PRICE- FIVE CENTS.
SAN. ; . FRANCISCO, SATURDAY,' JULY ; 20, 1901.
VOLUME XC— NO. 50.
REPRESENTATIVE BUSINESS MEN OF SAN FRANCISCO LISTEN
TO CHRISTIAN COUNSEL EARNESTLY VOICED BY A LEAGUER
AT NOON EXERCISES IN COURTYARD OF THE PALACE HOTEL
Resignation o f Strong Accepted.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— It was official
ly announced at the War Department to
day that the President had accepted the
resignation of Captain Putnam ' Bradlee
Strong, quartermaster. United States
army, to take effect July 15.
J~)EL1ABLE information was] secured ';late^lasi]nigJit to the \effect that 'Detroit can '.-'have! the I
JiX^nexti convention if the represeiitatives \ of that- "city \ nozu here. desire it. It is understood* that .
a majority ' of the board of -control is against -Minneapolis, which \kas .. been ¦ the only city to '
make a decisive} struggle to r seciire : the c
the ': present r bui unll be referred to.^
trmtjyip that city will accept' the pro ffere'd; honor. 4 '• ' ' . . : : " ;' ' ' • . "•
DETROIT WILL PROBABLY BE MEETING PLACE
OF NEXT INTERNATIONAL EPWORTH CONVENTION
Leaguers ehall practice- tithing and teach
It wherever they go. -
• Achieved',* was the" thenie of
Rev. J. W. Saunby.B. A... of : Medicine^
Hat. Northwest Territory. He told of the
Epworth Leaguers in his territory giving
$25,000 annually and having thirty mem
bers in the foreign field. He also spoke
of the benefit of the missionary libraries
In the societies. Three thousand sets of
these have already been sold. Several
districts, he eald, are raising the whole
conference assessments.
Work Before Us.
Messrs. Kerby and Turk, who have be
come very popular with the audiences,
sang "Redeemed by Love," after which
Rev. "W. W. Cooper of Kenosha. Wis.,
spoke upon "The "Work Before Us." He
spoke in part as follows:
We should aspire to become the greatest mis
sionary church in the world. We should lead
the missionary enterprise rather than remain
near the bottom of the list. We are giving
only 50 cents per capita per year to send the
gospel to two-thirds of the world who have
not, as yet, heard of the Savior, while the lit
tle Moravian church is giving over $2 per
capita.
Our hands are red 'with crime which was
perpetrated early in the history of the League,
and we are accessory to the crime so long as
we remain silent and do not rise up and wash
the stains from the pases of our history. It
is a crime before God that we have tied the
hands of our millions of young-j people an'J
say they cannot take a collection for other
than League purposes.
We need to dignify the most Important work
the church has to do by creating- a missionary
department.
Personal Work for Christ.
Rew R. S. Cantine, D. D., of Los An
geles, • spoke on "Personal Work for
Christ." He said in part:
Gladstone's greatest work was not In Par
liament, but that for lost souls. The time for
this work is youth. Who ever saw a John
Wesley beginning: work when his hair was
gray.
Edward D. Soper, a young layman of
Harrisburg, Pa., was the last speaker of
the afternoon. His theme was "Young
Laymen as Soul "Winners." He said in
part:
Bout-winning is absolutely necessary, on the
part of laymen for their own success. A lay
man's life muat be an active life or there Is
no life at alL Give him a Sunday school class,
make him a leader of meetings and keep him
busy until he Is fitted to personally direct
eouls to the Savior.
The preacher cannot do all the work alone.
The young people are afraid of preachers. The
ones that can reach the young: people, and
the only ones that can, are the y-jung people
themselves. >.
.The session closed with the singing of
"Abide With Me," and a benediction by
Dr. Case of this city.
Free Car Rides Are Refused.
E. C. Gilbert, ex-general, secretary of
the California Christian Endeavor Union,
yesterday made a personal visit to the of
ficers of the San Francisco and San Mateo
Electric Railway and . the Market-street
system in behalf of the Epworth League
committee on transportation. The San
Mateo line issued permits for all white
cap ladies to ride free this week. He could
secure no favors|from Manager Vinlng of
the Market-street Railway Company, j
Large Party From Southern California Un
expectedly Reaches * the City to Take
Part in the Convention's Final Meetings
educated. Common Westy ought to be in the
SUs land an embezzfer la punished. Epworth
church of God. Xt\ we don't pay the Lord
fal» tithe we are emheazUn*. In the courts of
the afternoon session at the Mechanics'
Pavilion. O. M. Vesper opened the song
service. The ParE'slsters rendered "The
Palms,", and in response to an encore
played "The "World's Peace."
Rev. E. E. Scott of Vancouver. B. C,
presided and Rev. John Foster of New
Orleans offered the opening prayer. The
theme for Jthe session was "Forward
Movements in the Church."
Rev. S. R. Hay of Houston, Tex., is not
attending the, convention, and his place
upon the programme was taken by Rev.
Alonzo Monk \ of Knoxvllle, Tenn. Dr.
Monk's eubject'was "Systematic Benevo-
Ibnce." He £ai<i in part:
I don't want apjj man leading in prayer in
my church who giws less than a. tenth of hla
Income, provided tW ne has been properly
Fully 7000 Epworth Leaguers attended
Important Themes Eloquently
Treated at the Pavilion in
the Afternoon.
TIMELY TOPICS
ARE DISCUSSED
CONTRARY to the expectations of
the reception committee, a large
delegation of __ Epworth ¦ Leaguers
arrived in the city from the south
yesterday. The party numbered
200 and was made up of workers
from Ban Luis Oblspo and Intermediate
points. The leaguers came by boat and
were met at the pier # by the ferry recep
tion detail.
Word has been received that more than
one hundred leaguers who have been de
tained in the southern part of the State
on side trips Trill arrive to-day and take
part In the closing exercises of the con
vention. Arrangements have been made
by the committees for their reception and
necessary accommodations have been se
cured for them.
It was a busy day with the leaguers.
The day began 'with early morning prayer
meetings at several of the leading Metho
dist churches. At 9 o'clock there were
sessions of the convention at the Pavilion
and the Alhambra Theater. There were
rousing meetings at both these places, as
well as In Metropolitan Temple, in the
afternoon and evening. The interest
manifested In ell the sessions was most
marked.
At the noon hour there was a well at
tended meeting 1 of business men at the
Palace Hotel. Many representative mer
chants were In attendance and took
active part In the exercises.
A special missionary conference meeting
has been called for to-day in the rest
room of the art gallery in the Pavilion
by E. T. Colton, chairman of the com
mittee having mission work In charge.
Addresses vrill be delivered by Bishop.
Joyce, Dr. Berry and Dr. Bashford. Dele
gates from every district and chapter are
expected to be present.
The meeting of the board of control at
the Palace Hotel this afternoon is looked
forward to with Interest by the Minnesota
delegates, who are -urging that their State
b« honored with its selection as the meet
ing place for the Epworth convention of
1903. The chances are excellent that their
claims for recognition will be recognized
by the board. Thus far no decided contest
for the honor has developed.
LEAGUERS ARRIVE
FROM DAY TO DAY
Continued on Page -.Thxea.
DH. B. L. PAINE OF LINCOLN, NEBR?, ADDRESSING THE GATHERING' OF BUSINESS MEN AT NOON YES
TERDAY IN THE COURTYARD OF THE.PAUACE^HOTEL.; THE PHOTOGRAPHS ARE OF MEN PROMI
, NENT IN THE WORK OF THE CONVENTION. .'.*¦_ . -. . ...
EARNEST ADDRESS
TO BUSINESS MEN
Dr. B. L. Paine of Nebraska Speaks Words
¦of Wisdom to Many Leading Merchants
Who Gather in Response to Invitation
IN the courtyard of the Palace yester
>day at noon some fifty business men
JkQf.Sari 5Yanclaco>'nian>«o£.them.rep-*.:
; resentatlve men '-of their class,' gatri- *
ered In response to the call .-of the
Epworth convention to take part in
religious services to be conducted by Dr.
B. L. Paine of Lincoln, Neb. Considerable
wealth was represented at the meeting,
and all listened with earnestness to the j
words that were spoken calling upon them
to attend to their spiritual as well as ma
terial wants in this busy, materialistic
age. .-.'.'/ ,
The singing of the league hymn, "When
the Roll Is Called," marked the opening
of the meeting. This finished, Dr. Paine
requested all present to join with him in
singing the national anthem. The
chants complied with ready' energy and
,when the grand -notes rose upon the' still ..,
air the balconies above were- soon i filled ' t
with hotel guests, who' occupied their .
points of vantage in deep silence through- ,
out the exercises. \ . . - >. ¦ ,
A chorus of fully 100 leaguers then sang '
"The Child of Sorrow," after which Dr."
Paine addressed the gathering. - His meth- ]
od was plain, \omelike and most con- ,
vlnclng. He said: - , .- _-.. ! 1
I come from the plains of Nebraska. T. too,
am a business man.' and I want to say that
.never before have I, been received .with such
"kindness as In San Francisco. I 'Wish to see
the business men here. I. know it Is difficult
for them to leave the mart of commerce and
finance during working hours, but at this hour
of the day. the hour of general relaxation from
care and work, men may possibly come to
hear us.
Religion and business can go hand In hand.
It often does, and business men are often truly
religious men. When- a business man Is a
churchman and is a deacon or a Sunday school
teacher he Is more marked than his associates,
and that is why there Is made so much talk
when a business man who Is zealous In church
work goes astray. But how small the percent
age of such cases.
Love is the foundation of all religion, and
with love many things can be done.
The speaker urged his hearers to pause
In their struggle for wealth and commer
cial supremacy and give heed to the wel
fare of their souls. At the close of his
remarks the leaguers sang again and the
audience was dismissed with - a benedic
tion.
- Another meeting will be held at the same
place at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon.' Sev
eral addresses by' well-known league mem*
bers will be delivered.
Journals ana of magazines, the grade of which
was never so high as now, there is, neither
time nor occasion to speak. The topic restricts
us to the relations of the church and the news*
paper. ¦
Headers of the Daily Press.
Every reader Is better or worse In knowl
edge, morals and religion than be would be
without the dally press. Most dally papers are
allied with one political party and those who
take but one rely on it for facts concerning
measures, leaders and candidates. Independent
papers, when not personal organs; usually agree
with one particular party with much regu
larity. In free countries literature, science,
manufacture, commerce, agriculture, art and
politics are Inseparably united. Hence the
power for good or evil of the newspaper over
the man who read3 It or admits It to his home
Is incalculable. '
A newspaper In general consists of editorials,
edited departments, contributions, advertise
ments and that heterogeneous combination of
facts, rumors, guesses and predictions classi
fied under the head of news.
Newspapers ' may be roughly divided Into
strata. The lowest stratum prefers or is will
ing to serve moral carrion to the people rather
than to purvey to them things pure and sweet.
Every large city and many populous towns
have one 'or more practically the organs of the
classes who maintain themselves by some kind
of J villainy, such as the saloon . Interest, the
gambling interest, the prize-fighting- Interest
and the keepers of places where women descend
to the- level of the most degraded man. who la
sure there to find his mate, and the forms of
political or police protection which are hand
and glove with 'one or all of these abomina
tions. Such papers revel in divorces, domestic
scandals, elaborate details of suicides, murders,
fights.' trials ." and executions, .' and delight in
tearing to pieces the reputation of , families
previously respected and in fringing to public
not lew all the ancestors 'and collateral relatives
PRESS IS VYING WITH
COLLEGES AS AN EDUCATOR
Dr. James M. Buckley, a Religious Editor^
Delivers an Interesting Address..
At the morning: meeting of the dele
gates to the Epworth League Convention
in Mechanics' Pavilion the chief address
was made by Dr. James . M. Buckley, the
editor of the* New Tork Christian Advo
cate. The topic he- chose was "Ths :
Church and the Newspaper." j He handled
the subject in lively manner, saying In
part: - : ¦ . , .
Long ago it was said that the world Is gov
erned by three boxes— the cartridge box. tha
ballot box and the band box— force, votes. '
women. But now a fov.rth must be added—
the mall box, loaded by the countless products
of the printing press.
To-day the newspaper competes with semi
naries, colleges and universities as an edu- '
cator; with courts as a detector, exposer and
punisher of crime: with fashion as a regulator
of manners and with the church as a modifier'
of morals. Through its advertisements and re
ports of transactions and markets, from . tha
price* of garden truck to the plans and achieve
ments of the cosmopolitan financiers of the
exchanges and bourses, it is the chief reliance
of commerce. It can also nullify the acts of
legislatures and j the decisions ¦ of ! courts .. by
creating a sentiment -inimical to their "enforce
ment, and it even assumes to elect presidents,
to dethrone kings.' to ' declare war and* to ! criti
cize and direct the movements of armies and
navies. .
The editorial "we" is annex of unknown
value' in an equation never worked out- The
phrase "in these columns" is in popular effect
a kind of equivalent of "by virtue, of my au->
thorlty as king." The fact that' editorials are
unsigned ' divests their authors ef fear and tha
combination of Its representatives In arguing,
and clamoring for the liberty of the press often:
protects them from -the' operation' of the law.
of libel. What no individual could say without
danger of his liberty or his life the press con-.
stantly says ' of governments, dignitaries, j In
stltutions, society and citizens; benca ' nothing ¦
is so much flattered and feared as the press. '
Of trade, professional, literary and scientific
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.l =*t7. '"¦-. ¦>/-"¦'¦•¦ - *' v " ; r < •¦,¦••/ ¦ -.:;^ ¦ Z- : -~-*-.': ¦¦'¦'¦' '"• .rr r: V" / ••" '" ; r V. ••: ' . .-.£¦ .¦-,'• ; ,::;;v: ¦¦•¦¦ f ;¦•••¦-."-¦.¦.¦
SCENE IN FRONT OF ONE OF jTHE MEETING PLACES :.WHEN.f THE .LEAGUERS DEPARTED FOR THEIR
ABODES IN. THIS CITY. THE ILLUSTRATION ALSO SHOWS SOME OF THE SPEAKERS WHO ADDRESSED
DELEGATES TO THE CONVENTION. s> " i '
Pavilion, it certainly did In spirit. And
then,> too, the decorations of the Alham
bra, illuminated by a blaze of electric
lights, were certainly as attractive as
those of the larger. hall;
Not for a moment was the enthusiasm
or interest allowed to abate. The meetings
commenced •- with ; psalm • singing and
prayers, and songs were ¦ interspersed be-,
fween the speeches. The morning session
was principally devoted to the position
held by the Methodist church in regard
to the important religious and social prob
lems of the day. Thus the leaders hope
.to- instill into the delegates the true prin-'
clples and aims of their church, so that
they may. in their turn Instruct their
brethren at home.
Nathan Newby presided at the morning 1
THE Epworth League delegates
who did not allow themselves to
be allured by the*more portentous
dimensions of Mechanics' Pa
vilion, but . who attended the
- meetings at the Alhambra Thea
ter, yesterday enjoyed a rare treat.
Speakers of .- unusual force and eloquence
delivered addresses on "The Epworth
League, Its Aims and Its Achievements,"
"Missionary Wor&vrf the Present and
Past Century" and "The Great Principles
of the Methodist Chxtrch." The audience
was able to enjoy the eloquence of the
speakers -without straining their ears to
a tension- 1 If the : psalm singing did not
egnal in Tolnme that of the choir at the
session, and the Rev. G.' R.' Turk of To
ronto, Canada, was the first speaker. He
selected, for his topic of discussion '"/he
Church and theWorkingman," and sought
to show how religion might be utilized for
his uplifting. He said In part:
.' Clrurch and "Workinginan.
The church stands for the enlightened con
science of ¦ the world. .' The church is Christ
brought down" to date. Its members are called
out- from .sin, drawn into- fellowship with
Christ and each other, and filled with the Holy
Spirit; producing lives of sacrifice and ser-'
vice. The working man i* every man (or
woman) who is self-reliant, and so far e3
possible self-supporting-, and who thus con
tributes to the development of society. The
tramp, ¦ drone and stall-fed are excluded.
"While the church is upheld and carried for
ward by working men we are compelled to
Mission Work, Patriotism, Temperance, Proper Use of the Bible, Supreme benevolence Are a
Few of the Subjects Discussed in a' Capable Manner by Talented
Pulpit Orators Whose Study of the Topics Qualifies Them to Speak."'
LEAGUERS AT ALHAFIBRA ENJOY RARE
ORATORICAL l^EAST DURING THE DAY
EPWORTH IAN
CONVENTION
IS BOOMING
Large Meetings at Pavilion
Where Themes of Interest
to Leaguers Are Argued
Modern Newspapers Censured
by the Rev. Jas. M. Buckley
Because of Their Methods
OT more than 5000 delegates
•were In their seats yesterday
morning when Musical Director
jh J. M. Robinson of Oakland an^
\ iiounced the opening: song of the
~. second day's programme of the
Epworth League Convention in
Mechanics' Pavilion. The song was sung
¦wita little life until the cornets -of the
sisters rang out in silvery tones on
tne second verse. Songs followed in quick
succession, after which Rer. O. E. Wat
son of Charleston, 8. C, led in prayer.
Dr. John F. Berry, general secretary,
who presided, announced that the absence
of Bishop Earl Cranston. D. D.. L.L. D.. of
Portland, Or., who was to have occupied
the chair, was owing to the serious 111
ness of Ws wife. At. the suggestion or
Dr. Berry & message of sympathy was
eent to the Bishop.
District Attorney William H- And=r=on
of Springfield. I1L, was the first epeaker.
His subject was "The Church and^the
3-iojuor Traffic." He was frequently ap
plauded in the course of his remarks. He
eaid In part:
Churcti and Liquor Traffic
The liquor traffic is Satan's chief ally, and
to overcome It we need the help of CfinstlMB
of an denominations. It dominates politics,
and we must enlist against it right tn lT ifc1ng
men of all parties. The Anti-Salocn League
was established upoa this basis: It represents
consecrated common sense applied to the liquor
Question, Its single obpect is the destruction
•cf the ealoon by uniting for work all moral
forces which oj>po&e the saloon. Thirty-eisht
Elates and Territories are organized alon*
these lines and affiliated with the American
Anti-£aJoon Lesiue.
Our young people's societies need a. definite
Issue. The object of political parties is to se
cure food government, but they would fall to
jiieoes of their own weight were it not for the
unifying power of a vital issue express'Sd in
concrete terme. The ltajraer often does not
know how to obey the injunction to eare souls.
Impress upon his heart that the way to save
6ouls lor Christ Is to destroy the instituticn
which yearly sends one hundred thousand men
to a drunkard's hell, and you wiU~hear the
tread of victorious hosts, feel the swiw: of
conquest, and the reteran army will be easily
marshaled 10 win ths next victory in his name.
ChurcTi and Workingmen.
"The Church and the Workingman" was
the tfcjeme of Rev. E. J. Helms of .Boston,
Jlass. He eaid in part:
It 1% brttfer to seek the preservation of the
Eabbath for the sake of man than as a reli
gious institution. 6eek to shorten hours of
labor bo we may not only have a. day of rest,
but a rested man for the day. Workincmen
readily respond when the church sincerely
eeeks them aEd their welfare, as illustrated by
the Epworth League house work in Boston.
Bocieir cannot be redeemed by wholesale. Let
th« ciirrch eeek the soul of each man as as
sidnoagly as she 6eeks the benefactions of a
Rockefeller or Carnegie. Let the church bridge
the cbfcsczs torming between the trusts and
\tteir "hands"; between the labor unions and
the Unskilled. If the organized cirareh will
conquer with Christ she must be obedient to
his spirit, Tjhough candidates for the min
istry »re fiecreasinc the numbers oi young
I>oople studying to fin positions in the work
of charity and reform have marv-eloasljr multl-'
plied. Our institutions are filling with min
atrrs who seek not only the amelioration but
annihilation of conditions that foster crime and
disease. When the church awakes and IoIIowb
thi$ heavenly vision of Christ-like ¦ conquering
lore, the vrorkingman will love her and unfier-
Etend and love her Qhrist.
ReK. T. E. E. Shore, XL A_ E. D-, of To
ronto, Canada, spoke of "The Cburch and
the Young Men." He declared that the
younf men of to-day would never be
found in the Church unless the church
¦workers went after thpm. He offered the
iollOYrivg solution of. the questions
TTe -must have a meeting of men aloire. "Ii Is
fcll very well to have an Epworth League Trtrere
*r.»n and women meet together, bui there mast
he a separate meeting for the men. The young
tnen must have a chance to hit hard. ¦ This caa
only be done when they are alone. There is a
feminine type and manly type of Christianity.
Both are cood, but you cannot put both to
eethet. Have we not been giving the young
Even too milch milk and not enough meat? Is
it cny wonder there are so many young men
outside of the church, when there is bo little
inside of manliness? ¦
If you vant to get a strong yxnrng imrn into
the church you must give him Romethinz to
do, some responsibility, some duties, that ap
j>eal ta his manly enterprise. There is no
work young men enjoy so much as winning
oth«r ycung men tor something. This has been
proves by organizations such as the T. M. C
A.. t»» Brotherhood of St. Paul, the Brother
hood of St. Andrew, and kindred organiza
tions.
Dr. James M. Buckley spoke on fh« sub
ject "The Church and the Newspaper."
It was a lively address and will be found
elsewhere.
Our Imperiled Sabbath.
Ttre, first colored gentleman to appear
on the speaker's platform was the Rev.
J. B. Scott. D. D., of New Orleans, La.
His subject was "Our Imperiled Sabbath."
He spoke as follows:
I consider the Sabbath doubly imperiteil by
the apparent unconcern of the Christian church
whose future welfare depends so largely on the
proper observance of this day. The members
of th« ehurch are often the leaders In that
speculation and pleasure— seeking spirit which
sacrifices principle and tramples sacred things
underfoot, when these stand in the way of the
end In view. They devote the hours for wor
ship te pleasure, and Eeek to excuse themselves
by fallacious arguments that would held good
neither in the courts of the land nor before the
tribunal of common sense. The pulpit is large
ly client on the subject, either to avoid giving
offense to the guilty or because it has delegated
this work to agents and organizations that 60
vote their entire time to the subject The re-
rait is that there are hundreds of young people
evei among those .who are under the influence
of the •church who never give the proper ob
servance of the Sabbath a serious thought.
Such things as these add greatly to the prob
lem before us, for verily, a man's most dai>
rerous foes are those of his own household.
Believing, then, that the Sabbath as a day of
worship and of rest is essential to the present
and future welfare of man, it is th« indiapen^
cable duty of every leaguer and every citizen
who wishes that which is best for the church,
and best for his country through the church.
to unite tn emphasizing and enforcing that
Klorious old command, "Remember the Sab
bath dajr to kee^i It holy."
The Institutional Churdx.
Rev. Ward Beecher Ptekard, E>. E>., -of
Cleveland. Ohio, proved to be a popular
speaker. While his subject, "The Institu
tional Church," was applicable only for
city delegates, his thoughts met with the
hearty approval of the entire convention,
lie said In r>art: . »
Tn« aim of the Institutional church "ie to
save all men and all of the man by all means.'"
Therefore, while not neglecting the function
cf worship it underscores (social, recreational
and educational methodg. Its open door, free
pewE, plurality cf workers and its provisions
for teaching, for amusement and for system
atic industrial work, give it distinctive char
acteristics. Institutional methods are an ap
plication of good business principles tc the
lx>rd'e work. Tbey are a. protest against the
policy of Investing millions of money In build
ings to be used only a fraction of the time.
Even the devil would have to go out of trade
if he adopted such a plan. The 'methods of
tiie church applied to trade or education would
be suicidal. Build the church so that it can
be used and then use It. is the business rule
of ehurch life. The methods adopted and the
principles underlying this work are in accord
ivith the most advanced theories of education.
No permanent Impression without motor expres
sion is the fundamental law that gives us the
kindergarten, the blackboard and the manual
training class. .
The crying demand of the hour 1b for conse
crated personality. Money is- more plentiful
than men. "Wealth is easier to find than
women. The Epworth League must be the
school where workers are to be trained to carry
forward the social betterment movement* of
the ace. Let this training begin in your chap
ter. Let it begin with you.
The last address of the morrririg- session
was by Rev. F. D. Leete of Rochester, N.
Y His • theme was , "The Men's Move
ment." He said in part:
The men's movement in the Methodist Cburcfa
LEAGUE ORATORS DISCUSS SOME TIMELY TOPICS
LEAGUERS
HOLD RALLY
AT TEMPLE
_-.i'. r * Personal "Work for Christ.
On the subject "Personal "Work for
Christ" Rev. Payette L. Thompson of'
Jackson.^^Iich., said:
In this personal work certain words stand
for qualities and equipments of imperative Im
portance. One may do much lacking many of
them, but If one Is to do the most, and be
at his best no one of them must be entirely
soul, character and conduct. One .cannot 11t«
less than the best at any time without that
fact cheapening hi3 words at all times. Cour
age, which hides not behind the pulpit, which
has been -called "Coward's Castle," or the im
personal audience, but face to face urges th*
gospel message with the "thou art the man."
AV'insomeness. which tactfully reveals the
Christ beauty. Cromwelllan bluntness may
express the truth, but Cromwell is ancient his
tory and force was bis law. Contact, so that
healing goes out from us. It Is surely no ac
cident that Christ touched those he healed.
The settlement idea is In the air and remote
seduslveness represents not the Christ who so
loved .the world tnat he came. Sympathy,
which means symphony, you remember.
That harmony by which one comes Into fellow
ship with the hidden life of another, feeling his
sorrows and bearing . his burdens. . The Holy
Spirit, without whom It Is worse than folly
to take either the Father's name upon our lips
or bis work Into our hands.
League is not merely a local improvement so
ciety. Upon teem has come the mighty con
viction that Christ's commission to evangelize
the world is a duty Imposed upon the individ
ual Christian. Imbued with this conviction,
they feel that it is the purpose of Christianity
to bring the whole earth under Messiah' i. sway.
They believe that the only hope of man 13 in
the gospel. There is no nation so barbarous
It cannot civilize, no nature so gross it can
not refine, no mind so ignorant It cannot en
lighten, no heart so carnal It cannot spiritual
ize, no will so enslaved it cannot emancipate
and no soul so lost It cannot save, and this
movement has revealed to our youth that the
church is the agency In God's hands for pro
claiming this gospet to every creature.
Laymen as Soul-Winners.
Rev. "Walter A. Cooke of Cyprus River,
Manitoba, Canada, delivered a thoughtful
discourse upon the topic "Young Laymen
a^ Soul Winners." He said in brief:
The army of the living God stands just
within the gates of a new century, and the
Lord's command is "Speak unto the children
of Israel, that they go forward." i We, who
are here, Epworth Leaguers, have our own
inalienaMe place in this mighty army,* and in
these favored lands where Christianity Is more
or less dominant, but where there are sucn
alarming members who are hostile to the king
dom of God, or else Indifferent to It. we are
comma tided' to move forward In the great work
of winning souls, consecrating ourselves with
new enthusiasm to this holy -war. More ear
nestness, more zeal, more aggression, more
abandon, more there should be of the spirit of
him who counted not his life dear unto him
self that he might save some. From a careful
consideration of the subject it does not seem
too much to say that the majority of younsr
laymen are not soul-winners; they are not
marching forward to win victories for God.
but simply marking time or resting In their
tents. It is a matter of Individual, personal
responsibility. "Every one of us shall give
account of himself to God." Are you striving
for souls, as you will wish you had done In
that sacred hour when you pass out from this
mortal life Into the presence of your God?
Morris. r . .'¦•-•
. The first speaker was Rev. G. S. Clen
dlnnen of Erockville, Ontario, Canada,
who spoke on "Systematic Benevolence."
He defined systematic benevolence and ex
plained Its relation to the personal Income
of men. It was not merely a question of
personal offering, but it Involved the
whole use of men's incomes in relation to
Christian lives. Continuing, the speaker
said:
To the Christian all things are sacred. To
be a Christian is td. be Inspired with the spirit
of benevolence, with the spirit of Christ. This
spirit nay express Itself acordln? to rule.
ernVlonal Impulse or the New Testament prin
ciples. There is no affair in life which de
mands greater attention than the stewardship
of money. Money Is a trust, a power of which
the holder or trustee must render* strict ac
counting. Property Is a responsibility. Men
ask if they have not the right to do with
their property as they choose. I answer that
they have the right to do what they ought
to do, but they nave no right to make im
proper use of what God has iKen them. The
true conception of Christian benevolence Inter
dicts all avenues of illegitimate gain. A
benevolent man will sacrifice selfish interests
for the public good.
The speaker urged that one of the great
est needs of society is the adjustment or
the question of earning and savings. Any
one, he said, who evades the payment of
taxes or sponges upon the church is aa
mean as any defaulter and as degraded as
any thief. He held it to be a burning
shame that mendicancy Is tolerated in a
country so rich in resources as Is Amer
ica. Character, he concluded, was the real
test and standard of all values.
The "Work Before Us.
Rev. F. Burgette Short of "Wilmington,
Del., spoke on the subject, "The Work
Before Us." He said:
There are multitudes of jroumr people, and
boys and girls In our own towns and cities,
that are not reacTied by the church nor the
Sunday school. Here are opportunities for
Christian service. After them we should go.
and bring /them- Into the fold. Then there are
the millions in heathen lands whose ears have
never caught ths eweet cadence of Christian
song, nor whose hearts have ever been stirred
by the story of_ Christ's love. "We dare not
close our eyes to the scenes, nor stop our ears
to the calls. The Island that lately came Into
League Missionary Forward
-Movement and Other Sub
jects Are Well Presented
;^'V / FAIR audience gathered at Met-
A ropolitan Temple yesterBay after
/% -noon and listened to several In-
Z_m terestlng addresses. The chalr
¦^/^% man of the meeting was Rev. J.
"*" ' E. Moore of this city. The sons
service was conducted by J. J.
Eloquent Speakers Address
Fair-Sized Assemblage on
Grand Work of Association
The emblem of the New York City His
tory Club is the industrious little beaver,
typical of the sturdy ancestors. ¦ sur
rounded by a circle. This beaver was
part of the ancient seal of New Amster
dam.
THE .SAN, FEANGISUO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1901.
Rea P. Hanting.
FREEPORT, 111., JUjy 19.— Rea p.
Harting, i a^ once i famous race - track
plungrer, well known over the , United
States; . died here to-day of consumption
AJfred Piaetti.
LONDON, July 19— Alfred Piaetti. the
composer and violinist, died yesterday at
Bereamo, Italy. He wa? born In 1822.
Saturday, July .-20, 6:30 a, m.
' . SUSTHIHE PEATER JUSUTINGS.
Grace Metliodist Episcopal . Church, Rev,
George R. Stuart, D. D., Cleveland, Tenn.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Rev. .
XL D, Hamilton, London, Ont., Canada.
CentEnaiy Methodist Episcopal Church,
South, K.--W. Ropiequet, Belleville, HI.
• .First Methodist Episcopal Clnrrch, Oak
land, Rev. John F- Harmon, ' Mount Ver- ,
prm_ TP- ¦ . - , • ¦ . -
HOWAR3X8TKEET METHODIST • EPIS
COPAL CHURCH— $ A. M, ,
Junior League Conference. / ¦•
Chairman, Rev. .T. Albert Moore. " Hamil
ton. Ont_. Cairada. . ¦ ¦
Song service. J. J- Morris, j musical dlrecr,
tor." ¦ Devotions, Mrs. Fannie E. Poorman. .
Sacramento. CaL ¦ ...
' ' \ Addresses. " . ¦ ¦ . . .
'*Tbe Devotional Meeting," Mrs. Annla ¦
Ho&tw Woodcock, Aurora. Neb. • ' ;
' "The Use at. the Blackboard." Her. Joel
,T- Daves. AtTiem, Ga. . . .. , , —¦
"A Reaaing Course for Juniors," Mrs.
Annie E. Smiley. Lowell. Mass.
"Round Tabl« Conference." Rer. S. T.
Bartlett. Naiianjee. Out,.' Canada.
ALHAMBRA .THEATER— 9 A. M.
Practical 'Methods^ of Work— Llteraiy " and
> - Spiritual Dejwrtments. . ;
Chairman/ Profesaor R. 8.' Copelaa^,/ M."
D., Ann Arbor, Mich. . .
Song Bervice, • O, . M, Vesper, musical di
rector. Devotions, L. . J, Price/ Atlanta,
Ga. ¦¦¦.:-" • :"'¦ - v : ' •¦ \ .
"¦r^C'Addreasea.^ . . '.- . . . '.
''Does the Literary Department Pay r»
Rev. S, B. Turrentine, D. D.V, Greensboro,
N.'C,-'; . . '¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ -\ - '' -'¦-¦ . ' >'•'« "j
- "The Reading Course -and How to J.ntro» .
duce It," Rev- J, -Wellington, Frlzrelle,
Rock , Island, * 111, .-.-.'¦ .- . .
"Round, Table Ccmf erence, . Literary De?
partment,"; Rev. R." F. • Eakes, . Atlanta, Ga,
•"The League** Devotional; Meeting," >Rev,
Arthur: H. de Lone, La 'Porte, Ind, ...¦''
''The Preparation ;of Leaders," Rev, :W,
A.^ Barraclough, Victoria, B. C,
"Round Table Conference, ' Spiritual De
partment," C B. Nordeman. Louisville, Ky.
MISSIONART EXHIBIT - ROOM, j ME
.CHANICS* PAVILION— 9 A. M.
Missionary Workers* Conference.
Addresses.
; "How' to Make the Kpworth'' league a .
Missionary Force," ' S. Karl Taylor, Chl
cagOfHU '¦¦'¦¦ % .
''The Missionary Committee of th« Kp- '
•worth League." C. V. Vickrey, Cbteago. I1L .
"'Missionary Meetings," Rev. P. L. Cobb,
Nashville, Tenn. >
,"^rhe Missionary Library," W. W. Coop
er, Kenosha, Wls..^ .
"The . Missionary" Stnay__ Coarse," Clyde
Jack, Fort Worth. . Texas."'
• YScrlptural Habits of Giving," F. C.
Stephenson, ML D.f Toronto, Canada.
"The Bfble and Missions." E. T. Colton.
Cnlcaeo, HX. ¦ . " *
METROPOLITAN TEMPEE— 9 A. M.
.. . ¦ • / •¦ ¦ .
Social and Mercy and Help Departments.
Chairman. Rev. C. T. Scott. B. A.. Ayl- ,
mer, . Oct., . Canada. ' . ¦ ¦ .
Sbng service, Robert Hnsband, musical
director. Devotlona, Rev. R. A. Carter,
'Atlanta. Ga. . : ' ' ; ; '.' ¦ '¦: . ;
" Addreesea. ... . - ' ¦
"The Social Atmosphere, of the Clnrrch,".
- Bennett E» Titus,. Syracuse, N. T.
"What Can the Social Department Do to
-Help < a- Revival T' Rev. J. A. t. Burrow.
. D.D.. Nashville, Term. . . -- -*i . i
"House-to-House : Visitation," Rer. Hot- •
.. ace. L." Jacobs^ "Altopna, Pa.. ¦ -.
/•Round Table Conference. Social Depart-,'
ment/'.Rev. C. O.. Jones. "D.D... Bristol. Va.
"The League Membership— How to Hold
Old Members," Rev. W, \W, Baer, Na-
: "¦ nalmo, B. C, ' : / v . .
( "The . Leagua Members* ljv-How to Se
cure ! New Members," Rev, C, H. Phillips,
D.D., Jackson, Mich, ; • ' . .
: "Hcspital ' and Prison Wort." Rev," 8. B,
. .Campbell, ,D.D.,Gt, ; Joseph, Mo, r ,
1 -\ '.'Round .;¦ Table Conference— Mercy" and
Help Department," Rev. J, L, Batty, Hall
fax, - Nova ; Scotia, / -, ; ¦ \ .¦'¦.'-' •¦ -
..CENTRAL ' METHODIST ) EPISCOPAL \
! ' '¦ CHURCH-9 A, .M, •' ; ". ,
Tha programme of the Intern otional Epworth Iieague .Convention f or to-day is as follows:
* ¦ Chapter Officers' Conference. < ' •
Chairman, E. M. Wheeler, Providence, •
R. I. ' •" '
> Song service. W. C. Stadtfeld, musical
director. Devotions, Rev. S. H. C Burgln,
Butte, Monr. ' -. " ._'[
• ¦' . .'..•' Addresses. ¦ ' •
' "The President." Rev. ; W. F. Uoyd,
D.D.,' Louisville, Ky.* , .
"The Se;retary," George E. Dougherty.,
Toneka, Kans. "¦ . ..
: -"The Cabinet or Council . Meeting," Rev. '
. C L. . Nye, . Creston, Iowa. .' k • .
"The Business Meeting," C. S. Keith, .
New Westminster, B. C. : ¦
"Round Table Conference," Robert Rem
ington Doherty, Ph.D., Jersey City, N. J.
BUSINESS MEN'S MEETINGS— 12 M.
. ¦ ¦ t ¦ - ' - ¦ --¦
- Palaco Hotel court, led by Rev. George
R. Stuart. Cleveland. Tenn.
Chamber of Commerce, led by Will Is W. ,
Cooper,- Kenosha, Wls. ' - " • ; ' — '
„ OPEN-AIR MEETINGS— 12 M.
City Hall sauare — Chairman, . George .w'. .
Pennlman. • Clinton. Mass.; song service;-
J. M. Robinson, director; address. Rev. T.-»
E. E. Shore,, M. Ai; B.D., Toronto. Canada.-
Van f -ftess | avenue, between McAllister .
¦ atreet and Golden j Gate avenue— Chairman.
I*. J. Norton. Naoa, Cal. ; song service;: J. •
3.. Morris, director; address, Rev. ' J.~ M.
Buckley, D.D., LL.D.",' New York City.
Van Ness - avenue, ;. between T Fell and
. Hayes . streets — Chairman. .Harry Morton,
San- Jose. ;CaL; «onc service; Isaac E.
Blake, director: address. Rev. T. Alonzo
Monk., D. D.;' Knoxyllle, Tenn.
MECHANICS'. PAVILION— 2:30' P. M.
- ' ; Grand 'Junior. Rally,; '
GOLDEN GATE PARK. (NEW MUSIC
\ ? BTANDJ-^ao'P, M. ;
- Grand eomolimentary band concert ten
dered by the Park Commissioners.: .
. CENTRAL METHODIST, EPISCOPAL " •
A, CHURCH-EVENING. ; ,. ;
Conference of Missionary. Workers, ' *
7:30 o'clock — Addresses by E.'.T. -Coltcra^ "
t Rev, > P, L, .. Cobb, y W,' .. W, Cooper; P. . c! -
I Stephenson, M.D. t , S. ; Earl : • Taylor ' and
; others. ; .; : -._. .-' . ; : -- ;-; -' ; ;
• ¦ * ' . - -' - .
TO-DAY'S CONVENTION PROGRAMME.
is essentially masculine. We' glory in ;' the
"eternally feminine" element in the spiritual
life of the church. But there is a rugged.- ac
tive and practical Bide of the religion which
must be emphasized before the church will be
thronged with men. Those who are giving
thought to this problem are studying to call
into exercise the faculties and talents ¦ which
are peculiar to the sturdier sex. To acoc«npliBh
this will be in no small way to the profit of
woman, to whom a church without men is less
and less attractive, as her growing absorption
In clubs and fraternal annexes is sufficient
proof. Let the church interest men If It wishes
to keep women and children and the family
After some announcements by Dr.
Berry and the singing of the Doxology,
Bishop Joyce closed the session with the
benediction. . - , .
AFTERNOON WORK
AT ALHAT1BRA
The meeting in the afternoon at the Al
harobra opened with William Burdette
Mathews of Charleston, W. Va., in the
chair. Many of the delegates who In the
morning had gone to the Pavilion and
were disappointed in not being able to
hear the speakers distinctly; in the after
noon came to the Alhambra. They were
fully repaid for the change, as the pro
gramme at the theater Included many ex
cellent addresses on timely topics. Be
fore. the speakers commenced their vol
leying'H. "W. Kerr of Detroit, Mich., and
,J. McD. Kerr of .Toronto, Canada, de
lighted the audience with a duet. They
were encored.
•j Rev. R. S. Cantlne, D. D., of Los An
geles delivered the first address. He took
for his theme, "Systematic Benevolence,"
and said in part:
i
Talk about Christian beneficence. It is a
sham and a fraud— too much like giving a do
nation to a minister when the church owes him
ten times as much as they donate. It is rob
bery in the name of charity. With our entire
Protestant church membership of over 13,000,000
we owe the Lord $407,228,67(1 a year and $4,072,
2S6.700. for the decade, but. we give only one
sixth of these amounts, which' leaves us with the
learful debt of $339,357,225 a year or $3,393,572,250
for the decade. Is it strange that God should
.eay, "Ye are cursed with a curse, for ye have
"robbed me, even this whole nation?" Can we
expect his favor on the pitiable pittance we pre
tend to give him, when we owe him six times
the sum? Should we not remember that we are
stewards, not proprietors, and that the debts
must be paid, not because God needs it, but
because we owe it to him as the custodian and
managers of this property?
Following Rev. Mr. Cantine's address
came a discussion of missionary work,
the improvement and extension of which
is one of the greatest questions confront
ing this convention. The entire field was
reviewed. The results already accom
plished were enumerated, while the work
yet to. be undertaken, was clearly ex
plained. '' s
Rev. Joshua M. Frost of • BangcT, Me.,
spoke first. His subject was "Missionary
Forward Movement in the League — Re
sults Achieved." He said in part: -• ¦
No Individual Christian ever realized the ex
tent of his experience or his strength in Christ
until he became imbued with the true mission
ary spirit. What the Epworth League needed
more than anything etee to insure He lasting
success was a great objective purpose— that pur
pose was imparted to it when foreign mission
ary work was undertaken. Although the. great
body of ¦ leaguers cannot afford to give much
In money, they can at least assist byprayer and
personal interest. Although but four years have
passed since. this movement was inaugurated,
the ardor for missionary work has already
spread through the entire order. The nineteenth
century has already ¦passed, but only one-third
of the human race has been Christianized. If
the Methodist denomination in all its strength
could be truly awakened to this great work the
whole world would soon be Billed with a knowl
edge of the true God.
The speaker \ further advocated the
adoption by the league of a plan of sys
tematic giving for missionary work. He
stated that a 2-cerrt stamp given each day
by every, member of the league would re
sult in an annual income of J13.000.000,
which sum would enable the missionary
leaders to double their present force.
Rev." L. Cobb of Nashville. Tenn~. fol
lowed and" completed the discussion In re
gard to missions. The title of his address
was "Missionary Forward Movement in
the League— the Work Before "Us."
"Personal Work for Christ" was the
title of an entertaining- and Instructive
lecture which was delivered by Rev.; L.
Cobb of Nashville, Tenn.
E. T. Colton, representing the -younger
members of the Epworth League and the
younger generation, spoke on "Yourtg
Laymen as Soul Winners." In the first
part of his dissertation he followed along
the lines of the speaker who had preceded
him and related incidents of college life
showing; the result of personal efforts and
j?ersonal appeals..
The distinction of winding up the good
work of the afternoon session fell to the
lot ol Rev. J. W. Bashford, X>. C of Del
aware, Ohio. Altbo-ugn he had but Just
finished a long speech at Mechanics' Pa
vilion he acquitted himself .well His ad
dress on "Our English Bible and How to
Use It" proved to be a brilliant defense
of the holy book, which he advised every
one to study, not for the sake of quoting
but 1h order to commune with the spirit of
the Lord. He sa^id in Dart: . .
The Bupreme value of the Bible arises from
lta influence over individuals and races. Three
of the great religions of the world— Judaism
Mohammedanism and Christianity— sprang from
the CHd Testament. It is at least 6triking that
in the evolution of civilizations and races un
der the law of the survival of the fittest the
Jews with their religion have outlasted Egypt
ians and Babylonians, Greeks . and Romans.
It is because Protestaniem rests upon the word
of God that Protestant nations are the leaders
in modern civilization. When Victoria was
asked by a Hindoo the secret of Britain's
power ehe pointed to the Bible. Christ is the
key. to history. The Bible is set for the rise
and fall of races and civilizations, is it not
at least a striking coincidence that during the
same century when 85 per cent of the mission
ary -work of the world was done by men and
women whose native speech is - your mother
tongue, under the stern law of the survival of
the fittest the English speech ' was belting the
globe? Upon the other hand our failures and
our unrest-are due to our disobedience to God's
word, and the only hope of America is applied
Young Men -as Soul Winners
Should Be Encouraged Is
. Opinion of Rev. E. E. Soper
admit that many of .their class bear no rela
tion to. the church. The worklngman believes
the church cares nothing for him, so he cares
nothing for the church. She has moved away
from his humble locality to the fashionable
suburb. She seems to cater to the man with
the gold ring and costly apparel. While the
saloon is open' day 'and night, • the church is
locked except for . a few hours on Sunday.
When ha does go occasionally he hears ora
tory and music, but little about Christ or how
to overcome sin and lead a better life. *
Church and Young Man.
The Rev. C. E. • Patillo, D. D:. of St.
Louis, Mo., the next speaker, had for his
subject "The Church and the Young
Man." His speech'was principally devoted
to describing how, in his opinion,'the
young men who are Indifferent to their re-
ligion may be brought back into the fold.
He declared that the young men would be
instrumental in solving the greatest- prob-
lems of the century. In part his speech
m, „„ foiinwq. ¦
was as ionows. f . . . #
'I realize that'Involved in this question are
nearly all the great problems of the day. In
the hands of the young man\have been placed
the scepter of empire and he has brought en-
thusiasm and vigor, to confront the battles-of
life. . - = ¦ ¦¦ ¦ V
The young men must be brought to realize
that the Influence of the church is not mean-
ingless and that the Christian man Is the
highest type of manhood. They must be
brought to know that at the' altar of church
are given higher and nobler gifts than ever
came from the hands of kings.
-If the church can only bring to her altars
the vast army of the .young men, •discipline-
them. drill them,' instruct and commission
them to rlo ¦ her - commands, this age will see
the - solution of the greatest problems of the
century. The fact is that the young men of
to-day have lost their regard for the church,
They consul<*f " the ' Bible as meaningless and
'no longer deem it the court of last appeal in
the case of morals.
.In conclusion he said that the defection
of the young men from the church was
due to their ability to detect fraud in the
services and in the preaching of the mln-
lsters, and that in order to induce.them
to return to the church the ministers
must be guided In their work by the spirit
of the Lord.
our possession must be taken for God. we
need at least five enthusiastic and intelligent
men whose sole duty is to visit our confer
ences and churches and stir up our young peo
ple to Join the great crusade against wrongr.
To accomplish this work the organization
must not only be well officered and have the
sympathy, devotion, loyalty and service of the
rank and file;' It must also have power. In
dividual enduement Is the necessity. I do not
mean a* baptism, of spiritual self-conceit, for
love Is not putted up;-nor a baptism of spirit
ual arrogance, for love doth not behave itsel*
unseemly; nor a baptism of self-righteousness,
for the crowning grace of love is humility;
but I do mean a baptism of the old fashion,
and the only fashion, holy ghost; eld fashion
common sense spiritualized.
Missionary Forward Work. x^
Rev. T. Albert Moore of Hamilton, Can
ada, spoke on the theme. "The Missionary
Forward Movement In the League." Ho
said in substance: '
This movement has given our Leaguers a
wider outlook. They* have learned that the
League Is not merely a local improvement so
ciety. Upon them has come the mighty con-
The Liquor Traffic.
One of the most powerful addresses of
the morning session was that of Rev. W.
B. Palmore, L>. D., of St. Louis, Mo. He
selected for his subject, "The Church and
the, Liquor Traffic," and forcefully deplet
ed the destruction which has resulted
from the establishment of the American
saloon throughout the world. He said in
part:
High tax and low tax on the liquor trade
in reality are sin tax. The welfare of "the
people in this country demands that the saloon
shall be destroyed. There is not room enough
In the city nor In the whole world for a tri
umphant church and a triumphant saloon. The
desolation wrought by the American saloon Is
found in all parts of the world. When you
step from a steamer at the ports of Japan, at
Shanghai, at Calcutta, at Bombay or even in
darkest Africa you are Immediately confronted
by an American saloon. Hardly had our army
reached the Philippines when a volunteer threw
eff his coat and established a saloon. Now
there are 400, and if the American flag Is to
wave over 400 saloons Jt should wave at half
mast. It has been declared by some politician
high in authority ttfat a hogshead of whisky
judiciously placed in New York could make
or unmake a President.
This age will see a young David who will
come forward to overthrow, the monstrous giant
of intemperance. This young David will be in
the person "of the Epworth League, the Y. M.
C. A. and the other vast armies of united young
men of all denominations. •
Our Imperiled Sabbath. .'. . '
"in his address on "Our Imperiled Sab
bath" Rev. Edwin M. Randall, D. D., of
Seattle, Wash., entered an earnest pro
test again3t the desecration of the one
day in the week which Christianity has
consecrated to the worship" of God. He
declared that the Sabbath is essential to
religious life and that its destruction
would be the doom of Christian! tS". He
said in i>art: . . * / . - .
We greatly need an awakened and intelli
gent conscience. As individuals we must keep
the Sabbath holy at any cost and everywhere.
We must treat It as a welcome opportunity
and put It to the best use- for perfecting the
entire man. /Church services should be better
planned and full of the spirit that proves the
goepel the power of God unto salvation. The
Sabbath problem can only -be settled right
"by a. church able to raise the cross In triumph
over the world.' In behalf of this sacred i and
priceless day, I appeal to the great army of
the Epworth League, to their loyalty, to toil
worn humanity; to ¦ the State, to our church,
to our race and to God.
The Institutional Church.
"The Institutional Church" was the
subject of an interesting address which
was delivered by Rev. Matthias S. Kauf
man, Ph. D., of Seattle. Wash. On ac
count of the Intense interest which this
topic is at present exciting among 1 the
Methodists his remarks were received
with the keenest attention. He strongly
asserted that to win souls for the king
dom of God man's temporal welfare must
be ministered to. He said In part:
Thousands are being led Into heaven through
the open door of the churcn. Christianity
cares for man's temporal welfare as weU aa
his spiritual. It looks at man through the
eyes of Christ. This I Idea of keeping the
churches open seven days in the week Is com
mending: Itself to the great multitude. Every
possible means should be employed to lead men
Into the kingdom of Cod.
I am charmed and fascinated by the achieve
ment, aim and scope of the. "Institutional
Church." If the alms. and purposes of the Ep
worth League were fully carried out and devel
oped that order would be practically an Institu
tional church. It la the love . element In our
church which must be carried down among the
people. Personal effort la the greatest medium
for good In the Institutional church. We must
bleed and suffer for this world. No evil comes
to this earth to stay. 'Evil is Inherently weak.
We want a religion great enough to graDDle
with all the sin of the world. •
The meeting then closed with the sine
ing of a hynm and benediction.
Dr. Oiendinnen Says the Man
Who Does Not Pay Taxes Is
No Better Than a Defaulter
2
Impaired Digestion
May not be all that Is meant by dyspepsia
now, but It will be If neglected.' \
The uneasiness after eating, fits of nerv-
ous headache, sourness of the stomach, and
disagreeable belching may nit bo very bad
now,, but they will be If, the stomach la
suffered to grow weaker. / '
Dyspepsia Is such a nlsera'ble disease
that " the tendency to it 'should be given
early attention. This laf completely over-
come by '7i7V*,.
Hood's Sarsaparitla
whlchatrengthensUiewioledlsestlvesTstem,¦U mg- ETROPOL.ITAN TEMPLE was
IW /¦ comfortably filled at the meet
/b/H. ing. last night.' The exercises
I W ¦ were opened by the singing of
/ ¥ H^ select hymns under the leader
. f^*. ship of J.'M. Robinson, and an
: opening prayer by the Rev. "W.
J. Smith of Toronto. The programme lim
ited the speakers to twenty minutes each,
all of* which time was used in the giving
of practical lessons on the duties of Chris-
Subject Treated at Metropolitan Temple in' Its Relation to
• Social Conditions of Men— Practical Benevolence Is Urged
CHRIST LIFE IN THE NEW
CENTURY, LEADING THEME
'• All the eight ladles who acted as, train
bearers to the Queen on her wedding day,
sixty-three years ago, are still alive. All
save one are married. The Lad & Victoria
Howard is the one exception. >;
V Registration, of Some-Seekers.
5 ED RENO, O. T., July 19.— When . the
registration booths .closed : to-night 92,599
homeseekers had been given slips entitling
them to a chance in the drawing. To-day's
figures for El Reno were 10,339, making a
total of 70,497, while 1447 persons .regis
tered at'Lawton," bring the total for that
place up to 22,102. ' -. . " ,
]Will Teach. Parliamentary. Lav.
. CHICAGO. July 19.— Mrs. Urquart Lee
of, Chicago has accepted the chair of par
liamentary law, an addition to -the Allied
"Woman's Clubs of the University of Cali
fornia, ' established . by -.Mrs. . Phebe
Hearst. Her regular work ' will begin at
the university in. September, r- -
DESPITE the counter attractions
at Metropolitan Temple ajid the.
Alhambra, the evening session
of the Epworth League Conven
tion In the Mechanics' Pavilion
opened with an Immense throng:.
Fully 9000 people were seated
¦when the programme began. The session
took the form of a missionary mass
meeting- and was presided over by Rev.
Matt S. Hughes. D.D., of Kansas City. In
the absence of Governor A. T. Bliss of
Michigan, who was expected to preside.
The song service was led by W. C.
Btadfeld, and Rev. Samuel Plantz. D. D-,
of Appleton, Wis., led the devotions.
What Constitutes a Missionary.
Bishop Henry W. "Warren, D.D.. LL. D..
of Denver. Colo., was very impressive In
his address. He spoke in part:
The end for which this world was made and
in upheld is its . spiritual outcome. I know
it has ores to be dug. handled, emelted; I
know It has plains to be cleared, plowed, plant
ed and reaped; it has powers, steam and light
ning, to be handled and mastered; it has in
tellectual mysteries to be Bolved, and Intel
lects to be made treat by the solving; but the
one designed outcome is human character fit
to be kept forever.
There is one treat marvel in the universe,
stA only one. Th«t ls that the Son of God
carr.e out of tht infinite glory, took flesh and
Ell the worst human conditions, death in
cluded. Why did he come? 'What object T5fas
•worth the sacrifice, the insults, the agony,
the death? Did he come to develop mines,
to handle powers, to rule empires? No one,
ccr all these objects was worth his coming,
lie already had sold plenty enough to pave
the street* of tola capital, power enough to
incve the N'ew Jerusalem adorned as a bride
lor hor hueband ;• he was King of kings and
Lcrd of lords. Why come?
Livtneston In the heart of Africa, well ex
pressed it: "God had but one Son. and he was
& missionary." Ah. th«n, being a missionary
is worthy of God. To leave home, heaven,
angels, father, glory, to come to an accursed
country, to teach the ignorant, be insulted
by the proud, buffeted and killed, that is be
ing a. -ttiselocary. that is the only thing in
this vrorld worthy or God, worthy of his ut
most love. But It is not sacrifice without an
object.
He comes with succor speedy
To those who suffer wrong.
To help the poor and needy.
And bid the weak be strong.
Or as be himself put It far better: "The
eplrit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath
ecolnted me to preach the gospel to the poor;
he bath sent me to heal the broken-hearted.
to preach deliverance to the captives, and re
covering cf sight to the blind, to set at lib
erty them that are bruised, to preach the ac
ceptable year cf the Lord." Luke lv:18-19.
Every Epworthian Can Enlist.
With that conception of a raieeionary, every
Epworthlan can snllst. Not every one of these
thousands can go to Africa, India or China,
but every one can te a missionary, can have
the spirit of the Lord anoint him to preach
the gospel to th« poor, heal the broken-hearted,
and live the life "lrorthy of God.
All school teachers, all intelligent Epworth
lans vrho ar* embodiments of knowledge ac
quired and dispensed are true missionaries of
CT.ritt in this department.
Every Snndar echool teacher, mother, friend.
In private life or public, is a true missionary
of the ideal missionary who came from heaven
to earth.
Genius Is Not Required.
Christ's idea, of this world ls not a place from
which he could save out a few elect saints
and then burn up al! the rest His idea is to
establish the kingdom of heaven on earth, have.
God's will don* In every part of it as it is
In heaven have the knowledge of God cover
the earth as th» waters of- the vast Pacific
cover the sea. Wherever that kingdom is not
perfected, that will not be done as in Heaven,
that knowledge of God not so prevalent, there
he wants missionaries; in your clty^ in your
church in your borne, in your heart. It does
not require genius, ten talents, far travel, ex
clusive command of time to be one of Christ s
missionaries. Xone of the disciples had these.
It only requires an experience and fidelity.
Let the Ideal missionary commission every one
of you to-day. Let the commission reach clear
up to that of tht apoetlee. "If ye continue in
my word then are ye my disciples indeed."
Oh, Andrews, Jchns, Pauls who hear me, dls
clpleshlp has not yet been given op. Apostle
ehip <Hd not belong exclusively to the early
ages. Twelve was the limit for the Jews only.
God called Paul to be the first of the larger
college of apoetles fo the Gentiles. He now
calls out of the heavens to you. saying, "Thou,
thou art a chosen vessel unto me to bear my
name unto the Gentiles." Hear, oh hear. The
Moravians are said no support one missionary
to tvery sixty members. Let It be said that
MethodUts support one missionary to every
cut member. ' \ .
b w* < HE assemblage of Epworth
'¦ 1 1 at the Alhambra T.heater
¦ reached its climax at the evening
1 . session. Not a single seat or foot
H of standing: room on the main floor
or In the gallery was vacant. 'With
' , , the increase in attendance came
a commensurate Increase In enthusiasm
and eloquence. Each of the four speakers
delivered speeches that. sparkled with wit
and rounded periods. The only regret. of
the leaguers in the audience appeared to
be that they could not force their enter
tainers to prolong- their efforts. • '
Under a full blaze: of the. incandescent
light' the interior of the theater, decked
with flowers and streamers of the league's
colors, presented a splendid appearance. .
The evening session,, which .will -be
memorable in league annals for the elo
quence that was displayed, was well
opened with a patriotic address by Rev.
G. H. Cobbledlck, M. A., Parkhlll, On
tario. He dwelt on the topics which. are
exciting public Interest and likened the
course of the United States in the Philip
pines to the movements of England in
South Africa. He said in part: ¦
The ballot ls not a personal asset convertible
into personal interest, but it Is a puDllo trust
of power from God, to be used for the fur
therance of his kingdom. The voter ls ."the
power ordained of God" In this country mine,
for sovereignty rests with the people. Hence
it is that the Union Jack and Stars and Stripes
float, and wo believe shall float together for
the uplifting of the oppressed and the enfran
chisement of the slave^ In these democratic
lands, men are all free. and equal, on the elec
tion day at least. The need of the hour ls a.
Christian patriotism that will show that to
enter public life ls not to abandon i righteous
ness. The demand is for men of humble and
reverent spirit, who like Joshua will recognize
tha Bllent Presence, and obey the heavenly
vision. The Epworth League' exists to train
such men. Its own future will require more'
attention to its altruistic efforts. .The cross
ls calling tho organized: Christian' youth .of
these lands to a more unselfish career. The
evangelization of the world tarries for this
forward movement and 'the national life of two
great 1 peoples waits the inspiration of their
high endeavor for good citizenship. The in
fluence of the League will grow as the spec
tacular gives place to the utilitarian. The
passing of Niagara may be lamented by somo
esthetic soul, but the clamor of the. world's
needs is as deep calling unto the -deep and
from serving only scenic effect Niagara is
yielding its powers to bless America. • The
volume of Christian enthusiaim- which renders
possible this vast gathering must obey the law
of its life and yield Itself to drive the ma
chinery of the world's higher civilization along
the quivering nerves of its organic life, must
run the very heart throb of God, bearing light
to the dark places • and motive power for the
renewal of the earth in righteousness.
The Causes of Pauperism. .
Rev. J. J. N. Kenny of Modesto .Cal.
made one of the most powerful addresses
of the evening and the audience was re
luctant to let him terminate hl3 efforts
He said in part:
The causes of pauperism are various and
many. Some .of the chief are heredity, illit
eracy, indolence and Intemperance,, which Is
far more potent than we dream of. /These are
but a few causes that bring men and women
to poverty. - ' •- . \. ¦¦ '¦•'¦.- ¦ ... .
How can this problem be solved? It certainly
cannot be done by giving, which only assists
in making paupers. Social rights no less than
moral rights must • be recognized. Justice - in
the matter of wages, rent and Interest would
remedy the evils in regard to those people who
are willing to work. . ¦ ... ¦ " ..;..,
We need in this land a public opinion and
"Kill the Saloon'V was the subject : of
the address ,: delivered ..by . Rev. ., M.. • C
Hawks, • the last speaker of . the evening.
His speech was a strong argument against
intemperance ¦ and the speaker declared
that the < saloon-keepers should-' be ' made
social outcasts. He said in part: ;
I Why, them should the i saloon exist and ' be
protected? Can it compensate society for. Its
existence? It Is never; claimed for . it that
its aim ls the elevation of society. ; On- the
contrary the fortunes it has wasted. - the . homes
it has disgraced, the reputations it has ruined,
the high hopes it has destroyed, the death.lt
has engendered, the brutality, it has bred and
the men and women it has sent to prison, and
the gallows point to it as 'one of I the .world's
most accursed evils. ¦¦• Its path across society
from the first ls marked by the increase of-pov
erty, crime • and insanity and tho destruction
of virtue and happiness. Its way Is the way
to hell going down to the chambers of death.
It lives on bread, that ought to feed destitute
wives and 'little children. It sucks the best
blood of. honest toil. It is a plague, a curse,'
a blotch and a monster, covered with the blood
of ten thousand slain. It ought not to be li
censed. , I would sooner stick a Government
stamp on the nose of a mad dog and turn him
loose on the streets. And yet it is licensed, and
protected.' It ought to die instantly under- the
heel of an aroused and unescapable public In
dignation. Let us do our part to kill the sa
loon. , ¦ .••'¦> ¦¦'"¦¦ ¦•.'-. •¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ S .'.
Should Be Social Outcasts.
Rev. James M. Buckley, editor •' of ¦' the
Christian Advocate. New York City, 'was
given a hearty- reception when -he -arose
to speak on' "The ¦ Perils of - the City."
His address glittered with wit as well as
wisdom. He described the life of a young
man in a large- city. and pointed out tho
temptations which confront- him. He re
lated many amusing- personal . experiences
that helped to -explain his subject. •
social -conscience that will correct Injustice.
Every man that ls Trilling to work is entitled
to receive fair wages. "With the problem af
fecting the condition of the paupers the solu
tion is exceedingly .difficult.- ¦ In their f case
we> must resort to mercy, which Includes every
kindness and every "Consideration. 1 A sense ¦ of
personal dignity- must" be Inculcated- into-, the
minds of the paupers. The desire to own prop
erty must be created in them.
No work is successful : that stops : short". of
self" help or in placing a man In a position to'
help himself. We should go into the paupers'
homes and teach them how to live. -Tou women
should 1 take charge • of . the women of ! the • des
titute and -show them the pleasures and dig
nity of life.' And another things do not move
ypur ¦ churches ; out . into . the - outskirts and ¦ do
not keep them closed six days out of the -week,
but maintain them open and keep them'com
fortable and enticing. • -.. - , _ .
Continued From. Page One.
PRESS IS I ING WITH COLLEGES
port ant as the recognition of our brother on
earth. "We have shut up our religion In the
church too much. It must have sunlight and
exercise or It will die.
Practical Benevolence.
The Rev. E. M. Taylor of Cambridge,
Mass., discoursed on "The Christ Life in
the New Century in Practical Benevo
lence," saying m part:
Benevolence for self service must be well
organized. Distributing money does not neces
sarily relieve distress. Most alms giving la
demoralizing. Modern city associated char
ities work is corrective. Principle, not senti
mentality, should direct benevolence. System
atic benevolence must be constructive as well
as remedial. It ls not sufficient to- sti_nd on
the verge of the social cataract and pull a- few
victims out of the current. We must plant
ourselves at the sources of the stream that
make up the great current. This preventive
work Is less attractive to many people than
that of rescue work, but it has the promise of
better results. Institutions for spreading
knowledge are productive of more good than
institutions for punishin? crime. It la deeper
wisdom to shut up a gin mill than te open a
gold cure for drunkenness. Twentieth centurr
benevolence will call out a larger number of
men and women who are set upon administer
ing their fortunes during their natural lives
S?H!?.ih n Tx'f for ,,?° st mortem adjustment^
£55 ? ? y .J£"£ wllIs ,- Wea >"* 1» becoming
obedient to thlg heavenlv wisdom as never be
fore in the history of Christendom.
Z?*^*' 5, e »B lons Journalism of th« highest
class is needed, especially by Methodists, whose
fu« hi f^? r ls t 5 e dlsus<s of tha Pecullarl
rial dl " clp i l y a 2, d the Snoring of spe
:nhS ri tVh^ri, the resultant io3s
The Religious Paper.
The j function of the religious paper U to be
a mediator between the past and the present
stimulating the aged who are prone to llv
only In the past and to add knowledge to "hi
zeal and guide the efforts of youthful inexpe
rience, and at the same time to support by
arguments and precedents drawn from history
and from facts of present observation, the men
and women neither young nor old who are the
real horse3 of the denominational chariot The
real leaders of the true church are Invisible •
those spiritual forces symbolized by what thi
young man saw when the Lord opened his eyes
and he saw and beheld the mountain was full
of horses and chariots of fire around about EH
sha.
It Is practical wisdom for Eprworth I>aguera
as well as for all others to- read only the- clean.
est dally papers attainable; to skip In them
what falls below their usual level; neither to
purchase nor read a dally paper on Sunday and
to support and read the journals of their' own
denomination: then with the study of the Bl
ble and helps to Its understanding and gen
eral reading they will be thoroughly furnished
for every, good word and work in church and
state.
lip-worth. League
Visitors will find at Sanborn & Vail'g. 7«
Market street, between Third and Fourth,
the best line of California souvenirs ami
postal cards, stationery, fancy leather
goods, camera supplies and park and city
views to be had anywhere. All members
of the Epworth League and their friends
cordially invited to •visit the store of San
bcrn. Vail & Co.. whether wishing to pur
chase or not. •
. A steady diet of sulphur and molasses
Is said to be a perfect protection against
mosquito bites. The insect is declared to
be antagonistic to - the atmosphere that
surrounds a person who indulges In that
method of driving the Impurities of hla
blood to the surface.
tians in this, the twentieth, century.
The Rev. "W. J. Smith of Toronto made
use of the time allotted to him in laying
down the', lines for church members to
follow. In \ keeping with those of the
founder of Christianity. - - .
Professor Edwin Mlms of Durham. N.
C, spoke on the theme of "Christ in the
Literature of tbo Twentieth Century." He
said in part:
There was a tlma, when Christ was the sub
ject of art and literature; the pre-Raphaelites
in art, and Dante in poetry formed in the
Christian religion the most beautiful and tru
est art. • ••-¦;.. • ¦
But the Christ' of medieval art lacks human
ity, lacks richness. . With the triumph of the
renaissance and the • reformation ¦ has come a
new sen»e of the 'value of humanity and the
dignity of " human reason. J We are bediming
to see with- Phillips Brooks, however, that the
interpretation of all modern movements is
found in the human and divine Christ.
Christ Life in New Century.
The Rev. F. T. Keeney of Auburn. N.
T., spoke entertainingly on "The Christ
LJfe in the New Century." He said in
brief:
Social problems and relations are constantly
becoming, more complex. The great need for
their solution . in j this ;or in i any country is
Christ— the Christ love, the Christ vision, the
ear attention . of > the [ people. " but that alone
never saved a soul or comforted one. It is
heart attention that Is necessary." "While. I
was musing the fire burned." If persons were
compelled to read the Sunday paper and did it
unwillingly they might Indeed go to' the house
of God and by reaction be well prepared "for
worship, but if . they read with avidity they
go there preoccupied, prefllled and apathetic or
antagonistic ¦
Newspapers Help the Church. -
Oh. yes, the newspapers help the church
much; so far as. the. press supports morality,
order and good government, J t serves.lt much,
it publishes many sermons, presents the facts
of religious progress, advertises services, ad
mits and makes useful criticisms, promotes
wide and general spiritual movements, ren
ders much aid by collecting: and disseminating
religious news, often spreads the worthy fame
of useful ministers,, reports the proceedings of
ecclesiastical bodies; holds up to deserved rid
icule purely sensational preachers, quack evan
gelists and gross superstitions and for all of
this the church thanks It. but the church can
not consistently thank the press for the Sunday
newspaper. :
The religious press is necessary to give spe
cial, extended and accurate reports of all re
ligious matters and. a summary, of the news
suitable for Christian famnles: to defend Chris
tianity against atheism, infidelity. ¦ spiritualism,"
theosophy, Christian Science and.Mormonlsm,
and when necessary Protestantism against Ro
manism, evangelical Christianity against the
barren negations of those who deny the detty
of Christ and the subtle : suggestions of ¦ those
who whisper, in the sinner's ear the modern
version of the tempter's Insinuation.- "You shall
have as good as and perhaps a better chance
to reform after, death than before": and to
explain to each generation the principles of the
denomination, also the religious Journal and
it alone can properly characterize its pioneers,
heroes and spiritual leaders, and preserve rev
erence for those who have laid the foundations.
It Is " far more important now than ever it
was. The enterprises of the church are great-
them are within its borders. These are they
who evaporate or congeal the blood of the
atonement and spread doubt whether Christ
knew, the true meaning or proper application of
the very passages on which he relied to Drove
himself the Messiah. There is much ] indiffer
ence, growing parish Isolation, decline of de
nomlnatlonaliam, and an itching for a kind
of union which.' gives everything, and 'receives
¦ i :¦: -;••.¦._•? . ¦'¦-...'.
CHARACTERISTIC SCENES ILLUSTRATING THEMES EXPOUNDED BY EPWORTH LEAGUE ORATORS.
. Will delegates who read this notice kindly
see that other delegates are reminded of the
Importance of this meeting? • ¦
E. T. CQLTOX, Chairman Committee. '
In addition to the names on the printed pro
gramme. Bishop Joyce, Dr. Berry and Dn
Bashford are expected to be present to address
the conference. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . • -
A representative gathering of young
people took place yesterday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock In the art gallery of the. Fa-,
vilion. It consisted of a leaguer I from
each State represented in the convention.
Chairman Colton outlined the work he
expected them to do, which is to interest
and secure the attention ¦ .of every dele-
gate to the missionary exhibit. As the
year to come is to be devoted to missions
he desires the visitors to take as. much
information home as possible. Later he
issued the following appeal:
ALL, DELEGATES TAKE NOTTfcE.
Since mission is to be the chief work of the
Epworth League for the coming year, It is
strongly urged, that as many as possible of
the delegates from each State be present at the
special missionary conference that is to be
held in the main body of Mechanics' Pavilion
at 9 o'clock Saturday morning. At least one
delegate from every district,, and if possible
one from every chapter, should be present to
note carefully the new plans that will be pre
sented there. ' .~;^->.v--.
Second, we ought to go, for we owe all of
our civilization to Christianity. Under the old
civilization three-fourths of the--people were
slaves,: murder was made a pastime, debauch
ery was reduced to a science, suicide was ele
vated to an art, infanticide was installed as
a domestic virtue. But Christianity came and
waved her wand over those pagan institutions
and one by one they disappeared, so that to
night, with all its defects, the British and
American civilization form the high tide mark
in the history of the world. No slave crouches
beneath the shsdow of those flags and wherever
they float human life and liberty are secure.
The session closed with a.song and ben
ediction. .
YOUNG PEOPLE
FROM THE EAST
command to "Go." We should go first be
cause It is easier for us to eo than it -was
for those to whom the command was first
given. It is easier for Bishop Taylor to reach
the banks of the Congo than for Paul to reach
the banks of the Tiber. It is easier to win the
FiJIs from the degradation of cannibalism than
It was to woo the cultured Athenian from the
worship of the beautiful.
The genius of the gospel comes out in that
Grand "Work of Christianity.
After a song by the North Indiana Con
ference quartet the Rev. James Hender
son. D. D., of Toronto, Canada, delivered
an -Interesting address. In which he said:
"What is the scriptural sanction? In the
Sermon on the Mount, immediately following
the Beatitudes, which state the blessedness of
the missionaries, the Master Introduces in a
double figure the necessity, the universability
and the Instruments of the work*. "Ye are the
light of the world; ye are the salt of the
earth." The church is a mission celestial in
origin and equipment, in the midst of a popu
lation foreisrn and estranged. Missionary
means' undivided and unabating enthusiasm
and eagerness, unceasing and undelaying dili
gence, in carrying his gospel of deliverance
and • blessedness to his toiling brothers who
likewise are our own. The apostle to the na
tions in the first chapter of his greatest let
ter to the central church of the empire states
his missionary obligation, his missionary pre
paration for and his flawless missionary in
strument. - "I am- debtor: I am ready; I am
not ashamed of the gtispel of Christ."
St. Paul's doctrine is certainly that of elec
tion, but It is an election to service, an elec
tion of preparation for service and an election
of adequate equipment for its accomplishment.
St. John, gathers ud the divine motive, ini
tiatf&n and^ sacrifice, the sublime and unique
character of the missionary, the substance and
requirement of his gospel and Its world-wide
intent and provision in a single unmatched
verse of his own unequaled record: "God so
loved the world that he gave his only begot
ten son that whosoever belleveth in him. might
not perish, but have everlasting- life."
The Church, a Mission.
Missions are the mind and might of the Mas
ter multiplied into the mass and multitude of
men who measure life by the meaning of his
mediations.
The Rev. John J. Tigert, L.L. D., of
Nashville. Term., then delivered the fol
lowing address:
The Park sisters next favored the audi
ence ¦with a cornet eolo and ¦were encored.
"The Lost Chord" and "Take Me, Oh, My
Father" were their selections.
It - Is very ' superficial ¦ to say - that if there
were' a live man in the . pulpit he could soon
get the people's attention, no matter what they
wereT thinking:' of when they came. True
enough,' a live man can get the head, eye and
¦ ¦'¦¦.¦'¦ .r. i •' '. '..-.¦ ¦ . :'-.i . '¦¦ ¦ -. ¦
. " One of the chief foes to the progress of Chris
tianity as a spiritual. institution and a reformer
and molder of each generation is the Sunday
paper as It is. Should a Sunday paper be pub
lished Is one .' question. Should such a paper
as the Sunday paper now is in size and tn some
particulars of . character of contents be read
by Christians or admitted to their families on
Sunday. Is' another question. Are spiritual
things of • such . a nature that no spiritual
preparation is necessary for their reception and
profitable consideration? i Is the man who
takes, up the Sunday paper and divides it
among the I members . of his family before or
after his late breakfast acting in harmony with
any known -law of human nature of mind or
heart, that. is, if he wishes to derive spiritual
benefit from the sanctuary? To fill the mind
with business, news, fashions, accounts" of
theatrical • performances of. the night before,
scandal, party • politics, comicalities, eccen
tricities and grave discussion, is this to pre
pare to draw near to • God ' and seek the light,
of: his countenance? Instead of this, such per
sons are doing what ¦ they can to deter them
selves ' and "! others, . especially young people,
from attending church, or if present in body
to cause them to be absent in sulrlt.;
. But • the . church in ¦ Its highest work ' often
finds the newspaper helping it greatly with
one hand, and holding back or crowding: Vit
aside even more greatly with the other. Its
too detailed, graphic 'and often almost sala
cious delineations of ' sin, vice and crime; its
witticisms; in treating the more solemn things
of rellglon.Mlfe. death and the future; Us flip
pant references to suicides; its reporting with
greater fullness the sayings of pulpit buffoons
and eccentrics than those of wise, well bal
anced and reverend pastors; its art vine much
more space to heterodox than to orthodox ser
mons; its making more conspicuous the utter
ances ¦ of faddists and fanatics and the ex
crescences and exuberant exclamations of the
uncultivated ¦ than the deep religious feeling
which . cannot be concentrated in a headline,
and ' more prominence to the sneers and asser
tions of : infidelity, than to the answers to its
allegations, . and giving more attention to
church dissensions than to its harmonies, cre
ate an atmosphere of indifference to, or distrust
of. Christianity that is hard to overcome.-
Speaking generally what the press does for
the public^includlnff the ' church— in the dls
semlnatlon/of Information, in unifying: public
sentiment and arousing it and bringing it to
bear to remedy . wrongs, expose abuses and to
drag .. into light insidious vices which perish
when known abroad; In concentrating public
attention on unpunished crime, and • revealing
the fitness or unfltess of candidates for office,
cannot ' be overestimated.
How It Aids the Public.
, Above these is a largre class which in some
particulars and on some occasions dips to their
level.; but aim to be and usually are far above
them. These are a strange mixture of high
toned i editorials, demoralizing advertisements
and personal columns. The highest stratum,
of which . every large city contains at least
one and often several, which are not to be
criticised adversely excepts by monks of the
order of La Trappe or those Protestants who
know' nothing of the world, or believe that
nothing short of absolute perfection should be
tolerated. -..'. , I
by marriage or blood of persons guilty or even
only accused, of crime. This is the class of
papers that Dickens Justly satirized . under the
immortal names of the "Morning Scourge" and
the- "Etanswill Gazette." This class of papers
Is, In the . minority, but In every denomination
there. are some members who are i the most
greedy readers of these papers and mora that
advertise in them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LL; SATURDAY^^
NOTEWORTHY EVENING MEETINGS OF LEAGUE
Distinguished Divine Urges United Action by Christian Workers in Aiding Common
Cause in Which the Church Is Engaged, and by Which the Gospel Is to Be Spread
BISHOP HENRY W. WARREN OUTLINES
BEST PLANS FOR MISSIONARY WORK
Christ life. Christ did not recognize our pres
ent division of society Into the upper, the lower
and the middle clashes. In his sight every man
by right belonged to the upper class. The
church can profitably spend less time hi look
ing Into the grave and less time In Idly gazing
up Into heaven, and more In looking* for living
men. Its problem Is with life. Christ did not
have as much to say about the kingdom of
heaven beyond the grave as of the kingdom of
heaven which Is here and now. He did not
speak of wings and harps and golden streets,
but of forgiveness, unselfishness and love. The
recognition of friends in heaven is not as im-
3MASON MA r SURPASS BIG SCORE
HERETOFORE MADE BY STRECKER
yi NO f HER strong candidate for regal shooting honors has
ufl come forward in the Third National Bundes Festival. To
F. E. Mason of San Francisco is left the chance to surpass
Adolph Strecker's phenomenal record and win for himself,
the greatest national rifle honor that can be bestowed upon any [^
American. Mason shot yesterday zvith a consistency that almost ,
took the breath of the spectators. Should he repeat his perform
ance of yesterday he. will be a king of kings.
NEW STRONG CANDIDATE FOR HONORS IN THE KING SHOOT APPEARS. SCENES OF LADIES' DAT AT SHELL
MOUND DURING THE CELEBRATION OF THE THIRD NATIONAL BUNDES FESTIVAL NOW. UNDER FULL
SAIL AND PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE LADIES* SCHUETZEN CLUB. , .
Warfleld and staff are expected to attend,
and will be received by President Kuhla
and the officers of the National Bund.
The executive and staff officers will be
entertained at a banquet. The officers of
the bund are eager to show their appreci
ation of the. support that has been given
the festlv.il by the State officials. • who
have provided funds for the purchase of
thf> silver wreaths which go with tho first
prize on each of the principal targets.
Medici, G. L. '"Vaught. S. Helno, Jacob Grueh
ler, Sacramento; Frank .Koch, T>. W. King
Jr.. N. Ahrens. Charles F. Thlerbach, L. Bar
rere, H. R. Brown. D. B. Faktor, John Horst
mann. Louis Brune, John Peters, Joseph Fur
rer. George Rlchmuller, George H. Bahrs, E.
Woenne, F. Hagemann, P. M. Ferguson, A.
Mocker. C. Weggenmann, Homer Elliott. Paul
Brunette, C. M. Dalss, C. Peach, John Utschig,
A. Gehiet.
John Utschig finished his 200 shots on
tho king targets with a score of 355.
H. M. Pope of Massachusetts,, who is
regarded as one of the best shots In the
United States, made 72 on the ring target
and 63 on the honorary. . •:•¦; ¦ ..
August Jungblut, treasurer of -the
Bundes Fest, tried, his hand at the man
target yesterday and made 76 points,
which gives him rank with the winne/s.
MANY KEW TVTA-RKSlffiEBr ' '
WTLL TRY FOB PBIZES
The following sharpshooters who ar
rlvedT.late, but in time to take part in the
contests, registered yesterday: '.
L. P. Hansen, Zettler Rift"/ Club, Jersey City/
N. J.' •
Lewis E. Aubury. Los Angeles Sharpshooters,
Los Angeles. • v : -• ¦ , ¦
J. Molano, Garden City Rifle Club, Chicago,.
E.R. Jeffrey, Azuza Rifle Club, Azuza, Cal.
F. N. Scofleld, Turner Schuetzen, San Diego,
C&I. . '... ' - . m '
W. A". Frlck. , Germania Turnverein Schuet
zen. Los Angeles. -
William Hayes, Independent New York
Schuetzen, Newark, N. J.
L. P. Ittel, flroquols . Rifle Club, Allegheny.
Pa. .¦'..¦¦'...¦ i ¦
Louis Broehm. Pittsburg Rifle Club, Pitts
burg, Pa. . . • ' :¦ . .
Albert Hoefllch, California ' Schuetzen Club,
San Rafael. ......
Fred H. Bangs, San Jose Shooting Society.
San Jose. ¦ ... . ?. ¦ „- ... . - .
James ¦ Busfleld, Massachusetts - Rifle Club.
Haverhlll, Mass. ¦
D.- Singer, Germania Turner Schuetzen, Los
Angeles. . . . . -
B. Kestner." Iroquols Rifle Club, Pittsburg,
Pa. . . . -- . - ¦
William Hasenzahl. Cincinnati Rifle Associa
tion, ¦ Cincinnati, Ohio. • ¦ ' ¦ • .-.
. M. Gindele, Cincinnati Rifle Association Cin
cinnati, Ohio. .
E. D.' Payne, Cincinnati Rifle Association,
Cinelnnnatl; Ohio. ¦ ' •• ; ¦ '
¦ Sylvatn Trounstine, Cincinnati Rifle Associa
tion, Cincinnati, Ohio. s 1 . - _-" - •
Alfred atelier, St. Louis Independent Schuet
zen Verein, St. Louis, Mo. •¦' ' ¦••¦¦•¦
Fritz Gourl, Marin County Rifle Club.' San
Rafael. - . , . -•-.:. rT«
R. Klnselle. Marln County Rifle ' Club, San
Rafael." - ¦ ¦¦ -. -
J. G. DIHln, Philadelphia Rifle Association,
Radnoe. Pa. ; ' : : .
; Theodor Medici, San ' Jose Rifle . Club, ' San
j Jose. . •¦ ' -¦.¦¦" '_ :
ed freely on- t.He" style and evident com
posure with which she handled the rifle.
For Mrs. Pape to make a 24-point shot un
der these conditions meant that she would
rank with the best of the shooters. But
she was affected greatly by the knowledge
that she was ths cynosure of all eyes and
gave way to a nervous attack. When she
finally pulled the trigger her aim had
been destroyed, and the best she scored
was eleven. Mrs. Pape waa entitled to
another shot, and though she made a
great effort she could not steady her
nerves. Her third was a little better than
the ac-cond, and the secretary registered
15 against her name, giving her a total of
50 points. She beat Mrs. Mannell, the first
woman to try for honors, by six . points',
and came within two points of her hus
band's record on the same target.
MANY \ HIGH . SCORES , ABE
MADE BY THE RIFLEMEN
| The- highest scores for the day, on the
principal targets were:
Man target —August Jungblut, 76; M. Breuss,
74; John TJ*Bchig, : 71.
Bear 1 target— E. D. Payne, Cincinnati, .10.
i Standard— F. P. Schuster, 47.
' Ring, target— J. Hauerwaas, Los Angeles. 71.
¦ Eureka— W. W. Teager, Colorado, 66; C. J.
Barnes. Pope-Ramsey Rifle Club, Colorado, 65;
C. A. Shafer, Pueblo, 65; H. R. Brown, San
Francisco, 65; Homer Elliott, Denver, 64;
Charles F. : Thlerbach, San Francisco, 64.
The first bullseye in the morning was
made by Frank E.-Mason. - John Utschig
scored the. last one; of the. day. ,
T- William Ehrenpiort, the veteran rifle
shot; did excellent .work yesterday and
scored three poirits more than he required
to -win a gold medal.- ¦ '.- .:•*.-' t*Z*.
.The. prizes awarded yesterday were as
follows: • •> : .'•.; '.' :
Silver cups— R. Gute, 'New York; E. Berg,
Davenport, Iowa; William Hayes, New Jersey;
"U • P.- ¦ Hansen, - Jersey City; W. Hasenzahl,
Cincinnati;'. F. N. Bcofield, San Diego; J.
Meyer, Sacramento; A. Breuss, Louis Bendel,
Co- Meyer, A. Mocker, Jonn Utschlff, F. C.
Roes, New York; A. Gehret./
Gold medals— William Hayes. New ' Jersey;
E.- F.-rUchter, • Milwaukee; • M. Gindele. Cin
cinnati; C. A. Shafer, Colorado; M. C. Ram-
Bey, Colorado; F. C. Ross, Lh-Nogel, New York;
W. ; Hasenzahl. Cincinnati; J.. C. Hudelson,
Colorado; E. Berckmann. New -York;. Sylvain
Trounatine. Cincinnati; E. D.- Payne. Cincin
nati;' B.:D. Neff,- Lob -'Angeles; John ' Gef ken.
John Young, Otto X<emcke; J. Fetz Jr., F. C.
Rosa.' New York; George Mannell, R.- Stettin,
William F.Garmes, William Ehrenpfort, Fred
Brandt J. D. Feldormanri,. H. Enge,-' ChaHea
F. ThleTbach,' D. B. Faktor, Henry. Meyer. A.
Bertelsen. Edward Hovey. .^
i Silver- medals— H. M. Pope, Massachusetts;
K. D. Payne, Cincinnati; T. R. Geisel, Massa
chusetts; R. Gute. New York; 4 H. Huppert. O.
Imdortt, Frank Fay. A.. F. - Goetze,. Theodor
Lake Tahoe and Return.
Very* low ' season round _trip tickets ..to'
Lake Tahoe from San Francisco, Oakland, 1
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jose, Stockton,
Sacramento. Marysville, Napa, , Santa
Rosa, 'Woodland. - ¦ Friday ' to 'Tuesday ,'¦
round trip from Ban Francisco only $10.80.'
Literature nearest agent or at 613 Mar-'
ket street. "• ' . :.- --''
"No significance Is attached to this fete;
so far as I am concerned. I did some
thing, similar five years ago, only on a
much smaller scale. I thought this would
be good for the Unionist party, effectively
prove its cohesion and the concord which
prevails in the party and. also give 1 the
leaders a chance of personally thanking
their agents and workers; so I asked them
all to come to Blenheim." ;. •
The Duke of Marlborough is not going;
to the United States' and has not the
faintest idea of succeeding: Lord Mlnto
as Governor "General of Canada; he char
acterized both " reports aa - utterly un^
founded. . . , • • 'i.
10, one of the largest political demonstra
tions of recent times. . Its object is to
celebrate the third Unionist victory to
the elections. ; Three thousand delegates
from the Conservative and Liberal-Union
ist associations throughout the country
will 1 be. present, while, the gathering will
number in all about 7000. Balfour and
Chamberlain will make addresses and the
Duke of Marlborough will preside.
The Duchess of Marlborough will en
tertain this great throng at luncheon in
a huge tent especially erected upon .the
historic grounds. All the Unionist mem
bers of the House of Commons have been
invited. The palace will be ouened for
public inspection, and, in "fact, 'Blenheim
will be en fete as it has not been for
many years. ' - ; ¦ *
A distinguished house.party will follow,
several of the most prominent persons
present remaining until the end of tho
week. Among the features of the fete
will be a recital upon the celebrated organ
In the long library, boating upon the lake
and band music during the entire day.
The Duke of Marlborough said to a news
paper fnan: ' ; •' ' •
. "V
Mrs. Ed Aigeltinger, vice president and
chairman; Mrs. J. Thodc* past president;
Mrs. L. Bauer, president; Mrs. Georpre
Bahrs, Mrs. F. Rathjens. Mrs. J.- I).
Heise, secretary; Mrs. J. Platt, Mrs. M.
To Mrs. Ed Aigeltlnger and her* lady
assistants the success of the banquet was
due.. The lady members present were:
shooting monarch. Then Strecker will be
naught but a record breaker.
Firm of hand, sharp and sure of eye.
Mason shot six of. the last eleven tickets
left him. He also tried the honorary tar
get, scoring in two shots 24 and 25. This
is phenomenal shooting and as a test
places Mason among the champion rifle
men of the world. "When the marker
wheeled the register to 24 the first time
Mason shot on the Eureka target, the
news trailed around the shooting, section
like Ignited powder. Strecker's name fall
ing from the lips of shooters and specta
tors suddenly congealed. Mason had
scored 49 out of BO while he shot from the
glass case, the "sweat box" which makes
the most expert, keen and iron men trem
ble and shake like an overworked earth
quake. Then they realized — those men
who have their eyes on the prizes— that
Mason was a dangerous foe, full of re
source and ability. So they took to count
ing Mason tickets for the king shoot.
Mirablle dictu, it was discovered that Ma
son had an average of 19*4 out of 150 shots.
Fifty more trials are all that he is al
lowed for regal honors. The last six tick
ets he shot yesterday averaged 22 points.
Should he be able to repeat that perform- ¦
ance any time before the festival is passed
he will put the blanket over Adolph
Strecker and receive the crown without
the peradventure of a doubt.
Mason is the blunt, cold, broadly nerved
: sort of man who rarely goes to pieces
| when "the work is heavy and the stakes
big. More than that, he possesses a fe
cund confidence in himself. He 'quit yes
terday ¦when the labor of the day and the
excitement seemed wearing. The crowds
grew thicker and thicker in the ranges
and the Ehooter was put to the necessity
of waiting some little time before the op
portunity of rifle work, was presented.
This is the reason Mason did not shoot
his string out. He will' in all probability,
do so to-day, as his friends axe all anxious
for him to complete his score. They burn
with curiosity v over what is to be. And
now the question ie, Will It be Strecker or
Mason? . • •
LADIES . ENTEBTADT
5 IN VARIOUS WAYS
.The Schuetzen Ladies Club floated an
advance agent for their festival day when
they first began thiir ¦ preparations , for
this special occasion.' rlJouls Haake'was
taken Into consultation - and he gave out
In formal phrase and much tapping of
chest that the ladles would outdistance
every .effort.' made by the men. Subse
quent happenings bullded a foundation
for eternal truthful prognostication on
the part -.of Secretary Haake. -
Ladies' day was- a success — every part
of it, morning noon and night hours.
J The festivities were formally begun
during . a . postponed lunch hour with a
banquet to the officers of the National
Bundes and the representatives of the
press. In the shade of the trees the
Schuetzen ladies, the Bundes officials and
the newspaper men sat down to a ban
quet perfect in every detail. President
Kuhls acted as toastmaster until called
to the ranges by exacting duties, when he
was relieved by J. D.-Helse. The Rhine
wine gurgled out of the long neck bottles,
speeches were delivered in two different
languages between courses and all -left
the banquet board happy "in spirit and
Jo-ful In mood. *
During the ; afternoon the ladies enter
tained their friends in their o'wn arbor
with a "koffee platsch," which in Eng
lish means coffee, cakes. and gossip. This
was as pronouncedly successful as the
banquet. As a fitting climax to the day's
festivities came the ball in the evening.
The pavilion and grounds, studded with
electric lights, the arbors decorated and
adorned with glowing lanterns, the dance
music" and a general Teutonic warmth of
life as an accompaniment . made, more
than a fitting climax to the most .success
ful, day of. the fest; since its inception.-
FORMER SCHXTBTZEN" , KINO. *
MAKES A. GOOD SCORE
F. C. Ross; who won the title, of schuetz
en k]ing in 1886 at the first schuetzen bund
and from whom King Hayes wrested the
laurels in 1898, tried his nerve in the "glass
sweatbox" yesterday. He shot remarka
bly well considering that he hadnotused
a gun for some time. His score for ten
shots on one ticket was 26 out" of a possi
ble 30. which tied the best score made by
Strecker on any one ticket. He followed
that up with two strings of 25 each. He
made ah average of over two on his last
IK shots/ and has still thirty of his U00
shots left. . He does not expect to equal
Streckcr, but will finish! with a very,
handsome record. r$ ..•••-•
* Ross is 'one of the most expert riflemen
in the country, and many, of the sharp
shooters present at the festival contend
that despite Strecker's wonderful score
the ex-king still has a chance to mn the
crown. • .
MBS A. I H. PAPE TRIES
FOR FESTIVAL HONORS
The second woman to. try her skill 'at
the. butts during the course of the festival
was . Mrs. Pape, I the wife of "Boy Won
der" A. H. Pape. Had she not suffered
greatly from nervousness she ; would have
tied her husband's score and caused her
self to be reckoned as one of the best
shots «bf the festival. Mrs. Pape fired
three shots at the honorary target yes-,
•terday and had her ticket punched for 50
points. She made. 24 points on her first
shot- Many marksmen who for 1 years
past have been facinglthe butts and have
never scored a dead center on an honorary
target • crowded around the "sweatbox '
and watched l*ie plucky little woman at
tempt to wrest honors from them. As she
dropped the muzzle of her gun into her
left hand and took an aim for her second
shot they opened their eyes and comment- ;
Joost, Mrs. F. Koch, treasurer; Mrs. F.
Maass; Mrs. H. Doscher, Mrs. F. Hage
man, Mrs. E. Goetze, past president; Mrs.
F. Schuster, Mrs. P. H. Cranz, Mrs. Gus
Schwartz, Mrs. John Bolts and Mrs. John
Hartman.
- ¦
Duke of Marlborough to
Entertain the Poli
ticians.
LONDON. July 19-— The Duke of Marl
borough Is about to appear In a new role.
There will occur at Blenheim Palace, -the
Duke's eeat. Woodstock;' Oxford, August
. •. . ..* i- - ' "¦ — ~ '-"
fe-rfsaHE sixth day of the third National
I Bundes festival was the Joint
I property of the Schuetsen Ladles
1L and F. E. Mason of the San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein. The la
dies ruled socially. Sharpshooter Mason
was the filg man at the targets.
Shell Mound was In a bustle yesterday
from the time when the eager and keen
eyed marksmen filed into the shooting
boxes until a late hour last night when
the music In the pavilion died a- slow
home-sweet-home death and the dancers
Ftrecmed out into the night air, hurrying
and scurrying for the trains that carried
them cityward. It was ladies' day, and
¦what a day It was! Even Sunday* the Ini
tial and inaugural day, was like flat cham
pagne compared to the celebration
which the Schuetzen ladies undertook and
carried <^ut successfully. The park,
crowded with merrymakers, all alive to
the Bltuation and full of the holiday spirit,
was a scene of effervescent life. Music,
dancing, laughter, toasting, all went hand
In hand. No tameness, no lagging interest
in the day's festivities was apparent any
where, and when the incandescent lights
blazed and glistened In the trees after
nightfall the park resounded with the Joy
ful and happy sounds of a people who
were at peace with the world and who
knew how to celebrate a national festival
occasion.
ETSW CANDIDATE FOB
HONORS OF KE1TGSHIP
This happened during the afternoon and
evening. In the morning while, the crowds
began collecting the sputtering fire on the
ranges kept up its steady punctuation hour
after hour. Adolph Strecker was on the
lips of all. The most possible ping of the
ehooting Xest was the talked about per-
Bonage. ' Was there anybody on the
grounds who could beat him? More than
one asked this question and prejudgment
had it strong: for the negative. A score of
3J»4 on the point target surpassed! Impos
sible! It couid not be! So Strecker was
undisturbed in the prospective kingship,
without a pretender or a contestant.
But this unalloyed belief in Strecker re
ceived slow but steady shocks later in the
day. A. dark horse is developing on the
ranges, and even Adolph Strecker, . phe
nomenal shooter that he is, may be forced
to ewallow his boast and doff his hat and
genuflect with full obeisance to one who
Is shooting: - In demoniac fashion. F". E.
Mason is the man. A ¦ continuation of
luck, a consistency of performance and a
sustention of nerve on Mason's part will
unking the man who was never king but
whose visions of the Investments of regal
sheeting were so lifelike and generally
real as to preclude all possible chance of
a mishap.
MASON MAY SURPASS
ETRECKER'S FINE RECORD
Mason is the man who may steal the
un* on kinpshlp from Strecker. When the
ranges were deserted on Thursday even-
Ing Strecker was In common opinion a
t hooting marvel, a man who had sounded
all the depths and shoals of target work
and had achieved a success and renown
far beyond the glory ever attained by a
local marksman. One other in the Shell
Mound ranges Is there is to contest the
suddenly assumed rights of ¦ Adolph
Strecker. If the sun of chance shines on
F. B. Mason to-day he will be the next
BLENHEIM'S DOOR
WILL BE OPEN
will take place on August 14. ' Official con
firmation of a report to this effect was
received by the State Department . to-day
from Special Commissioner % Rockhill,
whose dispatch as made public by Acting
Secretary Hill reads as follows:'
'.;': "The diplomatic. «orps at Peking Is en
gaged in considering; the -Russian' pro
posals "for the eventual 'increase" of .the
tariff (maritime customs). A solution of
the problem is hoped for. The indemnity,
fixed at 450,000,000 taels and 4 per cent in
terest, hag been formally accepted and
Japan has waived preferential treatment.
The' formal surrender of Peking to the
Chinese authorities' is expepted to take
place on August 14." ; ,'"'•" ¦ ¦
. It was. reported this afternoon that the
court would immediately. return, to Pck-
ing, but the officials stated that no such
Information had reached them from Pek
ing.. The department- Is anxious, that -the.
court shall return as speedily as possible,*
believing that the effect will. be' to 'hasten"
the termination of negotiations. ¦ The fact
that the Ministers have resumed the dls •
Military : Forces Will De
!. J part Prom China's
Capital. i
t CALL ; BUREAU, 1406" O \ STREET, S3
W.';'- WASHINGTON, ' July .19.— The formal
evacuation of Peking by. the allied troops
With the' exception of the legation guards
POWERS READY
FOR EVACUATION
Milton Bedell. Pittsburg Rifle Association,
Duquesne. Pa.
: F. j. Ruhstaller, Helvetia Rifle Club, Sacra
mento.
FAKTOR COMMENTS ON
STRECKER'S GREAT FEAT
D. B. Faktor, who, up to the. time of
Strecker's marvelous display of > marks
manship, was looked upon as a probable
winner of the kingly honors, in speaking
yesterday of the wonderful prowess dis
played by the world's greatest shot, said:
"Strecker's performance, ending Thurs
day, was the most marvelous target work
ever known in America. His present
score has proved that my estimate of him
¦was correct. The reason I formed such an
opinion of him is that he is the coolest of
all' the marksmen I have ever seen. His
score of 394, twenty-one higher than the
highest record previously known, will
stand for many years, probably for a cen
tury, perhapg^f or all time."
Faktor is well competent to give an.
opinion. He is rated as one of the great
est all-round target marksmen In the
world. He has attended and participated
in all the great shooting contests for the
last twenty years. One notable thing
about his style of shooting ia that he aims
with both eyes. One week before the
opening ot^Jthe festival, in a practice
shoot, he made sixteen straight bullseyes
on the same style of target which
Strecker punctured with such unerring
aim.
Judge Bahrs, -who is a good rifle shot
said yesterday, in reference to Strecker's
wonderful performance: "If the rifle had
been securely screwed in a vise it could
not have hit the small black center at a
distance of 600 feet v more than 197 times
out of the 200 shots fired, because some
allowance must be made even for varia
tion In the ammunition, some difference
in the loading of the shell, atmospheric
changes and other conditions." •
To-day is California day, and is to be
devoted to the team shooting of the teams
of- the National Guard of California, the
University Cadet Corps and the Policl
Departments. Governor Gage and staff
the State officials. Major General Dick
inson . and staff and. Brigadier General
eussion of the lndemn/ty question is grati
fying, and Rockhllf statement that thev
have agreed upon a limit of 430,000,000 taels
Is accepted- as establishing the" decision
that no additional claims for an increa-e
of indemnities will be presented by any
Takahlra. the Japanese Minister, called
at the State Department to-day. He gave
Acting Secretary Kill to understand that
Japan, anxious .to effect an early settle
ment, will not object to a moderate- inl
crease of the customs duty. After this/
feature of the indemnity question is tiia
posed of, arrangements will -have to &
made^for an issue by China of the neces
sary bonds -This, however, can be speedl
!ly attended to.- The only question re
main ng will be that of -commercial
treaties and each power will re^se Us
own convention with China •
TIENTSIN, July 19.— Considerable' tin
easiness Is felt here following the resumn
of the city. The natives are cutting th*
telegraph lines outside; of Tientsin 8 - and
fears . of further violence are entertained.
WHILE SCHUETZEN LADIES CELEBRATE
NEW CHAMPION LEAPS INTO VIEW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURD.AY; JULY 20, 1901.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vifoasen Tfew
"I suffered from female weakness for five
months," writes Miss Belle Hedrick, of
Nye, Putnam Co., W. Va. "I was treated
by a good physician but ke did me no good.
I wrote to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo,
N.Y., for advice, which I receivedrtellintr
me to take his 'FAVORITE PRESCRIP-
TION.* - When I had us«d the medicine a
month my health was much improved. It
has continued to improve until now I can
work at almost all kinds of house-work. I
had scarcely any appetite, but it is all
right now. Have gained several pounds in
weight. I would advise all who suffer from
chronic diseases to write to Dr. Pierce."
It MakesOur city's guests are cordially Invited to
visit the art rooms and gallery of paint
ings at S. & O.Gump Co., 112 Geary at. *
SANTA CRUZ. July IS.— Emil Lucia An r
selmo, a 16-year-old Italian, received fatal
burns several days ago at her borne near
here while starting a fire with kerosene,
dying to-day. , ; tVf?
Starts Fire With Kerosene.
Bobby Grennan of the band was surprised by
his playmates this afternoon. Bobby is devoted
to the fair sex and while entertaining: them ha
was seized and properly blackened. '"Hand
some Jeemes" Toohy suffered a like experi
ence. •-.¦-.
J. A. Catania of the hospital corps received
a box this afternoon containing old" clothes.
He thought they were apples and willingly
paid the express charges. - His ¦ distrust was
great when he discovered the oontents. The
old clothes were buried this afternoon with
military honors. The entire corps held a wake
and later Interred the box. Jimmy O'Rea was
high priest, and Stewards Doyle, Eustace,
Camoys, Dunn and Mlholovlch were pall bear
ers. Catania was chief mourner and he be
wailed the loss of the seventy-five cents paid
f er express charffes. _^
Eddie Glennon, captaln"!ot ' Company B, was
startled this morniujr by a cow that was
browsing In his tent. Some of his friends cap
tured a Jersey and culded it to Eddie's tent.
They tied the animal to the bed and awaited
developments. These soon came. The -cow
started to eat up the ¦ hay on which ¦ Glennon
was slumbering, and by accident tried a piece
of the sleeper's pajamas. Eddie awoke with
a yell and the- startled ; cow ;bolted, nearly
throwing down the tent. • ..,,-..¦«. -
Lieutenant Coligan of Company O took two
young- ladles buggy riding last evening. When
he came | to : the railway crossing he ¦ mistook
an ordinary " signal lantern • for ' the headlight
of a locomotive and waited a half hour for the
light to mov«. . ... , . . • •;
"Handsome Jack", Nolan of Company O sleeps
HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
(T POWER, NAPA, July 19.— A com-,
II . plimentary ball was tendered the
League of the Cross Regiment this
evening by the members of Napa 1
Council No. 21, Young Men's Institute.
The affair was given in. Armory Hall,
which was beautifully decorated. The
grand march was* led by Colonel McGloln
and a fair resident of Napa. The ball was
a. success. In every way and those who at
tended enjoyed a delightful evening.
Wilson acted as floor manager. He was
assisted by John Mathews, Joseph Mc-
Laughlin, Fred Garwood and George
Strohl. The following committees had the
affair in charge:
Arrangements— Frank Wilson, Joseph Mc-
Laughlin and Joseph Kelly.
Reception— Rev. M. D. Slattery, E. Flanigan.
Rev J. M. Conway, Frank B. Gibb. J. E.
O"Nell, Charles Kegli, Dan Martin, J. M. Kelly
and Philip Dwyer.
Young ladies waited on the cadets at
the dinner table this "evening. They were
cheered and thanked by the gallant young
fellows. The ladies supplied the regiment
with coffee "like mother used to make."
The tables were prettily decorated. The
ladies were dressed in white gowns and
looked very pretty.
Among those who honored the cadets
! with their presence were the following
! members of the Sodality of- the Blessed
Virgin and Young Ladies' Institute: Miss
Johanna Riordan, Miss Mamie Tynan,
Miss Mamie and Miss Agnes Brennan,
Mis* Kate Malone, Miss Stella Johnson,
Misj Angle Hill, Miss Katherine Callinan,
Miss Lillie Callinan, Mrs. Annie Cotter,
Mis? Agnes O'Brien, Miss Maud Johnson,
Miss Sadie Flaherty. Miss Maggie Malone,
Miss Agnes Keegan, Miss Florence Dwyer,
Miss Lllah Dwyer, Miss Lavina Johnson,
Miss Mazie Cuff, Miss Lena Carbone and
Mrs. Clara Foley. .
This morning the regiment marched to
the Napa Insane Asylum, two miles' from
camp, and in the presence of the attend
ants and inmates gave an exhibition drill
and the best dress parade of the > entire
encampment. Lieutenant Colonel McGloin, .
Father O'Ryan, Father Cullen and a num
ber of officers were the guests of Dr. Cohn
at luncheon. The band gave an excellent
concert.
Notes of the Camp.
Members of the reelmental band formed a
German oreanlzatlon this afternoon and
marched through camp, making i discordant
music. They serenaded the headquarters of
the regrlmtnt and The Call and made things
lively In camp. The aggregation dressed In
harmony with its music. - Sergeant Austin.
Morris and Sam Manaton looked like cherubs;
Harry G. Leonard, Charlie Turner, Kddy Hol
lahan and Bob Grennan were garbed like "per
fect devils." • -The balance ot the band wore
clothes that might have earned them a few
months' rest at the Napa Asylum.
Armand Putz. the leader of the band, will
return to camp to-morrow nlcht. He will be
met at the depot by his players and will -bo
escorted to camp with special music. ,
Pat McMurray Is known as the "ragtime
talker." He speakes In bunches and the regi
ment is kept wondering what he says. . "
F. Dolinsc and J. Fltzslmmons, th«- well
known German comedians, were on the firing
line this afternoon and keut the- camp In an
uproar with their pranks.
Corporal Tommy Turner of Company ¦ G • Is"
anxiously awaiting his turn to do guard duty.
He has a few old snores to settle, and prom
ises the cadets who blackened him up when
he slept a busy night. ¦ . ¦ ' • •
Baptist Association Officers.
SANTA CRUZ, July 19.— The South Cen
tral Baptist Association this* morning
elected these officers for the coming year:
Rev. F. S. Lawrence of San Jose, modera
tor: Rev. F. C. R. Jenkins of Kings City,
clerk, and W. M. Pence of Salinas, treas
urer.
Hanna, who Is a passenger on the Cunard
liner Campania, from New York for Liv
erpool, when interviewed on the steamer
in Queenstown harbor said her -trip to
Europe was entirely one of pleasure and
its duration would depend upon circum
stances. ' She asserted that she was not
aware of having left. New York City un
der sensational circumstances. Her two
boys were with her. and she ridiculed the
Idea that she could be separated from
them. She said she was quite Indifferent
as to any proceedings that might be taken
to that end. .
Baroness Depallant. who accompanies
Mrs. Hanna, characterized the reports
about Mrs. Hanna outwitting her hus
band and the detectives in New York as
exaggerated. . The party . proceeded for
Liverpool on the Campania.
Scores at Bluerock Targets.
NEW YORK, July 19.— The second
Graud American Handicap trap shooting
tournament at Inanimate targets was con
cluded to-day at Interstate Park, L. I.
The final event on the programme was
the consolation handicap at 100 bluerocks
per man, in which fifty-seven shooters
took part. F. D. Kelsey of East Aurora,
N. Y.. after a tie with W. Morris of Bald
wlnville, N. Y., each having broken nine
ty-five targets, won the shoot-off, break
ing 18 to Morris' 16 out of 25, and received
first money and a silver trophy valued at
She Declares at Queenstown That She
Traveled to Europe Merely ,
for Pleasure.
QUEEXSTOWN. July 19.-Mrs. Daniel
MBS. HANNA I^ATJGHS .
AT SENSATIONAL STORIES
tional Bank Men.
NEW YORK. July 16.— Comptroller of
the Currency Charles G: Dawes, Forrest
Raynor, receiver of the Seventh National
Bank, and the counsel of the bank held
a conference to-day. At \ the conclusion
Raynor gave out a statement in part as
follows:
"The Comptroller of the Currency can
not deem as valid the transactions made
by the Seventh National Bank within two
days of its failure, whereby a large por
tion of its assets was transferred to the
Bowling Green Trust Company, as trus
tee, to secure loans of about $1,203,000
made to the bank by or through Its di
rectors to enable the bank to pay a por
tion of Its existing liabilities. Unless the
directors within two weeks' further time
provide money lo pay the claims of all
depositors in full the receiver has been di
rected to institute suit to protect the legal
rights of the depositors."
Comptroller of the Currency Demands
Money From Seventh Na-
SUIT MAY BE BBOTJGHT
TO SATISFY DEPOSITOBS
LONDON. July 19.— Terrific .thunder
storms over the northern part of England
this evening presaged a break of the hot
wave. At Newcast\e-on-Tyne the streets
were flooded and traffio of^ all' kinds was
temporarily suspended. Thej^Hroad sys
tem was disarranged, the signals bursting
out- Consequently trains ¦ were delayed.
In Shields several houses were struck by
lightning and the streets were impassable
for hours. In Sunderland fires were kin
dled by lightning in two places.
Paxton House, the residence of : Samuel
Storey In Berwickshire, was in the path
of a violent hailstorm. Stones an inch
and a half in diameter broke a large num
ber of panes of window glass and wrecked
greenhouses. The surrounding crops and
orchards were badly damaged.
In consequence of the heat London has
improvised some customs that are de
cidedly eccentric for Londoners. Occa
sionally a shirt-waist man is sighted In
public, while some members of the House
of Commons have appeared there with
duck trousers and straw hats, behavior
that on any other occasion would have
brought out cries of "Order, order!" and
requests for withdrawal. Regiments ma
neuvered to-day in Salisbury Plain In
shirt sleeves.
lightning Causes Fires, Thorough
fares Are Bendered Impassable
and Crops Are Ruined.
STOBMS IN ENGLAND
FLOOD CITY STREETS
TUBA CITY. July 19.— Charles McDon
ald was drowned In the river at this place
this afternoon. He went into the river to
save a dog from drowning, was seized by
a cramp and sank in thirty feet of water.
McDonald was a barber and recently came
from Seattle,
Perishes to Save a Dbg.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July ' 19.— The
strike of the salmon fishermen against
the Frascr River canners has been ad
justed, the Vancouver Board of Trade
"having acted as mediator. It has been
agreed that the fishermen shall receive
IZVi cents per fish for one-quarter of the
entire pack and 10 cents for the balance of
the pack. The union men will begin fish
ing on Sunday night.
Fishermen's Strike Ends.
Excitement Causes the Sudden De
zst'-se of a Citizen of Bio
Vista.
RIO VISTA. July 19.— Fire that started
this morning: in a shed on the property
of John Pedro destroyed the residences of
Pedro, Dr. J. C. Stanton and John Frates,
thelatter occupied by H. F. Carey. When
he saw the flames eating up his property
John, Pedro, who was afflicted with heart
disease, suddenly fell dead. By good work
on the part of the fire department- the
residence of J. E. Sullivan was saved.
Women bravelv assisted the men in put
ting a check to the conflagration.
FALI/S DEAD WHEN FIBE
DESTROYS HIS HOME
The fare betv.een the two towns at pres
ent Is SO cents each way, and it is said
when the traction company gets to run
ning electric cars it will reduce the price
by at least one-half.
There is much traffic between the two
points and way stations, and the South
ern Peclnc now Rets the lion's share of It.
but there is likely to be a decided ;urn in
affairs when tho electric company gets Its
road into operation.
KEDLAXDS, July IS— General Manager
J. Kruitschnitt snd a party of officials of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
paid Redlands n brief visit yestorday. It
is reported that their ch!ef object in com
ing here was tc look over the field pre
r-Tatory to making extensive Improve
ments in this section. The belief is grow
ing that the company is planning: to reach
this city from Colton via San Bernardino
Instead cf via. Redlands Junction,' as at
r resent. This done the railroad would
have a. more direct line and much Quicker
service between Redlands and the county
seat, which would enable It to compete
with the new San Bernardino Valley
Traction Company.
Southern Pacific Will Compete With
San Bernardino Valley Trac
tion Company.
TJjAJTNTNG NEW LINE
OUT OF REI>LAXrDS
Orepon: Increase— Robert M. Jack. Tal
ent. tl2. "Widows— Jane A. Barton. Jo
ppph. 58; At)by Taylor, Hermann, 58.
Washington: Original— Josiah W. Fer
ris, Tacoma, $6; Patrick McDowell, Che- 1
ney. JG; David A. Thompson. Snoqualmle,
$S. Increase — Ole Thomson. Hoquiam. $8;
Edward r>. Elliott, Port Angeles; $12. War
with Spain, original— C. F. Delano, Spo
kane, $8.
San Francisco. October 11 and 22; Los
Armeies. October 16 and 22; Eureka, Octo
ber 10; Fresno, October 14; Redding, Octo
ber 10; Sacramento. October 9; San Diego,
October 10; Santa Barbara, October 10.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Increase — C. E. Smitn"." Stent,
$8; James Ellis, Freeport. $10; Ovid Hare.
Los Angeles, $10; William L. Rogers, San
Bernardino, 512. Widow— Mary E. George,
Bishop. $20.
TTASHIXGTOX. July 13.— Civil service
examinations will be held In California
for departmental service in Washington
as follows:
Notice Is Issued of the Dates for Ei-
animations in the Civil
Service.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
"On arriving at the scene I found the
union men greatly excited over the com
ing of the Sheriff. Alter quieting them I
Fought the Sheriff. He sent word that
he would see me at McXear's office, I
asked him how it was that he was there
with his deputies. He said that last night
ho received a telephone call from G. W.
McNear to have twenty deputies on hand
at his warehouse in the morning:, as he
Intended to put a sang of men at work
?nd feared that the strikers might make
trouble, I told him that our members
had acted like gentlemen since the strike
began: that no violence of any kin3 had
befn committed and that he had no right
to bring a lot of deputies here to intimi
date new men and excite riot among our
members."
This action on the part of tie union
leader averted trouble for the time being,
but feeling runs high over the bringing
in cf non-union men and there may be an
outbreak at anr time,
"While the Warehousemen s Union was
in session jast night," said l>ethlefson to
day, * - I received • a message .from. Mar
tinez stating: teat a call had been made
on the Sheriff for protection by McNear
and that the Sheriff and twenty-two dep
uties would leave for Port Costa, on the
first train in the morning. One of the
pickets reported this morning: that a
steamer had passed the sugar house with
¦ large number of men aboard. Later
our boat patrol reported that there were
thirty Italians on the steamer, and that
>ne was going to McNear's.
More than 500 strikers had congregated
near McXear's warehouse and some of
the cooler ones, fearing, trouble, dis
patched a messenger for Secretary Detta
lefson of the Warehousemen's Union. He
arrived a moment later and addressed the
rsien. He cautioned them against using
violence or making .threats of any kind,
saying that the bringing of the Sheriff
here was a trick on the part of the ware
house owners to lead the men into a trap.
PORT COSTA, July 19.— Port Costa's
population was aroused this morning at 7
o'clock by the tooting of tho whistles at
Kppinger's and McNear't warehouses. A
few minutes later a steamer was seen
creeping past lh« sugar refinery and hav
ing- on board an unusually large number
of men. These were landed at McNeax's
warehouse. The train from Martinez
arrived at this time and Sheriff Veal
with twenty-two deputies got off. The
Sheriff msrehed his men in regular mili
tary order down the track to McXear's
warehouse and entered. He formed a
circle with his deputies around the men
that had just been landed from the
steamer, and work was commenced. Ar
rangements have been made to house and
board the men on the steamer, which lies
at anchor near the wharf.
Sswclal Dismtch to The Call.
Twenty-Two Deputies Pre
vent Influence by the #
Strikers.
Costa.
Shipload of Non-Union
' Men Arrives at Port
SHERIFF'S FORCE
GUARDS A MILL
SEATTLE, July 19.— One more tragedy,
piteous in its details, caused by the awful
"white silence" of the dreary* Yukon
wastes, has come to light, and. Philip
Deiderlch, white-haired and bent with the
load of his 80 years, must stand trial at j
Nome for murder In the first degree. At J
Holy Cross Mission, April 13, 19-Jl. it is
charged. Philip Delderich shot Louis
Borub, his neighbor, through the head.
The old man, it is claimed, stole on his
victim from behind. There was no provo
cation and the main witnesses against the
decrepit prisoner are his two sons. \
'This Is the substance of the story. There
is much behind these allegations. Holy !
Cross Mission lies on the tower Yukon, j
There the stream widens, before spread- j
Ing to its delta, and the banks are more
than two miles apart. It is a desolate
spot. The dreary Arctic twilight and the
vast expanse of white plain are said to be
responsible for many grim tragedies. . It >
is said that they were the cause of old i
1'hilip Deldericb/s awful deed. j
Deiderlch and Borub lived near one an- j
other. Both had cabins, one-room affairs. I
furnished simply, provisioned with only j
actual necessities. At the coming of win
ter, so gx>es the story, the men were Arm j
friends. They wonted together in tho j
preparation of- their-wlnter quarters, and
often ' visited one another in the even
ing. Then the days began to shorteji and
the long twilight came. How the' first
quarrel • sprang up is not known. It is
said to have been a trivial. affair. Delder
ich went back to his family and told them
of the quarrel, but gave no details. Borub
returned to his cabin and brooded by him
self. The two men met and failed- to
speak. Each watched the other at such
times, and each became the more suspi
cious at the other's covert glance.
Winter wore > on to a darkened sprim?.
It seemed as though the sun would never
appear. The Delderich family became
alarmed at the alteration in the old man.
They feared that the hard winter and the
lonely life were telling on his mind.
One morning Deiderlch left the cabin
with his rifle over his arm. One of his
sons saw. him from a distance and hast
ened to follow him, joined by his brother,
whom he had called. It is said that the
boys overtook their father too late. The
old man had come upon Borub when the
latter was alone. He had approached him
silently from behind, rested his rifle and
taken deliberate aim and shot his former
friend through the head. , .
Deiderich's two sons were, according to
Nome papers, being: held at St. Michael I
during the early part of July as witnesses. I
Together with the aged prisoner they had
been taken from Holy Cross Mission by
the officers, who went after them down
the river. At the time the statements of
the case were published in Nome Marshal
Griggs was in St. Michael on his way to
the mission after the rest of Deiderich's
family, all of whom are. it is said, to be
used as witnesses against him. %
»_ —
FpeclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
FACES A MURDER
TRIAL AT EIGHTY
Philip Deiderich's Two
Sons Will Testify
Against Him.
Bent and White-Haired Man
Is Taken to Nome for
Arraignment.
League of the/Gross Cadets Are Supplied With Choice Viands on
Decorated Tables by Fair Ones "Garbed in White— Young
Men's Institute Gives a Ball in Honor of the Regiment
NAPA'S PRETTY M AIDS PRESIDE
AT A DINNER IN CAMP POWER
BLOOMER GIRLS
MEET A FROST
Female Balltossers Are
Ordered Off College
Grounds.
President Kenna of Santa
- Clara Puts Amazons to
Flight.
. Special Dispatch to The Call. -
SAN JOSE, July 19.— The female aggre
gation of ballplayers, known as the Bos
ton Bloomer Girls, who have been playing
picked nines along ' the coast, received a
setback at Santa Clara to-day. Unknown
to the college authorities, their manager
had taken possession of one of the
school's ball grounds. After a parade
around town in bloomers, followed by a
squad of small boys, the Amazons
marched upon the college property.
In the meantime President R. E. Kenna
became aware of the character of the at
traction and ordered the bloomer girls
from the college property. As only a
crowd of small boys had gathered" to see
the game, the Boston attractions returned
to their private car and departed.
SHOOTS THE FRIEND '
WHO ENTERS HIS ROOK
Harvard Student Kills a Young Man
' "Believing THm to Be a
Burglar. , ,
BRATTLEBORO.Vt-.July 19.—Awaken
ing between 2 and 3 o'clock- this morning
to "find himself In the grasp of a man.
Morton Starr Cressy, a Harvard law
student. Who Is spending the summer
here, struggled until free and. snatching
a revolver from the bureau, fired four
shots at his assailant. On lighting his
lamp he was horrified to find that he had
shot his friend and classmate. Sidney
Bristol of Battle Creek, Mich., who came
here yesterday as a canvasser, and was
invited by Cressy to spend the night with
him. Bristol lived only long enough to
gasp, "You have shot your friend."
It is believed that Bristol, while In a
nightmare, took hold of Cressy. Cressy
said that he .thought he was being at
tacked by a burglar, and fired as soon
as he was free. The voung men were
each about 24 years of age. They gradu
ated, from Tale in 1900 and entered the
Harvard Law School last fall.
MINERS TO BRING SUIT
"> AGAINST THE DOMINION
Hope to Recover the Royalty Paid to
HUSSAR IS DEGRADED
FOB ATTACKING A FRIEND
- the Canadian Government
in 1898/
SEATTLE, July 19.— A movement to re
cover the royalty paid by the Klondlkera
oh gold mined in 1S9S is on foot. A num
ber of Dawson lawyers have undertaken
the prosecution of the case and all of the
most interested mine owners of that
period have subscribed their names aj
plaintiffs. As the royalty tax collected
by the Crown authorities of the Klondike
country In 1808 amounted to hundreds of
thousands of dollars, the case is one of
considerable magnitude.
Several old Klondikers now in Seattle
have received notice of the case, together
with an explanatory circular asking co
operation. The attorneys are undertak
ing the case on a contingent fee, and by
many leading legal lights it Is believed
they have a good chance to recover sum a
of this money. It is alleged, too, that
much of the royalty collected never
reached the Government's coffer3.
¦ «
Lieutenant Cuts Off Another Man's
Ear in Fulfillment of a
Queer "Wager. -
LONDON, July 19.— "Count Gabriel
Kepezey, a first lieutenant in one of the
Hussar regiments." says a dispatch to
the Daily Mall from Budapest, "has be*n
formally degraded in Sregedin before the
whole regiment. "He made a bet that he
would cut off the right ear of one of his
best friends, Caspar Kanyo, with his
saber. He then approached the unsus
pecting. Kanyo and slashed off the ear.
"Kanyo shot at Kepezey with his revol
ver, but missed him. Then, turning to
the mirror and seeing himself without tho
ear. he turn«d his revolver against him
self and fell dead. The colonel in degrad
ing Kepezey warned the officers of tho
regiment against debauchery and drunk
enness."
Negro Lynched In Louisiana.
CROWLEY, La.. July 19.— An unknown
negro was lynched here this afternoon.
An officer accosted him to learn his busi
ness when he was fired upon by the negro,
who tfien fled. The negro escaped into
the woods, but was caught and taken
back to jail, where the crowd captured
him and hanged him.' ,
ENTICING YOUNG
GIRLS TO RUIN
Organized Gang Finds
Victims in San
Jose.
?' — ¦
Constable Traces Two Miss
ing Maidens to San
Francisco. -'..'.¦
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
SAN JOSE. July 19.— What Is believed
to be an organized business of enticing
young girls from, this city to. enter dis
reputable houses In San Francisco has
been discovered. Annie Matthews and
Josie Caatro, two young girls, left their
homes a few days ago and a search made
for them by Constable Haley located
them In a place on Turk street, San
Francisco, where they were engaged In
selling beer.
' Through" Detective Seymour of San
Francisco It was learned that more than
twenty young, girls from San Jose have
.In the past few weeks entered upon dis
reputable Mves in San Francisco. These
girls inform their parents they have good
positions In homes or business houses,
when ln r reality they are Inmates of
brothels- and. saloons. Some of these
girls have been sent to San Francisco to
attend school, and their parents do not
knOw the lives they lead. The San -Jose
officer "was informed by. Detective Seyr
mour that he had a list of the girls en
ticed from here and could return them to
their parents when reauested. Local of
ficers believe that a prdcuress most be
plying her vocation. An attempt will be
made to rescue the girls.
which, landed the recipients in the guardhouse..
Thomas CDay and Dan Barry of Company
O brought their appetltes'to camp. They broke
Fred de Carteret's record in this line by eating
ten pies at one sitting.' Dr. Morrisey prescribed
proper remedies in the. end.
The boys of Company J> are indebted to Mrs.
Slatteryof Brown Valley for a pleasant after
roon.; Joe Grennan, Jack Foley, Jack Reagan
and Andy Burke were, treated royally by Mrs.
Slattery and<hfet%'d»ughters. Other members
of. the regimenV*liave enjoyed her open-handed
hospitality; J#*"
Thej tent occupied by First Sergeant Smith,
Corporal Levy and Musicians Cresalla and
Reilly is the best decorated In camp. Sabers,
bugles and other military accouterments are
used for decorative purposes and the effect is
striking-. The boys have been' complimented
by the lnsr>ector.
Kx-Lleutenant Will Kelly of Colonel Sulli
van's staff is visiting camp. The Misses CKNell,
Miss Katie Brown. Miss Arizona and Miss El
len Brown also graced the camp with their
presence this afternoon. .
Lieutenant Nolan, Lieutenant Beasley,_LIeu
tenant McCann, Captain Glennon, Lieutenant
Gonzales. Sergeant Major Gonzales, First Ser
geant Tom Smith, Corporal Levy, with Miss
Coutts, Mtss Annie Lonlgan, Miss Hatz, Miss
Morrisey, Miss Connolly and a number of other
lady friends held a "private picnic at Drury
Melone's ranch in Napa Valley. An excellent
luncheon was prepared by the ladies.
Colonel McGloln was extremely kind last
evening. He extended taps until midnight and
when asked for passes by cadets who had to
do escort duty he obligingly wrote out passes
on his trousers to -keep them creased. His
tent-mates rolded the nether garment a differ
ent way last night and when Xolan put them
on this morning people thought he was walking
sideways.
"Brick" Thompson, first sergeant of Com
pany A, has had charge or that aggregation
during this encampment. Captain Hopper and
Lieutenants Wilson and McCarthy were unable
to attend the encampment and the youth with
the auburn hair assumed command. He has
won the hearts of his men by looking after
their comfort and procuring pies for them at
every meal. Captain Hopper arrived this even
ing. He was escorted to camp by the company.
ffAZAMASMOURN FOB
PROFESSOR LE CONTE
Adopt Touching • Memorial Resolu -
tions at the Summit of
. .: Mount Hood.
.PORTLAND, Or., July 19.— At the top of
Mount Hood 'to-day the Mazamas, an or
ganization-of mountain-climbers, adopted
the following resolutions, introduced by
L. L. Hawkins, in memory of* Professor
Joseph'Ije Conte: - - .
¦ Prof SS3OT Joseph Le . Conte. at home In the
mountains, at home with .the Mazamas, at
home with the students, at home with the
grandest scientists of, the world, at home with
his Creator, died In -Yosemlte Valley on the
6th inst. . He was to have Joined the Sierra
Club in its first annual outing in. the high
Sierras. It is fitting that we, here on the top
of Mount Hood, at this our eighth annual out
ing, should express our deep - sorrow at our
loss and our high appreciation of his- wisdom,
goodness and worth. • , : - - '• ¦ ".•.."•
Thirty-one years ago, on August 12, he and
John ' Muir > were feasting: ¦ their • eyes onrthe
Mount Lyle group. I chiseled his name on
the top 'of Mount Dana, 2002 feet higher -than
we now stand. - For thirteen days his name
has been inscribed on a higher point— one
whiter, than the 'snow under our feet. Be it
Resolved, That, in the death of Joseph Lc
Conte, the Mazamas . have . lost one of their
most ' loved, respected and renowned honorary
Resolved, That our' secretary, ¦when he
reaches a milder and less vigorous atmosphere,
spread these brief resolutions of Borrow and
respect on our minute, book, and transmit more
suitable resolutions of condolence, to the be
reaved family of the deceased.
Automobiles Reach Yosemite.
TOSEMITE, July 19.— The two automo
biles that left San Francisco on the 11th
for the Yosemite Valley by way of Stock
ton arrived here last night, after prac
tically demonstrating the Inability of an
automobile being operated on a stage road.
The party consisted of Mr. Aitken and
wife and Mr. Baird and wife. The chief
trouble they had to contend with was the
refusal of the Big Oak Flat Line to carry
•gasoline In for them. At Chinese Station
one of the stage drivers maliciously mis
directed them, sending them over the old
condemned bridge to Moffltt. Coming up
Priest's Hill they were obliged to get out
and push the automobile. ,
"Weds at Mother's Deathbed.
REDDING, July 19.— Aware that her re
maining days on this earth will be few In
number, Mrs. Cora V. McKeag of Shasta,
who is one of three heirs to the extensive
estate of her father, the' late Dr. J. O.
Smith, and who is afflicted with severe
heart trouble, to-day signed a written con
sent to the issuance of a marriage li
cense to her only child, 17-year-old Helen,
and requested that the marriage take
place at her bedside. This was done this
afternoon, the Rev. A. L. Burleson of
Redding officiating. The groom was Dr.
Chester J. Teass. physician to the Moun
tain Copper Company at Keswick.
Suicide Near Qoalinga.
HANFORD, July 19.— Henry Baker, aged
55 years, • committed suicide last night at
the camp of the Mercantile Crude Oil
Company vnear Coalinga. He was found
hanging to the rafters of the porch of the
office. Baker claimed to have a rich rela
tive in New Tork.
Soda Fountain. Tank Explodes.
CORONA. July 19.— A soda fountain gas
lank exploded this morning with terrific
force in Sargent & Baker's confectionery
store. Louis Baker, who was charging
the tank from the shipping cylinder, sus
tained serious injuries. He was knocked
through the heavy screen doors -out into
the alley. His left leg was broken in
three places. Amputation will be neces
sary. The accident was caused by a de
fective ; register. Considerable damage
was done to the showcases in the store
and many persons had a narrow escape.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, SATURDAY, JULT 20,; 1901^
5
LEAGUE OP THE I CROSS CADETS
ON THE REFRESHMENT FIRING
"LINE AT NAEA. ' ' . . " .
Two Day Excursions tc Palo Alto, San
Jcse, Del Monte, Monterey and J
Pacific Grove. . .
Les.ve Monday. Tuesday, Thursday, I Fri-
day next week. . Round' trip. Epworth
Leacuers and friends, $8.60, including ho'-
telB end Seventeen-mile Drive at Del
Monte. Southern Pacific offices, 613 Mar-
ket Etreet. Third 'and Townsend streets,
Valencia street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
li|ByHHlMpi f Annualiy Abandon Homo, Friends and I
-PSfflHlPfA Business to Escape the i x . ,,i 1:£5 J
Av'Jir %^%? Miseries of This Periodi- % Mil fT^i
"»-"'^<1,f Wit' Gai Gatarrh. ¦ *% vhMM
VrAJftVN Were you ever at the station of a hay.fever resort during the llfjo !ii|^^//^^^
**J^^d^iN*YV MImJI \^ \\ latter weeks of August? Oh, the panting, weeping, snuffling, sneez- lllll^ 1 'llj^'p' ' ' r^M
BCw '^1j\^ f^fl^l "Im i«r ' in?) C0ll S hin £> husky-vciced throng! Disgusted with themselves, - *' lrt m|IJ i | j|* I-^^ta^ 1 a
B(*"5m'*§^ \\i r^'iWmll •' compelled to drop every interest and take an expensive journey to get ' Mlsj !| I ~" — 5t33
hT/A. \M' relief from a most exasperating and misery-engendering malady. A vs^JiF^Ja |j
BBw/i/'^SKv iiik'~**T^^<4 II \ Just listen to their tales of woe. Says one, between sneezes, i\% lH
K*« i ¦jWiIbS^^S*^^' " "I don't see how my business can spare me, but with this I was worse >«1 | 11 >££!¦> 'jj
HVi ¦ than useless there." Another wails: - "I could have had a desirable V^IL 5"«T"7"^Sta
feS^ school at a good salary but the term begins the first week of Septem- (i f$g\ 8 \^S0^|
1^ r£?wV^ / \ /?*$**/ ' er an^ t Qere ¦"• 'would be unable to do more than attend to my nose |T !^1\\ S ->^ :<^^^?\«
wft" W "'^^^llJv-l\ \ jt&fe^ V.4&1 mW- tjl1 after a neav 7 frost." Another: "This is the harvest time for my &n i/l 1 F^ if2$$r**
Ir Y _A ~9l"T ffPy^j^^yqaB^ business and hirelings won't half gather it in." Another: "I had to na \ H §1 pf^l*iji
H r I $ t^Wsir^C run away from a dangerously ill child I should have nursed, but, in" r||i la=S->^^§iil
B MS%%0Kii& iWi^-'^W' niy condition I was a disturbing element instead of a factor for com- 'VI 1 "^^^^H
H liiliiiill WMfAJ^ \ fort in the sick room." And like complaints; not one out for fun, not <J*^Ah
L^^P^Fnl:' ,"* one happy in the enforced exile; just prisoners to locality, waiting for -:• > » U
grUV 2*¥l5 M U'lv-w ' (rcrtMIiwk * f th^ se pe °P le early in tne seas on had purchased Stu3rt'a -^ j. • W
Wyfi\ iV \ m yy^\CJ^^lW^k Catarrh Tablets, which are for sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box, 7~^^v~m f^ 1
¦iAmI '/^Mv w\ \\\\\\\v\Mffl)^l' and taken them f a ' thf Ully S ° M t0 et their EVStem3 thoroughly under ' • I «,jn l&T i
¦j \l \^ ¦¦ £" ¦' *** I ji&lj-gv . . /#}W\ 4j|
H V |y\^x walfflBy antS ° f autumnal catarrh , the plant dust that has no unpleasant effect JO t* V^^^Wi?^. J\$3
I ' \ ' on constitutionall y P e^ect people. They could have attended to (|l& &*^"~ /ftf "^^3
1 ' -n '. "**. _^ySv\VMlY^^^^^^. their duties or their pleasures and been spared an expensive journey "M^O^^— - S^vlA *" H
A little folder and booklet on the cause and cure of hay-fever * \- >fl||V^%v a
Rvfli^ — \i^fJHfJIfiHlI and catarrh, mailed free to aU who apply. Address F. A. Stuart Co, l L^ v 1SATURDAY JULY 20, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AUrest All Ceaauimtio&s U Vf. 8. LEAKS, Xutger.
UA5AGER'S OFFICE ....... Telephone Press j 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
DellTered by Carriers,. 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnarle Copies, 5 Cents. , i
Terms by Mall, Including Poatasret
DAILY CALL (including Eunflay). one year........ $6.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday), C months.... S.OO
DAILT CALX* (Including- Sunday). 3 months............... 1.60
DAILY CAXir- By Sinrle Month 65c
BUNDAT CALL, One Tear 1.60
WEEKLY CALI* One Year...... .......;....... 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to reeelre
subscriptions.
Brnpi* copies "will be forwarded when requested.
Vfcfl subscriber* In ordering change of sAdrefls should be
fxrUenlar to tire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLASD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xtsagtr Tertlgn Advertising, Mirqcette Building, CMeagt.
CXong- Distance Telephone "Central 2618.")
,. I
NETC YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO5 Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE t
STEFHEX B. SMITH SO Trlhnn* Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WsJdorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Vnrray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6herman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
nnAJfCH OFFICns in Montgomery, corner of Clay.' open
ontil t:SO o'clock. 100 Hayea, open until 9:50 o'clock. 6S3
McAllister, open until 3:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
t:«5 o'clock. Mil Mission, open until Id o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. VW Valencia, open
•ratil • o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NTV.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Flllmore. open until S p. ra.
Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Slegert'8 Genuine Imported Angostura Bitten.*.
Faded hair recovers j Its youthful color and
softness by the use of Parker's Hair Balsam.
'¦'_ Hlndercorr.s, the best cure for corns. 15 eta.
Chicago, and Return $72.50.
On sal* July 20 arid 21, the Union Pacific Rail
road will sell round trip tickets to Chicago,
good for 60 days, at rate of $72 50. D. W. Hitch
cock, General j Agent, 1 . Montgomery st., San
Francisco. V.
Cheap Bates for Epworth Leaguers
and Their Friends. /
The Santa Fe will sell low rate tickets to all
points, July 12 to August 15 inclusive, to hold
ers of Epworth League tickets and friends ac
companying them. ( Call at Santa Fe office, 641
Market street, or ferry depot.
Best Way to the Yosemite.
I The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thence
via Merced Falls. Coultervllle, Hazel Green,
Merced . Big Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This Is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Grand Canyon Excursion.
On July 22 the Santa Fe will make a special
excursion,^ $40 f°r the round trip, from San
Francisco to the Grand Canyon of Arizona.
Leaving Ban Francisco at 9 a. m. on the 22d
you arrive at the Canyon , for supper the 23d.-
In all the world there Is no place like this,
the grandest of nature's marvels.. Towering
mountains, mighty chasms, rushing waters,
crevices, the homo of ancient cliff dwellers,
all painted by the brush of nature In colors
beautiful. Ask about It at the Santa Fe office,
641 Market street , •
Green and red eo well together. Give a
man , plenty of greenbacks and he can
, paint the. town a deep red.
. France is again working herself up, to. her custom
ary summer hysteria and 'temporary madness. She
thinks thather hereditary enemy,. England; "is plan
ning a war because one of her ships is making sound
ings on' the French^ coast. ., ". ,- ¦ ¦
England is 'taking steps to imitate our national
school of naval strategy.' It. is to be hoped, if unfor
tunate occasion ever demands, that our British friends
may learn that there are some things in .America
which it is impossible for foreigners to imitate.
. J. Pierpont Morgan has extended his sphere of in
fluence and has purchased a railroad in Chile. If Mr.
Morgan is not extremely careful the first thing he
knows he will own the earth and the rest of us will
have to fight his battles to help him keep it.
The attitude of Vice President .Roosevelt toward
the Presidential boom which Governor Odell's friends
are trying to start in New York ought to have been
sufficient to cool the atmosphere even during the hot
wave, but perhaps^ Teddy kept it concealed..
A New York cow committed suicide the other day
by drowning, and- journalistic -investigators are
troubling themselves to discover why. Perhaps the
unfortunate ; animal was sensitive enough to take a
dislike to her surroundings.. >:
f Some Chicago capitalists have organized a com
pany to be known as "The Olympian Games Associa
tion," with the intention of holding international con
tests in, all kinds of games; and now we may expect
to hear the pork packers bragging about their Greek
culture loud enough to beat the bands in Boston.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Selling out Al eyeglasses and specs, 10c
to 40c; look out for 81 4th, front barber. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Reliance, a tugboat specially chartered for our voyage of dis
covery down the beautiful bay of San Francisco. A hand of
music on board enlivened the proceedings and helped *to en
thuse a few of the more timid who dreaded seasickness. The
weather was delightful, Just cool enough to be pleasant, the sea
as smooth as a mill pond, the sun shone brilliantly, and the
salty taste of the light breeze was delicious to one whose ear
lier life was spent on the ocean wave. The committee who had
us in charge kindly indicated the different point3 of Interest On
the hills we saw the camp of the United States soldiers, the
Cliff House and Golden Gate Park; we passed the great Iron
works where the Oregon was built, and we sailed close to the
side of that magnificent vessel Itself lying securely at anchor
not far from the spot where she first entered the water. Like
many a human being; after beins tempest-tossed around the
world, she was again at home. A dainty lunch was served on
board, and in the afternoon we returned to the cfty. "We were
Indebted to The San Francisco Call for this delightful trip and
cannot adequately express our thanks. At night there was a
reception at the Press Club, and a visit to The Call office which
E?,? i 11 "*™*^ 1 ?? l TOm tS? to bo "om of its eighteen stories in.
honor of the Alabama Press Association. This was the second
time it had been so illuminated, the first occasion being the
visit of President McvKinley a few weeks ago.
"JS.ext morning The Call again was our host and escorted the
K^ct^g^nis O o r f e -^a n r.^ here a Pleasant " me was ««*
fiB—^ jjE Alabama editors have returned to their homes after
I their 7000-mile trip and all report a most delightful out-
II ing. Secretary Kountree of the Alabama Press Associ
11 ation, in telling a reporter of the Birmingham Age-Her
ald of the Journey, said:
"We were simply treated like lords at every place we stopped,
and in all the land there is not a more hospitable people than
the residents of California. They reminded us of our own Ala
bamians, and, to our surprise, had prepared everything for our
coming. At Albuquerque, N. M.; Fresno, Cal., and Stockton we
were lavishly entertained. At San Francisco we simply could
not have been shown more attention. As the guests of the San
Francisco Call, on" the morning of our arrival, we were given a
tug ride over the bay. The Call's editorial staff acted as hosts.
That night we were entertained at the Press Club. We- were
next taken over the United States battleship Oregon, our recep
tion being specially planned. Mayor Phelan gave us a trip to
the Cliff House and banqueted us there. In short, we had a
great time." ' .... . ..
TheClanton, Ala., Banner devotes considerable space to the
trip and, refering to the San Francisco visit, says:
"San Francisco is a splendid city, the ninth largest as re
gards population in the United States. It contains some mag
nificent buildings, fine streets and storehouses, although many
streets are very, steep, and above all a mo_st hospitable people.
Bright and early the next morning we were all on board the
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NUMISMATIC SOCIETY-Coln Collec
tor, City. J. Sanford Saltus is the secre
tary of the American Numismatic and
Archaeological Society. His address Is 71
West Forty-third street, New York City.
CHINESE IN SAN FRANCISCO— Enq.,
City. The number of Chinese that arrived
in San Francisco frqm May, 1882, to June,
1885, from foreign ports was 13,636. .The de
partures during the same period were 33,
410. Excess of departures, 19,774.
Ing. Volunteers were asked for to man the boat on her first
trip under water. There were twice as many men volunteered
as were wanted. The vessel was fitted with a crew, and then
submerged. Half an hour afterward the vessel was fished up
from the muddy bottom with her entire crew of sixteen men
dead.'
The Inventor then discovered a faulty valve, and said that
when that was remedied there would be no fault in the boat.
The valve was changed and another launching took place, four
teen volunteers going down In her this time. Like their brother
jackies of the first experiment, they never agraln saw the light
of day.
It was two years before the Whale received its third and
last trial. In the meantime the inventor had made many
changes, and he assured all the spectators that "this time there
is positively no danger whatever." Notwithstanding his assur
ance, however, only twelve men dared to enter the boat and
be submerged.
. For a long time* the crowd waited to see her reappear. But
she only reappeared after twenty-five minutes, and her reap
pearance was due to her being hauled out by a derrick. The
twelve men had been dead for a good while.
Having killed forty-two men. no further experiments were
ever made. The vessel is no longer known to the jackies as the
Whale, but bears among them the more appropriate appella
tion of "The Man-Killer." *
Ti HE Brooklyn navy yard simply teems with relics and
curiosities of absorbing Interest, says the New York Mall
* and Express. There is a navy museum on the grounds,
with curios of every description, but the curio par ex
cellence of the yard is a large hulk of iron rotting with
rust In a remote and unfrequented corner of the grounds hav
ing no connection whatever with the museum. Thia curio is the
first submarine boat ever made in this^ country.
The Whale is the' odd name of this boat. Nothing could be
more appropriate, for the vessel is bulky, ugly and clumsy. The
story of the Whale is one of the most tragic chapters in the
history of the yard.
She was built during the Civil War, in the early sixties, and
wonderful things were expected of her. The designer of the
vessel got Congress Interested in his plan, and the Government
made a large appropriation for the building of the boat. Not
only did the Government and the designer expect that naval
warfare was about to be revolutionized, but the people through
out the whole country as well, much having been published
about the vessel in the newspapers. The designer had an idea
that ho would go down In history as another Ericsson. Instead
of that, however, his name has gone to oblivion, and there is
not an officer or jacky at the yard who can recall his name.
The vessel was a long time in construction. - .When, finally,
she was completed, arrangements were made for a gala launch-
ALABAMA EDITORS DESCRIBE THE CALIFORNIANS
I AS MOST HOSPITABLE PEOPLE OF ALL IN THE LAND
MR. LUSK of California, president of the
American Cattle-growers' Association,, re
cently attended the slated meeting of the
board of control of that organization at Denver.
The association was found to be increasing to such
an extent that the board decided to omit the annual
assessment per head of stock represented, and to
recommend its entire abolition by the next conven
tion, relying upon membership fees for what funds it
requires.
The.meeting discussed the leasing of the ranges on
the public domain in the arid region. On this sub
ject Mr. Lusk said: "There has been a complete
change as to the leasing question in the last year.
A year, ago many opposed leasing, but stockmen gen
erally now realize that free grass means no grass at
all. Stockmen are willing to pay for what they get.
They realize that the open range is a bygone thing,
and now the only question is the detail of the new
law.' The sheep men, too, are swinging into line with
the cattle men on the proposition, and I think when
the bill is presented we shall find the stockmen of
the West 'united solidly in demanding its enactment
into law. Sheep men and cattle men now are strug
gling for possession of the little grass that is left,
while if the lands were properly protected there would
be plenty for all and some. left over.", - :¦- :~\r
No truer and terser statement can be made. Free
grass means no grass. No grass means disappearance
of the most economical production of livestock, and
that means a progressive rise in price of all livestock
products, to the injury of the consumer. '
It is reassuring, Joo, to read the declaration that
stockmen are Villing to pay for what they get. . It
means a better understanding between that great
interest and the ijublic, who are the owners of the
public domain.
The Call pioneered for the leasing policy against
the. opposition of the stockmen, and we will freely
criticize the leasing measure to the end that it shall
conserve all interests and injure none. We have here
tofore estimated that it will yield about ten millions
a year for devotion to irrigation. We have recently
seen a statement by a cattle man in Nebraska that
leasing will yield twenty-five millions annually, which
we regard as excessive, at least in the initial stages of
the policy. The revenue may, however, approximate
that as the beneficent and conservative results appear
in the increased moisture, forage and capacity of the
ranges.
. The prospect to the irrigator is alluring. The rev
enue of the leases, devoted to irrigation, will even
tually more than double the production, and popula
tion of the West. It will make fertile, -every tillable
acre that stored and distributed water can reach. It
will increase the. taxable property and wealth of all
these States, enhance the commercial importance of
their towns, make necessary the building of more
railroads to carry the increased tonnage to market,
and will multiply the power of the West in the Na
tional Government.
THE STOCK RANGES.
The shirt waist as an article of attire for men is
doomed. London swells have met with derision this
proposed innovation in the apparel of men, and weak
minded American imitators of London swells will
probably and happily take the hint.
as to his powers under the law has concluded to go as
far as he can toward applying a remedy for the evil.
In order to exclude fake publications without ex
cluding any that are legitimate there is to be' a rigid
investigation of mail matter and .the various publi
cations will-be judged on their merits. A recent re
port from Washington says: "It is explained at
the Postoffice Department that it is not the inten
tion to refuse second class rates to legitimate publica
tions. • They have not constituted a burden upon the
postal facilities of the country. The department's
action will be aimed against cheap publications, which
make offers of premiums evidently of more value than
the publication itself." The Postoffice Department
does not wish to injure the business of those pub
lications that give value received for their subscrip
tion price and yet operate premium schemes. It only
aims to correct abuses which, for instance, have de
veloped in offers of merchandise worth $1 and a prac
tically worthless publication whose subscription price
ostensibly is $1." ; * \". .
We believe that every legitimate publisher will ap
prove the action taken by the Postmaster General.
In fact, it has .been announced that representatives of
many of .the leading publications of the country have
visited Washington and after consultation with the
officials have been ; convinced that the proposed
changes would not injure any legitimate publication
and have since lent a hearty support to the new rule.
Now that so nuich ; has been accomplished it re
mains for Congress to complete the work. There; is
no reason why the Postoffice Department" should not
be self-supporting. Many improvements- that will in
crease its benefits to the public can -be made when
once the abuses of second class mail privileges have
been stopped. The fight for redress has been a long
one, and it is gratifying to' see at last that victory
is -in sight.
are possessed of excellent and some of them of su
perior qualities. It is a worthy work to turn their in
dulgence into a harmless channel that will not de
stroy the good in them, but permit its growth and
permanence. Such considerations no doubt influence
the views of Bishop Potter, as they do all non
fanatical investigators of the subject.
Now let us see if the Bishop will be accused of
being the tool of the liquor sellers and the War De
partment in spreading falsehoods as facts.
BISHOP POTTER, in a recent putyic expres- ;
sion, took the same ground toward the army
canteen controversy that The Call has taken,
and affirmed as facts the news items which have ap
peared in our column's, giving in detail the results of
abolishing the canteen at army posts near cities,
where at present the large posts are maintained.
Bishop Potter is one of the most eminent church
men in the United States, an'd in the hierarchical sys-.
tern of his church might be called its American Pri
mate, for its most populous and important commu
nions are in his diocese.
His character is of the highest type and his judg
ment of the best quality. Accustomed to investiga
tion and .with" a knowledge of human nature and the
highest of humane feelings, his conclusions always de
serve and receive the respect of his countrymen, no
matter what their denominational relations, or lack
of them. He is not jumping at conclusions, nor
thinking with his prejudices, nor speaking in the lan
guage of fanaticism, when he says that Congress was
influenced to abolish the canteen in the interest
the rum seller, and that its abolition has already pro
duced the saddest of disorder and immorality. It is
worth remembering in this connection that a com
mittee of clergymen in Chicago visited Fort Sheri
dan and made a report of naked facts as to the fringe
of deadfalls around the post and their patronage by
the enlisted men. That report did not bear out the
statements of Rev. Mr. Ferguson and Mr. Hurst,
and was, we believe, received without comment by
the ministers' meeting to which it was made.
The Call does not make great professions of a de
sire to recast humanity, albeit in a higher mold. But
if it be thought well to* guard and guide the morals
of .the, tens of thousands of enlisted men in our
army, we are convinced that their indulgence in an
appetite for alcoholic drink, which seems to be the
common infirmity of ' primitive and civilized man,
should be put under the restraint of the army can
teen, unless that appetite prove eradicable altogether.
As, in the mass, of mankind, eradication has never
been accomplished, why is it not wise, moral, useful,
religious, if you please, to protect it from becoming
a disease, and the medium of other diseases, and de
stroying its unfortunate victim, physically and mor
ally? Every old army officer knows the terrors of
the post deadfall, its evil effect upon the men and
its interference with' discipline. Many, a majority of
officers, have noted the change that came with the
post canteen. The name is expressive but unfortu
nate. Scores of ignorant fanatics assumed that it
meant that the Government was dealing out to the
soldiers canteens filled with whisky. Of course the
more intelligent opponents of the change from bad
whisky to light wine and beer knew better, but the
error brought them recruits.
The change was good, and its effects justified it.
The canteen was the enlisted man's club. It furnished
him a reading-room and library. It protected him
against squandering his pay. It kept him from con
tact with the indescribable moral degradation and
debauchery to which the deadfall is the open door.
In our army an enlisted man may win his way to
the supreme command. General Miles did" that.
Shafter and a majority of the major generals and
brigadiers began in the ranks. The canteen library
may furnish works on military history and tactics
which such enlisted men as have ambitions may.,
study. The army is a democratic institution in which'
a raw recruit may aspire to the generalcy, and may
reach the post filled by Scott, Grant, Schofield and
Miles. But he can never reach it, through the dead
fall.
, We make no apology for any one who constantly,
or occasionally abandons himself to liquor, but it. is
a matter of common observation that many who do
PACT AND FANATICISM. /
Peru is making extraordinary preparations for war
and the fearful ones among her citizens are wonder
ing with whom she is going to fight. They should
content themselves with one satisfying thought.
Experience teaches that fiery Peru will know that she
has been in a fight no matter with whom she goes to
war. \ ; '.
Under any circumstances the rank and file of the
Republican party in San Francisco have nothing to
fear from the struggle that is ahead of them. Even
if the State Committee side with the bosses and defy
the people; even if Herrin and Burke and the South
ern Pacific push be allowed a free hand, in support
ing the disreputable gangs with which they are now
associating, the better elements of the party can win
if they will but give due attention to their political
duties. They far outnumber the predatory classes
that have rallied to the support of the bosses. Since
honest elections at the primaries are assured under
the law, all that good men have to do to win is to go
to the polls and vote. The one thing to be done,
then, is to organize and prepare for election day. The
support of the bosses is noisy and vicious, but it is
not dangerous when good citizens are combined
If, however, the State Committee for any reason
or lack of reason should intrude itself into city poli
tics and give support to the Kelly and Crimmins
crowd, the result will not materially strengthen the
gang. It is no longer in their power to bulldoze
primaries. Since the order of President Hays W. F.
Herrin and the Southern Pacific push are not so po
tent as they used to be. It is true the order for one
cause or another is not being strictly enforced, but
nevertheless the order is there, and some day the at
tention of President Hays may be called to its viola
tion, and then the men who are now mocking at him
may have occasion to regret it
The bosses have asserted that in appealing to the
State Committee they have a sure thing. They be
lieve they, have a sufficient pull to be able to bring
over to their side the members of the State Commit
tee and obtain such a decision as they choose. . It is
quite possible they may be mistaken. A majority of
the committee may refuse to do the bidding of the
bosses. It is well known that the rank and file of the
Republican party will not submit to boss domination;
that a strong majority of the party believes this to be
a favorable time for the elimination of the bosses
altogether, and consequently many members of the
State Committee may place themselves on the side
of the people, despite all that Kelly and Herrin
may do.
Before the adoption of a valid primary election law
Kelly and Crimmins had need of no further help
than that which Herrin and Burke or other politi
cians of the Southern Pacific were willing to give
in return for favors expected and demanded. They
could carry primaries by the simple process of ob
taining gangs of rowdies and plug uglies from the
Democratic camp to join their own gangs in creating
disorder and giving opportunity for fraud in stuffing
ballot-boxes. Under the new law the old tactics can
not be employed, and consequently something more
is required than W. 1 F. Herrin and an assorted lot of
hoodlums. Kelly and Crimmins have therefore turned
to the members of the State Central Committee and
asked them to put their hands in the fire of local poli
tics to' rake out the chestnuts.
THE SUPPORT OF THE BOSSES.
WITH a combination made up of every sort
of dement that can be rallied to their sup
port, Kelly and Crimmins are once more
making a fight for such a position in the Republican
party as will enable them to do politics profitably to
themselves. Their combination includes such men
as John C. Lynch, W.'F. Herrin and Jere Burke. It
also includes opium fiends, ex-convicts and the gen
eral rabble of toughs and roughs who in the past
conld be counted on to dominate primaries by force
or fraud.
It is reported that the cost of handling second class
mail under the present abuse of the system amounts
to about $60,000,000;- that in weight it constitutes
three-fourths of the entire mail, and yet it yields only
$4,000,600 out of the $110,000,000 of revenues derived
from the service as a whole. The Postmaster General
purposes to exclude the fake periodicals from the sec
ond class mails. Congress should have undertaken
the work, but, since it failed to do so, the Postmaster
General after consultation with the Attorney General
• -¦¦¦ - ; ¦ ::¦'¦¦•: ••¦¦ :. •¦¦ ¦ . ¦.: '¦¦¦¦¦ : . , :<¦••,¦,• ... ... •,:¦:
Despite this plain statement of the law abuses
crept in. Publishers of cheap and trashy novels
adopted a plan of publishing them as a series, issued
periodically. Advertising fakers followed the example
and began issuing their publications periodically. The
consequence has been that the Government has been
compelled to carry through the mails at second class
rates a large amount of matter which of right should
never have been admitted to that class.
POSTMASTER GENERAL SMITH'S deter
mination to exclude from the privilege of sec
ond class mail rates certain panlphlets and
papers whichare in no sense justly entitled to them
has naturally aroused the men who" have been for so
long a time profiting by the abuse of the privilege.;
These men have already begun an agitation against
the new rule. The country as a whole, however, will
.approve the order and support it as a measure of
economy and of justice which should have been taken
long ago.
The Call has repeatedly advocated a revision of the
postal laws in that respect along the lines of the Loud
bill, which has been the subject of so much discus
sion in Congress and out of it. The law of, 1879 in
describing the class of publications entitled to sec
ond class rates says: "It must be originated and pub
lished for the dissemination of information of a pub
lic character, or devoted to literature, the sciences,
arts or some special industry, and having a legitimate
list of subscribers; provided, however, that nothing
herein contained shall be so construed as to admit to
second class rate regular publications designed pri
marily for advertising purposes, or for free circula
tion, or for circulation at v a nominal price." v
SECOND CLASS MAIL ABUSE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUI/S" 20, 1901.
FIRST SUBMARINE BOAT WITH
ITS RECORD OF FORTY-TWO VICTIMS
THE WHALE, THE FIRST SUBMARINE BOAT. BUILT DURING THE CIVIL WAR, IS ROTTING "WITH RUST AT
THE BROOKLYN NAVY YARD. THE VESSEL WAS EXPECTED TO PERFORM WONDERS, BUT HER ONLY
WORK WAS THE DROWNING OF HER CREWS.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "Babes in the Wood."
Orpheura— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Under Two Flara."
Alcazar — "The School for Scandal."
Grand Opera-house— "The White Heather."
Central— "Michael Strogoff."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' 6— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
AUCTION SAXES.
By Wm. G. Layng— Tuesday, July 23, Horses, at 721 How-
ard street.
By Union Stockyards Company— Monday, July 29, at 10
o'clock. Packing -houge Machinery, at Rodeo. Cal.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SDMm
Call subscriber* contemplating a chaos* 9f
residence daring: the summer months cab baT«
their paper forwarded by mail to their aew
addresses by notifying; The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be om sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent la
all tawm on the coast.
a gP9PQ.gQQgQQgpoppooooooo o_o_Q_g_oJg ©J
Jj CALIFORNIA'S |
1 OIL QUEEN. I
II THE SUNDAY EXODUS FROM I
J -.H SAN FRANCISCO. |
K THE LAWYER AND gS
'. I HIS^FEE. | |
I COMING SPORTING EVENTS. I
g°j BY LOUIS HONIO. * i V |oS
| Next Sunday's Call j
il THE FIVE BATTLES Ajl
3 YOUNG MAN HAS p
I TO FIGHT. p
BY REV. F. K. BAKER. |S
£% LITTLE RODNEY JONES' il
i| PETITION TO p
|o| PRESIDENT McKINLEY. Ei
II HOW MULES ARE TRAINED |
I hTHE YOSEMITE TRAILS. |Bade Lubovic, a member of the Austrian
camp, was found dead near the scene of
the battle. As a result of the fight the
Greeks are arming themselves and a
pitched battle Is feared. :
The Union Pacific. has a large fore© of
graders at work west ol here and yester
day being . pay day a large number of
them, camft to town. Many: of them in
dulged In liquor. When they started home
the men from the two rival camp3 got
Into a fight over a handcar, each crowd
claiming it. The Austrians attacked the
Greeks with knives, revolvers and clubs
and completely routed them after severely
wounding six of their number. The wound
ed men were taken to the hospital, where
four of them now lie. ¦
SIDNEY, Nebr., July 19.— The
and Austrians had a conflict here and as
a result there are six Greeks wounded
and one Austrian dead.
GREEK AND AUSTRIAN
IN A DEADLY COMBAT
TO SAIL.
Marguerite Dollfus, hence March 24: Br ship
Merioneth, hence March 29; Br ship Duchal
burn, hence March 19,
COLON— Arrived July ' 19-Stmr Advance,
from New York.
Sailed July 16 — Stmr City of Washington, for
Now York.
DUBLIN— Arrived July 17— Br ship Andro
meda, f rom .- Tacoma.
VLADIVOSTOK— Sailed .July 13— Ger ship
Para, for Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed July 18— Ship St
David, for Honolulu.
„ NANAIMO-Sailed July 18-Ger Btmr Her
monthls, for Seattle.
Arrived July 18— Stmr San Mateo. from Port
Los Anseles. .
SYDNEY— Arrived July 19— Schr Mahukona,
from Port Gamble.
OCEAN, STEAMERS.
BROWHEAD — Passed July 19 — Stmr Campa
nia, from New York, for Queenstown and Liv
erpool. •
GENOA— Arrived July 19— Stmr AUer, from
New York, via Gibraltar and Naples.
CHERBOURG- Sailed July 19— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Bremen and Southampton, for
New York.
USANANT— Passed July 18— Stmr Pentaur,
from San Francisco, via Guaymas, for Ham
burg.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 18— Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg Southampton and Cher
bourg; stmr Pennland, from Antwerp.
SOUTAMPTON— Sailed July 19— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg, for New York, via
Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 18— Stmr Cym
ric, from New York, for Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 19— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York.
REDDING, July 19.— The famous Lost
Cabin diggings are believed to be almost
within the grasp of Florian Le May and
Andy Utne, two Siskiyou County miners.
From the Lost Cabin claims a party
reached Castle Lake in 1858 with three
muleloads of placer gold, but was never
able to find the place . again, nor have
hundreds of searching expeditions since
been able to . do so. The miners named
believe the rich diggings are located in
extreme North Trinity County, near the
Siskiyou border. In addition to numerous
similar landmarks, Le May is said to have
discovered a blazed tree in the almost in
accessible region. The Lost Cabin discov
erers claimed they blazed the way out
from their rich find.
Hay Find a Famous Lost Mine.
The Belvedere had made a big catch,
having taken nine whales. The Karluk,
had one and the others were clean.
When the tug was lying at St. Michael
the river steamers Monarch, Susie, Tyr
rell, Lightning and John P. Knight were
there with others whose names could not
be remembered. They had brought down
more than 2000 passengers from Dawson
to Cape Nome and from some of the pas
sengers Captain Cutler learned that quite
a stampede had set in from the Klondike
to the American camp. A number of
whalers were reported. The Belvedere,
the William Bayliss, the Karluk and the
Jeanette were at St. Michael coaling, and
when the tug called at Dutch Harbor on
July 11 she spoke the Fearless, which had
taken one. whale off the F'arweather
Grounds and reported having ?7000 worth
of bone.
News was given by the tug of the wreck
of one of the otter hunting fleet off San
niac, a point between Shumagin Island
and Unimak Pass. They generally used
this entrance to the Bering Sea, The
schooner was seen stranded on the beach
while Captain Cutler was towing his fleet
of three barges to St. Michael. She was
full of water and seemingly deserted. He
did not go in to make inquiries. That she
was one of the otter hunters he was al
most certain. ¦ ' .
VCTORIA, B. C. July 19.— The tug
Pilot, which returned from St. Michael
to-night, brought news of a tragedy
along the shores near the mouth of the
Yukon. When the steamer was lying at
St. Michael on July 6 Captain, Cutler
learned from Indians who had come in
from a point twenty miles up from St.
Michael that the bodies of five white men
had been found lying in the • ice. Two
were lying on . their | sled, with the frozen
bodies of their dogs still harnessed to the
sled, and three others were found along
the trail further on, some distance sep
arating them from one another. The In
dians reported that they had in all prob
ability been lying there from five to six
months. None. of them could be identi
fied. ¦ ' v \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Carcasses of Victims' Dogs
Found Still Harnessed
to Their Sleda
Indians Jfrake . Ghastly
Discovery Near the
Yukon's Mouth.
FROZEN BODIES
OF FIVE MINERS
Stmr Alex Duncan, Leland, Eanta Crua.
Br stmr Strathpyle,' Gordon, Portland.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bowens Landing:.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Port Blalte
ley.
Schr Newark, Cranele, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 19, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocltyl 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 19— Schr Louise,
for Umpqua,
NEAH BAY— Passed out July 19— Bktn J M
Griffith, for San Pedro; Br bark Poltalloch.
for .
NEAH BAY— Passed In July 19— Br ship
Largo Law, from London, for British Colum
bia; ship Glory of the Seas, hence July 6, for
Nanaimo; bktn Wrestler, from Noumea; schr
Wm Bowden, from Honolulu. ' }
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 19— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 19— Ger stmr Her
monthls, from Nanaimo.
Sailed July 18— Stmr Despatch, for Fair
haven.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in July 19— Ger
etmr Hermonthls, from Nanaimo; stmr Valen
cia, from Oyster Harbor, for Seattle.
¦ Arrived July 19— Ger bark Gustav and Oscar,
from Table Bay.
Sailed July 19— Bktn J M Griffiths, for San
Pedro.
Arrived July 18— Schr Golden 'Shore, from
Honolulu. July 19— Schr Reporter, from Hono
lulu.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 19— Nor
stmr Titanla, from Nanaimo.
TACOMA— Sailed July 19— Schr Annie Larsen,
for. San Pedro; bark Highland Light, for San
Francisco. •• . ¦ , ¦ .
Arrived July 19— Bark Levi G Burgess, hence
July 7. , . - . ,
NEWPORT— Arrived July 19— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
COOS BAY— Arrived July IS— Schr Gotama,
hence July 8. . . " ¦'
ASTORIA— Arrived July 19— Stmr Geo W El
der, hence July 17; Br ship Dumfriesshire,*
from Hioso.
- Outside bound in July 19— Br ship Galgate,
from Callao.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 19— Stmr Iaqua,
from Eureka.
Sailed July 19— Ehtp Dashing Wave, from Ta
coma.
EPREKA— Arrived " July 19-Stmr North
Fork, hence July 17.
Sailed July 19— Schr O M Kellogg, for Hono
lulu.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed July 19— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco. ? .
PORT HAD LOCK— Arrived July 18-Stmr
Robert Dollar, from Whatcom.
FOREIGN PORTS. -
SWANSEA— Sailed July 19— Fr- bark Con
stable de Richemont, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July . 18— Fr bark
FROM SEATTLE.
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having: through Bleeping
car service between Ban Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-oxers allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 126 California street. •
Bun, Moon and Tide,
United States Coast and Geadetio Survey-**
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to BaM
Francisco Bay, Published by official au
thority ef tha Superintendent,
NOTE— The hten and low waters oeeur at
tha city' front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later, than at Fort Point}
the height of tide is the game at both places,
Notice la hereby riven of the following pro
posed changes in the aids to navigation in this
dUtrlct.
Tongue Point Crossing 1 Rang* Lights— On
July 2S, 1801, a fixed white lantern Hs-nt will
bo established on the high bank at the west
ern entrance (Inshore tide) of the railroad cut
(it Toncue Point, Oregon, near the present
ranyo signals established by the Government
dredge, to form- the rear light of a range for
the Tongue Point crowing.
The color of the present buoy depot wharf
r©«t light will be changed from white to red
on the above date and it will be used to form
the front light of the range. '. . .. ;
The foreeolns affects the List of Lights and
Fes Blgnali, Paolflo Coast, 1SC1, No. 92; and
the List of Beacons and Buoys, Paolflo Coast,
1901, par* 63.
By order of the Lighthouse Board,
W. P. PAT, .
Commander, IT. S. N.
Lighthouse Inspector,
Office ef TJnlUd States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland, Oregon, July 16, 1901.
Notice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA RIVER, OREGON.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Gleneselin will load wheat here for
Europe at 89s Sd; the Xeck, same voyage at
35a; the British eteamer Oak Branch, wheat
for Europe or Mediterranean, 40s, If two
ports, 41b Sd; all three vessela were chartered
prior to arrival. The Norwegian steamer
Thyra •will load lumber at Portland for Taku;
the Henry B. Hyde has been laid on the berth
for New Tork.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Transcontinental Passenger Associa
tion concluded its quarterly session this
afternoon after making rates for the
homeseekers' excursions to California,
which are one fare plus $2 for the round
trip. The excursions are to be made in
August and September. The dates of sell
ing are the first and third Tuesdays in
each month.
Ths advisory committee of the Western
Passenger Association held a short session
after the adjournment of the Transconti
nental Association, but nothing of Im
portance was done. To-morrow morning
the Southwestern Passenger Bureau will
convene. It is probable that all important
business will be disposed of at to-mor
row's session.
AE.BAITGE THE BATES
FOB THE HOMESEEKEBS
Transcontinental Passenger Associa
tion Delegates Conclude Quarterly
Session in Colorado.
GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Colo., July 19.—
an oil operator in the Beaumont fields,
was here to-day. He says that he was at
Sabine, a few miles south of Beaumont,
yesterday and was driven from the place
by a plague of mosqultces.
The mosquitoes came from adjacent salt
marshes in great clouds, wh!ch "darkened
the %ht of the sun. The insects settled
down on Sabine, &nd the workmen who
were employed in constructing the oil
pipeline ot the Lone Star and Crescent
Company were forced to flee for their
lives. Al> work was puspended and the
people tock refuge under mosquito bars,
where they remained all day.
Many head of cattle, horses and other
animals were killed by the insects. Welsh
states that th<? mosquitoes were so thick
it was impossible to breathe in the open
air. It is the worst plague of mosquiioes
ever experienced on the Texas coast
Animals Killed by the Plague and
Men Are Cozntjellled to Seek
Shelter.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 19.— Thomas Welsh,
CLOTTD OF MOSQUITOES
ON THE OIL FIELDS
TO ARRIVE.
Nine Vessels In From the Islands
With I«arge Cargoes..
A fleet of nine vessels carrying nearly
16,000 tons of 6Ugar arrived in port yester
day. The Diamond Head, with 23,2&4 bags
aboard, was the first to get in. All of the
vessels were outside in a bunch Thursday
night, but the Diamond Head was the
first to get ths- breeze and come in. She
was followed in by the Marion Chilcott
with 41.432, the Olympic with 38,081, the
St. Katherine with 31,509, the Consuelo
with 7202, the Kailua with 22,646, the
George Curtis ¦with 48,828, the Transit with
15,300 and the Santiago with 27,100.
The best run was made by the brig Con-
Buelo, which came up from Mahukona in
seventeen and one-half days. The next
best was the four-masted bark Olympic,
twenty days from Honolulu, while the
schooner Transit was close up with twen
ty-one days from Kahului. The longest
run of all was the bark St. Katherine.
She was thirty-three days coming here
from Hilo. For that matter, every one
of the passages is long, and there is not
one of the fleet that has not made the
same run within twelve days.
BIG STJGAB FLEET ABJUVES.
AVERT Interesting If not exciting
ocean race was finished yester
day. Four of the vessels made
port so nearly together that the
captains have decided to call the
contest a draw.
The ships Marion Chilcott and George
Curtis sailed from Honolulu on June 26.
The same day the bark Santiago left Hilo
for this port and the schooner "William
Bowden left Honolulu for Puget Sound.
Early yesterday morning the Chilcott
passed in, and a few hours later she was
followed by the Curtis and the Santiago.
These vesels had barely their anchors
down before the Bowden was reported
passing Neah Bay. The passage of twen
ty-three days is. a long one, but. none of
the captains are grumbling, when they
consider that one vessel was as slow as
the other.
The Marion Chilcott is now owned in
San Francisco. She was formerly the
British, ship Kilbrannan. and was wrecked
in Puget Sound. She was condemned and
sold to Barneson & Chilcott, who raised
and repaired her. Later she obtained an
American registry and made several trips
from the Sound to Australia for her new
owners. Then she was used as a freight
transport by the Government, and again
went back into the Australian trade.
While on her way from Newcastle, Aus
tralia, to Honolulu she was purchased by
"William Matson and will be added to his
Hllo fleet of clippers. The Santiago
which made the run from Hilo in twenty.
three days, also belongs to Captain Mat
son's fleet.
Captain "vTeeden, who brought the Ma
rlon Chilcott here, will leave the vessel as
Boon as she is taken over by her new
owner, and Captain Rock will probably
take command for one voyage.
Secretary of Wavy Takes Exception
to Maclay's Volume.
•VTASHIXGTON. July 19.— The Secretary
©f the Navy nas decided that the third
volume of Maclay's history of the Span
ish-American War shall not be used as a
text book at the naval academy unless
the obnoxious langruage it contains in
characterizing the action of Rear Admiral
Schley is eliminated. The Secretary says
it would be manifestly improper to have
a history containing such intemperate
language as a text book for the cadets
He will inform both Commander Wain
¦nripht. who is in command of the naval
Ecaaemy, and Maclay. the author, of his
decision. In his decision the Secretary
says the contents of the entire volume
were not submitted to him by the his
torian. He received only the proofs of
the third chapter, that relating to the
mobilizing of the fleets, which contained
the summary of the orders which he as
gecretary of the Navy, had issued in
making: the naval preparations for the
war. That chapter was satisfactory, and
he returned it to Maclay with an indica
tion of his approval. He says he never
saw the account of the battle of San
tiago and the criticisms of Rear Admiral
Schley until after the book was published.
Maclay was appointed to his present posi
tion in the New York Navy Yard August
13, 169S, having been transferred from the
lighthouse service.
NOT APPBOVED BY IX>NO.
William McKinley. President. Canton. Ohio:
Maclay's History of the Navy Is the standard
in use at the Naval Academy. In the third
volume, just issued, the historian charges Rear
Amlral Echley with being- a coward, a liar, a
caitiff, an Incompetent subordinate. In an in
terview in' the American this morning, Mac
lay, the historian, who Is a Navy Department
clerk, classed as a laborer and attached to the
Brooklyn Navy Tard. eays that the proofs of
this third volume, which should have told the
most glorious story in all our naval annals,
were submitted to Secretary Long and Admiral
Sampson and approved by them in advance of
publication; also that L>ong put him in his
present position after he had read and ap
proved this scurrilous attack upon Admiral
Rchley. These proofs were also submitted to
Admiral Schley. who refused to read them. If
aupht were needed to convince any fair-minded
man that a clique In the ICavy Department has
conspired to traduce the hero of Santiago, and
that the conspiracy was carried . into execution
while that brave and gallant officer was Buf
fering expatriation in the fever-infested coasts
of South America, this should furnish it. Will
you, Mr. President, in view of all this. Bit
quietly by and permit these conspirators to
continue their diabolical work? Every Justice
loving, American appeals to you to Intervene
in the name and for the sake of fair play.
*.ext to being rjgrht all the time, which no
man ever was. the best thing Is to find out as
eoon as possible that you are wrong and right
yourself Immediately. FELIX ANGUS.
BALTIMORE, July 13.— General Felix
Angus, publisher of the Baltimore Amer
ican, has telegraphed the following: to
President McKInley:-
Shows Conspiracy Against
Hero of Santiago.
Declares Maclay's History
Wires President Asking
That the Wrong Be
Righted.
GENERAL ANGUS
DEFENDS SCHLEY
SATURDAY, JULY 20,
NOTE — In tba above exposition of the tides
th« early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
(lay in >- ne order at occurrence as to time of
day} the third time column gives the last tide
of tha d&y, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights griveo
Hjrtt in (addition to the soundings on the United
¦ Friday, July J»,
Ktmr Point Arena, Uansen, 11 hours frem.
Mendeelno, . . •
Btmr Pomona, Bhaa, 18U hours from. Eureka,
Stmr Coos IJay, Nicholson, 1 70 hours from
Newport, eto. ..
Stmr Columbia, Doran, B5V4 hours freifl Pert*
land, via, Astoria 8SU hours,
Stmr Lakme, Odland, 61 hours frem Ban
Btrar W H Krugrer, Kro«, 09 haura frem TiU
lamookj bound south) put In to jand. passen
ger?, ' ,.
fitmr AJeaear, Martin. IS hours from Cleans.
Btmr Ueo Loerols, . Bridffett, 87 hours from.
Ventura,
Btmr Jehn R KJnibalj, Thylng, 15 flays from
Nome, via Puteh. Jiarber w days, via, peattle
71 hpurp,
Ship Qeergre Curtis, Calheun, 93 days frem
Honolulu,
p.hip Marion Chileett, Wreden, 99 days frem.
' Honolulu,
Br ship Maoltan, Emraett, 67 days frera Vad-:
paralso, .
Park Pt Katberine, Saunders, 89 days from
Hllo. v
Park Olympic, Gibbs, p9 days fror^ Honsr
lulu.
Barl? Santiags, Engrails,; ?a day9 (Fern Hllo,
Brig Consuelo, . Page, 171$ days front >lahur
PohV Transit, J>ulsan, Bt daJfs fatti Kahului.
Pchr Kailua, Hellquist, B7 dayq from Eleela.
CLEARED, ' ..
. Friday, July 19,
ptmF panta I^esa; AlezaadeF, Baq. Diege;
Goodall, Perkins & po. '
Btmr Coos Bay. Shea, Nicholson, San Pedra;
Goodall, PerkitiB & Co. '
Btmr Homer, Donaldson, Unalaskas North
American Com Co. , . •
Br gt^ir WellinKtoB. Balrnond, Oyster Harr
bor; H Dunsmuir's $ons Co.
RAILED, '
• ; . . Friday, July.19,
Btmr W K Kruger, Kroff. southern coast,
Btmr Green^^ood, ITagerlund, ¦ .
. Bchr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, Grays Harbor, .
Shipping Intelligence,
ARRIVED,
Time Ball,
Branch Hydrotrraphlo Office, U, S, N., Mer.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 19, 1801. '
The tlma ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day-r
1. «., at noon of the 130th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. in.. Greenwich tlma, .
C.O, CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U, S. N., in charge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli, SATURDAY^ JTILY ?0, 1901.
Four of the Ships Sail on the Same Day and Make Port Within a Few
Hours of Each Other— -Over 16,000 Tons of Cane Juice Afloat
in /the Bay- — Marion Chilcott Now Owned in San Francisco
ARRIVAL OF SUGAR FLEET
FROM THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
A FLEET OP NINE SUGAR LADEN VESSELS ARRIVED FROM THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS YESTERDAY. THE
SHIPS MARION CHILCOTT AND GEORGE CURTIS LEFT HONOLULU TOGETHER AND ARRIVED IN PORT
WITHIN A FEW HOURS OF EACH OTHER. v
Steamer Movements.
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
BOSTON, July 19.— Chief of Police Wall
received a telegram from an officer at
Matean Light, Quebec, to-day, stating
that he has taken , Blondin, the alleged
wife-murderer, Into custody at that place.
He sends word that Blondin has con
fessed. *
Blondin Has Confessed.
BOISE, Idaho, July 19.— A curious acci
dent to a tramp occurred last evening near
Glenn's Ferry. The tramp, who gave his
name as Edward Loundry, was riding a
brake beam on a westbound passenger
train. As the train was coming down
Medbury Hill his clothes caught fire and
¦were nearly burned off. He bung on. but
when the train reached the ferry he
dropped off in a fainting condition. His
back was roasted from the hips up. It
Is thought the man will die.
CLOTHES OF A TRIP
ABLAZE ON A TRAIN
7
Bun
Hun
Moo;
rises ,,,.,,,
Bets ,,,imi>
i pets ,,,,,,
Time
Ft,
H W
2:14 ~Ti
3:12 4.3
4:16 3.9
5:26 3.6
0:17 1.3
j:12 1,0
1:58 0.6
'J»;ifj
Time
U w
»;14
10:18
,..5:83
,,7(29
p, m,
ITlmel
n f iff i
i'l
Time
Ft.
H W
•8;20~M
4:00 6.8
4,0 5.3
5: 21 5.S
Z, TV
1U12 2.5
12:09 ?.7
1:04 8.0
Pftt«
I, W
8:20
8:56
9:40
10:22
H TV^
6;43
7:56
6:00
Ft,
Ft,
§7.
¦ 9 d
1.6
1.6
26,,,
S.5
8,6
3,8
h'w
<5iO3
7:35
P.3
5,5
Steamer.
1
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
July 2O. !
CoQiiIlle Rlv. Grays Harbor
Mandalay Coqullle, River /.
Arctic Nome and Teller..
Homer Alaskan Ports
Zealandla.... Honolulu
TJmatllla Puget Sound Ports
Rival WlUapa Harbor ...|
Coos Bay Newport & Way Pt
.July 21.
Pomona Humboldt ...|
Santa Rosa..^ San Diego & Way.
July 22.
Empire Coos Bay
Rainier Seattle & N. What.
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Pt_ Arena.... Point Arena I
Santa Barb. . Humboldt
July 23.
J. B. Klmball Nome via Seattle..
Bonlta Ban Pedro & Way.
Eureka Humboldt
July 24.
Ooronado Grays Harbor
Noyo Humboldt
Btate of Cal.. San Diego & Way.
July 25.
Ft. Paul...... Nome & St Michael
Carlisle City. China and Japan. .
Peru China & Japon....
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.
G. Dollar — 3rays Harbor .'.V.
Arcata. ....... Coos Bay
July 26.
North Fork.. Humboldt
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Robt. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock.
12 m
6 pm
12 m
8 am
2 pm
11 am
12 m
9 am
1:30 p
9 am
12 m
5 pm
Ham
2 pm
10 am
¦ v
Pier 28
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 7
Pier 9
5th St.
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 3
Pier 2
\
4 pm
9 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 13
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
2 pm
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
12 m
¦ 1
Pier 34
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
9 cm
10 am
5 pm
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 2
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael. ..I.
Rival Willapa Harbor
Empire Coos Bay
Crescent City. . Crescent City
Noyo Humboldt
Eureka ..... Humboldt
Santa Barb'ra. San Pedro
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts.
Corona......... San Diego
Milton Kanalmo
Matteawan.... Taeoma
Tellus Oyster Harbor^
San Bias Panama & Way Ports..
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
San Pedro Humboldt
Asuncion Seattle
Robt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock....
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael...
North Fork Humboldt
Mariposa Sydney & Way Ports..
Sierra Honolulu
Arcata Coos Bay
Hermontbls.... Seattle
Coronado San Pedro
G. W. Elder.. Portland and Astoria..
Mackinaw Seattle -.:
Progreso Taeoma
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Ports
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports.
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay...
Washtenaw.... Taeoma
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports .
Coptic China and Japan..
Point Arena... Point Arena
Pomona Humboldt
July 20
July 20
July 20
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 23
July 23
July 22
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 26
July 26
July 26
July 26
Steamer.
Destination,
Sails,
Portland Nome & St. Michael....
Chaa. D. Lane. Nome £ Teller City.,.,
pottage City... Skaaruay . & Way Ports.
Farallon Bkaguay & Way Ports,
Victorian....... Skaruay & Way Ports.
Queen Bkafjuay & Way Ports.
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts
Kome City Nome & Teller City.,..
Humboldt...... Skaaruay & Way Ports,
Conemaugh.... Noma & St. Michael., .,
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports, j
July 20
July 20
July 22
July 23
July 83
July 24
July 85
July 28
July 25
July 25
July 29
Steamer.
1
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
July 2O. !
CoQiiIlle Rlv. Grays Harbor
Mandalay Coqullle, River /.
Arctic Nome and Teller..
Homer Alaskan Ports
Zealandla.... Honolulu
TJmatllla Puget Sound Ports
Rival WlUapa Harbor ...|
Coos Bay Newport & Way Pt
.July 21.
Pomona Humboldt ...|
Santa Rosa..^ San Diego & Way.
July 22.
Empire Coos Bay
Rainier Seattle & N. What.
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Pt_ Arena.... Point Arena I
Santa Barb. . Humboldt
July 23.
J. B. Klmball Nome via Seattle..
Bonlta Ban Pedro & Way.
Eureka Humboldt
July 24.
Ooronado Grays Harbor
Noyo Humboldt
Btate of Cal.. San Diego & Way.
July 25.
Ft. Paul...... Nome & St Michael
Carlisle City. China and Japan. .
Peru China & Japon....
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.
G. Dollar — 3rays Harbor .'.V.
Arcata. ....... Coos Bay
July 26.
North Fork.. Humboldt
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Robt. Dollar Seattle & Hadlock.
12 m
6 pm
12 m
8 am
2 pm
11 am
12 m
9 am
1:30 p
9 am
12 m
5 pm
Ham
2 pm
10 am
¦ v
Pier 28
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 7
Pier 9
5th St.
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 3
Pier 2
\
4 pm
9 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 13
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
2 pm
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
12 m
¦ 1
Pier 34
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
9 cm
10 am
5 pm
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 2
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael. ..I.
Rival Willapa Harbor
Empire Coos Bay
Crescent City. . Crescent City
Noyo Humboldt
Eureka ..... Humboldt
Santa Barb'ra. San Pedro
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts.
Corona......... San Diego
Milton Kanalmo
Matteawan.... Taeoma
Tellus Oyster Harbor^
San Bias Panama & Way Ports..
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
San Pedro Humboldt
Asuncion Seattle
Robt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock....
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael...
North Fork Humboldt
Mariposa Sydney & Way Ports..
Sierra Honolulu
Arcata Coos Bay
Hermontbls.... Seattle
Coronado San Pedro
G. W. Elder.. Portland and Astoria..
Mackinaw Seattle -.:
Progreso Taeoma
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Ports
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports.
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay...
Washtenaw.... Taeoma
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports .
Coptic China and Japan..
Point Arena... Point Arena
Pomona Humboldt
July 20
July 20
July 20
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 23
July 23
July 22
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 26
July 26
July 26
July 26
Bun
Hun
Moo;
rises ,,,.,,,
Bets ,,,imi>
i pets ,,,,,,
Time
Ft,
H W
2:14 ~Ti
3:12 4.3
4:16 3.9
5:26 3.6
0:17 1.3
j:12 1,0
1:58 0.6
'J»;ifj
Time
U w
»;14
10:18
,..5:83
,,7(29
p, m,
ITlmel
n f iff i
i'l
Time
Ft.
H W
•8;20~M
4:00 6.8
4,0 5.3
5: 21 5.S
Z, TV
1U12 2.5
12:09 ?.7
1:04 8.0
Pftt«
I, W
8:20
8:56
9:40
10:22
H TV^
6;43
7:56
6:00
Ft,
Ft,
§7.
¦ 9 d
1.6
1.6
26,,,
S.5
8,6
3,8
h'w
<5iO3
7:35
P.3
5,5
Steamer.
Destination,
Sails,
Portland Nome & St. Michael....
Chaa. D. Lane. Nome £ Teller City.,.,
pottage City... Skaaruay . & Way Ports.
Farallon Bkaguay & Way Ports,
Victorian....... Skaruay & Way Ports.
Queen Bkafjuay & Way Ports.
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts
Kome City Nome & Teller City.,..
Humboldt...... Skaaruay & Way Ports,
Conemaugh.... Noma & St. Michael., .,
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports, j
July 20
July 20
July 22
July 23
July 83
July 24
July 85
July 28
July 25
July 25
July 29
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST TWO CHANCES TO SEE
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS LADT TEAZLE, Supported by White
Whlttlesey, In
"THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL."
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY.
Next Week— "THE COUNTRY GIRL/'
Seats Now on Sale.
' MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. July 20.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved. .
VAUDEVILLE IN ALL ITS MODERN REFINEMENT
CHEVAIilEB EURICO MARIO
SCOGNAMILLO; DAMM BROTE-
' ERS; CHARLES LEONARD
FLETCHER; ETTA BUTLER:
GILBERT AND GOLDIE; IRVING
JONES; BIOGRAPH, AND LAST
TIMES OF CLAYTON WHITE
AND MARIE STUART, AND
PROSPER TROUPE.
- 1 VOL I*-
Evenings at 3. Matinee Saturday at 3.
LAST WEEK— THE GREAT HIT
THE BABES
th" WOOD.
Next Week— By Universal Request,
"THE TOY MAKER."
Popular Prices ,. 25a and 50o
GRAND OPERA SEASON JULY 29,
Orders Now Taken for Season Seata.
Bale for Opening Week. Monday, July O.
Telephone — Bush 9. •
MATINKES TODAY &' TO-MORROW (Bub.)
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Eve— Last Ttmeg
Magnificent Spectacular Production «(
MICHAEL STROGOFF
Gergeeus Scenery— See the "Burningf e? Kq1)~
van." the Greatest and Most Realist iq
Stage Illusion Eve* Seen, ;
JAMES M, BROPHY' AND A GREA? CAST t
PDirCC Evenings.,,,,,,. 10o. ISo. 2So, 85c. (0q
I flltLJ Matinees,, ,,,,,,,, 10c, loo, 25a
NEXT MONDAY— A Star Cast In a Gorgeous;
Production of 'TRILBY,' 1 '
GHUTES_and ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
special To-night I
CHAMPIONSHIP
CAKEWALK!
SEES
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OF THE AIR. '
Telephone for Seats — Park 23. ' ":.'
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDhouse
MATTNBES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OP
The White Heather
Commencing MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Will Present
Steele Mackay"9 Greatest Play.
"PAUL KAUVAR."
; PRICES— 10c. 15c, 28c. 80c, Be.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees ISo.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
IbULUfflDlA LEADING THEATRE
GOOD-BT MATINEE |T1T|\|^|V
'5f^-°"" aiTt UINUtK
FROHMAN'S
COLOSSAL.
PRODUCTION *\*9
By Arrangement With .^^^,
DAVID BELASCO. SlBBB
Paul M. Potter's
Blgr Drama on W^ W I fy
Ou Ida' s Famous Novel. 1j H A 1,K
BLANCHE BATES FLAlll!
as ••CIGARETTE." * *-*X*.V»^/
Beginning Next Monday. July 22. the Repre-
sentative Irish Comedian. MR. CHATTNCEY
OLCOTT. In His Latest Success. "GARRETT
O'MAGH." Seats Now Beady.
EPWORTH LEAGUE
CONCERT
TO MEET THE DEMAND
Will Be- —
REPEA TED
Monday Night, My 22d,
GRAND ORGAN, PARK SISTERS. JT7ANITA
.CLUB.
RESERVE© BEAT TICKETS WI1A ONLT
BE BOLD.
PRICE, 75 CENTS.
Box office) open MONDAY, Mechanic!' Pa*
vlllon. 1 - ¦
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO ys. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT8USP.M,
. SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M,
RECREATION PARK,
Etebth. and Harrison itreeU.
FISCHERS oo^S' te n H &Y SE '
CHARITY MARTIN, .0, 9, WAN.RELL,
Pietra Buazi, Jamea J. JIackey, Clinton Montt
goraery, the Kelcey Sisters, Baby Ruth, Mtsa
Alice Wrenandl Clarenca Lyndon and Hinrichs'
Orchestra. Reserved Seats 25c, Matinee Sunday,
~SUTRO BATHS, T
OPBIS NIGHTS,
0PHK DAIKT FROM | A, M, TO U P, M,
-¦¦ Bathing: from 7 a. tn'. 'to l^SQ p. m.
ADMISSION. Wo — fMH CHILDREN 5a
Bathing, including admission, ESc; children 20a
fS^HOTEL.^^1
(3onnected hy % covered paa-
sageway and operated jointly ;
\inder- pae management on tha
American and European plans.
1W0 rooms: 900 with baths.
L^GRAND%^.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Tear
er. It la the very best [([{ y / VuMiArtri^Ui,
shoe material of its kind r JF f^ofifl^f '^Sv^jjwii,'
makes them soft and nil- I \ mLJF^ J%^hiiw iafl" ' ™llHk B
able. It makes them last Y\lj8lf^**'''ll)lj)F \
able than any other leath- y&P2- k* / OT
cret lies in the method of KING CALF I \jrfr 1 1'
pest " is provc<l by at- . ; - : ' *S"H"
tempts to imitate It, They have been many, but unsuccessful. - ¦-«¦'
« The entire output of King Calf is controlled by the manufae» 1 1,
turero of Regal Shoes, It cannot be obtained, in any other make 1 1
of phoea, • • - . Ill
Try a pair of Regal*. They are , the equal In every respect of II
any $8,00 phoa Bold in Ban Francisco, The Regal method of manu- ¦ I-
featuring and sailing enables us to offer at $3.60 a shoe that is fully 1 1
the equal in style, qualit y and fit of much higher priced shoes, 1 1
THE ONLY STORE WEST OF THE MISSOURI
feg? SELLING DIRECT FROM
TANNERY TO CON- '
: i^^mSS^ SUMER.
¦'.-* Men's Shoes Only,
./ Cor. Gear j arid Stockton Sts.
_ Women's Regal Shoes are made in all the popular styles, both :
painty and mannish, The same ' reasons which account for the
superiority of men's Regal Shoeq apply equally well to the wom^
ens styles. Women's Regal Shoes are obtainable through the Mail
•Order Department. Address X., C. Bliss & Co., Manufacturers,, 109
Summer street, Boston, Mass. : '
CATALOGUE OF MEN'S AND WOMEN'S SHOES = 'SENT ON
I •-¦'¦ , APPLICATION, JL -
V- ' •' ¦"-¦•-¦-• -¦¦-;¦¦ - -•.-¦¦ ¦:- : ¦ ¦- MJ
¦^>^ M _ |LL 1 -| _.. ... m _."* r^ "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A MODEL HUSBAND
X man tnunt be that can wear the ehlrts
and collars that we eee dally upon suffer*
ing mankind. Why torture yourself with
a caw edge collar when we will smooth
the edges tor you. or why wear a shirt
front that looks like a mackerel eky In
an oil painting when we will launder it
in faultless fctyle for you?
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat. -
Telephone— South 42O, ¦
Oakland Office— 94 San Pablo Ave,
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
i *r ths Car* of Gonorrhoea, G!«ot»,
Strict urea and analogous complaint* >
of thm Or&ana of Generation. „ -
*«<* U « bottl* For Ml* by ¦ OnigglMf.
\2'__ ADVERTISEMENTS. _ __
OOnMOMT 1 100 »Y THl PIlOCTtK * OAMtlt OO. OWOWMWT1
A CASE OF EXTRAVAGANCE
fSFIiElOU never cut off three-quarters of a new
$\$ of soap and throw it away! Yet you
• ar fi * pay twice the price of Ivory Soap for a cake
IJ$JJfI o { « tinted " toilet soap less than half as
large. Your little cake'of^Iet soap costs you four
times the price of Ivory, for it lasts only half as long
and costs twice as much. No money can buy purer
or better soap than Ivory. If it came in dainty
paper, all scented and colored, you would pay fifteen
cents for a very small cake of it.
, > ii — — ¦ — — — — — — — — — ¦ — — — —When the. horse a man bets on comes In
last he begins to realize that time is
money. . .
Kcnlo Park Postof flea Bobbed.
MEXLO PARK. July IS.— The ' Menlo
Park postoffice was entered by burglars
tarly this morning and robbed of about
$£50. The safe was blown open with
eome powerful explosive and completely
wrecked. ". •:>. • . • .
Extension of Mission Wharf.
The work of extending Mission-street
wharf 200 ' feet was Ijegun yesterday.
Washington-street' wharf has already
been completed, and when Mission is ex
tended no work in that direction will be
done on the other wharves for some time
to come. The object of extending Wash
ington and Mission street- wharves was to
do away as much as possible with the
tides at the ferries. The ebb and ' flow
now makes it hard work docking the fer
ry steamers, but the extension of the
wharves will break the force of the cur
rent and make dockln? easy.
Steamships for Wheat Trade.'
Among the arrivals yesterday was the
British steamer Oak Branch, from Moro
ran, Japan. She comes : here in ballast
and is under, charter to , load 'wheat ¦. for
Europe. The Norwegian steamer Thyra.
Is to load at Portland, and the following
are on their .way here - to load : From
Hakodate. Austrian steamer . Klek, .2486
tons net burden; from Hongkong, British
steamer 'Flintshire,' 2476 tons- net; from
Yokohama, British steamers Imogen, 2454
tons net :-Cymbeline, 2150 tons net; Glen
lochy, 2997 tons net. and : Hyson, 4332 tons
net burden.' All " of them will come here
in ballast except the Flintshire.
Will Open New Coursing Park.
The olrectors of the Melrose Coursing
Club- will open their grounds at Melrose
on the 27th inst. with a r.iaety-Klx dog
ftnke. The total purse will be $600. The
drswinr will take place Thursday even
ir^ at Pylblan Castle. Arrangements for
the opening day were .concluded last
night at a meeting; In Oakland.-
Gardner and Carter Matched.
The bo&ra of directors of the National
Sporting Club last night matched George
Gardner to box twenty rounds with "Kid"
Carter during the latter paxt" of August.
The men will meet at 165 pounds, straight
Marmilf of Queensberry rules, which Is
peculiarly to the liking of each. Both are
known as fighter? of the rushlnp order.
Car1*>r. who went East immediately after
hip fitfht with Root, will Btart from Brook
lyn immediately.
BEQUESTS GRAND JURY
TO . AID COLLECT A . BILL
James Mulcnliy Makes Complaint
Against Action, of Board of
Education.
The Grand Jury was petitioned at yes
terday's session by James Mulcahy to In
vestlgate_the refusal of the Board of Edu
cation.to enforce rule number' 142. which
provides that "any employe of the School
Department who willfully falls or neglects
to pfcy* his or her just debts having the
ability to do so shall be subject to sus
pension or dismissal from . the depart
ment." In his petition to the Grand Jury
Mulcahy alleges that he secured a. judg
ment against Mary Gannon, a teacher in
the Harrison School, on a promissory note
for the sum. of $150. The. Judgment has
never been satisfied.
Mulcahy. who is a builder, states that
Directors Kincaid and Mark were in fa
vor of enforcing the rule in Mrs. Gannon's'
case, if she refused to pay the debt. Cass-,
erly said > that . th© , School ; Department
could : not be turned Into a collection
agency. Denman told 1 , Mulcahy to bring
his Judgment to the board, which he did,
but -no action has been taken, by the di
rectors.'. . " .
Surrey Man Wins King's Medal.
LONDON. July 1D.-In the rlOe ahoot
!ng -rontestn held at Blsley to-day under
the auspice* of th« National RJfle Asso
ciation the Klns's silver medal was won
r Comber, of the Surrey Volunteers,
with a pcore of ISO.
Champion Defeats. Johnny Nelson.
WASHINGTON. July 1».— Albert Charn
nlnn of Franc* defeated Johnny Nelson of
Chicago by one lap In a twenty-mile motor
pared bicycle race at the Coliseum track
to-night. Time 42:86.
EPSOM LAD THE W1NNBR.
Eossbery*s Bay Colt Captures Eclipse
Stakes at Sandowne.
LONDON. July 19.— Lord Rosebery's Ep
rom Lad won the Eclipse stakes of £10.000
at Sandowne Park to-day. Epsom Lad is
a bay colt by-Ladas, out of Disorder. Sir
".Valdie Griffith's three-year-old colt Ian
<H. Martin), ran second, while J. R.
Keene's four-year-old bay colt Disguise II
< Henry), was third. Thirteen horses ran.
The distance was about a mile and a quar
ter. Out of the stakes the owner of the
second horse receives 500 sovereigns and
of the third horse 100 .-sovereigns.
After they pot away First Fruit led for
the first quarter mile, when Epsom Lad
took up the running. A quarter mile
further on Disguise II assumed the lead
and from this point there occurred the
finest race ever seen. Close to home Ep
som Lad. accompanied by Ian. came again
and the South American jockey, Gomez,
riding a splendid finish, just managed to
land Epsom Lad by a head. The same
distance separated the second and third
rrprs^s axid Diamond Jubilee was a close
fourth.
Lord Carnarvon's chestnut gliding:
Frank Ash (Maher), won the Dltton sell
ing pbtte for two-year-olds. W. C Whit
ney's The Shibboleth filly (I* Relfit), won
the twenty-sixth renewal of the great
Kingston two-year-old race for 600 sove
reigns. ' .
J. H- Keene's Virginia Karl© (Henry)
won the Surblton Handicap. - -
Trotting Races at Detroit. '
DETROIT, Mich., July 19.— "With a fine
track, good weather and scarcely any
¦wtnfl to hinder the trotters and pacers,
the closing day of the Detroit Driving
Qnli's race meet at Gross* Polnte was
•nnevKiitfuL The Cosolatlon Chamber of
Commerce stakes of $1000, two In three
h«ats, for 2:24 class pacers, was a favor-
Ite'g race from the start I and Stan ton
WIDcw, a cbesrtmit stallion, was the win
ner all the way in the first and third
heats. H* lost, the second heat to J C
by a bad break at the three-quarters pole.
Smamsrr:
nrst race. I'M class, pacing, pnrse U<W9=
Ftanton Wllfces won. the first aha third h*at«
In 2:12V 1 ' 2:18%. J C won the second heat in
2:16*4. *fc\i»s Willis. Mywtls. Fred H, PleMj'
Mollle Kmx and R«*le«« Ralph also started-.
Second race, 2:27 das», pacing, purse 11500^
\>w Richmond won the second third and
fonrtfc heats. Best time. 2W&. Cfcrhot woft the
ftrrt h*at in 2;«V. Billy it, l>ainty Qutwn 4
JoTin R. Potts, Xava, UtMateed and Jam^s
Alexander also started-.
Third rac^ 2:11 claesv pactfea\ purse $1590-—
Harold H won three straight heat». Best time*
3^8%. Pns*y Willow, Balmy U itiajor Mar
snaiL Wanterr Bov, CaseUe, UaKfea. Marehalt
and aDe&oo also started*
• Fourth race, 2:24 class, trotting, purse COW—
Bell* Kuser won the third and fourth heats.
Be»t ttoev 5:11%. Porto Rlw won the Becond
cca*. In i:H- Polnflcxter won the nr»t heat in
£:llt&. Qu<~3«r Ctrl. Alsrooeta, Tied, tv» £>*e
and jeSin Hooper also started.
rifth noe. 2:12 oIms, trottta*. pur»e «5W—
OtoUx Belle won two utrsight heatt In 3:114,
>:10%. Alloe- Barnes. Sturmont, Phoebe On
-wmrd.' Maczle Anderson. VToo&tatA add Venus
XX also started.
Philadelphia!! Breaks a Record.
6AL.T LAKE. July 1?.-On the Bait Pal
«c« sawder track to-nlrht Charles Tur
vMe of Philadelphia, paced by a motor,
broke the world"" record for on« mile, go-
In* the distant* In 1:81 3-5. The previous
record of 1:31 4-5 was xnadtt by John Kel
son at IjO* Angeles.
W CLAYTON PICKERSGILL,
who for nearly three years
has acted as the Consular
O representative of the Bril-
ish Government at this
port, died early yesterday morning at a
private sanatorium in Alameda. His death
is ascribed by Dr. F. W.d'Evelyn, the at
tending physician, to African fever, con
tracted In the discharge of his duties in
the Independent Congo State several
years ago.
Early last May Mr. Pickersglll was
taken «sick with a recurrence of the mal
ady that once before almost proved his un
doing. He partially recovered and took a
trip to the Santa Cruz Mountains, hoping
that the change of climate would further
benefit him. About ten days ago he suf
fered te. relapse and was hurried to Ala
meda. He lingered until 9:30 o'clock yes
terday morning, his wife and eldest son
being present at his bedside when the end
came.
As soon as the news of his death was
received in this city, the flag on the Con
sulate General was lowered to half mast,
as were also the flags on the British ships
in the harbor. All the representatives of
the consular corps called at his late of
fice to leave their condolences. The body
will be removed to his late residence in
Ban Rafael for the funeral, which will
take place on Sunday afternoon. It is In
tended at present not to have any public
ceremony, but as Mr. Pickersgill was so
well liked and was so closely allied with
the English colony it is not improbable
that his widow, will consent to a change
in ihe plans now proposed. The consular
corps and captains* of the British ships
hero have expressed a desire to . pay a
last tribute of respect.
Mr. Pickersgill has had a long and varied
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES.
Results of the Playing in National
and American Leagues.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. IX>UIS, July 19.— St. Louis enjoyed a
bsttlse matinee and hit everything Pittlnger
sent over, while Powell was invincible. Wal
lace's error in the ninth saved Boston from a
shutout. Attendance, 1S00. Score:
CJut»— - R. H. E.
Ft. Louts 8 13 2
Boetan 14 0
Batteries— Powell • and Ryan; PHttngtr and
Kittredge. Umpires*- Sohriver and Xlchele.
PITTSBTJRG, • July 19.—Poole pitched a good
game, but was largely responsible for Pitts
burgh defeat by elow fielding In the second
lnnlRs> Attendance. 2*00. Score i
Clubs— R> H. K,
PUtsburg ;:.»;.U»i»i 4 12 2
Brooklyn ; iu*iii'»t»tut»t B B 1
Batteries— Peed and Zlmmert Donovan and
Pferrelti Umpire — Emsllei . „ .
CINCINNATI, July 19-.— The . locals made
tens; nits at the right time and won easily
Philadelphia* Attendance, 1590-. Seere:
Clufes— R' H. E.
Cincinnati ...» >...*»>.. *..» « 12 1
Philadelphia w;»«»i»«»»»>" 2 11 B
. Batteries— Hahttftnd BergenJ White, Duggle*
feV end Jaeklltelu XTmp4re— »wyer,
CHICAGO, July 19.— t»»- a. perfect fielding
game Chicago again downed New York to
day* Attendance, W& Bcoret
Ctu*»— Rv H. B.
Chicago 6 1| 0
K«WTBtk ..»».. „»»».» a 10 0
BattcriM- Taylor and ICahoe} MUhewmm and
Smith. Umpire— Cunningham, \
AMERICAN UBAOTJE.
CHICAGO, July W.— The visitors won to*
day's game by bundling their hits with a base
on ball* and thr*« errors In th» fourth. At
tendance, 1*00. Scor*:
Cfcto- R. H. K.
rhlcaco * I J
Baltitnor* 7 « 4
IU!tfrl«t — Harvey *ad Sullivan : Howell and
Orvsnehan. (
CLBVEI^AND, July ».-« TraJ » pltchtr*'
battlt to-day b«tw*«a Youne and Moore. In
tb» t»nih inntns Bradl»y*s double and Wood's
Ion* Uner to th« r!«ht field fenc* scored the
winning run. Attendance, 1100. Bcor«s
Clubs- R> H> E -
Cleveland J * <|
Boston 16!
Batter!**— Moor» .and Wood: Toon* and
Sohrrck. t
DETROIT. July M.— Dttrolt won th» latt
came of the series from Washington to-day by
a noore of 7 to 8. Millar outpltched Carrlck.
and tha latter, beside* being hit hard In the
flrnt five innlnira, made two costly errori. At
tendance. 4000. Score:
Washington 3 7 3
Detroit 7 IS 0
Batteries— Carrlck and Grady; Miller and
Uuelow.
MILAVAUKEK. July 19.— Hustings pitched a
beautiful game for the home team to-day, al
lowing Philadelphia but four ncattered hits.
Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs— ,^ ;.* '¦•;¦¦ H. H. li.
Milwaukee 1 1- ' 4
Philadelphia 3 4 4
Batteries— Hustlng and Maloney; Plank an.1
Powers.
career. He was born in 1845 in Lancashire,
England, where his father. Thomas Pick
ersgill, survives. He was educated in the
I^ancashlre ¦ Independent and Owens col
leges in Manchester. In 1873 he was sent
to Madagascar as the agent of the Lon
don Missionary Society, remaining there
until 18S2. He accompanied the Malagas
sy Embassy as interpreter the following
year.
In 1S83 the British Foreign Office sent
him as Vice Consul to Antananarivo, Mada
gascar, where he remained for nine years.
From 18?2 to 1898 he served as Consul to
the Portuguese possessions on the west
coast of Africa, and also to the Indepen
dent Congo State. It was In the discharge
of his duties, on the Congo that he con
tracted the dread African or "cun faver."
He was carried on a litter by natlre
bearers to the coast, and as soon as pos
sible was allowed to return to England.
On November 10, 1898, he assumed his
duties as Consul General In this city, his
territory covering the States of Califor
nia and Nevada and the Territories of
Arizona and New Mexico. With his wife
and four sons he took up his residence in
San Rafael. He identified himself with
all movements looking to the Interests of
his countrymen, being a leading spirit in
the British Benevolent Society and the
British-American Union. He was also a
member of the Pacific-Union Club.
In 1892, In recognition of his Services In
Africa he was decorated with the order
of the Companion of the Bath.
Owing, to the present crush of business
at the Consulate General the office will
not be closed. Wellesley Moore, who has
been connected with the office for the past
twenty-four years and has been Vice
Consul for the past ten years, will have
charge of the office, and will act in the
full capacity pending advices from the
Foreign Office in London, which was at
once notified by cable of the death of Mr.
RACES ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Results of the Efforts at Purse-
Winning' on Big Courses.
CHICAGO, July 19.— Washington Park re
sults:
First race, six furlongs— Theory won. Sevoy
second. Lady Elite third. Time. 1:14 4-5.
Second race, one mile— Toah won, G. W*. W.
second. Leo Newell third. Time. 1:41 S-5.
/ Third race, five and a half furlongs— Jaubert
won. Red Hook second, Doreen third. Time,
1:08 2-5.
Fourth race, seven and a half furlongs—
George Arnold won. Headwater second, Major
Dixon third. . Time. 1:33 S-5. .
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards — Cam
brian won. Specific -second. Caviar third.
Time 1:44 1-3.
Sixth race, one mile— Ben Battle won. Ser
rano second. Scarlet Lilly third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
ST. LOUIS. July 19.— Delmar Park results:
First race, mile and twenty yards, selling-
Connie X.ee won, Fuglno second, C. P. Jones
third. Time, 1:45. •
Second race, five furlongs— Okla won, Lillian
second. Virginian third. Time, 1:02%.
Third race, seven furlongs— John Lafferty
won, Mrs. Grannan second, Seething third.
Time. 1:30.
Fourth race, six furlongs. sellings-Four I«eaf
C won, Sard second. Santa .Ventura third.
Time. 1:18. .
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards, selling-
Revoke won, Krank .Pearce second. Kid Mo-
Coy third. Time. 1:4«4.
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards, selling-
Rice won, Lomond second, Kearest third.
Time, 1:44H
NEW TORK. July 19.— Brighton Beach/ re
sults: • , -
First race, six furlongs, aelltnr— Pleasant Sail
won, Marothen second, Henglst third. Time,
1:14 4-5,
Second race, mllo and seventy yards—Prince
ton Girl won. May W second. The Amason
third. Time. 1:44 4-6.
Third race, Hve and a half furlongs— High
lander won, Essene second, Dewejr third. Time,
Fourth race, tha Isllp handicap, mile and an
elrhth— Blues won. First Whip second. Water
cure third. Time. 1:62. - -
Fifth race, six furlongs— Star of the West
won, Schwalbe second. Sombre third. Time,
1:15.
Sixth racei- mile' and a sixteenth— Ethics won.
Fonso J>» second, Klolm third. Time. 1:47.
BUFFALO, July 19.— Results at Fort Erie:
First race, six furlongs— Pando won, Maltese
Cross second, Sunny Girl third. Time. 1:16*4.
Second race, flv« furlongs— Red Robe won.
Barricade second, Woodmansten third. Time,
1:01 H.
Third race, mllo and a sixteenth— Dolly War
ner won, Gray Dally second, Cogswell third.
Tim*, 1:48. .
Fourth raca. four and a half furlonca— Rona
won, Lemuel second, Easy Street third. Time.
Fifth nice, seven and a half furlongs— Ida
JVnxanc* won. Filibuster second, Hurry third.
Time. 1:85. • . , • s . . . .
Sixth rae*. »ti furlongs— Inntscara won.
Award second, Edna. J third. Time, l:i«. '
BUTTS, Mont, July 19.-Summarles:
'First race, paclnc, two in threes-Royal won,
Al Me necond. J. U. third, i Best time. 2 : 1 7 «-i .
¦- Second race. (li> furlonss — Clara May won,
Nlir.rod nrcond, Maggie K third. Time, l:0.i'i.
Third race., three furlonjra— Jack won Hlg
Dutch necond, v WalkapauKh third. ¦ Time. :S8.
Fourth race, five and a half furloncs— Duckoy
won. Montallsuie second. Dot II third. Time
l:0S%. " '
Fifth race, five furlon«;»— Yellowstone won,
Constable pecond, Tyranus third. Tlme^lrOS.
Sixth rac*. live furlonea— Jean Spencer won.
Bill Bohamsen second. Aurlffera third. Time .
l:02«4. .. • . . ¦.¦-..- -¦•:¦-.,. ¦ .
Seventh roc*, one mile and a quarter. Hurdle
handicap— Odd Eyes. won, Sam Green second,
Delgado third. Time, 2:19'.4.
LAWYER LEASURE
KILLS HIMSELF
Swallows Carbolic Acid
in Grant - Avenue
Lodgings
•
Despondent Because -of His
Business Reverses and
Poor Prospects.
John C. Leasure. an attorney at law
well known In Oregon, committed suicide
yesterday in a lodging-house, 17 Grant
avenue, by swallowing the contents of a
vial of carbolic acid. Despondency be
cause of business reverses and Inability
to secure employment was the cause.
He left a letter in his room addressed to
the Coroner, cf which the following Is a
copy:
No inquest 1* nec«-SEary. This !¦ my own
deliberate act. I am a member In good ftwd
lnjr of Portland Camp. Woodmen of the "tt orld.
Let the Woodmen take charjee of my remains
until the funeral arrangement* are made. Let
ter addressed to Mro. Leaaure mall without
opening, as it if private matter, h-lease mail
el once. Wire Edward Holnian. corner of
Fourth and Tamhlll streets, Portland. Or.:
William H. L«asure, Moscow, Iaa.no. ana Wil
liam M. Blakeley. Pendletou. Or. Do this at
or.ee and «nd messages "co!l«:t and they
•w-111 b« p»id- Notify head office of Woodmen
as soon as possible. The button on the coat
is r. picture of myself and wife. No famUf
troubl«e but despondency of- long standing
from business r*vers«3 the cause. . '
Pleas* carry out these Instructors ,£nd oblige,
nest respectfuliy, JOH.V C. l^SsoURB.
Lest Wednesday evening L«asure called
at the lodglng-nouse and a«ked the lana
ladv for a room. He was shown one for
fifty cents per night and handed the land
lady two tagrsagf checks, saying at- the
same time: "To-morroTC I am going to
the bank to get some money.". The next
day che called at his room to collect the
rent, but he told her that he was sick and
that he did not wish to be disturbed. \es
terday two strangers went to his room
to visit him and they reported to the
landlady that they had found him dead.
Among his papers was found a letter
from United Staie* Senator Mitchell
dated at Portland. Oregon, stating that
he did not know of any opening for Leas>
ure: that there miglrt be some judgeship
to be given out in the Philippines, but
that there were also very many applica
tions for the positions. The writer said
further that he would confer with Rep
resentative Moody and endeavor to get
Jiim something to do.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 19.— John C.
Treasure, who committed suicide in San
Francisco to-day, was a native ' son of
Oregon, having been born in Marion Coun
ty in 1854. He practiced law in Pendleton
for fifteen years, during that time holding
the offices of Prosecuting Attorney and
Mayor of Pendleton- .In 18S4 he was a
Presidential Elector on the Republican
ticket. Since 1S93 he has practiced his pro
fession in Portland. He was the first
prand president of the Native Sons of
Oregon.
BRITISH CONSUL GENERAL
PICKERSGILL SUCCUMBS
African Fever in Congo Free State Years Ago
Undermines His Constitution, Finally Causing Death.
His Long and- .Honorable Career Wins Government Favor
Charles Schwarts, who does the honors
at second base for the San Francisco ag
gregation of ball players, had the pleas
ure of scoring , the only run in the game
yesterday between the locals arid the nine
from Oakland. Hits were also very
scarce. Both teams played good ball.
Oakland started off like a team that in
tended winning the game. Drennah se
cured, a base on balls, and Moore sacri
ficed, advancing Drennan to second.
Streib then hit a grpunder to Krug, who
retired Drennan at the plate. '.'Truck"
Eagan next solved one of Iburg's myster
ies,' getting a single on it. With two men
on bases, Dunleavy lined the ball down lo
Pabst, who accepted It and made a pret
ty double play unassisted. This ended
Oakland's first chance of securing a run.
Uncle Hank's men could do nothing bet
ter in their half than to get a couple of
men on the bases. This availed them
nothing, as the side was quickly retired,
being unable to secure a hit or a pass
from Hodson.
Both sides were retired in auick time
for the next five innings. The Dudes had
succeeded In getting within striking dis
tance of the home station, but as usual
the fates were against them, and their
hopes of scoring were rudely shattered.
Arrellanes rapped out aT)retty double in
the second inning, but even that went for
nothing, as the rest of the team failed to
bring him in.
The Germans took the lead in the
seventh., Schwartz made a pretty bunt,
and beat It out. Captain Pabst failed to
hit safely, as likewise did -Krug,. so the
fans began- to Bhow visible fear that
.Schwartz would be left on first after his
clever bunt and run. Nordyke took his
position at the bat, and endeared him
self to the patrons of the game by send
ing out a beautiful double, to the right
garden and bringing Frisco's noisy sec
ond baseman in, going himself to third on
Franck's error on the throw in. It was
San Francisco's time to shout and make
noise. Nordyke, however, died on third,
as "Josh" Reilly failed to connect with
the sphere, making the third out.
Both pitchers were very effective, keep-
Ing the hits well scattered, and showing
good control. Hodson was hit safely but
three times, two of the hits occuring in
the seventh. He struck out five men and
gave two free tickets to first. Iburg held
the Dudes down to four hits, struck out
four men and walked three.
"Josh" Reilly made a sensational one
handed catch of Moore's hard foul In the
third. Francks.and Moore also accepted
hard chances, each taking one that looked
like a safe hit. '
The same teams will play the third
game of the series this afternoon. Follow
ing Is the official score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, cf 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Hlldebrand, If. 3 . 0 1 0 0 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 3 1.1 0 2 2 0
: Pabst, lb 3 0 0 0 11 1 0
KruR, s. s 3 0 0 0 2 6 1
Nordyke, rf 8 0 1 0 0 0 0
J. Reilly, Sb '....'3 0 0 0 42 1
Graham, c 2 0 0 0 6 1 0
Ibury, p 3 0 0 0 12 1
Totals .28 1 3 0 27 14 8
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf. 3 0 10 10 0
Mooro, 3b 3 0 0 0-221
Stretb, rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Eagan, lb 2 0 2 0 9 0 0
Dunleavy, If. 4 O 000 0: 0
Francks, 8. 8........ 3 0 ; 0 '0 6 2 1
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 .1.0 0 2 1
Lohman, c. 4 0 0 0 6 1.0
Hodson, ¦ p 3 0 0.0 0 "20
Totals ...30 0 4 0 24 9 3
. RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San'Francisco 0 0 0 000 1 0 • — 1
¦ Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 •— 3
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 11 0 0 110 0 0^-4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hodson 1. Two-bas«
hits— Arrellanes, Nordyke. Sacrifice hits —
Moore, Hildebrand. Graham, Francks. First
base ¦ on errors— Oakland 8, San Francisco 2.
First base on called balls — Oakland 3, San
Francisco 2. Left on bases — Oakland 8, San
Francisco 5. Struck out— By Hodson 5. by
Iburg 4. Double play— Pabst unassisted. Time
of game— 1:35. Umpire— Graves. Official scorer
— H. R. McFarlln.
Angels Down the Champs.
SACRAMENTO. July 19.— Los Angeles
won to-day's game by a score of 6 to 2.
The star error of the day was made by
Reltz. He muffed an easy fly of Mc-
Laughlin's that dropped into his hands,
and then rolled afield. While he was after
It McLaughlln went toward third. Reltz
made a high throw toReilly, who knocked
it down, and the ball rolled down the in
fleld. McLaughlln crossing the plate with
out a base hit or the ball leaving the in
field. Hartwell pitched a good game, as
did Thomas, but the latter was accorded
wretched support. The score:
LOS ANGELES..
i AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, rf.... 3 110 0 0 0
Reltz. 2b 8 11 0 1 5 3
Hutehinson. lb 4 0 0 0 9 1 0
Householder, cf...;.. 6 "2 2 0 3 0.0
Bowman. If.v 6 1 2-0 0 0 0
Rellly, 3b 4 0 2 0 2 1 1
Spies, o 4 0 0 0 9 1 0
Kelly, 88 4 0 2 0 2 4 0
Hartwell. p ..3 1 T2 0 1- 3 0
Totals ..35 8 12 . 0 27 15 4
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. sa 4 0 1 1 2 3 2
McLaughlln, If 6 10 0 2 0 0
Courtney, 2b 2 0 2 1 2 4 0
Doyle, rf 6 O 0 1 S 0 1
Hanlon. lb 4 0 10 9 0 0
Stanley, o 4 110 2 2 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 2 1 11 1
McGucken. cf 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Thomas, p..... 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals S5 2 7 4 24 12 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
I/>s Angeles 10 110800 •— 6
Base hits 11218301 *-12
Sacramento 0 O'O.l 1 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 11 12 0 10 0 1—7
< . ¦ . SUMMARY.
Runs . responsible for— Thomas 1. Three-baae
hlt— Hartwell. Two-base hits, Devereaux,
Brockhoff. . Sacrifice hits— Spies, McGucken.
Hutchlnson. Klrst base on errors — TjOs Angrles
8, Sacramento 2, First base on called balls—
llartw«ll 4, Thoma* fi. Left on bases— Loa An
geles 13, Sacramento 11. Struck out— By Hart
well 7, by Thomas 1. Double play— Courtney
to Devereaux to Hanlon. Wild. pitch— Thomati.'
Time of tame, 1:45. Umpire— Levy. / Ottlcial
scorer— ltutherford.
Schwartz Makes Only Run in
Game Through Nor dyke's
Double Bagger. 0
Suffer Defeat at the
Hands of the Local
Team.
OAKLANDS DROP
A NOTCH LOWER
REGATTA HONOR
FOR WINNIPEG
Pine Showing on
the Schuylkill.
Amateur Oarsmen Make
success.
Fine weather, a smooth course and
probably the largest crowd that ever wit
nessed the first day's events of a national
regatta here were the inspiring causes of
a good day's racing. All the crews seemed
to be In fine condition. Winnipeg carried
off the honors, winning two events, while
St. Louis, Worcester, Toronto, Philadel
phia, Detroit and New York each won one
race. . \
The race of the day was that between
Detroit and Vesper of Philadelphia, in the
senior pair-oared event, in which the lat
ter won by a nose, and the surprise of the
afternoon was the defeat of the Vesper
senior four, composed of members of the
world's champion crew, by the St. Louis
four.
Another fine contest was the final-Inter
mediate eights, which was captured by
the husky crew from Winnipeg." Ten
Eyck and Lewis had no trouble In the se
nior doubles.
All of to-day's races were a mile and a
half, with a turn, with the exception of
the . eights, which were rowed straight
away for the same distance. Summary:
Senior doubles, final — "Wachusets R. C,
Worcester, Mass., first; Vesper ¦ R. C. Phila
delphia, second; Columbia R. C. Allegheny,
third. Time. 8:39.
Intermediate doubles, first heat— Detroit R.
C, first; New York Athletics, second; • Cres
cent R. C. of Philadelphia, third. Time. 9:38.
Second heat— Won by- Harlem R. C. of Ne.w
York. Row over. x '
Intermediate eights, first heat— Winnipeg R,
C. of Canada, first; Malta R. C, of Philadel
phia, second; West Philadelphia R. C. third.
Time, 2:11.
Second heat— Won by Falrmount Rowing Club,
Philadelphia; New York Athletic Club, second;
Nonparlel Rowing Club, New York, third.
Time, -8:07%.
Final heat — Winnipeg Rowing Club, Canada,
first; Malta Boat Club, Philadelphia.' second;
Falrmount Rowing Club, Philadelphia, third.
Time, 7:56%.
Association singles, : first heat, 'two entries^ —
Marsh of Detroit Rowing Club, first:- James
Bond Jr. of Bachelors' Barge Club, Philadel
phia, second. Time, 10:17. •
Second heat— Titus disqualified for not turn
ing his stake. Juvenal will row In the finals.
Senior; fours, final — Western R. C. of St.
Louis, first; Vesper B. C. of Philadelphia, sec
ond. Time, 9:09.
ditions that could not be Improved upon
the first day's races of the . twenty-ninth
annual regatta of the National Associa
tion of Amateur Oarsmen were held on
the Schuylklll River this afternoon, and
the initial day's was in every way a
Crews in; Splendid Condition
and Weather Favors
Sport.
PHILADELPHIA, July lO.-Under con-
Fashionable friendship,' lilfe an umbrel
la, Is apt to turn wrong side out when ex
posed to a violent storm.
THE SM FKANCISCOiyCALL^ SATURDAY, JXJL.Y 2O, 1901.
THE LATE BRITISH CONSUL, GENERAL. WHO DIED IN ALAMEDA
YESTERDAY FROM AN ILLNESS CONTRACTED MANY YEARS AGO
IN THE JUNGLES OF AFRICA WHILE IN THE QUEEN'S SERVICE.
8
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&^izg£^£
Very sxeall «jn.d as easy
to take as sugar. t
<^EE IPARTrtfQl F0RHEADACHL 3 SEE
* >LL UAm tKo for DinieiESS.
Kittle for biuousmess. nr -. mi . !P
GENUINE Ihivpr "R torpid lsver. GENUINh
H PI LLS F03 COMSTIPATIOM.
U/DADDrD ffl M ' FOR SALLOW SKIM. WR4PPFR
WRAPPER MzzM lniRTHFftn M P.r«n» WKAmiri
•'3PI5,I3SrTEID O3ST JZ&E1TD T**AJE*~E2R. n
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
I||g5||||| You Save 1
NedrlyTwenty I
Dollars I
Take a standard sleeper and it wfl] cost you $76.50 for |
liUroad and .sleeping-car fares, Los Angeles or San Fran- «
cisco to Chicago. a
Take a Burlington tourist sleeper and the cost is only 0
$58.50. . ~ '¦¦¦ $ I
Add to this that no sacrifice of comfort or self-respect is a
involved by traveling in a tourist car and it is easy to account 9
for the extraordinary popularity of this method of crossing s
the* continent. . 1 1 1
Burlington tourist cars leave Los Angeles Mondays and Wednes- |f[¥9!S^V3] 3
days; San Francisco, Tue*days snd Thursdays — Ona) >> Chicago, n»l'mHi!J!*iMl 0
Kansas City. St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east. Tick? »nd berths ffifflffla
at So>:thern Pacific ticket offices or from lalflli OmI '"3
5 ' \7. D. Sanborn. Genl Agent, 63X Market St.. San Francisco. H— »B1 u
The Trust Problem.
To a thoughtful mind, the trust problem Is
one of serious Import. It must be firmly grap-
pled with, for It creeps upon society before, you
are aware of lt» existence. In this respect much
resembling the various disorders which attack
the Htomach, such as constipation, Indigestion,
dyspepsia, biliousness, liver and kidney trou-
bles. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters Is the one
reliable remedy for all such ailments. Be sure
to give it a trial.
GONORRHOEA AND URINARY DISCHAR3K8
A CURE IIS 48 HOURS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S greatJ
i MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Cl| 1051 MA2SET ST. let. frltTX S.7.Cal. A
Cf , The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
I ' MMi..ijn~ hi " of'd- Weaknesses or any contracted m
flngSW <»isease pomlll»t,ly cured by the oldest T
I i Iggjl Specialist on the Coast. HsL36yeirs. ©
, U%j&& DR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
IWwB Consultation free and strictly private. \
I SVn Treatmrnt pcrsonilly or by letter. Ail
1 IF MB Posllive <^"«>n every case undertaken. T
/ Fit 11 V w 'i!»fnr B'jok. PUlLOSOPHYof A
if II n&RRIAGE, MAILED FREE. fAf
0> Ur valuable book for mrn) \
I DK. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market st.,S. F. f
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
[ 629 KBABNT ST. Established
\\n 1804 for the treatment of Private
m Discuses; J.OHt Manhood. Debility or
ndlwasr wpnrlngiin body and mind and
'Skin Diseases. TlieDoctorcures'wIien
Bothers fall. Try him. (iharges low.
fiCui-eftKiiarnntred. Call or write,
aiUCOA". San Pranclsco. Cnl.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
¦ _._ u _._ . '_ .vfjif.v. L .ji, w .w lJ .. L nv^. .j- ¦-.-.-. .:-¦'. H
CALIFORHU NORTHIESTERH RY. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND 'NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market Sfe
. Sun Francisco to San Rafael.
.WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:S5,
1:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. in. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra, trips at l:S0
and 11:30 .p. m.
SUNDAYS-x:00. »:JO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, S:30,
6:C0, G:20 p. ni.
*>an Rai'ucl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:&0, *:30. 11:10 a. tn. : 12:45.
1:40, C:15 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:U
1 and 6:35 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
S:05, 6:25 p. rn.'
l-eavo > I In KtTect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. (April M.. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I 8un- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. [ days. I Day*.
,7:30 am 8:0u bid Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 tm
S:30 pm 9:30 am - Petaluma. . 6:05 pm 10:33 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pro Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Winduor. 10:23 am
6:00 pm H-iildsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale 7:33 pm C:tO pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Uopland 110:40 am|10:25 an
¦ 8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
7:30 ami 10:40 am 10:23 am
( S:00 am Ouernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma . I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and I I -
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen.' | 6:03 pm[ 1:20 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 ami ~~ ~ 110:40 am!W:25 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pml Sebastopol. | 7:3j pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Springs; at Pulton,
for Altrurla: at Lytton (or Lytton Springs; at
<3eyservllle for Skacgs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the - Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Hlshland Sprints. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. ¦ Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper LaKe. Pomo,- Poiter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley'a, BuckneU'a,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. ¦, Orr"s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort BraKg. "West-
port, Usal. . Will Its. Lay ton vine. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. , Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. . -
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ".-¦•¦ ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦
On Sunday round trip - tickets to . all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦¦
Ticket Office, 650 Market street, Cnronlcla
Building-.
H. C. WHITING, ~~ R. X. RTAn'.
Gen. Manager. •'--.. Gen. Pass. Act.
Five Cheap
Excursions
East vA
Santa Fe
I The places," the rates for
the round trip and the
dates of sale are below.
The other details can be
had, of the Santa Fe
Agents. ;-*• ; .
BUFFALO, $87.00
Aug. 22 and 23;
Sept. 5 and 6.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18. "
CHICAGO, S72.50
July 20 and 21.
LOUISVILLE, S77.50
August 20 and 21.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
THE COMFORTABLE. WAY IS
641 Market Street.
NORTH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry.
Commencing April 23. JU01.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALX.ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— C:SS. S:30. •9:30. U:00 a. m
12:45. n:45, S.lS. 4:15. 5:15. •6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. ¦Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and ll;40 p. in.
SUNDAVS-7:00. sm. '9:00. •10:00. 11:00, H:3n
a. m.. 12:43. •1:30. '.*;30, »3:45. 5:00. 6:00, 7-30
p. m. 11:00 a. tn. do«s not run to San Rafael
Sundays. . ¦
Trains marked (•) nin to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-*5:S. 6:27. 7:47: 8:35. 10U
a. m.. MSiSJ. 1:13. 2:20. •3:35. 4:40. 5:30 pJm.
EXTRA TlllI'S on Mondavs. Wednesdays
and Pa%urdays nt 6:45 ana 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13. rj:0O. 9:45. •11:00 a, m »1»
m., 1:00. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30, •5:43, 6:45, 7:30, "lO:W
p. m. . •
Trains marked <•) start from San Qutnttn
FROM MH.t. VALL.EY TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK DAYS-5M5. GM5. 7:S5. 8:53/ ioi
a. m.. 12:33. 1:43. 2:45. 3:50. 6:10. 5:10 p. m.
KXTKA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
ati'l Saturdays at 7:10 and ]0:3."> p. m. .
RUNDAYS-6:S5. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 11-lJ.
1:10. 2:S0. 3:43. 5:00. 6:15. 7:13. 10:30 p. ra.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta. *
tlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta,
yon*.
5:J3 d. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalea ami way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Caxadero and way stations
:0 a. m. Sundays— Potnt Reyes and way
station*. *
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
VU JBwimUi* rerrj-F»l of if xrtex St.
«>.... .WEEK DAY3 < *»Vrft
8*0 A. M.) ., fl2.15F.'u.' I
9S0A.M. 1:15 p. it.
iSStSif :«"^*»"-H J85-&
130 p.m. 6Mr.it.
2«OP.M.J 7:10 p. k.
Fare. Saa FrtiiaiSM to Samotl sad Bttwn. $1.48
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. 8t SansaUto Fcttt.
GREAT NOflTHERH RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTL.ES3.
Dally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining: Car, Meals a la Cart«.
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
' ; EASTERN POINTS.-, • • .
E. S. BLAIR, Gen. Act.. 633 ilarkst it.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trnlna If ititi iiml i»r« duo to nrrlv* i»*
MAN rilANtJMCU.
(Main Uiw, Foot of Market Street.)
LEAV* — From July U, 1301. — ariuvi
. 7:OOa Benid*. Sulsnu, Elmir» mad Sacra-
mento...... HtS-Ip
TiOOjl TacaTllle, Winters, Ramsey 7 :Z>3r
7 :SO a Martinez, S»u Kainou. Vallejo. 2f *p».
CalUtogaand.Skuta Itoia 0:23r
SsOOA Daris, Woodland. Knigbta Landing.
M»rj»»llle. Oroiille 7:B*r
*:O»a Atlantic Express— OgJbn and Eaat 12:»5r
»:»«a Nilea, Latbrop, Stockton <>2.tp
¦ :00a Mies, Mendota. Hanford. Visa'.i.i.
Porterrille 4:55?
SsSOa Shaata Kxpresa— Daria, Williams (for
Bartlett Sprlogs). WiUows, Had
Bluff, Portland. 7:33p
>!>•« Smu Joan, LiTermore, Htocktmi,
lone. Sacramento. PHctriille,
M»r>s»iile. Chlco. Ka.l lilurt 4:25p
¦ iSOA Oakdale, Chineas (Ycsemite), So-
nora. Carters 4 :25p
BiOOa Bavward, JS'iles and Way Stations.. 1 I :•>.">*
9:OOAVaUfjo 1»:35p
»»«O a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lattirop. (stock ton, JUerceu
Frenno mud Loa Acgoles 7:33r
9:30a Valleji), Martinez and War Stations ?:33p
1 O:OUa The O»erlaml Limited— Osdea, Den- .
ver. Omaha. Chicago <lt.t3r
fI:OOr Sacramento IMver S>teK>n«ra......... 15:O">a
3:3l»p Hay ward, Ni!-« and Way Stations.. 7:5.1 r
4tO»r Benida. Winters. tiaeraiuento.
Woo.lland, Knislits Landing. M
Murysviile, Orovlile I*53a
4:»np Martinez, Hau ltaiuon, Yallejo,
Napa, UalistOKa. .Sai.U Iton» •¦*3»
4:0Or Nlles, LiTenaore, Stockton. Lodi... 12^-^p
4t3UFH»yward.Kiles, Han June, LlTermora t»»«»A
4»30pl»ort Ccsca. Tracy, Lathrop, Stociton 1o:25a
SsUOrTha Owl Limited — fresuo. Tul*re.
Bakenoeld, Sangiis for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Angeles - S:33a
8:00p UarUnrz. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12:23t
S:O<»p Tosemita 12:Z3p
Ss30p New Orleans Express — Mendota, -
Fresco, Bakersfleld. Los Angeles.
Demisg, £1 Paso, New Orleans
and East 7:33a
6:«Op Hayward, Nile* and San Jose....... 7:53*
fttsOOr Vallejo ; 1 1:25*
6iOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:23?
f :OOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
St. Louia, Chicago. 4:33r
7iOOr OrpRou aud California ISz|irem.H<to-
rameutu. Murjmille, Kmliling.
Portland. Fnget .Sound and Kask 8:33a
StaSrSan Pablo, Pock Costa, Martinez
and W ay Stations 11:23a
tS;O3p Vallfjo 7;a*p
COAST IjINE (Narrow «i»ii S e).
(Foot o( Market Street.) : ; ': '¦:?
1 7 :43a Santa Oinz Excursion to Hanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations tS:O3r
8j|3*Nowark.Contor»illr..S«n.loBo, Felton.
lionlder Creek, Santa Crnz and Way
Stations SiS«»
ttsISp Newark, Center Title, 8a» Jose, New
Almailen. Felton, llonlder Creek,
Santa Cio and l'rkicipal War
Stations IOi.i(. A
4:l»p Newark, Man .Tone, I^os Gatos t^:"»»A
«4;13p 01enwood.BonldeTCreelt. flaBUCrnz « Si3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm SIS FR13CIJC0— .»doi of Market Street (Slip 8>—
H:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:33 5;13f.M.
frimOlIUKD— U»\ •IBrwdwiT.— trt-.OO ty : 0O 13;0J
10:00 *.m. 12:00 8:03 4:03 r.M.
COAST IjINE (Rroail (Jange).
. : ¦¦;.: . (Third mid Townsend Sts.)
rt:l«A 8an Jose tnd Way stations. HiUOa
f7>0OA Han Jose and Way Station* littftp
/7i«»a New Almaden / i:\Ot
J7xa«A Sunday Esconion for San Jcae.
Hanta Cruz. Pacific Groro and
Prineipal Way Stations tS:30y
¦iOOa Han Jose. Holliiter. HmiiU (.'rnx.
Paellle tlrore, ealinss. ban Loll
Obispo, Santa Barbara ami Pita-
cipal lutermedUte Htnllfiis . TiSOr
lOiSOASao Jeseaud Way Stations. C:3Of
1 1i3Wa Man .loin ami Way .Stations Bi30y
tXt4S» 8an Mateo, lCedwood. .V-nlo Park.
Pain Alto. Santa Clara. .San.lum,
HoUIater. Santa Onn, Uailnaa.
Monterey and raellie HritTa tloil.T*
SiSOr Sao Jna<^ Traa Pino*. Santa Crua,
Padtlo GroTa and Way SUllous 4:l»r
MiinpSanJoieamlPiinetpal Way .Statlmm S»j-I3a
t ••*:<•« r.Si»» Jot., Loa Oatoa and Triuclpal
Wai Stations. ....,.' |»tnn k
3s3«r Ran. loir and I'rlnclnaMVay Stations 8i30a
•iOOp RmlwoiU. Han Jos»«, Ollrry. Salinas.
'Santa Barbara. Lou Antfeles I0i03.v
Ri~Or San Joieand W»y Mtallmia 1»iU»»
alll-iap San .lrrnn itn.l Way SUilnin., ~:rtl>r
> A for Morntnc P f.>r A rtarnuun.
t HumUy «xcei>ted. I Annda? only.
• Saturday only. (Monday.
« Saturday »n 1 Sunday. TTUnd*?* tad Tridara
i 1 - ;
Santa Fe Trains
Lfave Market-strf^t Ferry Depot.
jTocal I Llm'd fOvrrdl Local
I Dolly I » [ Dally I Dallr
Lv. Sin Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:00 p 4:20 p
Ar.Stocktoa. 10:18a UMSa ll:10p 7:18 p
" M«rced .. 12:»p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 9
" Fresno .. 2:06 p t:Xip J:03 a 10:59©
" Hanford. S:12 p 3:« p 7:0« a .. >
«•* Vinalla .. S:4Op 4:*S a *
" BakersfMd 6:13 p S:20 p 7:30 a ..
" Kaaf. Cy !:<3a 7:30a *
" Chicago ! 2:13 p 9:00 p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday onlv
carrying Palace Steeplns Cars and Dlntn^
Cars throiiRh to Chicago. Chair Car mn'i
to Bakersfleld .Tor accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passensrers. No s<»cond-cla«4
tickets honored on this train? CoTrtSp^nd-
FrVa" a * s at 5:55 * m - Tuesdayand
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p? ml
?i 8^??! vT Sli" the ? v "land Express. Trlth
tbrough Palac* and Tourist St«ep#rs and
Fre« Recllnin? Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
f: r 5l S p?- B , CP d I Z,7y P ° ndlne - tra1^ «
.t 7: a?, }^wi5r^tt2h£r&
re«pondin«; train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offlces-Wl Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco r 111? Broadway. Oak-
I8.nq. »-*WJW«ar,ji| m mi ¦>¦ tm — ~_Z*r- nit.Without the right kind of teachers, no
school can have the proper" faculty, for
Imparting knowledge. ¦ ¦" , ~ " . ':*; • ' ..
Mrs. Charles Wertheimer and Miss
Wertheimer are located in their new home
at 1136 McAllister street and will receive
their friends on the first Tuesday of the
month. ¦ . . - ' :¦-¦..
Mrs. William S.- Hoffman -of Fresno Is
visiting her sister. Miss B. :Asher of 1433
Geary street. ¦. - ' '
Mr. and Mrs. Brenton R, Field of Talla
dega, Ala., leave for their Southern
home to-day, after spending two
months • In San Francisco with Mrs.
Field's sister, Miss M. M. Holbropk. They
were accompanied by Miss Holbrook, who
expects S to remain about twelve 1 months
visiting friends and relatives in. the South
before returning to this city... :M#\-» V - -
Miss Alice Raas will j be pleased to see
her friends Wednesday;: July r 24, r at her
home, 517 Golden Gate avenue, prior to her
departure for the north. ¦¦• : - . " . :
Mrs. Plover and Miss Katherlne Plover
are at the Hotel Portland, Portland, Or.
They leave on Wednesday, for Tacoma,
Wash. -. ¦ : . ¦
Mrs. -Helen Faber and Charles Faber Jr.
of New York City arrived in- San Fran
cisco Monday evening and are guests of
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Faber. After view
ing all points of Interest in and about San
Francisco the entire party will visit the
principal watering resorts of California.
After- a fortnight of rest In Lake County
they will return to San Francisco about
August 15.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The British ship Mooltan arrived fron
Valparaiso yesterday after a passage o:
fifty-eight days. She will load wheat foi
Europe. : . '.
The new steam' schooner Olympic was
successfully launched at Grays Harbor
yesterday. She is for the lumber trade.
The steamer Simon J. Murphy has been
purchased in the East by the Dollar
Steamship Company. She is now loading
at Baltimore for San Francisco. Captain
Gow, who went. East to bring' out the
steamship M. S. Dollar, will command the
Simon J,. Murphy.
Captain Lockhart has started again for
Nome in his little schooner Helen. About
six weeks ago the boat and her crew left
here for the gold 'fields, but brought up at
San Diego. The Helen was overhauled
while at the southern port and a. fresh
start was made yesterday. Lockhart and
his companions expect to make Nome be
fore winter. - \ •
Water Front Notes.
A peculiar accident which ~~ will end
probably In a fatality occurred on, the
bay yesterday. Four boys, while rowing
past Black Point about 2. p. m., were fired
upon from the beach and one of them
was struck'^ over the* heart by a bullet.
The wounded lad wafe sent to the Central
Hospital, but the surgeons were" unable
to . locate the bullet. The chances are
against his recovery. ¦ .
Paul Wissig, 16 years old, whose home
is at 1224 Union street, is the wounded
boy. ' \ ¦ ' " - ¦
Yesterday young Wissig, Fred Kelley,
Arthur Manning and John Shipley se
cured a Whitehall at' North Beach arid
went for a row. When 100 yards off Black
Point some ona flred at them with a par
lor, rifle from the beach. Wissig, who was
at the oars,, quickened his stroke as the
bullet passed o'vef his head. The rifle
spoke again and a bullet struck Wissig
under the right arm in a line with the
nipple. ."
Wissig droppe dthi oars and. fell in the
bottom - of the boat. His companions
rowed back to Meiggs wharf and from
there the : wounded lad was sent to the
hospital. '
Some one has. been ..practicing, on* pass
ing Whitehatts rom. : '.the Black Point
beach for weeks' past. !One "Whitehall now
at North Beach has "two bullet holes in
her and another has three. -The boat
which Wissig was rowing also shows. the
marks of flying missiles. The shooting of
young Wissig will probably put an end to
the malicious practice of firing on boats.
Mystery Surrounds the
Wounding of Paul •
. Wissig.'
BOY IS SHOT
WHILE ROWING
The Board of Works will complete" "Im- 1
provements in certain schools in time .for
the opening, of theJtermon July 22. Prin
cipal among these will be thq laboratory
In the Lowell High School, the reconstruc
tion of •¦: the- foundation of the "Marshall
Primary. School -.and the .'painting, and
overhauling of the Everett and the Hor
ace-; Mann schools. In -the- Lafayette
School, building -the work of painting will
begin on Monday with ten'men. .
. The uncompleted school, repairs Include
jthe JDudley Stone addition, against which
an injunction has been 'Issued, and the
placing of : two stories underneath the
Buena .Vista school. • '
"John C. Newlands," experienced clerk,
fronT$90 to JTOOper ja'onth; "W. Chester
Keogh," stenographer, . * from $90 to $100;
John P. Horgan; James H." Jordan and P.
Fltzslmon, inspectors of buildings, from
$100 to $125; William -Moose.r Jr.,, architect,
from $100 to $250 per month; W. "J. H.
White, experienced clerk, from $135 to $150;
C.;J. Gallagher, superintendent of, stone
pavements, from $123 to .$150 per month;
E. r J. Mooser. assistant engineer, from $200
to ,.$250; William Sawyer,, head janitor,
from $85 to $100 per month, and H. B. Sy
ron, assistant head janitor, from $75 to $90
per month. . • -^ ..*. ' >> ; - - -.v"-
; -TJie Board .of Public Works' met yester
day and* adopted' a resolution raising, the
salaries'. of City, Hall janitors from $2 per
day^to- 52 50. per day. = Other salaries were
raised, as; follows: '.,:
'Completion.
Alterations to Some School
, houses Are Nearing
City Hall Janitors Have
Their, Daily Wages
Increased.
B OARD RAISES
MANY SALARIES
Are via the Southern * Pacific. :'•¦•¦ . ¦•!'
, ; Choice of three~ old-established stage
routes, with largest and best < equipment.
Big tree groves - en route.— Rates low as
any, with or without hotel 4 or camp ac
commodations en route and In valley.'Full
Information" '" and '¦• literature-- 613 - Market
street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
Best. Eoutes to the Yosemite Valle'v
Death Claims Wreck Victim.
KANSAS CITY, July 19.-O. D. San
bourne, a- banker of Shenoa. 111., died to
night, being the twenty-second 'victim of
last- week's Alton wreck to. succumb. V
At the meeting of ' San , Francisco Hos
pitium No. 1 Bohemians of America, last
Thursday night the contest for delegates'
to the Grand Hospitium was veTy. spir
ited. The election resulted In the selec
tion of the following, named Bohemians;
A. E.' Kroenke, Adolph- Meese, D. . B.
Uhte, W. E.' von Johannsen, E. Lastreto:'
J. M. Jacobl, Dr. J. ,1. Manson, ..W. F.
Connolley,- Ike Tuchler/H. I. Kolwalsky,
I. Golden.. ;.-,TJ . . '.
-The Grand Hospitium will meet* In Oak
land <jn the first Thursday in August. The
members of Oakland Hospitium are mak
ing elaborate . preparations to : entertain
the visiting delegates. 'Business of im
portance will be transacted at: the ses
sion, and ; the ¦ progressive • reports of : the
grand officers- are awaited : with - Interest.
The Grand Hospitium.
Health Department Appointments.
The Board of Health met last night and
ma£e the following appointments: Wil
liam A. Tobln, steward in patients' din
ing-room; J. Doyle, assistant machinist;
Richard Sullivan, assistant apothecary;
William Moore, assistant porter; N. Long
and J. McCann, assistants in patients'
dining-room; Con McDermott, H. Spltzen
berg. John Lally, E. V. Poole. P. Smith,
D. Sullivan and A. Wilkie, helpers at the
City and County Hospital.
The sum of $270 a month was appro
priated for transportation for the health
officer, city physician and other officials
in the health department. - ¦
The salaries -»f the Twenty-sixth-street
Hospital employes were fixed at $200 per
month for Dr. V. E. Putnam, , $100 for
Esther Nerney, $G0 for A. Boge and $50 for
Mrs. A. Boge. _
General committee of arrangements— Thomas
M. -Searey,- chairman; P. H. Fiynn, . William
Broderlck. ¦William Hickey, M. J. Gorman, J. ¦
H. «McGinney, M. A. - Callaghan, James -D.
Courtney, Richard Condon, Thomas J. Clancy,
"William Byrnes, "William Dwyer, Thomas Oil-
Uck, C. , W. H»ckey, M. ¦ J. Harridan. J. . C
Leonard, James A. Moore, -McCann,
Frank McCarrlck, J. \McFall, E. J. McDonald
F. H. . McGratlv Thomas F. McGrath, J. . W
Shannon,. P. J. Silk,' W.' A. Dlnewi and! "W. p'. '.
Langley. . •'.-.-. :';, : . -- . . .-.V -.
• At the recent quarterly meetlng^of the
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance Association
of California "arrangements were S com
pleted for the twenty-eighth annual re
union and picnic of the society at Schuetz
en Park, to-morrow.,' The officers and
committees are aa^ follows: , ¦• . -
Officer of the day— Honl "Thomas MV Searey.
Secretaries— Thomas P. Elf ord • and < John P.
Hare. ; £, •. . -¦ ••¦¦ ¦¦¦'.¦-¦.¦,¦.
Floor manager— Tr J. Kenny. ' ,/
Reception committee— J. D. Condon, chair
man. ¦ •"¦:¦-'."¦.. ;-.: - -.-¦ .¦•-
Pleasant Outing; Arrang-ed.
'"What the Sea Serpent Sees". Is the
tempting title which heads Mrs. Chaun
cey De Wit's critique on clothes in this
•week's News- Letter. -The article is a
bold one, revealing as it does the curious
discrepancies In the appearance of many
of our belles in the ballroom and on' the
bathing • beach: Betsie Bird's column al
ways takes . the lead ' for what • the title
implies, "Mere Gossip," and this week's
budget is no exception. Robert McTavish
has seen, the Schuetzenbunders, and tho
Looker On, as • usual, has seen I every
thing about town worth, recording. ,' Ella
Wilier Wheelcox is as whimsical as ever,
and the comment of Town Crier, editorial
and dramatic review are the best of their
kind. , • . • .
To-Day's News Letter.
ceived a telegram yesterday from Deputy
Marshal Gamble, dated at Seattle, an
nounclng that he would leave that place
last evening for this city and that he had
executed the mission with which he had
been entrusted.- • < '-¦ - • .
Deputy Gamble left this city for Nome
just before navigation was opened and
took with him a bench warrant from the
United States Circuit Court of Apeals for
the arrest bf ex-Judge Dudley . Dubose,
Who had been sentenced . to serve six
months' imprisonment in the AlamedaV
County Jail for. contempt -of court. Mr.
Gamble also served citations upon United
States District • Judge A. !H. Noyes and
United .States District Attorney Joseph
Wood," commanding, them to appear before
the United | States^ Circuit Court of Ap
peals the first Monday In October to show
cause why they should not be punished
for contempt.- ¦ .. V.-
The cases, arose out of the recent Nome
mining litigation. ;¦ . v . ..
DEPTJTY QAMBLE EAS
JUDGE DUBOSE IN TOW
Succeeds in Serving Citation of Court
;' of Appeals Upon Noyes
, and Wood.
UnitedStates Marshal John H. Shine re-
It Is expected that Judge Troutt will re
turn from his vacation on Monday and
hand down a decision in that portion of
the Fair case which relates to the dispo
sition of the personal property. Although
It was vacation time with Judge Troutt,
he has devoted considerable of his leis
ure time in preparing the opinion.
Following up the line of reasoning that
has obtained in his previous decisions,
those who are. In a Dosltibn to know say
that it will be in favor of the heirs,
Charles L. Fair, Mrs. VanderbUt and
Mrs Oelrlchs. The claims of Mrs. Nettle
Craven-Fair will not receive recogni
tion, but her' attorneys will' prob
ably take exceptions to the decision
and endeavor to carry the matter
to the Supreme Court. This decision
practically winds up the affairs of the
estate as far as the distribution of prop
erty goes, but there' are a number of
actions pending that will prolong the liti
gation.
pared on Personal Property
Distribution, v .
DECISION IN" FAIR CASE
rSf- 'IS . EXPECTED ON MONDAY
Judge Troutt Has an Opinion Pre-
Califomians in New York.
NEW YORK, July 19.— The following
Californiana are in New York: From Ban
Francisco— W. D. Tobey, at Manhattan;
G. Uhl Jr., Herald Square; J. A. Youns,
Astor House; H. Brennan, Grand Union;
G. W. Buffington, Westminster: Mrs. M.
McDonald, Grand Union; R. F. Reid. Im
perial; W. Fitzmier. Park Avenue; Mrs.
G. Gridley. Park Avenue; D. E. Newell.
Hotel Albert.
From Los Angeles— E. "W. Kinsley at As
tor; E. B. Oliver, Grand Union; Dr. K.
J. Perehaw. Grand Union; L. M. Stedm?.n,
Grand Union; Miss S. Young. • Grand
Union. - __
From Oakland— L. BoUy. at Herald
Square.
Dies After the Bobbery.
Irwin and Cole DTawv
WICHITA. Kans., July 19.— After being
robbed on a Cboctaw train returning
from El Paso last night. F. R. Smith, an
aged man from Bonham. Tex., dropped
dead in a crowded coach. The body was
placed in a seat and taken to Oklahoma
City. His wife and daughter were with
him.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 19.— Before a bis
audience at the Pastime Club to-night
Toby Irwin of San Francisco and Willie
Cole of Sacramento fought twenty fast
rounds- The referee called the contest a
draw. In the preliminary bout Eddie
Murphy of Portland and Frank Freeman
of Spokane fought ten rounds to a draw.
LONDON, July 19.— The Pall Mall Ga
zette to-day publishes a communication
from Its Paris correspondent giving . cir
cumstantial details of an alleged conspir
acy to overthrow the French republic and
install Prince Louis Napoleon as Eni
peror. The correspondent Is assured that
September 14, upon which date the Czar
intends to promote Prince Louis to a full
generalship in the Russian army, has been
selected as the occasion for a demonstra
tion to support the claims of this Frlnce,
who is such a close friend of their Rus
sian ally, by all the elements opposed to
the present regime. : " *
The names of M. Deroulede, the Marquis
d« Lur-Sa luces and M. Marcel-Habert are
mentioned as the leading spirits of the
movement, and reveral high functionaries
of the present Government are alleged to
be assisting with funds. --.
An Alleged Conspiracy
to Overthrow French
Republic.
WOULD INSTALL
LOUIS NAPOLEON
Word was received here to-day that a
considerable shipment of Welsh plate is
now on the water en route to New York.
It is reported that a portion of this will
come here if the shortage continues. It
¦will be much more costly than the Amer
ican make, but the exigencies of some of
the local consumers are so imperative
that they will pay no attention to cost. If
long continued, the strike la sure to be a
good thing for the Welsh makers, whose
trade for some time has been in an apa
thetic condition.
Pressure brought : to bear along this
line, the strikers say. Is energy wasted,
as they are more determined to-night
than before. They are more than angry
with the. merchants. These Wellsville
men have been considered excellent work
men, and many of them have money in
vested In property there, so that, should
the mill be taken to Vandergrift, as !s
threatened, they would suffer. They do
not believe the promise, which accom
panies the threat, that the mill from
Denison, O., will be brought to this place
in case the present trouble is settled.
From the storm-center"- at -Wellsville,
O., to-night comes word that the*striking
mlllmen in" that vicinity spent an' uneasy,
restless day. There is no longer any;
doubt that the owners of the Wellsville
plant of American Sheet Steel Com
pany have many of the town's largest
merchants back of them in their fight
against the workmen, and much bitter
ness has resulted. Confronted with what
seems a certainty that if the present
trouble goes along much farther the
Wellsville plant will be lifted and brought
across the line into Pennsylvania, groc
ers, clothing men and others who for
years have received the wages of the mill
workers in exchange for goods, are now
trying to bIiow the strikers that they are
wrong and foolish in keeping up the
nght.
PITTSBURG. Pa., July 19.— The strike
situation to-night cannot be termed ma
terially although many rumors
are in the air to the effect that a settle
ment of tho troubles is Imminent Up to
10 p. m. none of these reports has been
verified and the conclusion reached is
that no settlement Is in sight.' .
Threat Made' to Striking
Tin -Workers at
Wellsville.
MAY MOVE MILL
FROM THE STATE
The yacht Venitzia was built in 1880 in
¦Mystic, Conn., and was elaborately fin
ished and furnished. She Is fifty feet
long, with a net tonnage of thirty-one.
PHILADELPHIA. July 19.— Arthur T.
Colburn, who with his two daughters/Ida
and. Annette, and his niece, Miss Eliza
beth Colburn, was drowned by the capslz-.
Ing of his yacht near Captains. Island, in
Long Island Sound, : yesterday, was a
wealthy spice manufacturer of this city
and an expert yachtsman. He was a
member of the Corinthian Yacht Club. of
Philadelphia, and left here last Friday to
Join his yacht at New. York to participate
in the annual cruise of his club. ' He re
sided in - Delaware j City, Del., where he
had an extensive estate.- Elizabeth Col
burn was a daughter of F. C. Colburn of
Ansonla, Conn. • •
The steward" saw nothing of the others
of the party after the disaster and be
lieves that some were carried under by
the sails and rigging, and that others
were drowned in the cabin.".
The others oh board the' ill-fated craft,
Mrs. Walter J. Sprankle of Philadelphia
and daughter of the owner of the yacht,
and the steward, James -Stanbridge of
New York, were rescued by the tug Gert
rude after clinging for two hours to the
bottom of a capsized longboat. .'
The yacht lett Delaware City Monday
morning, bound for Newport. Yesterday,
morning it started from Thompsonville,
S.' I., the intention being to put into
Black Rock, Conn., last night and. take
on' board Mrs. Sprankle's husband. Ac-,
cording to the story of the steward, the
accident happened between 3 and 3130
o'clock in the afternoon. The sky was
squally and the steward says he heard
Colburn say to Captain Flint that it
would be well to take in some of the. light
sails, but' the captain replied that , the
boat- would -stand all the wind that was
coming. She then had on all of her light
sails, including jibs, staysail and topsail.
Steward Stanbridge says he was in the.
galley preparing supper when he heard
an unusual fluttering of the Jibs and felt
the boat heel over. He rushed on deck
and was about midships when the craft
capsized. ' When he found himself • in the
water he attempted to grasp one of the
sails, which lay on the water, but found
that it was sinking, and he then swam
for the yawl's tender,' which was bottom
up. As he was supporting himself at one
end of the boat Mrs. Sprankle, who is an
expert swimmer, caught hold of the other
end and .they balanced themselves Hhus
until the tug Gertrude -appeared and the
attention" of those on board was attract
ed by shouts. When picked up both were
thoroughly exhausted, but have partially
recovered to-day. \ .
ARTHUR C.'COLBURN, owner of the
yacht, and his daughters, Ida and An
nette Colburn of Philadelphia. "
CAPTAIN FLINT of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
master of the yacht, and a sailor, narno
unknown. •.,. ¦ . .' ¦ .
NEW -HAVEN, Conn., July 19.— Five
persons were drowned In the sound yes
terday afternoon by the capsizing of the
yawl-rigged yacht Venitzia of Philadel
phia at a point flve ( miles east of Sands
Point, near the New York and Connecti
cut line. Two only of those on board the
yacht were rescued.' • The drowned are: :
Five Persons Drowned
in Disaster to a v
Yacht. ~
PLEASURE TRIP
BRINGS TRAGEDY
: Charles Sutro, . the well-known, capitalist
and brother of Albert Sutro and the late
Gustave and Emll Sutro and Elvira Grad
wohl, died yesterday at his residence in
this city. He was a native of • Aix
la-Chapelle and 72 years of age. •
Charles Sutro Passes Away.
The proposition to indorse the publica
tion of a labor Journal under the auspices
of the council and the guidance of the
executive committee was indorsed. -
W. A. Mullen, a yaung man from So
noma County who entered the Union Iron
Works some six months ago • and was
working in the sawmill, had his left hand
cut off yesterday afternoon by. a circular
saw. He was endeavoring to. do a. man's
work but was careless. He was removed
to St. Luke's Hospital. ., .
Notices were read to all watches of the
police force last night that all vacations
would be cut off. until further notice. It
Is customary for the members of the force
to have a vacation of/twelve days each
year. Those who have not been. fortunate
enough to obtain it ere this will have to
wait untllthe strike question is settle 1 *!.
It is reported that the Brotherhood of
Teamsters had definitely determined to
Btrike on Monday morning. In anticipation
of this move a number of leading houses
have • been ' quietly preparing, purchasing
trucks and horses and engaging men ac
customed/to this class of work, whom
they will take on as soon as their old
hands walk out. .„•„.;-. -
A notice of the proposed withdrawal of
the Carpet Mechanics' Association was
received by the San Francisco • Labor
Council last night • and referred to the
executive 'committee ¦* for consideration:
President J. A. Kelly \ of Machinists*
Union No. 68, has Just returned from the
Grand Lodge of Machinists, held recently
In Toronto. He has been absent about
six weeks and returns pleased with the
outlook, saying that the men are still
preserving an unbroken front and are
prepared to tJo ao fora long time.
President McCabe of the Iron Trades
Council reports that indications point to
a breakvln-- the pranks of the/ employers.
He said- the men were. ; standing firm and
the outlook was most promising. Money
is coming in from- the .East -and- larger
monetary, benefits are being disbursed.
From ¦¦¦ Seattle the report comes that- the
men are: returning to work under the hew
schedule. ' . ¦ . • • ¦ - ¦ • -- •¦>'•''
One of the delegates from the Brother
hood of Teamsters at the San Francisco
Labor Council last- night reported that
his orga'nlzation expected to tie up the
hauling business of this city to-day unless
their demands were granted— In order\to
strengthen the fight of the teamsters, a
formal boycott was declared against the
Morton Special Delivery Company. This
has been pending for some weeks. Al
though the Morton Drayage and Ware
house .Company has been unionized, it
has been doing considerable hauling for
the special delivery concern. Drivers of
teams who belong to other drayage com
panies cannot now handle any freight for
their firms If they assist either. I
Meetings of both the Draymen's Associ
ation and the Brotherhood of Teamsters
were, held last night, but no definite re
sults, were reached. The meeting of the
Draymen's Association was largely at
tended, all the leading draymen of the
city being present. After a lengthy dis
cussion it was decided, in the event of
tho Brotherhood of Teamsters giving no
tice of further demands, to leave the mat
ter In the hands of the executive commit
tee, which will endeavor to reason with
their employes. . )
One of the latest possibilities in the
strike line is one which may Involve the
car conductors and gripmen employed by
the Market-street Railway Company.
For some time past a number of employes
on the various lines formed the idea of
organizing a union and proceeded to en
list the'eo-operatloh of their fellow work
men. The matter was carried on very
Quietly "and a provisional" union was
formed. A few meetings were held and
things were progressing . smoothly,, many
of.tne employes agreeing to Join. •
Just haw far the organiza£ion-had pro
gressed no one seems to know. On Tues
day, however, ,Lome of tho officers of the
Market-street Railway Company, notified
nlno of their employes on the Powell arid
Sacramento street lines that their ser
vices would no longer be required. Among
these were some of the oldest employes
of tho company. This was followed the
following day by the discharge of sixteen
more men.. When an explanation was de
manded the men were not, given much
satisfaction, but were told in parables
what a terrible thing it was to belong to
a union and its evil effects upon .the
workingman and his employer. The men
were rather surprised at the action taken
and the discovery of their plans. How
ever, being out of % the employ of the
company, they have since been Inciting
the working employes to unite with them
and tie up the entire system.
None of the conductors or gripmen ap
proached last night would . discuss the
question of a car employes' union or
whether they would make. a demand for
additional pay. But the twenty-five dis
charged men ar,e energetic in working up
the matter and may, with outside assist
ance, succeed in accomplishing their ends.
Local labpr leaders profess not to know
of the existence of such a union.
A solemn high mass for the repose, of
the soul o^ Father Brennan will be. cele
brated at Alenlo Park next Monday. A
solemn" high mass will also be celebrated
at ' St. Patrick's Church' in this ¦ city
next Wednesday. It is not yet known
whether the body will be brought to thla
country. or taken to Ireland for interment.
. Father Brennan left his parish In Merilo
Park last January to go to Ireland to visit
his father, who was dangerously 111, and
who died before his son could reach him:
Father Brennan then decided' to .make a
tour of Europe before returning to 'this
country. Deceased Is survived by a sister,
.who is a sister in. the Dominican order,
and a brother, who is a layman., 'j;-=-:
~ • • i> . ~T ¦
REV. FATHER ioHN BRENNAN,
pastor of the Catholic church at
Menlo' Park, passed, away in
Paris, Frjance, yesterday, of ty-
I .'phoid fever after a week's illness.
The sad . news was received , in this city
last night: by Archbishop Riordan:
Father Brennan , was born in -County
Roscommon. Ireland, and was 38 years of
age. He was dearly belo.ved by all Catho
lics in this city and throughout the State,
to whom he had endeared 1 himself by his
kind- and gentle manners. He ministered
in : St. Patrick's parish in this city for
eleven years and also was attached to. St.
Theresa's Church in the Potrero. He also
served in Stockton and Napa. "
In an Interview Radcliffe takes" the po-'
eition that neither ¦ he nor his men are
to blame for the killing of W. A. Wo
mack by Game V»"arden Mahaney. Rad
cliffe places his loss in young trout alone
at $10,000. He says he endeavored to re
turn to the scene of the trouble as soon
as he heard of the shooting, but desisted
because he was told he would be lynched.
The Governor declined to send any troops
to the place until he had made further
inquiry into the necessity for them.
Radcliffe Bays he will put in a claim
against the State for $6000, the value of
the hotel and other buildings allesed to
have been burned by the mob. The affair
may assume international complications
before it is ended. Radcliffe, who is an
English subject, having appealed to the
British Consul for protection to his life
and property.
DENVER, Colo.. July IS.— William
Radcliffe has appealed to the State to
protect his property at the Grand Mesa
Lakes. He says armed men are in pos
session of It and threaten to kill his em
ployes if they do not leave Delta County.
He arrived in the city last evening ajid
immediately entered into consultation
¦srith the State Game Commissioner. The
opinion of the Attorney General will be
asked as to the duty of the State.
Englishman in Colorado
Appeals* for Mili
tary Aid.
DESPERATE MEN
HOLD HIS UNO
>ti^HE Republican State Committee
I will meet at 2 o'clock this after
• noon at Golden Gate Hall on Sut
1L ter stre«U The meeting was
called on petition of Augustus
Tilden, chairman of the Kelly-Crlmmins
County Committee. The bosses noting the
growing strength and Influence of the Re
publican Primary League, and fearing
that good citizens composing -the league
membership would give a finishing stroke
to bossism ""at . the primary election on
August 13, ap^ealed for help to the State
Committee. The fact is obvious that the
members of the State Committee have
been called together to bolster up and
stimulate the lowest grade of bossism In
California. The contest In which the com
mittee is called to interfere is purely mu
nicipal. There are no State functions to
perform. There is no party ticket to rec
ognize, for under the primary election law
the party column is left blank for names
to be filled in or pasted on the ballot. A
pretense was put forward that the Elec
tion Commissioners of San Francisco de
sired the committee to decide a question
as to the apportionment of delegates. The
Election Commissioners asked nothing of
the kind. The petitioners f6r the meeting
of the State body axe the bosses behind
the Tilden committee and the respondents
are the bosses in the State Committee.
- . Representation by Proxy.
Members of the State governing body
who live in the interior will not as a rule
attend the meetings in person. The rep
resentation will be largely by proxy, yet
the spectacle will be .presented of dele
gates representing Lassen, Humboldt,
Los Angeles. San Diego. Shasta. Modoc,
Amador, Calaveras, Tehama, San Ber
nardino and other counties assembling
for the purpose of fixing the appointment
of a municipal convention in San Fran
cisco. Last night Judge Mclvinley and
Walter Parker of Los Angeles were con
sidering what was best or worst for this
city. It makes but little difference
whether the Bouvier or Tilden committee
shall be recognized, as both pass out of
existence in a few months. "
The session of the State Committee this
afternoon promises to be animated. It is
known that leading Republicans who are
profoundly impressed with the belief that
bossism should be eliminated from the
party councils will enter a vigorous pro
test "against this scheme to indorse Kelly
and Crimmins as the representatives of
the Republican party in San Francisco.
The agitation for interference by the
Among the 'well-known public men at
the Palace Hotel are Thomas Flint Jr.,
San Juan: John F. Davis. Amador: Dr.
Chester Rowell, Fresno; W. C. Ralston,
Calaveras: Mayor Snyder and Judge Mc-
Kinley, Los TA.ng-eles, and Z. B. West,
Oranje.
Anti-boss clubs recently organized in the
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Assem
bly districts, the old strongholds of Kelly
and Crimmins, are dally receiving large
accessions of membership. Anti-boss vic
tory in the Twenty-nintn District is al
ready assured, and the work of enroll
ment Is proceeding with unusual rapidity
In the Twenty-eighth District.
At headquarters of the Primary League,
930 Market street, cheering reports come
from every district. It is known to the
taxpayers and other representatives of
good citizenship that an alliance has been
formed by Sam Rainey and Martin Kelly,
by which, the former agrees to -help out
his old boss' partner with reinforcements
of Democratic push. In the struggle for
good local government the people of San
Frariclsco have other foes than .those in
the Republican State Central Committee,
hence there should be a movement toward
consolidating all the independent ." anti
boss Republican clubs for the .battle to be
fought on -August 13. . • -'•
It is regarded as significant that Gov
ernor Gage has passed most of his time
at the Palace Hotel in this city since the
State Committee resolved to interfere in
local affairs. It is also noted that Daniel
Kevane, secretary, and Walter Parker,
expert of the State Board of Examiners;
Adjutant General Seamans, Eddie Conroy,
Johnny Mackenzie, Ben Fehnemah, Dr.
Lavrtor, H. W. Dinkelspiel and others of
the State administration coterie are act
ively engaged in this locality. Promises
of employment on the water front have
been given to induce party workers to get
in behind Kelly and Crimmins in the local
contest. It is common belief In political
circles that Governor Gage is giving coun
tenance and support to the Dosses who
are combining to loot this city.
Anti-Boss Clubs.
State Committee did not besrln until Kel
ly and Crimmins saw plainly that the
Primary League, composed of reputable
Republican citizens, was extending its
Influence for good local government to
every district In the city. In the appeal
for outeide help the bosses admitted tnelr
own weakness and demoralization/ Iso
matter what the committee mav do to
day, the power and strength of the
league will not be Impaired by the Inter
ference. In fact Indications point to re
newed determination on the part of citi
zens to rally at the primary election and
rout the boss element in every district.
Teamsters Threaten a Walk
Out Unless Demands
Are Granted.
Rumors of Secret Union
Cause Discharge of
/ Employes.
STREETCAR MEN
MAY NOW STRIKE
Republican Citizens in the Fight to Win Good Local;Gov
ernment—Peculiar Attitude of the State Administration.
Is Gage Behind Kelly and Crimmins in Opposition?
OUTSIDE INTERFERENCE
WI LL NOT SAVE BOSS ES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 20. 1901.
Pastor of jYl e " 10 Park Chu^h, Who; Labored .in St." Patrick's
I Parish in T his City for Eleven Years,; Falls a Victim to Ty
; phoid Fever While Sojourning, in ;the French Capital
FATH E R BRENNAN PASS ES
AWAY IN DISTANT PARIS
LATE 1 PRIEST WHO.; MINIS
TERED FOR MANY TEARS IN
THIS : CITT r ..' v •¦ *' , v i
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Th^ most .trying work of the
family saved Fels-Naptha soap
for-iwashing- and scouring 1 .
. : Yqui* . grocer returns ' yoiir,
money if you don't like it." .,
: Fels 1 & Co f .,' makers,. Philadelphia.
Jf~ r '*> > . STRICTLY RELIABLE,
'^^& "2 " ¦ r ¦- 'ONLY I '. . :
4p*^3F R T- ¦ f a r the
fSeJ hJWr ¦ . ** greater number . of
patients -¦ seeking relief
5*g&«\ * op so-called weakness
as^*7/ Vy ; are - strong, robust men in
\U II %*¦¦ ev wy other respect. Our
JTr/I". // * theory that Loss of Vltal-
J»- Ji : > JJ ¦¦¦' Jty • Prematurenesa, etc.,
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory 1 processes ' in ¦ the Prostate Gland
(so-called ' neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation, la now
being adopted by the leading specialists of the
world. Under our local - plan of - treatment,
directed toward reducing - the enlarged- and
swollen Prostate, immediate results, as Indi-
cated . by . increased circulation and .' renewed
etreneth, are ' obsen-ed. Our. colored : chart of :
- the organs, which we send free on application.
Is Interesting to any one. wishing to study tne
anatomy of the male. • ; - - -' . -
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
g\ ¦ r"H . nmt I I Corner Fourth' and:
PAFF RllYu |-ss^«v-as:-.
¦-.:•¦¦''¦<. ¦ ' . vallsea fchecked frea.
Weak Men aidllPomeii
C HOULD USE DAMIANA '. BITTERS^ THE
""^^reat . Mexican- remedy; gives: health and'
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.'
POSTTJM CEB-EAIu ,
HARD TO BREAK.
But tlie Coffee Habit Can Be Put Off.
"I was a coffee user from early child-^
hood, but It finally made me so nervous
that I spent a great many sleepless
night3, starting at every sound I heard
and suffering with a continual dull head-
ache. My hands trembled and I was aJso
troubled with shortness of breath and pal-
pitation of the heart. The whole system
showed a poisoned condition and I was
told to leave oft coffee, for that was the
cause of ll I was unable to break myself
of the habit until some one Induced me
to try -Postum Food Coffee, g
"The first trial the Food Coffee was Cat
and tasteless and I thought it was horrid
stuff, but xny friend urged me to try again :
and let it boll longer. This time I had a
very delightful* beverage and have been
enjoying it ever since, and am now in a
very greatly improved condition of health.
"My brother is also using Postum in-
stead of coffee, and a friend of ours, Mr.
\V., who was a great coffee user, found
himself growing more and more nervous
and was troubled at times with dizzy
spells. His wife suffered with nausea and
r indigestion, also from coffee. They lef£
it off and have been using Postum Food
Coffee for some time and are now in a
perfect condition of health." Grace C.
M.. Cuyahoga Falls. Ohio.
Put a piece of butter in the pot the size
of two peas to prevent boiling over, j
COMPETEITT JTTDCKES,
Beauty Doctors Endorse Herpicide.
"Women who make a business of beantl-
fying other women come .pretty, near
knowing what will bring 'about the best
results. Here are letters from two con«
cerning Herpicide:
"I can icconunena Newtiro s xxerpidae,
as it stopped my hair from falling out,
and as a dressing it has no superior.
(Signed) "Bertha A- Trullinger, .
"Complexiort Specialist;
" "291% Morrison street, Portland, Or."
"After using one bottle of 'Herpicide'
my hair has . stopped falling out and my
scalp is entirely free from dandruff. •;.-'
i (Signed) . "Grace Dodge.
..•.-. "Beauty DootOT.". .
. "195 Sixth street, Portland, Or." / •
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specfalists. Disease $^25?^ IK
and weakness, of- s&i w ¦ V
men. Establls had VJff
1SS1. Con sultati^n ffS^ *i£*Bt&i
and private book VA\ i. S^. \ I
free, at office or by . *vj|%-. I Jtyj&A
mall. Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar- 3i«^^S
ket street (eleva- j ,
tor entrance), San jM \v^^ffi&a^
Francisco. ¦¦ w "^tl'Nj^— * 5^'5<s^^
S ST A'TE/yifelNT
iDONDITION AND/AFFAIRS
_ __OP" XHE - • "
Frankfort Marine
Accident
And Plate Class
• INSURANCE COMPANY
OP FRANKFORT-ON-THE-ilAIN, GER-
many, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by- the Com-
missioner. * .
• CAPITAL. .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up "
. in Cash .....: J312.50O 00
ASSETS.' ¦'.; ; '¦".¦;/*..
Real Estate owned by Company $237,698 13
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 838,359 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company......;.... 651,155 7S
Cash In Company's Office .:."„¦. .. 8,128 19
Cash In Banks- i. 272.083 91
Due from Agents and from other
Insurance Companies 567,555 76
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 6,340 SS
Total Assets $2,551.324 62
. , "LIABILITIES. -•_
-Losses adjusted and unpaid^......'.] ",
Losses In process, of Adjustment 'or * '-. " -
In . Suspense -if $281,708 SS
Losses • resisted., including- \ex- s .,,-'.
pensea
Gross premiums on Marine and' ".,
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
' reinsurance 100 per cent ¦ 62,372 23
Gross premiums on Marine Time *
Risks, % ; reinsurance 50 per - - j-.
' cent J . ' .
Liability under other. Branches.;.... 597,762 60
Pension fund „... 13,105 02
All-other Liabilities » .- -806,138 01
Total Liabilities ..." $1,771,1*4 "8
INCOME..,' "
Net cash actually, received for pro-' :
mlums $1,451,781 36
Received for Interest and dividends . ¦¦
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 43,636 36
Received for. transfer fees 214 SO
Total Income ."..$1,495,632 22
EXPENDITURES. -. ¦ . . . "
Net amount paid for Losses., .'.. $701,965 30
Dividends to Stockholders.. 81,230 00
Paid - or allowed for - Commission or
Brokerage 389,374 07
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other.
charges for officers, clerks, etc.:.. 84,900 03
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ".....- .6.285 26'
All other payments and expenditures 47.9SS 99
Total Expenditures ..... tli . . .\ : ..$11307,963 64
- - ¦ CARL Hlh'K, Vice President. - -
v , P. DUUCKE. Secretary.
. Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 13th
day of -April, f-1901-.'. •''-.¦ '
[¦: "RlCHARt>^GUENTHER, Consul General.'
yOSS,^ CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers*
2M, 206 and 203 SANSOME 'STREET,
San Francisco* Cal.",' ' "." -•'
ApVERTISEHLESTTS.
IllwBli!
I ¦: ' CHAECfl
1 :¦;.: .': JillrJCji |
SSCHOOL I
f :• SBOEsrj
I The Greatest I
I Valuies Ever I
I Offered in |
I This City 1' I
Is Best Material I |
Latest Styles! |
. Lowest Prices ! I
YOUTHS' SHOES, 11 to 2 ... $1.25 1
BOYy SHOES, 2 2 Mo 5J.... UO §
CHIOS' SHOES, 6 to 11... .90 §
« MISSES' SHOES, 115 to 2... 1.10 1
g A£L WIDTH3 AND SI2S3. . &
| LippitiS Fisher §
|marketst. I
i &4S ¦ I
R Bet. Fifth and Sixth Sts. g
[matt
1 Aun er8a! TraIa f
D AHD - runs but twica j
B p«r week during w
Ifliiair-"—- I
1 THE Lewrfaj st 9 un, @
9 . .'. * It trrivM in fl
1 *¦¦-«»*»¦»¦*•¦ ChicaflO »t 2.15 n
CJllFOBHDl-iri
liiMiirn H I
I LI Kill! LU Iljhlg* standard £J
S - •! senriea Is If
1 ' ON tally naintalnrt. I
pip J
- . . . ' v •
CC 1)
MARKET ST.3rSSSS^
STATEMENT
OB 1 THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
v -- , OF "'•" "¦
Frankfort American
INSURANCEjCOMPANY
OF NEWT YOR&. IN THE STATE OJP NEW
York, on ..the 31st day|of December. A. D.
1900, and lor the -year ending on that day.
as- made to the Insurance .Commissioner o£ the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
mlssloner. , CAPrrAIfc
Amc«nt of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash i J2CO.00O 00
-^. - - ASSETS.
Casn Market "Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company... $397,024 53
Cash in Banks ; ' *3,Xil 23
Interest dne and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans -» 4,923 33
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ...-¦ --- - 37.33223
Total Assets >*88,651 K
r iJABiLrnES.
Losses In. process of Adjustment or -
In Suspense '. ...' ' J15.170 71
Losses rtsisted. Including expenses.. 38,300 00
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $ ; relnsur- . -
ance 50. per cent 110,837 63
Grosa premiums on- Risks running '
more than one year, f ; rein-
surance pro Fata.....; 13,969 03'
Total; Liabilities •'. $179.07X50
;, income. ~
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums •. J22S.739 93
Received' for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, loans and from
all other, sources.......... 9.900 CO
Received from all other sources.. 13.867 38
Total Income. 1334,567 51
EXPENDrrnBEs.
Net amount paid for Losses (lnclud-. .
Ing $_ — .losses of previous years) $39,073 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage 53,543 76
Paid for" Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc ! 6,420 CO
Paid for State. National . and Local
taxes •*• ...'... . 4,432 40
All other payments and expenditures 54,319 68
Total Expenditures J207.013 74
- - _ : : p. q_ VOSS, Vice President.
J. M. SMITH. Secretary.
Subscribed 'and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January, 1901. ¦ ¦
* EDWIN P. COREY.
.Commissioner for California In New York, |
VOS6, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers,
204, 206,"' 288 SANSOME STREET,
¦' I.;". San Francisco, Cal. '"
CM CH1CH ESTER'S ENGLISH
• Pennyroyal pills
Kl 1-^*V ' ' Ortsln&l nud Only GeaulaCk
KOSLtKBArZ. Al.i-»r.i,.bii Ladles ukDranbt
£J{ {£&yi <** CM ICK2S'£EK'S KNOUSII
&"WWJ«l la HJEI> »n'J Ciold ractalllo boxn. mint
Vv — ~\i^ J "!t& u;oe ribbon. Take no other. Rcfuno
Y*\ &* VVj J*nigcraua SalNtUtatiiM* and lml to.
I */ "" fir tlnn*. Bay of your DrMglst. or Mnd 4c l»
I W ' ¦ Jf icuniw tor Pmrtlrulon. Tcattnaalala '
-I'D* J» -»ndi"R*lIerftirL»ille«."*nl««i«r, b/re.
_X v IS tan Mall. 1 A.<MM> Tt«l»iUla. 3oW i»
> r all Drug ji.tt ¦ Ckt«aeater Cb«mTeal C«v,
M«a'JontU«p.p«r. SX.idlion »q««ru, PHILA^ VJ.Continued on Page Thirteen.
Weather Report.
Vl20th Meridian — Paclflc Time.)*
SAN FRANCISCO. July 19-5 p. rn.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60; Mount Tamalpals, 84; Independ
ence, 9S;Red Bluff, 100; Fresno, 104: Los An
geles. El: Sacramento. SS; San Luis Obispo. S6;
"^an Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
67: minimum. SI: mean. 59.
~~ THE COAST RECOPO).
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 54 degrees. 1
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over California and
has risen over Idaho and Northern Oregon.
There are some Indications of the approach of
a storm of the Sonora type along the Mexican
boundary and showers may be expected in Ari
zona and Southern New Mexico.
The temperature continues high In the inte
rior of California. Maximum temperatures ex
ceeS'.ng 100 degrees are reported at rr.any.
points. No. rain has fallen west of the Rocky
Mountains. -t'jl
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight. July JO. 1S01:
Northern Calif omla-Falr Saturday;- con
tlr.ued warm weather In the Interior: fresh
westerly winds on the coast with fog in the
"'southern California— Fair Saturday, except
showers ln the mountains; fresh westerly
winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday: continued warm
weather; fresh westerly wind. _^ .
S«n Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday:
fre»>^ westerly winds, with fog at night.
PPECIAL DA1LT FRUIT SERVICE.
Hollister— Hay crop estimated to be much
nbovt the normal.
Ventura— Fog all night *nd until noon; good
for Lima and other beans.
Palermo — South wind; peaches ripening elow
"Fan Jose— North wind, clear; leather favor
able for drying fruit.
Har.ford— North wind; all fruit and grain do-
Napa— South wind, clear; peaches ripening
fast; commence canning peaches.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July IS.— The character of to
dsy'n stock market was much the same as
lhat of yesterday, but there was a conspicuous
abser.ee of the late enormous demand which
lifted Union Pacific yesterday ln the closing
dealings. The volume of transactions was
rather larger than yesterday, but the market
was nevertheless highly professional. Much
¦liquidation had to be absorbed by those who
had set themselves the task of supporting the
market and the burden seemed to be too heavy
to carry- Prices brckc through support ln the
late dealings and the market closed weak at
the lowest of the day. Even those stocks which
had shown strength Ouring the day had very
little left to show in the way of gains, and
'the stocks which were conspicuous for strength
ypstfnJay were conspicuously weak. The stocks
s elected as props for the market to-day seemed
to be principally among the Southern rail
roads and the Gould Southwestern*. Included
with the latter were Western Union and Man
hattan. Texas and Pacific was at one time
three points over la« night ana there was
large buying in Missouri Pacific. United Slates
Ptficl stocks seemed to 1 be well under control
by insiders and they were marked up shaiply
ov*r a point each during the period of strength
lp the xn&rlcet. The pu£taininjr force of these
advances, however. wa6 steadily taken advan
tage of to realize in the railroad list. Union
•Pacific. St. Paul and Atchison were the most
conspicuous objects of the Relling. Southern
Paeiflc at one time broke nwsy from the group
• n<l was marked up to 53%, apparently j n p Ur .
euance cf the design of supporting the market
for realizing purpose*'. The device proved only
moderately successful, an d*d others of the
tame character. In th« late reaction the de
cline ln St. Paul extended to 5%. Union Pacific
to 5%. Atchlson 3T4, Slissourt Pacific 3% and
Southern Pacific to 3%. Much of the selling
frii.ei to be prompted by the renewed fears
of disaster to the corn crop, the same motive
betnr at work ln the corn market. The selling
for Western account was very large and was
attributed to Important interests. The selling
(or London account was another important fac
tor in the day's market. It was rnop t conspicu
ous in the Stee! stocks, but extended besides
to others of the international list.' The week's
movement of money to and from the interior
gives promise of a strong bank statement to
morrow. * ¦
The bond market was moderately active and
lrre-gnlar. Total sales, par vaiue. J2,500.c!>0.
United States bonds -were unchanged on the
lsst calL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Soli. Stocks— Bid.
60.500 Atchlson 75
J.7C0 Atchlson prefd ;...... 96%
2,100 Baltimore & Ohio 97
Baltimore & Ohio prefd «2
900 Canadian Pacific 103%
....... .Canada Southern 67%
1.700 Chesapeake & Ohio. 45
2.100 Chicago & Alton 33%
806 Chicago & Alton prefd 77
1.000 Chicago Ind & Louisville 34
Chlcapo Ind & Louisville prefd 70
Chicago &. Eastern Illinois..... 128
tS,M0 Chicago & Grnat Western...' 24%
....... Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. SI
j.100 -Chicago &. Great- Western B prefd.. 49 -
Chicago & Northwestern 1S8
1,200 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 147
700 Chicago Terminal & Trans... 20 '
700 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd:... 40^4
2.100 C C C & St Louis.... 91 V
2,800 Colorado Southern 13%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 49%
1,200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22
2.100 Delaware & Hudson.. .% -.158
1.700 Delaware Lack & Western 225
400 Denver & Rio Grande 42V4
2,400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 92%
42,300 Erie 37%
7.100 Erie 1st prefd 66
1,500 Erie 2d prefd 49
900 Great Northern prefd 177%
300 Hocking Valley ,..60
Hocking Valley prefd 74 ¦
2,500 Illinois Central 148%
1,500 Iowa Central 36%
900 Iowa Central prefd - 74
Lake Erie & Western 54
L^ke Erie & Western prefd 117
13.200 Louisville & Nashville 105%
8.000 Manhattan L 119%
1.400 Metropolitan Street Railway. 168%
4.200 Mexican Central 24%
1.300 Mexican National 9%
2,100 Minneapolis & St Louis 110%
3S.100 Missouri Pacific .105%
£00 Missouri Kansas & Texas. 26U
700 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 65%
New Jersey Central .• 157
2,100 New York Central 152%
1,200 Norfolk & Western 48%
Norfolk & Western prefd SS
......'. Northern Pacific prefd 97
12,500 Ontario & Western 32%
P C C i St Louis 79
8,400 Pennsylvania 144%
19.300 Reading :.... 40
6,100 Reading 1st prefd 75%
7,200 Reading 2d prefd 51»»
500 St Louis & San Francisco 42%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 76
1,400 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd '. 69
2,200 Et Louis Southwestern 3ft
900 6t Louis Southwestern prefd. W%
35,400 St Paul 162%
St Paul prefd ...". 1K6
Southern Pacific 65%
154,200 Southern Railway :. 30Vi
26,700 Southern Railway prefd 84%
• 4,200 Texas & Pacific 42
19,500 Toledo St Louis & Western 19
». Toledo St Louis & Western prefd... 34%
215,800 Union Pacific 103%
1.400 Union Pacific prefd M 89
2,200 Wabash : 20%
16,900 Wabash prefd 89
10O Wheeling & Lake Erie 1S%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29
1,600 Wisconsin Central ."......... 21%
900 Wisconsin Central prefd 40
Express Companies—
Adams 170
American 190
TTnited States £6
....... Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—
17.300 Amalgamated Copper 115*»
2,200 American Car & Foundry 29%'
400 American Car & Foundry prefd 84%
American Linseed OU 24
American Linseed Oil prefd 60
2,400 American Smelting & Ref 55U
•700 American Smelting & Ref prefd 100%
2.S00 American Tobacco 130%
1.C00 Anaconda Mining C"> 45%
7.:00 Krooklyn Rapid Transit 77%
4,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 99%
300 Consolidated Gas S17
1C0 Continental Tobacco .'. Cfi'.i
Continent!!! Tobacco prerd 116
1.4C0 General Klectric 2i3
£00 Glucose Sugar 65
1.100 Hocking Coal 20
100 International Paper 20*4
100 International Paper prefd..... 75
' COS International Power ?5'i
200 Laclede Gas 93
I0O National Biscuit 4:u
National Lead 20
300 National Salt C\
- 100 National Salt prefd 77V4
900 North American 101
Paclflc Coast CO -
900 Pacific Mall 39%
7,100 People's Gas ...; 114
Pressed Steel Car 40
300 Pressed Steel Car prard 84
Pullman Palace Car 205
1,900 Republic Steel 19%
400 Republic Steel prefd 73%
32,400 Sugar 143%
6,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 61
100 Union Bag & Paper Co 14%
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd..- 71
2,100 United States Leather 12%
100 United States. Leather prefd 78
United States Rubber 194
United States Rubber prefd 57
138.700 United States Steel 1 39%
66.100 United States Steel prefd SS«4
14,700 Western Union 52%
1.078,100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
IT S 2s ref reg 107 \' Y Cent lsts 104H
Docow .¦ 107M * J Cent Ken 5s. .128%
Do 3s reg 10RV, s'urtnern Pac 3s... 72%
Do 3s coup »1C9 Do 4s 103%
Do new 4s reg...l37U .V Y C & St L 4s. .107%
Do new 4s coup.138'4 V & W con 4s 102%
Do old 4s reg 1J3 . Or Nav lsts 107
Do old 4s coup. ..113 Do 4s 102
Do 5s reg 107% Or Short L 6s.... ,130
Do Es coup 109 Do con 5s 116%
Dls of Col 3.65s 126 Reading Gen 4s... 95%
Atchlson gen 4s lt.3% R G "W lsts 101%
Do adj 4s 97% St L & I M con 5s. 117
Canada Sou 2ds....lO9% S L & S F gen 6s.. 132
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO8 St Paul con... 173
Do 5s.. 120 St P C & P lsts. .120
C & N con 7s 137V4 Do 5s 116%
Do S F Deb 5s. .122% Southern Pac 4s... 92Vi
Chicago Term 4s.. 93 Southern Ry 5s 116%
Colorado Sou 4s... 88% Stand R & T 6s... 60
D & R G 4s 101%JT«»x & Pac lsts.... 118^
Erie Gen 4s 86%l Do 2ds... ;. 99
F W & D C lsts... 105% Innion Pac 4s... ...104%
O^n Klectrie 5b 200 Wabash lsts 118%
Iowa Cent lsts 135 Do 2ds 112
L & N Uni 4s 101% West Shore 4s 112%
M K & T 2ds S4%!Wls Cent lsts S8
Do 4s 97%!Va Centuries 94
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
• Money — j IWest End 95%'
Call loans ....4{?5|Westngh Elec 67
Time loans 4@4%! Bonds-
Stocks— ' Atchison 4s 102
Atch Tod & S F.. 75 V EG4 Coke 5s.. 65%
Do prefd.'. 96% Mining- Shares —
Amer Sugar 143% Adventure 26
Amer Tele 162% Blngham Mng Co.. 22%
EtoFton & Albany. .257 Amal Copper .115
Bonton Elevated ..186, Atlantic 37
Boston & Maine. .,193 Calumet & Hecla..78O
Dominion Coal 38 Centennial 28
Do prefd 114% Franklin 17«
U S Steel 40 Humboldt 25
Do prefd RS% Osceela 93 '
Fltchburg prefd ..143- Parrot, ex dlv 61
Gen Elec ..• 256 Qulncy 175
Mexican Cent 25 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
N E Gas & Coke.. 6% Tamarack 348
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 29'/4
Old Dominion 30% Wlnona 2%
flnlon Paclrtc 103% Wolverines \ 69
•Cnlon Land 3 ,
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 1 20;Little Chief 12
Alice 42,Ontario ...9 50
Breece 1 4r>iOphlr 60
Brunowick Con 13[Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel ...06%!Potosi • 02
Con Cal & Va.......l 9»;Savage ; 02
Deadwood Terra ... KO Sierra. Nevada M
Horn .Silver 1 35 Small Hopes ' 45
Iron Silver eo^tandard 3 20
LeadvlIIe Con 03 1 N .
London 'Market.
NEW YORK. Jply 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial, cablegram says:
. Consols and the market were; harder to-day
en the publication- of the captured war docu
ments, showing that. the burghers were dls
h»arten«>d. London utterly neglected American
stocks, but New York support advanced South
ern Pacific and Union Pacific at the same time '
hoisting the whole list •' '.
Four insignificant failures were announced.
Several other unimportant -.-- members helped
bring about the result. The American shake
out Is now over. Money rates' rule steady, j
CLOSING. '
LONDON, July .19.— Anaconda, 9V4: Atchlson,
77%: do preferred, ¦ 100; Canadian Pacific, 108;
weather stories was lost, out quotations hard
ened again • as I the • week advanced, on reports
that the rainfalls have only afforded partial re
lief. ¦ * r;-. ... ¦ .. ,* .,. . .-, . ¦_:'-¦ i.
Wheat sympathized in ¦ the early, break, but
strengthened ajain, not so much on bad crop
reports at home, for dry weather is still com
plained of, as because of a decided Improve
ment in the ¦ export business and advices of
Spanish and French buying here for quick de
livery. : The oats prospect is a poor one and
that cereal • Is attracting increased speculative
Interest^ .
Iron and steel, as a whole, are unsettled by
the strike, which directly affects only the tin
plate, the shfet and the hoop mills. The. out
look Is. with" a continuance of the strike, for
some weakness in the cruder forms of iron,
which will, of . course, tend to accumulate and
on the other hand Induce some advance in the
finished products affected directly by the strike.
. A better tone for wool is notetd at nearly all
markets and prices of finer grades, fine Terri
tory and Australian wools are steadily hard
ening.
Textile manufacturing is on a' better footing
than it. was a month ago.
Boots and shoes shipments from Eastern mar
kets are smaller than last week, but well ahead
of last year for the week and season. Orders
are of good volume And quick shipments are de
sired. _^
Wheat- (including flour) shipments for the
week aggregate 5.221.SOO bushels, against 5,016,
149 bushels last week, 3.023.3S1 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1900 3.40S.075 bushels in
1899'and 2,303,469 bushels in"lS9S. From July 1
to date shipments aggregate 12,762,455 bushels,
a^,i lKalnst 7.871.S49 bushels last season and
9,177.868 In 1S99-1900.
g Corn exports for the" week aggregate 1,714,081
bushels, against 2.800.738 bushels last week.
Ii,V 159 bus hels in this week a year ago, 3,666,
294 bushels in 1899 and 2.822.12S bushels In 1898.
From July 1 to date exports aggregate 6.008,767
. s ,«Sl 8^ a « alns t 10,613.755 bushels In the season
Of 1900-01 and 1.951.433 bushels in 1899-1900.
Business failures In the United States for the
week were 208. as against 199 last week. 202 this
W « 0 7 a year ag0 - m ln 1S9». 183 In. 1898 and 220
in 1597. jf , * -
Canadian failures for the week numbered 28.
aa a^i T 8 * 22 lMt we ek. 26 ln the week a year
ago. 19 in 1899 and 17, in 1898.
YORK.. July 19.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Anxiety regarding unfavorable possibilities
In the future rather than any actual present
misfortune depressed securities and caused
cancellation of some orders for merchandise by
Western dealers. Retail distribution of goods
wi 1 not be curtailed by. the labor controversy
unless it Is of long duration, as the men have
saved money during the recent period of full
employment at high wages. Similarly. In tome
osTJcultural. districts where there is fear that
little corn be harvested preceding, bumper
crops at good prices have put farmers in such
prosperous condition that their purchases will
not fall off materially while the greatest crop
of wheat on record • has not brought a return
to the low prices of previous heavy yields.
Beyond advancing prices of steel sheets and
depressing the market for tin, quotations have
not been affected by the strike of the Amal
gamated Association. . PIgiron furnaces are
not disturbed, although record-breaking pro
duction will bring accumulation of stocks if
the rolling mills are kept idle for any length
of time. In the branches not directly con
cerned there is no change of conditions, orders
frequently, running: months ahead. An early
settlement is confidently expected and there
Is much relief over the general collapse 6f
the machinists' strike. In anthracite coal re
gions work has also been Interrupted, but the
recent exceptionally heavy output assures
abundant stocks for some time. ~ / •
Woolen mills are generally more active than
at any time this year, orders for heavy
weight goods arriving in large numbers. -The
lightweight season will soon opsn and although
it is expected concessions of from 5 to 10
per cent from last year's prices will be made,
there is prospect of profitable operation unless
the raw material • should advance. Some un
certainty is seen in the wool market, sellers
making futile efforts to secure better terms
and ultimately accepting bids at former fig
ures. The tone ls^distinctly firmer and stocks
at mills and in warehouses decreased. In cot
ton goods the situation is unchanged. Etabll
it- 1 ' of prices seems assured In the footwear
industry. The firm tone is sustained, by the
steadiness of leather and buyers are not seek
ing concessions. Factories are running full
time, with orders on hand for months ahead.
Fall orders arrive ' freely and many New Eng
land producers refuse new contracts unless al
lowed to make deliveries at their own conveni
ence. Limited supplies of leather make the
market, very firm. Hides are fairly active and
steady. Calmer counsel prevailed in the grain
markets, exaggerated dispatches were dis
counted and variations in quotations were less
extensive. After a severe break from the
best price last Friday wheat steadily advanced,
as the feeling became general that foreign re
quirements would bring a new record for ex
ports, possibly exceeding 250,000.000 bushels.
Some of the heavy crop may also be used for
fodder In sections where corn is destroyed.
These Influences fully offset the effect of inte
rior receipts for week of 6,750.242 bushels
against only 4,833,253 .bushels last year. At
lantic exports show a large gain over las^
year's figures for the wwk amounting to $3.
902.775 bushels against 1.841.S61 a year ago.
Failures for the week numbered 193 In the
United States, against 231 last year and 32 In
Canada, against 27 last year.
** 1*
NEW TORK. July 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13.SS2 barrels; exports, 7533 barrels. More active
and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts, 198.650 bushels: exports,
61,571 bushels. Spot flrm. No. i red, 7?%o f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 7G"jc f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
84% f. 0. b. 'afloat. Options opened flrm and
wero strongly held all day in sympathy with
corn, big weekly clearances and higher cables.
Closed flrm, "4Sf%c net advance. July, 7414®
75Kc. closed 74%c; September, 73 6-16074 3- 16c,
closed 74VJc; October, 74%@74o, closed j 74Hc;
December, 75%@76c. closed 76o.
HOPS— Dull. State, common to choice, 1900
crop, 13@18c; 1899 crop. 10@13c:' old olds, 236c:
Pacific Coast, 1S00 crop, 13lgil7%c; 1S39 crop,
ll@15o; old olds, 2@6o.
HIDES-Qulet.
WOOL— Dull.
(JOFFEE— Spot Rio dull. No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
mild, quiet: Cordova, 8»4@12%c. Futures closed
unchanged to 6 points lower. Total sales, 14,-
EOO bags, including: July. 4.85c; September,
4.90@4.95c; Octdber, 5.00c; November, 6.05c;.De
cember, 5.15c.
SUGAR — Raw, flrm.- Fair refining, 8%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 5-S2c. Molasses sugar, 3Uc.
Refined dull.
BUTTER— Receipts, COOO packages; flrm.
State dairy. 14@14V4c; creamery, 15@19^c; fac
torj'. 13@13%e. - .
EGGS — Receipts. 4000 packages; strong. "West
ern, candled, 13@15c; uncandled, 10@12%c
, DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July 19.— It was a quiet day In
the market for dried fruits, with the dose
steady and. about unchanged. Evaporated ap
ples — State, " common to good, 3%@5c; prime,
5%@3%; choice, 6<ip}4c; choice to fancy, 6%@7c.
California dried fruits were quiet and un
changed. Prunes, 2%®7>4c.
Apricots — Royal, 81® 12c; Moorpark. 7%@12c
Peaches — Peeled, ll@12c; unpeeled, 6@10c ' '.
CHICAGO. July 19.— September corn opened
?3@%c higher at E2% to 52%o on hot- dry
weather In the West and Southwest. Liqui
dation caused a break to 52 1 ,i@52\4c during the
first 'hour, but thereafter the market, was a
strong one. Apprehension was increased ry
each succeeding .report of scorching weather.
Claims that Kansas corn was past helD, ex
cept in case where seeding:, had been' unusu
ally late,, and that Iowa corn was hard hit,
came from numerous sources. These claims
were backed up by buying, orders from the ter
ritory affected, with ' the- result, that the pit
¦was- scarcely a bear's habitation. September
rallied to 54c and closed strong, 1% higher at
53%c. -; ¦ . . . ¦
During the forenoon trade, was quiet In the
whiat ; pit, but later developments in the sit
uation caused increased activity « and a de
cidedly stronger tone to the market.* Septem
ber opened %<&Vi.c to %c higher . at ; 68*fcc to
68^c on. an advance at Liverpool. .Liquida
tion sent the price, to 67%c. At this point the
corn strength; then developing, together with
reported rising temperatures in the North
west, created a feeling of : bullishness, aug
mented by export sales of sixty loads. Sep
tember was bid up to 69%c during the after
noon and- closed 'strong, %o higher, at 69c.
¦ Oats were ; active and strong. : due largely
to the ; discouraging corn outlook and -prop
pects of a short crop of oats. September
closed %@%c. higher at34%c. .
There was little interest In provisions, prices
fluctuating "within a narrow range. The corn
strength had a steadying Influence. The close
was 2V4c higher all around. :
The leading futures ranged as follows: . •'
Articles— ; : Open. High. 1 Low.' Close.
¦Wheat No. 2-^ .'¦ H ' ¦ . ¦ '- - -
July.. 67H 67% 66% 67%
September-.... 68% 69V4 67?J '. M
December.:: 70ft ¦ 70% ' 69«» , 70%
• Corn No. 2— • .
July ................' 6Ui 62% , 6U& B2H
September ......... 62% 64 62% 63%
December .63% 64% 62% 54
. Oats '¦ No. 2—
July... ..*..-.. ..'..S2H ¦ S4!4 32>,4 ,34%
September :..:....: 33H 34^ 33% i 34%
May.......... :.' 36%' 37U 36H 37&
-• Mess ¦ Pork. ; per bbl — -•'.'¦ r ' ¦
September :........ 14 27% -14 30 - 14 17% 14 30 '
January ....:. ......14 52Vi 14 57 ¦' 14 52%. 14 57%
; Lard, per 100 lbs— . > . ¦ ¦ , ¦ . ¦
January -..:......"... 8 37% . 8 42% 8 35 '. ; 8 42%
Beptember ....:.'... 8 67% 8 67% 8 63 - 8 67%
October-..: rrr: 8 67% 8 67% : 8 62% ' 8 67%
..'Short Ribs, per. 100 lbs— • - '•¦¦¦-¦; ¦¦¦-
September .: 'A 7 90 •; 7 92% 7 87% 7 92%
October: ............ 7 92% 7 95 7 90 7 92%
January J 55 7 60 : 7 57% 7 60 ;
Cash - quotations . were as follows: Flour.
Northern Pacific preferred. 9S: D. & R. G.,
44'4; do preferred, 95; Southern Pacific, 58%;
Union Pacific, 110'4: do preferred, 91%. Bar
rllver, dull at 26 13-16d per ounce. Money.
2©2% r*r cent. ' : . .
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. . July 19.— Money on call Is
steady at »2©3 per cent; last loan. 2 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4@4\£ per cent. Ster
ling exchange is firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at 34 S7H for demand and $4 S4%
for sixty days.. Post*! rates, $4 S5H@4 SS. Com
mercial bills. $4 84@4 84V4. Bar silver. 5SHc
Mexican dollars, 46tfe. Government bonds,
steady; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
irregular.
Condition of the. Treasury.
, WASHINGTON, July 19.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption shows: Available cash
balance. U74.4S2.6S1: gold.- $96,045,820.
j NEW YORK, July 1?.— The following table,
compiled by Brads tree t, shows the bank clear-
Ings at principal cities for the week ended
July 18. 1901, with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year: ' >
: . . .. ' . . . " . Percentages.
Cities — Amount , Inc. . Dec.
New York $1,628,608,140 93.3
Boston 152,832,086 80.9
Chicago— ...v......;. 154,674.375 18.7
Philadelphia ; 113.173.04S ¦ 30.9 . ....
St. Louis 48,597.158 . -45.0 - . ....
Pittsburg 43,478,890 41.1
Baltimore 25,097,818 . 29.7,
San Francisco 23,589,504 4.5 ...;
Cincinnati 18.995,200 13.7 ....
Kansas .City 20.767.588 37.3 . ...:
New Orleans 8,713,117 3.4
Minneapolis 9,960,742 ...'. 8.5
Detroit 12,477,221 39.4
Cleveland .; 18,014,795 62.2 ....
Louisville ' 19,321,398
Providence . 7,970,300 68.0 ....
Milwaukee 6,780,335 18.5 ....
St. Paul 4,753,108 .... 8.2
Buffalo 5.C41.58S 12.5
Omaha 6,329,063 8.0
Indianapolis 9,068,615 39.7
Columbus, 0 7,510,400 42.8
Youngstown, O...'..>. 484,878 50.7
Savannah x 2,437,834 .... 47.4
Denver ..."..« 4,189.887 1\3
Hartford ...? 3,613.781 15.5
Richmond '... 5.255,591 98.6' .. ....
Memphis 2.374,778 32.4
Washington 2,794,739 . 18.5
Peoria 2,265,005 24.4
Rochester 2,701.234 4.5
New Haven 1.977,503 17.1 <
Worcester : 1,731,808 18.8 ' ....
Atlanta 1,607,858 6.4 ....
Salt Lake City 4,850.638 85.3
Springfield, Mass... 1.445,359 3.0 .
Fort Worth 1,721,800 .... 5.9
Portland. Me '1.346.757 21.5-
Portland, Or 2.144,469 2.9
St. Joseph 5,166.194 14.5 ....
Los Angeles 3.086.306 30.1 ....
Norfolk 1,505,386 14.6 . ....
Syracuse 1,405.973 23.2
Des Molnes 1,492,671 ....
Nashville 1,693,471 30.4 ....
Wilmington, Del... 1,150,770 11.6
Fall River 1,079,075 66.7 ....
Scranton 1,283.051 .... ....
Orand Rapids. 1,498,949 9.8 ....
Augusta. Ga 879,572 22.4
Lowell ...; 633.449 10.6 ....
Dayton, 0 1,367.398 7.8
Seattle ._ 2,851.680 .... 6.1
Tacoma .. 1.002.634 10.7 ..'.;
Spokane 1.174.0SS . 8.7
Sioux City 1,347,603 " 48.1 ....
New Bedford 619,212 47.0 ....
Knoxville, Tenn.... 535.679 11.2 ....
Topeka 1.130.S33 9.2
Birmingham 915,442 33.9
"Wichita 467.192
runnhamton 3S7.0O0 .... . 7.5
Springfield. Ill 60S.940
Lexington. Ky , 475.759 2.6 ....
Jacksonville. Fla... 368.743 68.3 ....
Kalamazoo . 469,724 • 1 " 42.1 ....
Akron. 0 723.000 ' . 60.7 ....
Jacksonville, 111.... 175.301 IS. 4 ....
Chattanooga S96.S31 .... ....
Rockford. Ill 415.S33 44.6
Canton. 0 4S4.O0O 63.6 ....
Springfield. O S55.RM 30.9
Sioux Falls. S. D... 260.3S9 62.4 ....
Fargo. N. D 287,444 23.7
Woomlngton. 111.... 1S2.7S5 .... 12.5
Premont. Nebr 163.5J6 6.8
Davenport 947,243 14.6 ....
Toledo 2.S74.751 ' 19.0 ....
(Jalvoston S.fiOO.OOO 46.1 ....
Houston 6.8O3.SS7 26.3
Little Rock 427,244 7.8
Helena 679.SS5 .... 83.3
nvnnsvllle 950.677 1.3 ....
¦Whoelinsr 71S.S49 .... ....
Colorado Springs... SSI, 008 .... ....
Macon, Ga R36.OOO .... 3.4
Chester, I>a IS6.711 %...
¦\ViIkesbarre, Pa.... ! 796.843
Totals, U. S J2.415.2IO.SiO 64.1 ....
Totals outside N. Y 7S6.612.6S0 25.0 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $19,723,149 84.8
Toronto . 11.992,654 27.4 ....
Winnipeg 2,038.426 13.6
Halifax 2,096,815 34.0 ....
Hamilton 824,301 4.3
St. John, N. B...;.. 1,019.940 64.3
Vancouver 855,847 .... 18.4
Victoria 738,169 .... ....
Quebec_ 594,916 .... ....
Totals' 1 ..... $39,284,801 25.9 ~
NEW YORK, July 19.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: j i ,
Greater activity has prevailed" this week In
the speculative shar« market, although the
public is dclng littl° and bond "transactions,
apart from the large dealings In some of the
manipulated and popular securities of that de
tcription, are still rather restricted. The suc
cessive unfavorable developments of the past
fortnight would appear to . have discouraged
both speculation and Investment, although In
the later connection It may be said that hold
ers of capital have become ' imbued with' the
Idea that prices for securities might' decline
to an extent which would afford opportunities
for ."bargain-hunting." The actual develop
ments ofHbe week, however, have been very
favorable from the point of the professional
Wall street element.
Rains have made their appearance | at the
West, breaking the drought in Kansas and the
Southwestern sections, where great fears for
the crop have prevailed, and although the yield
of corn this year will fall far . short of that
of last year, the estimate which the street has
generally accepted is, that taking . the large
whe^t yield into consideration the cereal pro
duction of the West will furnish abundant
traffic for the' railroads. : Relieved of the most
favorable Interpretation upon the developments
In the railroad and financial world .In connec
tion with the announcement made ¦ on < Tuesday
evening regarding the future of- the Northern
Pacific Company very heavy covering of shorts
assisted the upward movement of prices : and
the rise was also helped along by vigorous
manipulation from certain large speculative In
terests which appeared to have early informa
tion regarding the pending development. There
was also considerable repurchasing of stocks
by capitalists who had disposed of their hold
ings of the granger and Pacific stocks on the
very unfavfrable crop outlook of a fortnight
ago and the fear that a complete pacification
of the railroad world might not be reached as
speedily as has proved to be the case. -
NEW YORK, July 1».— Bradstreet's ; to-mor
row will say: ' • •'
Heat, drought and strikes have furnished
their quota of disturbing influences this week,
but despite these a fair volume of business goes
forward and nearly all markets have taken the
developments of the week (all of which, by , the
way, have not been unfavorable) calmly . and
even cheerfully. While only scattered rains are
reported from the worst afflicted sections of the
corn belt and much ; more rain is needed If the
damage Is to be repaired, I the rest of the coun
try reports a' fair amount of moisture ¦ and the
South Atlantic,, the Central . Western j and the
Northwestern States return more favorable ad
vices than a week ago, ' both as .regards " the
crop outlook and the business doing. - The great
Eteel strike, closely followed - »y ¦ the tie-up of
hard coal miners by a few mine firemen, has
resulted in the greatest suspension of labor re
ported for some years past, but It Is to be borne
In mind that this season is the natural one for
vacations and nothing like, the maximum num
ber of men reported on strike is thought '.to be
out. - Fair estimates place the number of men
actually striking in the steel trade at less than
60,000. and the number of idle coal miners will
not equal this amount. On the other hand the
machinists' strike has shown signs of disinte
gration and is generally conceded to have been
a failure, i- • .-¦¦:,' .r- ,'¦¦ \,\- ¦-¦¦;,:¦¦,¦ . r ¦; 1 ¦¦¦¦
It- has been a weather market for cereals.
The week was ushered' in by a severe break in
corn, ¦ by. which much .of tha advance on dry
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 66@66%c; No. 2 red,
6734@68%c; No. 2 corn. 52V4@52%c; No. 2 yellow.
52'! / s@52%c; No. 2 oats. 35H@38c; No. 2 white,
37V4c; No. 3 white, SS®37^c: No. 2 rye, 53V4c;
prime timothy seed, $5; mess : pork, - per bbl,
$14 15@14 20; lard,' per 100 lbs, $8 57%®8 60: short
rib sides (loose), $7 97%; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 7%@7%c; shortclear sides (boxed), $8 30
@8 40; whisky, baais of high wines, $1 27; clo
ver, contract grade, ¦ $9 50. V . ,
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..-. 22,000 19,000
Wheat, bushels 371,000 320.000
Corn, bushels ;....2C5,0C0 48,000
Oats, bushels 126,000 143.000
Rye, bushels 6.000 ' r
Barley, bushels 5.000 13,000'-
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was flrm; creameries, 14H®19c: dairies,
13@16V£e. Cheese, 9U@10 J .4. Eggs, steady;
fresh. 12&C.
\ . LIVERPOOL. 1
"Wheat— "k, • .• . . Sept. Dec
Opening 6 7U 6 &U
Closing ........,.....;.... 6 7U 5 8V4
PARIS.
Wheat— . .July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 70 2175.
Closing 20 75 2185
Flour—' '
Opening 126 40 • 27 K
Closing 26 45 27 70..-
NEW. YORBi July 19.— Earl Fruit Company's
bales ' California fruit: Peaches— Imperials,
$1 30@l 45 boxes; Earlv .Crawfords, 60c@Sl 75;
Male's Early, SOc@$l 05; Fosters, $1 40® 1 60; St.
Johns, . $1 05@l 90. Pears— Bartletts, $3®3 05
boxes; $1 65 to $1 65 half boxes. Plums—Brad
shaws, average, - $1 80 single crates; Burbanks,
$1 80@l 95;: Peach, average, $175; Satsuma,
$1 90@>3 25; Eurekaa, $1 70@2 40; Wicksons, $2@
2 60. Prunes— Tragedy, $2 15®2 45.
Porter -Brothers Company's sales: Peaches —
Early Crawfords, 65c@$l 65 boxes; Decker,
$1 75; Foster, $1 10@l 80; St. John, $1 20@l 60
boxes, $145 single crates; Susquehanna, $2.
Pear9*-Bartlett, $2 90@3 10 boxes, • $1 25@1 35
half-boxes. Plums— Wlckson, $1 90@2 45; Kel
sey Japan, $3 35 single crates; Golden Drop,
$2 36; Chalcot, $2 05@3; Satsuma, $1 75; Garlich,
$2 85'; Washington, $180; mixed, $2; Giant,
$195; Purple Duane, $2 05;- Diamond, $2@2 05.
Red Nectarines — 60c@2 10 single crates." Grapes
— Fontalnebleau, $1 65 single crates. . .
CHICAGO, July 19.— Porter \ Brothers Com
pany's sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts,
$2 30@2 50. Peaches— Fosters, $1@1 35; Decker,
$1 15@1 20; Strawberry. $1 05; Early Crawfords,
Jl@l 35. Plums— "Wlckson. $1 9b@2 85 single
crates; Japan, $1 35@1 45; California Red. $1 75;
Ogon, $1 50; Washington, $1 4o@l 65; Bradshaw,
$1 40@l 70; Purple Duane, $1 65; Climax,: $1 45;
Royal Hative, $1@1 25; Abundance, $135; Kel
sey Japan, 50c@Sl 30: Comedy, $1 50; Yellow
Egg, $1 50. -Prunes-^Tragredy 1 , ¦ SI S0@2 05; Ger
man. $1 85@1 90; Silver, $1 50. Nectarines," $1 05.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: * Peaches— Craw
fords, $1 10@l 35; Fosters, average, $1 25. Pears
—Bartletts, $2 40@2 75; Clapp's Favorite, aver
age, $1 10 half-boxes. Plums — Kelsey, average,
$178 single crates: Satsuma, average, $150;
Washington, average, $1 60; Wickson, $1 85®
2 50; Purple Duane, $1 55@1 75. Prunes—Trag
edy, $1 B0@2 50. .
/ Chicago Livestock.
CHICAGO, July 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 5255,
including 1525 Texans. Strong to 10c higher as
a rule. - Good to prime steers. $5 40@6 10; poor
to 1 medium, $4 25® 5 25; stockers and ' feeders,
$2 50«?4 35; cows, $3@4 15; heifers, $2 B0@4 90;
canners, $1 75@2 35; bulls, $2 E0@4 40; calves,
$3 25@6; Texas steers, $3 40@4 60. ¦
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 1G.000: to-mcrrow,
15, COO; left over, 6300. Strong to 60 higher.
Mixed and butchers', $5 7B®6; good to choice
heavy, $5 95@6 12%; rough heavy, . $5 60@5 75;
light, $5 60® 5 S5; bulk of sales, $5 80@5 95.
. SHEEP — Receipts, 5000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 90® 4 50 ;
fair to choice mixed, $3 60@3 90; Western sheep,
$3 50@4; yearlings, $4@4 75; native lambs, $4 25
@5; Western lambs, $3 25@5. • .
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. .JOSEPH. Mo., July 19.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1330. Market 10c higher, natives, $4 50
<R6 15;. cows and heifers, $1 25@5 10; bulls and
stags, $2 35@5; stockers and feeders, $2 35@4 40;
veals, $2@5 75.
HOGS— Receipts.; 10,700. Mostly 5c higher.
Light and light mixed, $5 50@5 75: medium and
heavy. $5 70@6 05: pigs, $3 75©4 75; bulk, $5 60
@5 70. . '
SHEEP— Receipts. 500. Steady to 15c higher.
Lambs, 10@>15c higher: top, $3. .
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 19.— The tin market , Is
very unsettled abroad. Tha local prlca for spot
is 127 75&2S 50, while thera wer« sellers of
October at $25 75, and that represents the prices
at which It can bo Imported from the Straits
or from London. The tin market In London
was £3 lower for spot at £130, but futures
were quoted at £116 5s.
Copper was 10s higher in London, whera spot
closed at £6S 10s and futures at £63 17s 6d.
Tho New York market was dull and nominal,
with upot Lake quoted at $17 and electrolytic
and casting at $16 62V&. Lead was very dull,
but unchanged locally, though London was Is
Id lower at £12 Is 8d. Spelter ruled quiet here,
while London was 2s Sd better, closing at £18
15s. Iron , quiet and unchanged.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 19.— Cotton doaed quiet,
HJ8 points lower.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July IS.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 12,980 bales.
Superior merinos were firm and in strong de
mand. Cape of Good Hope and Natal sold well.
Coarse grades sold well to American buyers.
v< Portland's Business..
PORTLAND, Or.. July 19.— Clearings, $288,
240; balances, $36,(79.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. .
PORTLAND, July 19.-WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 65®C6c.
¦ WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 19.— "WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem, E7c; club, E6c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 19.— Consols', 93; silver,
26 13-16d; French rentes, lOOf- 70c; cargoes on
passage,, quiet and steady; cargoes. No. 1
standard California, 29s 3d; Walla Walla, 2Ss
8d: English country markets, firmer.
LIVERPOOL, July 19.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, Be 9\b&@5s lOd; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; weather
in England, sultry.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-32d.
... CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, July 19.— WHEAT— Spot,
steady; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s 5d; No.
2 Northern spring, 6s 7&d; No. 1 California, 5s
9%d? futures, quiet; September, 6s.7%d; Decem
ber. Bs 8V4d. •• -"¦ .
CORN — Spot, quiet; American mixed, 43 l'.4d;
American mixed, old, 4s 5d ; futures, quiet ;
July, nominal; September, 4s 3d; October, 4s
4%d. y
Exchange and Bullion. ¦¦¦¦ .
Sterling Exchange.' 60 days — $4 85^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88^
Sterling Cables ..¦ '— 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight.. — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12^4
Silver, per ouncs — ; 68^4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47b
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT — The foreign markets were ' generally
firm, with higher. Liverpool futures.
The opening advance at Chicago was met, by
free selling from the Northwest, causing" a
quick reaction. . Coarse grains were • strong.
The recent : rains are considered insufficient
and cables are. bullish' on Russlan-Danubian
crops. The* "Continent .bought "freely at St.
Louis,"' exporters did likewise at Kansas City
and .Wall street purchased > liberally .In New-
York. The weather in the Northwest contin
ued very. hot. Cables from' the Argentine re
ported that, crop in good . condition, with very
cold and frosty weather. • Shipments from the
Argentine for ¦ the week were 704.000 i bushels,
against' 1,736,000 for the same week last year
Thus it will.be seen that conditions generally,
favored; a firm market. .. -
The San Francisco market ruled flrm, with a
fractional advance in both shipping Wheat and
Spot "Wheat— Shipping, 96%@97%c; ; milling,
$1@1 02% per ctl.; . ¦ . ¦ : -\ .,-, -
CALL .'BOARD SALES.' .
- Informal ' Session— 9:15 ' o'clock — December" —
18.000 ctls, $1 02; 2000,: $101%. ,-. . ¦.{;
Second Session— No sales. •
•Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls
$1 02%; 12.000.- $1 02. ¦ ' .. •¦•'.'•
. Afternoon Session— No sales. /
I BARLEY— Steady and not materially changed.
<Feed. 73Sic for choice bright. 7iy.©72^4o tar
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10V*c per lb;
choice, 9Hc; standard. S\c: prime. Sc; on
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes,
SJ4c: 4-crown, 7c: 3-crown. 6Hc: 2-crown, 6c:
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 514c, and
4-crown, 5>4c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5^ic: Lon
don Layers. 2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown.
$1 60: Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping Dolnt* in California,
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12©12Uc:
No. 2. 8®8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10tfc; No. 2.
«%©7%c; Almonds. 13(jM4c for paper-shell. 10©
lie for softshell and 6®6c for hardshell : Pea
nuts, 6©7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 123124c;
Filberts, 12©12%c; Pecans, 11013c; Cocoanuts.
$3 6CO5.
HONET-Comb. 10®llc for bright and 9S94O
for light amber: water white extracted. &S5Hci
light amber extracted, 4©4'4c; dark, 3V4c
BEESWAX— 25®2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
The market is very flrm, with light stoeta,
and local dealers are anticipating another ad
vance within a few days.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
13%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14Hc for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@Hc; California Hams.
13c; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50r
Family, $13 50: prime Mess Pork. $15; extra
dear. 123; Mess. . $19; Smoked Beef. 13%8X4a
per lb. .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7Hc per lb for
compound and 10Hc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
l(W4e: 10-lb tins. ll%c: 5-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. »%c; thre»
half-barrels. 9«Jc: one tierce. 9Hc: two tierces,
9c; five tle.rces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under . this head remain as
previously quoted.
HIDES AND'SKINS-Culls and brands, sell
about H4c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%® Uc: medium, 9@10c; light. 8H@3c:
Cow Hides. 8^©9%c for heavy and 8U®9c for
light; Stags, 6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c: Salted Veal.
9^@10c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16Hc;
Culls. 14cJ Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 17®lSc;
Culls and Brands. 14915c: Sheepskins, shear
llng-8. 15@30c each; short Wool. 30@50c each;
medium, 60@75c: long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. |2 50@2 75 for large and $2®2 23
for medium. $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large $1 50
for medium: %1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskin*— Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime* Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4*4e per lb; choice.
Sc: No. 2, 3»4@«c; Krease, 2H@3c. ¦
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 14®15%c: do. Lambs*, lie per lb;
Northern, free. 12013c; defective. 9®llc; Mid*
die County, free. 10@llc: do. defective. 8@10c:
Southern, 13 months, 8® 9c; Southern, free. 1
months, 7©10c; do. defective. 7 months; 73Sc:
Oregon Valley, flue, 14015c: do, medium and
coarse, U©13c;. Oregon. Eastern, choice. ll©13c;
do. fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada. 10©U%&
HOPS— 15©20c per lb.
Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs continue flrm and sales ar» being mada
at full figures. Tha other descriptions ar«
about as before.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are aa follows:
I BEEF— temo for Steers and SffSo p«r lb for
cows.
VEAL- Larse. 7©Sc; •mall. 8©9o p«r 1*.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©8c; Ewes, 7©7Ho p«»
pound.
LAMB— Sprtnr. 8H©9o per pound.
PORK— lir* Hoes. 200 lbs and under. «*»9
•He: over MO lbs. Co; feeders. : aows. to per
cent off. boars 80 per cent oft and stags 40 p<r
cent off from the above quotations; dreastd
Ho»s. 7H©9Hc
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS-C&Icutta Grain Baf*. SH63U0I
local make. He less than Calcutta*: Wool Bags,
«:S3oc; Fleece Twine. THQSc; Fruit Bags, S\t»
6c for cotton and SHOS^o for jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant, $3 SO; Cocs Bay,
$5 60; Wallsend. $9; Co-ocerattve Wallsend. 19;
Cumberland. $12 60 In bulk and $13 75 In sack*:
Pennsylvania Anthracite I», $14; CanneU $10
per ton: Coke. )15 per ton in bulk and S17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,' $3 45 per
2000 lbs and $3 SO per ton, according to brand.
Harrison's circular eaysi "During the week
there have been two coal arrivals from Brit
ish Columbia. 4950 tons: two from Washington.
4937 tons; two from Oregon. 400 tons; two from
Australia. 4227 tons; total. 14,614 tons. The ar
rivals this week foot up not much above half
of our actual' weekly consumption. The short
deliveries have in no way affected tha market
price. Although, we have no- overplus.' still wa
are In close proximity to our sources of supply,
the coast collieries affording us our fuel needs'
beln? within four days" delivery to oaf
market. The quantity of domestic fuel con
sumed at- this season of the year Is extremely
light, and will remain so for fully four months
to come. Freight rates on coal from foreign
sources are declining. Last cable rate* named
from Australia are 12s to 12a 6d, and from
Swansea the last rates are quoted at Us «d to
12s. These rates afford Importers an. oppor
tunity to ship coals In moderate Quantities
to this market at covering rates, hence several
cargoes of Swansea and Australian coals havs
found buyers within the past ten days. It Is
pretty well assured that these low rates cannot
long prevail, hence prudence . dictates to con
sumers the advantage or purchasing freely
OH continues to be freely delivered without any
marked change In price. Those who have
changed their machinery adapting themselves
to the use of oil seem to be well pleased with
the substitution, as It shows a monthly sav
ing in their expense account."
OILS— California Castor OIL In cases. No. L
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil. in' barrels, boiled.
94c; raw, 92c; cases. 6c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases, 85c: China
Nut. B3@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot OH.
barrels, «5c; cases. 70c: Sperm, pure, 65c; Whals
Oil natural white, 37%@42^c per gallon; Fish
Oil, In barrels. 35c; caves, 40c.
COAL OH-— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
«%c: Peart OU. in cases. ISHc; Astral. 18Hc:
Star. lS^c: Extra Star. 22%c: Elaine 23Hc
Eocene, 20 J 4c: deodorized stove Gasoline, In
bulk, 15c; in cases. 2lc; Benzine, in bulk. I4c;
In cases,. 20c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c:
In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE- 58c per gallon In cases and
52c In drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 5.75c; Powdered. 5.?5c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.35c; Dry Granulated. 5.23c; Confection
ers' A. 5.25c; Dry Granulated. 5.25c: ¦ Beet
Granulated, 6.15c; Magnolia A, 4.85c; Extra C,
4.75c; Golden C. 4.65c: barrel*. 10c more: half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its eaulvalent. Dominos. half-bar
rels, fie; boxes. 6.25c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOB FRID'V-. JTJX.T 19.
Flour, qr at....' 7,73 Iran, sks .....;. iKiii
Wheat, ctls .... 3.09 TMdllngs. ska... 853
Barley, ctls. 10.45 Tay, tons 742
Oats, ctls 4.97' Vool. bales : 4
Corn, ctls 120 "Vita, bdls ...... 24*
Rye. ctls 60" Hides. No 8T->
Bugar. ctls 3.367 Wine, gals 53,000
Tallow, ctls .... 276 Leather, .rolls ,~. 1W
Beans, sks 120 Lime, bbls ' jrj
Shorts, sks 5" O'Ucksllver. .fiks. 12"?
Potatoes, sks 5.923 Chicory, bis .... ' '¦ t
Onions, sks 933
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 9.9111
Business was again active on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. Gas and Elec
tric sold lower at 145 25<@43 75 and Pacific Gas
at $43 50. The sugar stocks were not particu
larly active. The oil stocks continued quiet.
In the afternoon business was rather quiet,
with an advance in Paauhau to $34.
The . following dividends will be paid to-day:
California Fruit Canners' Association. C0o per
dhare; California Powder Works, $1 per share;
Hutchinson PFantatlon Company. 20c per share;
Spring Valley "Water Company, 42c per shara.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. .
Silver a fraction off. No further change in Exchange.
Wheat a fraction higher.' Barley steady.
Oafs and Com firm, and the latter higher again.
Hay weak under liberal supplies.
Pink Beans now in good demand for shipment. j|l|||p
Seeds show a fnv slight changes. .
Remarkable shipping demand for Potatoes continues. ,
Onions firm. Vegetables plentiful and featureless.
Butter slightly higher. Cheese very firm. Eggs unchanged.
Poultry continues in liberal supply.
Lively shipping demand for Plums, Oranges and Lemons. ..*
Nothing new in Dried Fruit. .
Another advance in Hams and Bacon anticipated.
Wool, Hides and Hops as. be fore.
Hogs firm and selling at top quotations. . > . , '
Coal in light receipt and steady.
Trading fair oh the local stock exchanges.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
No. 1 and 67%@70c tor' off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 75@S2%c: Chevalier, nominal.
¦ - .-',-. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal ¦ Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls.
70%c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Conditions in the East remain un
changed. This market is now • quoted fairly
active on local consumptive account at steady
prices. ¦ . ' *
AVhlte. $1 35<S1 43; Surprise, $1 50@l S3; Red.
95c«t$l 15; Black, nominal.
CORN— Conditions in the Corn belt continue
highly unfavorable, as the recent rains were
too light and scattering to amount to much.
The Chicago market advanced from 51"ic to
5Jc and the dem'and was excellent and improv
ing. The Southwestern ; elevator people were
buying and Des Moincs wired: "Two or three
days more like to-day and the prospects for
half a crop in Iowa will be greatly lessened."
This market sympathized with Chicago and
advanced f 1 per ton. • -
Small round Yellow. $1 SO: Eastern Yellow,
»1 47H: White, n 52H: Mixed. $14*. per ctl.
RYE— 72Vi®77%c per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.
Flour hid Millstuffs.
. t f
FLOUR— California Family extras. S3 13©
3 SO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 logs :s;
Oregon. 12 6O©2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 "5@3 for bakers' : Washington bakers'. $3 TS
©3.
MILLSTUFFS-Frices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. S3 76: Rye
Meal. $2 R0; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do, S3 75; Oat Groats. $4 73; Hominy,
S3 75® 4; Buckwheat Flour. $4®* 25; Cracked
Wheat. S3 B0; Farina, %\ 60; Whole Wheat
Flour. S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). S6 S3@7 85:
in sacks, $6®7 60; Pearl Barley. *5; Split Peas,
S5; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues weak under heavy supplies,
though prices show no further decline. There
is no further change in Feedstuffs. •
BRAN— S17 60®18 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J19 50®21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. S16017 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. S2&26; Jobbing,
$26 CO; Cocoanut Cake. $17013: Corn Meal,
S2S 50@29 60; Cracked Corn, $29@30; Mixed Feed,
$17@18. • ¦ • ¦ .
¦ HAT — New is quotable as follows: Wheat,
$7@9 60; choice, $10; Wheat and Oat. $8 50®9 60;
Oat, $6@8 60; Barley and Oat, $6@S: Alfalfa,
57(39: Clover. So 60® 7: Volunteer, $4 50®5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
¦ Pink- Beans have suddenly met with a brisk
shipping demand and some thousands of sacks
are reported sold for this account. One sale of
2500 sacks at $1 50 Is reported and prices are
higher, as will be seen, j The other descriptions
remain as before.
Seeds show some changes.
BEANS— Bayos, ¦ S2 25@2 50; Small White.
$4 75@4 90; Large White. $3 50@3 85; Pink, SI 45
0160; Red, $303 25; Blackeye, $3; Limas, $8 15
@6 35; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75®3; Canary, 3%@
3%c/for Eastern; Alfalfa,: nominal; Rape, 1%@
2%c: Hemp, 3%c per 1b.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60 per ctl. '
Potatoes, Onions and 'Vegetables.
Prices for Potatoes continue- steady under the
remarkable shipping demand already men
tioned. Onions are also strong.
of Vegetables are free and the mar
ket continues weak. - •
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $1@1 25 In sacks
and Si 10@l 60 in boxes for Burbanks. $1@1 15
for Garnet Chiles and Sl@l 15 for Early Rose;
Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@i 60.
ONIONS— New Red, 30@60o per sack; New
Yellow, 90c(g$l.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. $1 75@2 25 for
large. $1 25@1 50 per box for No. 1. and SQc&tl
for No. 2; Green Peas. 50c@$l 23 per nack;
String Beans. l@2Hc: Llmas, : Cabbage.
35@.40c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Winters, 25@
40c; Rivers, in large boxea, 75c@$l 25; Dried
Peppers, 12@18c; Green Okra, 15c; Carrots, 25@
35c per sack; -.Winters Cucumbers. 35c; Bay.
40@75c; Garlic. 2@3c; Green Peppers. 75e@$l 2S
per box for Chile and $1@1 SO for Bell: Egg
Plant, 75c@$l per box; Green Corn, 40c®$l per
sack;' Alameda, $1@1 50 per crate; Berkeley,
65@S5c: Summer Squash, large boxes, 20@25c;
New Marrowfat Squash. $40 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Dealers continue to quote a dull and weak
market, though supplies are not excessive as
a rule.
One car, Eastern came In, making three for
the week.
-POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8©9c for GobbUrs
and StfOc for Hens; Geese, per pair, 1191 25;
Goslings, *$1®1 25; Ducks, $2 50<83 for 'old and
$3@4 for youngr; Hens, ?4®5; young: Roosters,
S5©5 50; old Roosters.. $3 50©4; Fryers. $4©4 80:
Broilers. $2 50<gvt SO for large and $1 S0©2 2S for
small: Pigeons, $1 EOfitt 75 per dozen (or old and
$1 COfi'i 75 for Squabs.
. GAME-Hare. *Uil SO: Rabbits. llffl SO for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter ruin firm with reduced stocks, and
prices are a shade higher again in the open
market.
.Cheese is very firm, as the producers are
holding back their supplies and spot stocks
ar« now light. Prices, however, aw no higher.
Eggs stand as previously quoted. The de
mand, though not brisk, is sufficient to keep
stocks from accumulating.
Receipts wer« 79,600 pounds and S3 tubs of
Butter, 860 cases of Eggs, — cases Eastern
Eggs, 9030 pounds of California Cheese, 1J.1S0
pounds Oregon Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese. '.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 21@21Ho per Ib for
fancy and lDS-Oo for seconds; dairy, 14019c
per lb.
CHEESE— New, 9©10c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 10@llo per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 17jf 20c for good * to fancy;
store, 13315c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extra, 20c; firsts. 19c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts, 17c; seconds, 15c;
store, 12@14c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 9c; choice, i\ie;
common, nominal; Young Americas. 10c; East
ern, full cream. 13@15c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 19c; mixed
colors, 17c per dozen.
California Gathered — Selected, 18c; standard.
13c; seconds. .
Eastern — Standard, 16c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was a lively shipping: demand yester
day, and the market was firm in consequence.
Plums were in eager request and shippers could
not get enough of them. Peaches and Pears
shared in the demand, and even Oranges and
Lemons were wanted for Nome and ; other
northern points. The two latter descriptions
are higher under this demand. Apricots alone
were weak and dull.
The few Currants coming in are bringing
higher prices. Melons are also celling -well.
There is no particular change In Berries. Figs
continue scarce and high. Nectarines are dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 85c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35(375c for ordinary.
APRICOTS— 25<S40c per box, 40@60c per crate;
in bulk, J15@17 50 per ton for small and $:o@
22 50 for larse.
CRABAPPLES— 35@40c per small and 75c@$l
per large box.
PLUMS— 30@65c per box and 20@50c per bas
ket: Prunes. 40@75c per crate and 40© 63c per
basket: Green Gages, $15@17 50 per ton.
PEACHES— 23<ffo0c per box and 25@40c per
basket for common and 25@40c per box and 35@
60c per basket for Crawfords and $20<322 50 per
ton for Frees and $25(335 for Clings In the
country. Sawyer's Seedlings, per basket
on the wharf.
NECTARINES— White, 35<g60c per box; Red,
60@60c.
' PEARS — Dearborn Seedlings, 50<560c per box
and EOc per basket; Bartletts, $l«ai 25 per box
for No. 1. 50@75c for No. 2 and J20©40 per ton
in the country.
- STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per, chest for Long
worths and ?3 25(34 50 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES-^$3©5-per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— J5@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4®5 per chest.
CURRANTS— $5^8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
FIGS— Black. 75c@$l 25 per box for single and
$2 for double layers; White, nominal.
MELONS— Nutmegs. TociSSJl per box and $1 60
@1 75 per crate; Cantaloupes, $1 £0 per half
crate and $2@4 per large crate; Watermelons,
from Fresno. $1@3 per dozen. ,/ 1: - .
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona
7iC@$l per crate: Fontalnebleau and Black
from Vacavllle. 85c@$l per box.
V CITRUS FRUITS-Mediterranenn Sweets
Valenctas and St. Michaels, $2@3; Lemons.'
$1 50®2 for common and *2 5O@3 50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. 60c©U BO; Mexican Limes
$7 50@S; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch: Plneanl
pies, ?1 5O@3 per dozen. "**
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
¦ The situation is unchanged. New fruits are
quiet, though some sales are being made right
along. • •
FRUITS— Apricots. 8@9c for new; Evaporated
Applea ' 4@6c ; sun dried. ltt©Z%c : new evano
rated Apples, 5@6c; Peaches, 3%@4c for stand
ard. 4%@5%c for choice and 6@SHc for fancy :
New Peaches, 6cf°r j U ] y and 5c for *«cy
livery: Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 8@4c; unnli
ted,.%@lttc; Nectarines, 4@4&c for red and
4@5c for- white. • ¦¦ ; ¦ . aaa
- PRUNES-4 sizes : 40-50s. g^ c ; - 60-6Cs 4U e •
eO-TOs, 3%c; 70-80S. 3^c; 80-90s. Z&c; 90-lOOs. 214c;
- RAISINS-^The Raisin Growers' Association
THE SAN FEA^CISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1901.
10
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Brddstreet 's Financial Review.
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
Chicago Grain ' Market.
Nkv York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
' ~C 2 2 O m
e *3b 4r =~
STATIONS. 3 «| S I <= go
3 [ S : 3 I 3 ?
AFtoria 30.16 «8 61 NTV Pt Cldy
Baker 29.S4 78 52 N Clear
Carson .29.S4 S8 60 W Clear
Eureka 30.00 CO EJ N T W Clear
Fresno 29.70 104 66 NW Clear
napstaff 29.S6 SO 50 SW Cloudy
Pacatello. Id 29.68 M M W Clear
Independence ....29.60 S5 72 BE Clear
Uk Angeles CS.T6 S6 €0 W Clear
Phoenix 29.58 106 84 N Pt CJdy
Portland 30.08 106 IA NW Clear
Red Bluff £3.7* 100 70 E Clear
Rosebur? '...29.98 80 56 XE Clear
Sacramento !9.i4 98 60 NE Clear
Salt Lake 29.70 100 6G SW Clear
Ran Francisco.... 29.M 68 50 SW Clear
San Luis Obispo. 29.90 S8 E2 S Clear
(=an Dlero..--. 2».*0 70 62 W Clear
Seattle S0.18 66 60 W Cloudy
Spokane 23.96 S4 B6 SW Oear
Keah Bay 30.18 62 80 SW Clear
Walla Walla 29.96 ?2 68 SW Clear
TVinnemucca ....29.76 95 48 BE Clear
i'uma - 29.60 108 84 W Clear
1
S3
i
o~
o
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
.06
0
0
0
STA.TI0X8.
3g Sg HZ
nun
I!
•3
if
-ioIIlFter 80 48 ....
v>ntura 7J tS ....
sapa HI « S
tea Jom S2 F* n
¦»»lermo 105 67 S
<«nfonl 104 «T N
.. Clear
.. Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
0
o
0
0
0
0
' ~C 2 2 O m
e *3b 4r =~
STATIONS. 3 «| S I <= go
3 [ S : 3 I 3 ?
AFtoria 30.16 «8 61 NTV Pt Cldy
Baker 29.S4 78 52 N Clear
Carson .29.S4 S8 60 W Clear
Eureka 30.00 CO EJ N T W Clear
Fresno 29.70 104 66 NW Clear
napstaff 29.S6 SO 50 SW Cloudy
Pacatello. Id 29.68 M M W Clear
Independence ....29.60 S5 72 BE Clear
Uk Angeles CS.T6 S6 €0 W Clear
Phoenix 29.58 106 84 N Pt CJdy
Portland 30.08 106 IA NW Clear
Red Bluff £3.7* 100 70 E Clear
Rosebur? '...29.98 80 56 XE Clear
Sacramento !9.i4 98 60 NE Clear
Salt Lake 29.70 100 6G SW Clear
Ran Francisco.... 29.M 68 50 SW Clear
San Luis Obispo. 29.90 S8 E2 S Clear
(=an Dlero..--. 2».*0 70 62 W Clear
Seattle S0.18 66 60 W Cloudy
Spokane 23.96 S4 B6 SW Oear
Keah Bay 30.18 62 80 SW Clear
Walla Walla 29.96 ?2 68 SW Clear
TVinnemucca ....29.76 95 48 BE Clear
i'uma - 29.60 108 84 W Clear
1
S3
i
o~
o
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
.06
0
0
0
STA.TI0X8.
3g Sg HZ
nun
I!
•3
if
-ioIIlFter 80 48 ....
v>ntura 7J tS ....
sapa HI « S
tea Jom S2 F* n
¦»»lermo 105 67 S
<«nfonl 104 «T N
.. Clear
.. Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
0
o
0
0
0
0
AUCTION SALES
£j» ANOTHER BIG £»
AUCTION SALE
Of Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
. LERY HORSES.
' Consisting of
100 MARES AND GELDINGS.
Broken single and double, and weighing from
1C00 to 1350 pounds, and are. from 4. to 10 year*
old. Many handsome single drivers, well
matched teams and saddle horses. All wn
solid ln color and have passed the veterina-
rian's inspection. They are suitable for livery-
men, stage owners, teamsters, expressmen, etc.
No reserve. Terma rash.
; •'•; : "•"*'• Sale Takes Place
TUESDAY, July 2£, 1901,
From 10 a. m. Sharp to J:30 p.. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
WM. O. LATNO. Auctioneer.-
¦ Horses at Salesyard July 20th.Hen From the Mikado's "Rp^m to
Start Business in the Col
lege Town.
BERKELEY. July 19.— The old Hofburg
Brewery, on San Pablo avenue, in West
Berkeley, which has been closed for sev
eral years, has been leased by a Japanese
firm for the purpose of manufacturing
Japanese liquors. The duty on liquors
from Japan is so high as to be practi
cally prohibitive and the new company in
tends manufacturing native drinks for the
consumption of Japanese in this country
and HawaiL It will be the first manufac
tory of its kind in the United States.
The lease was made in the name of Tin
Slno and Is for ten years at a monthly
rental of $150. Machinery is being in
stalled and the building remodeled. It Is
proposed to employ about 100 men when
the place is In running order.
wnx MAimPAcnrBE
JAPAOTSSE DBUJXS
East Oakland, John B. House secured his
freedom at the hands of Poliee Judge
Smith to-day. He was accused of batter
ing his wife •with an Indian club.
**Tou eee, your Honor," explained Mrs.
House, "the fruit is ripe on the place, and
if House isn't there it will rot before the
crop can be picked. I need him at home."
"But j-our husband's case is set for next
Tuesday," replied Judge Smith, "and he
must stay in jail unless bail is furnished."
"How much Is the bail?" queried the
anxious wife.
"Thirty dollars," responded his Honor.
"Can't you make it $25?"
"I might." was the reply.
"All right I'll pay it." declared the de
termined epouse, as she ransacked her
pocketbook.
Taking a receipt for her gold, Mrs.
House walked out of court, with House
trailing behind her. ¦ .
"He must pick that fruit before it rots.
Then I'll sue him for a divorce," were
her parting words.
TREES HER HTTSRA2JD
TO MAKE HTTff "WOBK
Wflrtha House Explains "Why Sho
Bails Out Spouse Who Had
Beaten Her.
OAKLAND, July 19.— Because Mrs. Mar
tha House required her husband's services
to gathrr a frvit crop on their place In
Mrs. John D. Spreckels, accompanied by
her daughter, Miss Lillian Spreckels, ar
rived In the city yesterday from Lake
Tahoe, where they spent several ¦weeks.
Judge J. "W. McKinley, a member of the
Republican State Central Committee, ar
rived from Los Angeles yesterday. He Is
at the Palace.
"W. H. Hansen of Redwood City arrived
in the city yesterday after an extended
tour through the northern part of .the
State. He is at the Palace.
Lieutenant R. F. Gardner of the United
States navy is down from Vallejo. He Is
accompanied by bis wife. They are at
the Grand.
Isaac Miner, a lumber merchant of Ar
cata, Huznboldt County, is in this city on
business. He is staying at tbe Lick.
G. A. Bottsford, an extensive fruit rais
er of Vlsalia. registered at the Lick yes
terday.
j c. Mttir, the -well-known railroad con
tractor of UMah, is in the city. He is at
the lick.
Silas Holman, a prominent resident of
Los Angeles, is at the Occidental. He is
accompanied by his wife.
Dr. J. H- "Wilson, a witness In the Bot
fcih case, arrived from Dover, DeL, yes
terday and is at the Palace.
Alexander Brown of the State Board of
Equalization is a gnest at the Lick.
Mayor M. P. Snyder of Los Angeles is
in the city.
J. W. Kasbury, a banker of Roseville,
Is a guest at the Grand.
F. W. Stansfeld, a prominent attorney
of Santa Cruz, is at tne California.
Personal Hention.
cation of Diseases.
Former Mayor L. R- EHert Is hopelessly
111 at Ms home, 1915 Webster street He
is now in a comatose condition and his
life may end at any moment
A-f ter a consultation -with r>rs. MacMon
egle. W. R. Cluness Sr., Hlrschf elder and
E It. Perrault Dr. Julian Perrault, the
attending physician, announced yesterday
afternoon that Mr. Ellert's malady was
bevond treatment; that death was ex
pected at any tlrae, and that in any event
the patient could survive but a few days.
Bright's disease of the kidneys, liver
trouble' and an affection of the heart,
from -rrhich Mr. Ellert has suffered for
many years, aggravated by excessive bi
cycle riding, have carried him to a point
where there is nothing left for the physi
cians to do but to make him as comforta
ble as possible until the end comes.
FOBMEB MAYOR ELLEET
IS DYIUG AT HIS HOME
Prominent Physicians Say That He
"Will Not Survive Complica-
street, was the victim of two. footpads at
the corner of Clay and Montgomery
streets shortly after 2 o'clock this morn
ing. The crime was a most daring one.
as It vras committed almost in the very
presence of Police Omcer John Herllhy,
who eaw the assault, but was unable to
prevent it.
Loughran has a place of business lit the
immediate vicinity and was on his way
to open up. Suddenly from a doorway
two men sprung out One felled him with
a blow from a club, while the other pro
ceeded to gr> ttrrough his pockets. Officer
Herllhy suddenly appeared upon the scene
and the men started to run. Herlihy Im
mediately rave chase.
The robbers ran down Clay street to
Battery and turned north on that street.
Herlihy flred several shots at them, out
they ran all the faster. A number of
other officers, attracted by the shooting,
Joined In the chase, but were unable to
overtake the footpads. "When the corner
of Pacific and Battery streets was
reached the robbers turned the corner and
succeeded in making good their escape.
A search \r»s kept up for them, and it
•was hoped that daylikht would reveal
their hiding place.
¦ Loughran was unable to give a descrip
tion of his assailants, as the place where
the robbery occurred is very dark. At po
lice headquarters Lougrhran said he had
lost $20, but that the robbers overlooked
$40 that he had in a purse in another
pocket He was badly dazed by the blow.
The instrument -with which he was as
saulted vras not found by the police. j
An Exciting Chase After
Two Desperate High
waymen.
— >
T. P. Laughran, a Commis
sion Merchant, Robbed
io Sight of Officers.
•
Thomas F. Loughran. a commission
merchant, residing at 2106 Devisadero
POLICEMEN USE
THEIR PISTOLS
Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Dallam are in New
York and expect to return about August 7.
Mrs. Agnes Hammond, wife of Dr.
Charles L. Hammond( surgeon of the De
la Mar mine in Shasta County, is visiting
her sister, Mrs. R. W. Pllcher, in East
Oakland.
George W. Reed, accompanied by his
daughter, Miss Mabel Reed, left this
morning for Chicago. They will visit the
exposition at Buffalo during their ab
sence. Miss Reed will not return with
her father, but will remain with friends
in Chicago until the latter, part of Sep
tember.
Miss Ethel Tates has returned from a
short sojourn in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains. The marriage of Miss Yates and
Richard Bahls will take place in August
instead of September, the 15th having
been selected as the date.
Another engagement of much social in
terest Is announced, that of Miss Eva
May Reed of this city and Harry Dale
Danforth, a promising young attorney of
San Francisco. The bride-elect is the
youngest daughter of Charles G. Reed,
with the Union National Bank, and Is a
Bister of Mrs. Olive Reed Cushman, the
well-known contralto. Mr. Danforth Is a
graduate of the University of California
and also of Hastings Law College. •*
The wedding will take place, about the
last of August at the home of the bride's
father, 1257 Filbert street.
a handsome edition of "When Hearts
Were Trumps." The candelabra were
shaded in pink and ribbon pierced pink
hearts of various sizes fluttered canopy
like overhead. Daylight was excluded
and the pretty apartments illuminated
with electricity. Following the luncheon
several games of five-handed eudhre were
played, the first prize being won by Miss
Crissie Taft and the second by Miss Nich
olson. Mrs. Hampton's guests were: Miss
Ethel Gage, Miss Elizabeth Gage, Miss
Pauline Lohse, Mrs. William G. Cooke,
Mrs. James Tyson, Mrs. Roy Mauvais,
Mrs. Louise Allender, Mrs. George de Go
lia, Mrs. Henry • Rosenfeld, Mrs. Albert
Long, Mrs. Edward Ames. Mrs. ¦Wick
ham Havens, Mrs. George Hammer, Mrs.
Charles Parcells, Miss Gage, Miss Nich
olson, Miss Belle Nicholson, Miss Nita.
Lohse, Miss Crissie Taft, Miss Grace
Cooke and Miss Maud Edith Pope.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A J Broshtlch. Auburn;
A Hallen Jr & w, Cal
J W Tlssell. N T
Dr R B Chapman & w,
Los Angeles
Li J» Conner, Chicago
R F Brewer, Chicago
H Warren. Ohio
S C Warner, Denver
A C Smither & w, Cal
H A Held, Hamburg
J H Mertens, Minn
C" W Provost. Pittsbrg
Mrs M O Dimmlck, NY
Miss M Ketchen, N Y
Miss D C Israel. N Y
Miss K Simmons. N Y
Dr A J Gresy & w. Cal
E li Doheny & w, Cal
C F Rine, Tennessee
F C Drew, Cal
J B Hyde. N Y
Miss M R Hyde. N Y
H J Zechlin, Chicago
C A Wilder, Chicago
J Bull, Chicago
Mrs M S Campbell. Cal
Mrs L A Hodge. S Jose '
Dr P B Doyle. PJttsbg ¦
R W Handley, Englnd
S H Babcock, Sit Lake ;
Mrs R Topham. Chgo
Florence M Slayton, .
Chicago i
A M W Forrester, Mo i
A G Baker, N Y
T T Given Jr, Baltimr !
Mrs W B Stubbs. Cal
C F Stubbs, Brlngame '
E E Hartzell. N X
J C Lyon, Baltimore
Elizabeth Carvel, Md
Miss Grace Lyon, Md .
J Carvel. Baltimore
Miss E Mills. N Y
Mrs G B Dickinson,
New York
Mrs O Maney, Ky
Mrs C S Waters, Ky <
Master Waters, Ky
Miss -Roberts, Ky
J B Selander. Chgo
H J Vlnau. Chicago
W D Smith, N T :
H D Moore, El Paso i
F S Maconder. Sonora :
Mrs P Cook. Rio VJsta .
A L Jacobs, Salt Lake i
T J Kirk, Sacto :
J M Wells & w, Texas i
J G Wagner, Cal :
Miss R Graham, Mo
H Levitt & fam, Cal <
C E Locke, Mass :
M C Isaacs, Chicago :
F C Lathrop. La <
W G Drum, San Mateo '
G Lufkln, St Louis
C A Hedden, N Y :
W H Gabe, Chicago
F M Yentzer, Chgo :
E H Butterfleld. Chgo :
Elizabeth Watt, Chgo ;
Edith Wlllson, N Y "
Helen Buzzelle. N Y\j:
B 0 Pender & w, Hon- '
olulu .
T M Washington. N C 1
If H Hamilton, N Y
F I Locklin, N Y ]
Mrs S. P Swindler, '
Salt Lake City
A M Kelley. N Orleans '
Miss E S Vowler. N Y <
R Luce & w, Boston
D S Rosenbaum & w, :
Stockton 1
W 3 George Jr. Ohio ]
M J O^Riley, St Paul '
W A Casper, Loe Ang 3
J W Newman, Ala '
J G Clark, N Y
A E Dutton, N Y
F L Guthrie & w. Miss (
E Barsac, SunnyvUle
•Miss Munhall. Fa
F Munhall. Plttsbur*
Mrs A J Crosfleld.
England
B F Crosfleld. Eniclnd
Miss A E Sollitt. Chgo
Miss J E Davieon, 111
Miss M K Davison, 111
R M Armstrong, Chga
K P Thompson &. w.
Snrinjrfleld. Ohio
J Vt Smith. St Paul
S P Crosby. St Paul
G W Stuart. St Paul
W Hawthorne Jr. Minn
C A Goes. Omaha
W H Alexander & w,
Pennsylvania
S J Smith & w. Mo
Mrs H L Taft. Ohio
Mrs E J Campbell.
Youngstown, Ohio
K Kersten & w. Ga
A E Hughes. Cal
I* V Olsen, Cal"
F S Bullock, Cal
M M Dinkelspiel. Cal
T F Joseph. Seattle
G Muller. Cleveland
L Mansfield, Tenn
G E Church, Kansas
B Welch, Kansas
A Hommel, Mexico
C Hoder & w, N Y
C D Warner & w. Kj»
Ii A Tall, Maryland
Esther de Beavergaard,
Pennsylvania
G C Fry & w. Chgo
B F Brooks, BkraCeldt
J W'Knox, Merced
F Miller, Sacto
J T Rountree, Denvw
H B Holland. Minn
A M Beittler, Phila
D R Walker, Phila
J Maier & w, Los Ann
P Forve & w, Loe Ang
C J Good, Portland
R G Ford. Chicago
J S Hubbs. NY
H G Layton. N Y
S Hall & w, Chicago
Misses Hall. Chicago
G Frazer. Nashville
E C Connor & w. Tex
J M McKinley, Los Aa
C L Borgmeyer. N J
H W Miller. N T
S F Rodgers & w. Or
P G Gow & w, Cal
A C Button, Ohio
C A Blnz, Chicago
H K Wagner, St Louis
L J Streng, Cincinnati
G D Crabb & w. Ohio
T W Ross & w, Ohio
J H Wlson St w, Del
Miss V R Harrington.
Dover, Del
E I> Micho & w, Tenn
Effa G Sweeney. Chgo.
Mrs M T Sweeney, Cbg
W W Buckbee, S Jose
E R Amerlge. Fulton
T Thunn, Pasadena
Verne E Miller, N J
E C Knight. Mass
A B Langr. Fresno
E Kohlberg, El Paso
W H Hansen & w, Ot
W S Stitt, N Y
W W Turner, Texas
C T Hunter. Texas
A Levy, Texas
D McKay. Sacto
F H Cullom & w, N T
F B Houghton, El Paso
W G Palmer, Wash
N Myrlck. St Paul
T Flint Jr & w. Cal
J M Pickands, Ohio
W R Teller, N Y
G A Smith, Denver
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs F A Woodward,
Wilson, N C
Mrs W H Bransen.NC
Miss L Edwardson.NC
Miss M Bobbins. N C
F A Woodward. N C
G Woodward, N C
M D Holden, USA
E H Marrien, Portland
L Hunzeke, Or
E Hynes, Portland .
B C Steiner, Baltimore
Mrs C Hansen, Moore
head
Mrs J Lane. Denver
Miss Dameron, Denver
W H Hammond, Eurka
C Sullivan. Eureka
Mrs E Dunlose & s,
Los Angeles . •
C H Greenfield, Eureka
Mrs F J Fontenrose,
Jackson
Miss Meehan. Jackson
W Bryan. New Haven
F F Berry & w. Or
M F Henderson. Portld I
R F Reeve & w. N WT
C J Fox & w. L Ang .
J C McMillan & w.Nev
Miss L Chapman. Nev
Margaret G .Connor,
Denver .•"'-">-/
Miss K G Campion.
Denver
Miss F Johnson. Denvr
W S George Jr. Ohio
J S Parker. St Louis
C C Douglas. S Cruz
A V Overshlne.Chicago
Dr J A Ewlng, Texas
J F George & w. Minn
jE A Fetters & w. Ohio (
/Anna Fetters, Detroit
Bertha Fetters, Detroit
E Kenney & w, Texas
F L Gutbrie & w. La
T B Neely & w. N Y
Mrs J Todd. Pa
E F Elchenberff. N T
D J Ducey. N T
P PKine, N Y
N Skinner. N Y
Miss J N Kaseburr,
RoseviUe
E Lavendon. Houston
L Levy, Houston
"W A Bender. Eureka
S E Mack, Phlla
"W P String. Pa .
L T Hodson. Portland
Lieut R F Gardner St
w. U S A
A W Colter. Toledo
E W Palmer. Colo
O L Corbin & w, Colo
J N Williamson, Texaa
R W Lodsre. Boston
"W H Rhodes & w.
Salt Lake City
O H Willougbby. Cal
Ella Johnson, III
Ella B Wood. Miss
Pearl Gordon. Miss
Clara Gray. Miss
Estelle Gray, Miss
L Goble. Ill
James Falrchiid. Ill
Mrs T Reed. Chicago
Mrs N Murray. Chic .
H S Montgomery. Kas
R Gross & w, Seattle
H L King. N Y
C R Bancroft. N Y
W B Burt. N Y
C Delphine. Iowa
A Warner, N Y
E B Sanford. NT.
H J Scruton, N Y
R B Gurley. N Y
S K Mitchell. NT. j'i
O H Hanlin, Pa ::'i . .
E E Webster. Vermont
R Wall, w & 3 ch. Vt
M J Di'.lmon. Sacto
C A Hibbard. K City
H S Foreman.. Mexico
E B Burns, Or
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G "W Nazel. Readie Pa
J Guan&w. ReadingPa
M Albright. Penn
J C Berger. Penn
Miss J Larch. Penn
Miss J. Yucorn. Penn
J V R Adams. Penn
J A Verlander, La
"VT D Britt. Clmbs, Ga
W D Smith, Clmbs,Ga
J B Reea Columbs. Ga
A Belbeze. N O. La
M Barber. Chicago
Mrs Deasy, Chicago
John O'Hara, Oakland'
Ii W Tracy, Cincin, O
Mrs E E Hooker. Tenn
E E Hooker Jr. Tenn
L E Andrues. Ohio
C Emdee, Indiana
Geo Huntlnjrton. Minn
Paul C Groth. Texas
P H Lautht. Chicago
C L. Woodruff. Md
T B ¦Woodruff, Md
L Skillman. Denver
"W C Sollengerser & w.
Alliance, Neb
J B Curtis & w. Mich
J R Lock. Denver. CoJ
J P Naylor&faxn, Mo
O Serens, Mass
Miss M McGUvra. la.
E E Patter&w. Mo
Harry Newmarch. w &
fam. Riverside. Cal
J W Duncan, Ind
O H Oulnn, Denver
R J Robson. Ohio •
J F Farrar. N C C
Mrs C Varner. Penn
C E Ranch&w. Penn,
Miss H Klorp. Penn
Miss Valentine. Penn
Harry'E Flory. Penn
Mrs Ida Keller. Penn
F 3 Bryer, Penn
S L Drelbellis&w. Pen,
DrBH Ruth. Texas
Miss J Springer. Kans
Miss M Furr. Miss
Miss C Rush. Texas
S T Linebenrer. X C '
W C Rhyne, >T C
A Goodman, Texas
C A Homan, Fenn
W J Gilbert. Texas
E A Lueke & party.
Cortland
J A RIda, Conn : ¦¦
F Aurand&w, Ohio •
A A Messimore&w. HI
Miss C McGUvra. Iowa
The young woman la Miss Agnea
Adams, who will reach here to-morrow?
from Ohio. She and Howard C. Whita
will be married the next day. Some years
ago Miss Adams and White were stu»
dents together at the Western Reserve
University in Cleveland, Ohio. Prior to
that they knew each other as children
and their families were friends and
neighbors in the town of Noble. Ohio.
White took three years* work at tha
Western Reserve University and a year
ago came here. He graduated last May
from the college of social silences. Mis*
"White graduated from the Cleveland in
stitution in 1898. She has been a teacher
in Ohio schools since then and was one
of the appointees from that State to tho
Philippines. White also had experience
as a teacher In the East prior to his ar
rival here. He received his appointment
to tho Philippines from California. Dur
ing the year that he has lived here ho
has niade many friends.
The wedding Sunday will be very quiet.
It will take place in this city at the hom©
of one of White's friends. The young
man is extremely reticent regarding the
arrangements of the wedding or anything
connected with the romance of his life.
BERKELEY, July 19.— The first ro-.
mance among the 600 teachers who ara
going to the Philippine Islands this month
will reach Its culmination in this city
Sunday next. One young woman on her
way across the continent to Join the little
army of new Invaders will stop here to
be married to a young man, a University
of California graduate and a recent ap«
poictee to the teaching force of the lsl-.
and?.
Will Be Wed Before Sailing
Away for Their New
Field of Duty.
Romantic Story of Two
* Teachers Bound for
Philippines.
OCEAN VOYAGE
AFTER WEDDING
¦Manila's population is found to- be 244,
732. which gives it place next below that
of Newark, N. J., or seventeenth from the
top in tthe list of cities of the United
States. •
! When at home among their constituents
Senator Cockrell of Missouri smokes a
corncob pipe, and Senator Daniel of Vir
ginia sits on a storebox in front of a gro
cery and whittles.
ATLANTA, Ga., July 19.— Colonel B. F.
Sawyer, ' Journalist, | inventor and soldier,
died here to-night at the age of 68 years.
Colonel Sawyer served under Lopez as a
filibuster in the Cuban insurrection, of
fifty years ago and was colonel of the
Twenty-fourth Alabama In the Civil War.
Death of Colonel B. F. Sawyer.
The Society of Old Friends held high
jinks last night in its hall on Third street.
A ; varied programme of music, songs and
literary numbers was presented, and all
had a "jolly good time" until midnight.
Previous to the jinks fifteen candidates
were Initiated. -V •:«• fi-\ 'Xj'-i ,'-v- ¦¦:
Society of Old Friends.
Marlus Bodtker, who, lived at the Enter
prise Hotel on the corner of Sixteenth and
Folsom streets, has" been reported to the
Coroner as missing, since last Thursday.
Marius Bodtker Missing.
A.' G. Davis,- farmer and 1 ' laborer of
Scottsvllle, Mendocino County, filed a pe
tition in Insolvency in the United States
District Court yesterday. He owes $1284 40
and has $150 assets.
An Insolvent Farmer.
OAKLAND, July 19.— The directors of
the Masonic Temple . Association have
elected the following officers: President
John A. Beckwith; vice president, "Wil
liam T. Hamilton; secretary, J. J. War
ner; treasurer,, California Bank. ¦
Masonic Temple Officers.
•Noble grand. S. A. Deckard; .vice grand, G.
M. Eauton; recording secretary,. F. L.. Gove;
ttnancial secretary, James Rye; treasurer, F.
E. Burger: R. S..N. G., Charles Conlan; L. S.
N. G., J. Jj. Barnes; R. S. V. G., John Innes;
L. S. V. G.. A. E. Holt: conductor, W. W.
Neal; warden, C. W. Trabing; R. S. S., Wil
liam Bromstedt: L.. S. S., George Farrell; in
side guardian, K. . A'. Pine; outside guardian.
H. C. Bullock: chaplain. J. A. Angwln. •
OAKLAND. July 19.— The new officers of
Harbor Lodge of Odd Fellows were in
stalled with elaborate ceremonies on
Wednesday evening by District Deputy
Grand Master E. M. Fant, assisted by
several grand officers. There was an elab
orate banquet at the close of the cere
mony. The new officers are:
New Officers Installed.
The house was a famous one, being the
scene of much festivity during the life
time of the late Attorney Goad, when his
three beautiful daughters were budding
Into womanhood. It commands an Impres
sive view of the Golden Gate, the bay and
the surrounding country which can never
be obstructed.
The Goad mansion, or. the northwest
corner of "Washington and Gough streets,
was purchased yesterday by Frederick
Tillmann. The price was not made public
but It Is believed to have been about $70 -
000.
Which Cluster Memories of
. Delightful Hospitality. 1
FREDERICK. TTLXMANN" BUYS
' THE .FAMOUS GOAD MANSION
Pays 97O.OOO for the House About
Honorary chaplain. Rev. M. King; chaplain
Rev. Dr. F. X. Morrison: past president, D.
J. Hallahan: president, George P. R. Clark;
first vice president, M. A. Mclnnis; second vice
president. T. P. Hogan; recording secretary
M. Madden: financial secretary, R. h. Ham
mond; treasurer, J. J. Kennedy; marshal, P.
L. Mclnnis: inside sentinel, H. S. Happ; out
side sentinel. J. J. O" Byrne: executive commit
tee — C. Chisholm, A. D. McKinnon and W.
Harrington; medical examiner. Dr. B.' Stet
son; delegates to the next Grand Council, con
vening In San Francisco in Aueust— Rev. Dr.
F. X. Morrison. W. Harrington; alternates—
W. F.' Duddy and J. J. Kennedy.-
OAKLAND, July 19.— Application has
been made to the Superior Court by the
Young Men's Christian Association,
through its president, D. Edward Collins,
for permission to mortgage its property
at Twelfth and Clay streets for $35,000
The petition shows that the association Is
now paying VA per cent on a $25,000 mort
gage, but that it owes $35,000 and desires
to make a new loan to cover the entire
indebtedness at 6V£ per cent. The current
expenses now absorb all of the Income.
Elects New Officers.
OAKLAND, July 19.— Oakland Council of
the Young Men's Institute has elected the
following new officers:
Asks Permission to Mortgage.
DECLARE FRIARS
STILL WELCOME
\. — * .—
MANILA, July 19.— The Roman Catholic
authorities In Manila say they have no
intention of withdrawing the friars from
the Philippine Islands, and reiterate their
belief that the friars will be welcomed by
the masses of the Filipino people as their
spiritual advisers when the people are
thoroughly assured the friars will no
longer exercise temporal authority.
The clericals bitterly charge the leaders
of tho Federal party, themselves Catho
lics, .with inciting the people against the
clergy. They also say they would be will
ing, to substitute American for Spanish
friars, except for difficulties arising from
the Americans' ignorance of Spanish and
the native dialects. The antagonistic re
ceptions given the friars by the people In
the provinces Is retarding the experiment
of reinstating them.
Catholic Authorities Say
Filipino People Want
Them.
Curtis was also known as Frederick
Curtiss. He was born In England, but
had resided in California many years.
In leaving • you thus suddenly I cannot en
tirely free you from blame. I told you yes
terday I would not come back if unsuccessful
in obtaining employment. Well, I got work
yesterday and was to have started on Mon
day but my reception from you and your son
was not of the kind that would induce me to
continue our past relations. To live again by
myself on a small income I do not care to
do. so will take a long • rest far away from
the sound of the discords that have made life
unbearable. Your son is, in your opinion, a
fine fellow; In mine he is not, and I trust
that now he is all that remains to you here
that he wiii try and be less brutal in his
manner to you and cleaner in his talk, for a
more foul-mouthed blackguard I never heard
than he has shown himself to be in his lan
guage to you. That he ever will make a name
or position for himself I very much doubt.
Certainly he will have to alter considerably
if he does.
And now farewell—a long farewell. We have
had eome happy times together, but of late
Frank and the bottle have caused too much
trouble to- render life bearable. I hope you
will be able to free yourself from both and
find some means of getting a livelihood other
than the one you have done of late years.
Once again, good-by from he who sincerely
loved and admired you.
. THOMAS F. CURTIS. "
Mrs. Wilkens: As I am now on the eve
of my departure for the long Journey from
which there is no return ticket, I desire that
you will not burden yourself with any funeral
expenses over my remains. If there is, and
I suppose there will be, an inquest, it is my
desire that my carcass shall be used for what
ever the medical faculty may desire.
Deputy Coroner Quellen, who took
charge of tho case, found a letter in Cur
tis' coat pocket. The envelope was ad
dressed to Mrs. Curtis, but the letter was
headed Mrs. Wilkens. It is as follows:
Friday Morning.
Because of family jars and the drink
ing habit Thomas J. Curtis, an artist, 63
years old, committed suicide this after
noon at his residence, 863 Lydia street,
by taking poison, the nature of which
cannot be disclosed until an autopsy has
been held.
Curtis, his wife and stepson, Frank
Wllkens, had not lived happily together,
according to a long letter the despondent
artist wrote before he took the fatal
draught.
The stepson said Curtis had been drink-
Ing heavily and he believed his stepfath
er's mind was unbalanced.
The family had lived at Piedmont on
a poultry farm which they sold three
weeks ago. They rented the house in
which the suicide was committed. Cur
tis went in the cellar at 1:30 o'clock this
afternoon, then returned to a room up
stairs and lay down on a couch, where
he died in a few minutes. Dr. S. H. Ker
gan was summoned, but could render no
assistance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, 'July 19.
Thomas J. Curtis Ends
His Troubles With
Poison.
ARTIST WEARIES
OF FAMILY JARS
ALAMEDA, July 19.— Mrs. Ida N. Shaw,
a comely middle-aged woman, committed
suicide this afternoon by swallowing the
contents of a vial of strychnine in the
bathroom of her home at 9 Mastick ter
race. Neither her husband, her mother
nor S. N. Sauber, who lived in the house
in Mastick terrace, can assign any reason
for the deed of self-destruction. ¦
A few moments before she swallowed
the poison Mrs. Shaw was laughing and
chatting with her mother, Mrs. Mary
Lynch, and Sauber, who had been board
ing with the family for four months. She
had been discussing incidents which took
place last night at a dance she attended
with her husband. She had been attend
ing a business college in San Francisco,
purposing to fit herself so that she might
assist her husband.
The conversation -took place at noon.
When luncheon was over Mrs. Shaw went
into the bathroom. A few minutes later
Mrs. Lynch heard a' noise in the room.
She called to her daughter but received
no answer. Realizing that something un
usual had happened she aroused Sauber,
who was dozing on a lounge. They pried
the door open and found Mrs. Shaw writh
ing in agony on the floor.- She uttered a
few inarticulate words ¦ in reply to ques
tions from her mother and then lapsed
Into unconsciousness.
Dr. L. W. Stidham was summoned, but
after several hours' hard work the woman
passed away. Upon examining the room
the physician found a vial labeled strych
nine, the contents of which had been
drained to the last drop.
"It is a great mystery to me," said Mrs.
Shaw's mother to-night. "I haven't the
least explanation to give why she took her
life. Any one would think she was the
happiest woman in the world, judging
from the way the acted. Not one word of
complaint ever crossed her lips. She had
no family troubles. \ Her husband treated
her well, and she was willing to work in
order to help him out."
Mrs. Shaw was a native of Canada and
aged 36 years. * She had been married ten
or twelve years. Her husband is about 55
years old and <s employed as a clerk at
Fourth and Townsend streets by the
Southern Pacific Company. The couple
lived In Alaroeda nearly a year. •• .
Mrs. Ida N. Shaw Com
mits Suicide in Bath
room of Her Home.
DOSE OF POISON
ENDS HER EIFE
Next Sunday will be the first anniver
sary of Miss Hill's initial experience as
an organist. The accompanist of the Pil
grim Congregational choir of East Oakland
was suddenly called away a year ago, and
Miss Hill was asked with a* few hours'
notice to take her place. The success with
which she accomplished her task encour
aged her to begin the serious study of the
, organ, and about eight months ago her
OAKLAND. July 19.— The selection
of Miss Mabel Hill as substitute
for Mrs. Harriette Craft as or
ganist of the First Presbyterian
Church during Mrs. Craft's vaca
tion has caused quite a stir in musical
circles. Miss Hill is only 17 years of age
and has studied the organ less than a
year, but she already has remarkable
control of that instrument, and her play
ing gives evidence of unusual ability.
Musical critics who have been attracted
by the young student's work have given
special praise to what they declare as her
phenomenal control of the instrument.
She has what the musicians declare is a
remarkable control of the organ mechan
ism and has the true touch which marks
the master hand in the rendition of the
classical compositions. Miss Hill is de
cidedly -modest in her attitude toward
public display of her remarkable ability,
and has declined many invitations to give
recitals. She consented only at the earn
est solicitation of her parents and friends
to accept .the poet at the First Presbyte
rian Church, a position which is consid
ered in musical circles as most desirable
from a professional point of view.
Last Wednesday Miss Hill had the priv
ilege of playing- on the great Stanford or
gan in Mechanics' Pavilion, San Francis
co, and at the conclusion of her number
Murray M. Hill, builder of th<? organ, was
warm in his praise of her work.
Miss Hill is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Robert B. Hill of East Oakland and
is a native of this city. After a more ex
tended period of study with Mr. King. Mr.
and Mrs. Hill will take their daughter to
Europe to complete her musical educa
tion. . •
work in that line was begun under the
supervision of Will B. King, organist of
the First Congregational Church. That
her progress has been rapid Is shown in
her recent appointment as Mrs. Craft's
temporary successor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 19.
Alvin A. Coffey, freedman by his own
purchase and California pioneer, was
brought in from the Home for Aged Col
ored People this afternoon by Deputy
Sheriffs Striker and Taylor and charged
with insanity on complaint of the other
inmates of the home. *
Coffey is nearly 80 years of age and his
long life has been crowded with interest
ing experiences. His right to wear the
Pioneer's >adge, which he proudly dis
plays as evidence of good standing in the
order, was earned in 1849, when he crosii>ed
the plains with his master, Dr. William
Basset, on the promise that he would le
allowed to buy his freedom. The 'agree
ment was not fulfilled^ and Coffey was
taken back to St. Louis, where he -was
sold. In 1852 Nelson Tyndal, his master,
allowed him. his wife and five children to
go on Coffey's promise to buy himself for
51000 and his wife and children for $500
each, and in 1854 he crossed the plains a
second time.
In 1856 Coffey was ready to- purchase
himself, and sent for the papers. So great
was his master's confidence in him that
the document was made out and forward
ed. Coffey had it inspected by an attor
ney, as he was unable to read, and then
sent his old master the $1000 in gold.
; Armed with his private emancipation
proclamation the ex-slave felt safe to re
turn for his family. He crossed the plains
again with the requisite amount of gold
for the purchase of his loved ones and
brought his wife and children to the
coast, settling in Shasta County, where
he worked in the mines by day and cob
bled shoes at night, receiving $16 a pair
for half-soling the miners' boots.
For fourteen years Coffey has been a
member of the Society of California Pio
neers, and never misses a meeting. He
attended the banquet and voted at the
annual election of officers two weeks ago.
* Two years ago he went : to live at the
Home for Aged Colored People.
Coffey was born, according to his. pa
pers, in 1822. In 1858 he was instrumental
in securing the passage of a- law in this
State authorizing: the creation of a special
school district for children of negro de
scent in any district where there were ten
such children in need of school facilities.
In this - way ho secured an education for
his children in a strongly prejudiced com
munity.- , - • j ¦¦••¦•
Coffey boasts of the, fact that his word
has always been as good as- his bond in
money matters before and since his liber
ation from slavery. His wife died in 1894
and his family is now scattered. One son,
Alvin, is a San Francisco engineer.
Old Alviu A., Ooffey May
End His Life in an
/Asylum.
The first of the many engagement par
ties which have ¦ been planned for the
next few weeks was given yester
day by Mrs. J. C. Hampton at
her residence on Alice street. The affair
was complimentary to Miss Ethel Gage,
Miss Elizabeth Gage and Miss Pauline
Lohse, three young ladies who are soon
to become brides. The principal feature
was a pink luncheon. Twenty-four* wero
seated at the large round table. A large
heart formed of pink satin ribbons and
ferns designated the places of the three
young guests of honor, the favors being
NEGRO PIONEER
MAY BE INSANE
Mrs. W. W. Wetmore recently chaper
oned a party of young people on a trip
to Corte Madera, Larkspur, Mill Valley
and San Rafael. In the party were Miss
Palmer, Miss May Higgins of Berkeley,
the Misses Higgins of San Francisco and
Miss Vera Moody. :
Earl Rhodes and Frank and Wilbur
Dunn started for the Yosemite "Valley last
Saturday on their bicycles. .They expect
to be gone about ten days.
Mrs. George . Spencer and son have re
turned from Iowa Hill.
John Planalp of Oakland and with the
music firm of Kohler. & Chase left for
Way Springs to-day.
Mrs. Lowell Hardy, who was formerly
Miss Florence Mayhew, is visiting her
mother, Mrs. Mayhew, on Brush street.
The wedding is to take place next
Wednesday, July 24, in the evening, and
will be a very quiet home affair. About
fifty guests only will be present. The
bride will be attended by her sister. Miss
Graco E. Bartlett. Paul Cowles, , super
intendent of the Associated Press at San
Francisco and a lifelong friend of the
groom, will be the best man.
OAKLAND, July 19.— The announce
ment of the engagement and rap
idly approaching wedding day of
Miss Edna L. Bartlett and Car
roll D. Galvin will cause a ripple
of surprise among the many friends of the
young lady. Mr. Galvin is an Eastern min
ing man, so is comparatively a stranger
in Oakland, but the bride-to-be has lived
here all her life, being the daughter of
Pliny. Bartlett, superintendent and one of
the owners of the Contra Costa Laundry
Association.
YOUNG MUSICIAN, OF OAKLAND
WHO HAS SHOWN REMARKA
BLE MUSICAL ABILITY.
| FIRST, Powell street, near Jackson-
Rev. F. JC. Baker, pastor. -Rev. Charles
B. P Mitchell, D. D., Minneapolis.
GRACE, corner of Twenty-first and
Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard, D. X>.,
pastor. Rev. J. M. Buckley, D. D., New
York City.
HOWARD STREET, Howard street,
near Third— Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D...
pastor. Bishop Earl Cranston, LL. D.,
| Portland, Or.; alternate, Dr. Wilson, pas
°JAPANESE, 1329 Pine street— Rev. K.
Obata, pastor. Rev. H. Kawasumi, Nag
oga, Japan.
POTRERO, Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. S. M, Woodward, pastor. Rev.
G. H. Cobbledick, B. D., Bothwell, On
tario. . , ' ¦
RICHMOND, Fourth avenue, near Point
Lobes avenue — Rev. A. E. Ulrich, pastor.
Rev. R. F. Bakes, Atlanta, Ga.
SIMPSON MEMORIAL, Hayes and
Buchanan streets— Rev. John Stephens,
pastor. Rev. George Adams, D. D., New
York.
TRINITY, corner of Sixteenth anr Mar
ket streets— Rev. M. D. Buck, pastor.
Rev. George R. Stuart, Cleveland, Tenn.
Methodist Episcopal South.
CENTENARY — Bush street. near
Gough. Rev. C. L. Smith, D. D., pastor.
Rev. H. C. Jennings, D. D., Chicago, i
African Methodist Episcopal Zion. )
FIRST — 805 Stockton street." Rev. T.
Brown, pastor. Bishop L. H. Holsey, D.
D., Atlanta Ga.
African Methodist Episcopal.
BETHEL — Powell street, near Pacific.
Rev. F. G. Snelson, pastor. Rev. I. Gar
land Penn, South Atlanta, Ga.
Presbyterian.
CALVARY AND ST. JOHN'S— Corner
of California and Octavia streets. Revs.
John Hemphill, D. D., and George G.
Eldredge, pastors. ,Rev. Edward M. Tay
lor, D. D., Cambridge, Mass. Sunday
school, 12:30. Rev. W. B. Palmore, D. D.,
St. Louis Mo.
FIRST— Corner of Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento streets. Revs. R. Mackenzie,
D. D., and W. K. Guthrie, pastors. Rev.
J. W. Bashfordf D. D., Delaware,, Ohio".
FRANKLIN . STREET — Corner of
Franklin and Vallejo streets. Rev. J. T.
Wills, D. D., pastor. Rev. Joel T. Daves,
Athens, Ga.
• LEBANON, Sanchez street, near Twen-.
ty-third. Rev. R. Logan, pastor. Rev. J.
W. Phelps, Reno, Nev.
MEMORIAL— Eighteenth avenue, south,
and Latona street. Rev. Herbert N.
Bevier, pastor. Rev. F. T. Keeney, Au
burn, N. Y. ,
MIZPAH— Harrison street, near Fifth.
Rev. F. A. Doane, pastor. Rev. George
D. Wolfe. New Albany, Ind.
TRINITY— Corner of Twenty-third and
Capp streets. Rev. J. H. Kerr, D. D.,
pastor. Rev. John- L. Pitner, D. D., L03
Angeles, Cal.
WESTMINSTER-Cbrner of Page and
Webster streets. . Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
pastor. Rev. W. H. Barraclough, Vic
toria, B. C.
United Presbyterian.
FIRST— Corner Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. Rev. H. H. Bell, D. D., pas
tor. Rev. James Henderson, D. D., To
ronto, Canada.
STUART MEMORIAL. Guerrero street,
near Twen ty-secohd— Rev. William E.
Dugran, pastor. Rev. W. E. Thompson,
D. D., Little Rock, Ark.
Baptist
EMMANUEL, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-second— Rev. J. George Gibson,
pastor. Rev. G. W. Kerby, B. A., Mon
treal, Canada.
FIRST, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
E. A. Woods, D. D., pastor. Rev. Matt
S. Hughes, D. D., Kansas City, Mo.
HAMILTON SQUARE, Post street, near
Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins, pastor. Rev.
E. M. Mills, D. D., Elmira, N.-Y.
Christian..
FIRST, Twelfth street, near Mission —
Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor. Rev. C. W.
Millard, D. D., Yonkers, N. Y.
WEST SIDE, Bush street, near Scott-
Rev Walter M. White, pastor. Rev. P.
L: Cobb, Nashville, Tenn.
Congregational. .
BETHANY, Bartlett street, near Twen
ty-fifth—Rev. W. C. Pond, D. D., pastor.
Rev. H. M. • Du Bose, D. D., Nashville,-
Tenn.
FOURTH, Green street, near Stock
ton—Rev. C. H. Stevens, pastor. Rev. W.
A. Spencer, D. D., Philadelphia, Pa.
RICHMOND, corner Seventh avenue
and Clement street — Rev. Philip Coombe,
.pastor. Rev. J.-W. Saunby, B. A., Medi
cine Hat, Northwest Territory. :
THIRD, .Fifteenth street, ' near Mission
—Rev. William Rader, pastor. Rev. W.
J. Smith, B. A.,' Brantfordj Ontario.
Lutheran.
FIRST ENGLISH, Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. B. Nelander, Ph. D., pastor.
Rev. E. S. Havighorst, D. D., Mount
Pleasant, Iowa.
Miscellaneous.
PEOPLE'S PLACE CHURCH. 1280 Pa
cific street— Rev. Henry A. Fisk, pastor.
Rev. E. J. Helms, D. E>., Boston, Mass.
UNITED STATES ARMY CHAPEL—
Presidio. Rev. Oliver C. Miller, chaplain.
Rev. C. O. Jones, D. D., Bristol, Va.
CENTRAL, Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsinpil
ler, D. D., pastor. Rev. W. P. Thirkield,
D. D., Cincinnati, Ohio.V ;
EPWORTH, corner of Twenty-sixth and
Church streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward,
pastor. Rev. C. T. Scott, B. A., Aylmer,
Ontario.
CALIFORNIA STREET, , corner of
Broderick and California streets— Rev. A.
O. Bane, pastor. Rev. T. B. Neeley, D. D.,
New York. ;
Methodist Episcopal.
: The speakers for to-morrow's 11 o'clock
services in the various churches of San
Francisco are as follows: ¦ •
Strangers Will Appear
in Pulpit., ¦
Houses of Worship at Which
Speak at Various
Churches.
Epworth Delegates N to
WHERE VISITORS
WILL PREACH
THE SAJS" FRANCISCO CAL.L.,' SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1901.
Miss Mabel Hill, a Seventeen-Year-Old Girl, Selected as Sub
stitute for Mrs. Harriette H. Craft, Accompanist of the First
Presbyterian Church Chqjr, During the Latter's Vacation
SPLENDID COMPLIMENT
TO A YOUTHFUL ORGANIST
Engagement of Miss Edna L. Bartlett and Carroll D. Galvin, an
Eastern Mining Man, Announced— Wedding, Which Will Be
a Quiet Home Affair, Will Take Place Wednesday Evening
OAKLAND BELLE SOON
TO BECOME A BRIDE
TOUNG OAKLAND . BELLE WHOSE . ENGAGEMENT TO AN EASTERN
MINING MAN HAS JUST BEEN ANNOUNCED. THE WEDDING
WILL TAKE PLACE NEXT WEDNESDAY EVENING.
11
No other soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
it goes so far.
All sorts of people use Pears* wap, au sorts
Of stores sell it, especially druggists.THE SAN,; FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JULY 20, 1901.
12
SAX FRAKCISCO CAIX.
BUSINESS OFFICE or The San Francisco
Call, orner or Market and Third streets; ipen
cr.tl! 3* o'clock every nlcfct In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery rtreet.
corner Clay: open ur.Ml 9:30 p. m.
300 llarr* rtr**t: open until 9:S9 p. m.
G£> McAllister ttreet: open until 9:30. p. m-
flS Lark in street: open until 9:30 p. in.
1?4I Mission street: open until JO p. m.
I"G1 Market ftreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 n- »n.
30fi Kle-venth Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. —
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftrepts: open until 9 p.Tn.
£2<v> T^itlrM'-t* ft i-p»t : men until' 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
J1ISFION Lodeo No. 169. F. and A. M.— a \
Called m^etfnff THIS (SATURDAY) »«k- I
KVEXING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jf/;
pres. R. E. ALLAN. g;cretary. ' **
REBEL Cork, Benevolent Association— Tb««
plume apsociat'on will hold Its rce-j'ar annual j
i.icr.i'- on FUJCO-VT; August 4. 13C1. at Shell j
Hour.*' Hark Berkeley. Very valuable gate I
ITtxrc ate tf l>e siven. including a Domestic
si-r.in',' machine. *j
ANNT".<iL meeting— Tlic* R'.sOon Iron and Loco-
motive "\Vcrks— The nnnual meeting of the (
i-tookliil.iers "f the Risdon Iron and Loconio- J
tive WoikE Mr the ejection of trustees for the j
ersuir:;? y^ar and the transaction of such •
other h-jfin^ers as may be brought before the |
meeting «ii! be hel.l at the cfHee of the nom- J
pary, southeast corner of Heale and Howard .
st*., Kan Francisco, on MOXDAT, the 5th i
day of August. 1M1. at II o'clock a. m. ]
L. K. MEAD, Secretary. • ¦ I .
AVNT'AL meeting.— Regular a nnual meeting of '
the ?toekh^iders of the Spreckels Sugar Co. .
will t>e held at the office of the company. 3!7
Market ft., fan Francisco, or. MONDAY, the ,
IS'.h dav of July, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for I
ihe purporc cf electing a board of directors •
to *erve for »he ensuing: year and the trans- j ;
ncticn of fucfc ether business as may come j
before rt>» meeting. The transfer books will j
close on Friday. July 26. 1901. at 3. p. m. ;
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary, j
ACEXTS WASTED. ! .
PERMANENT position awaits a pood sales- 4
man; mi'Et earn more than $100 per month; ¦
an ex-pc- - .oo! teacher, insurance, typewriter |
or book salesman nref?rred. Pacific News- j .
paper Union. S27 Market Bt.. S. F. ! «
AGENTS can maks $: to $5 per day. Call at j .
3 Taylor st. ¦ ' j ]
SCALP and fsce massage agents. MADAM ! .
RUGG. 1U3 Market St.. between 7th and Sth. I <
ADOPTION. . ;
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MRS. .
OR. Ft'N'KE. 143ti Klehth St.. Alameda. .
ASPHAI/iUM UOOFIXG. ;
J. PEI.TIEK. asr^alt rocfing. sidewalks re- .
firen: r.nr>al. 1136 MisBJon: tel. Folsom 1607. <
ATTORXEVS AT LAW. |
ADVICE free; divorces private: bankruptcy; col- i
lections: attachments: mortEraKes: bills of sale; j
partnerships: de^ds; wills drawn; fees low;open I
eve's. THURSTON. ICOSVa Mkt., r. 4, op. 5th. j
ADY'lCr. tree: divorce law a specialty; private;
ro fe» without success: collections. G. W.
HOWK. attv at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
j^DVK'E free: no charge unless successful. J. |
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St.. rooms :S-29. j ;
ADV1CR free: r.o charce unless successful. W.
TV. D.WIDPON. 027 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. P. flJiUK. Kmma Ppreckels bldg-.. 917 Mar-
fc«t *t : emfuhatinn free: no f»es in advance, j
nOARDtXG FOB CHILDREN. j '
A MAX with 2 children, one 14 months old and ' •
¦Jhe other 7 yoare. v.-lshes a 'home for the chll- ! •
dren. where he can room, in private family: ;
no other small children. Box SSS8. Call office. I
WIDOW with cwn home near school wishes , <
children : reasonable. 4023 23th. nr. Sanchez.
1 <jK is children to beard, week or month: best j 1
fsre:«!nnv ya'-d-nrrchor,l:r»»3=onflble.l6fl7 Cal..
BOOKS XEW AXS OLD. I
BOCKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 295«. I "
HOLMKfi HOOK CO.. 704-7C6-7GS Mission st. j
¦ ~—~— — .— »— — —^—^ 1 -
ItlSIXESS CHAXCES. j '
A— J6C0; SALOON, est. many years in choicest ]
buslii€Ff past of "this city: low rent: investl- j
pate at cr.co and you will find a first-class !
paying LUEiness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26hi
Kearny it.
A— J100G; GENERAL merchandise store, with .
•coal ami hay yard, across the bay; estab. ;
• many year? and doirg a splendid business. '
Call R. ii. WILKE. 2CU Kearny St.- j
A— J900: SALOCN, with 4 furnished rooms^. 4th
end Market sts. ; net rent $22: rare chance;
bargain. Call XI. G. WILKE, IGH Kearny gt. ',
A— J7C0: COFFEE safoon and restaurant, near
Call buildinK. clearing {150 per month; rare
chance. H. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st. J
A-$:p: fiTATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
rotior.* aritit laundry route and route of all
S. F. <5*!!ieK. ccross the bay. or will sell pa- !
per and laundry routes for C1500. ¦ Particulars '•
n. G. W1LX{E. 26U Kearny Et. - j '
A-S15W; HALF-INTEREST, Kaloon on Kearny !
ft., clearing JCOO p»r month; lease: rare ;
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, :6% Kearny st. !
A— J1500: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one ;
block sevth «.r Market St.: daily receipts from
f90 up; '.:i-ariri^ about *«0 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny eU |
A— $^5C: EALOOX v.-i;h 36 rurnished rooms; $S30 !
• ash. balance on time: r?nt $60; located '
Fourth bt. Ca'.l R. G. WILKE. ?6U Kearny. '•
t'HL'O ttcie. downtown? fine location; big j
monpy-ir.sker: legitimate reason for selling, j ¦
WALTER HAYES & CO., E38 Market «t. |
109 CIGAR 200 candy stores. 300 gro- 1
.ceries and bars. 400 saloons. 100 bakeries. 600 j :
Vtoros of all kirds; hundreds cf businesses to ' [
choose fr.''m: call in and see what we can j
effer. WALTER HAVES & CO.. S3S Market. -
tVZi— AN unrigl-.t riano. used cne month.
Jf.OOCr— A fir'? shoe store: sood location. ¦
$H«iO— fannpr: prlntinir bus.: $6000 year clear. [
•*5.1S5 — A fin" <lc-lica'-y etore; Mission.
'>OLDSV.ITH & PEDLAR, r. 224. 927 Market.
$225— I3IIANCH bakery and variety store; fam- '
lly rootnr. McLAfGKLIN & CO.. 577H Mar-
ket ct.: ertabiithed 25 years.' ;
IF you want t-i buy or eell your business call ;
Rt the Borton Uusiness Agency; we have first- '
cltsrs lods:;iis-ho'jfces. groi'eries, stores, etc.. at
Creat rtwanne 1C16 Market, opp. Fifth.' Me-
BRIDE & CO. i
, 1
TOU can be ratted In any kind of business by !
oallirr r.t offic-e. i .
G. W. srHWEINHARD. 817 Market St.. near :
Fifth. Thone Mint 1911. j
f750— FOR an established and prosperous busi- ¦
ness; experience not necessary: large profit* 3
and no Ioj-m-*: en energetic man can earn
from S1C0 to ?3Cft jier month; might take part :
; :n cschancre; sickness oompels sacrifice. See "
ALDEN & CO. about it, 1118 Broadway, Oak-
'»"<*• ¦ j i
J2M— GROCERY and bar: cne of the best pay- '
U\K corners I if the city; death cause of this '
sale. CONNORS & SONS. 993 Market St.. '
rooms 1 end 2. - •
I>KLICACV store; n-.U5t be sold or given away:
C35 Valencia tt. Proprietor. 36 Geary et., room •
S. between 9 a. m. and 1 p. m. 3
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with ¦
J30CC' in an optical business; must either be !
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.: cash receipts about $1500 to •
CGCS per month. Addrets GEORGE MAY- •
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 107114 Mar- :
ket St.. Saa Francisico. ' j ;
A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak- !
Ing place in city: fine rash trade; trial given '¦
before buyins; owner wants to retire after ' <
**vcral year* 111 business; cllt-edge chance; a ! -
cafe inve«.rucnt. 326 Pine st.. ground floor. '
$1000— OLD- EST A BL15=HED~etatlonersr bazaar !
school supplies and candies; sunny living!-
rooms; north of Market: near schools; cost !
Sl.VX 1 ; owner leavins city; no agent. Box 1
3M3. C*:i office. ... j ¦
N*O humbug— Lady gcing East must sell either \
whole <r s-rarate 21 and 23 rooms, 1 block I •
from Mr.r!:»( :;t.; n'B> 12-room house near., '
Van Nets jvo. nc»; 3TK. <!all. 1
BRANCH l*k?ry ar.d noticn business In a fine ! .
location: all <hf1i trade: very low rent; liv- !
irg-rocir-F: very rheap if taken this month. '
Apply 1717 Market tt.. restaurant. '
FOR sale— <jr.->cery and bar; corner Twenty- "
eighth and Church; hall upstairs; rent $30; •
nuiet be sold en account sicknets.
BAHBKR tbvp in Hotel Arthur: two-chair com- (
Wnation; best in town; good business: must
fc!r account Kicknese. J. I* FAUSSETT, !
Looipoc. Cat.
NOTE- A vorr.tr saloon in a good location for J
vale at a bargain. Including building and flx- '
tures. «C0 Towiu«cnd st. ; no agents:
FOR Bale— Cl^ai*. confectionery, store and
fixtures. Ice trfiam stand; '$150. M. C. COF-
FEE." Petalutna. .'¦'...:>. ¦-¦ . . r -•
CANDY More, for eale' cheap: procrietor sick
Bex rS'.C. Oal. J
HOME hal:erj". suitable for man and wife or ,
two iniiiop. Apply 1W Twenty-seventh st. .
EMALL i*avin^ business wanted !n Oakland. •
Box :?;?, Call, office. Oakland.
$7:n— nE«TAl.:RANT itj factory district: baT- •
gain jan account of departure. ' Box 4<55 Call.
FOR tale— Sma!! oj-f>ter stand: a bargain. Call
S a. m. to 4 »:. m.. OSli I^rkln tt. 3
v^'flf> wai!t« to join Fastern. parties in a part-
c«.reh;;>7 lfii'j Market et., room 4.
I,ODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market St.. opp. ' Fifth. Tel. Mint 785.
...:.. 16 years in Business In" This City
.......v.. Offers for Sale and Exchange ....'
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 raw.' $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses. <> to COO rms.. ?1CO to. 20,0Cf»
49 flats. 3 to 12 rooms, SSO to "SO
W) private homes, € to 25 rooms. $90 to.. 2,000
31 boarding-houses. 10 to 100 rm?.. $330 to 10,000
20 hotels, 40 to 200 rooms; $1000 to 8,000 |
40 grocerv stores. S4C0 to COCO ,
20 candy stores. $000 to 1.200 :
40 saloons. $100 to i 6- CM
10 cigar stores. $300 to lt00 l;
i*O other businesses, all kinds, $]C0 to.. 10.000
100 vacant lots, $25 to 8,1X0
To houses and lot*, everywhere. $CCO to., on.000
fi chicken ranches. $400 to 1.J0O |
E0 ranches, everywhere. $"00 to 2 il ,.
..To Buv. J?eH or Exchange Anythimr Call..
I can suit you. II. C. PECKER. 1020 Market.
a! camf.ron & co., *
ScO Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
\ Rooms 23. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If vou liave hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell lift with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes ar.«l prices. Pee list of bargains.
62 rm5.; rent 11*5; good fur., carpets... $3250
46 rms.: rent $l. r J): perm., transient 2400
'¦ S3 rms.: rent $t.",0; Market: mortgage $300... 2C00
! 16 rms.: rent *."0; i>erra. and transient 700
' MONEY loaned on deferred payments; Hi p. c.
! 12 rms.: rent $65. pr!. board; ffnod fur $1000
! j0 rms.: rent K2 30; fur. rarpts & loc. good. 400
• 6 rms.; rent f25: new hardwood fur 373
> Over iCO houses IlFted. Call before buying.
j '• ATTENTION. BUYERS!
: You *nay buy any rooming-house In
'¦ ffie city, and pay for it
i In monthly payments
I t from the profits
! of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 9S5 Market; phone Folsom 1312.
75 rooms; price $3000 42 rooms: price. .•..SS-'.OO
26 rooms: price 1300 30 rooms: price 2250
14 rooms; handsome: rent only $60; price. .$750
I 22 rooms; elegant: rent enly $60: price.... $1500
; • We have over SCO more-. 1 any location, kind
j or. price, at bargains and hurried sales.
I A WELCOME to all Epworth Leaguers.
I ' MARION GRIFFIN,
j 719 Maiket Kt., by Call Bldg.; tel. Black 1SQ3;
I restaurants, delicatessens, stores of all kinds;
j £32 lodging houses. Call at office for list—
j THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
' and hotels can be found at office of •
4 G. W. SCHWEIN1IARD.
No. S17 Market st. (near Fifth st.).
I Phcne Mint 1911. '_
' S3.V1 — LODGING-HOUSE 10 rooms, furnished.
SC4V4 Mission st.
I 14 ROOMS; sunny corner; reasonable. 335
j Third st. ;__ ; __
I SIXTH. 242— House of 9 rooms; large yard; rea-
I' gonable. '
GOOD chance; 11-room house; low rent; near
I Van Ness; $400. Eox 3S25, Call office.
A "WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call. .
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME find see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
• Fun., Tues.. Fri.. S p. m.. 50c: you can speak
! to your spirit friends face. to face and recog-
i nice them; five names; has received medals
i from many countries; taken last world's
i record medal at Paris Fair. 1CS4 Bush; tel.
! 2275 Larkin st. • -
I MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam-
ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Kllls-
et. car: sit.. $1: letter. $2. Tel.' Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM,
the world -renowned spiritual medium: advice
In all affairs of life: lawsuit?, divorces,
deaths- unites the separated: mining: a spe-
cialty: circles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence <no signs). 3S McAllister.
! ARNOLD DICKSON— Test circle to-night. 10c;
! readings and spirit photos dally; farewell 24th.
! 14S Sixth .st. ¦
! JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c; Sun., Mon. Fri.
; eves.. 8:1.'; Wed. aft., 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
I gat & Sun. 1SC9 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
! 1st and card reading, 25c. 1241*4 Market st
I EDWARD EARLE. S2S Ellis— Readings daily;
I seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
¦ FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M-ver: Flttlmr* dailv: test to all to-ni»ht. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
! -MME. M~BEP.NARD.
i TIIE> FAMOUS
i Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldsr Sh*
¦ reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
rcriptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
| ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or rot satisfied in life, or have domes-
. tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
j medium and you will bs told how to overcome
: them. Valuable sdvice in all affairs -of life;
! 55c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed. .
A— LINCOLN - -CLAIRVOYANT AND
, HIGH PSYOHIST
1 He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc.. without asking a single question: cures
•iise'ases without medicine: shows you how to
, r.void had luck and how to make yourself ]
• lucky; reunites the' separated ; makes harmony j
)n your home; gives accurate advice on all i
business affairs: investments, mining, oil; read-
ings by mail; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
I Mme. Montacue. clairvoyant and palmist,
I gives advice in all affairs of life; gives
! name?, facts, figure^ with full predictions in •
i all love affairs; not cne failure; letters ans- j
i wered. 116 Turk St., flat 1. j
WHY. If some people only knew they could be J
benefited by my wonderful occult power, what j
, a change It would make in their lives; It I
1 would be brighter, happ'er and better in every '
way; consult tl<e genuine, she- will irulde you !
1 rlsht. MRS. DR. VALIEN. U:3% Market St.
, MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
• medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
• Icet St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
j ' 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet
' i with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
i .^_______ . mm |
1 MME ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tell* pa«t I
and future: re«--er fall?: his the greatest Egyp- j
! tian Fecret: shows picture of future husband
1 cr wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215*4 Sixth st.
! MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & car<l
I reader, born with double veil— second sight:
I diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies EOc;
j gents $1: palm, and clair. n't.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
' KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
! palmist and reader cf human destiny; never
j fails; 25c and fflc. 12C3 Mission st.. cor. Sth.
MME. SANDERS, 127 Mason, medium; teaches
palmistry and mind telegraphy: advice on al!
business; 4 questions by mail, $1: hr's, 12 to 8.
I ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy.' clairvoyant and
! palmlEt, permanently located 1118 Market, op.
! Cth; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. CARLSON, medium and astrologist:
j horoscope? cast: lessons given, 50c: hours 11
to 1 and 4 to 6. . 14S Sixth St.. room 22. \
MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor.6th.
MRS. CROWN. clairvoyant, card readar;
ladies 25c. gents EOc. 1?2 Sixth st. .
i CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana,
i only 10c. 2C2 Minna St., near . Fourth. '
Mrs. Mai lory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 23c. G. EOc. S17 Howard.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
i reaOer. 11. fith :German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader -and
palmistry: truth or bo pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card .reader;
fitting! dally. 448V4 Jensie St.. bet. Eth and 6th.
i MME. RAVENNA read" life fluently: business
I advice: names elven: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
1 CAKI'ET HEATIXG A.\D CLEAMAG.
! WHEN' you become diFgrueted with poor work
! Fend to SPA tTLTMNG'S pioneer Carpet-beal-
i ing' Works. 352-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
13KATING. 3c: laying, Sc; renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
I RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
n reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
., CONKLIN'S Superior CarpeJ-beatinx Works,
i 323 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
! ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
! tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating' Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. SS-4C Sth St.; tel. South 260.
J. El MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth gt.; tel. Mission 74.
ORPKTS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St. : telephone Jessie S44.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN rails, bunions, corns.' warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLL.ECTIOX OFFICES.
Columbian Law & Collection Asrency, rm. 85, 916
" Market— Experienced, reasonable, trustworthy.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-No charge un-
less EOceegsfui. Room 310. 927 Market ft;. "
COTTAGES TO LJEST.
WOLFE, 8—4 rooms; rent $8 50. Key No. 12,
next door. . ,_ . • -.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES. .
McCABE'S Dete^UvT^A^ncVTia^l^^iriegl"
Ornate detective. buclnr-ss; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. ; Emma Spreokels
' rooms 223-32I. San Francisco; tel. South 3S1.
/ DENTISTS. ' : '
Vr'7he~ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SOS Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions t!»ne painlessly: teeth
without plates our. specialty; sold crown?,
) }3 50 up: plates, extractions free. 54 50 up; cf-
I flee hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays', 9 to 2
) p. m. J. ,W. THATCHER.', M. P., Manager.
} EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
J and fillings; extractions- or ¦ fillings by my
j wonderful secret, painless, method; 20 years'
) experience: no students: advice free; prices
I cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
> DR. GEORGE W. LEISK. 20 O'Farrell st.
J A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose. Pearl,
; — warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
fOc; plntes, f.i: full set; all work painless and
J warranted. Chicago Dental. Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. C Eddy st.— Work done
; on weekly Installments: lowest rates. " :
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
• aminer_ building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
i PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush—
i Full get of teeth. H: crowns. $3: fillings. 23c.
I DR R. L.WALSH.8ir>?4 Geari'.nr.Larkin— Pain-.
i less extraction COc; plates $5 upiphonePolkllSS.
! LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction.
50c. K. Y. Dentists. 369 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
1 VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
• days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. K. G.
vn y sG - ] " 41 Polk st -
DRESSMAKERS A\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. .1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES" Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month: 530 life scholarship guarantees a'
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc.: experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured: catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typlnjr and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Fhorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. law and medical
• colleges: references. President' Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
insr, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, eleo.. mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
• A FULL owiirse of Ellis bookkeeping ' and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. • San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market St..
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bids.
High school students— The Weekly Geometry Pa-
pers make home study easy;cifculars. 3040 16th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or e\-e. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY-P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 18C3: new SO- page catalogue free.
MEDICAL hypnotism tausrht to students of
both sexes; chronic functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drg. K. & K.'e Electric Sanitarium. 8 Maaon.
EXCHANGE.'
WHAT have you got to offer for this? Fine
2-story house of 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 50x
ISO; street work all done; electric cars pass
the property; only 2 blocks from railroad sta-
tion; within walking distance of new Hisrh
School and university. Apply to FRED H.
CLARK, 503 California St.. third floor.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all klnda;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help." 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411'fc O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment ot-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 513S.
EMPLOYMBXT WASTED—FEMALK.
WANTED— A young lady would like to obtain
a position as assistant bookkeeper: has had
some experience; object Is practice: $9 to *10
per week. Address Berkeley, box 3S91, Call.
A YOUNG girl wishes a position to do house-
work; wages $20 -.to $25 per month. Call 553
Linden ave. . - i
A NURSE with experience would like a position
sp office nurse; can give references. Address
box 3S92, Call office/
A STRONG, healthy young woman wants any
kind of sewing, plain or. fancy; lace made to
order; lessons given. Call 604 O'Farrell St.,
room 9, second floor.
j WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
i ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
j J6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
I and baggage to and from ferry.
BY experienced, active ' woman, to travel East
as nurse for infant or invalid: best of refer-
enccs. Address MISS F-. 2200 Fillmore st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ot Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
j EMPLOYMESTJVAXTED— MALE.
J PRACTICAL miner wants position; thorough
| mill man on stamps or circular mills; had
- experience on low-grade ores, also with mine
development, the handling of men, and is
capable of taking entire charge on free-mill-
ing plant or construction ; h"ave assay outfit
and transit: understands steam, water power
and compressed air; tools and. calculations;
reliable; reference. m Address box~3982, Call.
A RELIABLE young man wishes a situation
with some good firm; understands shorthand
and typewriting: wages no object; city or
country. Address J. M., 599 Ellis st.
WANTED— By middle-aged man, watchman,
elevator or any light work: can give best of
references; small wages. Box 3823, Call.
WANTED— Rough carpenter, work In. or. near
city; can do any common carpenter work by
day or Job. Box 3988, Call office.
\ A GOOD plain carpenter would like to get
work with a large contractor of buildings.
Box 3883, Call office.
WANTED— Position as packer. CHARLES
EVANS, 20 Golden Gate ave.
A STEWARD, experienced, open for position.
Address box 3886, Call office.
A PRACTICAL sweet and dry wine maker, 15
years' experience, best references, wishes
situation.. Address box 3897, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman wants situation in family
to' teach French, German. Dutch -and violin;
good treatment preferred to high wages;
country preferred. Address box'2#tvCall ofilee.
A RELIABLE man and wife wish to take
charge and do the work in a small place in
the country or stock ranch: good references.
Address T. D., 1519 Howard st.
A — WANTED — Two men want work, such as
rough carpenter and painter; job work. Box
3894, Call office.
BUTCHER waists position in some wholesale
place to drive wason or some other work.
Write to C. W. F., 1709 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— By a young man of experience, po-
Mtion in slaughter house; good references.
Box 3S18. Call office. . •
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper open for engagement.'
Box 2809, Call office. :
A SCANDINAVIAN surveyor would like a job
with a surveying party. . Box. S970. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook desires situation
with family; wages $35. Address QUONG
TUCK & CO., 925 Dupont st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese family cook desires sit-
¦ uation; wages $35. 1112 Stockton St., 2d floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
FEATHERS REXO VATED. ¦
FEATHER pillows & ma'ttresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke,1393 Valencla;tel.Capp 2682.
• ' ... FLATS TO LET.
Ho15iEirc6^ : TA^Eir^ : LXT?^rc5~TE^r^ : *"
1125 Lea v'wth; h.,8r.$52 921 Buchanan; f. 6 r.$30
2118 Central av. h lOr 50 1618 Bush; r. 9 r 30
1178 Ellis; f. 8 r...;. 45 2427 Sutter: c. 6 r.... 22
1521 O'Farrell; f. 7 r. 37 41S Clayton: f. 5- r.. 21
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
EDDY, "i£l, liear Van, Ness— A veil-arranged
I upp'T flat .of 9 rooms and -bath,: centrally !<>-
p cated. SHAIICWALD. BUCIfBEE & CO.,
.' 218-220 'Montgomery ., gt. : ' ¦ .¦ .'
O'FARRELL., 1275 and 1277— Eeautllul - upper
sunny flats of 8 rooms 'and ¦¦ bath, with all
modern. conveniences.- SHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE & CO.,.21S.-22U Montgomery et.
;['-:^FLATS TO % LET— Continneiit. -^X
I PINE, 2132— 6 'rooms, bath; all modern: large
i'i back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner.
' J ¦¦' 21S4 Pine st. - . ' .
'¦ $12 :0—2S9 SHIPLEY, near Sixth; .. middle flat;
I baUi; gas; i yard; sunny, y , . . ¦- ¦ ' ..
. $1S— 1461 SACRAMENTO, near Hyde; flat, 7
i rooms, bath; gas: yard; sunny.
J17 50— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. . 571 Hay.es
, St., near Laguna; no small children.' ¦'.-.•
A 'SUNNY corner, flat. 7 room3, bath; central.
1521 O'Farrell. 'near Laguna. . "??
Jf FINE - flat ' of ' 5 rooms and . bath at 4585
j St.; fine view/ ' ¦'
NEW 6-room flat; faces park. *54" Partola St.,
' off Waller, west of Stelner.
i FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
?25— CORNER flat, 7 rooms, oath, piano. 2542
. McAllister. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market.
FLATS r WANTED.
: WANTED— Near the park or in desirable part
of Mission, below Twentieth St.. furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults:
rent reasonable. Address Immediately box
44D7, Call office. ¦/ ;¦.- ' ¦
WAVTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call of flee.
! FURNITURE FOR SALE.
• Will furnish your house on monthly paymentr
' A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $4S 50, with No. 7
. range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURXITUhE WANTED.
. CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
; TEL. Jessie 761 before selling, furniture, car-
pels, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. S2S Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
Auctioneer — L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel.Polk 694;
furniture <fe furn'd . houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES^
L". & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A : rcTRTHA : KSmr&^oysZ^AOrGeary^C '
HOTEL DEPARTMENT >
For Lake Taboel Free fare both ways
Waitress, see party here ....$.'0
Laundress,, see- party here........ JCO
Fancy ironer, fare paid.... $35
Waitresses, cooks, fancy ironers, all over the
State; largest wages and fare paid. '
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Eastern girls wanted for families and hotels;
cooks, second girls, nursegirls, > housegirle, -
ranch cooks, $10-$30. fare paid to country
places. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 EXPERIENCED Jabelers, $5 a week. C. R. :
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. , ;
MRS. M. E, DAY :...... S35 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ;
2 waitresses, mountain resort, $25, free fare; '
'-waitress. Lake Tahoe ! $20, free faro both
ways, see party here; waitress, springs, $20,
free fare; 12 waitresses, city and country, -
$20 and $25; chambermaid, first-class hotel,
$15; plain laundress, $25, free fare both ways.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Many choice positions, best wages. (
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Lady's maid, city reference, $25: 3
cleaning woman. Institution, $25; cook, small
restaurant. $25; cook, country hotel. $40; cook,
private family. $30; nurse, 2 children, $20; 4 :
second girls, $20, $25; 10 waitresses, city and
country hotels, $20, $23; 50 girls for general •
housework, city and country, $20. $25. $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12 <
—Cashier, city restaurant; waitresses, city, $20.
WANTED— Experienced girls to make paper j
boxes; Kood wages and steady work guaran-
teed. R. W. PRIDHAM, 110 and 112 N. Loa •
Angeles St., Los Angeles, Cal, ¦ . • J
¦ WANTED— Middle-aeed married woman for •
housework and serve at table: sleep, home; J
references. . Call bet. 10 and 12, 517 Buena
: Vista ave. ¦ . '
WANTED— A German or Scandinavian girl for
general housework and cooking. 1421 Call- :
loraia st.
GERMAN girl for light housework and attend ".
to a boy after school. Apply 130 Sixth st. ;
millinery store.
2 YOUNG ladles, good appearance, good talk-
ers; ..salary and commission. 24 Montgomery ,
st, room S. 0-11^ a. m. • ]
WANTED — A girl for • general . housework;
wages $20. Call at "516 Devlsadero st. i
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MT-
- SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st. '
WAITRESS wanted; steady, easy Job; no Sun- ]
day work. 9 Drumm st. . i
WOMAN wanted to assist at housework.. 123
Coillngwood st. . ¦ '.
PHOTOGRAPHIC retouching taught in one
' month; terms reasonable. Apply 17 Fair Oaks. '
WANTED — An experienced stenographer; must '
be a good speller; also young lady for office ¦
work, must be good at figures. Apply be-
tween 8 and 10 a., m. at HALE BROS., 979 -
Market st. . * '
100 WOMEN and girls wanted; those having
worked in canneries preferred; highest wages ;
paid. GIBBS-WILSON Packing Co., 821
Bryant st. , •
GIRL wanted for . general housework. Call
. Sunday or Monday, 2595 Grove St., Dwlght
way station, Berkeley. i
OPERATORS on shirts & overalls; lnexperncd
Instructed. Heynemann & Co., 419 Mission, j
A WAITRESS wanted for country. Apply 343
Harriet Et. '
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
wages $20. 417 Central ave., near Hayes st. ]
.YOUNG eirl'for chamberwork and care of 4-
year-old boy; $10. 3C22 Clay st.
WANTED— Hairdresser and apprentice. 1036
' Market st. ' '
CLASSIFIED 'advertisements and subscriptions "
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and *
Fubscrlptions has been, established at 1096 •
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALK.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary^st?
WANTED TO-DAY
- Teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen for
„.. Ukiah .,. 7
Truckee
Nevada I
Santa Fe System
Chatsworth Park
Wages $175 to ?3 a day
Free fare Free fare
50 laborers, company work, country, $2 25 a '
day; 10 laborers for mine, $2 a day; 20 farm-
ers and milkers, $30 to $35; blacksmith for
resort, $43 and fare paid; 4 blacksmiths, $2,
$2 50 and $3 a day; carriage painter, country,
$40; German cheesemaker, $60. ~-
..'......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....,
3 head cooks, country hotels, $60 to $75; 4 sec- ;
ond cooks, country hotels, $50 to $60; 2
helps', hall waiters for springs,' $20 and fare
advanced; 6 waiters, country hotels and res>-
¦ taurants, $30; butler and indoor servant, $30;
6 porters, $25; bell boy for resort; $12 60. .
10 colored extra waiters, country hotel, $1 50 .
a day.. (
C. R.. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCT,
59 Third St., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
60 teamsters for Ukiah, $2 per day. . , (
50 railroad laborers for Ukiah, free fare.
No Experience Required
— '. Office fee $1, no other expense
I .^ FREE FARE 1
6 harvest hands, $2 a day and board.
¦ B lumber pliers,. $35 a month and board.
3 men to feed hay press, $3 to $4 a day. •!*•-** J
- Laborers, teamsters and milkers.
6 sawmill men, $30 to $35 per month and found.
20 laborers, $2 per day.
B men for smelter, $2 40 per day. I
Blacksmith for railroad camp, $50 per month
and board, free fare. .-
Man and wife,- man to handle freight and (
.wife to do housework. $55 to $60 per month
and board: steady job: country. - -
; 2^ experienced trunk makers. South, $2 day. 1
;2 machinists' helpers. t ¦ "
I 2 HAY balers, 15c ; tpn: farmers, $25 and $30;
milkers, $30; sheepherder, • $25 and found, see
boss here to-day: man about place, $30; 2
errand boys, $3 week; boys for . factory, $4
week; coachman, $35; stablemen, $50 and $30
and found: 6 laborers for mill. $28 and found;
2 wood choppers, $175 cord: M0 teamsters,
'Vila day ; laborers for factory. $20 and $£5 ; j
driver for milk wagon, $35 and found; laun-
: dry man and wife, and others. J. F. CROS- -
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. J
A HOTEL cook, country, $50: second cook, coun- -
try hotel, $35;, cook, small resort, $40; bell- 1
boys, $12 and $15; dishwashers; third hand
baker, $30, and others. J. F. CROSETT & ;
CO.,. 628 Sacramento st.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny st.
¦'-. E0 B. R. laborers, Ukiah and Santa Barbara,'
free fare; 80 laborers, lumber mill, ship to- .
day; 20 . laborers, 20 teamsters, " 52 25. fare .
$120; floor man for horseshoe shop, $2 50. . - j
| A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12. .
i 4 colored waiters; houseman, $25. "• • • I
i A PIANO player for' springs, $25, free fare -
:; both ways. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st. 1
! JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International, Union— -
Free employment. 927 Market st.,". room 207. (
I. LESS. Secretary"; telephone Jessie. 1178.. / '..
.. ¦-• ' ¦ - " '¦ ¦-. • ~ T~" i
_. "VVANTED-LCash boys at RAPHAELS' (Inc.).
HELP WASTED— MALE — Con.
MURRAY & READy7.77!7T?!T~634-63C Clay Bt
¦ PHONE MAIN 584S. "
: • Leading: Employment and Labor Agents. ;
* - 3MK) Men Wanted — Free Fare. -
• SANTA FE R. R. ._ .
. S. P. R. R._ S. P. R. R.
<_• . '• CAL. N. W. RY.
23 laborers, no experience needed,, to work In
section, steel, ballast and other gangs, at An-
tioch, Stockton, Merced, Reedley and Bakers-
fleld districts.
Santa Fe R. R. Co.'s Own Work.
Free Fare— $1 Office Fee— No Other Expenses.
Teamsters and Laborers.
-•-->;»' UKIAH— FREE FARE.
75 teamsters, Ukiah— Free Fare.
CO laborers, Ukiah, $2 day. &
25 men to cut right of way,. Ukiah, $2 to $2 25
day. •> , .
2 carpenters, rough work, $75; -carpenter,
¦ ranch. $40; blacksmit'h, near city," no shoeing,
?2 SO day; blacksmith, mining town, $3 day,
¦see boss here; gang edger man; solderer,' can-
ning company; man to run capplng'machine;
blacksmith, R. R. camp, free fare, see boss
here. .,
10 laborers, near city, 8 hrs work. $2 day
• 25 teamsters, 80c fare........". .....$2 day
• Laborers, factory, $150. to $175 day; 500 la-
borers .".
23 men to pile lumber In yard.. $60
20 laborers, Shasta Co., $2 25 day; drillers,
quarry men, laborers, for the mines. ¦
SAWMILLS. ETC. ..T..... ......
. 50 lumber pilers, different sawmills, $60 and
$33 and fd. ; 10 men to 'work In lumber yards,
T2 day; woodchoppers, . tlemakers, 5 men .to
work in woods, Sonoma co., $30", fare paid;
crosscut sawyers, tree fellers, etc.
MISCELLANEOUS
Toung man to drive milk wagon, small route.
$25 and found; young man to drive butcher
wagon, .$25 and .found; 3 gardeners; 18 chore-
men and : boys; 10 hostlers; buggy washers
and stablemen, •city and country;. 175 men
for farms, hay and harvest fields, $1 25, $1 73
and $2 day and found; 50 farmers, steady
Jobs, fruit, farms, orchards, vineyards, good
wages; milkers, dairymen; 150 teamsters, road
and ranch work, city and country; young
man as shop and wagon butcher, . see boss
here to-day; young man' to drive butcher
order- wagon. $25 and -found; deckhand for
¦ dredger, $40 and found; 2 young men for car-
riage painting. . • f--
....COOKS, HOTEL AND OTHER HELP:...
Chef and second cook. mine. $60 and *$40 and
found; butcher and drive wagon. $10 wk; cook,
few men, dredger, $25 and found; ranch
cooks, J2o; cook, large , company's boarding-
house; 15 cooks,, city and country; ironera,
laundry; 2 camp waiters; dishwasher and
waiter, sawmill; bakers' helpers; pot washer,
kitchen help, waiters,, country hotels, $30
and $35. . .
MURRAY & READY.... '...... 634-636 Clay st.
TRUSTWORTHY persons In each State to
1 manage business of wealthy corporation; sal-
ary $18 cash each; Wednesday from head-
quarters; expense money advanced. Man-
ager, 325 Caxton building, Chicago.
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, waitresses and
dishwashers; also extras for Epworth
League meeting; register at once; no fee.
127 Mason st. . . . " <
WANTED— Bill clerk In wholesale house; must
write good hand and be quick at figures.
Box 37SS. Call office. . - t ¦
INTELLIGENT active boy writing a good
hand for a large stove and tinware store as
porter and salesman. Box 3S87, Call office.
STRONG willing boy about 18 years old as ap- .
prentice to learn Iron molding; must live '
home. Apply 814 Kearny st. - -"
WANTED— Young man with experience in
.Jewelry business and good references. Call
on RUDOLPH BARTH. 141 Post St. ;
CASH boys wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718
Market 3t. • . • ¦
MEN'S clothing salesmen wanted. > S. N. .
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
BOYS' clothing salesman wanted. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 718 Market 8t. . -
WANTED— A good union barber for Sunday, '
$2. 504}j Broadway. .
GOOD barber— wanted Saturday and Sunday,
$5 60. 407 Bush st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 152
Third st.
BARBER wanted at 408^i Sixth st. for Satur-
day and Sunday; $5.
BARBER Saturday afternoon and Sunday; tools
furnished. 1543 Park St., Alameda.
WANTED— Good bootblack; steady; for barber
shop. 7 Powell st.
BUTCHER wanted ; young wan for ! route.
BERGER & WEISS. 1518 Kentucky st. •
GOOD strong boy wanted for publishing house.
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class soleleather fitter. Ih-
qulre at DOLLIVER BROS.. 29 Second at.
BRIGHT office boy residing -with parents. . Ap-
ply in own handwriting, box 3879. Call office.
WANTED— A first-class ladies' tailor. I M.
DANZIGER. 237 Powell St.
LUNCH waiter. 1224 Point '.Loboa avenue. ]
WANTED— A railroad camp 'blacksmith. Ap-
ply 26 Montgomery St., room 25.
FIRST-CLASS designer and draughtsman for •
furniture. Box 4496, Call office.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1528 Polk street.
BOY wanted in a butcher shop. 2121 Fillmore !
. st., bet. California and Sacramento.
WANTED— Fifteen boys at 10 Montgomery st. '¦
by 9 a. m. ¦
WANTED — Advertising solicitor, also reporter '
daily paper. 325 Davis st. ; ¦
WANTED— Good flrst-class dinne«» waiter at
304 Mason- St.; wages $3 60 a week.
WANTED— Waiter :j all around work; part
night and day. 37f Eddy st. .
EXPERIENCED kitchen hand wanted; good
pay. People's Restaurant, 631 Clay st. '
WANTED — Flrst-class picture frame Joiners.
13-17 Telegraph ave., Oakland. p
McDONALD & PERRY, have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes- for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st. .
WANTED — Toung man IS to 20 years of age to '
set up toys. Apply between 8 and 10 a. m.
HALE BROS.. 979 Market st. '
WANTED — Experienced wrapper for delivery
department.. Apply at HALE BROS., 979 •
. Market st., before 11 s.m. ' '
ATTENTION— Wanted men at . once to learn
the barber trade; In 8 weeks we make you a ;
Journeyman barber* we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
secure -you a position; outfit of tools free;
having 100 applications for help we offer tul- ]
tion almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
4 lege, 741 Howard St. ' •
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good <
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less. than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read Erigllsh. For
further information apply at the Recruiting •
, office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: only
8 weeks required; 2 years' time saved by our
method; examination and diploma " given ¦
free; complete outfit of tools donated: special
inducements this month. Call or write at 1
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Artists; I will pay good price to '
artists who can put on a good wash; must
understand reproduction vahjc;- bring sam- J
pies and be prepared to go ¦ to work if ac-
cepted. MARIE LOUISE RIMES, 700 to 705
Emma Spreckels ¦ building.
GOOD, active, well-acquainted j painter and 3
paperhanger, with 6ome, tools, wanted as
working partner in paint shop. ¦ Apply M." A.
BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.- - 3
GRILL workers and metal workers, wanted.
S. F. Novelty and Plating -Works, i Bay and *
' Stcckton sts. ¦ ' • ¦ '-,:.:.
PARTNER wanted— Best paying barber shop In J
city; price $1250; $5C0 cash required. Call at
3S5 Geary st. .
SHOEMAKERS wanted; experienced stock fit-
" ter; also man to run rounder. Apply fore- \
noon shoe -factory, 103 Mission st. *
WANTED— Clothing and furnishing salesman, j
Apply 10 to 12, 113 Sansome st. • • . .
CARRIAGE painter wanted • at Railroad and i
Fifth aves., South San Francisco. • " .
FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith. 537 Green \
street. - ' _ '
WANTED— A brlsht young man to solicit for \
printing house; good hustler. Address A. B.,
box 3S30, Call office.
WANTEI>-Young man with some money; $30 3
..a month and board: no experience. Restau- .
rant, 496 Fourth 'st. ' ' . . . ]
LINE etchers wanted, $20 a wlek. California .
Photo-Engraving Co., 513 Market st. • i
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half .
. price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. - , j
WANTED— A gcod photographer ; and router. .
Address box • 4438, . Call ¦ of flee. .. . {
.WANTED— 100 quarrymen and rock drillers.- .
Apply 232' Montgomery st. -.! j
WANTED— 10 flrst-class lathers. $4 50 per day. -
which is $1 above union wages. Apply Sut- !
ter and Hyde 8ts. . -¦
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for. all ¦ parts of i
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuarfst.
BARBER shop for gale"; money in sight; $70; a ]
gpecial bargain/ . Inquire at Call office. •¦¦ '-
WANTED— Planing-mill ¦ manager. Address box (
- 3802, Call office. '. - - - . .-"¦ . v -.::•-
GET your shoes. half-soled while waiting; 25c 3
to 50c. 563 Mission st.,' bet. 1st and 2d sts..
WANTED— SCO men to buy xiew and 2d-hand i
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
HELP- WAXTEO- — THA1.V. fn-n.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
; riatlon, t foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
. nent positions. ' 127 Mason st. - -¦¦;¦¦'
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 130 largo
rooms; 25c per night: $l"to,$2 per week.'
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. :.
O. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
-WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; iree
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for Bale: 50c. 241 Third st. . L-
A BRANCH, of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
r»—^— — i— pww ¦¦— i—^^— — — —^—^— — — — — i—^m
JldKSES AJiD WAGONS.
40HORSES^for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every "Wednesday.
SULLIVAN 1 & DOYLE. ¦ Auctioneers. .
FOR sale— 2 horses, 2 wagons, good 'buggy and
harness and complete outfit for coal yard.
W. C. HAMERTON. 318 Twenty-ninth st.
$75 — PACER, buggy and harness; very gentle:
lady can ride or drive. 21 City Hall ¦ ave.
WANTED— Neat low-wheel buggy and light
; double harness; state price. Bos 3898. Call.
$22 50— GOOD pedler's wagon for sale. 3261 Fol-
« som.sjt. -.
40. "HEAD of. work and driving horses; 2 fast
: pacers. 721 Howard st. ...
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WKEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply, at 26 Montgom-
ery f-t.. room 25.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases — A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium.. 230 Douglas Ft., San Francisco.
A— PRINTED Hat houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$8— HO.USE of 3 rooms; large yard and cellar;
water free. 174 Hickory ave.
$11 — SUNNY house, 5 rooms; yard and base-
ment. Key at 2223 Geary st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Thursday afternoon; a black pocket-
book, containing large amount of small gold
and silver. Finder please return to 1304 Post
st. and receive a liberal reward.
LOST,— Diamond ring; 2 names Inscribed with
date; liberal reward. Inquire Call office.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
»end 10c for latest list. MRS.HERTZ, 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. '
31EDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; these who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator baa no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief far all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate 'cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay: consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' specialist; 28
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails j the moat obstinate cases relieved
¦without pain; best carer fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
Dr. and Mrs. Davies, 1228 Market: our regulator
tp a treatment that has brought health and
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. - DAVTES'
original method of treatment; maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market, S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Flllmora. •
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enzines, 2d-hand machinery, Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bara. mh-rors, restaurant and pq-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a larse stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ON acount of vacating present location and
moving to new works we offer for sale — for
removal — our present buildings, consisting of
machine shop, foundry and boiler ehop, with
traveling cranes. Risdon Iron Works. Beats
and. Howard sts.
THOSE fine large, soft fluffy comforts havo ar- ¦
rived from the East at the cut-price 75 cents
to $2 25 cheaper than we ever had them;
Cal. wool blankets, all kinds and colors, $3 ¦ '
to $12 pair. SMITH'S. 27 Market St.. 3rd floor.
GOLD medal cots lead all others In durability,
comfort, appearance; we have all kinds from :
a dollar or so to $3. At SMITH'S. 27 Market.
RUGS and art squares; you savo money on :
these every time if you are a cash buyer. At
SMITH'S. 27 Market st.
FOR sale (in 'good condition). $5 course In
hypnotism; 50 methods; it tells what to do
and how to do it; .$2 buys it; 2c stamps or
cash. Box 3811. Call. . :
Graphophonesy-Phonographs. Gramophones. JSto '
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 f0;2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very .
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary!
AIR cempresser, 3 sizes. 5, 10. 20 Etamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water uower. J. B. Jardlne, 220 Fremont.
BANK counter, 90 feet: cut up to suit: must ¦
sell before August 1. F. G. JONES. 1113 Web-
ster st., Oakland; phone Main 211.
A— BUYS, sells or rents sear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WIIITELAW, 218 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market St.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora h.?ts. $1 75. Popu- :
lar Price Hatters, 320 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINK suits. |10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — 37x52; 2-roller Campbell press: fine rendi-
tion. Address box 3925. Call office.
ABOUT 200 hc.mers for sale cheap; A No. 1
birds. P. O. box 53. San Mateo.
YACHT Catherine for sale: must be sold; owner
going East. Apply SUTTON, 1520 Mission st.
GASOLINE automobile, 100-mile capacity, with
top. Box .3845. Call. .
100,000 SECOND bricks at Mission and AnthonjT
sts., near Second, and 60G0 slates.
RUNTS, -white homers, squab breeders, Irish
setters; prices reas. 2041 Linden st.. Oakland.
J16 DOMESTIC sewing machine; 5 drawers; '
good order; complete. 1915 Mission, near lath.
GASOLINp: engines, all sizes, new and second- :
..-¦ hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st. " ¦
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.'" 1
BAR outfits, show cases; all lengths and sizes. !
J. SCKWEKDT. 821 Mission st.
WE pay b'.g prices for ladies' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sojd,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White._ 516 Mission. :
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
$G4 MAGIC lantern and movinz picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st. • ,"
SAFES— New and second hand. " THE ¦ HER-
MA.N SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and ' boilers: second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE, 133 Beale Bt. ,;..-;»•-.*
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay «cale: Jeweler* s« steel
lined. safe. '.perfect order. 216 California it.
Gasoline ¦ or distillate (jncinep. new & 2d-hand:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
A. WEEK'S newB.for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI" per year.
BIISCELIjAXCOTTS WAXTS.
GASOLINE engine, immediately; Vr» to4^h.p.;
must be in perfect working order. Write full
particulars P. LABOITCHERE-HILLYER;
40n Tcrk at. ¦
"WANTED— Carpenter tools and chest. Address
box SSSO. Call office. \_ ¦
WANTED— Hydraulic press: 2C0 tons. E. D.
. KEFF. Golden West Hotel.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical gooda. I'A 9th St.: tel. Fol3om g2J.
JIOAKY TO LOAX; _^
AA^aDtm?A r H : A35~LOAX~COMPANT.
$300,000 at s per cent in sums to suit. City <te
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loan.*
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
an- of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor.Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewtere.
R. JIcCOLGAN ••
24 Montgomery st., room 3
HERMAN MURPHT. 630 Market St., loans on
I first and second mortgages. Interests in es-
tates, undivided interests in real estate, lega-
cies, etc.; If your property is mortgaged and
you ne< d more money, see HERMAN MUR-
; PHY. 630 Mar!;et 3t. _j_
; A— MONET to loan at rates which peopla can
• afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will los»
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C6 Market st.
ANT proposition, any amount; S per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mtnlr.n
interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
, HIGHLT respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
, st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
J23,0C0 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country: see me before going elsewher*.
HARPER, 337 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private-
i party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
¦ ON furniture, pianos; no - removal: money
: quick: lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 63.
i MOST reliable place to borrow en diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
SIOCO: any security. 303 Montgomery at. r. 1
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81, S Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
J1C0.0CO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome Bt.. room i.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. 'j_
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indomer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MOXEY WANTED.
$700 "WANTED at 7 per cent: first mortgagee
city real estate. Box 3317, Call office.
WANTED— Loan of $40.0CO; secured by real
estate; money required to Improve property.
Address bos 3833. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. -
THE WILET B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market. S. F.
. (Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.)
"We sell the popular pianos of the day— Stec*.
Everett Packard, Conover, Hardman. Ludwlg,
Baldwin. Valley Gem, Smith & Barnes, Har-
rington, Kingsbury, Jewett and Straube.
You canr.ot afford to buy a, piano until yon
sea THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAT
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from dat» of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.. '
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. Fan Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A SURE indication that th« public Is appre-
ciative is the fact that our 20 and 30 per cent
reduction sale o£ pianos for July is such a
success. • ' ¦ • : -
Think of a $500 pla.no for $350. Such price*
¦were never ottered before. We sell for cash
or payments. THE ZENO MAUVAIS CO..
769 Market at.
A SURPRISE awaits all who are Interested In
the self-playing piano; the Cecilian Is the lat-
est and best; you are ' invited to our daily
concerts. BTRON MAUZT. 308 Post St..
Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co.,
Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester. Hamilton and
, Splelman pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim«
within 3 vears and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
• piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 10
OTarrell St.; established 18501
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curta*. 1
Sterling, $75. $125. $145. etc; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 OTarreU St..
Chickering, Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of gelf-playera. ¦
ALL makes; great .bargain; $30 up; rents $3
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free; you get first money when you aelL
HEINE PIANO CO.. ZthGeary st.
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano warerooms now per-
. manentiy located at 22 Turk St., near Junc-
I tlon Mason. Market & Turk: largest In city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sals of storaga piano*
at your own price; $8 Installments; no re-
serve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1703 Market st.
PIANOS $73 up; Hartman. $100; Chlckertn*.
$150; Nieuman. $150. W. C. HAMILTON, I
Flood building.
$2 SO RENTS a fine upright piano: a faw left!
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
BIO bargain in elegant standard upright
piano; party leaving. 513 Eddy, nr. Larkln.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher, $35;
Chickering, $1£5. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
GOOD second-band upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 18 McAllister st.
A SPLENDID Stelnway; uprights. $100: pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 20S Post »t.
$80— FINE upright: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAT'S Piano Factory. 1723 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for Fale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me-
Allist?r st. :
SUPERIOR violins, zithers.' old and new. H?
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A?ID STORES TO LET.
FOR the choicest double store In city for re-
tail trade address Owner, box 4434. Call.
LIGHT, cheerful offices; $15 and $20. Emma
Pnrt>ckeljt fcull<1'n«r. 927 Market at.
_____ Oil*.
COSTA RICA PETROLEUM & COAL CO.
We have Just received advices of the grant-
Ing of the concession to us by the Costa Rlcan
Government. We now own over 50.000 acres
of the finest oil and coal lands In the world:
came is also best tropical agricultural land:
the stock is as yet 10 cents per share, but upon
receipt of. the Government documents will im-
mediately be advanced to 25 cents. The stock
cannot fall to go to several dollars per shar*.
Call or send for prospectus to PACIFIC
STATES MINING & INVESTMENT CO.. 328
Post st.. San Francisco, Cal. Reference, the
Consulate of Costa Rica in San Francisco.
FOR saler-A lease en proven territory adjoin-
ing the San Joaquln, Co. Apply 474 Par-
rott bids. ' *
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nin»
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
POSITIVELY best 40 acres in Kern. $35CO per
acre. HAMILTON & CO.. 8 Flood bldg.
-OIL tanks, second hand. In good order: all
glzes: ch-ap. H. S. WTTttt:. S1< Mission nt.
PAINTERS A\D DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, rell-
- able work. Clark's, SOS Larkln: tel: Larkin 1060.
ROOMS papered from $3 50 up; .tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co>. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 3521.
> MKS. LAMB, scientmc pulmiac; head and fac»
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
U ?J E t» G F- RMAIXE - the business palmist of
the Pacific Ctfast: 1 to- 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER- wanted 1fa"a7r"oid^«nrbl£b«d~art
store: must be sober. Industrious and of un-
questioned integrity; amateur artist or
familiarity with kedae supplies preferred:
small capital required to the right party.
Address box 3S30. Call office.BEAL 3BSTATE TRANSACTIONS
Potrero Land and Improvement Company to
[ John Trounson, lot on N fine of Twenty-second
(Sierra) street/ 100 W of Indiana, W 50, N 100.
W 50, N 425, E 100, S 525; grant. --• •¦¦*.-- ¦¦¦
Real ' Estatoxand Development Company to
same,' lot on NB corner of . Twenty-second and
Iowa streets,^ E 50 by N 100; grant. • -
Fannie Seellg, Freda, - Josie and Bertha
Bloomlngdale and Hattle Kline to same, lot on
SE corner of Eighteenth and Indiana streets, S
400, E 200, N 350, W 100, N 50, W 100; ?10.
John Trounson to A. •„ H. Payson (trustee),
same; $10. ; " A ' » ..'
Elizabeth J. and.C. Frank Adams to John
Trounson, lot on NE corner of Eighteenth (So
lano) and Iowa streets, N 115, SE 69, SW. 105,
AV 35; also lot on SE corner of Eighteenth' and
Iowa streets, E 10, SW.to Iowa, N 30;- $10.'. -';
John Trounson to A. H. , Payson (trustee),
same (two pieces); $10. . . : > .
James and Catherine O'Donnell to same, lot
on E line of Mlnrresota street, 75 Nof Nine
teenth (Butte), N 25 by E 100; $10. ... .
Margaret Thompson to same, lot on E line. of
Minnesota street^ 100 S of Eighteenth (Solano),
S 25 by.E 100;;tl0. '. ¦,". \ ; - >. '
Peter and Annie. Ward to same,' lot on E line
of Minnesota street, 50 NiJt Nineteenth, N 25
by E 1C0; !10. • '.
Robert and Eliza Packham to same, lot on E
line of Minnesota street, 150 N of Nineteenth,
N 25 by E 100: $10.
Horace G. ' Platt to same, lot on E line of
Minnesota street, ICO S of Maripoaa, Sl (i E 80,
NE to Bradshaw's land, W to beginning;' $10.
i j Potrero Land and .Water Front Company to
same, lot on NW corner of Twenty-sixth (Yolo)
and Illinois streets, N 4C0 by W 200: $22.E0O. -.
James and Katherlne F. Dixon to same, lot
on E line of Minnesota street, 175 S of Eight
eenth, S 25-by E 100; $10. -' > . .,
• Pacific Improvement Company to same, lot
on SE corner of Marlposa and Iowa streets, S
2S5, SE 207:8, N325. \V 200; also lot on SE cor
ner of Marlposa and Minnesota streets, E 50, S
100, E 30, SW to a point, W.to Minnesota, N
125; $10. ' • • .: i ' ¦ '
¦ John O. and Belle B. Rcls to same, lot on SW
corner of Twentieth (Napa) and Minnesota
streets. .W 200 by S 416; also lot on SE corner
of Twentieth and Minnesota streets, E2C0 by
S 300; also lot on NE corner of Twentieth and
Minnesota streets, E 200. N 275, W 100, N 25, W
ICO. S 400; also lot on SE corner of 'Twentieth
and Tennessee streets, E 100 by S 15C; JiO.
Potrero .. Land . Improvement Comsany " to
same, let on W line of Indiana street. 300 N of
Twenty-second, N 200 by W 100; a!s>' lot on
W line of Indiana street, 175 N of Twenty
second, N 50 by W 100; also lot on <NW. corner
of Twenty-second' and-. Indiana streets, N; 100
by -W .]P0:-also lot on NE corner of Twenty
fcecond and Indiana streets, ,N 450, by e: 100;
James and Kate Flanagan to same." lot on'E
line of Minnesota street,- 100 N of Nineteenth,
N-B0 by E 100;. $10. » •¦ • . -• ' ¦ ' , -
George Merz, by L. F. PSeratt, guardian, to
John R.Aitken.. undivided V* 6t lot on E line
cf Buchanan street, SS N of Hayes. N 24 by E
SI :3: undivided % of ' lots, 81 and 32. block 52,
Railroad Avenue Homestead Association ; $1300.
Emma Livingston ¦ (wife of Frank) ito same,
lot on' N lino of Twentieth Htreet. 100 -W of.
Iowa, N 300.73, SW : to Pennsylvania, avenue,
S to Twentieth and E 100; also lot on' SE cor
ner of Twentieth street and | Pennsylvania: ave
nue E ICO'by S 27C.36;- also lot on Sl2 corner
of Twentieth and Iowa streets, :S 341, .E 100, S
25, - E 100, . N . 366, W 200 ; also j Potrero Nuevo
block 339v also -lot on SW corner of Eilhteenth
and Indiana streets, S 400. W 200, N»370, -NE
30, E 190: also -lot on NW corner of .Elg-hteenth
and Indiana streets, N 75. N"W 131. SW. 105, E
165: -also lot on NE corner N of Eighteenth and
Indiana streets, N280,.NE.to a point, E 100,
S 130, W ICO. S 150, W 100; also lot on SE cor
n»r of ' Nineteenth . and Indiana streets, % E ,200.
S 100, W 100, S 100, E 100. S 200, :"W* 200, N 100;
also lot ¦ on S line of Marlnosa, street. 50 : E
Of Minnesota."- E 50,; S SCO, W'SO. S 100, W 50,
N "275, " E 75, • NE 25, W 30/ N . 100; $10. . .
- John Trounson to same, lot on NE corner of
Twenty-second and Iowa streets, . N . 525 . by E
100; WO. ¦' - V :¦ ¦ ¦ - : ¦ '" • .
. • C. L. ¦' Rlker to Phoebe A. Willson, lot . on
E line of Fortieth avenue, 125 S of W street,
S ; 25 by : E:i20; J10.T-; ,'..''.¦'.¦ .
-Builders' Contracts.
Claiis Spreckels (owner) with L.-& E. Eman
uel .(contractors),: architects Reid Brothers-
Fitting : for ; office purposes of : third story ; of
building on' S -line of ¦ Market, street, between
Third and Fourth. W of and adjoining: Claus
.Spreckels building;' $2320. ¦¦•.,-• ¦ .. ¦¦ .
- S. , Klarenmeyer ¦> (owner) 'with . Petterson &
Persson.T (contractors); .. architects -William
Mooser • & s Son— Alterations ' and additions to
a thre«-Btory frame building/ on > W line of
Taylor street. 137:6 S of Ellis. S. 25 by W 80;
$2948. •:•?¦-.-. - -¦'>,=¦..¦- --,- ¦ • ¦' ¦ ¦' --' ¦-" •.
. C.* T. Sanders (owner) with A.'.H. Wllhelm
(contractor), architects, Havens '&. Toepke-iAlI
work except plumbing, .sewering;' gasfltting and
painting for two \ two-story "frame -dwellings,
with .brick ¦ foundation . on 'W -line -of .Jones
strect,:100 N Of Bush, N 37:6 by 137;6 ; $33SS.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
\f - Continued Erom Page Ten. - .-, I
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
- FRIDAY, July 19-2 p. ia.
. - UNITED STATES BONDS: .
-— - - ' .-. .¦- Bid:Ask.r:" * -.—-.- Bld.As*.
4s quar coup.. 113 113% '4s qr c (new).138%139
43 quar reg....ll3 113^'3s quar coup..l09 1C9H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ~ - "
Bay Co P C 5S.105V4 — Oceanic SS 53.10114102%
Cal-st rs. ,.".... 118 — Omnibus C 68.125 —
C C "Water os. 107H — Pac G Im» 4a. — 100
Ed'L & P 6s. 128^133'$ Pk & C H 6s.lO6 — :
Fer& Cl R6S.117V4— Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s:... — — Powll-st R 6a.l20 — "
H-C & S 5%s.lO6% — ¦ Sac E G R 5a. — . —
. Do' 5s........ — 102%S S F & SJV 6S.120 . —
Los Ang R 5S.115& — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
LA Lizht 6s. — 102 S P of C 6s
Do en td 69.. ICO — (1909). ..111%—.
¦• Do gntd 6s.. 103 — (1910) 112%113Vi
LA&PacBs.l01 102% S P of. C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s.lO2% — - (1905), Sfer A.IOSHICS^
Mkt-st Cab 5s.l25% — (1905), Ser B.109%110Vi
Do 1 c m 5s. 123^124% (1906) ..*..... 112^4114 .
Ney C N G 7s.lO5 114 (1912) ¦..,..... 120*4 —
Nor R Cal 6s.lll% — S P of Cal 1st * . ¦
Do fs........J19 — cp gntd 5S...107 — !
Nor Pac C 6s.l00}4 — S P Br Cal 6S.136 ", — F
Do 5s. ..105%106tt S V. Water 6s.U4 -r- "•:
Nor R Cal Bs..llO 113 Do 4s......... 103^103^
Oak Gas 5S....112H — ' Do Is 3d'im..l01% —
•Do Trans 6s.U6%117% Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do. "Water 5s. 102 .103 J ; ¦ : .
WATER STOCKS, j
Contra Costa.. 78% 80 I Spring Valley. 86% 87H
Marin County. 50 — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P... 4 — Pacific Light.. 45 47%
Equitable ...... 5 6Va Sacramento .. — —
Mutual ..;...... '4% — S F G & E.'.... 43% —
Oakland ....... fO% 51 . San Francisco.' 4^4 4*i
Pas Gaa Imp.. 43V4 44^4 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
. . - : - INSURANCE. . .
Firem's Fund^ — "247 I
. - : "'. ¦ .'¦': ¦ BANKS.- " : ' i
Anglo-Cal . , . . 77% — | h P & A ..... ..150 — "
California ...".404 406VJ Mer Ex (liq)... 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.:107i/4 — S F NatlonalJ27H —
First- National. 305 —^ [ ¦ : - . -.
' . SAVINGS BANKS.
German": 1S701925; Sav & Loan.. — > —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 : —
Mutual 50 — Union TrUst.'.160O —
San Francisco 517H325 : -
STREET RAILROADS. ¦
California 130 131 fo S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 ITesidlo \. 33 -
Market 74—1 :
* - POWDER./
Giant '. — 75 ........ I '3%
/ . SUGAR.
Hana .1........ 6*i 7 Kllauea ....... 17 17Vi
Hawaiian .....50 — Makaweli — 34%
Honokaa .. 17% 17H Onomea 21% 22%
Hutchinson ... 17%— Paauhaa : 23% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l30%131V5|Oceanlc SCo.. 4Wt -
Oil Kiui- Can. 9S 9& Pac Aux F Ai 2 —
Cal Wine'^tn. 99%101 Pac O Horax..lC5 —
Merchats* Ex. 110 . — » j Par Paint...... IS—
* Morning Session. ¦ ,'¦ - ¦ i
Board— . ,
¦ 5 Alaska Packers' Assn...'. .....130 50
. 5 Giant Powder Con .....:.. 75 00
•50 Hana Plantation Co 6 50'
100 Honokaa S Co .....: ...17 62%
50 Honokaa S Co 17 50
23 Honokaa S Co. cash...L....... ;.. 17 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 17 75
15 Pacific Gas Imp .'.'.., ; 43 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 23
95 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 09
8 S F Gas & Electric Co....:, 43 75 :
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 50
65 S F Gas & Electric Co. .44 25
25 S F Gas & ElectricCo, s 90 ..44 50
50 S F'Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 87%
' . Street- " '
$2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds....... 106 00
70 Oakland Gas ......'. 51 00
. :* Afternoon. Session. -_•; . - .
, ¦ ' Board— ' ; ¦
160 Honokaa' Co •'.' 17 37%
15 Market Street Railway 74 25
5 Market Street Railway '.: 74 75
59 Onomea Sugar Co ...'.. ........... 22 00
5y6ceanic S S Co 1 .50 00
- 25 Paauhau S P Co ....".....:... 24 00
50 Paauhau S P Co : 23 73 :
20 Pacific Coast Borax 165 00
55 S F Gas & Electric Co... ....: 43 87%
$1000 S P of A bonds (1910) .: 113 00
2 Spring Valley Water ., 86 25
: • Street— ' ' ' - *
300 Equitable Gas ..."...;..... 5 00
' . PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. '
Board— r - .
2050 Junction 10
50 Junction 0$
1C0 Occidental of W VA.... 42
15 Peerless '. .....'. 4 95
- 50 Peerless, b 60........................... 5 12%
700 Petroleum Center 02
450 Sovereign ; .30
75SterHng ..-........'. ......:. 1 30 -
75 Sterling, b 10 125
,• , Afternoon Session. - : ¦
; ¦ Board— - . ' . ,' '
200 Home ......:...<".'.,:...":...: — *...„.:.. 200
300 Monarch of Arizona ........" .....' 21'
ICO Monarch of Arizona, s 90.. «... 19'
lino Oil City Petroleum 25
5C0 Peerless, b 90 - 5 25
500 Petroleum Center . 02
500 Petroleum Centar ..: 03
500 Reed --Crude ............ 33
4G0 Sterling 1 25
SAN FRANCISCO . OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning .. Session.
Board— '
1000 Lion 08
2000 Petroleum Center, s 10 ' 03
- ¦ Afternoon Session. . •
•.'-¦ ¦ Board— - >¦ -
500 Lion 09
600 Occidental of W-Va 45
25 Peerless 4 95
EGO Sterling '. 123
, - . MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: t
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 09 500 Mexican ....... -14
700 Best & Belcher 17 100 Occidental 04
50 Con Cal & Va.2 CO 600 Ophir : C5
¦^ 500 Hale & Norcrs 21 100 Union Con .... 13
Afternoon Session. .
500 Alpha 03 200 Mexican :....../ 13
. 800. Belcher :.. 10 &00 Ophir 68
250 ConHdence 03 500 Overman ..17
100 Confidence 57 500 Overman ...... 16
100 Confidence — 1 00 500 Savage ........ 07
100 Crown Point... 11 300 Union Con ... 12
500 Justice ......... 01 $00 Yellow Jacket.. IS
The following were the sales In the- Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: - -~ ; -
-' . " ¦ ' .Morning Session. "¦ • ¦' • ¦
500 Belcher .:..'.... 09 200 Crown Point... 09
100 Best & Belcher 17 400 Crown Point...^10
100- Best & Belcher 18 200 Gould & Curry 13'
300 Caledonia ..... 38 150 Hale & Norcrs 31
100 Challenge Con. 23 400 Mexican ....... 14
40& Challenge Con. 24 1400 Ophir 65 |
. ICO Con Cal'& Va.2 00 600 Overman ' lfi
1500 Con Cal & Vi.l 93 700 Sierra Nevada. IS
200 Con Cal & V.I 97% 3400 Yellow Jacket.' 11
100 Confidence .... 31 3C0 Yellow Jacket. 17
800 Confidence .931 .:..¦!; ; :
.-".-:¦ Afternoon Session.
230 Belcher . ....09 100 Confidence ..1 0ZM
250 Belcher ........ 10 300 Crown Point... 19
50 Caledonia 37 500 Crown Point... 11
200 Challenge Con. 24 200 Mexican 14
1000 Challenge Con. 2T> 1000 Ophir 65
200 Challenge Con. 2fi 200 Ophir ..... .64
200 Challenge Con. 27 1000 Overman '.. .17
150 Con Cal & Va.l 93 1000 Overman ...... 15
100 Confidence :..".. 98 500 Union Con ...'.' 13
200 Confidence ....1 00 1 1500 Yellow Jacket. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
- . . FRIDAY, July 19-4 p. m.
.. - .. Bid.Ask. . Bld.A3k.
Alpha '.'. 02 04 Justice 01 02
A.lta ..04; 06 Kentuck ....... 01 03
Andes OS 04 Lady Wash ', 01 . —
Belcher.. - M 10 Mexican ....... 12 " 14
Best fc-Belchef 17 19 Occidental ..... ft? 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophir ;. 66: . 67
Caledonia 39 . 41 Potosl . % .....j... 05 , OS
Challenge Con. 28 30 Savage 06 . 07
'Chollar . ;.. • 06 07 Scorpion ' — =04 ,
Confidence .:..l 00 1 W Seg Belcher.... — 02
Con Cal&'Vtt.l 9<X19SfSierra Nevada. 16 —17 ,
Con- Imperial.. 01 02, Silver Hill 27 29 '
Con New York. 01 S 02 Rt .Louis 06 —
Crown Point... .10 11 Standard- — 3 65
F.ureka Con .. 06 '— Syndicate ! 05 07
Exchequer ..:. — 02 Union Con .... 12 .13
Hould & Curry 12 13 Utah ........... 01 O?
Hale & Norcrs 23 24 Yellow Jacket. 13 V>
Julia .¦¦¦....¦.. — 02 :¦ ¦ ' -. - '¦¦:-.'
i ..... .. ~~. I ...... ."' ¦¦..¦• ¦ ! •. - .
FAMILY RETAIL: MARKET.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs remain as they
were last ..week, though the tendency In But
ter . is toward higher prices, as supplies arc
getting lighter. . ...
Meats are very firm and the wholesalers are
talklnsr of another advance In Hams and Ba
con. Poultry Is in good supply and cheap.'
Fruits and Vegetables show .little change.
Grapes and -Melons -continue In tight supply
and dear. • Currantssare almost gone. Good
Peaches and Plums are not. as ulentlful as
usual this year, and the best lots find, quick
sale for shipment out of town.
Coal, per ton — /
Cannel .....$ @12 OOjSouthfleld ' • "•
Wellington.. @U 00 . Wellington J @11 00
Seattle 9 0O@ (Coos Bay.... — ®7M
' Dairy Produce, etc. — "
Butter, choice. sq.40@45' Ranch Eggs', ner
Do, Kood 30^35) dozen 20@K
Cheese, Cal 12®15'Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern. .17020 pound ' 13@:0
Cheesa, Swiss s ...20®33 Do. extracted... 8@10
Common Eggs.. 15@17*4
Poultry and Game—
Hens, each 50®60 r Turkeys. per lb..l7©20
Young Roosters. Ducks, each 40@:o
each » .W®73 Geese, each.. 41 25@1 50
Old Roosters, ea..«kg50 Pigeons, pair 40@5d
Fryers, each 4O@5O Rabbits. palr.T....4O®—
Broilers, each 30@40 Hare, each — <#»
Meats, per 1b— ~ •
Bacon ,.1S@1S Round Steak 10@—
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak.. ..12^©-
Do, good 10®— Tenderloin do.....tf@—
Corned Beef.;.....10©— Porterhouse do..l7H@20
Ham 15<g>17 Smoked Beef 20®—
Lard — @15 Pork, salt imi2Y 3
Mutton ;.....— ©12 Pork. Chops 15@1S
Lamb ..12@— Pork Sausages..l2is«l5
Pork, fresh la®— Veal 12@ —
Fruits and Nuts—
Allleator Pears. ' Logan Berries,
per doz $3@5 per drawer .....40@30
Apricots, per lb.. 4rg> 5 Nectarines 5@ 8
Almonds ....15®20 Nutmeg .Melons,
Apples ....- 4@ « each 5@10
Bananas, doz 13@25 Peaches, per lb... &® 6
Blackberries dwr.30@40| Pears. ¦ lb.. 3ig> S
Cantaloupes, ea... 15030 Plums, lb 3@ 5
Crab Apples....... 4@ 6 Pineapples, each..25<f3j
Currants, box. 85@— Raspberries. dwr.30@4O
Figs, per lb..\....15@K!Raisins. per lb... 5@15
Grapes, per lb-...10<S15 Strawberries. pep-
Oranges, dos .....25@5O drawer ....25®»0
Limes, per doz... 10^15 Walnuts, per lb..l5#20
Lemons, doz...... 20Cx-5| Watermelons, ea..2J@4O
Vesetables
Asparagus, per lb. S@15; Leeks, doz bnch3.ir.@20
Artichokes, doz...25@50 Okra. green, lb... 2^(^35
Beets, doz 10@— Green Peppers, lb.lP?i2O
Beans, white,- lb.. 6#— Potatoes, ner \b.ZM§—
Colored, ner lb. S©— Sweet Potatoes, lb 3#—
Dried Lima, lb.. &0> 8 Parsnips, per dz.lOiR—
Green Lima 10(f» — (Radishes, dz bch3.15@^0
Cabbage, each.... 5@ — i&'asre, doz bnchs. . 25@3O
Cauliflowers, each 5^— j String Beans, lb.. 4@ &
Celery, head 5#— Summer Squash, :
Cress, doz bnchs.la«20| per lb ' 4^ 5
Cucumb«T3. doz.:. 10^20 Sprouts, -per lb....— ® —
Egg Plant, lb &§>!<), Fr>inach, per lb... 5@ —
Green Peas. lb.... 3@ ojThyme, doz bchs.25<3?30
Green Corn. dos.. 15*820! Turnips, per doz..lOS—
Lettuce, ?er doz.,15® 20; Tomatoes, per lb. 5@ 3
Onions, per lb.... 1@ 31
Flan—
Baracuda ....... 12U0— Striped Bass W?&1Z
Carp — #— Sea Bars 15<S—
Catfish... ....10@— Smelts 15@—
Codfish I..... 12<a« Soles 10©—
Flounders 8(010 Skates, each 8@10
Halibut 8@12i4 Squid 12%@—
Herring .i.. ....... — SJ— > Tomcod 8<fi—
Mackerel 15@— Turbot 15,tj'2O
Do horse .". 10@— Trout ,.20@2a
Perch — #— Whiteflsh ..."...,..10®—,
Pompino 75® — Clams, gallon 50@ —
Rockflsh .U<d— Do. hardshell lb 8«W
Rock Cod 15@— Crabs, each ......15®2O
Salmon, fresh..... 20@2T. Mussels, quart.... 3<310
Do, smoked ....IZtfW) Oysters. Cal. 10O..4fliS5O
Shrimps .— @ — ! Do, Eastern, dz.23@io
Shad .' 6@ 81 ' -¦ ¦ ¦ .
THE SAN FRANGISGO :CALL, SATURDAY, JIJLY:, 20, 190,1.
13
personals.
LADIES and GENTLEMEN— YOU are ln-
vited to the parlors of the BOHEMIAN DER-
MATOLOGY. 131 Post. R. 3. for your sham-
poo, 25c; GRAY hair restored. HAIR grown
on bald heads. PIMPLES, freckles, facial
blemishes removed; figures . trained; IM-
PORTED French preparations used exclu'ly.
«3— GOLD SPECTACLES for $3; honestly worth
$10; we want you for a customer, hence this
reduction. No matter what your eye defect Is
vc CORRECT It and give you glasses in a.
gold frame for $3.- ORIENT OPTICAL CO..
719 Market 6t.. San Francisco. Cal.
A — EPWOBTH Leaguers" downtown meeting
place at the Bon-Ton at S!4 Post St., near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dainty tea eerved every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, hairdreesing or
baths. 25c All visitors welcome.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary et., and you
trill not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
- ti'vly guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send Sot circular.
EXPERIENCED nurse will give massage and
alcohol baths to lady patients at their homes;
cure headache in 3 minutes. The Almonte.
1 Fifth st., room 39. ---
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et., near Market: 700 rooms;
i'Ec to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, 115 up: Sne dresc suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 ap. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market ft. between Seventh and -Eighth.
ANYONE knowing any inf ormation ¦ of JOHN
RIEF please communicate with MISS
LAURA RIEF. 104 Grove Bt.
INFORMATION as to whereabouts of R F.
VOSS. Address WM. H. VOSS. Hotel Lang-
ham, city. / *
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
HARRY — I am lonesome; been thinking of you
all day. JOSIE.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 836 Mission Bt.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. E13 McAllister Et.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
balr to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. X119 Butter gt.
TAILOR made cuits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, oor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious Etones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. S17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR: LAMOTTETS French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS A\D SCRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR." WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay Ft.: cee testimonials at office.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
tnldst; many who have Buffered 20 to 30 years;
over SO names of prominent • business men
tent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Call
office. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE— CITi— FOR SALE.
REAlTEiTATE FOR SALE
BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents.
6 Montgomery st.
HOUSES AND LOTS. AND LOTS NORTH
OF MARKET AND EA6T OF LARKIN.
Bush 6t-. near Leavenworth; 30x137:6. with
well-built residence; can easily and at reason-
able expense be changed Into flats; 1 11, 000.
Elegant corner residence; ! 137:6x137:6: very
fine view on west, couth and east; surrounded
by very solid wall; one of the cheapest prop-
erties in the city; one block from Hyde-st.
cars; - $25,000.
Montgomery-st- comer, near Clay; 37:6x137:6,
with eolid S-story brick building; rents $190,
vacant ?50. total $240; 535,000.
Lot . northwest corner Leavenworth: 137:6 ft.
front; suitable for bouses or flats; $17,000.
Corner Jonee et., near 'Washington; 50,-75 or
100x137:6; cheap. • ,
Taylor-st investment, near Post; 40-foot
front: rents J107 60.
Fifty- vara. cor. Pine; fine location for flats.
Fine location on Nob Hill; lot Is £2:6x60. and
house; very cheap.
Beautiful home on a northeast corner, 70x
137:6, for $40,000. .
Pacifle-«t. flats, near Taylor; rents $27: al-
ways rented ; $3000.
O'Farrell -Bt. lot. near Hyde, with 2-story and
basement building; rent $40; $8000. '
Corner Larkin and Francisco; 60- vara; Lar-
kln st. graded; $7500.
On Montgomery St.; S-etory brick building;
E0:9xl37:«; $15,000.
Jones et-. near Chestnut; J-etory In flats;
53600.
$3000; 31:£x60; near Powell and Clay, on "Wet-
xnore place: cottage, 6 rooms.
Stockton et.; 66x130; rents $150: cheap.
Bay et.; 2-etory house; 23:6x137:6; $2000; near
Hyde Bt.
Tenement bouse on Midway st; rents $33 a
mocth; $2600.
Sutter-st. Investment; 22:6 feet front: 8-
etory brick building with basement and eleva-
tor; rents $200.
Corner Francisco and Powell; .50x87:6; rents
$26; only $5000. .
CHEAP HOMES. '. ¦
New Sunny Houses.
$590 Cash, Balance Monthly. "
Only 20 minutes' ride from New City Hall.
Cottage, 6 rooms and bath $2250
Lot es ft. front
Cottage, 6 rooms and bath $2500
Corner lot. 65x60.
Hooee, t rooms and bath .....{2900
Corner lot. 40x85.
Choice location. Market-st. extension, be-
tween ISth and 19th sts.
Particulars HOOKER & LENT.
' . 14 Post at.
$6500— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built,
finished by day work; every possible latest im-
provement; heaters, registers, € basins, plate
end art glass windows; marine & park view;
the choicest of any near panhandle; large lot
26:6x100; Fulton St.. nr. Shrader: Hayes or
McAllister st. cars; -open from 11 to 4:30.
FOR sale — A beautiful residence epot In warm
belt of Mission ; 3549 17th st, bet Guerrero
and Dolores; lot 77x109: cottage of 7 rooms; 1
block from old Mission Church. Apply to DR.
T. B. PEARCE. dentist, owner, 18 Third Bt
$W00— MAKE offer; nice home of 6 rooms and
bath In best portion of Paciflc Heights; lot 23x
327 :S%; no agents. Address box 3S89, Call.
WANTED— Old buildings to be removed, build-
ing material any description. Dolan Building
Supply Co.. 1611 Market: tel. Howard 2436.
COTTAGE for sale: new; 5 rooms; latest Im-
provements. - 310 Jersey st; price $2250.
BLEQANT flats California st. for sale; or ex-
chapge for Oakland property. Box 3997. Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Cell, lfi pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
REAL ESTATE COCJfTRY For Sale
$5000—26 ACRES; fine paying home In Calietoga;
9 acres In fruit; 40 tons prunes raised last
year; soil black, loam; abundance of good
water: good house, 8 rooms and bath; wlnd-
xnlll and tank; barn full of hay; fruit house.
Fhop, etc. ; fruit trays, grader, etc; two
hcrses: Jersey cow; chickens, etc. For further
particulars address box 96, Calistoga, Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, SCO to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Ootati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Fan Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctatl Co.. 3C2 California st, for pam-
phlets or information.
l'OULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. R.-WIKFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
rtois Large new modern dwelling
near station; 8 acres with trees and garden:
for eale or teaie. JAMES TUNSTEAD, San
Ans^lmo.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A FINE residence In Ean Jose to exchange for
city property. Call on C. C. SMITH, 630 Mar-
ket.' San Francisco.
HATODSADVERTISEMJTS
HATWAKDS REAL ESTATE.
EPECIa1TbaMAIN8— Haywards Property.
7 acres, l acre fruit, 1 acre vines; good housa,
5 rooms, bath, .pantry, hot and cold water;
¦well, windmill and tank; barn, chicken-
houses; about 800 chickens; 2 Incubators; 4
brooders; brooder-house; horse; buggy: buck-
board; kitchen stove connected with hot
water boiler; parlor stove; 15 minutes' walk
to elffetrl" road: must be seen to be appre-
ciated: improvements worth the money asked;
price P. WTLBERT. Haywards, Cal.
H^i ACRES fin« valley Und, half In fruit;
bouse; barn; chicken- house; well; price $4000.
P. WILBERT.- Haywards. Cal. ./ .
2 ACRES; hard-finished house, 4 rooms; barn;
chickcn-hocs«?s; well; some fruit; price $1500.
P. WILEERT, Haywards, Cal.
10 ACHES; good house; barn: well, windmill
and tank: eeveral acres fruit; price $3500. -j P.
WIZ.3ERT, HaywarOB, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
1650-COTTAGE of * rooms; lot 23xlOS~
$750-Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
J1030-Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x107. '
$1100— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25x150.
$1200— Cottage of 5 rooms ; lot 25x150. •
$1500— Store and flat; lot-2Sxl50. ,
$2000— Cottage of 7 rooms; lot 8Sx70.
$1900— 2-etory house, 7 rooms; windmill, etc.;
lot 60x150.
Modern 7, S and 9 room houses, from $3000 to
$sooo. -
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New Zealand, London Assurance,
British America and Citizens* Insurance com-
panies. ¦*; CHARLES ADAMS & CO., • I
Bay Station, Alameda.
CHOICE BARGAINS In Unimproved Lots.
$600— Lot 25x150; near Morton-st. station.
J650— Lot 50x140; on Broadway, near Park-st
station. )•*
" $1000— Lot 60x120; near Morton-st. station. '
J1C0O— Lot 50x150; Pacific ave.. near "Willow-st.
station. • - - ._. '
J1100— Lot 50x150; Buena Vista ave. and Wal-
nut eL • ' • '
11000-Corner 50x140; Everett st., near Park-st.
station.
$1500— Lot 60x132: near Grand st. "and Cen-
tral ave. CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
Reliable Real Estate Agents.
J750 House of 4 rooms; lot 62 by 125;, near
• station and schools.
$1,000— Modern 4-room cottage;- near station.
$1,600— Modern 5-room cottage; beautifully, lo-
cated. • ¦
$1,650— 5-room modern cottage; centrally lo-
cated. • ¦ . .
12,800 — Modern 8-room house; nicely situated.
$3,500— Modern 8-room house; San ' Jose ave.;
near Chestnut st. ;
$10,000— Fine modern 12-room • house^ almost
new: stable; large grounds.
All of the above can be purchased on easy
terms. ~f; . ¦¦'
Lots In all locations. .
• HOUSES RENTED. :
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
2326 Santa Clara Ave..
Alameda.
Phone Psru 1023. ¦ ,v<" ; iV-.'- .
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA and Frultvale bargains for invest-
ore and house-seekers on easy terms or. ex-
chauge for city -or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN. ¦
One of the finest residences In the city; 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished In oak. blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine: highly decorated; lot 85x170 feet.
-S- SPECIAL. .
Two modern cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
near stalon; JlSOO.
. A. R. DENKE,
Webster-st. Station. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 7-room, 2-story colonial- house; large
rooms; fine mantel: electric fixtures; porce-
lain bath. laundry tubs; all fine open plumb-
Ing; right up to date; only 2 minutes to R.
R. station; lot 40x100; price $2400. For terms
call on J. R. PERKINS, Lorln station,
Berkeley. , \ .
CALL and see the 2 new 5-room cottages I
am building; high basement; mantel; all. the
latest plumbing; welL tank and windmill;
10 minutes to R. R. station; price only $1400;
$100 cash; balance on. easy payments. J." R.
PERKINS. Lorin station. Berkeley.
FINE, new,' up-to-date 8-room, 2-story colonial
house, porcelain bath, electric. fixtures, man-
tel; a. nne, convenient home- for i somebody;
price $2500 for cash, or will exchange for
country or San Francisco property. ¦ J. R.
PERKINS. Lorln station, Berkeley, formerly
Oellerich & Perkins. -
OAKLAND ADYFlTISEMENTi
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKD REAL ESTATE.
NEW HOMES '- "*"~ ™*
On Telegraph avenue.
Just Completed.' • ¦
Entirely Modern.
8 rooms, bath and laundry; front and back
stairs; nickel-plated plumbing; mantels, gas
fixtures, lawn, cement walks, - etc. ; lot 31x100;
all four of a different architecture. ¦ - • -
A. J. SNTDER,-
Real Estate, •
¦ 487 Ninth St.. Oakland.
$1600— COZY, modern Eastlake cottage of 5
rooms, . bath. ' hall, high basement, laundry,
brick foundation, double parlors, etc. (all In
. good condition);- rtreet-work all done; stone
walks laid; 1 block off San Pablo ave.; handy
to narrow-gauge station: sunny. frontage; now
well rented;, bargain for a quick cash sale,
but terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
t ' : :S~' 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scbellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY, 410-412— The most elegantly fur^
nished sunny rooms in locality; single and
housekeeping; rents reasonable; first-class at-
tention. . - .
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
- Elngle.
GEARY, 408— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20. . .
HOWARD, 720, nr. 3d— A front single room;
also housekeeping rooms; reasonable. ,
MCALLISTER, 2000, corner Central ave— 2 sun-
ny rooms furnished foqr housekeeping: sink;
$10; also 2 housekeeping rooms. $7 per mo.
OCTAVIA. 1403,. corner Geary— Bay-window
room and kitchen; other eunny rooms; day,
week or month. ¦
POLK, 10C2— 3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $13 up; reference.
POLK, 1620— Three sunny furnished rooms,
with coal stove, yard.
POST, 827 — Two rooms with modern conveni-
ence complete for housekeeping.
POWELL, 911%— Unfurnished or partly; 1 to 4
rooms; kitchen; range; modern imp.; $5 to $12.
POWELL. 1401— Large sunny front, suitable for
housekeeping; also suite; gas and bath.'
STOCKTON. 1307— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
THE BELL. 1773 Market— Sunny suites for
housekeeping, $10 up; singles, $6 up. ,-•--
TWELFTH, 120—2 nicely I furnished | sunny
housekeeping rooms; select locality; private
family. - - .- • '
TWENTY-THIRD. 3728. nr. „ Dolores— 3 ¦ eunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.: •
WILLOW ave.. 10, off Larkln. near Eddy— 2
rooms furnished for gen, hskpg; no children.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1031
Valencia et. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements! and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fiilmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave— Best" $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, EOc up; meals. 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms ; open all night.
ALABAMA, 1220A— Large sunny "front room
furnished or unfurnished, in nice flat; refs.-
ARLINGTON House, 112 Kearny St.— Pleasant,
sunny rooms. ¦ , -
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsbed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mas-on— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable. ' /
FOLSOM, 620— Unfurnished, 23x23, on first floor;
five eunny windows
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 week and up.
$1 10 A WEEK— Sunny furnished room, closet;
bath: also front room, $1 20 a week; private.
.834 Foleom st. ¦ ..-' . . ¦ ¦ ' ¦
GEARY, 1012— One sunny furnished room with
use of -telephone. : " '
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
«t-, near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
EOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-Bt. cable cars to Turk gt. .
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
I questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city; cteam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 2331.
JESSIE. K3, near Fifth and Market— 2 fur-
nlshed connecting rooms; suitable 3 persons.
KEARNY, 84, and 47 Post— Offlces or lunny
furnished roomg; en suite or single. ¦ . '
LAGUNA, US1— Nice elegantly furnished large
rooms. ¦¦ - ,~- •• ''¦'•;
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
¦ nlshed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
2 LARGE eunny unfur. rms. for housekpgr; SE.
cor. Mkt. and 8th sts. Apply dentist's office.
MASON, 603— Handsome suite; - also "single
rooms; very reasonable; centrally located, y
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Elegant , suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
ROOMS TO : : LET— Fnrn. and TJnfnrnl
O'FARRELL, 20-^-Sunny "furnished rooms '} and
offlces; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front; suite
- and single rooms, tZ week up; transient. '
POWELL, 207 . (changed hands)-Nlccly fur-'
¦ nlshed rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
POWELL. 417— Newly furnished rooms; house-
keeping if desired. -..'¦_-
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis-Incandescent light;
Teading-room, smoking-room and ladtes' par-
lor; rooms, per night, S5o to $1 50; week, $2 to
JS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground' floor;
rooms with hot and cold-water; baths. ,.«
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S ; Eighth st.,
. near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. • ;.
SHIPLEY. 249— Sunny furnished rooms; private
family; for gentleman or- lady. ..
SIXTEENTH-; 3025, 'near Mission— Double and
single rooms for. gentlemen; bath; gas; run-
nlng /water. ¦
STOCKTON. . 332— Nice sunny clean . suites and
rms.; run." water; baths; phone; cheap.
TURK, 543— Clean, quiet room on parlor floor;
'bath and gas; UO per month. '• •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
recej-t ed at Call branch office, 2200 Fiilmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions ha's been established at .1093
Valencia st. • .'
ROOMS AND BOARD.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner In
Oakland; unsurpassed family tab'e, 25c- per
meal; ?4 per week; every . accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor. ( Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland.
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
HARRISON.- 570 (Rincon Hill)— $3 50 week to
right parties; American family.- ¦ . ;-.
BEULAH, 135— Sunny rooms, \ with or j without
.- board, in artistically furnished home, hr. park.
ELLIS. 1127 — Nicely furnished alcove room; sun'
all day; water; private family; board optional.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
• front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
THE Victor. 1006 Pine?— New management; thor-
oughly renovated; gunny suites with board.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter-Newly furnished;.
excellent table; special rates to tourists. ¦ *
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single ; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— By 2 young ladles, room andTboard
In private •family: convenient to business dls-
trlct. Box <382. Call. :
ROOMS ' WANTED,
COUPLE without children want 4 unfurnished
rooms, not to exceed $20. Box 3885, Call.
TWO unfurnished rooms, with board, quiet
house, for an old lady. Box 3893, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' .- Directory Orphan Asylum give*
notice that the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned children, also found-
lings, have been received in the orphanage
l from December 31, 1900. to June 30. 1901:
V Charles Dragler. 7yrg. 6.moB. ; Henry Drag-
- ler. 5 yrs. 6 mos. ; Antony Marino, S days;-
Mary 7 yrs., . Margaretta 7 -yrs. and Joseph
Olsen 3 yrs.; Catherine Gibbons, 5 yrs. 1 mo.;
Catherine 9 yrs. 8 mos.. Anna 7 yrs. and
Henry Mennors 3 yrs. 6 mos. ; Virginia Klrby,
.. 6 yrs. 7 mos. ; Rose 5 yrs and Lewis Passolot
1 3 yrs. S mos. ; Banodlno Bartona, 3 yrs. - 3
mos. ; Louis Drextl, 5 yrs. 5 mos. ; Martin
Samuels. 8 yrs.; Ida* Woldloff, 6 yrs.;' Cliff
Kuntz, 2 yrs. 1 mo. : Harry Russ, 5 yrs. ; Mary
7 yrs. 1 mo. and Bernice McClelland 5 yrs.
10 mos. ; George McKann. 5 yrs. 7 mos. ; "Ada
7 yrs. 4 mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs. ; John
Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. and
Evalyn Kessler S yrs. 10 mos. ; Lucy 5 yrs.
10 mos. and Lizzie Glovanina 4 yrs. 6 mos.;
Edith Doland, 9 yrs. ;- Magdallna 5 yrs. 11
mos. and Fulton -Vannlci 4 yrs.: John d'Arsy,
5 yrs. 1 mo.; Mlra 10 yrs.. Ernest 8 yrs.,
Josle 9 yrs., Eleanora 5 yrs. and Katherine
Glanetti 1 yr. 10 mos.: Mary Smith. 8 yrs. 6
mos.; Gertrude 3 yrs. 7 mos. and John Daley
2 yrs. 11 mos.; Gertrude 6 yrs. 11 mos. and
; Mary Sullivan 3 yrs. ; Irene 10 yrs. 10 mos.
and Raymond Doland 2 yrs. 11 mos.; Albert
8 yrs. .6 mos., Gordon 1 yr. 6 mos:, Kenth 4
yrs. 10 mos. and Constance Heanery 6 yrs. 8
. mos.; Katherine 4 yrs. and Edward Elatten
3 yrs. ; Ellenor Edwards, 4 yrs. ; Olander Mur-
rey, 3 j*rs. ;¦ Edward 3 yrs. 11 mos., Lewis 2
yrs. and Bertha Kavanagh 6 yrs. 5 mos. ;
El enore Brady, 12 yrs.; Iona 7 yrs. and Mary.
Gladwin-3 yrs. 7 mos.; Mary 10 yrs. - 8 mos.,
' Frederick 3 yrs. 3 mos.' and Bertha Louis 4
yr«. 10 mos.: Dante Tarraborl, 6 yrs. 3 mos.:
Katherlne ! Kalhl, 3 yrs. 1 mo. ; Gertrude 5
yrs. 10 mos. and Francis Kelley 2 yrs. 11
mos. ; Mariana Purdee. 5 yrs. 10 mos.: John
6 yrs. '8 mos. and Catherine Matthews 4 yrs.
2 mos.; Margarlte Kalsar. 8 yrs. 10 moa.* . .-"
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been received at the asy-
lum on Haight st. from January 1, 1901, to
July 1. 1901: Angelina Willet, 7 yrs.; Delia
"Willet, 2 yrs. 10 moa.; Emma L. Henniger,
4 yrs. 3 mos. ; Annie Kenyon, 9 yrs. ; Rachel
Kenyon, 6 yrs. ; Minnie Iverson, : 12 yrs. 10
mos. ; James Farley. 7 yrs. 7 mos. : ¦ Raymond
Francis, 6 yrs. 4 mos.; Herbert E. Francis,
5 yrs. 9 mos.; Martin Kvalvig, 11 yrs. 1 mo.;
Albert Lake. 7 yrs. ; Harry Lake, 4 yrs. ; Clar-
ence Stephenson. 7 yrs.; Charles F. Henniger,
2 .yrs. 10 mos. ; Thomas Semler, 12 yrs. 5 mos. ;
Henry Hanson. 5 yrs.; Arthur Davis, 9 yrs. 8
mos. ; George Kvalvig, 9 yrs. 3 mos. ; Herbert
O. Love, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; George Elliot, 3 yrs.
6 mos. . - . • • . =
SPECIAL NOTICE— Office of the Collector of
Customs, port of San .Francisco, Cal., July
15, 1901— Notice Is hereby given that the Com-
missioner of Navigation, | under date of July
10, 1901, has authorized a change in the name
of the- barkentine I ' *J. C. Pfluger" to "Coro-
nado." Said vessel was built at Sunderland,
England, in 1874, official number' 7746. gross
tonnage. 1062; owner. J. D. Spreekels & Bros.
Company. W. B. HAMILTON, Special Dep-
uty Collector of Customs; N. S. F.',-
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19. tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
Bultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.*
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving. Co.,
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mlsl
Bion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main' 1S40; shipping- at cut rates. I
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fiilmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
sell better machines for less money than any
bouse in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 268.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
. and have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, ?60; . anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
..'..'¦ DIVIDEND. NOTICES. —
BlviD^N^^PIotlce^Divldend ."" NoT~9Xltwenty
cents per. share) of the Hutchlneon Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market street, on
and after Saturday. July 20, 19C1. Transfer
books will close on Saturday. July 13. 1901, at
12 o'clock noon, . - E. H. SHELDON. Sec. I .
I PROPOSALS. :•' ¦'-¦";.
PROPOSALS will be received at the office of
the Paymaster of the I Navy Yard, Mare Isl-
and, Cal., until 1 o'clock p. m., August. 26,
1901, and publicly opened Immediately there-
after, for the purchase of refuse from the
brass foundries at the Navy Yard, for the
. fiscal year 1902. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished on application ¦ to the ¦ Paymaster of
the Navy Yard, Mare Island, Cal. MERRILL
MILLER, Rear Admiral, U. S.N., Command-'
ant. Navy Yard and Station.
MABB-IAGE LICENSES.
The following ¦ marriage licenses were ' Issued
yesterday: . ''.:¦. ".
William A. Doyle, 24, San Mateo, and Clara
A. Bailey, 18. Belvedere.
Albert F. Price, 45, Placervllle, and Bophla
J. Smith, 41, Macon, Ga. • ¦, -. '
Herman H.Helbush, 18, 402 Walnut street,
and Anna W. Barn'. 20, 1323 Devlsadero street.
William B. Downes, 26, 1141 Mission • street,
and Caroline M. Monath, 26, 1189 Valencia st.
BIBTHS-^MAEBI AGES— DEArHS. ¦
Birth, marriage and I death notices sent i by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the .publication offices and ' bs
indorsed with the name and residence of per-'
sons authorized' to have the came published.-
. *-. - • BOBIT.^. *¦;¦'-._ ;- .
GOODELL— In this • city, June . 28, 1901, . to the
wife of Oliver. 8. Goodell, a son.
QUILLINAN— In Berkeley. ¦ July 17, 1901. to the'
:• wife" of Michael S. Quillinan, a daughter. ¦•< — -
RUPPERT— in-thls city, July 18/ 1901. - to . the
- wife of Charles Ruppert, a eon...- , , .¦¦
6PILMAN— In Alameda, Cal., July 15, 1901, ;to
• the wife of W. *H. Spllman, - a" son. •" ~
ZANDER— In Bakersfleld, . Cal.,- July 19,7 1901,
to- the : wKe' of Louie Zander, a - son. ;
BEEDE— ADDISON— In this city, July 17, 1901,
by t^e Rev. ' J. T. ' Wills. ¦- D.D., Stephen M.
Beede and Margaret : : T. Addison, both •¦ of
Ban Francisco. :¦' - - ¦' ; ' —
VETTER— WAGNER- In this city, July IS,
. 1901, by the Rev. > J. ; M. Buehler, • Frederick
: J. Vetter and 'Anna B. ;- Wagner. ¦
; ¦";. ; ;¦¦ jxijed. j: ;.;¦:..;.;;.; -,_-:_
¦ Agard. Marion C. * - " McCue, Patrick
Bowra, George McLaughlin, William
Brennan, Rev. John ) McMahon, Jennie T.
. Britton,- Joseph Meier, Christopher :
, Carmody, ¦ Patrick . Morrissey, Jennie
Casey, Michael M. C. Murphy, Dennis W.
Cuneo, Victoria . ' Nedderman, Fay R.
Dryer, Mrs. Margaret 'Nichelson,- Marie C.v
Fleming, . Arthur Northmore, Samuel
Glindemann, Maria , Peterson. Emma A..
• Herring, Polly N. ~ . - Plckersgill, : Wm. C.
Kasper, Lena J. --.\j Renault, Bridget
Keenan,' Jane ... Robinaon, , William G.
Leroux, Ajinie . v Sutro, Charles
Loewe, Abe S. . Tobin, Michael ' E\ • '
Lynch. 'John ' ' AVright, Mary E. ' ' .
AGARI>-In ¦ this "city, July' 19, 1901, Marion
Catharine Agard, beloved daughter of Mrs.
W. B. Agard, and sister of John A. Agard of
Arizona, Mrs. Georke Westland of Oakland
and W. A. ' T., G. L. and . A.-.H. Agard of
San Francisco, a native of California, aged
37 years 5 months and 23 days. :, r , . . .« .;
- |t?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral services
at St. Petfr's Episcopal Church, corner df
Stockton ' a'nd Filbert streets, at 3 • o'clock
to-morrow (Sunday). Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. V *
BOWRA— In- this city, July; 19, 1901, George,
beloved son of Francis and Lydia Bowra,
" and brother cf Harry and Francis Bowra and
' Mrs. P. Fautley, a native of London, Eng-
land,' aged 34 years 10 months and 27 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, lrom the funeral par-
icrs of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
Mission M asonlc TemDle. Interment Mount
- Olivet Cemetery. ; . ¦-..¦••: .' ¦ .
BRENNAN— In Paris, July 19, 1901, the Rev.
John : Brennan, Dastor of the Church of the
Nativity,,-, Menlo Park, Cal. . . ./ ..,,.,-
JC^a solemn requiem rnas3 for the repose,
of hiii soul will be celebrated in' Menlo Park
Monday, July 22, at 10:30 o'clock. The . rev
ertnd clergy and other friends are respect-
, fully invited to attend. , .
. BR1TTON— In this city, July 18, 1901, Joseph
Britton; beloved brother of the late Jane Ann
Hey, and uncle of V. J. A. Rey.-Mrs. Sander,
Mrs. Snroule and Sylvia Rey, a?"native o f
Yorkshire, England, aged 75 years. 8 months
and 8 days. : .' . . . • ¦
C^Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral at his late
residence, • 829 Union street, corner of Tayler,
this day (Saturday), . at 2 -o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
CARMODT— In this city, July 18, 1901, Patrick
Carmody; beloved brother of Mrs. A. Black,
a native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged
18 years. • • : " ;- '- »
ICTFriends '.and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth,- thence, to Mission Dolo-
' res .'Church for services.. .Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ . ' ¦ ' . .. ,
CASEY— In this city, July 19, 1901, Michael M.
,C, beloved husband of the late Jane Casey,
' father of Mrs. W. T. Baker, - Mrs.' Teresa
Powers, > Mrs. Julia .- Morosco and Terance
Casey, ard brother of the late James and
Martin Casey, a native of County Tlpperary,
Ireland, aged 88 years. • - ;
CUNEO (nfee ASSALINO)— In this city, Vic-
' torla Cuneo (nee Assalino), dearly beloved
wife cf Charles J. Cuneo, sister, of Mrs.
• Amle Cerruti, and daughter of the late Sal-
. vatore and Katherlne Assalino, a native of
San Francisco, . aged 27 years and 3 days.
(Gf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ¦. the funeral, to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S06 Powell . street, thence to Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ¦
DRYER— In Benicia, July" 19, 1901. Mrs. Mar-
garet Dryer, mother.- of Mrs. Ella M. Cole-
man, a native of Boston, Mass., aged' 63
. years 4 months and 5 days." . ¦ N
¦ IC5*Friend3 and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow"
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
- dence. West F street,: Benicia. ¦> ¦ ¦ - . , ;-
FLEMING— In this, city, July 18, 1901, Arthur,
¦ beloved husband of Anna. V. Fleming, father
- of .W: S..'. C. N., Hazel and Florence: Flem-
ing, and brother of Mrs. A. W. Lawrence
"and George. Fleming, a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 63 years. • .
[ETFriends and acquaintances and members
of the G. A: . R. are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter &
White, 122 Eddy street. Interment National
Cemetery. •
GLINDEMANN— July 6. 1901, on board steam-
ship Patricia, near England, Maria, beloved
wile of the late Peter Glindemann. and
dearly beloved- mother of . Mrs. John Duhr,
Mrs. Johh H. Schmidt, Mrs. Augusta Laub-
scher and William, John and Gustave Glin-
demann, a natlve_of Holstein, Germany, aged
i67 years -G months , and 17 days. . -. - • -
I (ErServtcfs will be he.ld this day (Satur-
' day), at 9:80 o'clock, at the parlors. of H.
F. Suhr-& Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and • KUrhth. Interment Mount ¦ Oli-
vet Cemetery, by carriage. '_.
HERRING— In this city, July 1 18, 1901, Polly
Nye. wife of the late John Herring, - and
mother of Mrs. C. C. Graham, D. T. Herring
and Mrs. S. M. Moore of Sacramento, a na-
tive of Connecticut, .aged 88 years.
' : |E7*Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services at 2:30 o'clock, from
iher late residence, 2119 Pine street, this day
.•(Saturday). Interment at Sacramento, Cal.
KASPER— In San Jose,. July 18, 1901, Lena J.
Kaeper, beloved wife of i Joseph Kasper.
daughter of Mrs. F. Hersprlng, and sister 'of
Mrs. H. S. Smith and Mildred, David,' Louis,
Joseph and Harry "Hertpring of ' Oakland, a
native of Warsaw, Poland, aged 34 years 8
months and 23 days. , . ¦. , < . j
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 257 East St. John street, San Jose.
KEENAN— In this g city, July 18, 1901, Jane
Keenan, beloved wife of Frank M. Keenan, a
. native of Scotland, aged 84 years.
tnyFriends and acauaintances are ! respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:15 o'clock, fromthe funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train. . . * • . • ..
LEROUX— In this city, July 19, 1901, Annie,
beloved wlfe_ of Thomas Leroux, mother of
the late Mrs." John Dumphy, James Leroux,
Mrs. William, Schroder and Joseph and Abbie
Leroux, and sister of Mrs. Michael Mullany
I and Edward and the late Frank Morrison, a
native of Ireland.
(C?" Remains at the chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking ,, Company, 2475 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. Funeral notice
hereafter. ' . : . ' .. . . .' ..
LOEWE— July 18, 1901, Abe S. , Loewe,' dearly
beloved husband of Jennie Loewe, and
brother of Mrs. Henritte Spiegel and Mrs.
Jennie Altman of Buffalo, N. Y.. a native of
Alabama, . aged 52 years. ¦ (Buffalo, N. Y.,
papers please copy.)
tCFFriends are respectfully invited to at-
•tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:15
o'clock, from, the residence of B. . Gettleson,
- 1S30 Sutteo street. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery," by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and ! Townsend ,, streets. Funeral and inter-
ment private.. Please omit -flowers.'
LYNCH— In this city, July IS; 1901. John, be-
loved husband of ! Margaret Lynch, a native
of Ireland, aged 70 -years.
|C?"Funeral private. .
McCUE— In Butte, .Mont.. July 14, 1901, Pat-
rick McCue, beloved brother of Thomas,
Timothy, Stephen ' and James McCue and
Mrs. Michael Doran, a. native of County Gal-
way,- Ireland, aged 31 years. S.^
C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral -this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence- of his sister, Mrs. Michael -Doran, . 1365
Stwenson street, - thence to. St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
, commencing . at 11 o'clock. ¦¦ Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - • . • • .
HALL Division No. 10, A. O.'T-I. in A.— Offi-
cers and members of the above division will
'assemble at hall, 120 Ninth street, this ' day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of -our late brother, Patrick McCue.
- Fines for non-attendance will be enforced.
By order , J. J. COGHLIN, President.
G. J. LOWE, Recording Secretary.
Mclaughlin— in . this city, juiy n, laoi.'
William, . husband of the late Catherine Mc-
Laughlin, father of Edward, Daniel. F.. Wil-
liam J. and Cornelius McLaughlin and Mrs.
F. O'Leary. and brother of Michael Mc-
Laughlin;: a native of the parish of Culdaff,
9 County 'Donegal,. Ireland, aged. 65 years. :
; (CTFrlends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to actend the funeral '.'this day
(Saturday), • at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence; 222 Langton " street, . thnce to St.'
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
• will be celebrated for . the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock:. Interment ¦ Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. '¦¦ • " \'- ' ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦¦' .' . -.'¦ - -¦ t ~ ¦
HENRY »L GALLAGHER CO.
¦ (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) f)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKR3
20 Fifth' st., opposite Lincoln School. -
. . ;. • Telephone -South 80. ¦
Eugene McGinn. '. - McGINNBROS.
• Funeral Directors and Embalmers, •
. \ 31 EDDY- STREET. " ..-.-¦;'
.Telephone South 252. ' . ; San ; Francisco.
: ' No CotmecUon With Any Other Housei
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
, : - : ., San : Mateo , County. ,-
OFFICE 916 "MARKET STREET.
¦ ,.."¦*/¦ J. HENDERSON, Manager." ;
SAit FRANCISCO, Cal."— Notice Is hereby given
t..at CHARLES -H. . JACOB : of the : llrm- of
CHARLES H." JACOB & CO., , funeral direc-
• - tors • and : embalmers, . 318 ' Mason > street, has,
by : order. of 'court, had his name . changed to
. CHARLES II. .J. TRUMAN, -by. reason of
whlch.,the name - of ;>' his firm becomes
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN '& :CO." Under
this name he continues to do business at the
. same place. Telephone Main 6213.
McMAHON— In" this city,' 'July 19, : 1901, * Jennie
T., beloved wife of Daniel J.- McMahon, and
sister. of William J. Turner,' Mrs. B.F. John-
son and -Mrs., F. Stang, a native of, San
* Francisco. - .'- * • ' " ¦ ¦ ; " "" '
- !E?"Friend3 and- acauainiances are • respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
'• dence,' 427 Clipper street, thence to St. Paul a
Church, where services will be held at 2 :30
' o'clock.. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MEIER— In- Ocean -View, July-18. -1901.' Chrltf-
5j topber, beloved son of Beta ' and : the late
Christopher Meier, and' brother of John W.
Meier. Mrs. H. Hilken and Mrs. W. Menges,
a native of San Francisco, aged 31 years 4
,- months ' and 12 y days. • : - . . ' ¦ .../*.
Ity Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission, Street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
a Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. . ". . ".
MORRISSEY— In this city, July 19, 1901, Jen-
nie, beloved' . wife of John "J. Morrissey,
mother of Laurence, Gertrude, Genevieve and
Lauretta Morrissey, dauehter of John and
> the late Sarah Carroll, and sister of Mackle,
Joe and Frank Carroll and Mrs. J. Murphy,
a native | of San ; Francisco, aged 38- years 6
-months and W days. ¦ . " ¦ v
MURPHT-In this city, July 19, 1901. , Dennis
¦William, beloved son of John and Agnes Mur-
phy, and . brother of John,. Thomas and 'Cath-
erine Murphy, , a- native of San- Francisco,
aged 1 year 2 months and 19 days. " .,
(C Friends ?.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
_ (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 643Ji Natoma street. ¦ Inter-
ment-. Holy Cross Cemetery. '. •
NEDDERMAN— In Lotus, Cai., July 18, 1901,
, Fay R.,; son of Henry and Minnie Nedder-
man, and brother of Roy Nedderman, aged
-.3 years and 4 days. :. . ¦-'-. ' . ¦ ; ¦.
CuT Friends ar-.d actiuaintances are respect-
- fully^ Invited to attend the .funeral services
' to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at; the
home of his parents, 501 East TweiUy-lcurth
street, corner of Tenth avenue, Oakland.
NICHELSON— In this city, July .19, 1901." Marie
C. Nichelson (nee • Doerr), rbeloved daughter
of Phllllpp,and the late Roslna Doerr, and
dearly beloved sister of Mrs. Henry Steuing
and Henry, Lena and Louise Doerr, a na-
tive of PlUsburg. Pa., aged 27 years 1
.month and 9 days. ,' .
IC^Friends and ' acciuaintances are inviteo
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at
1:30 o'clock, from the residence of her sister,
Mrs.H. Spelling, 1702 Qhurch street. Inter-
ment Odd -Fellows'. Cemetery. -. - ' ¦ ¦ <
NORTHMORE— In-' this city, July :1S, - 1901,
Samuel Northmore, beloved husband of Love-
day Northmore, a native of Samfordsplney,
Devonshire, England, aged 63 years 1 month
and 12 days. (Wisconsin and Illinois papers
please copy.) - - .!
(C?"Friends and -acquaintances and members
of Court Robin Hood No. 5931, A. O. F... are
respectfully .. ftivited to attend the funeral
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock/from Grace
M. E. Church, corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Twenty-second
and Guerrero streets at. 3 o'clock.- _
PETERSON— In this city, July 19, 1901,; Emma
A. Peterson, a native of San Francisco.: aged
27 years 3 months and 25 days. ¦ • ' . '
C?" Friend s and acauaintances &re respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 ¦ o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel H1U Cemetery- • ; •
PICKERSGILL— In : Alameda, July 19, "1901,
William Clayton PickersiriU, C. B., His Brit-
annic Majesty's Consul General at San Fran-
; daco, beloved husband of -Agnes M. Pickers-
gill, and father of Edward-; W.. Lawrence,
Gilbert M. and Thomas H.: C. -PickersBlll, ¦ a
native of Lancashire,. Ercrlana.Vaged 55 years.
(CTNotice of funerar hereafter. -
RENAULT— In this 'city';' July 18,^1901, Bridget,
beloved wife pf Joseph Renault. . and mother
of John F. Rt-nault, a natiye' of County Lei-
trim, 'Ireland, aged 68 year*' 4 months and 26
days.- ** " •¦ . i ; .'- ''=¦ • ¦"- - .• ' " .
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend Mhe funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock,, from her late
- residence, .51 Converse street. - thence to St.
Joseph's. Church, where, a solemn requiem
muss will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul,, commencing at 10 o'clock. ; Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. t :
ROBINSON— Drowned, In Malabang, P. I..
May SO, 1901, William G., oldest and beloved
son 'of Maggie A. Robinson; stepson of James
M. Robinson, and brother of Robert J.,
James J., Milton B. and Ada M. Robinson,
a native of San Francisco, asred 26 years 7
"months and 4 days. . ¦ '.¦'¦¦,'
.- ¦ . CTNotlce of funeral on arrival of remains.
SUTRO--In this city. July 19, 1901, Charles
. Sutro. beloved brother of Albert and the late
. Gustave and Emil Sutro and ' Elvira Grad-
wohl, a native of Aix-Ia-Chapelle, Prussia,
aged 72 .yearn 5 months and 23 days.
. CNotlce of funeral hereafter. *
TOBIN— In this city, July 18, 1901, Michael F.I
beloved husband of . Ellen TobiiJ. father of
Mary Agnes, Frances Elizabeth and Michael
James Tobin. beloved brother of Mary ani
Edmomi Tobin, Mrs. - Delehanty,* Sister Jo-
sephine Frances of the Sisters of Mercy and
the late James, John and Patrick Tobin; and
brother-in-law of Mrs. T. B.» Goodwin, -a na-
tive of c County^ Kilkenny; -Ireland/ aged' 47
years 8 months and 6. -days. ; (Stockton, Cal.;
and New - York papers please copy.) ¦ :
JE7 Friends and acquaintances . are" respect-
fully Invited to attend the- funeral: this day
(Saturday),- -at '¦ 9:30 o'clock, .from -his late
residence. 190 Shipley, street, near Fifth.
, thence to St. Patrick's Church at 10 o'clock
for services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WRIGHT— In this' city, July 19» 1901, ¦ Mary E.
Wright, beloved daughter of the late Captain
Charlea J. Wright and Frances Wright; and
'Bister of Carrie Wright; > a" 'native of Cali-
fornia. ' ¦ • ¦ * • .
gy Notice of 'funeral hereafter. .
:AMERIcan;line.
,i:zw tork. sooth akptojt._ losdow. pabul
_ at., Cherbourg, westbound. (.'-¦¦
From New York W»dnesday» at 10 a, m.
St. Paul... ...August' 7 St. Louis :....... Sept, 4
St. Louis..... August 14 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
Philadelphia. August 21 St. Paul..\......Sept..M
St.. Paul...... August 2S St. Louis... Sept. 25 :
RED STAR LINE.
New York; and Antwerp. > "
.From" New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Southwark ......July 311 *Zeeland ->.'... August 21*
•Vaderland :. August 7 Frlesland ....August 28
Kensington ..August 14| Southwark-. ...Sept. :4
", *Stop- at 'Cherbourg,, eastbound. - . *
. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.," ..'
' ' • ' CHAS. • D. - TAYLOR, -, : "
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
COMPAGNIE "¦ GENSR ALE ' TRANS ATLA5T1QUE
DRIECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. '/¦ n 'j>>; !
Sailing every Tnursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. *3*«aWaS»
North River, foot -of Morton street; Xa'.Ere-
tagn«. : July , 2S; La Champagne, - August 1; La
Gascogne. August 8:. •L'Aqultalne,. August 15. .
. First class to Havre. J70 and . upward, ' Second
class . to Havre, *<5 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED. STATES and CAN-
ADA, > 32 • Broadways (Hudson building), New ,
York. J. F.' FUGAZI 4. CO., Paciflc Coast
Agents, 3 Montgomery. avenue. San Francisco. ;
Tickets: sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. •
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.- - : .." ' ;
OCEAK" TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
y Steamers . leave Broadway
Bjc ¦: Wharf, Ean . Francisco:
' tefet^i. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
SSSra^ July 15. 50, 25. SO. -August i.
SPEW Sat Change to company's steam-
s"T»KriYX«l era. at Seattle. >
i UsSS \al For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattl?.
: i *^ II HII|H EgaggA Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
**" and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
*• 11 a. m.. July 15. 20. 25. ».
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Chanara
at Seattl* for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. '
- For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. 16. 21, t$.'tu Aug. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondoi (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa' Rosa, Sundays. 9 a, m. ;
Steamer Corona. "Wednesdays. 9 a. m. .
Fos Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cms.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San " Lais OWspo). Gavlota. Santa. Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and •Newport (»Cooa Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay. Saturdays. 3 a. m. ; Steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Mairdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)—10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders, x
The company reserves the right to chanss
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice* .
TICKFT flFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hetel). . .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
¦ v ......-.' 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O,'r?. « JV. CO,
Only Steamship Xjlxxo *o
PORTLAND, OK,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to «H
rotnts East. Through ffchet* tt> all
. pctnta, «IT raitnr' wtenmshlo anri rnil, at
UO W K3T :Et_A_'J.MsJS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUD3 BSHTH tai MSAL3.
SS.. COLUMBIA.....
Sails July 13. 22. August 1. 11. ZL 31
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER.
...Sails July 7. 17. 27, August t IS. 21
D.tV.HlTCHCOCK.Gen.Agt.J MontKom'y. S.F.
Iv"We have certain special Induce- Ej
ments to offer to freight shippers H
ind passengers to - |J
NOME! I
CHAS. CONKL.1N & CO., R
710 Market St. . Phone Main 5337 jg
Steamer "JOHN g..KIMB ALL," ffl
aow in port, sails 4 p. m., July 22. . . . E5
Grand round trip excursion!. • . p
TOYO KrSEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting.' at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of salllnz. .' - ¦•.¦-
SS.- AMERICA MARU.-.Saturday. Aug. 10, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MAR U.....' '
Wednesday, September 4. ' 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27, 1301
Round-trip tickets at. reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofllce,
421 Market street, corner First. . .
.W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
oceanics.sxo.SiBi"
S. S.-ZEALANDIA. for Honolulu
Saturday. July 20, 2 p. m.
S. 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and"Aus....Thurs.. Aug. 1, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti...............
' ....::;Tuesday. August 6. 10 a. m.
J. D.SPSEMEU k BIOS. M-, besrai Agato» 327 Market 81
Sea'l Paasngsr Cffo, 643 Martet St., risr .3. 7. PaciSs st
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO*.
And CIA SUD AMEBICA> A DB VAPO8ES
To ' Valpa/also, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
ACONCAGUA ..July —I GUATEMALA.. Aug. 2}
PERU - .August. 71 PALENA... Sept. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and Souti' American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.)' Freight
and passenger office. 31 S California street. " -
BAUOUR. GUTHR1E & CO.. Gen. Agents.
IPANAMA* R, Ipi
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. J40. : : ; i7 '
S. S. Argyll sails Satur Hy, Anft. 10
6.S. Leelanaw «ails Monday, Aug. 26
S. S. Arfeyll 9si s Tuesday. Sept. 2-%
¦ ¦ - From Steuart • street at 2 p. m. -'./ -
' Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. ; CONNOR. Paciflc Coast Agent.
BAY A1TD EIVEB STEAMERS.
. Steamers 6EN.- PRISBIE or M0NTI0ELLO
>:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 1:30 p. ml; except Sua«
day. Sunday,- 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 1 a. m., 13:30 ¦ noon, i p. m.. - except -
Sunday."'* Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. -Far* M
cents. Telephone Main 150S. . Landing- and of-
fice,, pier 2. Mlesion-»t. fiooi. HATCHUSO4CITY RECORDER OF SAN RAFAEL, WHO WITH HIS PREDECESSOR JN OFFICE PERFORMED WITHOUT LE
GAL. AUTHORITY; THIRTY MARRIAGE CEREMONIES IN LESS THAN THREE YEARS.- COUPLES JOINED
IN WEDLOCK BY THEM ARE PLACED IN UNENVIABLE POSITIONS. ¦ , ... . ...
. Customs searchers seized yesterday on
the ocean tramp steamer Oak Branch two
cloisonne vases, two sealskin capes, eight
een tea setSi twelve Ivory canes, three silk
shawls, six silk fans and 700 cigars. They
were' concealed between decks with Intent
to smuggle. The Oak- Branch came from
Japan in ballast. On the Indiana 1175 ci
gars were seized, and three cases of gin
on the Peru.
Smuggled Goods Seized.
Special Epwortli League Excursion to
Los Angeles and Return, 315.00.
Thursday, July 25. Good going on .any
train, either Coast Mine or. via Fresno
Return limit August 31. Stopovers. Fare
for Epworth Leaguers and friends only
$15 round trip. Offices of Southern Pa
cific. 613 Market street and Mechanics*
Pavilion. •
The Grand Jury returned ah indictment
for perjury yesterday • against Ernest
Moore Chadwick, alias "Sir" Harry "West
wood Cooper. The perjury was commit
ted by Cooper when on trial for sending
a telegram purporting to have been sent
by Marie Schneider, the mother of Norine
Schneider, whom he afterward married.
The Grand Jury also began the Investi
gation of a burglary charge against Matt
Collins, who was acquitted in one of the
Police Courts.
Harry Cooper Indicted.
-'. As a holder, of a large number of the
merchants' and laborers' claims and also
of a large number of . teachers' claims
against the City and County of San'Fran
cisco, affected by the injunction. suit now
pending, I have arranged so that such of
the teachers and janitors as are willing
to return the amount paid by the Auditor
to them, respectively, out of the seven
thousand dollars advanced by the assignee
of the merchant creditors in March, 1900,
can collect their demands or warrants for
November and December, 1898, without a
lawsuit and without paying- me any dis
count by calling at my office to-morrow,
at 422 Montgomery street. San Francisco,
July 19. 1901. AUGUST WEIHE.*
Notice to Teachers.
"W. H. Mills, land agent of the South
ern. Racine, is booked for decapitation,
apd his resignatlbn will be announced in
a' few days. The Call made the announce^
ment that • Mills was scheduled to go at
the time his authority and duties as press
agent of the company were' taken away
from him and placed in the hands of E.
0. McCormlck. Mills soon after went
Bast to take charge of the Southern Pa
cific exhibit at the Pan-American expo
sition. Nevertheless his resignation- will
come as a great surprise in railroad cir
cles. The official announcement will be
made in a circular, to be Issued by Presi
dent Hays in a few days.
President Hays does not like Mills, and
he is not satisfied with his administration
of the land department .It is said Mills
sought to obtain a statement from Hays
some time ago in regard to the perma
nency of his position, but the president
of the company diplomatically evaded the
cfuesticn. It is thought that Mills may be
allowed to return to Buffalo and con
tinue in charge of trie Southern Pacific
exhibit until the close of the Pan-Amer
ican Exposition, but his retirement from
the land department, of the corporation is
only a question of a few weeks or days.
In this connection it is very probable
that, the land departments of the Union |
Pacific and Southern Pacific will be con-,
solidated, with the ; headquarters at Oma
ha. The force in this city has been ma
terially reduced recently and Chief Clerk
Ford, who. has been in the employ of the
Central and Southern Pacific* for many
years; resigned some months ago to ac
cept another position. . ; " . . . ' ¦ .
President Hays declined to be seen yes
terday and. Secretary Ingram would
neither deny nor affirm the report that
Mills was to be removed.
W. H. Mills was. formerly in the news
paper business in Sacramento. He was
brought to this city by the late Senator
Stanford and placed In the employ of the
Central Pacific Railroad. When the
break, occurred .between Huntington and
Stanford, Mills cast his fortunes with
Huntington, by whom he was rapidly
promoted to his present position.
His Resignation Will Be
Announced Shortly
by Hays.
¦ — — . .'? . * — : ¦. ¦• . .-¦¦ : ; :
Southern and Union Pacific
Land Departments May
• Be -Consolidated.
MILLS' DAYS
ARE NUMBERED
flee a few months agro and started ln the
matrimonial business on July 10 last. Up
to date he has performed six wedding
ceremonies, which Is considered to be a
good record.
The laws of California relating to the
solemnization of marriage are distinct and
clear. Section 70 of the Civil Code defines
the officials who are empowered to offici
ate at weddings. Th© section, amended by
the last Legislature, reads ( as follows:
-Marrlasree may be solemnized by either a
Justice of the Supreme Court, a Judge of the
SOME ILLEGAL
MARRIAGES
1800.
January 4-Charles J. . Schwickerath to Mrs.
Lucia Dale Price, both of San Francslco
March 21— Albert Boynton Chase to Beatrioe
Josephine Perkins, both of East Oakland.
April 20— Llpman Kelne to Ida D. Norton,
both of San Francisco. ' '".-,_«_
April 24— Charles Widman to Annie l.«.vln,
both of San Francisco. • ™_
June S— Francis J. Goodfellow of 6an Fran
cisco to Maria Valencia of Son Rafael.
June 21— William F. Cordray to Mrs. Joseph
ine Brooks, both of Dayton. Ohio.
July 19— Albert Francis Joyaur to Emma Her
minla Siebricht. both of San Francisco.
August 11— R. Fiegre to Miss J. C. Ohlson.
both of East Oakland.
September 13— Edward J. Sheehan. Mill val
ley to Mrs. Mary Mitchell, San Francisco.
September 22— J. B. O'Connor to Mary Kolan,
both of San Francisco.
October 3— Jacob Schwartz . to Marie Isunn,
both of San Francisco. . .
• October 26— C. H. McClure of Los Anreles to
Miss M. L Maoiure of Los Angeles. Cal.
November 17— Thomas G. Briston to Kathe
rine I Schutte. both of San Francisco.
D-cember 2— Rudolph Bchottler to Annie G.
Sullivan, both of San Francisco. .
December 357— Walter G. Tallman to Mary L.
Cardwcll. both of Santa Rosa.
i»oo.
Januery 11— John F. Wilson of San Francisco
to Mtta "D. Niemeyer of Haywards.
January 13— William Davis of San Francisco
to Mae Merrill of Portland.
May IS— Georpe B. Laney to Mrs. Annie Ryan,
both of San Francisco.
September 4— Edward Stotenburs to May Mc-
Dcrciott. both of Santa Cruz.
October 5— J. M. Morsley to Maria Hauck,
both of San Francisco.
October 10— Frank C. Fry to Minnie Mayer,
both of San Francisco. '
November 5— Charles P. Jfewhouse to Daisy
Palmer, both of Ban Francisco.
November 8— E. JJ. Reilinger to C. Conn, both
of San Francisco. ,
December 11— William J. Templeton to Agnes
Connors, both of Oakland.
1O01.
January 6— Charles Schorilkohp to Adelaide
Gibouret. both of San Francisco
July 10-Joseph R. Martin to Mrs. T. F.
Pritchard. both of San Francisco. .
July U— John J. Shields to Lude P. Brady.
Hiss" t0 E - x * ute# ont '
°July 17— Bert J Sawyer to Hilfred lAndgren,
¦"SVliSSSh* Magulre of San Francisco
to Etta J. Selzer of Little Falls. N. T.
toyi-aHIRTT Illegal marriages perform
11 ed ln the past two years and a
I half by officials of the suburban
H city of San Rafael is the start
ling discovery' mad© ln the Gretna
Green of the Pacific Coast.
The late City Recorder Edwin Gardner
officiated at twenty-four of the wedding
ceremonies, although possessing absolute
ly no authority to join loving couples ln
the bonds of wedlock. The present City
Recorder. J. J. Murray, who for many
years drove a bus ln San Rafael, has of
ficiated at six weddings and Is prepared
to carry on the matrimonial business at
the same old Btand. Murray bases his au
thority to officiate at marriages on a queer
interpretation of a recent decision of the
Supreme Court of the State and arrogates
to himself the full powers of a police
judge.
' The opinion given yesterday by distin
guished attorneys was that the marriages
solemnized by Gardner and Murray, each
ln his capacity as City Recorder of San
Rafael, are illegal and that thirty couples
are unlawfully living together. The ef
fects of the illegal weddings will be far
reaching unless the couples decide to be
"tied again" by a duly authorized officer
of the law. More than S00 weddings have
taken place in San Rafael since January
1, 1699, couples coming from far and near
to the Pacific Coast Gretna Green.
Recorder Gardner Sets the Pace,
For many years the late Edwin Gard
ner legally married couples ln his capacity
as justice, of the peace. An inspection of
the records of the county discloses the
fact that Gardner did a thriving matri
monial business. When he assumed office
as City Recorder of San Rafael on Jan
uary 4. 1S99, having been defeated In the
election for justice of the peace, he con
tinued to join ln wedlock all couples who
nought his services. In each case Gardner
signed the marriage certificates as "Re
corder of of the City of San Rafael."
Gardner died early this year -and the
Trustees of San Rafael appointed J. J.
Murray as Recorder. Murray assumed of-
THIRTY COUPLES ARE ILLEGALLY WED
BY CITY RECORDERS IN SAN RAFAEL
14
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1901.
"I feel that I have the right to officiate
at marriages," he said, "but I have : al
ways believed that the. marriages solemn
ized by Gardner as Recorder of San Ra-
Murray is not- a Police Judge- of . San
Rafael or any other place, and. exists as
such only in his own estimation. - ; His ex
planation for arrogating, to himself the
rightrf of a Police Judge -and to
wedding ceremonies • was .. given • i by.
him yesterday when he -was asked for
some information as to the right of the
Recorder of San Rafael to officiate at a
wedding. • . ¦ .4 ¦ ' '- ¦
Murray's Interpretation of Law.
In other words, the Recorder 'has the
powers of a Justice of the Peace only as
refers to civil and criminal actions and
trials. In the marriage certificates issued
by Murray this month he signed each one
as follows: "J. J. Murray, City Recorder,
Ex-Offlcio Police Judge of the City of San
Rafael." • . ¦•"¦•¦:
- The Recorder shall be the Judge of the Re
corder's Court and shall have the powers and
perform the duties of a magistrate.
Under the law of 1883, article 6, sections
SOS and 807 provide for the creation of a
"Recorder's Court" In cities incorporated
In the fifth and sixth classes. The article
mentions what civil and criminal cases
may be heard in the Recorder's Court,
and says:
Scope of Recorder's Powers.
The amendment made by the Legisla
ture was to add the words '.'Police Judge"
-to the original section of the code. The
office of Police Judge Is one created by
law and the duties of the office are clear
ly designated.
The laws of California also define the
duties of a Recorder in cities of the fifth
and sixth class, when acting as Judge of
a "Recorder's court." \ ... ¦ • . . . . , . "• .» •
Superior Court, a Justice of, the Peace, Police
Judgre. priest or minister of the gospel of any
denomination. ¦ : ¦ •
, Verus cures piles or $50 reward. ' All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee It. • ,
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Tabs and swimming. Best tonic for nervous
and. bodily exhaustion. Bay at.', near Powell. •
Among the fifty- eight mentioned are sev
eral young, slave girls destined \ for San
Francisco. I By this time they have prob
ably entered the United States.. . .
Many similar shipments of Chinese im
migrants have been reported'and It is evi
dent that the smuggling of coolie laborers
Into the United States has been going on
ln this way for a long time. ¦:
The Immigrants had been landed at Vic
toria, B. C, In transit to Mexico. They
thus escaped paying the Canadian - head
tax of $100 each. ; They. were then taken to'
Mazatlan, their ostensible -.» destination,
where they boarded >the Curacao and were
taken to . Ensenadav about forty-five miles
south' of. the American border.- From this
point It would be easy to cross , Into ; the
United States. ¦ ¦ . ;
.. Customs officials; received Information
yesterday, that the' steamer Curacao on
June ,27 landed flfty-elghV Chinese Immi
grants at ' Ensenada f rom Mazatlan. ¦¦¦ ;. '
at Ensenada From Victoria and
I Cross the Boundary.
Fifty-Eight Coolie Laborers Landed
Because, the Supreme- Court,; decided
that a • Recorder's Court ! may be I looked
upon, as a Police Court in the matter of
Imposing alternative Imprisonment in de
fault of a fine Murray has jumped to the
conclusion* that he has all the powers of
a Police Judge and for that reason will
accept fees and solemnize marriages.
He- admitted ¦ yesterday, however, that
he was a little bit shaky ln his belief, and
said' he would ask the Attorney General
of the State for an opinion In the matter.
That -the marriages* solemnized by the
late. City Recorder Gardner. were illegal
there Is no possible /doubt. ", He did not
even have the slim excuse,^put forward
by Murray, that he was a Police Judge,
for it was not until this year; that Police,
Judges were, authorized to officiate at'
nuptials. . v •
SLAVE GmLS SMUGGLED
: _ -, IN IROKOLD ' MEXICO
Murray Hot 'Quite Sure.
The decision quoted by Murray appears
in the .California Reports, 88, page 624, and
refers * to a case where a man was con
victed i in' the Recorder's Court ¦ of : Po
mona, Cal.,. for violating a city ordinance
and fined $150, or to serve in jail: at the
rate of $2 per day. An appeal on a writ of
habeas corpus . was taken to the Supreme
Court,! but It was dismissed. It was con
tended by . the petitioner that a Recorder
did not have the power to apply that sec
tion of the Penal Code by which Police
Judges are empowered to Impose fines or
the. alternative of Imprisonment In default
of payment. : • • „
• "A recent-: decision of .the Supreme
Court of California has settled that point.
,-In a decision written by Chief Justice
Beattythe fallowing appears; 'But a, Re
corder's Courlr is;none the'Sless r a Police
Court because'" It- happens to have .been
called by another name. \ The character
of a court i§ determined,' not by its. name,
but by the nature of its jurisdiction and
functions, ¦ in . which .'.respect the i Record
er's Courts of" cities organized under the
general municipal corporation act cannot'
be distinguished from other 'Police
Courts.' " ' ¦ . <„ - ,• ¦
fael were illegal. The amended, section
of the Civil Code gives the power of offi
ciating at a marriage to Jolice Judges. I
ami a Police Judge. ; f •
When asked by what authority he
claimed the power of a Police -Judge,
Murray replied: •• - -
The ladles of the Little Sisters' , Infant
Shelter are disturbed over'the fact that
a woman giving the name of Mrs. Wright
has been visiting many business men so
liciting money for the support of the or
ganiaatlon.' The ladies of the Shelter do
not send out solicitors and declare ¦ that
the woman Is a. fraud and .wholly unau
thorized to : use the name of their or*
ganlzatlon. '^ ., , •
' ' >'!¦• .¦.?-¦¦ r,p V
Solicits ; Without
Director Schaffer of the Magdeburg
Company Is now on his way to San Fran
cisco to direct the closing up of the com
pany's business' on, the Pacific Coast.
The Magdeburg • Fire . Insurance Com
pany's last ' annual • statement shows
$7,214,523 assets; consistlng-of $750,000 paid
up capital, $3,000,000 doubly Indorsed and
officially accepted capital subscriptions
and $3,464,525 of well invested assets. For
1900 the gross .amount of . flre ! premiums
The reinsurance of the Magdeburg risks
is a part of the recent general movement
of foreign flra insurance companies to
withdraw from the American field. The
competition with domestic companies has
become so keen. and rates have been re
duced to a degree that any unusual losses,
by such catastrophes as the Jacksonville
fire, have cut disastrously into the profits
of the business, and foreign companies
have lately withdrawn from certain parts
of the United States. . particularly the
southeastern. The Magdeburg Company
Is the first to .withdraw from the entire
territory .where competition with Ameri
can companies is met. • . -
Notification From New York. . .
"The Magdeburg Fire Insurance Com
pany of Magdeburg," said Commodore Isi
dor Gutte of Gutte & Frank last night,
"and Its 'pup,' .the Magdeburg Fire Insur
ance Company of New York, are out ot it
entirely. ,We were notified this evening.
The Springfield Fire and Marine Insur
ance Company writes reinsurance on all
the risks of these two companies, and
their ¦ business ln America will be ter
minated and all branches and agencies
withdrawn. Th6 New York company,
which was formed by the German com
pany to. write Insurance in States where
there la discrimination against foreign
companies, will, of course, be disincor
porated as soon as Its affairs can be
closed."
Many changes In local insurance circles
will result from the withdrawal of the
Magdeburg Company. Th© territory for
which Gutte & • Frank are managers in
cludes California, Oregon, Washington,
New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada, Utah,
Idaho, Montana and Alaska. The com
pany did a large business on the coast,
and this portion of its American territory
gave satisfactory returns, so much so
that those who knew of the negotiations
did not anticipate that It would be in
cluded in the agreement between the
companies. . The- premiums were largely
Increased last year by Gutte & Frank,
and the loss Tatlo incurred was only 42
per cent. ...
Douglass B. /Watson has been the city
agent for the Magdeburg Company and
S. Flgel & Son and T. JD. Ehrhardt the
local solicitors. The. withdrawal of the
Magdeburg- agencies and the direction of
the efforts of their former managers and
agents mto .new channels will mean a
considerable shaking - up • In local insur
ance circles. '- >
George I>. Dornln is Pacific Coast man
ager for the Springfield Fire and Marine
Insurance Company, and George W.
Dornin is assistant managar. No definite
notification of • the -reinsurance of the
Magdeburg risks had been reoelved at
the local Springfield, offices at a late hour
yesterday afternoon. < It was known,
however,, that negotiations had been
pending. /
IMrector Schaffer Coming*.
This important change ln insurance ad
justment was much discussed among un
derwriters yesterday. ,\Vell founded ru
mors were bruited about in the large of
fices, tut positive information was lack
ing. Late in the afternoon Gutte & Prank,
the managers of the Pacific Coast depart
ment of the Magdeburg Company, re
ceived advices from the New York office
informing, them, of the consummation of
the negotiations and confirming the ru
mor that the Pacific Coast territory was
included in the deal.
The Magdeburg Fife "Insurance Com
pany of Magdeburg has reinsured all Its
risks in the United States and will with
draw from business la this country. The
Springfield Fire and Marine Insurance
Company has written the reinsurance. •
vras $3,904,535, and th© net amount $4,110,
655. fn the flfty-six years of Its llfd Its
premium income has been 1134 070 733 44
ai J d *$<£?*. Paid J123.461.600 44 In anVSmSl
,.JZl 1118 Ul^ lted States branch ln-
5 re 2SS d -.i t3 Premiuna Income from $658,300
to $781,648, but the first half of this year
brought heavy losses upon the company,
which coupled with constantly decreasing
rates, led to the decision of the company
to withdraw from the United States:
Gutte & Frank became Pacific Coast
r^ aGers f or ,& e Hamburg-Masrdeburg
Company In 1876. and ln 1SS5 for the
Magdeburg Fire Insurance Company
proper. The management of a quarter off
a century's duration - will, of course, be
brought to a termination by the new deal.
Pacific Coast Managers Advised of Withdrawal of Magde
burg Corporation From Business in United States.
FOREIGN INSURANCE COMPANY
REINSURES AMERICAN RISKS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"YODR BOSOM FRIEND."
a- ,/• THE GIBSON
THEGIBS0N
Sh^^^^ They are beautiful.
Cn^rai original and up to
* WJBSFj -An American pro-
*^s^J. auction for an Amerl-
• can gentleman.
JOHN T. GIBSON
§AN HONEST MAN
WITH HONEST PRICES.
TVIEN'S FURNISHER,
1204 Market St.,
Near Golflen Gate Are.
Phone Folsorn 438.
The *tore that J« open till 8 p. m. Clerks off
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mails 1
,'.:./• on Application.
1
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
Et. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Btrahle
& Co. <est'd. m:t 409 Market St.; upon In-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
. v ;',>.COAL. COKU ANi P13 IROV.
Jr WIF QAV * C(\ m Battsry Stwet.
• te.WILjUn.g WU-. Tetgphone Main lgei.
'".¦¦;'.'¦ FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
II? 'RftYF?£ fl Shipping Butchers. 104
JA?» KlJlCjaWJ- Clay. Tel. Main W4
OILS.
UUBBICATINO OIL8. LEO.V'ARD 4 KULIS,
418 Front St.. 8. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN &. McQUF-
nCK. 23 Bp«»ar rt.t S. F. TeL Main E320.
''//;«' Pioneer Dry Goods Store. •
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED BLUE \ r ESTS
2 for 15c. 20c and 25e Linen Collars at 3 for
aSc, Laree Linen Spools 2 for 6c, at 106 Fifth.'
POINTING.
E» C« flUGlI ES. &1 Sansome «t-. 8. F.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
fKK HICKS-JUDD CO..
¦ . i 23 First Street. San TVandaoo.
LAST CHANCE 'it-JTM^wiirCI- LAST CHANCE
SLEEPING SALE
/ •;, : • ...oin...- v \ . \
Women's Waists, Wrappers, Underwear,
Corsets and Hosiery.'
• V7T?VE TAKEN" A PEW SPECIALS FBOM EACH DEPARTMENT,
AND CUT THE PRICE TO STJCH A IiOW FIGTJRE THAT SHOTJXjD
BRINQ THOTTSANDS TO OUB DOOBS. C
3.9c %kZ om ™' 3 WAJSTB ttat CORSET TALK.
M^~- Pll^? <1 . ? a Special Bale all our Una To-day only w« glv you your choice
Madras Waists, beautifully made .and of any $1 B0 CORSET in the <I»1 IK
.trimmed;, many worth as high u & house at e>I*IO
Ch0lC6 ° f aU t^ tasr 68C 'Tour choice of WU^ORS^OQ^
»_._, ¦ _ "I*'** -«-r>»rw In th« house at. " OifC
1 98C o ». ce « for dl i ren 4r »°fc^? rles Thls ofter tadudes all the popular styles
\**J>* of . artistically made WAISTS in .and -makes --
white or colored; trimmed with laces, «m-
BiKM;ffl ; The Muslin UriderwearSale.
.-*•' . ¦ .': .-,¦..- ¦ V ' ;. This Is the ' same sale that started' a
Thia To Wlia* m»i«« ri«l«~ *«» , couple of weeks agro; our factory Is sup-
imS IS What) WO re Doing tO plying us.with great quantities of well
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS, •¦'^tif^SSSfJSi.'a Sf*.".
89c a a =,»™- » b -
fiO^. For wbipp^b WOMEN'S MXJSUN DRAWERS, trJm-
£o Jor *££££>"£• • '- "^r ¦^'¦¦cambRIC*VdRAW^RS. "££&
O8C-%. t *5SJ n S25L'^S?? I 2a.; • -<• -1th w, d e embrotdery 83c
elsewhere at «1 60. _ ... . ' MUSL Vn ' 'nIGHt' ' GOWNS.
ct>Kl$) £SL« FL0UNCED WRAl»- trimmed with embroidery, inser- QQ/>
¦?' •"^f . PERS. trimmed with linen • tion and ruffles .„>..... OoC
lace, sold elsewhere at W. . . Our *1 NIGHT GOWNS, effective- AQ r-
UNUSUAL HOSIERY BARGAINS, '^me^^^
IM^RTED "S^l
, Zf^^r&:.±^™p& i9c iwreS^^sis^ 89c
CHILDREN'S MEDIUM WEIGHT RIB- ;, . '
BED LISLE FINISHED -HOSE.~ doubla '¦ V '• CVTD A ; DIP DADPAIMO '
¦¦i!i2S > « h t e€l .-^ n 2- to f : ,' wo , rth '' 0 ? !: "---I2ic-.' tAlKA Bib dAHuAINoi
sizes 6. to (M/4. Special price.. pair m^&a'ta' • • -• -
- : - ¦ .. . .=.-..1 , .. ., . " ... - ACCORDEON PLAITED GRASS LINEN
WOMEN'S RIBBED UNDERWEAR. ?.^™. s^ s :.. w °" h .. i '. 1 .v..^-58c
high neck and long sleeves: nil handsome-- , Ing black; regular price »1. To-day V **O «w
ly finished with silk crochet and ribbons; DUCK OVERSKIRTS, in solid colors or
not 1 ' a garment ; worth less than, iPZr*' polka dots, neatly trimmed; worth fiQ/,
. 25c. On special ;sale.. ...... ..Each ' lUW - ., as highaa Jl 75. On sale at...... Dot
OPEN TO-NIGHT UNTIL II O'CLOCK-
1212-1214 MARKET STREET,
; BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONES. •
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cane SUGAR, 19 lbs. .$1.00
Extra dry Epreckels Kefiainy.
ARMOUR'S '49 BRAND HAMS
Market has advanced. Ree. 15a.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, squara. . .35c
"We handle the best creameries ln the
city. Give us a trial and be convinced.
Regr. 45c.
BEST MISSION' EGGS, Dozen 22lz
Gathered dally." Ree. 27%c
L W. HARPER'S WHISKEY, gal..'. .$2!50
Extra Special. 10 years old. Re». $3 SO.
CHILI SAUCE, Millar's, Chicago, bot. . 20o
Ree. S0c.
NEW. MILD CAL. CHEESE, lb ../.... 12?<j
Regr. 20c. a
IMP. GINGER ALE, doz. $1.20
Corry & Co., Belfast. Ree. $1 80.
JAMS AND JELLIES, large glass jar. . .10o
San Jose Packing Co. Limit, 8 Jars
POTATOES, Choice Burbanks: box " 95o
Ree. Jl 55. . _"**"
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKEY, qt bot 95c
Res. $1 13. i - •
Sweet Cakes, Pig Bar, Cocoanut Taffy, Ib 12X0
Lemons. Nlo Xacs. Ree. 13c and 20e lto.
CORN STARCH, Purity Brand, Mb pk&. .5c
American Starch Cb. Ree. 10c.
HUILE D'OLIYE, |-gal can. . . - $1.00
Imported from Geneva. Italy. Ree. *1 25. I
TOILET PAPER, 4 large rolls. 25c
Reff. 10c roll." 1000 sheets per roll.
Webb's Breakfast Cocoa, J-lb can. .*. . ;121o
Res. 15c. Limit 4 cans. "
Macaroni, Spaghetti, Vermicelli, box 20c
Ree. 23c
EXTRA PINEAPPLE, Whole. ... 20o
SKtTSSL 1 " 1 * !? m "~ R^* J0 °-
BALTIMORE COVE OYSTERS, 3 cans. . .25o
Pelican Brand: best. Ree. 12%e.
Our Country Customers • ¦
Can talcs advantage of thesa "special" sales
we ship free of charge within 100 miles, on
all orders exceeding *3. Aak for monthly
, price list— free. -
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 203. No Branch Stores.
\ ¦ '
§ DR. GREEN, Specialist." i
I DISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY CURED. I
I <j| Emma Spmktls BoiMlag. Booms 413-419, <•>
<£> Offica Hours: 10 A. M. to 3 P. M., 7 to 9 P. M. li>
® Sundiys, 10 A. M. to 2 P. M. ®
.NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
; I/BARNT -AND WASHINGTON ST3.-RE-
/J« "^e 1^ a n<l renovated. KINO WARD &
?P: European P'an. Rooms. 50c to $1 K iday;
» *» W week; »S to »20 month. Free batS.: hoi
and cold water every room ; flra crates la «v*ry
room; elevator runs all night
¦•-Hole's. J - .?
iCOCliiiplJ . we've only two
*.-** • w i Lii. ' *uiix6s over
. . ' ' '• th© shoulders; the
/£ow5o^l°* tri IS? !ie 5 wIth V 2113 a ? d De £ e d; th© backs fit tight. Now th© only
?« }^ sain , l3 we but two sIzes - S 2 and 34. but If you happen
-69c elther of these slzes vou w 111 set a splendid wrapper at a very low price
98c -ErSsr """"* "•«••'¦»• '$1.45 #• '"- H? °-"i??f
- . . p h**« ¦*«-': Wrappers that were $1.75,
These are in dark colors, also: mads $2.25, $2.95 and $3.75.
with ruffles over th© shoulders and This is an Interesting gTOup; most of
/around yoke; backs are pleated, fronts %g £f sleev£? d a rTund b^ttonTifa
are loose; around the bottom Is a dee P flounce; patterns are mostly flg-
*«o.« fl,-v,,v,,-,. ~i~*>~ •>» - a fn i ures and stripes. Now don't expect to
deep flounce: sizes,. 32 and 34 only; flnd every si £ e ln every lot. but we're
98c ~ sure to have your size somewhere.
Pleated Satin Belts 25c.
v-.iThe buckle alone is worth 25c, and they are either steel, gilt or enamel —
the satin is heavily pleated, and shaped to fit the waist perfectly— it is quite
an unusual offer. We came across a gross. in an irregular way.
As a companion offer to these 25c belts we will sell
Tucked Satin Belts for 50c— 4 Inches wide ln the back and graduated to the
front; finished with a metal buckle; it's one of the most perfect fitting belts: we
make it ln our own work room; that's why It Is 50c, and that's why we have diffi-
culty in keeping up with the demand.
Special School Book Dep't.
All the schoolbooks are here. Fixed so you can find what you want
readily and quickly. , And stationery sundries, too — blank books, pencils,
pens, sponges, et£ -
And School Stockings— and DRESSES and HATS..
Look to us foryour school furnishings. . " "
tdztr* "73* HZnstmelec? 't /^sr%&
ChamfoerP&ifeoy'
They are big 10-quart pails, made of the celebrated
Royal steelware — a good, true quality.
It's selling such qualities as thi3 at prices like this
that has given our downstairs" store such prominence
JSlp^a&w 1^ ofthepopu-
( * ferity, of our
glasses, because we know
they deserve it. It took :
years of study and prac-
tical experience to pro^
duce them, and their ex- '
tensive use is a. substan-
tial proof that those '. who
wear them find them
f, beneficial.
J»TAKliABPOPTKAL€a
N7 Kearo;ey_5k:v5ai\ fr^ciico