no_textlage at what they considered a fair
amount. No money is asked for, but
each district must make and deliver so
many pounds of copra, the dried kernel of
the cocoanut, which Is the chief native
product. Formerly the natives could only
get a- cent a pound from the traders for
their copra, but I have sold it by tender
for nearly two cents, a considerable gain.
In this way we raise a revenue of about
$7500, which is sufficient to defray the
modest expenses of our administration.
One thing we have not got yet, and that
is a Government house. I am going to see
about it when I reach Washington, and
hope to get funds enough to build a neat
little bungalow somewhere on the shores
of Pago Pago, which will serve as head
quarters for the administration. Up to
the . present," as . commander of the Ab
arenda as well as Governor of the islands,
,1 havo lived on board ship. But when the
coaling, stationhs completed and the Ab
arenda-is .- a house will be
needed. I suppose the Navy Department
will always keep a vessel stationed there,
otherwise it will be necessary to have a
small permanent white garrison, say fif
teen marines. I have already formed a
miniature native army of fifty-€lght en
listed Samoans, who make excellent sol
diers. They pick up their drill with mar
velous rapidity, and their discipline Is
perfect, l could easily increase this force
if necessary, as there is no trouble about
obtaining recruits, but happily a larger
army Is . not needed.
Manua, the other principal island over
which I have charge, is some sixty miles
away, so that, it is more rarely visited.
I have pursued the "same policy there,
with slight modifications, to suit tho pe
culiar character of the people. The
Manuana,. being so Isolated, ' have some
strange oustoms, unknown to the rest of
Samoa. They used to have a Queen,
whom they regarded -with the greatest
awe and reverence. They, worshiped her
talnous for cultivation, and there ore na
large level areas suitable for plantations.
The only native industry is the produc
tion of copra, which is purchased by the
traders or exchanged for European goods.
Healy, Ttbblts & Co., the contractors for
the coaling station, have about thirty
white employes, hut I have only had trou
ble, with them on one occasion, when I
had to adopt tho extreme course of de
porting a man. He was an ugly-tempered
fellow, a deserter from the navy, and at
the Fourth of July celebration endeavored
to stir up a flsrht among tha natives. He
grossly insulted tho officer who stopped
him, and In consequence was arrested
and sentenced to several months' Impris
onment. I gave him the option of serv
ing out his sentence or going to Ban
Francisco, and he chose the latter course..
The lesson had a wholesome moral effect.
both on the whites and natives, and all
classes and colors now dwell tog ether
in the utmost harmony, -•
UMMA2* JER TILLEY of the
ff United States Navy is not, at
first sight, a vory imposing
looking personage. In fact, he la n
somewhat small and insignificant
man, but his face wears a kindly ex
pression, and his blue eyes light up
with a pleasant gleam whenever ha
speaks. There is nothing overbearing
;\tout his manner, and In spite of tho
hi?h rank which he holds he has evi
d«mtly never acquired the domineering
hi vbit. He is just the kind of a man
to vrln the affection and confidence of
n limple-minded, semi-savage, sus
picious race like the Samoans. And
this is what Tilley has done. He has
achieved a peaceful victory of infin
itely' more value to the world than
man; r a deed of war. He has made a
T^fir o, small though it be, happy an-1
prosperous. He has been the first to
show t]ie world that Uncle Sam can
govern. a colony wisely and well. For
the sprtoe of more than a year he has
been absolute ruler over the people
of Tutuila, subject only to the con
trol of tiie far-away administration
in -Washington. Wisely enough, the
Cabinet lias let Commander Tilley
have M» own way entirely, and the
result has "been peace and prosperity
throughout the little group of isles.
There are 'five altogether under the
control of the "United States. Tutuila,
the largest, has a population of some
four thousand souls, and is of the
greatest Importance because it pos
sesses the magnificent harbor of
Pago Pago, the finest haven in the
South Seas. Here all the warships be
longing to TJncle Sam could ride in
safety without the slightest crowd
ing, and here we are constructing a
magnificent coaling: station and pier,
at a cost of over $300,000. Indeed,
It is safe to say that if it were not
for this harbor the TJnited Stat«3
would never have dreamed of acquir
ing an interest in the Samoan group.
"Ma-nun, with a population of 20O0,
'comes next, and then there are the
smaller islets of Tau, Olesanga and
Ofu. This is the little cluster of trop
ical reef and rock over which Com
mander Tilley. rules, and here is the
tale of his administration as he tells
it for The Sunday Call.
THE annexation of Tutulla actually
took place on the, 17th of February,
1900. but it was the 4th of April be
fore we received news of the event.
Amid general jubilation we hoisted
Old Glory on the hill above Swimming
Point, Just Inside the entrance to Pago
Pago. Here the coaling station, which is
to be finished . next October. Is being
erected, and here, for the present, is the
seat of government.
Though only Just appointed Governor. I
was not a stranger to the native ways
and customs. I had been in Samoa over
a year as commander of the Abarenda,
stationed at Pago Pago In order to super
vise the erection of the . coaling station.
Thus I had had ample time to study the
strange ways and customs of the Tutul
lans, and as soon as my commission came,
was all ready to go ahead. Moreover, I
was fortunte enough to secure an Invalu
able assistant, Mr. E. w. Gurr, a gentle
man who has spent many years In Sa
moa, and who Is thoroughly conversant
There were • many Injurious customs,
which had. existed from time immemorial,
which could only be abolished by general
consent. Chief among- these was the prac
tice of going on malangas, or large picnic
parties. A whole village would suddenly
make up Its mind to take a wandering
holiday. All work would be dropped and
the merry party would start on its trav
els. With the Samoans the virtue of hos
pitality Is developed to an excessive de
gree, and it was the bounden duty of
each village to lavishly entertain the vl3-
I considered that the best way to gov
ern these people was to let them govern
themselves. The Samoans are still in tho
patriarchal state; the head of each house
hold Is supreme ruler of his own little
family and these chiefs. In turn, form a
council which governs each village. Each
town is practically Independent of the
other, though there is a parliament, or
fono, for every district, which, however,
used to do little more than talk. My aim
was to modify this system so as to adapt
it to the reauirements of civilized gov
ernment without at the same time inter
fering with the deeply rooted customs of
the people or wounding their susceptibili
ties in any way. To achieve this I fol
lowed the plan which haa proved so suc
cessful in Fiji, of appointing native chiefs
as local magistrates, or governors, In each
district
The great trouble was the superabund
ance of material available. Nearly every
other man 'was a chief and. naturally,
they all sought the coveted positions.
There was no question about the head
chief, Mauga. He was undoubtedly the
man of highest rank in Tutuila, but the
minor chiefs all seemed to have equal
claims to precedence. However, after an
exhaustive genealogical research we got
the right men selected, and the natives
themselves - elected them magistrates.
Then we held a general council, and very
sensibly the natives began to institute
their own reforms.
The natives of Tutulla are naturally a
kindly, gentle, simple-minded race, and It
was only due to the lack of good govern
ment that they developed warlike tenden
cies. Before the annexation there was
practically no central administration on
Tutuila, for the allegiance to the King of
Samoa was purely a nominal affair, to be
set aside whenever the natives chose. The
Inevitable result was a long series of petty
tribal wars, which, though they caused
little loss of life, kept the country in a
continual state of ferment. The men on
one side of the Island were always threat
ening war against those on the other; the
natives, ever apprehensive of conflict,
would not take the trouble to cultivate
their yam and taro plantations, and food
was very scarce. They argued., with some
show of reason, that it was no use plant
ing things when an enemy might come
along any day and destroy them. Leone,
the chief town, or village, was surrounded
by a high stone wan, the only place so
fortified in the islands, and was practical
ly always in a ptate of siege.
I put a ston, at once to this lamentable
condition of affairs. The first thing I did
Was to disarm, the natives. They gave
up their guns readily enough without
compensation, though I hope to induce tho
administration to pay for them. Mostly
they were very poor weapons— old . Snlders
and Remingtons, with the stocks badly
worm eaten, but then they were capable
of killing men and the people were bcJWer
without them.
with the language nnfl hanus or. trie peo
ple. I appointed him Secretary for Native
Affairs and he still net* In thnt enpneity.
My tnsk w«h made nattier liecauso the »
annexation wna vary popular among. the'
native*. They greeted th« Stars and
Stripes with tho utmost enthusiasm and
gladly swore alltglanco to tho United
States. This was in striking contrast to
the scene when the German flag was
hoisted on Upolu. Thero tho natives bit
terly resented foreign domination— they
wanted, only tho Sumoan flag. They got
out their war spears, blackened their
faces, and a fight seemed Imminent. How
ever, under the wIbo nnd kindly adminis
tration of Dr. Solf, the Governor of Ger
man Samoa, matters soon quieted down,
and affairs on this part of the group nre
now nearly as satisfactory as In my own
territory.
Horn. iMnre* were nom, an me i>rgs wrr«
kllU'd nnd fun nnd feasting wns the order
of tlio iliiy. Thin went on ns long »* t ho
tiujipllrH ludtr-d, und when the resources of
iun< village Kuvo outfthci i Uourlst* moved
on to tin. next. Of cdur»o, "when, the vis
itors returned to their homes this bound
less hospitality hud to b« reciprocated, w»
thnt tinTr was always a miilangu going
on •omowhere. • •
This system led to n *hnm«ful wnsta of
food and Induced improvident habits. If
n villa gn hml nothing to rnt It would ro
wont-where Hbo and ret. food. If, how
cvtr, provisions were plentiful othern
could romi! nnd cat with them. Thus no
one ever thought of laying up stores for
the morrow, and If there was a general
failure of the crops the natives often Buf
fered Bevorely from lack of food. The
llrst council decided unanimously to pro
hibit malnngas, and tho custom was drop
ped at once, for tho natives are wonder
fully law abiding and obedient.
Another curious custom which had to
be stopped was the presentation of fine
mats at weddings and other ceremonials.
These mats, from a Samoan point x ot view,
constitute the most valuable kind of prop
erty. They are woven with great care
from a species of pandanus fiber and tho
making of one of them will occupy a
skilled woman for a couple of yenrs.
Every householder possesses a number of
them. They are handed down from gen
eration to generation ns heirlooms. The
older and more ragged they are the more
precious they become. As they are never
sold for cash, their value can only be ap
proximately estimated in American
money.* but taking their equivalent
in native produce they are worth
all the way from $1 to $500. Now,
•whenever there was a , big wed
ding all the bride's relatives were com
pelled by custom to make presents of fine
mats, in return for which the bride
groom's people gave an equivalent
amount in food or in trader's goods, such
as cotton prints, biscuits, salt, beet, etc.
This practice led to an enormously waste
ful expenditure, so that a big wedding
often impoverished a whole village for
years. Also, whenever a chief of impor
tance died a large number of fine mats
M r ere burled with him and there was
much, accompanying feasting. All thes^
things now .belong to the past and the
people are correspondingly benefited.
As the Samoana are naturally a virtu
ous people, I have left their marital cus
toms undisturbed, except that It is now
necessary to get a certificate of permis
sion from the native Governor before the
ceremony. Then the couple are free either
to go to the missionary and have a relig
ious service or to get united In the old
fashioned native way, fa'a Samoa. Of
course, I have not interfered in any way
with the religious belief of the people,
The missonaries go on with their work
of evangelizing and educating just as fop
fore annexation. The lvsndon Missionary
Society, under the charge of Dr. Cooper,
has by far the largest number of con
verts; In fact, In a rellgloua sense, It dom
inates the group. The society, which
teaches an absolutely unsectarlan form of
Christian worship, has churches and
schools all over the islands and a new
high school for girls has Just been com
pleted at Leone at a cost of over $10,000,
I cannot speak too highly of the excellent
work dono by this missionary body and
am doing all in my power to assist it. :
On the other hand we have a number
of Mormon apostles whom I would be
heartily glad to get rid of. Not because of
their peculiar religious views, but because
of the Injurious effect they have on the
native mind. These so-called apoatles
come to the Islands without any money
and perforce must exist on native hospi
tality. They live In the same manner and
place themselves on the same level with
the Samoans. In consequence they, do far
more harm than good. Their action tenda
to lower the prestige of the white man
and to. make Increasingly difficult the
work. of the legitimate mission
aries. A- missionary should not be de
pendent upon the people he Is trying to
convert. He 6hould live. In good style. In
a good house, so ns to raise instead of
lower the native Ideas of comfort. The
London Society missionaries do this, and
so ought the Mormons.
The' taxation question was a serious
problem at first; for Samoans, like most
other people, naturally object to be taxed
by others. Here again I turned to Fiji
for example, and settled the matter by
allowing the natives to tax themselves for
their own benefit. Money was needed to
defray the expenses of administration,
and the native councils. assessed each.vil-
», highly, indeed, that fie was naTtrjd
lowed to (s*v» her house, and WMjruAXfl
ed cloaelynaay and night. **•£??£*: t
naturally fell 111 under such treatment,
and one night, a few years a*©, the nous*
caught fire and she was » uff0 «^ t 1 * d \ A f 2?I
urally. there were no other candidate* tor
the vacant crown, and. when I l °°*
charge Manua was getting along as bgjj
it could without a monarch. I •#P OIn *?S
a King, who. of course, Is In reality only
a high chief, subject to tny <*> nt ™V h ™*
the natives ar« quite satisfied, and have
now abandoned the custom of impruon
"^he white population of the group Is
very small, and Is not likely to IncrtaM
much, as there ere few opportunities tor
commerclul development. Though the
soil Is very rich, the country Is too moun-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
OUR FLAG IN SAMOATHE SUNDAY CAI/L.
Sj=^ROWNL\G should be an ..ecMeit
JJ of the yast if the latest theory ful
£1=^ fil!s the claims of its supoorters.
Acetylene gas is the tny3tertous
agent of rescue. The principle 'p.. he aiitl
den liberation Inan elastic receotaclc of
a gas which has a strong upward drawto?
force sufficient to raise the object to
which it is attached to the surface of the
water and to keep it there, f-
Equally simple is the application cf the
.principle. Attach to your person a tiny
receptacle containing in two separate
chambers a substance known as calcium
acetylid and water. The union of these
two immediately generates acetylene gas,
which is held by an elastic . pocket at
tached to the meta! receptacle.
This distilled pocket will make its way
to-the top of the water in spite of any
number of obstacles, and Is more reliable
than a whole crew of life savers.
This little gas generator may be used
to protect boats, rafts and buoys, ~.s v/ell
as human bodies. The inventors of the
new system, Messrs. L. • Matignon fr. Co.,
of Paris, make a special point of this, in
view of. the great saving . of' property
which it will make possible. In ihe case
of either of these small affairs or of large
vessels the generator may be set in opera
tion by an electric wire In case of acci
dent. The absolute ¦ lack of complicated
machinery and the. fact that not a soc
ond of time need be lost make the acety
lene system especially practicable.
Even the raising and floating of -esselp
already sunk is said to be likewise within
the powers of actylene used in 'consider
able quantities.
To Abolish Death by
Drowning.
What We Contribute
to Royalty.
THE United Stetes contributes a vast
eum of money regularly to the sup
port of foreign sovereigns. The
money Is not paid as tribute, but in
the form of Interest upon many millions
cf dollars invested by these potentates.
It is generally supposed that several
royal personages own real estate in New
York. As a matter of fact their holdings
consist of railroad and industrial stocks
and United States bonds.
Queen Victoria is believed to have de
rived an income of $700,000 annually from
her American investments. She has been
generally credited with owning a large
interest In the Bowling Green building,
though as a matter of fact her money was
nearly all Invested in stocks. Her hold
ings Included American Sugar, American
Steel and Wire, Tennessee Coal and Iron
and one or two railroad stocks unknown.
King Edward, when Prince of Wales,
enjoyed a considerable Income from Am
erican railroad holdings. The property
has since been transferred to his son
George.
The Emperor of Germany has holdings
In the Union and Southern Pacific,, Il
linois Central and Atchison Railroad
bonds. His wife has, besides, about a
half-million In American railroad hold-
Ings, and it is believed that several other
members of the royal family are interest
ed to considerable amounts.
The Czar of all the Rueslas Is said to
be the best informed of all European sov
ereigns on American railroad interests.
The Czar's Investments are very Aeon-
WHEN. something less than thirty
years ago. one of Southern Cal-
ifornia s thrifty pioneers Intro-
duced. as a feature of his arbo-
etum. a strange species of < ma-
mental grass from the distant pampas of
South America, he little dreamed the fu-
ture that awaited his novel importation,
Wlthin a decade after the planting of that
alien grass root It had proved to be the
nucleus of an Industry without a parallel
in uniqueness, while its beautiful filmy
product was destined to become one of
the nation's most exalted emblems.
In its general aspect the plant was
wholly unlike any other botanical sped-
men indigenous to the continent. In
every sense favored by soil and climatic
conditions, its development seemed all
that cculd be desired# and at the ggj of
the first year It presented the appearance
of a graceft!, c- uster >, f r; bbon _lik-e i Paves
shuotir.g upward from a common center,
lhe ends drooping Symmetrically on every
Kide. However, there was as yet no evl-
de. :te of jiiturin*, but. instead, it con-
tTnued to thrive until., at the end of th*
sixth year, it had attained the splendid
proportions of a dozen feet in height :iy as
many yarCs in circum ference. {
But the most remarkable feature of this
product of the Argentine wilds consisted
in its splendid snow-white plumes which
began appearing about the fourth year
and by the sixth literally enveloped the
Immense grass plant in a delicate, fleece-
like mantle. Though exquisitely beautiful
to look upon, these stately shaft- were
exceedingly fragile and when handled
their subtle floret* would dissolve almost
as readily as thistle down. However, from
the earliest appearance of the plumes the
cultivator determined, if possible, to de
vise some process whereby their preservat
ticn might be encompassed. After much
experimenting this was finally accum
plished, with the result that an immediate
demand for the perfected product was es
tublfehed. So universally was this interest
manifested that the owner of the plant
resolved upon attemrtlns the cultivation
of its species on a more pretentious scale.
and to this end made a considerable Im
portation of the grass from it? native
heaths
the driven snow of -winter, the white
crested waves of the sea— all these are
Blmilar but inadequate comparisons.
And such a scene is the more appre
ciable because of its rarity, for itjs only
jthrough negligence that a field of
It Is a matter of no small ( wonderment
that, notwithstanding the Immense areas
devoted to pampas grass culture In Cali
fornia, not a single plume was included
among other American products at the
recent Paris - Exposition. This omission
was rendered the more noticeable from
the fact that en various occasions when
the representatives of other nations dis
played the American flag as a mark of
respect to our country, there, likewise,
was exhibited as a recognized emblem of
Americanism, the peerless pampas pfume.
JOSE DE OLJVARES.
In addition to its popularity abroad,
the pampas plume enters extensively in
to decorative art here in America. Espe
cially is it. sought for at Christmas-tide,
its snowy appearance rendering it singu
larly appropriate to this joyous occasion.
At the floral carnivals annually observ
ed in Southern California it invariably
excites the keenest admiration, alike on
the part of visitors and residents, the
most marvelous creations in the way of
ornamental designs being effected
through its medium. .
But one of the most graceful tributes
ever bestowed on the stately pampas^
plume was its adoption two years ago
as the decorative emblem of the Repub
lican National Convention. On the occa
sion of- the Presidential nominations of
that year and the one following, thou
sands of these ' splendid white plumes
were waved. by the multitude in attend
ance as a token of future victory, peace
and prosperity.
it will be seen that unless some means is
devised whereby the wornout plantations
can be redeemed by reasonable methods
the damage to lands resulting from tha
• industry will seriously conflict with tha
profits derived therefrom. That some
such remedy may speedily be discovered
will be devoutly hoped by all who have
ever beheld this beautiful California
product.
"While pampas grass is cultivated Wore
or less throughout the entire district of
Southern California by far the most at
tention is given to . the Industry in the
county of Santa Barbara, where the
plant was first introduced. Of recent
years a serious impediment to the in
dustry has developed, the circumvention
of which is yet to be accomplished. Thl3
difficulty lies in the fact that many of
the most extensive pampas plantation?
have exhausted their productiveness,
while so compactly have the roots of
the aged plants become imbedded in the
soil that their removal would mean the
wrecking, from surface to hardpan. . of
the entire area covered. In cases where
the moving of such specimens is impera
tive it Is frequently found necessary to
first undermine the plant and then de
molish it with a heavy blast of dynamite.
But even in such. instances there remains
a great, unsightly cavity which must be
filled in with soil secured elsewhere. Thus
what resemBle immature corn tassels,
their prevalent color being a dingy gray.
They are next carried to the drying
grounds near at hand, where they are laid
out in long symmetrical rows and allowed
to remain exposed to the sunshine until
thoroughly bleached and cured. The
. plumes are now of a beautiful fluffy
whiteness, and It only remains to gather
them up and pack them in cases for ship
ment.
The best market for pampas plumes is
in Germany, and accordingly a large per
centage of the annual yield is shipped to
that country. The prices realized from
the product vary somewhat with each
year, but the yield is invariably enor
mous, which usually Insures the grower
satisfactory returns. As with all other
producers the pampas planters can cite
some truly phenomenal profits enjoyed by
their Industry at various intervals in the
past.' As, for example, some years since
a certain small producer who had two
and a half acres set to pampas grass sold
his annual crop for $1750, making his land
yield him at the rate of 5700 the acre.
Thus the pampas industry came to be
established in Southern' California, and
so remunerative did it prove, that within
the space of a few years numerous plan
tations, representing vast areas of valu
able lands, became, devoted "to the new
commodity. In laying out a pampas
plantation the young grass roots are' set
out In regular parallel rows,' the same
order being observed as in the planting
of an ordinary orchard, excepting, that
much greater space Is allotted'to each
plant. Once thoroughly started, but lit
tle encouragement is essential to the
growth of the grass, its extreme hardi-
There is ¦ nothing of a corresponding
character in horticulture, or for that mat
ter in all nature, that "will quite equal In
stately magnificence— In. unblemished pur
ity and grace— the imposing spectacle of
a pampas field in full . plume ! j Beautiful i
. as are ' the " cotton fields : of- the . South — j
«»^g^ : ¦•'-¦- • ¦-- -¦•-,¦ ;:¦¦;._., : -.•¦ : '
ness rendering It almost totally Imper
vious to drouth. Interference from weeds
or other vegetation is likewise unheard
of, .by reason^ of the superior absorbing
qualities of the pampas- root." About the
fourth year the yield of plumes begins,
and from this period onward the planta
tion becomes a source of.revenue. ':-'¦¦ «
Is ever allowed .to unsheath Its plumes,
the latter, as a rule being gathered while
still incased in their plumes. . It Is only
by ; this premature method of harvesting
that the durability of the product' Is In
sured.
The gathering of a pampas crop is an
exceedingly novel procedure . and- necessi
: tates I great activity • and "watchfulness on
the part 1 : of the. harvesters. The' pluck
ing of the plumes Is usually accomplished
by .men. and boys who ; . carry the product
by the arm-load to the husking booths,
where the plumes are Btripped off by
women. . At . this. stage . the- plumes some-
"While f there Is a strong . movement in
Ireland for the. revival of the ancient lan
guage, It * Is ¦ different ; in •Wales. A' poll
taken at .Cardiff on : the questfon whetb-sr
children- in the board schools should .be
taught the ; Welsh language has resulted
In a majority of 670 votes against It.
United States Commissioner of Education
the , average salary for supervising api
teaching in public schools is in Bostoi,
$1,065 77; in Chicago. >892 03;-San Fran
cisco, $879 27: Cincinnati. : $36S 31; Denver.
$834 42; New York, $312 05;. Washington,
$754 96; Plttsburg, $703 72; Philadelphia,
$698.02. :' > ; ;".-\ -'
According to the latest report of the
3
CULTIVATING A NATIONAL
EMBLEMTHE SUNDAY CALL.
4
OMETHING Is doing among the •*•
V~>, women of San Francisco. Mrs. May
Vj Wright Sewall is here. She
P""^ couldn't *be here and not cause
something to . happen— it always
does, wherever she goes. She ir here talk
ing about the International Council of
Women.
What the upshot will be. It Is too soon to
say. Perhaps San Francisco women will „
be calling themselves part of the National,
and later of the International councils.
At any rate, it is pretty certain that they
will do a deal of talking, and. better yet.
of thinking. .
Mrs. May Wright Sewall Is president of
the International- Council of Woman. Un
til lately this' has been a rather vague
phrase in th* ears of the Westerner. Now J
we are learning what it all means. It is 4
this wav: . • "'•'-
Women everywhere are banded Into
clubs, societies, associations. They have a
thousand various objects. Some are edu- i
catjonal along different lines; sciences and
literature and music and art. Others are
charitable; others are reformative. Others
are anything and everything that can
cause organization.
Now, suppose that all these organisa
tions in one place Join together and call
themselves, as a whole, a council — a local ¦
council, they will term it. They can con
vene at times, meet and compare notes. :
A still larger banding together may call
itself a State council. .
Still the union is not complete. Local
and State councils may exist all over the
"United States and yet there is nothing to
hold together the •women of Maine and
California, of Minnesota and Mississippi.
Let all the local and the State councils
join, and we have a National council.
By this time the thing is getting pretty
big. Think of all the women's clubs of
the United States joined under one-admin
istration, and you have an association run
ning up so far into the thousands that it
Is just as well not to risk a guess at the
number.
But all the time that our women hav«
been organizing other women have been
doing the same. In thirteen countries,
besides the United States there are Na.
tior.al councils, built up in ways similar
to our way, and all clamoring for union.
This is how it' came about that the big
gest thing of all was formed. Fourteen
national ccnndls are banded Into an In
ternational council, and they count their
numbers by the millions.
An American woman Is president of that
body.
More than that, she is a "Western tto
m?in as the Atlantic coast reckons it, for
she comes from Indiana. Eager, impetu
ous, ' self-confident,' clear-headed as the
West is, one of Its women Is this interna
tional president.
She is Mrs. May Wright Sewall. a typi
cal American woman in force, indepen
dence, broad-mindedness. She is principal
of a girls' school in Indianapolis; and is
active in no end of women's clubs.
She seems to have an- Infinite capacity
for work, for- organization, for responsi
bility; The International council sized her
up In this way when It elected her.
"I can't say that I have come to ' this
coast for anything but to enjoy ms'self,"
she says, "but In talking "to Pacific Coast
women I may plant a seed that will sprout
by and by. I wish I could see you have
local and State councils that would come
into the national council.
"That is what Is wanted— union. The
West and East do not work together now
because they do not know each other. I
want to see them become, acquainted."
She looks like the one to<perform the In-
troduction.
She is a cental woman.
There Is a friendliness and an under
1 standing about her that make it quite
conceivable how she will say to the "West:
'Here is your older sister, the East, want
ing to be better friends"; and to the East:
"The West is in sympathy with your
ends." Ar_*l they must grow, nearer If she
intends that they shall.
She was found at Mrs." Swift's home on
Valencia street. Mrs. Swift is one of the
International patrons of the council, and
there is a royal lot for the two of them
to talk over.
The marked thing about Mrs. Bewail Is
what isn't marked. You will notice In
many woman's clubs, not of the first rank,
a tendency to choose for president that
woman who has the most of what is called
"presence." There Is a literary club in
one of the large towns of this State whose
president' Is the type that Gibson draws
for the ideal mother of his Ideal girl. Fine
*of feature, queenly of figure, you know;
and when she speaks In public on the
stage, you wish that she. had been willing
to remain a Gibson picture.
It Is Just this that Mrs. Sewall. presi
dent of the greatest of all woman's clubs,
is not.
She Is not tall and her manner and style
of dress would indicate that she does not
study to impress with her "presence." It
is the personality of the woman . that
counts, the woman behind the presence.
There Is a great motherliness about her;
a warm sort of outreaching to take In
every one that comes her way. Intellectu
al she must b« to have accomplished what
she has: forceiul, too, and finely educated;
but above all stands out that warmth,
that cordiality that is much deeper than
manner. These people who talk a Ereat
deal' nowadays about the thought of us
would say that she "projects love."
Apropos of that, it looks as if her hobby
were International peace. She won't own
that she has a hobby. She couldn't very
¦ well, being officially in" charge of so many
hobbies. But she can't help reverting to
that very often in her talk of the work of
her council.
In appearance she is of medium height
— barely that — and agreeably "plump In a
matronly way. Her face has individual
ity; once seen, it must be remembered.
The mouth Is firm, tight; the eyes -are
* bluish-gray, earnest' for "the most part,
now and' then twinkling with the good
tempered humor that some bluish eyes
know. They natrow almost to disappear
ing when the smile is a particularly genial
The fluffy, bluish-white hair Is the great-
She was dressed in a dainty Persian fig
ured foulard silk. Daintiness is the key
note of her personal appearance. She'is
entirely feminine in all except that splen
did executive brain, and she will not like
it that I have not called that feminine,
too.
"I shall be delighted to tell you about
the work of the International In Paris last
year," she said In her clean-cut, business-
like way. She has talked much for publi
cation and she drives directly to the point,
making every minute count.
"We held an executive session there in
the first place, and after that, on Tues
days, we field conferences." Men and wom
en of all nations attended and we had ad
dresses by the most able people who were
in Paris. The embassies were interested
in us and gave us their support In secur-
Ing the best.
"Always during those ten weeks our
watchword was Internationalism. That is
what we are striving for— to bring to
gether the women of the world, through
them to Wing together the men, and In
time to bring all nations into that perfect
understanding which shall mean peace."-
What she has -to say on tills point Js
best summed up in the letter which she
wrote to "the Czar of Russia in 1S39. She
was then retiring president of the Na
tional Council. '^
"The members of the National Council
of Women\of the "United . States," she
wrote, ','beg his . Majesty to accept their
grateful acknowledgment of ' the service
which he has been .moved '¦, to .render hu
manity. The members of. the National
Council are orga'nlzed for the promotion
Some of the Biggest Things in the World.
THE biggest diamond in the world is
the great Goblnd gem,- which weighs
nearly 450 karats/ is as big as an
average inkstand, and worth about
$450,000. Three murders and countless In
trigues and robberies have had it for their
object. It now belongs to the Rajali i ; of
Futtehpore. The smallest- diamond on
earth, can Just be seen with trie' naked
eye. A microscope shows it to be of per
fect water and brilliancy, and its actual
market value Is 'about a cent : as'" a dia
mond. As a curiosity, however, it '"Is
worth $75.
The biggest man In the world is 'Brenni,
the Swiss giant. There are several Swiss
giants, but Brenni overtops them all with
his height of nine feet seven 'inches, anirl
he is a big man in proportion. HSs clothes
cost him $73 per suit, and he cannot j^et
Into an ordinary railway carriage. Ills
opposite— the smallest man alive—is'Me
truEki, "the" little Hungarian, who. is just
under three feet high. He can get into
the clothes of an ordinary large doll,,an.'l
feel small in them. He makes more mom*y
than his big rival, making $10,000 a your
as a "freak," while the giant Brenni only
gets $6000. He Is accomplished, is much
stronger In proportion than the giant, and
will probably last longer.
' The hugest steamship afloat Just now Is
the Celtic. Her coal bunkers alone would
hold a regiment, and she makes the At
lantic passage no more than* a ferry rlrle.
The tifliest' steamshin n'n earth -nrViI^Vi turlll
carry a human being is the Thresher.
She is eight feet long, decked in, and just
carries one . man, provided he sits , still.'
Her engines are smaller than" the" 'works/
of a grandfather's clock, arid any part of
(hem can be reached with the' hands while '
sitting at : :the wheel. ; Her coal bunkers,
are about the size, of 'a valise. ¦ : t . .
Among living things the most vast is a
¦whale called . the rorqual, which, reaches"
the length of 100 feet when, if is grown
up, and has teeth longer than a man's leg.
It measures forty feet around the place**
where its waistcoat would ¦ be, if it had
one, and it can move through the water
at the rate of forty miles an hour. .It.
gets through about a ton of fish and other
fnnfl npr'dav when* in ml-mcif" Vipnltli *t-\'
say nothing of a seal or two. The littlest
thing man' has discovered in the world,
so far, is a microbe called the thexua, of
which 1C0 ,000 can find standing room . on
the head :¦ of a needle without crowding
each other, and as for. what the creature
eats. It is/too small .for the human brain
to grasp. ¦
. There is .a book called the "Worthy
Bible," which is the biggest thing of the
book kind , in .one "volume ever yet pro
duced. It Is ten feet square and two feet
thick, and contains 30,000 pages. One
may put alongside this monster the tiniest
piece of literature' ever published — an.edi
tion of- "Hajnlet"— which is. a quarter of
an inch square, contains eighty. pages, all
printed '. with ; perfect clearness, "and : needs
an' expensive magnifying glass to read It.
T -nnJsville PnnHer .Trmrnal
of religion, education, philanthropy, in
dustrial progress, civil, social and moral
reforms. -They realize that all these no
ble objects must, to a greater or less de
gree, languish in time of war, and that
they are retarded by all of the Influences,
conditions and circumstances accompany
ing war and resulting from it. ;zX~'j-,
"The women of the council believe in
the solidarity of humanity; they believe
that whatever is most, promotive of the
best interests of one nation must. In" the
end. secure the highest interests of all.
They see in the -maintenance and enlarge
ment of the present standing armies of the
world a menace to the highest civiliza
tion, to the finest culture, and to the
- realization of Christian ideals. They
therefore^ unite in the desire that hls v Ma
jesty's motives in convening a conference
to consider disarmament may receive
from all peoples the most generous inter
pretation. They unite in the hope that
his Majesty, in the execution of his be
nevolent designs, may enjoy the co-opera
tion of the governments of all civilized
countries throughout the world." * -i*'.~:.
And yet there are so many other objects
in view of the organization that she can
give only a small part of her time to the
"work of peace. The National Council de
fines Its objects thus: To .make better
known to the general public the razgni
tudp and. variety of women's work. To
avoid the multiplication of organizations
each with some special object, and thus
to secure results at less extravagant ex-
of time, money and force. To
bring together women In all lines of work,
to the end that they may be more intelli
gent respecting all others and consequent
ly more sympathetic with all others. To
give the united influence of these women
to all lines of work that all can heartily
agree upon.
And the lines of general work :of the
National Council are these: Peace and
arbitration; to work to secure the adop
tion of the international peace flag by
all organizations of women and to assist
by all means In Its power the causes of
social peace and International arbitration.
.Education' and citizenship; to introduce
into the schools of the land, public and
private, - sound and , honest Instruction In
general as well as In United States his
tory; in civil government and especially
in civic duty. Domestic science; to study
the sociological, questions affecting do
mestic life and. to diffuse the results of
such studies. Dress: To promote study
for the hygienic and esthetic Improve
ment of women's dress and to arouse pub
lic sentiment in favor of greater attention
to health, ease and beauty therein. The
admission of women to equality with men
m the work of the church of whatever
denomination. Other lines are: Equal
pay for equal work, divorce reform, so
cial purity.
You see, this Just covers the objects of
the' various organizations that make up
the' council. "Wlien the council meets rep
resentatives "from Its different organiza
tions present their own' work before the
general body. "When the International
meets the 'same' comparing: of notesttafcta
place, but bet-ween nations instead of *>
stateai' •¦-•"'¦"¦
' There are now fourteen nations repre
sented In the great council, and that,
means a total membership of 7,000,000. The"
figures tell their own story.
Seven more" countries are on the verge
of Joining, "and it is probable that at the
next quinquennial, which will be held in
Berlin in 1904, there will be twenty-one na
tions represented. y
Those at present belonging come from
the uttermost parts of the earth. Not only
do the greater nations, such as England,
the United States, Germany and France,
belong, but such as New South Wales,
New Zealand and Tasmania. All docu
ments are printed in English, French and
German: addresses are delivered In these
languages.
"The whole trouble between the "West
and East is that they have never been
brought together," Mrs. Sewall says.
"They are friendly as far as the wish
goes."" .
That Is the thing that must b« over
come If the national wurkils to ba com
plete. Buffalo will this summer see an
executive'sesslon of the National Council;
that may- draw * "Western women, • she
hopes. Its triennial, to meet In Y/ashing
ton next February, should draw more, i
California .boasts some national patrons.
They are Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Mrs. Emma
Shafter Howard, Mrs. Julia Sanborn and .
Mrs^ Mary "Wood Swift, who is also an In
ternational patron. These are the people
who will nourish the seed that Mrs.
Sewall has planted In California.
"What it means to be an International
patron is touched upon in a letter which
Mrs. Sewall wrote Mrs. Swift.
"I know you will be interested in. seeing '
what work you have been aiding," she
wrote, "and I* confess with gratitude that
the work which was done at Paris couid
not have been undertaken at all but for
our patrons. I think much good was ac
complished by this work. You have the
satisfaction of feeling thnt you were a di
rect and important contributor.
"My own view of the patrons Is that
they, occupy the position of a board of ad
;. visors — that they constitute a sort of privy
council, to any one of whom the president
may apply for -advice or help. I. am
helped every day as I go feebly forward
in my efforts by the .reflection that you a?
a patron are at my back; that you as a
patron are at the back of the council; that
It' and I have the support of your alll- 1
ance." • •
And this woman, this enterprising
American woman, elected to preside over
7,000,000 other women, closes with: ' ;
"Any International movement Is. not a
question of days— Is hardly a question, of
years; rather a question of decades.. ; 1
find that what/tha international work if
schooling me to more than anything. els.f i
is patience. I believe, however, that pa
tience pays. By this I mean only that it
is essential to the world's peaceful pro
gress that the women of the world shall
come into such international relations
tha&lntimate relations among the men of
; the^rorld shall be made possible." • ...
¦&}', SARAH COMSTOCK. R
Twentieth Century
Club WomenThe second Fourth of July was not such
a stirring one for the Oregon as that
never-to-be-forgotten Fourth at Santiago.
The. Oregon had ;been in^ the Ungayen
Gulf, where . she had done . some fighting
andj had j rescued the Paragua, which- had
run aground and ; was surrounded by in
surgents, who' fired; on. her 'from block
houses.';Provi3ions were short on air the
gunboat|. : , and '-/the .. Oregon's plentiful
stock was sadly depleted through. sharing
From -the ..Logy. of W. Kv
- . Morris, Ship's Writer,
Oregon.-
MaeSIa Bay
SECOND FOURTH
1899
on sea Is something to remember to the
grave.
Scarcely had the first ship cleared the
harbor entrance before a Bhot from one
of the Oregon's sfr-pounders, manned by
marines, sounded sharp and clear, and
the battle of the century w'as on. The
American ships closed in, and the Spanish
or-eced with a volley, which was Imme
diately • returned. this Juncture the
tcrpedo boats had .cleared the entrance
and were headinff for our ships at full
speed with a view j of torpedoing them.
¦\Vcrd was passed to man the starboard
guns. The secondary batteries of all the
ships within gun range were immediately
tralred upon the torpedo boats, but it was
a well-directed shot from the after six
inch starboard gun of the Oregon that
struck one of the torpedo boats amid
ships and seemed to part her in two, after
which she' headed for the shore, barely
able to reach it. The other 'torpedo boat
was sunk by the secondary batteries of all
the ships. /
Great shells . from the Spanish ships
were passing over us, and their madrush
through th© air. told their destructive
powers. The Oregon was a sheet of
flame from the firing of other. guns and
dense columns of smoke partially ob
scured our view of the enemy. The men
below deck were heaving coal Into the
Colon, far ahead. X n « Oregon and the
Brooklyn steam within • close ; proximity
of the Colon with guns trained on her..
A boat from the Brooklyn is sent to.re-.
ceive the surrender. Our. men cheer Cap
tain Clark again and again. In a broken .
voice he begs them to cheer themselves.
"It was you who did it, not I, men," he
says.
That night "we remained in the vicinity
of the sunken Colon. •When the morning
of the Fourth broke we steamed back
over, the scenes* of our triumph and
viewed ' with deepest curiosity the deeds'
of cruel war. i
We arrived among the fleet and took '
our usual station. At noon we fired a
national salute in honor of the Fourth.
"We had three wounded prisoners from
. the Colon on board, and when" the salute
was fired they became frightened and "
feared another battle was on. ....¦¦
After resuming our station Commodore
• Watson transferred his broad pennant to ¦
the Oregon and said he would have given
his right leg to have been aboard the'
Oregon during . fight. ! We pray God
that the Oregon may know many, other
happy Fourths— but we who lived through
it feel that she can never know, a more
glorious, memorable Fourth of July, than
that of '98 with Santiago and the Spanish'
fleet her own. . .--"j :\ ; , . . •
¦ . -¦ y •-' • -...-.¦.
yawning furnaces. The thunderous roar
of the -big guns was deafening and the
saltpeter from the powder smarted our
eyes. . • . .
Suddenly some one shouted "She's on
fire," and the cheers rang loud. Present
ly another vessel is oA fire and the sweat
ing, battle-frenzied men again cheer mad
ly. The Maria Teresa is on the beach a
mass bf flames, her crew in distress, her
flag lowered and the Oquendo is likewise
heading shoreward meeting- a similar fate,
but fighting and doing the best she can:
By this time the Colon and Viscaya ~
have steamed well ahead and are nearly
out of range. The Oregon is rushing,mad
ly on, shelling the Oquendo as • she
passes. The s Oregon continues to gain,
firing upon the Viscaya. The other Ameri
ican ships are ' far behind, save the
Brooklyn, which is on our. N port bow and
well out. The Viscaya, too, N ls on fire and
we are rapidly gaining and continuing a
fierce fire with all the guns that can be
brought to bear upon her. Soon she Is
hit in the quarter by. a big shell- which
seems to raise her stern out [ot the water
and she Is headed full speed for the
shore. She lowers her flag and • the
Oregon steams on, leaving the Viscaya
to the American ships coming rapidly
astern.
Now there Is but one left, the fleeing
f - M
Who would ever have predicted that the
stanch Oregon would spend her third
'Fourth of July listed on the rocks at
Howky Light Straits, In the Gulf of
Pechlll? No one knew at- what moment •••
our beloved Oregon wouU be swallowed
by lashing waters.' For days" and days
she had been on the rocks there, with but
a dim hope of ultimate, safety. "We on
board were prepared to jump for the al
ready lowered lifeboats at the first sJgn
that the ship could no longer hold Its
own. But the fact that our lives ' were
comparatively safe did little to lessen our
sorrowful fears lest the Oregon should
come to harm. "The Fourth will be the
fatal day," we said all along, as the tug
ging and straining to get her off proved
unsuccessful. We made up our minds that
she would slide off or sink on the Fourth
of July.
We had left Hongkong on June 23,' and .
on the 28th a heavy fog and strong cur
rents carried us out" of our course, and
we struck the rocks. Collision quarters
sounded and the men-' went to their sta
tions to close the water tank doors. Then
we stood by to abandon ship. We loved
the Oregon, every one of us, and the
thought of her going down, unnen-ed U3
.more than the danger to our lives. When
she gave evidence of holding her own for
a while at Iea3t Captain Wilde gave or- '
ders for the men to go to work.
Night and j day those men worKea as
¦men only work when their hearts are In
accord with their hands. If they could
¦ save the Oregon they didn't care whether
they ate or slept. The diver reported that
the hole was eighteen feet wide and
twenty-four feet long and she was listed
to the starboard within two de
grees of keeling over. The Eng
-IJsh wrecking company from the
other side of the island sent, a
large crew and a steam launch and 'two
ten-inch pumps. Through the heroic as
sistance of the men of life Oregon they
managed to cork up the hole with can
vas, sacks or any available stuff. The
Russian, English. Japanese and Chinese
cruisers did everything In their power to
help us. But she broke nine-inch hatisera
and could not move off the rocks. AH
around us lay the hulls of vessels that
had gone to their doom In that treacher
ous strait. So far the weather had been
perfect, but we knew a storm meant sure
disaster— a heavy swell would have
dashed her to pieces.
Ori the afternoon of the 3d of July we
commenced to dress the ship for the mor
row. If she went down, we meant that
she should meet old Neptune in Fourth
of July attire. All day long on the Fourth
they tried to tow her off, but they couldn't
budge her. We had pinned our faith *to
that day of days, and when night fell like
a pall over her, still fast to the rocks, we
almost lost hope.
But on the'mornlne or tne oth, or her
own free will, at high tide, the majestic
Oregon floated off the rocks. She struck
a second reef, but again floated off that,
and on July 17 w© were safely at Kure.
the Japanese naval station;' where sha
•was repaired".
"We had dressed the Oregon In flags, not
knowing whether they would be her
shrcud or the symbols of new life. It was
tLS though the doughty ship herself,
stirred by. those emblems of the country
she had served so well, made one last
mighty effort to escape the rocks that
gored her. Still flaunting her Fourth of
July attire, the Oregon floated off to the
sea and safety.
Since 1815 the Rothschild family has
raised for Great Britain alone more than
$1,000,000,000; for Austria, $250,000,000; for
Prussia, $200,000,000; for France. $400,000,000;
far Italy. $300,000,000; for Russia. $125,000.
000; for Brazil, $70,000,000. In 1S95 they took
$15,000,000. of .the February loan of .the
United States through the Belmont-Mor
gan syndicate. _
The underground telegraph cable which
the postal - authorities have just com
pleted between London and Birmingham
in place of the overhead wires Is the long
est subterranean cable In the world. It is
117*4 miles long.
On the. Rocks Sin
tlhe GmM of
Pechili - I
From the Log of E. T. Ben
nett, Ship's Writer,/
Oregon,
¦ . . . . \ y .
*^yy FTER the famous run of the Ore
f \ gon along the South Americar
J I coast ive ccaled at Key West, and
» I on May 29, I C 23. joined the Havana
blockade. The assembled ships
cheered the Oregon, and the band on the
Indiana played the "New Bully." Tha
next morning, in company with the flas
ship New Yerk. we steamed away far
Santiago de Cuba, and then came the
weary days and nights of watchfulness
on the Santiago blockade. On the M of
July we were detailed as guard ship.
About noon that £ay smoke was sighted
in the distance and, by order from the
Brooklyn, the Oregon immediately gave
chase under forced draft until she over
hauled what we ail felt sure was a prize,
but proved to be only a newspaper boat
making for Mole St. Nicholas with all
possible speed to transmit news to the
United States. - ~,
Often afterward the merry laugh of
Captain Clark rang out on the still Santi
ago air as he told how some officers of
the fleet had comicall*- sung out when the
Oregon started on her chase after th»
tug. "There goes Clark: he's off fcr ths
Pacific again. Things are too . slow f sr
him here. Gocd-by." j
The sinking of the Merrimac was the
frfst exciting event until the 6th of Juno,
when after breakfast the buglers sounded
"Clear ship for action," the men went
quickly to their stations and soon every
thing was in readiness for firing. Slowly
the American ships steamed within range
of the forts and opened a fierce cannon
ade, which was returned with almost
equal fury by the shore batteries. Now
for the first time we were in the midst
of flying shells. Our big guns belched
forth their ponderous projectiles and the
forts returned the fire, but with poor
marksmanship. Battery after battery on
shore was silenced by the American gun
ners. The Americans finally withdrew
without the least damage from the en
emy's fire, but with a positive assurance
that the enemy had been greatly dam
aged, though they were at a loss to find
out the exact results.
On June 10 we were at Guantanamo fop
coal, and on that day forty marines from
the Oregon, in company with twenty ma-*
rines from the cruiser Marblehead. were
sent ashore under arms, thus forming th<»
first successful landing of armed troopi
on Cuban soil. "When we had finishe.l
coaling the big guns were turned upsi\
the town cf Caimanera. a distance of 75^
yards, and several shells were thrown,
into the town, doing great damage, many
of the inhabitants deserting the city in
haste.
From this on until the first of July we
continued the Mine routine before San
tiago. It was yetting monotonous and we
longed for decisive action. ' • .
On the morning cf + he 1st of July we
had an early call to general quarters.
With guns manned we steamed under
the very guns of the shore batteries, but
for some reason no firing was done and
the American fleet withdrew after invit
ing the fire of the Spanish. They would
not open fire on us though we were with
in easy range of their guns. On the aft
ernoon of that same day the flagship New
York and the Oregon threw shells over
the hills into ihe city of Santiago. The
firing lasted for about two hours, after
which they returned to their respective
positions on the blockade.
Early on the morning cf the 2d we were
again called to general quarters and bom
barded the fortifications for over two
hours. Old Morro, which thus far had
been spared, was fired on and pierced bjr
numerous shells, which exploded with ter
rific force and rent asunder her mortared
sides. Great clouds of flirt and rubbish
were thrown up, which at times partially
obscured the ancient, picturesque build
ing, which, like a lonely sentinel, seemed
to have watched the movements of the
American fleet since the first day of its
arrival there. The ensign of Spain, which
for centuries had waved over Morro. was
shot down at 6:51 a. m. by a projectile
from cne cf the Oregon's big guns. When
the clouds of dust cleared away and It
was seen that the flag of Spain was down
cheers echoed from* every ship of the
blockade.
The Oregon then steamed to within 700
yards of Jlorro and to the very entrance
of the harbor and fired upon and silenced
. the Punts. Gorda battery— a battery
which until this time had remained in
tact.
Sunday morning. July 3, dawned
beautiful and bright. The waters before
Santiago harbor were as calm and beau
tiful es the moonlit waters of a mountain
lake. The decks were washed down In
good old navy style and officers and men
were attired In their neatest and clean
est suits of white. It was the first Sun
day of the month, and every one was>ln
readiness to attend general mustfr and
give an attentive ear to the reading of
the articles of war, a customary rule in
the navy on the first Sunday of every
month. First call for quarters had
sounded and the men were assembling
In their respective 'divisions when sud
denly the gongs clang and we hear that
the Spanish fleet are coming out at last
to battle -rith us. A man's first battle
The fourth of July
and the "Oregon"
From a Description Writ
ten by Dennis E. Smith,
Corp:ra1,U. 5. M. C.
Battle of : Santiago
de Co to a
FIRST FOURTH
1898
• the larder. The men were on extremely
short rations, and when the order came
to go to Manila everybody was happy,
for square meals were in sight. We ar- l
rived at Manila on the Fourth, but too
late to take on supplies.
The other ships in Manila Bay were
dressed In gala attire, bands playing-; flags
waving and happy voices calling: across
_- the water. Hunger was gnawing too hard "
for our hearts to beat very high. But It
was the dear old Fourth, and with thft
comforting thought that on the morrow
our larder would be replenished, we man
aged to be cheerful and even join In the
national songs as the music of the bands
was wafted our way.
So, cheered by the promise of the" fat
days to follow the lean ones, we watched
' the Fourth go out on Manila Bay to the
boom of salutes* and the blare of the '
bands.
THIRD FOURTH
1900
¦'••-¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5P. S. STRflTT©N-
than any other city in tho world, pays
the heaviest tax upon its commerce. Just
what the remedy efiould be in this regard
has not been made clear. The pilot feea
should, however, be reduced, ' and the
charge made in some degree proportionate
to. the services which are rendered and
paid for elsewhere. . ¦
The Legislature has on- several occa
sions been appealed to to apply a rem-
edy to this e.vil. The Chamber of Com
merce and Board' of Trade of this city
have taken up the matter, but no agreed
system has as yet been evolved.
One off the greatest /essentials of this
port Is tho establishment of a more com
plete and cheaper system of warehouses.
Goods cannot be sent' here and buyers
always found ready at hand to make tho
purchase. The United States suspends or
Much has been said In the. past regard-
Ing the pernicious patronage system em
ployed on the harbor front. Whllo this
Is true to a greater or lesser extent, still
the blame properly rests with the Legis
lature, and not upon the commission, who
represent its will. Far and beyond . all
this, the fault lies with the fact that the
construction work has not heretofore been
permanently done; but has been built with
the Idcejof removal or renovation within
a very short period of time. ; .
The pilot laws of *hl« port present an
anomaly in that San Francisco, more
The present policy, however, is to eon*
struct atrrl or iron wharves or dooltB
with cylindrical piers filled with eometu,
This, under Improved methods, Is now but
Ing dono nt a minimum of cost, whtnH
will render the work, when complolod,
practically Indestructible. .
last twenty yeare. Million* upon million*
of (tailam hnvo open wustfd In temporary
wooden fctructuren which hava required
rebuilding at consequent pnormoua low,
According to rriy'own onnervntlon not t\
nlr.Rlo ono of tho grrnt hnrborn of th« Old
Worid iclve.8 to Its shipping nuch wrtUohyrt
facilities (is nro hern ¦Worded in Nmm
Francisco by the uio of wooden wlmrveii
ard piers.
"In bo fnr as merchnndlsn is brought here
for thp purpose of being Pent to Interior
points, whether In this Stato or through
out tho Union, a more perfect arrange
ment to this end ought to be in force.
The facilities of the Oakland harbor sug
gest themselves at once as furnishing the
proper solution for this difficulty.' It can
not . well be expected that merchandise
can be taken from vessels Into ware
houses in San Francisco and. after
v.*ard shipped across ,the bay , and
loaded u;ion cars, all of which en
tails additional and in come cases prohib
itory expense. Harbor facilities, if given
t-hfnp warehouse system covering every
clitBH of Kooda which come to this part.
TIj'.h In 11 matter, however, whtch v lt
QUltfl difficult to regulate,, for tho reason
Unit Private capital must on It* own Ini
tiative tuk»< up this qUPltlpn. Tht» StAto
or tho Ftder*1 Oovrnynont etm h'nnlly be
?•xprotcil to enjriiRc In privati nntorprlnc.
1 cannot; In dlscunrlug tho requirements
of thin port, fnll to overlook tho benefit to
the city Itself of hnrbor Improvements In
Pt,h«r part* of tho buy of San Francisco.
Thin city In hardly a* favorably located
as Home other of the parts of th« hay for
tht> purpose of bringing car and ship to
fy*l«er. / .
defers the collection of tax upon dutiable
goods until the consignee elects to take
them from the United States bonded
warehouse.
This is, of course, a very proper aid to
commerce. . The same assistance, how
ever, and like benefits, although in a dif
ferent way, should be conferred by a
been frustrated and altogether too long
delayed by the experiments which have
taker, place in wharf and dock construc
tion. ',
Just at the present time, and for more
than "one year past, the Harbor Commis
sioners' have been pursuing a course
which should have been followed for the
. In considering nil this. It In remarkable
to chronicle how llttlo nld thla harbor has
hnd from tho General Government. It In
ono of tho three greatest ports In point of
volume, of bunlnoM In the United flutes.
I bHH've that It lias entered upon nn
pru of unpxumplco" prosperity. The fact
thnt tho ben*nta to the Stnto at largo are,
benefit!* to the. nation will Impel Congress
to assist In nil heeded Improvements.
Thrno tmprovemrntu mean not only the
removal of nil obstructions to commerce,
whether rocks or shoals, but tho Improve
ment to tho waterways entering this hoy,
whither In Onkland harbor, Petalum*
Creek. Napa nivr-r or elsoivherc. Snn
Frnnelsco In and of Itself will hardly con
tinue to have adequate shipping room for
the. accommodation of nil vessels which
come here, and for this reason It can
therefore favorably look upon an Increase
of harbor facilities elsewhere at ndja
cent, points on the bay. I ennnot too imnt
ly emphasize the Importance to California
of tho proper conception of the advan
tages .which the State has here In a harbor
unexcelled throughout the world. Appre
ciating this fact, we should not therefore
b*» alow In the enjoyment of our privileges
snd In supplementing to the limits of our
power the advantages which we find ta a
land-lrckod. commodious harbor. wr*h
ample depth of water for all purposes and
with Absolute safety from violence by
wind and wave.
Can Francisco and the State of Califor
nia have. then, come Into the region of
large opportunity.
The United States is one of the very
greatest surplus producing nations In tho
world. Our care should be to find a mar
ket for thesa nurplua products. California
is on« of the very greatest surplus pro
ducing Rtnten In tho Union, and It Is
through the hartiqr of Snn Francisco that
this surplus must pass as i\ gateway. San
Francisco la peculiarly Interested In tho
opportunities nnd advantage wh'ch wo
«l«m» potttrast for commercial trading in
1*1 F.nst.
After all. the building up of a great port
ia a slow process; it la not done by legis
lation bo much as it Is done by the indus
ery and activity of the commercial ele
ments within the State. Trade represents
conditions, A fine free harbor does not In
and of Itself provide great results, but
it presents opportunities for the develop
ment of trade which ought to be grasped
to tho fullest extent.
When I spoke a moment ago of San
Francisco developing Us export resources,
I ennnot recur too strongly to the bene
fits to be derived from the continued pro
duction of the oil and petroleum resources
of this State. This will furnish the solu
tion of tho difficulty of cheap fuel: cheap
fuel means new manufactures, and new
manufactures mean a Held not only for
the labor of the State, but for the
export of the products of American labor.
The cheapness of oil as a fuel, at the
present time far less than that of coal,
will be of the largest advantage to the
greatness of San Francisco. Already un
dertakings are at hand Involving the ex
penditure in plants and Improvements of
peveral millions of dollars, which have
been attracted to tidewater by the great
production of oil In this State. I look to
thin Influence as one of the best for tho
commercial greatness of this harbor.
The Nicaragua canal is of so much more
Importance to the rest of the State that It
would outweigh the small incidental loss
which San Francisco might sustain by be
ing passed by certain of the vessels which
would use the new waterway. San Fran
cisco, however, would Immeasurably gain
from the increased greatness of the State,
and in this way the Nicaragua canal be
comes of first importances to 'San Fran
cisco, both commercially and as a port of
entry and export.
The Importance of the Nicaragua canal
to San Francisco, in so far as the require
ments of this port 'are concerned, cannot
be overestimated. It is true that this city
would lpse some of the commerce which
comes to It now by reason of its propin
quity to Asiatic countries. What it would
lose in this regard, however, would be
made up*at least tenfold by the develop
ment of tho industries and agricultural re
sources of this State by bringing the mar
kets of the world the nearer. California's
greatness will rest in the future on Its In
ternal resources and on the development
of its great Interior.
The policy of reciprocity advocated by
Mr. Blalne and carried out successively by
different administrations has been In a
different form the building up of the same
system. This furnishes an easier solution
of the difficult)* than the commercial own
ership of countries with which trade is to
be had.
been available by bringing cargoes of
coal rather than merely coming In bal
last. Theref orer what is true here is true
in many other directions. Vessels must
not be expected to either bring or take
merchandise unless they can do both.
This shows, therefore, the importance to
San Francisco of increasing our import
trade as well as our exports. The devel
opment of this theory has resulted in the
commercial greatness of England. The
establishment of Its colonies and the ac
quisition of provinces in distant lands
have not been made or brought about
merely for the desire of territorial expan
sion or political or governmental power.
He Indeed would be a superficial reader
of history who Interpreted the acts of
England's statesmen by any such rule.
The building up, however, of England's
trade and commerce have been the con
trolling incentive for this policy of expan
sion. The acquisition of the Philippines
ha3 brought this entire matter with force
home to us. Within less than two years
the exports from San' Francisco to Asiatic
ports have increased more than 200 per
cent. This shows the importance, com
mercially speaking, of the annexation of
distant lands.
•It ought further to be understood that
the requirements of this harbor do not
merely demand that goods be brought
here but It Is further essential that goods
be shipped from this port. As an example
of this, the price of coal has to some
extent heretofore been regulated by the
tonnage of wheat to be exported from
thiS State.- The charters required for the
carrying trade of our wheat supply have
appreciable extent diminishing the prim
acy N of San Francisco. If this were done,
and cheaper freight rates transcontlnen
tally to Eastern points brought about, the
greatest possible impetus would be given
to foreign commerce at San Francisco.
to the Oakland side of the bay, would
answer every requirement wltnout In any
The policy of this 8Ute, as evidenced
by leglelation. has been to the. effect that
Ban Francisco, as »oon as the necessary
improvements were constructed, should be
made a free pott This Is distinctly set
forth In certain of the provisions cf the
Political Code. This policy, has, however,
Bin Francisco, having deep wnter alons
Its tntlrn harbor front, needs but com
paratively little, dredging, and this has al«
ways been undertaken. by tho State.
There Is this advantagu, however, of ac
tion by the. Federal Government.
Wherever improvements are mado by It
they are for the benefit of all, and can bo
fr«_ely used without charge, or financial
restriction.
Tl'o United flint en, by vJrtut of its unv
«re1irnty nnd the reserved control over
jinviKMltln waters, mrerelspK domirlon In
w» far n» tho paramount Intrrpntn of s*»!p«
plnit nml commerce are concerned— this to
the extent of removing ihat ructions, depp
rnlnic channels and thun nubservlnc tho
larper Interr«ts of not only tho State, but
of the nation na a whole.
Tho State, by virtue of |ta nwr»-»V'T> o*
iho hirbor front, ha^ complete control on
a riparian proprlntor over tho construe
tlon of i!nc'.<s, piers and whrtrvpn. nnd nf
tho regulation and collection of doc!:ngp.
whftifngft and toll*.
The city, us such, exerclre? no «?•••• r*»*
whatever over tho harbor or tho. port oj
Bun Franclflco.
The public generally fall to comprehend
the Jurisdiction exercised by the three co
ordinate novereigntles In matters com
mercial at this 'port. I refer t»» tho mu..
nlctpallty. the State and the Federal Oov.
ernment.
It Is true that If all of these thlnrs de
flected commerce to other ports, their re
moval would Increase the shipping In the
harbor of. San Francisco. There must.
however, as a primary essential, be faund
practical reasons why merchandise should
be brought to thl* port, or exported from
It. before any artificial regulation can be
of substantial Importance.
Even New Tork, New Orleans and Bos
ton of our own country furnish Illustra
tions of this condition of affairs. San
Francisco, however, possesses one of tho
very few natural ports, if not the very
greatest pert, on the globe. The question
presents ksrlf as to how can It be bes 1 :
brought to Its best use. It ought to bo
thoroughly understood that a. great har
bor cannot be made such by legislative
enactment, or by the mere passage of
maritime regulations, or by the removal of
commercial restrictions.
This Is especially true of every one of
the well-known ports of those islands.
The same might be said of all the Euro
pean countries, with but few exceptions.
Enormous breakwaters and walls of con
crete and etone. together with jetties and
solid embankments, have been everywhere
constructed 50 as to render available tho
harbors of the Old World.
Any visitor to the Old World view'ng
any of the ports of Europe or of the Brit
ish Kingdom cannot but fail to b«» con
vinced of the importance which a good
natural harbor possesses. In the entire
seacoast line of England. Ireland. Scot
land and Wales, as far as I have person
ally observed them, there Is not a single
* harbor but which has required the most
elaborate and expensive Improvements In
order to render it available for ocean com
merce.
The Interests of the two are commingled
and blended to the fullest possible extent.
The visit .of the Congressional Committee
on Rivers and Harbors has been a timely
one In attracting the attention of our
own people to the requirements of this
port. Few of our citizens sufficiently com
prehend the physical advantages which
nature has given us. Very little is needed
to supplement what has already been
found here free at hand.
This port will never assume Its true po
sition until California has reached its
proper development. "While, however, it
Is important to £an Francisco that the
Interests of the State should be developed,
it is also most essential to the State that
the harbor" of San Francisco should have
all needed retirements.
franclsco.
C"T\ T*E requirements of the harbor of
I San Francisco are matters which
I should attract the attention of the
! entire State. The greatness of San
Francisco must inevitably reflect
the greatness of California. The two will
always bo together.
F. S. Stratton, in his position of
Collector of the Port of San Francisco.
is peculiarly well situated to dis
course upon this subject. He has
written at length upon this matter
exclusively and especially for the
readers of The Sunday Call.
By f. J*. Siraiion,
Collector of ihe Port of San
course mean much to us of Califor
nia, but this harbor has now jrrown
to b? of more than local importance,
for it hfls on it the eyes of tho com
merce of the United States — in facr.
of the whole world. Its needs are
worthy of the most careful consider
ation.
The requirements of our port .if
« T is high time to consider the needs
of the harbor of San Francisco.
U Commerce follows the flag:, and now
that the stnrs and stripes has gone
forth over the seas it is natural to
expect that much will ba demanded
of the ships that sail through the
Golden Gate.
The United States is one of the
very greatest surplus producing na
tions in the world as California is
one of the very greatest surplus pro
ducing States in the Union.
The countries of the Pacific need
this surplus and San Francisco is the
one harbor of America through which
this supply for a great demand
can go.
6
: ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
THE SUNDAY (TALL.
Needs of the Harbor
of San Francisco"Go, fast," "ordered the engineer in a
smooth stretch of road, and she turned
on tho steam and z-z-a, they were off, her
left Coot attending to. the bell.
"Stop quick, now," and the well-trained
steed halted, within its own length. "
"Here we are at a hill, and a pretty
stpep one at that. How are you going to
climb it?" And she threw open the throt-
chine came to a dead halt. ,
"I did know, after all," she said, "of
course I knew all the time."
She laughed then and her nervousness
was over. The examination went on with
the smoothness of a well-rehearsed play*
and the word was passed from one way
farer to another to come and admire.
As she drove smoothly over the rolled,
surface of the South Drive her examiner
asked questions and proposed problems
blow it out before." '
"What are you going to do about It?"
"This," apd she took from a pocket a
box of non-blow-outable matches. With
a Golden Gate gale sweeping in along the
drive she lighted the, mimic engine and
thoy were off again.
; "How fast are you allowed to go in the
park?" he asked as they coasted.
"Twenty miles," she replied, sinfully,
for she knew the truth. • "
and the injured child were the fictitious
emergencies that It is Mr. Saville'a busi
ness to invent. She entered into the spirit
of the thing with gusto.
"I'll get back up that hill." she an
nounced firmly, and she proceeded.
You have got to know your machine
pretty .well If you are going to make It
run backward up hill by reversing the
steam arrangement. When Mrs. Moore
did this she had scored a point that
/*"*• UK has arrived— the rhauffe»ise. i
Pho is destined to bo nno of tho
\rJ"lt!«" of the twentieth cntury. ¦ She
Is Independent with the Indenen- \
dence of the time; she i* vigorous
with the vigor of it: she Is ambitious,
clear-headed and cool with presence of
mind. And what makes her dear to the
pnpulur fancy, to the artist and the Jln
pler of fashionable verse is. above all, her
pmartneps.
For the woman who runs her own auto
mobile Is always. If you will notice, crisp
and snappy In manner and In dress. This
has= to come with the use of the machine.
It Is all in the same spirit
Fan Fraritisco is in line with the rest
of the world now. We have our own
char.fTeuses, and they are growing in
numbers. Time was when enc woman
held the honors all to herself: now we
have Mrs. Moore. Mrs. Miles Baird, Mrs.'
Talbot, and they are not half the list.
Two of them. Mrs. Mocre and Mrs.
F?a!rd. have been through the park exam
ination. Moreover, they have passed It.
Walt till you have seen a park examlna •
ticn and you will be more respectful.
There Is no city law corepellirg an ex-'
amiratlcn to be passed by the runners of
automobiles, so the park has to look out
for itself. It is first and last a pleasure
ground, and nothing that interferes With
nr.ybt dy's safe pleasure '.8 to be allowed
therein. And inasmuch as babies and
nurs-o ma'.ds have not got over
shying; at the machines the sensitive feel
ing of the babies and the nurse maids
l.ave to be considered.
Sj It i'ame about that a park ordinance
was created, ruling that no automobile
was to be driven within park limits un
less the driver thereof had obtained a
permit by means of various red-tape-tied
devices. The amount of the thing is that
vi-u have to puss an examination in the
us*, of the machine, and If .this test
jiruv«s successful you are* given the per
mii after due ceremony. The number of
the permit is fastened in showy white let
ter* to the back of your machine, and
any officious officer about the park who
shall at any time challenge ycur right to
be motoring therein may be shown the
mystic sign which refers him to your
honorable permit.
Mrs. Charles C. Moore acquitted herself
with glory, so they say. when she was
put through her paces on her locomobile.
This machine Is a natty little runabout
that she handles no more dextrously
than she does the heavlersurrey and dos
a dos. But the runabout is her pet. In
lact, you can't have an auto of any kind
without reminding your friends of a fond
parent with the first-born. An 'auto has
great Individuality, and if you don't th'.nk
It Is alive, that just shows how much you
linow i\boui it.
•I was a little bit nervous about the
examination when I started in." says
Mrs. Moore, "because I had heard that
Mr. Saville was a very strict examiner."
H. D. Saville. park engineer, certainly
does mean business when he goes about
nis test. It Is all up to him, you see. and
if any of the autos that he has passel
should "get fresh" afterward within park
domain, he fceys be would hear of It. So
he provides for emergencies in his ques
tior.s.
It was en a Tuesday that the test came^
off. Tuesday is the day set aside for"
the** examinations, and Mr. Saville' a
business, from 3 to 5 on that day, is to
probe the would-be chauffeur.
When Mrs. Moore started out she
thought she knew all about her little ma
chine. She was certain of the reason for.
every lever and gauge and she was cer
tain of her steady hand. But when the
engineer looked at her and through her,
she wondered if her hand was going to
keep steady.
He looked over the locomobile and he
looked over her. Then he leaned an elbow
on the dashboard and glanced casually at
the brake.
"What's that for?" he asked suddenly.
"That? That's the brake," she answer
ed, puzzled.
"Yes. What's It for?"
It.had always seemed plain enough what
it was for. It was plainly meant to keep
your right foot busy. It occurred to her
that this was a very simple examination
ifter all and that she needn't be excited
over it.
"It's to stop the mnehine," she said glib
ly.
"All right. Now suppose tho brake
breaks and you want to stop In a hurry,
what are you going to do?" ?
"Why, It never does break," she stam
mered, and with the thought of her per
mit ahead she couldn't for the life of her
think of a better answer. »
The examiner saw that this sort of a
test was hopeless. "Let me get In there,"
he said, and took his place on the seat.
'He started the machine whirring along
the South Drive, where all automobiles
are confined. He covered the brake with
his foot.
"You can't touch the brake," he said.
Then, on the Instant. "That team Is
frightened. Stop." he cried.
And automatically she closed the throt
tle, turning "ft the «team. and the ma-
that wore to test her quickness and'un
dc'rstahdlnf!
The preliminaries are quickly sailed
over. . v
"What do you know about the throt
tle?"
"It is used to shut off the steam or let
it on." •; f . •
"And how do you open ltwhen starting
up the power?" ...: ¦'.¦•¦¦ ¦¦,
"Very slowly." She Illustrated, bracing
her hand by hooking the third finger into
the iron ao that the hand found it easy to
move slowly instead of In Jerks. This, is
better for the machinery.
It is this throttle that keeps your right
hand busy In running the locomobile,
which Is a steam-propelled machine with
a gasoline engine to do the heating. Mrs.
Moore then showed, the deftness of her
left hand with the steering bar which'-is
to be held lightly, not gripped. • If you ride
a wheel you know iO about that. The auto
counted.
Before they started off again the en
glncer mado an excuse to Jump out and
apeak to a park policeman on business.
Looking over the machine before ha
climbed back he contrived to put out the
fire.
As Mrs. Moore opened the throttle slow
ly there was no sign of renewed 'life In
the vehicle.
"Hello! What's the matter?"
"I'll find 3 out what's the matter," she
said, and descended. "The fire's out," she
exrJ.8.'Tnpft. "I never knew the wind to
tie, giving tho uteam full Bway to do the
hard task nhend, while the machine short
ed and puffed v.p the slope like a pudgy,
apoplectic old man. : . ,
"Down we go now. What about it?"
The slope was sharp, and she turned off
the steam altogether, leaving the brake
off, and- coasted. "No use of wasting
x Bteam when gravity will do the work,"'the
said.
"Didn't you, know that you threw a
child off a wheel as you passed— at the
top of the hill? Go back, quick." .
Mrs. Moore paled like a Laura Jean
Libbey lady, for she did not yet know the
extent of Mr. Savllle's imagination.
"Quick," he. urged.
Then her color came back, and sh«
grasped the idea, that the narrow road
She drew the steering bar Inward In or
der to turn. "No, no; this road is to«
narrow. You can't turn around here," h«
exclaimed.
When Mr. Savllle had impressed upon
her the obligation of a maximum ten-mile
rate he tried her Judgment of the rate.
This is a test where the average appli
cant fall/i. It is a hard thing to gauge
your own speed, and It is guesswork at
best. However, Mrs. Moore's guess ap
peared to be a good one.
Going up the iiext slope
"That horse ahead of you is frightened."
he cried.
Mrs. Moore saw nary a horse In any di
rection, but she showed presence of mind.
A quick turn to the side of the road. Off
with the^ steam. On with the reverse
brake, and there they halted, stock still,
In the midst of ascending a hill.
For the rule of the park is that if any
thing, be It man, -woman, baby or horse,
shows fright at the new-century steed
that steed shall be halted until the -rlctlm
be calmed. Just how long this halt shall
last, supposing the baby continues to
weep. Mr. Saville says, becomes a matter
of sentiment. : ¦
• As they started" the engineer was seized
with a desire to go back. "This road la
wide enough to turn in," he said. "Turn
short."
There on the hillside sha'dld It. by a
delicate handling of the steering bar. a
keen hand on the throttle, a foot quick
at the brake and two eyes everywhere.
Both feet and both hands are always oc
ct'pled In the- driving, to say nothlnsr of
both earn and both eyes; and It Is only tha
expert who dares to talk. The locomobile
wfcfch Mrs. Moore handles gives ocupatlon
to the eyes, part of the time tn calling
upon them to keep track of th© water
gauge. It is reflected In a tiny mirror at
the rijrht— it looks like a thermometer fill
ed with pink mercury. If the water rises
above half or sinks below It, then some
thing is to be attended to.
A* they rode alon*. fictitious carriages
and pedestrians and frightened horses
sprang up In every direction at one wave
of Savllle's wand, m every cafe the
chauffeuse turned to right or left, siowed
or stopped" as the case might be. Near
the end of the Journey:
"1 hear a runaway coming around 'that
curve," he shouted.
She laughed with the fun of the game
«nd on the Instant glanced up. There,
from the tree-hidden curve, dashed a
maddened little sorrel with a powerless
driver clinging foolishly to the lap robe
while the reins trailed the ground.
Mrs. Moore's face tightened. It was all
in an instant. A. sharp Jerk on the steer
ing bar that twisted the loco to the side
of the road, a closing of the throttle, and
there the machine stood against the grass
and out of the way of danger, while the
horse flung itself Into the trap of a mount
ed policeman's bridle.
"You're all right for your permit." said
Savllle.
But there can't be a real runaway made
to order for every Tuesday's test, and un
fortunately there isn't one. So Savllle says
that he hopes In time to have matters ar
ranged as they are In Paris. There, in an
inclosed space are dummies — people and
horses and vehicles. They stand in your
way. they Jump out at. you. and they
weigh your presence of mind in the "bal
ance.
There are plenty of smart automobl'es
appearing In the neighborhood of Burlln
game. Lawrence Scott has . a 'beauty,
which has already made trouble for him.
It gave out when he and. his fiancee were
many miles cut in the country and after
waiting hours for something to attach
themselves to, they saw the morgue wag
on and hailed it as a life "saver. Hitched
to It. they were towed Into San Jose.
No doubt the ladles of Burlingame will
distinguish themselves as chauffeuses be
fore long.* In the East those of the smart
sets have taken to the sport with a venge
ance. Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs and Mrs.
William K. Vanderbilt are hot enthusiasts
—Mr. Vanderbilt following in. Willie K.'s
footsteps therein.
Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish taught herself to
drive and did much damage to Newport
property In the process. Before she fin
ished her first lesson, she had driven di
rectly up the steps of her own high ver
anda, which would have been considered
an expert feat if she had meant to do it.
I-i'ly Oelrlchs is a skilled chauffeuse. and
If Peter Martin brings her out here as
Mrs. Martin she will boom the fashion
hereabouts.
THE nightmare, has nothing to do
with horses, althc ugh they occasion
ally have it; the word mare really
nr.earis Ir. this connection a specter.
According to the Bavarian popular
belief the nightmare is a woman who ap
pears in the morning asking to borrow
something. To keep her away at night
they promise her the three white gifts if
she tv 111 ceme for them the next mcrning,
and 'when she does conie, as she furely
will, she is given a htfrsdful of flour, a
handful of salt and an egg. In Morocco
It Is customary to place a dagger under
the pillow at night to ward off the night
mare, and in Greece a black-handled knife
Is supposed to have- the same effect. The
ancient Germans* believed that nightmare
was due to a demon who. during sleep,
seated himself upon the chest of* the
sleeper and oppressed his breathing.
The symptoms of nightmare are varia
ble, though they may be always extreme
ly disagreeable. It may be a realistic
sensation of falling from a high place.,
such. as the summit of a steep precipice;
or one may suffer all the horrors of a
flood or flre or a struggle with enemies
superior in force and number. Frantic ani
mals may attack or spring upon the
Fleeper, and with all these visions there Is
an inexpressible anguish end, pain, with
a sense of Imminent danger, escape or
defence Eeemlng Impossible, while the vic
tim 1r unable to cry out for assistance, or
in the always present struggle at last ut
ters a groan or two which may awake
him.
Nightmare Is especially distinguishable
from dreams by the sensation of depres
sion and suffocation. It is, in fact, a true
What Nightmare Really Is and Its Prevention.
temporary, miniature delirium. Sometimes
long after awakening it. leaves the subject
a prey to nervous anxiety, violent palpita
tion and unusual debility. In fact, it has
a. marked ana'osy with insanity, and If it
Is constantly rexutrinsr It may be of stfi
ous portent, pointing to some affection of
the brain or mind. Not that nightmare
causes nervous disease or insanity, but
that nervous disease pre-existing causes,
on the contrary, this special disposition of
the brain to temporary delirium.
From this !t can be -understood v/hy
nightmare is often hereditary, just as ab
normal m-rvous Impressionability' may be
inherited. The child, too. sensitive to the
slightest impression, a living bundle of
nerves. Is more especlal'v subject to night
terrois, even while awake, owing to the
power of the mind to project ideas Into
rpp.ee and with the eye to see them as
ectualities imbued with life. Next In sus
ceptibility are women and some men
whose brains hove remained in the Infan
tile state properly called simple-minded.
Anaemia, fever, disturbance of the circu
lation, cnused by diseases of the heart of
the large blood vessels: disturbed respira
tion, due -to nrthma or a full stomach,
are the most frequent predisposing causes
and are as powerful as nervous disturb
ance^, such as hysteria and hypochondria.
In causing nightmare. #
Sometimes nightmare Is due to pro
longed wakefulness, a radical change In
diet, or faulty position of the body, ' such
as lying upon the back or face. Some
times It Js due to some mechanical inter
ference, such as an aneurism or even swol
len tonsils. West has reported a cttse In
which, In spite of all hygienic treatment,
nightmare continued every njgfft for a
long period, due. as was Uncovered after
careCul consideration, to a prolonged
.uvula, which, during sleep, in the prone
position hindered free ' respiration. Cut
ting off the point of this mischievous
uvula caused the permanent, discontinu
ance of the visits of the nightmare. . .
In nervous persons emotional in charac
ter nightmare may be caused by gruesome
tales or wo.ful spectacles,, grief, discour
agement, hatred, anger, etc. In fact, the
most Intense nightmare is due to exhala
tions of passion, due to the loss of clearly
loved relatives or friends, sudden and ex
treme revKi: of fortune. " disappointed
ambition, the fear of disease, or even a
shock to one's self love and esteem, which,
as has been aptly said, slays more vic
tims than love.
The treatment of nightmare consists In
awakening the subject, and. If there is
perturbation of mind, giving some mildly
sedative potion, such "as .warm water
sweetened with syrup of lettuce. Follow
ing this, cafe should be taken to remove
the supposed cause, to prevent recurrence
of the nightmare. In the case of children
Wond erful Instinct o f the Wasp
ONE- of our commonest and moat in
teresting Insects is the threml
walsted wasp, which' builds iho
mud nests which are so numerous
in old outbuildings. The children usually
call these Insects "mud daubers." It Is
intensely interesting to watch these light,
rlende.r-ho.dled wasps busy with their ma
sonry. The mud of which their nests is
composed Is often carried for some ins
tance, as It is essential for them to ufea
cood. stiff clay. At the edge of. some
pond or 'stream you may see these Insects
running about! continually twitching their
glossy wings, their black .bscks showing
a fine stsel blue in the strong summer
sunlight. Some of them are nearly stand
ing on their heads as they roll sticky lit
tle balls out of the stiff mud with their
heavy Jaws. With this heavy load of mini
they rise slowly, and having gained some
height they get their hearings and fly in
a straight line to their nests. In this they
resemble the bees; indeed, all the wasps
and bees seem to have a wonderful fhc-
ulty for flying directly home from any
point. The expression, "making a' b£e
line." is derived from this habit. of the
bees and their close kindred. . .
When the wasp has gained the place
It has selected for a bulldtng v site she puts
the tiny ball of mud against the wall uf
the building and rubs it tight by moving
her head from side to side very rapidly.
When doing this the Insect makes a low,
rap|d huzzlng sound. This, operation is
probably performed to insure the proper
texture for the mud, just as we work the
clay with a big wheel when making br'ck.
The outer surface of the nest- shows a
series of rings with sharply defined lines
between most of them, but the Interior
Is always extremely smooth and almost
a perfect cylinder. While building her
nest the insect is "very careful and con
tinually runs In and out of the tiny cylin
der, examining It minutely with her "feel
ers." If a rough place is felt on the Inuftr
surface she carefully smooths It out and
rubs It smooth. When the cylinder Is fin
ished the wasp goes hunting for spiders.
intense moral impressions, weird stories
and gruesome tales should be avoided, es
pecially before bedtime.-
The child should be^put to bed early to
avoid the exciting environment of the so
cial circle, of animated conversation and
convivial jollity. The evening meal should
be a light one,' both as to quantity and
quality of food and drink, avoiding hlghly
spiced relishes and stimulating drinks.
The chamber should be spacious and well
ventllated, the bed not too soft and with
out too much bed clothing. Perfect mus
cular relaxation, avoidance of false posi
tions and perfect freedom, all compression
interfering with. respiration or Circulation
must be avoided. The feet ought to be
warm and lower than the head. The body
should be extended and- not quddled up
Into a ball. "When the bed is in an alcove
or surrounded by heavy curtains night
mare is sure to lurk within, for they pre
vent the free circulation of air. and the
brain Is stupefied, as It were. -by laugh-
Ing gas produced by the sleeper, the air
vitiated, by* him being breathed over and
over again.
The bed ought to j be slightly Inclined
from head to foot,, but the proper eleva
tion of the head varies according to tem
perament. Anaemic people need to have
the head quite low. but full-blooded peo
ple resUeasier It the head Is higher. An
excitable.. congested brain may. be relieved
by warm baths, tonics and anti-spasmod
ics like the bromides and valerian. If there
Is a tendency to palpitation the person
should He upon the right side; If the liver
is disordered by chronic digestive troubles
the person should He on the left side. The
stomach should' be iii good condition, es-
peclally If there Is flatulence due to gas
tric torpidity, leading to fermentation of
food, and dilation of the stomach should
be energetically treated.
In Bacon's "Natural History." which la
quaintly worded and based. on very crude
knowledge of natural history, as It Is un
derstood to-day, the author says, with a
grain of truth, "mushrooms cause the in
cubus of mare In the stomach." The same
might be said of Welsh rarebits and sim
ilar indigestible delicacies eaten just be
fore retiring; these lie hard on the stom
ach and cause more 'horrible dreams In
those not hardened to such ijourmandism.
But it is equally erroneous to go to the
opposite extreme and prohibit all food be
fore retiring, for often a light repast Is a
most excellent nightcap, and the pleasant
est and safest remedy against- Insomnia
and. In fact, against nightmare, for an
empty stomach may cause it just as much
as an overloaded one.
Not less Important In the treatment of
nightmare is an endeavor to neutralize, as
far as possible, all Injurious moral causes.
This Is often simply a matter of good
counsel nnd caution against the dangers
of poor hygiene and excess of passion. Tha
friends should especially endeavor to reas
sure and render cheerful those unfortun
ate beings who have a morbid fear of dis
ease (nosophobla, as It Is technically call
ed), to discourage their broodinga and en
courage, them not to give way to despair.
Unfortunately, the physician of to-day
too often scorns and neglects this anlmlso
latlo, this solace of mind, which Is none
the less often far superior to and more ef
ficacious than the most potent drugs.— In
dianapolis Journal.
< , THE SUNDAY. CALL.
responds as quickly as a perfect horse
to your .lightest turn of the bar.
7
WITH THE 20TH CENTURY
COMES THE CHAUFFEUSE.THE SUNDAY , CALL.
8
The
PASSING
OF THE SWORD
An Opinion Held by Officers
FROId Major-General Shafter downward through the scale of of
ficers stationed in San Francisco but one opinion is expressed:
"The sword is truly a -back number in £b,e field."
General Shafter, like all military men, is a martinet when it
comes to following army rules and regulations. So long as swords
are retained in the regular uniform he will continue to wear his
sword and trimmings. But let the order come from Washington to
discard thim and he will be one of the first to cast aside the useless
paraphernalia. . \
Captain Benjamin C. Horse, General Shafter's chief aid, is a
warm adherent of the practical idea advanced and acted upon by
General Roberts. "Swords are truly useless," said Captain Morse,
"and I think you will find few officers in the army or navy who
will not agree with me. In warfare, hand to hand, the weapon is a
nuisance, and in times of peace, while it may be ornamental,- it is
certainly not useful." - -
"What of duels P"
"Well, it might be useful there, but unfortunately (P) du»ls
are no longer the fashion."
Finally the i officers' destruction j was
going on. at such a wholesale rate that
the War Office in England wired to th9
commander in Africa that the first officer
refusing to obey orders should be placed
under arrest. And — curious to relate —
rather than' discard the emblem of their
authority many officers submitted to ar
rest. The sword has been abolished in the
field by our . officers, who consider it a
useless incumbrance. During the war in
China and in the Philippines not only tho
sv.ord was discarded, but the epaulets
also, and~the officers even tore the stripes
from- their trousers so that a line of of
ficers could not be distinguished from a
line of privates.
Only tho revolver was carried. As a
rule both officers and men were In khakt
In the Philippines, and in this plain
brown material an officer shows up no
different from a private. .= •'"
O\HE knell of the sword has sounded.
I .That accessory to a uniform that
N . I marks the distinction between a
I private and an officer Is no longer
X to be worn, save perhaps on state
occasions.
The order a few .months ago Issued by
Lord Roberts, commander In chief of the
British army In South Africa, has already
been followed by American and other
commanders.
This opposition to the wearing of the
sword Is no new thing. When the war In
Africa first broke out • the officers were
told to discard their swords, epaulets, etc..
but they refused to do so. Owing to this
act of vanltv in one of the first engage
ments seven hundred officers were killed,
while there were only ten thousand men
in the field. • -.. :
The sword Is the emblem of authority.
As such many officers express regret that
it has been abolished for field wear.
There Is a surprising difference at this
time of writing between the military dress
on state occasions and in the field. The
gold and glitter Is reserved for formal
military functions: In the field all tinsel
is left behind.
Interviews with prominent and repre
sentative army officers in San Francisco
all express one opinion — the sword Is truly
a back number in the field.
Major General William R. Shafter: Cap
tain Benjamin C. Morse, his chief aid;
Colonel William H. Forwood, assistant
purgeon general, chief surgeon; Colonel
Frank M. Coxe, assistant paymaster gen
eral, and Major A. C. Girard. surgeon
commanding United -^States general hos
pital, Presidio— all these have one answer:
The sword is useless: therefore let It-go.
Yet 'tis a pity, too, a thousand pities,
that the sword had to die. It elves such*
"an air" to the most ordinary looking of
ficer. What Is an officer without his
sword in the eyes of the susceptible,
brass-button loving bud! . ¦
Fancy DVArtagnan and Athos, Porthos
and Aramis, without .their Bwords! How
would they ever have served Anne of Aus
tria bo well without their swbrd3 to help
them ealn back her diamonds for her
from Buckingham?
What would the hero of "When Knight
hood Was In Flower" have been without
his eword? And what would have been
J van hoe's attraction minus the sword that
helped him win- victory from his . ene
mies? Think of Richard Tea-and-Nay
In armor without a sword!
But the sword belongs to the days of
chivalry, and, as Alexander Barrett said
Jn Munsey a short time ago, "it is about
to Join the battleax and the Javelin in
obscurity." The sword of Bunker Hill
.will live In memory, because somebody
put it Into a poem, but our grandfather's
sword will .now have a mate In the
eword of the young army officer of to
day. They will both help swell a collec
tion of swords to hang on some library
wall.
. Le sword est mort:
¦_ ••¦ . Vive le revolver, i
And what is the sword that is to be
relegated to the curiosity? Webster calls
It "an offensive weapon, having a long
strong and usually sharp-pointed blade
either straight and sharp upon both
edges, for thrusting, or somewhat curved
and Bharp on the convex edge, for cut
ting at a-Dlow."
Among the different styles of swords
are the ancient Saxon sceax, old form
English larger rapier, with 36-mch blades-
Eastern cimiter, cut and thrust sword,
-with 30-lnch blade; sabre or cavalry
broadsword, 40-inch blade; claymore or
Scotch broadsword, with basket hilt. 40-
Inch blade: falchion, navy cutlass, and
the haraklrl or Japanese disemboweler.
Several San Franciscans have flu© collec
tions of swords.
"Colonel A. G. Hawes. Georg©*N"ewhall
and Chauncey M. St. John are among
those who can discuss learnedly on the
subject and Illustrate the points of dif
ference In the various blades.
Before the sixteenth century ushered
In a certain degree of refinement-.it was
the proper thing- for men to hack each
other to pieces without any show of
courtesy, but about that time men began
to learn that one can kill and be polite at
the same time.
The Greeks. Romans and Norsemen had
swords of metal, the Romans making
theirs of copper, the Greeks of-bronze and
the Norsemen of Iron. Short, thick blades
were often the. only kind known.
The wealthy .classes had the handles
of tnelr weapons richly Jeweled.
The broadsword, battleax and mace
were in use during the first crusade, and
It was not until the seventeenth century
that the beautiful, light French rapier
came into general use for cavaliers
These rapiers had points as sharp as
needles, and It Is easy to understand how
dangerous they became in the hands of
expert fencers.
In "The Talisman"- on© reads of the
work done by the crescent-shaped "cim
iter" wielded by the graceful, agile In
fidels.
The Mohammedans were so skillful In
the use of their moon-shaped weapons
that they could cut off the head of their
enemy without removing the- head from
the body.
The rapier, above referred to. * was a
discovery of a Toledo peasant, who after
y? r i°,X? e*Perl™ent». designed the blade
that the Duke of Granada afterward madp
famous. This was In the sixteenth cen
tury.*
The rapier was such an Improvement on
the old broadsword that of course it' at.
once attained popularity. No more was
strength the test In a combat: skill .be
came the standard by which success wm
gauged. ¦ . s
It is a popular fallacy that Toledo
blades are th« best in th* world As 1
matter of fact, this Is not so. The be*£
tempered blades are those of Enelanri ™a
France with Germany not far behind
Fencing is a graceful and health? ui ex
ere se and It Is not likely that Bword-ofav
will ever go out of favor even though
swords are. abolished by the army in theTHE SUNDAY § CALL;
9
THE MID-SUMMER HAT
VASTLY different were the bonnets
worn by the Belles of '76 in their
memorable Fourth of July from
these in which the up-to-date maid
en-frames her pretty face.
In America's provincial days fashions
did nnt travel around the civilized world
in six months. The same style of dress
and headgear lasted several years and
new bonnets were not purchased every
spring and autumn for our grcat-grand
mothiTs—how much our great-grandfath
ers had to be thankful for!
The woman of this date may wear what
she chooses in the line of hats Just so It
1? flat.
Dame Fashion's decree is unequivocally
for low. flat effects of varying style. Thera
is tho wide, flat effect to be discreetly
avoided by the long-faced woman and
there are hats and toques of various
heights and sizes built to suit Individual
needs and fancies.
There are tulle hats, chiffon hats, hats
of flowers, of leaves, of fancy straw, hats
trimmed with feather?— a confusing lot to
choore from— but find the woman who
would comr>!atn.
Hats of one color have been and still
are very much worn. A Virot of pa!e
blue chiffon has for Its trimming three
immense rosettes; the brim is wide, the
crown low; the whole effect is serpen
tine. In solid black, in pink and white,
this Ftyle is especially pretty. ,
The flower and foliage hats are fresh
and attractive In coloring. but x the chif
fon hat, made entirely of tucks and of
the shape that is flat at the back and
¦worn oft the face,, and for trimming has
autumn folinse or roses, or both. Is a
prettier model and more popular. Ecru
mohair braid, white chiffon, autumn
leaver, white roses and black velvet rib
bon la the Linn Faulkner.- . ¦ < ,.
White and black Is a combination much
too stylish and becoming to become a
thing of the past. One of rough 'white
straw is trimmed with black and white
polka dot ribbon, and two long aigrettes
twisted around the crown Inpi..me ef
fect. Poyennier. says the tag.
Another in black and white . is from
Camllle Roger.- It Is double rimmed
and made of mohair braid. Gilt orna
ments and extremely wide black velvet
ribbon is all the trimming It boasts.
A novelty much prettier than novel
ties usually are. is the hand-painted hat.
One from Mme. Heltz Boyer has largo
pink roses painted on white mulle draped
over rough white* straw. A bow' of black
velvet Is its only trimming. ¦ •
A hat of cherry tulle has a broad band
of the same colored velvet around the
crown, and foliage for trimming.- It
bears the name Marescot Soeurs.
•- . .•-¦¦ • • •.'¦
"White plumage for summer, hats is be
ine much used. White ostrich feathers
have become more popular than was
imagined. 'To- be strictly "swell" ' one
must have one solid white hat. A white
chip -. with • a ¦ drapery of ..white, tulle . or.
with - two ostrich . tips • secured with a
dull gold buckle, in front is distinctly
swagger. , - J
Colored 'feathers, are to be found . In
plenty, but white ones or black com
bined with white seem- the preference.
For late summer very light, and quiet
toned straws are to be worn, taking the
place of roughly plaited "ecru" grass -now
so much in vogue. - "" '
Never before has black velvet 1 ribbon
been so much used. It is twisted, stitch
ed down flat, pleatqd, made un Into bows,
inserted and put in' either the under or
upper side. From the! one-inch width to
that of three inches is used. If there Is a
place to nut it a bow of velvet is tacked
on tho hat.
v After the hat. a" veil- is the 'next con
sideration. The newest style is one
In creamy lace in the form of a scarf, to
be tied behind, the ends falling down
tho back— not at all pretty, and therer
fore not apt to-be popular. Other veils,
made of black sprigged net ' and twenty
inches deep, are bordered top and bot
tom with lace edging surmounted by
Insertions through which a velvet cord
Is drawn so as -to gather up the veil
on the brim of the hat and under the
chin, wnere a- tranch of velvet loops Is
placed. With a large hat it is almost
Impossible to wear a veil without spoil
ing the effect, so if one "dotes" on pic
ture hats veils are out of the question.
-Hats for outing wear are made of whltw
Panama braid, and stitched or quflted
white linen duck. ' The Panama hats
have medium-tall- slightly oval crowns,
which appear a .little crushed, and me-
dtum-wide brims, which curl up gently
all around; the duck hats, with brims
similar to the Panama hat3, have, me
dium-tall square crowns and gored
ones.
They are trimmed as the wearer
chooses. Brightly colored scarfs -wound
around the crown and tied at the left
of the front in a loose knot In which is
thrust a breast plume of white rond
feathers that curves against the crown
make a stylish trimming. . *
Duck hats may be trimmed with a
drapery of soft white satin and a pair
of half-folded pigeon wings flecked with
pale gray. Both of these styles arc es
pecially fetching when worn with the
new duck shirts and ' a dainty shirt
waist. '
For veiling floral trails a very fine gos
samerllke chantllly Is employed and is un
deniably effective, the while U hints at
an Importance somewhat lacking in tulle.
An all white tulle illusion toque is sweet
veiled in this same fine black chantllly.
worn well tilted over tho eyes with a great
Jet butterfly serving as a species of cache
pelgne at the back. This is the very air*
iest. fairest piece of millinery concelvablo
and eminently before the hat decked with
many feathers In the affections of the
smart woman.
Few hats are worn off the face. Almost
without exception they are worn quite far
forward, but most of them bent upward
Instead of downward, so that the hair
across the forehead Is not hidden. Few
hats have any brim at the back; hence
the line of the back of the head is almost
straight. At first this style may seem a
llttlo peculiar, but now that the hair !s
worn forward again, this shape Is becom
ing and seems to take away, from the too
flat appearance that the low hats other
wise might present. Many of the new
hats are made with an 1 Ins4de - crown rim
that lifts the hat from the head and pre- .
vents the brim from shading the face too
much. These hats are only effective when
the brim points upward instead of down
ward. '"¦!¦ '.
Just now there are -numbers of hats in
good shapes and in all colors that may.
be. bought ready .made and require but ¦
very little extra trimming. Soft rosettes
of taffeta silk and Immense roses are 'suf-'
flcient- trimming and all that Is needed to •
make the hat really smart looking. ": -
Poses by Ina Allen of the
Orpheum.
Parisian Hats from Mrs. Gage,
807 Sutter street.
Photos by Alisky.• "The Discovery of the Old Northwest,"
by James Baldwin, gives . In a simple and
Interesting fashion an account of the dis
covery" and exploration of that section of
our country bounded by the Great Lakes
and 'the Ohio and Mississippi rivers.' Com
mencing "with • the '* discovery of the' St.
Lawrence by, Jacques Cartler In 1535, it
comprises the recitals of the Journeys . of
such famous . men as Champlaln, Joliet,
La Salle, -- Hennepln, X>uluth and Mar-
The Discovery ofthe Old Northwest.
"First -Years in Handicraft" Is a valua
ble Ilttle manual by Walter J. Kenyon of
the State. Normal School of San Francis
co. It will appeal to all teachers of kin
dergartens and will prove handy to moth
ers who wish to find work for busy little
fingers at home. In it Mr. Kenyon ex
plains how children can make -useful
things out of comparatively cheap ma
terial of leather and paper and by using
simple implements, as a ruler, pencil and
scissors. • His explanations are very sim
ple and 'as. they are fully illustrated by
designs,, there should be no -difficulty in
making them plain to the young people.
It will entertain them, educate them, and
giveVthem the ' opportunity of -occupying
their time on. little things that will prove
useful around the house._ (Published by
The Baker & Taylor Company, New York.
Price $1.) ' '
First Years in Handicraft.
The Funk & Wagnalls Company of New
York have brought out a new edition
of an Interesting work that first appeared
In 1827. This Is now published under the
title, of "Tarry Thou Till I- Come" and
Is a story of the Wandering Jew. it Is
by George Oroly and was printed under
different, titles at different times as "Sala
thlel (The Wandering Jew), a Story of
the Past, Present, and Future"; "Sala
thiel, the Immortal." Critics N have spoken
of It most highly from its appearance to
the present day. The latest praise comes
from GeneraJ Lew Wallace. In his intro
ductory letter to the edition he says: "In
my Judgment the six greatest English
novels are "Ivanhoe", "The Last of the
Barons," "The Tale of Two Cities," "Jane
Eyre," .'"Hypatla," and. this romance of
Croly's. ; If Shakespeare had' never been
born;- If: Milton,' Byron and Tennyson
were singers yet to be, and Bacon, Dar
win and Ruskin unknown; * • * still
'the six works named would pf themselves
suffice to constitute a British "'Literature."
Ttie publishers have given the volume a
very handsome dress and it Is well illus
trated. Price ?1 40. -
Tarry Thou Till I Come.
The last sketch in the collection, "Bo
hemian Days in San Franclsco.'V is an ac
count of some.of the principal features of
early San Francisco life, c Most" of • these
row exist but as a- memory in tbtmlritls
of pioneers'" and i of ) those -who "followed
closely In their- footsteps -'out, into the.
West. 5j To one acquainted -only with the
San" Francisco of # to-day. Harte'B descrip
tion of the peculiarities of , early ;,Srin.
Francisco ¦ life will be both- umuaing and
interesting. ¦ - ., ¦' . ¦; ¦ .. ;
The wtber stories are original and en-
- Of all the stories except two the scene'
Is laid in the West: One of these^.two,
"A Vision of the Fountain,*; Is an amus
ing tale of"ihe manner in' which certain
harrowing, circumstances * compelled , an
American, while traveling In ..England, to
pose as a statue In a fountain belonging
to a country, estate, and'th? Important re
sult, this had upon the destiny of, himself
and another. •.:.'¦ - ¦.-¦?' ¦ .':, -/". .. . -
"The Vagabonds of Trinidad" Is a pa
thetic story of three outcasts, an Indian,
a Chinese .boy and V dog. Society seems
to nave no. use. for any of ..them, and so,
clinging together, by the Instinct, which
makes them . in misery love companion
ship, they, * try to find what' peace and
happiness they; can out in the wilds away
from the society which disapproves of
them. . They are joined by an American
lad who; has run away from home. They
take him to their hearts and share -with
him the little they possess. When at last
he goes back to his home; in return for
the . kindness shown him he joins the
number of their enemies and helps to rUl
civilization of them.
The second story. "The Youngest , Miss
Piper." is an amusing account of an in
dependent young girl- who lives in Cali
fornia, and who shocks her family by in
sisting upon marrying, a man considered
far beneath her in social sfatlon. Sev
eral of the Incidents of the courtship re
lated in the tale, together withi the de
scriptions of ihe'odd Miss Piper and her
equally odd admirer, are very amusing.
The first story. "Jimmy's Big Brother
from California," is • a, typical Harte
story,- with- a chivalrous Western hero,
ready to do a kindness, even for stran
gers,, without thought of return.,, The
present Westerner, however, finds a re
.ward for his self-sacrificing goodness In
the love of an attractive Southern girl.
Ten Rhort stories by ; Bret Harte:. have
been published In book form under the
title, "Under the Redwoods." They are
good. Several of them remind one more
Btrongly of the Bret Harte of.years ago
than most of the stories which he* has
written lately. ... . - "';
Under the Redwoods.
When' the famous Klondike "strike" was made, inrushing miners found him"
livlng below the Ketchumstock Hills, in the center of Alaska, an adopted mem
ber of a tribe of the Tukudh Indians, who stood in awe of his pens and- paper,
and called him a white medicine man. In the silences of the long white Arctic
night, as well as in the> African desert, Mr.. Wheeler composed his poems— a
strange setting for latter-day verse. A fall while moose hunting gent him back to
civilization to heal a lung lacerated by broken <ribs. and since then, finding life in
the wilds impossible, he has : remained in New York, sending out from time to
time the poems for whicl) the name "Post Wheeler" is a badge.
1 *;The first volume which .Mr. Wheeler has permitted-to bo compiled, "Love
in-a-MIst." contains 200 peoms. It 'is bound In cloth of blue and silver, is printed
on fxtra heavy paper, and has as frontispiece a 'steel portrait of the author, on
Japanese paper. . " . ' '
POST WHEELER is of English parentage, ,the son of the Rev. Dr. Henry
Wheeler of Philadelphia. Ten years ago he was graduated "from Prince
ton University, one. of the brilliant circle .which composed, besides,.- Booth
Tarkington. "Walter Wyckoff . (author of "The Workers"), James Barnes
(the 'naval historian and war correspondent), Jesse Lynch Williams, Rob
ert Bridges and Burton Egbert Stevenson. After graduation he drifted to Lou
don and Paris, In which latter city he. with Israel Zangwlll and Paul Vernne,
led the younger following. A year after he disappeared from Paris, It was re
ported that he was, living with a Bedowa tribe. In the mountains below Tangier,
Morocco./ He returned to this country to receive the degree of Litt. D. from
Princeton, and remained in- New York for several years;
post whssur.
The Story-Reader.
"The- Story Reader,", by. Alfred E. Logie
and ¦ Claire H. Uecke, assisted by Sarah
For bo young a man Joseph Sharts has had a
varied career. . His devotion to Cuba and its
liberty is perhaps it« moet picturesque inci
dent, for it began back In hla college days and
prompted him to much gallant help for the
rause. Even while, he was still at Harvard,
and before the outbreak of the war,', he ' tried
which was giving so much trouble to Spain,
self to the Cuban.Junta in New York. He waa
not permitted at that.' time to -Join the army
which, wai giving bo much. trouble to^Spaln,
but later on when the United States took a
hand In the quarrel his . impatient sympathy
drove him to the front. As Boon- as the Maine
was ; blown up he Joined . the Ohio mllltla,
knowing that war was Inevitable, and when it
was actually declared he was .among the first
to offer his services.' . His • record through i that
Fhort and sharp . struggle is of the most gal
lant, and the charm of the wild and fascinat
ing life made it difficult for him to throw It up
in favor of the more prosaic practice of law.
It Is perhaps because he wished,* by way of
contrast, to bring a little of the romance of
life in the field into his law office that he be
gan the , writing of novels. "Ezra Caine" is
the first' fruit of his effort.
B. G. LATHROP.
' His publishers, Herbert S. Stone & Co.,
Chicago, have fcent me the following about
Mr. Sharts himself. It is worth reading,
for I feel assured we shall hear more from
this author. He undoubtedly possesses
great talent:
"Ezra Caine". is the first work from the
pen of Joseph Sharts. Of its kind it is a
gem and well rhows the.tiand of a pow
erful writer, keen in psychological analy
sis and endowed with a most vivid imag
ination. It is to be hoped that we shall
hear from him again in more^pleasant
vein. "Ezra Caine" is too horrible to
recommend as a story.
He kills th«> doctor in as brutal a man
ner as his description of the battle Is
brutish. - • .
Just at this point. a sort of whirl came into
my drowsy head and the next Instant I' found
that it was I -who was straining and fighting,
that It was I who was crunching and snarling
with a thick, hairy thumb in my mouth.
The next Instant It seems to this "mad
man that he is standing apart watching
these two figures bend and sway and
strike in mortal combat. Then he sees
the doctor force back the other figure and
reach with his hand to grasp it by the
throat. He sees this figure s*ize the doc
tor's thumb in its strong white teeth:
He looks at the Intruder at first in a
calm, dispassionate light as if he con
cerned him. not at all. _ . .
Ezra even Imagines that it is his father
and not himself standing "by the wlrjdow
waiting for this . muscular doctor to
attack. • * ¦••-. •
In his tale he starts from the beginning
in the old house with his devoted mother
by his side, and with the first hearing of
things and seeing of faces that exist in
his imagination alone. From this he goes
on step by step analyzing feelings and
sensations as the madness gradually
creeps into his veins, until, in its climax,
he throttles his pursuing demon — the dpc->
tor— and escapes to the fields to run mad
ly over hill and dale through the night,
iinally to be caught at last and doomed
for life to the padded" cell.
That account, as he tells it himself, of
his flight after the murder is enough of
horror to satisfy the greatest lover of the
morbid. There is only one more frightful
passage in the book, and that is where
he tells of his fight with and murder of
the doctor. It is the maniac describing
his own sensations.
He sees this doctor come Into the dark
ened room of the attic where he has hid
den.
To make this man more dangerous, he
is not one of the common sort, but has
been raised in a rejined way. All of his
education, however, has but tended to
make him cunning beyond the average,
end therefore with his mentality, physical
power and murderous instincts combined,
he Is a creature half human, half beast.
A personality .that makes the blood run
cold.
If you want a story that will freeze
your blood on a summer night, if you are
looking for something 1 to read that will
make vou almost afraid to look into a
mirror lest you see the staring eyes of a
maniac, if you want a chilling depres
sion like a series of funerals of deaily
beloved, if you are looking for any or
all of these sensations, get a copy of
"Ezra Caine" and take it In large or
small doses as the case requires. .
There is a story that would tickle even
the fancy of Poe to be able to sign his
name to it.
Of its. kind it is excellent. For any one
with a vivid imagination it is too strong
for use except in the most homeopathic
doser-.
Ezra Caine, who gives his name to the
story, is the son of a maniac. He writes
this story himself from the cell of an
asyli'm. His insanity is of the most
dangerous sort, for it is that that craves
the taking of human life.
girl for his eon. So far everything Is
Jovely.
But Cea there Is the crafty, villain, Lu-
A BRAVE story, brave deeds and
brave words— therein lies the suc
cess of "The Helmet of Navarre."
It is really a remarkable bit of
fiction, considered as the first work of a
young girl, and even when not regarded
In that light it will more than hold its
own with similar novels of to-day.
Its charm lies largely in Its spontaneity
and the rapid recital of events. The story
carries you along from nace to page. You
read in spite of yourself, and yei all the
time you well know that it is all deMcious
ly improbable.
Just the thing for a piay. and 3 good
melodramatic one at that, you murmur as
you finish the last page.
In this connection it is said that when
two installments of tbe story had boen
printed in the Century magazine theatri
cal managers all over the country came
hot-foot to capture the rights. Miss Eliz
abeth Marbury took charge of the matter
for Miss Runkle. and in due time the
dramatization is to appear on the boards.
For the purposes? of i lie .stage the book
has been literally written over for the
play, and great .results are promised. This
is an excellent point, for by this time peo
ple are tired of the cheap dramatizations
of historical noveis that have been -going
the rounds. It is no easy matter to adapt
a play from a book, and the greatest mis
take is to lift whole chunks of the novel
out bodily to place in the dialogue — a
method that is now proving its own fal
lacy.
If "The Helmet of Navarre" Is well dra
matized it will go as a play with the same
success that has greeted it as a novel. %
There are very few pages of Miss Run
kle's book that are occupied by Henry of
France In person; still his individuality
and cause influence the actions of the
characters sufficiently to warrant the title
—"The Helmet of Navarre.'"
That boy Felix, who tells the story, goes
through enough adventures to the square
inch in the shortest time and the most
dangerous manner to please the most rab
id youthful reader of Indian literature. It
is a comfort to have him tell the story
himself, for you feel sure then that his
adventures cannot prove fatal, or other- •
wise the recital would have been put in
eome other's mcuth. Even as It Is. the
mental strain is pretty severe, and there
are times when you nearly lose confidence
on his finally being able to pull through.
From, the first moment Felix puts his
foot in Paris the trouble begins.
It has had a good start really before -
that time, but this all gradually unfolds
Itself to the astonished reader as the
"plot thickens."
Felix serves the Duk« of St. Quentln
body and soul, although his devotion is a
bit shaken by the first reception when,
suddenly reporting on duty by climbing
over the side of the Duke's carriage, he is
thrown to the ground by the arch villain
To explain the arch villain's presence at
this time by the side of the Duke, It must
be stated that just at the beginning of the
story the villain is acting as secretary for
the Duke and incidentally spying out his
affairs for the benefit of the Duke of
Mayenne — another villain, but of the bet
ter sort.
The honors of hero are divided among
the Duke of San Quentin, his 6on and his
page, Felix— there is also Vlgo. the man
at arms, who deserves some atten
tion in this connection.
There is only one heroine and of course
that one is the relative of the Duke's arch
enemy. She indirectly causes all the
trouble, and finally all the happiness. For •
like the regulation ; sort of the bravo
school the story ends well. You know
It must do that before you have read
three chapters.
If Miss Runkle had dared- put her hero,
the young Comte de Mar, through all
those incredible hairbreadth escapes only
> to cle in the end and lose the beautiful
of his heart, she would certainly de
\erve a letter of censure from one and all
ct her readers.
iW this book there Is no time for sur
gerjj of mental insldes — as Winston
Churchill aptly puts it— Miss Runkle does
not pause to analyze feelings. She relates
actions pure and simple and lets' the
reader draw his own conclusions. The
actual time consumed from that period
•when "all seems lost" to the happy finale
in the camp of Henry of France, Is only a
lew days, but there Is enough blood spilled
per day to compare favorably with an In
dian raid In an up to date Arizona frontier
town. ...
Tet, so skillful Is the author, all this
shedding of gore seems natural enough
and the most extraordinary incidents are
made to appear plausible— that Is art.
On one page the Duke thinks that his
eon Is going to murder him because he
would not let his son marry the cousin
of Mayenne. Felix thinks bo, too, for It
is he who brings the Information. The
reader Is neutral.
On the next page Felix falls into more
discoveries so fast that the reader almost
loses his breath, and it is established that
the Comte did not Intend to take . his
father's life.
Later, quite by accident, the Comte de
Max and Felix arrive Just In time to sav«
the Duke's life and then the Duke finds
out bis mistake and promises to win the
For plots, ingenious disguises discovered
by the fair sex, street fights in t the dark. '
doors that cpen to catch the hero and
Felix just as they are about to be run
through by a score of swords, escapes
through tunnels and trap doors, reprieves
from death in the Bastille — there are
enough in "The Helmet of Navarre" to
make Stanley Weyman fearful for his
laurels.
"The Helmet of Navarre" is certainly
melodramatic, but it is written with a
dash and style that would cover a multi
tude of- sawmills and "real water.". The
vocabulary is not strained and the dia
logue Is natural. .
They say that to. see Bertha Runkle at.
her summer home in the Ca tskllls riding
around with the pony and cart bought
from the check the Century Company sent
when "The Helmet of Xavarre" was ac
cepted you would never take her for the
author of such a work.
But then authors, never look nor act
quite as one expects. -¦ v
Miss Runkle seems to be a charming
American girl who can wear her hair
down her back and enjoy o.ut of doer life
or dance at a hop with the most natural
and simple of our maids. ' .
It is to be hoped her success will not
turn her head.
Lucas, who is really i nephew of .May
enne with a bar sinister on his scutcheon,
plays the villain very satisfactorily.
Foiled in his first attempt he keeps up the
good work, according to his lights, of try
ing to get rid of De Mar and marry the
girl himself. But Felix, with more luck
than you even read about, Is always on
hand just at the opportune moment to
hear the plan and work a counter-plot. :
There is not much time in the story for
love making, but you know all along that
the deep, true, passionate and lasting af
fection is there, so it is all right. There
are more broken swords and broken heads
than broken hearts in the tale.
cas; to be reckoned with, as well as May
eniw with all his power.
In tracing the . evolution of . a - highly
composite • people ' from '. Its • .various: rac<» I ;
vnits, the author 'points;, out; that .Spain/
was the, battle ground upon, which -wag
decided the form Into which ' mo'durn civ
ilization- should -beV: molded— whether
Aryan or Semite, Christian or Moslem.
D. Appleton & Coi, New York, 'sire pub
lishing a series of "The Great, Peoples,'*
edited by Dr. York Powell of Oxford Uni
versity. The . first volume of j this . series
Is "The Spanish People," and it promises
well for the success of the scheme. This
volume takes up, the ) origin, ; g.-owth; and
Influence of 'the Spanish, people,; and is
by Martin A. • S. Hume, author ¦ of • "The
Great Lord - Burleigh," -. '.'The J Courtships
of Queen Elizabeth,'! arid editor of "Cal
endar of Spanish State Papers,'* etc.
The. Spanish People.
Afterward comes the attempt of General
Anthony Wayne to break the power of
the Indians, which after St. Clair's "defeat
was spent in inflicting every kind. of.bar
barity and torture upon the scattered set
tlers near the Ohio. Lee plays an" active
part in .Wayne's campa'gn. After,- the
splendid victory of the Americans, he re
turns to his old home in Philadelphia* to
find reward for his bravery in exoneration
of the charge of treason/ and in the love
of Rose Carew. (Published by;D. Apple
ton &.Co., New York. 'Price $150.) |
A wealthy man named Carew goes from
Philadelphia to' the West, where he hopes
to realize dreams of ambition by acquir
ing. an immense estate on the broadening
frontier of the nation. He -is accompanied
by his daughter. Soon after their arrival
Rose Carew. 13 captured by the Indians.
At this time General St. Clair is about to
start. out 'on an expe<ytion against the In
dians, who have been collecting a large
army to resist the encroachments of the
whites upon their territory. Lee Joins the
army of St. Clair as a scout. After the
terrible defeat of the Americans by the
Indians.- Lee takes a few companions. and
seeks the delivery of Rose Carew, which
he effects -with gr it heroism.
Lee has been an officer in the Conti
nental army. At the clo?e of the revolu
tion he was accused of. treason, but for
some reason not hanged. Unable to bear
the odium he- has Incurred,. Lee seeks a
home in the wilderness of the West, and
by his nobility and bravery gains among
the frontiersmen thefriends which he ex
pected never to haVe again, after the ac
cusation brought against him. For a num
ber of years Lee s Jives among the woods,
where he gains a knowledge of the' wood*
craft and- warfare of the Indians, neces
sary-in those troublous times for; those
-who -would live near them in safety.
Those who have read and enjoyed the
historical novels of Jo?r>ph A. Altsheler
will know what-to expect from his latest
work,. "The Wilderness Road," a romance
of the Indian wars which were fought
near the Ohio at the beginning of the
nineteenth century. The story Is well
written. "The account of stirring histori
cal events shares Interest with the de
scription of the adventures of the hero,
John Lee. ;
The Wilderness Road.
The tale the book tells is a sad one, as
must be all descriptions of the harvest of
sorrow inevitably reaped by those who
sow the seeds of selfish desires;, but the
great lesson it teaches is set forth so
forcibly that it is worthy of more than
one perusal. (Published by Charles Scrib
ner's Sons, New York. Price $1 50.)
So Sixte finds that, however much he
may deny the real existence of moral re
sponsibility, while men are bound together
In a society, the consequences which fol
low from a man's actions, by affecting all
society, make it imperative to accept as
an hypothesis, if not as a demonstrable
truth, the theory that the preservation
of society makes necessary, criticism of
conduct according to a definite standard
of right and wrong. "' -v \ ' -.
sophical problems. As a result of.' his
studies he publishes several treatises, in
which he endeavors to prove by 'logical
argument, strengthened by illustrations
from the phenomena of the ..natural
sciences, that, as man is the measure, of
all things, it is impossible with justice to
hold a man responsible for not complying
with customs which may not accord with
his Individual tastes, and further, that the
doctrine of moral responsibility, which'
assumes that every man torn in a society
is answerable in a greater or less degree
for the happiness of the other members
of the community, is but an idle myth. .
A young Frenchman. Robert Greslan,
becomes acquainted with the works of
Sixte and "finds in them a philosophy
whose tenets'are in accord with his own
views. Unfortunately, Greslan is, unlike
Sixte. a man in^whom evil passions strug
gle for mastery with noble traits of char
acter. Accepting with enthusiasm the
philosophy of Sixte, Greslan finds In Its
study an intellectual delight and in the
application of Its principles to his own
conduct an excuse for the indulgence of
his passions. At last Breslan. finds that
even if, according to his philosophy, he
is accountable for his actions only to him
self, before the law he must stand ready
to answer for them. Grecian's career
ends in disaster and he appeals to Sixte
to aid him, telling the philosopher that
his conduct has been influenced by the
writings of Sixte, and therefore that they
are responsible for the trouble into .which
it leads him. v '
"The Disciple," by 1'aul Bourget, first
published more than a decade ago, is now
issued by the Scribners. It is perhaps the
bept thing which Bourget has written. To
those who enjoy a description of the evo
lution of a personality this book can be
commonded highly. It is In its main pur
pose an -arraignment of the philosophy of
atheism arid a description of the degen
eration of conduct which, as a. rule, re
sults from-an absence of belief in the ob
ligations imposed by a moral law which
overrules the inclinations and the passions
of mankind. :
- .The story told in "The Disciple" is in
itself simple. A leading- French philos
opher, Adrien Sixte, is a man of noble
simplicity of character. He devotes his
whole life to the investigation of philo-
The Disciple.
A.; Milner, principal of Madison Avenue
School, Chicago, is the latest addition to
the Eclectic School Readings. It furnishes
a r.ories of simple and interesting stories,
carefully graded and attractively j illus
trated, and well suited to appeal -to a'va
riety of interests in children:/ Many of
the?<? stories suggest seat work, not a few
can be easily, dramatized, and some are
based on the child's tendency to imitate
the social world abcut him. Valuable sug
gestions are. printed in the back of the
book to guide the teacher in supplement
ary wprk based on the themes ; of the
stories. The material here presented was
selected , from a much larger amount
which" had been thoroughly, and carefully
tested in the classroom, and the book-is
therefore entirely practical in plan .and
• contents. (Published by. the American
Book Company, New York. Price, 30
cent?.) \
¦ . ¦ , -. . / ¦•-.' ¦
A poor imitation of "David Harum" ha<«
been written by Henry D. Northrop an<l
called "John AVinslow." The scene of tho
story is laid in New York State. The hero
is an. uncultivated man with a fund of
native wit and with sufficient wealth to
enable him to indulge his generous im
pulses. There is in the book material for
a good story, but it is used with so little
skill that'what'might have been, made an
interesting account of the simple life of
quaint .country people becomes, for the
most part, an inartistic jumble of forced
'wit- and uninteresting:, scenes. (Published
by G. W. Dillingham Company, New York.
Price ?150.) . . \
John Winslow.
The, country became the nnd
transmitter ; of many survivals of van
ished ancient systems,'^ and the culture
of Spain was in a sense an epitome of
various rival systems which In historic
times have divided the world. Theiser
vicee of Spaniards to the Roman empire,
the mystic spiritual -xaltaUbn of ;» th«
sixteenth century and the far-reaching
explorations and conquests oi: Spaniards,
the services rendered by/. Spa In to Latin
literature, the preservation of the Roman
system of Jurisdiction in Spain, and the
influence of Spain upon .religion, litera
ture andythe stage, are fully indicated in
this book. One of the. writer's chief ob
jects has been to describe thu develop
ment of trwhole people and to trace the
vicissitudes of this peculiarly complex
rr.ee to primitive causes. -His story of
ths evolution of the Spanish people \s
told from v a fresh point ¦; of view.. Dr.
Hume writes with all the ' advantages of
(he modern historical specialist, and his
picture of the development of the Span
iiaru will be 'found a ; fresh and most im
portant history; of 'a,- great people, whose
jVarktl ord nieturesaue caieo: 1 Is one .of
uniailing interest. (Pi ice *?i 50.)
An amusing- story, though improbable
and somewhat absurd, is "Without ... a
Warrant," by Hilclegard Brooks. It re
counts the adventures of a Northern girl
who is. spending. a summer in the South,
and who is captured and held as a pris
oner for several days by a. party of men
whom she supposes to be outlaws and
murderers. The men turn out to be citi
zens of worth and reputation. . One of
them, at the end. of a series of/exciting
adventures in which th% heroine .Is com
pelled to play a part, succeeds In'gainlng
her forgiveness for having detained" her,
returns her to her family and wins her
love. (Published by Charles Scribner's
Sons, New York. Price $1 50.)
Without a Warrant.
The second volume of "Chips," a col
lege annual published by the Junior class
of the dental department of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons of San Fran
cisco, has Just been put before the read
ing world Y Like all publications of this
character it appeals more particularly to
students of the various classes in that col
lege and to the recent alumni. There are
plenty- of good Joshes on fellow classmen;
good half-tone reproductions of class and
fraternal photographs; photos and brief
biographies of the various professors of
the institution. The editorial, staff has
done good work and has a right to be,
justly proud of its efforts. It includes
the following names: Robert-Burns Jr.,
editor* in chief; W. M. Clark, assistant
editor; B. C. Best, assistant >dltor; W.
"W. Goode, business manager; J. S. Wren,
assistant business manager; H.. G.
Schroeder, artist.
Chips.
tertainlng. Taken as a whole the collec
tion is in 'merit; far above the average
short stories. (Published ¦ by Houghton,
Mifflln & Co., Boston. Price, $1 25.)
In the guise of a boy Isabella has many
a stirring adventure on the expeditions
which her foster-brothers make for the
sake of exterminating their foes. The
pretty romance interwoven' among the
scenes; of battle and bloodshed will be
left for the ! reader to peruse for him
self - _ =x_ .
Literary Notes.
Like the author of "David Harum,"
A. R. Conder, whose novel, "The Seal of
Silence," is tobe published in June by
D. Appleton &' Co.'. never saws his book.
Mr. Conder, who was a young Oxford
graduate, finished his novel in December
about a month before his death. His
book is described as a romance of the
present day. "remarkable" for Ita sustained
interest and , the striking quality of the
principal situation.
An interesting contribution to the July
number of the Critic is an article by A
D. Albert Jr. on. "Joseph Jefferson as a
Painter." The article Is illustrated with
a number of half-tone reproductions from
Mr. Jefferson's canvases. Mr. Albert.
whll« he appreciates th« sympathetic art
A wild flight of imagination; eccen
tric asthe antics of a suburban cow on a
stampede;, mixed with ponderous chunks
of dubious philosophy and learned specu
lations on the possibility of the Impos
sible, has been : put in book form and
called "Etidorhpa." You must read the
title^backward to get the name. This
beautiful little device* for making mys
teries Is of a kind with the rest of.the
book. The author, John Uri Lloyd, with
one scimiter-like swoop of his literary pen
cuts all the Inside out of the world and
then in this vast hollow, about -7000 miles
In diameter, he lets his imagination run
wild. He proves with much elaboration
that Kentucky is the gateway to this Plu
tonian underworld, basing his theory not
upon the fact of its feuds and moonshln
ing, but for the reason that there Is al
ready a large cave there. i . ""-•
For people who are Inclined to be dizzy
or light-headed • the book is not pleasant
reading. It mixes too much fact and the
ory with sophistical experiments of the
high-school laboratory. And then, worse
than that, the hero falls 35,000,000 feet In
one place, as near as the tired reader
would care to figure it out. The first four
teen chapters make good skipping. (Pub
lished by Dodd, Mead & Co., New -York
Price; $1 50.)
The Silver Skull.
"The- Silver Skull." by S. R. Crockett.
Is reprinted by the Frederick Stokes Com
pany. To those who like a- stirring tale,
of^war. love and the righting of wrong
combined this romance will prove enter
taining.
The scene of the story, is laid in Italy
in the early part of the nineteenth cen
tury, when, troublous times were gradu
ally giving place to the peace which was
later to nettle over a united country. The
heroine, Isabella, who Is a member of -a
noble family, in~ early youth has all of
her relatives killed by the agents of a
secret organization whose aim was to
keep a part of Italy under its rule by
using fire and sword against all who op
posed its mandates.
Isabella is brought up by the Jardarellls
a family -which spent life and fortune Irl
an effort to rescue Apalia from the grasp
of the terrible organization whose em
blem was a silver skull.
The book is about- small and simple
things, but they are of the kind that we
need to take our mind off the big complex
ones that wear it out. (Published by the
Baker & Taylor Company, New York.
Price ?L)
Etidorhpa.
quette, as 'well as. of many others whose
names are less . generally familiar. The
thrilling story of their bravery, their ad
ventures and their hardships is told in a
narrative which, while historically accu
rate, Is as fascinating as any work oi nc
.tion. and presents a vivid and attractive,
picture of their careers. The numerous
Illustrations add to the interest of tne
book and small sketch maps show tne
routes of .the various explorations. ( FUD "
lished by the American Book Company,
New York. Price 60 cents.)
With the Wild Flowers.
A stranger in a city without friends or
guide book would see but little to interest
him compared to what the knowing could
show. ¦ ¦ , ' • '••'
One who grows flowers, a garden, or
who has. time to visit any -part of the
great park with -which nature covers the
earth, is missing more than half of the
beauties of.the flower world If Unacquaint
ed with botany. That Is such a dry-sound
ing word, and so much associated with
long meaningless other worda which have
no more significance than a catalogue
number that Maud Going (E. M. Hard
inge). the author of "With the "Wild
Flowers." has purposely chosen a prettier
name for the work, although it is in real
ity a very interesting and correct little
elementary botany. Just enough to give
an Interest if one desires to study, or
to satisfy the curiosity it. one does not
care to go further. It is much devoted to
the love affairs of the flowers and to the
bees and butterflies who carry love's mes
sages from one to the other.
There come3 s human interest into the
lives of the flowers when one learns how
each of them is striving to win some flow
er-mate and send its message by a bee
who is all too busy, or a butterfly who is
all too careless of the precious dispatch
intrusted to Its keeping. How the little
flower is businesslike, too, and S^ys the
bee for Its service by giving it a little drop
of honey. Or if it is a flower who thinks
the bee is much too hurried and matter
of-fact to be trusted with Cupid's mes
sage, then it sinks its honey away in a
deep pouch where only the long proboscis
of the butterfly can reach.
Then there are the troubles that the
poor little flower has, when the ants come
stealing honey snd pollen and positively
refuse to carry any message to anybody
in return. For them the little flower
makes savage preparations for defense.
It is no longer a guileless little blossom,
but a perfect ilttle Hades on a stem. It
plans sharp stickers to gouge their eyes
out, and noxious stickinesses to smother
'their insect lungs and tangle their spidery
legs. It puts out cups of water to drown
them in and bayonets to stab them. Never
•believe that a flower Is as Innocent as It
looks. Even the modest Ilttle violet and
the chaste Illy are quite ferocious when It
.comes to defending themselves against
marauders.
Of course to one who is a botanist .all
of these things are not new and perhaps
not so interesting, but to the person who
has been too busy to wade through a bog
of Latin terms relating to "endogenous
and exogenous" and.-whi^h give to a
strawberry such a harsh consonantal
name that you would think it would cer
tainly choke you if you tried to eat It.
this book will give many a pleasant hour.
The author is evidently a naturalist who
studies nature with no more aids than the
eyes. and ears and fingers which nature
gave us. The result is that all which is
told in the book may be seen in the gar
den and before you have read many pages
you will send, or better still, go cut and
get some flowors to see for yourself all
of the busy doings which go on In' the
little world of a foot square, where life
and death ami commerce are' carried on
by flowers, ant*, and boes with honey for
money and everything for love.
Another good feature of the work Is tnat
it does not send the reader chasing half
way round the world to illustrate the
wonders of nature as shown in vegetable
life, but on the contrary, presents them
from descriptions of flowers that grow in
every American garden and roadside. The
story of "How the Garden Goes to Sleep"
Is a pretty one and Is just jfl^.well illus
trated by the description of a sleepy
stringbean plant and a yawny, drooping,
little clover patch, as it would be if the
author had used South American flowers
to Illustrate the Idea.
of Mr. Jefferson. Is quite conscious that
his is not altogether original, though en
tirely charming.- ,
The July Issue of the "new" Llpplncott
Magazine will be a summer story num
ber The complete novel and eight short
stories varied to many tastes will appeal
to travelers, those taking. vacations and
to the Idler at home. The magazine will
appear m a new cover adapted to Its sum
mer contents.
Stories, long « nd sho^ wll^* bO ;L"lJ?
the July Century. Justifying Its charac
erization as a summer fiction number.
Miss Mary E. Wilklns will tell a charac
teristic New England tale and Seumas
MacManus a typical Irish one; the hero
in? of "A Hope Deferred," by Josephine
Dasfcam. is a New England spinster . and
"r* novelist
toTon. .So?. st ories will be
by Stewart Edward White and Elliott
Flower, creator of Policeman Flynn. In
feresting Installments will accompany
them of Mrs. Burnett's novelet^ The
Making of a Marchioness and Mr.
Baqheller's novel, "D'rl and I.
McClure. Phillips & Co. will publish
next autumn an Unrated reprint of
"Christopher In His Sporting Jacket, by
John Wilson (Christopher ->:«**>. *****
of "Nootes Ambrosianae." This diverting
account of the sports in vogue in the
south of Scotland at the end of the eight
eenth century first appeared in ' BlacK
wood's Magazine for September . K2S, and
was afterward included in • 'Christopher
North's Recreations." in 1S42. "Christo
pher in His Sporting Jacket 1 s practi
cally unknown, but it has qualities of a
high order in narrative description, hu
moT and feeling for nature that fit it to
become a classic of * our literature.
E. L. Voynlch. the author of "Jack Ray
mond." which the J. B. Llppincott Com-,
pany recently published, and of which the
first edition was sold before publication,
and of which the second edition was dis
posed of within three weeks of publica
tion, is a woman— and of Irish, not. as
you may suppose, of Russian birth. Her
name is Ethel Lillian Voynich. Some
thirty-three years ago, she was born In
Ireland, of English parents, and all her
education was gained In London schools.
According to her own confession her life
has been singularly free from startling
Incidents, and there is nothing that dis
tresses and annoys her more than the two
assertions, freely and frequently made,
that her husband's history Is brimful of
tragic fncidents, Mr. Voynich Is really a
native of Lithuania, in Russian Poland, a
quiet, cultivated gentleman, who. not ap
proving of the methods of the Russian
Government, located himself in England.
He was never a Siberian exile, and In
England he met and married Miss Ethel
Lillian Boole, daughter of the eminent
logician of that name. Before her mar
riage Mrs. Voynich. like many an English
Erirl. spent several years on the Continent.
but since her marriage she has made her
home In London. This Is the record of a
quiet, happy life. "Jack Raymond" Is the
favorite among her intellectual creations.
She wrote It out of a full heart, and the
story would not be stayed, once she en
tered on its composition.
Mark Twain once had an engagement to
lecture in a small, town, and was met at
the railway station by. the minister, as
the leader of intellectual society In the
place. The minister welcomed the dis
tinguished visitor, and. ; as they walked
up to the parsonage where Mark was to
be housed and fed during his stay, his
host conversed on several topics and
finally said: /
"Mr. Clemens, it has always been our
custom, in this little town, to open every
entertainment given here with prayer, and
I should litfe to do so to-nisht. If agree
able to you. Would you have any objec
tion to my doing so?"
"Why. my dear sir," replied Mark-.*
warmly, "on the contrary It will give me
great pleasure— I should be very glad to
know that the lecture was going to be
started right, anyhow."
So with this understanding: they went
to the lecture-room that evening, and the
minister left the lecturer sitting In th»
corner of the platform, took the center of
the stage himself, and proceeded to offer a
prayer about half an hour long. In tlie
course of which he gave his views on all
current affairs of interest, and concluded
by saying:
"And now. O Lord, we have with us
to-night a man who is known throughout
all the world as the great American hu
morist. Help us, O Lord — help us to un
derstand what he Is about to say to us.
and to be amused by it; and. if possible,
grant that we may derive some real
benefit from his lecture."
Books Received.
DID SHE FAIL?— By Anna Fielding. The
Abb»y Press. New York. 50 cents.
VIOLA LIVINGSTONE— By Mary E. Payne.
The Abb^y Press, New York. 50 cents.
HISTORY OF THE NAVY— By Edgar S.
Maclay. D. Appleton & Co., Xew York. Vol,
III. $3.
THE CRUISE OF THE PETREL— By T.
Jenkins Halns. McClure. Phillips & Co.. Xew
York. $1 25.
FIVE YEARS OF MY LIFE, 18M-lS99-By
Alfred Dreyfus. McClure. Phillips & Co. New
York. $1 50.
THE BOOK OF GENESIS IN THE LIGHT
OF MODERN KNOWLEDGE— By Rev. El
wood "Worcester, D.D. McClure, Phillips &
Co.. New York. $3.
, EVERY ONE HIS OWN WAY— By Edith
Wyatt. McClure, Phillips & Co. New York,
tt 50.
THE CHILDREN' OF THE NATIONS-By
Poultney Blgrelow. McClure, Phillips & Co..
New York. $2.
THE GOD OF HIS FATHERS— By Jack
London. McClure, rhillips & Co.. New York.
U 50.
THE IN,HERITORS-By Joseph Conrad and
Ford M. Hueffer. McClure. Phillips & Co..
New York, fl 50.
THE WORLD OF GRAFT— By Jostah Flynt.
McClure. Phillips & Co.. New York. $1 23
THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMER
ICA—By John Christopher Schwab. A.M..
Ph. D. McClure. Phillips & Co.. New York.
$2 50.
THE GRAPES OF WRATH-By Mary Har
riott Norrls. Small, Maynard & Co., 'Bos
ton. $1 60. "":-: -^--i
A PRIMARY HISTORY OF THE UNITED
STATES— By John Bach McMaster. American
Book Company. New York. 60 cenffs.
STORIES OF ANCIENT PEOPLES— By Em
ma J. Arnold. American Book Company. New
York. 50 'cents. '
j THE DISCOVERY OF. THE OLD NORTH
WEST—By James, Baldwin. American Bock
Company. New York. 60 cents.
THE STORY READER— By Alfred E. Logie
and Claire H. Uecke, assisted by Sarah A.
Mllner. American Book Company, New York.
30 cents.
A TOPICAL- DISCUSSION OF, AMERICA
.HISTORY— By TV. C. Doub. A.B. The Whit
j aker and Ray Company. San Francisco.
I A TOPICAL DISCUSSION OF GEOGRAPHY
. —By W. C. Doub, A.B. The Whltaker and
Ray Company. San Francisco. 23 cents.
GRAMMAR BY THE INDUCTIVE METHOD
—By WT. C. Doub, A.B. The TVhitaker and
Ray Company. San Francisco. 25 cents.
¦THE; SUNDAY C^LL.
10
Writers
of Book
The Books Seyiewed
ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
J26 PpST STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
-Prices are always in the
Reading Notices. '
A. M. ROBERTSON.Anong the hills a day has dawned most fair;
In hazy languor tower the mountain crests;
And bathed in splendor arc the uplands where
The vale of La Crcsccnta calmly rests.
Here Solitude in sweet seclusion reigns,
From all the elements of strife apart;
And peaceful pleasures strike away the chains
That worldly cares have forged about the heart.
A loitering horseman seeking to beguile '
In Nature's realm the golden summer hours,
With lagging pace ascends the long defile
That upward winds through slopes of fern and flowers.
Aaon, some verdant canopy beneath,
His charger reined,* he lingers for a time,
The perfume-laden atmosphere to breathe,
And feast his fancy on the scene sublime.
The rippling brooklet springing at his feet —
The silent river flowing through the lea —
Their ways pursue until at length they meet,
And, sweeping onward, seek the boundless sea.
/The glorious sea! Yon vast resplendent sheet,
Whence glistening shafts of golden light are driven,
Its billows wide the vague horizon greet
And melt into the firmament of heaven.
Before him stretch in undulating grace
Expansive sun-kissed fields of ripening .grain;
While threadlike streams in silvery radiance trace
Their winding courses o'er the distant plain.
A dreamy stillness dwells the landscape o'er,
And undisturbed is Nature's deep repose; /
Above, the austere eagles illy soar,
Like guardian wraiths whose vigils never close.
But hark! Upon the stillness faintly steals
The weird vibration of a distant strain;
In softest rhythm float the mystic peals,
As echoes from an elfin choir's refrain.
Awakened from his reverie profound,
With eager interest the wanderer guides
His courser on toward whence the luring sound
Is borne adown the canyon's wooded sides.
Thus onward drawn as by a phantom cord —
The echoes answering in vague replies-
He views at length upon an emerald sward
The' source from whence the magic sounds arise.
But vain the poet's tongue may seek to. tell,
In lyric verse or measured sonnet sweet,
The rich enchantments which this mountain dell
Unfolds, the stranger's wondering gaze' to greet
"Oh, fair is the realm where the Naiads roam,
'Neath the spreading shade of the whispering trees;
And careless and free in our mountain home,
Where the wavelets dance and the torrents foam,
We sport in the gentle breeze.
"No cares we own in cur blissful clime — ,
No wasting sorrows. nor. baneful ills,
But our voices glad rnd the brooklet's chimo
Are softly blended in rippling : rhyme
As we chant by the eddying rills.
A band of Naiads here their bower have made,
With sylvan charms luxuriantly graced;. -v-
And deep within the grove's sequestered shade,
On cunning webs, grotesquely interlaced
With drooping boughs, the gladsome nymphs recline;
While one, the sweetest cf the concourse fair,
Around whose brow the sunbeams gently twine,
Pours forth this carol on the balmy air:
"In a far-off town on the sultry plain,
With the mortals dwelt we long ago,
Till the Dryads called us to join their train,
And we followed, ne'er to return again,
;While the laughing waters flow."
"And oft on the midnight's gentle gale,
; When woods are silent -and skies are clear,
¦ To our wild domain do the sea sprites sail,
And we laugh and sing in the moonlight pale
Till the purple dawn is near.
J a
In startled haste the lissome, nymphs arise,
And shrinking back into the forest shade
Upon the stranger gaze in mute surprise,
Who now proceeds — his mild obeisance paid-—.
In courtly terms his presence to explain;
Then, scarcely passed though are the morning hours, ]
He pleads fatigue and would awhile remain,
To seek refreshment in their fragrcnt bowers.
The measure o'er, the queenly sylph retires \
With languid grace amidst the fairy band, \
When, stepping < forth, the cavalier desires,
With gallant mein, a welcome to their land.
That briefly since entranced thee with their wiles!
What now, are lone retreats and purling streams
Compared to glances shy and sunny smiles!
Oh, yielding man! How transient were the dreamr
1 -FINALE.
" The Minstrel and the Muse may sing
Of spheres where blooms eternal Spring—
Of joy untold that hidden lies \
Beyond the azure of the skies—
Their psalmodies might vainly seelc '
The glories of this land to speak!
Nor breathes the Bard who can portray
The raptures I have known to-day.
Thus joyously the leisure moments speed, \
And soon o'er earth the shade of even steals;
With vain regret the traveler girths his steedt
But ere he mounts this sentiment reveals:
For now, with sweet and winning diffidence,
The gentle spirits slowly venture, near;
While from each fair, angelic countenance
• Has vanished every trace of doubt and fear.
They bid their guest the freedom of their haunts—
Before him place the choicest of their board.
And kindly minister unto his wants,
Till Paradise naught sweeter could afford. \
- - . <
" Ye erentle nymphs who vigils keep
O'er sparkling rills and eddies deep,
This blessing would I fain call down
.From Paradise, your lives to crown;
Hence, as of yore, may peace divine,
Within your realms forever shine;
And when ye rest the stars beneath
May zephyrs o'er you softly breathe;
While angels guard with zealous love
(Your slumbers, from their, thrones above.
"In spirit kneeling at your feet,
I thank you for. the moments sweet
Thus spent within your fair domain;
And oft amid December's rain
I'll dream the happy June-tide, when
I wandered to this blissful glen;
And here will memory fondly rest
tWhere I have been an honored guest."
"Adieu!" he cries, and answering, swell
The echoes of the Nymphs' farewell.
•Copynght, 1901.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
JWf^jff^>\Jfl^^3^K m^\ 11 | J^ T^-.yCH!I^^^^M"^^^\^^.
Poem
of
the
Naiads12NEW YORK, June 29.— Edgar Russell
Thomas, who was president of the Sev
enth National Bank for a day. and Mlsa
Linda Lee of Louisville, Ky.. were mar
ried this 1 evening a^, the homo of the
bride's aunt, Mrs. "W. B. T>ick of this city.
name of Tenrente Abar^ieraJo. On February
10 Taylor Bent to Funston all the letters of
which he was in possession, together with
other valuable information which made possible
the conception 'afed execution ol Funston' i
notable exploit.
RUNS ASHORE
DURING A FOG
Big Anchor Line Steamer
Armenia Will Be a
Total Wreck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOHN, N." B., June 29.— The An
chor line steamer. Armenia, on her way
to. St. John from New York, went .ashore
in' a' fog- this morning- on Nigger Head,
about seven miles from this point, and
hopes of saving the yessel are about
abandoned. Tugs., sent to the Armenia's
rescue made every effort to move the
steamer, but met with failure and the at
tempt was given up, the crew being taken
on board one of the tugs and brought to
this' city. The falling tide caused the
steamer to careen and she now lies on her
side, the water running Into her hold and
with the outlook that at high tide she
would be totally submerged. *
- The Armenia was' In' ballast, and was
coming here to load lumber. She is 2218
tons register, and was under command
of Captain J. W. Shanklln.
Beginning Augurs Addi
tion of Other Lines
for the Future*
dom and Hongkong " than from . the do
mains of any other people, Inclusive of the
United States.
The steamship lanes are devised by the
Government primarily for the use of the)
steamship lines and not for sailing' ves
sels, t The latter being subject more to
atmospheric conditions and being com
pelled often to go far from their courses
by reason of 'adverse winds, would not
find it practicable to attempt to pursue a
lane on the. vast width of the Pacific
Ocean.
The subject is of great importance to
the port of San Francisco, and also to all
ports of the the United States that nsa
or will .U3e. their port as a gateway for
incoming and outgoing ocean commerce.
The map will largely interest all the ship
ping men of the Pacific Coast. -'i V >
Special Dispatch, to— The .Call.
-CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,- N.
W., WASHINGTON. June 23.— Friends - of
three volunteer, officers convicted Jn Ma
nila of defrauding the Government 'will
make a determined effort to prevent their
sentences of imprisonment from Being en
forced. .The officers involved 'in 'commis
sary-scandals and dismissed by General
MacArthur are' Captain James C. Reid,
subsistence officer; Captain F.J.. Barrows,
: Thirtieth Infantry, and Fl^st Lieutenant
Frederick Boyer. of the subsistence de
partment/
Captain Reid received a sentence - of
three years, Captain Barrows five years
and Lieutenant Boyer one year. Barrows
was found guilty ;bf embezzlement '.and
with selling Government property. Boyer
was convicted of embezzling fifty cases
of bacon valued at $235 38, and sixty cases
valued at $254 45.*. General MacArthur
deemed Boyer's sentence inadequate,.nev
ertheless he approved it. vi'l r "
Friends of Barrows, Boyer and Reid in- ;
sist _ that ' General MacArthur ' exceeded
his authority in approving the sentences;
that , in time of peae'e only the' President
of, the United States under the constitu
tion '[ has power " to deprive • an .. officer jit
his commission. ¦ • -• • .- .--'""_
Special Dispatch, to .The .Call.
I CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
iw.. WASHINGTON, June. 29.— The Army
and Navy. Register in. its -Issue to-day^
makes the statement that It was not Gen
eral Funston. who discovered the, location
of Aguinaldo but Lieutenant J. D. Taylor
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry.' The Reg
ister/ says:- * ' •
j Taylor.- was In command v of the eomDuy of
his regiment at, Pantabangan In the fastnesses
of ths Caraballo Mountain*, seventy-five miles
from ' the.' railway. .In May,_l?C0, ,one .Procoplo
Llnsangan ' was ' appointed Chief of Police- and
gained the -confidence of Taylor, to whom he
made the ' proposition that a native . military
band; be orsranteed. Procoplo wu sent to Manila
under, a pass to, purchase the necessary musi
cal instruments,' ¦ and in his " absence Taylor
learned the man. was 'lp reality Major Meaario
Alambrla of the lnsurrectos. and, some of the
enemy were in the nelehborhood "a^.itlng a
call to arms they had conveniently hidden. It
further'- developed . that • Procoplo Ltasangan
never went to Manila. In " ; February last a
party of captured insurgents was to
Taylor's quarters. They proved to be deserters
from Alambria's company and one of the mem
bers, a seneeant named Sanz, . was .forced to
divulge th'ehldlns: place of .'a number of Fili
pino documents, including letters addressed to
Filipino, officials and Llnsangan' s wife.
[It .took a good deal of effort in the way of
tracking down ¦ the insurgents • and following
up clewa by Taylor before' he was able to ascer
'taln that Aguinaldo was at Palanan under tie
TAYLOR FINDS
HIDING PLACE
Lieutenant and.Not Genr
eral Punstoh Located
. Aguinaldo. : :
Special rrtspatnh to The Call.
SALT LAKE, June 29.— Senator William
A. Clark of Montana, president of the San
Pedro, Los Angeles -and Salt Lake Rail
road, arrived !n this city to-day from
Montana. Senator Clark comes to Salt
Lake for the purpose of attending a meet
ing of the directors of the San Pedro road,
which will be peld here Monday. . .
During the day Senator Clark-jwas In
conference with Senator Kearns of Utah,
Hon. R. C. Kerens of St. Louis, J. Ross
Clark of Los Angeles and others identified
with the new road. ' •
In an Interview, this afternoon. Senator
Clark declared most emphatically that the
road connecting Los Angeles and Salt
Lake would be. built.. Everything relating
to financial affairs, he said, had been ac
cepted, contracts. had been let for a^great
deal of engineering work and considerable
equipment ordered.
D'efinite and financial plans will be de
cided on at Monday's meeting, after
which the work : of construction .will be
actively commenced and. pushed through
to completion. As to the Uvada contest
pending in the Federal court at Carson
City, the. Senator said he' hoped for a fa
vorable decision,- but should it be against
the San Pedro Company it , would not
make a particle of difference In the gen
eral plans. ..'. . ;
Proceeds With Plans for
. the Line From Salt
Lake.
CLARK IS BOUND
TO BUILD ROAD
Epeclal Dispatch to The CalL
CAX.Ii BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
\T., WASHINGTON. June 29.— Hawaii
will Join New Mexico and Arizona In seek
ing statehood next winter. Delegate Wil
cox from the new Island Territory says he
will Introduce a bill In the next session of
Congress to admit Hawaii to statehood.
He does not expect the bill to pass at
once, but wants to serve notice that Ha
waii is ambitious for full membership In
the Union and Is willing neither to re
main a Territory for all time nor become
part of California, as has been proposed.
#r We want to become a State," says
"WUcox, "and I shall Introduce my bill
next winter. The sooner we start work
the sooner will we meet with success.
"Some day Hawaii will be a State, and
It -will not be many years. What we. want
right now Is a cable between San Fran
cisco and Honolulu. I have a bill already
prepared, which I will Introduce when
Congess meets, to authorize the laying of
a cable between the island and Califor
nia. I do not care whether the cable Is
laid by a corporation or by the Govern
ment. /
"I am told there are numerous business
men who are eager for the necessary au
thority to lay a cable from San Francisco
to Honolulu, thence to the Philippines"; I
am satisfied the next Congress will enact
•fce necessary legislation. .
"Will Also Introduce a
Bill for a Cable Line
to Hawaii.
WILCOX WORKS
FOR STATEHOOD
Government's Method to
Promote Welfare of
Shipping.
_ ¦ «
•+ fr i« * HE United States Government,
3 once more recognizing the vast
a Importance cf the ¦ commerce of
a the Pacific Ocean, has planned to
¦ Jit. extend a benefit which will be
fully appreciated by all • whose
fortunes or lives are launched '. on the
great Western sea. The Hydrographic
OSlce of the United States Navy Depart
ment has charted ocean steamship lanes,
which are pictured so well upon the ac
companying map that a detailed descrip
tion of them is not necessary- As will be
observed at a glance, the lanes are in
great circles. They reach from San Fran
cisco and from the Puget Sound ports to
the Hawaiian Islands, to China* and
Japan, to Guam and to the Philippines.
They are interesting in themselves' and'
also because they suggest - other lanes
which will be charted in time. This is but
lands and ; immeasurable, areas, will. In
crease rapidly, in number.. The need for
definite routes or steamship lines now so
clearly "" discerned at Washington will
grow greater with time. An. auspicious
beginning has been made and progress i3
assured in the matter now under consid
eration:
Europe Is Concerned.
An effort will now be made to have Eu
ropean governments join with the United
States in. surveying a large portion of the
Pacific that is improperly charted, or not
at . all in parts. This 1 stretch cf water Is
an elongated triangle, the apex being at
Honolulu 'and the base extending from
Northern .Japan, to .the,, southern end .of
the Philippine archipelago. There Is no
doubt that this will meet with success, for
the lively interest taken by all European
nations in the Orient indicates that .they
have reasons for waning commerce to
move with safety, as they will be largely
concerned on' their own account. Statis
tics were published in 'me Call recently
shov.ing that the. importations into the
Philippines in a period of ten months
were much greater from the United King-
Special' Dispatch to '.The Call.
SALT. LAKE", June ! 29.— The Deseret
News to-day -s'ays:i From a semi-official
source conies the Intelligence ; that 'within
the next ¦ three \ ; years Salt Lake City will
become' the railway center of the inter
mountain region.' . 'As soon as 1 the \ Harri
man and , Gould i interests have . perfected
their plans,' so the r authority '^states, and
the same are In 'good -running order, the
Union Pacific, headquarters , will. be". trans
ferred to Salt Lake, so that the affairs of
the -Oregon' Short 1 Line, the . Oregon Rail
road "and Navigation Company, the South
ern Pacific arid the : parent .Union Pacific
system ' can' be "diitected from a ' central
point.'i '•_'.¦'•-' "'."/ "\' ' '' : ' "¦'¦ '¦ ¦¦ ' :"¦'•
This mofi"e, it Is stated, has been in con
templation: for some time by. the .Union
Pacific^offlcials.' ¦ "• '•¦'•'¦ t< ¦'¦'¦¦'¦ '. * • *
any suggestion or report received from
the, ; Comptroller. .. •
• The ¦Comptroller realizes in all prob
abiiity j there - has--, been- serious violation
of (.the, law. by; the bank officials and he
does -not propose to "shield, .them from
prosecution. Overcertiflcatiori, as; At. is
called 1 among bankers, Is 'said* to ;be com
mon not only In] New York but in/ Chicago
and other ' cities. ;: Some • "of the , New York
papers', admit this i and have 5 'suggested.
; that i the Comptroller give • notice >¦ he \ will
prosecute ' such 'violation -of- law, ; ¦ VI
]-i Dawes : will i not 'act on? the ; suggestion,'
Southern Pacific Among
; Lines to Be Operated"
•- From Salt Lake. '
lustration conveys an absolutely, accurate
idea in that regard. ¦ Obstructions which
appeared upon old charts and which were
supposed, to .seriously . menace navigation
have been proved non-existent. .There, is
nothing to prevent steaming along \e
shortest lines. . \." ¦ ''"¦;"
The opinion of . all public men now is
that .the .commerce of the Pacific Ocean
is destined ' to" become -even' more vast
than that of the Atlantic! Within a short
tlmc'.tl'.e enormous population-of. Russia,
wit!; the. completion. of the trans-Siber'an..'
.Railway, will be put in direct touch with |
the- Pacific Coast of "the United States,
and trade relations ' will be ' established
the future importance of which can hard
ly be estimated. The trade between the
United States and ;'ihe Oriental countries
of China and Japan. is confessedly .tn its
infancy, and indefinite and vast expan
sion is inevitable. ; The Philippines, the
countries of Central America and . Soutli
America will bring to the^ Golden Gate
wealth 'such as airthe argosies of ancient
times could not rival. -Ships of great car
rying capacity, and high speed, laden with
the wares and .products of 'Countless I
IMPORTANT MOVE
FOR RAILROADS
Friends of Officers Guilty
of Fraud Would Save .
Them.
For many years the fast . steamships'
plying on the Atlantic Ocean, or the reg
ular lines between New York, Boston and
other points of departure ' and ' the great"
seaports of England and Continental
Europe, have followed lanes, mapped "out
for them. In this period the utility of the
lanes has received practical demonstra
tion. Higher speed with' greater safety
has been ' assured. This means 'greater
comfort and better business condltions'for
passengers and also more favorable cir
cumstances for the promotion of trade.
The establishment of the steamship lanes
on the Pacific Ocean is not, therefore, in
the nature of an experiment In any de
gree. It is a boon.tho value of which 'is
at once apparent.- ¦
Safety Is Fromotsd.
The lanes will.' be thirty miles wide.
Steamers will be. less liable to total loss
after being partially disabled when it is
certain that other vessels pursuing; the
same route are likely soon to come within
view. The width of thirty miles has been
established after very, careful, considera-.
tion, and has received the approval of
the best maritime authorities. . The Gov-
STRIVE TO AID
CONVICTED MEN
the beginning. Certainly there will be a
lane to Vladivostok. These charted lanes
will facilitate the movement of commerce
very largely and so be of direct benefit to
the ports of the Pacific Coast and of es
pecial importance to the great port of San
Francisco. »
Fixes Bight of Hoad.
Glance at the map and the fact "will at
once appear that the steamship lanes are
primarily devised to establish the right
of the road, as it would be styled on land.
It will be observed that one lane goes
around the north end of Luzon and an
other around the south end. Steamships
are expected to take one route going and
another returning.^ Whether, as en land,
the rule will be to turn to the right or to
turn to the' left Is a detail to be arranged
which would seem to. be immaterial. Only
some rule will be established. Thereafter,
for mutual accommodation and safety, the
greyhounds of the ocean will course over
fixed routes, steaming, with certainty from
point to point, observing- the latitude and
longitude, and making passages with
much more uniformity than could be pos
sible under other conditions.
Experience Proves Utility
of Providing Fixed
Sea Routes.
ernment has • taken great cafe to secure^
all the information v available as a pre-J
llmlnary to . the 'selection of the routes, j
Commanders- of naval .veseto, ma3ter3 of
merchant ships and the officers of
on surveying duty to the number of sixty I
in all have been consulted, have observed
and. have given the.' Government / their
best knowledge,' gained -from experience.-
Safety and trade- conditions have alike
been - considered. ,• It . is new -the -opinion
of the Hydrographic Office that if these'
lanes are followed by steamships the
danger of navigation upon the Pacific
Ocean will be reduced to a minimum. .
, I*anes Are Direct.
The. lanes: on the map appear to be
drawn' as directly from point to point on
the great circles as possible, and the il-
TO PROSECUTE
THE OFFICERS
OF THE BANK
Comptroller of Currency
¦- Dawes -Will '.Do His X
Duty; /¦
Over Certification by Seventh
a Plain Violation^ ;
- of thV'L&w.. 1 '
Special Dispatch, to' The .Call.
CALL BUREAU,* 1406 G STREET, X.
W M ' < WASHINGTON-r*J.une
ler 1 Daves is -waiting, for the report of the
National Bank \ Examiner and' temporary
receiver in charge the- Seventh' Na-'
itlonal Eank.of New. York' before he takes
steps for the prosecution of bank* officials
who - have' Violated ' the law. V Dawes de
clines ' to discuss " the bank's affairs, but
.the'firni way inwhichhe'took hold of the
.qusetion and ' closed the bank when the
directors ; declined .. to follow his ..' advice
gives promise^ of pushing the .investiga
tion - "t and- : ..whatever .scandals
' there , may ,' tie 5 covered ' up ' In the institu
tion. Dawes says when' he has the report
. of ; . the^ Bank Examiner, it 'will be ) handed
i over'; to the r United States ; District 'Attor
'ney'C, in • Ne w;' 4 York. V3 The £ Department of
i Justice •' expresses ¦ readiness - to^ act ' upon
SEA ROUTES THAT HAVE BEEN F%JND SATISI^ USE.
OCEAN STEAMSHIP LANES CHARTED BY THE HYDROGRAPHIC
OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES NAVY DEPARTMENT, MAKING
SAILING OF THE PACIFIC SAFE. FOR FLEETS OF COMMERCE
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 30, 1901-^THIRTY- TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC-NO. 30.
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22 \
. . i
Thomas Takes a Bride.
The San Francisco CallTen-Year-Old Los Angeles Girl Ee-
ceives Probably Fatal
Bums.
LOS AXGELES, June 29.— Ora Mc-
Henry, a 10-year-old niece of A. C.
Bilecke, proprietor of the Hollenbeck Ho
tel, was so severely burned this evening
that the physician in attendance is doubt
ful of her recovery. Mrs. McHenry. Ora's
mother, has been staying at the Hollen
beck Hotel with her daughter. Ora was
left alone in her room for a few minutes
this evening and improved the oppor
tunity by attempting to curl her hair with
an iron heated over a small alcohol lamp.
How her clothing, which was composed of
a light, fluffy fabric, caught fire is not
known, but it is supposed that the child
must have tipped over the lamp, the flam
ing alcohol communicating to her dress.
The child's first thought was to rush out
and find help. There was no one in the
halls and she sped toward the - elevator,
her little body wrapped in flames. The
elevator cage was not on the third floor,
but little Ora did not lose her presence of
mind*, and she pressed the button to ring.
When the elevator boy opened the door
of the cage he was horrified to see the
little girl, wreathed in flames, tumble
into it. He used all possible speed to
descend with his burden and on the
ground floor a number of guests and em
ployes of the hotel strove to tear the
burning garments from the girl's body
with ail poss'ble haste. Ora was badly
burnwl about the hips and abdomen, but
her face was spared. The elevator boy's
hands were badly burned.
•
wanted in Dubuque.
SEATTLE, June 29.— A. T. Scott,
charged with the embezzlement of funds
while in the employ of the Great Western
Railway at Dubuque, Iowa., in 1S98. was
arrested In this city to-day at the instance
of the American Bonding and Trust Com
pany. Scott was apprehended here in 1S9S,
but escaped after invoking habeas cor
pus proceedings and has since been in
Alaska. The fugitive Is said to be the son
cf a wealthy Dubuaue merchant.
SAN JOSE ENTEBTAINS
THE ALABAMA EDITORS
Southrons Initiated Into the Myste
. ries of Packing and Canning
Fruit.
SAN JOSE, June 29.— The Alabama
Press Association was entertained for
five hours to-day by the Improvement
Club of this city, and was given the best
of the scenery, treatment and food that
the country afforded.
The special train arrived here at 9:45
a. m.. and the carriages were in waiting
to convey the Southerners on a drive
through the valley. Many of the citizens*
of the city accompanied them on the trip.
The itinerary led them to the little fruit
town of Campbell, six miles away. . Here
some of the large fruit houses were vis
ited and the guests were shown the mys
teries of packing and canning fruit.
Luncheon was In waiting, prepared by
the hosDitable citizens of the town, and
afterward the party made the return trip
by way of the old mission town of Santa
Clara, arriving at the train at 2 o'clock.
The Alabamans departed at once for Del
Monte, their next stopping place.
The committee having in charge their
entertainment here consisted of W. E.
Cropsman. A. Greeninger, J. H. Rucker,
J. L. Stull, Thomas A.' Graham, J. O.
Hayes, Charles Williams, Mayor Martin.
V. A. Scheller, O. A. Hale, H. G. Bond,
Philo Hersey, W. S. Clayton and Alfred
Holman.
The members of the Alabama Press As
sociation boarded their special train of
the Southern Pacific Railroad at 6:50 a. m.
yesterday and left for the southern part
of the State, bearing a delightful impres
sion of San Francisco. Every hour of
their sojourn in the city was enjoyed, and
the chief regret on leaving was that the
visit could not be prolonged.
The Fourth in Santa Clara.
SANTA CLARA, June 29.— The old mis
sion town is preparing to celebrate the
Fourth with a 'great demonstration. The
custom of flag raising will' be revived. A
liberty pole 122 feet In height has been
prepared. It will stand In the center of
the park on Main street. Company B,
Fifth Regiment, N. G. C. will participate
in the parade, as will numerous societies
and fraternal organizations from San
Jose. L. W. Bond, secretary of the Cured
Fruit Association, will be president of the
day. Supervisor John Roll will act as
grand marshal. The Bohemian Club has
the celebration in charge and committees
are actively at work decorating the town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, June 29.— This city has been
turned over to the Knights of the Macca
bees. Places of business are decorated
with. red. white and black festoons and
draperies, these being the colors of the
order. During, the day a number of Mac
cabees from surrounding towns arrived
and early evening boats brought scores
from across the straits. There' was a.
parade on the arrival of the San Fran
cisco and Oakland tents this evening.
The local tent turned out 100 strong, head
ed by the receiving ship Independence
baud, and acted as escort to the 000 visit
ors. There were fireworks along the line
cf march, and the parade was beautiful
end imposing. It disbanded at San Pablo
Hall, one of the largest and most elegant
lodge rooms outside of San Francisco.
Here the business and festivities of the
sight \rere held, the lodge work commenc
ing after all the boats had arrived. Inter
est centered in the ritualistic exemplifi
cation by the well trained Oakland/ degree
team of thirteen, which handled the init
iatory work. A class of fifty was put
through, increasing Vailejo Tent's mem
bership to 210.
After the lodge work tables were laid
In the main hall to seat the great throng,
and speeches, songs, music by the orches
tra and the discussion of choice viands
began. Owing to the inability of the local
committee to engage lodging for so many
visitors it was decided to continue the
f estivities until 6 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing. Plenty of entertainment to shorten
the hours had been devised by the Vailejo
Maccabees, so that the night might not
hang heavily upon the visitors.
At 11 Sunday morning all of the Knights
—those of Valleio cud the hundreds of
visitors, will assemble and march to the
steamer General Frisbie's dock to meet
Golden West Tent of San Francisco,
"Which has chartered the boat for the ex
cursion. More than 800 Maccabees and
their wives will be on board and they will
be escorted to San Pablo Hall to refresh
themselves, after which committees will
escort all the visitors about the city and
Mare Island. Deputy Supreme Com
mander Frank B. Tlchenor will be given
a farewell reception in the afternoon, be
fore leaving for San Francisco. This
function will be an elaborate affair,
and William P. Mllner, presiding officer of
Vailejo Tent, will officiate as master of
ceremonies. :
Festivities in San Pablo Hall
Continue Until Sun
rise.
Vailejo Entertains Hun
dreds of Knig-hts and
Their Ladies.
MACCABEES MAKE
A NIGHT OF IT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 29.— In the case of Mrs.
Lorinda A.. Haskell against ex-Assembly
man J. K. Burnett to secure the release
of a mortgage which the plaintiff claims
was given without consideration, Henry
French, who appears in the case as the
promoter and agent, and who seemed, ac
cording to the evidence of the prosecu
tion, to be placed in a questionable light
in the transaction, was placeG on the
stand this morning and given an oppor
tunity to explain his position.
So far as his evidence i3 concerned on
the point in question — the accusation that
he compounded a felony— he simply denied
the entire allegation made by Terrill on
the stand. He explained the transac
tion as one common to attorneys, and
said it was a frequent practice for an
attorney to use the name of some person
near at hand as trustee for a person at a
distance whose signature was difficult to
obtain. He denied emphatically that he
agreed with Terrill to procure from Cline
the bogus papers held by Cline as security
for the claim against Terrill, or that he
agreed to prevent the Grand Jury from
bringing in an indictment in consequence
of the giving of the note and mortgage.
He concedes that he paid Cline the money
due him In the transaction, that Cline did
not take the money away, but left it in
his "burglar proof safe," and that Cline
did surrender ttf Terrill the incriminating
papers soon after the npte and mortgage
had been given. **
Court adjourned at noon, continuing the
hearing until Monday afternoon, when
the prosecution will be given an opportu
nity of cross-examining ¦ Mr. French.
The testimony of Burnett does not agree
with that of French as to the strong
friendship of the two. Each now claims
that the other is a prevaricator, and after
court adjourned at noon to-day hot words
passed between them in the corridors. It
was only by the interposition of friends
that a rough and tumble fight was pre
vented.
to Blows.
He and Ex - Assemblyman
Burnett Almost Come
Attempts to Explain His
Action in the Has
¦ ¦
kell Case.
LAWYER FRENCH
DENIES CHARGES
Calumet Quartz : Mill ' Burned.
KESWICK, ,, June • 29.— The ; Calumet
quartz, mill,, one rmile : south: of V Keswlck,'
was destroyed by fire last night. The mill
contained $10,000 worth of machinery.^- Six
or eight small dwellings .were ' consumed;
Originally -the • property cost; $50,000/ but
the- mill' has stood Idle' for the past six
years. ;It belonged -to -WV;H.' Gariickof
San Francisco. - 1 The ¦ blaze ; started- from
the embers of a' campflre left by, campers.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Pensions Are Issued and the War De-
partment Makes Changes Among
California Officers.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— The following
pensions were issued to-day: California —
Original — Jacob R.; Boas,. Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $C; David W. Alsorson, Los
Angeles, $10; Mathew Schlaudecker, San
Francisco, $12. Additional— Robert M.
MacKInlay, San Diego, $12. Increase —
Richard Murphy, San Francisco, $12; C.
W, Millspaugh, San Francisco,' $8. Origi
nal widows, etc. — Ellen Fraser, San Fran
cisco, $8; Emma R. Swett, Berkeley, $8;
minor of George C. Hamblin, Geyserville,
$10. War with Spain, original— Frank E.
Sherman, Los Angeles, $8; John J. Tomp
kins, Soldiers' Home, $17; Michael Rear
don, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon — Original — John McCullough,
Portland, $6.
Washington — Original — George ! Koenlg,
Seattle, $6; Thomas Petty, O'Brien, $8;
William Smith, Spokane, $6; Artimus
Boyce, Monahan, $6. Restoration and in
crease— Elkanah Daily (dead), Spokane,
$10. Increase — Norris M. Willey, Wallace,
$8. Original widows, etc.— Charlotte A.
Dalley, Spokane, $8. Special act. June 18—
Lizzie K. Provo, Ilwaco, $8; Euph'ania A.
Young. Hoqulam, $8. ¦
By. direction of the Acting Secretary of
War, Private Willis E.Cantrill,. Troop L-,
Third Cavalry, . Alcatraz Island, Califor
nia,, will be discharged from the army, by
way' of favor, by the commanding officer
of that post. - He is not entitled to travel
pay. « - ,
By -direction of the Secretary of War.
Captain William C. Brown, First United
States- Cavalry, San Francisco,- will pro
ceed to Join his troop at Fort Washakle,
Wyoming...
By. direction of the Secretary, of War,
Major William H. Baldwin, commissary
United States army, in addition •' to hla
present* duties, will report to the com-'
manding general, Department of Califor
nia, for duty as chief commissary of that
department to relieve Major - Oliver E.
Wood, artillery corps, of tuat duty.
By direction of the Secretary of War,
Captain Arthur. E. Edwards, commissary
United States army, in" addition ' to his
present duties, will report to the com
manding general of the Department of
California for assignment to duty, as com
missary for the camps at the Presidio for
the provisional battalions of recruits and
for the camss established there for the
returning volunteers, to. -relieve Major
Carroll Mercer, - commissary': of,, subsist
ence, United States Volunteers, of that
duty. • , ¦-¦ ¦ -¦;¦¦ ",'-* ¦ ,\ :.'.¦ ¦
By direction of the Secretary of War,
Brigadier General i William ; Ludlow,
United States .' army, ' San . Francisco,-, will
repair to this -city and report to the ad
jutant general of the army for .instruc
tions. ¦ ¦' -• , .¦¦...-:-• ;;,•„/ ¦,''.-.:¦ -;. .;;¦.*¦•;¦
The following fourth class Postmasters
were appointed to-day:' California — Ingle
wood, . Los Angeles County.' ' J." P. - Pren
tice, vice R.' D.. Lawrence (dead); Laurel
Dell, Lake County, Edgar Durman, vice
D. E. White, reslgmed.
Case of Plague Develops
on the Kintuck at
Nagasaki. .
PORT TOWNSEND, June 29.— The Unit
ed States transport Kintuck arrived to
day from Nagasaki with 200 soldiers on
board, and is held In the stream pending
a decision of Surgeon General Wyman
whether she will be sent to Diamond
Point quarantine station. While at Naga
saki a case of bubonic plague developed
on the Kintuck and the victim was tak
en ashore, where he died. The vessel was
fumigated and detained ten days in quar
antine at Nagasaki and then allowed to
proceed on her voyage to this city. :
No new cases developed during the voy
age, but before allowing her to enter Dr.
M. H. Foster, United States quarantine
officer, deemed it best to • communicate
with :the authorities in Washington.
Pending a reply the vessel-ls,anchored.in
the stream with a yellow flag flvlng and
communication with- her is forbidden.
TRANSPORT GOES
INTO QUARANTINE
corder Murray's court this afternoon gave
a verdict of $100 in favor of Thomas Pea
cock against M. Blaskowef, the Ban-Fran
cisco tobacconist.
The Blaskower home is in this city.
Last August Peacock, who is the local ice
man, ran afoul of a pet dog In Blaskow
er'a back yard while he was depositing ice
in the Chest. The dog is. said to have
made a meal off Peacock's calf, hence the
suit. The defense claimed that the dog
only acted in self-defense: that he was
peacefully sleeping when Peacock's Tril
by came into contact with his tail.
The pase was hotly contested and will
be carried to the higher court.
'
Short Line Case Submitted.
CARSON, Nev., June 29.—Argument was
concluded to-day In the suit of the Oregon
Short Line against the Salt Lake and San
Pedro Road for a continuance of the writ
of injunction preventing the latter comr
pany occupying the old Short Line grade
across Lincoln County. Judge Hawley
took the case under advisement.
Ten Years for Lulu Kennec>/.
. KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 29.-Lulu
Prince Kennedy was sentenced by Judge
Woffprd to-day to serve ten years in the
State penitentiary for the murder of her
husband, Philip H. Kennedy,-in the cor
ridor of the Ridge building in May last.
She heard the sentence without the slight
est display of emotion.
Enormous Crop of Beets.
, SUISUN, June 29.—The California and
Hawaiian Beet Sugar Company, which
has leased thousands of acres of land in
Solano County for raising sugar beets, re
ports that the crop will be enormous this
year. This success means the permanent
establishment of the sugar beet Industry
in Solano County.
Sal-s of Stockton Bonds.
STOCKTON, June 29.—Bonds amounting
to $150,000, recently voted for the erection
and equipment of a new High School
building in Stockton, were sold to-day to
Rollins & Co. of Boston, who paid a pre
mium of $4635. The bonds draw 5 per cent
and run twenty years. •
San Rafael Jury Returns a $100 Ver
dict Against Tobacconist
Blaskower.
SAN RAFAEL, June 29.— A jUry ill Re-
ICEMAN GETS DAMAGES
FOB THE BITE OF A DOG
Mrs. Dwyer Sinks Prom
-Her Husband's Arms
- ¦ '¦¦'• to Death.
QUICKSANDS ROB
HIM OF A WIFE
Mrs. Dwyer was prominent in local so
ciety circles, especially among the young
er set. Of late she and her husband had
been residing: In San Francisco. Her
brother, John C. Ing, is president of the
Board of Trustees of Sacramento. Sho
was about 27 years of age and a native of
Sacramento. .
SACRAMENTO. June 29.— Particulars
reached this city to-night of the drown
ing near Grimes Landing, Colusa. County,
of Mrs. J. J. Dwyer last night. Mrs. Dwyer
had accomnanled her husband,: John J.
Dwyer; his brother, William Dwyer, and
Berj friend. Miss' Edna Carroll of
city, on a pleasure trip up the Sacramento
River on one of the steamers of the Sac
ramento Transportation Company, in
which the Dwyer estate has an interest.
The night had been very warm and when
the boat reached Grimes Landing it was
proposed that the party should go in
bathing in the river at a point near the
grain corral. The moon was shining
brightly and it was believed the sport
would be attended by no danger.
Miss Carroll was afraid to go far into
the water, but Mr. and Mrs. Dwyer and
William Dwyer went out quite a distance,
though not beyond their depth. The three
were wading to the shore, when suddenly
the sand beneath their feet shifted and
in an instant they were floundering in the
water. Mrs. Dwyer grasped William
Dwyer about the neck and. thus clinging
to him and screaming to be saved, went
down with him. Her husband swam to
their rescue and succeeded in disengaging
her grasp about the neck of her brother
in-law.
'; He was swimming with her toward the
shore and was rapidly nearing It, when
suddenly he experienced the sensation of
being struck and was obliged'' temporarily
to release his hold. Instantly, and before
he could recover -hla hold upon his wife,
Mrs. Dwyer sank for »the last time. The
screams of the others brought residents
of the locality to the river bank, but they
were too late -to render assistance, except
to William Dwyer, who was\brought back
to life only after three hours' hard work.
The body- of Mrs. Dwyer was recovered
within an hour after the drowning. It
was brought to this city to-night, accom
panied by the remaining members of the
party. -
f Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA,' Or., June 29.— The , United
States transport • Thyra. arrived to-day
from Manila. She brings eighty enlisted
men of Company B, Thirty-eighth Volun
teer Infantry; and a, number of officers.
The Thyra continued to Portland, where
she will be released from the Government
service. .,.-,. ;
Transport TJiyra Arrives.
AUBURN, .June 29.— George Sharon, a
brakeman on the Southern Pacific and a
resident of Rocklin, had his foot cut off
at the Auburn depot yesterday. Sharon
jumped upon the tender of an engine, lost
his footing and fell underneath. After the
accident he begged for some one to cut
his throat. He was taken to the railroad
hospital in Sacramento.
Brakeman Loses a Foot.
ANGELS CAMP. June 29.— Miss
Clara Marchal has been elected
Goddess of Liberty 'for the
Fourth of July by a vote of 3968,
aginst 30G0 for Miss Alice Walsh,
the second highest. Nine thousand /Ales
«•% .»..t..t..t..t..t..t..»..» .?- » » t » » .t..t_t..t..»..t..»..« .»..?
were cast for the several candidates.
Miss Marshal is a native of this county
and has many friends here, as indicated
by the vote. She is a tall blonde and will
make an ideal Goddess of Liberty. , Her
many friends celebrated the victory en
thusiastically.
YOUNG LADY WHO IN AN EXCITING CONTEST WON THE HONOR OF
PRESIDING AS GODDESS OF LIBERTY IN ANGELS CAMP ON THE
FOURTH OF JULY.
' • i •¦ ¦ •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"SANTA CRUZ," June 29.— All kinds "'of
sport has been experienced . by the old
veterans to-day at Camp Wallace Rey
nolds. The assembly tent was the scene
of a court-martial this afternoon, which
lasted from 3 to 6 o'clock. The .large plat
form was the bar of the court. Those
on trial were Mrs. D.' P. Shuler of Loa
Gatos, H. 8. Irwln of Los Oatofl and Mrs.'
Eliza Brown of Santa Cruz. The charge
against them was the displaying of the
American flag upside down, wh^ph is a
signal i of distress. The defendants sat
between the guards. Mrs. Mertercla Brown
of Salinas, Rhoda Hduch of San Jose, Fl
lena Robblns of Santa Cru*. Nellie Leek
of.Capitola and Mafy Nasby of San Fran
cisco. Bach guard wore an American flag
and carried In her. hand ft. broom. D. P.
Shuler was the dignified judge advocate,
T. J. Stone of San Jose appeared for tha
plaintiff, and the defendants were repre
sented by Mra. Shepafd of San Francisco,
Mrs. A. Frisbie of Evergreen and Mr.
Mahoney of San Jose.
Witnesses for the defense testified that
they saw the ladies raise the flag prop
erly; also that at the time when thd
charge was preferred against them thejr
were seen on the streets of Santa Crlia.
Other witnesses testified trj the good char
acter of the defendants and to the con
trary in regard to those who preferred
the charges.
I The arguments were short and th«
court-martial will render a sealed ver
dict, to be read to-morrow afternoon at
dress parade.
To-night every one went to the beach,
where a moonlight stroll and picnic were
in. order. Commander Bryant was again
piven command of the camp to-night.
The officer of the ddy was George Kellum
of Los Gatbs: the guards. D. B. Pond
of HTjllister, F. D. Noble of Pacific Grove,
N. Lee of San Jose and H. W. Hanson of
San Jose.
Mrs. J. Pafolini ana Mrs. Lrfiiira Robin
son of San Francisco, who are residents
of Camp Wallace Reynolds, were out
driving last evening with Mrs. Hannah
Fllker and had a miraculous escape from
death. Th«y were driving uo Mission Hilj
when the horse became frightened at and
collided with an electric car. The ladies
were thrown to the pavement, but es
caped with filiKht bruises
Witnesses Give the Com
, plainants . an Unenviable
' Character.
Mock v Trial Arouses the
Hilarity of the Vet- 1
erans.
CAMP CULPRITS
FACE ACCUSERS
Miss Glara Marchal Will Rule in Angels Camp
on the Glorious Fourth.
MOUNTAIN TOWN BALLOTS
FOR GODDESS OF LIBERTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^ SUNDAY, J TONE 30, 1901.
UTPSETS ALCOHOL LAMP
WHILE CURLING HER HAIR
14
"Feel Better Than for Five Years."
Mr. James B. Taylor. Roberts. Ind..
writes:
"I am at the present time entirely well.
I can eat anything I ever could. I took
five bottles of Peruna, and feel better now
than I have for five years. I have doc-
tored with other doctors off and on for
fifteen years, so I can recommend your
medicine very highly for. stomach
troubles. I take great pleasure in, thank-
ing you for your free advice and Peruna."
— James B. Taylor.
"I Enjoy My- Meals as I Used To."
Mr. J. "W. Pritchard, "Wolf Lake. Ind..
writes :
"I am pleased to say that I have been
cured of catarrh of the stomach by Pe-
runa. I could hardly eat anything that
agreed with me. Before I would sret half
through my meal my stomach would fill
with gas, causing me much distress and
unpleasant feelings for an hour or two
after each meal. But, thanks to your Pe-
runa, I am now completely cured, and can
eat anything I want to without any of
the distressing symptoms. I can now en-
joy my meals as loused to do, and it is,
all due to Dr. Hartman and his wonder-
ful medicine, Peruna.
"It has been one year since I was cured,
and I am all O. K. yet. so I know I am
cured."— J. W. Pritchard.
Dyspepsia is a very common phase of
summer catarrh. A remedy that ¦will cure
catarrh of one location will -cure It any-
where. Peruna cures catarrh wherever
located. That it is a prompt and perma-
nent cure for catarrh of the stomach the
above letters testify.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman, givinir a
full statement of your case and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable advlc*
gTatis.
Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
Prof. L. J. Miller, late Professor of
Chemistry and Botany of the High School
of Tpsilftritl. Mich., writes from 3327 N.
Clark street, Chicago, 111., as follfiws:
"As several of my friends have spoken
to me of the . favorable results obtained
through the use of Peruna. especially In
cases of catafrh, 1 examined it most
thoroughly to learn its contents.
"I found it composed of extracts of
herbs and barks of- most valuable medi-
cinal . qualities, combined with other in-
gredients, delicately balanced, calculated
to tone up the system, restore the func-
tions and procure health.
"I consider Peruna one of the most skill-
fully and scientifically prepared medi-
cines, which the public can use with safe-
ty. and success." — Prof. L. J. Miller.
"Builds Up the System."
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
General Debility
Is loss of physical and mental strength
and endurance, commonly attended by
loss of appetite, that tired feeling, and
general lassitude.
It .is positively dangerous to neglect
it, since it involves and imperils the
whole system.
•; It is a' condition that gives the ad-
vantage to. every disease that threat-
ens or attacks.
"I was run down In health, could not
sleep, and did not, fee! like working. -I
took three bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla
and felt a change for the better before I
had finished the first bottle. It is the
best tonic . I have ever tried. "Whenever
I have that tired feeling again I shall re-
sort to Hood's Sarsaparilla?' Mrs. MARY
EVERHART, Shanesville, Ohio.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Cures general debility and all low or
run-down conditions of the system.
PANAMA R. R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PJSNAM1 DIREST.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40.
Ftom Sea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 230 Market st.
S, S". L-e'unnw «sil<< MonJiy. duly IS
S. S. Artfyll sails Monday, Ahj*. 12
£. S. Lee'araw «»»iU .MoTlmv. AuJ. SG
K. P. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
S3. ZEALAXDIA (Honolulu only)
V>'f^\nes6ny. July 3. 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
New Zealand an<1 Australia
Thursday. July 11. 10 a . m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
Tuesday. August «. 10 a. m.
1. D.SPHECXELS k BS3S. S3 . Esnerai Agents. 327 Hartsi St
San'l Pssssager Q!Scs, 643 Hirkst St., Pi-r lo. 7. PaciSs St
occffl»e&s.co.^ga5*
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
CTEAMER9 VTllX, LEAVE WHARF, COR-
VJ ' ner First and Brannan streets at 1 n. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG calling «t
Kobe (Hicgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers, for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTT... •Wednesday, July 17 1901
_•"•• ••• Wednesday, September 4. isot
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fop
freight and passage, apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Only StaamalUp Lino to
O/f?..£ /V. CO,
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portlaa 1 in «f
points East. Throu&h ft;ketH ?» nil
point*, nil rail or steamshin mid rail.a:
LOWEST XVA-THS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tai MSAIA
SS. COLUMBIA ...„....•.',....
Sails July 2. 12, 23, August 1, 11. 21* 31
SS. GEO. W. ELDER....?....... ........7
...........Sails July 7, 17, 27, August 6. 1« 28
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt, 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
Pacific Coast Steamshin Co.
\ , Steamers leave Broadway.
Wk^ Wharf. San Francisco:
TOjlS^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
|e$ggK June 30. July 5. Change to
i IS^fcS^FlS company's steam?!-? at Seattle.
iSk PffiftiW For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
RF^**^JHft1 c ->- Pcrt Townsend. Seattle.
BKg^rt*C?«93 Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortes
f^"^gBfl8n and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. June 30, July 5, and
. • every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this companVg steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma for N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bar— 1:30 p. m..
July 1. 6. 11. 15. 20. 25, 30. August 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. ;
Steamer Corona, "Wednesdays, 9 a.m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East . San P?dro,
•Newport (•Coos'Bay only)— Steamer C<v>s Bay,
Saturdays, 9 a. m. : Steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays,
9 a. m. • ¦
For Knsenada. Maftdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altsta. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guayraas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders. - • :
The company reserves the right to Chans:*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.- . •
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A*ent*
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN /TRAVEL
t^if^^^ MEN and
IgJpflBp WOMEN
*V^^^4^^av^T can obtain renewed
/ ~T iVmti^mEZBl V » strength and vigor
' JwrSSrWCiX^kS. by tne usa °' "Dr.
/^TjrjTrjXV^V' Pierce' a (latest lm-
.^" " ' " " * . irio. SEXiT and
• , I appliances. Drugs
do not. cure;' Electricity Is the remedy!
Buy no Belt until you see "Dr. Pierce' a,"
for it la the BEST and the lowest in price.
', E7"Call at . office or send a 2-cent stamp
for new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 206 Post et. San Fran-
cisco. -New York office— 1145 Broadway.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO V
9:45 , a^ m., ¦ 8:15 and ¦ 8:30 p. m., except . Bun-
day. ¦ Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. ¦; Leaves
Vailejo i 7 a. m . , 12 : 30 noon. 6 p. m., '- exoepx
Sunday.- Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* SO
cents. Telephone Main 1501. Landing and ¦ of •
flee, pier 2, i Mlisloa-it. dock. . HATCH BftOfl. 1
C0MPAGNIB eENEEALB TBAN3ATLANTI3U3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. jjmj^
Sailing even- Thursday, instead of <«ff?jni
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier -42, ¦»**«**?**
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
pagne. July 4; La Gascogne. July 11: * La Nor-
mal »'.lc. July 18; La Bretasne. July 23.
First class to Havre. $75 and upward. Secorot
class to Havre. J45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). ¦ Xew
York. • J. T. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco,
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket A sent*.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. - ¦ vw
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TOIlt SOUTHAMPTON. LOS'DOK. PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Bt. Louis... _.... July M< Philadelphia .August 21
St. Paul; August 7 St. Paul August 28
8t Louis August 14! St. Louis.. September 4
RED . STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Prom New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
•Zeeland ...... . . July lu Southwark July 31
Friesland ......;July 17 'Vaderland ..August 7
• Pennland July U Kensington ..August 1*
.' \ *8top at Cherbourg, ¦ eaatbound. :
,, • INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
'- r • •' •¦ CHARD. TATLOR.'
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery it
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOR ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Certtrsl
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3. 12 m.
TUCAPEL July 6IACONCAGUA ..July 23
AREQUJPA, July 10IPERU August 1
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31fi California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agtnts.
-.: ADVERTISEMENTS.
Reveals That "Peruna Is Calculated to Tone Up
the System, Restore the Functions
and Procure Health."
\ SO SAYS PROF. lYj. MILLER, CHEMIST.
Hon. Joseph H. Ridgeway, secretary of
the American Anti-Treat Society, writes
the following letter from the Grand Cen-
tral Hotel. St. Paul, Minn.:
"It is with great pleasure that I en-
t»«»«»»«o«>»««t d° rs e Peruna as
1 s-clILi— f an h° ne3 t rnedl-
1 j^^^^^i^ ? cine, competent
J@si£»8£fei& I to do all it
, JiF^ >B « claims. I have
, g| I* used 14 several
1 ' S&t /""** «* am «v9 1 • times and know
1 /Ry J®? «f^r\. 1 of n °thinff that
1 ve 1 b)r ? cures s< > com-
1 » >i /aJgv. cy i pletely, and at
' v- Jf^Zj^u^yf H the same time
!' 1 Guilds up the
jfl^^^'^A x > "^ have rec-
¦ jd£L l\ / «S\ ' om mended it to
, «£§§Si^\ \ / Utei^ a number of my
i&til^V- VV^^^" ! blends and al-
;S ffg*g»JL ft ' . J .?*%S ways feel that I
" do tne m a ser-
• t2r<<r ? vice, for I know
I Joseph Ridgeway. ' ho^ satisfac-
' . . " torv trip results
• ¦¦¦•¦¦¦¦ ¦¦•••• Invariably are. I
only wish every family had a bottle— It
: would save much sickness and doctor
bills."— Joseph H. Ridgeway.
BEST FOR THE
BOWELS
If you haren't a retrular, healthy movement of the
bowela every day, you're ill or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and be well. Force, in the Ehapo of vio-
lent phytlo or pill poison, Is dangerous. The smooth-
est, easiest, most perfect way of keeping the bowels
clear and clean is to take -,"."¦:•'. u
EAT^EM LIKE CANDY
: Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Oood, Do Good,
Never Sicken, Weaken, or Gripe, 10, 25, and 63 cents
per -box. Write for free sample, and booklet on
health. Address . . ¦: v <¦-,,-:¦ . . . . . • 133 r
bTEKLISO , REXEDT COXPAJCT, I CHICAGO »r ' HEW TOBK. .
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
J^ for Drvigfs, Medicines %
in!; How often have you paid too much for your drugs %
Jfj' medicines* prescriptions, etc.? . ! «Ja
j/jjji You cheat yourself when you pay more than we charge, f I
U CUt C CC °^. CVCI 7 t^°g we sell, but never the quality. ) \ '
ta| These prices for this week, until Saturday night, July 6th : ll
3 Bay Rum, 8 oz bottle 15c ChurchM Ps Freckle Lotion 50c
!v Regular ajc iize. Remove* freckle* — our usual price 75c j
[ft non 15c Flaxseed, Mb pktfe 'jr'
M Erery *Jc mirror In the etore. Thii ipecUllr low price is for either \ "
)r» Ladles Pocket Book 50c ground or whole flaxseed. ll
iW> Your chelce of any 75c book in store. . American Gold Whiskey 70c '] I
1a a Jap fyse Soap, 4 cakes 25c Selu eTer y where for *»• / w!
l|j\ Regnlxr price of thi» soap xoc each. JflVA Face Powder _ 25c Mil
ra.) Pabst Malt Extract . 20c A ri f *" P° wder of .merit — regular WjJ
wV AoVertited everywhere for 45c a bot. »• • p*. . > .fill
iV\ ; £peci«i price by dor. twi week $1.15. ] rrcncn Shaving Cream, 25c ill)
\\K Tooth Powder 15C 2 for 25c '^~ \ GeUe Frere »— * 'having cream of jh'/l
W>L Raymond*, powder; regularly 25c for^oc."" 110 ' 1 " ~ * eUlDe ** t * X " Jj/7/
NwR. "^ II2S MarlUi St.. S»n Francisco ;• f/lf
W^° Bro » dw »>'«'>OtK.Si..O«hUnd 6W ' *FRESNO, June 29.'— Peter Worthy, fore-'
man at. the 1 Garner ranch, near Jameson,'
i while intoxicated to-night fell asleep on a
street ¦ railway track and was - run over
Land killed. ' .
Sleeps on Railway Track.
Receivers for a Mill Company.
MANSFIELD, Ohio, June 29.— Receivers
have . been appointed ' for the Shelby Mill
Company of Shelby, Ohio! It Is capital
ized at $125,000, and- the liabilities are
$271,<XK>. . - >
STOCKTON, June 29.— Between 75 and
100 union journeymen f , plumbers ?. walked
out . of the local < hardware : arid • plumbing
shops this evening. at 6 o'clock. The mas
ter 'plumbers -insist^ that their , employes
supply certain f hand tools,', commencing
next Monday. This . is the first strike of
organized ¦ labor In . this city * and. 1 other
unions > may follow," suit,' as - the ; relations
between- the clerks and merchants and the
warehouse owners -and : stevedores are
strained. The clerks refuse to allow the
merchants ' to • open^: their stores on - Sun
days or holidays, but the owners say they
will , do business on the • Fourth of July,
and. trouble may follow. .
¦ .-:¦,' ".>-.•:¦' -¦.¦- — ¦ — • • -
Stockton Plumbers ; Strike.
LONDON, June 29.— The report of the
select committee of ¦ the House of Lords
appointed to consider the accession decla
ration of the sovereign in regard to tran
substantiation finds that the language can
be advantageously .modified without di
minishing its efficacy as security for the
maintenance of the Protestant succession.
The form' of declaration suggested by -the
committee does not contain- phrases rela
tive to idolatry, etc., which are so objec
tionable to Roman Catholics.
King's Oath, to ;Ba Modified.
SAN JOSE, June 29.— The directors of
the Cured Fruit Association, by a unani
mous vote, to-day elected F. N. Woods
president, vice H. G. Bond, resigned.
Louis "F. Bond, chief accountant, was
chosen treasurer, , vice F. N. Woods, and
Judge H. G. Bond was made a member of
the executive . committee in place of Mr.
Woods. The new president has a large
orchard In this valley, but . maintains a
home in San Francisco. He was formerly
a member of the firm of Whittier, Fuller
&Co.
WOODS SUCCEEDS BOND
IN THE PRESIDENCY
Directors of the Cured Fruit Associa
tion Elect the San
• . Franciscan.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 29.— The
Bourse Gazette repeats the rumor that
Councillor Paul Leesar of the Russian
Embassy in London will succeed M. de
Giers as Russian Minister at Berlin.
Will Succeed De Giers.
as a result of the Pocahontas flood is
thirty-one. Five other persons are miss
ing, making the total list of drowned
thirty-six. The work of relief goes stead
ily on. Several cars of ice have been for
warded into the coal fields during the past
two days to furnish a supply of water for
drinking purposes to the residents of the
flooded district. All the streams are pol
luted with garbage and dead animals.
The work of temporary repair is progress
ing rapidly, several more of the coal oper
ators having resumed work to-day. It is
estimated that the loading throughout the
coal fields to-day will reach close to half
of Its normal output. The railroad com
pany to-day succeeded In getting through
ttro of its passenger trains from the west.
Coal Mine Operators Resume Work
and Families Are Being Re
lieved Rapidly.
BLUEFIELD. W. Va., June 29.— The
total number of dead bodies found to date
MORE BODIES FOUND
IN FLOODED DISTRICTS
A number of Cuban and American friends
of the old eo-ldier had gathered at the
Pennsj-1 van la's Twenty-third-street ferry
to greet the general and they cheered him
heartily when he appeared. He smiled and
rpoke to a number of men and women.
He looked very well.
The party was met by T. Estrada
Palma. formerly of the Cuban junta and
representative of the Cuban revolution
ary party, who took them to the Waldorf-
Astoria Hot^i. General Gomez refused to
be Inttrviev.ed. He said he had nothing
to say and he refused to answer a ques
tion as to the cause of his visit to this
country. He said, however, that he would
have something to say Monday, but would
riot say what subject he would discuss.
Urban Gomez, the general's son. said his
father's visit was one of pleasure. He
intended to see his friends. How long he
¦would remain in the country the general
«5id not know, said the son. but the party
¦would remain some days In the city. He
said General Gomez would call on Presi
dent McKinley before leaving the United
States.
Cuban -General Arrives With. "His
Son and Befuses to Tell of TTig
Plans.
NT7TT TORK, June 29.— General Maximo
Gomez arrived in this city this morning
with fcis son. Urban, and Alexander Gon
zalcs, private secretary to General Wood.
CROWN CHEERS GOMEZ
AT A NEW YORK FERRY
Based on the press reports of the af
fair, the officials do not attach serious
importance to the incident itself, although
it is recognized that the matter might as
sume importance if the raising of the flag
was an assertion of British sovereignty
over that locality. In that event there is
no. doubt that the State Department
would take cognizance of the matter. But
as It stands the flag appears to be that of
the customs office, put up for convenience
in designating where customs may be
paid, and not the British emblem indi
cating any claim of sovereignty. * •
The modus Vivendi made on October 20,
1899, between Secretary Hay and the Brit
ish Charge d' Affairs here established, a
provisional line running some distance
north of Skaguay, on the summit of the
Chilkoot Pass and of the White Pass, the
main trails in that locality. Reference to
the official map indicates that Skaguay is
clearly' wHhin the American line, accord
ing to this modus Vivendi. If. a
customs "officer is ' at Skaguay he
is ' there -for the convenience of
locating imports before they reach the
wild region through which the actual pro
visional line runs. Under such circum
stances it is ' ;elt that forbearnce should
be shown on both sides. For the present
no official attention will be given the in
cident, as it is not before the department
in any form.
OTTAWA, June 29.— The Canadian Gov
ernment authorities have not heard full
particulars . of the flag incident at Skag
uay, but are Inclined to think -that its im
portance is exaggerated. The JJominion
has no customs collectors there. Iso cus
toms duties for this country are taken
there, but the Dominion maintains what
is known as a transit office , for :. the ex
amination of goods designed to pass
through the disputed "strip of territory to
the Yukon district beyond, the object be
ing to facilitate through shipments and
to prevent their being delayed at the in
ternational boundary, which laps half
way across the line of the White Pass
Railway. ,
The arrangement :1s one used by the
Canadian Government at Tacoma; Seattle,,
Chicago, Duluth, '.Portland -and .other
American points, and by the American
authorities inthe Dominion, s Usually the
officers are quartered at the railway sta
tions, ;where it would be absurd to have
flags flying. There ¦ is : a special . office - at
Skaguay., It was not known here whether
it flew a flag or not, ;but the impression
is that a flag is not necessary to the busi
ness the office has to transact.:
WASHINGTON, June 29.— The State De
partment has not received any represen
tation concerning the flag incident at
Skaguay, where much excitement is said
to have 1 been caused by the hauling down
of a British customs ensign raised at that
point. iiv.'\Y;£>>': :
Flag Incident at Skaguay
Will Require an Ex
planation.
AMERICA MAY
MAKE INQUIRY
Revenues of United Kingdom.
LONDON, June 29.— The revenue returns
for the United Kingdom for the quarter
ended June 20 show an Increase from all
sources of £3,481,105 and a net Increase of
£3,086,105 over the returns for the corre
sponding quarter of 1900. 'Of the increase
£2.440.000 is derived from the income tax
and £727,000 from the customs.
DENVER, June 29.— A miniature cyclone
•struck the roof over the betting ring at
Overland Park this afternoon, and lifting
it from its support crashed it down upon
the crowd below, injuring 'a- number of
people. It was thought at first that sev
eral had been killed and efforts were be
gun at once to clear away the wreckage.
It was scon learned tha£, though several
had been severely hurt, none were in a
dangerous condition.
It was the last day of the two -weeks'
racing meet and a large crowd was In at
tendance. No other portion of the grounds
was injured by the wind. The following
is the list of the Injured, all being resi
dents of Denver:
i W. H. Ehrick, scalp wound and internal
Injuries; D. W. Baker, manufacturer,
head and legs bruised; Fred Hansen, head
cut in several places; John A. Field, Dep
uty State Engineer, leg broken, wrist
sprained; Fred Miller, clerk, chest
crushed, head bruised; Henry Denman,
State Coal Mine Inspector, arm bruised;
Alfred Earthstone, jaw broken, back seri
ously injured; Fred Wareel, scalp wound;
Bert Holllngsworth, baker, bad Internal
Injuries; Francis Cabouhey, scalp- torn,
back Injured; C. M. Dwyer, druggist, leg
broken; Roy C. Cummings, internal in
juries; R. W. Speer, president Board of
Public Works, back and neck Injured;
Frank Adams, president Fire and Police
Board, deep cut on head; John T. Bottom,
Police Commissioner, leg bruised; Charles
S. Thomas, ex-Governor of Colorado,
shoulder bruised; William Connor, book
maker, wrist- sprained; Nelse Innes, well
known sporting writer, formerly of Bos
\ ton. Herald, head and shoulders bruised.
Cyclone Wrecks Build
ing at Denver Race
track.
TIMBERS CRASH
ON THE CROWD
SAN JOSE, June 7$.— For three days
San Jose will be turned over to
the Native Sons and Daughters for
the celebration of Admission day,
and the local parlors are arranging
to see that the thousands of visitors who
will come here be royally entertained. It
is proposed to make this the greatest
celebration of the kind ever held In Cali
fornia,
The, three parlors of this city— San Jose,
Palo Alto and Observatory— .have organ
ized a general committee, with Homer
Prindle as chairman and H. "W. McComas
as secretary, to take full charge of the
celebration. This committee is now
actively at work and has appointed
the following sub-committees:
Subscription— TV. E. Dent, J. I. Williams. G.
B. Cottle, TV. E. Geach. Charles Navlet and
W. - F. Lenzen.
Decoration— T. A. K. Fassett, ! W. F. Lenzen
and W. E. Dent. • ¦
Entertainment— J. S. Williams, Charles Nav
let and I. L. Koppel.
Music— G. B. Cottle, G. M. Kelley and Emile
Levy.
Halls and accommodations— I. L. . Koppel,
Emile Levy and C. H.'Amidon. . • .
Visitors at Camp Reverie have been
highly .favored this week. On Monday
morning Charles Ferguson addressed the
camp on "The Creed of the University,"
on Tuesday on "The Western Kind of
Man." After both lectures there was a
spirited argument between Mr. Ferguson
and Mr. London, with remarks from the
president, Edward B. Payne, and several
of the visitors, for at Camp Reverie each
person speaks his or her mind.
On Wednesday and Thursday mornings
Mr. H. C. Morrow, the popular writer,
spoke on "Success In Fiction," to the
great edification and delight of his audi
ence, some of whom are among his pupils.
There is also an evening entertainment
at the camp with a spirited programme,
which Is written on the bulletin board
each day. Thursday's bulletin read, "Mr.
H. C. Morrow will read a storv to the
guests assembled at the Camp"fire this
evening at 8 o'clock, after which 'The
Metephsycosis of the Whang-Doodlers'
will be presented by the Triumvirate.* "
The jolly times at Camp Reverie are call
ing in visitors from adjoining camps, who
come in to add their talent and presence
to the general merrymaking.
Mysterious rumors are floating- In the
air of an especially good time for the
Fourth of July, in which the children will
bear a part.
CAMPFIRE SCINTILLATIONS.
CAMP REVERIE, JUNE 28TH
port.
Many people in boats sailed around the
transport yesterday. Only government
officials are allowed on board. The Boers,
from bearded men of 70 to youths of 17,
eat around the forward deck, laughed
and lifted or waved their hats to the
7>asrers-by. Several of the prisoners In
quired eagerly for fruit, tobacco and gTog.
They say they have no cause to complain
of their treatment.
The sound to-day is alive with craft car
rying stores and workmen to the Islands
¦whore the camps are being prepared to
receive the Boer?.
Martial law has been proclaimed on
Darreils Island and vicinity. The prison
ers who ¦were to have been landed at ports
on the Island. An attempt at mutiny oc
curred during the voyage, but It was sup
pressed and the ringleaders were placed
in Irons.
•
LONDON. June 29.— Lord Kitchener in
«. Cispaxch from Pretoria to-day says:
"The Boers attacked two blockhouses
on the Delagoa line near Brugspruit
Bight on June 26. An armored train ar
rived and scattered the Boers, killing
four. It is reported that twenty of the
¦wounded were carried off. Field Cornet
<Je Priesz has surrendered at Pietersburg
with forty-four men."
HAMILTON. Bermuda, June 29.— The
British transport Armenian, which ar
rived vesterday, brought S30 Boer prison
ers. She anchored in the sound half a
mile west of Dan-ells Island. The grun
• boats Medway and Medina, as guardships,
are anchored on either side of the trans-
An Armored Train to the
Rescue of Two Block
houses.
BRITISH DRIVE
BACK THE BOERS
• Finance— TV. J. Boschken, W. E. Geach and
Edward Haley. . -
Parade— H. W. McComas. Edward Haley and
w . J. Boschken.
The celebration will extend over three
days, commencing on the 7th of Septem
ber. On the 9th there will be a parade,
¦which will be participated in by more
than fifty parlors of Central ¦ California.
The local parlors will make a novel and
firetty display. On one of the other days
here will be a banquet to the visitors
and on the remaining day a barbecue.
There will be baseball games, bicycle
races and other kinds of athletic sports.
Several of the outside parlors have al
ready - been looking around for suitable
headquarters in which to maintain open
house during the celebration. Four thou
sand dollars has already been subscribed
by the merchants for the entertainment
of the visiting parlors and It is expected
this sum will be materially increased.
The city will handsomely decorate the
streets and public buildings.
The following invitation to the Native
Sons and Daughters of the State, to
gether with their friends, has been sent
out ' from the headquarters of the cele
bration . committee :
To the Native Sons and Daughters of the
Golden West— Brothers and Sisters : ! Animated
by .a desire to bring together air of the sons
and daughters of the 'Golden' State in one
place where we can celebrate with mutual
feelings of patriotism the welding of Califor
nia Into the national chain, and animated aa
well also by the feeling 1 of deep love and re
spect for the members of our beloved order, I
bid you. In the name of the Native Sons and
Daughters of the Garden City, a Rlad wel
come to this favored Bpot, to celebrate the
next birthday of our native State. On the
Saturday preceding the 9th of September the
gates of our • city will be thrown open and
we Elncerely hope that every son. and daughter
of California, with their friends, will come and
unite with- us in the celebration of the- first
Admission day of the. new century. "We prom
ise you now that no effort will be spared to
show you on that occasion that you are thrice
welcome to our city, or to add to your pleasure
during your stay with us. Fraternally yours.
HOMER PRINDLE, '
Chairman of the Admission Day pelebratlon
Committee."
H. W. McCOMAS. Secretary.
SAN JOSE NATIVES WHO ARE
PLANNING FOR THE ADMISSION
DAY CELEBRATION.
The engineer quickly brought his train
to a full etop and word was sent from a
signal tower to Union station. A" yard
engine was sent into the tunnel and the
thinly filled passenger coaches were
drawn back to Union station without. the
occupants being aware of the danger
through which they had passed. The
houses on each side seem perilously close
to the brink and should any further cave
in occur they must be precipitated into
the cavity below.
A narrow escape from death or serious
injury was experienced by the passengers
and crew of an express train which was
caught by the falling debris in the tunnel.
The train was the regular north-bound
express, which leaves the Union station
at 1:08 o'clock in the morning, consisting
or three baggage and express cars and
three passenjrer coaches. As far as can
be learned, the avalanche of earth and
rocks caught the rear express car, which
was immediately In front of the passenger
cars. The train was not running rapidly
and the jar was not severe.
BALTIMORE, June 29.— The roof of the
Union Railroad tunnel in the eastern sec
tion of the city, used and controlled by
the Pennsylvania Railroad Company,
caved In shortly before .2 o'clock this
morning-. It is supposed that a defect in
the arch of the tunnel caused the acci
dent.. ' ' 'V "
TUNN EL ROOF
FALLS ON CARS
Crashes Upon a Slow
Train.
Avalanche of Earth and Rocks
Passengers Have a Nar
row Escape in
. Baltimore.
BERLIN. June 29.— The* Cologne Yolks |
Zeitung discusses lightly the question '
wbetlicr Germany will have a Ballin pro- j
gramme. Referring to Emperor William's
recent attentions to Kerr Ballln, director
of the Hamburg-American line, the paper j
.points out that there Is a growing belief !
that Chancellor von Bulow wants an !
Agrarian policv. while his Majesty pre- |
fers Ilerr Ballln's policy of greater friend- ;
liners' toward foreign trade. j
The Cologne Volks Zeitunsp instances |
the United States to show that Germany !
has the right to exact better conditions \
from foreign countries In the revision of !
the German tariff and complains of the
United States throwing increasing quan- '
titles of agricultural produce upon the
European markets, while "the' Yankees 1
don't think of giving us an equivalent."
The paper quotes recent United States
consular reports as showing the progress
American manufactured goods are mak
ing in Germany, concluding with saying
"it is really undesirable that things should
continue so."
Referring to the Chinese attempts to
secure the evacuation of Shanghai by the
foreign troops the Lokal Anzeiger says
the evacuation of Shanghai is not to be
thought of since the garrisons are abso
lutely necessary for the safety of the for
eicners there.
The well known Emil Clauson, who,
while experimenting with Roentgen rays,
burned his hands eo badly that the ampu
tation of a finger and then of the arm was
necessary, has died from paralysis of the
lungs.
Russian detectives have been sent to the
principal German universities, including
the University of Berlin, to watch for at
tempts to spread the nihilistic propa
ganda among the Russian students.
Madame Modjeska is visiting relatives
in the province of Posen. She is going to
Kissingen for a few weeks and will re
turn to the United States in August for a
Etarrincr tour.
The American colony here will celebrate
Independence day at the American
church.
peror Concerning
Foreign Trade.
— __#
Complaint Made Against In
creasing Products of the
United States.
DiiFers From the Em-
BULOW FAVORS
THE AGRARIANS
: • .' * —
Judge Little Makes Ruling
.Upon the Question of
v -Desertion.
• ' J — -_ ¦
HONOLULU. June 22— The Grand Jury
called to Investigate the charges of bri
bery in the Legislature has made its re
port to Circuit. Judge Gear. The jury re
ports that it has found no evidence that
there was any- bribery of members of the
Legislature. Over a hundred witnesses
were examined by the jury, and the re
port says that the jurors found "no war
rant" for the accusation that there had
been any cases of*, briber in connection
with the proceedings of the Legislature.
The report states that the testimony of
Governor Dole was to the effeci that his
Information on the subject of bribery was
second or third hand, and that at the
time when he informed the Legislature
that'he had information he could not ig
nore that bribery was taking place, he
had no legal evidence that such was the
case. The jurors in their report review
at. length the testimony given by various
witnesses and sum up their conclusions in
a statement that "the majority of wit
nesses testified that their information was
based upon newspaper reports or street
! rumors." '¦ •' ...
- The Grand Jury's report states further
that while the jurors find no warrant for
the charges of bribery, "testimony was
given that warranted the belief , that per
sons not members of the Legislature had
asked for a commission for furnishing
printing to the printing offices and for
discounts when they paid bills."
Judge Little of Hawaii has rendered a
decision declaring unconstitutional the
old Hawaiian law regarding desertions of
husbands and wives. Under the law in
question a husband or wife who was
guilty of desertion could be arrested and
subjected to criminal prosecution, and It
was the duty of district magistrates to
endeavor to effect reconciliations, or/ fail-
Ing so. to do, to inflict sentences upon the
deserters. The law has been regarded as
In ; conflict, with American statutes • for
some time, but has never reached a court
of record until the case in which Little
gave the decision was brought up.
The Sailors' Union fight against the
work of the shipping masters, Turk and
Lewis, continues'to make lively times on
the water front. Lewis was assaulted the
day before yesterday by a large crowd of
union sailors, and one Chrlstianson; a
runner for the union, was fined $50 for
the assault. Eight others were arrested,
but not convicted, iewis and Turk had
shipped a non-union crew for the ship
.Louisiana, and thus incurred the enmity
of the union. The union and non-union
men are at loggerheads and serious trou
ble is feared.
Prince David has sworn to .warrants for
the arrest of W. H. Cunningham -and J.
Morgan, two well-known local turf men,
on a charge of conspiracy, alleging that
they attempted to hire his jockey to drug
the horse "Weller in the race of June 14.
Weller Is one. of the Prince's horses and
was a strong favorite In the betting until
the evening before the race, when h,is
stock- fell under heavy betting against
him. The jockey informed the Prince that
the defendants had offered him a large
bribe to "dope" the' horse before the race.
The jockey declares that he took a pill
given him for the purpose, but did not ad
minister it. turning it over to the Prince.
Weller was an easy winner in the race.
The scandal has created quite a sensa
tion here, being the first of the kind In a
long series of .Kamchameha day races.
Charges Against Ha
waiian Legislature
Not Proven.
"NO BRIBERY,"
SAYS THE JURY
- ¦ s • _ ¦¦ r : ¦ ¦ ¦ • '¦ :
Three Garden City Parlors Already Making Prepa
rations for the Admission Day Celebration.
SAN JOSE NATIVE SONS
PLANNING A GREAT FETE
TELE iSAK FKANCISCO CALL/ SUNDAY, JUNE 30, 1901.
15
MEN'S WHITE' DRESS SHIRTS for 40c.
worth $1: Ladles' and Children's Hose 5c a
Pair, at Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH/1 '<<
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
..—OF THE
Aachen and
Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
r\T AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. Germany, on the
31st day of December, A. D. 1800, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornli pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
610 and 611 cf the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. •
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.... — .. $741,527 50
Cash ln Company's Office. 40 08
Cash in Banks 75,345 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.. 920 00
Premiums in due course of Collec-
tion •¦•• ....'. 95,700 47
Total Assets $913,533 71
. LIABILITIES.. r
Losses adjusted and # unpald $3,84S 03
Losses in process of Adjustment or
ln Suspense .... ".. . 45.540 83
Losses reslstad, including expenses.. 4,640 99
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $4S2,439 25;
- re-insurance 50 per cent 241,219 62
Gross premiums on.nre Risks run-
ning more than one year, $230,823 74;
re-insurance pro rata 126,536 82
All other liabilities 16,029 26
Total Liabilities '...:. $437,815 55
INCOME. '.A:.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ' $542,616 61
Received for interest and dividends
• ¦ on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 23,532 24
Received from all other sources...... 10,410 27
Total Income $576.579 12
¦ EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount ?Sid for Fire Losses
/(Including $51,375 29, .losses of pre-
i vious years)........... $356,S35 17
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .'... 106,872 87
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 69.S38 80
Paid: for State, National and Local
taxes - •- 18.662 87
AH other payments and expenditures 54.140 72
Total Expenditures $606.370 43
<'. :V- . • Fire.
Losses . Incurred during the year $356.929 09
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
• written ¦- during the
r year - $59,521,885 $768,359 55
Net amount, of Risks
expired - during the
year:'......:.: • 49,618,425 632,514 55
Net amount . .in force
-December 31.^1900 54.878.215 713.262 99
' SAM R. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy)/"
. . •¦ Manager.
¦ Subscribed and sworn to before me thl3 1st
day of January. 1901. ¦ F. FISHBECK.
Notary Public.
OF xjm.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THJJ
Hanover Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. in the State of New York,
the 31st day of December. A. D. 1900, and
for the year ending: on that day, as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by . the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip in
Cash .% ;;.«**¦ ..$1,000,000 00
1 . .. ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company $130,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,231,578 73
Cash in Company's Office 63.978 74
Cash in Banks 83.099 57
Interest due and accrued on all .
Stocks and Loans : — 13,672 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 14 53
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ..y 240.077 40
Rents due and accrued 1.443 33
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 8,940 83
" Total Assets .$3,108,305 70
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $132,867 S3
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 90,223 S3
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 19,847 20
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,227,925 62;
reinsurance 50 per cent 613,962 81
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,292,-
134 76; reinsurance pro rata 714,373 51
All other Liabilities »» 51,362 49
Total Liabilities $1,622,642 40
INCOME.
Net cash actually receipted for Fire
premiums .$1,7:0,537 2S
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 175 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans .\nd from
all other sources •». - 89,158 83
Received for profit on sale of seort-
ties » 27,803 54
23.1S9 40
Total Income .$1,862,923 p5
EXPENDITURES. •
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $199,867 78, losses of pre-
vious years) " $1,111,812 74
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission, or
Brokerage 345,859 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers', clerks, etc...." 117,839 23
Paid for State, National and Local
¦ taxes 88.207 33
All other payments and expenditures 158.213 76
Total Expenditures $1,931,034 23
Flr».
Losses incurred durine the year 11.173.023 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $228,988,190 $2,340,588 63
Net amount of Risks —
. expired during the
year ....'............... 192.083.905 2.042,358 60
Net amount In force < ¦ .
December 31. 1300 251,501.175 2.679.960 33
• - v \. CHAS. A. SHAW. President
JOS. McCORD, Secretary.
• Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January, 1901.
WM. BATES, Notary Public
STATEMENT
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE D AMI AX A BITTERS, THE
*^great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
ft I PI" nntf I I Corner Fourth and
¦ nil U I I V !\ I Maxk^. s F. Try
l.Urr til I I Ql our Special Brew.
valises checked free. ,
S STRICTLY RELIABLE.
MEN
ONLY!
OV'Y PARvJHE
*J> . greater nuinber of
patients seeking relief
tor so-called weakness
are strong, . robust men in
' every., other respect. Our
theory that Lo9s of Vital-
-, ity.. Prematureness, etc.,
are i not weaknesses,' but the symptoms of in-
flammatory - processes in the - Prostate : Gland
(so-called - neck ; of bladder) . caused . by con-
tracted, disorders and early dissipation, . is now
being adopted by the leading specialists of tho
world. Under • our local plan of treatment,
directed ¦ toward ¦ reducing • the enlarged and
swollen Prostate, immediate - results, as Indi-
cated by Increased . circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. . Our colored chart of.
the organs, .which we send free on application,
is interesting to any one wishing to study, the
anatomy of the! male. : » , - . ;'
I DR. TALCOIT &;tO., 997 Market St.
¦ .. ~ -, \ j ~ .. [ ¦• ¦ * _.. . .,
(1 ,?PAT E N Tgf - if
MARKET ST.Sf.^Sr -
¦..,...:-. - ..-.«¦ . ', ......
WASHINGTON. June. 29.— Paul F.
"Webb* of Kansas' and: F. B.v Newell;. of
Washington . have been- appointed Inspec-
tors of Rural- Free Delivanr. ¦-;¦;;¦; ;¦ •
The physical machinery of most people
often has a "spoke in the wheel." That #
is, they have some disorder which either
impedes their progress or creates nerve
friction in some portion of their delicate
mechanism.
Pile«> is a tedious and persistent disease
which wears out the patience of Its vic-
tims. It has several forms of torture.
. Sometimes it's a maddening itching sen-
sation. At other times it's a knot or ach-
ing tumors highly inflamed.
The only way to cure the disease per-
manently is to use a remedy that has the
power to permeate through the delicate
membranes and tissues and remove all
traces, of inflammation.
The Pyramid Pile Cure possesses this
power to nerfection. It Is formulated on
scientific principles by specialists who un-
derstand the nature of the disease thor-
oughly.
Thousands have been permanently cured
by it and the manufacturers have come to
look upon it as a "remedy that never
fails.",
You need not go through an incon-
venient course of dieting and supplement-
ary treatment while using- it. It is a com-
plete cure, requiring nothing on your part
but a strict observance of the printed di-
rections which go with each package.
It is manufactured by the Pyramid Drug
Co., at Marshall. Mich., and may be had
of all first class druggists.
Don't experiment if you are afflicted
with this troublesome disease. It may
lead to' serious complications If allowed to
continue. Get this remedy and check the
disease before it becomes chronic; don't
allow it to drain your best energies and
weaken your constitution.
"A Spoke in the Wheel"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J \vfl*t •wonderful power does this
woinaja possess, that she Is able to read
'without one error the pages of the past,
present and future?" is the question every
©na Is asking. Not an hour passes, not a
day goes by but what proof is established
of ISaiAR'S remarkable revelations.
Stolen property has been found, loved
oaes rescued, hidden mysteries revealed,
men and women united; mining men,
speculators, merchants ar.d professional
men have been helped by her aid and ad-
vie« and are loud in their praise. There
-is no method of accounting for ISMAR'S
•wonderful powers; that she possesses
!!5L. d - ernons tra,ted by her remarkable
fr ° cc «s«' €ver > r dav among prominent peo-
ple ngrnt here in San Franciaco. ISMAR
Is to be trusted; her advice will be of In-
calculable benefit to you. If in doubt,
business anxiety or if you want to know
"•mat the future holds in store for you,
consult ISMAR. She can be seen d'aily
xroia 10 to 5 p. m. at her office, 114S Mar-
ket street, two doors below Weinstock &
Lubin's. Sundays by appointment only.
Revelations So Truthful as to
Almost Surpass Belief.
Prophetess of the ige.
Beyond Dispute the Greatest
9
The Gypsy.
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
There Is a disease prevailing in this
country most dangerous because so decep-
I 111 II Er^Ti\^ ** ve ' Many sudden
W^ j$£l> iJ ** deaths are caused by
j^gJ^flrtSl^^p it — heart disease,
\x$Ji \knt^ pneumonia, " heart
1 1 \c^n /Til N>4Jk=£ failure or apoplexy
-'I n^-^^Mkf^v^! r are often the result
ill \ \Q [ I °* k^ ne y disease. If
~A)isTr if I H /§ I k^ ne y * rou bl e * s **"
SLt^"iL lfv\ \\ &l l_ l° we< * to advance tha
W^a I4 k kidney-poisoned
N^i^ * -<»>£v" bIood attack th ° '
vital organs or tho
kidneys themselves break dawn ar.d wasto
away cell by cell. °v", '
Bladder troubles most always result from
a derangement of the kidneys and a cure is
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly yoa
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold urine and scald-
ing pain in passing it, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of being compelled to
go often during the day, and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and tho
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Roct is pleasant to take and sold
by all druggists in fifty-cent and one-dollar
sized bottles. You may 1 cr-j^f
have a sample bottla of gTp^rSJ^^HSS^
this wonderful new dis- SsSv^SH SpH^-^jja
covery and a book that ** ti^S£^li^^^^g
tells all about it. both EomeotSwsmp-Root.
sent free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
Binghamton, N. Y. When writing mention
reading this generous offer in this paper.
SB. KELMEB'S SWAIttP-ROOT.
CESAR BERTHEAU - - Pacific Coast Manager,
•^LFREtf^GR!Jili|te|S| Manager,
MARTIN R ASCHEN and &US MESSJNGER^; Managers- City Department
Off ice^-423 CALIFORNIA STREET,
6AN- FRANCISCO/ CAL. '*
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Of the assassin may be more sudden, but
it is not more sure than the dire punish-
ment meted out to- the man who abuses
his stomach. No man is stronger than .
his stomach. When the stomach is dis-
eased the whole body is weakened.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. ¦ It
cures diseases of other organs when it
cures the diseases of the stomach, on
which the several organs depend for
nutrition and vitality.
' "I would sas' in regard to your medicines
that I have been pr ea Uy benefited by them,"
writes Mr. J. S. Bell, of Leaudo, Van Buren Co.,
la. "I was at one time
as I- thought almost §§*<
at death's door. . I was "s^V JUtj—
cotifinerl to ray house >£jfti P*w*3
and part of the time wa. fT 5 22
to my bed. I had ISOl f Jfii
taken gallons of medi- V^feKCSS
cine, but it only fed NBKRrtlfisa
the disease; but ["must . Jft£j3fc§Ss!lL
say. that ' Golden Med- jHM)nMa^§
i c'a 1 Discovery 'has Swswaljifcf
cured me. and to-day J?T^g?is?*dSEsf
I am stouter than I (^ i <ltg$~g&^
have beru for twenty qffgiWf|-|i
years. I am now Forty- ¦ ¦9sMhk«
three years old. Have WfffffrM
taken in all twenty-nine / lsS3rJ«kl
bottles of ' Golden Medical / JlgSftB
Discovery.' besides two or \
three dozen vials of Dr. \ fSSBSOKa
. Pierce's Pellets, but now I \ " =Sv • '
take no medicine." .¦ ¦ '¦ \ n^^-^-^v
Dr. Pierce's Pleas- *|T )
ant Pellets cure con- . '-' S&P
stipation.'
WASTING, i%if! pa P%| You Sleep,
STRICTUREDll W S^Bis' B ll IN-'l5 DAYS!
!9 ; 346~CURES LAST YEAR— 19,846
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture Is Dissolved Like Snow Beneath
the Sun-IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment Applied
Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
— — —^^— —— — "We anrwer the ques- 1 STOMACH. The St. James treatment Is local,
1*^, tions briefly. If you cut direct and jwsitlve. V *. ',
HF2~-*n?^ an arte 1^ ln y° ur . ann The St. James treatment is prepared in the
Jr s^^ya >'° u do n °i t** 6 Inter- form of crayons, very narrow,' smooth, flexible
¦ «SSaS^*l naI me<3lcl °® to * to P and wholly soluble, which are inserted into the
f_^' th * fl0W «Sf .» . V.«?P "water passage at night.- where they dissolve
y^ fcSrWi A £.-,?££ cf^f , and the medication ln its full strength
/&&$&$$ C £ TI ?v S - ?v lmJ i ar l y "PO" the Prostate Gland, contracting and
V\ ftta^ifS* ' trhen the urethra ducte strengthening the ducts and FOREVER STOP-
F^ *5S&***df become weakened and ping DRAINS AND EMISSIONS, and curing
L7. lif J\. relaxed It Is ridiculous while the patient sleeps.
*SgjfrBf to take Internal treat-
— *-^*2^. rnent, which must pass VARIf*nf^PLF
through the stomach -¦ ¦ j, ; w **™l^vr\*Cfct.
• nd urine before It reaches the seat of disease. varleocele is an accumulation of slujrglsh
The seminal <5ucto project Into the urethra! blood In the veins of the scrotum, due solely to
canal throurh th* Prostate Gland, and are imperfect circulation, and has its origin in a
ea»!lv reached by IjOCALt TREATMENT. diseased and torpid Prostate Gland. Operations
Dr Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble bougies in this disease are only temporary, and no me-
¦will dissolve, digest and rcrever remove chanical device yet discovered has cured a sln-
rwniAVUDr gle case. Gran-Solvent heals the Prostate and
9 1 KIWI vJKd restores healthy circulation. Varicocele dlsap-
In Jo days, without pain, injury or lnconvenl- pears and the sluggish accumulation is replaced
ence. The bougies are Inserted at night and by pure, healthy red blood.
act while you sleep. "Gran-Solvent" removes Thousands of men strictured, weak, wasting
every eymptom of stricture, leaving the canal and despondent were cured and restored by the
ee healthy sb when nature formed it. NO St. James method last year. A vast army of
BRUTAL CVTTISG OR DILATING. NO IN- men in whom the light of life. has penetrated
JECTIOXR TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE, the fearful nightmare of stricture and seminal
,\O INTERNAL. DRUGGING TO RUIN THE decay.
HOME TREATMENT By Mail Can Be Used by tha Pttlent at Successfully at By Ourselves '
Epace will not permit a complete description of the Incomparable St. James treatment ln Ure-
thral Diseases. Every sufferer from Stricture, and the offspring-, , m-i_-_ _
Prostatitlr and Seminal Weakness, ehoud write to the fit. James As- H 4 Wjm B_^ B-H
eociatlor.. 260 St. James Building. Cincinnati, Ohio, for their Illus- B W\. E I
trated work Bhowla? the parts of Uje human system Involved ln Ure- . " ¦ m ' Om^ M "^
thral Ailments, which they Bend to male applicants, securely wrapped
ICnrr TDC ATltC PflllDnM Cut out tM * coupon and mall it to the St. James As- >¦
Intt IntAllot oUUrUll notation with your name and address plainly writ- E
. ten when they will send you a copy of their exhaustive treatise accurately Illustrated H
ln half-tone, showing the parts of the male gystem Involved ln Urethra! Aliments. ||
fi rlMCC i CCArfiTf AV 25O St. -lame* Building, m
bl. JA31C3 ADoUwlAlivn, CINCINNATI, O. M
Please send to me a copy of your Complete Illustrated Work upon the {§
Ma'e Sexual System, sc Name «¦ Eg
curely sealed, PREPAID, TT* ' ' 9
I FREE of ALL CHARGES AddrCSS /; • . , g
CONSULT ATION AND EXAMINATION FREE.
ST. JAMES ASSN., 260 ST. JAMES BLDG., CINCINNATI, 0.
11 TT lli ~ 11 in niii lliliPi ii<rniililHI ill 1 11 1 1 " . • ¦ •
I UAH I
k Aan ThlsfimiTral* I
| RaU runs but twle* |
y per wetk during fl
I THURSDAY -tv-|
|| rtic leaving at 9 am, . B
h '^ T^es in |j
I CALIF08H1A surf
I ||ynrn — |
I LI mil IV fts'fafeftstuiard if
a ofiervtca 1$ , B
H ON tally maintained.,!
PSIUfE I
ISMAIL
ADVERTISEMENTS.Andrew J. Martin was arrested yester
day by United States Secret Service Agent
Hazen on a charge of having- stolen $47
from the safe of the United States Engin
eer's office in the Flood building last Mon
day. Martin on April 15 of this year was
given employment as messenger in the
office, having been highly recommended
by the Young M en>s Christian Association
of Philadelphia, from which city he came.
On Monday forenoon, after being about
two hours in the office, he disappeared
and $47 was found to be missing from the
safe, the combination having . been left
unlocked. • • :
After leaving the office Martin went on
a visit to a friend's in Berkeley, to which
place, he was finally traced by the secret
service agent. r The prisoner denied all
knowledge of the missing money. . but
could'- not explain satisfactorily why he
left Ills employment so . suddenly ana
without notice. He is 26 years old.
election last November, was chosen 1 for
one of the Superior judgeships of Sacra
mento County.
Mr. Jackson for a number of years was
a telegraph operator In the employ of the
Western Union. Later he was superin
tendent of the Sacramento Gas Company.
He is a prominent Elk and one of the
most popular men in Sacramento. He had
no opposition.
At the meeting to-day it was decided
to give two harness and four running
events each day of the next State fair.
The secretary was instructed to confer,
with the street fair committee with a
view to promoting Interest in the coming
fair. Friday, September 1 6,^ will be "drum
mers' day." The free list will be sus
pended at the park and pavilion on both
Saturdays during the fair. The directors
announced that the present office force
would be retained.
SACRAMENTAN WHO BECOMES
SECRETARY OF THE STATE AG
RICULTURAL . SOCIETT. N
COURT TAKES JOHNSON'S
SUIT UNDER ADVISEMENT
Judge Sloss has taken under advisement
the petition of-Mathias Johnson for an
injunction restraining the Cooks' and
"Waiters' Union from Interfering with the
conduct of his Market street and Mont
gomery street restaurants. Argument on
the Issues Involved was concluded yester
day morning. "William Rix of the firm of
Bishop & Wheeler representing the peti
tioner and H. N. Hutton appearing for the
defendant organization.
Yesterday's argument hinged upon the
allegations of the petitioner that his
guests and present employes were being
inthnidated by the representatives of the
union. It was contended by Mr. Hutton
that no effort to intimidate customers or
employes had been made by the unions:
that an effort to intimidate necessitated
the use of force and threats, which he de
nied had been irsed.
On the other hand. Attorney Rix stated
that he would furnish affidavits to the ef
fect that force and threats had been used
by the members of the union, and that.
John Dillon Makes a Sharp Speech
&nd the King's Portrait Is
DENOUNCES THE BRITISH
AND SOUTH AFRICA WAR
Covered.
DEPTPOBD. June 29.— At a meeting of
the United Irl&h League here to-night
John Dillon denounced fiercely the Gov
ernment and the war in South Africa.
During the progress of the meeting the
delegates from Bermondzey marched in
cartj-ing banners which they placed be
hind the speaker's chair under a portrait
cf the King. ' In response to cries of
"Cover him up," the banners were hung
to as to blot out tb« portrait, to the man
ifest satisfaction of the audience, which
cheered heartily
WINS TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP.
Miss Elizabeth Moore of the Kirigs Coun-
ing Miss Myrtle McAteer of Pittsburg,'
PHILADELPHIA. June 29.— By defeat-
Cardinal Gibbons . Said to \ Have In
structions to Propose Matter
MAY ASK ESTABLISHMENT
OF HOLY SEE LEGATION
to the President. ' - . .
NEW .YORK. June 29.— A "World special
from Rome says: The World correspond
ent saw Cardinal Rampolla, , the papal
secretary, concerning the rumored estab
lishment of diplomatic relations . between
the United States and the • Vatican.. The
Cardinal refused to go into details, but
he did not . deny that negotiation^ were
being- actively carried •' on. - Cardinal / Gib
bons: will, en nis return to America,;rep
resent to President McKlnley the advlsa
blllty;of establishing; in the' United States
a legation of ': the s Holy See^ ¦ especially in
view" of the enormous increase .of Catho-
Jics in '» the United States. - The ¦ Pope -; at
taches great importance to these negotia
tions. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ •; / '¦; : ¦:¦•¦ .-•¦ ¦ ;'
ty Tennis Club to-day regained the
woman's tennis championship : of the
United States. Miss Moore lost the title
to Miss McAteer last- year. . . The contest
to-day was keen and five sets were played
before a result was attained. Both play
ers were exhausted at the end of the
match, and Miss Moore decided to forfeit
the doubles, ln which she and Miss Jones
were to meet Miss McAteer and Miss At
kinson. In the finals of the mixed doubles
Mis3 Jones and D. P. Little easily defeat
ed Miss McAteer and Dr. Stevens in three
ctralg-ht sets. Summary:
Women's singlet, championship final— Miss
Moore beat Miss McAteer. 6 — 1: 3-^-6, 7—5 2—6
6—2. ¦'"-..
Ladies' consolation . singles, semi-finals— Miss
D. H. Rastall, Belmont, beat Miss Huey, Bel
rront. 6—4, 6 — t; Miss R. Harlan, Belmont. beat
Mies J. B. Clark, Baltimore. 7—5. 1—6, 7— 6
Final— Miss Itastall beat Miss Harlan. 7—9
6— L «— J. ' .
Finals. ' mixed doubles— Miss : Jones, Nevada
and D. P. Little. Princeton, beat Miss Mc-
Ateer and Dr. Stevens. 6 — 4, 6—4, 7—5.
- Ladies' ' doubles, consolation final— Miss E. J.
Rastall and Mies D. H. Rastall beat Miss
Green and Mies Chichester, B— 7, ft—i, 6-4.
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES.
Results of the Playing in American
and National Leagues.
; NATIONAL LEAGUE. •
PHILADELPHIA, June 29. — Cross missed the
chance to retire the third man ln the first in
ning this afternoon, after which the Pitts
burgs developed a battine streak and scored
three runs. They earned their other two. At
tendance 5400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia ..........; 4 8 2
Pittsburg 5 12 .' 2
Batteries— Orth. Dousrlass and . McFarland ;
Poole, Leever. and Zimmer. Umpire — O'Day.
NEW YORK, June 29. — The New Torks won
to-day by heavy batting and Matthewson was
too much for the Chlcasros. Attendance 7700.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 14 18 1
Chicago .....•:. 1 .4 ' 4
Batteries— Matthewson and Warner; Waddell,
Eason and Kling. Umpire— Cunningham. ,
BROOKLYN, June 29.— The Booklyn and St.
Louis clubs broke even in a double header to
day. Brooklyn won the first game through
superior all around' playing and by long drives
with men on bases. Not a hit off Powell was
wasted^ while those off Donovan were well
scattered. Murohy was a puzzle to the home
team in the second came, beinjr unusually ef
fective in every Inning except the fourth. Mc-
James was wild and retired in the fifth In
favor of Kltson. who was touched up for two
triples and two singles. Attendance 5500.
•Score— First came: . • . •
' Clubs— ' . R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 .11 3
Brooklyn ......' .1 6 0
Batteries— Powell' and Nichols; Donovan and
McGuire. Umpires — Farrell and Schriver.
; Second came — . ' , R. H. E.
St. Louis 7 11 2
Brooklyn •• 4 11 2
Batteries— Murphy and Ryan ; McJames, . Kit
son and Farrell. Umpires— Schriver and Mc-
Guire.
BOSTON, June 29.— Cincinnati won easily,
batting two Boston pitchers out of . the box
and scoring at will for the first six Innings.
Boston batted Hahn hard in the last Dart of
the same, but could not overcome the visitors'
lead. Attendance 2000. Score:
Cl-Jbs— I R. H. E.
Boston 5 9 2
Cincinnati :...:. .11 . 16 2
Batteries— Dineen, Lawson, Pittinger and
Klttredge; Hahn and Peitz. ¦ Umpire— Nash.
. AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, June 29.— Three. 'consecutive er
rors, a base on balls and. one single grave De
troit three runs in the fifth. inning-. Two hits,
a stolen base and Friers wild throw brought
in tow more in the eighth. Attendance, 3100.
Score: •
Clubs— R. ;' H. E.
Detroit >..... ......'.:.... ....... ... o. 6 1
Milwaukee • 0 44
Batteries— Siever andBuelow; Hawley and
Maloney. '¦• , -
' CHICAGO, June 29.— For seven innings to
day's game was ; a pitchers' .' battle, , Harvey
holding the I visitors down , to : four scattered
singles,' while Moore had not allowed'the sem
blance of a hit. Attendance, 4500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago ......... i 4 . 4 2
Cleveland..... 1 4 1
Batteries— Harvey and Sullivan; Moore, and
Wood.: ;. -•: ;. . :'• ;.;' - / •".; -/
BALTIMORE, June 29.— The Baltimore team
won : out in a ¦ game of a | Elugglst^ see-saw
against ¦ Philadelphia ( here, to-day. • ' The heat
was Intense and affected both pitchers. • At
tendance. 3O24._ ; Score: : ,
: Clubs—: , A' ;r.' '• H. : . E.
Baltimore .....15 . —,'iSft 2
Philadelphia........ ................. .13 ".22 ,2
Batteries— Foreman, McGlnnlty and Robin
son; Piatt, Leltner :and Powers. . , ¦ ;. r
JWASHINGTON.ljune 29.— Young kept Wash
ington's safe .hits scattered .to-day, while Bos
ton -bunched 'their* hits, and placed their -long
ones opportunely.*;; Mercer; was substituted for
Patten after the ; second : Inning. Attendance,
2900.; Score: .;-.; ... , .
¦¦Clubs—.; ;.' :'.'.;.*;!,;¦/ ;. '. R. h. : e.
Washington ..:......¦........."...'..... 2 ' . 6 . "." 2
Boston , ... ..'..,. r. 7 \.,12 .,/ . 2
; . Batteries— Patten^' Mercer arid Clarke; -Toung
1 and;Criger.- ' '^W38$!&m&2S&i-
Sues Felton for Accounting.
Charles C. Stallman, administrator of
the estate of the late Charles Hadsell, has
sued Charles L. Felton for an accounting:.
Stallman avers that Felton, acting as th«
agent of the deceased, received moneys
from him for investment, and also real
ized more than 5200,000 on lands sold at
the request of the deceased, but for which
he has not as yet made an accounting.
furthermore, their agreement with other
unions to Injure the business of the plain
tiff constituted an unlawful conspiracy.
Judge Sloss instructed Attorney Rlx to
present his affidavits?, after which he took
the case under advisement.
Music in the Park.
The park band will render the following
programme this afternoon:
Overture. "Isabella" (Suppe); song. "The Pil
grims of the Night" (Llddle); selection. "Lur
llne" (Wallace): cornet solo, selected. I>. C.
Eosebrook; scene front "The Fortune Teller"
(Herbert); overture, "Guarany" (Gomez>:
"Reverie da Soir" (St. Saens). with cornet
obllgato by W. Mahood; walta. "Espagnol*
Fita" (Pares): dance, "Passion Flown"
(Sancho); "A Little Bit oX Essence" (Rollin-
Bon). ¦ . .
Miss E. M. Stafford of the Richmond
Evening School, whose leave expires July
22, 1901, must return to any position the
board may select- for her. and Miss Eliza
beth McDonald, whose leave expires on
the same date, will be assigned to tho
substitute list.
NO AGREEMENT:
STRIKE ORDERED
Twenty Thousand Sheet
?| Steel Workers Will ;,
, : Quit.
Pittsburg Conference Oom
inittee Cannot Adjust
.. Differences.
PITTSBURG, June 29.— A general order
for a strike of all union sheet steel work
ers,was issued by President T. J. f Shaffer
of the Amalgamated Association of Iron,
Steel arid Tin Workers to-dayl There are
over : 20,0C0 men affected. by this order and
every mill operated . by. the American,
Sheet Steel Company where, union men
are employed throughout -the country will
close indefinitely or until such time . as- a
settlement of the matters in dispute has
been reached.
Pemand of the Workers.
, . The officials of the American Sheet Steel
Company refuse to discuss the ¦ troubles
with their workmen., P. Smith, the man
ager, of the Dewees-Wood . plant of the
company, and Earner Kline, who is also
connected with the company,, acted as
negotiators for the combine. Smith is
said to have been one of the most pro
nounced non-union mill -managers In the
country, and from, the time he represented
the company In the present wage negotia
tions trouble was anticipated by the men.
At the offices of the Amalgamated As
sociation to-day it was said that the sheet
steel workers had decided at the last con
vention of the Amalgamated Association
to ask only the readoption of the present
scale for the present year. No changes
were wanted, but there would be one de
mand, and .that was that the American
Sheet Steel Company should sign the
scale so that it would cover all of its
plants. . In other words, the Amalgamated
Association asked that non-union plants
now operated by the combine should be
turned over to the union and be governed
by the same rules as union mills. The
officials of the company declined to con
sider the proposition.
- This morning, at the solicitation of
Manager Smith for the American Sheet
Steel Company, the wage committee of
the Amalgamated Association met in -con
ference at the Hotel Lincoln. At this
final conference Smith submitted an ulti
matum to. the workmen, which was in ef
fect that the wage scale for the plants
of the company would be signed without
question with the exception of the old
Meadow mills in Scottdale, the Dewees-
Wood mill in* McKeesport, the Wellsville
plant and all other plants not now consid
ered a part of the union workmen's
province. -The workers' committee refused
absolutely to consider the proposition, and
in ten minutes the conference adjourned
without formalities.
Order for the 'Strike.
As soon as the convention was over
President Shaffer issued an urgent call
for a meeting of the advisory board. The
board met and approved the decision of
the president to call out all the men of
the union. The strike order in general
will take men from the non-union plants
who belong to the organization, as well
as from the union mills.
The men explain their demand for the
unionizing of all the mills of the combine
by stating that last year the combine had
taken advantage of its position in having
the non-union mills by operating/them
first and leaving organized mills idle until
pressure of business forced them, to start.
It was resolved by the men at that time
that such a. chance should never occur
again for the company, that it would be
either all unitfn mills or all : non-union
mills. To grain this point no 1 change in the
scale was asked, but a demand for union
izing all the mills was made .definite. y .
1 The men claim that by the work of mis
sionaries of late they have succeeded in
organizing to such, an -extent that it is.
doubtful if the ' combine will be able to
turn-out the full tonnage of any one of
its non-union mills. It'ig generally agrreea,'
however, that the real test of strength be
tween the combine and the. workers will
not be made until after the warm weath
er. During July and August there will be
no strike benefits -paid the men out of
work, as these two months are used by
saeet mills, like all other iron plants, for
repairs. After September 1, if the scale
is not signed, the Amalgamated Associa
tion will be called on for support of the
idle men.
The Board of Education held a special
session yesterday for the purpose of reas
signing twenty-five teachers who ar©
about to return from long leaves of ab
sence. It was deckled that with two ex
ceptions the teachers who will reaasume
their duties shall take charge of the same
classes they had when they were granted
their leaves.
The substitute teachers who have re
placed them during their absence will re
turn to what has been deslgmated by the
board as the eligible list, which is ths
former substitute and day unassiyned Hst3
combined. The eligible Ii3t will then con
sist of thirty-two teachers after the re
assignments have been made. The teach
ers whose leaves of absence are about to
expire, together with the school to which
they will be assigned and the date of tha
expiration of the leaves, are as follows:
Board of Education Directs
Them to Report to Old
Classes.
TEACHERS WILL
BE REASSIGNED
Twenty-Five About to
Return From Leaves
of Absence.
JACKSON NOW SECRETARY
OF AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY
No Opposition to His Selection as the Successor
of Judge Peter J. Shields. \
THE SAN FKAJSXJISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. JUNE 30, 1901,
.*- — : : — : — — - — — *•
ACRAMENTO. June 29.— At a
<CLj7 meeting of the directors of the
State Agricultural Society this af-
ternooh George "W. Jackson was
elected secretary. The place was
last held by PetSr J. Shields, who, In the
MESSENGER MARTIN IS
ACCUSED OF STEALING
16
I
»
SCHOOL. J
t Exp
[ratlc
NAME.
1.
D. Lambert Lincoln Eve. ...(Aug.
Mrs. R. L. Ash Humboldt Eve. July
Miss A. D. Mlley James Lick July
Miss K. T. Callahan.... Dudley Stone... Jnly
Miss S. E. Kelly Mission Gram.. j July
Mis3 E. I* Williamson. Fail-mount: (July
Albert W Lyser Lincoln Eve iJuly
Mrs. E. Schm!tt Adams July
T. B White Washington ....IJuly
Miss S. M. Kingsbury.. Lowell High. ...'July
A. J. Houston Franklin Eve.. IJuly
Miss Pearl Hobart Emerson July
Mls3 C. Thompson Pacific Helghts.July
Miss M. E. Callahan.... Clement IJuly
Miss M. A. Ryan Agrassiz fJuly
Miss C. L. Morton...... Longfellow IJuly
Mlsa A. E. Sutherland.. Grant 'July
Miss T. .McCarthy Lincoln July
Miss Ruth G. Campbell. Broadway IJuly
Mlsa Margaret Bailie... Bernal July
Miss M. A. Reddy Irving May
Mlsa E. Mower Starr King jJuly
Miss E. Ltvingrston Irving Scott [July
. 1
3f
:rt
9
a
a
I
»
SCHOOL. J
t Exp
[ratlc
NAME.
1.
D. Lambert Lincoln Eve. ...(Aug.
Mrs. R. L. Ash Humboldt Eve. July
Miss A. D. Mlley James Lick July
Miss K. T. Callahan.... Dudley Stone... Jnly
Miss S. E. Kelly Mission Gram.. j July
Mis3 E. I* Williamson. Fail-mount: (July
Albert W Lyser Lincoln Eve iJuly
Mrs. E. Schm!tt Adams July
T. B White Washington ....IJuly
Miss S. M. Kingsbury.. Lowell High. ...'July
A. J. Houston Franklin Eve.. IJuly
Miss Pearl Hobart Emerson July
Mls3 C. Thompson Pacific Helghts.July
Miss M. E. Callahan.... Clement IJuly
Miss M. A. Ryan Agrassiz fJuly
Miss C. L. Morton...... Longfellow IJuly
Mlsa A. E. Sutherland.. Grant 'July
Miss T. .McCarthy Lincoln July
Miss Ruth G. Campbell. Broadway IJuly
Mlsa Margaret Bailie... Bernal July
Miss M. A. Reddy Irving May
Mlsa E. Mower Starr King jJuly
Miss E. Ltvingrston Irving Scott [July
. 1
3f
:rt
9
a
a
JUSTONE MORE WEEK
Owing to the fact that the doctors were unable to prescribe for all the great crowds that have thronged their offices for the past few-
days, and that they ¦ were unable to reply to the many letters from all parts of the country asking for a little more time so that they
. might take advantage of r>ra. Shores' notable offer to treat all diseases until cured for the LOW FEE OF Jo. CO A MONTH, no other
charge ln any case, all medicines free, Drs. Shores, in order to give all a chance, have decided to extend the offer another week to all
who apply. Do not- delay. Consultation free.
. Drs. Shores' popular $5 a month rate for all diseases, medicines free, until cured, is given by Drs. Shores to demonstrate- to the pub-
lic that ""the Dr. Shores treatment for deafness, catarrh and chronic diseases Is SUPERIOR to all others. This low rate holds good to
ALL WHO APPLY. BEFORE JULY 7th. No matter how "COMPLICATED" your case may be. $3 is all the money you need. $3 pars for
one whole month, all medicines and treatment furnished absolutely free.
SAN FRANCISCO PEOPLE SPEAK FOR DRS. SHORES.
Drs. Shores' voluntary TESTIMONIALS FROM WELL-KNOWN PEOPLE who live right here in the city people you can see and
talk with. THEY SPEAK FOR DRS. SHORES' SKILL as expert physicians and specialists. They tell you Dra. Shores' treatment cures
when others had failed. Why pay out hard-earned money for "FAKE PATENT MEDICINeST" Why experiment with QUACK doctors
and ITINERANT specialists, who charge you exorbitant fees and give you ln return only EMPTY PROMISES? Drs Shores are the trua
friends of the people. Drs. Shores are the ORIGINATORS of the LOW FEE system. Drs. Shores are RESPONSIBLE physicians- thev
. have treated over 100,000 cases of CATARRH and CHRONIC DISEASES in the past fifteen yeara. Do not take any doctor's unsupported
word that he can cure CATARRH and CHRONIC DISEASES: ask him whom he has cured. Drs SHORES GIVE YOU THE DIRECT
PROOF. If there is a sufferer in San Francisco, or ln the West, with CATARRH, DEAFNgss or AJ«Y DEEP-SEATED NERVOUS or
CHRONIC DISEASE, let them apply to Drs. Shores THIS WEEK, and Drs. Shores will treat them until cured for the low fee of $3 a
month, all medicines free.
REMEMBER, this special offer holds good only to those who apply BEFORE JULY 7th for after that date this low rata will In
withdrawn and the price for treatment ADVANCED. Do not delay if you want to b« cured' for $3 but arraly now
COME TO-DAY. COME MONDAY, COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK. vvw -
' CONSULTATION FREE FOR ANY DISEASE. ~
<^m 7^^<uL/' ' "''"^S^^^^^^^^^ J 137 '* lrlsslon strc «. San Francisco. Ca!.
w/_#«^ sar . Read the testimony of J H TVioar^e .s.
- S£»-*«»~» foreman \t the £" atkuS Cc?
JOHN GIBBONS. ~ MRS. JANE CONDRON. £2.°* Factory, who has been a great sufferer
. 1131 -Pacific Street. San Francisco. Cal. " . ¦ , t e boc^Ja < ? a tarrh /.? r orer twenty-flve years.
' ¦ Mrs. Condron eays: "Myi home is at Sum- *£ r?r •£ y am * shoe forera *n at •"
Mr. Gibbons says: "I am a teamster and me ; v m e> California. I have lived there since street and hale Hved^thi^t 1 ?'^ 3^ 18 *' 0^
have lived for twenty years In this city. I -69 and am an old resident. For the past three «teen years. I havl been a %£g sufferer from
have been a great sufferer from chronic ca- th ¦ , h hppn vl _ ltlne wlth mv daui h- S?,?P NIC CATARRH FOR OVER TWENTT-
tarrh for over fifteen years in my head, liver ninths I havo been visiting with my daugh- YEARS. During all that time 1 hav-
and kidneys. My nose would stop up so much ter - 13H Gieeu Ftreet, this city. I have been W a great many so-called 'CATARRH
from the catarrh I had to breathe through my a creat sufferer from catarrh in the head for J£~p g^.^he'rfi'oa^n'e ™%™ ih*" 1 d *
mouth.' My nose would run. all the time, and the past six years. It made me have great Shores, two months ago. I had almost des'alr-
the discharge had a very bad odor. The drop- pj^ ln the fri , nt and back of the head, and I ** °* « ver getting well. I HAD SUFFERED
pirig.in my throat made me hawk in the morn- gu , h M l d lmQ 'S^HE raE^Wsr^nfr,^
Ing until I would throw up my breakfast. I f „ iHr^w^J^ .,Vii i CT ~ I^ WUi>B w OijLD DIS-
lost the sense of smell, and it would affect my «***- The catarrh also made my nose run all gHARGE AND THE GATHErjNG IN MY
hearing -o tl.nt when I, took cold I would be the time, and I had dropping In the throat. It ?!!4uXLLY^le^ my con^fant
deaf .' for three or four days at. a time. My also affected my hearing, making me quite HAWKING made my throat SORE, and it
kidneys and liver were also affected. My back deaf and also my stomach. I would belch up woy ld PAIN me. It bothered me so 'much It.
would pain me all .**' time, and I w as very Wind' and bloat My stomach has been bad for ffi? ta^thSa? 1 . l™ Bl«h? e and^rtertS"
costive, in. fact. I wasjun' down in every years , and lt made me nervoua M that j with my SLEEP. ThV, FOUI^ISCHARGK
not sleep. I was very- weak . and run down. WfflK
to Drs.' Shores three weeks ago. I can say This was my condition when I came to Drs. eating and my KIDNEYS were also arected
P r? no^mor^drop! Shores, one month a g o. I can say Drs. Shores ™™& M^i }%?
ping. . No more vomiting. My kidneys are now helped . me from the start. After the second TREATMENT AND ITEDICIXES' HELPED
Sr a^d ?SyS I1 ,»^ Tn d ficei <* *«- g improve and the Improvement ME ™M T^START . ! can goo,
feel ten yearn vounger. I take great pleasure has been steady ever since. No more head- constant desire to HAWK AND SP'T »n£
In recommending; Drs. Shores to all. for they ach es: no more running from the nose. My SORENESS of the throat HAS DISVP-
have done. wonuers for me. * ... , . ¦ , «. .. PEARED • *^i^.n.r
"I live Ht im Pacific street, this city.' and head is clear now. my deafness is much better .. NO MQRE BIjOATING , n the >tomach Mv
any: one- doubling -this statement is at liberty an d my stomach does not distress me. liver and kidneys are better and I feel strone->r
£ R fof this n Te-M^.a7 J ' V6r y truthful - "Drs. Shores have done wonders for me, and taevenr way^ stronser
"TsVnedf te ;: 1 " 1Onial - JOHN GIBBONS, . I heartily recommend them to all." woSr^fO^^^D^I^!^^
•¦-. 1131 Pacific street, San Francisco. Cal. (Signed) MRS. JANE CONDRON. URE IN RECOMMENDING DRs'shor'eI 7
, IA/E TF*E/\T MIND CURE treatment to all sufferers. ••
.Catarrh and Stomach Troubles. Nervous Diseases. Kidney Diseases, Bladder Troubles. Heart ( 5lKn ,,W X ri«.<« ? J a H - BOCARDE,
Diseases, Diseases of. the Stomach and Bowels, Piles. Fistula and Rectal Diseases. Female zu<% Mission st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Complaints.' Diseases of Women and Children. Rickets.' Spinal Troubles, Skin Diseases. . * ¦
Deafness. Asthma. Bronchial and Lung. Troubles, Consumption in the First Stages. Rbeu- HOME TREATMTMT
ous and Chronic Disease. CALL OR WRITE . _ ¦ • U^cT £7^^^^
. ¦' v . CJfNE PRICc, r \-ff< ¦ ALL. ¦¦>...•- and uniform success attending the treatment of
In treating with DVs.- Shores you know just what you have to pay. .Drs. Shores do not Drs. Shores In" their office -la found in their
charge 15 for Catarrh and $20 for Kidney Disease or other trouble. They will treat you for HOME • TREATMENT OF PATIENTS BY
¦ all your ailments, no matter how many, . for $5 per month, all medicines included. Now MAIL. By the use of a symptom blank they
¦¦~ understand, fo a month is all you, have to pay for- expert treatment. — .. *r« able to diagnose cases and prescribe for
. r ,-;.: ' — '¦ — .'/-•,' them, and by their reports keep a close watch
¦Vl^'iO ' £> H B 4\ n B~ O '' d C* 1_B d\ ITS W~ <£> up ? n them - Patients living in the country may
DRS^;SHORES:& l SHORES, specialists. i^^^3Sssri
KSS^' HIST0R1T BUILDING, ,723; IMARKtr ST. ?^te.%i. s £S?S2i£tfZg&
Office Hours— Week days, 9 a. n. to 4 p. m, Evenlng3, 6 to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m."to*13 m! 'cONSULTA^foN^FREB*^ a^ I AppUanc8 *'
The Great July Gleairhiice Sale
Begins To-Morrow, Monday, My 1st. -
To-morrow commences the GREAT R*t.T! that is looked forward to, watched and waited f orby thou-
sands of shrewdest buyers. "We propose to make this sale the greatest bargain event of tha year, for, in
gathering merchandise for this occasion, we have used every means at our* command to briiig together
SUCH VALUES and QUALITIES as we declare will long be remembered. Every dollar's worth of sur-
plus stock, odds and ends and broken lines, no matter what the loss may be, will be closed out regard-
less of original cost or value. Each and every department will be represented by unequaled bargains, for
we have in view a swift clearance of Spring and Summer stock. Those who have attended % our former
Bales have learned to expect MARVELOUS SAVING ADVANTAGES, ! and THIS ONE,; following as it
does the largest Spring business in our history, will more than meet your greatest expectations.
RIR RIRGAINR WOOt. OHAX:LIES-«> pcs. Satin- MOJTAIB. GRENADINES— 55 pc«. CRC»T : FURRM-
OIU DAnOAInO . striped Wool Challies. this season's most Black Mohair Grenadines, 38 inches wide. Q »tMI kRIDnUI
III DIDRMIC favored fabric; in medium and dark colors, ln pretty and very attractive striped ef- nFRY RARftAIM?
Ill nlDDURO in the most effective designs; ()K r fects; the greatest Grenadine bargain of l»"-nl DAflUAIltd,
Xo. 40— All-Silk Taf- w ere 60c; sale price...*. Yd, -AOw the year; regular value $1 yd, at OQ r All Linen Embroid-
feta Ribbon. 3% Inches att WCOT^ TTOMTCTrrT-MS-Sa DCS ' "^ unprecedentedly low P rice of r£FW ery Ail-Over Yoking*,
wide, la a fine assort- «^ h^^ AIUWo^l HomelpW ?n :— — also nnrwed stripe and ,,
rnent of shades, in- gt riped and checked mixed effects, in col- Tnriiriinniin imnii ..... tucked yoktngs, suit- .
P l u n^iavinl h er. JSS& 25c TREMENDOUS WASH , GOODS Su^/^r
and cream: regular " _* D C n MflTlfUI O ' were ¦ BOc yd; QAr
value. 20c; to \C\ C NOVELTY SUITINGS -40 Pcs: :' HtUUbllUNo, sale price. Yd.
close Yd. 1VW Novelty Suitings (broken lines), this sea- *~^^^> — > — wn>-w.
r^-^~^^^^-^^~' eon's most effective dress fabric, that sold GINGHAMS AND PERCALES— Cambric Embroidery
.. -«_-t^^i^ t»«*^ U P to * L6<> * ? A '' *reat bargain; SSp 75 pcs. good quality American Ginghams Edges and Insertions,
k^«" «n~ MiiTviT. «« Bale Drlce .....Id, W«v and Percales, warranted fast , colors, in 2 lo 3 Inches wide;
«««•«' Tv«..rii«T K t^i*V?n A T T TirnnT AT T» AT"Rn^S A VTk 68 and fls-ures, medium" .and 1 dark dainty patterns; were
o£n"wSk U £d 6t & e rd£ NW'S W VEIl/NG^ 5 T: ?S SS of A tSS £g*™ gywitar ¦ lOe values; § Q 100; aale price gg,
effects, la handsome popular summer dress goods, broken lines. 8tUe prtce> yara 'V " w -
colorings, suitable for but ln the best colorings; regular QO C IRISH DIMITIES- 150 PCS.* this sea- FJne cambric Era.'
neck ribbons; were 20c values, 60c yd; sale price Yd. O57V* 6on . s sheerest and most popular summer b r8 d^rv P^^nnd In
to 25c yd; to |Q C COLORED CHEVIOTS-«0 Pcs. 46- dress fabric, one of the finest grades lm- rllcV quality. 3 -
close Yd. l^rW lnoh Aii.-pfooi cheviots and Serges, extra ported, in exquisite stripes, figures . and to 5 i nc ' hea w & e . w Vr«
-^_^v-^v--^^^--^--^-- heavy quality, dependable wearing goods, scroll designs; plenty of blues, pinks, lav- 15c 29,.. % s\*
Black Velvet Rib- ln th * correct dark colorings; /-cr-, ender. green, red. etc; sold at 20c Ckr* sale price. .Yd,: I UC
bon« satin back, the 1 " v » lue . S5c i sale Pricc.Yd OOC and 25c yard; sale price «?W «.
best 'quality; all silk: BLACK CHEVIOT— 50 pcs. All-Wool COTTON GRENADINES — 50 pos. Wide Cambric Em-.
v» 1 *K« ni«* in Black Cheviot, 42 inches wide, fast dye. a Mercerized Cotton Grenadines, a light and broidery Edges and In-
iso. i. o*»o jusce, iu gQQd wear i ng - quality, shrunk and sponged; dainty material for summer or evening sertions, extra fine ¦
t£«* fUW. tH«>* in regular value, 75c; sale prioe 40^ dresses, ln shades of pink, light blue, lav- quality. 3 to 7 Inches
¦p«^« ' •••• Td,^Ov ender. red, yellow, navy, green, white wide; were 20c,. and
T N^«. fl-OOpiece. u> NOVELTY DRESS r \ d ce black: regular value ' S3 15C 25c: p t? 12aC ,
yards. . GOODS-65 pcs. this season's best selling P "^lll"Jl'™ "•""^:""""ljL«: JL Y T. ~-
No. 6. «1^S piece, ID styles Novelty Dregs Goods (broken lines). SWISSES AND BATISTES— To _ h l,^ Edges :
yards. such as Plerolae. Crepons. etc., in the pcs. exquisite styles in Novelty Mercerized _/ d insertions '
No. 7, 81.75 piece, 10 most effective designs, that Bold at $1.50, Embroidered Swisses and Fancy Linen Ba- £r *« p«ri«i Edees— a
yards. $2.00 and $2.25 yd; during this TPZr, tistes. in light, medium and »nen "• G * *.*"" 7f nat- !
The wider widths In •*• Yd. < OC color; good value at 25c; \^\ C f"™.; weS 5te ' and
the same proportion. 5O-INCH BLACK CinSVIOT - <0 P^l^"-^^"^'-""\'''"'^'t^Jn 15c - sale price =J C :
. w- w~ pcs. extra hea-i-y All- Wool Black Che\-lot. SCOTCH MADRAS AND GING- Yd, OV
Tr.# Cc mialitv Silk fully 50 inches wide; a grand wearing cloth, HAMS— 40 pcs. imported Zephyr Ging- .— *^->^-n--^ —^->^~^ ¦¦;
Morwn rieavv aid lus already sponged and shrunk; reg- (**7 ~ hams, 32 inches wide, in pretty stripes and 500 dozen Valencl- .
trouT black bounds «!«• v al ue . *1: P^«*- Yd. t> 4 C checks, in the.scarce colorings of ox-blood, ennes Lace in pretty
wmTWt.tSZirf Si:oO GLOVES 79c PAIR-our ?S« '^yS^JaJ'SriS' t5" 15C $?^& t £2£:.
red, lavender, old roee. ladles 1 regular $1 guaranteed Gloves, the Ul " 1 :fT- P « " T w i, >t M lli£ i^f'« Tt"
heliotrope, purple, tur- best in the city— broken lines in Pique and NOVELTY GRASS LIN EN- sale price. 1-VjC doz
quoise. reseda, yellow, Overseam, 2-clasp fasteners, in white. Broken lines of finest quality pure Grass 200 dozen, were 3oc. ;
pink and white: a black, brown, red and tan; all Linen, with satin stripes and chgeks; a sale price, do*.
great bargain OQ r sizes. while they last, sale 7Q p popular and very scarce summer OK r* »°° d ?*f n 'j. w f r *,-I oc ' "¦
it lYd. -4»/C price Pair * tf C fabric ; worth 50c yd; sale price, yd -^«JW sale Drice. 35c doz.
Extraordinary Of f erings==Ladies' Suits, Dress Skirts, Shirt Waists
Sensational price reductions such as these should make the coming week the greatest in the history of our Suit and Waist De-
partment. Here are thousands of dollars' worth of this season's best styles grouped into low-price clearing-sale lota, and no mat-
ter what the loss may be, every garment is marked for quick disposal.
Jill • IT i!WIS5ftSS?EACH. 1 $16.50 TAILOR SLITS gg&
/K&iP^ Unmatchable skirt value3 C7 EtA pACH
HK^Sg that are money saving offers U*»»v^w i_*v^i« :
£S§XSm«^3 of the first order. Ladies' x,. v, nv^ trnthprpd toeether all told S\ /\ ¦
iSlli Dr T, S o^t S ro^ Ta«e°ta 3 «5 /ult, cndfmfd/ot "alU f? (\
? • styles, m ade of a t rons Taff eta , cneviot ln n avy, brown and Lr \\ ]
w^nVS,- 6^ SfffSi and KtTeven-goreNrun^W. VO\
I^^S P^.*!!.! 0 :^ $10^ n . d ?r. $ . 16 . 50 . ea su h ii $T±2 - p\
63O.OO AND ."R25.OO \
.^^^^a skir;s for SI7.50 each ctk A\jn C77 rzf\ SLITS V
J^?^^^' Handsome line of Ladies' 5^3 Af^U 3^.3U 5L! IO \ .:
Cc>* '^/&fSs§»A Dress Skirts, with new clus- rnn CI1 Kft FATH \\ •
fZ*STj£l^^M§3A ter - tucked and plain top, I UK $li<OU L.AI_,II. . V\
**^-5PiA/>" yn?TS??AV fashionably trimmed with . "*. . _«__. Vl\
rows of ruffles, interlined and The greatest of all suit bargains , I »\
r -riS^ <^>£/J^/i'TjTrff 5 V» velveteen bound; a very beau- handsome lot of styles; all beautifully I 1l\
TiLJ? J T l^>, tifully hanging skirt and the tailored and handsomely cut skirts. A*-- —rf <fW&
most elaborate ever offered for made of the finest imported fabric, in / > V^.
Tft-^^^^S-^^^ the price; .worth |30 and $23; tan. brown navy gray, rea and black / / W ' 1 TO\
M-jS?^^JttliJfJY*>^ sale price CI7.5U repular ?2a and $22 oO CIO'"' <~Ljl — ' A -1 •
*4 *==*? \ Each O** values; sale price...... Suit <J7*-^« '* | f^» **ui:
COTTON SH2ET WAISTS-This j $8.50 SILK PETTICOATS : . SILK .' WAISTS— This season's
season's leading styles of Ladies' - qe n 0 FACH styles, made of good quality Taffeta
Waists, in White Lawn, Percale and ;; *&.UU JlALrl. Silk, some of them- .slightly soiled
Madras. prettily You will appreciate these; better from
>^n trimmed and per-', when you see them. Unquestionably |5; to close, sale price ...
vOv»\& feet fitting; all the greatest of all petticoat bargains: <£|-_£^ » /*^V
JS\^*)/ sizes; were $1.50; made of good weariniar Taffeta Silk. "j^Viies' $6°and i$7 suk -- -'vft*^ ••/• ¦
\ •§&! sale Drice #\o with a 10-inch accordeon-plaited waists.^ broken lines. T**^/
Ss^' ....... Each .flounce, with ruche bottom, in col-- V<T
A* m-iof v'rtii^- ors °^ °ld rose, light blue. pink, re- cuffs and stock collars' Jxm*^
fiWM V^ oT^thissea- h^^g^^aii^hi
UllllHl I it Vrt wn'<i fin^t rnttnn worth at Ieast ?8-5O; sale CiK.On best colorings: were mJMmWiShi.- ¦
\l!Ul/IH^rVM son .l fanes i co " on price ..EachM>3«W $6and$7; B aie eo.»8 //IfliMIl^
liW///'rv-S& > \\ wai£ ts. made of im- pI t: c . . , , „ ... ¦ price ...Each ©^ — til E,f#M ( 7O©k
.» «NnA Wnorted hirfi-class Satin striped grass linen Petticoats. Extra special — 150 BJX 'WmmSriS?^
/kk'V^^dras^ and with deep ruffle flounce, cut extra %$£ V^VXt^ 1^^^^
\W /^Scotch Zephyr w>de: regular value $^; 9 g c
\rl\\\\^L Ginghams; in the sale price £<acn Taffeta silk, hem- ||J |f^^ >JJ|ffll|lt - :
V I KrZ^^V b^t colorings ln Mercerized Italian Cloth Petticoats with stitched and tucked. "WM I '" wJlW
\ I /^""^ \V pretty stripes, with the deep accordeon-plaited flounce, prettily all stylishly finished: \h? fl \MU\
\ J I )\ latest Bishop 6leeve: trimmed with double ruche and extra dust sold as high as $7 50 Wffll vS«» ""
]f\l sold up to $2 50 and $3 ruffle; in all the leading ehades; worth >and $8 50 each; sale H« Vfii
*\f/ each; sale Cl.fij $3 75 each; to close, sale price, <£f-95 price <KQ y8 1 V '
« . price ....Each «D I Each Ol— Each tJJO . :
tSTSS? £3$*."% SENSATIONAL SILK OFFERINGS \ \ h^ o l^%V^ ri ll
u!-^ P r f ™,^!h. w^* Below we present the GREATEST ARRAY of SILK BARGAIN'S ever offered by *" l £ B {^W^lltv of
lavender, purple, brown. deservedly popular department. Almost every line of this tremendous stock has been *»•¦»¦ large variety of
corise blue, turquoise uced In price to effect an Immediate clearance. These values are truly remarkable. "V^V ., A fnr .
Ck l a I^f U l! ?A 4000 YARDS CHENEY BROS. Celebrated Twilled -fUM Foulard Silks at 59c yard. «£ j££ for 35c Yd"
S»leSiee T^i I 2C Cheney Bros.' Foulards are sold by every flrst-class Dry Goods House in America. The ,j c j%£ J°r 4Oc Yd'
Sale price. Yard »-*.*• character of no silk ls more universally known and valued. The ones we place on sale
— . £, -s-^ — hJs geas^.g cho icest styles and colorings, fully 24 inches wide; were selling CQ r F anc v Jabot, itnrk
20c Nainsook Shields. up to now at Jl.CO and 85c«yard. Clearance price, they last...... Yard OcFC Collars LacV Ties etc •
S 500 y &rds A " Sllk Foulards. 24 lnche? 2000 yards 27-inch Black Swiss Taffeta, a were 50c to Jl.OO.'Saie
ir.» n,«iiri-wnrth wI<Je - fn choice designs and very best color- heavy and highly lustrous finish, the great- price O^r*
£?A -T/.^n5 ings; were 75c yard. Sale price.. OK r est bargain of the saason, worth 7q r Each ZOC
CUc yard. for..3c Yai-d r . ... Yard OOC fl.10 a yard. Sale price .Yard C OC ,—^^-w-ws_^_^-v_»-^
Horn Bones. good |*"V ' . o ,,u A — *- c, .
quality, all sizes, worth 2000 yards Silk Poplins, a fine lustrous fl B , fe p fl , ]k Bilk Arcots. . String
RRFAT VIH'P? Yard OOU- 15(» yards extra heavy qiality Black Peau
OntHI IHLUta 2500 ds A1 , suk Bla( ; k Taffeta, a good de Sole, a grand quality for dress purposes; B , fc Llb _ t N k
IN HOSIERY wearlnB qu t llty: regu!ar V lu^ 52c E0Od value at n ' 50 - Sale prl ykVi 88c rSS? with & flow-
in ntOILni 75^ Sale price Yard CF^.V* YardW " JW Ing ends: were $1.60
K'^SL R S IIWIWENSE SALE OF. WHITE BLANKETS g££ffij»£
foot, warranted fast without doubt the greatest Btanket values we have been able to offer for a year. LADIES' BELTS, ln
back: sizes o to 9; reg- _ doaed out frPm one of the leading California Woolen Mills 12OO pairs finest grades corded satin, patent
ular 20c hose. IQ., .„ -^^^^ >\-hite Blankets that we secured at a tremendous price concession on account leather, gold and leath-
For Pair »UW belnir silently imperfect — but hardly noticeable. The entire lot will be placed on sale, er, plain sold and suede
¦^nXIX^^r^I commencing to-morrow, atthe extraordinarily low price of about 6Oc ON THE DOLLAR, 'father; were 50c to
Ribbed cSttonttX 300 pairs 10-4 White Blanket, prettily 400 pairs 11-4 All Wool WhHe. Blankets «^^ch "To gg c
made of the best Maco sllk bound; worth $4.50. Sale CQ-»» extra heavy^ and fluffy; regular CO*'.
yarn. Hermsdorf dTe? price i Pair 5>^— value $6.00. Sale price Pair 3>O— ~^7lT^~£^£-
<Jouble knee and soles, 300 pairs 10-4 extra heavy White Blankets. 200 paIr8 jj-4 extra heavy finest grade chiefs with silk stitched
sizes s to 9; were g^nd value at $5.00. Sale price <CQ — ° White All Wool Blankets; regular fi?/l.»s Initials, good size; were
33l-3c. Sale |Qq Pair 3>« value $7.50. Sale price Pair O^ 10c. Sale price.. K| c
2^^^— SHEETS AND PILLOWCASES. * 100 dozen 3-4 size Irish and Scotch Napkins, X^^!U^
Ladies' Lace Striped ma( \ e by the most reliable and standard assorted styles; worth. 12.25 ant <C1- ( > 5 Ladles' .Pure Linen"
'Jfle Finished Vests. m ills for less money thap the sTieetlhg by $2.50 dozen. Sale price. J...... Doze *P * Hand -' worked Initial
nk^ly eC trimmV le w'£e the yafd - . n i. German and Scotch Table Cloths, no nap- 1 H £ ndk !l rc f nlefs l : J«™
nicely trimmed were Mx90 . >3nc Each «3x90..42c Each Wn8 t0 rnatchi therefore must be sacrificed. 12 %«- Sale price Q r
Se ...E^h 19C i?^" P »f ow^ ses «**¦•% g2 2x2 *14» Each; worth $2.25^
-I^^^^r --f -- ;^f-^H tra i^:::::::::^:^i^::wo^!i:l? k S«tt^
rthbed^fSST' dSSETel la^ 0^ H °SSl rtlTy for us™ 100 dozen Hemmed Linen Huck Towels, broken line; were 25^
En^SISisr &^ h 89c w^^^SM^c^t^gl5c
-7^-^7-^rr^r-rr silkoline; worth tl.50. Sale price VC1-18 regular %alue »c. pnee^ Ii5 3 C Pers, made of percale
Ladle? Fire Lisle _ Each <I? fl „ " xx and lawn, lace trimmed
f 12 dozen extra heavy^^Il-Bed Quilt, ggj»gg» T^ls 812^^^ fe^^^^dTh.^ere
*. — • ' — :. . .. ;•¦" '. ¦ ;
S2.50 each - : ;• ' iHiBili'illLii'i" 11 ! 11 " 1 • ««_ yar( i.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. £31/',
ADVEHTTSE1O5NTS.Argument on demurrer to the two Fed
eral Indictments against Captain John M.
Neall for forgery and embezzlement was
begun yesterday morning before . United
States District Judgft do Haven.
Neall wa« present in court and looked
a triflft worn and pale. He' had no iack of
attorneys and was represented by Crltten
den Thornton. Harclay Henley, John F.
Rlley and James Sims. Mr. Thornton
read tha demurrer and made an argument
lasting the wholn of the forenoon.
The vital point In the demurrer was that
tho United States District Court did not
have Jurisdiction In the matter, tlie rea
8f«n b»lng that Neall at the timo of the
allcK^d commission of the offenses
charged was an ofllcer in the army, com
manding tho Fourth Cavalry, and that
the offenses were properly the subject of
court-martial and, could not be tried, by
the Federal courts.- Many authorities
were cited by Mr. Thornton in support of
his contention. • ¦ .
The argument will be resumed next
Tuesday morning at 11 o'clock.
Strong Demurrer Alleging That the
Federal Court Has No Juris
diction Over Him. •
CAPTAIN JACK NEALL
MAY ESCAPE A TRIAL
METAL OUTPUTS
SHOW INCREASE
Reports for California's
Mines Will Soon Be
Ready.
Utah nnd ,T<l*iho -have made returns con
cerning their mineral output for the year,
and the showing is interesting. The value
of gold, silver, copper and lead taken
from the mines of Utah was the largest In
the history of 1hc State. The. increase in
value amounted to 24.6 per cent, principal
ly in the copper and silver produced. The
value of silver was $1",129.S53; copper, $2,
334,076; lead, $4,260,095; gold, $4,035,609. The
increase in the silver output was occa
sioned by the operations in the Tintic and
Park City districts, while the output of
copper shows a gain in the Tintic and
Bingham districts. The output of gold in
th« Mercur district was below that of the
preceding year, but the gains in the Tintic
and Bingham districts overcame this de
crease, and a gain of $500,000, approxi
mately, is noted for the gold output. The
gain In lead was about $340,000.
The Salt Lako Tribune says:
Placer mining for gold in this State is not
carried on. It will be noted that the gain was
largest in copper ore. This came principally
from the Tintic district, where many of the |
ores carry a considerable percentage of cop- j
per, and It seems wise to eo class them. In
1899 a part of these ores carried lower per
centages In copper and were classed as smelt
ing ores. It is for this reason that a decrease
is to be nqjed in the amount of pold contained
In smelting ores during 1900. The large in
crease of gold in copper ores and the decrease
of the same metal in smelting : and dry ores
is due to a changed classification of this prod
uct rather than to any actual variation in the
industry. The decrease of gold- in the lead
ores was partially due to this cause also, part
of the gold heretofore shown as originating- in
lead ore being now classed as gold taken from
milling ores. Nearly all the output of gold
originates in Tooele. Salt Lake and Summit
counties.
Mineral Output of Idaho.
The report of the United States assay
office at Boise gives the mineral output
of Idaho for the year 1900. The increase
over the preceding year is more than 50
per cent. The figures for 1900 are as fol
lows: Gold. J2.078.036: silver. $8,468,839;
lead. J4.713.C04; total. $12,107,765. The in
crease of 1900 over 1S99 was $6,129,084.
Statistician Charles G. Yale is preparing
the estimated returns for California for
the year 1900, and has been so engaged for
Borne time. His report will Include inter
esting statistics concerning the oil indus
try. They will be as accurate as it is pos
sible to make them. The showing will in
dicate the steady advance of the State In
mineral production.
Negotiations are reported pending for
the purchase of the Bullychoop and the
Cleveland mines, in Shasta County. The
properties adjoin and are on the line be
tween Shasta and Trinity counties. The
Cleveland was last worked , by W. R.
Beale. It has been under bond several
times. It is owned principally by Charles
Foster of Corning and by the Hart estate.
The Bullychoop is operating with a ten
stamp mill. It was secured two years ago
by Jerome Childs. who has been running
it since.
The Kline and Wall groups of copper
claims In Shasta County are under bond
to S. L. Jones. A. C. Hamilton. W. E.
Lester. J. M. Day. J. D. Ludwlg and H.
M. Oorham. The bond is for $45,000 and is
of eighteen months' duration. There are
six claims. Llttlo development work has
been done.
The find of anthracite coal made by F.
H. Heald, who is known as "the father of
Elslnore." is bixteen miles from Rands
burjf. Six hundred and forty acres have
been filed on. A company has been or
ganized to get out the coal.
The boom in the Wlckenberg district in
Arizona Is Increasing.
The Amador Ledger reports that an en
tirely new lease of life has been given
the Keystone mine, in Amador County,
by the recent developments. A new 20
utamp mill Is In courso of construction.
The old 40-stamp mill will be replaced by a
new one. making 60 stamps in all.
The Tuolumne Independent says the
days of '49 are being re-enacted in tho
center of Sonora on J. H. Heale's Wash
ington-street property. The lot is about
200 feet square. Several thousand dollars
has already been taken out and liberal
quantities of gold are being secured dally
through the placer mining operations that
are In progress. The ground has never
been worked before. It is where several
building* stood that were destroyed by
fire about a year ago. From six to eight
men are employed, all the ground being
sluiced. The gold is coarse. The lot is
supposed to be a part of the old bed of
the Sonora Creek. The workings are kept
free from water by two pumps which are
operated day and night by water power.
ThB Independent says It will take two
years to work out the ground. When all
the gold has been mined the rock will
be used for the foundation of a brick
business block that will be erected on the
elte of the present mine.
Mining in Calaverns County.
Mining -work is progressing well in Cala
veras County, near Angels Camp. Many
new mills are going up and other Im
provements have been made. The new
stamps are: Duchess mine, 10 stamps:
Densmore mine, 10 stamps; California
Ophlr, 20 stamps; Alta\mine, 30 stamps.
The Demarest mine 1b being cleaned pre
paratory to a shut-down, the reason of
the proposed suspension being a lack of
funds with which to prosecute the work.
The shaft is reported to be down 600 feet.
Emll Holden believes he has found a
ledge of asbestos in the northern part of
Shasta County. His claim lies two miles
west from Sims. He has a force of men at
work.
Scrlppers will meet with opposition In
Tuolumne County. They have covered
several sections of mineral land on both
sides of the Tuolumne River, below Wards
Ferry, .says the Mother Lode Banner.
Their locations extend up stream and^«ov
er numbers o,f mining claims upon which
a large amount of work has been per
formed. Protests have been entered at
Washington and the matter will be fought
to a finish. The announced purpose of
the acrippers is to build a storage dam in
the river which will hold water to cover
the land that they have laid claim to.
This, says the Banner, is possible, but not
probable. There are good mines in the
land.
The investigation of the copper re
sources of Piumas County has been be
gun. The Piumas Independent says that
P. C. Du Bois has left for Greeneville.
He will make Taylorville his headquar
ters while examining the copper belt of
Indian Township. He will examine Gene
see Valley, Lights Canyon and Diamond
¦"Mountain.
Thomas Ewingf. president of the South
west Miners' Association, has been mak
ing a trip through Northern and Central
Arizona. He reports fine prospects and
much activity In Arizona.
CentervHle. twelve miles from Forest
Hill, is described by the Colfax Sentinel
as rapidly becoming a modern raining
camp. Many new buildings are going up.
Development Work and Bond
Agreements Tell of Pros
perity.
There Is no dcnylr.s th_t a season of
comparative quiet has come to the oil In
dustry In California. No observer believes
that there will not be a recovery of activ
ity all along: the line. The truth is that
the producers are awaiting developments.
Owing to the low price for oil they have
stopped their new work to some extent.
While the demand for oil Is increasing,
there will be common expectation of a
recovery that will be gradual but certain.
The industry has passed through the first
stage, where all was inexperience, and
now the season of adjustment •would seem
to be at hand. The essential thing is that
oil is better and cheaper than coal for
fuel, and that fact is sufficient to deter
mine that the demand for it for fuel will
ultimately be great. Certain well owners
have announced their intention to shut
down after completing certain work that
they have in hand. In the Kern River
diBtrict there is a falling oft in the num
ber of wells drilling from the number
drilling a month ago.
A correspondent who recently made a
tour of inspection of the Kern River dis
trict writes to the L#os Angeles Herald
that everywhere he heard of companies
Fuspending operations for the time. Most
of them have been hastening the comple
tion of the work in hand to lay their ope
rations aside. At the same time the num
ber of wells completed in June will be
double the number completed in May. In
the- reduction of the amount of develop
ment work the modification of many of
the leases has been a factor to some ex
tent. The- modifications allow two or
three wells to be drilled during the first
year of the lease as against six to eight
*vells that the original contract provided
for. The Standard Oil Company has
Feveu large tanks in the field now. which
looks as if that company was preparing
to handle a great output. The company
when eleven tanks are completed, all of
•which have been arranged for, will be
able to store 1.000.000 barrels of oil.
Four companies in Colusa — namely, the
Cache Creek, the Columbian Parafflne, tha
Leafed l*ond and the Falrview— have com
bined to drill & well deep enough to deter
mine whether there is oil in paying quan
tities In their vicinity or not. Bach com
pany will contribute to a money pool to
supply the necessary funds and the work
win soon begin.
The Wntsonville Oil Company has be
pun to drill in the Gaffey district. Sev
eral prospect holes were drilled before the
site for the test well was selected.
The stockholders of the Eastern Star,
Central Star and Diamond Star companies
may vote to consolidate the three com
panies. A meeting to consider the prop
osition has been called.
Six companies recently filed articles of
incorporation in one day. They are the
Arcofa, the Beacon. Cunard. Dlrlgo, Tre
mont and Winner.
Recovery Along Entire Line
Confidently Expected in
Short Time.
Weil-Owners Now Wait
ing for Development
in Market.
QUIET SEASON
IN OIL FIELDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 30, 1901.
17
Purrly vegetable, rnlld and reliable. Cause*
perlest d!se«ion. coxnplet* absorption *u4
bealthful regularity. •
Kor the cure of all i«.iiior<1er» of the S«.omaph.
Lrfver. Bowe!«. Kl<lney«. tHkrt«er. Kema:« lr-
reeularitlea. Sick Headache. Billoufneaa, Cor.-
»tlr&t;on, Piles and all derangements of th*
Internal Viscera. 2Sc a box. At Drugs-lit* or
by tntlL IUDWAY A CO., New Tork.
I 1 visit DR. JORDAN'S great, '
MUSEUM OF ANATOMYi
i 1 6$ :ssi msn? ct. bet. ea«nh. s.r.cu. (
CJf The L*r£«t AutomictJ Museum in the
I ' _3o~i. World - Wukneitet or any contracted 1 I
V 52r!£?J <li»e»*e |M»»*U»rlyr«rmlbjrtheolde« '
jj re? Q 1 bpeciilut on Uie Cowl E*l 36 jetn. £
A Q&J&l OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ ?(TP)S C«n»ui!*tlon ixet »nd ftriftly prlyjte. \
m A lffi*H T" 1 ""'" 1 P"nor.»H» «r by 1'it^r. A m
W B nr^lG T^miKvc CWvia every cmc ondrruk en. \
/t T> if It A Write for Bosk. rniLOaOPBy mt A
» ii I 1 ' n*naiA<.i:. mailco rues. Uf
f Oit. JOBDASf&CO.. lOSIMarkPtSt.R. F. T
'1 ? **»^*^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Intense
Suffering
From Dyspepsia asd Stoaaoh Trouble.
Instantly Relieved _nd P/raaneatly Cured
by Stuart's Djspepsia
Tablets.
A Vtw Disesrtry. tnt Hot k rtUot Kedfcio..
Dr. Hedwell rc-latea an lnterestlntc ac-
count of what he considers a remarkable
case of acute Ftomach trouble and chronlo
dyejvpsia by the use of the new discov-
ery. Stuart's Dyspepela Tablets.
He says: *The patient was a man who
had suffered, to my knowledge, for years
•with dyspepsia. Everything he ate seemed
to sour and create gases in the stomach.
}le had pains like rheumatism in the
back, shoulder blades and limbs.' fullness
and distress after eating, poor appetite
and loss of flesh; the heart became affect-
ed, causing palpitation and sleeplessness
at night
"I gave him powerful nerve tonics and
blood remedies, but to no purpose. As an
experiment I finally bought a 60-cent
package of Staart's Dyspepsia Tablets at
a drug store and gave them to him. Al-
most Immediate relief was given and 'af-
ter he had used four boxes he was to all
appearances fully cured.
"There was no more acidity or sour,
¦watery risings, no bloating after meals,
th« appetit* was vigorous and he haa
gained between 10 and 12 pounds In weight
of solid, healthy flesh.
"Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
nre advertised and sold In drug stores, yet
I consider them a most valuable addition
to any physician's line of remedies, as
they are perfectly harmless and can be
jrfven to children or Invalids or In any
condition of the stomach with perfect
rafety. belnjr harmifefis and containing
nothing but fruit and vegetable essences,
pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
"Without any qestlon they are :h«
safest, most effective cure for Indigestion,
biliousness, constipation and all derange-
ments of the stomach, however slight or
gevere."
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBHIM.
THE EMPOEIXJM.
THE ' EMPOBIXTM.
THE ETkIPOF«ITrM.
*i fig§£8S '^FBd! "TAe Ws/te WME JPSjIIK&tfikK&H W i^*^ Catalogue Towel Safe. 3
Ir BBCGratting RflatiGFial b%th S9 — An- P^flf^^ WOriCS — cotton in the 'warp, none better to War or 1%
$• ITm* fhga FotHfBietBt thorized edition Ml *^ 5^B\>^i —¦"-¦ • fiWll' Mailed to any out- . > ore P"* 1^ ta use > {or fcotels cr fcom «' 'x
X itGi'lMiG rOUrtitm -- •; $1 2O |$3 * aSUa8 |W^ , jj sizes iSx 35 inches— we could on!y secure *J
|,«^ R , ? ,- : ,3 / ...:|,^|« Q^m^so ™ T^ m* He S
I " '« s'"xil 3 SS eaSh Pa "edit en 1O0 CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Order Dept. . %
a; •• " n x,s •¦::: : .3oeaoh - — - , o " — : .,¦ ¦ ..-^-Tr:'."' ¦_ .-.' ,.,.'¦¦• ' ••¦'"' . — - — — : — — — — £ pccipJ Sale of vs
* ;« || w/ 2 xz 1 y^....5o oncti The Summerrielcl Clothing Sa e, now in its second wee|<, again demonstrates Linen Batiste* s
5 F^fS^ : 10G ssc^ thetmporium's ability to successfully, buy and sell stocks of great magnitude— the TWmdsofya^, of the 3 oc to S oc g,ade. %
u- ¦ «¦¦;* «« 4X 6 i»?c power that the Dig store its mercannle supremacy 1 of thesc nc *» shesr labncs » m J
I ;; ;;¦ ¦¦• ««j".;:::: %%o is the t^^ts^rt^^^r ?
ft "¦ « .exs+r 6 jo four n^wly equipped and brilliantly lighted Art Rooms on second floor. Paintings, morrow oni y> P er y« j >j
I iuS$i^!plI&^ eichings water^color.sphotogravur^, etc .suitable for every home, are here dis- Special Sale of 3
*: ,». $3 so I §§§3 p Y yc " admire ~ or bliy lf you ch( ; 0^ : _ . Wool Blankets. $ .
*> Festacnir/— 10-jnrJrls. ..15o W 0 _f j£V _r I 1 " 1 *? Gra y Laml >' s W^ 01 B'ankets, " v
_T Red, white and b'ue Bunting ' va'd .... SO I S 0 # M "W f M& - -»**» — ~W « -»«- k^!^ - # _^-_, ¦ be t Calitbraia wool, jvs: the thing for camp- ,%
V Rrd, white:«ndb : usBuntin_, irepr, yird.. • #^_f _g W jMh\ "^'ifiP*- " f>^^fL Jl S_P^^^^ J* SfTW tf -T"^ in 3 , single ted or folding bed, nJly 4 »» -5
* ; .'.6C _*v'^&^- m Y^\ $^4<ffWz^^)r _• '>_^ &-4t P^^^^.^^^^^ «ntW'«- M weight, size 56x76 inches, a $3. 75 va u: — "^
£ Fancy DrapfJ PiclurisoV the Pr.sidrrt.ejcn &^Q^£~~§ )• i^^^^^*j_f ff W W # /^V" for Monday only, per pair.. Qg^Q \
I PW m Cards f Oo. WEf 'SSoSLSSUL , I
*. ft ird l^W^L ed . Em h P rf flM'-r^WW-rV^ 4>5_»#1 iX \^JC { fWp\ Hand-made Comforter,, covered- With exceTent
X the buildinsr encahca-d ''ua'.it • ' ° S 'T th \ •y^^#8n V ffl^^fV-T M+ <KU^\ '\ j I / A v \(l \ mat. rial?, tu!ted w'th b«£ German yam,
I j^-^a: 1 :":''. ":: too yf^fflfffifl£QWjflKBSl£ffl M - S|i_S___^*i.T5 |
£ 500 Note Sizz Violet Tablets-6 ? -:b ttocfe. \\ MM J Ladies' and Children's Garments and Millinery. Season goods //frfiL^ ' J^\' tSaif-PrWe* *
it i^^iiP^ 1 '¦ ™««* Con,^ ,o.da y ifyou can, but comedy day, .nd yoa ' O^M^, "--. « -_*_- «£ *«-« |
*: ; on! y »-iC 1 1 1 •' •• »| - ¦: Will ' find big bargans. <^$&>iJx<*£^ styles, in new satin stripe effect*, every ons a r5 :
%" — — %\\'l J 3 OkOtS and Silk Etons RetfUCed. . •<^ > -ji^^=-" beauty— reduced to about hali their S
*° Anfttht*9» Q_a#A _»# 't Lot '— A?8ort - d lot of all-wool Kersey." an J Covert Eton and F.y Front Jackets, o _« — ' M real vaiue, per jard % .dE&O *-
U «HUIfIC/- AeffC; UI [> , ¦ _.j S : 2CJ and co!or8) that have been | e . O3 t0 Io .oo; clean-up price &&m75 , _^ _?/_C Bnst *
».* F'iOSS PtiiOWSm Lot . 2— Asscr.edlot of fine silk and cloth Etons and Lot 5— Assai ted lot of our finest Silk Crepe de Chine, Taffeta and Peau C W Hrt«lrc " ¦ « :
h On tpecial sale, Monday on y, 600 best quality fly-tront silk- tned all-wool Jackets, in all the. newest and best shapes, de Soie Waists, in beautiful styles and finV« shades and _W_- &CIJMg BOOKS ' j» |
_,• Siik Floss Pillows, covered in brown Khaki a'l o'ors and black and all sizes, have been $10. 00 #* CZ »-y'cs, all sizes, havj been $ 7. 50 to $12.50; e'ean-up price §&.*§• 5 Of ttiO MOttthm 'Sj
it cloth, all ready for ust ia camp or, home: all and $11.50; clean.up price. .7 .-. . OOiaO ytfgtannanm s»mttt Pnttffnatn ffnrfiroarf All pnb'ished at $1.50; our price $1.2O 4
_L fuU length and guaranteed the best. Lot 3-Assorted lot of gray, and tan Raglans and our finest black lilk WrapnBfS StntM HOtUCOatti KOttUOOd. .« Th e Crisis"— By Winston Churchill, author *
f 1.8 -inch 24c 24-inch . 46c Etons and highest tailored flv-front sitk-Mned Jackets, in all colors and Lo * I— Fancy Cotton Petticoats, p.eated ruffl: and deep _ Q of "Richard Carrel." '«
_.' ao-inch 29c 26-inch! '.['.'.'.'. '.. 6c b'ick, an! three-qua:ter tan Kersey Coats, have bien 4* + 9 Jmg* flounce, regularly 75c; clean-up price The Ht | mtt of Navarre"— A fascinating $•
K 22-inch 36c $18.00 to $35.00; clfan-up price... ..." jv*_B*4r«9 Lot 2 — Assorted lot of new Perca'e Wrappers, lined waists, jtcry by Bertha Runkle. ¦ .¦»?
*C - Tailor D rosso S RoduCOd. deep flounces and all sires, r;gu'ar".y 95c; c!can-up price.. S9O "Quincy Adams Sawyer"— The best New ,^
K Enameled Ware L0t l ~ A ? orted J ot of th . !8 and las 5 8ea$on ' 8 E<on and "y-^DwWi Lot3-A g iandloto f all kinds of Summer Underskirts— seersucker, Eng'and story ever written. *>l,
% ' „ , a splendid lot of all-woo', dresses, in all colon and black, g% f- crash, madras an 1 nearsilk, in a'l torts of «trip«s and coors; a'w solid- "Truth Dexter" — A charming story of » most £
£ Specially PnGGef. have bcen 5»*-SO,5»S-O«> ™* $20.00; clean-up r rice^O«*7*» colored, mercerized saterns;have been from |l.Z5 to __ lovable character. x
V rp, ., 1 re . • , Let 2— A'sortcd lot ot our newe t t fancy trimmed and co'orcd Eton | 2 . 505 aU at one clean-up price , • 95C "The Puppet Crown"— The greatest romintic .«¦
J Ihcse artlC.es are made of fine high- Tailor Dressej, in all the best materia's and shapes, a'l colors and , , / . . , e \ . , .. . c 1 , nO vM tince the "Prisoner of Zenda " &
£ tcries into the great iteel trust rmans that op- Hnrd, trimmed and pain, beautjfal goods and ftyie?, all co'ori and MHHnory " Clcati-Up." BathlMl Suits, 5
IT ¦ clean-up jrice ..... $4m9S **• S° latest Walking Hat, fe.t r:m. ' . . .$2.25 to $* ff O J
5 j£S&3gLi2U « B^P^SSS =>»¦ M »=' "H^^):::::::::::::::::::::i|:|| 3
t? > "PPricr 0^j» 5sS-oo«J 130-00 Inmrnsd Hats (pattsrni) $11.45 1 X
_|. Tv5'. 3§\ ?§H: /r a «5ii§? /U^/I a ' li/ Lot 2— New Wash Skirts, a'l kinds, fancies, gras» c'oth and covert, \ SatdiCi '¦ BS&SitCtSa %
Vi^ /W^liP °^^JwMM plain ani irimmed, have bsen |i.7S,*x.oo,|a.as |-/» UmJCrmiMSlinS RetSUGCtim rV For Mondavon'y *
J, /' andfi S o; clcin-uyrice..., • • • \- f »° FineIvmade and °" fin * {t " a '" Vs - • _^*\ we offer hve diffJ $
' J- 85c Oval Foot Tubs ( 1 7-inch) g^ Lot 3-A^rted lot of fine new gray and navy a!p«ca, gray, navy and _ sc C or. r t Covers; cean-up price /£f c .. • J % Ti
aV 25clVrfcrat.dC0lanUVtr.iJt 19c b a^, S hevlo , tt » * a "7. >»« trimmed foulard and linen Chambwy and S oc Corset Coveis cl«n-up price 25o MSftk^^SMk entsiae* of Satchel ,j
, J •ScGraduatHMeuurnsCup..;....;. #f5 real Linen Crash Sk.rts, hav.- been f 5.00 to J 7 . S o; _ 75 c Corset Cjvers, a sorted lotjcean-up price ' 29o /fflfp^g^^ U 8 ht - aa4 5
k . 50c 5-quart fltt bottom Saucsf an J_f c „* TTvo.tli V,r oVfi.w" WrSiib'nVnV," r '^ VnA rv?j£ ?t-1*a 3 S<= Drawer*, 5 tuckei rufflsi'; cltan-up price 23c Wfc*&?&$&^ convenient for small .«
_• 2-qu.rt CofTre or Tea Pot . .. 38c 4-AsJ0it;d iOt of finest Bnllunt nes Coth and Cheviot trimmed 7 - c D awers emb ro ; dcry tucks; cl an-up price 45 G ti^&<i^S&k&\ Me ka e -. lunches 2
* 5°c 5-quart Convex Saucepan 3%b *"" T", ¦ \ nlVy ."T * ° ° '^ " nd dCtH> 8 S C Draw " 5 ' fi^ e tutk " cl ""- u P F c: • • 59c Vj^.V^.^V^ S^ . ljnchM « »J
& 30c 3-quart L'pped Sauceran. ..'.'.'.'"¦' g2n T ??t f • tf ' "^ y i7 ' 5 ° t0 CC Off 7SCvMui!in Gown, embroidery trimmed: cUan-up price. ...•¦ 45© rathin S suits, etc. M
Z SOC 4-quart Straight Siucepan V.42O J looo » ckan-up price 90100 |i. 25 fine Gowns, embroidery tucks '.'.756 ic-5nch 20c «i«, Monday 12o *
t\ 90c 17-quttt Dishpan SQo WalSiS RodlMOOtf. I1.50 line Gowns; embroid:ry tucks QSo 12-inch 30c size, Monday 22c «J
60c 8 and io-<juart Preserve Keit'ie . . . 39c Lot I— Assorted lot, of extra good Perca'.e Waists, stff cuffs, — #2.25 fine Gown«, errbroidcry tucks $1 4.5 14-inch 43c sixe, Monday , 30 C *2
f ; ,.<, . . " that hive been socj e'ean-up price.... '.. ; ...> ,...,XOC 85c lace «r embroldety trimmed Chemise; c!ean-up price ...S5O »6-mch 50c rxe, Monia/ ' 38O j*
if -^ _ _ __ _' _, Lot 2 - Our new this season's Shirt Waisti, white and' colored, that ~. ., . - ' ¦_« - . ' ._ iS-m-.h 65c site, Mcnday 4SO "l*
% Special Sate Of have been regu!atly.fi.2S. $i: 5 ? ; and Si.7Si clean-up': Qgp GMIttrGn 9 S Wear, JsckctS—DrCSSGS. X
JJ $1.35 Black Peau de Sole— A very heavy Alratross and Domodc Ponjee WaVts, in solid colors, dotted and fa.50 fine long Nairsaok S i? „... $1.45 * anW ** littery* >C
% quality, exceptionally fire grade, lus'rous fiik, summer wool Crepe Waiscs, preltiiy trimmed, and tome 00 Infants' Krrsey Jackets '.'.$1*95 Rojers B'oj." "1847 1 * !2-dv»t. satin hand' e,V:§i
X jure Lyon dye «nd warranel to OJl Taffeta Si!k Waistsj sjiti-. of these last soi ed and mu.sed, but all the I5.00 Child's Wool Covert Jackets, 6 to li y«a«: e'ean-uj prcc. »i.ver-p!atci Table Knives; jet _.-_ «
5 * w '"— M°ndav only, peryard.... XW-C other j are in th« best condition and best styles and colors, ... .' ..$3,10 of6.. $$.60 X
¦ jf *'«IO Black Satin Duchess— 24 inches wide, havebeen from*}. 5010^6.50; a'l at one clean-up price &2mYS 51.25 Wa>h Peicale Dresse-s 6 to is' jVa'ri; clean-up price.'.'.'. . .BOc Roeet« Bros.'*' "'1847'' * Al sltin —.^ 5
, Jk good heavy quaLty, tuperj hnish, only Soo Lot 4— As or:ed Jot ot best se.ling Tafleta, \Vish Silk and I'eau de Sjie J1.00 Fiench Lawn Caps, your choice; c!ean-up price. . . SOO finhh Tcispoons; set tf 6 &Ba%3O *if
yar.s_at to-mo.row's ast.nhh- #?<J W.Uts, in all colors and bhek and aU si«s, reguarly ' 25c Poke Shaker Bonnets; clean-up pike. Wo Rogen Br.i.' Al SJtn rinish'^^ —^ 5f
J i"8'y low price, per yard QUO J6,oo to £7.50; <l:an-up price SQ.35 J 3 00 IntaW long all-wool Cashm:re Cats; c!ean-up price. .51.85 Tablespoon, or Forks; se: ot 6 $2.QO *
I ¦i«&«r"^ ? -- Headquarters for Fireworks. <,Jr%Z^:Z y ,Z::x:T. s :..., I
J". 1 4-Hall noman Cnndlm 1 1-oa. TrlanRle-Wheel . . . i^v.-- ; i-Vt Et.F.rTRlc TORPKDOES-i:, j n box. p«r box 5o J
6 4 (-Ball Roman Candles 12 Blue UrMb t. • IRONTLAO TOP.PEI>OKS-3) In t box, S boxM 2Sa "2
5JC 6 l-o». Sky Rockets 6 Yellow Jackets . AtS«Sffwfmf*nt"S fnw HftntO Dff*nln\r <f H/l tt% « f ft HH gJUVgn URAQON TORPF.DOKS— 20 In » box. 3 bx»..2Jc "2
4 S-o*. Sky Koeketn 1 Hed Bengal Stick **S*SOnwnBnt& WOr nuWTilJ LflSpiay, tyiaUU 10 3>IU.UUm SILVER STAR TORPBDOES-20 In box. 3 boxes. ...Ko <_j
2 3-oa. Sky Rocket* 1 No. 1 Star Serpent Mine - ¦'•'.''?<:. CAT SCAT TOHI'KDOES-10 In box. per box M.*>o J»
I Sfc^'SKlr'iC 1 .5j. ! f 1 S,K?. i e: A-Assortmont SI.OO. E-CxhbUton Assortment $7.80. tori-edoes-, ,.r _ g
I ilSSF"""""' iiS^fi rt c°J5B?~ IH^'l-^^-Sl" ' •^"-""S 11 ""; ''«,'.„?;'„?,,.'¦¦''• ifetS^^S*"'" "-» Orackor.. : 5
J. 1 Ranger pistol .•;•'.: . 2 6^Sur Lar^e^Roman 2 "fn?n Flowlr Pots a 4-Ball Qoldro Shower 1 Home Run • «ri i .. .*"......^".ijo «
ft D-ExMbltlOn ASSOMmVnt $5.QTS. " n C '«ndlc» " ge VOmltl ll. 0 «? TrlaSwhcel fi JHb"col. C Sk n y pockets \ S Co n ioJe 1 d W Oe r y ? er Extra 'Lirw Crackwf ' sSfuK"^.'^"''^ S
I? 6 8-Star Ext. Lar K e Col. 1 Mount Vesuvius B ' j p, 0 . S Col ._ S tar Mine • I Pkwu Platol Fire Pistol Crackers (extra ....60c per 100 .<
$ g_*5K_f—. Rom ™ 'ill^ e R R u a n ce o-Asso*tn,*nt$3,5D.' . |-r L HS 1 % r^ n n K t ¦ punT^ r d" w^ c. se __^W c VeV,"::::::::^ JsSS5Sii-i5?_i : J
, ft 12 6-Star Colored Roman 1 Sun Flower a e nail rtnmin r«nHi M "' i v rt iftia V c_«. n _ n t \fi«* n6 fc .v ¦ «r
;g 6 6-oz an Sky Rocket. 1 &? n^T^ekm 4 6 EX " J % Mh , ' GolorOtl ROItlin OaittflGS. ; . Oap PiStolS. *
fc- 6 H-lb. Sky Rockets 3 Pk K » Ex. Klre Crackers * . n-ll Camnalen Can' 3 No J Miniature Bat- Per Doz. Per Doz. Per Doz. NMekel « Inches lonjr with caps.. fc *2
; *f 1 H-lb. TrlanKle Wheel 100 Redheads - 8-Ball Campaign Can- L a« P M a B le Fountain \ i tar * S 8 , 5 Star $0 M M Star. lawreW 57 Nckd. 7 lnch« lonK. with cap, ::::":::: 1 K 2
S Vwh, Jr.^ nB & Y»Ji eel X Pu W nt Ie »nd et w oo d ra, rt '« "-Star Long Roman " ' .. 1 E?ectrlc Kowfra ?S" I %\Vr \.IZZ V" " eXtr ti m Nickel! 7 Inches lonl! self-acting, with caps '. h_ -J
S i SVi n25-fi PuThf Punk and Wood Case candles Ueweled Jets IS" in sIS 1 i2SS w l"W--» 20 Nickel, finches lonjc. 6-shot. with caps i 5o 5
. jf 1 4-lb. Bengal Lights , 6 4 . 0Z sky Rockets 60 Red Heads ! 8 Star 20 10 Star, large 37 Nickel. S^ Inches lonjc. «-shot. self-artln- 25o &
! J ' /»» S £ to deliver to your hou;e bu^cur \ \g&R™Sfc& \ e £X* Fireworks cannot be shifted with other B ° mb ° ap Eipl ° derV *ZT ° r Barrel "^^ cap '"" te :?
1 ZKti£^^f^^i^t^^^i §.^^ani!^« [I^c-racK;^: F1 " goods, and edit only bt sent by /(eight or Papon Gaps. j
K vtsh to t*e them^witn you buy m the Jesst. s.net ! 8 ., ncl , vertical Wheel Punk and Wood . Case fvhr },rc J * Mammoth. SO In a paper box. per box 2c %
I ¦ Annex— rear of tht store- =,v- 1 No. 3 Star Serpent Mine $ • '. , express. Round. 50 In paper box. 12 boxes for 3 3 "^
|.J °w*«*s«™»- h. Summerfiold &~Com's Clothing dob Collars. \
¦ JJ . Un IVSOntiay BOCm ¦•• ¦::¦ . -_r___r - _,_, . V-:--: _-_ -» ¦ " • -Monday, Ju- y i, is the staxtota new fiscal >f
! _T Tme Carlsbad Chin* _ -»»v_-^ _TB #9 _9_T M f* ' -TatlM) _Tar&_Ol llB6%mS*DtB+ year for dog licenses. We have just received -J
:f Teacup and Saucer pC~I2>^\ tafafaf «»*»G7 tffff «# # Cr . Ufl *MS52 BJQJBbZMB^B . , -„ .^ . J
I S tTf^tffSow"; cr-^^__i^ The big store bought at a fraction more than half wholesale prices the entire o P t 5 t e be^T e "n i^.,,^ :5
: J .nd fancy gold band;. Vt^^^^^ of Men's and B^ys' Fine AVearingr App uel (man v t housand doMars' worth) from c^. lar «» d ° s If J«
tg XndVoni 5 '' °" theretiring wholesalers, 'H. Summcrfield & Co., ji 13 Sansome Sirest.' For a week we have been selling thJs stock at Jl™» e ™[ >^===^iJL_---^^ *
s _f ..°....... ..".*"".';'.'.*'.'.-."..".'.'." 16c 5 7c on the Dollar. The Men's Departments have been tax;d to their utmost to i properly wait on the hundreds of eager brushes, whips,' muzzles, soaps and medicine. "$
- Jf ' **"*• ' " buyen. Extra help, extra delivery facilities at your service during this sac. A<sortm:nts still comp'etj. You've neyer known pricei so low. P ain Lather Collars, from. .. /#© to 65C J€
t £ GrOCery BamainSm M6n'8 $10.00 "Saofr SlfffS — AlUhe-year-round. Boys' Three-PUc: Suitf— S« s for 10 to 15 yean of age, ma- Cham Col'ars, leather lined _?5o CO >[
•ft _T _ _*' ' weights, in Cheviots and Cassimeres, in nobby mixtues, also p'a-n ff^\ terials Al- Woo'. Cheviot and Careimeres, in and fane » mix- DM LO ' Ur8 » lined.
- » FOI* MOnaay UMy. bus and black ; wel made, every dttail carefully carried out; .1^,3, fl tur.-s, double and. tin ? le breasted vets, man-'a hioned styles; - * ' *¦* ".V JY * V ' '•¦;, ,^ Uo t0 $''25 &
- tt Hants— Our best Eastern Sugar-Cured, e i,h- r round or square cut sack coa«, with deep. French, facing^' W jU regularly worth $7.50 ; Summrrneli's sale gf*JB *%TF * «
1 |T every one guaranteed, cannot be b:u;ht tor superior trimming ; in fact, a good a'.l-round 4b g" T EZ VCf'' l' i;e • • %p^&a^m M 5Uc to $4.OO '^
f * lew than l 5 cJb;th S big store's -^ , _ business suit, worth $10.00, for. ......... J^f •#» _f»# w ,., , jif^^' jB^ n f s JM^V^of Vl'-wool materh'f, in dark We fltt license togS 01 Collars 3
specal price for Moni.y only.. .** a G Man ' HS tyllsh M5.OO SultS-rmtWor- /f^M iKN* ¦ " fcuVine sir p«, ' «at f ere. »y .ffes, «:ra strong and rr- V FREE OF CHATtGE. , ?
} J Babbitt's BO3t SOap— Mondiv, iz ste< j s> B'ue and Black Serges, Tweedi and Cheviot Suit- '7. \A V// V pints,, reguarly «94 . — •.. j«
bars..... .SOO ings, plain effects and pretty mixtures; sack coats, rounl '¦' / ' ¦ Al \ /Git ' $3.00; sale price W _T. ' m .• 25C fOf* ' " ""
* I Van Oamp'B SOUPS-]** thVthirlg or .qu.re cut, many of them with the popular military \J M V fe ;| • Men's Stylish DrOSS TPOU- _ffl Jf V Of1hg*«Sn S
}g _ for camper* an! picnicker!,- a3iort:d varieties ihou dew, the best , of linings and finishings ; perft.tly / J 'il- f\\ z *J SOPS— Made of line worlds, !n pleas- _ .„<*. U l *^^_ IIBJ! * t ' . S
. _• inseadof 10c tin, Monday, 3 tins... 2SO tailored $15.00 suits, at the lowest price tuch suits have ¦' A ?"V^|C ,'-v ing and drtssv effects, perfr>t in every de- tOliCt APZiCiiBS*
JC Ubboy'sDavliodHam-Mondw, eyj been offered m m Qff A^\\ 'JIJ^^S^ "f. lu % wof h J5-«! tf O Kff Tnesd are alt great values. *
*\ y ti££&^ :^ $
' ft pastry without eggs, brings the cost of eggs which it bought in Uie regu ar way would S--_x7V' / / \ I fl 44 chest only, ali doub!e-brea=ted, in hand- „!,„ \ *' _»«!« *
9 $ for cooking down to 6c per doien. See ! W t0 b^e so.d at fao.oo each, Worst;ds, a^A/^C S •' -Yv« ' T / 8ome P»«uns of •ilka and vilours,. worth Imutr-.i" VIolVt' 'Amrnonla "FoV'tohef .^ 5
t demonstration of cake baking in Grocery Dc- P.que 3 ,S«ge. and ; Oxford Su.tmgsm .11 WWfc\r \ ' I , _^ . M «,ily f4.00.nd $5-00 O OO £ ,^« bot5r ._« ?
-5 Trial sixe-equ.1 to ao eggs. #Oo ' " /iPl^U' "// I* TTTT fioy«* KoafOO Su!tS-Sh» from Witch Hazel Cream-Prevent, poison o,k, 1_
. 5 HalApoundsir: ; 47©' ?™?£cu^* $11.45 ¦ XU KJ / Wl/ ? /o 5 ,/,« o«/v, made of handsom: A11- S-o Z . bottle . . . 25c 3
j * One-pound tint 8OO " °" ' 'rr^/ £ : «— !_ - l >^_a«" (|Y7 /7 I // . Wool Ca simeres and Cheviot., aho Blu: Ca itcrnia Vio'et Water— Very fragrant anJ *
tt Rohah DigVGtivo BIsOUit—A Mon'S Hgn-Gn*ao avcr-i^pS^Q^dW I I A li Strgej, vests of game material or fancy lilk 'a:t:n(t, true violet odor . 2oO «
3 aV perfect, natural di S s'or, purely vegetabe, °?*{ 8 7~ hllg ' 181 ¦ Wh-pcord,-. .Coverti ¦ \\ f*U \\ "111 vestings as tr.?.rrid, well made, perfect Celluloid Soap Boxes— Telescope cover, rrcrty S
{ K ¦ that cures mett cases of indigestion,- »gu:ary. .and Oxfords, an except.onaUccUon ot.hne, j. . U , I . |. % } ]\1 fitting gxxJ wearing $ S >J^ _^_f^J shade,.... _?5o S
C f ascp.ckags; special,. Monday only.../£f 0 "¦ : rowrcoatingi, latett-lwhion/co^ri ot;Mme; Ws*te*« f # I. |- VJAjfe '• tultij during this sale.;. jp&B**jC Eastman's Bercoht Alm?nd Lotion— Hea in? £
Jf. OA0O8O-Ben Wironv. Crram Che.se, '^ tfibto'lS i te^" VVWv V f fit, ¦ flOV*' £ong Paff/S Sl/f/S-AU- -d soothing to the skin, 8-oz.bott'e.._?50 5
; I V re C ular= y , 5C; Mon^ al ..»or..,. ggg t « llat , ao . o^ r , g^^ ,;U^v [ , «^S^T?
l^ 1/miAH Qfl-in/alc .rllthemfor S1lm45 U L- J !? fancy mixtures; ««i for boys I* to 19 powier, box _>5o "?
I _T WlflfWr- Clfe&fWVa :. ................ ,. , *.?r ,f7 'T IS\ y« rs of a 6C» ™'«ly trimmed, weU-midc suit, wcrthH6.oo; tha- &• P^mar's Genuine and Original Almond S
g _T Port or Sherry Wine— Choice 75c per Rallon Bo >» Long Pants Su.U—Maas of standard Jy . /_) Stdt^ > Summerfied purchase enables us to tell at. .. _f»O <_!__> Meil Compound— Especially prepared for .J
- »£ quality; Mnnd.iy \ .. . .55o ' "'i'l'' choice lllirlc » m P rct; y P ltterns . al;o tfC^-°V_^- . . ifffJftfO toilet uie, tan 25O "2
\ _i Duffey'j Malt Whiskey— RiguUrlv '85c *"ot-' • in plain blue and black serges, and dirk . _.,; ! ¦•¦.-¦' ' 'Ij-*'*' ; '-!i'" " ; ''wi"-'' t* \i^ J.^ "'r'*-- 1 " .• A goodv quality, . pure briste itock, veneend £
J jtf tie- Monday 73© silk mixtures, with either round or square cut coat} sulti, for boys 1 1 Boys' TWO-PJCOQ SuliS—Su:» tor 9 to 15 yeas, back Hair Brush 2Jo .•«
» *" Gin«le-A'e— ThV'celcbrV^cd'Lytton'Springs, to »9 y«"i that are woith regularly |io.ooj £ ££ QJ? P"* 5 " ind nobby mixturcJ ' e11 made and <& _f Q_D Collapsing Cup— Aluminum, light and dur- £
' * regularly *i.oodo«nj Monday. ,...:75O ™^edfor this sale:;., .V.. /. 9O weU worth J3.00, 5 our sale price • 9'«9O able. ..7 .V... 25O ?
t _»,• /¦; ' ' .; ,- . vJVT 1 ,¦ ¦•/:-'¦' •¦'¦'¦ : ' } ' •••_!_:,-_¦_¦ : ' :<: ' : '"' ¦"'-' ¦"¦'• "-' '' '¦'' - ¦ '' '" ' • *By Blanche Partington.
POLLARD'S LILLIPUTIANS,
THE AUSTRALIAN MARVELS,
MAY SING IN THIS CITY.
"The Santa Fe to Merced and stag* thenc*
via Merced Falls. Coultervllle. Haael Graen.
Merced, Big Trees, Cascade Falls and Brida-
Veil Falls to Sentinel Hotel. This gets you It
at S In the afternoon, which is ahead of any
other line and costs you less. Atk at Ml Man
ket street for partlculnrs." ¦
Quickest Way to Yosemite.
Everything pertaining to the New WorM
may be easily and cheaply wen at the Pan-
American Rxposltlon, and the best way ti
get to Buffalo Is by the comfortable train
of'Cie Nlcktl Plate Road, carrying NlckeJ
Plate Dining Cars. In which are nerved Amer
ican Club meals from S5o to $1 each.. Book
free, showing pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations reserved, t JAY W.
ADAMS. P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker building.
San Francisco. Cal.
Are You "Of the Old World"?
The Burlington Route, via Denver has been
selected as the official route. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leave
San Francisco July 1 at 6 p. m. Tickets on
sale June 30 to July 1; rate. $78 50 for round
trip. July 1-2 we will sell round-trip tickets
to Detroit at SS2 23; July 3-4 to Buffalo $37:
July J0-H to Chicago $72 50. , For sleeping car
berths call on or address W. D. Sanborn. Gen
eral Agent. 631 Market street.
Official Route Christian Endeavorers
to Cincinnati, Ohio.
A man, name not given for publication, went into a church in New York City and found '•
that all the pews were free; whereupon by way of expressing his satisfaction" he gave the" church
$10,000. ¦ .. •>>£ '¦;
Judging from the reports. of Eastern .weather the summer resorts '•¦of that section, are liv-;
ing up to the title and are- furnishing-; summer, enough to satisfy the ."most ardent demand for hot
'-stuff.: ¦.-. ; -, •- ¦¦•-*..•.¦:••• ¦ .-.•• ;••••-. L; '-.^V.'tiU-*^ ¦¦¦'- - - :''.;-- ¦ •' - : -"¦'^ .-
It may be that no-international complications will result, but it will be well to keep on the
lookout. Mrs. Cease after filing a petition in bankruptcy has gone to 'England to demand a-for
tune which she claims is -hers by inheritance. 0:h .
It is said the savings banks of the United States will make on July 1 the largest showing
on record of deposits drawing interest; so it seems a good many people : will be able to' take a
holiday out of their savings this year and enjoy the prosperity of the country.
One of the novelties of the time is the organization in New York of an association known
as the "National Locomotor Ataxia League." It is an exclusive organization, as no one can be a
member whev has not , the disease; and yet all are eager to get out. Two of them in fact have
offered a reward of $ 10,000- for the first permanent and guaranteed .cure of locomotor ataxia.
George H. Phillips, known as the "King of the Corn Pit," is reported to have said: "Let
the Government tax the farmer, one cent a bushel on his corn, and with" the money build elevators'
to store the crops, paying 40 cents .basis. Chicago market for it, and the \vorld will pay the same."
A corn boom of that kind would be immense. Mr; Phillips is a plutocrat, but he talks like a
Popocrat. : . ¦...'¦ , • ¦"¦"."
The means by which she Is enabled to da
this la Mr. Hahn's system, tor when she cum
to him two years ago she had studied very lit
tle music, and what she learned has been
done in that time, most of it since last De
cember, for before that ther* was technic to
be learned. Mr. Hahn says that his system
consists simply in. disassociating the four acts
of reading, studying, practicing and playing
which the general teaching plans allow the
student to do all at once. In the first place,
the composition Is divided into its musical sen
tences of two. four or eight measures, and
each one of these sentences Is lettered,. Then
sentence by sentence, the composition is men
tallzed. all this being done before the piano
Is .touched. The letter la associated with each
sentence, the result being that th» student
knows the musical meaning before ever tho
piece is played on the piano, and the number
of hours' study required Is indefinitely dimin
ished. The practicing and playing come later
and are not arduous, as the nurd work has
been done In the earlier stages.
In the Chopin etude which Miss Richardson
played last evening the phrases took up tha
whole alphabet In their naming. Y«t Miss
Richardson was quite able, and actually did.
at a rehearsal in the morning, start at any
phrase required of her with apparently no
effort at all. Each one of the eighteen she
knows in this way, and wu able to begin and
play .at any letter called for in any of them.
Miss Richardson came from a small town ta
Ohio to Detroit and started studying under
Professor Hahn's direction two years ago th»
coming August. Last night ¦ she played with
perfect ease and with fine muslcianly feeling 1
the Beethoven sonata in E flat, the Chopin
etude In C sharp minor, the Bach prelude and
fugue In C sharp minor, the Arthur Foota
suite in C sharp minor, besides several other
numbers, the whole making up the kind of
programme that a student, returning after
several years in Europe, would be glad to gtva.
Yet there is Mr. Hahn's word and her own
for It that she knows eighteen other Chopin
etudes, which she can play at a moment's
notice, five Bach preludes, such as Mr. Hahn
Is quite willing to admit that h« worked flva
years on when a young student, and. number
less other difficult compositions. Indeed. Mr.
Hahn says that with a couple of days' notlca
Miss Richardson could present almost fault
lessly two or three other programmes Just as)
comprehensive and difficult aa that ah* did
last evening.
work of a young piano student of the De
troit Conservatory of Music, who recently
gave a recital to illustrate the method of
memorizing and study of Professor J. H.
Hahn, her teacher, Is taken from the De
trcit Journal:
SINGER WHO WILL APPEAR
HERE DURING THE OPElwx
SEASON.
Such Is the Cigarette role in "Under
Two Flaps." In which Miss Bates is now
appearing at the Columbia Theater un
der the Frohman auspices. Of the five
or six adantatlons of the frothy novel
that have appeared within critical mem
ory this of Paul Potter's (that bears also
the magic polish of Belasco's touch) is
the only plausible attempt— plausible be
cause of the freedom of its adaptation.
Flimsy enough It Is, obvious and ancient
In situation, hysterical In plot and de
pendent for Ujs undoubted success on "the
personality of the *tar. a certain bright
seas of dialogue and Its admirable stag-
We did not like Mr. Belasco's "Naughty
Anthony" here, yet it was a reasonably
successful vonture In New York, owing,
partly, to Frank Worthing's clever work
in the name role, but still more to Miss
Bates as the airy heroine. "The Great
Ruby." given by the Frawleys last year,
•was docketed In our dramatic annals as a
ecenle wonder, but without other reason
for existence, yet Miss Bates actually
made an acting part out of the seemingly
Impossible role of the Countess. It was
the same thing with the "Children of the
Ghetto." for the production of which wo
•re also indebted to the Frawleys. As
given here the Zangwlll play pleased by
Its novel material, disappointed by its
form and delighted by the admirable op
portunity It afforded Wilton Lackaye.
whose P.cb* Shcmuel was the feature of
the play. In New York, as the Rabbi's
daughter, Miss Bates again altered the
dramatic focus and became twin star
•with the picturesque priest. So It has
been with all her mature work; she Is the
etar by cheer force, weight, of personality.
Put her anywhere In the picture and she
becomes at once the Important fact, the
high light, the central interest. If the
perspective Is thus occasionally disturbed,
the. dynamic values upset, po much the
worse for values and perspective; It Is
evidently safe only to give Miss Bates
the starriest of star parts.
MISS BLANCHE BATES has ar
rived. She is "there," she is
*it," in the concise and elo
quent argot of the, street, and
to the chorus of Eastern com
mendation, to the Belasco enthusiasm, to
the Frohman stamp on her genius, is now
added that which rings most kindly in
her ear. the unrestrained praise of Miss
Bates* own people.
Mr. Belasco's "discovery" cf the Califor
nia girl last season was something in the
nature of an aftor-the-event affair: not
to say, however, that it is not by his un
erring appreciation of personality that
her genius hzs been given its most grato
ful opportunities of expression. But
Miss Bates was discovered here, a full
two years ago. and her art given a cer
tain honor In her own country, which one
Is pleased to remember at this date. We
even did a little prophesying ourselves,
myself among the chorus, based upon
Miss Bates' work in "Tf.e Dancing Girl."
two years ago. which was an extraordi
nary if comparatively crude perform
ance. It is true that the "made In Cali
fornia" Ftamp on reputation is not yet
recognlred in Eastern currency, and that
the results discount tho prophecy; | for,
although the Cigarette conception might
reasonably be deduced from Miss Bates'
Drusilla Ive3, given tho actress' extreme
temperamental mobilitv. yet "Madame
Butterfly," in which she achieved her first
Eastern ««ucoe?s. Is quite another story-
In the one case nn absolute, lawless free
dom of expression Is involved, in the
Japnne.se playlet the perfection of re
straint Is required. Jn the role of Cig
trette the dominant not<» Is unoonventlon
ality. In that of Madame Butterfly the
last essence of conventionalism, symbol
ized to a nicety by the short skirt and
palters of the one and the slim, clinging,
prisoning kimono of the other. Yet Miss
Bater. Is equally happy in either role, and
In ether parts at apparently a direct dra
matic tangent from either of these.
But throughout the conception Is re
markable, powerful, consistent and truth
ful to the last thread. By turns child,
saint, woman, devil. Is this untamed
daughter of the regiment, her mother a
camp-follower, and herself the companion
of Zouaves, chasseurs, and God knows
who, until the coming of Cecil, whom she
has Seamed to love. Cigarette has tho
manly virtues as befits her military up
bringing, and one of the cleverest bits of
MIfs Bates" work is here done, in the sug
gestion of the conflict of her boyish can
dors with the gentle craft that the com
ing of love has taught her. Sex has been
to Cigarette an Incident, not an occupa
tion, hence her supreme contempt for her
rival, the "silver pheasant," who has
done nothing all her 4ife but study th«
arts of feminine fascination, and her
contempt and the profound foar of this,
to her. unintelligible fascination, is ex
pressed with admirable Intelligence by
the actress. There are laughter and tears
in her resulting .attempts to become fem
inine, where she breaks her pipe, brushes
hair, dress and shoes with the' same
horse-brush, and scans herself in -the
mirror for the first time to measure her
physical attractions. Excellent business,
too. Is the writing of the fake love let
ter that Is to make Cecil jealous, all car
ried out with the same brilliant vivacity.
The difficult tenderness of the vlvandltre
— in the love scene, her native pride and
new humility, her pathetic fear of her old
life, her passion of delight when her lover
consents to give up tho "silver pheasant,"
her mad raga when she finds him gone, as
she supposes, to Join her rival, all is In
terpreted by Miss Bates with rare power
and charm. • and even to the banal "I
will-save-hlm-yet" climax of the act, is
made credible.
And of course she "makes a good end,"
as Cigarette s»ays of the dead letter car
rier. The death scene Is a touching af
fair, plentifully wept over by the audi
ence, but It loaves behind a desire for a
play that enall, by right of esthetic
morale, give Miss Bates opportunity for
the use of her extraordinary talent for
our artistic betterment. One does not
care to be cozened Into sympathy for
claptrap and banality and., in her con
scienceless way Miss Bates could persuade
to belief In any dramatic gold brick that
she might offer. It is not that this melo
dramatic entourage la her native air, wit
ness the "Madame Butterfly." and It is
not safe to mention limitations in her con
necllon. Miss Bates' domain is probably
bounded on the one sldo by Bernhardt in
the "Camlllerles" and by Mrs. Flake on
the other in the elusive nubtlettes of the
Becky Sharp school, but' all* else seems
open to her. Let us pray, then, for an
other "Madame Butterfly," Interdicted by
Mr. Belasco because of the unpopularity
of the double bill, and may a Callforniah
playwright have the good fortune of In
terpretation by this brilliant young wom
an of ours, and one of the biggest facts
of the American contemporary stage.
Best remembered in that day will be
the dance at the Ace of Spades, when
Cigarette, in a mad conflict of passion
and jealousy, dances out her sorrow on
the floor of the wineshop to the accom
paniment of the drunken soldiers and
camp followers' dancing and singing. It
Is an epic of rage and despair. She has
just discovered Cecil's love for the beau
tiful English woman, "daughter of a
hundred earls." to speak in Ouldaesc. and
every change in the brilliant, mobile face
tells the story, every lithe line of her ex
pressive body, every note of the vibrant
voice strengthens the suggestion of her
sense of the hopeless contrast between
herself and the "Silver Pheasant," until,
in an ecstacy of jealous madness she
falls fainting at the feet of her lover.
ing. But there Is no doubt as to its suit
ability as a means of expression for Miss
Bates. Long j after the day that will
shortly arrive when the play is buried
¦with other dramatic her brilliant
work as the little vivandlere will be faith
fully remembered and compared with that
greater work which she is soon to do.
CALIFORNIA ACTP.ESS WHO IS
STEADILY ASCENDING THE
LADDER OF FAME.
AMONG the novelties of the com
ing musical season, a children's
opera company, Pollard's Lilli
putians, hailing from Australia,
will not be the least. The ap
pearance of the Pollard Lilliputian Com
pany here is not yet a 'matter of certain
ty, but the probabilities at the present
time are all in favor of their coming.
Charles Frohman gave strong encourage
ment regarding an American tour for the
company when consulted by one of Its
managers a few weeks ago, and it is all
but certain that these clever youngsters
¦will be heard here.
The organization is a Melbourne one
and consists of from thirty-five to fifty
members, from 6 to 16 years of age. The
children are said to be extraordinarily
clever and have a repertoire of astonish
ing proportions, including such operas as
"The Geisha." "Mikado." "The Belle of
New York," "Les Cloches de Cornevllle."
"Mascotte." "Paul Jones," "The Lady
Slavey" and others, all given in their en
tiiety.
It is a little difficult to understand the
existence of the company In Australia,
where education Is a compulsory matter,
but I understand that it has only been
permitted to appear in the Wild" "West of
the- island continent. This, however, is
not the limit of the Lilliputians' travels.
They have toured In the Far East, in
China. Japan, Java, South Africa an.1
have just returned to Australia from a
most successful engagement • in .Manila.
They were caught In the Klmberley siege
two years ago down In South Africa, Io3t
costumes, settings, everything and have
generally had much more than their share
of "adventure.
The prima donna assoluta of the com
pany is a tiny miss of six years who,
among other achievements, sings the O,
Mimosa San part in "The Geisha." She is
said to be also a wonderfully clever little
actress. Another child, picked up in the
streets — the children are all of the poorer
classes— has a natural genius for odd
character parts, keeping the whole house
entertained with her own witticisms. And
there are clever dancers galore in. th«
company, good singers and actors that
compare .very, favorably with their elders,
and In addition to their operatic attain
ments the Lilliputians are accomplished
voudevilllans. Some idea of the work in
volved in the training of such a 'company
may b« had when It Is understood that
alt their parts are learned by. rote, none
of the children reading written music, and
a few of them, including the six-year-old
prima donna, not even knowing how to
read and write. Yet they memorise cor
rectly whole operas, words and music,
gesture and dialogue, becoming thereby
unconsciously educated, and in spite of
the apparent moralities of the case the
Lilliputians must be considered compara
tively fortunate In their career,, when
their origin/ and former environment are
remembered. It will gratify several sorts
of interest if they do make their appear
ance here, which they will,, if at all, most
probably In September.
Most of the above rather scattered In
formation I obtained from A. R. Moulton,
former conductor of the leading Mel
bourne theater, the Princess, who is now
In town. Mr.' Moulton conducted the chil
dren's opera company on one of its tours,
besides helping materially In Its training.
The conductor, la himself a« composer of
some note, with two light operas now in
hand that he is anxious to place, "Lela
mlne" and "The American Girl." "Lela
mlne" has already received Its copyright
performances in England and has received
considerable praise from well known mu
sicians. Herr Meyer Lut* of the Gaiety,
London, said of it in a letter to the writer:
The music of your serlo . comic opera "Le
lamlne" Is certatnly moat taking. The libretto
Is rood, the music pretty. You may tell any
manager I have said" no. The song "Dilapi
dated Don" is an extraordinarily funny sons,
and the patter sons is the most remarkable
patter song; to put before the public Your
lyrics rood, your dialogue good, and the ideas
remarkable. If It takes, it will take with a
crash of thunder. I will talk about It to Ed
wardes at the Gaiety.
It seems, however, that "Edwardes of
the Gaiety" .was crowded with other
things, and the opera is still open to pur
chase.
• ¦ • •
The fine tenor Agostini will be heard at
the Tivoir during the coming grand opera
season. His delightful singing in "La
Boheme," when It was first given here bv
that company of shabby Immortals, the
Del Contis. Is still a matter of pleasantest
memory.
i The following Interesting account of th©
COMMENCEMENT ADDRESSES.
WEATHER reports from the East show that the cold spring has been followed by a
summer of unusual severity. We read of forty-one persons prostrated from heat in
New York in a single day, and that, at night the tenement districts reveal thousands
of men, women and children lying on the sidewalks, balconies and roofs trying to
find 'sleep and rest after the exhaustion of the day.
Throughout the Mississippi Valley matters are about as bad as on the Atlantic Coast.- A
recent dispatch says: "Men. women and children are dropping on every side in city and in
country. Cattle shipped to the slaughter-houses at Chicago are taken from the cars dead, and
powerful horses sink down on the pavements and are shotto put them out of misery."-
Through all the sweltering season the cheerful optimist tries to keep cool. He admits that
the weather is hot, but he insists the world is still beautiful. Thus the Atlanta Constitution man
says: "Too hot for thinking, too^hot to write, too hot to quarrel, too hot to fight, too hot for
talking, for riding or walking — but the world's out of sight/'. s
In Boston the philosophers of the press advise their readers to forget the heat, the the
ory being that if a Boston, man can forget a trouble then the trouble ceases to exist. ' Conse
quently all New England is getting plenty of advice to "forget the'heat, go slow and think, cool
things/' One transcendentalist sings a song of consolation' to this effect:
1 ,"- • Where Venus and Neptune and Mars are;
Though it's hot down here about half of the year,
It's cool up there where the stars are. !
By ceasing to work, by sleeping on the sidewalks by thinking cool things and looking up
at the stars, a. good many Eastern people may survive the heated, season; but if they be wise they
will come West next year and spend the summer in a decent climate.
HOT TIMES IN THE EAST.
\ -"\ / ITH the commencement season in our colleges and universities the scholar who pos
\ f\ I sesses any faculty of oratory has the attention of the American people to a greater
Y y degree than at any other time. In fact, so numerous are our colleges and so great
is the public interest in the annual graduation and other exercises attendant upon the
commencement week that there is hardly any portion of the people who have not been more or
less under the influence of the scholars who have been called upon to make addresses.
President Hadley of Yale in the baccalaureate address at that university pointed out the
great change which has taken place in later years in the world and in its demands upon men of
culture. He said: ''Three hundred years ago the man who left college to go out into active
life found a wide range of careers open before' him. No social 'barriers or conventional re
straints restricted his choice between good and evil. , If he were bent on nothing higher than per
sonal pleasure and adventure, *hc~ might turn buccaneer and sail for the Spanish main on a career
of piracy, or he might become a soldier of fortune and engage himself for years in wars which as
then conducted were little better than piratical: or he might attach himself to the fortunes of
some great man whose followers countenanced one another in a career of dissolute case. Any
or all of those evil . things he might do without forfeiting his hope of what the world called
success." ..
That statement of the conditions of the past serves admirably to reveal the immense ad
vance that has taken place in social conditions and in the moral standards by which men are
judged. As President Hadley pointed out: ) "We live in a f world where, the nian. who would be
successful in serving himself must at the same time be occupied in serving others. We no longer
respect the pirate, the soldier of fortune or the libertine. The careers which appeal to ambitious
men are careers of large public service, whatever may be the underlying motive with which such
service was begun. The fact that we have been able to secure tlrs degree of coincidence between
selfishness and unselfishness is- the most important characteristic of modern civilization."
The bright picture which our age presents when contrasted wjth the conditions of the
past has not, however, led our scholars to look upon it with complete satisfaction. Dr. Edward
B. Coe of New York in addressing the graduates of Radcliffe College at Cambridge, Mass., "re
minded them it is an error to suppose that intellectual culture makes beautiful lives, and that
sometimes knowledge is like the ornamentation put on an ugly building. Dr. Buckham of/the
University of Vermont told his class that society and humanity have the right to expect service
from every individual. ''Some men," he said, "have no right to live, in a community because they
make themselves no part of it." That doctrine is pertinent to every American community, for one
of the great evils of American life is that men of culture and of wealth neglect their political and
other public duties. It is to that neglect much of the weakness of municipal ' administrations is
due, and the right of a community to command the service of all its citizens cannot be too often
emphas : . v .ed.
A strong note of warning was sounded by Wayne MacVeagh in an address before the Phi
Beta Kappa at Cambridge. He spoke of the widening gap between the contented and the dis
contented class of our people, and declared that eventually these would constitute the two
great political parties of the country, the. one representing property and the other representing
labor. In that conclusion Mr. MacVeagh will not have many to agree with him. There are no evi
dences that all men of property will ever agree upon a platform of content, or all laborers upon a
platform of discontent. Upon another point, however, he will have more support. In speaking
of the growing indifference of our people for the weaker races of the earth he said "that no single
member of a weaker race can.be killed; no hut of such a race, however humble, can-be burned;
no one can be selected for especial honor for his part in such pitiful warfare, without its helping
to light the torch which starts the fire by which some hapless negro is to be burned at the stake
in our own country, not only in defiance but in contempt of law! and ..all such acts must be surely
followed by greater insecurity for the surplus wealth whicli the contented class possesses."
The examples., cited serve: tq Ishoyvv the* general -tenor -of the criticism which scholarship has
to pronounce upon life. :. It is; not without its 'word "of. warning, but on the whole it is encourag
ing and hopeful. Hardly a single address that has fallen under. our observation has been of, a
strictly academic nature. In all parts of the country the Commencement addresses have ex
emplified the scholar in politics and'given proof that' the- universities are taking an active interest
in all that affects the welfare, of the.nation and.the,people. ¦;,¦¦;- hi ; .;
It is announced that Porto Rico can pay her own expenses and will not need the revenue
derived from the customs duties imposed by Congress, and the free traders are therefore demand
ing the repeal of the duties. It seems to he overlooked that governmental' administration is not
all that Porto Rico needs, and that a considerable revenue can be used every year in the main.
tenance of schools and roads. v . . .
THE SAN£FR/VNCISCO GALL,
JOHN D. S?R ECKELS. Proprietor. \ . ' Address Communications to W. S. . LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ........;...^...................;. . ............................. JUNE 30, 1901
Publication Office ..'. <t^§|||ffiji> -.'I .Market and Third f S. F.
By Qulsard.
BLANCHE BATES COMES
BACK A THEATRICAL STAR
OF THE FIRST MAGNITUDE.
18
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL;- SUNDAY, JUNE 30, 1901.
Fourth of July rates to StocKton. Fresno,
Vlsalla. Hanford. Bakersfletd and all point* or
the Santa F» Valley Una. :/ Tickets on sal« July
3 and 4 at *U Market st. and Ferry Tte*«t
Otflc*.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. • •
Best eyeglasses, specs., 10c to 40c. Look
out front barber and grocery, 81 4th. •
Cal. Rlace fruit 50c per lb at.Townsend'a.*
Cholcecandles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*A clever ••vlndier bus l^en victimising
¦everal business houses and hotels in the
city by R^curinK various email amounts of
rnonfy on fraudulent army dlachnrgc
papers. HI* «rhem»* is to represent him
eelf aa without funds but with final state
ment* on which !arsr« lumi are- collect
able. He r^m th«» r»ap*r» for a few
dollaro and investigation r*vea!» th« fact
that they nr« forgeries. Th« police «r«
on the- track of ih* culprit.
Police Searching for Swindler.
Rachael Friedlander; filed a contest yes
terday to the will of her late aunt, Julie
Bernard. The contestant avers ' that' the
deceased -was of unsound- mind when she
executed the will in auestlon. Decedent
bequeathed ths bulk of her $6000 estate to
her nephew, Dr. Jules A. Simon.
Contests Her Aunt's Will.
Thomas Manning, a young plumber, who
threw a lighted lamp at his wife while
she was In bed with her baby in their
room on Third street, appeared before
Judge Lawlor yesterday. The Judge con
sidered there were mitlgat4ng- circum
stances owing to Mrs. Manning's conduct
and thought a sentence of six months in
the County Jail would be ample punish
ment. • , ¦
Manning Gets Six Months.
Rudolph, Count Festetics de Tolna, has
filed notice of appeal from the Judgment
rendered by Judge Bahrs granting Ella.
Countess Festetics de Tolna. a decree of
divorce on the ground of cruelty. The
notice of appeal was placed on record by
the Count's attorneys, Loewy & Outsch,
and if It has no further effect It will at
least stay for several months any action
which the Countesa may have under con
sideration regarding matters affecting her
heart and hand.
Loewy & Gutsch objected to the trial of
the Festetics case when it was called be
fore Judge Bahrs. They wanted further
time to prove that the Count was Justi
fied in keeping his wife aboard the yacht
Tolna and was also justified when one
morning he caused a young- lieutenant of
the cruiser Philadelphia to make a hasty
departure from the Tolna in the dingy.
Judge Bahrs, however, refused to grant
the stay and in consequence an appeal
from the judgment has- been taken. In
event the Supreme Court reverses the
Judgment and sends the caso back for
trial it would not be surprising If the
Count should suddenly appear in person
to conduct his defense and explain a few
things about which society and the pub
lic in general has long been guessing.
Will Take His Former Wife's Divorce
Suit to ths Supreme
Court.
RUDOLPH , COUNT FESTETICS,
FILES NOTICE OF APPEAL
With I\e\\mert of Copenhagen, Den«
mark, a poet and novelist who la now on
a vtult \<\ Uils ptuft was tendered, a hene.
Hi last night at ifnerman ,* (May Hall by
the local l)anl»h socletipn, An exrellenv
programme, was >pnner«>n, The n^nent
was under the mAnag^ment of Italvor
Jarolipeni «B»*lHte«1 by numerous members
Qt ihe vnrlous eoeletlw.
Benefit for a Poet.
Good-By to Fast Master.
At th«> lant mcptlnir of Triumph Lodge,
Anclfnt Ord«r of United Workmen* John
Hartley, past master workman of the
lodge nnd for a numbrr of tormB district
deputy grand master workman, whs
tendered a farewell reception on the eve
of his departure for Hebu, Tlllamook
County, Oro. Thoro wen* present 11 num
ber of the members of the. lodges of the
district In which Mr. Hartley was deputy,
Hlito memberu of Court Star of the weat,
of which the guest of the evening la a
nnat ohlof ranger. The last named organ«
Isntlon presented Mr, Hartley a very fine
gold medal of the rank of past chief
ranger, after which Paat Masters F, J,
MaRuIre, J. M. Cattran and John Herring
were appointed a committee to prepare
» set of resolutions exfireaslve of Triumph
ledge's appreciation of Mr, Hurtley'a
worR and regret at his determination to
leave the Htnte, .
Low Round-Trip Rates West-Bound
for HOME Seekers.
One limited fare, pU\» f2, from the Want
to California and return, via Southern
PaclttPi on hom«»«iieekerB' exeuriMona, aemtm
monthly, thin summer, Southern Papihg
AgtMtttj will I)* Hlttfl to, !tm\leli free t'ulu
fornlR literature fop Iswatern frlenda and
acoeiu rtenoslts for tickets, Hhort'lme
jfretn All the principal "ttantern 1 flue*,
T«ttrl*t exeurpWiiis perDonnliy enndupieti,
Call en nearest agent Houthern 1'aelrte,
The mustering out officers at th« Pre
sidio have completed the ¦ rolls of the
Thirty-eighth, Forty-fourth, Forty-«ighth
and Forty-ninth regiments of volunteers
and have made everything ready for the
task of mustering the regiments out to
day. The clerks have been working day
and night on the rolls and only succeeded
in completing them at 6 p. m. last night. •
To muster out four regiments In one day
is a task that has never before been at
tempted by army officials. It will require
the services of eight paymasters to pay
the men the $1,500,000 that is coming to
them. Majors Newbold, Kllbourne, Bel
knap, Ray, Rochester, Gambrll, Schofield
and Kelleher, paymasters, United States
army, "Will distribute the coin.
Eight "Doherty" wagons will be sent
from the Presidio to the Sub-Treasury
this morning to haul the money to the
camps. Each wagon will be under the
charge of a paymaster and his clerk.
Forty-live artillerymen, mounted and
armed, will escort the pay corps und
wagon leads of treasure from the Sub
•Treasury to the reservation.
Troop K of the ivift»entn Cavalry will
protect the soldiers on the grounds. The
one hundred men of, tho troop wilt be •sta
tioned around the reservation to prevent
tho hordes of soldier robbers from swin
dling the dlachurgtxi volunteers.
Cuptuin IS, L, mker Jr. ot the Forty
nlntii Infantry (colored) presented Uen
t'ml Shaftvr with a small cannon yester
day which hud boon given to him uy the
natives of Northwest Luzon. Tho gun
whs one recovered from a bpantsh gun
bout which hud been wrecked near Manila
moro than one hundred years ugo. Cap
tuIn Baker verved under Oenerui Shntier
in Cuba us u t>i<igonnt major of the Tenth
Cavalry t »nd OtroUKh tltu recommpmln
tion of (•..¦n.Tul Sim ucr wMSKtvcn h uup
twin's cominltuilon In the Forty-ninth In
fantry, Hergcttnt Hunter, who served
with Slmfter on the Klo Uninde. nccom
panted Cuptuin lluker when the prcnontn
tlon wns made nnd received n kindly
grootlng from his old commundcr.
Tho Tonth Battery, rtuhl artillery, which
arrived on tho Pnk Ling yesterday, w«»
UiiiiHiVi r<-il to tho TroHidlo Into in th«
afternoon. This Imttory Is onn of the
tnoKt fnmouH In the army, having & repu
tation for hravory which Iti enviable. H
Is known as' Rellly'g Uattery, receiving Its
namo from Its late communder, who was
killed in action in China. Thn buttery
will remain at th« Prefeldlo until the lat
ter pnrt of next week, when It will ba sent
overland to Vancouver Uarrucka for duly
nt that post.
Kvrry on« wns busy at army hendnv>«r
tern yesterday nrrnnglng for the retire
ment of Major General flhafter, which
taUi>H pliicfl to-day nt noon, Ho will b«
rellevea by Major General 8, Jl, M, YnuriK.
Invltntionv to witness the ceremony have
been Issued to many army ofllcers. Mayor
Phi'lau, John V, Irish, Genenvl Warrteld,
Irving M, Hcotl, Colonel Heck and many
other prominent civilian* also have been
requested to be present, Th« army uttl«
eera will appear In undress uniform,
A collation will he served, \\\ th,a nfflpa
of the commanding general for (ha deieo,
ttttlon of the frlentia of Hie retlrlns major
tjtMHU'Ml,
• Major Carroll Merc«r, who has been
honorsidy dlBcnaraPti from Hie volunteer
service of th» ui\Jtet\ KtateH, will remain
In P«ti i'MMieteeti niiti Into m*n»aH»
<ll« llfft. H^ Iihh hosts of fr-lemiB mr* %
vtw win be pleased to Hhow tnal ha In to
I'pmRln here,
Paymasters Will Distribute
$1,500)000 to Discharged
Volunteers.
Four Regiments Will Be
Mustered Out To-
SOLDIERS WILL
GUARD TREASURE
The Southern Pacific, according to reli
able authority, has decided-, to proceed
with the new Salt Lake cut-off by which , (
the, line between Ogden and Lucln wlU
be shortened thirty-nine miles, besides
gaining a greater directness and l«ss
grade*of the track. The present distance
between* the two points Is 146 miles,
which th4 cut-off will reduce to 107 miles.
A preliminary survey last year was fol
lowed by. a thoroughly unexpert body of
surveyors, who decided that there was no
obstacle to the proposed plan that could
not easily be . overcome.
The project: involves building a track
crossing the Great Salt . Lake from
Strongs Knob, on the western shore, to
Promontory, a distance of twenty miles.
This track will be built on trestles. At
Promontory the survey runs through two
miles of rock and earthwork, and thence
to the east shore of the lake, ten miles,
Involving altogether thirty miles of heavy
trestles. The expense of building the track
over the lake will be, the easiest work
that will be required on the new route.
The lake is very shallow and the bottom
Is nand, and driving piles will be easy.
The now road from Ogden »to the lake,
seventeen miles, requires ordinary grad
ing., with but one bridge, over Webber
River, of any consequence. At Promon
tory heavy rock will be encountered, aa
nt Strongs Knob, which la the only point
on the west shore where the cut-off can
enter tho lake. From Strongs Knob to
Lucln Is flfty-elpfht miles, in which the
northern end of the Urent American Des
ert 1r excised. Th« rise will be 600 feet
to Lucln and fle.vente«n from tho east
shore to Ogdein,
Compareu with the, present Una the
ndvamttgo of grndo In the new cut-off Is
very grout, being less than 1 per cent.
It Is entlmatort that the time thnt may
bo Fftved by ahortenlng tho present line
between the two potntn will bo from two
to three hours, besides grent saving in
oporntlnK expenties,
The new cut-off hns nlrendy been Incor
porn toil as the Ogden nnd Luctn Railroad
Company.
Will' Save Thirty-Nine Miles'
. Travel and Reduce Its
v Expenses.
WILL SHORTEN
LINE AT ONCE
Southern Pacific Will
Cross Salt Lake on
Trestles.
The enforcftnent of the penalty In this cn»«
muat' Ktunit palely upon tho provlHlcm* of tfcft
act of the LfRlnlfiturr. In »o far as th« con
tract Itself wwumes to prnvltln for »ueh t>*n
nlty, »uuh contract, without th<» s>»nctton of the
net HUthnrUInK It, would undoubtedly ln» void,
»lno«> th»» ftlpulMton In uuMtlun la clearly one
(or « forfeiture or i><m«ity anil not for liqui
dated dnmngpa.
Ths pnymtnt In not Intended to be mM*» to
onn of ilir iMituriu'ilitK |iartlen In lieu rtf <hitu-
Mffen, ulnoe no iwsunlnry dnmoKea would «o
true to th*> Stntf or to thn Htt\ti» Hoard of
Harbor Commlaalontri by a vloUtlon of thl»
BtlpuUtlon,
tn a rorent ««»« tt wnn held thnt th* mw,
no far n* It munwtud to create n rrlmlnal of
fenae, wn» void. Th« act now undor (IWouaalon,
while tt tloea not declnr* thut it violation uf
thr> mmo *hftll ho n mlndemeanor, nevertheless
ilrcimoK thnt ouoh vtoUtlctu U unlawful and
nfnxrn a penalty tn It. Tho net numl he deem
od nt l»Mt «j»nM.rrlmlnal, •••
If It h« lncomi>etrnt for n leglalntlve body
to nay that the performance, of a certain con*
trust la a criminal offenne, auhjeotlnir the. i>er
uon rommlttlttK the nft to a fine of not leas
than $tO nor mor«» thnn $M, nil did the ordi
nance In the case referred to. It muM be, equsl
ly hryond the. power of tht t<e.gUlature. to pro
vide that *. person performing that act (hall
b« liable- to pny a penalty of $10 far e«oh per
formance of It. Tho offrnufi -jewua to be ma
clearly criminal In th« one caae a* In th«
It In a\igt(eited hy rnuniel for de'fendanta that
the. rule laid down "ahould he further oonald
ered by our 8uv>reme t;o«rt," However tma
may be, It l« apparent that \mtll the Supreme
Court »eea fit to reconsider the- quealton, Ita
decision la Wndlntf upon tha lower oourta,
The plaintiffs claimed that they had not
violated the eight-hour law when actually
engaged In furnishing the building, but
only In the preparation of material to be
used therein, which work was done out
side. Two points were made on behalf of
the plaintiffs: it was contended that the
statute in question had reference only to
work done within or upon buildings under
coui'ho of construction under Statei con
tract, and, secondly, that tht» statute pro
viding tor a penalty of $10 per diem was
unconstitutional. These contentions are
held to be correct by Judge Slosa, who
says:
' Superior Judge Sloss handed down a de
cision yesterday declaring unconstitution
al the law fixing a day's labor under State
contracts at eight hours. The decision was
reached in the action instituted by. L. &
E. Emanuel for a writ of mandate to com
pel the Board of Harbor Commissioners
to pay them a balance of $1800 due on a
contract for tho furnishings of the new
postonlce building at the, ferry. The con
tract called for the payment of J274&. The
board advanced 5945, but refused to pay the
balance on. the ground that the plaintiff
corporation had violated the eight-hour
law, and the sum withheld," $1800, repre
sented tho statutory penalty of $10 a day
for violations of the'law, it being alleged
that the plaintiffs had violated the con
tract on 1M) days.
Orders Harbor Commission
ers to Pay tHe Claim of
L. & E. EmanueL :
Judge Sloss Holds, aa It
Affixes Penalty, It
Is Illegal.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW
DECLARED VOID
brisk. Before the year is out the Flood
buildlr.fr, the Crocker hotel, the Mutual
Bank building and possibly the great
structure on California. Leidesdorff and
Montgomery streets may be well under
way. The announced intention of the dir
rectors of the new Merchants' Exchange
Is to tear down t..e old structure on its
land and begin the new one as soon as
possible. Th* largest improvement an
nounced in the last week is |he construc
tion of six modern Hats in two buildings
on the south line of Kills street, corner
Lacuna, for Mr*. Sarah Greer, which will
cost about Jis.iHHt.
Recent Sales Made.
Q. II. Umbsen A Co. have sold for W.
D. Glldden, John Hlggina and Louis Hoof-
Irr to Harvey H. Duna. who was repre
sented by Hooker & Lent, 66 feet on Genry
ntr<K»t nnd CT:« fee>t on WlUlntn street, for
k hotel Bite. The price \vn.n about ISO ,000.
Uovee, Toy & bonmnit have sold to
•lanii's A. McNVarny for the l\\olllo Syn
dicate a tract of SH2 «u*r«>8. with Improvo
monts, KuluinttHl loin toon nilKt* from Su
nol. for fcB.MW.
ThomitK MnKce * Son* have sold to Hur
ry J. t'lVHWfll for 17500 n lot, with 1m
provrmonts. 30xS« feet, on the t««»t line of
\\>bi«trr iMrrri, S7 foot nouth from l'aclllc.
avenue; nlmi two lot*. 2^x117:3 foot cuoh,
on the north line of Union Btroot, 74 foot
«nst from Prnukltn street, to 11. u. Bum
mers, for $3C0; &0xS7V> f«*« J t on the north
llm> of Kills utrirt. S":0 feet ouxt from
Jones, for rimrles Butro, for $3300; also
the Judge T. H. MucFurlaud residence
and lot at 1*18 Washington street, 40x1*7 :S
fret, for Charles Uluthnm for $ll,r>00.
A. M. Hneck «v Co. h«v.< sold lot S?:tix
120 feel, with lmpn»vemonts, at W5-37 Me-
Allloter street for Mrn. Felff, the price be
ing tsiflO; also lot 40xK0 and three houses
at 21W1-10 t»'P«rrell stroet for Morris
Frank to Otto Urundcl for W7H0.
Flats, Houses and Lots.
Bhalnwald, lluckV>ee & Co. have sold
the residence at 2310 Van Nesa avenue,
• wtlh lot 5S>:3xta. for $l2,f>00; lot on the
•outh line of Valencia street, 100 feet weat
from fourteenth street, SSxiao, for %2&*>\
lot on the east line of KranHlln street,
55 f.t- 1 fcuiiili from Vullujo, &SxU2l;0, for
$tn,out.
Lytm ft Hoag report sales aa follows?
•Hire* new flfttp m the we«t Hue of ivvU.i
dem fcirrri, i>i n iirt north from HaUht, *»<M
fiT U rVieiilnniler \n Mrs, I?, U Hunley fur
»'.i.'i«i, (hree new Hai» "ii Die west line >'i linker
tuer i, H& fein nrtrth fr«m !?**», for H^M^i
».,itieo anil l«l on \\\» hurth Una of Tw?niy«
«ev«nth tsir****, W feet w«>t fprnn Uo|or«». s^l'i
f«T O, A, HrtWP, fop ISftrOl l«« JSmtW, north ndi*
tif illicit Bii.-ri, f.,- reot east fmtn r--ifinri, |i»M|
two let*. e«ph Bhjil*', on we»» *l>1e «f Mlnnwi>»tfl
Hreot, liS tpp{ huHh fftun Twfntjf'W^nrt, t\i\*\
eaihi Itit ertuli^, «H wpt»t (Me nf MUnl^i-ImM
fir^t, S&e H"Hh fptim TweBii^nfth, l<&nt lot h\
iw. weet tid» of Mte>*tiuH str»«>t, M BftHh fnftm
!»l*iHeeHth, *iwi«t lot «Hti tHit»rdvpmt»«t# nn the
p-uiui Piii» «r t't-iiii l«>i«"« kv»nu@. M:i »a»t
frem Mnfeoni>j «vpbu*, liniW' new emta**, with
Sol SSklim, on «mn *U\* »t \Vlnt«nfl»lh »tt-«»§t, STS
fppt hollh rWHi TWPhtV'rtflh, liteOi itH ttkiST:*,.
nn the eolith bM* of MllwH Rtrwt, 1RJ feet PftSt
from Bteltief, Mtii l»t M:6x5*;e, on the smith'
ca«t cottter of Cole and Frederick street*, |i000. |
Vnriou* Localities.
F. P. Surrhyne report" the following
vales :
Three stores and pev*n tenements on lnt WxlCO
feet «t Koe. 558 to 65$ Sixth street, for $12,000!
lot and house, SOxlf. on the Bouth line of
Twentieth street, 50 reet west from Guerrero,
for foOOO; southeast corner of Guerrero and
Eighteenth street*, 23x109, for $X3C0.
Sol Getz & Bro. report sales as follows:
Cottag* and lot on Ninth avenue, near L.
street, to H. Newman for J1S5»; cottage and
Jot on Twelfth avenue, near J «treet, to Mr.
O'Brien for $1400; lot 25x120, oj» west line of
Ninth avenue, 225 feet north from J street, for
fgOO; lot 25x120, on west line of Eighth avenue,
225 feet south from H street, for $900; lot 50x190,
on north line of I street, 57:6 feet east from
Seventeenth avenue, for $900; lot 25x120, on east
rtne of Twelfth avenue, 250 feet N from J street,
for fSOO; lot UOxlM, In O. L. block 726, for $1200;
fcouee and lot in block A, Getz Addition to
laksvlew. fqr $1200.
O. F. Von Rhein of the Von Rhein Real
Estate Company is back from a tour
through the West Indies, Venezuela and
Europe. H« has been away seven months.
Willis Polk has associated himself with
D. H. Buraham & Co., architects, of Chi-
CSUgOu
Two stories will be added to the Divi
dend Mock, on the northwest corner of
Pine and iildesdorfl! streets.
The Callasrhan estate Is leveling the
block between H and I streets and Tenth
and Eleventh avenues. The property
owners along' J street between Ninth and
Fourteenth avenues will fill, grade and
s«wer as. soon as the citj''s sewer work
isj commenced.
J. E. Hill is building a one and one-half
story residence of six ftoms on Ninth
avenue, near K street.
The Government has contracted with
John Flaherty to build the surgeon's resi
dence at th» Marine Hospital. San Fran
elsco. The contract price is $7130.
5300,000.
Building operations continue to be quite
No very lart?e transfers of realty not
previously mentioned have been placed on
record during the last week. Neither
have many sales reported by the brokers
been in large figures. Still the market Is
movins on. and all the Indications are
favorable that the last half of the year
may be a record breaker. Just now the
parties who have been largely interested
in the deals in business property — the
leading feature in the realty market In
the past year— are off in the country.
Dealers do not look for much stir until the
vacations are over. Up to the present the
market has held up remarkably. The re
corded transfers of the week approximate
Vacation Brings Lull, but
Only for Period of
Few "Weeks.
Outlook for Realty Good
With Many Deals
to Come.
MARKET STEADY
AND PROMISING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, V SUNDAY, JUNE 80, 1901;
19
advehtiseiottts.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Appllcp^lon.
DR. NG TOY KEE.
DR. NG TOY KEE.
/T ' X 210 STOCKTON* ST.. OFP.
Lt * \ UNION SQUARE.
EmJk ¦ M1LLBRAE, CAL,..
ft? "V jR Dec. 10, 1900.
V^ *j Dear Sir: For thirty
\S—> Jr years I have suffered eo
ir\^\ |O" that at times We felt al-
Z^fJPi^JL ' most unbearable. The dlf-
**f4Pi --SjPt&iSSa lerent physicians I consult-
* A&x$T could K've me no relief,
yVT^/(t.(Jr*4sf pronounced It a compllca-
*^EZxfj4r tion of kidney troublee,
¦"¦'' etc I vaa constantly
feverish, pain In my Bide and had night
cweats. I am happy to say that with a month's
treatment and your herb medicine I am to-
<lay a well woman. And take great pleasure In
giving this testimonial and hope' you publish
It eo the public may know of your wonderful
skill. Tours sincerely,
MRS. MARIA BUETERSLOH.
COAL. COKE AIO PIO IRO*.
Jr WIT CftW * C(\ 90 ° Battery Street.
. t" n lL5ui\ (I WU't Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
r XD CMITH Ehlp Plumbing. Steamboat and
t- W • 2011 1 Dp Bhlp Work a specialty. 16 and
18 Washington et. Telephone Main 6ML
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
|«C Tl(\ VPC * m Shipping- Butchers. 104
JA5- DUlCOtttU- ciayl Tel. Main 1294
OILS.
IXBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD & El
AVt Front et.. 8. F." Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINO.
Er PnnRF^ >v PRINTER.
\s- UVUULJ* en Eansome st.. S. F.
Blood Poison is an universal disease. The enlightened nations of the.worlc 1 , as well as
the savage, have been contending with this monster scourge for centuries past. Civilization
has not checked its progress. Scientists have discovered little concerning the character of
this peculiar poison; they admit it to be a blood disease, for which they know no antidote
or cure. Their Mercury and Potash preparations hide the symptoms, but cannot destroy the
virus. This disease ;s so highly contagious that persons handling the clothing, using 1 the
same brush or towe.1, drinking from the same vessel, are inoculated. The deepest misery and
humiliation have followed the kiss of affection. Though guilty of no wrong, the person who
contracts the disease in this 'way endures the same physical suffering, that the guilty^ne does.
How often is the proud parent horrified when he finds the disease he so confidently bt-lieved
had been' forever driven from his own blood has been transmitted to his innocent child; its
little body tortured with sores, the^lands of l :
the neck swollen and knotted and the skin AN innocent victim, r, ; -
r v» r ¦ • •, v • " !• Some eierht yoarp ajo I Tras inoculated with poison by
a-nre Wltn SOme burning, ltClimg eruption. a nurse who inWed my babe with b.lood taint. The littlo
TVif» <5T7TnTvt-rvmc <~>f +lii« Iiirl^rmc rJic^ac;^ /-cm child lingered alone until it was about Mtol&JikWBTm. "
l ne symptoms or tnis, niaeous disease can- two years oM> wben ltg little lifo was .ippgggg^
not be mistaken; eruptions upon the skin, yielded u P to the fearful poison. p O r 'f'^ i " v^tt
. i , r , r , i ' nix Ions: yeara I have Buffered untold t msaw
SOreS Or UlCerS lU the mOUtll and throat, misery. I was covered with sores and jfefeVgftkJ^W
copper-colored splotches on different parts w/o* No ''ff 7 !!
of the bodyancl the loss of hair and eye-
brOWS, are infallible Signs of Contagious the beet modtoal treatment. Several •?&£'¦ ¦^mB%l
t>i j -n • /^\i-L J j i. i." physiolans treated me, but all to no
BlOOQ PoiSOn. - Other and more destructive purpoBO. Tho mercury and potash Mg^L
qvrrmtrvmc; follow nf ronr«sP ac the* rliqeaqe aeemed to add fuel to tho awful flame ¦J^mmWfSjSa^^
symptoms, ioiiow, or course, as tne disease , which wa , devouring- me. i was ad. -%?ggm1&*p4§£>
progresses; the whole skin surface is often 6 !^^^ ...
COVered With a maSS Of SOreS, and even bone arot two bottles, and felt hope aeain revive in my breast —
j , • j , ¦ \ j Vtav • • i. hope for health and happiness again. I improved from the
and tiSSUe are destroyed. lJllS IS tlOt a start, and a complete and perfect cure was the result. S.
ciim-nlp Hi«;pn«;f»* rlo nnf trifle ivifli it* tf»rri < h1p' S. S. is the only Wood remedy which reaches desperat*
simpie disease, do not trine witn it, terriDie caBe9 , iiks. t. w. lee, •.iontfoaaery, Ala.
as are the immediate effects, it is horrible ' . ; ,¦ »
to think that through your carelessness or neglect others may have to suffer for your sin.
You may have taken the usual remedies, but the aching bones and slight^ rheumatic pains,
the annoying little ulcers and pimples that periodically break out, remind you that you
are not cured; that the poison is still in your system. * '^ - x
S. S. S. is a specific for this disease.. That it does antidote this. peculiar virus, an experi-
ence of many years proven beyond doubt. It is no experiment to take S. S. S. It has
dempnstrated in thousands of cases its curative powers.; Being strictly,.'a vegetable remedy
makes it safe; there can be no bad after effect, as is the case where Mercury and Potash treat-
ment has been taken. It eradicates Contagious Blood Poison completely and permanently
from the system and removes all possible danger, of contaminating, others or 'transmitting it
_ f!f wmm^^ to posterity. It' not only destroys the disease in the early
jr\Ln^& kfj&m^i jfjiMiJ sta g es ) i> ut even tne worst cases gi ye wa y wnen tne system
ff r^l I C^i I (L ": comes, under the influence of S.S. S. Get this poison out
\^^^^ of your blood; it is a barrier to domestic happiness; it
fe^ *"yi W. fc^~^i 1 wrecks both body, and 5 mind. Many a bright intellect' has
T****rJI f^*drJ been clouded and happy life blighted by this terrible plague.
iiiii^ _¦;; jf j^unfortunately,^^ypii have contracted Contagious Blood
Poison, send for our book and learn: all about this disease. -Every symptom; and stage is
described so clearly and minutely" that after reading it youcan treat your crease success-
fully. Should you at any time need any special advice^ you have: only .to vwrite .our .phy-
.sicians; we make no charge for this. SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga,
STATEMENT
—OF TUB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of- TUB—
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY ,
• >vl fur th« year •H.iitu m» that .Uvi txa.i* i.%
|h« fnnurane* CflmmtMlensr st lh« flui# e*
ntl!f*FHl», pufitMni la ih« rtquirtmtnU flf ••«•
tea tu *i in* PttUtteAl eed« ef i»M eut*.
Anirre.
N«t value of r>sl e«uta «wn»d by
«h« cempany .........U1034,fM it
Amount ot le«ns tenured by bond
ftnd mortea** en rest estate. ...... l«.««.«n N
Amount of loans secured by r>l«"i«* ». >
ot bonds, stocks er other market*
abte Mcurltlea as eoltaUMl. ....... I»KM M
Premium notes and loans In an/
form taken In payment of pre-
miums on policies now In force.... «,•<! M
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 23.S23.9tO !»
Amount of cash deposited In banks 128,174 Ort
Interest due and accrued............. 1*0,591 13
Rents due and accrued................ 21,2** 03
Net amount of premiums In process
of collection, and of deferred
premiums 322.521 35
Total assets $«4,9«5,17« 13
LIABILITIES- ~
Claims for death lasses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid t . SS.14S SO
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments in process of adjust-
ment, or adjusted but not due..... . 175.834 00
Claims resisted by the company.... 33,21133
Net present value of all the out-
standing: policies, computed ac-
¦ cording to the combined eiDerience
tables of mortality, -with four per • •
cent Interest 58,321,139 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 977,968 15
All other liabilities 2Z7.44S 73
Total liabilities $37,773,817 Tl
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on new
policies durlns the year $ 412,504(1
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums durintr the year 4.843.647 31
Cash received for sale of annuities 23,912 44
I Cash received for Interest.-. 2,553.197 73
Cash received for rents. 407.4S1 19
Cash received from all other sources 793 CO
Total Income $ 8.047.538 33
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $ 4.818.995 11
Cash paid to annuitants ; 2,003 73
Paid for surrendered policies 549,443 9?
Paid for dividends to policy holders 1,305.439 28
Commissions patd to agents 830,479 67
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes. except
' agents and medical examiners 138,588 31
Salaries and Iravellns expenses of
managers of agencies 25.249 SO
Medical examiners' fees and salaries 23.913 23
Cash paid for taxes ..; 3S2.099 69
Cash paid for rents 8.307 23
All other cash payments 413,870 (3
Total expenditures daring the
, year J 8,085,332 97
S\ PREMITTM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes aijd other *
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.. $829,943 23 "',«•«
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re- : ->..,.-
ceived durlns the year.. 793 00 .
Total ....- $830,738 23
Deductions during' the year, as fol-
lows:
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
In payment of losses and
claims $ 18.271 13
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
- in purchase of surren-
dered policies .' 3.U3 n •.
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
in payment of dividends
to policy holders 30,303 43
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.... 1,120 00
Amount of notes and other
premium oblljratlons re-
deemed by maker in cash 11,982 80
Total reduction of premlum-not»
account '. $ 68,878 33
Balance, note assets at end ' of the
year • '$783.88190
JACOB I* GREENE. President. -
HERBERT H. WHITE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to 'before me this 13tlt
day of February. 1901. NATHAN F. FECK.
Notary Public
A. K. P.~HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F R. NOYES. Gsneral Agent,
MILLS BUILDING.
San Franetico, Cal. .
feeWCt $1,001*
UNITED STATES BRANCH,
OF THR — »
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
SCOTTISH UNION
AND NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP EDINBURGH, Beetland, on tht »it far
et December, A. D. 16&H ant] for the y*«r
etuHii* en that tiny, a» made to the iniufttnee
eami«i*»irtfier Hf lhu Blau ef California t»ur»
euant tn the provtBtdna of seetiona Aid nn-l 611
t>f the Political OK condensed ai p«r blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
AtiSBTg.
tteat EclBte owned by Company..... |2ti,U? M
lioanp on Hondu and Mortitagei...... 1,064,050 II
Cash Market Value of alt Btocks and
Bonds owned by Company.......... 2,010,353 95
Amount of Loans secured by pledge "
of Bonds. Stocks, end other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 2,600 00
Cash In- Company's Office............ 5«J 74
Cash in Banks 619.527 SS
Interest "due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. 12.402 40
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13,836 54
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 431.135 46
> Total Assets ..S4.312.983 80
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $76,253 SI
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 151.411 77
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 12,300 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. SI, 390.594 75;
reinsurance 60 per cent 695,237 37
Grose premiums on Fire Risks run- , , .
nlnit more than one year. S1.951,-
098 71: reinsurance pro rata 960,49189
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc. 8.000 00
All other liabilities 188,174 07
•"• Total Liabilities S2.0SS.923 91
- INCOME. si
Net eash actually received for Fire J
premiums Sl.939,994 S3
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 60,266 72
Received for interest and dividends
on Bands. . Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 77.851 51
Received for Rents 2,159 82
Total Income $2,080,072 SS
• EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $246,295 So. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,389,565 73
Fald or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ;.... 893.4S5 61
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officer.*, clerks, etc — 91.960 07
Fald for State. National and Local
taxes --••• 84,024 90
All other payments and expenditures 116,283 50
* Total Expenditures $2,073.619 81
Fire.
Losses incurred durlns the year. $1,343,071 72
Klsks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during ths
year •• $357,480,804 $3,433,140 63
Net amount of Ri?k*
expired during the
year - 315.081.851 2,988.92148
Net amount In force
December, 31, 1900 382.670,794 J.341.691 46
J A S. H. BREWSTER,. U. S. Manager,
¦ ¦ • ¦ Hartford. Conn.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 221
day of January, 1901.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER.
Notary • Public.
T. J. A. TTBDEi%lANN,
General Agent Pacific Coast Department,
439 'CALIFORNIA STREET,
• ; ¦ Safe Deposit Bulldlnft. ,
~ ~~~, : ~ ' I . .
JM| CHICHI ESTER'S ENGLISH
pEHNYROyftl PILLS
if/n_P&Mv ** CHICHESTEB'S ENGLISH
|p''>*'Vi®SU la BED mn« Gold meUUlo boxw. sealed
»W bine ribbon. T«ke no other. Keffesa
T*1 *^ *VJ IHmaeroM Substitution* and Imlta>
\X* ff »nd "Heller for Ladlf*," lnl«Mr,b/r«.
turn M«1U 10.000 T«»timooi»lt. Mdki
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATORWTOj
Five hundred reward for any BmTlSa
case we cannot cure. This secret ¦¦>
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, . B ja
cures Emissions. Impotency, Varl- I K?«3
cocele, Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, Rifl Will
Stricture*. Lost Manhood and all' BJUl UX1
wasting ' effects of self -abuse or I
excesses. Sent sealed. %i bottle; 3 e^K^^^mm
bottles.: $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress -HALL' 8 MEDICAL INSTITUTE, $55
Broadway,' Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073>4
Market at., 8. F. All private diseases quickly
<ui rod. 'Band far fru hook. .
In the big carpet department they
will give you th* best BIGELOW
LOWELL this week for Si. 25 — no
extra for laying; the finest Axminster
Carpets fo*" $1.05 per yard, worth all the
way from $1.25 to $1.40 a vard.
That is to say, you will cet the right
kind of furniture at about two-thirds
the price the combine will ask you for
the s«rne poods, and you can cet it ALL
THIS WEEK. You need not rush out
to the Mission to-day or to-morrow if
you have other business to attend to.
All kind* of summer furniture, rattan
g-oods. baby carriaRes, co-carts, at spe-
cial reduced prices.
Furniture Exposition Buildinc. cor-
ner Sixteenth and Mission.
The practical feature of Pattosien's
suggestions to-day is that they will cive
you parlor suits this week — made in
their own factory, mind you — worth
$100 for $75; they will give you par-
lor sets worth $50 for $.^s, and so on
down the line. Pattosien's will cive this
week sideboards with bisr French bev-
eled glass mirrors for &22.50 and $27.50
that are worth $35 and $40 in the com-
bine stores.
The Pattosien Company have repeat-
ed this truism so often that it oueht to
have long since found deep loduraent in
the minds of all sensible people. But
a good thing cannot be repeated too
often.
The more stars in the blue arch of
heaven the brighter it seems.
Halters for dumb beasts only!
If you want meat, and you're asked
to pay two prices for it, don't eat it. If
you want furniture or carpets, and you
are asked two prices, don't buy. A
simple remedy— Pattosien's remedy.
Don't blame the necromancers of the
society shops, nor the jusrglers of the
installment combine, who induce you to
pay two prices for anything. Blame
yourself for your own folly.
ONE PRICE ENftUGH!
Crush Usurers.
Pattosien's Simple Methods to
DO NOT PAY
"COMBINE" PRICES
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
tX First Street, Ban Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADV3£B>TIS2£BI2SNTS.
¦T" ~" — ~f An Extraordinary *~~ ~f
¦ Striped Zsphyrs- er*n k *ym / Crass Cloth, a
fancy raised B-tf 9 Ag 14 n2W fabrl ° for
cord elfec's; DL.r^V>B\ skirts and cults:
new shades for a SDlendld, solid,
waists; yard /> £T\ f\ W\ servlcaable fab-
wide. Regular |-nl @| || §^ rlc for ccuitry
20c. v Special VrVrVrlL^VJ' wear. Special
lOo C A| r 12ic
Yard j9i9 f ' '¦' Yard.
.+ > ,;•;.,•• . + -*
, This week wt offer several splendiJ opportunities for you
to nuke a great saving in Black Dress Goods Fabrics. Black
goods are serviceable the year around and good for all occa-
sions, so you can w?ll afford to buy for months ahead. This
is for six days only.
BL A' K PISROL A NOVELTIES— New patterns in small and me-
• dium designs — fast black — pure wool and mohair — just the thinj? for
separate skirts or calling suits— regular 75c line; special all week
40c
For sale at Market-street store only.
BLACK GRANITE 6UITING-A good firm fabric for skirts, etc.— per-
fectly fast black — 38 inches wide and good value at 50c — special all
week : 26c Yard
For sale at Markets reet store only.
BLACK KERSBY ClOTtf— A grand materjal for swell tailor suits-
walking skirts, Eton jackets and raglans — in raven, fast black, with a
beautiful lustrous panne finished surface — every thread wool — $2
inches wide and very heavy — our great $1.50 line — special all week
, OSc
I For sale at Market-street stora only.
BLACK FIGUREOMOHAIR-Genuine Bradford make— small desijms
and just the thintj for traveling dresses, tramping skirts, etc.— ex-
cellent dust shaker— 40 inches wide and always sold at 50c— special
all week 20c Yard
' For sale at Market-itreet store only.
Cotton Dress Fabrics.
WHITE GOODS— A fine sheer India linon and Victoria lawn, in plain
or checked desisns— would make a pretty waist or dress— our popular
soc a yard line— special all week. ,. ...ISi&e Yard
For sate at Market-street store only.
NEW FOULARDS— In all the latest shades— for summer dresses— also
very poputar for wrappers— some short lengths— the a*c grade—
special this week .1« 3-30 Yard
For sale at MarkeUttreet sxore only.
8TR1PED FKIRTING— 15 patterns— a fancy effect for campinjr skirts
nnd seaside wear— ,w inches wide— special all this week l-J-je
For sale at Market-s.reet store only.
tti erder te eontribut* eur *har#
tnward telebratthf the Qloirloua
] ¦¦• •¦•-.? tii. and at the tanie tlnip trmke
lh<» hPRrts t»f the little ome glad, tr -
* III present every •^
child that comes to \
nur etore with red- f /'
headi end firecrack' / I
ers. like ltluitiation. w J
This will mean the g /nf
diFtrlbutlon of a s^K»d A _J^
many firecrackers. In- f^Jljt^Z
!aRB«ch as consider- »^^gtV\\ .
eblv over one-half ViKVosI Y
of the children of Ban if/Si^r /\
Francisco obtain their /J/r^i 1 ygnf\J
shoes at our /fc^r y^TT^jt.
etore. / V^b*^ !<&£
WARM / //%rt
weather Ls\ yyO
FOOTWEAR / \^,ZZ,
Is demanaed by / i^ tor Oni
the torrid tem- /
peratuxe of July, \^^r S
and in recognl- :
tloa of this fact we place upon sale.
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY, a line of
LADIES' WHITE CANVAS ,
OXFORD TIES,
I with white caavas or white kid tips,
hand- turned soles and French heels;
elres 2^4 to 7; widths A A to E. This
week only at O5c a pair. \
We have no agents. Any
person representing him-
self as such is an impostor. <
6E?TC> FOR OUR NEW CATALOGUE
B.KatsclfmsKi
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD ST. 5ANIWC15C0Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition' of the tides
th© early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day" In the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of -the day, except" when there are but thr?e
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference la
the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
The Merchants' Exchange received
word yesterday that the Senator sailed
from Nome for San Francisco on June 18,
while the Conemaugh and Humboldt were
to sail the next day. The Valencia and
Centennial arrived at Nome prior to the
18th inst. The Oregon, which sailed from
Nome on June IS, spoke. the Chas. D.
Lane in Unamak Bass.
The schooners Bfella, which sailed for
Siuslaw River, .ind the Jennie Thelan for
Grays Harbor, last Thursday, have been
having a hard time of it. There is almost
a /dead calm off shore, and yesterday
morning 1 both schooners were anchored off
the Cliff House. What little progress they
made Friday was overcome bv the cur
rent during the night and the captains de
cided to anchor so as to prevent the ves
sels drifting down the coast.
Water Front Notes.
Time Ball. ,
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ g N Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco" Cal
June 29. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferrv
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian,' or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
,, . O.O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant rv»mmi>».<i«.r TT. s jf: in charge
FROM SEATTLE.
naw, hence June 25. «
town"-" 1 June 29~Br sh!p Howth. for Queens-
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 29—Schr Noko
mts, for Honolulu.
ci?aiIe^ . June -3—Br stmr Sutherland, for
Shanghai.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 15-TJ S stmr Mo
hican, from San Diego, via Hilo. June 17—
Bark Andrew Welch, hence June 4; schr Pros
per, from Newcastle, Aus. June IS—Ital bark
Kmelia Ciampa, from Callao. June 19—Br ship
Hulston, from Hamburg. June 20—Bark Alex
AicNelll, from Newcastle, Aus. June 21-*-Br
stmr Gaelic, hence June 14; Br stmr Doric,
from. China. June 22—Schr G W Watson, from
Kaanapali.
Sailed June IS—Schr H D Bendixen, for San
Franc sco. June 19—Bark Kaaulani. for San
l-rancisco; Br ship Argus, for Portland, Or.
June 21—Schr Vine, for San Francisco: Br
fi mr t>Ga»eIl^' for China:'schr Robert .Lewers.
?°_* Po £ t Towr'»end: bktn John Palmer, for
Port Townsend; ship , Louisiana, for Port
Townsend.
KAHULUI—Arrived Jone 10-Schr Transit,
hence May 29. June 9—Bktn Mary Winkelman.
from Kehei. June 17—Bark Nuuaun. from
Honolulu. June 16-Schr Olga. from Tacoma.
Sailed June 19-Ship Emily F Whitney, for
San Francisco.
£n D°rt June 19— Schr S T Alexander.
MAHUKONA— Arrived June 10—Schr John G
rt« r m/ t £? m * Port Townsend. June 13—Schr
Ottillle Fjord, from Hilo. %
Sailed June 14-Schr Ottillle Fjord, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT PIRIE-Arrlved June 28-Bark James
Tuft, from Seattle.
SWANSEA-Arrived June 27-Br' ship Ang
™^Xro,m.n5 ublln ' to load for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed June 28-Br ship
Crown of Enpland, for nublln; Ger bark Has
sia. for Hamburr.
BEACHY HEAD—Passed June 27—Br ship
LarBlemore, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Sailed June 28—Br ship Way
farer, tor Hull.
MONTEVIDEO-Salled June 2S-Stmr Ore
gonian, for San Francisco, v
HAVRE— Arrived June 29—Br bark' Inver
mark, hence Feb 26.
OCEAN STEAMERS. -r
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to June 29— Stmr
America Maru, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to June 29-*Stmr
City of Peking, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, for Hongkone; stmr Olympia, from Ta
coma, for Honekonr. .. :• r -••
NEW YORK—Arrived June 29—Stmr Etru
ria. from Liverpool. ....
Sailed June 29—Stmr Amsterdam, for' Rotter
dam: stmr State of Nebraska, for Glasgow
stmr City of Rome, for Greenock; stmr Luca
nia, for Liverpool: stmr Werra, for Naples:
stinr Pennsylvania, for Hamburg: stmr Minne
haha, for London. . ¦
ISLE OF WIGHT—Passed June 29-Stmr
Teenkai, from Tacoma, via Manila, for .
LONDON—Arrived June 2§—Stmr Northeast
ern, from Chieapo and Montreal.
Sailed June 29—Stmr Minneapolis, for New
York. 1 ,
ANTWERP-Salled June 29-Stmr. Frlesland
for New York. , ..-'.-
HAVRE—Sailed June 29—Stmr La Norman
die, for - New York/
LIVERPOOL-Sailed June 29-Stmr Campa
nia, for New York.
CHERBOURG—Sailed June 29-Stmr St Paul
from Southampton, for New York.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters, at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Pay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The' high . and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
SOUTH BEND— Arrived June 29— Schr Roy
Soroers. from San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Arrived June 29 — Nor stmr Thyra,
from Manila; stmr George W Elder, hence
June 27.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 29— Stmr Se
quoia, hence June 28. ' -. ;'.^-,
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 29 — Bchr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka; ship Dashing Wave, from
Tacoma.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 28— Stmr Oregon,
from Nome. June 29— Stmr'Chas Nelson, from
Ekaguay.
CAPE NOME— Arrived June 20— Stmr Valen
cia, from ¦ Seattle.
Sailed June 18— stmr Senator, for Bt Mich
ael. June 19— Stmr Humboldt, for 8eattle.
Arrived June 18— Stmr Centennial, from Se-
Sall*d June p—Strar Portland.' for St Mich
ael. June 19— Stmr Connemaugh, for St Mich-
Stmr Chan D Lane was spoken June 2,3 by
stmr Oregon In Unlmak Pass, from Seattle,
for Nome.
PORT ANGELES — Arrived June 29— U -S
stmr Wisconsin, hence June 26.
PORT TOVNSEND-Paased In June 29-Stmr
Cha« Nelson, from Skaguay. -,
Arrived June 29— Br stmr Kintuck, from Ma
nna. - *
Sailed June 29 — Br bark Lota, for Valnaralno
PORT BLAKELET-Arrtvfc June* Bh&&
Lndlow, from Port Towniend.
Sa C rP°Fla^iIco eail6d JUM =»*"' **
Pedro"** J " ne 29 ~ Schr Emma Utter, for San
tt B ,? IST 5 >Ij BAY-Arrfved May 11-Sehr G V
Heller, hence April 21. " Mayl7-Schr Charlea
Hanson, from Graya Harbor. Mayj27-8chr
Mary Bid well, from Grays Harbor.
NEAH BAT— Pass«d June 29— Br baric Loti,
for Valparalw: schr Fred J : Wood, for Fai£
IVfcSSStttS. 11 * 2 *~ Shlp B Partaa. h«w June
¦_ SOUTH BEND— Arrtred June ¦ *»— Bchr Roy
Some™, from Ban Pedro. *—o c " **V
TACOMA— Arrived Juna : »— Btaxr - v Waante-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 14 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
The schr Bella, which sailed June 27 for
Slus'aw River, and schr Jennie Thelin, hence
same date for Grays Harbor, are both anchored
below the Cliff House with no wind.
HONOLULU. June 20— Fire broke out in for
ward hold of bark ' Olympic this morning,
causing slight damage. The fire was started
by a quantity of . lime and hay, which ignited
from combustion.
MISCELLANEOUS.
May 21. lat 42 S. Ion 50 W— Fr bark Mae-
Mahon. from Barry.
Per Br ship Mritish General— May 12, lat
82 27 S. Ion S8 87 W— Ger ship Helicon, from
Iquique, {or Hamburg.
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Friday, June 28. .
Etmr Newburg, Petersen, Grays Harbor.
Saturday, June 29.
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. Nanalmo. ,
Ptmr Coos Bay, Xlcholson, San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick, Portland.
Stmr Westport. Erickson, .
Stmr Samoa, Hansen. . - f '
Stmr China. Seabury, Honolulu, Tokohama
and Hongkong.
Ship 8 I) Carleton, Amesbury, Tacoma and
Honolulu.
Bktn Irmcard. ' Schmidt. : Honolulu. . .
Schr Julia E Whalen, Eriksen, Ensenada.
Saturday, June 29.
Stmr China. Seabury, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; Pacific Mail SS Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr "Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria, etc;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Bark R P Rlthet, McPhail, Honolulu; "Welch
&- Co.
Bktn Irmpard, Schmidt, Honolulu; "Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Schr Jennie E "VThalen, Eriksen, Ensenada;
N J Weaver.
CLEARED.
Saturday, June 29.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, 48 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 45 hours from Port
Lcs Ancreles.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 24 hours from Fields
Landing.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 55 hours from Port
land, via Astoria hours.
Stmr Arcata, Neteon, 47 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, IS hours from Eureka.
Br etmr Pak Ling, Worrall, 26 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 17 days.
Br shii> British General, Thomas, 122 days
from Antwerp.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, S days from Sius
law River.
Schr T?essle K. Petersen. 14 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Columbia, Sprague, 23 days from Ke
loa.
Tj Manila— 8 crs bicycle goods. 3015 lbs bacon,
245 cs canned goods, 4 bales dry goods,. 86 pkgs
groceries and provisions, SO cs lubricating oil.
¦j3 or photo poods, 135 cs paint. 5 cs rubber
goods, 5 cs shoes, 13 cs typewriters, ,73 crs
trunks. 190 cs 125 traJ? wine. .
To East Indies— 125 cs salmon, 2S6 ca canned
goods, 6 pkgs groceries and provisions, 3 cs
harness. . *
To Korea — 33 pkgs groceries and provisions,
2 cs electrical goods, 2 cs whisky.
To Vladivostok — 139 pkgs plows and fixtures.
»
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The steamer China sailed yegterday for
China and Japan with a general cargo valued
at $203,051, minfested as follows: For China,
$90,374; Japan. $91,980; Manila, $14,380; East
Indies, $1962: Korea. $855: Vladivostok, $S500.
The principal exports were as follows:
To China — 10 era bicycles and sundries, I 436
lbs beans, 62 gals brandy, 963 cs canned goods,
1007 lbs cheese, 1750 lbs dried fruit, 834 bales
dry goods, 2400 lbs dried peas. 450 bales do
mestice. S250 bbls flour. 625 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 19 bales hay. 2326 lbs hams and ba
con, 18 pkgs leather, 4S00 lbs mlllstuffs, 7 pkgs
machinery. 50C0 lbs pearl barley, 9 cs shoes, 59
cs stationery, 37 cs salmon 600 lbs starch, 11
crs sewing a machines, 865 gals wine, 636 bdls
wire shorts'.
To Japan— 160 pkgs agricultural implements.
311 crs bicycles and sundries, 212 cs canned
goods, 1251 lbs cheese, 800 bales raw cotton, 19
cs drugs, IS cs electrical sullies, 1760 bbls
flour. 237 pkgs groceries and provisions. 1800 lbs
hides, 1311 pigs lead, 104 pkgs leather, 51,725 lbs
malt, 43 pkgs machinery. 1500 kegs nails. 10 cs
rubber goods, 56,000 lbs soda ash. 13 cs 2094
gals "nine.
Merchandise for the Orient.
bble, valued at $3,517,571, during the crop year
Of 1S99-1900.
"WHEAT— Kxports of Wheat during the
month were 704,915 ctls, valued at $728,301,
against 756,327 ctls, valued at 5764,231, in June
1900. Since the first of the crop year the ex
ports have been 7.948.932 ctls, valued at $S,173.-
E25, against 6,387,850 ctls, valued at $6,470,646, in
1S99-1900.
BARLEY— Exports of Barley in June were
108,646 ctls. valued at $96,486. against 159,512
ctls. valued at $141,307. in June. 1900. The ex
ports from July 1. 1900. to date have been
2,103,711 ctls, valued at $1,977,747.
HE chartered army transport Pak
1 1 Ling arrived yesterday after ' a
1 1 smart passage of 17 days from
il Nagasaki. She brings home "Ri
ley's" battery of the Tenth Artil
lery. This is the battery which did such
excellent service before Peking, and It
' was while leading an attack on the walls
of the Chinese capital that Captain Riley
was killed. Captain T. J. Ridgway is npw
: In command of the battery.
From China the battery went to Ma
nila and there the men gave up their
¦ horses and guns and were sent home. The
Pak Ling brings home 136 enlisted men of
I the Tenth Artillery, ten discharged sol
diers, 102 discharged teamsters 'and civil
: ian employes, five clerks, five members of
¦ passengers:
the hospital corps and the following cabin
Captain T. J. Ridgeway, First Lieutenants
H. R. Burs-ess. C. P. Summerall. M. McClosky,
A- J. Bowley; H. Q. G. Schmidt, surgeon;
Captain T. P. Switier, Twenty-eighth Infan
try: H. TJri. veterinary eurgeon; C. S. Fraser
and T. J. Lee, electricians.
Besides these the Pak Ling broughtover
seventeen stowawavs. All of them pot
ashore early yesterday morning and the
officers of the transport were nothing the
•wiser. . The teamsters, packers and dis
charged soldiers kept the men hid during
the entire trip. Two of the stowaways
are deserters from the British man-of-
Trax Goliath, two are deserters from the
Russian army In China, one is a deserter
from the British regiment cf Sikhs in
China and twelve are discharged United
States soldiers. All of the men save three
or four stowed away at Nagasaki.
Quartermaster Captain Davis of the Pak
Ling had his hands full during the voy
age. The teamsters, packers and other
discharged employes did not like their
quarters (the Pak Ling- is fitted out as a
horse transport). Neither did they like
the food, and they did not scruple about
Baying so. In consequence there was one
clash after another throughout the voy
age and the "brig" was never without at
least half a dozen occupants. As soon as
the - anchor was down there was a rush
to get ashore and an hour after the trans
port arrived the teamsters, packers and
etowaways were scattered all over the
city.
The Pak Ling comes home in splendid
condition. She Is the fastest freighter on
the coast, as her run of 26 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki, shows. She will be
released by the Government to-morrow
anfl will probably go north to enter the
Oriental trade.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Snipping Merchants.
The Custom-house receipts for duties on im
ports during the month of June were $5S5,361 >
making the total receipts since January 1
$3,345,188. - < # :
Mint Coinage.
The coinage at the local branch during the
month of June was $5,947,500. the descriptions
being as follows: Eagles. $4,262,500; half eagles,
Jl.€£6.000. In June, ISM), the coinage amounted
to $4,007,968. Since the first of the fiscal year,
commencing July i, 1900, this coinage amounts
to JS0.21L426, agaln?t J54.026.013 during the fis
cal year of 1SS9 and 1300.
Exports of "Wine and Brandy.
"WTXE— Exports of wine during the month of
June were 1147 cs 414,204 gals, valued at $145.
713, making the total exports since January 1
12,990,837 g^tls and SS61 cs. valugd at $1,002,757.
BRANDY— Exports of brandy In June were
205 gals and 7 cs. valued at $410, making the
totaJ exports since January 1 16,407 gals and 90
cs. valued at $17,341.
Exports of Quicksilver.
Exports of Quicksilver during the month of
June were S7S flaekn, valued at $177,500. Since
January 1 these exports were S17S flasks, val
ued at $140,567.
Exports of Flour and Grain.
TUOITR — Exports of Flour from thJ» port fcy
vea. durinr the month of June were 69.993 bbls,
valued at $211,516, against 77,268 bbls, valued at
$226, E7«, In June, 1S0O. The total exporta for
the crop year, commencing July 1, have been
981.717 bbls, valued at $3,075,133. agralnst 1,085,795
SHIP BRITISH GENERAL. IN A NORTHEAST STORM OFF CAPE HORN. THE FORE LOWER TOPSAIL YARD
FELL TO THE DECK, DOING CONSIDERABLE DAMAGE. THE BRITISH GENERAL MADE A GOOD RUN
OF 132 DAYS FROM ANTWERP.
RILEY'S BATTERY: RETURNS FROM CHINA
ON UNCLE SAM'S TRANSPOR T PAK LING
THE :8AN FEANCISCO -CALL, SU2TDAT, JUi^E 30, 1901^
the height of tl^ejs the,same at both places.
SUNDAY, JUNE 30
/"....
Sun rises;¦.'..„..¦„.„-...¦„¦.......':...„..:.;;.... 4:50
Sun sets ./.;..':".'.;...".';....:;¦..¦........7:35
Moon sets 1,.... .....3:89 a. m.
20
- Time ¦ ¦, Time - ,' Time Time
Date I?t. Ft. - — — Ft. Ft.
L..W ; . H W LVW ._,_,. H W
SO ... . 4:29 .0.4 11:44 4.6 8:52 .8.1 10:00 "Ta
1 ... . 6:05—0.6 12:24 ..4.7 -4:36 3.0 10:37 5.9
Ti ... 6:42—0.8 ,1:00 ;4.8«5:20 3.0 11:21 6.8
8... 6:20—0.6 -1:87 4.9 6:10 2.9.
H "W . Li W H TV ¦'•:¦ L W
4:.. 0:08 5.6 7:00 — n.'4 2:11 5.0 7:01 .2.7
57.. ' 1 :00 :5.4 .7:401—0.1 . 2:46 5.2 ' 8:C0 2.4
6 ...| 1:55 5.1 8:19 0.3 3:22 5:3| 904 2.1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Curacao...
Zealandla......
San Jose
Rainier
Coronado.
Mandalay......
Bonita....
Corona
Tucapel
Empire... ......
Acme....
Santa Barbara
Sierra
St. Paul
Umatilla
Hermonthls....
Fulton..:.......
Xoyo...
Washtenaw
Kureka
Pomona
North Fork....
G. W. Elder...
Point Arena...
Santa Rosa
Crescent City..
Coos Bay
Arequipa
G. Dollar
Rival
Despatch
City of Puebla.
Arcata
Mexican Ports June 30
Honolulu June 30
Panama & Way Ports. June 29
Seattle & N. Whatcom. June 30
Redondo ..:....: June 30
Coquille River/ June 30
San Pedro ..y June 30
San Dlego,_X. .. June 30
Valparaiso & "Way Pts. June So
Coos Bay ....|June30
Tillamook Bay :|July 1
Humboldt IJuly 1
Sydney & Way Ports.: July 1
Nome & St. Michael... July 1
Puget Sound Ports July J
Hamburer & Way Pts.. July 2
Grays Harbor July 2
Cayucos .: j u i y 3
Tacoma k j u i y 3
Humboldt' July 3
Humboldt July 4
Humboldt July 4
Portland and Astoria.. July 4
Point Arena July 4
San Diego j u i y 4
Crescent City j u ] y 4
Newport July 4
Valparaiso & Way Pts July 5
Grays Harbor July 5
Willapa Harbor July 5
San Pedro 1 July 5
Pupet Sound Ports July R
Coos Bay j u i y c
.earner.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
June 30. ' '
Lakme Humboldt 12 m Pier ?
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt ".. 9 lm Pi" U
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Dieero 9 amlPier II
July 1. |
Coqullle Rtve Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier ">8
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 1?
Coronado Seattle ft: Everett.. 5 pm Pier *>
Pomona .-Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
July 2. >. . ¦
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pfer n
Columbia. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pisr 24
Acme.... Siuslaw River 3 pm Pier 13
Bonlta San Pedro 9 am Pier 11
Jnly 3. .
Zealandia.... Honolulu 10 am Pier 7
R. Dollar..... Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm Pier •>
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier *
Mandalay..:. Coquille River .... 2 pm Pier —
Corona San Dleco 9 am Pier 11
July 4. . I
Santa Barb'rr Humboldt ! 10 run Pier 2
Jnly 5.
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier n
Ammon Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 27
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavn 5 pm Pier 16
_ / .. July O.
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 2 pm Pier 27
ga'nler Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay ; Newport | 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
'9 h l 9 .'Jf el 2 0 ?," g}taBuay.& Wa V Ports. .Tune 30
J-S.iKlmball.. Nome &«St* Michael. .jjuly i
Orepn Nome & Teller City July • 1
\lctortan....... Rkaguayft Way Ports. July 3
CityofTopeka Skajruay,& Way Portn.l July 4
* lkl •• Skajjuav & Way Ports. I July 4
State of Cal Nome direct ...V.- (July 1
Nome City Nome. Teller & ToDkuklJuly ."
Humholdt Rkaguay & Way Ports. July B
Farallon Skagruay & Way Ports.) July 7
- Time ¦ ¦, Time - ,' Time Time
Date I?t. Ft. - — — Ft. Ft.
L..W ; . H W LVW ._,_,. H W
SO ... . 4:29 .0.4 11:44 4.6 8:52 .8.1 10:00 "Ta
1 ... . 6:05—0.6 12:24 ..4.7 -4:36 3.0 10:37 5.9
Ti ... 6:42—0.8 ,1:00 ;4.8«5:20 3.0 11:21 6.8
8... 6:20—0.6 -1:87 4.9 6:10 2.9.
H "W . Li W H TV ¦'•:¦ L W
4:.. 0:08 5.6 7:00 — n.'4 2:11 5.0 7:01 .2.7
57.. ' 1 :00 :5.4 .7:401—0.1 . 2:46 5.2 ' 8:C0 2.4
6 ...| 1:55 5.1 8:19 0.3 3:22 5:3| 904 2.1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Curacao...
Zealandla......
San Jose
Rainier
Coronado.
Mandalay......
Bonita....
Corona
Tucapel
Empire... ......
Acme....
Santa Barbara
Sierra
St. Paul
Umatilla
Hermonthls....
Fulton..:.......
Xoyo...
Washtenaw
Kureka
Pomona
North Fork....
G. W. Elder...
Point Arena...
Santa Rosa
Crescent City..
Coos Bay
Arequipa
G. Dollar
Rival
Despatch
City of Puebla.
Arcata
Mexican Ports June 30
Honolulu June 30
Panama & Way Ports. June 29
Seattle & N. Whatcom. June 30
Redondo ..:....: June 30
Coquille River/ June 30
San Pedro ..y June 30
San Dlego,_X. .. June 30
Valparaiso & "Way Pts. June So
Coos Bay ....|June30
Tillamook Bay :|July 1
Humboldt IJuly 1
Sydney & Way Ports.: July 1
Nome & St. Michael... July 1
Puget Sound Ports July J
Hamburer & Way Pts.. July 2
Grays Harbor July 2
Cayucos .: j u i y 3
Tacoma k j u i y 3
Humboldt' July 3
Humboldt July 4
Humboldt July 4
Portland and Astoria.. July 4
Point Arena July 4
San Diego j u i y 4
Crescent City j u ] y 4
Newport July 4
Valparaiso & Way Pts July 5
Grays Harbor July 5
Willapa Harbor July 5
San Pedro 1 July 5
Pupet Sound Ports July R
Coos Bay j u i y c
.earner.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
June 30. ' '
Lakme Humboldt 12 m Pier ?
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt ".. 9 lm Pi" U
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Dieero 9 amlPier II
July 1. |
Coqullle Rtve Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier ">8
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 1?
Coronado Seattle ft: Everett.. 5 pm Pier *>
Pomona .-Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
July 2. >. . ¦
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pfer n
Columbia. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pisr 24
Acme.... Siuslaw River 3 pm Pier 13
Bonlta San Pedro 9 am Pier 11
Jnly 3. .
Zealandia.... Honolulu 10 am Pier 7
R. Dollar..... Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm Pier •>
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier *
Mandalay..:. Coquille River .... 2 pm Pier —
Corona San Dleco 9 am Pier 11
July 4. . I
Santa Barb'rr Humboldt ! 10 run Pier 2
Jnly 5.
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier n
Ammon Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 27
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavn 5 pm Pier 16
_ / .. July O.
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 2 pm Pier 27
ga'nler Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay ; Newport | 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
'9 h l 9 .'Jf el 2 0 ?," g}taBuay.& Wa V Ports. .Tune 30
J-S.iKlmball.. Nome &«St* Michael. .jjuly i
Orepn Nome & Teller City July • 1
\lctortan....... Rkaguayft Way Ports. July 3
CityofTopeka Skajruay,& Way Portn.l July 4
* lkl •• Skajjuav & Way Ports. I July 4
State of Cal Nome direct ...V.- (July 1
Nome City Nome. Teller & ToDkuklJuly ."
Humholdt Rkaguay & Way Ports. July B
Farallon Skagruay & Way Ports.) July 7
GolfrGrip
5 Eye-Glasses
1 (Patented April 2, 1901),
. NEVER TILT OR SLIP
! Only to be had of
¦ OPTICIANS^ rtoT >^»^.
! 642 Market St. instruments
¦ > -iMnrp r^onuirif qim.niM&. CATALOGUE Ff?EE
LEADING BUSINESS . COLLEGE OF THE WEST.
24 Poat St.. San Francisco. Cal. .
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
,_. Write for SO-page catalogue (free)..
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY,
CONFERS . DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic, art. and elocution: thirty-sixth year; fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. I Write for catalogue
to MRS. C T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College
P. O.. Cal. .
MISS M.G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
302 Montgomery St., San , Francisco, Cal.
Lessons personally or. by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
THF HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
8AN RAFAEL. CAIi. <
Military Drill. Christmas Term Begins
August 14th. >¦ . - •.;¦¦.;
¦-¦-¦-•¦ REV. & HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
•quipped departments: positions for Graduates.
- 106 Larkin at. i Illustrated catalogue.
•*•- , .. -¦ R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVINC INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls. 2126 Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. .The'
next session will begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
: catalogue ; addreas the principal. '-".-;.
. REV. . EDWARD ¦ B. CHURCH. A. M.
k ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL
SAN« MATEO/ CAL. The next term will begin
"August 15. 190L, For. catalogue and illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER/
A. B.-.' Rector and Head Master. •
-Coileee San Rafael for Youn ft Ladies.
: by s the Sisters - of St. - Dominic.
Opens : August . 1, 1901. . i Full college course of
studies. ' Modern building; steam heated.* - Un-'
Burpaased^for. beauty and heaJthfulness. Ad-
dreasJMOTHBR SUPERIOR, College San Ra^
faeL>San Rafael. CaL
The remedy has .a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
io the £esired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
froin years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medlmi
Institute, 228 Elektron building, Port
-R-avne. Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The' Institute Is de
eirous of reaching that great class of men
¦who are unable to leave home to be treat
ed. and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy It 1b to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes win be
6ent a free 6axnple. carefully sealed In a
plain packapre. so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
wlthcsit delay.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all wh5
Trill write the State Medical Institute-
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sufferlngr of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
Ing from youthful folly, premature lost
of strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
A Free Trial Packacre Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
SENT FREE TO MEN!
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE- —
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, Scotland, on the 31st day
of December, A. D. 1900, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
»§! ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds oTned, by Company $l,804,(!(I0 00
Cash in Company's Office 903 12
Cash in Banks 123,93195
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14,484 15
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion • 164,024 98
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 493 96
Due from other Companies, for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 2,119 51
Total Assets .....?. $1.910.617 66
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $ 52,728 64
Losses In process of Adjustment or _
. in Suspense •- 48.o« <J
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 11,196 12
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-. ¦:•¦-..¦
ning one year or less. *937.7a 08; „_*_"¦
reinsurance 50 per cent... 468,860 o4
Grosa premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $SS3,-
978 37: reinsurance pro rata 450.29S 74
All other Liabilities 69.759 83
Total Liabilities .$1.101.382 62
INCOME. — — -
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,228,409 41
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other fources 62,762 90
Received for profit on sale of se-
curities • 7,108 23
Total Income '• $1,298,279 34
y . EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $201,773 83, losses of
previous years '. $SoO,4SS 25
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage 233,400 43
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
¦j charges -for offlcers. clerks, etc 90.008 27
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ; 40.320 19
All other . payments and expendi-
tures •• 83,352 13
Total Expenditures .....$1,322,569 31
Losses Incurred during the year $ 796.S62 52
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net, amount of Risks
• written during the) -
year .....I $156,983,363 $1,702,843 13
Net amount of Risks! •
expired during • thel
year ..,_,.. I 152.761.443 1.598.166 2J
Net amount in forcel
December 31. 1900 j 181.595.1S2 1.821.639 45
CHAS. H. POST. U. S. Manager.
N. A. McNEIL, Assistant Manager. -
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January. 1901. H. E. FRANCK.
Notary Public. ¦
PACIFIC CQASflDEPARTMENT,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J CONROY, Manager.
GEO. lJ- BROOKS, Asst. Hgr.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO. ...... Directors^
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OP THIS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MANGHESTERFIRE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1900. and fo»
the year ending on that day. aa made to th«
insurance Commissioner of the Stata of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner,
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $3,313 II
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.4PO.SS0 CO
Cash in Company's Office 21944 54
Cash in Batiks 135.137 63
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5,954 17
Premiums in due Course of Collection 270303 53
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 133 93
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 4,293 S3
Total Assets .$1,841,098 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $88,244 85
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 71,122 63
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 15,203 20
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,078,335 66;
reinsurance 50 per cent 539167 83
Gross rremiums on Fire HIsks run-
ning; more tha» one year. $939,980 51*
reinsurance pro rata...-. " 4<u; nsn vt
All other liabilities "S^.VS.V.T.V. tS «
Total Liabilities .$1.2S9.403 40
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flra
premiums # 357 250 m
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, -Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 62,496 72
Total Income .11.439.748 78
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount Tald for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J123.6S3 47. lossn of pre-
vious years) " is-cnsi 1?
Paid or allowed for Commission"^
Brokerage.. •»« 5<v» 28
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and oiher
T. 0h f T f 8 £ or offlcers - clerks, etc 86.602 «9
Paid for State. National and Local
All other payments and expenditures! 93,333 09
Total 'Expenditures .$1,393.*^ 43
Losses Incurred during the year $9os!:54 89
PJaka ami Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net a mount of Rlsksl " " \
written during thel j
Xer r amouni-:oVRVsk, I™™'™ \ S^ "
expired during the j
Nrt ar .mount"ln-VoVce l 173 - S72 ' 7 « 1.941.0 44
December 31, 1900 | 194,146.167 I 2.C68.318 17
GEO. S. A. YOUNG.
and sworn io bJoreVe^his^th
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS; J. CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Isst MgT°
I BKLI0DB. GDTHKIE 4C0.___ jawfa*
,— ;| STERLING FIJKNrrURE |-~^
sr..:.«. t . i .«-""''------ia Portieres and |. | '~0M^^¥\
3251pH\ Iyotan Rug's Table Covers | j ]' S-j&ggll ,»
,\ iSincheswide 45c 12 pairs Brussels effect I li
ST^ ¦ jgaV^fyT / yyl 27 inches wide 60c were S'» now 55.35 £^T,F!!E/^rr~V
t^^Z^^Jhtl L\j&*m$ the y w<; ar better than jute or were $1. 2a now 60c j M . — ¦ g£^P^g£%St||i§
, - ,<%. t 85 . c a ya^-sewed lined laid. were $8.75 now $3.9) J ] VT^^f^^^^
Golaen OaK. An excellent grade of body brns- . ¦ • 2t--*^ \7*"*^"^1
-X\ -Lr • sels that is nsnally sold for $1.25 a BeversiMe tapestry table V . l U— "•
fiM C^ lff ° nler . - ttJSgfi&gSr*^ 1 * -vers, floral Seslgus. Golden OaK
$5.95 Wilton Velvet Carpet wS™SS^SS Extension Table
47 inches high ; 18 inches deep ; -., ,„,, e-l size were si.w now , .
33 inches wide. - ' . 3>1.1Z}<2 *pi?.-?V |
The picture gives the proportion a yard, sewed lined luid The '° Pairs tapestry por- You seldom hear of a ronnd one (tae
and carving right— just as they are. name tells the storv. Evprybody tieres, six patterns, assor- shape that ia in demand) under 3«
The, top 19 "serpentine" shape knows about the durability and J** 1 colors, three yards orSis.oo.
and, the key holes on each of the ths rich color schemes of Wilton lon .8 fifty inches wide. It extends to six feet— scats elgnt
five drawer are finished with a neat velvet. Xearly nny design or color Fringed top and bottom, diners in comfort. It Is substantially
bit of carving." Borders for all. " " Were $4.65 now $3.25 made, has hard wood slides and the
¦• '¦ - - . . legs are firmly bolted in place.
YOU'RE WELCOME TO CREDIT
Our usnal credit terms ara accommodating enough to suit nine people out of ten; but if yon are the tenth person
and need special accommodations either as to first or succeeding payments, do not hesitate to let us know.
• fip ' / -if* w"'"'"il >l ~*'*^ 'S^ carving and design _ «^r^T'^H*»»^ i *'t»^_ 1 . ' _J
RICHMOND^RANGES SS™ I® ®l-
$5 down $1 a weeh fl ™« « oode - bn J ' "ZTtZ ' ' ~L* J
_ . pictures cannot -^jV*^- 7?j rT~^*»r -»*"*y —3
We wan* to put one in your home on approval. If it does not pire absointi show polish and a 1 '^'''- a ''
eatisfaction we will take it back at our own expenee and refund yon exactly interior fittings and WWJil l ilJlT2'Ji 1 i ;i l i •*/'
what you paid for U— Fair enough ? Richmonds the Best Bahers convey no iaea of " 1]|]] (lii 1 *!!^ ! * *« - * — ! ** _» (T"'*- J :
¦F"\iol Economizers their real beauty. ' ~ • "*"" •
¦ , , . g^'-^^.^tla Pretty OaK
i^%^&f%1/#&^J We'd be glad to have Vou B\\ 13 ™™^ 3 *' '
flflJiTT.' *•' '¦ . • I : -'" • ' b / /_Ji_V no! no: They're not
writ SxZiTOf Ssx&^f** '» fit i-M • 1 ¦ yOiiTfvk tra.«by as the price would natnr-
mpf ggE^J-Jgg^lJjffigl Open an IlCCOUnt" With U3. FJh^T^ti allyl^ad you to believe. They're
! p£ \$$f £M\ Y° u can make the payments -i >u '^ ¦. " "* "
Qffit ' S^^Jr^F?-' sT-P fi ' - • CgIf7TT.77^C :> '' Puritan WieK
to suit your convenience. TT^F]^ i«a Blue
« ¦¦ ¦* S3 Furniture zsrirss&ss
China Cabinet X V * X 111 : lU1 J&. "*""¦
OaK or Mahogany < V^^ (&*) P««o*-«ted. J Porcelain
<i»o C /^\ J *W^ ps $i'oo clobe$
, *P < ~'»*-fA-' * (fcM\ Jj?L~ Worth more,* or course! But
S^oK S Cabinetr V W^&P T^^l^^&T-
Surely room enough ior a hang- » priced lamps-cheap and med-
ingone. _ . •Phono . Free Delivery » • mm priced ones as well as fine.
Out of the way and it holds a Private Exchange OaKland. Ala- .« «,
good deal-maybe 30 pieces. <>O3 • meda.DerheUy iTjtT^f^i Four-piece Butter
I . ¦ . .„ }^f^LJ L_\ „ Sets. 25o
~ j i '¦ — ~ : — r"^ r% I 7 Cream pitcher, sugar bowl,
¦'l'AQA V/ Z>€ \ O^. jl epoon holder aad butter dish.
•1 Uo V Marivet btreet ra i^eq a « P ed woo d «
v* ah. i^J '--•' Tea Canisters, 5c.
Opp. McAllister x F0UEd 9ke
ADVEBTTSEJEElTrS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.The Republican Primary League is mak
ing rapid advancement in the enrollment
of citizens and the organization ¦ of dis
trict clubs. The officers of the league are
endeavoring to convince the Board of Su
pervisors that Tuesday, August 13, the
day of the primary election, should be de
clared a legal holiday. The Judiciary Com
mittee of the board holds that an after
noon holiday would give ample time for
voting. Officers of the league, however,
direct the board's attention to the fact
that August 13 is collection .day. The,
league's suggestion of a legal holiday of
the 13th, if carried out, would make Aug
ust 14 collection day. The league is ex
tremely desirous that all citizens, and
especially all citizens belonging to the
Republican party, should participate in
the election of delegates to the nomin
ating conventions. The Primary League
is exerting its power and influence to
bring the best men forward to serve in
the convention of the Republican party.
To make sure of the election of good men
a lar.are vote nt " the primary polls Is
deemed necessary. The Supervisors are
therefore urged to declare August 13 a
legal holiday. If the merchants, working
men and taxpayers generally remain away
from the polls the bosses and place-hunt
ers may muster sufficient strength to car
ry several districts,*
Alfred Bouvier, chairman of the Repub
lican County Committee, returned to the
city yesterday from New York. Within
the time prescribed by-law the committee
will submit a plan of apportionment to
the Election Commissioners. • ¦ .
A meeting of the South End Republican
Club of the Thirty-first Assembly District
was held at Teutonia Hall. night before
last. Remarks were made by H. J. Mc-
Mahon, Charles Devlin, L. A. Chester,
Walter J. Brlnd and others. Music was
supplied by the South End Republican
Club bandT
The Jefferson Democratic Club, of which
Stephen A. Byrne is president, held an
other meeting last Friday night. Twenty
one names were added to the committee
on organization. . James Mullady, secre
tary of the club, is bending his energies
to the cause of keeping fresh and green
the memory of Thomas Jefferson. As this
club has not secured a charter from Jas
pef McDonald and Gavin McNab's county
committee it is supposed to be anti-Phe
lan. with hearse attachment.
Supervisors Asked to De
clare August 13 a Legal
Holiday. •
League.
District Clubs Forming
; Under the Primary
REPUBLICANS
ARE ORGANIZING
Paul Bordwell Modestly Recounts His Daring Rescue
of Samuel Nathan From Tidal GahaL
YOUTHFUL HERO TELLS
HOW HE SAVED A LIFE
BRAVE BOY "U'HO RISKED HIS
OWN LIFE TO SAVE THAT OF
A COMRADE.
The last cable oar has disappeared from
the streets of New York,, but a few horse
car lines remain. . •
Wilson, as a representative of the Inter
national Association of Machinists, Is ac
credited to Cheyenne. He is just out from
the International council that met at To
ronto, Canada, about ten days ago, and
ln course of time may be an aspirant for
the position of president of the organiza
tion. Before the Iron Trades Council he
made a good Impression.
His advent to this coast is paid to be
connected -with the settlement of the
Everything is not "as harmonious as it
might be in the ranks of the strikers.
While Wilson is apparently keeping In the
background, local leaders seem to fear his
participation in strike affairs, because
they remember his participation in other
and possibly more disastrous strikes.
It was a case of now you see Wilson
and now you don't during the day. Ac
cording to the reports of the leaders of
the Iron Trades Council he was there dur
ing the afternoon and got out "of the
Emma Spreckels building by means of the
fire escape. There was a meeting there
during the afternoon at which Wilson was
present. Guided by Secretary Wisler, he
•was led to some point not given. He dis
appeared as mysteriously as he floated
in.
All efforts to locate Thomas L. "Wilson,
fourth vice president of the International
Association of Machinists, have proved
futile. Wilson arrived on Friday- night,
and according to Secretary "Wisler of the
local association, he ensconced himself in
the house of an unnamed friend whose
abode was variously located on Kentucky
street, Connecticut street, and other
streets in the Potrero.
Eight bills of complaint were filed ln
the United States District Court yester
day on behalf of the United States
against th« Union Iron Works to recover
$1000 penalty In each case. The "charge
Is that of having imported eight copper-"
smiths from Sweden and Scotland to
work In the Union Iron Works on a pa
role contract wheroby the company paid
for the transportation of the men to this
city. Those suits were instituted to take
the place, of the eight suits brought by
Secretary Rosenberg- of the'Labor Coun
cil to collect -the fines for himself, and
which were 'letTMirroo' «Mit of court. -
Union Iron "Works Sued.
President. Frank Smith: vice president,
James Kennedy; financial secretary, A. Hardes;
recording secretary, John McLaughlln: treas
urer. Daniel Keating; sergeants at arnts. John
rH-smond and John Stewart: business agent,
Michael Casey: delegates ti San Francisco La
bor Council— William Jolley, M. Casey, P.
Hrady. James Kennedy John McCuter, John
Holland, James HiKglns, M. Dougherty, James
Collins and Tim nianchfleld; delegates to City
Front Federation— M. Casey, George Hardes
and JaiiK-s Killoh. •
Reception— E. K. Hamlin, D. Hearly,' T.
Uonovnn. H. Crow. S. Matthews, H. Frlchette-,
T>. Sullivan J. Bucholz, William Kerr, L.
Stevenot, T. Frayer, D. O'Neal, P. J. Sullivan,
Al Phslan. Georce Stone.
Floor manager. Charles A. Siskron: assistant
flonr manager. Thomas Cooper.
Floor committe*" — Capper Hirt. W. W. Clarke,
J. Rarferty, E. Swartz. •
The Brotherhood of Teamsters has
elected the following officers:
At the first souvenir ball of the Broth
erhood of Blacksmiths in Teutonia Hall
last night a most enjoyable time was had.
The committees in, charge of the affair
were: •
Arrangements— J. gchaumleffl, T.. J. Draffln,
T. Marceille.
The State Federation of Labor will meet
this morning at room 207, Emma Spreck
cls building, to take action regarding the
enlistment of affiliated organizations in
their' future oartfclpatlon In the strike.
The federation erribraces 175 unions, with
about 40,000 members.
It Is currently reported that twenty-flve
expert .machinists are now on the way
from Toledo, Ohio, and will be escorted
to their various places of employment by
armed grards as soon as they arrive.
They will be furnished with shelter and
remain within their respective inclosures
until Buch time as labor conditions as
sume more settled phases.
In doing this they will not only assist our
cause, but will also materially better their
own conditions in the near future by po doing.
Our cause is your cause. Stand with us.
IXTER CATIOXAL ASSOCIATION OP MA
CHINISTS.
Machinists Coming From East.
The machinists and allied trades of San
FranclFco and vicinity desire to impress upon
the public, and all persons seeking- employment
in particular, that the above trades are now out
on strike for the nine hour per day and wish
the co-operation and sympathy of our fellow
men, to the extent that they refuse to take
our places upon the representations presented
by employers.
CITIZENS PLEASE READ!
The following placard to offset others
heretofore posted Is being displayed in va
rious portions of the city:
"Xo 'overtures have been made to us?
and none will be entertained. As many
agitators as the funds-of the American
Federation of Labor will permit may be
sent here to discuss this controversy, but
we propose to stand firm. We do not
propose to be dictated to by anv set of
men, but will treat each man on his Indi
vidual merits. He can secure wprk at
any time."
George E. Dow, secretary of the Metal
Trades Association, says that no compro
mise is possible.
No Compromise Possible.
strike of the ironworkers. If the machin
ists go back to work the backbone of the
strike will be broken. How to arrange
matters so that neither side may gain or
lose is now his only occupation.
Serious consideration was given, the sub
ject during yesterday afternoon. He met
the striking machinists during the day
at Sixth and Shipley streets; met the
leaders of the strike and Secretary Ros
enberg: of the Labor Council jointly at
headquarters, but no expression of opin
ion could be elicited.
VICE PRESIDENT WILSON
SEEKS TO AVOID NOTORIETY
ALAMEDA. June 29.— Paul Bord
¦well, ¦who by his presence of
mind and pluck . rescued one
companion, Samuel - Nathan.
from drowning in the tidal canal
last night and nearly succeeded in saving
the life of another. . Claude Smith, is a
modest hero of H years. He is not overly
impressed with the important part he
took in the playful but fatal struggle of
Xathan and Smith in the boat above the
deep waters of the channel, and asserts
that under similar conditions he would
again do likewise.
"When I saw Sam and Claude had' turn
bled Into water that I knew was away
over their heads I jumped from the boat
and swam out to help them, as neither
could swim much." said young Bordwell.
"When I got near them they were locked
together and struggling for dear life-
Sam grabbed me around the neck and all
three of us went under. When we came
up Sam was so weak that I shook him
off. Arthur Gtitt. who was in the boat.
worked it over near us. I caught hold of
the stern with one hand and with the
other I grasped Sam by the fingers of his
right hand and hauled him to the sur
face. Gott and I dragged him into . the
boat, where he fainted.
"I saw Claude's arms wave above tho
water a couple of times, but before I
could get back to him he went down and
that was the last of him."
At noon to-day the body of Claude
Smith was recovered by Rafael Robles
and Edward Schroeder, two youngsters,
who used a grappling hook in searching.
The remains were found close to the place
where the unfortunate youth was
drowned. They were taken to the local
Branch Morsue. Coroner H. B. Mehr
-man held an inquest thia evening. The
jury returned a verdict of accidental
death, due to submersion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIiJ SUNDAY, JUNE 30, ; 1901;
21
BAILWAT TBAVEX*
«aajgsfl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Most effective, agreeable- and
reliable Tonic Stimulant when
fatigued or overworked.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
RAILWAY TRAVEI,.
Cheap Rates
Easfvf;
Santa Fe
The places, the rates for
the round trip and ths
dates of sale are below.
The other details can hi
had of the Santa Fe agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00 '
July 3, 4; Aug. 22. 23;
Sept. 5, 6. .
CHICAGO, $72.50*
July 20, 21.
CINCINNATI, $76.50
June 30 and July 1.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 8. ; ; ; ¦ V ... > '
COLORADO SPRINGS'$55
July 8 and 9. ;•
-DETROIT, $82.25
•July 'I; and 2.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50.
Aug. 20 and 21. ' .¦ ,
MILWAUKEE, $74.50 '
July 17 and 18.
, The best service and the
pleasantest .way is fur-
nished by the
*¦•,'••'¦¦ •¦¦ ' ; ¦'•'.'.
Santa Fe
64! MARKET ST:
Santa Fe Trains
-Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
" I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Dally I « • J Dally | Dally
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a »:0Oa 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced . 12:2S p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford . »:13 p 8:27 p 7:06 a ........
" Vlsalia .. 3:40 p 4:« a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy S:40 a 7:30a
. '* Chicago ; | 2:15 p | 9:00 p
a for morning. ;p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California L!m»
lted, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining.
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
lnp train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fr<*mo local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally. - " "
8:00 n. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palaca and Tourlat Sleep«r» and
' Free Reclinlritf Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at S:S5
p. rn. - dally.
¦ 7:20 a. rn. i« P«ker«fl»1d Lo»*r1. ntopp!n«r
at all points !n San Joaanln -Valley. Cnr-
rpxronrlln? *rt>*n arrive* at 8:40 a. rn. dally.
¦¦ Of flce»— Ml MarVet s«*r»et ¦ and ln T-rrr
,T>eTwit.' Ban Francisco; 1111 Broadway. Oak-
land. ¦ .:¦ - -. • ¦¦ '
srvs-v /-v BOUND TRIP, Including* berth ln
U* *J *J train of first-claas - Pullman cars.
(TlrJCJ Leaves San Francisco July 6 at 7
TT*'" p. m. .Tickets good i?0 days, "with
stop-over, privileges returning;. A first-class trip
at a second-class mv« « mnniT" t^i
price. Through C C 1 A 'F'FT 17
the scenic sec- k/> Pj *V- I - - I I 'j Hj
tlons of three *-**-*^*> :¦*• «*>¦«¦¦
States. ¦ ••¦-. • ' . t ;>;.•- .".:
Make reservations early. Ask for folder. Ad-
f!fe*s THE AMERICAN GUARANTT AND
TRUST COMPANY. 828 Montgomery St.. Tele-
phone Main 5803.
•RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. 1
Trains l*»t***p Mini ui*<* ilnv i-ti» j*ri*iT© i*iv
NAN rKAN<!IM<!4».
(Main Line. Foot of Market 3 treat) '. •
tSAVB — FBOU JUSE 16k 1901. — ARBIT»
7:OOa Bonicla, Suisun, Elmira, VaciTlUe.
Bomaey and 3*cratuento 6;*3p
7t3tfA M«tiiie». San IUhiou, Vallejo. N»p»»
CalistngaamlSauta Uosa «:23p
8:««a Davia, Woodland. Knig&ts Landtaz,
MarysriUe. OroTille. ' 7iS»r
SiOOa A tlantio Rx>resa— Ocden and East 12:2Sp
»i»»a Uilea. Lathrop, Siociton 7a*t
StOOANUes, Mendota, Haaford. VisaU*.
PorterrilU 4:55»
8:3(1 a Shasta Express— Da-ria. Williams (fox
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7:53?
*!»«* S*u .Joae. Li»ermore, Stockton.
. • lose, Sacrameuto. PlaeertUij.
M»rTSTiIle, Chico. Ue<l Illuit . 4iZ.tr
8:30a Onkdale, Chinese (Yosemita). So-
nora.Oarten 4i33p
»:OOa Hay win!, Kilt* and Way SfcitloaJ.. 1 ltSa«
9<OOAValIe]o 12:25?
Uiuua Los Angeles Express — Martinet,
Tracy, Lathrop. diocktou. Meieed
Ftosdo aud Los Angeles 7t23p
. »:»OA Vallf)... Martinez ami Way Stations ?s.13r
ltti««A The Orerlaud Limited— Ogdoo. Dea-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago 8:.i3p
fl«<»*r Sacramento lUrer Steameis *, {S:OOa
3t30p Hajwud. NMes and Way Stations.. 7:33p
4>uor B«niota, Winters, Saoramonlo.
\V ou ai»»J, Knfchts ]jiudiii{.
M»rynfille, Oio? ills l»:«i
4>OOp Msrilnea, hau ltaiuoii, Valleju,
Nairn, (;aU»t<i(it, .iimta Uosa Vta.i^
4tOOrNiIe9, IiTermore, Stockton. Lodl... IS.aip
4iSUr Hayward. Wiles. Han Jos«. lAnxmom tS><V»^
i 4iaop fort Cob a. Tjacy. Lathrop. Stncstoa »<>.-a3*.
S-.«urTUe Owl Limited— riesuo. Tular*.
BakenOeld, Saugiia for SauU Bar-
bara, Los Angttl«a 9:33a
5:#0pMartinfz. Antioch, Btoekton, Mer- ¦
ced. Fresno 12:2.1i»
»:«'»(• Toseinite la»*Sp
5:3Op New Orleans Express— Mendoti*.
Fresno, BakersfieJd, Los Angeles,
Darning, £1 Paso, New Orleans
•ud E«t t 7irt5*
6i«l»r Haywaid. Nlleaaud Sau Joae 7i.Wt
t«t«Ov Vallejo 1 1:23*
tiiOitr Oriental Mall — Ozden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:25p
«:00r Oriental Jlail-O;den, Den?er.
St. Louis. Chioago. 4:23r
7i00r Oregon auil Califoruia tixpren, N»o.
rmniento. Maryn«ill«, ICeiMlni:.
r<>itl»«l. 1'ngot HuiiihI and Ka«t S;33a
Si«3pSan Pablo, Port Coate. Usrtlnas
and Way ritatioua 11:39a
t8;03p Valfojo ; 7:8»>
COAST MNE. (Narrow « aas «).
(Foot utM»rfcet Street.) »
{7:43a Santa Ctuz Excursion to nanta Cms "
and Principal Way Stations t":03?
8il 5* Newark. «Jfiiter»i!!e,.S*i». lose, Pel ton,
BonlderCreek.SaolaCr M »aud \Yaf
Stations 5«»«»
t*tl Br Newark, Centwille, Ban .Toae. New
Ahuadeu. Triton, lloitldor Creek.
SauU Ctuz and Principal Way
SUUOIIS lt)>30A
4s13p Newark, Man Jose. Los Gatos tS:-iO^
e<i!3p Gtenwood-BoujderCreok. BantaCrxa «Ht3>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom S1I f aiSdSCO-FMV of Mirkat Street (Slip 81—
t7:li »:00 ll-.OOl.M. 1:C3 3:90 5:15r.«,
TramOlIUSB— FMl«rB(»i«»T.— f<i:UO (9:00 t3;0i ,
lOiOOi.M. 12:00 2:03 tiC3r.M.
COAST LINE (Uroa-I IJanstB).
(Third and Townseuti Sts.)
6:IO« San Jcie and Way Htuions.. .._.... H-.r.itf
t7:OOA S*n Jo8«(»i..; Way SUti.in. ........ ¦¦»»•
/7lO«» New Aln.a.lmi / 1:1OP
t~»a«A Sunday Excorafon for San Jcse,
SaoU Cros. Pidfia Grofo and
Principal Way SUtions IS: 30?
8iOOaHh» Juae. Tr«s I'lnoa. 8aiiU Criir.
r»cliio Uro?«, dalinas. San Luis
OUspo. 8aata> Barbara ami Prin-
cipal intermediate -Stittiiiita 7:3<»p
10>20a 8an Jcae aud W»y Stations -«:! O»
lltUOA Sail .lose anil Way SUtiinm 5i3U? '
13:l5p San Mateo. Uetlwooil. Meulo Parlt.
Palo Alto. Hantu Clara. -S»u Jim,
' Tras Pinos. Sant* Crm, 8allaai.
Monterey ami PaciHa UruTe t»«>4»A
' HsnopSmn Jose and Way 8tall»ns 6:3i»a
1 1 l:ISp San Josean.l Principal Way Sutlons U:-«.l*
t3:00pSan Joae. Los Gatoe and Principal
Way Stations ffttdOA
3:Sap SanJoa« aud Principal Way Stations SiS«a
• •oop Bedwoad. Man Joae, Gllroy. Saliaai,
Santa Barbara. Lou Asgeles. ...... 1O:««»
«:00p Del Monte, -Monterey, Pacific arOTe,
Loapoe l»i«O*
• «:aop Sau Jose aud Way Stations t»:«»*
»ll:4Spa»n Joae and Way HUtiona.... 7»3Oy
A for Morninc. P for Afternoon.
t Rnixtay excented. J ."nnrlwy only.
a Satorday only. <MonrI»y.
c 8»tprday sBt Snaday. /TotwJaya and Fridays.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,'
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD 4
CO. | European plan. Rooms. 50c to SI 30 day;
$3 to $3 week: $8 to J3> month. Free baths; hoc
, and. cold -water every room; flre grates ta every
room; elevator runs all nixht. ,' - .
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAV
. Tla 8*uka«* f«rry— TcMcflbrtotSt. ' f
?St"w*i--.'"W r EEK DAYS..... $TS rM -
;2StS: .•.B^n>AT3_^J 3|o,:m:
X««».M- . • OJMy.u.
aaOKK.J - . "7:10».M.
¦ -. - rir»,S>afnasli»»«>8am»«B4S«t«n.8l.M
Ttrtrt Officra. 621 Market St.. ft Samalito Perry '
GALffOMIJl HORTHiESTEPi HI." CO.
LESSEE'
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry. Foot of Market St.
8an Francisco to San RafaeL
WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:00, 11:00 a. m. : U:3S.
. 8:30, B:10. 8:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturday*— Extra- trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-«:00, 9:80. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, 8:10.
1:00, 8:20 P. m. . : . . g|5
; „ • San Rafael to San Francisco. ,
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50, »:20, 11:10 a, m.: 11:45.
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:85 p.' m. •..-.(
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
6:06. 8:25 p. m. ¦ ¦¦- ¦;.¦-¦¦
Leave - I In Effect I ArrlT*
San Franclgco. [April 28. 1901.1 San Franclico.
Week I Suni I- . I 8un- . T Wert
Days. I day«. | De»tlnatlon. | days. • | Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 8:05 pm 10:18 ara
'6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
•: ' Fulton. - f>
7:80 am Windsor.' - ' 10:25 am
¦¦-. . (:00 pm HeaMabure. 10:40 am
Lytton. . . ¦ ¦ -;. . - : . - ;
Geyservllle.* " : " ' .
1:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. '. 7:85 pm 6:80 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland ,' 110:40 am|10:25 am
. 3:30 pml 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
T :30 am -• "/¦'¦ ,, 10:40 am 10:25 am
' . 8:00 am puernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm 5:00 pm ; -¦>-.•• ,- 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am I Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
I. .'¦•• and " '. '- "¦;: :v ; -'- ¦
Glen Ellen."* 8:03 pm 6:20 pra
7:S0 anil 8:00 ami ' -:>. |10:40 amjl0:25 am
:: 8:30 pml 6:00 pm| Sebaatopol. • I 7:85 pm| 6:30 pm
' Stages connect at -Santa Rosa' for. Mark West
Gprintcs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for J Skasgs Springs; at Cloverdala
for.' the • QeyBere; at:; Hopland .for .Duncan
fiprlfirs. 'Highland Spring. Kelseyvllle, Carls*
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Laket>ort and Bartlett
Springs: Rt ITklah for Vlehy Springs. - Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel .Dell Lake. ¦ Witter
Sprlnrs. Upper ; Lake.- Pomo. ; Potter i Valley,
John Day's," Riverside, -Llerloy's. • Bucknell's.
Banhedrln -Heights. .Hullvllle. ' Orr*! 'Hot
Springs.- Mendodno ¦ City. 'Port Bragg.' TTest-
port. * Usal. ' Wllllts.- Laytonville. Cummins.
; Bell's Springs. ; Harris. ; Olsen's. .- Dyer. - Scotia
and- Eureka.. ?¦>¦*.•;' •;•¦; ¦-.- ¦'¦:¦ ¦• •'• ¦'*¦•.>. -"•>¦•. :
..8aturday to Monday round trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.. ?,.<¦..* -».^-,\,v^i---'_.:...v.'.« ¦.. :
i ¦ On - Sunday " round trip tickets to all points i
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.' •; ¦¦¦ v s ¦
. .¦ Ticket Office. • 680 Market street. Cbroalcl* '. -
t-.l/-VT -'•>¦¦',}= a ¦.¦¦•.Bulldlnc.s-j.:^^:.-,. ~..- r ,¦ ¦•, .
;H.C.'WH1T1*JO.'' - '. v.'j». i X. : RTAK. '
-¦ Gen.' Manager. *; i J ' Ocn. Pass. Agt.
P 'Tra'ins marked (*) "tart from ; 8an Quontln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO:
WEEK DATfr-5:«. 6M». 7:65. 10:30
a m .IJ'33 1:45.-2:45, S:BO, 6:10. 6:20 p. m.
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays "t.7:10 and n _10:8S p. m. .
fUNPATS-«:3S 8:00 - 10:03 - llilO' a. m.. < U:1S.
1-20 ' 2-8C »:45. B:00.-«:1B.-7:15. 10: SO p. m. • • ¦
' ' THROUGH TRAINU.^ . .
•¦• «:5$ a. in. week days-^:a«adero and way tta-
8-15' p." m. i Saturdays^-CaeaderO" and way sta-
i--»*io p. m.Jweek days \ (Saturdays «xeepted>_
Tomales "and way- stations.-., :-; -iV . . . -¦ v . * ,
% a,>m. Sund*y»-Ca«ad«n» and t w»y
.10:00 a. m. Sunday*— Point ..Reyea^ and. way
•tattoo*-.' . ; .-,'.:•; -vf ::¦: .
Via SfeuealltO Ferry.
"Commencing April 28, -1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALXBI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:66, 8:30, •»: 30, 11:00 a, m..
1I-4S *1:<5 3:15, 4:15. 6:15, •6:15, 8:45 p. m.
EXTRA 'TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays at »:80 and 11:40 p. m. >j ¦ ¦ • ;
6UNDAYS-7:00 8:00.^-9:00 •10:00 11:00, li:W
a. m 12:45, »l:30, 2:30. *3:45. 5:00 18:00, 7:30
P. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Tratnl' marked (•) run to San Quentlo/
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO. SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*5:25. «::... 7:47. 10:15
a. in.. 12:25. 1:15. J:20. •3:35 l 4:«0. S:JO p.r m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at, 6:45 and. 10:00 p. ta: , .¦-¦ .-.¦
EUNDATS-«:15. ?8:00. : »:45. ni;00 a. m., »1J
m.. 1:00, 2:15. «3:30. 4:!0. "S^S. «i45. 7:3o7w:W
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
A new ecientlfic means of curing weaknesses
of men and diseases peculiar to the sex has
at lart been discovered, and the prescription
is b*ir.R offered free to all who eend name and
address.
Dr. IT. G- L'.pes, 1135 Stevenson building.
Indianapolis. Jnd.. Is the discoverer of this
remarkable new system of treatment, and he
faye there is now no difficulty ln curing the
worst caw« which may arise from diseases of
has made a long study of Sexual
EMMH-dera and he claims to have found the
exact medicine which removes all traces of
debilitating disease from the human tystem,
re*tore* the flre ani buoyancy of youth, and
eupplie* the etrenpth of body and nerves that
all wish for but »o few possess. Impotency.
niirhtly emissions, varicocele, nervousness and
kindred troubles disappear in a marvelously
ehort space of time, while any weakened or
emaciated oricana are restored in a very few
day" to their natural «ize and vigor.
\Wn you etap to consider the possibilities
«f loving and being loved as only strong, well
and hapPT »"«> caa *>• u do ** B ** m tnat any
•>exually weak man should no longer hesitate,
but wrSte at once for the receipt which costs
absolutely nothing. There are no restrictions
whatever, aa Dr. LIpe« is anxious that every
afflicted man who needs it should have the
fc*n*flt of one of his free prescriptions with-
out delay. The treatment can be owd In the
prlvary of your own home without the knowl-
edge of even your mo«t intimate friend or as-
sociate.
Write to-day and learn that while the re-
ceipt corts you nothing at all. it may change
your whole existence from one of, misery to
a eestlnuoua life of pleasure and happineea. „
The Prescription Is Sent Free to Any-
one Who Writes.
A New and Successful Method
of Restoring Weakened Phys-
leal Powers, Curing Sexual
Weakness, Nerve Exhaustion
and Lost Vitality.
FREE TO WEAK MEN,
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PESTIFEROUS GEHM.
Burrows Up the Scalp Into .Dandruff
and Saps the Hair's Vitality.
People who complain of falling hair as
a rule do not know that it is the result
of dandruff, which is caused by a pestifer-
ous parasite burrowing up the scalp as It
dies down to the/sheath in .which the hair.
Is fed in trie' scalp. Before long the hair
root is shriveled up and the hair drops
,out. If the work of the germ is not de-
stroyed hair keeps thinning till baldnoss
comes. The only way to cure dandruff is
to kill the germ, and until now there has
been no hair preparation that would do it;
but to-day dandruff is easily eradicated by
Newbro's Herpicide. which makes the hair
glossy and soft as silk. ,"
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ; ROSENBEB.Q'S.
JOE BOSENBESG'S.
I^^^^^^^m^^^m Wim0 '' '^^Sr An Item From Our We close out to-morrow a DAINTY NECKWEAR a
GOODS DEP'T, MUSLIN UNDERWEAR Neckwear can" Tie found here in I
I^^^^S^V^^^S^^X ' And a G00d One.Too by alnt hanllinS ever 7 possible variety, shade and f
'jw*". fe^W LADIES' C H A T E- Laundering will make these garments style at prices that astonish aE. ffl
1 *^V LAINE BAGS, made of as good as new, but the prices are cut ' ro^l^ PS %
U V^%^^^^^^^^^^ pray in coior, ornamented ladies- SKIRTS, made- of very El*^ J?^^^Jf^S'v^JL ?^^n™" W
'^NJ^ i^ We&**«®xmfSF :^ SL^ I with scroll of cut steel beet muslin deep flounce with thre<^ ,, ? u ]?Z y or t p<;>int Q^ venicp trimrnins:. M
? •- ' ¦<^JEM3&^&gr n^/M be <ids, riveted steel frame Insertions of torchon lace, finished %\ ™™ r *M Patterns to choose from. (*
•A . .¦ X '^ '/Zs^r |//l nnd hook leather covered, w ith deep lace eds?e extra dust ruffle rir ecl as never before- Lt)C »
•jjj x, ft '** lined throughout with cut wid<? and made very full. Marked AI^SO. LADIES"-GOLF TIKS. mad© f
2 » J leather, inachine- sewn, for rapid selling- Sl.<>f) °f very best pique, pood wide ends. M
Ji £ i J^^Vf _ * block bottom. Shown else- hq LADIF 5 ?' GQWN'S made of made, neatly fiirishRd. These ties ¦
I / B where as decided bargains , h^=t Wiinwnv (innMovnt» v.i/»ir f, nn t are the most ifashtorable neclrwear '
a • I % w«^i . - , at ?z.ou, our snowing vr i.i, o mar i o «— ¦ *>,<, P t. nn inr t»-«»v« worn witn snirt waists tnia summer. (5
- » . ¦ • S -*- » *-'''' ........•..•••••...... 5J% M- • cf * m clusters of effflit tiiok^ fllt-f*T*Tif*ti n^ ou caii l dc mt ltnout ocne Rl «.ms prico ',
3 _ _ *-i«-nn-i-,rp.c< iir« c>ii i,ni, ¦'. "'^•'i » «-• •. . »^. with hemstitching-: neck! front and — • »•-•'• «5ej
M &*&. Buy your COBSETS ;WASH VEIL EVENT. *sleevea trimmed with hemstitched ruf- - , . M
I Tvjf you can get the ' ' >FS<pV - 5000 Ladies' f fn'quaiit^alJpHce, 81265 ' Unexc^ "No place like Joe Rosen- 1
J^C best for the least-that's - . Wash Veils, . A , „ n " n - I w "". ,' "*;.". be r^'s for M
•I /fe^ at Joe Rosenberg's. His ¦ ¦>) made of best WHERE CAN YOU EQUAL RIRBON SPECIALS " S
i« line of corsets v is the .^S^P^ quality net, fig- THESE: ..KIBBUN bPtClALS , |
I >SI^ most complete Mn ths %J^^W{ ured and dotted, * For S^'Ie and Quality ? t to«nS! 1
I » shm, short, or tall, he 1/ , fine beauty en- (C^8, SET , COVERS. jTh /$$< are ,t£ talk of the M
& has just the corset for your figure. X^t*:/ ,,../ 1 / lmnpin? mesh 5 T^W made of the best CjjriL*\ SOiCA town for thedr ex- S
§ Pi™ him a trial and benefit bv ¦ ¦¦•¦ Vyji-v -^h lancing - mesc. ' V~ W cambric, tight fit- tScZS^UAMM treme good values. |
Give Him a trial ana Denent oy ->v!^ same as accom- ' S f tins, trimmed *4^^yji3i) For this week S
I the advice of an expert corset-fit- " ~<^^^r .'"" " lia ; n vineT)icturB ¦ *«r V with four rows of ( fc^"^- /w\\ we' have yards fe 1
ter. Por this week's special: , " / ;¦- " ' Lt^a veU in? -? : /%gM\ " tfAiSSJ ! lace^' W^t?- M SSffi 8
* LADIES' CELEBRATED MAJESTY . . , .' _|,_ + t--,,, - o \a f or 50- feafc^^LJa \ portion, neck and \ i'.^J 'l?it\ BON, regular sash S
.§ CORSETS, made of very best quality this lot but what has sola lor ou. ragg|^^ v Rr . m holes flnishcrt \^/ h*h\ width, ikade o£ fi
I? Italian cloth, boned throughout with and 75c. All now marked 25c jS#M|fW\ \ witn one lnch /y^\ /**/ best quality silk, W
4 bost quality tempered steel, warrant- . J vSMfflw )> \ i(1e lace - ma( 3e /y «V \vX\ « o ft and wash- fl
ed not to break and guaranteed for clllUMICD ri AVCC / /XSBy^ J the sa ™ e *? plc " V>n able, in all the S
THREE MONTHS, thaf is; if a steel SUlVllVlbK ULUVti / A^T^V } ure - Jo f R . ose "- rflWe st «hade\ a^d black. Another |1
ssa'sss'aasf^.'BflSrtJ.' M$miim^*i?0m [\K\ i°£*tt™*>™- ¦sss^?^. - «g 1
dium or long lengths; equal if not bet- LADIES 1 GLOVES, made of best VJ? : *} ' fl\ er than the low- Ribbon Bows tlad fiee by «p«riene8d.bo-wo»k8ri. 3|
! ter than any made to order corset. Our taffeta silk, stitched back, two clasps. r \ "¦ est oOc -"3
! price • 82.75 light and cool: just the glove for warm , |MCM liMncDCIAIDTC ?I J
SUMMER CORSETS Vp&&^J£?Jtt%gi& SS S'L'STL. SUMMER UNDERWEAR- ¦¦
j For less lhan half their usual IS'd°7n, b^iv^ y .."" a ..*°:.. au .a5e JS.lJtSW^.S'Ji.TS" ""¦"""**• Priced to Suit Your Purse. I
NoWe.foTl^wHT-AKD SWELL SHIRT WAISTS .^Sl^.^SS I
ift'i:"" C ° rWt '" m <"" S a ' R °"" Tl»n,-. a gr«.t dlff«r.n« Mno . ALSO. LADIES' | DSDERSKIRTB. gR,.'!".'.'? '^¦...^..'^S 1
P ' They are made of best quality per- Q cf\X> Rrtr I AfP ' cream A bargain in every sense of SB-
i c Al P PYTPArtDniNARV cale, in striped or figured effect, back 9C rOK 3UC LALt. ?hl word IT " •• 25c I
SALt fcA I KAUKPIINAKY. and front tucked, new bishop sleeves, . „ extensive nrice reductions In te IB.
3 T.adies' Kimo- : -adjustable collar; colors, pink, blue, OU r ce denartm ent , B
i <§§& -n«« nf«^ of rcd> la J e , nder> ck , and wWte JKS sto yards black french lace, we carry every conceivable i
• naS ' made of rose. Prices cut in two oOc ln all the newest oatterns. warranted -™ w shane and Style of M
|. ¦ very best qual- . fast black, four inches wide, suitable snapeanuMyicvi .j
I itv lawn striu^d WASH SUIT EVENT for summer dress or silk skirt trim- BELTS II
"9 /&?<&f&\ ity iawn,strip-a Wrt^n JUI 1 CV.cn I. mln& . Remarkable price concessions DCI-IO.
I ¦ : $^&WJk ° r figrured • Wash Suit Occasion Extraor- • — • 9c Nothing ne-w or novel that we g
S A$$^Jm'-- fec *J ne 1 ck ' front dlnary. HANDKERCHIEF TALK haven't in stock. |§
? A®8& 38'' and sleeves • LADIES' SUITS, made of best qual- nnnu^ ctSL ~. l , r ? . ' Here are two specials that ara g
i JN^W- S^ trimmed with ity lawn or linen, waist tucked back Good, strong and convincing. while readine* S
I ' VZy^W* aflla v>~—a v-«^ a ** 'ull front, fancy stitched collar and . \t~~A tu% Frtllnvulnd ¦ worth y our wnne reatung. m
I rSV^$H broad bands Of stltched fly fiont , new bishop sleeves; Kead the rol ><>WUI&> _iui_LiiiiLJUilUiiiJiL L A D I E ff |
* kZZ^&Ljg&f white— colors sk'.rt seven-sored flounce, cut very full, LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, nrnfle BELTS, made of
* f" >n\\\v^. »,«-«-b. v>in«Tr «ri,i perfect hanging and fitting, being? cut of best Irish lawn, neatly hemstitched. \E^. m4£* best pressed 39
% \ ' "( \ f-^*^ pinjs, Diacs anil after very best tailor patterns. An op- unlaundered, just as they come from Xfi?^. v*§r Krain leather. R
I . v . ¦ / ' • l-^T white, lavender, portunity unparalleled in price interest, the nunneries, neat hand-made initials. with fancy silt SB
I and blue. We bought these from Regular $6.50 suit, now. -..$3.45 Our way of selling «c *S^t ? ' neTSS ! 3
I an overstocked manufacturer at |fl|-^ nhftf RfUmft R16 MARKET STREET fashionable -25c Mr
i lust half of their former pric IL U il^ U fA KS" U B! iTl^r\rva^i >o i another-LADIES" BELTS, made g
I Come here Monday and be oL of JUt KUdtSiOERb Running through to H O'Farrell, « el^^^J^^^ s I
M,- the lucky ones .. .* ....... .59c Mail Orders Solicited. • PHELAN BUILDING. effect. A wonder at this price.... 35 C - ~|
it
¦ Oak Extension Table, 42-in. B
: quarter-sawed . oak top, heavy H
\ fluted legs, extends to six fj
\ feet .; .....$S.7o |
1 Get an estimate from: us on H
i everything required to furnish H
! your . entire establishment. 9
! Credit and free delivery within B
j 100 miles. We close at six, ?|
I except on Saturday. a
I FURNITURE CO,, I
I 338-342 POST STREET, I
! / Opposite Union Square. pj
xUhneerA 'r J'.tar47ftW i TP»n l AOT-->~iTrvi 1 -Kt»^«w.- f -nq^g
Illinois Central R> R.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS OF* SALE
June 33, July f .CINCINNATI and return—
$n o n a
/DoOU
July I and 2, DETROIT an j return-
<j£OO OC
July 3and 4, BUFFALO and return—
July 20 and 21, CHICAGO and return—
Return Limit 60 Days. •
W. H. SNEDAKER, 'Generar;
Agent,
648 Market :st/v 'Chronicle; Bide:.years of age, at 454 Clementina
street, and Frederick Shaw, a young man
who rooms in the house, each swore to a
complaint in Judge Mogan's court" yester
day for the arrest of John Williams, a
teamster for Farnsworth & Ruggles, on
the charge of threats against life. In
each case the bonds were fixed In $2000.
-Williams had been paying his addresses
to Miss Coop, who did. not encourage him,
and. finally^her mother told him to stop
calling at the house. Since then, it Is al
leged, Williams has been standing outside
the house at. night, and whistling to at
tract the girl's attention. . Last Sunday
Shaw took the girl and her mother to
church, .which so incensed Williams that
he made it a point to call at the house
and declare his' Intention of killing the
girl and Shaw, of whom he is Insanely
Jealous. -.; .. • '
JTJI/irTS ARNOIiD ENDS
HIS LIFE WITH GAS
An Unknown Man Hires Room In a
Hotel and Commits
Suicide.
A poorly dressed man who gave his
name as Julius Arnold engaged a cheap
room last Friday night in the United
States Hotel. At 2 o'clock yesterday
morning an attache of ti»e hotel named
Gruell noticed the odor of illuminating gas
and traced it to the room occupied by
Arnold. The door/ was broken open and
Arnold was found lying dead on his bed
with one end of a rubber tube In his
mouth and the other end fastened to the
gas fixture, the key being turned on fully
so as to allow the gas to escape into the
tube.
The body was taken to the Morgue,
where it will remain for identification.
No letters or other property were founu
on the person of the dead man by» which
he could be identified.
• Tmpper'i Oil eurea ' rheumatism *nd neuralgia.
Druggists/ Mo flartc . Richard* & Co.. «« Clay.*
Mrs. Kleinclaus Files New Suits.
•Theklay .Durard Klelnclaus'. [instituted
three more suits yesterday . against i Eliza
Dutard with the object in. view. of gaining
possession of a portion of the estate of the
late Hyppollte Dutard. ¦: ,
MmraatosnMfBg^&3£ji23EgS!iiJHNH#VnHH^H^|
Held for Smuggling.
M. J. McDonoughTwas examined' yester
day by United States. Court Commissioner
Heacock? on : a ' charge^of , smuggling . a box
of twenty-five ; cigars from the transport
Logan. He. was held- for trial and his bail
was fixed , at, $100.-: ,;:¦¦¦ .¦''-".¦:•' !_: V '
Low Rates All Over the State.
Southern Pacific will sell Fourth of 'July
excursion tickets at low rates- from every
ticket office on the system. On sale July. 3
and 4,. limited. to July 8.. For details in
quire of nearest agent, or at 613 Market
street. -.* ¦ . ;V ¦ ,' ' ¦ ','..¦ ' , • " • ¦'¦
Sudden Death of Henry Rosenbaurn.
Henry Rosenbaum," who conducted a
tailor shop at 185 Jessie street, fell dead
at 12:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon -while
standing beside a sewing machine talking
with C. Green. " He was a native of Ger
many and resided with. his wife and fam
ily at 1923 Ellis, street.
The next Democratic State convention
In Virginia will perhaps beat the State's
record In the matter of membership, as
it will be composed of about 1440 dele
sates. ' k
Leo Assembly No. 4 of the Young- Men's
Catholic Union has elected the following
Earned officers for the ensuing term:
E. P. McAuliff,- president: Edgar F.
Slattery and A. Coturri. vice presidents;*
John T. Burns, recording:, and D. F.
Ahren. financial secretary; T. Maguire,
treasurer; James M. Callan, marshal;
Joseph C. Campbell, T. J. O'Shaughnessy.
Patrick Maher, Cornelius Dalton, Joseph
Cervo Jr.. M. Callan and J. E. OTtonnelL
trustees; Dr. J. V. Hughes, medical exam
iner; D. F. Ahren, William H. Philpott.
Edgar F. Slattery. Patrick Wallace, Wil
liam C. Billington and E. M. O'Reilly,
delegates to the Grand Assembly.
Leo Assembly's New Officers.
Imprinted bank check stamps no longer
required. Redeem them at room 1008, Call
building. •
TURLOCK SUIT
DECISION GIVEN
Judge Lorigan Decides
in Favor of Bond- (
holders. -
-: — .*_ — ; .., •
The famous Turlock Irrigation District
case has been decided' by Judge Lorigan
of Santa Clara County, sitting at Modesto
for Judge Minor, lnjavor of .the district
as against the complaining landowners.
Bonds .to the value of $1,200,000 \ were in
volved in the suit. . . \\
, The action was, a case to determine the
right of the land owners to restrain the
sale of property for assessments levied to
pay interest on the bonds.'
In deciding the case Judge Lorigan has
filed an elaborate opinion, .covering forty
four'pages of typewritten matter, fully
discussing the issues raised. His -decision
is that; the district is a' valid municipal
corporation; ; thut . lt:'had : power to issue
.the bonds, and that they, were Issued in
accordance with law.' He decides that the
landowners are not entitled to an injunc
tion, but must pay their assessments.
The attack upon < the bonds was based
upon various alleged irregularities in is
sue. The suit was brought by taxpayers
against the district, but the bondholders
intervened and aided the district in its de
fense. 1 . , .¦ ¦ .
Following are portions of the decision:
The law" as to the legality of municipal
bonds, when applied In a suit brought by a
taxpayer to enjoin the Issue of bonds : which
are still in the hands and under the control
cf the district officers, is quite different from
the law which Is to i be applied when the suit
Is one where the question , of .validity Is. raised
between the taxpayer j and one who holds the
bonds after they have rbeen issued and dis
posed of' by the district and claiming to be a
bona fide holder \thereof. ., *,.;,. ; .,,...,.
Responsibility of Purchaser.
And in this regard It is. Insisted In this ac
tion, on behalf of*the intervening bondholders,
that.iflfls true.-asa-proposition of law, that
before the- bonds were Issued by the district
a taxpayer , could attack 1 their I legality for Ir
regularities or " In the steps, taken
preliminary to their : issue, yet, alter their
sale and t'ellvery by the district, any party
acquiring them in good faith in the ordinary,
course of business and for. value, and without
knowledge of any irregularity or illegality .In
their issue, holds them free from any right of
either the district or taxpayer thereof to (ques
tion their validity oh account*- of ; such defects'
or irregularities. ¦-».: , ! , i
' I am of ¦ the opinion that where bond*.: are
payable to .bearer, -and on their face recite
that- they are issued by virtue of the provisions
of a: specified act of 'the Legislature, that the
purchaser is not required to make any inquiry
further than to ascertain whether the specified
act gives power to issue. them. • • • .
j - :-¦ - Money- Properly^ Spent. 3 .¦ j
There Is no pretense but^he bonds were sold;
for all they, were worth, and that every dollar;
of the • money went ; to establish an irrigation
system, complete and. effective in its general
a-nd largely in its special details, and equal
to If not better than any in the land. .
This system is in active operation and is
conferring: < vast benefits on those who are
taking advantage of its. existence. ' ' .
The assessments levied have been paid by
all. the taxpayers with the exception of these
plalntlff8, and probably a few. others* They
are levied to pay. interest "on bonds issued for
rtoney actually expended in-' constructing the
Irrigation ! work. . There is no suggestion that
these moneys have been : squandered ; or that
the district , officers have not expended every
dollar received— upward of a million— fairly
and. honestly. "Under these circumstances
court' should ¦•¦ not- favor suitors who seek to
repudiate obligations; while they enjoy the
benefilts. ••• ?_,.;, ¦¦ '
- Jt Is well. ? occasionally, to recall the fact
that there is no more reason, to permit ami-'
nicipal government, either through its- officers
or the taxpayers, to repudiate its ¦ solemn ¦" ob
ligations than there Is to permit an Individual
to do so. Good faith and- fair dealings should
be exacted of the one : equally with the ; other.
The Board of Public "Works will Bubmit
a report of Its Building Bureau to the
Board of Supervisors to-morrow, Bbowlng
that during the last fiscal year there were
Issued 1204 permits for the building of new
structures in this city. This is an increase
of 204 over the figures for the year 1S99
1900 and demonstrates the activity In
buildins; operations for one year.
Ab a result of the Increased number of
building permits Issued the city treasury
en^L ched b *' tne eum of more than
$50,000. This sum was collected under an
ordinance recently adopted by the Board
of Supervisors, which provides for a grad
uated scale of fees according to the value
of the building to be erected. The sched
ule follows:
If the estimated cost of the erection or al
teration of the building is under $500, no fee
shall be charged for the permit. If the cost is
more than J600 and less than $1000 ,a fee of $1
la chained; between S1000 and 11000. fee of J4:
between $2000 and $7000. fee of $7; between $5000
and $10,000, fee of $12; between J10.O0O and $15,
000. fee of $17 50: between $15,000 and $20,000,
fee of $30; between $20,000 and $23,000, fee of
325, and $1 Is charred for every $5000 or frac
tion thereof In excess of $25,000 for expenses of
lnepectlon and examination of the building and
j/lans and specification*.
Bureau's Report Shows
Issuance of Many
Permits/
NEW BUILDINGS
ARE INCREASING
Mrs. Virginia Vaccari, wife of a saloon
keeper at Mason and Lombard streets,
was arrested yesterday afternoon on a
warrant from Judge Mogan's court charg
ing her with causing a child to suffer
pain. She was released on cash bail. The
arrest was made by Officer McMurray of
the California Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children.
The complaining witness la Carl Peter
son. 10 years of age, whose parents live
at C28 Lombard street. The yards of the
two families adjoin each other and the
boy alleged thaL while he was in his yard
playing ball wltn Johnnie Young, a neigh
bor's boy, about ten days ago, the ball
was knocked over the fence into the
Vaccari premises. Carl climbed up a pole
alongside the fence to get over to recover
the ball, when, he says, Mrs. Vaccari
came out on her porch and threw a pan
of boiling water on his shoulders. He
was afraid to tell his parents, for fear of
getting a beating 1 , and it was not till Fri
day that Mrs. Peterson discovered that
the boy's back from shoulder to shoulder
was blistered. Then he told what Mrs.
Vaccari had done. The boy suffered con
siderable-pain, but bore it rather than
get a beating from his father. Mrs. Peter
son exposea his back, which was very
much inflamed and blistered, but showed
signs of healing.
Mrs. Vaccari when arrested denied that
she had thrown any boiling water at the
boy. She said her daughter, a girl about
10 years of age, threw some cold water at
him about ten days ago because he was
climbing up the pole to steal their plants.
She had warned Mrs. Peterson several
times to keep the boy away from the
plants and admitted that about a year
ago she said that unless he stopped she
would throw boiling water at him but
she did not mean it. Her daughter had
seen the boy bathing at the beach last
Sunday and (here _was then nothing
wrong with his back, she said.
Mrs. Virginia Vaccari
Is Accused of the
Deed.
THROWS BOILING
WATER AT BOY
The most remarkable year on record In
the history of coinage of money closed
last nicht at the United States Mint in
this city, the business for the year
amounting to the enormous total of $80,
211,426.
These figures represent the value of
gold and silver coins made at the local
Mint and statistics show that In no other
mint in the world has there ever been so
great an output of currency.
The record was previously held by the
Philadelphia Mint, where In 1881 coins to
the value of $76,000,000 were struck. Liast
year the business of the San Francisco
Mint was $54,000,000, and the big Increase
in business. for the closing fiscal year Is
a source of pride to the ortlclals of Uncle
Sam's money-making establishment.
Statistics /as to the work ; done in the
various departments will not be complete
for some days, but Colonel H. P. Bush,
chief statistician of the Mint, was able to
furnish some very intersetlng data yes
terday. The colonel ¦ expects to work
night and day until" the records are readv
-to be made public. •
During the fiscal year ending last night
the coinage at the Mint was as follows:
gold. .
Double e&sles $30,570,000
Eagles • 14,U2.0C0
Half-eagles 9,800,000
' Gold total ;....' :... .$74,482,500
SILVER. '
Dollars $4,888,000
Halves i.'.'N 450,000
Quarters • 128.1Ci>
Dimes 262,760
Silver total .$5,728.926
Gold and silver total ......|S0,2n,42«
During the year more ' than $20,000,000
came from the Seattle Assay Offlcv, the
bulk of it being gold .from the Klondike
fields. Nome and other fields contributed
about $5,000,000 of this amount.
Local banks imported from Australia
$1C,000,000 in English sovereigns, which
were sent to the Mint and' recoined into
American gold. currency.
The stock of gold on hand in the vaults
of the> Mint amounts to a- little more«than
$50,000,000. Of this reserve $45,000,000 was in
coin and was recently counted by the ex
perts. / ¦ ' " .¦ -—
The vaults of the Mint also contain $55,
000,000 In silver coin and bars. The stock
of silver was counted four years ago, and
since that time has reposed in sealed steel
chambers. . ... ..¦.,.•
' The interesting work of cleaning • the
chimney flues and floors was being car
ried en yesterday. Quite a sum of gold
dust is found every year when this work
is done, and pending the cleanup ' visitors
are not allowed in.'the Mint. ; . . ~
The Selby Smelting Company sent a
large quantity of gold to the Mint during
the last year for coinage. This gold rep
resented the output of mine& in this State
and also of discoveries In Alaska and the
British Northwest territories. "
The Mint will be open again for visitors
on and after July 5. .
Coinage for Fiscal Year
More Than Eighty
Millions. '¦
. F. S. Stratton, Collector of the Port,
has gathered a few statistics to show how
business is increasing in the Custom
h'ouse -along with the growing, commerce
and general prosperity of \ this coast. A
few of these statistics will prove interest
ing reading, when the fact is noted that
this rapid , increase dates from the Span
ish-American war. • : ,
Clement? G. Perkins, cashier of customs,
reports the total receipts from duties, ton
nage taxes, fines, fees, etc., as follows, for
the flBcal years ending:
Juno 30, 1897... .. |5,309,782 04
June 30. 1898 6.393,753 63
June 80, 18S9 6,603.855 26
June 20, 1900... 7,083,942 52
June SO. 1901 7,484,241 86
All " vessels engaged in trade with the
Orient via Honolulu now' pay tonnage
taxes at Honolulu. If paid here as form
erly (before the act providing a govern
ment, for the Territory of Hawaii went
into effect, June 14. 1900) the i receipts
'shown above for the fiscal year just
closed would be considerably, more.
The number .of entries of merchandise
will eive a fair idea of the clerical work
necessary to collect all this money, and
shows the gradual and steady increase of
business. The number of entries for the
fiscal years ending on June 28 were as fol
lows:
June 30, 1898 19.203|June 30, 1899.... '....19, 649
June 30, 190O.....:.. 21,0301 June 30, 1901 23,174
The entrances and clearances of vessels
in the foreign trade show a healthy
growth, the figures for the last three fis
cal years being:
Number Net
CLEARANCES. . Vessels. Tonnage.
June 30, 1899...." 703' 977,815
June 30, 1900 848 1,319.235
June 30. 1901 907 1,426,365
Number Net :
ENTRANCES. ! Vessels. Tonnage.
June 30/1899.. 770. 1,088,051
June 30, 1900.. ..rrr..... 91V 1,339,558
June 30, 1901. 917 1,486.265
Vessels in the Hawaiian trade have been
in the coastwise trade since June 14, 1900,
but for the purpose of comparison with
former years the entrances from and
clearances to Hawaii are included in the
above figures.
Tonnage of Vessels.
Thg tendency nowadays is to build
larger vessels, each having many more
owners than formerly, and while the num
ber of vessels . documented at this port
may not greatly exceed the number for
the fiscal year ending June 30. 1900, the
total tonnage will be considerably in
creased, but the figures will not be obtain
able for some weeks owing to the time
required to tabulate the same.
A fair ictea of the growing business in
the shipping line may be obtained, how
ever, from the number of bills of sale re
corded at the Custom-house, which were
as follows for the fiscal years ending:
JUne 30. 1S99... 427|June 30, 1900 708
June 30. 1901 1122J
The foregoing statistics partially repre
sent the heavy increase in the business
in the departments in charge of Deputy
Collector N. S. Farley.
Chief Deputy Collector William B. Ham
ilton, who is also storekeeper of the port,
has a few figures to show that hie depart
ment is fully abreast of the times and
keeping right along with the procession.
For instance, comparing the business
done for the last two fiscal years with
the two preceding fiscal years, the in
crease of business has been 22 per cent
MINT BREAKS
ALL RECORDS
fact that at the recent special session of
the Washington Legislature a law was
passed exempting from taxes all vessels
documented at any Custum-house • in
Washington and engaged exclusively in
trade between the ports of that State and
the ports of any other State, Territory or
foreign country. Of course owners of ves
sels ¦ engaged in such trade ! will lose no
time in documenting their vessels at one
of the Sound ports, and thus not: only be
exempt from taxes in Washington, <but
also escape paying taxes in this State.,
A further idea of the growing commerce
of this port can be obtained from a com
parison of the number of licenses issued
to masters, mates and engineers for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 1900, with the
number issued at other ports:
Issued" at San Francisco .........1079
Issued at New York • ••• 9 19
Issued at.~Boston........ 535
Issued at Baltimore 336
Issued at New Orleans. ; 243
Issued at Philadelphia... 228
Issued at Buffalo .......:.... Ill
/ Of -course the total number of licensed
'officers at New York (and- possibly ¦ at
some few other ports) exceeds the total
•number at this port, but the figures above
show that the increased commerce de
manded many additional licensed officers
even a year ago. ¦
The figures for the present fiscal year
will not be obtainable until tabulated and.
published from Washington, which will
not be. done for several weeks.
\ V ¦ •"- V '¦¦•¦"¦¦"¦-¦¦ '¦» , - — ¦•¦. • -.- -^ ""...-¦- '
Receipts for the -Fiscal Year Eliding on June 30, 190J, Show
an' Enormous Increase in the Trade of the Port
or ban Francisco* ;
In the number of warehouse bonds (goods
bonded immediately after direct importa
tion); 160 per cent in rewarehouse bonds
(imported goods withdrawn from bonded
warehouse • at another ¦ port" and . brought
here in .bond: and deposited in bonded
warehouse -at this port) ; 350 per cent in
entries for" transportation . of . goods in
bond from this to other ports; 100 per cent
in entries for transportation and exporta
tion of bonded- merchandise to Mexico;
500 per .cent in similar entries for Canada
(this ¦ latter . enormous increase ; being due ,
principally to the Klondike trade), and
the withdrawals for consumption on pay
ment of duty have increased over 46 per
cent. ¦-"¦¦ ¦ ¦¦• . ¦. •. - ... -¦_, • K;
There has been an Increase of two In
the number of regular bonded warehouses
in the past two years (Sunset and South
End warehouses), and an increase of from
one to three in the bonded manufactur
ing warehouses. The business of the last
'named warehouses is constantly increas
ing. As all goods prepared in bonded
manufacturing warehouses (at ' present
only liquors) must be exported to foreign
countries," the increase in the number of
such warehouses is evidence that the ex
port business from this port is growing. ,
The business at Selby's lead warehouse
near Vallejo Junction also shows -a good
increase in business in foreign ores
brought here for reduction. ¦
The placing of duty on tea has mainly
caused much of the increased business in
the warehouse department; still the in
crease in many other articles is readily
apparent. There has, of course, been an
increase in the work in all departments
of the' Custom-house, especially in the de
partments in charge of Auditor Georg-e
W. Cope, Deputy Naval Officer E. W.
Maslin, Adjuster of Duties H. H. White
and in the Surveyor's and Appraiser's de
partments. 1 .
Leads Other Ports.
The increase in the steam and sail ton
nage inspected by Inspector of Hulls Cap
tain O. F. Bolles and Inspector of Boilers
J. K. Bulger was extraordinary for the
.fiscal. year ended June 30, 1900, the total
steam tonnage' inspected exceeding that
of the ports of Boston and Philadelphia
combined; : it exceeded every other port,.
New York alone excepted. The sail ton
nage inspected • gTeatly exceeded every
other port in the United States (exceed
ing New York by twenty-six vessels and
over 30,000 gross tons) ; and the total num
ber of vessels . inspected at this port
showed a gain of 178 vessels over the fis
cal year ended June 30, 1899— a greater
gain than at any other port in the United
States. ... „ .
The increase in inspected tonnage for
the fiscal year ending June 30,' 1901, has not
been very great, but this is accounted for
by the strike of the machinists, which
has delayed the completion of a number
of vessels under construction and has pre
vented repairs to many others. It is es
timated that thirty or forty vessels docu
mented at this port were inspected at
ports on Puget Sound on account of re
cent instructions from- the Treasury De
partment, which requires vessels to be
inspected within ten days prior to the ex
piration of their current certificate of In
spection, whereas the limit was formerly
thirty days. The Alaskan trade caused
a large number of vessels to leave this
port during the intervening twenty days
for Seattle and other northern ports,
where they were inspected.
Thia new rule will often prevent vessels
being inspected at their home ports, and
at this season of the year the Sound ports
have been benefited by the new rule; but
later in the fall the same rule may be an
•advantage to San Francisco. • ¦
Another cause of change of vessels from
here to Sound ports is probably from the
SEVEN AND ONE-HALF MILLIONS
FLOWS INTO CUSTOM-HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALit;, . SUN I) AY; rJUNE 30,
GIRL'S LITE THREATENED
BY A REJECTED SUITOR
Two Warrants Out for Arrest of John
„ Williams, a Young
Teamster.
Miss Gertrude Coop, a girl about 16
22
Verus cures piles or $50 re-ward. All up-
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. *
DRMCNULTY.
T«HI3 WbuL-KNOWN ANb BRLIABLE OLD
.L Special In t cures V\oo4 Poison, Gonorrhoaa.Oleet,
,,V C } U^?' W: \ mllI »l Wenicnew, Impotence and tUelr
silled Disorders, nook on Diseases of Men. fre«.
OverMyenrs'pxperience.Ternn reasonable. Hours.
9to3dally;6:30t(v3.30ev'Ks.SandaTsi,10to 12. C«>nsal-
tatlon tree and 3acredly confidential CaO oraddraaa
P.IIOSCOE McXULTY,M.D.
SG}£ Eearny 3t, San franclseo, CaJ-
BUCHAISAiN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento S6
RR IT Q W F Q FOR SARBERS. BAK.
I>IlUOIli2tO«^. bootblacks bath.
- , houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers. Courmllls, foundries, laundries, -pbper-
hangers, printers, jwilnters. shoe factories sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etol
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
New Raglans $15.00. @
We commence the new month with a new line of . 3fig?
!the strongest, values ever shown in San Francisco /T*^'**.
in 'these popular, full-length, -loose-back English f ( I / I^JL,
Raslan Coats for women'. They're of fine spring /V/klt V. V
weight covert, in tan, "castor- and Oxfords; have the • / V r» Mra^«. *K
Raclan or coat sleeve, velvet collar, and are per- I m/S MflSpS ¦
fectly .tailored— see them — values speak best for * l<^
. themselves. ', : Ian \%T
Women's New Shirt 'Jyl
SliiKiiiSiiiijIl 6 fit
..„ These, suits, are something new. this season." If It I H lutt
and if ready selling regulates the favor with / II wlftl m!||
. which., a new idea is received they have come . J fll I all KulM
*'. to stay. They're ideal : outinpr costumes, a /*. 'II Ml \\ fJ^VlCT
•pleasing: 'combination -of shirt waist and sep- /|S^S. ' . I !* _J&*^
arate skirt alike of wash materials, duck, per- Xr3reov^r=g^7gffi^
cale.Chambray, linen,- etc., with collar, front
andtie in contrast. : Priced
f :' $2 50 to $7.50 the suit.
SEPARATE SKIRTS LAWN KIMONAS,
Fop Country *Wea". Ppicrd $!.CO.
They're made walking length, of These are the regular short Kim-
;cotton covert and " crash, | with sev- ona of sheer lawn, in polka dots and
eral r rows of stitchinjj. around the fancy stripes, in the prettiest shades
bottom; . dust-sheddinjr, wash- and combinations of pink. blue,
able, cool' and serviceable. The red, lavender, etc., contrasted with
sort you want for tramping. broad white band border' around
Priced ;?1.25' and 91.75— full garment and sleev*. . Summer
length linen, pique and duck outing . . comfort, coolness and prettiness for
skirts $1.50 and up. 4 .all women at small cost.
Linen and Wli I te Shirt Waists.
¦> This item tells of our stock of linen and" sheer white lawn summer '
waists, and is quickest told in the. oft-heard, words from our customers—
; "that here is shown riot onlv the latest , novelties and designs -but the
"BEST, GRADES and'BEST STYLES at the lowest prices." See the many
new styles which button in the back." "Prices range from
— , $1.50 -to. $5.00.
Cor. Geary Street and Grant Avenue*
| Celebrate
I The , J|.tll
• with
• California
(Fireworks,
S Buy direct from
• the makers,
| CALIFORNIA
| FIREWORKS
SCO - 2I9 Front St.
8 ' SA* FRANCISCO.
9 Open Evenings of
O July 1st, 2d and 3d.
O
\~* I— ¦ a i A
¦¦¦•'¦Ll-- : J I ¦ V^i I Q 1^
We will have on SPECIAL SALE all this week
ahout 500 PIECES BEST QUALITY GROS DE
NAPLES TAFFETA RIBBON, full 5 inches
The above ooods are from one of the iest
manufacturers in this countru ani are in the
following shades j Lilac, Old Rose, Greens,
Cardinal, Blues, Pinks, Cream, Turauoise,
Cerise, , Ivoru, Navus, HeliotroDej also Black,
We will also sell this week 150 Cartons FINE
TAFFETA RIBBON, with high luster and soft
finish, in all the new, light shades, in the
following numhers; 7,9 and 16— prices 50c,
60c and 90c -per piece of 10 yards.
FEATHER BOAS.
We have just opened a large shipment of vero
fine FEATHER BOAS, from one gard to two
uards loner. These are in Pure White,
Natural, Black and three sKades of Grau.
/
n\. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Reduced from $i, 1.25, 1.50, 1.75, 2.00
: To-morrow we will place on sale in our silk department a
great quantity of high grade dress silks "that have accumulated,
from the past season"; reduced — some one-quarter, some one-
half and some you can buy for one-third of what they sold for
last week. The object of the above enormous reduc-
. tions is to close out every yard of last season's silk prior to
the arrival of our new goods and at this price they certainly
will not last long.
Included in this sale you will find Fancy Striped and Figured
Taffeta, Novelty Brocades and Lace effects, Novelty Tinsel
Brocades, white and black, black and white stripes and checks,
Fancy and Tartan Plaids, Crepe de Chene, Peau de>Soie and
22-inch Faille Francaise,in staple shades for street wear ; afso
a lot of Fancy Taffeta waist patterns in black and colors, all at
the extremely low price of
Towels — ioc each v
Linen and cotton mixed Towels, size- 30x15 inches; a very
useful and strong article with both ends hemmed, sale price 10c.
Bed Spreads— $ i .55 each
A large size honeycomb crochet spread in a variety of Mar-
seilles patterns, suitable for double beds ; exceptional-value at
$1.35 each.
Tramping Suits— $3.00 each
Ladies' Covert Cloth Walking Suits, well-made and perfect-
fitting, suitable for the sea shore, camping or country wear
during the summer months, at the special price of $3.00 each.
129 Kearny Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
hf^W^ /D ' S£/MM£^ M\W^
§1/59 lr^3 Oxfords. All elres and -widths. . H - Iva iSi
MOSS' I
GLOVE ST6.RL-
Great Bargains This Week I
5Oc. I
Ladies* castor and dogskin §
GAUNTLET GLOVES, for driving, jgj
" bicycling and country wear. Regu- M
lar price 90c. H
65c. I
Ladies' WASH CHAMOIS I
GLOVES, with clasps; colors mode, ft
gray, buff, pearl and white. Regu- I
lar selling price ?1. 'I
74c. I
Ladies' two-clasp REAL KID i
GLOVES, in red, mode, brown, tan, j
white and black; in all sizes. The |
greatest bargain in town. I
31.00.
Ladies' English WALKING H
. GLOVES, made of genuine Cape Q
stock, with. full out seams, quirks K
and Pans points. A fac-simile of g
the Dent Glove.' S
l"~>.n MARKET 1
\A\\J STREET, I
Between Taylor and Jones. H
Prompt Attention to Mail Orders B
METAL CRIBS.
All prices, all styles, all sizes; brass
trimmings; sides of cribs let down.
Handsome, stylish. Inexpensive. Blue,
green or white, to harmonize with, any
decorations. We furnish your house
throughout. Everything" you can possi-
bly need or wish in house furnishings
you will find hers. Call and examine
before purchasing. As we pay no rent
we save you that much on the cost of
each and every article you buy here.
The J. Noonan Furniture Company
(Incorporated). - •'
IOI7-IO23 Mission Street.
Above Sixth. San Francisca
We close at < p. ra. every day but
Saturday.[Pages 23 to 32 1
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 30, 1901.
SOME OF. THE PARTICIPANTS AND SIDE SCENES IN THE INITIAL PAPER CHASE HELD AT SAN RAFAEL
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE SAN RAFAEL HUNT CLUB, AN EVENT -THAT WAS BOTH SUCCESSFUL
i Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full' Information a«k L.
1 M-Fletcher, 212 Calif ornia *tntU :- »
The only route. having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
"ThE Missouri Pacific Limited"
1 Victor .Topping, a bellboy jn the Suther
land Hotel; ; 791 Sutter street, was 'arrest
ed-yesterday by Detectives -Dinan and
Wren ; and • booked at the City Prison on
a charge of? burglary. He is accused of
breaking into the room • of H. C. : Marcus;
a' guest, a week ago and stealing a dress
ing ¦ case and * some clothing. .
Bellboy ! Booked- for Burglary.
upon the hour the driveway; in .front of
the Hotel Rafael was , congested with
traps of. every description. Seemingly the
most interested in the paper chase were
those who took no active part. The horse
men and horsewomen .were late to arrive,
but they were .finally rounded . up . .and
brought .together.* ¦¦''. r ' ;' . ,
The train of white scraps ' stretched
northwest ., of San Rafael over .the -hills
and' . in the valleys. , The man ' with the
paunches ' gave them - all a ; merry • chase,
yet ' they were , congenial r souls. , That ; is
why they all remained together, and when
the time: for the finish, came made a
driving run of • it that took the breath of
the spectators - right ' out x of - their . bodies.
Those . who •• mounted "¦ the- snorting, fiery
steed and telescoped the bunches of mod
ern papyrus were:.- F." S. Johnson, George
Quarre, Alex Wilson/ Miss Bessie Wilson,
Miss Berenice Wilson, Mr. Fisher,' L.-R;
Johnson, W. . A." Sieber, . T. » H. ' Johnson,
OVER in Ma rin 'County yesterday
and under a 6un in prime working
'order the San Rafael Hunt Club
inaugurated a season of paper
chasing. Ward McAllister was
the guiding star and under hi3.' direction
the paper was. strewn about the Ma rin
hills with a nicety and discretion that be
tokened ; much experience and esoteric
knowledge. .
- Ward . McAllister, the nominated and
blooded aristocrat of the Rafael Halls,
did not strew. the paper. He was the chief
engineerof the scheme. To L. A." Hughes
fell- the burden of the paper bags and he
proved the great and only . "strewer" the
club » has, ever 'had. . So well did- he scat
ter the torn remnants, of a forgotten lit
erature that V even " the ' '.'chasseurs"—dis
guised—could not find the scraps. .
•-.The .time for.' assemblage was -fixed: at
3:30 p.* m. at the Hotel Rafael,' and prompt
Dr. ,H. Howett.' R. A. Clark, Carleton
Curts, M. J.: Laymance, Miss Mae < Per
kins,. Miss ;D.' Jeffrey, Miss Grace. Lay
mance,. Sidney . Cushing, Dollie Cushing,
R. R. Roreson and Graham Babcock.
The finish was really exciting. George
Quarre, mounted on a horse that could
go ¦ the > distance, •] G. . Babcock ' and Frank
Johnson drove down .the stretch for first
money. proved the best jockey,
and;* taking** to 'the 'bat, won by a Hiber
nian nose, Babcock , coming ; in for second
money , and .Johnson just bringing home
the show effects. ~ To Miss .Jeffries of
New.York belonged the honor, of finishing
flrBt of all the women riders., By doing
so she earned la handsome ' prize. I
But one casualty w*as registered. Miss
¦Wilson was thrown ' from • her ' horse, but
not seriously purt: Just a little piece of
skin suffered! an absolute' divorce from
her, left cheeK.; She .will. rid© in the next
paper chase on Saturday,? July 6. -
Coal Must Stand Test.
The Fire 'Commissioners decided at
the^r meeting yesterday to require mer
chants who bid for supplying coal to the
Fire • Department to submit their coal to
a public test. The test will be , made in
the Corporation yard after bids are Hied.
The Chief of Police was instructed to call
in all the tire badges which were in use
during the past year. In order to securo
protection from fire on the Fourth it was
decided -to increase the fighting force by
an "addition of 100 men who formerly
served : in the department.^ This aug
mented ! force will . also serve during tha
night preceding the Fourth.
"You see," she went on. "I cannot give
up the stage, as my husband wishes mo
to. He is. a very wealthy, man and : can
give me everything that couid make home
life attractive, but. I have tried it and I
hate it. I must have my -theater: and I
must have my applause. I would not
-give it up for any man."
Miss Stone admitted that she. also . had
heard , the rumor that la" so' persistently
linking her name with Mr". ' Macdowell.
"It all originated in a josh." the actress
attempted to explain. '.'Some of the peo
ple about the theater have seen us a great
deal together. We play together and. nat
urally, are thrown much- in- each other's
society. Well, some of the people went
up to Mr.Mac and said to him,- 'The next
thing doing will be you two getting mar
ried,' and Mr. Mac, keeping up the jok».
replied. 'Well, I guess so,' and really that
is .all there is to the story." ¦
"it's all nonsense." said Miss Stone, as
she smeared her face. all over with, cold
cream. "On what ground could I get a
divorce from my husband, that Is what I
should like to know. It may be that ha
is trying to get a divorce from me on the
srround that I won't quit Jhe stage and go
home to him.
In spite of Miss Stone's denial, the tele
graph wires have ticked the story many
times to the East, and behind the scenes
of the local theaters the story has grown
as it has passed from mouth to mouth.
Miss . Stone declares that if there is a
divorce coming it may be the other way,
in that instead of her trying to be rid . of
her husband he may be trying to be freed
from her.
Miss Florence Stone, leading lady at tha
Grand Opera-house, emphatically denies
the story that she i3 about to secure a
divorce from her wealthy husband, Mr.
Ledley of Toronto, and that once free
she will join her fate for better or worse
with Melbourne Macdowell.
Gossip About Florence
Stone and Actor
Macdowell.
HINT OF DIVORCE
AND REMARRIAGE
man rendered a number of popular and
appropriate selections. The honeymoon
will be spent in the immediate vicinity of
this city. •
ACTHESS MOURNS TE3TIS' DEATH
J&Ies Emily Lyttoa, Deceased's First
Sweetheart, "Weeps for Him. •
M:=s Emily. Lytton. the popular; and
charming: actress now playing at the Or
phetHn, spent a. sorrowful day yesterday
ashes of her late husband, Hugh Tevis.
It was a sad home coming for the young
woman, who just about a month ago
sailed away, her devoted husband by her
side, and the scent of orange blossoms
still clinging round her.
The Doric, the vessel that brought
Mrs. Tevis back to loving relatives and
friends, arrived in port at 6 o'clock on
Friday evening Quarantine restrictions
kept her passengers aboard till yesterday
morning at 9 o'clock, at which hour they
were allowed to land.
Mr. and Mrs. Baxter and Dr. Harry
Tevis were down at the dock to receive
the young widow when 6he stepped
ashore. She w«s at once driven to the
residence of Mrs. Lloyd Tevis, where for
the present she will make her home.
Mrs. Tevis has borr.e up bravely through
her terrible trial, and when Bne landed
yesterday was apparently in good health,
though cast down with the Borrow of her
recent bereavement.
All of the Tevis family were assembled
h to meet the younp widow at the family
f •finne when she arrived there. The meet-
Vins' with those who share with her in her
flops and sympathize with her In her sor
• 'row was a great comfort to the poor
young widowed bride. The details of the
death of Hugh Tevis, as related by his
bereaved widow, are practically as have
already been published. Mr. Tevis was
taken ill while sojourning at Myonoshita.
a little town within a day's travel of
Yokohama. Togc-ther with his wife he
journeyed by easy stages to Yokohama,
where they arrived on the 2d . day of
June. Dr. Eldridge of the Marine Hos
pital sen-ice, and a friend of Mr. Tevis,
•was called in and at once pronounced his
case a serious attack of appendicitis.
For three days Dr. Eldridge tried to
conquer the dread malady 7«r*- without
avail, and finally an operairy»vas de
cided upon. On the afternoc.i^>f the 5th
of June the operation was performed. Dr.
Weir Mitchell, the famous specialist from
Philadelphia, was present at the opera
tion. From the surgeons' standpoint the
operation was a successful one. But the
condition of the patient was such that he
did not have the strength to rally, and
sinking gradually, he passed away on the
afternoon of the 6th, just twenty-four
hours after the operation.
Hugh Tevis' last hours were character
istic of the man himself. All through
his illness he displayed the highest cour
age, and when he found that ne was be
vond all help his thoughts were all for
his beloved wife. His last wishes were
lor arrangements to be made for her
comfdrt.
At the Tevis home there were many vis
itors during the <'ay. but the numbers of
the family denied themselves to all save
" a few very near and tried friends.
As yet no arrangements have been made
for the felijdous ceremonies attending the
final disposition of the ashes of Hugh
Tevis. •
Mrs. Cordelia Tevis arrived home yes
terday morning, bringing with her the
Mrs. Tevis Brings Home
the Ashes of Her
Husband. .
LEAVES A BRIDE,
RETURNS A WIDOW
Miss Lytton was Hugh Tevis' first
sweetheart. It was an affair of years ago,
andjtnight have ended with the regulation
Lohengrin march and orange blossoms
had not Miss Lytton preferred the ap
plause and glitter of stage life to the
charm and peace of domesticity.
Miss Lytton and Hugh Tevis were play
mates. After a fasnion they were re
lated. Miss Lytton's mother, Mrs. Bar
schus, is the half-sister of J. B. Haggin,
whose first wife was the sister of Mrs.
Lloyd Tevis. The Barschus' never count
ed much on this far-fetched relationship,
only it served to bring the families- to
gether. In due course of time May grew
up into a handsome young woman and
decided upon the stage as a career. She
went East, and returned in 1889. when she
played an extended engagement at the
Baldwin Theater, essaying one of the
leading roles in "Little Lord Fauntleroy."
j It was during » this engagement that
! 1 evis and Miss Lytton met again Mr.
Tevis paid the charming young actress
marked attention, and upon the conclu
sion of her engagement in this city fol
lowed her to Los Angeles. i n the City
of Angels he declared his love and offered
i Miss" Lytton his heart and his name
| But May Lytton was a practical young
: woman. She -was not in love with - Hush
[ TevJs. She loved her profession and de
cided ehe would not give it up for the
son of. a rich man. And so they parted.
May Lytton never met Hugh Tevis again
Nevertheless she mourns him now.
thinking over old times and weeping in
memory of the late Hugh Tevis.
To. Mr. J. C. Stubbs: We desire to thus con
vey our hopes that hla recollections of associa
tion with the general agents may be as pleas
ing to him as he has ever been indulgent to
ub: D. \V. Hitchcock, W. I). Sanborn. W. J.
Hhotwell, C. W. Colby, G. W. Fletcher, T. D.
Connolly. F. W. Ten Winkle. B. H. Forrester.
T. K. fitatcler, J. A. Gill, Carlton C. Crane. F.
O. Hatch, John M. Crawley, E. S. Blair, Jay
W. Adams. F. G. High, A. S. Mann, C. L.
Canfield. H. H. Francisco. F. W. Prince. W.
H. Davenport. R. Jl. Ritchie. W. H. Knedaker,
Peter Aarvey. L. M. Fletcher, M. M. Stern. F.
W. Thompson, F. H. MeCormlck, Clinton
Jones. T. M. Schumacher. J. M. Ceall, A. A.
J. Holt, J. F. Edward*.
Mr. Stubbs thanked the donors briefly.
Before the close of the gathering Mr.
Stubbs was presented with a handsome
silver plate, which bore the following in
scription:
The luncheon was simplicity itself. Mr.
Stubbs made a few remarks. He said he
was sorry to leave San Francisco and that
he was sorry to sever his association
with the railroad men of this city. He
explained that little gatherings of this
kind prompted a more friendly feeling
among railroad agents and that he hoped
that as this feeling had distinguished the
railroad men in the past they would con
tinue-to work in harmony.
J. C. Stubbs was tendered a luncheon
yesterday afternoon at the Palace Hotel
by the railroad general agents of this
city. The affair was arranged as a for
mal farewell to Mr. Stubbs, who leaves
shortly for Chicago to enter upon his new
duties as traffic manager of the Union
Pacific, the Southern Pacific, the Oregon
Short Line and the O. R. and N.
Present Him With Silver
Plate Handsomely
Engraved.
GENERAL AGENTS
HONOR STUBBS
PRINCIPALS IN A VERY PRET
TY CHURCH WEDDING YES
TERDAY.
Yesterday, a letter was received in this
city from employers,, informing
their patrons that he had : "gone wrong"
and advising them not to cash any checks
for < him,- as they would not be responsible
for any of h'« ohltgraMons.
It was not until yesterday that the for
geries were discovered. Charles New
man, who conducts the. Richelieu saloon,
became acquainted with White in a busi
ness way and he readily consented to cash
u check for $24 50 for him after listening
to his story of being temporarily short of
cash. The. check purported to have been
signed by Edward Harris, a Kearny
street clothier, and was drawn on the
Bank it California.
Yesterday Newman presented the check
for • payment ¦ and was dumf ounded to
learn that Harris' signature had been
forged. Newman went to police head
quarters, where he told ¦¦ his ¦• troubles to
Captain Seymour. The latter at once de
tailed Detectives Dinan and Wren on tne
case, but beyond learning that White had
been seen on Market streetFriday after
noon they failed to get • a- clew to his
whereabouts. •¦ • ... ¦ ... .'
Newman is v not the only victim of the
drummer forger. Joe - Rosenberg, who
conducts a store on Market street, ac
commodated White with a "loan" of $8,
taking a bogus check as security. Sev
eral women who conduct disreputable
h&uses. thinking that White was a "•good
fellow," gladly- took' his checks ' in pay
ment for champagne. Captain Seymour
has the ¦ names > of at least a half dozen
people who were victimized . by the Chi
cago • drummer,' ¦ but for .- some ¦ reason he
religiously refuses, to reveal .them. He is
of the opinion .that. White, in some-way
learned that the detectlttes were after
him and left the city. -
J. K. White, a drummer for a necktie
house in Chicago, is wanted by the police
in this city on several charges of forgery.
White, who is a well dressed, tine ap
pearing .fellow,, arrived here a short time
ago and soon made many acquaintances.
He was liberal with his money and In a
&hort time he* found himself "broke."
The manager of the house, becoming sus
picious on account of White's failure to
write to him, wired a friend to look him
up. While . the latter' was anxiously
searching for him White was "under,
cover" in, a. disreputable house on Stock
ton street, spending the money he had
realized on forged checks.
J. K> White Wanted for
Passing Worthless
POLICE AFTER
CLEVER FORGER
A PRETTY wedding tod: p'sca in
I the quaint Church of St. "An
thony, at Twenty-sixth and
Army streets, on Tuesday after
noon, when Frank L. yoelng.
manager of the Oberon cafe and concert
hall, and Miss Anna Amme, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Amme, prominent in
musical circles, were married.
The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Father Raphael, O. S. F., in the
presence of many friends of the contract
ing parties. The. bride was beautifuly at
tired in a soft, clinging white silk gown
and large picture hat. She carried a beau
tiful bouquet of orchids.
After the ceremony a wedding breakfast
was served at a downtown restaurant. An
orchestra was in attendance during the
discussion of the tempting menu. A room
was devoted to the display of the wedd'.ng
presents, • which were numerous " and
costly.
A • reception followed the breakfast, .at
which John Hease and Theodore Hart-
jez?r HARLES J. LEIGHTON, a prom
/T lnent member of the Olympic
(I / Club, and Miss Clara Semerla of
Berkeley were united in marriage
last evening in ' St Mary's
Church. Rev. Father McNlchol perform
ed the ceremony in the presence of a
large number of friends and relatives of
the happy couple.
The altar was tastefully decorated with
srr.l'.ax and cut flowers. Morgan W. Jel
lett acted as best man and Miss Maud
Wllkes of Berkeley was bridesmaid.
Mr. and Mrs. Leighton will spend their
honeymoon in the southern part of the
State and on their return they will take
up ""their residence at 2233 Polk street.
They were the recipients of many beau
tiful ¦ and costly presents, conspicuous
among which was a silver set given by
the- business associates of the bridegroom.
Mr. Leighton occupies a very responsi
ble position with Levi Strauss & Co., hav
ing been identified with that firm for the
past fourteen years. He is a prominent
member of the Olympic Club and is an
all round athlete. He has very few supe
riors on the coast as a handball player.
He is president of the Olympic Boat Club
and it is principally through his energy
and ability that this " organization has
made such rapid strides In the past year.
He is a fine oarsman and an expert swim
mer. "^
The bride is the daughter of the late
Joseph and Catherine Semeria. She is an
accomplished musfc'.an and vocalist and
is very prominent in musical affairs.
WELL-KNOWN YOUNG ATHLETE
AND BUSINESS MAN* AND HIS
PRETTY BRIDE.
era are. hereby ended), with tho same powers, authority- and
duties now established or hereafter to established' by the
Legislature, except 'where the same may conflict with this sec
tion; and from, and after said appointment the State Commis
sion shall also be the successor of the Insurance Commission
ers, under the statutes and code of this State . (and the term
of office of ,tlie Insurance Commissioners is hereby ended)."- '. v
" Plums for "the Shiftless Politicians. ;
Under the conditions of the amendment the lazy, thriftless,
scheming .politicians, who' have no emplos'ment in the regular
fields of .industry— the" fellows who labor not and own nothing —
are' eligible to serve as commissioners, but thousands of the
Industrious in various 'fields of honest enterprise for the de
velopment of the State are rendered ineligible.
The State Commission is clothed with authority under the
proposed change in the constitution to fix the charges for
everything imaginable. Powers given to Supervisors, local
governing bodies, and. Town Councils are usurped and swept
aside. "-Here is the astounding proposition in the language of
section 21: '
"And from and after until appointment, the State
Commlmnton ntinll In every renpect. no tar nn roltiteH to
all 'and. every thOiaid rated and plinrprcn hereinbefore
' mentioned, and to all and every the matter of tlilnpr*,
hoTVKoever connected with performing? snirt services
end farnlahinK and smpplylnff unlti commodities, he
the Rncceniior under <he constitution iinil lnivn of the
State of the Bonrd* of Supervisor* and City and County
or City or Town Connclln and other Kovernlnw body
or bodien of the several counties, cities and counties,
cttlen and toirnx of the State, rrltH the same power*,
anthority and dntles now established liy.tlie constitu
tion and laws of the State, or hereafter to he estab
lished by the Legislature, except -where the latter
may conflict -with this section."
Penalties Amount Almost to Confiscation.
Penalties for failure to conform to edicts of the all-power
ful commission amount practically to confiscation of property
and the destruction of 'business.
Many Californians .will call to mind the great struggle in
the constitutional convention of 1878-79 for the rights and prin
ciples.of local government. All the' rights secured to the peo
ple by .the framers of the constitution are to be surrendered to
a commission appointed by. a Governor who may-be desirous
of retaining the favor of great corporations and small politi
cians. .- v
Many able and patriotic members of the last Legislature
entered their protest 'against the consideration of -an amend
ment*so preposterous, but in the turmoil and confusion of an
expiring session their protests were neither heard nor heeded.
When all the vicious and dangerous provisions of the meas
ure are clearly understood by the people of California voters
irrespective of party will charge their delegates to the State
conventions of 1902 to, proclaim in resolutions a sense of the
danger to the cause of local government. .At this time it is
the duty of farmers." merchants, workingmen and taxpayers
to make an intelligent study of the proposed amendment. The
corrupt politicians, regardless. of party ties, probably will em
ploy all the skill and cunning at their command to bring out
a strong vo'te in support of the amendment. It is a big and
audacious scheme of politicians, backed by Interested corpora
tions, to grasp the power that belongs to the people.
AMONG the several constitutional amendments whicli
the last Legislature adopted and which >will be sub
mitted to the people for ratification or rejection at the
general election of 1902 is one that proposes a surrender
of the. State to the corporations and politicians.. It is
-known as Assembly constitutional amendment. No. 2S.. /It : was
... > adopted during the expiring hours of the Legislature, and
doubtless many well meaning members voted for it under'ml3
apprehcr.slbn of its-true character. If it should be ratified by
. the voters "government of the people, by the people and', foi
the people" would perish from the face of California earth.
The proposed amendment annuls" outright section 22. article
. XII (corporations) of the existing constitution. All the powers
given to the Board of ftailroad Commissioners to fix railroad,
passenger and freight rates are annulled. It is true that other
provisions for tho adjustment of rates are embodied in the
proposed amendment, but as railroad influences, directed by
| W.'iP, Herrin of tho Southern Pacific law department, ' were
invoked to secure favorable action, on the measure now pend
ing, it may be accepted as a fact that the controlling powers
granted to the people in the constitution of 1S78 will be lost if
the amendment be ratified. , ,
Every voter in Cnllfornta- whonid rencl Kectlonn 22
nnd 2:?, nrtlcle XII, of the exlntlnpr constitution In
connection with the, proponed cnicndmcnt. The la«t
sentence of nectlon 21 of the proposed amendment
rentlHi "Section* twenty-tivo mid twenty-three of ar
tiele twelve of thin constitution are nn nulled."
Commission to Rcgulats Everything.
The proposed new deal— Assembly constitutional amend
ment No. 2S— contemplates the creation of a commission of five
men to regulate everything; that can be taxed for regulation.
The State is to be divided into five districts and every one of
the five districts is to elect a commissioner, whose salary shall
be $6000 a year. The commissioner's term of office is ten years.
"But that is not all. The Governor appoints the first five — one
for two years, one for four years, one for six years, one for
eight years and one for ten years. Thereafter the commission
ers are to be elected by the people. . / ..
Practically there is no end to the power' granted to the
commissioners. The amendment declares: "The commission
ers shall be qualified electors of the State and of the district
frcm which they are elected or appointed, arid, shall not.be
interested directly or indirectly as stockholder, creditor, agent,
attorney, employe or otherwise in any of the- corporations,
companies or business over which they have charge." ... The
language in this respect is borrowed from section 22, article
XII, of the existing constitution, which applies solely to trans
portation companies. ...
The five commissioners to be appointed by the Governor
take in telegraph, telephone, water, light, power, transporta
tion, sleeping-car and express companies and "other corpora
tions." The clause relating to eligibility is so discriminating
and far-reaching that one-balf the voters of "the State would
be disqualified from serving on the commission.
The ferm "other corporations" relates to banking institu
tions and insurance companies. This Is made clear by the fol
lowing language of the proposed amendment; •'. i
"And from and after the appointment of its members, as
aforesaid, the State Commission shall be the successor of the
Board of Bank Commissioners," now existing under the statutes
of this State (and the terms o£ the office of Bank Commission-
RIDE ACROSS COUNTRY TO FOLLOW
AN UNCERTAIN TRAIL OF PAPER
Powers Belonging to Local Governing Bodies 1 Placed in Hands of
Commissioner s to Be Appointed for First Term by Governor^
Vicious Legislation in Waning Hours of Session*
Charles J. Leighton, President of the Olympic Boat
L. Club, Is United in Marriage to Miss
' Clara Semeria.
WELL-KNOWN ATHLETE
WEDS A VERY CHARMING
RESIDENT OF BERKELEY
Nuptials 'of Frank L. Doeing and Miss Anna
Ui Amme— Wedding Followed by an Elaborate
Breakfast and a Reception. . .
LOVING COUPLE JOIN
HANDS AND HEARTS IN
QUAINT OLD ST. ANTHONY
DANGER TO THE PEOPLE LURKS
IN AMENDMENT TO CONSTITUTION
PROPOSED BY LAST LEGISLATURE
Pages 23 to 32EXCITING MOMENTS IN YESTERDAY'S BALL. GAME AT RECREATION PARK. UMPIRE TYLER, PREVIOUS TO
BEING DEPOSED, ORDERED CAPTAINS DEVEREAUX AND PABST OFF THE FIELD FOR DOUBTING HALF
A DOZEN OF HIS DECISIONS.
Highest Bicycle Track Opened.
BUTTE, Mont., June 29.— The Butte
Athletic Association opened its nine-lap
saucer track, the highest bicycle track in
the world, to-night in the presence of 3000
people. Iver Lawson of Chicago won the
mile handicap in 1:58. the record for a
nine-lap track. The other winners were
Hoffman of California in the two-thirds
mile, Hoffman in the mile amateur and
Iver Lawson in the third of a mile pro
fessional.
The coast record for amateur drivers
stood at 2:12 and the announcement that
Mr. Potter was going to send Primrose
against it caused a commotion. It was
evident from the quarter, however, that
the game little mare was going to "make
good." She went the quarter in :31 and
warmed up to the half in 1:01%. She took
the three-quarter in 1:27 and finished
strong in 2:10.
LOS ANGELES. June 29.— At tha driv
ing club's matinee at Agricultural Park
this afternoon M. M. Potter made ancient
history of two coast amateur records.
Driven by Mr. Potter. Primrose paced an
exhibition mile in 1:10 flat, and Sweet
Marie sent her value up by trotting two
mile heats in 2:14.
Amateur Drivers to 2:10.
Speedy Hare Lowers tlie Record for
PRmOtOSE DOES A FAST TUTT/FT
LONDON, June 29.— Duffy, the American
runner, at scratch, carried the George
town colors to the front at the London
Athletic Club meeting at Stamford Bridge
to-day in the final of the 100-yard handi
cap, with a high wind dead' against him.
and in quick time, winning by a yard and
a quarter in 10 seconds. C. H. Jupp, with
a yard start, was second, and L. P. Tre
mor, with two and a half yards start,
was third.
Duffy only disembarked Thursday and
was doubtful whether he would com
pete in the final, but as the winners of
the other heats had not bettered his time,
10 1-5 seconds, he concluded to run, and
won in great form.
Irving' K. Baxter of Pennsylvania Uni
versity and Kraenzlin, the hurdler of the
Chicago Athletic Club, were both unlucky
In the hurdles. In the first heat of the
120-yard hurdle handicap Kraenzlln at
tempted hia famous style of jumping,
bled at the eighth hurdle and fell pros
trate at the ninth, when he was well in
advance of all competitors.
Baxter had no better luck. He fell with
in a yard of the winning post. Thus both
the American hurdlers were debarred
from contesting in the final, which was
won by Carey, the Irish champion. Time,
16 2-5. Kraenzlin started at scratch and
Baxter and Carey had six yards handicap.
Pennsylvania redeemed her colors when
Coe put the 16-pound weight almost eleven
feet further than his nearest British
competitor.
The climax was reached when Kraenz
lin, after winning the long jump, broke
Godfrey Shaw's British hurdling record of
15 <-5 seconds by one-rlf th of a second.
The crowd then broke into lusty cheers
and surrounded and almost carried the
champion in. Summaries:
Weight-putting contest— C. W. -T. Coe, Penn
sylvania University, first. 45 feet 1 Inch; VI.
E. B. Henderscn, second, 35 feet 3 inches.
Long jump— KraenzMn, first, 23 feet 3 inches;
Cornelius, second, 21 feet 1& inches; Baxter,
third. 20 feet WVz inches.
120-yard hurdles — Kraen^lin first. D. Carey
eecond. W. Ousley third. Kraenzlln won by
six yards in 15 3-5 seconds, beating the British
record by one-flfth of a second.
High jump, handicap— Baxter at scratch,
won. 6 feet 2 inches; E. Laselles, with a han
dicap of 3 Inches, second, 5 feet 10 inches. Bax
ter subsequently failed in an attempt to beat
the British record.
Duffy; With George
town's Colors, Wins
in England. %j
Hurdlers From This Country
Are tliQ Victims of
Accidents.
YANKEE LEADS
SWIFT BRITONS
German International-
Built Yachts Win
Out at Kiel.
—
Emperor William Has Hard;
Luck Until He Guides
the Iduna.
BERLIN, June 29.— In the complete ab
sence of political topics of interest this"
week the Kiel regatta attracted unusual
attention. To everybody's great surprise
the best result3 were achieved by German!
internatloEal-built yachts. The Emperor^
William prize for Instance was won by a"
yacht which until this competition had
sailed only orf Lake Wannsee, near Ber
lin. Several French yachts participated.
Two American yachts which were in the
races took no prize.
It must be remarked that Emperor
William had hard luck all the week till
he won the first prize with the Empress*
yacht, the Iduna, in the race for special
classes. But the Idima Is English built,
whereas her competitors, Samoa I and
the Samoa II, were built in Germany.
The Emperor steered the latter in the
races and made a poor showing. The Em
peror's yacht.. the Meteor, also turned out
badly. During the first half of the re
gatta season, however, the yachts were
almost without wind, and many of the
boats were becalmed for hours. Yester
day brought a spanking breeze for the
Kiel to Eckernfaerde race. The Iduna,
having been reconstructed with the main I
idea of making her a safe boat in rough ;
weather, gave the Emperor a great ad- ¦
vantage over the other yachts. The Iduna
made forty knots in three hours and nine
minutes.' The vacht Is now considered so
safe that the Empress has decided to take
a cruise in her shortly on the Baltic with
her younger children. - . "^
While the Emperor's newest German
and English built yachts proved disap
pointing. Admiral Koestner'8 Kornet.
which is the Emperor's former yacht Me
teor rechristened. took the largest num
ber of prizes^ — two firsts and two seconds.
The Cologne Gazette referring to the
Emperor's order for an American built
yacht explains in an apologizing manner
that his Majesty has expressed the opin
ion that the Americans were far ahead
of the British and Germans In yacht
building.
AMERICAN BOATS
TAKE NO PRIZES
THE Germans plucked victory out
of a certain defeat in the ninth
inning yesterday by. alighting on
"Sapho" Harper's curves for five
bumps. The Legislators had a
lead of two runs up to this period of the
game and a roseate hue showed for the
Senators. A close decision placed Mr. Ev
acs on first in this inning and a base on
balls for Croll gave the locals the start
they needed. With hope In their breasts
they went to bat and every man tore off
a single until the score was 9 to 5. ' Then
the excitement subsided. - "
It was the slowest game that was ever
played on the home grounds. "Sapho"
Harper was as slow as the proverbial "ice
wagon." He tired every one but himself,
as he rested between pitches. The pic
ture of grace as he sent the ball over in
true Delsarte style forced the crowd to
yawn and wait in the hot sun for :some
thing to happen. That something occur
red in the ninth and Mr. Harper had a
dizzy time. - .
Umpire Tyler's lamps were either cross
ed yesterday or they were obscured by
"Old Sol's" beams. His decisions 1 ,. were
something awful at times, and when the
spectators were not having a hand in tell
ing him so both Pabst and Devereaux
took it upon themselves, with the usual
result. Pabst was fined 55 and then an
other $5, until his salary looked like 30
cents. Devereaux suffered worse humilia
tion.- In the ninth he was not only fined
Jo but was escorted off the field by a po
liceman. He had the hardihood of talking
back to the umpire.
Evans lost and won the -game. In the
early part of the trouble he gave so many
bases on balls that it looked as if Sacra
mento" would have a walk around. ;' He
settled down, however, and pitched even
ball, keeping the hits well scattered. He
came to oat five times and batted safely
thrice and made the circuit three times,
something unusual for a pitcher. He re
tired in the ninth at Uncle Hank's sug
gestion and Iburg pitched the last inning
in his usual clever style. -
Sacramento played in hard luck and the
sympathy of . the crowd was with them.
But sympathy does . not win in baseball
and it remains to be seen whether they
will pull together to-day.
Rube Levy will umpire to-day's game
at Recreation Park and the one . across
the bay. Mr. . Tyler's work was so bad
Sale of Stud Yearlings.
Yearlings.
NEW-.YORK; June 29.'— The Holmdel stud
yearlings, the property of Gideon & Daly
were sold at auction to-day at Sheepshead
gay. Dave Gideon paid the top price of
$10,300 for the^full Srother of Jelri £-?
eaud,! while 1 Futurlta, by a Futurity win
ner, out of a Futurity winner, was knocked
do *n.to James R.:Keene for Km* Those
which $1000 and overJoJkiw: °
JZ'"' C*^ y ??" H'Shness^Athada, David: Gid
eon; $2000;ib.! c, by His Hifchriess— r«M. n
David, Gideon. SlO.sA;,".'V; by »is l^|hness^
Chemise.^ L.! T. $2000 Futudta?'b: t b7
His , HlKhnesa—Butterflies,. J.. R Keen? JAsoo
f« y7-/°hn MaCkay> »S500: tot^ & »Stl?n held.
TOURNAMENT OF MARKSMEN.
Woman Accidentally Wounds ft Com-
petitor at Walla Walla.
WALLA WALLA, June 29.— The seven
teenth annual tournament of the Sports
man's Association of the Northwest
closed to-day with the shooting of the
twenty-five live bird • event. There were
fifteen entries in <his contest, and ¦ first
money was won. by Denham of Tacoma
with twenty- four dead birds. W. F.
Sheard of Tacoma and T. B. Ware of Spo
kane were second with twenty-three. ~
During the contest this afternon Mrs.
Will G. Campbell, wife of- the secretary
treasurer of -the association, accidentally
shot and wounded John Kelley of this
city. ; Mrs. Campbell had just killed a
bird, and as ehe turned away from the
traps her gun was discharged, . and Kelley,
who was standing close by, received the
charge in the calf of his right leg. The
wound is not dangerous.
Croker Gets the Victoria Cup.
LONDON, June 29— St. Levan (S. Loates)
came in first in the race for' the Victoria
cup. valued at £200. 'with £300 added and
a sweepstakes of £20, at the Hurst Park
summer meeting to-day. Richard Croker's
Sweet Dixie (J. Rieff) was * second and
Claquer. finished third. ; An* objection was
entered against St. Levan, on the ground
of boring. It was sustained and the race
was awarded to Sweet Dixie. The Victo
ria cup is a polid gold statuette represent
ing the late Queen Victoria, *
the travelers and others. There was con
siderable amusement when Robert Kat
zenstein of Frankfort j on-the-Main came
in ; with hta; autocar running backward,
having made thirty kilometers from PotB
dam in that manner owing to his vehicle's
machinery being out of order.. Among the
tourists who ; arrived from Paris . wad
Baron< de RothachUd, who traveled under
the- pseudonym of "Dr. Pascal." From 9
a; m." until nearly noon there was a te
dious wait afterthe first arrival. Among
the dispatches received from Hanover by
the "Automobile Club officers was" .one
which anouneed the start | of only fifty
one out of the seventy-three motors which
had arrived, there yesterday. The dusty
condition of the roads accounted to some
extent for the delay in the urrlval of the
racers here. Fournier was first seen at a
great distance in a thick cloud of dust,
approaching the . goal like, a whirlwind.
The, enormous crowd outside and inside
the -park, began cheering! wildly, and at
the same time the bands struck up "The
Marseillaise," while all the French, people
present waved email trl-colored. flags, and
as Fournier halted before the goal an im
mense wreath of laurel, decorated with
ribbons of the German and French colors.
and inscribed in German with the word
"Victory," was .handed to him/" Then
Fournier completed^ the circuit of the
track and left his autocar, the bands^lay
ing Sousa marches. -The victor was then
taken hold of by a score of lusty young
French and German athletes, who lifted
him upon their shoulders and carried him
across the field to the main stand. He
said: .- ... V;. >. '.. . ¦¦ ' ¦ •. ¦:-.,-. ¦
"The plans, adopted for finding the roads
were faultless and our reception i every
where was enthusiastic, more so in Ger
many, than in; France. < But the roads in
Germany ; ; are ' decidedly, worse than in
France. :' They, were good:; to Montjole.
Thence, to Muenster. they, were - execrable.
To Dusseldorf .they were good. '•• Thence to
Bielefeld they were awful.- With the air
thick with soot and smoke, ,we looked like
chimney sweeps. ;i; It is owing to these con
ditions; thut^the trip has" not' beaten' the
Bordeaux-Paris race.?' '•.¦.:'¦¦;¦-',. = ¦
_|. Soon ; the racers began'-comlng = in - fast."
Tne first five were 'Frenchmen, , hut every,
time the '< same deep-throated | hurrah I went
iUp, ; and each man was carried in rtriumph
upon U the I shoulders ¦ of • enthusiastic - Ger
man and French sportsmen. : All: the ar-!
BERLIN, June 29.— The arrival here of
the Paris-Berlin racing motors, M, | Foiir
nier the winner, Waa generally recognized
as the great sporting event of tlie season.
As : evidence of this from 8 o'clock; in the
morning ihe high road from Spandau to
the west end was UlUrfcly Uned.wlth peo
ple. From Berlin thousands of bicyclists
ami automoblllsts and mj(ny of. the most
fashionable turnouts tolled up the; hill
leading from Cbarlot^enburg to the' west
end suburb, about ':&&' .miles from Berlin
proper. | There, tn Germany's largest trot
ting paxk, the. victorious participants in
the Paris-Berlin race arrived one- by one
before a fashionable, sport-loving assem
blage of 10,000 persons, ; '- V
Stands decorated with ¦ flags and ', bunt
ing, French, Ger man and Belgian colors
intertwined, 'were erected . at' the 5 .: goal
where the judges, officers of the automo
bile clubs of France^ Germany, Austria
and Belgium,- and ' distinguished guests
were waiting. The military bands played
inspiring music. Among the interested
spectators present were Duke Frederick
of Mecklenburg, the -Prince. and Princess
of Pless, nee Cornwallis-West; the old.
Prince of Pless, head: of the house: the
trince of Thurn and Taxis; Count Bero
llngen, with his American wife and his
daughter, who last season was the reign
ing belle of : the BerlinV and .Stuttgart
courts; Count von Wedel, Major. von Ez
beck,- the -Duke of Ratibon, 'Commercial
Councillor Frledland, ; Count 1 von Strach
witz, Captain von der Tlanltz, General
von Becker, Count de Talleyrand,, Baron
von Kuhlmann, the . Chevalier de Stem,
who came • to witness the finish for , the
Austro-Hungarlan Automobile Club in his
own autocar from Budapest /direct; and
Herr von Imptsch. , ; : ';
. ,When M. J de Becker ' arrived ; In a ; light
voiturette at about 8:40' a. vm.> as the first
of- the:- tourist party . there was / much
cheering. Among, the autocars. sent ahead
was Baron de Zuylen's seventy-horsepow
er vehicle, with seven seats, which excited
considerable ;• interest. '.Hundreds < of army
officers in bright 1 uniforims enlivened the
scene, as did crowds of ladles in elegant
light costumes. The ; weather, was fair, but
hot.'. A special telegraph bureau- and post
office were provided by tha authorities for
rivals complained of the heat, dust and
poor quality of the roads.
After tbo lapse, of several hours, during
which about a score of motor cars-ar
nved.the motors were formed into a long
line, and the club members and a
cortege of carriages the -whole procession
wended Its way I to the city, through
streets packed with sightseers, passing
the length of the Thiergarten. through
the Brandenburg gate . s»n<3 then across
Unter den Lindcjn, to the* automobile ex
position nnd the Gardea du Corps bar
racks. • The motorists were ¦ heartily
cneered aions the route.
. The distribution of prizes w&l take place
to-rnorrow. There will be a banquet to
night at. the Kaiserhof. The eveaing pa
w r^ he , re T > express ' a PP r «» v al of Premier
Waldeck-Rousseau's ant! -rotator race dec
laration }n the French Chamber of Depu
ties yesterday, mention a number of se
vere accidents which occurred during. the
race * in | Germany and i demand that i the
Government strictly regulate the speed of
motorcars. .. '. ¦ ' . "• .
Breaks Automobile E-ecord.
.; SAN JOSE. June 29.— H. T. MeKnight
of New • YorU ' broke the Pacific Coast
record for automlbiles here by drlvim*
his machine * over the Monterey road
course one mile in 1:12. The roadw.as.in
on !,y./alr condition. ; The world's record
is i:ob.
Angels Beat the Dudes.
LOS AJCGELES, June SS.—Oakland made
its run oa Hale's wildness. Johnson
pitched another unlucky game. Score:
LOS ANGELES. .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Brockhoff, r. t 5 2 3 0 0 0 1
Reiti. 2b 110 0 2 5 0
Householder, c. f... 4 1 2 0 3'0 0
Spies, c 3 0 10 4 1.0
Decker, lb 4 0 2. 0 12 1 1
Reilly. 2b 2 11112 1
Kelly, s. e 3 0 0 0 2 6 0
Bowman, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hale. p... 3 0 0 0 14 0
•Hu*chinson 1 0 0 0 0 0-0
Totals 29 5 9 1 27 18 3
•Batted for Hale In the ninth.
OAKLAND.
_£j, . „ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dur.:eavy, 1. t 5 1 2 0 0 0 0
Drennan, c. 1 3 0 110 10
etreib. lb 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
Babbitt, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Arrellanes, 2b 4.0 00 1 1 0
Francks, s. s 3 10 0 4 11
Lohraan. c 2 0 10 7 4 1
Moore. Sb 3 10 0 2' 20
Johnson, p. 2 10 0 0 3 1
Tctals K 4 ~4 1 «3 12 1
TOce out when winning run was snored.
RCXS AND HITS BT-INNIXGS.
Los Angeles 20000101 1—6
Base hitt 1 0 0 1 0 3 1" 2 * l-»
Oakland 00300000 1^
Base hlte 10200000 1—1
SUMMARY.
Earned runs-Los Angeles 2. Home run-
Householder. Three-base hit — Householder
Sacrifice hlts-Relt 2 2, Kelly. First Son
errors-Los Angeles 3, Oakland 1. First base
on called balls-Off Hale 8. off Johnson 2 i^t
on bases-Los Angeles 7. Oakland 6. Struck
out—By Kale 4. by Johnson 6. Hit by nltcher—
, Reilly £Sples. Johnson. Double pllyWohnT
Unlpire^GravS. 10 Time °l m^A
.
Acid Kills a Society Woman.
BUTTE, Mont., June 29.—Mrs. Annie
O'Brien, a prominent society woman, the
•wife of William O'Brien, an architect
died this evening. She swallowed aquan'
tity of carbolic acid at her home on West
Silver street, and -when found was dead
fine was a daughter of the late Marco
Medln. who: died: a few days ago. The
Coroner's Jury returned a verdict ot ac
cidental death.
It took one hour to play four innings yester
day. The day was sultry and the players
seemed to be In a lazy mood.
Croll "and Schwartz were struck out in sue
•cession by Harper.. "Sapho 1 " also scalped
Pabst. and the "fans" howled in merry glee.
Croll went Into the game with a stiff neck,
but It did not prevent him from taking many
In center garden.
'"Sapho" delayed the Eame by posing. He
was as graceful as a ballet dancer and as de
liberate as a man with "charley-horse."
Hildebrand is undoubtedly the best hunter in
the league. His eye is so true that he can
bunt at will.
As soon as a player writes for a paper his
team loses. As an instance of this Matthewson
pitched winning, ball until he put pencil to
paper. Hodson lost his first game. "Brick"
Dovereaux tried It yesterday, but the Jonah
was there. His team lost the game when
victory was theirs; he was fined $5 and than
escorted out of the prame by a policeman.
Pabet and "Brick" shook hands, ,both hav
ing been ftned and put out of the game. ¦
Bvans lort and won his game yesterday. He
contributed to Sacram«nto'» inoraentcrv •••?/..
cess by allowing the Senators to walk, j then
steadied down, pitched good ball ana niaae
three runs on throe nice swats.
Francks robbed Bowman of • a hit and the
Angela of a run by • a sensational catch on
Thursday. ;.\v.» ¦
Jor.es showed the home guard th.at he can
pitch good ball. On Thursday his work was
faultless and the victory virtually belonged
to him. '. . . .
Two hours and a half Is too long for a game.
The. managers of both teams should feed their
players on ginger.
Five of • the «1* errors In Thursday's game
were on fly bulls. Dunleavy and Brockhoff
made, inexcusable muffs, Reilly went too far
under a high fly and Kelly and Francks drop
ped l'ners. • . ,
Hodson Is not a youn* player bv any means.
Old man Graves caught .him in Buffalo as far
bark a* 1S88.
When Devereaux was ordered out of the game
by Tyler Carter's services were demanded. He
finished the inning out at short.
Standing of the teams: ',
Clubs— ¦ ' Won. Lost. 'Played. Pet.
Ran Francisco.. S3 25 58 .569
Kos Angele& ;........ 2S !S 53 .528
Sacramento 26 ' 29- 55 .473
Oakland : 25 83 6S . .431
1 Roy Evans had no control yesterday. He
walked six Jn two innings. He redeemed him
self in, the third by rapping out a two-bagger
to the left field fence.
Pabst was given the "high sign"* by Tyler
and' the "fans" knew the captain was out one
"V." He lost another fiver In theSpinth.
Schwartz and Pabst make double, steals very
cleverly. -
instruct the members of their respective teams
to go to bat with more ginger the game would
be faster and the spectators would enjoy it
more.
that he -was given his release after yes
terday's game. Tyler was conscientious
in his umpiring and tried to give just de
cisions, but his inexperience and faulty
"orb" brought him into disrenute with
the spectators. It is thought that Rtibe
will be the right man in the right place.
He has umpired many games, is an old
time ball player and in the "old days"
was idolized by the bleachers. Rube will
certainly be Kiven an ovation ¦ when ' he
yells "play .ball". 'to-day ••¦,
.The score of Saturday's'gante:
; . SAN FRANCISCO. ¦
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, cf.I... 3 1105 1 0
Hildebrand, If...... 5 2 1 0 2 0 0
Schwartz. 2b...:.... 0 1 2 2 5 3 0
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 1 6 1 0
ICrug-. ss 5 1 1 0 2 5 1
Nordyke. rf 4 1 10 10 0
"Josh" Reilly, 3b.. 5 0 1 0 1 10
Graham, c 5 0 10 5 2 1
Evans, p 5 2 3 0 8 2 1
Iburg, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals ..41 8 12 8 27 . 15 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH.. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss 3 1 1 20 4 1
McLaughlln. rf 3 0 1 0 4 0 0
Courtney. 2b........ 4 1 10 2 1 0
Doyle, lb 4 1 0 0-901
McGucken, cf 3 0 1 0 2 ,1 0
Strlcklett. rf -3 0 11 1 0 0
Stanley, c 3 1 0 0 8 0 1
Sheehan, 3b.... 2 1 1 0 1 2' 1
Harper, p 2' 0 0 0 .0 3 1
Carter, ss.. 0 0.0 0 0 ' 0 0
Totals 27 5 6 3 27 11 5
HITS AND RUNS BY INNINGS. ,
San Francisco......... 0 0 10 0 0 2 0 6—9
Base hits.' .012 100 3 0 5— 12
Sacramento 1'2 '2 0 0 0 0 . 0 0— 5
Base hits 0; 0 2 1 1 1 1 0.0—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Evans 2. ; Harper 3.
Two-base' hits— Evans, Nordyke. Sacrifice hits
— Courtney, McGucken. . First base on errors —
San Francisco 3, Sacramento 1. First bnseon
called balls— San Francisco 4, Sacramento 9.
Left en bases— San Franelneq 9. Sacramento 7.
Struck out— by Evans 2, by Iburg 1, by Harper 6.
Double play— Schwartz to Krug-, to Pabst.
Wild pitches— Evans, Iburg. . Time of game —
Two hours and thirty minutes. Umpire,—Ty
ler. Official Bccrer— McFarlane.
Notes of the Gams.
Croll walked in the first and was declared
out for ' interfering with . Courtney, who went
after Hildebrand'g sharp infield hit. . ¦ <
If Captains Fabst and Devereaus would only
FOURNIER, AT WHIRLWIND SPEED,
WINS THE GREAT AUTOMOBILE RAGE
RECTOR IS MADE
STAKE FAVORITE
Fast Greyhound Is First
Choice in Champion
Event.
"War Eagle Is Heavily Backed
to Win the Reserve
Final.
In the run-down of the Reserve stake
at TTnion Park yesterday dogs that were
on the short end in the betting figured
<iuite extensively and made the day an
tinpleasant one to the bettors who give
x>dds that their judgment is right. In all
twelve favorites were beaten, and In every
.instance the short end that caused the
"upset was at least a 3 to 1 shot The
bunch averaged 4 to 1, an extraordinary
showing.
On two occasions Santonin gave his
backers a chance to say unpleasant things
of • his cualiflcations as a courser. The
dog's first failure was in his course- with
Jingle Bells. Ten to 1 was offered that
Santonin would get the flag, but after a
short course he was declared a loser by a
score of 1 to 3. On accoupt of the with
drawal of McKinley near the finish of tha
cay's sport Santonin was sent to the slips
as the bye dog to compete with Lord Bea
consfield. Once acain he was made a fa
vorite, this time at 3 to 1, and once again
did he fail to make good to the ones who
played him.
Algie McDonald beat Vixen, a bye dog,
at 5 to 1; May Hempstead beat Tea Rose,
Oolden Russet beat Spiteful, Tom Hur
leck beat Tapioca, at 4 to 1; Master Work
man beat Fontenoy, Royal Anne beat
Strayaway, Cash beat Freeze Out in a bye,
Thelma beat Thornhill. Swedish beat
King's Borderer and ; Kound About beat
Black Head, at 3 to L
"War Eagle is well played for the stake
at 5. Tyrone Prince, at the top of the
.card, is quoted at 6. He is in a good posi
tion on the card and considering his re
cent good work should finish close to the
money, unless Mayflower beats him in the
third round. Rocker and Hot Haste are
not without backing. The Grafter Is held
>at 7 and King Cotton at 8." Narcissus, at
5 to 1, is at top price witn War Eagle,
though not so Heavily played.
• Likely winners in the second round are
Tyrone Prince, Mayflower, Shadow, Chi
cago Boy, Candelaria, Buck, Frisco Lad,
Loyal Lad. Silver Cloud. Rocker, Master
Rocket, N'ora. Agamemnon. Vulcan. Echo,
War Eagie, The Grafter, Talk to Me, Nar
cissus, Roval Flash, Greenhall. Freeze
Out, Lilac. Honor Bright, Ever Sure,
Flower of Gold, Round About and King
Cotton.
In the Champion Reserve event Rector,
"who has the epeed over any in the stake,
is the choice, and it looks as if he will
contest for the last flag with the winner
cf the Little Sister-Harlean Gladys
course. Lujcor Is at top figures, but will
have to show much above his form of last
vreek to keep in the chase.
For a good outside chance. Fine Fire is
worth noticing. He has been trying hard
and his failure to reach the finals has
been because of bad luck.
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat L. F. Bar
ters Beet Barsain, 6-2; J. Smith's Master
« orkman beat Star Kennels' Fontenov, 3-0 ;
E. M. Kelloegs Sweet Emma beat A. Vander
white's Lear King, 9-4; Star Kennels' May
flower beat W. C. Glasson'E lone, 10-0; P. M.
Ourtis' Shadow beat George Sharman's St.
•Ives, 6-2; P. Doyle's Liberator beat George
Fharman's Bowery Boy. 4-J; Russell & Allen's
Castaway beat T. J. Cronia's Vixen, 4-2;
George tharman's Chicago Boy beat J. C«*
tai s Kanaka, £-0; A. R. Curtis' Candemria
beat J. Smith's Boney Boy. 12-3; J. Dempsey's
Jinple Bells beat Chiarini Bros.* Santonin, 3-1;
E. M. Kellogg's Buck beat P. M. Curtis' Cash,
3-2; Russell & Allen's First Foot beat P. Ros
ner's Home, 10-4; P. M. Curtis' Vagrant beat
W. Oalrnes' Gold Ore. 8-0; E. M. Kellogg's
Frisco Lad beat J. J. Keenan's Lundin Links.
4-2; R. 13. Kay's Hawker beat L. F. Bartel's
Bani:er Bright, 3-1; A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad
beat George Shaman's Miss Skyrocket, 8-0;
C. O. Peterson" s Silver Cloud beat W. C. G!as
ton's Sleigh Bells, 4-2; George Sharman's
Black Flush beat Pasha Kennels' Belle Rocket,
3-0; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat P. M. Curtis'
Mrs. Fiske, 10-0; Pasha Kennels' Master
Rocket beat W. Calrne's Imperial, 7-6' F A.
HcComb's Hot Haste beat Pat ha Kennels'
Rollicking Air», 4-2; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple
beat A. Vandprberg's Naughty Girl, 2-0- J
Seggerson's Algie McDonald a bye; T. J. Mc-
Inerecy's Xorah beat E. Mailer's Emma M.
4-0; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat Russell
& Allen's Strayaway. 7-2; Aen*id Kennels'
Agamemnon beat A. R. Curtis' Pilot S-3-
Pasha Kennels' Lawrence beat F. Schou'e
Nora Lawrence, S-0; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat
T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy Rex, 14-9; F A
McComb'e Motto beat P. M. Curtis' Miss
Fye. 4-0; P. M. Curtis' Echo beat Captain
Clarkson's Golden Garter, 4-0: P. M. Curtis'
War Eagle beat J. Hurley's Grainery. 6-2; P.
J. Reilly's Royal Union beat Sterl & Knowles"
Cold Shivers, 2-0; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl
beat Erskine & ' Jones' Lavender. 12-0; J
Markland's The Grafter beat F. B. Gerber's
Rienzi. 5-4; Russell & Allen's Talk to Me beat
Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer, 3-1; Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead beat T. Tierney's Tea
Rose. 2-0; Star Kennels'- Herschel'e Pride beat
P. SteinhcftTs Veto. 5-0: P. M. Curtis* Nar
cissus beat E. M. Kellog's Modest Lad 6-0-
RusseJl & Allen's Daisy Clair beat E. M. Kel-
Icg^'s Crawford Belle. 4-2: F. A. MeComb's
Royal Flush beat Russell & Allen's Rosie
Clair. 6-0; P. Jackson's Golden Russet beat
R-UFscll & Allen's Spiteful, 3-0; J. Cane's
Greenhall beat D. J. Healey's Tiburon, 4-1;
E. Geary's Connie Pasha beat S. A. Smith's
eylvanus. 15-7; Sterl & Knowles* Freeze Out a
bye; H. Lynch's Lilac beat S. A. Smith's In
jury. 9-2; P. Jackson's Honor Bright beat O
Zahl'e Miss Wilson. 6-0; D. Cahill's Ever Sure
beat P. M. Curtis' Betty Martin. S-l; A. R.
Curtis' Lord Beaconsfield, a bye; Captain
Clarkson's Flower of Gold beat F. Schou's
Smuggler, 5-2; P. Doyle's Thelma beat T J
Cronin's Thornhill, 2-0; J. Kavanaugh's Swed
ish beat F. Echou'e King's Borderer. 6-3; Pa
cha Kennels' Round About beat Star K»nne1s"
Black Head. 5-1; D. J. Healy's Tapioca beat
W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick, 4-0; A. R. Cur
tis' King Cotton beat S. A. Smith's Petronius
S-0.
ST LOUIS, June 29.-The getaway at the
Fair Grounds was marked by. one of the
most threatening- demonstrations ever
witnessed on a racetrack in thlg city. The
trouble was caused by the unsatisfactory
running: in the fifth 'race, in which Varro,
Chappaqua and Peaceful were figured as
the principal contenders. Varro was made
a redhot favorite at 13 to 10, with Chap
paqua well backed at 14 to 5. Three to
one was chalked up against Peaceful.
Starter . Bruen shocked the backers of
Varro and Chappaqua by letting Peace
ful off with a flying start, not dropping
Ws flag until that horse was beyond the
timo nag. The crowd yelled in derision
as Peaceful opened up .a big gap. The
other contenders never had the ghost of
a chance to win. Peaceful led into the
stretch .by eight lengths and won, pulled
"!>• i>y haI * that distance from Varro.
Hundreds of angry men surrounded the
Judges stand, demanding that Peaceful
?o set back, and crying. "Thieves!"
Robbers!" and other like terms, while
nis.ses could be ¦ heard throughout the
grounds. Peaceful is owned by C. J.
Cella, a brother of one of the proprietors
of the racetrack, and this fact was strong
ly commented on. Racing will be re
sumed at Delmar Monday. Results:
One mile, selling— Hardly won. Sylvan sec
ond. Insurrection third. Time, 1:42^.
Six furlongs, purse— Wakita won. Satchel
second. Polhen third. Time, 1:14V4. ¦ '
Seven furlongs— Ladas won, Raadazzo sec
ond. Tobe Paine third. Time, 1:28.
Six furlongs, the Laurel stake, $1600— Vide
Vance won, Ben Led! second, Frank Bell third.
Time, 1:13%.
One mile, purse— Peaceful won, Varro sec
ond. John Baker third. Time. 1:42H.
Six furlonge, purse— General MeGrader won,
A. D. Gibson second, Jake Weber third. Time,
Mile and three-sixteenths, sellinsr— Rushflelds
won. Judge Steadroan second, Ida Ledford
third. Time. 2:01%.
NEW YORK, June 29.— Blue Girl, run
ning- in the name and colors of John E.
Madden, won the J20.000 Great Trial stakes
at Sheepshead Bay to-day. Whitney
shared the honors of Blue Girl's victory
as. he owns a half-interest in the fillv.
Blue Girl was coupled with Fly Wheel
as the Madden entry, and closed a hot
favorite at 7 to 5. Summery:
Selling, five and a half furlongs— O"Hagan
•won, Honolulu second. Wild Oats third Time
1:OS 3-5.
Six furlonjrs— Mixer won, Cervera second, Isi
dcr third. Time, 1:11 1-5.
Great Trial stake race, $20,000. six furlongs-
Blue Girl. 126 (Shaw), 7 to 5 and .4 to 5, won-
Hvphen, 122 (Plggott), 15 to 1 and 5 to J, sec
ond; Gold Smith, 117 (Turner), 6 to 1 and 2 to
1. third. Time. 1:13 1-5. Fly Wheel, Compute,
Whisky King, Dean Swift, Port Royal, Leonid,
Par Excellence and Reformer also ran.
Mile and a half, the Advance stakes— Star
Bright won, Ethelbert second. Prince of Mel
bourne third. Time, 2:33 1-5.
Steeplechase, about two and a half miles-
Passe Partout won. Magic Light second. Ful
minate third. Time, 5:11.-
Mile and a sixteenth, on turf, selling—Bar
betla won. Pleasant Sail second, Ilium third.
Time, 1:49 2-5.
CHICAGO, June 29.— Washington Park sum
mary:
Mile and twenty yards, purse $700 — The Lady
won, Monarka'second. Wild Pirate third. Time,
1:40 3-$.
Five furlongs, puree $600— The Rival won, Nel
lie Waddell second, Jaubert third. Time
1:00 4-6. '
Oakwood handicap. $2300 added, mile and an
eighth — Robert 'Waddell won. The Conqueror II
second. Advance Guard third. Time, 1:52 3-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, purse $300— Evelyn Byrd
won. Enghurst second. Grandon third. Time.
1:48 3-5.
Six furlongs, purse $600 — Anna Haln won.
Burnie Bunton second, Livadia third. Time.
1:13 3-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, purse $600— Barrack won.
Myth second, Malay third. Time, 1:48%.
CINCINNATI. June 29.— Summary:
Six and a half furlongs — Ceylon won, Arriba
second. Brown Vail third. Time, 1:21%.
Seven furlongs— Maggie Felix won. Stamp eec
ond. Locust Blossom third. Time, 1:28.
Five furlongs, selling — Follow won. Rose of
Red second, Miss Gaines third. Time, 1:02%.
One mile, handicap— John McElroy won, To
luca second. Strathbroeck third. Time 1:40%.
Six furlongs, selling— Flop won, Semicolon
second. Slasher third. Time, 1:14.
One mile, selling— Ignis won. King Elkwood
second, Caloocan third. Time, 1:42.
BUTTE, June 29.— The Montana Jockey Club
meeting opened here to-day with fine weather
and a good attendance. The track was not
fast, nor was the betting heavy. Results:
2:35 trot— Mount Hood won In two straight
heats. Erudition second,* Saxering third.
Time, 2:26%. 2:24^4.
Four furlongs— Huachuca won. Irma A sec
ond, E. M. Brattan third. Time. -A9%. *
Five and a half furlongs— Doublet won. De
capo second, Valencienne third. Time, 1:08%
One mile, preliminary derby handicap— Jim
Hale won, Ada N second, Quibo third. Time,
Mile and fifty yards— Spike won. Gauntlet
second, Rio-Chico third. Time, 1:46.
. Six and a half furlongs— Kitty Kelly won,
Julictta B second. Burdock third. Time 1-2314
DETROIT, June 29.— Jockey O'Connor ' met
with a serious accident while at the post for
the first race to-day at Highland Park. Wee
Dolly let fly with both her heels Just as the
flag went down and landed on O'Connor's leg
fracturing it. Results:
Six furlongs — Round O won. Mamie Gerst
second. ¦ Silver Locks third. Time, 1:16.
Six furlongs— Khaki won. Flying Besa sec
ond, Lizzie A third. Time, 1:15.
Five furlongs— Paul Creyton won. Vela sec
ond.- Tom Crabb third. Time, 1:03%.
Handicap, one mile and an eighth— Oronotas
won, J. H. Sloan second, Talala third. Time.
l:M%.
' One mile — Belle Court won. All Saints sec
ond. Rotterdam third. Time, 1:43.
Five furlongs— Lemuel won. J. Patrick sec
ond. Silk Cord third. Time, 1:02%.
Six furlongs. Belling— Our Lizzie won, Prosit
second, Zeedfeld third. Time, 1:15>4.
DENVER, June 29.— Overland Park results:
Free for all. pacing— Lottie Smart won sec
ond, third and fourth heats. Time, 2:08, 2:08%,
2. "0914. Raymond M won first heat. Time
2:12%. E S also started.
2:10 trotting-— Trilby P won third, fourth and
fifth heats and race. Time, 2:1SU. 2:20, ?:26.
Toggles won two first heats, but was drawn.
Time, 2:14>«, ?:13. Stamboulette also started.
Five and a half furlongs — Don H won,
Sweet Voice second, Summer third. Time
VMM-
Five and a half furlongs*- Lucy tVhke wen,
Caruthers second. Comet third. Time, 1:G9.
Six fnrloriKs — Vlrgle d'Or won, Alarla, second.
Betty B third. Timer 1:14.
Four and a half fUrlongrs— Virjffl D wo»,
Joe D second, Bip Dutch third. Time, :5*M.
Seven furlongs, gentlemen risers— Major (Mr.
Ullie) won. Viola K fMr. Itopun) ppcond, Tor
sion (Mr. Roberts) th!rd. Time. 1:34.
Blue Girl "Wins the Great Trial
Stakes at Shespshead
QUEER RACING
CAUSES RIOT
Exciting Scene on the
Fair Grounds at
St. Louis.
GERMANS DEFEAT THE SENATORS
IN A SLOW BUT EXCITING GAME
Local Organization PuDsaVictory Out of Certain Defeat by Timely
Batting in the Ninth Inning.
FOURNIER IS EASILY FIRST AUT OMOBILE RAC E
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI,, SUNDAY; JUNE 30, 1901.
24
In Europe the linden seems to be the
tree which lives the longest, and which
attains the most gigantic proportions.
A kiss by moonlight Is one of love's
strongest arguments.
H Not a Temporary Dangerous Stimulant. Such as is
H Produced by Electric Belts or Patent Medicines, but
m a. Penrfinent Restoration to Health and Strength.
§q A great many people do not seem to understand the difference between
K the regular practitioner and the medical expert who has devoted his .life
B study to. say,- three or four complicated diseases. They seem to be under the
I impression tnat any physician cures any disease with equal success/ It is an
| every day experience to have a patient say, "I have tried nearly every rem-
W edy sold by druggists for my trouble." and the invariable verdict is "no bene- B
I fit." Another will say:- "I have been treated by several family physicians In K
¥ my neighborhood who thought they could cure me, but the results proved §\
I Nervous ,|^^^^tt^./ Contracted 1
II. it C3KuwS5' "^o«2\ ¦•*^~ J|' JlIC e|
| , Dr. Meyers & Co. fyhftG*b\ jJv^^^^^**' ' 1Ien who ar * a *- B
3 restore weak. <|?- ' l^'Afe « jZ{4Mx&M$M'l\ t filcted with any of M
8C spondf-nt and de- 1 1 these ailment j FJ
fj btlHated men to I i >iV^ii4&»sS^^iW9^sf shculd consult Dr. gj
% ,tr«npth. robust iV^^SS^S^S^^ Meyers & Co. Dis- U
j4 and perfect l-.eaitn. Xi'^--J^?«T^&-w;v5-:? i &; ease recently con- E
§8 No matter what J \^Si$»M ; *^;0V V$*? tracted or chronic, E3
|H may have caused /&\ ~^&J%*fa$Si& t 'ft '^tt?} patnful and dan- |4
Rj the trouble, these JL^ X t^-^mJM^>Jf$r sercus from bad M
|3 specialists can ,>53§?5 X^ / "•vSraBglwfKjRSw treatment or nee- W
EJ quickly pain the / '_-_M^^^f^&^V lect> « ulckl >' an <* M
By mastery. All cures -cgj > s^'^mj -¦>" u *3iSwwfp'}--* permanently j|
5] '. are lasting as lire.' •* - ¦ . cured. M
H Every member °*t£f_{ t g£.pi: r>R. MEYETRS & CO. is a specialist of long R" \
£g experience in curing DISEASES AND WEAKNESS OF HEX. Their original if \
H method of treatment checks all. wasting of flesh, builds up the nerve tissues *Tfi
IS creates sound and refreshing sleep, removes pains in any part of the body fcl
U -makes the weak strong, increases concentration and banishes the visible and II t4
M invisible svmntoiEs arising from violations of the laws "of nature. «3
M DR. MEYERS & CO. are not only more experienced in CURING MEN but I ¥
II they are better prepared than any other doctors, as they have the largest and I «F .
PI most thoroughly eouipned medical Institution in America. |g
m DR. MEYERS & CO. have always had a large^practice, but to-day they Iff \
gl are curing more men than ever before. §£
H THEY CURE — Lost Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnatural h)
g Losses. Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture, jj I \
B Tumors. Varicocclc, Special Diseases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleep- H
g lessness, Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Kidney Diseases, Bladder if
U Diseases, Spine Diseases, Liver Diseases, Heart Diseases, Blood \
| Diseases, Skin Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear % jt
I Diseases, Lung Diseases, > Rectal Diseases. §
NO PAY TILL CURED. |
As a guarantee DR. MEYEKS & CO. \vi!» let the rnt'ent deposit the Drte* of a cur*
in any bMk in San Pranc'seo, to be oald to DR. yjTT.YKTlS & CO. after he Is entirely ft
•well. If it is not convenient to do this payn-.cms may be made in weekly or monthly
Installments. ._,-.. *
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
Thers are rr>en in every city, town and school district throughout the West -»>,«
have been cured by DR. METERS' euccessful HOME-CURE systeir i Ainousrh Jtu 1 1 1
preferable to see the patient In many instances, it is not always necesa^v • * \
If you cannot call, writ* ftr. book, diagnosis sheets, free advice nricea and bth« 1
particulars. -Correaoondence solicited. All letters confidential. No prlnui envel
opes or packages to indicate name or sender. ° prmuns oa envel-
DR. MEYERS & GO. i
731 Market St. (EMor entrance) San Francisco, Cal. : *
. ;r Hours j-8 to 5 daily, 7,to 8 ev;n!n£a. 9 to 11 Sundays. ** iOdd Fellowship.
There was a very large attendance of
the members of California Lodge No.' 1,
I. O. O. F., last Monday night to welcome
the Past Noble Grands' Association on the
occasion of its first fraternal vitlt, and it
was a glorious welcome that the visitors
received. There were addresses by Vice
President F. L. Turpln of Pacific Lodge;
W. W. Watson of Fidelity; Secretary Ed
wards, W. A. S. Nicholson of Golden
West; M. Johnson of Apollo; L. K Remey
of Franco-Americalne; A. H. Breckwoldt
of Hermann, president of the relief com
mltte; J. A. Foster of Yerba Buena; M.
Gibson, David Vanorden of California,
and N. M. Peterson of Fidelity. There
•were also a few remarks by C. L. Parent
of the host lodge, who. is one of the old
est Initiated members of; the order. Rob
ert Burns favored the meeting with bal
lads H. : M. Todd rendered selections on
the cornet, H.F.Schlott gave: a piano
recital and Malcolm Whyte of California
Lodge jjave a recitation.
San Francisco Lodge has completed Its
arangements for the banquet to be given
in celebration of the; golden anniversary,
on the 5th of July, of the Institution of
the lodge." '• ' ' .
Hermann Lodge has arranged for an
outing to and picnic at Buena vista Park
on the 25th of August. • '
Past : Noble , Grand W.B. Curtis; of Fi
delity Lodge has been elected master of
Excelsior Degree - team. The officers of
this team will be installed on the 13th of
July, on which occasion the -Veterans; As
sociation will pay a fraternal visit.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
. . Saturday, June 29. .
Schr Halcyon, Johnson,' 6 " days from" Grays
Harbor. _.-,,, gAIL]3 D " .. ; -
¦ , '. yi ''. Saturday, . June 29.
yStmr Crescent City, Payne,- Cresctnt City.
•-. . DOMESTICS PORTS." -I
: PORT TOWNSENrPArrived June' 29— Schra
FredJ "Wood,. Annie Larsen and AM Baxter,
for San t Pedro.-..* .
BALLARD— Sailed June 28— Schr Stim«Mv
for ' Hi ili n nli i 1 iMiMIWfrWWi' r t|lHWiiW»wwi(iiiHj|jnJ
NEAH i BAT— Passed i in ' Juno 29— Ship ! Henry.
Villard,'.- hence [June". 15.--. •-¦¦'- -. ; ¦„¦ ¦ ..t,
¦< Passed . out f June 29— Br bark : Lyderhdrn, . for
Queenstown. , : . :' ,< " ' - . ' "¦
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
There has been prepared a large list of
the usual and some entirely new and
novel games. There will also be a number
of gate prizes.
Gate and game prizes — E. Lastreto, A. Jonea.
M. Bloom, W. F. Kruger, C. de Cleer and
Frank Pearson.
The following officers were elected: President,
P. S. Seymour; vice president, E. Lastreto;
secretary, J. H. Hutaff; treasurer. H. A.
Chase. . «
The following are the several sub-com
mittees:
Finance committee— L. Granwall, M. 'Bloom
and L. G. Bleg. » .
Printing— J. H. Hutaff, C. de Cleer and F.
Pearson. j
Music— Miss M. Baun, T. M. Searey and F.
Petersen.
Press— J. H. Hutaflf.
Programme— H. A. Chase, E. Lastreto and
F. D. Ritchie.
Park and transportation— A. Dawson, J. W.
Kelly and W. C. Rowley.
Pocahontas Council. Mrs. S. Gutstadt;-Alfar
etta Council. J. G. Smith; Matoaka Council,
Miss K. Cunningham; Yosemite Council, H. H.
Cole: Kahweah Council, Mrs. M. Seaberg;
Potoma.c Council. F. Pearson; Oneida Council.
Miss C. L. Johnson; Karnona Council Miss M.
Baun.
Manzanita. Tribe. H. A. Chase; Miantono
mah Tribe, O Cutler; Pohonachee Tribe, A.
Jones, Pocahontas Tribe, T. M. Searey; Sotoy-"
ome Tribe F. Petersen: Seminole Tribe, J.
Arees; Modoc Tribe, W. P. Moran; Wlnnemuc
ca Tribe, A. Dawson; Tecumseh Tribe,. C. A.
Kalghin; Osceola Tribe. P. 8/ Seymour; White
Eaele Tribe, F. G. Bieg; Bald Eagle Tribe, H.
C. Wehr; Arapahoe Tribe. L. Gran wall ;. Mon
tezuma Tribe F. F. Terramorse; Oshonee
Tribe. M. Bloom; Comanche Tribe, v, W. ; F.
Kruger; Allalunos Tribe. J. H. Hutaff;
Ahwahon^e Tribe, F. Mason; Ahwashte Tribe.
F. D. Ritchie: Monadnock Tribe, W. C.
Rowley; Cherokee Tribe. G. W. Larrln; To
ecmite Tribe. E. Lastreto: Seneca Tribe,. C. de
Cleer; Blazinr Arrow Tribe. J. W. Kelly;
The tribes of the Improved Order of Red
Men and the councils of the Degree of
Pocahontas, the ladies' branch of the or
der, are made up of patriotic men and
women who never neglect to observe in
some manner the patriotic days of the
country. This year the tribes and coun
cils of this city, Oakland, Alameda,'
Berkeley, Frultvale and Elmhurst will
celebrate the Fourth of July by an out
ing to and picnic at Sunset Park, in the
Santa Cruz Mountains. The general com
mittee that has arranged for this event
is composed of the following named:.
Cruz Mountains.
RED MEN'S FOURTH OF JULY.
Tney r Will Spend the Day in the Santa
W. H. Kline., sachem; L. F. Kline senior
sagamore: W. H.*. JIcLauuhlin, Junior saKa
more; -TV. R. Bell, prophet: T., W. B Swan,
chief of records; w. C- Howe, collector of
wampum:' J. J. Phelan, keeper of wampum:
W. H. Eastman, trustee; C. F. Mackenzie,
chief of nun I i'TW ri it W" >il TTfci
Montezuma Tribe of the Improved Order,
of Red Men has elected the following"
chiefs for the ensuing six moons*
Red Men Elect Chiefs.
Bail of Thomas Increased.
SAN DIEGO, June 29.— J. E. Thomas,
who was held for trial recently on a
charge of appropriating valuable oil paint
ings belpnging to Mrs. Editha de Lam
bert appeared in court to-day and ten
dered the $1000 bail fixed by the commit
ting magistrate. The prosecution there
upon asked that the amount of bail be In
creased and the court granted the motion,
placing the sum at $3000. This the defend
ant not prepared to give and he was
remanded to jail.
McQueen Doesn't Want to Move.
John McQueen, who conducts a carpet
beating establishment at 329 Guerrero
street, has sued the Board, of Supervisors
to restrain the enforcement of an ordin
ance declaring the petitioner's works to
be a nuisance and ordering the same
abated.
California Parlor's Fourth.
The Fourth of July celebration commit
tee of California Parlor No. 1, at a meet
ing last night, completed all arrange
ments for the parlor's outing at Fairfax
on the Fourth of July. The following
programme of events was accepted:
Address in honor of the day, E. Myron Wolf:
patriotic address, Mrs. Genevieve Baker, grand
president of the Native Daughters of the
Golden, West; original poem. Alfred Dalton;
reading- of the "Declaration of Independence,"
\j f. Byington. grand first vice president of
the Native Sons, and oration by Judge F. J.
Murasky.
After the exercises, which will com
mence at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, there
will be lunching, then dancing and games.
The affair will be under the management
of the following committee of arrange
ments:
James B. Stovall, J. P. .Donahue. W. H.
Hobro Jr.. F. J. Cussack, Charles T. Hatha
way, Louis Lacaze, Charles M. ¦ Janes, H. W.
Wreden and S. J. Blumenthal.
Will Address Women.
Mrs. May Wright Sewall will deliver an
interesting address this afternoon at 2
o'clock in the Century Hall on "Evolution
of Organization." The address is espe
cially for women, and the members of
educational and Industrial societies in
which women are interested are invited to
be present. . • .. ' ' . . ...
Medical Alumni Society Officers.
The Alumni Association of the - College
of Physicians and Surgeons of San Fran
cisco held its annual meeting at the col
lege building, on Fourteenth street, last
night. Dr. J. J. Keefe was in the chair
and Dr. Charles M. Troppmann acted as
secretary. Sixty-four new members were
elected and the following named were
chosen as officers for the year:
President. Dr. B. F. "Williams; first vice
president, Dr. J. W. Key; second vice presi
dent, J. P. Michieli, Ph. G. ; secretary. Dr.
Charles M. Troppmann; treasurer, Dr. E. A.
Besson: executive committee — r>rs. R. M. Hip-
Sins. B. Wagner- Stark, L. B. Day, V. P.
Orella, F. M. Baldwin C. O. Southard and
Louis Jacobs.
After the college commencement exer
cises to be held at Metropolitan Temple
on the evening of July 3, a banquet will
bo given by the Alumni Society at the
California Hotel. , ,
GOLFERS PLAY WITH
AN UNKNOWN BOGIE
Hutchinson's.Net Score Exactly Tal
lies With the Sscret
Number. %
The second consolation handicap against
a secret bogie was played yesterday on
the Oakland links, the bogie being S4. se
lected by chance from the numbers SO to
90. Each player selected his or her own
handicap, the first prize being won by T. R.
Hutchinson, whose net score was exactly
S-i; and the second prize being captured
by R. M. Fitzgerald with a net score of
85. The full scores are shown in the table:
OAKLAND GOLF CLUB — CONSOLATION
If -n $ HANDICAP.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK. June 29.— These Califor
nians have registered at the hotels: San
Francisco— J. W. Adams, at the Navarre;
C. Bryant, at the Vendome; S. Hay. Mrs.
C. Howell and J. Kragen, at the Grand
Union; J. Marsn, at the Savoy: the Misses
McDermott, L. M. McDermott and Mrs.:
C. F. McDermott, at the Manhattan: V.
C. McNeill, at the Grand Union; F. G.
Miner, at the Bartholdi; M. Schmidt, at
the Imperial; M. H. Sperry, at the Grand;
M. Thall, at the Vendome: B. McLean, at
the Earlington; J. W. Raphael, at the
Hoffman: Miss E. Stafford, at the Grand
Union; W. J. P. Sullivan, at the Impe
rial; A, Tenbroeck, at the Gerard.
Los Angeles— J. F. Matheis, at the Earl
ington.
Portland Police Capture Thief.
George Russell, alias "Walker, alias
Brooks, a waiter, who roomed at Mrs.
Amy Johnston's lodging-house at 413
O'Farrell street, was arrested at Portland,
Or., yesterday with a quantity of jewelry
In his possession. The jewelry was the
property of Mrs. Johnston and was stolen
from her by Russell, who disappeared
from the rooming-house last Wednesday.
The waiter's former landlady swore to a
complaint before Judge Conlan yesterday
charging the waiter with grand larceny.
Detective Ryan was sent to Sacramento
yesterday to secure extradition papers,
and will, go from there t* Portland for
Russell, whom he will bring to this ' city
for trial.
MRS. BOTKIN'S ATTORNEYS
OUTLINE THEIR PLANS
The Time for the Second Trial Has
Not Yet Been Peremptorily
Set.
The case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Dunning
and Mrs. Deane of Dover, Del:, by send
ing poisoned candy to them through the
mails, was" again called in Judge Cook's
court yesterday to be peremptorily set for
the second trial. Attorney Charles Heg
eerty asked for a further continuance till
July 15, as his law partner, George A.
Knight, was still suffering from the ef
fects of the accident last Monday, and as
he was chief counsel .in -the case he
thought the motion ' for a continuance
should be granted to enable Mr. Knight
to complete the papers necessary to carry
the case to the highest court on the ques
tion of jurisdiction. He said the defense
would first petition, the Superior Court for
the defendant's release on a writ of
habeas corpus, which would probably be
denied; the appeal would then be taken
to the Supreme Court and from there to
the Federal courts. ¦- •
District Attorney Byington opposed the
motion for a continuance. He contended
that the defense had been given ample
time to prepare all the papers needed to
appeal to the Federal courts, and he
thought the case should be peremptorily
set for trial. The Judge, however, de
cided to grant the continuance. Mrs. Bot
kin was in court, attended by her sister.
SIX DAYS OF CELEBRATION.
Battle of Manila to Be P«,eproduced
on San Diego Bay.
SAN DIEGO, June 2?.— Preparations are
going forward in all parts of the city for
the celebration of Fourth of July week,
to commence on Tuesday evening and
last until midnight of Saturday. Queen
Katherine has selected her attendants,
outriders and maids of honor. Oscar
Trippet will act as Prime Minister. The
maids in waiting will be Lena Sefton,
Ella Gerichten, Jessie Barrett, Stella
Klauber, Virginia Garrettson, Mabel
Stockton, Mabei Gassen, Sue Maywood
and Miss Bergin. The outriders selected
are Hugh Victor. Ed Hodge, Gritting
Bancroft, Walter G. Van Pelt, Jodeph
Sefton Jr., I. Noble, Hugo Klauber, M.
Alsora and Mr. Johnson of the Ranger.
Little Leora and Percy Copeland will act
as the aueens pages. The queen's col
on will be v.hite and yellow, with white
predominating.
The booths about the D-street plaza,
where the midway is to be,. are going up.
Thnre are twenty-one concessions on the
midway.
The. week is to be completely filled with
entertainment, either on this side of the
bav or at the Coronado tent city. The
big display of fireworks will take place
on Saturday night and the committee in
charge promises that another such night
will not be seen in Southern California
in many a year. There will be an illumi
nated, launch parade, followed by. aerial
and submarine fireworks, closing with a
naval battle which will be as nearly as
possible a reproduction of the battle of
Manila, with the United States steamers
Ranger and Pinta as the oppos
ing battleships and a dozen pow
er launches as the gunboats and
cruisers, and with a fort on the Cor
onado shore of the bay representing Ca
vite. The fighting will be done with bails
of fire and rockets, and there will be an
vils and cannon and the smaller guns of
the United States vessels to supply the
noise. Durjng the naval battle the bav
will be alight with floating fire, red, whiA
and green, and two of the opposing ves
sels will be sunk before the fort on Coro
nado is blown up and the Spanish flag
lowered.
DEPUTIES AT ROME
HAVE LIVELY SESSION
cultural Strikers Ended by a
Speedy Adjournment.
Debate About the Killing of Agri-
ROME, June. 29.— The debate in the
Chamber of Deputies to-day on the con
flict at Ferrara on June 27. between agri
cultural strikers and soldiers, some of the
former being killed, became so super
heated that the President was obliged .to
suspend the sitting.
Signor Giolitti, the Minister of the In
terior, replj'lng to an interpolation Jin
the subject, said he regretted the Inci
dent, which was due to the introduction
of foreign labor for harvesting. The Gov
ernment advised against foreign labor,
but when the advice was not heeded it
was obliged to safeguard the liberty of
work. The strikers attacked the .troops,
and the latter fired and killed three men
and wounded a score.
Deputy Blssolati asked if It was true
that the officer in command was drunk.
The Minister of War, General Count San
Martino, hotly repudiated the charge, and
a violent exchange of recrimination fol
lowed, ending with the suspension of the
session.
Tranquillity was restored and the session
was subsequently resumed. Slgnor Gul
cardinnl, reporter of the budget commit
tee, announced a revenue surplus of 30,
000,000 lire, exceeding the most optimistic
forecast. The Chamber adjourned with
a great loyalist demonstration, a message
of congratulation to King Victor Em
manuel - and cheers being given for the
President of the Chamber and the Minis
ters.
Dewet's Cousin Is Honored.
BRUSSELS, June 29.— A/great pro-Boer
demonstration followed the lecture deliv
ered at the Alhambra Theater this even
ing by Andrles Dewet, a cousin of Gen
eral Dewet, the Boer, commander. The
crowd unharnessed the horses from the
lecturer's carriage and drew the vehicle to
his hotel. After the ovation to the lec
turer the crowd started for the British
legation, but was dispersed by the police.
Elevator and Cars Burned.
WICHITA, Kans., June : 30.— The Rock
Island elevator In this city burned to
the ( ground this morning and the blaze
was transferred to a lot of i freight" cars
near by, but only a few of them were de
stroyed. The fire at 2:30: was under con
trol. No estimate can be accurately made
of the loss, as nobobdy is at hand who
can tell the amount of grain it contained.
Jessie Morrison "Wants New Trial.
ELDORADO, Kans., June 29.— Jessie
Morrison's attorneys served" notice in
court, to-day that they desired to file a
motion for a new trial. ¦ Judge . Attkman
set the hearing for Saturday ; next. The
defense did not state s the grounds ', upon
•which) they will base their motion : for a
new trial, but it' is supposed , to be irregu
larity In impaneling the jury : and unjust
rulings of the court. J ;«3S»fiSBft88
General Butterfleld Dying.
NEWBURG, : N. Y., June 29.-^-General
Daniel Butterfleld, who. has been'ill at his
home in : Cold Springs -for. about a mon,th,
Is; now ; rapidly failing. Dr. ; Murdek.^ who
is attending -him,: says : that, the patient
failed considerably • yesterday ; and •- to-day;
owing in a small degTee to the. excessive
heat. -; The physician , does : notv believe he
can recover.',.. ; . ,
PARISHIONEKS TO AID
SACRED HEART SCHOOL
Benefit Entertainment to Be Given at
Native Sons' Hall Next Wednes-
day Night.
Arrangements have been completed for
the benefit entertainment to be given by
the parishioners of Sacred Heart for the
Dominican Sisters of Sacred Heart School.
The entertainment is to be given next
Wednesday evening at the Native Sons'
Hall. » j
The people of the, parish and the Cath
olics of the city in general have been
greatly surprised and grieved to learn of
the anticipated suspension of the Sacred
Heart School. The pastor, Rev. 1 Father
Lagan, has made no official announce
ment, but the expected departure of the
nuns has confirmed the rumors.
- For many years these good sisters have
worked among the children of this dis
trict and the people are leaving no stone
unturned in their endeavors to retain the
Sisters.
The school building formerly used has
been declared unfit for school purposes
and, the parishioners are anxious to se
cure a rented house in the neighborhood
until such time as they, in conjunction
with Father Lagan, can erect an edifice
that will stand a monument to the parish.
Some of the best local talent has volun
teered its services for the benefit enter
tainment, and there is every indication
that the affair will be successful and that
the people of the parish will be able to
present a worthy sum to the sisters, aid
ing them to take up again the work in
which they have proved so efficient.
PERSONAL.
J. E. Morse, a Boston merchant, is at
the Palace.
Judge J. M. Corcoran of Mariposa Is a
guest at the Lick.
Ex-Senator R. F. del Valle of Los An
geles is at the Palace.
Edwin A. Wilcox, a prominent attorney
of San Jose, is at the Grand.
Edgar T. Wallace, a mining man of %
Yreka, is spending a few days at the Pal
ace.
W. E. Woolsey. an extensive fruit
grower of Santa Rosa, is spending a few
days at the Occidental.
J. R. Adams, manager of Porter Bros.*
fruit commission business at Chicago, is
at the Palace for a few days.
John Frye, a popular clerk of the Lick
House, leaves to-day for a two weeks*
fishing trip in Southern California.
David E>. Jones, Chinese interpreter for
the United States District Attorney, has
gone to Santa Clara County for a month's
vacation.
James Knox Taylor, supervising archi
tect of the United States Treasury, ar
rived here from Washington yesterday
and is registered at the Palace. . V
Charles F. Price, presiding Judge of the
Emeryville track and manager of the Cal
ifornia Jockey Club, leaves to-day for hl3
home at Louisville to spend a few weeks.
Later in the summer he will visit the New
York track in the interests of the Califor
nia Jockey Club.
SAILING OF THE CH INA.
SlanytFilipizios and Chinese Deported
on the Steamship.
The Pacific Mail Company's China sailed
for the Orient via Honolulu yesterday.
She took awa.v a very large passenger
list end all the freight she could carry.
Of the 10C people who went away in the
c&bin eisrht were just married. The
newly wed are all bound for Hawaii,
¦where they will spend their honeymoons.
Their names are Joseph Mattoon and
¦wife, the Rev. W. H. Hanna and wife,
"W. B. Allen and. wife and J. A. Matthew
jnan and wife. There was a big crowd
down to see the happy pairs away, and
rice and old shoes were very much in evi
dence as the China moved away from the
¦wharf.
Other passengers were H. H. Scott, son
of Henry T. Scott, and his cousin, William
Of rick o*f Hongkong: W. von Lohneysen.
German Consul at Shanghai: R. E. Man
ley, attorney for the Chinese Consul a.t
Manila, and a theatrical company for
Honolulu. The full list of cabin passen
£ers Is as follows:
Kor Honolulu— A. F. Afong. Mies M. Arms,
TV. B. Allen. Mrs. V\\ B. Allen, W. V. Aluli.
A M. Atherton, J. D. Ashby. Mrs. J. D.
Affcby and chiM. Miss L. L. Burdick. Charles
Bellina. T>r. J. Scott-Byrne, M. Byers, Mrs.
<\ Carrera. A. Caro. T. F. Davidson, B. F.
TniliTiKham. Miss M. Dlllingham. E. S. Doyle,
F. W, Grimwood, Ed Gray. Miss F. Gwynne,
F. F. Hedtman, J. C Hedeman, H. L. Her
bert. Mrs. J. A. Kennedy and son, W. J. Kane.
J. W*. Keen A. Kelly. Henry Lee. Mrs. Henry
I>er <~'. Lehner. C. C Mure?, H. R. Macfar
lane. Mis* E. S. Macfarlane. J. M. Maxtoon,
l£rs=. J. M. Mattoon, Miss M. McCandless, J.
A. Mathewman. Mrs. J. A. Mathewman. Miss
C. Miller, J. Markey. Miss A. Mahr, Miss P.
Mahr, A. Nelstone, Captain W. C. IV. Renny
and Mrt. Kenny, M. P. Rcbinsoa, Miss
Jl. Richardson, A. Raas, Mrs. A. liaas
and two children, E. A. ilott-Smith,
Mrs A. C. Steel*", "-fss E. Sturg-eon,
tX. R. Sweet, Mrs. C R. Sweet. C. Sullivan.
Mrs. C- -Sullivan. Allan Shaw. F. ToWn, Mrs.
F. Tobin F. 3. Vrooman. F. Vasche. Miss
G. Yas<tfie. Mrs. M. Wodehouse, H. Water
house, Mrs. H. Wsterhouse. Mrs. A. B. Wood.
For Yokohama— H. H. Beers. E. Beyer. J.
C Eentz. Mrs. J. C. Bentz and infant. Dr.
R Fukuhara, J. G. Heckscher. Captain Philip
M. Lydig, Mrs. V. Otis, H. Pollak. Mrs. H.
Pollak and two children. S. Sugiyama, S. Ya
mada.
For Nagasaki — F. Szliwe, M. Velitchko.
For Shanghai— Miss L. Crummer, Miss Ger
trude Carter, A. H. Castle. W. von Lohney
¦eii.
For Hongkong— Nathan Bentz, Mrs. Nathan
Bentz. Rev. W. H. Hanna, Mrs. TV. H. Hanna,
3i £¦ Manley William Orrick. H. H. Scott.
"T. C. Stafford, Miss E. Stewart, Miss V. A.
Tullis Dr. Lixn Tal Wingr.
From Honolulu— Sydney Cavill. Miss A. Ca
"vill. F. T. Clark. Mrs. A. Fried, Miss Fried.
E. HoMeworth, Lewis Jordan. Mrs. Lewis Jor
i<en. Miss X- Jordan, W. M. Levansaler, J.
Marquardt, Mrs. J. Marquardt. F. Beabury.
¦31 w Smith. J. S. Spear Jr.. Mrs. J. S. Spear
.Jr.. M. L. Stewart. J. Eymonds, Mrs. J.
'i-ymonds.
There was trouble with nineteen Fillpi
r.os just before the China sailed. The men
•were ordered deported, but they refused
to po. Every time they were put aboard [
thev made their escape, but were recap
tured. Finally they were put In Irons and
locked up until the steamship was out in
the stream.
M. D. Reu'oln and eight deputy United :
States Marshals were also down at the
: tailing of the China. They had with them
forty-one Chinese deported by the courts
of the Northern District of New York.
Deputy Marshal Reubin says there are
¦'over 309 more of the Mongolians who wlil
>e sent here for deportation. They cross
rhe border from Canada in parties of 100.
S. O. Jones, formerly freight clerk of
the China, went out as purser. H. A. Je
rome, the regular purser. Is going East
on a visit.
British General's Quick Run.
The British ship British General arrived
In port yesterday morning after a splen
did run of 132 days from Antwerp. The
John Cook sailed over a month and the
. .Allerton twenty-six days before her, but
¦¦the British General beat them both to
"port. The Allerton was last heard from
-con February 24. when she was in latitude
.,12 degrees north, longitude 27 degrees
.* west. This was shortly after she cleared
¦the British Channel and when she was a
month out.
The John Cook was last heard from on
March 28 in latitude 38 degrees south and
- longitude 42 degrees west. The chances
that both vessels ran Into heavy
weather off the Horn and were a long
.time getting from 50 degrees in the At
fclentic to 30 degrees in the Pacific.
\ The British General had a succession of
' rales in the British Channel which lasted
\ four days. On April 5 in latitude 35 de
grees south, longitude 49 degrees 43 min
;'utes west, a heavy northeast storm was
run into. The fore lower topsail yard
I carried away and fell on the deck with a
crash. Considerable damage was done,
i but lucklv no one was hurt. Rounding
the Horn the British General had to fight
a succession of southwest gales which
considerably delayed her. From 50 de
grees south in the Pacific to port the us
ual weather was encountered.
The barkentine James Tuft, from Se
attle, has arrived at Port Pirie. Australia.
She was spoken partially dismasted some
•weeks ag<v so her owners were clad to
hear she was safe yesterday.
John Mudhall was treated at- the Har
bor Hospital yesterday for a bite on the
lpft leg- Tom Burke, a Rallor, got crazy
drunk on the front and not only bit Mud
haJl but nearly* chewed up Officer Hc-
Grath before he was placed under arrest.
McGrath's trousers were torn in half a
dozen places. Burke is charged with
mavhem at the harbor police station.
People anxious to inspect the battleship
Oregon will have their last chance to-day.
The big fighting machine will go out of
commission to-morrow and it may be a
vear before j=he will be open to the public
again. Peterson's launches will run to
her every ten minutes to-day, commenc
ing at 12:45 n. m. _
Yerba. Buena' Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows ¦ celebrated the
forty-eighth anniversary of its institu
tion.by an elaborate banquet in the Mer
chants' Club last night. There were pres
ent about 140 members of the lodge, in
cluding . James Millington, the last living
of the charter members. -There were also
present as special guests 'Junior Past
Grand Master W. W. Watson, Grand
Treasurer J.'W. Harris, E. C. Stock and
Wells Drury. ' ¦•¦
A most elaborate, supper, was served on
tables profusely decorated with some of
the choicest flowers of the florist's collec
tion. After the black coffee 'had been
served Past Grand William D. Keystone,
acting as toastmaster, after a few'pleas
ant remarks on the occasion of the ban
quet, called upon". W. W. Watson, P. G.
M,, to respond .to "Our Order," after
which the Knickerbocker quartet ren
dered several, vocal selections. Past Grand
Master L. L. -Alexander responded to
"Our Home." His remarks were a beau
tiful tribute to the home and its influence.
William T. Young rendered a barytone
solo. Past Grand Master Davis Louder
back responded to .ViTerba Buena Lodge."
He stated tnat the lodge was instituted
by the late Samuel H. barker, the rtrst
grand master in California of the oraer;
that it became the foremost in member
ship and wealth, and that it numbered
about 400 members.. He said that since
tne institution of the lodge the names or
more than 1600 Odd .Fellows had been,
placed on its roll! In the existence of the
lodge it has paid out In benefaction more
than $280,000— to one brother more than
$10,000 to help him along. ... ,
M. ' H. de Young - responded to "Our
State." . He was ¦ followed by Frank D.
Worth, P. G;, who responded to "Our
Forty-eighth Anniversary." Herbert Wil
liams rendered vocal selections, William
Humphrey responded to. "Our New Mem
bers" and John P. Fraser- to "Any Old
Thing." Then the Knickerbocker quartet
gave vocal selections.
The delightful function was under the
direction of the committee of arrange
ments, composed of TJ. S. G. Clifford, Les
ter E. James, Thomas C. Martin, William
P. Humphreys and William R. Dorr.
Following are the names of those seated
at the festal board:
L. L.. Alexander, A. Anderson, A. S. Ander
son, O. H. Anderson. V. J. Anderson, J. Y.
Ayer, W. H. Ayres, G. N. Bazbuke, J. F. R.
Beal. H. Berglund, W. P. Bock, J. Boyes,' D.
Brooks, J. Brooks, F. W. Brown, W. C. Brown,
W. R. Buntinsr, A. L. Burroughs, Daniel
Burns, A. Cameron, A. D. Cheshire, U. S. G.
Clifford, J. F. Clough, Louis Coleman, G. B.
Conant, N. B. Cook, D. B. Crane, W.- I. Cro
sett. \V. W. Cross, Martin Dale, A. Davidson,
J. J. de Haven. L. de.Rome, II. H. de Young,
H. Dillinsr, Philip Doerr, Dr. L. L. Dorr. "VV.
R. Dorr, "W. Drury, B. B. Duncan, H. K. Eels,
F. W. Flitner, J. A. Foster, J. P. Fraser. A.
Frichette. L. d. Ftichette. J. P. Fuller. J. J.
Grady. David Qreigr, B. J.. Hamilton, E. G.
Harrison, Steven Heck, S. J. Heywood, John
Hill Jr.. C. J. Hird, Frank Holm, W. P.
Humphreys, John Hutton, H. Ingwersen, A.
Jacobs, F. C. Jakobs, L. E. James. W. R.
Jumison. Peter Jansen. L. W. Johnson. T. W.
Kennard, W. D. Keyston, J. D. Knibbs. R. J,
Lacey, H. B. Larsen. D. Levltsky, H. H. Lib
hing, J . F. Lindstrom, G. W. Longley, R. H.
Lloyd, 1 D. Louderback, L. C. Louderback,
Charles Lyman, T. C. Martin, W. A.' Mathe
son. M. L. McCord. J. D. McMurray. William
McPhun. G. F. Mefret. H. B, Melendy, J. W.
Meredith, W. H. Mlddlehoff. J. H. Miller. H.
Monrad. A. Ti. Moon, J. H. Moore, W. J.
Nash. S. P. Nelson, H. F. Neunaber, J. ¦ A.
Ohlson, A. F. Otto, G. L. Perham. J. C.
Pitcher, H. C. Porter, James Porteus, Jesse
Pratt, J. W. Quick. W. G. Quinlin, J. S.
Reed. E. Schwerin, H. F. Secor, E. Skerrett:
F. J. Sralthson. L. G. Sresovich, C. A. Stahle,
A. Spauldlng. Max Stein, H. G. Stilley. F. E.
Thomas, H. A. Thomsen. J. TonninRsen, T.
B. UDton, William Walcom, John Watklns.
C. W. Welch, B. F. Wellington. A. Wenzel
berger, JR. S. Williams. C. A. Wisewell, F. D.
Worth, R. L. Tanke, C. A. Wilson, E. C.
Mills, J. Schoenfeld, P. Schoenfeld, A. Strum
mel. G. I. Kinney, W. W. Watson, James W.
Harris, William A. Taylor,' E. M. Boysen,
William A. > Keller, Fred Higby. Allen D.
Crane, Samuel Dogley. H. Humcke, Emil Ros
enbaum. Reuben Tellam, G. Schoenfeld, L.
Schoenfeld. •
Many Prominent Members of
Order Gather at the
Festal Board.
William Wilde, Employed by In
dependent Company, Meets Ter- ; •¦
rible D?ath at Early Hour. •
William Wilde, a lineman employed by
the Independent Electric Light Company,
was almost instantly killed early this
morning by an electric shock. The acci
dent occurred near the corner of Taylor
and Ellis streets.
The unfortunate man, with several help
ers,was sent out to repair a break in the
lines operated by the company. A break
war, located on Taylor street, near Ellis.
Wilde directed his companions to re
main on " the ground while he climbed/
the pole and ascertained the extent of tlie
damage. -.-.'. , . .-•--. , • . ¦ ,
¦ Climbing to .the^top of the pole he pro
ceeded' to" examine the wires..' Suddenly
he uttered a shriek. His companions
looked upward and were horrified to see
Wilde hanging from a wire by his hands.
His body was jerking about convulsively,
and the uncanny blue flame generated
by v contact ; of flesh with a live electric
wire, was showing' against the darkness
of the niffht.
As quickly as possible a comrade of
Wilde climbed the pole, fastened a rope
about his body and severing the wire
lowered the. unfortunate man to the oth
ers below. • :
Life was extinct when the body reached
the pavement.. The little finger of his
right hand was badly burned show'ng
that one of his gloves must have been
faulty.
At the Morgue a small hole was found
in the little finger of the faulty glove.
Wilde, was 21 years of age, and resided
at 745 Folsom street.
Other Workmen Bring Body
- £¦-¦ _•¦- ... °
Down Frcm Position on
Grasps Live Wire While
Repairing a Braak
v :V in Line. ,
LINEMAN'S
AWFUL DEATH
IN MIDAIA
YERBA BUENA'S
ANNIVERSARY
Odd Fellows Celebrate
Occasion With a
Banquet.
Prostrations, Deaths and Even
Suicide Due to Old
Sol's Rays.
NEW YORK, June '29.— The people of]
this and near-by cities and villages are
anxiously awaiting the arrival of the re
lief from the present hot spell which is
promised by the weather bureau in the
shape of thunderstorms. To-day's heat,
added to that of the last few days, causeu
an immense amount of suffering to hu
manity, while there were numerous pros
trations and several deaths. Among the
list was one case of suicide and two at
tempts, whirh were at least indirectly
charged to the hot wave.
The record up to 9 o'clock to-r.lght shows
eleven deaths and twenty-eight prostra
tions. In addition 200 horses died and the
number prostrated were legion. Ninety
two degrees, the highest point the Gov
ernment mercury reached during the day,
came a.t 4 o'clock in the afternoon, after
which the fierce Iieat gave way before
the receding sun, and 87 was registered at
6 o'clock. At 9 o'clock to-night it went up
to 86, and the weather observer thought
it would continue to go higher.
In Brooklyn there were five deaths and
twelve prostrations.
P1TTSBURG, June 29.— This was the
hottest day of the year for Pittsburg, the
thermometer registering 94 at the Gov
ernment AVeather Bureau shortly after 3
p. m. Francis Mills and Mary Deermo
died from exhaustion, and many prostra
tions are reported. The mills and fac
tories lost many men during the day be
cause they could not continue work in
the intense heat. The Soho and Eliza fur
naces both had to suspend operations and
if the warm wave continues other plants
will be forced to close down.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. June 29.— The ex
cessive heat that has prevailed for the
past several days continues to-night,
causing prostrations and deaths in va
rious parts of town. The official weather
record on the top of a ten-story building
is 8S. On the ground the temperature
reached 100. Four deaths and four pros
trations are reported, two of the latter be
ing in a serious condition. The dead:
A. SIMONWICK.
LEWIS FISHER.
EDWARD JARDASSEKI.
JOSEPH MAHOVNIC
BOSTON, June 29.— There has been but
slight diminution in the intensity of the
heat throughout New England to-day and
in some localities temperatures have been
reported even higher than yesterday.
Temperatures ranging from 100 to 104 are
recorded in many places, while 116. the top
notch of the day, was reported from
Nashua. N. H. It became necessary to
suspend work in many mills all over New
England during the day on account of the
terrible heat. Many persons 'were pros
trated by the heat in various sections of
New England, although outside of Boston
but four fatal results have been reported.
Patrol wagons and ambulances were kept
busy in taking care of the heat victims,
nearly forty of whom were treated at
hospitals or police stations during the
i day. Two deaths due directly to the heat
! constitute to-day's record.
CINCINNATI, June 29.— Three deaths
land eights prostrations Is the heat" record
for to-day. The dead:
BERT BECK.
MRS. SPSAN BAKER.
H. P. POPLMEYER.
The maximum temperature for the day
was 97. This .makes eight deaths and
fifty-two prosfr? ti^ns for the week.
PEOPLE PRAY
FOR COLD WAVE
Hot Weather Causes
Suffering Among Men
and Animals.
WASHINGTON, June 29— Comptroller
of the Currency Dawes late to-night ap
pointed a temporary receiver for the City
National Bank or" Buffalo. The follow
ing statement was made by Dawes:
"A recent examination of the City Na
tional Bank of Buffalo made by a special
examiner showed a serious condition of
affairs existing in the bank. In order thai
this report.might.be thoroughly verified
the Comptroller on Friday sent A. D.
Lynch of his ottice, together with another
examiner, to Buffalo to make a careful
re-examination of the condition of the
bank. On Saturday Mr.-Lynch telegraphed
the Comptroller that the- former report
was sustained in all particulars, and
thereupon the Comptroller wired him as
follows:
" 'The condition of this bank is so seri
ous that I cannot consent to Its reopening
for business Monday morning unless suf
ficient assets to pay the depositors in full
are satisfactorily guaranteed. The bank
is certainly insolvent, and I have no right
under these circumstances to permit the
withdrawal of deposits by delaying action.
If the directors think that their efforts
from this time until banking hours Mon
day morning are insutiicient to provide
means to rehabilitate the bank, notify me
and I will appoint a receiver immediate
ly.'
"In accordance with the tenor of this
dispatch arid reports from. Buffalo, the
Comptroller has appointed E. J. Vaughn.
National Bank Examiner, as temporary
receiver of the bank. The failure of the
bank is due to injudicious loans. It is not
thought that the loss to depositors ¦will be
large."
Injudicious Loans the Cause
, Assigned for the
Failure.
Temporary Receiver Ap
pointed for the City
National.
BUFFALO BANK
CLOSES DOORS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. June 29.
Harry B. Hovghton. who died last night
in San Francisco, was for many years and
until his recent removal across the bay
one of Oakland's most popular social fa
vorites.
He was one of the founders of Oak
land's first cotillon in the days when the
more ambitious social functions were just
being ventured upon. He helped toilaunch
and was long an influential member of
the Athenian Club. His reputation aa a
genial host ¦was sustained in the open-
Handed hospitalities of the home of hi3
father, General J. F. Houghton, on Har
rison street, where he mingled with the
city's best society.
He was .a member of the Bohemian Club
and one of the most enthusiastic sports
men in the Miramonte Gun Club.
Mr. HoughtoVs sudden death from heart
trouble is a sad reminder of the untimely
end of two others of the little circle with,
whom he was most intimate, Phil Remil
lard and A. P. Brayton. The three friends
followed each other at intervals of only a
few weeks.
Mr. Hougrhton was a successful business
man, having been at the time of his death
superintendent of the agencies of- the Pa
cific division of the Aetna Life Insurance
Company, of which his brother-in-law,
ex-Governor BulKeley of Connecticut, is
president. The young man's parents have
been visiting his sister, Mrs. Bulkeley,
and were summoned thence by telegraph
when the end came. No arrangements
for the funeral will be made until their
arrival.
Deceased Was Prominent in
Oakland's Best Social
Circles.
Untimely End of Harry
.Houghton Widely
Lamented.
DEATH REMOVES
A POPULAR MAN
PANIC REINGS
ON SINKING SHIP
SOUTH XORTVALK. Conn.. June 29.—
Seven hundred employes of the John W.
Green hat factors' left Danbury this
morning; for an excursion to Glen Island.
the steamer Mohawk having been char
tered for the trip. After spending the
'•day on the island the party boarded the
steamer for the return trip about 5
o'clock.
Th© steamer had' been under way a,bout
tea minutes when the excursionists were
startled by a tremendous crash, the ship
having: struck a rock. A panic then fol
. Jewed, during which every one of the 700
passengers on board scrambled for the
me preservers. In the crush which foi
flawed women and children were knocked
.¦dema and trampled upon. One child hail
,aa arm broken and another was picked
\*ij? seriously injured about the body.
Dozing the excitement the steamer had
oeen steadily sinking, and ten minutes
after the crash the first deck was sub
/laergwd. Three launches which were near
•J>y -when the accident occurred had by tnis
;time nearly reached the disabled steamer.
-They immediately went to the rescue of
-the passengers who had jumped overboard.
JTlie passengers on the second deck were
'try this time in nearly as bad a predioa
'ment as their fellow excursionists on the
'first deck had been a short time befoie.
"The water was just beginning to wash
¦over the deck when an excursion steamer
from Glen Island and took on
ioErd the remaining passengers. ¦
Howard ' W. Kernaghan and
Miss Edith Morse Are
Missing.
•Special Dispatch to The Call. *
SEATTLE. June 29.— An elopement, a
probable, marriage, and no knowledge of
whither the young couple has gone, is
causing grief to the parents of Edith
Morse of Everett and .genuine surp*rlse to
the friends and acquaintances of Howard
Vv\ Kernaghan, erstwhile cashier of the
Sunset Telephone Company of this city.
Miss Morse, scarcely. 20, and pretty, was
until Wednesday afternoon long-distance
telephone operator • at- Everett.-" She had
answered the "hellos" at that place for
many months and not infrequent were the
call-ups from young • Kernaghan when
things were dull of an evening at the local
exchange. Besides the dally talks over the
wire Mr. Kemaerhan made it a Sunday
habit to visit Edith at her home in Ev
erett.. Friendship soon ripened into love,
with the result that Edith left home on
Wednesday afternoon, ostensibly to visty
Snohomish. She has not been seen by her
parents since, neither do they know' where
she .is. iKernaghan was absent from his
desk at the Sunset yesterday ' morning
and no one knows whither he has gone.
At his boarding place on Fourth avenue
it was learned that lie had not occupied
his room last night. Evidently he had.
taken all of his best clothing with him.
as his apartments were in a state of con
fusion and all effects of value had been
removed.
Kernaghan was seen hastening with a
huge grip toward the depot at the foot
of Columbia street yesterday afternoon.
An hour afterward he was seen in com
pany with Miss Morse on the water front.
. Howard W. Kernaghan is the son of
George F. Kernaghan, a banker of Pasa
dena, Cal. He is widely acquainted In
Seattle. Miss Morse is well known in
Everett.
A marriage license was procured of the
Auditor on Thursday. The names given
were Warren H. Kernaghan and D.
Morse, the ages 23 and 20 respectively.'
The young man transposed his first and
second given names, for what purpose is
not known, unless to keep the fact of his
marriage secret.
Pasadena Youth Elopes
'With "Central" at
Everett.
WINS A BRIDE
BY TELEPHONE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA?LL;v SUNDAY, JTOE 30,. 1901;
25
Seven Hundred Excur
sionists in Peril in
the East.
Passengers Leap Into Water,
but Are Saved From
Drowning.
COMPETITORS. : ; : 7; :
'¦:'¦£'¦
: : ;_ r 1__:
Mrs. P. E. Bowles 1 08 | 61 119~37~) sf
T. R. Hutchlnson 45 59 104 20 | 84
R. M. Fitzgerald 48 48 86 11 85
F. Kales 48 5! 102 15 87
A HlgKins 49 65 104 16 88
E. R. Folder .• 1. 44 52 96 7 89
P. E. Bowles 45 64 99 10 S9
C. P. Hubbard 51 54 105 9 96
On Independence day there will be
mixed foursomes, over eighteen holes,
match play, for prizes, on the Oakland
and Sausallto links. There will also be
competitions on the course of the San
Rafael Golf Club.
COMPETITORS. : ; : 7; :
'¦:'¦£'¦
: : ;_ r 1__:
Mrs. P. E. Bowles 1 08 | 61 119~37~) sf
T. R. Hutchlnson 45 59 104 20 | 84
R. M. Fitzgerald 48 48 86 11 85
F. Kales 48 5! 102 15 87
A HlgKins 49 65 104 16 88
E. R. Folder .• 1. 44 52 96 7 89
P. E. Bowles 45 64 99 10 S9
C. P. Hubbard 51 54 105 9 96
On Independence day there will be
mixed foursomes, over eighteen holes,
match play, for prizes, on the Oakland
and Sausallto links. There will also be
competitions on the course of the San
Rafael Golf Club.
I With the Vigor of Youth, the Dr. McLaugHlin
g Electric Belt Is a Vyarranted Cure for Atl
I Personal Weakness of Men.
§ Nothing can bring so much happiness to a man as to find
8 ¦¦••'¦' JjjjJT* .*}.'¦ - hls youtn restored— youth which he had considerecl gon© for-
% \, j \^~^^& I But my Electric Belt— which is made especially for th©
g. "¦;¦; V s^\\w/5'/'' restoration of vigor— has made thousands of men forget their
8 •••• llilfi^V%^IC 1 / / a?e> II revivea the waning spirit, puts springs in the- legs and
8 M 1 y%tM?fi^tjg •'^iloM^P^^^J// renews the youthful vigor and ambition.
I '" il^^^^^^^^fflli - Electric Belt
8 Ia . made to etire. It Is full of happiness for any weak man or
« 1^^' 1 woman. It brings joy and gladness, spirit and ambition, to
££ ' f\ ' /lJ.}]jS§S\^F- ' \ V ~ the heart burdened with th© weight of lost vigor. It vitalizes
8 ", "... "J^''fi\ t * le blood and puts new life into every organ of the body. No
8 * V • • man can' be weak who wears It. . '
ft " Are you weak/depressed and gloomy, stupid, sluggish and
« ¦ READ THIS OLD MAN»S; LETTER. tired all the time? Are your Ideas confused, your memory poor,
g . Pekegama, Ore., June 18, 1901. sleep bad? Have you varicocele, pains in your back and chest,
« , DR. - MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: . Tours duly received, and in ; a tired, [. dragging pain between the shoulders? ' Is your diges-
« reply will say ..that, your belt has made a new man out of me. tlon poor? All these symptoms Indicate a loss of the vigor
6 I.was an old man of seventy years before I got your <¦ belt, and -y., t .y l ,- nv - T ,., t m ,,i rJL*rX tt « >? s
O now after nearly three months I feel Just as I . did ; when I was WHICH my Belt will restore. Use it.
O- 35 or 40 years old. • Stlir the age is. there, but the firm step of 35 .. •¦
g Is here again. : I am able to do as good a day's work to-day as • /"> t 1 A ; n a 1kT^'nr« a ** w t»^». w^«
X I. did when; 40. years old. such as shoeing, horses, and doing heavy I III IAl/A|\| l J HH A" 1^1 (DC
i& -blacksmith' s.workr but I do it every day and feel as strong and 1 VJ \-/ F\. IV^** 1 ' 1 'L4 JLw t\. \m* KJ i\JUt
8 : active as when I was 35 years old. \ I thank you with all my heart. " - . • -j. .
S and if I come. to your city. I will call upon you to let you see the "
« old man made over new again. I would rather live on two meals ' Every case I take I guarantee to cure, and ask nobody to
Q a day than do : without your belt. , No more sore kidneys,' no lame i-v-.' '«v,n^'««» .. ¦—.— * -\ *<-•»* t. , — -. , ,
§ backf no headache.". I think ' I • am i a perfect man again. I : will take chances on my treatment. So if you have tried medicine
*•* 'always speak a good, word for Dr. : McLaughlln and his belt and which * failed, or a cheap, burning belt, or one that fell to
« '- will use my best efforts to get other men to try your belt. .It Vit«»o M don't- ; rli>«n9ir ' na T will <.nm -imr, «, ».v _^ ~« w t ™i«
* has been a source of great pleasure to me. Wishing you success, Pieces,, aon t despair, as I will cure you or ask no pay. I will
»'-I remain yours truly, . . . A. CRAWFORD. take other belts in trade.
j* ..CALL; TO-DAT and see me. My consultation, . thorough examination Into your condition and advice are free. If you
§: .can't call, send- for" my, book," which Is full ofthe things you -want- to read. It is sealed, free, ifyou send this ad.
I DR. M. C. McLAUQH LIN, 702 Market Street, Corner Geary, San Francisco.
y% . Office Hoars: 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to I. £S£l
On ; the ' 1st : of . July, 1 1900,"; the price of
salt in Germany .- was advanced from 8
marks . to" 8.70 marks ($1 90 to : 52.07) < per 120
pounds." " The ' salt . mines of . the country
are owned and operated by the . Govern-
ment,' The increase- 1st attributed: to the
raise in the price of labor.
Minnesota has, 200 less Inmates in ; pris-
ons and reformatories. than It had in 1897.
In twenty years the consumption of
tf<r has doubled In Germany. .
. In noting a great demand this spring
for suburban and farm property, the
Boston' Globe says: "The electric car
has done it with its little trolley."y^— — -jfHE brilliant nuptials of Miss
/^>-r- >^ Mary Scott and Walter Mar
/l 1 tin at Burlingame on Wednes
\K I day lapt was the only event of
\\—l^f social interest during the past
' week. The outlook for the
next few weeks Is decidedly
tij.cver.tful. On the Fourth there will
he many house parties in the country
homes and at all the resorts arrange
ments have been made to fittingly cele
i«rait- the nation's birthday.
There was a pretty wedding celebrated
at the Central Methodist Church
on Misrion street during the past
week. when Miss Sadie M. Riley,
the daughter of James H. Riley.
a veteran of the G. A. R. and employed
in the United States quartermaster's de
psrtment in this city, and George H. Wil
liams of Stockton were married. Rev. Dr.
Hutsinpiller performed the ceremony.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Livingston j Dunn and
farrily have taken a Japanese cottage in
Mill Valley. Miss Greenham is their
gxiest.
Mr. and Mrs. William Gershel of New
York are visiting Mrs. Gershel's parents,,
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Eppinger of this city,
and are at the Palace Hotel, where they
will receive their friends.
Mrs. H. Cohn and family have gone to
Skaggs Springs for the summer.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS-The weather
at Paraiso is very pleasant and the place
is filling up rapidly. The Second Regi
ment Band of San Francisco is entertain
ing the guests with sweet music.
Following is the list of guests: Mrs. Love,
J. Farrenkopp. T. Shat/ord. M. Samuel
and wife, Leila J. Samuel. Sadie Herin
ghi, Paul Samuel. L. Samuel, S. C. Sam
uel, C. S. Samuel. Mrs. J. George Lei
liold. Mrs. L. Rothenberg. S. C. Rothen
berg, Ed J. Wolff, wife and child: Miss
Madeline Rothenberg. Miss Edna. Lipp
inann. A. EUinghouse. P. Claudius, Sep
pel Franzel. Kneff A. Kraus, J. L. Riley,
O. H. Johnson, J. R. Grayson, T. F. Bliss,
B. J. Sears, W. Van Pelt. W. W. Durant.
L. Emm-, E. A. Kober, wife and chil
dren; Mrs. J. W. Raphael, C. M. Frlsh
and wife, San Francisco; Miss M. Doud,
T. J. Field, Monterey; P. Neilson, Chua
lar; S. E. Ledman, Louisville, Ky.; Miss
Wallace, Watsonville: Mrs. W. J. Hill,
Mrs. D. G. McLean, F. H. Lang, S. Haus
tr. P. Garrisiere, Salinas; W. J. Rogers,
San Jcse; Dr. William Page and wife,
Miss D. Larios, Carl Stecker, Anita Steck
er. P. Rogers, Soledad.
CAMP CURRY— Arrivals at Camp Cur
ry, Yosemite, during the past week in
clude: Rev. J. R. Knodell, Santa Cruz;
Dr. Ladd, wife and son. Stockton; Ed H.
Cobbs, Covington, Tenn.; Mrs. A. G. Dex
ter. Alameda; Dr. Conrad Weil and wife,
San Francisco; Miss Lena Kamerer, Su
perior. Nebr.; L. J. Stabler. Los Angeles;
Ralph E. Prouty, Mexico; J. W. Sward
and wife, Quincy, 111.; J. D. Carmelli and
wife, J. C. Doherty and wife, Hugh H.
Brown, San Francisco; D. W. Park, Coul
terville; Miss Mabel Holland, Alameda:
Dr. George W. Rodolph, wife and chil
dren, Alameda; Edward Bellls. Stockton;
Mrs. Amy D. Hawks. Thomas W. Butcher
and wife. A. B. Blanchfellow. San Fran
cisco: Miss M. Louise Toll. Stanford Uni
versity; Isabel C. Toll, Palo Alto; Rev.
John Meiler, Dr. C. W. Weaver, Miss
O'Connor. Miss Amesbury. Miss Redding,
Miss Menihan, Healdsburg; B. F. Kibler,
Visalia; A. J. Wisdom and wife. Plains
bury; R. H. Morgan and wife, Columbia;
Miss Amanda Stevens, Miss Eugenia
Schopps. Milwaukee, Wis.; C. L. Tilden
and wife. Miss Alexine Mitchell, Miss
Marion Mitchell* Miss Rose Schmidt, Ala
meda ; C. C. Hennion, San Jose.
CAMP YOSEMITE— Late arrivals at
Camp Yosemite include: Mr. and Mrs.
Eherman Pease, Mr. and Mrs. Crookshank,
Charles Hubbaid Jr. and wife, ¦ Los An
geles; Laurence Munson, Des Moines; C.
M. Welch, John Favin, R. Meyerstein, San
Francisco; A. F. Woodside. Massachu
setts; Mr. and Mrs. John H. Bird, New
York; Edward Colter, San Leandro; Mr.
and Mrs. John Rapp, Mr. and Mrs. George
W. Brooks, Mr. Schulz, Miss Belrap, Miss
Hattie Fancher, Mrs. L. S. Schulz, San
Francisco; George Milton Harmes, Sugar
Pine; Dr. Louise B. Deal, Miss R. Hj
Crowley, San Francisco;- Mrs. s George
Palmer, Miss May Palmer, Miss Florence
Palmer, Alameda; Jessica Davis, Russell
B. Field, Mrs. A. Christenson, Miss Chris
tenson. Miss Kllburn, Miss Blanchard,
Miss Carmen. Mr. Todd. Mr. Burette, Mr.
Boyce, Miss Le\rlngstone, Miss E. Leving
stone. Miss Messer, Miss Lesser, Miss Ol
covilch. Miss Levlson. Miss Cohen, Miss
Meyerstein, Mies Kohlberg, G. E. Geary,
Miss L. Geary, Miss M. Geary. J. P- Don
ovan, Miss McBremer, Miss Frances
Greenhood, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
Webb. New York; W. J. Finger. Miss
Stone, Santa Barbara; Clarence Baruch,
Edgar Baruch, Los Angeles; Charles Beh
low and wife. Mrs. A. Cohen, Miss Edna
Cohen. San Francisco; Mrs. H. G. Ayre,
Oakland; Mrs. 'William Waters Jr., New
York; Helen Phillips Warren, Athens,
Ohio; Mrs. W. a. Hammond and daughter,
Bt. Louis; Miss Mary Barber, Ross Val
ley; Fred Raisch. W. Clark, San Francis
co; Bertha Martindale. Belle Martindale,
New Bedford, Mass.;' Nicholas Bawden
and wife. San Jose; Albert W. Bee Jr.,
Boston. Mass.; Mrs. S. L. Bee. Miss Irwin,
San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. W. Rodman,
Los Angeles; Miss Lewis, Miss L. Lewis,
Florida; Miss Everett, Miss M. D. Lewis,
Miss Stone, Miss Powell, Oakland; Miss
Janet Bruce, Miss Bertie Bruce, San
Krancisco; Fred Deidel. Sacramento;
Flora A. Forrest, Bera S. Forrest, Newell
S. Forrest, George P. James. Oakland;
Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Campbell. Lick Ob
servatory: Mrs. Nathan Stein, Miss Imo
gene Stein, Alameda; W. T. Street. A.
Newman, Phil Hastings and wife, M. . S.
Nickelsburg, Jeffrey Switzer, Ethel
Hawkes, James Curragh, Laura E. Fos
ter, George W. Hinkel and wife, M. W.
Plummer, Miss Hitchcock, Miss Katherine
G. Lyons, California Camera Club, San
Francisco; Miss E. McMeekan. Alameda;
F. von der Mehden, Susan E. von der
Mehden. Myra Freudenrich, Lester S.
Roth, San Francisco; Miss Cordelia E.
Bates, Palo Alto; Mr. Bierpont, Los An
geles; C. L. Perrin and wife, Charles H.
Van Orden and wife. Miss Emily Van Or
den. Miss Viola Van Orden, Miss Grace
Davis. Arthur Coleman, San Francisco;
Hiss S. A. Palmer, Miss Case, Miss Pioda,
Santa Cruz; Miss G. B. Taylor, Miss Cyra
Case. Miss Merrill, Oakland; John B. Mc-
Ewen. Eleanor G. McEwen. San Francis
co; Elizabeth P. Hughes, Wales, England;
Margaret Mather. Sacramento; P. T.
Parker. Miss McEwen, San Francisco;
Ada Burroughs. New York; Mary Boyd
McEwen, Mr. and" Mrs. Edward Bidwell,
San Francisco; S. C. Hawthorne, Arcadia,
Neb.; J. H. Courtney. Elk Creek, Neb.; F.
S. Roberts. Mrs. Charles H. Goodall, H,
B. Roberts, San Francisco.
SENTINEL HOTEL— Registered at the
Sentinel Hotel, Yosemlte, are: Mr. and
Mrs. Hancock Banning, Mr. and Mrs. W.
M. Garland. Los Angeles; Edgar Baruch,
Clarence Baruch, Berkeley: Mrs. J.
Baruch, Mrs. H. Baruch, Los Angeles;
George M. Scott, Miss Scott. Bert Scott.
Miss Homas. AJameda:R. H. Pratt and
wife. San Francisco: Miss W. H. Perry,
C. M. Wood. Los Angeles; G. A. Moore
and wife, Alameda; Jackie lluir Jr., Wal
ter Clark. Miss Lucy Clark, Miss Mary
Clark, Miss Katherine Clark, M. H. Sher
man and wife, Hazeltine Sherman, Lucy
Sherman. Robert Sherman, Los Angeles;
G. S. Brownell. Mrs. G. S. Brownell,
Susan E. Brownell, Cincinnati, Ohio; Mrs.
D. D. McBean. New York: Mrs. C.E.
Detrick. C E. Detrick, Carters; G. F.
Quigley. -B. 1C Ralph, Ban Francisco; E.
Lolmhaxdt and wile. Miss Edna -'Lehn
hardt. -Oakland: Miss M. Lovey, San
i'Tancisco; Dr. J. \V; Hudson. Cnicago;-
I Arthur" T. Street, San Francisco; C. S. i
i Nash. Paul G. Oldsmith, Oakland: Earl
p. ilel, Fred Harding. Philadelphia;
Koger T. Breiton, Pougnkeepsie, N.^Y.;
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. \V T orkers; London,
England; S. W. Mountz, Fresno; Wiiliam
A. . Demmler, Pittsburg, Pa.; John G.
Cound. Ashley R. Faull, S. B. Berry, W.
K. Berry, Mrs.Grenne Smith, Mrs. t^anls
Kennedy. San Francisco'; L. O. Miller,
Rangoon; G. Ritter, China; Miss Gilvoy,
Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Ogilvine, Scotland;
Paul Morris, Chinese Camp; Sir Bording
S. Leed, Manchester, England; Arthur J.
Leed, Madras, India; Lady Leed, Miss
Leed, Manchester, England; L. F. Green
lee, A. Rosenberg, Mrs. J. P. Mar-
tin, Mrs. W. R. Cluness Jr.. John
Ed, Fitzpatrick, T. F. Fitzpatrick. San
Francisco; Mrs. Besky, G. Besky,
H. Besky, London, England; F. ! F.
Sullivan, San Francisco; S. Ehren
berg, Alameda; Wade H. Etten, Stockton;
Paul Morris, Chinese Camp, Cal. ; Mr. and
Mrs. John G. Conrad, Mrs. L. E. Conrad,
Ashley R. Faull, James M. Meeghah,
Groveland; Joseph J. Taylor, Rossland,
B. C; Mr. and Mrs. T. Brilllman, Al
bany, N. Y. ; Mrs. Louisa Lines, Mary M.
Lines, L. Louise Lines, Jean C. Lines,
Wilkesbarre. Pa.; John H. Hendy and
wife, Mrs. S. J. Hendy, San Francisco;
Miss Tucker, Manchester, Iowa; C. II.
Sembower, Guy K. Sembower, Miss Cora
Sembower, Mrs. L. H. Focht, Reading,
Pa.; Louise Butler, C. H. Jordan, C. H.
Hjul, Charles J. Behlow and wife, Mrs.
A. Conn, Miss Edna Cohn, San Fran
cisco; H. ' J. Lujer, John P. Stone, Los
Angeles; D. Gustave S. Coze, Vienna;
Miss M. Maybury, Miss Neva Cahill, San
Jose; Miss M. E. Tyler, San Diego; Miss
A. A. Cook, New York; F. D. Nick, Mrs.
E. L. Dodge, Miss Susan Nicol, Stockton;
Mrs. Zashishie, Miss Zashlshle, Brooklyn,
N. Y.; Mrs. H. G. Ayer, Oakland; Mrs.
William Water Jr., New York; J. Holmes
Converse, Miss E. Converse, Baltimore;
Josephine Fleming, Miss M. Livingstone,
Joseph Gottlob, Melville Marx, San Fran
cisco; R. M. Kleinschmidt and wife,
Helena, Mont.; Julia Mann, San Fran
cisco; H. F. Donaldson, New York; G.
Hillegard, .Miss Hillegass, San Fran
ciso: Mrs. G. F. Washburn, Abbev C.
Washburn, Putney, Vt.; E. H. Child, H.
E. Child, England; H. Gray, Mrs. T. Gar
wood, Stockton; Herman Harcourt, Ger
many: D. A- Mendenhall. Josephine Lind
ley. Josh O. Diamond, Matt Sullivan, San
Francisco; L. Stowell, England; G. Loeb,
San Jose; Mrs. Charles Weinschenk, San
Francisco; Fred Kahn, Oakland; Mrs. Al
bert Elkus, Sacramento; Miss Lewis,
Miss L. Lewis, Miss M. D. Lewis,
Florida; Miss M. Everett, Oakland;
Arthur Deseissler, San Francisco; Mr.
and Mrs. Richard H. Allen, Chatham, N.
Y.; R. A. Crothers. Mr. and Mrs. A. W.
Williamson, L. Pickering, San Francisco;
W. Bedesen, Merced, Cal.; Prince Jacques
de Broglie, Prince Albert de Broglie, Marc
Fassy, Leopold Robert, Paris, France; J.
Arthur Connell. Colorado Springs; George
W. Ferguson, Oakland; Eli McClish, San
Jose; Mrs. Nathan Stein, Miss Emmegene
Stein, Alameda; Matt Derham, Monte
Derham, San Francisco;. Mrs. Louis
Schwartz, Mrs. John Chanslor, Mrs. W.
Cosby, Miss Birdie Chanslor, Miss Maude
Reade Davies, Miss Lucy Schwarz, Miss
LUcy Winder, W. G. Chanslor. John
Llewelyn, H. D. McCoy, Los- Angeles; J.
A. Helbine, Miss Helbine, San Francisco;
C. W. Barger, Idaho; Charles H. Krause,
William Kreling, Joseph Kreling, San
Francisco; J. A. Chanslor,. Los' Angeles;
T. G. Hart and wife. Fresno; Mr. and
Mrs. B. SInsheimer. Miss Sinsheimer, Miss
N. Salberg, Miss Blum, Matt Thislaw, San
Francisco; Fray Proff, Fresno; Mr. and
Mrs. W. Whitehouse, Brownsgrove, Eng
land: W. S. Hill. Wawona; Miss W. Hon
eyman. Miss Honeyman, Miss Rutherford,
F..D. Honeyman, Portland, Or.; Margaret
Hurley, Gertrude Hurley, Thomas F.
Hurley, Lynn, Mass.; John W. Earle. Liv
erpool, England; William Carson and
wife. Eureka; Miss Chase, Holyoke,
Mass.; C. Lonson and wife, San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Dorn, San Luis
Obispo, Cal.; Miss J. E. Dower. Miss C.
B; Dower, J. J. White, Fresno; S. M.
Marks, Mrs. S. M. Marks, J. H. Raymond
and wife, .W. J. Martin and wife, Susan
von der Mehderi, Mrs. G. Schick. D. R.
Davies, San Francisco; F. W. Street, So
nora; Horace Street, Sonora; R. H. Mor
gan, Columbia, Cal.
GLENBROOK— Recent arrivals at Glen
brook include: San Francisco^ — K. M.
Ham, K. M. Ham Jr., F. L. Green and
wife. Miss Alma Green, Miss Helena L.
Vera Green, Miss Theresa Doody, Mrs.
A. W. Kauffman, Mrs. D. Doody, Daniel
D. Doody, Orman J. Doody, Miss Mar
guerite Doody, Miss Geneva Phillips,
Charles G. Lea, Preston Morris, V. G.
Schuchard, Miss Jennie Kruge, H. Peaters
and family. Dr. W. E. Davis, Mrs. J. H.
Davis, Walton Davis, Victor Levy, Wil
liam Carter, Miss Judith Hogan, Mrs. H.
H. Hogan, S. Clinton, James C. Boice, M.
Butler, Mrs. Charles A. Adams, Charles
E. Skinner, S. Witkowski. Middletown—
B. E. Young and wife, Miss Lois Young,
J. J. Hughes. Vallejo— George E. Hans
com and wife, Elmer Hanscom, James
Powers Sr., James Powers Jr., H. A. Wel
ler and wife, Charles Pope, Charles B.
Cunningham, Burt Cunningham. R. G.
Peoples, Jay J. Smith Jr., Thomas J. Ca
hill. Alameda— Will M. Shear and wife.
Miss Margaret Shear. Colma— Miss Sue.
R. Adams, Miss Clarice Adams. Oakland
—William King, John Hall. Menlo Park-
Joseph Doody. 'Boulder Creek — W. ¦ F.
Gray and wife. Pope Valley— Mrs. Lorenia
Barnett. Benicia — F. Gehrman. Geyser
ville — C. E. Dittemore and wife. New
York— Miss Etta Buttler, Rear Admiral
J. Tilley and wife. .,
HOTEL VENDOME— Registered at the
Hotel Vendome are: From San Francisco,
John C. Speight, W. H. King and wife, R.
H. Bennett Jr., 'William A. Sexton, Wal
ter P. Parep, J. M. Webster, H. S. Robin
son, J. H. Brill, Mr. and Mrs. F. G. An
drews. Rudolph Herold Jr., Fred J. Mc-
Williams, Edgar Peixotto, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Hartley Harrison, Dr. and Mrs. F.' W.
Slcaife, Lee Escher and wife, Miss Anna
Ebbets, Dan Stewart, C. G. Hooker, Mrs.
C. G. Hooker, A. W. Baldwin, Mrs. A. W.
Baldwin. M. J. Fontana, Mr. and Mrs.
B. Bendix, Miss Lily Hansen, . Mr. and
Mrs. Jospeh B. Coryell, Hon. James D.
Phelan, W. J. Mooser, Ogden Hoffman,
F. Chapellet Jr., C. McMahon and wife,
F. A. Houseworth, H. C. Sagehorn,- Mr.
and Mrs. W. C. Anderson, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert C. Lennie, John McNaught, C. F.
Brauer, Mr. and Mrs. John M. Curtis, Mrs.
E. A. Hawkhurst, J. F. - McCarthy.
George A. Rigg, Mrs. Florence L. "Walker,
E. L. Barrett. George W. Forsyth, Judge
J. M. Seawell, F. J. Mayhew, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter Magee, Dr. and Mrs. L. L.
Dunbar, Stewart B. Dunbar, Miss Selma
A. Lux, Mr. and Mrs. V. J. Anderson, A.
G. Moran, Mrs. Sydney Worth, Miss Hilda
Green, J. Green. From Oakland— Colonel
W. J. Cotton, Mrs. Margaret J. Cook, Miss
Nelly Cook, Mr. and Mrs. J. , W. Nelson,
Mis3 Nelson, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Pierce,
Raymond T. Baker, George W. Baker,
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Wiggins. From Ala
meda—B. P. Searight. Miss Caroline C.
Hall. Mrs. Sydney Worth. Mrs. J. C.
Hall, Jennison C. Hall. From New York —
J. S. Hutchings, Mr. and Mrs. T. Brtlll
man, James Blascheck. • From Chicago—
A. Andrews and wife, Hugh Gallagher, E.
M. I.und, Mr. , and Mrs. A. B. Luther, Mrs.
Grace M. Wilson, Miss Margaret Parsons,
William G. Blatt, Professor John Dewey
and son, E. J. Day. J. F. Rhoto, L. D.
Adamson,' James J. Whelan and wife.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The following is
a list of arrivals during the past week at
Saratoga Springs: P. Carson, Oakland;
J. H.- Medau, Peidmont Heights; Henrich
Hercks, A. G. Maass and wife, Mrs. C.
Newman, son and nurpe, John Madder,
H. F. Michaelis, Mrs. F. Martens, H. S.
Moore. .Pan Francisco; W. English and
wife. Miss D. English. Caipella; Miss An
nie Hanify/ Mies Sweeny, Miss Emily
Lally, Mrs. L. Concanon. Miss Theresa
Connel.- Miss Kate Quinn. George Ger
main, Mrs. Kate Nlcolae. Miss E. Nicolae
Mrs. A. Lindsay. Mrs.: Wulff. Mrs." J.-T.
Bill, Miss Annie Duvenick. San Francisco;
D. Howell and family. Modesto; Charles
Rosenberg,' Oakland: Milton L. V/aster
•.n.i.n, -Miss E. ¦ R. -Leone, Julius Emile,
Mrs. Nor and family, L. M. Thlerbach.
wife and two sons, D.' K. Permier,
Charles Hoenrlch. C. J. Wright and wife,
Mrs. L. Marchiind, Miss A.- McLaughlln.
Adel Stephens. Joseph Stephens, A. S. Eb
bits. H. Mehrtens, James Cronin, San
Francisco; W. Decamp. Bakersfield; Mar
cus Lemon. -Wott Virginia; :
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS— The fol
lowinpr guests are registered' at the Val
lejo White Sulphur Springs: Colonel A.
M. Belt, Vallejo; Captain L. R. Var.ce, Os
car Hault. James O'Leary. John/Ander
son, Paul Nor ben. ' W. F. ' Watson ' W. J
Cuthbertson .- and., son. :, Herb . Eteuart,
James Gillis. Mr. and Mrs. Paul Siobrant,
F. Pl5rcy,.J..T..Connaugh, Benicia;-Pat
rick. Lynn, Sacramento; Mr.: and Mrs.
Charles ATchcr,' Stockton' Mr.: and Mrs.
Halfey, Oaklai'd; Mr. ; and < Mr b. Farmer."
William Bfltt. Gws^Zae.JohnRyan,' Cap
tan Patton; John Dillon,. Fred Klopstock, i
Miss " Tessie : Klcpstock. Mrs. 1 - Klonstock,
Misses H. and J. Andres; Mrs. J. H. dej
SOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING
ffty.M.'W. Godfrey. J. Peoprle; Kathe
rine, E.^ Hahn ; I from Elmhurst— Miss Delle
Hobart; from San Rafael— Margaret An
derson, Maurice Doody; from San Ansel
mo—Mrs. G. D. Davis; from Sacramento —
Edith L. McMullen; from London— W. E.
Baker; . from Oakland— George -T. Adams
Jr., Leigh Free. Jacob Baumgartln, Miss
M. Ethlyn White, . W. S. Hall and family,
Ed Norman, C.-F. Own and wife, L.. Rob
inson, Mr. and Mrs. F. -Champion, C. E.
Merwin and wife, Miss C. S. Merwin, Miss
C. B. Griffin; Miss L. E. Nelle, Miss Ethel
Bunn. Miss, Lillian Qumn, "Miss Elsie
Christoffersen. Miss Jennie Christoffer
sen, Mrs. Adrianne Black, 1 H. C. Black,
Earl Black, Oscar Whitney and wife. ...
THE GEYSERS— Among: those who reg
istered at the Geysers during ' the past
week are: Clarence de Veuve, Gardner de
Veuve, Mamie Fanconipi; Rene Fanco
nipi, Mixle do Veuve. Miss May Mower,
Miss Lucle King, James Gray, C. Ellis; ;H.
F. Woncross and wife, Abe Spie, Edward
Lachman, ¦ Frank Green,' Alice ; Green,
Helen D. Gr^een, Miss Boril, J. D. Jessup,
Anna Jessup, Gertrude Jessup, Miss Kitty
Vann, George A. Coleman, Mrs. Coleman,
Alice Coleman, Howard Turner, Raymond
Ott, Gerson Price. Jack Robertson, Albert
Butler, Gale Perkins. W. H. Milroy,
Charles .A. Hulme, Miss Rosa Franken
berg, J. W. Griffith, Mrs. E. C. Docke,'
Mrs. -W. B. Cook, A. M. Cook, E. I. Cook,
Ethel Cook, W. B. Cook, Iter A. Board,
Walter G. Haxe. all. of San Francisco.
.". HOTEL METROPOLE— Late arrivals
at the Hotel, Metropole from San Fran
cisco include: Louis Herig, Miss Dinah
Herig, Lyman Trumbull, H. E. Clay
burgh, Leo Clayburgh, H. Clay Miller,
Malone Joyce, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stern,
Miss Flora Stern, Mrs. J. Harry Scott.
Mrs. J. H. Brown, Miss E. Wilson, Miss
A. Hink, Miss E.. Hink, William J. Lan
ders, Charles L. Patton, William Leviston,
Mrs. S. W. Ehrman and family, Mr.' and
Mrs. E. B.Holladay, Miss Alice Sheridan.
Miss F. Jewett, W. G. Doane, Mr. and
Mrs. F. W. Hersey, Mrs. C. Dunne. San
Jose— Mr. and Mrs. R. Sampson, Miss
Hilda Sampson. Master W. Sampson, F.
F. Runyon, wife and son,. F. N. Delaney
and wife. . Alameda — Mrs. J. B. Powell.
Oakland— Mrs. W. H. Quinn.
HOTEL BENVENUE.— Registered at
Hotel Ben venue are Mrs. M. Gale, A.
Schwartz, San Francisco; M. r . Levin,
Santa" Rosa; W. Maddocks, Peachland;
Mrs. H. Merrifield, Miss I. Merrifleld, L.
Merrifleld, . Mrs. E. W. Briggs, Mrs. E.
.Conway, Miss Matilda B. Conway, Flor
ence Welch, Bessie T. Durkie, San Fran
cisco; Will J. Allen, Berkeley; Alfred B.
Sill, Donald P. Campbell, Stanford; E. 1 M.
Furman, Eula Young, Lulu Starkey,
Claude Pierce, San Francisco; H. W.
Honeyfenyer and wife, Spokane, Wash. ;
Mr. and Mrs.. Bradford Leavitt and chilcl,
San Francisco; L. D. Lane, Williams,
Cal. ; R. J. Harlan, San Francisco; John
Markley Jr.,. Berkeley; ¦ A. M'artens. and
wife, San Francisco; Daniel Ritchie, New
York; L. N. Lee, Bartlett Landing; Frank
Buckner, D. K. ,Penner, San Francisco;
J. D. Dunn, J- 'Archer, Santa Rosa; W.
L. Rideout, Lakeport Bee; Mrs. J. P. Orr,
Miss Nannie Orr, Miss Marie Orr, Berke
ley: F. M. Hurt, Upper Lake; Hans Stoat,
William Miller, Hopland; C. S. Davidson,
Berkeley; S. H. McKee and wife. Wash
ington, Wash. ; Mrs. Sprowart, G. Spro
wart, San Francisco.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.— Among the
late arrivals at Gilroy Hot Springs are:
From San Francisco — John Maloney, Gor
don W. Griffith, Henry Sturken, Miss F.
Veuve. Miss Carrie Sheehan, Mrs. Mc-
Quarrie and daughter. Miss Etta' Johji
ston. Miss Mabel Peters, Miss Anifle
Dwyer, Mrs. Morgan. Miss Kittle Mullen,
Mrs. • Millerzer and son, Mr. and Mis. D.
C. Egan, Miss Ida Lange, Mr. and Mrs. 1
Scher. John Hayes, Frank Williams, San
Francisco. - - . ¦ •
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The fol
lowingr guests registered at Calif6rnta Hot
Springs during the past week:.- From San
Francisco— Mr. and Mrs. Louis- Titus,
child, and maid, Mrs. Fannie Lent, De
witt L. McDonald; Miss Laura L. Mc-
Donald, Mrs. John Hoey, Miss Madeleine
Hoey; Miss Eugenia Hoey. Charles Hoey,-
Frank E. Van Pelt, Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Singlejv Miss S. Rottanzi. Miss M. Rot
tanzi, A. N. MacDonald, Nelson Andrews,
T. J. Sheehan, J. C. Kierulff. George H.
I. Jackson, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mitchell,
Mrs. 1 Captain Louis Meyer, Miss Evelyn
O'Connor. S. L. Braverman, Captain
Matthew Turner, Miss B. A. Butler. Miss
Crepin, Miss C. Crepin. Charles Simon,
James Simon, C. K. Simon, Mrs. Mc-
Givern, Miss Kate McGiyern. Miss Gallo
way. Miss Hoffman. Percy Shaunston, J.
H. Ray, George Robinson. H. H. Elliott,
F. A. Merrill. From Berkeley— Mrs. , M.
A. Freese, Miss Alice L. Freese. . From
San Rafael— C. B. Kaufman. From San
Bernardino-Miss A. M. Milliken. From
Minneapolis— G. Andre. ' . '
CAMP MEEKER— The following guests
registered at Camp Meeker last week:
From San Francisco— Mr. and Mrs. B.
Bernhard, Mrs. B. S. Manchester! Mrs. L.- 1
M. Dunne, Mrs. L. W.Hallet.Kingsbury |
.B. Parker, H. H. Gray, Mrs. H. H. Gray,
Mrs. G. F. Brown, Hannah Toomey, Hat
tie Toomey, Mrs. L. N. Dibert. Florence
I>ibert, E. R. McKenna, Minnie L. Mc-
Kenna, William T. O'Connell, Mrs. H. A.
Massey and son, Miss Elenor M. Massey,
Mrs. M. T. McKenna, Miss Minnie T. Dib
ert, Milton M. Dibert, Charles E. Dibert
Jr., L. N. Dibert, Miss Ida Stillwell. Miss
Josephine Fratenger, Mrs. F. E. Smith,
Florence M. Smith,. Miss Ethel G. Smith,
Robert E. Adamson, David Adamson,
Olive M. Smith. Hazel P. Smith, Curtiss
Gilley, Roy McLellen, Mrs. J. J. Magin
nls, Alan W. Maginnis, Ira J. Harmon,
Allen R. Duncan, Mrs. <¦ A. O. Duncan,
Louis F. Raymond, James McCaw, R.
Harrison. Mrs. C. B. Plunkett, Miss Ida
E. Bernhard. Edna Belle White. Coun
tess de St. Germaine, Miss Harriet Reed,
Miss Violette Raymond, Mr. and Mrs. H.
L. Eppenger, E. H. Chalmers, C. G. John
son Jr., Edward Baker; .Mrs. .F. P. Lan
don and family, Nole>Mays, Grace Hutch
ison, George C. Johnson and wife. Lottie
L. Ferguson, A. O. Eppler, Joseph Balls,
William E. Tourtelotte, E. W. G. Spratt,
Emily H. Roethe, Miss Leslie I. Gunnell,
Mrs. C. Gebhardt, Miss H. Gebhardt, Mrs.
E. C. Chamberlin, L. J. Starr, Mrs. L. J.
Starr, Judson Starr; from Berkeley— Eda
L. Coryelle, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Smith,
Miss Florence G. Smith. W. H. Hatha
way. Grace S. Parish. Kenneth C. Mohr
hardt, P. Raymond Mohrhardt, Oscar
Wolfe von Leedehausen; from New Mex
ico — Mrs. W. Allen and daughter, Mrs. L.
Barnett; from Yokohama, Japan — Albert
H. Graves; from Sausallto — Miss A. Ur
quhart; from Sebastopol— Mr. and Mrs.
J. Fllnn, Mrs. J. A. White, Mrs. R. H.'
Brown; from Santa Rosa — Joseph Pur
ringtcn," Miss Magpie Purrlngton. Mrs. L.
Sinclair and son, Mrs. S. J. Swank; from
Alameda— Mrs. L. T. Cranz and family,
Mrs. J. H. Miller and family. Miss M.
Lovegrove. H. Holmes, Mrs. H. S. Holmes,
Arthur S. Holes. Alfred Peterson. Mrs. N.
Reinecker and family. Mrs. G. C. Relfe,
Miss Helen Brown, Miss Florence Relfe,
Mrs. L. D. Chamberlin. Chester L. Stan
ley, Mrs. M. Godfrey. Miss Annette God-
THE SAfi'/FRiNCISCO CALL;-SUroAT,';JTJM: 30, I9O1.
Continued on Page Twenty-Seven.
train.
26
Central California
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CAMPREVERIE,
IN THE , .
. RUSSIAN i RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW OPEN.
"In All California
No Place Like This."
AnOuting
On a New Plan,
Camp Reverie, on the ' Guernevllle Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway, is prac-
tically a hotel under canvas. Accommodations
—tent and board — by the day or by the -week.
There will be addresses by distinguished people
In the mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments—musical, literary, etc.— for the even-
RUN UP FOR A DAY.
Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday or
Monday,
Run Up and Back on Sunday,
and see for yourself— "In All California No
Place Like This."
Round trip from San Francisco only $2.50.
Take boat at Tlburon Ferry. Call on or address
Camp Reverie Association, Room 81. Flood
I31dg., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets; or write Camp Reverie Association. P. O.
Forestville. Sonoma County. Cal. Booklets may
also be had at the ticket offices of the Califor-
nia Northwestern Railway. '
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3V4 Hours* Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments..
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to "
E. C. PECK. Agent.
Z 10 Montgomery «t.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring at.. Log Angeles. Cal.
r\ i* n s\r\f\ hot springs, sonoma
V ft iifmfm. \ Co -: only *# h°u"» from
Ull/IC/UU San. Francisco: but 9 miles
. • ¦. ¦ staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State;
good trout streams: telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $5 60. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 8:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
I $12 a v week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further Information at Traveler of-
flce^ 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, EkaggB. Cal. . -¦ ' ¦ .
GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
8 am. and 2:45 p. m. daily. For rates and
Illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON. Prop. ¦ ; -'
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
and boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal. -.
OWN A HOME "afflfi 1 - CAMP MEEKEfi
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp; board
and lodging $6; take , Sausallto ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER,, or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
jBttr Three trains dally; ZV, hours' ride. A
. Bettens, Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co., 86 Geary street, City.
OLIVE HILL.
MRS.. HENRY LANGE desires to say to her
friends and the public that she has accommo-
dations for" guests or boarders I at Olive Hill
Vineyard, St. Helena, Cal., at reasonable terms.
HUNTING AND FISHING GALORE.
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fish-
ing expedition in the Coast Range, where deer
and bears are plentiful," and trout-fishing is
elegant, may. find their way out by writing to
G. A. EATON, Lo wrey, Tehama County.
THE GEYSERS. §£~
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATU-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing- and • livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. manager. ¦
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS, Prop., Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements. Large and small game
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates' only $8 and
$10. -Apply 20 Montgomery st. or address O. W
R. TREDWAY, Prop., Glenbrook. Lake Co., Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE. V
Fishh:g; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect:16 mlle«from,Truckee, in an unbroken
.forest.--. Further information Traveler office 20
Montgomery,'- or MRS. H. ¦ M. CLEMONS
.Truckee, Cal. . " ' , ¦ . . '
VICHY SPRINCS,
The only place "in. the United States where
Vichy Water is abundant. The ¦ only natural
Electric Waters;. Champagne Baths; I Sprlnss
Numerous;. Baths Unequaled.' Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
¦ .' ¦" - ¦ Proprietors. ;
; : MOUNTAIN I HOME.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, t Health, pleasure,
fishing, ..hunting,; and,, swimming; good table*
guetits at home; never. fall to return;-send for
souvenir. .VIC PONCELET. Llagas.- . ,
TOLL; HOUSE.-
PLEASANT . ACCOMMODATIONS . FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air $S
per week. . t H. ;¦ B-": LAWLEY. Calistoga, * Cal. )
J; ' ¦ HO .!SFOR\THBr GEYSERS. '
'• --Via ;• C." C •' Fobs' Btajf • 1 Line "¦¦ f roin • Callstora.
The scenic route.- 'Livery, in connection. -C C
Ban Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL.. Mfrr.. San Jose. Cal.
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, H00 feet up In the coast range, over-
looking the broad Salinas Valley: free from fog
and winds; pure, dry, balmy air; equable tem-
perature; seven miles stage from Soledad: hot
and cold soda and sulphur baths; tub and
plunge; special bathhouses for ladies: massage
treatment; cement swimming tank, 30x60; hunt-
Ing and fishing; all popular games: hotel, cot-
tages and grounds illuminated by gas: telephone
and P. O.: round-trip ticket $8. C. T. ROM1E.
prop.; T. W. SHRODER. manager.
Delightful Surroundings and WITTCD
Excellent Accommodations at YT 11 lLU
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTT. CAL.
• Certain cure for Stomach, Liver. Kidney,
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured. _ '"
Tickets, California and Korthwestem Rail-
road. Stage from Ukiah.
RODNEY McCORMICK. General Manager.
TV r rrTER a MEJDlCAL. SPRINGS COMPANT.
Upper Lake P. O., Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
...NAPA... Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS Cal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF J ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street. ¦ 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further information .address ¦
A. DOLLM ANN. Proprietor.
I^HE SEASIDE RESORT OP CENTRAL
* California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE, manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER, supt. camp, Capltola, Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day. arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. "WHITE.
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market St.. opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
>DF*. CZ. C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 48
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and 8. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages* and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park: mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C C O'DONNELL. office 1021% Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California; lots amusements; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 i and $12 per
week. Open May 13. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkln St.. S. F. DRURT & KROEGER.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek, Colusa Co., Cal., 28 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELQEART,
Proprietor. •
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.', 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansome
St.. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point
Arena, Cal.
"PINE KNOLL."
Beautiful mansion house and magnificent
¦grounds, situated in foothills, one and a half
miles from St. Helena. Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address P. o. box 55, st
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS '
Finest hunting and health res'ort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates $2 and 42 50 1 per day; $10 to $14 per week
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery st. ni-
address EDSON BROS.. Besw^k. Vskiyou
¦ForrestandheaithlN THE SIERRAS
w 240Oft.— 136 miles from San Fr. Nostagine; c-ood
Ideal forests »nd grounds. $8.00aweek. Send for
booklet Orchard Sprluas, Colfax, CaL
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
.- P> _?' iEP VERANO,. Cal.. Verano Station
"(King s Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths "near by. Terms.
$1 per day and upward. • PETER GOUILHAR-
C!?aiidoa
H?S£ fewo^. ol^t "Champagne
.White Seal. (Grande "Cuvee) of ex-
ceptional bouquet and dryness.— Court
journal.
I 329 Market St.; Sia rrastliot. " *.
q, . h ..h»M. I M»M"H"I I l l .l..l-I..r.lMr.lnIni..i..ini..i»iMH-4^^^H^^^»H^^-H'-H'0
1 It's Nbnsense $
I • " .-¦'¦ '¦•¦ -.-¦ •:¦:¦ .' -¦ ¦¦- -¦,¦¦¦ :"<:-¦¦ ¦ '£ ' +
j'- . To allow yourself to suffer discomfort by beiner without a : 4*
I'. Bathing Suit of your own. , Be. comfortable' while bathinj? as j*'
well as any other time. Perhaps you haven't realized that you , *!j!
**_ ¦ . could own your own BathingjSuit by spending so little money. ".- v
i. -¦:.• For instance we can sell you: ' V
* Men's ' Fancy Swimming Suits I Boys' Fancy Swimming Suits T
T for ?2.5O. . .They have no equal from $1.50 to $2.00.' You can't X
II for comfort and fit. ' ; mistake if 'you buy them. •- X
•• Men's Fancy Combination. - Boys' Extra ; Strong • Bathingy X
V Suits for ' i?3. 50. Newest /styles, . Suits from 50c to" 75c.:. They V'v
• • greatest strength. . , • wear, like iron.
v Ladies' and^ Misses' Suits from $1.75 to ?12.00. All grades. X
1; Full fashioned, pretty, stylish and comfortable. Any article made to order ,V
X if; you wish; costs; a trifle more. " : . ¦ II
T UoV»V /1/lMJI^L/ s »'k, Lisle Thread, Linen i*
jl-i , - ** "... '¦¦ and ; Wool .Undervycap. II
If: knitJting co- B 'i^L^Imi. and Cainp- |
| ' 60 GEARY STREET, Jife^ ||
•• . H you can't come,; write for ¦•catalogue.'-" '¦'¦[' -' -• J : : i '\~\ ;'.¦ ; ';';;
DERMATOLOGISTS,
Dr.& Mrs. TRAVERSE,
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or Bear. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
baM heads Hours 1 to 4 p.' m. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market et
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29. S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream, 60c; Brahman Tooth Powder, 25c. All
druggists. Large etock always at J. S. Potts
I3rug Co.
K you want to
know where id
90 this Summer?
Call or irrlte for
"VACATION 19O1"
Th!s Is a little book Jnst laroad by ths Cali-
fornia Northwestern Kallway Company, and is
profusely Illustrated. It gives camping loca-
tions, hotels and mineral spring resorta in
Marin. Sonoma, Mendoclno and Lake counties.
Besides, it contains a list cf about 200 farms
and homes where board during th«- summer
months can be -procured at from $5 to J10 p«*
week. Ticket ofnces. 650 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and Tlburon Ferry. General of-
fice. Mutual Life building. Sansome and Cali-
fornia streets, San Francisco. R. X. RTAN,
General Passenger Agent. H. C WH1TINQ.
General Manager. ' /V*
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful T>Iae«
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10. $12. $14.
$15 and $15 per week. Call on L.EE D. CRAIO.
SIC Montgomery st.. and see photographs off
hotel and surroundings. "We take pleasure in
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG &
WARNER.
CAMELLINE
For the complexion. Indlst>ensabl» for th»
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by tha medical profession. , At
all druggists. _^
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 46 miles via C N. Ry. or
S. Pi R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it. Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone: expensive Improvements; J13
and $14. COOPKR & SHEDDENT. Agua Ca-
Ilente. Cal. ._ <
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats fl>hln*» tackle and saddle horses at mod.
erate hire: $2 per day. or $10. $12 and $14 o»r
week. Postofflce, telephone. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
First-class family resort in the, Kap* red-
woods. Exhilarating air. hunting, flshtnjr.
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Prop..
Oakville. Napa. Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau.
80 Montgomery st. , ,
EL MONTE HOTEL. "
First-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed: m-eat relief for people -with asthma: O
miles from S. F.: fare $1 83; free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office. 20 Montaromery st., of
of JOHN NEVH.L. Proprietor. Los Gatoa.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME.
AMID THE MOUNTAIN OF MENTDO-
cino. Visit this quiet little resort tot
solid comfort. For particular* apply to 8.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth street. City.
SOLID COMFORT HOME SSSfft. S
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Larg»
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold batSs.
Spring water. Rates, $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Xapa. Cal.
CAMP CURRY
Mak^s It possible for you to scend a -week or *
month in Tosemite without exhausting all your
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $45 per month.
Office. S30 Market street.
YOSEMITE t I •
WITT OW PANfH former proprietor XT,
tt ILL UTT BAHLU CrandeD-A summer hern*
In the redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cnur
running water, swimming, croquet, abundanon
of fruit, home cookinw: table »ix>ak* for Itself.
For particulars. TULET & ILIFF. SasU Cra».
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
1*4 hours' ride from S. F. : S miles from V»l«
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach dlseass*.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boatin?
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. S3 to $10 a we»k.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Ca!.
1 UL UU V I C east of Tallac. Board and
lodging per week, $3. By the day. S2. Meali.-
EOc. Good saddle horses and the best of I'.ver.lj
Boats free to all guests. PARMETER J?l
"COPLAND. Proprietors. ]
S5O.OO
Or less will cover all expenses of n 10 &*•**
trip to Tosemite. Curry's Of flee, 630 Market
street. S. F.
YOSEMITE!!
BOULDFR CREEK HOTEL.
Under new management. Entirely renovate.
First-class family resort. Fine hunting a-d
fishing. Sulphur springs. For terms &r.A par-
ticulars address P. J. WELCH. Proo Boulier
Creek. Cal. •
CAMP TAYT OR Cotta »". caiuptnir. BsWng:
VAllir I A I LUft 29 miles fronts. F. : In th*
redwoods. Call Traveler office. SO Montgomery
street, or address H. G. MARTTM. Proprietor.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
17 a week: camping privileges. $1 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake: how? cooklnt:
£r.A P T e £«T k , and u P wa "»- F. and A. M.
SCAUIS. Lakeport. Lake County. Cal.
B0ARD.FRU1T FABM^-^r*. -,«
Terms. $6: fare 80c. Box 64. Redwood City.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
fTAGE UXE.— Hopland to Barlett Spring.
Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for La ice -
f* . Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
J?l« t™lns at Hopland. Leave Hor'and at
13:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive ai
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse «-P«»-
eenger tourist wagons, made to order for thit
•Uge line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
iff 111 *?! 0 * 11 for tickets by Bartlett Springs
:•.•-¦;;. MILLER ft HOWARD. Proprlet3r»._
-^ New 19-PaMenger Tosemit,
S^iJ?V«»L^ outsld e "eats. Leaves Calistoga
?^w-Sf2 I*. * xce P te <»> at 11:30 a.y m., dtrec'.
to_Harbin._Setgler, Adams. Howard. Ander-
SSw-^i 23? *H Glen t>rook; buy J round-trip
IK'nMi 8 ? hour for lunch aVCalist^a:
j t v ddletown - Lower Lak* R>iseyvtMr«
-and Laieporu .-Wat BPttRS^Pr^uSJij
Saeriiflee Sale
1 t \ K ¦' Commencing ¦;¦-• ;¦* a ft t
I days To -Morrow, days
I + ONLY.| Monday, July I, |ONLYiJ
H In order to make room for a vast purchase now. in tran-
1 sit we to-morrow inaugurate a 15 days' sacrifice sale of our
j| present stock at cuts that make our offerings
I THE BIGGEST VALUES EVER! PRESENTED.
1 TAILOR-MADE SUITS MARKED DOWN.
I TAILOR-MADE JACKETS MARKED DOWN.
I LADIES' CLOAKS MARKED DOWN.
§ MISSES' JACKETS MARKED DOWN.
I LADIES' SKIRTS MARKED DOWN.
I - LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS MARKED DOWN;
I LADIES" SI L K WAISTS MARKED DOWN.
I EXTRA SPECIALS.
I 100 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE -;- S.U ITS, Qt\ QA
I ; value for $7.50 each; will be offered at ... . . JJU
1 100 MISSES'. .SUITS, value for $5.00 each, $Q Aft
I will be offered at.\ .............. . . . .... ... JjZi UU
§ ' j^^—-. Ladies will do we! I to call early and
I ||||§|j|sr make selections before assortment of
a HU™"^ sizes becomes broken,
¦ / -¦-¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ .;¦ .¦ • . ¦
J. O'BRIEK & CO.,
9 U42 i^ABKET STREET.
a If Medicated <^\ V*6§
1/ COMPLEXION POWDER
Kjf A The b«!!crf yonr«et would not
I3f f be the brlle if <be bad a bad
I Jfc-. foaraatfe of beacty. It If » fj B
K^^l 'kin food; cotaini do poison- / ra
\£^tSi\ ooi ccbttacret ai to ninnr j / ra
WKi& ' chell P imitation* do. Box 6Oc LjU&ljig dancing, C G. Noble, financial re
porter; essay on "How Company B Will
Take the Cake," T. Frahm. The pro
gramme closed with songs and imitations
of birds and animals by John P. Dwyer,
the prince of ventriloquists. His imita
tion o^the buzzing Stockton slough mos
quito wks so natural that Grand Dictator
Archibald covered his head with a silk
handkerchief so that the "pesky critter'
would not bite him. For an encore he
gave an imitation of a train - leaving a
depot. Those who were absent missed a
treat.
Knights of Honor.
After routine business In. Yerba Buena
Lodge last week those present were
entertained by Company B, Captain Wed
ekind. The programme Included medley
songs by J. D. Nonken; reading from
Shakespeare. A. J. Fairweather; senti
mental ballads, Dictator T. Martin; orig
inal rules on how to play whist, poker
and euchre. Grand Reporter Johnstone;
vocal selections, Captain T. Wedekind;
"Adam had his trials, but he never had
to face a fool jury.
* •" The -• arrivals ; at . Highlands for " the . past
week have : been very ' heavy.. •• There aje
about i 160 ¦; people ? on 1 the : grounds. * How
ever, ; owing to Increased ; accommodations
there Is still, plenty of ; room.
'Tuesday J evening.: Mrs. u W.; D. ; O'Kane
chaperoned "a > party of; twenty-flve young
people on a moonlight straw ride. • /¦
• -Thursday a-large party.took the.tallyho"
coaches - to . Blue Lakes. - ; " Friday L.: ;C.
Farnham ; made up ? a party,; for < Lakeport
and; Soda Bay,^spending most of the day
on the lake. '
: Judge and- Mrs. ~ Hunt" are here again,
and as " usual are : the r life of. the crowd.
Miss Tibbe Taylor: Miss Bess V. Taylor,
and : Miss Ella ; F.-< Morgan are ; here under
the chaperonage of Mrs. -Hunt. -. --'--:<;•;
I HIGHLAND SPRINGS— The past week
at Highlands has been very gay, several
large parties' driving to Lakeport, . BJue
Lakes. Seiglers and Glenbrook.; Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday were taken up
by the bowling- tournament; there being
over forty entries. + First l . and second
prizes were given : for " the best scores in
both first - and second • class.' W. A. : Liri
forth, representing ;H.E, Skinner &¦• Co.,
the well known sporting, goods house of,
San Francisco, hung up a splendid racket
as first prize ; in ; the tennis " tournament.
There were. some . fourteen entries In this
event. -* ¦ *CVBMfiRiBP^S3S9SSWSX
HOITTS— Recent arrivals at Hoitts,
Menlo Park, include: Oakland— Mrs. F.
A. Wilder, Miss " Gladys Courteau. Ala
meda—Mrs. Lewis James. -Los Angeles-
Miss Loie Galpln." - Auburn— Mrs." J.'M.
Hughes. Kentucky — Mrs. A. V. S. Linds
ley. San ; Francisco — Miss Adah Cook,
Mrs. R. H. Hoitt, : Mr: and Mrs. A.:E.
Castle, Master Eugene Castle, Miss J.r A.
Doran, Miss Dora . Wieland, Miss " Eunice
Jeff ers. Miss M. Jeffers. Mrs. John : Wag
ner, Miss Ethel Wagner, Miss Laura Cof
fln. ..-'.- ¦¦¦¦ ¦ '^-^l^gg^^S^
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— Arrivals at
Byron Hot Springs during the past week
include: From Han Francisco — Miss E.
M. L.'Meyer, Miss L. Weil, John Cashin,
Mrs. J. Hill. Rudolph Schrensky, Mrs. L.
Schrensky, F. W. F. Reddlngton, William
Bogan, C. W. Parsons, M. .Hencken,
Thomas Connelly, W. H. Knibbe. J. W.
Tuttle, John Carlson, John Keegan, Man
uel Vargas, G. Harms, Walter Hanby,
B.-.F. Harrison, S. C. Davis, A. H. Whit
ney^ William ¦ Warmington, Herbert
Warmington, R, Depue Klckey, M. D. t
George Gallick, William Quinn, W. A.
Botkln, Miss Bettman; from Fresno-
Louis Scholler, G. E. Machen; from Tuc
son — R. Runstadt; from" Oakland— Charles
Roeth, S. H. Covert and wife; from Coul
terville — Temple Phillips; from. Brentwood
—Miss Cook, Dr. and Mrs. J.T. Gardner;
from San Diego— William Jerislaw; fron*.
Portland, Ore.— Paul Wesslnger; from
Palo Alto — Miss Gardner;, from Los An
geles—William N. Moses: from Crockett—
H. 1 . A. Billings; ,from San Pablo— John
Poner; from San Rafael— Mrs. Ida Eich
wald; from Madera— L. Robertson: from
Santa' Rosa— Colonel J.I A. Austin and
wife; from/ St' Louis — Ira P. Good and
wife; from Santa Cruz — Joe House; - from
Half moon Bay— Mrs. B. Martin; from
Stockton— J.- H. Thompson, F. McD.
Green and'wife: A...N. Buell,.' Mrs. D.
Rothenbush.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS-Late ar
rivals at Klamath Hot Springs include:
H. Hansen, Etna; George W. Dornin, Dr.
W. D, Huntington and son, J..Yv. Lang
ford, Oakland; J. S. Diller, James Mc-
Laughlin, Washington, D. C; Robert E.
Sigler, Klamath Falls; Ed Riebe, Red
ding; Mrs. Thomas G. Dews, Medford,
Or.; A. Honigsberger, E. J. Bart, Harry
K. Brown and wife, James S. Steiner, San
Francisco; Leland S. Foulke, Gazelle;
Bob Martin, ;Yreka;F. P. Grohs. Miss
Emma Grohs, Miss"Lollye Grohs, Auburn;
Oscar M. Johnson, Salem, Or.; Thomas
Burton, Forks of. Salmon; P. H. Daily,
Jacksonville, Or.
MARK WEST SPRINGS— Am6ng those
who registered at Mark West Springs the
past week are: Charles R. Blender, Mrs.
Charles R." Blender, Master Victor Blender,
Miss Lenora London, J. E. Lewis, Mrs. J.
E. Lewis and children, E. C. Mayo, Ar S.
Levy, Mrs. Lindner, Miss H. Joost, Mrs.'
Cahan, Phil Martin, Mrs. M. Spiro, Miss
Kay Spiro, Miss A. Dwyer, Mrs. ,M. Lind
ner, Mrs. M. Meyer, Master John Meyer,
George R. Robinson, George F. Frutiger,
Mrs. F. Frutiger, Oscar Hammund, E. P.
Moran, Edward E. Perley, P. C. Gerhardt,
Mrs. P. Rock, Miss F.. Burke, Miss N/
Cummlngs, J. L. Lawrence, Hugo War
ren, .Miss J. P. Curtin, Mrs. J. J. Sawyer
and child, Mrs. T. S. Stealey and children,
J. P. L. O'Hara, O. J: Marchand, Miss
Elise Bendar, Miss Sara Curtiss, Miss
Lottie Carroll, M. J. Sutton, Willis Dono
van, Watson Kennard, C. L. Bond and
family, K. R. Pierce of London.
Ryan, Mrs. • J. Callaghan, Miss B. H.
Pniilips, H. A. Arnolue. aamuel J. Pres
ton, ivliss N. Hyae,- J.-iS. Floyd, FredUie
Peck, Frank H. Murray, vinomad Iff.
O'Brien, Miss Marion Schwartz, Miss C.
b. Cole. From Oakland— J..W. Sperb, M.
S. Moore, Fred Van Biarcom, B. G. .b'arn
ham, JajnesJ. Short, Henry Robins, Fred
Grant. From Watsonvllle— Master Clif
lord Palmtag, Mrs. J. Kennaugh, Mrs. F.
Palmtag, S. rianlon, i.iiss F. Jones. From
Los Angeles — Fred Barrett, Mrs. Henry
Burnham and daughter. From San Fran
c-sco—C. H. Heitman, Miss H.B. Fair
weather, H. B. Hirschman, H. Samu»H,
R. Robertson. From Giiroy— M. Casey,
Gaorge Millas, Mrs. J. E. Kannely, C. B.
Kroessen, W. Johnson, John H. Bruen,
Charles Pollard, W. A. Taylor, W. Fitz
gerald, S. W. Kilpatrick. From San Jose
— R. H. Burke, M. D. ; Edwin S. Zahn,
Mrs. R. H. Burke and daughter, M. S.
Hooker, A. C. Harrison. From Niles— Mr.
and Mrs. K E. Uslar and daughter, E. F.
AViiliams. From Denver. Colo.— H. B. Ten
nyson. From Hollister— E. A. Sawyer,
fa. J. Peterson> Fred E. Berry. From Ta
coma. Wash.— H. C. Munson; H. F. Auger,
T. R. Handy. From Fresno— B. N. Walsh,
Miss R. Perry.
CAMP RE v ERIE— Recent arrivals at
Camp Reverie are: From San Francisco-
Mrs., Manfred H. Heynemann, James Hey
nemann, Henry Chittenden Heynemann,
Walter Heynemann, Miss Ruth Heyne
mann. Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Osborne and
family, C. S. Healey, Mary B. Healey,
John Monahan, Miss Monahan, Thomas C.
Russell, Miss Russell, Mr. and Mrs C. F.
Richards, J. J. Geary, Mrs. W. L. Grow
ell. Miss Lurllne Lyons, Miss Kate Cof
fee, Mrs. C. E. Grunsky, C. Ewald Grun
sky, Eugene L. Grunsky, Kate L. Grun
sky, Clothilde Grunsky, Mrs. E. K. Ken
nedy, Miss Kate Thomas, Mrs. Maurice
Keating, Grace W. Deering, C. A. Swett
and wife, Mrs. M. J. Thomas, Master
Richard Monges, F. W. Huber, W. L.
Growell, Mrs. G. W. O'Brien, Miss E. W.
McLaughlin, W. Hollzer, Edwin Mullen,
Maurice Keating, Mr. and Mrs. W. C.
Morrow, Louis X. Ryan, Mrs. J. F.
Schemp, Master Schemp, Gertrude Stuart
Holmes, Mr. Charles E. Taylor, C. ! \V.
Lang, William H. Dement; trom Oakland
—Dr. A. K. Crawford, Mrs. J. B. Jeffrey,
Doris Crawford, Master Crawford, Ruth
A. Farley, H. K. Nourse, Esther E. Jx
win. May Irwin, James Irwin, Jack Lon
don, Mrs. Jack London and child, . Airs.
McLean, Miss C. E. McLean, Miss A. M.
McLean,- Miss Lizzie E. Osborne, 'Paul
Goldsmith, Mary L. Stevens, Mrs.l-H. C.
Morris; from Berkeley— Rafael Lemos,
Miss A. M. Hicks, Mrs. B. Winter, Con
stance Winter, Clive Winter, Mrs. H. R.
Wiley, Esmond Wiley, Miss Beth Wiley;
from Alameda— Mrs. Archibald Wilson,
Emily J. Hamilton; from New York— W.
W. Wilson; Eugene Del Mar; from San
Rafael — Hon. R. ; A. Thompson, I Miss
Thompson; from' Santa Rosa — Dr. Sut
cliffe, B. F. Graves; from Tucson, .-Ariz.—
Charles Ferguson; from Vacaville— W. F.
Leavitt; from Belvedere— Mrs. J. - W.
Hunter, C. N. Hunter; from Altrurla— L.
P.; South; from Brooklyn— Clara iB. Wil
liams; from Santa Barbara— Thoma3
Clark and wife, Mildred ,W. Clark; from
Boston— Miss Joy Chapin; from Honolulu
— Mrs. Sarah B." Comstock. .' - / - -•.¦'. ¦: : -
seven charter members. She ¦ will remain
a week with the circle to thoroughly in
struct the officers. • ;'
At the-, last, held'meeting'of El Dorado
Circle four, candidates were Initiated In
the presence of a number of visitors. The
officers were highly complimented. Mrs..
Thornhill, P. N. A. D., was congratulated
for the successful term she had as head
of the Grand Circle, and the regalia pre
sented her by, the Grand Circle was great
ly admired. , v :'_. 1 - '
.-. Olyuipia Circle is reported as doing well
and Initiating at almost every meeting.
Evergreen Circle of Stockton has now a
membership of seventy and is still in
creasing.
Knights of Pythias.
I The members of California Lodge No. 1.
Knights of Pythias, are wearing hand
some emblematic souvenir buttons, com
memorative of the thirty-second anniver
sary of the institution of the lodge. It is
the first lodge of the order organized dn
the Pacific Coast. Since'the charter list
was / opened , \ more than six hundred
Knights have been enrolled on its mem-"
bership books. At a recent'convention of
the lodge it .was decided to revive the Uni
form Rank, and the Knights are working
to that end at this time. *
i The receat death of Captain It. Hol
zuther recalls the heroic act by which on
the 22d of lest July he- rescued two men
from drowning off Lime Point. The res
cued, men had a handsome silver piate,
appropriately engraved, placed upon the
casket. . _
¦ Bay City Lodge at Its meeting last
Wednesday night had work in the con
ferring of degrees, giving the esquife and
the knight rank in the long form In a
¦very creditable manner. After the work
the large number of Knights.present en
joyed the hospitality of the lodge.
Syracuse Lodge will celebrate the in
stallation of its officers by a banquet on.
the evening of the 10th of July.
THE FRATERNITIES
man,; who holds membership, in. a large
number -, of organizations, and In 1 all of
which he takes a deep Interest. As .the
chief officer of the Druids he will do his
utmost to instill a degree of enthusiasm
into 'the membership and strive to I excel
the record of the two preceding noble
grand arches, who each have made a good
showing for. the order. V -¦ •
The noble grand arch has already laid
his plans for the campaign. He expects
to make official visitations as early as the
latter- part of July ? and proposes to keep
them up until he shall have added 2000
•new members to "the order. He will be
assisted in that work by Deputy. Grand
Arch C. Guglielmonl and Grand Secretary
J. M. Graves. ,. , :^-
Galileo Grove will confer the second de
gree next Tuesday; r Gllroy, the baby
grove, initiated'six-candidates at its last
held meeting; -Haywards Grove conferred
the third" degree at. its last held. meeting
on sixteen bards in the presence of J. F.
Martinoni, P. N. G. A.; Grand Secretary
Graves, Past /Arches L. A. i Wolff and H.
A. Armstrong- . A drill team of twenty
; four from Centervllle Grove was present
and in a neat Uniform added much to the
impressiveness of the occasion.
The Druidesses.
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. Sorensen left
for,Los Angeles. last, week to institute a
new.'circle -in . Los Angeles with forty-
.During Grand "Grove Week f the Past
Arches' Association .¦ held a special meet
ing and increased "its membership by
twenty. The regular meeting of .the' as
sociation to be held to-day promises " to
be an interesting one. - -
The picnic of Manzanita Grove was at
tended by about six hundred people, who
had a very enjoyable time in Sunset Park.
SOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING.
Continued from Page Twenty-Six.
ALJFORNIA "Camp, "Woodmen
/p . of the World, still flaunts its
m 1 banner, which bears the words,
IV- \ . "Watch Us Grow," and shows
\NW how it is growing by initiating
strangers at every meeting.
Last Monday , three were re
ceived Into the camp and -were given' the
degrees in the .amplified . form. The
ceremony was followed ; by music,
songs, recitations ..and*, refreshments.
The officers-: of: this camp will be
installed in public " in Pioneer Hall
on the night of the 9th of July. "Prince"
Lawrence Vincent some. time since sent
to this department an account of a meet
ing of this camp, and wtiat-he sent shows
that he has all the attributes of a first
class journalist. There were. In fact, two
reports— one that demonstrated that as a
writer against space he is without a peer,
and the other written as if He had been
ordered by an editor to "boil it down."
As this department desired to give some
other organizations a show it rejected
the long and made use of the short re
port, and that is •why***Prince" Vincent is
sad.-
R. F. Wells, deputy head consul, recent
ly organized a camp • at Truckee with
thirty-three ' charter members. On the
25th the Reno drill team will visit the new
council for the purpose of initiating
twelve strangers into the forest of Wood
craft. *
On the night of the 14th: inst. Redwood
Circle, Women of. Woodcraft, had an open
meeting in the banquet hall of the Na
tive Sons' building which was attended
by a very large number of the friends of
that organization^ These were entertain
ed with an excellent programme of varied
numbers that were presented by Cordie
Wetjen, Miss McCullum, Al Heslop, N.
B.ennett, F. D. Tracy, O. Bainbridse and
others. There was also a- drill by the de
gree team of Western Addition Camp and
an address by Organizer Temple. The af
fair, a most successful one, was under the
direction of Mrs. McMahon, Mrs. Anna
M. Cornehl, Mrs. Wilder, Mrs. M. E.
Schwelnhard, G. N., Mrs. Blangy, Mrs.
Derrick and Mr. Huber.
Tamalpais Camp is arranging a series
of novel entertainments that it is thought
will eclipse any previous efforts. The pro
gramme on each occasion will be extreme
ly novel. This camp expects to have about
100 candidates at the monster initiation at
Fernbrook. The Tamalpais . band and
quartet will be on hand. The new officers
of this camp will bo installed to-morrow
night.
California Circle had a most enjoyable
entertainment in the banquet hall of the
Native Sons' building last Thursday night
and had several numbers between dances,
contributed by John Shereburne, Evelyn
D. Worrell, M. Lamberth and W. W.
Brackett. The entertainment committee
was Mr. and Mrs. O. M. Katz, Mrs. DI
Oliver, Mrs. L. Vincent and Dr. Alice
Boldemarm. This circle, which has now
a membership of 103. with 56 applications
to act upon, will. install its officers on the
second Friday in July.
Choppers' Friendship Club.
The Choppers'. Friendship Club of the
Woodmen of the World at its last held
meeting initiated twelve eligibles and re
ceived thirty applications. The club is
making arrangements for its first excur
sion and family reunion at Fernbrook
Park on the 14th of July. There will be
games for old and youngs and those for
the children will be a specialty.
The entertainment and dance that was
given i.y this club on the night of last
Monday in the banquet hall of the Native
Sons' t-uildlnR was a very entertaining so
cial function, which was attended by a
large number of Choppers and many of
their friends
Foresters of America.
Court Sunflower was instituted in. this
city last week toy Grand Chief Ranger
Heenan, assisted by several of the grand
officers and a team from Court San Fran
cisco. Seventy-seven were admitted, and
after the ceremony, there- was a banquet
in a downtown restaurant.
Grand Secretary Cordy expects to have
the proceeding's of the last held Grand
Court ready for distribution In about two
weeks.
Harmony Court of Oakland was visited
last week by Grand Secretary Cordy,
James Healing and the degree team of
Court United States of America. Two
candidates were initiated. The same team
also visited Court Pride of Alameda,
when nine candidates were initiated.
The Colorado Grand Court has officially
recognized the American Forester Review
of Jhls city as its official organ, which
pleases Jacob Label, the editor and pub
lisher. /" -
Court Columbia has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a banquet for mem
bers only.
The courts in Tuolumne will meet in
Sonora on the Fourth of July to celebrate
that day in appropriate manner. G. A.
Richards, Charles Howes and Harry Hall
compose the general committee.
Court Sutro Heights on last Monday
night had an enthusiastic meeting and
work in the initiatory degree. The court
members are very active "in the matter
of the excursion and picnic, and the pros
pects are that additional cars will have to
be ordered to convey the excursionists to
Olenwood Park. Every member of the
court is a committee of one to boom the
picnic, which will be given on the 14th of
July.
Court San Francisco on last Wednesday
night gave an ice cream social in the so
cial hall of the Alcazar building. There
was a good iittendance, which had a
pleasant time under the direction of Floor
Manager W. Buhlinger, assisted by M.
Pander, F. Smith, I. P. Beban and Fred
Severance.
. Club Justice, composed of members of
Court Justice, will picnic at Fernbrook
Park to-day. •
American Companions.
Century Circle, which was instituted a
few months ago, has now a membership
of 135 and it has a satisfactory bank ac
count. This circle has requested that Mrs.
Emma Agnes Harrington, P. G. C. C, be
appointed its circle deputy. At the recent
session of the Grand Circle the following
named were created past chief compan
ions of the circle in recognition of Eerv
ices. rendered: Sarah Beversen, Mrs. M.
Sweet, Mrs. A, Page, Mrs. M. Bostrom,
Mrs. A. Wagner, Mrs. M. Wilkens, Mrs.
E. H. Zeieing and Mrs. M. Large. The
same honor was also conferred on ' Mrs.
A. E. Drendell, who was empowered to
institute a circle in Chicago, 111.
Miss Alice Ticoulet, grand chief com
panion, who is the recording secretary of
Robin Hood Circle, was on last Wednes
day night tendered a reception by the
members of the circle. . There were many
visitors present, who extended their con
gratulations to the new officer, who in
turn made a few remarks expressing the
hope that all members of the order
would lend their assistance to make her
administration a great success. The hall
was tastefully decorated for the occa
sion. After the circle was declared closed
ice cream and cakes were served.
Members of Bay City Circle, desiring to
show how much .they appreciated the
honor lhat was conferred on the circle
by electing Mrs. H. Worms, the financial
secretary, as grand sub-chief companion,
made her the guest of honor at a banquet
in the Zlnkand last week. There were
twenty-nine present. This circle has re
quested that Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee be
appointed circle deputy. "
¦ -•- . •-¦---.' - -
The Druids.
At a recent meeting of Olympla Grove
Robert J. Zowasky was presented a jewel
offered by J. M. Bowers to the member
bringing in the greatest number of can
didates to be initiated during a stated pe
riod. This was ; followed ' by the ¦ fourth
degree In the banquet hall. On the 23d
inst. the grove enjoyed a clam bake at an
outing In Swayles Canyon, Marin County.
Last week Manzanita Grove gave a so
cial in the Druids Temple,: at ..which
there was a good attendance u and
all enjoyed a dance . to music 1 furnished
by Brother Dick Barton's orchestra. Dur
ing the . evening Past. Noble Arch - Dr.. J.
W. Cresgh was presented a beautiful em
blematic badee. ¦ , ;
At . the meetrne of Hartnagl© ¦ Chapter
held on the 13th inst. the officers wore
their new regalia for. the -first , time and
added much to the lmpresslveness of the
occasion. Six Druids of the Crimson" de
gree were admitted by, initiation. During
Grand Grove week the chapter, held a
special meeting, at which then Noble
Grand Arch Henry - Lange and ¦ forty- four
others were ' received • Into ; the ; chapter >. by
initiation.~\The chapter is now on the.up
ward grade, due in the main to the untir
ing exertions of; Supreme '¦¦ Herald J.; P.
Martlnoni, who is the Chief Druid.
' Jules ¦¦ 8. • Godeau/ 1 the " new: noble • grand
arch, . is not only, an active < Druid but '. he
is • a . most energetic all-round .. fraternal
THE_ SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 30, .1901.
27
j>i'tk» end PrenHnms. IFire Rlekg. j PrecHums.
¦Set amount of KltY*
wrtttetwdortac^tte ftJBUttaa
vil im'f^t of KJ.k»
' vear*^::*™-— **.™.*» «.«».•» 00
r-l» amount In fort*
•iGRAN& HOIELr
Visitors to v San Francisco who raaJio
their headauax t ers | at | thesa hotels en-
Joy • comforts : and conveniences • not to
tie obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and iin equaled
cuisine.' American tad European plans.
••PALACE HOTEL*-
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Siippsr
TO-DAY,
Sunday - - - - June 30
TWO CRACK
COURSING^ EVENTS.
Champion Reserve
AND
Reserve Stakes,
124... NOMINATIONS... 124
$1000 $1OOO
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townnend streets 10:13
a, m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. : Twenty-
fifth [ and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
JULY 4,
BEFORE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS.. JP.lt,
JACK MOFFAT
OPCH!CAGO
: VS.
GEORGE GARDNER
OF BOSTON.
. ¦ ¦ . .. FOR MIDDLE-WEIGHT
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
AL NEILL ofSan Francisco
' ysi
CHARLES (Dutch) THU8ST0N.
' . TWENTY ROUXD3 EACH.
FISCHPR'R CONCERT HOUSE.
lWV;n£.nO Admission lOc.
CHARITY MARTIN. SIG.'O. S. WANREM*
Anita Fallon. Graham and Grevtlte Co.. Al
Hazard. Ing-ham, Viola Vignette. Murphy and
Hart: .."
.'. Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
QPENNIGHTS,
Open Dally From 7 »." m..to 11 p. a.
Bathing i From 7. a.' m.' • to 10:9> p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. ¦ CHIIJ3REM 5c -
Bathing'. Including Admission, 23o. Childreq 23c^
vULURlyBM ieasisb theatre
I I A B V^ ff" n Beginning T0-M0RS0W.
) JUUY^th" I
2 : iAi 'CHARLES FaOHMAH'8
COLOSSUS OF DBAMA8
from the
Garden Theater. New York
By Arrangement "With
¦_ _ ". ' DAYID BELA3C0
P 8 I fi HM na Paul M. Potter's
H B ¦¦ g3 B B V|l~ ThriUins Romance In b
¦i B Bm 8 t P! acts and 9 scenes,
B § g*Si B B B B - founded . on Oulda's
THE BIGGEST
?-,:.': 'With ST«GE SPECTACLE
_.._-_.._ SAN FHANCISCO HAS
DI AMP LI YET WITNE83ED
Ml fliy in! Most Complete Pro-
¦ UfcrlllUlll» ductlon .Ever Sent
From the East— Com-
11 ITrO pany. Scenery, Horses.
Vnfl I r\ Etc -
'¦ 13 1\ I Lv CK-er a Hundred Peo-
. . - I>le!
in . r y . Enormous Powerful
Her / : Cast!
Remarkable Entrancing: Stase Plc-
. . Creation ; - . . tures !
•'..-¦-¦ t,-- of ' Marvelous Concerted
"Cirarette." - Action!
EVERY EVENING EXCEPTING SUNDAYS.
• REGULAR MATINEES SATURDAYS.
BE LAS CO A»» THMCS^ritig.
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. v 13c. 23c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Time, the Big Revival of
Uncle Tom's Cabin.
PDIfl.C Evenings..... ....10c. 15c. 25c.-S5c. 50c
Iftll/Lt? Matinees.. ...... .........:.. 10c. 15c. 25c
BeslnnlnK TO-MORROW. (MONDAT) EVg,
Special Engagement of: San Francisco's Great
Favorite,
: JAMES Al. BROPHY.
Superb Production of Frank Mayo's Great Play,
,'^Davy Crockett;"
: , KXTRA MATINEE FOURTH OF JULY
'¦ (Thursday). •
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
LAST MACDOWELL MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIGHT OF
-. Commencing MONDAY EVENING.
MATINEES- July- 4th, Saturday and Sunday.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY PRESENTS
"THE ONLY WAY."
Original Version by Freeman Wills, by Special
Arrangement With ' Charles Frohman.
The -Company Will Be the Strongest Ever
Seen in; the Play. Including E. J. Morgan,
John Mason, Theodore Roberts and Katherine
Grey.
Same Prices — 10c, 15c. 2"ic. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, . Emporium. •
S Pip 2H- SAT?
Commencing MONDAY, SECOND WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS^
:¦¦'¦ Supported by WHITE ;WHITTLESEY.
• . In Her Greatest Success. ",
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY, JULY 4.
\ SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
Next— "THE, SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
OLYMJPIA 9s5s£«sS-
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
,; THE_CITY.
Engagement Extraordinary.
LiiS'i'iiK KttfciViiS,
¦ The Eminent Barytone.
IONE
- * In - Poses Plastlqu*.
-ETHEI; BAklOW,
; -:: "The $40,000 Beauty. , \
MABiiL HUUiSON,
The SlnsinsrSoubrette.
AND OTIR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
- • : ' - 'Together With - ~- ¦
FERNSTER'S '¦ HUNGARIAN ORCHESTRA.
MATINEE * EVERY > SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY. '
• : « ADMISSION, FREE.' -¦ . . •
CHUTE^andZQO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
Next Amateur Nig-ht Wednesday
\ ] Instead; of Thursday.
GORGEOUS DISPLAY" OF FIREWORKS
j ON FOURTH. OF JULY NIGHT, j
• *..'¦/> < Telephone for Seats— Park* 23.
OF THE
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Springfield
Fire and Marine Insurance Company
OF SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts von the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. I>. 1500. and for the year ending on
that day as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner o'f the State of California, pursuant to
th© provUione of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ...—.....- $1,500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $125,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Morfcrases €16.800 00
Cath Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3.723. 6S4 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bond*. Stocks ar.d other market-
able securities a* collateral 40,525 00
C "h in Company's Office 13.179 70
Cash in Bar.ks --- -- 198.562 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans "••••• w.l« 86
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages i' : i"/,"~ 16>612 "
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
R#>nt* "du'eand accrued — 664 17
Due. from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid L 939 19
Total A»»et« $5,159,623 47
—
LIABILITIES.
losses a dieted and unreid.... ...... $53.667 72
tS m proems of Adjustment or
Losses resisted. lrc:udins expenses... 20,350 94
Gross premium on Fire »'$" ™":
ning one year or lees. $1.3.8.533 58.
reinsurance 60 per cent..^...- 6S4.259 79
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Sins more than cne year. $1,732,-
7M C5- reinsurance pro rata .- 8S5.503 00
oitmnlselon. and Brokerage due and
to become due 78.300 12
Total Liabilltle* $L84O.4S0 06
INCOME.
K Sre^mT^».!!^r! d .. f . O . r ..^$l,94 2 .3 2 () 35
H^e« fcr'interest en Bonds and
Re^eivf d^r' Vnterert ' ud"<Mta£
££«». Stocks. Loan, and from
«J1 other sources j'J|? I?
Received for RenU • <¦«» "
Total Income .$2,123.421 21
BXPENTJirURES.
S1O.H7 IT. lowea. of P«-
iHnus years) • |i,i*z,io7 V)
™SiA to Stockholdere 150.000 00
¦pIa? for Salaries Fees and other
charge* Vor offlrerf. Orks. etc.... 110.745 57
fSHS State. NOlonal and Local
AlT^er"pw : m'^'^*'*° a ''«^ cn< " targ ' 213 - 817 "
Total Expenaitur*. ~ .«.064.46» 75
Tin.
Lowe, lnccrrgd gnring th» year 81.162.469 S«
STA.TEM:E3SrT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of the: —
National Fire
' INSURANCE COMPANY
|-| F HAJtTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
?« m^i. t + u Or T the year ndln^ °" that day.
%tJ?L % % uf Insurance CommJesloner of thi
State of California, pursuant to the provis-
ions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
S&dStoSr* as per blank furnUhcd *y the
CAPITAL.
Airiount of Capital Stock, paid up In
- Cash $1,000,000 00
. ' ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company...... SSSI 7JU <u'
Loans o n Boais and Mortwises....... 708 S15 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3 175 98100
Cash In Company's Office 545 93
Cash In Banks 2sr ?oi is
Premiums in due Course of Collect ' aH '' 0S * "
tJon • :.. 488,971 38
Total Assets $4.992,692 ct
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid j«4 -si m
Losmj In process of Adjustment or •••" °*
In Suspense 139 9B<! 22
Losses resisted, including "xpenses!; 22737 73
Gross premiums on Fire Rl^ks run-
nlngr one year or less. $1,833,464 23;
reinsurance 60 per cent 946 732 1%
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ran- - '
nlnjr more than one year 52,119 -
99: reinsurance pro rata \. I.09S.W7 «4
All other liabilities 165,903 M
Total Liabilities ....$2.458.812 67
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ........•••.••........ $2 tik *ki 19
Received for Interest on Bonds 'and
XIortjrag»» 4L961 04
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 14112' n
Received for Rents S f)2fi m
Received from all other sources 2^781 75
Total Income $2,932,478 83
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
flncludirs J184.196 45, losses of
previous year?) ..;.;: tl S24 nu at
Dividends to Stockholders 120 000 nn
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerap" 467 903 20
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other ,
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 183 241 fift
PnJd for State. National and Local
taxes # 94 54163
All other payments and . expend!-
tures /. 3SS.S48 17
Total Expenditure* $2,745,819 89
Losses Incurred during the rear...... $1.561. 517 0«
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of' Risks ~~
written during the
year $389,426,541 $3,691.385 88
N>t amount of Risks
expired during: the j
¦ »
December 31. 1900.... 401.467,607 4.018.048 2a
JAMES NICHOLS. President.
_ , ,. . B. R. 8TILLMAN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 14th
flay of January, 1901. . ¦
FRED B. SETMOUR. Notary Public -
Sales A&cntsjor Pacific Coast,. San Francisco.
its construction has neisr been equaled — the ALASKA will keep provisions
longer and USE LESS ICE than any other refrigerator.
W. W. MONTAGUE I CO.,
Does I €% 0 / Interest C%
E^/o You ©
That is the saving in ice by using the
TO-NIGHT.... ...TO-NIGHT
Sumptuous Production of the
Great Midsummer Extravaganza,
' B l^m ' ' Dm h * JB El A '
IN THE
.'Written by FERRIS rJARTM AN.
YOU WILL LAUGH r
YOU WILL APPLAUD! |
YOU WILL BE PLEASED!
Filled jto the Brim With Delicious
Music and Funny Comedy.
Cast to the Full Strength .
ol Ihc Big Ttvoli Company.
EVERYTHING NEW and UP-TO-DATE
Evenings at 8. Matinees Saturday at 2.
Popular Prices 25 and 50 Cents
* TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
Dry Goods -^^^P Gompany,
BARGAINS!
FOULARD SILKS.
GREAT REDUCTION IN ALL FOULARDS
TO CLOSE THE SEASON'S IMPORTATION.
FOULARD DRESS SILKS.
BALANCE OF THE 75c and 85c A YflF^D SILKS ARE NOW
FIFTY CENTS.
FOULARD REMNANTS
ALL MARKED DOWN TO HALF PRICE. (v
BLACK SILKS.
ALL BROKEN LINES MARKED DOWN.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Goner Geary and StooHon Streets, San Fransiseo. .
UNION SQUARB.
MAIL OR EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBHiBlBHBBBIUBlHBniBHeBa
¦• LAST DAYS OF \ |
I SEMIANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE f
i ill IS I IrN SI A r i
S /"*¥ i\ A ¥7" i «ti\ i^TT¥1^ ¥¥^k¥T^¥^ i
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE §
¦Tailor Suits, Jackets,, Capes and Skirts g
¦ on Sale at a Fraction of g
¦ former Prices. |
ivLOWEST PRICES EVER KNOWN IN SAN FRANCISCO |
¦ $5 oo Pure Wool Bolero Jackets. $5.00 Pure Wool Black Cheviot H
¦ plaid back, at - r o5c Skirts cut to $2.45 U
H $3.50 Brown Cheviot Jacket, with $5.00 Fancy Trimmed Cheviot jg
¦ velvet collar, to close at... t>5c Skirts are now $2.95 jg
2' $7.50 Black; Eton Jackets, fancv $7.50 Novelty Venetian Skirts at ig
g - trimmed, to close at.. . . . ;?3.95 $3.95 g
H $7-50 Kersey Auto-'Box Coats at $1500 Tafleta Silk Skirts at g
1 "'£: ;;..............{?4.95 $7.95 §
5 $12.50 Raglans cut to $7.95 " $20.00 Taffeta Silk Skirts at ¦
B $16.50 Raglans are now.-:$lO.OO •••••••• $9.95 g
B $5.00 Eton Jackets, lined, cut to $45-OO and $50.00 Silk Skirts, high £
H _ . S2 45 novelties, will be closed out at U
H * " "v""™ "\"v r c •? ' ....$25.00 B
m $7.50 Pure Wool Homesoun Suits _. n w^ «^ o^ H
B for $3.?>5 fcoo Silk Crepe Waists -at $1.9o g
¦ * ':"¦¦¦;¦."¦"¦¦"¦,. r. $5.00 Taf?eta Silk Waists at m
H $12.50 Fancy Trimmed Eton Suits £•"• egi? =
H * ° r "'VI' '^j'"\y t> -i ° $1.75 Amisilk Waists, lined.. at g
BB $20.00 and $25.00 Novelty Tailor ' J 95c B
B Suits cut to $12.95 . •""-*^*V; :"••••• ; B
B * . j * tt- u 1 t -i wo° Pique Suits to close out at m
g $35-00 and $40.00. High-class Tailor J H $1.45 q
I « S^ru?A' tO T''''''''r''r* 1 T D;i A .$6. 5 o'imported Pique' "Eton Suits. »
I $7.50 Child s Long Coats reduced fancy trimrnedj cut to . . . .$2.45 |
B ° 'v'"-' "r-Vli." A '" / ° $1.50 Pique Skirts cut to 65c y
S "$500 Fancy Cloth Capes cut to Z. c „ „- ci •_* * * M
n ....... $1.45 $2.00 Swell Pique Skirts cut to •»
B $5.00 Fur Collarettes cut to $2.45 „. ' * ***** \'I *-" * " " *' ''• " '1 " •'ii H
B I t>- >r- t r~ $300 Silk Moreen Petticoats, with rj
B $15.00 River Mink Capes cut deep accordeon pleat, cut to.... B
S ••• $8.4o ; .#1.45 a
D $16.50 Electric Seal Capes at . $5.00 Silk Petticoats at..... $2.95 |
D c ""auw'\'Vi o, '¦ ° v $10.00 Novelty Silk Petticoats, re- B
B $2.50 Ail-Wool Hamespun Skirts. duced to $4.95 Q
B lined throughout with good . _ , „. ., m
m percaline, to be closed out at $ X -5O Percale Wrappers, with deep ggj
Q ; $1.25 flounce, close-out at.. .....75c q
I 1230, 1232Ti23SaRKET STREET. |
BlHBBBBBBBBaBIBBEEBBBBBaBBaBBBHBBBBSaSESgBBES 33
AT>iy r yp.TT i ?Pi*M KMTa,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMTJSEirasrrs.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
S. E. Corner. Bush and Sansome St9^,
Sf\N FRANCISCO, CJ\lL?
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. Ass't Manager.
. City Agency* 209 Sansome Street, San Fnanciaco,
H. C. AH PEL: & CO., ''Agents.
" i aTw. DAMON 1 . President.
•W. J. MACKAT. Secretary.
Subscribed anfl sworn to before me, this 23d
«•' of J«uary._ AnXT<
WEEK COMMENCING TO-DAY, SUNDAY MATINEE. .XUNE -**O
8PBCAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY, FOURTH OF JULY.
AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL.
\ CLAYTON WHITE AND MARIE STUART /
\ Presenting Their. Successful Playlet, "Dickey," Introducing "Wonderful /
\ Character Changes and Miss Stuart's Famous Specialties. . M
V Direct From Europe. 'f-i, /
Y THE PROSPER, TROUPE /
\ Premier Acrobats of Two Continents. i-^-'.C /
\ BIMM, BOMM, BRRR /
\ The Inimitable Musical Clowns. i
\ Vaude\-llle Debut of First Time on Pacific Coast. /
\ INA ALLEN P. RICHARDS /
\. The -"Vy ell-known Society Contralto. >The Famous Cartoonist. /
\ LA MOYNE BROTHERS /
\ The "World's Greatest Horizontal Bar Performers and Their g
V "I ' Bag-punching dog "Spike." ;--.-v .:¦' ..\-M .'^~
V GARDNER AND VINCENT THE BIOGRAPH/
• In a New Comedy Farce.' " PresentLngr New Pictures. . f.
; \ EMILY LYTTON, CHAS. BOWSER & CO. , /
A^ Presenting Their Up-to-pate Farce. "A "WISE GUY."
Parquet. 25c. any seat; balcony, 10c; children, 10c. any part except reserved; a few front
orchestra rows reserved, 30c; front rows of b-ilc&ny reserved, 25c.TJBUS SAST FKANCISCO CALL, ,SUNDAY, J1JNIS 30, 1901.
28
SAJT FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The- San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and "hird streets; open
entll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street, *epen until 9:80 p. m.
«S» McAllister etreet ; open until »:30 p. m.
KB Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
or.til 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. ro.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. ro.
• Northwest corner Twenty-second ani Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FHlmore rtreet; open until 9 P-_™j_^_
CHURCH SERVICES.
yAT THE STRANGERS" SABBATH HOMfc
(64 3} Howard Ct. Metnodist-Episcop* 1
Chuich Bet. ad & jd Sts. Seats Free.
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
Res. by the Church. Tel. Black ofrx. ¦
ftfWortableseat )
A I f I lurteous greeting > Await yo*
UUrdial welcome >
11 A. M. — Sermon by the pastor,
"My Scuthside Neighbors; Tnelr
Gospel Requirements"; anthem,
•'Holy. Holy" (Spohr); offertory,
oontralto eolo by Mrs. H. M. Owens; Sunday
•ehool and paetor'e Bible class for strangers.
You are all invited. 6 — Young people's rally.
In the evening, 7:30, the world-renowned
orator. John G. Woolley. ln his tour around
the globe, will preach this evening on "Hon-
esty the Best Politics."
210.000 American citizens cast their ballots
for Mr. Woolley for President In the last elec-
tion. No one can afford to miss this up-to-
date eermon. The celebrated dramatic so-
prano. Miss Eudora Forde, will sing "Dost
Thou Know That Sweet Land" from opera
of Mignon. Miss Flora Bolllnger, chorister,
will conduct the music and may sing one of
her solos to the heart. Scats free. All always
welcome.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mls-
slon St., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. S.
D. Hutslnpiller will conduct worship and
preach at 11 o'clock on the topic, "Salt of the
Earth and Light of the World," and at 7:45
In the evening on the topic, "Some Lights
and Shades In the Nation." Bible echool at
12:45; young people" n meeting at 6:S0. Seats
tree and the people welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Pojst and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.
partor. At 11 a. m., a farewell service for
Herbert H. Atkinson, M. D., who Koes as
missionary physician to. Harpoot, Turkey;
Fcrvlce conducted by the pastor; short ad-
dresses. At 7:45 p. m., "A Service of Song";
choir will be assisted by the Masonic Quartet;
address by the pastor, topic "The Dangers
of Infidelity." All are cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
Leavltt minister: Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minister
emeritus; Charles A. Murdock, superintend-
ent of Sunday school. The Sunday echool Is
at 10 o'clock; the morntpr sen-Ice Is at 11
o'clock. .R«v. Hurt Estes Howard of Stan-
ford University will preach; subject, "A Sane
Attitude"; muslo by quartet choir. All are
cordially Invited. There Is no evening ser-
vtesk
TRINITT Church, ccrner Bush and Gough
eta.— Rev. Frederick W. dampen. D. D.. rec-
tor. Holy Communion 7:30 and 11 a. m. ;
morning sen-ice. 11 a. m. Evening prayer,
4 p. m. Friday service at 11 a. m. for army
and navy.
EMMANUEL. Baptist Church. Bartlett st. near
Twenty-third— Morning service 11, "Looking
Toward the East"; solo. "Redemption's
Story." Evening. 7:45. "I Have Played the
Fool"; solo by the pastor. "The Beautiful
Land" (Billhorn). Preacher, Rev. J. George
Gibson.
CALVARY and St. John's Presbyterian
churches worship together at corner of Cali-
fornia and Octavla bus. Rev. George G. Eld-
r*ds» will preach morning and evening— 11
a. nx and 7:45 p. m. Sabbath school. and Mr.
Johnston's bible class, 12:30 p. m. Christian
Endeavor. 8 o" clock. All are cordially in-
vited.
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter st. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject. "Christian Science"; fcun-
<lay school for children at the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free
reading-room, 2M Kearny st, room D10. All
are welcome.
THE First Mental Science Temple meets an
usual ln Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter et. at
11 a. m. Dr. J. M. Case will deliver his lec-
ture on "Expectation." All interested In new
ideas are Invited to be present. Seata free.
Collection will be t&kcn to pay expense of
hall.
SEVENTH Day Adventlst Church. 914 Laguna
st. between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
— Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock by
Elder A. D. Talt of Oakland; subject, "The
Power of Present Day Delusions." A cordial
Invitation Is extended to all. Seats free.
HOME of Truth (practical Christianity), E31
Pine st. near Hyde— Sunday service 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m.; weekly meetings, Monday,
8 p. m.. Tuesday. 3 p. m. All are welcome.
MEETINGS— SUNDAY.
1A-DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN will lecture
this evening on a subject of Interest to the'
people, or "An Old Doctor's Advice on Emer-
gencies ln Life" at Crystal Hall. Pythian
Castle. 909 Market St.; to be followed by
magnificent views of the "Old World." Seat's I
free; no collection.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues.. Frl.. 8 p. m., 00c; you "can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them: give names: has received medals
from many countries; taken la*t world's re-
cord medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkln. 0
A.— I. F. T. Bible spiritual meeting. EOS Mar-
ket et— 11. free; 2:30 and 8 p. m.. 10c; Swarn,
Seeley. Wilson, others. j
WONDERFUli clairvoyant: what he tells
comes true-; send 10c and birthday. -Prof.
John Myers. Lincoln Park Station, Chicago.
STATE Association Fpiritual meeting to-night.
Occidental Hall. Mrs. Llllle. Mr. Gillegple;
testimonial to Mrs. Lillle Friday eve., July 5.
ARNOLD DICKSON— Materializing seance to-
night; astonishing- readings; SOc, $1; spirit
photoe. 14S Sixth st
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium. 1610
Clay *t.— Circles to-night and Wednesday, 8;
Tuesday. 2 p. tn.
MRS. EnERHARDTR te*t circle to-nlKht. 10c.
r::.'» 22d st., between Mission and Valencia;
phone Blue 354.
MUS. BTOHDARD; con\inclng test to all: cir-
cle* ]0r. Sunday. Tuesday; readings daily.
278 Ninth ft
tins. GILLINGHAM's spiritual mertlng, ft
p. m.: bring sealed questions or flowers. SOS
Lcrtrin «t.
MRS. RIim.NEn-Twt meeting to-nlKht: ques-
tions answered and articles read. Z>i Hyde st.
JOHN SLATER'S test peanre to-night. 8:15
•harp. Scottish Hall. 107 Larkln; admiss. 10c.
MRR. EVaNF. 120 Sixth; rir. to-night, (Tp.'m..
10c, and every exy. but Thur.: readings dally.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.: \0r. 148 Sixth St., 2<1 floor.
MME. TOITNG'P demonstration of spirit return
to-night COS McAllster; loc; come, skeptics.-
FREE lecture on palmtstr- with free readings,
•t « this eve. and U>d. eve. 423 Ellis st.
EDWARI* EAnLE. aaslited by Mis* Marion!
in wonderful tests io-nlcht. S2S Ellis.
MRP. VIOARB-TMt meeting to-night, 10c; sit-
tings dally. 148 Sixth st.. room 22. -
MEKTI\CS— t'niverial llrotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
polttlral and non-sectarian)— The humanita-
rian department of U. B. : public meeting
Tuesday. July :, R p. m.. hi 17. B. Hall. 310
O'Farrell rt. ; subject "Crimes and Crimln-
als"; to-night meeting for members only.
HEETIAG NOTICES*
JR. O. U. A. M.— Starr King tf**ft"^ >
Council No. 6 meets every s Ifo I
TUESDAY EVENING ln Fra- llAn
ternlty Hall. Shiels' building. 1 f^PSyT I
32 O'Fa.rrell «t %Bi»a*P
JR. O. V. A. M.— Abraham Lin-
coin Council No. 2 meets every I f_ A ft
THURSDAY EVENING in tkfT*}J*
.Seven Pines Hall. Alcazar C/N^ySJl
building. 120 O'Farrell et 'Vjj^jtT 7
JR. O. TT. A. M.— U. S. Grant ' ffhHk
Council No. 19 meets every FRI- I /*\ H
DA\' EVENING ln Fraternity JwTiV*
Kali. Khlels bulldlnj?. 22 O'Kar- %/^-^M
FOURTH of July. Shell Mound A «• sT
Park. Berkeley— Great gathering 3L ajU)
and frame* of the Kan Francisco ¦« ; A».?t&r
Scottish Thistle Club. Great event ' x2J4fc
$3000 ln ca*h prizes. Elegant and costly
medal* for amateurs. Games open /to all
comers. Phenomenal exhibition of strej^th
by leading athletes of th# world. Special
events for members of Pacific Athletic Asso-
ciation. Picturesque Highland dancing. Ex-
citing bicycle and foot racing. Amusing 1
clown, barrel, three-letrged. obstruction and
pack races. Great Irich Jljr and reel, cake-
walk and buck and wing dancing contests.
Grand open-air concert <• and . fireworks - at '
night Dancing both day and night In pa-
vlollns. Highland welcome to all. Admie-
elon <day). : adults BOc. . children 25c; (night).
ate and 10c. ' Buy your ferry tickets for Shell
Mound. GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
EMPLOYMENT : E 5*~**^f^^
YOUNG . man," good . appearance, _.' experienced
• salesman, means business, . wants quick posi-
> tlon. Box 3485. ; Call. ' - - - ' '
YOUNG man wishes position as bartender; can
' speak English and .German; , has had expe-
rience; city or country."." Box. 4302, Call offlce.
A COMPETENT 'wood worker on general work
, wants a job. .Box 3450, Call offlce.
YOUNG ; man- to ' take care of horses, . drive
milk' wagon or"' do chores; small wages.
. PETER CUSICK, room 55. Clay-st. House.
GERMAN baker, eood' second hand on bread,
wants position. Address 276 . Minna st.
WANTED— By a'' sober and steady man, posi-
tion asvarnlsher. polisher or painter; city or
country. Box 3466, Call offlce. •;
YOUNG man desires a position ln a private
family. ; C. P.. 201 Montgomery ave.
BARTENDER, experienced, references, wants
place, city or country. Address box 3468, Call.
GARDENER, first class, single, of long experl-
T ence In landscape , gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work wishes a situa-
tion on a private place. Box 3523, Call.
JANITOR wants position; 6 years' experience-
references; be content with small salary.
Box 5460. Call offlce. .
WANTED— Situation in a grocery or crockery
store: 8 years' experience; good references.
Box 2263. Call offlce. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by young man 26 years of
age; stationary, portable or traction engines;
I 5 years' experience. Call or address at Wln-
chester Hotel, Third st., room 324.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
, Valencia i»t. '
KEATHERS^RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and. mattresses steamed!
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st. ; phone Capp 2682..
FLATS TO LET.
WELSHTir^MnTbTtlto^n^
Cozy front and rear flats, 4 and 3 rooms each-
new plumbing, painting and papering; rents
$9 and $6 50. ' . .
MODERN flat of 8 rooms and bath; 1S8 Tre-
mo IJt^t**''- : $27 50 - Apvly LANDRY C.
HA11IN, 413 Kearny st.
ELEGANT downtown upper flat; 968 Post st ;
7 roomH and bath; reasonable rent. Apply to
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
$10— SUNNY upper flat, 6 rooms and bath; mod-
ern; 226A Thirtieth st. PATTERSON & CO.,
1.1 City Hall aveo
620 STEINER st, between Fell and Hayes—
Middle flat, 8 rooms and bath; rent reason-
nble; will be put ln condition to suit tenant.
200 NOB: st, corner Fifteenth— Fine upper flat, 6
rooms and bath; rent $22 50; will be put in
first-class condition.
$30-2327 PINE st, near Flllmore; sunny upper
flat. 0 rooms and bath. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, 411 Montgomery st
$25— GRAND fiat. » large sunny rooms; modern
In every respect 1127 Guerrero st, between
23d and 24th.
I 1029-33-35 O'FARRELL st., near Scott-3 at-
„ tractive fiats, 6, 6 nnd 7 rooms each; rents
- reasonable.
2123 PINE— 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine at. -• •
! $6— FLAT. 4 rooms; range; carpet: yard; water
free; fine view; no children. 21 Holly st. 60 ft
from Mission., opp. 33d and Mission.
APPLY Butter. 2300—6 sunny rms. ; appreciated.
if feen; $22 R0; water free; please Investigate.
A— NEW marine view, sunny. 8-rooms, bath.
2414 Van Ness ave.. near Union st.
A 3-ROOM flat with large yard and stables.
2 Hay ward St.. off Harrison, near Eighth.
BRUCE place. 14. off Folsom st. between Sev-
enth and Eighth— 4 rooms and bath; rent $11.
LOWER flat. 6 rooms nnd bath; wooden mantel
and yard; rent $18. 341 Grove st.
RENT $22 50-Mlddle flat of 224 Thirteenth St.,
near Howard; 5 rooms and bath.- ••
SHRADER. 729— Elegant upper flat; 6 rooms
and 3 attic rooms; latest Improvements; $33.
TURK, near Van Ness ave.— Handsome flats;
clone: in; 8-12 rooms; will be finished July 20.
8 ROOMS and bath furnished or unfurnished.
137 Julian ave., near 16th and Mission.
$27 50— FLAT, 7 large sunny rooms; garden.
1S09 Devlsadero st.. between Bush and Pine.
FLATS TO LET FCRMSHUD.
FOR SALE— Elegantly furnished 4-room flat;
•• bath;, near Pleasanton: $350; part cash If de--
sired: rent $22. .710 Jones st.
I FOR SALE— Newly furnished flat 4 rooms and
hath. 411 Ellis st. near Jones.
FLATS WANTED!
WANTED, by family of 3 adults, carpeted or
furnished flat of 6 or 7 rooms and bath, near
Park, or downtown; rent not over $35. Ad-
dress box 001, Call office.
FUUMTURli FOll SALE. .
HOWARD, 1109— S rooms and bath, nicely fur-
nished; on account of departure; selling at a
bargain.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 5 rooms for sale cheap. 10
Miles court, off California st.', near Powell.
PIANO, carpets, beds and chairs for sale, until
July 3, at hours 9 to 5. 1236 Market, r. 116.
FUKNITUUE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
; Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
j price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, l$03 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot rawh.
CHAS. LEVY buys your . furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. 761 Jeneie.
; HKLP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S. .Phone Grant 183
HOTKL.DKPAHTMKNT .'.
Chambermnlcl, springs ' $20
Fancy Ironer, Lake Tahoe, faro paid $25
Fancy iron'er, summer resort ...$30
Laundress, summer resort, fare paid J30
2 waitresses, State of Nevada, fnre paid. .$20
- wnitrescos, n«w hot<>l, Sunta Cruz $20
2 waitresses, springs ...,.$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, nee party h«re.$2'»
Waitress, iViIuch, fare paid |20
Chambermaid to wait, same place $20
Wiiltress, Stockton $20
4 wftttrcHHCH, different places, Mnrln Co.. $23
Wnltrewt, Urnvllle, fare paid $2')
Waitress, Lnthrop 1 , $20
Waitress, Menlo I'nrk $23
4 wnltresscH,. different places, SJumta Co. ...$20
\Vnltre»nrH, mlnlnu towns, fares paid $20
. 2 wnltreiwoH, Ktimm«r rosort, short dtstance.HO
Waitress, ltoclwoo<l City , $21)
Cook, Redwood City $10
OlmmbermHld to wait, same place $23
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ;.•
Cooks, houseRlrls, second kIHs, ranch cooks,
nursn girls enn obtnln positions In this de-
partment at wanes from $10 to $25.
C. It. HANHKN & CO.........,1(H Geary St.
WANTKD— Swedish cock, prlvnte family, $33";
working housekeeper, hotel, country. $23; 4
¦ secf.rul girls, plnln sewltiR, $20," $25; 10 wait-
resses for city nn<l country hotels, "|20, $25; B0
Klrls for general housework, city nnd country;
cnll early Monday; 2 laundresses, private fam-
Illefl, $30. Apply to J. F. UROSKTT & CO.,
318 Sutter «t '; . " . .^ViV.^
MISS HOROAN'R Emp! Agency. 82S Sutter st.
2 cooks for San Rafael..... ...J30
4 housework girls for Oakland $25
4 girls for Alameda and Berkeley $25
,10 housework girls, city....; $20 to $25
3 Bocond girls '. $20 nnd $25
15 young girls to assist ; $12 to $20
AA— SEWERS to take work home on ladies', un-
derwear. • 723 'Market st., 1 room S5.
AA— OPERATORS to work In factory on ladles'
. and children's wear. 723 Market St., room 33.
AA— OPERATORS to take work home on ladies'
and children's wear. 723 Market st. room 35.
AA— IRONERS wanted on ladles' and children's
wear. 723 Market St.. room 35. .^ ' ;
TWO women ;' capable of receiving callers and
making requested calls; good wages; also two
-planUts to play for lessons. Hoover Unlvet-'
alty. of .Physical Culture,. 1313 to 132 1 * Market
;."st; 100-page, beautifully, illustrated catalogue
free.'. .
WANTED— Two Indies, to travel;, salary $18 a
week and all expenses;- no- canvassing; $23
cash security required: -references exchanged.
_ Room, 1C0.' Royal House. ;v .
EXPERIENCED operators and a limited num-
ber for Instruction on high-speed Slni?er sew-
¦ Ing machines. Standard Shirt Factory, Gough
* and Grove sts. ¦•.;:<'.•; ,\-.- .. ;¦ ' - ¦
WANTED— Experienced, i competent girl;., for
;' general!, housework ',' and - cooking; : no . wash-
¦ ing;3 in family;, wages $20. Apply 1018 Green;-
WANTED— Experienced : alteration 1 hands * on
' 5 cloaks : and suits ; competent * to do . first-class
.work. "Apply HALE PROS. -'.. :¦•:.:
WANTED-^German { woman »¦,; for ..'housework.
: 2721" Twentieth st. ; l apply- Sunday .between 6
and 8 p. m. ' .3S)sfl9UMX3MfiBM9M*l
GIRL f> for '¦' general ¦', housework : -• references , re-
¦ quired ; . German orj Swede 1 preferred. •> Call : be-
- tween ,10 nnd ¦¦ 12 ; a." m. ; at ¦. 214 Ftllmore st ¦* ..
IRONERS,' $8 ; per^ week. >' Call : Tuesday at ' St
; Nicholas Laundry.! 3066 Seventeenth st.'
¦ HELP WAVTEn— FRMUiB — -Cow.
NEAT young girl; light housswork: • good
wagea. Apply Monday before noon 642 Steln-
cr st.. near Hayes. . . ¦ ' -
GIRL wanted • for ; plain cooking and - general
' housework ; small family. Call Sunday and
Monday, , 1816 Baker st , ,-
WANTED at once— First-class saleswoman:
must be over 30 and Intelligent Box 3437,-'
Call. '
BRIGHT; energetic ladles acquainted Invest-
ment proposition; money quickly made. Box
3480. Call.: . ¦
WANTED— A lady stenographer who writes a
good hand; salary $20 a month. Address G.
P. O., box 3453, Call.
GIRL for general housework in Belvedere;
good wares. Apply 21 Eleventh st, Mon-
day, from 10 to 12.
WANTED— Waist hands and a young girl to
learn dressmaking at MMB. NELSON'S. 1017
Geary st.
TEN swell dressers; good conversers; good
money; 10 a. m. ". 1063 Howard st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; wagea
$10. . 2116 Lyon St.. near Washington.
APPRENTICE girls for finishing; pay. S. F.
MFG. CO., 523 Market st.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MI-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced girl for bindery: good
wages paid. MYS ELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay.
WOMAN wanted for housework 3 half-days ln
each week. 622 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A lady to assist In light housework;
good home. Call after 2 p. m., 116 Taylor st.
WANTED— Neat young girl In restaurant; good
pay; no experience; close Sunday. 496 Fourth.
WAITRESS wanted; $3 a week. People's Res-
taurant, 631 Clay st.
A HOUSEKEEPER. Call between 6 and 8 ln
the evening at 9 Sherwood place.
GIRL for cooking and to assist In housework;
wages $20. 1023 O'Farrell. .."¦<"¦;¦
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PKRSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— Ladles can make $3 per day during
spare hours; new goods: fast seller; great
opportunity. Box 3472. Call offlce.
GERMAN girl for general housework; 3 adults;
1 child; wages $20. 1904 Octavla St., near
Broadway. . . ¦ ,
GERMAN girl wanted; light housework; good
wages. Call between 2 and 5 p. m., 2314
California at.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; must
have references. Apply S22 Fifteenth st. Oak-
land.
SALESLADY wanted for fancy and dry goods
store. Pox 3473. Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced girl for bindery: good
wagea paid. MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay.
EXPERIENCED front hands on negligee
shirts. 27 Jessie st. fifth floor.
WANTED— Girl care for two small children
and assist with housework. 469 Haight st.
rear.
RELIABLE Protestant girl; general house-
work; treated as one of the family. 232
Dolores st.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 23 Clay St.
GIRL: general housework; must be good plain
washer. Apply 1235 Pine st.
WANTED— Girls who understand book folding
or rewlng. THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. 23 First.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32% Fremont st Apply to
MR. DAVIij.
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Levi Strauss & Co.'s overall fac-
tory. 32V4 Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED-100. girls to label and fill glass fruit
jars. Apply Long Syrup Refining Co., Eighth
and Brannan sts.
2 LADY solicitors; good address; salary paid.
Ladles' Home Journal, 59 Columbian building.
FINISHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
ATTENTION!
Soldiers Attention
Soldiers Attention
Soldiers Attention
Soldiers Attention
/Soldiers Attention
All of you who want work
As railroad teamsters , j:
As railroad laborers ..$2
As railroad tunnelmen i....$2, $2 50
In California and Nevada
• With Free Fare Call
To-day Sunday and Monday
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 10* Geary St.
near Grant ave.
A
SPECIAL
Kaliroaii Men*. .'.... To-day. ...'.'.'.'Railroad Men
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
Teamsters, laborers and choppers
....Wages $2 a day
Offlce fee 50c for to-day only
Free Fare Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO ' 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
To-day, Sunday.'
To-day. Sunday
To-day. Sunday
Wanted, 100O men for new railroad work.....
Teamsters, laborers, choppers, drillers, muck-
ers and tunnelmen for
Uklah
: Nevada
Truckee
....' V. Coast Road I.
Chatsworth Park (Big Tunnel)
Wages from $1 75 to $2 50 a day
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare
2 locomotive firemen, $85; 100 laborers for
ditch and levee work and handling cord wood
for ' large company, $2 to $2 25 a day; 30
teamsters, muckers and choremen, $35, $30
and $25: 10 at>phalt miners and -laborers. 32 a
day and board: 30 laborers, near city, t- a
day; edfrrmnn, $50; 10 lumber pliers. $35,
country sawmill: tool sharpener, railroad
camp, $2 ro a day, free fare; blacksmiths,
country, $40 and $45.
Furnacemen, $4; feeders, $4; helpers. $3;
dumpers. $2-70; car men. $2 70 and $3; labor-
er*. $2 4<l to $3; also mechanics at standard
wages for large mining and smelting com-
pany, north, see boss here.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
' Shampooer. tarings, $35; 10 second Cooks,
broilers and fryers, $60, $50 and $40; young
man with some experience to learn confec-
tioner's trade, country hotel. $:.', and free
fare; ]0 waiters for springs, resorts and
country hotels; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, $30 and $25.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO 104 Geary et.
A-WANTRI) to-day. Sunday
2 locomtlve firemen: railroad work; $65.
C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AT TUB CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
T9 Third St., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers. H. P. Co.'s own work,
L.' A. and Santa Barbara dlv....|t 75, 12 SO
ICO men for Uklah, new road
ro railroad teamsters. ITklah $2 per day
FREE FARE
Office fre for above , $1
10 tunnel men $3 per day
B0 rock drillers $2 50 per day
•IPO laborers ..$2 25 per day
10 harvest hands $2 per day
6 teamsters, city, board at home.... $2 per day
10 lumber pliers $35 per month and board
10. men for rock quarry $2 25, free fare
Swiss cheesemaker big wages
.....Offlce open to-day; (Sunday) till 12 m
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room II
—First-class restaurant short order cook. $75;
night clerk, $15; second cook, $60, for hotel.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. H27 Market st, room 107.
I. "LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1178.
SAN FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
823 Kearny st.— 50 R. R. laborers, Uklah and
Santa Burbara. free fare; 25 laborers for saw-
mill; l.'i ttemakers and woodchopper*; 10 la-
borers for quarry near city, $2 25; nrst-claati
raxor-grlnder, $4 a day.
CIVIL Service Government positions— About
9300 appointments made last year; probably
10,000 thla year; only a common school edu-
cation required; catalogue of Information free.
' Columbian Correspondence College, Washing-
ton. D. C.-
WANTED— Hard rock miners, wages $2 50 per
day; laborers, wages $2 per day; board Is $13
per' month: doctor's fees, $t 25 per month.
Apply to the New Idrla Q. Mining Co Idrta
' San Benlto County, Cal.. JAMES G. FINCH
. Superintendent.
SOMETHING entirely new; the Boston Instl-
tute of Autoshaving: a school for teaching
men the art of shaving themselves. For par-
ticulars call at office, hours 10 to 12 a. m and
1 to 4 and 6 to 3 p. m.. 105 Ellis st, room 31.
WANTED— An apprentice blacksmith for coun-
.try; one who has done some shoeing; good op-
, rortuntty to learn the trade. Apply 27H
Fourth st. city. • V C •* . ¦
WANTED— Reliable younff man with some
¦ cash; $30 month; no experience: no Sunday
./work;. Apply Monday; restaurant. -496 Fourth.-
WANTED— Steady young man to assist gener-
• ally: In light indoor work; $15 per week to
start:. must; have $75 cash., 25 Geary, r. 1.
A MAN well* acquainted in this city; financial
institution; good remuneration; outside work;
references. Box 3481. Can offlce. .
WANTED— Photographer; professional, ama-
. teur or apprentice., to travel. Call after- 2
: p. m.'. at , flltt Market St.. ¦ room 31.
A FEW young men, as subjects before an even-
l.'i,' class In suggestion;; pay. well. Box *M.
¦¦ 1096 ..Valencia "st. ¦¦;¦.¦_'.,¦: '.¦:;.. .-
WANTED— Boy to learn carpenter trade: wages
; $3 per week. Apply. 950 Howard st, 8 a. m.
• Monday.
MEETING yOTICES — <!i>BtlttMa.J_
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 204, I. O. '¦¦
O. F.— Members, please attend our itflr^xL.
next meeting, TUESDAY EVEN-
ING, July 2. Installation of offl- ' f.'"*^-
cere, etc. W. A. HARVEY, N. G.
MEMBERS and visiting brothers are in- jgvtg>
vited to attend meeting: ot Magrnolia^riCSS
Lodge No. 41. A. O. U. W., MONDAYggfS
EVENING. July 1, 8 o'clock. Installa- **BSSP
tlon of officers. M. H. BESSON. M. W.
J. BOWMAN. Recorder. ' ¦ --'.=.• ¦:. ¦ ¦
FRIENDS' meeting at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.:
evening subject, "The Four Judgments.
Sunshine Hall, 928 Harrison st; come.
AGENTS WANTED.
WE will pay any honest man $85 per month
and all traveling expenses to take orders for
the greatest portrait concern in the United
States: your salary will be guaranteed , and
position permanent Address World's Art
Exchange, Dept 206, Chicago, 111.
AGHNTS— Abe Lincoln's yarns and stories,
collected by Col. McClure ; never before pub-
lished; big money-maker; send* for samples;
best terms. THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood
building, San Francisco.
AGENTS-^o you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
anceT Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. -Parrott bldg.
AGENTS can make $2 to $5 per day. Call at
3 Taylor st ¦ . . .
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal.^ 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G W
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
COUPLE without children will board a child
reasonable; object, company; or will rent a
room to a working woman. Box 8452. Call.
LADY with own home would like to board
children over 2 years old; good care. 3218
Sixteenth et
WIDOW with own home near school wishes
children; reasonable. 4023 Twenty-fifth «t.
2 OR 3 children to board, week «r month; best
care;»unny yard;nr.school;reasonable.l607 Cal.
LADY would like one or two children to board.
Address 34 H Mary st • ¦ •
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind boughT Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission at.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A LAUNDRY Is a money maker. A company
is being organized on the co-operative plan
to open a new laundry In San Francisco dur-
ing the next sixty days. The business will
be managed by practical laundrymen who
have a wide acquaintance and are sure of
a good trade of $500 to $800 a week from the
beginning. A small amount of the stock
remains to be sold at $2 E0 per share (par
value $10). - For particulars . call or address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST
CO., 328 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN, 71D Market, nr. Call Bldg.
The leading shoe store in prosperous town in
Sonoma Co.; stock all new. Opened business
Sept., 1900; at Invoice or as agreed; great op-
portunity for a shoe man; stock about $6000.
The leading grocery store ln Sebastopol; the
fastest growing town In Sonoma Co.; good busi-
ness: cheap rent; stock at Invoice; a fortune
for the right man; frcm $2750 to $3000.
Drug store in Santa Rosa; good business; fine
location; $3250. which Is $1000 less than will In-
voice; nothing like It ever offered • ln Sonoma
County; druprlsts. Investigate this.
UARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.
$525— Chicken ranch, 1600 chickens, good house.
$1500— Liquor store: fine comer, near Market.
$350— Ooal and wood yard; good bus; low rent.
J.1250— Grocery & bar; est. 9 yrs: 4 living rms.
SZ'yO — Bakery; 6 living; rooms; cheep rent
$500 — Grocery, fruit; cor. store; no opposition.
We have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S38 Market st
$1500— ESTABLISHED neighborhood grocery;
the property, store and flat, fixtures, stable,
well and all (cost $2400); street work all
done: good reason for selling; a snap.
$1000— A fine candy and ice cream business,
sacrificed for a cuick sale; good paying In-
vestment; heart of town; see it at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,-
\- f v .1 100S Broadway, Oakland.
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market St., near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
I $1000--CANDY store and factory: bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777H Market st
OFFICE— Real estate offlce for sale. JOSEPH
BAILIE, 759 Market st. ' j
A RARE CHANCE" ~~ ~
Wanted — A lady partner t to Invest J3000 to $6000
in a legitimate business that will in a few
months treble the amount Invested: no oppo-
sition : Investigate this at once. Address For-
tune, box 4307, Call offlce. ,'
$200— RESTAURANT; good location; splendid
chance for man and wife; rent $15; receipts
$18 to $24 daily; reason for selling, wish to
engage in other business. 17 Thirtieth st.
600 ACRES of coal land: mines open; price $40
per acre; a chance for a great fortune; sam-
ple sacks to be seen at our offlce. Call or
address MEISTER & OLCOVICH, 812 Davis.
PRACTICAL miner wants partner with some
means to help open rich gold mine; man or
woman; possible fortune for small outlay; In-
terview. Box 3493, Call offlce.
$150— PARTNER wanted In paying established
business; double value in sight; owner wlshe*
to enlarge; investigation solicited. Address
box 4304. Call offlce. '•''.,-
IF you hax'e unincumbered real estate and
want a good paying business, call and see
WAItD & MOSELEY. 20 O'Farrell «t, rm. 1.
CIGAR store that Is used for manufacturing
purpwHi and store combined. Inquire at M.
GLASER. €01 Montgomery st. i- ?.
f 200— PARTNER wanted In light business; $15
to $20 a week each; trial given: no experience
required. 25 Geary nt, room 1. v.r>
$700-PARTNER In butter business; large re-
turns; tight work; Investigate this. Box 3482.
Call.
wool) and. coal yard; fine location; doing good
bUMlncus. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
nqwtre.
WANTED— Man as manager for a fine busi-
ness; must have $200. Box 4306, Call offlce.
A-$7S; HA1RPRESSING parlor; must be sold;
owner leaving the city, lift Eddy st.
FOR dale — Coal oil route, cheap. Apply 22S1
Market et.. between 13th and 16th.
TO plnno manufacturers and others; agency
wanted by pianoforte tuner; willing to pay
fnr Introduction to good district. Box 3469.
Call. .-
FOR fale— An old established grocery store
with a flrst-claEs bar; full Investigation. Call
at store, 215 Fourth st, or at offlce of Retail
Union. 214 California st.
SALOON for sale— Centrally located on Market
it.; dissolution of partnership; great bargain.
F. C. CASTELHUN, 325 Montgomery st,
rooms 3-4.
A ' NEW quick-selling invention: - secure a
county right and make money; patents
nought and sold. WARD fc^MOSELEY. 20
O'Farrell st, room 1.
FOR sale— Fruit business and store to ' rent.
Apply at 450 Cortland ave.
FOR $1300: bargain; fine hotel or transient;
choice location on Pacific st. Including sa-
loon and dancing hall. '34 Montgomery ave.'
SPLENDID store in right location for any
business: low rent LICHTENSTEIN,- 15
Grant ave. .
OUR telegrarh tips on Eastern races are wln-
ners. . 997 Market St.. room 116.
MILK depot for sale cheap. Corner Fifth and
Clara sts.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths" ln
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia »t •.,;..
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia «t. _^ . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. ;
MARION GRIFFIN— Money to loan. 714 Mar-
ket St.; by Call bldg.: tel.' Black 1803.
20 rooms; 3 years' lease; ' rent' $35 $425
100 rooms; averago Income $1200 month; my
• best money-making proposition...... 6500
6-roonvflat: renf$18; 2 r. rented for. $15.. 200
15 rooms: owner occupies double parlors; y t .
cash; bal. Install.; Income $100.:........ 850
35 rooms; fine; brand new; 1 AL.... ...........
60 rooms;. elegant : . rent . $100; ¦ dears ' $200. .6000
$l?00;' will, sell' for .$1000; any amount down;
. balance easy. ' DONALD IN VESTMENT CO.,
'^¦^Y ./^JDENTISTS." \ \J.."\' „ ". ' '"''
AT, the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, '809 Mar-
ket st. cor.' 4th, rm.,7, Flood bldg., you can
- have , your extractions . done ' painlessly ; teeth
-without plates our' soecialty:' gold ¦ crowns,
JS 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2.
p. m. , J.' W. THATCHER, M.D., Manager.
EIGHT prises for best crowns, . plates, 1 bridges
. and fillings; -extractions or- fillings by. my
wonderful secret, painless method ; . 20 years'
, experience ; ¦ no students ; advice free ; • prices
cheapest and guaranteed; -lady attendants.'
DR.. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
' warranted. . Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy , ! st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates. -
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815y, Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolk!135.
DR. H." G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F.- Painless extraction,
50c. N. j Y. . Dentists, 969 Mission, st., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET- of teeth ; , without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. . ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Military School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. '
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER^MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
¦F-. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, telfg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; Individual
instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool , for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. - Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated' with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MF.KRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlning,mech.,sur-
vev, assay, cyanide; day, eve,; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
clsco Business. College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. exp. aect.,. 220 Parrott bldg. •
HEALD'S Business Oo!legre.-24 Post et. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. .
PROF, L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin.^
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st, nr. Oth.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutrl- '
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases. I
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason, j
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
IT IS DANGEROUS to wear glasses that have I
been prescribed by an unqualified optician.
If your eyesight Is falling, or If your eyes i
trouble you in any way, give me a call. Ex-
amination free.
F. MAYERLE, • I
German expert optician and graduate of Chi-
cago Ophthalmic College. Note address, 1032
Market st. San Francisco. ¦' . . .
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds; !
cooks, waiters and house servants. 1 GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.;, tel. Bush 135. '
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, i Chi- i
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072. !
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment . of- '
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5I8S. !
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation In
country; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants a posltlon~at
the springs. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook 1 desires situation;
best J clty ref. MISS CUL.UEN. 825 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from New ' York
wishes engagements In' families; beautiful
gowns made; satisfaction guaranteed. S02
Geary st.
RELIABLE woman, grobd ¦ cook, wishes posi-
tion; general housework; no postals; cltypre-
f erred. Address 7 Hunt St., off Third.
COMPETENT stenographer destre« permanent
\ position. Address box 3486, Call.. • .
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
washing. Ironing or housecleanlng. Please call
1331 Pacific Et., downstairs. •
MISS GILLIGAN'S dressmaker tailor system
taught. 10 Metcalf place, near Mason st, off
Geary.
AS nursery governess— Employment-wanted by
Mills College graduate; competent;- experi-
enced; highest testimonials. Box 3478,' Call.
YOUNG woman, good cook, laundress and
chambermaid, wishes a position, city or, coun-
try. 97 Jessie st.
GERMAN girl wants a situation ln a private
family. Apply 2107 Hearst ave., Berkeley.
GERMAN woman wants position, cooking and
. housework, small family; country. 274 Minna,
near Fourth.
DRESSMAKER with best of reference— Eiv
gaRements by the day; fancy and tailor made
dresses. 10 Metcalf place, near Mnson St.,
off Geary. ¦ -
AN elderly woman— Situation to do light
housekeeping or wait on lady. 118 Grant ave.
WANTED— By nn American woman, a position
as housekeeper or. to do general housework.
Call at 627 Turk st; no postals. ' fc
AMERICAN woman wishes situation I to do
washing, Ironing and • housecleanlng by the
day. Apply at 731 Folsom st. v 1
DRESSMAKER, first clnsa; perfpctlon In flt-
• ting nnd trimming: experienced In best work;
roBtumna remodeled; $1 60 per day In families.
J, P., dressmaker, 1110 Larkln st
DRESSMAKER wants work In families -or na
helper to drpssmnker: lunch only; $160. 8.
M., box 3491. Call office. _.
MIDPLE-AGKn American woman desires plnln
cooking and lluhi hounework. or: working
housekeeper: wajres $3 or $4 per week; call
Monday. 408 Grove St. '
MtPHL-AciKD woman would like to do general
housework or assist; no objection to children.
• Call 22 I'nge st.
A GERMAN girl, 14 years old, wIhIvn position
to do light housework In a Catholic family.
Box 3484. Call offlce. * ' . ¦
LADY would llko work by the day. Address
box 4306. Call offlce. 1. '
A COMPETENT stenographer dexlres a porma-
nent position. Address box 2268; Call, Oakland.
RE8PKCTAHLK elderly Qermnn lady, truth- -
' ful nn<1 ulone, desires to find a good honvj'
as housekeeper for aged couple, smnllfam-
ily. without children. Box 3471, Call. ¦' '
HOUSEKEEPER by. Eastern woman; elderly:
with referencea; neat, economical rook; used
to children and capable of the entire w.irk of
family; wages. $10 to $15. 268 Stevenson at.
-WANTED— As position as managing housekeep-
er.'by a competent woman; has a v little girl;
good references. Call at 1027^4 Market st.,
• room 9. . '
EXPERIENCED seamstress wishes sewing;
$1 RO per day. 1430 Broadway. • •> ¦
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
, wishes engagements for. $2 the day. Apply
MRS. N. WAHLQUIBT, E09 Kearny, St. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 : Third st. near Mar-
ket-200 rooms: 25c to |l 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; conx-enlent and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. | .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH: offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ' been established at 1096
Valencia- st.'-'. ¦.¦¦ »•¦»¦"• ¦¦¦'-.' . ¦ .' , ¦ .•¦ .- ¦ .
EMPLOYMENT. WAXTED-^MALKl
AN experienced oil-well' driller 'wants 'position;' '
' ca,n i give > references as • to : ability. • Address
R.; room 69. • Golden \ West •¦ Hotel. ¦ ¦ .
SITUATION ..wanted by engineer; 15 years' ex-
r.perience In the city on'Corllas engines." high-
, speed and electric, machinery, elevators. : Ad-'
' dress box; 3455, Call.- .,; 1
CARPENTER wants -steady work; la good all-
; round man ; i prefers . shop or estate . work ; J ref-'
.. , erence. ..Address box 3183, r Call, for>l ; week. '
SOLICITOR— Competent man "wants .to work a
specialty -scheme; mechanlealor merchandise;
no house ,to house work. '«.- Box i 3459.) Call.X- ..,
SITUATION^wantediby sober, i industrious, sin-'
¦ gle SwIbs: unriars tan cis care of horses, >rlgs.'
..lawn.i milk and 1 Is handy, around private resl-
t dence ; 1 good ; references. ; ' Box . 345S, V. Call/frj ; r>"
COACHMANj engaged | for ' short ¦ time i seeks en-
gagement with; flrst-'class family;? good* pay;:
1 : no , . gardening; K good:; references. f. Address,
? stating terms,, box 2263; Call Offlce, Oakland.
LODGING i- HOUSES FOR SALE— Con;
45-ROOM house: clears' 1200.":.. ..........$2000
84-room boarding-house...........;.......'... 7500
70 rooms; country hotel and bar...* 800
<8 rooms, on Mission sU 250
10- room corner flat .....' 250
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms, on Eddy st. 400
32 rooms, on Market st... .................. 1700
S3 rooms; corner 1800
15 rooms, ln Oakland.... 450
18-room house; sure to clear $100..... 700
¦88 rooms; all rented; clears $175....;....... 2000
26 rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1900
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears $140 1200
10 rooms; very central: on Taylor st...... 400
16 rooms; near Eddy st; new furniture.. 1350
600 other houses, from $50 to $10,000.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st; opp. Fifth.
A. CAMERON & CO.. — -
850 Market st. and 8 Stcokton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains. . :
45 r.; rent $160; good, perm., trans.; Al loc. .$2500
89 r.; rent $125; oak fur.; 1st fl.offles; Mkt. 2250
84 r.: rent $110; good loc.; fur., crp. clrs. $150 2600
16 r. : rent $45; good fur., carp.: sunny 850
18 r.; rent $85; good fur., carp; large yard.. 1250
12 r.; rent $58; new fur.; clears $55 ....1350
23 r.; rent only $75: good fur. car. & loc. off. 1600
We have over 500 houses listed. ' Call before
buying; money loaned on deferred payments;
1H Per cent. :
• ".... FISHER & CO.
• ••••' 935 Market: phone Folsom 1342.........
75'rooms; price $5000 42 rooms; price.... $3300
.26 rooms; price.... 1900 30 rooms; price 2250
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60: price.... 1500
• 14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. 750
We have over 300 more, any location, kind or
price, at bargalns'and hurried sales. '.-'
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house ln
the city, and pay for It
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 MARKET ST.
20 rooms; asktng $500; make offer; sacrifice.
33 rooms; corner; part cash $1800
66 rooms; rent $100; a money-maker. . . . . . 2100
20 rooms; large yard; rent $75 1500
BOO other houses from 4 to 200 rooms.
TH.E largest and ¦ best list ' of 1 lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of >
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911; ¦ . ' -
17 ROOMS— Furnished new 6 months ago; cost
$375— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; • furnished.
8644 Mission st.
gPIRITUAJLISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellls-
st. car; sit. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 24M.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnhnm. the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice ln
all affairs ln life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated : mining a specialty; cir-
cles 8un.. Wed.. Frl. eve.: letters answered.
Residence (no signs), K McAllister st.
JOHN SLATER-Clrcles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternoon, IMS: sittings dally. 10
to 4, except Sun. 1803 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MLLE. M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant,
medium, of Paris; speaks English, French,
German; sittings 9 to 8; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c; readings dally EPc.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, i» a. m. to 8 p. m.; 60c. 215 Lvworth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 1Z41H Market st
EDWARD EARLE, 828 Ellls-Readlngs daily;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, ¦ sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY. ¦-".'-' -1:1,
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead: happiness and success
go hand ln hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for a lack of fore-
sight Into the future. If you are tn trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled ln life, consult ISMAR, for she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame and her name
has become a proverb tn thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can
be consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.,
Sundays by appointment only, at her offlce. IMS
Market st, opp. Sixth. '•• By mall three ques-
tions answered, $1. Full life reading, ?5.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT AND HIGH
PSYCHIST— He tells your name, condition,
desire, hopes, etc.. without asking a single
¦ question; . cures diseases without medicine:
shows you how to avoid bad luck and how
to make .yourself lucky; reunites the sep-; ,
a.rated; makes harmony ln your home; gives
accurate advice on all business affairs, in-
vestments, mining, oil; readings by mail;
send stamps for terms. 125 Turk st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit, $150. 126 Turk.
NAAMAN. Russian r.eer and palmist satisfies
when others fall, all affairs life, business or
disease; no charge unless perfect satisfaction.
826 O'Farrell st. ; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. rn. •
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny: never
falls; 25o Rnd BOc. 1203 Mission st, cor. 8th.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists J names and dates: L. 25c; O. 50c: mall $1.
Him Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clnlr.. palmist; advice on
all affairs; messages from dcnartwi friends;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1 1523Vi Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian (typsy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts. dnt»s:satlsfaction nvmall;
inclose ittnmn. 1382 Market, op. Odd Fellows.
MME. WALTERS, preat card reader: ladles 25c;
gents DOe, 951 Mission, nr. 1th; open Sundays.
Mrs. Mullory. clairvoyant ''aril reader: whi>n oth-
ers fall consult nr.e; L. 2Rc, O. BOc. 917 Howard.
MRS. BROWN— Clnlrvoynnt card reader; ladles
25c; rents Cflc. 182 Sixth st. •
MIIS.MELVTTjL. well-known clairvnyantwster
reader. 11. Rth;German spoken;tel. Howard IRlfi.
MME. BERNARD, 17 3d st. gone on vacation;
will return noon: watch paper for ad.
MMB, .SCHAFFER. clairvoyant. c»rd reader;
sittings dally. 448V4 Jessie st. bet 6th and flth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; troth or no pay; 25c. 1148 Mission,
MMIC. RAVENNA reads life flucntiv; buslnet*
advice; names given; 25c up. B Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 11,
postage paid. . ¦ - . -.- --•. '
CARPIST nEATINO AND j CLEANING.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
¦end to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 3K8-8S7 Tehatna st. : t»l. Pouth 40.
BEATI.NO. 8c; laying, 3c renovating. 5o up;
' work Kimrsntexi. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prlcei
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 288.,
CONKLIN'H Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. OEO.-WALCOM. Proprietor.
JONES A CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovatora. 25-27 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 1061
CITY 8team Carpet-Beating Works.' O. H.
STEVKN8. micr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 260.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. 8TRAT-
TOV.il Eighth st: telephone Jessie 944. ,
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLJLECTIOW^OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY' 8 Agency— No charge un-
less successful Room 810. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES; TO LET.
TO let— Nice cottage of 6 rooms ' and • bath ;
- large rarden. ¦ Inquire at 1104 Valencia st,,'
near Twenty-second. ¦' ....'•' '.'.'.:
FURNISHED cottage, 5 rooms, bath, . piano;
coal and gas range; garden, yard., 3035 23d st.
PERRY. 212. bet. 6th and 6th— Sunny cottage. 4
rooms;. rent $10.V, . V' ...¦- 'j ¦¦.:'.
$14 AND $18—2 :¦ modern <' sunny ; cottages. . Do-
• 'lores sf, bet. 19th and 20th;. water free.: 1 ' . .
. COTTAGES WANTED.; [, ¦'¦'.. :" ¦'
WANTED-^-To - rent - In Alameda,'' Oakland ¦ or'
Berkeley, .. 4 h or ' 6 '¦ room ' cottage .or \ ntt - fur-'
nlshed ; convenient ¦ to trains. *¦ Address, stat-
:|ng particulars.-, box 8495. Call of fice.'j- ¦ ;'¦
I DETECTIVE * AGENCIES, j; .".
ilcC ABE* S J Detective ¦ Agency • handles all legl~
. I tlmate detective business; I divorce' casts : posi-
tively refused. : .-. Emma?- Bpreckels <•>, binding,"
/ room* S33.S2C Sao Francisco: : tel; Bout* 881. ,
HELP WA5TEP—MAli&~Coa.
MURRAY & READY; Phone Main 5848. ,
....Leading Employment Agents
....Special To-day (Sunday) *
Special To-day (Sunday) •
: Office open at 7 a. m.
! .'...Special To-day- -Offlce fee 50c
We ship R. R. men to-night— Fee 50c....
75 teamsters. .irkiah.. Ship to-night.. Free far»
20 laborers, Ukiah wages $3
Truckee Shasta Nevada
Free fare Ship to-night
A carload of laborers for S. P. R. R. Co.'s
own work; coast road; Surf, Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles and other divisions; ballasting.
steel, surfacing and other gangs
SHIP TO-NIGHT wages $1 75 to $2 BO
To-day (Sunday*— Offlce fee 50c
...Wanted to-day (Sunday)
Sunday
MECHANICAL HKLP
Saw filer for sawmill; see boss at our of-
flce 11 a. m. Sunday; $3 day and found
2 locomotive firemen; see boss here
' 3 stone masons, country; long Job
2 stone cutters; no tools needed; country
ranch carpenter. $40 and found; plumber,
ranch. $40 and found; blacksmith, mining
town, see boss here. $3 day; holder in boiler-
shop, blacksmith, machinists, pipe fitters,
boileraakers, molders. helpers and laborers.
....TO-DAY (SUNDAY) AT 10:30 A. M
Tee boss here; 29 men to work ln woods and
logging camp wages $40 to $65 and found
See boss here..... Sunday 10:30 a. m.
75 men to work In hay and harvest fields,
ranches, farms, orchards, etc., $25 to $60 and
found; 58 milkers, different dairies. In all
parts of State. $30 to $40 and found: 23
choremen and boys, private places and
ranches. $15 to $30 and found
5 pruners, orchard $26 and found
10 fruit pickers; man and wife, orchard
$50 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
5 deckhands, boat .....*40 and found
3 laborers to truck goods $40 and found
Teamster for a mine, S40 and found: steady
Job: 2 locomotive firemen: saw filer and ham-
mermen, see boss here. $150 and found: well
digger; handy man on ranch. $30 and found;
¦ 5 single hand miners. $75; 2 machine miners.
$75 and found , •
150 laborers for different mines
$30 to $73 and found
6 more muckers, good mine $3 50 day
10 laborers, quartz mine $60 and found
HOTEL AND OTHER HELP
Ranch cook, see boss here to-day (Sunday)
10:45 a. m •
Cook. Institution, country $40 and found
Cook, R. R. camp, see boss here — Free fare
2d cook. mine. $40 a.nd found: cook's helper,
mine. $30 and found; 13 ranch cooks. » camp
cooks, 4 cooks, private families; 10 waiters,
city and country: 4 bakers, dishwashers,
kitchen hands, porter, city hotel, and thou-
sands of other places too numerous by men-
tion; come and read bulletin boards and get
one of our printed lists —..
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
MURRAY & READY. 634-838 Clay St.
ENGRAVERS wanted. California Photo-En-
graving Co., 613 Market St.; steady work;
highest wages. _____^
TEN Al fluent talkers, good dressers. Monday.
9 a. m.: big money. 10S9 Howard st.
BARBER wanted; steady work: $13 guaranteed,
FRITZ. 1128 J st., Sacramento, ;
WANTED— too quarrymen and rock driller*.
Apply 232 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A young man to do porter work.
Apply at any time 80 East st.
GOOD boy to learn bookbinding. MYSELL-
ROL.LINS CO.. 22 Clay St. '
DISHWASHER ln a restaurant. 1733H MiMloa
street.
BOY wanted, office and collections. Address
R.. box 4303. Call office.
WANTED— Bright boy from 16 to IS yeart of
age. Apply at HALE BROS.
HANDY man ln baltery. 435 Ellis at.
YOUNG man to go on the road; $150 mo.; $600
required. 906 Market St.. room 8.
. WANTED— Dishwasher at 1306 Kentucky St..
Potrero.
BOY wanted at electrical works. Fifth and
Point Lobos ave. ; apply before 8 o'clock.
TWO good coatmakera an<l one pants maker.
Presidio, near guardhouse.
PAINTERS wanted at 2S0B Sixteenth st.
BOY that speaks German. J. HUSCHLEK, 3066
Twenty-tlfth St.. near Harrison.
WANTED— A good man to work at lunch
counter. Tlvoli Cafe. 18 Eddy st.
GOOD general blacksmith: steady work. Ap-
ply to J. OSHER. 17th and Vermont sts.
WANTKD— LI thegrapbic engraver for plan
work. McNEIL BROS.. 354-364 Hayes st
DISHWASHER, small restaurant; good place.
152S Polk St. V*
WANTED— Good first-class night dishwasher at
304 Mason st
WANTED- Married couple to take charge of
first-class family hotel In country on line of
railroad; one with grown son or daughter pre-
ferred: references required; must have some
capital. Address box 3474. Call.
WANTED— Steady, reliable and experienced
German as driver for bakery wagon. Box
3475. Call office.
WANTED— Industrious men and women In
every town to work tor us at home. No
canvassing. We will send work any dis-
tance. Have several lines of work to flv«
out; some requires no experience. If you
can't devote the whole day to our work,
you can enrn $5 or 16 a week by working an
hour or two evenings. Address Standard
Mfg. Co.. 143 West 23d St.. New Yorfc.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push:
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
; room 412. Parrott building-.
2C0 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. S-1TH CD.. 123 iSMs st
TRUSTWORTHY persona tn each State to
manage business of wealthy corporation; sal-
ary $1S cash each Wednesday from head-
quarters; expense money advanced. Man-
> ager, 335 Caxton bulletins:. Chicago.
WANTED— A drug clerk at 74 Jackson st.
100O MEN wanted— Teamsters, rock drillers,
tunnel, brush and shovel men to wor* nn
ditch and pipe line being constructed for tha
Sweepstake Mining Co. near Weavervtlli*.
Trinity Co.. Cat.; apply on work; steady
work, good board and best wages tn State.
San Francisco Constriction Co.. 26 Mont*
gomery st.. room 25. San Franc'.sco. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. V.
B. Navy; able-bodlea. unmarried men ot good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than I feet 4 Inches and not over ( feet 1
Inch, able to rend and speak English. For
further Information apply to tho Recruiting;
Office. 40 EM!» «t. Pan Francisco.
WANTED— Men to learn hnrber trade; $TO
monthly paid our graduates: two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urday*; diplomas granted; busy season now;
rail or write for our specl.tl offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— At Matter Baker*' Protectrr* As.
¦ociatlon. foreman, second and third bread!
bakers: also confectioner*; good pay; penna-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Rd Rolkln. Reno Kons* proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 lar«>
rooms; 25c p*r nl«ht: $1 to $3 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULUS.
Past Commander Gen H. Thomas Post No. S.
O. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
GRT your shoes half-aoleci while watting; 2So
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ship* for all parts~o£
the world. HERMAN'S. 2« Steu.trt st.
MeDONALD A PERRY have- BOO palm second-
hand shoes for sale; BOc. 241 Third St. •
ALL sizes men's shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d «t».
WANTED—SCO men to buy new and 2nd-han4
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25o night; reading-rooms; free-
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CH «?.^ P £ ST aml bellt ln America— The Weekly
Jr.: j ?' P* 1 *"- wnt tn *ny address In th»
United States or Canada one year for $1
HORSES j AXP WAGONS.
WANTED-300 saddle- broke geldings, B to S
years old. 15 hands 1 Inch to 16 hands, solid
TOTEr/ffiSKA-.T R0OKER or JOH * J -
40 HORSES for tale; also wagons, buggies.
£?, rt j?,' harn ««- Grand Arcade Horsa Market.
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
N P' W rubber-tire surrey, «X«: handsoma
double harness; sound. gentle young thoroush-
bred. broken to saddle and harness; good busl-
ness buggy; all: $300: win sell part. 123 Geary.
DURHAM cow for sale. 132 Ninth ave.. Rich-
mond district. 1 • •
harness. 1202 Mission ft. room 2.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
. pacers. ,Zi Howard st.
A i£ *!£»* ° f ??. so v ]> u ** lM . c»rts. harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & FOX, 2117 Mlsalon st
* N «™i^i * x P r « s / ¦ w »*on.- single: atao light
camptrr w»«nn. for »«u» rh«nn. S32 Mission.
HORSES WANTED. (
HORSES wanted -to work on scraper lob" fnur"
or. flve months' . work. Apply- at , W^atS
ery st., room 25. . .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 30. 1901.
29
MPSICAIi INSTRUMENTS— -Con.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos.' $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts . San Francisco : . corner Broadway and
Thirteenth . st, Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters,
814 Post st. opposite Union square. • Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and ail
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post at., between Stook-
ton and Powell. ¦ . ¦
ANY -piano sold by us .taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & I CHASE, 80
O'Farrell st: established 1850. ¦
A LIET of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling, $75. $125, $145. etc. ; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.,
Chlckerlnsr, Vose. Sterling Agency: - also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes: great bargain; $50 .up; rents $2
up allowed; we want events: pianos furnished
free: you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.
IF you wish first-class repair work done call
nnd inspect our factory. BYRON MAUZY,
303 Post st. . .- . ' . -
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Haves ft
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright 217
Geary st. room 88. ¦ ' ¦. '
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
AlHsW st. .
AT WILSON'S FTORAGE. 170G Market at. you
can srot storaee pipno* alTnost for a song.
FIT^ton violin?, sclthers". old and new. H.
MT't.T.F'R. mnVer. ? T.^th •<•«»>'•.««.
MUSIC DOSES.
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Mcnaco. expert, and the
beet repairer and msker on the coast for 15
years: fine Swiss an.1 American nwsle boxes
a specialty. 7S1 Market st.. bet. 3d and 4th.
fouth side: thoroughly understands his.busl-
r»<r« g^ {>,„ rleht r>»>-tv tn d»nl with.
OFFICKS AM) STORES TO LET.
LTGHT. cheerful bfflres: $15 and $20. Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
STORE and 5 living room*: sunny, modern.
3£0K f5»ventppnth Ft. near Pnnchez.
OIL. '
CALIRTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on .2120 acres of nil land 'In - nine
districts. Office. 23 and *4 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance «t 10c; big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hnnd. Ip g<v>d nrder: all
sizes: cheap. H. «. WHTTF.. K1< M»««'nn «t
OIL LANDS.
OFFER wanted for 20 acres patented land; sec.
13-29-2S. Kern -Co. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broad-
w»y. Oakland.
PALMISTRY.
M^ET~G^miAi[N^r^he^nilne*s "palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 90S Market st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor St.. bet Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
readlnc: lessons In claa» and nrlvat*.»R17 J«n»n.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
house painting: good reli-
able work. n.rVi. M<t LurV'n- t»l.Lsrkln 1<*«
PERSONALS.
CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION Co",
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co..
Is now building its great ship of the air at
Its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts.;
a limited number of shares for a limited time
is now being offered to the public at $2 per
share at its office, 306 Pine st.. room 3; call
for particulars.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St., and you
' will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular. !
A GERMAN lady, middle-aged and no encum-
brance, would like to make the acquaintance
of gentleman of suitable age: object matri-'
mony. Box 2267, Call office, Oakland.
RAG carpets wove to order and ' for sale, also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.Oakland.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
•free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market st. between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second St.. N. Y. ¦
INVALIDS wishing to soon regain health will
find best care and treatment at S01 Franklin
St., near Hayes: also homelfor ladles before
and during confinement. i
ALL should have their hair shampooed I this
warm weather; it is restful. MRS. E. R.
DUNLAP.hair and scalp specialist3t Kearny.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
MEDICAL hvpnotiam taught, nervous diseases
and habits cured. PROF. G. A. ESTER-
BERG, 141 Powell st. . ¦¦
A PRETTY, blonde girl baby for adoption.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
ADVERTISER wishes engagement to walk on
water and similar act. Box 3476, Call office.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: -restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
BOHEMIAN Dermatological, r. 3, 131 Ptost—
Electric needle used; hair and facial treatm't.
POISON oak cured In one application or no pay;
> satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st. ¦
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191.
TAILOR made suits $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. i
i Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat. : electrolysis; 17 years" exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of flee and residence,
1021 Market at., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: ' see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
:. PHYS10GXOMY.'
FREE lectures by Mary O. Stanton.- 810 Leav-
enworth— Faces read from the audience; Mon-
day. 8 o'clock; Thursdays at 3: lessons given.
• PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over . 50 names of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for. sale.
Particulars address Physician, ; box 1950, • Call
office. S. F., Cal. ¦ '
PROPERTY WANTED.
HAVE you vacant property for sale? I can deal
with you if price and location are right. Box
3468, Call office.
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? I want to build
a home; state price and location of lot; cash.
Box 3489. Call office. "
REAL ESTATE — CITY— -FOR SALE.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.*.
Real Kstate Brokers,
Nos. 41 and 42 Chronicle building.
MUST BE SOLD.
Cheapest buy on earth; only $700 cash. re-
quired; business property; store and 4 rooms
in rear; high basement; driveway extra large;
lot 33x125; on Valencia st., the continuation of
Market st, and the only outlet to San Fran-
cisco; bank mortgage of $2300 can remain. c ¦
• $5500— Baker st, corner, near Golden : Gate
Park ;' choicest location, in Western Addition
for flata; 25x100. V^^^itf* 8 ***!
$20.000— Howard st, near'2d; 35x80: substan-
tial , 3-story building ; • rents $90.
CHEAP LOTS. »
$2200— McAllister, near Baker: 25x137:8.
$11CO— Church, near 18th; 27x88.
$900— Collingwood, near 18th; 27:6x105.'
$1100— Twenty-second, near Castro; 25x114.
$2150— Stelner, near Waller: '25x91:6.- ¦-. . •
W. F.AMBROSE & CO..* ¦
, Nos. 41 and 42 Chronicle building.
FOR sale — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath: base-
ment; cement sidewalk, gas, etc.; lot 2fxS5;
price ,- $2000; $700 cash ; $1,100 ¦ bank mortgage
can remain; a bargain. Apply i to owner, 4313
'-.Twenty-fourth, at, near Douglass.
Portland
. MEDICAL— —Continued.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1123
Market, bet Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market, ladles'
special lsts: 82 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at of flee;, patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. . 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable; 25 yrs experience; treatment guarant'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
FOR -jALG.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
-pecend hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on band; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1C17. 1019. 1021, 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT of best sllyerplated Rogers Bros.' new
goods, several dozen spoons, forks. Ivory,
plated and Dearl handle table knives, ivory
and pearl handle carving sets: cream, soup and
berry spoons; fish and oyster forks, butter
knives, nut nicks, 2 shaving mugs, syrup
pitcher, pudding dish, castor and many other
things; must be sold at once. Come Mon.,
Tues. and Wed, to 1211 Adeline st. Oakland.
JUST arrived — Llewellyn bitch and pups,
Irish Betters and cocker spaniels; also a fine
lot of choice lap dogs; prize- winning St.
Bernaid and bull terrier pups; must sell, as
overstocked: open Sundays and evenings at
College Kenneis, 115 Haight St.; phone Page
1472.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
frlnes, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. ?16 Spear st.
OI E Ice box for drawing cool beer, $3: nickel
plated hot water heater. $T: phonograph with
36 records. $13. 625 Howard st.
EXTRAORDINARY large majrrriflcent Swiss
i music box: must sell; rare chance. 103 Grant
; ave. ¦ . I
! : |
! A— $3 f.0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu- ;
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine. '
AT 3c a roll, good wall/paper; paper-hanging,
painting. 1302 Webster.; tel. Jackson 1321.
FOR sale— 1\L dozen black Minorca hens. 213
Palmer st. near Chenery.
FOR sale — Moving picture machine and films;
cheap. Box 512, Oakland, Cal.
FIREWOOD, $2 per load, delivered. Phone
South 375. E. C. PITCHER. 6th and Hooper.
THOROUGHBRED fox terrier pups for sale.
253S Tolsom st.
FOR SALE— Cocker spaniel; cheap. 1131 Union
street.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomery st
8 VERY nice parrots from Panama. $5 each.
E24 Greenwich st.. near Powell.
COUNTERS and showcase cheap at 809 Va-
lencla st.
FOR sale— Cash register: $50. 292 Valencia st.
S FINE St. Bernards, male and female; owner
leaving city. 2324 San Bruno ave.
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st, San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 60. 109 Montgomery st. •
ONE 4-horsepower Covey engine; one 2>4-
horsepower Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. SIS California st.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein, 5SS Mission.
Gasoline or distillate enpln^. new & 2d hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 66 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
WE par big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton Et.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A KLEIN still pays the best price for clothing,
bric-a-brac, etc. 109 6th; phone Folsom 1094.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dresses. 134 Sth : tel. Folsom 2322
•'•>..-' . MONEY TO LOAN.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market St.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~ ~~
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN. j
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages,
J undivided Interest, real estate in probate;
mortgages and legacies bought; no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN, £4 Montgomery st, room 3. ;
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
et.; tel. Main 1641. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable patty. 1170 Market st, room 68.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate;strictly private. Llck.116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r 1.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Saneotvie St., room 2. .
THE TousHy Company; loans and discounts.
821 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE have decided to offer every one who buys
a new piano from us during the month of
July a special cut in price amounting to
about 30 per cent discount for cash purchases
and 20 per cent on installments where all
payments ara closed up within two years;
' our regular iirices have always been consid-
erably lower than many houses charge for
same class of goods and there will be no
raise to offset the cut; Just think what this
means to you— a $500 piano for $330, $400 for
$2S0. $300 for $210: call and see the Instru-
ments. Decker. Baumelster. Smith & Barnes
and Marshall & Wendell. .THE ZENO MAU-
VA1S MUSIC CO.. 769 Market. Bt. ¦
LUDWIG planes.
Steck pianos.
Hardmon pianos.
Packard pianos.
Everett pianos.
They are the best and for tale only by the
new piano house. WILEY B. ALLEN CO..
933 Market St., 8. F. (Oakland branch. 931
Broadway.) !______
BARGAINS— Haines, J290; Kramer. $135; Kleu-
mann $140; Cable, . $175. TT. C HAMILTON.
8 Flood bulldfnc.
SMALL upright piano for sale cheap. .Apply
Sunday 210 Fifth ave., Richmond district;
no a;ents. ¦'!... . '. ¦.
TO introduce old-established piano; guaran-
teed; special offer first customer. - Box 3479.'
Call office. ' .
ELEGANT standard upright piano: little used;
party leaving city; sacrlflce. 782 Ellis st. '
WANTED— Steinway upright: good cash price
for good piano; no dealers. Box 3319, Call. '
GOOD second-hand upright ( for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister Bt. .. ' ¦ "
LEFT on. sale. Chlckerlng ' upright Ilka new,
$183. Room S3. 217 Geary st -
A SPLENDID Steinway; uprights $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENNV208 Post jit.
$80— FINE upright; baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory .-> 1729 .'Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand. upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNO'S, 216 McAllister.
REAL ESTATE— CITT— FOR SALB.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
- , 218-220 Montgomery Street.
RESIDENCE NEAR TOWN.
$9000-^-Leavenworth st, near Clay; lot 30x100
; feet.
CORNER, NEAR MARKET AND SEVENTH.
$30,000— Lot 75x125 feet; good Improvements:
renting for $225; for full particulars call
' at office.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
* $7000— Clay st. near Baker; 2 modern flats, 6
•> .and'7 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 feet
front;, a rare chance.
$23,000— Splendid business corner: close to City
- ' Hall;: transfer point;, substantially lm-
. "proved and In fine condition; rent $200
,\! per month; always rented; large lot.
,' ' W" : :\ FIFTH STREET.
$4000— Lot 25x100 feet, with good Improvements;
front and rear house; rents $25; mort-
:!";¦/.(- gage $3000 can remain if desired.
i FINE NEW RESIDENCE.
$6500— Waller st.,: near Masonic ave.; lot 25x
137:6 feet; 2 stories; brick foundation;
¦ 10 rooms and bath.
BIG BARGAIN.
$28,000— Northeast corner Sixth and Clementina
' \ sts.; lot 25x80:6 feet; two stores with 22
rooms above; rent $160.
LOOK AT THIS TO-DAY.
$1850— Cost $4CC0; bay-window cottage ot six
. rooms, bath and basement; 3619 Twen-
. ty-flrst st, between Church and San-
chez; lot 50x114 feet; a great chance to
get a' house.
~ ¦ ¦ ' MARINE VIEW— BROADWAY.
$14,000— North side of Broadway st, , near La-
guna ; residence of 9 rooms and bath;
¦ ' ¦" lot 32:6x137:6 feet, with unobstructed ma-
rine view. . - ¦ ¦. .
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
$20,000— First floor, living room, finished In
Spanish cedar, dining room in oak,
kitchen and butler's - pantry: second
floor, five bedrooms and bath, porcelain
tub: attic, four bedrooms and bath, un-
finished attic for trunks; basement floor
concrete; two finished rooms; laundry,
wine closet, furnace room.
SACRAMENTO-ST. LOT.
$1500— North line, near Laurel st; lot 25x100
feet: street work all done: very good
neighborhood.
PAGE-ST. CORNER.
$16,000— New flats; rents $142 50 monthly; a very
good investment; 6 tenants in all: lot
37:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and can be
increased.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$13,000— Two-story building; rents $110; a fore-
closure sale.
:. THIS IS A BARGAIN.
' $8500— Northeast corner Central ave. and Clay
st; lot £0x100 feet.
| -
LOOK AT THIS INVESTMENT.
$22,500— O'Farrell St., near Hyde; two houses;
rents $140; lot 45 feet front; a positive
bargain and must be sold.
• = ¦
VAN NESS, NEAR PACIFIC.
$S500^ — Van Ness ave. residence; bargain: lot
alcne worth the price; contains 9 rooms
' and bath: near Pacific ave.; lot 25xli'O
feet .
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7000 — Rents $92. per month; south of Market
St.. between Third and Fourth; call at
our office for full description.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
109 Montgomery at.
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
On north side Vallejo st, between Scott and
Devisadero sts.; size 34:4x137:6; price only $5500;
splendid marine view.
Rents $63, price $7000; 3 flats on Howard st..
In good condition; new sanitary plumbing, etc.;
between Tweltth and Thirteenth Bts.: lot 25x
137:6..
FOLSOM-ST. CORNER.
This side of 8th st; lot 52:6x94 feet: store and
flats rented $95 monthly: price $12,000.
CAPP STREET.
8-reom cottage on Capp st; 30- foot lot; price
$4000.
WASHINGTON. NEAR VAN NESS.
Fine old residence: could be turned into flats
at 'mall expense; large sunny lot; a good buy;
price fSoOO.
IN THE MISSION.
2 flats on Twenty-flrst st, 5 rooms each; rent
$27; price $3250.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
On Sacramento St., near Webster st: key
lot; 7 rooms and bath; price $4600; quick sale
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Cheap corner lot. commanding marine view,
on Pacific avenue, near fine residences; offer
wanted. . ,
SHOTWELL STREET.
6-room cottage on Shotwell gt. head 22d;
price $2750; $1500 mortgage can stand.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
4 flats on Shipley st.. near 8th; rent $40; new
plumbing; will trade for lot tn Mission; price
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS! All over town
McAFEE BROTHERS.
_j ¦ 108 Montgomery st
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
Real Estate Agents,
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
. ¦ • Charge Taken of Property.
- 624 Market st.
$54,000— Mission St.. close to Sth; lot 67:6x160
feet through to Minna st; old Improvements
on same; rents for $i50 per month: this is an
elegant location for hotel and stores.
$27,500— Choice corner lot on Broadway st..
rear Devisadero: size 66x137:6 feet; unob-
structed, marine view.
$22,500— Choice residence on Pacific ave., near
Franklin st, containing 10 rooms and bath;
modern In every respect: lot 34x127 :S'i feet
$18.0G0 — Bush St.. downtown; 3 flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath; built but 6 months: r*nts
$160 per month; open plumbing; modern In every
respect.
$350 per front foot— 3 choice lots on the north
side of Pacific ave.: size 40x47:6 and 50 feet
frontage by 137:6 feet depth; these lots are on
the choicest part of Pacific ave.
. $20,000— Choice lot oh the north line of How-
ard st, close to Steuart; size 45:10x137:6 feet.
$8300—3 choice flats on Jackson st, near Brod-
erick; 6-7-8 rooms and bath; rents $S0 - per
month: lot 25x127:8% feet.
' $8000—2 new flats on Frederick st. , near Ash-
bury, of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; open plumb-
Ing; rents $70 cer month. <
$7000—3. choice . flats on Buchanan st., near
Gutter; 6 and T roonu and bath; rents $56 per
month. ' • . - .
$6700— Nice 9-room house- on Leavenworth,
near Washington. «
j .$4300— 7th st., near Folsom; store and flats;
j rent* $3) per month. »
$4250— Nice residence on Steiner st. of 8 rooms
I and bath;, modern In every respect; lot 23x100
feet.
- $1800— Choice cottage on Sth ave., near Point
Lobos eve. ; 4 rooms and bath; solid cement
foundation; rents at present for $11 per month.
¦Further particulars - of BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAG.
WRIGHT & EWELL.
. . Real Estate and Financial Agents.
Loans, Insurance. • 316 Montgomery st
$170,000— Fine Investment near Market St.: 7-
' story and basement brick building; cor-
• ner.
$140,000— Five-story eleel and brick modern
building on Geary st. not far from pro-
jected new Crocker Hotel; leased; In-
come over $800, per month.
$60,000— Misslon-st " Investment; •' 3-story sub-
stantial frame and brick basement
¦ building; rents $4200 per annum.
Elegant Clay-st. ' home, north side, beyond La-
guna; house of 13 rooms and 2 baths,
.furnace, billiard . rooms, etc.; sunny
' and thoroughly modern : apply for par-
ticulars: lot 37:4»,£xl27:SVi.
$20.000— Beautiful modern home on Pacific ave.:
unsurpassed marine view; 12 rooms and
3 baths; a choice home.
. $17,500— Very fine medern flats on California
» ..¦ ~st.. near Broderick; well rented.
$12,000— Presidio -Heights -modern residence. 8
' rooms and bath: fine cement cellar and
basement; lot 77x129.
' 25x100; north side of Pine sf. be-
- .- •¦.>.¦• tween Fillmore and Steiner: especially
¦' . ¦ .attractive to erect flats upon.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
¦ Bargains. In Sunset. See them at once. '•¦
Sunset . Branch Office,' 9th ave., near Hit
¦ $500 'to $900 each— Graded and sewered; build-
ing up fast; i superb; view of park and ocean;
$10 monthly.
$100, $150. " $200 ' to $350-Cholcest ocean boule-
vard lots, - ready to bu lid on ; $5 monthly. >
. $76, $100. to $250— Level lota near . Mlsslon-st
cars; solendld bargains, for choice homes; $3
monthly. - \ ,,>..,
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS. V
t$400 to $800— We never fall to suit; on choic-
est streets: on very, easy terms.-
'.$1000, $1360. J2CC0 to $3300— Elegant cottages in
Richmond, Sunset and Mission districts; all
bargains; on Installments. ¦
,.; ' SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
v 54 , Chronicle building.
SELECT, your * lot ' anywhere; we •¦ will buy it
, .for you, erect a house to suit and sell it to
-;! you on '.-very easy terms.- THE MCCARTHY
CO., 646 Market st
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.; 14 Montgomery st,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$36,000— Choice corner on Van Ness ave., covered
:,,¦> ZS?1 at present with old Improvements; rents!
v': nominal; would pay handsomely If prop-
erty improved. ;
$27.000— Near i 4th and ¦ Howard • sts. ; good lm-
.. provements, renting for $2484 per annum;
fronting on two streets; bank mortgage
of $21,000 can remain. : ¦
$12,000— Offer wanted; must be sold to close an
¦ estate; Pine st. ; 2 modern residence of
",' .¦¦'¦¦¦¦ 9,, 10 rooms and bath each; large base-
ments; can - readily | be - converted lnio
flats at small outlay and made to yield
a handsome income; 55x110. •.
$10,000— Rents $840 per. annum; price reduced; 2
modern houses; choice residence • loca-
'-".,/:•* tlon in Western Addition; could be con-
verted Into 6 flats at small outlay; mort-
gage of $6000 at 6 per cent can remain;
• 35:6x125.
$10,000— Rents $1200 per annum; choice northeast
corner In Western ¦ Addition; 6 two-story
houses of 6 rooms and bath each; 57:6x
82:6; splendid Investment. . . (
I $8500— A desirable corner In Potrero; rents $984
per annum; Improvements consist of 9
tenements; 50x100, irregular.
$8500— Rents $852 per annum; Vallejo St., close
to Van Ness ave.; 3 modern flats of 6, 6,
7 rooms and bath eacn; bay-windows,
brick foundation; street accepted ; 25x
122:6 to rear street. "
$7000— Rents ?840 per. annum; Jones st: 3 new
. modern flats of 7, 6, 6 rooms and bath
each; 25x100 to an alley never vacant.
$5500— Rents $570 per annum; Inside store prop-
' erty; 2 stores with 3 rooms each and flat
of 8 rooms; this Is a snap. ¦
$4500— Green st. ; modern residence, 8. rooms and
. bath; 25x137:6.
$3750— Rents $528 per annum: price reduced;
near 3d and ' Folsom sts. ; - 2 desirable
bay-window houses of 7 rooms and bath
each; in. perl ect order;: plumbing sani-
tary; this Is a snap, i
! $3700— Reduced : Carmellta st, adjacent to Du-
boce Park; new cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; street accepted:
25xS5; part cash.
$3600— Rents $480 per annum; Clara st: im-
provements consist of 3 front fiats and 2
rear of 3, 4 rooms each; 25x80.
$2800— 'Rents $264 per annum; offer wanted, as
, . owner is anxious to sell on account of
ill health; close to 24th and Castro sts.;
2 flats of 5 rooms; brick foundation;
25x114.
Choice list of building lots in all parts of the
. . city; call and obtain one of our "Real
A Estate Records." containing a list of
¦ properties for sale In all portions of the
city; latest Pocket Map of San Fran-
cisco, 25c. ¦ ' . -
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery street,
_ . Real Estate A.ents.
MADISON & BURKE.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
626 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
Geary st., inside Larkin ; 50x137:6; partially
improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the i
street.
CheaR— O'Farrell st; near Devisadero; con- I
tains S rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only $2900.
$5500— Broadway, near Octavia st. ; 7 rooms
and bath;, a nice home in choice section; lot
26x131. ¦¦ . . - v
Two flats— Clinton Park, . near Dolores st;
rent $340 per year; price only $3500.
$4500— Twentieth st. near Valencia: S rooms
and bath and stable: lot 28x114.
$15,000 — Beautiful modern house in the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$S500— Pays $78 per month; flats; Scott, near
Ellis; 31x137:6.
¦ $7500— Seventeenth st, near Dolores; flats: well
rented; 35x57:6.
$2500— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath.
$2500— House and lot; Rondel place, near Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.: 22:2x64; rents $22.
$3000 — Morris ave., near Bryant St.; double
house; rents i24; lot 25x75.
$4500— Folsom st, near Eighth; 25x90; two
houses at $16 each; total $32.
$5000— Post st., near Baker; lot and improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; must be sold to
close estate.
$8000— Natoma St., cor. Russ; elegant Income
property; 25x75.
$6500— Pine st, near Scott; two flats; rents
$57 50; lot 25x'S7:6.
Laundry building with two flowing wells of
Al water, tanks, barn and lot 16Sxl20, on north
line of Lombard st, bet Flllmore and Stelner;
also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st.. In rear; rents
$73 per month; must be sold on account of non-
residence.
$4650— Nineteenth st, - near Valencia; large
house in fine condition; this is a snap.
$10,500— Fine vacant property; lot 37:6x90. with
two corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.; Just
the place for a grocery. • .
$3600— Cheap; Sixth st. near Brannan; 2 flats;
there is a good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet St., near Howard; lot 50x75,
holding frontage to Sixth st: rent $36.
$4000-Leavenworth st, near Jackson; 8 rooms
and bath; 22:6x115.
$1950— Florida et, near Twenty-fifth; cottage
5 rooms and bath: lot 20x100. i
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market -st/
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc >.
¦ . £13 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$12.000— Union Et.. near Taylor: 25:9x128:9; S
modern flats and rear house; rents $93 50.
iU.OOO— Cormr Folsom and Erie sts.; 30x143; 3
flats; rents $78. <
$10,000— O'Farrell st, near Larkin; 23x120 to
rear street: house of 10 rooms.
$3000— Pacific st.. near Powell; 40x60; store
and 2 flats; rents $C9.
$7000— Folsom st, near Fourth; store and flat:
rents $C5; 25x£0. . - '
$5500— Buchanan st.,' near Post; 24x87:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
J50C0— Corner Leavenworth and Francisco; 70
x87:6; 2-story residence of 11 rooms' and bath.
$3000— leavenworth; near Union; 25x112:6; 3
new flats; rents $41.
$5000 — Corner Leavenworth ¦ st and Broadway;
cot tape and 2 Hats; rents, $41.
$3750— Pine st., near Buchanan; 25x110; house
of- 7 rooms. r •
$3500— Harriet St.. near, Bryant; 25x75; S-story
bulldlnr; rents $37. 1
$3500— Lyon. near Sutter; 25x119:3; house of 8
rooms.
$3350— Clementina St., near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25. '
UNIMPROVED.
$5500— Greenwich St., near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5000 — Capp, near Twenty-fifth; 65x115.
. $4800— Union st. near Webster; 68:9x137:6.
Corner 19th ave. and Clement; 200x120.
$3300— Fulton st, near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna st, near Page; 25x100. • -
$2500— Corner Thirtieth and Dolores; 26:6x100.
$1100 — Francisco, near Leavenworth ;. 25x102.
ANOTHER citizen made happy by selling him
a fine home on easy terms on Hoffman ave.,
and clearing himself of the landlord's yoke.
. I have given out a contract for another 6-
t room house; on north side of 23d St., bet. Hoff-
man and Douglass, Heyman Tract; plan can
be seen at the office; first come, first served.
$750— Only two lots left; fronting the Boule-
vard, bet. J and K sts. ; street graded ready
¦ for building; lots fronting the lake In Chi-
cago are selling for $19,000.
$750— Level cor, lot; Arlington and Mateo
sts.: graded 'and sewered.
$750— Cor.' K and 12th ave., Sunset district;
'25x120; opposite Park Music Stand.
Elmhurst station — Acreage ground to sell In
the Alvln Tract cheap; good for chicken i
ranch ;. also 3-roomed house and 2 lots very
cheap. ..'•¦'
$150— Lots fronting San Jose ave. and San
Mateo electric cars. . .
$100— Lots Excelsior Homestead, near ¦ Mls-
slon-st. cars.
. $125— Lots near "9th and Mission sts.
¦ $250— Lots 29th, near Diamond ; near 29th-st
electric oars.v-.v ; ¦ .
$350—50x100; cor. ' In ' Ocea'n View; . ¦ street
graded.
Park lots, south side; $100, $150 and upward;
1 the coming property:
JACOB HEYMAN & CO..
' 117 Sutter st.
FOR SALE BY W. H. CRIM &' CO.,
118 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$6500— 3 flats, 4. 5 and 5 and bath each; 28x79:6;
13th, near Howard; half cash.
$5500 — Clara, near 4th; 3 flats, 6 rooms and bath
each; 25x75. . '
$5250— Market, near Church; 6 rooms and bath;
25x100; mortgage of $3000 at 6 per cent.
$5000— Filbert, nr. Flllmore: house of 10 r. & b.,
¦ & cottage on Pixley st, 4 r. & b. : 26x120. .
$3250— 21st, near Valencia: 6 r. and b. ; 25x115.
$3000— Madison ave.. near- Harrison; flats 3 and
4 rooms; rent $22; 25x75. 1 *¦.;
$4000— San Bruno ave.. near 24th; flats 4 and 8
rooms and bath; 50x100. ¦ ¦ ¦ , ,
$2350— Flats 5 and 6 rooms and bath; Alabama,
near 22d; 26x100; part cash.
$1000— House 7 rooms and bath; 25x100; Ocean
View; half cash."
$1800— Dolores, near 22d; 30:6x117:6 to alley.; ..M
$1200— Whiting, near 30th; 50x125.
$1250— Douglass, near 17th; 23x123.
$1250— Liberty, near Dolores; 25x114.
$1CO— Bright st. near Shields, Ocean View: 25
; xlOO. ¦¦'¦.", ¦ ,
HAWKS & SKELTON. ~~~ ~ '
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property. . . ; ¦ :
$3000 — Home In Mlrsion warm belt: San Car-
los ave., near Mission and Twentieth; 7 rooms
and bath; ; street - bituminlzed; sidewalk . con-
crete. ...-¦'..' •¦ '¦" .- ¦ ¦ . ¦•',;¦.
$4000— Green, close, to Hyde-et. cars; nice home
of 7 rooms; fine view of bay. . .
$6500 — Investment; O'Farrell, near Laguna;
rents $50; nev^r vacant: see us about this. .
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut st., west of
Hyde: 27:6x110; fine -view of ¦ bay. . :~v
$1500— Cheap .-lot; ..Russell, near 'Hyde and
Union:. 49x60; will payweil.lf Improved; make
an 'offer. . . ¦ .¦¦.¦."¦¦¦¦¦%'.¦'. . - . -
$1500— Lot on s north side • Fulton, near; First'
ave.: facing, park; on car 'line. A&W3KS9bsatS
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery , st
$20,000— A FINE residence -of 14 rooms; stable
for 4 hora*s; carriage house; lot, 90x120.
. $6000— Devisadero : st ; store, ¦ fiat and* house;
rents $45 per mo. ; lot ' 25x125. :. -¦
.$3000— 55o« at", near Brannan: .rents $29. • ''.""• ¦
$22.000— California: nr.' Keamyr.lot 52x137." ¦:
$2000^-Cottage. " 5 rooms; Seymour ave..: be!f
Turk : and G. G. > ave.T Scott " and Devlsadero>~ '
i JEROME ; ENGLISH. '11 Montgomery st.; '
McEWEN BROS. ' . , ' ¦ ' > ¦
$1650- T Cost ' $2400; ' snug cottsge " home on San-
ch«s'st. near 26th."-o • •¦. "„ ¦ - *.'.
i $1000— Cheap lot, 25x125; on Dorland St.. near
¦ Dolores; ready; for building.-""* . ¦ -.;-
$350— Snap on Crescent ave.;. near Mission st.
¦ '$300-^-Flne lot on Bernal Heights, near. Cort-'
. land! ave.'. and school.*"- •'. -.-. ' - '
McEWEN BROS.,- 118 Montgomery st'
BALDWIN &": HOWELL.
MO Montcomery . Street.
PARK LODGE CORNER.
PARK. , ;*. .1; *4*i±
« i STANYAN.
|. *¦:..¦ .-_
if - $600(£-CORNER ! FLATS. RENTS $64.
: ONLY $1500 CASH NEEDED
Three elecant ; corner sunny flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath , each; extra wide frontage;
sun In every • room; natural wood mantels;
porcelain tubs; nickel-plated plumbing; con-
veniently laid .out. ;.-¦' .*- • '¦;¦¦"
Pays 2 per cent net per month; convenient
to Mission. Twenty-second and Castro st.
cars. - ¦
Go out and see them to-day— corner Sanchez
and Clipper sts. . ¦ - -
CHOICE LOTS FOR FLATS.
$2600— Scott at, near Waller; faces Duboce
Park; splendid surroundings; 25x116:3. ¦
—ALSO
$1950— Baker st, near McAllister., st. ; very
cheap; see this at once. - '.
: $5200— REDUCED FROM $6000.
Sacrifice; 2 bay-window flats on Oak St.; 6
rooms and bath each; high basement: side en-
trance, etc.
TWO CHEAP HOMES.
' $18E0— Turk-st. cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment; rents Sll per month: lot 24xl3J:6. .
M^SION COTTAGE.
$12C0-Dlamond st, near 20th; lot 27:6x100;
cottase 4 rooms. ' • ."
BALDWIN & HOWELL,'
. • . • - - - 10 Montgomery st.
POTRERO INSTALLMENT LOTS,
$300 to $300 Each.
Kansas. Rhode Island, De Haro. ISth, 19th
and 20th sts., vicinity of. Union Iron Works;
immediate possession given on payment of; $50
cash, balance payable $10 per month; jrou can
build at once; diagram at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st
Sunset District Installment Lots and New
Homes.
We'havfe the most complete, list and the
cheapest property for i sale in this district.
Don't buy without first talking with us.
Building lots on H st. and Nineteenth ave.
boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park. .
Prices moderate Terms easy
Lots level......;.. Streets macadamized
Official grade ...Plank sidewalks
Welsbach gas lamps.... Water and mall service
On car line On Park entrance
..Better Class of New Homes...........
.....Branch Office at the Corner
of H st. and Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate
Park; open every day, Sundays and holidays.
CENTER & SPADER.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
11 Montgomery st (Lick House block.)
CORNER TOWNSEND STREET.
275 feet square: choice site for warehouse or
manufacturing purposes; 275 feet railroad sid-
ing; this property will be sold cheap' as a
whole. ....
$11,000.
125x160: northeast corner on Folsom st. ; man-
ufacturing district; to close an estate.
$9000.
Commercial St., near Kearny; 3-story brick;
under lease to 1 tenant; an offer will be en-
tertained.
$0500. '
Flllmore St.. near Oak; handsome modern 2—
Btory residence, containing 11 rooms, baths,
servants' rooms, etc.; will accept a lot on Pa-
cific Heights as part payment; lot 37:8x110.
$9500.
Sacramento st, near Hyde; 5 flats; rents $7S;
lot 34*137:6. .
$4000.
. Modern residence of 8 rooms, .bath and base-
ment; 31x117:6; Mission warm belt.
$6000,
Cottage In Mission: 6 rooms and bath; fin-
ished In natural oak; driveway, stable, etc.; an
absolutely modern home: lot 35x122:6.
. $6000. ¦ - •
Up-to-date flats on Folsom st, 5 and 6 rooms:
always rented; lot 25x122:6. *
J35C0.
Ml»slon st. near Twenty-fourth; store and
flat of 6 rooms; lot 30x115; cheap.
$3500.
Two modern flats on Grove St. hear Lyon: 6
rooms and bath each; never vacant; lot 25x137:6.
$37oO.
Rents $31 per month; 2 modem fiats,' 5 and
6 rooms; on Fair Oaks st., near Twenty-third;
lot 25x117. • . ;
. $7500. . • .
Dcvlsndero St., near Golden Gate ave.; choice
lot, 60x125.
$13,000.
Sacramento St.. near Fillmbre; 76x137:6; will
subdivide. ; .
J30CO. -
Walnut st.. near Clay: 35x137:6.
CENTER & SPADER.
$5,500— $750 cash: Lyon. near Oak; 10 rooms and
both; handsome home.
$3,250— Laurel, near Sacramento; bay-window
cottage. 7 rooms and 'bath; extra high
basement; at small outlay building could
" be changed into flats; must be sold.
$2,250 — $300 cash; new house. 5 rooms and bath;
Nome ave., near Eighteenth and Dan-
vers sts. ,
$3,250— Rent $32 50: splendid investment; busi-
ness property In Mission; store and fiat
In good condition; must be sold.
$7,250— Rent $840 per annum; handsome new
flats, close to Park; contain 6 and 7
. rooms; all the latest conveniences."
$5,000— Nice residence on Hayes | st ; contains
9 rooms and bath; mortgage $1000; rent
$35: might take a' lot for equity. • ¦
$10,000 — Corner of -Fillmore and Page; 63x120;
fine place for flats.
A GOOD INVESTMENT. .
$5,570— Rent $50; 4 flats, well located at the
Mission; lot 80x114, of which 40x114 is
vacant: very cheap.
$4,100 — Rent J41; store and two flats on Fran-
cisco St.: good building; always rented.
$7,750— Rents $73; Powell st ; lot. 40x87:6;
stores, rooming-house above. .
$20,000— Splendid corner Investment, on Sutter
'ti. : extra large lot, 85x90; present rent
$150; could be increased by • small ex-
. pendlture.of money; Improvement good
.and substantial:
$11,000— Large corner on Octavia st., near Page;
¦ lot 50x90; Improvements rented for $S0;
offer wanted.
$9,000 — Post sf, near Larkin; good 2-story
'house; 10 rooms and bath;/ has two
"frontages; fine place for a doctor.
$5,000— Rent: $45: cheapest flats. In city; Park
Panhandle district; 2 flats, 5 and 6
rooms and. bath each;' lot' 25x137:6;
overlooks the Park. S • -' .
¦LYON.'&'HOAG,
114 Montgomery street.
A: E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
26 Montgomery - st Room 11.
¦ $16,500— 75 ft. on Mission st. and impts. for
factory; rents $112; bargain. . ,
$4850— Stylish new. flats, '4 and 5 rooms;
every room sunny; rents $40; on Twenty-
third st . . .
$12.000— Stylish new flats; Hayes St.; fine lo-
cation; rents $115. .
$3730—2 flats,: 4 and 5. rooms; Baker st.;
rents $41. , ¦ .-. ¦
• $3000 — Modern 4 and' 5 room flats; California
Bt. and Eighth ave. ; rents $30.
¦ ¦ ' .-•¦'¦ .' ' • . ¦
PARK _LOTS-$500 AND UPWARD.
. $325 Lots— Sunset Heights— Lots $355.- ; :
' On Installments; Eleventh ave.. between H
and I sts., near entrance Park musio stand:
cars pass property. . - "¦»¦...;
¦ $3000 Houses — Easy terms — Houses, $3250; on
above block, 6 and 7 rooms,', bath, etc. ; plans
at office." ••¦• • . ¦ . ¦• . '
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery st,
room 11: branch office, Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
BUILDING-: lots." '$5 monthly: 1 block from
.. Twenty-second-st ; cars; graded and sewered.
Boulevard lots ready to build on, 1 , block
from electric cars; a fine Investment.
• On easy terms.' 2 nice flats on Hartford St.,
1 block from Castro. • . . ..
$100 each— Lots 25x100, half a .block from
. San Mateo cars. ... <.'¦¦ , ... ••¦¦: •
5-room cottage : Tremont ave.
'• -B-room cottage: San Bruno ave. and 24th st.
OSCAR HEYMAN. • 14 Post St.
$450o-^-GENUINE SNAP: ready to. move- Into;
neat 6-room cottage complete for price of lot
alone: 25x137 ft.: 2223 California st. near
Webfter; fine ¦• neighborhood. • See- owner 9
to 5 Sunday.
ON EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS. ,
,' Just built, ' 4-room and attic cottage, - with
.' bath and . basement; large . lot: sunny .-side;
-.sanitary plumbing," mantel,- and near Mtssion-
: Bt. car line. .OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
$10 CASH, $5 MONTHLY. . VV
¦ LEVEL LOTS. PRICE $125.
In Santa Fe. ¦ the newitermlnal city at Point
Richmond. - Terminus 'of the: Santa FeR. R.
..„ . . McEWEN BROS., .118 Montgomery St.. •
$2750— A* CHOICE , home ; 5 rooms' and ' bath ; , 323
Puena Vista ave.. fronting- Buena .Vista Park,
1 with ' a l grand ' and unobstructed view of , the
. city ¦ and . bay ; ;-.. terms, *, H" cash;"* balance " oh
¦.time; must be seen to be appreciated; Owner.-
HOUSES TO LET.
cuiar. Q. H. LMRSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
w, I rooms: larse r» rf and base-
T bl X er£TJT« ntw! for mo °*rn 50-room house, to
jaH~r5 7 — O^^- gt Aa e /reJ^
M^ti S JiL- f 5 rooms : S' ard - 549 Stevenson, oppen
site new postofflce; $12.
IC w*1"v jT furnlshed hou *e: reasonable; by day.
week or month. 417 Powell.
3 RGE rooms: closet; pantry; eunny yard;
?3S one year. Address box S451. Call office.
4 ROOMS in rear to let. 2fr Shipley st.
110081^ larfre finished basement; largi
yard, ids Bush Pt. near Franklin.
— 5£H?P™ TO ljET BURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house " to rent in
Menlo Park. Address CORA PARKER, Me nlo.
IXSTAXTA\EOt'S WATER •HEATER.
HOT bath In ten minutes at cost of 2\4c; saves
Bre In range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready, no
danger from explosion; sold on Installments:
call and see It in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. T.xnm. bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AXD FOIXD.
LOST— Silver purse containing coin; purse val-
ued as keepsake; finder will receive substan-
tial reward by returning to 322 Ellis, room 20.
LOST— Between Sutter and Kearny to Second
and Mission, sealed package addressed Key-
ctone Watch Case Co.. Nineteenth and Brown
ets.. Philadelphia. Pa. Finder will be re-
warded by returning to Keystone Watch Ca6e
Co.. 126 Kearny st.
LOST— Pair of gold-rimmed spectacles, bet.
San Jose ave. and Ellrabeth and Guerrero"
and Twenty-third ste. ; reward. 1096 Valencia.
LOST— June 25. on Market st.. bet. 4th and 11th.
goU nugget pin. Finder will be rewarded by
returning to J. GRACE. 1458 Market st.
LOST— English ptur dog. Return to 700 Mason
6t. and receive re ward.
LOST— Gold watch on Fourth st., near How-
ard; liberal reward. On-ntr. tit Fourth st
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
nune of CHARLES L. JENKINS: No. 127-
678. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Irish setter about 6 months old. Re-
turn to 712 Shotwell ft; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings ,
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JAMES F. KENNEDY. No. 144-710.
The finder will please return to bank.
Wanted — Old rold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. ?«S Q-Farrfll. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to knarry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
etery: Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421.
MIXES AM) MIXING.
MOrCTEZUaiA COrPER COAI^COKE
MONTEZUMA COPPER COAL COKE
MONTEZUMA COrPER.— COAL COKE
Writ* your letter to-day, make your rcmit-
tane* to-morrow, if you. want shares of the
Monteiuma Mining Company for 15c cash or 14c
on installments. Advance* Tuesday to 15c cash
or 17c on Installments.
INSTALLMENT TERMS.
500 shares 36 down and J5 monthly.
lono shares $10 down and $5 monthly.
2TW shares $*» down and $10 monthly.
3000 f hares $25 down and $12 monthly.
5000 shares 430 down and $20 monthly.
These liberal Installment terms are equivalent
to an option on as many shares as you wish
at the price named. Options to August 1 at 20c
It ebould be a eatlsfactlon to Investors or
Irrtecding- Investors to know a proposition will
bear critical Investigation. Read the following
opinion of a Contra Ct+ta County shareholder— :
a ehrewd, hard-headed Englishman, whose
judpment counts for much:
A CALIFORNIAN VISITS THE MONTEZUMA
MINES.
Concord, Cal., June 27. 1901. •
J. 6. C. Thompson. Esq.. General Manager
American Guaranty and Trust Company, San
San Francisco:
Dear Sir — Having just returned from a visit
to the Montezuma Mining Company's proper-
ties near Fairfax. Wash., I desire to say that
I am more than pleased with what I. saw. I
found everything humming at the coal camp,
tawmill g-?ttirur out lumber, carpenters busy
st the flume, miners extending the coal drift,
and everything progressing favorably. After
spending nearly a day examining the coal prop-
osition, and having satisfied myself that If
the Montezuma had no copper at all. It had a
very profitable business in Its Immense seams
of coal, I rode out to the Mowich camp (the
Tarotna mine, but I prerer to call It the Mo-
wich. as being the more distinctive name).
The camp Is in process of r>eing enlarged, a
eecond log house being nearly finished, and
•when ready the working force at this mine will.
I understand, be considerably Increased. As It
is. the main tunnel is now in over 200 feet, sev-
eral cross sections have been made, and a sec-
end tunnel started down at the river level.
Every indication points to the fact that the
Monteruma has in this Mowich copper mine
a fund of almoet inexhaustible wealth. You
can see that the mine is a good one, but how
pood it remains to be proved. The rule Is for
copper to be richer and better the deeper you
go. At least I saw enough to convince me that
in Investing in the Montezuma I had gotten
hold of a good thing. I am quite content to
await developments, and am ready whenever
the funds are available to increase my holding
In the company. The shares would be cheap
at par.
I had a most enjoyable trip, •was cordially
received by the officers of the company and
was only sorry I could not spare the time to
etay longer tnd see more cf the beautiful State
of Washington. Yours faithfully. ¦ •
GEO. R. WARD.
A PetAluma client Increased his holdings by
4000 shares because a friend of his Is "ac-
quainted with the properties and declares they
are all the company claims for them." Clients
resident in San Francisco and vicinity yester-
day added 39.000 chares to their holdings. The
Montezuma Is the only company that has cop-
per, coal and coke "all under one roof." The
consensus of opinion among Investigators Is
Pt offers the best opportunity for lnveet-
before the people to-day. Address
¦ - ."'¦' ".
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
• Selling Agents,
310 Eafe Deposit building, San Francisco.
Telephone Main E8C3. '
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
JOc per chare; send for prospectus. Pacific
Rtate« Mining and Investment Co.. 828 Post st
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ppeciallf>t
for diseases of women, departs for Europe on
the 8th prox. She Intends to study the most
modern and scientific methods and to intro-
duce the name and to open on her return the
most modern sanitarium for the reception of
diseases of women in S. F. In connection
m-ith the same a training school for nurses
will be Inaugurated. A staff of competent
physicians, each skilled In his own specialty,
will likewise be retained. Two years ago on
her return from Europe Drs. Goodwin revolu-
tionized existing methods, and her success,
which she richly deserved, has been phenome-
nal. The doctress Is a graduate of Q. C.'a
Hospital, London, and took first prize for her
inaugural dissertation on "Midwifery." Dur-
ing her 20 years' practice In California she
has Rained the esteem, confidence and respect
of thousands of patients. Best mercantile and
bank references given. Those In need of her
aid call at 1035 Market St. bet 6th and 7th.
j^ RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
»n!im the unfortunate; the most obstinate
ras.es are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. .DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the moBt won-
derfu'.. simple, sure remedies every known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
conorhea and all troubles of male and female
Fexual organs: treat yourself: be your own
doctor: 4 months' suppository treatment $4;
maternity home: bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market tt. 6. F.. Cal.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In- all female
complaints cr money returned; -my regulator
never falls; -the most obstinate cases relieved
without pale: best cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. HIS Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR- WYETH. reliable specialist; 2» yrs.*
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home. before and dart n*
confinement. 812 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
REAL ESTATE— CXTT— FOR SALE.
DAVIDSON * LEIGH. L" "j .
30 Montgomery st Rents collected.
Full charge taken of property.
$2,250— Cottage. 4 sunny rooms and stable; near
Market and 16th «t». ; lot 28x75; bitumen
street; concrete walk. . , '-'*¦ -.
$2,700— Modern fiats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x114; 19th st. near No«; nice
level block; rents $28; a bargain.
$2.750— Lot 25x100. with 2 nice flats. 4 and 7
rooms and 'bath each; rents $26 50; near
24th and Church sts.: cheap.
$3.500— Twenty-flrst st.. near Folsom: lot »x
100. with 2 sunny flats, a and 6 rooms;
large basement; bitumen street.
$6.500— A sacrifice; handsome, modern »-roon»
residence, with corner lot 30x100; few
blocks from Panhandle.
$12.500— Beautiful 21-room modern residence:
want to sell at once; fine large corner
lot 100x125 feet; grand view; near Golden
Gate Park; house alone cost $16,000.
$11.000— Pacific Heights modern residence. 11
rooms: every convenience; beautiful
marine view; 27:6x137:6; near Pacific
and Laguna sts. i'.Jl«
$10,500— Presidio Heights: Clay st.: beautiful
large corner lot 85x135: streets bltumln-
ized: all ready for building.
$16,000— Elegant business corner on Eddy st .
37:6 front, with corner store and flat
above and house of 8 rooms and stable.
Bargains In downtown business properties from
$5000 up.
We will be glad to submit offers on any ot
the properties in the above list.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE^ Ca kKET
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$12.000— Northeast corner, on Fell st: 2 elegant
modern flats. 10. 11 rooms and porcelain
bath; stable; every modern convenience;
rents JS-3 per month.
zzz .
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
' $10,000— On Bush st., near Mason; through to
the rear street; large, well-built house
of 10 rooms «nd bath; also house of 9
rooms and bath on rear street; rents $80
per month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$6500— Two substantial, well-built flats of 5, 8
rooms and bath and 2 flats, 4 rooms
each, on rear street: rents $60 per
month: cement walk; street bituminlzed:
lot 26:6x112:6 feet; Fillmore-st. cars
within a few feet.
PARK PANHANDLE RESDDENCE.
$5000— Elegant modern residence. 9 rooms and
bath; few feet from Panhandle; can ar-
range any terms desired: bank mortgage
$4000 can remain: 25x100.
¦ — —
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$4000— Two front houses. 18, 8 rooms, and rear
house of 6 roomi: large lot 50x80 feet;
rents $624 per annum; on Harriet st.
MISSION "WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
$4000— On 19th st.. near Mission; 2 fine. weTl-
bullt houses of 6 rooms and bath each;
lot 25x85 feet: rents $43 per month.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
$3650— Two modern flats. 4. 5 rooms and bath:
on Guerrero st.: always rented; rents
$34 per month: mortgage $3100.
—
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$30C0— On any terms; owner compelled to sell:
cozy home, 7 rooms and bath: modern,
and elegantly decorated; near Van Ness
ave.
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS!
I Desirable lots In any portion of the city.
For particulars call at our office.
EASTON. ELDRTDGE * CO.. .
638 Market street.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO. T
A SACRIFICE!
$18,500. Rent $125 a Month.
On O'Farrell st. In the heart of the city: 4-
story building nearly new; built by day's wor*
under lease; tenant paying water and makes
all repairs.
PAYS FINE INTEREST.
$5250. ".-".-- Rent $60. a Month.
For an extra fine 3-story building and lot;
only one block from corner of 7th and Mission
sts.; worth $6000. but must sell.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$7500. Rent $63.
Store property on Folsom st, only few feet
from 6th; extra large lot. 23x150, to rear street.
— — ¦•:¦ .* - -
HERE'S A CHANCE!
$7000. Rent $67 50 a Month.
Close to Hayes and Franklin, on wide street;
3 flats and stable for 10 horses.
TURK AND JONES STS.
$13,500. Best Buy In the City.
Only 2 blocks from" Market st. ; extra large
lot, 27:6x107; very cheap; present rent $40.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO..
Room 2. Seventh Floor, Mills Building.
ROSS VALLEY, MARIN COUNTY. -
Lagunitas Road— Near Ross station; fine es-
', tate of 30 acres: beautiful
| modern residence of IS
i rooms, 5 baths, 23 closets,
storerooms, . etc. : verandas
16x55; large cellar, with wins
closets, etc.: electric lights:
oak floors; large stable and
barn: fine water supply;
grand forest trees; exceed-
ingly low price; this Is a
magnificent country estate.
Lagunitas Road — Beautiful summer home of
7>ti acres, lovely residence of
10 rooms, 2 baths, servant's
' cottage, with bath; stable;
leg cabin; tennis - court;
orchard: garden; grand for-
est trees: very low price.
SAN ANSELMO.
Ross Valley Park — A charming subdivision near
'¦¦: railroad station: fine roads
and bridges: water In front
of every lot; trees along:
avenues: open lots and lots
¦with great natural trees;
low prices and ' very easy
terms.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN A CO.
NEW COLONIAL RESIDENCES
Just Completed.
On Lyon St., bet. Clay and Washington,
11 Sunny Rooms in Each.
Hardwood finish: 4 grand mantels: electric
lighting: tiled bath with hardwood floor; the
very best of plumbing and workmanship
throughout houses; everything that is needea
in a modern, first-class residence; see them at
once; open for inspection, or apply to DAN
EINSTEIN, owner and builder. 117 Sutter st
$6500— TERMS to suit: very handsomely deco-
rated and sunny 10-room residence; substan-
tially built and finished by day work; every
possible latest improvement: heaters, regis-
ters, G basins, plate and art glass -windows,
etc.; marine and park view; the choicest -of
any near panhandle; large -lot. 26:6x100; Ful-
' ton it., near Shraderj Hayes or McAllister
st carsj open from 11 to 5.
FOR sale as a whole or tn subdivisions; 80-
vara lot; south line Union at: 137:6 feet ea&t
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green, and
Pierce, sts., 103:8x137:6 feet. Inquire oC
CHARLES C BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery st . .
ON VERY - EASY TERMS. '.
. Lots at Waller and Stelner sts. of German
Savings and Loan Society: lots all ready to
build on; terms one-quarter cash; only a few
left.
SPECIAL.
Two choice level lots suitable for residence
or flats; close to Park Panhandle; to be offered
at a bargain or will exchange.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents.
MARION GRIFFIN. 7l9 Market, nr. Call Bids.
Grand Golden Gate ave. house for sale, 13
rooms; lot 70 feet front by 120 deep; cost $30,000;
make offer; see photo this office; in choica
neighborhood; see thjs.
U-room home, beautifully finished; In the
warm belt; marine view; in perfect condition:
$10CO cash." balance eaiy; price $3000: cost $6500.
• MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
$3000— FINE lot. KxlCO, Halght St.. on» block
from . Market.
$27: 0 — A snap; old house and lot on Buchanan
St., near Sutter.
$1100— Must be sold to corer mortgage: busi-
ness and residence lot on Point Lobos ave.,
30x100. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. 507 Cali-
fornia st. *. s . ¦
A BIG BARGAIN. : ""
$1100:' $100 dawn and $13 In monthly Install-
ments: 159 Corbett ave.: take ISth-at. car: a.
nice cottage of 4 - rooms, pantry, and largo
basement; lot 25:6x82:6. Apply on .premises.
$1200— For sale— House of 6 Urge rooms; lot 2.1 x
100: everything in best condition: nice garden,
yard. etc. 83 East Park st. Holly Park, near
. Mission st.
BIG bargain; must be sold at once; 8 lots near
electric cars at Ocean View. 200x120; prlca
$400; half value. ROTHERMEL & HER.
RELL. 507 California st.
NEW cottage for sale on easy terms: house of
S . rooms and lot X»xS3, on Mission st. In- *
quire at D. COFFIN'S cigar store, 29th and
1 Mission st». " .
$300— LOT 50x114. on 27th st. PATTERSON ft
CO.. U City Hall square. • i ¦
FOR sale— $42:0: 5-room cottage: desirable
¦ home; In warm belt Inquire 1018 Shotwell,
For Additional Classified Advertise^
ments See Pago Thirty:
t \4
: renPresident D. E. Collins of the California
Bank haa returned from the Y. M. C. A.
Jubilee Convention In Boston and speaka
with enthusiasm of the great gatheri^s
held to commemorate the fiftieth anniver
sary of the founding of the association
in the United States. Mr. Collins said
that most of the time Mechanics Hall,
where the sessions of the convention were
held, was crowded to its full capacity of
6000 seats.
"It was a magnificent gathering, includ
ing leaders in every department of busi
ness and scientific activity, said Mr. Col
lins. "We received messages from Presi
dent McKlnley, King Edward, Emperor
William and other distinguished person
ages. A dramatic incident was the recep
tion accorded to the cablegram of the
King of England. The delegates arose
and sang "God Save the King." while tha
leader waved the union jack.
"I never knew of so many eminent men
being gathered together in one place be
fore. The addresses were notable efforts
by some of the ablest orators of the coun
try "
Mr. Collins made a study of Eastern
business conditions and visited the Buf
falo exposition. . He said there was a
strong feeling of confidence among finan
ciers, although some uneasiness is felt
over the influence of the new trusts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, June 29.
Banker Collins of Oakland
Tells of What He Saw
as a Delegate.
Thousands Attend Y..M.
O. A. Semi-Centen
nial at Boston.
EMINENT MEN
AT THE JUBILEE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; JUNE 30, 1901.
30
/special: kotices.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
-city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel.; 5580.
DISEASES 'and I ailments of men | treated ;
' sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine..
SEWING ¦ MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
UNION sewing machine store, 2216 Mission, nr."
,19th, phone Capp 1952— All kinds of sewing ma-
• chines bought, sold, exchanged, rented, re-
"- paired;- low. rates. , ¦ -. '
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
. storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main E713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mla-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3:
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
• pany. 2S20 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
. TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN~TYI»EW^ITErI— W>
eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; 1 rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 261
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work In sight: CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes: used machines, $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 29 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
. tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
WEDNESDAY, July 10, 1901. Transferbooks
closed Saturday, June 29, 1901, at 12 o'clock
m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Security Savings Bank. 222
Montgomery st.. Mills building— Kor the half
year ending June 29, 1901, dividend on term
deposits at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1, 1901.
¦ S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
st3., San Francisco, June 2S, 1901 — At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eighth
¦ (3%%) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending June 30, 1901, free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
July 1, 1901.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
SAVINGS and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
St., corner of Sutter— The board of directors
declared a dividend for the term ending June
30, 1901. at the rate of three and one-eighth
(3%) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July 1, 1901.
Dividends not called for are added to. and
bear the same rate of- dividend as. the prin-
cipal, from and after July 1. 1901. CYRUS
W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. ; for the six months ending
June 30, 1901, dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes, and payable on
and after Monday, July 1, 1901. Dividends
uncalled for are, added to thet principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 1901. J. DAL-
ZELL BROWN, Manager. -. -;¦:.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
¦San Francisco. . 33 Post st.— For the half year
ending June 30th. 1901. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY. July 1st. . 1901.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cali-
fornia St.. corner Webb — For the half year
ending with the 30th of June 1901. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate tier annum
of three and slx-tentlis (3 6-10) per cent on
term deposits and three (3) per cent on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Monday. July 1. 1901.
. - LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
ciety. 62C. California St.— For the half year
ending with June 30, 1901. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Monday, July 1. 1901.
GEORGE TOURXY, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and IJoan Society. 18
Geary st. — The directors have declared a div-
idend of 3«4 per cent per annum on Its depos-
its, payable on and aftsr July J. 1901.
. - ERNEST BRAND. Spcrptary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
AS provided In act of March 9, 1901 (chapter
XCIX). the State Board of Osteopathic Ex-
aminers will hold an examination for all de-
siring certificates to practice Osteopathy in
the State of California and not otherwise pro-
vided for. at the California College of Osteop-
¦ athy, 6C3 Sutter St., San Francisco, commenc-
ing at -9 a. m. • Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday. July 16, 17 and 18. 1901, on the fol-
i lowing subjects: Anatomy. Physiology, Phy-
sical Diagnosis, Theory and Practice of Os-
teopathy, Physiological Chemistry, Public
Health, Gynaechology. Histology. Pathology,
Obstetrics. Symptomatology and Minor Sur-
gery. Application for examination should be
made to the secretary, 608 Parrott building.
San Francisco, not later than July 12. ERN-
EST SISSON Secretary.
"WRECK OF RIO—
¦ To .Whom It May Concern: The under-
signed Incorporators of the Rio Wrecking Co.
hereby give notice that we have located the
exact spot of the wreck and are using due
"diligence In preparing the proper apparatus
to remove the cargo from said steamer, and
¦ will maintain our claim to salvage before a
court of law.
Stock subscription books are open at the
office of the company, 445 Panott Building,
and a limited amount of stock for sale at 60c
per. share; par value $1.
. RIO WRECKING CO.,
JOHN ROSS, Mgr.
J. J. Sullivan, Tom Olsen, James McLaughlin.
San Francisco, Cal.. Juno 27. 1901.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
P -
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ,
C. Hermann SehlicMing, 27, 397 Sixth street,
and Augusta Bucking, 22, 834 Alabama street.
Thomas M. Feutren, 26, 1931 Mason street,
and Minnie Emmens, 19, 974 Union street. :
- William Bastian. 26, 1135 Harrison street, and
Frances Grundel. 26, 1512 Pacific street.
William Gustafson, 44. 238 Perry street, and
Anna Carlson, 35. 238 Perry street.
Vlttorio Lucchesi, 38, Santa Rosa, and An-
cllla Gorl. 30, 702 Front street.
. Ernest A. Marchlnton, 33, 1022 Folsom street,
and Catharine Duffy, 25, 414 Sanchez street.
John W. Sater,'. 21, 1512% Castro street, and
Ellen M. Murry, 20. 101 Ivy avenue.
Frederick W. Beal. 36, 1043 Market street,
and Hannah Breen, 24. Hotel St. Nicholas.
i George L. Shoals, 37. 406 Sutter street, and
Matilda Long, 20, 839 Pine street.
George Herman. 21. 277 Shipley street, and
Martha Rehfeld, 19. 2747 Lombard street.
John S. Leas. 25, 108V4 Ellis street, and Mabel
J. Sabistbn. 22. 114% Hyde street.
William J. Christ. 25. 2766 Twenty-first street,
and Clara Snyder, 25, 337 Lexington avenue.
Thomas Welch. 25, 228 Twelfth street, and
Rose Fa ether, 23, 467 Stevenson street.
-John A. Landstrom. 33. 266 Minna street, and
Maria J. Ostrom, 32, 266 Minna street.
Balvatorl Navarra,-32, 19 Bannam place, and
Rosarla Purcottl. 22, 19 Bannam place.
~B1BTHS-MABBIA6ES-DEATH3.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
s , BORN.
BOEKEN— In this city, June 19. 1901, to the
wife of Charles Boeken, a daughter.
CAMERON— In this city, June 17. 1901. to the
wife of Donald G. Cameron (nee Buttle), a
son. '--.if- 1*/"- ' . •
CONROY— In this city. June : 29, 1901. to the
wife, of John J. Conroy, a daughter. .
FELD— In thi" city, June ; 17, 1901, to the wife
of Joseph Feld Jr., a daughter.
FORCADE— In- this city,' June 27, 1901, to tha
wife of • Arthur L. • Forcade." a son.
FREDIANA— In thlsvclty, June 28, 1901, to the
: wife of George A. Trediana, a son. / . .
JOHNSON— In this city, June 29, 1901/ to the
..wife of Axel Johnson, a daughter.. -
KILER— In this city, ) June 27, 1901, ¦ to the wife
, of i Frederick , Kiler, a daughter. :
MITCHELL— In this city, June 4, 1901, to the
wife of Thomas. F.' Mitchell, a daughter. .
WALTBR^-In > this clty,~ to : tha wife of • H. ' I.
Walter, • a daughter, fy; ¦ • . .
WEBBER— In : this city, June 15, 190L to the
wife of George Webber, a daughter.
~~ MARRIEDr
CLEMENTS— BINGHAM— In this "city,: June
25." 1901. i by the Rev. Father Sampson, J. F.
\ Clements and Lillie Bingham, both of San
" Francisco. -- *P40'^ B flB^HttWnB0wBpSI
FALES-^WECK— In .this city/. June 20, 1901,
at St. Luke's Church, by. the Rev. William
¦-¦ Carson : Shaw," . Dr. * Louis - Henry ' Fales of
'¦¦'¦ Chicago, 111.. . and Alice ; Maud Week of San
' Francisco. . ".','•-,'-:
HILL-^RAWLINSON— In Salt Lake City, "June
?.*; 27, J 1301, J Charles , B.~, Hill i of ' Utah ¦ and Flor-
' i ence T. Rawlinson ¦ of . San "Francisco. . - '
LANGE-^MURPHY— In this city, • June 27, 1901,"
by the . Rev. • R. > P.: Brennan, Otto F. . Lange
and Elizabeth J. Murphy, both of San Fran-
OAKLANDUDYERTISEMENTS.:
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. _
$1200— COZY little cottage and 50-foot lot; near",
in; close to Grove st. > ¦¦ ' ¦-
GEO..W. AUSTIN & CO.. r -»
. --'- I 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$S00— IN Golden Gate ; . corner, lot, 100x100 ; j one
block from San Pablo ave. : right near the
' station; owner away; a big bargain. ;-'¦¦'
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., -¦
¦ _ 1008 Broadway, " Oakland.
$9000— ONE of Oakland's finest homes: 11 rooms;
3 elegant mantels; butler's pantry; double
plumbing; did rent for $95 per month; cost
over $14,000; perfect to a detail; lot 80 feet
front -and nice lawn; in the heart of town;
legitimate reason for selling; must be seen to
le appreciated; will sell carpets if desired..
..-•¦ GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
¦ 1008 Broadway, - Oakland.
$1500— ESTABLISHED grocery and butcher
shop, with store fixtures;.- flat above, and
stable, well and pump; gore lot; streets com-
plete; fine locatioin in North Oakland; cost
$2400; insured for $1500s easy terms If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., j
¦ . ¦ 1008 Broadway. Oakland. '
$1SCO— JUST like rent; $100 ".- down; Dalancs
monthly; 5 rooms, bath; high basement; lot
50x133 (note the size); Street and walks com- I
plete; near local station, school and churches, i
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. j
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$45CO— ONE of the finest residence sites In all I
East Oakland; lot 50x150; elevated ground; >
choice location;, convenient to cars and train;
good barn and side Eewer on the premises ;'
all ready for building; death of owner is
reason tor selling.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
' 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— IN Austin Park, Telegrajfh and 27th St. :
iust completed; elegant SS-roomed home; pret-
I ty design; sunny side; ' elevated, ground; 40-'
foot lot; new street and all new houses.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO...
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$850 — COZY little bungajow cottage; all shin-
gled; new plumbing; lot 40x120 feet; close to
Telegraph avenue and city train; will ar-
range terms. .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250— EAST of Broadway; comfortable home
of 9 rooms In the choicest part of Oakland;
owner non-resident; reduced .price for a
quick cash sale. " •
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
¦ . . 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000— LITTLE or no cash • down ; $15 each
month; 5 rooms, | bath and basement; sunny
side, near San Pablo avenue: street work all
. done will rent for $10 per month and pay for
itself. . GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. *
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$18C0— JUST like rent; 9 rooms, bath." basement,
etc.: lot 40x120; cost $2500; sunny side; near
San Pablo ave.; $20 per month. installments;
near the local railroad station.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.; -
- 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— $500 CASH; balance on easy terms; pret- •
ty East lake cottage; 5 rooms, bath, hall, high j
basement; 2 bay windows; newjy painted:/
nice open lawn and cement walks; select lo-
cality; one block from Broadway; cost $5500.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
. - . 1008 Broadway, Oakland. ¦
A MAGNIFICENT suburban home; a special
sacrifice for quick sale; $12,500; a bargain; 5
acres of choicest land, near Berkeley, sur-
rounded by handsome homes; city of Berke-
. ley almost up to the property; in city limits,
now -yet a quiet, retired location; not an old
house, but a fine, handsome, 2-story, 10-room
residence; a mantels; every modern appoint-
ment: see this at once: owner is forcing a.
quick sale. Laymance : Real Estate Co., 460-
462 Eighth st., Oakland. -^ ¦
A RETIRED banker'3 home. $8500; cost $17,000;
offer wanted; going to Europe; house, 8
rooms; half block beautiful grounds, in ele-
vated -warm belt of East Oakland ; fine for
invalids. Laymance Real Estate Co., 460-462
Eighth st., Oakland.
J3S50— OFFER wanted; must sell: two-acre Ideal
suburban home; latest colonial 2-story house;
full-bearing orchard: appreciated if seen.
Laymance Real Estate Co., 460-462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
AN attractive Telegraph-ave. home; reduced to
$3000 for quick sale; modern, 9 rooms; por-
celain bath; 50- foot lot; sunny side; absolutely
choicest offering on this street in. years; we
are authorized to sell; see it. Laymance Real
Kstate Co.. 460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
$S500— ALICE st.. Lakeside district: sacrifice;
room residence; large lot: offer wanted.
Laymance Real Estate Co., 460-462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
$1000 CASH. $6 50 monthly— A model " 6-room
cottage, chicken shed. barn, (table. Immense
fruit trees; small assorted fruit; a lovely
garden of vegetables; flowers- in profusion;
high ground and level;, lot 40x160; more; land
can be had cheap; city water; close to a fine
public school and 3 churches; one block from
electric car Mine; this is a grand ready-made
home and one rare to find: price in all, $1500;
no fogs nor cold winds; adjoining East Oak-,
land. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st., opposite Broadway station, Oakland; car-
rlpges free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$50 CASH, $8 50 monthly till paid for; chicken
run 130x256: sandy loam soil; plenty of good
water; level land; site, climate and soil the
best; no fogs or cold winds; 10 buildings now
completed: adjoining East Oakland; close to
electric car line; 90- foot boulevard and fine
school; price, all told, $530; call or send for
circulars, 455 Seventh St., opposite Broadway
station, Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z.-
JONES, owner.
$300 CASH, $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms; all conveniences:
large lot, ISO ft. deep, on Fruitvale ave.; no
fogs nor raw winds: a lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told, $2750; will make terms
to euit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh st.,
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner. ; .
STOP paying i rent — 5-room cottage, bath,
! pantry, high basement, fruit trees, fine well
of water, windmill and tank, large lot, street
work- done, fenced and cross fenced, price
$1250; terms. $1CO cash, balance $15 month;
new up to date 2-story 8-room house, porce-
lain tub, gas and electric fixtures, high con-
crete foundation, street work done, choice
location, close to station and street cars;
price 42500; very easy terms. -• . . ,
Take Berkeley train, get oft* at Lorin sta-
tion: office west side of R. R. track: open
Sundays. RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$16 — 5-ROOM cottage; near locals.
$25—8 rooms: modern; near town.
$38 — 12 rooms; choice location; modern.
$15 — Cottage, near train; line location. . '
$65--13 rooms for rooming house; furnished.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. iocs Broadway.
The House Renters of Oakland, Cal.
$2650—47 ROOMS; rent $110; right on main street;
fully occupied; owner uses 6 rooms; clears
$135; owner going to E»>-ope: a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURX. \ ROOMS WANTED.
TWO fur. rooms, housekeeping; family of 3:
private; rent $11 mo. Box 2266. Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FORJIALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALT A, 1121 Mission— 2 large sunny I housekeep-
ing rooms; stove and sink; front; single.
AUSTIN, AVE., 102, off Polk St.— 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms. . ' . ,- ;'
CENTRAL AVE., 722, near McAllister— Three
or "live rooms; furnished; housekeeping;, coal
stove. ¦ -.. ' '¦:¦'-•';'.-«'
CEDAR ave., 24, near Larkin, Post and Geary
sts.— 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
running water; bath; 1 reasonable. , - •; _ .¦ .
$10— THREE ' rooms and bath; sunny; bay- wln-
• dow.- Apply 452 Clipper st. ; Castro-st. car. .
ELEVENTH, 34—2 sunny furnished' rooms for
housekeeping. . "• ¦ ; ' ;.
ELLIS, 325 — Housekeeping rooms; also single.
ELLIS, €39, corner . Larkin— Large sunny bay-'
, window; use of kitchen; other rooms," $11 up.
FULTON, 233 — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
connected; gas stove; bath; no children.* /
FOLSOM, cor. 9th— Double parlors with kitchen,
sink and stove; sunny; adults; $14, $16; also
-.' single $5. '. . ¦ -' .-. -".- •..'• : •••¦'-¦*
FOLSOM, 776%— Neatly furnished bay-window
room; also 2 connecting rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., . 622—2 sunny ¦;. front
rooms, furnished; gas, running water, etc. <¦*¦¦::¦¦
GOUGH, 115— Sunny.:, handsome rooms; gas
range,. bath, heater; rent $9 to $10; phone. ¦
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed' house-
keeping rooms for couple. Tel. and references.
HARRISON, 782— Sunny front ; room, for - light
housekeeping; no children. ¦ '¦-':^ ¦''• -----
HOWARD. 761 V4— Nicely fujflished bay-window
suite; man and wife; kitchen; others.'
HYDE. 112— Just furnished,', front ; suite, '. house-
. keeping ; also large front suite.', private," 1 bath ;
other , rooms ;: reasonable ;¦ modern. ;.;..
IVY: ave., 236 — 3 • sunny ¦ furnished ."; rooms . for
• housekeeping; rent $15. .,< : . '
JESSIE,?: 433—2 'completed furnished I housekeep-
ing rooms to let;, reasonable. , ¦ ...- '
JUNIPER;:} -off Folsom, : bet. ' 10th and .11th— 3
¦ '. unfurnished '. housekeeping ; rooms ' and ¦ bath ; • 1
partly furnished; rent |9. • ;. ». - * •
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 7-room, 2-story ¦' colonial house; large
rooms; fine mantel: electric fixtures, porce-
lain bath, laundry tubs; all fine open plumb-
ing; right up to date; only 2 minutes to R.
R. station: lot 40x100; price. $2400. For terms
call on J. R, PERKINS, Lorin station,
Berkeley. . ' "
CALL and see the -2 new 5-room cottages I am:
building; high basement; mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank ard windmill;
.10 minutes to R. R; station; price only $1400:
$100 cash; balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley. _
' FINE, new up-to-date 8-room, 2-story colonial
house; porcelain bath, electric fixtures,' man-
tel; a fine, convenient home for somebody ;
price J25CO for cash, or will exchange for
country or San Francisco property. J. R.
PERKINS. Lorin, station. Berkeley.
FINE, almost new 4 large room bay-window
cottage; high basement. percelain bath,
large pantry, electric wired, folding doors;
fino well, tank and windmill, chicken liouse
and yard; lot 50x100: only 2 minutes to H. R.
• station and V* block to electric cars; pilce I
only $1600; terms. J. R. PERKINS, Lorin
. St'n, Berkeley (formerly Oel'.erlch & Perkins). I
$1350— LOT 40x100; new modern cottage. 5 rooms,
bath, pantry, hall, etc.. tinted walls, brick
foundation; great bargain; $150 cash, $16 per
month. H. D. IRWIN'. Lorin Station.
$1800— LOT 50x120; street work done: modern
¦ cottage, 5 rooms and bath, high basement,
brick foundation; $200 cash, $20 per month.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station. ' ;
$1»00— LOT 51x100; new modern cottage. 5 rooms j
and bath, with high basement, "porcelain bath
and gink with tiled back, tinted walls, shades I
and gas fixtures complete. H. D. IRWIN,
Lorin Station. : . '
$2200 — LOT 50x100; new up to date modern
house. 7 rooms and bath, all the latest im-
provements; close to station. H. D. IRWIX,
Lorin Station.
IT is an easy thing nowadays to demonstrate
that the
SUNSHINE WATER HEATERS
Are a success, and it is equally as easy to
prove that the houses on the north side of
Prince St.. near Grove, containing these heat-
ers are the best built and cheapest houses
ever offered for sale. Buying these houses,
you don't have a single dollar extra to pay—
they are ready to occupy. For sale by
JOS. J. MASON.
Adjoining P. O., Berkeley.
$750— House and lot; near station.
$2700— House of 6 rooms; lot 50x135; near
university; a bargain.
Bargains all over town by *
JOS. J. MASON.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley, Cal.
CORNER lot; well situated for block of flats;
if eold In a few days can be had at a bar-
$1350— 5-rotm house; beautiful corner let; this
is a bargain.
$4000— 9-room cottage: large lot: looking on
university grounds; east of Telegraph ave.
$2500 — 7-room house on Grove st. ; a beautiful
home at a bargain.
$6SC0— One of the finest homes in beautiful
Berkeley; this place must be »e»?n to be appre-
ciated S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance.
Opp. First Xational Bank Berkeley.
WOULD you like to buy one of the best located
houses in Berkeley for boarding students?
Would you like a neat 5-room cottage at a
cheap price, with a grand view thrown in?
Would you like an elegant home in the best
part of Berkeley?
Would you like to buy a house anywhere
within the limits of Berkeley? *
¦Would you like to buy a cottage or house In
West Berkeley, where the big furniture factory
Is going up? -
Would you like to buy a lot and build a
home?
If vou will call and see us we will find what
you "want. ;-¦- SATOFF & WILKINS.
2121 Center st.. Berkeley station. CaL
SPECIAL bargains in Berkeley property—
$7000— Large corner, 2 houses; Shattuck ave-
nue.
$6500— Income property at University; rents
$700 per year.
$5000— Modern 2-story, S rooms, with elegant
furniture.
$1100— Neat 5-room cottage; lot 50x100; near
Lorin; cnlr S100 down.
jjOO — Beautiful corner; 46x140: Telegraph
avenue. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, .
507 California street.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$1000— New cottage of 3 large rooms, pantry
and closets, six-foot basement, good brick
foundation; chicken house; lot 75x100, fenced
and cross fenced.
$1400 — Sacrifice: modern Cottage of • 5 rooms,
basement and attic, bath, etc.; stable; chicken
house; fine well, windmill and tank; lot 50x125,
all fenced; easy terms If desired.
$925— Good cottage of 4 rooms, partly furnish-
ed; stable; chicken house and 30 chickens; fruit
trees in bearing: lot 50x108, all fenced.
$1150 — Bay window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath. 7-foot basement, good brick foundation,
etc. ;' barn; chicken house; lot -50x116; - 1 block
from Fruitvale ave.; easy terms if desired.
$1100 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
high basement; lot 35x115; fruit trees; located
Jn the best part of Fruitvale; only half a block
from Fruitvale ave. ; easy terms if desired.
$1200— House of 4 rooms and bath, pantry, 3
j closets; large stable; 2 chicken houses. 1 brood-
er house 50 chickens: good horse, harness and
wagon; lot 100x230. all fenced: good well and
pump; only one blocV.from electric cars.
$1675— Modern 2-story^toouse of 6 rooms and
bath, fine mantel: corner; lot 2 blocks from
Fruitvale station: must be sold at once.
$1700— Choice bargain; new bay window cot-
tage of 4 large rooms, 7-foot basement, good
brick foundation, bath, hall closets, lovely
pantry, marble washstand, stationary tubs:
chicken house: lot 50x265. all fenced; fine lo-
cation; only 8 blocks from Fruitvale station.
$1850— Two acres of sandy loam; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath, high basement, and
stable and chicken houses; good well, windmill
and tank; fine location; 3 blocks from electric
cars.
For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
KRUITVALE FDRMSHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house, 6 rooms • and bath, for
July. Corner Nicol ave. and Capp Bt
MILL V AX1LE Y JRl^L^EST ATE.
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY.
•¦' :'; Formerly Known as '
, " The Wormonth Tract,
Now to Be Called
' Sunnyside Tract.
This beautiful tract, consisting of over 40
acres, is now subdivided into lots and are
placed upon the market for sale. Streets are be-
ing graded, macadamized and sewered. - The
1 California Title Insurance and Trust Company
of San Francisco will issue an Insurance policy
for every lot sold guaranteeing title.
- For maps and full Information address ;\V.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROAD WAY.
OAICLAND REAL ESTATE. ,
$2250— $300 CASH.
Brand new bungalow cottage; open plumb-
Ing; large lot; very sunny; near local trains,
schools and business center, - etc. ; cost $3000
to duplicate. •• J. S. MYERS & CO..
• 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$3700— ACTUAL CASH VALUE TO-DAY $5000.
62 feet frontage; 9-room house; barn; splen-
did water supply on premises; an ideal home;
near business center; mortgage $2700, which
can remain at the bank; must be sold this
week; no reasonable offer refused.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$3250— TUB handsomest new house ever con-
structed for sale In this city.
Space too expensove to extol all of Its
charming qualities as ' to location, construc-
tion, etc. Any one wishing to buy a home on
easy terms can get a bargain. It is only
necessary to see the property to be con-
vinced of - Its charming qualities and the low
price ¦ asked for the property. The owner
will make very easy terms to the buyer
who means business. ¦ ¦
¦ J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
FOR SALE BY ~
..¦..„ --,'X. j. snyder;
REAL ESTATE.
467 Ninth Street.. Oakland. . .-..,¦ -•
Cottage. 4 rooms and bath; on 33d st. nr.
Market; lot 30x90. ' Price $1500.
•Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; on Linden st.; nr,
34th: 32x135. • . ' Price $2350.
• Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; on Myrtle st. nr
28th; 37:6x100. - Price $2000.
Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; on Myrtle st., nr.
12th; 40x125. •* Price $2300.
. Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; on West' st , nr
38th; 50x116. . Price $2800.
Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; on Sherman" gt..
nr. Telegraph ave. ; 60x115. Price $2600.
. Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; on Mead ave.; nr.
San Pablo ave.; 30x125. '4 £*&»£*SKSy; Price $2550
I Cottage. 5 rooms and bath ; . on West st , lir
Mth; 28x140. Price ?2230. '
2-story house. 6 rooms and bath; on Chestnut
et., nr. 18th; 30x95. Price $2800
- 2-story house, 7 -rooms and bath: on FiJbert
St.; nr.Sth; 25x125. .. - Price $1600
. 2-story house,- 6 rooms and bath;- Telegraph
ave., nr.'38th; 34x120.. :- Price $3000. 1-
2-Etory house, 6 rooms and bath; Chestnut st '
nr. 21st; 34x100. . ;. .... , Price $2750. ''
Kor further particulars Inquire of'- *»
/ A, J. SNYDER, 1 Real Estate.
467, Ninth et, Oakland, CaL
Society.
626 CALIFORNIA STREET.
: San Francisco California
SWORN STATEMENT
; Of the condition and value of the Assets and
Xiabllities of THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY, a corporation doing business
at No. 526 California St. in the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco. State of California. - and
where said assets are situated, on June 29. 1901,
ASSETS.
1— J5,SOO,000. United States 4 per cent
registered Bonds of 1907,
the value of which Is... J3.3S4.0OO
2. 400,000 United States 4 per cent
registered Bonds of 1925.
the value of which Is... 3.3S6.00O
Of these bonds J7. 200, 000
are kept In a box in the
vaults of and rented from -. •
the Xew York Stock Ex-
change Safe Deposit
Company in New York
City, and the remainder
In the vaults of tha cor-
poration.
4,022,000 Miscellaneous Railroad.
Cable and Street Rail-
way, Light and other
, Corporation Bonds and
Shares of Stock, the
value of which Is 4,155,301
All of said Bonds and
Shares of Stock are kept
in the vaults of the Cor-
poration, with the excep-
tion of $100,000 Southern
Pacific Railroad of Cali-
fornia Consolidated First
Mortgage 5 per cent
Stamped Bonds kept In
New York, in tha Safa
Deposit Box abova -men-
tioned.
$12,222,000 $14. 345.20$
Standing on tha books of tha Cor-
poration at $13,318,377 H
2— Promissory notes secured by first "
mortgages on Real Estate, within
this State, the States of Oregon,
"Washington, Utah and Nevada.
• The value of said promissory
notes Is 14,824,13* «X
3— Miscellaneous Railroad, Street
Railway and other Corporation
Bonds and Stock Certificates
pledged to the Society for tha
amount of 983,210 01
All said Notes, Bonds and Cer-
tificates are held and kept by
said Corporation in Its own '.
vaults.
4— Bank Building and Lot, tha Talaa
of which Is -123,0m 03
5— Other Real Estate situated In ,;^u,«v
tha States of California. Oregon. , "%. ¦ ,3»y
Washington and Utah, the value ' f 9
of which Is 'X.bSLv
6 — Furniture In the bank office of •£-
said Corporation LOGO 00
7— Cash In United States Gold and
Silver Coin, kept by said Corpor-
ation in Its own vaults, tha
actual value of which is , 1,308,262 49
Total .133,071.128 4i
LIABILITIES.
1— To Depositors: Said Corporation
owes Deposits amounting to, and
the value of which Is $29,SS6,2SS It
2— To Stockholders: The amount of
' Capital Stock, actually paid up.
j In Gold Coin, the value of which
Is ...." 1,000,000 00)
The condition of said liability to
stockholders Is, that no part of •
the amount can be paid to them.
or in any way be withdrawn, ex-
cept In payment of losses dur-
ing the existence of the Corpor-
ation, nor until all Depositors
shall have been paid In fall the
amount of their deposits and ac-
crued dividends.
S— To Depositors and Stockholders:
<a) The amount of the Reserve
Fund in Gold Coin, the value of
which Is .- ; $1020 000 00
Including the amount of matured * XtWJU>wu w
but nncollected interest on loans.
. (b) The amount of the Contin-
gent Fund, the value of which la. to 153 OS
The condition of said Funds Is.
¦ that the same have be»n created
- for the purpose of additional se-
curity to Depositors against
losses.
4— State. City and Connty Taxes as-
sessed by the Government but
not yet payable 94 573 3
Total .J32.C71.126 44
Th<S German E an1[ E Loaa
SW? §23ety lOf ThC G<nnan < s2Sin2 > M§*Iiaa
Stat Fra°n C i&- f^ la - Coun * <* Saa
B. A. BECKER and GEORGE TOURNY be-
Injr each separately duly sworn, each for him-
Belf.- says: That said B A Becker iVbHI^i
dent^and that said Gco.' Tourny £ T Secf/tlrv
of The German Savings and Loan ,l y
[Seal] GEO. T. KNCBC, Notary PabU» '
HALF YEARLY REPORT
— of —
The German Savings and Xoan
STATEMENT OF CAPITAL STOCK
THE GERMAN
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY,
A corporation doing business at No. S2S Cali-
fornia street.
DATKD JUNE 29TH. 1901.
CAPITAL. STOCK, actually
paid up in Gold Coin $1,000,000 OO
RESERVE FUND, actually
paid up In Gold Coin 1,020.000 OO
[SealJ B. A. BECKER,
President of The German Savings and Loaa
Society.
GEO. TOTJRNY.
Secretary of Tha German Savings and Loaa
Society.
State of California. City and County of Saa
Francisco— ss.
B. A. BECKER and GEORGE TOURNY. be-
ing each separately duly sworn, each for him-
self says: That said B. A. BECKER Is Pres-
ident, and that said GEORGE TOURNY is
Secretary of THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY, the Corporation above men-
tioned, and that the foregoing statement is
tiue. B. A. BECKER.
GEO. TOURNY.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma this 29th
da t Lan JUae ' "¦"¦ GEO. T. KNOX
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
SIXTT-SEVE2TTH : .
Things are usually what they seam to t>a
to the dressmaker.
ROOMS FOR . HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
LEAVENWORTH, ; 1521— 2 or 3 'rooms,' furnished
. or.. unfurnished; private family; rent cheap. :
MARKET, 2129, near Guerrero— Front room fur-
,. nished; f light housekeeping. • ; ' '.
MARTHA place.' 3, oft Geary st.. bet. • Mason
- and' Taylor — Nicely furnished housekeeping
...rooms; rent $S per month; every, convenience.
iMASON, 413— Sunny suite with. or without light
% t housekeeping; running water; also large very
' sunny room for one or two ' persons ; private
r..'.- family; phone. ' - - . '
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
/ ing rooms;. 75c and $1 per week. .". . .
MISSION, 2512 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; stove, use of bath. '
NOE.V 153— Two pleasant •• sunny bay-window
tooms;moderncor.flat;gasstove,bath,grate; $14.;
OAK, 119 — 1 large sunny front room, furnished
for. housekeeping; clean; | closet; $9 50. - . -
O'FARRELL^ 776— Sunny basement rooms, com-
m plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $8
and $10. . ...... ,_^
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POWELL. 15 — Two housekeeping rooms, $15;
' other rooms.
SEVENTH. 804, near Folsom— Unfurnished, 3
i nice rooms in corner "flat; connected stove;
I rent $13; references; call afternoons. ¦
I SHIPLEY. 262. near Sixth— 3 good unfurnished
. rooms; rent $S 50.
; SIXTH, 1231/4— Nicely furnished front rooms;
• light housekeeping If required; gas; house
quiet. '
SIXTEENTH. 2822 — Sunny furnished rooms,
with or- without housekeeping.
SUTTER, 2620— Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen;
- bath; furnished complete. ¦
TURK, 531 — New house, just opened; suites of
2 to 10 rooms for housekeeping.
TWENTT-THIRD, S728. near , Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice; neat: complete.
VAN NESS. 232 — Housekeeping rooms, complete,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
- lencla st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfarn.
.^., t ,
ROOMS : TO LET. «
A — For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
- finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
. day family hotel i B city; polite .attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms!
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET. 1043A— Nicely furnished suites,
$15 per month up; singles. $5 per month up.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
• nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
'CLIFFORD, 204 1 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 524 — Finely furnished rooms; suite and
single. .
EIGHTEENTH, 4343, near Douglass— Nicely
furnished "single and double.
FINE room to rent, new imDrovements, to a
gentleman by a German family, at- 1110 Har-
rison at. - •-.-.-» -
FOLSOM, 566A— By a German family unencum-
bered; 2 small furnished hall rooms with bath.
FOLSOM... 620— Furnished and unfurnished
! rooms; large garden; also housekeeping; three
r blocks from Palace Hotel. ...
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny front furnished room;
closet: private; with bath; $120 a week.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites ;slngle with baths;
transient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
FURNISHED rooms cheap— 10 Metcalf place,
near Mason St., oft Geary.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 730 — Front Bunny room;
back hall room; bath; private; reasonable.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan). 24 Turk St..
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn. ;
Just opened: strictly first class and up to date
In all appointments;- inspection invited: must
be seen to be appreciated: 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL Graiystone, 66 Geary st.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel: electric light and elevator: un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
-In the city; steam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOWARD, 1546— Laxge bay window front room;
• nicely furnished; no signs. ¦
HYDE. 2S9— Lovely large corner suites and
.'single rooms; private bath.
KEARNY, 34. and -47 ¦ Post— Sunny furnished
: rooms and offices;: rent, reasonable.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites. «ewly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND, 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
MINNA, 172 — Large sunny front room: suitable
for two, gentlemen or man and wife.
MISSION, 1061— Double and sinsle rooms to
let; cheap.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
¦offices; elevator: «lec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POST. 943 — A nicely furnished bay-window al-
cove room; running^ water.
RENT $10— Three sunny rooms. 5 Pine place,
oft Pine St., between Mason and Taylor.
POLK, 1539 — Largest, sunniest room for the
money in the city; private.
POST, 815— To let,' 'a nice sunny furnished or
unfurnished room; apply after 12 m.
-POST; 827 — Single sunny room; rent $6: also
. large basement room with double bed and
wood stove. So. . :
POWELL. 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.: baths; transient.
ROYAL . House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
' rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 642. between Seventh and Eighth
— Furnished sunny front room; bath; central.
STOCKTON. 332— The Ottington— Few choice
. suites and se\ - eral small rooms; cheap.
SUNBERG. 215 Ellis— Nice sunny rooms, en
suite or single; hot and cold water; meals
optional.: .
THIRD, 334— Nicely furnished front rooms; also
single and housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
WASHINGTON, 1678— Fine alcove sunny room:
private family; bath; telephone; Polk and
Jackson st. cars. • |
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore. st.
ROOMS AM) HO A fin.
AN exceptional^ table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807. California st. ¦
THE Roanoke, 808 Bush— New house; newly
furnished; suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator serv-
ice: cais to ail parts of city within stone's
throw of door. .. «
NICELY furnished sunny front room with
board, suitable ' for one or two genelemen;
private family; Western Addition. Box 3532,
Call .office.: • -
ELLIS, 927— Room, .board,. to gent capable giv-
ing piano Instruction; take part payment in
lessons.' ..
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
' nished sunny rooms, en suite and single, with
¦ board.' -./:..- ... ;,¦¦ ¦-¦•" ..'-. .- - . - '
STEVENSON, ¦ 681%B— Sunny furnished rooms.
I double and single; private family; board op-
tional. ,' " ;.; ,¦..-
THE Victor. 1006 Pine— New management: thor-
oughly renovated;: sunny suites with. board.
THE Crocker, S 915 Leavenwo: th — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
I front rooms., en suite, single ; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished";
.excellent table; special rates, to tourists.. .
HOTEL Las ' Palmas, • 1820 . Market— Suites, 2 or
¦'¦¦¦ 8 rooms, bath.; connecting: board optional. '¦¦¦¦.<.'
TWO young ladies or.boys to board -in private
family; $3 50 per week. ¦ 25 Minna st. : -':'¦'./.:„
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages,'., sent • to any ; address In the
' United : States r or- Canada one year for " $1. -
WANTED.
YOUNG ¦ man, ''¦ stranger . from ; East, . desires ""»
' room •, with ¦ or .- without '; board , with, a . respec-
~* table i private family; : _ must : be ¦ reasonable.
1 3490. 'Call office. * c "-¦¦¦.,¦>•¦¦ '¦•
. ;. ;•¦•;¦: rooms ; wanted. •-.•:•,'•; -..;;.;: T-
GENTLEMAN - desires 1 room, with .or without
• board, 1 in a desirable locality;' Western Addi-
: tlon. -Address box 3484. ' Call of flee. ,.t .-
-WANTED— By ¦-. two y ", adults; \t small j suite fur-
; 'nlshed ;> housekeeping : rooms, i Box • 3492,- Call.'
A' NICE front room," suitable for. two. Address
• M.O.r 613. McAllister, st." t-~ - ' -~:.V-~-fr
'ALCOVE i or ; large • unfurnished ' room ; \ vicinity
•'Of Butter and Powell. Box 3531," Call office. 'y;
REAL ESTATE — CITY—- FOB SALE.
NET** 4 rooms and bath cottage at your terms.
H PrO£i>ect ave., Mission.
FOR sale— New cottage, 4 rooms, bath, largs
basement, near Union el 302? Pierce St.
It CAL ESTATE COTOTRV— Kor SiUe
BARGAIN'S in Ranches—
$3600— Ranch. *76 acres, 10 miles east of Peta-
luma.
$4000— Highly improved 30-acre farm near
Santa Rcsa.
j3j;00 — 21 acres; fine improvements; orchard
and vineyard; near Healdsburs.
jl90(v_320 acres, improved; near Ukiah.
SStifiQ — <o acres near Fulton. Sonoma County.
J2300— 80-acre farm, improved, near Clayton.
Centra Costa County. For particulars address
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
- . *: 507 California st.
POR farms, fruit and stock ranches call or ad-
dress ROTKEKMEL & MERRELL. 507 Cali-
fornia st. . ¦ ;
$3Ooo_FARM and resort, 160 acres, on road 16
miles from Ukiah. In redwoods; 40 acres In
cultivation. 10 acres orchard; good house. 7
rooms ; cabins, barn etc.; includes all stock,
hcrses and Implements. ROTHERMEL & i
MERRELL. 507 California st. j
CHOICE end selected redwood and tan oak
timber lands in lots to suit, from 160 to £000
acres, at S3 to $7 SO per acre; some big bar-
gains; best kind of investment. ROTHER-
MEL & MERRELL, 507 California st.
TWO farms of 4S0 acres each can be bougrht
separate or In one; all No. 1 farming land; no
¦waste land; free from drought or overflow;
fine ¦water; three good wells and living water
on each ranch; good one-storj- dwelling, two
larce bams, blacksmith shop and other out-
houses on each place; large shade trees,
orange trees in bearing; a few apple trees, a
fine assortment of roses and flowers; each
place fenced in three fields; ten miles from \
Marysville. two miles from R. R. station, one-
half mile from school; pood roads and grood
neighbors. For particulars address W. B.
FILCHER, box 4C6. Marysville, Yuba Co.. Cal.
AN ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of '
Santa Cruz Mountains: C2 miles from San I
Francisco; elevation 1300 feet; unexcelled j
place for private sanitarium; ocean view.
MjS full-bearing fruit trees, consisting of
prune, peach, cherries, walnuts, pears, apples,
figs and £ hestnuts.
1S00 vines in full bearing; choicest table
grapes,
2T.00 vines; Cornichon grapes; 2 years old.
House of S rooms, barn and outbuildings; all
furniture and farming Implements go with the
place; price $4250; $2000 can remain on mort-
gage. Address D. BRITTOK,
Olympia* Theater.
MARION" GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call Bldg.
40 acres fine sandy loam, near Sebastopol; 12
acres berries. 10 acres potatoes. S acres bearing
orchard; in Gold Ridge fruit belt: price JSOOO;
want E. F. res. ; will give cash dif. for gd. home.
An entire block of 4 acres, Santa Rosa; sts.
<n a!l sifies; all in orchard, flowers and shrub-
bery; gd. hse.. barn, chicken yds., windmill and
tank; wtr.-piper everywhere : fm. eld mk. liv.
on prop.; see pho.. this of.; wd. tde. for good
Oak. equal val. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Mkt.
THE Mezes Tract at Belmont.
Containing over 500 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and other trees j
and commanding grand view, within one hour I
of the city; in subdivision; price only $75 per 1
acre and up. I
For further particulars address 1
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco. j
S140O-22 ACRES hill; 15 acres good for plow-
lng; plain house of 4 rooms, good barn. '
plenty wood, and water piped to house from I
sprins-; about 4 miles from Haywards. WM.
NICOL. 410 Kearny Et.
FOR sale— A nice home, $2300; 6'4 acres in 1
prune orchard; also house and barn and
family orchard in Pleasanton. Call at 42Vs
Clara. St.; JOHN, STEVEN'S. '
LAKE County ranch for sale; 160 acres; fine
crop of grain; plenty wood, water; near Clear
Lake. Address J. P. CRANE, Kelseyville.
PATS •well— A hotel in Crockett to rent. Mc-
ETVEN BROS., 118 Montgomery et. t
FOR Mendocino County stock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. Ukiah. Cal.
POCLTRT and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C R. TTrXFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
SAX RAFAEL REAL ESTATE.
- ¦ — — — 1
FOR sale or lease, or -will exchange for San
Francisco property, a fine residence; 9 rooms.
' 4 sleeping rooms and servant's room; bath: I
fine grounds; fruits and flowers; Btable. 709
Fifth ave.. San Rafael. Address owner, P.
TROT. 416 California St.. San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE and sales office. 321 Phelan bldg..
Market st. — Send particulars of anything you
have for exchange, eale or want; registration
free; insurance and loans. Best hotel in
prondnent city; copper, gold mines, Shasta;
4S0 acres timber land: $30C0 personal property,
jewelry, etc: magnificent Napa ranch, some-
thing good; oil lands; $30,000 wanted for real
estate deal, no risk; dairy ranch. Loe Banos.
••pays well, $3000. State ¦wants, large or small, j
TO exchange— 3 lots in Ocean View for a lot on
Union or Filbert sts.. west of Van Ness ave. ;
•will pa.y cash difference. Address W. MATH-
ESOX. 2117 Filbert st. .
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
I TVANT to buy a lot to build a*liorne: price
must be reasonable. Box 3304. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$550— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
51000— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x125.
$1100 — Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25x150. »
J1S00— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot DOxlaO.
51600 — 2-story house of S rooms; lot £5x107.
$1900 — 2-6tory house of 7 rooms; windmill,
etc.; lot 60x150.
CI00 — 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 37:6x120.
$2700— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50x14$;
near Morton station.
$4250— Modern cottage of 7 rooms; stable,
etc. : corner; 'on Central ave.
$1500— Lot on Union st., near Central ave.
$600— Lot near Morton station.
ALL NEAR SCHOOLS AND STATIONS.
Bargains in unimproved lots.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agen«-;- New Zealand, British America, Citi-
zens' and London Assurance Companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
y.'JicS'. . . Bay Station, Alameda.
Hammond &. hammondI '
Reliable Real Estate Agents.
$750— Lot on Lafayette Bt., near Santa Clara.
J1M0— Lot on Clinton; 50x150. $1500—50x150;
San Antonio ave. - •'.-> ;
$1800 — Here is a snap; modern . cottage of 6
rooms; eee this.
J3500— 7-room Colonial on corner lot; must
be sold.
S3000 — 8 rooms, modern; on San Antonio ave.;
nice eurroundinxs.
$6000 — 10-room modern; corner lot; beautifully
located.
When looking for a home call on us. "We
have them In a;i location* and at your price.
Open Sundays and evenings. •*
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2226 Santa Clara ave., neaf Park st.
LARGE 10-room cottaee. modern, large
; erounds. cost $S500, reduced to $5500. easy
terms; 2 block» land, 28 lots. $2600; lots $150
to $300, great bargains^ property must be
sold. E. D. JL'DD & CO.."
m 1424 Park st.. Alameda.
$1550— MODERN cottage: 5 rooms; newly fin-
ished; corner lot. 66xlC0: great bargain. J.
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park gt.. Alameda,
ALAMEDA COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED— A neatly furnished cottage or
housekeeping rooms; reference. Address M
G.. 2216 Santa Clara a\-e., Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Modern cottage. 6 rooms- Dath- lot
CfclSO. ISIS Mozart rt.. Alaraeda. Mastlck «tn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$500— LOTS: Wheeler tract; finest view in Berk-
eley; 3 blocks to U. C. grounds. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO.
$2000— COST $3000; 8 rooms; as good as new on
north eide of etreet; lot 40x130; 2 blocks to
train, half a block to street cars; fine chicken-
house and yard; $300 cash, balance $20 per
month. TV. C. MORAN & CO.
$2«X>— $100 CASH, balance $20 per month- see
these new cottages I have In Golden Gate :
Lorin and A6hby ave., Dwight way Berke' '
ley and North Berkeley; new; 5 to 11 rooms
with every modern improvement: fine mantel-
tinted walls; sideboard; gas fixtures; sewer
£&.*%. "?& «oBjgyg& ; Btatlonary
$100 UP for lots in all parts of the town; houses
to rent all over town from $8 to $S5 per month-
32 years* experience. \v. C. MORAN &. CO.'
Lorin gtation. or Schmidt block. Berkeley. ¦'
$2600— PRETTIEST cozy little home In Berke-
ley; new; complete; open plumbing; fronts
main Etreet; electric cars in front; near sta-
tion: lot 40x128: Sloping lawn; flowers-
chicken houses; stone walks; partly furnished
with new furniture; easy terms if desired.
GEO. \V\ AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$6500— FINE business in Berkeley; biggest bar-
gain Jn town.
S3750— New modern up-to-date home; street
»-ork all done; modem plumbing; terms rea-
sonable; beet location. ¦:
MAT & MORTIMER,
Berkeley station.
LAIST-OTTO-In this : city, Jm» V. ¦ 1901. > by
the Rev. F. W. FUcher. Otto LaJst and
: Matilda C. Otto, both of San Francisco. '
LANDRETT— COOKE— In this city, June 26.
1901. by the Rev., Frank K. Baker, James E.
Landrett-and Margaret H. Cooke, both of
San Francisco.
McCONNELL— CRAWFORD— In this city. June
28, 1301, by the Rev. John Stephens, Henry
McConnell of San Francisco and Ruby Belle
.^Crawford of Corvallls, Or.
MAASS— MAHONY— In - this city, June 16,
1901, by the Rev. D. Nugent. Alvln G. Maass
and Mary F. Mahony, both of San Francisco.
SMITH— FAUSER-In this city. June 26. 1901,
by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, John Joseph
Smith and.Geslna Magdalena Fauser, both of
San Francisco.
WOODWARD- RODDLJNG— In this city, June
23, 1901, at the residence of the bride's
parents, by the Rev. S. M. Woodward, Wal-
. ter S. Woodward and Annie Gray Roddllng.
. DIED.
Attrldge, William J. Mulr. Robert McD.
Blacklock. Teresa L. Riedeman. Helen
Burkhardt. Elizabeth Riley, Joseph F.
¦ Craig, Robert L. Rosenbaum, Henry
Dresbach. William Sanguinetti. Benjamin
Gerlach. Edward Scharger, Conrad
Hagerman, Bernard Sherry, Henry S.
Houghton, Harry B. Singer. Major Wm.
McDonnell. Mary E. Smith, Claud
McNesby. Marie Smith. William
ATTRIDGE— In Manila. May 26. 1901. William
J., beloved son of James and Mary Attrldge.
and brother of Edmund. Thomas, John,- Nel-
lie and Richard Attrldge and Mrs. E. T.
Heath, a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years and 25 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 2005 Leavenworth street,
thence to St. Bririd's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Presidio Parlor No. fS4, N. S.
G. W.. are hereby requested to attend the
funeral of our late brother. William J.
Attridse, to-morrow (Monday), at 8:45
o'clock, from his late residence, 2005 Laav-
en worth street. By order
E. J. DOUGHERTY. President.
E. J. KANNGIESSER. Secretary.
BLACKLOCK— In this city, June 27. 1901.
Teresa Louise, beloved wife of the late
James Blacklock, and mother of Mrs. Man-
ley Roberts and Annie, Jessie, William and
John Blacklock, a native of Scotland, aged
53 years.
ICXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
t the Western Addition Funeral Directors, 2428
Caliicrnia street,, between Fillmore and
Stelner. Intermenr Laurel Hill Cemetery-
BURKHARDT— In Los Angeles. June 25. 190L
Elizabeth Burkhardt (nee Whelan), dearly
beloved daughter of Charles and Mary "Whe-
lan, and mother of Edward Burkhardt, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
¦ of her parent*. 1203 Howard street, thence t4
St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, for ser-
vices.^ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRAIG— In Let Angeles. June 28. 1901, Rob-
ert L., beloved husband of Nannie E. Craig,
father of Howell R. CraiK, beloved son of
ex-Judge A. and Mary C. Craig, and brother
of James A.. George P., William T., Frank
Judson L. and Minna A. Craig, a native of
Chilllcothe, Mo., aged 40 years 10 months and
20 days.
DRESBACH— In this city. June 28, 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Isabelle Dresbach.
and father of Florence E.. Irma and Wil-
liam Dresbach and Mrs. H. H. Fuller, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 67 years 1 month and
23 daya.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2520 Union street. Interment private.
GERLACH— In this city, June 28, 190J, Ed-
ward Gerlach. beloved son of the late
Charles and Catharine Gerlach, and beloved
brother of Henry, John and Lewis Gerlach.
, a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years 6
months and 3 days. (Massachusetts papers
please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors. of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
120J Mission street, between Eighth and
Nir-th. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAGERMAN-In the City and County Hospi-
tal. June 29. 1901, Bernard Hagerman, a na-
" tive of Germany, aged 72 years.
HOUGHTON— Passed away; in this city. June
28, 1901, Harry B. Houghton, son of General
and Mrs. J. F. Houghton..
ICTTuneral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 1:30 o'clock, at his late residence. 2018
Franklin street. Interment private.
McDONNELL 1 — In South San Francisco. June
30, 1901, at the residence of her parents, cor-
ner Seventeenth avenue and Q street south.
Mary Ellen McDonnell. 1 dearly beloved
daughter of John and Catharine McDonnell,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 8
months and 11 days.
McNESBY— In this city. June 29, 1901. Marie,
beloved and only daughter of James and
Mary McNesby, and granddaughter of Mrs.
M. McNesby and the late Mrs. Ann Blake,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
21 days.
MUIR— In this city, June 27. 1901. Robert
McD. Muir, beloved husband of Annie Mulr,
devoted father of Robbie Muir, son of the
late Adam Muir and Mary Muir, brother of
William and John Muir, and son-in-law of
Mr Aitken and Mrs. Hannah Montgomery,
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years Iff
months and 24 days.
|C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
d»nce, corner of Hyde and Bay streets. A
member of Alcalde Parlor No. 154, N. S. ¦ G.
W.: Maccabees, San Francisco No. IB; Unity
Lodge No. 25, A. O. U. W. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
HALL of Unity Lodge No. 27. A. O. U. W.. 32
O'Farrell street— The funeral escort Is hereby
notifled to assemble at the hall to-day (Sun-
day), at 12:45 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Robert McD. Muir. Fines
will be strictly enforced. By order of
N. RIESE, Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW. Recorder.
RIEDEMAN— In San Jose. June 28, 1901,
Helen, beloved wife of Professor J. W.
Rledeman. and mother of Frida and Adolph
Rledeman. a native of Germany, aged 36
years.
RILEY— In this city, June 29. 1901. Joseph
Francis, dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
May Riley, lovine father of Laura Isabelle
Rlley, and brother of Henry and Edward
Riley and Fred Chambers and Mrs. Nellie
Leonard, a native of California, aged 30
years and 4 months.
(n^Funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Valente,
Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
ROSENBAUM— In this city, June 29, 1901.
Henry, ! beloved husband of Bertha Rosen-
baum, and ¦ brother of Adolph and Teresa
Rosenbaum. a native of Hungary, aged 43
years and 6 months.
SANGUINETTI— In the City and County Hos-
pital. June -29. 1901. Benjamin Sanguinetti. a
native of Italy, aged 61 years.
SCHARGER— In this city. June 28. 1901, Con-
rad Scharger, dearly be;jved husband of
Maggie Scharger, stepson of Mrs. Caroline
Scharger, and brother of Charles and Minnie
-Schaiger, a native of Baden. Germany, aged
41 years 7 months and 14 days.
CJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1602 Harrison street, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
SHERRY— Drowned at Benicla, June 23. 1901.
Henry S.. beloved son of the late M. I* and
Margaret Sherry, and brother of Mary, John
1 and Jennie Sherry, and Mrs. W. B. White, a
native of California, aged 22 'years. (Cleve-
land, Ohio, papers please copy.)
SINGER— In thi« city. June 87. 1901. Major
William Singer, ' a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 88 years -3 months and 14 days.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday>, at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 143 San Jose avenue. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In Alameda. June 28. 1901. Claud
Smith, beloved son of Mrs. Ella ,£mlth, and
brother of Laland Smith, a native of Cali-
fornia. a«ed 14 years 6 months and 3 days.
SMITH— In New York City, June 13,. 1901. Wil-
liam Smith (formerly of San ' Francisco), be-
loved father of William A. Smith and Mrs.
G. W. McGinn, a native of \ Halifax. Nova
Scotla.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
{Successor to Flannagan * Gallagher.*
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FONERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
tO Fifth St., opposite Lincoln SchooL
, - Telephone South 80. 0
Ru7enT^3cGlnn^^^^^TdcGl5JN ll^ROsT
! Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
ilEDDT STREET.
Telephone South 262. 8an Francisco.
No Connectjoji_Wlth_Any Other House.
IViV Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET.; STREET.
v J. HENDERSON. Manager.
•;¦ Fourth of July Bill at Dewey.
. OAKLAND, June 29.— Manager Landers
Stevens of the Dewey, Theater Is making
special preparations , to stage the great
melodrama "The -Plunger" for Fourth of
July week/There was a general demand
from the patrons >¦ of the house for an-
other -week's ' continuance of "The First
Born,", which has been the success of the
season ¦ for the - Stevens stock company,
but • arrangements had been entered upon
in 1 advance for the changed bill. "The
Plunger" Is a favorite role with ' Landers
Stevens. ..."-. New; scenery. Is being painted
and .the piece.- will' be elaborately cos-
tumed/• [ WHEAT— The markets all ¦ ' over '• the 'world
were quiet and featureless, ¦ as usual on Satur
day. Paris ¦ and Liverpool futures were lower.
Chicago was -weak; with small, trading, 'and
July liquidation, continued." -'¦• The.' strength in
coarse grains tended to, help wheat.*/ - . :..
This market, like the, others,' was dull, and
futures were several • fractions lower. ¦¦; : ;'
Wheat and Other Grains.
The China took out a treasure, list of $501,039,
consisting of $212,654 in Mexican dollars,, $1570
in gold cpin. $200,815 in gold bullion and $86,000
In silver' 'bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....... — . $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight ........ — 4 89
Sterling cables * .'. — ¦> , ; 4 90
New York Exchange,. sight....... — ' 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. : — ' .'. .15
Sliver, per ounce — : !69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal W/b @ ' 60
Exchange. and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS-
Chicago Grain Market.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues very low over Cali
fornia, Nevada and the valley of the Coloradp.
An area of low pressure covers the entire
southwestern portion of the country-
There has been a slight fall In temperature
in the Sacramento Valley and a fall from S to
10 degrees along the coast. Maximum tempera
tures of 110 degrees are reported In the San
Joaquin Valley end along the Mexican bound
ary.
Rain has fallen over Washington and North
ern Oregon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. June 30, 1901:
Xorthern California — Fair Sunday; n>t so
tvarm In the interior; brisk northerly winds;
westerly winds on the coast, with fog In the
afternoon.
Southern California— Cloufly Sunday along the
eoast; fair in the interior: not so warm; north
erly winds inland; fresh westerly winds on the
coast. . f
Nevada— Fair Sunday; cooler; light northerly
teinds.
Utah— Fair Sunday; cooler; fresh northerly
winds.
Arizona— Cloudy Sunday In northern portion;
fair in southern portion; fresh easterly wnid.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday; not
*o warm; light northerly winds, changing -to
fresh, westerly, with fog in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
It New York Stock Market.
j NEW YORK. June 29.— Professional opera
tions r>layed a large part in to-day's stock mar
ket, but the professional operators bought
stocks Quite freely and bid up prices with con
fidence. The conviction that the money mar
ket -will show progress toward greater ease
next week with the disbursement of funds ac
cumulated for the purpose of paying half-year
ly dividends and interest, was the mainspring
of this confidence. There «ae relief also over
the settling up of the affairs of the Stock Ex
change house which closed its doors yesterday.
Although the embarrassment of this house
came as a eurpribe to the general public, its
struggle to secure means to continue has been
known to business connections for some time
end has created dread of the effect of the fail
ure. It ls believed that a considerable part of
lt» credits had been accumulated with the
bank whose suspension was caused thereby.
With the shock of the announcement passed
and the affairs in course of settlement, the at
mosphere is felt to be clearer. The corn car
rying grangers were in conspicuous demand to
day on account of favorable reports regarding
the corn crop. Illinois Central roee S%, St.
Paul >V» and Bock Island 2%. There was a
fair sprinklnlg of gains, reaching a point cr
more, among the Important standard stocks.
The market closed Quiet and etcady at about
tbe tor level.
The influences which ere usually looked to
to repress if not depress epeculation in stocks
during the last week in June have been em
phasized this week by the disturbance of cred
it caused by the failure of the Seventh National
Bank and the Stuck exchange house whoso
operations had involved the bank in its diffi
culties. The financial disturbance in Germany
growing out of the failure of th*» Leipzic Bank
hac Irt-t-n a minor influence in the same direc
tion. The result has been some forced liquida
tion by weak speculative holders, which cut
Into prices throughout the list. The liquidation
«u not remarkably heavy and prices showed
resiliency, coming back rather easily in the
Intervals. The eelling pressure was partly due
to the fact that the Stock Exchange bou&e in
volved was on the ehort side of tile market and
the cloeJng out of Its accounts Involved the
buyinp-in of stocks. But the usual • conse
quences of a downfall of banking credit, how
ever much the causes were seen to be .local
ized and due to Irregular methods, were not
to' be escaped. The disclosures in connection
with the failure made no showing calculated to
Temperature at 7 a. m., 62.
HOTEL AHUIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R E Jack, S L Obisn.0
A W Popper, N Y
Miss K Popper, N T
Miss E Popper, N T
L L Thomas, Detroit
J A Murphy, Chicago
J Treadwell, S C
E H Meeks & w. Ariz
W G Gasslin. Portland
P Traeger, N T
J Friedlander. Cal
W Douglas, Arizona
R F del Valle, Ls Ang
Mrs Beschy. London
G Beschy, London
J C Ainsworth & w, Or
C C Blevins. Ind
E T Wallace. Yreka
W P Tanner, NY
Mrs P M Jones, Ls An
M Friedlander. N Y
J Sivatson, Chicago *
A H Conger. Los Angr
H A Newpher. Ohio
J D Carr, Salinas
L Denlng, England
MS Niswander. Cal
G F Fry. Cripple Crk
W Kollerunner, India '
M Adler & w, Shanghl
Capt Cradock. London
W H Zinn, Alabama
R G Beebe. Los Any
M R Walrd. England
R W Handley, Englnd
W Chapman & w. Ens
Mrs W Honeyman, Or
Miss Honeyman. Or
Miss R Honeyman. Or
T D Honeyman. Or
J R Adams, Chicago
S Jacobs. U S N
*J F Green. USN
W J Hawks, Los Anff
C H Markham. PortUt
H Feehan. USN
M Leavison, Minn
W Rosnosly. Boston
L D Garrett & w, N T
W R Butler. Omaha
T G Haywood. Norwich
S Spltzer. Toledo
M M Dinkelspiel..Cal
Miss M Simpson. Cal
J £ Morse. Boston
Dr W Field. Los Acs
J K Taylor. I> C»
F B Jones, D C
G B Davis & w, DC'
H Halle. New Tork j
W C Todd, N T
G Whltlock. USS ]
E F WUcox, USA*
GRAND HOTEL.
H Jacobs, Hamburg
C B Mayhew, Sacto
J Marley, S Joee
S T Britten, Cal
H Grayson. Oakland
H A Slegel, N Y
J J Dlmon, S Jose
E Saunders, Oakland
J D Smith, Redwood
E J Parkinson. Aria
J Winder Jr Utah
W Maxwell & w, Ohio
Mrs -Ward. Ohio
G F Holman, Chicago
J Bonna, Fresno
J H Trost & c. Cal
Dr Tully. Stockton
F L Sellick, Portland
T D Petch, Eureka
J H Martin, Stockton
J S Hitchings. N Y
M H ¦Wall, Japan
W Semachess, Japan
E A.Wilcox. S Jose
W Beard. Orovllle i
C B Brown, England
Mrs T Wright. Cal
Mrs E Wright, Cal
F M Norboe. Hanford
G Olliver, Suiaun
E G Wole, Suisun
E Renmen, Denmark
M V Allen. Chlco
F P Swlter, USA
J Thanem. Portland
J H Delbrldge, Wis
P Gilman, Palo Alto
Lieut Schmidt, U S A)
J Graham, Denver
L Harris. Cal
L E Taft. Chicago
W Skinner, N Y
P J Keller, Phila - '
Mrs M Hanna, Va ¦
Mrs B Venoble, Va
W H Spencer & w. Cal
D Heally & w, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W McAllister, Portland
J L Murphy, N Y
J D Hostle,. Denver
W F Wood. San Pedro
E E Small. San Pedro
E A' Vincent. Neb
R H Gomgs. Arizona
W Gandon, Boston
F L Parmenter, S Crua
G Green, Sonora - '
H G Moulton, Seattle
A J Pope. Chicago •
J Mulacke. New Orlna
C H Day. Portland
F Burnell. Chicago
H L Wyatt. Denver
Mr & Mrs Romaln, Cal
J H Johnson, Manila
Bay Co P C 5s.lO5VS — 1 Oceanic SS 5s. —
Cal-st 5s., 118 — Omnibus R 6s. 127 —
C C Water 5s-.H0 — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2S%133^ Pk & C H 6s. .108 —
Fer & Cl R 63.117& — Pk & O R 6s. .117 " —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. .120
H C & S 5V.S..106V4 '— Sac E G R 5s.. — —
Do 5s ..101 102U S F & SJV 5s.l20%121
LOs Ang R 5S.114& — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A «s
Do gntd 6s.. -^ 104 (1909) ...113% —
Do gntd 5s.. 103 — (1910)« ........ 114V, —
L A & Pac Es.lC0>4 — ¦ S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s.lO2% — ,(1906), Ser A.103 108%
Market-st C 6s — 127% , (1905), Ser B.10SH109&
Do 1 c m 5s. .122% — (1906) 109% —
Nev Co N G 7slO5 111 (1912) ..U» 122
Nor R Cal 6s.. 114^115 S P of Cal 1st
Do 6s.........im4U9»£ cp gntd g as.107 —
Nor PacC 6s.lOO% — S P Br Cal 6s. 133 —
Do 5s 10S%108% S V Water 6s.H3$i —
Nor R Cal 5s. .110 113 Do 4s — —
Oak Gas 5s. ...112% — Do 4s 3d m..l01 102%
Do Trans 6s..ll8?4 — Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water. 5s. — — . .
. ' WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 80& 81. I Spring Valley. — 86U
Marin County. 51 — I .
, ' .-!. GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.:. 3V4 — Pacific Light. 47 —
Equitable ..... 3% 4 Sacramento .7. — .
Mutual .." 4% 6 S FG & E... 42% —
Oakland ...... ..50 50% San Francisco. 4U 414
Pac Gas Imp.. 42 43% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
: Firem's Fund.242% — I
* . BANKS. - : :..•'.'
Angld-Cal 77%— L P & A ....148 —
California .....408 410 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F National.127% —
First Natlona.309 315
. ' SAVINGS BANKS.
German .1S00 1970 (=av & Loan... — — ¦
Humboldt ..... — ' — Security ... 275 —
Mutual 50 ¦ — Union Trust.. 1600
San Franclsco.527% — \
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 * O S L & H... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio ....... 25% —
Market 7C?4 — ' . '
. ' ; powder. ;
Giant ;. ......... 76% — | Vlgorit 3 314
Hana .......... 6% 7%rKIlauea .' "— —
Hawaiian 50 — Makaweli — 38
Honokaa — 21% Onomea ....... 22^4 25
Hutcljlnson "... 18% 19 (Paauhau ......— 2«
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 129%130 [Oceanic S Co.". 50 —
Cal Fruit Can. 95^4 — Pac Aux • F A. 2
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax. .165' —
MerchntsV Ex.110 . — jPar^aint .... 16 —
• • " Morning Session.
. . . Board— . . - .-I '-'
' $2000 Market Street Ry 1st con Ss....V.;.l23 75
J50C0 N P C R R 5s ..; log 50
$2000 Oakland Water 5s...... 105 po
m< Oceanic Steamship Co................ 51 50
$1000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds.. ....103 50
$2000 S P of A Bonds (1909) 113 75
! . 60 Spring Valley 'Water ...-. g 8 oo
.10 Spring Valley , Water .......; -.85 75
12000 Spring Valley 4s (2d- mortgage).... 103 25
* ; SAN FRANCISCO OIL. EXCHANGE.- '
' ' . Morning Session.'
'--'¦-" Board — ¦ -
KKHfFour Oil. Co.. 7...... .35
.1000 Lion ..... ,'..'.:.:..i... .....„• 12'
• 200 Monarch of Arizona...........;....,... 3*
200 Monarch of Arizona.'.'.. ...'.......;..... 33
200 Occidental of West Virginia.... 49
¦10 Peerless .........;.... 4 8714
25C0 Petroleum Center...:...............;. ' 06 ¦
PRODUCEES* OIL. EXCHANGE. v
. ' • '¦ Morning Session. '
1 ,"-¦ ¦¦'- "Board— •
10OO California-Standard .......;......;;.., 26.-
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..H3liU4>£M8 qr cp (new).139 140
4s quar reg....H2H113V* 3s quar coup.. 10834109}*
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
SATURDAY, June 29—12 m.
Stocks of all .kinds were dull and not ma
terially changed. ¦
The Stock and Bond Exchange has adjourned
to Saturday, July 6.
The following were ex-dlvldend yesterday:
Pacific Coast Borax, Jl; Parafflne Paint Com
pany, 25c. )
• Sales on the Producers* Oil Exchange last
week 'were 23,938 shares, valued, at $19,303, the
leading' transactions being as follows: Cali
fornia Standard, 1750 shares; Four, 1550; Home,
2015; Junction, 27CO: Lion, 3800; Monarch, 2700;
Monte Crlsto, 1020; Occidental, 2500; Sovereign.
1200; Sterling, 2100. • . . . •
-The Geary streejt. Park and Ocean Railway
Company has declared a dividend of 50c per
share, payable July 1.
The Columbus Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend of ZM. per cent per annum
on all deposits, payable July 1.
The Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend of 3% per cent per annum
on all deposits, payable July 1.
STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON-
Northern Wheat Market.
TACOMA, June 29.— Wheat l%c lower; blue
stem; 57%c; club, 56%c.
PORTLAND, June 29.— Walla Walla, E7@S8c.
PORTLAND. June 23.— Clearings, $339,217;
balances,, $108,337.
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot— Dull. No. 2 red Western
winter, cs 7'/-d; No. 1 Northern spring. 5b 7%d;
No. 1 California, 5s 10%d. Futures— Quiet.
July'. 5s 6d ;.' September, 5s 5%d. ¦
CORN— Spot— American mixed new, steady,
4s Hid; American mixed old, firm, 4s 2^d. Fu
tures— Quiet. _ July, 3s ll%d; September, '•¦ 4s;
October, 4s %d. • . - • .
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 7s 9d.
HOPS— At London— Pacific Coast, steady, £4
4sig£4 lGs.
CLOSING,
LONDON, June 29.— Consols, 93%d; silver,
27V4d; Frsnch rentes, lOOf 22V4c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quieter and hardly any demand;
English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, June 29.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard -California, 5s P%d: wheat in Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, firm; French country mar
kets, quiet: weather in England, .fine. ¦
' COTTON— Uplands. 4 ll-16d.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 29.— The cotton - market
opened firm and 10 points higher. The market
closed steady, with prices 4@16 points higher.
Foreign Markets:
NEW YORK, June "29.— The Imports of dry
poods and merchandise at the. port of New
York for the week were: valued at $11,623,700.
The imports of specie this week were *41, 137
gold and $13,792 silver.'
Exports of gold and silver from this port to
all countries for this week aggregate $S21,622
silver bars and coin and $2030 gold.
NEW YORK, June 29.— A quiet market , was
prevalent In all branches of the metal trade
to-day. Orders were light and the' demand
from local centers was of , a hand-to-mouth
character. Variation in valUPs was nofjappar
f»t; an4 in -the -absence -of information. .'.-from
abroad they were largely nominal as 'follows:
PIG IKON— Warrants, $9 50@10; -Northern
foundry, $14 25® 15 "CO; Southern foundry,- ?13 75@
15 25,- anfi soft Southern, $12 75@15 25. ' i\
TIN-$2S<g28 45. . - . ¦ .- ¦ - .
LEAD— $4 87%. ' - . . ' • ' ¦ 1 :
SPELTER— *3 92%«73.97tt.
-COPPER^Lakei $17; casting, $16 62%. .
Exports and Imports.
New York Metal Market.
¦ ST. ' JOSEPH. June 29.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1SC0. Market nominal. Natives. $4 50@6; cows
and heifers, $1 50!§5: bulls and stags,: $2 75@
o 10; stccker* and feeders, 12 75@4 60; veals,
%3 75ffi6 50. i;. J ¦ - - . ¦'• ¦
HOGS — Receipts.- .. 6184; Market 5c lower.
Light and light mixed, $5 S5f?6; . medium : and
heavy. $5 97%@6 10; pigs, $4(g5; bulk, $5 92%@6.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10Q. Market nominal.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, June .29.— CATTLE— Receipts. 200;
nominally steady. Good to prime steers, $5 20.
#6 30; stockers and feeders, $2 75<g'4 80; cows.
$2 70@4 75; heifers, i |2 75(S>>4 20; canners, 1 $2®
2 70; bulls, $2 90^4 60; calves, $4@6 40; Texas
fed steers, $4 25@5 40; Texas grassers, $3 50®
4 10; Texas bulls. $2 75®3 75. • i ' '
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 11,0(10; Monday. 33,
000; estimated left over, 1000. Steady to strong;
top, $U 23; mixed and butchers, '• $5 8506.17%;
good to choice, heavy, $6@6 25; rough heavy,
$r. 83<g5 95; light, $5 S0©6 12%; bulk of sales,
?3 97V.fiG 10. - - • • -
¦ SHEEP — Receipts 2000. -AVeak, slow. Good
to choice wethers, $3 6.">fJ4; fair to choice mixed,
& 40<f»4 S3; Western sheep, $3 70@4; i yearlings,
$3 9('li4 23; native lambs, $3 75@5 10; Western
lambs, $1 50@5.10. . . .
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
.Wheat— • '-..•¦; = June. ,,' Sept.
Opening ....' 06 . 5 b%
Closing 5 6 o 5%
PARIS. ~
' Wheat — - - June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ....20 15 .2135
Closing 20 20 4 2135
Flour-
Opening ...25 70 27 25
Closing. ...25 90 27 20
Foreign Futures.
Red Bluff. 100; Mount Tamalpais, 90; Saa
Luis Obispo, SS; Fresno, 110; Los Angeles. SC;
Sacramento, 104; Independence, .100; San Diego,
66.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
77; minimum, 54; mean. 66.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRAXCISCO, June 29/— 5 p. m.
Ths following maximum temperatures were
reported from etations in California to-day:
Weather Report.
*The movement In dried fruits In this mar
ket last week *vas of small proportions. Trade
is as active as it ever is at this season, and
some dealers think they see some Elight im
provement over the umal early summer de
mand. Prunes are going out in a fair way,
considering the increased Quantities of fresh
fruits coming into the markets daily. Oregohs
.are quite well cleaned up on the spot, but a
car of 40-50s, due in a few days, is selling in
email lots at 6\c, to arrive. Raisins are gen
erally dull. Imported Valenclas, however, are
meeting wltli some demand both from the do
mestic and Canadian trades. Figs are firm,
and the light stocks are becoming cleaned up
st gradually stiffening prices. Stocks of dates
B practically til in cold storage, to stay until
Apricots are firm, with light demand,
cbes are quiet at unchanged prices. Kvap
ed apples were Quiet during the week,
ice and fancy are in quite good demand
a the competitive trade. Waste continues
l. vrith come inquiry. - Brazil nuts are very
6trong at the recent advances, and all indica
tions are that the new crop will be very light,"
Mall advices from New Tork eaj-
Dried Fruit in New York.
Local bank clearings last week were $19,;9-1,
8H. against J1S,8S3,2OS for the same week last
year. For the month of June they were SSJ,-
BCS.SSl. against JM.Oli.sr.l for June, 1900. For
the first 6lx months of the year thev were $547.-
SK*,S92, against J4S2,0SS.43a for the same period
last year.
Bank Clearings.
2CEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares - - Closing
Sold. Stocks— - . Bid
20,100 Atchison .., . say.
6,400 Atchison prefd ; 105%
LC0O Baltimore & Ohio 10S%
- 200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd... 94^
*00 Canadian Pacific IOJ14
300 Canada Southern 69U
600 Chesapeake & Ohio ........"..., 48%
600 Chicago & Alton ; 45'.2
S00 Chicago & Alton prefd * W$J
3C0 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy: 136=4
600 Chicago, Ind & Louisville '37«>
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 72
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 126'
1,600 Chicago & Great Western 24=",;
200 Chicago ic, Great Western A prefd.. 85
Chicago & Great Western ii prefd.. 52
200 Chicago & Northwestern 202
1,300 Chicago, Rock Inland & Pacific... 15S^i
X100 Chicago Terminal & Trans 24
900 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.. 46'i
2,800 C, C, C & St Louis SS^i
100 Colorado Southern I4',i
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 5Hs
100 Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 22»i
100 Delaware & Huds-m 167
Delaware, Lack & West. 237
100 Denver & Rio Grar.de 50V£
600 Denver & Kio Grande prefd 101 '
15.200 Erie 43%
7,700 Erie 1st prefd V3»4
L200 Erie 2nd prefd 5S»»
400 Great Northern prefd 1S6
100 Hocking Valley 53%
200 Hocking Valley prefl T5»*
10,200 Illinois Central 154V4
200 Io^i a Central 40^
800 Iowa Central prefd S7>£
100 Lake Erie & Western 57 ~
Lake Erie &' Westert prefd 118
2,700 Louisville & Nashville no?4
2.1C0 Manhattan L 125
800 Metropolitan Street Railway 174
300 Mexican Central 28'4
Mexican National 10^4
600 Minneapolis & St Louis 1C6
5,700 Missouri Pacific '. 121%
700 Missouri, Kans & Texts 31
200 Missouri, Kans & Texas prefd G1V4
200 New Jereey Central- 16S^
6,000 New York Central 1^34
000 Norfolk & Western 52Vfe
.Norfolk & Western prefd 8SVi
Northern Pacific 120
100 Northern Pacific prefd 96Vi
2,100 Ontario. & Western 371^
1L500 Pennsylvania 152%
4,960 Beading 46'^
2,400 Reading 1st prefd "!\s%
2,800 Reading 2nd prefd 57>4
300 St Louis & San Fran 47^.
300 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 83
800 St Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd..... 70^4
200 St Louis Southwestern 34
300 St Louis Southwestern prefd 67 !
20,200 St Paul 177T4
100 St Paul prefd iss
23,500 Southern Pacific 60^
6,200 Southern Railway 334g
700 Southern Railway prefd 86Va
1,700 Texas & Pacific 4«Vi
,.. Toledo, St Louis & West 21
100 Toledo, St Louis & West prefd 37Vi
2S.600 Union Pacific ..'. ...Ill
£00 Union Pacific prefd 90>4
700 Wabash' • 23«»
2,200 Wabash prefd 44%
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie....:.... 2OV3
....... Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d pn;fd.... 33
700 Wisconsin Central , 25V4
Wisconsin Central prefd 47
P C C & St Louis 76
Express Companies —
Adams 175
American ...195
United States 88
Wells-Fargo 145
Miscellaneous — £ . . . ' ,
7.509 Amalgamated Copper ..124
1,400 American Car & Foundry 32"»
409 American Car ii Foundry prefd.... 88%
MO American Linseed Oil 25
COO American Linseed Oil prefd. 55%
1,500 American Smelt & Refng : 38Vfc
100 American Smelting & Refng pref4..lO3V4
American Tobacco 137
6C0 Anaconda Mining ../. 48%
2,300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.. 82%
600 Colorado Fuel & Iron... 115%
1,400 Consolidated Gas ...223
L400 Continental Tobacco 6S"i
600 Continental Tobacco prefd... .118%
700 General Klectric ....262
JOO Glucose Sugar 60
200 Hocking Coal 23%
International Paper 23
International Paper prefd 77.
100 International Power » .55*4
200 Laclede Gas $5%
•• 200 National Biscuit 4484
100 National Lead. 122
National Salt .; 4414
• 1.100 National Salt prefd 76^4
S00 North American 104
Pacific ¦ Coast ..:.'.". .70'
Pacific Mall 41
1,700 People's Gas '.....'. .Y........... i]g«
- 800 Pressed Steel Car .'.: 4|i|
2U0 Pressed Steel Car prefd &6 -
Pullman Palace Car ..- 20«>
1,400 Republic Steel " ~>u
400 Republic Steel prefd .'"' r« -
4,800. Sugar .....'.:...........l45U
15,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron ;.. ',h>
.900 Union Bag & Paper Co. '.".::. .V 17 '*
.:..... Union Bag & Paper Co prefd .... 72VS
• C00' United Htates Leather............... 14
6^0 United Klates Leather prefd:....... 7V-1
. 200 United States Rubber .......;......:. 21
arouse distrust as to the soundness of the
general business situation, but the character of
ihe securities Involved and shown to have fig
ured in that banking business supposed to be
conducted on conservative linos had the inevi
table effect of caufcing a closer scrutiny of col
lateral on. the i>art of all money lenders and
a feeling of suspicion of credits in general.
Much had been said and written since the
stock market panic in- May of the healthful
result of that episode in having checked ex
cessive speculation which Would lead to infla
tion of X'rices and to the flotation of all man
ner of doubtful securities. The very general
recuperation in prices of standard securities
since the May overturn has revived confidence
in 'the intrinsic value of securities. 'Such de
velopments as those of this week, however, in
cite to some contemplative reasoning as to the
after effects likely to" flow from a great epec
ulatije boom like that of this year, in its
residue of securities in which capital was con
fidently invested during the boom period with
the well warranted prospect of a ready sale,
while all was confidence in the indefinite rise
of pricos and speculators were eagerly seek
ing new securities. The number of new secu
rities of a minor class which do not figure at
all in the Stock Exchange dealings and which
are of the class designated as "inactive," has
been multiplied in the last few months. There
have been in consequence much throwing out
of doubtful collateral for loans and calling of
loans for any cause of dissatisfaction, which
aggravated the scarcity of money incident to
the season. Great confidence is professed that
thp market will be benefited by the release of
lanre amounts of money next week by the divi
dend and interest disbursements, but in times
past this relief has proved somewhat tardy on
many cases. Notwithstanding the restrictions
of money supplies and the narrowness of the
speculation. Wall street sentiment is that a*
r-orfidenee in the future. The outlook for a
wh.>.at crop of almost unexampled proportions,
coupled with foreign shortage, is the most Im
portant item in this confidence.
T'le shortage in Germany has been supple
merited by the- growing evidence of large re
quirements by France. It is felt that the growth
of foreign exchange at the gold export point,
while the excess of our merchandise exports
over imports, is at an unprecedented level. The
larg-j production of gold in the United States
has made the world dependent upon us for a
rart of its supply of the precious metal. The
strii ping of foreign markets of American se
curities and the possible, resumption of South
African gold production, in connection with'
the maintenance of our favorable trade bal
ance and the continuance of industrial activ
ity in the United States are liable to result In
the •liversion of the gold current to New York
In the autumn. Such a development would be
llkel;' to have a revivifying . influence upon
prices of etocke here.
Bonds were slightly more active than usual
and ihe price movement was irregular.
United States refunding coupon advanced *£,
do registered *£ and the new 4« 14 above the
closirg call of last week. The 3s coupon ruled
*4 lov.-er.
John Buick to Catherine Buick. lot on N Un»
of Bush street. 163 W of Scott. W 2» by N
"j'eremiah. H. Regan to Agnes B. Ahern lot
on W line of St. Mary's street. 167 S of Cali
fornia. S 27:6. W 57. N 26:10, E 28:6, N :3. E
2a j 6 ohn O( s". Gregory to William B. Prlagle. lot
on SW line of Steuart street. 1S3:4 SE of Mis
sion. SE 45:10 by SW 137:6; $1000.
Mary. Catherine or Catherine >L. Margaret
A.. Elizabeth. Emma and Mary Fowler to
Bessie M. Ashton, lot on NW line of Welsh,
street. 190 NE of Fourth. NE 20 by NW SO;
Harriet M. Lynch to Thomas Lynch, lot on
NE line of Morri3 avenue. 225 SB of Harrisons
street SE 25 by NE 80 (reserving Ufa estata o£
half Interest) ; gift.
Edwin and Ettle A. Tompklns to Solomon
Getz lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 1.5 N
of J street. N 23 by E 120; J1000.
P. Y. Jehlke to Andro and Carolina Chrealk.
lot on NW line of Arlington street, 216 NE OC
Miguel, NE 29 by ICO. block 15. Falrmoant; $42o«
Alameda County. ,
Joseph C and Mary Isherwood to Samuel and
Mary B. Adams, lot on W line- of Miles avenue.
175 S of Summer street. W 123. S to N boundary
line of Humboldt Park Tract, thenca SE to
Miles avenue, N to beginning. Oakland; «0OO. I
Samuel J. and Bessie Silva to A. J. Snyder,
lot on W line of West street, 35 S of Thirty
sixth, S 35 by W 116:3. Oakland; J300.
Frank B. Ogden (executor estate of Elizabeth
L Butchinson) to James Niven. all Interest la
lots 28 27 and 28. Claremont Park, being resub
di vis Ion of lots 3 to 8, block I. Vernon Par*,
Oakland; $258. -
Philo Mills (administrator estate of Henry
Ferguson) to C. W. Gordon, all Interest In lot*
5 6, 22 and 23 and S 5 feet of lot 4. block I.
Revised Map San Pablo avenue- Villa Tract,
Oakland; grant.
Joseph C. and Anna Petersen to Jane Cava
nagh. lot on E line of Leise avenue. 690 N ot
East Fourteenth street,- N 50 by E 136.14, S 50,-
W 136.40, Brooklyn Township: $1000.
Emma E. Jenkins to Isaac L. Saxton. lot on
S line of Putnam street, 77 E of Wheeler ave
nue. E 28 by S 110, lot 4. and E 3 feet of lot 3.
In subdivision C, Frultvale Terminal Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $500.
Bridget and Peter Donnelly to Brlsima. Mar
shall, lot 39, on map of Smith's subdivision, ot
San Leandro, Eden Township $500.
William Rutherford to Josephine E. Ruther
ford, lot on W line of Andover street. 250 S oC
Edwards. S 50 by W 125. lot 57, Pacific Theo
logical Seminary Tract. Oakland: gift.
H. C. and Nellie G. Babco<fk to John H. Solo
man, lots 7 and 8, block A, Humboldt Park.
Oakland: $500.
Florence Wanton to George Edwards, lot 11.
on map of subdivision of Bell property, war
ranty deed, Berkeley; $350.
A. A. Fink to Pythian Hall Association, lot on,
NW corner of Shattuck avenue and Berkeley
way. N 40. W 79.28. S 33.90. E 76.43 to beginning,
lot X, block 1. Sea View Park. Berkeley; $3500.
A. L Williams to Kate H. Williams, lot on
W line of Louisa street, 40 N of Rose. N 40 by
W 135, lot 29, block 8, Berryman Tract. Bsrke
ley: gift.
Antonio V. and Rosa V. Alves to Joseph E.
Farla, lot 7, block G. map ot Andrew Jones
subdivision. Brooklyn Township: $500.
Builders' Contracts.
A Stelling (owner) with A. S. Ruch (con
tractor), architect Edgar A. Mathews — All
work for & two-story frame dwelling on E line
of Gough street. 137:6 N of California. E 81:3
by N 25; $4773.
-Whitney Estate Company (owners) with O.
E. Brady & Son (contractors), architect Na
thaniel Blaisdell— Alterations and additions to
a five-story and basement brick building on
S line of Geary street, 137:6 E of Stockton. E
112:6 by S 137:6; ?1700. v .
Fanny L. Sprague (owner) with J. C. Cald
well (contractor), architect Edgar A. Mathews
— All work for a two-story and basement framw
dwelling on N line of Broadway, 192:6 W ot
Fillmore street. N 137: 6^ by W 40; $8275.
BEAL ESTATE TBAUSACTIONS.
Articles—. '¦¦¦ ¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
¦ Wheat. No. 2— '¦. :
June .....;.... ¦ .... .... ....'• 65%
July . .-; '66 66 65% 65)g
September ......... . 66% 66% : 66*4 \ ' 66%
Corn No.' 2— • -.' '•*- "s; ¦ _ ,
June ..; .... ..... -..."..'"> -43%
July 43H . "'. 44V4 : . 43 .43%
September 44?i 45% ' - 44% . '45%
December 42% 44% " 42%^ "l\%
¦ Oats 'No. 2— ;•-:¦ ' ';.' • ¦'¦¦ ¦' ¦' ¦ '¦ ' ¦'¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦
July ......'... 26?i : - 27V4 26%' 27
September 26% ' 27% " 26% B 27^4
May . 29V4 29»i : . 29V4 ;' 29%
Mess Pork, per barrel— •
July 14 55 14 65 14 55 , 14 62%
September 14 80 14 87% N 14 77% 14 82%
: Lard, -pe-rv-100 pounds— 1 ¦' - " ¦
July 8 62% 8 65 8 62% S 63
September.. 8 70 .,8 75-8 70 ',8 75
October ....867% 8 73% 8 67% . 8 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— .
July ..802% ,805 . 8 02% -. 8 02%
September 8 15 ' •- 8' 20 8 IS . 8 17%
October ¦ 8 07% 8'12% 8 07% 8 10
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull; winter ' patents, $3 5003 60;
straights,. $3@3 30; spring patents. $3 25@3 55;
straights, $2 70P3; bakers'. $1 80@2 60; No. 3
spring wheat, 62@65c; No. 2 red. 63%@66;.No. 2
corn, 43%c; No.- 2 yellow. 43%c; No. -2. oats,
28Vi@2S*ic; No. 2 white, 31c; .No.. 3 wbite.' 23®
30%c: No. 2 rye, 46%«J)47c; good feeding barley,
50c; No 1 flax seed, $1 88;, No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 88; mess pork, per barrel. $14 62%@14 65;
lard, per 100 pounds, $8 62%@8 65; short ribs
sides (loose). $7 95@8 13; dry -salted shoulders
(boxed), 7%«?7»ic; short clear sides (boxedV
$8 4G@S 50; 'whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27^
clover, contract grade, $9 50. . **
Articles— . ¦- . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels : 24.000 20.C00
Wheat. bushel3 C2.00.V . ¦ 221.000
Corn, bushels .......132,000 183,000
Oats, bushols ...116.000 ..- . 2o4,000
Rye. bushels 3,000 1,000
Barley, bushels :...........'....... .. ' •
On the Produce E^fhapee , to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, ]4Vi<f919c: Dai
ries. llH-®16%c. Cheese, steady. 9@10c. Eggs,
weaker, lie. . ¦ J ; •¦ •-
CHICAGO, ., June 29. — Wheat opened easy on
lower cables, and the market '. was devoid of
any features, the only one being some small
offerings at the opening, when .'prices were: at
the lowj i>olnt. ¦ 'A '.limited 1 demand . existed on
the part of one or two leading bulls, 1 and'con
siderable eveninc • ud "was done toward the
- The market for evaporated apples displayed
considerable steadiness owing to small stocks
but only a Jobbing demand occurred at old
prices. State, common to good, 3S.5c- Drime
5%S5%c; choice, 6U; fancy, 6%@7cT '
California dried fruits ruled dull. . -
PRUNKS— 2%@6%c per pound as to size and
quality. ' . . ...
APRICOTS— Royal, S^)12c; Moorpark, 7U@i2c
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@lSc; unpeelcd, . 0&10c!
DRIED FRUITS.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7.092 packages; quiet and
steady. Creamery, 15®19%c: factory, 12U<tti5c
KGGS— Receipts, 8800 packages; . firm. West
ern candled, 13'i@14c; Western uncandled 11
(&13c. . '. •
COFFEE— Spot Rio, market quiet; No. 7 in
voice, 6 l-16c; mild, steady; Cordova, 8V4@12%c.
Futures closed quiet and net unchanged. Total
sales were but 4250. bags, including September,
5.25c; November. 5.40c; March, 5.70c; May, 5 75c
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal. 06 tost. 4 7-S2c; molasses sugar
3 5-16c. Refined, steady; No. 6, 4 95c No 7*
4.65c; No. 8. 4.75c: No.. 3, 4.70c; No. 10. 4* 65c- No'
11. 4.C0c; No. 12, 4.55c; No. 13, 4.55c- No* 14
4.50c. Standard A, 5.30c; confectioners, 5 35c'-
Mold A, 5.85c; cut 'loaf, 6.00c; crushed, 600c'
powdered, 5.60c; granulated, 'o.50@5.75c." '
Wheat— Receipts, 78,550 bushels; exports, 15,-
P28. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 72%c f. o, b. afloat;
No. 2 red, 72%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 73%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
83%c f. o. b afloat. Options opened easier and
were dull, reflecting July liquidation, lower
cables, short selling, perfect home crop condi
tions and prospects, for an-. Increasing move
ment. They finally rallied on- covering and
with corn and closed steady; at unchanged
prices, except July, which was %c lower. July,
72>,4ciia72%c, closed 72%c: September. 72Vs@72%c
closed 72%c; October, 72%@72%c, closed 7294c;
December, 73%074^c, closed 74%c. ¦>.'-.
HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice, 1900
crop, 16^18c; 1S99, 10@13c: old olds, 2@6c; Pa
cific C-oast, 1900 crop, 16@18%c; 1899,. Il@l5c;
old olds, 215 6c. . r
HIDES— Firm: California, 21 to 25 pounds,
19M:e: Texas dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 14<g;i4%c.
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 25«J27e.
NEW YORK— Flour— Receipts, 19,237 barrels:
exports, 4397. Dull and easy without change.
Minnesota patents, $3 70@3 80;. '• Minnesota
bakers, |2 80@3 15; winter patents, $3 60@3 90;
winter straights, $3 40@3 E0; winter extras,
$2 B0@2 85; winter low grades. $2 30@2 40.
LONDON. June 29.— Atchison, 95U: Canadian
Pacific, '10714; Union Pacific preferred, 93;
Northern Pacific preferred, 88; Grand Trunk,
10*4; Anaconda, 9%; Bar Silver, quiet, 27Vid per
ounce; Money, 3 per cent. - •
Money continues to be tight at previous rates,
While there was not much business on the
Stock Exchange here to-day, the tone was firm.
There was good buying of American stocks on
a small scale, the particular favorites being
Atchison, Denver & Rio Grande, Erie, South
ern Pacific and United States Steel. Confidence
apparently Is just restored.
NEW YORK, June 2D.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
WASHINGTON, June 29.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
rash balance, ?175,0SS,22L; gold, $38,571,338.
Condition of the Treasury.
The Financier eays: The bank statement of
last week reflected in the decrease of «10, 474,000 in
loans, the liquidation In this item which was in
progress during the greater part of. the week
and also the elimination from the statement of
about $4,C0O.0O0 of the loans of the closed Sev-.
enth National Bank. The cash was reduced by
$392,700, which amount very closely agrees with
the preliminary estimate of the movement of
money during the week. It should be noted,
however, that the elimination of the Seventh
National's cash, which in the previous week
was reported at $1,335,400, should be considered
as more or less affectir.g the statement. In ex
planation of the loss of cash through Sub-Treas
ury operations, it should be observed that in
addition to the depository receipts over dis
bursementn there was a payment ¦ into the
Treasury early in the week of about $1,900,000
by the Chicago and Northwestern, which in the
previous' week bought from the Government the
latter's interest in the Uoux City and Pacific
Railway. Detailed returns of the movement of
cash between banks of this pity and of the
interior disclosed some withdrawals which' may
have been caused by apprehension- of trouble
resulting from the Seventh National's failure.
The decrease of $11,462,200 in deposits Includes,
of course, the $5,712,400 reported by the Sev
enth National in the week ending June 22. This
total loss by all banks, however, harmonizes
with the decrease of cash and of loans. It is
noteworthy that ihe circulation of the banks
as shown In the statement was reduced $351,700.
This, however, was due to the omisssion from
the return of the $299,300 circulation of the Sev
enth National as ttell as by the other items of
that bank. The incidents of the weak were of
a more or less disturbing character, but the
outlook on the whole appears favorable. Be
ginning on Monday the heavy disbursements of
dividends, aggregating over $100,000,OCO, will be
inaugurated, and in addition # to this supplies of
gold are already arriving from Alaska. There
will be a great deal of shifting of funds and
this .will be reflected in succeeding bank state
ments.
Surplus— *8,S44,20O, increase Jl.872,630.
NEW YORK, June 29.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows:
Loans— $$32,251,300. decrease $10,374,000.^
Deposits-f971,282,000. decrease ?U.«2,2C0.
Circulation— $30,535,800. decrease $331,700.
Legal tenders— $79,018,100, decrease $7100.
Specie— J172.311.600, decrease $985,300.
Reserves— $251,328,700, decrease $992,700.
Reserve required— $212,843,500, decrease $2,865,-
E30.
Associated Banks' Statement.
MINING STOCKS.
Aflams 25 Little Chief 13
Alice 45 Ontario 8 25
¦ :: r?ece 1 60 Ophir ........:....... 84
I'runswlck Con..... IS Phoenix ,09
•Coirf-tock Tunnel... 5»4' Potosi ..: 05
Ocn Cal & Va......2 10 Savage 08
Dcadwood Terra 50 Sierra Nevada -18
Horn Silver l-35ISmall Ho;ies ....... 45
Iron Silver CO Standard 3 40
Leadville C#n 05! • .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 1 Union Land 3
Call loans .3%#4 !West Knd 6T.
Time loans ....4--@4'i Westinghcuse El... 08
Stoekr— Bonds—* .
A T & .« F S9 Atohison 4s........ 103
A T & S F prefd.. 1O5V4 N E Gas&Coke fs. .".9
American Sugrar...H4^l Mining Shares-
Am Susar prefd...323»i!4-dventure 21
Am Telephone 156 Blngham Min Co.. 22"\
Brston Elevated.. .181 Amalg Corner ....124'i
Bcfton & Maine.:. ISSH* Atlantic 37
Cliso B & Q 1P6V4 Calumet ft Hecla..79i
Dominion Ccal SS^i, Centennial- 30^4
Dom Coal prefd.... 113% | Franklin 11;%
U S Steel -W"-; Humboldt ¦ :.. 15.
U S Steel prefd... iU-'i Osceola S r J l A
Fltchburg prefd. ...146 Parrot : b-"!
Mexican Central... 28'$ iQuincy 174
N E Gas & Coke.. "'.-biSanta Fe Copper.. 7 •
Old Colony r»S (Tamarack Zti
Old Dominion 31 Utah Minin? S2%
Rubber 21 Winona 2^
Union Pacific 110"k Wolverines 58
¦ hsro Terminal 4s.. 96V4 So Railway GK^i^.120%
«.>j1o Southern 4s... S916 Stand R & T fs... 63
I") & P. G 4s.. 103% Tex & Pac lsts.... 118%
Kric General 4s.... SO'A Tex &.Pac 2ds..... 99
P W & D C lsts... 106% j Union Pacific 4s... 106%
QsnenU E!ec 5s....:00 Wabash lsts- 11914
Foiva Central lsts..H6U Wabash 2ds 114
I, &. N Unl 4s 104% West Shore 4s llo%
M K & T 2ds S6% Wis Cent lsts..:... 91%
M K & T 4s 9S% Va Centuries 93 !
N Y Cent lsts....lO7?4
••.••¦¦¦ United. States Rubber prefd........ Wi
11,600 tTnlted States Steel 49%
11,400 United States Steel prefd... :... 99%
500 Western Union 93%
201,500 Shares sold. ' ' -
CLOSING BONDS.
Vr £ & res ref 107 XJ Cent sen 5S..132
y S 2s coup ref...lOS^ \ T Pacific 3s........ 73 :
h S 3s reg .....108$ V Pacific 4s. 105%
b S 2s coup. ...... .108% N T Y C & S L 4s. .107
U S new 4s reg. ...139 N & W con 4s. 103
u S new 4s coup. .139 Or Kav lsts 109
V S old 4s reg 112% Or Xp.v lsts.. 109
JJ S old 4s coup.... 113% Or Nav 4s..........lO314
I] S os reg...... :.v;. 108% lOr Short Line 6s.J29Vi
|J S is coup 1OS% Or S Line con 5s.. 119^4
Hist of Col 3.C3S...123 Reading Gen 4s.... S8%
Atchison t-en.-4s...lO4%|R G Western lsts. 103
Atchii-on adj 4s.... 9S%jS L & I M con cs.117%
Canada So 2ds 109%;S L & S F gen 6s. 136".
< lies & Ohio 4«s..ioy« gt Paul cons..... ".186
Hips & Ohio 5s.... 119 1st P C & P lsts.. US
O & XT,' con 7s...3 42Vj|St P C & P 5s....ll9U
O f: NWSFdeb 5s. 122 So Pacific 4s 93
' I ¦¦ : SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Local bank clearings still lead last year.
Shipment of $501,039 to China. >*j£
Wheat and Barley dull and weak. : '
Oats continue to decline. Corn and. Rye very, d; V.
Hay and Feedstuff s as before quoted.
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged.
'Beans and Seeds neglected and nominal.
Potatoes ivcak. Onions steady. Vegetables uiiciu:;. .
Poultry still cJieap and neglected.
A r o dtange in Butter, Cheese a7id~Eggs. '
Fresh fruit market liberally supplied.
Dried Fruit selling fairly in Nezv York.
Provisions very firm, with a further advance in Hams.
Wool, Heps and Hides unchanged. - *
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Stock and Bond Excliange adjourned to' July 6.
Heavy coinage at the local mint.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
close. ¦ September." opened ; %c - to Uc ' lower at
66%c " to ' 66%c j on X fine I crop prospects, -¦. declined
to- 66*4©66%c,*. tut : later rallied to- 66%c \ and
held fairly steady : until , the close, ; which was
&c lowerat 66&C. ' .- ,.- v ¦¦¦,'-.. ¦'-'.•. ¦'¦*
Corn opened firm. arid held strong throughout
the day. A- continuation of hot, dry condi
tions in the Southwest was the main ¦ strength
ening feature. September closed l@lHc higher
at 45%@45%c.' ¦-.:••-:,.:.¦: -¦-:- -...,- .,.v- •=;¦--.;
Oats cnened' about steady in sympathy witn
corn, and ¦ considerable •' strength ¦ developed.
September closed %@V4c higher at-27Hc. - ¦
¦ Provisions were strong on ¦ commission house
buying. September pork closed 10c higher, lard
7 J /6c higher and ribs 6c higher. " '
The leading futures ranged as follows: \-
Flour, qr sks .... 6,760 Hay, tons J 327
Wheat, ctls ..... 4.97A Chicory, bbls ... 33
Barley, ctls . 22,650 Wool, bales 475
Oats, ctls 2,720 Hides, No 239
Corn, ctls , 990 Pelts bdls 195
Potatoes, sks .... 1,950 Tallow, ctls 239
Beans, sks 4«8 Quicksilver, flks. 122
Onions, sks 269 Leather, rolls ... 112
Bran, eks ... 1,858 Wine, gals 21, 550
Middlings, sks-.. 65 Wool, bales .... 475
• . * EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ........ 600/
FOR SATURDAY, JUNE 29.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6 25c: Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 6.75c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, 5.75c: Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C, 5.23c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 23c more; box
es. 50c more ; 50-lb bags. lCc more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domino?, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil,. in bulk
12%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 18%c; Astral, 18%c-
Star, 18»*c; Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine. 23»ic;
Eocene, 2O 1 /4c; deodorized stove gasoline. In
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c
in cases. 20c; S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c;
in cases, £6c. > ¦.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
E2e In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: ;
OILS — California Castor Oil, In cases, No 1
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled'
Sic; raw, 7?c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c: China
Nut, 53®63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 65c; cases, 70c: Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, . 37%@42V4c per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels. 35c; cases, 40c.
RICE— China, No. 2, ft 10; No. 1, $4 6o@4 90;
extra. $5 10@5 50; Japanese, $4 65@5 30; Louisi
ana, $4(JJ6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 E0-. Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wnllsend. $!»; Co-operative Walls
end, 19; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 . per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
. GRAIN.BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Cal
cutta' Grain Bags. 7%c; local make, - %c less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7^4<g8c: Fruit Bags, 6S4@6c for cotton
and 8V4<gS^ic for Jute, i
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6»sc:
over 200 lbs. 6c: feeders. - — ; sows, 20 per cent
off, boars 60 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7%@9%C. . . .' . ' — . /
S MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes. 7@7VsC per
pound. - . . / ¦
LAMB — Spring. SV469c per pound.
VEAL— Large. 7V4©8c; small. 8@9c per 1U.
There is nothing new to report.
: Wholesale • rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: \ .. _
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 63SHc per lb
for cows. . ,
. ; HIDES AND s SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about -l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10%c; medium,^ ;.9®9'/4c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, S%@9c for heav'v and 8@3%c for light;
SUgs 6V4c; Salted; Kip, 9>4c; ' Salted Veal,
9U@l6c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry. Hides, 16@16%c;
Culls, 13%@14c: Dry .Kip. ISc: Dry Calf, 16^i©
17c; Culls -and Brands. -13@14c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@30c each; short ¦¦ Wool. 30@50o
each; medium. 60@75c; long Wool. SOc@Sl
each- Horse . Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for large
and $2 25 for medium. $1 5001 75 for small and
60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large,
$1 60 for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c i for
Colts. '• Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 80c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. :-l - rendered. 4}£@4^c per lb:
choice. 6c:- No. 2, 3V4(S4c: grease. 2@2«4c -
• WOOL— Spring. 1900 - or 1901— Humboldt • and
Mendodno. 12QU%c per lb; Northern; free, 12$
13c • defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10®
lie; do defective, S@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8@9c: Southern, -free. 7 months. 7®10c; do, de
fective ' 7 months. -7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
14@15c; do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, lie.
; HOPS— 15@20o per lb. . •
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions ' under this head remain as
previously ' quoted.' ' _ \ '' .-.¦"?:'...¦.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
pound aid ' 16%e "for. pure; - half-barrels, pure,
10%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 8-lb tins. 1194c.
- COTTOI.ENE— One half -barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels, 9>4c; one tierce, V»c; two tieroea,
9c; 'five tierces, 8%c per lb.
'.:". Hams' 'rule .very; firm, ¦ owing to the strength
of .- the '• Eastern ¦ markets,', and/ several
have advanced.' 7 Bacon 'and Lard are also firm
and the 'market' is In good shape, all around. : v
- CURED MEATS^Bacon. 12o per lb for heavy
12%c for light medium." 13Hc for light, I4%c fof
extra , light and 15>4c for < sugar-cured : Eastern
sugar-cured : Hams,-.13^ig i 14c; . California Hams,
13c ; Mess Beef," $13 per , bbl ; , extra Mess, I $12 60 ;
Family.'- $13 60: prime- Mess:. Pork, $15; extra
clear.'- $23; v Mess, $19;: Smoked Beef, - 13H<§fHc
per, lb." - - - .. yi .-,w.-":'. ;..->-.-.',-.--¦,^i.-^ -¦'....-. ¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6&c per lb for com-
The demand far dried fruit in • New- York
is about as good as.lt ever is during the mid
summer, "i and there are some indications of an
Improvement in some descriptions s, little later
on. ' This •- market : continues ; ¦ dull !: and: un
changed. : •¦--,.¦' '' v " '•¦• ' : :^~.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7%@9c for new; Evaporat
ed Apples, 5V4@6c;. sun dried, l 1 i@2%c; Peaches.
3%@4o for standard, ;'4V4@5%c tor choice and
ea 6%c . for ' fancy ; Pears, 2@7c ; i Plums. •' pitted,
3@4c; unpitted, %@l%c ;- Nectarines, 4@4%c for
red and 4(ff 5c, for white. ¦¦„.¦_ ¦.-- .: .. ."
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s, 6^ct 60-€0s, 4%c;
60-708, 3%c; 7O-8OS, Z%c. 80-90s, 2y»c; 90-lOOs, 2>4c:
100-120S. l>4c.;. -"^ ¦-'¦'' ¦ '
i RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's .fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c : prime, 9c ;. unbleached Thomp
son' s 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per lb;
choice. 9}£c: ¦ standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; < un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless, BO-lb boxes,
6i4 C .' 4-crowh,"'7c;"3-crown, -6%c; 2-crOwn, 6c;
Pacific ; brand— 2-crown, 6c; -3-crown, S^c, and
4-crown.,5Hc; seeded (Fresno prices), 6Uc; Lon
don Layers,* j2-crown, fl 50 per box ; • -J-crown,
$160; Fancy - Clusters, $2; Dehesa,, $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California. " ¦•
¦ NUTS— Walnuts,' No. 1 softshell, limi^c; No.
2 S(ffi8Ue;,No.:l hardshell.' 10@10%c; No. 2, 6tf®
7Ucr Almonds, 13(ffil4c forj paper-shell. 10@Hc
for softshell and'5®6o for hardshell; Peanuts.
5iffi6c for Eastfern; Brazil Nuts. ll®HV4c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c;- : -- Pecans, . ll(g)13c; Cocoanuta,
HONEY— Comb. 10®llc for bright' and 9@9"i4c
for light amber: water white extracted. 6@&ttc;
light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 3V4c.
, BEESWAX r 25@28c per lb. ¦ ; A _ ' '
•--•• 'Provisions.] I .
1 i - DECIDUOUS FRUITS. ; '.'.•¦¦
APPLES-^Cold storage, old. $1 25(72 fn n»r
box; new, 40c@!l per large box and 13g 23c per
basket. • ' • . .,'.*,
APRICOTS— r."@50c-per box,' 33@50c per crate
and 15OT25c \ er basket: in bulk, J10@2o per ton.
CHERRIES— 50(g:85c for dark and 75©S5c for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 5@8c per lb for. black and
5fi«c ¦ for. Royal- Anne. -^ ¦
PLUMb — 15@35c per box and 20@30c per bas
ket; Prunes, 25<550c per crate and 25@35c per
basket: Plums in bulk, $10 per ton. - ¦
PEACHES— 20@60c per box and 20@33c per
basket .
--PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 50@60c per box;
Bartletts, 75c®*l 40 per box. ¦
• STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50<S5 for large berries.
LOO AN- EERRIES-S2 60@6 v-?r chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3ffi4 ,per chest.
RASVOEliKVES— *406 per chest. .
CURRANTS;— tZ 25(55 per chebt.
FIGS— Biafk, 15(5 % 25c per box for single and
30®50c for double layers; White, 30<g35c. .
MELONS — Watermelons from Indlo, per
dozen; Nutmegs from Yuma, $1 25® 2 50 per
crater from Indlo, in large ' crates, $2 60@3. .
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, H 5u<Sl 75
per crate.' : - ., -,• ¦¦'.
.CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, ,75c@W;
Seedlings, 50c@$l 25; Mediterranean Sweets.
50c@$l 5H; -Valenclas, - Jl@2 50; Lemons, 73c@
$1 25 for common and . SI 50tf?2 50 for g"od to
choice; Grape Fruit, 60c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
S4 50I&5; Bananas,. U@2 per bunch for New Or
leanis and 75c©$2 for Honolulu ; : : Pineapples,
jl 50@2 E0 per dozen: _ ¦-
Dried Fruits', Nuts and Raisins. '
.There were no announcements for the usual
Orange auction to-morrow, and probably no
more will be held.' as prices are very lowG .and
the demand is slack.' Limes are firmer and
should the warm weather continue an advance
Is llk»ly. Lemons are meeting with somewhat
better demand at unchanged prices.
There was an inquiry for Watermelons, owing
to the Kot weather, hut there were none of
any consequence on the market. . . '.
Apples, Pear? Plums and Peaches remained
about ns previously quoted. . The market waa
heavily supplijil- with small Apricots in bulk,
vltich wore. t« t'lectea.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.,
EGGS— . - ,
California Ranch— Selected white, 16c; mixed
c61ors.' 14%c per dozen. ' " ' ' •
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard,
12^c; seconds. — — .
..Eastern— Standard, 14c per dozen.
j -Dairy— Extras. I6c; firsts. 15c; seconds, 14c;
store. Uc. ; ¦--
CHEESE— Fancy,- full cream, Sc; choice, 7V4c;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 9c; East
ern; full cream. 14@16c per lb.
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
¦¦ EGGS— Ranch, - 15®17V$c for good to fancy;
store. WifiUc per dozen. •¦•¦ - - ••-.-¦ :
BUTTER— Creamery, 17V4@18c per lb for
fancy and 16V4@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16Hc
per lb. •: .
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10c per lb. -
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Prices for all descriptions remained un
changed. ' All dealers reported a continued
weak and dull market for Eggs and Butter and
a steady market for Cheese. Supplies of all
are ample, and Butter and Eggs • continue to
go into oold ttcra.sie. . . . . ¦,
Receipts were 69,000 pounds and 429 tubs of
Butter, 1033 cases of Eggs, 450 cases Eastern
Eggs, 9050 pounds of California Cheese and
— - pounds Eastern Cheese. . . *'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The week closed on a depressed and dull mar
ket. ¦ .
• POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8® 10c for Gobblers
and S@10c for Hens ; Geese, per pair. $1@1 25;
Goslings, Jl@l 25;. Ducks, »2 5Oi5?3 50 . f or old and
J3#5 for young: Hens, J3 iOili; young Roost
(•zn, fi"T.7 50: old Rooster?, $3^3 50: Fryers. $4@
4 50; Broilers, $3«4 for large and $1 50@2 25 for
En-.al!; Pigeons. Jl 5C@1 75 per doeen for old and
SI 50® 1 75 for Squabs. .
GAME-Hare. Jl 50: Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb. 23@50c per box;
Asparagus, $1 75<S2 25 for large, Jl 25@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c®$l for No. 2: Gre».n Peas,
65o{?l per sack; String ¦ Beans, l@3c; Cabbage,
40@60c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los Angeles,
RoetfJJl 25: from Winters, 63c® (1; Rivers, In large
boxes, $17502 20; Drlefl , Peppers. 12@18c; Dry
Okra, 15{i20c per lb; Carrots, 25$ 35c per sack;
Marypville Cucumbers. 4C<?50c per box: Winters,
50c: Day, $l®12o; Garlic. 2S3c: Green Peppers,
10J(23c !>er Ib; Egg Plant. 6@7c per lb; Green
Corn. 25cffi$l • per sack; Bay do, ?1®1 75 per
crate: Summer Squash, lC@2Sc per box; Bay
do, 4C@E0c. ¦
Potatoes were weak and Oregon and River
Burbanks showed a decline. There was. no
particular chance in Onions. .
. POTATOES— Burbanks. $1 25@1 50 for. Oresron;
New Potatoes', 76c@$l 50 for Burbanks, H 2o@l 40
for Garnet Chiles and Jl@l 25 for Early Rose.
'ONIONS— New Red, ,33@50c; per sack; New
Yellow. S0@90c r>er ctl. > • - ¦' ¦ '
Some Asparagus came in spoiled by the heat
and was condemned and seized. by the Market
Inspector. Other Vegetables showed little
change, the supply being ample for all needs. '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There is very, little . demand for any descrip
tion and ¦ quotations are "more, 8r less nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White. $4 75
@4 90; Large White, $3 70@3 90; Pink. $1 40@l 70;
Ked, ?3©3 25; Blackeye. $3 1C@3 25: Limas. $6 43;
Pea, nominal; Red Kidney," $4'75 per ctl. ' ¦
SEEDS— Brown , Mustard,, nominal; :., Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary. 3Vj@
aiic-for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2®
£V4c; Hemp. 3%c; Timothy.- 6Mc. -'
DRIED PEAS— Nllcs. .$1 60 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay. and Ftcdshiffs.
Hay dealers" report a dull and unsatisfactory
market, ( though, prices are no- lower. Feed
stuffs remain unchanged. - . ,
' BRAN— $17 50@18 60 per ton.
" MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 ' per ton. J ' '
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled $16 50@17 ffi
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?25@26; job
bing J2G BO; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
$2S@29; Cracked Corn, f 28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50(317 50.: -' ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦'¦ •- , _ -,
¦ HAY— New • is . quotable as • follows: • Wheat
$8 50@9 E0; choice, ?10; Wheat and Oat,.$S@9 50;
Oat, *7 50©9; Barley and Oat, $6 50@8; Alfalra-
S6(gS; Clover, $506 per ton; Volunteer, ?4@7 50.
STRAW-25@47^c per bale. /
" FLOUK—Callfornla -Family extras, .' $3 23®
3 E0, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 16@3 23:
Oregon, 1 |2 503:2 75 per -.barrel for .family and
$2 76@3* for bakers' : Washington bakers', > $2 75
©3. .- ¦'¦ - -'¦ ¦- -" ¦.¦''¦•¦¦¦.- '¦' '- "¦- V:'< "¦ :
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are • as fol
lows, - usual discount I to ¦ the i trade : - Graham
Flour, i $3 per : 100 • lbs ;• s Rye Flour.' $2 75: .Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, 17;. Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream <o, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 76; Hominy,'
}3 76@4; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60;^ Farina. ¦'¦ H 50; > Whole Wheat
Flour. *3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 3507 85;
In sacks. $6@7.E0; Peafl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
J5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs. . - ;
Flour and! Millstuffs.
ings continue neglected. ' Small round .Tellow,
*1 50; Eastern Yellow." $1 27%$1 80} - White,
W37V4; Mixed,-: U 27%.., .• .-"-.- - ¦ - '
\ RYE^-75@80c ¦-,. per ctl. -Offerings meet .with
very, little > attention. ;_ > : -• ¦ . ¦ '- . .
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at U 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse. . v •.'.;;:.; -,..:¦¦ -.. : '-. ' -,-—-. •..- ¦ .
, ' •:', SATURDAY, June 2^-13 m.
Bid. Ask. I *" : Eld. As*.
Alpha 01 03 Justice — . 01
Alta 04 06IKentuck 01 0*
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash ... 01 —
Belcher 10 12 Mexican ...:... 23 23
Best & Belcher 22 23 1 Occidental 03 M
Bullion X — 03 Ophir 88 87
Caledonia S2 3o Overman IS 18
Challenge Con. IS 20 Potosi ....*;.... 08 P»
Chollar 06 07 Savage 09 U
Confidence .... 63 70 Scorpion — W
Con Cal & Va.2 20 2 23 Seg Belcher — £?
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 19 3»
Con New Tork. 01 02 Silver Hill .... 2t> 2*
Crown Point .. 06 07tSt Louis 0« —
Eureka Con .. 06 — Standard — 3 79
Exchequer..... - 02 Syndicate .. 0» 07
Gould & Curry 13 14 Union Con*.... 1« 1»
Hale & Norcrs 19 20 Utah . 03 04
Julia — 02 Tellorw Jacket . 0« 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WFour OH Co - . J»
1 Hanford •« 93 0O
60 Home - ..'...- 2 2o
200 Independence : — J?
1300 Lion .........:...: • — J*
5C0 Monarch of Arizona ~ %\
600 Occidental of West Virginia- 50
200 Oil City Petroleum •>- , •*
. 10 Peerless ....:.— 8 CO .
MINING STOCKS.
Following" were the sales In the San P»»-
Cisco Stock and -Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
\ 350 Con Cal & VaJ 20 1 700 Ophir *T
300 Gould & Curry 131 100 Silver Hill .... *i
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
. Mornlns Session.
400 Con -Cal & V.2 22^ 100 Ophir 87
100 Confidence v 7:) 100 Ophir .......... -SI
200 Gould & Curry 15 300 Sierra Nevada. 2<>
200 Hale & Norcrs 19 10O- Silver Hill .... 27
209 Occidental 03 '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIili, SUN DAY, JTJNE 30; 1901.
THB COAST RECORD.
; The Zealandla -was to sail • a cotmle of
hours after the Doric from Honolulu: She
was delayed /owing to the strike. "Repairs
had to be made to her boilers' and the
men in the machine shops refused to work
on: her." The necessary repairs were made
by the steamship's crew and the- Zea
landla will get here to-day,-
M. Adler and wife, M. P. Balrd, A. O. Beebe.
R B, Butchart and wife, Mrs. E. H. Baxter,
W. W. Campbell and wife, Archibald Campbell.
Miss Dorothy Campbell.' Wilfred Chapman and
wife; Captain C. G. F. M. Cradock. R. N.;
C. F. Davis, Dr. H. R.' Davis; Lieutenant - L.
Demingr, B. A.; Le Comte O. Dlodatl, A. O.
Diodati. W. M. Duncan, H. Darlscliffe. Lady
Feeling and maid, G. F. Fry, W. Griffiths, R.
W. Handley, • C. Berney Brown, Baron ron
Hartlleb. B. M. Lamont..R. Lyons. G. Mc-
Donald. Mrs. A. H. Porter, Miss M. Rltcnle. J.
Schornhorst. V. Semacho, Miss E. M. Stimson
L. A; Stimson.- B. - F. ¦ Stone. ¦ G. Tayleur, MUs
M. J. Woodford. Mrs. D. O. Wlckham. W. V.
Zinn, W. Kollbrunner, Miss K. E. Lindsay. G.
McDonald. Mrs. T. Metcalfe. Miss A. . Ritchie,
Mrs. H. Salto and - children, T. Sekine, Rev.
M. I* Stimson. F. G. Stone. Mrs. H. Tevis and
maid. M. A. Wall, D. O. Wickham, A. J.
Walsh..-',,'- -," •
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Doric docked yesterday morn
ing. -About 8:S0 a. m. the vessel was re
leased by the quarantine officer, and an
hour, later the, cabin passengers landed
at the Mail Company's wharf. Those who
came over in the cabin were the follow
ing nanied : ...
Doric^s Passengers Released.
: :! ,. CALL "BOARD, 8ALE8. " /; ¦
"' Informal Session— 9:15 -'o'clock— No .'sales. " -
-Second Session— December — 2000 ¦ ctls, ; 67V£c
.Regular Morning, Session— December— 2000 ctls
67%c.- *¦ '¦¦:"¦';;,'¦ ;¦¦',•-•¦;'-•.¦;..¦!„ "'~.;.,<-v •>.;,.-'
¦OATS— The market continues very- weak,' with
buyers holding off ,', expecting a further decline
Mor.f.descriptlons-'are. still, lower."- White $135
@1.45;." Surprise. .. : Jl E0@l 55; i Redf^»l 05®l 15-
Black, $1 10(31 2O.per^ctl. ; , :..-, ¦:: :.,i--;. *
: CORN— There is very little demand and offer-
Informal " Session— 9:15 ' 'o'clock— December—
28.0CO.ctls, ?1 00H. ': \ ' r ' . ' .
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1." .'";
Regular "..Morning • Session — December — *2000
Ctls. $1.-' •¦"-•' .-..--' ' . V.\" ,,..-¦. .¦-;-"•¦•¦¦;.
¦ BARLEY— Spot : feed continues "weak ¦ and
71V4c was the best price obtainable s for new,
but a good lot '. of - old . would bring -, a frac
tion : more. The demand ror. new: brewing for
export- continues. --¦.-; --.. -•¦'..--... ..-. .,...-.
Feed, 70@71Vic for No. 1 and GlVt^tf^c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@82}»c;
Chevalier, -nominal."-.' ••.¦.-¦
CALL BOAHD SALES.
Spot Wheat— Shipping,. &5@96}4c; milling, 97«c
@?1 02% per ctl. '. . ¦:--.-,.•--•. ¦ , ; _ .... :¦:. ; :
31
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Catherine Boyle against Lawrence Boyle
lor cruelty. Mary Fox against Jacob Fox
for degfrtion. Charles F. Smith against
Elizabeth Smith for desertion, Lena Tilton
against Robert Tilton for failure to pro
vide and Rose Sparber against Harry
Eparber for cruelty. 'i-".\-
John McDonald, president of the last
named concern, notified the Mayor of the
charter violation and threatened to bring
mandamus proceedings to prevent the
award. The Board of Works claims that
its experts pronounce the bricks to be fur
nished by Gray Bros, of superior quality
to those made by the City Street Improve
ment Company, they being better adapted
for the construction of sewers.
The Board of Public "Works yesterday
awarded the contract for furnishing brick
for sewers during the next nacal year to
Grav Bros, at $10 per thousand. The City
Street Improvement Company bid $9 70 per
thousand, and made a . verbal protest
against the award on the ground that
under the charter the lowest bidder should
be awarded the contract. •
Board of Works From Vio
lating Charter.
PROTESTS AGAINST AWARD
OF CONTRACT FOE BRICKS
Lowest Bidder Threatens to Restrain
Assessor Dodge yesterday completed the
total assessment roll of the city and
county for the next fiscal year and sub
mitted his report thereon to the Board
of Supervisors. The total assessed valua
tion on which the city's revenue will be
raised amounts to $415,135,184. This in
sures an excess revenue of about $100,0(50,
as the tax budget was based on a valua
tion of 5405,000,000. If the city does not
lose that amount by return of protested
taxes it will have a surplus fund to be
used ffcr various purposes. In his report
the Assessor says:
The assessment roll for the coming year
•mount* to $415,195,184. This Insures a revenue
at least $300,000 greater than that which your
board had at its disposal last July.
This additional revenue, together w*th the un
expended surplus of last year, due to a similar
increase in the assessment roll of that year.
Fives a tctal of $568,000, ¦which Is now available
for needed public improvements, and for liqui
dating tne city's Indebtedness to its creditors,
including Its school teachers and merchants.
While our revenue has thus been increased,
largely through the assessment of newly discov
ered property, there have been large reductions
made in the assessments of certain kinds of
property, as shown in the following table:
Boll Of 1900 $410,155,304
Redaction on old dwellings. $3,700,000
Reduction on outlying- real
•estate 2.500,000
Loss on church property.... 1,500,000
Loss on national bank stock 1,700,000
Loss on estates 2,180,000
Total loss ! $11,680,000
Remaining .\ $398,575,304
This loss in the roll was made up by the fol
lowing increase:
Is'ewly discovered property $10,125,000
Increase in real estate 4.500,000
Other additions 1,994,880
Total roll 1901. .......$415,195,184
The reductions made in the assessed valuation
of dwellings and of suburban real estate have
afforded relief to 20,000 taxpayers, and aggre
gate $6,200,000. Notwithstanding these reduc
tions, the additions made to the roll during the
past two years have added 'at least $600,000 to
the yearly revenue of the city. An examination
of the roll will show that real estate is assess
ed this year for J192, 000.000. while in 1898. prior
to these additions, it was assessed for $189,000,
000. This increased revenue then is almost en
tirely due to an increase of $55,000,000 in the
assessed valuation of newly discovered personal
property, all cf which has been in the posses
sion of these individuals and ¦ corporations, who
had not heretofore contributed their just share
In taxes, but who are now willingly bearing
their proportionate burden.
In 1897-98 out of every $100 in taxes collected.
real estate contributed $S1. while to-day It
pays only $69 out of each $100 collected. To
this extent, then, has the real estate owner
been benefited by the Increased assessment of
personal property.
The collections made by this office on unse
cured personal property during the past ninety
days amount to $623,521, which Is now in the
hands of the Treasurer, subject to Immediate
use. and which amount greatly exceeds that
eollected by this office during any previous
year.
While the roll of this year exceeds the sum
on which your board based the city's revenue
by $10,000,000. it Is not unnecessarily large, as
the amount of last year's roll standing delin
quent to-day, including the national bank stock,
Is $9,500,000.
Computes Val
uation for Year's
Revenue.
Notifies the Supervisors That
the Roll "Will Aggregate
$415,195,184 S '
CITY ASSURED
OF A SURPLUS
Contributing causes— Diphtherim, 93; influ
enza, 57; measles, 27; whooping cough, 61; scar
let fever. 13; smallpox, 3; typhoid fever. 70;
cholera infantum, 38; malnutrition, 26; Inani
tion, 103; carcinoma of breast. 25; carcinoma of
liver, 43; carcinoma of stomach, 1(19; carcinoma
of tongue, 10; diabetes, 65; rheumatism, 48;
tuberculosis, articular, 7; tuberculosis, cerebral,
€£; tuberculosis, glandular. 9; tuberculosis, in
testinal, 28; tuberculosis, meliany-, 40; tubercu
losis, peritoneal. 15; tuberculosis, pulmonary.
93S; cardiac malformation, 33; invi&bllity, 81;
eenility, 156; alcoholism, 129; apoplexy, cere
bral, 19S; infantile convulsions. 58; meningitis,
cerebral. 90; morphinism, 15; paralysis, 33; en
docarditis, 83; fatty heart. 100; valvular disease
of heart, 304; dilatation of heart, 120; bronchi
tis, 160; broncho pneumonia, 276; lobrx pneu
monia. 413; cirrhosis of liver, 173; chronic
nephritis, 270; acute nephritis. 66; nsphyxla
from gas, accidental. 41; a&phy:tla by acci
dental hanging. 1; asphyxia by smoko, 3; as
phyxia by smothering In bed, 2; by burns, 20;
by falls, 92; killed by electricity, 4; by ma
chinery, 6; by railroad, steam,. 24; by cable
cars, 3; "by electric cars. 11; by Sorses, 3; by
vehicles. 12; by ptomaine poisoning, 3; by fire
arms, suicide, 35; by hanging, - suicid<:, 9; il
luminating gas, 26; carbolic acid poisoning, 29;
arsenic poisoning, 4; opium, morphine poison
ing, 10; strychnine poisoning, 1; nitric acid
poisoning. 1 ; lyeol poisoning, 1 ; laudanum
poisoning. 1; kerosene poisoning, 1; hydro
cyanic acid, 1; formalin, 1; cyankle potassium,
2: collodium poisoning, 1; cocaine poisoning, 1;
chlorodyne poisoning, 1. >
'6 to 10 years, 141; 10 to 20 years. 274; 20 to 30
years, 661; 30 to 40 years, 801; 40 to 50 years,
866; 60 to 60 years, 917; 60 to 70 years, 934; 70
to 80 years, 705; 80 to 90 years. 231; 90 to 100
years, 13; over 100 years, 1; unascertained, 23.
Single, 3295; married, 2260; \ widowed, 1190;
divorced. 88; unasslgned, 112.
Caucasian. 6470; Mongolian, 418; African, 38.
Under 1 year, 907; 1 to 2 yearo, 173; 2 to 3
years, 87; 3 to 4 >c*»rs, 77; 4 tp 5 years, 64;
The following segregations of deaths
contained in the report do not irsclude the
deaths of any soldiers dying at the Pre-
Eldio or aboard any ship in the haxbor.'or
any person drowned in the bay:
t John A. Brown, Chief of th« Statistical
Department of the Health Board, yester
day completed the mortuary, statistics of
this city and county for the fiscal year
just ended. The report, which ' will be
submitted to the board to-morrow, shows
that during the period mentioned' there
were 9687 deaths . of all descriptions. . Of
this number 2762 represent soldiers and
others who died outside of tile city an<i
whose remains were brought fc-ere. In the
fiscal year 1899-1900 the total of. all deaths
was 8936, showing an increase for the last
year of 751.
Slight Increase in Mortality
Over the Preceding
Period. :
Statistician Brown Sub
mits Report to the
Health Board.
DEATHS DURING
THE LAST YEAR
32
THBiSAN > FBANOISC6:.;OAI-iiV"% : &NDA'r, % -;jIJNB; 30, 1901.
.To increase local enthusiasm a m«««
¦peakers will address ' the ratherte^»^i
, New York City sends five train loads of
guests on the official excursion. Aslda
from this private parties have arranged
for four other trains. Louisville seSdl a
"Kentucky Special" which will make a
wide tour of the West Boston sends sev
eral train loads of delegates Interest 7n
the convention is very great in New York
and the New England States, and al
though calculations cannot be made wltl\
any degree of accuracy the league offlciaJ^
f. re "W 0 * v * assurance that that fic
tion of the country will furnish nuunr
thousands of visitors. About ax*) rS?5»
are expected from Illinois, and uJe^w!
ffi^ft P t rom ?, e K that tne frc^m
their State will be greater than from iSJ
The Epworth League officials state that
• e .^. ttendance at -the cominsr convention
In this city from east of the Rockies will
far exceed early estimates. Information
is received daily of large delegaUonsfrom
m!f» tif re i th€re "^2* thought to be but
little enthusiasm. The States that had
promised to send many delegates have
recently often doubled and tripled the
number of excursion trains which are to
bring their quotas of visitors to the Gold
en Gate. Railroad officials state that tha
transcontinental tourist traffic will be far
greater the coming month than ever be-
In'addltion to the visit to this city, most
of the excursionists are planning to visit
all the principal point* of interest aionir
the Pacific Coast. Special rates have been
made over railroads In every direction
and almost every town and city in the
State 13 planning to do somathinjc elab
orate for the visitors. News bf these
preparations has reached the East and
greater Interest has been aroused on that
account. .-¦_/. u " «««*
Epworth League /
/ Gathering.
Enthusiasm in East Ove
GREAT INTEREST
IN CONVENTION
. Auctioneers ; are an obliging lot; they al
ways attend ; to -" every> one's bidding.
Beautiful Picture Book of Yosemite.
¦ Send?^ten ¦ cents ; ,to \the .' Southern - Pacific
Passenger 4 "Montgomery,
street,* San j Francisco; ,.> j ; ."- ;"
•' For:;, full ', Inf on x-'.tlon i about ; established
routes, i, hlgli 't: class r service, ".: via ¦. Biggest
Big i'-rees,*apply,; to inearest' agent or i 613
Market street; ¦ San Francisco. ? , >
'.-, William? Kelly,, alias James Ryan.'; an
ex-conyict, 7 andf : Michael 'Subani were ar T
rested .'at'an -'early <hdur ' yesterday : morn
ing, by ; Policemen 'Fennel and :;Ross at'
Market, and } Stockton i streets as . they had
been acting in a suspicious manner. .When
searched i a -bunch of skeleton keys and a
picklock ".were ¦' found' in :; Kelly's pockets
and he was booked, on; a' charge of carry
ing : burglars' tools. 1 " .f Subani i- was ¦ booked
for- vagrancy. : Kelly four, years
in Folsom for burglary and was ¦ relejtse'd
April ; 14, > 1900. ':;'.- K.: \--^.V: / '._. [
Two Suspects Arrested.
Rope can be sold for, 5 ! cents a pound
after being taken. from the bale, whereas
wire is useless.' Hay baled--* with rope
will feed three more horses to the ton
than " hay baled with ; wire, because the
latter is. crushed and ' ground to
chaff, in • the Inside, - owing • to the
great pressure -used in the baling.
.Wire also reaulres special tools .= to cut it
from the bale and is a nuisance.' about the
stable, as it is apt to get in the feed and
to -injure the' horses' .', feet. . In .the 1 East
wire may be used because there they have
timothy hay, etc.,' which requires stronger
pressure, as it will ¦ not press l closely to
gether like hay:grown;in this State. This
is the only country in which sown hay is
grown, such- as barley hay, wheat hay,
etc. , which doe3 not require the ; pressure
in baling as "* does : the Eastern hay. The
Stable and Carriage : Owners' ¦ Association
is 'willing- to < pay $1 to $1 50 per ton more
for. rope, baled hay. .'
The Stable . and .Carriage Owners' Asaor
elation of . Sari > Francisco "is .protesting
against the purchase of hay baled with
wire instead of rope for the following rea
sons: • . • '"it ' .
Rope Is Preferable to Wire for Baling
The Board of Supervisors and the Board
of Fire Commissioners are again adver
tising for bids to supply the city with
forage for year ensuing. The fact was
made known by The Call that the dealers
were preparing to , make .' the city pay
exhorbitant prices, 'as was evidenced by,
bids that were opened some -time -ago.'
Upon the presentation of the fact by The
Call that the bids were far too high, the
Supervisors, and the Fire Commissioners
threw ~ out all . bids with one * exception-
The Fire . Commissioners - have . awarded
the bid for oats. Under : existing'condi
tions there is every reason suppose
that the" city will get a much- fairer/ deal
when the new forage bids axe opened than
it had under the old* bids. ~The * bid for
supplying oats that the Fire Commission
ers have -,; accepted . was made ' by " Simon
Erlanger, and was' for Jl 38%: per 100
pounds for No. 1- white oats. .'¦• This is , far
beyond the actual- worth, of ¦'- the- oats..
Some way may yet be found to have 'the
oat bid rejected. * The"; price of ; oats •; has
been steadily falling. The crops of. oats,,
barley and hay . are exceptionally, large
this year. One month ago red oats; were
bringing 51 40 to $1 45 on 'change: . Now
they can be bought for $1 02 per 100 pounds
and the price may. yet go down to 90 cents.;
Dealers- who are not: in ' the combine ; to
supply the city say ".that. the:, bid before
the . Fire Commissioners . for . oats'-, was
higher/proportionately, than were the bids
for; the various grades ¦ of ; hay^ required
for the use of the city, and county. : .
A : : somewhat » . amusing r- feature - of • the
¦ present situation is furnished 4 by the dis-~
,covery of - quotations ¦ for forage i made -by
Scott & Magner in a' circular- which has
been- given. -wide : currency* through t the
Hollister Free ] Lance : and ¦:•' other . papers
published" in- the*Interior. .jjlti will be pre-*
called -" that - Scott ¦ & . Magner -bid * for • the
contract of ¦¦• supplying .the > Fire ¦:Depart
ment with No. I ; wheat hay at -; the i rate
The Call's Work for Good
"'-,:, of Public Means a .
SEEK NEW BIDS
FROM HAY MEN
Saving.
The feast will be observed with solemn
. ceremonies in St: Ignatius- Church. At
10:30 o'clock . the • Rev. Father Allen : will
celebrate solemn high mass. The Rev."
.Father. Sardi' will be deacon, the Rev.
¦ Father '-.Miller . sub-deacon -and - the Rev.
Father Cullfgan master of " ceremonies.
The - discourse will •'¦ be .delivered by the
Rev. Father Riordan, S. J. At 2:30 o'clock
in .the afternoon the members of the ]-ia
dlesV Sodality; will meet."^ In - the evening
at 7:30 ; theye will be solemn ves
pers;: a sermon' by, the Rev: Father" For
; han and i benediction of ..the blessed*"sacra
ment. It will also ;be the 'day .: for the
communion * of- reparation ' for.- the League
of -the Sacred Heart.' •-¦•-' .-••¦¦. "•••:-* *• • - ' •'/
i TheTlev;" John Ar B.YWIlson of the How
ard-street .. Methodist ; Episcopal '¦» Church
will' preach* thla morning, on J.'My J South
side -Neighbors:^ Their/,. Gospel - Require
ments,''/, and i\ in ",* the ~ evening ?. the -well
known orator. John G. iWoolley will preach
on' "Honesty ¦ the Best -Politics." '-•..• s .¦^,.-
The Rev. E.\ Nelander, : pastor of V the
.The feast of tbe apostles Sts. Peter and
Paul will be celebrated in the Catholic
churches to-day with solemn high masses.
At the church which takes its name from
the patron ..saints i the feast will be ob
served with great? solemnity. At 10:30
o'clock a 1 solemn high mass will be ; cele
brated and a on the patron
saint of the parish will be preached. In
the afternoon at 2:30 o'clock there will be
ihe concluding devotions of , the month of
the sacred heart. -.There will be "a proces
sion through the aisles of the church. with
the . statue of the sacred heart,, accompa
nied by all the u sodalities jof - the j parish '.
The members of St. Aloyslus Boys', Sodal
ity will then bo -consecrated, and the de
votions will conclude .with the renewal of
vows to the sacred heart by, all the chil
dren of the parish. .
Churches Will Hold Ser
vices in Honor of
Two Saints.
PATRONAL FEAST
TO BE OBSERVED
'We quote you on the new hay to-day. as fol
lows, viz: No. :1 J wheat or. wheat and oat hay.
$9 DOST 10 per ton; good fair wheat or ..wheat and
oat hay, - $8 50@9 I per ¦ ton ; choice oat .: hay, E 1 8 :
{rood volunteer oat, $6 50@8; stained hay, *4 50®
5 60 per ton. ', - _ ' " .
of $12 98-per ton, and that the'y asked the
Police Department through the Police
Committee $13 75 for the' same class of
goods. In the' HolHster Free Lance of
June , 21 is - published a late circular by
Scott . & Magner in which ' they make the
following, statements:. . . \
¦ The .ninth* annual- celebration of' the
birth of the lamented Charles Sumner will
be held in Starr King Methodist Episcopal
Ziori Church this. ¦> evening.'- Hon. S. M.
Shortridge will deliver 'the oration. • ••
• A service -of * song ' will be ' held at the
First Congregational Church this evening
under the direction of Samuel D. Mayer,
the organist. The choir , will be assisted
by ' the .* Masonic Quartet.- and the Rev.
George . C. Adams,- D. * E>.;- the pastor, ¦ will
speak on '.'The Dangers of. Infidelity.". Dr.
Adams - sails ¦ on July 11 for Honolulu, and
during his vacation the pulpit 'will be sup
plied by • the Rev. ', W. • M.- Kipcaid, D.- D..
of < Honolulu, 1 formerly „ of. this; city.; . , ... -.;
' The Rev. E. s ArWood3 of; the First Bap
tist Church -will preach thla morning on
'.'Greatness and Service,", and in the even
ing on "Our Amusements, Their Need and
Their. Dangers." ¦•.-, ;-•;-¦"• '-. -'- ." '\\
The Rev. Burt Estes Howard of Stan
ford will occupy the pulpit of the First
Unitarian • Church * this^ morning and
preach on "A Sane Attitude."
The Rev. E. H. A very of the Westmin
ster. Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "In the Name of the Lord
Jesus," and in the evening on "Where
Will You Pitch Your Tent?" ¦,
"The Young Man's Five Great Battles"
will ba the subject of the address by the
Rev. F. K. Baker at the Young Men's
Christian Association this afternoon. ¦ "¦*':
' The Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller of the Cen
tral Methodist Episcopal Church will
preach this morning on "The Light of the
World and the fait of the Earth," and in
the evening on "Lights and Shadows In
the Nation." . >
The.Rev. Frank S. Ford of the. First
Christian Church will preach this morn
ing on !'Who is Greatest?" and ii» the
evening on "Honesty." . . "
The Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this- morning on "Unimpeachable Testi
mony the Most Cogent -Argument for
Christianity," and in the evening on "An
Anchor that Holds." .
The Rev. A. E. Ul rich of 'the Richmond
Methodist Episcopal. Church will preach
this. morning on "Profltal.leness and God
liness," and in the evening on "How Jesus
Deals With Sinners." .
The Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson
Memorial Methodist Ep'scopal Church will
preach this morning on "Princely Giv
ing," and in the evening on "Samson, the
Monumental Failure."-
First English Lutheran Church, has re
turned from an extended vacat|on in the
East and will occupy his pulpit to-day.
The Rev. WiUiam Rader of the Third
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "How Can Prayer - be .An
swered?" and in the evening on ,. "The
Hand, of God In American History."
<
Hay.
l\ /mil I V'^%.^r>^lHlffli9 9^m/}<3r^L JSL \M \J **Jr \*4rX^ JL -^fi JBi \_s \~> XjP \ rff J^/Jl \ \\\ M !
'-^and there's just what you want — Polka dots, linen suitings, dimities, white stuffs and a lone line of ' u * {7^ j^\^~^ r^~ > \ \
' -Cz^Bs^j^^^ft. \^sZ<z%_^%/^\. J§ (i( "> I . colored' Roods. - We're as glad to print this news as you are to hear it. -. Nothing pleases us so much as ~r"± ' ¦ I I
. . \ ; • , .¦-'," to save you money on what you want. - — ; '^ " 1 1
- 15c Goods now 12ic. ; It'c a fipnprairiAQn-ITnni- fh^ ;^ Madras now 2?c. :> R|
Batistes; dimities and lawns— favorite fabrics in such shades as H.3,:O VJCllCl dl VlCdlll- VJU vl II*C x SDlendld shirting fabric, 30 Inches wide, used as well ncjw In I
lavender, blue and pink-pretty flares and stripes-30 inches. . - . . . -j | ""* f . for making ladies' ties. If
10c Dress .Ginghams now 8c. SeaSOn S broken LllieS* 15c White Dimities now 10c. ;^ |LI
mnSiJ n^A^^Z^^^^^^' R r a! tL* vlmdiA^ A^- via:iity -^ Too much'of this or too little of that means a sacrifice in K et- Small checked patterns, fine. sheer fabric. .-. ¦ 1 1 1.
mostly plaid patterns-close, to^50 pieces-from now on 8c- ting : lines straightened up. It's prontable' even if we do lose ¦; White Goods HOW. 25C \J
t 12oC Dimities nOW-vlOCt money also, w" • Fancy stripes and many novelties, open work effects as well 'J
Navy blue grounds with v/hite dot patterns— polka dots you 1 The old way is to hang on to the profits as Ions: as you can. . as r » ised cords. / . »
know are just the thing. This 10c price-will excite much interest. Our way is to let go before w e have to. . ' • - 15c Cotton CrepOn nOW IQiC. . |> 1
KClr Nr>vf»l1-J**c nnw ' > *~ '-^—— : — A crinkled, puckery stuff, 27 Inches wide, medium color, stripes I I
w t . -\. *I "C HOVeitieS nQW *J&C. . : . . c"u^'« tirtf. *»& Plaids mostly. We've sold a heap of this stuff at 15c Wha I
, Pretty, dainty goods In stripes and woven dots, pinks.^blues, : . IOC OePfiine nOW IOC is left goes at like.
lavenders and grays— too pretty to be. made in this country— they ' A summer novelty; 32 inches wide— comes - in lacy effects— so , K/ , „„ j O n^ nr^..i««^^ 1f»^-- '-
- are imported-^now 35c. . - -, . . much used for outing dresses— solid colors. .. IOC and ii(JC FOUiardSlUC.
75c Swisses now 50c. , / 35c Linen Suitings now 20c. 1200 yards in nght shades
). They, too/ are imported— dots and stripes are woven In— col- - -And linens - are ¦ going to be all the rage. We hope , there win White OWISSeS nOW »C.
ors are there to stay, blues, pinks, -lavender, black and, gray. be; enough of these to go round— 24 incrfbs wide and set off with 29 Inches wide— a light, delicate, natty stuff much sought after
They were 75c, but are now 50c. • ' . .' fancy colored stripes. • - . .-.-¦, for summer wear. -
-and foulards arVthe most sou K ht-after silks of the season. ' More reason i|l^^ffii^M so
than ever why we' should save you money on them if we can. It's our own "" neckpieces in .prolusion— an so We've found a shade or two missing. So to -clear out what 3 left we
fine stock of . j , . new_ and so pretty and coming just marked them 20c.—
¦ Vt.1 C««^«^ nu^^^4- *C* 1 in time for ; Fourth-of-July wearing - Not to disappoint any one we've put four lines together. You'll be, pretty
The Season's Choicest Styles. and '. -.¦¦:. , . ¦ ap t to find the shade you want. ¦ ¦ •
-A most refreshing offer. There are no stale, picked-over patterns-signifi- PHcesLeSS, Than Half No 60 (5-lnch) Heavy Double Face Sato Cord Edge 20c , .1, \
cant of Hale's interpretation of July-retailing.- Choose from a long line of Not a style that isn ? t^pular, and No. 60 (5-inch) Fine Liberty Satin Now 20c ,
printed beauties in plain and brocaded designs. ' so • many of them you'd get tired .. ' No. 60 (5-inch) Satiir Taffeta 20c"; ;.v".-;;ir r . .-,' I
Black taffeta comes; next in popularity to foulards. That's why we are sell- counting them. SAMPLES— that's No. 60 (5-inch) Taffeta Begance Now 20c
ing them this month under their worth. We're consulting your needs and not the secret of a complete line from SQ j n narrow width of best quality of SATHT AND OBOS GEAUT
our wishes in this month's business. : ,' : , New York's foremost makers. RIBBONS are some eood offers. No. 7 NOW 5c YARD, worth I2^c; No. )
/ , We've been such big customers of 9 NOW 8e YAED, worth 15c; No. 12 NOW lOc YAED. worth 20c J
OQsinrh Rifiri/ 1 €*££<=*tf-CBC ' ' theirs this. season they Rave- us these •-. _ '. , .' }
iO a inCll piaCK I ailCiaS. DpV« . bargains as a "thank you." You are _. ,> j* » : -W*XWtoMM'4+4? '
A fine super-Swiss quality— heavy, lustrous, soft. We could pet 85c as - easily . the gainers— not us. $ikZ*C3ld/£2 4~hW B Sr^\4/eM K I S3 VWy^3*—r-^_ \
as 55c. But, no; this Is July, and you want black taffetas, so 55c. I5C- TOD Collars for 6Ci Cj&$sELM*7 \*0!M JLJ%,m' r T JLM. '^*nS^^, J
¦ ' ' ~~^_ ¦ ; - : "-- :f|I ' ¦ K*55 sAd odd lengths of JarJen /lo^^^ J f0
f €5" &~tf^7£$i&P\ - L-n ¦•» -m '(¦ ere(^ or 4 ers — P retty close and open- We will put on sale to-morrow a special pur- . \vi^x*O0^S^> *S
$£*& 0®M$i ¦ -^¦k^5^m r f* 1 {k7g-*-i<Gf'S m 'f¥zM r n\ work designs— close to 1000 came to chase of lawn mowers at a special price— a XNNvTCv^S* *
¦^^S^lH^^te^Sw r*MBM§M* 17fTA\3l W A A€t V us.'so we can sell them for 6cm- wholesaler's stock to dispose of at. much under :: S :::^r--o
k^ AM stead of 15c their market value— they are heavy and substan- v^<$:^S\ '!
' y^V#^^^v^«'/?^S This is it— the hit of the reason. .Did you .'The Neckwear is in five lots, tial, easy to operate and cut clean and close. _><5^M& ==;f //
eve f see .,? o . much style and comfort go for thus- . . v^ $2.25 for 10-Inch size. , jSfi^#"\ JJ > '
¦ such a ridiculous price before? We never did. « r\rwt \ trz^r* oorh co a^ ?«« to \ nr -u s tt£35&r~\' a 'C/
Try as hard as we could, we haven't been able LO1 1-15C eaCti. $2 45 for 12-inch size. |l^^3(i) C=^.
W<^ j <**!^r to get them fast enough. Plenty to-morrow. w h ue l^wlck net scarfa with lace ? 2 ' T5 "! OP> !J"! nC ? S ! ZC# ' )
. \\ «» r They are cool, heht, strong, shapely. Made, in ends. ' $2.95 tor 18-inch size. \a^
\ ' ~!f J imitation Hawaiian braid. Fine for outing or .-^white lawn-scarfs, scalloped -ana hem- We would like to continue these prices right along, but that is impossible; \
•' camping wear. B white' lawn and grass linen twite-around when this lot is gone you will have to pay more.
? ; WOr I - • TTp-nr - Stir] ae \-n ¦ "R.«art-ir-+n-Wonr« HKe* ties, ' trimmed with Valenciennes lace. - . ._ ¦ - { _ _ _ _. • _ _l
-'XL A. btyies in Beady-to-wears — ooc— F ; ncy 8at , n a nd lace Btock collar and no^Ati HnCP -l\If»2ir H^ltf PHrA
eight of them smartly trimmed with, silk scarfs ¦ lawn and lace turn-over collars. Vidl UCil HUdC llCdl Hall Jrl ICC*
V v^^^^Mnr^i' !- an j you know that's Quiu : the .thing Just^now . LOT 2 — 25C each . . Comes in odd lengthf— that'slwhy; but a few feet less or a few feet more
—not one of them worth less than $1.50— but worth 50c. ' ¦ doesn't matter if you can save a dollar or so. v-
our July price is .W. colored; taffeta silk twlce-around ties 2 5 ft. of regular 14c Hose for $2.00 20 ft. of regular 7c Hose now S1.00
Trimmed Hats are further reduced_45 that were $5.00 go on sale to- . Sfn'SSltSi tSSlS^ trimmed wlth lace . 2 0 ft. of regular 14c Hose for ?1.60 15 ft. of regular 7c Hose now 75c
morrow morning and Until sold at... ...........93.25 White lawn, grass linen and white net , ° 1 • ¦
' -. j * < ' 1 ¦ « • twlce-around ties. i - -.'~ ¦
03 that were $3-45 and $4.00 last week go on sale to-morrow morning white silk, lawn and white and black net j . ;,-. . <*n
¦¦ at %n5.~ .«> Grass linen and white pique over collars. 4sT^/r& 3 "W Srik it "&** ~S~ dt » J — '-~-^r - 1
___^_^_ ' '"-"..-* ¦¦' Lace and lawn ton collars. -. H>rfl K B M T^k B B m B B»7^ TfM+mD-n J*J hrvxr*: 79 8 S
1 ¦:¦-.. Chiffon, silk and lawn jabots, stocks aml v %M^MM.M JLJy*£LHM.JL %ZLj& ] JOr TIlcTl CS /JOJ/& JlL*-*' I
. . • -- ¦¦' • -.^. ¦ - bows. .i
W *r-ri jf^j-djCk 1ST h~iTk/flba~h1*t^ fit AmM LOT 3 — 48C each* They are made with fancy silk fronts and bodies to match, and are in a
M JOS. Q*1C& jJAA6lMAAJ<J%JWlAAyf9JF\J • ',£««> rioo- . . . j full line of pretty colors. We've seen many of them no prettier sold this season
/>..,. *-»^»tir X4rf^\y r mf : tFif > SJL'COfT7TOl'*hHjDW"^f2(t€£iSy' White lawn and silk over collars and re- 1<Ji 'S^i . if" ,
(Jill ' X/CtY Wcty iuctx\tri» ji %.%sijmmuj. ocijjii cmj*** V€re8 . . Two or three other splendid; values for men:
' Grass linen fronts. - . • q -^ R« hi»! <i<in ITnrf >pw«»«i» *r»» 1«^/-
• The hair is washed and dried without injurious heat and with no £et lace and rlb . are 11&ht weighT^entUS rigM for thfs^e^on of the year. Maybe a
liability of contracting colds. We can give a natural temperature or a bon combination ties. ' size or two are missing, but If yours is here you will get a bargain you seldom do.
pleasant warm or cool breeze, as may be desired. snk^ksVnd rasYTmen bows • *' 25c Half Hose -for 16%c. \
-,,,_, -v ,„„ '¦ -. _ .-¦ - .¦¦ .•¦¦¦ Silk stocks and Brassllnen bows. Made of mercerized cotton-chiefly in tan shades, which most of you prefer; bul
i Hair Dressing is 25c. Face Massage is 50c. LOT 4-—- 68C eaCh. there is a sprinkling of a few blacks and blues among them-seven dozen all toK V
Ladies' Manicuring is 25c. Gents' Manicuring is 50c. worth *i.oo to n mT are worth "gularly Sc. but are now marked 16 2-3c . - . |
_, . '•".•¦ . , , . , . . , , , j - , -. . , white and black net fichus. Men's Natural Gray Under>vcan 90c. ¦•¦W/'MM.
The manicuring and hairdressinpr parlors are modernly and elaborately Whlte ch tfton fichus. • About half wool-a fnll regular garment of Norfolk and New Brunswick make '<"'V?2
equipped. There s a refinement and air about them that makes one feel at Taifeta silk, white rtque. pras? lin^n and shirts run from 34 to 42 and the drawers 30. 32 and 42. ' ' *in
l ¦ . . , Arabian lace over collars and reveres. » ¦ . . •
§& m . % LOT 5-$1.00 each. hllaAQ&lOOUlJJVW
CflfFVZIS tPJP$Cnf}f k & €%/£* Sa^a^Une^tfichu,. gnda'-'hristk brush-all ¦for- ,JL\r
WPX*nBL\^J>B\-'\^M'-*'\sA-y JrK Tif5' ' White lawn and grass linen over collars ' . . - ' - , t , . , , . .. • - . •
r •*¦<*_ x „„* -.^^ TAr~-f-*>~J!Z**^ m&»M- and reveres.- - x . This famous tooth powder is guaranteed perfectly harmless: in fact, it is
UlOJlt,~ StrOXJg &X2&W& hei* f)l*OOT*. silk and Arabian lace reveres. preferred by carefulpeople— the tooth brush is of fair quality. Buy both pow-
*^ • . _ : : der and brush for ioc. .
Just the article needed for tourists and campers— they are made of heavy Another' ?aff> of -Along with this stirring offer we will give ; :
ducked have heavy straps riveted on- all rbund-the leather handle is riveted- . «^^VTI FREE-A Sample Bottle of English Lavender. Smelling Salts
20^incli size $1.00— 22-inch. ?1.1O— 24-inch, ipi.SO— 26-inch ?1.3O. LcJUflC7jt*yJ<!!r %&&M,Jdr* . With every 25c purchase at the drug counter.
(^LJ^>^ *fi37 Market Street, Hale's Laundry Soap; per bar.........2c ar^ e f
• " ¦ ¦ "^y^- w . . - ' ". Castile Soap (Green),. per bar.. ...... .12c «- . 1^-. . /J&~1 /:A/in4 -
/ r. - GOlden Gate. Crystola (l«keSa P oio),perbar 4c Golden /Gate. *~ ¦',
An extravagant man Is always preach-
ing economy to his wife. • •
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
I Ffiedman'g Furniture J
I Birdseye Maple Chiffoniers in warm sum-
R mer weather birdseye maple looks so fresh and cool
I — one reason why it is so popular.. In newest.
i shapes and finest finishes. Also mahogany, goliien
i and Flemish oak «i>.pi.~ from $7.50 to $90.00
I The Pleasure I
I of Your Company I
u Is Requested at the Opening of our New Carpet
| Department this Week. Our old quarters werein-
u adequate for. our growing business so w'e've moved
I to the third floor. Nearly 12000 square feet of
p floor.space filled with the latest and best Carpets, .
I Rugs, Mattings and Linoleums. To make your
I vkit profitable as well as pleasurable we offer high
I pile carpets at about the price of ordinary carpets:
I 'Smith's Axmlnsters 5 patterns; old price $1.15—. .95.
I Hartford Axmlnsters 3 patterns; old price n.50-^-51.35 - :
I Savonerric Axminstcrs 3 patterns; old price $1,75— $1-40 V
b Room* Measured, Carpets Sewed, Lined and Laid; Above Prices
I ta S. P., Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley. - |
fcj "The Cmdit House." Six Stories High. \