training. We were farmer t>oy», and, the
rebs were good soldiers.
"Well, I was dispatched to co.mp to ask
for reinforcements. It was a new coun
try to me. Sometlm-rs a flash of light
ning would light up my path, and then
leave me in the dark, drenchl\>B ra'n more
frightened than eyer. The thunder in my
ears sounded like the cannonu of that day.
The roar of the m-er nt my side and the
my*terioua trees of the forest about me
all tended to increase, my terror.
"Suddenly a man blocked my path. In-]
stinct told me it was a sentinel.' I ha-'
never encountered one before, and ; the
only word I could think of was halt.' so
I shouted 'Halt!'- against all rules of mil
itary discipline.
g.tUI~Y "McICTNXJBT »»?• »• i 'the
futwtrst bit cf food tnat I have
evtr tft#ted." said Eeary Harrteon
Woodruff, and be certainly looks
-like a wfii-f ed .jnen. ;
JTtnrv 1« Junitpr of the Philoso
phy btniaiag at Berkeley. Forty years ago
he-fou«ht side by *l<Te with William Mo-
Klr.'.cy for C« preservation of the Union.
New he sweeps floor* and dusts chairs
In tjke halla of ;earnlE». but he might bo
fiai^lrp a nwh blsrher ponltlon had not
.vtb*>. irtTip of patriotism tjurned so bright
ly In .his bosom. •¦ - "
V\V>.;!t, he «aa a lad In Oberlln Collere
: I-;.:cr:n called for troop* to «nllet "for
titrtt yeaxs, or ts long as tbe ¦mi lasts."
He.ry \,'o<xlrulf, with his entire class,
; : enTisted. . - -f
.William McKlnley enlisted as a» private
In the E«ne regiaaent. the Twenty-third
01 • ytUxmt/be* Infantry.
•¦ l: ,.;ie down 'to ray hotute and Til tell
y. a about it and show you the picture
. ' Ir.lly McKlnley when he was 17 years
c:<!— when he er.21st«d with the Twenty
. tr..ri Otto" — a-t"J Hcarr bans np hl» dueter
end <*i«cartf*d his Jumper, Tor his day's
i ¦.!"• *va« c>er *• S ttzne was ais to rcflrht
. the- >>3.tlle* of tbe RebeSlon. /
lifT.rj Uxea la a carry titti* hiwui la
"T*n-.escsl. with the plcttxe* of ~\h» oon
r«ule«" fcusg abocL *
I -raa anxious to hear a-borrt THDjr M*-
Klr!r>" and tbat s-weet moreet ot food.
so Henry begaa.
"It wu In the trench— at Anttetam.
C-ir tnea oould not r*t «<St. tor we wer»
tafiw orCem to stay there ana Unlit.
'"> " * had ron« wlthoat evx breakfast,
aad were falst with hunxer.
•TtfffKtTiieT wms la the> oommlssazT d«
rr-rt at the time, and had ¦¦en pro
c^otod to eszrslsaarj sergeant Ee taw
ts« awtsl «oc£ltloa of the bmb, aad he
lews' JW mionm mt boOe4 Bw«f to be
Uteen o kaek ef the trenoaea. K* helped
ts t-M Xb» saea VH»t— *4 each had a
I hssk c» WOed W«f aad two kmttrt
t3cS2=Jcy CA tfcii «« kit m re^ona*-
K=sy. sad waa -wSSas «• takaj the «e».
"Xb* %«cl h* feotoA «o • towk, wklca
KM CStre. fatt b»«k etf tsa. Th« trtre*
ctfiM hid mv boACs a jia^auu ta tbe
Jkg=isw£DentJ X>«partm«xet at "Wachlarton.
TnrS U at Hayw was tbea UcoUoant
•sfteaad etf «cr rvzlxasst. Ke wr.tched the
tv-ua iwpmt as be setrred tb« m«a their
rmOnaa ta and out of the trenchea, within
d» £r» of tbs eneay, aad within a week
KcJCaler was made seoond Uentena&t cf
Oempacy D as a rtwtrt. . . - ¦
"lit aad attracted the attestioa mt the
odooel, who watched him with grewlnf
lsterast. He noticed that he was always.
at Ms s>oet of fluty; that duty, was first,
trd perscnal fiani«r alwayi la«t
"ilcKJnley rose In four years from a
privet* la the ranks to brevet cjajor ot
volunteers. , ¦ . •
"He was no ballroom major, either,"
paIiJ his o!d comrade. Heary. "for oura
was a Cg-btlr-g regtmenl. was tae Twenty
third Ohio! T^e 'Presidential regiment,'
'h Jt was called, because Rutherford B.
Hayes and . 'William McKinley were
an-.or:K the loot) men that made up tie
. Tv«-,;t;:-*hlrd. ' '. ' .' :' \ ¦[' '.':';.¦
"i; : \i litiyes «tnd McKlnley ; became la
• ' turn <J i» ernur of" the State of Ohio and
President cl the United States.
\ "V.!«r. he »ajt cotr.iris;«ary r-ergeant I
\ was i>ci on «rii2.rd- abont the place where
* tLe piisoncri were kept. Sometimes when
u b< s til Eusat or crackera was open I
*.o:.M work *otr.e of Jt out vrttb my fln
jrei5 .-^.r:d stand eatfr.g U and talking- to
Billy McKlnley.
•Xltile I orcarr.ed then that he would
mortc dr.y bo President of tbe United
F: t.--. i.ut he was In the line of pro
pio'Jcn tl.cn, Las been guing up ever
¦¦ ¦, ¦. ¦ - - ¦ ¦ .
tlKce.
."I rernemtjer 5'^Kl^«»y Ju«t pfter tbe
fln-t bit'J" UM T*rimtyitfcird ij:id. It was
;>'*it;-CamIfai Ferry, in West Virginia, on
;¦ thf* : :-.!.; of September 10. 1SGL
"OLr n:cn lay on the west bank of the
riv<r. It v.m« a caUI, drpary night We
jotobd about with oiir arav coats up over
bur r-.irn, thHikins cf that day's work.
..¦ '"(":< rt.i^ax Fierry was tnrre child's play
:.'\o wh.at f^Hiwf-f 1 . but it ni our initial
;:t«tt!e. axi'l \r? pot just a taste of what
¦ V.the wiir really me.iru
V ¦"AlthcVsA r. r rly pr-rishing cold,
".'T.P ilr.rrd not build a firo.
V •• "I v.pn one of throe who were doing
Vp'ck«»t duty thrtc-<iu"irtcrs of a mile from
'•'can.p. -and ore cf the three was young
...M^KinJcy. ''2 :.<'•'< :~.'k*
*.'•/.* fitnliieiily we hrzr<3 a noise In the un
.'.-• «:crl>ri>-!i.. Wo bfj;an -.fcolinfr round In the
.':- ifiwknctsM vrith our pufis'for the enemy.
.. -".:¦ . **"W«. were bally scared. I think we felt
; . . -fxo.ci tik« iivm our 'deficiency in military
"AfterCarhlfax Ferry the Twenty-third
saw ,' some.' hard . fighting ¦' in the < western
part' of the 'State of - Virginia, and we
learned that', the grit, of the* farmer boys
and the'eourago of young: hearts count
even- against" trained soldiers; for after
these series of battles 'ilcClcllan, tele-
to Inform us that the.noise^we heard wns
caused by a dog coming through the un
derbrush, and not , by the enemy. In a
flash of the light I recognized Bi.ly Mc-
Kinley as the bearer of the good news. .-
" 'Who goes. there?*, he said. J
' ' " .'A friend with the countersign, 1 I re
plied,'- with trembllng^lips.
: V 'Approach, and give the countersign,'
he commanded.
"He placed the muzzles cf his pun
against my. breast andiroveri that muzzle
1 pave the .countersign. -'.. It was the^most
terrible moment of ray lifo. '
".'The ; countersign la -correct,' he Eald,
aiid ,my, fright was abated. • . '.-. .
'•'"Tlien one of the boys came running up
"And there was another time, went on
McKlnley'a old comrade, "when Billy was
sent with a message to order Duval to a
new position on the right flank of our
army. It was near Winchester. Duvar
said that he was Ignorant of the lay oX
the surrounding country and refused to
move his men until more definite instruc
tions should be sent him.
"McKlnley was also- uninformed, but he
nad a /reserve force of character that
made Itself felt In an emergency, a 'some
thing- up hia sleeve' that enabled him to
face any situation coolly.
"One thlnp. McKlnley knew that delay
was dangerous.
"'General Duval.' he Bald, 'this la a
time of great emergency. I command you
by order of General Crook to move your
command up this ravine to a position on
the right of the army.'
"He spoke better than he knew, for this
."He carried a message to fall back to
a regiment that had not been notified of
the withdrawal of the rest of the army.
He rode ! under full fire of the enemy.
Colonel Hays watched the young; man
through the field-glasses. When McKin
ley returned the colonel said:
" 'Well, young man. I never expected to
Bee you again n the flesh.'
graphed to Washington, 'Secession is
killed in thla country,' and a new State
was organized and admitted Into the
Union under the name of West Virginia.
"At the battle of Winchester an act of
Billy McKinley' s gained for him mention
in the official dispatches and secured for
him promotion to captain of Company IX
• never shall forget the tattle of Ot*»
Creek, made famous by Sheridan's ride.-
We were stationed along Cedar Cre«k.'
Th« rebel epies had that day discovered'
a break in our lines, and under cover of
night part of their division march*!
through the pap and when day- '
Hrht broke attacker) us. It -was a damp.
foggy morniiv. We were getting* oar
breakfast when we were surprised by reb«
to the left of u4, rebs to the right of us,
rebs all about' us. We never would have ¦
escaped had It not been that they wtr«
hungry rets. Instead . of following up
their advantage they broke ranks and fall
to eating our breakfast;
"Goethe says 'hungrer is the greatest
thing in the worid. ne^t to .love.' Bo It
proved that morning. Even love of coun
try took a back seat. while the rebs ate.
"Meanwhile we wfre to the rear, and
Sheridan 'at Winchester,- twenty miles
away,' where he had gone to get Instruc
tions. ¦. '
"Suddenly we saw him rldlnr at full •
gallop toward the ranks.
And the wave of retreat checked it* cour»e
then, because ¦
The sight qt the master comj>«Tle<l Jt t» puit«.
With foam and with <Su«t ts» tiUcH c!un«r
wa» gray; *
Ft the Cash of h!s eye tnA hit red noitrllj*
play
IT* neeinml to the whoJ« irr^at army to »ar« ¦
"I havr brought yoa Eher'dan »U t?!» way
From Winchester down to rrve ths day:"
. "Sheridan wheeled hfs horse about and
saluted -the army of the Shenandoab. .
"Cc-urage Cashed from hSa sword, and
entered every soldier's hew:. -
" 'Forward, march.", and forward we dM
rn.irch to wrench the laurel* of succees
from the hands of defeat.
'The rebels ran for their lives. Eaxly
was powerless to call then to order..
"We surprised them as Waahlntrton: did
when he crossed tbe Delaware, and earn*
upon the British at Trenton.
"TV© followed the.ra up and captured
their stores an.l provisions and finished
our breakfast, which w« called lunch, for
It was now Ions past the hour ot break
fast.
"Did I s-e McKlnley Inaugurated?
"Well. I gueaa yea. . ,
- "It was MeKlnley*s wish that Mi old
comrades should be hla escort en th« day
of his Inauguration. I went dear from
California to be there. • \
"We escorted the President down ¦Penn
sylvania avenue from tho Capitol to the
White House, carrylcf tenam with
Twenty-third Ohio Infantry printed ea
them In sold letter*. Before us wms the
eld fla* that had been »ur Inspiration for
four years during the war. It .was now
¦hot to shreds. On the end of one of the
•hxeds nun* a lonely star. The mast was
¦battered In hair. I remember the da*R
when It was done.
•Th* bullet entered the haart «f th«
color bearer and ha faQ 4-aad. but the)
ftas: wu quickly picked nj and hoisted ea
hiflx with Its shattared mast.
"I have written to the Oorernor of OhJ»
to see If we can set it out hare. It is
now In the .archives of the State of Ohlov
"McKlnley U coming- out here, yoa
know, in May, and his old comrade* ara
going to meet him at the ferry and escoft
him to his hotel. There • are cine of na
on the Pacific Coast who served with Mo- -
Klnley in the Twenty-third Ohio. They
are: Martin IUtter of San Leandro. C
C. Kelser of the Soldiers' Home at Santa
Monica: C. H.- Hubbard. ex-Mayor oC >
Sacramento; Ha"rrts.on : ' Gray Otis of Lbs
Angeles, J. Q.. Drake of Stockton, Harry
C Moor of Sacramento, Thomas Conner*
of the Colville Indian reservation. Wash
ington; O. B. Burgett of Merlden, Cal.,
and Henry Harrison Woodruff of Berke
ley.'
"We are all anxious to see McKlnler
again.
"The day after the Inauguration we all
went up to the White House to pay our
respects to the new President. <$R«S9
"The Turk was waiting with his fez and,
flowing Turkish trousers, tha Egyptian
and the Jap, the Chinaman and the pomp
ous Spaniard, all In costume waiting to
pay respects also.
" 'Send in my old comrades," came word
from McKlnley, and In we filed—ninety
six of us. i*:
.•'It is natural that our hearts swelled
up a little with pride as we marched
down the hall past the dignitaries of tha
earth. Into our old comrade's reception
room.
"Changed? Billy McKlnley? Well, a
little stouter, perhaps, than he was v.hcn
be lived on hard tack and coffee," and
Comrade Woodruff laushed heartily.
"Yes, some stouter and considerably
older." he' said as he ran his fingers
through hi3 own gTay hair. But time <:oes
not change an horest h<?nxt and 'fortuna
never changes, it unmasks a man.' Now
McKlnley r.eve'r wore a mask, fie was
i always what bo seemed to be, and he la
the pame whole-souled, sincere fellow h*
was when b*^ served In the ranks of tha
Twenty-third Ohio."
So. according to Henry Woodruff, tha
former lishteis are to have a reunion in
May.
May 15 President McKlnley will address
the graduating student^ at Berkeley.
And some time in May McKinley is to
launch the new battleship Ohio Into the
navy of the United States.
The battleship Ohio la now in process of
construction at the Union Iron Works ar.d
will be completed by ilay 1.
How fitting that a President should
launch the Ohio.
The State of Ohio is the Presidential
nest. In it have been nurtured onr Re
publican list of Presidents with but one or
two. exceptions, till the name Ohio id • al
most synonymous with President.
very movement swung Duval's division In
a position to take the enemy's flank and
win the . victory.
! "Then McKinley was made assistant ad
jutant general of the first' division. First
. Army Corps, and the last year of the. war
he was brevetted major on' recommenda
tion of his commanding officer Cor services
in Sheridan's campaign . in the Shenan
doali Valley.
¦ ""We did some tall fighting In the Shen
andoah, Billy McKlnley and It
An Okland Man who
Served as a
rivate
with
President
OllllfSK
ft i¦utd. neither • tribe .raining any decided
victory." v
Medicine men from the Flutes (properly
spelled Pah-Utes), acting In accordance
with a command from their big chief 3,
tattooed on^ conspicuous bowlders., lying
•within the disputed land warnings to
TVashoes who were found trespassing.; ;*
The indignant Washoes. resenting the
affront, eent out their own wise men, who
depicted In glaring hieroglyphics horrible
warnings to intruding Flutes.
Even now descendants from either tribe
¦who can figure out the significance of
these pictorial designs . grow decidedly
wroth, and sigh for\the happy days of
+¦ tomahawk, bow and arrows and thrilling
' delights of the war path.
* • • * .
It Is rather a sorrowful ol<5 «**" that
Indians' look forwnrrt to-nc*lect<rrt.
abused, treated but little bettor than an
"Injun cur." The average native apes
rapJdlytnfter th« fiftieth birthday—never
thcJess a persistent hold Is iralntalnnd
upon life; nnd many a crntury-old red
skin itlll awaits his or her call to the
happy hunting- ground.
pearly every camprodie shelters either
«n RRed squaw or a withered buck.Thelr
duties and treatment are singularly
to a tvatchfiojj crown old la ser
. "«
"-•¦¦\ ¦ • " ' I
The 20th Century Pictures.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
are found.
These two tribes were and even now are
the bitt^rest of enemies. An ancient ra
cial feud refuses to die out, and is quite
apt to flare up afresh whenever. members
of the respective tribes meet. The feud
originated over disputed territory. Piutes
and Washoos laid claim to the same sec
tion of territory, teeming with game and
bountifully stocked trout streams. As a
natural consequence bloody battles en-
utterly doprave;! is a circle nf £am
fis.^ U!ns Fiutcs. . Yet what a pictur
esque appearance ls» this he\T of
tra".:<!ll;" att'r^-d pquawf r.nfi collection of
?ay:y caparlson«d bncka!
Gambling proves to be a mrvr'.a amor.g
th<» r^dskir.s. non-satiable even though ln
duip«»-d ;n every day. and continuing
throush the whole framut of each hour in
tho twenty -four.
Perhaps civilization's touch has had a
prooij deal to do with the Introduction of
poker and other card games among Ix>
and his tribe, but no other rac* in the
world can ha so entirely carried away by
the fascinations of gambling as these
cone copper-colored native*. Xot to gam
ble is not to live with to-day's original
Americans. The methods ar.d manners
exhibited at an Indian gaming circle are
ocd and strangely Inten^sting.
Both the squaws and the braves are ad
dicted to the craze; the squaws even out
number their stoical lords in attendance
at the regular games. This may tw» ac
counted for -when one Is aware of the fact
that the mahalas. as a general rule, hold
the purse strings, simply because they are
the breadwinners and financial heads of
their respective families. . .
Typica! "Jim," if sufficiently domineer
ing, nay succeed in wherdUng from his
E^uaw. "Susie." enough to stake him' at
a buck game, bat if "Susie" desires
(which «he always does) to gamble a bit,
fh<» betakes hertelf to town and scrubs,
washes cr splits wood for the necessary
"ante." • . :_'¦
Let us -*iti:es3 the etiquette of a 'Flute
pofcrr ffarr.e: ¦ .. .• •'¦"• '¦
Irr* as they play their Imnds In n mns.
trrly fashion. LUtle ;>;u>ooses toddin
about, -dirty *iroun faces stretched »n
pleased grins us they icslti>«r in miniature
< i roles and p.'ny. v.-ith the cast-oft cards of
thflr indulgent parents.
AVhile tbp «ar.ct!monioi:« pnVfaee listers
to the gcspel jiroarhed in ho!v p<i:r,f-rs an-1
'contributes moppy to ftvp!! th«* foroift-T
m!sslonar>' fund, native In-liar.s gamblf,
pmoke and f.jffer in Fpm'.-b.-irbarlc styip
¦within hearing distance of the church
bells that summon enlightened Christians
to worshipful duties.
• • •
Basket wearing, a beautiful art nf a
vanishing race, has recently boen nrvived
among the Indians of the far "West. ,TVser<*
was a noticeable falling oft in mimbrr3
and variety nf willow work, such as t.nly
an Indian woman can weave. Curio rjhIi
erers became alarmed, spread the report
and eoon the native?, by dint of silvery
compensation, took u? the declining art
and once more exquisite baskets in won
derful designs are flooding novelty stores
and white men's domiciles.
Another art— if so it may. be termed—
has died out completely and irrevocably.
Traces of It arc occasionally discovered
In seclude.1 spots or scattered meagerly
about in some remote district frequented
by Indians in early day?. Tattooing, or
picture writing, on rocks is the artifice
referred to. an accomplishment no Indian
of to-day can boast- of. although a few
of them are able to translate in a rough
fashion the symbols that still adorn rare
bowlders.
i Throughout the old haunts of Flutes and
Washoep the majority of tattooed rocks
First. the Indian Invariably selects for
a convenient r<»nd«>svous vom« vacant lot
or sur.sy alley-way within the town on
xrhoso outskirts they dwell; here an en
remble take? place every week day, and
the squaws drift off by themselves, leav
ing the bucks to form a "stag party."
The two fiexes then buckle down to a
steady game, lactlng from morning until
old Sol refuses to furnish warmth and
light. These wwk-day gatherings are
mere preliminaries to the grand fete held
on the Babbath. This day Is set aside by
Plutes and -Washo*a as a "heap big day."
It Is then that "Susie" ties her gayest
Iterchief under her palnt<»d chin, dons her
best varl-colored waist and skirt, and
blithely follows "Jim." with a new feath.
«r In his wide-brimmed hat. to their fa
vortte ej>ot— the vacant lot In town.
Arriving here each squaw Joins her fa
vorite clique, and the eeveral clique* pro
ceed to make ready for the day's festivi
ties. A greasy blanket la spread upon tha
jrrotind. fifteen cr twenty squaws, arrayed
In their multi-colored costumes, squat In
a circle about this blanket and the fun
begins.
The card? are dealt oat In most any old
faebton— «o It seems to an on-looker. The
players stack up their accumulation of
nickels and dimes, bet them, losing or
•winning with a etolcal indifference— one
old-tlaae trait not yet lost to the fln-de
eiede Indian.
What a Bight to behold!
Giddy young mahalas, painted and be
decked with beaded Jewelry; wrinkled old
eqvaws.. middle-aged ones, fat and com
placent—all equally devoted to this game
. of poker. Never playing Just for fun, but
alway* for their neighbor's "pile."
Cigarette* are smoked freely and with
an accustomed air by these dusky daugh-
The Tomb, of Barbara' Glass, Who -Was Buried -In 18411;
frowning Mount Bally In the distance was
but an ant heap when the Great Spirit,
.who dwells In- the clouds above Mount
Shasta'a peak, paused here and fashioned
this mark which the white man haa since
imitated all over tha hills.
The first road which eventually pene
trated this region was the Oregon trail,
and; that passed along the other side of
the Sacramento River. : fifteen * miles : to
the eastward of tfco wood which shelters
this lonely grave. The spot must have re
mained miles, from a highway for many
years. The nearest settlement in 1841
must -have been close to San Francisco
Bay If Indeed It was not Yerba- Buena
itself.. . , •
Some of the many people who have
made pilgrimages tc the tomb of Barbara
Glass have whispered "Jeaulta." But tho
Jesuits went south rather'than north from
the Golden Gate- ana none are knowa to
have headed their burros into the un
known land that lav in thc:shadctw of th-»
great white mountain of the north. And
the headstone UseJI baffles -this notation;
Just as it does so many pthers. • There is
no cross upon it. ' . . .' .
And «o. in the picturesque clearing of
the manzanlta. th« xmzzlinz thine riasa a
KSgnpost of a past that were only * myth
but for this slow;' changing evidence oi
its one-time reality. Save far the curlou»>
visitor- who cornea to dull his wits upon
thp problem only. -*rte .drumming of th»
grouse, by day and ;he nighiime scream of
the irreverent wildcat serve to break .upon'
the peaceful quiet about the gravestone
that perpetuates the nam«- but not th«
memory of. liarbar* Glass. » . .
otes of these woods ever saw, are chis
eled these words: ; , \ • «
I
Here Lies ' :
BARBARA GLASS. :
Born 1815. :
Died 184L :
IN PEACii . :
The written evidence that : here the
tomb builder wrought sixty years ago is
borne out by the traces of nature's ruth
less hand. The ferruginous stone .has
rusted with the pelting , rains of more
than half a hundred winters; the heaped
up mound, as if weary of its purpose,
had long ago sloughed back to the level
of the adjacent ground but for the
slightly restraining walls whieh surround
it. The burnt brick of these walls and
the corners of stone, once set nolidly m
the unyielding mortar, have felt the ce
ment rot ' away from them until- the
¦whole resembles the fantastic piling of
n child, and each block is as loose In its
place as the teeth in the Jaw of the
Pliocene skulL The decaying masonry is
such aa 1j bo en In many an ancient
Tins greatest mystery In all Shasta
County, whose enchanted hills and
ravines abound In strange, Poe-like
things that lead the curious into
the world of the weird. Is presented by a
l^ne "Brave in the woods, temple In It
self, this tomb" suggests questions which
I^eople have vainly sought for years to
fo1v<\ and they, turning to history for
rnlighter.ment, have been met only with
' p mockery that but adds to their con
fupion. The thing is a veritable interro
gation point In the wilderness. The
pravea marble headstone, the coping 'of
brick and the now leveled mound be
fpeak a civilization which the written
history and the memories of men declare
did not exist In this section.
• This ancient Fepulclrcr, plainly by far
the first of Its kind In Northern Cali
fornia, stands in a little clearing in the
xnar.za.Rlta. out of sight of the road, ten
.miles west of ItedCing and two miles
cast of the pioneer mining town of Igo.
Upon the headstone, beneath the sculp
• lured- lamb, certainly the first the coy-
churchyard of the- older States, but it
tells of an antiquity greater than that
of any Americas graveyard of the Goldef
"West.. ¦
The mystery of this tomb, then, : lies in
its age. The year of our Lord 1*411 That
was eight years before James Marshall
picked up. 200 miles south of the spot, the
golden magnet that 1 drew civilization of
the East to the "Western shore. That i
was before we.warred with Mexico. Cal
ifornia was then almost as • Ood gave it ,
and knew no rule save the whimsical
mandate of the Spanish exile and the
more vigorous sway of /the tomahawk.
If this gravestone does not lie it must
have sent many a Shasta or Modoc In
dian gliding back to the potlatch with a
new etory of the manifestations of tna
Great Spirit. - and have stood a • bleak
sentinel for a decade before the first bold
gold hunters, pushing northward, found
it and stopped a day to marvel and con
jecture. • •.,*.:•
More difficult yet to answer than what
vanlshel hand built, this commemorating
pile of 'st jne and brick is the question:
"Who was Barbara Glass?" '. -¦¦ ¦ • •. ¦
This strange woman antedated by st
lea«t\ a dozen years the coming, of the^
white woman- of history to the- Shasta"
region. The Christian name is Spanish,
butthe surname Is not. A : romance, as
pretty as unreal, might be spun of the
.adventurous American who , stole , the
Spanish senorita, asd the lovers, fearing'
the old parent grandee's wrath, fiedinto.
the unknown . northland. whose trainees
'hills defied pursuit, nnd here their chll.1
was born. But Barbara was 2fl years old
when she died and twenty-six, years is a
deal longer than love's devoted exiles and
their babe, leading a Robinson Crusoe ex
istence, could reasonably expect to escape
a chance, and fatal encounter with tho ;
embittered Indian, even for the tender
purposes of romance. ' • .-.-.-¦
In the unwritten volumes of tradition,
which serve the Indians as history, there
is no story of the pale-face woman who
died here so many moons ago. The ear
liest Indian leg-nd relates only to - the
tomb, and that evidently was recognized
as some sign made by their divinity. The
Indians who may now occasionally be
found culling the red berries from- the
manzanltas near by. will tell you that
nay be sera sightless aq-caw* lad by Bt
tie papooses or other squaws: a clumsy,
blind buck guldsd by his jltim-lookln*
brother; other unfortunate Indians—de
void of eyesight — grope about unassisted.
Invest lsatlon shows that this bllndneaa.
originally brought on by penatratlnff
<¦!'.• i.<'.s ui smoke that characterize the non
ventllated interior of an Indian's lodge, is
becoming hereditary. It Is a pitiful condl
ltno :• r l.i. to arrive at. since nothing can
i in '.me him to adopt modern appliances
or to take precautions against weak eyes.
No one ever saw one Indian in a bun*
dred who would condescend to don a pair
of eyeglasses. •. ' .. ¦
The twentieth century Indians are pe
culiar characters— oa*lly acquiring an ap
mude ip tne vice* oi their white brethren,
but adapting themselves to means for
tlieir own advancement in a slow and de
plorable mariner. . . -,-•'.¦ .-:¦:¦ ..
JOHX HAROLD HAMLIK.
nee; to g-uara »Tin care ror the wigwams
and villager during- the absence of the
younger Indians— whose time- is mostly
spent at the gamins circle.
The ancient 'custom of cremating th«
dead prevails among the Flutes and the
Y.'ashces— usually the ¦wigwam within
which an Indian draws his last breath,
.together with all the effects of the de
ceased, is confiscated Into a funeral pyre.
Blindness 13 making horrible Inroads
• upon the .elderly Indians. Numbers of
the" historically sharp-eyed savages lose
their eyesight from contact with the
'suffocating fumes of brush •and wood
fires constantly burning in th© center of
That blindness has reached the stage of
an epidemic 1b a fact easily realized when
one sees for himself positive proars.
¦Wherever Indiana gather there also
THE MYSTERIOUS
TOMBSTONE
AT REDDING
2And - by the 'way, 'If you .'are your own
furnisher, bear in mind that a well-fit
ting collar is the basis of every one of
thes»e treasures that look so simple and
cost so dear. If you have not a good pat
tern, get a dressmaker to cut you one.
There is a dressmaker who so values the
fit of a collar that she is not satisfied with
what cutting alone can do, but she must
needs pull and tug at her lining canvas
until it shapes Itself to the neck in ques
tion without a wrinkle or a pucker. So
you &*e how Important this little mat
ter is to a professional. The pattern once
perfect, all that follows in a question of
tnsie and patience. Tou either have .these
or not, according as na(ure has endowed
you. Without them in abundance, never
try to make one. of these things. They
are atrociously' expensive ready-made;
this Is because somebody else had to be
paid for having and exercising these very
qualities. Better raise the money or do
without, than wear a clumsily made one.
A dainty affair In white, blue and gold
sells at $8. This is one of the simple ones.
The stock is of tucked white satin; It
Is trimmed with pale blue velvet embroid
ered in white French knots. Blue velvet
ties are headed with gold filagree orna
ments. ¦• '
The Persian velvets are sweller than
ever and one of these combined with
black velvet and shot with gold button.!,
makes* a smart collar for a black Waist.
Narrow black velvet ribbon serves for thd
tie.
. The tie of nearly all these stocks comes
in the front. That is In accord 'with: th*
fashion of the day, which pushes hair,
hat, blouse and ribbons all to the front as
if the wearer were followed by a high
wind. - '
One exception to this rule is found in a
broad laco collar that is finished at .the
back'.of the neck by a fat chou of chiffon.:
This is one of the low sailor-shaped col
lars that tit at the base of the stock In the
back and meet in front at the waist line,
leaving a wide open V.- • -
Many'of these are of gold or silver lace.
Some are of chiffon, others of various,
kinds of lace 'as various as your purses.
tlgati* the work . of the. motiixd : builders,
and: found the- 'insect. : in \ the ; Batchua
Mountains, : ; along ,\ the ¦'.. Am iaicin. ¦;.'•:'_• T^ier •
Batchua Indians . are ¦ punished . by; being:
brWnded ; and: banished,, and after banish-.
merit : without : the pale of the Indians'
habitatfona!. they wander around. .and: to?:
variably rettirn"lnsan.e.Mit was this coti
dltlon 'of insanity -which! struck ln'» ¦>x-.
plorers' as pectt^iaT. aind they lmme«ilatety '
They ;.found the: graveyard where the frk-
Barie^, are, buried., and /investigating :;t n «K
bodies JsaV that th« skulls; were-; :p«ne^.
trated as; if by a .small ' caliber bullet.
Then. 'they w^nt tt» explore the ta*J elands;
.where V IImFv banished; : men Vander^' atidv
th^re ¦'•they :¦ fputul .; .the .". insects which '¦. Is
something llk«| the pf Indiat and
ether tropical cifmatea. This Inject is de
scribed by one of the discoverers as beinjc
a plain; common : fellow ¦. la - ; appearhce.
about the . size ipf a buckshot, an4 resem
bling a buckshot in size-, form and: color.
Under the glkps, however,: -his .peculiar
bone-boring propensities were at once ap
parent. The entire edge of : his circular
shell was a miniature sawi : Upon being
'disturbed' he plainly showed tn« procedure
he resorted; .to. In :. order to get out of
harm's way^ . Round; and round he turned
upon the limb to which he clung. He sank;
Into the hard wood as If by magic, leaving
a clean hole behind, filled wtth the fine
dust from his borings and. completely
screening him In his course. He probably
would be classed, -with th« narcopsylla
Venus, to which belong: the Peruvian chl-
: hole into the ikull of a. nian o driv-.
ing him crazy..! It has not been "n^.med yet
BclentlflCally, and. for want of v a better
name the Americans.- who. •found:, .their
weird creature have' icalled.; him .simply
I?'- fl PON th^ plateau regions of .'.the... Vthe.slcun borer." '; The discoverer* are
II' Jj Amazon has been discovered anew ; Professor C-. '•A* ¦•Pjfers and ¦ S" : . .'li.- : 'Woiford.
\s^'j and terrible Insect that ; bores . a. .They went to the Aroazoi. Btyer : to jmves^.
They are trimmed !n a ttiousanfl differ
ent ways and are of a thousand different
colors. . .. • : •¦
The big fichus to be worn with evenln«
gowns are simple in ' form, being cut; ex-!
actly like those that our mothers wore
and our grandmothers before them. They
are- a big oval piece of net bordered by, a
flounce of trimming lace. This is folded
down the middle in shawl-shape an«i
draped In any way that the fancy of the
wearer and the form of the shoulders may;
dictate. It may be knotted at the bust,
at the waist; it. may be crossed in front
and carried about the waist to the bacK.
where jt 1s tied if it be long enough. It
may be. brought together at the. bust and
clasped with a- large brooch, the- ends be-
Irjg left loosely . hanging. . : •¦'
. The chiffon boa Is as perishable as an
eggshell and as dainty 'as .a cloud: ;It is:
made of yards and yards of chirton, art
crfmped and fluted and gathered -upon a
strip of ribbon. The 'chiffon' Is usually
edged' with.cl?eniUe and -.long ropes of
chenille finish Ithe'ends. Black :qr white,
on a 'combination of the tWo.'are, themost
frequent colors for these boas; air.<>ther.^
feha.des-may be'found. . however. . '¦¦'¦_ ; V-
There is ' no use exposing one ' of these
fragile things to a fog unless you have
the wealth to buy a : new ore. for' every
wearing: Dampness ruins the shirring, in
short order." '. ¦.' [ ..-. . . .• . ¦ '" - .;.-.;
So. the fancy neckwear, you ;see. Is both-
an-extravagance and an economy, Itpe--
Ishes like, the dew on the one hand.; "On
the other, a- bit of It is often' the 'rein-r
<:arnattpn era discarded pown that looked
hopeless until a gay tie and. collar were
added, uhtp; lj^ .• ,-~;- ¦.'::.:¦¦¦¦ >'* ; : .-' '¦.¦*"¦'¦".¦¦': ¦:¦' '¦: '¦¦
At any rate, it's pretty and tt'i; stylish;.
ahd.'tha up-to-date woman '-.ti going :. ta'
argue on. the economy side where . there's
a man or a'con?rleneVto p*rauade.-";." :*:.;..
¦vrrn! thinking abf|ot- that lodger of.
oury.V. the landlord remarked to hi* Wife.
, :M Ab6.ut what?" "';•.':.' : ' " -,' *- ! ". ' •.-.-"• ' /' : v •'¦'•. : "
. : "He pay»' his rent- «o : punctually " I think
Td better raise, it on hlm,''-i-Philadelphia
limes. '¦ : - !.: >- : \;-'':'.i' •;¦'-.'¦ '¦•''/- . : ' '-'¦' ¦'¦'¦ '¦¦
'¦:.y '.:¦¦': ' . ' . ¦' ' — . « ;? ¦ ¦ — ;.¦'¦.> '»¦;. / 'C. •'.'.-••••¦¦
.- "I . .don't 'want l» ' groyr'trpyVCsald th«
boy- almost' teacfulljr.- ¦•¦• ¦ '1 • : :! ; - -.: : .' - V- •;"•
. "Why notT" '. •:;:.' S' : •^¦¦:^"y- v
-."Beeause:, : when Chrlstmas ; eye comes 1
wiarif:to- haris: up fuir size stockings— -ROt
half hose/' — Washington ' Star,.- ' •¦'••:.- " ;';.':'
TERRIBLE INSECT THAT BOES
INTO THE SKULL OF MAN.
Some of the best things men say are
misquotations from authors .who turn
over In' their craves.
"We clos"ely scrutinized several of those
•possessed' of Batchuas who roamed at
.will through the cjrowd that- surrounded
us. and found the insane symptoms were*
as -varied as thAse to be found In an asy
lum for. the demented. There were those
who had special hobbles. Some wera con
tinually calm and pensive, attempting na
v1oi«sri« In any form. Others wera con
tinually vicious, and still others wera
only vicious at 'times. Others were upon
imaginary hunting trips and hid for guns
behind the big huts. There was no trac*
of physical deterioration."
ee» fov emggeTT US TOT caxapaio. er
South 'African tick.. Still,- he Is entirely'
-different from these fellows.'
The effect the skull borer. has on men
is thus described: : ' . ° ¦ *
One crime usually starts an epidemic of
the same. One large bank robbery last
year was followed almost immediately by
two others. V-* ; '
The kidnaping of Marlon Clark was fol
lowed by several others of the same sort,
and the CuCahy boy abduction was again
the first in a series of attempts at child
stealing'.
From banks '. I,8o7,761
B" asents 271.S7S
Forceries .' .*.... 156.9JK)
From loan associations '. 125.100
By postmasters.. i 24,427
Miscellaneous stealing •.... ; 900,330
of the century Ws '$4.660 ,134, taken In ttie
following ways:' |
Stolen by public officials...... ..'.{1,2:3.073
The gold tips and tags, by the way (fer
rets, they are called) complete nine o,ut of
ten of the season's bows. Some are long
and pointed, others are fiat and fila greed.
They are on the ready-made bows and
they can be had separately if you wish
to do your own decorating.
ered in. tiny gc!d beads no bigger than a
pinhead. Gold-tipped bows of the red rib
bon finish the front.
The largest thieving -Is done by bank
officials; the second largest by public serv
ants; the smallest by Postmasters. The
handling of large sums of money is the
most direct temptation. After this comes
the opportunity for stealing the public
money— money which belongs to nobody
because it belongs to everybody.
Stolen bank moneys go usually for horse
racing, gambling and on the. stock mar
ket.
The amount stolen during the last year
The crimes against | property involve
millions of dollars. In JSS2 was the small
est loss by bank wrecking. J2.000.000, and
in 1S34 jthe largest, $25,234,112. Thus it is
not the' Increase In population or in ma
terial w-ealth which Is responsible for this
addition to crimes against property.
Rare hatred, is the- cause of many
crimes and their punishment In defiance
of the lav.-. Thus 10 persons were killed
for no other cause than race prejudice in
the South last year. * '.
One lynching and one han— Ing- every
three days is certainly a generous ;a!low
ance ev;en for a country of 78,000.000 per
sons. :
Lynching shows 107 cases in the ;South
(all of people) against eight (all
white) hi the North. Eighty p-rsons were
legally -; hanged In the- South. 33 in the
North, r . ':>¦•' r :
There has been one-tfenth per ceat 4n
crease ,in the number pf lepp.l hani^nj;-?
tsince l!pO. the propor'.bn of population
remainfng the "same: <tne-tenth per cent
decrease In lyochings siiice the same date,
but or.ej-tenth iricrease in t!ie same violent
punishinent between 1SQ& and 1900.
of dynamite. 2 by starvation, 1 by freez
ing and 1 by placing uimself against a
circular saw. [
This number of suicides allows 2S for
each day in the year aria a few over.
. . It Is mafle of strips of double plnk^sllk
ti a dc«>p phrimp sha.de. These strips are
•carcely half an Inch wide. They are
; held together by feathcrstitchlng of gold
ihread. and gold buttons nail the pink
.: k»wb In front. The clinging texture ob
tained by the combination of silk and
»j>en work fits closely to the throat. The
v tolor Is becoming to a- blonde, especially
* o the ruddy. Englishy type who can wear
to many trying shades that nobody else
tr.. and. aiae. vie* versa.
Therele another open work collar made
If combining Phort strips of red velvet
ribbon and bands of gold braid. Remem
ber, gilt effects are the .newest. You will
to well to show gold or .silver If only by
v button. : ¦ ¦ .- • :
The red ribbon of this stock Is embrold
| ¦H"I"I"I"I"I' i I"I"I";-I"I"I"I'I"X"I"
1 he edgi-s of the collar an«* th»
in-l tagrf of the tie ar«? usually trimmt-J.
Late is ustd for this purpose, and so Is
.rjttvch.' .' . .
¦ A much-trimmed collar Is sure to make
i Large neck look lurger. For such there
m an tnd less variety cf soft, closely fil
ang Mocks such as the pink and gold
>ne;
;n ma'.lw huw p'.iin it may be, and you
a Urt :;>>• ?'fft-ct cs u result. \ Tiie
iam<! -dV-s'gns <.>j:h< !•: ull colurt 1 ; V.h!te Is
<ac •>fufli-ry b«r«.aii^e it can l>e worn with
tny nilur of gown. Likewise it can b»
irorp with any cotaplexion, which Is
north while considering. •
'l'.tiif i«r vs.,imiil«? o«;e of t!ic wrhlt« chif-
Joti with a l<mji bow. You may
a-.'.r it <. r. any j^ilk waist that you have.
Th«V are foolish, fragile things, all tbesfl
fancy collar? and. fichus, if you look" at
th«-m frcim a Ftrone-tnindci point f«»f
»-lew. But you don't. You know that
{here ls ; nothing in the world so sensihle
is Wng invr.y. and that you can give
iot^ more j)l<-itsur*- fcy so being than :hy
Utitlns thv 3curn?de:t thesis that ever
WBM written. And if there is. one tiling
thjtt «i<1s in* cause of prettin^ss ' more
t!i;iii mieihcr It I? cr.e of these irresistible
tyawiiy chl.Ton afTairs or a ?aucy llttla
i<>w tii^jitJ with pold. . •'
¦•"• ¦ • . •• ¦ .7 ¦•."¦.¦•
.fTvP- RE you a th'.s century'* plrl?
/' '\ Of course you. -are. Then tf you
V hJtven't laid In a supply of fancy
neckwear already, do so now.
It is distinctively the fad cf th<» day.
Jfcls ms.fi of flufTy. Klittcrinc. whimsical
loritnre about th*-', throat. It is* if I'.m.
tnd future -historians- will be able to fell
Jt what year you ''flourished -l»y the siprn
»f the b^trimnrNj collar. Just as the
Sure ruff means the time of Rood Queen
Bets and the colonial hat Is a eurj- lad'.,
ration of G<*orpe: AVashinRton's day. our
leeoMiflants mipht fpim a glance at this
;.;¦.!-¦<- fix Its publication In VSOL .
STARTLING INCREASE IN THE
NUMBER OF VIOLENT DEATHS.
*vpor.4ency CUT! Ill-health 3H
Jnknown 22'-4 \ Domestic infelicity. Ill
t)s*niry X'.3;DiKa|ir>olnted line... li*
• •,.¦¦¦ 1CJ Business lot»«:s...... 64
In these cases ooisjn remains the most
Bmmoa agent: 2S78 kiiled themselves
rlth poison. 2S37 by shooting, 410 by hang
yj, 253 by drown'rp. It* by cutting their
"f. roats, 64 by jumping from roofs or wlij
ow8, 47 by throwing themselves In front
S railroad trains. 36 by stabbing. 23 by
DEATH by violence keps its place in
the mortality records of the United
States, and the. last year of the
• ¦¦'. nineteenth century shows an in
'¦.. Tease in murders, lynchings. suicides and
•pal executions not all accounted for In
. toe Increase of population.
The Inhabitants have increased nearly
'•. . f;e-f;fih fci ten year*. o]r 20 per cent.
-.-.In the ea.hae time, murders liave Jn
'"'. rcased by one-fourth, or 23 per cent, and
uicides -25 per e«-nt.
* . Of course",' there is a constant fluctuation
' . b crime which- hss nothing to do with
• «cpulation. Financial causes, panic. du;i
iess <if trade and epidemic 111 ht-alth are
31 caus*? of wLckcdnefts.
Last year C7I5 p< r?ons took their own
tve::;- ar.il the year before only 5C40 com
.' citted suicide. Comparison with other
>ear!« fcljowy that more women killed
hern.F«'lvef! than ei-er before. Defyre this
he proportion was live to oxife in favor! of
Den. '
Professional men lo*e their moral cour
-' *e l.r^t. Six clersj men. six lawyers, four
• DUmallrt*. seven bankers, two actors,
;' me itrtitt and three college professors lost
: ] heir: F^lfW-ontroJ so far as to kill them
"' elvos to escape trouble.
. Despondency is always the chief cause
tf Kuiride. both among the poor and ig
torant and the better educated. Lack. of
cunige and faith in themselves and fear
€ the future. .
Tho other reasons are as follows:
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Poses by PoUy Stockwell, :
Alcazar Theater. ; -. ; ¦'.; :•
Neckwear . from. Newjnaii \ &
\ . :• : ;.' ;PhoW by aUttig^V; %
3
LATEST FRILLS AND FOIBLES
IN NECKWEAR.Uattle Incident near St. Roque, showing substantial manner in which. Filipinos -construct, fortifications.' The photograph, is one- of Mr. Botter'o most striking: proclrictlonJL
port of the Commissioner of Education
for the United States Bureau of Education
set forth Che "need of a more adequate
professional training for young persons
preparing for business life." The pres
ent work will assist greatiy In supplying
that need. • -. ¦ ° .
The object of the book is to present the
elementary principles of 'law relating to
the more common business transactions
In a style clear and free from teehificality.
The author handles his sub.ject= in- a -way
that can b*> "readily understood "by persons
unused .to' legal phraseology. The work Is
a representative pr?sentati9n of .the sub
ject, of rdm"merciai law as given by the
members- of the faculty.of the University
of Pennpylvanra^one of the 'first- .institu
tions in the "country -to- offer a thoroush
training in commercial branches. An ablje
Intro'ductlon'to i"he subject hsa been v/rlt
ten by Roland P. Palkner.jPh. D.. flsso
ciate -pro'feFKor of .Et;tt!stjcs in the X.tnl
versity nf ' Pennsylvania," The book is pro
¦v.lded. wlih a'popious»1ndex and rrlossary
of- definitions of technical .legal terms,- and
<Cornp>iEe.s s6fn? RC7j'pa"^f>s. "(Published by
Silver, Burqett &'Co.; New York. Price
n so.) ': ;¦•.¦':• ;. ; ; v- ;;'.-.
... . .":.' " '• ;Easy {Stepa in: Xatin.- ' ;. , :
¦ "Easy 6teps in Latin"- ls*a hanf5y; Mttle
tcxtho.ok by Mary Harrier Of the.-Taun
ton "(Mass.), High Scliool, The methods
employed are those which" Have been..test
ed in- the 'author's • cjnss'es, 'and. corhbln*
brevity.. nnd simplicity- with a natural and
common, aenso system of instruction. " The
lessons are" so, condensed" that thoy : may
be readfly lehrjned "by. th!e average. -puptl
in an hour. o'.The.nbrnber. of sentences i?
'reduced, to' ..'give time. .for .more practice
-In. rcpotiUon,- while .irmny novel and ."help
ful fwitures "are "iatfodweed to Interest. tho
icanicr and.- hold ! his : attention; ; Tho vo
cabularjes givefamilliarterms rather than
; *nerely, ) military word.sr mpist of. the,: les
sons.-include drill, on Eiifilish derivatives
or'synonynis; classes of "derivatives have
been Introduced' earlier than*usua>".io call
attention to final syll'a.bles.' ancl quotations
from English poetry. serve v fasten*inci- ; t«t
dents 'or characters discussed in . the . pu.
pil's 'memory. CPublished by .the Ameri
can "Book Cc-rn'pany, New. York. Price 73
cejntsO'J • . . --.- ¦:•. ¦" . '¦. '.'
1; Griselda:; '
"Griselda, V by • Basil- 1 King, is- a; st.bry
'that 'will . make ,an interestin"' two -hours'
•reading for those fond of light literature.
The author' presents ; a -rather '.ingenious
r>l«t, -carried out fc-r the greater part in
the. dialogue, of his actors: . .- Ho shows
skill in handling complications Is
painstaking in-" detail, .Griselda Grant* la
the- "heroine 'of the story and the-only
. . • ¦ ¦ •
book is Its description of the character of
the Roman people at different periods of
their .history,' in which the. treatment of
their wars and conquests "has not dimin
ished the. space allotted to the progress
of their civilization, as shown in their
manners and mqrala, in their literature,
art, religion and lav/.' Ttee maps -show the
location of every- place mentioned in th&
text., arid .Include -plans of tho.rnore, i'm
. porta-nt.'.b'attl'es. Tji.tf;ilUis^'ntUoM include
the more noted specimen? o.f Reman. arch-
ItectUTQ and a Vo'lloctlon "of po.rtralts.ol!
dis:(lngT)ishrd men find U^e Kmpprors.;re
prrvducert from nuthontic* -busts- '.iind stat
ute. -The »ty-t«? ir. which the matter is pre-i
sented ia clear.' siniple and' nttractfve': ; tli?
arrangement is logical and systematic.
(P-ublifihed- tiy .the* Ameriran Booli -Cont
¦ pany, N_ew -Ybrk. -Price tl'-i.' '.-..• •
, . •'. •-. Elements in Physics; -.; '
•TTiere' hns b<*eti . rf.r*>rttly publ.?s.l3od »i .
' boak on "JElemp.htF oM % hy.sics, r . > .by Henry •
A\ Rowland. Ph.; D.. JJi". -p., .'professor of.
..phySicn srnd d-irector of the. physiJoal .lab
ors t-ory In" Johns Uonk'ir.s ¦"U':i!yerf5rty,--ana .
Joseph 3. Ames/ -Ph. P., .. • professor ;of
.' pliysios ' and *ub-/i!rector,\of . the" physical
laboratory. ••in*.' tlie .same" nhiveraity. In
¦ t-hlsj- book, the "text' Is considered '-of •\h»
¦; first Jimport.ance, while' the laboratory, in
{•structlon is .relegated to .a *econ(lary .'po-'
; sltion,. inasmuch- -as ¦ tho 'experlrrienta^can
• bcmademnly after the. general 'ririnclplos
• and .fundamental laws haye nee;p learnoil.-,,
•With' thi,? in mind the.authOTs have dhid-.
ed'thc bpoK intci tv/o parts,- the .first con
taining a; reliable- text, with attractive
„• explanatory illustrations; thcr second b'i?- ;
Ing devoted to 'lecture il'emort3tr.atlo'nk'b.y
• 'Jhe ''lns'tructor/.la'bornto-r'y,'- experiments,
¦ and.a sufflcien): number oC exceHerit pr^ob- •
•lemsr. tn-this -wny. the two /are' Kept -on
,. tlrely , "distinct" nr.d the TioQk- made raoro
[ valuable : f6r reference and review.';. (Pub- ;
- lished; by ,the' /Cmcricnn Book" Company,
>"cvr York." Price ;«'.) = ,.' ' -... .- • .
'-i ¦:'.'. ¦•;' .' ' . •' .Tocs-in-XAw.-' : '_¦¦_ '.; • . •
Trie lovers of ' Rhoda . Brousbtbri's-.liKTit,
bree-?jr. style will Tie f Klad to learrt that
;. there is another volume from- her .prolific
;.-pen'rearty for distribution.* * Her 'late.U
y Jt>t ok. lacks somewhafin tbe firamat(cVj<r- ¦
". ;rtient 'sd charsict'crrstlc-. of : her : work-. She
calls; her ' romance "."Foes-inTLaw.-". As
' the title suggests; It. is a novel epnce'rnins
"'¦¦ the. jiroubles- ctf: relative" connected -t>y
• law. -The'! heroine of :tne. story : is Lattice
I Trent, .who putB "aside an pffe.r- of mar;
• rlage f ram ¦ th-e 'village minister' in 01'der :
¦ that- she mayi keep hbuW. for her barlhe
.Jor .brother, v: The brother proves" an-^-iif
• grate as: far as devotion to hlg sister iandi
•appVo.ciatinn'of her sacrifice is "concefned/i
, .for- after .a short absence -he returns to
• ¦¦ ¦:: -• -•'..¦ :-¦',¦,'.; j ¦¦¦ .: ¦: •
Pirl?\$;Fr.zrfl a PtTtpTrio .Sc^astVfO^.
His poem Is lengthy— some two hundred
and thirty-seven stanzas-7-but the thought
transition 1« admirably- done. V The . au
thor's melodious couplets fix the, truths
:more firmly In tho reader's mind than it
expressed in iproso and his-philospphy,haa
much In purity of sentiment- to recom
mend Itself to the thinker. • In this age
of atheism Mr. Wynne has undertaken a
V . ";•¦¦ . — — ¦:. - . -_»
"Ad- Astra!," by Charles; Whltwortli
Wynne, Is a; sermon in : verse. •¦ It Is; a
lwm -of- loyd — love for God— love of^ma-n
tor woman'and love of rhian fot man., ir^r.
Wynne takes for his; text Ma.ttheiw
xxih37-40, '"rtiou shalt ldve the Lord thy
God with, all; thy heart.! and with all thy
«=oulv ahdwitn all thy mind. ;.TWS is the
first and ; great commandment. ' And the
second is like unto.- It, .-"Thou Bhalt. love
thy neighbor; as thyself.* On these two
commandments hang all the law and the
prophets." He dedicates his work "To an
Unknown Goddess."' ¦ .
Mr. OHvares was Just the man to. b«j
employed In such a work.. He 'is a Rentle
man of, broad intelligence, erudite scholar
s.ip,' learned in Spanish literature, his
tory and language, of great traveled ex
perience . and observation in the islands,
ami well pested on statistical : fact*
Every historic event ar.rl r<lace have been
photographed, thus .IluminiitinR,, the text
and lmpressinfr .it on tho reader'.? mtncl
.with double force. There is nothing supe
rior to an actual photograph in a work
of this character, for It leaves no room for
the inaccuracies. of chance or. the uhcer :
tain 'fancies of the artist's lrm.grjnai-ion
The camera en rmot be " otherwise than
candid. and truthful. It paints the scen
ery—the mo'uhtair*' the hills, the 'valleys.
the placid brooks and plunging waterfall.-*
—the people, Jieir homes and domestic
surroundings. :helr daily Ufa and occupa
tions.' their peculiarities . of :appearar£ce
and costume, and all those varying ah<i
novel features that, compose tho sum cf
human Interest as It •exisjt? ; at.thc present
time. It Is real lite- .transferred to .tlve'
printed page.. .•: ; ... V;. '1 .
The volumes are so. arranged that;. the
reader -Is tRken : . thrdughVa'.'syBlematlc
tour <sf every part- of thor: new i>ossesslptis.
He not only; learns :t«-kTiow 4he po'unt^y
geographically ana topographk-ally; -.but
he becomes | Intimately 'acquainted . wijlh
the/ life and custqrns- of the natives.
Through Ihq camera;, he is • given • peei?3
into' their homes and da'ny occupations. jA
few: hours spent la looking over the pic
tures alone of this 'work: wlllJgiV.e a bet
ter idea aridliruer conception pf the pep'-f
pie and places '.presented, than months " ot
travel could ¦ do-^fo^. ; they _ • represent
months . .and I months of . : hard .-. labor . by
trained experts,- (Published: by N.^t),
Thompson Publishing Company, St. 'Louis,
New york, Chicago, Atlanta.) . ".- ; I"
'' ic - i ;".". i Ad Astra, -^v.' ',!"¦;¦ ' .['.
Tho text covers all of our latest ac
quisitions; — territory large enough for an
empire— Cuba. Porto Rico and the Isle rf
Pines; the Hawaiian group and the Phil
ippine Islands. The topoexapny. geogra
phy, agricultural, mineral and other rr
sources are fully discussed. The ' Im
provements and social life in the cities
towns, villages and homes are taken up
in detail and every phase of life, dress,
occupation and appearance Is set forth in
full. • .
¦ There are also given a great number of
the latest maps In color a? well as colored
photogravures of noteworthy scene?.
The half-tone reproductions certainly
deserve special mention. Tbe photograph*
are for the greater part protected by In
dividual copyright ar.d therefore are ex
clusive. They were taken by Walter B.
Townsr-nd and numb?r over twelve hun
and will give -an idea of the clearness of
the photographs as well as the interest
ing subjects which have been caught by
the camera.
4- >
+ Illustration from "Oar Isl- -f
•?¦ ands and Their People." "f
4- >
"?" (Copyright. 1S09, by N. D. Thomp-
"?" son Publishing Company.) {
4- •'.'¦?•
tcr cannot come whoilv from the pen ol
or.e man. In the present instance there is
an able Introduction by Major General
Joseph Wheeler. U. S. A.; but the bulk
of the matter Is by Jose de OHvares. the
noted author and war correspondent. H'.j
brilliant descriptions and interesting nar*
ratives form one of the leading featurei
and charm of the work. William S. Bry
an, thp author of several valuable books
on history, has done some excellent work
In carefully arranging and editing the
matter.
The book, -of course, was only Intended
for use in. that campaign, but Captain
Brown carefully preserved it and carried
It with him .In subsequent bat
tles. The captain <Jlcd in 186S and .the
book went to. his two. sons, 'William and
Benjamin W. Brown of Grove Park,.IiL,
. _ . — -— - - -. •
¦ In *peaklng- of . the matter which Mr.
JL.ir.<?©:n btlf cir-d us best calculated to ex
prtr» iils views, Mr. .-Davis says:
"Jir. Lincoln went, over his published
vj$eec3Ks ifor : .several ' previous years, ln
eJuJlnjJi-thoseJn'hie debate -with l>oupla«.
Just : thcij concludpd,\and clipped out
whatever he haC Bald on the subject of
¦*n«rro equality.' These extracts he pasted
into- la. piriBU. pocket memorandum ¦ book.
making explanatory notes wherever nee»l
rd. He f;;:pplem*(nted this printed matter
wijh a letter addressed to Captain Hrown
f!l!>nK eiAht pases of the little book. .ThJs
letter, containing the essence . of ail. fie
had ipre\iou«ly said, was the most recent
and .aathoritatlve statement of his views
; "R'hJch he could possibly have made, and
It was precisely the thing which his friend
and supporter bad felt the need. -of
throu;?rhout h!s canvass."! - ; . • ¦: ' .;
¦ CaptaJn iUrown carried the book In.'- his
pocket untfl the close, of the campalgp,
lebout.i'wo wocks later. Whenever the dis
cussion -cf "ne^ro equality" came up be
m-ould show, the doubters Lincoln's own
words on the ; 8Ub3ect. .Still, with the short
tirce left, the argument was not sufficient
to f.tL\« the candidate frcm defeat: preju
dice was too strong:. • : . ¦ !
nfo.vtj arcuwl with the doubters as best
he cfculd.'Vut .he felf the: need of a dis
claSmVr from Llnr-oJn himself— something
In thfi Rep^jfelJcan leader's own words that
woplcl 'shim his exact position en the
rlavcry question, finally, late In the cam
paign. -he- cs&eU Lincoln for a written ex
planation plainly stcting his views. The
result wai« tiie. compiling of the present
lltt/'- brick, which tias now been repro
duce^ by.| the publishers precisely as it
carrie frorn h\i pen and hand. ' . .
Pnrnjlar v .f«cllrs ran hish as the cam
ps^.tm procr«ssr-d, and Captain Brown
W-is: : «v«ryvr;>ere cenfrontad with the
charge that Lincoln stood for tho equality
of Jh* negrK
'"Tcu must ran." he sa',d to "'-own.
"\\> cannot, must not nominate an East
ern tasnz h* would b«? beaten. We must
have the votes of the old line WhlgR. You
have. been a Whl*?; you are a Kentucklan;
you have, been a iplave holder. You will
pet the eurpbrt of the large conservative
elerr.t-nt— tne;o!<J ifne Whigs' and tbe men
ot Southern: birth and rynjpathies who,
vhiie willing Jolct slavery remain where
H is. are. with us against its' further ex
tension. t*ut wiio'.wK^uid be afraid : to trust
tn E>rtcx5i riiph." -¦ . •
Captain Brov/n;who. like Lincoln, was
a native of Kentucky, cane over to the
Kepublican forces. He was a man of
blameiess reputation, had Iipcd n life-long:
Whig ar.d. line, many of his party asso
ciates, had kept out of the Republican
party in 1S53. voting for Fillmore. He Wai
a f::ic-iul of Lincoln, and upon his
requfEt lirmily accepted the nomination of
otirulldst » for th« LeeiMature.
In San^amon County the feeling was
very inteJis c ajrainst the ne^ro. for many
of the poople before cominp to Illinois had
been accustomed to slavery- Mr. Lincoln
raw c'farly that thfse points would react
severely jirairs? him in the coming cam
paign pnd would prove a. serious obstacle
to th* success of (lie new partv.
Lincoln's position was constantly mls
ftated by his opponents. ¦ He did not at
that tine i^rr.and the liberation of the
flaves then in bondaire.. nor did he ad
vocate negro, citizenship, although the
IVmocratic orators, and newspapers in-
Flstently cr;arpe<5 him with standing for
the equality- cf the races both politically
and sncia!!y.
The book was callpfl forth by the cam
paign of 1O. when the opposing candi
dates for I'nited Plates Senator from Illi
nois were Abraham :IJneoln and Stephen
A. Douglas.. The issue was slavery —
whether it should be restricted to the
States where It. already existed, as Lin
coln held. <?r whether it should be per
mitted In new territories, as Douglas con
tended. -
This little book Is of especial Interest
because it !s the enly one ever written or
crmplied by Abraham Lincoln. The only
extraneous matter in the. memorandum Is
an explanatory rote by J. McCan Davis,
In xvhirh he teKs us the reason for the lit
tle volume's existence.
This memorandum was made up In part
of newspaper clippinps of- Lincoln's
er^eches nt that time. Each one of these
hes an explanation in h!s own hand, and
the tas; one Is followed by a letter to
Hon. J. N. Brown explaining the author's
views on the subject discussed.
*n? VERT un'.que publication has Just
/£3 been Issued by McClure. Phillips
Jf~~ &. Co. of .New York! It Is a fac
simile reprint of a memorandun
•crspbooH ccrnpilrd by Abraham Lincoln
for the u?e of his old friend. Captain
Brcwn. -in the campaign of 1S38. The pub
lisher? have' shown great care and skill
In making? this an exact ropy of the orig
inal '.n size, form and color— even the out
6i(Je has been carefully gone over by hand
to give it Just the proper appearance of
cpe.
For the cohf-ntj' of the book, the pages
of the orlg-tr.al have been photographed
aid by this process the present volume
r-eoorce* no close an imitation of the or
iginal that 5t Is doubtful If one could be
told from the other.
Business Law.
Thomas Raeburn White* B. J*. I.L.. B.,
'of the Philadelphia bar and lecturer on
law in the University of Pennsylvania, is
x the author of quito a vaulabje book on
"Business Law." Seme time ago the re-
by whom It Is still owned.
The. great .value of the present reprint
lies In the fact that it 1« an exact copy
of the only book of which Abraham Lin
coln is the author, or, to be more exact,
the. compiler. There is undoubtedly a fas
cination in turnlns over the pages of this
musty little relic and following the
thought and studying the peculiar scrawl
ing hand of one of our nation's greatest
men. • B. G. LATHROP.
Our Islands and Their- People.
"Our Islands and Their People" Is prob
ably the most complete work of the kind
published. It is being put on the market
by subscription in twenty-fcur parts of
thirty-two quarto papes each. -These
twenty-four parts bound together make
two large volumes — reference books with
out which no library is complete. The ob
ject of these papers is not to treat of thd
!ate war with Spain — tliat is merely taken
up incidentally In so £ar as It Is a'mat
ter of history. The work covers far moro
ground than that. It presents as com
plete a view of the late Spanish islands
as the tourist or pleasure-seeker could
obtain by visiting them in person.
Necessarily volume* of such a charac-
labor which should have Itseffect Here
are two stanzas which will Rive an ade
quate' Idea of the metrical form and al^p
a glimpse Into the character of the work:
\
This. Is an Ag« of, lethargy and vloel -
With ctlmulants 'are all our senses fed—
The patient eoul Is mads a sacrifice,
To pay for pleasures of the heart and head,
While soft narcotics numb with nervoui
dread—
No wonder that Its splrit-stfrht Is dlmm'd.
An& God the further off. Love's lamp half
trlmra'd! ' .
To lust Is not to love — Love scorneth lust! —
How can^t thou say "I love!" and Love deflleT
For Ixive is i-everent, tender of its trust, '
And could not stoop to any thought of guile,
, Ix>ve knows no wantonness, no Devil's wile!—
True love Is a perpetual sacrifice.
Whose smoke in heaven-ascending thoughts
doth rite.
This -poem was first printed in April,
1900, reprinted in September. 1&00, and then
again in October, 1S00. In its present
form 'it is a model of the publisher's best
art— dear and elegant type, cream colored
paper, ample margin and but two stanzas
to the page. (Published by John Lane,
New Yoric. Price Jl 25.) f
Ir. /'Outlines of Roman History," by
William C. Morey. lih. D.. professor of
history and political science. University 'of
Rochester, the rise, progress and decay
of the Roman empire are so treated as to
emphasize tho unity and continuity of the
narrative. The work is adapted to the
needs of secondary school courses. 'Spe
cially; helpful to the student is the. series
of progressive maps, which show in detail
the steps In the expansion of the Roman
dominions. A noteworthy feature of the
"Elizabeth and Her Gorman Garden,"
not \ having been copyrighted in thia
country, tho field is .clear' to all American
publishers who think it worth their
while to publish the same. Laird & Lee
of Chicago has ju?t Issued a neat edition
of this popular story. They credit the
Princess Henry of Pless with the au
thorship and publish her portrait in this
connection. This Is misleading, for ac
cording to the latest reports the Princess
had nothing to do with the book what
ever. .The cloth edition is on the -market
for 76 cents and paper 25 cents. If you
have not read the story by this time you
should -get. a copy at once. ;
Outlines of Reman History.
daughter of one of the Scottish nobility,
who married far beneath him and then
•fled to the wilds of Colorado, where he
endeavors to wrest back his . • fortune
from the world. Griselda tinally goes back
to London in the hope of establishing her
claim to the estate of Lomond, , which
would have been her father's heritage had
he lived. She Is now beautiful and
wealthy. As fate will have it she falls
In* love with the young Lord Lomond,
incumbent of the Lomond narae and
chattels. His mother ,1s fiercely op
posed to Griselda, whom she considers as
an adventuress. Grlselda'a guardian Is
also against the match for reasons of his
own, and then there is aJso a chaperon
who- plays no small part In the develop
ment of, complications. It is such a gen
eral mlx-rjp* as this that taxes the au
thors ingenulty-and sustains the reader's
curiosity. Sir. King ia a conscientious
writer and -a pood literary workman. At
times the dialogue Is tiresome— there be
ing rather too much of It— but on the
whole the book makes pleasant enough
reading. (Published by Herbert S. Stone
& Co., Chicago. Price $1 25.)
Elizabeth, and Her German Garden.
Eycclnctly stated. tn« main object of the
present volume is this: To show how a general
desire for some such form of dram&tlco-lyrlo
art as the opera was yianlfestcd in Franc* and
Italy considerably before any possibility existed
of Kb coming Into actual being; bow thii poesl-
The Opera,- Past and Present.
"The Opora. Pnst.nnd Present— An If!*
torical Sketch'* is ;the title of a book by
William Foster Apthorp, the author of
"Musicians and Mustc-Lovcrs," etc. As
this history : is supposed to cover over
three centurles-in four countries the treat
ment of the subject is necessarily limited
to a compendious sketch. The author
gives a clear and connected account of
the first establishment and gradual evo
lution of this form of art from Its very
beginning down-to, thepresent time. He
considers the different schools, composers
and works with th-j idea of bringing out
what part they have played In -the- general
development of opera as It Is to-day. •
In his preface he outlines the aim of his
work: •} '* • ' '
A Quaker Scout,
"The Ouaker Scout," by N, t',' tbtnvfifi,
Is a brisk tnle of tli« «!lvll \Vnt>, wMh n
dash of love in It nn<l plmity nf VtJi v#^n( im""-
Mr. Runynn in n rHUVHiuijicf wrff^f »n't
paragTapher. Ile'wrltr'a In rntfinf « iffl*
satlonal vfln nnii nomn.nf Mm »liM»llnr>4
are Improhnblfi but «"Xfltlriff ••finili'tt »'•
carry the attention of the r«»»t»1«r tn
not a stickler on niituilut* nl«>t«!litlltv, • 4 !¦*
hero Is a remarknble per«On'-^rhOift«Klnfl
in dispraco nnrt under- thf' rhnr«r» of thi
Sheriff. He mnlrp*" his <\«<onp»< by n U.«f»
from a moving trnln to t ri*» rly<»r; m v,' 1 rti^
out with his handcuff* on: flnrt* a -flln 'ntnl
severs his bonds, ond thon «nlUt» In tho
army. ' He gets thr. rt "Kh nil h[* trowbl«»»
successfully in th<» end rind marrl** the
pirl he loves. The hno» would tnnk* roo'1
readiiiR- for the traveler wlm wl»li(»n tn
pass the time away on something IlKht 1 .
(Published by the Abbey Press, New
York. Price $1 23.) .. .-
announce the Kind tidings of bin own cmn
lnpr nuptials'. He offers his sinter n home
with himself and-the prospective slBter-tn
law, but, after a short experience .In the
new household Lettlee. reaps the unfruit
ful reward of her. sacrifice. Tha n«w itl»
ter-In-law Js not a* winning vhnrffinr; In
fact, her vulgarity la fur from plnfwant
reading matter. : (PublliihM l»y til? Mac*
mlllan Company, New York, Vf\cei ft M )
**TV>d by Mighty Waves" is. the title of
a thrilling romance of illrf ated Galveston.
written -by Miss Biie Qreenleaf .and pub
lished by Laird k, Lee of Chicago. . Tha
Btory Is full of action, dramatic, love
makins. heroic rescues, hair-breadth es
capes and harrowing descriptions. Tha
"Wed by Mighty Waves.
The volume numbers some 160 paces and
seems very complete In Its treatment of
this Interesting period In our State's hls
toryy. (Published "by the Whitaker and
Ray Company. San Francisco. Price 41.)
He has dMlcated his volume to the So
ciety of California Pioneers, one of whose
objects is "to collect and. preserve In
formation connected with the early settle
ment and subsequent hjstory of tho coun
try." ' - . ' .: ' , * : : ' ¦ .
. MnhtTfy was at that time th.# capital
of the territory and the headquarter* for
th« Unltrd HiAtM nrtnv, and : Mr. AVllley
took pvrry opportunity tsnder the favor
nblo clfciim«tanc«»i offered by his position
aod abode of «atherlne Information and
prejicrvlnK hliitorlcjal papers and such doc
uments as f«ll Into h!i hands.
Harnu*-! It. Wllky. 1>. Tj.. in the aathor
fir ¦» mi.noKranh on "Callfc-rnlVs Tran
ulllnn IV""lo«J, IHli-l^uO." The book lit really
qtilt,<* n .v»!tH'.b!V» c.ontrlbutlcn to the hfa
friry. nt tJilM.Hfate, for the author, io ad
dition to a -.I.-ii-ki nmoiint of readlnc on
t>i« Mtthjer-t,. wan himself a pioneer and
iivr«i in Monterey in ixo.
ommendatlon that they should have a srood
tim« ami -take their chancet^-predumedfy
of matrimony. They decide to go to Lon
don for the season: how • they, managed
their affairs must be read, of course*, their
little bubble bursts, and thoujrh one mar
ries, It Is -disastrously,, for- three months
later ehe has 'euch acquaintance with pov
erty that she has lenrnetl what It Is not. to
hnvu enough to -eat- • Then the other
ihrr« rerurn to Oljham ab«l. a severe
M.rUtfffh«' *rf)i>iied between PhiJippa and
hniiHtutlil matters, Arieln b^ing invalided
«nij t'tapy to«> '¦ wrathful ;' to be useful.
'IhlriBX t'nmh r1«ht In th«» end, for.Phlllppa
inn r Ann fi man With £15,000 a year, which
iur/i/,a Mp'ail round,. It Is a brightly
wrjrten, i>retfy titfle atory. which will be
(.-i'ihIij Ut fln«l favor with, the rexulers.
(fUblMftid by P. M. Huckles & Co,. New
York. I'rlCft }1 25.) .
California's . Transition Period,
1840-50. .
The leading article In ifeClure's Vara
xlne for March will be a character study
of Edward the Seventh, written by
George W. Smalley, the American cor
respondent of tha London Times, and Il
lustrated by a remarkable collection of
photographs.: Life portraits of Queea
Historical students, owners of libraries,
and all Interested In American history
will find a mine of Interesting Information
In the "History of America Before Colura
bos." by P. de Roo, recently Jssued from,
the Ltpplncott press^ Mr. de Roo enter*
a field practically unexplored: the pub
lished results of his labors show that he
Is by no means a tyro, either In historical
research or In the narration of the facta
he has learned. In addition to peculiar fit
ness for the task, he has possessed the ad.
vantage of leisure and of access to manu
script* and other rare original sources la
the leading libraries of Europe and Amer
ica, especially In the Vatican. Those al
ready familiar with, tha standard Ameri
can histories by the Bancrofts, Prescott
and others will prize this because It sup
plements or rather antedates them In th*
nature of Its subject matter, and Is not
Inferior to them In Its Intrinsic Interests.
The March Century wll contain an ao
count of the fllsrht of the Emore?* Dow
ager from Pekinar. The author. Miss L»i.
ella Miner, a missionary of tha American
Board, obtained th« gtory from a Chinese
gentleman, to whom the facts w»r«* toU
by a friend -who accompanied the Empre*i»
Powager when she fled from Peking. It
was gewrally supposed that the royal
family had left Peking several days or
even weeks, before the foreign troops en
tered".* but It Is known now that they did
not flee until after the legations were re
lieved. . :
Blrd-Ldre (The Macmlllan Company)
for February publishes a list of over
fifty prominent oralthologrlsts residing
throuRhout the United States and Canada
who have consented *.o respond to stu
dents' rcaue3ts for laformatlon or ai
vlce;and also an address on Audubon by
Klllott Coues. letters from Audubon in
Edinburgh to his rons In this country,
outline lessons for the month's study anj
reading:, and other matters of Interest to
bird lovers. ¦ ¦ :. : ¦ .
on- Stev«nson. . Two portraits, one never
before published, add to Its attractiveness.
- -• '--¦' - - '
THE SUNDAY Cx\L.L
blllty was at last realized by the devising of a
etyle of artistic .morodlc composition by the
Florentine- music reform, and Jiow the opera.
Itself was among the .finst. practical results nt
that reforin. That the theoretical rrlhclples In
nccordance with' which the opera Vas. flr?t e'a
tnhllsheJ In Florence, In- 15S5. were : essentially
Identical r;lth thos» rromuly^te^ In the nine
teenth century by Richard . Wagner.. "That the.
opera wns first dlvertpd fromjitsorlerinal artis
tic purpoas. through ..the. lnflaence-pf Carisslml.
and. from betngr an" es5sehtia41y . drinr.attc' a'nr!
rnfnlc forri of: aft. became., a- purefy • musical
enfi. And .finally, how this. Ovrissiml Influence
cvintlnuod to-tnake. ltyelf felt.^even throu»h'an<l
ln'ffplte of.'fhe Cluck reficti'on n?»!n'st -it; .nijtil
"\Vapner»at. last save l.t it.B deathblow. • •
: Mr/Apthorn divide. his clj?iptcr3; as foi-r',
.lows: Bpj;tivn,!PK5, The. EurotJ^an Coti
ri.iifst. GJuok'.: Mo7.*rt,.'-The'\ Italians. • The
F-renci> School, =Tlie f.Gexmans^ . AVaRnet,"
ri'he Dcvflloprncht'.of Uie Ait of- the Opera
Plnpor. The Prrpfint.. in tli'e- appendix h«
.pWcs Perl's' prefaces -t6| "Ei'irldic'e" ah'd
GlurU's preface'to -"Alceste 1 ." ¦: -• " ¦:' '.'.
'In. his 'chapter on thn art cf ;the opera
slider • Iht- author nrtserlts mahy points
that'will be "of Inffcr^t to-tlie..3^iger. -tie.
pums iip the/.tlcrmati school ;by -?ayiti^
th3t--"they;have, iorthelrnost'.part:- but'
•added stranger rth4-.*trohi;er- emphasis' tii"
tjltelr/lribbrn* ajid rrsrefufly-' nurturert •c.?n
t'empt for vocnl tcch-nlr;uc ln,:rfll*(is.T>lwisp?:'
j-I.crc ls ; a Epectnole far 'thft; v, ; orld to garir.
atr. .Thrs spVctaclc' of: a race. .ot '.born, an.cl
hrccl m'usfctiiRS, mtoilc-ctufillyv -eitiotianany
anrl; p6>t.'rall.v' plf te.l,';9n'_ the -alyfrajre. fiir
he yoncl' th-olr. cbHcagtu-s In other ;-coun't ric§ : ,
•^llfefl -with the •¦"pfofobmiest.! love an* re
. Fj3o.ct for th'slr art. yet j fpndly' "cxpetrtir.s
•todo the irre.a.tes't t5:inps-'ln drajitatle.si:!£r
ln s : v.'it.hntit eyfnthe"rudlmerits.;o.f n, s-pc-
C.'ikl 'tcchjilq,*JC~that ifl^ateoluf^ly"; wUhost
th'ej power of .rlolnfT.!- .No. doub^ there h:i-\:«
been and still are "jTf-e"a;t .CJerinh-n' sijigera;
'^sptclal!y v/omen:tui", when realli; gfea'.,
they have sung- in- the' Italian.- not In tlve
¦•Qer-man-.v.-ay.'.' It can 'be seefi b,'y/ this
that Mr. -Apthorp doc? not- hesitate jlo'-ex
press the" force of ufa "-ccriyicfioha;.' Whi^g.
there will (Joubtlcss 'be ;rnririj: who. do not
• afrr.ee. with -.him In I feis", vjcwa istiU-'they.
rtnu'st '.admit that : he writes .x:oftdcfe'ntkiusjy
ilndunderstandinsly. '¦¦•>'..• • ':'- -.
The b.ook. is illustrated- with . portraits of
LVHy. iGlucU.- "ilozart. Rbsslnii
: Verdi. Meyerbeer - : nnd ."Webpr. (Publlshetl
by CharUs ScriDner"s Sons; New Tork;
Prki; ?125.> . - ..;':.-' ; .;'.',' - ; . ¦•'
- -t.-.The Conquest •ofviiondon!. : . ':¦ ;¦
; In "The- Conquest of I J o : ndon : ,**>'by. Dor#
t'hea Gerard,, f our orphanefi gif Is, between'
13 .and .-20, are llvlris: ;upon- the modest iii-*;
come of i£13> '.a year tn 'a- little. cottake Sit
Gilkam, milss" away ;fri)m ' everywhere;-' "to
fhem a' gratuitously "malicIoHs unci^
leaves .'£1000 apiece, ' " with the - re'ti-
author affirms that the main facts and
personages are all taken from; life and
that she has simply grouped together. In
a graphic manner, a few of the terrible
Incidents of .the extraordinary disaster of
Saturday, September S. 1900, Tha .dedica
tion expresses '. eloquently .not only, the
•ardent wishes erf the writer but the"umLn
imotis hopes. of the American 'people; It is
worth reproducing; "To the 'neyr city of
.Gnlveston.' which, Isubstahiially -arid' suf.
porbly: rebuilt, and:. Lii nov further ;darik»r
from- wind and; way? , wllj : ;hav;e become,
in : ten years.;, the greatest' Aroerjcari'poirf
on H-he" Gulf. '.O;f : .>IexlcOi- it his. volume -Is rei
.spectrally- defiieatcd." ¦" The' ;.a : uthor . -gen
erously doWatts la.-.'ij'o'.rtioii i'6fv her-T-oy'alUes
"to. tho'Gal.vcs-ton siifTer'cr?;"; (tjoth.V.ini
laid. in. colors. 73 .cents'. ' ;¦:' Pa peri.- litiip?-.
grffphed cover tn c.JItirsi-Sieents;.'): y.y ,> ..
¦¦',. '¦': . ;The : Gici)3 Mutiny::' : .% : ¦/:¦.¦;
'An intere.stlnB wo'rJi; has ;3us|f'/b*«n. ph!S^
H?iifd'by theiAbbey^Proa;- ItJis- it reprint
of an> entertaining, account' of ! "tfie -QioUe
Mutitiy. 1 / which .UrRf aPFta»ci: in iSil | Iis
«inhors 'were' Wl!!'iatB i-^T ¦'¦«* SAybrotofc.
.CG'n,-i?ctTibnt;, •• 'and '. ;(Jrr;us .il. r ltuii#ey bf
N.Vn tuckjp t . ' the : j only, '. r tiryi vefs;' from. • th>
hjassacre. ot ! the ship's conipanyibiy: tfre-naiy
¦tly.f s.' m .The" ftarr«"tiye,.Vecite3 f tfe^,.sniiU*iy
o'n'.boarrt- tfeo "shfp^CtlQlj^-, 'oj; NaijiiicKet.
in| -the : Pacihc. : pc.ertn. -^ahlraVj^JiSJI.' asd
teHs of- a .rfeSidcncc.af two- years Von .iti-*
Mulgrave "Iifands, -witii ab;s.eVyafioris- ".tin
tjie. niannerS .anil customs .'af/ifie; inhabit*
ants... .Tire book is a crog3 between/ one -of
f:iark- RusseU's. sea->t;jt!es : and
Crusce.'*-; It", deals' With ' aireaf -'cStse : <JI
mutiny".:and' y.'l'll be'r^aVl -with' alisorbins
interest by ail lovers of sea storied '<Prio<:
_75- edits.) • ;' : .'••..-. ' '¦ . ••'•• .- '•;> ';"'-¦ '*" '¦•.'V
• .." Xitcrary" .Ne te»J •'¦"..¦ : £•'.•.'">.'
- Within a : fvv«elc McClu: e." Ph'ilijp? '& j Co.
,-jubilsh : "The">£?ncrcfopjGd!a.;;ef E*r
•'quiette,'" compiled by Enilly 'llolt,', liriflch .is
saia. to, coyer itheenti're^ubiect'fffVhfit-.t^
do.;. what .to- say. viihat- to^Tyrjie. .what to
¦Rear, • The volurn'e'i.s LMusfrjutpa .bAf'repro
ditctlo.n* Vof specially 'ppned photographs
¦and' 13 ;elal.rned'to'..be :-the. most'- cbm^l «it6
book of raan.ncrs. for vyery-day. use . ever
published.-;- "" "': ¦; : '¦: ¦':¦¦,:^i ¦¦;'.¦.'¦¦>•¦¦
-.In ."eonn»ctl6n '.with- itosrra. .' Cha:»;r.o & :
"Windus.-.Lpndbn,- .the A.' AVesselsJ.
pany. .will publish earljr ; in JMr.rch;"Bobcrt.
I^ouik : Stevenaoh :\ A IJfe.- Stiuly In GtUl
cism," by U'. E. Bailcioni at: present lec
turer on English literature In the Univer
sity of Vl^Ann, arid who n-qa'-an p'd
pohcolmateof Stevenson. . Tha author ia
said not only to indicate th© nature .'-ari'l
quality, "'but also the' -range' and : eit«rit of
Stevenson's achfeverncrt!«..';.Tho H^luma
Contains a '.complete bibllcgTSphy of Ste
venson's books, and of books and articles
Vlctoria wlllbt a featum Th« «er1«* t»
node up of reproductions from photo
graphs &n<i paintings, and it Is of notable
historical value. . They cover th« 112* of
the Queen; from infancy to old asa, and
are accompanied by descriptive text.
Theodore; Roosevelt. Vice Presidant-elect
of the. -United States/ will contrtbtxta an
article entitled,. "Reform Through Soda!
"Work." # >Disbandins the Union Army"
Is the title of an article by Ida M. TarbelL
This will fully, describe' the extraordinary
feat aceQitipUsiied by the Federal Govern
ment at the close of the civil war. when,
without 'any disaster;, a million soldier*
.were, returned to quiet pursuits. The ar
tic'l$'.'is. elaborately :. illustrated. ¦¦ ¦ ; '
:<A ; new. fashion mag-asta* of Interest ta
the- fair s«sc Is L«? Modes,; It Is a monthly
reyje>of : the arts applied: to woman and;
o:f|th;e: iaijaef eiie- and [elaborate make-up
asi.Le -Thfa'ter.'-' including colored plates
¦and »i coyer in .colors... -Each r^umber con
tains; A ' surnmary ;. pt ¦ f aahionabta events,
artfeiei; oi'the. paWers orwoinao, acces
sories ioVthV-tcyiet,!;^ furnishings
aiiti. decorations. tbgetn.er witji.a full re
view, of i$Q- fashions- arid; of . sports and
idytdoor ". fastlincs.. Its . illustrations are
airectreRfodufetlpjis .of art and other ob
ject* r^iatingr to co.stujne«. of drawings
andpatntipgsi j?re^entlnr ;"tovely woman"
to .-'our; a|mfrationi 'boti above al'.. ; he*
Mode* .'shows Jiving' 'fashions by wean:*
of direct "pfcfOtosi-aphs tH.v ln S tfae smjou
eites anflidetaila cf ,<ostu.me of .the moat
elegant Pariaienref,i3n'i,lefltder$ in society,
toyith«r4^%lj^'-tntsi^^rlkk« of their
hbiiies. Vawa . sb.6tsy.of their i>rom«
iiades an^tamu^cmeiita-: Single copies, 50
cents eacltj yearly subscription, JSv lr.elucl
irig : : deUb!& December tChrlstmas) num
ber. . (Published in .French by Messrs.
¦lla^i^Jolant'j&'Go^.NewTorfc.)- ;.;;.:.
Books Received.
; - '"Edison** ' Handy Cyclopedia and Uni
versal Atiav": Laird & I>«, Chicago.
Pi(Sxible:.^otb, '^ce^tsr. library stylo. 50
" "The 1 GloVe '.ArutipV.*? .i>y "\/TOiam Lur
and Cyrus M. Husscv. The Abbey Preas,
New Yerki^ft cents. ¦;¦;;;. '= -
"tV'cd: by: Mighty \Vave»." by Sue Green,
leaf, Laira & Lee. . Chicago. Cloth. T»
cents: paprsrv 23 cents. '' . :
rLove-^ Collection ef Short Stories."
McClure. Phillips & Co.; New York.
>'Abraldin Uncolnr-Hls Book." Mo.
ciuxp. FhtJUFs & "*?¦' New York.
"The Ldw. and Policy of Annexation."
by ¦ Carman F. RandclDh. Longmans,
Creen & Co.. :N>w Toik, Price $3. • »«
•?The April Baby's Book of Tunes." by.
the author of "Elisabeth and Her Ger
man Garden." The Maeaalllaa Company
New York. Price Jl 50. TTM*
Writers
of Book
4tree" and whose .adventures . are. related
in a certain college song.
By and by McGee was given away -to an
admiring neighbor and McOaw was stolen
'by an admiring thief, so I was' obliged to
devote, myself to the observation of Billy.
He. was certainly a most interesting crea
ture to watch. The first Intimation ' I had
that he inherited a love for' bathing was
one day when I had been making photo
graphs -and came In to find Billy . In a
tray . of • water on the dining-room . table,"
and dancing nil over ; a , batch of prints
which I had left "to soak.' He looked aw
¦ fully wet and bedraggled, but supremely
, happy, so : as ¦ the prints were ruined al
ready, I let him finish his bath in peace. ¦
After, that I always left a porcelain vea
>el full of water under the trees for him.
came strong enough and even before they
coqld -fly they' went Into tho barn ¦ and
hopped upstairs' themselves.
. " Th'eir incessant cawing in -the" daytime
brought scores of other crows to the gar
den. These would circle about above the
heads of the little ones, calling 1 loudly, as
though .trying, to coax them away.
In a week or7 two the youngsters got
the use of their wings and flew about
from the barn to the house.- never failingr
to advise us when they weTehungry. They
Boon gave up the use of the loft as a bed-'
room and roosted' In the trees Instead.
But np matter ¦where they were an Imi
tation of their, voices was always enough
to bring them sailing in to be fed. We
called them Billy, McGte and McQaw. af
ter the three crows which once "sat oa »
He never cared to batne two flays run
ning in the same water, but when- he saw
me coming with a fresh supply he would
sail right Into his bath and slide along on
Its slippery bottom. Though he consid
ered himself a member of the family be.
would never allow any rough familiarity
.from any one. "We mfght stroke or
scratch his head if we did it gently, par
ticularly If the caresses were accompa
nied by a soothing or apologetic tone of
voice, but If any one passed a hand light
ly down his back with an abrupt "Hullo,
Billy I" he would give a snarling "caa"
and seize the offending finger In a grip
which took ft piece out if -the hand was
removed too suddenly.
' The cats were no match for* him at all.
Even before he could fly - he had ".» su
preme contempt for them. One day when
he was little . more than a fledgling he
was preening his feathers under a tree,
when I saw- our biggest cat stalking him
through the grass. Like . a tigress she
drew . herself along until within a few
feet of the moving feathers, and then she
:5?T IS generally admitted that the devjl
0 ig cot mo black, aa he Is j painted, -and
E the crow, 'as the Frenchman puts it.
: Is not bo devil as he's black. If: he
he would certainly be very devilish,
for nothing. In the anirnnl kingdom is
blacker than the craw. As u matter pf
fact, however, he Is not half a- bad fel
low, and It Is rather surprising that, his
real character Is so little known and ap
preciated. He is one of the commonest
of birds, being found In nearly every State
In tbe Union and away north to .the fur
countries, and his large size and conspicu
ous color make it almost Impossible to
mistake him for anything else. In this
pert of the country at least, 1
Yet he has been misunderstood for cen
turies. Even: now very few people give
him credit for his many good qualities.
Superstitious folk have always endeav
ored to make his character, match his
plTiznage. and a list of wicked tntngs he
Is Bald to have done would fill a large
-volume. He has been called. an enemy of
the farmer, the plague of the gardener
and a bird of 111 omen. He has been ac
cused of stealing the corn, sucking the
eggs and eating the chickens and often
of alighting on the backs \ of sheep to
Bteal wool for his nest.
So firm has been the belief in his vjl
laicy that In many places a price has been
set upon bis bead, and one State of this
Union has a record of having paid a
bounty on forty thousand dead crows in
a single eeason. : '.?:-*;
There Is no denying that many, of .the
r lories told against him are true. I, for
•or.*, should not care for the task of estab-
UsM&g his reputation as a saint, but fair
play is a jewel, and when his blackness
gets It every farmer in the land will
know that he has many a .worse friend
than James Crow -Esq. .'" Then the irreea
landscape will not be' ai»2gTii«d by the
disreputable \ scarecrow, a«d • tho • dead
body of the handsome black bird will no
longer b« nailed on the end of the barn
as a warning to evildoers. •¦•
He is one of the wisest birds' we have
(It he were not he would be extinct),' and
tliJs Is probably due to the fact that he
isi very observant and: very Inquisitive.
He sees everything which goes on around
him, and finds out as much about it aa
ho can without exposing himself to dan
ger. Every ! unusual sound and every
strange sight is taken note' .of by the
crow and Investigated at a safe distance.
"We begin to find crow's nests In the
early part of April. I have seen some in
cedar trees less than twenty feet up, and
ethers In tail . pines -and chestnuts, per
haps seventy: feet above the ground. They
are bulky, iaffairs, made .chiefly of sticks
and lined with wHd grapevine bark.
grass, moss and other softish materials,
and sometimes mud and hair are used.
The. eggs. ' from three to six In number,
are about one and three-fourth Inches
long and usually bluish green,;- with
brown markings. They differ very. much
In color, however, some being so heavily
marked as to be almost solid brown",
while others are pale blue and sometimes
even white, : with few or no markings.
Both birds assist in the Incubation of the
eggs. The male Is very attentive, of ten
bringing food to bis mate- while she Is
sitting, and relieving her when she is
tired. ''*:'{:\'i ' '
The eggs are hatched In about a fort
night, and the young remain in the n&st
about" five weeks. Kven after leaving
home the family remains together for
s=ome time . =
Last spring I took from tbe nest three
young 1 crows. Just four weeks .old- '¦ Th«y
' were most unpromising .creatures,, with
big heads, clumsy feet and heavy bodies
covered with plnfeathers. They were. Ut
terly lacking- In the brightness and' alert
ness so noticeable' in young hawks of lew.
than. half their age, and looked about as
stupid as" any birds I' ever saw. The first
day It was considerable, trouble to feed
them; after that It .was 'considerable trou
ble, not to feed them. I dug them some
worms, and after trying In vain to coax
them to eat, I was oblUred to open their
mouths and push the food down. ' As thin .
Interesting occupatK.^ took up more time
than I cared to devote to It, I 'thought I'd
try an experiment. . I pet -upa noise, in
tended to imitate the cawing of a crow.
Bad as It was, It worked like a charm.
The three huddling black '¦ things seemed
to have . received a galvanic shock-'three
long^necks were stretched - upward and
three .red caverns yawned for food. After
that they were a nuisance, and cawed al
most . incessantly - from dawn until" dark.
It would have been Impossible to "forget"
to feed them. .. •
Whenever I out in an appearance they
hopped through the- longest grass and fol
lowed me all over the garden. Often when
I' was digging they narrowly escaped be
ing cut in two with the spade. ' ¦
Their' period of dullness and stupidity
.was -short. They grew rapidly, and be
came niore Intelligent avery day. At first
I used to. carry them up to the hayloft
every avening, but as soon aa they bc-
suddenly rushed upon . her 'prey as . shW..
had done upon a hundred other birds. beV
fore. But this time she. did. not reach her;,
mark. Something In th« appearance or...
the creature caused her to pull- up. ' ;• '¦ "• "
As she did so the youn? crow- turned "
rour.d and- gave a distrusted "caw." and'-,
the cat fled . toward the boussfe " as thouglx - : '
the devil w«i« after her. Afterward, when.
the bird was . almost full : ' grown and •
walked about the garden with, a stately :
stride, and with his Iridescent black piu> •¦
mags flashing In the sun. he'would'some-'
tfmea spy the cats feeding at their dlsht .
sear the back door. If he happened to b«
hungry he- Just marched over,. Jumped :
into the middle of the dish and scattered ¦ ¦<
the cats with a few vigorous caw», helped
himself and walked away again. ' •
On the top of the icebox, in the back '
porch, there was always a bowl of bread •
and. milk for Billy* ¦ special use. When ha
was little he was fed by hand, but when
he grew older he came In. lifted uj> tha
cover and took what he wanted.' Bat h«
could never be taught to cover the rest
up when he went away.
Re wanted to do almost ' anything he '
¦aw any one ..else do. If the Us creea
caterpillars were being removed from th*
tomatoes Billy would put his whole heart
Into the Job, and If any one was picking
peas Billy would come In and pick peaa»
too. But he always ate hla Instead of put
ting them into the basket.
Toward the end of the rummer be left
us. For some time ha had been gettlnr '
very Intimate with ft strange crow, and I
used to see them sitting on a wall In the
early morning, possibly planning an elope*
ment At any rate, he began to get mor*
and more irregular In his habits, until one
morning- be never appeared for breakfast
at all. He cams back the following da/
Just to say "Good-by," I suppose, acd thea "
flew away and. has never been hear* o£
¦luce.
r^r REMARKABLE siege ha? Jn»t enrt
/ | ed at Troyes, France, a town! of
r~~l 47.000: inhabitants. about eighty
I miles icutheast of Paris. The
siege of Troy had its Homer, and
perhaps some: poet of the Department 'of
Aube will ret rise to sin? the siege -of
Troyes. In some ways it was as remark
able, for during five days or.e old man
and his faithful dog defied the civil au
thorities, the gendarmes and a ' rcjr'.nie'nt
of foot chasseurs; and part of this titne
he wa« dead. It was an affair which re
minded one of the famous "Fort Cham*
biol" Incident In Paris after the Dreyfus
case. . "..'.' :
Isidore Nicholas Coquard, a stone break
er.. G2 years old. living in a fcuburb ofthe
tcirn, was caught stealins cabbages from
a. neighbor's garden. Two gardeners
chased him, and one fired a.charge of sshot
Into the old man's leg, but he escaped in
the darkness and proceeded to barricade
himself In his house. Next morning, fol
lowing the trail of blood, the offlceri-bf
the law came to arrest him. Admittance
was denied, and they were sternly warntd
away by Co<;uerd, who enforced his orders
by pointing a shotgun at them out of -one
of the Upper, windows. Then came :the
magistrates with all thrir pomp and lejral
authority to threaten or coax the thief.
Or. peelr.g a gun covering them they fled
precipitately. It began to be rumored
about that the old man had a lot of stolen
poods ia his house and would never' be
taken alive. :."- ;
The gendarmes were sent for, and they
formed a cordon around the house. To
the aid of the gendarmes came a detach
ment cf the First Foot Chasseurs, ar.dthe
siege was fairly bejrun. Anyone approach
ing the house was fired on immediately
by Coquard. A faithful dog, who kept
hlXSKlf concealed either in the house, or
behind angles of it and other natural cov
ers when he went out, Rave warning of
any attempt to approach the door. In the
darmes ¦ and the Police Commissioners.
Soon after the Prefect himself appeared.
All. the chief official? of the Department
cif Aube being now assembled, the major,
accompanied by a soldier with a loaded
rifle, approached to within a few yards
of .the besieged.. house and ; cried out as
before. "Coquard! Coquard!" This time,
however, no one appeared at the window,'
no sound of the cocking of a- gun -was
heard. Only the dog came out into the
courtyard and barked for a few moments.
quafd'" 1 : .Fbr. reply ;the old man appeared
at a." window and leveled his -shotgun at
<the j major,. who thereupon* beat a-mav>
tei-ly' retreat. -On his return within the'
besieging lines- the : galiaqt major "re--,
ceiyed ah 'ovaUou,' 1 .as they sny, for.-'his
bravery : and' his superrb. strategy. */¦•; "
; lii the- afternooiu.the faithful old dog
of xhe "parriEon came into th£ courtyard
of. the licus.-e'ln plain view of the soldiers
and the citizens.. A' soldier was ordered
to shoot it. In the. midst. of a breathless
and then retired. So retired the major,
now twice a hero. ;
• All the rest of the. day was spent In
the drawing up of strategic plans oa_ th»
part of the military authorities. long le
gal consultations on the part of the civil
authorities and speculations, and the dls
cussion of rumors on the part of the dt
ivens. The citizens gradually dlvlde-l
Into two parties — one declaring that Co
quard had committed suicide, and the
other that he had escaped In the night.
silence the man took careful aim, fired—
andimlssedi The dog stopped a moment,
¦gave a low growl, shook . his ears and
slowly' walked Lack irito' the. house:
On -Monday, morning Major Driarit, the
hero, of :th« hour, again came in state to
the- scene .of hostilities, announcing that
ia "second time "he tvouid imperil his llfo.
:lle "-was "..accompanied by the Secretary
XSeneral of the Prefecture, ;the ' Ch.ief . of
thp Cabinet -of the Prefect, the Procura
teur-.ofthe Republic, the Major of Gerir
afternoon- a'- great .vowd of citizens had
collected, and one of them, Paul Woelflay,
deteitnir.ed'to shov; that' there waajStill
courage, in the m°n of Troyes. Watching
his opportunity, he made a rush 'for "the
door. He. .had almost, reached it when ;the
dog gave warning and immediately from
an ur'-tr window a shot- rang out ami
Weelflay ftU -.diad. v.-.'th -a. charger of buck
shot in ii!s ihrcart.; The soldiers and the'
gelidcirmes irade rio attempt' to recover;
The bddy; BOl'two Other citizens. Dorey and
Haisonv Volunteered . to. £o and get it. A
squad; of riflemen covered jcvery aperture
ir. t}ie--.front:-of .the besieged house while
the tj»-o nen fi'shcd in. and -"(I ragged tli'e
body/ of their, fellow citizen ¦.within the
lines of 'the .besiegers.-'." • ¦.-.•" '.
lt -was Friday morning when the sJejre
began. - Saturday passed without incident.
More soldiers 'were ' 'ordered up and the
lints about .the :house strengthened. The
bhoo;tlng of : Wcelflay had. produced such
teircr that na further attempt was made
to'spproaeh Fort. Coquard; • Yl;e;civil au
thorities turned, the matter over- to the
military and the officers of. ¦•.the- First
Chasseurs held 'councils of . \vari '•'" '. '
On Sunday morning c-am.e. to. the Tcene.
of action flajor Drlant of the. Cha'SsSiirs.
Korst-ous in uniform. The. iviajo.r • louUed
military and : dt : termined ani; withal- ix
tre'mely dignified.- .The ercwit hailed '\fiiza
as a hero dliout to do orid^j-. and the mili
tary yal'uttd him as they' \vould an '..ofliber
about to lead a' forlora hope/ againsv-a
frowning" battery. The major:. crept; along
the wall oT the par.de-n - ; uritil ht--ha.il
reached in safety the 'house nearest to
Fort Coquard- The proceeding: might
teem a trijte undignified to some persoiisi
bqt the ..people; who watched the gallant
soldier hailed, the heroic act. with '"loud
acclaim. The .house reached l«y the major
had been abandoned by Its -owner 'when
the sloge began. -. Working his way. warily
to the garden gate • of "the;, old ,stone
breaker's house, the major drew, himself
up and shouted: twice;: '.'Coquard!' Co-
Thos* who held to. th* suicide theory
found people to declare that they had
hellrd a shot end had s»en shingles flr
up from the roof— an evidence that tha
besieged stonebreaker had placed his
shotcun. butt on the floor and the muz
zle under his chin. and. pulling the trigger
with his toe. had blown his brains out
and the shingles ott the roof. The other
party was as .sure that he had escaped,
and worked hard to get up evidence of
fleeing, dusky forms seen in the night.
But no one volunteered to prove the
matter by trying to enter tha house. The
civil and military powers were sure that
Coquard was still In the house, and still
on guard. A proposition was made to
suffocate the man by throwing burning
sulphur down the chimney. . The council
of the authorities in solemn conclave
were delighted with the proposition. Mag
nificent: Grand! They wouid have con
ferred the cror-s of the Legion of Honor
on the proposer at once if they had had
th* power. Eat now arose the question
as to who should throw tho burning sul
phur down the chimney. It was the old
story of who should "bell the cat"- over
¦gain, and this time there appeared no
Douglass; so the proposition reluctantly
was abandoned. ¦ ; . '. •; "¦¦';'. ':.'¦'.¦¦"¦ ;V. ¦ ""-
Another proposal was to assault tho
house with the disinfecting apparatus of
the local hospital. ah<l the machine was
brought to the neighborhood of Fort Co
quard. but no one being able to suggest
Just how the disinfectants were to be
poured upon the besieged stonebreaker
the apparatus was 'ordered back to tha
hospital. i; . .' .: '¦¦'. ; : . ;..' ¦' ¦ '•¦' ¦¦ : - '.y.v-'"' : V
In the afternoon a gendarme and * po- ,
llccman made a. reconnoissance to ¦ . the .
back of a shed forming a part of the
house, but thought they heard a. sounJ
like the cocking of a gun and hastily re
tired. Toward nightfall, however, there
was decided advantage gained by the be- •
sieging forces. The dog. which so vat-.";
lantly had aided his master In the dr. •
fense of the house, was found prowl'
about in that very neighbor's g»/' ' . •¦ "'•
patch ' from which Coquard had stoWa ,
the cabbages. He was shot dead by the •
military and the gendarmes. Now came .',
Tuesday, the fifth day of the niece- A» .
the day wore on and no sign of Coquard./
-was seen, as all colls for him to aurren-'
der had failed to cause him to appear, ft
¦was. determined that decisive action
should be taken. Volleys fired at the
house brought no response, and so In the
afternoon a brave onslaught was ordered
upon the building. With a cheer the gal
lant soldiers charged the front door.,
broke It in and entered the house. From
room to room they cautiously went, find- ,
Ing everywhere silence and desertion. Fi
nally In a shed attached to tha house
they found the corpse of the old stone
breaker hanging by the neck. He had
been dead two days. ...
.tSb: : VsijitdaY;- call.
5
Queer Things the Crow does
One Frenchman's Appetite the Cause of a Tragedy; US' ;ta":. regret, that we have so .cheaply
valued the,: gentler : <iays of spring^:,, i
¦.wa^ifttingit the, chief's desk' jihsotbed
in his iatcstipurchise jan toxicology. • As
I- was wondering whether this b'opk; dis
closing, as it did; a startline and newly
combined poison, untraceable as deadly,
were not more of a menace in the hands
of a criminal than a benefit in those fij
the scientist, I was startled by a violent
ring at the 'phone. -. ¦ .
I hastened to the instrument. "Isithis
the office of Chief Barker?" -The voice
at the other end was clearly that of. a
gentleman, quite .lacking .in." the- gruff,
almost brutal, -¦ quality ' that. " usually
stamps the man in search of ."justice.'' '•
"This is his office," I replied. ¦•:
"Is;he there?" „ •' ;¦
"Chief . Barker is at dinner, but I.am
directed to receive any message!" • ' ,; •
"Thank you/' .returned, the. other
courteously"; "but .is the business is
somewhat private and personal perhaps
I would better wait, until his. return."
"Very well; sir; will you leave your
number?*' I asked..-. :" •
"No; I'll ring again. But you may
. "What is it. Sleek?'* came a voice over
my shoulder. It .was that of tire chief
himself, so I passed- him the earpiece,
went but from the telephone closet and
closed the door.. I confess that the voice
on : the jure had aro.used my curiosity,
and I was a trifle vexed that its disclos
ures had been takeiv literally from my
harvds. • .
' It was at leasts ten minutes before the
chief appeared. His face wore a puzzled
expression and he seemed utterly oblivi
ous to my presence.! A full half-hour
went by before he spoke.
"It's a curious fact/ Sleek.", he said, at
length, "that many of the least impor
tant and apparently simplest crimes arc
really- the most difficult o f solution."
This remark from « inan of the taciturn
and laconic methods of Chief Barker
State.
"However, I procured a necessary
I replied that I had often heard him
refer! to Dr. Jasper, and ventured ' the
query whether it was he .whose voice
had io strangely attracted me.
"Not Jasper, " but his assistant, in
whose hinds my friend has confided the
duty of clearing up a rather unpleasant
affair that threatens disaster not only to
the academy but likewise to poor Jasper
himself. To come at once to the point,
the students at the Covington military
academy have for a long time been the
victims of petty theft. In fact, the
trouble has extended over a period of
four years, and though every effort has
¦been made to unearth the offender the
affair is now a darker mystery than be
fore. When I looked into the matter,
some three years since, it was at the en
treaty of Jasper's assistant, the Rev. Dr
Skerrett, who seemed to feel keenly the
shadow that had fallen across the path
of his Worthy superior. I undertook the
case purely out of friendship for Jasper,
though, of course, you will understand
that' in doing this I was acting In a
strictly unofficial capacity, since the of
fenses were committed in' a foreign
"You have heard of my old- friend, the
Rev.f Dr. Jasper, principal of :the.mili
tary school at Covington. on the D.ela
warct—a fellow^ of infinite refinement arid
.culture,; with, a ready sympathy that
seems to' win the hearts of, his boys.- My
.own T.orn, who was. Under him "for 'three
years; always speaks of him with positive
affection."-- . " "
• caught t.'iriy. attention at '. once, lor not
only iiicU.cojiclud.e that aspecch of such
uniisiial length -must' have' been called
.forth by. the. conversation he had iust
held on the 'phone; but what tc? me was
of vastly more-significance, it seemed to
fit in. curiously With' jny own reflections
on crime aridits ethics.- Therefore I was
all attention, \ but held silencei, waiting
for him to resume in his own way.'
It was for this reason, perhaps, that
the official reports of the . Covington
mystery had awakened in me an interest
quite out of proportion to. the impor
tance of the case. On May o, iSQQ,inot
long after reporting at headquarters; for
duty. I, Roger Sleek of the borough of
the Bronx, city of New York; first heard
of this affair. The chief was at diiiner
and had left me in temporary charge of
the office. The day was- one of those
prematurely hot periods that sometimes
fall toward the end of May. as if to fore
warn us of coming, torturesand awaken
.T Tf SHILEVI un'oot the/man'-tor
\f\ J wink at law-breakings : I have;:
. Y f always held that evcir crime
had its code of ethics, and
. . have ever cherished a certain
regard for the criminal who conscien
tiously lives up to its precepts. For the
xaan who kills his adversary in fair fight
and is promptly strung up for murder;
for the miserable cashier whose love for
fail «ck wife and hungry . little ones i
tempts him to eke out a sal
ary by borrowing from a grinding mil
lionaire taskmaster a paltry hundred
thousand for speculation, but loses the
throw and with it twenty years of the
best of his life — for such as these I con
fess an ungovernable sympathy. And
though it is my unfortunate profession
to bring such as these to the bar of just
ice I have little heart in the pursuit and
have even wished, at times, that before
committing their misdeeds they had
made less awkward plans of escape. On
the other hand, my abhorrence of : the
tncakthief, the petty criminal arid, above
all, the coward who betrays his. pals by
turning State's evidence, is such that 'I
find genuine delight in their, punishment. ••
To my mind, criminal ethics should de
mand the weightiest 'sentences .for, kirn.
«"ba kills the. defenseless, whose thefts
bring greater suffering,' to. the urifoVtu
nate, or who needlessly and • viciously
does crime for crime's sake. :• .'¦..••'". ;
, \ ws. '^MBm$$M&.
¦I ;lurned over vthe body, and, sure., enough, his wcrds were too. lite
"Yes, it ..is Heenan," fi replied; "foe has chosen wisely/ 1
"Jasper. turned toward me with a face
in which fear and despair produced a
picture that will haunt me to my grave.
As. a rule I steel my sympathies against
" 'Young. Bevis of the Junior grade.
He reports having received $1001 from
home last Tuesday, of which he spent
$7. To-night his room was entered,
probably while he was at tea. and the
remaining $90 taken from the trunk.'
" 'Who? How much?' Jasper's inter
ruption showed only too clearly the aw
ful presentiment that tortured him.
"Dr. Skerrett looked first at me. then
at Jasper; a shads of pain passed over
his kindly countenance. 'It is my duty,
doctor' — and his voice trembled with
emotion — 'to report another — ' . /
" 'Do not hesitate, Skerrett.' said my
friend, as if to ease the embarrassment
of his assistant. 'Chief Barker is one oi
my oldest acquaintances, come to. our
aid. You- may speak freely.'
"As we left the dining hall Jasper'in
dicated that he desired to see me in his
private office. We were closeted alone
r'or perhaps forty minutes, examining di
agrams, reading records and discussing
in all its bearings this dark and most ex
traordinary affair, when a sharp knock
arrested our attention. The door opened
without further ceremony, and there
stood Dr. Skerrett, his face the picture
of consternation and alarm. At that mo
ment I turned to Jasper. His cheeks
were the color of this ash from my cigar.
His lips were trembling under the press
ure of sudden shock.
"Events transpired after my arrival in
rapid and startling succession. .At tea
that • evening I sat at the right of mv
friend Jasper, and -never have I seen a
man so changed by misfortune. Sker
rett, in turn, was at .my right, and then,
after he had said grace, you can imagine
my surprise to see Heenan enter the hall
and take a seat at Jasper's left. He
bowed to- me pleasantly, and the meal
ended without further incident
He handed me the paper and. taking his
hat, walked out the door. " • '
"My first impulse was to detain him,
but on second reflection I chose another
course. I felt keenly for poor Jasper.
Ought. I noj, as his friend, take a oer
sonal.hand in this dastardly business,
which was. bringing swift ruin to a good
and upright man? more I thought
of it the more I felt convinced that such
was the only course. In less than an
hour I boarded a train for Covington.
. "To be sure* Pardon my abstraction.
In my advancing experience I observe
more and more the great value of repu
tation and success. In younger years I
could not have settled poor Heenan so
easily. But that is neither here nor
there. There's been another theft at Co. v
ington, quite different in its aspects from
the others, and involving only a small
amount — $3, I believe. Skerrett very
properly believes that one of the new
students may be trying to emulate poor
Heenan, and on his advice Jasper, who
is quite upset over the affair, is deter
mined to nip it in the bud. Skerrett
said the money was abstracted from one
of the boys' coats during a football
match— undoubtedly the act of one or
his schoolmates.'* . : : - /.
"And, if so, a most contemptible one."
I remarked, "that deserves to be pun
ished.** ¦ .' ' "• ; '.'.;¦' ". "'. ;.'. .."•.". ¦. ".; : - ; -.. ¦ .".
"I am glad you think sa" returned-
The chief ceased to speak, and I wait
ed for the sequeL Presently I said, bv
way of suggestion: "And your message
just now? That was from the school?"
"The death was so clearly suicidal that
after a prompt inquest by the coroner
the matter was hushed up without an-/
shadow falling on the school. Indeed,
fiom that day the thefts ceased, and the
academic year, the fourth since the
trouble began, closed without further
sensation — the best evidence that instire
had bestowed her righteous punishment
in her own good way."
"'Yes,' I answered, appearing to ig
nore the compliment, however it might
be deserved.
"Skerrett was equally distressed. 'I
am grieved,' he said gently. 'Heenan
was one of your own men. Chief; and,
seeing you here to-night, he felt the
sure hand of destiny.'
"For a full minute none of us spoke.
Then Jasper, with a half-sob, said: . VI've
been a blind fool, but I would have for
given him. Heenan, my poor friend!'
And he knelt over the prostrate body
and wept like the great, noble, big
hearted child he was.
" 'That the poor fellow preferred sui
cide to disgrace. There is the man re
sponsible for your wrongs.*
enough, his words were too true. *Ye»,
it is Heenan,' I replied; 'he has chosen
wisely.' ¦'. • . .. -.: ;¦
"'What do you mean?* said Jasper
and Skerrett in a breath.
"Skerrett could scarcely speak. 'Come.'
he said hoarsely. Knowing that only
the most extraordinary occurrence could
have so. unnerved him, Jasper and I,
without further parley, followed him
out of the door and up the road, awjy
from the station. ¦ . '..-•.
~ "We had hardly- turned a corner in the
path when Jasper stumbled over a pros
trate form lying face downwardl A dark
stain, just discernible* in the moonlight,
marked the presence of pools of blood.
The right hand, outstretched, had tight
ened its death grip on a revolver. . :
" 'There,' said Skerrett. the tears roll
ing in floods down his whitened cheeks,
'there is Heenan 1' .
"I turned over the body, and, sure
''Skerrett went out of the door as if
shot from a gun. He should have re
turned in twenty minutes, for it was a
short quarter of a mile to the station.
A half-hour passed, and no" tiding3.
Forty minutes, fifty minutes, an houi ;
still no sign of either. The clock was
striking 10 before Skerrett burst open
the door and stood there, as white as a
specter.
"Jasper and I jumped to our feet in
an instant. 'Heenan 1' I exclaimed.' Did
you miss him?'
"'Hurry to the station. Skerrett.* I
said. 'You are in Jasper's confidence,
and I too must rely on your help. Say
to Heenan when you reach him that I
desire his counsel at once.'
" 'I believe so. Chief.'
'"Within five minutes Skerrett re
turned; he was nervous and pale. 'Mr.
Heenan is not to be found. Chief. Bar
ney, the watchman, says he took the
road to the village less than half nn
hour ago.'
" 'There's a train back to town at this
hour?'
."For the moment I was dumfounded
that the villain should flaunt such defi
ance in my face, for I flatter -myself few
chiefs have better deserved the distinc
tion than I. Yet here was the problem
freshly presented: My duty was to solve
it. .
"I glanced at Skerrett. 'Request
Heenan to come here,'- 1 said quietly.
" 'You see,' he said, 'the ghost walks
again, and, as usual, before our very
eyes. His boldness' seems his best safe
guard.'
the emotions of my client*. But it was
different with Jasper. He was my friend,
and I liked him. : -
"Something did happen, and in a
quarter that gave me little . surprise.
About six, months. ago the sum of $85
was stolen one Sunday while the boys
were at tea. The news was brought the
following day by Heenan himself, who
had spent the entire: Sunday and night
as Jasper's , guest. When ,1 thereupon
suggest-d to Heenan that he return for
a further investigation of the affair h-i
not only flatly refused but went directly
to his desk and wrote his resignation.
"Meanwhile three academic years had
passed. The enrollment of students had
dwindled to such a degree, and the finan
cial returns showed such increase of loss.
that it was only a question of time when
Jasper would have to close up his career
and become in his declining years a mis
erable bankrupt. My heart bled for my
poor friend who did so much to make
my own boy the fine, manly fellow he is.
Yet I could do nothing but turn the
problem over in my mind and wait for
something to happen.
"All these suspicions I put aside for
further reference and awaited develop
ments, though hblding firmiy to the
same opinion that the active figure in
this mystery, whoever he might be, was,
if not one of the boys ("which I doubt
ed), at least some one familiar with the
workings and habits of the school.
"I was not prepared to make accusa
tion to that effect, for I was loth to be
lieve that, after .the summary manner In
which I. had dealt with Dreicer. another
of my force could have the hardihood to
tempt a similar fate. Dreicer, you re
member, got fifteen years.
'•;However, I could not be blind to the
fact that Heena.n had been on terms of
. friendship with Jasper since the year he
spent three weeks in Covington on a
successful" arson case.' I also happened
to ; kn<5\y that lie still ran down occasion
ally- for a Sunday's dinner. In addition,
he 'should have found much assistance in
the advice and unselfish activity of Dr.
Skerrett, who -was- regarded by the'boys
rather .'as champion ' and friend' than as
• preceptor, and whose- daily, occupation,'
as : required by" Jasper, was merely to
preside at morning- prayers, teach one
• hour of Latin and one of Biblical his
tory. The remainder of his time he was
to- place at the: disposal of my man, Het
• na'ri. However,- as the thefts always
ceased during Heenan's- official residenre
at the academy, as he invariably returned
empty-handed; and as, after periodical
investigations,' the thievery and ; his so
cial visits were resumed almost simulta
neously, I may as well confess that, In
my opinion, Heenan' knew "more about
the matter than he had cared to disclose.
."Three separate times did he under
take the task, each time with greater re
luctance, and three separate times did he
return without so much as a clew. It
can be imagined that by this time mv
confidence in Heenan was beginning to
wane. Already, that year I had un
earthed a robbery in which one of my
own trusted detectives, a .man named
Drciccr, proved to be a confederate, and
naturally I could not but fear that — well,
never mind what I thought. I have no
wish to be. unjust; moreover, there wns
nothing as yet to give proof to my opin
ions. ' . " :'. . ¦': . -
"Under Heenan everybody and every
thing was subjected to the most rigid
observation, but though during his resi
dence at the academy the thefts wholly
ceased it proved impossible to locate the
culprit or even to arouse a tangible sus
picion. No sooner had Heenan given
up the search as hopeless and returned
to New York than the complaints broke
out afresh. Boys who had lately re
ceived money from home were th? usual
victims, and their losses ranged all the
way from Co cents to $85. In spite of
the. fact that their beloncrincs were se
curcly locked in their, trunks it was no
uncommon occurrence for a lad to re
turn from recitation or drill or the ball
Held to find his desk pried open and his
motiey gone. Then there was more ex
citement, another urgent summons from
Skerrett aiid another failure on the part
of Heenan.
"The number of .pupils had diminished
perceptibly during theyear. so that Jas
per's . income, which had been gener
ansly good hitherto, left a' bare $3000 of
profit. The lads had written home, com
plaining of repeated outrages, until
finally, on one pretext or another, the
fathers of many had withdrawn their
sons for the remainder of the term.
leave. of absence for Heenan. one of mv
best men;' and assigned him to the case,
first explaining that it would demand the
utmost secrecy ' and discretion, as any
public knowledge of theft in an institu
tion renowned as well for its moral as
its military training might cause its utter
ruin, indeed, as- 1 have said, it/was mv
regard for Jasper which caused me to
investigate this mysterious affair, and, as
it proved,! started none too soon.
. ¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.
6
THE EIGHTHfrom. taking him into mv confidence. I
Accordingly, on the instant deciding 10 I
disclose my real mission to Dr. Ia<pcr J
alone, I answered that I was the expect
ed agent and that I should be obliged i; [
he would procure me a room plan of
the building. ;
"With pleasure," he said, smiling
courteously. "Won't you make yourself
comfortable? You will find cicars and
magazines at the table on your right. I
can recommend those Pcrfectos: thsy
form my only indulgence."
Receiving my thanks, he turned to
leave the room, but, stopping abruptly
at -the door, he asked: "How long will
your survey require?"
"I shall make a report in three days."
: "Very good. You will accept our hos
pitality for that period?"
. I replied with some indifference: "You
j arc. very kind, but I — ier — well, you see,
I am intrusted with funds. of some valu-.
and should feel less .responsible were
they in. the. safe at the hotel." •
•- A. curious gleam came, into his eye*,
but ;h*e merely bowe<l silently and left.
vJt was but a : morhent after I had
touched a" light to one of his rare Per
fectbs when , Skerrett! returned. With
him "came Dr> Jasper, ! As we were mus
.tering the room plans a bell sounded in
tiie. corridor, followed iby a hum of boy
.iiji voices and. a scuffling of feet. Sker
rett arose.. *'My period on Biblical his
tory, Doctor.- I "think; Mr. — •"-, ,,.,¦-.
... "?leck,"...I suggested," as he smiled
: toward me. • ." ;
Mr. Sleckl understands the
plaas; ; The question of cost I leave to
you;" j - !-,.v°;- : 
• : -A5 he withdrew I turned to Dr. Jas
per ind remarked that I had rarely seen
a more! kindly face. \* .
"And" I dare say yoii have never
known; s. more kindly heart," he an
swered; "Biit now, as regards the cost
of -this flighting — " i
Here- 1 thought necessary to interrupt.
"You \yill pardon me. Doctor: I am not
an . electrician — unless- Chief Barker is
also : orie." . 'V\-V"
The =old principal looked at me in
blank Amazement. > t "Then ¦¦ Barker sent
you? And you said nothing to Sker
rett?" •
"Scarcely necessary," I answered.
."The cjhief has disclosed everything of
"importance to:date. It will simplify mat
ters-if: my identity is known -tfnly to
you."- i
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦¦ • . . . -
the chief, "since I propose leaving the !
:r,atter entirely to you. You have leave i
of absencefor three days: <Io not cxccj<1 j
that time." (
¦•/¦;. ¦,;¦- . : _ I
The chief? C2refu! narrative had re- I
ceived precisely the outcome for which I
had been hoping. I hastened to mv
lodffincrs and, packing my necessary
wardrobe, was soon comfortably seated
in a Pennsylvania coach and well on the
w?y to Co vinRton.
A? the train thundered on my mind
persistently reverted to the absorbing
and perplexing narrative to which I hail
lately listened. There were two possible
hypotheses. If the last theft was en- .
tirely apart from those Chief Barker haJ
told me of, three days would be ample
for an examination- If I should find ; t
of a part with those . preceding 'the death
of Heenan, where mi^ht not mv inves
tigations "lead ine? ; : ThotiKh leaning to
the latter belief, I had no well-defined
idea as to the perpetrator of these
rages— unless, as. I half $uspcctedAvi)uM
be the case, 5ome new personality of
whotn the chief had failed id 'sp^cak
should fall under my observatiort.- 'i j |
By the tirae the train rolleit into Cov- i
ingioo my mind had settled itself only j
on two essential points: Tirst.nly iden
tity and the object of niy..p}f*sence at :
the academy nstijit be ikept secret; front all
exceptirig 'Drljfa^pei' and, if need .be. 4
bis. assistant, Dr. Skerrett; i. second; ' I.
must hit on some plan to gain popular
ity among- the boys;- .; These ; were, my
' thb'ugtits. as I.savir. the name "Coying.
to;v-^CTi.ihe Iau-n.'-. : ;.Thc>topp'mz .of the.
train a moment latsr announced my-dea--
tinaiipn:- \ ;-'•/-".?. = : -|- - .:'¦ '¦•:: .';''¦¦'.'.'¦.'• l ¦
<jiucrt.er 'of ainjie efrat^nt, I: decided jto.
walk.. .:In ten minute.* a pale, -cental ge.n
ticntari,: t^sij^-'piij'x^dption-: hall, to
which/ I. had.^bcen> inhered, arid desired
t^Jtoio^^lieiivcr. t: AvasTthsf electrician
fror>" ; Njcw- York. •> .' I" '' ''!' = •; ¦ '. ! '
\ \ .;."" I --anl jtarfi fie vr' York." • I answered.
"I .iieiie^e-I'airctb.scCiPr. Xaspcr.".i. •.
* i ;;::r Dr. Skcrrett.hls.assjstant. -Tiic
¦rcVcr<Jifif'rinciija:l.J : s' resting.-. If you
/Iwive :;- : .jp^aifcfr : :'i!jo3t Virinjjthc school ipr
the'ne v r3 .:gifitinjt.\I was told jto
give j-outkc'titciuial information."";;
. Thl> -«^as «iy cliancc.-- and. 1. must hot
fail ftp tnak c the -taost of ' it. • The ; ruse
Ti:r^ht«crccij.xny;. identity even freim
l3.1air.cn;%ajidN;]s«rcly^ X ar?^a?d. there;
»-5 now no advantage to begaiaed
•^^¦^^^•"v'v.w?-*?:?- i ;•¦.;¦.;¦-. ¦¦./• • -I ]
'•If you will glance at tine gentleman on your right, • I continued
•you will see. the most monstrous thief unhung."
"Possibly. At any rate, you may reiy |
on my discretion."
"There Is nothing new?" I asked. j
"Nothing; that is. you know of the j
last offense? Only $.}. but I cannot sur
vive another ordeal such as the first.
However, my fears of another 'reign of f
terror," he added, smiling, "are shared
neither by Dr. Skerrett nor my son."
"Your son?" I asked, frankly sur
; prised. "I did not know of your having
a son."
"He is the commandant of our mili
tary company, bearing the rank of cap
tain; a capital instructor in drill and tac
tics, but not a companionable chap — not
companionable."
I was struck with this remark, half
revery, half regret, but said nothing and
presently withdrew.
Going to my room at the hotel. I pro
ceeded to master the facts as Chief Ba;l
ker and his friend, the principal, had
laid them before me. Thinking to dis
pose at once of the least probable of mv
hypotheses, from the chief's point of
view, I based theories on the first as
sumption that the last robbery and those
culminating in Heenan's death were
; parts of the same bold scheme. What,
then, were the. facts to be held in mind?
The thefts, first and last, had now cov
ered a period of more than four year?.
Since the complete academic course re
quired a residence of precisely three
years, it was obvious that students • :si
dent at the academy when the robberies
began might not be suspected of recent
offenses. Conversely, it was equally ab
surd to assume that any student now res
ident knew anything of the original
crimes. Thus, one might have started
the plan and passed his profitable secret,
as a sort of class heritage, on to another.
But, to i&y mind, this was most improb-,
able. It^was, however, beyond perad
venture that the culprit was to.be found
among those permanently resident at the
academy. His intimate knowledge of
the boys' secrets and habits allowed no
other hypothesis." Eliminating, there
fore, the boys themselves from the prob
lem, there remained only twenty-eight
other persons otherwise permanently
living at the school. Of these seventeen
included the faculty and their wives, ten
were servants, and the other was the
military son of the reverend principal.
The thefts had occurred* at irregular
intervals and ranged in amount from $3
cenis to $93. Of these amounts I had
.MMS-- TERESA. CfV?R5N0,.
The Great Pianist Who Will Be Heard in This City Shortly.
But a well-aimed blow from the cap
tain's fist, as Skerrett grasped an ugly
looking paper cutter and made a vicious
lunge at my throat, sent him prostrate
across the table. Meanwhile i slipped a
The effect was as if a bomb had been
hurled in their midst. Skerrett jumped
to his feet, livid with murderous rage.
"You lie! You lie!" he shrieked. "Bv.
-God, Til— "
There was a moment of vital suspense.
The three faces at the table turned
deathly pale; I alone was undisturbed.
'"If you will glance at the gentleman on
your rights' I continued, "you will see
the most monstrous thief unhung."
"I am quite satisfied, Dr. Jasper," I
answered quietly. "But I think the case
is now beyond even their efforts."
"Do I understand that von have a
clew, Mr. Sleek?"
I smiled. "Something rather more
tangible, Doctor."
"In brief, Mr. Sleek. I could not bring
myself to withhold from them the true
purpose of your presence here. And I
think you will approve my action when
you learn what infinite assistance they
can be to you."
"I trust you will not regard what I am
about to tell you in the light of an indis
cretion — above all. not as an -intrusion
on your rights among us. Dr, Skerrett
and my son have been in mv confidence
these many years; so that inevitably. I
rely on their affection and good sense."
I acquiesced. The affair was taking
a most happy turn for me.
of Dr. Jasper, were seated his son and
Dr. Skerrett.
"You are come in jrood time. M«\
Sleek," said he.'
I took the seat he indicated at the va
cant side.
As for Skerrett himself, he joined the
faculty of a well-known institute in the
South, where he resumed his teaching
of the classics and Biblical history.
Nothing more was heard of him until,
shortly after the death of his wife, he
took passage for England, whence he
sailed for the missionary fields of South
Africa. Apparently the following letter
The captain and I were for giving him
over, but Dr. Jasper— great-hearted, ven-.
erable fool that he was — would hear
none of it. Instead he drew a. check for
salary due to date, took from the villain
a receipt in full and left him to choose
the earliest train for parts unknown..
He took bis sweet little wife with him,
and as she was allowed to believe his
retirement nobly due to her own failing
health, the shadow of his crime did not
cross her path to the day she died. <
The interruption had lasted but a mo
ment. Skerrett revived in time to hear
me ask for the police or a messencer.
The remark brought the coward to his
knees, and the moans and tears he let
loose would have sickened a doe. Still
lie protested innocence, and it was onlv
when I disclosed how for four vea~3 he
had been seeking dishonestly the affec
tion of Gemma Cassell: how he had
sought to buy her with costly gifts; how.
undoubtedly, he had lived with others a
life of sly profligacy; how, his earnings
as a teacher having been insufficient to
support more th3n his lawful wife, he
had resorted to knavery, and chiefly
hoWiiis deposits in the Covington bank
coincided strangely in dates and amounts
with the mysterious thefts. It was only
in face of these facts that he confessed
and, like the cur of his breed, groveleJ
and fawned for mercy.
pair of bracelets over his wrist, while
young Jasper applied his best energies
to restoring consciousness to his un
happy parent, who, overcome by the
suddenness of the shock, had swooned
in his chair.
Fifteen minutes parsed before I was
admitted to the presence of the lea'ned
principal, a delay which. seemed to me
quite unnecessary, in view of the impor
tance of my errand. Evidently a con
sultation had been in'progress. for at the
large, ¦ square • s tudy table, on cither side
I assure you it was a remarkably brief
space of time before I had returned tc
the town and called at the Covington
bank. The, cashier was good enough to
supply the- information I desired, and,
equipped with this— and the iron bar— I
returned to the- academy.
On the first impulse I let him follow
alone his hidden lane; on the second
I tossed aside my cigar and likewise
took the mysterious path. He was some
distance in advance and quite out of
sight. But there was no need of a
trail. The almost tangible aroma of the
matchless Perfecto I had seen between
his lips had nbt yet sifted away through
the dense foliage. It bore me directly
onward until I saw the discarded cigar
end, still smoking, where he had thrown
it beneath the bushes. I was just in
time to see Skerrett carefully extract a
dainty package from one of his pockets
and with it enter the pretty house of the
widow Cassell. I waited. Two hours
passed before he emerged and retraced
his course down the lane and thence up
the highway to th: school.
Could it be possible that Skerrett. top,
was after the phantom? If so, what
could it avail him, since he was happily
wed and cosily harbored at the academy,
where I had met his charming little wife
Indeed, the mother indulged the
daughter in this folly, to the ruin ' of
many an ampler purse than that of
young Captain Jasper, who. I learned
with eager interest, was her one faithful
admirer. There were others, and many
of them, who had plunged and lost dur
ing the five years Mrs. Cassell and her
daughter had lived in Covington. but
her favor waned when fortune fled, and
only they who financially could stand
the pace were now in the running.
So far as I could learn from careful
inquiry no shadow rested on either the
mother or the Kill, save a frank and
open liking for the attention of men and
an aggravated case of a not uncommon
feminine weakness — iove of costlv rai
ment and fine line:*, not to mention
gems and precious stones.
Scarcely had the Perfccto and I set
tled to ease when my eye caught the
shadow of a familiar figure coming down
the road. Not that I was surprised to
sec Dr. Skerrett at this hour or in this
place, but I felt that if he were not about
unusual and hidden business he would
walk straight on like a man. wilh fewer
backward glances over his shoulder and
less attempt at concealment. His path
lay towartl the station, but when h>:
reached a point within ioo yards of the
hotel he turned abruptly to the right
Into a narrow wooded lane that made a
semi-circular detour backward in the
general- direction of the academy. At
its "upper end, which lav a short half
mile above the school, was a cottage
where dwelt a widow with a young and
rather pretty daughter.
Returning to the hotel for dinner. 1
reflected that the morning's efforts had
failed dismally to establish my theorv.
However, far from surrender. I realized
the necessity of reorganizing my efforts.
To soothe my mental agitation I lighted
one of Skerrett's fragrant Pcrfectos, for
I have ever found consolation in a good
cigar. Withdrawing to a secluded cor
ner of the veranda, I noticed with lazy
interest that from my resting place be
hind a '.hick mass of vines I could, with
out betraying my. own presence, observe
all that might transpire in front.
been careful to require an accurate list
of Dr. Jasper, together with the exac:
dates on which the losses occurred.
Thus I had a complete record of the
scoundrel's operations, and it came to
me that if I could in any way verify this
list I sliould be on the track of my man.
But to accomplish this was the prob
lem, since such a list — if, indeed, oii^i
existed — would assuredly be among the
secret possessions of the culprit him
self. Accordingly, next morning, while
the boys and their tutors were immersed
in their studies, I procured the keys cf
Dr. Skerrett on the pretense that I was
to survey the premises for the new wir
ing, and, armed with those and my floijr
plans, prosecuted a most dilfecnt and
careful search. I found no list, as I hid
hoped, but in the rooms of a student
named Becks I unearthed the short iron
bar with which undoubtedly the trunks
and doors had been forced open. But I
was not yet prepared to abandon tlic
present hypothesis for the first— that ths":
last • theft was apart from the others.
Consequently I set aside the iron bar
for future use.
There was indeed no need of a signa
ture. I saw the letter on the occasion o£
Dr. Jasper's last visit to New York,
when, through mistaken friendship, he
ventured to read it to the chief.
"A true penitent," said the reverend
principal sweetly.
"Or else," growled the chief, "a most
sublime hypocrite."
October 4, 1S93.
The» Rev. Archibald Jasper. D. D.. Cov
lnffton-on-the-Delaware: This letter will
require no signature, for you know its
author. You will sea that only on© mis
erable being could have written Its con
fession and Its plea for your noble for
giveness. It Is the last you shall ever
know of a crushed and contrite man, be
yond that when, to-morrow nlgrht. you
shall read these words, ha •will be 300
miles nearer that dark shore to whose
spiritual good he Is to devote th© remain
der of his days.
But. however grossly h» may have
wronged you. ho begrs that you will speak
charitably of him should you have ever
thought him guilty of a more- mortal eln.
The man Sleek was right; It was his love
for a pure, young, frivolous girl that
caused his falL But. as there Is a God.
whose servant he Is, he never meant that
love to bo the cost of another's life. If.
Jealousy Is Insanity, as I believe your gen
erous bouI wjn admit, then may your
servant bo acquitted in spirit, even though
blood be upon his hands. When, on that
heavy night, he met Heenan on the road
and learned that the young girl was to be
come hla wife, it was Jealous madness
that struck tha first blow. But it was
Heenan who drew the weapon, and aa It
was then on© man's life or the other's, a
fair fight in self-defense was only nature's
first law. Would to God the victor had
been the vanquished! but that was not tha
plan of Providence. In His Infinite mercy
He will wipe out the stain with abundant
gleanings in green field* and pastures
new. For Is it not written: "Though your
sins be as scarlet. I will make them
whiter than snow"? v
American JUne Steamer Paris.
was brought back by the pilot who car
ried his steamer out of the harbor. If
his idea was to escape pursuit he must
have forgotten the sweet quality of
mercy that once before had spared him
the punishment he so richly deserved:
THE SUNDAY CAL.K
COMMANDMENT
STORY
7You see, she was not .th« least bit
clever, despite her ambition. She
could not adapt herself to oircum
stances — those in which a kind fate
had placed her. She ought to have
avoided strange food, like celery, un
til she had learned something of it:
she should have been able to assume
good manners by imitating those near
her. Lank of this kind of cleverness
deprived her of worldly advantages
to which her stock of good looks en
titled her, yet she did not ssem to be
able to avoid the vulgarity which
is now her portion.
Two years later I met her again,
still healthy and pretty, still stylish,
but with a tinge of coarseness in her
manner which savored of companion
ship somewhat lower in ; the social
scale. She had drifted downward sim
ply because she did not possess tact
enough to make the most of her ad
vantages, and had grown bitter with
the change. .
by a bad break which, everybody no
ticed.
The girl had one other gift that
1 forgot to mention — she talked very
little, and was thus able to hide many
deficiencies in education. Her great
beauty would cover up minor faults,
naturally. To the dinner, over which
I would not dare say how much time
and thought had been poured by tho
Lost, went this girl and her married
sister. It was perfect in every detail
and the guest of honor did it credit
by her irreproachable toilet. Amons*
other good things out of season was
celery, which, when passed to the
young woman, was accepted as a
matter of course, although she had
never seen a piece until that even
ing. She calmly ate the leaves and
discarded the succulent stalks, while
her host was simply helpless from
amazement.. He ate little or nothing,
.was uncommonly silent all through
the meal, and ended his attentions
when he deposited the girl and her
chaperon at the outer door of their
home. She wondered at the falling
off, but never knew the reason— that
she had cured h<tn of his infatuation
• The prettiest face in Christendom
will not counteract glaring signs of
ill-breeding. I can. call to mind a
perfect specimen of young woman
hood who came from ths heather
fields of Scotland to a city famed for
its culture; She was a joy to the eye,
healthy, "sweet, young and gifted
with that greatest of all blessings —
style. As you might imagine, mas
culine attention awaited her at every
turn, and among her admirers was a
wealthy bachelor, who gave a dinner
in her honor.
It would hardly seem necessary to
say that one's nails should be cared
for in private like other points of the
toilet. It is not at all uncommon to
s-;e women rearrange side combs aftur
lemoving their hats in the theater,
but there is some excuse for the act
?n the discomfort of loose- ends of
hair which have been pulled away
from their fastening and float about
one's ears and in front of the eyes.
So we accept this breach of manners
There is. no good excuse f'dr the nail
file and toothpick when they appear
in public, and it will be long before
refined people will care to search for
one.
By Mrs, Martha Tafft Want worth.
citement, when the veneer seems to
break away and show glimpses of tho
true nature below it. It is said that
as a nation we are improving year
by year, but the progress is so slow
when compared with all there is to
be done that the task seems an end
less one.
Women Win by Tact Rather
Than by Beauty.
Refinement is bred In the bone,
and where it exists such ways are
impossible. The next best thing is the
veneer which comes from the polish
ing process of education and experi
ence. . The possessors of this, too,
would scarcely be guilty of glaring
faults except under the stress of ex-
Somebody told v me once that every
person had some disgusting trick. I
did not believe it then, I do not be
lieve it now, even with a wide ex
perience of men and women and their
little .ways. I do -believe, however,
that many persons have more than
one objectionable trick, for they are
likely to go in pairs like reptiles.
Why does not father, mother, rela
tive or friend call such a person's at
tention to these horrid little ways?
It is infinitely better to risk unpleas
antness at home than to allow a
woman to be publicly condemned for
a thing that could b.* avoided.
Women are shunned for smaller of
fenses than the one I witnessed the
other day, and perhaps they never
guess the reason. : )- - .
People with weak stomachs have a
hard time in lifs. Thrra are so many
disgusting things to be met with out
side one's homo that scarcely a day
passes without an experience which
cannot be readily banished from the
memory. I fslt really angi?y -with niy
neighbor who gave the finishing
touches to as ugly a set of nails as I
ever saw before her dinner was
served. I looked for other uncommon
traits in her behavior but could finrl
nothing else at which to complain.
Why she should have thought her
self justified in such an act passes
my comprehension. -"" ;
She was a good-looking young
woman, with an air of repose that
was positively refreshing in these
days of nerves. She was carefully
dressed and seemed to be more than
ordinarily intelligent. I considered
myself fortunate in having such a.
presentable vis-a-vis until she pro
duced her nail file and bsgan the
scraping process which is irritating
at all times, but wa3 particularly
nerve-wasting as an accompaniment
to soup.
JHAVE seen various vulgar habits
exhibited at a public table, but
never until this week has it been
my misfortune to sit at table with a
woman who brought along her man
icure implements and used them
while waiting for the first course of
her dinner.
(CopjTteht. 1901, by Walter B. Guild.)
However,. to azwid shocking our
sensitive .nervous system, the pass
ing from the hot into the cold sea
son must be gradual. In many cli
matcs the change is, indeed, grad
ual, but in America the autumnal
road is never so smooth; it goes up
and dozvn, often abruptly and pre
cipitously, and there is where the
imprudent zvayfarer meets with ac
cidents. Therefore, zvhen the fall
beneficiary members of nature all
the year round, it is only sensible to
graciously step out to receive the
benefits of this instrumentality. The
cold season is sent to us to promote
the recuperation of our nerves,
shattered by the long summer lieat,
hence common senfe tells us that
we should go out and meet it like a
friend, instead of hiding from it as
from an enemy.
ive it is capable of finding the win
ter camping life quite as natural as
indoor life. The exceptions to this
rule are only the sick, convalescents
and old, for these have a dimin
ished quantity of blood, or a slower
circulation of the bloodstream and
a weaker heart.
We should realize that the more
rapidly the blood circulates the more
body heat is produced, and that
physical activity and hot drinks are
the best means by zvhich to promote
a rapid circulation of the blood.
W hen the body is at rest the zvholc
ivork of the blood circulation is
thrown upon the heart alone,
zi'hereas, zvhen active the muscles
aid pozvcrfully in driving the blood
stream onward. This combined
p'ozver is then capable to- overcome
the action of the cold on the external
° Our strict duty toward our
health is to associate freely with the
season as it comes. By so doing
we cultivate our nerves and bring
them to the standard of the season
itself. To this end. we must fre
quently come in touch with it, how
ever cold its atmospheric features
may be, welcoming it as it were, not
from behind a heated barricade,
like timorous people, but in the open
air, with due precautions, but fear
lessly. The fall and winter, like
the spring and-summer, are the in
struments with which the super
natural riding hand works the
fields of nature, and as we are the
Concerning the cure of whatever
predisposition may exist when en
tering the cold season, we must lay
great stress upon the course of life
to be pursued through the fall, and
later through the zvinter; upon it
depends not only, the prroention of
colds, but the general health itself .
PREVENTION— In taking up\
the consideration of the preventive
means, let us realize this plain fact,
that in order to fare safely through
the fall and zvinter we must, qs ii^
zvere, be equipped with fall nerves
and zuinter nerves, for our summer
nerves are not suited to those sea
sons. Such nerves we acquire
by adopting such means as will
avoid or cure the predisposing
cause and insure safety against the
exciting causes. The predisposing
cause can always be avoided if the
tone of the nervous system is kept
up during the .summer by cold baths
or cold spongings. If this cold ap
plication be resorted to twice a xveek
during the summer \ and continued
once a week through October, no
predisposition will gain control of
the nervous system. A good rub
bing of the skin shoidd be a part of
the sponging operation.
Let us add, hozvez'cr, that a so
called "cold" is often the result of
inlialing an irritant substance, such
as nocuous dust, germ-laden air,
dense smoke, noxious gases, the fly
ing pollen of plants and trees, etc.;
but even in this case the nerves
zvhich are not toned up by frequent
outings stand as a predisposing
cause, and a chilling of the body as
an allied exciting cause. It is the
action of the irritant substances in
haled zvhich makes the hose, throat
and lungs our weakest spots, be
cause irritation causes congestion
and redness of the part, exactly as
mustard does when applied to the
skin. It is also a positive fact that
when the effect of the irritant sub
stance is rather severe it produces
the catarrhal condition termed "a
cold" without the aid of any allied
cause. This explains the so-called
"colds" contracted in the summer.
Hence we find that the debilitat
ing influence that the long summer
heat or constant liz'ing in warm
rooms exerts upon the nervous sys
tem is the predisposing cause to this
disease in the fall and winter, and
that a prolonged exposure to fold,
inadequately clad or without react
ing by exercise or hot drinks, is the
exciting cause.
or catarrh." At this juncture, and
for the sake of comprehension, we
must state, however, that the capil
laries are under the control of the
nervous system and that they rup
ture only when the vasomotor
nerves are in a zveak condition.
aborted at its onset before it has
tightened up its grasp, that is,
zvhile the disease is yet in its con
gestive stage, if the people know
what to do at the proper time.
Having said that the cause of a
"cold" is a loss of equilibrium in the
circulation of -the mass of blood,
that the condition present in zuhat is
termed "a cold" is an overflow of
blood in a zveak part, that this over
flow is induced by an impression of
cold on the external surfaces which
drives the blood inzvard, or by the
local effect of an irritant substance,
and that heat, contrdrily to cold, at
tracts the blood to where it is ap
plied by relaxing the skin, every
body should now be able to clearly
see the natural remedy or rational
freatment to abort a "cold" at its
ABORTIVE TREATMENT OF
A "COLD."
A "cola" can be ' very easily
PROPER TIME TO ACT—
The proper time at which to apply
the abortive treatment is marked by
the following symptoms: When
ever after exposure to cold without
exercise or sufficient clothing, a pain
or oppression is felt in the chest, or
sides of the chest, it means that the
lungs are congested, i. e., thai the
Other very helpful measures in
this case are: A hot drink with
a dose of brandy, or ten grains of
quinine in one dose, which may be
repeated in six hours. ¦"•
By thus restoring the lost body
heat we reverse the circulation, re
establish the equilibrium of the
blood-stream and check the further
progress of the trouble before it
•reaches the inflammatory stage.
The object to be sought in the
abortive treatment is to draw the
blood to the parts devoid of it, such
as the extremities and the skin,
thereby reducing the internal pres
sure and relieving the congested
part which is about to give way.
This end is best reached by taking a
full hot bath to which a cupful of
mustard may be added to increase
its effect. In the absence of a bath
tub a sweating in bed will be found
quite as efficient and even better
than a hot bath, and should be pre
ferred by. all whenever the "cold"
contracted is suspected to be severe.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The woman who in zvinter
dreads *io go out, or retains her chil
dren indoors, is swayed by a foolish
misconception , and endangers the
health of her children, and her ozvn
by ignoring the law upon which life
is founded. We are the natural off
spring of this earth, and as such
we must be able to live on it under
its natural atmospheric: conditions,
whatever they are. This reason is
founded upon the facts that' the
nerves have the property or power
of becoming akin to the conditions
they are gradually subjected to.
Owing to this, if our body be kept
seasonably clad and. physically act-
assumes a winterly attitude- we
must seek to be in harmony with it
by donning zvinter clothing, and
when outdoors by keeping our mus
cles active instead of ungraciously
criticising the character of the
weather in a standstill attitude.
UNCLE SAM HAS EXPENSIVE INDIAN WARDS.
Indian bureaus are very expensive: at
least Uncle Sam finds it so, judging from
the recent report that comes from his
Cabinet. # The wards of the nation are- ap
parently not neglected, and though their
tribe la growing less the expenditure of
money for then* benefit does not decrease
rapidly. In ten years the little Indians
have decreased as they do in the Mother
Goose verse and have dropped from 32.000
to 21,500, while the. annual school annro-
prlation has Increased from $1,700,000 to "-
J3.000.000i - .
Out of an Indian population of a little .".
less than 250,000 about 100,000 are self-sup
porting, and under their own Independent
individual management spend less ' an- . "
nually on their support than the Indian - -
Bureau spends on their brothers who are ,»
yet wards of the nation; for these Gov-^
ernment supported ones cost about $600 a )¦
year, or more than $9,000,000 In -all per «y
Cold bathing in summer has been
mentioned, to avoid acquiring the
predisposition to contracting "colds/"
in the fall and winter; now we
must say that cold friction follozv
ing 7 warm bathing is the best pro
cedure by which to cure that* same
predisposition , when it has been
acquired. This should be resorted to
at the very beginning of the fall and
methods of life closely related to the
season itself . By this relation we
mean that human life should often
be associated with the outside
zueatJier in every season, because the
natural temperature of the season is
the best remedy to cure our predis
position to taking cold; we mean
that the people who live in warm
rooms day and night are those who
fall easy victims to the cold weather,
because they, as it were, "keep out
of the season," and furthermore,
wither and die prematurely.
It is much' to be deplored that so
fezv people should knozv that tlie
cold temperature tones up the nerv
ous system in the same proportion
as heat prostrates it. In fact, dur
ing the fall and winter we regain
the. nerve power that we have lost
during the summer. But this high
ly important point, though quite
conceivable, is so little realized that
a great many people shun the gen
erous and rcvigorating temperature
surfaces, and thus supply the skin
with blood and heat. The inference
to be drawn from this is that the oc
cupants of carriages and sleighs
are those most liable to take cold; a
long drive in severe cold zveather
may induce . a catarrh, notwith
standing any amount of clothing.
It is, of course, equally dangerous
for ladies to allozu an interesting
topic to retain them out in the < cold
in a motionless attitude.
When a "cold" has not been
aborted; blood oozes out of the cir
culatory system into the affected
tissues, and the trouble must then
run its course; the extravasaled
blood is there as a foreign matter,
and it has to become decomposed in
order that it may be expectorated.
The first symptoms of a "cold?
in the head, which mark the proper,
tinie to resort to the abortive treats
ment,are drynessand a prickling or.
itching sensation in the nose, sneez
ing and the beginning of a sense of t
fullness in the head. If waiting
until the next symptoms appear,
such as closure of the nose, running
secretion, headache, a well develop
ed fullness of the head, and some
times a tension and pain in and
about- the eyes, the. treatment will be
mitigating, but not abortive. '(:'¦
The same abortive treatment a£>
plies as well to a cold in the head or:
throat. Therefore, whenever after,
exposure to cold a sense of dryr.es s
and itching or burning is felt in the.
throat, it marks the beginning of an
attack, and the above treatment is
indicated. But, if waiting until
hoarseness, soreness and cough
have developed, the catarrhal at
tack will be mitigated, but net
aborted. . .
The treatment is no longer,
abortive of a "cold" in the chest ifi
not applied until the cough has de
veloped, though it will mitigate it,
blood is forcibly concentrating
there, and that unless measures are
quickly taken to equalize the distri
bution of the blood throughout the
body, an attack or catarrh or bron
chitis trill ensue. In addition to the
above symptoms, if the body has
been severely impressed by the cold,
stiffness and even pain may be felt
in the limbs, especially the thighs
and in the back.
CUSTOM OF FLORAL OFFERINGS TO THE DEAD.
: In 1 Turkey and certain parts of Asia,
where Mahometans, abound, a Mussul
man's; grave :never. - Is opened a pa In In
tiny case, says an -article in' Meehan'B
Monthly. To avoid the least attempt, the
Braves are huddled together, and imme
diately after \ the 'funeral a cypress is
planted on the "grave, so that their cem
eteries resemble a, sort of forest . In the
Islar.d of Timor funeral* often are rttardr
ed through, the necessity of collecting
funds for the funeral feler. Ai.tcoa ae the
grave is filled up a young palm Is planted.
The custom of floral and plant offerings
In homage to the dead has " been general
from time Immemorial. The ancient
Greeks not only strewed flowers over the
grave, but also planted asphodel and
mallow, because the seeds of these plants
were supposed , to serve as food for the
dead - Romans, like the Greeks, attrib
uted a special value to the rose as a
funeral flower, and left Instructions that
after death their graves be planted with
the • favorite flower.
S^AUSES— There is no ill
I . upon which the public
\^y needs more instruction than
"colds' or catarrhs, the
most common ailment which afflicts
humanity, and yet the people knozv
little or nothing of their real causes
and conditions present. An ex
position of these causes and prac
tical means of prevention and abor
tion in a light suited to the popular
eye will therefore be found of con
siderable importance.
In the first place zee must correct
the popular idea that "colds" are
taken by. breathing cold air, for no
catarrh of the nose, throat or lungs
was ever caused by the circulation
of cold air through them, In the
second place, we must impress upon
the public mind the fact that
"colds" are contracted from a gene
ral chilling of the body, or a severe
chilling- of the entire lower limbs.
When this fact\is well realized by
the people a great stride will have
beat made in the path of progress
and toward thepreveiitioii of this,
so common .ailment. . " I
THe follozving shows hpw the ca
tarrhal process takes place and its.
causes: Cold contracts . the skin,,
and: by so 4oing drives the blood
away from the parts exposed, and,
if ihe expdsitre be prolonged or the.
told very; severe the tissues be-,
¦rieath the skin will be affected in the
someway.: The inass of blood thus
drivch inwardly causes the internal
organs to pecome' congested, that is,
overfilled. ~ If this, condition be pro
longed without reaction the tension
causes the \ capillaries [(minutest
blood vessels) to rupture at the
weakest spots. : Some blood then
oozes out of the circulatory s\stem.
and stagnates in the tissues, zvhich
condition is- termed "inflammation
In contrast- to this, I can cite the
case of another girl to whom nature
had been unkind. She had not a sin
gle personal chann outside of small
and delicately formed hands and feet,
both of -which were made much of,
by the way. As compensation for her
ugliness she was given a brain which
landed her at the top of ths line of
fortune's favorites, and she is now
enjoying the fruits of it. I do not
think more than one story will be
necessary to give -an idea of her na
ture. She was dining with a number
of state dignitaries. who* were being
entertained on shipboard. It was a
brilliant occasion, and the epening
course of the elaborate dinner wag
the usual plate of oysters. She took
one and suddenly realized that it was
not all it should be. Just then a
prominent man at her right turned
toward her with a remark which
called for an answer, and all hope of
getting rid of the oyster except by
way, of the throat was gone. It re
quired some will power to avoid a
breach in good manners, but it saved
her from something far more un
pleasant than the flaj-or of a bad oys
ter—-the sacrifice of a position she waa
striving to hold against heavy 'odds.
It was by just such means that she
realized her ambitions and became an
honored member of society, not the
little circle of 400. or so fashionable
and wealthy ' folk, but the big, big
world of refined nien and women. By
tact she won, by tact she will retain
her hold upon the world.
onset.
NATURAL CURES IN NERVOUS
DEBILITY OR EXHAUSTION
8
of the cold seasons, and we find
these same, individuals, usually the
better class of zvomen, so fearful
of the winter as to rarely venture
coming in touch with it outdoors,
except in a carriage,^ where they
have to sit motionless.
By folloiving such a method of
life it is safe to say that the iveak,
nervous condition, which is the pre
disposing cause of the autumnal
"colds," will be perpetuated through
the winter, zvhercas if we follozi
the proper course in the fall, -with
due precautions, we can subject mn
nervous system to a gradual toning
up without running the risk of evei
contracting a "cold." But this ton
ing up or renczval of nerve' farce
zvhich people commonly term ''be
coming used to the cold weather'
can be acquired only by following
continued for at least a month.. It
requires two warm batlis per week,
each time immediately followed by
a thorough cold sponging, and rub
bing. Hot water relaxes the skin,
sq that the, blood ; can circulate
through it, while cold water tones
up the nervous system, and, when
combined with friction flushes the
skin with . blood, and thereby pro
motes its health and ihickming.
This method is essentially valuable
to the class of people whose business
occupations predispose to "colds"
during the entire cold season. This
class- includes all persons who work
in warm rooms nearly all day, and
all women or well-to-do ladies ad
dicted to a sedentary life and in
activity. ¦ ¦ . .
• The fear that certain persons
have of contracting a "cold" from a
cold sponging is an intolerable ab
surdity, for such an occurrence is
impossible as long as the blood is re
tained in the skin, which prevents
internal congestion. This retention
of the blood in the surfaces of the
body is accomplished by the cold
friction zvhen the skin has been pre
viously relaxed by heat.?•We are going," she curtly continued,
and she put his hat on his head and his
overcoat on his back.
He hung on to the hall tree and the
door, but she made ready, and he had to
follow. Unseen by either,- the cat fol
lowed at their heels, and after a walk of
two blocks they arrived at the dentist's.
Mr. Bowser would have run away, but
Mrs. Bowser took his hand and led him
up r the walk and into the house. The
dentist was at home, and there was an
inexorable look on his face. One glance'
at it -'satisfied; Mr. Bowser that he .could
expect no mercy, but he stammered out:
"I— I was Just fooling! I haven't got
any tootbacp* "
up. his 6leep. • Mrs. Bowser noticed how
he suffered as she. acquiesced', but : sixe
didn't express a word of. pity. She had had'
eight or ten teeth .filled or extracted, and
on- each and every" occasion Mr. -Bowser
had ridiculed her. lamentation's and made
sport of her tears. Only a month [pro*
viously, when she had had the toothache
for five minutes,- he had" heartlessly, of
fered to pull It. with a -pair of fire .tongs
and had wanted to kill the nerve wlth'a.
red hot poker. • • . .
There Was but little sleep for Mr. Bow
ser that night. He wanted to. kick and
groan and curse, but he thought of for
ceps. He wanted Mrs. . Bowser .to get'up
and apply hot hops, .hot salt,, vinegar,
mustard or something else," but the deii
"tist seemed to be looking at him' with a
cold,' cruel glare. When morning; came
he had a lump on his Jaw, ' the fires of
desperation In his eyes and a scared feel
'ing clear down to h'.a toes* ! He couldn't
eat a mouthful of breakfast, and- he said
nothing of going to the offlce. Mrs. Bow
ser sat: down with a good appetite and
took ten- minutes longer than usual- to
satisfy it. and when she rose up she said:
"You have got the toothache and wo
will eo to tho dentist."
"It's g-gone!" he whispered in reply as
he pointed to his jaw. t:-' -
"Oh, I'll yank/ It. -quick enough !|*. replied'
the man' of the forceps,' and he made. a'
- pass, . grabbed, .on ¦ to something, and Mr.
Bowser felt thV earth heave up and tha
heavens tako • a drop. There were .'tears
In his eyes as .he hatided out- his dolfa'r
arid took the tooth as a souvenir, but he
.had reached the sidewalk, before b« was
elated and exultant. He was also ready
to give Mrs. Bowser a setback, and when
she asked .how -he felt he turned- on her
' with all dignity and replied:
"What! Are you and the • blamed ¦ old
cat here? • Where've you been? I had a
. tiny toothache," and as I didn't want It
bothering around I had it pulled. Easiest
thing. in the world. I rather like it.. If it
had Been you, no-ar— But that's the dif
ference between a man and a. woman."
A singular battle was witnessed recent
ly In an English apiary. A hive of bees
was besieged by a large swarm of wasps. •
The bees made valiant sprties to try to
drive away their besiegers, and the wasps
made furious assaults to drive out the
bees. 'The battle raged for two days, at
the end of which the bees evacuated and'
the wasps took possession. "*** "
••pun it outn*
' Mr.; Bowser looked at Mrs. Bowser and
tried to make- her' understand that ha
wanted the. carity filled with soft filling
bread crumbs or cotton ".or something.
extra soft— but s'ha slmplysald tj> the den-*
tlst: • • ; • ¦-' "^'fV : . '.
•'No wonder your tooth aches* Here's
a hole big enough for a rabbit to hide Inl"
"It's &11 gone^-all gone!?
Mr. Bowser uttered a groan a yard long
arid feebly climbed Into the operating
"Open your mouth and bite on this rub
ber!" '. '• '-¦•'*¦ '¦'¦''
"It njust:!com« out!" said Mrs. Bowser
as unfeelingly as if referring to a peg In
a. board. ( ' : .. .'.'¦].
"Get hi to the chairt" commanded tha
dentist: with a murderous look in his eyes.
Christian Science/but the sinful tooth got
in an extra. Jump on him. He prayed
softly to- himself,. anu he cuTEed in louder
tones and kicked at his own feet, but
thfre was no panacea. By and by he wan
dered into the sitting-room and remarked
:that he guessed h«'d zo to bed and catch
termined, to die lifgt. He sneaked into the
parlor arid tried .'"laying' on of hands"
on his Jaw, but it was no go. He went",
and' eat ; down oh the stairs arid 'tried
ing to the dentist worked an Ice-cold
Btreak jjp and dcjwn his spine and : made
.hlstyea crack, and he -was secretly de-
had enoujrn cf hrjr around this house.**
¦ ;Mrs.. Bowser knew.' that act No. 2 was
coming, and she Y\h6 no more to say. - Mr;
Bowser started to whistle and got up and
walked Into ihe Hall, but as soon as out
of her sight he kicked himself and held
his Jaw. • When he returned he casually
rtmarked that Aguijialdo hadn't been
Captured- yet and that it was mighty sin
gular weather for that time of- year. He
in* doing his best, even to smiling at
the cat, to make himself believe that old
tooth hadn't a hollow in it big enough to
trick away a- field bean when tfce Jump
1x|t him again.. Up went his ljands and
up went his feet, and he groaned out a
sort of death" cry. The cat chuckled and.
Mrs. Bowser exclaimed:
; >What on eaith is'the matter with you
to-nisht?, -You act aa If you had the
colic." . ; .
: f'll's— U's Ju?t a; slight attack of tooth
ache." he .replied^ with a ghastly smile;
."got my big tbei damp the- other ramy
d$y, I gvess. ; -It won't amount to a row
of pins, however.".
' flf.il does, you^Il go. to the dentist's' in
the morning, of cpurse?'/
* j"(5f .'course. You don't suppose I'm the
soft of man to .suffer around wlt.i the
tdothache for six or seven years, do you?"
Mr. Bowser's. voice had no weight, in Jt
and hls s face was pale, but he had made.
Up h'a. mind to bluff the' toothache and
Mrs. Bowser in addition. The Idea of go-
(Copyrtrht. 1301, by C B. fc^illfcj.'
rM ; jr n. bowser had foomjuma He
/ \ /\ nad suspected It for two er tfarea
I / I days, but now, after ecttss
I dinner and sitting down t» bis.
1 • . . ' . newrpaper f h« w&s dead sure ef
It He had rone to and fro with a growl
lr.g at the roots of a certain old tooth, but
had thut his Jaws ar.J tried to make him
self beliei-e ft ras.or.lyi small gumboil,
which would disappear in an hour or two.
When esked by .his : office- boy If he didn't
have toothache he warned that l*d that
bis freshness would cause hlr discharge,
and when the tame question was put to
hfm fcy an old man on the street; car Sir.
Bowper had eavci5ely : answeredx-!' '-.'.•¦
••^«;u .".re un c'.d' n-.an. rir. and I respect
yoCr gray hair*, sir. but don't presume top
far on my ''.¦feoo.i ¦ r.atureV'* ¦•¦• - 1 ¦'¦' ¦ .•
I "F'ut can't i ask If : ybu .tiave. toojfh
arh*>?" qutflcd tl.e old n::tn. I " ' •
. "No, -Fir: fuii can't." Vo'ix eah mind. your'
bwn-burtrt'r*." . - .-...*' '¦ :. . |
T<fs,.here it was »ttot4* full;jeweled,
««'eli front, rubber tired case of tbothi
ec-he, «nd all ' the', peppermint ie^jience,
c)cv*s. rinr.amon oil and other remedies
ho hed vs.c& on the >!y and all the white
lifs ;t>« li*il to'.d air*. B.o«-s«?r for thr.e!e :
Cays had been In vain. As the'' "Jump'.' .
Fuddenly struck him he uttered a groan
and clapped Ut% hand to his jaw, and the
1 farqity tat walked over and sat;down in
front of him tad locked her sympathy.
¦ .".What's the isuitir with you? 1 ' queried
ilrs. Uctvier as. she looked up' Prom lier
book: ".:.':.'* : i '-':KUit
•".N-nothlng," he replied, hoping that- ho
other Jump would follow and that he
coulfl make a sneak for 'the pepper sauce
litcron. ¦-¦; '•;: ;¦ '¦ . ¦.;.
:"l\ didn'i know; but that you had the
toothache," she carelessly observed. . "If
•y<Aiv trad, I wks goings to esk you why
'you d?dn't have it pulled out." "i ¦ .
"I; think I am: old enough: and bJff
moijth |o know what to do when I have
the toothache er any other ache. .What
/ in-J.uii.Jcr is that pld" cat looking at? I've
(Cr^.yrtpfit. I«n ; by. th* Pr»«B. Pubt'.sbtTjg- Com
pary. New - York \Vbri(*.)
*p*f FEW days after the Old Grocer-
f I man's adventure on . Brooklyn
I I Bridfie the New. York air onco
V I mCf> got. into ih<? old man's blood
and he t pou'esicd • the IJad Bov to
ehow him r-oaie more of Manhattan's
glorias. •
"Let ir<? soe."' rnused the Dad Boy. <is
he fi:rt!vf!y extracted a ci^ar from t'-ia
O*d*Grocerymxn*s Vest pocket, lighted it,
took or,e puff and. threw It away with a
rr!ra.-!«-e. "have you ever- seen a prize-
fight?" -
"NVv«t!" exe!a'.med the Old Grcvory-
his eyes, "But I thought they was for
bidden In York State." ¦
"They are," assented the Bad Boy. "You
see, when Roosevelt accepted the Vice
Presidency he stopped prize-flghts here be
cause it would make him unhappy to
think of New Yorkers having a good time
every week watching iinjr battles whi'e
he was fcrccd to sit and hold down tiro
Vice Presidential chair at the Capitol
But they have the fights here Just t*ie
same."
"When It's against the law?" asked the
old man. and he tried to lock shocked.
"The law doesn't bothei them," repllel
the Bad .Boy. "They square the police,
you know."
"But," arcued the Old Groceryman, "I
was reading only the other day that tie
police c-f New York wasn't square."
"Of course they aren't!" cried the Bad
Boy. "And. that is why it's the duty oZ
every eood citizen to try to square them
But, as I was saying, every spectator .is
now expected to give the policeman in
charge $5 to sauarc him. It Is a sort of.
admission fee. you know. Then he can
go right on and see the- fight."
"But where do thev hold these 'e'*
fights?" asked the old man.
"Why, just where they've always henl
them, of course. In the bulldins especial
ly erected by the Stute for that purpose "
"But I don't rightly remember just the
name of that buildlne." And the old man
looked ashamed of his own ignorance.
"The Metropolitan Museum of Art. of
course," answered the Bad Boy.
"So" it is! So it Is!^ exclaimed the old
man, and he tried to look as if the wei 1 
known fact had only slipped his mamoiy
for a moment. "I remember now, p«r
fectly." . .
"You son," said the Bad Boy,' "they call
it the Museum of Art because it Is really
the temple of tho manly art in this city.
It's decorated and fixed up in beautiful
shape and It's one of 'the sights of the
city."
"When is the fight?" asked the old man
as he rubbed his hands together In gleeful
anticipation. ' •
"This afternoon at 4 o'clock sharp,"
said the Bad Boy. "We must start up
town in a few minutes if we want to get
there on time."
"Who is it that fights?" asked the Old
Groceryman, squaring off in" a pugilistic
attitude before the mirror.
"Why, Jeffries and Corbett, of course,"
retorted the Bad Bad. "I guess you don't
read the papers very' closely, do you?
They have been full of the subject for
weeks. Jeffries and Corbett fight fifty
rounds for the feather-weight champion
ship of Central Park. Recorder Goff is
the referee and old Dr. Munyon holds the
watch on them. Maybe you've seen a plo
: - "Pity the poMee broke- . up tho fight."
consoled the Bad Boy as he Joined the"
excited old. man. "It was one of the best
I saw." •'-. . '."..¦-. ' ¦ . ¦];. •' ' .- : ,
"Well." mused the OM Groceryman.
"it wouldn't have { lasted . much longer,
anyhow. Corbett had Jeff pretty well
licked.' He, was shaky on his legs. Any
one could see that." GEO. W. PECK.
me," whispered • the bluecoat. "I'd lug
you tothe station house. Now, clear out
before I play tunes on yoa.with my night
stick." 0- : ' ;:.:;. -..-' ¦ ¦ : : / -'': ¦¦'":. ¦-
"If It wasn't for that J5 you threw Into
"I must get nearer to that." he went on
In a treble screiclu "Out of my way
there 1" And he pushed; the panic-stricken
art: class right and left in his mad at
tempts !tb gain; the ringside, all the time
shrieking. encburageineht. to the flyhtera
and cheering '.'them on to victory.. ;- ; :/.' ~ _¦-.'
: The women In : the : art class fainted or
fled, whjle the men, convinced they had
to deal with a dangerous maniac, shrank
away.- j-. : ' - ; ¦. r \.^'.-y.:.-'.-^ ;'•..-¦••..;:;. ¦}'-¦:¦ ' '¦'.::
'¦ The .old matt had almost reached the
group. .of statuary; -when the policeman
whom, he had Vso.uare<J" grabbed him and
carried him. at arm's length to the outer
entrance. . '¦¦: z -.'i ! '¦'¦:¦;¦.'.'.- ' !' ••.-' '.
And to the old man's dimmed Tis!on
the animated statue* seemed at that dis
tance to be Intensely real, and he felt
the. wild exhfleratlon of an actual prize
fight- • •' '.': i .¦•¦¦¦- . ¦' .-;/ : ' .. '':•; :••:••;
"Gee I" y«ned t«h« Old Qro««ryman. el
bowlng JbiM -way Into the crowd, "tho
fight's on. Which Is Jeff? Boak 'in, old
chap! ' Uppercut hfznl: Bock It to him!
Two to one on Corbett! Now. then, push
him-.OTer and trample on him!'* ... .
They turned into the statuary hall and
found an art class standing before the
celebrated group known a* "Tb« Greelc
Boxers."' ¦ .¦ ; . .'¦ • ".• ' -.-
. "Don't you worry."* counseled the Bad
Boy. "We'll try. to stand near enough u»
•ee.- ¦¦ :• . : ¦¦;< .-
Therer exclaimed tie Old Oroeery
jaim, "my fun's spent. I can't only «e»
very dimly without «3***esw HowTJI
erer see the CrhtT"
As the old man leaned enrer to fallow bis
example th* Bad Boy dextrotxsly joggled
his old friend's spectacle*, which fell to
the floor and broke. ;•.-..
..•*Tou"r» ¦ right," rwptteA tn» BaA E«t.
"That's Corbetf • Vonderftxi footwork.'. to'
¦W sure." K" A he pretended t» examine
the marfcs nor* closely. ._ . : ; •.
•TO bet that's th» footwork Ty x—A
about their ' baring : si'.^rtrefightsr!. *•
cried exultantly.' ""I" :''-¦'.'_..''} ¦ v • "- :' : .' ¦ - ; ¦ . •
A» ther wandered on toward th» stat
uary hail th* Old Orocerym&n point rf
wiiflenlr to a nusiber c£ muddy foot
prints on th» Exaxbl* floor. . ' .-¦:-.•
"Well, of cows*. X meeja frame* and,
all," the old man hastened to add, fearful
lest he might have exhibited Ignorance by
wunlnff so extrsrosant e> sanv . .
"Say!" gasped the Old Oroceryman.
"they fix up these places fine, don't they?
I'll bet them pictures must have cost tn
all pretty near $100.'*
"A hundred dollars T echoed the Bad
Boy., -'/.v^W.-/:- -.'¦
"Oh. no, not as a rule," answered the
Bad Boy. "There's always a nign up.
•Children In Arms Not Admitted.' but
those are Jeffries' two little daughters,
and they always try to be present to see
their papa win. It's very pathetic. Un't
ltr* and the Bad Boy stifled an emotloa
that may have been tearful. ;
They entered the Wolfe gallery af paint
ing*.
rtri all Hght," he said. Tv« fixed
him. And now let's frequent that flsht.
Say," he added, as two toddling chllttrph
entered, followed by their nurse, "surely
they don't let kids llk» that into a. prize
fight, do they?"
' The .policeman pocketed the J3 with n
crin and the old man came baek to the
Bad Boy. - • ..¦¦'._
"My friend,' you are the>'-: living image
of my Jong-lost mother-in-law. .In token
of which same kindly accept' this 55 wfth
my love. • Not a word,- now. I under
stand!" ¦ . ¦ "."•;.-¦".:
The Old Groceryman approached the
policeman on duty, and-.. said mysteri
ously: . • ' • ¦•'.;.••: ..
"Yes." answered the Bad Boy. .. "give It
to him if you like; only do it tactfully,
and say nothing about the light".. '._.--..
"I'm P. T. Barrium," stammered tha
latter, ."and I was-. jusfshowing rny young
f riencf* her-e ho-w some of .my ilidnsj hollers'
when tbey|re hungry. That Was theiioise
you he'.ard." Artd. he scrambled up .the
Museum steps' before ..the cabman' coul.l
reply, -followed by. the Bad 'Boy. : ; •••
They 'entered the Museum; and turned
to the right into, the first. corridor,'- •'; . •-
"There's :a policeman!", whispered :the
old man.. "Shall we give him the $5?"
"I thought from the sounds inside th*
cab that you'd, made • a. mistake in: th*
adflres? and -wanted me to drive ybu-up
to Bloomingdale;" observed the driver a*
he received his pay and gazed derisively
at-the irate old, man.'. • •"" -.'" f.v •.;"%?¦:. ¦
The Bad Boy, remembering that this
•was his friend's first. experience in a han
som, spent five minutes in explaining to
him that the driver could not be seen .be-*
cause he sat behind them; but it was not
until the Bad Boy illustrated his meaning
by pointing out at least half a dozen simi
lar vehicles with drivers posted . behind
the passengers that the Old Groceryman
began to see that he had betrayed his own
Ignorance once more. ..-.-¦• ;
1 The old man sank -back in' one corner
of the cab and sat there in • a. Shame
faced silence until they drew up. in front
of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.. . •
"Where is he. then 7". clamored tho Old
Groceryman. "Show him to me. • He's
fell off, I tell you, and he's took the seat
with him."
"Sit still and shut up." whispered the
Bad Boy, again pulling his old friend back
on the cushions. "The driver's oh his
box, all right." .". ••¦'¦.
"He ain't! He's fell off! He's disap
peared, and "• as like as not he's i been
crushed to pieces tinder the wheels. **• .
Bad Boy as the Old Groceryman strag
rled to. his feet and leaned far over the
apron of the hansom and' grabbed! vainly
at the distant reins. . ' ; . ;.'.'.
"Help!" shouted, the old tnan, •'Hsrs,
boy, we're being: run .away wlthP? ¦¦
"The" horse Is barely. off -a" wallc,'* ¦ con
tradicted the Bad Boy, '-'your wheels hare
gotten queered.". • . ' . ¦•/.'¦¦ " •
"They ain't!", screamed the; seared old
man. "The hoss ingoing air by himself
and he's liable to run into something and
eplll us all over the street!: The driver's
fell oft his seat." " }[-M ;. ' '¦'••. '
"No he hasn't," paid the "Bad Boy sooth
ingly. "He's all right/' ..";-.. : : -\[ •
"I have! lots of times!", crjed the old
man. . . "' ¦ •'-..' ""
"And," pursued the Bad Boy, "Cotb+tt'a
K»cond8 are FitzMmmon« and -Mayor Van
R r yck, "while John L. Sullivan and Dr.
Parkhurst will ¦ be in Jeffries' corner.
"Toms now, we must put • a. m»v» on or
ire'U be late." • . • - ; ¦ .
Emerging Into the street .they hailed a
passing hansom, and the Old Groceryman.
¦till In a daze of excitement.' scrambled
In, assisted by the Bad Boy. '; ¦
They drove out of Broadway Into Fifth
•.venue and were half way to Central Park
when the Old Groeeryinan suddenly cunt
out of .his abstraction with a yell that
caused half a blqckful of fashionable
Kew Yorkers to stop and turn around.
?*What on earth alls your* Queried the
ture of him doing in
.THE SUNDAY CA-'.L.
PECK'S BAD BOY AND THE GROCERYMAN SEE A PRIZE FIGHT
9
MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONSjf^. ITT here In California there has
[[. ]j bean dlsqovered a boy who look*
\^r like Napoleon.
. .Queer thins, isn't It? When tor
all these ;many years pseudo descendants ¦
have been arising and trying in vain to
make good their claims: they have lack
ed the .curving:, sensitive lip, perchance,
or the great brow, or. the Incisive chin
•that would have aided their cause. And'
here comes along. Horace Da-vlson, a Kes
wlck 20-year-old, who l»as° never .paid any
more attention to Napoleon than to Ho
mer or Nero or any. other of those old
fellows who were all right In their way
but of no particular Interest to a wide
awake, u*>-to-date young man of this gen
eration. And all without knowing ( it n<9
bcara more resemblance I tQ the famous
Bonaparte than "does any, actor who
struggles with false nose, false* voice and
• false hair to play the popular part
Ho Is not quite American." A line of
Spanish ancestry on his mother* ¦ side Is
responsible for the dark. italkln* eyes, for
th.e strain of the blood is pure Castlllan.
, What is American of hum shows in the.
strength and energy of Gie. face. ;
He happened In upon tna pnotogTapher,
George ( Pam enter, on« day when the rain
was drowning out the whole country'
round, and he wora • a rain . coat of. tha
most ordinary, pattern. Th© collar was
turned up, and as Davison strode late th«
etu'dlo and stood talking thdra wttharma
folded there occurred to Pannenter a re-
Bcmblanco. He snatched an old cowboy
: •.-:-:• • ¦ i ¦•: ..-¦.. 1
hat that was at hand., with ¦ two- -pins h* , j
gav« It .the Napoleonic shape, then with
the tweak of a forelock, ho _ was' ready.
The svm hapt>ened to ai>i>ear for a' few
moments, and It vraa uulck work to »nap> .
the jwses.. • '.. : .• . • V • ¦[
Did you ever happen to read. * lltti* .
¦tory of Gilbert Parker's, (onaby ho
means Tamous). whow hero during life-'
time keeps up a bluff of being one of Na--
daily in. •size.; and; as- the demand fora
bath tub grows dallj" liar© imperative la
New York, there seems: a probability that
It. ¦ will some day reach .the proportions
suited to a hall bedroom.— New York Sun.
' ¦ ¦ ' • ¦ I '. ¦ ? »'¦' ¦ i
"^Senator Pettlgrew la asking for Infor
mation.**", remarked the. observant. boarder.
"H« needs . It," replied th« crosn-eyed
boarder. '*The trouble with, Pettlgrew is
.his propensity to give out Information
which • he "does not. i possess.** — Pittaburg
ChrorJcle-Telecraph. •' .' • " :
! ..: ..The change : In; -the sire ,6f. bath., tubs Is
";.'©ne; "-ot i.tfve^.recent phenomena. iof . New
¦ iTork's growth. r.This- valuable and cher
ished '. adjunct to ': civilization : dwindles
'¦'.' .FoMcm^.raesfrenaanis'Vritr^-'.'bTilWoie* J'W '
"£.1 filfs'iindinjaJccs.it ds^thbed -concession <}f
:'- : ih* :«*au<?, ; axj<l t^irttdd- thlttgr-ii-rtiai after
-,- : ;}ii»-;aeaiti5t ..lt:t»:aiseoTJ(a:e<i 'th^i ||j«?. was «f-'
iy ter;an»-a|ikn^t!f njtpihimijejir; ; tfcat descend-
; v . : .apt he .had T^et-iiae*. to: : ;-.:"!;*; .¦
-¦;.-¦). This '-Davlsjcm ."boy- rernlnds on© <rf th«
• made tn a perfectly clean saucepan
*rone that is- neither. burned out nor de
fective tn any otb«r way. Beat tho yolks
of three fresh eggs . until light and
icjreaoay; add a tabiespoonful of sugar and,
one of lemon jiilce, and, lastly, th© whites
Vf -three egg*, beaten; stiff. These should
be folded In,; nQtitlrred. or beaten. Put
the mixture In : the pan^-ln which & good
lump -.'jDf besti butteT haa been, melted, but
nQt.ftiirned, and cook slowly until dona.
Fold! and jserva oil a hot platter, prefer
ably; on a f old^ napkin. . This omelet ad
init3/pf ..tridelJnlti* vartatloit. : : Appetizln %
in. combination with It is; fresh pineapple*
TwtK.f ult ' tablespooins; of 'the .fresh fruit,
gratisd.; or xhqpjJedi ;are sufficient. \ Fold ta
Jpst; before seirvinsr'aniJ.-dust^tiis top with
powdered^suffai.;.';.. • ' : . •":':¦..'' '~~.-'-.'- : ''.\ v'. '.¦¦-•:'¦ ¦¦•.'
To Make a
French Omelette.
TO secure the semi-liquid delicacy of
the omelet served by French cooks,
.great care Is required. It should b«
¦ And .the hairV .Toucan build the ' girl's
whole; costume: from the way she dreases
her hair; just as Professor DTyasdust
tan construct a mastodon, from a handful
of bones and' a footprint. You- know." to a
Then what a" -volume -of comment' the
necks.cailforth. : . Not throats, as: we niore;
poetically say- when we look iipp» a front
view.. ; $y right of anatomy the: back of:
them- is the ne^k/arid: n}othlijg; : else. 'Long,
and'shor t ther. .too, are. aria; c.iirved : ah4
straight. Some slope. easily and graceful
ly into, the shoulders; so that you -can't
fqr the life of yqu tell where this one ends
and the other, begins:-. Some,, alaa, drop: a
'perpendicular. ¦: -which forms right angles
with the: horizontal of the shoulderl. - : ,:,'.: '
may. Indicate the worst thlnr possible—
the narrow, > caved-in chest. Shoulders
that droop overmuch must of necessity in
volve this kind of chest. But the slightly
floping line is lovely, even to classlcness,
and by long tradition it Is associated with
all those traits most distinctly, feminine.
Perhaps even the ancients recognized
¦ something aggressive In. the high, thrust-
Ing s'hDuldVr.- that forced its way through
.the world- osuch as a pushing; etrons
: minded elbow d6es.. •>¦• • '. •";, '. - ¦ "*.: : :
out a china jars fillpq" with. Various -old .
medicines that the mistress. "of the. hou^e
wished- :to • have ./destroyed.- -There r wre
liniments; cleansing- -preparations, pi.P.?.
lotions, powers jand scorps:df oth.cr rem-'
cdles.. . '.-., " ' :'-; I "' '.o.' •'•:;¦ ' ¦
'; - VTisoW'df _mj-:jfn^'d-'i?!;ri-* : :;a;tra-5 ; ;.r'; s^e\ftr.leij. •
h bevty well nied'elp": I ijwine fur, Kc ; ep
jehi 's.alast de qhill day." • * •¦/ ':'. : . ¦¦'.'.
'•:' ''Oh," it's no gibo'a; .th'r.o-w: .i.t- a way,' It'a
poison.", rcmohsjratedj the'; mispress. . •. '¦
\ ''Kow.he cab jJizcn. dey? •'"¦I-I'e i>erfy W«*l'
.med'ein'," the- qld' Wonia-H arsue<l. - .- "Dat
young doctor pif you'iin."; an' abery ffrcp"
dey cost money. !'cnt..*ee ?.'•*¦ : ' '. ' ¦
; "Of course.V'^afd/'. the,- "rhls'tress', >l^npK-_
tlently. "But ,thb riie.tlicinc's' 1 were Yor'siit
jferenf things arid they are- all mixed to-i
jgether now."-. : . • ¦-¦'.. "¦'
c "Den he de" ttrorest- good;' fi& bdun* fur
istrlke something wot wrong' dey on de
Inside," "and • she \ bottled' up. the mixture
safely and stored it away in spite of pro
testations, and warnings". . • . ' . ¦ .
I The matter was forgotten until a little
'friend of the woman, a small wooliy-heg.d
:ed pickaninny wfith -fried egg eye's,- feH.a
victim t.o malarial fever and a -physician
¦was summoned." He took- her tempera tuns
and left -quinine' p'owders to be adm'iriisr
jtered at Intervals. The -old woman' was
J-.ighly 'incllgnant.
= '-Dat young doctor, wot you'e der.tink
*ee do? I- tell he de young gal ha.b a mis
ery In *ee back a'n'.paln in 'eestummlck,
an' all 'ee der do is fur stick a glass stick
in de chile's motif dey. an* Jeave some dls
yere bitter flour 'ln.wite paper dey fur he
fur teke. Gle urn? No, I ent gle "em. I
measure out a lebel tea cup full dat med'
cin" I save up an' I gle !em. 'Well, no
miss," she- admitted on being questlone'l
more closely, " 'ee work 'em well endurtn'
de night, but I ent kno' w?dder 'ee cure
r*um fur true, 'case dat chile dun gone' by
'mornln'— *ee run off, and' tnt eay bo much
aa a tenk-yur ter I. Him ent hab a grati
tude," and the "old woman let 'It go at
that.
Olhrr negroes have as great faith In.
superstitious cures. < Sleeping with twigs
of -hazel crossed -under the pillow. Is be
lieVefl' to "eyre. 'a 1.1 diseases and the 'twigs
sre l-ooked'ofi. as a protection from fevers.
.Because they have been . taught that
Christ: spat. In the eyes. of. a' blind man
to-: make him- see these negroes' try' to
cure -rheumatism by spitting upon' the.
pa.rts of the body affected and rubbing
them. •' • • ' . .'.."• ' >
In the" churches oil the- days of. com
munion' the service begins as early as 8
or ¦!>. o'iclbck tn the morning and drags on
slowly.] The communion cups are filled
vvith whisky, instead of wine In" some
.caseH-;:-.2vien. arid- women .wl>*» weh.t to com
,:ni.un.K)ii.*?.arly.ln-the.service'will return to
the .altar for a second drink and- offer to
•fifjht " the _ minister if ' he ' should remon-.
strate about the' greed for .the drink.
'•'Christ blud am sweet," is the burden of
theirsong, and they will stick by the altar
until the last of- the' whisky -Is passed
around.' The singing, is often marked by
rich melody. .Their hymns sometimes
show unexpected changes, 'as 'Is Indicated
in the following exarniile: • . '¦
¦ And who built de ark, -
. Nora. Nora; /
"; '¦-¦ ', . Who' built dc' arlr.
An' ' den dey sail away.
The: Guilah negroes nave a' custom of
their own in .the manner of raising church
expenses at the Sunday meetings. . The
plates are not passed around by the
elders, but a little box is placed In front
of the pulpit and the members have to
march up, one. at a time, and drop in the
coins. If the collections are . slow the
minister- will call, up, members of the con
gregation and chide them for not paying.
» ? ¦ — ¦
Little Ethel— I guess I didn't paint that
.Calendar very well after all.
Littl© Amy— What makes you think bo 7
Little Ethei— Why. even grandpa didn't
•eem to admire It very much..— Somervillo
Journal. ,
STRANGE customs' and beliefs which !
are relics of ; ¦ barba;rfsm linger
among the so-called Giiilah negroes.
V.: who Inhabit * this sea islands near'
Charleston, 8. C. Many of them. / Etlli
ding to the custom oif ; wearing rings " In }
the nose. They differ greatly from: the-'
erdlnary negro in the.' South. Thtiriari
guage Is not. '.the same;- and.: is difficult
even for a Southerner to' understand. They
are superstitious t<i the core. *¦ !. ' "* " "•
One superstition affects tubes born with
a caul. The caul, accordingr to Island lore,
represents the qu'«?en' of. the- 1 hopdoo. ana
Indicates the presence rif a defil. which
must be cast <">ut. As isoon as the child
can be moved it is taken -out and buried
up to the knees In mud. and kept there-,
for a half-hour.' The parents and their
friends stand by and chant arid sing. The
rain may l>e beating (town on the unpro
tected head of the child*, but it matters
not, for the nejrroes believe that the child
•was born unflerthe hoodoo, and this hoo
doo must be driven from the community
rven at the expense of a life, frequently
the child dies from the exposure. Death
; has been known to occur wblle;.the little
creature was still partly buried.;. ,
The child that dies with the hoodoo re
ceive* the best burial known to the.GuI-
Jab tribe. The negroes do not mourn ;lts
dea'tb much, because they believe that it
had either to die or else be turned lnto^a
npirit which would wander unhappily over
the face of the earth. For a child that re
covers there Is honor and glory. Certain
m<in. and women on the. Island are pointed
out. for distinction because when babies
they fought with the devil witch and won.
The 'more Intelligent negroes who have
drifted to the Islands, have endeavored to
¦ titnp. the, inhuman practice of- the half
burini, hut In vain. [
• Th*n* 'people look upon medical skill aa
Airurvival 'of the black art. Some of them
will takii with. blind faith. under the nam«
of physic anything that comes from a bot
tim. trnm whl«ky to Ink. One aged negrre*s
«-a* called- into a plantation .home to takt
Queer Superstitions of Negroes
*T "»r*? «1HATB in a back?
\ A I A good deal, if we may' take
Y A/ the word of the ! up-to-date
' *" .photographer and his up-to-'
.,-.'¦¦ : : date sitter. For the fad of the
jiour, the newest . thing in photographic
and society circles/ is the picture of your
back; •¦'.:.¦.. •-'';•.• ¦
. Perhaps this is all a fad, a fashion of
the hour, that vein live not as long as. the
lovely •woman's shoulders Tvhich It. depicts
are .ctill lovely. Perhaps it ts. 1n - truth,
one of th« developments of this, new cen
tury, one that. has come to stay;-and.per
haps Us work: will be regarded as so sig
nificant that oiir children and- children's
children will be displaying :our shouider
views In antique cases and *xplalnng that
this is how our shoulders looked In ¦ the
year 190L ' ¦ .'.'.•'.• ''.¦¦¦ ¦ '.-
There can be no disputing the fact that
a woman's shoulders are as lovely (when
they are lovely, let us add) as the long
list of long-sighing- poets have made them.
No doubt they are usually carved from
Ivory or molded of. driven snow or hewn
from the gleaming alabaster. Therefore
must one not acknowledge that, being a
'tieauty, they are worth preserving In some
lasting form, such as a photographic neg
ative?;' ..-;
There are backs rnd backs, as . one
recognizes from, an Inspection of different
camera specimens. All are full and curved
else, obviously, they wouldn't be photo
graphed. But only a few have> the ador
able crease that your beauty specialists
cry aloud for. .
How much do you know of the woman
from this view of her? For one thing. If
this crease exists you can be reasonably
•ere that her figure is for the rest lithe
and rounded. Many of. good form lack
this crease, but the vice versa Is seldom
true. It Is the supreme test.
Then look at the outline of the should
ers. They may be 'long, shtfrt, high.
Floped. They may be rounded or they
may display the outline of their scaffold
ing. ¦ • :: ; , : ;
I The high shoulder Is never a mark of
beauty, although the opposite, In extreme.
A rose or a curl added unto the coiffure
and your girt has a touch of coquetry. A
droop to the head and she Is graceful; an
upward tilt and she Is haughty.
Is the fad merely a fad? Or has tack
photography a real significance?
Or some other Jocks are allowed to droop
a bit more loosely. The 'owner Is prob
ably not tailor-made at all. but given
over to the frills and furbelows of the
dressmaker, whose mortal enemy Is the
ladles' tailor. - " ;
They are gathered to the crown or top
of the head, or possibly lower. They ara
dressed pretty flat. They are puffed over
the ears. They are drawn up trimly at
the back and clasped with a Ions pin
made for the purpose. Then you know la
a minute that, she Is well tailored— that
her coats fit as. well as her skirts hang,
and that to perfection.
Aet whether stie ts mtyTUh or not, and Just
how stylish. If Bhe dresses a la mode she
Is not rolnt to wear the Psych* of a>
half-dozen years back. Is she? Xf~sh«
loves to be well groomed she 1* not going
to let her lock* loll to the nape of her
neck. ¦ .-¦¦.¦ , : ; *¦
'I ' ' , ' v ,
THE SUNDAY CAM*
10
THE SOCIETY GIRLS' LATEST PHOTOGRAPHIC FAD
A San Francisco Boy Who Looks Like NapoleonTitenla's Hand.
freight train, but sha has always said
that it paid; ¦ '•{•/-
the dancer it is as bnd; the adorned hand
la as good as helpless.
• A professional manicure attends to the
care of the hand. The nails are dally'
treated in a way to toughen' them: a
chemical preparation does the work. The
boring of the holes is a matter where,
skilled labor is needed; l( would be an
easy matter 'for a clumsy manicure to
break the nail which had been tended so
carefully and "brought to the length re
quired. • . . •
Every llttls while the 'nail must b« cut
and a new hole made. Then the manicure.
and manicured are on pins and needles all
o\-er again until the.nice operation is safe
ly through.
It la said that ono of th« rings— nail
'rings, they should no doubt- b« called—
jrice caught in a door as it was being:
shut. The door had a spring lock and the
nearest key to th© lock was a mile away.
A friend of the actress started to assist
her by cutting the nail, for time -was
precious and there was a- train to be
caught But the lady stopped him toy ut
tering piercing screams. "I will lose my
train," she cried, "but never my nail,"
And she sent for the key, waiting- a'prls-.
oner until it came, and in tha end missing,
her train. Bhe had to make her next
place of engagement by riding on a
Has a Diamond Earting Hung From Every Nail
Not only has the fair Tltenia rings on
her thumb and three of her fingers, but
she has also a big jewel moored by chains
to the center of the back of her hand and
a diamond earring hung from every nail.
In order that holes may be bored in the
tips of her finger, nails to accommodate
the sparklers, uhe has to wear her nails
very long— so long as to be quite incon
venient, one would think. You know that
the distinguished Chinese who wear long
nails as a sign of elegance are very help
less people, -having to carry the distin
guished hand about upon a cushion. With
This is her hand in the picture. It is a
novelty of novelties, the latest thing, and
to be up to data one must follow the lead
of the eccentric owner. Or at least she
thinks bo. But it is a doubtful matter
whether any one will ever deem her style
anything more than eccentric.
But it was for a variety actress to find
a new way of displaying jewels on the
hand.
of ornament and' they have for a
long time answered the purpose. In fact,
finger rings have by "many been con
sidered quite sufficient, although the cus
tom of wearing thumb rings, is by no
means monopolized by Sarah Bernhardt
and the ancients.
TUB average- girl is satisfied to adorn
her fingers with rings. . They ar©
a very old and well established form
ONE. of the mosjt- curious Investiga
tions that has been, undertaken
during the pr.esent. year is . that of
Professor C. I. Norris of Nprria &
• Rowe's big- trained animal' shdw'
which is .now exhibiting at Mechanics'
'Pavilion. . Professor' NorrlS' 'efforts 'to
study the mo'nkey. language haye lattract
ed the attention of the scientific" wbrldf.
In this Interesting 51 work he has • included
all animals from the flog to .the elephant
. He .has. developed some interesting, facti
In regard to the language of animals. . He
has found that in proportion 'as animals
have the ha.bit of standing or. w-alklng
erect, the vocal organs are more perfectly
developed and constituted. .capable of" ut
tering sounds', and that animals or ihls
kind seem to have a more specific lan
guage. ( ; . ' . . .'
That the monkey has a language of Its
own Professor Norrls has proved to ' hta
own satisfaction, and he is now able to
converse with many of. them, of course to
a very limited extent. • .
One of the .most interesting discoveries
which he has made is that several ajrnple
words used by the chimpanzee are iden
tical with native words for the same
thing. . - . . . • -.
This certainly opens up an Interest
ing field for new speculation and investi
gation in regard to the derivation 'of spe
cies. Those who deride the idea that the
human race is descended from the ape
are generally those .who have not given
the subject .any Investigation.
It Is a fact, says Professor Nor-rls, that
in Hindustan there are tribes of -apes re
garded sacred by the natives, who live
in. villages, building rough huts of
branches and leaves,- having their lead-,
ers- arid ; apparently their laws of come
kind. " ¦ ' ' :-. ; [ . •
' They come in regularly to the native
towns on certain days to collect allow
ances of food, which are made to them by
the natives. • ' • . . . . . ; . = '
When a white man visits one of thesa
monkey villages he is politely received by
the chief cf the apes, shown around and
given an intimation whea it Is time to
leave. This is one^ picture. On the other
hand. In the Interior of the island of
Ceylon theTe ts a tribe of human beings,
who live In rude- huts, made of branches
siid leaves; very much after the style of
those built by. the Indian apes. The men
and 'women of this tribe are thickly cov
ered, with hair and go entirely naked.
In -.the -way- pf speech they have only a
few-guttural notes.- They l!v© mostly -.In
the recesses of the forest.. only going In
occasionally "at night to- the . villages,
where they leave a few ¦ products which
they wish to exchange at the door of a
house, returning*. the next' night for. any
thing that may have ¦ been placed there
for them. '•' • . • ¦' . ' ¦ . .' „
Now whs shall gay where man. begins
and morikey end* between ; these txvo
races of living beings? . • -., . • •:' •
The Investigation's of Pr6fes3.or Nbrrla..
¦which he. considers as just • a. .beginning,
are certainly most: Interesting arid prom
ise to open tip to Us a new world which
up to the present time has been' shrouded
in darkness and mystery. ¦ • ' . . ¦¦-."' .-
The proressor will deliver a lecture at
Berkeley in the near future before the
students and professor ."of the college,
which promises to be interesting, to '»uy
the least.
.and this Instance proved no exception. to
the. "rule I hnd come to acceDt. ¦ - .
•Thus my peep into the :oth.er. world was
devoid of sensational Incident*. '
It was not so much the 'traditional '/bad
man" we must teach our plrls tf> guard
against— it is themselves.' S "We waste time
and breath trying to reform- men—the
ir.oralityof the future depends upon bur
women. ¦ • • .
I left the restaurant, having . made a
friend instead ot a lover, anrl it was -with
weary steps I Retraced my way to North.
Beach. It took all my courage to continue
my experiment. . • . " •' •
I lonped lor the familiar faces and sur
roundings of my own home — -.but I kept
doggedly on.
This question of livelihood was a great
big' one. Kach succeeding day It beca.tne
rrore Foriou?. • . •-•."•
I determined to prepare myself for pome
work, but I must first rind something or
• other to do— fbr by my very preparation. I
tailed in my argument.
" We are told by comforting people- that
it is always -darkest before dawn and
every cloud has a silver lining, etc., : That
night it '-was so black I eouM not see my
way before me. but the rriornfnK brought
the pood t>l(3 orthodox dawn, silver lining
and' all. It. came. in a bit of a tinted en
velopo from Mrs. A. Just a request -that
I call. . -.
It turned out that a dear friend of Mrs.
A.'s had^uddenly lost her maid, and. could
I arrange- to help Her out until she secured
another?- -She sent me to her with a note
and within an hour I had been engaged ita
lady's maid for Mrs.. C She had paid.
her former, maid' .$30— who was.- ''a Rrench.
woman and n. jewel.'-' She would give mo.
$25 the first month and raise it : the second
if I r>r6ved .to be what she d>slred_-
I spent the rest of my money for caps,
aprons and dresses suitable for my. new
station in" life, and w.hen T presented::my
self to Mrs. C. r. was as trim: a maid -as
.ever brokB a butler's heart. . •-...-
My work I actually enjoyed, ahd-Mrt.
0. proved a charming mistress. I wai
lucky in that, for things would'have-been
unbearable "had she been as some othe.rs,
and even I found that one must preservs
a remarkable evenness of temper when
two women are so'constantly together as
are mistress and maid.. ' .. ¦¦ .- •'
Before a 'week had passed I -was a
Jewel more rare than Cabrielle, rayprer
accessor, and was to hare $30 from th«
'start! . • -7 ¦ '. :---.¦
¦ I . decided before long that I was par
ticularly fitted for the- position. I could
Few fairly well and mend beautifully—
could trim- a hat and understood fully the
thousand and one :Ilttl<» things required
of the keeper of my lady's wardrobe.
I -often, grew very tired, but. thanks to
a erood. strnrts constitution. I managed to
pull .through. Then, seeln.sr life, from the
tinder side wns interesting in the extreme.
I ate with the servants, and was bo un
fortunate as to have th? English coach
man' fall In love with me. Tils endlesa
"Compliments and 'ere's to Hanne" ; still
ring. In my ears. ¦ • A ¦¦- .;•:..- .
Servants are not as wooden, as they ap
pear; It would he well to remember this.
Sometimes an intimate friend would drop>
in on my lady and Would visit with her
in her boudoir. Then if the ears, left and
right, of many good people did not burn
I shall never asain believe in prophecy!
¦ It was:., • ;- -" : •;'...; ¦-... : ;¦;¦;
¦ "Of course you won't repeat It," and •
"My husband tnld mi?." and ."
"Von know they say." etc, ;,
Shades of Tlady Teazle! When I left
the rodni: T frit like doing a pas seul with
my- own family skeleton, for he was quita
a respectable person, after all. and I his
descendant, measured by the social yard
stick, was a saint and a prude; '.'.' :'¦'.
I had entered my second month of ser
vice tyhen ' Mn. C;-.wa9 called to New-
York. She wished me to accompany her,
but that . was impossible, as - ray own af
fairs could 'not be left.. We parted almost
In tears, she insisting on. paying me my
who!-e month's wages and giving me art
old .dress of delicate blue brocade that I
had particularly admired. . The dress I cut
up and made Into two sets, consisting o£
op«ra-ba«r; chatelaine and portemonnale.
I emhrofcered ihem in steel and lace, had
o.n'e.set mounted .with the half-month's
wajpn I did not earn, and sent It to, Mrs.
C The otherset I 'kept as mementoes oC
my never-to-be-forgotten work, for they
were- honestly; earned by the . toil of my
hands and the sweat of my brow. ¦
I paid -my ortjclnal loan and had isms
left Vto the good," . : ; :
¦ No one' is so rich that h» or sh« can af
ford to be helpless, and no one is so poor
that he cannot 'help himself, and any old
c.ppybook. tells us. that- It lies -within one's
self to make or mar. . A>"NE PAGE.
Man in San Francisco Who Claims
He Can Talk With Monkeys.
Were we a city of provincials, as cer
tain disgruntled persons had said? Had
our civilization stopped short at second
girls? -Verily,.! had seen coachmen, but
lers, govurties-u's and ladles' maids, but
whence came they, and, whither did they
go? Of a surety, the "want column"
knew them not.
It still lacked several hours of 2 o'clock;
I put in the time writing notes—twenty
nvo in all— to different people, ottering my
services as copyist or secretary..' By the
tlmo I had finished It was 2 o'clock. Feel
ing Just a little queer. I started out to
apply for a position of companion. Need
less to say, I met with- disappointment.
Mrs. A. had engaged a companfon for her
Invalid daughter Just before my arrival.
1 had the poor satisfaction of being: told
that had she not already engaged a wom
an she would have "loved" to havo had
me.
You can't Imagine how I took my first
disappointment to heart, and I must have
looked very woe-begone, for Mrs. A. said,
'I am so sorry. I wish I could help you.
Is there anything I could do for you?' 1
All of a sudden the idea came tome — It
was bo brilliant it fairly staggered me.
"Yes," I replied, "you might. I am a pri
vate hairdresser and manicurist, and if I
could have a few more regular patrons it
would be a great help."
You see, It came about In this way. Mrs.
At last I was usherod into the holr of
holies— and I heard myself telling, my
tale.
. I felt like some oife acting the leading
role of a melodrama, and as I went on,
pity for myself or my part almost over
came me, and If a curtain had fallen I
would have taken it as a matter of course,
feeling, that I had iust .finished ny act.-
But my eurtain was just rlEinz. and I
was gradually taken back to earth bv
Mr. B.'s deep' and almost: gentle voice.
The voice went o.i to Quote a lot of n'.ca
I
week had passed and I could get nothing
to do — and "my precious money was fast
slipping away. I found a letter awaiting:
me— the only answer to all my twenty
five. Mr. B. reaue3te 1 Miss Page to call
that afternoon at n. It was Just ten min
utes to. and I rushed out and got on a
car, almost overcome by conflicting
thoughts. One moment I imagined that
I was about stepping into a pleasant po
sition; the next, that .it was merely a
goose chase and would end In disappoint
ment, : like all the re3t. .
On arriving at the oflce I was requested
to 'wait. Mr. B. was engaged. During
the seeming hours I sat there my ardor
had time to cool. I tried to evolve thij
man from the . surroundings and . finally
rave it up. -decidine that his office and
furniture had evidently landed there from
some chaotic tumbling of the world from
all points of the compass. v -j
We were shown into a room, which has
its counterparts, no doubt. It was velvet
as to carpets, chintz paper as to wail,
showy as to furniture.
A table was set. My host ordered a
dinner, which showed him at one© a bon
vlvant and an epicure.
Having dined In many climes In my life,
that dinner stands out aa best selected.
He was charmed , to find me an apprecia
tive guest.
We talked of many things and I found
him a brilliant conversationist; He
punctuated his sentences with "Little
woman,'! "my dear," etc., etc. But I en
deavored to avoid personalities, hoping
that by keeping in the middle of the road
I might steer clear of possible smash-ups.
My experience with men had been lim
ited to my brothers, and the men ..one
meets in general; society. From this I
had come to judge the American male as
a rather fair sort of an animal than other
wise. He was not as a rule brutish, and
had a good sense of justice— also the truth
of an. old saying had always seemed sen
sible, "It takes two to make a bargain"—
my sisters were. unable to resist. I would
see for myself. "
I turned and with an embarraesed lauch
accepted his invitation. I felt Ilk© on«
plunging head first Into the water for the
ilrst time, and something caught mo In
the throat.
5EVENTT-FIVE per cent ol all the
furs worn Jn the world are ol Amer
ican product. The only ones of im
portance which arc found in Europe
ere Rur<is:i *a.bl*. ermiiie. diver fox and
mink. Persian lair.b rom«f, as Its name
indicates, from the Orient. a« do alto the
actra khans. No furs are obtaijicd In Eng
land. ntBC* or Switzerland. A few L<ftum
martens ftr.d <onty* fthe latter the old
Enslifh name for rabbits) are obtained in
Germany. H<:al. Hudson Bay sable, otter,
relink. !.»ec\cr. fifcher. lynx, every kind of
fox and b»ar and wolverine are all «:
their belt in America. ,.;
Russian t-ab!«\ ott*r and Ktai skins are
the rnopt valuable furh and &r« alwnye.
because of their durable 'luailtif-s. a good
Inveftmrnt. sable; after fifty year* of
wear, ttill showing the luster" icr. which
It is famous. . -
Mor*- <lc-p^nd« upon the care given to
furs vvhilf they are not la use than upon
the actual uejr, the' httt from the body
renderirj them soft and p'.iable and in
that vay.actlns a«. a. preservative.
The best sable was oritfnslly retained
fcr the exclusive use of the Czar's family,
end the very dark 6kins are consequently
known as "imperial" sab!c. Some of the
Hucson Bay sjble is dark and rich and
to much like th* Htispian that only an-ex
pert can detect it. The i.ghl skins of both
the Russian ah1 Hudson Bay are colored
In a skillful manner and are often- sold
for the natural skins, but they lose their
color rapidly. . . .*. **,
The stone marten [f a relative of the sa
ble and is four.d in ' the mountains of
Grec'-p. Valentia and adjacent countries.
The fitch, which is used largely in Europe
for coat linings. Is another member of the
Mime family.
The mink If larger than the weasel,
but resembles it in shape and movements.
The finert skins come from Labrador and
the northern part of Canada, those of
more noutherly sections beiftsr of a. light
er' hue. The skin of the mink is used a*
a totem by the Indians. It is said that
the little animal is easily tamed and be
comeB much attached to human friends. .
The skunk, which is known to com
merce as the black marten, or Alaska
HRble. produce* the best and roost dura
ble medium priced fur In "the markot. In
thlp. »¦* In other animals, the darkest
t=kins are most valuable.
Chinchilla, the moat delicate and ex
quisite fur* ln the world, is obtained in
South America, The little animal which
»rars it. and which re«embles a Uliputian
kangaroo' because of its extremely long
hind lees, is found Jn great numbers be
tween the hil!s of Chile and Bolivia. To
Its strict vegetarian diet, for Its food
consists almost entirely of bulbous roots.
Is ascribed the silky texture of It3 fur.
The most rare and mostly of fox fur is
the silver fox. and although it is found
on both continents not more than two
thousand skins are procured annually.
The cross fox ranks next in value, the
darkest skins of which can hardly be told
from th« lightest ones of the silver fox.
The beautiful brush and rich color of
the red fox make It. popular always. The
fur of the blue fox. which is of a pur
iilifh 6late color, is obtained in Greenland.
Labrador and the Alaska Islands. Only
in the frozen regions of the far north la
the white or Arctic fox found. The fur
of this animal is pure white in winter,
except for the tip of its tail.
Virginia and many of the Southern
States produce the eray fox.
Do You Know Where All the Furs in
the World Come From?
£"r"v HE question was t>eln* discussed oy
1 a number of men and women in
I one of our leading: hotels. They
I represented Quite well the various
.'"'¦Jj ¦' types of our to-called democracy,
and these people asserted that It was next
to impossible for a young woman who had
been brought up amid comforts and lux
ury, untaught In any useful occupation, to
earn h<er bread and butter.
"No," said one, "there are too many
temptations for a girl in Ban Francisco
— why. look at our French restaurants;
they stand a testimonial to our argument
—but one- third cf tfietr patronage is from
the demi-monde; two-thirds are the. very
class I am speaking: of— the girls who hav
been well born and gently bred, who
have been thrust suddenly upon the
world to cam their own living. Can any
other city boast of such a number of
flourishing restaurants? Can any other
city offer cuch inducements?"
"I do not believe it," I said, indignantly.
"All, but you don't know; now take
your own cbm. What could' you do to
morrow?" • " •• •; ' .:•>
"Why," I Btanrr.ered, "I— I don't know."
"There you are."
The hot blood rose to my cheek as they
all laughed at rcy defeat. .
"The fault lies," ho continued, "in the
education of rirls. This is a day of spe
cializing. They should be taught to do
one thing well, so that If t"he time shouid
come It will be of market value to them."
From this the conversation drifted to
the educational policy of other countries.
On going to my room that night I pon
dered long on the Question, that had re
mained uppermost In my mind. No, to bo
fure I did not know, but I refused to be
lieve or accept their view, and determined
to find out ror myself and If possible prove
them wrong.
I planned nay course of action. Her«
m-as I a typical ca.se, competent in no one
branch. I had tho usuai smattering of
this, that and the other thing, but It was
too true- What could I do that was of.
market value! . •
The next meraJng I left the hotel without
taking a. cent with me. I had. however, a
verv handsome ring, on which I hoped to
realize enough to istert me. This, I con-
slderefl a reasonable thing to flo. ror a girl
usually has something personal of value,
and the pawnbrokers are open to all. I
visited several and was much surprised '.«>'
learn that the most they would give me
on it was $C5. I did not leave It, but hur
ried to my brother's office and asked him
to loan me J25 on my ring. To say he was
astounded was putting it mildly. I has
tily told him my plan, at which, of course.
he laughed, and as I left th<» ofn>e he
called after me, "I say. Nan. don't be too
rash," on the tall of which I detected
Just the suggestion of a miid sneer.
Rash! ' Indeed. 1 had never been w sane
In all my twenty odd years.
The next thine to do was to secure a
boarding plate. I went to nice In all and
found nothing that a giri earning her own
living could begin to afford — and Just
here, let me say, does she make her lirst
mistake.
She gives almost all she earns for a
miserable attic or hall bedroom that she,
may have her address in a fashionable
neighborhood. •. .
Boarding wa* out of the question. 1
must seek lodgings.
Putting the rejjion of boarding houses
behind me I turned my way to North
B*ach. This part of the city, which was
at cue tlnu; a fashionable quarter,
abounds in roomy old-fashioned houses,
long fcince the home of our foreign ele
ment. Here I thought I might possibly
run acres* something suited to my purse.
Almost every other house announced
"Furnished rooms to let," but the major
ity was so uninviting on the exterior thai
1 did not venture In.
I came upon a group of women, how
ever, which attracted my attention. They
wire st-attd on a doorstep, and :he tiling
which caused me to stop was the spotless
white apron on one of them. Looking up
I raw the usual sign, and upon inquiring
I found that she of the apron had a fur
nlthod room to let. I followed h*r up
stairn t>nd she showed ms a room which
was "mine" at once.
It had been newly papered in a dainty,
unobtrusive tan. had two large windows
¦with clean ecru curtains shading them
nnd very fair furniture. The «un
streamed in, flooding it with light and
warmth.
The price?
Five dollars a month In advance.
I paid it Immediately and said I would
send my trunk on the following day.
nire, tnen, 'was my nifme. F^rofn ,W/»
would I work my problem. •
Her© was I— and my trunk! I had Just
nineteen dollars in my purse t and the
knowledge = of a roof over my h*ad for a
month. I must eat. . I called her Mrs.
Bangs. • I arranged w}th her for break
fast every morning for. 10 cents. At least
I was sure of one meal a day.
I unpacked my trunk and arranged my
ind'.3j?er.gables and few books, etc.,
around the room. I then sat down and
surveyed. my home.- and the vote of one
carried the pouse that it was clean, warm
and comt'cftablo.
Now to work.
I pot a paper and for the first time. In
mv !lfe read through the female heip
wpnteu column.
It v.-ps maddening —
Experienced cook wanted.
Kxperienced seamstress.
Rxperienced laundry girls.
Experienced nur«» for child.
Experienced waitress and parlor maid.
This was my first slap in the face.. I
was Inexperienced: but as hope was flee
ing I saw tucked in at the end. last but
not lqa^t: "Refined woman as compan
ion; call between 2 and i — street."
a. mfsrht have - Ripen : -a beautiful woman
had she 'not • patronized a professional
hairdresser— I could see that at a glance
but, thanks to him or. her. *>he emerged
•with a coiffure which suggested a. corru
gated roof surmounted by a cleverly,
twisted chain with a coupling pin down
the b.ack! '. .
It was positively iron-looking:.
Xo wonder-it Rave her face a" hard ex
pression. Then her hands and nails,
though clean, were badly kept..
Now. I was but one of a vasf army of
American girls who had always ho«Ti her
own rruiiii. 1 had been told that I dressed
well— in fact, It was one of my few tal
frits. Give me " a rapr, a bone mid a bank
of hair." and I could turn out. not a. vam
pire, but a creature of fascinating sien
dwrness. who would be rnude to use what
(Jod had given her with a grace ana
charm of a Hernhardt or a Guibbert.
/ j hart never thought of this faoitlty be
ing of "market value" to me; hut so it
proved. Leaving my new address and
references. 1 left, never expecting to hear
again from Mrs. A.
I returned to my room one afternoon
tired, disgusted and ready to cry— a whole
platitudes anent woman- and" her sphere.
Her place was the iiomq-and the fireside.
She should be shielded from the buffets of
the ¦world, etc., etc. • ' : .^. .
"Yes. I quite agree with -you. 1 ' I replied:
"but the fact remains that many women
are forced (o earn tholr own living. They
seldom do it aa" a matter of choice.
I arose, fee'lng I eouid no longer listen
to' him. and keep ray .temper. To think
that I, tired .and hungry, had rushed mad
ly down town {o hear a sleek, fat, we'.!
groompd man tell me the -world was haril!
Una I not discovered It for myfeelf?
Had T not seen ¦something of the scram
ble for existence?
It Pfemcd like the last straw — but it
wasn't.
"We can discuss this' matter'at dinner.
If you. will join me."
¦ I could have strangled him, and th*
temptation to toll him everything then
and tlirro— tQ throw the whole thing up— to
acknowledge myself ben ten— held com
plete ijway for n moment.
Then I. pulled myself tosether.
Here was the temptation — the golden ap
ple -which I had been told two-third3 of
THE BUND AY GALL.
11
Can a Young Woman
without Preparation
support herself in San FranciscoTHE SUNDAY CAUL.
12Questions of Precedence Concerning Justices and Em
bassadors Settled===Admiral Dewey Will Ride
in the Parade With General Hi les.
WASHINGTON IN READINESS
FOR SECOND INAUGURATION
OF PRESIDENT McKINLEY
Pages 13 to 22
O
Pages 13 to 22
TWO NOTED SPANISH STATES
MEN WHO WILL FORM A
NEW CABINET. ' '
GRAND MARSHAL. OF THE GREAT INAUGURAL PARADE AND SOME
OF THE NOTED MEN WHO WILL ATTEND THE CEREMONIES AT
THE NATIONAL CAPITAL TO-MORROW. < : J ' :¦ ' :
RUSSIANS BEATEN BACK
BY MOUNTED BANDITTI
SHANGHAI, March 2.— According to a
dispatch from Newchwang, 3000 Russians
engaged 10,000 mounted banditti near
Shlngking recently. The Russians re
tired to Moukden. They lost "one gun and
twenty were killed and thirty wounded.
tion adopted a few days ago.
The second paragraph of Rear Admiral
Sampson's indorsement. ; to which tho
Secretary referred, reads: "Mr. Morgan
has good professional ability. He also
has, which distinguishes him from most
other warrant officers, a gentlemanly
boarlng. If he were to be commlsioned as
an ensign ho would probably compare fa
vorably, both professionally and in per
sonal conduct and bearing, with other offi
cers of that grade as far as technical exe
cution; would permit."
The Secretary hu been earnest in his
efforts to Improve and advance the inter
ests of enlisted men. and his recommend
ation for the opening of commissioned
grades to them is in line with his policy.
CALL BUREAU, 14o6 G STREET, 5T.
W..- WASHINGTON, March 2.— Secretary
of the Navy Long has mnde this indorse
ment on the -. correspondence between
Rear Admiral Sampson and Gunner
Charles Morgan:
"Referring to the second paragraph of
Rpar Admiral Sampson's indorsement tha
Bureau of Navigation will give Gunner
Morgan an opportunity to compete 'for
a commission as ensign in case tho neces
sary provision in tho naval appropriation
¦bill, now pending, shall become law, and
In case he meets the requirementa
thereof."
This indorsement and correspondence
was received by the Senate to-day from
the Secretary, as requested by a resolu-
TO CONNECT ATLANTIC
AND PACIFIC COAST
Construction Begins on the Last Sec
tion of the Northern
Railroad.
PANAMA. March 2.-The Herald's cor
respondent in Guatemala telegraphs that
construction has begun on the last sec
tion of the Northern Railroad. This Is to
connect the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
There is a gap of sixty miles of difflcult
mountain railroad building, and it will
take thirty months to finish this. The
Construction Is being done by an Amer-
Iccn company. '¦>,. : ,
AMERICAN WOMEN TAKE
A TRIP IN A BALLOON
' Congress has. assembled to consider im
portant measures looking to the financial
Improvement of the country-
Among Those Who Accompany Du-
mont Is a Los Angeles Girl to
Whom He Is Engaged.
PARIS. Marclf 2.— Santos Dumont. the
Paris nrronaut. who has fallen from tho
clouds thrice while navigating the air.
took up a party of American women from
Mcntone Thursday. The wind was blow
ing ii-lnnd and the balloon landed safely
near GraJ*e. Among the party was Miss
6ts.nr.ard ;f rom Los Angeles, Cal., who is
eaid to be engaged to marry Dumont
DRIVEN TO SUICIDE -..- \ -.; '; '-,'.
... BY POLITICAL. ENEMIB3
Solicitor* General Polhill Found Dead
in the Courthouse at Macon, .
Georgia.
MACON. • Ga.. March 2.— Solicitor" Gen
eral Hope Polhlll. of this circuit of th«
Superior Court, one of themost prominent
men In 'the State.' waa found dead In ths
courthouse this morning with a bullet
hole In his head. All the gas in the room
was turned on, and it Is believed he com
mitted suicide..
It 13 believed here, that Mr. Polhlll was
driven to suicide by political enemies. It
is claimed that numerous attacks were
made upon him. of which he said, nothing
except to his wife. These attacks are
ii 111 >i> tiHHi pmn|M"l on hia mind. When
"Tntc£n»5*-of--fc«i^5a>tjind's death Mrm.
¦^jhilJ-^eSy-a^idN^SiIan'* inhumanity.
COOPER DENIES THAT .
: . ." : . HE IS A BIGAMIST
Says He Would Bather Die Than Go
:V.'.'. Back to San Qurntin
...... ' Prison. / ' .' •-. '
OGDEN, Utah,. March 2>-Harry Cooper.',
who was arrested Thursday night . on. • a
charge of forgery,' has .confessed that he
recently served a term in San. Quentin
penitentiary and that If tie- was returned
to California he would be- sent over tha .
road. The confession was made to De^- . : ¦
tective Pender and .Chief of Police Con
llsk. Cooper, however, -still Insists that h«" '
Is not. a bigamist. The prisoner denied .;.
tho confession to the Associated. Press °
correspondent, but - the police pronounc*
It true. Cooper was racked, with remor.se . ¦
to-night. He paced the floor, of his cell,
and. to Chief Conllsk said he wo'uld rather j .*
die than bo returned to. San Quentln, a* -
he knew what it was there.'
the far _ end of the platform. The party
wenf at once to Commander Cowles' resi
dence. Where the Vice President-elect will
remain "until after the inauguration. ; : ;
tlve of his sovereign they do not see how
they can properly attend the proceedings
unless they axe given the recognition al
ways accorded abroad to foreign repre
sentatives of their high rank. ;.>•*'- -,.vV
Admiral Dewey and ¦ General Miles.
Admiral Dewey, although far from, well,
will probably appear in the Inauguration
parade and at the ceremonies at the Cap
itol, but his declination to attend the in
auguration ball will stand. The admiral's
physician will not permit him to go out
after nightfall. As soon aa he feel3 strong
enough to stand a railway Journey the
admiral will go to Florida. In the Inaug
uration parade Admiral Dewey will ride
with Lieutenant General .Miles and be
seated on the righthand side of the car
riage to denote his seniority over the com
manding general of the army.' One of th>
admiral's personal friends and official as
sociates denied to-day that the admiral's
declination to attend the Inaugural ball
-was caused by the selection of Miles as
chairman of the ball committee, of wh'.ch
the admiral is a member.
Colonel Roosevelt and Family.
Vice Presldent-eltct Roosevelt, accom
panied by his wife and children, reached
Washington at 4:50 p. m. on the Congres
sional limited train of the Pennsylvania
Railroad, which was more than an hour
late, owing to the crush of Inaugural
travel. His entry was' as quiet as could
well be imagined. Mrs. Cowles, his sister
and wife of Commander Cowles of the
navy, was at the station to meet- him.
Owing to the confusion of • schedules it
was difficult to tell one train from an
other and the probability. Is that she
would : have missed her distinguished
brother in the hurrying crowd had not
one of Colonel Roosevelt's Rough Riders
come to the rescue.
Catching Mrs. Cowles by the arm he
rushed her through the crowd to head oft
the Roosevelt party, at that moment
wedged between a Daggage truck and the
side of ths car. Tha children were kissed
all around and then' the party stepped apt
of a Bide exit, avoiding the dense tlffocgr
of. seoalA waitinx behind the rautaW??*
CIVIX GOVERNMENT
FOB THE PHILIPPINES
Present Officials to Continue in Office
Until New Law Is Put
in Force.
WASHINGTON. March 2.-Following
close upon the approval of the army ap
propriation bill containing the amended
Spooner appropriation for a provisional
government in tha Fnillppines the Presi
dent will issue an executive order desig
nating General MaeArthur and all other
officials cf the present military govern
ment as the persons to administer "all
military, civil and Judicial powers neces
eary to govern the Philippine Islands."
In other words, the government will con
tinue under a new designation of author
ity from the President until arrange
ment can be made for the "establishment
of civil government and for maintaining
end protecting the inhabitants of said
Islands In the free enjoyment of their lib ¦
erty, property and religion."
The President will act on the line indi
cated simply as a precaution against r-os-
Bible legal or International complications.
A general plan cf civil government has
been formulated by the Secretary of War
and referred to the Philippine Commls-
Eion for its consideration. It will be for
the President to determine when and how
the new government shall be Inaugurated.
It seems to be settled that Judge Taft
will be the first Civil Governor of the
Philippines and that General Chaffee will
have command of the military forces.
make a clean slate he will be able to do
so without undue publicity. The Duke's
mother; Consuelo. Duchess of Manchester,
Is hopeful that the young American
Duches3 will "oe able to Induce her hus
band to take that place In public life for
which ho possesses undoubted talent-
Before the wedding the King, as Prince
of Wales, Is known to have taken deep
interest in the young Duke, which is like
ly to be useful In shaping his future ca
reer. '•¦•*'•"'¦/¦
Lieutenant Stecle, with twenty men of
the Forty-third Regiment, has had a
fierce engagement with insurgents on the
Upper Layog River, this ' island. The
enemy, numbering forty-two rifle and one
hundred bolo men, the combined bands
of Kaplle, Moxlca and Esplna, were
strongly intrenched, but were defeated.
The American casualties were Private
John Crirnmins of the Forty-third and two
native scouts killed.
North of a line drawn from Dulag to
Ormoe affairs in Leyte are satisfactory.
Few rebels are left in that district,
schools have been established in which
English is taught, business has been re
sumed, the lands are being cultivated and
there is considerable shipbuilding. South
of this line, however, the garrisons are
Insufficient and the situation is more se
rious. The country . swarms with bands
of rebels, and the real work of American
occupation is Just beginning.
Lieutenant Crockett and his company
of Hollo scouts have had a skirmish with
Geronlmo's band In the mountains of
Morong province. Several rebels were
killed and fifteen rifles were captured.
American Herchant Accused of Aiding the Insurgents
Is About* to Resume Business.
Special Dispatch, to The Call*
MANILA. March 2.-D. M. Carman, the
American accused of furnishing supplies
to the Insurgents, was released this morn
ing on a personal cash bond of $10,000 In
gold. The provost marshal recommend
ed the acceptance of ball, as Carman's
physicians had certified his further In
carceration would have a bad effect on
his health. He will be allowed to go to
Marlveles to recuperate.
There Is Inside Information that con
firms the rumors that Carman will be vin
dicated. It Is believed his release on
bond is merely a temporary measure
pending his discharge. He will also be
permitted to resume business and bid for
Government contracts.
The Philippine Commission will organ-
Ire provincial governments in Rombon,
Bohoil and Hollo provinces and probably
In Cebu, Zamboanga and* Mindanao. Pos
sibly similar governments will be Insti
tuted In other provinces. It is understood
that Sulu and other provinces populated
by Moros will retain their own tribal gov
ernment under treaty.
TACLOBAX, Island of Leyte, March 2.—
SECRETARY LONG INDORSES
GUNNER MORGAN'S APPLICATION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Second Chapter in the Controversy That Brought So
Much Criticism Upon Sampson.
MANCHESTEB'S RETURN
IS EAGERLY AWAITED
Duke's Mother Hopes He Will Take
Prominent Place in Public
Affairs.
LONDON. March 2.— Considerable satis
faction is expressed in other than legal
circles over the early return of the Duke
of Manchester and his American Duchess,
as she is known. The Duchess" father,
Mr. Zimmerman, accompanies the couple.
The satisfaction is all the greater ow
ing to the prospect of the Duke's finan
cial affairs beir.g finally cleared up. The
whole amount is by no means desperate.
Some of the claims are certain to be op
posefl. but no doubt is felt that when the
American business man settles down to
CARMAN RELEASED ON A BOND
AND MAY SOON BE VINDICATED
WASHINGTON March 2.-Tho
last day but one before tho
specified time when. William.
McKlnley of "Ohio is to be in
augurated for the second time
President of the United States finds Wasn
ington In complete reaxllness for .the re
ception of the thousands of visitors who
are traveling to the nation's capital. To
day the streets of the- city presented a
holiday appearance and were thronged
with strangers. An Important announce
ment was made to the effect that. Lord
Mlnto, the Governor General of Canada,
will attend the inauguration exercises
Monday. An Invitation was extended to
Lord Mlnto by Lord Pauncefote. the Brit
ish Embassador. The outlook Is for clear,
fine weather. . -
Distinguished Men Arrive.
The. streets of the capital to-day began
for" the first time to show the effects of the
rapidly Increasing population that will
make the city a seething mass of human
ity for the next week. The railroads to-day
reported heavier traffic than at the same
date previous to the first McKlnley Inau
guration. Trains into Washington began
to arrive this morning in from two to five
sections. It is too soon yet to make any
definite predictions as to the total number
of visitors, but the arrangements of the
committee on public comfort are in ex
cellent shape and theie. is no doubt as to
the capacity of Washington to adequately
house as many as shall arrive.
For Military Organizations.
Governor Odell of New -York came to
day. Lieutenant Governor Timothy Wood
nlff of New York got in yesterday and
Governor McLean of Connecticut late last
night. Governor Tate3 of Illinois and Gov
ernor Shaw of Iowa aie expected to-mor
row. The first contingent of the Pennsyl
vania National Guard arrived this morn
ing and was escorted to Quarters by the
committee.
Business -was largely at a. standstill In
the Agricultural Department to-day, ow
ing to the regular office force being turn
cl out to make room for a number of
niiltary organizations that will be quar
tered In the building. - ,.,....,
The Porto Rlcan battalion arrived this
evening about ; 9j o'clock and • proceedacl
directly to the War Department, where
they, will be quartered during their stay
in this city. ( .
Governor Longlno of Mississippi arrived
this afternoon.
Justices and Embassadors.
Some apprehension has been aroused in
the minds of the more liberally inclined
visltprs and residents at the threat of ths
Anti-Saloon League to see that the mid
night and Sunday closing . law Is rigor
ously enforced. The league has appoint
ed a vigilance committee of 100 to keep
watch on the saloons and report any vio
lations of the law. At previous inaugura
tions considerable latitude has been al
lowed by the police in this direction.
Tho Justices of the United ¦ States ' Su
preme Court will precede the foreign Em
bassadors In the Inauguration ceremonies
in the Senate Chamber, but the foreign
Embassadors will be given precedence in
the procession to the platform where the
President will be sworn in. This is the
dictum of the State Department. Lord
Pauncefote, the British Embassador,
called at the State Department this after
noon arid aa dean of the diplomatic. corps
discussed with acting Secretary Hill the
action of the inaugural committee in plac
ing the Embassadors after the Justices
during the proceedings In: the Senate
Chamber. Hill explained that the Jus
tices represented one of the co-ordinate
branches of the American Government,
and besides participated actively in the
ceremonies, the Chief Justice swearing In
the President. While Embassadors par
ticipate' in the proceedings, they do so . as
spectators, and the State Department in
sists that their proper place in the Sen
ate Chamber isafter the Justices. . - *>
Lord Pauncefote was apparently satis
fied with this explanation, but from what
can' be learned lt,is doubtful If the other
Embassadors will be satisfied. It would
be an Insult to their sovereigns, from
their point of view, ' to be seated after
Justices of the Supreme Court. If" a, sov
ereign were in attendance upon, the cere
monies bV, would, they declare, 'be given
precedence over the Justices, end aa each
Enabaasadox la th» sersonal resresen£a~
MADRID, March 2.— The Queen
Regent has charged General
Azcarraga to form a new Cabi
net. He reDlied that before ac
cepting he must cdnsult with
Senor Silvela. The affairs of Spain were
in a turmoil over the question of army re
organization when the people -were still
further enraged by the marriage of tho
Princess of the Asturias to the son of a
noted Carlist. Silvela is regarded as a
statesman of great tact and Is expected
to aid In the selection of Ministers who
will safely guide Spain's ship of state and
pacify the populace as ¦well.
POPE SPEAKS
ON BIRTHDAY
ANNIVERSARY
Alludes to Dangers
Tliat Now Menace
France.
His Holiness, Though 91,
Delivers a Most Vigor
ous Address.
ROME, March 2.— During the reception |
en the anniversary of the birth and the
cppolntraent of the Pope his Holiness to
day made an address. In. the course of
¦which he Eald:
"It is one of God's acts of benevolence
that, enfeebled by age and fatigue, we do
rot succumb under the difficulties -which
Ftlll come to place obstacles before the
free exercise of action lay the church.
Impudence, calumny and other Iniquitous
means are exercised freely against the
church, which alms only at the good of
humanity."
After explaining the situation of civlliz
ction he eulogized those who had ac
quired Importance In the propagation tfi
Christian civilization.
Menaced by Grave Dangers.
"By such importance Catholic France,"
paid the Pope, "is more than ever rich
and justly proud. However, she is actu
ally .menaced on this account by grave
dar.fer?. This, indeed, might be a mis
fortune and a calamity to the intere§ts
of religion end the country if the tem
pest tvhich threatens to disperse such
j^-rious efforts and such fine hopes does
pot turn aside."
The Pope invoked the aid of God to
this end. He accused especlaly the evil
sects which are unanimous in combating
Catholic institutions, in order finally to
destroy them, if that is possible. He
does not. however, fear for the church,
which Is strong in divine promises, and
even draws therefrom a virtue and a new
clcry. His Holiness eulogized Catholics
In the entire world who are tractable,
reverencing the church.
Chief "Regret of the Pope.
His chief regret -was the blindness of
certain men, and he asked -with bltter
ness -what would become of future opera
lions if inspired by such principles, which
are a bad omen. His Holiness reaffirmed
the imprescriptible rights of the apos
toiic See. "of which the Pope Is not the
rrbitor, but a trustee or guardian, whose
duties are eacred." •
Alluding to his last encyclical he ealfl
he Judged It opportune to declare that
the "best means of. being useful to man
kind is to watch over that which Is ln
eFiiir.ahle to God. which Is harmony In
til classes." .
Vancouver Officer- Gets Commission
* for Colonial Service.
ORDERED TO EOTJTH: AFRICA.
VANCOUVER. B. C. r March 2.— A sen
sation was caused to-day by the receipt
of a commission by Major C. C. Bennett
of this city to Join the new force of con
stabulary for South Africa as second
senior captain. A regiment of 700 men Is
being formed In Canada for police work
In the Transvaal, to go on duty under
General Baden-Powell. Captain Harry
Burstall will be In charge of the whole
of the Canadian contingent, which will
sail from Halifax in two weeks.
Major Bennett came Into notoriety at
the military headquarters at Ottawa two
months ago when ne was reported there
for calling the men of his regiment in
Vancouver a pack of curs. They had not
turned out In a snowstorm to a church
parade and Bennett took occasion to be
rato them soundly. The matter was taken
up by the military authorities and Major
Bennett was dlsclDliried. So strong did
the feeling against him become that he
was obliged to read an apology to the
regiment, assembled for drill, in which he
asked the pardon of every man In the
ranks for the words that had been so
hastily epoken. Thla apology had barely
been made when Bennett received word
that he had been appointed to the coveted
position to go to South Africa.
— ?
pimsTjrr of general dewet.
Daring Boer Leader Reported to Have
Become Demented.
LONDON, March 2.— The Hopetown cor
respondent of the Times, in a dispatch of
February 27, which describes Colonel
Plumer's pursuit of General Dewet, which
has been. continually hampered by heavy
rains, says:
"Since Colonel Plumer's attack at
Wolvekrult. February 15, the invaders
have behaved like harried hare?. The re
port that Dewet had crossed the river
arose from some small parties crossing in
a boat at Marks Drift, where Colonel
Plumer prevented the crossing of tho
main commando and took one hundred
prisoners.
"After, the capture of Dewet's guns,
February 23, the enemy were In full re
treat end ought to have fallen into the
hands of the column from Klmberley, but
they slipped. past m the night, recrossed
the railway and are now trying with
Hertzog- to recross the Orange River at
Sands Drift, but Herizog*a commando has
melted away, the majority having been
dispersed or having surrendered. %X
. "Dewet, In hlB fanaticism, is reported
as demented. It !s said that he flogs
everybody and that Haasbroeck.who has
a commando, refuses to co-operate with
him."
LONDON, March 2.— The war In South
Africa has again reached a stage which
the British newspaper critics are pleased
to call the- eve of the termination. Ru
mors of the surrender of General Botha
and the collapse of all Boer resistance
flourish, to the great benefit of South
Africa stocks. That those who are most
responsible for carrying on the war do
not share this optimism is perfectly evi
dent from Mr. Broderlck's official utter
ances and the evidence of his friends, In
cluding Lord Roberts. Their carefully
prepared campaign of thorough organiza
tion which has been quietly maturing dur
ing the past six months is beginning to
have its first results, and they are per
fectly satisfied. The new concentration of
troops referred to so enigmatically by the
correspondents at the front is only one of
the many steps for which General Kitche
ner has so long been preparing. That It
will lead to the complete disintegration of
the more important Boer units and possi
bly to the personal surrender of Generals
Botha and Dewet the British War Office
earnestly hopes.
But It docs not go so far as to expect
It. General Kitchener is almost as reti
cent toward his chiefs in Pall Mall as to
the general public. When he has taken
General Botha Into his camp the War Of
fice expects to hear of it, but not before.
As an official said to a correspondent
grimly, "Armistices are not In Kitchener's
line."
The meeting 1 of General Kitchener . and
Sir Alfred Milner at Pretoria, probably
occurring Sunday, Is generally taken. as
likely to result In the establishment of a
more permanent for^h of civil govern
ment,, in which the "severities of martial
law will be somewhat tempered In sev
eral sections of , the country. But neither
in London nor in South Africa are .the
British officials shutting their eyes to the
fact that they have a long Job ahead of
them, -which can only be lightened and
by no means solved through the victories
over the Boer units.
KitcBener's Concentration ol
Troops Expected to End
the Strife.
But British Generals
See Much Worfc
AIHM.
CRITICS SAY
BOER WAR IS
TERMINATING
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1903— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 93.
Will Consult Wjth Silvela Before Selecting
the Hen Needed to Guide the
Affairs of State.
AZCARRAGA IS CHARGED
TO FORM NEW CABINET
FOR DISTURBED SPAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Golf at San Bafael.
SAN RAFAEL. March 2— A golf tour
nament was held on the local- links to
day. The contestants were a picked team
from tho Sausallto Golf * Club and one
from the " San'- Rafael Club. The local
golfers won out with a score of 21 to 0.
The teams were composed 'as follows:
San Rafael— It. J. Davis, J. J. Crooks, C. P.
Pomeroy, D. L. Griffiths, Dr. H. O. Howltt,
A. A. Curtis.* ¦ :
Sausallto— L*o Chenery. "Worthlnirton Ames,
Lieutenant Rodman. • Frank ; Flndlay,- Reginald
Mason, A. J. Hepburn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 2.— The contest for
the prizes offered by the Cured Fruit As
sociation for the best recipes for j cook
ing prunes brought forth a regal .prune
feast in the rooms of the Farmers' Club
this morning. There were prunes in
every conceivable style-r-from plain' stew
to souffle and pie, prune brown bread and
Ices and pickles and salads. One hundred
and one different kinds of prunes were
entered in the contest.
The hall was crowded with about BOO
persons, and the hired cook vied with the
society girl and the stately matron for
the honors to be awarded. After the com
mittee got through testing the samples a
prune feast was enjeyed by those present,
and the banquet was pronounced a deli
cious one.
The first prize was awarded to Mrs. R.
B. B. R. Follett, who exhibited a dish of
stewed prunes. Other -winners were:
Second prizes— Mrs. Mary Wiesendanger,
sweet pickles; Miss Mary P. Carroll, pie.
Third prizes— Stuffed -prunes,- Mrs. J. W.
Gray; cake. Miss Mary P. Carroll; water
Ice, Mrs. G. W. Buckley. Fourth prizes —
Miss Jennie Cook, -prune bread; Mrs. Liz
zie McCullough, pudding; Mrs. D. C. Par
ker, pruno butter- Mrs. A. J. Hall, baked
prunes; Mrs. C. Y. Chamberlain, prunes
stewed without sugar; Mrs. Catherine
Flynn, steamed prunes. •
These recipes are to be published by
the ..California Cured Fruit Association
and distributed and used in the advertis
ing of dried prunes. ' - -.
MORGAN .WITNESSES
' . • PET PBOJECT SHELVED
Great Aim. in Public Life Has Been
Construction of XvTic&raguan
¦ . Canal.
WASHINGTON. March 2.— One Senator
¦tvho was compelled to witness the shelv
ing of a measure in which he was com
pletely' absorbed was Senator Morgan of
Alabama. For years Senator Morgan's
cne aim In public life has been to secure
the construction of the Nlcaraguan canal.
Never had prosjects been no bright as at
the beginning dt the present session.
The failure of the Senate- to ratify the
31ay-Pauncefote treaty, however, made It
certain that any attempt to build the
canal under the existing treaty arrange
ments with Great Britain would be pro
ductive of friction with that Govern
ment, and although Senator Morgan
would not have been deterred by this the
majority of the Senate were not willing
to provoke a quarrel or even a diplomatic
controversy with England and the canal
bill could not be got up for consideration.
.' The Pacific cable bill and the oleomar
garine bill are among the measures of
Importance which- have failed to be en
acted Into laws. Among others are the
anti-trust bill, which passed the House.
and the proposed, anti-trust amendment
to the constitution, which failed of the
necessary two-thirds vote in that body.
SNAKE INDIANS PLEAD
GUILTY AS PREARRANGED
After Lecturing Them Judge Thomas
Conditionally Suspends
Sentence.
MUSKOGEE. I. T.. March 2.-The wind
ing up of the Snake trouble came to-day
In the United States Court as arranged
last week by Chitto Harjo and his band
of Indians through his attorneys. It was
agreed that they all plead guilty before
United States Commissioner Sanson to
conspiracy. After pleading they were
called into the United States Court, which
was in regular session. Judge Thomas pre
siding, and then, after a very forcible
charge on the grave offense charged
against the Snake band, he sentenced
them to eight years in the penitentiary
and a fine of $250 each, but agreed to sus
pend sentence if they would go to their
homes and not" comrnot any such ac^a
again.
The courthouse was crowded and many
prominent people were present, amnnc;
whom was Principal Chief Porter, who
made a talk to the Indians.
FOTJB, TRAINMEN
KILLED IN A WRECK
Two Past Through Freights Col
lide Near Lenolr City,
Tennessee.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., March 2.— Two
fast through freight trains on the South
err. Railway collided two miles west of
Lenoir City early to-day while running at
a high rate of speed. Four trainmen were
killed, three fatally wounded and several
were seriously injured. Not a member of
cither crew escaped. The dead:
C. F. MADDEN, engineer.
J. M. STEPHENSON. fireman.
JOSEPH COPELAND, conductor.
"W*. L. CASH, fireman.
The injured: L. M. Vance, engineer;. R.
L. Snyder, conductor; Thomas Colbert
(colored), brakeman, both lrgs cut off, will
die; J. M. Dean, flagman; P. L. Williams,
flagman; Peter Hurley, brakeman: John
Stars, section foreman.
SAN JOSE, March 2.— Mrs. Eunice
Sleeper, who several years ago endowed
the Sleeper trust for the promulgation of
the doctrines of spiritualism with prop
erty then worth some $60,000, died in this
city to-night at the age of 87 years. She
had been in feeble health for several
years. • . ;¦" :¦.-•,•
DENVER. March 2.-Thrce days ago a
xnaii who was afterward Identified by
papers on his person as Louis Janin Jr.
was arrested on Seventeenth street- as in-
Eane. Police .Surgeon Miller pronounced
him delirious as a result of double pneu
monia and sent him to St. Anthony's
Hospital. To-day a letter was received
from John Hays Hammond, the noted
mining expert. . now at Cripple Creek,
ietatinj? that Janin Is the son of a cele
brated . mining expert of San Francisco
and Is a personal friend of his. He asked
that every attention be given the man.
He Is reported as improving.
Louis Janin Jr., mentioned in the fore
going dispatch, is the son of one of the
best-known mining experts and engineers
4Tn this coast. Much of the work done In
"the deep levels of the Comstock In its
I'almy days was done under his father's
supervision. Louis junior was born in
Virginia City over thirty years ago and
inherited the mining talent of his father.
He chose the same profession and was
carefully educated with that end In view.
About seven years ago he left here for
Australia and traveled over its m'nlng
districts. He secured control of a mi no
in New South Wales, went to London
and successfully promoted its sale. He
came back to San Francisco and has been
visiting In South Africa and traveling
throuKh the principal mining centers.
His family's intimate connection with
other noted mining experts has been the
means of .materially advancing his Inter
ests. . The news of his illnes* came as a
shock to his friends.
Well-Known Mining Expert Is Pronounced Delirious From Pneumonia and
Taken to a Hospital for Treatment.
LOUIS JANIN JR. FOUND WANDERING
IN DEMENTED CONDITION AT DENVER
Cured Fruit Association Dis
tributes Prizes for
Recipss.
CAHDEN', Mo., March 2.— Dewey Smith,
a negro miner, who yesterday shot and
killed Chester Stanley, a whlto miner,
at mine No. 1, four miles .south of Rich
mond, Mo., was captured late last night
and taken back to the scene of his crime
and hlc tody is now hanging to a tree
close to the railroad tracks.
Stanley and 'Smith, alias McNeil, alias
Bob McBrien, quarreled yesterday over a
trivial matter, which resulted in the
shooting of Stanley. • The negro escaped,
but was captured last night at Camden
by two. white men. They took him to
Burnett's Hotel and wired Sheriff Crow
ley at Richmond to come at once. When
the Sheriff arrived a large crowd of men
from Lexington Junction and Canr'en
were waiting in the street outside the
hotel, and cries of "Bring him out!" and
"Lynch him V were heard, and a general
rush was made on the hotel where the
negro was confined. Some one rired a
gun. Immediately a dozen shots were
fired, and it looked as though a /lumber
of people would be killed, but they
brought him out without accident.
The cry arose "Take him back to the
scene of his crime!" "Burn him on the
pit top!" "Hang him!" and the mob start
ed rapidly for mine No. 4. A halt was
called under a tree near the mine and
the prisoner was given a chance to speak.
He confessed to the killing, but said it
was in self-defense, and he was sorry, and
he asked that his body be I sent to his
mother In Kansas City. He I then asked
¦if some one would pray for him. One
man prayed for him: "O God, have
mercy on the soul of this poor doomed
lr.an, and. O God, remember and have
pity on the soul of the man he murdered.*'
A rope was placed around the negro's
neck and thrown over the limb of a tree,
and at 2:23 o'clock^' Smith was launched
into eternity..
FEAST OF PRUNES
FOR SAN JOSEANS
Bad- feeling has existed for eome time
between the negroes and whites and more
trouble is feared.
Slayer of White Miner Is
Hanged at the Scene of
the Crime.
WASHINGTON". March 2.— The Senate
in executive, session ,o-day reopened the
discussion connected .with Judge Noyes'
appointment of Alexander McKenzie to
the position of receiver of certain mines
in Alaska. The question arose In connec
tion with the nomination of Frank H.
Richards as United States Marshal for
the Second District of Alaska and was
raised by Senator Stewart. Mr. Richards
had previously been confirmed, but at the
last previous executive session Senator
Stewart had moyed the reconsideration of.
his nomination and to-day's session was
devoted to the consideration of that mo
tion. Senator Stewart led the discussion,
which was devoted almost exclusively to
the McKenzie case. He read affidavits to
show that Richards himself had acted in
the capacity of receiver in litigated min
ing cases under Judge Noyes- appoint
ment, but said that personally he knew
little of the man's character. He ex
prtssed himself as thoroughly distrustful
of Judge Noyes and pleaded with the Sen
ate to permit the nomination to fail, say
ing: that the President could reappolnt
him after nest Mondav and thus afford
time for such an investigation as the Sen
ator thought should be made into the
character of the man v.ho was to occupy
such an Important position as Marshal of
Alaska.
Senator Stewart's attacks upon Judge
Noyes had the effect of bringing out re
plies from Senators Hansbrough, Spooner,
Pettigrew. Turner and others. The do
bate was very tart at times, but the
points developed were In ho wise different
from those made after the same question
came up in the executive session of tli?
Senate a few days ago. Senator Spooner
discussed the appointment of Judge Noyes
at length and ¦went Quite thoroughly into
his judicial acts. Senator Pettlgrew sug
gested that there was as much reason for
investigating the San Francisco court,
which has Interfered In the McKenzie
case, as there -was fur investigating the
Noyes transactions.
MISSOURI MOB
LYNCHES NEGRO
Senator Stewart's motion was undis
posed of when the executive session con
cluded.
Reconsideration of Confirmation of
Richards' Appointment Precipi
tates an Acrimonious
/ gv- Discussion. " I;' ;
Stewart Expresses Himself
as Distrustful of Judge
Noyes.
McKENZIE CASE
BEFORE SENATE
FATHER AND SON ABE •
ACCUSED. OF MURDER,
BIRMINGHAM, . Ala., March , 2,-Ten
days' ago Mrs. Charles "A;- Foote. wife of
a prominent contractor at Bessemer. , was
found dead In the kitchen of ; her home,
The Coroner's Jury began an Investiga
tion, the result of which was not made
public until this afternoon, when Charles
Foote, the husband, was arrested as an
accessory to the murder of Mrs. Foote.
He was apprehended at Bessemer and
with her head almost severed from the
body. A bloody, table knife lay under the
body and' there 'were evidences of a ter
rible struggle.- The discovery was made
by her 10-year-old . daughter ton the lat
ter's return from school. Mrs. Foote was
last seen alive at dinner .that day, when
she appeared to be in a cheerful frame
of mind. There was no apparent motive
for i the murder, as the house had not
been robbed, and members of the family
said it looked like suicide, and so it was
stated. . • , -
brought here to Jail. At the same time a
telegram -was sent to Atlanta ordering the
arrest of Arthur Foote, aged IS, the son
of the dead woman. . He is in Jail at At
lanta, charged with being the principal In
the crime. Young Fbote and his father.
after the. woman s death,- accompanied
her remains to Atlanta, their former
home for burial, and the son remained
In that city-- The woman's life was in
sured for $2000. two policies having recent
ly been taken out, it is said. The Sheriff
refuses to allow any one to see the elder
Fbote, but it Is known that he denies tha
crime. The arrests .have created a de
cided sensation, owing to the prominence
of the parties and. the shocking nature of
the crime. • • •• '-.¦¦¦ '
Arthur Foote will be brought here from
Atlanta. ¦ •. ¦ . .
boy over to. him,' Horn Immediately left
for the. East, taking the boy with him.
The mother became so crazed by grief ar.d
disappointment that she had to b« pu*
under restraint and her friends are high
ly Indignant at the treatment accorded
her. ¦ • ¦ ¦- :¦
J. "W. Orchard of stags coach fame, Ed
Patten and William Kyla came together
as a- result of the affair and fousht, but
hone of them, was seriously Injured. Since
then dozens of men have armed them
selves. Threats have been freely mada
and bloodshed may result at any moment.
DIAMOND VHJL,E. Wyo., March 2.—
Since early morning, fifty men under
Foreman Griffin have been fighting the
flre with great success. At 6 o'clock thi3
evening that party had reached room 55
and had got beyond the flre a thousand
feet.
At 10 o'clock to-night Superintendent
Sneddon gave out the following Informa
tion:
About « o'clock this evening w« reached a
point In the sixth level 800 feet beyond where
the fire- occurred, . and have the. firs well
under control. From 100 to 150 tons of burning
coal has fallen In where the flre occurred.. on
an average of from two to three feet: deep, v
Thlrty-Hve men are now at work In the
mine, and as fast as any fire appears It is ex
tinguished by putting more" sand on It What
will be found in the back entry Is a matter of
speculation, but I can say that those ! bodies
will be out of the mine by ; Monday morning.
At 10 o'clock room B6 had been reached. , No
bodies are expected to be found until after the
mante-ay Is passed, " which Is near the flfty
nlnth - room. Sand la belnr hurried 'down the
mine, and everything is being: done . to take
advantage of the situation. At midnight a
few feet had been rained. Another run will
be made In. the morning-, as it is the purpose
to give the air an opportunity to advance and
have the fire In condition to cause no farther
trouble. , ' - : -. '. t
Rescuers Advance But Fail
to Find Any More
EJL PASO, Texas, March 2.— A dispatch
from Lake Valley. N. if., to-day says:
This town and Hlllsboro are greatly
stirred over ti sensational kidnaping; case
that may result in bloodshed. The alleged
kidnaper is a woman, and she took her
own child from her ! husband, against
whom divorce proceedings are now pend
ing: For some time past Mr. and Mrs.
Milton Horn have been living apart, and a
few days ago she managed to get posses
sion of her little son. which has been in
the custody of its father. Horn Immedi
ately swore out a warrant against his
MINE FIRE WELL
UNDER CONTROL
Special Dispatch to The CalL
wife, charging her .w»th kidnaping, and
she was arrested in a rough manner and
taken before Justice Kyle of Lake Val
ley, who flxed the prisoner's bond at $5000.
Mrs. Horn's friends objected to such an
enormous bond and after much wrangling
it was reduced to J100O and sureties were
furnished. . In epite of this the defendant
was kept closely guarded and' her child
was ordered sent to Las Cruces. Deputy
Sheriff. Patten was ordered to convey tha
child to Las Cruces and deliver him to
the authorities, but instead df doing this
he met . Horn at Rlncon and turned the
Citizens Enraged by Action of Authorities in Keeping the Woman in Jail While
, the Father Goes East With Their Son. '
BLOODSHED LIKELY TO FOLLOW KIDNAPING
OF CHILD BY ITS MOTHER IN NEW MEXICO
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
14
Is the Best Spring Medicine Money Can Buy.
Best for Spring-' ' have taken Hood's
r-arsaparilla when needed for several years
and would not t>e uithout It It Is ati
VxreUent medicine aod I tieartily recom-
mend Its Use In the spring and at any titne
u-htii a blood purifier and tonic Is needed "
,\Im K M Foote. 21 Irvine Place Passaic.
X J
Spring Fever— "I bave taken Hood's
Sarsaparilla for ray spring medicine for
years and have always found It reliable and
giving perfect satisfaction. In the spring it
takes away that tired feeling or spring fever,
gives energy and puts the blood in good con-
dition." Mies Effie Cologne. 1535 10th
Street. N W., Washington. D. C.
• • if •"• • Qr
This heading suggests the' time for the
whole family to take a Spring Medir
cine, also the . only * one to take —
I Hood's Sarsaparilla. .
For twenty-five vears this medicine has
Deqn recognized as the standard modern
blood purifier and Spring Medicine.
It .removes every impurity. every after-grip
; weakness and poison, cures even the
most srubborn Scrofula and ,Salt-
Rlieum. — as proved bv thousands of
testimonials — sharpens the appetite,
tones the stomach and nerves. ;
In short, it's the best medicine evejernade
for Spring conditions.
It is the best possible for you to take this Spring. Get a bottle
.; : * and have the whole family begin taking it today
1^- APerfect food Drink -«g
J^I Possesses a delicate flavor and Zj|
|^ fragrant aroma not found in any other ~2
€>— Figprune consists entirely of California figs, prunes and ~o
grain— scientifically blended. Z^j}
g^- Our own special method of manufacturing enables us to retain
fg— all the natural properties of the fruit and grain, giving to the ¦ -^g?>
o— consumer a table beverage of rare quality.
g> Figs and prunes, properly roasted, will brew as quickly as ~<fr
2^2 coffee, and the grain, treated by our method, infuses almost as IZS
g- readily. This is why Figprune should be boiled from 3 to 1 0
©>~ minutes only. '
Cereal coffees composed mainly of solid" grain, bran, etc. must
jJ^T be boiled from t& to 25 minutes. Every housewife knows that I^jJ
• &~ continuous boiling destroys the flavor and -aroma of any beverage.
|>^ Figprune is absolutely free from any artificial matter — a Zl3i
S satisfying substitute for coffee and tea. "^^"^^V
i Healthful— invigorating—nutritious. / dTT/o \
• : ' mr F»»«»44 ' ft
- • ¦ :: v f" * f K *\*m\> .1
AT ALL GROCERS. 1, dtlf& o / I
YOU have chronic catarrh, have you?
You have had it some time? And
could not find a cure? Well, there
are thousands more like you In this coun-
try. If the slightest vestige of the catarrh
remains over from the warmer season it
will make itself felt now. If y.ou want to
really get cured do as the following peo-
ple did:
Chronic Catarrh.
S. T. Nance of Robeson Fork, Tenn.,
writes as follows:
"I will state that I am entirely well of
that dreadful disease catarrh. I was af-
flicted with it for fifteen years and it waf»
a very aggravated case for the last five
years. No one can possibly realize the
value of Peruna until he tries It for him-
self. It will certainly cure the worst caso
of chronic catarrh. I had as bad a case
as I ever saw. I have taken seven bottles
of Peruna and every one was worth $100
to me. I haven't the language to express
my gratefulness to you for your kindness
to me and the Interest you have taken In
my case." — S. I. Nance. .
Some cases take longer than others.
Perhaps the average length of time It
takes to cure a genuine ca*e of catarrh is
three months. Some get cured much soon-
er than this. Stubborn cases may require
longer treatment. Time or trouble ought
to be no barrier to one afflicted with this
dreadful disease.
Read the following words of three prom-
inent Chicago gentlemen:
A Letter From Hon. John Streit.
Hon. John Streit, a member of the
Twenty-eighth General Assembly of. the
State of Illinois, writes from 3333 North
Clark street, Chicago, "111., the following
letter:
"As an article of real merit I gladly
Indorse Peruna. I have used it several
times In the past five years and found it
a first class tonic, a fine medicine to stop
coughing, and especially valuable in cases
of winter catarrh, from which almost ev-
ery man In Chicago suffers more or less.
"If every one knew the value of Pe-
runa as I do by actual experience no home
would be without it, especially during the
inclement weather." — John Streit.
Alderman Mueller Endorses Peruna.
Frank M. Mueller, Alderman ,©f the
To"KOMrORT n
JL JL *Nr*^ i\ii r • -..*..
Mr. Kavfmann thahte you for your past pat-
ronage and will esteem it a pleasvre to have yov
call at Kaufmann's Shoe Store (formerly
LUCRE'S), where he and former "Komfort** em-
ployes will welcome yov.
Formerly LUCKFS.
¦ 832 MarKet Street
Instead of giving temporary relief: third,
it, cures catarrh wherever located, and
fourth, it is composed entirely of vegeta-
ble products and is perfectly harmless.
The personal advice, of Dr. Hartman tn
any case, of chronic catarrh can be had
free of charge by letter by any one taklns
Peruna. .
Thousands of people who know of Pe-
runa as a catarrh cure get It and begin
treatment. Some of these people write to
Dr. Hartman. Hundreds of these are re-
ceived by the doctor every day. Thesa
letters are all promptly answered free.
The cures aro numerous. These testimo-
nials are not solicited and never pub-
lished except by the wish of the ones writ-
ing them. ' • ¦ .. •' . . v '
- If you do not derive prompt and
satisfactory results from the use of
Peruna, write at once to Dr. Hart'
man, giving a full statement of your
case; and he will be pleased to giva
you his valuable advice gratis.
'Address Dr. Hariman, president of
the Hartman Sanitarium, Celumbus,
OhJo. ' . ' ;;
3 " 11 ""> rd . writes from 1213 Seml-
\?ILJ X * C £' ChIca S°. I"-, to The Peruna
Medicine Co., as follows:
th ' ! 1 '?, 1 Peruna stands to-day at
™, "^ ot all medicines prescribed for
catarrh I have used It myself and have
known of its use dozens of times for colds
and catarrh, and I have to hear anything
but praise from its use. I heartily Indorse
Lfnf-ft^ clsU1 y Preventing the numerous
afflictions which follow In the wake of
winter medicine."— Frank M. Mueller
Hon. J. Kelter's Letter.
Hon. J. belter, a member of the Ull-
?£• K. tate .^^slature. writes from 1323
Wrightwood avenue, Chicagro, 111., as fol-
lows:
~«-"9£2 S S lcUOU . 9 amoi lf the e^" 63 - 4 remedies
of the day stands Peruna. I believe it
has well earned the reputation it has to-
day as the best remedy for catarrh known
to the medical profession. Honest doc-
tors will admit this, as does every one
else who has tried It. I know of nothing
better to keep the system in a healthy
conditlon.'W. Nelter.
CATABBH SYMPTOMS.
As Described by Dr. Hartman in a
Becent Lecture.
The symptoms vary according to the
place where the catarrh is located; Ca-
tarrh in the head — nose Btopped up, pain
In ; forehead, scabs In nose, bad breath
snoring,' sneezing, watery eyes; catarrh
of the throat— voice husky or hoarse, tick-
ling in the throat, hawking, spitting, sore
throat anfl enlarged tonsils; catarrh of
the bronchial tubes — cough, pain In cheat.
This form of catarrh will soon end in con-
sumption if not cured.
Dr. Hartman used Peruna in. over thirty
thousand- cases before it was introduced
to the general public as a catarrh remedy.
Peruna as a remedy for coughs, colda,
acute or chronic catarrh,- has become
known all over the civilized portions of
North America. " ¦
The reasons for which Peruna haa taken
the lead of all other catarrh remedies afe:
First, it never fails to cure when j>rop-
erly used; second, it permanently . cures
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Three Public Men Tell How Pe-ru=ha Has Promptly
Eradicated Catarrh.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
j OTJ have chronic catarrh, have you? j I . I / g/\ W^-jb&S?^ ¦ : ! ' I |\ \%
You have had It some time? And // f \- ml \ viiifr^~ r^' " "^^K# J Hi
could not find a cure? .Well, there I / I \BI J Tuft " . . " WP ' \ \L
i thousands more like you In this coun- I / / /§( I i j $L j jf. \\
¦- If the slightest vostipo of the catarrh ' . I / L^)/fitl I I I ! '' I * S3^ j&&^L f*3S^T& i ' '' I \a
nains over from the •warmer season It 7» v j| >w#/ fl ItfV^s- -^if j[ \|
!1 make Itself felt now. If y.ou want to ' VL/y If Jl I '*£. : . . * : ./I I I
illy get cured do as the following peo- _ / II 111 a iv/v ' • I ' \ r\ ¦ I I
Chronic Catarrll. • Fifty-sixth Ward, writes from 121S Semi- .". rffifl&yfos* I • ' jj
i. I. Nance of Robeson Fork, Tenn., 5fflcineS., < ali ( iof&wa:' i l ° Th8 Peruna I |(\ < *^b^ -jf ' |
ltes as follows: -_ "I believe that Peruna stands to-day at |!A^ ' '• /M I! Ig
I will state that I am entirely well of th ® head of all medicines preacrlbed for jt >w'_^e-4l5 L'i r li /»
tt dreadful disease catarrh. I was af- knnu-n nf iti 1 » ve i' Pefl U m >' sclf and hiive «^A V^*^^ & ' |l I IB
:ted with It for fifteen years and it wan Safi StKfoSSlS (£& iU //
very aggravated case for the last five but praise from Us use. I heartily indorse Z$CKa fTik M^ mil I 1 IS
irs. Xo one can possibly realize the it, especially as preventing the numerous !>c5^?\ AJl/9v Bra iftl /#
lue of Peruna until he tries it for him- atlllctions which follow in the wake of |§Bwlk ft^V* W£&k'&*9£
f. It will certainly cure the worst caao XermedS M^ueSS- '^ •
chronic catarrh. I had as bad a case 1Lllie - x ranK M - Mueller. i^B^SvSV
I ever saw. I have taken seven bottles Hon. J. Ifelter's Letter. 4^^@(/mk -^«!en7'~Tmir rit
Peruna and every one was worth $100 Ti on j v.i... _ _ „. - * . S«-^gStv?^i_V?S^^— : V>rjr-^^^
me. I haven't the language to express nols StSe LeSsIaturT^es from 3a
- RTatefulnoss to you for your kindness Wrightwood avenue, Chicag-o 111 as fol- fe^^^^VVr tr 7 tT U lm
mo and the Interest you have taken in lows: ~ ' I NpiTr+D j |\
t case.-'-S. I. Nance. ' Conspicuous among: the grreat remedies Ui (J' JI £-Li£Jlr\l\
;ome ca^es take longer than others. Z* *_» ,f *£ "^{L p r 7"" a V, X .H e \l eve . u : - •' : . Wt
rhaps the average length of time it h 6 ? y %^
;pc> tn mi™ a erpniiln#» onj«*» of catarrh IS to th« m»»<U/»nl nrr>ron<.i nM u » j '7^^'-' ¦¦ ¦LOS ANGELES. March 2.— Imperial Po
tentate Lou B. Winsor of the Shrlners of
North America, accompanied by a train
lead of nobles, arrived this afternoon.
The great crowd of visiting Masons and
their wives and daughters were met at
the Arcade depot by committees of the
local Shrine and escorted to quarters en
gaged for them at the various hotels.
Chief of the nobles who ministered to
the visitors was State Senator Fred M.
The pilgrims were entertained at Red
lands this morning. At Pasadena the in
coming caravan was met by several mem
bers of the local committee. At the Ar
cade depot the scene was one of anima
tion. Daughters of Isis united with the
nobles of the order to welcome the Shrln
ers. No member of the caravan was al
lcwed to escape unscathed from the volley
of handclasps and personal solicitations as
to the welfare and comfort of each pil
grim.
A private reception was held at the
Westminster Hotel this afternoon. For
an hour or more the Interchange of greet
ings and words of welcome continued, and
then an adjournment was taken to the
Chamber of Commerce. Here the recep
tion to the Shrlners was public.
To-night, the Shrlners paraded. The
str«ets were Illuminated with red fire and
the business houses were decorated. The
Daughters of Isis and the ladies" recep
tion committee remained at the Westmin
ster until the precession passed and
thence went to the pavilion, where there
was a banquet at which covers were laid
fcr 1000 persons.
To-morrow the Shriners in taHyhos will
visit Santa Anita ranch and In the even
ing the caravan will proceed to San Fran
cisco.
Smith, the potentate of Al MalaSkah Tem
ple of Los Angeles. Fie flourished aloft
In high (rood humor this order, which his
Honor Mayor Snyder gave to the Police
Department to-day:
"Understand that the Shrlners own tha
town, and If any one of them is mis
treated In this city great will be the wrath
of the. Cadi." .
Charles L. Field, chairman of the gen
eral committee of Islam Temple: Charles
U Field and George Eauer of the San
Francisco reception committee arrived
nere to-day, and will accompany tb« vis
iting Shriners to San Francises.
Celebrates Its Anniversary.
The Austrian Military and Benevole.it
Association held its twenty-second an
nual ball last night at California Hall. It
was a very successful affair, which wa*
dua to the efforts of the- following com
mittees: ¦ .
Arrangement— ii. Perich (chairman). B
M. Burin. J. M. Russell. Martin Ranzulo.
Charles Mlcleh. P. Saulovich, A. N Bat
chla. J. Turato. . . .
Reception— S. Ralcevich. C. Cristnvirh
P. Saulovich. John Turato. T. ZIJTra.
Charles Mlcicru
Floor— Sergeant . M. Radulovlch: asslsr
ant floor manager? — ...;irtin Rartzulo. C
Crlstovlch. Joseph Simcich. P. Saulovich
M. Butlerlch.
Refreshment— Martin Ranzulo. Joseph
Slmclch, John M. Sambrallo. George Mm
lia George Moretlch. George Mostah.i
nlch. ••
Honorary— M. Cre*ali<i. Albert Schohay,
N. Sturiza. I>r. Julius Soboslay.
In fceneral. diplomacy Is deception with
pleasing address and a countenance) of
ca.ndor. • - . -
PILGRIMS OF THE HYSTIC SHRINE
FIND AN OASIS AT LOS ANGELES
consider amendments that members de
sire to have incorporated in the commit
tee bill. It is hoped that by this means
opposition on the floor of the Assembly
may be avoided. ¦ .
Though the committee Is anxious to
avoid controversy that may keep the bill
from pa5sage it is evident that a fight
will be made, and when the subject is
once opened numerous amendments and
bitter contests may be expected. The
primary election bill is the one measure
most likely to prolong the session.
Johnson, Treadwell and Alden Anderson
have strong objections to the committee
bill. Anderson is friendly to it in the
main and will seek to have his amend
ments accepted by the Committee on
Elections. Johnson. and Treadwell are In
a somewhat belligerent mood and will
fight for their own particular measures
as against the committee bill.
Macbeth asked this morning that the
committee bill (Assembly bill "S3) and a
measure of his own (Assembly bill 109)
be made a special order for Monday at
7:30 p. m.. and he explained the commit
tee's intention to m«et on Monday after
noon to consider amendments. Johnson
objected and insisted that all the primary
bills be Included In the special order. His
motion to that effect was referred to the
Committee on Rules, reported favorably
and was passed.
OPPOSE BIG TB.EES BILL.
tors in the Assembly.
Balston Leads a Handful of Objec-
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 2.— The substitute bill
framed by the Ways and Means Commit
tee to take the place' of the Sempervirens
Club bill; making an appropriation of
$250,000 for the creation of redwood parks,
has a hard fight ahead of It In the Assem
bly. The bill Is the result of the move
ment- to preserve the Big Basin forest in
Santa Cruz County.
Ralston, although a member of tha
Ways and Means Committee, which sen:
in the substitute bill, is the leader of ti-.o
right against the proposition. He has pot
together a band of objectors, seven In
number, and they will file a protest if
an attempt be made to put the bill on the
special urgency file. Under the rules such
action will keep the- bill off that file and
possibly will keep it from reaching final
cpnside'ration before adjournment.
Ralston's coadjutors are Savage, Has
een. Broughton. Henry, Treadwell and
Bliss. Though sentiment in the Assembly
Is strongly In favor of the bill the action
of these men Is likely to defeat the meas
ure.
Schleslnger sought this morning to have
Assembly bill 873, the committee substi
tute, advanced on the second reading fil*
to the place occupied by the original bill.
Ralston misunderstood the request and,
believing it involved the question of th^
special- urgency tile, announced that ha
and six others were ready to ttle a" pro
test.
The chief objection offered by the op
ponents of. the bill is that the owners of
the forest of the Big Basin are rich men,
who ought to give it to the State. Tho
6upporters of the measure answer that
the rich men are not so disposed and that
the provisions of the bill form the onlv
means by which this magnificent forest
can be preserved from destruction.
The bill was reached on file this after
noon and was given second reading and in
committee of the whole was recommended
for passage. n
DISPOSING OF CODE BILLS.
Assembly Passes Measure Revising
the Penal Statutes.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— Assembly bill 7G4. re
vising the Penal Code, was passed by the
Assembly this mnrnlns by a vote of 50
ayes to 8 noes. Assembly bill 626, revising
the Code of Civil Procedure, is pending
third reading and is 243 on the ille. tile
seventeenth bill on the third readlnp file.
Assembly bill CS3. revising the Civil Codo,
was passed orr Februarv 27 and sent to
the Senate.
Ray's Assembly bill 4.2. appropriating
J25.o<j) fi»r Installing 1 an electric light plant
In Yospmite Valley and making other im
provements' thfre. was passed. Part of
the plan Involved Is the electric Illumina
tion of Tosemite Falls.
Assembly bill 737. appropriating $2500 for
the repair of boilers at the Stockton Sta:-?
Hospital, nr.d Assembly bill 50C, appropri
ating $W00 to pay for an air compressor
and turning lathe for the State Prison at
Folsom, were both passed by the Asaeru
bly this morning.
LIVELY DEBATE IN SENATE.
Policies Is Argued.
TyrreH's Bill to Regulate Insurance
The feati'.re of Tyrrell's bill Is a clause
requiring the examination 'and valuation
of property to be insured before a policy
CALL • HEADQUARTERS.* SACRA-
J1EXTO. March 2.— Senator J. R. Tyrrell's
bill to regulate fire Insurance policies was
the cause of a lively debate in the Senate
to-day. The bill was vigorously opposed
and finally its- consideration was post
poned until Monday.
allowing the full payment under total loss
can be issued, i.ie bill provides, however,
that the insured shall pay the costs of the
examination and valuation. Senator
I^aird moved to strike out this clause re
garding the payment by the insured, so
as to compel the companies to pay for the
examinations and valuations. '*..e amend
ment was defeated after a hot debate, and
then Leavltt moved to reconsider. It took
a call of the Senate, but it was voted to
reconsider, and the reconsideration was
set for Monday.
TWO APPORTIONMENT BILLS.
Fix Railroad Commissioner and
• Equalization Districts.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 2:— Under a suspension
of the constitution Carter introduced in
the Assembly this afternoon two appor
tionment bills — one to divide the State
Into three Railroad Commissioners dis
tricts and the other to make four equali
zation districts. In each case he has
followed proposed Congressional district
lines. The districts are as follows:
Kind Equalization Dl«trict— The Flm and
Second Congressional districts, composed of the
counties of D*l Xorte. Humboldt. 'Slskiyou,
Trinity. Tehama. Shasta. Modoc. Lessen, Plu
mas, Sierra. Nevada. Placer, El Dorado. Ama
dor. Calaveras. Alpine, Mono, Marlposa and
Tuolumre. Mendoclno, Glenn. Colusa. Butte.
Sutter. Yuba. Sacramento, Yolo, Lake, Napa,
Sonoma and Mirin.
Second Equalization District— The Third and
Sixth Congressional districts, composed of the
rountles of Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Benlto,
Fresno Kings. Madera, Merced. Stanislaus,
San Joaquln, Alameda, Contra Costa and So-
ThinJ Equalization District— The Fourth and
Flftfi Congressional districts, composed of the
counties fo£ San Francisco, San Mateo and"
Santa Clara.
Fourth Equalization District — Seventh and
ElKhth Congressional districts, composed of the
counties of San Luis Obl«po, Santa Barbara,
Ventura Kern. Tulare, Inyo. San Bernardino.
¦Orange. Riverside and San Diego and Los An-
B< Fir»t Railroad District— First, Second and
Third Congressional districts.
•Second Railroad District— Fourth and FKth
Congressional districts.
Third Railroad District— Sixth. Seventh and
EiKhth Congressional districts.
The two bills will be passed and hur
ried to the Senate as soon as possible.
MOUNT HAMILTON WATER
RIGHTS CHANGE HANDS
Eastern Purchasers to Erect a Great
Impounding Dam in San-
Ysab?l Valley.
SAN JOSE, March 2,— The water rights
of C. w. Qullty, which control the Mount
Hamilton watershed In the mountains east
of the city, have been sold to Pepper &
Register of Philadelphia, a well-known
electrical engineering r.nd street railway
contracting firm. Just what the price is
has not been made public. An installment
has been paid on the purchase price and
the details will be completed at once.
The transfer of the water rights is im
portant to the Santa Clara Valley, as the
purchasers intend to eiect a great Im
pounding dam on Smiths. Creek in San
Ysabel Valley. Thence the water will ts
carried In flumes along its natural chan
nel to Calavais Valley, a point five mll^s
east of MUpitas. A great power plant will
be erected there with ' a capacity of 500.)
horsepower. The distance between the
Impounding dam and the power plant is
eighteen miles. In which there is a fall
of 1400 feet, and the water will be suffi
cient to develop 5000 horsepower. From
the works, which are located about twelvi
miles from San Jose, the power will be
carried to San Francisco, a distance of
forty miles.
Mr. Qullty says that the purchasers
have a contract with a San Francisco
light and power company for all the'elec
tricity they can use. but he declines to
name the concern. Qullty has been accu
mulating these rights for eight years and
has Invested In them about $30,000. Th3
water is owned by the Spring Valley Wa
ter Companv of San Francisco and must
be returned to that corporation after be
ing used for power purposes. It Is said
Register & Pepper will spend betweon
$500,000 and JGOO.000 in the enterprise.
ORDERS THE DEPORTATION
- OF CONTRACT LABORERS
Dominion Commissioners Cause Six
teen Men to Be Sent Back
to the States.
ROSSLAND. B. C, March 2.— E. P.
Bremner of Vancouver and Edward 'Wil
liams, Dominion Labor Commissioners,
have been here for about a week, looking
Into the question of alien labor, and as
a result sixteen men in the employ of
Winters, Parson & Boomer, who have a
contract to work for the Red Mountain
Railroad, were ordered deported. The
contractors will pay the way of the men
back to the United States, where they
were engaged.
This is the first time that a case of the
kind has com" up in this province and
the penalty of $1000 fine for each contract
laborer brousht In was not enforced.
The commissioners said that in the future
the law would be enforced to the letter.
The intention of the Dominion authorities
is to protect the Canadian workers from
unfair competition.
WAGON CROWDED WITH
CHILDREN OVERTURNS
Accident on a Grade Near Anaheim
May Cost the Lives of Two
Little Ones.
SANTA ANA. March 2.— Thirty-five
children from the West End School at
Anaheim were hurled from a big sugar
beet wagon to-night while coming down
a steep mountain grade at the mouth of
Santiago Canyon and thirteen of the num
ber were Injured, two probably fatally.
The children, with their teachers, had
been picnicking at the County Park and
were returning home. When at the top
of the grade the brake rod broke. The
horses, unable to hold back the wagon,
dashed down the grade. At the first sharp
turn the wagon upset, piling its load of
humanity In a heap.
Marie Bennerscheldt and TV alter Mickle
probably will die, as both have received
serious "injuries.
IEVEE IN DANGER AND // v< -'¦
. TOWN MAY BE FLOODED
Large Force of Men Working to Save
Washington, Yolo County,
From Inundation.
SACRAMENTO, March 2.— The levee
above the town of Washington. Tolo
County, Is in danger of breaking owing
to the wash caused by the high winds,
and a large force of rr>en is working to
save it. If the levee breaks the town of
Washington will be flooded and the rail
road grade between this city and Davis
villo will be nearly submerged.
The railroad officials have decided to
take no chances and have ordered all
trains to go by way' of Stockton. They
have sent the local trcln, which Ieave3
Sacramento at 7 o'clock In the morning,
to Davisville. where it will remain over
ni"ht so that local traffic between that
point and San Francisco may be accom
modated.
BOY THIEVES ARRESTED.
San Rafael Constable Breaks Up a
Precocious Gang.
SAX' RAFAKL. March 2.— Constable.
Agnew to-day broke up a gang of small'
boys, who. fcr some time past: have been
causing considerable trouble to the local
authorities by their many thefts. To
dav Theodore Beach was arrested for
ste'alinp a b'.cvcle. . He admitted the theft
and when questioned confessed to being
Implicated In several other affairs aiid
named hi? accomplices. As a result Paul
and Herman Schmidt wore arrested late
thi? afternoon for breaking into the prem-
I«ps of F. I~ Grey and stealing sundry
email articles. Including a quantity of
groceries. Mo.«t of the property was re
covered to-day.
None of the boys were more than 12
years of age. Their parents paid the costs
"of court and settled with the owners.
I Judge Rodden then dismissed the cases
land the youngsters were turned over to
I their parents.- '
STATESMEN SNAPSHOTTED AT TOIL AND IN REPOSE.
ALTj HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- (
ff MENTO. March 2.— The Assembly >
(I . took atrtlon this morning to facil- j
itate consideration of the primary :
election bills. They were made j
a special order for Monday at 7:?0 }
p.~m.' The Election* Committee will j
meet at 4 o'clock Monday afternoon to I
Hospital Lands
¦Qraiits'. Eig^hjt of Way Tlirpugh State.
¦SAIiT--;LrV-KS BAILWAY BILL.
CAix:.:;>HE.Aj5<au^HTr:Rs; sacra-;
MENTO.. March' 2..— I,*pGn motion of CaM
tv<-it tOHasy.ytiiel Senate suspended the. con-;
FtStutlc'n ¦%na.T*ceiV!ed ; ' a new trill, the ob-:
:ec.t"Gf\ \ttie-- measure; : beir,gt<? procure a!
rigM';ef-'tt > ay'tfcT6ugh'ihe property cf the'
Soytherr: ¦ Califprntai -State Hospital for
the S^fi Pebr.o: and 'Salt ±aHe Railroad.:
. n«?>w ; rcaa ; has , been negdtiatlng . for
¦fonre "tlin« .for a \'right cf iway nearly.
jar&Ilcl.-t.o th« iracils. cf the fanta Fe as;
-they • -ap-pyo^ch : -the jrity of Xios Ar;gre>s.:
lt' : wss!t>elieve<itliat "the. Trustees cf the
; i^.F.ufutiCrn'.had' £ull,.i'ower xb grant. the.
prii-iiejee,' but at This late da>; in the ses
.js'5oa.il vr.ds, fb'und.ifcat The: consent of th«
Le^s^atiire' wojjld.be-xiecefsary. At once
Fierii -K. 2 JRi:!<,'' ire-as'i;r«:" of the company),
'*.%£ ;<iis pa'tiejie.i, .td'..Sacram.ento. He, ar|
¦-rfv*:d-":h«=E# ihiV'iiiprrJngand.'srofthe bill
in :ii<ffcTe : "tlje :S*-ira;te adjourned. -
TtLel bill; provides.. that the. San Pedro.
Los^A^jr^Hsanri Sail' l^ike Railroad Com
j-gr.y,->ha;H.'.:r.a;vy a right' Ot -way through
the fend* ot. fHe'.S<iuihern California State
Hr,=V>.tal- a?>d a. : piei-e . -o f " land adjoining
the riirh^ cf "wav-.' ir.d .not exceeding -five
acre? for- a ce^ot-ar.4 \3^pot grounds, the
location t£ both rtpKt of way and depot
STOM3X&* io be -'designated by the Board
cif Managers of -t-he • hospital.
. The fciU wiH-be i yt upon, the urgency
f.ie or it may te taken up on- an urgency
resolution. . If.wtll te rushed to the Gov
ernrr without delay.
General Appropriation Passes.
CALt." HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
"K'STO. March 2.— The peneral appropri
ation bill rassc-d third reading in the As-
Veir.fcly t>.is afternoon and will be in the
Sen&te en Monday/ But one amendment
y.a> edoptad by the Senate, the puirpose
<¦'.. which .was= "to reduce from $11.0<>J to
T '."¦ the. appropriation for .clerks to th?
T-tatP Board .cf Examiners. It may be
Ehowo that the clerks have h»en pro
vided f^r-.ln Another way. and if that be
don£ ft U nearly certain that the bill wiil
pasVtht Seriate soon.ar.a without further
Strife Over the Measure Bids Fair to Prolong the
Session of the Legislature.
Seaats Passes the Currier Bill and ft
Committee Measure Goes to
Third Reading in th.«
Assembly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEN'TO. March 2.— There were rows In
both houses to-day over -the question of
same laws — in the Senate on Currier's
measure to provide for the appointment
of a game commissioner and in the As
sembly on the measure submitted by the
Fish and Game Committee to limit the
number of birds killed and, to prohibit the
sale of game.
In the Senate Smith of Kern opposed
the Currier bill, which, he declared, was
an Infamous measure. He declared him
self as opposed to any measure which
would restrict the billing of game to cer
tain classes, and he said the bill under
discussion had such object in view; that
the office of Game Commissioner .would
be solely for the benefit of men owning
or belonging to clubs which owned pre
serves. Rowell spoke against the bill,
and Belshaw, Currier, Selvage, ShOri
rldge, Davis and Sims favored It. It was
finally passed.
The Assembly bill discussed this after
noon was up on second reading. Several
amendments came in from various mem
bers, only one of which was adopted. Urn
successful amendment strikes out those
clauses which prohibit the sale of gaiae
to restaurant or hotel men or market
men.
Schleslnger made a desperate effort to
have the enacting clause stricken cut, but
his amendment to that effect was los r .
Fellz tried to have the bill amended so
as to forbid any man owning land an 1
prohibiting others from hunting upon ii
to hunt there himself, but his amendment
was lost. Then the bill went to thinl
reading.
Subject Brings Forth Ora
tory in Both Houses at
Sacramento.
WARM DEBATES
ON GAME LAWS
HOPES TO DOOGE
GOVERNOR'S VETO
Greer Presents New Bill to
; Purchase Land Near
'"}\ .'.""'¦¦•-:.- gutter ..Fort,
ApproprlatipTi Is Sot Made Imjaedi^
V ately Available and It Is : Believed ]
.. : :j : : Jttiy Gkge Will Approve
' ;¦'•.''-.•¦ ".- ¦";¦">""• tiie Measure. - ! ' _ ;
: - ¦ : '.' fj«UI!)!!y4 to The : Call. . :
CAiiij : '. beadqiUrters.; sacra- j
ME^tQ; N&tt$ :.— t'irier. the suspension 1
rfthecfrnsthutinn obtained for the Intro-:'
Gactitmlbt ¦Grffter's: two. ' apportionment; j
Mtls aijjpw t)!ll -¦was tetrttdncc* In the As-;;
p«nbry : b>vGreer .authorizing- an appropr!-: .
atton ud adjoining the old. j
¦fitter. Fr.rr..: 3"he .fim .bill. ;by Senator
; J?ii.'r.r." ayprojirisJing $20.00?; \c-sjs vetoed- by. j
the •: ; <Jov*fr.or. bj^iiuse .the' appropriation' j
«-aV; Tb : *5e available;, rmmed&tely. . The. j
tijjl inrrMuced; by'. Oreef provides that
: . ?; ..ii' "!•?; available^on January 1. I*"'-.- 1
i ¦ -.: r '. -''.-¦¦ 'nrori-slialJ .be available.cn Jan-: I
uary.'i:.::-^.::"Jt Is '.hoped the form of.thej
Wf^Ltyj *ri&'ss£pio&* the oMections of;
•. *re <;> v<rr.<\r laiid; it it cian be put
tttoiigliin tiras?.' that: it will be signed, jj
PRIMARY ELECTION BILL MAY
BRING ON A BITTER FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
15
fu'ly luxuriant treesea add charm to a moat
bewitching personality, eays: "I procured a
set of the Foco Remedies while touring the
States, and they actually caused my hair to
prow anew. AVe have In Paris such a bewilder-
ing array cf hair dressings It seems strange
we murt go to the States for one that will
make hair grow. I had for several years been
losing tny hair, had tried everything, and was
finally obliged. to wear switches to keep up
appearances. I am happy to eay that with the
Foso Remedies my hair is now more luxuriant
than It ever was and am thankful to fteS that
it is all my own and cannot fall off to cm-
Gee. N. Thatcher cf Covlngton. Ky.. a promi-
nent railway official, says:
' "I «&3 setting so bald and 'such a chining
I mark for rr.y friend* that I was forced Into
ucing hair remedies. I tried a dozen or more
before I ran across the Foso Treatment and
am glad to say that I was well rewarded. 1'y
entire »eal;> is now thickly covered with long
dark hair of the natura! shade an.l 1 know
beyond question that the Foso Remedies caused
this result. I do not hesitate to lend my name
and influence to these thoroughly trustworthy
I hair crowera."
With this new remedr the hair roots are
rtlmulated to a most gratifying degree. The
young hair shoota forth and grows with sur-
prising raphlity. Mothem of Uttln srirls whese
hair ts short and apparentlj- almo«t 1K»1*»»
•will be part'cularljr dellKhted with the -won-
derful eflect of this marvelous remedy. 'VThlle
the preparation is mainly Intended fcr the
cure of dandruff, falllnr hair and baldness in
elder people it 1« desired to acquaint the mother
with a preparation that will provide her ltlti*
tfltl trith beautifying trrsees. Do not neglect
to write at or.ee for the fre« tri*3 r'-* v "' # -
Dependable Drugs
Cut-Rate Druggists
Dependable Drugs.
M€? o 1 C 1 Tl G
Mail O r d e r s
If your druggist has n't what you /want, or over-
charges you, send to us for Medicines, Prescriptions,
Toilet Articles, etc.
We keep everything in only the purest qualities
Kill the Gophers. Use. Ayres' Cherry Pectoral. 40c
. Strychnine, oz. bottle, 75c Pinkham's Compound 75c
Swamp Root 40c £ u H cu , ra ,l?, ap • l5C
Mennen's Talcum Powder 15c Carter s Pills . ¦ = 15c
Scott's Emulsion 75c I*™* „, • ' * ¦• , 85C
Swift's Specific • 75c Belladonna Plaster 3 for 2^
Ayers' Hair Vigor 75c Syrup cf Figs &^« 35C.
Paine's Celery Compound 75c -Pears' Soap .-,15':
Pierce's Remedies 75c • Apenta Water . 20c
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c king's Consumption Cure 40c
Castoria 25c " Carter's Lithia Tablets .. 25c
Kirk's Irish Moss 25c Sozodont ¦ : . 20c
Piso Cough Cnre 20c ? Hoff s AUlt - ,-•.,. 25c
Renner'sMalt 20c Pinkham's Compound ••¦ .75c
Hav's Hair Health 4 cc • Mellin's Food • y^C
Anita Cream v;.' 40c Listenne . 75C
MaMna Cream " 35C " . Free^.K-eo-'toranroaJ points Within "
btuart S U^pepsia I abletS 4OC " xoo miles on alorder* ot Si and .up.
The Owl Drug Co.
"Crglng cor
the Moon"
Has become a pro-
verbial phrase to ex-
press the futility of
mere desire. There
are a great many peo-
pie who think it is .as
useless to hope tor health as to cry for the
moon. They have tried many 1 medicines
and many doctors, but all in vain.
A great many hopeless men and women
have been cured by the use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery ; people with
obstinate coughs, bleeding: lungs, night-
¦weats-and other symptoms of disease'
which if neglected or unskillfully treated
£nd a fatal. termination in consumption.
"Golden Medical discovery" has a won-
derful healing po^er. It increases the
¦utrition of the body, and so gives strength
to throw off disease. It cleanses the blood
from poisonous impurities and enriches it
with the red corpuscles of health. It is
not a stimulant, but a strength giving medi-
cine. It contains no alcohol, neither opium,
Cocaine, nor any other narcotic.
Sometimes the extra profit paid by
inferior medicines tempts the dealer to
offer a substitute as "just as good" as "Dis-
covery." If you are convinced that "Dis-
covery" will "cure you accept nothing else.
«I was in poor health when I commenced
taking Dr. Pierce's medicine," writes Mr, Elmer
Lawkr, of Vol^a. Jefferson Co,, Indiana. "I
bad stomach, kidney, heart, and lung trouble.
Was not able to do any wort. I had a severe
cough and hemorrhage of the lungs, b»t after
nsiug jour r.ie.licine a while I commehced to
gain in siren^h and flesh, and stopped cough-
ing right Rwav. Took about six bottles of the
•Golden Me.licaJ Discovery' then, and last
¦prias I I 13 ' 1 Orippe, and it settled on my lunps,
leaving me wi:h r severe cough. I had the
doctor, but he uidn't seem to help me any; so
I commcnrciljour med- [l^^gyjWievy ijpiv vr%
three or" four jmttles of R^^P^CTH^g^iia
Tials^rSr^Hercc's Pel- djj/iyA
enedme up. "i fed tike i*$}
¦ difTCr-:ii '.icrsoii. I
gladly rccotur.irsil your KMaa "£—/— ti
niediciue •-;> :>n suffer- EsftyiML *
ers, for I kuo-.v ii cured K^S^^ -^y
Dr. P-.trce's Pleas- KJE^glS "^/Z
*nt Pellets cure con- g tffSSxf' * /f\
•tipation by curing its fWpBBr^ f
A ljuiic£f has been fcunS that makes hair
grctr Icr.g t.r.'i b*aut:-fu!!y luxuriant. The pro-
prietfvt »::i rs&il to try or.e who sends name
ar.3 a'direti a free, trld racksge cf the remedy
to a test can he made of Its remarkable ln-
r.u^nce ta rtirr.u'.af.ns the ha'.r crowth. A« It
if. a pan r*ttUWf product ycu need . hav«
no hetitanry in usir.g; it ireely aa Jt cannot
h-4-rm the most tender scalp.
Send jcur name and eddr^ss to th« Alten-
hc':s» MeS'.cal D^r^TiEarr. Evl-Botterfleld bulld-
Ir.k. Cincinnati. Ohio, encicsiUB a 5-c»nt rtarap
to*. c<*v<?r r'*"*-tac^. :.:. . they will forward th^
free trial j.ack.2Ee at once. Th^re ;« no pood
reason why you your chllfircn should have
j ot hair. It is r.'ceKiary cs a protection in
}x>th tupisaw and Trlnter ar.d without a jrood
growth of hair a th!l<l or adult in always liable
to co!<?i-. F:"kn«?*s of the rnotber or child of-
tf-n Vtur.s ( r paralyzes the hair roots and years
*r* required for nature to overcome the losa.
V.'lio can fijubt the merit* of this wonderful
jvtnedy «rh*-n we have thousands of testimon-
ials frrm euch unQuestleaatie people ae the
ioMowlrr:
Fays I'roffSEcr Turner, President of Falp-
nnuct College. Sulphur, Kr.: ""After l>»!ns
t *14 for thirty years. I bepan urinir the remedy
!n -1ES;: and in a few weeks thereafter my en-
tire *calp **« covered with a thick downy
growth of new hair. The whole of my hair
¦»•«» cone a frire* around the hat line.
In six weeks vthe bald epot was entirely cov-
ered. I had been " bald fcr thirty years, and
when hair c*n be made to etow on »uch a.
brad, as mine no bald-heajJed perron need fear
ifrf r**u!t»." •
Mile.' Riva, 149 Avenue det Champa Elyseea,
the J&inoui Parisian ccntralto. whose wender-
free Trial Package of This Wonderful Preparation Is
Mailed Free To fill— Send flame and address.
Remarkable Remedy That fSakos The Hair
long, Soft, Silky and l!sssy— iesi 5
Womeo ar Ghiidren, Enn Bald Heads
Can Have a Fine Head of Hair.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tSwamp-Root Is pleasant to take.)
:he great kWney. liver and bladder rera^
.a special arrangement has been made by
ready tried it may have a sample bot-
a book telling all about kidney and blad-
:he thousands upon thousands of testl-
omen cured by Swamp-Root. In writing
•ous offer In The San Francisco Sunday
Kilmer & Co., Bingrhamtori. X. • T. " • :
It used to be considered that only urin-
ary and bladder troubles Were to "b«
traced to the kidneys, but now modern
science proves that nearly all diseases
have their beginning In the disorder of
these most important organs. .
The kidneys filter and purify the blood;
that is their work. . . •
Therefore when your kidneys are weak
or out of order you can understand how
quickly your entire body- is affected, and
how every organ seems to fail id do Its
duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly" begin
taking the famous- new discovery, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root. . because as . soon
as your kidneys are -well they -will help
all the other organs to health. " A trial
will convince anyone.'
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
sponsible for more sickness and- suffering
than any other di?ea.se, and if permitted
to continue fatal results are sure to fol-
low. Kidney trouble Irritates' the nerves,
makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and
irritable: makes you .pa«« . -water often
during the day, and obliges you to get
up many times during the night; causea
puffy or dark circles under the eyes,
rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the blad-
der, pain or dull ache in the back, joint*
and muscles, makes your head ache and
back ache, causes Indigestion, stomach
and liver trouble: you get a sallow, yel-
low complexion; makes you' feel as
though you had heart trouble: you may
have plenty of ambition but no strength;
get weak and waste away.
The cure for the?e troubles Is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the . world-fainou*
kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root
you afford natural help to nature, for
S^ramp-Root Is the most perfect healer
and gentle aid to the kidneys that la
known to medfeal science.
If there is any doubt in your mind 'a*
to your condition take from j your urine
on rising about four ounces, place It In
a glass or bottle and let It «tand twenty-
four hour*. If on examination it is milky
or cloudy, if .there Is a rtrick-rJu«t settling
or if small 'particles float about In Its
your kidneys are in need of Immediate
attention.
Swamp-Rcot i" pleasant to tak-e and is
used in the leadlncr hospital*, recom-
mendf>d by phystcians In their private
practice and Is taken by doctors them-
Felves who have Vldney ailments, "because
they recopnlre In it -the preatest and
most jturressful remedy for kidney, liver
and bladder troubles.
If yo'j are alrendy convinced that
Swamp-Ro^t Is what you need .you c<\n
nurrhase tb<» regular 5n-cent and JT size
bottles at the drugstores everywhere.
EDITORIAL NCmcF. -Swamp-Root, t
edy. Is so remarkably successful' that
which all our readers who have not ali
tie sent absolutely free by mail: also i
der troubles, ar.d containing many of t
monlal letters received from men and w
be sure and mention readinsr this genep
Call -when sending 1 your address to Dr.
To Prove what the Great 'Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root, Will
Do for YOU, all onr Readers May Have a Sample
Buttle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and
Never Suspect It,
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Owl Drug Co. Hji
Dependable Drugs lt|\||!
Cut- Rate Druggists t^lS^i
1128 Market St. San Francisco
Broadway 6c 10th St. Oakland JOSaKS
.
k <4aUk*SLM>A*'
i5 3S55^^s2?*2i>52?"^
II SWAMP-ROOT i||
||p Kidney. Liver ar.d Bladder Jfjjijl
j gr Hay tote ore, r»o cr tlree jffif jS
kSS 1 teaspopnfuis before cr after xaea^ J jj, <m
•IfiRJ! Children, less aes<Trd32s to ase. JL V
: r<8« ¦ May coranjtcce wita sroaJ doses if ! |i
i;5ffl tad iz^Tvif* to r^ldc5"cr r.ore. ! I 2
Ijjjj «e the cafe iroiJ serru to re^Tilro. e '.i 6
IH' TLls pr-at remedy oirrs all if 2
:j!tj§j kidncr. lir»r. bladder aaU Uric His
i'n Ac. J troubles i and disorders A-.9 Egu
: n to w»al; kiilaer*. Rich ta catarrh S^JiS
j| jbjj of tho bladilrr, »r— wf!. rhru:rjw ' r*J fe
; L»t asr. lcjnba«r» ar.d BrVfcfs Tl» 813*1
] ra en»». ¦r-hk-h ir the worsJ farsi of. | f$«3
' yi 1: 13 plta.'ast to tii«. I^SiS
' Wi DR. KILMER & CO. J{g8
|j,g BI.'JGHAMTON. N. Y. rp'l
j; §g Sold by all Drns^inta. Lyi MUncle Sam's Costly Mailcar Sarvice.
Uncle Ram is easy. lie pays $3,500,000 a
year for the rent of 500 postal cars which
could be built for $2,000,000. and they would
last for twenty years. The old gentleman
also paid one cent a. pound for eaqh fifty
six miles of distance that the railroads
hauled the mails. This is about fifty
times as much as is charged for carrying
merchandise.
CARRIES CREW OF A
WRECKED SCHOONER
German Tank Steamer Bremerhaven
Picks Up Men From tho • •
George Bailey.
PHILADELPHIA, " March 2.— The Ger
man tank steamer Bremerhaven, from
Antwerp, signaled to the reporting sta
tion at Reedy Island, Delaware, as she
passed up the Delaware River en route
to this city, that she has on- board the
shipwrecked crew of ten men of the
schooner George Bailley. Captain Peck
with, which left Baltimore January ¦ 29
with a cargo of coal for Bahla, Brazil.
Accept Senate Amendment.
WASHINGTON. March 2.— The river
and harbor conferees have progressed so
that they could report within an hour
after the two houses had sanctioned a
conference. At the samo time there are
several important Items still in dispute
including the arid land provisions. Agree
ments have been reached on most of tha
large Items and in the main the Senate
reductions are accepted by the Houso
conferees, with some shifting of amounts
from contract to Immediate gp*>rp"**J" > .'f —
BORROWS MONEY ON NAME
OF SENATOR CUXBERSO2J
Stranger Is Realizing Fair-Sized
Sums by Representing Himself
to Bo tha Senator.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— Senator Cul
berson of Texas has been very much an
noyed by the actions of a man who is
traveling about the country and borrow
ing money upon the representation that
ho in either the Senator himself or the
Senator's brother. Letters have been re
ceived from various places in the State of
New York and from Chicago and Louis
ville representing that recent caHs have
been made upon prominent people by- the
individual in question. He frequently se
loots for his victims ex-members of th;
House of Representatives who knew the
Senator's father there, and appears to
have no difficulty in securing fair-sized
sums from them. Senator Culberson says
that he has only one brother, Robert L T .
Culberson, who resides in San Antonio,
Texas, and that he (the Senator) has not
b ren traveling recently. He asks that
friend? of his advance no money to others
on his account.
PRESIDEUT SUBMITS
LIST OF NOMINATIONS
Number of Officers in the Navy Are
Recommended for Advance
ment.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— The" Presl-
dent to-day sent tha following nomina
tions to the Senate:
J. K. Hartley of Mlssoula, Mont., to bo
Mineral Land Commissioner in Montana.
Postmasters — California — Frank M
Bangham, Susanville; George W. Humph
ries. Dunsmuir.
Navy— Thomas C. Wood, • formerly a
lieutenant, for an advancement of eight
numbers; George. II. Norman Jr., for
merly a lieutenant, junior grade, for an
advancement of eight numbers; John-T.
Ellison, formerly »n ensign, for an ad
vancement of one number: John F, Brans
ford, formerly an assistant surgeon, for
an advancement of one number; Alex
ander Brown, formerly an assistant pay
master, for an advancement of one num
ber. " '.
JUDGE HANECY NAMED
FOR MAYOR OF CHICAGO
Republicans Iileet in Convention and
Nominate Men for Important
/ / ; Places.
CHICAGO, March 2.— Judge Elbridge
Hanecy of the Circuit Court of Cook
County was ilaceQ in nomination for
Mayor of Chicago by the Republican
City Convention to-day. The nomination
was not made until the fourth ballot and
followed one of the most stubborn con
tests ever held In a local convention. On
that ballot Judge Hanecy received 485
ballots, or fifteen more than necessary
to nominate. Although there were sev
eral candidates, the fight for the nomina
tion was practically a three-cornered one
between the machine Republicans, sup
porting Judge Hanecy, and the anti-ma
chine and Independent Republicans, 'sup
porting John M. Harlan, and the German
Ktpulilicans, whose candidate was Wil
liam Uoldenvveclc, former president of tha
Beard of Drainage Commissioners.
Nominations for other offices resulted
as follows: " City Treasurer, Adolph
Gartz; City Clerk, Thomas O'Shagnessy;
City Attorney, Oscar Hebel.
2JEW EXTBADITION TREATY
•WITH SWITZERLAND
Countries Have Been Getting Along
Very Unsatisfactorily Under
General Provisions.
WASHINGTON. March 2.— The PreM
rir-nt has issued a proclamation putting in
{¦ rce a new rxiradltion treatv between
the United States and Switzerland. Up to
this point the two countries have be;?n
petting along in an unsatisfactory man
ner as to extradition matters, under some
very general provisions contained in two
or "three sections of the old treaty of
amity and commerce, and It has boon
deemed better to modernize the arrange
ment. The new treaty Is of the usur.l
type, and where citizens are concerned a.
country is allowed its discretion in deliv
ering up its own.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— The last 3f
the big supply bills of the Government—
the general deficiency measure-^-wa*
passed by the Senate to-day, thus clearing
the deck for final . adjournment of Con
gress. The Indications, are now that the
Senate will do little more than consider
conference reports dur'ng the remainder
of the session. Under the legislative day
of Saturday a session will be held to
morrow, beginning at 3 p. m. In addition
to the general deficiency bill the measure
increasing the cost of public buildings
in thirty-two States, known as the omni
bus House bill, was passed. The bill in
creases the aggregate more than
$2,0tX>.000.
In the course of the day's session Ctay
of Georgia delivered a prepared speech
In favor of the construction by this Gov
ernment of the Nicarazua canal.
At tho night session Chandler called up
the resolution heretofore oftered by him
self declaring that William A. Clark of
Montana had not been duly elected to the
Senate and was preparing to speak upon
it when Allen cuggericed the absence of a
quorum. Twenty minutes was required
to secure the attendance of a majority of
the members of the Senate.
Objects to Criticism.
Chandler' offered a substitute for the
original resolution reciting Clam's former
retirement from the Senate.
In his speech Chandler quoted from an
address made by Clark in Montana las l
January, in which Chandler was criticized
in connection with the Senate investiga
tion of Clark's former election. Chandler
being the chairman ol the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, by which the
motion was made.
Chandler declared he had done nothing
to warrant Clark's cri'.iclsm and he quot
ed the report made by himself and also
by the minority of the committee to sub
stantiate this statement. He declare!
that Clark's vacation of his seat was a
virtual confession of the justice of tho
decision of the committee. f If, he said,
Clark had been innocent he would have
remained for the Senate's continued in-
OJJiry.
"liis fight fixed a stigma of criminality
on Clark which can never be blotted out,"
Chandler said.
Clark's Expenses.
Chandler declared that Clark had spent
$1,000,000 in his last election, but said he
had. followed the plan of corrupting
voters before the November election
rather than to wait for the meeting of
the Legislature to spend his money. Ho
said the facts could be ascertained if the
Senate desired to make an investigation.
He charged a gross, deliberate and willful
violation of the Montana statute provid
ing that returns should be made of cam
paign expenses. To his mind the infer
ence was clear that Clark. had secured his
election by corrupt practices, and itwouM
be astonishing if a man could be admitted
to a seat in the Senate when he had once
been convicted of bribery.
Chandler submitted a statement giving
in detail his estimate of the expenditures
made by Clark in his various Vampaigns.
placing the ag-gregate llgurc at $2,069,850.
Pettus of Alabama briefly replied to
Chandler's speech, saying that it was un
timely.
"If," he paid, "a man Injures another it
causes him to hate that man, for every
time he sees that man he feels mean and
charges tho feeling to the man he has
wronged. It is a terrible picture we have
had hero to-night; let us turn away from
it and pass on." • !
Responding to this sally Chandler said
he had simply joined with Pettus in a
verdict that Clark should not be given* a
»>at in the Senate because he had been
guilty of bribery.
Jones of Arkansas presented the cre
dentials of Senator W. A. Clark, which
were received and placed on .file.
Jones then read his motion to take up
for consideration his resolution to dis
charge the Committee on Judiciary from
further consideration of the' anti-trusi
bill. The motion was lost. 24 to 35.
Pettigrew moved that the Senate pro
ceed to the consideration of the bill re
quiring railroad companies to report ac
cidents on their lines to the Interstate
Commeroo Commission. The motion prfi
vailed, but the conclusion of tho consid
eration of the bill had not been reached
when the hour of 10:30. the time fixed
for taking: «¦ recess, arrived. The Senate
therefore took a recess until 3 o'clock to
morrow.
Chandler Declares That
Clark of Montana Was'
Not Duly Elected.
Submits a Statement Giving in De
tail the Expenses of the Mon
tanan During His Vari
ous Campaigns.
SENATE PASSES
DEFICIENCY BILL
Appropriations Increased.
WASHINGTON. March 2:— The t>mnlbu»
Becoming Highly Civilized^
• Six wealthy: cjutrmen in New York have
pafd.-.$I6O.O0O"fp.r a site ln;East Forty-ninth
street.: ojri . whfeh. they will erect a $:so,ooo
aj>ijrtm€r.t-ho!3:Ee". frit thrmsptves and thHr
¦bachefor friends.'. An automabllp. entrance*
and jeja^omfe. 'quarters for hrvrswless.ve
htcle$ are- to 1j6- one of the features.— Ex
change.:.; ¦.'.;¦.¦;.¦ v: ; . ¦•--:•: ¦•'¦...• : - ". .:¦• '-.-.:..;.:
Frank -W. Pijjher,
Receiver of tho. California Sho$.Co:, -will
offer to-morrow as a -spcpkU JndTJ?ement
m.e.h's up-to-date shoes in- tan. -and black;, 1
lace or congress; 'wort>j S3! for $1.25 a pnir,
at the bankrupt shoe" sale "of thft Califor
nia, 1506 Market St., near "City-; Hall, aye.*
Cannon, .Barney and. Livingstone as-con-",
ferees. . . ' . • ¦. : "• . •
The conference on the bill amending tho
laws relating to Alaska was agreed .to.. • .
At 10:30 p." m- the House "took "a .recess
until 3 p. rri.. to-morrow* " . ..¦''•'¦¦"-¦ '
public. tulMirlgs bill passed by both houses
to-day carried the following Increase*
among: others: Boise. City, Idaho, $"00 ooo
t.0 .1250.000; Cheyenne. Wye. S25O.GGO to J30<> -
000: .Butt*; Jlbnt.v $200,000 to J225Ci>'>-
HeKna, Sldnt.. JSOO.DOf) .to $350 000- Sa't
HOUSE TO HOLD
SUNDAY SESSION
Many Important Bills Are
Passed Under Suspen
sion of Rules.
Edict Relating to Prosecutions Under
the Timber Culture Act Is Ex
tended to California, Ore
tron and Washington.
Bills were passed for the relief of Lieu
tenant Richard H. Townley/ IT. S. A., re
tired, and to authorize the Secretary of
the Navy to loan naval equipment to cei
tain military' schools. The House then,
at Ti o'clock, took a recess until 9:30 p. m.
Inaugural crowds filled the galleries at
the night .session,- which began at 9:10
o'clock. Attention was given to routine
business. ¦ Bills were passed to. authorize
the Portland, Nehallem and Tillamook
Railway Company to construct a bridge
across Salom Bay and River. Oregon; to
provide for pub-ports of entry and deliv
ery in Flawaii; amefhding; the statutes so
as to increase the number of reserve fund
cities, and extending the edict relating to
prosecutions under the timber culture act
to California. Oregon and "Washington. '
.The Senate amendments to the de
ficiency appropriation bill v;ero disagreed
to and the bill sent to conference, with
Bills were passed to amend the act es
tablishing a civil, government in AlasK'a
and for the reward of enlisted men of th<»
navy, and marine corps. Southard of Ohio,
chairman of the Coinage," Weigths and
Measures Committee, then secured the
passage, under suspension of the rules, of
the bill to create a national standardizing
bureau. . . • • -
The bill was defeated by 117 to 79, two
thirds not having voted in the affirmative.
It was 11:10 when the roll call was com
pleted and the result was announced. As
the regular hour for meeting had already
passed, the House- could not adjourn, so
the legislative day of Friday continued.
As the House will n.ot adjourn again until
sine die adjournement flt noon on Mon
day there will bo no Saturday in thy
House proceedings.
Mercer of Nebraska, chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings, was rec
ognized and moved the passage under sus
pension of the rules of the "omnibus pub
lic building bill."
The bill was passed.-
Rewards for Enlisted Men.
Bailey declared that the men. behind the
pending bill were not entirely sincere in
trying to protect savages from the bane
ful influences of intoxicating liquors.
Why were not the Philippines and the
'Hawaiian Islands included? . He under
stood that since the. American regime be
gan there over 1000 saloons had sprung up
in Manila. In Hawaii, "where saloons were
unknown, "until we benevolently assimi
lated them," there were now over 400 sa
loons. Bailey contended that .offenders
under the bill could not be punished.
They could not be tried in any Federal
court in America, in spite of the fiction in
the bill that such offenses should be con
sidered to have been committed on the
high seas.
Uillett of Massachusetts in reply to
Bailey's suggestion regarding the lega^;
phrase of the bill said that the "fiction"
was copied from law applying to the
guano islands which had been sustained
by the Supreme Court.
Bailey demanded a second "and then
brought matters to a complete standstill
oy making the point of no.quorum. A call
of the House was ordered and the ser
geant at arms was instructed to bring in
absentees. It was 10:20 before ' enough
members were brought in to make up the
quorum. Sperry then proceeded to explain
that the bill was designed to prevent the
sale by Americans of firearms and intoxi
cants to the aborigines of the New Heb
rides.
The Speaker then recognized Sperry of
Connecticut to move the passage -under
suspension of the rules of the Senate bill
to prohibit the sale of firearms, opium and
intoxicating liquors in certain islands of
the Pacific. •
Bailey of Texas objected to action upon
all bills by unanimous Consent. He was
appealed to on all sides not to block pro
ceedings, but he refused to yield. The
Speaker had refused him recognition a"nd
he was obdurate. • .
Obstruction Attempted.
WASHINGTON. March 2.— Throughout
to-day the House has been In the throes
of the closing hours of- the session, with
many measures clamoring for attention
and with crowded galleries looking down
upon the weary. legislators. Work began
at 9 a, m. and proceeded until .5 in the
afternoon, when a recess was taken until
9:30 p. m. to permit conference reports to
be framed. Under suspension of the rules
a number of .important bills were passed,
including those for a national standard
izing bureau, for conferring bronze med
als on the enlisted men of the navy and
marine corps for distinguished heroism,
to amend the Chinese exclusion laws and
what is known as the "omnibus public
building bill," enlarging the appropriation
for some forty public buildings. The leg
islative appropriation bill was also finally
disposed of and many i conferences were
advanced to a stage which gave' promise
that there would be no failure of impor
tant legislation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
16
k^° are ust rcnYizmg the responsibilities of manhood
*"W*' V and who find themselves handicapped in Life's Battle by
¦jyT|^'Sij reason of the errors and dissipation of early youth, un-
iilCil^ fitting them for the station in life that is the goal of every
able-bodied man, should not hesitate a day, but call or
write for the advice of our physicians. WE UNDERSTAND YOUR
AFFLICTION and can restore you to strength and vigor. OUR LIT-
TLE BOOK. WHICH WE SEND FREE/SHOULD BE READ BY
EVERY. YOUNG MAN. The information itcontains is worth hun-
dreds of dollars to him.
MIR!!! F Who find themselves growing old before their time,
111 li-H/A^J-*"" who rind the Fire of Youth burning low. the aches
A /"* E*T^ an d pains of the aged slowly creeping upon them —
/HjDl/ with that pain across the small of the back that grows
TWrr«vr worse instead of better ; that IRRITABLE, NER-
MbN VOUS. DESPONDENT FEELING that WILL
NOT be shaken off. It means you nerd our treat-
ment. Consul our Physicians, avail you: selves of our FREE CON-''
SULTATION and rid yourselves of your ailments before it is too late.
f\T T\ Who realize that they are not as 'strong as they used to be,
*J *-*U an( i those who are suffering from Kidney and Bladder
UTT?KT TrouWcs « Rheumatism. Lumbago, Impaired Digestive Organ?.
lUJui\ Constipation. Faulty Circulation and the Kindred Diseases.
THAT COME WITH YEARS, can obtain relief quickly and
surely by consulting DR. MEYERS & CO. ; Remember, there is no
charge for Consultation either at our office or by mail. OUR FREF
BOOK DESCRIBING YOUR AILMENTS SENT FREE.
"VV^F* AT QO L °st Visror. Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses.
" *-*. -«-"«V Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility. Stricture. R«p-
;¦ PTTDU turc, Tumors. Varicocele. Special Diseases, Eczema,
\J U iiU Cancer. Sleeplessness, Rheumatism. Neuralgia, Kid-
ney Diseases, Bladder Diseases. Spine Diseases. Liver
Diseases, Heart Diseases, Blood . Diseases. Skin Diseases, Stomach Dis-
eases, Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases. Lung Diseases. Rectal Diseases.
HO1VTF DR - MEYERS & CO. have perfected a system
ixv ' A ' J - x -' of home treatment where, by the TRUTHFUL
TUV ATlYFFItfT answering of the questions of
1 nLt A 1 ifl-LlH I OUR DIAGNOSIS SHEET and sending us a
I '.'.. SAMPLE OF THE URINE FOR ANALY-
SIS. *ve can positively arrive at the tree diagnosis of your complaint as
ireadily as though the patient were in our office. Twenty years' experience
•;has made our physicians experts, and our success in curing -diseases by
"Home Treatment has never been equaled.
T7RFP Our litt!c twenty-four page book contains a world of PRI-
r UPC* VATE INFORMATION, knowledge that every man should
p f\r\ XT e familiar with. A thorough understanding of its contents
IJUUiV. would be of more value than words could express. It cx-
• - plains those things that you have often wished you knew, in
language you cannot help but. understand.
I IT IS FREE. WRITE FOR IT.
1 ;OTTR NO PAY TILL CURED. If you have the
, .- i- VSl/lA least doubt of our ability to restore you ' to
PTT AP A MTCT7 kea^h, and wish to try our methods and treat-
VlUiiAiiil ILtLJ ment. you may deposit the price- of a cure in
/¦ " •: ; any SAN FRANCISCO BANK— not to be
paid to DR. & CO. till a cure is effected. PATIENTS. IF
THEY PREFER. MAY PAY IN EASY MONTHLY INSTALL-
*1EXTS. •
F=F*EE GONSULTATiaiV,
OD yE¥CRQ£ Pfl 70 1 Market Street,
Eli IVIC I End 06 b I? 1 1 I UI San Francisco
' : TAKE ELEVATOR. Hoars— 8 to 5 Daily; ETsnlni* 7 to 8; ropdayi 9to !!.
JJ ¦¦' , : ADVEBTISEMEasrrS. -
| ; New Silk Foulards, Great Sale of Fine Wash Fabrics, |
¦ 2^3 Klr«t crand exhibition aiid eale of exclusive styles of nevr An Introductory showing and B3le of the handsomest and "^"
,«p»— printed Foulards. TTiese dainty Silks come more beautiful than choicest lines of American and forelRn cotton fabrics ever exblb-
SI ever. We fcave erfry reaecn to expect to sell more Silk Foulards J** 4 - « r . and assortment of Scotch ZephJ-r _GInghama and Cham- --«
&Z th.n M y other hou.e In this city. XV. ought to. for our assort- %£*££"$?* X& 3
¦fc— tnent !« net -only the largest; but our prices ere always so much object to buy early— and buy here. "> — fg
'•*¦ lower than; others. : . n c nj—U,, JC« Yarrf E00 pieces fine Irish I>lmltles. the choicest :^
s^= '• " • ' • Z '' t ul « lll F **>» IdfUi styles, ln dots, serolls and strip**: new -^»
Tfl finDDfWJ'C OnCniAl nCC r I5IMP eprlnsr colorings as Pink, Reseda, Light Blue, Navy. Lavender, — «
X= IU-mUnnUVl 0 OrtblAL UrrCnlllbi Red. Black and White: every yard worth SSe. ¦ Special ]K C
S^ 5»£5C TAI^ D — 2"0 pieces :|-lnch Silk Foulards, all new. dainty. Jn. \ w i rcae OC. Yard Embroidered Tissues and Swisses, the
mm— *JUV exquisite designs m BcroIIs, dots and Dresden, fine satin tub vKltoii Acu InlUi season's most de=lrable and popular
5= finish: : Rwda. Old Rose.- Cadft. Turquoise. New Blue, fabrics. In exclusive designs; fancy embroidered and corded Us- -^»
~Z BroVB,- Tan, Black, and White; extra fine quality. Price Offt C tues. ln Xew Green. Porcelain Blue. Pink. lavender. l\tSL r =S
••••¦• Yara VJ>«^^ Blackand White; every yard worth 40c. Special at. ...Yard -£»tJ^ _**,•
£ 7=c Black T?«eta S7 n ,";ys.rSvi°^r^S'^,f,-?3" Jfew Hercerizr d gr^t^<^S^£SS?t 1 ?^»t 1 "' S 3
S for 59c Yard. SSI^IkE Cotlo » MA &E bdsS &' 3
Mona*y . . 1... ..." .?.. Tarf"59C gjf £™%? ln *' Gra >'- and Black and White. Q^ C
g 98t^i^€MdHS^Si^i^S Sp Vlfl^^V^ n^^^^^ ln 2
££ nSorfBfSi «? Cream. Llpht PJu^. Pink. Old Rom. Reseda. Navy, SHEETING AND Pi LLO WC ASI WC.
a^. rar^'nol. Cadet. Violet and Blark; a $1.50 quality. Spe- OQ C An exceptional purchase, far below the mill prices, of two
«»— --a'--.-------- r xara «^v_»%* widths bloached Sheptinp and Pillow Casing enables us to make — «J
Plsrif RrPniffinPQ A "«««««« arsortment of the very I™ M ' T,' T^V . »"£ (l [^ nt^^ ts
v- Cktft OIIR OieillDincS. newest styles in Black Silk Grenadines * cases «-inch Bleached Sheeting, eood standard qual- |O(> -»• I
gT*~ t*iat are *o popular this season for rich costumes; ln stripes, lty - Price Yard ll ' v ,
m~— - checks and ilpuics; 44 Jnchesr wide, at 2 cases 46-inch Pillow Casing, eood quality. Price tClf ~3
J*-; i : *1.25, ?IX»O to ?3.OO a Yard Yard »W*
tiw .' ' ' "~*f
£ BUCK DRESS GOODS. 2— 3HEAT LEADERS— 2 L',CE COLLARS /-ND BOLERO JACKETS .3
g= Rare Values for Monday and |fj pni nqcn nRP^? m.in^ On Special Sale for Monday.
ZI • TuCSdaV. " lULUIItU Ulit55 lU'JUi. Anticipating the demand there will be
•»— ' •«»««« Tii)n_"i f^^T, p.,,. flni«>, < hp comlnK Reason for Arabian and Venice —*»
85c CheWot for 57c Yard. S!S®S^£S3SiS S&SS^&ffSteg i
5f An.v.- r i nmrk Chrvict fun « gereda, c7r<lTSal" French Bl'ue?' Ql^ on Ppecial sale for to-morrow:
-£; irtd*. Fhrunk and. sponged; Rood rZfr Grar. Special at Yard O « *7Q/- EACH-10 dozen Venice Lace Col-
value at Sac. Fpecial at Yard OC.^ * C 4?C Urs. large size, beautiful de;
SI. 25 Gfl:¥ Ot IDF 88C Ya'tl. Cirp *l BATRn^^ Ifl A QQr EACH-1« dozen Venice Lace Col- 13
sfc PMnch Tlack Cameli Hair Chsv'.ot. an tiSt ALHAIttt'il) M-3U A OUH . »G>C Jars, very fine quality, elegant <1e- -^
ertra p-vxl ; quality . Bhnink and spnr.tred; Extra quality fine All-Wool AJbatros?, )n s!m?; worth " 1 * 11 m
Jil repu'.ar vaiue. Jl 2S. Fpeclal at QO/. the latest coloring* "f OH Rose. Reseda. /( ,oo 5 dozen Arabian and Venice 'Do- — *g
s^- • .,..:.:... Yard OOW Tan. Hluet. Castor. I^averuler. Oray. Pink. O ~* lero Jackets; regular value. JJO.OO _^»
StT ...._.... . . - niue. Cream and D'.ack. Special <?*>.•"•«> — *»
ZZ S!.5O Blaafe Venetian for 98c at j^- 1 Suit *>*— NCYELTY ALBATR05S WAISTS $3.50 3
•E- _ 4 : ;" il I r^ A1I - Wo0 ' Venetian Clotb, «>ler«nt. ...'««_:- . - Verv Parisian looking lined throughout; ~«
»>- rich flnlfh: regular value »1 XA QO C IMPORTANT SALE OF covered with tiny plaits daintily stitched.
J^; Ter M- nday anj Ti3osday....Ynrd UOV Iffiruniftttl 3H1-U. UT cluster of small Kilt buttons on front end — *
•*— _, - I AR'F^' AHH PH ; ! RRFN'^ HfKP CU«»; the wliole waist very effective: in -^»
S= RitfF nT.Vp PV7KT LAU.ca AHd UHiLunta a nuit J hadea nf Itose^ Rttli P , nkv Light wue. =S
-^ -. a. , V m . For Monday and Tuesday. Nlto and Cream. On sale at.... CQ.5O -g
SI.75 Gens for JI25 a Pair. 14c— Wcrih ?0c S^T 1^ . nae » lxl :::::1 -^
fc It taf . «vlnr of N« en each pair. An ™ n £££ do^^lu^ SSSSdS? UL? OF FINE SILK DRESS SKIRTS. =2
£Z «npara!Ulo.l oCertn* bcor.use they are of ,, erfe ctly «talnlr» fast Mack: sizes 5 to 9 w " L " Ul ,' • ,, uuuu»i u^.ii i «.
the liirlim^ prs.-e. secured sfa rr«at dis- ' .,, , _ .,.,....,.. A new Fhipment from our New "i ork
"•»-. crT;nt frnm a rrl'able Grenoble r.:aker. VgG WQnn 35^ l- a ' l!<>s f"k nnished vyeT to be ajfled to our Breat sale of _TJ
JWpain. ladles.' Pique 2-clnsp Kid 7 .,.,,,, i , Ot J ict ?' . e^t sample Silk Dress Skirts. Sale beRins to-
mSZ- Olovrji in shades rf Tan Mode, Gray. Ox len Kth, full fashioned, double foot with morrow , Over one hundred dilTerent styles ~*»
•— mood. m»'li and White: every pair "fiue<1 whitc ". Si^' or Um>iC Eoles ; regular value ,„ seloct from . judgins from last week 1 8
HZ anil Eruarai>'.e.<3: worth $1 'j. On FRle for * c - Fales our Fkirt section will be busier than —«*
Bfc— Monday end Tuesday at CIS' any in town. — *g
E • •• :±™ rair bI - NEW C1TT0N SHIRT WAISTS. . , ,ni F ycp Fr iii 3
S= !iini C V VFSTN |PP— Wnrih 9 C r Vl > f { "t the season with the handsomest A Lls»lflB OrtlllAL.
ZT^ LKUI-O ftOIJ leb IIU.U i..\i> . styies ln white and colored cotton shirt HpV-H IVrrlll 0»f brocade Armure -*•
«^— LlFle f.rsiFh^i Maco Cotton. Iot neck. waists ever displayed. Our Waist Depart- ' *« lel " »»IIIH «-vU. Skirt L»lnlnp, fine r^
VT~ rhnrt pleeve Vests, a fine wearing par- rr.ent has grown dally in popularity. There liRht-weifrht quality; colors of Navy, Fur- _^ m
m— ment. in pink. h!ue, white and ecru. Spe- is a pood reason for it. Great variety and pie. Cerise, Turquoise, New Blue, Cardinal, —^
•^2 oia ' at l^ e each. lpw prlcts make It so. Come and see them. Bottle Green and Black. 22
2^ BL*CK VELVET country orders receive prompt attention. jy^j- R£Q£|YEO.
E F!EB:)KS • ~" Complete lines rt 3
'f . " ¦ . ¦;-;¦; "•••-. . 'rasa *
JL gwi.iii.ii^ipif.u ¦Liymiij r ui J Mj l j iL '. ' CASCAI^TS Candy C^iK^Hic,the^^
*^ *^ JL^^. 3i • c^ taMet. stamped C. C* C; Never sold fa hUtfd ¦ lriiiU~ : < 'I -^ \
"^ L > '^^^^r >^^ < \ ' ttons and substitutes are sometimes off ered by dealers l^ho &
* W^MilM J^O JL^ J REJS are called for f% became the fake! pays a . Uittem6rer:l ¦•¦£ ¦
& 3 !^ ¦ I ¦ Profit. Get the genuine (^SCARETS; and witfc&satis-r^:* -
JT • " "^ ¦ ' faction or money refandedrr-read 'i^aafee&/wi i ." > 'j,'v- ¦ i^T; :
j^ fflj&wjf >^» jfflj^r C\\ ID I5CCTT TTr*|C*'T'ITI Jl/^vi\i| a a ¦ • -V :"¦ •-¦•.•;¦.•'¦ :; ' •-•¦•'! : V. '¦;;-• .-':^ ;
I BEST F °" B0WEL^ AND LIVERS J? I
X THE 1 ABLET . ¦ •¦.•••. . ; • : ;• v •¦ ¦ d&ttszsztqt??
Jtd. ». .GUARANTEED TO CTTKE »11 Tx>wel troubles, appendicitis, litllonsnesa. • OTTA H »\TFrn Tn 'mrn'n *•>. " •"' *'".'•¦ • • '".'•¦ •"'. '"¦' ¦"-'." •¦¦'• >
~j* bad breath, batl Mood, wind on the itomch, hliatpj bowtli, fonl nonthl rAnCTS^.Xlrf I vIPm 1 ' 1151 '".'»»• Sean'Bgo «h : «> flri« b»x 6T 0\g- ' ~ it
.^S* Plexion and dlxzlDem. When jonr bowrli <lon r t move rczalarly you are «w£it »J.«i»««i.i ir '"''i*?!*.! 1 nbtolnte proof or nretit mrrtt-. and ¦ ": •"" 3 •'
t K*i Mn| « ' leU ' Con.tlpatl-n kills raore people than nil other KUitoRthen to™ m^oV So^e^^ftf l i B *i^"feT r I U Belf *A^i-ffSrs "bVoVotVly . Z?4m
4« 'S» Is a • "tarter Tor tbe chronic aliments and Ionic years or ¦uftt-i-loa that come tkeiakwr £i«Mt «S^ m^5, iK. n- i e *!li ««b«Tt<Hl»r..t*» O«e boxM, e w« :...'. -2.
T* artei-rrprd*. >'o mallfr what .III yon, start Inkins CAWIAREtS today, tor aftcVnsln£^ one SO* Tboi^JKJlt ™f le direction., aad Ifyon .irf not »i!:,'5r«l ¦ A' ¦¦
«. jonwlli never get well and bo well all the time until you put rour bowcli na h» STAir ..rt.j~ i'. 1^?™ the «nn«e«» 5©<i b«x nod thr.eniotr box to • ". .TT
• • • _ . . ¦ . . ." V " " V: V "^T . . !
This is the shirt . \vaisi siore of SanFrancisc-?.
There is absolutely no doubt of the supremacy of
our. stocks and styles. . . ¦'-... ¦..[.¦ ; \
YpiiM find shirt waist novelties here to be found
! in n > niher Skn Francisco:store. You'll find exc.u-
\ sive ejffecis-, .oul-of-th.e-prdimry designs, and all at
¦the.srnaliesr/bf fair prices. : ; ;: .;. ; : : -S .;;';¦• ¦
• . We repeat that ; this ; is; the shirt \vaist store of
San Francisco.' ' •„ •;: . -. ; ".•¦ A . v ; •¦¦:.¦. v : .; ¦-•,.:¦;
You're, welcorne.:;" .'••¦;;.: y'y\ '¦ ; ; '.
' The hexsr ' t: New tailor-
] trimmines '".*:•¦ '-"¦" made suits ;
We've never shown ?uch an as- ¦'.-. We've toid^ of our $21 suits —
sortment of dress trimmings as we they're won-deTful ¦valae-r-aiid we've
• are showing now. : . ¦ ". • . .' told of oiir $20 suits arid of how
i We've. never-bought kcaviljr beautifnlly they fit. ¦;
and never gathered such a bold line . j ¦ ¦•..-. >"'* r *
! of novelties • .'• ¦¦¦¦'"¦ And now to the tellinff of our I
\ This year we are experimenting, $17-50. suits/ Of black : or oavy I
I We will spare nothing. to jpet the .broadcloth>-elegantly ; tailored an.l P
yery newest of Parisian n-ov.eltijss^- as perfect in fit: as the $20 line.; . I
\ we will present a line-of dress.trim- j -The new standing L'Aiglon Col- ' H
1 mings which;, .for style and novelty ; i ar ( a military effect), silk-faced B
1 and exclusiveness. have never beea j C^iar and lapel— pointed back— bell M
I . equaled in San Francisco.' •• • . j Cu ff ¦ an d sleeve, flounce skirt— H
; Such a stock deserves -..an. im- 1 double-breasted • revere front— i\
t mense patronage, and -the results ; modest, yet stvlish— well made, yet H
will guide us in the purchases of fu- : ] ow i y pr i ce d. "They will be ready ||
*ture years: . " • . "• to-morrow— $17.50. :. I]
; The department >5 ready. " The . ¦. . • ."•.:, '1
stocks are here-— Gold and Persian GlOVeS : M
Bands, Gold Mixed Battenbergs, ." • ¦ , . ¦••. ••.¦.¦.¦. ;' ':¦ : ¦.¦•/:.¦. t\
'¦ Gold Mixed Arabian . Allovers. W e re ready-^now with plenty of g
i Laces in festoon effects, Insertions i B'oves— a big demand has handi- K
' to match. • ¦ v ¦' ¦-'• : '." capped us— sold more than we H
. = , .'. could .'get. But now we've plenty — p
¦ Wash Skirts . and'.in all«coldrs and in every size. H
Of Russian crash, with .buttons i ¦£? I J x . m V a = *' """ •'SJ*«- rf
on side— very new .;...-.,.. J?1,5O| Waldorfs. ....^l-V H
I Of Linen— pleats down : side— in i White^ Tans, Navy, Pearls. Reds, n
\ two colors, light and dark. .$3.00 ! Lilac, Modes, Browns. Black, etc. |]
I A bargain for you. " |
Mercerized cotton underyests— sleeveless— for shirt §j
waists and warm days— pink; white, blue— -a special line ti
specially bought for. a special sale.: . .Bsgins tomorrow. B
: 25c. each : HA CUBS FOIl ASTH3IA.
Asthma sufferers r.eed no longer Ienv« firm*
j ar.i! bw*inrt» In cni^r to b* cured. Nature ha«
1 produced a veetabl? rpm?ilv that w!IJ p«*nna
rer.tly cur<» Asthma ar>l all <!Iyea*p«! o? the lungs
crd bronchial tub-s. Har,n< t?»t»<t !t» wonder
ful cnratlve poTren In thousand* ••'. cases (wtth
a rwor<l of to per cent p»rnvan«*ntlr fur'?'?), ai.d
ofSirirtS to relieve fctima'.i suffering. 1 wli: lenj
free of charse mull «nffi*r»r»?rcrn Asthma. Con--
Siirr.ptlon. Catarrh. Crcnrhlt'.s unsl nervous <Ji«-
I«-i«e» this recipe. In Genr.ar. French or Enj
l!»-n. with full directions for prepar!nK and
vilr.g. P»nt by mall. A(Mre«s with stam?,
rxminjr this paper. W. A. Noyes, ill Powcri'
1 Block. Rothester. JlJ X.
The Inauguration of New Furniture
; • ; : ¦ and Carpets.
- This week will commence the opening
of the epring season with the popular
house, the. Pattosien Company, corner Six
teenth and Mission streets. All the new
styles furniture, carpets, rugs, draperies,
lace curtains arrived. Among them are
many of our exclusive importations, which
no other house can show. - Ladies fitting
out their homes will this spring do them
selves an' injustice by * not. coming 'to us
before buying elsewhere. It is a decided
fact that We not only carry th« finest
stock, but we save our customers all the
Wny from 15 to ?.O per e»:nt on the dollar.
We hnve one price for all; every article
marked in plain flpures. This In itself
shows our honesty with all. Come and
see the largest ' furniture housn frost ot
Chicago, the Pattosion Company, corner
Sixteenth and Mission streets. ?
KANSAS CITT, March 2.— Ruth Nollard.
IS years old, a clerk In a dry-good* store,
was shot and killed on the street this af
ternoon by Bud Taylor, 23 years old. a
baseball player, formerly her sweetheart,
with whom she had quarreled. The girl
and her !«ister were walking along Ninth
street, near Broadway, in a crowded busi
ness district of the city. Taylor, sitting
In the window of a second story room
in a lodpring-housc opposite, fired three
shots from a repeating rifle. The police
arrested Taylor in the lodging room and
had difliculty in getting him through the
mob. many members of which clamored
for the lynching of the murderer.
TaylCr rented a room In the lodging
house three days ago. The landlord says
he stayeu In the room during the day
time and It Is supposed that he sat In the
window, for many hours, rifle in hand,
awaiting an opportunity to pick off th©
girl without striking others In the crowd
ed street.
Former Sweetheart of Ruth
Nollard Shoots Her
From a Window.
GIRL MURDERED
ON BUSY STREET
PARIS, March 2.— Th« speech. of M. De
roulcde at San Sebastian, accusing the
Royalists of betraying- his attempted coup
on the occasion of the funeral of the late
President Faure, in 1899, has aroused the
keenest Interest, which Is heightened by
th© emphatic denial of M.. Andre Buffel,
the agent of the Duke of Orleans. The
affair took a still more Interesting turn
to-day, as M. Deroulede's political inti
mate, M. Galli, received a telegram from
him maintaining all he said at San Sebas
tian and reiterating that some one came
lo him during the night of February 22,
1S03, and asked him what he would do if
the Duke of Orleans appeared among hl»
friends. M. Deroulede says he replied
that he would arrest' him with his own
hands. On^ the following day Derou
lede'ft' concerted ' preparations were over
thrown.
"1 know," continued M. Deroulede.
,"that It was the P.oyallsts Mho informed
on my uncompromising repuhileanlfm
and wrecked my attempt."
He concludes with charging . M. Gall!
and another intimate friend, III. duMon
tellift to see M. Buffel and arrange a duel.
M. Paiffelf since hl3 condemnation by! the
Hlgtt Court, has open living in Brussels.
M. Galll >and Du TktonteiHe will proceed
there to-morrow. If the duel is arralffecd,
M. Deroulede Says They
Betrayed His Attempted
FAILURE DUE
TO ROYALISTS
KING EDWARD STARTS ON
HIS RETTJBN JOURNEY
Is Accompanied to the Station by tha
Duchess of Sparta and Princess
of Hesss.
KRONBERG. March 2.— King Edward
left hero at noon to-day after a shoy t
farewell visit to tho rooms of his sister
and nieces. The Duchess of Sparta and
Princess of Hesse accompanied his Maj
esty to the railway station, where a small
crowd witnessed his departure.
.FRANKFORT. March 2.— King Edward
arrived here at 1:40 p. in. and proceeded to
Cologne. .
COLOGNE. March 2.— King Edward ar
rived here at 4:45 p.' m. - During a three
quarters of an hour wait his Majesty dec
orated-the station master with the third
class Victorian order. The King is going
to Flushing. - .
CRAM'S ATLAS OF THE
WORLD.
The Call is offering its read
ers the best atlas on the mar
ket. '
Call at the business office of
this paper and satisfy your
self as to the merit of this of
fer. If you -want a really fine
book of reference it is impos
sible to secure a book to equal
Cram's Atlas of the World.
Cram's Atlas is the best and
most reliable atlas published
in America. . Do not order any
other work until you have
carefully examined The Call's
premium atlas and fully sat
isfied yourself as to its vast
superiority over any other
atlas.
By purchasing | in large
quantities we are enabled to
offer all Call readers this su
perb book of reference for the
small sum- of SI. 50, or about
one-fifth of the regular sub
scription price.
Com? Around To-Morrow
To the bankrupt shoe. sale, where there
will be for sale 1000 pairs of $3 ladies'
shoes and ties for 75c a pair. The table
ia full of them at the bankrupt nhoo sale
of th? California. 1536 < Market street, near
Qrty^Hall avenue- . •
which la thought probable, it will take
place in Switzerland or Italy. ', -
COMBINE OF SALT
INTERESTS IMPROBABLE
Agents of the American Company in
London Says Plan Is Out of
the Question.
LONDON. March 2.— The report in .the
London papers that the Salt Union of
Great Britain will possibly 'be able at a
meeting March 8 to announce a sort of
combination with the National Salt Com
pany of the United States* of America has
aroused considerable Interest. The agent
In London- of the National Salt Company
informed a representative of the Associ
ated Press to-day that he knows nothing
of the suggested combine. He said:
"We believe American ealt can be sold
in Great Britain cheaper than the native
product, in eplte of freight charges. We
are aJ-ready contracting for 2OX> tons per
month and certajnly have not the ellg-ht
est intention of combining with Great
Britain. We are here to compete, not to
combine."-
Ratifies Hague Conference.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 2.— The Of
ficial Messenger to-Jay prints an imperial
decree ratifying The Hague Conference.
Civil Service Estimates.
LONDON, March 1—The estimates for
th« civil service for 1301-02 were Issued
to-day. They total £40,666,605, an Increase
of £1.307,652. ' X
story of male impersonation was rere&lad
In a Police Court here to-day In connec
tion with an arrest for alleged money
frauds. The prisoner, named Catherlna
Coombs, aged 66, described as a hous*
decorator, appeared In the dock In mala
attire. For forty years Catherine Imper
sonated a man and worked on board
Peninsular and Oriental steamers in vari
ous capacities, and also for London firms.
She says she was married at 13. taught
school, and then thought there were bet
ter chances of advancement aa a man.
Eventually she married a lady's m&ld.
with whom she lived for fourteen years.
Held for Heinous Crime.
SACRAME>rTO. March 2.— Albert Lane,
a prominent rancher at Trasks Landlnjt.
In this county, was this afternoon held to
answer t<5 the Superior Court by Justfco
Brown for having criminally assaulted
Josle Feeney. aged 14 years, who is hi»
adopted daughter. Lane's ball was fixed
at $5000. • .-
Bridge Carried Away.
HELENA. Mont.. March 2.— The Biaclc-.
foot, r>e«rloclse find Hell Gates rivers,
along the Northern Pacific, between Mul
lan Tunnel and Mlssoula. are running
full. The bridge at Garrison Is tn danger.
The bridge across Bellatone Creek, near
Drummond, was carried away yesterday
and trains cannot cot through.
FAX RAFAEL. March T.-Sh»Hff Taylor h«a
had hundr^da of clrc.ilarn printed containing
the de^-rlptlcn and rf"ture of C. J. WaUen.
Pan Quentin's missing accountant. The cir
culars will be ephJ all over the country.
BERI>TN r , March 2.— The latest phase Of
the China agitation, the projected com
mercial treaties, including the extraor
dinarily hostile tone of the Russian In
spired press en the subject, the Rusao-
Arr^erican' tariff dispute and the Anglo-
German relations, held public attention'
this week. A considerable portion of the
German press etrongiy disapproves of
Germany's protesting against the Russian
annexation of "Manchmla, claiming: that
Germany has no interests there and' that
she is pledged to Russia not to interfere
with anything Russia chooses to do. Tho
Jlngro and Agrarian papers are particularly
outspoken in this respect. The Deutsche
Tages Zeitung to-day says that Count von
Bulow*l proceedings on the subject a«j
Illogical and stupid and amount to hauling
chestnuts out of the fire for Great Britain.
The more sober portion of the press de
plores this new trouble, which creates dip
lomatic antagonism Mkely to split the
whole entente of the powers.
The National Zeitung believes this new
est phase of the China situation to be tha
most dangerous for «.he peace of the
world that has come about since the be
ginning of the Chinese trouble.
Unbroken Chain of Blunders.
' . The Vorwaerts to-dav . reviews Ger
many's Chinese policy since the Chino-
Japanese war and declares It to be one
u:u>roken chain of blunders. Ihe paper
adds:
"If the triumvirate of Great Britain.
Germany and Japan had stood their
pround from the tirst it would have been
able, to check Russia's land-grabbing in
solence, but now it is too late: Russia
had what Ehe wanted and is sure of Chi
na's, ratification. Protests from the other
powers are now useless." '
Agitation over-, the new tariff and the
r.ew commercial treaties Is as lively as
ever. The Agrarian demands, after grow
ing: with the apparent indifference of
Count von Bulo'w and the Bundesrath,
seem now to have become more modest
since the Russian papers, at the instiga
tion of M. de Witte. Minister of Finance,
came out with the series of articlej
against Germany's proposed large in
crease of agricultural duties and threat
ening severe reprisals against the impor
tation of German industrial products.
Some of the most Important German
papers have this week printed St. Peteis
burg correspondence explaining that since
Russian industry In spite of Its elaborate
pampering by Minister de Witte, is now
•plainly- shown to be a total failure, Rus
sia is all the more constrained to retail
those countries to which she can export
tier agricultural products, hence M. de
. Witte' s fierce attack en Count von Bu
lowl ¦
An inspired Russian article printed this
week, wherein it is plainly set forth th;?t
if Germany persists in shutting out Rus
sian products. Russia will retaliate not
only economically but also politically, has
been generally commented upon here. A
public address this week by Dr. von Sie
mens, a member of the Reichstag and a
dirpctor of the Deutsche Bank, has also
created a sensation. Dr. von Siemans
paid that if the new treaties are not con
stituted Germany will enter upon a period
of unparalleled distress: that emigration
of from seven to ten millions must be ex
pected and Germany would sink back Into
tthe shadows of provincial existence.
Anglo-German Relations.
Anglo-German relations are slowly im
provine". A number of the more serious
newspaper? confess t':e folly of repellin;?
Olreat Britain's advances. The authorised
news that the alleged disfiguring of thu
Kmperor'3 picture by his British re^i-"
merit <the First Royal Dragoons) In Jan
uarv. l^M, is a myth has done its share
to allay (jerman rancor against the
Britons
The larpest portion of this week"s
Reichstag's pitting uai taken up by a de
bate on dueling, in which Centrist orators
were especially forcible intheir arguments.
They did not even hesitate to attack th<?
Emperor for encourapin? dueling by reg
ularly pardoning duelists after a short
and mil<! confinement. Tne Vorwaerts to
dav publishes another lis=t of such recent
pardons. General von Gossler, the War
Minister, weakly and unskillfully defended
dueling as a custom, but was not able to
disprove the powerful arraignment ".if
facts and reasons by the Centrists.
The unauthentlc news published In the
German papers to tlio effect that United
States Emba.«sador White trill retire has
broupht forth strong disapproval from the
American residents Ji\ different parts of
Germany. Petitions arc* ppoken of asking
President McKlnley to retain Mr. White.
The Americans point out that Mr. White
Is persona pratlssima with the court and
in. diplomatic and scientific circles.
Russian Annexation of Manchuria
Creates Diplomatic Antagonisms
Likely, to Split the Whole
Entente of the Powers.
Newspapers Say It Is Haul
ing Chestnuts Out of the
Fire for England.
GERMANY'S CHINA
POUCH IS SCORED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
.The more blunders a man makes the
more expert he becomes In framing apol
ogies. .
KASQUZKAUJED A& A
MAN FOB FORTY YEABS
P-sm.irkable Story of Hals Imperson
ation Is ' Kevcaled in a London
Police Court.
LONDON. March 2.— A remarkable
17
j • Gco. H. Daniels. E«q , General Passen-
• p«r Agrnt of the U. Y. G. R. R.. at a pub-
lic dlr rier at the Waldorf, said: "For
years I have taken- no rnedlclno but Hum-
lihreye' SpecSflts. My par-jnts f«d the
ivholo' -family on these little pills; never
had ar*y ether remedy In thr house, and
j I am. the smallest of eleven children. So
I much for Humphreys* Specific*. '- 1 should
> advice all tho^e whe are raising children
I to Kit pntkapex of It ard carry It around
with them. It in the most reliable thing
you oar ptt— except a ticket over the Ncw
York Central."
"77" breaks up colds that hanp cn.
t7Dr. Humphreys' Book mailed free.
Humphreys' Jlpm<wpathlc Medicine Co.. cor.
William and John et3 ' Kerr YorU.
A Ticket Over the N. Y. Central
. and Dr. Humphreys' Specifics.
{ • ON A PAR !!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBIUM. J THE EMPOEIUM. | * THE EMPOBIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPOBIUM.
AT _ — —¦•»¦-» aw mm , - ._ ..-- ¦ - -^ - - - __ m»- .- — *— ' . V|
rjf m mm m m*^ m^M m r <r <TS V m 4f% M BMILIUtt fB ESflB ¦KB KM JRB n9Vhk jbBSW SBWSv Worn E39! 1 K>S& J*Wi M M >t^ rf* taf MS •• *^"i *^"» #"^* «4a 0** !• -a% ¦ mm tJ
% . Nsw Latosei> BaiBOFj 'mrmMnwEL W£mMWm§nmBmm a |B&^ i/JS F*SW aJrcssnusiiigi** ?
fc - MR. K. BEDROS, our Artist Tailor from New York, prides himself pjSffjgJ Ig^jWifl^^S^gS i^^E MRS - A - R - REYNOLDS, cu: Ncw Dr-ssmaker, is a real success ts- :<?
*, on the fineness and superior fin'shofhis work. H> extends a partic- k WpS^"' a»f%€l caus; she is genuinely Artist'c. Mrs. Reynolds has jv.sr ri'.nrr.ed '^
»° ular invitation to those ladies who desi-e the more elaborate Tailor p ™ 4j l ol i rf^f > in> 1^-—^ ff^ WZ* from Europe, -and can show ycu many designs that are not only 3i
h Costumes to call and view models of his own design. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S . GRANDEST STORE. new but exclusive. Many models teady for inspection. . ' $
K ¦ •¦:-:>.:. -'-- ' ¦-.}"•''¦¦:¦ . ' ... ' ¦¦•-,'. • S
$ Sate men's TwrsTb TTlhirtiMJSG; 2%#9e$ Y's&s+eS^ 0*f • AhoUasr Safe 5
I Sitk Handkerchiefs. IWfO I nOUSanU, FSarffS OF &BIKS Sabres, Swords. 5
I 0$$& -Sr At Two-Thirds Their Reai Vaiues. 12SS-VI ' k [ l
£ 'Sr^^^ bankrupt A very large purchase of Black and Colored Taffetas from the stock of the bankrupt . »«» t***i*T\*i*n %M_-//J -2
S <£?Mi T*>^ "rfimpct firm of J. Brett & Co. will be placed on.sale Monday only at a reduction of a third : "•?•'
$ x^^T^^ 51 in g firmo ' f or more from reguar retail prices. . • ' the cvr -w», . an i - '.' •
§ . co B t r ev"rS Ne * rl y iooo yards of 27-inch BlacK Swis'» Ta'Icta, extra More than iooo yards of 19-inch Cotorcd Talleta Silks* Md th e h:iV Gov"n^r ' c^\v
'if -*-33s— — Vrr/ larg: heavy quality, a particularly good black, with very bril- in such good colorings as red, turquoise, heliotrope, bluet,' arena's fat the pi-t ¦ v^> \j£)J? '¦• ' S' ¦
* t\7 f ,hT\^ ilk^ indk TH CllL '-* 3t Kant luster, fine Si ks thit* will makt good dress skirts or re seda, brown, nay, cerise grays lavenders etc * Si!k» thrtv.fiv, > «« W .%||^ -.. J
» half their rca. wtrth. Th sc we hive ,......, - B that will make good grenadine linings or underskirts — *" t"*I>t, some rus.y ¦ V^CV? ' • ' 3»
I •. t^S^^^^?M shin A wai3ts> th ] "f t atr r ? T y at H'H FCr Si!ks that wiI1 ive satisfactor - v^-^ &** rctaUs ' sSSSSf jss - : rvv I • $
V Lot 1-6 cMfcrrnt kinis of Sil'c HandkrrcHrfi, V.^rd, on special Sile Monday only .regularly for 85c per yard, on special sale &mp j^tf'ths thh s for kihii // \\ *
jK somr hctn-titched, tome cori edgd; siz^s 18, Monday only m MJ? decorations for co?y ' // '. • .VY '• .'• jg
j j« 20 and 21 inthts square; most of them worth t ' . * - . corners and dent— the/. .' // •• J| :
5 from 40c to 5 oc each-taie r ri« tfc^ z/j Grand- Display of tKew Silk for Spnni ana Summer. See the Window IDlsblav'. *n le ha *^ e .- -tt. " v. 2
Monday cn'.y.... ; i SPG ¦ V • ¦ r ¦ ¦ day ohlr( Monday j 4t . V .J» •
\tt Let 2—i2 sui« of silk Handkerchief, the Foularusm Granasffaiss - Silk Louisinssm Craps de Wash Silks. t^samerrc-asthsLnt lot, £ f n J
•{ 18, 20 and 24 irch sizes, some of them The Satin-finish Fou- In b'ack only, plain, FlSttttDxSa A . beautiful histrcus CflinSm A f«w- more n:w pit- eac^ -&¥mOU Jl
|» liemmrd, 60m- of them lord fd^e, no w . one Jards, which can be check*, p'aids and A choice as crtmer.t cf Wain SUk, guaran- inche* wide a good tans last week; prob- ~ .' " 'J|-
!$• «f^2 M *r tth S ° C '^^ wcra for evening as brocades, In a'.l silk, this popiUr new treJ t0 ; V2 d " ' ably the hrgcit «- Settti NSttlQ for J
it 7:^M^{ 27C -11 as in the silk ,ni wool an W-t« k in plain fa .rtme nt on tn, coa.t 4 he B itl 6aiStiO!3UB 1
! a» ....x *tm m ¦** - an j fancy weave:, ' mcc assortment 01 ready to show ;ou SWw %MSmttSm%M^§MtSm-.
a * Lot 3 — 10 km<?8 of men's Silk Handke* chiefs, time, eeem to be th- si:k ani mohiir; they many pretcy colors. newest Silk of th^ co!orSj hc'nding now'; color Wis .'.¦;/_- ¦ .^^jT ' -=>TSZ=5*±r- 3»
fc° thr ao, 23 and 24 inch s'iey all wide hem- most p:pu'ar this are 44 to 48 inches P ain Si k Fannel.^ff sca-on, is 20 inche3 j,^^ an j white- a fomoletr, induing fi' l M4lifcit!^?^^^S^^ ; _£"g^f^gx Jl.
» iti-ched borders, rrinr of than the extra large teason; our fuU Un- wM a « gvtmint ;„. Flannel de Soir, yi.$t wide, and con-.es in Sik that is in ia'e- pu c ' whits; lhrSI l * A 1 S
£ sue that u uallv sells for 75c, a'l marked for. in n.w spring color- . ' , Taff.-u Flanmh, yari . . .. .. , s lK m ag ' Wash Silks «s the i • C/hf/' C^^sSa ,-*£>* X
ft' s F cchl s,c Monday on:y, each. O^*» ings now realy, per c: U d M very latest $IJQ a magnmcent 1 ne ot for reception b *t qtulity mice and *
%9 M *jr yard 85c, fancy strip: s, per yd. p o lka Dot S k Flannel colorings, fer yard .. costumes, etc.. per will give good' sath- S /& M/ /%rV$££^A : •'
%> . $1.OO,$1.25 .SI to 62. 5Q ..$L1D, $1.2.5 85c yard...., $1.OO f.cti 3 n— j^SOc . % f%* jh^^^tpjr '' 5
I SSPl^Sf? $2 ~ San Francisoo's Premier Stook ' j^fM^ |
| /^"T | of Sprang 180 1! Wash FahrSos* . | M/^^^^4^ \
I jj proof hub, jcroll springs, / | T he store h , s a i ways b ecn not^ f or j ts disp'av of Wash Fabrics, and Wz are more than living up to our repu- - I ?r/S^C^#^^^^5 5'
\ h cross braces at H ?fggP?< . • t- c 'jl -ri/-L-i_ • l »-i_ *-j/- fi^-v j -^ JLfcar? L^SsS^ -gS^^i a" M
I ftT ax"e,ra:entfoot jPTw' tation this season. hverv new arid b=au::ful fabric that promises to b: p>pnar is here. As;d; from the Ginghams and . < /^-i^xjT^^ £ J £? **
trake; these 0O o v ?ff ' ncw crc2^ es ' t0 -^ a y' s "ad" treats entirely of some of the beautiful white fabrics which have just arrived. .; v '•¦ J ~*§^n*k *<
t£ from the we'J- V\iW^ JhIiI *^71\ OrCSS GingbatftS — 240 pieces of n;w style ginghams for NOW PenOsIgS — Ifyou-wih to s;e th; best cloth and newest .^^^^S^^t^'Qs J \%
••* known factor^ V/A dres«», wa ; sts and children's wear, medium and dark effects, stripes sty.'es in percal:?, imped our specVly mafe "Emporium English Per- 3 •" ¦ > - ~*^> Jf :
£ of the F. A. (MliS^I^M and checks, in fact a complete line of styles all high- m^ cahs"; none belter cr mere styUsh, and cmaimy no ether such an I . ¦ . , *
*• Whim.v r,- i'Z^rFr—T' I'i^^ws — 3 M ff* arscrtment ot novelties in town a:, here, per yard <f A/ -_ -. , . , c . _
U \\hit.T> Car- \X/^^f\\ standard materials, P ;r yard. ««* - '^ J b2£q(& Ojr h ~ nisom - mammoth Spring Caralogne .%
» nage Co., and /^(//\/ |>T SitKy " " »— «w now almost ready. It tells th: latest styles la. **
J, hav. never be- R^^-JuKj k\Js> French O.-gandies— Ind a Linons-Cases Whit: Piquzs— Welt Fini Tucking* and Long Clo!h — The BaU 5 Us — Whte wearing apparel and gives : ths lowest department-- \
* . for; been sold Sjf^^^r^r • Whre and colored, 68 of them in all grate, a and . rf . Rcvcrings-Dii-tily Emporium high stand- .. fi _ . store prices for everj thing to ear, drink, wear or J5
t* less than v-^ \J\J^ inches wide, n:w chif- very fp-ctal valui in a - * made,' p-ain cluster op:n ard in 5 different gradej, » a c in yourhome/ Will be sent tree to out-of- J»
% $3.10— special ule Monday • fcn fini.A, v«xy iheer, fine qua'ity, per yard m- hum and sma i cords, work, etc., yard. .. 12-yd peces, 36 inches "lake, width 36 to + S , own f o i ks cpon re^ps. f^ Catalogue No. 10. -5
I* only 1 S2.3& y»rd 35c .' IScyard 15c to 75c 6?Cto$l.25 wide, P iece.$1.20to$2 inch s,yard.25c to75c Send narce and address at once. $
K : . '— : : . . ; : — , ¦- : >
I IVeVe Bought Balance of special saies in {imported Spring \ Dress Goods \
I Manufacturer's Stock of JSZiSL?£ f^ New Trimming and Laces. |
I Men's and Boys' Clothing* . g||^e^^|^ W^^^^^^^^S^^ {
*? T-i. ' 1. /- <-.., i,..^ iractian ot their r;al values: _ /-,, , _, . b ,J-i-»»i t-r- • j «•
g» I hest garments wer; mafe by a manufacturer of high-grade clothing for men . Some of the handsomest of the imported fabrics marked at the Emporium modcr- jj
ftf and boys to the order of several retail firms on this coast'. Thev were n'.t <5» <S5 „;,,-," y,,e ate prices arc: - . , «'
$ nmshed m time and the merchants ordering them canceled their orders. Ths «^/"^*>VSjP ter 6l h » {u 2 ar » 38 *' nch Sub'ime— silk warp, for waists, house The latest iieas in laces tad Penian trim- jj
K fabrics and styles are the latest and moit desirable to be found, and all details e^^sS^Y i3[y£^* creamer and and evening gowns; aU colors; yard. $1. CO mingss . ; .":- .j
S> are carefullv carried -out. - S^Hi^few^i'-'j 8 P oon " h ' ldtr i 43-inch French Venetian— summer weight, a Pcn.an Binds— per. yard. ' •'
k : M-n»t Wlr Snftf ,11 1 PU • Jn • ¦ • ' '^? fr f tcdghSS ' " 1S ' h^ome, brght finish, in all the new col- ¦ r -50C, 75c, $1.00. $t.6O j*
h i«V.nS iacK iUItS— all-WOOl CheviOtS and CaSS'mereS .in new, \££ 3 /r^J V> i!/ ed leaves; aiplen- <,„; for wahts and street <uits- yard $f.OO Po««» ABrOwn— oe/yarl..... (C
I (O Men's Finest Sack SuIB-^^ptlonaly fine JJ ° ......' : ..:./.»»f.^^f^ i^^a^i£^"ie 1^*j£: *
£ >.«?• assortment, com F r4«ng wont -d, Oxford Vjcunas and fancy /<: these ver/ pretty deco- egto,^—^ 47-Inch Satin Prunella-in a large range of 1 wide: yard ..... $1.25 to $2.50 «'
S / >rA ™^.'» aU^ eitl^r single crdonbh /J > china ' Cream the new s F^ng colorng-; a very handsome Arabian Laces-yard. 4OC, 5Oc, 75O 5
S • / '</W'iK 1 ?™™^}^"*^ Picfcers, the proper «e i9jS|RiN -^ J" 7?" «MO Vdce 1^^^^'^ "*
mi^l\ r5 '° C 7 ' 50 ' C °^ at &**'*£«* \LJP T f-rcrramor mJk, wi.l tMW'l/#7 48-inch Wool Cr^p-.— a fabrc ia much de- 25C, 35G *** 500 «
*' / t °(\ Boys' $4.00 and $5.00 School Suits, $2J5— all- T ' ' b: pkeed on spedal sale \f**-f^l^/ - mand r » a of the new tpring ihadw; per Ejcorial Laces— black and gold V -S,
I H oV)-ool/abn« in new gnysujsb^sand other color com- PJ% tar Monday only, ffo Kf^ lS^^fP^H?^2 lg|^^S^??£^S 3
S 'CL3^ to kU at tor f 4 and fs, wm be offered « $2*35 / | Thin blown e'ear gla<s <**+** ported goods; yard $t.OO Crystal Velcwj-«11 colors-yard 65O J«
i : ' nT7^ fioys ' * Md $6 Vestec Suils « $3 - 35 - for / / lS3 W£ New Styles in G* Bhntn^ <S>*»'5o f
** \ l\\ I bo;. « 3 to 7 year5, fine . all-wool Tweeis, Cissi meres and // I .' match, ani a pretty #«»###*»»* CIlAne *P+0 * Ma%J1L*J/& %p&£J .jf
& ! M VM Cheviot?, in all colorings, han J some_ tingle or douWe // i U" | j silverin* trav, worth Km€MUtCS %}lMUQS* _ . . ,,-,'-.- / ," 'IT- *:
*. ) breasted vests? only about ioo of th:te gg*"* **B I h~ I J 1 - V $ wra'arV «i o- a Th- be«t oui'itr Vif! KM i Biginning Monday, for one week only, we will, jf
? / / <cand«6iuts crT-retf durirnr tli» «'- uB2£m3£3 / W /# W g } K', 9 \ * * t^/i make the splendid Bonnrr Cibinrt Photo- .* '
it / J JS SUUS, erf. red dunngthis sa.e W/^^^ (^— f Mt ; cn Mon , da y Lace Shoe, have just ,r- Sr-// graphs on hlary tevel m^nts, nearly one- .«
i JlrSi^ BoyS $7 - 50 V «tCC Suits, $4.65— Handsome & rf=A^ '' JcSw ««»/. *s comjuete „„<! from factory . the I^-f quarter inch thick-carboa finish-any styla 2
?! < => ::^C aU-wool Sages, Wort ed., Cheviots and Cajrimoes, ill -the <|Ld^r^(P537^ G115 •»" doth top*, patait A g| of paidon or Ughtmg_te S uliTly $ 5 .oo a J.
J, Iat«tEty,es, the prett.est km icftilkveits, sizes ior bo\s A^« i?!* ""t'k' !' leather tips, new coin tc«, S?gW V do«n, for $2. SO *
» 3 to IP yen; su'ts that sell regularly at | 7 -SO, we offer at 9«**O«9 "^e.^^^S^ ™ls_B e fry Louis XV b«s, hand- f£/\ A V§T OUT thotOgrapJlS made Sat- X
•j" : ¦ . turned soles, the best pos- : t?I \X &] j ¦ • i. i j • ft* ¦ ¦' w-
| A Book Sale. Groceries Monday, pig -^ g^| J-^ ?Z'%%£-Z%J&& \
*> • In the Palace of the King"— by F. Marlon Siap— Emporium Savon— 7 bai*S. .23C for bemes, fruit, J£$f??S^>, P* T / <A&» tiltZUished ffOitl tflOSC made by day-^ ,5
: J> Crawford, now being played by Vijla Al'.en; Codf.sh— The b*s: Shredded— put up in cartons icecream or nuts, iltt^#pff^ . tf O /l/l iT^fL /«,,ji/ ' • ' "¦ 5
» l publisher-s price fi. 5 o, special ofl —regularly ioc cach-Monfay— 3 pack- «>U be cheap at Qs^S^^rfSi? T*' 1 ' 1 ' "i" 1^ ' '«'?'• t ¦ -' : ••'•"S-
* Monday, only O^C ag es 25O "c, on fpecial o___^-_- »_•« _^ %t -5
J> "American Famiy Physician"— giving in de- Olivts— Choic: Manzanir* - p:r quart... 2OG »«' Monday N^^y>^V^ 'W>«« 0 mmmm <?-»#«¦> *-^™ -** . F O* . j»
V t.il the cause, symptoms and trtatment of all Oysters— Urst C,v<r — 3 tins 25c onI >'' y^Q _ - * GaSpffUMM OaiCl SGWJiltJ lYlQGuMCSa X
X diseases cfthe human body; pub- QO Cream of MaiZJ— Per pound 7o rach ¦^¦ p> *» % ~ v r> ij b ' £
* lisher's price J4.75, our rrice. Olc&O J-pan Ri«— Good qujlity-5 lbs 25o : _rg^-ni ' -j/^^\' c.- mm S
j^ "Kn?dcm of Niture"— the best one-volume Peirline— Best of Washing Powders— i-lb Fs»w»r*\9 «?*1 #•##"« %mgGe*&^ """V^ f A, w k«Z' teBT^Ii 5
1 V editon that is P ullhhrd on the eubject packages— Monday only— 3 packages.. 2ff O &OCKS &UG. — — ' V^ < of the be.t^ town MBT B J
. * of the animal kingdom; our Sago or Pearl Tap ioca— 5 lbs -25o A swell line of Men's Hosiery just in from Eu- We cosed out 184 sets of these Win. A. miket »n America (wita tifVi I ... 5
tf price <9'<>O Msrmallde— Best home-made— put up by Mme. rcpe, vertical stripes in all the new co'orings, Roger3 Teaspoons at a third less than their our name onit^otherwxia aJkI :1' ¦•1f-
tk "Dr. Chase's Receipts" — containing mere Oetcher glasses IQc, i-Ibjirs/£»O to be worn with low sho.-s; our price, ptr real value. The p'ating it guaranteed full price would b« doubie), u \^5^5>| S *¦«
i£ ' ' than 1000 choice recei pts, m=morial _ pair.., SOO ' standard weight of pure silTer on 2 1 percent lu S 11 t Tzac m ¦ -T (Ijf^^.—^ * t €
¦ JC editfon, fully illustrated; our price. 9oC 4\1*75 ItVtf*/ ft #!#»«¦ S 4lht*22 Another European lint in the new ctcm stripes nickel Bilver: the reguar retail priie for let of every respect, i^^ . >v> ,J^^ Jf.
5* V WWir ' "Sf*~r& &1 jn fcr ht m . r 25o 6 we ?hall wll on • his ball leariagl ifibyK. H ==7gT -5
: I 35° Ribbons 19° >_v SSI 1 ,,. : ,; : ,,:, : -.. !li!lt —^- f6 ¦• ggc ;-"-^ I
J Our- ribbon-buyer tas just tent us from New « fl^ES^uJ] Clothes Wring- O Tr,nw.7^VTrmvmrp « - . MM*— Qal/I them _ run with fij j^/jb .J
; «f York ieveral lot! of fancy ribbons in a'l the \U ' frt,' wooden 1 SkHfad GhirODOtllst. a E.i%§UUr %JHMCm scarce* any ex- &^ stsafTH " S
J^ leading spring shade, which h S wa, fottu- [ g U--i.--. m «. rc " inch + n r 1 n I ,th SSchW + CUret-The price of wine i, still advancing- «*£. «<^» S
1^ • • i j j • T A,.i*i -iraigTfr--" — j ., il,, n Dr. Carl Delimel, the sku.ed Cn.rop- 4. t L- -i. u_ one 3 f tn . ]«» f. w ,,>, -f ju,, iurnisned wltn **• VfTT 1 \t
S> nate in secunnir at a ereatlv reduced price. vjPj! --- ¦ — - ¦ -- « . lusbtr rollers. T ,. ... - 1 v i^_ c . inis wui ce one ai m. last ic>» taica o. uui •a^^^' 1 ,»
J- They £-7he\am S class gLd, that w'e re- llf? ' ~J " ga'vanireJ, nonl • : od« »nJ Ma^eur, make, a Vculty of £ p^'a, grad e of Claret at the old price- "t^ete •« * . W^ .¦¦'^ - ° J
; I: tail regularly for 3S c per yard-all in the ill**. ' rustable* Irim- J J««ting ,ngro-.v,ng totna. 3 and bun:on3. f Monday only-per gallon 35O ** J tot «"»- ' _- " -. "• \ J
: g new ipring co'oringi. mind .you, and 3 coo °*% mng, a^justab: e f ces Consultation free. T. Wh|jkey _ champion b«n«i — .-Ik regularly proved .tuchmena; we j,^^ gaarMSee A. g
• $ JL.i! the lot-w 6 e'.han pace ' 3S °° clamps fcr round or. tubjan ciceUent ± *«W J*n (near Barber Shop), £ - * , g^on.-AW.y only. . . S2.+O S^mTS.'^ *
*: them on special sale Mon ay only 4 ©-» fi.75 wringtr; on srecial . sale " f j. P«toffi: e F.oor. f MaIt Extr act- LI*:g*s-re 5 n!arlT 4 0 per MonJiy on.y. ....... "7 f* g~
; |>* —per yard * %99jf Monday only.. Q •l"l»l"l>- t yyy^ll ,;-j-;-;-;-!-|-|-;-]-;' 0 dozen- special Mcndiy only $1.75 Mfr* M *%9mJ. 5
ADVERTISEaiEirTS.
DISCARDED.,
The Old Methods of Treating Piles
and Rectal Diseases Supplanted
by the Pyramid Pile Cure.
The eld methods of treating piles by
l!ga.Tur<*. by the knife cr by the cruel
methods of dilatation, besides causing to-
ter.st»: rain and frequently coliapse andJ
tUath. are now known to foe but mere ]
ciaLf shifts as lar as a cure »s concerned.
The iiver Is respQiisiblo for nearly every
case of piles, and tl»e mistake has becn j
tr.ad« of treating piles as a purely local ¦
disease. Such Is not the case, however, j
and the success ©f the- new' treatment j
known as the Pyramid Pil*» Cure has dem-
enstrated it. .'. .-- |"
The Pyramid Pile Cure is not a salve ori
oir.iCKT.i. but a suppository ¦which is ap-'i
V'i'-fA at-nUshf and absorb^ into the sen-:
BltlVC r^ctai membrane and acts both as •.
a local ar.d a constlttitioiial treatment, i
**.nd in cases cf many years' standing this j
irratm^m has l>ee:i eflT»*ctua!. ¦
'i"hov:sar-Q= of rile sufferers, bear witness \
to the Inestimable •' value of the Pyramid |
and even these who have ur.dercoiie sursi- ;
cal or«?rations without a cure have ' been :
happily surpr.ipod by results from a few I
v>cks' trfatrrvnt with ;he> l*j - ramh3.
The relief ,--:fnt.m ' pain is so immediate i
that patients somcurr.es imagine that th6 i
Pyrainid contains .opiates or cocaine be- i
cause the relief is fo Instantaneous, but '
the Pyramid Pile Cure is guaranteed ab- . I
¦acutely free from any opiate or mineral '
pclecn whatever.- . ¦;¦ ' . : -¦¦"'". I
The relief is the result of the astringent <
properties of the remedy which causes thV
little tumors and congested blood vessels"
to contract and a normal circulation Is \
established. ¦*..-¦ • •
Tb« Pjramid Pile Cure is strictly ecten- j
tiSc both in its composition and in its
therapeutic action, and the best feature
of It is that it is perfectly safe ar.d barm-
less. No ill effects ever result from its
i:se. but only positive benefit. . .*• . ;
A sincTiiar fact. In view of the largre
number of patent medicines before the
public. Is that the Pyramid is the only
X''-l« cure of national reputation. It is the
only pile cure popular enough and meri-
torious enough to be found In every drug
eiore In the United States. It sells at M>..
cer.t» for & full sized packape. ' -' ¦ ¦•
A little book on cause and cure of piles
trailed free by addressing Pyramid Drug i
Co.. Marshall. Mich. . . ..
' " ~~~~_ — '¦ — „ . -.-'¦¦,- ,',' ; ¦¦- 77- ¦'"¦¦.- !.
J^^w~J>w->-rv^>>N #7t> Bill \
\ Single White
] Enameled Bedstead. ;
5 Substantially made and well
] finished, 30 inches wide— price
Can be piaced where a larger • j
\ bed would not ieo. ' and is a
\ verj- kandy bed to have in the h.
house. .'/,¦ ¦)¦¦¦ ¦ ¦•: '-¦ V, [ .
We furnish a great many.
• countrj- homes, flats snd lodfi- .
\ ing -houses compieie. We j
, make a specialty of it;. You
; may have credit if vou wish^ —
dor.'t hesitate to ssk. .-.'¦¦ '.¦¦¦¦
T B3ILLISNT FURNITURE CO.,-
338-?<2 POST STREET,
Ojrpcslte Union Square. • "
Broken
Eyeglass
J>Mm n»r'«c»<J tor SO cent*. . • . . '
Any Aftlirrnatle lens*« duplicated for Jfl.on
• r.d ?:..*,(».
Gu«rsr.teed con^ct and b««t Quality.
Oculists' prp»crlption» filled. Factorr on
r.rt-rsSf**. Qalck rralring. Phone,. Main 10.
0PTiC!AN5^ CT V< CAPPARATU5 -
... .. KHCT0 ; 5d£NTIflC
642 Market ot. jwstrumcnts
VIN MARIANI
World Famous Mariani Tonic
It is found especialh' useful in Ner-
vous Troubles, Dyspepsia. Malaria,
Consumption, Overwork, Indigestion,
La Grippe, Nervous Prostration, Gety
eral Debility, Tardy Convalescence and
Throat and I^ung Troubles.
All Druggists, Refuse Substitutes. .
5 V^^Rl^ORD ArrS^GBEATS
iMUSEUM OF AHATCMY!
'\ .Hf^ Thm Larr«st Aostooicsl Mnnn in tb« \
O trfffi^m. v °*'^ v t'Wtfw cr iiy contracted A
O jtZiji I bpeotiui c« tik. Ccui. E11. p rea:» £
6 fiSfS'a CR.JOKQAH-fP.ft ATE DISEASES 4
\ w €l}Jih H Co»«B!t»tfcm f-»c and ttrirfr pnrtt- \
A I I*V?fl Tn rneni p»r»on»: j rr . Ijr lr!?»T. a A i
ifi life Writ* for Bock. FniLOSOf>KY«f A I
r I II ¦* M1BI1IACE, MAUJtO ea.MIL. (A?
? J JL * valuable booh to* mrr./ i
9 O«i JUUUAX A«.»..ir«si Mariertbt-.S. F. Y
JOB. PIEBOFS ELEOTHIC BELTj
? Air.erlc* Abfad of tb* World in FJ^ctrintl Iirren- '
? tk>n»! ET^rybody k»owi tin*'. *nn nw liodf.'
? Battery. <l\ S. Fitnitj hi ttxirtlj an Amerl-aa '
J tn»-*nubn— rilK Rrit OI the O-atury. It *»n<U »2
r po»»rfd, rrT«r»»ble current throccb the human 2
f 1 .'.t iron llrad to I- oat. «-:ir;i:w- CllTOClc and 4
LS^rTosi l>jp%vt* ladftnks^* of Valecr Jem*ie4
L •» if by Mfczi-. £q pcnttlr^ ar* we that no uilier 4
bplt ll tb* ~j o«J of •' Vt. i'lerre'*," tfcat «« will trni 4
¥ .! 4*\ * I'l'Ilu » Al. lor <.».Tt:|-ariron w.th tor belt 4
? now »-,:¦'. In A merica. "'^»* Jig *• BelieTlnf." . J
J SOTE.— We Ttrrr crxl brlto **On Trial," th«>:c 4
* fore in orderais "Dr. i'utrv*'§" no ri»k u run vt 4
icomridbf »i.la JH«<-««.- > r other Ditordfii iir*
f USiafi A3 IT ;¦'*•:"» |<rivlnu«l» worn t» sfhrr*
k r -r..>n»- !'»•:. or*»nfl«5'-. rtanpfrrr^w •' Booklet*
(Kt' AAAjw. 1'IEKCK J:I-K«"iKIC« O.J
? I I4R Brondway. {near 2«:h ht.) »w Vork. Z
? Or C20 Market fstrt^t. San Franci.colt
Z)S. tTCNG V00 TEA A53 HE SB BASITAEIUM.
764-766 CLAY STP.IET. . .
>g?^w £»n Francisco. Dee. 24, »0O.
W^3*^ "3° all *hora it rr.ny c^rem:
f la .Dweir.b^r. I^^S. I wa« tak-
'":-..: Ke * »n eick-with Clack' Typhoid
f/J; 9 Vrvrr. th« tnorX. virulent tyr>«
%j~.^T known to m»<Ilcal science. I
Jfj^V had henjcrrhagM. bothnni'al"
+Sf&&?' •*! »r.« lnte*ttna!. e'.cht of th«
jrPv^i^ttW latter -oeourrlnt tn cne day.
•?'**"1»-*'' Ijt. Wore Woo, the unlntnt
CLitM-te i r.-. «-.¦;.! n, ira« called, and with one
Cote of h.f le» ttepped tire flow of blaod. there-
. fcj- ea.vlr.g :.:>¦ lire.: as I .had been given -up by
my white phyUrlan. «» well a« by all my
friends. \V*a unconscious four weeks. -bat by br.
Wonf \Voo> ux-narrful fkill he" saved mjr Jif«
rrr.m thlo most :atal of aU fevers. .Although I
wa* ccr.Sntd to. m>- ' l^«>d tliree . month*, was
eMe to resume my vocation In six month*
frcn the tlire I wert .to b»d, and' now X
wclrli 2t2 pound*, more than I hml *>v<»r at-
. -taln^d previously. ' I would ch^rfullr nwom-
¦'¦-¦ Tr.t-nA Dr. %Vonjt Woo lo any one In ne<?<J ot a
hrrt->-lsrr physician for any whatsoever.
-li*IJ'H N. FOLKS. 21i Golden Gate ave.,
E: ;. Kranriprp. 0*1. • • .SEMBRICH
to Sing at
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
By Blanche Partington.
CALtFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
|XEW YORK. March 2.-The following
iCallfornlans are In New Tork: San Fran
cisco—A. L. Close, at the Grand: J. Er
linger, at the Imperial; W. P Fuller at
the Holland; the Misses Golden *C ' A
Macomber and wife, at the Kensington '¦
M. Ramsey.- at tho Grand Union- H
Schusler,-ftt the Hoffman; T. II. B.Var
ney.. at the Koirnandle; II. B. Loce. at th«
St. Cloud: Miss V. Gibber. Miss H Gib
ber, G. H. Hoske and wife, at the Park
Avenue. ~ ¦
C4XIF0BMTA2JS hj- WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, March 2. -John XV
Idler of San Jose is at the Raleigh. Mr'
and Mrs. and Miss Twombly of San Fran*
Cisco are at the Metropolitan.
look rS *e^sho-r? <hat hat makeS * our '*«
nusband's face look long.-Yonkers States-
Because hi* piece of pie was small
The optimistic boarder smiled '*
I o. think they'd any pie at all
. ; ¦¦¦; -Chicaco Tlraes-Herala.
The pessimistic boarder frowned
A; CHANCE TO SMiLE.
The first recital given by the violin and
¦piano pupils of the new Conservatory of
MuBic at Sherman-Clay Hall the other
evening was an Interesting and encourag
ipg affair. The recital was under the dl
rectipn of Otto Bendix and Nathan J.
Landsberger, whose pupils were the per
formers'of the evening. A worthy pro
gramme was worthily rendered, and In
the. work of the. young people was evi
dence not only of careful training but In
most cases of considerable musical apti
tude. Harry. Factor did particularly good
worK in the De Berlot "Air Varies" (6th)-
Miss Josle Coonan gave a thoughtful and
musicAl Tendering of Beethoven's F ma
jor variations; Miss Lily Hansen played
the Grieg: piano concerto (first move
merit) with much Intelligence, and Stella
Leszynski showed temperament in the
little Obertnur "Romance." The piano
work -was a little lacking in delicacy and
restraint all through, but on the whole a
remarkably, good showing was made for
a first .programme. • •
C. Whitney Coombs, organic of the
Church of the Holy Communion, New
York, has inaugurated an Interesting de
parture from established custom in a
series of half-hour organ recitals that are
being given before the usual Wednesday
afternoon Lenten services. The first pro
gramme, given last Wednesday, was by
\VMiiun C. Carl, who played the follow-
AJleero con Fuoco (Sonata VI.)
Alexandre Gullmant
Romance In F .major.. William Heory Richmond
Tempo dl Gavotta. D major
• "•. " Jahann Sebastian Bach
"Reve Ane*Ii<rue".. Anton Rubinntein
• • •
Amateur -orchestral players desirous of
hearing particulars of the reorganization
of the old Philharmonic orchestra on an
entirely new basis and under the direc
tion of August Rodemann, former assist
ant of Fritz Schecl In San Francisco and
Philadelphia, would do well to write to
E. M. Hecht, 1201 Van Ness avenue. Full
information concerning the matter will,
however, be given m»xt week" in these
columns.
• • •
Ffrar.gcon Davies is not due here until
April. Mrs. G. Arnold, who has lately
come among us, and whose influence will
be soon importantly felt In musical cir
cles here, is responsible for the extension
of the invitation to the brilliant barytone
to visit our coast. He is now in the East,
winning highest commendation for his
renderings of music as widely diverse as
that of "Elijah" and "Pagliarei." '
"Teresa Carreno is still the Valkyr of
the Keyboard— as they call her in Berlin.
A commanding personality— imperious
would be a better word— Carreno does not
woo her music, but compels it to an ut
terance. She is magniiicent. Of con
summate " virtuosity, brilliancy, monu
mental .strength, there was amazing evi
dence. Nothing like such piano playing
has been heard here for years."
The musical roll call of the year Is not
yet complete, though now only two im
portant names remain on the list, Car
re ho and David Ffrangcon. Da vies. Car
reno will be here next week v.-ith. all the
honors of a brilliant Kastern season thick
upon her. She will give three recitals, on
the afternoons of March 12 and 1G and an
evening concert on Thursday. March 11.
As to her capabilities up to date. James
Huneker has the following In the New
York Sun concerning one of her late re
citals: ¦
The Musicians' Club will have- an evert
ing at home next Thursday at Sherman-
Clay Hail, when a programme consisting
chiefly of chamber music will be given.
Mrs. Birmingham will assist the club, and
the clarinet quintet of Mozart, the B Hat
maj. trio of Rubinstein, a Handel sonata
for flute and a. flute andante by Frederick
the Great will be played. The affair is, of
course, invitational.
The musicians of the second Twentieth
j Century Club concert were Miss Marga
' rethe Bruntsche, substituted for Miss
j Millfe Flynn; Harry Samuels. Who won
j hearty appreciation for hla Mendelssohn
"Adagio and Rondo"; Herman Genao, un
j dor whose direction the concert was given
I and whose "Hungarian Rhapsodie" was
I much enjoyed; Arthur "Weijs. the "Har
j rronle" double male Quartet who did some
very good ensemble work in Laehner's
i "Ode to Music." and ML«=s Theresa Ehr
i man, accompanist. .
like fashion. It has established a wlas
precedent In the matter of prict. The pro
grammes are high class, varied and given
by good local artists, to whom the concerc
series will afford a valued opportunity.
The Metropolitan Temple is central and
large enough to.make the enterprise finan
cially profitable, even at smaller prices
than the Twentieth' Century Club has set
for the series.
There is room here for the weekly pop
ular concerts, as given In many "large
cities c( the East, as a means of en
couragement to local effort and as musl
] cal leaven in the community simply un-
I measured In their usefulness. To these
concerts — affectionately christened "pops"
—admission may be had at from 10 to 50
cents a head, and thousands of wocking
folk look forward to them as the one
j bright spot In their drab, laborious week.
I Saturday evening Is the usual time chos-
I en. wage day, and with the blessed Sun
¦ day morning to follow, when the pitiless
alarm clock holds its cruel hand. Kvery
one almost can afford the 10 cents, and
for 50 cents the musical philanthropist
can purchase the pleasure of benefiting
his poor brethren and at the same time
that of enjoying the almost invariably
worthy programme given at these con
certs.
2kletropolltan Temple Is large enough for
this kind of thing, ideally situated and
reasonably priced, and if the Twentieth
Century Club should see Its way to ex
tend its increasing: usefulness in this di
rection there is certainly splendid work
to be done and a large gratitude awaiting
the doers.
• Colonel Charles Reichcnbacli. proprietor
of. the Anglo-American Commercial Com
pany of Dawson. Y. T.. has arrived In this
city and is stopping at 1133 Geary street. ¦
Assemblyman W. n. Ravage- of s Los Aii
geles registered at the Grand yesterday. 1
Bank Commis-sioner A. W. : Barrett Is
back at the California after a trip to the
southern, part of the State. . ;
¦ It. :K. ' Herrin. an oil man of Los Ange
les, is registered at the Palace :" • •.'/•;
Janus McFadden, a •.mlrriiig ¦ rhan of:
Santa Anai is a guest at the Palace. :
H. Morgan: Hill has returned ' from. Eut
rope and Is r^stered at the 'California/ j
. George' H. Holland,' .the stove manu
facturer of St.;i>ou5«. is at th^ Palace. " :
. p. p.".CastI<5iDf Sjtqcfcloh Is at tht PalacftJ
''JOz Av.Caldwell of Sacraments is/a'Wuest
at : -thf(' ; 'Licki -¦•.•:;:. .' - : :i' : ;' ! '. " ' •¦
• J': F.;. Curtln <5f. Sacramento:' Is a' guesi
at th.e..CkijforriUL. ¦' -.J. ..'.'. '{¦¦¦.:¦"- *f
J. \yiisth.'.a' catU«naxi of Pleaaantorij
is registered ,irt the Grand." -j. : : .- c?;[-it
: vJ .-. : .E."Kcar4, an., attorney of jfapa, [v
Ktayjng; at. theJCalifcinia.- ; . ; ; '" ¦ . '\
**- C. itnf.is, a vineyari3ist- of Santa:
RoFa, is staying, at lire Grapdl -. '; ¦.•¦¦'
W. : y. McCoy; a inf.rchant:,of ; IleaJdo.-!
burg, is a guest at 'the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
/Thfe're- is .<:ertalrils i here;, is . la. all lar?f>
<! ties;. /a." 'broad; field for. the ; exercise of
missionary, musical enicavor and' perhaps;
as W« ifrefluentjy flatter ourseives, a more'
than .comxn-on fertile" ooil'. for the. encour- :
agfraert/of the. .laborers in the vineyard.
The .Twentieth Century Club . has •ffon^
about its work. ln.aaensitle and business-'
; \;"Jt;ir*Qpfd that they'wUl :be-.ilbend'y
patronised ..fcry>. niembers' friends and th»
public and no effort, -will be «jrafe«l
to make thern'.bf. a strictly superior char
acter. Exeetjifent. composi.tloni i?y. the great
rnaisters::wlll..b».r«niHeTed by the bestDf
local artlsta.*' - ; -. ¦: -.' -.": ¦ ;- : ,•¦«."' . ;.. ....
; "To. cultivate. Vhe ear and 1 ' creatfe xin ap
preciation-.of'.thp Mslier: ana. jgrsixjitt s<?n'»
timents .of tousic Is '45*% an object sought
to be '.attained'. asd.:<inx:ou.rasred : - by the
success : of •'the -/-first concert.-: -jhe "rn.'u»ie
¦rornmitte* ''Iras /In. :ConteBipia.Uon. -a' Beri.es
of :.-fouf more -concirls whfch are- td- bh
piven in '.;:.Uie-~ 'Metrop;ptltai» .Temple :6a
March 1 and on th«']a*$ Friday? of March,
April 'ihdMIayV U ••¦:•:: =•••.¦ . ;•'• : • ' ••'
5/bject / tlj.e^ : pre>enJtation : of ieducataonai
: talk* <m the ;inbst.rn.6derrt : ah'd ; en-Ugljten>6
thought /of ifif age ; -.by experienced speatc
«ra, •'->•"./ ':;VJ:""" r £.*V.-'-"-'.' : r '']¦.'.¦ .-;•¦' : "••'¦.-.
Here is the worthy iittle- credo of the
Twentieth Century Clvb, as^Iveh at tli&
beginning of its concert Rrorra^mmeof latS
Thursday cv^nlngr* at Metropolitan • Tem
,ple:'----. • >'.^va.-;;: ¦.:':¦.• . •: <¦¦¦
Mr. Becker.
Fpeclaltie* William Hynes
Specialties Liilian Levy
Overture ;
OPEMETTA OF •PAItQUEIIKTE."
riabaiette c drawer
FftrqtKfete Miss Katie Kreigg
Bluetts." m;ss Minnie Hurt
>*avate:..... Hi>.s l> a lsy Kishop
Lot it not be forjrotten that this enter-'
tainment is' to be gi\vn in. aid of two of
th<- most worthy ulonecrs in the field of
musical endeavor who ever labored In
the -difficult early days of California. Let.
It not be forgotten thdt these people ha.v
Given their best years to the service cf
the State;' that they aits now helpless and
oid. and that one of :h.^rn. Jacob Mueller,
has Ju*>t lost- a leg by amputation as i.hS
culmination of a long und serious Illness,
from which recovery is doubtful. "As ye
would be done .by." utul the rest of it,
comes ud. ljut ft is irood to feel that m
£an Francisco, these diincs need only be
known to be r/ercedleu. • - : .
nano eclo ....Irene Palmer
Scrips a*2 -imitations Edward li. Adams
BpecUltle* Queenie Tilton
Coon emzs, Waterman Sisters
J>citaiio:i, German c:;i;ile K. Eckstein
Overtur*
Dance.... Sidney .Smith
O«rm&n recita'.lon f roru "i\ Schiller.. Mr. iii-iam:
"EIN KATF.R."
V.y 1Z. von Keller.
X>T. -Gcorg Heiche J Josef Greven
«"lara. dessen. Krau .....Tosie hi Fontain
Frau. JacobJne Wander, ihre Mutt?r
.•.-,. . . : -. Hmtna Meyer
Arthur Schoeni ni?. Fritz Keinbach
IJert ha». Kimictrnafdchen bel Keice
.. •....,• : '.: Katie Kreigg
Thomas, Diencr Lei lteiche Eenno Hlrsch
':Ott uerUandlons— Elne llaup*ta<3t.
Zeit—^iegenwart-
Here is the menu for the benefit enter
tainment • to l»e given this evening to
Jacob Mueller at Native Sons' Hall:
The Sembrich engagement will begin on
Monday, March 18, at tho Grand Opera
house. Six performances only are to be
riven, extending over a period of two
•weeks, with "The Barber of Seville," "La
Traviata." "Faust," "Rigoletto," "Don
Pasquale." "Pagliacci" and "Lucia" for
programme— all of which hath a more or
less familiar 6ound in one's ear. Though
doubtless Sembrich"s Lucia Is an incom
parable effort, and her Rosina without
question the greatest cf the day, yet
•would it not be well for this great artist
to give us something less well-known,
either old enough to be new or of the
Sever operatic classics? Such would in
deed be welcome. Why not "Manon Les
csut." "La Tojca." or "Giordano's "Fe-
dora." rone of which have been yet heard
here? Why not "La Gloconda," "La Bo
l.en;f," Goldmark's "Queen of Sheba." of
the newer favorites? Why not one of the
rarely heard Mozart or IJelllnl operas, or
Sleyerbeer, or Weber, or Eoito? We
should be bo grateful for any departure
from the regular repertoire. And speak
ing of repertoires, on looking over that
cf the happy-go-lucky Azzali crawd, I
find a list of rro fewer than eightren op
eras, including "Manon." ••Forza. del Des
tino." ' "Glf Cgonotti." ¦ "Mefisto'ele."
"Ruy Bias." "Fedora," "I-'Africaine. '
"La Eoheme," "Aida," "Travlata," "uio
eonda," "Civallerla Kusticana." "Puri
toni.V "Favoritn." "Pagllacci." "Xorma."
•'Faust"' and- "Lohengrin"! and they
could slr.g them, too! Cannot Scm
fcrieh afford, a less lamiliar list for her
engagement here, if these poor Italians
could promise such new and varied en
tertainment in thtir programme?
'¦¦• ¦ • * • .
ON Monday, March IS, will be
gin the fourth and presum
ably the last seasoa of grand
op*>ra in. San Francisco for
. ¦ -1300-1901. The Tlvoli. with the
best grand opera programme it has ever
had. ret the ball rolling in August last
end ended a stxteen-week season with
Sa'.assa In "Othello," and the. new Car
men, ';¦ Collamarlni. singing to houses
crowded to their utmost capacity. Short
ly lifter, the Tivoll's triumphant opening,
nfter mishaps innumerable, came the
Grnr.d Italian Opera Company of Azzall—
peace be to his ashes!— to the California
Theater. Here the company sang for the
ehort season of two wrrks. in face of
every artistic and financial difficulty that
unkind fate could devise, and at length
disbanded, leaving the Tlvoli, Fischer's
tnd not a few of the Italian restaurants
1 he richer. Then came the Grau people,
¦with their never-to-be-forgotten three
weeks' engagement at the Grand Opera-
Jiouse, and to end thi3 season of all sea
¦cr.s comes Sembrich, often ranked as the.
greatest lyric soprano hot living.
In her "Reminiscences of John WHk.en
Booth" (McClures for February), Miss
Clara Morris, taking the position that
great wit to madness often la allied, con
tends that when the wretched man con
sented to perform the horrid deed of
death he was mentally unsound; also that
he was a mero tool In tho hands o!
shrewder villains, who pretended thai
from their number the- assaaain should bo
chosen by lot, but who really arranged
that the lot should fall to Booth. That la
quite possible; far stranger things than
that have happened, the secrets whereof
have gone to the grave with the men
that devised them." "Who shall draw a
line," Miss Morris writes, "and say hem
genius ends and madness begins? Ther«
was that touch of strangeness. In Edwin
it was. a profound melancholy; In John it
was an exaggeration of. spirit— almost a
wildness. There was the natural vanity
of the actor, too, who craves a dramatlo
situation In real life. There was hla pas
sionate love and sympathy for the South.
— why, he was 'easier to play on than a
pipe.' "
A model theatrical criticism is that re
cently published In Life concerning a
New York vaudeville entitled "Th* Girl
ftom Up There. One* of th*
Worst That Ever Came Down." Tha
man who wrote that earned his week's
salary.
"The product (of th» drama) is not ma
terial poods: it deals with sentiments aiM
ldeala; its business is to make us happier
and better men and women; and when It
falls from that high aim and becomes a.
money-making institution it Inevitably
sinks as much lower than a shoe shop a=»
it ought to have risen higher. The wors;
ia the corruption of 'the best. Suppose*
that the colleges of the country wero
seized and controlled by men whose main
object was to make money out of them;
what would the effect be upon teachers
and students? The drama will continue
to be, a demoralizing: institution so lon^
as It Is dominated by commercialism. It
is not enough to call the actors up to
higher standards; the remedy lies rather
with the men who own the theaters an>l
employ the 'actors. When these nea
leurn that it is sacrilege to take the scep
ter with which high art ought to ru!a
men'3 thoughts and Imaginations and
turn it into a muck rake, w© may hav.s
some hope for tho purification of tha
drama."
The Dramatic Mirror gives the follow
ing extract from a sermon recently
preached by Dr. Washington Gladden of
Columbus, Ohio. The rood doctor's words
hava a special pertinence in the" light of
some, theatrical productions that we have,
recently witnessed:
man Happood In tho International
Monthly. Vol. I. No. 1.
A JEW— A. "M.. City. There Is nothing
in the constitution of the United State)
that says that a man born in the United
States who professes the Jewish religion
shall not become President of the Union.
The constitution says "Congress shall
make no law respecting an establishment
of a relislon." It is impossible at this
to give the number of Jews in the Unltod
States, as the religious figures of the cen
sus of 1900 have not yot been given out
A PRIVATE CONCERN- Subscriber.
City. This department does not adver
tise any private business. If you are a
shareholder in the concern named in your
letter of inquiry, and the same stands in
your name, you have a right to go to the
office- during business hours and make a
demand to be shown the books that you
may be advised as to what the concern
has "been dolnsf.
OLD MAID— O. M.. City. "Whether an
old maid between the ages of 25 and 45
should marry or not Is a matter that
should be determined by "the old maid."
If an "old maid" should be of the opinion
that there are physical conditions which
would prevent her from marrying she
should consult a reputable physician.
TO EDCCATIOX-E. C. S., City. There
is no record of "the exact amount of
money given for education by California
women since 1SS3."
Everything set forth above is matter of
record. Those curious In this matter may
consult the evidence as set forth by Nor-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
So much for Mansfield — off with nls
head! That wore too good for him! As
for the other four signers of that mem
orable agreement, James A. Herne has
been starved Into silence and James
O'Neill— who can't play anything but the
rubbishy Monte Cristo — has been other
wise and easily disposed of. • F"rancis
Wilson kept up the flght for a. year and
finally gave in, alleging (with perfect
truthfulness) as his first reason that "the
strongest ally, Mansfield, had fallen by
the wayside." Only one signer has lived
up to that agreement, and that a woman
—Mrs. Flske! The four men crook their
knees within the temple of RImmon and
knock their foreheads (or rather have
them knocked) upon the ground: the
woman stands erect and scornful with
out; to her as they pass by men take off
their hats.
Xobody expects poor and obscure actors
vainly to martyrize themselves by knock
ing their brains out against the stone wall
of the syndicate, but one does expect the
first actor of America — that we must con
cede Mr. Mansfield to be— to make some
kind of a stand against an Institution
which he has declared to be "a menace to
art — an outrage and unbearable." Time
was when Mr. Mansfield expected this
much of himself; that was In on© of his
Dr. Jekyll moods. When In that mood
he entered Into a solemn league and cov
enant- with Francis Wilson, James A.
Herne, James O'Neill and Mrs. Flske "for
the promotion and protection of an Inde
pendent stage in this country." But then
the Mr. Hyde mood came over him and
he, the man who could best afford to
make the fight; he, whom people would
go to see if he played in a booth or in
a barn; he, who is continually prating
about his ideals of art and the uplifting
of the stage; he deliberately broke the
written agreement he had made with his
friends, hoisted the milk-white flag of
surrender under threat of the Quaker
guns of the syndicate, and then, from the
s.nufe retreat of the trust camp, ordered
his man Friday — Palmer — to write to his
former associates as follows: "I think" he
(Mr. Mansfield) regrets that he signed the
agreement and blames me for having per
suaded him to sign it against his own
judgment. At the same time he does not
wish it to be understood that he does not
fully sympathize with you In the unselfish
struggle you have made against monopoly
and he would 'be the last to Jeopardize
the successful Issue of your efforts." Did
ever base inpudtnee and slavish treachery
go further than this?
These are golden words, but they come
with a bad grace from Mr. Mansfield, who
Is now endeavoring to repudiate his prom
ise to pay M. Rostand's royalties and
who, more than any one actor In the
United States, Is responsible for the fail
ure of the Actors' Association to make
head against the theatrical syndicate. It
is not probable, as Mrs. Flske pertinently
points out, that Mr. Carnegie or any other
millionaire will do anything to help the
actors of America until they show signs
of courage enough to help themselves.
terprise, a money-making concern. Have
it so .financially Independent that It can
reject what Is not the best and encourage
that which seems to it worth wulle. even
though the latter does not pay."
"which la not primarily a commercial en-
MR. MANSFIELD • has publicly
suggested to Mr. Carnegie that
he has, perhaps, done enough
for public libraries— some of
which, by. the way, are so ill
managed that they do more harm than
good— and that It would now be a grace
ful thing for him to endow a theater.
DISPATCHES from Washington announce that the inaugural parades and ceremonies will
be conducted this year on a scale of magnificence and with a richness of artistic decoration
never before attempted on such occasions. It is natural that it should be so. The increas
ing wealth and population of the national capital afford at each succeeding inaugural an increased
incentive toward grand display and an increased means of attaining it. Moreover the number of
visitors from, various.parts of the country grows larger with the years, and thus that element of the
parade is also more imposing and more joyous with each new; occasion.
There is another factor in the development of" inaugural parades that must not be over
looked. The American people have become iondof grand spectacles. We are a pageant-loving
people. Almost any appeal for money for such enterprises brings forth large subscriptions. We had
a striking illustration of that fact when preparing, for. the welcome home of the California troops
who had served in the Philippines. Other-instances can be found on all sides! In fact so much
have we grown to delight in. rich pageantry and display that our, old-fashioned county fairs with
their homely simplicity have been almost abandoned in favor of flower and fruit festivals/where the
exhibits of rural .industry are displayeclwith every, accessory- of banners and garlands and bright col
ored festoons that is known to the art of decoration. : "
In all of that there is ! nothing; to regret. The change from the old forms to the new delight'
is not a change from simplicity to ostentation fbut from dullness to artistic joy. We have not be
come extravagant. We have become cultured.'. We have discovered beauty and are trying to re
ahze it by every means in 'our power. The. effects of the change are to be noted in the home's of the
people, in the windows of the shops andin.eyery ;- : other department of life.
The. inauguration of a President affords^Washington a ; chance to provide such spectacles on
a grand scale, and the city is well adapted for. their display.: "We ; may reasonably expect therefore"
that such parades will eventually become noted the world over. What, will be done this vear will
be but an intimation of greater glories to come. .,
A FESTAL INAUGURATION.
But in the midst of our plenty and comfort the civilized' conscience ought to get sore and
sensitive at the thought that ihese distant dead are the victims of the pleasure we take in killing!
The distance is great and the difficulties of enforcing law and compelling respect for the
right of the Eskimo, to live are so many that it is probable t this wicked extermination , will go on
until the tragedy is over, and the northern lights will fall upon a wilderness where man -is no more.
The Treasury Department has been notified that this killing for pleasure of the Arctic ani
mals means the starvation of human beings, and the cruel extermination of every Eskimo settlement
in Northern Alaska. Orders were sent to the Collector at Port Tpwnsend to 'request Arctic cap
tains to discourage such slaughter, but it is doubtful if much attention will be paid to it. "
The press of the country should rouse public opinion against such cruelty to the animals
themselves, many of them being wounded to perish miserably on the ice floes, and' such waste of
the food and other supplies on which human life depends. it is not human life in its most
exalted and refined expression,- but these people of the pole are our belated brothers, lost in the Arc
tic night and arrested on their march toward the lights They are a far\ people, and we do not have to
see them curl up in their stone huts and give up" the life which was as dear to them as 'purs
Nature is not lavish in bestowing animal life upon those far northern lands and waters. Her
resources there are so abridged that all forms of life must keep well within the food supply. So
the walrus and seal- must fish from the waters for the Eskimo and be his prey that he may live.
Though the Greenland Eskimo" has merged his. blood with the white Northmen who col
onized his frozen country, the congeners and descendants of the ancient sons of the ice still live
on the coasts, near the cold waters, where they can capture the walrus with their spears, and the
The Eskimos on the west 'coast of this continent are no more fortunate than their brethren
on Baffins Bay. ...
In the Sunday Call was a story of starvation all'.alorg the Alaskan coast from Norton
Sound to beyond the mouth of the Mackenzie. White men for many years have been visiting
those waters and have wantonly killed the walrus. Thousands of these' animals have been shot , in
situations where the bodies could not be retrieved and where no effort was made to recover them.
Indeed, when the white men shot them it was not for the purpose of making any use of them at alU
but for the mere pleasure of killing. '
But their means of living are being wantonly taken away from them. In the Hudson Bay
region the muskoxen arc being slaughtered and exterminated by bold white adventurers who trav
erse leagues of snow in quest of sport. The walrus of Greenland are being destroyed in the same
way. This elephant of the sea is the leading resource of the Eskimo: Its bones, flesh, fat, skin
and ivory tusks are all of the greatest value in his domestic economy. They furnish food, cloth
ing, implements, shelter and weapons. .As the walrus grows scarce the Eskimos starve and die.
Their poor little villages are depopulated, hut after hut, untifall are gone, and silence is where the
simple people were once busy about their primitive arts.
?
AWAY up between the polar circle and the pole, in the land of snow and ice, where nature
is most forbidding and the struggle for animate existence is most' intense, human beings
live. The Eskimo, the people of the floe and glacier, fin-clad and blubbcr-fed, inhabit that
dreadful and dreary .waste, where winter is the king of the seasons. They have all the arts needful
to utilize the slender means of life in that zone, and none can excel them in skill in the chase, the
fishery, the fabrication of garments or the building of habitations suited to their physical condi
tions. These. children of the aurora borealis are members of nature's social union and have a
THE PLEASURE OF KILLING.
The very argument made against them now, that they are mostly negroes, ignorant and in
capable of self-government, is an argument against annexation. If they are that kind of people we
do not want them as possible citizens and their islands as a potential state of this republic.
. It is to be hoped that Gomez will bring his people to see as he does.
.It is with no satisfaction that one reads in American newspapers that the Cubans are
ignorant, vicious, of a degraded race and unfit for independence, for that is just what Spain said as
her excuse for denying them that freedom, which we solemnly declared was of right theirs. No
matter what they are now — they are the same people whose cause we hallowed to the world as
holy; they are the same whonr we declared were fighting for the cause and deserving of the same
'rights as our own forefathers. They are no worse and no better now than they were in 1898, when
we made their ca.use our cause, and embarked our ship of state upon a stormy and unsounded sea to
go to their rescue.
Read between the lines, however, and the position of Gomez is in logical line with his policy.
He sees plainly that our occupancy will not terminate until the guarantees are given, and that the
longer we remain in possession the less likely is Cuban independence. He doubtless sees also that
the policy of the annexationists is to deny the demands of this country, so as to furnish a pretext
for annexation on the score of its necessity .in protection of our interests. Following his idea, it is
to be expected that he reasons that if all these guarantees are given now they will add to the stability
of the Cuban republican government and to its successful administration until it reaches such an
angle of repose and soundness and order that the guarantees themselves will be lost sight of in the
character of that government and in its ability and disposition to deport itself on the line of the
guarantees as its natural and proper course. From our standpoint the annexation of Cubans unde
sirable. There be those who say, "We have sores and sorrows now in Porto Rico, Hawaii and the
Philippines and one more of the same kind will be only a slight addition to our penance — only one
pea more in the shoeful upon which we are limping-." But. this we do not admit. To openly or
covertly promote any course leading to the annexation of Cuba, in the teeth of our pledge not to
do so, is a very different matter from, anything, we have done in the other cases. We may have
done that which needs excuse and explanation, but ii we take Cuba we will have to blush for it, with
a feeling that no excuse nor explanation can cure.
This is a' perplexing. situation. Gomez was. expected to take just the opposite position. But
the men and combinations relied upon to support the pretensions of the United States are' against
him and oppose this country. ¦ '. , -•••
IT WAS expected that if any* friction occurred between the Cuban Constitutional Convention
and the United States it would originate with the party of Gomez. To the surprise of all who are
au courant with island affairs, General Gomez avows himself in favor of the guarantees asked by
the United States, and advises that our occupancy continue until they are granted! ;
IS CUBA DIVIDED?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3j 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. S 3 RECKELS. Proprietor. ; Address Communications to. W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
Publication Office '. <t§s8a|a5s|i|> '1 . "... .\ ...*.... Market and Third, S. F.
• ' **." ' . ... .,-¦-. - - • ¦ ; ;
By L, Du Pont Syle.
MANSFIELD
and the Ideal
AMERICAN THEATER.
18
ADVERTISEMENTS.
10 THIRD ST.. San Fnneis:o.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
The Santa Fe will sell you a ticket to Bakers-
tteld and return at the very low rate of $10.
Good to leave San Francisco March 9th. Bids
riies to the Kern County oil wells at very low
rates. Secure your sleeping car reservations
and make all arrangements at the company'*
office. 64} Market street, or at Ferry depot.
Cheap to Bakersfleld.
The politician who Is in the hands of his
frtends generally keeps his hands on his
friends.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tb*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 510 Mont-
gomery at. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per- lb at Townsend's;'
Choice candies, Townsend's. Palace Hot ei. •
"Yes," answered Senator Sorghum;
"and In politics, too."— Washington Star.
"A great deal depends on one's figure
when it comes to a question of success in
tho drama." remarked the actress.
By American Auction Co. — Tuesday, March*
12. at 10 o'clock. 3000 Tents, etc.. at 517 Market
street.
By B. P. Van Cleve— Tuesday, March 5. at 11
o'clock. Horses, Harness, etc., at 1318 Pine
street.
AUCTION SALES.
Grand Opera-house— "A Husband's Honor."
Grand Opera-house— Sembrich Opera Com-
pany, commencing March 13.
Alcazar— "What Happened to Jones."
California— "Faust."
Columbia— "Zaza" to-morrow night.
Tivoll— "Wizard of the Nile."
Central — "Tha Girl I Left Behind M»."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner- Mason and Eddy streets-
Specialties.
. Chutes. Zoo «.nd Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Bherraan-Clay Hall— Piano Recital Tuesday
afternoon. March 12. ¦
Union Courslne Park — Coursing to-day.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races to-
morrow.
Tanforan Park— Races to-morrow.
AMUSEMENTS.
A GOOD DEAL OF NONSENSE
About "Blood Purifiers" and "Tonics."
Every drop of blood, every bone, nerve
and tissue in the body can be renewed in
but one way, and that is from wholesome
food properly digested. There Is no other
way and the Idea that a medicine In it-
self can purify the blood or supply new
tissues and strong nerves Is ridiculous ami
on a par with the fol-de-rol that dyspep-
sia or indigestion Is a germ disease or
that other fallacy, that a -weak stomach
which refuses to digest food can be made
to do so by liritating and Inflaming th>*
bowels by pills and cathartics.
Stuart's' Dyspepsia Tablets cure Indiges-
tion, sour stomach, gas and bloating after
meals, because they furnish the digestive
principles which weak stomachs lack, an.l
unless the deficiency of pepsin and dias-
tase Is supplied it Is useless to attempt to
cure stomach trouble by the use of "ton-
ics," "pills" and "cathartics" which havn
absolutely no digestive power, and their
enly effect Is to give a temporary stimu-
lation.
One grain of the active principle in
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest 30»X>
grains of meat, epgs and similar foods,
and experiments have snown that they
will do this In a glass bottle at proper
temperature, but of course are much more
effective in the stomach.
There is probably no remedy so univer-
sally used as Stuart's Tablets, because It
Is not only the sick and ailing but well
people who use them at every meal to in-
sure perfect digestion and assimilation of
the food.
People who enjoy fair health take
Stuart's Tablets as regularly as they tak3
their meals, because they want to keep,
well. Prevention is always better than
cure, and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets do
both; they prevent Indigestion and thev
remove It where It «>xi3ts. The regular
use of one or two of them after meals
will demonstrate their merit and efficiency
better than any other argument.
10 THIRD ST.rSaa Franclscai
OUR STORE, while centrally lo- |
cated. la not on Market street, and!*,
we therefore have low rents anil
can afford to poll cheaper than> our.
competitors. That Is why we can
Klve such pood values. For in-
stance, our Gloria S3.S0 Shoe for la--
dies, manufactured by Gpvernor'
Pingree, Is equal In value to any-
$5.00 shop sold in this city. We hava
the Gloria in sixty different styte's ¦
We call our customers' attention
to the fact that we close at 6 p m ;
on week days and 11 p. m. on Sat-
urday.
phiudelphFshoe co.
LATEST FAD OF SOCIETY
Military Heels.
ladles always look
carefully after their footwear, for
they recognize the fact that an til-
fitting shoe will spoil their appear-
ance. Here, is the. latest styre.
Indies* Vici Kid Lace- Shoes, with
fancy front stay, coin toe* and pat-
ent leather tips, full quarters and
military heels. The price has been
reduced from $3.00 to J2.J5 as a spe-
cial bargain. All widths anil sIzps.
The military heel is made of leath-
er, but is a couple of Ufta : higher
than the low heels and' Is carefully
and artistically trimmed. -^Sprinpdale, Stevens County, vice M. C.
Campbell, resigned; Frank Dein, Tunnel,
Chelan County, vice A. A. Tozer, re
signed.
Army orders — Lieutenant Colonel John
H. McGInness is relieved from duty In the
Philippines April 1 and will proceed to
Ban Francipco, reporting to the Chief of
Ordnance for Instructions; leave of ab
sence to Captain Elon F. 'Willcox. Sixth
Cavalry, Department of California, is ex
tended two months on account of eick
ness. „ .;. .•.-,-¦
Captains Elmer S. Tenney and Clark I
Wcrt^nbaker. assistant surgeons, now at
San Francisco, are assigned to duty In the
Philippines. Lieutenant Colonel Summer
ji. Lincoln, Tenth Infantry, now at San
Francisco. Is assigned to dutv pertalnlnj;
?o the organizing of new regiments.
EENAOR "MITCKEU",
OUTLINES HIS POLICY
Eays He Will "Represent ths Whol
People of Oreg-on Irrespective
of Party.
PORTLAND, Or., March 2.—Senator
elect J. H. Mitchell, who will leave to-day
for Washington, was given a reception
last night at the Commercial Club. In a
brief address he said:
"I am a Republican, as you all know. In
politics, but 1 dare to say, and I don't
care who knows it, that I owe much to
the Democrats, and I go to Washington
to represent, as far an 1 am able, the
whole people of the State, irrespective of
party.
Speaking of the Nicaragua Canal he
scid: "The published statement that I
am opposed to the Nicaragua Canal is
false. I have always been in favor of the
canal, have worked for it in the Senate
and shall continue to do all in my power
to bring about Its construction."
DR. FARMAN ARRAIGNED.
Hearing of the Napa. Saloon-Wrecker
Excites Dsep Interest.
NAI'A, March 2.— The hearing of Dr.
Farman, whq attempted to smash the
saloon at the Revera House last week,
was commenced to-.-»!ght at the Court-
house before Justice Caldwell and a jury.
District Attorney Uc-11 is prosecuting tho
case and Farman !.•= represented by At
torr.ey Hutchinson. The case is attracting
wida attention and the courtroom was
crowded with neopio. ,
Rudolph Jenny, proprietor of the Re
vere House, was arrested last night on a
charge of seliing liquor to an habitual
urunkard. Mrs. Kow Maxwell, sister of
John O'Neill, to whom Dr. Farman did
not want Jenny to jell liquor, swore to the
complaint. . v
Victory for Coursing Men.
I.OS ANGELES. March 2.— The jury In
the coursins men's? trial for criminal con
spiracy .rendered 'a verdict of acquittal
this mornlnp. F. A. Harrington and H.
P. Lyons, officers -of the local" coursing
club, attempted to revive coursinp In this
county and were arrested for consplrlns
to violate the law aKainst cruelty to ani
mals. Their acquittal demonstrates that
a conviction <annot be obtained in this
county and probably will lsad to a re
newal of the sport, which will no longer
be Interfered with by the officers of the
law-
UTTEEESTS THE COAST
Postofilce Changes and Army Orders
: : : Issued.
WASHlS'GTON. March 2.— Postoffices
discontinued: . March . 15 — California—
Blenheim. Ban' llateo County, send ma'l
to'Colma; Tobla, San Ma'.co County, send
mall to Colma.
Oregon— Jett, Baker County, send mail
toLJme. •
.-Postmasters commissioned: California—
Nancy M. Greeg, Fallerton; Sarah A. Mc-
LaugtiHn,' Goshen. Oregon— Charlie J.
Howard, Coitace Grove.
Appointed: "Washington— A. E. Bldgood,
A novel proposition. Interesting to min
ing men, has been made the subject of
some discussion in Montana. In. the Mon
tana State Senate a bill has been intro
duced which provides that the State
Board of Land Commissioners may leas©
the mineral lands owned by the State on
a royalty basis. The measure is in three
sections. The first provides for the leas-
Ing of "any State lands upon which build-
Ing stone, coal, coal oil or other valuable
mineral may be found for the purpose of
obtaining therefrom the stone, coal, coal
oil or other valuable mineral for a period
not to exceed five years and conditioned
upon such royalty as the State Board of
Land Commissioners may determine."
The second section authorizes the board
to make all necessary rules and regula
tions to carry the measure into effect.
The third section arranges that it shall
be the duty of either tho State Mine In
spector or the State Land Agent, when
ever so directed, to Inspect any mines
that may be developed by. reason of the
act and- report any failure on the part of
the lessee to carry out the terms of the
lease contract. .The laws of Montana now
permit the Land Commissioners to lease
agricultural and grazing lands, and the
proposition is to put the mining lands on
the same basis.
The Mining- and Engineering: Review
reports that mills already established in
Tuolumne' County have added or will add
stamps to their plants as follows:
The App Company at Quartz has increased
Its stamps from twenty to sixty; the Mount
Jefferson Company at drove land from ten to
twenty, and the Spring Gulch Company, near
Carters, .from two to six. The Longfellow
Company at Big - Oak Flat Is at present en
larging Its mill from ten to twenty stamps;
the l>cr.Fiiior«\ near Columbia, la increasing
from four to fourteen, and the Black Oak, near
Soulsbyvllle, from thirty to forty. The new
mils recently completed are: Wlllletta and
Clio, at Jacksonville, ten stamps each; Duleek,
near Groveland, ten stamps; the Hope, near
Sonora. ten stamps; the Starr King,
at Carters, ten stamps, -rue old Hunter ten
stamp'mill, near Carters, has been remodeled
and for all practical purposes Is a new mill.
At the Goldwin mine, near Carters, and at
the Draper, above Sonora. new mills, are in
\he Company has let a contract to Increase its
mill from twenty to thirty-stamps. It Is given
out that the Shawnut will Increase its mill
from sixty to 1U0 stamps this spring and the
Republican at Jacksonville from ten to thirty.
In the Randsbufg District.
In the Randsburg district more me,n
are reported at work than ever before.
The n«w JOO-stamp mill at the Yellow
Aster will soon be ready to start, pos
sibly by. April 1. The old mill had forty
stamps. No dividends have been paid
since November.
The United States Mining Company has
united thirty claims at Manvel, San Ber
nardino County. The Needles Eye says
the claims are situated along the range
for a distance of thirty-five miles. In the
properties are prospects of gold, copper
and lead.
The properties of the Hllo Mining Com
pany in Sierra County have been sold.
There are four claims in the group.
The Bright Angel copper group of
claims in the Grand Canyon district. Ne
vada, has been sold to Los Angeles par
ties for 150,000.
There will be ten dredgers at work on
the Feather River, south of Oroville, this
season. Of these nine are already at
work.
Some activity is reported in the Yellow
Pine district, in the southern part of Lin
coln County, Nevada. Salt Lake parties
have bonded copper properties. The ex
pectation that the district will soon bene
fit by projected railroads Is partly re
sponsible for the stir.
A correspondent writes that what may
turn out to be valuable copper deposits
have been discovered on the California,
side of the Colorado River, in San Ber
nardino County. A ledge carrying gold
and copper has awakened hopes of rich
cains.
The chloride ramp in Arizona has re
ceived its first load of fuel oil from Cali
fornia, which will be used in mine opera
tions.
Coal and iron deposits are being sought
by the Reck Island Railroad Company In
the Gallinas district In 1 New Mexico.
Quicksilver Mining.
The Silver Creek quicksilver mine, San
ta Clara County, In which a strike of
rich ore has been reported, -was formerly
known as the North Almaden mine, being
jn a line with the Almaden mine. It was
ff^ ¦T*»%»T— i«J*»T— 'i»T«»?«* -m* 7 — r* »'¦»%«'»%§%»-?¦*»¦*«>*»«%»%
from Skaguay for that purpose. If he
thinks it feasible he may ship oil to
Alaska by tank steamer from San Pedro.
The famous. case In which the claims of
the scrippers and the mineral claimants
to oil lands are at issue is about to come
before Secretary Hitchcock for a hear
ing, the date set being March 13, which
falls on Wednesday of next week. The
company parties directly concerned are
the Kern County Oil Company vs. Clark,
but the issues aro so wide-reaching that
the collateral interest is very extensive.
Upon the decision of the secretary much
wilt depend for many parties.
The Santa Barbara Press says:
Two companies, one from Los Angeles and
the other from Santa Barbara, have been
quietly locating oil lands during: the last few
months. Now the surveys are completed and
between them they have over 16,000 acres un
der control, making a ptrlp many miles In
lenjrth. extending from Casltas ta the vicinity
of Sisquoc along the second range of moun
tains, the San Rafael, and north of the Los
Preltos and San Marcos ranches.
Oil Find Excites Petaluma.
PETALU1IA, March 2.— Workmen ex
cavating: for a fifteen thousand gallon oil
reservoir at the Petaluma electric light
works' struck oil this morning. The strike
caused intense excitement for a time
until an Investigation led to a solution of
the oil find. Six or seven years ago the
plant used crude petroleum for fuel and
built a small reservoir about a hundred
feet distant from the new reservoir. The
oil probably seeped from the old recep
tacle and remained all these years in the
hanl pan in which it was found. The oil
bubbled up from below In considerable
quantity. j
Several mine agents are reported In Sis-,
kiyou County awaiting suitable condi
tions to enable them to vistt mining prop
erties and close deals for the same.
It was five years ago on the 25th of Feb
ruary that the first smelter at Keswick
was fired. Since then the srcond town In
size in Shasta County has grown around
the ' smelter, which marks the rapidity
that attends mining development where it
is based on a good body of ore. The first
kiln of ore has just been roasted at the
Bully Hill smelter. Work on the Bully-
Hill mine has been delayed by the lack of
mining timbers. The town of De la Mai>
is taking shape already. A school dis
trict has been formed and a hotel Is near
ly completed. Other new buildings ari
under way. The growth that has mark*-.;
Keswisk will apparently be repeated at
De la Mar.
Moody Mine to Ee Opened.
Items In the Calaveras County papers
are summed up as follows: The discharge
of dynamite in the San Justin mine, near
Angels, opened up a subterranean river,
which flowed into the mine and filled it.
Several weeks must elapse before opera
tions can be resumed. The old Union
quartz mill near Blnums Is being torn
down and will be removed to the Sugar
Pine mine near Murphys. The directors
of the Llghtner mine have declared a div
idend. A $3000 pocket was taken from the
Bald Mountain mine at Columbia. George
Stickle Jr. and James F. Bennett have
sold property rear the Gold Cliff to the
Utlca Company for $15,000. The Alpine
and Pajaro mines have been bonded by
Mrs. Swank of Mountain Ranch to E. C.
TUgney and others on the sale basis of
$20,000. The mines are near the Starlight
mine and were at one time under the
management of United States Marshal
Frank.
The Treka Journal says the experience
of Mfjor Myers of Fort Jones has proved
that patents can be obtained on old min
ing claims. He has patented a claim of
which a survey was made twenty-one
years ago. It is on the old Shores ledge
in Quartz Valley. There are other mines
in the county in shape to be patented
upon which surveys were made years
ago.
Tho Marguerite Mining and Develop
ment Company has organized with the
following officers: Philip LJlJpitt. presi
dent; Charles J. Xlekerson, vice presi
dent; Edward A. Keil. secretary and
treasurer; George A. Waeder, superin
tendent. The property Is In Slsklyou
County and is a copper mine.
The Scott. Valley Advance says the
Montreal owners of the Wolverine mine
in Hornbrook district are expected to be
on the ground soon to consider the propo
sition of putting in a mill. The O. and C.
mine on the Klamath River has been sold
by E. D. Baker to Eastern parties.
Los Angeles papers assert that the
nitrate deposits discovered in Death Val
ley by. Professor Bailey and companions
are of sufficient extent to make them ri
vals of the mines in 'Chile.
idle for a quarter of a century, after
something like $250,000 had been taken
from it. The Bradford brothers began
the work of developing the property anew
about a year ago. It now belongs to John
and James Treadwell of San Francisco
and H. R. Bradford of San Jose.
The snow Is fast disappearing from the
mountains and mines and mills will re
sume • work.
CALIFORNIA TUNES MAKE
AN EXCELLENT SHOWING
Large Number of Stamps Are Dropping at
Scores of Mills in the Hills.
The oil men continue to pcess the work
of exploitation In many counties. "While
the wet weather has interfered with them
in some localities, notably in sections
where supplies have had to either go over
rough roads or wait for the ground to dry
out somewhat, operations have come to a
pause. Thi3 Is only a temporary Inter
ruption. In communities where there Is
only expectation to base the work upon
the roll of incorporated companies length
ens. The summer will see more derricks
raised In California than would have been
thought possible six months ago, when the
excitement was confined to a few fields.
Now localities are legion.
Considerable progress Is being ma/le
around th» bay. In all the northern coun
ties the excitement Increases. This may
be Judged from a hasty review of the do
ings in several of them. . Sulsun has a new
oil company known as the Rochester,
which will drtll on the Thomas DIckson
place of 800 acres, about eight miles east
from Suisun. The Armljo Oil Company
is about to give a contract for its first
well. The Capell Canson Oil Company
has been Incorporated, the principal place
of business being: Vacavllle. A tract of
4000 acres has been bonded In Tuba Coun
ty by a San Francisco party on the Ne
vada etage road ten miles east of -Marys
ville. The Glenn County Oil Company Is
drilling. There Is excitement in the Sul
phur Creek district In Colusa County. Ex
perts are going into Arbuckle. A new
mineral district was recently formed at
Stonyford. The Antioch Ledger tells of
work being: performed in Contra Costa
County by the Contra Costa Oil and Pe
troleum Company, the Tidewater Syndi
cate, the Clover Leaf, the Harvey-Blades
Oil Company and the General Gleaves
Company, and says that the Byron
Springs Oil Company la about to begin
work. That hasty glance tells the story
of the manner in which the people are
becoming interested In counties near San
Francisco.
In Monterey County the Progressive
Women's Oil Company has secured a tract
of 160 acres near San Ardo. The Star Oil
Company has added 1C0 acres to its hold
ings. The Arroyo Seco Company Is re
ported to be making progress.
The uses for oil as fuel are multiplying.
Perhaps the latest wrinkle has been dis
covered in Santa Clara County, where oil
has been substituted for wood as fuel.
This is given on the authority of the
Santa Clara Journal, which says that the
oil is cheaper than wood, and that the
substitution of the new fuel for the old
will prove to be a substantial saving In a
laundry, where it is used.
C S. LaumelKter of the State Board of
Railroad Commissioners has organized a
company to put water Into the Midway
district. The-plan adopted is to bore wells
near Buena Vista I^ake and to pump the
water from them to the Midway field, a
distance of about seven miles. It will be
necessary to raise the water to a height
of 700 feet.
A letter from Randsburg to the Bakers
field Californian reports that thece is
great excitement at Kandshurg over a re
port that oil has been struck about forty
miles due east from Randsburg, but the
report has not been verified.
A- "W. Holt of Oakland has organized
a company to test untried territory north
west of the established Kern River field.
He has a theory that the Kern River belt
extends northwesterly.
Oil is reported to have been discovered
In Blacks Canyon, }n Kern County.
Two new oil companies have incorpor
ated in Banta Cruz County, the Ben Lo
mond Oil Company and the McNabb Oil
Company. The latter will operate on
Newell Creek between Felton and Ben
Lomond.
The Hollister Bee reports that there are
thirty-five derricks In San Benlto County.
The Ashurst. Hollister Development and
San Benito County Oil companies arc
among those drilling. Two rigs have been
ordered for Tres Finos and will be shipped
there as soon as possible. -
The Red Bluff Sentinel tells of the filing
on twenty-one claims In the neighborhood
of Red Bluff within the last few days'.
The oil men of that section have their
land troubles also. The Red Bluff Senti
nel says:
' A number of well-known" citizens of this
place flied locations l«*t week* In the neigh
borhood of the Schoenfeld place, and they feel
Indignant that their locations have been cov
ered by notices filed by J. O. FKzsimmona and
others on Monday, the notices stating Hint
they were posted on the land on January' 26,
while Surveyor l-uning and his associates wl>o
were out last week say they could find no trace
of the porting ot sucli notices.
"The San Frn.ncisc<? crowd," says tho
Bakersfleld Californian, "that lately
jumped the southwest quarter of 23, 32-23,
have apparently been headed off by tho
opposing claimants, the Producers" Oil
Company. The latter has a derrick up
and a rig now on the road to the ground
and Intends to have a drill going within
a very few days. The jumpers attempted
to unload lumber on the ground yester
day, but were prevented from so doing,
and the load was dumped on the Mount
Diablo section to the south."
A company has been Incorporated to
operate In Yolo County.
The San 'Luis Obispo Tribune reports
that during the last thirty days practical
ly every acre in township 32 south, range
18 east, M. D. M., has been located for oil.
In fact, from township 11 >north. range
26 west, S. B. M., township 32 northwest,
along the range to the extreme northeast
corner of the county, nearly every acre
has been secured.
The L.os Angeles Herald reports that
J. R. Van Cleave.^jrmster mechanic of the
White Pass and Yukon Railway, has boen
Investigating in Ix>s Angoles the methods
In use on tttfe railways for burning crude
petroleum as fuel, he having come down
Interior.
About to Be Heard at Washing
ton by Secretary of ' *
Famous Case Concerning Scrippers
Somt Interesting Naws of
Oil' Operations North
of the Bay.
DRILLS KEEPING
UP THEIR MUSIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
19
Companies:
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor ar.d Nervine. • •
The mo!«t wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tcnlc for the Sexual Organs, for both «ex»iC
The M*xi<-an nemeiiy for Diseases of the KUt-
rtys and Bladder. Sells en its own merits.
KABER. ALFS & BItUXE. Agents.
tZ3 Market »t. S. F.-(Send for Clrculan.) =
Consult me before purchasing stock and
I will put you
RIGHT.
JAS. R. T. MERSHON.
637-53S-539-550 Parrott" Building."
San Francisco, Cal.
Member of San Francisco Oil Exchange.
Ticker from .both exchanges In our office.
I __
CONSOLIDATED
COMRAINV
Owns UU acres 8 miles west of Arbuckle.
Colusa County, in the heart of the oil district.
1'nrafflne base oil. Limited amount of stock
at 2Ec; will be advanced March 8 to 60c; SO.OCO
.shares sold In 10 days. Information and pros-
pectus furnished. Office
630 MARK iT ST., San Francisco.
LANDS AT McKITTRICK.
STOCK 25 CENTS.
¦ • ¦ ' "'' -¦ - •
But small block at this price. Com-
pany has no debts, money in the treas-
ury and will soon commence drilling.
Prospectus and information furnished
on application.
.EL MEDIA OIL CO.,
Safe Deposit Building. 328 Montgomery
street, San Francisco, Cal.
m. HALL'S aEINVlG0HATi)2g?5f«3
five hundred rewanl for any < ) 'f»"v""&£2y
case we cannot cure. Tfcid secret u~** "*i(
rercwiy stops all louses InJI hour>. *) R
cures Emissions, Iropotency, \'a.rl- <¦£?* rjj/j
cocele. Gonorrhoea. <i:eet. Kits. "Pfs l9?J
Strictures. Lost ManhLod ami all 4Uy \k)£
waning effects at »il'-abu»e ¦ or <J^3_L&lSfc
excesses, f-ent «e:i'.ed, $2 bottle; 3 txSCZSsSr^
bottles, Ji: Kunranteeil to cure any case. Ad-
drers II ALT/ S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE, s-i
nrnadnay, Oakland. Cal. Also tor pale at 10TJ',j
Market ft.. S. V. AH private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free beck.
THOMAS, VALENTINE & RADER,
BROKERS. .
SIS' MONTGOMERY- STREET.
Members San Francisco Oil Exchang*. - ••
DEALERS IN LEGITIMATE OIL- BTOCK3
AND LANDS.
RELIABLE INFORilATION . FUTU51SHED.
Correspondence Solicited. . Tel. Bush 222.
Branch Offices Fresno. Bakersffeld. Cal.
OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL. LAND.
Controls 4-M acres.- Are drilling-. Some- stoe*
Is being sold at 60c per share. Information aiM
prosDcctus furnished on aoollcatlon. ' No. . J.
Eecond Floor. Mills Building.. San . rranclsco.
THE WELLINGTON
SILVER STAR OIL QO..
Lands In heart of McKlttrlck District, ad-
Jolnins large producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectu? and Information fur-
nished at room 603 Safe Deposit Eulldlns. 323.
Montgomery at • . .
C1LL. OR ADDRESS
BABNEY OIL COMPANY, 330 Pine Street,-
I . reooAi s."
Tor in'ormrUon Bad-terms for OIL IN CARLOVD LOTS, apply at the office.
owns the famous DABNEY GUSHER I
* : : IS SELLING OIL IN CARLOAD LOTS.
Offers a Limited Number of Shares of Its Stock at
'¦'¦'• PNE DOLLAR PFR SHARE! —
The Debney.Oil Company has now Ten Producing Wells. " Will completa
two more this month and two in March.
Will Pay a D vider.d .April fst.
\ ** GUt-Edged Investment.
Will piy not less.thjM i per cent per month in dividends on and after April
O*P McKITTRICK (Incorporated 1 ,
fits Opened Cf.ires in Tbis Cit; at .330 Pine Street^ Rooms 5 and 6.
SAUNAS OIL A*D DEVELOPMENT CO.
1SS0 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTT.
Well down 300 feet; smalt amount of treasury
stock at 15c p«r .share. Prospectus 1 and map
and Information on application. J- B. OLSEN.
Secretary, S74 Parrott buildins. Satv FraacUoo.
¦
Of the AMERICAN COLLEGE OF OPHTHAL-
MOLOGY, an Imminent Eyp and Ear Sun?eon,
confers the HIGHEST HONORS and awards* a
Diploma to Mr. I
GEORGE MAYEKLE,
The German Expert Optician,
1071 V4 Market street. Ban Francisco, Cal.
THE PRESIDENT'S LETTER,
Georgo Mayerle— Dear Sir: The faculty In
highly pleased with the SPLENDID MANNEH
in which you have succeeded in passing the ex-
amination. You nave been awarded diploma
conferring the Doctor of Ophthalmology de-
cree. The faculty considers that you "fully
merit this high honor, as the examinations Im-
peded were of such character as to thoroughly
t'etermlne- your fitness to follow the noble pro-
fession you have chocan. Very truly yours
WILLIAM F. CATHCART, 11. 13.,
¦ President.
DR. C. H. BROWN, a High Author-
ity on Optics, Says:
Mr. Geo. Mayerle— Dear Sir: I have e-xamlned
lessons which you sent in. and would 'report
that you hnve passed them with the HIGHEST
AVERAGE, and they indicate that you, are a
niost competent and skilled optometrist. With
best wishes, yours faithfully,
C. H. BROWN.
President Philadelphia Optical College.
MayerU's glasses are far' superior to all others
fcr reading or distance, weak eyes, poor sight,
headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision, float-
ing spct?. pain about the eyes, behind the head
or temples, nervousness, sore eyes, discharging
*je«, feeling like' eand in the eyes, cros*eyes,
burning, smarting, itching, scratching, twltch-
trg. gluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc. Mayerle's
glasses rest the eyes, strengthen the optic
rcrve and preserve the sight. vMayerle's
glasses are now used by the hlghevt United
States Army. Navy and Government officials.
GERMAN EYEWATER, 50c.
Consultation. Examination and Advice Free.
¦ Open EvenlnpB untl| 9. Telephone South 672.
GEORGE MAYERU3. 'German- Expert Opti-
cian. I Charter member American Association of
Opticians; graduate of the N. I. College of
Ophthalmology; also American College of Oph-
thalmology. ¦
1071J4/MABKET STREET,
(Opprpit* H!i™»-nla RanV). FUn Frf neisco. Cal.
See City Directory for. J3ye Speo!olist?.
rersona onierlnjr glaBses by mail shoula state
tleir age: a!«o whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both, and what price.
CUT THIS OUT.
NAPA AND BERRTESSA XAUJEX OIL
COSIPANT — Controls 1C0O acres of U. S. patent-
ed land In Napa County where the. finest lubrlr
cat'ns oil In California Is found: stock at »
cents; prospectus furnished. K0 and 571. Parrott
bulldlnz. Ean Francisco.
JU ANITA OIL CO.
110O acres In McKlttricJt; drfllln* 2 wells. >
contracted for; 1C0.C0O shares sellln» »t Be; non-
a*sessable. Price lCc March 15. Asphftltum for
eilc by contract. Prospectus and maps fur-
nijfcrxi hy W. M. RICHARDS, Vlco President,
«."a Market St., Han Francisco , ; •
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
In a company owntna; produclas well. .
20c Per Share. • .' '. ;.
Write cr call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 4*1 Parrott BulMtng.
Investors' Assured Stock
VENT CO.
GREAT AMERICAN OIL AND DEVELOP-
Stock JOc. Inter Nos OiU& Development CO.
ptock 23c. Lands In Monterey and Kern coun-
ti»3. Prospectus and Information at offlc* of
MOSTELLER & ALLEN, 865 «.ad 668 Parrott
building. S. F. * '¦¦¦-- ~ "¦
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT.
OH absolutely sure; heart of producing mc-
tton. DrtMn*; b« In oil sands in 15 days.
Email amount treasury stock. 50c. "Writ* for
proipectus cr call. »3 Parrott tldg.. S t F.
Mission and
16th Sts.
e^*-"^ Big Furniture Frositljii Building. ¦ '
16th and
Mission Sts.
IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS,
We have never shown finer values than
these:
14.50 NEAT ECROLL AND
NOVELTY BORDERS; Mon- <£-> nr
day special at $£t/D
$6.50 QUALITIKS, showy bor- "
ders, of a good quality; Mon- * a rr\
day special at 4*t.**>U
$10 GOODS, elaborately worked '
and artistic; Monday special */ o/r
$12.50 VALUES, with wide bor-
ders, magnificent goods; Co rr
Monday special at >+)O«/ J
Real renaissance Lace Curtains,
$22.50 CURTAINS, exquisitely
worked and showy; Mon- *jr 'jr
day special at «p>3./3
$30 CURTAINS, real works
of art, very beautiful; "tlQ 7r
Monday special at v 4>*7»/0
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS.
Several hundred pairs, priced very low.
They won't last long-. See them.
{2 CURTAINS, the kind that
will wear well: Monday epe- Ci -)r
clal at .""U.ZD
$2.65 CURTAINS, pretty nov-
elty borders; Monday special Ci jr
t3.90 CURTAINS, elegant real
lace copies; Monday special C*T ac
at y*»*3
t5 CURTAINS, none more
beautiful, big: values; Mon- C9 Qcr
day special at «p^.7j
$10 CURTAINS, quality equal
to the best; Monday special &r on
$12 CURTAINS, vfde Insertion,
pretty corners, Monday 6pe- <t/ QA
cial at 4>Oi7U
{,25 ANOTHER PARLQH
I ROCKER BARGAIN.
To-morrow morning we will place on
sal* 3 anntfcT purchase .of Parlor Hookers.
The rockers are built on the lines of our
vtry best parlor rockers, having a hiph
I'ack BHfl lijph arm.*, with a shaped seat
of solid, wood ar.d robbkr s^at. The illus-
tratifi'; will ffive you an idea of how the
y>ra.fCF.'t -pin dies and bark panel sre decor-
r.\e<*.. rut. you should see the rocker ycur-
(-»'f for an idea of the value offered here
f< x IL2i All of these rockers are finished
[ :>:n:cak.
PARLOR SUITS,
:V An interesting lot has sacrifice
prices . forced upon them. Con-
sider well these A'alues.
3 pieces. .maHcirar.j' finish. Inlaid frames,
damask covering; g31».r»O from J4S.K).
¦¦I pieces.. 'mahogany finish, ir.lald frames,
Lt.aptstry covering; S42..10 from 5C2.5Q.
$ .pie<"#6. Ifraraes handsomely Inlaid, eov-
•erir^ -two-tone brocaded velour; S7J)
ifrom 55*. ; . . -
l;pl«c«a, rnahogary frames, covering Gob-
¦ «:in tapestry; S11O from J175.
S pf^cef . mahogany Inlaid frames, richly
. embroidered Eilk velour covering; SJ)7
DINING-ROOM FURNITURE.
Sib solid quarter-sawed oak extension ta-
ble; has handsome pedestal base COQ
ar.d 54-inch top; sale price
J30 quarter-sawed oak extension table; pe-
destal style, made of best COO ftfl
quartered oalc; sale price... *&*•*• <-»V
$16.50 . round extension table; has large
legs and extends to 6 feet; Ci3 KA
sale price dUJ.sJV/
JC5 ciiarter -sawed oak buffet; has large
eize- mirror top; sale price.. *\i\
$45 quarter-sawed oak English sideboard
cr buffet; made In a very high class
manner, . finished In rich con efi
golden oak; sale price OJ3.JU.
J25 golden oak sideboard; extra large
board and well made; this C|T Ril
You should see our special dining chair,
leather box seat; the best chair to €i^»
be had; for *4*<J
MATTRESSES, SPRINGS, COMFORTS
and PILLOWS.
Our special 20-pound hair mattress, cov-
ered wltli best ticking #112
ELASTIC * AKD KELT MATTRESSES—
You can cave $5 by setting this com-
fortable and durable mattress from us;
our price $14)
SPRINGS— Box springs; our own manu-
facture; guaranteed in every way
S13.o()
Woven wire spring, on hard wood frame..
S1.90
PILLOWS— Six pounds of live poose
. feathers to each pair; ticking- of the very
best j«;{
COMFORTS-Our line of these ponds is
complfte. See what our J1.50 comfort is.
All Mattresses sold by us axe made
ot our own factory, and every Mat-
tress is fresh.
BRASS and ENAMELED BEDS.
Enameled beds. 1-lnch pillars, C9 Qs
full size JJX.yj
Enameled beds, any color, heavy steel
frame, brass top rods, mounts «i« Kf|
and spindles; sale price........ u>J» JV
Enameled beds, all colors, 1-lhch pillars
with brass scroll work protected by
Iron-enameled top rod; the CQ ett\
newest design CPsJ.vJVF
All-brass beds. * l^-lnch post, COR
heavy filling, best lacquer CPAJ
. DRESSERS.
Solid oak- dresser, French plate mirror,
cast brass handles, swell «t|"3 7 c
front, top drawers 4>U» * *J
Solid oak dresser, full Bwell front, claw
feet; former price 555; eale price C^fi
Solid mahogany dresser, for.- C-O7 C|"|
mer price $55; sale price...'. «P J ¦ #v -* v
Curly birch dresser, full swell front,
French plate mirror; for- CO 7 Ef|
mer price $45; sale price •?• ¦ • JVF
Birdseye maple dresser, with 38x32 French
plate mirror; former price GAJ eA
J67.50; sale price
Solid oak dresser, with French plate mir-
ror, cast brass handles; for- ClQ 7 ti
mer price $2S; sale price.... «"pl""7»« J
I NO COMMISSION PAID, f
A We can't afford to p&7 $250 commis- %
'S, sion on a $1200 E&le, which is more X
* thau our regular profit. ¦'•¦
STARTLING f* A i? P17T Q QTlfl 13TTPC
BARGAINS V&HJT JulU ai } tt IlUllU
BRUSSELS' CC. BOI?Y <t« ic AX&IIKSTER* t t H BEST WOOL '/ft.
CARrETS JwC BRUSSELS4>>*>3 CARPETS 4> * • * U INGRAINS. .. OUC
SanfcnVs Best
MOQT-ETTE <tl r\(\ TAPESTRY nr VELVET &1 Aft LINOLEUM, CA-
CARPETS... •?*«VU BRUSSELS. ...'->C CARPETS 4>1.UU 'per yard.......^UC
BROMLEY WOOL SViYRNA RUGS.
5 feet long. Co -,r W* fpet long,' Cf/l?C 12 fee t long, tfftTC
6 feet wide $O./D :»; foot wide 4>*^J s feet wide.. 4> iO./D
--. .- ¦ .-
7500 rolls fine Japanese matting at low prices to close out
lOc, 15c. 120c, Uric and 35c
Lace Curtains and Draperies
It's fitting-up time for the Spring season, and these goods and
prices ought surely to find favor with those who need curtains and
draperies.
BEDROOM; SUITS,
'<>s -Splendid-, suits, -these. Grand
bargains ';at their former ilow
Prices. /; t ,. _ _:
Quartere/i ca"k\ -full a'well front bureau,
lajg© • WAEtstand. excellent C*79:t?n
•. earvirsg-vajue $22; price &¦*¦** JK *
"Fine quartered *oal£ Serpentine front bu-
¦..¦'reau'' 'JEmd ¦n'.ashEta.nd, shaped French
; r'ate 'beveled mirror; value GQ7 !^O
•¦v:. ra^rice... <~-. I-..:;.... " 3<3 ' ¦ V
. : i"lTie <juaK*r«a oak. a beautiful su!t; full'
;¦. ew-eU -front bureau; -ehap^d French £Iate
¦/¦.beveJefl mirror, -haivi carved, claw; feet
.'.'"cribufeau end CA^i^O
\ '•¦; value' J60; •price 4 '. • • * : -* v
.Massive, quartered cak. full perppntin*
' front . "bureau' and ; washsvand, heavy
.twist "cqlutnns. richly carved, ehtiped
.-•• French "rl'ate beveled -mir- C7*I (If)
; . ror; value JTI^; Trice l " J ' uu
¦G«nulne --.' mahopanv.- ; massive; French
: jMatV beveled mirror .SSx?2 Inches; elab-
orately carved; value |1»; §||().00
¦'"¦••' ¦ \ |¥?ST]1 1 1F- v '*° nT H
¦:..-¦ R I i I j. I ! J *"59
: ; : v : .; : ;--(.;P)Xxa&yiince display of the choicest goods for the coming season. A grand
collection^ of new designs and attractive novelties from the foremost manu-
facttiref5— shown for the first time to the public. Unparalleled prices— as our
quotations indicate. i 1
i^--\ -j'Pattosien's Bargains are real, tangible ones. The entire store bristles
¦with iiibneyTisavings. j . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMPANY
TICE. V- . . :: ¦
No stcck ether than that sold for
working capital will be issued and deli.v-r
ered until a producing well has beci
found. .« l> • '. •
For further particulars call -or writ*
to any of the directors or to >- ¦ . V :
' H. P. NO\yELU«B
Secretary.
Room 17. second floor Crocker BuiM-
ing. San Francisco. Cal. *¦' ¦
CENTS FER SHARE.
THE DIRECTORS RESERVE
THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW
ANY" UNSOLD STOCK. AND AD r
VANCE PRICE WITHOUT NO;
Our property i3 particularly well, lo-
cated for economical working. A short
distance northwest are the storage tank*
of the Standard Oil Company, of which
five of the contemplated twenty-two a-s
now completed. These tanks have a ca-
pacity each of 50,000 barrels. Within a
stone's throw of our north line the main
pipe line of that company has recently
been laid, connecting the oil field with
their storage tanks. . - ; ,
The Kern River branch of the South-
ern Pacific Railroad also passes, within
a few rods of our north line,, where they
have a siding for the convenience .ami
of shippers.
A limited number of shares, are of-
: fered to the public at
FIFTEEN (15)
The Encinal. Oil Company have -se-
cured forty acres of oil land in the SW.
Yx of the SW. l /i of Section 8, Township
29, Range 28 E., M. IX M.. Kent
County, California.. _;* .. •
All of the companies adjoining as on
the north and east are in oil. and the
"7 Oil Company," immediately west of
our property, i> expecting to reach. ths
oil sands at any moment. The location
of our property in the best section of
that famous district insures success. •
VICE-PRESIDENT AND
TREASURER
h. r* jvowerx. secuervmr
JAMES MaC AW • p/RECTOR
R. E. RUSSELL •• DIRECTOR
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS :
ch4s. a. hkac... ...... piteaioenr
THOMAS Gi CROTHEA9 •
Par Value $1.00 Per Share.
500,000 Shares
(Incorporated FeV 18, 1901.)
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
Lands in heart of Kern River Dlst.; own» CO
acres; 100, COO shares capital stock; limited
amount of treasury itock for eale at 73 cents.
Write or call for Information and pr-Mpeetus.
CHAS. CONKLIN, Sec Genl. office. «7 Market.
California Fortune Oil Co-
. SO acres Sunset, 80 acres McKlttrlck, 320 acres
In Coalinea. Now drilling In Sunset. LJmlt*<l
amount of stock at 60c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEN-
ICKE. Secretary, room 6U Parrott bldg. S. V.
"I once had occasioa to analyze these
tablets and found them* to contain no co-
caine nor opiates, but simply a- combina-
tion of harmless antiseptics like Eucalyp-
tal, Gualacol. 'blood root. etc.
"At any rate. I have known of severe ca-
tarrhal headaches which were cured by
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, and catarrhal
deafness, hay fever, asthma and catarrh
of the throat and stomach speedily show
great benefit after a few days' use of
the remedy, and when it Is remembered
how much more convenient a tablet is
than 'inhalers, doucl.es. salves and pow-
ders it ia not surprising that this new
preparation should so rapidly supplant all
other remedies for catarrh." -JN c
"The best and most successful treatment
for any form of catarrh is now admitted
to be by Internal remedies through the
stomach, and the safest and probably the
most efficient is in the taMet form, sold
by druggists as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
""I have seen many remarkable cures of
catarrh resulting from regular daily use
of these tablets, which seem to act on
the blood and liver, driving the catarrhal
poison out of the system through the nat-
ural channels.
"Nasal catarrh is only one of its mariy
forms; catarrh of the throat, catarrh of
the stomach, bowels, liver and bladder
are very common, but the sufferer usually
thinks It is something else than catarrh
and is treated for the wrong disease.
A physician now retired from practice,
but who still keeps abreast of the times,
in speakicK of the advance made In med-
icine in the last ten years says: "One of
the most obstinate and baffling diseases
i3 the very common trouble, catarrh'.
For the Cure of CatarrjL
NOTHING EQUALS IT.
IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVEBTISEME2JTS.
Directory
ReputableMusic at the Park.
Following is to-day's programme of mu
sic for the park:
Overture, " M i rel ! a" ¦'... Gounod
"Aubade Prlntanlere" Locombe
Selection, "Bersar Student" .....lllllocker
Prologue from "Pa^Hacd".. Leoncavallo
Descriptive, "The Goldbeetles' Soiree".... Kllng
Mosaique from •"Siegfried".... Wagner
Three Quotations. . . . . 1 Sousa
(a) — "The King of France." ¦ ¦-• • . .
(b)— "I. Too, Was Born in Arcadia," with
English horn sojo by Mr. Lombardl.
(c)— "In Darkest Africa." • • .
Overture. "Orpheus' '........... . ..".' Offenbach
Galop, "Infernal" ..Kelea Bela
MOVEMENT TO AID
THE COLORED PEOPLE
WASHINGTON. March 2.— Perhaps the
largest movement ever begun among the
colored people of the United States has
just taken shape here In Washington at
Asbury Methodist Episcopal Church,
where twenty official respresentatives of
religious denominations and agencies en
gaged in religious work among the ne
groes have gathered to consider the spir
itual, intellectual and social progress of
the race and make preparations for a
monster gathering of the enlightened
young colored men and women in the
summer of 1902.
Bishop Wesley J. Gaineg of Atlanta,
Ga., was elected president of the move
ment: Rev. Dr. Isaacs of Nashville, Tenn.
vice president: Professor I. Garland Penn
of Atlanta, Ga., corresponding secretary
K*\vB. \V. Arbett of Springfield. 111., as
"F,:stant secretary: Rev. W. M. Alexander
ei Haltlmbre, treasurer
MEXICAN SEAMEN LOSE
THEIR DAMAGE SUIT
Judge de Haven Decides That They
Must Be Governed by the
Articles.
United States District Judge d« Haven
yesterday hanled down a decision in the
case of Antonio Ramirez and others
against the Mexican Steamship Company
to recover wages lind $100 damages each.
The admitted facts of th,e case were that
the llbelants sierned articles for a .trip on
the steamship Mexico as able bodied sea
men from San Francisco to Mazatlan and
that they were discharged upon reaching
Mazatlan. The llbelants asserted that
the secretary of the Mexican Consul at
San Francisco, in Yeading the shipping
articles to them before they signed, rep
resented -that the. contract was for the
voyage to Mazatlan and return to San
Francisco. This allegation was disproved.
The decision awards the libelants the
wages due them from this city to Mazat
lan with costs, except In the case of Felix
Galindo, whose wages had been paid al
ready.
A Prosperous and Popular San. Fran-
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE.
cisco Institution.
Among the institutions identified with
the growth and development of San Fran
cisco Heald's Business College holds a
conspicuous place. Both as a business
enterprise and an educational institution
it has been ever since it3 organization,
nearly forty years ago, extremely popular
and. eminently successful. It is in tho
class of those solid and substantial insti
tutions in which a city takes pride. Citi
zens point to It as one of tho old' reliable
and thoroughly progressive establish
ments, an institution with a definite pur
pose and an unquestioned status.
In connection with commercial educa
tion the name of Heald's Is a household
word on the Pacific Coast and throughout
the country at large. 'In its own Held of
effort it is as widely known as Stanford .
or Berkeley, for it enrolls students from
the four quarters of the globe. In 1899
every county in California but four had
Btudents in Heald's BusinesH College. The
four not represented were Del Norte, Las
sen. Orange and .Ventura. The register
of the college shows that in 1900 students
were enrolled from the following States
and Tarritories outside of California; in
many cases there were several represent
atives from each: Nevada, Iowa, Wash
ington, Oregon, Montana, Colorado, Utah,
Idaho, Arizona, Kansas, Missouri, Penn
sylvania, New Jersey, Vermont, Virginia
and New Mexico. In 1900 students came
directly to the school from Mexico, Can
ada, Japan, the Hawaiian Islands, Yukon,
Territory, Siberia and Central America.
Enrollments were also made from Eng
land and Sweden.
Its large body of alumni constitute a
most formidable promoting force, and the
steady growth of the college can be at
tributed largely to the commending voice
of these thousands of graduates, who
know whereof they. speak.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
JOCKEY TVEDDERSTRAND SVES.-^Charles
Wedderstrand of Loulsvtlle, Ky., -filed, a suit :
In .the United States Circuit •¦¦ Court' yesterday
against the California Jockey: Club? to tiaVe the
club enow cause why It should iiot ' >ei ¦ pre
vented from boycotting Jockey Wedderstrand
by prohibiting- him from riding at. the' races.
The matter wlll.be heard .on -Monday,- :|
JUDGE COONEY'S. ESTATE.^A' petition : for
letters of. administration -upon the-^state of the
late Judge Michael Gooney Was' flled : yesterday ¦
by decedent's .widow. Catherine. Cooney. The
petitioner states that decedent's estate wfH ex
ceed J75.000 In value.' Decedent's heirs at law.;
other than his. wldow > - are James" J and tY'li
11am M. Gooney; sons, and: Agnes I*. -Cooney.
Teresa B. Cooriey and . Mrs,-,Mary E;. Ebner.
daughters of the: deceased. -. "••'.•• .\. ¦;¦ -..
BENNIE BRIDGES' BODY RECO\*ERED.-^-
The body of a 10-year-old, boy Was found floafc
ing In the bay at the foot of Main street yes
terday afternoon: The features were : constd- \
erably mutilated, but' it- was. identified by th>
Inscription "24 Zoe," written In- pencil on the :
fly leaf of a stamp book aa that : bt Benttle ;
Bridges of 24 Zoe street, who was "accidentally '
drowned In Islais Creek a wee-k- 'ajror;- last-
Wednesday. Bebnle was playing on Kenta? iiy
street with three other boys and-' fell info th?
creek. - •". '.- -... • : - ; ¦ ¦.';.""' '
THIHTEEN MILLIO>fS T&O1&- .MAiJlLA.^—
Colonel J. F. Evans,' Special Treaedry AgreritV
for' Alaska, returned on the Meada- last .Friday
night from the Philippines where,.- In: "conjunc
tion with Special Treasury Arpnf Power at tftTji
city; he had been: lnvestleatlhg the work of
the. United States customs officials in;- the-
Islands. .They found that J13,40O,0W .had. -been'
collected in duties during the y<ar 1300. .Colo^,
nel Power left Manila a few. daya. later than
Colonel Evans, and Is expected to. arrive this
week. Colonel Evans -was . formerly, ¦for •¦* •
brief season. Collector <jf Customs at Manila.
Walhalla Entertains.
"Walhalla, the German Rebekah lodge of
this city, entertained nearly 30d of tt»
friends In the Odd. Fellows' building last
night with a delightful programme of vo
cal and instrumental muslc'^ recitations
and specialties, contributed by Miss Annie
Applarius, Miss Rahlmanrt, -Edward
Worth. "Baby" Eugenia Tully, Miss Zin
nen,. Miss Grace Maurer, M. Richmond,
Miss Emma Thlertach, William Boudoin
Miss McDermott. Miss X.ol Underwood
and Ethel Corral, LJUIe Laus.- Millie Mur
ray and Eugenie Brietengross; composing
the Palbma quartet. The presentation of
each number . was enthusiastically re
ceived, and several of. the contributors
were recalled three times. These wera
followed by dancing-- .until a late hour
The success of the affair was due to Mrs
Rebecca Joost and Mrs. D. Grenlhger ihk
special committee of arrangements. '
Higher Salary for Deputies.
| Superintendent of Schools Webster re*
celved Information yesterday that tbe btlT
providing for an increase from $1800, to
COMMISSIONERS CHANGE
AID ASSOCIATION LAWS
New Rules Give to Members Power
of Selecting Their Own
Officers.
The Fire Commissioners at their meet
ing yesterday made many changes in the
laws governing the Firemen's Mutual Aid
Association. In the future men incapaci
tated from duty will receive flO per week
in lieu of the $7 per week and doctor, and
medicine, formerly allowed. The mem
bers of the association can now select
their own officers, and the funds have
been taken from the hands of the depart
ment officials.
Lieutenant P. Barry was granted thirty
days' leave of absence on account of ill
pes;*. anci Hoseman H. Bthrman of En
g'r.e 1- wiis dismissed from the'depart
ment for willful disobedience of orders.
Joseph Connors was appointed to Behr
m.°.M's place.
The l>oara of Supervisors was petitioned
to a'lcv.' tho Fire Department to uce the
old Kc-lu-nll-ouse on San Bruno jtvenne,
near Twenty-fifth street, to store appara
tus in.
The murderer of Yut Ngtin, the Chinese
slave girl at 30 Bartlett alley, is still at
large, although an attempt not counte
nanced by the police will probably b<?
made to charge Yew Chuey, proprietor of
the place, and his wife, Suey Choy, with
the murder.
Captain Seymour had decided to release
Yew Chuey and Suey Choy yesterday
morning, but he was waited upon by a
young attorney named Jackson, who said
that he would get a cook in San Jose to
come here and swear to a complaint
charging them with the murder. He in
timated that the San Jose cook was in
the house at- the .time of the murder. In
view of that statement Captain Seymour
decided to detain the man and woman in
the tanks pending developments.
Detectives Dinan and Wren are ettll
¦working on the case, but hav.o not suc
ceeded in getting any trace .of Ho Wing,
the cook who is suspected of being tha
murderer.
No Trace of Cook Suspected
of Being Murderer of
• Yut Ngun.
HO WING STILL
ELUDES POLICE
The Pacific Ship-building Company,
with a capital stock of $100,000, fully sub
scribed, -vras incorporated Friday by C. A.
Hooper, George W. Hooper, E. F. Bur
rell, W. G.. Tlbbetts and W. H. Hooper.
The company has been in existence, for
more than- a year at Coos .Bay; and dur
ing that time has had built four four
masted schooners — the Manila, Admiral.
Forest Home and' James. Sennett. .All of
these schooners have -a- -carrying capacity
of from 925.000' tb 1.000,000 feet of lumber.
They are nowengaged in the lumb«r car
rying trade. The keel, of a nfth schooner
was laid several 'weeks ago.
C. A. Hooper, who owns 350 of th© MOO
shares of the ne,w- corporation, when In
terviewed yesterday concerning the pos
sibility of a 'ship-building plant being
erected here, smiled and replied: "We
are ambltlousJ Nothing, definite has been
determined upon, however. 1 It may bo
that later on we will have a yard here in
addition to the one at Coos Bay.".
Company' Operating at Coos
Bay Considers a Plant
Near Hire.
MAY BUILD SHIPS
IN THIS VICINITY
CRAM'S ATLAS OF THE
WORLD.
1900 Census Edition,
Is offered as a premium to all
Call readers. Several sample
atlases are on exhibition at the
business office of this paper
and all persons desiring a first
class atlas are invited to call ;
and inspect this splendid book
of reference.
I
Criminals at the Bar.
Robert E. Glaze appeared before Judge
Dunne yesterday to plead to the informa
tion charging him with the murder of
William Trewhella. On motion of the de
fense the case was continued for a week.
•Thomas Frawley, convicted of burglary,
was sentenced to four years in San Quen
tin. and his brother, David Frawley. who
was also convicted on a charge of burg
lary, was given a term of one year. Inez
Curtis, recently convicted on a charge of
grand larceny, was sent to San Quentln
for a term of eighteen months.
$3000 per year In the salaries of him depu
ties had passed the Senate by a vote of
26 to 4. Mr.. Webster is sanguine that t. K .e
measure will pass the Assembly, notwith
standing the bitter opposition of the Board
of Education of this city.
The troubles existing between various
labor organizations and the employers of
men have not all been satisfactorily set
tled. The strike of the picture frame
makers is still on at Schussler Bros, and
the teamsters are still at outs with their
employers. The battle made by the re
tall clerks for short hours is not yet won,
and It Is expected that before long the
boycotting of certain merchants will be
brought Into court.
Tho» prospect cf sn early settlement of
the differences existing between the dairy
men and the Milk Wagon Drivers' Union
is favorable. A conference committee has
been appointed from the union to meet a
like committee from the dairymen's x
ecutive committee to make an amicable
settlement of the question of wages and
hours of work.
The Retail Trades Council is the latest
labor organization. The union is com
posed of representatives from the Brew
ery Workmen's, Bottlers,' Bakers.' Bar
bers,' Hotel and Restaurant Employes,'
Laundry Workeis' and Milkers' unions.
Following are tl;e officers of the new or
ganization:
President. Arthur R. Andre of the BottlerV
T'r.lon; vice president, August Iten of the
Milkers' Union; secretary. Frank Strawn Ham
ilton of the Hotel and Restaurant Employes'
Union; sers:eant-at-arms. John Gulnne gf the
Brewery Workmen's Union:
The City Street Improvement Company
has agreed to take back the teamsters
dismissed by It on account of the strike
and to pay them at the union rate of
wages. Between thirty and forty, men are
affected by this action.
SOME LABOR QUESTIONS
ABE STILL UNSETTLED
Teamsters and Picture Frame "Work
ers Are Yet at Outs With
Their Employers.
former voyage the search of the Solace
turned up smugRled pood?, the duties on
which aggregated J20O0.
Surveyor Spear says that he was re
ceived on Fridav morning by Commander
Winslo.w with politeness. The srallant
commander of the naval smuggler still
contended that he was right in his refusal
to allow the customs searchers on board,
but bowed to the order of the Secretary of
the Navy. He informed Mr. Spear that
he had called up his sailors and marines
early in the morning and ordered them,
if they had any dutiable goods on board,
to deliver them to the customs searchers.
tinued for Trial Till
Thursday.
Charge of Cruelty to Children Is Con-
JOHANSEN APPEARS IN
THE POLICE COURT
Jacob Johansen, porter for the H. S.
Crocker Company, who Is charged with
cruelty to children in scourging his boy
Arthur with a redhot iron, appeared be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday morning.
The courtroom was crowded, many of the
fair sex being drawn there by the pub
licity given to the case. Johansen was
represented by General Dickinson, who
asked for a continuance till March 7, when
the case will be set for trial.
Johansen still maintains that he did not
exhibit any cruelty in scourging the boy.
He denies that the towel rack was red
hot, and pays he drew It across his own
hand before applying it to the boy's fin
gers. He says the mark on the cheek
was due to the boy's dodging.
Eighty Packages Are Seized, the Duty on
Which Will Aggregate $7000.
Those clever people made a hit. as did
the presentation of the comic operetta.
"Turn Him Out." with the following
la'die<? and pentlemen in the cast: Mi?s
C. E. Johnson, Miss Etta Walsh. J. C.
O'Donrell. Roy Barrett Kay and William
ML Ogilvie.
The floor was cleared for • dancing:
shortly after 10 o'clock, and the "Green
Mountain boys" and their guests enjoyed
themselves thoroughly.
The dance and entertainment given by
tb<? Native Sons of Vermont at Odd Fel
lows' Hall Friday night was largely at
tended and afforded a {Treat deal of pleas
ure. The early part of the evening was
devoted to a short programme rendered
by T. W. ICclcey, John, Casad and Mi3a
Edjthe Crosett.
sent Clever Programme at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
Natives of I»ew England State Pre-
EONS OF VERMONT ENJOY
EVENING'S ENTERTAINMENT
Custom* Purveyor Spear reports that
his searchers seized fourteen packages
of smuggled goods on board the United
States naval transport Solace at Mare
Ip'.and. makir.pr a total of eighty park
ages' of valuable bric-a-brac and curios
«n»1 several thousand cipars. One of the
eighty pa<.kag r « was redeemed yesterday
on the pavment of SCO duties. If the re
maiainp seventy-nine packages pay duty
«t th<* same rate the Government will be
J7200 the gainer for havinp forced'Cap
tain Winslow to allow his ship to be
searched by the customs people. On a
MORE SMUGGLED LOOT
FOUND ON THE SOLACE
CORDELIA TOADS
ME NOT FROGS
•
Field and Tule Club Ex
• perts So Decide at Ex
pense of Bushnell.
He Is Made to Pay for French Dinner
for Showing Such Small
Knowledge of Rep
tiles.
Fred V. Bushnell was tried by a Jury of
his peers last night at a downtown res
taurant and sentenced to pay for a dinner
for the jury, which body, unfortunatc.y
for him, was of unusually large propor
tions. He was charjed by John B. Cole
man with attempting to palm off as frogs
on a body of experts Known as the Field
and Tule Club a number of Cordelia
toads, thereby acting in an unsportsman •
like manner. An able defense was offered
by L. Titua, but It availed little against
the masterly effort of F. V. Bell, prose
cutor, whose argument was supported oy
the testimony of Harry Kosmer, who
clearly demonstrated that he was an ex
pert on frogs and toads.
The trial was the outcome of a contest
held last Sunday in the Suisun marsiie3
between teams captained by Coleman. and
Bushnell. The captalii3 were cgreed that
the team .making the greatest number of
points, based on the ""dead ones" brought
to the clubhouse, was to be declared th j
winner, and In accordance with this plan
a carefully prepared schedule was handed
out naming the number of points to bj
allowed for various ducks, reptiles an-J
anlmuls.
Coleman prepared a miniature battle oZ
Manila to bring to his team the pleasure
of dining at the expense of Bushnell. Th*
scheme was a brilliant, one as far as noise
and brilliancy were concerned, but a fail
ure as "a "¦killer." Colenxan's team, how
ever, succeeded in bringing to camp sora°
snakes and other dead creatures, while
the photographer's forces brought in only
a tew mudhen heads and toads.
The dinner lasted for several hours and
was In keeping: with the spirits of the
members of the hunting club. Handsome
souvenirs of the occasion In the shape of
menu cards were distributed. The follow
ing members of The teams that "shot"
were present:
Busnnells — A. F. Hopke, -homas Has
kins, H. 1*. Miller, J. Homer Fritch, N.
Gray, Andrew Jackson, J. J. Winner,
Frank V. Bell. L. Titus and \V. T. Hob
son.
Colcmans — George Jackson. A. M.
Shields, Edwin Cramer, John S. Laweon,
W. Bay, Georse Beibesheimer, M. E.
Ung^r, Dr. Derby, L. W. Harpham. an'l
Charley Hall.
There was a full attendance at the din
ner, as it had been announced that any
one as much as two minutes late wouIJ
be fined $5 and that absent ones wouid
have to pay $10 each.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Teas
\^/ Coffees
©apices
Extracts
Soda I
ftremtamsl W3KlDg
V with J t> j
%£/ rowder
:G|8j|fejiiIiortiii|[TeaCo.
• ¦; ;¦-..-; }'¦¦ :¦¦ .;CITY" : ©TORB6.
••: : TtlO Criiniir Ajeii. bat. Po«t and 6ott»i
: : ftBl:MV^**? t *»°*»l ;>;Po * rel1 *
i4O^6!*th SK. .: •{: 1419 Polk St.
tia Third ftt'i J8I9 DorUadero St.
il4«Mnlh 9V 2008 PIHmar* St.
¦ 8000 St» tee nth St. S21 Montftom*py An
*2316*lU«roo St. : -. 3285 Mt««lon St.
T05 La**klii St. 2732 24th 8t.
03C Uayeii S>. '. - 47» Haliht St. :
.*£ ¦'. .- ;f-i* :C2 M«H<et : 8t. :;¦. ;
.' [ ¦ :"- ''\
.1053 WMhliifttoo.S-t .-¦ -1237 Broadway.
; i!S3 SSrtiAvb./ ; :: -010 EV 12th St.
¦'¦ -.:: '¦ '.. '¦ . . : /WI<> 6«r«nth Stv ¦ .; : . ¦ ;¦ •..'¦ ¦ ¦_ .
v ; ::ALAMEDA-^i383-p«ipjc-sW : :'^v:; : \"
, 6Ari;RAFAEt*B St., near Fourth.
: '¦ '{& Other ttranch Store*. .; : :\"' : \/: r
|0S f HGfELES
'¦ :¦¦¦:.•' I- :;/;::•. PORTr';
; Berth and Meals Included,
V.-. ¦'. ; : '.'.' -. — - via— .;•
New, Elegant and Commodious Steamship
, r : jLEAVES SAX ; FRANCISCO
Wedriesday, March 6.
H. R. DUFFIN, A£ent,
. - . . 638 Marke t Street.
The early American settlers at« their
bread with lard or gravy; butter wa?
rare: last year America produced one-
third of all the butter In the world.
4[yC7/OAf?--No, better than an auc-
tion for you; because there you would have
competition in bidding, here you don't have
that bother. The goods are yours at less than
auction price—and they are new and reliable.
CASHMEEE . CARPETS,
One yard wid*, usually sold for 85c, our price 49a.
BOSTON FIBER CARPETS,
Usually sold for 75c, our pries 49c.
OLD DUTCH CABPETS,
Yard wide, regular price 50c, our price 30c.
HEAVY OLD CONTRACT MATTING,
. Fanfan and Nankeen brand, usually sold 15c, our price 7>/£c.
Better quality from 15c to 22y 2 c.
AST RUGS,
From $3.20 to $5.80; all sizes.
JAP BUGS, ONE BIG FELLOW,
18 feet by 21 feet, worth $ 50, we will close out at 828.00. Smaller
sizes from 84c to $14.00.
NEAR GErtR-V.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEJtENTS.
On the same day, for the §econd
time, TECHAU TAVERN, the famous
popular restaurant and family resort,
combining a temple of art, music and
refreshments, will commence business,
when Mr. R. J. Techau will b« pleased
to have bis former friends and guests r*>
new their past friendships and patron-
age.
TECHAU TAVERN. • ratatxrtai
and family resort w«U and favorably
known to all San Franciscans, waj de-
stroyed by fire tome months axo, tinea
which time it has been undergoing re-
fitting and renovating, and, thorough as
were its equipments and appointments
before, and handsome and cozy as was
the interior, its present appearance io>
far excels the former that it will be sura
to again become the popular and favor-
ite resort of th« city.
The proprietor, Mr. R. J. Techaa, has
an established reputation as a host sec-
ond to none with our people after thirty
years in this line of business — first, at
proprietor of the Southern Pacific
Oyster House in the California Market,
and later of the Good Fellow* Grotto
under the I. O. O. F. buildinsr. after-
ward moving to Market and Gty Hall
square, finally locating at his new placs.
ioq-i 17 Mason street.
. In «aoh of .these places Mr. Techau
was a grand and signal success, and the
same elegant service and careful atten-
tion which commanded that success and
characterized TECHAU TAVERN ia
the past will prevail in the future.
Guests musically entertained from
.12:30 to 2, 6 to 8 and 9:30 to 12 p. m.
daily, under the leadership of Professor
Carl Vondal of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The upper part of the building i«
being reconstructed as an exclusive
bachelors' home.
Will See Win. McKinley for the
. - :¦ ...
Second Time Inaugurated
as President of the United
States.
march the 4th
Inauguration
llay
- A Connecticut woman disinherited an
adopted daughter and several cousins and
left S70CO to two yellow dogs.
yr> If you need your cash, pay »hen and how it suits you, ?fc*^
Uft Our credit system includes no extra charges or interest. We sell >S<
i r^*, at usual cash prices — often lower. fi£?
;*i In the matter of credit, all dealers favor a few; we trust you. We S^l
fij4 make no distinction. - ?j2*r
Sjj What it Costs >KJ
| C>< Dba't take our word for it that theE9 prices are the lowest in /©»
town — read for yourself. *t>
SJ 'The Kitchen Today. (§5
*3* Floor covermtr calls for first attention; a standard graie of Lin- '»T?V
VJV . oleum— one to last. The average kitchen takes about 10 yards. I KT
2«J' . : at*5c $10.40 *3Z
! rri$ - ' A RICH3COJJD Range, a range that we will guarantee almost • ]'7S 1 ' ¦
f|tr forever, all fet up 30.00
\£5rA A Kitchen Table, with flour tins and moulding boards and eplce Xtjt
ujr . u • boxes— awful hand v 2.7^ ] r fl[T\
I fe»* i Tw© strong wood seat Kit.'ben Chairs, 50c each 1.00 ! • rij
\J2< A. Xo. 7 granite Tea Kettle tX> K»
vr»? A No. 6 (jranite Sauce Pun Mi ,
I M-* A No. H granite Sauce Pan 15 •«& '
£>L ; A No. 04 granite Sauc« Pan 35 Xwt
i «-— > • \A granite Basting Spoon, ().1 ."aj,
"J*^ A cranite Ladle 13 » #4 I
>Z2jL A li quart granite Dish Pan 6"> -Sc3
'<f^t A granite Tex Pot 30. , *k*\
i>2ri A granite Coffee Pot (half » dozen large enps) 3> ' «•» I
JJ'jZ • . A Roasting Pan, 16jcI7 inches (iron) • .3". g*S
77^3 A st^l Fry i'an 15 , f aj i
flSir - One st»»el .Spider 4»
yT4 9-;nch Pie Tins— for hom<»-m»de pies .' ' .05 &^3
yr -^ - And perhaps a doz^ti oth«r little thinca j ou could think of. that , "gvA
I v« ' adil^d to or omitted from your bill, would ra.iko no marked I * *w
W*/ ; variation from our estimate. SSI ¦
. TJK ' Total. 547. 20 7Z7J
kJ: How You Ca.n "ay ¦
.(ty - H . jon need your cash, pay us $ 10 down and ?3 a month until * »^ll
j*^:- .your account is settled. That gives you seven months to
?i« : prove or dL«>prove our claim of good goods at ordinary cash I fm\'
• -prices. It's simply selling "on approval."
g) Wouldn't you like to open an account with us ? kS
1 Sterling Furniture Company I
?&! 1039 MARKET STREET Jv£
'spring!
) \*Jp T8ADEMAER ¦ X^J' I
(Does the price of "Sorosis" I
— {?:?.5O — sound too low? I
Try and realize • that it m
stands for a full $3 value. . I
Does it sound too high? M
li Stop and consider that one / 1
S pair of Sorosis outwears any [ 1
8/ two pairs of lower priced w
M\ shoes. I
ml Among the most enthusias- I
Bf tic wearers of Sorosis to-day I
w v are thousands of women who I
3 used to pay anywhere from I
$ $5 to $io a pair for shoes — I
* thousands of others whr i
I never thought they could af- I
j " ford to pay more than $2.50. |
j It's a wonderful shoe that can B
f>\ satisfy alike both the fas- , %
•,y tidious and the economically (^
"A" minded. m|
\ SIZES 50 WIDTHS /l
f 1 to 9 SHLES. AAAtoEEZp
t 5O THIRD ST., S. F.. j
Second Shoe Store From Market. JMTO SAIU
C. Herrmann & Co. Attached.
The firm of C. Herrmann &. Co.rthe hat
ters at 32S Ko.irny street, was attached
yesterday 'for^-iPOO. The attachment was
made at- tho -Instance of 'F. L. Gcdsbv,
who is said to be nctlup for Eastern cred
itor?. Charles Herrmann, tho foundor of
the concern, died recently in this city.
Madame Keith will /personally superin
tend the opening next Frfrlny and Satur
day andwill be vrry glad on thnt da^ to
meet all old^friends and 5 customers. Ele^ !
Kant display promised. Keith's. 1'helan
building, S03 Market street- • j
GABRISON TROOPS GREET
COMRADES FROM MANILA
Eleventh Cavalry Escorted From
Presidio Wliaff to. Quarters in
Model Camp. , ;"';.•;
The soldiers of ' the Eleventh Cav-
nlry were received upon their" land
ing at the Presidio . wharf, yesterday
by.- Van escort consisting of Com
pany 3, convalescents, a battalion of
the ¦ Eighteenth Infantry. Troops F and
G., Sixth Cavalry, and the Fifth -Battery.
I<*ield; Artillery. The wpIcobio accorded
the returniiiK heroes was a warm one ar.d
a 'source of a great deal of pleasure to the
wan and emaciatsd wi'rriors. Headed by
tbr Third, Artillery : Hand the garrison
troops -marched: with'- 1. heir fellovz-HRhtcrs
to the upper portion or Model Camp,, at
Branch Ilydroeraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.;
March 2, . 1801. ,
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or rat S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. • . v
C. G. CALKINS,-
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X., in charge.
¦ ' Sun,' Mooniand"' Tide.^ , : ;¦»£ -
United State? Coast ana Geodetic Survey—
Time Ball.
"A telegram^ was received Friday by
Secretary Filcher of the State 'Beard of
Trade from the management of the Pan-
American Exposition . at Buffalo urging
haste in forwarding and Installing goods
from California. The telegram also ex
plained that no work would be permitted
in the Horticulture building, where th<»
California representation of products will
stand, after May 1. • . .
The space devoted to California Is all
ready- for the placing of Its wares and
product?. . Secretary Kilcher . has sent
notices to, all parts of the- State to hurry
exhibits .to San Francisco that they may
be forwarded. Every county in thia State
will be represented. There are greater
quantities of exhibits than were, sent to
Paris In the Southern Pacific Company's
collection. The ppace is larger and will
permit of an exhibition on n more compre
hensive scale. California^will have one- |
fourth of all the space in the Horticulture i
buildinp. consisting- of 12,000 square, feel.
Secretary Filcher will start for Buffalo
Immediately .after the annual meeting -of
the State Board of Trade, which w*l!
take place on tho 12th inst.
BUFFALO EXPOSITION
READY a FOR" EXHIBITS
Notice Is Sent to This State to Ssn'l
On. and Install Its
Products.
There Is every reason to believe that
the excursion- to Bakersfield on Saturday
evening next, which the Southern Pacific
announces, will b« an unusually popular
event. The interest In oil and all- that
pertains to oil is little short of intense,
and there is a very general desire: to see
tho. practical side of oil development.
The advantages of this excursion are
more than the half rate— or but little
more— which * is offered. There will be
side trips all through the oil region
planned expressly for this occasion, and
excursionists will remain in their special
cars wherever they , go, because the sleep
ers will be : used for these trips. Then,
again, this is a chance that the business
man- can take advantage of without los
ing his rest or an . hour from his work.
The train will leave. Saturday night and
return early Monday morning. Ten dol
lars for the round trip; sleeper extra.
Make reservations early.
There.
When the S. P. Excursion Gets
A HOT TIME
IN OIL TOWN
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tha early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In tha order of occurrence as to time, of
day, the third time column gives the last tldo
of the day,, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
Are tn addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus »J^n < — ) precedes the height, and then
the number Riven Is subtracted. from the depth
Klven by the charts. Th« plane of referens*
1« the mean of tho lower low watera.
Lieutenant Frank I. Otis, squadron Phil
ippine cavalry, has been assigned, under
Instructions from the "War Department,
to duty with the First Squadrpn, Fifteenth
Cavalry.
Wilber Scott, a discharged soldier, for
merly of Company F, Seventeenth .In
fantry, who returned on the transpor;
Meade, 'died while belnjr brought from the
transport to the general hospital.
The men of the Eleventh were soon as
signed to their tents, and in a few mo
ments could be seen hurrying to tho
stables to have their bed sacks tilled with
clean fresh straw. It required but a short
time for the soldiers to make their camp
fit for occupancy and for the rest cf the
day they were allowed entire freedom.
The camp was soon thronged with visit
ors and the soldiers haJ, every opportunity
to tell of their experiences during their
two years and a half in the Philippines.
The Thirty-sixth Infantry will be land
ed from the transport Pennsylvania ouriy
this mornins: and' taken to the Presidio on
bay steamers. The soldiers -will be met
by the garrison troops and escorted to
camp alongside the tents occupied by the
Eleventh Cavalry. (
The soldiers that arrived on the tran3r
port Meade were taken to the Vresidio
late Friday night. Of the 10S men 51 wore
admitted to the general hospital and the
rest were sent to the post to await dis
charge. - -.-¦-.»;.
the entrance to which they halted. hoM
injr their arms at present while the re
turned cavalrymen nnarched past.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
CHERBOURG — Sailed March 2— Stmr St
Loui*. from Southampton, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed March 2— Stmr Barbarossa,
for New York. ,
CLEARED.
, Saturday, March i.
Stmr Walla TValla, Hall. Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Etmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Brlff Ccnsuelo, Pase, Mahukona; Chaa Nel
son. _^
Schr Proer>er, Brandemann. Everett; Alaska
Packers' Association.
. SAILED.
Saturday, March 2.
Etir.r Ban Mateo, Fletcher, Nanaimo.
Etmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. .
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria. »
Rtmr "Whiteeboro. Olsen, .
Stmr Hyades. Garllch, Seattle.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Nor etir.r Tltanla, Eigenes, Nanalmo.
G«r etmr Totmea. Pa<^?3ler. Hamburr.
Bktn .Monitor, Donnelly. Grays Harbor.
Brig; Consuelo. Page. Mahukona.
Bar^e Santa Paula, McGovern, San Pedro, in
tow of tug Rescue.
Schr Glen. Johnson, Coos Bay.
Schr Mary Cuhne; Davvevle, Eureka. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. March 2— P.ujs «hlp City of Ben
ares, hence Sept H, which arrived at Falmouth
Feb 13. Is reriortrd ashore at Eastham.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOtSOS. ilarch T. 10 p m — T^'eather
hazj-; wind N, velocity 24 miles an hour.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
TILLAMOOK-Sailed Marth 1-Etmr Acme,
for Ean Franciwoi
GRAYS H A RBOn— Arrived Feb 2— Schr Web
root, hence J Feb 21 ; echr Win Olsen, from
Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEXD-Passed In March 2— Er
stir,r Klntuck. fr^m Manila, for Seattle.
Arrived March !— Br EhlD Scottish Glens,
from Iqulqae; bktn Willie R Hume, from
Callao; schr Alice Cooke, hence Feb 17. for
Port Gamble; Ger barlt Admiral Tesetthoft.
from Ar-tofatrasta.
BAN DON — Arrived March J— Stmr Argo.
hence Feb !S.
COOS HAY— Sailed March 2— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in March 2— Ship Flor
ence from Honolulu: stmr Robert Dollar,
hsnee Feb 27. for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 2— Stmr Ruth,
from Valdez: itmr Czarina, hence F*b 26.
Sailed March 1— Stmrs Senator and City of
Seattle, for Ekaruay.
Arrived March 2— Br etmr Klntuck, from
Manila.
Hailed March J— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco.
POUT LOS ANGELES— Sailed March 2— Stmr
Grcnncrjd. for San Francisco.
PORT LL'DIX)W— Arrived March 2-Chil bktn
Alta. frrm Honololu.
KUREiCA— Arrived March 5— Stmr San Pedro,
hence Keb 2S.
Hailed March 2— Stmr Brunswick, for San
Frar.cifrco.
TACOMA— Arrived Jlarrh 2— Schr Glendale.
from Pan Pedro.
KAHULUI— Arrived Feb 10— Schr Serena
TI.bv<t. frrm Tacoma. RSSSHfl
Sailed Feb 20 — Schr Stanley, for liana. j
In port Feb 20— Schr Ottillte FJcrd, schr
Compt-cr, schr Honoipu, rchr Robert It Hind,
hrix Lurline. ship CharmiT, bark Hdward May.
CRESCEN'T CITY— Sailed Marcb 2. 2 p m—
Stmr Del Norte, for Kan FrancliK;o.
ASTORIA— Arrive March 2— Ur *htp Com
llebank, from Fanta Ilo»alia; Br eh'y Ileljra/
fn>ci Tfir.tat:: Fchr Orridcntal. ,bence Feb 17;
bark Prust!u. hence Feb 20,
FOREIGN PORTS.
MORORAN— Sailed March 1-Aui stmr Mari
anne, for San Francisco. • .
MOLLENIKJ-Salled 1'eb 27-Br bark Haw
th'imUmk, for Orcjon. - ...
CALLAO— Arrived Feb 14— Br stmr Robert
Adarayon, from Oregon.
VALPARAISO- Sailed Feb 14— Ger strnr Ila
tfcor, for Haiiibur^. -
Br ship Huromont, Lowe, 74 days from New
castle, A us.
Brie W G Ii-wln. Garthley, 15 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Esther Euhne, Olsen, 9 days from Grays
Harbor. • :
Schr Sparrow, Cl»ment, 4 days from Eureka.
Schr Novelty, Rr^sendal, 11 days from Wil
lapa Harbor.
Times and Heights of Hlsb and Lovr
Watera at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tho Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort- Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both placer.
SUNDAY. - MARCH 3,
A large number of school children stood
in line yesterday In the main corridor or
the City Hall waiting: to be- vaccinated:
Three doctors were kept busy applying the
vaccine points to the bare arms of the ap
plicants and more than 500 were treated,
during the day.. The Board of. Health- has
no more funds to purchase the virus and
application has been made to the Mayor
to direct that an apprppriat'on. fcr tha
purpose be made out of the ur"ee.nt neces
sity fund. The rush for vaccination is th»s
result of the inquiry made by teachers. in
the public schools as to whether the vac
cination certificates of .their pupUs have
expired. •;•.---
Many Children Vaccinated."
'Allan Mitchell.; and Preston K. "Wilson,
two. soldiers, were arrested yesterday and
booked on j a charge of robbery. They
were- in. a .saloon' at Baker and Greenwich
streets, when \V. W, Tenbrook. salesman
for a -clothing 1 house, on Kearny street,
asked them to buy a suit of clothes. They
did not buy the. clothes. Tenbrook soon
after raccused the two soldiers of stealing
his watqh. They denied it. but Tenbroolc
called in a policeman and had them ar
rested. The watch^ was not found on
them- when searched.
: . The oldest German . college is Heidel
berg.- .1326. -. \ . • • -. ¦ . . ¦ ¦
Soldiers Accused of Bobbery.
Slefchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Walla "Willa sailed yesterday
The following !¦* a list of the salmon
fleet for 1901 of the Alaska Packers* As
v arr.« — ' Ton*. I Nut. e Tons
6hlp»— (Premier .¦ -gOT
TV. H. Macy r202;Proeper '2U
Ftar cf Ru*fla 1SS1I f?t*aroer»—
John Currier 1S15 '. KTichaJt 1200
iTacoia* '...- 1728! President STT
Oriental ..:...' ::RVCbt!kat 140
6intrata lEJfi 'Jennie 12J
Bohemia .: 1633'Aljtak 120
Eclipse V>H Kayak US
leaac Re*3 JMliKadlak 114
Fanta C1*ra .' 15S5! Thistle 102
•iTs-llana .-...USTiHatrle Gage £i
Cclun-.bi*' ....: 14?l;G«ite Storey .....; 71
J,'*we!lyn J. Moree.l202!Afc£nalc C(
Two Brother* I3SS EVsie ; tt
C>r.tenislal .....'. '. lTtSiEila RobiCa .' C4
¦ "J'.arkf — 'Pacific CS
V.'ii-iircott l2r.£:rtoyaJ 63
Undauotei iTCT.IViirwara : CO
;'rf-sno: li44 l P0Ur Bear £8
Coftllnsa. '. P3€ Novelty E7
KI«»ctr& ..., >u Uulnnat £5
rcicotB*. T>&.ver ¦£»< Importer to
iyUI-W. Case 183 -Lillian 45
' ;Sohocner»— lAfcut :....... 28
Ckai»ct«O ..'. 721; .-¦'.
Bipr Alaska Salmon Fleet.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Th« Mary E. Tester will load merchandise
tor ¦¦ Honolulu ; the Merioneth, wheat for Eu
rvp«. •?.» •¦ W : ' th« - Vikinp, merchandise for
Maz&tlan;' the -Senator, lumber at Chemalnus
Sor Liverpool prior to errlx-el.
IfEWS OF THE OCEA2J.
- The schooners Susie M. Plummer and.
Alice McDonald, now on the Atlantic
toast, have been purchased by Byxbee &
Clark of Saji Francisco. They will come
to this coast via the Straits of Magellan.
The bark Coalinga has been purchased
by the Alaska Packers' Association. A
r.ew steamer to be named the Santa Bax
"bara- is beine built at Grays Harbor lor
J. R. Hajiify &. Co.. and another to be
named Chehalis is being built at Coos
Bay for Cbrisr.ar.sen & Sudden.
The British jship Arranmore was to have
pone to &ea yesterday, but Captain Howes
was taJten seriously ill and the departure
of the vessel had to be delayed. Captain
G. Childs McDonald was called upon to
treat the captain. ' 1
T. Douglas, a helper In the kitchen of
the- International .'Hotel, was badly
scalded . yesterday. He was treated at the
Harbor Ho^itaL
Henry Pet-erson's launches will carry
excursionists to the battleship Wisconsin
to-day. • : : • ,-• -
Water Front Notes.
ln.oth.er Hissing Schooner
The schooner Maxim that left here for
Eureka on January 23 last in command of
Captain Olsen has been given up as lost.
F+%fprirtg men are of the opinion that she
!was the unfortunate vessel seen floating
bottom up by \-ariou3 vessels during the
past month. The Maxim was owned by
the Caspar Lumber Company, and was
312 tons net burden. S2.feet long, 27 feet 2
inches beam .and 7 feet 2 Inches deep.
Work on the "Warren.
TVork on the transport Warren begins
to-rr.orrpw. D. D. Wass has the contract
for all .the electrical work, the Risdon
, Iron Works fcr the new machinery and
overhauling ar.d Lewis Spear &. Co. for
the plumbing. ¦ ¦ ;.' ,
Vessel to Port-
The r.ew schooner W. J. Patterson ar
rived from Grays Harbor Friday evening
with the wife of the captain in charge.
"When the echooher was three days out
from -Grays Harbor Captain Weitkunat
was tsicen -dangerously 111 and bad to take
to his bed:' The lirst and second mates
were not ffood navigators, but Mrs. Weit
kuaaf ha4 studied with her husband and
can 'take an observation with the best
Kainan afloat. : She took command of the
big schooner, and between attending on
her sick husband . and na\igating the
•ship sh« had a lively tinae, tonally the
<Jolden Gate was reached, but Mrs. Weit
kunat w-as ufrald to come In, as she did
r.ot knew the bar. After standing on and
off for threa day.s the pilot-boat Grade S
v. ~,s epoken and Pilot Boyd went aboanl
and brought the schooner in. Captain
AVeltkur-ai is now recovering, thanks to
his wife's care, and save he will never go
to sea Ejain unless his wif* accompanies
him. Tiie W. J. Patterson is a handsome
•four-masted : schooner. " intended for the
Jumber trade. Had it not been for tho
three davs* detention outside ehe would
liave made a splendid run down the coast.
SHE SHOWS HEE PLUCK
Wife of a Sick Captain Navig-ates His
THE United States chartered trans
f-nrt : Pennsylvania arrived from
Uaraja via Nagasaki yesterday.
Sr.e brought over -22 cabin passen
gers, 9 steerp.g-e passengers, 15 pris
oners. 6 stcwawavs end 504 enlisted men
o£ the TMrty-sixth Infantry
.,Those who came up Jr. the cabin were:
Colonel W. iit Grove.'. Lieutenant Colonel W.
L. Luhn. Msjjor B. F. Straub. t ur Beon ; Hrst
l-icvtecant 13. T. Johnten. Captain E. E.
Booth. Oaptain 1>. F. Orale. First Lieutenant
Ale» Coehr. First" LJeutenar.t C. Bach. First
Lleutetism C; Z McGee, First Llefflenant A.
II. pavidEon First Lieutenant K. H. McGowan.
Second Lieutenant 3. M. Petty. Second Lieu
tenant J. A. Brown. Second Lieutenant Arthur
'Norton- " 'second Lieutenant "V. J. Bergstrom.
iit»." W R Grove Mrs: E. E. Booth and child,
Mrs Kuckir.!-. T. M. Hlpley, Superintendent ol
Parks ManSVa: F. W*. Force, es -quartermas
ter" s cleri; W. C. Ivwof the Sctraen's Mis
*ion, Shacc'hat. from. Naeasakl
The steerage passengers tvere:
Oeorire T. Rice, editor of the Manila Bulletin
(QcponedK-C. P. Klmball. M. Burns, A. Diehm.
A.' Jilll and J. U'JlUams, fstiiors from the
American- ffcip Mcl^iurin; John Murphy. V.
Sohaffer and II. L". Moore.
Ainong the discharged men are twenty
p'gl'it members of the crew of the trans
port Sumner. These mer\. would not serve
in the Pliillppir.es, bo their places were
Siiled by Filipinos.- Two of the crew re
ftised a discharge, so they deserted and
mowed away on the Pennsylvania. The
elx stowaways are A. Utting, G. A. Raras
•ocH, W. Durkee. F. Thompson. F. Adanis
ar-d one Jai^anese. Part of thePennsyl
var'ia's crtiv is composed of 6ixty-on*
Filipinos. •. ¦
The cabin passengers ar.d many of trie
eteeraee passengers and discharged men
catne ashore last nigrat. The enlisted men
win- be taken to the Presidio by the
steamers Resolute and Sunol this morn
ing, after which the transport will dock
on" the north side of Folsom-street wharf.
nia, from 1/tvernool.- e
Sailed March 2— Stmr Columbia, 'for Ham
burg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; etmr Rot
terdam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne; etirr
JEtrurla. for- Liverpool; stmr : EthlODla; for
Glasgow; stmr Phoenicia, for Hamburg; .Etmr
Trave, for Naples; Etmr Minnehaha, for Lon
don.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March 2-
Stmr Victoria, from Tacoma. via Tokohama.--
VALPARAISO— Arrived prior to March 2—
Stmr Yank-tse, from Tacoma, for St Vincent.
NAPLES— Arrived March 2— Stmr Stam. from
San Francisco, via St Vincent, C V.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March- 2—
Stmr Doric, from San Francisco, via Honolulu,
for Honrkonsr.
BRISBANE— Sailed March- 2— Stmr Mlowera.
from Sydney, NSW, for Vancouver, via Hono
lulu. . . • ¦ , •. - .
AUCKLAND— Sailed March 2— Stmr Sonoma,
from Sydney. NSW. for San Francisco, via
Honolulu. • .
ANTWERP— Sailed March 2— Stmr Switzer
land, for Philadelphia; stmr Kensington, for
New York.
HAVRE— Sailed March ,'2— Stmr La Cham
pagne, for New York.
LIVERPOOLr^-Sailed March I— Stmr Umbrta,
NEWCASTLE. "Aus-Salled Feb 7-Br bark
Inverneill, -for San Francisco."
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Feb IS— Ger bark
Antirco, for-Pucet Sound.
COLON— Sailed Feb 28— Stmr • Michigan, for
New York. •'.'/ - ¦
HONGKONG— Sailed Feb 12— Br ship Ful
wood. for Oregon.
AUCKLAND-Sailed March 2— Stinr Sonoma,
for San Francisco.
• BRISBANK— Sailed March 1— Br Btmr Mlo
wera, for Vancouver.' ¦--¦-. ' , ' • '
- PANAMA— Sailed March 2-Stmr Atd'11, for
San- Francisco. • ¦ ¦¦¦ -
GUAYMAS— Arrived March J— Schr : Lena
Sweasey, from Grays Harbor. • - . -
ACAPUL-CO— Sailed Feb S3— Stmr City of
Para, for Panama... . '¦¦•'>
MAZATI*AN-Sa!led Feb 27-Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.' .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 2— Stmr L/uca-
Btxnr Pennsylvania, Roberts," E2 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki II Vj days.
Strnr Santa Barbara, Jamlescn, 4$ hours from
San TtCro.
Ship Kclinse. Lersen, IS days from Comoi,
via Clsllam Bay S days. . - ,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March 2.
StTT.r Pomona, Enea, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Lakrae, Echase. 42 hours from Hu
eneme. i - •
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. El hours from Se
attle.
Strnr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, U hours from
Vtr.tura.
Stir.r Luella, Maflsen, 43 hours from San
Pe.lro.
Etmr Santa Ana. Strand, 9 days 18 hours
steamer Totmee. which sailed yesterday, car
ried the following merchandise, valued at
J44CS:
For San Jo« ce Guatemala— 1000 lbs *alt, 7
pkgs confectionery. 4S0 lbs dried fruit, 7 pkirs
miscellaneous merchandise; value, ¦ J262. For
Chile— 2^4 ells wheat. £000 railroad ties; value,
JC12.
An Additional Manifest
In addition to cargo previously reported the
for Victoria with tho following carro, valued
JU $:t.5TS: /
IS ce axle crease. 57 en arms and ammuni
tion. «4X> lbs beans. 4972 lbs butter, S00 c»
canned poods, 9 coils cordage, 1000 lbs choeo
ltte. i cs dry goods, J4 cs drugs. 2500 Jb? dried
fruit. 40 bxs .fruit. 44S0 lbs fertilizer. 202 pkps
groceries u :id . provisions, 41 cs hardware, 195
lbs hops. 3S I'kKi 1 household goods. 39. bars Iron,
204 pies lead. 129 bxs lemons. S2.1S5 lbs malt.
53 pkgs machinery. SCO tint matches,- S pkgs
marble. SIS bit oranges, SO cs syrup of il«s,
ISC crts potatoes. 11 ca paste, .-45 bxs raisins,
10 bbls tar. 163 pkgs vegetables. 3S5 gals wine,
IS i-kss windmills. In transit— iSO.SSO lbs sugar,
l.".,i:3 lbs coffee; value. $10,!£2. • -:¦-
Officers and Men of Thirty=5ixth Infantry Arrive oh
the Transport Pennsylvania. -
ANOTHER REGIMENT IS HOME
FROM PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1903.
21
t-'t earner. Destination. Satis. | Pier.
March 3.
.Santa Barbar Humboldt I pm Pj er 2
Santa Rosa... ISan Diego 9 am Pier 11
."Wnroh 4.
W. H. Kruge. Tlllamook Eay 5 pm Pier —
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pirr- t
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Marc:h 5.
Acme.. . Tlllamook Day .... 12 m|Pler 13
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm'Pier i
Empire Coos Bay i pmjPltr 13
Bonlta Newport «, am|t*ler 11
tlnrcli O. I I
Mandalay Coqu.'Ue River 6 pmjPlcr i
Ht. Paul New 1'i.rk via Pan 2 pralPier 27
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 9 pin [Pier 7
Chas Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 amjPler 2
Queen San Diego 9 amIPier 11
Slarcli T.
Eureka ilumboirlt ....:..... 9 am Pier 13
Coptic ..China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
UmatiUa:.... Pujjet Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Arcata Coon Bay l> ni|Pler 13
.Unroll 8. I
Alliance irortld & Coos Bay 9 am Pier —
Peru .' ."Panama & Way Pt 12 miPiISS
North Fork.. iHumboldt ........... 9 ampler 2
rorona Newport 9 amil'l^r li
Colombia Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.W. 2
March 'O.
G. W. Elder..! Astoria & Portlan-3 11 am Pier 3
Curacao (Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Point Arena. .,'Polnt Arena ......| 2 pm|Pler l
Steamer,
From.
1 Due.
i
St. Paul Panama [Mar. 3
Victoria Oyster Harbor |llar. 3
Mandalay Coqutlle River |Mar. 3
Curacao Mexican Ports iMar. 3
Umatllla Pugct Sound Ports.... Mar. 3
Acme TlUamook Bay Mar. 3
Queen San Dleso Mar. 3
Washtenaw,,... tacoma ....Mar. 3
Argo Ccquille River Mar 3
Bonlta Newport Mar. 3
Colombia Valparaiso v. Panama Mar. 4
Fulton Grays Harbor Mar. 4
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 4
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 4
Del Is'orte Crescent ' City Mar. 4
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 6
Alliance — .....Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar 5
North Fork Humboldt ...V Mar. 5
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 5
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 5
Peru Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 5
Eureka Mar. 5
O W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 6
C.\P. Lane Panama Mar 6
Corona.. Newport Mar 6
Xewburg Grays Harbor |Mar.' 7
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 7
Santa Roea San Diego Mar. 7
Matte-wan Tacoma Mar. 7
Pomona Humboldt Mar! 7
America Maru. China and Japan Mar! 8
State of Cal.... Pugct Sound Porti Mar. 8
Newport Panama & Way Ports.! Mar. 10
Australia Tahiti .|Mar. 10
Sun rises 8:38
Sun sets 6:03
Moon sets 5:19 a. m.
"o I Time I JTJmel ITlmel ITlmel
£ | Ft. |Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• * L "W H W L W II W
3 ... 3:67 2.2 10:11 5.6 4:31 0.2 11:21 6.3
4 ... 4:10 ' 1.8 11:00 5.4 5:05 0.4 11:53 5.4
6... 5:23 1.6 11:43 5.2 6:40 0.7
H W L \V H W L W
8 ... 0:20] E.3 6:02 1.4 12:25 5.0 6:13 1.1
7 ... 0:50f 5.3 6:42 1.4 1:07 4.7 ' f :42 1.5
8 ... 1:17 5.2 7:20 1.1 .1:52 4.5 7:11 1.8
9 ... 1:42 5.2 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 2.2
t-'t earner. Destination. Satis. | Pier.
March 3.
.Santa Barbar Humboldt I pm Pj er 2
Santa Rosa... ISan Diego 9 am Pier 11
."Wnroh 4.
W. H. Kruge. Tlllamook Eay 5 pm Pier —
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pirr- t
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Marc:h 5.
Acme.. . Tlllamook Day .... 12 m|Pler 13
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm'Pier i
Empire Coos Bay i pmjPltr 13
Bonlta Newport «, am|t*ler 11
tlnrcli O. I I
Mandalay Coqu.'Ue River 6 pmjPlcr i
Ht. Paul New 1'i.rk via Pan 2 pralPier 27
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 9 pin [Pier 7
Chas Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 amjPler 2
Queen San Diego 9 amIPier 11
Slarcli T.
Eureka ilumboirlt ....:..... 9 am Pier 13
Coptic ..China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
UmatiUa:.... Pujjet Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Arcata Coon Bay l> ni|Pler 13
.Unroll 8. I
Alliance irortld & Coos Bay 9 am Pier —
Peru .' ."Panama & Way Pt 12 miPiISS
North Fork.. iHumboldt ........... 9 ampler 2
rorona Newport 9 amil'l^r li
Colombia Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.W. 2
March 'O.
G. W. Elder..! Astoria & Portlan-3 11 am Pier 3
Curacao (Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Point Arena. .,'Polnt Arena ......| 2 pm|Pler l
Sun rises 8:38
Sun sets 6:03
Moon sets 5:19 a. m.
"o I Time I JTJmel ITlmel ITlmel
£ | Ft. |Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• * L "W H W L W II W
3 ... 3:67 2.2 10:11 5.6 4:31 0.2 11:21 6.3
4 ... 4:10 ' 1.8 11:00 5.4 5:05 0.4 11:53 5.4
6... 5:23 1.6 11:43 5.2 6:40 0.7
H W L \V H W L W
8 ... 0:20] E.3 6:02 1.4 12:25 5.0 6:13 1.1
7 ... 0:50f 5.3 6:42 1.4 1:07 4.7 ' f :42 1.5
8 ... 1:17 5.2 7:20 1.1 .1:52 4.5 7:11 1.8
9 ... 1:42 5.2 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 2.2
Steamer,
From.
1 Due.
i
St. Paul Panama [Mar. 3
Victoria Oyster Harbor |llar. 3
Mandalay Coqutlle River |Mar. 3
Curacao Mexican Ports iMar. 3
Umatllla Pugct Sound Ports.... Mar. 3
Acme TlUamook Bay Mar. 3
Queen San Dleso Mar. 3
Washtenaw,,... tacoma ....Mar. 3
Argo Ccquille River Mar 3
Bonlta Newport Mar. 3
Colombia Valparaiso v. Panama Mar. 4
Fulton Grays Harbor Mar. 4
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 4
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 4
Del Is'orte Crescent ' City Mar. 4
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 6
Alliance — .....Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar 5
North Fork Humboldt ...V Mar. 5
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 5
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 5
Peru Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 5
Eureka Mar. 5
O W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 6
C.\P. Lane Panama Mar 6
Corona.. Newport Mar 6
Xewburg Grays Harbor |Mar.' 7
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 7
Santa Roea San Diego Mar. 7
Matte-wan Tacoma Mar. 7
Pomona Humboldt Mar! 7
America Maru. China and Japan Mar! 8
State of Cal.... Pugct Sound Porti Mar. 8
Newport Panama & Way Ports.! Mar. 10
Australia Tahiti .|Mar. 10
. It 1* Interesting to ktrcw that food alone.
..if at the'Tigtit kind', will surely cure most
¦ : - EeeSeS ' ¦ M , „
. A young lafly la Corry, Pa., was se-
riously 111 as the result of two serious falls
and from overvork; was an Invalid for
five years. She says: "It was Impossible
\o gain strength. I had to lie down most
of t&ery* afi^rnooa whether I had com-,
par;}", work or pleasure I wanted ever so'
xr.uch to enjoy.
"Two. months aeo I began using Grape-
Nuts . Food and experio need a gain in
etrerg-tli at ence. In less than a week I
-eld 'not require more than an hour's rest.
"*nd now when 1 hare oaten my dinner, of
'tvhJch Grapc-Nut« forms the most part.
.1 am rot "obligC'd to po lo bfd. but po to
work or play instead. I am always hun-
gry for Grape-Nuts, for they satisfy some
cravlnp I can scarcely define.
"A friend cf mine is nursir.g a flve-
ir>T»nth*-old fcaby. She Is Inordinately
fond of Orape-Nuts Food, but found St
X)PC^ sf ary to forcpo- the luxury of the us-
ual amount horause it increased the flovr
Ct milk so mucJi as to cause discomfort.''
•JCame can !>« friven by Postum Cereal
Co - Ltd.. Battle Creek, &lich.
/Nature Hints to TJs of Food Tliat Is
!«££- ' • Needed.
A CRAVING.
GRAPI-NUTS.
I have bought^lTimoutT-1 gave. him 25:. on. the dollar fo: his
entire stock and I vvil.i sell these shoes at lower prices than he
I will 'sell -W. L.-. Douglass' $4.oo-and £5 00 shces for
¦^2.50 per pair. * . ' . \ :.. * •. ; •' / .;• ...
•i will sell Lilly &Br3ckett'.s $4 OO tan. shoes for. $1.95 .a
pair — all ?iz?s and \vLuhs. • " • • • '...¦ «§>•'
\U 1 will sell boys' shoes, black or ta.n, for. 75c per. pair*
1 will se'.I ladies' shoes, black or tan,- ali>i2es. and widths-
Vfor $1.25 per pair, -Jan d every pair; is worth $40?. . . •¦¦ '¦',.
; 1 have 100 pairs-at Richard .Pahl's ovvn • hand-made shoes
'for men — this is a, misfit lot and worth ffo.m $6.00 to $10.00
• per pair, but I will c!o>e them 6m for Sl-25 -a pair. •'
1 still have, some - riff-raff, that is to sayyodd sizes j,out-of-'
date styles, an J if lean fit you the/ are '505 "a" pair;- .
' Monday,
I ' ' L;LESSER 5 ;
Successor to Richard Pahl.
>324 ;KE^R1N V STm N^ar Bush
OF INTEREST TO LOVERS OF
FAMCY HOSE.
LADIES' FANCY HOSE, made of good
quality lisle, with fancy stripes of lav-
ender and black, yellow, blue, green, red,
purple and black the entire length of the
stocking; fancy drop-stitch rib. It's the
price that creates the interest; only..5Oc
i . ¦
ALSO LADIES' HOSE, made of extra
good quality fast black lisle, double soles,
high spliced heels and toes, full length,
extra elastic, fancy ribbed or plain or lace
effect; Rosenberg's way of selling 25e
Phelan Building I f\ ¥7 O f\ CS W* 1%J 1RL|p ID* 1^ "816- Market St.,
Mnll Orders Solicited. - II O'FARRELL STRSE T
1
A LUCKY PURCHASE OF OURS ENABLES
US TO OFFER YOU SOME EXTRAORDINARILY
GOOD VALUES IN MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
LADIES' CORSET COVERS, made of best soft
bleached muslin, hemstitched with V-shaped neck,
trimmed with torchon lace; all 'sizes ...10c
AGAIN. LADIES' SKIRT CHEMISE, made of
best nainsook." front trimmed with two rows of fina
torchon insertion, band and arm size- finished with
torchon lace and beading drawn through with silk
wash ribbon; deep tucked flounce bottom. Your loss
If you fail to inspect these at Sl.ilO
We will place on ' sale to-morrow tha
best wearing, best fitting and most stylish
glove made, at prices that will prove irre-
sistible. The "Look- Ahead Woman" read this;
It is the "Sorosis" and is made. of. the best
Russian leather, "Paris Point" stitched, two
clasp, in all the n«w shades of ' mode, tan,
brown and red. This plove is unmistakably
the best glove made for $1.OO.
The prevailing fashion In dres3 trimmings for
spring and summer wear is lace. Ladies, here is
your opportunity. 5000 yards BLACK FRENCH
LACE, in all the- newest patterns, from 2 to 5
inches wide, all fast black ".....lUVic
Glove Announcement.
; Important
LADIES' UNDERSKIRT, made of very best
mercerized Italian cloth, extra heavy quality,
made with deep flounce and finished with three
small ruffles, extra wide and full length, colors ma-
genta, new blue, cherry red arid black; exception-
ally low priced at: •. '. $1.50
Skirt Department.
very best quality frilled «Ja3t!c with rubber grip,
which prevents the hose from being torn; belt made
of flnpst French sateen; colors pink, blue, red ?.nd
black; only ;:...:.. .25c
ALSO best quality (assorted TOILET BOOK
PIXS „ ..;. JSc a book
AGAIN. PATENT NON-TWISTING TAPE, as-
sorted Width; 6 bunches in a package. 5c
A VERY EXCEPTIONAL VALUE FROM OUR
vaTue^our Notion Department
LADIES' BELT HOSE SUPPORTERS, made of
Ladies' Belt Buckler.
Made of best untarnishable gilt and best hard
French enamel: over 100 different designs to pick
from. These bargains must be seen to be appre-
ciated ¦ il 5 c
Come nnd See Our Traveler's Sample Line of
LADIES' VESTS, made of half silk and half mer-
cerUed j*arn, low neck, no sleeves, new fancy drop
stitch alternating with fine ribbed effect; neck and
arm size finished with crocheted edge of silk
drawn through with silk tape. Our surprise.... 45c
Knitted Underwear Dep't.
LADIES' LACE COLLARS, made of best Point de
Venise lace, in different patterns. Specially, priced
9Sc
A Surprise Awaits You In Our
IF NOT. HERE'S YOUR OPPORTUNITY.
BO dozen LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, made of
best Belfast lawn; fancy embroidery edges; to be
sold at prices that will astonish all .12V£e
Have You One I '»/»*> RiCi»//Q#»c- For Ycur Jacket
O* the »>EW LaCe If eVerS or Waist?
Handkerchiefs th^cost.
Center piece made of solid Battenbergr. of best
linen braid and fancy stitches; 23x23. A rare op-
portunity 9Sc
One Battenberg Ifem, one,T O G o T d
Sale at CFarrell-street entrance.
LADIES' WRAPPERS, made of pood quality per-
cale. In striped or figured effect; fitted back; full
front; waist lined and trimmed with fancv wash
braid; flounced skirt. Our introduction price.. 75c
"We have just received our new spring wrappers,
all made In the best percales and cut after new-
est patterns. Here is one we are offering as a spe-
cial attraction.
ALSO the new curved and graduating belt, nar-
row to the fron\ and slightly wider at the back;
made of best Suedf* leather; best polished srilt
buckle. The small store's smallest price. 40c
In Our Wrapper Department.
LADIES' BELTS, mad.? of" best Suede leather,
plaited and finished, with best nickel buckle. Our
special 50c
Leather Goods Department
SOME TELLING VALUES IN OUR
The LA VIDA is the best, finest fitting ajid
most durable corset made. It is made of very best
French coutil and boned throughout with genu-
ine whalebone— not imitation, but the genuine ar-
ticle. ... It Is bias cut. hand gored, short over the
hips, with full low' sloping bust, and trimmed with
fancy lace arid ribbon. Rosenberg's price.. S3. 50
Renowned La Vida Corset.
A WORD ABOUT OUR
The LA FRANCE HIP FORM. It rounds the
form and produces the effect desired in prevailing
fashions; no wife or objectionable material to be-
conle disarranged. Light in weight, only weigh-
ing two ounces. Why have an ugly, angular form
when you can remedy It for the smally
sura of... Sl.OO
A TOUCH TO NATURE.
20th /CENTURA BUST PERFEGTER.
It is designed to be worn over the corset and
can be -worn without corsets if so desired. When
worn .without -corsets it Is an efficient bust sup-
porter and is hailed with delight by athletic women
who wish their, waists and hips entirely free. When
worn with a corset It rounds the bust and fills all
hollows, thus enabling drertmakers and tailors to
give their patrons a perfect fit. It is made of best
French .sateen, fast black and summer netting.
Specially priced ....• ......'.§1.00
HERE ARE
THIN PEOPLE MADE FAT! U
SOME Y/ERY" WgS§
' . ¦ "•¦ ' "[ ' : :' ¦¦¦¦:. :. '
3 FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN!
By Wearing the
World-Renowned MAJESTY CORSET.
It is made of very best fast black Italian cloth
and boned throughout with very.b«st quality tem-
pered steel, double side steels, rust-proof . front
eteels; just the corset for a stout figure, as.it Is
firm and strong and la .molded to fit the stoutest
figure. Should you break- a steel in this corset
within ninety days wo -will replace it with a new-
corset. Unusual price concession .... ........ $2.75
CORSETS FITTED FREE.
THE NEW EMPIRE GIRDLE
Is What' We Recommend to Ladies Who WUh Their
Bust and Hips Free From Pressure and Who
Desire a Neat, Trim Waist.
They are made of best Italian cloth, warranted
fast colors, and boned throughout with the best
boning; colors. p*nk, blue, black. . They have no
hips or bust and are all that is desired by an ath-
letic woman. ¦ Only i ...^uOc
Our New Straight- Front Corsets
Are-the talk of tho town. For quality and price
they have no equal. Made of best quality fast
black Italian cloth, bias cut,- hand gored, new low-
sloping bust, double side steels, new rust-proof
front steels. No woman can afford to slight such
an opportunity &a thia , i.. Sl.OO
I Always the Very Best at Prices Lower Than Else-
r where Is What Yovll Find Throughout the Store!
a9ftw*"-«^Si
ADVERTISEMENTS.
II you want an ideal figure
go to Rosenberg. He carrizs
everything pertaining to the im-
provement of the form.
.REGISTERED TRADE MARK;
dg{^r* S. H. & M. Bias Velveteen
o|l|igt or Corduroy Skirt Bind-
/5|l|iili|p i°g s are th Q onJ y proper
and satisfactory bindings.
-yl^? for the prevailing styles in
\r¥ skirts, and are used exclu-
J|||i, sively by the most cor-
y-^^^N. rectly dressed women.
JrMM >\ THEY DO NOT INJURE
Bfi/Ji I J THE SHOE, which is a
Wffp^ s i serious fault of the old-
Wa hL*g$L fashioned braids.
Wttinffl 1^ When the edge of your
I^^^^a /& skirt shows, as it fre-
V '** \^\^J Q" 611^ niust, you natur-
I W a^^ wish it to show a
| \ \ smooth, elegant, per-
| \ fectly fitting binding.
1 \ No bindings fit so v/ell,
\\ ¦ ¦ \ \ wear s0 we^ or 00^ # s0
\ \ \ well as the S. H. & M.
\ \ \ N The genuine has the
% \ \ \ registered trade-mark
/ i% V i \ 5. H. & M. on the back
/ I \ \ I *\ °^ evel *y y ar^ or on the
I, 1 • \ \ |V\ label. In the best
P \/-§^^ rtt&y-*na.<XQ skirts
/ a woven *abel
J^^^^^^^^^^\^\ shows thatMAY LOSE MORE
ALASKAN LAND
Uncle Sam the Victim of
an Error in Boundary
Agreement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 2.— Mrs. A. J. Camp
bell of South Park has taken an active
interest in Alaskan affairs. She lectured
before the Tacoma Chamber of Commerce
and not long ago a communication of hers
was read before the Seattle Chamber of
Commerce dealing with the Porcupine
district and the boundary question.
Recently Mrs. Campbell received a letter
from. Senator Foster regarding the boun
dary. The Senator quoted from the offi
cial correspondence on the subject He
pointed out that the International tem
porary agreement specified the "Junction
of the Chilcoot" with the canal. Mrs.
Campbell was quick to see that it this
was a literal translation it meant the loss
of even more territory than is now under
stood. The Chilcat should have been
named. The Chilcoot is six miles north
of tho junction of the Chilcat
Mrs. Campbell at once wrote Senator
Fester calling his . attention to the pre
vious correspondence, and he haa Just re
plied, thanking her and promising to im
mediately look into the subject.
Mrs. Campbell tells of a new gold field
which Was found by George Williams in
tho Arctic, in the interior from Point Bar
row, When at Point Barrow last year
Williams learned from the Indians of gold
in the interior. He set on foot an expe
dition, and after a time returned with
forty pounds of dust. He is now prepar
ing for another trip into the country.
Smallpox at San Jose.
BAN JOSE. March 2.— Victoria Lennox,
a 12-year-old school girl, who is visiting
Mrs. Frost at 168 North Fifth street, was
stricken by smallpox to-day. Many chil
dren in that neighborhood have been ex
posed. The Board of Health has taken
all precautions to prevent a spread of the
disease. Guards have been placed about
the place.
HIGH SCHOOL FRATERNITY.
Gamma Eta Kappa Delegates in
Council at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, March 2.— The Gamma Eta
Kappa Fraternity, composed of all the
chapters of that society in high schools
In the West, met in Odd Fellows' Hall to
day. About 100 delegates were present
the States of Oregon, California and Col
orado being represented.
Officers were elected for the ensuing
year as follows: M. E. C. P.; John A
Brewe of San Francisco; R. C. C S
Harry T. N'icholai of Portland, Or.; G. s"
H. S. Jewett of San Francisco: R. C. O
Earl Garretson of San Diego; E. C. F
C. Gllohrist of San Jose; G.* T., Fred Mc-
Kenzie of Fresno; G. D., Charles Sell of
Denver.
Iresno was decided upon as the next
place of meeting. This evening the vis
itors were banqueted by the Epsllon
Chapter of this city.
Guard McDonald Resigns.
Slight Earthquake Shock.
SAN RAFAEL. March 2.— "W. J. Mc-
Donald, the State prison guard, who, sev
eral days ago, made severe comments on
the way Captain of the Guard Russell ran
things at the prison, has resigned. It is
claimed by the prison officials that his
resignation was voluntary.
SAN JOSE. March 2.— A slight shock of
earthquake was felt here at 11:45 to-night.
It was of several seconds' duration, and
the vibrations were from north to south.
DEB VICE OVEB, BEBEAINS OF
FORMES SENATOR EVARTS
After the Ceremony th.e Body Xs Tak
en to Vermont for In
terment.
NEW YORK. March 2.— Funeral ser
vices over the remains of former Senator
¦\Villiam M. Evarts were held in Calvary
Protestant Episcopal Church to-day. Be
f< re the services in the church there were
private son-fees at the late home of the
ceceaised on Second avenue, at which only
the immediate relatives were present. The
church was crowded.
The Rev. James Lewis Parks officiated,
assisted by Bishop Leonard of Ohio and
Bishop Potter. The pallbearers were Sid
ney Webster, "William Allen Butler. J.
Pkrpont Morgan. John E. Parsons, Carl
Schuiz. John L. Cadwalader, Immanuel
Sloan. Whitelaw Reid, Benjamin F. Tracy
and Thomas B. Reed.
After the services the body was taken
to Windsor, Vt., for interment.
— — •
SAXTA ROSA, March 2.— Fire ruined the
building known as the Chace Seminary prop
ert>\ on College avenue, this afternoon.
has been engaged for a three years' con
tract after the close of Mme. Sembrlch's
season. His brief career has been inter
esting. He was born 27 years ago in Na
ples and studied in the conservatory there
to prepare himself for the duties of an
orchestral conductor. He was engaged at
the little theater of Bari as second con
ductor and his work was to coach, tho
singers for the operatic performances.
His voice was frequently praised when
at the piano he sang the music for the
singers, and he was seriously advised to
attempt a career as a singer. He studied
in Naples, and after two years made his
debut at La Scala as Alfredo in "La Tra
viata." His reputation was established
as one of the most promising young ten
?, rs in }}?} y - He haa slnce appeared in
Rome, Milan and the other principal Ital
ian cities. He has so far confined himself
to the lighter tenors and was to have cre
ated the leading part in Alascagni's new
opera, "I Mascheri." at Venice before he
accepted Mme. Sembrich's invitation to
come here.
Pierre de Lara, who will open at the
Grand Opera-house with Mme. Sembrich
March 18, and who has evidently acquired
his faith In the value of a "de" from Jean
de Keszke's .career here, is to be the lead
ing tenor of Mme. Sembrich's Opera Com
pany. He sang- with her in Berlin dur
inp October and November at the Royal
Opera-house and Js to go directly from
this country to Buenos Ayres, where he
Support Sembrich in This City.
The Famous Grand Opera Tenor to
PIERRE DE LARA.
. On the 15th of September, 1839, Hoffman
died and his estate is now being manage I
by G. A. Hill. In view of her claim that
the divorce was obtained by fraud anl
without her having had an opportunity
to defend herself, Caroline Hoffman
claims that at the time of Charles J. HoiT
man's death she was his lawful wife and
ehe holds that she is bntitled to a share of.
his estate. . . '¦¦A'--:,
SEATTLE. .March 2.— A Deculfar suit,
arising: from an alleged fraudulent divorc,
was this morning begun by a petition filed
in the office of the County Clerk by Caro
line Hoffman, who asks the court to com
pel G. A. Hill, as executor of the estate
of Charles J. Hoffman, to grant her a
share of the property. Caroline Hoffman
alleges that up to the time of the death of
Charles J. Hoffman she was his lawful
wife, and this in the face of the fact that
In the records of the Superior Court of the
State Is filed a judgment which grantei
to Charles J. Hoffman full and complete
divorce from her. She bases her claim
on the alleged fact that her husband ob
tained this divorce by fraud.
Caroline Hoffman recites that- on the
Zd day of January, 1896, she and Hoffman
were married at Denver, Colo. On the
15th of September, 1S96, the plaintiff say«,
she with the consent or her husband went
to San Francisco to reside. ' During ths
year 1898 Charles J. Hoffman commenced
an action for divorce against her in tha
courts of King County, whence he ha J
moved. In this action Hoffman claimed
that he did not know the postofflce ad
dress of Caroline Hoffman and as a conse
quence summons was published. It is al
leged that all this time Hoffman not only
knew the address of his wife but wa?
writing to her and that she has letters to
prove the statement. The divorce was
granted bv default.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Caroline Hoffman Alleges
She Was Divorced With
out Her Knowledge.
In Miss Eddo's hand as she fell was
clasped a sealed envelope which contained
her last message to the man who had for
saken her. It declared that she could not
live without him and expressed the hope
that they would meet in the land to come.
The note was signed, "Mrs. P. II. Glas
sell (Rhodo M. Eddo).
ACCUSES A DEAD
MAN OF FRAUD
"I won't," she replied, in a dejected
manner. "I believe Phil is at Dr. Shorb's.
When I passed thereiyesterday the doctor
ran out of the house and told me that ,'f
I did not quit coming by there he would
have me anested for vagrancy."
A few hours afterward the girl ended
her life before the Shorb residence.
"Have you seen anything of Phil?" she
queried eagerly. "I have not seen him for
more than three days. He is hiding from
me. or else they have spirited him away.
He promised to marry me and now he
has gone back on his word, like a coward,
and I can find him nowhere. More than
that, he has left me without a cent."
The man to whom she spoke advised her
to give him up.
Early this afternoon Miss Eddo was still
looking for Glassell. On North Main
street she stopped her buggy and beck
oned to an acquaintance. Her face was
haggard. She looked as if she had been
without sleep for a week.
Friends and relatives brought all their
influence to bear upon Phil Glassell to
cause him to break with the girl. Four
drys ago Glassell left Rhodo at their room
an^ never came back. At first it caused
her no uneasiness, but as his absence be
came prolonged the deserted girl became
frantic. She hired a buggy and patrolled
¦the entire city in search of him. She sus
pected that her lover was concealed at
the house of Dr. J. de Barth Shorb- on
Bonnie Brae street, and during the last
three days she was noticed, passing there
a number of times by neighbors.
Rhodo M. Eddo was a beautiful girl a
year ago when Phil H. Glassell made her
acquaintance. She worked in a lodging
house on North Broadway. She was then
scarcely 17 years old. Glassell prevailed
upon her to live with him. James P.
Eddo. the lather of Rhodo, at one time
threatened Glassell with personal violence,
but he could not induce his daughter to
leave Glassell. She believed Glassell would
marry her, and after the death of Andrew
Glassell, the father of the young man, she
repeatedly Informed her friends that she
would soon be Philip's wife.
LOS ANGELES, March 2.— After having
vainly searched for three days for Phil
H. Glassell, the lover who had deserted
her, pretty Rhodo M. Eddo ended her life
with a bullet this afternoon. The tragedy
was enacted in front of the residence of
Dr. J. de Barth Shorb, who, the unfortu
nate girl believed, had used his influence
to cause Glassell to forsake her. Miss
Eddo expired in the presence of Miss Lucy
Mitchell, a niece of the man whose love
she desired more than life. Miss Eddo
shot herself through the right temple with
the pistol of Glassell. Death was instan
taneous.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pretty Rhodo M. Eddo Ends
Life on a Street of Los
Angeles.
"WASHINGTON, March 2.— The Presi
dent has nominated William A. Rublee of
Wisconsin to be Consul General of the
United States at Hongkong.
The man who will succeed the late
Rounsovelle Wildman, a victim of the Rio
de Janeiro disaster is one of the editors
of the Milwaukee Sentinel. Merchants of
San Francisco expected that a resident
of this city would get the appointment,
uhen a "dispatch was published that
Rublee would probably be chosen Presi
dent George A. Newhall of the Chamber
of Commerce telegraphed Senator Thomas
R. Bard as follows:
"Can you inform us definitely if Presi
dent McKinley has appointed William A.
Rublee? If so, what are his Qualifica
tions?"
The following 1 reply was received:
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 2, 1901.
Geor»a H. Newhall, President Chamber of
Commerce, San Francisco. Cal.: Though Wil
liam A. Rublee's appointment has not yet been
sent to the Senate, it is certain. I have met
him. He is a modest, retiring, well educated
and reputed to be of superior moral worth.
He is a son of Horace K. Rublee-. a distin
guished politician and editor of the Milwaukee
Sentinel. He succeeded his father as editor
of the paper. He was appointed by President
Harrison as Consul to Prague, Austria, and
served about three years. Has no other, ex
periences or training in commercial business,
but his character is flrst rate and grlves assur
ance of , fairness and respectability. He will
be at the Palace Hotel April 12, and will sail
on April 17. Both the Wisconsin Senators re-
DESERTION LEADS
TO TRAGIC DEATH
Evidently the President sent the nom
ination of Rublee to the Senate after Sen
ator Bard had wired to Mr. Newhall To
morrow the various commercial bodies of
V. e .,F ityt by their presidents and boards
of directors will meet in the hall of the
Chamber of Commerce. The object of
that meeting, as originally announced,
was to discuss the names of candidates
lor the Hongkong- Consul Generalship in
order that the California Senators mWt
be duly apprised of the choice of the
meeting. A meeting will be held, never
theless, and the matter to be discussed
will be the appointment referred to in the
telegram of Senator Bard.
rard him as well qualified and gar that he
represents no particular Interest. His age ts
about 40 years. His Consular reoorts were
very creditable and scholarly.
. THOMAS n. BARD.
SUCCESSOR TO THE LATE
CONSUL GENERAL WILDMAN
President HcKinley Chooses an Editor of
Milwaukee for the Diplomatic Post.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCbTS, 190
22
ADVEETISEJIEKTS.
firnTDEBATCBR RttOS. JV\E£, CG
CHANGE OF= FIRM.
The San Francisco Branch of STUDEBAKER BROS. MFO. CO. will b« siacceea«d
May F"li-st loy
STUDEBAKBR BROS. CO. of California,
A Local Company With Local Management.
To prepare for this change, we reduce price on every vehlcl. la * stock amounting 1 t»
jioo.eoo. ¦ . '¦
All Pneumatic Rubber Tire and Solid Rubber Tire Runabout wa*cm» reduced TEN PER
CENT. - '"'•"-¦
All Surreys Phaetons, Carriages. Basket Seat Kovelties, and th« entira lin« ot new 19(11
styles reduced FIFTEEN PER CENT. • ,,. • " ". ¦'.'.... ,.,.,.., ...'.;...
Spring \Vag0n3, Delivery Wagons and Mountain Wagons reduced Jrig'iriaijy FERXgNT.-
One hundred Vehicles, comprising different styles, are reduced from TWENTY. TO
THIRTY PER CENT, all being at cost of manufacture with the| freight added, and- many
of them at less than flrst cost. ' ¦•" . • .. . ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦ .¦¦¦ ¦ -: •¦¦>- " :;
Four hundred sets of Harness,- both Single and DoAibla .Harness, reduced .. TWETIT-
"FIVF PER CE^JT • * • ¦ ¦ ¦-¦".¦.-"--'
Twenty fine* vehicles, including Victorias, Cabriolets. Brougharns, Four-Passengsr Tr»n»
and Coach Gear Park Wagons are reduced abCut FORTT PER CENT, making th. prtoM I«M
than tho original cost of manufacture.- -. ;>¦.. . .... ; . ; ;> ; : ' : '-.>¦
Every vehicle ire own Included In the reduction; nop* are excepted.' ¦ ' *' - : : - •'- -¦ ••: .' i'
Each vehicle plainly taF^ed. showing old and" new prices' In each lnstanc* .'¦¦.'• '";'¦"-¦¦¦'¦.--
An opportunity of THIS KIXD to buy fine vehicles of a reriable. firm baa ftevei fefftr*
been offered In this city. : • • . ¦ •.•.' :.¦•..¦•' ¦..:¦.¦'": . : •'..'.¦-? '.:-. :;"-•¦.-;
STUDBBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.,
L. F. WEAVER, Manager. , . Marikct and TiCrith Strcetg.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I During This Week g
H We exhibit some very B
1 Stylish effects in.... |
% Taffeta I
I ¥ I y OKU lO I
H \ I I Ranging in |j
M \l \ : price from |j
I y0i \ $15.00 .1
I t —^LJ^ $25.00. I
I i ALSO. I
I New Tailor Suits. I
1 WE INVITE INSPECTION. |
THE BLACKGOODS HOUSE I
I (R.T. KENNEDY COMPANY;, I
I 1106 Market Street. §
j TEIEPHOIVE SOUTH +73. g
Pills *
. Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. • V
For tho cure of all disorders of ths Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder. Female ¦ Ir-
• regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
st Ipa tlnn, Plies and . all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 23c a box. At Druggists, | or
by mall. RAD WAT & CO.. New York.
Weekly CaU,$1.00pap Yeai?
ffi| CHICHEQTER-S ENGLISH
/¦AS C&^ for CHIClltSTEHVS ENGtSS
(tP i *iZ>*?i?ilia ltED mn.l tola metric boxe.
T^ 3?*" "'-^ rifcbo... Take no other. Beta*
fn %3 wnb.tlti.-4on. and ImltSJ
2G y, Ixearny »U Han Fran«ii»c0. Ca»-
DR.MMLi¥§
n->HIS WRU-KXflWS AJTIi RELIABLE OtJ>
.«. Hp<>clal 1st cure* Dloml Poison. OonoirboeavOleet,
j Strtctar^, S?mluHl W?4kDes». Impotence and their
allied Disorders; Mook on I)«e:i.ws of MftiVfrf*,
Ovcr20year9>xper1enre.TeTmnr*>a,'W!nable."uouT<i
0to3daily;8:3BtoS.30e'» > Ks. Sahd»v^,10tn>12.<«>n.'rol-:
tationfreeandsacredly confldentlaL Call oiractdres*
tMME/iSZ STOCK AND LOW Aff/C£S.. t ... ct * '¦****:$:{*&*
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.'
DrurrtsU.' SOc flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay. •
BANTA ROSA, March 2.— A burglar entered
the house of Mrs. Sundel i In this city yesterday
afternoon and made away with a considerable
sum of money and some Jewelry. - ¦ .¦ ¦ ,_¦¦¦.. .
BUCHANAN BROS. •
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
via:.: >-r-»
DDTTCUI7Q FOK barbers, bak-
BfiUblliib saJTSffis t %&:
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, c&nner*,
dyera. flourmllls. foundries, laundries, .paper-
hangers, printer*, painters, shoe factories, ¦ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
Mrs. W. A- Kemp -will be pleased . to
meet her friends at Keith's grand open-
Ing Friday and Saturday next. • :
KID GLOVES
SACRIFICED.
Monday, Tossdayjnd Wednesday.
400 pairs CHILDREN'S FINE KID
GLOVES, in Browns and Tans, for-
merly sold for 75 cents «.>y
and one dollar, reduced Ft NfcfT^
1200 pairs LADIES' TWO-CLASP
FRENCH KID, in Black and Color:,
all sizes, regular value one _,
dollar, sale price §"1^%^"^
•900 pairs Extra Quality LADIES'
TWO-CLASP KID, in Black. Red and
Brown, l fine fitting, styjish. pv f\
and durable glove for...*...' T S\C\
MOSS' GLOVE STORE,
1210 Market St., Bet. Tayor & Jones,
N. B.— Ask to see our new 91.00
ENGLISH WALKING GLOVES,
with outseams, quirks and Paris point;.'
They look like the gloves now sold at
two dollars.
Pretty Galateas. in stripes
and checks, in wash f dories
that wash, $1.50 values.
All of them— Special
Wash
Sailors.
That pretty Sailor piclicred
here in three shades of Oxfords
and Fancy Checks, all-wool
Sailors, all sizes, worth posi-
tively $5.
Bargain price— Special
Sail, Ho!
ADVEBTISEBEEITTS. _ _ ' : ¦
ELEGANT
NOTE THE LOW PRICES.
GENUINE FRENCH POPLINS, wldtn 43 inches,
in a most comDlete line of new srrina
Stmd6Sl Price '.si-OO Yard.
GENUINE ENGLISH WHIPCORDS, 46 inches
in widtn. 12 different shades.
Price $1.00 Yard.
FOULE TAILOR SUITINGS— A mil varietn of
all the new mixtures and all summer
"^ Price $1.00 Yard.
FRENCH WOOL CREPE de CHENE, in shades
of Red, Blue ; Grau, Rose and Reseda.
Price $1.00 Yard.
ENGLISH SATIN VENETIAN, full 52 inches
wide, in the following new shades. 1 Modes,
GrauSj Greens, Rose, Garnet and Blues.
Price $1.25 Yard.
FRENCH SATIN .VENETIAN,. ": high Panne
finish, full 48 inches in width, In everu
desiraile spring shade, *
Price $1.50 Yard.
NOTE.— Our comDlete importation' of NEW
WASH SILKS for spring have heen pe-
ceiyed, Theu come in all the leading
shades, also Pure White.
- 1891 0 Jr£>^^»
111. H3. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
NEW THINGS.
The Swell Novelties in Chil-
dren's Apparel, the Swell Hals,
are now being shown by us.
< f EFT V<T^ 1 1
==^==^^H FORGET IT!
fjafcj] ance.
wM\ r \ \ Slue
fcii %J\ ' \ They'll make
I kV(1'u\ ns I '!* ''^\ * V able, will stand
! t3 P VJ say j list
[__j^edm^^'^umitoe'__|
*" ''Iff a BHEBBHE1
Comfort for company and comfort for home in
this 3 piece. Parlor Set. Mahogany finish, uphols-
tered in bright velour. Comfort in the high back
divan, restful arms on the arm chair.' Was $zo; 13.59
Chitia ClOSCtS Golden; oak, rich grained that makes pretty contrast
with your polished ware, Glass front, locked door. Was $17.50; <5|] QQ
j PflflOr S6tS Mahogany finish, neat carving, velour upholstered divan,
! arm and reception chairs. Regular price 520.00; reduced to J3 QQ
! Dining CfiairS Hardwoad, well braced; made for service; 76 C.
RedUCCd PriCeS Has had the desjred effect— given us room for ad-
I vanced shipments, but for the benefit of customers thej bad weather kept
I away we'll continue them another week— Furniture, Rugs and Curtains.
Rugs for honire, for office,
for half = price
i Big, made-up rugs of short lengths oJ our standard carpets. Most any
shape and size you'd wa,nt, with or without border. Noend to color and
pattern. Half the regular price. Here are a few of the kinds and sizes:
Rftriv RrnsspK - 9 ' I0X I(>9 feet; sold for $22 '°°> now $u oo
UUUJ i;iU0v3iJlJ 5 6xg . 9 fi e t; sold.for $12.50; nowS6 25-
AYrTiifl^lPr x 9fe«t; have sold for $13.50. -now S^ T5
nAililllolvl 83x11 feet; hjave sold for $22.00; now$1100
-'TaROCtpV Have sold for $ 9.60; now $4 50
lGJ.iO.3U J 8-2Xiifeet; have sold for 5 18.00; novv$9OO
1/PlVPt 6x7 feet; have sold for $12.50; now $6 25 9
fl/ITC/l 6x«feet: . have sold for $13.75; now $ 6 85 %
Free flcllvcry Oakland Alamcda Berkeley |
. p"?S _ M." FRIEDMAN & CO. ¦•f»H?r' J
PVeWVITE THEPUBLT^^^^^^^^ ' Iblt40«3- ':
TO Art IH3PECTIOH OF OUR " ~"^ == r===== , Mission St.i
¦D kBOHS m »*"* .—^
HU rySftrf fa f^iffpfc |H Era flfth t-3EXPERT DIVERS FAIL TO FIND
ANY TRACE OF WRECKED RIO
AT ANY SPOT NEAR FORT POINT
VAXTJAfVTYrei FBOM WRECK.
Tha large proportion of the deck struc-
Seek Freedom in the Courts.
Pearl Hayes haa sued Edward Hayes
for a decree annulling their marriage*.
The couple were married In April of 1338
at Auburn. Mrs. Hayes alleges that at
the time of her marriage her husband had
a wife by a former marriage still living
and from whom he had not beeri <tlvorced.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Charles Henry against Mattle Henry. for
desertion. H. Ita Gusham against Harry
da Janeiro carried Is not known, but or
dinarily the mail baggage consists of 300
sacks. •"
Church over this remains of Mrs. Sarah
Webster Wakefleld, one of the victims of
the Rio de Janeiro disaster. The body of
Miss Wakefleld, who accompanied her
mother, has not been recovered. The
church was crowded with friends of the
unfortunate lady and many beautiful
floral offerings were heaped about the
casket. The services were conducted by
the Rev. Dr. C. B. Rlddick.
OXE OF THE VICTIMS OF THE
RIO DE JANEIRO DISASTER «.ND
' HIS BROTHER.
Afterjnath of Shooting Affray.
. : Detect Jvs Hammlll and Riordan. whn
¦have been detailed on -the murder and at
tempted sufride that occurred in a Iruit;.
". ln»f hotJse at 105 Taylor Ftreet Friday
nlphti have found that the dead woman's
.name was Rose 4Jitz<M and thnt her pa
rents'reside in B^avertown, Washington
- County. Or. Diets, who did the Fhoot
ir.gr. Ftill lies in tl^e Receiving Hospital
end Fmall hopes arc entertained for his
recovery. HIp parents reside in Diesel
. -dorp. Germany, -and are wealthy.
odo the launch towed the barge
over the entire course mapped . out by
Pilot Jordan on ! T*ues<lav. - The fearless
diver walked over ihree-quarters of .a
nille on the bed of tho Golden Gate before
he returned to the surface an4 laughcl
when his helmet waj removed. He ha-i
found a big rock which. Jutted upward for
twenty feet and which Pilot Jordan had
mistaken for the Rio last Tuesday. '
Watanabe was the second man to don
the diver's dress.* He went down in twen
ty-four fathoms of water at a spot one
mile southwest of the red buoy off Fort
Point. He came up after twelve minutes
and reported no sign of the wreck. ;• ,.
The next descent was made by "Wata'n-
In San Francisco for the purpose of mak
ing arrangements for th*» funeral of his
brother, H. Cripps Matheson, a victim of
the Rio de Janeiro disaster, . in. case the
body should be recovered.
Mr. Matheson Is exhausting every
means to find traces of his brother and
he has already discovered some of the
belongrlnKs of the deceased. One of six or
seven trunks which he had on board* the
lost vessel has been discovered and is now
in the possession of the British Consul •
Some papers belonfring to the deceased
have also been found, among them bemif
typewritten letters dated as late as Feb
ruary 11. Mr. Matheson haa reason to
believe that the typewriter which was
found ton the Sausallto shore Friday aft
ernoon and carried off by a fisherman
was the one owned bv his brother.
Mr. Matheson Is registered at the Grand
Hotel, where -he will remain until .- his
brother's body has-been recovered or all
I refused and asked for a trial, which was
refused. I was placed on board the
Pennsylvania and a guard placed over
me.
"Now that I am In America ag^iin and
in a free country I am going on to Min
nesota. I will pee both the Governor and
the Senators of my State ana place my
case before them. I have no money— In
fact, hardly enough to carry me back
East."
W. M. Taylor, chief clerk In the ofHce
of the Captain of the Port at Manila, has
written a lengthy letter to a friend in
this city, explaining the matters leading
up to the cause of Rice's deportation.
Among other things he says:
As you know, one-sixth part of the pilotage
fees collected by the pilots was turned into
this office and by this office deposited with
th« Treasurer of the public funds. This was
done until last September, when It wu or
<J«.red by the military Governor to be discon
tinued. Xo further collections have been
made. The Civil Commission then returned
to the pilots JSGCO (Mexican), which they de
posited In bank for their average and reserve
lund. as provided for by law.
Begins His Attack.
The attack of Rice on this ornce was ma
licious. He had been working In this office,
having come here begging for a Job. He
worked with Harden, ex-hydrographlc expert.
& man who proved himself to be op
posed to the office and every individual mem
ber of it from the time of his arrival until
the date of his departure. While working with
Hayden he tecame imbued with the same
hatred, ill feeling and dislike toward us -which
¦was telt by the former. Finally, finding an
opportunity to connect himself with the Ship
ping Bulletin, he severed his connection with
tUIs office, stating In his letter that his stay
la this office had been both Instructive and
pleasant.
tTpon entering: the editorial chair of the
Bulletin his attacks on the office, or the man
agement of the office and the Captain of the
Port and myself, began. We called him In.
rttemptlng to show him In a pleasant.' decent
way his mistake. He was overbearing, surly
and Insulting and he was forbidden the privi
lege of the office— this with the knowledge
of the office pi the military Governor. For a
while, a short while, we had peace. Then
upon a meeting- of the shipowners called by us
to regulate again the tariff of the pilotage
fees for the ensuing five years— the passing
of these fees and their becoming a law— nevr
zest was given him to attack, claiming dis
crimination and overcharge*, as you will see
by the editorial in the Bulletin.
As you know, pilotage Is floured always. In
fpeaklng of tons, es grofs tons and not as
net tonnage. • Iilee, In his desire to attack
this office, overlooked this fact, and hence his
long tal» of woe The charges collected by
the pilots are In exact conformity with law.
and also In conformity with the custom of
figuring In, vogue during Spanish times. There
has been absolutely no change, except the
charge which took place two years ago when
the rate was doubled. All merchants In Ma
nila, shipowners and consignees were advised
In I83S, when the change was made doubling
these rates. They all signed having received
rotice and raid without murmur until Rice's
agitation.
Ask for Investigation*
On December 14 we asked the military Gov
ernor to Investigate • the charge* brought bv
R!ce and also to investigate Rice. The ln
rr-ector central. Into whose hand* the matter
r.as placeri. . pave Rice a certain number of
days to present his prrtoTe. At the end of
tlie stipulated time Rice was not ready, and
*u stated. He wai asked If he preferred to
put his charges and his proofs in writing, to
which he replied "yes." Jle did »o. being
rlvpn about a month to arrange them In
chape. The lnsp-ctcr general then called upon
thoee parties who had br-en quoted by Rice
ar.d whose names he had used as witnesses
or as proofs of his charges, and the result of
the Investigation was that Rice was ordered
deported for making public, malicious, willful
¦ n<3 sla-nflerous statements and deliberately
lyin*7 aealnst a branch of the Government,
nralnst an office and against an officer of the
Government.
The writer also intimates his belief
that Klce was not prompted BOlelv bv
pure or patriotic motives in making 1 his
attack on the office of the Captain of the
i ort.
GBEAT TBAINED ANIMAL
SHOW AT PAVILION
Crowd of Juvenile Enthusiasts Ap
plaud Marvelous Tricks of Po
nies, Dogs and Monkeys.
Mechanics' Pavilion presented a happy
scene yesterday afternoon when Xorris &
Rowe's great trained animal show gave
its first performance. Half the Juvenile
population of the city packed the big
building and shouted their delight as the
assortment of dogs, horses, monkeys,
zebras and poats went through a mar
velous entertainment.
The show opened with the introduction
of the entire company of animal actors,
led by a big band and escorted by a num
ber of clowns. One of the most interest
)r.g features on the programme was a
military drill executed by twelve beauti
ful Shetland ponies. The little fellows
went through many Intricate maneuvers,
and the youngsters on the 'bleachers
yolled their delight.
The act of Bosco. a bijr monkey, in slid
ing down a fifty-foot wire, came In for
vociferous approval. Some really mar
velous tricks were performed by Jimmy
Rlaine, said to be the best trained pony
in the world.
The programme of more than twenty
five separate features concluded with the
burning of McGlnty's home. which
brought the animal fire department to
the rescue and set the house wild with
Joy. Norris & Rowe's show will remain
at Mechanics' Pavilion sixteen days.
; -Mrs. Tp-'kknourK, who is fifty j^arj of
af, was treated hy Dr. Harcr.dt, who
found hfr Bufferinz from shock, the loss
irif several, tf^th and a severe wound on
the hra<1. - McNally was a.rro?t«Hl and
charped at tli«» t^outhern Station with b«»
ln£ cirur.k. ppndin»r the result of the wid
ow's injuries. He <!id not rscape un
w-sthod from th*; fall, b'ut received a con
tusion ovfr the ripht pye.
TThll*! chasing numerous small boys who
¦n-trf tpasinjr him. Thomas McXally a
Fhoemaker of 54S Rues street, yesterday
ran into and knocked down Mrs. Chris
tina Tockk'nburg. a widow residing at
iriSS^s' Voleom street, severely Injuring her.
McNaliy. was. Intoxicated and was being
made tho butt of numerous pranks by the
boys re?ie!ir.g in his ne-ighhorhood. and the
Srrid^nt occurred whil» h« was making
an effort t-o rapture thr-m.
jmUlTKEN MAN KNOCKS
DOWN AN AGED WIDOW
ThCTnas McUally, : While Chasing 1
Small Boys, Buns Into Mrs.
Teckknbure.
"I replied that I had proof that the Cap
tain of the Port was crooked, that I had
not had a Ecuare deal and that I would
publish the truth every time I had an op
portunity. Colonel Crowder then told me
that ur;<2er the orders. of General MacAr
thur I would be deported. He made over
ture* to me. however., and wanted me to
promise that I ! would not publish any
more roasts of the Captain of the Port
and taid I could then remain in Manila.
Bice Is iFinn.
"On December .13 I published another ar
ticle on the same story, and followed It
the next, day with one In Spanish. I' was
arrested and placed in solitary confine
ment on January 23.; Colonel Crowdcr
visited me In prison and told me that if
I would cult publishing: articles I could
go free.
"On ¦-.'November 13 and 14, in the Bulle
tin, I tiper.ly'.c-iiarjred Captain Brauners
.reufher' with .rriaifc-asahce in office. .The
article '-made' a big- .sensation in Manila,
and I was ; .congratulated by a number of
thf ir. "Tenants -for my. bold stand. I was
Immediately notified that after that date
.1' would p.o VJ anger be allowed to enter the
effice of.ihe.-Cap.taln of the Port and con-
Fo<4uemly wa< not able to secure- any of
the ehlrplr.g news.;.. An .investigation wai
ordered by tleiierai • MacArthur. which
was presided ov^r by Major Mill£. I .was
not allowed lo be present at the Investi
gation nor was I ailowod i<* read the evi
dence cr reports: The investigation fully
exonerated Captain. Brauncrsreuther, and
Colonel C. E: Crowder of the Thirty-ninth
Infantry sent for me.- " He told me tha.t
my charges had r.ot been " substantiated
and that If. I continuhQ publishing these
reports I would be deported from Manila.
"I ihea bought a part Interest In the
chipping .paper known as the Bulletin.
Ecpn after,! took charge of the paper I
was Informed by merchants in Manila
that the . Captain.- of the Port was over
ciarjring them fn pilotage fees. I secured
Information -that .satisfied me that the
Captain of the: Port was overcharging and
that he was putting 1 the excess, which
v as about. 19 per- cer.t, in his pocket. My
me st reliable . informant ¦ was a Spaniard
employed in the office of the Captain of
the Port-, r.amf-d " Bar relp.
Buys Interest in a Paper.
QEORGE T. RICE, a lad of 19.. the
former editor of the Bulletin, a
shipping Journal In Manila, who
was deported on account of cer
tain articles he published in his
raper criticizing the Captain of the Port,
arrived on th© transport Pennsylvania
yesterday. .'.,;} . ' .
Ilice Is only a boy. mild mannered and
about the last person that would be point- j
od out. who. according to tne Government ,
description. Is "a dangerous menace to
the military situation."
Rice was seen and Interviewed the mo
ment he landed on the wharf. Ho talked j
freely about himself and his affairs.
"1 sjn 19 years old and was born at Red j
Win?. Minn.." he said. "I enlisted in the I
Thirteenth Minnesota. Regiment at the j
r>r>-a.king out of the war and went to Ma- i
r.ila. I was honorably discharged there and I
then secured work as a sub-correspond- j
¦ er.t on the ftrlr.g line for- several papers. |
I eventual!}- secured the position as as- j
eistar.t Hydrographer in the ofJice of the !
Captain of the Port. Captain Brauners- i
reuther. who was formerly an officer on !
the Charleston, was at that time and is
n w Captain of the Port. I left my po- j
feitlon in the office of the Captain of the
Port In a peculiar manner. One day when I
I entered the offlce I : r.eglected to say !
'Good morning' to Captain Brauners- j
re-ther. ¦whereupon he called me down
and told me that I had no manners. I re
j'.led that if he did not like my manners ;
he could get somebody else, which he
did. . . . " , .
GEORGE ?. RICE. THE BOY EDITOR OF THE MANILA BULLETIN.
WHO WAS ORDERED DEPORTED FOR PRINTING CHARGES
• AGAINST CAPTAIN OF THE PORT BRAUNERSREfTHER.
abe in sixteen fathoms, half a mile from
the Fort Point barracks. The barge with
the air pumps was allowed to drift out on
the ebb tide until twenty-six fathoms of
water was recorded bv the lead. Thon
a complete circle was described back to
the starting point, the diver being down
for twentv minutes. He described a cir
cle over half a mile In diameter, which
covered the very spot where the RIt
ghould be found if she ran on Fort Point
rocks, as Pilot Jordan claims. Not a trace
of the wreck could be found by tho diver
Takahashi was the third diver to go
below. He went down In seventeen fath
oms near the reef where the Rio is sup
posed to have struck and worked his way
seaward until twentv fathoms • were
reached. In twelve minutes he came to
the surface an eighth of a mile from
where he had descended and again was
the report received of nothing found and
dense water.
Explore Various Spots.
At noon the men took lunch, tha
weather being bright and clear, with a
smooth sea. Takahashl again entered the
water in seventeen fathoms at a spot one
eighth of a mile southwest of the red buoy
off Fort Point. This Is the spot where tne
life-saving crew claimed to have located
the wreck a week ago. The diver's report
after being down twelve minutes and
working his way along 1 the reef showed
that the life-savers wore as much In error
In locating the wrecked Rio as Pilot Jor ;
dan ¦was.
'Again the location was changed, and
Takahashl went down In seventeen fath
oms of water one mile due west of the
Fort Point buoy. After remaining some
time in the strong current ho came, up
and reported nothing in. sight except rocks
and gravel.
White Paint on Anchor.
Yamamoto was the next diver to try and
find the Rio's -.vreck. He was lowered into
the water at a point almost two miles
from Fort Point along Bakers Beach. He
remained below for live minutes and on
coming up reported that the current was
too strong to stand up against. To tho
amazement of tho spectators Yamamoto
asked for a heavy anchor to be tied to his
legs, and with this heavy weight he went
down in the same spot. H» came up In
five minutes and still no trace of the
wreck had been found.
At this spot the heavinsr lead and the
anchor were fouled and It was hoped that
the wreck lay beneath the bobbing launch
and diving barge. When the anchor was
finally released a careful examination
showed tho marks of white paint. Th-j
heavy current sweot the launch and
barge from the snot and it was impossible
to get the diver In exactly the same place
again. After cruising around it was
thought the spot where the anchor caught
had been located and Yamamoto again
went beneath the waters. After eight min
utes he signaled to haul up and he came
to the surface ¦with no news of the sought
for wreck of the Rio.
Sako, the Ufth diver, then relieved
Yamamoto and went down In the swirl
ing tide. He remained for seven min
utes and reported nothing found. The last
descent was made by Sako one-half mile
due southwest from the Fort Point light.
Sako came up In ten .'minutes and report
ed no sign of the wreck. For fully an
hour before the divers suspended opera
tions the tug Alert, with Pilot Jordan and
some of the Pacific Mail Company's offi
cials on board, watched the Japanese at
work.
At 4:30 p. m. the diving party headed
for home.
Was a Rio Victim, Is in Town.
COMES ON A SAD ERRAND.
Fred J. Matheson, Whose Brother
Fred J. Matheson, a Journalist connect
ed with the New, York Herald, has arrived
THE positive location of the wreck
of the steamship Rio de Janeiro
still remains to be determined,
and Pilot Jordan's claim that he
had marked the spot where the
vessel took her fatal plunge was yester
day proved erroneous. Some of the most
experienced Japanese divers on tills coast
yesterday explored the bottom of the bay
where Jordan claimed the wreck was to
be found, and, as was expected, . not tho
slightest trace of the ship was found
there.
At one time during the afternoon a
small anchor fouled, and when It was re
leased it bore traces of \ white paint. This
was at a spot' fully half a mile southwest
of where Jordan had indicated as the lo
cation of the wreck. Owing to the heavy
current it was Impossible to again place
the barge over tne exact spot where the
anchor nad caught.
A ftw days ago the Japanese Diving
Company, tnrougn its local managers,
made an offer to the I'aclrtc Mail Bteam
snip Company to Jlnd the wreck of the
Kio and tne resting spot of her scores of
victims. The offer was declined and tha
task was given to the Whitelaw Wreck
ing Company.
Whitelaw and Pilot Jordan have thus
far failed to locate the wreck, but yester
day Jordan, accompanied by some of the
Pacific Mail orticiais, watched the Japa
nese divers at work and then proceeded
to take soundings near tho spot where
the divers had descended.
• The offer of the Japanese to locate the
wreck was laughed at by many persons,
and faith was put in American divers, but
those who saw the Japanese divers at
work yesterday wero astounded by the
ease with which they went into twenty
five fathoms of water and the length of
time they remained under the surface,
Remarkable Deep-Sea Diving-.
It is no exaggeration to say that more
remarkable exhibitions of deep sea div
ing have never been seen In any part of
the world. The statement that a diver
could not go down beyond twenty fath
oms of water, owing to the great pres
sure, was* controverted yesterday, when
the Japanese divers went down Into
twenty-tive fathoms and remained there
for twenty minutes.
The divers are In the employ of T. Mori
& Co. of San Francisco and Monterey,
and for many months have been engaged
In diving for abalone at Point I>obos,
Carmel 13ay, Monterey County.
The pride which the Japanese have In
their work is shown by the fact that the
men bore the entire expense of coming
to San FYancisco from Monterey, pur
chasing new diving suits and chartering
a launch and barge. While they were not
able yesterday to lind the wreck of the
Rio, they proved conclusively that the
wreck was nowhere near the spot where
Pilot Jordan declared it to be.
Jordan Located a Bock.
What Pilot Jordan declared to be the
wreck, after making soundings, now
turns out to be an uncharted rock which
Juts upward twenty feet from tho bottom
of the Golden Gate.
Yesterday morning the Japanese divers
and assistants to the number of seven
teen started from Broadway wharf for
the Golden Gate. The Hat-bottomed
barge on which they had piled their ap
paratus was towed out by the launch
Jennie C, and a quick run was made to
Fort Point. A large crowd of spectators
watched the work of tha divers from the
Presidio and Bakers Beach, while the po
lice petrol boat and a number of launches
hovered around the barce.
Five divers worked during the entire
day, the men making a number of de
scents. The men who explored the bot
tom of the bay were Yasoflo, Watanabe,
Takahashl. Yamamoto and Sako. Mr.
Kotanl, the manager of the diving com
pany, superintended the work, and th«
officials of the company, together with
A. M. Allen, a wealthy land owner of
Monterey, who is interested in the work
of tho Japanese, lent valuable assistance.
A Japanese doctor and representatives of
The Call were also present.
The first descent was made>by Yasodo
!n thirteen fathoms of water near the
spot where Pilot Jordan declared the
wreck lay. The diver remained down for
three minutes and came to the surface,
reporting nothing found. After a few
minutes' rest Yasodo went down In sev
enteen fathoms of water, but after three
minutes reported nothing In sight. A
third and fourth attempt was made in
sixteen and eighteen fathoms of water
near the buoys placed by the Mall Com
pany as marking the wreck. The third
descent lasted for five minutes and the
fourth one lasted fifteen minutes. The
diver reported on coming up that he
could see no sign of the wreck and that
the water was very dense. He described
the ocean bed as being smooth and con
sisting of pebbles and gravel.
Long- Walk Under Water.
During the last descent made by Yas-
Soldiers Charged With Bobbery.
Alles Mitchell and Preston K. Wilson,
soldiers, were arrested at the Presidio
yesterday and booked at the North. End
station on a charge of robbery. They ara
accused of stealing a watch from W.
Tanbroke, a bartender In Alexander's sa
loon on the corner of Baker and Green
.wlsh, aura**. .. - • -. - .
Mental Science lectures.
Prof. Knox, the well known arid popu
lar lecturer, who has been before the pub
lic for twenty years and Is now at. tho •
head of the Mental Science College At.
Seattle, Wash., begins a series of lectures
on this fascinating subject at Golden Gato
Hall, 625 Sutter street, under the auspices
of the San Francisco Mental . Science
Temple this morning. " " .- • ":
The professor Is a most Interesting
speaker, and those who have the good,
fortune to hear him are tob« congratu
lated. The subjects are well chosen, be-
ing upon themes that possess the most-
Intense interest to every one, for what
he believes and knows to be the truth h.o
teaches with such force and. logic as to
convince the most skeptical.
Among the subjects to be presented will
be: "How. to Cure Poverty,'* "How to>
Educate the Child," "The Mind BuUd3
Both Brain and Body," "How to Make a
Success and Accumulate Wealth." "How
to Heal Disease."
These Sunday lectures are free, so no
one need stay away for lack of means, as
mental science is within the grasp of
every cne and any one.
ture, of tha Rio de Janeiro, which was
washed ashore at Horseshoe Bend two
days. ago. Is being dashed to fragments
by the force of the waves. Everything of
value has been stripped from the wreck
age.' even the doors being carted away.
One door, of the structure had the word
"purser" painted on It and it j Is known
that. the purser had his safe in his room.
When the wreckage came Into sight ft
seemed weighted down as If by a heavy
weight, and before it could be secured it
nad dirf ted away in the current.
When the wreckage was cast on the
shore there was no sign of a safe In tho
purser's room:
Many of the residents of the vicinity of
Sausalito are openly boasting of the valu
ables they have secured from the wreck.
Some of the soldiers on \duty at .Lime
Point are also exhibiting articles of value
which were on the Rio de Janeiro. A
water-color picture of the ship, with a
card- attached, was picked up yesterday
on the beach.
The Bio's Mail.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— The Post
master at San Francisco has advised the
Superintendent of Foreign Malls of the
Postofflce: Department of the amount of
mall saved from the steamer RJo de Ja
neiro, which was wrecked at. the Golden
Gate February 22. There were, It Is
stated, about 6000 letters, of which 44M
were for foreign destinations; two bags
of European registered letters and thirty
three domestic registered letters were res
cued.' Tha amount at mail which the Rio
I. Gushaxn for failure to provide and John
T. Johnson against Annie M. Johnson far
cruelty. ,-;..*•-•
OAKLAND, March 2.— Funeral services
wero neld to-day from ; the Asbury
Eio de Janeiro Victim Buried.
H. Cripps Matheson was a civil engineer
by profession and j had attained marked
prominence' In. tho Far East He was a
member of the firm of John Birch & Co..
London/ England, and for several years
prior to the recent troubles in China he
was extensively engaged in engineering
enterprises In that, country. The first
complete railway built on the island of
Formosa was constructed under his direc
tion. For distinguished services the Gov
ernor of the Island adorned him with ths
order of the Double Dragon, one of the
highest honors ever accorded a foreigner.
The EmDoror of China had also made
him a Mandarin, as a reward for the suc
cessful completion of difficult mining and
railway enterprises'. Mr. Matheson wa3
on his- way to Peking at the time of th»
Boxer uprising, but ¦ was compelled to
remain in ¦ Tientsin, where he rendere-1
excellent service with the volunteers
Since the relief of the legations he: has
been at Yokohama and Kobe. Japan,
where he had been conducting the bust
ness of the firm. When he embarked on
the Rio, de Janeiro Mr.. Matheson was on
his way home to Hendon, England, to m*
his mother, whom he last visited In the
fall of 1S99. He was 43 years of age ar.d
unmarried.
hope of Its recovery Is exhausted. He is
very anxious to meet any. of the butvIv
ors of the wreck who > can ¦ tell -. him any
thing regarding: his- brother, and 1 on ac
count of the aged mother, who resides In
Hendon, England,- he is especially desir
ous to meet any one v/ho may have Been
the deceased during the last moments bo
fore the ill-fated vessel took her fatal
plunge Into the depths.
SCENES .WHEN JAPANESE DIVERS TESTERDAT DESCENDED INTO GREAT DEPTHS OF WATER AT VARIOtTS
PORTIONS OF THE GOLDEN GATE HOPING TO LOCATE WRECK OF THE STEAMSHIP RIO DE JANEIRO.
AND BODIES OF VICTIMS OF THE DISASTER. . -> -
0 »*?*? »»¦?¦?¦ ?#?-»? •? » ?*?*+*?»»*» ©
I Pages 23 to 3t|
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
Nineteen- Year-Old Youth Says He Was
Banished for Criticizing the Cap
tain of the Port.
DEPORTED EDITOR RICE
OF MANILA TELLS WHY
HE HAS BEEN SENT BACK
1 Pages:1Wi2;
? '¦:¦'¦¦¦ :.¦•¦¦-.
Uncharted Rock Found Where Pilot Jordan Claims the Steamship
Foundered===Japanese Remain Long in Deep Water and
Explore Bed of Golden Gate. "."•..VALENTINE MUST PAY FINE.— Judge
Lnwlor yesterday sustained the demurrer to
the appeal of XV. L>. Valentine and three, of
his employers who were convicted and fined
lor running a. "clock Mine" on Ellis street,
and b^nch warrants were lunued for their ar
rest. Valentine and the three others were ar
refted and sent to the County Jail, but were
later released hs* order cf Judge Cook on a
writ of habeas corpus.
Seven furionsn*. e.-lliriK- — Syncopated ' Sandy
won, Sarag&inp second, Curtsey third. Time,
1:15.
Four and a half furlongs, selllnR— MIbs Char
lie won, Marie Bell Becond, Equalize third.
Time. l:0L. . V .
8teeplecha*e, sbort course — Dick Furbcr won,
Don Oarcnclo second, Terry Ranger ; third.
Time, 3:27.
Oakland handicap, mile and a quarter, value
U0W— Intrusive won. Monk Wayman second.
Hoods Brigade third. Time. 2:17>4-
Or.e mile, selling— Petit Maitre won. Lady
Curaon Bccond, Henry of Franlsarnar third.
Time, 1:49. - -
Six furlongs, selling — Kiss Quick .won, . Fluk*
second. Iris third. Time, 1:10. •
One mile, selling— Made Maree won. King
Elk wood second, Annowan third. Time, 1:49.
NEW ORLEANS, March 2.— Weather fine;
track heavy. Results:
Kesults at New Orleans.
MAUVlSf FOIiT* RZLEAPED.-Man-b Ford,
the shoe drummer. »-ho was held to answer
before the Hui>erior Court by Judge Conlan
Friday on a charge of rebbery for stealing..-*
rack <:ontaininir S216 in silver from Lee Leoni?
February 16,. was released from custody yee
terday ' aftfmocn. his father-in-law. Patrick
O'Connor, having der>os:ted *10«W cash bail
Tilth Warrant C1<?rk I'eery.
SOO1. SIXTH HACK— Six rnrlonR*: handicap;
threp-yrar^oMs and up; r 1 "'"'"'. W®
livifx. Hefse. Wt, Jockf-y. Ft. H- Str. Fin.
aMAXeetuuna 5, lie.Hu'.lmn 1 1 n 11 12
• 3SS7 Wt-iihoff. S. S6. ..Ranscb 4 3S 2 1 2 2
|9a I»oubleu 4, P7 Mathws 2 2 2 3 H 3 1
:?."7 M. pavis. B. tOCUosaca 3 4 n 4 5 4 6
C?T3)I>anifl. 4, SO...Henr.PSsy 5 5 1 5 1 5 1
(iv:e. i Socialist. 6, l&e. ..Golden 6 6 6 6
Time _i4. :25; H. :4S^i: »4. 1:14. Winner,
Caf-Fai* Younjr's ch. h. by Imp. Golden Garter-
Feilalma. Winner was an hour and thirty rec
ords the best..' Doublet tossed .it up. Maggie
T>avlF hadly ridden. Socialist never in It.
Foratchrd-^ierid 108.
Batting— Mwfcarus. - 2-5; Dolly "Weithoft. 6-
Doublet {•; Map»rie Davis, 5; Daniel, coupled
with Ue&l&os; Socialist, 30.
2<M>O. FIFTH RACE— Four and a half fur
longc; two-year-olds; r^rw. $4O.
Ir.drx. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
IS.%4 Oorrie-an. US Pullman 3 2 h 1 h 12
<l!>^»r>r. Scharff. l:?. .Mounce 1 3 2 3 3 2 »4
nstlxrawebev-.US Kuiz 4 4-4 32
(1<-62)H »st»-ar. 115 ....Sbltlds 2 11 11 4
Tjm^—j^.e, ;3©u; 9-16. :S5^t Good start. Won
?ayi'.y. riecond "and third driving. Winner.
Felix Carr'B br. c. by imp. SaJn-Ada Reese.
Corrigan fre^h and fast. Dr. Scharff under
wraps to the Ftretch. BoMWar gave it up.
Rmiwr— Cnrfigan. l!-i; Dr. Echarff, S; Lou
welsoa. 7: Rosewar, S-2.
IJKK*. ' FOrRTir RACE— Seven furlongs; sell
ing; four-year-olds; purfp, $359.
Index.' Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. *4- Str. Fin.
: r -4'< Benedict. 4, lOI.Mathws.l E 5 1 1 12
:?:« O ga^hem, «. lKt.Bullm 2 !« 2 H 2 1
:i*4 Roiiifk. 3. 96 Baoicn 4 3 <; a io 3 15
1S6I Ptmmo. . .'. 110..Fauntlry 3 5 3 4 5 4 4
1S.W J. MrOleevy. 3. 113. Hall 6 € 6 5 2
ISO Sprung; 4, IT. Horre'.l S 4 4 5 10 6
Time— »». :U: %. :37%i: *>•. 1:03: %. l:JXV4-
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
firivtnc Winner, B, W. Street?* br. g. by Fa
vprdalo-PTTM't Home. Tho Benedict turned a
twii=t*r ani la;i<led on top. He is a clever
aorr.bat Rollick poorly handled. Sachetn ran
a han^y race with the weight up. Scratched—
Mlttrn 113.
Ifc-ttlnp— The. -Benedict, 9-2; Grand Sachem.
% P.o'.lick, 2-J; Stromo, 4ff; J. McCl«v. CO;
Sprung. 68. ..
IW*. THIRD EAC?:- Futurity course; four
yrar-oMs and up: rurte, $330.
index. Horf*. "Wt. Jockey. St. »4. *£. Fin.
U7« M-irinpa. 6. 110..Bu!lnian 12 1 6 J i 1 2
lHt-M.v1-n.enn. 5. JOS.. .Kelly G 3h 4h 21 •
Ifc*4 MoAlhort. «. 117.. Woods S 54 31 3 2
OSSDHIlary, 4, . 1^7..Fauntlry 2 .-7 1 7 2 4 3
ISUSTizotia. 4. 107 HialrS SI $3 5 2
.. L. NVwinn. 4. LOLHoweU 5 13 In «1
l<-42 I? Monde. 6. 110...Fokp4 S3 SI 7 1
l«C»'F.-'Pass. 4. 105..Kh^ehanI« 12 12 R 4
;¦*!<¦. N. Ive*. n lK...Mnur.Of : 6H U 9 1
IMS First Call. 6. U0..Mfany!2 M 1 1" 1 10 4
:?".'' K. Tal. 4; 107...Rar.fh 9 4 1 2 h 11 *
¦::•'.-; m. r;asl<\ .4. l<i7.Math\rsll 11 2 312 32
T.-ne-Ti- U. :23Vs: to > I# :«U; last *i. 1:02:
*hort *«. 1:1". ¦ fiorxl start. Woo mrfly. Sec
ond and third drivir.K. Winner, T. Caw's b.
c. by i^brar.tp-Lonia. ConsS<1cTaM<> <May at
«O«t. M^rinra best and well ridden. MrAl
fwrt a hit. short. Tizona. away poorly. Nora
Xnea .had -.worked welL King's Pal quit.
Pfratohed— Ivlla Cor.nors l"j. Ppike 107.
Bettlrp— ilortr.pa, 8-3; Modwena, S; M^AIbert.
S* Hilary. Ifc Tiznns, 7; Lady Newinn, 12;
IV>au Mind<\ I": Frr** Pass. 40: Nora Ives. S:
First Call. .1.": Kind's Pal. 23; Jtfont Eagle, 12.
J»O7. PE<X>NT> RACK— Six furlong*; three
joar-olds; rur!*, $4'*).
IrKJpx. Hw*. Wt. Jockey. St. »4. Str. Fin.
2»'~* El Tcplo. 117 Kelly 1 .2 1 IT In
:-S>7.". t^t. Rica. 114 Kuiz 4 4 1 5 20 2 h
:>"•' Marcy, 114 Matthews 5 5 3 4 1 3 Vj
1V72 Hilly Lyons, 114..Mcunce 6 6 S 'i 4 6
ir*T2 Eldred. 107 Weir 3 3h 2 1 5 40
<1024)Tri5train. 117 ....Ho-well 2 1 1 C 6
Tim*" — **. :23: >j. :S0: H. 1:16. Good start.
Won first thre«? driving. Winner, I'nWe &
Co.'s ch. c. by. Em;x?ror of Norfo'.k-Arapahoe.
Tnpirt had ckar sailing and was lodcy. Had
not i=t. lUca bten out off thr*-o or Jour time*
making the far turn, he would have von eas
ily. Hilly Lyons ran a nice race. Tristrain
turned -one of hi? plates.
IMtir.jr-El Topio, S: St. Rica. 1-2; Marcy,
10: Billy Lyons. 30; Eldred. SO; Tristrain, 6.
OAKLAND BACETILACK-Saturday,
March 2, .1501.— Weather fine. Track
fest.
IDiKJ. FIRST RACE-Flve furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse,- 5330.
Indox. Horse. Wt. Jockcv. St., H- Str. Fin.
ifAo Xullah, 4. li>2 Mounce Sin 12 ii
Jt72 G. Raron, 5, 105 Math «s 2 3 2 2 2 2 1
1S< 73 Summer. 4, lCl.Fauntlry 7 6 2 4 1 3 1
1SZ7 Aluminum, 6, ir»..Ba-gr 1 * \i 3 1 4h
1925 1 U't Know. a. ICC.Ke'.ly 4 5 ' t 6 »4 54
1S76 B. Fher>r*r;i. 4/ SS.Iirodn « T 5 5 1 C 6
U. Loary, a. lOC.Oolden 5 2 1 7 5 7 10
3ST6 0. • Hose, 4. 104. Mars ha 11 8 S 8 8
Time— 5 *, '.lr-i: J i: :23"i; 'i. 1:01%. Good
start. Won cJ*verty. S«-cond and third driv
ing. Winner. Hughes & Elliott's b. m. by
lm;>. Aintree-I^aJy AupruFta. Winner blew i:i
vlth the brine, for Ehe was pounds the best.
paron ran. to .form. Others a trashy lot.
Scratched— Xewsjratherer 105. Judge Shrop
shire 103. Kalos 101-
Botttng— Nullah. 7-10; Gold Baron, 6; Sum
mer. W: Aluminum. 4: I Don't Know, 12; B.
Fheppfrd, 40; lied Leary. CO; Cbamplon Uose.
200. • ' ¦ :"'¦.'¦'
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Henry piloted Owensboro under the wire
ahead of the pack in- the seven-furlong
race for three-year-olds and over. St.
Cuthbert with Thorpe up was favorite
and looked the winner until the stretch
was reached, when the struggle with Our
Lizzie ended and Owensboro came up
Ftrong and sure. O'Connor on Limelight,
25 to 1, was forgotten for the moment, but
when the judges began working they
found Limelight flashing a good second
under the wire.
The last race took the crowd up Jn the
air and every one yelled as the four
horses In the race came down the stretch
abreast. Vohicer. a consistent winner. of
late, ridden by Murphy, poked his nose
out at the wire and thus beat Edinbor
ough, the favorite, who was a neck ahead
of The Phoenician, the 4 to 1 good thing,
that got the show.
at 15 to 1.
lected.
This happened also: Tod Bloan. mount
ed on Joe Frey, won the Farallon
stakes, $200") added, the first b'.g event
and the second winning that has
came his .way/ since he began riding at
Tanforan this v/inter. When Sloan out
distanced Articulate in the stretch the
crowd showed just how they had backed
the favorite and how popular Sloan is.
Articulate, with O'Connor up. gave the
best performance he was capable of, lead
ing all the way until the last turn was
rounded, when Joe Frey came from be
hind and won out. bloan rode his horse
in brilliant fashion, passing Canmore,
Telamon and finally Articulate, thus cap
turing the stake and victory.
The second event in importance was the
two-mile race, which Barrack won'hand
ily, although Topmast, if O'Connor, had
not kept so far in the rear of his affec
tions for an early lead, might have taken
first money. Lamachus, the longest price
of them all, took a good lead at the end
of the first mile and a half, but lost to
lJarrack and Topmast when the grind
came. Tho pace was fast and when all
was over it was discovered that the two
mile record on the Tanforan track was
broken. Instead of 3:.V»U it is now 3:29.
The steeplecnase, the. closest ever seen
at Tanforan, was won by Periwig, 10 to
1. All the jumpers entered with the ex
ception of Gilberto and Sylvan Lass know
how to rise to the green and to clear the
water obstacle. The finish was close,
fought out between Periwig, May Boy and
Pallucas, Periwig now holds the Tanfo
ran steeplechase record, which Is 3:52 In
stead of 4:02.
Raveling won the first race by the splen
did work of Dominick, who picked his
way through the field and came home
from. third with such speed that Skip Me
with Henry up and Andrattus with Sloan
in the saddle were left to fight it out for
the place. By fierce driving Henfy saved
the second money. Skip Me was slated
AX exceptionally good card, a big
crowd that filled the stand and
jostled in the ring, and racing
that was far and away above the
samples heretofore given at Tan
foran were the offerings at the San Mateo
track yesterday. In two races track rec-'
ords were broken, the two-mile event and
the steeplechase marks being shattered
in each instance. And to cap the climax
the last race of the, day, a four-cornered
affair, was so close as to call for the fin?
discriminating eyes of the , judges before
the winner, second and third could be se-
AT TANFORAN TRACK
By Louis Honig.
THE card at Oakland yesterday
was not a bit "classy ,*' still it at
tracted the usual Saturday con
tingent, and withal furnished
some clever sport. "While three
favorites eloped with purses, three other
ones met with disaster and the books
broke about even with the talent. Again
Johnny Bullman, undoubtedly the most
consistent rider in this country, met with
marked success, placing three horses over
the line In front. Bullman is honest and
conscientious and deserves the well
earned applause he Is the recipient of.
By long, odds the most impressive win
of the matinee was that of Barney
Schreiber's brown imp. Sain colt, Cor
rJsan. In every way a better actor and
more even tempered than his arropant
namesake, the two-year-old took the first
four tmd a half furlong spin of the sea
son like a good one. Picking up Bullman
and ]1S pounds, he raced the favorite,
Rosewar, to a. stands: ill. and then won
under closely reefed sails from Dr.
Scharff in :55V*. Kosewar found the game
fo warm thai she retired altogether the
last eighth, llnishing- last of the quaitet
starting.
In his vastly Improved form, Meehanus,
with only 110 pounds on his back, was
held altogether too cheap by Mr. Brooks
In the six-furlong handicap. He was fa
vorite coupled with Daniel at odtis of 2
to 5, and leadir.fr from the start, finished
nvu lengths In advance of Dollie "Wcitl.off
at the wire, in 1:14. Doublet, the entry of
*T>oc" Sireett, took the show from Mag
pie Davis, none too well ridden by
Monnce,
After meeting with misfortune in two
or three previous races. Nullah, the fast
breaking mare owned by Hughes & El
liott, finally fell Into a soft- spot. She went
to the post a 7 to 10 choice for the Intro
ductory overture at fiva furlongs, winning
in a walk. Gold Baron, the contender
throughout, downed Summer a length for
the place.
A wholesale dump was made by t!»^
smart sot over the defeat of St. Rica for
the six-furlong event following. The St.
Andrew three-year-old did look a wic
ninsr candidate, and the 3 to 5 chalked
against him lasted for only a minute.
Ruiz had the leg up, and getting into all
sons of difficulties on the far turn, got up
in time to be hoaten a hf>ad by El Topio,
nicely ridden by F. Kelly. Only a head
further away Marcy finished third.
ritarter Jakp Holtman had twelve at the
post in the third number, a sprint over the
Futurity course, and they gave him a deal
of trouble. Morinpa, piloted by Bullman,
or-rtainly -looked the best, and the gelding
with the corkscrew less won at the clo<=e
frnm Modwena with something to spare.
J. T. Woods got home third on McAlbcrt,
a 30 to 1 shot. Lady Newinn, a beginner,
I displayed considerable speed and later on
may do.
A few days back The Benedict was
beaten in a race when ruling a 2 to 5
chance. There was an excuse for the hap
pening, however, as the track was heavy
and Dominick could not keep the gelding
awav from the rail, where the going waa
deepest. In the fourth chapter, a seven
furlong run, decided under selling condi
tions, the odds against "Doc" Streetfs
horse fell from ft to 4»£, and he made no
mistakes. K. Matthews soon had him In
the lead, and stalling off the well-meant
challenge of Bullman, on Grand Sachem,
got over the mark first by a couple of
lengths. Ranseh rode a speckled race
astride Rollick, the favorite, finishing
third.
AT OAKLAND TRACK
By F. E. Mulholland.
Barney Schreiber's Two=Year=Old Corrigan 5cores in
Impressive Style at Oakland Track.
TOD SLOAN ON JOE FREY
WINS FARALLON STAKES
Lowell High School Loses.
SANTA' ROSA, March 2.— The baseball
game here to-day between tho l-iowell
High School and th*» local High ' School
boy 9 was won by the home team after,
a spirited contest The score was 7 to <L .
Earned runs — San Diego 4, Ran Bernardino 4.
Double plays— Dunleavy to Kelly to Bevllle;
Kelly to Hutchlnson to Bevilln: McCarthy to
Kelly to Bevllle: Taylor to Work*. Throe
base hits — Brockhoff, Bowman. Two-basn hits
— Donltn. Drennan. Sacrifice hits— Brockhoff,
Hutchinson. Dunleavy. Struck out— By Don-
Un 3, by Taylor 2. by McCarthy 3. Banes on
balls— Oft Donlin 1, oft McCarthy 6. Hit by
pitcher— Bowman 2, Works. Wild pitch— Mc-
Carthy. Passed ,ball— Mangerina. Left on
bases— San Diego 6, San Bernardino 4. Time
Of game— 1:45. Umpires— Works and .Williams.
LOS ANGELES. March 2.~By superior
all-round playing Maier & Zobelein won
to-day's game from the Levys by a score
of 5 to 1. Decker of the Levys was se
verely injured in a collision with Leland
at first bare. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Levys 1 6 5
MaW & Zobeleltl.. 5 7 0
Batteries— Hartwell and - Lohman: Salisbury
and Adams. Umplre^ — Early.
Totals ...'....• 33 6 11 0 27 21 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Diego .2,4 0 0 0 0 0 2 0—8
San Bernardino 0 0 0 113 0 0 0—3
AB. R. BH. SD. PO. A. E
Brockhoff, If 3 2 2 0 2 0 0
McCarthy, p. ....... 4 1 2 0 0 4 0
Hutchlnson, lb 8 11 0/4 4 0
Dunleavy. 4b.'. 3 0 1 0 1 4 1
Kelley, 8. a 4 0 0 0 3 7 0
Maniterina., o 4 11 0 1 0 0
Revllle, lb 4 0 2 ' 0 12 0 0
Halloway, cf 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Jones, r, f 4 0 1 0 .4 2 1
Totals ....?* 8 12 5 27 10 3
SAN BERNARDINO.
AD. K. BH. SB. rO. A." E
Devereiux, lb, p, rf 5 ¦ 0 0 0 4 3 0
Donlin, p, lb & rf.. 5 2 4 1 9 1 0
Kiran, s. s 3 2 0 10 0 0
Drennan, cf 6 1 2 1 l . 1. ;o
Arellancs, 2b 5 0 1 0 4' 5 1
Bowman, If 2 11110 0
Klauber, 2b 3 1 0 1 o 1 l
Works, c 6 12 0 6 2 0
Taylor, rf, lb & p... 3 0 2 0 2 2 1
SAN. DIEGO.
SAN DIEGO, March 2.-Tho San Diego
team put a cinch on the pennant of the
Southern California I^ea&ue to-day by de
feating the San Bernardino team for a
third time in this series. The score was
8 to 5, and tho visitors were only one©
within reach of a winning:. Mike Donlin
waa on the slab for the home team at tha
beginning of the game and ¦was in his old
form for just a little while. He got tho
first two men on strikes and two more In
the second inning, but in that he injured
his arm at the elbow and retired to make
¦way for Devereaux, who pitched for five
innings. Then, at a general demand from
the well filled grand stand, "Dummy"
Taylor was put in to give, the people a
chance to see their favorite in the box.
Joe McCarthy officiated for the visitors
and showed that he had not lost his cun
ning. The game was short and snappy
enough to suit any crank. The thre'e
doubie plays by the San Bernardino3
were particularly good, and the only
Kelly was In them all. Taylor's beautiful
throw from deep right to the home plate,
shutting cut a run and completing a
double, was also a feature. The score
iollows;
From San Bernardino.
San I>ieg*> Takes the Third Garno
CINCHES THE PENNANT.
HOT SPitlKGS. Ark., March 2.— John
W. Schorr is $12,000 ahead of the racing
game te-nlRht as the result of. Joe Frey
comintf home two lengths to the good in
the Farralone rtnkes at Tanforan. While
Joe Frey was nt 3 to 1 here one club took
$1000, another ?700 and another $500 each
way frnn his commissioner, and when
the price was cut they still took the
money.
Schorr Makes a Clean-Up.
SAN JOSE, March 2.— The Santa Clara
County Fish and Game Protective Asso
ciation has elected the following officers
for the ensuing year: President, Dr. A.
M. Barker; vice president. Homer Prin
dlc secretary, D. J. Prindivllle; treas
urer, Harry Doble; prosecuting board-
George H. "Anderson, S. G. Tompkins, F.
B. Urockhage., C. M. Wooster and P. F.
Oosbey; prosfecuting attorney, L. B.
Archer.
Reports were presented at the annual
meeting laat night that showed the asso
ciation to be In a prosperous condition.
Game Warden Foster, who was appointed
by the Supervisors at the instance of the
association, .began his duties yesterday.
Names New Officers.
Santa Clara County Association
PKOTZCTION TOR GAME.
EERKELEY, March 2.— The first Aca
demic Athletic League baseball game of
the season was played to-da".- at Golden
Gate between nines from the Berkeley
High School and Alameda High School.
The Berkeley team won by a score of
18 to 7.<
Berkeley High School Wins.
1900 Census Edition,
Is offered as a premium to all
Call readers. Several sample
atlases are on exhibition at the
business office of this paper
and all persons desiring a first
class atlas are invited to call
and inspect this splendid book
of reference.
CRAM'S ATLAS OF THE
WORLD.
Length on water line, 243 feet; breadth, fx
treme, 23 feet; denth, molded. 14 feet 3
Inches; <llsplat.-*Ti)«>nt. 420 tons; Indicated horse
power. 8000; apved. 29 knots: two 3-lneh rapid
fire guns, five 6-pounder guns, two lS-inch tor
pedo tubes.
frigate CoBstltution In command of the
expedition .against the Barbary . States.
He compelled the Sultan of Morocco to
accede to the demands of the United
States, and in 1N>4 attacked Tripoli with
so much energy and success that the Dey
sued for j>ence and signed a treaty In
which he renounced all demands for
tribute and liberated the captives held by
hlrn. Preble was relieved by Commodore
Harron, and upon his return to the
United States was fjiven a vote of thanks
by Congress. He died in 1S07.
Following are the dimensions of the
Preble. which Is a similar boat to the
torpedo destroyers Paul Jones and the
Perry:
TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER
PREBLE AND THE GIRL WHO
CHRISTENED IT.
100-yard dash— Won by Ia Valliere, Junior;
Wllcox, middler, second; Taylor, Junior, third.
Time, :10 4-5.
220-yard da^h— "Won by Wllcox, middler; Nor
ton, senior. Beoond; Whitman, senior, third.
Time, :23 4-3. '
'440- yard dash — Won by Howard, senior; Nor
ttn. senior, second; Sherman, Junior, third.
Tltne, :55 1-5.
8S0-yard run— Won by La Valliere,' Junior;
Norton, senior.', second; dough, ¦ senior, third.
Time, 2:28.
lille run— Won byWestdahl. senior: dough,
senior, second; Woods, senior, third. ¦ Time,
4:57 3-5.
Two-mile run— Won by Lundy, middler; Sul
livan, middler, second; Redflcld, middler, third.
Time, 11:47%. .
120- yard hurdles— Won " by Thayer, middler;
Burpee, Junior, second. Time, :26.
220- yard hurdles— Won by Hughes, Junior;
Whitman, Junior, second; Marks, ssnlor. third.
Broad Jump — Won by Hughes, Junior; dis
tance. 19 feet S'/j inches; Thayer, middler. sec
ond; Cocgan. middler, third.
Twclvo-pourd nhot-put— Won by Hind*, mld
cMer: dlstahce, 42 feet 3 Inches; Conners, Junior,
second; Howard, senior, third.
Pole vault— Won' by Burpee, Junior; height,
? feet '10 inches; Hughes, Junior, second; La
Vslllere. Junior, third.
HtEh Jumy— Won by Cojran, middler; height,
5 feet 3 lnchea; Thnyer, middler, aecond; Gold
smith, senior, third.
Twelve-pound hammer, throw— Wen by Wil
liams. Junior; distance. 124 feet; Hlnes, mid
dler, j second ; Conner*. Junior, third.
, F. W. Koch was Judge of the events.
BERKELEY, March 2.— The semiannual
Interclass field day of the Oakland High
School was hold this afternoon on the
university cinder path. No records, were
broken or approached very closely, Tho
classes scored as follows: Junior, 52;
middle. 45; senior. 25.
The events held were as follows: ;
Fltty-ynrd dash— Won by Whitman, senior;
Hushes, Junior, second; Gait, senior, third.
Time. :P6 1-5. . ... .
Oakland High School Holds
Regular Interclass
Field Day.
On Tuesday morning Willie Smith will
play the best ball of John Lawaon and P..
D. Adamson on th;» Presidio links, while
David Bell will play the beat ball of U.
B. Goodwin and J. "\V. Byrne. Similar
matches will be arranged for Wednesday
morning. On Tuesday and Wednesday
afternoons the professional tournament
over thirty-six holea will be played, $100
in prize money befns offerod, to be award
ed as follows: To first man, $50; to
second, $30; to third, 120.
JUNIORS DEFEAT
UPPER CUSSES
The first eight of the above will enter
the opening round o£ the competition at
match play.
S. L. Abbot Jr.. 101: II. C. Golcher, 102; Cap
tain D. J. RumbauRh. 1C3; W. H. la Boytraux.
106; H. C Breeden. 1C8: J. XV. Byrne. 112; Hugh
Tevls, 112; Charles Pose, 119: A. S. L. Holt,
122; L. F. Monteasle, no returns.
Totals l
On the Presidio links yesterday aftrr
noon the qualifying round of the fourth
competition for the Council's cup was
play«-d. ton men contesting. The follow
ing are the scores mr.de over two rounds:
To-day Bell, Smith, Johnstone and Riley
will go down to Burllngame, where they
will practice over the links of the Country
Club. On Monday there will be a profes
sional tournament, probably over thirty
six holes, eighteen of which will be played
In the morning and eighteen in the after
noon. So far as can be. seen, at present
it Is not likely that the Rawlins brothers
will go down to Burllngame.
Yesterday morning a team of seven
ladies of the San Francisco Golf Club
went over to Oakland, where they played
an elghteen-hole match against a team of
eight Oakland ladies. The San Francisco
team was a weak one, Mrs. R. Oilman
Brown, Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss Alice
flager and Miss Maud MulUns. the four
strongest lady golfera of San Francisco,
being conspicuous, by their absence. The
visitors wer« completely snowed under,
only one. Miss Florence Ives, scoring
against her opponent. As the San Fran
cisco team was one short two holes were
given on this account to the Oaklanders.
but they mattered little, as the home team
won — 44 up. The results are shown in the
table: I
OAKLAND. Up.
Mm. H. IL Sherwood 4
Mrs. W. P. Johnson 3
Miss 'lice Hooper 10 :
Mrs. I-e G. C. Tlbbetts ." 7
Mrs. F. MnKce 7
Miss A. Knowles 0
Mrs. P. E. Bowles 12
MIfb M Ucauu 2
Total : 43
SAN FRANCISCO. Up.
Miss Mary Scott ». 0
Miss M. B. Hounhton 0
Mis* Sarah Drum 0
Mips Caro Crockett 0
Miss 31. O'Connor 0
MIrs Florence Ives l
Miss Morgan 0
Absent 0
Named After the Commodore.
The torpedo-boat destroyer was named
after Commodore Edward Preble, who
was born in Portland, Me. He entered the
American navy in 177S; was taken pris
oner in 1779, but was released in time to
render valuable aid against England in
tho Wlnthrop. In 1803 he was sent In the
Miss Preble was presented with a hand
some souvenir of the occasion. It was a
beautifully painted oaken plaque, cov
ered with poppies and a photograph of
the recipient in one corner.
Miss Preble graduated from the Berke
ley High School in the class of 1S9S. She
Is at present a freshman in the University
of California. She is the eldest daughter
of C. S. Preble of 1534 Arch street, North
Berkeley, who Is engaged in the, lumber
business. . •
Miss Preble, stunningly gowned, stood,
on the platform awaiting the signal. She
made a pretty picture as she stood poised
to shatter the bottle of wine against the
side of the torpedo-boat. As the-.boat be
gan to slide down the ways she gave the
bottle a determined fling and the Impact,
caused the spaikling liquid to spatter In
every direction. Simultaneously with this
action Miss Preble made her little speech
and then turned to receive the congratu
lations of her friends.
J. O'B. Gunn, a director of the Union
Iron Works, had charge. of the launching.
James Dickie and John Scott superin
tended matters, and it was due to their
presence that not a mishap marred the
ceremony. On the platform were Miss
Ethel Preble, Miss Florence Preble, C. S.
Preble, Miss Hazel Preble, Miss Annie
Preble, W. J. Trott, C. Retsloff. C.
Bailey. Mr. and Mrs. 12 Philip Bolander,
Miss Maud llogue. Miss Mary? Johnson,
Mrs. A. Lewis, Mrs. Dr. Edwards, Ray
Carter and Dr. and Mrs. Turnbull.
Makes a Pretty Picture.
- The launching of the destroyer was a
perfect success, and the live hundred in
yited guests who watched the boat re
ceive the baptism could not restrain their
bursts of admiration. Tooting whistles
and loud hurrahs made a. fitting accom
paniment to the launching. There was
not a hitch in the programme. The ves
sel started down the ways on the minute
and a few seconds later rode peacefully
on the still waters surrounding the great
shipyard.
The ceremony* was set for 9:20 a. m.,
and when the guests began to arrive
everything was in readiness. A few min
utes before the time set for the launch
ing tho workmen dislodged the blocks on
which the keel rested and painters quick
ly touched up the spots thus exposed.
1 CHRISTEN thee Preble. May she
destroy as he destroyed at Tripoli
for the cause of peace." "With
these words Miss Ethel Leila
Preble, , a descendant of tho distin
guished naval officer, broke a bottle of
champagne against the prow of the tor
pedo-boat destroyer as the latest addition.
to Uncle Sam's navy glided gracefully
down the ways at tho Union Ironworks
into the sun-kissed waters of the bay.
ini>5. SIXTH RACE- Six furlong; selllngr;
four-year-olds and up; puree, $4M).
Indox, Hnr«e. Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Etr. Fin.
<lSC;)Vchlcer. 4. 108. ..Murphy 3 3 1 4 1 na
U97(O Kdinbor'gh, 4. 108. Burns 2 11 1 h 2 >.»
1SF2 l'hoenlssa, 4, 10*.. Henry 4 4 3 'j 3 \'j
(lV35)High Hoe, 6, 100. Frawley 12 1 2 1 4
Time-U. :W<\ H. :47»i; %. 1:13V 4 . Good
ftart. Won first three driving. Winner. J.
K. l'atton's b. h. by Imp. St. Georse-Fanfare.
Vohlcer ran a swell race. He wns pinched v a
cvuple of times In the stretch, Phoenlssa ran
her race. High Hoe could have won with a
better Jockey. Scratched— Novia 106,»Goal Run
r.er 108. The Slnper 105.
Btttlne — Vohlcer. 4; Edinborough, 1; Phoe
nissa. 16-5; High Hoe. 7. .
Time— H. :*2%: mile, l:44Vi: IVim, 2:11%:
lHm. 2:37: l%m. 3:03Vi: 2m, 3:2<>. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, D. H.
Barnes' b. h. by Bersan-Fable. Barrack got
a well-judged ride and was best. Topmast
ran to form. Lamachus made a good showing.
Locochee moved up last round, but quit again.
The Bobby used too much first mile. Scrntcheil
— Florizar 107, Norford 93, La Borgia 90. Ad
vance Guard 117.
Betting— Barrack. 11-5; Topmait, 5-2; La
machus. 10; Locochee, 12; The Bobby, 2.
1OO4. FIFTH nACD-Two mlle«; Brighton
¦ Beach Handicap; four-year-olds and up; purse,
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. 1V4. Str. Fin.
1!>33 Barrack. 4. 106 Henry 5 3 1 1 H 1 1
lasfl Topmast, a, 105.0'Oonnr 3 C 3 3 2 n
l?<rr Lamaehus, 4, ?0.. Walsh 4 11 2 1 3 4
1943 Locochee. 5, 09 See 2 4 H 4 12 4 12
(ljCejThe Bobby. 4, lOO.Domnk 1 2 H 5 5
Betting— Joe Frey, 11-5; Articulate, 4; Can
more. 7-2; Telamon. 7-2; Brutal, 10; Beau Or
monde, 30; Janice, 10.
1003. FOURTH RACE— Mile and an eighth;
Farallon Stakes; three- year-olds; value, $2400.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. U. Str. Fin.
1W Joe Frey, 112. ..T. Sloan 2 5 1 2 1 12
UOS Articulate. 112.. O'Connor 3 11 1 4 2 n
1903 Canmore, 112.. T. Burns 5 4 *4 3 H 3 1
(1309)Telamon. 112 Henry 6 3 2 4 4 4 4
1900 Bru fal. 109 Thorpe 4 2 h 5 6 5 6
lf.34 Beau Ormonde, 112. Daly 17 6 2 6 2
1956 Janice. 107 Dominick 7 6 U ' 1
Time-%. :12H; K. :24U: 94, 1:01^4: %. 1:l4Vi:
mile. l:40?i; lHm, 1:58%. Good start. Won
handily. Second and third driving. Winner.
J. F. Schorr's b. c. by Belvldere-imp. Lady
Hawkstone. Joe Frey best and was well rid
dtn. Articulate ran his race. Beau Ormonde
plenty of early ••peed, but quit badly. Tela
non's rac* a disappointment. Brutal made
up a little ground In the last quarter.
Scratched— Rolling Boer 112.
1U'J£. THIRD RACE-Steeplechase handicap;
short] course; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$150.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. WJ. LJ. Fin.
CU20>PcrtwlR, a, 133. Worthtn 3 2 5 11 12
1P44 May Boy, 6, 135... Lloyd 2 4 10 2 2 "2h
IMS Fa!!ucps. 5, 127.... Cairns 1 5 12 4 2 3 1
(l*34)Olinthus, 5. 132..Hueston 8 3 3 3 4 4 12
1S12 I>1 Chstf" d, a. 135.Brodie 7 1 h 5 ' 6 25
Via Jlestor. a. 13S.G. AVilson 9 S 6 6 10
1?4* The Cal'frn, 4. IIO.-Robs 6 7 1 7 7 3
1^4 Veragua, a, 136..Lenhart 5 6 4 8 S
1M4 Gllberto, 6, 12S Evans 4 Ran out ...
1SS7 Syl. Lisa, 5, 127.McKennlO Pulled up ... "
Tlmp— 3:52. Good Start. Won first three
driving:. Winner. A. Stamboul's b. g. by Ar
pyle-P«>ri. Periwig best. Pallucaa closed well.
Chesterfield stopped badly. Olinthus will im
prove. Scratched— Mad Anthony 120.
Bettlne— Periwig, 10; May Boy. 8; Pallucas,
4: Olinthus. 3; Lord Chesterfield. 2; M«stor,
15; The Callfornian, 100; Veragruft, coupled
with Olinthus; Gilberto, 60; Sylvan Lass, ICO.
Betting— Owensboro, 8-5; Limelight, 25; St.
Cuthhert, 2; Our Lizzie, 16-6; Illllouon, 60;
irweet Caroral, 10.
Tlmc-\J, :23; %. :4S»i: %. 1:O1VS; %. 1:27%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, S. C. Hlldreth^s ch. h. by
imp. L»e Beauvlor-Fannle Lyons. Owengboro
much the best. He la Rood now. St. Cuthbort
stopped very badly. Our lizzie had speed;
so did Illllouon. Scratched— William Ack 91,
Dcnatnr 105.
1001. SECOJfti RACE-Seven furlongs; cell
ing; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index, Horse Wt, Jockey. St. ¥•.' Str. Fin.
1?67 Owenrboro, 4. 10S. Henry 2 4 1 1 »4 1 3
1P69 Llmellffht. 5, 105..O'Conn 4 6 3 H 2 1
VJ:,1 St. Cuthb't, 6, 108, Thorp 5 2 2 2 1 3 1
Wt Our LJzzie, 6, 105.. Burns 3 1 h 4 1 4 3
1S>46 Illllouon, 3 91. ..J. Daly 1 3h 6 4 5 8
1&C6 Sw. Caporal, 5, 103.Wedd 6 5 »i 6 6
Betting-Raveling, 9-5; Skip Me, 15; Andrat
tus. 11-5; Tola. 6; Oscar Tolle, 20; Moonbrlght,
15; Cantlnus, E00; Parsifal. 15; Quiz II, 18;
Ccrlovlgnlan, 600.
2, 1901.— Weather fine. J Track fast.
101)0. FinST RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, XVt. Jockey.- St.' %. ¦ %: Fin.
i:<08 Ravelins, 116..Dominlck 9 6 1 2 3 In
i:>43 Skip Me, 107 .Henry 2 12 1 >S 2 4
Ull Andrattus. 111..T. Sloan 7 7 2 6 2 3 4
(r.'46)Tola, 109 O'Connor 6 8 1 4^42
(l.SCJ)Oscar Tolle. 112... Burns 3 .3 h 3 % 5 2
l'JZB Moonbright. 103. ..Thorpe 5 5 2 7 1 6 2
1!>7S Cantlmis, 112.V Weddefstd 8 9 "9 7 3'
(lS60)l»arsiral, 103 J. Daly 4 4 4 6 <i 8 ft*
r.'7S Quiz II, 112 Frawley 1 2 h 8 4 9 1
1946 Carlovlgrjlan, lOO.JacksnlO 10 10 10 »
Time— 1-16, :0€»i: 3-16, :18; • 7-16. :41U:' 6%f,
1:01%. Good start. AVon handily. Second and
third driving:. Winner, TV'.- Shields' b. c. by
liavelston-Klmlnetta. Raveling much the best;
ho was away poorly. /Skip, me.' ran. a swell
race' Andrattus, kIow to ret going, ran a
fair race. OBcar Tolle some early speed.
Pcratched— Ilobert J . 112, Invlctu» 103, -Ledua
109.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANFORAN PAKK-Saturday, March
made some excellent approaches, but was
hardly up to his best form in putting.
The best round made yesterday was
Harry Rawlins' 41, which was beaten only
by Willie Smith's 40 and 39 on Friday.
I>avld Bell made many fine strokes, but
was Inclined to pull his drives. Robert
Johnstone of the San Francisco links tied
with Horace Rav.iins- for best score of
yesterday— S6.
Willie Smith played with F. J. Riley.
Horace Rawlins v.lth David Bell, and
Harry Rawlins with Robert Johnstone.
Neurly all the professionals seemed a
little disposed -to putt short, but this is to
be accounted for In the caae of Bell, Smith
and Rlley by the fact that they have^been
playing a good deal on sand greens.
The details of the two rounds played
yesterday are given in the table:
Robert Johnstone— 1234G6789
Out 45645464 4—42
In 56645564 4 — 41—86
Horace Rawlins—
Out „.. 675C5464 S— 4t
In 6 8 5 4 5 4 5 4 3 — 12— S6
Harry Rawlins —
- Out 54554365 4—41
IP. 66556354 7-46-87
Willie Smilh-
Out 55555566 4— 4fi
In 4 6 6 6 4 4 5 4 3 — 12—88
Davl.l Bell— ¦
Out 4 6 6 C 5 3 5 5 4-44
In 55744465 4— 44—88
F. J. Riley—
Out 6 8 E 5 6 4^7 5 4—50
In 5 6 7 u 6 4 5 5 3 — 4S— Sfl
As shown by the above table the play
of the first five was remarkably even, tho
best beating: the worst by two "sirokc3
only. The scores of the four rounds, with
the errand totals of the two days' play,
are shown in the followins table:
The professional tournament on the
links of the Oakland Gqlf Club was con
cluded yesterday, Willl* Smith, winning
the first prize of J100, Horace Rawlins
capturing-* the "sccoTid prize of $70, and
Harry Rawlins receiving the third award
of ?30. Willie . Smith's score for the
eighteen ., holes played yesterday was
beaten by Horace Rawlins, Robert John
stoner and Harry Rawlins, but the sub
stantial lead that he' had established on
Friday served. to bring him out well at
the top. Horace Rawlins drove well and
To-Day the Professional Cracks Will
' Practice Over Course of Coun
try Club at Bur-
>-"U ?
Rawlins Brothers Capture
the Second and Third
Prizes.
GOLFER SMITH
WINS TOURNEY
n*"!s' Koyal Anne. S-j; J. Hurley's O K Capi
tol beat F. Jones' Tom HarMek, 3-2: II Dun
lea'» Erin beat W. C G!a.'ann'<» Dew-lrnp. 5-:l;
P. Doyle's Liberator beat Curtis & Sons' Me-
Klnley. 8-0: C. Bonar's Wild Norah bfat J. 1».
Thrift'* Tyrone I'rinre. «-4; F. A. McComb's
Boca Fide beat J. Carroll's Auckland. 3-2: F.
JoneV Wrdgrwood beat C. Lemon's Half
Moon. 4-fl; D. J. Hcaley's Slsquoc beat Kay
Bru.' Hawker, «-0; Yesemlte Kennels' Frp'
dont'9 Banner beat II. J. Healey's T.ipn»' i.
6-3; Sterl & Knowles' Runty Gold beat L>.
Toland's Twlllsrht Jr.. J-2: P. StelnhoflTa Veto
brat E. M. I K^llogg'a Kid • McCoy. 4-3; H.
Lynch's Kottle M beat Gold t>ust Kennels' St.
Michael. 4-1: Ruflsell * Allen's Spiteful b-at
P. J. Rellly's Royal i:nton. 4-1: I>. inilons
Granuvllla twat Captain Eulfrer'» Alam^ii
Lad, 8-0; J. HoMen'9 Scottish Chief beat Yo
semlte Kennrln' Krrle Fuller. «-l: V. J. Rell
ly's Warship beat J. J. Ke«nan's I.ur.Iia
Links. S-2: P. J. Rcil!y'» Moonbright I., .it P.
Jackson's Honor Bright. 5-1: J. Dowllnjc 1 * Sir
Lawrence beat Conr.ell Bros.' Log Boy. 2-0;
J, T. McCarthy's John Doe beat 1'asha Ken
nels' Random Aim. (f-0: Krsklne & Jones' Lav-
ender beat Pasha Kennel* Round About. 7-1;
F". A. McComb's Little Stater beat Gold Dns»
Kennels* SpriERbaek. 4-0: J. J. Kenny's Hot
Hast« beat T. Xeenan's Bab & Din, S-0; Paaha
Kenntls' Roman Athlete beat Oorjre Shar
man'l ChleaKO Boy. 5-0: Curtis & Sons' Luxor
beat L. F. Bartels" Rest Bargain. 5-0: Pasha
Kennels' Firry Faca beat O. Zahl'a Miss Wil
son. a-2; Oeonre Whitney's Theron beat Sterl
& Knowles' Ollta. M; Pasha Kennels' Real
Article beat Sterl & Knowles" O'Hara, 4-2:
Oeorjre Sbarman'a St. Ives a bye; Gold Dast
Kennels" Brutira beat S. Handy'a Twfi» City
Girl. 6-1; J. Carroll's Master Clalr beat Prwtn
A Lyon's Silver Wlnjra. 5-0; J. Smith's Boney
Boy beat J. E. Hodgkln's Kir? Cashier, 5r2;
P. A. McComb's Koyal Fashion beset W: . C:
Glasson's Ion*. 4-3: M. fJleason's Aconlt* beat
Curtis A Sons" >farclssu». 3-0: Georjre Xather
cott's Floodirate beat J. XTooney's : Silent
Treasure. 5-0; Tosemlte Kennels' Mose beat
Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt. 3-0; D. T>
land's Pleasant Girl beat George Parktnaoa'a
Ben Lomond. 3-t. > ir'"-"" : .-¦
Open stake, first munl-T. V«\ Dartrln*
Mac's Mvl.xly b-at r^iiarini Uro^.' Santonin.
»-i?; Sterl A KnowlF3' Ittppli b«at Kuss*!! <i;
Allrns Dal«y ''lair. 1-0; Curt!.* * Hon's Fl.vlr.j
Fox heat Walsh & He^nnn's Sarramfnto Boy.
4-ft; Kennels' Kur.ii ArtiM brat- P.
Jonas' Harlcan Gladys, 4-0: Russell *£. Ai
len's Hosio Clalr beat V. J. Rellly'j Ur>«Kh
noai^h, S3; P. Doyle's The] ma . txat Fa.«h.-»
K^nnpls' May Hempstrad. |-fi K. M. Kellost.tf 1 *
Huclt tx-at T. J. Cronln's Vanaal. 4-2; F. A.
McComb's Frosty Morn b«at T. Tlerroy's Tr%
Rowe. 3-2: Sterl & KMWW Sloety Mi3t tx>at
T. W. Rartels' Eann-?r EriRht. 3-0; J. Harley'-i
Hurricane beat T. Lean's Miss Grizz!<\ 3-2;
J. Smith's MaKter Workman beat Georg*
Sharman's Bowery Boy. 2-0; E. M. . Kcl!ojrs's
Iowa I!oy boat W. X. IInag'» Cecil M. 13-«;
The ithnrt-emls w*-rt>: Ripple b«at T>aisy
Clalr; First Foot beat Royal Anr.e; Veto
beat Kid McCoy, and Pleasant (Jirl beat
Ben Lomoml at 2 t<> 1. Thtlmu f>«-at.Mi>y
Hempstead; Frosty Morn h»at Tea Rosw;
Roman Athlete hf-at «'hicaSo Key at .1 to
1. Buck beat Vandal: Scottish Chief tmaK
Uncle Fuller; heat Honor
Bright, and Fionoy Boy teat Kins Casbfer
at 4 to 1. Rural Arti.st heat Harteaft
CJIadys at 5 to 3. Freedom's Manner boa;
Tapfooa at 7 to 1. Aconite beat Nareissuo
at 12 to 1.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Fiery face. I-ittle S'.ster and Spiteful
are pood outside chances. Tho winners lr»
the second round look to be .Mac's Slelody,
Klylnjr Fox, Kosie Clair, Duck. Sleety
Mist. Iowa IJ<iy. Kirs:. Foot, Erin, lion*
Fide. WedgewiKid, Itusty Gold, Vetc».
Spiteful. Warship, Sir Lawrence, John
Iw>e. Littlo Sister, Roman Athlete, Fiery
Face, Real Article, ttrutus, IJom-y Boy,
Floodgate. Pleasant O:rl.
The talent has mad.» Luxor a favori;**
for this event, bricking him rlnwn from i
to 6 to 1. The dog is not r!s:ht: In fact,
the Curtis kennel is l,i bad shape, due to
the epidemic peculiar to Colma docs. In
Roman Athlete Luxor meets a stro^sj
young traveler. Chicago Hoy. a S to 1
favorite was beaten polntle.** by t5:a
Pasha Kennels' entry, and despite tio
feeling 1 of the talent Luxor 13 tar from
being a cinch so far as winning his firs;
run to-day.
Aconite, at 12 to 1, did the trick. In an
even run-up Aconite shot ahead at thj
critical moment, snapped up the hare and
up went the white f!agr.
Floodgate looks faster than anything in
the stake arul ?:ands a good chance 'to
win honors and tirst money. The unfor
tunate Brutus seems a likely candidate,
too. but the fast hound will have to battlo
against his own Iuck. On ninp occasiona
last season IJrutug reached second place,
but as yet has faun: to get his name on
the list of stake vor.rwTS.
The run-down of th*. 96-<los otven.stak*
at Union Coursing Park yesterday fur
nished a number of surprises to the form
players. Fourteen, shcrt ends, every one
of which waa given a strong j>Iay.-con
stituted the day's reverses. The defeat of
Narcissus, Curtis & Sons' consistent per
former, was :i severe blow to the ont-i
¦who fix the price.
Form Players at Union Coursing Park
Meet With Many Rsverass.
Fouitein Short-Ends
Secure the Flag.
Shows Great Speed and I3
Ready to Annex Big
.Open Stake. *
FAST FLOODGATE
IS OUT TO WIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
Christened/ by a Descendant of the Famous
Commodore of That Name.
LAUNCHING OF TORPEDO
BOAT DESTROYER PREBLE
24
COMPETITORS.
! M
I 2 I
I »l
I M
|Ttl
-
"Willie Smith
Horace Kawllns
Harry Rawllns
David Bell
Itobert Johnstone
F. J. Riley
40
46
45
44
51
47 I
39 I
42
44
4fi
45
I 4.<?
I 46
44
41
44
42
50
42
42
4G
41
44
46
167
174
17*
17S
182
191
COMPETITORS.
! M
I 2 I
I »l
I M
|Ttl
-
"Willie Smith
Horace Kawllns
Harry Rawllns
David Bell
Itobert Johnstone
F. J. Riley
40
46
45
44
51
47 I
39 I
42
44
4fi
45
I 4.<?
I 46
44
41
44
42
50
42
42
4G
41
44
46
167
174
17*
17S
182
191
ADVZSTISS1IEUTS.
IenTfreitomen!
A Most Eemarkabla Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Visro?
to Hen.
A Freo Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a. mcjt remarka-
L> remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
•Jbey cured so many men who had bat-
•Jed for years against the mental ami
lihysical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suflrr from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful iolly, premature
less of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It is needed,
li cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years cf misuse of the natural func-
tion "and has been an absolute success
In all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute, S2S Elektron building, Fort
Wav-ne, Ind.. statins; that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be cora-
rlled with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous cf reaching that grreat class of men
who are unable to leave horn ; to be treat-
e£ and the free sample will enable them
to' 6' i how *asy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are rmployed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will
b« eent a free sample, carefully sealed
In a nlain packape, so that Us recipient
need ha\-e no' fear of embarrassment <jr
publicity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
' CARLOAD 'f
19O1 !
ClevelaMBicycles
¦ d'JST RECEIVED.
. QUALITY 'RIGHT. PRICE RIGHT, i
$35, $40. Racer $50. |
! LEAVITT~& BILL, \
309 Larkin St. i
10 Kan I'r.blo Ave., Oakland. ,
£7 6o. M tit.. San Jobp. <
/''ilk j1T\ mr^ m ' s 8 Source of Health.
J I^P^^^^^i^M^X / \ I There is one certain way to cure weakness — that
f\ I I is > to restore life; one certain way to cure pain-that
/ «!Hjii$l> HH1M J I is - to remove its cause. . . — ': :
Jt J%W$Mw$m P^^S^r' 0/1 H6w far drn^s come from this, and how directly
ff «</ theDr - McUughlin Electric Belt strikes the mark, is
L shown by the thousands of cures performed in almost
>^ hopeless cases by my wonder- working electric treatment after the
\N>. >ir%^5^^^y^H failure of all kinds of drug medication.
<^i \$$3£s°2 M I The reason'is that all pair, and weakness result from a loss of
I / organic and nerve vitality. That must be restored. Drugs :cari-
iP 1 - 11 I / not restore it. Electricity can and does "when it is applied right.;
1 / / , DR.. icLAUbHLIN § eLcCTKIG dELT
I I i I Cures to stay cured Nervous Debility, Waste of Strength,: Vari-
f II I cocele, Weakness of Any Kind, whether in Nerves, Stomach,
I I n • I Heart, Liver or Kidneys. It cures Rheumatism. Pains in Back
I \i\ \ and Shoulders, Sciatica, Lumbago, Indigestion, Neuralgia, Prc5-
| / / I \ / tatic Weakness; Constipation, Dyspepsia, and all troubles Where!
I / / I \ I I new life can restore health.
I I / I / I Do not be in error. This grand appliance is like no other. ¦
I / / I // / It is new. It has all the good points that are known in electricity.
J \ J I If I l gives a powerful current, but does not burn or blister,- because!
. \ / li II I my special cushion electrodes make the current a warm, gentle.
I I I ir [ glow,, which exhilarates and relieves at ence.
I II I . IT 'Wll I fllOP VPlIl Aro toc sick or in pain? Have- you
II / I > >VILL yUl^C juu. any trouble? if so, come. to me:
• ft ' ./ / Let me help vox My twenty year? of study are at your service. MyadVfce
I ; \ is free. Call at my ofHce and test rny »r?atment free. See how wonderfully
Jc l I . -• ¦ and how quickly it relieves pain and givts strength. It will surprise you. "•• :
j^jZw^ . j * \ 1 If you cannot call I will send you tny beautifull}* illustrated booli telling
JsUsf^z) l^lw.il^^ a^ a^° ut **" 1* * s £ent f ree » ' ' . = ' IMAN WHO MET DEATH. SPOT
SHOWS PLACE WHERE HE
LAY WHEN FOUND.
PHOENIX. March 2.— The smallpox epidemic
1« fpreadlng rapidly among the Oocopah ln
di&ji:=. near the mouth of the Colorado Rlrer.
Fifty caszb are reported and four deaths have
occurred.
MARQUTS OF HEADFORT
TENDERS HIS RESIGNATION
Apparently Determined to Marry
Miss Rosa Boote of the
: M Gaiety Chorus.
LONDON. March 2.— Lieutenant, the
Marquis of Headfort, of the First Life
Guards, whose determination to make
Miss Rosa Boote of the Gaiety chorus
Marchioness of Headfort has created so
much talk, is under orders to Bail for
South Africa and Is confronted with tha
necessity of going when told and fight
ing or giving up hi? ilancee. He declares
he will accept the stigma of resignation
rather than forego his resolution to
marry. The case has been brought to the
notice of no less a personage than King
Edward, who has handed It over to
Prince Edward of Sixe- Weimar, colonel
of the First Life Guards. The Prince of
Saxe-Welmar wrot's a letter pointing out
to the Marquia the ruin of his career If
he insisted on marrying Miss Boote, as
she could not be received by the regi
on t*nt-
The Marquis replied, regretting that he
could not see it that way, but he sent his
resignation papers to Lord Roberts. The
commander in chief apparently invented
a little plot, for Instead of accepting hi3
resignation he ordered the Marquis to
hold himself in readiness to go to the
Transvaal. The denouement is expected
to be a quiet marriage and the retirement
of the young peer from his Majesty's ser
vice • ¦ - . ¦ .
m -
Army Bills Signed.
WASHINGTON. March 2.— The Presi
dent to-night signed the army "appropria
tion bills, which contain the provisions
relating to the relations of the United
States to Cuba and the government of the
Philippines.
GAL.VESTON. Tex.. March 2.— Joe Cho
ynskl and Jack Johnson, arrested last
Monday night by State Rangers on the
charge of prizefighting, will have a ha
beas corpus hearing before Judge Allen
in the Criminal Court in this city Mon
day. The men are still in Jail.
Pugilists Still in Jail.
Licensed to Wed.
OAKLAND, March 2.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk's office to-day: Joseph C.
Goetze, San* Francisco, aged 24 years, and
Marie I. Mills, Santa Rosa, aged IS;
Michael P'Toole. San .Francisco, aged 22.
and Cella A. Sorensen, San Francisco,
aged 20; Solomon Crokner. Oakland, aged
28, and Dora Schary, Oakland, aged 18;
George Arlett. Selby, aged .21, and Annie
Jones, Oakland, aged IS; Leonard Sles
slnger, San Francisco, aged 2a, and Annie
McDonald, San Francisco, aged 23; Clem
ent P. Kirk, Oakland, aged 23. and Ethel
G. IMckerson. Oakland, aged 19.
RIO JANEIRO. March 2,-The two Ital
ians who wer« arrested because they were
cognizant of an attempt to kill the Kir.sr
of Italy, were released to-day. It was
shown that they had assisted- In th* ar
rest of the main conspirator: .
ROME. March 2.— According to the press
manifestations to-day . prevented the oper
ation of tramways by the placing of ob
structions on the tracks and the cutting
of overhead wire?. Thp crowd attempted
to enter the Olympian Theater, .but wm
unsuccessful.. On Candelia- street bill
boards were overturned and set on fire.
The firemen were called out to extinguish
the flames. Women Were most active ia
the crowd. Calm- has been restored.
Italians .Released.
and Overhead Wires Are Cut
in Rome.
Obstructions Are Placed on the Tracks
MOBS PREVENT THE
OPERATION OF TRAMWAYS
The Pony Express system is the name
given the methods employed by out-of
town "purchasing agents" who buy good*
in the city and carry them back as per
sonal baggage, the express companies
thus being deprived of what they consid
ered their legitimate business. ¦
CHICAGO. >Iarch 2.— Judge Kohlsaat. In
the United States District Court to-day
sustained the action of a jury which gave
a verdict In favor :«f the Pony Kxprea*
system against the United States Express
Company and the Chicago, Milwaukee and
St. Paul Railroad. Company. He decided,
however, that the verdict for C i0O in
favor ' oC the plaintiff. Joseph F. Lunrl.
was excessive and that half that amount
would have to be. returned if a new 'trial
is to be avoided. • •: # '.¦ '• ¦
the Jury,
saat Sustains the Action of
VEBDICT IN FAVOR OF
. . PONY EXPRESS SYSTEit
United States District Judge Kohl-
Commons by a vote of 125 to 19 has passed
Mr. Costigan's motion that an address be
presented to . King Edward "VJII asklnjc
that the portion of the coronation oath
so offensive to Catholics be eliminated.
Leaders on both stdt?3 of the House spoke
in favor of the motion, but there was a
difference of opinion on Its phraseology,
the debate lasting from early yesterday
until 2 o'clock this morning.
Cntario House of Commons Passes
Costigan's Motion by Strong
Affirmative Vote.
OTTAWA. Ont., March 2.— The House of
ASSS XIHG TO OMIT
PORTION OF HIS OATH
told John Llclch. the proprietor, that he
would not see him again. He went toward
a private room and remarked that he had
played cards there once with an old
friend the night before he died. He did
not pay for the drink he got, saying he
had no money.
Other friends of the old man say that
he has been despondent for some time
over money mutters. They pay that 4t he
could have got some money he would
have made a fortune out of the plant he
was running.
Herman Cordes was a native of Ger
many, aged 74 years. He amassed a for
tune in this State, but lost It all in specu
lation. He leaves two sons and* a daugh
ter. Herman Cordes Jr. Hose Company
Is named for his deceased son.
The Coroner's lmjuest was held thlp
afternoon at 5 o'clock. The theory of
suicide was further strengthened by tho
testimony of Asa Perkins, who said that
Cordes had told him yesterday. In reply
to a casual remark about his walking up
and down Park street, that he would not
do it many more times. The other wit
nesses were those whose connection with
the matter has already been stated. The
Jury brought In a verdict to the effect
that death was the- result of an explosion,
the cause of which is unknown.
and large Industrial affairs In the Sacra
mento Valley.
The Question of relationship of the new
Earl Fruit Company to the Porter Fruit
Company or to the car lines Is raised in
many quarters, but the new men deny any
affiliation, either with other fruit compa
nies or car lines.
is caved In and the interior is a wreck.
She was awakened by a piece of board,
that was forced through a break in the
wall, striking her on the head. For a mo
ment she was stunned, but as soon as she
recovered she dressed hurriedly and went
to the assistance of the man she heard
groaning outside.
"I live within a hundred yards of the
place." said Mr. Hebard. "and felt the
concussion more than anybody else. At
first I could not locate- tho trouble, but
as I was walking down the street that
skirts the tidal canal I heard the groan
ing and then saw the wreck. I asked
Mr. Cordes how It happened, but he could
not answer."
The amount of powder exploded is not
definitely known. As near as any one
knows it was about 100 sticks. The con*
cussion was terrific for such a compara
tively small quantity, but the theory Is
that pome chemicals that were stored
there went up with the powder. Cordes
used powder to blow up tree stumps. He
bought a box containing 100 sticks two
weeks ago, but only used a few. Thomas
Pellow. a former employe of Cordes,
urged the old man to get rid of It, but
for some reason he did not do so, though
ho promised that he would.
Believe Cordes Committed Suicide.
Cordes had been manufacturing eucal
yptus oil for some time, having extracted
it from eucalyptus leaves. He owned two
buildings, one of which contained a boil
er and two stills and the other his office
and storeroom. It was in this latter that
he kept the giant powder.
He was accustomed to working late.
but always came home. Last night he
did not come home at all and his son and
daughter, with whom he lived at 1216 Post
street, were worried about him. Still they
thought he would be able to take care of
himself.
It is the old man's strange conversation
last night that leads many to believe that
he deliberately committed suicide, though
pome of his friends scout the suggestion.
He came to Alameda from the city on the
10:10 narrow-gauge train and dropped in
at the saloon of P. A. Dean in the Park
Hotel. He played cards with some friends
for a few minutes and then sat outside
on a bench with Mr. Dean until after 11
o'clock. In the course of the conversation
he said he needed money to run his plant
and asked Mr. Dean where he could get
some. His friend told him he did not
know. Before he went away Cordes took
a drink at the bar. remarking that It
would be the last one he would take
there.
I From Dean's Cordea went to the Bank
saloon. There, after taking a drink, he
EABX FRUIT COMPANY
NOW IN NEW HANDS
Former Head, of the Concern. Steps
Out and the New Directorate
Takes Charge.
LOS ANGELES. March 2.— The Earl
Fruit Company deal was consummated
this evening. Mr. Earl has disposed of his
interests In the fruit company, after hav
ing retired from the Continental Fruit
Express. It is claimed by those who are
familiar with the details of the transac
tion that he steps out of active business
with a cool million In his pockets.
The new men in the Earl Fruit Com
pany have been associated with the prime
movers In several colonization projects
The personnel of the new company Is
not made public In full, but the new di
rectorate, elected in Los Angeles last
evening, consists of William E. Gerber.
cashier of the California State Bank of
Sacramento; Hon. Fred Cox, president of
the same company; Calvin W. Clark, for
merly extensively engagf-d In the cattle
business; Adolph Heilbron, formerly a
wholesale butcher and extensive land
owner In the San Joaquln Valley, and
George B. Katzensteln. formerly treasurer
of the Earl Fruit Company, and for years
widely known through the State as a high
official of various fraternal organization.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦VANCOUVER, B. C-. March 2.— Definite
announcement was made here to-day by
officials of the Crows Nest Pass Coal
Company, whose coal and coke business
is the largest In Western Canada, that a
proprietary Interest in the company's
shares had been purchased this week by
the New American Smelting Trust.
James J. Hill of the Great Northern and
J. Pierpont Morgan of New York are ac
tively Interested in Jthe deal. The amount
Involved was nearly $1,000,000.
The mines at Fernle are lia miles north
of the International boundary line, and
the Dominion Parliament has promised
the company a charter for a railway from
Crows Nest to the boundary, so thjit coke
may be supplied to the smelters of Mon
tana and other United States centers. The
present output of the mines is 450 tons of
coke a day. A thousand new ovens will
be DUt in. making it the largest coking
plant in the world, and 1800 tons per day
will be shipped by June. The Canadian
Pacific Railway made a big fight against
the deal, but its opposition was futile.
A'LAMEDA. March 2.— Under cir
cumstances which Indicate the
act of a despondent man bent
upon ending his own life, a Quan
tity of giant powder was exploded
at an early hour this morning, tearing
into shreds the body of Herman Cordes,
an aged resident An hour after the ex
plosion the old man expired In the hos
pital ambulance and the destination of
the vehicle wa3 changed to the Morgue.
The city and Its suburbs was shaken
by the terrific concussion a few min
utes after 5 o'clock. Windows half a
mile away trom the seen© of the explosion
were broken. Wild rumors spread about
the streets that a terrible accident had
occurred, with consequent loss of life. In
a short time hundreds of people had be
come spectators of the devastation re
sulting from the explosion.
The scene of the happening was at the
foot of Park street, near the tidal
canal bridge. One building had be,en
leveled to the ground, every 'piece
of timber having been broken Into bits.
Two or three other buildings had their
sides and roofs crushed Inward. A great
hole in the earth showed where the pow
der had done Its work. It was beside this
hole that the body of "Old Man Cordes,"
a« he was familiarly called, was found
writhing in agony.
"Give me a drink of water! Oh, for
God's sake give me a drink of water!"
were the words the wounded man groaned
out to Mrs. Mary Lambert, .the first to
come to his assistance.
Brave Woman Attends Mangled Man.
Mrs. Lambert, herself nearly a victim of
the explosion, tended the old man. though
the sicht of his torn body sickened her.
She administered to him until the ambu
lance came to take him away. She had
seen at once, however, that he had been
fatally hurt. His body was a. mass of
quivering shreds, not a stitch of clothing
being left on it. The left foot was torn
off and thrown some distance. The face
was blackened and unrecognizable.
Just after having been given the water
the old man lapsed into unconsciousness.
The appeals for drink were his last words.
H. E. Hebard, who was second to reach
the spot, attempted to get a statement as
to the cause of the explosion, but he was
unsuccessful.
The home of Mrs. Lambert Is within
twenty feet of the place where the ex
plosion occurred. The rear of her house
GREATEST COKING
PLANT IN WORLD
One Thousand New Ovens
to Bs Put in at Crows
Ntst. *
• BERKELEY. March 2. — The United
States Philippine Commission has passed
an act for the establishment of public
schools on the islands at an estimated
cost of $100,000. The act Is dated January
21. 1901, and went Into effect at that time.
President Wheeler of the University of
California has received a copy of It, sent
to htm by the commission.
Under the act a department of public
instruction has been established in the
Philippines, with headquarters at Manila.
All primary lnstruction.shall be free and
schools established by the military gov
ernment shall become a part ol the de
partment. *
The chief officer shall be a General Su
perintendent of .Public Instruction, ap
pointed by the commission at an annual
salary of toot*..-. He shail have power to
establish school? in every pueblo in the
archipelago, where practicable, and to re
organize those already established, where
necessary. He stiuii appoint a city Su
1'erintenuent of Scnools lor Manila, divis
ion superintendents tor other parU of
the Islands, teacners and clerks and fix
the sajanes of the teachers and . clerks,
lie shall ittso tlx the curriculum for pri
mary, secondary ana other public schools.
He shall divide the archipelago into
school divisions, not to exceed ten In
number, with Manila as one. He shall
ha\e power to determine in what towns
English teachers, to be paid out of the
Insular treasury, shall teach and may ex
ercise discretion in favoring those towns
showing loyalty to the United States or
towns that shall construct and maintain
school buildings by local taxation.
There shall be a superior aQvlsory
board of education* composed of the gtn
eral superintendent and four members to
be appointed by the commission. They
shall hold office three years, meet regu
larly every two months and receive $10
each for regular or special meetings. The
city superintendent -of schools at Manila
shall receive an annual salary of $3000
and the division superintendents not less
than $2000 nor more than $2500. In each
municipality a local school board of four
or six members shall be appfiinted by the
division superintendent.
Tlve English language as soon as prac
ticable shall be jnade the basis of all pub
lic school Instruction and soldiers may
be detailed as instructors until such time
as they may be replaced by trained
teachers.
Authority Is given the general super
intendent of public Instruction to obtain
from the United States 1030 trained Amer
ican teachers ot monthly salaries of not
less than $75 nor more than $125. their
traveling expenses from their residences
to Manila to be paid by the Government.
No teacher or any other person shall
teach or criticize the doctrine of any
church, religious .sect or denomination,
or shall attempt to Influence the pupils
for or against any church or religious
sect In any public- school. It Is provided,
however, that a priest or minister of the
church established In the pueblo, either
In- person or by a designated teacher of
religion, may teach religion for one-half
hour three times a week In the school
building to those children whose parents
or guardians desire it.
A normal school shall be established In
Manila for training the natives In the
science of teaching. This school shall
cost J25.000 and shall be paid for out of
the Insular Treasury. A trade school for
the Instruction of the natives In useful
trades shall be established In the same
city at a cost of $15,000. This sum shall
also be paid out of the Insular Treasury
as well as a like sum for the establish
ment of an agiiculutral school on the Isl
and of Xegros.
The cost of the buildings and equip
ments for the present time. Including the
normal, trades and agricultural schools,
shall not exceed $400,000.
Department of Public Instruction
Pounded and Schools Will Be
Established in Every
Pueblo.
Commission Authorizes the
Building of Ample Schcol
Structures.
WILL ANGLICIZE
THE FILIPINOS
Some Big Sales.
Vocr Bale» xa2»cac*& u tucvlajr takes
r'xco finiltt tr;« vxek l&at past aggre
r«.ted V3JX& Tea othtn tka.t have been
rfeocr^ei during: the werk show a. total of
tiZZ.ry*. The ia_ea th«.t ha.ve b*en recorded
durlr.g the \eeelt number 106 and amount
to 1725,221 Tt« tranafera placed en record
ror the month cf February aspresated In
T»Itse SX.7U.CSS. AH cosdltlons are-excep
t:or_ai:y fatvorable. Ttiere has b«en much
talk la the raat month aiout the Interest
that the Eastern people are taking In
Calirorsla. "VTkatever basl* of fact there
has beeri fcr such an Idea, there Is no
douht that the facts Justify It now. Line
altar line cf cteaziers Is being added by
larff* corporations whose standing !m
pUe« tliat they have corne to> Btey. Other
lines are dickering. The transcontinental
lice* bar© picked this port out for the
irateway for Oriental commerce. Every
few <!&,}-¦ som© new use for crude x>etro
lesni Is found and power la comlne down
frcni the mountains for the use of manu
facturers. Additional railways will press
forward to enter San Francisco. ¦Ware
house properties are sougrht to accomrno
cate the inevitable demand of trade to
rocs. The announcement cf the Inten
tion cf the Market Street Railway system
to turn the dummy line west or Central
avenue Into tn electric road and to re
place tbe Sacramento and Jackson etreet
cables west of Fl'.lmore street with elec
tric lines will do much to stimulate the
growth of the section north of Golden
Oate Paxfc, which has not had the beat
facilities in the past.
Seme cf the principal eaJes that have
been placed on record during the p&st
¦week are &» follows:
Estate cf Joan N. G. Hunter ts Robert G.
Hooker, toutheAst cerrer cf Lajr^r.a ar.a E11H
street*. 1:0x137:6. 135,000; Apn V. Nolan to
I*eter Dean eouth^i'eet corner Klllrr.ore and
Eacnmtnto, 103:6x75:6, CSLSM; Eliza Kargtr to
Kenry E. ; Bothir. Foatieast line of MJ»»l«n.
117:6 ecuthweiit from Second. KxS3, J20.000;
Ker.ry E. and Jennie VT. Bothln to Thomas
CrelUn, eoutheaft line of Mission. US:S T » 6outh
wes-t irom Seoor.d.- JS:'9 ;^xSfxruxS'^xrj'T,x»Oxlov4
Inches by SC. ISC. ¦•-">: Char>s T. and Lilly F.
F. Tildes' tj the Haf=>tt Warehouse Company,
¦otKhuett Ur.e c'. street, 13T:« southwest
from F.-is. rv.. 1374x23.' tl<&.00»; J. A. Simp
fon al. t IJenr^* Ci>well, northwest corner
Po'.iL and Turk. 137 :txlS7:«. $45,200: IJorrls Holler
to Julius Schary. couth- llni? of Ellis street. 137:6
ca*: :r rr. I^giina, tl5.5C«O; William Levistcn to
First «. :r:h of Christ. Scientist, southwest
earner . c c;ott ani Sacramento. lTT^^xi":*,
|U.a«; Tiancis Mc«Jee to Patrick H. McCarthy.
v *f : Jtoe of Ccnir^^roodl. 75 feet northeast
rroni J^irhieer.th, 4&:4xi;3 1 JCO.iOO; Jonathan R.
Taicott t) Pa -lice Cousin, southwest line of
fpear. :37:6 toutheast from Market, 45:l.Cx
127 :u tTO.OCO.
A. JL Ssecic & Co. have sold for Wil
liam Ilir.kel the southwest corner of Sac
ramecto and leaven worth streets to Jean
Chiax for H5J50QL The lot is C0xD6 and has
upon it thrtt two-story frame buildings.
Benjamin M. Ounr. & Co. have sold for
Thomas I. Be-rgin two lots on the north
line of Francisco street, between Mason
trA Taylor, for $10,000. The total frontage
cf the two lots is C1:S.
Country realty continues to move well
(a favored localities. J. H. Henry has just
purchased t(M acres of land near San
Martin, Santa Clara County, for $73,00).
Henry A. Chase of Sari Francisco has
bought the Knglewood orchard of IIS
acres, rear Cajrijjtx'll, for J&5."»0. Th©
broken la both salts were Wooster &
\\". v :itton asd T. S. Montgomery of San
Jcse.
Reports cf Dealers.
Thomas Magee & Sons report the fol
lowir.j salts:
. ccraer of Califorr.ia and Drumm
*trr»-ty. TCsCl:S. the lrrj-rDveir.er.tr. consisting
•h-»*-Ff-r>- brick buUdine. with basement.
LtM ; r:ce beinjr between Il«u.000 and I15O.0O0;
.t-.-^« lots, t-et. each, on the east line
>r 1V>bsier street, between Fiibert and Union.
'. r r:ij each; (ot, 2::€x70. en the eouth line cf
Butter strvet, CO feet west from lxtrkir.. for
J":": lot. C:€x600. en tke southeast corner of
PoiSf I^5bo» and Twelfth evenueg. for JflOO:
'. '. (0x129. on the ncrth«a«t line of t-ixth street,
t 'tween Bryant and Brannan, for $7600.
The Von Ilhein Real Estate Company r<u
prrt the sale of the .northwest corner of Polk
*.r.i Turk streets. 127:€i:137:6 feet., with fix
cwi»:i:r.c houses, bririirtm? in a- rental of 1255.
tX ~. Ja.rr.es A. ard William P. Simpson an*i
the •^tat* of Mary Grace Lyr.ch to Henry Cow-
ell fcr UZ.'M. .
Hawks & Skelton report sales as fol
lows:
¦ \\"«st line of Fll'more street. ET:2 feet eouth
from Calif crr.la. 60iIC3.. vrith irr.provem*-nt». to
aJilton S. Eisner, for J1C.O90; lot and two-story
trick, building. ;i:SxS7:6. on the east line cf ]
. Front etrwt. US:* n->rth of California, to I>.
t=. barker, for «i-.COl; lot. £5x114. on the south
lir»* «f Kfhteenth «reet, ICIi feet east fro^n
•Noe. to B.- CaltTStar tlifti: let. en
the inortfcwen corner of Larkinand Chestnut
¦ streets, to- E. «.*. I.rttr.dl*. for flJjO: «outheA:-t j
corner of Taylor nv^z and llontgomery ive- i
sire, core lot. .to A. Suaecl. fcr fliwO.
O.D. Baldwin & Sen report these sales: !
. Ncrtheast cornet of Lombard and Buchanan i
streets. 13t.Ck:rT:6. \6 Oeorge M. Mitchell for I
¦Homer Klr.ir. for.JoOC-O: lot. r7:CxlOT. on the
:: rUJ I;:.* 1 I : Gr^ie ctreet. 110 feet west from ;
.h'reu. Cor.tSOO; lot.' with Improvements, on tee i
»«t line oT StontpOMMXT street, il feet north i
.roiri. Jackson, for JCrOOu.
• frhainwaid. Buekbee &. Co. report the
• 1 oiktvir.g *ales :
Eobtbwest corner of Sacramento and Fill-]
nor* etreew, TS:€x:06:3. for $11,500. this being j
th* present location of a tranrh jxtstoffice and I
the garden cf a *on?t;' north line of Clay '
ftre«t. between Powell and Mason. - CSxfo:-.),
$r;00: east line of Baker -street 30 feet Bouth
from- Uotr.i-arti. CZx?i:3. 11000: for Sutro e^ta.e
Jielra. south* art cornet of L&ke and Second
avenues. 50x112:6. Jl^ 1 : CtW Wilson estate, U(n
Ijeavenwcrth street, .45:Cxi27:6. JSOOO.
• . * To Cut Up a Tract.
Rayrr.or.<5 & Baldwin announce that
they are about to cut up the Chadbume
Bunriaa block, bounded by Castro, Twen
ty-secend, Noe ar.d Alvarado streets. Into
forty-six lots, acd also the Excelsior
tract, bourded by Mission street and Lon
don. Brazil and Persia avenues, the lat
ter making fifty-two lots. They are also
up the work of road making and
bridpe buildln? to tirir.g Into the market
the Koes Valley Park tract and are plant-
Ing irtes alon^ the avenues.' Nine lots
fcave.bec-n sold.
Lyon & Hoag report the following re
cent sa>s:
licrm. Holier to Julias Eharr. lot 27:6x123. on
the south lire. of £;:::¦ etreet, xr::6 ea« of
latrzr&. V.Z.10Q. ¦with lmproi-eineT.ta consisting
ci a thrc*-«tory house, containing flat*; lot
tOxlK. with two-story brute, on the south elde
eT Ha.r.co«:k etreet. 1ZZ fc»t wwt of Sanchez.
54000. bo-JEt-.t by CtaHtai Musant; lot and im-
I>rovemcnt» on the west fide of Second avenue
175 feet north of Cleai^t «trr«t, Z>xU0, 12SJ0;
lot ar.d lmtrox-ementB or the west elde of Nor
folk street. US feet .- - .• :.¦ : .,t of Folsom fiO
K2&0; A. r. Conrad y t^ight the lot Z3xl~ 6 on
the north Pi-le of Bajrea «rett. S.1 feet east of
etrtner.- |»»; lot 37:6xy2:» on the Bouthwest
comer of Fillmore ani Union streets, a. cart of
the Plxlfy estate. StS'.T ; l^t 25x137 6 on th»
«outh Bide of Filbert ftreet, 212 feet east of
Ftelner. 1900. part cf the .I'lx'.ry estate- for XV
W. KedralU a r.fv hovire. IZ& San Enino ave
r.ue. JS600: tr> J. P. -Kcnetsky. Si7 Else" street
tr-m M. rriee. 521OT- ¦ street.
l/von & Hoag alt) hive. »oia three lots each
::xl00. on. th«.e«Juth Btt? cf ElKhteeath street.
7C, feet west of Mli^isstppt. at $>» each: a cor
r.t^T Jot. lixl&O. on the. Bouthwest comer of
J"i|rnie« nUi and illKiis-sirpl etreete. sold for
J12f*; lot ca the west- r.'de of Missouri street
IA feet «'.uth of Klght^nth. Sixioo. Bold i O r
I10C«. The purchaser, will erect a. two-story
fcewe, . : - :
Bovee. Toy.& Sonntap have sold prot>
<rt3cs as follows: • ,
N'orjh «de nt Minna ftreet. 212:8 fw>t from
Fourth, SSxSO feet, Patrick Goan to Fn;nk Mc-
Allister for SSfXXi; cast: side of Hroderlck
Mre»-t. 87:6 from Pine, 27:6x100 feet, with nlne
room house, from Mary I^agenia to S. N. Tur
fect. for JT7:^; lot on the east tide of Masonic
avenue. 7S U?(t nouth of Jara, SxlGO fe»>t. for
$j6*>, to M. Curtis; n6rrhwest corner of Hoff
avenue «md S<»venteeT)th- street, for J. J. Cro-w
.l*y to. Thomas F. Berry, for $££0; to Leon
I>* "ebrfie for S4K)0. Tot en the west clde of
T.:.-\ :. etreet, south of Chestnut: north «lde of
Eutter >«•»>•*. 64 fe*t *>»Et of Brodericfc, L',x\)
fe»>t. for $2>/0 to Itrb^cca. Gasque: lot on the
north eld* of fiar-rarnento etreet, 275 feet east
of First avenue, mfP'ttt] for 52)00.
Cetera People Are Undoubtedly
Looking: Tocrard Calif ornia. and
gaVrtng Xntezwst In, State's
Prospects.
Conditions Are Deemed Very
FtTorable by tht
Dealers. .
DOINGS OF WEEK
IN REALTY WORLD
WOOS MAIDEN
WITH A RAZOR
Dnsky Don Juan, Failing to
Capture Girl, Cuts Her
Clothes.
Menaces Her Walta Employer Will*
He Accomplishes Destruction of
Tronkf ul of Feminine
Finery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, March 2.
Charles Heath, colored, chased the col
ored servant of M. 8. Ayau through the
family residence at 2526 Hilleffass avenue.
Berkeley, this morning, and falling to
catch her slashed her wardrobe with his
raeor. holding the scandalized proprietor
of the houee at bay with the same trusty
weapon. H> told Mr. Ayau that If that
did cot sufSce he would blow the top of
his head off with hla revolver.
Heath la minus an eye, and emphasizes
this affliction a* a basis for shelter In the
Home for the Adult Blind on Telegraph
' avenue, utilizing the good eye In pursu
ing coy damsels and hla calling of oroom
peddler. He called at the Ayau dwelling
this morning and asked to see Fanny
Johnson, the maid of all work. He was
referred to the ba£k door, where he found
Fanny and engaged her In conversation.
The young woman related afterward that
her caller wanted her to fly with him and
be his own.
The young woman demurred to so sud
den an elopement, whereupon her ebony
edrairer ardently pressed his suit— so ard
ently, paid Fanny, that she thought prop
er to retreat. Heath vainly tried to soothe
her alarms with a loaded slx-ehooter, but
Fanny fled, Heath being a close second.
The master of the house, hearing
Charles and Fanny dashing about the
house to an accompaniment of crashing
bric-a-brac, ventured a protest. The
broom peddler turned his attention to
that gentleman and promised to carve
him to the queen's taste If he made him
self tco officious.
Then he went to the girl's room and cut
and tore Into shred* every piece of wear-
Ing apparel he could find. Hats, shoes.
towns and false hair were sacrificed to
the fervor of his fancy for Fannv.
Deputy Sheriff. Striker happe'ned upon
the scene and Interrupted the offering on
the altar of Venus "by gathering Heath
in and taking him off to jail. Later a
complaint was sworn to by Fanny John
son. "I Just raid $30 for one of them
cresses." she said.
CRAM'S ATLAS OF THE
WORLD.
The Coll is offering its read
ers the best atlas on the mar
ket for $1-50.
Call at the business offlce of
this paper and satisfy your-
self as to the merit of this of
fer. If you •want a really fin© j
book of reference it is impos
sible to secure a book to equal
Cram's Atlas of the World.
Cram's Atlas is the best and '
most reliable atlas published \
in America. Do not order any •
other •work until you have '.
carefully examined The Call's •
premium atlas and fully sat- \
isfied yourself as to its vast .
superiority over any other •
atlas. 1
By purchasing in large •
quantities we are enabled to *
offer all Call readers this su- •
perb book of reference for the *
small sum of §1.50, or about '.
one-fifth of the regular sub- •
Bcription price. *
sion blocks, a portion of the Pratt estate,
yesterday, under direction of George II.
Buckingham, referee. The prices ob
tained were as follow?:
Irr^rular lot fronting 1S5 feet en west line
Of Harrii«on street, between Army etreet and
Srp^ntine avenue. $1000; irregular block front
ing 2fO f»et 3 inches on Army street, with
a d>V'th of SS feet on Alabama street to ITi
feet on Harrison. $1450: irregular block front
ing rS4 feet 5S Inches on the east line of Har
rison etre«M, 100 feet 3 Inches on Army street.
K2 fe*t 5 Inches on Alabama street and 133
Jwt on Preclta avenue. 11300; triangular
lot reaching to east line of Howard
itreet. between Twenty-thrM and Twenty
fourth. 74 feet wide In rear. IK feet 6 inehe«
<n south line and facing the right of way on
Han 3cm» railroad, JilO; corner fronting 73 feet
I inches on west line of Treat avenue, with
a depth of 122 feet 6 inches on north line of
Twenty-sixth street to rear street and fronting
OarneM Square, $I9r.O; irregular lot fronting Hu
*> -¦ t on oast line of Alabama street and 103
f*-et on Florida street, and also on Serpentine
avenue, $1^,50; irregular lot fronting 73 feet on
west line of Alabama street and Serpentine
avenue, with a depth of ICO feet, narrowing to
20 feet in the rear. $700.
A. M. Sp*»ck ras purchased the property
on the north '.ine of Sixteenth street, be
tween Castro and Noe streets, the lot
being 25 by 11". with two flats on it, from
Charlotte H. Foulkes. for J4S00.
Henry P. Sonntag has bought for an In
vestment a water lot at the northeast
rcrner of Oregon and Front streets. 30 by
Ci fe^t with a two-story and basement
building thereon, for $13,000.
Balfour, Guthrie & Co. have purchased
the Interest of the Home Fire and Insur
ance Company in the three-story brick
building on the north line of California
street, 43:6 feet east from Sansome. The
price is reported to have been about
JiO/.M).
New Telephone Building.
The Pacific States Telephone and Tele
graph Company has contracted for the
concrete walls, pumping, and twisted iron
work for a building on the lot bounded
by New Montgomery, Natoma and Minna
etreets.
A. Busalachi will build a three-story
and basement frame building on the
south line of Bay street, 22:11 feet west
from Mason.
Anna T. F. Gray has contracted for a
two-story and attic frame building on the
east line of First avenue, north from
Clay, to cost $4359.
C. W. Haufe will erect a three-story
frame building to contain six flats on the
north line of McAllister street. 112:6 feet
west from "Webster, at a cost of $13,200.
The cost of the four-story hotel build
ing to be erected by Ella and Maurice
Schmltt on the northwest corner of Sutter
and Gough streets will exceed $16,000.
H. H. Young has let contracts for the
construction of a two-story residence,
with attic and basement, on the south
west corner of Vallejo and Stelner streets
which indicates a cost of about $18,000, for
brick, ptone, carpenter, glass and plumb-
Ing work.
James Mearns will plac* a three-story
attic and basement frame building on the
west line of Cole street, 100 feet north
from Page, to contain three dwellings.
Contracts have been awarded by Amelia
E. Sherman and Elizabeth K. Dana for
a two-story basement and attic frame
building on the north line of Pacific ave
nue, 242 :C feet west' from Gough Street.
The cost wtH approximate $12,000.
Andrea Sbarboro will build a new resl
dence'for himself at Asti. Sonoma County.
A. F. Nelson will erect three flats on
the northwest corner of Hartford street
and Eighteenth avenue.
Elizabeth Taylor will put up a two-story
frame buildlnz on the southeast corner
of Myrtle avenue and Laguna street, to
cost $4500 approximately.
Anna M. Wulzen has leased a room for
a branch postofflce In a building on the
south line of Seventeenth street, between
Castro and Collingwood, for five years at
the rate of $4£0 per annum, or $2-100 for the
term.
BERKELEY. March *.— The university
"co-ed" Is ¦willing to adopt co-education
In its general features, but when it come*
to some of the masculine details sha
draws a hard, sharp line. The members
have drawn one of these lines at a Co-.
ed Rooters' Club. Collars, ties, shirti
and shoes have been adopted from the
wardrobe of the steener sex- basket ball
was adopted from the football of th«
boys; organization;*— boating, athletic, lit
erary and social— were formed. Just like
those of their brothers and other sirla'
brothers ; but whfn It came to a Rooters'
Club, to b^ composed entirely of th©
gentler and generally Imitative sex the
girls balked. They could stand for much
that savored of bratvn.buf when It carae
to brawn of the voral chords it became
too much for even the feminine courag*
of Berkeley. . • " • :
The. plan originated with th«* Associated.
Wom»n Students, an organisatior that
has done much to advance th? co-ed in
terest In athletics and orgaptzatlnn. It
was proposed that a fem'ale Rooters'
Club, attached, to the Sports and Pastimes
Association, would be very nice.' and that
the club -might do like the Rooters' CTv«t»
attached to the football. ?e?ison— cheer th«
hearts of the basket ball team on to vic
tory.as the souls of. the football men are
supposed to be <-"hWred to victory in the
days of- the great intercolles^ate Kame.
So the girls, went to worfc; just as the
boys did last fair. Th*>y selected a yeil
leader in the rersdri of Miss Marguerite
Scott, and Miss Scott, was delegated to
organize her assistants. - . - ••- ".'¦¦
Notices were put tn the college paper*
and the dally papers that the roll would
be op?n for signatures in various parts ; of
the collese building?. ¦¦ -•'.--.-• "¦¦ ¦<'••" °
Then the young- ladies wa!te<4 for their
companions "with strong lunga.and strons
minds to sign. ¦ ': .-. ! - : =. : •: " •;
The." rolls remained open for Several
weeks, and an. even half-dozen signed, :
N.ow tbe rolls have been destroyed an«t:
the Sports and ' Pastimes. Association is
corjsldrlng a proposlton • to brlns . Carrie
Nation out as a special "rooter" for the
basket ball: team.' They are holding out
the bait to Mrs. Nation that thsre i ara
sundry "blind, tiger?" in Berkeley's mile
umit. : . .:.¦¦• -¦ ••;. ;.;.:¦; .•¦/
but Will Not Shout on
the Bleachers.
They Are Willing to Go In for Ath
letic or Literary Organizations,
Pair Students Draw the Lim
on a Novel but Undig
fied Scheme.
NO ROOTERS' CLUB
FORM CO-EDS
IN A TERRIFIC EXPLOSION
CORDES' LIFE PASSES OUT
Aged Alameda Manufacturer, Killed by Giant Powder,
Is Supposed to Have Committed Suicide.
THE SAX FRANCISCO ' CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, l»01."
25
OCEAN TBAVEIi. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j« Steamers leave Broadway
bfa wharf. San Francisco:
pgte. Fcr Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
sS^hk. March 2. 7. V. 17. K. 27. April
Mfey^fv* 1^ L Change to company 1 •
PvK'WSA stfiraTs at Seattle.
' !<v&.5SS| >»i*i For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! fiBS < jjO3*?au C.). Port Tovrniwnd, Seattle.
t^f-SS^aii Tacoma. Everett. Anacorfs
~^^aOl and New Whatcom <Wa*h->—
11 l tn.. March 2. 7, 12. 17.
22. 27, April 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka., numboldt Bay— S p. m.. March
4. 9. 14. i9. 24, 29, April 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. "
For San Diego." stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
jr.le,,)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, ? a. m. :
steamer Panta Rosa. Sunday*. 5 a. m.
For Panta Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford <Pan Luis Oblspo). Gavi-
ota. ' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. j 8an
Pedro. Ea«>t Pan Pedro (Los Angeles)- and
Newport — Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. :
Steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 n. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Pan Jcse tiet
Cabo Mazatlan. AHata. La Fa«. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
«t*amers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without nr*vious nntlce. •
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street fPalnce Hotel). • •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts...
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMKRS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. in. .
CADE $12 First Class including Berth
lAnC $8 Second Clasi and M«als,
COLUMBIA sails Mar. 4. 14. 24. Apr, i
OEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 9. ». 29. Apr. »
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In th« Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ;
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 Montgomery at.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 o. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fcr
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS AMERICA MARU.... Friday. March 15. 1X1
SS HON'GKOXO MARU. -Tuesday. April 3. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May S. 1X1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofQcs..
421 Market street, -corner First.
W. II. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R.R.HSS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. $105 : Steerage, 840.
5. S. St. Paul sails Wednesday, Mar. 6.
5. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 10.
6. S Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot of Lombard st., at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 33) Market st.
>. T. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
OCEAN TRAVEL. . V . ..
- ¦ . "Will Dispatch Steamer ¦ ¦ •
. OREGON
— FDR '.
NOME
¦ Vis; Kat mat. ¦ ¦
MARGH5th.
For Inforrnatlon Apply to ¦•• ",'¦-
WHITE STAR STEAMSHIP CO.. .
. • Union Block. Seattle. ¦ • •'
: — Or — -
SSt Market .St., Room *•• S-. V. .
AMERICAN LINE.
• nT TOME. SCCTHAXPT05, LOJTDOS. 7ABZS. '
Stopping- at Cherbourr. ' westbound. •
From New Tbrk Every Wednesday at 13 a. m.
St. Louis.. .,... .Mar. l3|St. Louis.. ..:.:. April 3
New Tork Mar. 2C|Xew Tork...:. .April tn
Vaderland ......Mar. 171 Vaderlahd : ..,.. April 11
. RED. STAR L1N2. :
Umw York and Antwar*.
¦ From New Tork Every Wednesday, l£ Xoca. .
Weateroland ...Mar. Ml Friesland April t
Kenatnrton ....Mar. 20 Soathwark ....April iJ
Noordland Mar. 27l Weaterland .'...April It
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. - TATLOK. General Agent.
Pacific" Const. .30 Montgomery st..
oceanics.sxo,ss
SS. SIERRA, for HonoluW, Samba, New
Zealand and Australia '.
-...'..^...Widnesday. ' March 8, 3 p. aa.
"SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.".„. .'.'Wednesday.- March 13. * p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only*
....: -Saturday. March 18, 2 p. m.
I D.SP2EHELS k BHOS. 60., Cthera! Jlasnts. 327 Harttt SI
Bta'l toangr Otto, 813 torfct St.. Pig »o. 7, Hefc St
PACI7I0 STEAM HA7I8ATI0H CO. AND
C0MPASIA SCD AXXKICA3A SZ YAF03Z3
To -Valparaiso, stopping at : Mexican. Central ¦
tad South American, ports. Sailing:
SB.- COLOMBIA i, March 1.1301
SS. TIXAPEL ~ , March 20. 1301
83. AREQTTIPA -April 4. 1901
SS. LJMARI ;....:. ..April 17. 19C1
At 12 m. from Section 2, Seawall.
These steam-m are bullr expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
pasaenser office. tlS California «treet
BALFOUR. GCTirRIE & CO.. Agents.
COMPAGSTIZ QSXXHAL5 TKA33ATLAXTIQT73.
DIRECT LINE TO" HAVRE-PARIS.
Sallins tverr Thursday. Instead of «C»323
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier C. -T*W«9K
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre. $25 and upward. Second class to
Havre H3 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway < Hudson buildlnc). New Tork. J.
F FTTGAZI A CO., Pacific Coast Agents. $
Montgomery avenue. Fan Francisco. Tickets
sold by *M Railroad Ticket Agents. .
BAY AND BIVEH STT3ATYTTCRS.
"^toTuTsTnavy yard and vallejo.
. Steamer "'Monticello.** .
MON-. Tues., Wed., Thnrs. and Sat. at l:«s
a m.. J:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 3:30: Sundays. 13:30 a. m.. I
p. m. Laadlcg and office. Mlsilcn-itrwt Dock.
; pier No. 2. Telethons Mala ISM-
Old oge commands respect— except la
poultry and Jokes. ->-f
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved L&e Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
_^^^ We answer the
¦&OC^^^ftk<> Questions briefly. If
x**^"* <5 3d». you cut an artery
/ '^WS2*Pl in your arm you do
/ -V^JM not - tak e Internal
Jt&* >e>*2ISMv# medicine to stop tho
/*?"¦ fx*rftl8t flow of hlood. YOU
V\ fliS ?4«f7 USE LOCAL AP-
r\ Wi^^W- PLICATIONS. Slm-
/ r }T Harly when tho ure-
"C54r thral ducts become
.^K /\lSjfl$(t*^ weakened and re-
Iaxed ll is ridicu-
.^ag^JU^t^ar i ous to. take lnter-
• ' nal treatment,
which must pass through the stomach
and urine before it reaches the seat of
disease. The seminal ducts project into
the urethral canal through the Prostate
Gland, arid are easily reached by LOCAL
TREATMENT.
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble
Bougies will dissolve, digest and "forever
remove
. Urethral Stricture
In 15 days, without pain, injury or incon-
venience. The bougies are Inserted at
night and act while you sleep. "Gran-
Solvent" removes every symptom of stric-
ture, leaving the canal as healthy as when
nature formed It. No BRUTAL CUT-
TING OR DILATING. NO INJECTIONS
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE. NO
INTERNAL DRUGGING TO RUIN THE
STOMACH. The St. James treatment is
local, direct and positive.
The St. James treatment Is prepared In
the form of Crayons, very narrow
smooth, flexible and wholly soluble, which
are Inserted Into the water passage at
night, where they dissolve and deposit the,
medication in Its full strength upon the
Prostate Gland, contracting and strength-
ening the ducts and FOREVER STOP-
PING DRAINS A>TD EMISSIONS and
curing while the patient sleeps.
Varicocele.
Varlcocele is an accumulation of slujr-
glsh blood In the veins of the scrotum
due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
has Its origin in a diseased and torpid
Prostate Gland. Operations In this dis-
ease are only temporary, and no me-
chanical device yet discovered has cured
a slnele case. Gran-Solvent heals the
Prostate and restores healthy circulation
Varlcocele disappears -and the sluggish
accumulation Is replaced by pure,
healthy red blood.
Thousands of men strictured, weak,
wasting and despondent were cured and
restored by the St. James method last
year. A' vast army of men In whom the
light of life has penetrated the fearful
nightmare of stricture and seminal de-
cay.
Space will not permit a complete description of the incompar- mma nk agasa ——
able St. James Treatment in urethral diseases Every sufferer WT^ HTl B^ gK
from Stricture and Its offspring, Prostatitis and Seminal Weak- B | | I H
ness should write to the St. James Association, 2:4) St. James R- WmZ. fa B9
Hldg.. Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful illustrated work show- ¦" W^ W^ Jr
Ing the parts, of the human system involved In urethral all- ¦ BBS H
ments. which they will send securely wrapped In plain package, ¦ ¦ I I-L
St. James Assn., 250 St. James Block, Cincinnati, O.
Sales £t Auction.
S. P. Middleton auctioned 'off some Mis-Mrs. S. R. Hall. 10 Kearny street, an
nounces xhe spring opening of French pat
tern hats and latest Parisian, novelties
Thursday and Friday, March 7 and 6. No
Card-. ••
Daughters of St. George.
Mesdames" G. Muhlner. A. Price E
Goss, J. Cebra. J. Davis, M. McAdams'
Norrington and S. Clack and • Miss M.
Ball have been appointed a eommitteo
from Britannia Lodge of the Daughters
of St. George to arrange for an entertain
ment and dance In Pythian Castle on th«
nieht of thel&th Inst.
What Women Don't Know.
When buying furniture In stores which
Elve al! the time you want many goods
they buy are second-hand on account of
the great bulk beinsr taken back by not
being all paid for, therefore in those
houses old furniture Is being- repolished,
blankets and carpets recleaned and sold
as new. The Pattosien Comany warns the
public to look out and not be fooled. This
being the last week of the great challenge
sale, which has proven one of the greatest
furniture vales ever known in this city, we
shall make this the banner week and give
Etill better bargains In every artlcle.in the
house, so that the public shall remember
we well earned the name of being the
lowest priced house In high-grade furni
ture and carpets. The Pattosien Company,
corner of Sixteenth and Mission streets. •
FIEST AMERICAN WEDDING
• ON IEIiAND OF GUAM
Charles Stimpson, Formerly oi This
City, Marries a Comely Widow
From Port Townsend.
Th« transport Pennsylvania brings the
news of the first white marriage In Guam
since the. American navy took possession
of the island. Charles Stimpson, manager
of tho Western Trading Company's sta
tion on the island, was in San Francisco
last year. He formerly resided on Pu
get Sound, where he met a comely
widow at Port Townsend named Mrs. K
Price. He proposed and was accepted
Soon after he started for his island home
to prepare an abiding place for hl3 bride.
December last Mrs. Price left here on tha
traxeport which was taking Father Xlc-
Kinnon back to his labors in the Philip
pines. Such a thing as a marriage license
had never been heard of in Guam, so the
ceremony had to* eo on without one.
Father McKinnon performed the cere
mony In the presence of the entire ship's
crew and passengers. All hands were in
vited ashore to a feast prepared by Mr.
Stimpson In anticipation of the event.
Young Men's Institute.
A number of the interior councils ob
served the anniversary of the birth of
Washington by appropriate exercises.
The council recently instituted in Hon
olulu, H. I., has been designated as Da
xnien No. K3, the one at Crescent City
as Del Norte No. nd and one in this city
as Salesien No. 565.
St. Vincent Council of Petaluma had an
open meeting on the 19th which was fol
lowed by a banquet.
Supreme President Klerce and Grand
Trustee Dollard recently, visited the coun
cil in Salinas, the one in Castrovllle and
the one in San Luis ObJspo.
Columbia Council has appointed 'Dr. T
H. Smith. .William O. Patch. D. F. Mur
phy. E. H. Torpey and C. A. Drury as Its
eood of the order committee to prepare
entertainments for the members.
Friday and Saturday, March 8 and 9.
Easter harmonies in Parisian headgear;
also finest American designs. Our models
this yeaT are particularly elegant, so the
display will be very attractive. We shall
appreciate your attendance. Madame
Alma K. Keith, SOS Market street. Phelan
buildinjr. •
Keith's Grand Opening
filed an action for divorce and on "Febru
ary 23. 1901, the decree was granted. Now
they wish to ag-aiu marry, they aver. but.
contrary to the provisions of section C3 of
the Civil Co<lf>, they have been refused a
license by the County Clerk. In conclu
sion they ask that a decree be issued out
of the court compelling the County Clerk
to to«Ufl the license forthwith.
When Mr. and Mrs. Meinhold applied
for a license the Fame was refused them
on the ground that compliance with their
request would be in violation of section Cl
of the Civil Code, which reads:
A subsequent marriape contracted by any per
son during the life of a' former husband or
wife cf such prTFon. with any perscn other than
such fcrirer husband or wife, is illegal and
void from jhe begrinning, unless:
Th<» former marrlaRc has been annulled or
dissolved: provided, that in case lt be dis
solved the decree of divorce must have been
rendered nnJ made at least or.e year prior to
such su'jse^uent marriage.
l"nless such former husband or wife was ab
wnt. and not known to such person to be liv
ing for the spare of five successive years im
mediately preceding such subsequent marriage,
or was generally reputed or believed by eueh
person to be detid. at the time such subse-
In either of which cases the subsequent mar
rlajre ls valid until its nullity is adjudged by a
competent tribunal.
It Is the consensus of. legal opinion that
Sir. and Mre. Meinhold will win their
point.
JESUITS WILL OPEN HI5SI0N TO=DAY
Mr. and Mrs. Meinhold are not trying,
either of them, to contract marriage with
other than "a former husband and wife."
They were former husband and wife and
under this statute, which prohibits the
remarrying- of divorced persons within
one year from the date of the issuance
of the decree, other than the remarriage
of "a former husband and wife." they
claim the right to a license -within this
State. The case has been assigned to
Judge Seawell for hearing. Before goinc
to Nevada to again become husband and
wife Mr. and Mrs. Meinhold will await
the opinion of the court. In the meantime
their baby boy will continue to ask his
mother for "papa."
Bter Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Cleansing and Life" and in
the evening on "Pilgrims' Progress."
The Rev. John Hemphill of Calvary
Presbyterian Church preaches this morn-
Ing. In the evening W. A. P. Martin will
discuss "Affairs in China."
The Rev. William Rader of the Third
Congregational Church wijl preach both
morning and evening. His morning ser
mon will be devoted to the subject. "The
Irreparable Past." In the evening he will
discuss "The Wreck of the Rio."
The Rev. CSeorge c. Adams of the First
Congregational Church will preach this
morning- on "What Is the Church?"
"Man" will be the topic of discussion
this mornfng by the members of the First
Church of Christ. Scientist.
The Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Bap
tist Church will preach this morning on
"Lest We Forget" and in the evening on
"Every Christian Preacher."
"Ho-w to Make Life a Song."
The Rev. F. K. Baker of the First M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"Willing tf. Wait, but Ready to Go." and
in the evening en "How to Make Life a
Song."
The Rc-v. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Working Out Our Salvation" and in the
evening on "Our Upward Calling."
The Rev. A. C. Bane of the California
street M. E. Church will preach this
morning on "What the Twentieth Cen
tury Church Should Be" and in the even
ing he will discuss "The Kind of Men
Needed for These Times and These Is
sues."
The Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the How
ard M. E. Church will speak on "The
Glory of California Promoted by the Gos
pel" and In the evening his subject will
be "For Thirty Pieces of Silver."
The Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, pastor of
the Central M. E. Church, will preach this
morning on "Through the Kingdom" and
in the evening on "What Shall We Be
lieve and How Much Shall We Believe?"
The Rev. W. M. Woodward of the Ep
worth M. E. Church will address the con
gregation of the Grace M. E. Church this
evening on "The Savior of. Men."
R. H. Webster, Superintendent of Pub
lic Schools, will address an educational
meeting in the old Starr King A- M. B.
Zion Church. &05 Stockton street, this
evening on "The School la Its Relation
to Higher Life."
« BABY'S dliapled hand Is reaching !
out to ccaiu join those of its pa- I
f— '.\ rents la lawful wedlock, but the
Ji J_\ law. as c<>:islrueii by ex-Judpe
Edward A. Belcher andjudg?
James M. TmMtt. says "no." Four months
I'.pn. piqued by hrr husband's treatment j
tit her, Mrs. Anna McJrihold filed an action j
for divorce from Frederick Meinhold. She
alleged cruelty as cause of action, claim
ing that her hushand had refused her a
] ¦¦hysScian when fhe was ill and had ag
gravated her Infirmity by flourishing a
revolver and threatening her life. The
rase was hrtird and Mrs. Meinhold, in I
addition to a decree of divorce, teas I
awardod the custody of her baby boy. I
Freddie Mernhold, who had Just passed j
his f-eoond >ear.
The separation of the parents was not
understood by this t:rry iad. Frr-q-yently
l;:s father wouM-call and fondle him and j
then would li'avo without seeing the
mother. Ms fcrmor wife. Finally Mrs. |
Udfibold. who resides at llf*4 Treat uve- j
r.ue. told her former husband that Baby
Freddie often asked' for "papa." Mein
fco!d's determination to effect a reconcili
ation v.as strengthened by this news and
afior an explanation and exchange of
confidences he secured the conseut -of his
fof-mer wife lo esaln join him in mar
riage.
A lew days ago Mr. and Mrs. Meinhold
appeared before "Cupid" Dar.forth and
ii|iplied for a marriage license. They ad- j
nutted that they had been divorced withirt
a year and because of this admission a j
license was refused them. Upon the sug- j
£e6tion of an attorney they decided to
apply to the Superior Court for a writ
of mandate to compei the County Clerk
:o is.^ue them a marriage license, that
they mipht acrain become husband and
wife ar.d start -ifc-'s journey anew for the
take of their child.
The petition for a writ of mandate was j
fiied yesterday. Therein they aver that j
they became husband and wire on April 27.
>y7; on November 12, 1909, Mrs. Meinhold '
Jesuit fathers will open a mission In St-
Mary"*> Cathedral to-day. The important
services will begin at the 11 o'clock high
mass ar.d will continue for two weeks.
Tiie Revs. Marshal Boardman and Eu
gene Magevny will conduct the mission.
The exercises of the mission will be for
all. Neither week will be exclusively for
men or women. The daily order of ex
ercises is as follows : 5:30 a. m., mass and
ehort instruction; 9 a. m.. mass and ser
mon; 3 p. ra., children's mission or sta
tions of the cross; 7:30 p. m., rosary, ser
mon and benediction. Confessions will be
heard until 12 o'clock noon and from 3 p.
ra. until 11 p. m.
The religious exercises held during Lent
»t £t. Mary's Cathedral under the aus
pices of the Calvarian Society will be the
occasion of il 5pecial fermon this after
neon by the R<n\ Robert Sesnon. who will
preach rn "The Desolation of Jesus."
There will also be "The Way cf the
Cross" and benediction. Other than mem-
V'C-fs of the society can attend the ser-.
vices. •
The Rev. Arthur H. Brlggs will address
the mass meeting' for men only to-day at
the. Young Men's Christian Association
Auditorium.
"Every Man a Prophet."
The annual praise service of Simpson
Uerr.oiial Church will be held this even
ing. A special programme has been ar
ranged.
The Rev. Frank S. Ford of the First
Christian Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "Every- Man a Prophet" ar.d in the
evening on "Almost Lost.''
. The Rpv. H. H. Bell, pastor of the First
T.'nlted Presbyterian Church, will preach
this morning on "Helped of the Lord"
and In the evening on "Dedication and
Assurances."
The Rev. Bradford Loavitt will preach
to the congregation of the First T.'nltarian
Church on "The Way of Salvation."
The Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westmin-
Special Services Are to Be Held in St. Mary's
Cathedral by the Fathers.
DIVORCED MAN AND WOMAN* AND THEIR CHILD. PARENTS SEEK
WRIT OF MANDATE TO COMPEL THE ISSUANCE OF A LICENSE
ENABLING THEM TO REMARRY.
Mrs. J. Young. Mrs. Captain Reed. Mrs.
L. Levy. Miss Manning. Miss C. Doyle,
Mrs. Westover, Mrs. H, S. Scott, Mrs.
H. Stratford, Miss Baul, Miss M. Lawler,
Mrs. J. Lawson.
The many San Francisco friends of
Mr. and Mrs. O. Sinz of Oakland, gave
them a very merry surprise party on
* riday evening, February 22, In honor
of their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary.
A very pretty silver set with many other
costly pieces were presented by the fol
lowing: Mr. and Mrs. R. I>. Nougaret of
Oakland. Mr. and Mrs. F. Riedy. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Arney, Mrs. Gardiner. Mrs. Wer
ner, Mrs. Havalcke. Mrs. Timms, Miss
Mae Gardiner. Miss Louise Brandt. Mjss
Anie Arney, Miss Pauline Nougaret. Miss.
Matilde Faessiar, Miss Laura Sinz, Mr.
Elmer Sinz. Miss Lulu Slnz, Mrs. Clem
ens. Mrs. Hohnke.
On Saturday evening, February 23, Mr.
and Mrs, A. J. Sullivan entertained the
members of tho Golden Gate Outing Club
at their residence, 1056 Folsom street,
with music, refreshments and games. The
home was beautifully decorated with
palms and flowers. They were assisted
in entertaining by Miss A. Schuffle. Miss
L. Waite and Miss W. Sands. Among
those present were Mr. and Mr% J. A.
Dunlcavy. Mr. and Mrs. E. Clement Miles,
Mr. and Mrs. C. O'Brien JMIss D. E. Hay
den. Miss B. Glass, F. A. -Driscoll, James
Dunleavey. . Bert Hennessey. Charles
Healey. John O'Brien. Jarries O'Brien. T.
Maroney, J. Keegan. John McGlennon, B.
Flaherty, L. p. Guedet, J. Jordan, D.
Creedon and Thomas Priest.
Mrs. Johansen gave a party at her resi
dence, 1100 Green street, Sunday evening,
February 10. Dancing and singing were
the features of the evening. Mr. Duffy,
the famous Irish jig dancer, favored the
guests with hornpipes and jigs. The
rooms were beautifully decorated with
smllax and lilies of the valley. Supper
was served at 11:30 o'clock. Among those
present weM Mrs. Johansen, Mr. Minnl
han. Miss May Bailey. Dan McCarthy.
Mr. and Mrs. McLeod.'Mrs. O'Doul, Mart
Coughlan, Mr. Duffy Miss Maggie Ste
vens, Mr. Piguillan, Miss Daly, Mr. Fer
gus. Miss Malone, George Stevens, Tom
Polkinghorn, Masters Bertie, Oliver and
Harold Johansen, Mr. and Mrs. Collins
and Mr. and Mrs. Inkes.
In the Future.
The Sero Club has issued invitations for
a grand masquerade ball to be held at
Saratoga Hall on Saturday evening.
March 16.
The fourth monthly concert and dance
given by the First Regiment Infantry
band will be held at the regimental arm
cry, Page and Goug-h streets, on Tuesday
evening, March 12.
Mr. and Mrs. K. Oppenheimer will cele
brate their silver wedding March 17.
Reception from 2 to 5 o'clock at their
residence, 1105 Golden Gate avenue. '
The second " reception of the season
given under the auspices of the ladies of
the tJeutscher Club will take place at
Golden Gate Hall Thursday evening,
March 14.
Sailed Away.
Among those sailing on the steamship
Maripcsa for Honolulu on Saturday, Feb
ruary 23. were: Miss C. L,. Abbott, Mlsg
L. Armsby, C. Arper, K. Atkinson, Mrs..
S. M. Ballou. S. T. Berry, C. A. Bisbee,
Mrs. II. Blood, F. J. Calef, Miss A. Coop
er. Mrs. W. Coroy, H. Corey, William
Corey, Miss C. Crossby, Madame A, Do
lores, R. M. Dooly, W. R. Douglas and
wife.* J. J. Dunne, Mrs. E. S. Eisenbeise,
T. M. Fereueon, J, C. Flanders. P. Ger
son, -James Glenn, Mrs. E. Graf. J. II.
Gray and wife. Miss McJ. Gray. Miss E.
Gregg, H. Gutzeit and wife, F. C. Hajidy
ami wife, Mrs. J. A. Hassinger. Miss N.
F. Hawley, J. A. Heineberg and wife, P.
Henderson, Miss M. Howe. H. S. Hull and
wife, H. W, Johnson, Jx>uis Kenake, R.
Kirk, E. K. Lindsey, J. M. Longnecker
and wife. Miss E. May, J. I,. McComb,
Miss W. McDonald. J. D. McKenzie, E.
W. Mercer and wife. Miss C. Mercer, C.
Montair.e, C. Moore, J. Morris, William
Morris, Miss F. Mulfanti, Mrs. H.' Nahao
lelua and infant, Paul Neumann, It. New
ell, John Pedroia. Captain Petty, Mrs. G.
P. Rexford, O. X. Reynolds, Miss Flor
ence Roberts. S. Robertson, Miss S. Ro
setta, F. Ruddick, Mige M. Shanahan,
Miss E. F. Smith, J. II. Smith, Colonel
G. C. Stone. H. L. Taft. Miss I. M. Taft,
Madame Vandour. i M. L,. Virden, J. J.
Voegtly, Miss Voegtly, Mrs. M. Wichman
and child. t
Personals.. j
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Roemer ana family
are again occupying their cottage in
Eastland, Mill Valley, for the summer
season, and will be pleased to see their
friends every third Sunday of the month.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry. Simon have re
turned from their wedding trip and they
will be pleased to receive their friends in
their nfcw home, 40Q2 Twenty-third street.
Mr. and Mrs. S. N. Wood have returned
from their Eastern trip after an absence
of five months.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Sellg, accompanied by
their son, Leonard, and their daughter,
Hazel, have left for a trip to Los Angelea
and the surrounding country.
Mrs. John Lublxm has discontinued her
days "at home."
Mr. and Mrs. James Lawrence (form
erly Schroeder) have returned from. Mon
terey and will be at home to their friends
during the month of March at 3230 Twen
ty-third street.
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Bearwald of 1253
Eddy street announce the confirmation of
their son, Lawrence, at the Geary-street
Temple on Saturdav, March 2.
SOCIETY
/£^Z^—^ HE first week of Lent passed
r quietly and decorously as be
//¦• 1 fits the season. Society these
IV I . calm days is making^ ready for
\^— **y the summer exodus which this
-year will probably take place
long before summer dawns.
After Lent there are to be many happy
Easter wedding bells and then the tents
will be folded and all will quietly slip
away.
TWO MEN AND A WOMAN
CHARGED WITH THEFT
They Are Accused of Stealing Arti
cles and Selling Them as
Job Lots.
They're Engaged.
The engagement of Miss Belle Mills and
J. Sefkovich is announced.
Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Cassel announce
ths engagement of their daughter.
Ernestine, to James Kregan. They will
be pleased to receive their friends on Sun
cay. March 3, from 2 to 6 o'clock, at 1451
Geary street.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Hildebrand announce
the engagement of their daughter, Lil
lian, to John Staude.
" Wedding Bells.
The wedding of Peter Larson and Lo
retta McCartny ' took place Tuesday,
the 19th hist., at St. Mary's Cathedral.
Father Hannigan officiating. Miss Mollie
McCarthy, sister of the bride, was brides
maid and William S. McCarthy, grooms
man. After the ceremony a reception
was held at the bride's residence, 1120
Vermont street, only the relatives and "a
lew intimate friends being present, xur.
and Mrs. Larson left on the afternoon
train for the southern part of the State,
where the honeymoon will be spent. On
tneir return they will leave for Spokane,
Wash., Where they will make their tu
ture home. • ,
On February 22 Miss Ethel Hunt and
Harry Buchanan, both of Sydnoy, Aus
tralia, were married at the residence or
Mr. and Mrs. Louis McLane Jr.. St)6
Spruce street, this city. The bride is
well known in the colonies, having been
six years with Georgo Rignold & Co.
Mr. Buchanan is better known by his
stage name, Douglas Ancelon. The Rev.
John Hemphill performed the ceremony.
Miss Kittle Kennedy of 16 Ford street,
.this city, was married in Los Angeles to
John E." Dodson by the Rev. Father Hen
nessey. Miss Kennedy is well known in
musical circles and has been the pianist
for the Ladies of the Grand Army for th*
past two years. .
On Tuesday evening, February 12, at
St. Mary's Cathedral, Victor H. Driscoll
and Miss May Magner were united In
marriage, the Rev. Father Dempsey ofli
ciating. Alter the ceremony the newly
wedded couple repaired to the home of
the bride's father, S»S2 Pine street, where
a bountiful supper was served. Ontri
day morning, February 15. Mr. and Mrs.
Driscoll took their departure on the
.steamer Walla Walla for an extended
tour of the north. Victor H. Driscoll is
the son of Captain Driscoll of the la
cific Mail Steamship Company and his
bride is the daughter of John T. Magner.
Home Gatherings.
Mr. and Mrs. Harris Cohn, 316 Jessie
street, gave a dinner party in honor of
the engagement of their daughter Hattle
and Jacob Turkmann on Sunday, Feb
rujiry 24. The dining room and parlors
were" handsomely decorated. Those pres
ent were: Miss Hattle Cohn. Jacob
TurKmann, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Cohn,
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Davis, Mr. and Mrs.
Harris Cohn, Mr. and , Mrs. I. Kemler,
Mrs. Hannah Cohn, Miss Celia Cohn.
Miss Anne Cohn, Jacob Cohn, W. Davis
and Milton Kemler.
On Saturday evening. February 13, the
many friends of Miss Pearl Byron gave
her a surprise party in the Mission Opera
Hall, 2131 Mission street, where the even
ing was pleasantly spent in listening tp a
short programme of songs, recitations
and fancy dancinp. At midnight all
marched to the banquet hall, where a fine
cold collation was partaken of amid many
jests and happy speeches. The guests of
the t-vening were: Misses Pearl Bryson,
H. Kramer, V. Kramer. K. Cavanaugh,
H. Muter, li. and I... Hollis, L.. Caldon, A.
Johnson, A. M. and M. McGill, S. Swan,
C. Vice. M. Miller, S. Barnum, M. and D.
McCaffery, U. J. and M. Davidson, B.
Jolley, E. Millard, K. Anderson, G. Ba
con L-. aird !>. Spinks, Masters L. S. Ba
con, S. Bryson, U Dygett, L. Davidson,
Master Kramer, Master Cassens, Master
Anderson. Mrs. Meiss, Messrs. Dygett.
H.Cassens. C. Halk, J. McKendry, t>.
Riley, M. Drew, T. Higgins, K. May, P,
Mcliuern, F. Monahan, T. Keanen, J.
Hackle, L.. Andrews, H. Kowe, T. Mc-
Keena J. Bocarde. It, Truett, Ed Perry,
W. Westerfleld, B. Johnson, P. Puzzono,
F. Miller, C Craiier, L. Lrovejoy, F. Gid
dings and H. Henderson.
On Saturday 'evening. February 22, at
Devisadero Hall, Jerome Hamilton enter
tained a number of his friends at a de
lightful dance, the occasion being the cel
ebration of his twenty-first anniversary.
There were twenty couples in the prom
enade and dancing was continued until
midnight. Those who participated in the
evening's enjoyment were; Jerome Ham
ilton, Sidney Hamilton, Rudolph J. Raetz,
Clemens Raetz. Fred Selk, Arthur de
Forrest, Walter Karstens, Joseph Brady, '
Ernest Wahlheim, J. P. Heideman',
Harry Dwyer, Guy Anthony, Dr. Manz,
J. Cusonevlch. William Kattleman,
Henry Prien, Henry Muller, Henry Bahl
man'. Henry Muhl, Richard Hammond,
Miss Estelle Se!k, Miss Emma Selk, Mi?3
Lotta Tietjen. Miss Etta Tietjen. Miss H.
Klein. Miss Carolyn Wreden, Miss Anna
Wreden, Miss Lizzie Jacobs, Miss Belle
Van Winkle, Miss Emma Buttenop, Miss
Freda M. Marquard. Miss Dora Offerman,
Miss Ella Muhl. Miss Etta Muller, Miss
Irraa Wanz, Miss Emma Prien, Miss
Maebelle Kattleman. Miss Mae Ham
mond, Miss Edith NicholB and Miss Gill.
Mrs. Payot g-ave a delightful card party
at her home, 406 Clayton street, on Wed
nesday afternoon. Miss Marie Lawlor
entertained the party with selections on
the banjo. Among those present were:
Henry Smith and Bert Wellington, alias
West, were booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detectives Harper and Arm
strong on two charges, one of grand lar
ceny and the other of petty larceny. Edna
Hughes, a woman who consorted with
Smith, was also booked on a charge of
petty larceny.
The two men are accused of stealing
from the office of TV. R. Hammond, 230
Slitter street, on February IS, about $150
worth of fancy glassware and silver
ware, and, together with the woman, of
stealing a fur cape, valued at $30, on Feb
ruary-26, from a fur store at 35 Post
street. Some of the articles stolen from
Hammond were found In a pawnshop,
whore they had been sold by.Smitn and
Wellington, and a pawn ticket for the
fur cap© was discovered under the mat
tress in a room occupied by Smith and
the woman in a lodging house on Mason
street.
The two men drove around the city
with a covered wat?on, disposing- of their
plunder and representing that they were
employed by Nathan, Dohrmann & Co. to
sell Job lots. The detectives want an
owner for a large quantity of braas'watch
keys which was found In . the room occu
pied by Smith.
Frederick and Anna Meinhold Sue County
Clerk to Compel Issuance of License.
LAW DENIES PARENTS
THE RIGHT TO REMARRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 11)01
26
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
PLEASURES of the.
PALATE
Plus ease and I
comfort are found >
on the * I
CALIFORNIA LIMITED I
oi the Santa Fe i|
It goes to Chicago ;|
in 3 days,«and it I
'¦', is no exagijepntion I
!; to say that such \
service has never >
before been I
equaled on any ;|>
railway train. '&
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. COi
LiBSSHB
SAfl FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
1 Tlburon F<rry> Foot of Market St
San Francisco to Son Rafael,
TIBTJRON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, 3:30,
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:M
p. m. ' Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11 :30 p. m.
SUKDAYS-8:00, 9:20, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 1:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
' San Rafasl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 930. 11:10 a. m.; 1J:*5,
S:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:64
and 6:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:«,
5:65. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
¦erne schedule as above.
Leave . I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Nov. 7, 1900. ( San Francisco.
AVeek I Sun- I < I Sun- I %Veek
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. ] Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 110:40 am 8:40 am.
J:!O pm 9:30 am Petaluma. I 6:03 pm 10:25 am
E:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
HealdBburr,
Lytton.
Oeyservlllo,
f :IO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:J5 pm 6:23 pm
7:80 ami' I Hopland I J
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:S0am| I 1 110:25 am
I 8:00 ami Guernevllle.l 7:35 pml
8:33 pm| I I I <J:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:13 am 8:40 am
S:10 pm 6:00 pml Glen Ellen. | 8:05 pm 8:S pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 amllO:!5 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm( Sebajtopol. { 7:3$ pm| 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Fprlnps and "White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AKrurJa: at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at'
Gcyservllle for Ska*;** Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for • Duncan
Siirlnirs. Highland Springe. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
tad Sprinsrs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Sprinss. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Deil Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Dayis. Riverside. Llerley' a. Buckneli's
Panhedrln Heights. HullvlUe. Git's Hot Sprints'
Mendocino City, Fort Brags. Westport, Usa.1*
WUlett*. Laytonville, Cummlnfc, Bell's Snrlns:»"
Harris. Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka. -
Saturday to Monday round>tNp tickets at re-
duced rates. . \ .
¦ On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market St., Chronicle build
Ing. R. X. RYAN,
H. C WHITINO, • Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager. •
RAILWAY TBAVEL,
MOtlTIIKKll |-A<lil«' lUKPANT.
(PAIiril! SVKTKM.t
Trains lm?r nml ar* dnt> la arrive 111
K4.X VUA NVtHVU.
(llaiii Ui.t. Foot of Uarket Street)
leatk — Feou March 1, 1901. — arritf
?:3OA.BeiiicU.-8nisun, KImira. Vua W,
KtimsfT ami nacrAiiieiiut , . TsSUr
T:3oa DaTl.-t, WoodT&nd. Knights L*ndiDj,
M»rj«fill«, «>ro»lll« . 7j.10f
7:3Oa AtUntlo V.x press— Opleri and Gut' 12:20?
»:Ot»A M»rti»f /.. Sau Uamuu, VitlJajo. X»(*.
r»li»tc K» »nil .S*iu» Uom 0:20>
8:«M»a KllfW, l-lvennorc, Ttj.cy, Lalhtov,
Stockton 7:SOr
8:3ttA Shiuta Kipreas -IhiU. Willlans (for
Kartlett Springs), Willows, KeU
Bluff, Portland. 7i30r
• in»A Sau Jose, LJfermore, ."Stockton,
lone, HaeraiMcuto.' PUerrTiUe,
M»r}i»i!li-, Cliico. Iteil Illuff 4tS«r
ft>ai»A Oak.Uir, Chim-se, honon. OArters... * iSOr
MtttOA IUywtrds, Niim *u«l S\*i HUtions. 1 1:50«
W:UOa Los Aogeles Eiiirois — .Martinnz,
Tracy, jjttlirop. Htnokton. Mcrerd
Frwno >n>l Los Ansa'es 7:2Qr
OiXOa Valltjo. MartliisianTWaf Butiom O:.TOi
I«iVOa The OrerliiKl Uxitttd-OeUeu, Den-
?er, OhiaU*. Chicago Ci-IOi
I 1:00a Nllra, Stociton, haoramento. Men* ¦ -
ilota. Frrsao, ilanford. Vlnlla. - '.
JVrterfillo «:S0i
lltOOA LlTcrmore. Sacfer. Oi*ht-a Juns-
Uon, Uakerirtfld. Los Angeks
fliOOr Nunauiriito JtWerHte-UMtwii f3iO0jk
3:OUr IUjK»rUn, Nilrs and Way fctatlims. »:t«r
4>«Or Martinez, Han lUm.m. Vallajo,-
Na|Mt, CalUtnua. Saiita lti«a 0:20*
4tOOr Utrulcla, Winters, 8aeram«nto,
U'uuillsm!. Knliilits l*u.lin«.
MurjHTlllr, OroTilla •»."*•.
4iSf>r Haywards, Mln and Han Joss f» ¦"*«*
S:OOi> Niies. LlTermora, SinckOn. Lodi ... IO:3«a
oSiOOr Uoaset lltulied. El Puo, i>
Orleans *nd Kut c19:30a
S:OOFTito Owl limited — Tracy. .Fraaao.
Uakersfleld, .Sa:i;i:s for Hauta Itar-
bara, Ix>s Auirnles. lOiSOt
BiOOpNew OrleaM Eipress-ltakersn.M,
Hantu Itarhara, IjOB Angfles, llem-
Inr. £1 Puo. Mew Orlraiis and
Kaat 7i»».
B:OOp Hartrarils, Kile* aud Han Jose 7inOt
tO.OOrVafleJo v lliAVi
OiOttrOrlenUl M*H-OgJrn, Chfjenno,
Omaha, Oliloifo ISiSOr
- •rOOr Orieutal. Mail— Ogtleo, Denvar,
Omaha. Chicago 4:2or
7i00r Otcs'm aud t.'a'lfiirui* KiprMui.Hae-
niiiiniitu. »larjmill!tf, ICoiMliig,
I'urtlntiii, I'uget Himml ami Kiui S:30a
StOSpSan Pablo, Port G'otta, Mirtlaei
and Way Slatloua 11:SO*
I»iO3r ValUjo 7;3Op
COAST DIVISION <Nnrro»» Uanse). . T-
-. (Foot of Market Street.)
s>i 13a Newark. ( J .Viit.r»Wlr..-i».i.lc»->. IVIton,
UoiilderCrrek.SantaOriiiand Way
Htatlotis e<3i>r
tatlBp Newark. CeiiterTlIle, San Jose, New
Almarten, tVlton. li.mMer (,'reek,
flaiita Crnz aud l'rlaclpal Way ' -
BtaLioiis ,. |liii.1ii<
4il»pNeirark. 8«n Job*, I*n Gatoa (. Hi.-»«»a
a0:30p Hunters' Exenrsion, SaaJoso and
W»yHt%tloc« ; • l7t*0r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
''•¦ SIR m»CISC0— r««t «f M.rt.t Slrt>t(SU> 1)—
t7:16 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:53 3:M 8:18p.m.
'rinOaUlB— r«l«{8ti«i«»T._t«:00 to 00 • t8.-05
10:O0».M. 12:83 t:C3 1:83 P.M.
COAST DITIXIO3 (lltoa-l (iai: B P).
f. (Third aiul Townteml SK) '
(OsIOa (keau View, Hwith M«n KraticUnu.. t'i'^wr
«:0<»ANan Jo»« nml Way HUU14M (New
AlmaUon We.l M ».J«,« only) liSOp
s.OO* Han,, J«, e . Trem 1>»ho«. M»»u <Ir««.
I**cil!c tiioie. I'aSrt UnUra. H*n
Luis OIiUimi, 8urf, LoAipoc and
1'rinctiial Way SUtlmis 4:l«r
I«:*Oa Ran .Iosb add Way Ktatloiis «i33a
tliaw* BM .loan »,,,1 Way .SUthrna O.UOp
f's'l-tpSan Malm, Uedwooi]. Menlo Park,
Pain Alto. Santa Clara, Mau.lune,
Tres Plnoa, hunt* <,'rii*, Baliuas, ..
Sloiiterryaiul I'acilie Orure |10t:t«»
t:t:3npSaa.Ioe«and Way Hta lions 7:ai»p
fl:ISr Sail Jofeaiul Principal Way Stations 0:15*
t~»sOttrSan Jew, Loa Oatoa and frinoipal
WayriUtlons fOiOOA
5tS0r San.iotean.lPriDClpanTsrSttUout W:3.1a
«:.1Op Sau Jose ami Way.Statinni fS:<»l» A
ill:4.',p aan Joaeaml Way Statlmia ?:3rjp
A for Morning. 1" for A (temoon.
t •i'Mnlay axeepted. I Sunday on'y.
if Monday*. WedacediyTS Fridtj».
c Twid < j-4, ThuMiUj-i, .Suadi yi.
a H-tlllT lnjr rml»- ¦ •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Siusilito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
iv. »n »»«n. *¦. san man.
5i!U:2:! WEEK AYS -I JSJ:£
4:00p. it.) Stay over nlghtat the taverx (.10.-3A a.u
SXO A. If.) f 1:00 P.M.
!&:£ SUNDAYS *»£«
1:13 p.m.) •¦ -."¦ ' I 5:55 pm'
Hare. San Francisco to Summit and Return SI. 40.
Ticket Offices. €21 Market St., A Sansnllto Ferry.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
1/ EARN Y AND WASHINGTON STS -RE-
"• modeled and renovated. KING, WAUD &
m-1 European plan. Rooms, 60c to |1 50 day
0 »* J week : W to |» month. Free baths: hot
ana cold water every room: flre rrates In ever*
room: elevator runs all nl B ht. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other racial blemishes are removed by
Ult. nod MhS. A. W. TKA VERSE. Donohoe
building, 1170 Market St., cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed : hours 1 to 4 p. ru.
. The greatest skin food and tissue builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Remove* wrinkles by making the Bkln Hrm.
It renders the skin soft. '
smooth, clear, white and T mmm ""^S^^T™ "™
youthful and cures Poison juj^LvVK
oak and Kczema. It is a
liquid. Any cream of tho
consistency of butter will J^&KfcV^V \;iV>/'
stimulate the growth of V*
hair on the face. Blah- «J%? j fi*A
jnan Toilet Cream Is i9tfi\ "wCjS^i^f
euaranteed not to do so. 1 '
Price COc. Hrahmaa -tTOWV&SSSi-^i'
Tooth I'owder, 25c. All r^^3&Lf%<$&''/2'!
druKglsts and at office of TrrwtminrmJia.ml
ti 7: I^^E^f 86. " tock • lww -
E : NEW STYLES
Straight-Front
CORSETS.
Sapphire, Bon Ton and
Royal Worcesters.
PRICES: $100 ta $15.00
per pair.
6 GEARY ST..
CORNER KEARNY.
CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
Royal Worcester Corset-
FittinB Parlors.
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know .
about the wonderful
Ji^^vifk BIADUCI whirling
¦^M^\\i^\% "Iflnw tL spray
fty'v Au V''Jlt w Th< s new Vaginal Syrinee.
' aff\\^R\VwSiMlwl ' Injection and Suction. _
A«*»CSl"'^^r Best-Safest-Most Con-
venient. It Cleaosei
Instantly.
A»k jroor drngilst (or It. \i. &, t^C^-
If he cannot supply the Xrov^Vf
MARVEL. «cr%.no N *P'^ : '
oxitcr. hut send stamp fcrlllus- • \'v /> ; ¦<>\y -
trat-dhook— nenled.' li e lvnfull V'>, B ''^M.
partirularsan^ <Hr«t^n«Invnluab!e Ct'/ .. /£
flirtif MAHVKIifO.. *HjiHn-;m,$J
• COS Mission st., San Francisco. *><Id^ .
AJVEBTISEMTTNTS. ' t
I n HAVE BEEN RESTORED TO HEALTH BT
/ / /g^Si^il&k TKeir letters a^re on file in Mrs- Pinkham*s
X I i /i^^^^^ office-, atnd prove this statement to be
I 1 V W*^ -Smk a J :acf * no * «^© re boast. >< Women
r 1 \^a ~^Wk *n***t take into consideration inis great
j I ®^ n^ unequalled record
I ' x Overshadowing, indeed, is the succes: of Mrs. Pink-
I lH^ ham's medicine. Compared with it all other medicines for
r| f^^^^^^Vr, women are experiments. °
i iwl®^^ Why has Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
1 Wr^MlWttm I accomplished its widespread results ror goocu
I WlfJvMilfW/Wi I Why has it lived and thrived and done its glorious,
$ I wor k or a ( l uart:er °^ a century? ¦ . ¦ . . .
| • \ I Simply and surely because of its sterling worth. The .
i^^^^^^^^k. \ 1 reason no other medicine has even approached its success ia,
; I Pk" n ty anc^ positively because there is no other medicine.
\ s^^^^^^^^^il I so S OO£ 1 or woman's ills. •
f m These important fact3 when you ask for a bottle of Lydia.
f M n^ham's Vegetable Compound at your druggist's : If
'i t^ le c^ er^ as^ s y° u to ta^ e "something else," telling you
1 W^^S^^^^^Sl at lt ls "J ust as> g° 0^" or. "much better" — to be better,
*^ fe-^l^^^^^^^^^ lt must have cured more than 500,000 women ; to be as
1 ©^Sl^^Pi^^^S i? 00C^ J lt must k avc cured as many as 500,000 women — let
c * : ™ m produce his proof! Such a thing is impossible. The
-| medicine he offers you is only an experiment. All he knows
S about it is that he can make a little more profit on it than
•> e can on w h at y° u want. • ' .
I M^^^^S^^ Don't let druggists experiment on you. Demand the
at^^^^^^^^^^^ medicine that you know is all right, that has no equal, that
hacks all its statements with positive proof. When you
I jfi^^^^W^^^M know that no other medicine in the world exclusively for
i M^^^^^i^ «^5tflill women has received such unqualified endorsement, is it wise
I t0 et a dealer persuade you to buy something else which
? P?^S^%^^^M^i he sa >' s is "J ust as g°°d»" and all you have in proof is
I W0^it ;^^^^^^^ e s c woman wno ms i sts u P on having
m>^^ Vegetscbie Cyon\po\irid
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jgl Women of refinement who regard healthful 3
g| cocking as a pxramoont duty; gooi cooks, a
H leading dubt and hotel chcfi, and cooking |
M tuthorides everywhere earnestly recommend I
H Wesson's Salad Oil at better value than q
E| the most delicately f.aroird Imported Olive {3
M O3 and cofti vcrj- much less. Send for book- m
Id let, which contains exceptional recipes, by M
M Lida A m« Willis, N'adona! Food Writer, Lee- H
! H Cuter and Demonstrator; Mrs. S. T. Rorer, El
B Principal Phi!adelph:a Cooking School; A. h|
\ Q Mzntz, Steward and Manager RittenhouEc ki
H Club, aad other valuable jnfonr.adcn free. H
|8 Ack ycur fncadly grocer for Wesson's Oils SJ
M aad avoid unhealthful cooking fats. Q
(Largest and Oldest Champagne
House in the World.) .
WHITE SEAL (Grande Cuvee) is
unsurpassed in quality, dryness and
M avor.— JiEW YORK TIMES.
•R ATT. WAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Lear* Market-Street Ferry Depot.
LocallLinVd Ovrl'd Local
Dally.J Daily. DaUy. Dally.
Lr. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 it 8:00 p 4:20 o
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45* U:05p 7:25 a
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 115 a ?.
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:3S p 3:05 a
" Hanfonf.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:C6 a
" Vlsailta.... 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
" Tulare.... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a '*
" BksQeld... «:50 p 5:W p 7:30 a, .... ""
" Kan City 2:41 a j 7:J0 a .... ""
** Chicago ~ 2:15 p | 9:00 p ...^.."-
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping- Cars and Dlnln»
Cars throush to Chicaxo. Chair Car runs
to BakersSeld. for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second claaj
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p.m. dally
4:20 p. m. ls Stockton LocaJ. Correspondl
Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 n.- m. Is the- Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
' free Reclining . Chair ' Car. . also Palace
Sleeper, which euts- out at Fresno^ . Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:3 p. m. daily.
":20 a. m. ls Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all. points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. ra. dally
Offices— 641 aiarket street and In Ferry
Depot. Saa. Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land. • > --
\dhiqacq"\
In LESS than
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
I '
Chicago, Union Pacific
€r North-iYestern Line
T"\OLTBLE DrasimgS%pom> Slaving
I J Cars, Buff ft; Smoking arid Library .
•*—r Cars, tptth barbsr. Dining Cars—
mtals- a I* csrii. 'Daily Tatrist Car
Strvict and Ptrsonilly ConducttJ Ex-
cursionsev^rr atth from Sati Francisco
at 6 p* ir» Ths b*st of tT4rjrthmg. ' ~;T-
R. R. RITCHIE
617 Market St. Gfraral Agent Pacific OxuX
Palace Hotel Ads' fSAyVTSCO
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦; Via S«usallta Ftrry. :
Coipmenelns . September 20. lko, ' ".*
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— « US. t.ii, 11:00 a. m.. "1:43.
8:15, 4:00. 6:15. •6:15..«:40 p. ta.
EXTRA THIPS-ror Mill Valley aad Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. *-.0:00. Ml:30 a. m. «l-13_
HIS. «4:4S. ,C:30. 9:00 p. m. * . •"*
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenlla.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FHAXCISCO'
WEEK DAYS-5:2O. »«:S0, 7:45. 9:S0 a. li"
•12:30. 1:45,- •3:30. 4:J0. R:20 p. m. ¦ ""•
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at «:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:20. •«:«». 'iOiCO. »1I:« a, m.
•1.40. »2:15, 4:43. # 6:30 p. m. *
Trains marked (*> start* from San Quentl-i
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO!
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 8:43. 7:55. »J0 a. mT
1T:35. 2:10, 3:S0, 4:54, 5:20 p. ra. ¦
EXTRA TRIPS oa .Mondays, Wcdnesdan
and Saturdays at 7:10- and 10:23 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 1:15, 3:30,
' '¦ °" -niROCCH TRAINS.
6:E5 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. • • -"-. 7^
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations. • . '
8:C0 a. m. Sundays-^Tomales and war
stations. • -
THE WEEKLY CALL
81 pep Year.The personnel of the British navy has
been Increased during the past year by
4250 men and officers.
Pickwick Lodge of the Order of tho
Sons of St. George will have an open
meeting after Its business session .to-mor
row night, when a splendid programme of
entertainment will be presented for tho
enjoyment of a large number of Invited
guests In the ?odgeroom in the Red Men's
building. A general Invitation has beon
extended to all- Englishmen or; descend
ants of Englishmen who are not 'members'
Sons of St. George.
Fraternal Hive of the Ladles of the
Maccabees has had the following names
Installed as its officers for the current
term: Jennie Gree, P. L. C; Kate Hare,
L. C: Alma V. Jackson, Lt. C; Ida J.
Lerol, R.- K.: Mary Duffy, S.: , Llzzla
Whltesldes. C: Maude de Pue. M. at A.;
Henrietta de Pue. nentlnel; May Connelly,
P. This hive, though quite young. Is In
creasing at every review and the mem
bership has already reached thirty. The
ladies of this hive are already noted for
their entertainment of members and.vis
itors. A committee of this hive Is acting
In conjunction with committees of other
hives to^ entertain Lady Lillian Holllster
and delegates to the State convention In
April. ; ; ¦.->.-¦¦ y
X.adics of the Maceabees.
San Francisco Tent," with the assistance
of Deputy Supreme Commander Blake,
has Increased its membership in a re
markable degree. The membership is
now almost up to the 500 mark. Sir
Knight Blake wiU soon take his depar
ture for other fields, much to the regret
of the tent, which still has several classes
of candidates to initiate. Captain Carlton
"VV. Seeley of the tent's degree team an
nounces that he is ready to compete with
teams of the local tents, and It Is ex
pected that the contest will take place
within two weeks. The winning team will'
challenge all comers for prises offered by
the Supreme Tent In a contest to take
place on the 12th of April before the State
convention. This contest It Is expected
will be a benefit to the visiting sir knights
who will come from all parts of the •State,
aa the work will be in the amplified de
gree. The friends of the late Sir Knight
George A. Orr, past commander of tho
tent, will be pleased to learn that within
a month his widow and orphans iiave re
ceived from the order the sum, of $3000,
the amount It had pledged to pay at his
death. At the review on the last Friday
in February Sir Knights Vlncilione and
Leroi had charge of the Hocial session
and they presented a very interesting se
lect programme, which included an exhi
bition of fencing by Professor J. Leslaby
of the French army and Oliver Kehrlein
of the Olympic Club and scientific boxing
bouts between Charles Berola and Edward
Armstrong, Lawson of the San.Francisco
Athletic Club and Smith of Australia and
Frank Griffin and James Green. Then fol,
lowed vocal selections by Alfred Heslop
and apple and pie eating contests, after
which refreshments were served. The
committee In charge was highly compli
mented.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Golden West Tent of the Maccabees Is
still adding to its membership, having ini
tiations at almost every review. Its mem
bership at this time Is In excess of 230.
and it hopes before the first six months
of the year to raise the number to 250.
The tent has now adopted a method of
increasing the attendance. Every one
who attends drops his name in a box on
entering and at the end of the month the
four who have been most regular In at
tendance are each awarded a prize. The
team of this tent, as well as those of the
other local tents, are busy drilling for the
contest that will shortly take place and
the picked team will be ready on time
to stand before any of the teams from
the Interior. At the next social session
of the tent the members will be treated
to one of Dr. Malaby's great mocha and
sinker collations.
On the last Friday :n February Califor
nia Circle of the Women of Woodcraft
had a social evening in its hall. There
was a good attendance, an excellent pro
gramme of entertainment and a joyous,
time for all. This clrc'.e is getting along
well at this time and it proposes to do
much in the social llr.e with a view to
attract to it.
Last Tuesday night Redwood Circle had
a snowball party, which is another name
for cascarone party. It took place in the
Union Square building and was one of the
best attended and most enjoyable affairs
that this enterprising circle has eiven in
the past. The officers and members are a'l
alive to the approaching fourth anniver
sary of the circle on the 1st of April and
it is Btriving to make a remarkable in
crease In membershlD by that time. To
that end it has divided the circle Into
two sections, each under a captain. Thes-j
will each work to bent the other in th'3
matter of securing members.
Women of Woodcraft.
The grand march Is scheduled i for 9
o'clock. The committee in charge ha3
Council; Horace Batchekler, E. A. Smith,
Dr. Pratt, R. F. Stewardt and a number
of others.
During the past month Berkeley Coun
cil initiated sixteen strangers and at the
meeting last week fourteen more received
the degrees.
Purim, ha3 arranged a fancy dress ball,
which will be given annually, i The open
ing ball will be given in the large hall of
the O.dd Fellows' building this evening,
and arrangements have been made to in
sure a pleasant evening for maskers and
onlookers.
The third local lodge of the National
Aid Association was recently Instituted
by District Organizer G. W. Johnson with
twenty-seven charter members. Th« new
lodge' has been named California and Is
officered as follows: G. S. Turkildson P.*
Kate Traner, V. P.: Lizzie Bavford 1^.
£}.-. I* Johnson, C: George W. Baltic S •
Marie Baltic, Tr. # and Mrs. M. Ellert*
G. The lodge has secured headquarters'
in the Shiels building and the meetings
will be held on the second and fourth
Thursdays. -
National Aid Association.
San Francisco" Lodge, United Moderns
held an invitation function in the Shiels
building last Friday mght, which was at
tended by a large number" of members of
the order and Invited guests, who were
entertained with addresses on the scope
of the order, literary efforts, musical
numbers and music, after which thero
was a dance.
California Lodge of the United Moderns
at Its session last Monday night had a
good attendance of members and visitors
and Initiated seven straneers into the
mysteries of the order. The lodge is
working to make a good record and under
the supervision of the officers, who are all
experienced fraternal people, It la expect
ed that it will not be long before the mem
bership, roll will contain the names of
about one hundred.
United. Moderns.
Grand Trustees Gallagher and Doollng
and Grand Secretary Lunetedt paid a visit
last Wednesday to Alcalde and Mission
parlors, which met In joint session.
Alcatraz Parlor held an open meeting
last Thursday night and had a very pleas
ant time.
The sixteenth anniversary ball of El
Dorado Parlor last Tuesday night was a
most delightful affair which was attended
by a very large number of people. Prom
inent among the dancers were the many
handsome members of Orinda Parlor, of
the Native Daughters, known as tjde "bon
ton parlor." The hall was tastefully
decorated In white and silver, relieved
with red lanterns and Australian ferns.
There was excellent music and a well ar
ranged programme of dances. The dances
were under the direction of Floor Man
ager J. J. Greeley. Assistant Floor Man
ager Eugene P. Egan and the following
floor committee: Henry Bortfeld. D. D.
Lowney, A. H. Cohen, F. A. Smith, J. O.
Gantncr, G. L. Stroecker, F. C. Reynolds,
George Dabovlch, J. J. Crowley, J. E.
Donovan. H. C. Boyd, F. T. Norton. D. J
Smith. A. F. Medley, E. W. Gunther and
P. Paul Vlautln.
On the night , of February 15 Mission
Parlor had a novel* entertainment in
the . banquet hall of the - Native
Sons' building. It was for the mem
bers, and a few specially invited
guests and | was called "a German or
Kummerlos night," In other words, a
night free from trouble or sorrow. Presi
dent Glrzikowski presided at the banquet
table, on which there was a choice collec
tion of knrtoffel salat, sardellen, frank
furter wurst, sauerkraut, 6auer ochs
llelsch 'mit pfannkuchen, pumpernickel,
zwieback, salzgurken, Schweitzer und lim
burger kase and German foaming liquid.
The toasts were in the language of Em
peror Wilhelm and the responses were in
kind. The most interesting speech of the
evening, It was voted, was by Past Presi
dent F. H. Tibbits. The evening passed
off very pleasantly. Those who could not
talk in the foreign tongue were later in
the evening allowed to express themselves
in English.
Past Grand President Mattison has re
turned from a tcrur of visitations to the
parlors in the enow-covered counties of
the north.
Grand President Rust visited the parlor
In Visalla last week. He was accom
panied by Grand Secretary Lunstedt.
With the Native Sons.
of the order to attend. Refreshments will
be served.
been informed that many of the partici
pants will be attired in rich costumes and
that there will be many odd and original
characters. A number of sub-commit
tees have been appointed to manage the
(iilferent features of the affair. The club
has several hundred names on its mem
bership roll, all being prominent in He
brew circles.
PRESIDENT. VICE PRESIDENT AND SECRETARY OF THE SAN FRAN
CISCO HEBREW SOCIAL CLUB, UNDER WHOSE AUSPICES THE
PURIM BALL WILL BE GIVEN TO-NIGHT.
initiation, all the officers of the chapter
Leing present and taking part in the cere
mony. The close of the chapter was fol
lowed by the u.= ual banquet and those
w ho enjoyed dancing were given an op
portunity to spend an hour in that pleas
ure. The newly organized choir deserves
special mention for its efficient services
during the evening.
The foundation has been laid for the
oiganization cf a canton of the Patriarchs
Militant at Petaluma.
The grand master and the grand pa
triarch will shortly issue proclamations
tor -the observance of the eighty-second
anniversary of the foundation of Odd Fel
lowship In the United States.
Rebekah Lodges.
On the night of the last Saturday In
February Amity Lodge had a "har.l
times" party for members of the order
only. The attire of all who took part
gave one the impression that the wear
ers had all visited Poverty Row and se
cured what they could, irrespective of lit
or time of previous usage. All, however,
had a pleasant time and enjoyed a pro
gramme of dunces that was printed on
straw cardboard. Miss J. H. Hudson. M.
A*. Forbes and Miss Stiles were the com
mittee. '
Last Monday night Loyal Rebekah
Lodge was visited by President Mrs. C.
A- Htocett of the Assembly and other of
ficers of that body. Among the promi
nent members of the order were Mrs.
Kasntr, past president of the Assembly;
Mrs. Donoho, secretary; Mrs. LJese, treas
urt-r; Mrs. E. Shaw; Mrs. A. I. Jensen,
marshal, and Mrs. Cyrus, district deputy
and htr elan*. The lodgeroom was crowd
ed to its utmost and the work waa ex
emplified under the direction of Drillmas
ter McCollister by the Initiation of four
candidates. The work was exceedingly
well performed and highly commended.
The ceremonies were followed by ad
dresses and a banquet-
Last Tuesday night President Mrs.
Hoxett paid an official visit to Jubilee
Lodge. She was accompanied by Secre
tary Mrs. Donoho, Marshal Mrs. Alma
Isabel Jensen. Mrs. E. Shaw. Dlstric:
I>eputy Mrs. Cyrus and staff and Past
Grand Master \V. H. Barnes. During the
evening there was initiated for the lodga
.Mr. and Mrs. Julrs Gadeau, Miss Fabbri,
Miss Isabel Morrison and Frederick Pe
terson in a manner that won the greatest
amount of praise for the initiating team.
Under good of the' order there were ad
dresses by the visiting officials, recita
tion of "The Three Links" by Lizzie Stan
ton and vocal selections by Mrs. F*isher
and Mrs. Blakely. The closing of the
lodge waa followed by the partaking of
the lodge's hospitality at a collation 1:1
the banquet hail. About two hundred oc
cupied seats at the tables.
The district deputies' party in aid of
the Orphans' Home at Gilroy will be held
in the Assembly Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building on the 22d Jn»t.
The special' session of the. California
Assembly in Oakland last week was at
tended by a large number of members of
the order. It lasted day and night and
was most profitable. At noon District Dep
uty Mrs. Carl served a lunch and in the
evening two officers were the guests of
Oakland Lodge No. 16. The ritualistic
and lloor work waa exemplified by the of
ficers of the last named lodge in a very
satisfactorj* manner.
Oriental Kebekah Lodge will give a mas
querade party in the banquet hall on the
night of the Gth Inst.
Walhalla Ix>dge had a pleasant social
on the last Saturday in February in cele
bration of the thirteenth anniversary of
the institution of the lodge.
Daughters of Pioneers*
The Society of Daughters of California
Pioneers, which was organized several
months ago, and of which Mrs. M. V. H.
Gurnett is the president and Miss Grace
E. Forrest is secretary, has for Its pur
pose the perpetuation of the memories of,
the fathers of members, the promotion of
social Intercourse among the members
and the collection of records of the early
history of California. All female de
scendants of these who are or have been
members of the Society of California Pio
neers of San Francisco or of Sacramento
are eligibl/s to membership In the society.
The members of the society are all work
ing hard to Increase the membership
and they want to make It one
of the brightest stars in the galaxy of San
Francisco social organizations. The*so
ciety meets on the first and third Monday
of each month In the parlor of Pioneer
Hall through the courtesy of the Society
of California Pioneers.
Order of Americns.
After an absence of several months John
Van Alen, for a long time the energetic
manager of the order in this city, has re
turned to his former duties and he is now
the manager for the Pacific Coast.
At a recent meeting of San Fran
cisco Council four applications were pre
sented and the following named were ln
stalleu by Past" President W. C. Hassler
as the oflicere of the council for the cur
rent term: I. Danziger, past president;
John Van Alen, president; E. w. Pratt,
vice president; Nuniar Rose, recording
secretary; Thomas H. Lord, financial sec
retary; Walter Clarkson, treasurer: A. A.
Russell, senior warden; J. G. Hardy, Ju
nior warden: J. J. Stahl, guide: E. A:
Smith, sentinel; O. F. Hunt, chaplain.
At the meeting of the council last Mon
day night one candidate waa Initiated in
the amplified form and one stranger was
elected. After. the close of the council
all present. "including half a dowtt visit
ors from Berkeley Council, became the
KucstR of President Van Alen and Vice
President Pratt at a collation served in a
Stockton-street grillroom. A very pleas
ant two hours was spent and there were
addresses and chats by Dr. Hassler,
President Batchelder. -' Past President
Colby and Arthur Elston of Berkeley
IN LODGES
w ISS1ON CHAPTER (t the
/} v\ OrUer of the Ea?lern
// \A Star at the last meeting
if X\ in February had a
C\P George Washington psr-
will be acromnaniod by Past Grand Pa
tiiarch A. K. Lord.
Last Thursday evening Unity Chapter
of Oakland had an unusually large num
ber of visitors, right sister chapters be
irg represented, some of them quite num-
Frous-iy. A new member was received by
by a very large number
Cf people, whj were entertained with a
pleasing programme, the feature of which
was the presentation of a hatchet to each
Individual.- with a reqnest that each, in
e Riven time, should write upon the
hatchet as T.any words as could be
formed . out of the word Washington.
Worthy; Marion Maude Terwllligvr of
Golden Gate <"hapter received the first
I rize. fcavir.R written ISO words. The sec
ond prize went to S. C Wallis. the chap
lain of Ivy Chapter.
Ivy Chapter at its last held meeting had
a progressive euchre party, there being
present a large number of the members
and visitors to take part in the game.
The gentlemen's first prize was won by
Mr. Summers, the ladies' first prize by-
Mrs. Henry; Mrs. Norman won the sec
ond and Mrs. Franc- s HoriSfield the third.
During the evening the member? and vis
itors were treated to a collation. Four
petitions were re<t ; ved. This chapter will
jjiv* a fancy aress party 'on the Sth of
April.
The entertainment that was given fcy
California. Chapter in Oolden Gate- Hall
qli the last cay of February in aid of
the fund to procure instruments for the
brass band that has been organized in
the Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home
was a great success, the hall, prettily
decorated in red, being crowded to its
limit. The amount expected to be real
ized was t-xceeded and the little ones who
fcave joined the band will now have an
opportunity to become first-class mu
eicians. The firrt on the programme waa
&n address by Charit-f? I^ewls Patton. past
prar.d mapter&nd president of the home.
Then followed a varied programme of
thirteen numbers of interesting special
ties, instrumental music and vocal selec
tions contributed by Samuel Ad«-Isteln's
mandolin orchestra of nineteen perform
ers. Miss Hazel Waterson, Miss Helena
Bredhoff. \V. H. Collins. Mre. Cecelia
Warren. Master Clart-nce "W. Browne, R.
L. Halhoni. Miss W-ra KtJmondeon. G. B.
Ferguson, Mies Edith Dickinson and Miss
Leontine Wefelsburg. The programme
was followed by th** drawing, under the
Fupervieion of Sheriff John Lackmann. P.
E. Kergnson and E. C. Sto«'k. of one of
the numbered admission tickets for a
pas stove contributed by the Gas Light
Company. It went to the holder of ticket
3T0L After that came a programme of fif
.t*-en oances. The success of the affair
was »iue to the executive committee—
Worthy Matron Mrs. Lizzie Tonningsen,
Worthy Patron John Tonningscn, Dr.
¦ J?*-rtha Wagner Stark. Minnie C Stebblns,
Emma F. Liebold and Annie Ferguson,
and th«» following chairmen of sub-com
jniUeeF: Dr. Frank Pague, Captain G.
w. Wittinan. Thorna* Henry Browne,
. Annie Boxton and Isadora Horton.
. Olive liranch Chapter on last Monday
Initiated Mrs. Martha Lymer. Welhelm
lna Yimyblut, Mrs. Alice Bennett and
Herman Schmidt in the presence of quite
a large number of members and visitors.
Arnoi>K those who were strangers were
Mr. and Mrs. C. L. P. Marais, first pa
tron and matron of the chapter, who but
recently returned from, an extended visit
to Paris. France. JMr. Marais gave an in
te-restingr account of the beautiful citv
end also spoke of matters Masonic in tha't
city. The returned ex-ofUcers were re
ceived with a very warm welcome. Dur
ing the. Initiation the music was fur
nished by Mrs. H. M- Owens and at the
close of the chapter, while the members
end guests were being served to cake and
coffee. Mrc. Rose Pistolesi. the worthy
matron., entertained with choice vocal se
lections.
I^ast Thursday night Harmony Chapter
had. a very pleasant social function in
the upper Golden Gate Hall, which was
driven under the direction of the worthy
matron, Mrs. Margaret Kelton, Judge
Frank H. Kerrigan, Michael J. Savage,
M. J. Kellv. Mrs. Annie Johnson, Miss
Carter. Mrs. Gould. Mrs. Nellie A. Car
pon. Mis* M. Craig and Mies E. Rohlffs,
with Worthy Patron R. X. Carson as
master cf ceremonies, j There were about
209 present, who were . entertained with
an enjoyable > programme consisting of
ptcreoptlcon views. Cakewalk bv Emily
.Hansen and Muriett« Drolt, vocal selec
tions, by Miss Code,. Miss Lucas, Mrs.
Brown and F. Krone; Miss Kate Krone
entertained with recitations and Master
Clarence Krone amused ¦with eong and
dance. There was dancing until mid
night.
At th» last held meeting of Golden Gate
Chapter there were present about 150
members of. the order. Two candidates
were elected to membership. After th*
rhepter closed there was a guessing con
test for prizes which engaged the atten
tion of all present for an hour or more.
That was followed by dancing and thc
serving- of refreshments.
Odd Fellowship.
Unity Encampment paid Its annual visit
to Golden Rule Encampment In Oakland
last Friday.
A new subordinate lodge will soon "be
trtabllshed at Kriob, Shasta County.
Grand Master Watson, having returned
from his southern tour, on last Wednes
3ay paid an official visit to Morse Lodge;
on Thursday he was with Abou Een Ad
hem Lodge. He has made arrangements
!cr visitations as follows: Alta. March 4;
Harmony, 5th; Spartan. Cth; Occidental,
rt!i;T6rhaJes; 9th; Concordia, lltb; Her
mann, 32th; Columbia. 13th (Alameda):
University 14th (Oakland): Calistoga. 20th;
N'apa. 21st. and St. Helena, 23d.
The now camp' at XMes will be insti
!gt«d oh the 16tb Inst.
Grand Patriarch It. D. Gummoe will
rake visitations as follows: Visalia.
March" 14; Merced, 15th: Stockton. ISth:
Modesto. 19th; Treey, 20th: Fresno, 23d;
Polar*. 25th, and Bakersfield, 2Sth. He
ONE of the features of the Hebrew
festivals is the Purim ball, which
this year will be given by the San
Francisco Hebrew Social Club, of
which Henry Goldman is presi
dent, William Baron vice president,
James Brackman treasurer and Paul
Goldstein secretary. The fete of Purim
is .celebrated In honor of the deliverance
of the Jewish nation from the schemes
of Haman, as recorded in the book of
Esther, and it is observed in all parts of
the Jewish world.
The festival being, of joyous character,
the club named since its organization, in
January. 1S95, in conformity with the
time-honored custom among- the Jews of
.wearing disguises during the festival of
HEBREWS TO CELEBRATE
THE DEFEAT OF HAM AN
At Fete of ¦' Purim They Will Wear Disguises
in Keeping With Time-Honored Custom.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, lOOll
27
UISION SQUARE.
Country Orders Care u'.ly and Promptly Filled,
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
EE. Cotser Geary and StocVtoa Streets, Saa Fraaaisso.
EMBROIDERED GREPES, EMBROIDERED ROBES,
CREPE BE PARIS, PANE GREPES, ¦•
WOOL ALBATROSS, CREPE DE' CHINE,
FRENCH AMAZON CLOTH, affl^SS^'
Owing to the increased demand for Colored Dress Fabrics
we have made unusual preparations and are prepared
with a complete assortment. of the following materials:
NOVELTIES FOR
SPffWC
JUST RECEIVED
"*'.¦ : ¦¦¦¦¦ V ; V"'
-*¦¦*¦¦* * * *~* * * * * * * « ¦* i-t-.-i ¦ t "i"r%-i-».~^-r > i"*"i"W~»'V'i"i"i"i"i"t"i"t"i"i"i"t"i"r
Dry Goods -^^^^ : Company.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ..:...
a. M .. I .. t .. I .. I .. I ., I . ll , : ,1 i.,;, M..H..I .m M ¦!¦ m !,^ I ..Hi.H..H l^H..H,,H, l I I I 1 1 !¦ :
1 CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE,
:: 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET,
•: Jgk '¦ Is now prepared to show
- - the Newest Styles in
! .$« Ladies' Tailor Suits,
¦Ml? Jackets and Capes,
i ii\ j«a/ , ¦ , / , ' ,\
± ///(\wt Wt advanced styles, to be
i x^il§£%, found nowhere else*
! ®SUifc3^ and at --. . ' .,
|j Prices to Suit Every One
§ NOVELTY SUITS from $20 to $80
f FSNK TAILOR SUITS from $10 to $2O
X AUTO BOX JACKETS, lined through,
% from S6.5O to $25
$ GRENADINE SKIRTS, N L £Sg f from $20 to $45
I SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK.
T 50 TAILOR - MADE SUITS, latest cut,
regular price S1T.50, for....... $10.00
STARTING
°"o E^. EK TO-NIGHT
(SUNDAY).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LEU/IS >
MORRISON'S
ORIGINAL FAMOUS SCENIC and DRAMATIC
PRODUCTION OF
I" COMPANY AND PRODUCTION DIRECT I
FROM NEW YORK. j
WITH ITS WONDERFUL ELECTRIC AND
CALCIUM EFFECTS.
THE MARVELOUS "BROCKEN" SCENE.
With Genuine Flashes of Lightning- and
the Magtc Rain of Fire.
Produced Here in Its Entirety. Production
Entirely N<«w Tht8 Season.
PRICES
EVENING I1.0O, 75c, 50c, SSc. 2Se
MATINEE 25c, SCc. 73c
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, MARCH 10TH.
The New York Casino Success,
"THE TELEPHONE OIR L."
*WfcftSW?
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME,
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES.'*
TO-MORROW NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
Aucustin Daly's Comedy,
Countess Gucki
A PLAY OF SCENIC' AND COSTUME
SPLENDOR.
MATINBES : SATURDAY r AND : SUNDAY
¦ g^ • W 1 mars coy iuu .
Phone South 633 ¦
MATINEE .TO-DAT— Prices, 10c, 15c, »*
To-night— Last Performance
THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME
A MAMMOTH PRODUCTION.
BEE- THE GREAT CAVALRY CHARGE,
WITH REAL HORSES.
nntrpc (I Evenings 10c, ISc. SSc. BOo
lolVCj II Matinees ......10c. 15o. ISc
Week BetfrmlnE TO-MORROW (Monday) KVr,
Tho Greatest Convict Play Ever Written
"THE BLACK FLAG."
A Big Scenic Production. .
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
Performances at 2:30 and !p. ra. Dally. .
NORRIS & ROWB'6
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
"The more I see of dog the less I- think of
man." — Dr. Johhaon. I
800— PERFORMING ANIMALS— 400.
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
In the World.
Elephants, Zebras, Goats. Sea Lions. Ponies,
Monkeys, Dosrs, Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First Time In This City of Mr. Winston and
His Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALS,
the Most Marvelous Animal Act In the World.
HERR SETTLER, the Famous German Animal
Trainer, and His Small Clown Elephant.
Seat sale opens at Pavilion To-day at 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS. 85c; CHILDREN. 10c
Phone South 780.
RACING ! RACING I RACING !
1900-WINTER MEETING— ISO.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thura.
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Fire or mere races each day.
.Races start at 1:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2, 2:80 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor
ladies and their escorts; no smoklnc- Bur your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains, via
Oakland mole oonneot with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.-
Returning— Trains leave the tracts at 4:19 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after tho last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary..
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOVniin O Admission IOc.
Flechtl'i Tyrolean Troupe, Egry, Birdie
Brightling. McSorley and Whitney, the Leon*.
L. A. Cover and Hinrlchs" Orchestra. Reserved
Seats, *5c Matinee Sunday.
# . AMUSEMENTS. •
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LOGAN AND JONES, THE KOBEHS,
DICK MACK, CLINTON MONT-
GOMCBUY, -LTLIAAN I/EVY, LTT-
' TLE IBENE XOEEB,, THE HA-
WAIIAN QTTABTET, NEW MOV-
X • INO PICTURES.
Next Thursday, the Amateurs
And a Ladies' Running Race.
/*;-., 'Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
¦ - ... ¦ * ......
AMUSEMENTS^
GRAND OPEP3A. MOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY
LAST NIGHT OP
SPECIAL ENWAUEMKMT of the Favorite
Romantic Actor.
MR. HOWARD HALL
In the Drama of Ills Own Composition.
"A HUSBAND'S HONOR."
A Striking Incident of the Piece WU1 Be Mr.
Hall's Entry Into a Den of Lions to .
1 Secure a Lady's Glove.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50o.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
Good "Reserved Heat in Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, 25c.
BRANCH TICKETJDFFICE EMPORIUM.
To-morrow X'sht— "AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DATS."
: """ " ' « —————————
\ FIRST APPEARANCE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
SEMBRSCH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction C. L. GRAFF.
MOROSCO'S 6RA«D OPERA-HOUSE
COMMENCING MARCH ISTH.
Two week?, with performances on Monday
and "Wednesday evenings and Saturday after-
i noons. Six complete performances of Grand
Italian Opera. Among the artists being Siftnora
de Lara. Bensaude, RobsI, Dado, Galazzl, Van-
nl, Daublgne, Mme. Mattfeld and Mme. SEM-
BRICH. together with complete Chorus and
GRAND ORCHESTRA, under direction of Slg.
Bevlenani.
Repertoire: "Barber of Seville," "Rigoletto,"
"Don Pasquale." "La Traviata," "Pagllacd,".
"Faust," "Lucia," etc.
Subscription Seats — 6 Performances
NO REPETITIONS.
Orchestra and 2 Front Rows of Dress
Circle
Balance of Dress Circle and Back Rows
of Orchestra $15.00
Front Rows of Family Circle 910.00
SINGLE Night Seats $5. $3, $2. #1.BO
Gallery, unreserved $1.OO
ICTSEASON SALE COMMENCES WEDNES-
1C7DAY, MARCH 6th. at Box Office.
[QrsiNGLB NIGHT SALE. March 15th.'
Applications for boxes should be made at once
to MR. ALFRED BOUVIBR, Grand Opera-
House.
f*ftl BIAIDIA^ 11 FRANCISCO'S
U U LU IflJ3J A LEADING THEATRE
NOTE— No telephone or mall orders accepted.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW, MONDAY.
• SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Only Appearances Here of
' MRS.
LESLIE GARTER
After Her London Triumph,
AdZAZA in
'%¦ DAVID BELASCO'S PLAT
PRICES .........tl. $160. tl. 7Eo and COo
March 11— D« Koren A Smith's Comlo Opera,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
OLnrMT*iA Isltsiil
THH ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE BHOW IN
THE CITY. .
HAWAIIAN QUARTETTE,
New, Novel and Not to Be Missed by Anybody.
Clinton Montgomery,
"With War Pictures Never Before Seen Sn
California.
MABEL HUDSON,
In Her Famous Single-Handed Nightlngal*
Chorus.
QUERITAVINCENT
Amerlca'a Greatest Vaudeville Favorite.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE...
SHERMAN, CLAY_& CO. 'S HALL
TUESDAY AND SATURDAY AFTERNOONS,
¦ March 1» and 16. at »:15.
AND THURSDAY NIGHT. MARCH 14.
TERESA CARRENO,
The World's Greatest
Woman Pianist.
.Reserved Seats, $2.00, U.EO and $1.00. On sale
at Sherman, CTay *: Co.' a next Thursday morn"
in*. ¦-"¦. »s
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WEEK COMMENCING TO-DAT. SUNDAY
MATINEE. MARCH 3d.
A BILL OF ATTRACTIVE HOVELTIES
"Th^ World Famous Terpsichorean Artiste.
In Dazzling Dances Neve* Before Seen on
Any Stajge; ¦
Wilson and Waring
Transatlantic Stars in .Farcical Frivolities..
Oriskany Trio
Th« World* a Greatest Equilibrist.
Robt. Hilliard & Go.
-. •. In "Tb« Uttleat G»rl."
SSjioipl
¦ WJth an Entire Chans* of Repertoire. •
JOHN LE HA Y
• V«ntr»Ioqulal Comedian.
JBAFtJD Brothers
Acrobatic Marvels. '
• ¦ > JLAST WEEK OF
Dumonds Minstrels
•The' Famous French Musical and Vocal Artlata.
THE GREAT AMERICAN B1QGBAPH
• Parquet. J5c. any seat; Balcony, 10c: Children,
10c, any part except reserved. A few front rowi
reserved. 50c; froiit • rows of Balcony r«-
aerved. 2Sc. • . ' -
"Starlight, star bright; vry first star.
I see to-night"— Leans everybody to th»
MONDAY, March 4th,
THIRD WEEK
The Great Operatic Furor*,
Wizard
I—— Top the
53P i^g JLIjJuI
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herberi.
xx-n i t» T3S CATCHY MTT3IC "STAELIOHT"
HITAk "WHAT IS LOYSr THE SE2ENAD3
nflnll ffe. Etc Eta.
MT1T , THE TIRE DANCE TEE FLOWER QIRL3
\VW THE H0TAL PS0CSS3X0H
UJISIJ... THS BI3IN3 NILE Etc- Etj. Eta.
Ferris Hariman as the Wizard.
"Hoot Uon" Whcalan as the King.
Next ProducHon-'THE WEDDING DAY."
Evenings at 8. M&tineo Saturday at 2.
Popular Prices — 25 and 50 Cents.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9. '
UNION COURSING PARK
...To-ixar...
Sunday ------ March 3.
openIstake
champions!
96-NOMINATIONS— 96
$1000 S $1000
TRAIN SERVICE. . U^'.Z.Z
i Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:13 a.
1 m., 11 a. m.. 13 ta. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth.
' and Valencia streets five minutes later. .Re-
turning at 4:45 p. ra. and after last course,
San Mateo electric cars every six minutes.
.
I ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB, /
¦ •';; ¦;.'£ IAOTOJM.N PARK.
Continuouj Racla*. Beginning Monday, Ftbra*
I »T U, 1901. . . ..• ,,.-.« -
SIX O& MORE RACKS EACH WEBK -DAT.
Six Stake Evtzts. Thm Hurdle Races and Six
. Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OP THES DAT AT t:» P M.'
Trains leare Third and Townsend streets far
J Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40, 11:30 a. m., 12;4O L
f 1:30 and i p. ra. Trains leave Tanforan p'arlc
for Ean Francisco at 4:15 p. m.. followed after
the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
t several specials. Seats In rear cars reserved for
ladies and their escorts. Admission to course.
, Includes railroad fare. $1 23.
MILTON 8. LATHAM. Secretary.
1 EDWARD POWERS. Racine Secretary.
i — 1
nil IflP These hotels po»-
[. l\ L ft U £ 8ess thc attri bate*
, that tourists and
I Jjnn * travelers appreciate
1 UlIU —central location,.
HP A KID Kberal manage-
UiinliU merit, modern ap-
MAjri A pointments 'and
HUltLos perfect cuisin-.
IBU I S.L.U} American and Eu-
! Sin franCiSCO. ropean plans.
» »¦—^^S—S— — SM MSMS— SBMSSSSSSSSS1 —^—
f ¦
; I KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
i Ttor*a' territory, on Una of railroad, for
¦al«. Splendid chance " for thos« about to
form an ell company. NEWTON. CAH-
MKN * 8OME3 (3. C. MASON, axtat).
in Chronicl* bids, San Francisco.
* Weekly Can 11.00 pYirnrTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH .3, 1901.
28
SAX FB__VCISCO CALL.
Bt-tDCCSS' OFFICE of TKe Ban Franc!teo
Cell, rorr.er.of Market ar.d Third streets; open
j_BXQ._l o'clock every night In fho year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 3iT- Montgomery street.
rcTricr-Clay; open .until J'20 p. m.
fW. Iia>v* street; open ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
C3? McAllister' ttrpet ; open-until 3:30 p. m.
: tl5' 'J.arkln street;, cpen until 3:20 p. m.
' 'Si! 'Mi^cn- street,* open until 19 p. ra.
' _S_ Market «treet, corner Sixteenth; open
vniil S p.- — .. '
205 Kle.ver.lh' strrrt: -open until t p. m.
;C9S Valencia *;reet: open Xintll 9 p. ra. .
¦SfMttHTC— I rcrner ' Tw cnty-second and Ken-
«Ti--lrv gtTv-fty: nrfT 'jntll -3 p. m.
. CKi.ncH M:nyicns.
FIMPSOX Mem .trial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner or Hayes artJ Buchanan sts.—
Rev. .John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
rt Ii_: n.: and 7:30 p..-in.- The monthly praise
service, will be held in the evening. Mrs. H.
v. DU-key. Min.,A. K. i-'mith and Cecil Smith
>— • the kolof^tfc; Art Bowne. cornet soloist;
male, ehcrus. ladies' quartet- and several
, -mixed choruses 'Cy- thirty, voles;- Professor
. r.iitefceldcr. acting <Jir»-ctbr: Mits Jones, or-
>.?:>i*t. Seatsaro free, ' All invited^
A.T Methodist Erl*ccpal Church. Mls-
¦¦rforf tx-... .near Sixth... I>r, S. P. Hut-lnpiller
«_1 i.!-o8,ch at- • 11 p'clock on the t-ipic.
•Th— 'Uflrthe. X3ac40l_ of the Deautlful to
1! 'e King <!i U'.s. Beauty." and at 7:30- p. m.
op. the topic, "Am ens; Mrjiy Problems What
.Ani Ito Kc-lieve.Umo Happtr.es* and Eternal
•L.ife?'-'. Good ituisle.- se_ts free and the people
welcome. . " ¦ ; • ' . '
CALVARY Pre«Syter!«n ChSfC-. at Y. M. C. A.
• -,;<:<l!r=v Mar-on -arid EKIs st*.. Rev. ' John
' 'Kernphill. D. ->-. raster, will preach— Services
¦»i;i 1. rr\. -and 7:20 p. m: Rev. W. A. P.
Martin. I): -D.. will *ri?ak in the Auditorium
in the '-ever-in*;. EUiiJrL-t, "AfTaSrs In China."
Sabbath tschoor end i.Iri Johnston's EiMe ciasa j
. '_»• li.SO: Christian _adeavcr ut 6:3ii p. m. j
TTfflnr_*BT evening prayer-rneeilnK at 8 1
¦ p-' clock. ¦ .Ton— xrieT Fpectally Invited.' All |
strangers cordl— Ily wplcor-tl. •
TRINITY Church, corner .Bush and Gough ets.,
. the Rev. Frederick 'W. Clatn pett; -D. Ii., rec-
: tor — Holy 'Communion, S a. m.-and 11 a. m. ;
morning *>ervl<?e, 11 a. rr..-. evening prayer. 4
p. rn. Friday service fcr the army and navy
Rt -11 ; a. m. Lent en pervlces every day at 4
p. rn.- The rector- will preach.. ' ..' j
CECONIV Unitarian ' Church; corner Capp and
Twentieth us, Rev.' K. F. Dlnsmore, mln-
lltet' Ceo. Au~i?tus M. "Lord cf 'Providence,
R. I., will preach at 11 o'clock. In the even-
it-.g Mrs. Nellie J31efs!ii(j Ejster. will ittve her
!~ rrersions of' C't>er«l— jnergau and the. pas-
sion play.. All' we] Ic 01 m M . •.---
PARK Cor.g— 'Batloh.eJ Church. 1649 Hayes et..
between Lyon and Central av«s.— The pastor.
Rev. F. A'ernon Jcnes. -will preach mornlnj
ar.d evening. Communion at- the morning
eeri-lee. Evmihis rsuhject. "The Fallacies cf
Life" Furiday school at 12:30;- Christian' En-
deavor Society at 6:»V Goo3 musli. AIL In-
. vited:. '"' ' ¦ . . ¦ ¦¦
SEVKNTII Dsy Advontist Church^ 214 Laruna
•t.. between MeAUlst'r and- Oolden <Jate ave.
—Preaching this :ev»ning at 7:30' o'clock by
the pastor. Elder J. O. Corliss,.. subject. "The
Atoi-.enwnt of • ChrUt -.as- Foreshadowed In
Prophecy." A cordial lavitatlcn is extended
to _:L. Seats free. ' . ' : ¦
FIRST Church of Christ, ' Scientist. Central
Hock, .223 Suiter St.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christisi-Scien-re Bible lesson at
31 '.'a!' m.; subject, ; "Man."- Sunday echool .for :
¦ children, at the same hoUr. Wednesday even- .
Ing meetings at 8 o'elock:' Froe ieidinp-room;
¦ 206 Kt-arny ft,, .room L1C. All are — elcoaie.
REORGANIZED .Church ' .of Jesus Christ,
Druids' Temple,- corner Folsem and Four-
.tecttln Vti.— Preaching, 11 .a-'.m, and 7:30 p. ;
. ra. This church; has no conntGtlon with- tti«
T'tah church, J.at is the church organized by
cmciartd of-;G6<i In- liwO ti?" preach the pos-
¦ pel ai "a" "fipn" of the coming of Christ to
¦¦.Itidge'-the- world. All '-•welcome. Sunday.
. - :. if-.ii.a.-: m'.- ¦ -. ' • ¦ .
EPtXX/Llf' srepel pervlcee at the hall 17 City
' Hall sq-jare, near Market n., Sunday,, Wed-
" r.».«i!l!v and Friday evenings, at 7:4J; special
addrtss to. Christians this (Sunday) afternoon
at i. o'clock. Paul J. Lolzeaux, evangelist.
trom New York. • XTndenbramatior.al. Seats
: ree. . . ' .
REX': N. I). TATLOR of the Christian Cath-
' die <:hilrch will pr»acli at-t_t Mission st. at
3 and T:30 p. m. A number of persons will
be lwip:lzed. bjr Triune imrceryion at Lurlme
Baths. > utiifr Bush and- Larkln ets., at 3:30.
b'RKE Mental Science Lecture— Subject. "How
. to Cure Poverty-" Golden <late Hall this |
evenir.p at S o'clock sharp by Profe«?or Knox, [
of r&tior.al reputation. : founder of Mental
Si-!'-n--e College of : Seattle, Wash., who has!
>>e*>ji secured by thf Firet Mental Science
Te— iple of this city to deliver his series of
great lectures'. At 11 a. m.. r"gular temple
roeetjng, subject, "School of Mental Science."
.' <"cme early and get a teat.
THi: TheoF'opl-.ii a_ Society — Public lecture to-
xiifrrtt nt . *. 6'oloek In Metropolitan Temple,
Fifth Rt., by Colonel H. P. Oicott. preFldent,
fob tJder of the Theosophical Society; subject,
"Tlil'ii—Hiiilji. Religion and Occult Science."
Ai1inl»il<— t Jre«>. Re.*-rv«-d *eats. 23 cent—.
MEETINGS — SLXDAY.
AA Dr. -Jolin A. Kerpan lectures this evening
on "W__t If Disease" at Crystal Kail. Pytb-
Jan 'Cattle; K>» Market et.. .followed by mag- I
r.i.iicr.t pathological illustrations. Free tick- I
*ts will tie dlEtribut**! for X-Ray exhibition
iit Sanitarium next Tu<*sday eve.; seats fre;;
no collection.
THE Fostere, Occidental. Hall, Larkln and Mc-
Allister, Sunday. March 3, nt Z. 10c. tests; 8,
C,">c; materialization, independent writing en
your own scaled elates;- convincing tests;
ir-.UBic. " ' . '
A -MRS. J. J. WHITNEY: test meeting; ques-
tlrms answered; messages; sittings idally, Jl. j
UCI O'Farrell st., Kllls-st. car; admission 10c. :
A— DR. RINGS' Spiritual Society. 909. Market:
31. free; 2-S, 10c: 6 good mediums; 'ail tests;
all are welcome; free platform.
3.IRS. E15ERHARDT. convincing test meeting |
10-nipht. . l&c. -SZ50 Twenty-second .et., near
Valencia; . skeptics invited.
A MEETING this evening; 10c; bring sealed
questions or flower*.. MRS. GILI4NGHAM.
SC5 Larkin £t. . ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ "¦
MENTAL science headquarters -and free read-
Jag room; 'consultation free. 14 HcAlllster
¦¦ st., room 17. .--.:. .
CONVINCING test circle to-night. * o'clock.
3c. MRP. WERMOUTII. 416 Golden Gate
avenue. ¦ ' . • . • .- '.
MRS. ELSIK* REYNOLDS' raaterlaiiitnjr re-
ar.ee Sunday evening. VAG llarket-st.; COc.
MME. 1'OUNO'S convincing ¦ test circle t<>-
r.irr.t. . 60S McAllister Et. ; 10c; come; ekeptlcs.
MRP. Mary Evans. 120 Flxth. r. 16: developing
circle Tues. night; circle other evenings. .10c.
"\V. G. KEEGAX h<51d* -spiritual meeting every
n!_ht except -t^at... 1&C.-14S Sixth, 2d floor.
ATTEND Mm». Marquise's test circle to-night
at .*: Me* fittlncs dally. I Hyde st.
EARLE— Last eean» . tb-nigrht. Pythian Hall.
909 -Market «t. : questions answered.;
MRS. VIGAR'S test meeting to-night, 10c. 14$
Sixth et., room 21: sittings dally. .
C. V. MILLER'S. materializing seance, S p. m .,
80c. 10SJ Bush, st.' - -.'
BIEKTINU* — Lnt vernal Urotlierltood.
INTERNATIONAL -Brotherhood League (nori-
political and unsectarlaii), humanitarian de-
partment of Universal Brotherhood, will hold
its meeting TO-NIGHT at IT. B.'Hall. 3W
O'Farrell et.: subject; "Hypnotism. Ex-
¦ plained." Speaker*. Drs. A. Griffiths and J.
¦ A. Anderson. Musical and literary selections'.
All lnvltfd.— Next Sunday the Greek eym-
pcf'.um "A Prcir.lft." ¦
U__T1\C NOTICES. : .
FRANCO-^ AMERICAN~Lodge No. '^JSZ"^T
. 207, I. O..O. F.— Officers and £%?__!g£
members are ¦ respectfully re- r^S^
quested to be present at a »pe- : z™*~
cial meeting to' beiheld on STJNDAT AFTER-
NOON at 1:30 o'clock for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our late brother, P.
MOREJEAN. •' A. BALVA, N. G.
A- LEON AITRADON. Sec - ' •
ALTA Lode* No. MS. I. <?. O. I\— jj__W£K»."
Meeting Mcndny, llar^fj 4-. at S p.
. rn. Official visit of Grand Master
W. W. Watson. All members * t''*T
¦.*¦-* rn«»Ftlv requested to attend. Visitors cor-
dially lnv!te<T.- ", M. L. CUOSSIM. .N. O.
¦'..ALF VOLIGNT, itMronllng Secretary. j
EXCELSIOR Lodce No.' 3:6. I. O.'^j^i^
O:. reinitiation . MONDAY «i2P__5S_
.¦EVENING. March -4. at 8 o'clock. T?§3>S3gJc"
¦ • Mcir.r<ni and visitors" cordially -• "*•*¦•
. invlfi.' ¦ T. O. NIXON, Iff. O.
.. .6. rX'OTT. J'.eeordinff Secretary. ;
KN5GHTS Of" RED BUAltCH— r ¦ _r
• The. attc-r.tion -of. Jiir members of .'
thjF «f»-iety Is' eahr.<*j'ti> celled ti • _c
tr.e fp.rt f:u-.t fn next MON1>AY. i,*^_/_{»
• ttfc Jt-rt.. - at Metroa-jlltan Hull. •*» "^ &
tl.c ISM r.tnd— — — iry of the liirtli -^S_____?
'-. «.*:.niix;i-:HT emmet »riii b» c*i- ' »y> m T? ! '
-.ebrated. The ivame r>f the illcs-
trtous i>ad and the tvputatlon of the K. R.
. ¦ Ii.: fr<r jircvious rwccesKful ceiebratigns oupht
to he .an Incentive- to .nembers to see that the j
ores— i— atloB lnt<rs" n.js»- cf iU: good name in
• .r->errrhor if requeued to friect tlie corpmlttee
«-f p.r.rcn;.'cmeT:ts at K. R. B. Hali NEXT
f-TNlJAV, t!io -Mlr!:I., «t 1 c'cltek p. m.
- - T-ff-S'^s Jcr the rol'-rii-atlrn may l>e liad nt
i>i:akt nr.os.-. 20 sixth st.. c. pheeham,
'.43 Klfth rt.. and at the hsll of the nociety.
OV'ltfCEiU«.- 3Ki1 rfemlx — of Xh' Longshore
• •I.unifirrrnen'i P.rrterllvp Aspoclatlon— You are
. ' .—xj\»e»;!e<l to attend the ¦?rA-U-<^ of our de-
. <-.i.-ii>e<J mfmbcr. KALI'II Mc-INTVER, at Ef.
Mary's Oatbed TmL corner of O'Karrell tt. and
Van Nrts ave, FT'NDAY, 2 p. m . By order
GKO. KHER'JAX, Prudent
J. E. rtlORDAN. li«.-ordlng Secretary-
AGENTS WASTED. !
THE RIO MICHOL RUBBER COMPANY of
Han Francisco. Cal., wants Intelligent men to
act aa its agents throughout the United
States; must be men of character, address &
push. Tlie company owns large properties, Is
out of debt & in a thoroughly sound A flour-
ishing condition. It has a considerable acre'-
Rgi already planted to rubber & has a large
force of men constantly at work. It offers for
sale a limited number of Interest bearing and
Installment certificates. A comparatively
email amount Invested now will produce largo
and steadily increasing Income in near future.
. The corporation invites closest investigation.
Agents and Interested persons apply Rio Ml-
chol Rubber Co.. r. 63-65, Crocker bide.. S. F.
AGEXTJ- Kncrgetlc agenta can establish
themselves In splendid paying business sell-
ing latent improved gasoline gas lamps; no
mantel or chimney; generate & light with
finjtle match: also gravity _ 1000 candle-
power arc lamps; positively lowest prices;
J1000 In premiums to best agrents for 1901.
American Lighting Co.. Chicago. «
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair: will
not irritate, burn nor poison the most dellcat*
ffcln: personal demonstrations free: agents
wanted. Ontario Chem> Co.. agcy., 426 Ellis.
COLLECTOR and canvasser wanted: good po-
Eitlon and chance for advancement. Apply
E. C. LITTLE, room 6. 405 Montgomery Et.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able ar.d easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
SOLICITORS wanted; good pay; permanent.
Apply 12 to 1. room SI3, Parrott building.
WANTEI>— Ajrents in each city: good money.
P.-iHflo Coast M. _ L. Co.. 4S0 9th. Oakland.
ATTOUXBY* AT LAW.
ADVICE free-; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without Fuccess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, ntty at '.aw, K,0 Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. MCKNIGHT, collections: damages; es-
tates: mining; open even. 592 Parrott bldg.
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a
specialty: M'.lis big., r. 3. 4th fir.: tcl.Red 3616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S?7 Mar-
ket st. : consultation free: no fees In advance.
ASFMI * I /TOI KIKII'IXU. ¦
J. PELTIER asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palreC: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
BATII CABIXETS.
BATH CABINETS: ROUINSON. Niagara. Per-
trrtirn and nth»r». Awiht 42*. Kills St.. S. F.
HOARDING FOIt CHI LURK*.
WANTED— By highly respectable couple, the
care of child 2 to 4 years, long or short
period;, terms moderate: fine home and sunny
yard; object, companion for our own child
tVs years. ISox-014. Call offlce.
WOULD like a child to board; good home:
• large sunny yard; In Mission. Address box
2070, Call office.
PLEASANT home, near school; no other chil-
dren; good care. 432 Clipper et.
DVSIM-S- CHANCES.
A— tlCT.O; CORNER raloon. location Third and
Mission sts-.; rent $00; lease; corner can't be
beat;' about $1000 stock en hand; owner must
have operation performed, only- cause of sale.
K. G. WILKE. 8tVi Kearny et.
A— SlloO; SALOON close to Montgomery St.;
place established 20 years; clearing at least
$230 per ironth ; 3 furnished rooms Included;
rer.t -S55. Call R. G. WILKE; 26'£ Kearny.
A— J4M; PORK and delicacy store; rent $22 60;
geod-paying business; very best location;
owner to leave city. Call R. G. WILKE,
ii l i Kearny Ft.
A— Jl_»; CAFE and restaurant; elegantly fitted
up and dc'.ng a rushing business; located
close to Powell and Market sts. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26»i Kearr.y Et.
A— $700: HALF-INTERBST in flrst-class pay-
Ing restaurant; daily receipts about $60: rent
$75: r*tiring partner to leave for East; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny 6t.
A— $1230; CORNER grocery and bar: choicest
part Western Add.; clean store, fresh stock;
pood raying business: rent $32. Inquire R.
G. WILKE. 264 Kearny tt.
A— $SM: CORNER butcher shop In northern
part of city; rent ?20; horse, cart; selling 4
tattle end about 15 Bheep per week; a cash
custom. Call R. G. WILKE, %M Kearny st.*
VORK-PACKING business ;, buildings and busl-
kcsk complete; located in mining town:. fine
ojportunUy for butcher: owner will exchange
for Fmall residence; 11000.
G. W. SCWEINHARD. 317 Market st.. r. 2.
3 FINK board ond lodging-houses for Bale; they
are Al and price reasonable; also good hotel
for sale.
G. \V. FCWEINHARD. 917 Market St.. r. 2.
$350— RESTAURANT north of Market' St.; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co., 777"^ Market *t.
I2CV-DELIOACY. branch bakery Rnd varlet>
store. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. ~~hi Market.
A — $12C; SHOE Fhop and repairing; established
30 years. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777>i Market.
S«5CG— A FIKST-CLASS rooming-house of 2S
rooms: larre dining-room: can be run or rent-
ed: house full of steady roomers: downtown;
d<»ath cause of selling: apply for 3 days. WE-
HER'S Business Agency, 5S5 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery nnd bar for sale cheap;
In one of the best locations In the city. Ap-
ply to Secretary of Grocers' Union, 214 Cali-
fornia et.
AN offor— Grocry and bar; 4 years' lease;
$1S per month: $25 to $£> cash sales per day;
Ihf owner leaving the city: call and Investi-
gate. Husinpss Hoard of Trade, 326 Pine st.
Ji:.&0— PAYING saloon; centrally located: rent
ISO; live years' lease. WICHMAN, LUTGEN
_ CO.. SIS Clay Et.
DRUG store — Great ' bargain; well estab.; will
positively sell to highest bidder next 3 days;
owner going to Europe. Med. Hall, 136 Powell.
A.— $200; PARTNER wanted: light business;
¦ : must be satisfied with $1S to *25 a week; no
iexp^rience required. 23 Geary St., room 1.
FIRST-CLASS opportunity for first-class phy-
sician'; practice now worth $2:00 cash. Full
particulars box 20C1, Call office.
A' CIGAR store; centrally located: must be sold
rn account of sickness; TC M be sacrificed. Ad-
dress box W42, Call offlce.
ELECTRIC business for sale; long established ;
jrood Une of trade; parties going north. Uox
204D, Call office.
DRUG clerk wanted as partner in business :
.dally receipts $20; only $300 required. Box
2075, Call offlce.
¦BARGAIN— Stock and fixtures of millinery
(tore at 23S Eighth St.; also household furnl
ture.
*325 — SALOON and 1 bedroom; bargain. 640
. Commercial Bt., s<— ond door from Kearny.
C.OAL oil and gasoline business cheap; party
going to. Alaska. ESI Washington St.. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPH gallery. 1450; fine location;
. .eooC buslnese.' Box 2094, Call offlce, Oakland:
BLACKSMITH Fhop for _ale cheap— Must be
: sold; can see shop Sunday. 2812 Mission st. '
DENTIST wanted with $3000 for Interest In
ibeet offlce In city. Box 2031, Call offlce.
FOR tal»— A fine pay ins grocery and bar; West-
ern Addition. Box 2072. Call office.
FOR «*a!e— -Water front saloon, cheap; near
¦ transport dock. 9 Howard st.
?i:S-RESTAURAN*T, with 2 furnished roomi;
rer.t $12. 059 Howard st.
FOR eale — Locksmith's ehop. Inquire at 140O
: Polk Bt.. 'after 7 p. ra:
F : OR' eale— Will offer for sale until March 6
:the horses, wagons, fixtures and all the para-
phernalia of Stanford Meat Market. Palo
:AUo, Cal.; the shop- does a business of 130 000
a year: only one other shop in the town.
¦FRANK BARRETT, Palo Alto, Cal.-
TOR cale in one of the best towns In Califor-
nia, a first class liquor business. $2000 to $3000
required. Inquire' 116 Front Pt.. San Fran.
FOR sale— Restaurant, established for 20 years,
.with a very large, steady trade. Box 2010,
Call office. - r
AA— HOC: grand opportunity for lady or gent. •
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, 'notions.
¦Waitlng-rocm, 23d ave. station, E. Oakland.
JEWELRY business for rale cheap In Oak-
'land. Cal.; mood • location; good reason lor
felling. Address box 2182. Call offlce.
FINE butef and egg Ftore In the Grand
Western Market. J. H. EGGERS. stalls 1-2.
1312 Polk Ft.
$115n— BEST creamery, candy, bakery, horse,
• wagon; dally receipts $40; trial given. Box
•:016. Call office.
1
¦ ¦ .
'."OR ra1«— Good pnylr.g galoon. 721 Mission fct.
WANTF.D-Aftlve man to buy Interest in lum-
ber company. P.05 1S35. Call office.
-INCORPORATED mfg. company wishes to bor-
row ?_;.t«;0; nood security. IJox 1S37. Call.
GOOD butter and cprc route: horse and wagon,
i Apply fruit Ftcre. 3S4 Sanchez st., corner 17th.
STOCK and fixtures of candy and stationery
- r.tcre- for r ale cheap; no agents. 205 Polk Bt.
PM— BAKERY ar.d notions; estab. It years;
rent Sl_; no agents: must sell. Corner Twelfth
end Center sts.. Oakland. Cal.
PARTNER wanted in established cloak manu-
facturing business. Addron » box 1943. . Call.
FINE corner to open grocery; rent $23; worth
. $09. LAYMANCE. 4C0 Eighth «t.. Oakland.
nUSIXESS CHANCES CONTIXUBD.
FOR Sale— A flrst-clpss candy factory, Ice
creara and lunch parlors of 7 years' standing.
In one of the best gold mining towns of Cal-
ifornia; pays well all year around; In sum-
mtr 510 per day clear profit: annual receipts
$6000; large profits; fitted up In first-class
style; 2Vi H. P. gas engine and 40-quart Mills
freezer; chance to do wholesale business; al-
ways carry large stock; manufactures Its own
Boda water; rent only JI0 per month; beat ref-
erences from all wholesale houses of San
Francisco and Sacramento; actual value of
fixtures, machinery, stock, etc., about $2700;
will tell for $180(J: owner wants to go to
Alaska on business and mining Interests In
May. UDemartlnl Supply Co., 518 Front, S.F.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER, Nevada City. Cal.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for eale. Apply
Call Business offlce.
T-ARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call business office.
A PARTNER wanted who understands real es-
tate and general brokerage business for the
city; a fine opportunity for the right man
with small capital. Box 1S?7, Call office.
FOR sale — A eteam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley doing a business from $100 to $150 per
week: no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
l£<fi. Call offire.
RESTAURANT for sale; come and Investigate:
price $4C0. Id Howard »t.
J30 WINS $300 per month at races: references
riven. Information Ly.ons. 921 Market, r. 4. •
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore St.
-ORGING-HOUSES FOH SALE).
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.: telephone 1333.
48 rooms, N. of Market, only $1600
16 rooms, Hyde, very finely furnished COO
20 rooms, rent $50, location desirable 900
15 rooms, a sunny corner, rent $72 50.... 900
9-room flat, new furniture, must sell 1 f.00
If a bargain we have them at any price
north of south of Market street.
60 rooms, newly furnished, rent $150...: 3000
20 rooms. Van Ness, finely fur., extra.... KiJO
10 rooms. M50; 10 rooms, quick 3oO
A — 20 LIGHT eunny rooms, neat and clean;
family apartment house; big money maker;
steady roomers; good beds, carpets and fur-
niture: rent only $50: price $900, part cash;
desirable location. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Mkf.
1G ROOMS nicely furnished: all light ; north of
Market; only tCOO. FISHER & CO.
24-ROOM house on Market st SSSO
33-room house; cheap rent 1000
7-room flat: b»Bt part of city 375
?2 rooms: very good: clears $100 950
17 rooms: near Call ofhee 600
24 rooms; sure to clear $100 1000
33 rooms; on Market Rt 1S00
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
EO-room boarding-house $4300
140-room hotel; clears JSOO SROrt
eo-room corner hous»: clears $3. r .0 5000
10 rooms; on Eddy «t. ; clears $75 «50
10 rooms; on Taylor «=t 450
16 rooms: new, elegant furniture -1400
28 rooms: new; elegant: clears $300 2300
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: tel. Mint 796.
MARION GRIFFIN. ~ ~~ ™
719 Market St.. near Call bldg. Tel. Black l«03.
14 rooms, honton. finely furnished $800
8 rooms, $1000, $600, $400, $323, $.";75 and 2;K)
10 rooms, $550, $450, $650, $330. $300, up to. 850
60 rooms, rent $135, hair mattresses, run-
ning water In each room;, fine business. 8300
46 rrr.s., N. Mkt.. central, full, a mint 1800
I have a long list: b.11 sizes; Beveral city
hotels; investigation Boliclted.
A— 22-ROOM house on principal street; "...
Income $90; rent $3o: housekeeping;
no work; must be sold on account
of Mckn*ss. Price $3W spot cash
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. near Call bldg.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buj-Ing. We have' them all sizes and prices:
$750 — 20 rooms; all one floor; Geary st. ; clears
$100; only $250 cash reoulred.
$200 cash for 11-room .house; nicely furnished;
good location; balance payments. • •
$600 — For 22-room ¦ house on principal street;
clears $75: sacrificed for quick sale.
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money, you pay nn you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to eult
nil buyers; titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buylne call. '
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. '
Phone Mint 1911. 317 Market st., bet. 5th & Cfh.
A 2S-ROOM lodging-house downtown: all full;
clears J125 per month: reason for selling,
called away. Address box 2078. Call office.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses;
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S
Sixth st. •
SSOO— MODERN house. IS rooms, good furniture;
always full: rent $M; bargain. 834 Folsom «>t.
60 ROOMS: rent $S5. with water; clear about
$300 per month; Oakland. H., box 2002. Call.
O'FARRELL. 4CSH— House of 6 rooms; furni-
ture for sale; bargain; rent $22 &0.
BARGAIN— 10 rooms, elegantly furnished. 12/
O'Farrell St.
LODGINO-HOU.SE of 10 rooms for sale cheap.
<40 Third st.
SIMIHTUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy. Prince L*>s-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of
the one you will marry, for a short time;
the only medium In the world bo sure of his
occult power that he will give every person
who comes prepared a wonderful free test.
¦ Call or write with stamps for answer, 13X2
Market »t.. opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
A— MRS. .T. J. WHITNEY, tranc*. business
medium, llf<» reader, medical clairvoyant; elt-
tlngs. $1. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough, Ellis car.
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing tests to all:
circle*. 10c. Sunday, Tuesday; readings dally.
278 Ninth St.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrtst, palm-
lst and card reading. 25c. 1211V» Market st.
EARLE. 3C3 Taylor— Last usance Sunday night,
Pythian Hall, 9C9 Market Ft.
EARLE. 305 Taylor Bt.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally;* seance Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. LESTER— Readings. C0c; circle every eve
ex. Eat.. 10c; deyei. circle Tu>s. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
_KS. IX3UISK ". DREW. Psychic. Klectrle
and Magnetic Healer, room 14, 3C5 Iiarkln et.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C J.
Meyer; sittings dally: t»st» to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIItVOTANTS.
ISMAR THE OYPSY.
ISMAR. the E_yptlan Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead: happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight Into the future. If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled in life, consult ISMAR. for she is a proph-
eters of world-wide fame and her name naa
come a proverb In thousands of homes made-
happy bv her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her of flee, 1148
Market et.. opp. Sixth. By mail three ques-
tions answered. $1. Full life reading, $5.
MME. M.' BERNARD. ~~™
THE FAMOUS i:V-
Clatrr oyant iind business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third Bt.. next Examiner building
Ehe reads your life correctly, gives an accurats
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In tho
future. If you nre In -trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you xvin be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of llf«;
26c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant and High Psychist.
He tells your name, conditions, desires, hopes,
etc., without asklnsr a single question; cures
dlseasa without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself lucky;
reunites the separated ; makes harmony In your
home; gives accurate advice on all business af-
fairs, Investments, mining.' oil. etc.: readings
by mall: send' stamp for terms. 123 Turk st.
MRS. E. SANDERS, tlie Quaker medium and
palmist, teaches mind vibration, tlie greatest
secret on earth; u business men, untold
wealth, reunites! lovers and brings home ab-
sent husbands, sons or daughters: 15 years'
experience. 3104 Market St.. room 28.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. th» well-known tn>nce
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate nve.. rooma 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; Fend stamp - for - pam-
plilet with special terr ng. Daily and Sunday.
MME. POnTER. wonderfu"l~clalrvoyant~&Ta7d
reader, born with double veil— second slghl-
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c'
•gents Si; palm, and clair. sit. $1 to. 12S | Turk.'
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market on
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MME. LA ROSE. b~t clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 2.V: up. 472 Blevenson »t, cor 6th.
MR3. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, walir
reader. 11 €th; German wpoken; tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
1st and card reader: .25c 7 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card- reader; past]
present, future; 23c. 143 Sixth at., room 14.
-.'/.;.'] CLAinVOYAJVTS.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever in San
Francisco.
_ PROFESSOR JOHNS.
The wcrld's greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted daily on all affairs of
life; he advises you whether you will be sue-.
ce?sful. In business, mlnlnu-or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns Is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the roost scientific practicing palmist
an d clairvoyant In the world to-day. -
There Is no home so dreary or sad, no life
so hard and blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this Inspired prophet or modern
times; all long-standing and chronic diseases
that have baffled the physlcian'B skill cur?d
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated, settles lovers' quarrels, - causes
epeedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits:
drunkenness cured without the patient a
knowledge; tells If your loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person is best adapt-
ed for In life Is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble Is, he can and will help you or
oharge-you nothing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught; medlumlstla per-
sons developed. 26% Kearny et., near Market.
Readings by mall.
If you cannot cali, write. Give date of birth,
«tat» whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss: ask six
questions: inclose $1. 9 a. m. to' 8 p. m.
MME. SCHAFFER." clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448^ Jessie St.. bet. 5th & 6th.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune-
tfller. has removed to 222 Eddy st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader anil
palmistry; truth or no'p3y: 25c. 1149 Mission.
HME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently: business
wdvlre; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth xt.
CARIMET 11EATINO AXD CLEAXI.NO.
WHEN you becoma disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 253-357 Tehamiv Et ; tel. South 40.
CARPETS denned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c:
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Oolden
Gate- ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blaln*: painless cure. .Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market »t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHEAP— Cottage on Twenty-ninth St. for sale.
D. COFFIN, cigar store, opp. Twenty-ninth
st., on Mission. w:~.O
TO LET— u-room cottage; high basement;
planked; garden end shade trees; modern
Improvements; rent $10.. 238 Day St., near
Sanchez, Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth.
$25— FURNISHED cottage. 6 rooms and bath;
nice garden. 722 Shotwell. bet. 21st and 22d.
DENTISTS.
ALBA Dentists. 21 Powell street, room 32.
Painless extraction, 25c; silver fillings, 25c;
gold and platinum filling Jl; gold crowns, $3;
porcelain crowns, $4; bridges, per tooth, $4;
fet teeth, mounted on rubber, $6 60; we have
no ups; for these prices we guarantee to use
the best material money can buy: we Kive
yoa a written guarantee to refund your
money any time you are not satisfied; elevator.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg-., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 50 up; plates/extractions free,- {4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. Bee our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings, COc; plates,
13. full set: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. m-
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridge»
. and filltnzs: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; r.o students; advice free; prices
cheapest' and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. F.leventh
— No charce for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting, oCc; gas given .
THE New York Dentists have • moved to 961
Mission St., cor. Eixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: dilficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, SOc. . ' ¦
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2?.5 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full w»t of teeth. ?4; crowns. $3; fillings, 23c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pafr.-
le«s extraction Mc:plates J3up;phone Polkll33.
DR. H. Q. TRUKMAX. dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlnor building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Ft., corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 13<1 Polk rt.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDEON pleating; countrj' orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofT_tt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; tS per month: $30 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand coures;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue..
¦WANTED — An ofllce bey to work 2 hours dally
in exchange tuition. Ayres Business College.
AT the Woman's Educational and Industrial
Union, 7 Van Ness ave.. English. French,
Spanish. German, mandolin, violin. guitar,
painting, dressmaking, millinery, halrdress-
ing and manicuring taught for {1 £0 a month;
singing and cooking $1 a month.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg. —
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
UallaRher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prnc-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
JIKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, | typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical mid mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; newSO-page catalogue free.
EVENING SCHOOL, . S. . F. BUSINESS COL-
liEGE, 1236 Market St.; Individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil et-rvlce coaching; tuition $5 month.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford profeesor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written .contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
tlong to all Its graduates. 305 Larktn st.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrotf bldg. ; Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 229 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech., sur-
vey, essay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 333 Market.
A FULL course In Ellis booKkeeplnir and the
Gregg Shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market St. .
SUPERIOR violin, rith«:r, guitar, banjo, man-
dolln lessons, tOc. W. P. CHAMBERS, 244
Taylor at. t '
A— PRIVATE academy of dancing, ballroom
and stage. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde gt.
ITALIAN and French lessons, practlcnl meth-
od, by a lady teacher. Address box 2091. Call.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris; violin, mandolin.
guitar- experienced. 100S Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
ete.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.- tth.
COACHING In high school mathematics a sp<£
clalty; simple methods; successful. 3040- 16th. 1
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
KMPLOYBIKXT OFFICES. ; V^
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and House-
cleaning Co.. best help; send men at short
notice, nzj Putter", nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 23!>1.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office— Dest
lielp furn.; domestic servants: work executed
with care. t dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bu«h 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help - of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post ?t.: tel. Bu«h 13."».
JAPANESE -central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help^ 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
JAPAXESE nnd Chinese employment offlce—
Best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 313 Stockton;' Main 51KS.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
rse help fur. 544 California ; phone James 2501.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Cht-
nese help. 42<; Powell, nr.Suttef; tel. Black 5072. j
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office— !
_Hest help. 4tl^ O'Farrell gt.; tel. East 426. ¦ j
EMPI.OYMEXT . WANTED t-'EMALK.
BY intelligent young girl of . good , education-
and- some business experience, position to an-
plst* with, office work and learn bookkeeping;
small salary at first. , Box 2046. Call, office. ,
BJIPLOl'MENT . WAXTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG lady, S years' experience, desires sit-
uation as stenographer and typewriter; also
acquainted with bookkeeping; references. A.
"M..care ALDEX CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oak-
land, t. ii- ;. ; -'?-
AN American girl wishes a situation as nurse
to children over 2 years old; willing to assUt
with chamberwork. but no waiting at table.
Bot 2039, Call. - ¦-
WANTED— Position as Invalid's nurse; city or
country. A. R. M.. 1239 O'Farrell; Y. U.
C. A.
LADY would like care of child over 2 years
old; small wases; good home desired. Ad-
dress M. E. II.. 1779 Halght st. __
WANTED—POEltlon by middle-aged English
woman as working housekeeper ¦ or cook on
farm. 913 Flllmore St.. near McAllister.
WOMAN wishes work by the day washing
house cleaning. Apply at 71» Katoma. St..
upstairs. • ' _^ •
YOUNG: lady French teacher desires posiyor.
as visiting governess or teaching; experi-
ence; references. Box 2011. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day. Address S37 Howard st.
SEAMSTRESS would like position In private
family: willing to assist in light work. Ad-
dress 1?31 Fifteenth St.
SECOND work wanted by Swedish cirl in
small family. Address A. C. 1931 Fifteenth!
AN- American woman - .wishes -washing- or
noutecleaning by th« day; $1 23 a day. Ap-
ply MRS. CARY, 767 Folsom Bt.
BY young woman possessing good education.
experience and best of reference, position as
day governess or typewriter and offlce assist-
ant. I Box 2015, Call offlce.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day wash-
ing and ironing; 51 a day. 1412 Mason St.,
near Broadway. .
EXPERIENCED nurse wants a few more en-
gag-ements; good reference. 120 Fell st. ;
GERMAN lady, good dressmaker, desires a
position In a family for sewing or take care
of an Invalid lady. Address box 2062. Call.
A COMPETENT nurse would like confinement
. or other cases: reasonable terms; best of ref-
erences. Box 20C5, Call olflce.
WANTED— A position by an experienced In-
fant's nurse; thoroughly trustworthy; first-
class references. Box 2C66, Call offlce.
GIRL wishes general housework and cooking
acrofs the bay; Berkeley preferred. Apply
611 Bcott St.: no portals answered.
SITUATION wanted by first-class waitress and
parlor maid. Please call at 2610- Jackson St.,
between 9 and 2.
RESPECTABLE young fcidy wishes position
to do chamber work or housework In a small
family; call for 3 days. Box 20C9, Call offlce.
AMERICAN woman wants a situation as work-
ing housekeeper; good cook; references given.
Address L. G., 145 Seventh st.
WOMAN wants laundry work by the day.
Call or address 511 McAllister st.
ELDERLY English woman as housekeeper to
aged couple or widower's family; city or
country. Box 2073, Call office.
A LADY -would like a place to work by the day,
Monday and Friday; 1135 a day. Call or
write, 106 Eleventh St., box 24.
WOMAN wnnta plain sewing to do, 50c a day.
Call 1393 Market *t.
AS housekeeper by neat, economical, elderly
woman; understands cooking, washing and
entire care of children; wages $10 to $ 15. 250
Tehama st.
WANTED— A position to do general house-
work in a small American; family by a young
girl; wages (20 a month. Address box 2015,
Call offlce. I
YOUNG couple, quiet, wife wants work for
husband's board or 10cm and small wages In
small family. Box 2006. Call office.
YO1TXG lady wishes to do upstairs work and
sewing In San Rafael. Box 2004, Call, office.
WANTED — A position as governess or com-
panian; city or country; best reference. J.
A. M.. 125 South Park.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work at
home. 951 Sutter St.; telephone Larkin 9C2.
GOOD experienced girl wishes position as
housekeeper. Call at 42S O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants place as cook
or second work; good cook: be*t of city refer-
ences; $23 or $30. Call at 710 North Point at.,
between Hyde and Montgomery ave.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
k?t-2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night, $1 60 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
_nd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMKXT WAXTED MALE.
STEADY, sober man and wife; take full charge
of country private place; man understands
all gardening, vineyards, horses, run gasoline |
engine; wife Is good cook and housekeeper If j
wanted: best references. R. GARDENER,
258A Shipley St., bet. Fifth nnd Sixth.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position out-
side of city or State:* references, etc. fur-
nlshed. EHAVIN. 657 Bush st... city.
COMPETENT bookkeeper .want? care of books
of some small business; all time not being
required; salary moderate: references fur-
nlBhed. Pox 2C35. Call off.ee.
A POSITION as traveling salesman wanted by
gentleman. 33; cood address, strictly temper-
ate, energetic: first-class references: a live
- hustler. J. CURRY, 17C6 Fourteenth et..
Oakland.
YOUNG man with fjne business training and
years of practical experience In all branches
of offlce work desires position with reputable
concern: 4 years with last employers. Box
2022. Call.
YOUNG man, past 30, speaking 3 languages,
with experience as clerk, stock clerk, sales-
man, etc.. willing to be generally useful, will
. accept any respectable Job offered. Box 2136,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man; flret-class coachman; first-clasa
gardener; perfectly sober and reliable; can
furnish the best of references. W. S.. S3J
Mission st.
JOB compositor holding first-class" steady posi-
tion wishes to change; must be permanent;
city or countrj*. Box 2053, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a younsr Swiss-Ger-
man In a private family; understands gar-
dening, care of horses and cows, etc. Box
2047, Call office.
BUTLER— Flrst-clnss butler with best city ref-
.erences wants place for short time by the
week; terms very low. Box 2063, Call offlce.
DRUMMER familiar with coast counties from
Humboldt to Santa Cruz would like engage- j
merit after March 4; reference. Box 2067. CalL
SOBER, honest, middle-aged man would like
a few hours' work each €ay at JOc per day.
Address box 2076, Call offlce.
RELIABLE, competent chief cook wants posi-
tion; hotel or restnurant: flrst-class city ref-
orence. Address PETERSON,. 615 Larkln et.
SOBER, steady, reliable young man desires to
. assist with housework and cooklnp; suburb
or country preferred. Box 2093. Call offlce.
YOUNG man, 25 years, wants position at pri-
vate detective work for agency or corpora-
tion; reference civen. Box 2CS1. Call.
BAKER foreman wants work on bread and
cakes.- Address 124 Eureka st., near ISth.
WANTED— Situation by a young man who Is
a thorough kitchen and dining-room man as
manager or steward. Address box 20S4, Call.
YOUNG married man having knowledge of thr?e
languages, willing and capable to do almott
anything as clerk or generally useful, where
there Is chance for advancement. . Address
LOWER. 3S6 Filbert st.
ELDERLY couple would like to take charge
of a private place In the country; best refer-
ences given. Address box 1933. Call offlce.
A BTRONG younsr man. 21. would like po«l-
¦ tlon with opportunity for advancement. Box
2003, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED poultryman would like situa-
tion: understands incubators and all details
«f the business. Box 2C07. Call ofllce.
.' MAN with references wishes night work
from 6 p. m. to 5 a. "m. as watchman. Janitor
or porter. Address box 20C3, Call office.
EXPERT machinist, well posted on electrical
and steam machinery, desires employment;
good reference?. Address box 1932. Call office.
STATIONARY engineer, strictly sober ami In-
dustrious. ' capable of making all repair*. 12
years' experience, wants st^orly position;
best Of references. Box 1845. Cell. . .
YOUNG man experienced with taking care of
good btock horses wants position at same.
MONTGOMERY. 235 Eighth St. ' .
A YOUNG colored man would l!k» situation In
private family; thoroughly understands the
care of horses and careful driver, and make
himmelf generally. useful.' -Box 19S0. Call.
WORK wanted by a first-class paperban&er.
decorator and painter; country or city; refer-
ences given. Address box'I«2, Call office.
STEADY j-ounc man wants position as book-
keeper: tjt'o'J recommendation. \d<3ress 21
Post rt.
CLASSIFIED a«1v»rti?ements and subscriptions
received nt Call hrnnch office. jgQO Flllmore st.
KIXAXCIAIU
INCORPORATE your companies under~i_rvsTf
South Dakota; most liberal laws for corpora-
.. tions; low cost; non-utsessable stock; liberal
charters. • For full Information free address
lock box C, Pierre. Suiith Dakota.*- .
WANT $UC0: will pay 2 p-r cent: security fur-
niture. 2S rooms: no agents. Address box 1941
Call offlce '
. . FIUTHKR Pll.l.nW>.
HOTELS and private parties wishing 10 have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovate-
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 2-44 Stevenson Ft.
KliA'»"* I- I.KT.
A — NEW upper sunny modern flat. five
rooms and bath. !>73 Golden Gate ave.. oppo-
' site Jefferson Square.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister St. Apply G. H. UMESEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. .
$15—2 SUNNY flats, 4 rooms: on Leavenwcrth
. St. Apply PATTERSON . CO., 11- City Hall
square. •
BOWIE ave., 5, off Eleventh st.— A flat of 3
rooms; bay-window; clieap rer.t to small fam.
FLAT. 4 large sunny mms; yard. 57 Converse
St.. oft 'Bryant, bet. E!ghth and Ninth.
FOR sale — 8-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
a nice home. ,1043 Ellis tt.
FOUR newly papered sunny rooms: $9 SO. Har-
* riet St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, near Bryanc.
MCALLISTER. 1243. bet. Flllmore and Steiner—
Lower flat, 5 rooms and bath. .
POST, 1714. near Buchanan— Modern sunny flat-
of 4 room_ and bath; $13^
STEINER. 1S07H. nr. Suiter— Sunny lower bay-
window flat; 5 large noun; bath; latest Imp.
SUNNY rear flat of 3 rooms: rent $D. • Powell
»t., near Broadway. Inquire 13CS Powell Bt. .
THREE-ROOM flat, corner McAllister and
Polk sts. Inquire butcher shop. ;
TO let— Upper Rat; 7 rooms; rent 125. 701
O'Farrell »t. »
4 NEWLY furnished eunny rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. 3478 Twenty- fifths nr. Mission.
$7—3 ROOMS: large yard. 727 Minna St.. near
Ninth ¦ j
$21-SUNNY fiat, 8 rooms and bath.' 163.)
Hayes st., near Panhandle.
123A PAGE St.; flat of 4 rooms; 134 Rose St..
3 rooms 1 bet. Gough and Octavla.
FO R SA I.EOKEXCl I A XG E.
OHIO farm cheap or trade for grain land.
Owner 1C8 Fourth st.. Oakland.
Fl'HMTUR- KOll SALE.
FURNITURE, nearly new, of 2 rooms for light
housekeeping: surroundings excellent; can re-
tain room if desired; no dealers. Call between
2 and 4 or 7 and 8 p. m., 1318 Page st.
FURNITURE of a 5-room modern flat, partly
furnished, for sale cheap; flat, to let. 203
Noe st., near Fifteenth.
FURNITURE of 5-room modern corner flat;
every convenience; rent $22 30. 403 Buchanan
St.. 10-4.
FURNITURE of 9- room house; a bargain;
suitable for doctor. Apply 1030 Mission st.
FURNITURE of an eight-room flat for sain
cheap. Inquire box 2077, Call offlce.
THREE beautiful bedsteads for sale cheap at
57 Boardman place.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 BO. with Xo. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-.1131 Market.
FL'KMTUIIE WAATED.
Auctioneer— L.VIncent.1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 494;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33S3.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1334.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. IIAXSEX & CO.'S... Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, same institution. $20; good place.
2 waitresses, same country hotel, |22 60; free
fare.
2 waitresses, name country hotel. $20.
2 waitresses, short distance-. $20.
Waitress, Santa Monica, $20 and free fare.
30 waitresses, different hotels, $20 and $25.
10 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $20, and
$7 week.
4 chambermaids, hotel, city. $20.
4 chambermaids to wait. $20.
Woman with a child. Institution, J15.
Cleaner, Institution. ,$20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
German cook for 4 men. $23.
Working housekeeper for 4 men, $20.
Houseglrl with good references who wants a
steady place, wages no object, short dis-
tance; cooks. houseglrl9. second girls,
city and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary »t.
WAITRESS for St. Helena. $20 and free Tare:
small country hotel; see party here; start
to-day.
C. R. HAXSEX & CO 104 Geary st.
COOK for private family of 2, keeps second
girl, $23. Oakland; K'rl for small family,
small house, a very nice place. $20. call to-
day. Sunday, at 10 a. m.; girl for family of
2. $20; 5 other nice places at $20. CAL. EMP.
AGENCY, 59 Third st. phone Red 31.
WANTED— Girls to make paper boxes. C_!
Market, third floor.
LADIES to do piecework home: we furnish all
materials; pay $7 to $12 weekly; send stamp-
ed envelope to Royal Co., 34 Monroe St.. Chi-
cago^ •
WANTED— Girl to assist in light housework
f.nd care of baby. ' Call at 310 Fulton st.
Monday, between 11 and 12 o'clock.
SPANISH speaking pirl to care for child and
assist; references. Box 2037, Call offlce.
YOUNG girl to care for child and sew;- refer-
ences. Box 2CC0. Call offlce.
GIRL for central housework and plain cook-
lnc; wages $20. Call 1322 Shattuck ave.. East
Herkeley^
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators
wanted. Apply to J. J. PFISTER Knitting '
Co.. 412 Polk St., near McAllister.
WANTED— Lady managers throughout U. S. ;
$20 weekly; N. Y. Cutting. 1208 Market. S. F.
WANTED — Refined lady to manage office bus-
iness; security required. 81 Murphy bids,,
third floor.
AMERICAN woman as working housekeever;
light .work: must have references. 1332 Polk.
XEAT Touns sirl for general housework In
small family. 2040 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist; family of two. 13C9
Treat ave.: call Monday.
HAIRDRESSING taught In 6 weeks; employ-
ment assured when competent; terms reason-
able. Halrdresslng College, 574 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on custom
pants. 411Vi Kearny St., top floor.
CUSTOM shirt operators and finishers. D. C.
I1EGER, 1344 Market St.. opposite Seventh.
WANTED — Young Elrl to do light housework
and learn dressmaking; also an apprentice.
Apply 234 Po»t St., room 10.
OPERATORS on ladles 1 shirt waists; steady
work; good pay. BAUER BROS., 21 Sansome.
A GIRL for general housework. 2712 Folaom
street.
WANTED— FlrFt-class millinery saleslady. Tho
Leon. 043 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS flnls-her on vests; call Sunday
morning or Monday. 919 1 ; Howard st.
YOUNG Intelligent lady for light offlce work;
small salary. Box 1939. Call office ..
2 GOOD pressers. Apply Xew Parisian Dyeing
Works, 2216 Folsom st.*
WANTED— Woman of quick comprehension to
travel; salary and expenses. Box 2079. Call.
WAXTED — First-class flnlsher on pants. 461H
Minna st., near Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS sewer on ladles' plain and
corded underskirts, etc.; take work home. II.
FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell St.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice' girl to
work on fine coats. 334 Kearny St., room 9,
Call Monday.
W ANTED— Competent girl for general light
housework: small family; vases $20. Call
Monday. 2510 Broadway, near Scott st.
WANTED— I experienced ranvassers; perma-
nent position. HOOVER Food Co.. room 1.
1327 Market rt.
WANTED— Nice young girl to take care of
child 2 years old. Apply In forenoon, H02
Stockton st.
WANTED — Seamstress. Send address to 30
Hannah st.. Watts Tract. Oakland.
WANTED— Salesladies for millinery and cloak
departments; state r>K<?. experience and sal-
ary expected. Apply box 1932. Call office.
WANTED— 2 ladles of pood address to show
samples and advertla.? new business; nothing
to eell. F. M. HUDDLKSTON. Oakland. Ca!.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory. Cough and Grove st».
WANTED— French or German girl for upstairs
•work and children; iroud wages. Call 3601
Clay *t. .
OPERATORS on ladles" wrappers- also work
given home. JITDA BROS., 109 Battery et.
WANTED— Lady Tetoucher and gpneral"a<«slst-
ant. Modern View ami Portrait Co.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED forelady on wrappers and
_walsts. Box 2C0S, Call offlce.
WANTED— Girl or elderly woman to do llsht
housework in country; two in family wa_>-s
J12. 741 O'Farrell *_ ; call between 3 and 12.
RELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
GIRL or woman orerator to a^si^t on shlrt.<;
Scandinavian woman. 110 Uerry «_
WANTED — A Koverness an<l Working tHMm
keeper: ntate tenn>«. l»x 20:s-, Call office.
LADIES t4 leern a trade and be ; ln(i»[)»n.ler!:-
barber trade taught In eight weeks;- hm r -
dresnjnic la. four wreelcs; catalocue mailed tr-*
MOLEUS Barber and Hairtlressins Cpllee"'
C33 Clay st. . • .
FIRST-CLASS, ladies' hairdressers and vent! *
tors. 4J Geary st.
OPERATORS en ladles' underwear to w J[(
In factor}-. 723 Market s.t.. room 35.
CLASPIF1KD advertisements and RlbseriBtl— m
received at Call branch office. 2I0O FU__wn «t
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements an!
subscriptions lias been established at ;ji
Valencia st. . '
IIKLP WASTED Jt\T.E.
A-MURRAY & READY Phcne Main
Leading employment and labor agents: wbt»
male help of all kind's furnished..
Free of Charge to:.-. ....."
Every employer of help_;..|.|
No syndicate too lar<>. no firm too s nail V'r
— a to supply; no objection to distance- vv»
ship good help to all parts of the wo-M '
Employers of help, phone, telegraph, writ* or
call in person anrl procure your h^lp fr-ra
Murray & Ready... ....:.. ....;...
We gave emplovm-nt..-. ..; '""*
J™ tO u P ward of .'..17,000 mi a
183S to upward of 15 WO men
1S&9 to upward of ¦..'....:.. .1,O>X)! me'i
19C0 to upward of .'...:..K,00ft mea
MURRAY A READY. 634-C6 Pay, st.
A— HELP WANTED...... 7. A. M. MOXtT-VT*
Miners, .silver, gold and other mines; 4 tnal
chine miners. Plumas County. J73 and founj
fare paid, see bcs^ h»re *
2 single-hand miners, south $30 and fcuni
Fash and door maker, country planing mill
Choreman and milk few cows .¦ isi
2 milkers, same dairy, north $3%
4 teamster-, city work- Jl 73 and J2 dav
6 farm and orchard hands J20 and j"j
3 men and wives, private place and ranches
stableman and hostler, city stables; 3 eho-i
boys, $15; boys for factories ;
Clerk for bakery... $30 and foun_
* oreman . bread baker, also second hand...
: • — •; • W0 and vJ>
& cooks, city and country $50 to $,",0
Waiters, restaurants and country hotels
•••"•••••• $35 and $_j
The above are a lew of the position. »
have to offer. For full Hat call down an-l
read our bulletin boards. MURRAY _.
READY, C34-C8 Clay »t. *
A-SPECIAL TO-DAY SUXDAT
Free Fare y-^ Fa _*
..Los Aneeles and Santa Barbara Division*
S. P. R. R. Work "
E0 laborers, company's own work....$l 73 day
Free Fare We Ship T>dav-
Call with blankets, ready to start. 7 a. n_
to-day. Sunday
10 men for tunnel work, Lot Angeles Conatr!
$2 and $2 CO a day
MURRAY A READY 634-63S Clayg't.*
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT
For To-day (Sunday) Only
100 laborers for 8. P. Co. "a own work.$l 75 day
FREE FARE BOTH "WAYS
Call to-day :... Sunday Start Monday
Office fee 50 cents for this Job
C. R. HANSEN & CO... .104 Geary it.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary •_
RAILROAD WORK
Offlce open to-day, Sunday
B0 tunnelmen, Chatswarth Park. Los Angele»
County m
25 drillers, big tunnel. Los Angeles County...
£0 teamsters. State of Nevada
60 teamsters and laborers, coast road....
Wages for above orders $1 To to ii W a day.
Free fare Free far*
Wanted for Cal. &.N. W. R. R. Co......
Gang of teamsters and laborers, Uktah 5J
Free fare Free far*
Marker and distributer, country hotel- laun-
*dry, $40. and found, and .free fare; waiter,
restaurant; south, 310 a week, free fare; sec-
ond cook. jeO; cak<» baker. £0 and found.
countrj-; broilers, $,"0 and $60
Colored coal miners, married and single, best
of wages, free fare; apply by wire. phon-.
letter or call In person. Apply
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S..-. .. .104 Geary »t_
AN office boy for this one?. Apply.,
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 "Geary st.
3 MEN for ranch work. Eastern men preferred,
$C0; 10 men to cut redwood. 4-ft 73c. pine $1 23
per cord- 10 men to make pests. S3 per 100.
pickets $6 per 10CO. shingle belts $1 50 per
cord; 10 men to make redwood ties; 10 -lum-
bermen, Italians or Scandinavian?. %ZS p**r
month and board, married men may board
at home. CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. 53 Thlnl St.; phone Red 3L
JOURNEYMEN* Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. IIS
Turk; tel. Folaom 1CS_ I. LESS. Secretary.
AGENTS wanted to sell oil stock ij\ one of
the best companies In the State; can fur-
nish agenta with letters from leading bans*
and prominent oil men Indorsing property
highly; land one-Quarter of a mile from ratl-
road; producing wells on every side; company
drilling: no artrument Is necessary when lo-
cation is understood; good commission; snap
for agents. W. J. MORGAN. 633 Market st.
WANTED — Flrst-clas- hull anil englns
draughtsmen; men thoroughly familiar with
modern naval construction preferred: good
wages paid first-class men. Address, stat-
' In* experience, JIORAN BROS. CO.. Seat-
tle. Wash.
THOUSANDS are successful, gaining better
salaries and positions, studying electricity;
mechanical engineering, mechanical drawln<
at home by correspondence; Thomas A. Edi-
son indorses Institute; book, "Can I Becoma
an Electrical Engineer?" mailed free. Elec-
trical Engineer Institute. New York.
EXPERIENCED pants and suit cutter on
stock work. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
Gough and Grove sts. .
WANTED— Bright boy about 13: good wages.
Address Machinist, box 2021. Call offlce.
WAXTED — In a financial concern, young man
who can translate French, Spanl3h and Ger-
man; good penman, rapid and accurate at
figures. Address — Ith reference and full
particulars. Financial, box 203S. Call offlce.
WANTED — Young man with natural talent for
drawing to train as newspaper artist. N. Y.
School of Caricature, World building. New
York City.
WAXTED — All .barbers to call and see- th»
new Improved revolving barber chair: called
the autoback: It's a corker. At STOLTZ.'S
new headquarters, 723 Market st. ; up one
stairs. • -.
YOUNG man wanted who Is a competent book-
keeper; state fully experience and wher»
last employed; wages $.10. Address Books,
box 2036. Call office.
WANTED — A good man —ho knows th« bust--
ness to work In a chattel loan offlce In city;
give experience and salary expected or no
attention paid. Address box 2051. Call office.
CIGAR salesman now on the roa<i can double
his earnings without Interfering with pres-
ent line. Address box 2033, Call ofP.ce.
FIRST-CLASS experienced cigar salesman:
Address box 2135. Call office.
CABINET maker wanted: first-class man.
FINK & SCIIINDLER. 13C9 Market st.
WANTED— Man who understands lettering and.
xcroll work for show card business. Addr»s»
G. W. C. box 2C54, Call offlce.
WANTED— A dishwasher; Grand Hotel Ear.
Box 2C57. Call office. ¦
WANTED — Experienced airent: $12 proposition;
sold by reference. C. II. MARTIX. Royal
House^ '
WANTED— Dishwasher." Myrtle Bakery, 231
sixth «t.
CHOPPER to assist cutter on men's tailoring.
BELASCO-IIARRI3 CO.. S41 Market st.
* 1 ,
WANTED— Extra* waiters for. Sunday nlcht at
Golden West Hotel. 68 Ellis st.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Mont-
somery St., vooin 6, third floor.
A GOOD dry cleaner. Apply New Parisian
Dyeing Works. _16 Folsom st.
WAXTED Immediately, a competent rmrse-
shoer; also good helper on Jobbing. 4C3 Third.
WANTED— Experienced ladles' taller: pcrm*-
r.ent employment; good pay. M. J. KELLEH
CO.. Oakland.
MiDONALD & PERRY have ICO pairs second^
hand shoes for *ale; EOc up. HI Third rt
WANTED- Men to learn barber trade, com-
plete In 8" weeks; two years 1 time save-1;
constant practice and successful examina-
tion guarantee! or money refunded; no fak«
situation bought for students; catalogue free.
Gordon Rarber College. Los. Angeles. Cal.
MEX — Our catalog* explains haw ¦— e teach OM
trade in two months, saving two years; mailer J
free. We have no 5c shop in connection with
our college; chairs and furr.lDire are all m.iii*
to our own order with a view .t.>. elea'n!!nes>s
and convenience.
MOLER'S BARHER COLLEGE.
fZZ Clay st. Beware of any cheap Imitation*..
SALESMEN wanted to sell our irooda. by sam-
ple to wholesal- anj retail trade; .we- are th»
largest and only manufacturers' In- our lln*
in the world: liberal salary paid. Adrfresa
CAN-DEX MFG. CO.. Savannah. Ca.
WANTED — Man to represent-, resw.nsilb.le fcan-
ufacturtnp house; salary of $3«- pa-id -i-or. t
weeks' trial; Important. perman«it pesiti<w
If satisfactory. Address C. M.- 'Co., bo.v UI2.-
Philadelphia. Pa. •
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable enenry artd.pu«S:
cootl opportunity to rl«rht man. F PERSON
room 412, ParTOtt building.
TVANTED— To go as partner with a good cook
with $2C0: must b» honest and good la p!_;u
cookins. Cox 2013. Call office.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
29
;¦ :." nELP WAXT2D— SIAI.IS.
COYERNMENT positions— Appointments made
irdrn Civil, examinations to be held
- in. !Iiir.-!rA April: oaiaicp-.ie- :"ree. Colunibian
¦-"jPMt'Cbftt.ncIence Col!eg», "Washington, • D. O.
HECHANlCSv wiginwrs. ?¦lectriolans', etc.; free
Mhbi2T*h!p in engineering awarded to few
»-ell ; rworriniendcji applicants. American:
Fchocl of Correspondence, lloston. Mass.
IVANTEIV-Cash l<oys. 14 years of age and
over. Artly <U HALE BKOS.. ST9 Market st.
ROT for rtoxvn town ' office; a^re *nd refer-
<?nro;r. MONTGOMERY, box £01!. Call offlce.
MATE fcr Ensiirh shir,; good-wages. at HER.
-JktXN*fk-"?6-£*cBart st . '
KKTHAMSTEKS,- steady, wor];, J2 per day.
¦ App'y at '.Kfab'.v.s in rear'*:! Ninth et.
i A!!;' iRS— To Xearri hitert Ne-x York system of
curt4.ni.-. l*nrt:culars nddress box SOU, Call.
FIRST-CLASS prieEFman C!i pants: pood pay to
iripi.t -nan. 104 Kcarny ft., top floor.
A CVIV solicitor Sti every to-nn in California j
ard Or<>g:on; per.3 * tamp Tor reply. Bex 1216,
yc&iv ".-: ; ' • . . . : j
i!7T your rhoVn half-soled wliilc Tratting; 25c!
to S"c. Mr Mission. «t.. beu 1st and 2d sts. j
WANTED— A few .more representatives for \
"Life of Oxwn- Victoria" and other books. ;
R. K. PATTEKPON. 42S Montgomery st. ;
flfP-J-CHAiri shop: £3od trade; cheap rent; j
living rotms; tria.1 riven. C:2 Kourlh et
WANTKIM* rren to take rocms. 10c, lie and
?*>c. Morton Houre. 930 Howard st.
MKN to learn barber trade;, catalogue mailed
free. S. F. narber College. 741 A Howard et;
no barroom chairs u?ed In this col)cge.
ALL den men** yboes. Flirhtly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission ft., bet. 1st and 2d eta. «
WANTED— Laborers enJ mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. P.eno House proprietor, etill
runs Denver Houfe. 217 Third St.; ISO large j
rooms; Ke.per r.lpht; Jl to $2 per week. ;
BRIGHT : men of good address; money ad- |
rancid to right party. Call between 8 and
» a. m. at SCJ Post st.
Cf.rT'er.ters. blax-ksrrHhf & g-reen hanfis whal-
ing cruise on steamer. /Herman's, 26 Steuart. i
THAVSTEES wanted. Apply £27 Fourteenth
street. - . _¦¦-.. I
PAILOP.S. b'.sekfrrsUhs. fwnm & green hands; j
•XX parts of world. HERMAN'S. IS Steuart. !
TENSIONS — J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 80S "Market,' room 4\ rh<lan building. ¦
WINCHESTER House. <4 Third ft., nrar Mar- j
ket: TOO rooms." t5e night :" rea^ine-rooms; fr?e
¦tni? and bappape to anil from ferry.
CLASSIFIED adyertlsempr.ts EnJ subscriptions
rre'ved at Call branch .office. S2C3 rillmor*.
HORSES . AM) WAGOXS.
n HORSES fcr tale; e'.so WWOTH, buggies,
carts. hamcRS.-Grtrd ArcjfcoS Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction Files every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DiOTLE. Auctioneers.
J=. F. VETERINARY "Oiler* will, commer.ee Its
ti session June I). Catalogue by applying t-o
M. L. Panoo?.«t, Fee; MO rjoiaen Gate ave.
A NEW rncurr.atic-tired roa-J bu?rr. DR. L,
KRAKER, veterinary dentist, :64 Golden
Ga»« ave., corner l.tav.nxvcrth ft.
THHEE faft roaJ !iorsf>s: al«o Forr.e good
: business horses, at Til Howard Ft.
THREE fir.e Feecn-I-Iiand murreys; one 4-toa
express Tvagon. ¦ IS Eights fct."-
THIIHE .c^w*. .faorse. wncri ar.d-irnnd paying
route. ACiJreFs f«9 27th St.. Oakland.
A— 1?0 FETS. sJeeonii-har.d t.arncss; wagons,
carts, buggies,. Kurreys, horses. 1149 Folsom.
AN A So. 1- firrw R'aron, r'.rijle. also light!
mmp'.tif wacori. fcr .Fal« clieap- Mission.
HfHISE* TO LET;
A— rniNTnT> LIST -Sfmtmmta 1<*: »>en<l for elr-
cclar. «j. 11. l'MnSEXteO., 14 Motirp-merj-.
TOn.wit, In <">afcland— Fine rorner, ¦with r»>w
nrifl rrodein -2ri-tf rv, 7 ro^rn* and bath: nrar
rirrm^wsy aivl ZStta Ft. Apply to HERON &
-. ! HO1XX»CB; W» Urnadway.
NI*"*ELY furnished lvuse". 9 rooms and bath;
.. xvil!; rent furnishM or unfurnished; reason-
able. iCCS Tost ex. . ¦ .
*?*:•<: ROOMS, bath. !a-.;n£fy: fine marine view.
-. t9tt -Brilrtwr. -near firiaria «.
HOUSES TO LET — Kl'RMSHED.
NK\%* furniture 7 rooms f<rr fa!e: rh»p.p; house
to.let. 34f*l Nineteenth t*t.. near Valencia.
HOi'SES IV JUTTED.
WAVTKD^Il.v X sdu!r?. small furnished house
fr' flat ; Vity Br sut-uri.*. liox T^C?. CfclL
I> VAMO FCIIMTIRE.
XNVA.LIP furnftur* ar<!. arrllanoes; raleor rent.
V: (JfiOnilAN. 1117 V«r. N»ss ave.. r.r. Post Et.
LOST XSli FQL>D.
:-l/>PT— Bunrh cf keys -on leather Ft.rap: from
- Hei< her and Fourteenth to Kleventh and
"H^arJ stsj.1 205 Kearny St.; liberal reward. |
LO?T— F<bniary 28, laiiy's.fur collar; sable;
IV* -rowan! for rrturn and no questions asked.
WM. It: PHAKTEn. Phflan huilding.
JjfiPT — Route book of Entrrrriee Kre-wery. Re-
turn to J. MEYER, 2G17 Nineteenth Et.: re-
. «-ard: . ¦• . •
LOST — On Jessie or Beveiith. Ft., a jK>cketbook
containing money. Reward for return of
time to -GZI Jessie *t.
LOST-Er.Flit-h s*Ufr bitch: blark. white and
tar; reward. T. CHAFFER. "IS Day et.
LOFT — Black and tan. Oordon tetter; answers
to Prince. Cor. Precl'a eve. and Shotwell 6t.
LOPT— Om» horseshoe" diamond pin. ' Return 11
McAlIlstfr Ft., room CP.
BLACK-FACED pur; answers to "Bert." Re-
turn to ICI6 Jackson Ft.: receive reward".
Wir.Ud— Old irn)d .ror nisr.ufacturir.;:. O. Nolte,
Jeweler.- -US OFarreil. brt. Powell and Mison.
OLD c : I. silver, diamonds anJ precious rtones
bmrtt. J. R. JKNKEL. -M7 Market et.
M ATI ;kessKS AMI CPUOL5TERY.
MATTRESSES and uphclstery: teTsoutli ttf-
to order or renovated, feather and hair i
steamed; exrvirt can>Pt clean-in*; strictly re-
Ufcble. MIQPKE BROS.. S1S-220 E'.ever.th st.
MtUICAL.
I'R. and MRS..PAvTe?TT^ Market, the well-
known ladles' Ereciallets; Zl years' practice; ]
Perfectly reliable : a positive cure Ftsararteed
«t office; patients treated can return Eame j
Jay.: tiiose wif=hine to treat themselves Fhould j
eend r«r the HINDOO HEHB HOME TREAT-
MENT; a sure care; fives triFtant relief ; harm- '
lew ; e.ny smo can use It: t^MBp for circular. '
DliS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on !
diseaFee of "women, has tetumed from Eu- !
rope; a treatment ir.iaranterd to grive Instant !
relief fcr any ailment; rafe and reliable; 10 j
years in Q. C. Hospital. London; practiced In .
. ¦£. F. elnoe l^M; maternity heme; fee low.
IGOT'j Market ft., near Sixth.
MRS. DR~KOHL. 9?7 Market Ft., cor. Sixth-
. fafe and .n?l!«Ue ladies' physician; 25 years'
suofKful practice; positive cure guaranteed;
when others fail consult free- hours 9 to S,
aniS.'.'l>R. WYETH. reliable; specialist; 25 yrs.'
«ucce«sful. practice: guaranteed treatment at
.offlcf"; er.y al!m<H;i; heme for n^tlcnts; con-
¦¦eu!t free. ?42 Post ft., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. 'POPPER, specialist for all female aH-
rrxmtn; practice 27 years. S23 Kcarny et.;
can be scr.t.
JfltS. DR. ALLEN— nPTTio'ved to 1118 Market.
feet. Taylor «nd Mas.-n: Ia<iie»' specialist.-
MJ.MIS A .Mi MI.M.VG.
MONTCZfilA Copper Advances 100 Per Cent
MONTKZVMA Co;i t .?r Advances 100 Per Cent
MONTEZl.'MA Copper Advances 100 Per Ont
MOyrgZUMA Copper. Advances UN Per Cent
MONTEZUMA Cooper Aflvar.ees 100 Per Cent
Eince we placed st on the market a short time
a*ro. It is a stock that- will always Increase
in value. :;•
24 Copper M ir.es in Washinrton,
24 Copper Mines In -"Washington, '
24 Copper Mines In Wa*hincton.
:.¦ 14 Ccj per -Mines In Washington,
t* Copper Minep in "Washington,
Of which" the stack is". nan-assttEabJe under
the laws ©f that Statfr.
1P0 Acres of Valuable Coal Lands
¦ IS'* Acres of ValualJe Coal Lands
. ISO* Acres of Valuable 'Val Lands -
. 18)0 AcrcB of~Va!uat»ie Cjal Lands
1600 Aorcs of Valuable Coal Lands
Have Just- l,etn aeijuin-d by the Montezurr.a
ilir.ir.gr Company, and the first coal was sold
therelrom Fel>. ?Jth. Under date of Feb. 20th j
tfc* er>m;>any .wrote to us as follows: "Ac- ;
cordinp to- the estimates of coal men thin !
lease of ours Is y.xnii half a million dollars. '
" It la .or. tjjrtvjrtuni'y of. a. lifetime for profit- J
*b!«r investment, ns cur stockholders will find ;
out In «J-u* dourse.'" . " j
C< r.j*-r and Coal. Copper and Coal.
".'Cower and CVial." *^pr«;r nnd Coal.
¦Cc?j;*t ar J C \a.l. . Ccn>er and Coal.
-.". Corpw af-A Cc*J: "• OipiT and Ct,al.
Copper an* Coal. Coj">i«r and Coal. .
Par value of stock.- !ll -For a limited time
*t !¦ 1]Btlt& at £c resh cr. 3c In monthly In-
»ta!lmf;r^«. Thouf&nds cf- Investors are con-
¦ vine<*d of Its value.
' fall jor write for prc<peotv:l and report*.
THE AMERICAN OI'AKANTV & TRL'ST CO.
THK AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.
THE AMERICAN OCABAKtT & TRUST CO.
THE AMERICAN OHARANTT & TRL'.ST CO.
THE AMERICAN Ol'AIlANTT & TKL'ST CO.
¦ . -." Selling A'jeiUs.
ZVt Safe Deposit Building, San Francisco.
ji-iNEP bourht ar.rt toM; ejsn stocks In jn'.un*
' »?r.d oil TO'maaniM. Prof." John Tllton. ram.
r.i-l-.C. 4th Coor.^'srrott bldg.; 10-12. 1-1
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLBMEN~wTehlne"to 'marry wealthy Udies
send 10c for list. MKS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis tX.
MARRIAGE bureau: confidential list. 10c.
Mil. BLAKE. 323 Kesrny ft., rooms 4 and S.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOH SALB. .
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hcnd machinery. Mc-
1NTOSH & WOLPMAX. 13S-1S7 Fremont st.
EARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, r.ew and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can eh!p everything In 2J hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 101?. 1021. 1023 Mission st,
above £ixth: write for catalogue.
A COMPLETE dental outfit, consisting of ln-
Ftruments, plaster moldF, Ivory teeth and all
material necesFary for work to be done at a
dentiBl's offlce, at l<>f=s than half of original
cogt at UNCLE HARRIS*. U Grant ave.
A FIXE, inlaid combination billiard and pool
tabia with complete outfit of balls, cues,
cases, etc., at one-third the original oost.
Call at office, 7C9. Market St.
TYPEWRITERS at ar.y price to close them
out: different maV"?s; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4Q3 California.
FOR Bale— 28 volumes 6tn.ndard law textbooks;
office furniture; good condition; reasonable.
I14 Taylor st., S. F.
FOR Irish national flags and banners call on
C. J. BARRON. 1217 Market st.
FOR sale cheap— One new sample Milwaukee
steam automobile. Apply engine room, after
2 p. m.. Union Ferry building.
FINE Hce metal aaw and side trimmer; pony
cylinder press; gas engine; safe. Box 2080,
Call offlc*.
BUFF Cochins, runts. White Homers, homers,
fliers and squab breeders. 2041 Linden et.,
Oakland.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear 'machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear et.
FOR sale— Fine yacht, 32 feet long. 11-ft. beam.
Fcr particulars inquire of M. O. FEUDSEH,
£38 Market «U
FOR sale— A 21« egg Jubilee hatcher at a
bargain. Inquire of F. M. BUTTON, 2746
Dwlght way. Berkeley, after 1 p. rn.
FOR Bale— "Champion Crist" bull terrier bitch,
cheap; Sunday only. 713 Market st
BICYCLE— Fine gent's wheel, good as new;
chfap. Box 2059, Call office.
A CLEVELAND wheel for sale cheap. 810
Howard st.
A — JO- TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California St.
A-13 AND 23 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
KOR sal*'— Store fixtures, all kinds. Apply
MRS. FRANK SILVA. San Rafael.
W 2ND-HAND enameled baU» tubs; 20 H. P.
Westinghouse motor; cheap. 204 Mission st
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg*y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and Sd-h&nd;
all sizes; (guaranteed. NEWELL. S6 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 616 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bousht, Eold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAS SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento >t
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New ar.d second hand; all sizes. THE
•WALTZ PAFF. T>9-111 Market st.. San Fran.
ailStlCLI.A.MCOtS WANTS.
WANTED— First-class horizontal engine, about
SO II. P.: Mcy»r cut-off cr automatic pre-
ferred; Yi-i;i consider plain slide or balance
valve. Box 2074. Call office.
WANTED— Store and living rooms well located
i for delicacies, etc.; rive particulars or no at-
! tcntinn paid. Address F. K.. 1S02 Howard st.
| LADIES" ar.d gents' cast-off clothing bought A
soM. Sllverman. 8<4 Fi'isom: tel. Folfom 1191.
MOSEY TO I.OA.V.
I A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay en furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will !>e better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity.. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market fct.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages', estates in probate. Interest
in estates*, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortpacres nnd securities Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAX & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: first. 2J and 3d mort-
paeff, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; pet mv terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
HIOHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 816 Market
Bt. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST ratf-s on furniture, etc., by private
party;* no removal; no commission; conflden-
, t:al. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
- !>£OST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HCSTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
i age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
i MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
I HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
' f:"0.00<l TO loan on real estate or for building;
i lew rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome, r. 2.
i CAPH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtg*: city, country: 6%. undi-
j vided lntE. ; estates. HARPEK, 337 Parrott big.
I CASH loaned to Ealarled people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6C3 Examiner building.
TO salaried people \rllhout collateral or In-
dorser. S. F". Discount Agency. 143 Plielan big.
BIOXEY WASTED.
¦WANTED— $200: pood Interest: secured. 209
Seventh ft.. Oakland.
MUSICAL I.\STHU3IE>TS,
THERE an bargains and bargains, but no
bargains that can at all compare with the
bargains that we are offering. Just think cf
a thoroughly good, reliable piano for $250 that
can be warranted In every respect and sold
on eac>* payments. By and by you can ex-
chance it for a fine Decker & Son or Packard
and have the full amount paid on it go as
part payment. Thlp Is one of the bargains
we have to offer. MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.,
7C9 Market St.
MAUVAIS 1 MUSIC CO. 769 Market St.. are the
agents Tor I>ecker & Son, Packard. Baumeis-
tcr. Smith & Barnes, Wlllard and Arlington
pianos. ; .v •
A.» Y person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay &. Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their crude, from Etelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchance medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new -uprights sold for %Z cash and
J6 per month. We offer to sell some Rood
. pianos at S3. $4 and S3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Gtelnwa- dealers, cor-
ner Ktarnjr and Sutter ets.. San Francisco;
- corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land.
ALL uprights— 1 Novella $C8
6 new Kelsos..$116 up 7 Marshalls $129 up
6 CJtlckerliigs.. 1*5 up S Schaeffera 165 up
3 Heir.'?? 8S5 up I Stelnways : 1S5 up
4 Hallet-Davls 490 up 7 Jewetts 285 up
2 Behr Eros.'.. 335 up'? Maaon-Hamllns 8C5 up
We handle a!l makes; agents for some of
the oldest and most famous pianos In exist-
ence; Hallett-Davis, Behr Bros., etc.; agents
wanted; rer.t* and easy payments. HEINE
Piano Co.. 217 Geary st.
$175— STEINWAY upright. Room 28. 217 Geary
streeu ¦ •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest ana largest houne
w«t of Chicago is KOHLER & CHABE'S. 23.
2S and 30 O'l-'arrell at.; pianos, organs aca
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
IF you want a" good piano, second-hand or
new upright or square, at a special low
price and easy terms, come and see us. The
J. DEWING CO., 12 Flood building. -
A— SLAUGHTER sale of hlph grade new and
F^cond-hand pianos to realize advances and
storage installments). WILSON'S STOR-
AGE,- 1706 Market st. ¦
A FEW new piano* for $150: second
hand from $30. REXJ. CUKTAZ A SON.
1G O'Farrell Et J Checkering nnd Vose agency.
EXCHANGE— Beautiful new piano for first-
claus board; must be nice location: refer-
ences exchanged. Box 2041. Call office.
FOR *alo — Iver* & Pond piano: practically
new; beautifully caned mahogany; will sac-
rifice for earn. Box £021. Call.
CI/3S1NO cut Ftock of elegant pianos: send
for r>ric«. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
FINK ftnndard upright niano; must be sacri-
ficed tn 5 day*; leaving city. 224 Golden Gate.
WANTHD— Second-hand piano cheap for cash;
no dealer?. Box 1&60. Call office. -
WANTED— Five rood square pianos for coun-
t ry ' schools. BYRON' MAUZY. 808 Post tt.
HIGH-ORADE pianos: Pteck. Hardmr.n. Con-
over and others. Wiley D. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. :
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand Upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. IIORNUNQ. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohrrrer.& Co., Byron
Mauzy, Qabler and Spellman pianos, 308 Post.
SPECIAL SALE— Immense reductions; see our
leader, only $l£0. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
AT KEEFFE'S. S3S Market st. 4 elegant. up-
rlghts at your own price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent etock in city; new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 660 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
HL'LLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one'year for $1.
lOgPICKy A>D STOKES TO LET.
CORNER store— West ccrner fourth and Perry
ets.; occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
years; rent $20; water free.. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN fc CO., 14 Montgomery st.
$1E— CORNER store, 8 rooms, 323 Bryant; $10—
Store. 2 roorn9, 32."i Bryant, opposite new fae-
tory; $16— Store. 3 rooms. 1417 Paclflo et.
CHEAP, licht efflces. Emma Spreckels build-
ing. 927 Market Ft. .
J_ OIL. *
A— NEW company organizing on carefully se-
lected piece of choice proven oil land In Sun-
set; 120 acres; 20-year lease; one-eighth roy-
alty; purchase privilege at moderate figure:
cash on hand to commence work Immediately
after incorporation: to close this week want
four at $500. T.. box 2058. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS oil company wants an Influen-
tial nnd active man to take position of eec-
retaryphlp; gilt-edge opportunity for good
man to get a ground ' floor proposition with
operating company. Box 2048, Call office.
NEED. money; will sell 20 shares Colusa Con-
solidated Oil and Reflnlng Company stock at
20 cents a share: 44U0 acres patented land.
Pox 2032. Call office.
FOR sale — Twenty-year lease on eighty acres
of proven oil land In the heart of Sunset dls-
trlct. Box 2083. Call office. .
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country, correspondence solicited.
OIL LAKDS FOR SALB.
OIL LANDS! "" ' *~"~"
126 acres lrt Tehama Co., three miles from
• Corning" Oil Co., working $4Q00 plant.
160 acres In Kern Co. partly fenced, with
house, arid lightly furnished. W. A. JAMES,
owner, care of Smith's Cash Store.
PROVED oil lands for sale In 23-23. Kern
County, at a price far below what "is being
asked for adjoining property. Address owner,
box 2095, Call, office, Oakland.
SECTION 24-28-20, near McKittrlck; patented;
$T0 per acre; directly over oil line. F. R.
GRANNIS. 2S2 Montgomery «t.
FOR sale— Unimproved land, 80 miles north of
Bakerefleld, cheap for cash. Address box 7945,
Call. ¦•
PAl.VTEHS AM) UKCOUA'l'OHS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered, $3
up. Jensen & Path. 308 Sixth: open evenings.
PALMISTltY.
H^EROM^FOSSElXr? scientific palmist 615
Taylor st, bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 161.
l^VI'li.X IS AVL» l'K.NSIU.NS. ;
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
l'KKSO.VALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color,
cure dandruff and itching scalp, stop falling
and grow new hair. If your druggist or hair-
dresser cannot supply you, call at £36 Geary
et., or 305 Larkin Bt. Do not be persuaded to
take any other; there Is none so good. The
Star Remedy Co., San Francisco.
ALL ecalp and hair Impurities successfully
treated; hair grown, gray ret-tored. falling
hair cured; b«st shampoo In town; consulta-
tion free. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap, 6 Eddy, r. 73-7*.
FREE! Free! Free! — Trial face treatment free
on Tuesdays and Fridays between the hours
of 1 and 2; hair grown on bald heads suc-
cessfully. Vibratory Institute, 1104. Market
Et., parlors 11 and 12.
PHYSICIAN', good looking, stylish, income $400
monthly, would meet lady of like circum-
stances matrimonially inclined; (all letters
returned). Box 18C6, Call office.
PROSPEROUS mechanic bt good habits and
appearance seeks acquaintance of Catholic
lady under 33; workine class; object, matri-
mony. • Address box 2068, Call office. '
GOOD-LOOKING business man will meet lady
with means; object, matrimony. Box 1867,
Call office.
MAN of good morals, fond of children, wants
to make the acquaintance of good woman;
object, matrimony. Address box S67, Call.
M. L. M. — P. well; important news; advertis-
ing too costly; -write care of Mike. tl5 Hen-
nepln ave.
SOUVENIR- Your idea is splendid; write at
once to same address. YELLOWSTONE.
YOUNG man desires acquaintance of lady; ob-
ject matrimony. W. BULLER. Palo AltJ,
Cal.
ATTRACTIVE widow, wealthy, sweet disposi-
tion, lover of home, seeks adviser and pro-
tector. ••AGNES." 1337 Sheffield ave.. Chi-
cago, 111. .
HEALTHY boy and girl babies for adoption,
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Sth St.. Alameda.
THE Pioneer Pleating Factory, established for
the past 25 years In room 1, No. 9 Geary St.,
has moved to Union-square building, 143
Stockton Et., corner of Gear}', room 5, oppo-
site the City of Paris dry goods store, where
I will be prepared to do American Accordion,
Hide and Knife Pleating, also Pinking, hav-
ing the latest improved machinery for that
purpose. My reputation for first-class work
Is well known to my numerous patrons,
¦whom I thank for their patronage and hope
for a continuance of the same. Pleating
done while you wait; goods repleated that
have been spoiled elsewhere.
IF you wish to be successful In all your affalis
and bring health, happiness, love and all that
Is coofl •within your reach, you must learn
how to Influence people: private Instruction.
MRS. C. VALEEN. 215 Leavenworth st.
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug, by MRS. E.
PEARCE, 1839 Polk st.
100 CASES sparkling Hochheimer,«vlntage '82,
$16 per case, reduced to $10; 1000 gallons very
old port, sherry and muscatel wine $2 per gal-
lon, reduced to $L F. HOLTUM. Johannes-
burg Wine Vaults, 517 California st.
PRIVATE detective work; reaRonabre rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 257 Jessie St
BEAUTIFUL crochet baby bonnets for sale at
DT Boardman place.
MME. FISHER, 602^ Ellis st, has the only
reliable wrinkle remover; afternoons, I to 5.
A — IF your hair is falling br you are bald, call
on DU. G. B. MOORE, 488 Geary St., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; call or send for circular.
AS general ultility to traveler or traveling
family; go anywhere. Write JOSEPH
FEWKES, room 61, Dewey House.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslng, hair work, maru
Icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE, 17M Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain: book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second st, N. Y. ¦ ¦
DEAFNESS cured or no pay. C. • ROWAN,
Milwaukee, Wl«.
$1 WEEKLY; 6Ults to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine drees suits, $20 up: ele-
gant overcoats. Sir. up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Utirket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
A— $3 M DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 830 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE FUlts. $10: dress pants. $"2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
CCOD heme open for healthy boy or girl baby.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda:
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms:
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to tfnd from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING*
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.'
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fin-
ishing & models made. A. Graff, 10 Stevenson.
FUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIES EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
FiR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Itw natural color; $1: nt all druggist*.
1*11 VhlClAAS AM) hUHUKON^ 1
DK. ' C. cT^^ONNELLlofflce "and residence"
1C21V4 Market st., between Sixth nnd Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats fll diseases of the human body: see
tesUmonU.Is at office," 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE— -CITT-—: FOR BALE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
... Real Estate Agents,
14 Montgomery st.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$17,800— Mission st, near Third; Improvement*
--¦*/of nominal value; lot 34:4^x160 to rear
street; double frontage; fine business
location.
$12.000— Post St., near Powell; 2-story front of
9 rooms and bath and 2 flats on rear
street; Improvements can easily be al-
tered to pay well; lot 22:11x70 to rear
¦treet.
$9,500— Paciflc-st. business property, near San-
some; 2 stores; rents low at $30 per
month ; lot 44:9x91:8.
INVESTMENTS.
$9,000— Corner on Howard st. ; 2 stores with
living rooms and 2 flats of < and 5 1
rooms and bath each; rents $77 50 per
month; lot 44:ll%x75:6.
$1S,8SO— Post St.. inside of Larkin ; three 2-story
and basement houses of 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $90 per month;- lot 50
feet front. . .
$1,600— Make an offer; 2 nice flats and cottage
on smell street in rear,' near Greenwich
and Fillmore sts.; flats containing 5
and 6 rooms and bath each and cottage
of 4 rooms; lot 87:6x120 to rear street;
rents $32 per month; part cash.
$7,800— Hayes St.. near Fillmore: 2 flats of 6
and 7 rooms each; rents $50 per month;
mortgage of $5500 can remain.
$9,000— Corner, near Hnight and Fillmore sts.;
store and 5 flats; rents $S4 per month;
lot 48x81:3.
FLATS.
$8,00O-Hy<5e St., near Sutter; 2 modern fiats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents $60
per month; splendid location; always
rented.
$3,500— Natoma St.. near Sixth; I flats: rents
$43 per month; 25x75.
$7,70O-Grove St.; 7 flats; rents $79 60 per
month: lot 25x100; 2 fron taxes.
$6,000— Central ave., near the Park; 2 fiats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents $45
per month; 25x106:3. -
$4,000—3 cozy fiats on Guy place, near First
and Harrison sts.; rents $42 per month;
lot 23x70.
$3,600— Clementina st.; * flats; rents $576 per
annum; 25x75. \
RESIDENCES.
$6,250— Webster st.. near California; nlc» 2-
¦tory house of 10 rooms and bath, etc.;
lot 27:8 feet front.
$4,000— Plne-st. residence of 7 rooms and bath,
etc.: 25x137:6; mortgage of $2500 can re-
main.
$5,125 — Buchanan st., near Golden Gate ave.;
2-etory residence Of 8 rooms and bath.
$7,500— McAUlster-st. residence of 8 rooms and
bath, basement, etc.; Handy to several
car lines: 26:6x100.
17,000 — Geary-st. modern residence of s rooms
and bath, etc.; cost over $6000 to build;
80x137:6.
$5,000— Presidio Heights residence on Clay st.
of 7 rooms, bath and large basement,
etc.: lot 25x102:814.
$3,200 — Larkin st.; 2-story House of 9 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, etc.; 25x
105:9; marine view.
$10,750— Leavenworth St.; 2 modern houses of 8
rooms and bath each; rents $96 per
month; near Washington st. : 40:6x137:6.
$3,60<V-CIay St.; house of 8 rooms and bath;
lot 27:6xl27:SU. This Is a special bar-
gain.
$6,100— Clay «t-, near Fillmore: house of 9
rooms and bath, laundry; large lot SSx
127 ' S '*' COTTAOES.
$1,900— Bay-window cottage of 5 room? and
bath; McAllister St., near Oolden Gate
Park: lot 23 feet front.
$1,300— Twenty-third st. ; cory cottago of 3
rooms"; 25x114.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County.
2£c
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains.. a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the' city.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
. . AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom MONDAY, March 4, 1901, at
12 o'clock noon.
E. M. CARLISLE ESTATE EXECUTORS"
EALE.
NO. 1.
1910-12 Devisadero «t., east line, near Pine,
two bay-window houses of 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $66 per month; lot 32:6x100.
NO. 8.
Devisadero st., east line, near Pine; build-
Ing lot 22:6x100: gas, water and sewer pipes
laid In the lot; street accepted by the city.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
NB. cor. Seventeenth and Guerrero »ts.;
substantial Improvements consist of store, with
4 rooms, basement and stable, flat of 7 rooms
and bath above: portion of lot not built on;
both streets accepted by the city.
CASTRO STREET BUSINESS PROPERTT.
• FORECLOSURE SALE.
C34-6 Castro et., near Nineteenth; two stores,
rents $28 per month; lot 87x125.
CHOICE' WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
2507 Clay st.. near Fillmore; bay-window resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; conservatory; two
desirable parks In close proximity; lot 3*x
127 :8K; at a email outlay could be converted
into fiats.
CHOICE RESIDENCF NEAR PARK.
1071 Page St., near Broderick: choice residence
of 10 rooms and balh; bay-windows, brick
foundation, cement walks, etc.; lot 30x137:6.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE.
1406 Guerrero St., near Twenty-sixth; elejant
residence of 15 rooms and bath; large grounds,
brick foundation, cement walks; street accepted
by the city; can be easily converted Into flats
at little outlay; lot 50x155; Irregular.
A. A. BOYSEN ESTATE ADMINISTRATOR'S
SALE.
NW. cor. Sanchez and Twenty-ninth sts.;
substantial Improvements consist of store, three
flats nnd cottage, windmill 'and tank; portion
of lot not built on; lot 61:6x105; subject to
confirmation by the c.iurt.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
McAllister St., south line, between Baker and
Central ave.; two choice residence lots; level
and ready for building; street accepted by the
city; lota 25x137:6 each; bank mortgage of $2000
can remain. ¦ ."
CHOICE FLATS.
101 Spruce st., SW. ror. of Jackson; two de-
sirable flata of 6 rooms and bath each; com-
manding an unobstructed marine view; lot
27:814x95:3 feet: bank mortgage of $2800 at <
per cent can remain.
MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE BALE.
140 Hartford Bt., between Nineteenth and
Twentieth, Noe and Castro; bay-window cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath.
MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE SALE.
309 Jersey St., between Noe and Cantro, Twen-
ty-fourth and Twenty-fifth; bay-window cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation,
cement walks, etc.
MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE SALE.
1023 Sanchez Bt., near Twenty-third; bay-
wlndow cottage of 5 rooms and bath ;. inclosed
driveway under house; rents $13 25 per month;
cement walks, etc.
For further particulars apply at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
¦ 14 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAO,
Real Estate Agents.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
1 BARGAINS.
$20.000— Broadway corner; lot 137:6x137:8 feet
with residence of 10 rooms; 2 flats and a cot-
tage; but one-half of the ground is improved;
this Is a bargain and a good Investment; pays
well!
$1S,000-Powell st., near Sutter; lot 82x77
feet, with house and 2 flats renting for $90 per
month; mortgaged for $5000, which can remain.
$12,000— Ninth st., near Howard; lot 37:6x100
feet with 2-story building; rents for $SS per
month.
$12.000— Ellis st, north. side, near Cough; lot
40xl37:S'i feet.
$11.000— Sutter «t-, north side, between Fill-
more and Steiner: 3 fine flats of 7 rooms and
bath each; renting for $92 60 per month; lot
25:4x187:6 feet; fine income on Investment
$15,000— Broadway, north side; fashionable
neighborhood; lot 27:6x137:6 feet, with fine
residence of 10 rooms and bath.
$10,B0O-Post st., near Taylor; lot 20x60 feet,
with old improvements; renting for $47 per
month. *
$10,500— Fine residence on Vallejo st, 13 rooms
and bath; modern In every respect; marina
view. *
$10,000— Lot and improvements on Harrison
st; store and flats above; rents, for $S4 per
month; lot 25x80 feet. • .
$8000— Lot 60x104 feet on Twenty-fourth St.,
near Bryant; one dwelling of 13 rooms- and 2
flats; rents for $65 per month.
$7000— Howard st.; house of 8 rooms and bath;
large lot. 60x122:6.
$7000— Sixteenth st.: lot 25x100 feet, with 3
flats of 5 .and 6 rooms and bath each; renta
for' $60 per month.
$5600— Masonic a\-e. ; brand new house of 10
rooms and bath: modern in every respect; lot
2SxlOO feet: sold at a bargain.
$6500— San Jose ave. : lot 32x90 feet, . with 6
small flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents
for $31 per month. .
$1800— Sacramento, , near First ave.: lot 2Sx
127:8U feet: sold on easy terms.
NEW modern 4-room and bath house.' on Hoff-
man ave.; can be bought with your rent
money; close to the Twenty-second-st electric
line.
$650 each— Only four lots left: fronting the
Ocean Boulevard, near Golden Gate Park, block
721; street graded ready for building; these lots
will be worth $50»V) each In less than five years;
now is your opportunity.
$850 — New S-room hou.«e near Cortland ave. •
$100 down and $10 monthly.
:¦.: JACOB .HEYMAN, 117 Sutter St.
$6000— A WHOLE block of land, with line large
house, on San Bruno road; must be sold on
account '¦ of foreclosure. • . «
$850— U of block, south of Park; well lo-
catod; cheap; will make pood money.
S275— 8 lot». Close to 'Park: well located.
$190— Corner: level: ready to build on; 73x100;
worth $300: •irreatrrt snap pffrred.
McEtVEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
MODERN 'fiats and cottage* built: low prices:
plans and estlmAtes furnished: rtrcp postal.
SALSDUnT, builder, office 1333 Market St. ,
REAL. ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
; 10 Montgomery st.
INVESTMENTS.
$4,000— Beach-st. corner; house. 10 rooms;
rents $22; lot .68:9x137:6.
$15,000— Bush 'st., near Kearny: brick truild-
¦ Ing containing store and 15 rooms; rear
building of IS rooms: rents $133; lot
34:6x60. •
$3,000— Broadway. ¦> near Leavenworth «t.; 3
flats; rents $31.
$4,500— Broadway, near Larkin St.; 2 flats;
lot 42:9x187:6.
$3,200 — EroadWay, ntar • Leavenworth st; 3
flats of 3 and 4 rooms; rent $32 50; lot
¦ 23-xGO. .' " ' • ¦ ;¦
$7,5C&— Bush st.; near Hyde; house, 14 rooms,
¦ 2 baths, conservatory; rent $50; " lot
S0xl37;6.
$14,500— Bus«h-st.' corner: store below, flat
.above, and 3 two-story houses; total
rents $105; lot 53xlC0.
$20,600 — Bush. St., near Van Ness ave.'; 2 flats
on Bush st. and cottage on rear street;
lot 25x120.
$19,000— California St.; 3 new, elegant, modern,
up-to-date In every respect flats of 7
and 10 rooms and bath each; rents
$177 EO; lot 27:6x137:6.
$12,000— California Vt.. near Kearny: brick
building containing store and 16 rooms;
rents $100: lot 27:6x68:9.
$4,230^ — Clay st., near Mason; 8-story building
containing 16 rooms and bath; rents
$4.0; lot 20x84.
$7,250— Clay-st. corner; store and 20 rooms
above: rents $50; lot 2Sx6S:9.
$3.000 — Clay-et. corner, near Dupont; rents $30.
$53,000— Clay St., near Montgomery; 3-story
brick building containing 7 stores and
32 offices; rents $650; lot 70xl0S:9,
.through to Merchant st.
$30,000— Clay st.. near Hyde: 7 two-story
dwellings; rents $200; lot 96x137:6.
$5,700— Clay st., near Taylor; 3 flats; total
rent $46; lot 29:6x68.
$7,000 — Commercial .St., near Kearny: brick
building; rents $50; lot 19:6xC9:6L
?4,250— Chestnut st., near Powell;" hou«e, 7
rooms and bath, and 2 flats of 4
rooms each; rents $43 50; lot 25x137:6.
$18,000 — Commerclal-st. corner; rents $85; lot
35x75, with L.
$40,000— Commerclal-st. corner; J-story brick
building; lot 50x59:9.
$35.00<X-Dupont St.: rents $350 per month; 3"
story and basement brick building.
$3,000 — Dupont-st. corner; frame house and
cottage in rear; rents $25 SO; lot 22x70.
$35,000— Ellls-st. Inside location; old improve-
ments; large lot 60x137:6.
$£0,000 — Ellis St.. near Taylor; 4-story build-
ing containing store j and 63 rooms
above; rents $360; lot 25x137:6.
$107,600— Eddy St.; 4-story and basement brick
building; 2 stores and 72 rooms above;
rents $625; lot 50x137:6.
$900— Filbert St., near Hyde; cottage of 4
rooms. ! •
$3,000— Filbert st., near Jones; 2 flats of S
ar.d 6 rooms and .bath; rents $40;' lot
27:6x137:6.
$10,000 — Filbert st., near Taylor; 4 flats of S
and 6 rooms; house in rear of 7 rooms
and bath; rents $S9; lot 46x137:6.
$2,000— Francisco St., near Dupont: house of
6 rooms, bath; lot 22:llxC8:9.
$25.000 — F*ront-st. corner; frame building; lot
45:10x137:6.
122,500— Front st ; 2-story brick building; one
tenant; $1600 per year.
I CO, 000 — Grant-ave. corner; brick and frame
-.. . _ Improvements; rents $4100 per annum;
can be made to pay 7 per cent net;
lot 69x100.
J50.000— Golden Gate ave.; 4 small stores; floors
above: rents $200; lot $3:9x137:6.
CREAM OF PARK XXDTS.
y OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Rare chance for home builders and Invest-
ment seekers.
Choicest building lots on very easy pay-
rrents: on the H-st. electric cars and fronting
Golden Gate Park and the new Nlneteenth-ave.
boulevard.
Lots and streets on the official grade; macad-
amized; plank sidewalks; gas and water ser-
vice; low prices; bound to Increase in .value;
your own terms; interest only 6 per cent.
Money advanced for building purposes; the
costliest and handsomest modern houses In
Kunset district are now being occupied and
constructed on the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard. •
Call at once at our branch office (open week
dcys, Sundays and holidays), corner of H st.
and Ninth ave.. south of Oolden Gate Park,
and ask to be shown these beautiful lots: full
icrticulars and price list? also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$13.500 RENTS $1230 PER ANNU1L
Price reduced to make Immediate sale; owner
must sell on account of departure; 3 new,
elegant, substantial, up-to-date flats on Jack-
son St., near Polk; only 2 years old; same
tenants since finished; building cost over $12,-
0C0; can be rented for $180 more per annum;
lot 25x127:8*4: a splendid and excellently lo-
cated investment.
Apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
F. B. 6URRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
13S Montgomery st.
NEAR HAIGHT AND SCOTT STS.
$9,000 — Three new modern flats; 7 rooms and
bath each; up to date In every particu-
lar; renting for $77 50 per month; lot
2:>xlO6:3; these are the cheapest flats
In the Western Addition.
. $6,000— Rents $52 50 per month: 2 new modern
fiats; near Haight and Cole sts.
$6.500 — House of 12 rooms and bath; Bush St.,
near Taylor; right down town.
A BARGAIN LOT.
$2,600— Devisadero St., near McAllister; 23x
137:6.
$7,000 — Three flats of S rooms and bath each
on a corner near Hayes and Buchanan
sts.; rents $60 per month.
$3,500— Rents $40 per month; 3 tenements; lot
45xS0; O'Farrell st.
$6,000 — Steiner st., near Bush; 2..modern flats
renting for $50 per month.
$16,600— Four elegant modern flats of 7 and 8
rooms- and bath each; rents $121 per
month; lot 45x120; Geary St., near I.a-
runa.
$16,000 — Near Ellis and Leavenworth sts.; pro-
duces $131 per month; want an offer.-
$11,250— Geary St., near Octavla; 4 houses In
fair condition; renting for $76 per
month; lot 51:9x120 to a rear street;
want an offer.
Building lots all over the city.
Lots on Van Ness ave., near Union st •
1 Lots fronting the Panhandle.
Choice lots on Presidio Heights.
Don't fall to get my list before buying:.
Solid handsome mansion, 25 rooms, large at-
tic, ball room, furnace, onyx mantels, porce-
lain baths, modern .plumbing, wine .cellar,
commodious stable, seven stalls, harness room.
loft, coachman's room, etc., bltumlnlzed
street, cement sidewalk. North (sunny) side
McAllister St.. nr. Fillmore. nine minutes' ride
from Emporium. Fillmore st. cars transfer
to air parts of city. Key lot. 45x137:6. Orig-
inal cost $25,000. Land assessed $40S0; house
assessed $12,500; house Insured for $10,000. All
can be bought for $15,500, part cash and bal-
ance on mortgage. A wonderful opportunity
for Investors, or for a man with large family.
Apply room 43, 8th floor. Mills building.
JOHN FFORR. 403 Pine St.. near Montgomery.
$18,000— Rent $1560 per annum; a fine business
property; 2 stores and flats; lot 40x120; on 2
streets.
$11,000— Rent $1438 per annum; large corner
property: stores and flats.
$2500— Rent $240 per annum; business prop-
erty on Eighteenth St.; store and 2 rooms.
$4S00— Make offer; rent $385 per annum; 2 fine
flats on Folsom st.. nr. Fourth: always rented.
$70,000 — A centrally located property; a bar-
$10,000— 6 cottages and lot 100 ft. front by S2:6
ft. depth: on Eddy st., near Scott.
$5750— Rent $535 per annum: a fine 3-story
house, store and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary st.,
near Fillmore. '-. ,-
$4000— Credit eale of a Park Panhandle prop-
erty on Oak st., near Central ave.; fine cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25X110.
ANY of those choice lots ' that* I am offer-In*
In Richmond will be worth double within S
years, they are so cheap: buyers can pay
In Installments If they wish to; lots ready to
build ou and cars passing; close in and very
desirable. W. J. GUNN. 530 California Bt.
ONLY, $1400 for both— The cream of Richmond,
the choicest and the cheapest; 2 fine lots
west side of Eleventh ave., north from Clem-
ent: elevated and having that pretty marine
view. W. J. OUNN. 530 California St.
$350— 50xlMi NE.. COR. 20th ave. South and L
st. South; S. S. Hd. & R. R. Ass'n.
$150— rOxlCO: N. side 20th ave. South. 225 ft
west of H 8t. South. S. S. Hd. & R. R. Ass'n.
$169—53x100; N. side Felton '"et.. 26:3 east
• Dartmouth St.: University Mound Tract.
$125—23x120; E. side Dartmouth St.. 125 ft.
8. Silllman St.; University Mound Tract.
CHAS. C. FISHER. 624 Market «t.
ALL cars run direct to "Ocean/ View," the
prettiest suburb In San Francisco; fine level
lots, near cars $126. $150 and $200 each;
cottages $S00, $300. $1000 and $1500 each.
' THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
$2700-$29OO— 6-ROOM houses (on easy terms),
with open plumbing; rtono walks; decorated
all through; on Liberty st.. near Ca3tro.
and Elizabeth st., near Douglas; 2 sold and
4 left. Owner and builder, J. ANDERSON,
818 Elizabeth st. ' " ¦ '
2 LOTS— 2 blocks from electric cats.'
2Sxl2.-» each.
Ready to build on — worth $350 each. :
$125 each will buy them.
For sale by H. C. DECKER. 1C20 Market.
$3700— RARE chanco for home facing Park; all
modern: 6 rooms -and bath; finished base-
ment: on H St., near Twelfth ave.; take blue
car line. Owner on premises.;
$1100— COTTAGE, two lota. ? rooms; high base-
ment and bath. 4013 Folsom St.
$419-50x14!): JUNCTION Laldley and Noe sts-:
, grand vlow. C. WILLMOTT. M6 Market ->t.
FOR sale— Complete furnished flat 7 rooms and
b£th; price reasonable. ' 724 Ellis st. }
HEAL ESTATE: CITV FUK SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63a Market Street.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$40,000— Northwest corner on one of best busi-
ness streets, 100x123 ft.; Improvements, 4
-'•'-- stores, flat, 4 large houses; rents $222 50
monthly.
SNAP.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$8300—2 beautiful modern flats. 7 and S rooms
and bath, round bay-windows, frescoed
walls,, elecant wood work: on one of
best streets in Western Addition; rents
$960 per annum; cars pass.:
POWELL-STREET CORNER.
$SOCO— Rents $120; 3 stores and lodging-house of
21 rooms.
CHEAPEST FLATS IN THE MISSION.
MUST BE SOLD.
$C3C0— 4 flats of 4 and S rooms and bath: bay-
windows, brick foundation; mansard
roof. Iron fence, fine view; also 25 feet
vacant, lot 75x114 feet, on 19th st.; will
eubdlvide.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
$63C0— Any offer submitted; 8 rooms and bath;
rorth side Page st.; key lot, 25x137:6 ft.
SCOTT-STREET RESIDENCE.
FORCED SALE.
$6000— Handsome bay-windowed house, eight
1 rooms and bath; porcelain tub; 2 tile
mantels; bitumen street; -cement walk.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$5200—3 fine' well-built modern flats, 5, Sand <
rooms and bath; rents $353 per annum;
lot 25x125 feet; near Waller and Fill-
more Sts.
MISSION COTTAGE.
ON INSTALLMENTS— PRICE $2000.
$300 cash— Balance small Installments; Inter-
est 6 per cent; 4 rooms and bath and 6-
foot basement: lot 25x114 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO..
638 Market at.
McAFEB BROTHERS.
108 Monteomery st.. Ban Francisco. Cal. -
Splendid home, nearly new, on " Pacific
Heights; S larce rooms, with attic and bise-
mer.t; finely .finished throughout: with uninter-
rupted marine vfSw; price $12,500.
Two new fiats in Panhandle district: 7 rooms
each; rented for $70 monthly; price. $7500.
• • '¦ - .
Four flats south of Market St., In food condi-
tion; new plumbing, etc.: rent $40; price $37:0.
Large lot. 105x114. In the Mission, with cottage
of. 7 rooms; reduced to $3500; a very cheap buy;
house stands on 25 feet.
Two flata in fine rentine location; Just fin-
ished; 6 and 8 rooms; all latest moderi* Im-
provements; will rent for $50; you. cant beat
these flats for the money.
Lots overlooking the Presidio grounds, on
north side of street; only $63 per foot.
Twelve fine building- lots In Western Addi-
tion; corner Scott and McAllister sts.; yet plat
at office.
Pacific and Presidio Heights lots. We ar* au-
thorized to offer at very reasonable prices sev-
eral choice lots In these districts. Call for list.
Only $1500 each— Four lots on Dolores St.. be-
tween Liberty and Twenty-first: 25x92:6 each.
Three-room house . In South San Francisco;
only $350; a snap.
Nina lots at Twenty-fifth and San Bruno sts.,
$<£0 and upward; easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
- 108 Monteomery st.. San Francisco.
CENTER & SPADER.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
11 MontBomery st'. (I-ick House Block.>
$13,500.
NW. cor. Franklin and Grove: 67:6x63:9; with
two-story house, 7 rooms; corner vacant;
choice location for flats.
$20,000.
NE. cor. on Ft>lsom st.; munufacturinic dis-
trict; 283 feet front; K0 feet deep; to close
an estate.
J2000.
SW. cor. Eighteenth st. and Treat aye.: 89x150;
both sts. sewered; cheapest corner In Misolon.
SSSOOi
Sacramento, nr. Leavenworth; 5 modern flats;
rents $7S; lot 34x137:6; make- offer.
$6000.
Webster St.. nr. "California: modern 2-stor>»
residence; 9 rooms, bath, laundry and base-
ment; lot 25x106:3.
1(000.
Ninth st.. nr. Folsom: 2-story house; 9 rooms;
lot 21x100; make an offer for this property.
$2600.
Pierce St., nr. Eddy; 2 flats: 4 and 6 room*;
always rented; rents $23; lot 25xS0.
13000,
Slxth-st. store and two flats; 7 rooms each;
rents- $32; lot 25x90. ....
$2300.
Payments to suit purchaser: modern J-story
residence; 6 rooms and bath; 1220 York et..
lot 26x100.
$1600.
A snap: modern cottage; 6 rooms and bath: In
Mission; lot EOxlCO.
$1800 AND UP.
Modern cottage*. 4 to 7 rooms, In the Mission,
on easy monthly payments.
A few choice residences In best part of Ala-
meda on easy terms. Call and ret list."
CENTER & SPADER.
MADISON &. BURKE.
Established January, 1533.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market et.. opposite Palace Hotel.
$15.C00*-Beautiful modern house In the beat
part of the marine view section of th« city.
$3400 — Lanston st.. near Folsom: front and
rear house; rent $30; lot 25xS0.
$.5000— Post st., near Baker; lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 23x137:6; must be sold to
close estate.
S8500— Pine st.. near Scott; two flats; rents
$87 SO; lot £3x137:6.
Laundry building^ with two flowlnc wells «t
AX water, tanks, barn and lot 163x120. on north
line of Lombard St., between Fillmore and
Steiner: also lot i;2xl20 on Chestnut st. In
rear: rents »73 per month* must be soM on ac-
count of non-residence.
Bush-st. corner, near Kearny: lot 60x7'\ with
large, substantial bulldinss; rents $230 per
month.
Misslon-st. bargain, near Twelfth: Iar«e lot:
new improvements, store and flats; rent $110;
nrice, $1S,COO.
* $10 SCO — Fine . vacant property: lot »7:Sx3J.
with two corners: Taylor and Greenwich »t3.;
Just the place for a grocery.
jSOOO— An elegant north corner In the Pres'.dlo
Heights district; -60x90; tms Is choice prop-
erty and very cheap.
16500— Bush St., near Webster: 8 rooms and
bath; eleeantly finished Interior; 27x110.
$7000— Harriet »t., near Howard: lot 50x73,
holding frontage to Sixth st.: cent S38.
Sutter St.. corner of Buchanan: 35x37:6; only
$S0OO. MADISON & BURKE. 628 Markc*. st.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO..
138 Montgomery Street.
"$17,000— Jackson st. corner: large lot: 60x127 :8H
feet; Western Addition.
$6000— Belvedere St.; lot 25x120 feet; modern
flats; annual rents $600; very desirable.
$6500 — Reduced from $7500; mbdern residence on
Vallejo st.. near Laguna; 9 rooms, bath.
cement basement, furnace, marine view;
property tost owner $10,000; must be sold
soon.
$3500 — Ashbury Heights: cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; high basement; easily made Into
flats.
$2800— Fifteenth st., near Howard; house six
rooms, bath, cellar; street accepted; to
Close an estate.
$4C50 — Oak st.. near Cole; 37:6x137:6 ft.
$2100 — Waller St., near Central ave.; 25x100.
$1600— First ave. near Clay St.; 27:xlO8 ft.
$5125-Pre8idio Heights; cor.: 37:flxI02:SVl. '
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO..
13S Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
. Quick Sales, Small Profits. Our Motto!
Cheapest Lots. Best Locations.
$300 to $800— Graded Sunset Heights lots; $22
down, $10 monthly.
$400 to $S0O— Tour choice In Richmond lots.
Buy from us and save 25 per cent. $25 down,
$10 monthly.
$75, $100, $200 to $350— Level boulevard lots
and near MTSSlsn st.; $10 down,. $5 monthly.
$750. $1000 to $2300— Splendid cottages in Sun-
set. Richmond and Mission; all bargains; easy
terms.
Branch office Ninth ave., near H St., Sunset.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM 54, CHRONICLE BUILDING.
$S7B0 EACH— Two new modern houses, 13 rooms. I
2 baths; sun In every room; Central ave . nr !
Hatcht. T. II. TURNER. Owner, room 425.
Emma Spreckels building-.
SMALL cottage with chicken houses and sta-
*ble. suitable for expressman, for $400. In-
quire- at HAAKS* saloon. Chenery and Dia-
mond tsts.. Glen Park.
BARGAIN— Modern Iwo-story house, t rooms
bath. Call on or address 13.9 O'Farrell st.
$W'O ONLY — S100 cash and $10 monthly: two fine
lots 50x100, - wi(h small hous*;. Alabama" st.,
' near Cortland ave: absolutely best bargain In
. city. Owner, 1223 Cortland ave. ¦
$4500 — Near Third and Silver sts. ; flats; rent
$40. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 648 Market st.
$7Cf47-£0xlC4 feet: 6 flats and rear house: rent
$66. Apply 2S171i Twenty-second st., rear, be-
tween 9 and 11 o'clock a. m.3sai3_MKH
REAl, ESTATE CITV KOR SALU.
LYON & HOAG 114 MONTGOMERY ST.
J7.0CO— $1CO cash, balance monthly; fine mod-
em residence on Laurel, near Clay: con-
taining 9 rooms nnd bath and all con-
veniences; splendid marine view; best
portion of l - resi(}lo Heights.
$3,600— Rents K'i per month: 2 fine flata on
BrOfler:ek st.. containing 5 and 6 rooms*,
bath. etc.
J6,Ta>-^Two modern flats, facing I'arlc pan-
handle, ccntainins 6 and 7 rooms an>l
bath; rents |60; mortgage of $3160 can
remain.
JS.ICO^Very cheap; 3 large new fiats, near
Tventy-?econ<l and Valencia st3. ; all
rented for $33,
$2, CCO — Rents C4; ccrner of Rroadway. close to
Uascn; good investment, censistinc cf
t flats: mcrtsage of $r.c>) can remain.
JD.OCO— Splendid residence on Leavenworth at..
contzrininj; S large rooms finished base-
ment, beth. etc.; lot 31xK0; near Sacra-
mento Et.
$7,500— lltnts *70 per month: handsome new
flats in best portion cf Pj»rk Panhandl*
district, containing 6 ar.d « rooms; lat-
est sanitary plumbing.
J3.5C0— Fine modern re?l<ienc» on Cole St.. only
short distance frcm Park, containing 9
rooms ami bath; lot 25x123.
$12. CCO— Pays over 10 per cent: splendid corner
Investment; close to Park; -4 expensively
built flats; new; all rented: lot 50 feet
front by good depth; rent $110.
LYON * HOAO,
114 Jlnntfromery
?2^0— New up-to-date cottage; 3 large sunny
rooms, bath, etc.; lot 60 feet front: close to
Klghteenth and Panvers sts.; only a few
steps from S. F. and S. St. electric car*.
¦-*¦;: LYON & HOAO,
___^ 111 Montgomery st
$21CO—A GOOD speculation; 11 lota north of th»
Park; four cf them frontln* It.
.LYON & HOAO. 1H Montgomery rt.
LYON &HOAG.
114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$6400— Fine home; close to town; Leavenworth)
»t.. near Washington; 0 rooms, bath, hot
air furnace, etc.: fine vie-nrs.
$700O-Hcme on Presidio Heights. Laifrel. near
Clay; contains 9 rooms, buth. etc.; charm-
ins views; select neighborhood.
?42S0 — Rent HI; business property; vicinity
Ninth and Folscm; store and fiats; all
rented.
LYON & HOAO.
; 114 Montgomery st.
~ CHEAP LOTS ON HYDE ST. "
51-50— $100 cash, balance monthly; cars pass
property; will build to suit.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IV THIS LIST
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
$2700— Two swell Mission flats: 5 rooms each
and stable; rents $30; mortgage $^HX).
J2SC0 — Sacramento st.. east of Powell; renta
$15; one tenant 10 years.
$3300— Three nice flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth and Mission sts.; pays 10 per cent.
$5300— Corner 40x00, with good 10-room
house: Hyde st.
$7710— Splendid Investment; near Van Nes»
ave.; rents $S1.
$5CC0— Three S-room modern Cats; rented low
$S5; near Leavenwcrth st.
$3300— Business property; Ninth »t., near
Mission; rents J43.
$11.000— Store and" 2 strictly modern flats of
7 and 9 rooms; north of. Market «t.
$12,500— Leavenworth st. ; rents $105; lot 85-
foot front.
315.000 — Orand corner 'business property; renta
$112; lot 55x90 feet.
$21,000— Eight grand flats, 5 and S room*.;
near Jones St.; lot 75x137; pays 10 per cent.
$2S,0"JO— Kusinesa property of 4 stores and 8
flats; rents $2*0. -
I3S.00O— Misston-st. corner: 170x160; actually
worth $03,000; must sell at once.
moc«V-Comer; Golden Gate ave.; 137:8x127:8;
rents $210.
JCS.OOO— Grand corner; 60-foot front; few
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75. WO— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tlvoll; old Improvements; rents JIOO.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
VON KHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (IncVK "
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$10.000— Corner on Montgomery ave. ; stores
and lodging-house: rents 1176 50.
$18,000— Broadway, cear Mason; 81:4^x137:6;
3 new flats and rear house; renta $U5.
$12,000— Union St.. near Taylor; 25:9x123:9;, I
modern flats and rear house; rents $33 50.
$6000 — Lombard St.. neae Dupont; 40x30 to reax
street; 4 fiats; rents US. - . •
$3500— Buchanan, rear Post; 24xS7:8; house of
7 rooms and bath; rent $33.
$5000— Corner Leavenwcrth and Broadway;
cottage and 2 flata: rent $41.
$4230 — Alabama, near Twenty-fourth; 28xlCO;
2 flats; rents $33. . -:
$4250— Harriet, near Bryant; 23x75; I-itory
building; rents J40.
$3730— Jones, near Vallejo; 45:10xS3:9; 4 flats;
rents $40 50.
$3^0— Capp St., near Twenty- fourth; 15:9x80;
bouse of 7 rooms and bath; rent $20.
UNIMPROVED. :
$18.003— Union, near Mason; 93:6x137.8. . • ¦'
$5500— Grenwich St., near Taylor; 45:lihcl37:«.
SGOCO— Polls St.. near ChMtnut; 107:SxS7:«.
$3S0O— Fulton , St., near Fillmore; 32:6x137:*.
$3000— Laguna St., near Page: KxlCO.
$3«00— Steiner St., near Waller; 24x81
$273) each— Post St., near Devisadero: 2 lots.
«250O— Cor. Thirtieth and Dolores; 26:SxlOO.
$2000— Waller St.. hear Ptanyan; 25x100.
$1500— Cor. Twenty-second and Noe: 26:6x105.
$1250 each— Dolores, near SOth; 23x100; 2 lots.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LI9tC
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. ««7 Market st.
$2350 — Two splendid flats; rented $23; near
Sixth St.
$2700— Two swell Mission flats; 5 rooms each
and stable: rents $30; mortgags $2300.
$2SC0 — Sacramento st.. east of Powell; renu
!25; one tenant 10 years.
$3500— TI?ree nice flats; all rented; near Nln»>
t*enth anJ Mission sts.: pays V* per cent.
$5100— Corner 40x30. with good 10-room house;
Hyde st.
$77EO— Splendid Investment; tear Van Ness
tve. ; renta $31.
JJOCO— Three 8-room modern flats; rented low
£55; rear Leaveuwcrth st.
$3tC0 — Business property;' Ninth St., n-ir
Mission; rents $45.
$ll.(X;0 — Store and 3 strictly modern flata ot
7 and 9 rooms; north of Market st.
$12.5C0— Leavenworth St.; rents $105; lot 15-
foot front. .
$13.000— Grand corner business property; rents
$112.
%2l.>' CO— K'rht —and flats. S and 6 rooms; near
Jcnes St.; let 7Jxl37; pays 10 per cent.
J2S.CC0— Business property of 4 stores nnd I
flats; rents J2T0. I
$3^.000— Misslon-st. comer: 170x160; actually
worth $33,000; must sell at once.
$40,000— Corner; Golden Gate ave. ; I37:6xl37:«:
rfnts $240.
J.*3.0CO-Grand corner; «0-foot ¦ front; f«w
biocks from Orpheum: pays ( per cent net
$73.000 — Grard corner: 60-foot front: within
block of Tivrll: old improvements; rents $400.
Other barsair.s.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO. ~ ~~
Will offer fcr saie at auction MONDAT.
March 4. 1901. at 12 o" clock — ., at their of»
flee. 11 City Kail sauare. th« following de-
scribed property. Improved and nnlrnproTed:
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
S. E. corner Grove and Webster sts.
No. -US Lombard st.
N. E. corner Noe and Twenty-second sts. •
S. E. comer Nineteenth ar.d Hartford sts.
N. E. comer Thirtieth and Church sts.
IK) and lC9>i Fair Oaks St.. near I2d.
S. \V. corner Seventeenth and Church sts. '
147S to 14S4 Valencia st.
4S4 and 4S6 Sanchez st.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTT.
S. E. corner Dolores and Liberty sts.
S. TV*, corner TwentyAighth are. and U 4
S. W. corner Princnm and Manaell sts.
Chenery St.. near Palmer. --_•.;- .•
N. E. corner College and Olmstead sts.
Twenty-sixth ave., .'.ear K st.
Twenty-fourth ave. and Bermuda st.
H. \V. corner 22d st. and Aldcn avt.
See cur catalogue.
CITT LOTil ~*
Five lots, corner Bronte and Jefferson sts., I
blocks from electric caps; icood marine view.
One lot In town of Amedee. I.-assen County.
For sale cheap fcr cash. Call cr address
"W. A.- JAMES, owner, care Smiths' Cash Store.
C. C. BEMI3. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 234 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sevent_
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; S0xll4 f«ct.
$1«00— North line Carl St.. near Stanyan; 23s
1Z7:6 fett. .
BENJ. H. LICHTKNSTKIN. Dlythe butldlns:.
14 Grant ave.. offers a valuable corner, oa
Third St.; well rentcu.
A THOROUGHLY Kilt-edge Investment; flna
brick block containing 6 stores and flats
above: all rented; lot SOxlSS: northeast c«r-
r.er; very prominent: "paying Rood InterMt:
owner want? to to Into oil. Apply to JAM«-:3
MASON, Notary. 425 California St.. Sai»
Francisco.
$1300— CHEAPEST home in th» city: to «ft>ct
quick sale: 4 rooms ar.d stable; well of water
produces 1CC0 gallons per day; street accepted
by city: cement sidewalk: plank sid? .en-
trance: part cash. Call Immediately on H.
W. DAVIS. 41i Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
CHEAJ'EST lets in the Western Addition-;
southwest ror. Pine and Lyon sts.; 1 lota 23
xlCO and 2;xS7:C; $1TU» to IliflO. McGLYNN A
HENTON, room 22. Chronicle building.
DON'T fall to see these up-to-date houses",
Clayton st.. V-i blocks south of Haight St.;
can b» bought on ea*y terms. See owner bn
premises or J. ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
FOR the best located lets In flichmond and th«
chcap-st call on W. J. Uuan. J30 California.
PACIFIC Heights; 12- room residence. TIIQ
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mark-t st.
rjr-7 wasjTington'st] ~~~ : ~~
$ISCO; must be »old rn account of deportars;
house of 7 rooms ar.d bath: Int 23x"127:8-i.
IF you fcavle lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on tt*, J. Gl'NN. S30 California »t-
For Additional CU-slflsd Adverusa^
xnents See Page TMxtj.THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
30
You'll enjoy looking them
over, they are so different from
what most stores carry— not V
high priced either. -' . V, : :
Scbluetexf
215-217 Sutter Street— above KeJtfny.'
If you are thinking of carpets,
better come here and look at
the new patterns we recently
re:3iv -a splendid lot of out-
of-the : ordinary carpets.
We carry an extensive line
of carpets, mattings, linoleums,
rugs, curtains, etc., and you
have a standing invitation to
call any time and see them.
time coming
UOO.MS TO LET— Farn. anil llnfnrn.
GROVK. CC9U— Nicely turnished front room. x -
HOWAItD. b22— Newly turnished sunny light
i rooms;, iirivato.
LAKKIN, 819Vi— Sunny front room suitable for
lady or, gentleman; bath; phone; }7.
MARKET. 105.". over shoe store— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient: for gentlemen only.
MARKET, 1112— Nice bay-window suite, three
rooms; new and clean: rent reasonable.
Mc.VLLJSTER, f.K— Sunny front bay-window
furnished room; running water.
MINNA. CB7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room; $1 per wrek; transient.
MISSION. 930',4 (Laurci House)— Rooms to let;
en suite or single; no transient.
MISSION. 127:-Ftont and back parlor; also
one single hallroom.
NEW ARLINGTON'. 1015 Market St.— Cicely
furnished rooms, f2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL; 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
ofriceo; elevator; elec. lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRKLL. 314A— 2 sunny furnished rooms,
front nnd side; «3 and S4.
OTARRRLL, 74:-N'!cely furnished parlor, en
suite or single; ras, bath, phone; $10 to $21.
O'FAltnrCLL. 776 — Sunny -single room; gas;
bath: rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 770-Handsomely furnished bactc
parlor and other rooms; running water; bath.
O'FARItEI.U SU5 — Neatly furnished room, with
; bath; suitable for gentlemen; rent $5.
POST, 327— Newly furnished front room. S2 50
! week'; small sunny room, closet, $1 15 week.
ItESHECTABLK working woman can have
furnished suite rooms; use kitchen and batn;
private family; $3. Box 2049, Call offlce.
ROYAL House, IM Ellis— Incandescent light;
readlne-room. smoking-room and 'ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 &0: week, $2 to
$>; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
.rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE Hou3e. 310-321 Ellis 6t.-Rooni»,
night. 25c to II: week. SI 25 to I*: open night.
SACRAMENTO, 13C3B— 3 rooms, separate en-
trance, with yard; sun all day; rent V.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STCVENSON. 1207— Lady, living alone, will
rrnt sunny furnished room to working
woman; $2 rer month.
SUTTER. 220V4— Changed handsf newly reno-
vated; single rooms, }»; suites. $12 to tI5 mo.
TAYLOR, 613H— Double bay-window parlor»;
running water; piano! suitable for 4 gentle-
men.
THE BERLIN,' 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
TURK. 32— Nicely furnished front room; also
other rooms; rent reasonable.
TURK. 613. between folk and Van Ness— Three
unfurnished rooms.
TWELFTH. Ill— Large sunny room In private
family; suitable for couple; reasonable.
WILLIAM. J9, off O'Farrell. bet. Jones and
Taylor— Nice sunny furnished rcom; gas and
bath; J8. _
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2?0O Flllmore st.
ROOMS ATili BOARD. .
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 107 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and Elghtly rooms nt modest rates.
ELEGANTLY & nowly furnished sunny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. 11C3V4 Broadway, cor. 12th Rt.. Oak-
land, top flocr. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms with board;
u?e of parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van Xess.
KOOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
Flrtt St.
KOOMS AM) BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— Suite of 4 or 6 rooms and bath,
with board, In Jewish family or boarding-
house. Box 2044. Call office.
MUSICIAN wishes room and board In private
family. Box 20S4, Call ofllce.
WANTED by single man, board and room In
private family. Box 2080. Call.
Si'KCIAI, NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other:
cend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladei.. Pa.*
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5GS0.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
.16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
OKK1CE of the County Clerk, and ex-offlclo
Clerk of. the Board of Supervisors, of th*
County of San Mateo, State of California.
NOTICE OK SALE OP FRANCHISE.
Public notice Is hereby given that on th?
18th day of February. A. U. 1901. W. L>. K.
GIBSON, as applicant, made to, and filed
with, the Board of Supervisors of the County
of San Mateo, State of California, a written
application for a franchise and privilege,
which raid application was. and Is. In the
words and figures following, to-wlt:
"To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County ot San Mateo, State ot Cali-
fornia:
"Gentlemen: I hereby apply to your, hon-
orable body for a franchise and privilege to
construct and operate a single or double,
track railroad, of standard gauge, for the
period of fifty years, with the privilege of
erecting and maintaining the necessary poles,
wires and appliances for an electric trolley •
system, upon the following public highways
In the county ot San Mateo, State of Cali-
fornia, to-wlt:
"1. Over, upon and across the Mission
county road on a center line distant forty
feet, more or less, from Its Intersection with
the westerly line of the right of way of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company at Baden
crossing. ,
"2. Over, uoon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as San Bruno lane,
adjacent and parallel to the westerly line or
the right of way of the Southern Pactflc
Railroad Company.
"3. Over, upon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as the San Bruno
road, adjacent and parallel to the westerly
line of the right of way of th« Southern IV
cltlc • Railroad Company.
"4. In the townstte known as the Millbrae
Villa Tract, along, over and upon that cer-
tain street known as Railroad avenue, which
lies adjacent to the westerly line of the
right of way of the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company, from the northerly boundary
line of said Millbrae Villa Tract to the south-
erly line thereof, with the necessary turn-
outs; and over, upon and across said Mill-
brae avenue, between Railroad avenue an-!
Hemlock avenue, to the southerly line of
said avenue. .
"5. Over, upon and across that county road
at Burllngame known as Burllngame avenue,
where San Mateo drive. If extended, would
Intersect said avenue.
"6. Over, upon and across that certain
road known as Peninsular avenue at Its' in-
tersection with that road In Howard's Bur-
llngame townsite known as San Mateo drive.
"Together with all necessary switches and
turnouts.
' "I respectfully ask that your Honorable
Board advertise this application In accord-
ance with the provisions of the act entitled.
'An act to amend an act entitled "An act
providing for the sale of railroad and other
franchises In municipalities, and relative to
granting of franchises." approved March 23,
18j3, by amending bectlon 1 of said act,' ap-
proved March 19. 1897.
"Dated Redwood City. California. Febru-
ary 12th. 1S01.
"W. D. IC- GIBSON. Applicant.".
And public notice is hereby further Klvtn
thut on the Bald lSth day of February, 1901, In
open session of the said Board of Supervisors,
the said application was read and considered,
whereupon said board voted, and by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined and announced
that It proposed to grant said application,
franchise nnd privilege, and directed that the
fact that an application for such franchise
and privilege had been made to said board,
together with a statement that It was. and
Is. proposed by said board to grar.; the same
be advertised In The San Francleco Call, a
dally newspaper published In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California. .
as provided by law and as directed by said
resolution. ,
And public notice is herf by f urtr «riglven that
the character of the franchise and privilege pro-
posed to be granted by said board Is to con-
struct and operate a single or double track
railroad, of standard . gauge, with the privi-
lege of erecting and maintaining the neces-
sary poles, wires and appliances for an elec-
tric trolly system, and the term of Its con-
tinuance Is lifty years, and the route to bi
traversed by- said railroad Is over, upon and
across the roads, highways and streets men-
tioned In said application. .
And public notice is hereby further given
that pursuant to law and the said resolution
of said board and as thereby, and as therein
directed, the said Board of Supervisors pro-
poses to grant the said application, franchise
and privilege prayed for by said applicant,
and' that on Monday, the first day of April,
A. D. 1301, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m..
at the chambers of said board, at the Court-
house In Redwood City. In the county of San
Mateo, State of California, bids or - tenders
will be received by said board for such fran-
chise and privilege, and that said board will
then and there. In cpen session of said board,
read said «blds and tenders and consider and
act thereon, and will award said franchise
and nrlvilege to the highest bidder, and In
accordance with the act of the Legislature
mentioned In. said application. .
By order of said Board of Supervisors mad*
and dated this 18th day of February. A. D.
1301. M. H. THOMPSON,
County Clerk, and ex-offcio Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, of said County of
Ean Mateo. State of California.
By H. W. BCHAnERQY Deputy Clerk.
(Seal of Board of Super/lsors.)
JAUMMA ADVERTISEMENTS
AI.AUIHM »<!-.%«. ••>• •'»••.
J FOBECXiOSCJlE! Foreclosure: Foreclosure'.
i*omi>ellt-d to Sell!
j Mim I> ?c!<l This Week'. See 1's This Week
U Vou Dtsiiv ti Secure a Bargain*.
\ fine «ix-rocm hcute; large lot; cood loca-
tion.
I13C0.
! Frr sale en ca«y Installinrnt": five-room Cclo- ;
tii^l tiro-story house: rood tlzed lot.
J2.-00.
An elrjrant ten-room ••oUr.-e. r.ear Morton-st.
rt.itlrn: must be ho'.<1 this v.-eek.
. . jcocn. :
1 a eplerwMd six-room cottage, between the
I iTcml and narrow soulc trains; nice lot; a
I t;raj..
?ir,co. . :
I riPFpntly Flto-atpd. In the choicest part of
Alameda: u l>eautiful- Kev.n-rcom house: thort
time bu1'.t: foreclosure.
$47^0.
Elegant corner lot. ir<"\i:,0. together with
j hou:e of ten rooms; on CTinton ave. : property
[worth r?*CO; just forect«>aed; Investigate.
«u-oo.
I A nrren-room, 8-stcry houf; !ot COxiCO: now
rented f'-r $:.'?.
l-uy a Home In Alnm-Oa This Week.
¦ Re«t e'nd cheapest properties ever offered for
| fale.
i'a'.l am! sea us at one i? you wart a ?nap:
£."> per cent saved by buying now.
Horns built, rented ar.d exrhar.god.
ALA MED A LAND COMPANY.
I • ISM Park st.. Alameda. nnd
Rcom 325. Parrott bldz., £i. F.
O.T.ce cpen Sunday? nnd Evtnlnca.
};n\i_A BEAUTIFUL mrdern home of £ rooms;
best location in Alameda; near bathing beach:
' larpe lot; this properly can be had upon a
verv rrr.a'll cash payment ami ea^y monthly
nayraents; a splendid opportunity *° »= A cun: n
tin* home. . Address owner, bcx 203o, Call
| Offlce. Oakland. •
J yf^^y Fpocisl barpnlns: foreclosure properties;
j B-»nuine fnaps; erionrjh paid, as I do not be-
I I'o-.e in -xter.dfd ads. J. A. REMMEL. Bay
j Et.itl'->n. Alsmeda..
KOn f-a:c — Z new rotttr.fr now building, 5 nnd
C rooms, can be made to suit purchaser;
UVber st.; f.ne location. J. II. YOUNG.
1 builder. 12-43 Park ft.
AI<*USDA nil.MSHEl) IIOIHSUS^ I
I TO r»nt-A handsomely furnished 2-story hou^e
rf 3 rpoms. bath, elofet, etc., and large
Kiniinds and garden: i-onvenient to trains
ant) electric cars. KI.DEH Itcnts! Uureau.
21 Kenrny st.: phone Rf<l 2334.
1 BEHKE'LEV ADVERTISEMENTS
DCRKEI.EY REAL IJSTATB.
|
¦ NEW up to date r.-room cottage, bath, pastry.
i folding floors, wooden mantol. crflna closet:
I also medicine closet porcelain bath and tile J
I Mnk: rat p nt closet, gas nnd electric llphts;
hot and cold water: stationary tubs; brick
foundation: 7-foot basement; two bay-win-
dows: large lot: all fenced and cross fenced;
chicken house, etc.. price J1S0O; terms to suit;
only two blocks from Etatlon and street car
lines; take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
station. RUDOLPH. PEKKINS & LYON.
I^orln.
Office open Sundays.
T-IIOOM modern house within U block ot sta-
tion: street work all done: all large rooms
and closets: price $1800: J2C0 cash, balance
$15 50 monthly: house will rent for J17 50:
best location in town for business; take
Herkelev train. Rrt off at I.orln station.
I RUDOLPH. PKHK1NS & LYON. Lorin.
Office open Sur.dayr.
I CIIICKENSV Chlrken«T— Now In the time for
I chickens; 1 acre of fine deep alluvial soil, ,
tocether with all Improvements, for $1250;
only I20O cash. »i?.lanc«* $1« per month; all
fenced, with 4-rncm house; surrounded by
ley train, xet off at Lnrin station. lir-
DOLPII. PERKIKS & LYON; offlce open
I Sundays.
i NEW 4-room bay-window cottage; high base-
I ment: electric wired: large pantry. bath.
J hall, etc.; all modern: sunny side street: lot
[ roxlOO; well, tank nnd windmill; chlcken-
houi=e and yard; i>ru-e ll&X); terms to suit,
i OELLKRICH & PKRKIXF. Lorin Station.
IWkeley; S blocks to R. R. depot; half a
I block to electric < - ars.
! NEW. 6 rooms, two-story, basement, bath: all
modern: electric fixtuies: tinted walls; street
wcrk all done: rlKht ot It. R. station: this Is
a snap: must be ?old s»t once: price only $1700.
on your own terms; why pay rent when you
can buy a fire house like this nnd pay for
Fame as rent? Taki> Berkeley train. p»t eft
Lorin station. OELLKRICH & PERKINS.
SroOO— $100, BALANCE $20 per month. Will buy
a new-5-room cottage; porcelain bath, tiled
pink: only 1 block to train and electric cars;
furniture If desired. \V. C. MORAN.
tir.00 — SEW 5-room cottape; $l'X) cash, l»alan<-e
$13 per nr.onth; 2 blocks to cars. \V. C.
MORAN. Lorin station. Berkeley.
j $1200 — NEW :-room cottage; lot 41x126: on fun-
1 r.y sitlo of street: S2TS cosh, balance $12 a5
I per month. \V. C. MORAN, I^orln station.
i Berkeley.
I ONLY V'!)0; on the very best street In the
I very be.n part of our beautiful town: on the
I tunny side of street, near the station, school-
I house and cars; house of 7 rooms and bath:
fine large lot. stable, etc.; all street work
j done; a thorough bargain; should be seen
I to be appreciated.
Ton cannot lose money by buying that
house of 4 room?: let 5<lxl3V »nJ only $13.V).
' JOPKPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. O. Berkeley.
j $.-.v»— RIGGEST barpaln In town; lot .V.xlM on
Shattuck ave.; half block of denot ; street
macadamized and cement sidewalk; owner
i must sell; cheap for quick sale; only $3j0.
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley station.
JICOO — ALMOST new home, with all Improve-
m« nt«.
J35O0 — Nobby new l-.ouye. 7 rooms; street Im-
proved. MAY 4- MORTIMER. Berkeley sta'n.
BARGAINS— Five houses, five to seven rooms;
modern: $1100 to $1800: easy payments: near
local trains and electric cars; I also have
bonton Investment properties paying 1 per
cent per month: will buy lot and build to
suit you. H. B. PINNEY, office opposite
local station. Berkeley.
FOR sale or lease — Beautifully situated 7-roorr
house; fronting university grounds. Address
H. I. COON, owner. 222 Sansome St.. S. F. ¦
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRIITVAI.E HEAL KSTATE.
GRAND OPPORTUNITY.
Pleitner Heights Tract.
Cheapest Lots in Fruitvale.
Half Acres and Acres.
Lots S75 and upward, only $25 down, remain-
der 15 monthly. This property possesses great-
attraction for residei.ee uses, as it commands
an expensive view of the beautiful scenery all
around, with beet of soil for Kardenlng. planted
with bearing fruit trees, while the climate is
Kenial. being In the famed thermal warm belt,
free from fogr. For particulars see owner, II.
A. PLEITNKR. Frultvale Station, Cal.
$S00— COTTAGE of 'i rooms, basement and at-
tic, newly renovated: large stable; fine well;
lot 10x115; $100 cash, balance $10'per month.
$1273 — Choice bargain; new cottage of 4 large
' rooms; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation;
hath, closets, pantry; chicken houses; lot l'ox
ISO: nil fenced; fine location; Just the place for
relrlr.K chickens.
$1400— Rare opportunity: modern cottage of
, S moms and bath; stable; chicken houses;
choice fruit trees in bearing; lot 100x100; all
fenced; easy terms.
Chicken ranch of one acre; rood house of 5
rooms, barn, etc., for rent at JS so per month.
Stock 8nd fixtures for sale, consisting of JOO
thoroughbred chickens, 16 chicken houses.
(rood brooder house, 4 brooders. 2 incubators.
bor.e cutter, etc. For particulars api.lv to II.
, A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
NfrW firm, new prices. Don't fall to see our
bargains In real estate.
: 4-roorn ccttage. bsrn, chicken house, 10 fruit
trees In bearing. tCZO. We have a lon»r list
to select from, also the cheapest lots In Frult-
i vale., ITTi up. Free carriage. C. H. LOWP.Y
and J. L. SAXTON. Realty building, Fruit-
. vale station.
'. OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
UFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
1 OAKLAND ItCAL ESTATE. •
! $100 CASH. $10 monthly. 1 acre of superb land;
sandy loam rolL; assorted orchard In full
bearing; also small vineyard; 3-rootn cottage.
windmill. bO.OCO-sallon tank; Al water; large
barn, chlcken-houres and outhouses: im-
mense rhade trees, ¦ shrubbery Rnd ficwers
surrounding; this Is a rare property In a very
delightful spnt; Laurel Grove Tract, adjoin-
ing Kast Oakland; nenr a fine 2-story school-
house; away from cold winds and fog:; near
Laurel Grove ave.. off School St.; hero is a
lovely «rot for a home, which you can get
on rpntal in sis: price, all told. $1200. Call or
send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. opposite
, llro.irtv.ay station. Oakland; carriage free.
1 H. /.. JONES, owner.
1 FOR SALE. '*.
A fine business ;;$S00 ctsh Income per month:.
can- be largely Increased; out and Indoor
active business; will bear the closest Inves-
tigation. Address or call at 455 Seventh St.,
• cpp. Broadway station. Oakland. H. Z.
: JONES. lan<5 owner.
j - . —
* BANKER'S home: 8 rooms; half block choicest
grounds; cost $15,000; reduced to $8000; offer
s wanted quick; going Germany.. Laymance
Real Estate Co.. 450-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
The -relatives cf the lat« Charles p. Hen*
nessy desire to return thanks to their many
friends for their kindness in their lnte> be-
reavement. Respectfully. THE FAMILY.
Mrs. O. D. Flack and family hereby desire
to express tli»lr sincere thanks to their many
friends for. the kindness and sympathy ex-
tended them In their late bereavement.
MRS. O. D. FLACK and family.
CARD OF THANKS.
CARD OF* THANKS
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. 'Remains
at the parlora of J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 7«T
Mission street.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from th» parlors of
Theo. Dlerks, S57 Mission street. Interment
Odd Fellows" Cemetery. '-¦
WITT— In this city. March 2. 1901. Albert D.
Witt, a native of Wisconsin. a*ed SO years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
at Cypress Lawn Chapel this day (Sunday).
Train will leave Fourth and Townsead streets
at 11:30 o'clock.
WENDT— In this city. Marcn 1. 1301. Bernard,
beloved son' ot John and" the late. Ltsett*
Wendt, and brother of John aad William
Wendt and Mrs. Henry Graslayn. a native of
Ean Francisco, aged 14 years ( months and
4 days. ¦ ¦-,
|L7Frtends and acquaintances art respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun*ral this dar
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Hi Geary street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
rlare.
WARD— In this city. March 1. 1901. Zlllah
May, beloved wife of Clarence R. "Ward,
daughter of Holland and Heletj Coonley. and
sister of Charles and Ben Coonley. ajred 17
years. (South Bend papers please copy.) .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral thi» day
(Sunday), from Red Men's Hall. J20 Post
street, between Stockton and Powell. wher»
the scrvlcia will be held, cocimenctnc at t
o'clock sharp, under the auspices of Poca-
hontas Tribe No. 11. Imp. Order of Red Men.
Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SCHU— In Oakland. March 2. 1301. Xellle. be-
loved wife of Charles H. Schu. a native of
Grass Valley, asr-d 27 years.
SOPER— In this city. Charles H. A.. b*Iove<t
husband of Emma Soper. father of Myrtle
Soper. dearly beloved and only son of Charles
B. and Mary E. Soper, and loving brother cf
Margaret. Evelyn. Ella and Agnes Soper and
Mrs. Robert II. Johnston, a native of San
Francisco. (Santa Crux papers please copy.)
CZ7Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the mtdenc*
of his parents. 13 Heron street, off Eighth,
between Folsom and Harrison, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a maaa
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul,
corcmenctr.* at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.'
VEATCH-In this city. March 1. 1901. Geerg*
W. Veatch, a native of Cincinnati. Ohio,
a red 75 years.
(E7"Th«» funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 12:33 o'clock, from the residence
ct the Darents. 57 Dernal avenue, near Pre-
elta avenue. Interment private.
SAWYER— In this city. February 28. 1901. Mil-
ton O. Sawyer, beloved husband of Margare-
tha Sawyer, and father of Frederick B.'.
Frank. Daniel W. and Josephlna Sawyer, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 71 years 4
months and 2 days. (Calaveras papers pleas*
copy.)
K-^"F~riends and acquaintances «re respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:%> o'clock, from the residence
rf her parents. 226'4 Fulton street, between
Franklin street and Van Ness avenue. • In*-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REED— In this city. March 1. 1901.' Oracle A..
beloved daughter of Walter N. and Alice G.
M. Rec.d. and sister of Anettl. Norman «nd
George Reed, a native of Saa Francisco, aged
1 Tear and 22 days.
CTKrlenda and acquaintance* are respect-
• Sunday). at 10:15 o'clock, from htY late resi-
dence, 1C0 First street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10:45 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAGE— Tn this city. March 2. 1901. Gusta. E.
L. Page, dearly beloved and' only child of
Elmer and Trlna Pace, and granddaughter
of Jacob A. and Marie F. Thaten and Mr*.
M. C. Parkinson of Antioch, aged 8 months
and r, daj-«.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances . ar» respect-
fully InvltM to. attend the funeral this day
• Sunday), at 10 o'clock,- from bis late resi-
dence. 23« Harriet street, thence' to> St. Rose's
Chnrch. Drannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, where services win be held, comnrenc-
Injr a» 10:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Crois
Cemetery. ' . '
O'LEARY— In this city. March 1. 1901. Tim-
othy, beloved husband of Nellie O'Leary. and
brother of James O'Leary of Butte, Mont .
a native of Incniffula, County Cork, Ireland,
ased 26 years. . '
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral this fiay
• Sunday), at Wheatland, Cal.. at 11 o'clock.
O'BRIEX— In this city ; March 1. 1901, W1I-
ltam P.. dearly beloved husband of Can:»
O'Brien, beloved ion of the late JeremlaJi
iind Hannah O'Brien, father of William.
Alice, Frank, George, Eddie, Grace, Edn»
and Marlon O'Brien, and" brother of Mrs.
John Wilson and Mrs. Thomas McGulre. a
natlv> of Worcester, Mass... aged «1 years 11
months and 8 days. •;•-.
NIEMEYER— In this city. March 1, uoi. Her-
man Charles, beloved husband cf Luctnda
Nlemeyer. and father of Dr. H. A. and Paul
Nlemeyer. a native of St. Louts, Mo., aged
£0 years 5 months and 24 days. (Maryartil*
papers please copy.)
(CT Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Gentlemen's Sodality are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from th« parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services
«t 2 o'clock. Chanel offlce will be said on
Tuesday, March 5. at 7:45 p. tn.. In the
Gentlemen's Sodality Char'l- First mass for
the repose of his soul will be celebrated on
Sunday, March 3. and second mas? on Sun-
day, March 10. Remains will be forwarded
East on Sunday evenlns's train.
McNALLT— In -this city. March 1. 1901. Annie
Mathilda, dearly beloved and only child of
William R. and Annie McNaUy. and graml-
' daushter of Mrs. Mathilda Fischer and
Stenhen and Lomira McNally. a native of
San Firnclsco. aged 3 months and 13 days
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 13 Thirtieth street, near Mis-
sion.' Internment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOREJAU— In this city. February 23 1301
Pierre Morejau. beloved husband of Marie
Morejau, and uncle of Mr. and Mrs. Gabriel
Vignaux, Mr. Pierre Vlgnaux and Mr and
Mrs. C. Fontaine, a native- of France aited
B8 years and 14 days. A member of Franco-
American Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F.
(T^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fnn»ral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
' dence, 1242 Seventh avenue south, thence to
Odd Fellows' Hall. Seventh and Market
streets/where sen-Ices will be held under the
auspices cf Franco-American Lodare No *07
I. O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery '
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of hits cousin," Mrs. A. Mlddleton. 40€Vi Te-
hama street. Interment private.
McDONALD— Iiv this city. March 2. 1901. Win-
nie H. McDonald, son of Vere McDonald. ¦
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
10 days.
McINTYRE— In this city. February 23. 1301.
Ralph Mclntyre, a native of Prince Edwards
Island, aeed SO years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invlied to attend \the funeral this day
(Sundey). at 2 o'clock, from the oarlors of
Castagnetto <& Ravenna. 643-645 Vallejo street,
between Stockton street and Montgomery
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAUGHTZ— In the City and County Hospital.
March 2. 1901, John Laughtz, a native of Ger-
many, aged C2 years.
LOTT-In this city. March 2. 1901. William S..
beloved husband of Dora L. Lott. and father
of "William, George and Rosle Lott. a native
of New York, aged 63 years 9 months and
13 days.
LtTHRSEN— In this city. March I. 1901. John
I>.. beloved husband of tho late> Eliza I.uhr-
sen, and father .of Mrs. Charles Volquards
and Herman, Henry and Etta Luhnen, a
native of Sharenbeck, Germany, ajred 61
years.
(ETThe funeral will ¦ take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law, Charles Volquards.
JCS Diamond street, near Twenty-fourth.' In-
terment private.
McCKEDIE— In this city. March 2. 1301. Sam-
uel McCredie. beloved brother of Mrs. J. L.
llerget and Nanle McCredie. cousin of Mm.
A. Middleton and Mrs. E. Barada* and
nephew of Mrs. D. McCarthy of Napa. a na-
tive of San Francisco. ¦..
I. LINDERMAN. F. S.
KOTE— In this city. March 1. 1901. Paul Kote.
a native of Germany.
Cy Friends and acquaintances ax» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlcr» of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TO the officers and members of Court Golden
State Xo. 22, F. of A. — You are hereby re-
quested to attend the funeral of our latt
brother, John P. Kearney.
J. F. JONES. C. R.
inyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
H'nai B'rlth building. 121 Eddy mreet. Fu-
neral under the auspices of San Franc!sco
Aerie No. 6. F. O. E. • Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
KEARNEY— In tMs city. March 1. 1301. John
P. Kearney, a native of County Loutb. Ire-
land, aged 55 years. A member of Court
Golden State Xo. 22. F. of A., and Loyoli
Assembly No. 1. Y. M. C. U.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morron: (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence, southwest corner of Falrvlew and
Calais streets. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
HIGHTOWER— In thla city. March 2, 1S01.
Helen, beloved Infant child of C. G. and
Nellie L. Hlzhtower. a native of California,
aged 1 month and 19 days.
JOHNSOX-In this city. February 27. 1901. John
C. Johnson, a native of Sweden, aeed 50
years. A member of San Francisco Aerie
Xo. 6. K. O. E.
C^Frlends and acquaintances ar<* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:jo o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 347 Fremont street, thence to St.
Hrendan's Church, where a solemn requiem
hich mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cro«s Cemetery-
GEORGE— In Berkeley. March 1. 1501. J.
Georce. son of John George and' Sophia
Schmidt, ami brother of John. Lewis and
Emma Schmidt, aged IS years 2 months and
Z days.
I' -y Friends iind acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral thla day
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, TSO Fifty-ninth street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
FITZOETtALD— In this city. March 1. 1901.
Richard A., beloved husband of Hannah
Fitzgerald, and beloved father of Richard
Fitzgerald. Mrs. E. M. Nelson. E. P. Peter-
son and the late John Fitzgerald, a native of
Londr.n. England, aeed C4 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. T31 Vallejo street, between Stockton
and Powell. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DOKERTY-In El Caney. Cuba. Apill 1. 13C0.
Philip A. Doherty. beloved brother of Sarah.
John. Thomas. William and Frank Doherty
and Mrs. F\ J. HarrinKton. a native of Grass
Valley. Cal., aged 33 years.
ETInterment Holy Cross Ometery this day
(Sunday), at 3:2;> o'clock.
FAIRBANKS— In Oakland. March 1. 1501. Rob-
ert Q.. beloved husband of Margaret Fair-
banks, and father of Robert A. Fairbanks, a
native of Canada, aged 35 yean*. (Toledo.
Ohio, and London and Par'* Hill. Ontario,
papers please copy.)
£7" Sen-Ices will be held this day (Sunday),
at 3 o'clock, at National Cemetery. Presidio.
DKXEGRI- In this city. February 2S. 1501. An-
drew, dearly U»lovetl son of Maria and the
late G. B. Peneerl, and brother of Antone.
Itomllda, Dlsmo. Richard. Elvira and Eler.a
Denecr! and Mrs. S. Ferrante. a native cf
Pan Francisco, asrecl !!> years. A member of
Marshall Parlor No. 202. N. S. O. W.. and
Oolden Star Grove, t)ruids.
CCTTamily sen-Ices and Interment private.
DAFT— In Manila. P. I.. September 12. 1900.
Thomas Leo r>aft (late private of Company
I>. Fourth United States Cavalry), beloved
son of Leo Daft of London. England, a na-
tive of New York, aeed 23 years.
Nency Buloth (nee Cavasnaro). a native of
Italy, aeed 34 years 4 months and » day*.
C3*Friends and acquaintances ar«s respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Valente. Marinl 4- Co.. lint Stock-
ton street. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
CORDES— In Alameda. March 2. 1901. Hermann
Cordes. husband of the late Rebecca Cordes.
nnd father cf J. J. E.. Ellse and Louis
. Cordes. a native of Hanover. Germany, ased
74 years. ¦ .
-iti:*:. r:sT»Ti: — citv — koh «\i.k. I
£lI.\INWAI.l<. Dl'CKBEi: & CO.. i
. ¦ REAL ESTATE AGENTS. |
2:'-r?> Montsotacty ft.. Mills bulldlne- j
'TM.tKG— 3 fn!5. Futter s«.. r.^ar VTetatw; rents j
'for >K : :i: lot ?7:»<xl37:G feet; firw investment.
BfXtt— Valencia .-.t.. near l«<t 5Cx '
jrA *r»t to tw«T.ty-foot Ftr«*U In rear: t o rn;s. j
fSM*<» cish. LaiauiV' en bank mortgage at 6 per ;
ccirt.'
14109— -l/nt ff.. corner Washington ana Lyon
Kt» : «-eortieir 5f:lxl00:l ft.: very chcai'.
TSC.V— I"!iri<3n *t.. near Tw*aty»fifUt : '"t 27x j
j(¥i f,ct. r ith lniiF" of ? flats: r<»r.ts til r.0. you
« irr. nay KJOf i-asli. balanre in monthly pay-
rr»ritf= cf J'G^i or less if deylred.
BSfr-Lot a'',.l ini'^.t Berth line cf Wafh'.r.s-
V>n r\\. n^ar L"avenv.orth: sold to close e«tatf.
We hav«. a number of vry <'h?:c<» PresldUl |
Ii« iRhts I'-ts triili marine rfew. which we an',
authorised to .«rli at roasonal>:e pric<v; g«"l- I'*- 1 !
rt o'fi.-e. • „
l*cffi— Pjcific ave.. near ri^rr» rt.: Wx1T«:m4 I
feet'; beautiful rertdetiee lot: b~st portion of th « > I
svn-jf;' rrloe j»<1i!c«h! to make quick eale.
ftfre— Corner "ink aid Ila'.t-r :<ts. ; 23k»S:M£: |
facirp Pf.rk Panhandle.
• sr.::C'-Nlr..th «t.; near I!ryant; lot feet; .
chrnr- . .. . i
• rULJMV— Ub«rtr »=t.. near Gnerrwo: the Noi> (
Ki'I «f the Mlf.«;<-n; lo* S.\\114: re»Wence cr 11
rcrrrs ani lath.
«rar>— West lire Church St.. couth rf Trvrnty-
ietttitb: rnttnge «.f ". room* and bath; rent? for
El*: m"<3orri: lot tr.'.xiro: a rsrcain.
s:f.ocr.— Hedured from ?:>S.(VY.: north *id<» &»*> j
ratnesto *-t., near Vj'.n SnfF avr.: flr.e resi-
dence: larse lot, f.S:<>\'i:7:*>V
(IS58— Price' rvdaced from *3S0: m.-d»rn cot-
•«ce on <v<-ond ave.. near l'oln' Ivilvis : t ror.ms j
3 M bath: lot SxISO: or .Vxir" for tClZC.
t«y ¦<¦*_ Three modem f-atn; Ja<-kfin St.. r.«»ar
Rro6er!ck; rents ITS DC: for sale at less than
COft. *
$"'.".(— Mar!n» view: corner of Va'.lejj rt.. r*ar
j^ r .« : n.-fi front: Improvement* rent fnr |3t. I
. «i;.nv> — N'U". cor. Pace «nd Lyon Ft*. : modern i
reddenre; 12. rtorai and 2 b&tha; furnace; ; bed-
rrv>m»': l"t 32:6x95.
r^LSOO— California ar.'l Octavia stf.; PE. cot.:
C^e repfdenr-e • lot: building ncv.- on lei to be
remove.!'; fir.* CS:r-xl*-C.
St?Yi_nr-<V.i<-M livrn J9CC0; elepant PreFldio
Htiphtf residence, with I bedrooms: first floor j
haa hard wood' floors throughout: finished base- i
mrnt with 'uraaw. etc.; lot S4:4-ixi:7:SH : f.r.e !
marine v!e-n-. -
«7W — Yerr rr<»ttr hrme rn Aabbnry Height? |
rf 9 rnosia aad bath: completely Innstehed; lot j
'.'x:«3. to rear street. !
PHAtKXTALO. r.T'CKTIKE ft C<"> , j
• ;iS-::o Montgomery ft.. Mill* br.'.lding.
IIBAL ESTATE — lOlXTKV — For *nle |
ATTENTION. UO2U3SlUv.ltE.RS !
AN INSTALLMENT JPROPOSITIOX.
T\» ar» BabdlrtdlBrthe Banner rabdMdao of
.v,-. celebrated Wolfskin crant nftar Winters. }
Yo'.o County r Ihe earli-^t fruit anJ vegetable ¦
lani in the State. anJ I* now offered '.o licine j
Fpfkery In lots of C> acres cn.l ui.wnrd at J7J |
per a<re; ore-third <-o«h, balance long time if j
<1e«<rei at 6 por cent net; this !s the choU-f cf
the Woif?Kl!l prart and If adapted to fruit, j
th- Ftat-: there is notblXIS better either t.r |
quality f 'f wll or desirability of location. For
fall ps-riTiIar? call or adJtffs
DAVIH nVPH-Jfc SON. 19 Mcntcoraery St..
Or YT. H. GREGOItY. Winters. Yolo Co.. Cal.
MONTEREY COT'NTY .APPLE ORCHARD.
1^7 a<"res r."ar Wat?o«vir.e: «?? apricot*. 1293
upples; family orchard; 23 acros used for grain
*rA hay: rrwk runs thrvuFh p'are: hou«*. «X 1
r*>om*: double bam. shed. etr. : 2 poultry houses;
jonn tray*. i'"0 boxes and 3 pu'.phur houses; price
F9006: easy terms If desired. "
Cr!I en us If you want bargains In country
lai is.
DAVID BrFIT & SON. 14 Post el.
IIKAtXJVARTKKS
Of the Tcurlyt Free Information Bureau.
K. C. PECK, Manager.
A CHAN'CK OF A LIFETIME ',
I* T".o^y otiered persons of limited m£2r»s to I
nMatn"M arr»f or more or choice, level sa^fn
and orchard land, located r.ear Vacavil'.e, $•!>- I
. lano County, the celebrated early fruit set - J
' tion of California, at the low nr!ce o f $30 to |
CM ret ncrr. accordinc to location; terms to I
«»:it: title rwrfeot. This land will raise all j
kind* ot garden truck an<l early fruits. For
maps nr.'i r'rcif.ars call r.r write CallTornta j
Farm Land Association, C16 Hearst building, t
. Fan Franrlrco.
Fni'IT and ytock ranches wanted: send price. I
¦ 'etc. : have b'jyer«. cash cr exchange; Oak- I
land realty. SALSBURY. 453 T-th st.. Oakland. I
FAN JOSE lot IStacSM; clear: (3006: trade for I
Alameda founty or farm property. SALS- !
BUBT. 4:.9 Ninth ft.. Oakland.
EHASTA County lands; rale or tra^.e; 4M |
¦an, tWY.'-. 640. 140. 4«.\ S2i\ W. SO. SO and'
*'< aore*: all clear. PALSlil'RY. 4j3 Ninth
«.. Oakland.
FARMING and other rropertr In various parts
of California for ?ale. CatRlcrue on apniica-
tUrn to . BALFOCR, GUTHRIE & CO..
!*.€ Califcrnia St.. S«n Francisco.
r'"»n fale— A beautiful home cf II aci-es. About
h»!f In bearing fruit trees: modern house of |
T roorr.F: windmill and tankhouse. barn and |
ohioke.n-houses. etc.; nbout 300 chickens, j
horse end carriage, tools, etc.. Included: aj
pood incrme on the place; owner goir.R to the
old country: price 44^'fi; term* to *uit. Call j
r-r address MRS. L. JACOESEX. Livermore.
J^ ; -I
tl<~p— Z', .ACRKS I-ake Co.; l'i miles frcm town; 1
r-room house, barn: 3 acres bearing orchard: j
rurniriir water. J300— l€«l acres Lake Co. : |
. house, ham: ¦»"><> fruit trees: 30 acres level; j
fiol ind!<niions of oil on th!s land. C. F.
MOORE, 9?j Market st.. room 6.
BOXOMA *'our.ty; lerirable hotel rroperty; 33 |
room. st< res. etc. : iiiust be sol J to close an !
••etaf, Arp'-y WATMAX, room 7C, Chroaltle j
riuilding. ' I
M. GRIFFIN*. Tl> Market st.. near Call bldg.. i
hcs. nrir.ted lifts farms in Sonoma, Shasta.
• ; Far/ta <:iara. Santa Cruz and other counties.
AN unprecedented cuTiRre: 7S-room brick hotel
nnd furntiure; doln* immense ftrst-cla^s (S2
a <1«y) tathwn: cost and worth JMJ.OOO; of-
• fcred for $16,100; !ias rented for J400; now
n;n by owner.'
N. I". EICKrL?. ?he I^and Agrent. « Geary st. :
tny>— S ACRES; on j'-'-ouat cf departure: Im-
proved; ht.u«:r cf i rorms: 1 hour's ride from
city;. 1-3 cx!i=ri. balance on terms. Apply to
.»ner. II. n. F. DOHRMAN. Stege. Contra
Cofta founty.
VHCETABO zr.il hom-»; iarm in Ltvermore Val-
.'• ley; yplpndid property, everything complete;
wir.er> - and coo;>eraj;e; In fu'.l bearing. For
. full particulars call ca ALEERT E. CRANE.
' CfS California mf-.
Grange land.
1!!C acres in .Tul3r» county. ]! miles from
rvrterville. partly f.-ncrd; 6-room house.
.'. acre*". In L>-k An^elf».Co.. near Pasadena.
¦ TV • A, JAMES, owner, care Smiths' Cash
ftcre.-
• ONF of the homes In Palo Alto offere-l
for rale at a sacrifice : nothing has been
spared to beautify the place: it must be seen
to be appreciated. Address Postoffice box _\
Palo Alto.
HAROAINS in etock. vineyards, fruit and
ohlrken ranches. ANDREW PRICE -SO Kear-
ny Kt.-.*r<>oni «>.
WANTED- To rent cr buy chicken ranrh. five
i.'» flT«.g or mere, with building*. JAS. J.
SEXTOS'. 222AStevf Aon St.. S. F.
WANTED on shares or will lease, small ranch
within 7j miles of San Francisco. Box 2060.
rail office. • ,
WHITE J. W.HORN. RS Main. Petaluma. for
free ropy of ponomi Co. real estate- bargains.
A "WEEK'S news for J rents— The Weekly Call.
' ' Ifi rafw,. in wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
SAX ItAFAEI. REAL ESTATE.
FOR .Fale r.r Excfcanje— a new. modern re«l-
rieaoe r,n Hfth ave.; 9 rooms and bath; nice
«rqur.<Jf: ttslile for i horses: terms easy. Ad-
«l--eV!i i». TROY, owner, 41s California, et..
?»n Fran^'sco.
SI III IinA\ UI2AL KSTATE.
PAN RAFAEL property to lease: eJegant
houre; bani; beautiful jrroundp; woods. For
rsrtlculars address box 50j6, Call offlce.
ItKALTV TO KXCIIA.\GE.
UARION OUIFFIN.
T".? Maihrt, near ('til Mdc Tel Black 1S0S.
t have a lens list of city and country prop,
eriy for rale- and exchange. Please call.
ItKAL KSTATK WA.MEU.
BAKCR wanted in Nana. Sonoma or Marin
< v» . ubouf -V) acres rir more, with good house
wn<1 o; chard. Dcx £071. Call.-
AUMFJA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMBDA nEAL ESTATK.
r.AROAINf? for Investor*.
. ' )!artrjiir.fs for homefotkers.
Hor-es built on terms to i«!t.
; Exchange for Pan Francisco property, cot-
rajre^S Ratr) of 10 rooms; lot iirl23; half block
'from Ftatlon.
• Arr'v to G. It. DENKE. West Alameda
r»a! Estate Ofllce. \Veb»ter at. and. Cen-
tral ave.- .
WANTED— A modem hpuse cf 10 or 12 rooms
. In Ean Francisco, north of California 61.;
fwt to exceed In value $12,000: will slve la
rart payment a fine modern borne of 10 roo:ns
i<»cated Jn the begt residence section of Aia-
. riela; v«2ue t»W>, balance in cash. Address
Obzit. box 2035. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS, j
. OAKI.AMi IJKAL KST : v ™; ___
A CHOICE LIST! NEW BARGAINS!
t^.COO— Fine corner, brick block; choicely sit-
uated; under leafe; finejluture.
j::..C'CO— Fine businets. property: rent* ?2C0O per
ennum: in bert town In'Alameda County.
flS.CCO— Great sacrifice: magnificent home;
constructed In 1S91: cost ?27.C0O; make offer. .
$8^00— Worth J12.rCfi: handsome. resilience; ex-
quisite grounds; central; formerly mortgaged
$7<«i; sacrifice. • • .'¦
$0CCO— Albion st.. r.»ar Telegraph ; fine 9-room
home: 5Cxl40; ret 1 , owner $C:*0.
fcHwO— Offer considered; especially constructed
9-room house; 40x1*0; ?7th and Telegraph.
f-6r.O — Year old 2-story. 8 rooms: every ap-
pointment: barn 10x140; near Grove and Thlrty-
tHth st?. ; snap.
'Jf2:>ii— Rents XT.C l'> month: r.nc modern flats ot
7 nnd S rooms: residence nelphlwrhocd. '
S acrrs. Piedmont, one-ihhd value; t.wOO;
worth S12.CfO; opportunity censen this week.
Five ncrrs. Klmhurst: we are authorized to
racriflc" at any rea?onabl«» offer. Ihii? week,
J2100— Frultvale a ve. ; residence, 19 rooms, cor-
ner; 141x229; Fnlendld bargain.
I5C0O— Excellent roadside investment: r»nts $G3
rr.O.: 2 store bides.: flat, stable; lot l')Cx!50.
An S-room new re!=!<l<*nce. nr. Brcartway and
Hth; inciimbrance S2750; price JSS50; offer
wanted.
J22:.0— Foreclosure map: choicest cross street
nr. Tclesrrapli; 7-rnj. ontt.ie"; elegant lot MxlW.
J3C00— Fix blocks. ICth and Broadway: 9-room
modern home; cost own»r 14^00.
K5C0— Ptcre. 2 rooms: flat. 5 rooms?; r?nts |25;
fim-class order; 2 blocks cf our office.
J250 caFh— Rank sale *:4nO; modern; foreclos-
ure; epitasf 6 rooms: Adeline station; see this.
HS-VV— Adeline ptatlon: 5-room cottage. 3 years
old: ccst more: 15x127; quick sale wanted.
$1450— Hank mtg. $1203; new Dutch Colonial. 4
rooms; porcelain bath, mantel; ?,Z<\ St.: snap.
$750— Think! A home near Grove St.: pood cot-
tajje, 4 rrr. bath, windmill; 50x100: bltr bargain.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTAVE CO..
4*60-462 Eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
J3;;0— FlXn rosldem-e sacrificed: 7 rooms, nil
modern; lot 37'.<.xlI5 feet: choice central lo-
cation; owner away: forced sale oh account
of mortgage. AUSTIN ft CO.. Exclusive
Apents. IOCS Broadway, Oakland. '
$1250— EASTLAKE cottaee of 5 rooms, bath, hall,
bay-window, hich basement and brick foun-
dation; clone to San Pablo ave.; rents for 512
per month; a big bargain; look Into this at
once. AUSTIN & CO., Exclusive Agents, 100S
Broadway. Oakland.
J22S0 — NKARLY new colonial style 6-roomed
cottage, with every modprn improvement;
handy to local; choice location; electric cars
In frcnt: central and very desirable; would
sell on monthly paym»nts> or rent to respon-
sihle parties. AL'STIN & CO.. Exclusive
Agents. IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
$2C00— INCOME property; pair of flats on main
street; handy to two local stations; electric
line ripht In front; 5 rooms and bath In
each flat and cozy cottage of 5 rooms In rear;
would bring $37 per month rental steadily:
owner anxious to move away; see this at
once: chance to net a blfr bargain. AUSTIN
S: CO.. Exclusive Agents. 1008 Broadway,
Oakland.
52O,0CO-SPLENDID n»w brick building; 40x100
feet: a corner; stores and hall; furnished
nioFt complete; oil Just rented; a great bar-
gain.
S12.CC0 — Lot 73x100; northeast corner Ninth
nnd Clhy sts. D. F. McDONALD & CO..
478 Tenth st.
OIL land; perfect deeded title; $25 per acre;
rljBrht In midst of wells: Kern River and Mc-
Klttrlck districts. See C. K. KING, 9S2
Broadway, Oakland.
CCO ACRES: elegant ranch: Contra Costa Co.:
oil Indications on it; sale or trade. C. K.
KINO. S32 Broadway. Oakland.
OFFEK wanted, 176o Union st. 5 rooms and
barn. Owner, 1C8 Fourth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND IIOISES TO LET.
$20 PER month— Modern cottage; handy to lo-
cal: electric cars In front; choice location
and central: Just vacated.
$12 per month — Newly papered; 7 rooms:
nice location; sunny side cf the street.
AUSTIN &¦ CO., The House Renters, IOCS
liroadway, Oakland.
F-HOOM up-to-date modern house; 24th ave..
Katt Oakland. Key nt 1366 24th ave. or 9i2
liroadway. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent— JS 50 and upward per month: cot-
tages and stores, with large lots; convenient
to cars. R. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3. «h
floor. Mills bldg., S. F.. cr 467 Ninth St..
Oakland.
OAKLAMJ FUUMTOHB KIR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
KOO.11S FOIt IIOOSKKEEPIXO.
CALIFORNIA. 3C31— Three sunny rooms, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; no children.
CLEMENTINA. 337—2 well furnished rooms for
housekeeping; no other roomers; adults; $10.
CO— 2 furnished housekeeping rpoms
and others: bath. cas. phone.
r'.I.LIS. 621 — 3 moms, newly furnished, house-
keeping. $20; also 2 rooms, $13 50; sunny.
ELLIS, S06. near Van Ness— Sunny furnished
floor of 4 large room?: references; $30.
GLEN PARK ave.. 6. off 12th. near Mission— 3
unfurnished clean sunny rooms; 3 closets.
HOWARD. 761'/i— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
kitchen, man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 10€3H— I sunny completely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
HOWARD. 1703— Nicely furnished, bay-window,
bulted for light housekp*. ; also single rooms.
LARKIN. S04 — Two sunny back housekeeping
rooms, furnished or partly: $11.
MCALLISTER, 3S1— Upper part house, 3 rooms
«nd alcove, unfurnished, $20: no children.
MINNA. 28— Nice sunny furnished front house-
keeping and single rooms; very cheap.
NOE. 153, near Market— 2 Eunny bay-window
rooms; folding bed. gas stove, grate; $14.
OAK. 119 — Sunny parlors furnished for house-
keeping; large closet; range; storage; $14.
PINE, U2S— 3 furnished rooms for 'housekeep-
ing; also slngje room.
POWELL. <lH9i — Twa unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
SIXTH. 13C— Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing: also room for gentleman.
STOCKTON. 607— Elegantly furnished floor ot
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
SUTTER, 42$— 3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.
TURK. 332—1 large housekeeping room; 1 sunny
frcnt room for 2 genilemen or dressmaker.
VALENCIA, 1232—1. 2 or 3 sunny rooms, fur-
nished housekeeping: gas, bath; near depot.
KOOMS TO LET rnrp. nml Unfnrn.
ARGYLE. The (Just finished). McAllister st.,
opp. City Hall Park-Sslect parties with ref-
erences are respectfully Invited to Inspect
above premises; sunny suites, with or with-
out baths; also single rooms; electric light;
elevator all night; steam heated: finest read-
ing-room In the city on lower floor; liveried
cRllboys" In attendance; every room tasty and
elegantly furnished; moderate prices; rooms
shown In the evening. ',
rooms! rooms. rooms.
Parties having furnished or unfurnished
rooms, apartments, flats, houses or business
property to rent, please list with us; we have
the most perfect facilities In the city for so-
curing high-grade and desirable tenants.
ELDFR Rental Information Bureau, 22 Kear-
ny St.. first floor.; tel. Red 2331.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms: modern conveniences;
rooms 60c up; first-class meals 23c; free coach.
A— ROUINSON. 1049 A Market— New manage-
ment; flr.e furnlnhed rooms, en suite or sin-
gle; transient or permanent; elevator service.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per ntgut; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 905A— Large front room furnished;
suitable forgone or two gentlemen; bath; tel-
ephone; private house.
EDDY. 613— Front bay-window euite; rurnished
or unfurnished; also two handsomely fur-
nished rooms, single; terms moderate.
ELLIS, 571.— Nicely furnished rooms; board op-
tional; mcd. imp.: French fam.; ref. ; phone.
ESSEX pi.. 1. bet. Folsom and Harrison, Rin-
con Hill— Furnished room; hath; hot and cold
water.
FIFTH. 119, flat 2— Front sunny bay-window
room and housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM. 7S7 A— Nicely furnished rooms; bath.
FOLSOM. 834— $1 a week; large sunny furnished
room, closet, bath; private; call Monday.
FULTON. 525 — Large furnished double room;
bath; suitable for two.
GEARY. 693, corner Jones— Nicely furnished
bay-window suite; also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1050— Well furnished
eunny room; free telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladies': parlor; reading-room; elevator.
Rug Sale
On our 2d floor to-morrow we will rm-e a special sale,
of Smyrna and Oriental Jute Wilton Rugs, at one-quarter under
the regular prices, all are in perfect condition, most are Antique
.with colorings and patterns rare and beautiful.
To-morrow's Prices:
Earliest comers have the icidest choice, our advice— be. prompt.
Jute Wilton Rugs in Oriental designs, size 27x54, with
heavy binding on both ends, that sold for $1.50 will be sold
to-morrow at £> 1 . 1 each.
Jute Wilton Rugs in Oriental patterns, size 27x56,
thoroughly well made with fringe on both ends, that sold tor
$1.50, will be sold to-morrow at $1.15 each.
There are about 200 reversible Smyrna Wool Rugs in
pretty colors, size 30x60, with both ends fringed, that sold for
$2.25, these we are going to offer to-morow at 1 . j each.
We have a large collection of the finest Imperial Bigelow,
Axminster, and Tapestry Brussels Rugs, in a great variety of
sizes, each a master piece of color harmony, which we are*
offering at moderate cost.
You will find many more items of interest other than- those
announced here, if you shop at our store next week. • .
129 Kearny Street
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Its application for a Judgment
of dissolution. Notice. — No. 73.307, Dept. 13.
Notice Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corpoiatlon organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having it* offlce and
place of business in the city and county of
Pan Francisco, State of California, has "filed
Its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of Us board of directors, addressed
tn the Superior Court of the city and county
nt San Francisco, State of California pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: and that Mnrday. March 2jth
1901, at 30 o'clock a. m.. Si the courtroom of
paid court. Department No. 10.' In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of said application"
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Bu-
l perlor Court, this 20th day of February. IDOt
(Seall WM. A. DEAN'E. Clerk.
By E: M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1311. TVM. A.DE\NK
Clerk, by K. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk'
IN the Superior Court f.f the City and County
of Snn Francisco, State of California— In th»
matter of the estate of THOMAS M. CLUFt\
deceasejJ. ProbrUe No. 22.SG!», Department 10*
Notice for publication of time appointed of
hearlnp petition for appointment of trustee
<\ C. P. 17C2.— Notlca Is hereby given that
I Friday, the 8th day of March. A. D. 1901. at
j 10 o'clock a. m. of that day and the court-
I room of Department No. 10 of nald court, at
the New City Hall, In the City and County
of Ean Francisco. State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
hearing the petition of MARGARET V.
CLUFF for the appointment of WILLIAM
CLUFF as. pole trustee for ALFRED
"THOMAS CLUFF Ca minor) under the last
will of laid deceased.
WM. A. DEANE. Cleric.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Indorsed: Filed February 25, 1901. WM. A.
DEANE, Clerk: by V. . F. NORTHROP.
Deputy Clerk.
JOHN H. DICKINSON, attorney for execu-
tors. room 25. third fl< or. Mills building.
SKWITC MACH1XKS AND SU1»1*1,IES.
ALL kinds bought, sold end repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambock, W13 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented^ exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. 203 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 115 6th: phone Mint S.
SHOW CAHDS AND POSTERS
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MOXD. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom ImX
STORAGE AXI) V/APKHOCSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5T15. .
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
lilon St.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storge Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
*rmissEs. __^,
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supportei g made, repaired. Menge. 503 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS" A\D SUPPLIES.
•SREATniXRGAINS IN^TYPEWrTtER^&^Ws
sell better machines for. less money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 2S«.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
.DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 25 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the offlce
of the company, 317 Market St., on and after
Monday, March 11, 1901. Transfer books clcs?d
Saturday, March 2, 1M1. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany icon.)— A dividend. No. 27. of seventy-
flve cents (T5c) per Fhare on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the offlce- of the company. 4S0
California St.. San Francisco, on March 11.
1901. Transfer books close March 4, 1901. at
noon. JULIAN" SONNTAG. secretary pro tern.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William J. Howell. 23. 439 Minna street, and
Alice M. Searey. 20. 1312 Mission street.
Joseph Allen, 21. Potrero. and Annie Me-
Keever. 15, 42 Perry street.
William Arlington, 41, Cotatl, Cal.. and Ella
L. de Came 3S, -Oakland.
John A. Mills. 24. Oakland, and Katie E.
Smith, 19, Woodland.
John Johnson, 32, Benicla, and Lena N.
Johnson, 27, city.
Frederick J. Bonlfield. 28, 155 Linden avenue,
and Anna Butzke, 23. 161 Linden avenue.
Chan Yak. 34. Oregon City. Or., and Don
Tsol Ye. 20. 916 Washington street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by-
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BEDBURT-In this city. February 9. 1901. to
the wife of J. H. Bedbury, a daughter.
CASE— February 24. 1901. to the wire of Har-
land P. Case of Oakland, a son.
FI'RNANZ— In this city. February IS. 1901. to
the wife of Joseph M. Furnanz. a daughter.
LATELLE— In thU city. March 2. 1901, to the
wife of John Latelle. a son.
McDONALD— Ii< this city. February 22. 1901. to
the wife of Patrick M. McDonald, a daugh-
ter.
McKElRNAN— In this city. February 20. 1901.
to the wife of H. P. McKelrnan. a daughter.
McLEAN— In Vallejo. February 23. 1&01, to the
wife of William McLean, a son.
PARKFR— In Berkeley. February 27. 1901. to
the wife of George E. Parker, a daughter.
POTTER — In South San Francisco. February
28. 1901, to the wife of A. V. Potter, a daugh-
ter.
RIELtiT— In this city.- February 25. 1901, to
the wife of James Rle-lly, a daughter.
RILEY— In this city. February 27. 190L to the
wife of John F. Rlley. a daughter.
THOMPSON— In this city. February 23. 1901. to
the wife of William Thompson, a daughter.
________ -
ADAMS— BICKEL— In this city. March 2. 1901.
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Frederick A.
Adams and Thekla W. Bickel.
BRUEHI— ¦ BOESEX— In this city. February 24.
1<H)1. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Charles
Christian Bruehl of Oakland. Cal.. and Marie
Boesen of San Francisco.
GHABAU-tTHEES— In this city. February 23.
1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Fred W.
Grabau and Anna Wllhelmlne Sophie Thees.
SCHLAGL — PETERSEN-STACKE — In this
city. February 21, 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuen-
dellng. Adolph J. Schlagl and Delia Peter-
sen-Stacke.
VIELHAUER — KRAUSHAAR— In this city.
February 23. 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng.
¦William VIelhauer and Catharine Kraus-
haar.
~~~~ DIED. — —
Barbour. Thomas McCredie. Samuel
Barrett. Mary A. McDonald. Winnie H.
Cavagnaro, John L. Mclntyre, Raloh
Cordes. Hermann McNally, Annie M.
*Daft. Thomas L. Morejau. Pierre
Denegrt. Andrew Nlemeyer. Herman C.
Doherty. Philip A. O'Brien. William. P.
Fairbanks, Robert Q. O*Lear". Timothy
Fitzgerald, Richard Page. Gusta E. L.
Georre. J. Reed. Grade A.
HIghtower. Helen Sawyer. Milton O.
Johnson. John C. Pchu. Nellie
Kearney.' John P. Soper, Chas H. A.
Kote. Paul Veatch. Georcn W.'
Laughtz. John Ward. Zlllah M.
Lott. William S. Wendt. Bernard ¦
Luhrsen. John D. Witt. Albert D.
BAREOUR— At Sydney Mines, February 2$.
1901, Thomas Barbour, husband of the late
Alice Barbour, and father of Thomas .1.
Barbr.ur. Mrs. Frank C. Howe and Mrs. Au-
¦ gustus D. Francis, aged 79 years. „
BARRETT— In this city, February 2S. 1901.
Mary Ann Barrett, beloved wife of William
Barrett, and sister of William F. Dasha and
Mrs. J. Ward, a native of Vermont, aged 43
i years.
IC7Frlends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, EG4 Howard street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
CAVAQNARO— In this city March 2. 1901.
John L., dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan tt Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
fTJJCERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
¦ 10 Firth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and 23 Fifth »t. TeL South 187.
lUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALHEIU.
| Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CREMATION^
Odd Fellows' Cemstery Association
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
The charge for cremation to church members
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their famllle* u
$30. All others |35. Expensive coffins and or-
naments are seldom used. A niche in the Co-
lurobarlan Is a monument and saves the cost
of a lot and Us cart and stone work. Send for
circular.
'¦£; GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Marth 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
C093 barrels; exports. 10,783 barrels. Inactive
but steady at unchanged prices. Minnesota
patents, $1*54 50; Minnesota bakers', $3(23 73:
winter patents, $3 05^4; winter straights, $3 45
®3 50; winter extras, J2 50@2 85; T/lnter low
grades, %2 io<Q2 60.
-. WHEAT— Receipts, 64,800 bushels; exports,
31.6S9 bushels. Spot dull but firm; No. 2 red,
SOUc f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 78?4c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, S7«4c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1- hard Duluth, 91',ic f. -^. b. afloat. Op
tions opened easier under weak and disappoint
ing cables with trade exceptionally dull and
entirely local. ¦ Decline of about Me was fol
lowed early by a partial reaction on covering
on export demand, closed ; net . unchanged.
March, 78 13-lG(g79c; closed, 7?c; May,' 79 7-16®
7B^c; closed, 79%c; July, 78 13-J6@79&c; closed,
7914 c. '
HOPS— Quiet; State/common to choice, 190C
crop, 17©20c; 1893, ll@10c; old olds, 2<g6c; Pa
; ciflc Coast, 1300 crop, 17@19c; 18S>9, ll^iac; old
olds, 2®Cc.
HIDKS— Steady; California. 21@25 lbs, 19c.
AVOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 24©28c: Texas
13@17c.
OOFFEE— Futures closed steady, with prices
10@20 points net higher. Total sales, 25,200
bags,' including: March. 6.30c: April, -6.33c;
May. 6.43©6.&0c; June, 6.50c; July, 6.33©6.5Cc;'
November, 6.65c; December, 6.70c. ' Spot cof
fee—Rio. firm; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, steady but quiet: fair refin
ing, 5 ll-16c; centrifugal, 66 test, 4 3-16c; mo
lasses sugar, 3 7-16c; refined, steady; standard
A, 5.30c; confectioners 1 A, 6.30c; ¦-' mold c A,
6.85c; cut loaf, 6.00c; crushed, C. 00c; powdered,
5.60c; granulated, 6.M6; cubes, 5.73c- '
• BUTTER— Receipts,* 3551 packages. Weak;
fresh creamery, 21© 23c; June creamery,* 18@20c;
factory. 11&>15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5332 packages; easier; West
irn at mark, 15HO15%c; Southern at mark,
I5gi3y 4 c. •. ¦-;.:¦ • • ¦
DRIED FRUIT.
The market for . evaporated" apples '. ruled
• quiet but steady at nominally unchanged
Wheat and Other Grains.
: WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were lower.
New York stood about' the same. .'
Chicago opened dull, but no lower. ".' There
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange,, sight . — 4 ggi4
Sterling Cables — 4 89^
New York Exchange, sight — 17^
New York Exchange, telegraphio — 22ft
Silver, per ounce ......: ...... — . .• 61
Mexican Dollars, , nominal SO. O .61
Exchange and Bullion.
...Nczi< York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 2.— p«^:ings were rather
unimportant in the ' etock ; market to-day,
neither th* volume of transactlone nor th«
range of prices ofTpring any striking feature*.
The bank Ftatrm^nt -bore otit;th* inde* of the
nionty market for the past week rather than
the- indicated cash chang.es. ?io intelligible
•explanation can be offered of the fact that th»
knewn mwements of money -showed a loss of
over '$2,000,000 .for -the week," while the bank
. rtatement disclosed an actual Increase in cash
¦ reserves.-' of over a 'million dollars. As there
"was (om» sellfng of" etock's by tradera-yesterr
day on the supposition' that .a decline in fur'r
plus'- reserves would • be reported, the publica
tion of the ftdtement brought a demand from
th!» e<>urce t<j cover Ehort contracts. Prices
ran off apaln Jn some ca*es and the closing
waa irregular jn-tone. Nrt changes are mixed.
The. day's market Ber\<?d to corroborate the
view that trading has been' relegated largely
'to tjbe hands of boardroom traders.
gagcr was inclined to be heavy, but recov
ered -the most of Its loss. ¦ There were ad
vances in nom«' of the less Important stocks
aed eonve strength !n individual railroad stocks
*>n- report* of good earnings. -.
Events" of the week In the stock market
•hteEcd on the-, consolidation of the eteel com
rlanl«-s ' The i-tock market world has not con
ci-rn*<i'-itsolf e'o much at the larger bearings of
this vast -project M'to the uJtlmate effects on
the lnm trade oftie world, the increase In effi
ciency of control and direction, maintenance
cf *taMs condlUons and such like problems.
Operators -In stocks have been- almost wholly
taktn up -«rith the question of relative values
of. tlie different Steel stocjes, measured by
their allotted j-lgbts to partrcipate la the se
curities of the corporation by' exchange. There
v.cM wild speculation In tb« etcel stocks on
Monday when the conviction was general in
etreft that the basis of exchange had
ber'n settled" during the prc\-lous three days'
Interval of a closed market. The ratlurt t&
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
CALL .CALENDAR.
March, 1001
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J H Haesen, • Vallelo C H Hallowell, Ca!
A Kemper & w, Ch*o J G Baker, L Bale*
J Shepbard. Chicago G E Sainmon. Prtland
E L - Holllngshead. Cal J Dalley, Portland
A C Watson. NY" J Crawford. Chicago
J Brady, NT J Sullivan. Cal
P R Poore, N Orleans X Butt. Cal
J Verncene. N Orleans ;P Ebelingr. C S N
W Nutchel). N Orlna Ij E Harton, U S N
G A' Musson. Cal |C Sprague. Fortune
A Morris, Vallejo ID Whitlow, Fortune
GRAND HOTEL,
Mrs'H 6 Boryer. Sac. Mrs J C Barren. N T
H H Hunter, Melrose A E Brown. N T ;
J T Harmes, Sausallto i O E Ide. V S N
A R Orr. VUalla H T Smythe. Cal
C A Ross. S Antonfo M Warner, Cal
F Knight, Cal J Gardiner. Cai
H E Adams. Stockton |F C Innes. Cal
1. Cross. Stkton D Wilson, Vancouvwi*
T T- Graham, Sacto W B Norment. Rchmd
O Scrlbner, Vlsalia A M Kahn, Los Ang
S Dunovan & w. Cal IC Dnnphy. MUIbrae
Miss C Dunoran", Cal |Mr» r> V Scott. Chgo
Mrs G T Bradley. Colo C K Van Oedel. Chgo
M J Grammont. Ctgo A J Richards & w. C»J
G H Kelly. Oregon J W Jewel, Vlsalia
E E Ellsworth. Oregon K M Roy. Berkeley
Mrs H I Vail. Portland Mrs A M Reed. Vkiah
Ml«! M Beall. Portld IW V McCoy. Cal
A G Wilson. Vlsalia |E H Scott. Chicago
W H Hammond & w,;J Bender. Ohio
Vlsalia |J Arnett. Cal
C M Stow. Stanford • |W H Savoy * w, Cal
I, E Doan. Bkrsfleld J W Edwards, Stanfd
I> H Clark. Chicago [F T Butler. Toronto
C Cappel, PittsburK |J B Black. Australia
A L Mayer, Cleveland F B Coe. Portland
H L Percy. Los Ans C A Rosa. Texas
M J Montleth. Chgo F T Linden berger, D«-
DrCE Reed & w. Cal trolt, .
G II Bragg. S Joee J Wllaon. Cal
Mrs L W Helntzelman. J A Sherman. Berkeley
Sacto ¦ B A Fenton. Berkeley
T O Watson, Berkeley
PALACE IIOTEI*
T Johnson Jr. S Rafael ES Capm&n. Mass
J P Treanor. Fruitxale C A Movers. Lawrno*
A It Levlnsky. Stkton C C Boy tan. N T
Mrs C M Wheeler, Cal F McMulIan. N T
E M WalUc*. Cleveld R H Heron, Los Ang
J E Eppi, Cleveland J Eaton. Plttsburg
J Stegkamps, Clevelnd B n Chas«, N Y
F Stolberg, Toledo P Clark. N T
R S Johnston. St Louis E H Wlnshlp & w. Cal
E C Dameraux A feun, W H Hanson St w, Cal
St Louie J McFa*Men. Sta Ana
n H Hammond. Mls» I O Gaffaga-n. X Y
'P Phillips Chicago D O Castle. Stockton
W T Irvln.' Chicago L TV Dickinson. Mich
Mrs J M Marsh, L An Miss L B Brown, N T
J E Reeves & w. Ohio Misa E Johnson. N T
Miss L Reevea. Ohio J Buckley. N Y
Mlsa A Reeves. Ohio C Stevenson. N Y
J F Cnlsholm, Mich H L Harris. Los An*
J S Chlsbolm. Mich C E Thurston. N Y
A J WlleyT Palo Alto J L Jepson. N T
C G Fallla, San Mateo Mrs J L Jepson. f» T
W Winter, Ross Vally P Clark & w. Spokane
L F Graham. S Jose !Mra J F Clark., N T
Mrs CO Purtn. Mo Mrs J R Stuart. N T
H C Reslnger, U S R Miss H WRlce. N J
F W Baker Jr. Bostn J Parkinson. Los Anff
F B Ettlnger, X X T Foulks, Los Ang
E B Co«, Denver E Hicks A w. Ind
"W N McBlrd, Denver J BjMorlan * w. Ch«
8 Hoffman. NY . H S 1 * Basset, Boston
A Stokes. NT O A Just, N* Y
T L Berry. X Y A Gatzett & w, Chgo
A L Brown. NY Dp A F Lawbaugh.
W Davis. Cal Michigan
I W P Herman, Cal W Ii Pedley, Riverside
TJN1TED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.; Bid. Ask.
4s, coupon 114 . HP*: 4a cp (new).. ..133 138U
4s reg 113 113% 3s coupon Ill 112
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 103 — Oak W Co 5s.. — lOO^
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 116^4 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO6»;iO6ii
C C Water 5s..lOSH — OoCIt 6s 123 — '
E L & P 6s. ...123^134 Pac G Imp 4s.. — 1C0H
F & Cl Ry 6S..112H — Pk & Cl R 6».103 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — J'k &. O K 6s.. — —
Haw C 5 1 ,is....l0Stf — Powell-st R 6s.l20 —
Haw C 5s...... 10514 — S E G & R 5s. — 98H
L A R R 5s.. .112 112% S F & SJV 5s.l20>4 —
LALCo6s.:. — — S R of Cal 6s.. 110 —
Do gntd 6s. ». — 104 SPRofA 6s.U2 112*i
Do gntd 5s... 100 — S P C 6a (1905,
L A P R R 5S.1011J102V3 Series A) 110^ —
Markt-st C 6s. — — Do (Series B)110% —
Do 1st o 5S...121V4123 Do (1906). 11SH —
N C N G R 7s. — im* Do (Ifl2) 122% —
N R of Cal 6s. — 114% S P C 1st g 53.106^ —
N R of Cal 6s.l20^ — S P Br R «s...l32 —
N P C R R 5s.l01>4 — 8 V Water Gs.112% —
N P C R R 6s.lO8Vi — S V Water 4s.lO4\i —
N C R R 5s... — 112 Do 3d mtg-..102»4 — '
O G L & II 5s.ll3 — Stkn G & E 6s. 100 —
Oak Tr Co 63.. 11614117
2 WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 6Wi 70 ] Spring Valley. 94% 94%i
Marln County. 52U — '
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent Li A Pi.. 3 3% Pao Lt Co — 44»i
Eqult Gas S 3\i Sac E G & R.. — 40
Mut Elec Lt... — l!i 9 F Q & E... 4S .43=4
O GL & H... 50 — San Francisco. 4% 4»4
Pac Gas Imp.. 44»£ 43 Stktn G & B.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'a Fund. 230 250 J
i. • :• S BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal ' .... 77 — Lon P & A.. ..144 150
Bank of Cal... —.411% Mer Ex (lkt).. U _
Cal Safe Dep.. 103 105*; S F National,.— 125
1st N of S F.. — 812H '
SAVINGS BANKS. • " ; •
German ....... — 1850 Sav & Loan... — * —
Humboldt — — Security ......275 —
Mutual 50 — ' Union Trust.".. — ' —
S F Sar U....513 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Californla-st .. — 140 - O S L & H.... 40 —
G«ary-st 47% — Presidio 24 - 26*4
Market-st 69% —
i POWDER STOCKS.
California ..'.".. — — I Vlgorit I 3%
Giant Con — 84U! •
: - SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana-Plan.... 8?» 8% Kllauea 24 —
Haw Com 85 — Makawell 44 45
Honokaa 33 1 ,i 33',£ Onomea .30" 31
Hutch S P 25% — Paauhau 34% 33
MISCELLANEOUS J STOCKS.
Alaska P A.... — 125 .Oceanic S3 Co 59 60
Cal Fruit Can.— 101 ¦ IPac A F A.... S; — '
Cal- Wine Asn.100 ¦ |Pac C. Bor Co. 153 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 102% — | Parff ralnt Co 12% —
• ¦
SATURDAY, March t-13 m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
All classes of stocks were quiet. The sugar
stocks were firm and the oil stocks generally
steady. Business was quiet, as usual on Sat
urday.
The Alaska Packers* Association will pay Us
eighty-seventh dividend of 75c on the ISth.
The Seg Belcher Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 3c. . ¦ ° *
Sales on the . Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were lll,174ii shares, valued at $S6,324,
the principal sales being as follows; California-
Standard, 22.575 shares; Four, 49C6; Independ
ence, 4700; Lion, 9750; Oil City, 5000; Superior.
2S43; Petroleum Center, 36,322; Monarch, 4370;
Reed, 50CO.
The Geary-street Railroad will pay a divi
dend of 5Cc to-morrow, and Onomea Sogar one
of 23c on Tuesday.
The Interest on the following bonds Is now
payable:
Companies — Coupon. -Total.
Bay Counties Power $2 50 $->6.£S0
Ferries and Cliff House 3 00 19.500
Market Street Railway 3 50 120,42.»
Pacific Gas Improvement... 1 00 12,500
Powell Street Railway: 3 00 21.0CO
Spring Valley Water.; 3 00 143,230
Spring Valley Water ICO 20,000
Stockton Gas .3 00 9,000
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, March 2.— WHEAT— Quiet and
nominally unchanged. . Blue stem, 67Hc; club,
L5c. ¦ -'
f— . . "
PORTLAND, March a.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla sold to-day as high as 58%c for milling
purposes, but for exports the few sales made
were around C5c and 65'£c. February exports
from Portland were over a million bushels.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., March 2.— Clearings, $301,
492; balances, $93,755.
Portland's Business.
CORN- Spot, quiet: American mixed new
3s flVfed; do old, 3s lid. Futures, dull; May, 3s
9d: March, 3s 9V4d; July, Ss 9^d.
FLOtTIt— St. Louis fancy winter, steady.
Ss ed. ' .
HOPS (at London)— Paclflo Coast, steady,
£4 15s. .) ;.„¦:.; ¦'.¦;
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 California, firm, 6a !Ud;
No. 2 red Western, dull. 5s ll»4d: No. 1 North
ern spring, dull, 6s 2%d. Futures, dull; May
us llVid; July. 5s ll%d.
LIVERPOOL. March 2.— WHEAT— Quiet; No
1 Standard California. 6s 2M:d@6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets,, aulet; weather in England,
showery
* COTTON— Uplands, 5 5-32d.
LONDON, March 2.— Consols, J7 7-16. Silver,
2SVsd. French rentes, 102f 25c. Cargoes on pass
age, quieter and hardly any demand; English
country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
j LONDON', March 2.— The wool trade during
the week was quiet. Only a moderate business
was done, as buyers were not eager and hold
ers held firm. The arrivals of 'wool for the sec
ond series of sales amount to 9G.0C5 bales. In
cluding 15,000 forwarded direct- "
London Wool Market.
; NEW TORK, March 2.— The Imports of
specie this week, were $63,413 gold and $131,231
Bilver. The exports of gold and silver from
this port to nil countries for last week aggre
gated $1,291,904 silver bars and coin and $2500
gold.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
to the port of New York for this week wer«
valued at $10,954,867.
Exports and Imports.
NEW TORK, ; March 2.— As usual for a Sat
urday half-holiday the market for metals was
a small one. Practically no outside Interest
was manifested, owing to the absence of ad
vices from abroad and traders showed little
disposition to anticipate the news for Monday.
Quotations were practically unchanged and ran
as follows: Tin, *26 «K<?2S 75; lead. M ZV>i;
spelter, $3 92^g3 97% ; copper, lake. 17c; cast
ing, 16%c; plgiron warrants, $9 60<gl0 &0; North
ern foundry, $15<g1G 50: Southern foundry, %U 50
@13 75, and soft Southern, flZQlS 75.-
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. March 2.— Futures opened un
changed to 4 points lower, arid thereafter were
excited with a weak undertone. Operations
were on' r large scale and of a heavy nature.
Nevertheless the more thoughtful traders re
fused to oversell, keeping In mind the fact
that the long Interest bad been well threshed
out by the late severe reaction, while there had
unquestionably been a large short Interest a'c
cumulated which would be Influenced readily
by anything: In the way of bull developments.
New York Cotton Market.
"Wheat— Mar- July.
Opening 5 11V4 5 11%
Closing 511% 6WI
PARIS.
•Wheat — .March. May-Aug.
Opening 19 40 20 10
Closing 1935 2010
Flour-
Opening ' 24 70 25 75
Closing 2* 70 25 7»
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
CHICAGO. March 2.— CATTLE- Receipts, 100;
nominally Eteady.* Good to prime steers, $4 80
06- poor to medium, $3 40@>4 70; ftockers and
feeders steady. |2 7594 60; cows, $2 60(^4; heif
ers $2*630:4 40; canners. $W2 fiO: bulls. $2 75
e~4 10; calves, $4g-6 25: Texas fed steers, ?4@
4 SO- Texas grass Eteers, $3 30®4 ; . Texas bulls,
$2 S0S3 50.
HOGS-Receipts to-day, 16,000; to-morrow,
33 000- left over, 500. Generally 6c higher,
closing strong. Top. $5 60; mixed and butch
ers* »5 30@5 47>4: good to choice heavy, $5 40
@5 50- rough" heavy, $5 2StfT5 35; light, $5 30®
5 45: bulk of sales. *5 40Q5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 500. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 25@4 75;
fair to choice mixed. $4®4 35: Western sheep,
S4 23@4 75: Texas sheep. 52 50?f3 75: native
lambs, $1 40@6 25; Western lambs, $5@5 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
irarket was inactive; creamery. 15f?23c; dairy,
10@20c. Cheese, Quiet. 10Vi@H?ic. Eggs, dull;
fresh, 14Hc
Articles— ! Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 26,000 23.000
AVheat, bushels 53,000 64,000
Corn bushels .....2S1.000 173.C00
Oats, bushels 257.000 291,000
rtye. bushels 8.C00 1.000
Karley. bushels 30.000 ' 4.000
.I./H<al bank clearirgi for th« past week were
?t4,i:6.t64, eeal-nst. TCC>,S74,M6 for the same week
last year. ; .
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail report* from New Tork say:
"Pru-ne* continue to so out to the l<->eal Job
l>!rg Trade In a very pood uriy, an-1 the apgre
¦ irate bufinese last' week was considerable, in
ppite -of the break cause;!, by Friday's hollJay.
f=bhie f!z<»s of Panta Clara »:r>ods and Oregons
¦ r«-belteved -to be b»comir.K frarre. ar.d there
i»- a better buying ninverr.ent from the coast.
Trices <c» the spot are practically unchanged.
Tbere are evidences In Kotre quarters, how
ever. 0/ ' a little firmer feeling.
''Raisins are .Tvili, currants *.ten,1y, apricots
er1 poaches quiet. J>atrs are easy. A little
better trad* If doinjr in fir? at unrharp«"i quo
tation?. Apple?, which wtj-" dull and easy
jrif.Ft of the week, »-howei a much stronger
teadency- at . the oiosf." •
•; •.' The Lumber Trade.
¦ jp»o!fic Coart Wood and.Ircn payg of lumber:
\ •"There is very little to report for the lum
:tr'trade circles of California and the general
;Pacific Coast territory. .The mills- are begln
¦ining to finish their refitting anl will be In
;*i«rt}ve operation during the first fortnight in
M*roK. This is" especially true cf the sugar
end California white pine mills, which have a
Ji'-avv season ahead of them during; 1901.
•"Redwood is ' following Its eld. well-worn
P*th. and prices have eiioftTi no improvement.
notwRhFta-TKiing the many rumor* to the ef
rert that an advance in quotations was immi
r.ent. Lack of co-cperatScri caused the elump
la Interest and there will probably be no ad
la "« In redwood for tome weeks to come.
•"But in • the California pine mills *verr
thing is different. The prices are In excellent
r^&.&tton. -while the mills are shipping thou
f*nd» cf f**t per day eastward and to foreign
larts. There Is the greatest activity notlce-
J>le throughout, the- pme beit and the mills
¦will ha-. * their hand* full filling all the orders
¦t'j the reason. Energy is everywhere 6een.
If current oendittons are not fatisfaetory, they
fcr* altered to *nit t!ie demands.
-"Othf:r lumber conditions are about the same
and there is every reason to believe that the
month nf March will tie a far better and more
enrouraptng one for the lumber trade circles of
Thlc Toa^t and of San Francisco. The rains
• x'.»-n<;;nc *H over the coast Lave made the
. ¦¦:¦« -s exceedingly promising. *nd there 1b
no rea*-n why California should not be the
poet prosperous State in the • lumber trade
iardei cf the country during UOL."' ¦
Weather Report.
(123th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. March 2—5 r- m.
The following are the fasonal rainfalls to
t"?:* 1 as compared with those of same date last
Sffif-rm, aind rainfalls In last twenty-four
tio-jrs:
; La«l I Thim | Last
STATIONS. 2« Hours ¦ Season. ! Season.
Eur'ka .' Trace TS.73 4).1O
.H-'i i'-iuf? ...1 21.73 16.63
fiacrsnr.ento , 16.19 13. S7
Ha.r> Francisco '1S.04 15.11
»'«5O S.St 6.21
.-JCieijenaence ........ • 5.C6 - ; 2.14
• .San Luis Oblepo*..." • 1 £7.04 12. 66
.l^nr Angeles 1 ;..] ;... I 13. 61 ! 4.57
t-an Plego . ¦_....!¦ S.5J 2. 65
,-Fan Francisco <3»ta: Maximum temperature,
.72; tr.inimum, "SI: mean. €2. ;¦•**
• ¦WEATHER .CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
• FOUECAST.
. The pr«mue : has risen rapidly over the
¦ "north-nest err, portion of the Pacific Slop* and
¦ fca»- fallfn r.ipidly over Utaii,. Arizona an<1
fouthera California. A" arell marked area of
• T.lgh pressure Is movir>£ rapidly over Waah
¦ing-ton v»Mi Oncoa, end will .probably pass
•out heart r/ar<J Vjvcr Nevada and Utah. This
•will caune high .north -winds generally through
.California.
• The temperature has already fallen decidedly
fivrr the er.tire country wot of the Rocky
Mountains with: the single exception of San
ITran cjsco, • ivhof-e the temperature remains
¦ about, IS BecrcaE* above the normal. At the
¦ canse "niomont xhc t<-mperaturfcs at San Fran
cisco , and Point Reyes were , respectively 74
<3o»rr^ef end &i depreea.
Tb« Sacramento River Is 27.2 feet and rising.
' •" High northerly winds may be . expected In
' the vallcf* Sunday. "•
•' Forecast made at- 'San Francisco for thirty
hours. • ending hjidr.ight, March 3. 3901:
Northern Caiiforr.ia.^Fair Sunday; much
cooler; high scrtherly winds ; fog on the coast
In' tfce rnornirrjr.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; cooler;
¦hi«rh northerly' winds.
.' Nevada — Fair Eonfiay; cooler; high northerly
' »-Jhd». " . "."
•" Utah^Cloudy; cooler Sunday.
Arizona— Cloudy: probably light ehowers;
ir.uch colder Sunday..
• .; fean Francisco and yiclnity — Fair; cooler Sun
'»!»}•• brisk .northerly winds: tog In the worn
ing ¦ . ALEXANDER. G. McADIE,
. -. . Forecast Official.
Bank Clearings.
put out ar.y official statement of these ternia
left room for excited speculation on the part
of thoF? who were left to conjecture the terms
from "tips" and from the actions of those
credited with having inside information. When
the official statement of the terms of ex
charge was gt\en out It was quickly precon
ceived th.±t the allotments had not been made
at ail in the proportion of the ruling market
rrires for the securities.
A brisk market was made on the curb for
contracts to deliver the stocks of the United
Stat<»F StPfl Oorporat ion when issued. The i
making of quotations for the expected new se- I
curity furnished an Index from which to esti
mate the market value of nil the securities
onnrcrnM. Ttie price of the I'nlted States
Steel <Y>rporation Ftock was seen to conform ap
proximately to that of the lowest prices of the
o'd securities, in which the terms of exchange
were at par. Th* movement of prlce% In the
group, while very uneven, owln* to the ad
justment of the prices to the ratio of ex
change rights, was toward a lower level and
with a <i!minishing volume of trading.
Tr> the approach nf the period of the year
when th» domestic Interior finds Increased need
for money in circulation. the current oh-
Forption of fun.is by* the sub-treasury. the
continued delay In the resumption of Europe's
supply of sr>H from the Transvaal and the up
ward tendency of sterling exchange during the
rast week, the disposition of speculative hold
ers to lighten the loads may be traced. It Is
of no FniaJl consequence, either, that many of
the men of great moans who hav% been fore
most in the operations which made the recent
unprecedented stock market have left the
street for vacations of various durations. This
f.as _the effect of causing what the profession
als call a "tired" market. General condi
tions pro reported satisfactory. Railroad earn
ir.ps continue laire and traffic heavy. The
St. Pauls stock privileges and tha, resulting
I «rencih of that stock were the grounds for
t the animated speculation. Several of the In
| dustrlal specialties had sharp movements, due
tn individual causes, but generally speaking
the fctock market had been left more and more
In the hands of the professional traders who
operate from day to day In stocks without re
gard to general conditions.
There has been a good demand for railroad
bonds, especially for the Southern Pacific is
sues and sr.me of the Southwestern railroads
and those affected by the recent consolidations
or chanres of control.
United States refunding twos registered ad
vanced '», do coupon H and the new fours and
fives '4 per cent over the closing call of last
week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— BM.
5.100 Alchlson 55T4
3.'«X Atehison prefd 8SU
lu.HHi lialtimor<> & Ohio 90 7 «
Canadian Pacific 90'j
Canada Southern 66 r 
22,70<> Chesai*ake & Ohio 42^
1.200 Chicago Great WeFtern 19*i
S.9M Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy U*H
2,J0i) Chicago, Ind & Louisville 32',i
l.OuQ Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 70
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 1C6
Chicago & Northwestern 171^
8,300 Chicago. Rc*k Island & Pacific 123%
400 C C C & 6t Louis...: 75'*
3,6(.«0 Colorado Southern 8»i
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42V3
i Uolorado Southern 2d prefd 17",*
fOO Delaware & Hudson 165
Delaware. Lack & Western 192
200 I>enver & Rio Grande 39
Denvtr & IUo Grande prefd SS^4
4.200 Erie 2S
2.0-JO Krie 1st prefd 64«i
2,500 Great Northern prefd 194^,
Hocking Coal ..100
ICO Hocking Valley '. 40^
Illinois Central '. 130V*
W0 lov.a Central 26'-«
Iowa Central prefd C2^j
100 Lake Erie & Western 41
...:... Lake Erie & Western prefd Ill
300 Lake Shore 210H
400 Louisville & Nashville S2»« I
ZOO Manhattan Klevated 117'j
l«0 Metroj>oiitan Street Railway 160>i
700 Mexican Central 17
390 Minneapolis & St Louis 76%i
S.SCO Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 10S4
Missouri Pacific - . SS'b
2,M*> Mobile & Ohio 7S»i
4,500 Missouri. Kansas & Texas ZXH*
......... Missouri, Kanras & Texas prefd.... B4 l i
S.CCO New Jersey Central 154Vi
5.2W New York Central 143%
Norfolk & Western 4^-4
2.700 Norfolk & Western prefd S3
&00 Northern Pacific S3
2,2fD Northern Pacific prefd 87
Ontario & WeEtern 3i*4
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
8,900 Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
1.2C0 Pennsylvania Ui 7 i
1,400 Reading 3.014
• 100 Reading 1st prefd 70*4
Reading 2d prefd 40?»
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 93
1,600 St Louis & San Francisco 36"4
ft Louis & Ean Fran 1st prefd Sl«£
400 J=t Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 64H
2,200 St Louis, Southwestern 26»i
6.*(iO f-t Louis, Southwestern prefd OS
&.600 St Paul 152^
St Paul prefd 191%
•lOO St Paul & Omaha 1244
5,700 Southern Pacific 43*4
EO.30O Southern Railway 24vt
13.200 Southern Railway prefd 7ST$
1,200 Texas & Pacific 2S%
17,400 Union Pacific $n%
1.C09 Union Pacific prefd 84
300 Wabash 1714
1,700 Wabash pref.l 29%
269 .Wheeling & Lake Erie 13*4
100 Wheeling & Lake Krie 2d prefd.... 29^
Wisconsin Central is^,
Third Avenue 119
9.EC0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd g$*i
600 National Tube £5
100 National Tube prefd ....102U
Fxpress Companies —
Adams uo
American , 1S6
United States 57
Welle-Fargo I3g
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton Oil 27?4
American Cotton Oil prefd £5'
American Malting 41^
American Malting prefd 24
5.P0O American Smelting & Re'ng 545;
LCO0. American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 93Ti
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 57
7,5<>0 American Steel Hoop 3314
100 American Steel Hoop prefd... 81'
C.GOO American Fteel & Wire s^Y,
1,500 American Steel & Wire prefd 95V4
G,!H>0 American Tin Plate C2U
2.KW American Tin Plate prefd 101U
9,100 American Tobacco 121U
American Tobacco prefd 140
500 Anaconda Mining Co 40%
3,800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 74^
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43
3,100 Continental Tobacco 4514
100 Continental Tobacco prefd S8»i
5.400 Federal Steel 45
6,300 Federal Steel prefd 8S%
200 General Electric 210
Glucose Sugar 451,4
Glucose Sugar prefd '. 92
1,000 International Paper 21%
International Paper prefd 73
I^aclede G,is 74
100 National Biscuit 38%
.;..-- National Biscuit prefd .' 83
100 National Lead 1514
100 National Lead prefd gs
4,200 National Steel 45>i
' 200 National Steel prefd lOO't
New York Air Brake ;.. 153
....... North American (new stock) 73
....... Pacific Coast 62
; Pacific Coatt 1st prefd 88
; Pacific Coast 2d prefd.. €2
200 Pacific Mall 33
1,100 People's Gas ' 101K
300 Pressed Steel Car *...... 15%
1,000 Pressed Steel Car prefd 73»/i
200 Pullman Palace Car 1S9
200 Standard Rope & Twine.... 3%
23,300 Sugar ;....; 142ft
100 Sugar prefd. 121
2.S00 Tennessee. Coal & Iron ...52
"E.300 United States Leather J2«4
Morning Session. '• .
Board—-. • . ¦
200 Bear Flag ; ;.. 28
130 California-Standard : 54
25 California-Standard ..................... -53
600 California-Standard ¦ S3 ¦ '
100 Caribou ."....: 73
200 Gold Dollar ..: 40
. 200 Junction :.i-«3
. 2*1 Lion .1 . . 30
1100 Monarch of Arizona 63
100 Monte Cristo ...'. 3 4^4
100 Monte Cristo, s 30 <. 3.40
R0O Oil City Petroleum 30
2000 Oil City Petroleum »
25 Peerless .*.. 8. JTtfc
f.i .*an Joarjuln. Oil £ Development — 11 «7H
• 200 Shamrock '. 50
100 Sterling ..' 2 S3
100 Sunset (original) , S9
ltt» West Lak» ....: . :S '
. SA"N' FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. *
Board — - ." .
lftftO Four Oil Co. b 30 W
lOOFour. Oil Co, s 30... 53 .
1«4 Hanfort 1M 00
2 Hanford ...• : .105 00
30© Independence '20
lOrt Junction .' ;.'...: ; 64 :
100 Sterling, b 30.. 3 00
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Cal Saf« -Deposit >..: :1R5 50
20 Giant Powder Con ;. 84 00
10 Hana Plantation Co....l :... 8 75
170 Honokaa S Co •. :.. 33 23. !
140 Hutchlnsrm S P Co ' ;... 25-50 • .
20« Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 24 0O
50 Oceanic S S Co 5!» Oft
$1WH) Oceanic S S- Bonds 106 50
lSOOnomea Sugar CO ;......;. 30 no
170 Paauhau S P Co......... 31 73
75 Pac Gas Imp 44 50
$20o» Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 3s 97 50"
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 .W
f> S F Gas & Electric Co 4« 37^
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 23
$1000 S P of- A Bonds :112 12*4
15OSV 'Water -..'. 94.50
65 S V Water 94 25
$1000 S V 6s, cash 112 75
Street—
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s ..103 00 •
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s. 105 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Kxchamre Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
950 Alpha ., Oil ion Mexican 19
200 Andes 04 5(^0 Ophir «3
200 Belcher 12 10O Sierra Nevada. »
500 Bullion fill 200 Silver Htll 41
100 Caledonia :.:... 65 100 t'nlon Con 2<>
40O Con Cat 3k Va.l «i5 200 Utah OS
1C0 Gould & CUrry. 19 30* Yellow Jacket.. 20
Following were the sales la the Pacific Stock
Excharge yesterday:
Morning Session.
2W Belcher 12' 100 Gould & Curry. l*>
200 Best & Belcher 22 500 Ophir «9
50 Caledonia 671 3<X) Ophir «7
KOC C A Va 1 «2H' 300 Ophir W
500 C C & Va .M M>; 20O Sierra Nevada. 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
1 . SATURDAY. March 2—12 m.
Alpha 01 02!Justlce «3 04
Alta : C3 C3:Kentuck 01 «
Andes 04 OSjtady Wash..... 01 03
Belcher 12 13; Mexican 18 19
Best & Belcher 21 22 ; Occidental 04 M
Bullion. €1 02 Ophir 6> «•
Caledonia 65 70 Overman 10 11
Challenge Con. 1« IS Pbtowi 13 11.
Chollar ..: 06 07, Savage 10 U
Confidence 61 66. Scorpion — M
Con Cal & Va.l 60 1 65 Seg Belcher.... 01 «2
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 27 W
Con New Tork. 01' 03, Silver Hill 44 45
Crown Point... 11 12 St Louis — M
Kureka Con.... W —Standard ...J 73 4 #1
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate ...... — **
Gould & Curry. IS 13 Unlnn Con 19 U
Hale & Norcrs. 16 18 Vtal> 05 0«
Julia 01 02; Yellow Jacket.. 13 70
PRODUCERS' OIL EXSHANGE.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
f.uiet: winter patents. $3 60(03 SO; straights,
$3 ZO^iZ 60; clears, ?2 60tf?3 30; spring specials,
}i 20&4 30; patents, $3 50@3 70; straights, $3g>
3 20- bakers'. $2 20«72 50; No. 3 spring wheat,
6iig71c; No. 2 red, 74tt«576 1 / Sc; No. 2 corn, 39',4c:
No. 2 vellow, 39V4c: No. 2 oats, 2.'>»ic; No. 2
vhite, 2K'/>!<a29e; No. 3 white, 28=Ji&2Sc; No. 2
rye £2c - good feeding barley, 46c; fair to choice
rnalting", 51056c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 61; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 6S: prime timothy seed, $4 40;
mess pork, per barrel. $13 95@14 10; lard, per
100 pounds, J7 40@7 42V4: Ehort-rlb Bides tloose).
to 55^7 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $>> 25@
G 60- short clear sides (boxed), $7 33g7 55;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade. $10 75.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March "»; 74 73»; 73%
April 74', 74H 74H 74%
May 75% 75% 75>i 75*4
Corn No. 2—
March .... 39'4
*." ay 4Ui 41% 41 41'i
Oats No. 2—
March 24%
May 25*» 25% 25# 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
March 13 95 '
May 14 12\' 3 14 15 14 10 14 12^4
l^ard, per 100 pounds-
March 7 40
May 7 43 7 47*4 7 43 7 45
July 7 50 7 52H) 7 50 7 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
March 7 CO
May' 7 05 7 05 7 (12% 7 05
September 7 12'j 7 20 7 17J4 7 20
Weekly bank clearings shozv a gain over last year.
Sthcr a- fraction off again. Exchange unchanged. '
Ail classes of stocks quiet and .unchanged.
What dull and featureless. Barley possibly a shade steadier.
Oats, Com and Rye as prcz'iously quoted.
Bran weak and, quiet at the decline. Hay steady.
Beans and Seeds neglected at the old quotations.
Onion boom at an end. Potatoes easy. 'Most Vegetables weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted.
Several cars of Eastern Poultry expected to-morrow.
Game firry quid and without feature. N I
Oranges being rushed in en a zveak market.
Lemons advanced again. Limes still out.
No change in Dried Fruit.
Provisions continue very quiet.
Hides, Wool and Hops unchanged.
Upward -tendency in Meats apparently ended.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $14S,51S.C€S; gold, $S1.967.37S.
Condition of the Treasury
LONDO?*, March 2.— Atchlson, B7&; Canadian
Pacific, 92%: Union Pacific preferred, 85Vi;
Northern Pacific preferred,. 89%; Grand Trunk,
7H; Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver, dull, 28^d per
ounce. Money, iQUi per cent.
CLOSING
A poor bank statement was expected from
New Tork clearing-houses and apparently that
had been discounted. The only features were
Baltimore and Ohio, Southern Railway and
Union Pacific stocks. Money was easy.
NEW YORK. March 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram says:
All departments were quiet on the Stock Ex
change to-day excepting cinly American shares,
which responded willingly at the opening to the
advance in New York yesterday afternoon. The
first eales were above parity and prices hard
ened gradually during the day, closing at the
top.
London Market.
The Financier says: The bank dtatement for
the week ending March 2, contrary to expec
tations, showed a slight increase in surplus
reserve, the present total standing at $14,i01,
100, or $254,425 above the figure reported for the
previous week. The gain cf $1,086,200 In cash,
In view of the known losses by the banks in
their operations with the Sub-Treasury, is not
easily explained, but the most probable solu
tion is that the receipts from the interior were
heavier than anticipated. 1/oans expanded
J2.40S.500, which was also a surprise, as liqui
dation had been hea.vy during the week. The
gain dees not reflect corporate deals of magni
tude, and as rumors of Impending large opera
tions have created a belief In a coming dis
turbance In the money market, many conserva
tlv-j interests have been securing themselves
, againsf possible higher rates by taking out
time leans at prevailing quotations. The in
i fluence of this borrowing shows in the present
| statement. Deposits rose $3,327,100. owing to
the Mantes In loans and cash already noted,
and the ad led reserve requirement called for
by this expansion explains why surplus reserve
increases wera not heavier. Viewed In every
light, the statement Is of a favorable charac
ter, although the small changes are of them
selves rather unimportant. The one factor
which will bear watching over the next two
we^ks is the trend of money to or from this
• center. As it is, the banks have sent very
little money to the interior, the prevailing
movements having been almost persistently In
this direction. The official statements of new
b-inks in different sections of the country in
dicate a strong condition of reserves, but the
general business outlook Is such that spring
trade requirements may work changes of lm
portarce In the New York money market. In
the matter of surplus reserves the banks here
show only narrow fluctuations from the course
of the Fame item last year, and It is wortli
keeping In mind that the surplus reserve Item,
which stood at about thirteen and a half mil
lion* for the corresponding week one year ago,
fell In fourteen days to about two and two
thirds millions, although there was a recovery
in the succeeding four or five weeks to nearly
$1"> 000 000. Still, one year ago national bank
note currency Was $100,000,000 less and the gen
eral stocks of money was much lower than at
present. Eliminating the Influence of pending
deals of unusual importance, the course of the
money market over the next few weeks ap
pears to He within limits of narrow fluctua
i tlons.
NEW YORK, March 2.— The weekly state
ment of averages of the Associated Banks
shows: Loans, $914,209,400; increase. $2,408,600.
Deposits, $1,012,514,000; Increase. $3,347,100. Cir
culation, J31, 309.000; Increase. $S4.00O. Legal
tenders, $73,?S1,1CO; Increase, $31,000. Specie,
fl93.94S.E0O; Increase, $993,200. Total reserve,
$267,9:3.600; Increase. $1.0S6,20O. Reserve re
quired. $233,123,500; Increase. $S31.775. Surplus
reserve. $14,8S1.100; Increase. $254,425.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 13
Alice 40 Ontario 7 bO
Breece 1 25 Ophir 65
Brunswick Con ... 2o' Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... CVPotosl 12
Oon Cal & Va 1 55 j Savage 09
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada .... 25
Horn Silver 1 1S| Small Hopes. 65
Iron Si*-er 63 Standard 4 15
Leadville Con 05|
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pac 87*4
Call loans 33H Union Land 4
Time loans S'.bgi West End 94'.&
Stocks— I Westngh Elec 68
Atch Top & S F.. 55 T i Bonds-
Do prefd SS\i N E G & Coke Gs.. 6Sli
Amer Sugar 1421s Mining Shares —
Do prefd 120 Adventure 14
Amer Tele 158 Bingham 20%
Boston & Albany.. 2.15 Amal Copper 9J\i
Boston El 16S'4 1 Atlantic 32
Boston & Maine 194 Vi Boston & Mont 334
: Chi Bur & Q 144H'Butt<? &: Boston SS»i
Dominion Coal S3'i Calumet & Hecla..860
Do prefd 110V Centennial 25*4
Federal Steel 43 iFranklln 24H
Do prefd RS'i | Humboldt 25
F"itchKurg prefd... 14m iOweoia SOVj
Gen Klectrlc "OflVaiParrot 50V*
Do prefd .-.188 iQuincy 173
Ed Elec 111 247M>! Santa Fe Copper.. 74
; Mexican Cent 17 iTamarack 348
N K Gas & Coke.. 12%} Utah Mining 34
j Old Colony 2OR Wlnona 7
Rubber .^..... 19^ Wolverines 63Ms
Associated Banks' Statement.
U S ref 2s reg....lOi'4'N Y Cent lsts 107V4
Do coup 106- N J Cent gen as.. 13674
Do 3s reg. ill Nor Pac Ss* .. 71Vi
Do 3» coup Ill Do 4s ....".'.': 105?i
Do new 4s reg..l38 N Y C & St L 4s.lOS'^
Do news 4s coup. 138 Nor & W con 4s..lO2U
Do old 4s reg. ...113 Qr Nav lsts 110
Do old 4s coup. .114 Do 4s .104.
Do 3s reg ni'4 O S Line 6s 128
Do Es coup 111% Do con Ss 118
Dist of C 3.63s 123 Read Gen 4s 94
Atch gen 4s 103% R G AV Ists 100%
Do adjt 4s 92Vi S L & I M con 5s.ll5i-i
Canada So 2ds ...lOS'-'s L & S F Gen 6s. 130
C & O 454s 103 St P cons 1S4
Do 5s I21»i St P C & P lsts-.lWJ
C & N con Ts 110 Do 5s 121
Do S F Deb 5s. 124 So Pac 4s SI'A
Chicago Term Is... S7U So Ry 5s ll»*i
Colo So 4s S3 Standard R & T 6s 54
r> & R G 4s 102V4 Tex & Pao lsts....HSV4
Erie Gen 4s 84 Do 2ds 94
Ft W & D C lsts. S3% Union Pac 4s 106
Gen Elec 5s 176 j Wabash lsts 119*1
Iowa Cent lsts ...116'*. Do 2<'.s 109',i
L & N Uni 4s 101 •" West Shore 4s 115%
M K & T 2ds -S*s WIs Cent lsts SS^i
Do 4s 97 Iva Centuries 95Vi
MIXING STOCKS.
•3!>C,100 Shares sold
CLOSING BOND*
400 United States Leather prefd 73%
3C0 United States Rubber 20
United States Rubber prefd 60",;
CCO Western Union 86^
1C.D00 Amalgamated Copper 9SH
4,100 Republic Iron & Steel Co 16-i
100 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 64?*
P C C & St Louis 53
Provisions were quiet and firm, with the
trade mostly local.' May pork and ribs gained
5c and lard closed 5©7 1 ,ic up.
The leading futures ranged as follows: ,
For the corn market the dullest day of
the week existed. The trade, was confined to
scalpers. Prices held steady on firm cables
and light country offerings. May closed Uc
higher at 41UC.
Oats were stagnant all day, closing un
changed at 23%4£25%c.
* — — — ; — *
CHICAGO, March 2.— Wheat was lacking In
everything which goes to make the market In
teresting. Scalpers had the market almost
entirely to themselves. Operators are watting
for developments in N the crop situation before
assuming a decided attitude in the -pit, , and
as the news to-day was . colorless . there was
no reason for breaking their rest. May
opened He lower at 75'.4iJe.75Uc. because Liver
pool and Paris were depressed and because of
the springlike weather. .It rallied later to
7b%c on short covering and some export sales,
closing Ho higher at 7j^c.
PRELIMINARY NOTICE.
$a,0CO WORTH OF GOVERNMENT TENTS
AT AUCTION.
By tn u>rs from headquarters w» will aell on
TUESDAY. March 12, 1901, beginning at W
o'clock a. m. sharp, .at our salesrooms. (17
MARKET STREET, opposite Battery, the fol
fowing Government property direct from th*
Presidio: 3000 Tents; 2000 Duck Wagon • Covers.
Flys. etc.- 50 sets Doable and Single Haraesi
and Leads; Camp Tools; 3 Government Mules;
3 Army Waro.ns. etc. . '
AMERICAN AUCTION* CO.. Auctioneer*.
NOTE. — All this' tentage Is .nearly new, hav
ing been used but a short time on taa military
reservation of San. Franciscow Goods will b*
on inspection, with catalogue- en sale, Friday,
March 8. 1901. . . .
Flour, ar sks 4.400 Alfalfa Seed, sks 3
W T heat. ctls 73.972 Raisins, bxs 500
Barley, ctla 450 Brandy, eals 4.470
Oats, ctls 4O0|Wlne, gals 70.300
Potatoes, ska ... l,73SITailow, ctls 212
Onions. slt3 345' Quicksilver, flska 54
Bran, sks X.76.".I.Leather. rolls ... 22
Middlings, ska .. . 20! Sugar, ctls 1.000
Hay, tons 400, Lime, bbls 91
Straw, tons 10 Pelts, bdls <>S
Wool, bales 57 Hides, no 321
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 31,C00iOats. ctls ,400
FOR SATURDAY, MARCH -2.
Receipts of Produce.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant. «; Coos
Bay, *a 50: Wallsend, J3; Co-operative Walls
end, $3; Cumberland, $12 in built and $12 25 in
Back9i Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
n«l, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 4o
per 2000 pounds and $3 50 per ton. according
°RICE— China mixed, $4 2O@4 25; No. 1, « 70ifp
4 S5; extra. $5 20f?5 50; Japanese, $4 90®5 50;
Louisiana, $4«J6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska, red. $1 20; medium do. $1 10: pink. 9O«J
95c; Columbia River, Chinook. $1 75 for tails
and \\ S5 for flats; barreled Salmon, $10 for
Alaska barrels and $5 50 for half-barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6. :3c; Powdered. 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.S5c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners* A, 5.7*.c; Magnolia A, 5.35c; Extra C,
5.25c; Golden C, 5.13c; barrels; 10c more; half
barrels, TZc more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels. 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
Receipts from the Islands In February were
4C.055.0W) lbs.
¦ BAG?- San Quentin Bags. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6V4«654c; local
make. 6%c; Wool Bags. 30@32ttc;- Fleece
Twine. V&k.
General Merchandi
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions,
though the upward tendency, which continued
so long, seems to hare come to an end.
BEEF— 7g8c for Steers and 6®7fec per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®Se; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9^®10c; Ewes. »%e per
pound.
LAMB— Yearlings, 10>4c- per lb; spring, UQ
12'4c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6Uc for small and «Uc
for medium and 6c for large; stock Hogs, 6%c;
feeders. 5Hc; dressed Hoes. 8®3^4c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip — San Jcaquln. 6>4@Sc: do iambs. S&
9c; Middle County. i>@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10$|llc; Southern Mountain, 7H®S'/jc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, Il@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 15<22Cc per lb.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15J*16c: Northern, defective. 123
14c; Middle County, free. 15016c: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12gl4c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9@16c; Southern Mountain, free, 1
months', llifllc; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9fljllc; Humboldt asd Mendocino, M
@17c; Nevada. 13Q16C per lb.
Small sales of Hops and Hides redeem the
market from stagnation. Wool continues dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9H@10c; medium. 9c; light, S#S%«; Cow Hides,
8V4o for heavy and S®S%c for light; Stags. 60
614c; Salted Kip. 9c.; Salted Veal. 9@10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Kmes, 15%®16c; Culls. 13H«14c;
Dry Kip. 15@16c; Dry Calf. 16®17c; call* and
brands. H®15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20if30c
each; abort Wool. 30@50c each; medium. 60@75c;
long Wool. 75cg$l e.-ch: Horse Hides, salt. 12 50
©2 75 for large and |2@2 25 for medium, Jl 25 for
small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large, $1 60 for medium, $1 25 for small and
50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
35c: fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skin?, ?0c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4ft@4%c per lb;
No. 2, 4©4»4c; grease, 2@2Hc
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. S^c; three
half-barrels. Sc; one tierce. 7Tsc; two tierces,
7?ic; five tierces, 744c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «Hc per ¦ lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9?4c; 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-Ib tins, 10%e.
There Is. no Improvement In the demand
for anything. Prices stand the same.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lligllHc per lb for
heavy. U^QlZa for light medium. 12^@13c for
light. 13®14c for extra light and 15@15Vic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c:
Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family. JU; extra fine Pork. $15@13 50; extra
clear. $19 50@20; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
Provisions.
HONEY-Comb. 13%@14c for bright and 12%#
13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c; light amber extracted, 6%Q7o; dark, «O
6%c per lb.
BEESWAX-24@£6o per lb. l-'j 1 ."
6%c; 12-ounce, BUo: . London Layers, 2-crown,
$1 60 per box: J-crown. $1 60; Fancy Clusters,
$2; Dehesa. t- E0; Imperial,' $3.' All pricesf. o.
b. at common shipping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8©10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No; 1, softshell, 10c; No. t, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. 9'ic; No. 2. 7c; Almonds, 12213c
for papersheli. 9<8>llc for sof tshell : Peanuts, a
@6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts.
13c; Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $3 50<35.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 12c;
store, lie.
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, >;
seconds, ; dairy extras, »
Pickle, per pound. •
Keg, — — per ¦ pound,
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9%c; choice
8V&c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, l5@16Vjc per lb.
EGGS— -
California Ranch— Selected White, 13c; mixed
colors, 12c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12c: standard,
lie; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, . . ...
Storage — California fancy ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy. ; standard, ; seconds,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits, i
The Orange . auction business Is being rushed
with a vengeance. Ten or twelve cars are an
nounced for to-morrow's sale. The market Is
very weak, as supplies are heavy and the
fruit more or- less" touched by decay.*
Fresh supplies of Limes are expected to
morrow. Lemons have again . advanced, owing
to the scarcity in Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUlTb— • , ":
APPLES— 50@75c per box for common, 90c®
}1 50 for good to choice and $1 7S©2 for fancy.
' PEARS— 73ci@$l 60 pet box and nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— Naval Oranges, $l@l 75;
Seedlings. 50c©$l; Tangerines. 75c@$l 50; Japa
nese Mandarins, $1<EJ1 f>0; Lemons, $1@1 60 for
common and $1 75® 2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, 75c@Jl 50; Mexican Limes, ;
California Limes, nominal; Bananas. 50c
©$1 per bunch for Island and $1-250175 for
New Orleans; Pineapples. 75c@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The. market exhibits no new features, being
quiet and more or less weak. .The continued
steady - movement In : Prunes, albeit at low
prices, Is the only redeeming feature. '. ¦ .
FRUITS— Apricots. 5@7o for Royals and 8H©
I 10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4@5Hc;
sun-dried, 1%@2%c; Peaches, J@3Hc for stand
ard, 4@4V4o for- choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Pears 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 4@5c; unpltted, 1®
l^c; Nectarines, 5®5Hc for red and 6%©6c for
Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 3c; 30-40s, 7c;
40-508. We; 50-603. 4%c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, 8%c;
80-90s,-2%c; 90-lOCs, VA.c; 100-120s, l^c:- rubies.
i! 0 premium; Sonomas He and San Joaqulna
Vkc less than Santa Claras, except 10O and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growera Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10o; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons, 9c per lb. - Sultanas— Fancy. : 10%c per
lb; choice, Sftc; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; .. Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Hc;-4-crownr-7c; S-crown; 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 5c;.S-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded . (Fresno 'prices), fancy.
16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, - 5Hc; choice, 16-ounce,
Receipts, as reported by the Dairy Exchange,
were 40,900 pounds of Butter, 1381 cases Eggs,
£025 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, ISc; firsts, 16c; seconds.
There Is nothing new in Cheese.
Receipts of beet creamery Butter are In
creaBing and th» dairy grades continue to drag
badly. There are no outside, orders of any
size on the market.
Prices for everything remain unchanged
While receipts of Eggs are liberal there is
no accumulation of stock, as the demand Is
very fair' and a good many are going into
storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. $1 23;
Brant, $1 EO for small and $2 for large; Hon
kers. $3gH 50: English Snipe, ; Jack Snipe,
; Hare, 75cQ$l; Rabbits, 75ci@$l for Cot
tontail and for Brush; Pigeons, per
dozen.
KOULTRV- Live Turkeys. 121513c for Gob
biers and 12fj 13c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
llGHc; Geese, per pair, $1 50@2; Goslings,
$3 50@3; Ducks, $4£?5 for' old and $6<g7 for
young; Hens. $4@C: Young Roosters, $6@7; Old
Roosters, $4fiio; Fryers, $5 50(06; Broilers,
$i(J5 60 for large and $3 5C@4 60 for small;
Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 50
jr'2 75 for Squabs.
Game arrived in bad condition again. There
Is not much Interest in the market now, since
Quail and Ducks went out.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry are expected
to-morrow. Receipts of local stock were nomi
nal.
Poultry and Game.
Onions are weak and dull, the boom being
over, for the present, at least. There is noth
ing new In Potatoes, beyond weaker prices for
Sweets. «S
Asparagus continues to bring good prices, and
some fancy Rhubarb sold up to 12'^c per lb.
Tomatoes from Los Angeles are running poor
as a rule, being frostbitten.' and the same may
be 'said of Bay Peas. String Beans are drag
ging at the lower prices. There are a good
many Green Peppers on the market, and they
are dull. Summer Squash Is small and In
ferior. Cabbage has advanced. , *
New Potatoes are selling at 20*30 per lb, for
Email stock.-
Receipts were 209 boxes of Asparagus, 129
boxes of Rhubarb and 13 sacks of Bay Peas.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 75@35c; Burbanks,
3(Vg-55c for River, $1@1 20 per ctl for . Salinas
and 60c@W for Oregon; Garnet Chiles from
Oregon. ®j@~bc.; Sweets, S5@Mc for Merced.
ONIONS— $2 E0ig3 50 per ctl; Cut Onions, $2
per ctl; Australians are jobbing at 5c; Green
Onions, 35© 40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 5@7c; Asparagus,
15!s@17ttc for No. 1 and 7@10c per lb for No. 2;
Green Peas. 2®8c for Los Angeles and 2t?6c
for Bay; String Beans. 4@10c; Cabbage. Jl.fJ
1 10; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, 5Oc<g$l 50 per
crate; from Mexico, $1 25(01 59 per crate; Egg
Plant, Los Angeles, 10<@20c per lb; Green Pep
pers, Los Angeles, £S?12He per lb for Chile and
15c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 12® ISc; Dry Okra.
25c per lb; Carrots, 25QS5c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 75c<sJ$2 per dozen; Summer Squash,
$l@160-per box £ Garlic, 3@3T4c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, JSti p»x ton; Mushrooms, 12Vi@
20c per lb.
Dealers continue to quote a dull market for
Beans and a neglected market for Seeds.
BEANS-Bayos, $2 50@2 75: Small White, $4 60
©4 90; Large White, $4@4 25: Pink, $2 1502 SS;
Red. !3?<3 50: Blackeye, $303 25; Llmas. $5 600
5 70; Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50©3; Canary. S*h@
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. IM&t^c for Califor
nia and 9®9,4c for Utah; Rape, 2@2>/tc; Hemp,
3'ic: Timothy. 6%c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $2f?2 50; Green, (2 70$
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Bran la easy nnd quiet at the decline, the
fine growing weather being against it. Hay
continues to sell fairly at steady prices.
BRAN-515 50S16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16316 30 per
ten: Oilcake Meal at the mill.'$33@'26: Jobbing.
$2f60; Cocoanut Cake, J17@1S; Corn Meal, $250
25 60; Cracked Corn, $25 50@25; Mixed Feed,
J15@16. /
HAY— Volunteer. $3(ff8; Wheat. fll@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9(?i:l2; Oat. $9@11 50: Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S<&9 50: Barley, *7 5C09 30 per ton.
STRAW— 35®47%o per bale.
Hay and Feedst tiffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, 13 25©
$3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $315^3 23;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@"3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', J2 75
©3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 -per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, <2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: nice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
lisy, *3 50© 3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 23; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
Q7 60; in sacks, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley, $3;
Split Peas, 55; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstu ffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The same apathy prevails and quota
tions have made no change of consequence for
weeks. •
White, $125@H5: Surprise, nominal; Red,
f 1 !5«Cfl 40 for Fepd and ¦¦ $1 3S@l 45 for Seed;
Gray nominal: Ulack, for feed. J117V4012O;
for seed, $1 25@1 20 per ctl.
CORK— The old prices are etlll quoted.' with
nothing golr.g on. Yellow, $1 12%@1 15; White,
Jl 15: Eastern mixed, $1' 12% per ctl.
RYE — 82>3@S5c per ctl. The market continues
very dull, i
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. . -.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
99c.
Second . Session— May— 18,000 ctla, We; 2000,
98%c. E>ecember— 16,000. U 6i%.
Regular Morning: Session— May— 2000 etl»,
98%c.
BARLEY— Some", dealers report rather more
tone, but the improvement, if it can be called
such. Is very slight. - '
-Feed. 72MjC for cholco bright.. 70@71Uc for No.
1 anJ 67>,4c for oft grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grade;, 75@S0c; Chevalier, nominal. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
were few orders on the market and the general
feeling was bearish. The weather will be a
factor from now on as the crop scare season
Is at hand, | and damage reports always have
more or less effect. on the market
This market was neglected and featureless.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; milling. 37VaO
$1 02% per ctl. .;,* :<V
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL,..SUNDAY, • MARCH 3, 1901.
prices. State common quoted at : 3%@4?io;
prime, 4%<£T5c; choice, 5%@6c; fancy, 6@7c.
California dried fruits ruled dull and un
changed.
FRUNES-3M@S%C
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark. 8U®
15c; peaches, peeled, 14@lSc: unpeeled, 6V4@10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
AND
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
31
S. IM.IT. I W.I T.I F. | :
3. | Moon" » Phases.
i i_r
3 4 6 8 7 8
iririr « i n is r
17 M 19 20 j 21 22 |
24 23 26 27 23 »
' 2 /^ Full Moon.
|— W March 4.
1— - /R Ltst Quarter.
lii. '^- March 13.
23 v»k New Moon,
1^2> March 20.
30 ~"
SI i I I I I 1"
!• i Sf March 26.
S. IM.IT. I W.I T.I F. | :
3. | Moon" » Phases.
i i_r
3 4 6 8 7 8
iririr « i n is r
17 M 19 20 j 21 22 |
24 23 26 27 23 »
' 2 /^ Full Moon.
|— W March 4.
1— - /R Ltst Quarter.
lii. '^- March 13.
23 v»k New Moon,
1^2> March 20.
30 ~"
SI i I I I I 1"
!• i Sf March 26.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
fea at i:£i^Aiy&t
STABLES, 1316 PINE STREET,
Bet. Hyde and Larttln.
TUESDAY, March 5,
.::> - At .11 A. M. ' :¦.,:.'¦?
Conslstlne o« SURREYS. ROCK A WAYS.
OPEN, and TOP. BUGGIES, TRAPS,
CARTS, HARNESS, HORSES, Etc.
Most cf this stock U new and all of the lat-
est styles, as I Intended to have a first-class
stable with up-to-date rigs. But owing to tna
unsettled condition of the livery stable bust-
ness in this city and poor health I offer the
above stock at public auction to the highest
bidder. Ni> reserve or limit. Call and examine,
B. P. VAN CLEVE.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 3, 1901.
32
: ¦ Bale's. . { Hale's. | ' Hale's. | Hale's. _l^~^^ ?^1' ! Hale's. | Hale's.
The most powerful demonstration of values 5an Francisco ever had.
> Spn'ngsalenovof F^st-W^areJ^ Jfe m(WU faCtUrer flfos it ' ' Spring safe no* of
010 Dea SneetS 5OCo mr n d- W 7a a re e hJpm n g^we/yes. We told him we would sell more of his goods if he would give Ribbed UnderWCar.
Less than the material itself COSt. *, , ,, , , . £ . us concessions to warrant it. It meant a quicker and certain c 1 a- a iiVi2
Not one-tenth as many asr i It S the ITlOSt ali-rOUnd, helpf 111 move- turnover for him-a little less profit per hundred dollars but a w M , h ° r ? < children.
we wish there were, and so Specially bought ment of' merchandise ever Conceived. surer one P er thousand dollars. He said he would rathe/have a But i d°o&"s« ihpl 1^^ Especially
will vou if vou're not for this sa/e. hundred big customers than a thousand small ones. If he can sell rO5s s £ ch - extraordinary values a^ain. fought for this
,.»*,,, _, 1 . 1 11 . . . . , . * ocu These offerings a r e doubly important— ¦. ,
prompt. We cant sell you •* ; — Trains for Dast tWO Weeks have been OnC en he lessens hls nsk, his expenses, coming just when you can best apprc- . sale '.
the muslin as cheap as we can these sheets made . . f . his worry. • ciate them. : *. . *
up. And there's not a flaw in the making, either, hurrying StOCKS tO US f Or thlS Sale. They were all only too glad to stand back of us in this new °^\ d ' S C V^? l or },° Cm /^ ' '
,. ° v.Tc t * r /• ¦¦ i*i *-*"j iiv.\y 55 dozen Jersey rlDbea Efrj'ptlan • AS\
Its finding- snaps like this that pavs us to keep W P Win OTTPr VOI1 - move — even to rushing goods here ahead of time cotton, medium weight, coverel ¦¦'¦¦
x -.r,-. TTv-vvjiiviis^ijrvi^ 00 w» kimv.. seams, sizes to fit: ayes 2 to • 6 ¦ >y"uf7 <
our lork organization. __ «••< • " V II * years; hair price wiuie they iast.ioc ." * : "
Thwe Bteeti are wide enough and long enough for biggest Mnf hif1O*'niii''1'C 11 P W JOU I/K6 it. Child's Vests OP .
befis-ri, yards equare-bleached and hemmed. l^lV/LilUlil WUL 1^ llCWi • . Pnntfll^rc: IRr • t'l&'Mi
Also Pillow Cases 10c. '^ m It means an earlier choosing for you and a safe one and a cheap r^ „! 2 ;?E OT t:a a
aoo of them-not near enough: you can't get the muslin for we win quoie you ;•.¦/ Who won't avail themselves of such fine ODDortunities? SSiMdlaw 806 ™!^- m^ um fln. e ,h S M.' • • ¦ ' SKCiSr
10 cents, so If you can pet them made up for nothing won't you _- _ -, ,,,.,. c u PPOnunitieb. Bplendldl> made and finished; . "£;Ajy
.t»k» them m a jiffy? 45x3c inches, i^c for those 4^x36 inches. JM^f *-. j f e |^-| Kfflf jc lltliii^tlf^i You who've denied yourselves the luxury of a new hat, anew I e fo m i 9 2 y°ea c rs e throu ehout; m size;, • ;^|T
5/>r/ny w/e /joht of ttl1 llW1U Jgf M"«3UtH dress or new fixings at the beginning of the season on,account 1200 Vests or Pants 21c. IPS
Ladies' f&1 0*!oVeS 8OC Ever hear ° f * n y th[n Z like that? It is an entirely new experience of cost don't need to. this spring. And you are safe. We've not wdghT^hSSui^^fiia^Sd W 5 **-
¦^^ *k1 s -' ? v^v/w» t o buy new goods on the threshold of a season under their worth a relic, not a wreck, not an inferior or imperfect bit of stuff to flnlahed '= covered seam3 i ''«3 «, 5, c. . • . '
Fitted, too, and guaranteed. and it has been the hardest kind of a thing for us to accomplish; show you, and not a handful here and there, but many lines are s P rin 9saie /Vl|«clin i lnrtf*r\\rt*nr
A German lambskin glove /^V^-<^| but brains and time, and money and persistent energy are virtues full. and complete, such as you are not in the habit of seeing- for nowof^ ATlUi>lin UnUcrWcar.
we get direct from the old that are bound to tell. . a month yet. Fact is we've prepared Clowns, drawers, corset covers.
rarntrv Wo haw in vet * 38c for sowns don't mean. .^8f- ! ! -J»
CQimtiy., We na\e to get o^fJ© *i « H ** cents' worth of material and mak-T Especially bouqht
them m big quantities even to sell them for a dol- A jfM « * t^4~ £± V #5 "tf-^-^ 5 1 1 I /TS. ** >T* 1 1 r* *• *~» ing - No! Emphatically no! The , \.
lar. So, to create a big demand for them, /\ U 110,1 ISf OT 3. tlUlllOtl 00113. rS=W^ T\\\ ™ -'" -~ \ ** ""' ""' 1
We'llsell th!Sfirstshipmentat89c /-k* l^ - I x 4- J 1^ J- • ** square; collar and cuffs trimmed with hemstitched ruffle,
if r ddn; know these ,iov CS to'be so stylish and so Of brightest and newest merchandise for this effort. v^
So^^^Vf<^J?^^^ £^ w^' Enou^ h of eveo'thing for everybody. No one will be disappoint- plies. We wouldn't have gone to the trouble of asking you to
oVh C ad7rtaV' r mode ''brown fe«^b^IS *? ° V s r coura^ ed ' If th^ were we ' d miss then i ust what we're come for these good things if we didn't know you'd be so well i^ies- eJbSc^SE^'SS JS&>:-n«r p^nch
sS to 7li ' ' g } ' bIack ~ slzcs after. We want to get more of you coming here for your sup- 1 pleased you'd come back again. That's where the sale helps us. S£ri : StSnl^kYSefflSTtSSgd^wia 1 Si&? a i£! 1 Hi
— • _______^____ . price 193
Spring sale now of n. _, jt «« . ~^ -~— "^~^^^ — — ¦^— —^.^— —^—
60c Table damask for 48c. TheSC OfeSS gfOOdS Offers J^fe^r 5^^^ 133^^^!
Huck toweling 10c. Heavy huck towels 8tfc. . <^ B^^^Pl./ f^^^^^K\ ' 11 HSPSKI) 1
17 inches wide-bleached-a heavy 17 inches wide 32 inches lon*-hem- Will DC interesting readlHg. i
but soft absorbing quality— usually ™ed finely, firmly woven— were 10c— c= * ° m£%Zjfflli t >>*~j2jzZftl& W^lY&%£™*4£*$ir' v\z?®&vt&£K .* . fix/ B
1254c " " ROW . 8 ! -3c- The 15c ones i8x3.=5 inches Yes, you can't find a dull line on this page. We've planned to make March af 1 u W^^fW3^^^^-^m\^f^^^E^^^^^U^fJ')^M
Red damask 29c. -this sale makes them i 2^c. month of unusual O pp OrtU nities-in dress goods as in underwear, ribbons, in ¦ £ *P 9c ' af/ f 1^|#^^^
<Srrinn w/,. nnu, nf n cxtra hea\y quality in the best dye and finish— full 38 inches '.vide — cardinal, garnet, marine, navy, seal, colden _ . " iMimiTfnrn tr* ''^^"iSS^l^aalraJM
y otr 0T brown, myrtle, green and black. Spring sale quotes 45c yard Spring sale now. H^^^^^^S
Men s underwear Black English crepons 65c. Good enamel ware i^^^^
*V^^ Af fioif n *-\r-<* • l*. a. Comes in large puff designs— so popular now for skirts. We bought 10 pieces to sell this spring sale at 65c. •«-. ve>T*v rlipnn nnw B^<§B£3i$j8@ffl
l-- y ndir price — spring weignts, too. aiiii-*4./C tllca P iiuw# v n yV^s^aji
kJs^. ' Why? Became of this i h All-WOOI Menrietta O5C. • Everything you can think"- | [f**g*f
if/J >. . . T? ~ w c k , £s . n . h c; • A fine ' S - 0^' dress y fabric— 45 inches wide, in the leading spring shades of pink, cream, light blue, cardinal, etc. o f an( J every piece good and Specially bought B llSSy^fl
(]' ' \ r ontam i'«; imHpr ft^HprTtn lor 'this sale. r* i j '-". '• !'• O ** P erfect - Sometimes you can for this sale. S •/4SS^3
Li 1 . \ capiain is unaer oraers to 1 r\\r\f&r\ n**«oMii"o cmtmin'c Vp^ . # , . • B //rSrtrwr^a
A- \ offrr special values at the V^OlOreQ graillte SUHlngS O5C. get a teapot, again a pan, 1 § /j®^^
// ) ¦ * . f . t * L ,. , A dollar cloth in style, in worth, in wear. A splendid fabric for street wear. It sheds the dust. \ our wardrobe arrain a kettle under its worth but here VOU |3 //*^iffi^a
—^V / beginning OI the season, SO this men S under- this spring is not complete without a granite cloth suit. All spring colors— 46 inches wide. .... , ., , iCi . ..." .3 /#i3S*SSS
* f X/ ° . ° . ... . . . . " . l:^ i can now get your entire kitchen outfit at lrreg- n /r?S/ar^l
.y Y wear, that is silk fleeced, is 75c — choose from % % « 1 • 1! jj ~ 1 . H /#^S^n9
\\ ./ either pink or blue— a quality that under ordi- fialcS StVlG (JlSlDiaV Ol ular prices. .... • | /i^S^CT
« / . * * *»* a V^ a^ v> ¦ I' Jl^^ V* Ji *_? a^ » v*- t v^ m. — g qt_ saucepan, sale price "Oc m nii?f5*^CTrVa
: \ / narv circumstances you would pay $1.50 for. # . « • j 1^ —5 qt. lipped saucepan, sale price 29c H tt^rL^m.s
\ ' Two ether good things our furnishing irimmCd HatS IS &dmir6U DV manV. -7 qt. lipped sauce kettle 2I C :H luSWS
\ / j „ & .«.*.AJiJiA*.Ji Jl^w^* Jl **-*• »~4w7 Ji4k_7 14VI JI JL * M. JL J *^-«-«- m^j m IO inc h acme lrypan, sale price I»i>c U | V^LrrTt^fjM
/ roods man oners are in 11 6 qt. stove pot, sale price '. one a 1 d>^i ¦ [ I"h
. s<Tjl «~rs*1i to second - noor salon lias 8 qt. steamer, sale price 63c [| l^rrn If fts«
) Men's half hose lie pair. ¦*??%$&£&*„ Al))[\ jfAffiolzk begun to take on a garden-like 10 inch washbowl, sale price ljc §
I ' #i/; '-i?' »ii*v^<-. A A) I///// ') t> j 1 j 11 i 4 Q 1 - covered bucket, sale price .USe 1 , ¦^^¦¦ijwtfgl
/ A hea\ T natural gray wool-mixed quality, and /0)/////j/ •% beauty. Buds here and there have x qt funnel> sale price i.-.c 6 cup muffin pan, sale price...... 22c
M««»^ I,««^1^^^U- * e f^WAy<§§b /gSF^**^'?} been opening OUt. Our millinery 2 qt. tea or coffee pot, sale price ..29c Large size ladle, sale price, 12c
c^;f Men S handkerchiefs 5C. S&<M%&$^&tf /~^y5W<S-fM *J£ffi &%&£&& u - u • k i f^ m f , cli - „.. Cuspidor, sale pnee ...10c ioqt. pudding pan, sale price..... 35«?
f „, . ... , ,, . ,, . ]t , T »Mm^f^.(S^^Tai >^S*»v/^fl^SP ChiefteSS IS back from fasrnon S Dustpan, sale price 17c 10x6 in. spongecake pan, sale price 13e
\y Plain white hemstitched with colored borders. He /»V3gyHH te^fS^^^V^firm ' 0^*/^sBB' centers She brought Scores of Cocoa shaped dippers, sale price.. l?>c 3 qt. Berlin kettle, sale price r.2c
found 325 dozen of the 8 i- 3 c quality which he can sell b^SS^^^^^^'-^WSb t^^mW Centers. 511C Drou ni bCO icb ui fc sale ice lf)e . Windsor saucepan, sale price 42c
at this sale for £ c. \?J^PJffi& 10BBBt^S masterpieces With her. The flat J inch chamb er, sale price 3O« 2 qt . Berlin saucepan, kle price .20c
n ; . , r . . V 4^/S "^ ®5^ Ki4M&H§9' C '< f i«3»sS^ J effects and Shell shapes are vicing 3 Qt. dairy pan, sale price... lGc S qt. Berlin saucepan, sale price.. *Vc
Waterman's fountain pens 05c. Wri-* W •¥&$• 4 'llli )¦ Spvh other w first ohce nxI Wi e r^ Si::: - : S; 2^^
. * -^^ >- 17 agBagffy, y With each Otner lor nrst place. i qt. milk kettle, sale price 2.»c 4-qt. straight saucepan, sale price 44c
Ked'JCed lOr ttllS Spring Sale from $1.50. '*%> Foliage is by far the leading trim- 6 qt. straight saucepots, sale price 20«; 9 qt . dishpan, sale price.. 45c
The stationen- section is overflowing with f — -* " /<^^V /fAx*\^\ ' ming. Roses of course in plenty I hncp ennnnrrpre VVoi * th >2Kc
unusual values now-the first and most impor- | |^>^ Af /^^V^<< %^ with horse-hair braids in abun- HOSC SUppOrterS JC. and 15c.
, tant one is this guaranteed Waterman's pen, * •- gt "^— '' — d Shades? Li ht col _ The notion man has been weeks gathering j
95 c. But maybe as many of you will be interested 2j . , strongly-lpinks and blues in first favor. The cleverest part of some are the dashing effects gotten h ; S March stocks for this spnng .ale. He hasn t J
'pi_» /.+n+iA«aHtr -^flr» K/%-»r * t u*i. r u j m t» « stopped to paney witn anytfung common. : >... . I
1 IllS SLdllOnery 2!/C DOX. Hom bits Of gold and Silver. But you must see them. These Hose Supporters at 7c Pair— Are of good quality clastic with button
• —Hurlbut's old Vienna bond paper and envelopes. 29c. . "TTZ ' '-¦ catch— you'd pay I2j^c and I for them in the regular way.
-60 sheets HaleS wedding cream envelopes to match. 29c. Spring salo f S\+^c*4=k4- C? — — Vn <1 I T V%f\C£* 12^ c f or 20c Hose Supportcrs-LThe satin gored belt kind— with cksi>-car-
Then we'll sell 2 dozen Hurlbut's real Irish linen sheets, paper and cnvel- now. vUFdClo lidl* pi »vV# dinal, blue, pink, orange and black. ; :
opes :. 23c a box oc • *- -- * 7^c for 10c Garter Elastic— Lisle— fancy frilled— colors.
ITc Box— The Aldine unruled paper— envelopes to match. . " 28c for 50c corsets. T Especially bouqht 4c for Horn Bones— A Rood quality. 8 and 9 inches long— I dozen in bunch 4c
15c Box— Le Conte Paris paper and envelopes, 24c each. 38c for T5c corset?. £,,. tfl/s sa /. ' 2 dozen Hooks and Eyes 3c— Perfection kind— with a hump— worth 5c, but
" — ; : ~ 48s for $1.00 corsets* \ "' •{• • this sprinjr sale makes them 3c
Spring sole now of . # /* Sc for the Best Brush-Edge Skirt Binding— of pure mohair, with VA inch
N\f%tii'£*\ finfl niann Hl*5Br^^C And We Ve everybody S SIZe, tOO. a_ corduroy heading— black and colors— : any other time it would be 150— this
XTldil ICI dilU JJldllU UI CipC^, They are no relic3 or wr?cks either— perfect, new L'Aigfon^fcl^c-inste^^^
With Other striking: offers from the art Store. and stylish, and as good money's-worth as you can ever 'ftmS^^^f^ finished with rosette and five streamers with spiked, ends. .
y.jCt- ttp5£y ~ 45C for thc 55C and 65C oncs " expect to get even at 50c, /^cand $1 00 * 'Aclfe^FxI^Sv Spring sale now of
/i§$^^^^Mm< ~-^ <J! C ,™. vaiu« wm^"* biK business this spring - wc'ii have it if b ie . ' v^Ppw 100 piece dinner sets at $7.65. . sioSk
&T "nf* Jrasl here and there are roses, pansics. vio • Sn«fi ve is ? p^> top trimmed _ v,-ith ; lace, run with baby rib- IpV ; • T . V^" : .v ¦ Dozen Cups and Saucers S9c— Plain white ironstone china— worth ordinarilTi
•^^H' %L % l J d~-^*l hern P ° PP "' CtC Sa ' C mskes "- ?o^ ln &"?&SS e &,St f . WiA W \ $i. 3 o-thi S spring sale makes then, • . . .80c
®#?"S\ U r P »« J,r m : IW'V'VAX IOC flnIshedwlth col °™» embroidery. aii-Bize". is t2 30. uppere . ageanQ VT \ .^x^J V 10-Piece Toilet Sets ?4.05— Decorated. The colors are heavily gold stio-
;TlP -*¦— C?4I S^^ Plllow T °P S and Backs 20c — Rrass AT 38c-Corsets sold everywhere every day "for 75c-Pink and blue VLJ1 -jrfSmP' : \ pled
CTl jSi J«aU^n^ 3^% lincn stamped with baskets of violets, w,u t n 't«n trfmrn H Ons i»L n i frontl l dft Ftpols on pach slde > zone Nil }#G$Fs >-i^ 50-Piece Dinner Sets 94..14— Plain white— semi-porcelairi in fancy shapes and
Ba ti d pTn"' 25;"% arC f w - orth 2QC " w'Vi a^"ff S r Uh^^ E n d o K& h ; n o' m^n r Kpi n an e r^ S^P/ #¦ ' /\ «s thin as china-pieces e nou K h for six people. . •
Baby Pillow Slips _.»«•— of fine cam- many more envious. men na PP > ana .r^^7 ¦¦(¦¦ * f \ Cottage Dinner Ssts SK.iJO—sx pieces each— patterned in the nw blues— set
,lM^iM- l Tr' W rtifir one— with pretty delicate embroid- AT 48c-Corsets sold regularly for ll.OO^Black_and of fine imported .'-.arvw^ ;*.',-«•; w,* 1 * V • larpe enough for six people. >yi- : ;
W^S^dJA* crc , d d^ ig " s finis , hcd , with lacc cd K e bus e t! n siik 0 no e 8a on SSSer llll' a o n n ( n r c , h J de , "? f i hr ?S stPf<ls ' b .? ned -y^lk I &^>* - 'X '~M h Dinner Ssts $18.49-100 pieces each-enough for 12 p:rsons-choo3e
'^^^d^!^3^k> and ruffle-actual value 6sc. Sprin S aiV sizes. 1" to sc^ PPer edB0 aml trlmmed silk embroidery,, :/3^k V" frS&^&^M «i. from two decorations, either of which are gold-trimmed.
• ?5y©S55^^5l3S^5^S^ c-ii^ i? "SmI" 25 °- . ' K ¦S^^^Wii EC- These Dinner S^ts S?16.47— have 100 pieces e.ich-are the best scmi-
* Sllk Floss Plllo '** s 1 «»<^ — 16 inches I oHi/^e' on^^USI^IV^U O Hwl ¦^>'?^'/H/ /.M tlV porcelain in the latest shapes— white with gold trimmings.
grc-.S inc!, on« are 20c. and 20 i^SLQlQS 8.t\Cl 011110 S HOSe OC. '''-^SBL^ (J^ /''t' j^L W Tea£3ts i ?-' O:I -44 P ie «s of English scmi-porcelairr in-the fiown blue.
Jpjq]^^ nr^^^^^^mtM.. .- .. jtpwg^gff^C^S^^^^^^^^^^ *}u ff. i(i * * 1( - fc nnpea legs and narrowed nnkles sizos *^ ( Z|*r5!i*'™^^ ** •
. «-u.* Street nea, Sixth, opposite Gofdcn G a ± 2 Avcr:^ | '" Ma^ S^: n^SIxth, opposite Golden Gate Avcnao.