Inquiry which is to investigate the con
troversial points .In Admiral Schley's con
duct during the Spanish War will be
composed of Admiral Dewey, president of
the court, and Rear Admiral Andrew K.
Benham and .one other officer. The court
will meet at the Navy Department in
Washington September 12. ' Secretary
Long announced thesa facts to-day. The
precept to the court, • wfiich is being pro
pared by Captain Lemly, the judge advo
cate general, has not yet been completed.
The scope, of the inquiry will not . be
known until the precept and order for the
convening of the court are issued. It ' is
said that they will be promulgated by. the
department to-morrow. Secretary Long
says, however, that the proceedings of the
¦ An Englishman, you must know, when he
has a grievance goes to the Times of Lon
don. We stockholders took our grievance
- there and the paper took it up. Similar
'action was, taken by all the other English
papers. Huntington decided that he must
1 do something, so he and the Speyers
nominated a committee of their own to
' try and stave the matter off. I was put
. on this committee, but did not like Its
' methods and resigned. Huntington then
1 attempted to pass a bill through Congress
which" if it had become a law would have
confiscated all our stock. This bill was
defeated, however.
Appealed to McXinley.
"In 1S96 the English papers again took the
matter up and the New York papers fol
lowed suit. I was invited to Join a com
mittee in New York to try and settle the
matter, which I did. I came to this coun
try and saw President McKlnley, Secre
tary Gage and many other Cabinet officers
and begged them to recognize the English
stockholders of the Central Pacific. My
Interviews were not without success."
Mr. Morshead says that when the case
now pending In the United States Circuit
Court in this city Is decided he will Jour
ney to London, and should the decision
be unfavorable to his clients Institute pro
ceedings there. He says that a civil case
is much harder to try in an English court
Tells in a Characteristic Manner Story of G. P. Huntington's Financial Deal
ings in England and Claims That He Will Never Give Up 'Contest
; Until/- the : Corporation Is Reorganized on Entirely Different Lines
BARRISTER MORSHEAD RETURNS TO FIGHT
SOUTHERN PACIFIC, AND SHOULD HE LOSE WILL
TAKE CASE TO LONDON COURT OF EQUITY
REAR ADMIRAL SCHLEY'S CLEVER STRATEGY
IN THE SANTIAGO BATTLE NOW FORMS BASIS
OF THE ATTACKS MADE BY HIS ENEMIES
Naval Court of Inquiry Will Be Shown That in Drawing Away From the
Spanish Vessels the Flagship Brooklyn Effectually Cut Off All
Chance for Their Escape by Outspeeding Jhem Toward Cape Cruz
>^ALL BUREAU. 1«S O STREET.
(T X. W., WASHINGTON, July 25.—
\Vj New and Important facts bearing
' upon Rear Admiral Schley's con
duct In the battle of Santiago will
be submitted to the court oV Inquiry when
It assembles In September.
There has been considerable gossip as
to tie reasons which Induced Rear Ad
miral Schley to make the famous loop,
and Captain Cook, commanding the
Brooklyn, explained this morning that it
was Intended t» Bead off the Spanish
fleet. The effect Of the loop was to carry
the Brooklyn farther away from the
Spanish squadron, and then she straight
ened out In a course parallel with the
shore and with the enemy's fleet. The
Viscaya, the ship nearest to the Brook
lyn, was at various times between one
and an eighth and one and three-eighths
miles away from ber pursuer. When the
Vlscaya was left behind the Brooklyn was
five and a half miles distant from the
Colon, and when the latter ship surren
dered ehe vu three and seven-eighths
miles away.
It has now developed that subsequent to
PRICE FJTE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 26, .. -1901;
VOLUME XC— NO. 56.
PRINCIPALS IN THE " SCHLET
; SAMPSON CONTROVERSY. THE
UPPER PORTRAIT IS THAT OF
! GENERAL. FELIX AGNUS.
Captain Lemly would feel hurt to have
it even intimated that he had any. personal
feeling whatever In the Schley-Sampson
matter. In all the time he has been at
the head of the legal department of the
navy, his service dating back to 1S33, he
never has had occasion to pass upon any
question that Involved either Sampson or
Schley ' In any personal aspect.'. . He has
sionally and Is, moreover, regarded as of
a Judicial temperament. In fact, it was
announced early In the day, at the depart
ment, that he had been selected for the
place. But later, on more mature consid
eration, his name was abandoned. It was
recalled that' as commander of the dyna
mite cruiser Vesuvius he had served un
der Sampson off Santiago, and, moreover,
as equipment officer of the Boston Navy
Yard, was now again a subordinate of the
same admiral. In his desire to escape
all criticism on the point of bias, Secre
tary Long felt that there were reasons
sufficient for looking for new material,
and for some man who was absolutely
disassociated from the great controversy
in any phase.
'j Late to-night he decided that he had
found sucji an officer In the person of
Captain Samuel C. Lemly, the Judge ad
vocate, general of the navy, a selection
calculated, because* of the rank of the
office, . to constitute a full recognition of
the dignity and . importance of the forth
coming court "of inquiry. While it cannot
be said that the matter is absolutely set
tled. Secretary Long went so far as to
ask Captain Lemly If he felt free to ac
cept the assignment If it were offered to
him, and it Is believed that Captain Lem
ly will decide to answer affirmatively.
All day Secretary Long was engrossed
In the consideration of the details of the
co.urt, - seeking particular^ for a suitable
Judge advocate. It was thought that such
a man had been found in the person of
Commander John* E. Pillsbury, a sailor
who has the brightest reputation profes-
Of. Admiral Dewey, the hero of 'the
battle of Manila Bay, it is unnecessary to
speak. His record is familiar to all. His
associate. Rear Admiral- Benham, Js a
retired officer. . ,
court will be open and that the widest
latitude will be permitted in the matter of
witnesses" and that Rear Admiral Schley
will , be, allowed to be represented by
counsel.
The accusation and defense will be
brought out before the court. In the
meantime Secretary Long Is seriously con
sidering the advisability of issuing an or
der prohibiting officers of the navy from
publicly discussing the controversy. The
Secretary is of the opinion that in cour
tesy to the court officers choul* withhold
their statements until they haw had an
opportunity of presenting them to that
to«r.
Rear Admiral' Schley explained in his
official report that the reason why the
Brooklyn was kept so far out was because
be was making a straight line for Cape
Crux. The Otlon. well In 6hore. was fol
lowing the coast line, which trom Santiago
to Cape Cruz describes a curve. Thus
while the Brooklyn was following the
chord of the arc the Colon was steaming
along the curve, and the former, having
the shorter distance to go. would thus
have been able to cut her off in ca.se she
had , failed to surrender. Furthermore,
the 'Brooklyn officers say that as- the
chase began to lengthen the Oregon began
to drop behind, and It would finally have
narrowed down to a duel between their
ship and the Spanish armored cruiser had
not the latter earlier turned her helm and
run ashore. . ¦ "- •'. y. ¦:. ,
the battle wardroom officers of the Brook
lyn discussed the reason why their vessel
¦was not t**»" nearer to the Spanish fleet,
where they would have hafl an opportu
nity to use their guns with greater ef
fect. Borne of these officers wrote to their
friends after the battle, speaking regret
fully of the distance separating the
Brooklyn from the ships of the enemy.
MAKE-T7P .OF THE BOARD.
Captain Samuel C. Lcmly to Ba the
Judge Advocate. 2* -': ,
Washington, July ».— The Board of
Rear Admiral Sampson was quoted this
morning as making a severe attack upon
Admiral Schley. The Secretary is anxious
that no further Indiscriminate discussion
shall occur, but that the officers shall wait
until they take the oath.
Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans Is quot
ed this morning as repudiating " an inter
view in which he was quoted as saying
that Rear Admiral Schley was not in pos
session of the signal code. His recently
published book, "A Sailor's Log," however,
bears out his first Interview. In this book,
after telling of his arrival off Cienfuegos
on May 22 and reporting to Commodore
Schley, he says:
"On May 23 I took In 257 tons of coal
from a collier between the hours of 10
a. m. and 6:30 p. m., besides giving coal
to a torpedo-boat. During the night it
was reported to me that there were three
white lights in line on • shore, which I
knew was a signal from the insurgents
that they wished to communicate. I, of
course, took it for granted that the com
modure understood this signal as well as
I did, otherwise I should have Informed
him of its significance. It appeared after
ward that he did not, and thus much val
uable time was lost. On the morning of
the 24th the Marblehead arrived, and the
moment Commander McCalla heard' of
the three lights he went in and communi
cated and in a. few hours Schley knew
that the Spanish fleet was not in Cleru
fuegos." •- > .
> Continued on Page Two.
...Thus spoke William Morshead. the Lon
don barrister, during an interview with ~ a
Call reporter in his rooms at the Grand
Hotel yesterday. Morshead represents the
British stockholders . in , the .Central Pa-r
cific, who purchased their holdings at the
solicitation of, the late\c. P.-. Huntington
way back in 18S3. The English; barrister
Isa fighter, and he has the proud distinc
tion of being. the biggest thorn/that ever
stuck in the 'side 'of the late railroad mag
nate, vwhom he ' fought ] f or years, both", in
the courts of this country and across: the
pond. He arrived in . San \ Francisco '.late
Wednesday evening from Toronto. Can
ada,' and say a, that his .visit, is. to begin a
freth attack in his -.efforts, to secure a re-'
organisation 'of the, entire. Southern- Pa
'clfic! Company. . , -,.'., ... ,....., ...
1 There is at present a case pending, in the
United States Circuit Court growing out
of the absorption of the Central Pacific
pvnx^HE Southern Pacific Companyrwill
11^^ never have a clear title to its
1 1 holdings of Central Pacific stock,
' •'¦*•• on account 'of -'the frauds ¦ that
were perpetrated • by C. P. Hunt
ington." .. ! " ¦ '
than in our American courts. In England
should a lawyer make charges which he
cannot conclusively prove he may render
himself liable to criminal proceedings.
TELLS OF THE CRIME
AND THEN DISAPPEARS
Residents Near Lodi Perplexed Over
- the Queer Conduct of a Bleed
ing Stranger.
LODI, July 25.— The supposed murder in
Pixleys' Grove last Sunday is still . a
mystery. The local officers can *flnd no
trace of a body, though search has been
made in every direction.
A peculiar phase. of the case Is that a
man stopped a few miles south of tho
'grove last Sunday afternoon at Castled
swucn and asked for a drink of water. >
His face bore traces of blood and ho
appeared very weak and pale. He re
marked that he had been. stabbed by two
men who attempted to rob him, but did
not state bow or where tb« affair oc
curred. Since then no trace of the man
has i been found. Some believe that ha
dtftrt'ln the vicinity from loss of blood.
by the Southern Paculc, in .which Mors
head's clients -are the plaintiffs. Should
this case be decided against him Morshead
will pack up and return to England and
commence suit in the Court' of Equity In
London. ¦ ' -.-
Says They Were Duped.
Barrister Morshead Is a peculiar looking
man.. He is about 60. years of age,, ex-
tremely tall • and when -talking nervously
toys' with a" monocle that hangs from his
neck by: a silkeiTcord. He does not mince
words in expressing his opinion of Hunt
lngton's methods of doing business.
. "Huntington arrived in England in 1S80."
said- Mr.; Morshead. ' "It took him until
1883 lio dispose of all the stock -that he
could * get .rid of. He then returned to
¦America.' No dividends were paid on the
stock,' although he had promised us 6 per
cent, • >In" , 1SSS he came" over again and
promised ,to pay. dividends, which. he did
until ISM. .We . only got I per cent, ' and
that was not' earned by the road.-Hunt
trigton paid It out of. his own pocket. In
tho hope that he could 'sell us more stock.
"Even the X per, cent stopped in ISM, and
there 'ensued a big 'agitation in England.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— On account of
timber land frauds discovered in Montana
and Idaho Commissioner Hermann of the
General Land Office has suspended all
proofs made during" the present year un
der the timber and stone act pending con
clusion of the full investigation and in
quiry begun some time ago." This action
applies to all States where Government
timber land is purchased and . involves
thousands of acres. Many large com
panies and speculators, it is alleged, have
had "dummies" as agents make purchases
of these lands from the Government. -
Explosion, Razes Russian Town.
BATUM, July 23.— A terrific explosion of
petroleum to-day in the most thickly pop
ulated quarter of Batum wrecked the
whole center of the town. It is impossi
ble at* the time of filing this dispatch to
estimate the loss of life and property, but
in both cases this is very largo."-.;
Negro ; Shot by a Mob.
VIDALIA, \Ca,, July 25.-Frank « Earle;
a negro, who held up and robbed a com
missary clerk - at Davis Camp No. 2, was
taken from the .town Jail to-day by a
crowd of unknown men and shot to death,'
LAND OFFICE SUSPENDS.
1 ALL TIMBER ENTRIES
BARRISTER MORSHEAD, WHO REPRESENTS ENGLISH- STOCKHOLDERS OF THE CENTRAL PACIFIC RAIL
ROAD, AND WHO DECLARES IF PENDING ACTION, FOR REORGANIZATION OF THE SOUTHERN PA
CIFIC GOES 'AGAINST HIS'- CLIENTS THEY WILL TAKE THE CASE TO LONDON COURT OF EQUITY.
The body was not taken to the Morgue
last night, being allowed to remain at the
family residence.
Young Breckinridge returned to the
city from Del Monte about one week ago.
He had remained at the seaside some
three weeks, but. so far as is known had
met no experience there that would cause
him to think of suicide. He was not and
never had been a lady's man, and was
not known to have had a love affair in
his life, although he was between 22 and
23 years* old. He wall not and never had
been a drinking man. His habits, so, far
as known, were most correct. He
was of *a quiet, retiring disposition, rather
studious in his habits and of the artistic
temperament. He was an accomplished
pianist and a devoted student of music.
Mother Is in Paris.
Whatever physical ills the young man
suffered were believed by the family'phy
sician to be due to failure - to take exer
cise, because that would interfere I with
his musical studies. The young man once
started upon\a. course of calisthenics, but
dropped It because its continuance would
spoil his hands for piano playing.
He did not seem more than usually de
pressed when he came back from Del
Monte. At a little after 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon he was in the kitchen of
his grandmother's home, "joking with the
cook, an old family servant. He must have
gone directly from the kitchen to his own
room and there lay down to die. He Is'
not known to have left any writing giv
ing a reason why a young man in the full
glory of his youth, with boundless wealth
and the world before him, should have
been driven by black despair to leap into
the abyss.
Lloyd Tevis Breckinridge was the. son
of the eldest daughter of the late. Lloyd
Tevis, now Mrs. Fred Sharon. His moth
er is in Paris with her daughter, Miss
Florence Breckinridge, and has^ been
cabled of the, death of her son. •
fact that the Morgue officials, although
an investigation was made at once, did
not report the case in their turn, until 10
p. m. ¦ ¦ ' %
it was not reported. to j the until
8:35 p. m. It, is a still more remarkable
aVemarlta.ble-fa'^r.'tiiat.Vwh&e'.the.'ffaicide
was' discovered at a little before 7 o'qlock.
His Own People Say He Was SufEer
, ing From Fit of Temporary
Insanity.
When ¦ the butler ; in the ..Tevls family
went to call young Lloyd .Teyls Breckln
rldge to - dinner at a. little, before 7-o'clock
last night he found that the door, of the
young man's room was locked. It. was
an unusual circumstance, but the butler
knew that Breckinridge was in the, room,
and, thinking tie ;> had.; fallen asleep, en
tered by another way.
.The servant found the young grandson.
• of the late Lloyd Tevls^dead in his bed.
He was fully dressed "and was lying with
the covers drawnt'over his head. From
one of the gas tips of the chandelier in
the room a rubber tube [used for a drop
light ran down . and ended beneath , the
covers, close to the dead man's mouth.
The body was hardly cold when found,'
and the butler '', at 'once informed the
family. Dr. Drossell, the i physician
whose residence Is nearest to the Tevls
mansion at 1316 Taylor street, was called.
He pronounced the* youngr man dead. The
family physician, ¦ Dr. Glaser, came later,
but, of course, to no purpose. Young
Breckinridge had planned his own death
too well.
Dr. Harry Tevis, the young man's un
cle, could not.be seen last night, nor could
Mrs. Lloyd Tevis, the- only other member
of the family at, present residing at* the
family home, but this statement was
given out for the family.: . •• . .
Statement of Family. . •
"IJoyd Tevis Breckinridge took hi« own
life this afternoon by the inhalation of
gas. He had been suffering for some time
from extreme nervous depression and he,
was temporarily.- Insane when he killed
himself." r ,. ., , : 'i\i'.. •, : ./ : V.*v. . ¦ •¦.' •.-. ¦ .....
That was all- that wouid ;be 'said. It is
Millionaire Dies a
. : Suicide.
Lloyd Tevis . Breckinridge
Grows Suddenly. Weary
of His Life.
Grandson of the Late
AGAIN DEATH
ENTERS THE
TEVIS HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Ail Attempt to Collect Large Fed
' Claimed to Save Been Due Her
X.ate Husband.
BUTTE, Mont., July 25.— Eva A. Inger
soll of Dobbs Ferry, N. T.. widow of the
late Robert G. Ingersoll and administra
trix of his estate, brought suit in the Dis
trict Court her© to-day against several
heirs of the estate of Andrew J. Davis
to recover judgment for $35,000. with in
terest from August 24. ISSfl. for legal ser
vices rendered by Ingersoll during the time
»f the trial of the suit Involving the va
lidity of the alleged will of the dead mil
lionaire, A. J. Davis.
The plaintiff alleges that Colonel Inger
soll was to have been paid $100,000 for his
work, but afterward a compromise .was
effected among the heirs, and the alleged
will was admitted to probate. She says
that only $5000 of the compensation prom
ised Colonel Ingersoll has been paid.
Big "Rod. of Sockeye Salmon.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash.. July 25.— The
run of sockeye salmon has reached
phenomenal . proportions. To-day every
cannery was taxed to its utmost- capacity
and in some instances fish had to be left
In the traps .because of the inability to
care for them. The run is general over
all the fishing grounds of the lower sound.
It is estimated that 70,000 casea of 'fish
were packed to-day of the value of $32»,
000. • • : .
MBS. INGEBSOIilj STIES
DAVIS £STATE HK1KS
"If Serviss* theory Is correct the exces
sive heat being experienced in the East
should correspondingly be felt in the
North Pacific States, as we are under the
Influence of the same sun and situated in
the same hemisphere. The facts are that
the Central West has had a month or
more of temperatures averaging daily
from six to twelve degrees warmer than
usual. The normal daylight temperature
at Portland In July is 66.3. This year it
has been but 62.5."
PORTLAND, Or.. July 25.— Edward A.
Beals, forecast official in charge of the
Portland office of the Weather Bureau,
when asked his opinion concerning Ser
vlss' theory of heat causation through sun
disturbances said:
Forecaster in Portland Rejects tho
New Heat Causation Explanation.
1X>TJBTS SKKVISS' THEOEY. .-
WASHINGTON, July 23^-Offldal re
ports show that the corn belt region con
tinues hot and dry. with no prospects oC
Iminedlate change in these conditions.
Showers have fallen in the northern half
of the corn belt area. since last night, in
cluding Eastern Nebraska, Iowa, .North
ern Illinois, Northern Indiana, and Ohio.
Most of these rains, which generally -wera
light in amount, fell last night. To-day
there were eome_j slight precipitations,
however, which, the forecast officials say.
axe not always conducive to the best re
sults to- the growing crops, as they are
mostly thunder showers, immediately fol
lowed by a hot sun. Showers, it is said,
possibly may occur in - the drought
stricken region to-morroTT/ as they usu
ally are inseparable from visitations- off
intense heat, but no general occurrence
of them is predicted. Temperatures in the
corn belt, while a few degrees lower to
day than yesterday, were again high,
ranging from 95 degrees to> 100 degrees, and,
higher.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 25.— The temper
atures were not so high in Kansas to-day,
averaging about lflO for the entire State.
However, not the least relief has- been
experienced in the drought. The atmos
phere has been very humid and numerous
prostrations are reported from various
parts of the State. The corn crop is in a
worse condition than ever, and It will bo
a surprising thing if one-third . olT a crop
is obtained. Many of the farmers are cut
ting it for fodder.
"- 'highest temperature to-day
was 99 -.degrees. For the
twenty-four hours ending at
'11 o'clock to-night there were
•-" thirty-three deaths and twen
ty-seven '• prostrations from.
heat.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July
- 25. — The maximum tempera
ture to-day was 100. There
were four death3 and twelve
prostrations.
ST. LOUIS, July 25.— The
THIRTY-THREE
HEAT VICTIMS
IN ST. LOUIS
Consecrated Titular Bishops.
CHICAGO, July 23.— An audience of
thousands, awed by the solemnity of the
Roman Catholic ceremonial, to-day wit
nessed the consecration of Rev. Father
Peter J. Muldoon as Titular Bishop of
Tamassensls and auxiliary to Most Rev
P. A. Feehan. Archbishop of Chicago. Car
dinal Sebastian Martinclli of Washington
D. C, acted as consecrator. while two
Archbishops. Feehan of Chicago and
Ryan of Philadelphia; a 'dozen Bishops
four hundred priests and scores of aco
lytes assisted in the ceremonies and cele
bration of mass.
late to-night adopted a resolution reading
Senator McLaurin out of the Democratic
party. The action was totally unexpected.
Senator Tillman supported the resolu
tion, which was offered as a substitute
for a resolution on which there had been
much debate concerning the oath to be
taken by candidates for Congress In the
approaching election to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Congressman
Stokes of the Seventh District. The reso
lution follows : • •.. a «•
Whereas, John McLaurin, Junior Senatprj
elected to represent the State of South Caro
lina in the national CongreM, has by -his
affiliations and votes In that body Ignored 'the
national Democratic platform and thereby mis
represented his State and his* Democratic con
stituency who elected him; therefore, be. it ,,'
Resolved, That It is the sense and convict
tion of the Democratic State Executive Com
mittee that Senator John McLaurin, from the
standpoint "of honesty and self-respect," should
tender his unqualified resignation immediately.
The resolution was adopted by a vote
of 25 to 5. - •.;¦¦'¦ - ¦ ¦¦-. ¦ j
COLUMBIA, S. C. f July 25.-The State
Democratic Executive Committee here
South Carolina Senator
Is a Democrat No "
Longer..
MLAURIN'S PARTY
CASTS HIM OUT
The * complaint charges the directors
with making reports to the stockholders
to the effect that the capital of the bank
was unimpaired when, as a. matter of
fact, it was already Insolvent. After hav
ing .further charged them with having
given. loans to Insolvent persons arid cor
porations without adequate and valid , se
curities, the complaint goes on:
- "That the said directors, defendants
herein, so negligently and- carelessly con
ducted the said bank, and, the buslnesSx
and affairs thereof that the entire capital
a nd i surplus, and . much ' of . the property
and effects •• thereof, I have been lost . and
stock of the ¦¦ said, bank rendered- worth
less/- and the' stockholders thereof ren
dered, liable, for a large sum of money on
account of the. debts of the said bank re
maining unpaid", ••:.'¦ : t'
William E. D. Stokes, who is a stock
holder of the Seventh National Bank, haji
taken out a ' summons in the Supreme
Court against the directors of the bank,
President Thomas and Receiver Raynor.
NEW YORK, July 25.— With the Federal
Grand Jury in session in the investigation
of their affairs, the board of directors of
the Seventh National Bank met to-day
and decided upon a plan for the reorgani
zation of the defunct bank.. The capital
stock Is to be increased from $700,000 to
$2,500,000, and the additional Issue of $2,000,
000 in stock wlllbe sold at $130 per share,
with first purchase privilege to the pres
ent stockholders. The . cash proceeds of
the assessment on the existing stock and
the sale of the new : stock will, it 5 is
claimed, pay all present obligations and
completely restore solvency.
INSOLVENT BANK
TO BE REOPENED
"And I. do further.. declare and 'make
known that the Legislative Assembly of
Porto Rico has enacted and put Into ope
ration a system of local . taxation to meet
the necessitles'of the. government of Por
to Rico." . ; , . - ' •
It recites that the" act of April 12, 1900
(otherwise known as the'Foraker act),
provided that whenever 'the' Porto Rlcan
Legislature has enacted and put into ope
ration a system of local taxation to meet
the needs of the" government and by reso
lution so notified the. President, the latter
shall. issue: a. proclamation and all duties
on goods ¦ passing ' between the United
States and Porto Rico shall cease. ' As the
Legislature has complied with that re
quirement of, the ac,t in terms .set; out in
the resolutions which are quoted in full
in the body of the the: docu
ment says: ' .-..,¦¦- . •
"Therefore. I, William McKinley, Presi
dent of the United States, In pursuance
of., the law above quoted . and ¦ upon the
foregoing due notification, do hereby issue
this, my .proclamation, and do declare
and make known that a civil government
for Porto Rico has rbeen organized in ac
cordance with, the provisions of. the said
act of Congress. .-.¦¦.'- .
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The President
to-day Issued his proclamation' establish
ing free trade Porto Rico ana
the United States and declaring the- or
ganization of a civil government for the
island. The proclamation^ is particularly
formal and only in 'the. body of -the reso
lutions adopted by the Porto Rican Legis
lature does It appear that I the island Is
set free commercially to-day in commem
oration of the anniversary of the plant
ing of the American- flag on" the, . island.
The proclamation Is headed "Cessation of
Tariff— Porto Rico." ¦-...; ' > ' •
TARIFF CEASES
AT PORTO RICO
Some rebuttal i testimony closed the
case, with the understanding that the
Government would have an opportunity
of placing Colpnel Whitney, the State de
tective, on the stand in the morning. ¦ " ,
I At the close of the session Judge Ste
vens, with the counsel for both sides, re
tired to the anteroom, where Mr. Joyner,
for the defense, made a long argument
on the question of his suggestion that the
Judge order a verdict of not guilty. The
result is not known officially, but it is un
derstood that arguments will be made in
the case at the opening' session to-mor
row. , .'../,:¦
the defense, and immediately after her
testimony was concluded the defense
rested. ¦ - . ¦¦ . . . .. • : =
PITTSFIELD, Mass., July 25.— In
the Fosburg manslaughter case
to-day Mrs. R. T. Fosburg, the
gray-haired mother, went upon
the witness stand and told in
simple words how her daughter w;as
killed. Her ' story was given with fre
quently uncontrolled emotion. Her voice
failed her and she shed tears. Miss Bertha
Sheldon, a guest in the Fosburg home oh
the night of the tragedy, was another im
portant witness. By, her testimony the de
fense wished to show that there were
burglars in the house and that they were
seen by little Beatrice Fosburg. -
There was a long argument between
counsel over the Government's objections
to the admission of this evidence, but the
court finally allowed it to go in because
what was said was spoken in the pres
ence of the defendant.*
Miss. Sheldon was relating the story of
her having been, awakened by a piercing
scream and declared that she opened the
door leading to May Fosburg's room and
cried, "What is the matter?" Robert,
Beatrice and her father and mother were
int the rcom at the time. Witness saw
the body of May upon the floor, and at
that instant Beatrice replied, "Burglars
have entered the house and shot May."
Mrs. B. E. Bullard, now of Madison,
Wis., another witness, declared that on
the fatal night at about midnight she
heard two men talking loudly in front of
her house, and that after. they had been
gone about an hour she heard pistol shots
far off.
Mrs. Nellie Beverly of East Cheshire,
who lived in Pittsfleld. testified that her
husband was sick on the night of August
20, and she claimed that he was disturbed
by » the loud breathing of two men who
had stopped running when opposite her
house. She opened the blind and told one
of the men, who was standing by a tree,
to eo away. ' • •
Mrs. Fosburg was the last witness for
"As a gentleman I can't appreciate any
maneuver of the Brooklyn in the battle
on the 3d of July in front of Santiago as
an act of cowardice, although the Brook
lyn, went to port when -trie Teresa, with
Admiral Cervera abroad, tried to ram him
and afterward when I, in the Viscaya,
also steered toward him, fell off 22 de
grees further.
"This maneuver, considering the posi
tion of the other American ships which
were attacking the Viscaya by the stern
and quarter, was a proper one."
NEW YORK, July 25.^-The Journal has
the following from Cadiz. Spain: In reply
to the Journal's request as to his opinion
of Rear Admiral Schley's maneuvers
In the battle of Santiago, Captain Eulate,
who commanded the ill-fated Viscaya, to
day wrote the following:
of the Viscaya.
Opinion of the Spanish Commander
SAYS SCHLEY DID RIGHT.
Rear Admirals Luce, Ramsay, Jouett,
Gherardl and Walker are some of the
names that have been advanced -for con
sideration.
Mr. Long did not formally notify the
officers who had been chosen to constitute
the court of their selection, and he was
disappointed to learn that Rear Admiral
Kimberly, whom he decided upon as the
third member, would ask to be relieved
from the detail on account of 111 health.
He said that Admiral Dewey, with whom
he has consulted, had expressed the opin
ion that Admiral Kimberly's | health
would permit him to discharge, the duties
which he will be required to 'perform.
Should he decline, the Secretary will select
one of the other retired admirals to take
his place.*
On the other hand. Captain Lemly has
known Sampson officially in the Navy De
partment when the admiral was at the
head of the ordnance bureau, and they
thus were thrown into close contact in
a business point of view for several years.
Captain • Lemly was judge advocate of
the Jeanette court' of Inquiry.
The precept to the court probably will
be issued to-morrow. It promises to be a
rather extended statement of the scope
of the inquiry, compared with such docu
ments in less important cases. Whether
it will direct the court to return an opin
ion or simply to ascertain the facts Sec
cretary Long thus far, declines to say.
The precept will contain the detail of of
ficers, who cannot be said to be officially
appointed until It Is promulgated. Rear
Admiral Schley was not formally notified
to-day by the department of the officers
who will, decide his case, but the precept
will be sent to him and it will constitute
his official notification.
known both men, Schley better than
Sampson perhaps. He. was one of Schley's
personal friends when he (Lemly) was
in active line service. He accompanied
Schley on the famous Greely relief ex
pedition and he rendered valuable services
to him on that occasion, which service
the senior officer recognized.
PROMINENT FIGURES IN THE FOSBURG MANSLAUGHTER CASE IN
I PITTSFIELD, MASS., WHERE ROBERT S. FOSBURG IS ON TRIAL, ON
A CHARGE OF HAVING KILLED HIS SISTER. '
•
Continued From Page One.
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 25.— The
Turkish . Government has arbitrarily re
fused to permit the Greek squadron to
visit Smyrna, Salonica and Mount Athos.
Greece sent the usual notification of the
projected cruise, but the Porte declined to
entertain the proposition on political
grounds. Diplomats regard the action of
the Turkish Government in this particular
as illegal.
HEAR ADMIRAL SCHLEY'S STRATEGY
Refuses to Permit the Greek Squad
ron to Visit Smyrna, Salonica
and Mount Athos.
TTTBXISH GOVERNMENT
IS ACTING ARBITRARILY
"I have just received a telegram from
Adjutant General Reese offering me the
aid of the Stete -militia if I need-It." said
Sheriff Magerstadt after his conference
with the attorneys, "but I will not need
it. If a mob of 200 armed men is patrol
ling the streets, as the officials of the
'company inform me, I will swear In a
number of deputy- sheriffs and will pre
serve order at all hazards. However. I
am not going to call upon the militia."
Out at Melrose Park the armed citizens
remained on wstch until assured that the
negroes were not coming, when they dis
persed.
All day the 300 negroes sat in their cars
in La Grange, twenty-eight miles from
Chicago, in fear. A committee of five citi
zens of Melrose Park called on them dur
ing the morning and used their best en
deavors to induce the men to return to
their homes in Alabama. They informed
the colored men of the actual state of af
fairs in Melrose Park, where 300 armed
men were awaiting the arrival of their
train, determined that they should not be
allowed to allarht in the village. Their
statements alarmed the negroes more
than ever, and finally five of them stepped
off the train and made their way into Chi
cago, where they sought an interview
with Chief of Police O'Neil, asking pro
tection which he could not give, as the
trouble was not within the city limits.
In the meantime attorneys for the steel
company called upon Sheriff Magerstadt
and asked that the company, be 1 given am
ple protection against the mob violence
which was threatened.
Attempt to Install Them in Strikers*
CHICAGO, July 25.— <Jeneral Manager
Aertsen of the Latrobe Steel and Coupler
Works, at Melrose Park, gave out a state
ment this evening declaring that the com
pany had abandoned the effort to bring
the colored laborers to Melrose Park and
that they will be sent back to their homes
in Alabama.
Places Abandoned.
An itnpcrtant movement upon the part
of the Amalgamated Association is re
ported to be contemplated in Its effort to
win out in the present strike. It was as
serted in this city to-day that all the ar
rangements have been completed for
unionizing the Riverside plant of the Na
tional Tube Company at Benwood, near
Wheeling. This plant is a part of the
United States Steel Corporation and Is a
most important one, emploving as it does
upward of. 2500 hands. Heretofore it has
employed only non-union men, and, al
though there is an organization in the
plant, no movement has ever been made
to antagonize the management.
The men, except the highly skilled
workmen, ere generally foreigners, and It
is said by a prominent labor leader that
the entire force, or a large majority, is
now ready to cast lots with the Amalga
mated Association.
2TEGBOES ABE TTTBNED BACK.
While McKeesport has been quiet up to
th's time, there Is a feeling of repressed
excitement among the men over the pros
pect of extending the strike to the Na
tional Tube WorkF. The strikers as a
rule do not seem to fear that the Wood
plant of the Sheet Steel Company will be
started for some time to come.
Strike Jtay Be Extended.
Information from HcKeesport to-day
leads to the belief that the big mill of the
National Tube Company in that city will
shortly be involved in the strike. This
, was pay day at the works and two promi
nent members of the new Amalgamated
lodge that was organized there last Sat
urday received notice that they were no
: longer required. It was reported that
other member* of the union got or will
yet a similar notice when they draw their
pay. That this will bring on a conflict at
the mill there ta little doubt, for it is a
blow at the very privilege that the Amal
. gamated Association is striving for at the
other mills of the steel trust.
Up to S o'clock no change whatever had
taken place at Wellsville. No new men
were imported and the mills are still at
work. Developments at that point are
being watched closely by both sides.
Equipped for the Battle.
Regarding the methods being pursued
by the Amalgamated Association in fight
ing the steel trust. It was said by offi
cials of the organisation to-day that their
organization was complete; that they
were fully prepared for battle and had
equal facilities for learning the move
ments of the manufacturers, as they had
for studying their own movements. There
was no need of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation hiring spies for this purpose. They
had clever men In their organization, who
were just as capable of learning all that
was desired as paid detectives. The pres
ident denied flatly the published story
that his mysterious mission to Wellsville
'was to get detectives into the mill In the
disguise of non-union men.
President Shaffer of the Amalgamated
Association was In a more hopeful
mood to-day than he has been
for some • time. He declared, that
be was perfectly satisfied with his per
sonal Inspection of the conditions in
Wellsville and expects no difficulty in
keeping his men Jn line at tnat place.
President Shaffer evinced no surprise
¦when mention wAt made of the criticism
that had been offered by qther labor lead
ers of his bringing on this battle at this
time. He said that' he expected criticism
from many persons, but that it did not
alter his position nor the conviction he
neld that he was perfectly right. .
During this afternoon Organizer Flynn
of the American Federation of Labor was
a 'aller at the offices of the Amalgamated
Association. He held a. Ions conversation
with President Shaffer and set at rest
all etories to the effect that the Federa
tion was not in sympathy with the Amal
gamated Association by saying the entire
organization was ready and willing to as
sist the Amalgamated Association both
financially and morally in . this strike
whenever this assistance was asked.
Attitude of the Strikers.
York on behalf of the conservative ele
ment in the Amalgamated Association,
has failed. Mr. Garland was unable to
6ecure from the steel manufacturers any
terms on which a settlement could be
reached. They would not recede an inch
from the attitude they have taken, hold
ing that the workers' leaders precipitated
the fight, and peace negotiations are off.
At the same time a more powerful in
fluence Is being sought to carry the oliv«
branch to J. P. Morgan. Joseph Bishop.
Becretary of the State Board of Arbitra
tion of Ohio, is working as mediator, It
is learned from high authority, and plans.
it is understood, to reach the combine
people through Senator Hanna. Mr. Bish
op is acting with the approval of the
Amalgamated leaders, and carries creden
tials from President Shatter, explaining
the attitude of the association. There is
little doubt that Senator Hanna will re
ceive the association mediator graciously,
and it is expected he will promise to ex
ercise his best endeavors toward a set
tlement. About his success with the com
bine people much doubt. is expressed.
PITTSBURG. July 25.— The peace mis
sion of Mr. Garland, who went to New
Hope That He Can Induce
Morgan to Arbitrate
the Dispute.
Steel Workers Want the
Senator to Act as
Mediator. • .•
WILLASK HANNA
TO BRING PEACE
"Nothing remains for me but tb main
tain more positively than ever my view
that the decisive thing in tuberculosis is
the tuberculosis center, Huberkelknoet
chen,' which is the pathological mark of
tuberculosis and not the bacillus as such."
BERLIN, July 25.— FTofessor Koch's
statement of his discovery regarding tu
berculosis, as made before the congress
now in session in London, has been re
ceived here with some skepticism among
physicians. Before the regular proceed
ings of the Berlin Medical Society began
to-day the members discussed Professor
Koch's address informally, dwelling upon
the fact • that his present conclusion Is
diametrically opposite to his former posi
tion. Several members pointed out that
his new theory was asserted by him with
as much decisiveness as the old. In the
course of the session Professor Virchow
referred to Professor Koch's address In
the following terms:
Berlin Physicians Skeptical.
King Edward received the visiting dele
gates to the Congress on Tuberculosis at
Marlborough House this afternoon. His
Majesty briefly expressed his keen inter
est in the congress and his hopes of fruit
ful results therefrom.
Dr. Ravenel of Philadelphia gave an in
stance of the infection of ten persona
from tuberculous cattle, but said he con
sidered such Instances to be rare.
James King, a veterinary inspector of
London, spoke before the congress, at
tributing the .large increase in the im
ported meat trade to the rigid inspection
of home-killed cattle, and said a meat
salesman assured him that the losses from
condemned carcasses were so great that
the British dealers were forced to buy
Imported meat. Mr. King dissented flatly
from Dr. Koch's belief in the non-trans
mission of bovine tuberculosis to humans,
and urged the adoption of stringent meas
ures In this respect to insure the health
fulness of imported carcasses. He also
urged a Government compensation for
cattle destroyed under its orders, in order
thoroughly to stamp out tuberculosis from
British herds, where, he declared, it was
alarmingly prevalent.
Professor MacFadican discussed the
grrounds on which Dr. Koch based his be
lief, contending- that they were either not
well founded or had little bearing upon
the question, and he submitted arguments
to prove that the strongest grounds re
mained for regarding milk from tubercu-,
lous cows as distinctly dangerous to hu
man being's.
Instances of Infection.
Professor John MacFadican of the Roy
al Veterinary College read a paper on
tuberculosis bacilli in milk as a source of
tuberculosis in man. He said that until
Dr. Koch had declared himself in this
connection to the contrary it was sup
posed to-have been fully proved that hu
man and bovine tuberculosis were identi
cal diseases.
LONDON, July 25.— Presiding at this
afternoon's session of the British Con
gress of Tuberculosis, Earl Spencer,
chancellor of the Victoria University and
a vice president of the congress, severely
criticized Dr. Robert Koch's theory to the
effect that human beings were immune
from contagion from tuberculous cattle.
Earl Spencer said he hoped this was true,
but that he hoped more that the dissemi
nation of such views would not tend to
cause laxity on the part of the dairymen
and cattle owners, or less vigilance by
the authorities charged with protecting
the consumers of milk. The speaker earn
estly trusted the congress would not in
dorse the view that It was unnecessary
to take measures to prevent the trans
mission of tuberculosis from, animals to
humans.
Give Specific Instances of
Disease Transmission
From Cattle.
Congress of Tuberculosis
Delegates Remain
Skeptical |
COMBAT KOCH'S
LATEST THEORY
AGED MRS. FOSBURG TELLS IN BROKEN
SENTENCES OF HER DAUGHTER'S DEATH
\-.v — r~
No Signs of Weather
Change in Parched
Corn Region.
Temperature Slightly Lower,
but Still No Relief Is
Experienced.
LIGHT SHOWERS
DO LITTLE GOOD
Voice Fails the Mother of the Pittsfield Prisoner and She Sheds Tears
While on the Witness Stand— Miss Sheldon's Testimony Tends to
Prove Burglars Killed May Fosburg and Were Seen by Little Beatrice
FIRE SWEEPS
VAST TERRITORY
Reduces Dwellings and
Large . Sawmills to
Ashes.
Occupants of Homes Burned
Barely Escape With
Their Lives.
DAVENPORT, Iowa. July 25.— Fire laid
waste an area, of sawmill and residence
property here to-night equal t» twenty
ordinary city blocks and caused a loss, of
1700,000, The flames started in some big
pile* of . kindling wood belonging to the
Rock Island Fuel Company, on the levee.
A brisk-breeze carried- the - flames directly
across the immense lumber yards of Wey
erhauser &, Denkmann, which .were, soon
seething masses- of -flamer'*,The spread i of.
the fire was so rapid that the workmen
:barely had.time_to leave the yard,, some
• losing their coats and dinner paljs.* T.he
.flames pushed their .way into /the adjoin
ing residence district, closely.. settled with
'middle class homes, of an average valuer
of a few thousand ' dollars - each, from
which the occupants escaped only with
their lives and the clothing -on their
backs. Over fifty homes, were- thus
burned, some of them tenements, result- "
ing In a hundred families being rendered,
homeless. The fire was. fought heroically
.by the fire departments of Davenport
and Rock Island and Moline, EL, the lat
ter cities responding promptly to an ap-.
peal for aid from here.
The efforts to check the flames were
unavailing until they spread on the north
to the spacious grounds of St. Catherine's
Hall, a boarding school for young ladles,
which was saved after the tower was
burned off. Gradually the battle waged
on the edges of the flaming district told
as the less thickly populated portions of
the city were invaded, and by 10 o'clock
the conflagration was under control. The
mill and yards of the Weyerhauser &
Denkmann Company were totally de-
Btroyed. Loss $400,000. The loss on resi
dences and other property is $300,000 more.
MA2TST CABJXOTALS ASPIRE i
TO' SUCCEED fllPE LEO
Peeling Prevails That a General Con
clave Will Be Called to Meet
• : Shortly.
ROME, July 25.— Although the Pope Is
In excellent health, the feeling prevails
at the Vatican that a meeting of the Col
lege of Cardinals cannot be far off, and
there Is no secrecy that the candidates to
the Papacy are making elaborate prepar
ations for this conclave. One of the chief
characteristics of the next conclave, ac
cording to a high prelate, will be the large
number of candidates for the chair of St.
Peter. Whereas, after the death of Plus
IX. there were only three candidates
whose chances for the Papacy were se
rious, to-day half the sacred college as
pires to the chair, and a first scrutiny is
expected to show six or seven Cardinals
are favored for the pontificate.
Those who are well informed anticipate
a deadlock and the ultimate selection of
an outsider who has not yet been men
tioned. . /
PHENOMENAL STOBJI
BAGES TN LONDON
Thunder Accompanied by Sail and
Lightning Damages Crops in
Surrounding' Country.
LONDON, July 25.— A phenomenal.thun
derstorm, accompanied by hall and inces
sant lightning, raged for a., couple of hours
in London this ! af ternoonl- streets
were turned into rivers. The water, over
flowing the sidewalks*, .entered dwellings
and poured down every opening. The un
derground railroad was flooded and trains
were stopped.
The storm flooded 7 Mrs, Langtry's new
theater,' the Imperial. A number of pub
lic buildings were damaged. The crops
in the country surrounding London .were
laid low and the telegraph wires torn
down. Several suburb transportation lines
are temporarily blocked as a result of the
downpour, the water in some cases reach
ing over the footboards ef the trains.
BITR.GIJ3lR'S ALLEGED STORY.
Affidavits That May Materially Aid
the Accused Man.
NEW YORK, July 25.— Captain Titus,
chief of the New Tork city, detective
bureau, to-day forwarded to Chief of
Police Nicholson and District Attorney
Hammond of Plttsfleld. Mass., two af
fidavits concerning the Fosburg case. The
first affidavit is made by Alice Dugan,
who says that she, is a housekeeper on
East Forty-second street, this city. She
says that a girl named Handiside • of
Springfield, Mass.. who Is living. with her
now, told her about three weeks ago that
a man named Lew Gray and another man
visited the house of the Fosburgs on the
night of the 14th of August, 1900.- and
found a revolver on the table and that
one of them shot a girl and escaped.
The second affidavit Is made by the
Handiside woman, but signed by "J.
Gray," the last name being that of the
man with whom she had been living. The
affidavit contains the allegations given
above.
? '
Appointed Military Governor.
MANILA, , July 25.— Captain Harry A.
Smith of the Fifteenth Infantry has been
appointed Military Governor of Lag-una
province, Luzon. The establishment of
provincial government In this province
has been deferred .until next February.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 26, 1901.
2
, The plaintiff In one of Newport's numer 1
ous divorce suits testified the other day:
"The trouble between; my husband and
myself began the day , before ', we - were
married."' <;•'• ' ¦..;'" ~-"... *_-*,-.v
Special Excursion. * - : ;
The Santa Fe. will sell round-trip tickets to
Stockton on Saturday, July 2"th. Limited to
return Sunday or Monday. You can buy one
for f2.00.- f:
Best Boutes to the Yosemite Valley
Are via the Southern Pacific*
Choice of three old-esta-bllshed stage
routes, -with largest and best equipment.
Big tree groves en route. Rates low as
any, with or without hotel or camp ac-
commodations en route and in valley. Full
information and literature €13 Market
etreet and Mechanics' Pavilion. - J \
I A clean-up in hatsf
H For three days,' to-day; to-morrow and Monday, we will have a ¦
¦ clean-up sale in our Hat Department., All the odds and ends ranging ¦
a from $1.30 to $3.00, comprising all shapes and colors in Derbys, Fedoras. ¦
¦ Graecos/ Golfs, Crushers' and Alpines, .will be ; sold for 65c. a
? We announce the sale for three days, bat maybe the hats will not I
H last that long at the extraordinary price of • i/^* r,-- •-.,•• H
I * All the ; odds and ends in straw hats, comprising those formerly at B;
•H $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 and $2.50, will go for 50c. H
' S3 ; ¦ j. : '• -'¦'• '"¦ jv ¦ /••- ¦¦• .- - ¦ ..... _S " '¦' ¦ JhSteamer Strikes on Nehalem Bar.
TILLAMOOK, July 25.— The > small
steamer Louis 'E,' which, plies between
Tlllamook andiGaribaldi, went on the spit
of the Nehalem bar to-day and seas broke
over her. ; G. ' H. Wheeler and Joe Rich
ardson were on aboard and. had a narrow
escape. ., It is - expected ¦ the steamer ¦ will
tret off to-nlsrht. .;/'•.; r''- ; ?' : ,'
Ministers at Garfleld Park.
. SANTA CRUZ, July 25.— The Ministerial
Association at Garfleld Park convened
this morning, with the Rev. J. J. Morgan
of Woodland presiding. The Rev. J. D.
Butler of Willows, the Rev. S. S. Murphy
of Geyserville and the Rev. H. W. Pow
ers of Butte City were appointed on the
press committee. An address was
given this morning on "The, Theory and
Practice of Organization in the Early
Church," by S.; R. Hathaway of Santa
Clara. F. .W. Dowling of Pasadena read
a paper, on "The Ideal of the Fathers of
the Current Reformation I and Develop
ments Since that Time."
Santa Rosa Light System Sold.
SANTA ROSA, July 25.— A deal was con
summated last night in this city whereby
the Merchants' Lighting Company of San
ta Rosa disposed of its entire plant and
business to the California Central Gas and
Electric Company. The California Central
has a franchise to run wires through So
"noma and othet counties. The new con
cern will take charge in a' few days.
Pif teen-Year^Old Lad Disappears and
a Sheriff Is. Now After
¦;¦¦•:: Him.
.'¦SAN JOSE, July 25.— Hugh Senders, the
15-year-old son of C. J. Sanders, left home
yesterday morning to seek his fortune in
China. This he had declared confidential
ly to his companions was his purpose. He
took his father's horse and buggy, and
Sheriff Langford has been asked to locate
The lad left about 4 o'clock in the morn
ing, and when his parents arose they
found a note on the sto.ve saying he had
left for China. He had a rifle and revol
ver and a few dollars with him. .
TAKES FATHER'S HORSE
FOR A TRIP TO CHINA
»Wife of a Santa Barbara County
Clergyman Is Probably \ -
Fatally Injured.
SANTA BARBARA, July 25.— While
driving to Santa Barbara this , evening
from their home in Goleta, Mrs. Johns
ton, wife of the Rev. Dr. Johnston, and
her little son met with a serious accident.
; As they neared the Hollister-avenue
crossing of the railroad a train was
passing and their horse became frightened
and wheeled, dragging the vehicle into
one bank and I throwing the occupants
against the opposite bank.
Mrs. Johnston sustained injuries which
her physicians think will prove fatal. - -
MOTHER AND CHILD
HURLED FROM A BUGGY
Manager Taylor Gives \ an ! Expla
nation, for the Falling Off in :
the Earnings.'
SACRAMENTO, July 25.— The State
Board of Equalization had an uneventful
session to-day, the only road which had a
statement to offer being the Pajaro Valley
Railroad, represented by its manager, J.
M Taylor. The statement showed that
for 1900 the total earnings were $88,339 91,
while this year the earnings were $68,
755 08.
Taylor explained that the falling off in
net earnings was due to the fact that the
road is now getting down nearer its regu
lar basis, a large part of the showing a
year ago being for material carried for
the construction of the Watsonville and
Spreckels sugar beet factories.
EQUALIZERS CONSIDER
PAJARO VALLEY ROAD
PACIFIC GROVE, July 25.— Great en
thusiasm and an unprecedented attend
ance marks this year's session of the Pa
cific Coast Chautauqua, and although the
assembly is scarcely begun the work Is
going on with a vigor and Interest rarely
seen in any previous session. ,The classes
and schools, opened yesterday, were regu
larly organized for work; to-day. One of
the hiost - interestfiiigv of J these classes Is
that. for normal training in nature .study,
conducted by Mrs.rC. Woodcock of -San
Francisco. -..-¦¦. ¦.. . . ¦. : . '.
The Epworth League - convention just
closed In San Francisco was well repre
sented here to-day, two of the best known
orators of that gathering being among the
speakers at this convention. Dr. Joseph
M. Buckley of New York and Dr. Ward
Beecher Pickard of Cleveland, Ohio. Dr.
Buckley's subject to-day was "The Circle
of the Sciences." » ¦¦ ¦ >.
Large Number of Members of tlis
• Organization. Gather at Pacific
¦ ' - . ' Grove.:. : < -¦ -. ....
CHAUTATJQUANS MEET
NEAH THE SEASHORE
ST. LOUIS, July 25.— In the Circuit
Court to-day suit was brought to restrain
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition Com
pany from using Forest Park as a site
for the World's Fair to be held here in
1903. The petition, which is fllod by Henry
H. Edwards and John F. Bergman, presi
dent and vice president of the Working
men's Protective Association, claims that
the ordinance is a gross violation of the
charter and the rights of citizens.
Oppose Site for the World's Fair.
Mr. Kruger'a arrival at The Hague is
connected, the Daily Express believes,
with the rumored peace suggestions.
and six wounded. General French's col
umn in Cape Colony is gradually pushing
the Boers northward.
"The rumor as to early peace negotia
tions which has pervaded the House of
Commons for some days," says the Dally
Express,*- "has taken the .more definite
form that Emperor William is soon to as
sume the role of peacemaker. Mr. Kru
ger and his advisers are represented as
having empowered the Kaiser to act for
the Boers, and he Is considered willing to
take the initiative in order to popularize
his relations with the German people,
who disapprove his friendship for Great
Britain. Something apparently Is on foot,
whether Emperor William Is in it or not."
¦^^APE TOWN, July 25.— A fight Is
nf reported -to have taken place be- v
(L .^. 'tween Jamestown and Lady Gray,
'^^^ in . Eastern Cape- Colony.
Fouche's commando attacked 100
Connaught * Rangers, but scouts from
Aliwal North appearing, the Boers re
treated, apparently believing the scouts
were strongly supported. The Boers are
said to have lost heavily.
LONDON, July 25.— General Kitchener
telegraphs to the War. Office that Colonel
Barratt's column surprised a Boer convoy
near Reit^burg last Sunday and captured
twenty-five prisoners and some wagons.
The British casualties were two killed
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I . ¦ ¦' . ¦-;¦• — ~ • - ¦„•-' ' .
Falls Back on the Approach of Scouts From Aliwal North and Its Losses
Are Said to Be Heavy-— General Kitchener Reports the Capture of a
Burgher Convoy With a British Loss of Two Killed and Six Wounded
The hotel was owned by L. R. Mead,
bookkeeper at the Risdon Iron Works in
San Francisco. -He is at present in Mon
tana. ¦ . • ¦
The San Franciscans who were guests
at the hotel when the fire occurred are:
Mrs. S Burns, G. A. Johnson, L. F. Stock
and Mrs. Stock, A. Kleinert. M. Moody,
F. "W. Winters and Mrs. Winters, Mrs.
M. Green. Louis B«arwald, John Filza,
William Foberty, M. Lynch, Edward Leo
pold, W. D. Burk. High Marks, I. L. Blum
and Mrs. Oscar Miles. Senator Cox and
his wife of Sa'cramento were among the
other guests. ¦
Besides the main building there were
also destroyed tfie ice plant, ome 1 cottage
of twenty rooms, the' large laundry and
several small outbuildings.' The valuables
belonging to the guests were in a safe in
the office and were not injured.
Fortunately, the progress of the fire was
retarded sufficiently t^ enable all of the
guests to reach the ground.' Those who
were ill were removed to cottages by.at
tendants. .The personal effects of many
of the hotel patrons furnished fuel for
the flames. The loss Is roughly estimated
to be about $100,000, and is fully covered
by insurance.
The cause of the blaze has not been as
certained, but it is thought that it started
In a defective flue. The first knowledge
that the house was burning came to a
guest who detected. the odor of smoke in
a corridor and heard the fire crackling
between the walls. Instantly , an alarm
was given and guests rushed pellmell
through. the halls and down the stairs to
the several exits. Patients in the sanita
rium which formed a portion of the prin
cipal structure were carried out and were
soon made as comfortable as possible in
distant cottages. There was no lack of
effort to save the : belongings of the
guests', but the blaze, made its ruinous
way with surprising rapidity, and few ar
ticles could be removed- in time, j Employes
of the hotel, assisted by scores of guests;
strove desperately • but futilely to beat
back the destroying flames. The building
was of. light material and in a few hours
was a heap of ashes. * . = ,
ANTIOCH, July 25.— The well-known
hotel and sanitarium at Byron Springs,
In Contra Costa County, was burned to
the ground this afternoon. A large num
ber of the guests . had narrow escapes
from serious Injury while endeavoring ' to
crowd their way to places . of safety.
There were more than 100 persons stay
ing at the resort and probably' half the
number were in the main building: when
the flames started in one of the rooms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Loss Estimated at About One
Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
Flames Destroy Costly
Buildings at Byron -
Springs.
GUESTS LEAVE
BLAZING HOTEL
BOER COMMANDO ATTACKS CONNAUGHT
RANGERS IN EASTERN CAPE COLONY
Don't You .Want to ;
J.otn the Santa Fe excursion to Stockton'Satur
day. July ,27th? ¦- You, can * return .Sunday- or
Monday and it will onfy: cost you $2.00.'-
50c a Fair for Ladies'" Shoes.
50c ..will buy . to-day and to-morrow a
good pair- of ladies'.* shoes or 'ties at the
factory sale of shoes, 717 Market St., near
Third. . , ' i •
MILWAUKEE, July ; 25.-The Grand
Lodge. Benevolent and Protective Order
of Elks, adjourned : to-night to meet in
Salt Lake City on: the second Tuesday in
August, 1902. ; ; ¦.;,-.. " •',.;
Elks Will Meet in Salt Lake.
burton, mother of W. F. Warburton, \rho
was sentenced to San Quentin about a
month ago for the murder of Matthew
Riley, dropped dead at her home here to
night. The cause of death was heart
disease. Mrs. Warburton was 50 years old
and a native of England.
Drops Dead at Her -Home.
SAN RAFAEL. July 25.-Mrs. War-
aged resident of this city, is making every
preparation for the approach of the grim
destroyer and proposes that his remains
shall be deposited in a manner to suit his
own ideas. To that end he has purchased
a lot in the cemetery and is having a
marble vault built there, in which his
body is tobe placed In a slanting- position,
nearly upright, in a hermetically sealed
coffin. McCue desires his remains to be
thus preserved so that he can be seen by
his relatives or friends if desired. Mc-
Cue is £4 years old.
Santa Ana Man Makes Peculiar.Ar
rangements for His Last nest
ing Place. -
SANTA ANA, July 25.— John McCue, an
WANTS FBXENDS TO SEE
HIM ASLEEP IN DEATH
Of Interest to People of the Coast!
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The following
pensions were granted to-day: California
—Original— John P. Boughton, San Diego,
$6; Albion Dickinson, Armona, $6; Wil
liam H; Main. San Francisco, $6; Robert
Callihan, Rohnerville, $6.. Increase—An
drew J. Hudson. Oakland, $12; Barney
Shanker, Downey, S10; Myron Chamber
lain, Monrovia $8; Charles Howard. San
Francisco, $10; Isaac R. Mclhtosh, Veter
ens' Home, Napa, $12; Rufus C. Vose,
East Oakland, $12; Stogdell Ausley, Smith
Flat, *12. Widows— Charlotte M. Hilton,
Los Angeles. tS. War with Spain—Orig
inal—Little B. House, San Francisco, $10.
Oregon— Original— John* R. McCalla,
Baker City, $6. . , ¦ .
The pOstofflce* at -Castle Rock, Morrow
County. Oregon,'- has been -discontinued.
Mail should be ysent to Willows, Gilliam
County.
; The following Postmasters have been
commissioned: California — Frank E. Pow
ers, Rayneta;- Robert -Graham, Clear
Creek. Oregon— Fritz C. Mitty, Empire.
Prominent Los Angeles Dentist Loses
; \.'-~ His Heart to an Employe of
the Van Nuys.
LOS ANGELES, July 25.— Dr. G. H.
Krieschbaum, a prominent dentist here, is
to be married early next month to Miss
Helen A. Wright, the head waitress at the
Van Nuys Broadway Hotel. Dr. Kriesch
baum has been boarding at the Van Nuys
for some months and fell In love, with the
fair damsel who guided his steps in" the
dining-room. Miss Wright Is a remarkably
handsome young- woman. : • .
the drouth in the Middle .West, and dur
ing- the past two days there has been an
unusual demand for green' fruit. Not
only this, but buyers are seeking the
orchardists and paying # the prices de
manded. Prices are going up. It is Im
possible yet to state the prices and the
increase, as the sales are scattered and
the condition was inaugurated but yester
day. . •
The demand is for all kinds of fruit and
vegetables that will stand transporting
East. All the local shipping agencies are
buying spot cash fruit on Eastern orders
and rushing It to Kansas City and Omaha.
Prices have varied, but it is probable that
the increase thus far . has been about SO
per cent. It will be greater as the growers
realize the conditions that influence the
market.. i >' * .
• ¦¦¦-
FALLS IN LOVE WITH
THE HEAD WAITRESS
Buyers From the Parched Middle
West Make Large. Demand for
' Green Products.
SAN JOSE, July 25.— The fruit growers
of Santa Clara County are profiting by
SAMTTA CLARA BUSHES
ITS FBUIT TO KANSAS
The transport Seward Is in distress and
will have to be towed to Puget Sound.
Her boilers gave out and It was found im
possible to make repairs in the north. The
transport Warren was to start from
Nome with the Seward In tow on July
16..- Both vessels unloaded cargoes for the
Government and are well on their way to
this city.
The steamer Ruth," which was crushed
in the^ ice in Golcvln Bay in June, is com
ing to Seattle in tow of the steam schoon
er Brunswick. The Ruth is badly dam
aged. , '. .
A report came by the Nome City that
the British steamship Buckingham Is in
trouble at St. Michael, having, been
jammed in the ice, but the extent of. the
damage is not known.
SEATTLE, July 25.— The steamer Nome
City arrived to-day from Nome. Tbe pas
sengers report a rich strike in the Fair
haven district, ninety miles north of
Nome, and say a stampede has occurred
from. Nome. The Bluster district is still
frozen, and it will be some weeks before
the miners will be able to commence
sluicing. The Kougarock district is also
backward, and 1500 men are in Teller City
waiting for the season to open. About
$500,000 has been sluiced from winter
dumps near Nome.
Discovery in Fairhaven
District Causes a
» ¦¦ - ¦ .
• k -
NOME MINERS
RAGING NORTH
; \V. F. Johnson, a prominent rancher
from the Cuyama district, was the -first
-to give out any definite Information, stat
ing that he had been approached in re
gard to granting the new company a
right of way over his land. In all proba
bility it will connect with the Pacific
Coast Railroad, which now operates be
tween San Luis Oblspo and Los Olivos.
and will also be extended down the valley
to Guadalupe, to connect with the South
ern Pacific. ¦ , :. . • :
»,- Who the promoters of this new ' road
are cannot be • learned. It Is - surmised
they are acting- for a ' private company.
while others believe It to be a branch of
Clark's Utah Short Line. . The distance
of the proposed new route from Bakers
field to Santa Maria Is 110 miles. ,;.-•.-
As far as can be learned, the men have
already practically secured a right of way
for the entire length of the route, except
from one or two- parties. The operations
are to begin within sixty days and the
road is to .be completed in three years.
The securing of the right of way and, -in
fact, all movements pertaining to thia
new project .have been conducted with the
utmost secrecy. -Tiller'and McPherson re
fuse-to divulge anything pertaining to the
scheme, neither denying nor'afflrming the
report. •
SANTA MARIA, July 25,— W. D. Mc-
Pr.erson and J. C. Tiller, wtoo have been
looked upon here..as mining men, prove
to be railroad surveyors for a new road
which Is to extend from Bakersfleld
through the Cuyama country with an out
let into the Santa Maria yalley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦7— • -' V
Railway Men Secretly
Projecting Line Out
« of Bakersfield;
GAIN RIGHTS
FOR NEW ROAD
Shortly after their arrest Cota decided
to turn State's evidence and made a con
fession to the effect that he and Gonzales
went to Ruiz's house at night and while
he engaged Ruiz in a game of cards Gon
zales hit him over the head with a rifle,
felling- him to the floor. Gonzales then
flred a shot into the prostrate body and
poured coal oil over it and set it and the
building on fire, previously ransacking
every ncok and corner for money.
The testimony given to-day related
chiefly to the movements of the two men
before "the hour of the murder. The trial
will be resumed to-morrow.
On the morning of April 25 it was dis
covered that the roadhouse of Ruiz had
been destroyed by fire and his charred
body was found in the ruins. Gonzales
and Cota were suspected of the crime.
They were arrested at- Fresno the day
after and had articles of Ruiz in their
possession. "f-i
HOLL1STBR, July 23.— The trial of Jose
Cota and Juan Gonzales for the alleged
murder of Antonio Ruiz at New Idria last
April commenced in the Superior Court
to-day. The clerk's table was covered
with grewsome exhibits, among them be
ing the fractured skull of Ruiz and partly
burned ¦ i ragmen ts of his clothing. There
were also a money sack, found where
Gonzales Is alleged to have hidden it, and
a package' of ' money containing two of
Ruiz's Mexican dollars, shipped by Gon
zales from Mendota to his own address
at Fowler.
"Special Dispatch to The Call.
Grewsome Exhibit at a
Murder Case in Hol-
lister.
BROKEN SKULL
IN THE COURT
PERSPECTIVE OF NEW RAILr-
WAY STATION BUILDING TO
BE ERECTED AT NILES.
GALLOPS AWAY
WITH THE GOLD
pM-eHS above drawing shows how the
II new railway station at the town
I of. Nlles vtll look when completed.
JJL The building formerly used as a
depot, a dilapidated affair. Is being
tern down.
The order to construct the new build-
Ing Is another evidence of President Hays'
progressive policy. The station Is design
ed on the old Spanish renaissance" style
and will be most handsome. The roof
has the old-style tiling and the yard
around the station will be laid out with
palms and ferns, making a cheerful and
restful chance to the eye of the tired
traveler.
The station will have large and com-
Cool Bandit Robs Gam
bling House in Ari
:; zona Town.
The robber is supposed to be Chicon,
who is a fugitive from justice in Arizona
and who Is supposed to be a partner or
Burt AJvord, the train robber. The rob
ber rode west from Naco along the bor T
der line of Mexico and is supposed to
have crossed the line on his way to the
Sierra JUadre Mountains. There was over
$1000 in the sack, representing the win
nings of the gaming tables at the Big
Adobe gambling house during the night.
Several men pursued the robber and he
kept them at a distance by firing at them
as he rode slowly out of the camp. No
trace has been found of him.
He then grabbed the sack of money,
backed to the door and mounted his horse.
As he was mounting- Crockett fired sev
eral Ehott at him and the bandit returned
the fire, but none of the shots took effect.
"I'll take care of this."
TUCSON, Ariz.. July 25.— Dave Crock
ett's gambling house at Naco, known as
the Big Adobe. Tras held up yesterday
morning by a desperado, who came into
the new border town just as the house
was closing. Crockett was putting his
money in a sack to place It in the safe
when the bandit walked In and throwing
his six-shooter down on Crockett said:
Special Dispatch to The CalL
The new station will cost $10,000 and will
be comoleted in less -than three months,
it is thought. The de» f gns of the station
were drawn up in the draughting depart
ment of the Southern Pacific in this city,
under the supervision of J. D. Isaacs.
•There were rumors' circulated that the
site for the station was not agreeable to
many of the residents of the town. Man
ager Herbert, who was there-yesterday,
however, has telegraphed Manager Krutt
schnitt that although he had spent some
time trying to find out who were dissat
isfied with the site he has been unable to
find any such.
fortable waiting rooms and offices. The
baggage room will be exceptionally large,
owing to Nlles being a transfer point:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX.L, FRIDAY', JULY 26, 1901.
Structure Will Be in the Style of the Spanish -Renaissance, With Spacious
Offices for Employes, Waiting Apartments and Extra Large Room for
. ¦ Baggage and Will Probably Be Completed in About Three Months
NEW RAILWAY STATION TO BE BUILT
AT NILES BY THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
3
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.^
HAEB WON'T FAIX OTTT
.¦'^(- t : — —
If You Kill.the Dandruff Germ With
th^» Mew Treatment.
John N. Fuller, a well-known citizen of
Colfax. Wash.', says: "I had dandruff so
bafily that It caked on my scalp. Herpicide
completely cured me." George H. Me-"
Whlrk of Walla Walla, Wash., says:
"Herpicide completely cured me of a bad
case of dandruff of thirty years' stand-
ing:" They took the only really sensible
treatment, a remedy that destroys the
dandruff germ — Xewbro's Herpicide. Stop
dandruff, hair won't, fall out. but will
grow naturally, luxuriantly. Allays itch-
ina instantly ur.d makes hair glossy and
soft as silk. At druggists. One bottle
will convince any doubter of Its toerlts.j -
I DR.* GREEN, Specialist. I
I CISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY CURED, f
j| tmmx Epreckeli Eti'din?, Rooms 118-419, W
(£) Office Hours: 13 A. M. to 3 P. M., 7 to 9 P. M. £) j
® Sund«y», JO A. M. to 2 P. M. ®'
RRFTQI-ri7Q FOR barbers, bak-
LJ£\kJ OXlJUtfO *^5. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner?,
flyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
kfcneers* printers, pahiters, shoe . factories,
¦U-blerr.en. tar-roofers, tanner*, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
B «-ush ManuTacturers, G09 S3cr3.-n3nto St
lili 111 lift'! 0 C^ IF!^® "i H^^^^r -^s^* lit 111 -i 111
Td-fmorrow night will end our sale of suits and overcoats
at^$6.6^. Precisely at eleven o'clock, when, the store closes,
the sale will end. .Monday morning you will have to pay the
former prices for the clothes.
Until that time you can get a good, all-wool cheviot suit or
an all-wool covert box overcoat for $6. 65\ the former price being
from $8.50 to $12.50 in the suits and $10.00 in the overcoats.
The former prices show what values you are getting^ Re-
member, too, that the clothes are union made and bear the
label to prove it. They are guaranteed by us— we will repair
them free any time when brought in. If you are not satisfied
wjth the. purchase return the clothes and get your money
We do notwish to speak too enthusiastically of the sale,
for even now we may run short on the sizes before to-morrow
night.
We suggest that you call before 6 o'clock Saturday, for
after then you are sure to. find the store crowded*. It has been
so every time we have closed a popular-priced sale.
Odds and Ends in Boys' Suits
To make room for new fall goods now arriving, we have
gathered up odds and ends from our spring and summer stock $i^is
and are disposing of them at $2.55 r a suit, regardless of former- (t*W
They comprise Norfolks, Russian blouses, sailors, vestees /l$m JS sfffev,
and' two-piece suits, which sold all the way from $4 to $8; any /lj|?Mf|i lil&tm
one of the suits now for ' ••. /fljljMli jlflll'A
Exchanges readily made or money back if you are not hor- flPFffl ' W\
oughly satisfied with the suit and convinced of its value. < **lia®lj $
Boys' blue and brown overalls, ages 2 to 17, 25c a pair. I %|ImIW
Girls' blue and brbwn overalls, ages 2 to 10, 45c a pair. v|f||ijf/
Boys' shirt waists. 1 ages 4 to 11 years, 25c each. ;• i|j|j|
Boys', blouse waists, ages 3 to 8 years, all colors, 25c ea h. ll|f
Boys-' and children's straw hats reduced — every hat from y^c y. ' a^Ilp
windows will al- |bJ # %/&/fl B sf 1| g^ra (J* m)T\ ders fllled— write
ways prove inter- *# Tsl |[Wl || || | §1 §9 'a« us for anything in
estingr, whether you # \ y ". w «^^ W \j* men's or boys* cloth-
' ne'sd^clothes, hats •* * * ' ¦ * J x^ ing, furnishings or
or/furnishings. 7ig Market Street. " . h *ts.Sun, Motm and Tide.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 25— Stmr Majes
tic, from New York, via Queenstown.
Sailed July 25— Stmr Bohemian, for New
York; stmr Dominion, for Portland, Me; stmr
Parisian, for Quebec and Montreal.-
LIZARD— Passed July 25— Stmr L'Aquitalne,
from New York, for Havre. ;
ANTWERP— Sailed July 25— Stmr Neder
land, for Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 23— Stmr Ger
manic, for New York.
ROTTERDAM-Sailed July 25-Stmr Staten
dam, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FRIDAY. JULY 26.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are -given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th?
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
• ... _ ¦
Steamer Movements.
Plunged to His Death-
CHICAGO, July 2o.-John IS Collins, 53
years of age, said to be a son of Admiral
Collins, plunged fourteen stories to hla
death in the Masonic Temple here to-day
He was caught between the elevator and
the shaft and fell 200 feet to the'base
ment. He leaves a wife and child and two
brothers in California.
REDDING, July 25.— Some unusual com
plications have arisen over the arrest of
two young men on three counts of dyna
miting trout in the Sacramento River.
Patrol Hale was arrested Thursday, on
complaint of tHe defendants for effecting
an alleged illegal arrest. The first time
Hill and Scott, the alleged dynamiters,
were arrested . they were taken in Siski
you County by Hale and brought to Bed
ding and placed In the Shasta County Jail
before !a warrant of arrest was secured
here.. •. - \ . . ' .
Say the Arrests Were Illegal.'
Samuelson rode a few laps around tha
track to get warmed up. Then pushing
his wheel high up on the steep sides of
the saucer, he save the word. He went
across the line fairly flying. The first lap
was ridden In 13 seconds flat. Tue
watches showed 26 seconds fpr the auar
ter. . •
SALT LAKE CITY, July 25.— The on*
mile unpaced bicycle record, which has
stood for three years, was broken on tha
Salt Palace saucer track to-night by "W.
E. Samuelson of Provo. Utah, a young
and comparatively unknown rider. The
record established by W. W. Hamilton
on the Chutes track In Denver In 1898 was
1:55 4-5. Samuelson rode the distance on
an eight-lap track in 1:53 2-5 under rather
unfavorable conditions, little squalls of
wind blowing across the track occasional
ly and making difficult pedaling on the
steep sides of the saucer. Samuelson In
riding the record-breaking mile also
clipped two seconds off the world's half
mile record of 55 seconds, but aa h.e was
not riding for this, the record does not'
stand. •• . . - ¦
Breaks Bicycle Record.
New York '• 0 1 4
Brooklyn , 5 11 0
Batteries— Matthewson and Warner; Kitson
and McGuire.? Umpire — Dwyer.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. .
MILWAUKEE, July 25.— Timely battins by
the home team won the game from Boston to
day. Attendance, 1600. Score:
R. H. E.
Milwaukee 6 11 4
Boston ¦. 3 9 8
Batteries— Reidy and Maloney; Winters and
Schreck.
CLEVELAND. July 23— Cleveland was un^
able to do anything with Nopa' pitching to-day
and fell an easy victim to the visitors. Score:
R.* H. B.
Cleveland , i 5 3
Baltimore 5 s 1
Batteries— Dowllng and Yeager; Xops and
Brosnahan. .
CHICAGO, July 23.— The Chicagos won to-day
by hitting Lee in the opening* innings and by
their perfect fielding. Attendance. 210O. Score:
'¦"•- •. " ¦ *. . ..: -,-. - R. . . H.- E.
Chicago ««?*-< »,.>•.©.
Washington 7.... 1 -7- -3
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; '-Lee and
Clarke. . <' '.-
DETROIT, July 25.— Owing to the bl-centen
nlary celebration with its industrial j parade
this afternoon to-day's jjame was called at
10:30 a. m. Both teams fielded well, but the
locals were more fortunate In placing their
hits. Attendance 1000. Score:
• ¦ . K. H. E.
Philadelphia 3 " u 0
Detroit 4 7 1
Batteries— Plank and Smith; Miller tand
Shaw. .
NATIONAL LEAGUE;
ST. LOUIS, July 25.— Harper held Chicago to
two hits to-day but rank errors let in two runs
The fielding on both sides was very poor. At
tendance, 1500. Score; . • . -
R. H. - E.
St. Louis 5 7 '6
Chicago 3- -2 .3
Batteries — Harper and Heidon; Eason and
Kahoe. Umpire— Nash. j V
PITTSBURG, July 25.— Pittsbnrg succeeded in
taking a series from Cincinnati to-day for the
first time since 1897. The crippled condition of
the visitors was largely responsible for this
result. Attendance, 1700. Score: - ...
R. H. E.
Pittsburgh 9 13 1
Cincinnati » 5 g 1
Batteries— Poole and O'Connor; Guese and
Bergen. Umpire — O'Day. ...
PHILADELPHIA, July 25.— Philadelphia'
played oft a postponed gune with . Boston to
day and made it four straight victories over
the visitors. Nichols was hit quite freely. At
tendance, 3225* Score: \ \ .
R. H. E.
Boston — 3 6 2
Philadelphia ..: 7 11 . 1
Batteries— Nichols and Klttredge; Townsend
and McFarland. Umpire — Emslie.
NEW YORK, July 25.— Kitson of the Brook
lyns shut out the New 'York team, which made
only one scratch hit.. Matthewson pitched a
good game after the first inning, mlsplays being
responsible for four Brooklyn runs. Attend
ance, 4100. Score: ¦ v
" ¦ ' . ¦ R. H. E.
EASTEBM" BASEBALL.
"I have heard no dissentient voice. One
and all agree that there are enough peo
ple in California to appreciate the peculiar
charm of Camp Reverie— an intellectual
atmosphere that makes itself felt more
by a quiet refinement t>f manner in the
people than by actively intruding abstruse
subjects or great thoughts on those who
go away, for rest and enjoyment. Plenty
of fun, hilarity even, without roughness
or crossing 1 the danger line; a place, in
short," said Mrs. M. J. Keller,, wife of
Oakland's merchant prince, "where young
people are safe."
Last night the campfire, which had been,
allowed. to go out for a few nights during
the platform performances of the Ama
teur Dramatic Club, was resumed and a
large company gathered to listen to an
excellent programme. Eugene Del Mar
read "A Splendid Silence" with most dra
matic effect. Mrs. H. G. Crafts, the or
ganist of the Presbyterian church of
Oakland, played the "Rondo Capriccioso,"
by Mendelssohn, and the "Skylark," by
Leschetizay. Miss May Sadler of Ala
meda, who has been making a short stay
at the camp, has a contralto voice of rare
sweetness and power and has been very
generous In using it for the benefit of tha
guests. Miss Sadler sang "Absent." by
Metcalf, and .' "There, Little Girl, Don't
Cry," and was encored on the latter.
Mrs. Alice Cramer sang several beauti
ful solos and Mrs. Mary Flske told of
camping In the Rockies, relating thrilling
and personal adventures and hairbreadth,
escapes from wild animals and Indians
during the time of the Green River mas
sacre. This morning Professor Lemmon
gave a most interesting talk on Califor
nia trees, particularly those in the vicin
ity of the camp and the Russian RiveF
Valley.
CampfLre Scintillations.
CAMP REVERIE. FORESTVTLLE.
July 25, 1901.— Among the arrivals at Camp
Reverie yesterday were Professor Lem
mon and Mrs. Lemmon of Berkeley, who
are loved and honored throughout the en
tire State for their faithful work oa tha
flora of California. They were charmed
with the beauty of the spot and the nov
elty of the plan on which the camp was
founded. "How long have you been
here?" asked Mr. Lemmon of a San Fran
cisco society lady. "Six weeks," was the
reply, "and I have found it an ide«*T*nm
mer. There - is no resort in Califor-"^
nia like it, and I have tried them all. Its
motto is indeed a true one, 'la all Califor
nia no place like this.*"
Close Finish, for Second Place Fur-*
*' nishes the Excitement of the
Day.
CHICAGO; July 25.— The Cadillac of De
troit won to-day In the Canada cup trial
races. Milwaukee of Milwaukee was sec*
ond; Detroit of Detroit, third, and Illinois
of Chicago, fourth. The Orion of Mil*
waukee started but did not attempt to fin
ish.
There was nothing in It but the Cadillacs
so far as first place was concerned. She
led nearly all the Tray and after taking
the lead had no competitors, finishing six
minutes and ten seconds ahead at the sec
ond boat. The race of the day, however,
was between the Milwaukee, Detroit ana
Illinois for second place. No finish aa
close as. that of the three boats has ever
been seen in a yacht race sailed near Chi
cago. ¦" -. ¦ ¦
GADILiLAC WI3TS THE
BIG LAKE YACHT EACH
Steamships Will Carry Them Down Coast to Destination, Where They Will
Be Used* in Building the Railroad From That Point to Quito-— Loaded
Into the Vessels by Means bf a Wire Cable Laid From Shore
CHARLEY HERR
WINS EASY RACE
Jockeys Injured in : a
Mix-Up on St. Louis.
Results of the Racing on
the Courses in the
'. 'East./.
SENATORS WIN
IN THIRTEENTH
Sensational Baseball Is
\ PlayedatiRecreation
ti :". Grounds* -•
Pitchers Are Seen - at Their
Best and j Support Is
X - Splendid. ' •
fr Sacramento 2," Oakland 1.
' Notnlnir less than thirteen full "innings
for the money. The regular Thursday
crowd at Eighth and Harrison streets
feaw baseball yesterday that penetrated
fhe cariac linings and left the pop-eyed
fanatics wondering when It would end.
The sustention of interest was. continuous
Sand when the Dudes picked up their bats
iand went home one run on the short end
ihey'felt that luck was "against them.
Hodson engineered the curves for-Oak
fend and Stricklett did box work for Sac
ramento. During the thirteen pulsating
rpasms both pitchers displayed a
strength, steadiness and coolness that
j^ad an old world tinge to it Stricklett
struck seven Dudes out of the game and
tillowed but nine hits. Hodson was so
Strong that only seven Senators presented
*ree transportation passes to the scorer
tor registration. , And so it was. The
pitchers had it out by themselves and,
backed by splendid support, the best game
of the year ran an honored old age career
before death came. The diamond scrap-
Ing was so full of interest that even such
» thrilling incident as the toppling over
Of Babbitt by a cranial shot from Strick
lett's gun was of mild interest to the fans.
More than ten seconds were counted on
the change Dude pitcher, after which he
was replaced by Sloskiman.
• In the fourth inning Courtney crossed
{he rubber for Sacramento. Until the
Eighth not another run was registered,
but then Streib, on a double and a fur
ther move on the bag line by Eagan s
sacrifice, scored on the throw in of Dun
teavy's fly to Doyle. The balance swung
£ven, and four extra innings were neces
sary to throw the beam toward the cap
ital.
'¦ The culminating stroke cam© in this
manner. Hanlon, who had previously
struck out three times, found first base
on an honest hit. The middle station was
purloined and the third stop came on
beveraux's clever sacrifice. Then Mc-
Laughlin uselessly rolled out a two-bag
ger and Hanlon walked home. The Dudes
gave the Senators a bit of a scare in the
last half of this inning, when Moskiman,
after two had been entombed, hit the ball
wer to the left field fence for a two
bagger. Hodson. who followed, flew to
Francks and the game was done. The
score: — .
; • OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
th-ensan, c f 4 0 2 10 0 0
Lohman. c 2 •¦ 0 1 0 7 .3 0
Streib, lb 6 1 2 0 18 0 0
Eagan. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 1.1
Dunleavy. L f 5 0 0 0 1 0 0
Francks. 8. s.... 6 < 0 1 1 4 8 0
Arrellajiee, 2b 4 0 0 15 3 0
Babbitt, r. f 3 0 10 10 0
Hodson, p 6 0 10 17 1
Moekiman, r.> I.:.... 1 . 0' 1 0 0 0 0
*.• Totals. ..Al 1 9 - S 39 22 2
i* i. . SACRAMENTO.
£ . . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, s. s 4 0 0 0 5 3 2
McLaugfalln. . L f 6 0 2 0 0 0 0
Courtney, 2b. -...2 4 1 1 0 5 5 0
Poyle, ,r. f 5 0 10 4 0 0
Etricklett, p....;.....i< •" 0 1 0 ' 2 7 0
Stanley, c... 4 0 0 0 7 3 0
Hheehan," 3b 5 0 10 13 0
McGuekeh. c. f...... 4 0 0 0 lO'O
Hanlon, It). ...:..'.. ...-5 • 1 '1 1 14 1 0
j ; Totals .../...41 2 7 1 39 22 2
' : > '-RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
£acra*O£nt9 —0- 00 1 OO.O-OOTIO 0 1 — 2
Base hits...O 0 0 10 2 0'0.,0~l"l 0.2— 7
Oakland- 0 00000010006 0-1
Base hits...l 10 1 11-1 10 0 0 1 1—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Hodson 1, Stricklett X.
Two-base hlts-^Francks, Streib. McLaughlin,
Moskiman. Sacrifice hits— Lohman 2, Stanley,
Eagan. McGucken, Dunleavy, Devereaux 2.
Firet base on errors— Sacramento 2, Oakland 2.
First base on called balls — Sacramento 3, Oak
land 5.- Left on bas^s— Sacramento T, Oakland
15. Struck out— By Hodson 3, by Stricklett 7.
Hit by pitcher— Babbitt 2, Lohman. Double
plays— Francks to Arrellanes; Shee"han to
Courtney to Hanlon. Time of game — 2:30. Um
pire—Graves. Official scorer — McFarlin. . "
Los r Angeles :"Wuas;
LOS AKGELES. July 25.-Whalen was
hard to hit in. the first part of the game
and easy after the sixth inning. Hartwell,
outside ¦ of disastrous wildness, pitched
fine ball and earned his victory. Score:
LO6 ANGELES.
• . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, r- f 4 0 I I ' « 0 0
Reitz. 2b 2 1 1 0 J 4 0
Hutchinson, lb 3 1 0 0 13 0 1
Householder, c. f... 4 1 2 « 1 0 0
Bowman. 1. f : 4 0 0 0 10 0
C. KeHly, Sb 4 0 16 1EO
Spies, c 3 12 0 4 3 0
Kelly, e. e 3 110 4 4 1
Hartwell. p 4 0-2 00 2 0
Totals .....31 5 10 1 27 18 2
]' >';¦ ' : SAN FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, c. f 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
ttildebrand, 1. f 3 1 ¦ » • 1 2 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 4-0 1 0 2 1 0
PabEt, lb 3 10 0 7 10
Krug, s. s S 0 1 0 2-2 2
•Xordyke. r. I *. 2 0. « 0 1 0 1
J. Reilly, 3b 4 « 0 0 1 0 0
flraham, e ? « 0 ' fl T 1 1
Whalen. p * « 0 0 1 2 0
Totals 2> J ? 1 J4 7 4
, » RUNS AXD HITS BY IKJyIN'GS.
Los Angeles 0 C 0 0 0 1 1 3 •— 5
Base hits 16101214 •— 10
Ean Francisco ••! © fl O 1 0 O 0 — 2
Base hits. » 0 I 1 0 1 0.0.-0—3
;.. . v •¦ SUMMARY.'. . !
' Rnns responsible for— Whaien 8. Hartwell L
Three^Tiase hits — Schwartz. Householder. Sac
rifice hit — Kelly. First base on errors — San
Francipco 2. Los Angeles 1. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 5, Los Angeles 3.
Left on bases— San Francisco 6, Los Angeles 7.
Struck out— By Whalen 5, by Hartwell 4. Hit
by . pitcher— Krug. Wild pitches— Hartwell 2.
Time of game — 1:50. Umpire — Levy. ,
GBEAT DUAL TROTTING
RACE DECLARED OFF
The Abbot Is in Wo Condition to
Meet Cresceus at Brighton
Beach-
CLEVELAND. Ohio, July 23.— Trainer
E4,.Geers this afternoon announced it
*'ould be impossible to get The Abbot in
condition for the race with Cresceus at
Brighton Beach on August 15. and the
race had been officially declared off.
On August 15 Cresceus will go an exhi
bition, mile at Brighton Beach to beat the
world's record held by The Abbot, and on
August 17 he will go for the wagon record
of 2:05 1-5, also held by The Abbot.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 25. — The
fourth day of the Cleveland grand circuit
races was characterized • by ideal ''racing 1
weather,- the best contested race of the
week and a record-breaking crowd. The
2:07 class trot was the magnet that called
15,000 people within the gates.
There were only three starters, The
MonK, Kingmond and Charley Herr, Di
rectum Kelly being drawn before the
race. The Monk won the first heat in the
slow time of 2:13. In the second heat The
Monk led to the stretch, when Charley
Herr came on fast . and won by half a,
length, and In the third heat Charley
Herr fairly romped in in an easy manner.
Summary:
2:23 class pace, purse $2500— Star Pugh won
first, fifth and sixth heats in 2:1L 2:12%. 2:14%.
Plenty won the third and fourth heats in 2:10%.
2:13><i. Helen D won the second heat in 2:03?4.
Harry Logan, Dainty Queen, Bunce Jr., Charlie
Downing, Stanton \Vllkes, Colonel ! Baldwin,
Thornway, Broden, Rajah, Daisy G and Frazier
also started.
2:12 clas3 trot, purse $2500— Onward Silver
won third, fourth and fifth heets in 2:10%,
2:12%, 2:12. Cornelia won the first and second
heats in 2:11, 2:12. Dolly Dillon. Phoebe On
ward, Maggie Anderson, Alice Barnes, Belle
Onward and Gazelle also started.
2:07 trot, purse J2500— Charley Herr won the
second and third heats in 2:09, 2:10%. The
Monk won the first heat in 2:13. Klngmond
also started. , . '
2:27 class pace, purse $1200— Billy H won two
straight heats in 2:11%, 2:10%. John R." Potts,
Carnot, Shadow Chimes, Ethel Brown, James
Alexander, Reckless, Cambria Maid, Dagmar
Muscovite, Zella Wilkes and Unnamed alio
started.
BJJNNINQr THE PONIES.
Results of Thursday's Events . on
Eastern Tracks.
ST. LOUIS, July 25.— At Delmax Park
to-day Toad Ralney fell just after round
ing the clubhouse turn In the second race
and Fregenae- tumbled over' him. Jockey
O'Neill escaped unhurt, but Jockey S.
Johnson's collarbone was broken and he
was badly injured internally. Summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Taby Tosa won. Miss Dora second. Lady Brock
way third. Time, 1:09%.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling
—Staff won, Irving Mayor second, Mrs. Gran
nan third. Time. 1:23%.
Third race, one mile and a. sixteenth, selling-
Las Para won, C. P. Jones second, Arbitrator
third. Time, 1:52.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling— La
Desirous won, Grantor second, Ben Frost third.
Time, 1:29.
Fifth race, one mile- and twenty yards, sell
ing—Boots won, Zaza second, Lomond third.
Time, 1:45%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Randazo
won. Revoke second. Horseshoe Tobacco third.
Time, <l:15>4.
NEW YORK, July 25.— Brighton Beach sum
mary: .
First race, five furlongs— Zirl won, Fugherta
second. Step Onward third. Time, 1:00 3-5.
Second race, "six furlongs — All Gold won,
Kinnikinnic second, Himself third. Time, 1:13.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth — Ani
mosity won. Eloim second, Lady Chorister
third. Time, 1:47 3-5.
Fourth race, Seagate Stake, • one and an
eighth miles — Gold Heels won, -Bonnlbert
second, Vitelllus third. Time, 1:52 2-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Disadvantage won.
Hyphen second. Ascension third. Time, 1:13.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Dolando won. Fatalist second. Gold Fox third.
Time, 1:45.
BUFFALO, July 25.— Fort Erie summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Annu won,
Lady. Sliver second, Maltese Cross third. Time,
l!U%. - - -¦¦'•*•
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Pride
of Surrey won. Barricade second, Skye third.
Time, :E5%.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Manga won.
Lady Hayman second. Award third. Time,
1:14%
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing—Filibuster won, Bellecourt second. Little
Tom Tucker third.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — Lemuel
won. Silver Chimes second, Vivia I third.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Oconee won.
Royal Salute second, Infelice third.
BUTTE, July 25.— Raining; track heavy. Re
sults:
First race, pacing, 2:25 class, two In three—
J D won, Tim Burna second, Lady Ammon
third. Best time, 2:21Vt-
Second race, six furlongs — Nlmrod won. Ab
bylelx L second, . Auriffera third. Time, 1:17.
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Alary' s
Garter won. Devereaux second, Ned Dennis
third. Time, :57i4'. . .
Fourth race, six furlongs— Mountain Queen
won, Jim Hale Becond, Kitty Kelly third.
Time, 1:15.
Fifth race,- five furlone« — Shell Mount won,
Pirate Maid second, Pepper Sauce third. Time,
1:03.
Sixth race; one mile — Old Fox won, Rio Chico
second. Sweet Voice third. Time, 1:44%.
CHICAGO. July 25. — Hawthorne results:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Muresca
won, Harry Wilson second, Santa Teresa third
Time, I;UH.
Second race, six furlongs — Seeuranca, won.
Pupil second, Josephine B third. Time, 1:18%.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Crest
won. Flaccus second, Miss Ransom third.
Time, 3:57»i.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs. Com
petition stakes — Abe Frank won, Doreen' sec
ond. Commissioner Forster third. Time, 1:12.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Henry of Frans
tamar' won. Educate second, Refueee third.
Time. 1:32.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing: — Prince Blazes won, Oxnard second. Knight
Banneret third. Time, 1:56.
DETROIT, July 25.— Windsor results:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Cormorant won. Dynasty second, Lady Kent
third. Time, l:22y 4 .
- Second race, one. mile, selling-— Pacemaker
won. Tea Gown second, Edna Gerry third
Time, 1:43.
Third race, mile ' and an eighth— Charley
O'Brien won, Enghurst second, Rushflelds
third. Time, 1:55%.
Fourth race. City of Straits stake, five fur
longs — Nellie Waddell won, Fannie Blazes sec
ond. Insolence third. - Time, 1:02%.
Fifth race, six furloncs— Velma Clark won,
Myrtle Van second, Bengal third. Time, 1:14%.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs — Ed Roth
won, Irish Jewel second, Rotterdam third.
Time, 1:21%.
SHAMKOCK II IS BEADY
FOR. HER OCEAN". TRIP
Will leave for " America at Ten
O'clock on Saturday i
Morning 1 .
GOUROCK. Firth of Clyde, July 25.—
The ocean, rig of the Shamrock II was
completed to-day/ Her stores are all
on board and the challenger could start
for the other side to-morrow, but in def
erence to habitual superstition her depar
ture will be postponed until 10 o'clock Sat
urday morning. The interior bracings of
the challenger are most thorough, with
the Idea of withstanding the worst pos
sible weather.
_ . . "*¦ , Elapsed
start Finish.. Time.
Constitution 11:25:45 6:24:18 6:58:31
Columbia 11:25:20 6:21:53 6:56:28
' NEWPORT. R. I., July 25.-Tb,e Colum
bia to-day. In a rattling thrash to wind
ward from New London to Newport, gave
the Constitution a great beating, the lat
ter finishing a good third of. a mile astern
of her antagonist and being defeated two
minutes and five seconds. The victory
was surprising, for the race was sailed in
weather that as a rule has just suited the
Constitution, the wind ' never exceeding
twelve knots and the sea comparatively
smooth. : • .-.
It was not until Newport was reached
that an explanation of her 'real good
drubbing could be given. The Constitu
tion, following right in the wake of the
Columbia, the leading yacht in the big
sloop, class, struck ttwice in a ledge near
the Race Rock lighthouse. There was a
substantial bump on each occasion, and
after this accident the Constitution be
haved like a lame duck. All her old-time
smartness was lacking. Her speed was
diminished, and she sagged off to leeward.
Mr. Duncan, who is in command, said this
evening ,that he believed some of. the
plates on. the leaden keel were wrenched
off byjthe force of the impact of the hard
rock and that these plates from the finish
acted, as a drag on the yacht and mads
her incapable of showing her usual rac
ing form. -Adiver Was sent down shortly
after the Constitution was moored to
night, but he was unable to make a satis-'
factory examination, and Mr. Duncan de
cided not to race the boat further until
she has been hauled out. and opportunity
given for a thorough investigation.
' The Columbia had the best of the, start
to-day, but had it not been for another
streak "of ill-fortune the Constitution
would have crossed the line first. Two
boats got in her way and she was forced
to gybe to clear- them.
After passing the Race Bock the Consti
tution showed an inability to point or sail
fast, which was very astonishing to those
who have watched her from her launch
down to date. The Columbia, beautifully
handled In the dead "nose-ender" from
Race Rock to the lightship, got the Con
stitution under her lee and kept her there
to the finish line. About fifty tacks were
made between Race Rock and Brenton's
Reef, and many miles of blue water were
wasted in the keeping of the Constitution
blanketed. -
Following is the official time of the two
90-f ooters : ...
Columbia Sails in Thrashing
Style, Beating the Old
.' Cup-Winner.
Struck the Ledge Twice
Near Race Rock
Lighthouse.
CONSTITUTION
LOSES THE RACE
The. serenity of the Occidental Hotel
was sadly disturbed last evening 1 by on©
of the guests indulging in the pastime of
beating hl3 wife. P. ReynaJ, who arrived
on the Mariposa Wednesday, was the
guilty man and he made things tropical
around the hostelry for a while.
Reynal Is the son of one of the leading
officers of the Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany of New York 'and has been touring
the world with his wife. On his arrival
In the city he proceeded to paint tha
town. Yesterday his brain was In a very
muddled condition and he proceeded to
look for trouble with his wife. He landed
several right hand swings on his faithful
spouse, and, as was to be expected, she
objected strenuously. She also screamed
for help, and several bellboys and clerks
rushed into the room and grabbed Reynal,
He was taken downstairs and a husky
bartender sat on his chest until tha polica
arrived. . .
Officer Conncll responded to the call and
Reynol was put to the indignity of being
arrested and taken to the City Prison*
There he was charged with disturbing th<j
peace, ana up to a late hour last night ht»
had not secured bail. V
. t -v '¦¦-¦¦ ¦ ¦ *
After Painting the Town He
Tries to Decorate His
Spouse's Eyes.
P. Beynal Creates Scene
at Hotel and Is
Arrested.
BESTS HIS WIFE
AT OCCIDENTAL
FORTY MILLION FEET OF RAILROAD
TIES TO BE SHIPPED TO GUAYAQUIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY; JULY 26, 1901
FROM SEATTLE.
' - The steamer Peru sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with- a general cargo valued at
$1S3,26O manifested and destined , as follows:
For China, J12O,S37; Japan, $40,069; Manila,
$9564; East Indies, J2879; Korea, $351: The
principal exports were as follows: . . -
» To China— 1640 gals, beer, 841 lbs beans, 4"cr
bicycles and sundries, 5 cs, 210 gals brandy,
1500 tt>s butter, 2150 lbs codfish, 146 cs canned
gopds, 1241 Tbs cheese. 3. bales dry goods, 1918 ;
pkgs- drills and sheetings, "5H~bXs fruit, 8635
bbls ¦ flour, 1938 pkgs groceries and provisions,
6163 lbs ham and bacon, 27 pkgs leather, 17
pkgs machinery, • 3120 lbs dried peas, 6000 i lbs
pearl barley, 12 cs rubber goods, 115 cs.- 2 pkgs
salmon,- 4800 lt>s ; salt, . 4 cs, 150 gals wine.'-;
To Japac— 1680 gals beer, 1943 lbs butter, 43
crs bicycles and sundries, 150 lbs cheese, 133
csj canned goods,*; 100 bales raw cotton, ' 1400
lbs dried fruit, 625 bbls Hour, 350 pkgs groceries
'and provisions, 1483 lbs hops,- 92 pkgs = leather,
4031 • pigs . lead, 25 pkgs machinery, ,. 1450 kegs
wire nails, 60 bbls oak extract,' '• 8 cs rubber
goods, 50 cs soap, 45,000 lbs soda ash, 40,060 lbs
tan bark, 800 bdls wire, 266 gals whisky, 258
gals. wine.- - .'•' ¦ - ;.~-'-<<-- : . >. *¦
To Manila— 1900 gals beer. '1750 lbs bread, 800
lbs ¦ coffee. • 9 'cs canned goods, 14 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 1167 tbs ham and bacon, 10 cs
liquors,. 15 cs photo goods, 25 pkgs paints and
oils, 39 kegs rivets, 11 cs shoes, . 10 : cs type
writers, 224 .pkgs steel and r iron, .; 599. gals
whisky, 211 . cals wine. .' <. ¦ - . -> j-
To East Indies — 2 pkg-s .leather, 363 ,cs canned
goods, 2 cs soap, ! 275 : cs salmons ¦¦ '- '¦¦'¦ • '
To Korea— 38 pkgs groceries . and provisions,
1 ps dry goods, 24 cs canned goods. ;.
Merchandise, for the Orient.
_ !_ A T-»*_.. lt_ J i. «*_' -_ n
; The S. D. Carleton will load coal at Tacoma
for Honolulu; the Emilia Ciampa, wheat or
barley here 'lor Europe, 38s, -: prior to arrival;
the Paramita, lumber on . Puget Sound for
Sydney, 40s, if Melbourne or 1 Adelaide 47s 6d.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Italian bark Emilia Cianipa arrived
from Caleta Buena via Honolulu early
yesterday morning. She made a 63-day
run to the islands, and after, a stay of- a
'fortnight there came on to this port, mak
ing the run in 21 days. . ." ' ,¦•_¦
« The St. Paul does not require as much
work as was at first expected, so she will
get away for Nome and St.. Michael to
morrow, r
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptio arrived late last night
from the Orient via Honolulu. .
For Hongkong— C. H. Ames, Paul Barnhardt,
Miss Mary E. Dryer, W. F. Ford, Russell Har
per, J. S. Hermann, S. H. Ingram, Mrs. R. S.
McDougall, L. Maynard, S. B. RedUck, Miss L.
Wallace, W. Walsh", Captain D. H; Ward and
A. Wendelen.
"Water Front Notes.
For Yokohama— H. G. Ellers and Miss von
Rodt. ' !•
Fpr Kobe— Mrs. F. R. Macauley, Miss E. Po
teet, Dr. C. F. Reid and Dr." J. D. Ross. ¦ '
For Nagasaki — Mrs. M. Johnson, • Dr. F.
Farmer, ! Mrs. F. Farmer and Jnfant, J. M.
Truby. '¦ -'
For Shanghai— J. T. Hovell, wife and infant;
Dr. Berthold Laufer. ¦ .»
The Peru took away in her steerage
forty-eight Italians, who are going to
work on the plantations. They wllPbe
tried as an experiment, and if successful
more of them will be brought from Italy.
The cabin passengers on the steamship
were the following named: . ;
For Honolulu— Mrs. Cecil Brown, S. D. Carr
Miss Lillian Claypool, Miss Daly, W. A. Dick
son, Miss Irene , Dickson, A. Dildas, H. R.
Duniway, William Henry, A. Herbert, Dr.
George Herbert, . Mrs. M. Keohokalole, F. G.
Krauss, Miss N. E. 'Lamb, Sam Parker,' E.
Parker, J. Parker, Lieutenant D. B. Pender,
wife and infant; A. H. Renton, Miss Ada
Rhodes. Miss Alice Rycroft, Mrs. J. J. Seaver,
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship
Peru sailed for Oriental ports via Hono
lulu yesterday. Among the cabin passen
gers wa3 Samuel Parker of Honolulu. Mr.
Parker Is taking the remains of-, his wife
home for burial. ¦ ¦ ¦¦
.Another passenger on the Peru was
Captain D. H. Ward, late of the schooner
Rosamond. He is going to Manila to en
ter the lumber business.
DEPARTURE OP THE PERU.
tion will go from this coast. The
Union Lumber Company of San Francisco
has the contract to supply twenty million
feet of railroad ties and the option on
another twenty million feet as soon as this
contract Is completed; One load of- 65,000
railroad ties has already been delivered
and another load of 60,000 left Noyo yes
terday, j
- When the contract was first entered into
it v-aa the intention of the contractors to
bring the ties tb San Francisco in steam
schooners and transfer the loads to 3000
ton tramp steamers in the bay. William
J. Woodside of Swayne & Hoyt looked
into the matter, however, and decided
that the. big steamers could go to Noyo
and load-- there. The Horda. was accord
ingly sent up the coast and anchored to
a buoy off the lumber company's mill. A
steel' cable was run from the steamship
to the mill and over it ties were sent out
to the vessel In slings until the Horda
was loaded. The big collier Victoria,
which is under charter to Swayne & Hoyt,
received her load in the same manner and
a third vessel will be loaded next month.
It will ta,ke about. 1 two. years to deliver
the forty million feet' of lumber at Guaya
quil, as it is not safe for a steamship to
load at Noyo except "during the months ot
May, June, July and September. At other
times a heavy sea is running-, which
makes it dangerous for shipping. .< .
A wharf 700 feet long is also to be built
at Guayaquil and nearly, all the material
to be used in its construction -will come
from this coast. Swayne & Hoyt, -who are
handling the shipping end of the lumber
deal, also expect to carry a large quan
tity of the wharf material and iare having
a steamer built in the East for that pur
pose. The new boat is to be ready for
delivery by the first of the year and i«s
expected to be fast and commodious.
THE Guayaquil and Quito Kail
road Is to be completed as quickly
as possible and all the ties and
lumber to be used In the construc-
London's Stock Exchange has just cele
brated- its ; hundredth anniversary. . I The
celebration came conveniently' In .the mid
dle 1 of the American flurry on May. 18,
when the exchange took a day off. s »
**"' ¦ r " -¦¦;¦ :> -¦.' • i: ¦ • . ¦- > £- .¦ • ¦-;'-
The Damage Is Only $2.00
For a round-trip ticket to Stockton via the
Santa Fe. 'Sold Saturday^ July _27th/ and. you
can return Sunday or Monday. :, ; : •
. ; Time Ball.. ; ' ?V .
Branch Hydrographlc Office, IT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San - Francisco, CaL.
July. 25. lflOlr v ¦ :- •
The time ball on the ttfwer of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., ax noon of thp 120th meridian, or at -8
o'clock p.m., Greenwich time. • . -
. ¦ C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
i Sailed July 23-*Stmr Advance, for New York.
KINS ALE— Passed July 24— Ger ship Arthur
Fltger, ¦ from" Portland, : for Queenstown.'
PRAWLE POINT— Passed- July 23— Br ship
Queen Victoria, from Portland, for Antwerp.
ACAPULCO— Sailed July 22— Stmr 'City - of
Sydney, for San Francisco. : " •
CORONEL— Arrived July. 24— Stmr Califor
nian, from New York,' ¦ for San Francisco. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
'". HAKODATE— Sailed June 29— Fr bark Hen
riette, for Honolulu. -
. HAMBURG— Sailed July 21— Ger ship Tar
penbek, for Oreson. I -.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 24— Jap
stmr Honskoner Maru,- hence June -22. .
ANTWERP— Arrived July 23— Br ship Cas
tle Rock, .from Tacoma; Fr bark Bossuet, hnc
Feb 19. v -
¦ Sailed July 22— Br Queen Margaret, for New
York. -\"" .¦¦/. - , '> ;:•:¦
CALLAO— Arrived July 9— Br ship Eudora,
from Barry. ¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦ t . • . ' ¦ . ~ .
COLON— Arrived July 23— Stmr Allianca,
from New York.-- -..- ¦ ¦
UTAK BAY— In port July 11— Bark Harves
ter, stmr Francis Cutting, stmr Equator and
stmr Shelikoff. • /:'./., •„
HARDY CREEK— Sailed July 25— Stmr. Lu
ella, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND-Passed In July 25— Stmr
Nome City, from Nome, for Seattle.
Sailed outward July 25 — Ger ship Louise, for
United Kingdom; bktn Skagit, for Honolulu;
schr W H Talbot. for Shanghai.
TACOMA— Sailed July 25— Bark Tidal Wave,
for Port Los Angeles; schr J M Weatherwax,
f cr San - Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 24— Jan stmr Rto-
Jun Maru, from Hongkong; stmr Nome City,
from Nome. ' .- * .
1 Sailed .July 24— Stmr Valencia, for Nome;
stmr Fara lion, for Skasruay; stmr Victorian,
for Sknguay: stmr Queen, for Sltka. - July 25 —
Stmr Elihu Thomson, - for Nome. . • ¦ ¦ •
;• SOUTH BEND— Sailed July! 25— Schr North
Bend, for San Francisco. • .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 24— U S stmr
Hugh McCulloch, hence July 18. .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 25—
Stmr San Mateo, from Nanalmo.
Sailed July 25— Stmr WH Kruger. for San
Francisco. , . ' ."'¦ •
EUREKA— Arrived July 25-Schr Del Norte,
from Rosrue River.
Sailed July 25— Stmrs Alliance and Eureka
and schr Luisa D, for- San' Francisco; schr C
T Hill, for San Pedro. -
ASTORIA— Arrived July 25— Stmr Signal,
hence July* 20. - "
COOS BAY-Salled July 25-Schrs Monterey
and Gotama, for San Francisco. ¦
FORT- BRAGG— Sailed July 23— Stmrs Sco
tia and Seauoia. for San Francisco. '.-¦¦.-
PORT HADLOCK- Sailed July 25— Bktn Re
triever, for San Francisco. • •
NOME— In port July 14— Tug Discovery, stmr
Newsboy, stmr Chico and U S stmr Seward.
TELLER— In port July 14— Schr Lottie Ben
nett and schr Balboa. • •- - • .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, July 25, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
St.mr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Peru, Pillsbury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Bratmr Milton, Rainey, Nanaimo.
• Schr Admiral, Peterson, . Guayaquil, via
Noyo, in tow tug Sea King.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
% TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, .
SAILED.
Thursday, July 25.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridsett; Ventura. ¦
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwlng, Nome.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria.
Thursday, July 25. ,
Stmr Plllsbury, Hongkong ' and Yokohama,
via Honolulu; Paciflo Mail SS Co.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co. . ¦ .
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Oyster Harbor;
R Dunsmulr's Sons Co. .
Br stmr Milton, Rainey, Nanaimo; John Ro
senfeld's Sons.
CLEARED.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 15 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 47 hours - from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 39 hours, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 18 hours*from Monterey
and way ports.
Stmr Progreso, Parker, 88 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 48 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, 80 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 45 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Bark Palmyra, Keller, 9 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Webfoot, Mercer, 4 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Jensen, 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Una, Harkins, 14% days from Uyak
Bay. . ' .
Thursday, July ¦ 25.
Stmr Robert Collar, Ellefsen, 87 hours from
Port Hadlock.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 34 hours from Cres
cent City. " - . • , • .
Office United States Lighthouse Inspector,
. . Twelfth District,
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. July 25, 190L
• Notice Is hereby given that the May Flint
Wreck (SE) Whistling Buoy, a small whistling
buoy, painted red and black horizontal stripes
with the word "wreck" In large white letters,
moored 300 feet southward of the wreck of
ship May Flint, San Francisco Bay, Cal., rt
ported July 10 as not sounding, Is now In good
¦working order.
-This notice effects the -List. of Beacons, and
Buoygy ¦ Pacific , Coast, " JWli* page 21." ¦ By <fcrdar
of the Lighthouse Board. * " ".
¦ U. SEBREE, Commander, U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
TsTotice to Mariners.
SAN FRANCISCO BAY, CALIFORNIA.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
, Times and Heights of High ' and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority'of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front, (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TO SAIL.
4
Sun rises s : o7
Sun sets 7 : 23
Moon sets 0:48 a. m.
Time Time Time Time '
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W H W . *
26 .. 1:58 0.6 9:00 3.8 1:04 3.0 7:35 5 5
27 .. 2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:58 . 3.1 8:16 5.7
28 .. 3:21—0.1 10:31 4.4 .2:50 2.9 '9:00 5.8
29... 3:58—0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36 2.8 9:43 5 8
30 .. 4:37—0.5 11:43 4.8 4:24 2.6 10'29 5 9
SI .. 5:15—0.5 12:19 4.9 5:10 2.3 11:16 5*8
1 .. 5:51—0.4 12:51 6.2 5:57 2.0 ...
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Coos Bay Newport & Way ¦ Ports
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ,...„.
"Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports....
Coptic China and Japan.......
Point Arena.... Point Arena ;
Eureka Humboldt '..
W. H. Kruger. Sail Pedro
Asuncion. Seattle
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.
Newburg Grays Harbor
Acme.... San Pedro
Czarina :.. Seattle and Tacoma....
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts.
State of. Cal San Diego.......'
Empire.. Coos Bay
Santa Barbara. Humboldt . . . '.
Noyo Humboldt
Curacao/ Mexican Ports...: ;.
Matteawan Tacoma
Australia Tahiti
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Anubls Hamburg & Way Ports
Pomona Humboldt
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael...
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Corona Newport & Way Ports
North Fork.... Humboldt
Rival Wlllapa Harbor
Arcata Coos Bay '.
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.'
Aconcagua Valparaiso & Way Pts.
July 28
July 28
July 26
July 26
July 23
July. 26
July 26
July 26
July 28
July 27
Jftly 27
July 2S
July 2S
July 23
July 28
July" 2S
July 23
July 28
July 28
July 29
July 2D
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 31
Aug. 1
Aug. t
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
I Pier.
Carlisle City.
North Fork..
Pomona......
W. H. Krugret
St. Paul :
Alliance
Corona
G. W. Elder..
Arcata.
San Pedro
Santa Rosa...
Eureka
Acme
San Bias
Point Arena..
Empire
July 2O. I
China and Japan..
Humboldt
Humboldt ..:
July 27, ~ I
Tillamook Bay...:.
Nome & St. Michael
Portland & Coos B.\
San Diego.:...'. .'...'.
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay...
Humboldt '..'.
. July 28. .
San Diego; & Way..
Humboldt ¦ '..'....
July 20.
Siuslaw River
Panama & Way....
Point Arena
Coos Bay
July 30. I
Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way.
July 31.
Seattle & J lad lock.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Seattle & Everett. .
Humboldt'......
San Diego & Way.
Aiipf nst ¦ 1.
Sydney & "Way Pts
Astoria & Portland
10 am
9 am
1:30 p
12 ¦ m
2 pm
5 pm
9 am
11 am
12 m
10 am
9 anil
9 ami
3 pm
12 , m
2 pm
12 . m
Pier 27
Pier 3
Pier 9
Pler:i3
Pier 34
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 2
IPier II
[Pier 13
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier . 2
Pier! 13
Walla Walla.
Bonlta
11am
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
R. Dollar
Czarina,
Newburg.....
Noyo
State of Cal..
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Sierra........
Columbia.....
10 am
11 am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin.....^... Skaguay & Way Ports July 26
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports July 29
Al-Kl..... Skaguay & "Way Ports July 29
Oregon..... Nome &• Teller.;:...... July 29
Dirigo.... Skaguay •& T Way Ports July- 29
Senator......... Nome direct.....:..:.... July 30
Cottage City... Skaguay: & Way Ports Aug. 1
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way .Ports Aug. 3
Chap. Nelson. . . Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. • 3
Victorian...:... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Sun rises s : o7
Sun sets 7 : 23
Moon sets 0:48 a. m.
Time Time Time Time '
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W H W . *
26 .. 1:58 0.6 9:00 3.8 1:04 3.0 7:35 5 5
27 .. 2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:58 . 3.1 8:16 5.7
28 .. 3:21—0.1 10:31 4.4 .2:50 2.9 '9:00 5.8
29... 3:58—0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36 2.8 9:43 5 8
30 .. 4:37—0.5 11:43 4.8 4:24 2.6 10'29 5 9
SI .. 5:15—0.5 12:19 4.9 5:10 2.3 11:16 5*8
1 .. 5:51—0.4 12:51 6.2 5:57 2.0 ...
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Coos Bay Newport & Way ¦ Ports
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ,...„.
"Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports....
Coptic China and Japan.......
Point Arena.... Point Arena ;
Eureka Humboldt '..
W. H. Kruger. Sail Pedro
Asuncion. Seattle
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.
Newburg Grays Harbor
Acme.... San Pedro
Czarina :.. Seattle and Tacoma....
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts.
State of. Cal San Diego.......'
Empire.. Coos Bay
Santa Barbara. Humboldt . . . '.
Noyo Humboldt
Curacao/ Mexican Ports...: ;.
Matteawan Tacoma
Australia Tahiti
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Anubls Hamburg & Way Ports
Pomona Humboldt
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael...
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Corona Newport & Way Ports
North Fork.... Humboldt
Rival Wlllapa Harbor
Arcata Coos Bay '.
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.'
Aconcagua Valparaiso & Way Pts.
July 28
July 28
July 26
July 26
July 23
July. 26
July 26
July 26
July 28
July 27
Jftly 27
July 2S
July 2S
July 23
July 28
July" 2S
July 23
July 28
July 28
July 29
July 2D
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 31
Aug. 1
Aug. t
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
I Pier.
Carlisle City.
North Fork..
Pomona......
W. H. Krugret
St. Paul :
Alliance
Corona
G. W. Elder..
Arcata.
San Pedro
Santa Rosa...
Eureka
Acme
San Bias
Point Arena..
Empire
July 2O. I
China and Japan..
Humboldt
Humboldt ..:
July 27, ~ I
Tillamook Bay...:.
Nome & St. Michael
Portland & Coos B.\
San Diego.:...'. .'...'.
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay...
Humboldt '..'.
. July 28. .
San Diego; & Way..
Humboldt ¦ '..'....
July 20.
Siuslaw River
Panama & Way....
Point Arena
Coos Bay
July 30. I
Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way.
July 31.
Seattle & J lad lock.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Seattle & Everett. .
Humboldt'......
San Diego & Way.
Aiipf nst ¦ 1.
Sydney & "Way Pts
Astoria & Portland
10 am
9 am
1:30 p
12 ¦ m
2 pm
5 pm
9 am
11 am
12 m
10 am
9 anil
9 ami
3 pm
12 , m
2 pm
12 . m
Pier 27
Pier 3
Pier 9
Pler:i3
Pier 34
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 2
IPier II
[Pier 13
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier . 2
Pier! 13
Walla Walla.
Bonlta
11am
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
R. Dollar
Czarina,
Newburg.....
Noyo
State of Cal..
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Sierra........
Columbia.....
10 am
11 am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin.....^... Skaguay & Way Ports July 26
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports July 29
Al-Kl..... Skaguay & "Way Ports July 29
Oregon..... Nome &• Teller.;:...... July 29
Dirigo.... Skaguay •& T Way Ports July- 29
Senator......... Nome direct.....:..:.... July 30
Cottage City... Skaguay: & Way Ports Aug. 1
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way .Ports Aug. 3
Chap. Nelson. . . Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. • 3
Victorian...:... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
cLySfi ~ v -'" '¦¦*-'¦ ' ¦
||y All over the world Schlitz beer is known and is the standard. fetal
rf^ In \ ladivostock, Pretoria, Shanghai, Singapore, Bombay, Cairo ifl
wJSjL and Constantinople it is the beer of civilization. K) 3
mm ¦ ' Schlitz beer has won the world's markets by its reputation for ClJ
gggl purity, maintained for half a century. Wherever white men live B51
grog Schlitz beer is acknowledged the pure beer. Our pledge to you igrj
mm and our pledge to all nations is that never will a bottle of Schlitz CPQ
KlM beer go out until we have insured its'* purity; never a bottle KY*
BStJH msufnciently aged. ._•• - ¦;¦'-.* Y_- • •» - fjrj
PSJ Schlitz beer, wherever you find it, is healthful; it is fegl
m WORLD-FAMOUS E3
ppH an <* has made Milwaukee famous fh&Q
WjVJ 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-U Market St., San Francisco. |S|
t§y-''$l Mm R&P® **$%** H $iSfBo&\
ppff =-5 T«^f ¦*" : «ra32?« repeat.- They don't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
fejjr j '4^ word, they are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
Kgli ¦ "*Svfc|jtjM!3r J r^ e ? are made in all desirable calibers, weights, and
M^B^y"^-../ L^So'J styles; and are plain, partially or elaborately orna-
W$k ""'¦' AaSlrollin m ent c d, suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
Wfym^^^Wi Ammunition
I't^W^Si^t'm-^'^xSi * s " ma^ e *° r a^ kinds « of . shooting in all kinds of guns.
KpjgyL,jB|/,y iKtjSJsM FREE — Send name and address on postal for our 764-page catalogue.
: JH^^j^ll^WlNCHEStER REPEATING ARMS CD. r StrgJffffi-' jNo. 2S096 wins' $7500, sold In San Francisco,
Cal. : Ko. - 31286 wins $2500, sold in San - Fran
cisco, 'Cai:: No. .11706 wins: $1230. sold in 1 San
Francisco, Cal.; Nos. 1544, 314S1,' 36635, 49777 and
71341 each wins $*123, sold in San' Jose, 'Fresno
and San Francisco, Cal. • •
"V .: .-¦'•:. '. !.:'¦¦¦..' '¦ . - • :
The Original Little Benef icencla Publics
: Company of San Francisco. Organized
' September, 1893. Drawing duly 25,
TUCSON, Ariz., July 25.— Three Mexican
miners were killed at the Lacananea min
ing camp in Sondra yesterday. They were
being hoisted in a bucket, when the rope
broke, dropping them fifty feet. '
Mexicans Killed at a Mine.
SAN JOSE, July 25.— B,F. Rucker to
day filed a suit against the city of San
Jose for $12,425 damages sustained by his
horse becoming frightened at a steam
roller which was being operated on San
Antonio street: A few weeks ago Rucker
presented the bill to the Council, and
Monday, night they, rejected it.' Kucker
had his arm broken in the accident.
Sues San Jose for Damages.
PETALUMA, July 25.— Miss Elizabeth
Wickersham, daughter of the late Mr. and
Mrs. I. G. Wickersham, wasat noon to
day wedded to Captain Thomas Maclay.
The wedding took place at the Wicker
sham home on Sixth street. The Rev.
John Partridge of St. John's Episcopal
Church performed the marriage rites.
The home was prettily decorated. -
After a visit to Monterey Mr. and Mrs.
Maclay will return to the Wickersham
home.. Captain- Maclay is cashier of , the
Wickersham Banking Company, and with
his wife holds a high position in the so
ciety of this city and Sonoma County.
Wedding in j Petaluma Home.
OAKLAND, July 2o.-No San Francisco
freight will be handled by Oakland dray
men to-morrow. The Teamsters' Union
voted to-night, on the assurance of their
officers that the Draymen's Association
would concur in the stand taken, to move
no freight out . of San Francjsco until
Monday. This action will not affect local
traffic, which will be handled as hereto
°An exception has also been made with
regard to perishable fruit consigned by
way of San Francisco to Oakland dealers.
The officers of the local Teamsters un
ion expect that the strike will have been
settled by Monday, and therefore advised
the men to take action only for the inter
vening time. Before the meeting to-nlgnt
they held a conference with the employ
ing draymen, who held a meeting for that
purpose, and announced that the latter
would make no attempt to move freight
across the ferries before Monday.
Information was given out at labor
headquarters to-night that unless the
strike was settled by Monday the Dray
men's Association would not move a
wheel after that day until further notice.
The teamsters employed by the Austin
Freight and Transportation Company
have been called out by the San Fran
cisco officers of the Teamsters' Union on
the ground that the company in question
hauls local freight in. San Francisco. ;
The local branch of the Machinists
Union has just received $1000 from the na
tional headquarters as strike aid to the
locked-out men here. ,,„,,/, TT
Officers of the Cooks and Waiters Un
ion visited Charles Relmers, proprietor of
Fischer's restaurant, with regard to the
report that he would attempt to introduce
next Monday the scale of hours and
wages declared against by the union. The
cooks and waiters declare that they will
flght the effort to return to seven days'
Suits are threatened against the Oak
land Iron Works to - recover the back
wages due the twenty-five apprentices at
the works when they struck six weeks
ago. The officers at tha works claim that
the boys cannot collect their back wages
unless they return to work, v
Manager Parsons of the Judson Iron
Works denies the report that he gave his
men a 5 per cent raise to Induce them to
return to work in the rolling mill. He
says the men are contented, some of them
making as high as $235 a month just be
fore the strike. ~A
Freight.
They Will Handle No San Francisco
OAKLAND TEAMSTERS ACT.
Hams and E J. Brandon: business agents— H.
M SaSSders and- William Pantetoon.
The action of Getz. Bros. & Co. :ijl-dls
charging five of their men because of
their refusal to do work prohibited by the
Although the teamsters' strike appears
to be in a fair way for a speedy settle
ment, it is universally feared In the busi
ness quarter that the epidemic of strikes
is not yet passed. Trouble is expected to
break out in a few days between ¦ the
porters, packers and warehouse men and
their bosses. No definite cause has been
given for dissatisfaction, but it is at
tributed to the general feeling of unrest
that exists In all labor circles. For, the
first few days of the present trouble it
was predicted that the porters, packers
and warehouse men would strike in sym
pathy with the teamsters. At a meeting
held Wednesday evening the question 'of
a sympathetic strike was thoroughly dis
cussed, but no definite action was taken. -
Each day sees the fruit merchants in a
better condition to hold out. Fruit was
being hauled in great quantities yester
day from the Jackson-street wharf— in
fact, it was being hauled in such quanti
ties that one of the leading merchants re
marked that the wharf was cleaner now
than at this time of the fruit season in
any of the last ten years. , ,
Porters and Packers May Striked
The fruit men think that they have been
made a means by which the teamsters
intended to force the merchants to grant
their demands. They argue that the
teamsters thought by bringing a great
pressure to b^ar on the fruit merchants,
who were the easiest parties to injure,
the canneries would be induced to peti
tion the Draymen's Association to grant
the demands. In- this the teamsters ap
pear to have been mistaken. They suc
ceeded in causing a loss of thousands of
dollars to the fruit merchants without
aiding the cause in the least.
Against the teamsters- who deserted
them at this time the fruit and commis
sion merchants do not entertain a very
kindly feeling. Although innocent parties
to the whole trouble, they have been by
far the heaviest losers. In fact, in a
number-of instances their loss will not be
made up during this season. It consists
not only in the fruit that was destroyed
on the wharves but in that which was di
verted to other markets.
"I feel that we shall be completely suc
cessful. Of course, during the trouble
business has not progressed as smoothly
as formerly, but we have managed to get
along. We haVe had the backing and
sympathy of aH our customers to such an
extent that we could not possibly lose.
Not one complaint was made because, of
the delay in making deliveries. We had
too much behind us to lose. Men came
to us from all points for employment.
Had our customers not remained loyal to
us in the exigency the result might have
been reversed."
"A number of our men have volunteered
to return to- their work," said James Mc-
Nab of McNab & Smith. "I did. not ac
cept their offer at the time, but as soon
as a largrer number is ready I will put
them to work. We feel no resentment to
ward the men who quit. There was no
quarrel or dissatisfaction over wages, but
only a disagreement among the men as
to who they should work with.
W. W. Montague & Co. ¦were also de
lighted when four of. their teamsters vol
untarily returned to work yesterday
morning. The firm entertained no ill-will
toward the men and they were simply
asked if they preferred to take their or
ders from the firm or from the union. On
replying that they were ready to obey
the orders of the firm they were given
their former positions. Only one teams
ter remained obstinate and stated that he
wanted time to think the matter over.
Commission Men Suffer Loss.
W. Wheeler, manager for « Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson, in speaking of the re
turn of the men, said: "Five of our men
of their own accord came in this morn
ing and requested that they be returned to
work. I put the question to them, 'Do you
want to work for us or for the union?'
They replied that they were ready to
work for us and obey our orders. The
firm feels no resentment toward the men.
Some of them have been in our employ
for fifteen years and they admitted that
we always treated them with fairness and
liberality. Only one did not return and
he left with the best of feeling existing
between himself and the firm. We have
asked police protection for the teamsters
and will assist them -in every way."
As soon as Manager Hart learned that
trouble was impending he took immediate
steps to forestall it. Sunday he tele
graphed to the Interior towns and ob
tained the promise of a supply of men. A
number came from San Rafael. Al
though they are ignorant of the streets
of the city they have managed to get
along very well under the direction of the
police. These men will be retained in the
.service after the trouble is terminated.
Yesterday morning W. W. Montague &
Co.'s and Holbrook, Merrill & Stet
son's teamsters of their own voli
tion resigned from the Brotherhood
of Teamsters and returned to their
former positions. In both cases they were
welcomed back and on promise to obey
the mandates of the firm, instead of the
union, were immediately put to- work.
This action, voluntarily taken on the part
of the teamsters, was deemed by the mer
chants as the beginning of the end of the
strike. In fact, it was definitely stated in
many quarters that to-day would witness
the desertion of a very large number of
teamsters from the brotherhood.
' ''On Monday the situation was very dis
couraging, but every day since the aspect
has materially brightened. We pay our
men union .wages and do not require them
to work overtime. When I hire a man I
expect that he will work for whom I may
require. When our teamsters refused to
do express work for the Morton Company
I immediately told them that we would
have tp secure men who would obey our
orders. In my opinion the trouble -has
not greatly Interfered with business in
terests."
Bringing Men From the Country.
policemen in their braid-covered uni
forms. Manager G. E. Hart stated tha
the firm expects to ' have eighteen mor
teams on duty to-day. In speaking of th
strike and its effects on the business ir
terests of the city Mr. Hart said:
W. H. Fuller, treasurer of the Overland
Freight and Transfer Company, while
riding In a buggy behind one of that com
pany's trucks, conveying freight from the
railway depot, had a lively experience at
Fourth and Folsom streets. A striking
teamster attempted to delay the progress
of the team for a minute or two and when
the driver would not obey his behests, the
striker pulled out one of the dray stakes
and started for the man. Fuller pulled
out two large pistols, at the sight of
which the striker dropped the dray stake
and walked away.
Eight more teamsters, making fourteen
in all, have been sworn in as United
States Custom House inspectors to assist
in removing the freight, which the Over
land Freight and Transfer Company is
obliged to remove under its contract with
the United States Government. This
makes fourteen men now employed by
that company who are under the protec
tion of the Federal Government. Mr.
Kuller says they will have from thirty-live
to forty-five men eimilarly obligated and
that they are experiencing no difficulty in
removing the ordinary quantity of freight.
Around the office of Farnsworth &
Rubles, the draymen at 100 California
street, was enacted a scene all day yes
terday that vividly reminded one of the
early days In this State when stages
had to be guarded by a cordon
or rangers. The firm had twenty
nve teams In operation and • each
one was guarded by a couple of mounted
Along the water front everything- was
extremely quiet. The British ship King
Edward was docked at Howard-street
wharf No. 2 and discharged a large load
of cement. It was promptly removed by
Union teams. The Santa Fe Railroad
Company, which has heretofore towed its
freight from Point Richmond on barges
and loaded it on the wharves, sent down
a large consignment of freight to be de
livered on board of the bark Kaiulani.
Instead of going alongside the wharf the
bark remained in the stream and the
freight was taken aboard by the crew.
Quiet on the Water Front
It was reported at headquarters of the
Brotherhood of Teamster?, 672 Fourth
street, that Its pickets had succeeded in
calling off from wagons one driver from
the Commercial Box Factory, two from
Tillmann & Bendel. three from McNab &
Smith, one f-rom the Union Iron Works,
Feven from Wellrr.an, Peck & Co., one
from the Fruit Market and one from
Hooker's Mill. It was claimed that Ale-
Nab & Smith offered $10 per day to ouch
man that could be secured to drive a
team and that Wellman, Peck & Co.'$
men were from the country. It was ro
ported also that the National Ice Com
pany would be compelled to close down
for lack of oil, which the teamsters refuse
to haul. The pickets of the brotherhood
were very active and as each train came
in the men imported by the Draymeu's
Association were brought to the brother
hood headquarters and Induced to join
the Union and assist the striking teatn-
Eters.
A meeting of the conciliatory commit
tee of the Municipal League was held at
Its headquarters, at which President Mc-
Cabe of the Iron Trades Council was pres
ent. Secretary Wisler of the Machinists'
Union did not attend it. The principal
matter discussed outside of the local labor
troubles was the proposition to organize
a State Board of Arbitration, the forma
tion of which is to be %>ased upon tbe
plans obtaining- in Colorado and other
Eastern States. The plan was not very
favorably received.
Considerable difficulty was experienced
yesterday by the Draymerrs Association
in handling- their various ¦wagons and
trucks. Although afforded ample police
protection, the men were frequently eub>
jected to abuse and annoyance. About 19
o'clock a wagon belonging to McN'ab &
Smith was driven in front of the Califor
nia. Canneries Company's establishment
on Bryant street, between Third and
Fourth. It was heavily laden with apri
cots. The team was in charge of a non»
union man recently brought from the In
terior. Before the team could reach the
cannery the nuts on the hind wheels were
unscrewed and while the driver was .it
tempting to back in the load was dumped
into the street. Officer Burnette endeav»
ored to drive the crowd back while the
driver and the cannery employes attempt
ed to gather up the scattered boxes and
their contents. Considerable difficulty
was experienced in handling the crowJ,
but Sergeant Wolf and a posse of officers
succeeded In clearing- the street.
Dif ficulties of I>raying Firms.
Uaj-or Phelan is trying to bring about a, con
ference between the two factions interested In
thus controversy. The Employers' Association
has declined positively, in consonance with its
uniform policy, adopted at the Inception of the
labor 6trug£:les, to have any direct dealing with
the so-called labor leaders. In . the discussions
Mayor Phelan presented many propositions
from the labor unionists, requesting- a. confer
ence and presented the terms of settlement
emanating from the Brotherhood of Teamster*.
In which they expressed a willlngnes* to end
the controversy. These propositions have not
As yet been considered by the Employers' As
sociation and what action may be taken by
that body is as yet undetermined. No confer
ence between the association and the labor
leaders is desired or contemplated.
Later in the day, after consultation with
the executive committee, Attorney
Michaels made this statement:
At the conclusion of the meeting Mayor
Phelan communicated with Attorney
Michael F. Michaels, representing the ex
ecutive committee of the Employers' As
sociation, and by him -was informed that
the position of the association which he
represented was such that, while they
were willing to treat with each individual
employe, under no circumstances would
they consider the dictation of any set of
men banded together as a union.
Secretary Rosenberg made this announce
ment shortly before the close of the meet
ing of the Brotherhood of Teamsters held
last night et the Turk-street Temple. He
was later substantiated by Secretary Mc-
Laughlin of that brotherhood, who stat
ed that while things -were in a chaotic
state at present, all differences might be
promptly brought to a settlement.
Mayor Phelan endeavored yesterday to
become a mediator between the employers
and the employes. He called a meeting
at his office in the City Hail, at whlcn
were present Messrs. Furuseth of the
gailors' Union, Casey and McLaughlin of
tne Teamsters' Union and McKenna,
•whom none of the labor leaders seemed
to know. In addition to these, parties
representative of the Produce Exchange
and the Chamber of Commerce were pres
ent. George W. McNear, president of the
Produce Exchange; George A. Newhall,
president of the Chamber of Commerce;
A B. Field of the Field Mercantile Com
pany, W. M. Bunker and Louis Gerstle,
representing as president and directors
the Chamber of Commerce, were in con
sultation with the Mayor for several
hours. _— •'
"We are faying to bring about a
conference to avoid a disastrous in
dustrial struggle. Up to the pres
ent we do not know what success we
have achieved- In the interest of the
puccess of this policy we cannot say
any more at present.
The Brotherhood of Teamsters has
made some conciliatory propositions, and
while the representatives of the Employ
ers' Association seem firm, there is a will
ingness on both sides to bring the matter
to an early termination.
Just what lorm the final proposition
may take has yet not been determined
upon. From Secretary Ed Rosenberg of
the Ban Francisco Labor Council, who is
one of the shrewdest directors of the
local labor movement, comes the follow
ing statement:
To-day the Scotts will receive a delega
tion of ironworkers, headed by John Fitz
patrick, the oldest employe of the Union
Iron "Works, and the differences between
the men who went out on May 20 and
their employers will be considered.
AT last a conference has been ar
ranged between the striking ma
chinists and at least one firm of
employers, the largest In the city.
Disinterested parties have been
endeavoring to bring about a meeting and
their efforts have evidently met with suc
cess. ;•¦;'..
President, ' P. H/ McCarthy; vice ' president,
E. J. Brandon; ' recording and - corresponding
secretary, O. A. Tveltmoe; financial secretary
H. Thieler; . sergeant-at-arms,:.H. J. Skeen
trustees—T. K. Ryan. F. P. Nicholas, H. Cos
tcn,'L. R. Boynton and J. Skemp; organizing
committee — P. H. Farley, George D. Keely
"W. C. ; French, J. : Lynch and . W. H. Bemlss'
law and legislative committee— M. ¦ J. . Kelly
L. Chester, George J. McLaughlln, J. B. Wil-
The Building Trades Council held a
meeting last night at 915% Market street
and elected the following named officers:
Building Trades [ Council , Officers.
"Thl3 is an outrage upon the public,"
said President Callsh of the State Board
of Barber Examiners, in which statement
he was supported by the members of the
board. . "We examined this place and
found it in a filthy condition. The present
law reauires at least three years' actual
experience to qualify a man for a certi
ficate. No graduate of any barber college
can seciire a certificate from this. board,
and we propose as soon as all the certifi
cates are issued to visit every shop in the
city and see that the required certificate
Is properly displayed. There is a penalty
attached for non-compliance, and we pro
pose to see that the law, Is enforced. We
consider this advertisement an insult- lo
the integrity of the board and a direct
slap at our -efforts to elevate the profes
sion. It may take us a few days to reach
the matter, but when the ax falls it will
fall very hard."'
lege, 741 Howard st.
secure you a position; outfit of tools free;
having 100 applications for help we offer tui
tion almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
"War against the barber colleges has
been .again declared by the State Board of
Barber Examiners. An advertisement
reading as follows has appeared in thd
morning papers:
ATTENTION— Wanted men at' once to learn
the barber trade; in 8 weeks we make you a
Journeyman barber; we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
nounces Intentions Regarding
Them. .
State Board of Barber Examiners An-
Benjamin Hunter, 50 years of age and
residing at Fifteenth and Howard streets,
was taken to the general emergency
hospital yesterday from the end of Fol
som street to be treated for injuries In
flicted by three men who, he alleges,
were striking ironworkers. Hunter, who
works at the Enterprise Foundry, was on
his way there yesterday at noon when the
men assaulted him and dealt him nu
merous severe blows about the head and
face with a blunt instrument. Both of
Hunter's eyes were closed, his nose. bro
ken and his body badly bruised. He was
not able to identify his assailants, as they
approached him from behind.
STILL AFTER THE COLLEGES.
Shortly after 6:30 the services of the po
lice were required at Fourth and Harri
son streets, where »a large body of men
had gathered, hooting and jeering* non
union men and using violence in two in
stances. As the partol wagon approached
most of the strikers disappeared, and the
oilicers found no mob to quell other than
that of women and children.
The non-union employes of the Trans
fer Company, it appears, sought food in
the neighborhood of the stables, but were
refused. As they ventured out of their
quarters, which are guarded by patrol
men, crowds of union sympathizers con
gregated and threatened them. Upon the
arrival of the patrol wag-on four of their
number were placed on board and driven
to a restaurant at 511 Montgomery street,
where they were fed and given food for
their fellow workmen who had been re
fused in the Mission district. .
A mob that surrounded the Overland
Transfer Company's sheds at Fifth and
Bryant streets was in an ugly mood last
night and two calls were received at the
Central Police Station to disperse It.
When Lieutenant of Police Martin and a
squad of officers arrived they were obliged
to use their clubs, but their appeaxance
on the scene prevented any acts of great
violence on the part of the crowd.
Folice Disperse Crowds.
All the si eakers last evening dwelt upo~i
the injury to business caused by the pres
ent strikes and advocated legislative steps
to compel arbitration in disputes eetween
employers and employes.
The bub-committee appointed last even
ing to confer with the Mayor will meet
him this afternoon, and if the Mayor
thinks a mass meeting is advisable, he will
be asked to call one by the committee of
one hundred to be appointed to-d^y by
the president of the Federated Club?.
Seeretafy Lorenzo reported that the
conciliatory committee appointed by the
Municipal League had discussed the ques
tion of a citizens' mass meeting durlnc;
the day and that the matter iiad been left
to the committee of the Improvement
Clubs to take action.
A motion also prevailed that the concil
iator}' committee be raised to 100 in num
ber,' tbe president of the Federated Im
pro% r ement Clubs to select the members
of the increased committee.
The question of calling a mass meeting
of citizens was discussed" at length, and
it was decided that a committee of three
be appointed to confer with Mayor Phelan
as to the advisability of such a step.
The committee appointed by the chair
man was as follows: Nathan Bibo,
Charles Alpers and E. A. Lorenzo.
Mass Meeting Is Suggested.
The conciliatory committee appointed
by the president of the Federated Im
provement Clubs to consider' the requisite
steps to bring to an end the labor troubles
in this city met last evening at Saratoga
Hall on Geary street.
Dr. C. D. Salfield was appointed chair
man and E. A. Lorenzo acted as secre
tary. Others present were Nathan Bibo,
Charles Alpers, F. T. Knowles and
Charles Roberts.
All the street car men who went out on
account of their union affiliations have
been reinstated by the Market Street Rail
way Company. They met with Manager
Vining yesterday and for the present no
action will be taken regarding the ulti
matum that has heretofore been sub-'
mitted. It is proposed now to introduce
new demands. .The average time of the
meti employed by the company is fourteen
hours, with a basis of pay approximating
about $2 35 per day. The plan that is
under discussion in the Car . Employes';
Union is to ask for a flat rate of 25 cents
an hour on a basis of ten hours a day. On ;
some • of the roads the rate varies from
19 cents upward, and in order to equalize
the scale of wages a committee has' been
appointed to establish a more uniform
schedule than at present obtains. The re
instatement of the men has averted any
immediate 1 possibility of a strike: The
men say, however, that they were
graciously received by the management
and their demands were listened to with
marked attention. The situation* now, as
far as the Car Employes' Union is con
cerned, has resolved itself into a mattor
of computation, which must be governed
by responsibilities and exigencies of each
of the roads In the city, whether operated
by cable, electricity or horse power. The
men are satisfied to await the action of
the committee before making any demon
stration or showing of strength.
In future we intend to publish at various
times in the daily papers, for the information
or benefit of our fellow countrymen, a list of
those firms who are antagonistic. to our cause,
bo that, they may know who are recipients of
their hard-earned money. • ¦ ¦
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
Street Car Men Reinstated. i
To the* public: There appeared In the morn
ing Call of the 25th inst. an article in regard to
five members of the Packers; Porters and
Warehousemen's Union, who were employed at
Getz Bros. & Co.'s, 111 California' street, stat
ing that these men struck in sympathy with
the teamsters. While our sympathies are en
tirely with the locked-out Brotherhood of Team
sters, we desire to state for the benefit of the
public that the men already mentioned were
discharged outright for refusing to load and
unload scab teams.
The following communication from ;he
packers, porters and warehousemen has
been received: , "
rules of their union, and of M. J. Braden
stein & Co. In discharging two men fc>
refusing to drive a wagon, and; of the
Anglo-American Crockery" Company In
discharging one for his union affiliations
has not served to mitigate the feeling of
unrest.
Days of Labor Troubles May End Through Leaders' Efforts to Bring About
Conferences at Which Grievances May Be Discussed and Arrangements
. Made for Resumption of Long Interrupted Work Satisfactory to Each
EXPRESS SENTIMENTS PREDICATING
AN EARLY SETTLEMENT OF STRIKE
THE SAN.FRANCISCO CALL,'FEIDAY, JUl^Y 26; 1901.
The situation as far as the
striking teamsters .are con
cerned remains the same, 'with
indications that the teamsters
will make a settlement. *
The committee was in ses
sion yesterday afternoon, and
after meeting the representa
tives of the strikers and the
Scotts a conference for to-day
was arranged.*;^
¦*¦ Five workmen have been
selected by the machinists to
meet the Scotts, the spokes
man being John Fitzpatrick,
one of the oldest employes of
the iron works/ Hopes were
expressed last night that the
strike will end as the result
of the meeting between em
ployers and employes.
The striking machinists of
the Union Iron Works will
hold a conference to-day with
the heads of the' shipbuilding
firm, due to tbe efforts of
the conciliatory committee ap
pointed by the Municipal
League.
AGREE TO CONFER.
1901.
5
THE EMPORIUM. / | THE EMPORIUM. | .- > THE EMPO&rTJM. - | THE EMPORIUM.
I Bull Durham Tobacco, 1f|gS& iFHi^ffei^Ii ilUi Australian Bird Show, |
% 2 Packages for 5 Cm S SBp* ci3i P^ Attraction Hall— Free. %
j| On sale at this extraordinarily low price Friday and B P^ o g^^g* •*> Hi g e ffc^jg^ajJ **§ Ha'f-hourly, io a. m. to 5 p. m. daily, a won- J
% Saturday only: : . 3 ;?£> ¦; NIA . s LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST *STORE dcrftJ exhibition; bring the children. J
jf .. . ¦ ¦ : : . __ ; __ . : _ I
t Butter Sate, \AII of the School Books Bargains in *
•C AA- *©««•»*»»•>» that will be used this term in the Primary, Grammar ' and High Schools are on B^mmf*^^ ' '"' »
% **&** &G/U3MrGm sale in our Spcciat School DooK and Supply Department, back of the Book BSr.9S99 V9L?UiSZ> m j
*£ Beginning at J a. m. to-day, and Section on Main Floor. We offer two y. ry atoactlve speda's in a 1-wool 5
I on,n ctosi-g tm,c s a ,ur<u y , W.shan | School Supp!ies~Dcptc Store Prices. SSSSSftS^Sf 1 '' 11 *' |
X sell the very best quality Creamery ¦ — '— %_ _ 800 yards of All-Woo! Cheviot Mixtures and %
»>* Butter, th= kind that has made' our 45?mEii/0Ha7kff 4S^/VJrJ^4fi£ plain All- Wool Sackings, very desirable for .«
S butter sales SO popular, and now * %9£3S& «9«r BBWB VMflV school wear, regnlar S oc quality— special to-" J
I worth 4 oe .he =,»«, 55c w and Big Special in -* .,; «£&3Ej*£S?St^ I
§ Jor - ••• • •¦ """*"*¦" W^W ~ BBSS "m tfCk '»<f Wilt '' Cheviot, small neat check, spTeadid weight 5
tf L mil \ 3 Squares tO a customer ". f»'.*Y fiWB £P* @ft QEt ' 1-*JP and quality in vx pretty combinations »uitable \(
»? m — .. -_ >L-X "*™"*^" ***. A~r for bicycle and otting suits cr sepira:e skini, Jf
X£ ' GhHsJflSn* '*& FB**n& / yW&iP^ t-l. 1 c j- \ r regular *I.a« qua'ity — SJ=cia! prue trv-ia» »5
$ *!L *"**"** **CP** /4jUyV The sale of our extraordinary purchase of /\WlT\ only, reryarl . 59c *
J» ¦IteK f\\lf-\\ Boys' Suits (more than 2000, at a little ) '\| \ *"",* 39
j£ • J^"3g BarttaiffSS I J ! ( \ \ more than, half price) continues. The I X \ SpCGial Sale £
* $m 4fevR '^S^-®'-H"!^^^^-5^mSS^^ J I 7 Eton Dresses, i
*¦ i^ ft and Pe-cale Sailor Suits, this V / b> g store >s ever offered. . It cost more -< J] / w « «~» wwwv*bf» *
K fV^^fl ss son's goods and make, ex- W\ %/ to make them than we aie asking for fa f\ CT .^Jvf^r, 3 ««« ¦*XJ? 1O ZZ% Y '~~ *
fr JW/Ti tra wcU made i siz « 'or ages AJ \ \) them' \J V rf 2 f " * V«n* ., . *5
I H^ 4 to ia years, 'that have blen . \ \\ . Eoy,'T$3.00 Suit,- Doubl e -brea £ t C , Jackets and VY \\ fSS'ZTS™"' U °^ 5
5? /f iflXJ! °' SpCCla *f tf% \ \\ Knee Pants, '8 to 15 years.... {££ AO ._ T3 A this season's .-*%. - ' ' "
* /Ji "»*n n0 '™-"- — "- * •-"WV-V ...9MmSf€f * V / i dre»«, gray and »*< y-%
K U# ' i\ r J.? e ;. qUa f te , r 3r , C L ° at ' V Boys* $4.00 Suits— All- Wool Cheviots and Cas- / • tan alpaca, gray, «C§* X
% VK__L> 9 f " 8 " n ,' ' kr6C Plafl bu "" ' \ ' ¦ rimer.8, ii«a8toi6yea«..;-^O'JfO " brown and Un , f*iT N, 1«
5? tons, Raglan pockets, man U W - S>Sam £ § t %3 Venetian and /JfctL X
K Mil tailored, this season's gools, I ,^&_ "*, +-¦-.- , .. ,„ . ,.. . . I m v »nH *•« //7H Ffc\ "* JST
V W reeular'v "*8 00 each- soecial >i V^ Boys' $5.00 Suits— AU-wool plaids and ttnpr*, gray and tan / U ffi\ 5
S.-'JIL^- 2 •* ¦ ! P xO^^^f p'ain Thibet! «nd Serge., iIks -^O JJ*> , ' nuxed cheviots / M\\ , J
* .^^ ""Y""~$6.50 8toi6yea«.:........L..^O^O I, I g »" •i««- V^^^) *
jf . " . — Boys' $5.00 Suits— Three-piece Knee Pants Suits— AU-wool Chiviots and \ J \JL These al \Stf3 \AJ 5
% FUmitUre SpeCialS. » new f.l patterns, double-breasted vest, <»O J**% g m^e and aU // \f 5
i Solid Go'd n Oak Writing Desk, with Book- ¦>« io to 15 years %p%»a~»W3 m . £
*?•¦ case combined— Just the thing for School B^OB ' __ J?^ 4&£^ EZffR ff%B+ &£&% Q BZ rn-.A. They were i -J
J Children '.at homej regular price |io.oo; BWM&SB 9 & I /Cm%9Wl &BB0W9 Idr 90«0«l $*o.co, |* S .oo- /[ V j
jf Friday and Saturday, ony....^^^^ Fine Worsteds, blue and black. Srrges, Silk- Mixed Cassimeres, Tweeds and ? nd l 2 7-5° «*¦'- /4\\ V *
*: Bureau-G^d'en'oak'finUh,' with oval *Frcnch Cheviots; plain effects and .pretty mixtures; ;Sack Coats, either round cornered ™ t ZlSl£™l // III \J\ |
5» plate m'rror and four drawers; size of -top or, square cut; perfectly tailored and well lined; would sell in the regular way urday only, "your /TTUJj ua>'v X
*¦ 22x42 inches; speciaj price f - 7 - for $12.50; our price Friday and Saturday only 4f*O dC cholcc » ' VT £
tf to-day and ta-morrow iff I lad O ..-.,.. 2}%0B ZSfil3 i3*'S &% -»- <^ "*
I fi«^s^S|?^|s|^ rr^rS";F :::::::::::::::::: s £t% &*u m s
I *¦»•&¦*»*-"- *4-«| ««¦"*"'-"' -ft-"** "' "-¦- ¦• ¦•"-«•»» AlUrat^extraMt properly done %
* : hogany finish; sprctal price... 0VjOV T..B~~ O9«* W* -B- 41 *B * 5
I special To-tiay Th ff °- , Sale I
tf 2r*^ n wk handed, handsomeiy Qp "^ We have s:cured another, bt of these nee 25c FraWBCf PIctUreS. «
$ Lamp Bep't* W^—w TL^Tr^^-ri^t^Vf wf^jSSSS.GKrEerfSLa s
J dk.power Mantles to-d a yonly,^^ c \\\^ r.gj^ on sale t0 . d y onl ' j . P f4 C fnm*)-tdig*», landscape figure and J
I' s^^ZPA^^^^. —the celebrated eacn 7*"- " — ' " J ' animal groups, inc uiing » ich popular »ub- »J
* i G<5?WL\SSS& dcubU frame— _ _. _ fifE&iS's UntSerWPai* je<ts as VPharaoh's Hor.es," "The G'eam- £
g tr:,l: woven Man- i^GBWSiS M&lig* \mm \-m*c*-+ crs," ««Pr-scila aad John Alden," "Fer- ,%
X fffl teh that fit Welsbach or any ¦ ****™BIU y&€&M9? BUtl Night ShirtS. renzi," Sickle's an i R lp hae:'s "Madonnas," j
Jf III gas lamp burner; any child can ., i 200 of these Em Ae bac\ Four, lines ot men's . #^>n "Baby Stuart," '«Coant:si Potocka," etc., J
£ Wm adjust them; regularly 35c each; SJ^-' J&L combs -a good, hravy summer weight fine 'A^3 et ." L , ElcI ?, ch^ m \ n i l Y Jla ncd " n b '» ck » 3«
* EM rpecial to-day tnly.... oo feSS^SS^ quality, well finished, ish Ba'briggan fJjP wi h htavily gi!t tipped ornament— s:« 9 « -«
«C H . . . . : S3c -Mrmfniinrndr " « ni re s ularI y «cb, " d Lii ' c Th rea i z£L? l *% '? ches » ?* uJar * $'•">-*«** «>• «
1 IB) Emerald Green Shades for HUH MjlU aie off. red for -_. Underwear, in lancy /rfftm(P$\ day T' 7 ' r P * * 7A#« 5
2 i^^ ¦ Welsbach Lamp'; pretty fluted Ulll WJ I Friday only at IOG striped and figured l|/, |i 18^^. Complete, for SOU X
I fer a^^-f^O^-'TOw ShH Pompadour Comb, £3'^ \\l qJI UM^ UtgUOrSatO i
i ¦ 3C )m m * -a small sample line of day at th«e greatly rajffc IfeaSt^/ ForTwoDaWZ 5
i : ¦ very pretty combs; spedal to-day reduced prices , PI I KO^ ««. - Jj* "ciy S, $
Itf •" 4T» MM « «rnA«**2»#C only each MUC + " . IrTl If I {wFtT^ Ch intpton Wh'.BtiO}/ — Straight 5
5 Carpet SpeCiaiS, Omy>CaC - JJS* *35 O a sult S™^ I l||IJl I [ I goods, Tyery popular brand, rrgu'arly 5 3 oo '}
tf Tapestry Carpet-S5c grade; to.dayxniy3ffO <ffltf3« f^ft-aWac ©9#» !, Or 'S2 28 WWU', I, Ell ¦ gaUcn-on spedal sa'e to.iay ' V
|»: Tap'-itry Carpet-Extra ..quality; a full _ line WCUfnBSHG&H&Cm J4.00 a ju t goxs for ....$2 63 (Fridav)and Satur ay, ga'.'o.n $2,4-0 X
J. of patterns of the latest d S'gns and colorings; 800 yards of printed fat n stripe cotton chaUies, $ 4 .50 a suit goods for S2.97 Bourb On WM^kOY— Good qua! ty 5
J regular $1.00 yard; Friday and Saturday bues, Javtnferi, pnks, e;c, in a nice assort- «5-co a suit goods for .'..$3 27 — spcciJ Friday an'd Saturday, __ •
% on'y... r-- 72 ?< mentofpattern 5 ;-no:ap J ece,nthe.otwcrth Man's N gilt Sh>l*t S -G: Jiflaane - boctle \ ..GOD %
J Art Squares-Heavy quaMty; al : tLeis special less than 35c a yard; the most of them the ette, m neat," desnbfc : pattern,, cut full ske DOTiiDStlG PortOf-Bc* qoaBty, 5
Z rrceVoxo fe-t, $3-6°; ** lo X 4^ 4°= q^aty; on special sa e ta-day ~« and well made; on special sa!e to __ > re-ular y $i.* 5 dozen botfe:_spedal Fridv «
A* pxiaVeet .•..-.. $4*8O only *£-&G day only; eac h *§-WG and Sa urday, do 2 en Q5 5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l|jjw •i;--nasgi|j| Solid oak
Hi-. \ 1 1 26 inches
|||; ||53SJT|I, adjustable
Mi ' .jwmiiiiiiw^ sli elves.
i|^ro^j| Only $7.50.
& Get an estimate from us on
g everything required to furnish
H your entire establishment.
B Credit and free delivery within
n ioo miles. We close at six, ex-
¦ cept on Saturday.
|T. Brilliant
I FURNITURE CO.,
B 338-342 POST STREET,
H ' ~ Opposite Union Square.
flllDlT 1
m ¦' This Great Train S
B AMD i. »^^ 1
g . nins but twica m
5 per weak during S
9 THURSDAY *"T" • J
BR ~ II BprlvfiS ill P9
i •¦¦»A A iai- Chicago at 2.15 i
J CALIFQBN1& -r*i
SiiMinn ~ 1
9 LI III 1 1 til H$ hljfH standard B
B of service is , ||
I ON fully maintained. I
¦ aimti rr if
l'aMii'Tt: J
DR.MEYERS&CO. J^te.
Specialist: Disease aSSi^'' t ' •
and weakness ~o£ jgs$0 f
m e h. Established mOI? Mims^Stff
free, at office or by ' *c2fec '^WC
mall. Cures puar- « \Whuti05£w
ar.teed. 7JU Mar- KS^^S t 'v^ ¦
ket' street (eleva- jfC"'"*^^^^ ' ¦
tor entrance), San 4Gfk^~l_jSiM$$i >•>
Weak Men aid Women
tiHOULD USE ; DAMIANA~ BITTEUS^THK
: Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot.. 323 'Market.
-ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OP THE- »
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -OF THE
Wilhelma of MagdebuTg
I'-. INSURANCE COMPANY
QF MAGDEBURG, IN THE STATE OF
i\nn Prus J la ,' °" the 31st da y ot December. A. D.
1300 and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
btate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections CIO and 6|l of the Political Cod« •
condensed as per blartk furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL. . ,;
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In <*
Cash .......r. -... |750,ooo oo
/ ASSETS."
Real; Estate owned by Company.... $918,766 43
Loans- on Bonds and Mortgages 9,505.150 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... 41,856 73
Cash in Company's Office 6 055 10
Cash in Banks 66,481 79
Interest due and accrued on all .
-Stocks and Loans ; 176 95
Premiums In due Course of Collec-'
tion f 531,431 89
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 10 590 83
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 1,169,509 45
Total Assets ; J12.250.129 24
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense A $94.S6S 50
Gross Premiums on Marine and In- • .
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 31,143 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time.
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent 76,430 50
Liability. under other Branches 10,799,262 13
Cash Dividends remaining unpaid. 518 '23
Due for Reinsurances 21,808 97
-Total Liabilities .........$11,024.03137
-T.-XTi: INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $375,673 93
Received for Interest on Bonds and .
Mortgages 360,500 63
Received for Interest and dividends . .
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 58,533 36
Received from all other sources.... 2,498,036 43
Total Income .'.. $3,492,769 39
EXPENDITURES. ~ ' ~~
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
. (Including!.... losses of pre-
vious years) $498,933 53
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage - 85,740 01
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 23,763 27
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .: 3,319 26
All other payments and expendi-
tures -.,- 1,499,37120
Total Expenditures $2,116,132 37
.¦•••".:*'.¦« .-^ ,. . Marine."*
Losses Incurred during the year/ ..•.$o20.851 25
Marine- ' • •-'*¦ ;¦
Risks and Premiums. \ Risks. • Premiums.
Net amount of Risks • . . . :. .-¦ '•
written during " the Si ~' - . -'¦
year -' ¦ $229,284,339 $669,821 «7
Net - amount of . Risks • - , ¦ ' .¦ . .
expired during, the . • *¦ '- -
year ..'.......: ....'228.516,170 658,495 21..
Net amount- in force ':'<- ¦•¦•.-..» '¦'¦ *¦' *.
December 31. 1900..... 8.933.304 107.573 W
r ; ¦;.'; TH. DAMM ANN, Manager, j
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Kh
day of May. l?01. - . ', ' ,
/ WILHELM HUMBERT. Notary Public.
GUTTE & KpANK, Managers,
303 CALIFORNIA ST.
¦ l /Dr,STRONG&CO.>^S% >
EL ."PATENTS"' j)
O fl Pi" fVfSlf I I Corner Fourth and
valises checked fre*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ; MAGDEBURG, IN THE STATE OF
Prussia, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
l'JOO, and for the year ending: on that day. aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 619 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Corn*
missioner: ; » -.-..
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock.' paid up In
Cash $730,000 00
" ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company.... (534,139 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.260,036 01
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.624.860 63
Cash In Company's OfSce 1,693 51 '
Cash in Banks 512,431 37
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7.247 8S
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 286,40*42
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 493,2*3 S3
Total Assets $4,750,118 31
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $533,751 U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1.651.TS1 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $ ;
reinsurance pro rata r. 299,955 39
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 750.04
All other liabilities 238.943 39
Total Liabilities $2,773,132 17
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,410,781 SO
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 47.70O7S
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 64.372 32
Received for Rents 17,801 »
Received from all other sources.... 34.50S 25
Total Income '. $4,574,959 94*
EXPENDITURES. ; .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $542,045 66, losses of pre-
vious years) $3,047,007 41
Dividends to Stockholders 223.000 03
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage : .". 800.024 97
Paid for , Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.;.. 173.1S1 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 80.25101
AH other payments and expendi-
tures - 173.143 94
Total Expenditures $4,438.708 33
. • H. VATKE. President.
.-*.- "rC'riV-Vy: BERNDT. Vice President.
- Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th
day of April, 1901. MAX J. BITELER.
.: . „ f--<r, ___V • **• S ' Consnl -
GUTTE & : FRANK, ...Managers,
;?¦ 303 CALIFORNIAST. "
DOUGLAS B. WATSON, City Agent,
520 CALIFORNIA ST.
S.FIG2L&S0N-Y.D EflRHARDT
? \ ' .SOLICITORS. -.
V . DR.PIERCES
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE »~
: DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLKETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints ot th*
Organs of Generation.
Price 11 ft bottle. For sal* by druxslsta.FRIDAY t ... JULY 26, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. £
Addreii All Coamtnieitloni to W. 8. LEAK, Hunger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. ......Telephone P re **_J^2f.
II I1LICAT1O.V OVFlCtS. ..BInrltet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Pre«» 201.
l.ntTOniAL ROOMS 21T to 221 SteTenson St.
Telephone Pre«« 202.
nellTered by Cnrrlem, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnirle Copie*. 5 Centff.
Terma br Mall. Including Pontaflret ,
riAILT CALL, Onelndln* Bunday). one year I«- M
r»ATLT CALX, <lncludlnr Sunday), .« month* S- 00
PAILT CALL, (including Sunday), I nonths 1-M
r»*TL.T CALL-By Slnrle Month ffi0
FC2CDAT CALU One Tear ~ I - 60
¦WKKKL.T CALU One Tear 1 ' 00
All poatmacteri are authorised to receive
¦abffcrtptfon*.
Bampto copies -will be forwarded when requested.
Htil TODierrbers In orderlac chanr« of «aflr*«s should be
T*rtleular to rire both NETT A3ST> OLD AHDRKSS in order
to lnsar* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GRORGE KROGXKSS.
Kuttger Foreign Advertising. M»r?n«tto Bnildinf., CUwffo.
<! CLocc Distance Telephone "Central 261t.")
KBW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARl«TO?r Herald Square
irevr tork representative:
*TKPHKJI B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlidlns
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brent ano, tl T7nlos Square:
Mrrray Wll Hotel,
nRAKCH OFFICES—^27 Montromerjr, corner o' C 18 -*- °P* n
until t:M o'clock. SM Hayea, open until t:3A o'clock. €31
VeAIlUtOT-. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
• :S9 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. Z2C1 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. lf<M Valencia, open
tmtil I o'clock. VA Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. KW.
corner Twenty-*eoond and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
r?00 CTJlmore. open until S p. m.
BUMMER RATES at . Hotel - del Coronado,
Coronado Beach, Cal., , effective . after April 15,
$60 for round trip, Including 15 days at hotel.
j Pacific Coast S. k. Co., 4 New Montgomery st.
If we cannot get new contractors for street clean
sing, the Mayor might at least require the old ones to
The announcement that Austin Dobson is to retire
from the British civil service with a pension brings
to light the fact that the poet has for many years been
engaged in the work of protecting fish, and yet there
is nothing in his poetry that suggests a scaly occupa
tibh.3S&
Ten dollars for food for the office cat is
perhaps the most curious allowance ever
made by a Postmaster General, says a
Washington correspondent. An item '. of
this kind was sanctioned to-day by Post
master General Smith. The food is for
the office cat of the postofflce of St. Paul,
Minn. That office is an ancient affair, and 1
is so densely populated with rodents that j
it is -necessary to keep a cat in the, office
for the purpose of decreasing the number
of rats. .
When the requisition from the St. Paul
office reached the department here it
caused some laughter among: the officials,
-but when the . explanation accompanying
the requisition was read the matter, seem
ed more serious, and the allowance was
granted. > . .••';• : ' - ¦
This is one of . the f ew instances- on
record where a cat has been placed upon
the payrolls of Uncle Sam. >
CAT ON PAYROLL.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The following
Calif ornians are registered here: At Ar
lington—F. B. Dallam and wife. C. S.
Crellln and wife. Earl Crellln. At Shore
ham Mrs. R. F. Whatson and Francis J.
Heney. All from San Francisco.
NEW YORK, July 25.— The following
Calif ornians aro in New York: From
San Francisco— A. J. Lebreton, at the
Amsterdam; C. F. Bryant, at the Ven
dome, and P. leeches, at the Cadillac.
From Los Angele^-I* D. Beck, at the As
tor; Mrs. L.. I». Carr, at the Grand Union;
TV. P. Lowery, at the Broadway Central;
Mrs. Fortesque. at the Park Avenue; K.
Koeblg, and Mrs. A: H. Koeblg. at the
Manhattan. a
Calif ornians in Washington./'
Calif ornlans in, .New York.
prophesy unless he knows-
j It is questionable what is to be the effect of these
new. issues.: There are some optimists who look upon
them as the natural, outcome of > prosperity, while
others believe them to constitute an overproduction
of. securities which is sooner or later to have a bad
effect upon finance and industry. Warnings in plenty
have been given by the. alarmists, but of course the
hopeful pay no attention to them. Prudent people,
however, will be wary of investing, too much in -a
market that -is so suddenly swollen \ by the multipli
cation of securities. There seems to be something
like a craze in the business which will have to run 1
if s course, but "as to what the end will be let no man
When to that report there is added the further in
formation that the speculative boom in enterprises of
various kinds has led to the issue of a large amount
of stocks and bonds not listed on the exchange, it
will be seen that the opportunities for the investment
of money are ample enough to suit all tastes and air
conditions of wealth.
According to a recent statement of the Financial
Chronicle there were listed on the New York Stock
Exchange during the first six months of this year
new issues of bonds to the amount of $161,678,500,
which just about equals the amount listed altogether
during the first half of the four .preceding years.
Bonds issued to replace old securities (in. many cases
stocks) aggregated $226,978,400 additional in the half
year. At the. same time the listings of stock, includ
ing new issues and to take up old issues, aggregated
$1,273,587,575— a volume never before even partially
approached.
REPORTS from New York show considerable
anxiety among financial experts concerning
the probable effect upon the welfare of the
country of the extraordinary increase in the number
of securities of all sorts and values that have been
placed upon the market. It appears that these at
tractions for investors have become almost numerous
enough to afford Wall street securities and stocks
to throw at the birds if the brokers should care to
amuse themselves in that way while the weather is
too hot to make it pleasant to burn anything.
SECURITIES MULTIPLYING.
There is an earnest clamor in the East for the Gov
ernment to devise some kind of a postage stamp that
will not get clammy and stick to anything it touches
during the humid spells.
Admitting that. the exhibitions so far given have
not been so bad as those of Mexico, or of Spain," it can
nevertheless be safely said that if they continue 'it will
not be very long before a demand will be made for
the "real thing." In fact,; one of the promoters of
the exhibition is reported; to -have said: "We. have
A reporter describing the scene, when a 1 toreador
was struck by a bull and knocked over says : "Spec
tators stood on seats and roared shouts of excited
comment, shrieking in a hysteria of diabolical delight
at the plight of the toreador, hurling improvised darts
of pin-stuck sticks at the animal's sides, sending a
shower of seat cushions into the arena, shouting jo
cosely as the maddened, foam-streaked animal turned
first to the toreador, who had fallen under his hoofs
and lay panting, struggling, yelling, then sought to
hook his horns into the flying cushions. The interest
ing features of agility of the toreadors and the usually
comical evolutions of the bulls in turning against their
tormentors were considered tame by the spectators,
who desired something of even more dangerous char
acter than was- being exhibited for them. They
•wanted either a bull's life or a toreador's life to get
their money's worth." ' . . V
animal. In one of the exhibitions a matador slipped
before the bull, and ere he could rise or assistance be
given the bull gored him and tossed him up in the
air, breaking two of his ribs. • Several other casual
tics almost as bad occurred at other exhibitions, and
it is seemingly an expectation of witnessing some
thing of the kind that has drawn the spectators to
crowd the a-ena.
The assertions of the Omaha people are in a meas
ure correct. It appears that no bull has been killed
in the ring, and no attempt has been made to kill one,
but none the less the one element of attraction pos
sessed by the sport is .that of danger. The bulls are
prodded, tormented and lanced until they become en
raged, and then the game consists in seeing whether
the toreadors can escape the horns of the maddened
THE BULLFIGHTS AT OMAHA.
BUFFALO'S exposition, with all its industrial
exhibits and Midway attractions, has hardly
caused so much talk in the East this summer
as the series of bullfights at Omaha. It is only fair
to Omaha to say at once that the people there do not
refer to the shows as bull "fights." They assert that
no horses are used, that the bulls are not killed, and
that the contests between the various performers and
the bulls bear no more relation to a Spanish bullfight
than does a well ordered "sparring match to a prize
fight.
Professor Starr of the University of Chicago is
quoted as having said recently that if the American
people "exclude all foreign immigrants it will take
only a few years for the Indian to haunt his old-time
pastures again." Surely President Harper will even
tually get on to those professors of his and shoot a
star or two by way of a lesson to the rest.
NICARAGUA CANAL— D. C. M., Fres
no, Cal. As early as 1550 Antonio Galvao
broached the subject of a canal from the
Atlantic to the Pacific to include Lake
Nicaragua. In June, 1826, tho Central
American Government gavo A, H. Pal
mer of New York a franchise to construct
a canal through the republic of Nicara
gua for vessels of the largest burden. In
1S42 Louis Napoleon, who afterward be
came Emperor, proposed to build a ship
canal across Nicaragua. The Govern
ment of Nicaragua proposed to do the
same thing in 1846, Colonel O. W, Childs
made a survey in 1S51 for an American
company that was to have a charter for
eighty-five years, but the capitalists who
had promised funds withdrew, so noth
ing came of the project. Cornelius Van
derbllt.was at the head of the movement
In 1876 a route was surveyed to connect
Greytown on the Atlantic side by canal
with San Juan, the canal to continue
on the north bank of that river to San
Carlos, at which point navigation on the
San Juan begins, then by canal to Lake
Nicaragua, then through, the- valley of
Rio del Medio and Rio Grande to Brito
on the Pacific. ".'.',
HERMIT OF MARIN COUNTY— Sub
scriber,. City. There was published in
The Call of November 6, 1898, an article
relative to Henry Abbott, who was called
the "Hermit of Marin County." He dis
appeared from Pacheco, Contra Costa
County, about thirty years before that
time and for that period lived in the hol
low of a tree In Marin County. On the
3d and 4th of September there were also
published In this paper stories oC Ebenezer
Wormouth, a singular, individual who
lived in Mill Valley, Marin County. •
STATE LINE— Subscriber, City. The
altitude at the State lino between Cali
fornia and Oregon, whero the cars of the
Suacta route cross, is 2S70 feet. The alti
tude of Slskiyou, Jackson County, Or.,
which Is 414 miles from San Francisco
and nine miles from the State line, is 4130
feet.
4 *
PETROLEUM LANDS— M. D., Wood
land, Cal. The American Mining Code
says that petroleuta lands are located as
aro placer claims. The other questions
asked aro such as require a judicial in
terpretation upon the presentation of the
evidence on both sides. This department
does not undertake to decide questions
that call for a judicial Interpretation.
The questions should be submitted to the
General Land Office at Washington. D. C.
THE ALMSHOUSE-A. O. S., City. The
Almshouse of San Francisco Is distant
about six miles from the Hall of Justice
upon what is known as the Rancho San
Miguel and In sight of Laguna Honda. It
was opened on the 12th of September,' 1S67.
THE CIVIL WAR-Subscriber, City.
Statistics of the civil war show: Killed.
110,174; died from wounds received In bat
tle. 199,720; died in Confederate prisons,
24,866.
THE GERMAN" NAVT-N. C, City.
Brassey's Annual for 1901, which gives a
list of all the vessels in the German navy,
does not show that any German war ves
sel was built In the United States.
GENERAL EARLY— S. r City. General
Jubal A. Early, -who served with the
Confederates during the Civil War»-died
in Lynchburg, Va., March 2, JS94.
CERTIFICATE TAX— J. H. H. t City.
The war tax on stock certificates has not
been repealed. The tax on such is five
cents for each .5100 of face value or frac
tion thereof.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
John W. L/inck, special treasury agent,
has come from Tacoma to assist Special
Treasury Agent Channing in making his
annual report on Custom-house affairs.
Thomas Maclay and his wife, who was
formerly Miss Wlckersham of Petaluma,
arrived in the city yesterday on their hon
eymoon. They are at the Palace.
Dr. A. E. Brune, a San Francisco phy
sician, who has been absent in Europe for
the last year, returned home Tuesday.
Val JtcClatchy, business manager and
one of the proprietors of the Sacramento
Bee, is in this city on business.
E. Rich, a popular young clerk at the
Grand, is spending his* summer vacation
at Pacific Grove. • .
J. Waterman, the young clubman and
capitalist of Santa Barbara, Is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. C. S. Gregory of Treka is at the
Grand.
John D. Works of Los Angeles Is at the
Palace.
O. A. Hale, merchant, of San Jose. Is at
the California.
W. P. Lynch, a Cherokee mining man,
is at the Lick.
E. W. Churchill, the banker, of Napa, is
staying at the Palace.
Dr. S. B. Gordan of Salinas registered
at the Grand yesterday.
W. H. Devlin, the well-known attorney
of Sacramento, is at the Lick.
C. G. Lamberson, a prominent attorney
of Vlsalla, is registered at the Lick.
John A. Mclntyre, a prominent fruit
grower qf Sacramento, is at the Lick.
The issue is made up. The appeal goes to stanch
and true Republicans to unite to save San Francisco
politics from the evil that threatens. The only sure
way to defeat boss domination is for Republicans to
organize for good government.
There is one thing certain — the people of San Fran
cisco will not elect a ticket nominated by boss dicta
tion if there be any other kind of ticket presented to
them. It is, moreover, well known that there !s more
independence of spirit among Republicans than
among Democrats, and therefore the chance of a boss
ticket bearing the Republican party name will be less
than that of one bearing the Democratic name. If,
then, Republicans surrender their party to the bosses
they will virtually surrender the city to the Demo
crats.
Such being the issues that confront the Republicans
of San Francisco, there ought to be no hesitation on
the part of any good and true upholder of the party
and its principles to ur.ite with the clubs of the league
rind take an active share in the work for honest poli
tics and good government. Any kind of indifference
or negligence of political duties at this time is vir
tually a consent to boss domination, for the only al
ternative to genuine Republicanism is just that kind
of control.
It is to be borne in mind that in effecting the or
ganization of genuine Republicans in the district clubs
the league gave every assurance that the work was to
be done in the interests of the party and of the city,
and not of individuals. An advisory committee was
appointed, made up of men who are well known not
only in politics but in business and professional cir
cles, and whose names are a guarantee of every pledge
made by the league. It is therefore with undoubted
right that the league claims the support of all stanch
and true Republicans in the contest against the pre
datory bosses and their unscrupulous allies.
In order to accomplish those purposes the league
set about organizing Republican clubs in the various
Assembly districts. They have received a gratifying
support from the genuine Republicans of the city,
and of their effectiveness there is no question. Events
now occurring show how important such organiza
tions are. The bosses, whose very names are a by
word and a reproach to the politics of the city, have
found support from men like the Governor of the
State, Lynch of the Federal brigade and Herrin of
the Southern Pacific. Had there been no organiza
tion on the part of the league the better elements of
the Republican party would now be at a hopeless dis
advantage in the contest, and the chances of nomi
nating a party ticket that will command the confidence
of the people would be slight indeed.
FOR the purpose of rousing public interest in
the approaching municipal election, and to as
sure the success of honest, politics under the new
primary law, the Republican Primary League was
formed. It was never the intention of the founders
of the league nor of those who have since united with
it to make use of it in advancing the fortunes of any
candidate or set of candidates; neither was it, nor
is it, the intention to use it to antagonize any can
didate. Its objects were and are those of awakening
the people to a sense of the importance of primary
elections and of promoting genuine Republicanism.
ORGANIZING FOR GOOD GOV
ERNMENT.
"1 would like to Interest you hi th»
greatest discovery of recent years,'* be
gan the seedy stranger* "It is nothing
less than a preparation to exterminate
every fly In creation."
"Can't interest us," said the proprietor.
"We manufacture horse netting. Where
would we be if there were no files?"
"Then perhaps I can interest your
neighbor?"
"No; he sells wire screens."— Chicago
News,
"1 ain't a-goln* to flght no more irtd dat
measly Terry Dooley. He don't fight
fair."
"Wofs de matter wld htm?"
M Aw, he's got such a short neck, dat I
can't give him a Jolt on de Jug-lari"-»
Plain Dealer. ** ' •., '
Tve been pondering over a very «ixv»
Kular thing."
"What is it?'*
"How putting: a rragr on a woman's
third linger should place you under that
woman's thumb." — Evening Wisconsin*
Mrs. Jasper— Mrs. Subbnba Is too- m««n
for anything.
Jasper— Why do yon say so?
"I hinted and hinted for a montlt that
she let us have her baby chair which her
boy has outgrown and she didn't notice^
but as soon as I went and bought one.
she said, 'Why. you might hav© had
mine.' "—Life.
•*Why do you shoot a lot of fireworks
to show yoor patriotism, instead of learn
ing the Declaration of Independence by
heart?"
"For the reason," answered th» mart.
who Is never at a loss tor an answer.
"that actions always speak louder than,
words."— "Washington Star.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
She— Marriageable women fa Servfa
have a queer way of announcing that they
are In the matrimonial market. A dressed
doll hanging to the principal window of a.
house Indicates that there is living ther9
a woman who Is anxious to become &
bride.
He— How queer It would seem if that
custom were adopted in Tonkers. Imagln*
the great nnmber of dolls one would see!"
— Yonkers Statesman.
Colonel Jenks painted the portraits of many famous men and
women. In Illinois ha painted a portrait of Abraham Lincoln
which the President had removed to Washington In preference
to the works of the most distinguished artists of the country.
He painted the portraits of General John A. Losan and his fam
ily. Postmaster General Marshall Jewell; O. H. Browning Sec
retary of the Interior. General Phil H. Sheridan, and many
Governors, Senators and Congressmen.
rose from the rank of captain to- that of major, and then to
that of lieutenant coloneL" *
At the close of the war Colonel Jenks removed to Chicago
and immediately began the study of portrait painting. In this
specialty he attained marked success, and after a few years
started West. He visited Colorado, remained for a season at
San Francisco, and then located in Los Angeles.
OLONEL ALBERT JENKS, the artist, who died sud
(T denly In Los Angeles several days ago, bore a reraark
(L able resemblance to Andrew Carnegie, the great Bteel
magnate and philanthropist. The two men, one noted
for his many munificent gifts to various cities in this
country, and the other as a painter of .portraits, could easily
have been taken for twin brothers: The late Colonel Jenks was
not alone famous as a painter, but he also had a career of
prominence in the army. At the opening of the Civil "War he
patriotically left art and business and organized a company of
cavalry. He first served under' General Slgel, and later with
General Rosecrans. He was also with General Grant for five
months, becoming a warm personal friend of the soldier Pres
ident, and later served under General Sheridan. He successively
THE PORTRAITS OF THE PHILANTHROPIC MULTI-MILLIONAIRE WHO IS GIVING HIS GREAT FORTUNE *
AWAY AND THE LATE GIFTED ARTIST WHO PASSED AWAY RECENTLY IN LOS ANGELES SHOW HOW
MUCH THE TWO MEN RESEMBLE EACH OTHER.
jurious to the contractors. The contractors de
murred and asked for payment of interest on the
money they had already tied up. A second board met,
and its report is now pending in Washington. This
has dragged on for eighteen months."
It is certajnly within the scope of their rightful in
terest in public affairs that our merchants and other
citizens of influence should insistently urge the Navy
Department to sign the contract for the stone dry
dock and go ahead with the work. It cannot be con
structed in a day, and the sooner it is begun the
better.
It is worth noting in this connection that the fact
that three battleships are awaiting a chance to enter
the drydock at Bremerton has aroused the active
spirits of the Puget Sound citiqs to make an earnest
effort to procure the construction of another drydock
of the. largest class at that point. It therefore be
hooves the people of California to present the claims
of Mare Island at once and^keep them present in the
minds of Congress and of the administration untitl
the desired work is obtained. ... . & j ? . _____ *
The issue is one of interest to the whole nation.'
The Puget Sound stations can never be wholly safe
so long as the British retain their tremendous and
formidable military and naval station at the straits
through' which the Sound opens to the sea. The
Mare Island Navy-yard is safe, and in time of war
a ship more or less disabled would never have to
pass anywhere near an enemy's guns in seeking it for
repairs. Moreover, it is the center of all the com
merce on this side of the Pacific. The nation can
not afford to have a second-rate naval station . at
Mare Island, nor can it afford to leave unused the
magnificent facilities that have been already estab
lished there. For those reasons the people of San
Francisco and of California will have ample grounds
to justify their insistence that the Navy Department
and Congress shall each in its way build up and make
use of the station. To that end they should unite,
and every member of Congress from California
whether Senator or Representative, should be pledged
to do whatever lies in his power to promote the
movement.
» ,• _ ¦
SINCE a number of the leading business men of
San Francisco have made a visit of inspection
to Mare Island Navy-yard and have noted both
the magnitude of the plant and the comparatively little
use that is being made of it, there is good reason for
expecting they will exert their influence to obtain
from Congress *the appropriations required to make
such improvements as are necessary, and also to
bring about a fuller use of the existing plant than is
now being made by the Navy Department.
There can be no question of the imperative need
of a new drydock at Mare Island and of a deeper
channel. At the present time the construction of new
battleships and other war vessels has gone beyond
the navy-yard facilities for taking care of them. On
this coast the Oregon, the Wisconsin and the Iowa
are awaiting repairs, and all three of them have been
sent to Bremerton, on Puget Sound. There each of
them has to await its turn, and as the Wisconsin and
Iowa have precedence, it will probably be several
months before the much needed repairs on the Ore
gon can be made.
In the meantime the work of. constructing a new
drydock at Mare Island waits. In describing the sit
uation concerning it to the visiting merchants Mr.
Campbell, secretary of the Vallejo Chamber of Com
merce, said: "There was appropriated $750,000 for
a new dock, large enough for battleships, to be made
of wood. A contract was let. Then our Congress
men thought it would be better to have it made of
stone. They got an additional $300,000 appropriation.
But 'the contract had already been signed, and the
contractors demanded, more money for building it of
stone. A naval board met and returned a report in-
MARE ISLAND NAVY-YARD.
A Connecticut woman followed a peddler for a mile,
then knocked him down with a rock and robbed him
of $15. After that who will say the new woman is
not up with the procession?
These facts of Herrin's career are not matters of
guesswork. He has been secret and he has been cun
ning, but he has not been able to hide his trail.
Should President Hays or the directors of the road
choose to make an investigation they can find abun
dant evidence that Herrin's dirty work in politics is
done as well for his private practice as for the cor
porations he is supposed to serve. If, therefore, the
order of President Hays concerning the misuse of
railroad influence and money in political intrigues is
not to become a farce Herrin must go.
So far as appears from the record his service con
sisted solely in signing his name to a brief. Of course na
sane man will believe that he was so richly rewarded
for the mere use of his name. It is evident that he
was able to extract the promise of a large sum from
the litigants only because he was believed to have
influence with the bench and had a pull on the deci
sion. In short, Herrin uses the money of corpora
tions to support corrupt bosses, uses the bosses to
put corrupt men in office and "on the bench, and then
uses those corrupt creatures as a means of enriching
himself. . ,
As an illustration of his method of doing business
in that way the fact may be cited that he is to receive
a princely fee in the Fair will case. It is not known
that he made any argument in that case or did any
other legal work in it, and yet he is to be paid a large
sum for his service.
By the use sometimes of Spring Valley money,
sometimes of the street railroad money, sometimes of
Southern Pacific money, and sometimes of all three,
Herrin has been able through his alliance with Kelly
to get some of his creatures on the State Board of
Equalization, the Railroad Commission and even on
the judicial bench. Having put his creatures into
those offices he makes the fullest use of them to his
own advantage. It is not solely for the corporations
that he uses them, for in addition to the three offices
which he holds as attorney he also does a shrewd law
business on his own account. Having the reputation
of having a secret but powerful influence with the
bench, he is able to be of use to clients who have big
cases and who can pay big fees.
In his political adventures Herrin has chosen to
array himself against the people of San Francisco and
ally himself with Boss Kelly. His reason for doing
so is not due wholly to the personal charms and con
geniality which he finds, in Kelly's companionship.
The two are acting together because it is mutually
profitable. By putting their tools into office Kelly
is able to work certain jobs which are remunerative
to him, and Herrin works others which are even
more remunerative.
President Hays has given orders that the employes
of the Southern Pacific Company shall give their
energies to the business for which they are paid and
keep out of politics. That order Herrin has not
obeyed. Doubtless President Hays sees to it that
Herrin uses none of the money of the Southern Pa
cific Company in his political adventures, but that
does not prevent him from using the money of the
water company and that of the street railway corpora
tion; nor, so long as he holds an important office
in the Southern Pacific Company, does it prevent
him from using the prestige of that^ position to fur
ther his schemes. » ,
Judged by his activities Herrin, like Cerberus of
old, is a three-headed dog with a serpent's tail; one
head serves the Southern Pacific, another serves the
Spring Valley Water Company, while the third serves
the Market Street Railway Company. As for the ser
pentine tail of him, it is forever wriggling and squirm
ing and poisoning where it can in California politics.
t' tt tHEN President Hays returns to San tfran
\/\/ cisco he' will do well to give his undivided
V * |attienttonffqr a while to the political adven
tures of.W. F. Herrin, who uses and abuses the office
of attorney for the Southern Pacific Company. In
deed, he would do better, perhaps, if he would give
his attention to the subject now and submit the mat
ter to the directors of the road when he meets them
in New York.
HERRIN AND HIS TAOTICS.
been given the name of holding brutal exhibitions
and real bullfights. 'Such being the case, we might
as well have the game." That opinion will eventually
be shared by the spectators.. It would seem, there
fore/ that the Omaha enterprise is one that should
not be encouraged. From bull baiting to bull fight
ing the step is but a short one, and there is no good
to be gained in tolerating even the beginning of such
a movement.
STRIKING RESEMBLANCE BETWEEN
CARNEGIE AND LATE COLONEL JENKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 2G, 1001.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-nouse— "Paul Kauvar.**
Central— "Trilby."
Tivoll— "The Toy Maker."
rallfonila— 'The Case of Rebellious Susan," Monday, July 19
<"irpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Garrett O'Math."
Alcazar — "The Country Girl."
Olj-mpla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties. '
Hiutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
veninr.
Flwher's — Vaudeville,
recreation Park— Baseball.
Putro Bathn— Swimming. ¦
AUCTION SALES.
ny Union Stackyard" Company— Monday, July 29. at 10
>lork. Parking -houw Machinery, at Rodeo. Cal.
Call Bnbacrlbers contemplatinff a change of
residence during; the Rummer months can havo
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addrenet by notifying Tbe Call Bnilmeii Office.
Thin pmirr will also be on sale at all summer
resort* and U represented by a local agent la
all torriia on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Visit. Stockton.
Special excursion via Santa Fe Saturday, July
27th. Rate $2.00 for the round trip. Tickets good
returning Sunday or Monday. ' Trains leave
from Santa Fe slip, foot of Market rt.. 7:9> a.
m., 4:20 p. m. and 8 p. no.
The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thenc*
via Merced Falls. Coultervllle. Hazel Green.
Merced Ble Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This is the mos| popular routa
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar-
ket at. for particulars and folder.
Best Way to the Yosemite.
In Germany ten years ago out of every
1000 students who entered the universities
206 were students of theology; In 1S93 th»»
number was 150 for each 1000, while thlj
year it is only 101.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1Q4& •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, In flre-etch^d boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Townsecd's. Palace Hotel*POLITICAL WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY AS NOW IN VOGUE.
John R. Dunn has been appointed a
Chinese inspector under the civil service
rules for the probationary period of six
months. He is a son .of Chief James R.
Dunn of the Chinese Burean, and has
been assisting in the bureau work for a
year or more. Henry C. Sisson of Wash
ington, D. C. has been appointed, a Chi
nese inspector and has been assigned to
duty at this port.
Two Chinese Inspectors Appointed
Mrs. Parker died in New York, where
the family had gone to embark on a visit
to Europe. The family returned at once,
arriving here with the body July 1L Sam
uel Parker, tho husband, was one of the
best-known mm of the islands during the
reign of Queen Li'.ioukalani. He was the
Queens trusted adviser and made numer
ous trip? to San Francisco and Washing
ton as her confidential agent-
Pnrker cf Honolulu was held Wednesday
afternoon from undertaking- parlors on
MisFion street. The body was taken to
Honolulu by the City of Peru, sailing yes
terday.
The funeral was largely attended by
former residents of Honolulu. Rev. J. Lee
conducted the Episcopal service. A quar
tet of Hawaiians sang native music. A
large number of beautiful floral offerings
HAUCAHA2T MUSIC SUNG
AT FUNERAL SERVICES
Last Hitrs for Mrs. Samuel Parker,
Wife of Late Queen Liliuokalani's
. . Trusted Adviser.
The funeral of Mrs. Colonel Samuel
Schemes of Compromise Presented to Independent Clubs Signify Clearly
That Forces of Manipulators Are Weakening— W. F. Herrin Must Show
His Colors — Effective . District Organization of the Primary League
It is asserted that the funds of the local
committee will fall short of requirements
to the amount of $3900. Had the officers
of the league paid their own expenses,
the same as the more humble members
of that body, this deficiency might not
now exist. The practice of guaranteeing
the expenses of the officials alluded to
is an old one. but should the league ever
sgain come to this city It is quite likely
that the officers will pay their own bills.
The greater part of the money sent to
the programme committee was used to
defray the traveling expenses to this city
and return of members to their homes.
Among these were Bishop Joyce, the Rev.
J. F. Berry, the R«v. H. M. Du Bose. the
Rev. A. C. Crews, and several others, all
officials of hijrh standing in the interna
tional league. It is understood that the
entire sura was not disbursed and that
the surplus will be returned to the local
committee. Whatever the sum may be.
it will be devoted to paying the bill of
the Palace Hotel for live days' board at
that hostelry of a dozen or more of the
•convention officials, these claims not hav
ing been l.p-ured by the programme com
mittee in the expense account to be met
by the UQOQ appropriated by the local
committee.
As the months passed away and the
time for holding the convention ap
proached, the programme committee,
which seemed lo believe that the prom
ises made by San Francisco would not be
carried out, sent out two emissaries in
December last to survey the situation.
These were Judge J\ D. Fuller, secretary
of the programme committee, and Dr.
R. S. Copeland. ft professor in the Uni
versity of Michigan, and at present Mayor
of Ann Arbor, Mich. These gentlemen
had several animated conferences with
the local committee relative to the con
ditions subscribed to at Indianapolis, the
result being that the> sum of $4000 was paid
over. It now transpires that the expenses
of Messrs. Fuller and Copeland while
here were paid out of this sum. The ne
cessity for Incurring this additional ex
pense did not, according to the local com
mittee, exist.
The international committee was not
entirely satisfied with this assurance,
but the members exacted a heavy bond
that all the promises made would be car
ried out to the letter. Among the condi
tions Imposed was one requiring that $4000
be paid to the programme committee in
advance to defray the expenses of the
league officials and of certain programme
speakers, none of whom It was repre
sented could be expected to travel as far
as San Francises) at their own expense.
When the effort to secure the conven
tion for San Francisco was made two
years ago at Indianapolis the committee
on resolutions was very determined in
the enforcement of its demands.. It was
not content to accept the word of the San
Francisco delegation that a sufficient sum
of money would be raised to meet all rea
sonable expenses and provide the visitors
vrlth suitable entertainment.
The report of the general committee of
the International Epworth League which
is in course of preparation Is anxiously
awaited by local Leaguers, many of whom
are desirous of learning Just how expen
sive the entertainment of the principal
officers of the league has proved to be.
Board at Palace Hotel and
Other Bills Amount to
$3000.
Committee Is Forced to
Pay Expenses of Ep
worth Officials.
LOCAL LEAGUERS
NOT SATISFIED
BOSSES OF KELLY-GAGE COMBINE
NOW DODGING AN OPEN CONTEST
You can buy round-trip tickets to Stockton
Saturday, July 27th, and return Sunday or Mon
day. ' Only costs $2.00. Santa Fe trains leave
7:20 a. m., 4:20 p. rn. and 8 p. in.
Open for All.
Bishop and Mrs. Joyce of ¦ Minneapolis
were the guests of honor at a reception
tendered yesterday by the Woman's Horns
Missionary Society. The prettily decor
ated rooms of the Oriental Rescue Home
of the Methodist Episcopal church at 912
Washington street were crowded with
church workers. Mrs. Robert McClellan
welcomed the distinguished guests and
both responded in fitting. words. The Chi
nese girls in the home sang hymns and
recited for the guests. • : .-: i*
Guests of Missionary Workers.
1 , . In the 3>ivorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to John W. ¦'.. RIcker from Mary A.
Ricker for desertion, Bonnie Kroeckel
from George Kroeckel for infidelity, Wil
liam Hildebrand from Annie Hlldebrand
for desertion, Amanda J. Wardell from
Conrad J.~ Wardell for cruelty and Ber
nard Bernstein 'from Gussle Bernstein for
desertion. - : ,
Agnes May Cappelmann ¦ has sued John
Cappelmann for divorce, alleging deser
tion as cause of action.
A. Ottlnger and the other ticket scalp
ers joined with him in the action insti
tuted by the Southern Pacific Company to
enjoin the "scalpers" from' dealing in Ep
worth League and other tickets filed an
answer and a demurrer yesterday to the
complaint of the railroad company. In
the demurrer the "scalpers" -set up the
contention that 'in order to make their
complaint good the railroad must join all
holders of alleged "scalped" tickets as de
fendants, and must also join as defend
ants! all companies whose lines connect
with those of the plaintiff corporation and
upon which it is alleged the so-called
"scalped" tickets are recognized as bind
ing on the corporations whose lines serve
as extensions of those of the Southern
Pacific. .;;•;• V. • . , '
Scalpers File Answer.
In order^to prove that Al Lewald and
other special deputies in the office of the
Tax Collector are not entitled to pay for
mere than sixty days, the tenure fixed
by the charter for special deputies, the
Civil Service Commission yesterday pro
duced fifteen clerks, whose names appear
on the civil service list of eligibles. to
testify that at the expiration of Lewald's
term of sixty days they appeared In the
office of the Tax Collector to certify, but
their credentials were not recognized, Tax
Collector Scott being on a cruise in the
South Seas. The civil service . eligibles
testified that when they, first appeared
with their credentials they were told that
they must first furnish bonds. This they
agreed to do, but when they again ap
peared Scott had left the city, and no one
in the office would assume the responsi
bility of putting them to work and throw
ing the other deputies out. The facts be
ing -proved, an adjournment was taken
until this morning, when the. court will
hear argument for and against Lewald' s
petition for salary for the several months
he held office after the term for which he
was originally appointed expired.
Civil Service Men Testify.
In the Thirty-sixth District taxpayers
and other advocates of clean government
are somewhat embarrassed by the candi
dacy of Frank. French for Recorder. The
old Burns push, to which French belongs,
claims to be independent and to be ani
mated by a purpose to secure something
Thirty-Sixth District.
W. F. Herrin of the Southern Pacific
law department may be compelled to show
his party colors on August 13. The pri
mary election law requires that the voter
when securing his ballot- shall write his
name and designate the political party
whose candidates he expects to support
at the municpal election. Herrin lives in
the Forty-first District. If he votes at
the primary election he will be obliged to
show his colors and say whether he is a
Democrat or Republican. Of course, he
can declare himself a Republican at the
primary election and secretly vote for
Democratic nominees at the municipal
election, but at the primary he cannot
play double. The- choice of party ballots
will be presented to him. He can take
either but he cannot take both. He may
decide to dodge the issue by keeping away
from the polls. " ¦'¦'sl~-' .... „_.
The promoters of the Republican Pri
mary League are making an open, square
and manly fight for clean local govern
ment. In the line of organization and ef
fective methods of enrollment the fight is
one of the best ever put up In San Fran
cisco. Delegate tickets placed in the field
under the auspices of the Republican Pri
mary League, Thomas P. Woodward,
president, will be the only genuine anti
boss tickets of the day. The league has
absolutely refused to entertain proposals
to compromise in any sense with the
Kelly-Gage boss gang-
In two or three districts independent
clubs/ whose rolls embrace the names of
reputable citizens, have been outgeneraled
and persuaded to an alliance with boss
elements. Candidates for office in some
Instances have been instrumental in pro
moting compromise with bosses, A can
didate who is now willing to sacrifice for
individual advancement the principles or
anti-boss municipal government deserves
the rebuke of every good citizen in- the
community.
Herrin Must Show His Colors.
THE allied bosses, with Kelly and
Gage as the chief figureheads,
are making a still hunt for re
cruits. They dare not come out
in the open and put up Kelly-
Gage tickets In the several Assembly dis
tricts. They prefer to make overtures to
independent clubs with the hope of get
ting a few delegates and combining as.
many elements as possible against the
Republican Primary League. All along
the line the bosses are showing signs of
weakness and demoralization. If Sara
Rainey fails to come to time with a big
reinforcement of Democrats the Republi
can boss alliance will make a poor show-
Ing of strength at the polls on August
13. The rooms engaged early in the cam
paign as Tilden County Committee head
quarters are not visited by representative
citizens. The daily attendance consists
of three attaches and four loungers. The
bosses In all their political experience
never had such an overlook. ,' ,
Sam Rainey and Martin Kelly met day
before yesterday to size up' the situation.
They decided to put up as strong a fight
as possible in the Forty-fourth district.
"We are met here," said Boyne, "in the
Interest of honest government for the city.
We have a big fight on our hands, a fight
against the men who seek to hand the
city back into the control of 'the old
bosses, Kelly and ... Crlmmlns. It is'tho
just duty of honest Republicans to see
The Primary League Republican Club
of the Forty-third Assembly District had
a rousing meeting at California Hall last
night. President Frank P. Shibeley was
in the chair and Fred Tobermann was
secretary. The president stated briefly
that the meeting Itari been called to select
candidates for delegates to the city con
vention, to be voted for at the primaries 11
on August 13, and then George Boyne took
the floor and made a stirring speech.
Forty-Third District Republicans.
• Primary League Club No. 2 of the
Thirty-ninth District meets Friday even
ing at 335 McAllister street. J. L. Cos
grove, president, and Ralph' Taeke.
Phlneas Barber, treasurer.
In the Twenty-eighth District the head
quarters of the league have been estab
lished at 205 Third street, corner of
Howard, in charge of L. P. Crane and F.
Hopper. r
In the Thirty-sixth District, headquar
ters are now open at 29 Sixth street,
in charge of I*. Sericano and I. Erb.
In the Twenty-ninth District permanent
headquarters have . been opened for the
league Club at 830 Howard street, under
J. B. 'McNamara and J. S. Parry.
Permanent headquarters \ have been
established for the Republican Primary
League Club of the Thirty-eighth As
sembly District at 1229 Steiner street. The
headquarters will be open every evening
until the primary election, under charge
of M. Cerf and A. M. Currie.
Primary League Headquarters.
The Primary League ticket, of the
Thirty^sixth will represent the principles
of . honest, progressive local government.
The ticket should be elected. Every citizen
interested in the prosperity and advance
ment of the district should vote the Pri
mary League anti-boss ticket. Let Lack
mann and French take their chances In a
convention of representative Republican
citizens. When the taxpayers, business
men and workingmen of other districts
hear that the people of the Thirty-sixth
are ready to bow to the yoke of the bosses
In order to help Frank French to an office
and Boss Kelly to a delegation the feel
ing toward the Thirty-sixth will not be
over friendly. There are mo side issues.
The fight -is on between the people .. and
the allied bosses. Tax . plunderers from
Los Angeles, Sonoma ana other counties
have been imported by the State Central
Committee to help Boss Kelly loot the
city. The property owners of the Thirty
sixth District owe it to themselves and
the city in which they live to lln« up
against the bosses. * v-V*
for the Thirty-sixth. Deputy Sheriffs in
terested in John Lackmann's fight are
helping French In the work of dividing
the anti-boss forces in the district. Citi
zens of the district should take notice of
the situation. Property-owners and tax
payers of the Thirty-sixth are just as
much concerned in the cause of honest
municipal government as are the people of
any other subdivision of the city. They
can get along in a case of great extremity
without French for Recorder or Lack
mann for .Sheriff, but they cannot expect
prosperity if they, consent to filling the
City Hall with bosses and tax-raiders.
E. B. Resan, George Somerset, W. Gaffney
J. Neill. Ed Gosliner. J. J. McGulre. Eustace
CuUlnan, R. P. Ashe, A. L. Wolfe. A. Green.
J. K. Polk, G. Newman and J. W. Shanahan.
J. W. Shanahan, president of the organ
ization, presided at a " meeting of the
Democratic Club of the Forty-third As
sembly District last night, called to select
delegates to be voted for at the primaries
to choose. a city convention. The execu
tive committee of the club had selected a
list of delegates, .which was approved by
the club, as follows:
Forty-Third District Democrats.
On motion a committee of three, con
sisting of George Boyne, John Harney and
James D. Hart, was appointed to select
seventeen names from the list of those
nominated to serve as delegates the
names to be submitted to the club for Its
approval at the next meeting.
The club then adjourned to the call cf
the chair.
George Boyne, John Wilson, James D. Hart,
Frank P. Shlbeley, E. S. Strauss, John Leln
hardt, John H. Harney, Frank Tuchler, Charles
A. Dumont, John Dellamontca, Daniel H. Sul
livan, I. Ellas, M. R. Roberts, Xavier May
pret, Fred E. Lake, John J. West. L. A. -Ron
covierrl, Walter N.\ Kemnston, James Roth
man, Joseph Danerl, G. T. Johnson, Dr. Wil
liam Condory, James D. Shay and 'Arthur Till.
that this effort does not succeed. We can
do our part in this work only by selecting
here to-night seventeen men for delegates
who will make up so strong a ticket that
it cannot be beaten. It is true that the
State Central Committee, in giving us
only seventeen delegates, has not treated
us as well as we deserve, nevertheless let
us see that the men chosen are strong
?nen. If they are we can win out."
The president then declared nominations
for delegates in order, and the following
were placed In nomination:
dent of free delivery of the Postofflce De
partment, will sail August 1 on the Sierra
for Honolulu, where he goes to install free
delivery. He will be in Honolulu three or
four weeks, and when he departs the res
idents of the Hawaiian capital will be en
joying the benefits of the best mail ser
vice that Uncle Sam can give.
Postmaster Oat of Honolulu is now In
San Francisco. He reports that a civil
service examination for carriers has been
held and an eligible list is ready. The con
ditions in Honolulu are somewhat difficult
for free delivery, as mail steamers arrive
at intervals of about a week, bringing the
mail in masses, making it harder to han
dle than if the mails were daily. Mr. Ir
win does not know how many carriers
will be required.
Honolulu has not had the benefit of free
delivery because the houses have not been
numbered and many of the streets have
not been named, t The Legislature passed
a bill providing for that work. Stanley
Stephenson, formerly of Alameda, who
secured the contract, is now in San Fran
cisco and he reports g-ood progress in pre
paring the city for improved postal ser
vice. Oat and Stephenson will both re
turn to Honolulu on the Sierra.
Mr. Irwin has traveled 43,000 miles in
the last thirteen months in the. discharge
of his official duties. Within that time
he discharged a special mission in the
Philippines. Two years and a half ago
he Installed the American postofflce at
Havana, Cuba.
Assistant Superintendent James W.
Irwrin to Sail August 1 to In
stall Service There.
James W. Irwin, assistant superinten-
HONOLULU WILL HAVE
FREE MAIL DELIVERY
nual Reunion.
The annual picnic and reunion of St.
Patrick's Parish was held yesterday at
Shell Mound Park. The weather was
pleasant and the outing was enjoyed by
fully 2000 members of the Mission street
church.
It was essentially a day of enjoyment
for the little ones of the parish. The
swings, the merry-go-rounds, the Ice
cream and peanut stands were liberally
patronized by Father ¦ Cummins' narish
ioners. The fathers and mothers and the
elder sisters and brothers of the small
boys and girls spent the day in dancing
and watching the antics of the young
sters. ' ' •
The games committee prepared an ex
cellent programme of sports. Young: la
dies, married ladles, single and married
men and school boys and gtrls contested
for numerous prizes in all sorts of ath
letic games, and furnished a great deal of
amusement.
The success of the affair was due to the
efforts of the following committees:
General Committee — Maurice Corrldan, chair
man; Eugene F. Lacy, vice chairman; William
Fitzgerald, secretary; Rev. P. J. Cummins,
treasurer.
Committee of Arrangements — William T.
Flynn, James Lamey, David Barry, William
Connelly, .Martin Tierney, J. J. Sweeney,
James McBrearty, Daniel Ahearn, Al Ru
dolphus, James O'Brien. Thomas Conlln, John
MeCloskey, Matt Marloe. Thomas J O'Brien,
James McGlade. Thomas Cleary, John Cronin.
Richard Kingston. John Gray, John Coffey,
James Galvin, John Keefe.
Games Committee— Daniel Ahern, chairman;
William T. Flynn, John Cronan, John Coffey,
William Fitzgerald, John MeCloskey. Thomaa
Doran, R. Kingston. John O'Brien, James Mc-
Brearty, J. J. Sweeney.
Floor manager, Eugene F. Lacy; assistant
floor manager, James Galvin.
ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH
MEMBERS ENJOY OUTING
Shell Mound Park Presents Lively
-Scene on Occasion of the An
There will be fifty people In the com
pany, and a special orchestra will accom
pany the aggregation. ,
Aa the grand opera season at the Tivoli,
which opens on Monday next, continues
four rronths the present company will be
absent from this city quite a length of
time. Within the next week the company
will make a flying trip to Eureka to play
a short engagement. Upon its return
preparations will be made for its depart
ure. The aggregation will open in Taco
ma and will play a. two weeks' cngae
ment. Among the operas to be produced
are "Babes in the Wood," "Wedding
Day," "Toymaker" and "Wizard of the
Nile." The company will play three weeks
in Seattle, three weeks in Portland; and
If the Tacoma engagement is successful
the company wfll return to that city and
play another v;eok. Two weeks will be de
voted to Victoria and Vancouver. .
These companies will be sent out from
this city fully equipped. All scenery neces
sary, all costumes, properties and other
necessaries, will be furnished by the Tivoli
Opera-house. Teddy' Hartman * will be
stage director, as he Is here, and James
F. Leahy will look after the mangerial
end of this big undertaking. , "
The proposed trip is the result of nego
tiations and planning by Mrs. Ernestine
Kreling. It has long been her wish that
the playgoers of the north have an op
portunity of enjoying the operas that have
been so greatly enjoyed In this city. Ar
rangements have therefore been entered
into with John F. Cordray of Cordray's
Theater, Portland; J. P. Howe of the
Seattle Theater, Seattle; Shrader & Green
of the Lyceum Theater, Tacoma, and
playhouses In Victoria and Vancouver for
the production of comic opera.
The result of these bookings has led
MrSi Kreling and her able assistant,
"Doc" Leahy, to make arrangements for
the organization of two more comic opera
companies, so that these^ organizations
may be constantly on the move In that
section and In this State. It has been
Mrs. Kreling's dream to have a chain of
opera-houses along the coast, and she
now sees the realization of her fond wish.
Theater-goers of the north have a treat
in store. The Tlvoll comic opera company
Is to depart from this city on August 9
and play engagements In Portland, Seat
tle, Tacoma, Victoria and Vancouver. The
Thespians will leave these shores under
the wings of Teddy Hartman, comedian,
and James F. Leahy, a brother of the ge
nial manager, of the local opera-house.
Present Company to Make a
Four Months' Tour of
the Coast.
Tivoli Management Is to
Have a Chain of
Theaters.
COMIC OPERA
FOR THE NORTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,, JULY 26, 1901.
7
> ¦ ¦ • ADVERTISEMENTS. Hfsi "*""
There are various ways to modify
milk, but' if you want real modification
and not mixtures, the best way, the
easiest' way, the way to make the
nearest approach to mother's milk,
is to modify with Mellin's Food ; it
truly modifies the casein of the milk
and makes it more digestible.
Pictures of handsome, laughing babies in our free book, •* Mellia'a Pood Babies." Sesd Jar &¦ i
You will be delighted with It. '• : r r. " '. : Q (
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON. MASS.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Evgs.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Gorgeous Revival of the Famous Play.
TRILBY
An All-Star Cast of Popular Favorites.
JAMES M. BROPHY as SvengaU.
DDir EC Evenings 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50o
rillWEj Matinees 10c. 15c. 23o
NEXT WEEK— James M. Brophy to a Su-
perb Production of the Thrilling Naval Drama,
"THE ENSIGN."
LATEST NOVELTIES IN" VAUDEVILLE.
STANTON' AND MO DEN A; AMETA;
WILL H. MURPHY & BLANCHE
NICHOIXS; 3 BBOOSXYXS; EU
F. EEYNABD, A2TD THE BIO-
GRAPH. Last appearances of
CHEVALIER ENRICO MARIO
SCOGNAMTLIX), DATOI BROTH-
ERS and CHAELES LEONAED
FLETCHER.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. BOc.
*TSVOLI*
Eveplngs at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
THIS WEEK BY PUBLIC DEMAND.
The Toy Maker.
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 60c
Grand Opera Season
MONDAY -,--¦ - July 29.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
First "Week-"AIDA" and "RIGOLETTO."
Telephone Bush 9.
tflL"f H BAT R ta^A p
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by 'WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In a Notable Revival of Ausustin Daly's
Comedy, -
THE COUNTRY
GIRL.
Only Matinee To-morrow. Seats on Sale Sbe
Days In Advance.
Next— "THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNNE."
. — —
- NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
WELCOME RETURN.
MR. JAMES AND THE
IMF? It I NEILL
/ W Emm/ M Bn < Km f COMPANY.
Presenting for the first week the Comic Society
Problem Play,
The Case of Rebellious Susan
¦ By Henry Arthur Jones.
QPFflAT BARGAIN MATINEES Every
2rtUAL Thursday, 25c and 50c reserved
EVE.. 25c. Sac, 50c, 75c. Jl
BAT. MAT 23c. 50c. 75o
SEATS NOW SELLING.
CHUTES AND_Z00
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE, THE MAID OF THE AIR.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.'
MONS TER CA KE WA LK,
Telephone for Seats— Park 21
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND ts. SACRAMENTO.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY AT 3:15.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION f*ARK,
Eighth and Harrison i street*. ,
SUTRO BATHS.
. OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY from 1 a. m. to 11 p. in.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c
¦ Bathing. Including admission. 25c. Children. tOc.
PALACE i- : - p-)
These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
* v " 1# lsts and travelers ap-
fD A Ml\ predate — central loca-
UtvANJJ tlon. liberal manage-
unTCT c ment, modern appolnt-
nUlEL5, ments and perfect cui-
sine.
Can American and JBuro-
*^^ pean plans.
Francisco. i
San Francisco.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, Sa California st., below Powell.
H0TAB7 PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldsr.
1A/. T. HESS,
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailaa
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahto
& Co. (est'd. 1852V 409 Market St.: upon In-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ PIO IRON. ,'"> ;.";
J- C- WILSON & COm Telephoneliai/im
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C nnVEC £ C(\ Shipping Butchers. 1M
JAS- pUlfcaaUJ- Clay: TeL Main 1194
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS, ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK, 23 Spear St.. S. F. Tel. Main 6320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
.LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED BLUE VESTS
2 for 15c. 20c and 25c Linen Collars at S for
25c, Large Linen Spools 2 for 8c. at 105 Fifth.
,i PRINTINQ.
EC- HUGHES. mSa^mTSS.F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 FUst Street. San Francisco.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
Next Week—"THE SENATOR."
Company in
Steele MackayeV Greatest Play,
"PftUI KAUVAR."
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 25e. BOc. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. ........ ..25c
LAST THREE" NIGHTS OF
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY'S
Be Given to Each Lady Present. 1 < •
MA.TINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
THIS EVENING A HIGH-CLASS IMPERIAL
PHOTOGRAPH of E. J. MORGAN Will
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your grocer is glad to pay
back your money (Fels-Naptha
soap); \Yt are glad to have him;
but you won't take it. . '
Fcls & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
@VW, VIGOR. VITALITY T«rMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been la use over flftr
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure th«
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses of
cl&arette-smoklng. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, LoM
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back, Evil Desires. Lame Bark.
Nervous Debility, Headache, TJnfltness to Mar-
ry, Loes of Semen. /» Vartcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Nerf^ fl vous Twitching of
Eyolids, Effects are i^jjTLlmmedlate, Im-
part visor and pote** e " rs nqr to every func-
tlcn. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
R*Btore email, undeveloped orpans. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 60c a box; 6 for
5? CO by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP IlEMEDY CO., 40 Ellis St.,
Ran Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
ead 40 Third ft.
$100 REWARD!
A reward of $100 will be paid for such Infor-
mation as will lead to tbe arrest and convic-
tion of the party that assaulted ERIC O. ROB-
ERTS at the corner of First and Howard
streets on Tuesday. July 16. 1901.
UNION GAB ENGINE CO.
REFEREE SALE.
By Order of G. H. UMBSEN. Sole Referee.
At auction at our salesroom, MONDAY, July
Z9, 1S01. 12 o'clock noon, the
TWO 5O-VARAS
Fronting on Stockton etreet, between North
Point and Beach «treeU. lS7:fix275.
For further particulars apply
O. n. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery et.
"C" With a Tail.
¦ The "C" with a tail is the trade-
mark of Cascarets Candy Cathartic.
Look for it on the light blue enameled
metal box! Each tablet stamped
C. C. C. Never sold in' bulk. All
druggists, ioc r.-vf
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOHY
Cg) lC511£A2SXTST.l«t.6!h*7tt,S.r.Cil.
Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
M jl World. Weaknesses or any contracted
KCsSv * sease p»»'U»«'7 cared by the oldest
BjEj S? I Specialist on the Coast. Esc 36 years.
ttfftr £ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
trfS/SV^B Consultation free and strictly prlrate.
I jt^VtT H Treatment personally or by letter. A
I Jq| Fotitive Cure in every case undertaken.
PI ll A Wr iK for Boolc - PHILOSOPHY *f
* I ll™ MAMRIAGE. MAILED FREE. (A
A £j, valuable book for mra)
ntt. JOBDAX St CO., 1051 JIartet St.,S. F.
x*—^ STRICTLY RELIABLE.
f^ MEN
il^t^&i ONLY!
Wtffisr' R T FAR *J Hia ,
V^t««iW\ *-* greater number of
SI J\/Pi\ Patients seeking: reli«f
ST(/i&£»id&'K\s * or so-called weakness
iLV r^P^*// V^ ar& strong, robust men In
?5» \vL 7 // every Other respect. Our
\v \ Wt\/l 7/ theory that Loss of Vltal-
\\ \ J» 7/ // ilty Prematureness, etc.,
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of In*
tlammatory processes In the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation. Is novr
being adopted by the leading specialists of th>»
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing; the enlarged and
swollen Prostate. Immediate result*, as Indi-
cated by Increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart a!
the organs, which we send free on application.
Is Interesting to any one wishing to study tbu
anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & C0. t 997 Market St.
STRICTLY RELIABLE.
SIG. G. S. WANRELL!!! Mabel Rutherford.
Jennie Metzler. Nellie Bruce, Hopper & Hop-
per, Karl A Bay le. Admission, 10 cents: rt-
served seats. 25 cents. Matinee Sunday. ' Tele-
phone Main 231. Extra— Tuesday, July 3d,
Benefit. AUGUST HINRICHS!!! ~
FISCHER'S SSttsi!""
Commencing: MONDAY. July »-MAI>.
CHARITY MARTIN!!! SIG. PIETRO BUZZ!!!
GARRETT O'MAGH.
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
Hear OLCOTT'S NEW SONGS.
Next Week— Final Nights— Mr. Chauncty
Olcott In "GARRETT, O'MAGH."
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE."
In the New Irish Comedy,
MR. CHAUNCEY
EVERY .XIGHT— INCLUDING SUNDAY
Matinee Saturday.
This Production Will Be Continued for a Sec-
ond Week Beginning: Next Monday.
. The Distinguished Irish Cdmedlan,
bULUmDI A LEADING THEATBi:Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
_ Wheat— ' sept. Dec.
Opening 59% 6 11%'
Closing 59% 5x014
PARIS.
Wheat— . July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 40 22 95
Closing 22 00 22 80 '
Flour —
Opening: 28 15 29 00
Closing ....27 75 28 80
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 42,000 25,000
Wheat, bushels 319,000 179,000
Com, bushels ..153,000 126,000
Oats, bushels '..109,000 159,000 -
Rye. bushels , 8,000 .
Barley, busheU 5.000 ljoOO
On ts-.e Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14%@20c; dairies
13@17c. Cheese, firm; 9%@10Vic. Eggs, steady
fresh, 12(g>12%c. . ,
MONTREAL, Quebec, July The Earl
Fruit- Company sold California fruit at auction
here to-day, realizing the . i following . . prices :
Pears — Bartlett, boxes' $2 15^2 40, average $2 23.
PHILADELPHIA, July 25.— The sales of the
Karl Fruit Company ¦ of California ¦* fruit at
auction here to-day ... realized the following
prices: Pears— Bartlett, boxes $2 10@2 40 aver
age $2 28. . Plums— Burbank, single .crates
average $1 60; Kelsey Japans, single crates
$1 80@l 85, average $1 83; - Magnum Bonum'
single crates $1 2o@l 45,- average • $1 35- Purple
Duane, single crates $1 15@1 75, average $1 43 •
Satsuma, single crates $1@1 4S. average $143-
Washington, single crates $129@1 45, average
$1 31 ; Wicksons, single crates, average $1 70
Prunes — German, single crates $1 70@l 90, aver
age $1 78; Gros, single crates, average $2 15-
Tragedy, single crates, '¦ $1 75@2, average $1 83.
Three cars sold here to-day. .Weather hot. , <
.Porter Bros. Company sales : Pears—Bart
letts, $2 1O@2 40. ; Plums— Abundance, average
$140, single crates; Satsuma, average $1 70;
Climax. $1 70@l 75; Peach, average $1 80; Giant
average $1 10. Prunes— Tragedy, ji 55<g>i 90
single crates. Peaches — Crawfords, 70c(SJ$l-
Foster, 75@90c; Suequehanna, average' 95c •
Strawberry, average 55c. - Nectarines— Red, av
erage $1 35. I Grapes— Fontainebleau, $1 90©2 40
NEW YORK, July 25.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California- fruit: . Peaches— Early Craw
ford, 5O@90c; Decker, 90c@$l; Fosters' S0c@
%1 05. Plums— Burbank, average $1 40; Yellow
Egg. -average $150; Purple Duane. $1 15S1 80-
California Red, average $1 SO; Washington, av
erage fl 40; Diamond, US*: Wlckson, $2 450
2 75; Kelsey Japan, ¦ average $1 20; Imperial av
erage $145; Comedy, average $1 25. '¦¦¦. Prunes-
Tragedy, $130@190; German, average $145
Pears— Bartlettu, < $2 05@2 45.~ Nectarines— Av
erage. 82c.
CHICAGO. July 25.-Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: * Pears— Bartletts, %2®
2 15 box. Plums— Kelsey Japans, $1 50@2 05. -
California Fruit Sales:
100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 135&
....... Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 32
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Ehares Closing
Sold. Btock— • Bid. •
32,500 Atchison 72%
10,200 Atchison prefd 94%
1 3,400 Baltimore & Ohio 95%
SOO Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92
1.300 Canadian Pacific -103'i
....... Canada Southern 67
2.4'K) Chesapeake & Ohio 44%
2,000 Chicago & Alton 37%
Chicago & Alton prefd 75%
NEW YORK, July 25.— The upward reaction
in stocks this morning marked another phase
in the speculation. Such intermittent move
ments from day to day are a familiar Incident
of periods when speculative factors have large
ly spent their force and no new ones of impor
tance are in sight to takeHhelr place. It does
not necessarily follow that there are not large
rpeculatlve commitments still existing in the
market. « Some further light is evidently
awaited on the actual results to the crops of
the period of drought in the West, which has
formed, together with the eteel strike, the basis
of the recent speculation for the fall. Declin
ing activity and lessening calculations are the
natural accompaniments of fucIi a period. It
is to be assumed that a short interest exists
in the market as a consequence of the recent
dewrward course of prices, and consequently
the absence of any new unfavorable develop
ments, by begetting an easy frame of mind in
the shorts, keeps the undertone of the market
f.rm. There is the additional consideration that
stocks in the general list, which are not directly
concerned at all in the vicissitudes of crops,
have 6uSfered from depression by sympathy with
thos-e that are. There are evidences to-day
that the level of prices of some of these proved'
attractive at the low level. The professional
traders, anxious to develop a new speculative
movement. Joined in the buying and helped to
advance prices. The bituminous coal carriers,
the anthracite group and some of the roads in
the Southern region were prominent -In the lead
ership of. this movement and helped to hold
a dull market firm through the middle portion
of the session. The announcement of "the en
gagement at the assay office of $500,000 in gold
eent prices downward again, but not to the low
eet. The gold is supposedly for export, although
the destination is not announced. The fact
that gold should go out with the exchange mar
ket, yielding to the supply created by large for
eign buying of grain to-day aroused renewed
attention to the fact that some special demand
for gold exists abroad which can draw It from
New York -with exchange below the normal gold
export point. The market became so nearly
stagnant at the decline that the courage of the
bulls was revived and they marked up prices
again. The eaaden advance of about 2 points
each in United States Steel stocks and an
earlier advance of as much In Amalgamated
Copper helped to make the closing strong and
quite active, with many stocks back at the top
level of the day. There was considerable manip
ulation evident on the advance, the principal
part of which was restricted to a small circle.
Railroad bonds were, more active than yester
day and there was a large demand for the
bonds exchangeable for Burlington stock and
com* buying also of Baltimore and Ohio con
vertible bonds. The market generally was
somewhat Irregular. Total sales, par value
n.620.000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
'New York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3. spring wheat. 66@71c; No. 2 red, 71%@
7l%c: No. 2 corn, 55%c; No. 2 yellow, 65%c;
No. 2 cats, 37Uc; No. 2 white, 33@40%c; No 3
white. 3S@40c; No. 2 rye. 56@56%c; No. 1 flax
need, $1 SO: prime timothy seed. $5 25: mess
pork, j>er bbl. $14 3T>®14 40; lard, per 100 lbs,
$8 65@8 67%; short ribs sides (loose), $7 85@8 05;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short
clear sides (boxed), $8 30@S 40; whisky, basis of
hlsh wines, $1 29; clover, pontract grade, $10.
EASTERN MARKETS.
AMoria 30.16 €2 54 NW Pt.Cldy 0
Bokfr 29.74 84 V 56 N Clear 0
Carson 29.7! 90 €0 W Pt.Cldy 0
Kuieka C3.P2 5S 52 NTV Clear 0
Fresno 29.58 106 70 N"W Clear 0
Fia^taJT 29. U 78 60 N Cloudy .20
Poraiello. Idaho.. .25.72 94 62 SW Cloudy 0
Independence 29.56 96 68 S Clear 0
Lc? ABgeles 29-72 SO 60 W Clear 0
Phoenix 2S.52 106 F2 VT Clear 0
Portland 30.00 70 52 NW Clear 0
Red Bluff 23.60 106 66 SE Clear 0
Roseburg 23.90 7S 50 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29.62 94 60 SW Clear 0
Sail Lake 29.64 S4 72 KE Pt.Cldy 0
San Francisco 23. T6 60 50 SW Clear 0
San Luis Obispo. ..29.80 76 52 W Clear 0
f ar. Wt-go 29.74 70 64 SW Clear .0
Sosulc 30.04 70 50 W Clear 9
fpokane 29.76 S4 66 SW Clear 0
Neah Pay 30.0S ES 52 Clear 0
V.aila Walla 29.76 8S CO SW Clear 0
,V;!ir.c-mucca 29.60 06 C2 NW Pt.CldyTr.
Tuma 29.54 106 SI SW Clear 0
Temperature — 7 a. m., 50 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen generally over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. The
weather is clear on the Pacific Coast, but east
rf the Sierra unsettled conditions prevail.
Thunderstorms are reported in Utah, Nevada
and Northern Arizona. At Modena a maxi
mum wind velocity of 26 miles per hour from
the south has occurred. Afternoon tempera
tures in the Interior range from 94 to 106 de
grees.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours; ending midnight, July 26. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Friday: possibly
thunderstorms In the foothills and mountains:
continued warm weather in the Interior; brisk
westerly winds on the coast, with fog.
Southern California— Fair Friday, with thun
derstorms in the mountains: continued warm
v.-eBthcr in the interior: fresh southwest winds
on the coast, with fog In the morning.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday,
with occasional thunderstorms; brisk west
wJnd.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
brisk southwest winds, with fog in the morn
ing^
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
STATIONS. 3 3 2 3 <= So ? E
[1 j§ p -f ¦?
Kanfcrd 106 72 If 7771 7T7T
Hollifter 73 48
Ssn Jose 62 59 N
Palermo 106 .62 S
Napa 76 50 S
Ventura 72 58
San Jose— North wind, few clouds last night;
warm weather causing few prunes to drop.
Hollister— Light fos in the morning; not
cnoueh to interfere with fruit drying.
Palermo — South wind; all crops doing well.
Ventura— Hay plentiful and generally of good
quality.
Najjc — South "wind, clear; plums and apples
gi^vl in quality and in yield.
Hanford— North wind; all crops reported fa
voiaule; fruit coming in Flowly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
J"ly •••• 69% 70% 69^ 70%
September 71 72>4 70V4 71?i
D Com b No"2-"" 73V< 74M> 72% 73^
Ju'y •-¦•••- 63% 55% 53% B4%
September 66 57% 65 66
D Oa e tI >b No.-2--- 56 * 5??i M 56%
J" 1 * ••• 35% 36 35% 35%
September 35% 36% 35 35%
May 38% 39 38% 38%
Mess Pork, per bbl— • ' *
September 14 43 14 60 14 45 14 50
January 14 85 14 90 14 85 14 87%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 8 72% 8 72% 8 70 8 72%
.October 8 75 8 77% 8 75 8 75
January 8 62% 8 65 8 62% 8 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ' :
September 7 97% 8 00 7 97% 8 00
October 8 00 8 02% 8 00 8 02%
January 7 77% 7 80 7 77% 7 77%
Gas & Electric declined to $44 S7tt on the
morning, session of the Bond Exchange. Other
wise there was no noteworthy chan&«. The oil
stocks continued dull. ¦ .
STOCK AITD BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. July 25—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
•4s quar coup... 113 113% 4s qr cp (new).lSS 139
4s quar reg.... 113 133% 3s quar coup... 109 109%
;. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 6s. 106 — Oceanic SS 5s. 102 103
Cal-st 5s 116 — Omnibus C 6s..l25 —
C C Water Eb..107}4 — Pac G Imp 'Is. — 100
Ed L & P 6s...l28%133% Pk & C H 6s. ..106 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117% — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 5s — . — Powll-st R 68.120 —
H C & S 5%s..lO6% — Sac E G R 5b.. — —
Do 5s — -102% S F & SJV f.s.120 —
Los Ang R 5s. 115% — Sierra Cal 6«.. — —
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of C 6s
Do gntd 6S...100 — (1909) 111% —
Do gntd 5s. ..103 — (1910) 112% —
L A & Pac 5s.. 101% — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. .102% — * (1905). Ser A. — 109%
Mkt-st Cab 5s. 125% — (1905), Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m 5s..l23%124% (1906) 11214114
Kev C N O 7S.105 114 (1912) 120% —
Nor R Cal 6s.. Ill — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119 — c gntd 5s 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.. 100% — SPBr Cal fs.136 —
ix> 5s — 10« S V Water 6b. .114 113
Nor R Cal 5s. .110 113 Do 4s 103Vil03*i
Oak Gas 5s 112% — Do 4s 3d m...l01 102
Do Trans 6s. 117 120 Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 5s. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76% 73 | Spring Valley. 88 86%
Marin County. 50 — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P... 4 5 |Pac Lijht .... 45 4T#
Kqultable 4% — Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% — |S F G & E... 44 —
Oakland 50% 51 ISan Francisco. 4 4%
Pac Gaa Imp. 43 44 J Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's' Fund. 235 247 I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .."... 77% — L P & A 150 —
California ....404 — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7ii — S F. Natlonal.127% —
First Nat S F.305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German —1910 Sav & Loan...— —
Humboldt | — — Security ......273 — '
Mutual. Sav... 50 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco. 520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio 33 —
Market 73% 7414
POWDER.
Giant 76% 77 (Vlgorlt S 8%
(AR. I
Kilauea 18V4 —
Makaweli 30 —
Onomea 21 — .
Paauhau 22 22%
SUG
Hana 6% 7
Hawaiian 50 —
Honokaa 16 —
Hutchinson ... 16% 16%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 130 131^ Oceanic S Co.. — 52
Cal Fruit Can. 96 98% Pa>; Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99% -^ Pfn£ Borax.. 165 —
Mer Ex 110 — P^r^aint 16 —
Morning Session. >
Board—
23 Hutchinson S. P. Co 17 00
15 Makaweli 30 00
30 Makaweli 30 50
93 Market Street Railway 74 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 22 00
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 44 50
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 44 37^i
5 San iFrancisco Savings Union 520 00
45 S V Water j 86 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con 76 50
5 Giant Powder Con 76 75
E0 Honokaa S Co 16 23
200 Hutchinson S-P Co 16 50
25 Makaweli 30 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
25 Makaweli 30 CO
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 44 50
75 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 44 37&
70 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 44 25
Morninj Session.
Boacd —
200 Four 87
93 Four 35
1 Hanford ..: 98 00
200 Junction ." 10
.900 McKlttrick 24
2C0 Monarch of Arizona 22
ICO Monarch of Arizona, s 90 20
ICO Monte Cristo 1 70
500 Occidental of W Va 35
200 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 00
MINING STOCKS.
Morninz Session.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
200 Belcher 11 1000 Occidental .. . 06
200 Best- & Belcher 20 500 Ophir 76
400 Con Cal & Va..2 10 300 Savage 11
1C0 Confidence 1 40 500 Sierra Nevada. 13
100 Gould & Curry. 16 500 Silver Hill 30
400 Justice 10 500 Yellow Jacket.. 27
900 Mexican 18 500 Yellow Jacket.. 28
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ...... 41 800 Justice 09
100 Challenge Con.. 37 50t) Mexican is
600 Challenge Con.. 39 100 Ophir 75
50 Con Cal & Va.. 2 15 200 Potosl la
* 200 Confidence .....1 40 500 Yellow Jacket 27
400 Crown Point... 11 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
700 Alta 06 600 Mexican' 18
300 Challenge Con.. 35 200 Ophir 76
500 Chollar 10 3C0 Potosl 10
50 C C & Va....2 12% 700 Savage 10
2C0 C C & Va 2 10 400 Sierra Nevada. 18
350 Confidence 1 35 1400 Union Con.. 13
200 Confidence ...1 32% 200 Yellow Jacket.. 27
200 Crown Point... 11 200 Yellow Jacket.. 2b
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 05 200 Mexican is
200 Belcher 11 500 Ophir .... . 75
300 Challenge Con.. 3D 200 Union' Con.. 15
250 C C & Va......2 10 200 Yellow Jacket!!' 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. !
, • THURSDAY, July 25—4 p. m .
Bid. Ask. I Bid AaV
Alpha 03 05 Justice 09 in
Alta 05 06 Kentuck ....... ol 0"«
Andes: 03 01|La<ly "Wash..... 01 —
Belcher " 11 12 Mexican .... 17 -.%
Best & Belcher 19 20 [Occidental ...." 05 n?
Bullion 0l\ 02; Ophlr' 73 ?g
Caledonia 40 4l|Overman 15 1*
Challenge Con.. 38 ¦ 40 Potosl ... eg in
Chollar 09 lOlSavage '. YL 'v>
Conndenc« 1 35 1 43 1 Scorpion .;¦. ni
Con Cal & Va..2 10 2 13JSeg Belcher..*!!* 02 02
Con Imperial... 01: 02;Sierra Nevada 18 n
Con New York. 01 02. Silver HU1... " 27 i\
Crown Point... 10 lljSt Louis ' oe —
Eureka Con 06 — 'Standard .... 3 35 3 65
Exchequer-. — 02 Syndicate ... " 05
Gould & Curry. 16 1/ Union Con... 14 v,
Hale & Nor.... IS 1) Utah •; ©3 jj
Julia ¦ — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 27 2U
Pinks and Limas continued firm, the former
being . in continued demand . for shipment and
the. latter ¦', practically cleaned up.' Other de
scriptions remained as before,' except an occa
sional slight fluctuation.' v ¦ "¦'¦'¦ .
BEANS — Bayos, $2 40(?2 60: Small White,
$4 75@4 90; Large .White, $3 5003 85: Pink. »1 60
@1 80; Red. »3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 26; Limas.
.$6 30@3 40;. Red Kidney,, $4 25 per ctl.;. ¦
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75@3; Canary, 3>4@
3%c for East «rn; Alfalfa; nominal; Rape, l»i@
2*4e; Hemp. 3%c per lb. ¦'.¦-. i ¦ J-;
¦¦ DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 65 per ctl. / ,
Beans and Seeds.
•. MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $16^17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26;' jobbing,
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18: Corn - Meal,
$30 50@3150; Cracked Corn, $3l"@32; Mixed Feed,
$17@18. -: - ¦ . . .
s HAY— New is quotable as follows: Wheat.
$7@9 50; choice. $10; Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9;
Oat, $6@8 50; Barley and Oat, $6@8; Alfalfa,
$7@9; Clover, $5 50@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 60.
STRAW— 25@42V4c per bale. .
BRAN— $1S(S18 50 per ton.
The situation In ¦ Hay, as far as . the strike
was ; concerned, was reported improved. The
Southern Pacific Railroad delivered 26 cars in
this city. ¦ Prices stood 'the same. . >'
Feedstuffs remained firm. - but prices showed
no .variation. . • ¦-. ,. /¦
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the tratfe: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4;. Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4®4 25; -Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; ' Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole ' Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 25@7 75; Pearl. Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR-Callfornia Family extras, ! $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25:
Oregon, $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family and
?3 73@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', ?2 75
@3. ¦
Oat and Corn products in sacks are 25c per
ctl hlgheV In sympathy with the sharp ad
vance In raw grain, while Oat products in bar
rels are 50c higher. ¦
Flour and Millstuffs.
Small round - Yellow, $1 75; Eastern Yellow,
/I 60@l 62%; White, fl 70@l 75 per - ctl; Mixed,
nominal. «"
RYE-72%@77%c per ctl.. -k
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
CORN — The wheat States got some rain yes
terday, ¦ but the Corn belt' got very little, and
the West started in to buy again on renewed
hot winds. There was also good local buying
at Chicago. Des Molnes wired: "This is an
other scorcher, with . bull reports from all di
rections. The estimates now are for 25 to 50
per cent of a total crop."
The San' Francisco market remained un
changed, the high quotations effectually check
ing trade. .
Afternoon Session — No sales. . *
OATS— The market is quoted quieter but
firmly held at 97%c@$l 17% per ctl for red.
The situation in the. West remains about the
same, with Chicago slightly lower.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 73%c for choice bright, lPA®12Ma for
No. 1 and 67%<g>70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 75@82%c: Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $104%; 18,000, $104%; 10,000, $104%.
Second Session— December— 12,000 ctls, $1 04%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 04. *¦:
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 03%; 10,000, $1 03%.
BARLEY— The market continued quiet and
unchanged.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 98%c@$l; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
This market- opened steady to firm on call,
but fell back somewhat. Shipping prices stood
the same. . ¦ ... . n . •
WHEAT— Chicago opene^ lower^and weak on
rains in the Lake region and the Northwest.
The Corn States got very little. There were
more buyers than sellers at the decline. Sub
sequently Central Iowa and -Western Nebraska
reported good rains,. The market seemed about
liquidated and a reaction was in order. French
cables reported continued wet weather, with
estimates for the crop still further reduced.
The French were large buyers In the South
west and French millers bought freely at home.
New York and Chicago both reported a good
Continental export demand.
Wheat and Other Grains.
¦ The" Peru took out a treasure list of $167,840,
consisting of $133,330 in Mexican dollars, $1450
in gold coin and $33,000 in silver bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — $4 85H4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88&
Sterling Cables — 4 gjjij
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 68^4
Mexical Dollars, nominal 47. @ 47^
Exchange and Bullion. '
LOCAL MARKETS.
. Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, July 25.— When the wheat market
opened to-day traders bowed to the influence
of last night's rains in the Northwest, to easy
cables and also to the weakness of corn prices.
September sold from 71c to 70^c, under pressure
of long stuff. Following this there was an al
most Instant recovery to 71?ic on reports v of
rising temperatures In the spring wheat coun
try. It was feared that the heat would be par
ticularly damaging | . following I the rains so
quickly.. The market faltered for a time at this
advance and then continued upward on reports
of rain delaying harvesting in France and a
cable claiming that the Russian crop was rap
idly deteriorating. . The strength at this time
being displayed by corn was a "contributory fac
tor in the firmness. Later in the session the
corn reaction and a decline in Northwestern
markets became potent factors and September
declined and closed rather weak. Tie under yes
terday, at 71%c.
That it is an extremely difficult matter to
judge the weather report3 received from various
sources was shown by the action of the corn
market. Before the beginning, of the session
private reports had it that Iowa had received
a fair drenching and that there had been scat
tered showers in other parts of the corn belt.
Under a rush/ of selling:, orders September
opened at from 56c to 55c, touched 56%c and
then rushed back to 55%c in short order. Un
favorable weather reports caused a reaction
the market going up- to 57%c. A report saying
that rain within the week would brighten the
prospects of 75 per cent of the crop caused a
decline to 55%c. The close was %c lower at 56c
Oats averaged weak with corn during a nerv
ous and comparatively quiet session. Septem
ber closed %c lower at 35%c.
Provisions were dull, the pit at times being
almost deserted. After fluctuating narrowly
prices closed 2^c lower all around.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
a S S o 55 5
STATIONS. 3 1 3 3 1 *= £* ?a
5 : 2 : 3 a 3 3 • ?
NEW YORK, July 25.— FLOUR— Receipts, 15.
648 barrels; exports, 26,419 barrels; steadily held
and quiet. ' . - '
WHEAT-Receipts. 179,550 bushels; exports,
79,355 bushels; spot was easy; No. 2 red, 79c f. o.
b., afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c. elevator; No. i
Northern Duluth, 78%c f. o. b., afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 87c f. o. b., afloat. Options had
an active and weak opening under rain news
in the Northwest, from which they later part
ly rScovered on big clearances, heavy foreign
buying. late renewal of bullish Northwest news
and covering. A' final sharp decline under
realizing left the market easy at %@%c net
IVZ^l^J^L 77 H@ 78^ C . cl °sed 78V4c; August
| 76 7-16@77 3-16c, closed 76%c; October 77@77%c.
Cl HOPS^<5 December 78%#79%c. closed 78%c.
HIDES— Steady. .
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Easy; No. 7 spot Rio. easy; No. 7
invoice, 5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll%c.
Futures closed firm; net unchanged to 5 points
higher. Total sales, (22.253 bags. Including:
August, $4 80; September. $4 85@4 90; October,
$4 90@4 95; December, $5 05@5 10; March, S5 30;
May, $5 40. *
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining 3 9-16c;
centrifugal, 96 teEt, 4 3-16c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c. .
BUTTER— Receipts, 6600 packages; firmer;
State dairy, 14@15c; creamery, 16@20%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7400 packages; firm; West
ern candled, 14@15c; Western, uncandled, S@12c.
NEW YORK, July 25.— A fair business of out
of-town orders was noted in the early dealing
to-day for dried fruits, with a moderate local
trade. Evaporated -apples . ruled quiet and
steady; fttate, common to good, 3%@5c; prime
5H#5?4c; choice. 6<3>GKc; fancy, 6i/4@7c.
California dried fruits ruled dull and nomi
nally unchanged.
PRUNES-2&(g6i4c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark. 7%@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, li@18c: unpeeled, 6@10c.
4e : #
O2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 25—5 p. m.
\ The following maximum temperatures were
rtpcrted from stations in California to-day:
Euroka, 5S; Mount Tamalpais, 85; Independ
ence. Pfi: Red BIuTT. 106; Fresno. 106; Los An
jreles. B0: Sacramento, 94; San Luis Obispo, 76;
Fan Difgo, 70.
6aa Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum. 50; mean. 56.
Weather Report.
New York Money Market.
. NEW YORK. ' July: 2S..— Money, on call steady
at 2&2% per cent; laet loan, 2% per cent.
"WASHINGTON. July 25.— To-day'B state
ment of the treasury in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balances, $171,978,820; gold.
$98,521,063. , _.
Condition of the Treasury.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg....lO7- N Y Cent lsts.... 104%
U B 2s ref coup. ...107% N J C gen 5s. ...127%
V S 3s reg 108% No Pacific 3s 72
U S 3s coup 10J. No Pacific 4s 103%
U S new 4s reg. .137 N Y C & St L4s..l07%
U S new 4s coup..lSS Xor & W con 4s. .102
U S old 4s reg.. 113 Or Nav lRts........lO7V;
U S old 4s coup 113 Or Nav 4s 102%
U S 5s reg 107% Or S Line 6s 127
U S 5s coup. lOst Or 8 Line con 5s. 116%
D of C 3.65s 124 Reading gen 4s... 95%
Atchlson gen 4s... 103% Rio GJEJsts 100%
Atchison adj 4s 96 St L «TI M con 5s.ll8%
Canada So 2ds....lO9% St L & S F gen 6s.l32
Ches & O 4%s....lO6% St Paul con 173
Ches & O 5s 119% St P C & Pac lsts.120
0 & NW con 7s:137%|St P C & Pac 5s.. 117
C & NWSFdeb 5s.l22% So Pacific 4s 91*J
Chicago T 4s 9S% So Railway 5s 116%
Colorado Sa 4s 88% S R & Twine 6s.. 60
D & R G 4s 102 T & Pac lsts 118%
Erie gen 4s 86% Tex & Pac 2ds.... 98
F W & D C 1st.. 104 U Pacific 4s 104.
Gen Electric 6s 200 Wabash lsts 117%
Iowa Cen lsts 115% Wabash 2ds 112
L & N un 4s....lO7fe West Shore 4s 112^
M K & T 2ds.... 83 Wls Cent lsts 87%
M K & T 4s 96&iVa Centuries 94
; . . MINING STOCKS.
Adams con 15|LlttIe Chief ........ 12
Alice 43i«htario "....'...;.... .8 75
Breece 1 40 Ophir ...70
Brunswick Con 12 Phoenix 09
Comstock Tunnel... 6% Potosl 07
Con Cal & Va 2 00 Savage 06
Deadwood Terra ..55 Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver ........140 Small Hopes 50
Iron Silver 58 Standard 3 00
Leadville Con 05'
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 95%
Call loans i&VA Westlnghouse E... 66%
Time loans 4@4% Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s :.......1O1%
A T& S Fe 72% N E Gas & Coke 5s oiy,
A T & S Fe pfd.. 94% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 142% Adventure ...'25
Bell Telephone ....160 Blngham Min Co. 21
Boston & Albany. .257 Am Copper ........113
Boston Elevated ..185 Atlantic 45
Boston & Maine ..19J Calumet & Hecla.763
Dominion Coal .... 38 Centennial 27
Dom Coal prefd. ..114% Franklin 17
U S Steel 42 Humboldt 25
U S Steel prefd... 90% Osceola 92%
Fltchburg prefd. ...143 Parrot :. 5114
General Electric ..257 Quincy 170
Mexican Central .. 23% Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
N E Gas & Coke.. 6 Tamarack 345
Old Colony ........208 Utah Mining 29
Old Dominion 29 Wlnona ,2%
Union Pacific 93 Wolverines ........ 59%
Union Land 3 - - ~
Delaware Lackawanna & West... .225^4
200 Denver & Rio Grande 41
l.OoO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 91%
17,800 Erie 37
3,2Oi) Erie 1st prefd 65%
1,100 Erie 2d prefd 5oVi
700 Great Northern pnpfd 172
Hocking Valley 49
Hocking. Valley prefd- 74V4
1,500 Illinois Central U1\
200 Iowa Central 36
200 Iowa Central prefd 72
Lake Erie & Western 55
Lake Erie & "Western prefd 116
2.900 Louisville & Nashville 102Vi
6*9 Manhattan L 118%
600 Metropolitan Street Railway 167%
2,100 Mexican Central .- 23%
100 Mexican National 9H
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 107
5,800 Missouri Pacific 99Vi
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 2oij
300 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 52%
New Jersey Central 157
1.800 New York Central 15114
3,800 Norfolk & Western 47ft
Norfolk & Western prefd .' 86
7,100 Ontario & Western 32"4
6,000 Pennsylvania .;.. 143%
23.200 Reading 41%
S.300 Reading 1st prefd 763i
2,900 Reading 2nd prefd 51%
300 St Louis & San Francisco 41%
200 «St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 77 >
100 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd 67^4
St Louis Southwestern 27
St Louis Southwestern prefd 5STi
29,400 St Paul 1592
St Paul prefd isi
56,300 Southern Pacific 56U
11.603 Southern Railway 29»£
4.800 Southern Railway prefd 83'
2.600 Texas & Pacific 41
Toledo St Louis & West 20
Toledo St Louis & West prefd 33
67,500 Union Pacific ; 93%
400 Union Pacific prefd 89Vi
3.600 Wabash 21»4
9,100 Wabash prefd 40
Wheeling & Lake Erie .....17%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 28V4
Wisconsin Central 20%
....... Wisconsin Central prefd ...- 41
P C C & St Louis 77
Express Companies— ; y
Adams ....170
American 190
United States S5
AVells Fargo 140 •
Miscellaneous —
8,800 Amalgamated Copper 117%
500 American Car & Foundry 23
500 American Car & Foundry prefd 82 :i i
American Linseed Oil 28
100 American Linseed Oil prefd 61
2.400 American Smelting & Refining 53%
200 American Smelting & Reflng prefd..100V
100 American Tobacco .12K%
1,800 Anaconda Mining Co 44%
5,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76%
SOO Colorado Fuel & Iron 97
9,200 Consolidated Gas 220
400 Continental Tobacco 64%
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 115
• 500 General Electric 257
100 Glucoea Sugar 53%
200 Hocking Coal 20
International Paper 20%
International ¦ Paper prefd 75
500 . International Power 73%
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit 41%
200 National Lead 19%
National Salt 43
National Salt prefd 75
200 North American 100
Pacific Coast ; 64
300 Pacific Mall .; 38
3.TO0 People's Gas 114
900 Pressed Steel Car 42Ti
Pressed Steel Car prefd 85
Pullman Palace Car 202
400 Republic Steel 1?%
200 Republic Steel prefd 73%
1.100 Sugar 142%
2,800 Tennessee Coal & Iron 62%
200 Union Bag & Paper Company 14%
1.8O0 Union Bag & Paper prefd 70M
6.S00 United States Leather 13%
1,600 United States Leather prefd 78%
United States Rubber 18V
300 United States Rubber prefd 58
50,700 United States Steel 4t%
16.fiO0 United States Steel prefd 90%
1,000 Western Union 92
463,000 Shares sold.
400 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis prefd 68
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 122
1,300 Chicago & Great Western 23H
Chicago & Great Western A prefd 8!H4
... Chicago & Great "Western B prefd 47%
100 Chicago & Northwestern 192
3,20;) Chicago Rock Island & Pacific... 141%
300 Chicago Terminal & Trans ...: 18T4
100 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... t$>Z
300 C C C & St Louis 88»i
300 Colorado Southern 13
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21%
200 Delaware & Hudson ..157
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
¦ ¦.••.• v
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
,G Zobelsen & w, L A S Goodfriend. N Y
Miss R Zobelsen. LAC MacGeachy, N Y
N "W* Barham, S Rosa AJ Mitchell, Denver
S Carter & w, Nome Mrs Johnson, S Diego
A J. Hudson. Fresno H Hildreth, San Diego
J R McKay, Fresno S Wri=ht. San Virgio
C J Broall. Texas R T Reynolds, Sacto
D Durkee, Baker3fleld Mrs Adelle, Sacto
G Harris. Duluth M Patterson, Sta Crua
P L. Blodgett. Bksfleld Mrs A M Johnston. Cal
G C Hyatt & w, Stktn S S Kraft. St Louis
Mrs G Canneld. - Stktn M C Clark. Oonzalea
L Hunzlker, Or W S Wetherbee, Sacto
G Berff. Panoche Dr Gregory, Yreka
J A Kearney. Hollister J B Pollack. Los Ang
J-A Wood. Denver J B Dlbrell, Texas
S B Gordon. Salinas C S Stafford.' w & d.
Mrs S B Gordon, -Sa- Yreka
Unas C H Warfleld. Merced
Peter Cox. Salinas O Wade. St Helena
S P Poland, S Jose Mr Tramer. Iowa
G Turner & W.Modesto I> Basch, Manila .
Count Larlsch & w, PI Merkel. N Y
Munich . S Cooke, Honolulu
W E Starr. Detroit O Smith. Fresno «»
W D Coates & w, Cal Miss Boyd, Cal
J S Coatea. Fresno W Brown. Phila
F Harkness. Los Ang Celia Brown. Phlla.
C T Robinson & w. S Martin. Philadelphia
San Jose
PALACE HOTEL
TOGilbay & w. KCltylKate P Hunter, N T
J Hatch, San Jose ill C Brandt. Loa Ang
H J Small. Sacmento Mrs H G Stevenson.
O M Davidson & w, I Menlo Park
Chicago Mrs W J B Lee. L Ans
8 B Elkins Jr. "W Va E W Churchill & w,
E A Alexander. N J Napa
W P Harvey & w, Ky:J W McKinley. LAnj
Miss R Bourne. Ky Mrs C L Borgmeyer.
Miss A Babcock Ky New Jersey
Miss M Davis, Ky Miss M J Shankel. Pa
Miss H Ripy, Ky - Miss M J Skipp«r.
"W E Mitchell, Ky Boston
F W Harvey Ky Miss K Germalne, N T
R E Harvey. Ky J B Tibbott A w, Cal
A B Harvey, Ky A H Elftman. Minn
S H Bonns, N Y Mrs W H Davis, Sao
C D Galvin & w, N Y J D Wcrks, Los Ads
J C Chase, Loa An*- T Maclay & w, Cal
W M Meek, Denver "W A Clark, Montana
B G Krauss. NY A 'Underwood. Mont
S A Goldsmith. NY J "Waterman, S Barbar
O C Cole & w, N Y N J Conkllng. Clnclnti
J H Johnston & w. Col
NEW. "WESTERN HOTEL.
E O Hunt & w. Pa F Bush. N«br
8 H Tahln. w & i c Mrs E Longneck*. ¦•-
Knights Landing attle
Mrs Johnson. Knights W B Dobbyne, Cal
H Vtaion. Fresnd R Talfor. Crockett
C M Waahburn. Cal K~Ryan. Weaver
a Anderson. Salt Lake P Lennon. Bakersfle'.d
Mrs L South. Denver T Wallace. London
N N Johnson, w & c. L. Endebrook & mother,
Thornton Cincinnati
H "W Wllcoxen. Nebr J N Sprouse & w. Cal
Hay being more freely delivered again. .
Feedstuff s firm, but no higher.
Pink and Lima Beans continue strong and in demand.
Potatoes and Qnions steady and Vegetables plentiful and' weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs shozu no change.
'Truit market less affected by the teamsters' strike.
Old Dried Peaches and Apples cleaned up.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Wool well cleaned up. Hides weak and Hops nominal:
Meat quotations stand as before.
Business still light on the local stock exchanges.
Poultry plentiful and lower.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment of $167,840 to China.
No change in Silver or exchange.
Wheat rather weaker on call. Barley unchanged.
Oats and Corn slightly lower at Chicago.
Oat and Corn products advanced in this market. v
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 8@8%c;
local make.- %e less than i Calcuttas;- Wool
Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, ,7%@Sc;. ¦•Fruit
Bags, 5%@6c for cotton^and 8%@8%c">for jute.
¦sCOALr-Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 60; Coos Bay.
$5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative "Wallsend. $9:
Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannel, $10
per ton;- Coke. $15 per ton. in bulk and $17 in
sacks ; ' Rocky Mountain : descriptions. $8 45 per
20CO lbs and $S 50 per ton. ; according to brand.
-OILS — California Castor Oil, In cases No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed OH. in barrels, boiled,
General Merchandise.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about -lVio under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%@llc; medium, 9@10c; light, 8»,4@9c;
Cow Hides, 8%@9%c for heavy and 8^@9c for
light; Stags, 6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal,
9Hm0c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry. Hides, 16@16%c;
Culls. 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 17@17%c;
Culls and Brands, 14@13c; Sheepskins, 11 shear
lings,'15@30c each: short 'Wool. 30@50c each: me
dium, 50@75c; long Wool, 75c@?l each; Horse
Hides, salt,'|2 50@2 75 for large and . $2@2 25 for
medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for. Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for me
dium, ?1 25 for small and 50c 'for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. . Goatskins
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium,' 35c. .'¦>'• "' • ¦ .¦••¦' .
-TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice,
5c: No. 2. 3%®4c; grease, 2%@3c. •< - .
WOOL— 6pring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 14@15%c; do. Lambs', He per lb;
Northern, free, 12013c; defective. 9@llc; Middle
County,- free, 10@llc; do, defective, . 8@10c:
Southern, 12 i months. . 8@9c; Southern, free. 7
months, »7@10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@8c;
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, 11® 13c;
do. fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada, 10@ll%c. Fail-
San Joaquin Lambs', 7V£@9c. \
•¦' HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
There is no change in this market. Wool Is
very well cle'aned up. Hides are rather j weak
and Hops continue dull and nominal. .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half -barrels, 9Vic; one tierce, 9Vic; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®7^c: per lb for
compound and lCJc for pure; half- barrels, pure,
10%c: 10-lb tinfl.llUc; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 52c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13V4c for light, 14%c-ror
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams,
13c; Mess Beef,. $}2 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50;
Family, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, : $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef, 13H@14c
per lb.
Goods are moving off better, as more teams
are running. Otherwise there is nothing new.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9ift9^c
for light amber; water-white extracted, 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4^4c; dark, 3%c.
BEESWAX-25@28c per lb.
NUTS-rWalnuts, No. 1 softsheli, 12@12V£c; No.
2, 8@8%c: No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c: No. 2, 6%©
Tiic; Almonds, 13@14c for.paper-shell. 10@llc for
softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5®
7c for Eastejn; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c: Filberts,
12(S)12i/4c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, f3 50@5.
FRUITS — Apricots. 7@10c for new Royals and
7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
new Evaporated Apples, 5@7c; new Peaches,
6c for July and 5&c for August delivery; Pears,
4@8c; Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unpitted. %@l\ic:
Nectarines, 4@4^c for red and 4@3c for white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes: 40-50s. 6%c; 50-60s, *&c;
60-70B, 3%c; 70-SOs, 3Vic; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-100s, 2%c;
100-120S, ' l%c
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices' Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10&c per lb;
choice, 9VHc; standard, 8%c: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6>4c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6Vfcc; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5V4c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
?l'6O; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Impe
rials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
Dealers report stocks of old Apples and
Peaches f practically cleaned up. Otherwise
there is nothing new. the market being quiet,
both here and in the East. The outlook is for
better prices later on. as the extreme hot
weather has greatly damaged fruits In many
sections.
Dried Fmits, Nuts and Raisins.
PEACHES— 25@50c per box and 15@25c per
basket and $20@22 50 per ton for Frees and $25
@35 for Clings in the country; Sawyer's Seed
lings. 50c per basket.
NECTARINES— White. 50@60c per box; Red,
6C@75c.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No. 1,
35@75c for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $305 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 40@50c per box for single and
$2 for double layers; 'White, nominal.
MELONS^-Nutmegs, 75c@Sl 25 per box: Can-,
taloupes. $1@1 "25 per half-crate and $1 50<Q2 per
large crate; Watermelons, from Fresno, 8@30c
apiece.
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
50@75c per crate; Fontainebleau and Black,
from Vacaville. 75c@$l 10 per box; Tokay, $1 25
per crate; Muscats, $1 25.
CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets,
Valenclas and St. Michaels. $1@3 25: Lemons.
50c@$l 50 for common and $2@3 25 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. .50c<3$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$5 50@6; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 50 per dozen.
PLUMS— 35@65c per box and 30@40c per bas
ket; Prunes, 50@75c per crate and 40@60c - per
basket; Green Gages. $15@20 per ton.
APRICOTS— 20@40c per box, 30@40c per crate:
in bulk, iWa 12 5U per ton for small and $15@
22 50 for large.
CRABAPPLES— 35@75c per box. according to
package.
APPLES— 85c@?l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40@75c for ordinary.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
As far as the strike is concerned. the situation
showed still • more - improvement yesterday.
There were more teams In operation, though
most of them were driven by the commission
men or their clerks. The receipts were.very
light, which was a great help to the commis
sion men. Besides much fruit which has been
destined for San Francisco canneries has been
diverted to the different canneries In the in
terior. The local canners, however,' succeeded
In getting considerable fruit hauled. One large
receiving house reported that the canners took
all tha,t came in to them, so that they were
not obliged to sell any to the retail trade.
Prices accordingly showed more firmness and
some advance was reported. Very little good
fr,uit was seen on the floors or sidewalks after
noon, though there was considerable half
spoiled stock waiting buyers. Arrivals of
Grapes ¦were extremely limited. Melons were in
larger supply and rather weak. Peaches were
higher and Plums and Prunes continued firm.
Thus far during the strike they have not de
clined. They have been in remarkably good
demand this year, i Nectarines also did better.
Deciduous and Citnis Fruits.
Stocks of . Butter are spotted, some •- dealers
reporting light and others .heavy supplies.
Prices remain unchanged. Cheese is steady and
also unchanged. ¦ ' ¦ ' .
There are still plenty of Eggs on the mar
ket and the demand is too light to enable deal
ers to advance prices. • : .- . ¦ \ . . . ¦
Receipts were 45,300 pounds and 94 tubs of
Butter. 22,000 pounds Eastern Butter, 631 cases
of Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 19,115 pounds
of California Cheese, — pounds Oregon Cheese
and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 21@21V£c per lb for
fancy and 19@20c for seconds ;> dairy, 14@19c
per lb. . .
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
Americas, 10@llc per/lb. • -• ~
EGGS— Ranch, 17019c for good to '-" fancy;
store, 13@15c per dozen. - -
The market continues well supplied, dull and
weak, with lower prices for some descriptions.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9c for Gobblers
and.8@9c for Hens; Geese, per pair, Jl@l 25;
Goslings, $1 12%@1 25; Ducks, $2 50@3 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4; young
Roosters. $4 50(gS; old Roosters. $3 50®4; Fryers,
$3 50@4; Broilers, $2 50@3 for large and $1 50@2
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs. . '
GAME— Hare, $1@1 50; Rabbits. $1@1 50 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush. . . .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
points, and this plan will be followed as long
an the strike lasts. The market Is steady and
not materially changed. Onions rule firm.
Vegetables stand about as before, ( Tomatoes
being in excessive supply and the other kinds
in ample stock for all current needs.
. POTATOES- : -75c@$l 25 in sacks and $1®1 50 In
bcxes for Burbanks, 80c@$l for Garnet Chiles
and SOc@$l 10 for Early Rose; Salinas Bur
banks, $1 25@1 50. '
ONIONS— Yellow, 90c@$l 15 per ctl. ¦
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, *1 75@2 25 . for
large.* $125@1 50 per box for No. 1 and, 50c@$l
for No. 2; Green Peas, l«f 2c;' String Beans,
l@2%c; Limas, ; Cabbage, 35@40c per ctl:
Tomatoes, from the River, in large boxes. lSCd)
40c; Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Green Okra. 8(gl0c:
Carrots, 2o@35c per sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 35®
5<>c; Pickles. lHc per lb for small and lc for
large; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 50c@$l per
box for Chile and $1@1 50 for Bell; Egg Plant,
50c©$l per box; Green Corn. 40c@$l per sack;
Alameda, $1@$1 50 per crate; Berkeley, 75@85c:.
Summer Squash, large boxes, 20<@25c; New
Marrowfat Squash, l%@2c per lb. . ".
', Poultry and Game. '
The strike Is cutting less figure in this mar
ket, ; as goods are moving more freely. Pota
toes are still being shipped from interior
Potatoes, I Onions' and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL, July 25.— Wheat, quiet ; No. 1
standard California, 6s@6s %d; wheat in Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, steady;' French country
markets, firm. Weather in England, thunder
storm. ; .> .- . - ,
# _ *
LONDON, July 25. — Consols, 92%; silver, 27d;
French rentes, lOOf 62%c; cargoes on passage,
rather, firmer; No. 1 standard California, 29s
9d; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 6d; English coun
try markets, strong.
Foreign Markets.
L6NDON, July 25.— The present series of
wool auction sales closed to-day. The number
of bales offered to-day were 12,000 and consist
ed of a miscellaneous character, the bulk be
ing: for grade wool. A few fine Merinos sold
readily at full prices. Crossbreds were In
large supply and Inferior medium stock was in
quieter demand at Irregular rates. A few
scoured were firm. There was a. full attendance
throughout the series and the competition wa«
average. - -
London Wool Sales.
ST. JOSEPH, July 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1380. Steady to 10c lower. Natives, $3 75@5 65;
cows and heifers, $1@4 50; bulls and stags, $2@
4 75; stockers and feeders, $1 70@4; veals, $2
@5 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 13,787. Steady to 5c higher.
Light and light mixed. $5 55@5 80; medium and
heavy, $5 65@6 12%; pigs, $3@4 50; bulk, $5 70
®*.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1930. Active, steady on
best; others slow, but no lower.
JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, July 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 13,
500, includine 25 Texans. Slow, but generally
steady. Good to prime steers, $5 3505 90; poor
to medium, $4@5 25; stockers and feeders, $2 40
@4; cows. $2 75@4 50; heifers, $2 25@4 75; can
ners. $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2 25@4 50; calves, $3 50
@5 75; Texas steers, $3@4 50.
¦ HOGS— Receipts to-day, 35,000; to-morrow,
22.000; left over, 8000. Market opened steady;
strong; closed steady to 5c lower. Mixed and
butchers', $5 65@6 10; good to choice - heavy,
to 90@6 10; rough heavy, $5 60@5 85; light, $5 95
@'6;-bulk of sales, $5 80@5 95.
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000. Steady; lambs 10®
20c lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 80@4 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3 35@3 80; •¦ "Western
sheep, $3 30@4; yearlings, $4@4 50; native
lambs, $3fto 40; Western lambs, $4 40@5 40.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, July 25.— The cotton market
was weaker again to-day under heavy liquida
tion and bear selling. - The close was steady,
with prices net 12 to 17 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
Pig iron warrants, $9 50@10; No. 1 northern
foundry, $lo@15 50; No. 2 do, $14@14 50; No. 1
southern • foundry, $15 25@15 75; No. 1 southern
soft. $15 25@15 75.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The local tin market
was unsettled and higher, with about all trade
well concent™ ttd. • -The closing spot price , was
27.15c to -7.25c. ._ Sales H-ere /made ex-steamer
due next week at 26.75c and August sold at
26.7«c' down to 26.50c, closing with 26.50c asked
and 26.40c bid. American Tin Plate Company
has not advanced its prices for . tin plates and
Its quoted rate is still 4c at the mill, but new
orders are not wanted, owing to the strike.
But jobbers avo holding their stocks for higher
prices and acme special sizes have been sold
at $3 and even J? 25 per box. The London mai
ket closed with spot tin £1 5s lower at £119
15s, and futures unchanged^ £114 10s. Copper
was dull and nominal here at 17c for lake and
l(3%c for ¦ casting and electrolytic. London
closed a shade lower, with final prices for the
day showing spot at £67 12s 6d and futures at
£68. ¦ Prices were Is 3d lower at London, clos
ing at £12 13s 3d, while the local market was
unchanged rtt 4%c. _ Spelter was quiet locally
at 3.90c to 3.95c, while London closed 5s, net
higher at £16 15s. Iron, both here and abroad,
was quiet and practically unchanged. Glas
gow closed at 54s and Middlesboro at 44s lOVfcd.
Local prices closed as follows:
L New York 'Metal Market.
Peaches— Early Crawfords, boxes $2@2 30, aver
age -J2 03; Strawberry Cling, boxes $2 05@2 10,
average $2 06. ,¦ < Prunes— German, single, crates
*2 25@2 55, average $2 28; Gros prunes, single
crates $2 35@2 53. average %2 40; Tragedy, single
crates, , average • $2 30 • 'Two cars sold here to
day.. ?Hot weather. ;• I
Flour, qr sks....". 12,373
Wheat, ctls 4.32C
Barley,, ctls.. 6,060
Oats, ctls 3,0i/0
Corn, ctls 20
Sugar, ctls . 800
Tallow, ctla.. 213
Lime, bbls 182
Onions, sks . 1,320
Chicory, bbls..... 15
Beans, sks 171
Potatoes, sks 5.7S1
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, JULY 25.
Bran, sks 2,506
Middlings, ska... 412
Hay, tons 467
Straw, tons 10
Wool, bales 48
Leather.^rolla.... 148
Wine. gals.... 16,800
Quicksilver, flsks 6
Powder, car 1
Hides, No 133
Pelts, bdls 38
Quotations remain as before.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and S@6c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 7®Sc; small. 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7e3c; Ewfs. 7@7%c per
P LAMB— Spring. 8H®9o per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs,' 200 lbs and under. 6%®
6%c; over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. sows, 20 per
cent off. boars 50 per cent oft and stags 40 per
cent oft from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7H@9%c. . -
San Francisco Meat Market.
94c; raw, 92c: cases, Sc more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c; China
Nut. 53@63<$ per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c; "Whale
Oil, natural white. 37£@42%c per gallon; Tlsh
Oil. in barrels, 35c; cases. 40c. ~
JCOAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
I3c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c: Eocene. 31c:
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
52c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The -Western Supar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound. }n 10O-lb bags:
Cub'as, Crushed and fine Crushed, 5.73c:
Powdered, . a.35c; ¦ Candy Granulated, 5.33c;
Dry Granulated, 5.25c; Confectioners' A.
5.25c; Dry Granulated. 5.25c; Beet Granu
lated, 5.15c; Magnolia. A. 4.83c; Extra C,
4.75c; Golden C. 4.65c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Dominoa. half-bar
rels, 6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb.
THE SAN FEANGlgCQ CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 26. ;1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Money was scarce on J. P. Morzan & Co.'s
payment, for the" Leyland line of steamships
and treasury bill applications.
*: — .""•' ~= ¦ — *
NEW YORK. July 25f-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London nnancial'cablegram saj"s:
. The markets, here' were stagnant to-day, ex
cept jfor heavy and general liquidation In
Americans, which gently slid down until New
York became a pood buyer of the grangers,
rivinc.a smart lift to the list. In the street
prices eased attain. • ;. :
London Market.
Prime mercantile paper. 4%@5 per cent Ster
ling: Exchange easier. / with actual business In
« a ££f J?! «5 U i 8 at ** &~K®* 87H for demand and
t* S4%@4 So for sixty days
«i^?«fl,f at ! 8> ¦*< 86QM S8%; commercial bills.
$4 84@4 84%; bar silver. 5S',ic; Mexican dollars,
46ViC Government bonds steady; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular • . . •
THE COAST RECORD.
ST.
8
o; r. & w. co.
WeeHy Call $1,00 BerYea?
BAY AND EIVEB . STEAMEB3.
inrir^A^
Steamers GEN. PRISBIE or MONTICELLO
»:45 a. m., 1:15 and 8:30 p. m . # except Saa-
day. Sunday, 9:45 *. m., 8 JO p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 ¦ a. m., 12:30 noon, f p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 - p. m. Para SI
cents. Telephone Mala 1503. Land lag and of-
fice, pier *. MiMlOD-at. dock. HATCH BRO3.
AMERICAN LINE.
XEW "Cm. SCHTH»¥PT0!*. I-O^DOJf. PABI3.
Stopping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul August 7fSt. Paul Aujrust 2S
St. Louis August 14 St. Lcuis Sept 4
Philadelphia-August 21 1 Philadelphia ...Sept 11
RED STAR LINE.
Mew York and Antwero.
From New York, Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland ..August 7 Friesland ....August 2S
Kensington ..August 14 Southwark Sept 4
•Zeeland August 21 »VaderIand Sept. U
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
• CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 n m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on hoard on
day of sailing.
SS. AlfERICA MARU... Saturday, Aug. 10 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU ,.
Wednesday. September 4. 1301
fcS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1901
Ronnd-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's odce
421 Market street, corner First. *
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
STEAMER ST. PAUL
Sailing SATURDAY, Jnlj 27.^
For freight or passage call on or write C
F. MOORE, 935 Market st. room 8.
oceafflcs.sxo.img
s. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
S. rAuiT^L^A^fo^at^- *• » " BU
S. p/ MXRi^SA^for d H y onolX. St .. 8 V.!?..^ "*
fcaturday, August 10, 2 p. m.
J. O.SPBECKLS 4 BROS. CO., Qanaral Jloents. 327 Barb! SI
Gen'l Passangsr OSes, 543 itortet St, Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, |105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails idon hy. Auft. 12
S. S. Leelanaw nail* Monday, Aug. 26
S. S. Argyll sni s Tuesday. Sept. 24
From Steuart street at 2 p. m. "
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPO.TES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. ;
ACONCAGUA-. Aug. 6 GUATEMALA... Aug Zi
PERU Aug. — IPALENA Sept' 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger of2ce, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
COMPAQOTS GENBIULB TRANSATLANTI^US
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^» w
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from trier i2. ¦YMrt n
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
pagne. August 1; La Gascogne, .'August 8;
•L'Aqultalne. August 15; La Normandle, Au-
gust 22. ' .
First class to Havre, J70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and ' upward. GENERA L
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and, CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building) New
York. J. F. FUGAZT .&* CO.. Paciflo Coast
Ag»nts. 5 Montaromenr avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw ExDre? a Steamers.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•> I Steamers leave Broadway
•Sk Wharf. San Francisco:
tSb^^i- For Alaskan port3 — 11 a. m..
Wfig&g* July 15, 20, 25. 30, August 4.
jSSrISjmWk Change to company's steam-
s9k rarfraa €rs at Seattle.
£~£&2vl 5Bil For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
KilK«k^£gW2'J C), Port Towr.aend. Seattle.
f^^'^ESEa Tacoma. Everett, Anaeortea
and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.* July 15. 20. 25, 30.
Aur. A, and every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
July 11. 16. 21, 26, 31. Auj. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
pele*) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays. 9
a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling 1 at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. Ea?t San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ("Corona only) — Steamer
Corona, Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonita.
Tuesdays, 9 a. m. '
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jo.«e del
Cabo. Mazat!an. ' Altnta, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders. "Si*
The company reserves th« right to chance
steamers. Falling dates and hours. of cailins
without nrevicus notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALIa PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents."
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUD3 BSKTH sad HEAL*
ES. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12. 22. August 1, 11, 31. It
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Z.iZ.j.
Sails July 7. 17. 27. August «. 19. 21
I>-W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Ajrt..l Montgom'y. S.F.
LOWEST H.ATE3.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to rtti
frefntst Cast. Thronllh ticket* tt» nil
points, nil rj»H t «?e»»ni<«Wf> nrc! rail, at
Onljr S*«»«»:malml'F» X«ix>o *t»
FORYOUNG DRAUGHTSMAN OF THIS
CITY ACCIDENTALLY KILLKD
HIMSELF AT LAKE TAHOE.
cemetery. San Francisco, to-morrow af
ternoon at * o'clock.
The remains will be taken across the
bay on the 2 o'clock harbor route boat.
Only the wife and relatives will accom
pany the body. At the chapel Rev. Mar
tin N. Ray. rector of St. John's Episcopal
Church, will conduct the service. After
ward the remains will be incinerated.
The associates of Mr. Yates at tha Cen
tral Bank will attend the services, but the
family has made known the request of tha
deceased cashier that absolutely no dis
play shall be made.
The death of Mr. Tates was a profoxmfl
shock to bis many friends and business
associates In thi« city. AT"""g' all classes
with whom he had mingled In his exten
sive business relations, Mr. Tates had
gained a strong position. He combined
a keen, grasp upon the involved affairs of
his profession with a charm of personal
ity that was the secret of. his hold upon,
his friends. .- - -
Since childhood Ms home had been in
California. In his younger days he was a
devotee of the athletic sports. He began
his business career in the Oakland Banlc
of Savings, worked rapidly forward, and
ten years ago, when the Central Bank
was Instituted, was installed as cashier,
a position he held until his death.
The surviving family consists of a wife,
the daughter of R. R. Thompson, and a
son. The family residence is at 1225
Chestnut street.
appraisers of the estate of. the late Mrs.
Sarah. Wakefield. who was one of the vic
tims of the Rio disaster, places the value
of the property at 5150,000.. Aside from a
ranch in San Diego County, appraised at
$22 200, the principal items are San Fran
cisco and Oakland realty and personal
property as follows:
Cash. VU.017 89; interest In thft estate aC her
daughter Naomi, who perished with her. $13,
484 S9; Spring Valley stock. J12J00; jewelry.
J1000; sugar stock. J11Q0; furniture, J26D0; realty,
JS3,lll-
LARGE ESTATE LEFT BY
VICTIM OF BIO WELEXJK
Appraisers Fix Valuation of Property
Formerly Belonging to the Late
Mrs. Wakefield.
OAKLAND. July 23.— The report of th»
"The people were not as democratic as
I expected. Socialism is very prevalent
throughout Europe. In London socialis
tic books were for sale on every corner.
"I found no place abroad where I
should care to Uve."
The Rev. Paul JL Spencer, for two
years Dr. DIHe's assistant and pastor in
charge during his absence, will shortly
leave for a four years' post graduate study
in Eastern divinity schools and at Colum
bia University.
"In London I was so fortunate as to
see the royal proclamation, with Its pomp
and display.
"I found in Europe a change of feelin?
toward America as a whole for the better,
but for Americans individually they have
a feeling of resentment for our personal
aggressiveness.
"We were in Rome a week and visited
Florence, Naples and Venice before leav
ing Italy. From Italy we went to Switz
erland and on down the Rhine. After a
week In London on the home trip we
sailed from Queenstown for America. •
"The journey was not an eventful on»
save for its great intrinsic interest." said
Dr. Dille. "I enjoyed it most heartfly. I
have had good health all the time and.
though I traveled considerably more than
20jP00 miles, met with no accident.
"We went first to Naples, thence to
Egypt, where we spent ten days visiting
the famous show places on the lower
Nile.
"From Egypt we went to Palestine,
which was, of course, to me the most in
teresting part of the whole Itinerary.
"I spent a month in the study and en
joyment of the Holy Land, being special
ly privileged in having the American Con
sul as my host. He has been at Jerusa
lem for thirty years and is thoroughly
familiar with that city and the whole
country. I put in a week in research
among the archives of that sacred spot.
"Constantinople was the most Interest
ing place from the sightseeing: standpoint.
The city lies there on the Bosphoroua Ilka
a vision,- »urrounded by wonderfully
beautiful scenery.
Dr. Dille reports himself greatly re
freshed mentally and physically by his
vacation. The visit to the Holy Land
had -been a dream long looked forward to.
and the popular divine had determined
upon it even before his parishioners pre
sented him with a $1000 purse to make tha
project more feasible.
111S Broadway. July 25.
The Rev. E»r. K. R. DUIe. pastor of'thw
First Methodist Church, has just returned
from a five months' trip to Europe and
Palestine. He will immediately resume
charge of his pastorate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Much Needed Rest provided
by Generosity of
Parishioners.
Rev. Dr. Dille Returns
After Five Months
Abroad.
PASTOR VISITS
THE HOLY LAND
Utmost simplicity will be observed at
the funeral of the late Charles R. Tates,
cashier of the Central Bank, who passed
away this morning at Fabiola Hospital.
In strict accordance with the often ex
pressed desires of Mr. Xates there -will be
no display, nor any services other than a
ceremony at the chapel In Odd Fellows'
Oakland Oiflce San Francisco CaH,
1118 Broadly, July 25.
Observes Last Wishes of
. Late Central Bank
Cashier.
FAMILY ORDERS
SIMPLE RITES
Three ' things that never , become rusty :
The money of the benevolent, the hails in
a collector's shoes and a woman's tong ue.
. A"- German -professor declares that :a
poor man In a .hospital is better off than
a .rich patient in his own house, and he
hopes that this fact, will, help to over
comeahe .prejudice: affainst.hosnirai-.v
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 126 California street. .•.
"ALAMEDA. July '25.— Many patrons of
the municipal - electric lighting system,
who have received notices to come and
.pay up. have , registered . complaints < with
Ithe department that they do not owe any
thing. • They claim | they have been i pay
jpg their bills every. month and thatithcy
are not in arrears. ,. ,, , ¦.., ., r v.
Deny They Owe Money. >
* Think of .It!
You can ga. to Stockton and return for $2.00,
Saturday, July *?7th,' via the Santa Fe, arid re
turn Sunday or Monday. ... . . .
OTTAWA. Ontario, July 25.— The case of
George O'Brien, the Yukon murderer, was
before the Cabinet to-day and an order in
council | was passed g allowing the law ¦ to
take its course. . He will be hanged Au
gust 23. -
No Hope for O'Brien.
BERKELEY. July 25.— G. W Beattle
who graduated from the University of
California In 1899. has been appointed I
division superintendent in the Philippine
Island schools at an annual salarv of
$2250. From 1891. to 1895 Beattie was Coun
ty Superintendent of Schools in San Ber
nardino County. In 1899 he received the
degree of Bachelor of Science from the
university ana : last May the degree of
Master of Science. He was organizer of
the San Bernardino High School and for
the past year has, been secretary of the
California Educational Commission.
Charles D. Bailey, a junior at the Uni
versity of. California, has been appointed
athletic trainer, at Oahu College, Hono
lulu. He will take up his duties there in
August. Bailey was a distance runner
at college. ¦. ¦ * "' ' „
Berkeleyans Get Positions.
SANTA ROSA, July 25.— By wrapping a
towel about her neck and throwing the
loop over an open door Mrs. c.' C. Becker
committed suicide here this morning. She
had been i despondent for some time be
cause of her ill-health. The body was
found by her husband and son when they
returned from their work. Mrs. Becker
was 46 years of age. •
Ends Her Life While Despondent.
KESWICK, July 25.— Not since the Cof
fee Creek excitement of four years, ago
has there been such a rush to Trinity
County'as there is 'at present. It; is all
on account of the Sweepstake mine open-
Ing up near Weaverville. Extra stages
have been put on and they all go into
Trinity loaded to their fullest capacity.
There are many going in by private con
veyances and scores . go afoot.
Prospectors Crowd Into Trinity.
BERKELEY, July 25.— A strip of land
in Shattuck avenue at the corner of Haste
street after years of trouble and litiga
tion between this city and Mrs. Mary
Townsend, who: claimed it, has at last
come Wo the possession of the town. A
<?pttlement was made . and for $475 Mrs.
Townsend deeded the property to Berke
w The Southern Pacific, s which also
had some claim upon the land, re
linaulshed its hold without remuneration.
Years ago when Shattuck avenue was
out through, Mrs. Townsend refused to
Si ve a strip of land fifty feet wide and ex
tending to the middle of the street. The
street was graded and macadamized but
Mrs Townsend kept the workmen from
her 'property at the point of a shotgun,
street contractors and town officials alike
were unable to cope with her. . That part
of the street has remained unimproved
to this day. : . _ , -' ; > ." : '" ' \ ¦
Berkeley Comes in Possession of Por
tion of Sh.attu.ck Avenue Long
• • in iHspute.
TOWNSEND LITIGATION
AMICABLY SETTLED
" Daniel J. Desmond of Oakland, aged 21, to
marry Katherlne A. Clark of Oakland,* aged
18; L. E. Phillips of Berkeley, aged 26, to
marry Belle P. Walters of San Francisco, aged
26; Niels Offerson of San Leandro, aged 35, to
marry Annie E. Blair of Oakland, aged 22;
Francis "W. Gossard of Oakland, ased 39, to
marry Mrs. Sarah V. Chapman of Sacramento,
aged 43; Edward L. Ballard of Dunsmulr, aged
24, to marry Nora V. Roth of Oakland, aged
19; Frank Zellnsky of St. Helena, aged 32/ to
marry Clara B. Scott of San Francisco, aged
20; Washington Irving of San Francisco, aged
66, to marry Mary S. Dunn of San Francisco,
aged 20. • , .
OAKLAND, July 25.— Marriage licenses
were, issued at the County Clerk's office
to-day to the. following named::
Licensed to Harry.
OAKLAND, July 26. — Joseph Peixotto,
a saloon-keeper at Seventh and Union
streets; while attempting to board an
eastbound local train, met with a serious
and possibly fatal accident early this
morning near the corner of Seventh and
Magnolia streets.- In any event he will
lose both feet, which were amputated in
the Receiving Hospital.
No one saw the accident, but the sup
position is that Peixotto attempted to
board the train after the gates were
closed. A portion of his wearing apparel
was found hanging to one of the gates.
The train was backed and Peixotto was
found lying alongside the track at Mag
nolia street. He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where his feet were ampu
tated. In addition he suffered a number
of severe internal injuries. No one wit
nessed the accident.
')¦- Loses Both His Feet.
Overture Orchestra
Tenor solo Harry Colman
Vocal solo (selected) Miss Mamie Laydon
Quartet • .........Emerald Glee Club
Monologue '•• Henry Auerbach
Soprano solo Miss Madge Vaughan
Accompanied by Miss Agnes Donovan
Irish ballad William G. Judge
Vocal solo (selected) Miss Daisy V. Keene
Gaelic solo • Hon. Jeremiah Deasy
Selections • Gaelic Mandolin Club
Soprano solo "....Miss Bessie Hicks
Violin solo Master C. T>. Leonard
Specialties Miss Agnes "White and Miss Solar!
The fifth anniversary entertainment and
dance given by Martha Washington Cir
cle No. 1, Ladies' Auxiliary to A. O. H.,
was held last evening at Golden Gate
Hall and proved both a financial and so
cial success. The following programme
was rendered, after which dancing was in
order:
Hibernian Ladies Entertain.
¦ ? —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 25.
Auditor A. H. Breed has a second time
refused to draw warrants in favor of the
Contra Costa Water Company for pay
ment of the bills for Water supplied dur
ing the last fiscal year, amounting to $26,
000.
Such was that official's stand to-day,
when the company's representatives,
armed with the ratifying ordinance signed
by Mayor Barstow, made a formal de
mand for the warrants. •
The Auditor declared his opinion that
the claims, In spite of the ordinance,
were still Illegal, and for that reason,
coupled with his desire not to jeopardize
any of the city's interests in the water
rate iitigation, he declined to issue the
warrants.
Upon this refusal the water company
will make a second attempt by mandamus
proceedings in the Superior Court to com
pel the Auditor to draw the warrants.
The first suit the company instituted was
never brought to Issue because the com
plaint was found to be fatally defective.
Now, with the r.ew ordinance, which rati
fies and confirms all acts of the City Coun
cil with relation to the disputed water
bills, the corporation has hope that its
case will rest upon more substantial
ground. "
So far as the Auditor Is concerned, he
gars he will not retire from his position
until the court of- last resort has finally
passed upon the case. That means a year
or more must pass before the issue can
be settled in the Supreme Court, no mat
ter which way the litigation shall ter
minate. ¦ * i v.. ¦
The Auditing and Finance Committee of
the City Council to-night recommended a
transfer of $20,000 of the balances in the
treasury, as follows:
From the salary fund to the general
fund, $5000; from the street light fund to
the general fund, $5000; from the police
fund to the High school fund, $10,000. This
will pay the salaries of the High school
teachers for March and April last and
will ease the pressure on the general fund
claims, but will leave unsettled the High
school salaries for May and June. The
committee refused to make all of the
transfers recommended by Auditor Breed.
Councilman Schaffer charged the Auditor
with attempting to "flimflam" the Coun
cil in the financial statement that had
been submitted concerning the condition
of the funds. He said: "The. Auditor's
statement is deceptive. He says if you
make these transfers you will leave $27,000
in the treasury after settling all bills but
the water company's claims. That is not
so He has included in his balances $3800
for the police and pension fund and $5000
estimated to come in from delinquent
taxes, but the former is not in the treas
ury and the property owners have five
years in which to pay the delinquencies."
"It's a case of flimflam," said Council
man "Wixson. ,.,,„'
"If it is not fllmflamming, I would like
to know what it is." said Schaffer. The
Auditor's request for a general transfer
was indefinitely postponed and the $20,
000 transfer, as Introduced by Chairman
Courtney, was recommended".
Auditor Breed Declines
to Issue Water Bill
Warrants.
REFUSES AGAIN
TO HEED DEMAND
j*z^ YRIL M. JEFFCOAT, a draughts
(l man employed at the Joshua
(I Hendy Machine Works, acclden-
tally shot himself Wednesday
afternoon at Lake Tahoe and
died yesterday forenoon from the" wound.
C. W. Coburn, who was at McKinney's,
where young Jeffcoat was spending his
vacation, is on the way to San Francisco
with the body of the unfortunate man and
Mrs. Georgie Hunt is well known in this
.city, having been secretary for the Girard
Piano Company for several years. ¦ She is
a sister of Mrs. E. L. Warner, and by the
brave spirit which she has always
evinced, together with a pleasing person
ality, Mrs. Hunt has won many friends
both socially and in the business world.
undergo the painful operation and his
brave little mother will supply the cuticle
and flesh that is to save Alvin Hunt from
being a cripple.
BOY TO SAVE WHOSE FOOT
MOTHER'S FLESH WILL BE
USED.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 25.
After being herself named as cp-respond
ent In one divorce suit; Mrs. May Ed
wards Ware has filed suit for a legal sep
aration from her husband. Conductor
Frank Ware of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. Ten days ago Mrs. May Drake
wife of a Southern Pacific brakeman, filed
a similar action, implicating Mrs. Ware in
the ruin of her home. At the time those
charges were made the Wares separated,
and now Mrs. Ware makes charges of
cruelty against her husband.
The case involving the two couples has
from the first been redolent of plots and
counterplots, to unravel which detectlvse
have been employed by the several parties
in interest, dark threats meanwhile rum
bling menacingly. "Ware said he would
kill Drake, and Mrs. Ware now says that
he said he would kill her. He knocked
her down with a blow of his fist last Feb
ruary, she alleges, and in last June again
struck her arid threatened her life. She
claims that he allowed her only $30 O f his
$150 monthly salary with which to clothe
herself and run the household. She also
says he employed a detective to dog her
footsteps, and in general showed an en
tire lack of that affectionate confidence
which should obtain between husband and
wife. ¦ • "...
Mrs. Drake also had a detective at work
prior to the final break between herself
and- her husband. She claimed to have
discovered that many times when her ab
sent spouse represented that he was en
gaged with his duties on the road he was
really spending his time with Mrs Ware
Mrs Ware says the detectives' stories are
fabrications from beginning to end
Both of the offended wives have gone to
live with their mothers pending the out
come of the litigation. .
No bloodshed has yet resulted from the
ill feelings aroused over the mix-up
Mary E. Loofbourow has been granted
a divorce from George Loofbourow on tho
ground of willful neglect.
In the divorce suit of Mary Glerlsch
against Wolfgang Gierisch the default of
the defendant has been entered.
Minnie M. Anderson has filed a divorce
suit against Jottn Anderson on the irrounrJ
of desertion. .' -- •¦.-¦•..
Joseph Dias has given public notice that
his wife having left him he will not be re
sponsible for her debts, ¦ •
Mrs. May Ware Piles a
Divorce Suit of Her
Own.
CO-RESPONDENT
NOW PLAINTIFF
will arrive here this forenoon. .
Details of the accident are meager.^ A
telegram, f rom Coburn to L. A. Ganahl.
who was Jeffcoat's bosom friend, .con
tained all the information yet received of
the tragedy. Jeffcoat left San Francisco
a week ago last Wednesday and was to
have started back yesterday. He took
with him his shotgun and revolver, and
it is supposed that it was with one^ of
these weapons that he shot himself. '
Ganahl at once cabled to Jeffcoat's fath
er in England news of the son's death.
Jeffcoat had been in San Francisco about
three years and had made many warm
friends by his sterling worth of character
and genial ways. He was 24 years old and
was a graduate of Rugby and of Cam
bridge University. He had made a spe
cialty of engineering and was a member
of the British Institute of Civil Engineers.
His parents reside- at Surblton. thirty
miles from London. Two of his brothers
are with the' army in South Africa, one
being a captain of infantry and the other
in charge of rapid-fire guns. . His father is
a retired army officer.
By following a trail of fresh earth De
tectives Holland and Shorey to-day un
covered the hiding place of cartloads of
stolen ornamental flower pots, hanging
baskets and jardinieres at the residence
of Harry W. Teeple and. D. C. McConnell,
Southern Pacific Company conductors,
living at 80 Sixth street. - The police are
now trying to discover who is the thief
that utilized the railroad men's premises
as a storeroom for two or three wagon
loads of plunder, the thief of which has
been puzzling the department for months.
The story opens with the report at po
lice headquarters this morning of the
fering from the residence of J. K. Orr,
149 Eighth street, of a lot of potted plants
and similar ornaments. Holland and
Shorey went to the place and struck a
lead at once. From one of the pots the
earth had sifted as the thief walked off
with his plunder. Along Eighth street to
Oak the fresh trail ran, thence to Sev
enth to Sixth and then to the front door
of the home of the railroad men.
Leaving Holland on guard, Shorey hast
ened to the City Hall, swore out a search
warrant and then the pair of officers en-
"he residence, finding Mrs. Teeple
and Mrs. McConnell within In a back
vard was located the Orr plants, along
with a lot more of like articles, some of
which were carted off to the City Hall,
where they await identification by their
<r r? 1 oth S Teeple and McConnell, according
to their wives, who are sisters, are away
on runs. Neither of the women had any
explanations to offer concerning the stolen
nrooerty. not even as to the way in which
Sne of Orr's jardinieres came to be un
covered In the Teeple front parlor. The
detectives await the return of the absent
railroad men. , ., - ¦ ¦;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 25.
Detectives Trace Plant
Theft to Railroad
Men's Home.
TRAIL OF DIRT
SERVES AS CLEW
"While the other lads hastily sought help
young Hunt, though suffering the most
excruciating pain, deliberately cut the
shoe from his torn and bleeding foot.
A physician was summoned from Santa
Cruz, and during the operation of stitch
ing and dressing the wound the brave
boy's only thought seemed to be not of his
own suffering but for his mother. With
his hand over her eyes he pleaded: "Don't
look, mamma. It's only a little cut." "¦
But the "little cut" will not heal. It
was too badly crushed, and the flesh that
was torn away will have to be replaced In
order to save the foot. For a while it
was- feared that amputation ' would be
necessary,', but conditions have so changed
for "the bejtter thatf" Dr. James P. Dunn,
who has charge of the case,' has con
cluded that the process of grafting may
be successfully accomplished.
In a few days the lad will be ready to
¦ • ¦ ' ¦ ¦
OAKLAND, July 25.— That her only
son may not be a cripple for life,
Mrs.. Georgie Hunt of this city
has volunteered to submit to the
* surgeon's knife and give her own
flesh to replace that torn from, the child's
foot by a cruel accident.
On June 23 Alvin Hunt, aged 13, was
playing with several other boys on the
narrow gauge turntable at Felton, when
the brake was thrown by one of the boys
in such a manner as to strike young Hunt
on the foot with terrible force, lacerating
the flesh on both sides. The boy had
come over from Camp McCoy, the Young
Men's Christian Association headquarters
near Eckerts Station, to visit his mother,
who was then the guest of Mrs. "William
Russell at Felton. and was returning to
the camp when hurt.
NORTH YAKIMA, Wash., July 2S.-At
fakima City this afternoon Mrs. E. H.
Scholes. wife of the Northern" Pacing
»gent here, shot and fatally ¦wounded A.
Richmond, an old man about 70 years of
tpe. Richmond, who was intoxicated, it
e said, had abused Mrs. Scholes.
Woman Shoots an Old Man.
SALINAS. July 25.— The sequel to the
transfer of property in this county by
Henry Miller was shown this afternoon,
when articles of incorporation of the Las
Animas and San Joaquin Land Company
were filed. The company has a capital of
f23f),000. The" directors are Henry Miller
Br. and David Brown of San Francisco,
C. Z. Merritt of Oakland. J. L. Nickel of
Menlo Park and Henry Miller Jr. of Gil
roy. This is the incorporation to which
the transfer of the property was made.
Company Will Develop Lands.
associates offered to guarantee 3V4" per
cent on the ordinary stock, instead of the
present rate, but the directors decided to
Issue fresh capital and to make the In
stallation themselves.
IX)XDON', July 25. — The directors of the
Metropolitan Railway have declined the
offer of Charles T. Yerkes to introduce
electricity into their pystem. partly be
cause they are unwilling: to surrender
control of the line. Mr. Yerkes and his
•Yerkes' Proposition Rejected.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Julv 23.—
The place in the law department of Stan
ford University left vacant by the absence
for a year of Professor Jackson E. Rey
nolds, has been filled by the appointment
es instructor of JameS T. Burcham, who
will give the courses in agency
and equity. Burcham is twice a graduate
of Stanford. He received his A. B. in
history in 1S97, and his LL. B. in May of
the present year. He is the first and only
person on whom the university has con
ferred the latter degree.
SAX JOSE. July 23.— About 500 Epworth
Leaguers visited San Jose to-day and en-
Joyed the entertainment and hospitality
of the local societies. They were met by
a reception committee at the dei>ot and
escorted to the headquarters at the
First Methodist Church. There they
were entertained and given an abundance
of fruits and flowers. Carriages were pro
vided and a large number of them were
taken for drives around Campbell and
Berryessa. At the former place refresh
ments were served.
New Professor at Stanford.
Leaguers in the Garden City.
SEATTLE. July 25. — By the proclama
tion of President MeKinley re-establish
ing the boundaries of the Olympic forest
reserve, which has just been received in
the city, a considerable portion of lands
are taken from the reserve. In some
cases additions have been made to the
reserve, but they are more than counter
balanced by lands eliminated. The new
proclamation amends the one issued in
1S97 under the law passed In 1891 by Con
gress, which gives the President power to
set aside public forest-bearing lands.
Olympic Forest Reserve Lines.
Atlas Mountains.
LONDON', July 26.— "A few days ago."
says a dispatch to the Daily Mall from
Cadiz, "a great battle was fought be
tween the French and the Moors near
F*iguig. It was the result of the French
operations to subjugate the tribes south
of the Atlas Mountains and occupy the
oasis of Tafilit The French were "vic
torious. The Moors assert that the
French Government has 90,000 troops on
the Moorish border."
Subjugate Tribes South of
Encounter Results From Attempt to
GREAT BATTLE FOUGHT
BY FRENCH AND MOOBS
EL RENO. O. T.. July 25.— To-morrow
evening at 6 o'clock the booths in this
city and Lawton will be closed and the
registration of seekers for homes in the
Kiowa-Comanche and Apache reserva
tions wfll be ct an end. To-nlght'at the
close of registration 161.952 persons had
registered in the two districts. To-day's
registration: El Reno 11.196, Lawton 871.
Total. El Reno 131,833. Lawton 30.159. A
special dispatch to the Daily American
from Fort Sill says:
"On Saturday morning at 6 o'clock Ma
jor Scott. will send out troops to clear the
Fort Sill military reservation of all per
sons. This reservation is not ceded land
and has no connection with the land to be
opened to settlement. The registration
was held at Fort Sill simply as a matter
of expediency.
Nearly Two Hundred Thousand Set
tlers Register for Okla
homa Lands.
LONDON. July 26.— "The deadlock of
the Ministers of the powers has ended,"
says the Peking correspondent of the
Daily MaiL "Russia has withdrawn her
proposal to increase the duties to 10 per
cent and has accepted with some impor
tant reservations Great Britain's counter
proposition, that of sources, of revenue
ear-marked now shall be considered ade
quate, the powers providing for a short
age if it arise."
PEKIXG, July 25.— No effective govern
ment exists throughout the territory cov
ered by the foreign punitive expeditions.
Bands of brigands, composed of desert
ers from the foreign armies. Boxers and
former Chinese regulars, terrorize the
country.
The Imperial troops returning to Peking
plundered sixteen towns south of Pao
ting-fu. After the troops departed the
people took vengeance upon the official?,
mobbing the mandarins and wrecking
their houses.
XEADY FOB, THE BUSH
TO WIN HOMESTEADS
tionj Great Britain's Counter
Proposition.
Sussia* Accepts With Some Beserva-
DEADLOCK OF POWERS
OVZB, CHINA IS ENDED
The men were driving on Lincoln avenue
a no In making a turn on Willow street
In the darkness struck a telegraph pole,
upsetting their buggy. When persons who
heard the crash arrived they found Todd
dead and Sumner unconscious. A few feet
from the telegraph pole was the wrecked
buggy. The horse had run away.
The dead man had evidently struck the
pole in falling, breaking his neck. Sum
ner had fallen under the overturned rig.
His inquries are such that he cannot re
cover and death is momentarily expected.
He has two fractures of the skull, a ccm
iviund fracture of the left arm and the
;rigbt arm is fractured. He is also hurt
internally. . *
Todd had hired the buggy at the Lyndon
stables in Los Gatos and at 3 o'clock the
two men started for a drive to this city.
They had spent the afternoon here and
¦were on their way home when the accir
dent occurred. Todd was a native of Ire
land and about 50 years of age. Some
years ago he came into a fortune In Ire
land and for the past ten years had made
his home at the Hotel Lyndon in Los
Gatos. Sumner is a clerk, aged about 30
years, and lived at 421 North Fourth
street in this city.
SAN* JOSE, July 25.— Henry Todd. a
capitalist of Los Gatos, -was thrown from
a bujrgy at the corner of Lincoln avenue
and Willow street to-night and instantly
killed, and Walter J. Sumner, his com
panion, received Injuries from which he
will die.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Collision With a Telegraph
Pole Upsets Their
Vehicle.
Los Gatos Capitalist Is
Killed and His Com
panion Will Die.
TRAGEDY ENDS
A BUGGY RIDE
The Realty Syndicate has plans enough
of all k:nds without making new ones,
and the indications are that it is beginning
to carry some of them out. It now owns
every street car line and franchise upon
this side of the bay," and the people of
Alameda and Contra Costa counties are
loe+;ing anxiously for the next move.
The stock purchased of the. Haywards
road consists of the holdings of Horry
Meek, W. J. Landers and the . Stono
brothers. This stock was in pool under an
agreement not to sell unless all holders
were satisfied. Mr. Henshaw has secured
the pool stock, which amounts to two
thirds of the whole. He has also an
agreement to purchase the minority one
third at the same price paid for the
control. A
The much-talked-of story of »,compet
ing ferry is also being revived.
The syndicate has built ferries and
hotels on paper before, but it has never
been able to accomplish the purchase of
the Haywards and the San Pablo and
Telegraph avenue railroad systems before,
and these recent purchases are being
taken as an evidence that from some
where additional financial backing has
been secured.
Talk of Competing Ferry.
But there seems to- be more than the
purchase of one railroad system behind
these new deals of the Realty" Syndicate.
It is said that som,e mysterious million
aires have been interested fh the Realty
Syndicate and that plans that are Alladin
like in their brilliancy are to be sprung
upon the astonished gaze of Oakland.
Large Suburban, Hotel Projected. |
This may be the explanation of the
sudden activity displayed by the Oakland
Transit Company, which. is only a sub
sidiary corporation of the Realty Syndi
cate. For years the lines that were con
trolled by the Oakland Transit Company
eked out a hand to mouth existence. Cars
and roadbed went to pieces. Suddenly now
life appears in both the syndicate and the
railroad adjunct. The lines of the Pa
cific Improvement Company are acquired,
followed by the purchase of the Haywards
road. New surveys are run and expensive
plans : for reconstruction are made by the
railroad.
While the railroad is doing this work
the syndicate is not inactive. William J.
Dingee's magnificent home, "Fernwood,"
is purchased. Additions are made to the
already large holdings of the syndicate In
acreage land.
Now comes the assertion' that is made
from a source within the syndicate, .that
a large, suburban hotel is to be erected
upon the Dingee place in Hayes Canyon,
that the Piedmont branch of the Transit
Company's system is to be extended to
the Dingee place, and that this is to bo
made an all-the-year-round resort for
tourists. The property is admirably suited
for such a scheme, for the grounds are
already laid out as a private park, and It
would need but the construction of the
hotel building.
The deal is not completed, for Mr. Hen
shaw Has only made the. agreements with
the stockholders of the Hay wards line,
and the transfer has yet to- take 'place.
This will be completed before the end 01
the week, and by the first of August the
last and only independent street railroad
system in Oakland will Tie In the hands of
the Oakland Transit Company. ,
The Oakland Transit Company will con-,
trol ¦ every street railroad In .Oakland
before the week Is out. William G. Hcn
shaw, who .yesterday completed the pur
chase of a controlling- interest in the Oak
land, San Leandr'o and Hay wards Electric
Railroad, will turn that road over to the
Oakland Transit Company, and make that
company the owner of every line of street
railroad on this side of the bay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 25.
Plans for a Big Hotel and 5
Some Rumors of New
Backers.
Oakland Transit Com
pany Secures v Hay
awards System. ,
NOW CONTROLS
ALL CAR LINES
YOUNG DRAUGHTSMAN THE VICTIM
OF A FATAL ACCIDENT AT TAHOE
Cyril M. Jeffcoat Shoots Himself While Enjoying
an Outing at Mountain Lake Resort, Inflicting a
Wound Which Causes Death Some Hours Later
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 19OI.
MOTHER TO GIVE OF HER FLESH
TO MEND FOOT OF INJURED SON
Mrs; Gebrgie Hunt to Submit to Surgeon's Knife
That Her Boy, Injured on the Narrow Gauge Turn
table at Felton, May Not Be a Cripple for Life
9
DOES CLUB LIFE UNFIT A
WOMAN FOR HOME LIFE?
A DAY WITH THE SOUTHERN \\ AVT
PACIFIC PAY CAR. 1 1 VAI,
! — — ¦' ' ES3BBBSIBB' '..'¦" : .
THE PANAMA HAT IS NOW
THE ACTORS OF THE FAT DEVIL
V . BY SARAH COMSTOCK.
¦• ' Intido Information as. to How He Raids in Chinatown Art Made.
HOW THE MONEY IN THE
MINT IS COUNTED.
• ¦ ' • • ¦¦ - - . -
DRESSES FOR THE SUMMER SUfl/l/lV
I' ~~~ «¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ '¦
AMONG THE NATIVES OF NEW
ZEALAND.
"FOR LOVE OF A WOMAN."
>BY HOWARD R HURLBUT. "
One of the Strongest Stories of the Day.
FASHIONS, FICTION AND
BOOKS:
PAGES OF HUMAN INTEREST P „ 11
STORIES. V j/t I I
v ___ VlHii
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS obbhmmi
•TH|;M~. ALL. |-*v
mmmmmmm:ilBnmBimmmmmmmmmmmm^ mmmm . ,THE SAN FRANCISCO CiLLL; FRipA^r^jrrijY 26, 1901.
10
BEXTISTS.
HELP WASTED— MALK— Co";;
AT C. R. : HANSBN> & CO 104 Geary st.
.....Railroad WorR for Santa Fe System...--
Gang of spikers and traVkmen .$2 2j day
Gang, of teamsters - *- ~L ° a »
: Gang of laborers and iron car men.. $2 2o Uay
Gang-of section handa •••" J1 •• > _ day
Ship daily - • - Fre e Fare
...... FOR CAL. & N. W. R. R. CO
Gang of track layers "•• — ¦
.'Gang 'of teamsters *4 <j ay
Gang of laborers U,"-'~J laJ
Ship Daily -¦ ; ;;/™ F r ree Fare
...... .\.. FOR S. P. R. R- SYSTEM..........
Gang of hammersmen -£-i? *J y
Gang of track ballasters --.-$1 «•» day
Tunnelmen, In and outside $2 to R da)
¦ Free Fare "v Shl P Da "y
. FOR TRUCKEE ..T77..... ......
, 100 teamsters. 100 laborers .....$1 73 to $- day
,'Gang of stonemasons and helpers..?-, J4 aay
For State of Nevada .............
- 10 stone masons *J ™*
100 teamsters. 100 laborers ..- $- uay
............ FOR BAKERSFIKLD ••••-,•-"•"
100 4-horse teamsters '.....*_ -o aay
Regular railroad conductor and t( ?JeST a P h
operator combined: see party here .$100 & up
...FREE FARE FOR ALL ABOVE JOBS...
Camp blacksmith for railroad camp. $50 and
free fare; gang edgerman, J5J; planer man.
$50. for country sawmill; 10" lumber P»«r|-
country sawmill, $35; 20 sawmill laborers, *2t>,
30 laborers for the woods. $30; 4 blacksmjlhs,
2 country shops.' $2 50 to $3; blacksmith. Sim-
3 mer resort, $45; man about place and take
N care of Invalid. $25; farmers, milkers, chore-
men and others
.....' HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Chef for large country hotel, $250; second
. cook, $75; grill room cook, $60. .for first class
hotel, south, free fare: chef, second and third
cooks, country hotel, $175: head cook, second
and dishwasher, resort. $120; second cook
hotel cafe, south. $70; 6 dishwashers, $30: 4
pot washers. $30: 2 vegetable men. $30; secoad
cook, resort, $35; 10 porters, hotels, city and
country. $20 and $25; 3 waiters for resorts, $30;
shirt polisher, hotel laundry, south. $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 1M Geary st.
DAY cashier wanted at 29 Stockton at.
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $80'
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice:
two years' apprenticeship saved; • examina-
tions and diplomas given free; complete out-
fit of tools- donated; wages while learning;
more calls for our graduates than can be sup-
plied; call or write at once for free catalogue
and special offer. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Ciav st. . .
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
" character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and : not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak .and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
.office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BARBERS, attention — The proprietor of the
. shop at 105 Fourth st. having failed to keep
"regulation hours Journeymen who accept em-
ployment there are hereby notified that they
¦will be barred from working In all 10c shops
conducted by members of the Pacific Coast
Barbers' Association. L. M. GILLETT. Pres.
WANTED— Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending over coast
and Hawaiian Islands: If- mutually agreeable
. party may purchase Vt interest of this branch;
state experience, ability, age, etc. A. B., box
3754, Call offlce. ¦
YOUNG man wanted for outside work In city;
salary $60 monthly; commission and expenses;
must- be energetic and in position to Invest
• few hundred dollars (returnable); exceptional
. opening for right man. Address box 4474, Call.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until,
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED — Trustworthy man partner with
respectable lady in No. 1 cash business;
clears $200 per month; $150 required. 323
Kearny st., room 493.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Thlrfl St.; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.. .
WANTED— Sober, steady German as driver for
bakery wagon: must have experience; goo<]
wages: state former employment. — Box 3S7S,
Call office.
WANTED— Experienced coal miners. Apply
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market St..
between Sixth and Seventh.
WANTED— A young university graduate who
understands stenography. Apply MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO.. 22 aay et.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg.. S06 Market.
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, in a
paying office business: small capital. Box
4473. Call Office.
BUSHELMAN wanted. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. Ml Market st.
COATMAKERS wanted. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st. . '. !
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith^ 537 Brannan.
A WOMAN wants man partner In poultry busi-
ness. 30 Hannah st, Oakland.
FOR sale— 2-chalr barber shop. , 122% East st.
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 59
Columbian building.
GOOD boy wanted to learn bookbinding. - MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
GET- your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
£00 MEN to buy suits made to ¦ order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.; 123 Ellis st.
McDONALD &' PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED— A good photographer and router.
Address box 4438, Call offlce.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, (1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
f —
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases—^A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium, J30 Douglass St.. San Francisco.
'HORSES AJiP AVAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; "also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. i
FOR sale — Well broke 6-year-old horse; weight
1150. M. D. METER, 1453 Devlsadero.
THREE good second-hand ph»»tons,' cheap.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st and Gol-«*n Gate ave.
FOR SALE — Carriage horse or work anywhere;
price" $65; weight 1350. Apply 1318 Grove st.
FOR sale— Camping wagon, light team and
harness. 1202 Mission st., room 2.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. . ,.
ALL kinds of wagons,- Juggles, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EQAN & SON. 211? Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED. .
HOUSES wanted, to work 'on scraper Job; f cur
or five months' work. .'• Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st.. room 25.'- ';-¦>¦ - O - ¦ . *
'- - ffP^SES : ' 'fO IfET. ~ 1
A— PRINTED list houses -.to let ;¦ send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSBjJ & CO.. 14 . Montgomery.
HOUSE of 5 ¦ rooms - and . yard. 513 Stevenson !
st., opposite new Postofflde. '
*^*"— *— —-—————¦I — — —^— .
HOUSES TO LET— PDRKISHED.
TO RENT— Newly fuTOlshedn^^eTlsJ^every^
thing complete. MRS. PARKER, Menlo Park.
• LOST AMD FOBSD.
LOST— A pass book with The Hibemla Savings
: and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of MARIE TONYA. No. 231-1164. The
-finder will please return to bank..
THE lady that left bundle on Berkeley train at
Sixteenth St., Monday night, can have same
.by calling at 1702 Fain-lew st.. Berkeley.
$10. REWARD for cocker spaniel lo^t on Kear-
ny st. Thursaay. July 25. The Under will re-
ceive reward by bringing to 71) California,
st., room 9. - . . t - ' *
LOST — Collection book containing bills of in
surance company. Return to 313 California
st. ; reward. " . ~
LOST— Lady's diamond-studded Bold' wateh
marked MINNIE HOWELL. . Liberal reward
; for its return to Hughes House. 211 Third st
this city, or Rushville. Illinois. ¦'.
LOST— An opal pin July 24. Finder return tn
619 Parrott building ; and receive reward
FOUND— Purse in telephone office at ferrv"
Jalkson C sT. * ave:samc b y applying at mi
Wanted-Old gold. for manufacturing, o Nolte
jeweler. 248 O'Farr-11. bet. Powell and M»%£.
biatrimoxial7~
»enrt 10c for latent list.- -MRa.HgRTZ.7M i Kin*
MATTRESSES ; AND PILLQAyg. : ~
TO order, also cleaned ¦¦ and iteriiixwi u n >. n r
«tery; Ar carpet cleaning: honest w^rk guar"
¦ V & t 1*«?«a? a! BRO ? ; *" *• *"™w.5 u ,Y r :
ADVERTISING solicitors wanted: ladies or
K^nts. 3 Taylor; good proposition: GLOBE
PORTRAIT CO.
PERMANENT position awaits a good sales-
man: must earn more than $100 per month:
an tx-srhon! teacher, insurance, typewriter
or bcol: salesman preferred. Pacific News-
paper Union.' 927 Market St.. S. F.
AGENTS WASTED.
CHEAPRST ana best In America— The Weekly
CaX\. 1C ?>5r?es. sent to any address In the
United Ftates or Canada one year for $L
postace raid. '• ¦¦¦:¦ -' '
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spreckels Sugar Co.
•will b* held »>t the cfOce of the eomftany. 327
Market st.. Pan Francisco, on MONDAY, the
nth <".ay cf July, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to rerve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such *>ther business as may come
before th» me*ttnc. The transfer books will
c!e?e on FrWsy. Ju'r W>. 1901. at S. p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— Tho Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive WcrkF— The annual meeting of the
FtockhoMers of :he Ris'don Iron and Locomo-
tive Works Tor the election of trustees for the
snsuinjr year and the transaction of such
¦v*«?r bufineers as may be brought before the
¦ iS^eting wHl be heU at the offlce of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
rtE San Francisco, on MONDAY, the Sth
d«y of August. ISCl. et 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
". LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
~r.V.7!7r.T.V.\"HOT : E7/^N^r^A^^ J .T.:^V.v.v'!;
70 rooms, fine country town...!; ..
Clears J250; price J1S00. DECKER, l"20 Markt.
it rfT» 'rt P"OT*T T**R • - ¦
1020* Market sti.oppl' Fifth. Tel. Mint 7SU.
£6.. Years In Business In This City......
..Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms,' S50 to $23,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms., |1CO. to. 20,000
40 flats. 3 to 12 rooms. £50 to.. 750
SO private homes. 6 to 25 rooms, $'tQ to... 2. CCO
31 boarding-houses. 10 to 100 rms., J330 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $10C0 to 8.000
40 grocery stores, $4C0 to .". 6,000
SO candy . stores. JCCO to......'. 1, 200
40 saloons, $4C0 to..... ,......¦ 6.000
10 cigar stores, - ;3C0 to........: !...T.. 1,000
1 500 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
: 100 vacant lots. $23 to 8.000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 50,000
5 chicken ranches. $400 to 1.7C0
00 ranches, everywhere. $300 to 14.000
i ..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..'
1 I can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.. v
- S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton* st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hctel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
63 r.: downtown apartment house «..$35C0
59 r.; corner: rent $123; perm.; trans, rmrs. 1S0O
24 r.; rent $110: good fur. and carp: Al loc. 1900
Money loaned on deferred payments; 1% p. c.
20 r. : rent $75: new carp.; part hskpg 1200
12 r. ;*rent $57 50; fur., loc. good; bargain. 900
12 r. : rent, $40: good house; sickness; rede'd 425
6 rms.; rent $23; new hardwood fur 375
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, money to loan.
719 Market st, by Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
9 rooms; rent S25: income $125 $700
41 rooms; 2 blocks N of Mkt.: rent $100.. 1700
50 rooms; rent $170; fine apartments 2500
- 14 rooms; \i cash; rent $40 450
Call at office for list; above are only samples.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In '
the city and pay for It
In monthly payments
frcm the profits
¦ m ¦ of the house.
Vacant houses furnished. .
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1312.
75 rooms; price $*>C00 42 rooms: price SS300
26 rooms; pries 1900 30 rooms: price 2250
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $C0; price.. $7">0
22 rooms", elegant: rent only $60: price.... $1500
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
M. J. McBRIDE & CO. ~ \ 5
1016 Market et.. opp. Fifth st.
56-room house $2300
23-room hou?e 40>i
7-room house; rent $25 250
Private house, 6 rooms 200
THE largest and best list Of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st;).
SELECT your house from the largest list In
town — Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
to $50.CCO; hundreds to choose from, WALTER
HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
LIST your lodging-houses, saloons, groceries,
restaurants, etc., with us. We have buyers
everywhere. Csl. Business' Asn.. SGO'A Market.
5350— LODGING-HOUSE 10 rooms, furnished.
K64H Mission St.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. l a . K.
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAV)
EVENING at b o'clock. Pioneer PgTi&ya
Hall. 24 Fourth Ft. Vi^K?
H. II. CAFTLE.
Record Keeper. tm»
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— Th*
r bove association will hold Its regular annual
t.icnic en SUNDAY. August 4. 1901. at Shell
Moun<' Park, Berkeley. Very valuable sate
rrizets are to be given. Including a Domestic
w-wins machine.
MEETIA'G NOTICES.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 3:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p.m.
639 McAllister etrect; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
l?4l Mission Etreet; open until 10. p. m.
• 2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. .>W.
J06 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p.' ro.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2J00 Fillmore Etreet; open until » p. m.
SAA FRANCTSCO CALL.
' 'MEDICAT..
j^ reNOWVED specialist;' those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the moat obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
flfiilt cases treated: scientific methods suar-
anteed. DR. G W. Q-POXNELL, 1018 Market.
A TREATMENT that is gnaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; th-
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay? consult fre^ MRS. DR. KOHL. 11-
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale s.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable, ladles', specialist: 26
•years.* successful practice; guar. treatment at
offlce: any ailment: private home for patients
before and during confinement: low fee3.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or* money returned; my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. PR? ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
Dr. and Mrs. Davles. 1228 Market: our regulator
is a treatment that ha3 brought health an3
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
' office treatment guaranteed: strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS/. DR. DA VIES'
original method of treatment: maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed tt» cure all
skin diseases. XW. cor, a G. ave. & Fillmore.
mines axf^mixixg.
eccbft'tojcal" mining opportunity.
Capital Is needed to work ore in a group of
thoroughly developed gold mines of large ex-
tent and undoubted value; tunnels, shafts
and drifts already . completed expose vast
bodies of valuable ore on the mother lode;
no hoisting or pumping; free water rights;
cash required, $20,000, for which a liberal In-
terest In the mines will be given; Immense
Incomes are derived from neighboring mines
on the same lode. 321 Phelan bldg.
MINING properties for sale; rich gold bearing
quartz proposition. Apply PROSPECT. Box
4473. Call offlce.
£ MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BAR'S, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po- -
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
'seeond band: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 compfete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones. $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-*hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes. 5, 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 mlninsr cars. pumDS. locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators: 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardjne. 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or renta gear. • machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW.- 216 Spear st. *
FOR sale— A second-hand harp In flrst-class
condition: $100 cash. Apply 1110% Broadway.
room 1, Oakland. Cal.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora, hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
9 FINE show cases for sale. HESRT KAHS
fixCO., 642 Market St.
GOOD family cow for sale in Oakland. Box
258 Builders' Exchange. City.
FOR sale— Three black and tan dogs. 713 Mis-
sion st.
MOVING Dicture attachments for magic lan-
terns, $12 £0. 109 Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand^
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and s£^fe
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St. n ______V.
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. .
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market s«.. San Fran.
SAFES — New and second band. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-123 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' -10- ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California at.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
• all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2cl-hand moving pic-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTOX wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
LOAN.
AAA^HERMAjTmUEPHT,^ISoT'Market st.T
makes loans on second mortgages, undivided .
interests in estates, etc.; also large or small
loans on good ranches; if your property Is
mortgaged and you need more money, don't
fall to see me; lowest, rates;. quickest settle-
ments; financial problems of all sorts and
sizes solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630
Market st.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY. •
$300, CCO at 6 per cent. In sums to suit. City &
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 50C4. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
AXY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages..
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies) bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere. -
R, McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
A— MONEY, to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
.their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition.' any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 18, 1st floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
I HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain .
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 946 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$S5,0CO IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going . elsewhere.
HARPER, 397 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.-. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, . pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. "W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
MONET loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister
3% on furniture and pianos: J15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. « Eddy at.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 3C9 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate cr for buildtng;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
331 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6(J9 Examiner building.
- • MUSICAL IXSTROIEXTS.
ALlTplano^^urchased of SHERMAN. ClVy
& CO. may be exchanged for a new. Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed.. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for 13, $4> and
$5 per month. SHERMAN/CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
»ts.. San - Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland. . .
A~LOW price for a piano is what makes quick
sales; what do you want better than $75 or
$160 or $150? That's what we »are ottering.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket st. ¦ ..-¦ " •-.¦• ¦ '
A PIANO can be rented from us and the rent
applied on its' purchase; you can rent a
Decker If you want to: we sell on payments
that will noon make the piano- yours.. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market. S. F.
(Branch 931 Broadway. Oakland.)
We sell the popular pianos of the day— Steck.
Everett. Packard, Conover, Hardman, Ludwt?.
Baldwin. Valley Gem. Smith & Barnes, Har-
rington, Klngsbury. Jewett and Straube.
I You cannot afford to buy a piano until you
; see THE W1L1CY B. ALLEN CO.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MRS,
DR. FUNKR 1416 Eiehth Bt.. Alameda.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, ctty at law. SSO Market. cor.Stoekton.
ADVICE free-,<livorces private bankruptcy; col-
lections attachments: mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships rdeeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 100S»» Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1138 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASPHALTUM HOOFIXG.
f C10— RESTAURANT for sale; good patronage;
low rent. Box 3770, Call offlce.
6HOOTING gallery with flat of 4 furnished
rooms for sale. Box 3778, Call offlce. , ,
DELICACY store: murt be sold or given away;
3 II vine rcorr.»: rent $18. 635 Valencia et.-
CLA5S1FIKD advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore »t»:
A BRANCH olflce for Call advertisements and
Fubpcrlptiens ha* been established at 109S
Valencia st. • _~ — .
FOR SALfc— Half Interest In blacksmith shop.
4400 Mission Bt. : ' .
FOR SALE— Branch bakery cheap; good paying
" place. S28 Hayes st.
A BARGAIN— Fine location*, lodging house or
transient, with saloon, dancing hall and
bowling alley. Box 3786, Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; 4 well
furniKhed rooms in rear; no agents. -Inquire
HIS Market Ft. MTnrilMT*WiM
SHOEMAKER repair shop for sale; proprietor
departing: pood location. 1C2 Montgomery
avenue. *
IJARBERS— Best 2-chalr shop In San Jose; all
new furniture: must be sold before August 1:
investigate. Address A. F. NOFTZ. 12 East
Ban Fernando Bt.. San Jose. Cal. •
WANTED— An honest ana sober partner with
$3000 In en optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
•¦pondinp. etc.; cash receipts about $1500 to
(2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, 1071% Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco. ,
HOTEL — 50 rooms: newly furnished; prosperous
t Interior city: commercial patronage; rent J143
Further particulars of the Railway Hand-
Book Publishing Co.. 20 Montgomery st.
SHOEMAKERS, attention!! '-For sale cheap
in Pope Valley. 12 miles from St, Helena, a
complete outfit of tools and stock of leather-
also house 16x18 with all utensils for housed
keeping; cau.-e of selling, old age and sick-
ness. Inquire of L. GOTTLIEB. 715 Bush st.
city. •
1500— RESTAURANT; business district, paying
well; cost S1200; quick. D. McRAE. S37 Mis-
sion et.
JOR SALE— A bargain; a Email restaurant
with 20 steady boarders; can rent 3 living
rooms, furnished. Apply at 829 Howard et
A— PRINTING business: Urge transient trade;
established 3 years; $300. W. MITCHELL,
1206 Market fit.
J330 will buy a Ftore; 930 Harrison; good busi-
ness location; living rooms for family; Etock
would inventory double this amount- must
soil; no agents. Apply on premises.
1^0-CORNER Faloon: good paying businew:
trial given. McLAUGHLIN & CO . 777>4
Market st. -
M0 CIGAR stands. 2C0 candy stores. 300 grocer-
ies and bars. 400 saloons. 500 bakeries, 600
rtore* of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
chooee frcm: call In and see what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO., S38 Market.
A— SS50: PALOON; transfer corner; old estab-
lished; receipts fl5 day; 4 rooms: rent $30;
racrffioe «ceount other business. STRAND &
CO.. 2C$ Kearny st.
CANDY ctore; 6 rooms: rent $15 $100
Candy store j400
Saloon "$350
Saloon and crocery store
Restaurant and choDhouse ..$200
To buy. wll. exchange anything we can
*ult you.
M. J. McBRIDE & CO..
10H Market st.. opposite Fifth.
A RELIABLE ,'colored : man— a position :* as
or. messenger, or anything "that will
i help. In the care cf a family, excepting • walt-
zing, and .'the. care, of -horses; references." OC-
, CIDENTAL.' : Box ¦ 4476 Call office, ,-j ,-. ,-.
BA KER,-- practical man, first class * on " bread
and cakes, good I ornamentei, wants Job; re-
-' sort or. good country shop; wages . moderate.
Address Baker. P. , O. , Soquel, Santa Cruz Co.
YOUNG gentleman of good habits and ability
desires position in ."of flee.. or' as cashier of
good business house; thoroughly experienced;
V best, references: 'Box 3760, Call office. . ¦
ACCOUNTANT^ . cashier, correspondent,- 27,
competent and experienced N offlce manager;
.' absolutely highest Indorsements. Box -3759,
Call office. - *< - -;- >-.
WANTED— A position as , an assistant book-
. keeper, . business manager or • manager of an
-estate; very best of references furnished. - Ad-
dress C. J., box 3837. Call offlce. '..
STENOGRAPHER; competent; experienced;
desires position with business house or .law
, offlce; references; " salary moderate. ¦ Address
Room 30. 819 Market st. ...•¦"'¦'.-.-. . ¦ V
SITUATION wanted in country; has had ex-
perience; understands' fermenting . tanks or
oil tanks; also mason and cement worker.
Box 3952. -Call offlce. f
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable
Scandinavian . on city or country place as
coachman, gardener, and general utility man;
can milk and understands his business thor-
v oughly; references. Box 3767. Call... - ,
A RELIABLE man -and • wife " wish to -take
charge and do the work in a small,' place In
"the country. or stock ranch: good references.
Address T. P.. 1519 Howard st.
GENTLEMAN at present employed by large
firm wishes position in small house to do
bookkeeping- and general office work ;- com-
petent. J. FOX. 730 Golden Gate ave.
BARBER wanted— Position by man with some
experience: salary not so much an object as
opportunity to improve. Box 3771, Call.
WANTED— A situation as bill or shipping
clerk;: is a good flgurer: can give good refer-
ences: Address. box 3766. Call office. • -'
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL. New Atlantic
Hotel; 207 Montgomery ave.
A BRANCH*offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions- has been established at 10M
Valencia st \ . .
FATHERS REXOyATEP.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed/ reno-
vated. K.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia :tel.Capp 2682.
¦ "• FINANCIAL. A
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)-^We
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies • lncor-^
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
COLE, cor. Oak— Two eleeant sunny flats; tiled
bathrooms and sinks; beamed and frescoed
-ceilings;- looking- out on Park; marble vesti-
bule; furniture for sale, which Is new and
artistically selected: open between 10 and 4.
o'clock- every day. Key at 409 Cole St.-
SUNNY flats of 4 rooms; newly painted and
papered; yard, cellar; 33, 39, 41 Bruce place.
, between Seventh and Eighth sts., oft Folsom
and Harrison aves. ; rent $S and $9.
BAKER and . Fulton, NW. corner — Sunny,
modern 7-room flat; rent reasonable. Key at
G01 Baker st. •
PINE, 2132— G rooms, bath: all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inouireof owner,
21S4 Pine st. . ;
FINE sunny. 5-room flat, $14; cheap; save' car
.fare. 3 Pine place, off Pine St., near Mason.-
SI7NNY flat. 5 good rooms; porcelain bath",
open plumblng/$is. 14C4 Pacific st.. nr. Hyde.
BEAUTIFUL new 7. 8 and 8: roof garden and
view. Golden Gate, Van Ness and Union.
FLAT of iT sunny rooms and bath, yard and
basement. 134 Page st.
O'FARRELL. 1929-1935-Modern flats; 5 and 6
rooms, -bat ; i, yard, basement; reasonable.
¦ MODERN bay-window flat, S rooms. 2 kitchens.
Key 417U Third St. __^
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
$300— Part cash, buys elegant furnUure~oT~£
room flat near the Pleasanton ; rent $22. 710
, Jones st. ¦ .. . -
- FLATS "WANTED.
¦WANTED— Unfurnished fiat of 7 or 8 rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address hnx 3917. Call offlce. * .
""•PCRXITBRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat for sale; includ-
ing piano; $200: flat to let. PATTERSON &
CO., 11 City Hall square. ' - --.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. i J4S 50, with No. 7
, ¦ range- King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. -
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, eta ; phone Jessie 2071. ¦
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram'i
. Auction House, 1105 Mission Tel. Jessie 1160.
AUCTIONEER. W. P. Beauchamp. 2 G. G. ave
Tel. -Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., etc. bought.-
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
, pets,- pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
BEFORE disposing of ,your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk694;
furniture and furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove. retailed^aWactoTjTprice-
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP AVAXTED — -FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
HOTEL (DEPARTMENT.
50 waitresses, resorts, springs, country hotels
-ir $20, $2r>
6 fancy Ironer?, different places $40
.Waitresses and dishwashers, Institutions. .$20
- Laundresses, country $20 ' $25
Cook, small country hotel, - fare paid $30
FOR SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
4 waitresses, flrst-class cafe. ...Start Monday
One-half, rate fare- $25
, Wai tress, Santa- Monica. • free fare ..$25
CO. waitresses to book for hotels south
. Fancy ironer. San Diego, one-half fare.... $35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. -
Many choice places In this department for
cooks, house girls, second girls, nurse girls,
¦ etc; highest wages paid j ".
C. R. HANSEN . & CO. - ' 104 Geary st.
WANTED— German cook, $33, no washing;
Swedish ¦ chambermaid and laundress, $23;
private family; coolc, $33. short distance;'
'; cook, 3 in family, $30; two chambermaids,
. $20; 4 cooks, hotels and boarding houses, $30;
2 Protestant scullery maids, $20, institution;
hotel waitresses, $20,- $25; waitress and cham-
• bermaid. ; $30. : for summer resort ; . cook, - $30 ;
see lady at 10 o'clock: cook and second girl,
same house. $30 and $25; girl, housework, Los
Gatos. ?25; 2 chambermaids, wait- one meal,
¦ $20; 40 girls, housework, $25 and 30. - i*%>pry
¦ to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY.......:.... Phone Main 1573
............ HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
25 waitresses for flrst-class resort, commer-
cial and city hotels, $20 and $25; 5 -chamber-
maids to wait dinner, $20; 2 chambermaids, $20.
........;.; FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Cook, small family," no washing, country, $30:
. cooks and house girls, city and country; best
MRS M. E. DAY.' '.'.'. '.I'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. "335 Geary "st".
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room
.' 12— Chambermaid, country hotel, near city, $20
A "FEW more women and girls are wanted to
cut fruit at Los Gatos Canneries: experience
inot necessary. ' and ordinarily I active person
:• can earn .good wages: only Intelligent . white
: help employed; no lifting required; the fruit
'Is brought to workers' seats; a good opportu-
5 nity for . an 'outing In the country and a
", chance to earn good wages in the meantime. 1
¦ - For further information " apply - at , offlce
HOOKE-FIELD CO.. 220 Market St.. room 12.
ATTRACTIVE girls wanted to assist. in shoot-
inETPrallery at street^ fairs.' Call at SHREVE
• : & BARBER, CO.. 511 Kearny St., from 9 a. m. -
\ to 4ip. m.- . $j ' .. , :..-'¦" :•'- ' v.'-'i f .-./..-•;.
CLERK for general office work; state lowest
• 'salary and whether : living at home.. -Box
.5748. Call office. '_ ¦ .; . .
IN COUNTRY— Woman to do cooking, 1 ; little
'- housework; and .washing; German preferred.
- Call Friday morning, 2217- Sacramento.'"; < :
MIDDLE-AGED woman with a child for house-
' keeping; • wages $10 • to $12 per '. month. > 319
Third '.st;'-.: .;¦.;.:.;•.••,-.••¦'•-¦¦.•.• -«:'.;'' •';¦¦
WANTED— A girl for chamberwork and wait-
Ing; small family. . Call between 10 1 and 12
. - a. m.'. K26 Sutter. Bt. :
WANTED— Girl for housework. 1603
.. Laguna st. * /
WANTED— First-class ¦ alteration hands.'., E.
¦ V MESSAGER. 145'Post... . ¦;.' . '.. .'-'.:•-¦ .,\.
YOUNG .woman for general housework; wages
- $20. 7fOA Howard at., ;¦•. from 4 to » 9 p. ,m:
STRONG 'housework- girl; ' good '¦•wages; 4 plain'
. -. cooking, v 810 Mission st.*> ¦¦- ''•-"...- '.v.t
\ WANTED— A saleslady for bakery and coffee
'. -saloon. Call 132 Fourth st. . :',., '. t ¦ ¦. -"'. ",,v ¦
GIRL for general housework. 1053 Market et. 1 .*
{¦i upstairs. ,;.-. '«^ ' -* •".*->•
ORNEH jrrocery business lor sale In San
Jose. Cal,; established 10 years; on account
of death of owner and to close the estate
trill sell at a hargaln: a snap for any one de-
siring to ro into the grocery business; late
owner accumulated quite a ». nice estate in
present location: premises can be had for as
Ions as desired and cottage for dwelling
pionRside belongs to estate, all of whl?h can
b« leased for period of years at low rent.
For further particular* inquire of J. R.
CHACE. 54 N. 1st St.. San Jose, Cal.
A— J150«: FIRST-CLASS in prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building;
come, investigate and you will find a splen-
did Investment. Cail R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A— $1250; CORNER transfer saloon in the very
best location; established 10 years; rent $40;
death in tamily cause of sale and a great sac-
rifice. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. .
A— $1500; COFFEE Faloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market it.; daily receipts from
$90 up; clearing about $400 per month: a rare
chance. Cail R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $?C0: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms. 4th
and Market sts.; net rent S22: rare chance:
barpain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
I COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful 3eances:
! Sun., .Tues.. Frl.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
I to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
! nize tuem; give names: has received medals
i from many countries; taken last world's
I record medal at Paris Fair. 1CS4 Bush; tel.
SS75 Larkin st. '_
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader: exam-
ines ore: oil location* ; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough ; Ellis-
st. car; sit. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461:
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice
In all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces.
; deaths: unites the separated: mining a spe-
; clalty; circles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters
; answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
LAST developing. circle to-night: lights, slate-
wrltint. etc.; come. ARNOLD DICKSON.
US Sixth st. " -
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sunday and
Thursday. 8 p. m.; every one gets a test: pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde st.. cor. Eddy.
JOHX SLATER— Circles. 25c; Sun.. Mon., Frl.
eves., S:15: Wed. aft., 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat. & Sun. 1S09 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-night: 23 cents; S:15
sharp. 1S09 Stockton st.. near Greenwich.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; clr. Tues.. Frl., 8
p.m.; Wed., S:30 p:m., 10c; readings dally, 50c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: prophetic
tests, 10c; business readings, 50c. $1. 148 6th.
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth, room 12; circle to-
night, 10c; reliable business readings, 50c & $1.
EDWARD EARLE. 22S Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thur». Tel. Polk 1601.-
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mm"e.~m~ Bernard" "~~ ~
THE FAMOUS v
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third stt, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
Mme. Montague, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives advice in all affairs of life; gives names,
facts, figures, with full predictions In all love
affairs: not one failure; letters answered. 116
Turk st.. flat 1.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permaner.tlv located at 120G Mar-
ket Ft.. cornei*GoIden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
2C; take elevator. Perfect, satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
. with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Codst;
he succeeds when others fall: permanently
located at 125 Turk ft.: readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails: has the greatest Egyp-
tian Fecret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up: satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by eympathy. 215% Sixth st.
2.1ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — seeond sight;
diagnose? disease with life reading; ladle? 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
Mttlnss dally. 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.: TiOc; English,
; German and French spoken. 213 Leavenworth.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst; horo-
scopes cast; lessons given. 50c; hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6. 143 Sixth St.. room 22.
UP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist and* reader of human. destiny: never falls;
25c and 00c 1203 Mission St.. cor. Kth.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader.
| test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor.6th.
I Mrs.Mallory.clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MRS. MELVILL.well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, Cth;German spoken ;tel.Howard 1846.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, . card reader;
ladies 20c, gents 50c. 132 Sixth' St. . ' - .
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth-.or.no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 44St& Jessie St.. bet. Sth and 6th. .
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c dp. fl Fourth st.
CARPET BE ATI NO A.\D CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. S53-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying. 3c; renovating. 5c up:
work guaranteed. T. R. Co..; phone Scott 1310.
; RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating' Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.-
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Ob.. 402 Sutter sf
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CITY Steam Carpet-beatlr.g Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 33-40 8th £t.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth gt.: tel. Mission 74.
CAP.PF.TS cleaned at the lowest rates. STR.\T-
TON. 8 Eighth st.: telephone Jeanie 944. v
CHIROPODISTS. ~
INGROWN . nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan." 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES." - ?.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Acency— NcTchargTun^
. IfFg successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
... . COTTAGES TO LET.
HICKORY ave., 240/ bet." Octavlaiand Laguna
sts.— Fine " cottage, 6 room*,' and » stable, : 4
• stalls; rent $18. ¦/ . .' ¦¦. - .
SUNNY ' cottage of « room»/and bath. 1S2S
¦ Bush-st. ¦ . •',"' .*,/; ."..¦
$17— COTTAGE , i rooms, . bath. Key , 711 .Treat
avenue. » ¦ • •, •
/.'¦'- ' .
A— J1000: GENERAL merchandise store, with
coal and hay yard, across the bay: estab-
lished many years and doing a splendid busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $600; SALOON, established many years In
choicest business part of this city: liw rent;
investigate at once and you will find a first-
class paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
Sti 1^ Kearny Et
HtSIXESS CIIAXCES.
A— tZTZO— BARROOM on Market st_.~c!ose"~to
f Chronicle: daily receipts from $30 to $3i: rent
tut); a good business. Inquire R. G. WILKE,
26'i Kearny st. »
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red S>5«.
HOUrFS POOR CO.. 7G4-7Cfi-70S Mission ft.
HOOKS — SEW A.\D OLD.
TV.'O cr »hree children to board: good home
and mother's care; %\0 up; sunny yard. 1607
California st.
nOAKDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Spreckels J4dg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pases, in wrapper, for mailing-. $1 per year.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON'. ?27 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St., rooms 28-29.
• ITOLP WAMTEl^FEMALE— Con.
EXPERIENCED"' canners « for fruit; steady
- work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
• neries Co., ; 425 . Brannan st. -. .
WANTED immediately, women and girls to
.work." on fruit; steady 'work; highest wages
paid, v California. Canneries. Co., "425 Bran-
. nan St.. . ' i'v,"
WANTED-rExperlenced operator on women's
\ wrappers; steady work; electric power; good
MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st. .
A. GERMAN. Swedish or American girl for
general. housework." 320 Walnut St.; apply
¦ morning. . ¦ -
FIRST-CLASS - sewers on ladies' tennis gowns,
skirts, etc., to take work home. J H. FRIED-
, LANDER, 338 Fell stf- ,, ; . -.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker wanted.
, BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market at. -
APPRENTICES on vests; paid while learning.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
APPRENTICES for finishing ladle*', waists;
pay. M. Co.. 523 Market St.
SALESLADY : wanted for bakery; I must wait
on, table. 1410 Polk st.. near Pine.
GIRIi for country to do housework. Call 1623
McAllister »t.
GIRL .to do light housework and plain cooking
'¦-In -small family; fare paid. 1311% Guerrero.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
Apply at 214 Hyde st.
SMALL girl for light housework; wages $7. 264
San Carlos aye., near Twentieth, off Mission.
WANTED— Bright woman to travel; willing to
be directed. Box 3777, Call offlce. ' :-..
APPRENTICE wanted on vests at 528 Steven-
son St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; top floor..
APPRENTICE on vests; %i a week to start.
i 766 Geary st. " - '.
A NEAT girl for general housework. 2706 Sac-
ramento st. ; before 12 noon. ' *¦ .- ' ¦
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady work at good wages. Apply at FQN-
TANA BRANCH. California Fruit Canners 1
Association, corner Francisco and Taylor sts.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
/.steady work at good wages. Apply at' CUT-
TING BRANCH, Calitornia Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MT-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has .been, established at 1096
Valencia st. . ¦ . ' [ .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY..... 634, 638 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S48 .
Leading employment agents of Pacific Coast.
RAILROAD MEN
3000 R. R. men wanted.
FREE FARE :
50 steel, track and ballast men Ukiah
75-teamsters Ukiah; free fare
100 laborers ..Ukiah; free fare
35 men to cut right of way
Ukiah; J2, $2 50 day
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK..!...
<-Los Angeles '. Santa Barbara
Surf :/.San Luis Obispo
and. all other divisions .. .-.free fare
750 laborers; no experience required; to work
in steel, rock, bridge, ballast and other
• gangs v. wages $1 75 to $2 50 day
........SANTA FE SYSTEM..
.:... ;.SANTA FE R. R
175 men to work on the Santa Fe system;
- steel, track, ballast and extra gangs
wages Jl 75 to $2 50 Free fare
$1 office fee and no other expenses on the
above Jobs,
FREE FARE N .
MECHANICAL HELP
Circular saw filer for a small shingle mill...
$2 50 per day and found
rough carpenter, $2 50 day; gang edgerman;
harness maker, camp $35 and found
woodworker, '?2 50 day; blacksmith and
helper, same ranch. $45 and $35 and found:
~~5 blacksmiths and horseshoers..$3 & $2 50 diy
blacksmith helper, ranch $35 and found
can solderer packing company;
carpenter, institution, rough work. .$32 50 & fd.
FOR A NEW MINE
8 laborers, no experience required $60
6 laborers, cinnabar mine $60
Laborersy-surface work, mine
25 laborers, electric power Co.'s work.J67 50
6 laborers, cut brush $37 SO and found
10 laborers, dig ditch; long Job $2 day
25 teamsters, 2 and 4 horse. . country
.'.?2 and $2 25 day
...SEE BOSS HERE-SAWMltL WORK...
10 laborers to work in mills and yards; -no
¦experience -necessary, $26 and found; see
boss here t
10 laborers for the woods.... $GOr see boss here
5 lumber pilers, $35 and found; crosscut saw-,
yers, 2 men- clear land $40 and found
4 graders. $2 2j day; powder men $2 25 day
10 drillers. $2 50 and $2 25 day
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC
Farmer and wife ". $50 and found
. 43 men, hay and harvest, $1 25 to $2 day and
boaid; 10 men for hay press, $2 and $3 day
and 20c ton; 13 farm hands; steady jobs. .$26
10 milkers, $30 to $40; 5 choremen and boys..
MISCELLANEOUS
Stenographer and bookkeeper, small canning
company.... $30 and found
Basalt block makers ..$15 per thousand
8 teamsters. $3 and $4 day; 10 warehouse
men $3 day
Butcher and drive wagon, country shop, near
city.... $30 and found
Working foreman, ranch
BAKERS— HOTEL DEPARTMENT......
Bread baker, country shop. $12 wk and found
Chef and eecond cook, country $130
Tamale maker,- Washington; fare paid
Walter, .country, $.40 and found; 2 camp
waiters: . cook, small fruit ranch:.. ?2.i
7 cooks, 9 waiters, city and country; colored
cook's helper, boat ...j $30
Porters. • kitchen help. ' etc. ". .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
; AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
~- . ¦ ¦ 59 Third St.: phone Bush 405.
59 R. R. laborers; L. A. & Santa Barbara
division; S. P. Co.'s -own work; free fare
..: ..^ $175 to $2 50 per. *day
20 R. R. teamsters; Ukiah.... .$2 per day
\ 100 -R. R. laborers and axmen; Ukiah
:rr.. FREE FARE
...No. experience required
" .$1 office fee; no other expense ....
6 harvest hands.... — :.$2 per day and board
6 men to feed hay press $3 to $4 per day
10 lumber pliers $35 per month and board
3 rough carpenters, rough work.. $2 60 per day
10 sawmill hands ; $2 per day
!. 10 laborers $2 25 per day
2 miners, one * to take charge of shift; $2 50
per day and board; one $2 per day and found
| Woman cook for ranch;. $25 per month and fd
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 639 Clay St.—
•? Teamsters, city, $4 50 day; 3 carpenters, city.
I $3 50 day; teamsters, teamsters, teamsters;
1 250 R. R. laborers, free fare; 200 laborers for
; sawmill, fare/ advanced.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r'm 12.
Bellboy, $10; 2 dishwashers, $30; free fare.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, i foreman, second and third bread
bakers: also confectioners; good pay; penna-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. : 927 Market St., room 207.
¦ I. LESS. ' Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.,'
SALESMAN wanted experienced : In the hahd-
llng of gloves and ribbons at retail; state last
. position. Address P. N. & CO., box 3735 Call.
YOUNG man for jewelry store; hours 7 a. m.
till 9 p. . m. : permanent position and good
chance to learn | business. Box 3S34, . Call.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters,, waitresses and
':• dishwashers; register at once; no fee. . 127
- Mason, st. ; •
BARKEEPER, German preferred; state. refer-
ences ; otherwise not considered. Box 3746,
¦" Call : off Ice. . ; . .
WANTED— An errand boy. at the LEON IIIL^
LINERY qO.. 943 Market st.
WHEELWRIGHT for carriage and wagon
.works. 1507 California st. ,
WANTED— A willing-, ' bright lad. - to learn a
. trade. \ Inquire . Room 13, Chronicle building.
WANTED— Piano player who can arrange.
iSTERRETT'S, 933 Market st., 12 m. : : v
WANTED— An experienced finisher on wagons.
"2315 Pine st, near. Fillmore.
VARNISHERS ' wanted. 556-553 > Brannan st.
ERRAND boy. 14 or 15 years of age: after 9
a. . m. :¦ references. '."108 Sixth St."; ¦_
GOOD barber for Saturday. 623 Clay'st.
' GOOD barber . for Saturday • and : Sunday. 618
| Broadway. ' ' ' '¦¦'- -' :_-v--~. -•• . ¦:
BARBERS wanted for 10c shops; no. students.
Apply 131 Third; st. ,..',*.:'¦•¦
NIGHT ! steward : In , large, restaurant; must
• have • references. Box 3745," Call office. ' . )..
A ' GOOD dishwasher wanted at 922 Battery
¦street. ' ". . • . ' . . • • . . \ . -.-,
ALL' sizes men's shoes; slightly (damaged, ¦ half
- price. ¦ :. 563 Mission st.. : bet." 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Dishwasher : at : 15C6 Kentucky st.
..Potrera • ' •{•'¦¦ , ; .
BOOTBLACK wanted. Call at 1048 McAl-
;; lister. .-. . . . < '. ' ¦ -'",._ . f^- .:-¦'
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition. In
.- San Francisco Barber School. 741A". Howard. -
¦ WAITER, wanted 'from 5:30 a. m. to'2-p...m.
J ;' 210 Townsend st.\; - r ... , . ' . j
*W ANTED— Clothing , and dry. goods ! salesman ;
wages $100 or $12a.M13 Sansome st. .before 10.
BOOTBLACK. • first ' class.' for country. '.' Call ' at
: .-. STOLTZ- S.-; barber j supplies. 723 Market . st. •
EMPLOYMENT -WANTED— MALE.
A— DR. T. S. -HIGGINS, 027 Market street.
Emma Spreckels building.- Reasonable prices
•for painless dentistry; pure' gold filling $1 oO;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural ; and -
guaranteed. ?5 up; a good- metal plate 1 ?1»:-
gold and, porcelain crowns $5- to; $10;? teeth
'. without plate; painless ; extraction. .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. ',' Flood bids-, you can
have your extractions -done painlessly.; teeth
without : plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates,' extractions free. $4 pO; up; of-
fice hours, 9, a. m'.'to 10 p. m. : Sundays,' 9 to 2
p. m. J. Wj THATCHER. ¦ M. P.. Manager
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillincs; extractions or fillings ; by my
wonderful secret, painless method: .20 years'
- experience ;» no students; advice free-; prices
chc-apest and guaranteed:* lady attendants.
DR. GEORGEW. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable ... plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns,'-f3r.O; fillings,
50c; plates, $5: full Get; all work -painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co..' 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. -
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 ICearny, cor. Bush—
; Full set cf teeth, $4; crowns, J3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S.~ F. Painless extraction,
. ' 50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.'
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evsn!n?s and Sun-
' days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SKT of teeth « without - Dlate. DR. H. G.
YOITN'G. 1341 Polk st. - *'•
\ DETECTIVES AGENCIES. "
¦ J .^; j^ r Xnnf>vr J . L - J -.- J Vu-'.r J . JJ .-.-j J -'-.n^rX-.^-i-- r,'
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
, tlvely refused. Emma Spreckels building.
roofris 323-324, San Francisco; tel. South 3S1.-
DKESSMAKERS AXP SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL 'Dressmaking' ~&' Millinery SchVol—
CIefs rates: natterns cut. 101!) Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; _cour try orders prompt
attention. 321 .Post, over O' Conner & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$3 per month; $30 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law.
penmanship, etc. : experienced teachers; new
typewriters: positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing i and bookkeeping; Robert '
F. Gallajrher. expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course,- $">0; catalogue.
•A— THK LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges : references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.- Phelan t building.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
- f eets beglnnera, college graduates & bookkeep- '
ers is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College-^Shorthand. typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-43.- Par- •
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. -Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
KENT Law School: day and night. y 534 Par-
rott building; send for. catalogue.
High School students— The Weekly Geometry Pa-
pers make home study easy: circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipslc Conserva-
tory: lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc. ; day or eve. ; jj mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus. piano., mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c: piano for practice. ' 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College. v 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded lSGS; new SO-page catalogue free.
MEDICAL . hypnotism taught to students of
both sexes: rhronlc functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite !>. 141 Powell.
HLSCTRO-THEUAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemie medication cures faulty, nutri-
tion., nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. .8 Mason.
j EJCCHAXfiH. ._-. _^^
WHAT have you got to offer for this? Fine •
2-story house of 7 rooms, bath. etc. ; lot 50x
130; street work all done; electric cars pass
• the property; only 2 blocks. from railroad sta-
tion; within walking distance ofinew Hleh
School and university. Apply to'FRED H.
CLARK. £03 California St.. third floor.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. '
JAPANESE and Chinese lieip"~of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants, c GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 13^.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426. '
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
| EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— A position in the city to do gen-
eral housework in a quiet American family
¦ .jbT adults;. is flrst class in every respect;, will
' take full charge if desired; wages $25 a
month. Box 393G, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation , in
city or country; is not afraid of work; is good
cook; can do washing and ironinpr: good
home wanted more than wages. 129 Third St.,
room 4.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged AmeFican woman
desires situation as working housekeeper for
adults or family of children. Address House-
keeper, 319 Minna st.. near Fourth.
A RELIABLE, neat American woman* elderly,
desires situation; good cook and . laundress;
kind lo children; references; wages |12. . Box
3727. Call offlce. -.¦.'•. .__
EXPERIENCED steno., typist, bookkeeper;
city or Interior; references. Address room 55,
1226 Market Ft. . v
A GIRL wants place to do general housework -
- and cooking in a private family. - Call 314
Laguna st, near Oak.^
SITUATION wanted. by a woman to do house- •
work In a small family. Please call at. 2222
Pest st. ¦
EASTERN girl desires position: second work or.
I maid; understands shampooing and manicur-
ing. Box 22S6, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — By reliable - woman, work by the
day; good laundress; $1 25 a day. 1773 Mar-
[ ket st. ' ' ¦ .. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes general house-
work, plain cook; city or country. 10 Stock-
ton place. ofT Grant ave. ¦ >•¦.¦¦
EXPERIENCED nurse with references wishes •
a few more confinement cases. Address 1S13
Howard et. _ * . .
A RELIABLE young woman wants a situation
ns chambermaid, sewing or general house-
work. Call at 25SH Tehama st." '..-- •—
SWEDISH girl desires general housework; does
not speak English. Call at 2723 Twenty-sec-
ond St., corner Bryant. ¦ ' . -
YOUNG c;;p<TieTi«_ed German nurse wishes en-
gagements as. lady's nurse. 1321 'Mason st. .
WOMAN wants ¦ plain sewing to take home.
Call 37 Ivy ave., upstairs. r ...
YOUNG girl, 14 years, to assist In light house-
work; no children. "1834 Eddy st. •
A MIDDLE-AGED widow desires position as
housekeeper In family: would llkt to have boy
. of 10 years with her; references. Box 3S40.'
M* u - _!^ ! -¦¦ ' .
AN ' experienced nurse wishes position to care
• : foran Insane person. Box 3835, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
fcet — 200 rooms; 25c i to $1 63 per night: $150 to
56 week: convenient and respectable; fres 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .-. ,'.;--v . . ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at , 10S6
Valencia ' st. - . . . ; -_
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' recehed at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
WANTED— Physician of ability wants position
with high class advertising medical business,
in city: first . class : references given. T. E.,' '
Box 3935. Call oflice. -.-. - .. .'
FIRST-CLASS cutter ¦ and practical tailor of
. ladies' garments wishes a position, In a* good. .
. house; able to take . full charge. . Box 3730
Call office.-' ' - : • ; -,\ ., ••
¦ WANTED — By a young . man. , position as
shipping or billing : clerk; ,7 years . in- freight
department of railroad. 'Box 3334,; Call office;
SITUATION as salesman by young man; seven '
.'years with last, firm; general merchandise; .
- fair . pay expected. " : Box 3747. L . Call: ¦ •
RELIABLE man wants position';' In.- private
place; thoroughly understands care of horses;
• can attend to garden: good driver; can milk-
best of references. ¦ Box 3743,' Call office.'. -t» ¦; ;:
TWO swift, ' strong,-' handy colored ". men ' want
• window washing, housecleanlng, packing ami
all kinds of Job work. ; 18 Stockton place.* •-, '
¦ YOUNG man. refined, of good moral character,'
wishes position attend or travel with Invalid
Box 2757. Call offlce. -. ¦„ T y ; - ¦
WANTED— Position by young man/ as book^ -
, keeper or, assistant; 5; years*, exoerlence - In
East. Box 3758. Call office. ¦.The Rev. Bobert E. Kenna* Will Con
tinue as President at Santa
Clara. ., :
SANTA CLARA, July 25.— The faculty
of Santa Clara College, for the coming
year has been' announced as follows:
President, the Rev.. Robert E. Kenna; vice
president and prefect of studies and discipline,
the Rev. Walter Thornton; minister, the Rev.
Vincent Chiappa: treasurer; the Rev. Hugh
Gallagher; librarian and. assistant treasurer,
the Rev. James O' Sullivan; professor of phy
sics and political economy,, the Rev. A. Brun
engo; professor second year of chemistry, geol
ogy, etc., the Rev. A. Clchi; professor of moral
philosophy and higher - mathematics, the Rev.
J. , Rlcard; professor of logic | and metaphy
sics, the Rev. Henry Whittle; professor of
mathematics, classics and German, the Rev.
Francis Joseph; chaplain, the Rev. Henry
Whittle; professor for first year chemistry, F.
Rufert, S. J. ; . prof essor of rhetoric, D. . Kav
anagh, S. ¦ J. : professor of * humanities, "W.
Deeney, S. J. ; professor of first grammar, W.
Boland, S. J. ; professor of second grammar, ¦
A. Drathman, S. J. ; professor of third gram
mar, .William . Johnson; professor of. special
class of classics, chief catechlst and prefect of
Young Men's Sodality of the Blessed Virgin,
the Rev. J. J. Cunningham; professor of Eng
lish to Spanish, students, the Rev. George
Burkard; professor of special class of type
writing and ¦ prefect of Sanctuary Society, J.
Grlsez, . S. J.; professor of special class and
prefect of Sanctuary Society. F. Grlsez. S. J.
Commercial . department— Professor of rhe
toric, stenography and arithmetic, John B.
Qulnlan, Ph. D.'; professor of grammar, arith
metic and -bookkeeping,- Hugh Mullen,- S. B. ;
prof essor.. of grammar and arithmetic. Francis
X. Farry, A. B. ; professor in preparatory de
partment. John A. Waddell, A. M. ; director of
.practical commercial department, George A.
Sedgley, S. B. ; professor of Spanish, the Rev.
Joseph Caredda; professor of Spanish, the Rev.
G. Leggio; professor of French, the Rev. G.
Burkard; professor of drawing and painting,
Bartholomew Tortore, S. ¦ J.'; professors of
music, James R. Lawrle. August W. Kaufmann
and Godfrey Buehrer: visiting physician. Dr.
F. Gerlach, S. M. ; lnflrmarlan. Brother James
J. Sullivan. Sw J. ; pastor, the Rev. A. V. Rag
gio; assistant, the Rev. Alexander Matzettt;
assistant for Mountain View, the Rev. G.
Leggio. ¦ *.. ; '-.; ¦ .. \
. The Rev. John J. Ford, one of the ablest
of the college faculty, will go to St. Louis
for his tertianshlp, remaining one year.
Henry Welch, S.J., and James L. Taylor,
S. J.. will ; leave . shortly for: Spokane,
where they will complete their phllosoph'
cal studies. Morris J. Joy; S. J., will ac
company them to study theology. Studies
will be resumed at Santa Clara Collego on
August 7." There is prospect of a lar-?e
early attendance this year.' -Appearances
would indicate that it will be greater than
for several years. The recent exercises In
connection with the celebration of the
golden Jubilee of the college have at
tracted, wide attention* to -the institution.
NEW FACULTY NAMED
, TOR JESUIT COLLEGE
LATE SHIPPING UTTELLIGENCE.
Thursday, July 25.
Br atmr Coptic. Kinder. 29 days 6 hours 10
minutes "from Hongkong, via: Yokohama 17
days 41 minutes, . via Honolulu 6 days 1 hour
51 minutes.
Schr Viking, Montensen, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
. . ' Thursday, July 25.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, — . .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. SEATTLE— Arrived July 25— Br stmr Algoa.
from Port Blakeley, for Manila; ship C F Sar
gent, from Honolulu. • •
Sailed July 25— Stmr Excelsior, for-Valdez.
BALLARD— Arrived July 25— Ship Paramlta,
from Honolulu.
NEAH BAY— Passed out July 25— Bark Lev!
G Burgess, for San Francisco; Br ship Eaton
Hall, for Callao; Ger bark Louise, for Cork.
ARRIVED.
The . difference between any mother's
boy and any other mother's boy . Is Just
that she is his mother. .. •
Petaluma Telephone Lines Bought.
PETALUMA, July 25.— The Sunset Tele
phone Company to-day purchased the lo
cal system of the Petaluma Home Tele
phone Company and will hereafter "run
an extended system in this city. Another
corporation will probably assume control
of the electric lighting and power fran
chise in a few days. The Bay Cities Pow
er and Light Company is negotiating with
J. B. Burdell for the purchase of his elec
tric and gas 'plants.:-' If the deal Is com
pleted the operating company, will . make
the local plant the distributing point for
the cities of Sonoma and Marln counties.
Baptists at the Twin Lakes.
SANTA CRUZ, July 25.-The address at
the Twin ¦ Lakes Baptist , Assembly this
morning was by the Rev. Q. w. Hill of
Oakland on, "The Flight of the Missiona
ries Down the Tangtse." The evening
lecture was, on "Devil's Driftwood,"- by
the Rev. E. R. Dennett of Oakland. A
prelude on "Sunday in the Twentieth Cen
tury" was given by the Rey. W. C. Jen
kins: .'>,,'¦¦,.*"".;¦ .'- ¦..•-•¦•-.
Famous Cantor Will Officiate.
The Rev. M., Salomon 'of Toronto, Can
b da ,v for several j years first cantor a" t ' the
Temple of La Rue de Notre Dame de Naz
areth, in > Paris, will officiate at the Bush
street Synagogue to-day at 5:30 p. m. and
to-morrow- morning; at 9:45 < o'clock. On
Saturday Rabbi Myers will preach on
"The Mission and Influence- of Modern
Jewish Women.'.' • •¦ .~ ....
the Palace. He will depart for Los An
geles to-day on business In connection
with his new railroad now In course of
construction from Los Angeles to Salt
Lake.
Senator Clark said last evening that he
was as determined as ever to complete the
road with all dispatch. He also said that
no combine had been made with the Bur
lington road or with any other road east
of Salt Lake, "and that his road would ex
tend farther East ,than Utah
SENATOR CLARK ARRIVES ;
EN ROTJTE TO LOS ANGELES
Says That His Road Will Be Built
and Hints at Further Ex
tension.
Senator "W. A. Clark of Montana ar
rived here last evening and registered at
A. Plcard (owner) with C. W. Hansen and A.
M. Wallen (contractors), plans by . owner— All
work for a three-story frame building (flats)
on E line Mason street, 48 8 of Pacific, thence
along E line Mason, E 25, S — , W 25, N to be
ginning; $6600. . : .
Builders' Contracts.
Rebecca L. Strub to Richard Miller, lot on
E line of Harrison" street, 125 ' S of Preclta
place, S 25 by E 110, Preclta Valley lots 156,
157 and 158; $1000.
Louise A. Littleton to Mary M. Littleton, lot
on NE corner of Montana and Orizaba streets,
E 115 by N 125, block U, Railroad Homestead;
$10.'
Same to same, lot on N line of Minerva
Ftreet. 390 E of Orizaba, W 390 by N 125. block
n same; al?o*lot on SI3 corner of Montana and
Orizaba streets, E 165 by S 125, block R, same;
$10. . - ¦•
Rachel and Max Gutter to Solomon Getz, lots
45 to 48, block 48, lot 48, block 29, City Land
Association; $10..
Solomon and Dora Getz to Pierre Mayson
nave, lot on "NE« corner of O street and Forty
fourth avenue, N 200 by E 120: $600.
Iris E. D. Williams, Eleonore V. A. D. Her
zog and Marie S. T>. Buhler to Joseph B.
Coryell, lot on SW corner . of Army (Colusa)
street and Pennsylvania avenue, W 100 by S
60; $10. ,
George R. Shreve and Elizabeth I* S.
Hootfer (Shreve). wife of R. G., to Charles C.
Graeber, lot on W line of Fourth avanue, 225
S of California street. S 25 by W 120; $10. •
Edward Ward to Christopher F. Ward, lot
on W line of Third avenue. 175 S of Clement
street, S 25 by W 120; gift.
Ida J: Moody to Union Trust Company of
San Francisco, lot on SE line of Berry street,
275 SW of Sixth. SW 137:6 by SE 240; $10.
William B. Sharp to Ida J. Moody, all inter
est In lot on NW line of Channel street, 275
SW of Sixth, SW 45:10 by NW 120; $500.
Joseph Brltton to Brltton & Rey Company
(a corporation), lot on E line of Taylor street.
80 S of Union. S 120 by E 68:9; also lot on SW
corner of Taylor and Green streets, W 137:6
by S 137:6; also lot on NW corner of Taylor
and Vallejo streets,* W 137:6 by N 137:6; also
lot on S line of Bay street. 97:6 E of Powell,
E 177:6 by S 137^6; also" lot on SW corner Com
mercial and Leidesdorft streets, S 59.9 by'W
69:7% and E % of party wall on W; also lot
on W line of Montgomery street. 91:5 S of Pa
cific, W 75 by 37:11; also lot on W line of San
some street, 29 N of Sacramento, N 29:10% by
AV 100: also lot on S'line of Union street, 68:9
E of TajMor, S 137:6 by E 68:9; also lot on SE
corner of Taylor and. Union streets. E 68:9 by
97:6; also lot on W line of Montgomery street,
68 S of Pacific. W 75 by S 23:5 and party wall
on N; $10.
Amelia W. Coffin to S. Klarenmeyer, lot on
W line of Taylor street, 87:6 N of Eddy, N 25
by W SO; $10. - '
Marcus H., Alice A.. Jacob H., Llna F..
Louis, Blemma, Tellen. Bert R., Elsie S. and
Summit L. Hecht and Florence Fries
and Blemma M. H. and B. R. Hecht
(trustees estate of • Isaac Hecht) to
Hecht Estate Company (corporation) lot on SW
corner of Valencia and Twenty-sixth streets,
S 159:3. XV 230. NE 134:2, E 199:7%; also lot on
N line of Army, street, 131:0% E of San Jose
arenue, E 119:3,. N 81:2%. W 109:7, S 93:10, por
tion of lot 49, Tiffany & Dean Tract; also lot
on SW corner of Valencia and Army streets W
120:1%.- S 105 :1<H4, E 120. N 100. subdivision of
lot 47, same; also lot commencing at Initial
point of- survey of Rancho Rincon de las Salinas
y Potrero Viejo, S 24:9%, E 80, N 139:6, N 11:6%,
W 142:2%. lot 50, same, quit claim deed; $10.
C. E. Newman (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society.
lot on W line of Sanchez street, 101:6 S of
Twenty-second, S 50 by Ay 105; $2575. ..'
Adelaide F. McDonnell to Rose A. Campion
J^Ife of E. J), lot on N line of Fell street.
53:1% W of Cole, W 25 by N 100; $10
Margaret Campbell to William L. and Alice
A. Borden, lot on Nllne'of Thirteenth street,
105 13 of Folsom, B 23,: N Sl:9^,' W 25, S 83:6%;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
He served in Cuba and the Philippines
for thirty-two months and established a.
reputation for bravery under fire that has
gone into history. :
Lieutenant Buchanan was recommended
by Major. Gilmore fqr a medal of honor
for valorous deeds performed in action at
Caridad, on the Island of Leyte, and was
recommended for brevet rank by Colonels
McClernand and Murray, with whom he
served in the Philippines.
. First Lieutenant Buchanan of the Fpr
ty-fourth "Volunteer Infantry, which was
mustered out at the Presidio a few weeks
ago, has been recommended by the Presi
dent for a second lieutenant's commission
in the regular army. He was one of the
bravest officers of the volunteer service,
and has numerous papers from officials
high In army circles recommending his
appointment in the regulars.
Seeks Commission in Regular Army
and Furnishes Finest of
Recommendations.
LIEUTENANT BTTCBCA2TAN'
HAS A GREAT RECORD
"The upshot of-lt will be the carrying
of the case Into the Federal courts, and
that we are prepared to do. The suit will
be begun probably within the next ten
days. The claim will be of course that
the agreement by which the Bellingham
Bay Company is kept out is a combina
tion in restraint of trade."
"Further, wo were told that If a stamp
was given us we would use it to stamp
lumber planed up north ' or somewhere
else, which is. like arresting a man pass
ing along the street because you are
afraid he lit going to steal. However, I
met that objection by offering to put a
bond for $10,000 in the hands of the Build
ing Trades Council, to be forfeited In case
of the misuse Of the stamp. They re
fused, however, to give me a hearing. I
will try again, but I have no hope that I
will bo heard, although the Bellingham
Bay Company has never taken sides
against the union and was one of the llrst
concerns to send work to the mill started
by the men at the time of the strike. : .
"When I demanded reasons for this dis
crimination against the Bellingham Bay
Company I whs told that our mill was too
small to b,o taken into the association. \V«
offered at 6nce, if they would furnish us
specifications, to build a mill that would
till the bill, but no attention was paid to
the offer. ¦ .
"Now, the' significance of this refusal
lies in this: Under the agreement by
which the strike of last year in the plan
ing mills was settled all planed lumber
used in building in San Francisco and
Alameda counties must bear the union
stamp. That stamp is issued by the
Building Trades Council to members of
tho Planing Mill Men's Association, and
if wo are not in the association we' cannot
get the stamp. It follows that we cannot
employ union men In our mill, and that,
in effect, we are kept from going into
business at all.
"Some -time ago," said Mr. Cornwall
yesterday, "the Bellingham Bay Improve
ment Company, which I represent, built
a small pianingr mill. The Bellingham
Bay Company isa concern that Is and has
always been In sympathy with union la
bor. It employs none but union men and
wages no war now on unions. When the
new mill was built our people made for
mal' application for membership in the
Planing Mill Men's Association, accom
panying the application with a check for
$100. That application for membership
was refused.
It is extremely probable that the Fed
eral courts will be asked to pass upon the
validity of the agreement, between the
Building- Trades Council and the Planlns
Mill Men's Association, by which the
strike of a little less than a year ago was
settled. The suit, If it is brought— and
there is every likelihood that it will be—
will be begun by Attorney Bruce Corn
wall on behalf of the Bellingham Bay Im
provement Company.
Claim Made That New Plan
ing Mills Are All
Barred Out.
Agreement With Build
ing Trades Council to
Be Tested.
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR MILL MEN
The convention then adjourned sine die.
To-night the delegates attended a re
ception given In their honor by the citi
zens at .the Natatorium.
Resolved, That the president ' of this eon
srrcss be and he is hereby authorized and di
rected to appoint either before or after the
adjournment of this meeting a committee of
three to formulate articles of confederation to
embody : and carry out the purposes above set
forth, and to appoint In each State and Terri
tory of the Union one person to be known aa the
organizer of subordinate branches of this con
grcrs, • the same to be done until-, said articles
of confederation are formed and adopted un
der the direction of the president and secretary
of the International Mining. Congress.
Resolved, That steps should be taken at this
meeting of the International Mining Congress
to properly and systematically Inaugurate this
movement: and further be it
Whereas, The primary and most important
purposes of this congress are to inaugurate a
movement that will ultimately result In the
establishment by the national Government of
a. bureau or department of mining; and where
as, In order to accomplish that purpose It -will
be necessary to bring before the people of the
United States and present to them in form
such information upon that question as will
convince them of the great importance of the
movement; and whereas, in order to success
fully disseminate this information subordinate
branches of this conjrress should be created in
all States of this Union in order that through
these subordinate branches this work may be
carried on under the directions of the Interna
tional Congress: therefore be it
A number of resolutions were adopted,
the most Important of which were the
following 1 .
The following committee was then ap
pointed to draft a constitution and by
laws to. present to the next meeting:
Colonel Thomas Ewlng, California- E 1*.
Shaffner. Ohio; L. M. Bradley, Illinois;
W. B. Heyburn, Idaho, and Albert Klein
schmidt. Montana.
BOISE, Idaho, July 25.— E. X.. §haffner
of Ohio was to-day elected president of
the International Mining Congress, Major
Fred R. Reed of Boise, Idaho, was chosen
vice president and Jrwin Mahon was re
elected secretary without opposition.
Butte, Los Angeles and Portland, Or.,
were nam^d as the place of next meeting.
Portland was withdrawn before the vot
ing commenced and Butte won on the
first ballot. The choice ;of Butte was
then made unanimous. '. ". I
Los Angeles Makes Fight
For the Honor and f
Suffers Defeat.
• Of quicksilver Colusa County t turned
out $1500, Lake County $127,345, Natfa $403,
500, San Benlto SI8O.O0O. Sun Luis OblRpo-
J23.SS6, Santa Clara $241,073, Sonoma $99,
500, Trinity $106,982.
MINING CONGRESS
GOES TO BUTTE
Amador, $34,100; Calaveras, $160,585; 151 Po
rndo. $600: Kern, $750; Madera, $77,600; Nevada,
$20,472: San . Bernardino. $297,600;. Shasta.
$4,166,735.
Amador, $1,373,788; Butte, 1485,589; Calaveras,
$1,649,126; Del Norte, $3483; El Dorado, $363,451;
Fresno, $22,346; Humboldt, $109,444; Kern, $SOS,.
252; Lassen, $19,807; Los Angeles, $5508; Madera,
$104,134; Marlpcaa. 1157.663: Mono, $670,200; Ne
vada, $1,812,036; Orange, $2407; Placer. I0S6.153;
Plumas, $365,210; Riverside, $149,282;- Sacra
mento, $176,007; San Bernardino, $247,949; San
Dlfgo, $335,937; Shasta, $733,467: Sierra, $639,696;
Stsklyou. r 951,S!>7: Stanislaus. $21,212; Trinity,
$571,605; Tulare, $10,445: Tuolumne, $1,096,8.91;
Ventura, $2562; Tuba, $.280,366.
There was $972,185 "unapportioned." The
total of gold was $15,863,355. Twenty coun
ties are not directly credited with gold
production.
The copper producing counties are cred
ited with output as follows:
There is also a credit of 248,945 barrels
unapportloned. A' foot note explains that
this means that the phrase includes prod
ucts of single wells in counties and i?
used to conceal their identity. For the
most part the State Mineralogist esti
mates the vuluo of the oil on the basis of
one dollar per barrel and makes the total
showing of 4,329,950 barrels produce!, tho
aggregate value being $4,152,928. •
The showing by counties in gold is as
follows:
Fresno County. 547,960; Kern, 919,275; Los An
geles, 1,722.887; Orange, 254,937; Santa. Barbara,
183,486; Ventura; 443,000. , ' - • .
The preliminary report of. State Min
eralogist Aubury concerning tho mineral
production of California for tho year 1900
has .been supplemented: by a bulletin
which was Issued yesterday and which
gives a showing by counties, which Is of
general Interest.. The leading; products
are gold, copper and petroleum. The
greatest amount of curiosity -has • been
concerning the petroleum output. The
figures in barrels as given in tho report
t-re as follows: ,'«
State's Petroleum Product Is
Now Four Million. .
Barrels.
Aubury Provides Details
of the Mineral ;
Output.
COUNTIES MAKE
LARGE SHOWING
THE SANvFKANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JULY 26, 1901.
11
JTVPKWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT 3^ARG^I^^IN^^KEwiRffEirS-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
BORN.
HASKELL— In Beckwith, Plumas County, July
24, 1901, to the wife of George P. Haskcll, a
son.
MEYER— In thl« city. July 25. 1901. to the wife
of Cfcarles W. Meyer, a daughter^
Birth, marrlare and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRUGES- DEATHS.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
j 1<AailEDA REAL, ESTATE.
' A^« ME ?"\ *nd "Fruit vale bargains for~Invest-
. i-rm inn house-Ee*>kers on 'easy terms or ex-
iha.tge for city or country realty.
nn , , . SPECIAL BARGAIN.
i une of the finest residences In the city: 13
I >ooms. 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished in oak. blrdseyo maple and Carolina
Pine; highly decorated: lot 85x170 leet.
_ SPECIAL,
iwo modern cottaces, 5 rooms and bath;
near Billon; J1S00.
A. n. DENKE.
Webster-st. Station. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,"
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAyp ROOMS AXP BOARD.
TENTH, 572— Beautiful sunny rooms: for cou-
ples; home cooking; $20 upward; references. I
OAKLAND ROOMS WANTED.
"U'ANTED— In Oakland, 1 or 2 furnished house-
keeping rms. In private family. 3148 16th. city.
O AJtJLAJVO I^UK XITIJRgFOIt SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. lUh and Franklin. Oakland
•vnoosis von iiovseicisisping.
BROADWAY, 410-412— The^nosT'elegantly"fur^
nlEhed sunny rooms In locality; single and
housekeeping:; rents reasonable; flrst-class at-
tention. . •
BROAD WAT, 930— $8; 1 or 2 sunny front rooms;
bath, yard, gtatlonary tubs. .
EDDY, 93S— Unfurnished handsome double par-
lors and three other rooms;" splendid location.
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for couple; telepnone; refs.
HYDE. 412— Sunny alcove, suite unfurnished;
also basement suite of 2 or S rooms, {14; also
furnished.
LEAVENWORTH. 720. near Sutter— New and
elegrantly furnished rooms; all conveniences
for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1063— Suites of housekeeping rooms,
completely furnished. .
MORRIS ave., 113, near Bryant— 2 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent tS.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— »6 per month. «un-
iiy furnished housekeeping rooms to let.
OAK, 119— Large sunny parlor*, furnished,
housekeeping; yard; (16; other single rooms;
reasonable.
POLK, 1002— 3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnithfd for housekeeping, {15 up; reference.
POWELL, 1401—2 or S large connecting rooms
for housekeeping, gaa, bath; also single
rooms; reasonable.
SACHAMENTO. 1514— One or two very deslr-
able. clean, nicely furnished rooms; private
residence; light hounekpg. allowed If desired.
SECOND ST., 212 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping and others; clean and respectable;
no children; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 304— Newly furnished bay-window
parlor; large .closet; gas; light housekeeping;
reasonable.
TURK, 613-1 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing, $12; 1 large unfurnished room. Apply
from 1 to 3. '
VALENCIA. 1232— J sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing; furnished; gas stove; bath; yard; tubs.
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1091
Valencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant a've.— Best SI a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to Jl per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeplnir rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to {1 night; phone Black 4915.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 727 — Unfurnished and furnished rooms;
gentlemen; gas; bath; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth — Nicely furnished
rooms to rent, fl per week.
fl A WEEK— Sunny furnished room; also one
front room, closet, bath, tl 25. 834 Folsom st.
FOURTH, 225 — Xlce front rooms; suitable for
two.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
Et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished: strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HAYES, 136— Small sunny room, suitable for
gentleman; rent JS.
KEARNT, 34, and VI Post — Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
LARKIN. SO*— Large Eunny rooms, ?6 and f";
small room, $4; suitable for gents.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nisbed rooms, S2 a week up; <i5c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
NICE sunny rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $1 75 to $2 25 a week. Apply
at shoe store, 663 Mission Et.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126' EMis — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par- .
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, 12 to
$8; monthrs$8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; -baths. ¦ ¦
6EVENTH, 304 — Unfurnished sunny front room
for one person, $5; gas.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,-
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON* 332 — Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. 'water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE Bachelor, 18 Mason Bt.— 100 furnished
rooms, 60c up; elevator: electric lights in
every room: return call bells; first-class;
newly furnished and renovated; central;
quiet: gentlemen only. • .
TWO young gentlemen for large front, sunny,
nicely furnished room; good board; few select
business people in house; best block Haight
Bt. Box 3937, Call office.
TWO pleasant sunny front rooms, $6 to S8.
420 McAllister st.
VAN NESS. 807— Elegant suites, newly fur-
nished, $50; also others; rooms first class.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore'^t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia «t.
ROOMS, AND BOARD.
ONE or -two girls familiar with housework;
no cooking: who want to enter, school or
college on an economical basis, can have a
good home and board for work. Address or
call at Swarthmore Hall, 570 Harrison et.,
S. F. Cal. - • .
HARRISON. B70— Newly furnished rooms and
board. $3 50, $4. t5 a week; fine location;
use of parlors, piano, bath, large garden or
yard. American family; transients, 73c, $1
a day.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland: unsurpassed family table. 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland. . •
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management: modern: sunny rooms: ta-
ble board: unexcelled. [ Tel. Church 1JS1.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 624— Nice sunny front
room, with board; hot and cold water; bath;
suitable for 2; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807 — Stevenson mansion: select
family hotel ;exceptlonal table;attractlve rms.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en sulte.slngle excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repelier. 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; gpeclal rates to tourlstg.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker. 915. Leavenworth— Fine funny
rooms.Eingle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The Weekly Call,
16 naecx. In wrarox-r for malllnsr. tl per year.
ROOMS AND no ARD WASTED.
BOARD and- rooms wanted for family of
four 1 adults near Park Panhandle. Address,
giving. terms .and location. Box 4457. Call.
I SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.,- rooms 9-10. • tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated;, con-
I eultation free. American Dispensary, 614 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
. 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, fl peryear.
- (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
¦ No Connection With Any Other House.
I Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
¦ TJn rv>nn»etion With Anv Other Mnu«».
Telephone South 247.
yvics/*\/o"v' at go.. < -.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1239 Market. St. * between 8th and 9th.
' j ATT>WAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
i ¦ Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
* I Local -I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
- ¦ | Dally I * | Dally [ Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p[ 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a »1:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced..: 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 P
"Freano."... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p -3:27 p 7:06 a :..
"Visalia... 3:4Op ........ 4:48a ........
• " Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"• Kan City 2:40a 7:30a
-"'" Chicago. .|.. .2:15 p 9:00 p
- a for moinin?. p for afternoon.
*9:0O.a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying: Palace Sleeping 1 Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. ; No second-class
tickets honored on this train! Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. .-. ¦ ~ -¦ . -. £,-
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m. •
dally. - •" • - ¦'""-.¦
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
. through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace, Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.'
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily. : ....
,¦7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stepping at
all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
spnndlng train arrives at 8:40 a:m. dally. ¦
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
, Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
>»pd. ¦ /', ,
¦¦;.'•¦ ..-•¦" -•¦A^~~^ ~" - -• ..¦
y*~^ B?. ?;i bbon's Dispensary,
MrMff^WQ 1 " IS'*** for the treatment of I'rlvnt*
EgliJfcj, «0V Dlwisen. I^itt MhHIkmkI. Debility or
BBBHS^BW^dl-veng" wearlnpon hody and mind and
DIsonscs. The Doctorcures when
i?fiSSE» BH n <hers (nil. Try him. rb.irgi-s low.
SSwHSfflSffiSl*''"***" iru»r»tiie*d. Oill or write,
pr. J. !•'. UIBSOK. Siu Fruijclsco, CuU .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
i 1i'nln< l«»n««> nml nr» tlu«» i» nrrtt* w»
i H\7* ritAN«'IN4'O.
• (Main Une. root of llnrket Street.) '
nun — Fr.ou July II. 1331. — arkivs
~:OOa Iienida. Suisuu, Kbsira aad Bacra.
luciito.. j 6 Sip
"J iOOA Vac »i tile. Wt f.'i. Ruuiiey - < :,»oi>
"« :Utt.i M wUimsx, ."uiu 1; union, V ulleju. Iv -na,
* l'HlUti<|iii»iiilMitiicn Uosk I>i23i»
H:O»A Davi.H, WuodSaud. KuicUta Lauding.
Marjitille, «>ru«ill«. 7:51?
:«:OO.t Atlantic Kipreu— Os«leu *ml Kaas lS:U3p
!«:<•<•* Kilos, Ltthr>r, Stockton *iS-»f
»niO.t Nile*. Momluta. UiiifurO, VmlL,
Portcrville 4:w3p
11:30 a Shuu Kxpreaa— DaTia. Williams (for
Iiartlett Buriogs), Willows, iCetl
Bluff, Portliiiil. 7:3»r
• iUOa Ran .lone, l.lvrrmnrv, Stouktiiii,
1«ims, ttMUMuruto. rUcvKlU*.
M»rynvlll«, i:hlc<>, Kh.1 IllulT ti21r
IIi&Oa Oak.Ul*. Chinese (Yusemite), Mo-
nora. Carters -It3.tr
IIiOOa liny w»rtl, Mill s aud Wai Station*.. • Ii-VIa
IHOOA VglYejo 1-41*3 f
UtVOA Lna Angeles Express — Maitlnox,
Tracy, Lathrnp. .Slooktou, ilrrcril
Vretim » ml Los Ai:se!cs ":-.">?
ihiMA VnllfJ.i. AUrllnoi ituil Wkj SUtkm* i '**r
I UitfOA Too OterUitd limited— Ogden, Uon-
ter, Om»h». Chlcaji. Ui^.i?
1 1 too rHacianwii t«» Utter Munuim |5i»»a
S 3iS«P H»jw»rd, Nil-* ami Way SUIIon*.. 7:33p
4i«ttr lleulcta. Winters, Haerainsnlo.
WooilUml, Knlttliti lauding,
Mxryafillr. Orutliiti IO:33a
tt*«r Martlnex, Han lUinnu. Vallejo,
Sni«. t.VlUtniK. Santa Itnm »'M\ '
4:OOrNUes, Llvermoro. Stockton. Lmli... U »P
4:3ur Htvward, Mies, Mau. lime, Lifirmora t •""•'»•"'*
<l:ai>r PartCos*. Twcy. Utbrop, Sfcktcu H»:23a
3:V«r Tliv Owl IJinitwl-rieauo, TuIhtv, i
lUkeraO«lil. Manjtis fur SauU Uar-
bara. Loa A>i«el«> Si33t
O:OOp Martin* z. Aotiocb, Stockton, Jter-
cad,FresxiO I«sS3p
HtO«r Tosemita lnuSr
BtS0r New . Orleans Eipren Mendota,
Freaoo, Bakersfio-O. Loa Angeles.
Dcmtnsc. El s*aao, Now Orlaaos i
Ud Bill 75.1.1a
0:*l»r HoyiruiI, NU«« and 8*u Jo«« < >•»•»»
t«:OOr Viillejn "i25»
«:O«r Oriental Mall— Otfilen, Chcjenna,
Omaha. Chioxg.i latSSr
•lOOr Oriautal Mall — Ogdeo. Deoter,
Bl LoBla. Cblmcu 4>S3r
TlOOr Oregon ami Callfurula i;ii'rni.»,N»a-
laiiieukii, Murjmllle. I!piI«IIhk,
l'ui tUuil, Tiigat Nmiml ami Kant S<33a
Sio-ir Ban Pablo, l*..it Coata. Martlavs
and Way UUtloua Ili2»»
J»tO3p Vallnju 7»3.->y
i " COAST LINE (.N«rr«iv (UuKt).
' . (FoototMiirkBtHtrext.)
; fl <-4Sa Slat* Ciux ICxeurslon io ¦Haul* Cios
i and Principal Way Btalloui JSiO.Tf
• lift* Newark. IJmilun«ll«..San.li)«o, KrUmi.
Ili»ul(lmC*rt«li,faiilaCrui»iiinVay
HUtlima 8i30f
t*ll»r Newaik, (.'•utarvllU*. Han .li.aa. N»»» . .
Alnia.lxn, ir.lton. Ho.iUUr « Ti'..lt.
Hani* <riu» and l'rluuliml Way
Htntluiia IOia«u
«iiap Newark, Han Ji«6, I.ca Caioa fi-^U
«<tiap01«nwood.BottMerOr««t, BAntoCnn «wi3(»»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from Sil mSCUCO— fwv «f lukit Stnet (Slip 8)—
t7:I6 U.OO 11:00a.m. 1:03 1:09 3:13 r-.
rum 0UU»0-rMl«i»ft«a«'.;.-f il ; il0 tS.M t3:0l
10;00t.M. »:C3 8:03 «:0Qr.M.
COAST XjINB fBvM> <Un K f>).
: flhlrtl m.J Towwiwtiil SU)
OilOAautJonaiKtWayHUtlou*. «iu«A
! )7iN0A Han Jom ami Way HUlliiii* Ut»r
/7t««A New Almiilfii / 4ilO»
' t?iuu a Sunday Kzcnnloo for Han Ji »o.
I Hanta Cro«. 1'jcilto aror* aud
Principal W«y SUtiotM ISiaOv
• lOOAHau .limn. Holllntcr. Miiiiln Vvit, .
rnolllu <U»»f, dan LuU
Obtspo. Ranta Barbara ami Prlu>
etpal liitarmrtlUta St*H..im Titlr-*
! lOiaOA8an Joe and Way SUitona C.uur
I lltaOA Han Jna« ami Way MUllona SiUur
tfti-l&y H»m Mtten, Reilwoo-t, .V^nlo Park,
Palo Alto, Hanta Clara. H«n .limit,
Ilo'Jiatar, Hum* Om Sallnaa,
Mouieivr *¦••! racltlu Urnw* |IO>43a
•iSOr Han Jnai*. Traa Plnoa. Santa Cruz.
r»dflo Grove ami w»r .stnU.i.m 4>I»p
flil.ir SaiiJri-uau.l I'rincipal War NUtloni ViI3a
«3tOOr8an Jone, Lot Gatos aud l'rinclpil
Way SUtioim 1!»s«O»
Bi3»p nanJnw*m>t>rineip«l Way Stations »::»•*
•iflVr Redwoid, Han Jo*-, Gi!ny. Solluaa,
Santa Barbara, Loh Ansrlt- lOtos*
•:3Ar E»n .lost ami Way .Stations 1»i««A
<tll»45p San Jnawfcml Way Htathmn 7:-t»r
A for Morning 1» for A f t<-riioon.
tHui..Uir e«co|.tod. ! fnniim on;7.
a Saturday only. • Mondiy.
e Saturday »n I Sunday. / Turadays and Fridays
CAUFOmi HORTHTCESTERB RY. CCL
LESSEE
SAM FRANCiSCQ AND KOHTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry. Foot of Market S3.
Cinti Fi*an:is:o ta San Kafasl.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:C0. 11:00 a. m.;. 12:33,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. • Thursdays — Extra trltf
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:SO
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS-8:C0. 9:30, 11:00 a. in.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Jtan Rainsl to Km Frnnclsso.
"WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:19 a. m. ; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS.. 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:W,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. -
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901.) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I • I San- I Weefe
Days. ( days. ( Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:C0am[ Xovato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:3»am| Petaluma. 6:05 pm!lO:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| S:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Heal'dsburg, 10:40 am
• Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 am {10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 amj and Uklah. | 7:35 pm; 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am|10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm|
3:30 pm 5:00 pm j 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:40am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggrs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
' bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
; Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
: Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, 'Bucknelrs,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno- City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal. • Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummin*.
Beirs Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, ScoUa
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle -
Building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aet.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry.
.. Commencing April 33. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55. 8:30, *9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
12:43, »1:45» 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:13. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. «9:00. *10:C0.- 11:00. -11:39
a. m.. 12:43 *l:30, 2:30, *i:G, 5:00, 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:CO a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
¦ Trains marked (•)¦ run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27, 7:47, 8:35, 10:15
a. m.. *12:25, 1:15. 2:20, *3:&, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS oh Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdavs at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAY&^IS. *8:0O. 9:45. •11:00 a. m.. 12
m., 1:00, 2;lo, '3:30, 4:30. *5:45, 6:45, 7:30, 10:10
p. m. .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. rx
SUNDAYS— 6:35. S:00. 10:C5. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13
1-20 2:30: 3:45. 3:00, 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
f, THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . ¦
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
* 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. •
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
TU SasmUw Kerry— root of Msrk«t Si.
!*?£ »\ WEEK DAYS..... 5 SS»'«t«
8.00 a.m.) f 12:15 p.m.
9:00a. U. ( ' ' ' 1:15 r. K.
10*0 A. M. I sn\DAT3 J 8:S) *• »«•
1130 A. U.f BTODATS. < 4J5O p . »,.
1^0 P. m. I 5JS0 ?. U.
2X> p.m.; I 7:10 p. u.
rtn>. S»n rrviei«a» to Simalt tad tctaro. tl.ta
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. &San»alito Perry.
iBfiHrttSLOOjerM
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
Point Lob as ave., ;.-. F., Cal;
The ordinance prohibiting burials In San
Francisco after the first day of August, 1901
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead. / . .
Permits to cremate will be issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Manager.
San Mateo County.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS Con.
A PCBPMSE **al!s a'.l who nre in~ter**fc>d~*in
•he sylf-j.lr.yittp place; Uie Ocilian U the lut-
,si and best: you ar» !rvit*j t,, , iur al]
Zntcn* DVCON ma;;:v. 3CS Part^rt!
Ityroa Mauzy. Gabler, L.-.-ter. Hamilton and
b:'l>!n-.au I'Sancs. |
\,\V ::anu sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase "price al-
I v^.t on a now peerless Knabe at regular
• ;!<¦<-; oorts y.m only 20c m day to buy a uiano
',,-,„> us. KOHLF.lt & CHAFE. CO oTarMI
A. MST-ot fine seoond-hand bargains-l Eme7-
: :n. I HalW & Davis. 1 Oonover. 1 Curtaa 1
Si'-'i-ling. ?Tr,. m;:.. $h;, rtc; ca^v payments
I.KNJ CUBTA2 & SON. i« O ; Fa?rVX «£
tlhlt-kerinc. \o«e Sterling Agency; also
A|m:11o. lung of self-playrm.
.\U. rriakes: rreat bargain; $00 up: rent* $2 ud
allowed; we want agents; pianos lurnlsiw
Vror: you get first money when vou si>ll
HEINE PIANO CO.. £17 Geary eiL
;.\S. KHICFFE'S piano warerooms now nerma-
nor.tly located at 22 Turk *t.. near Junction
i yl * icn - Maiket and Turk: freest In c"fy
ANOTHER clear.lng-out sale of storage pianos
nx your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve
WILSON'S STORAGEJX)^ 1706 Market st
JfTKlNWAY. Chlckering. other uprights to do«o
estate. Pierce'B Piano Factory. Market & luh
WANTED— The use of a piano tor storarre-
carfful usage. ;e23 Nineteenth et.
PIANOS T75 up; Hartman J1O0: Chlckerlnc «->«•
. Xicuman HSO. W. C. Hamlltok. s iHood bidg.'
$;:.o RENTS a fine upright piano- a few left
FCOTT-CfRTAZ PIANO CO.. & Hay£ iff*
™? Tvi^'Jln" e lT 1 ? a ™i !Undanl "PrtEht Piano:
pam leaving. 619 Eddy Ft., near Larkln.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher J9S-
--.¦rhlckfring. I1S5. noom 5S. 217 Geary st!'
0^rTr^ing^. for
A FP , L Pm T>1D Steinway; uprights. $100; pianos
rented $: upward. BRUENN. 208 Pott ,£ anos
A LARGE lot of w^ond-hand upright pianos
-or sale cheap. HORNUXG'S. S16 McAllister?
A o?. N . E ur / lght P 5ano t0 >" "Je cheap. 837 Me-
.Muster st. .
MT LLER. maker, repairer. S Latham place"
OFFICES AXD STOIIES TO LET,
CORNER etore: llvlnr room.; fitted up for
fsssgrg ash-far %s. bus>n r
PACIFIC. £3-Handsom« large store, reduced
\» ?a: also 610 Sansomf. store, rent $«.
LimiT. cheerful office.: sis and «2». Emma
?J OIL.
*,l lr "Z X KS5! on wn territory adjoln-
!ng the Fan Joaquln Co. <T« Parrott bldg.
OIL tanks, second hand, in com order: all
'"": «**»»* H. 8. WHITE, til* MlMlon »t.
PAIVTEKS A.\P nnCOIXATOItS.
lioOMS papered from S3 M up; tinting done.
lbrtmann Paint Co.. Sl» 8a »t.; tel. lied 8K1.
PALM IS T« V.
UBS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons riven. 451T Jones st.
MME. GERMAINE. the burtnew nalmltt of
the Paclflc Coast; Hot. 808 Market et.
IL JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 615
Taylor ft.. N»t. Grary and Tott; tel.Black 661.
PER.SOXAX.S.
WANTED— Experienced manager for special
rranch of our business extending over Coast
r.r.4 Hawaiian Islands. If mutually agreeable
party may purchase one- half interest of this
A ra £ h Bo»i£^o%g: * blutr - **<¦ ctc -
II/T.RS CURED— Ulcerine (a ntw discovery),
a protect of the Philippine Islands, will posi-
tively cure ulcers of the leg; no detention
from bust»w>«s-. consultation free at our office
I-UTtUNE CO., 40 Ellis #t.. room. 18 and 1 19 :
tt>c <" leva tor.
I A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary «t.. and you
*¦!!! not be disappointed: this remedy Is posi-
tivply guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
tt! .V>— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
*1-Solid oak chair; factory price.
?:-Enarael tw?ds. all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
.gpsreys Credit House. M29 Mission, nr. 10th.
KT.ECTRIC lisht in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Et.. near Market: 700 rooms; ,
. . • I'* to $1 50 per nieht; $1 50 to $6 per week:
fr<^ 'bus and baggage to and rrotn the ferry. •
J! WEEKLY- Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine drese suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
Vi'HITE enamfl Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 836 Mission et.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and tnole« destroyed with
flectric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St. i
TAILOR made puitF. $7 59; dress pants. $2 50.
Clothing Parlor, cor. BurtT and Dupont.
OLD cole, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. %7Z Market gt.
MASQUERADE eoftumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure: 25c; all druggirf.
A. TVEEK'S news for « cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapr*r. for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIAXS AM) SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market gt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. 'WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
7C4-766 Clay rt.: see testimonials at office.
PILES.
KEARLT 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
. over SO names of prominent business men
cent ac reference; so chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Cull
efflce. B. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
(CSOO — TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
eunny 10-room residence; substantially built.
.¦ finished by day work; every possible latest Im-
provement; heaters, registers, 6 basins, plate
and art glass windows; marine & park view;
the choicest of any near panhandle; large lot
26:6x100; Fulton ct., nr. 'Shrader: Hayes or
McAllister Ft. cars; open from 11 to 4:30.
CONSULTATION FREE. ~ '
We will advise you how to buy and advise
you how to fell, hew to put bad tenants out
of your property without expense and collect
your rents. HEALY & GILLESPIE. £30
Market et., opp. palace Hotel.
' EIX. seven and eight-room cottages: also two
flat houses In block between 17th, 18th, Castro
end Noe ets.; U cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON. builder. •
BAT-WINDOW cottage, 6 lots; $1300 cash
or terms. W. MILLERICK. 527 Gates St.. off
Cortland ave.
REAL ESTATE CODXTOV — For Sale
H-FOR SALS NEAR SAN FRANCISCO— -^
Bmall tracte, $00 to $§« per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
Ban Francisco i* crowing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming-. Apply
to The Cotati Co,, 502 California Bt.. for pam-
phlets or information.
DO you want to invest a little money In some
lands that will make you a rortune Quick?
Write at once for full particular*. Address
Box 3744. Call office.
120 ACRES, inland, with wood and creek, for
eale. Address box 3E...4. Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches fox sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. -Petaluma. Cal.
ROSS VALLEY KHAL ESTATE.
LARGE and small house* for eale, lease or
building lots and }and by acre. J.
TUXSTEAD. San Anselmo.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
25 HOUSES and lots from $100 to $20,000; 100
ranches, all sizes, from J400 to $40,000; 25
rtores and business places. $50 to $6000. Td
buy. sell or exchanire anything: eee H. C
DECKER. 1020 Mfcrk«* at.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— By responsible parties, ranch on
fhares. call or address 407 Thirty-eighth »t..
Oakland. ___1J__^_L
BEHKlLEUDTERTiSEiiENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY 12750— New "-room houses, complete In
every particular, containing window shade
. combination fixtures and the Sunlight water
lieawr. «-nabllr.K you to get hot water at any
tirr»e durinK the day or night without ' fire:
on the sunny side of rtreet and near the
«»«. At>Dlv to JOSEPH J. MASON. Real
EEttte. Berkeley station.
SAi.J FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice is hereby given
t..at CHARLES H. JACOB of the ; firm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO.. funeral direc-
tors and embalmers, 318 Mason street, | has,'
by order of court, had his name changed to
, CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN, by reason of
which ¦ the name of his , firm becomes
CHARLES H. J. -TRUMAN & CO. Under
this name he continues to do business at the
'wipe place. Telephone Main 62U. .
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission Btreet,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of the Hannoveraner Verein. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ERICKSEN— In this city. July 25, 1901. ' Emil
H. Er!cksen, beloved brother of Charles L.
Ericksen, a native of Christiania, Norway,
aged 46 years 8 months and 22 days. A mem-
ber of Lorisshbre Lumbermen's Protective
Association.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California, Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. .
GAINEY— In this city. July 24, 1901. Jane, be-
loved wife of John Gainey, mother of Walter
J., Genevieve M., Willie P.? Gertrude A. and
Herbert F. Galney, and beloved daughter of
Mrs. Lucy Hogan. a native of St. Johns,
New Brunswick, aged 40 years. . (St. Johns,
New Brunswick, and Boston papers please
copy.)
C3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2S1A Shipley street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for .'the reposi
of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GARGAN— In this city. July 22. 1901. Edward
Gargan, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
[nyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2*.S0 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking. Company.
1209 Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
LEWIS— In Tamarack, Cal., July 21, 1901. Mrs.
H. R. Lewis, widow of the late H. R. Lewis,
and mother of Mrs. Jessie Bardwell. Mrs. •
Laura Davis, Mrs. Maud May Foster of New
EfTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), -at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2909 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers. • .
DAVIDS— In this city, July 24, 1901, Oscar
Davids, a native of Germany.
(prFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 2S, at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 247 Fourth avenue, corner Point Lobos
avenue. Interment CyDress Lawn Cemetery.
CONNF.LLY— In this city,. July 23, 1901, .Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Sabina, and father of
Thomas F. and Sarah Connelly, a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 75 years
8 months and 13 days.
BARRY— In this city. July 23, 1901. Maurice,
beloved husband of the late Annie Barry, and
brother of Richard Barry, a native of the
parish of Carrlgtwohill, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged ,60 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
Jtt the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BUNGER— In this city. July 25, 1901, Christian,
beloved husband of Wllhelmlne Bunger, and
father of Fred and Minnie Buneer, a native
of Hanover. Germany, aged £6 years 11
months and 25 days.
DIED.
Barry. Maurice Mooney. Andrew
Bunger, Christian Nager, John M.
Connelly. Martin Nelson, Ellen
Davids, Oscar ' Parkison, Albert E.
Erlcksen, Emll H. Peden, William J.
Gainey, Jane Sweeney, Hannah
Gargan. Edward Toner. Sister M.
Lewis, Mrs. H. R. Stanislaus
McGrath, Victoria ¦ Ward. Edward C.
Metrger, John Whelan. Philip \
Moody, John C. Yates. Charles R. )
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tho following marriage licenses were issued
yesteYday:
SantV Peril. 46, Fishrock, Cal.. and Rosa
Falalu. 32. Fishrock. Cal.
Joseph B. Tibbott, 51, Los Angeles, and Nina
J. Welles, S6. Minneapolis.
Francesco MnrUnt. 30, 215 Polk street, and
Isabella Percllle, 20, 424 McAllister street. •>«
Isaac Reubensteln, 27, 365 Eleventh street,
and Rosabelle Stelnmlller. 18. 365 McAllister st.
Emil C. Woenne, 22. 1817 Market btreet, and
Anna C. Borchers, 16, 240 Shotwell street.
John N. Boyce. 27. Presidio, and Josephine
de> Laney, 27, Newark, N. J. • .
Georee O. Hill. 23, Wlnnemucca, and Da
Kite Chaenon, 19, Wlnnemucca.
Jorgo do Sanza Aievedo, S8, 65 Jackson
street, and Maria Ollvclra. 20. 65 Jackson st.
Robert A. Wilson. IS. 0341) Capp btivet, and
Ines L. Landt, 16, 9S6V4 Carp street.
Fr-d W. Held. 23, 1344 Eddy street, and Mil-
dred d. Robinson, 23, '444 Haight street.
Pasquale Devlncenzl. 21. .1926 Post street, and
Cattenna Roca. 22. 1926 Post street. *»
Edward F. Slcbert. 21. 2l Sheridan street,
and Frunces M. Duggan, 18, 841 Castro street.
LodOTleo Torrano. 27, 443 Oiwn street, and
Laonllda Sanelovannl, ' 17, M Green street.
Joseph Sullivan, 20, 50S P&clflo street, and
Nellie Lynch. 18. SOS Montgomery street.
TREASURY Department, office Supervising
Architect, Washington, " D. C, July 9, 1901.—
Sealed proposals will be received at this office
until 2 o'clock p. in., on the 3d day of Sep-
tember, 1301, and then opened, for the com-
plete mechanical equipment. Including plumb-
ing, boilers, engines and generators,, switch-
board, electric wiring and conduits, heating
and ventilating, and elevators for the United
States Postoffice, Courthouse, etc., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., In accordance with drawings and
the specification, copies of which may be ob-
tained at this office or at the office of the
Superintendent of Construction at San Fran-
cisco, Cal., at the discretion of the Supervis-
ing Architect, upon deposit of a certified
check payable to the Treasurer of the United
States for $230, which upon return of- the
complete set of drawings and specification
will be returned. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
Supervising Architect.' -| *
PROPOSALS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281. .
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion Ft.: tel. Howard 841. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES,
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
ofllce Poet and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from St.- Leander's
Church. San Leandro. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland. ¦
YATES— In Oakland. July 25, 1901. at Fablola
Hospital, Charles Robert Yates, beloved hus-
band of Llllie T. Yates.
ETFuneral services this day (Friday), at
3:30 p'clock, at the chapel of I. O. O. F.
Cemetery, 1 San Francisco. Incineration pri-
vate. No flowers.
03TTo-day (Friday), at 9 o'clock, ' a sol-
emn requiem mass will be offered In the
convent, chapel for the repose of her soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARD— In this city, July 25. 1901. Edward
C, beloved husband -of Grace Ward, and
father of Henry L. and Charles Ward, a na-
tive of Ohio, aired 36 years.
WHELAN— In San Leandro, July 24, 1901,
Philip, beloved son of John and Mary Whe-
lan, a native of San .Leandro, aged 23
years 3 months and 3 days.
(GTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 7:30 o'clock, from' his late resi-
dence, 615 Charter Oak avenue, off San Bruno
road, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army
street, near Folsom, where, a solemn requiem
hl£h mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 8:15 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
NELSON— A requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of 'the soul of the late
Ellen Nelson of 222 Pacific street at Bt.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, to-mor-
row. (Saturday) morning, at 9 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are Invited to at-
tend. ¦ -
PARKISON— In this city. July 2B, 1901. Albert
E., beloved son of Bert and Vie Parklson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
25 days.
PED1SN-In this city, July 24. 1901, William
J., beloved husband of. the late Jane Peden,
and father of George and William J. Peden
Jr. and Mrs. Nell Cameron, a native of Bel-
fast, Ireland. (Belfast, Ireland, papers pl«aae
copy.) . *
fcyTho funeral services will take place
this day (Frtdny), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lorn of HalRted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment private.
SWKENKYs-ln thta city, July 23, 1001, Han-
nfth' Sweeney, beloved sister of Timothy
Sweeney, Mrs. John Troy and Mrs. Jeremiah
Hurley, a native of Macroom, County, Cork,
Irrland, aged 39 years.
(E7Frlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funcc&l this day
1 (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from thl Darlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Elthth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
TONER— July 24, 1901, at tho Presentation Con-
vent, Powell street, Sister M. Stanislaus Jo-
*erh Toner.
(CSTriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission ' street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. ¦ . '. -
MOODY— In Gilroy. July 24, 1901. John Chad-
wick Moody, husband of Thressa M. Moody,
a native of Saco, Me., aged 72 years.
iry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Dominic's
Church, Bush and Stelner streets."" Interment
private. ' \
MOONEY— In the City and County Hospital,
July 24, Andrew Mooney, a native of Ire-
land, areil 70 years.
NAGER— In- Bay View, South San Francisco,
July 24, 1901, at his residence, 515 Charter Oak
avenue, off San Bruno road, John Marcell
Nager, dearly beloved husband of Cecelia
Nairer. beloved father of Pauline. Minnie,
Louisa and the late Joseph Anton Nager. and
beloved brother of Anton Nager, a native of
Andermatt, Canton Url, Switzerland, aged
53 years 11 months and 2 daya. A member of
St. Joreph's Society.
Ity Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from .her late
/residence, 3975 Nineteenth street, near Noe.
thenco to Mission Dolores Church, .where a
Holemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose, of her soul,, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy 'Cross Cemetery.
METZGER— In this city, July 23, .1901. John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Metzger, a na-
tive of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 35 years
4 months and 21 days.
ICT" Friends and acauaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral this day
¦ (Friday),- at 2 o'clock, from her late . resl-
donce. 839 Park street, Alameda. ¦ Interment
- Mountain View Cemetery, • Oakland. ;:
McGRATH— In this. city, July 25, 1901, .Vic-
toria, beloved wife of Patrick McGrath, and
loving mother of Nellie. Emma, VKathryn.
Cecelia,: Joseph and Alice McGrath, a native
of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 43 years.
York. Mrs. W.' L. Turner, the Misses Annie
and Ida Lewis and Edward Lewis, a native
of- Belfast, Ireland, aged yeais.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 2C5 4th.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $S0; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansomc.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in eight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4S83.H v H. GORTER'S new water tow
er Is a marvel in Its way. It
surpasses anything of its
3 kind in the world and
will undoubtedly prove In
valuable to the fire department of
this city. The \.ater tower was
given Its second test yesterday
morning and, as on the first occasion.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee It. *
GIVEN A VACATION.— Secretary Holbrook
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals haw been granted a two months' leave
of absence by the board of trustees of the or
ganization in recognition of his efficient serv
ices.
Epworth Leaguers and Their Friends
bo to Stockton Saturday. ' July 27th. attend
church and- return Monday. .$2.00; for the round
trip.' Santa Fe trains leave 7:20 a. m. 4:20 p.
m. and 8 p.m. ."*-...
came up to th*» expectations of • Its In
ventor and the fire department officials.',
Chief Sullivan, Secretary McCarthy of the
Board of Fire Commissioners; Supervisors
Booth and Wilson and the battalion
chiefs, who saw the wonderful flre.flghter
In operation, were enthusiastic: over its
work. • ' . :..
The test was made at 10 o'clock yester
day morning In the big lot at the corner
of Bay and Stockton streets. Four pow
erful engines pumped heavy streams into
the -tower and the water- belched forth
from the nozzle with force enough to
knock down a brick wall. The test was a
i thorough one. In every respect. More than
1 an hour was devoted to manipulating the
wonderful piece of mechanism, and at tho
close of the trial Mr. Gorter was con
gratulated for having perfected a tower
that has no equal.
Mr. Gorter's new tower weighs five and
one-hnlf tons, which is the uverage weight
of a flre engine. It la a vast improve
ment on the tower he Invented four years
ago. It Is not unlike it In build, but pre
ttentR a more rubntanltnl and »uisln«\««-
Hke appearance. Both towem were built
at tho local corporation yard and give
evidence of conscientious workmanship.
Thts tower is the largctt in the United
i States. With an eighty-pound pressure it
HOPES- ARE EXPRESSED
FOR SHELDON'S RECOVERY
Secretary of Oceanic Steamship Com*
pony Holdo His Otto After
Dangerous Operation.
Edward H. Sheldon, the secretary of the
j Oceanic Steamship Company, who was
operated on last Tuesday at the Lane
Hospital for Intestinal obstruction, was
reported yesterday evening to be holding
his own and the surgeons in attendance
are hopeful that their patient will recover.
Mr. Sheldon was taken ill about three
weeks ago~ and was removed from Saus-
I alito last Monday to the hospital, where
i he now is. Drs. Rixford. Moffltt, ' Mays
I and Lorlni. who perfocmed the dangerous
j operation, are unable to state. that Mr.
Sheldon will recover his health, but they
hope for the best.
. After the operation on Tuesday Mr.
Sheldon passed a comfortable night, ami
during the whole day yesterday no change
was noted in his condition.
At the Lane Hospital 'the patient Is re
ceiving the best of attention, and last
evening the nurses in attendance stated
that, barring a sudden change, Mr.. Shel
don could be pronounced out of danger ¦
. ' Mr. ' Sheldon has a host of friends' in
this city, both in' club circles- and the
business community, and the news of his
illness has been received with the deepest
regret. -
of. seventy-six feet by water pressure.
This is an Improvement over the old tow
er, which could only be raised to a height
of forty-nine feet and had to be elevated
by hand power. The new tower can go
into action within a few minutes after It
has takmi its station- before a burning
building. The nozzle can -be swung thlrty
flve depreewout of. the perpendicular, and
can therefore sweep an entire building
liko a ; gatling gun. Like a man-of-war,
the tower is provided with a secondary
battery. This battery Is located at, its
base and is also telescopic. It can be
raised ten feet In height and may be used
with great success for flres In second and
third stories of buildings.
The new- water tower will go into com
mission within a few days. It will be. sta
tioned at 'No. 4 engine-house, on Second
street, near Mission. With this new tow
er In service Chlof Sullivan may glory In
the fact- that he hna the finest fire appn
rntua in the world. The Chief Is Jubilant
over the new tower. Ho wild yesterday:
"It Is unquestionably the finest fire tool
In the world to-day. There Is nothing that
can enunl It. I am pleased to say that
every bolt and nut. everything on it. has
been manufactured In our own corpora
tion yard. We watched Its progress dur
ing the past two years and are delighted
with its success. It is 80 per cent better
thnn the old tower."
OUSTED PRINCIPAL SUES Vr ;!;
THE BOARD OP EDUCATION
Miss McKeneie Serves Directors Wit!>
. Summons* to Answer > Petition .
for Reinstatement.
The members of the Board of Educa
tion were served with a summons yester
day to answer a suit for reinstatement to
be filed -in the Superior Court by Miss
Margaret McKenzie. principal of the Han
cock Grammar School, wher' was dismissed
from her position last week. • ¦
The board is investigating charges made
by principals against five teachers. . The
investigation is preliminary , to public
trials, which will be held should the
charges be substantiated. Superintendent
Webster, is taking part in the . investiga
tions, and it v is understood ' that the
charges are grave enough to cause the
removal of some of, the teachers If they
are proven.
"incog," but he was soon recognized. He I
arrived in this city about a week agt> and
paid a hurried trip to the Yosemlte. He I
returned her© yesterday and spent l*at
evening taking In the sights of. China
town.
Years Ago He Killed His Opponent in a Duel and Was Exiled, but Kaiser
' Wilhelm Pardons Him and Restores Him to Favor.
There is a great amount of mystery sur
rounding the Count and Countess von
Larlsch, who are at present staying at
the Grand Hotel. The Count refuses to
see any representatives of the press and
to all cards that are sent to his rooms
returns word that "he is out."
To one person, however, he has been a
little confidential and. has stated that his
visit to California is on behalf or tne
German Government. Ho nays that he
does not know what. the mission is. but
that he Is to shortly receive Important
papers instructing him how he la to act.
Count von Larlsch has had a romantic
career. When quite n young man he be
came involved in a quarrel in the army
with one of his nuperlor officers wnlgn
led to a duel. He killed hla man and was
exiled from Germany nnd nil' his estates
cor.flneated. H« enme to this country ana
worked, earning a living In a modest man
ner. ' ' , ' .
Recently, however, he wan pardoned and
wns allowed to return to his native coun
try. He 'was appointed to service for tho
Gorman Government, and one of his first
mlw<lona was to represent the German
Government In Ottawa at the reception
tendered to the Duke and Duchess of
Cornwall and York.
The Count says .'that ..when he arrived
In this country -he attempted to travel
Trouble on the St.* Katherine.
While on the run from San Francisco to
Hilo one of tho.crew of the bark St. Kath
erlne fell > overboard ' and was -drowned.
Captain Saunders was unable to v nll the
vacancy-at the-islands^ and- the crew re
fused to take the vessel to sea, claiming
that she was 'short-handed. The captain
explained that he could not get another
man, but thersailors would, not .give in.
When ordered' to get the vessel ready for
sea they- retired to the . forecastle and re
fused duty. ¦ -;¦¦•"
When Captain Saunders saw-the temper
of the men he did, not waste any words on
them, but went ashore*-- and hired ten
Kanakas to get ithe bark ready and then
secured a tug' to i take her -to sea. The
towboat took- the St. Katherinean extra
long distance; out, and; by that time the
Kanakas had the -decks cleared and the
vessel ready to make sail. \ When all was
ready the tug j came alongside and took
the natives off. The sailors then went to
work and brought the bark to San Fran
cisco. . •
Wednesday the sailors were to have
been -paid, off, but they ..would not.accept
their .wages. , - Every one of them had been
charged pro rata for the- hire, of the
Kanakas at Hllo arid the extra tow. They
fought the charge with" the whole' weight
of the Sailors' Union - behind them, but
yesterday ¦ afternoon pave in and - were
paid off at the captain's figures.
Working on Delayed Vessels.
Work Is again progressing on three
steamships that would now be in commis
sion had it not been for the strike. On
the transport Sherman a couple of gangs
of men went to work last week and this
force was gradually • increased until yes
terday, when six gangs were at work.
The remodeling of the troopship is now
slowly .but surely proceeding and by the
end of August she should be ready for
sea. Workmen are also busy on the new
steamships Alaskan and Spokane, but it
will be some time before they are com
pleted. The Spokane was to have been
ready for the Alaskan excursion season,
but It looks now as though it would be
next year before she goes north. •
SAN FRANCISCO'S .WONDERFUL" NEW FIRE FIGHTING - MACHINE
WHICH WAS SUCCESSFULLY, TESTED, YESTERDAY AND' THE COR
PORATION YARD MACHINIST '.WHO DESIGNED AND BUILT IT
ROMANCE IN THE CAREER OF A GERMAN COUNT
NOW IN SAN FRANCISCO ON A DIPLOMATIC MISSION
Powers Still Fighting.
Attorney Frank H. Powers will make
another effort before Judge Muraaky this
morning to establish his contention that
the teachers of this city and county are
not entitled to draw the*moneys now in
the treasury, in keeping with the provi
sions of the constitutional amendment rat
ified by the last Legislature, providing
for the payment of salaries due for No
vember and December of 1897. until -the
fiemand of the merchant creditors of the
School Department for $7000 advanced to
the teachers by them in 1898 Is satisfied.
The injunction restraining the teachers
frGm drawing this money was dissolved
by Judge Murasky last week and the mo
tion to appoint a. receiver has been de
nied by , the court. Yesterday morning
Mr. Powers requested further time In
which to again move against the teach
ers' fund, and the court gave him until
this afternoon to prepare his case. ¦:> :>
IMPRESSIVE SERVICES
• HELD AT ST. PATRICK'S
Solemn Requiem High Mass Is Cele
brated in Memory of Fathes
- John Brennan.
Solemn requiem high mass was cele
brated at St. Patrick's Church "Wednesday
morning in memory of Father John Bren
nan, who was formerly pastor of the
Catholic church in Menlo Park and who
died in Paris last Friday. Father Cum
mins of St. Patrick's was celebrant and
was assisted by Father Qulnn of St. Bren
dan's, who acted as deacon; Father Keene
of St. Joseph's, subdeacon; Father Lyons
of St. Peter's, master of ceremonies, and
Father Hessler of Golden Gate. Schmidt's
mass was rendered by the choir. The ser
vices were largely attended and were
most solemn and impressive.
¦ Others of the clergy who were present
yesterday were: Fathers Scanlon. Lagan,
O'Connell. Mulligan. Lane, Cassinl, Samp
son, Clifford. Guidert. Fuhr. Grant. O'Con
nor. Clancy. O'NeiJ. McGoff. . Culllgen,
Foote. Griffin.' McKinnon, O'Ryan, Hanni
jran,"Ramm. Wyman. Horn. Balllet, C. E
Kennedy. M.. Kennedy, PIpernI, Santan
dreu, Nolan, O'Mahony, Quill, Phillips
Leahy, Rogers and McSweeney.
CHARLES SUTRO'S WEL
IS PILED FOE PBOBATB
Decedent Makes Bequests to Charity
and Devises Residue of Estate
i to Relatives. , ;
The will of Charles Sutro. the promi
nent banker, who died on the 19th inst.,
wa« filed for probate yesterday. The will
bears date of June 24, .'1901, and by Its
terms the following bequests are made:
To the Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society, the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society and the Roman Cath
olic Orphan Asylum. J10C0 each; to the Congre
gation Emanu-El. for the care of decedent's
grave. $500; to Albert Sutro. a brother. $20,000;
to Julius GradwoHl, $3000 and all evidences of
his indebtedness to the deceased; to Emma and
Charles Lowenberg. niece ind nephew of the
deceased, SSflO each: to William Lowenberg.
a npphew, $2WH; to Jeanette Lowenberg, widow
of Robert l^owanbur, a nephew, J2000, and to
Charles Sutro. a nephew. $1000.
The residue of the estate Is devised in
equal shares to Albert Sutro, Helen
Schwartz, Alga Sutro. Anna Sutro. Vir
ginia Lowenberg, Emil Sutro, Alfred Sut
ro, Oscar Sutro, William Lowenberg, Ed
mund Lowenberg, George Lowenberg and
Robert Lowenberg.
Charles and Alfred Sutro are named as
executors of the will. The value of the
estate Is not given.
would knock down a brick wall that had
been weakened by fire. Yesterday 140
pounds' pressure was noted at Its base,
and the water was sent out with incredible
force. "When it is known that with eighty
pounds' pressure water .is forced, through
the big nozzle at the rate of 1200 gallons
a minute one may form an approximate
Idea of the force of water discharged by
the machine.. Eight engines can.pumj
into the tower simultaneously, though
four, may be used to advantage.
The tower is a metal telescopic affair,
and the nozzle can be raised to a height
- Archbishop Riordan has under consid
eration an insurance plan which is novel
In a way and will, it is thought, prove a
great success if .adopted. -
Every year thousands of dollars are
paid out by the Catholic churches of this
archdiocese for, insurance against flre.~
The churches, schools, convents and all
the religious organizations carry insur
ance policies on their buildings and other
property. There have been no flres In
f"y o* these buildings in recent years, and
2!?' Ar ?J»blshop thinks that If premiums^
were all paid into the church a great
amount of money could be saved. The
money that would thus accumulate would
form the nucleus of a healthy insurance
fund, which in case of fire would furnish
ample means to build anew damaged prop-
.The matter has not as yet been settled,
but It Is said that the Archbishop Is se
riously considering the proposition.
Fhi? ¦" *J e take "this step a number of
tne - bl £ Insurance . companies would lose
good clients, as the Cathedral and all the
churches In this city are insured for large
amounts.
Money Now Paid in Premiums
Could Be Turned Into an
Assurance Fund.
How Catholic Churches
May 'Save Large ;
Sums.
ARCH BISHOP'S
INSURANCE PLAN
•THE SAN FRANciscO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 26, 1901
WATER TOWER AMAZES AND DELIGHTS
THE CITY'S FIRE FIGHTING EXPERTS
Gorter's New Invention- Is Thoroughly Tested and Proves an Unqualified
Success, Throwing Stream of Enormous Volume and With Sufficient
Power to Break Down a Brick Wall or to Drown a Conflagration
12
I 1 Sm la M 3 ¦ raj j ¦>
A i3 Kl Tsjfal^r afli
On and after
Friday Morning, July 26, 1901,
the price of Steam Beer will be
as TOiiows:
# Whole Barrels r - $6.50rper barrel
Half Barrels - ¦ - 3.25 per. barrel
Third Barrels 3 " ¦ 2.25 per barrel
Sixth Barrels = = » 1.25 per barrel >
Albany Brewery ! Eagle _ -Brewery ¦* ~ St! Louis Brewerr " '
American Railroad Brew- Hayes Valley Brewery South T San 'Francisco
ery Hibemia Brewery ¦ Brewery '
Anchor Brewery Jackson : Brewery Union Brewery "^
Broadway Brewery John Wieland Brewery United States Brewenr
California Brewery . Milwaukee Brewery. - Washington Brewery
Columbia Brewery Mission Brewery . Willows Brewery
Chicago Brewery '• National Brewery Wunder Brewing Cm.
Enterprise Brewery . : North Star B/ewery '[/'¦ -,
\% ,/,*;>; ApVESTISEMENTS. , r m __
ti ¦ V,til< Y oJUl WE a price.
f^t^^^S^^ UOlDg 10 will a | Boys hchool buits %
Ivmf^^^^^ WWArttiAimi | Sliced B^low Their Worth |
v^l^K75 To=Day and Saturday. /^^^^^^>
18 1^ 1 A I ll aM 111
Off the price of the handsomest suits in worsteds, in ft} A A ( 'cjrr f\r\ \r n i.. c
Scotches ; made and tailored as fine clothes should be. JK | | \ *
A purse-teaser. For this sale t^ "*¦•*•(¦ /I Q
w, ~ — ; — \ ip^i^TrO
Purse=Teaser5. {strong. school suit s ,aii-wooi
rUiat Ita^tl^. (Scotches, pretty colorings, ages .
The handsomest of Men's Worsted Trousers, £j>C^ I7C •'" years. $5 values, A
this season's smartest effects in stripes ; prime JK /^, / y\) s^ l ce off the price,
value at $5.00. A slice off the price \|/aJ« I \J ) C&O A Q
Men's Overcoats. ano™eS~«*licb.
These chilly nights suggest an overcoat; $3#5O a « nd
broken lines, but all sizes, in tan coverts, tohip- £t}'^7 CT *t\ j /¦> r\ >£S^
cords, black Thibets. sage greens; S12 to $15 Jk/ £\IJ QJi QC f^S >
values. We've sliced the price \|/ I %\J\J Cpi.OO C3L "
~ " The swellest of /7\k
Men's Furnishings, j Hen's Hats £UiZ^tM§/m
gBmi c it ct • a ) t ' j.'^v j -*l cots, aoes o to J.U IrsTy CmL C«i?j
¦O . Cl \ SlurtsAvjm— Inshff and soft, rj6ars . iri hafld , WdTUM
nT/ stiff losomsA^^* ln "U ih * new some colorings > \1\ VTTm'
.. .V2^i nvideby the best \ I .E colorings, the ,,„ 7 T # *»_£ <?«¦/> +1. m tXiariV'" -
, a ¥ 1 **¦ _, -****; ¦,¦,-. Values i»O.OU to ¦ »Y t\\ llr
Me -^ erecT \ «,j| off ATHLONE SCOTCHES.
ized Under-) CpieOO ( $6 and $7 Values $3.89.
wear, in pink and blu* ; sold by f ( ( Handsome
other dealers at $1. Our price, ) 1 . ( ftfx4S^£&%(^i& Scotchy effects
¦¦-. '¦.•• 4-OG ) BOVS' QolfS B^^^XA
) ' i^^^i l'\ Scotches; the
Men's JViaht Robes, full cut,} In that neiv block, and it's swell; iS^^J • \ cin't-wear-'em-
mtde of heavy nightgown cot-) pretty colorings; worth $1.00. |JBbIhb|. » ,^j [ out kind, moth-
ton. Special, ) Our price, " AtfJL fJf ers. Never have
ft O^ ) ffA^ Witt A W sueh values
4OC * J DUG )#} jkf been placed be-
, X'Bif M' f° re y° u ' Worth
W"^sk A ff^l HA w * or S V/FF}[1(I?K : PS ' if b^'W an^ > §^» a i es
8 /' tl S^ B |~X*a i I « Kearney jy AsC\ C\ f\
ok blJr J3L ml w^ a J iauARcAvt cDO»Oc7
Friday Sale
There la one fact about these
Friday sales we want to impress
' upon you. That is. that the re-
ductions are genuine and . that
the shoes are all perfect. We
are not making epecial reduc-
tions on undesirable merchan-
dise, but are selling some of the
best shoes In our store at these
Friday sales.
Children's Shoes.
We hare decided, contrary to our
U £SV CTJMonl « to Permit school
children to purchane these Friday
epeclals on next Saturday also.
BOTS' SCHOOL SHOES-A very
•tronr eatln caM shoe -heavy ex*
tended Bolea. rope •tltched. Ju»t
like the latest nyles in men's shoes'
—Illustrated above.
Ptxe* % to IS. r**ultrly tt.». f 0r
rriday and Saturday.. pair. *1.1O
Pises UH to t rerularly |LR for
rrlday and Saturday. .pair. Kl.ao
Rim tH to m. rerularljr U.75. tr.r
Friday and Saturday ..p«lr. *l.-ir.
CHILDREN'S AND MIPSRS' SHOES
—A hard-to- wear-out »hoe— of box
calf. Ue«! or buttoned, extenslut;
•«!•— fine for school.
Plies « to 8 for Friday and Bat«r
nay ..pnir rtftr
Bite. tHtoU for Friday and Sat-
urday nalr ill i"s
Pl*e» im to s for Friday and 8»t-
wrdar pair •! IS
cini.DnnN"R and misphs'shoep
—A vrry fine kid Ur«j Dhn*— with
•xtenMoa »ole»— remarkably cool
•t th* r^pular values.
S«f" « to S remilarly fl.K. for
Friday and Saturday.. na.tr. Rt.lO
Friday and Saturday.. pair. R1.4O
Pliee im to i. regularly J2.M. for
Friday and Saturday. .pair. I»1.T«»
CHIt.PnKN**S AND MISSES' FINK
CALF SHOF.S-AI1 *Ues^ln Jae»
and in butten in rirrs from « to 11
—an vnumially rood shoe at the
tvmlar veillnr prices.
Pt»:es < to 8. regular xelllnir prle-
ILSS. for Friday and Saturday...
pair, fli.lO
Kli» 8Vf to U. regular r>»nin?
price |LT6. for Friday and Putur.
"ay p»j r> »i.4o
Fises JiH to i reirolar f»Uln^
rrice J2. for Friday and P«ti~. !
<lay pklr. Hl.Tn
All the Above shivs are iruamnte^i'
to Trear Trell and a new pair will
be frlven to any one If any «hoe
meritionrd above does not wear a«
It fhould.
Special Friday offer of ertraordln-
pry lnterert— our (Treat $3.50 enamel
Oxford* with extension sole and
broad toe— op« of the most stylinh
apd *ea»oTiable ohoeo In our »tock.
will be. offered for Friday onlv «t ¦
pair. $2.0.% I
rVFOR M £ R LY i-UCK EJX* £|
V832 MARKET SZS&H
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Breakfast Table Triumph.
Mt Brettt Foofl
The Popular Hot Weather
Breakfast Dish.
Malt Breakfast Food is the greatest
triumph amongst foods ever provided for
the breakfast table. Its delicious flavor
and great nutritive properties make it in-
valuable for well and healthy people, in-
valids and convalescents. It builds up
solid flesh and strengthens bones, muscles,
and tissues. Malt Breakfast Food is fast
superseding oatmeal' and other grain
foods. At all grocers.
CAN SAVE ONE-THIRDir
On ¦ eyeglasses \ or spectacles by |
getting* them -of -'Maxwell;- The . ,
reason, is. that, he pays only $25 a
month'- rent, :¦ while- his competi- .
tor pays $250 per month.
Broken lenses duplicated. ~
; ; EJ MAXWELL, Optician,
; "Room.-42,' sixth- floor,.' Academy ' ,
i°,« Sciences Bldg.. 819 MABJKET
SJ..KJEET. - • .¦ « . ¦ I
JAKE THE ELEVATOR. :