*=tj53 HE habits of the pilfering woodr&t.
which Bteals all kinds of things and
Ji leaves In their places all other kinds
of things, are often as exasperating
as Interesting, but a man In Arizona has
all kinds of reasons for blessing this rat.
N. B. Ingoldsby i was spending several
months near Mammoth, on the San Pedro
River. In hunting and making & collection
of minerals. He was much annoyed by
the disappearance of small articles from
his camp. He was alone -and he set a
watch, being rewarded by seeing the thief.
a big "trading rat." It Interested Ingolds
by to note the variety of things left by
the rat in place of those stolen. Tha
presents consorted mainly of bits of wood
and s'one. One day, to comfort him for
the loss of a silver spoon, a piece of
quartz carrying free gold was left, and*
Ingoldsby opened wide his eyes. After
several , Ineffectual attempts ' he followed
the rat to its. home In the ledge from
which the quartz was taken.'
Now Ingoldsby has located a paying
gold mine and he calls it th« Rat Hole
mine.
Jrading Rat Jhowad Jfim a
CJold Mine.
sapphire, lapis lazuli, and after that
whiter
Others whom I know of as having re
ceived the mandarin rank are Sir Robert
Hart. General Gordon, Bishop Favier and
Detrien. '-"¦ ¦
I have read In the American papers
lately many reports that Li Hung Chans
was aylng. These I do not believe.
To be sure he is TB^year* old. .He can
not walk without the assistance of two
men. But he knows the value of preserv
ing his health, and with this In view he
lives with the greatest regard for the
laws of health. He is In bed at 8 o'clock;
every night
I do not believe that he la dyin*. H»
Is the most alive man that I know.
has always been on his mettle to make •
a good appearance before foreigners. r.
In the cours j of time, as our friendship
advanced. It was announced to me with,
due Chines© solemnity that the rani? of
mandarin was to be conferred upon me
as reward for services rendered. There
was much red tap* about the affair, but
the upshot was that two officials were
srnt to my home with the full insignia
of rank. Then I sot a mandarin costume
and paraded In my splendid toggery. .
My. button Is the translucent blue, or
papphire one. This Is the third rank of
button. Ruby- red Is Tor the Emperor;
opaque red. the coral, comei next; then
as only the Chinese know how to pro
duce/ySSa
At his dinners which I have attended
he had always an elaborate menu In
many courses. These dinners were a
matter of great pride with -him. for he
nificence In them. They are both adorned
In rich embroideries and carvings such
have a private theater In the house, and
LJ has one of these in hl3 home in th©
Temple of Peking. Traveling performer*
are called in and they give a play, mach
like the ones seen in the, Chinese theater
here. ¦
I used to visit at both of the homes
In Peking and In the yamen or mandarin
residence, and I saw much Oriental mag-
his hands— «o greedy that rauen of It t»
never allowed to pass. On the othar hand,
he delights la entertaining, and that lav
ishly. He gives magnificent . dinners to
the foreigners at Peking, entertamra*
them In their native style, with the «x
ception that he gives Chines* theatricals
after the dinner. This Is according to
the custom of all rich and fashlonaW»
people of his race. It Is customary to
received the viceregal, command \ to
...
come to the viceregal residence every
day and spend the hours from 5 to 7
in conversation. Mr. Chamot tells the
Etory of these visits.
By August Chamot.
1'T.WAS like Li Hung Chang for' all the
world to send foV me - in this wav.
"When he wants a thing he, demands 11.
He has been In the habit of having
pretty much his own way for snm->
seventy-six years, and , the habit is fixed.'
I found that what he .wanted me fur
¦was to talk to him about foreign lands;
to tell him foreign Jokes: to translate to
him foreign papers, and, above all, to let
him poke fun at me. This he does at ev
ery one. and is never so pleased- with hts
own Jokes as when a foreigner Is. the vic
tim of them. I poked fun back at him,
and together we would have , as Jolly a
time as two school boys. . ,
"Why did your mother endow you with
ears so big?" he asked me one. day.
"Are they so big?" said L . J.
"Yes, and your mouth is big ; and your
nose! Oh, how did she ever, come to give
you a nose bd big?" he exclaimed.,
"Did you ever look In the glass at your
own nose?" I retorted.. , . ,>
"Yes," replied he, "and -I have seen
V~%t It is large, but I would > willingly
wager that it cannot compare in size with
yours," and he chuckled -gleefully over
this Chinese form of banter.;. Together we
looked In the if ass and defended our re
spective noses even then, and at' last had
to call in an umpire, who dared.not,de
cide against the Viceroy, so he won, and,
I have never thought, fairly.
Hede.llghts- In pitting foreigners again rt
each other and'thus having a little- war. of
nations for his own amusement. "• I" have
seen " him!*" Invite .In-'- a German • and a,
Frenchman; " say to the one, "Hefr/flv;
aml-%) has. boen" telling, me' that- you; 1*1 •
often. Monsieur ¦ Thls--and-That','' • in"',hln
serene manner! Theni before, there*; Is time
for reply, to the other :\ ¦* ': •
'-.'.'Monsieur^ Thls-and-That : calls you an
imbecile,*- Herri So-»*hI-So." • •
'.t Then, when he i has. them fighting like a
dog , and a cat, ;, what, fun for him ' to lean
back and watch them:and llsten ; ,with'his
narrow 'eyes- almost closed and' his satir
ical -.little, smile playing In one corner of
the mouth. | .'.-''*'•
His eyes are never opened widely; most
narrow of all they grow-Vhe,n he 13 list
ening to important affairs of business or
statecraft. At such times they often close
entirely; be leans: far back in his chair
and nods his head. „ When one is ; through
talking, he- will rouse as if- from a nap
and inquire, "Let^me see, were, yo<|, talk
ing?" And if you' are a stranger; to tiln
ways, you may fancy that he did notitake
in the full meaning ; of everv.. word ; that
you uttered until. you nnd him, acting up
on that same information which you (have
furnished him. . , ; ; '
; He 'never grows, tired of reading, foreign
papers * and having ' r , them translated ; ami
explained .to him. People .say that." he; is
not progressive: ; that- he wants. to keep
China back in her present darkness. - 1 do
not believe this. /,' He watches i constantly
the ; affairs - of . 'other nations \ and -- learns
from, them, but he cannot lead his people
by^! branching [ \ tqo far * away; from "f them,'
and, he knows this. It is told that whon
a snake -,wa*s washed upon ; the shore * cf
th» .Yellow . River; and ; people ¦ were '{ goirg
from fair and Vide to bow down before it,\
LI : Went; r too.*/" Some were' surprised .". that
he.^by birth a Confucian^ and ¦therefore ai",
agnostic, * should •' do so. ¦ . ' "la r there" any.'
reason -why • I should go : against the ; f eel- v
lrigs" of > my/ countrymen? where their* pre
juiices are so 1 ' strong?" 'said he., MB
is And • yet so much. '.' oh, bo much, I of ; him j.
ltT Chinese.' ; He } has brought *up his ' seven
children after; the -manner of a , Celestial
and his ' advanced Ideas never, penetrate
to 'the Inmost recesses' of 'his home. The
Bon'of whom'hejs so proud— a 27-year-old
. man;- and 'a' married man 'at that— la
iiever allowed by/! his . father to • go upon .
the* street •' alonp.' -This" Is 'what paternal
discipline means In China; . ' : /-.'"..
'? He' Is fond ' both 'of "spending ¦ and ac-" -
- quiring* money,'-:..!! He Is greedy for
commission money .that passes through
TTGUST CHA2COT Is proud of
ff\ being one of the half-dozen
foreigners ever honored. with
. the rank of mandarin in China. "
China, xrith all her traditions and
superstitions and conservatisms, does
net hand out a mandarin' button to .
every chance comer. In fact, she keeps
them so deep dovm in her pocket
that even the chosen of her own
people have a long and arduous maze
of statecraft to penetrate before they
rxhieve that rank which is the prizs
held out to every small boy's indus
try. It is much as an. American
mother says, "Johnny can never be- \
come President unless he learns the
twelve multiplication tables.',' ' The
Chinese mother speeds the procrasti
jir.tor echoolward with, "Hasten to
thy trLEk if thou wouldst in time be
ccine a mandarin, my son."
<•* The button is held up before ever/
•Vadding imagination. ' Therefore,
Das Hr. Chamot not a right topjrida
himself that the translucent blue "
button, the second in rank below that
of royalty, adorns his cap? '* ¦
It came to him as a result of his
personal experiences with Li Hung
Chang. In the year 1895, when the
•war with Japan was being given its
finishing touches, Li was obliged to
go to Japan to conclude negotiations,
and he took Chamot with him as in
terpreter. From that time dates the
friendship. In Ilarch, you will re
member, the war drew to a close. To
Shimcnoseki Li set eff, accompanied
by his secretary, W. M. Pettick, and
his interpreter.
On the 24th of March he attended
a peace conference with Count Ito
and Viscount Mutan. They were ths
peace plenipotentiaries who were set
tling affairs for the Mikado. The con
ference passed smoothly and all
seemed going well when the attack
occurred which came near starting
over again the contest of two warring
nations.
Li was in a carriage returning to
his lodging, when Hoynma Eokuno- 1
suki, a miserable fanatic, a man who
had been known as belonging to the
criminal classes and had been impris- .
cned for previous crime, shot him.
The bullet penetrated tha left cheek'
a centimeter below the eye, and made *
a wound three centimeters deep. *
Li was taken to his lodgings and
there was a great ado. The Emperor
sent regards, the Empress sent twa <
nurses. Surgeons Sato and Ishimuro i
r i cane hastening, by imperial command i
to care for the distinguished guest, j
They wanted to probe for the bullet
and announced their intention.
Chamot translated to ILL Xii half
arose from his couch, which was the
most he could do, and raised a storm
of protest.
"I 'will not permit it!" he cried,
end his words were translated.
"But " began Dr. Sato. '
"But " echoed Dr. Ishimuro.
"I will not permit it!" shouted 11 \
again, and again Chamot translated, j
The difficulties Chamot went through 1
between those doctors and the stub- <
born patient were nacre than anybody '
can imagine. For a long time Li held
out and could not be persuaded to ,
have the bullet probed for. He was
afraid of the instruments, doubting <
their cleanness.
Chemot endeavored to explain, xs
did others, and in time Li came to ,
see that risking an operation would
fce for his best good. Through all the <
tedious process of his recovery Li and
' his interpreter became fast friends, *
' and that friendship the old man ,
never forgot. t
* After the war was thoroughlyj>ver 1
affairs -of 6tate became less urg-ent '
and Li had more time for sociab^Jty. <
It was in the year 1897 that Chamot 3
PAQE <5 * t=~~=^— * XfyS y^VSFl :i^t^.^^::t{^!^|^ ~—^=^^-^ PAGE - 5
page lillii^jiliift Foster the Man--Bfe'fe.0<R^S«-PAQE 8
HOW
AUGUST CHAMOT OF
SAN FRANCISCO
WAS MADE A
MANDARIN,Onca jhe lay 111 for weeks with ¦ a dread
ful; fever. - He. was verv near ; to i'deathV
The natives," who then valued his services/ 1
wanted • to keep • him- ¦live,' and ' they min
is tered to him In their crude way and
practiced superstitious' arts to ; drive, the
evil spirit 1 out r of;hlm. * BuUfhe- recovered
by s'omo miracle.
sails of: distant ships from .tho
Island In two years, and when each, sail
faded ; from • view across the tossing blue
of the/ Pacific he resolved to abandon all
hope of ever living' other than that among
the island savages. He learned to fish
and 'swim "as the natives. He became as
wonderfully adept at aauatlc feats as
any ; of ; the" uncommon- fwimmers on the
Island. Ho constantly declined; marriage
with r the; kanaka girls' and he was " kept
busy ; mknufacturlng* "excuses \ for - prefer
ring to remain single^^where boys and girls
of seventeen who were unmarried 'were
curiosities." \
[ tattooed on the arms ind thighs. When
at length the agony and ; torture of * r the
:wa«; finished; Holden, could not
have been recognized by his own mother.:
He had long hair, a prodigious growth of
whiskers, his' face' arid ' im nds were browri
ed-from the hot sunshine," and he was a
mass of tattooed designs from neck "to
feet. Later, when he had learned the lan
guage of his captors, lit* found that * his
was the most elaborate case of tattooing
known on the island /or a generation;" an 1
that- ho was" then lmmuned< from ¦'petty,
cruelties by. the ¦kanakas, about him., Y
, When two years , passed ; away and , Hol
'den. saw there was no possible return"* to
civilization lie became _mbre reconciled , to
his 'life amid the kanakas. ¦ Her became
popular, with: tho] natives/, and' he -'was ' no
longer V. subjected to .hard', work. .-Ho
was; counseled Vwithj by ;the , ;chlef
of : the ; Island and u looked -. \ up .; to
by. the men generally. . He saw four
One day In the spring several natives
ran shouting to the chief that a white
man's Droa was out at sea off the west
coast. The whole settlement was wild.
Holden was terribly moved, as may Well
be imagined, at "the sight of a ship and
sail: so near the coast line, but he dared
not show his emotions to his watchful and
suspicious captors, who had many a time
said they never meant to lose him from
among; them. Going down on the beach.
Holden saw several ' proa canoes • filling
with kanakas. Holden. feigning Indiffer
ence, got into one' In which the chief was'
Every one was so excited at the wonder
ful visiting ship that no attention was
paid to Holden's suppressed eagerness
and emotion.* ' •
¦*?h. e oroas were .paddled out two miles
toward ;th« shb. Then none of the sav
ages dared go within a mile of the ' craft.
Several proas started .back .' to ' the short
because the kanakas in them were afraid
of capture by the white men. Holden
vainly begged and entreated the men m
' the Droa with him to go nearer the ship-
It waa all he could do to keep them from
starting for the shore. Finally, he waved
his hands, hallooed and whistled with hla
fingers, to draw attention from the «hip.
Twice the kanakas In the boat were ready
to paddle buck to the Island and let tha
ship go, but Holden begged them to wait
and get gifts from the rich White men on
. the ahlti.
-At last, after he had exhausted hla lung
power, be saw a yawl let down from the *
ship's duvits*. The boat came cautiously
within a" quarter of a mile from tha pro*'"""
Holden saw that the sailors had no Idea
that_they were looking at a whits man.
fof his hair and whiskers were then Uk-j
Samson's and his color like that of his
kanaka associates. As the • yawl 4r«w
(Continued .qn'Pag* Thre&>
The whole population e>aV some part of
the' tattooing, and hundreds of .men and
women spent days in .watching with* grins
and. laughter the .writhing and ; flinching
of Holden under the operation of the"tat
tooers. The flesh' at' timeV, became ;bwo1-,
len, livid and angry under the pricking of .
the? poisonous fluid Into it hour after hour.
Crude designs of birds Verio tattooed ..on .':
the man's chest.' .Trees t and lilies word ,
When young Holden had been upon.the
Hawaiian island for a period that seemed
to him about ten months, for he; had "no
means of gauging the flight of time, the'
three chiefs that seemed to have most to
do with him decided that he should be tat
tooed in order to be more like Vthemselvcs
and so that he could never get away from
the tribe. Holden did not know what was
to be done when he was stretched out: on
the grass by a dozen powerful kanakas
nnd tied prone to posts and trees ho that
he could not move a muscle. In vain he
tried to tell as best he could in : the mew
tongue that he would servo his masters
•always and never murmur If he ( might be
spared the new ordeal of, wholesale tat
tooing. All his body, except his hands,
face and feet, were subjected to tattooing.
An Indelible fluid/obtained . from a," tropl- ~l
cal plant like the indigo.: was used.'Doz
ens of. tattooing Instruments, •- all having .-'
sets of, minute thorns and prickers In dlf-"
ferent forms, were used. There were mil
lions of pricks into the flesh. One hideous
design alone on Holden's ; shoulder re
quired seven days of physical anguish and
tens of thousands of flesh ; punctures.
Every other day for seven months the
tattooing of the white man proceeded..
ordeals with the fingernails. _ Occasion
ally he was lacerated by a kanaka cuttlnc
at his inviting bare back, but when the
savage joke grew ancient and he showed
that he accepted, his unhappy lot .with
resignation and . that he could - eat raw
fish and rotting vegetables the 'same as
his swarthy captors, he%was treated more
considerately. ¦ : # "." '¦'.:
awoke to the pain of a consuming fire.
He never believed he could recover from
the agony of the raging, burning cuticle
all over his body. Ills master, the chief,
came and looked at him and ordered sev
eral women, to attend to the suffering
man, but they were so curious to observe
the agony of sunburn on a whtto man's
pkln that they were only a source of an
noyance and petty torture rather thanUn
aid to the sufferer.
In a week young Holden's pain was past
and a new and delicately tender cuticle
began to form. The black natives 'came
in swarms to see him and observe what
was to them an extraordinary thing— the
formation of a new white skin-. One morn-
Ing, when Holden waa lying on his face
and stomach, weak and discouraged, a
party of Jabbering kanakas sat about
curiously observing the only white man
they had ever seen. Suddenly one of tha
kanakas sneaked over to the outstretched,
drowsy Holdcn and with his long, hawk
like fingernails, sharp as razors. on both,
hands, scraped away at one sweep down
the body the tender flesh from the neck
to the knees. If redhot Irons had been
slowly drawn down the body of the young
man it would not have been more agoniz
ing than were the eight bleeding stripes
of raw, quivering flesh that the kanaka's
fingernails left. -'iV'V •-•-¦<--.-<
The kanakas roaret. and Ehouted at the
humor of the thing, and for months after
ward Holden . would see them imitating
his agony at that time, while knots of
spectators laughed , and laughed - Even
little boys used to Imitate Hftlden's dread
ful pain at the time his tender cuticle was
torn away In strips by the kanaka.
When the young castaway had recov
ered from his sunburn and lacerated
wounds*' ahd a new skin had been formed
he wa^ kept busy, while. off duty from
work dodging stones and clubs • that were
thrown at him to create fun for the dusky
populace. He was ever watchful lest,'un
av.ares,- he might be treated * to other
•J ORACE HOLDEN of Salem, Or.,
1 \ is probably the very first American
j I who lived In the Sandwich Islands.
~^/ Many people put him first among
all the white men who lived on any.
". of the Hawaiian group. Captain Cook
antedated Mr. Holden forty-one years, but
Captain Cook never spent more than a
few weeks on either of his two visits in
the archip»Iago. The story of the life that
Mr. Holden led among his dusky captors,
the manner of his appearance among the
Hawiians and his final escape from them
¦ are as Interesting as a chapter from
••Robinson Crusoe" or "Swiss Family
nobir.son."
Horace Holden is white haired and
fqfeb'c. He has lived quietly in Salem for
thirty years and is known by thousands
of people here ; Very few people who have
met this apod, quiet, modest man daily for
years on the streets there have any idea
of what extraordinary experiences have
been his. and no story writer has yet
known what a volume of thrilling tales
migV.t be formed from the adventures Mr.
Holden has had. Mr. Ho!den was born in
a little viUage in New Hampshire In June,
1S10. ¦Ho was a sailor by Instinct.- and
from his earliest boyhood his dreams and
as-piratlons were all cf the sea and life in
strange lands r.cioss.the broad ocean. In
3*2?. the year he was IS. he went on hi*
first long voyage. "With the famous old
whaler, the stanch Mentor, he salleJ out
¦cf the great port of Bedford, Mass., one
October day. The crew were all experi
enced whalers and had been with the.
Maxtor almost from pole to pole In pur
suit of whale oil and whalebone. Now
they were embarked for a two years* voy
cge around the Horn and up the Pacific
Coast. Young Holden eagerly accepted
the chance to sail on the whaling voyage
tnd to see new parts of the world. That
was ten years before Richard Henry Dana
ealled from New Bedford and made the
voyage so famous in his "Two Years Be
fore the Mast."
The whaling ship rounded the Horn !n
January. 1S29. and proceeded up the ccast
toward the whaling fields in the North
Pcdflc The voyage proceeded without
incident until one densely dark night.
May 21, 1S2S. when the Mentor, while in a
terrific storm, was tossed upon a ledge of
rocks. Later it was found that the rocks
were Immense coral reefs. The shin tra?
wrecked and everything on board was
lost, and | all the" crew but two were
washed away ar.d drowned In the rearing.
Fiirgir.g sea. In some unaccountable way*
yrung Horace Holden and a fellow-sailor
¦were carried to a coral reef projecting
above the water. When daylight came
the famished, drenched and terrified men
mw tfcat they were within sight of land.
.All that £ay they clung to the coral. At
FiiTiret a dr.zen long, canoelike boats, pad
dled by naked, yelling savages, came out
to Holden and his companion. The coffee
colored men had seen the ¦wreck and had
mm* out to look it over more closely.
The two sailors were taken to one of th«
Islands of the Hawaiian group. The par
t'cular Island Mr. Holden believes was
Hilo. from the descriptions he has sine»
read cf that island. Thousands of the
rude natives were on the shore 'when the
tnv» white men landed there from a canoe.
Hrr-at excitement wa? created among th?
*avage?. and th» news that there were
two real !ive white men on th» island was
'carried to th* Iribes inland. For days Mr.
Holden and his companion were regarded
with ir.tonse timidity and curiosity. The
I!awal:ai:s came and lived near the
Tnen with "-hlto skins so as to satisfy
their curiosity concerning the habits and
mode of !ifo amonc the wonderful stran
gers. Great throngs of native men and
women, nimcst rss nude ss the day they
were born, wovld feel the flesh of the
white oaptives. pinch the white skin an-i
twirl the fine hair In their fingers to see
whether it was all natural. Children In
droves viewed Holden and his companion
• from safe distances and ran screamlnz
to their mothers Ir the white men moved
toward them. The srreater part of the
Islanders paied ¦with superstitious wonder
"at young Holden and his companion, and
In order to make the captives like them
selves they tore the clothing from the
young men and left them to run naked as
themselves. The young Americans never
went otherwise during their long stay on
the Hawaiian island.
TVhen the curiosity wore away and the.
superstitious wonder of the natives had
.turned to contempt, because the white
men were not so agile at tree climbing
and enduring in aquatic feats as them-
Bdres, the natives began a series of hor
rible abuses upon the poor prisoners. whr>
were terrified lest any act of theirs or
Bcrae untoward circumstance might anger
the dusky savages to murder ahd canni
balism.
( For weeks and months Halden and hi?
companion never slept at the samel time.
They were ceaselessly watchful of the
savages. One always feigned Bleep, but
kept awake, fearing that some horrible
fate was In store fcr both of them. The
Hawaiian*, however, probably never had
any thought of making food of the whita
men, but rather to make ihem providers
cf food. AH manner of tricks to worry
and torment the castaways .were prac
ticed. Stones and missiles would be
thrown at the two men, and when the
latter would run and- dodge «nd scramble
out of range as beet they, could the Ha
waiians would roll and scream with
laughter. Holden and his companion,
nude as they alwayn were, would be tied
to trees where mosquitoes and gnats wer«s
numerous and the Kanaka women and
children would sit for hours reveling in
the scene of two -vJ.Ite. men Jabbering, in
a tongue unknown to them and squirming
and wriggling at the stlnge of a cloud
of insect*. It took weeks before H*olden
could eat the food of the natives, but
rather than starve he became an adept at
<ating raw mullet right from the water,
and of rolling li\-e :><iui<l flesh under his
tongue. ' His companion, however, slck
:*<ened and wasted away under the treat
ment he tiad at the hands of the natives,
and one # day he was found dead on the
f eashore. where he hud crawled to take a
long farewell look acro.-s the waters to
tvhrre he imagined was his home.
Along with about fine hundred and fifty
other slaves— black-«kinned men, wlio had
be*n taken in recent warfare on some ad
jacent Island— Holden was set at .work in
a taro field, owned by a chief, whom the
white young man had been taught was
his master. The heat* under the fierce
tropic sun in the interior- of the lslar.3
almost roasted Itoidcn. In- vain he mo
tioned to the dusky boss, who sat In tho
shade r.ear at £anj and watched the
slaves work, that he was suffering under
the Intense heat, bat the Hawaiian only
grinned derisively and* ordered the white
man back to his task. '
In two days Holden'g body was scorched
and burred to such a degree that" It doea
. not seem any one could have been so sun
burned and outlived it. He was carried
unconscious to a spring and thrown in
ihe shade of palms. There the cool breezes
of evening restored consciousness. , lie
THE SUNDAY CALL. ,cY
2
FIRST AMERICANS WHO LIVED IN THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDSFIRST flyHSRTCAN • WPjO'tiyeb W TR5
go unimproved. The kanakas were rest
less and had laid down their spears and
taken up their paddles to , go back; to
shore.
"For God's sake save me, save me!" he
cried to the sailors.
¦ "Swim to ' us and we will," one of them
replied.
"But look at their spears," called
Holden.
"Dive and ; swinv under water out of
spear range," came the reply. . •
[*It '.was an awfully .desperate ' moment.
Holden ; looked eagerly ;V across ~\ the water.
It was a full 600 yards to the rowboaU
He glanced about htm at the seven-kana
kas in theproa. Each' of : them r was ; in
tently watching the 'white men
in .the* rowboat. He took in the;' situation
at a glance. If he. 'could •': awim^urider
water until out of range of the spears he
was safe, > but ¦ that ,was ' an * extraordlriary
task. Besides,* the . : naked fellows In' tho
pro,a.were;asready to'dIvelin r after.!hImV
' ¦ ¦ ¦•' t ¦ ¦' '¦ i'^sagw^w-a
and, they^ were as! fine swimmers as he.
The . decision was made as quick as a
flaBh;" r'.;.' .;,.:;-" ...;¦¦::¦ V. '.".'./-.•:. .'.
'¦ "Hold up.' I'll risk it anyhow," he called
to the ! sailors.;' He ' threw his • head i back,
and % quickly . drawing : . 'air ', deep* ; into L : his
chest,| he'; inhaled r f6rj : the mlghtiestTeffort
tosave^hls^llfe. ,¦ ¦ A' kanaka -saw-Holden's
movements ':. and , kney/ what .they, meant
if j the , English ; words? had ; fallen on dull
ears.. .The v kanaka) shouted and rose'- to
grasp ' Holden^ ; He was a hair's breadth
too -late,'., Holderij; had his foot upon .the
gunwale "of the proa.^and In a' twinkling
he had plunged beneath the surface of the
water. \> Several ! kanakas V hurled
their willowy spears Rafter hlrii, buttthey
were {tod/ exclt'ed.%;' Several r others began
paCdllng ; after', him, :¦; but /a ; gun ; fired ;' at'
them' from the rowboat ' of the' Ballon ter^ 1
rifled the savages so" that they, dared not
go nearer/; .. '\-'-'' : - -"'¦'>
Meanwhile : ; Holden ,wasV still under
water. The sailors "g^6t r up and Bcanned tha
water for - his earliest ; appearance \above
the; surface. The / kanakas • in the .. proa
stood , gazing ¦' about, ; with spears - poised
In their powerful : right : hands,'; ready/ to
trarsflx'the swimmer the Instant his head
became : visible. V Still the .¦•white" man iwais
under : water] The '¦¦ sailors were sure he
had gone] down > to a grave In '; the ] oceans
They, had ! seen .wonderful feats ' of subma
rine, swimming, ; but never; anything ; like
this. ; Theyj did I riot know: the supremacy,
of .'';¦ this ; mighty : physical effort of ; the
stranger who ; had " called ? to , them." ¦. They
did not realize that this *was a perform
arice'-that": meant '; lifejorv death, 'escape or
lifelong 'captivity .among savages, a. resto-f
ration ¦ to;: home, '{mother; and all ; that is
dear and blessed In llfei or'servltude'ln its
vilest f orin: - It - was; a time when air the
physical ; force ; that \ young j Holden could
summon in . his , behalf must do Its (resit**
estiwork.-' ' "/•.':•;: :¦' --"..'> '.-¦ :.
'•:' So on arid on he swam beneath the wiU.er.'
At", last, "when ' he ": could ' . not ' hold hjj
breath another second, even if he escaped
by i doing. so, .and when his brain seemed
on fire from the long imprisonment under
water, he came . to the ; surface of the
ocean. 1 It was a marvelous feat He was
out of range of the greatest' spearman in
the Sandwich Islands." ' For a few minutes
he paddled , slowly,: about -. until ';; he could
breathe." Then he yelled to the sailors In
the rowboat. They pulled toward him and
he was hauled, "exhausted , and * almost
fainting into ¦ the boat.- The kanakas In
the proa, seeing this, paddled swiftly. back
tojshore. ... ' , ," . ', .'¦¦/. .
Half dead with ; excitement at his deliv
erance and exhaustion . from ' his supreme
effort in diving, young Holden was carried
on board the ship, which proved to be the
Britannia, In the i English merchant ser
vice.' t' Holden -was shorn of his locks and
whiskers^arid^ became 'a -pet of the fore
castle. His stories^ of , his adventures on
the strange island of the Sandwich group
always i had an ' audience. . It waa on Oc
tober 20, \ 1834, that he was ' taken aboard
the Britannia. ;; 1 1 was the ! first ' calandar
day for. month' he ¦ had' known in ' his five
and a half years among the kanakas. He
went to Llntln, s China,. on. the Britannia.
There i he ; shipped ; for. Cadiz. Spain, and
from % there ? to % New k York. 1 ; He i reached
New Bedford early In 'the'" summer of. 1835,
nearer Holden was able to call in English
to them, and be says he almost swooned
with delight to hear his own tongue
spoken In reply. None of the kanakas,
who sat open mouthed and wondering
near him in the proa, understood a word
of English.
"Come nearer. I am a poor castawa'y
sailor and I want you to Bave me from
these savages," he shouted, when he knew
he could be iieard. .
"We don't want to.be speared, by those
devils in the canoe with you," one of the
sailors returned.
Holden urged the sailors to come a little
nearer and make a sudden demonstration
against, the savages, while he could escape
to the sailors' boat, but the sailors did not
want to risk their lives against the pois
oned spears, besides all .sailors knew th<i
frightful fate that befell' Captain James
Cook and his crew on the ¦ shore of the
Sandwich Islands.
The ship signaled the yawl to return.
Hoi den saw the signal. ''"His -heart) beat
fast and his brain whirled. . He realized
it wa3 . then or never. ' He i was doomed
to a lifetime of barbarism and slavery, on
a lonely ' island If - he let another minute
ways with empty pockets. No. questions
are asked. What would be the use? '
The corpse is left at the morgue for a
day or two, then, if it is unclaimed, it is
burled in the potter's plat and the un
known suicide is forgotten.
And what point of view does the rescued
suicide take of life, and what are the
thoughts of the ."man overboard"?
Only those who have come back from
the watery grave can tell us.
An old German who was rescued says:
"It's a most lonely feeling— and the fer
ry-boat so far awav, and It's a poor way
for a good swimmer to try to die."
After his plunge the German immediate
ly struck out for the beat! But he says
he felt as though he had weights on his
feet. His heavv shoes and clothes became
water-soaked, and he was, picked up by
the ferry going the other way, which got
to him first.
He was taken to the County Hospital,
and next morning he wanted to know if
the account of his attempted suicide was
in the paper, "because,", he saldj "I want
her to read it."
A drunk- who Jumped. overboard was In
stantly sobered. He said when he looked
back at the ferry he wanted to come back
and live some iriore. .
"And' It's Tterrlble cold, arid the boat; Is
so slow and you can get so tired!" he
complained. • - . ¦. ,
Verily, one of the effects of drink Is to
make the entire universe center around
the drunk!
But one young woman who was rescued
is grateful to her rescuers.
"She jumped from • the ¦ ferry-boat . and
was going under for - the ' third and last
time when we pot her. I shall never forget
her screams," says the second mate,
whose duty It is to take the body. In .'over
the stern of the lifeboat.'
"A woman : suicide always screams," he
says, "and the suicide scream is different
from anything you ever heard. Sometimes
I hear It in my dreams. It Is terrible!"
Years of experience ha vo ; trained the
crew and the wharfmen to size up a
would-be suicide at sight.
The woman who comes on board In a
crying and nervous condition is watchel
from the time she leaver till the time sha
lands.
Perhaps the wharfhand notices her
first; then he says to the deckhani.
"Watch her!".;
A drunken man usually talks about what
he Is going to do and then he can be
¦watched and headed 'off.
Then, again, ' so varied are the forms
of human nature that the man with sui
cidal Intentions In his *ieart Is no different
sometimes in outward appearances froia
the ordinary commuter.
One old fellow once Daced the deck
leisurely and enioked his pipe; then he
went over to the side of the boat and put
his foot on the rail and grasped the post
¦ for support. .
"You're riot going overboard, old man,
ere you?" 1 asked the deckhand.
"No." said the* old fellow. "That would
be a; shame. Better struggle along with
life. Don't you think *o?'"
"Yes," said the deckhand, and as he
turned he ; heard a sarcastic laugh and
then a splash. The poor old inan's strug
gles, with life were over. He jumped from
the forward deck and was probably hit
by the wheel and Instantly killed, for his
body; was never found.
•,'Good-by.. ladles." called a stole, as he
Jumped from the ' upper forward deck.
"It's lip to you." ,
It was afterward found that h« was dls«
appointed In love. He had set his heart
on a woman and this. was the eve of her
marriage with another man. ¦, •
Like Adam, he laid /the blame on the
woman* And the woman said he waa
brave.'
This little note was left by a younz
woman. whoVhad Jumped overboafd:
.••You. who read this will think I am a
"This fellow flashed a pistol on a pas
senger who tried to step him.
" 'Let me alone.' he said, 'and you
needn't try to find me. for I don't even
want to see a human being again.'
' "He got his -wish. He was probably
laden. with weights to keep him down. f,n"
he never came to the surface.
"Now, there Is the strangest cas* on
record." paid the mate, pointing to an
entry which read: 'Feb. 17. 1S97— Manuel
Garcia Jumped from the bow of the boat.
Rescued.' It was the 10:43 trip from San
Francisco. Think' of it! He must have
under the boat without being hit by
the wheels. He said he remembered pass
ing through a great roar. "We picked him
up about a mile back. He was almost
done for and very much frightened.
"Suiddletus," declared the mate, "la a
mania— a disease— a germ that gets Into
the air once in a while and always multi
plies — they come in crops."
The mate Is right. Two or three months
are filled with suicide records In bis log
book, and then a stretch of months and
no suicide occurs.
"Oct. 21. *9S. On 11:45 p. m. trip from
Ban Francisco Mrs. Mamie Taylor jumped
from the port side. Identified by hat and
purse left on board."
A few davs later:
"Oct. 28. '93. "Woman Jumped from up
per starboard deck. aft. Rescued. She re
fused to give her name. It was the 10:30
p. m. trip from Oakland. She Jumped as
the boat was nearlng the slip on the San
Francisco side."
"Women stand a better chance of being
rescued than men," said the mate. "Their
clothes act as balloons to keep them up
for a few moments, and at such times
every moment counts.
"Besides, they scream, and if it ts dark
we can locate them. Now this girl -was
like a bell buoy and although ; it was &
dark night we got her. Her silk sktrt was
Inflated and she sat on the water, scream-
"She apologized right away far causing
us so much trouble and then began to
cry and sob and say how she couldn't
str.nd the disgrace of It all and Fred had
promised to marry her and he had gone
to the Klondike.
"An 'old German who used to play the
zither comes next in the * suicide book—
but he was stopped in time.
"After he had finished playing' he said
to his friends. 'Well, I guess 'I go throw
me onto the bay.' He was climbing over
boa rd when he was nulled back. "
"Within a few days another musician,
a barytone, did something similar.
"He had a beautiful vole© and had Just
finished singing 'Rocked In -the Cradle oS
the Deep. 1 He went out and jumped over.
It was dark and we didn't even see his
body."
Then comes an account In the mate's
book of a young man who reached over
the railing after his straw hat that had
blown off and he fell over and lost bis
life.
Next, two girls who had been drinking
said "What's the use?" and they, stepped
over, and were lost.
The next record is of a little miss Just
starting In on her. teens whose whole life
was blackened because she couldn't wear
her best clothes So she put on bar old
clothes and walked off the aft deck of in*
ferry-boat Just as It was leaving the Oak
land pier. She was rescued, scolded and
sent " home.
. 7Now that girl.** said the mate pointing
to the next entry "tried suicide five times.
She", tried; the ga.o route, carbolic , add*
chloroform and twice on the bay, but b ha
was a pood swimmer arid kept up* until
wo -reached her."
"She jumped from the starboard deck
aft, 1 while the- ~ boat waa passing Goat
Island. That's where the majority of sul
cides. make their death ' leap.'' he said as
he ; closed . his suicide book and uncoiled
the rop« on th«* forward deck, stretching
It across to keep the crowd back whlla
th« boat landed. ISABEL FRASER.
*A If AN overboard!" The cry struck
/ \/\ terror to every heart as It was
I Y I echoed down the deck of the
j^ Oakland ferry.
We crowded out on the deck
and looked at the sullen waters that had
but Just swallowed up their voluntary
¦ prey.
The epot where the man had gone down
¦was marked by his hat — a silent testimo
nial of faithfulness to Its master in
death's dark hour— by Its very worthlpss
r.ej=s drawing- pity for the wreck below.
The ferry-boat slowed up and stopped
The lifeboat was lowered and manned am".
«ill pulled together, steering toward the
hat.
t But the tide was strong: and the boat
seemed to make no progress. The unfor
tunate man. when he came up and strug
rled toward the boat, was held back hy
the vengeful tide, which seemed to say:
'Tool have taken this fate upon your-
self— take it now In full."
"That little touch of nature which makes
all mankind ak!n" reached out from the
people on board, -who witched the strug
gles of the "man overboard" with a tense-
Bess born, of sympathy.
One*— twice— three, times we watched
Mm come up and struggle toward the life
boat.
By the third time we had been carried
*o far apart that his form looked like a
piece of driftwood on the crest of a wave,
and then he pnr.k from view.
The lifeboat re<-onnnitered a wh!le. then
picked up h!? hat and returned to the
ferry-boat and off we steamed to Oak
land minus one passenger, who but a mo
ment before was one of us and whose soul
et the great white throne was perhaps
row answering- for the deeds done In the
flesh.
The lifeboat enme back. The deck
hands hoisted It to Its place and continued
•where they left eff cleaning the white
paint and moppin? up the deck?. lower
ing: the lifeboat and pulling out for the
suicide Is part of their routine. Just bs
much a? keeping- the decks clean and haul
ing the freight on and eff the ferry.
The cry. "JTan Overboard!" means to
the deck hands "Take your place at the
ropes of the life saving boat a— i await
the command of your superior oClcer, the
captain."
Every boat's crew on the bay Is well
drilled In lowering: the lifeboats and pull-
In? out at sea.
They have a boat drill twice a week and
so well trained are they thct fifty seconds
after the bell Is rung the lifeboat Is man
. ned and In the br.y, awaitinz the captain's
orders.
Wh^n the cry. "Man Overboard!" Is
hfard. a deck hand presses an electric
button in a part of the vessel known only
to the crew. This rings the "suicide bell"
1n the captain's pilot-house. Then the
raptain presses a button which rings' an
electric bell down In the engine-room and
means "Reverse your engines!"
The captain and engineer both say that
the bell always startles and surprises
them.
The boat slows up. The captain runs
from the forward cilot-house aft. The
crew have taken their places at the ropes
of the lifeboat. Every one Is at his post.
And now comes the most trying part,
the waiting for the vessel's wake to be
come calm. The lifeboat roust not be low
ered new, else It would be dashed to
pieces against the side of the big boat.
The passengers do not understand this.
To them precious time is being lost and
a man's life Is hanging la the balance. A
minute at such a time n-fms like an hour.
"Why are Che men standing waiting?
Why Is the captain looking at the water
end not at the struggling man?
The captain Is abused.
The men at the ropes are called all sorts
of names and the officious man Is going to
report the whole affair.
Finally the signal Is given.
"Lower the boat." commands the cap
tain.
The boat Is already unfastened and
swung out over the water. At this signal
It is lowered. As It Is going down to the
-water the men Jump In. The second mate
takes the helm and directs the deckhands,
who take their places at the oars and pull
out as fast as the waves and tide will
allow.
"We like to get what we go after," says
the second mate.
The life-saving crew talk as though
they accredited themselves with "duty
¦well done" -when they bring back a live
body and "duty done" when they bring
back an • unconscious body. "But," to
Quote one of the crew, "we feel awful
silly when we bring back Just a hat.
"We get Just about half of those who
jump overboard," he continued. "Even
though we are aulte sure the person Is
dead, we try on him all the stereotyped
movements for restoring life If It Is there,
"We roll him over a barrel to get the water
6ut of him; then we raise his arms and
press his sides to restore breathing. We
rub his pulse and pour brandy down bim^
to restore circulation, and sometimes we"
ere rewarded. Then we ring up and send
fcim to the County Hospital."
The crew who risk their lives for the
would-be suicide are seldom thanked by
the "man overboard."
"More often we are cursed," says one
who has made a record in saving lives.
"I jumped from the pier after a woman
who cald she was going to marry the,
waves and she fought me like a tigress
and said I was trying to keep her from
her husband."
A mercenary Italian fisherman says that
for a live man that you fish out you get
nothing, but for a corpse the city pays
you $10, besides what you get off the dead
man's person. »>..,.'.'-
About $500 a year Is expended from the
city arid county funds for the return of
£ead bodies from the bay.
Sometimes these fishers of men stay out
In their boats all night searching for their
ghastly prize— the corpse of a suicide of a
few days past. They shoot in and out tnd
underneath the piers, then out into the
moonlight and down with the tide.
When the corpse is found it is booked
Into with long tpears and drawn toward
the boat Then the boatman sends the
corpse to the morgue.
The corpse arrives at the morgue al- ]
JTHE SUNDAY CALL.
(Continued from Page Two.)
3
coward. I am. It's eailer to die. I am
bo tired."
No name was signed. .
She was a cripple. That was fall 1 that/,
was known about her. She came under, J
the creat army of the "Unknown."
A young woman who was rescued sajni ¦'..
that as she sank Into an unconscious con-;
dltlon~iri the bottom of. the lifeboat tsb*>'
dreamed that she was soins to a. punish
ment so severe and soul-trying that tha
life which she had volutcrily given up
n-a3 a heavenln comparison. This life on .
earth seemed a thou-und years remote
and her punishment was to work through ..
the ages to what sha had voluntarily*)
thrown away and th«n to solv« the po»- <
zle Instead of shirking it. She believes
that is the punishment meted out to »ul
"And .now," she says, "my Interest In ':'
life Is keen. ; I make every situation and
Incident count.
"The trials cf life are trivial, mountains
made . from mole-hills — they sink Into In-^
significance when one stares death In th«
.-"ace."
. • • •
The second mate Is looked upon as an
authority en suicides. He keeps a iecord
of all such occurrences on the bay.
"Sometimes it i.< dangerous to stoD a
niMcide." eald he. turning pver the paves
if his suicide book.
Feb. G, 1S97, man Jumped from lower .
deck, starboard side, stern — Identified.' br
hat as Wm. Gactlc: body lost.
THE SUICIDES OF THE BAY
AND HOW THEY ARE RESCUED, . ','baunay's, Tower," by Adeline Sergeant,
Is r a dramatic bit ' of, fiction,'; though ; based ,
: on t a ; rather i improbable : foundation."!-' One "
; dark. ; and-; stormy.;; night {; Jane ;¦ Arnold V
received, : ; while -standing f at i the j entranco I
. to John Daunay's "queer; dwelling-place'; in
: Cumberland, ~ from.' Dr." Lechmere's ; hands,
: a" new-born baby, and with it i all neces- '
sary i instructions. > : : :4 For yl no J less 1 than'
eighteen > years ; the i father, made I no i sign
of,: affection for J or > interest V in ' his < child; -
It hough : he ¦ paid -' all charges \ regularly, and I
, appointed ?LechmereUo^examlne>the;llttlej
Anabel ; frequent i : Intervals.^ Great ; iwas 4
• the! consternation" when? John Daunay r ap - "
peared^upon «the (scene,; and * de
f express her j: to C marryA' her^
: cousin."? Jocelynl' DaunayT^ This," while, 03'
; it j were,'., blindfolded,^ the girl 5 refused i.to ;
' flq.:^ As a matter^ of fact,. there :was*ln]her;
: heart f s an ; affection ; * for 'g Dr.; Lechinere, >
whose forty-seven years fsat'. lightlyjupbn ;
' him," .'i which ; might ;: easily I; have '* changea ;
- Into; anlardent' love! if lt;had'been"ln|th<r;
¦ slightest ? degree encouraged.^ Poor JLech-j
'¦ mere, {though she. secretly An-.
' abel,* had a black mark against him, and ,
Daunay's Tower.
fessor. of modern languages in the .United
. etateB 'j. Naval ; Academy, •; appears £aa the
- author of la , Spanish '4 grammar}; adapted
for ' the '-.use *¦ of \ schools \ a.nd f colleges." t In
' view / of .'¦ the \ constantly '/growing ?. impor
tance : of the 1 relations ' wlthTour,; Spanlsh-
' c speaking possessions h and .neighbors i'a
book » iuch • as this, which l,wlll \, equip : the
student . 'thoroughly. ,wlth .an accurate 'and
Spanlsh '•. Grammar.
Samuel Garner,' ; Ph. D.r recently pro-
the fair road to a success richly deserved.
. for Business". Is one '* of TtwqYtales
begun by that .well-known Juvenile writer.
'Horatio Alger, Jr.' 'Th« gifted writer waa
'stricken ; when ? about/ to J finish ; the i storv,
and when he saw ! that he could hot , com
; plete the , tale . it iwds I to ;- his "t friend jaud
, fellow-author. vArthur^; M. -, Winfield. .-- that
he turned, and an outline '. for. aconcluslon
was drawn nip 5 , which ; m^t^ with f his ':¦¦ ap-;
proval.".. It Is ; this ' outlln> r; which has no w;
been ~. used 'to I bring ¦. the .story I to I an jend. J
. -Mr. Winfleld's style is .very, similar, to* that
of ;' Mr; Alger i and • there"; Is • no doubt i that
the boys wlir enjoy the ,volumft;(Publl3,had
by : The Mershon ", Company, ' New -York.
Price $125.) " • ~\ 1 ' '"
' CHINA— By James Harrison Wilson,
: A.M... LL.D. D. Appleton & Co.. New
York. $1 75. HMMBgMM
THE POLITICAL ECONOMY. OF. HU
MAN ISM-^-By, Henry Wood. Lee & Shep
ard, Boston. * Jl 25.
>.3N SPITE OF FOES— By General
Charles King.. J.iB.Lipplncott Company,
Philadelphia. . $1 23. r^MBHMMU
A CABINET SECRET— By Guy Booth
by. J. B. Llppincott Company. . Philade*
phla. $150., ,. - ,
A LITTLE QRAY , SHEEP-By Mra.
Hugh Fraser. J. B. Llppincott Company,
Philadelphia. UX.
ACADEMIC ALGEBRA— By William J.
Milne, Ph-D., LL.D. American Boole
Company. New York. J125.
SWEETHEART M ANETTE- By Mau
rice Thompson. J. B. Llppincott Com
pany, Philadelphia. $1 25.
THE INLANDER— By Harrison Rob
ertson. Charles Scribner's Sons, New
York. »%!MPHHMHHflH
GOD'S PUPPETS— By Imogen* Clark.
Charles Scribner's Sons, New York. Jt50.
POOR BOYS* CHANCES— By John
Habbertcn. Henry Altemus Company,
Philadelphia.
AES TRIPLEX— By Robert Louis Ste
venson. Charles Scribner's Sons, New
York. 50 cents. . .,
Books Received.
THT3 BTRXNGER— By Mattl* ' BalcSt
Lorlng. The Abbey Press, N«nr York. C
. THE LAND OF FIRE— By . Locds
Charles. The- Mershon Company. Nbw
York. B0 cents. .."
LOST ON VOLCANO I3LAND-By
Mark Marline. The Mershon. Company,
Naw York." 60 cents.
A KING'S PAWN— By Hamilton Drnm
mond. Doubleday, Page & Ca. New
York. »B0.
SOME ILL-XTSED WORDS— By AlfreiS
Ayres. D. Appleton & Co.. New York. C
THE NEW CONKLJN'S HANI>Y
MANUAL AND ATLAS OF THD
WORLD— Published by Laird & Lee, Chi
cago. Flexible cloUi S cents, library
style 50 cents.
WHAT A MAN OF 43 OUGHT TO
KNOW — By Sylvanus Stall. D.D. The "Vtr
Publishing Company, Philadelphia. JL
THE BAB BALLADS— By W. S. Gil
bert. R. H. Russell. New York. $125.
..THE COLUMN— By Charles Marriott.
John Lane, New York.
Take, forexample, her story, or the life- :
Kmg devotion of an old couple; who are
well toward the sundown ; of ,' their days. ¦
In "An Old Wife's Tale," Mr. Weatherley
lives a lifetime with his wife, and he calls
her his Rachel. Once there was a dread
ful fire, and Weatherley saved Rachel's'
life", while her sister, ¦* Naomi, was burned
to death. In bis effort to rescue; the sis
ters Weatherley lost the use of | his j eyes.
For long years the husband cherishes his
wife, and Rachel's devotion ". to ! her blind
husband is touching. When Weatherley
dies It Is then that Rachel declares that
she is Naomi. ..... '.
It is in making the extraordinary out of
the ordinary that -Miss Fowler shows her
skill.- Her dialogue Is remarkably bright,
and she frequently says things that stick ;
In. the mind as ' especially 'apt - and ; clever. ¦
it Is not only what she says. but the terse"
way of saying it [ that catches ' the fancy ;
as, for instance, what the old -gentleman
has to say of love In nls own day and af
fairs of the heart in the present 'genera-,
tion: "In my time a \; young man • fell ; In
love .with' a young woman and never rest
ed till he had made [a suitable, home' for
her. Now a young man makes-^at his
leisure^-a ' suitable honife; and itheii;-: when
be is: middle-aged,' ; furnishes '. it \ with '-¦ the
woman of his . acquaintance f who bores
him the least." . . .
E- LLEN THORNEYCROFT FOW
LER Is already well known as a
writer of novels. We now have the
pleasure of making her acquaint
ance as the author of a very charming
book of short stories. It is not often, that,
the successful novelist can turn about and
give to the reading world acceptable short
stories or that the short story writer bred
In the bone becomes the'author of. a book
of any length that ia\ worth reading. Each
line of work requires a distinctive talent
In itself. _ .
Miss Fowler Is to be complimented upon
her recent book, -VCupldls Garden." ' All
of her stories In this volume dear directly
with the wiles of Cupid, and her pictures
of steadfast love In old age are as beauti
ful and charming as those where the pas
sion has still the warmth 6f youth. I
She writes with deep sentiment and yet
with an epigrammatic humor that makes
her stories delightful reading.; . In nearly
all of (he fourteen- stories she works her
little plots out on the cumulative method
—holding her surprises until : the end,
when the climax is most effective."
Or here is something; better yet: , "We
have more . love stories ¦ than H we|; used
to have, but less love; Just as we have
more denti3ts , than we used to have, ¦, but
fewer teeth.*.'- -' > •' \
': . Here also Is a truth aptly put: "If
death' does not knock some ¦ of the : non
sense out'of a man, j what will?"
' Her description of Major Mackintosh
. and ; his idea of the modern female is
characteristic: . ':'¦• ,- : . ;• ¦ . . •
\ ''He loathed, with - all his chivalrous!
soul, the modern . female, who smoked
cigarettes and boarded public ; platforms.
In : his young days, he '¦ said, ; women • had
worn haloes, - : ; and had seemed like ' an
gels. But In his young days : women had
also worn crinolines, and * now ' the 'one
article "of . attire appeared to be as ' much
out of fashion as the other." .
Incidentally, ¦ Major • Mackintosh ! is the
; hero ) of the story "A ; Lost ¦ Pleiad," and
is in search of ; an ."elderly, lady"' ¦ 'to
whom he may offer his heart and; hand,
but at last Is forced to the conclusion
advanced by; the ' : milliner; of whom Mrs.
* Fowler ¦ writes : "Once upon a time,/dur
ing the ; last V season, a , customer . at a
; milliner's in Regent . ; street . innocently'
asked for a ; bonnet such ;; as would \ be
suitable for; an elderly ~ lady. ':, 'Madam,
there .• are I no elderly ladles nowadays,'
was the stern . reply." <
There is some excellent \ humor in " the \
author's description of a fire in a board
ing-house : where,': In V the* excitement and
' confusion, i the \ Major 4 meets for f a few
minutes "the being whom he had sought
so long— an old lady. ".But, i alas, he never
sees his dear '; elderly . lady again, - nor
does . he * recognize > her ;when l"one day a
youngish-looking woman, 'with -a \ curly.'
brown | fringe peeping r . from beneath : the
shadow ! ; of % a V coquettish X sailor-hat, : did
*; endeayorv to I lure ; the ? hapless i swain Into
'conversation ; 1 but he ; turned away in V the
: bitterness J of • his ; soul 7 and would have
;' none 'of * her. : What ! were > young wpmenT
. in sailor-hats him, ; whose ' heart was
i filled with ; the ; lniago /of j an \ old ?ady ln^
, a ;,velv^t "mantle and V a \ nightcap ? ? • •
.And he never .knew that the old lady of
the nlghtca-p and ,; the ; young ,- woman -of
.the . sailor-hat . were - one and the same
. person, /only f she ) wore . her halr.1 as
Ophelia her rue,^ 'with ; f a j difference.' " :
-; "Cupid's ; a Garden" is ' published by - D/ 5
Appleton & Co., i New York. Price, $1 50.
' trations % will * be ¦* abundant. • : Among ' the
artists - who : will .. contribute "are * Edwin
; Lord T.Weeks , Lockwood Kipling. Maude
portance. ;v VWalks and Talks .with 1T0I
stoi.'V: by r Andrew D. .White. '- Embassadqr
to Germany, "will give ! a realistic picture
of the great Russian" genius. "Plowing." :
by Martha . McCulloch-Willlams. "will ; de
scribe with"? delightful sympathy a day
among: fields and furrows In the South.' In
fiction;. this i number will :> contain an ... In-'
stallment of "Klm,"f by. Rudyard Kipling;
a T story : of amusing • Imagination in child
life ; by Josephine Dodge Daskam ; ;'a nar
rative "of "a Wall-street deal;* by, Edwin
l Lefevre/ and other 'stories.' The lllus-
Ida M.' Tarbell will tell In McClure's for
April: of tl'The ¦ Disbanding } of the Con
federate Army," an article of strongest
Interest, :« and,y too, of historical o Im-
Law," 130,000: "In the Palace of ¦ the
King," 105,000; "The -Master -Christian/'
90.000; /'The Cardinal's Bnufrtox." J3.000;
"Eleanor." about • C0.000; "Tommy^ and
Grlzel," 60,000: "Strfngtown on the Pike."
50,000. ;'" ¦
The scenes , of the story in George Hor
ton's! new novel, "Like Another Helen,"
are v laid In Greece, where the . author's
four years of residence at Athens as
United States Consul gave him brilliant
opportunity to plean the best kind of ma
terial, for Imaginative work. \ The present
book," as well as the papers , on "Modern
Athens," now appearing in- Scrlbner*s,
proves that his literary and artistic bent
found ample scope.
Owen Johnson, whose novel "Arrows of
the Almighty*! " is to be published next
month by. the Macmlllan Company,* is tho
grandson of Judge Nimrod Johnson, who
was . at one " time a law ; partner of Gov
ernor Morton, the war Governor of Indi
ana. His is an old Indiana family, a
member, of which, Henry N-. Johnson, rep
resented Indiana In Congress not so lone
ago. This Is Owen Johnson's first ap
spearance as a" writer. He was .chairman
of the Yale Literary Magazfne and was
In the class of 1900.
"The Prince of Illusion," by John Luth
er Long, author of "Madame Butterfly,"
is a' collection of short stories to be pub
lished by the Century Company. The one
which gives Its name to the book Is the
tale of a little blind boy who believes that
he is a prince. How the mother keeps
him unconscious of his squalid surround
ings is the story. Others in the book are
"Dolce," "The Dream Woman," " "Ein
: Nlx-Nutz," etc The author's previous
book has been made the subject of a suc
cessful play and will soon be made into an
' operetta.
A publication with a theatrical atmos
phere soon , to be published by Charles,
Scxibner's Sons Is "Mrs. Gilbert's Remin
iscences." Everybody, of course. Identi
fies Mrs. Gilbert with the delightful come
dienne associated, for* so many years with
Mr.' Daly's company. Mrs. Gilbert has
woven Into her, narrative a large amount
of the most interesting -reminiscence of
the 'earlier days of the stage -and of
famous actors and actresses that many of
us were familiar, with In our younger
days. The book has been edited by Mrs.
Charlotte M. . Martin, and will be found
delightful 'reading. .
The April "New" Llppincott Magazine
opens with a. complete novel, as usual.
This month it is a. stirring detective story
by Mrs. \ Schuyler Crowninshield, wife of
Admiral Crowninshield, which keeps the
reader, guessing up to the final pages.
5 "Mysterious Miss Dacres" is the title.* and
Josephine i Dacres, the * heroine," well de
serves the designation. Among other
things which puzzle her ladyship is Jose
i; phlne'sT undeviating habit * of .walking ; on
the grass ¦ beside the path— never in the
path- itself— butithls Is only, one of many
of her peculiarities, though it Is 'a 'straw
In the wind which points in . the right di
' rection. ! Wlth a good strong plot to start
with. -Mrs. Crowninshield makes the most
of I strikingTsituations and sprinkles plen
ty of humor thiough her diverting story..
The Increasing hold that The Delineator
has upon the affections of American wom
en is 'shown by the fact that the growth
of the March issue over February was
90,000, being KKM-00 in all. The first edition
of 540,000 was exhausted within three days
after publication, and 50.000 more copies
were needed to fill out the requirements.
The first edition of the April number, just
on sale, Is C50.000.- /
The following gives some Idea of the In
crease in recent years In the demand for
good fictjon... The figures are supposed to
approximate the totals of- recent sales:
"Eben Holden." 250.000; "Alice of Old Vin
cennes," about 175,000; [ "The Reign '/of
canvas and miscellaneous waste that ac
cumulate during a voynge, and which are
considered the perquisites of the first
mate.
McClure, Phillips & Co7 : have , Juot pub
lished "A Sack of Shakings," by Frank T.
Bullen/F. R. G. 8., a collection of essays
and stories of sea life from the sailor's
point of view. The term "shakings" on.
board ship Is applied to the bits of rope,
In the recent -prize contest In this maga
zine. It Is a story of, Americans in Flor
ence; where Mrs. Cruger sojourned during
the past year, and is written with remark
able power. ' •:¦'..-'¦ -. V .
of. the Smart Pet a long short atory,-"In
Palace Gardens," that was awarded $230
-. Julien Gordon (Mrs. .Van Rensselaer
Cruger) contributes to the April • number
H. , Irvine, which is to be brought -. out
shortly by Payot, Upham & Co.,' the San
Francisco publishers, 13 said to be a strik
ing story of adventure in the dreamy belt,
a yarn replete with th* charm of Incident
and the thrill of life in the great summer
ocean of the tropics. ,'
Literary Notes.
"An Affair in the South. Seas," by Leigh
THE name of Gwendolen Overton Is
already familiar to the readers of
the San Francisco Argonaut as a
writer of good tales. Many of her
Ebort etorles give evidence of con
siderable talent, but her best work to date
Is a novel recently published by the Mac
tnillan Company of New York. It at once
places Miss Overton as a leader among
Californian novel writers. For that mat
ter her book. "The Heritage of Unrest."
would do credit to any of the writers who
have irs.de hits along similar lines. She
is a Tennessee woman by birth, though
most cf her life has been spent In tho
army posts of the Southwestern States.
Her novel has already run Into a second
edition within one week of publication. .
The scene of this particular etory is laid
on the great plains of the Southweet, of
New Mexico and Arizona, and the period
covered is the lifetime of the heroine — a
splendid creature whose career Is shad
owed by the curse of mixed blood.
Miss Overton gives a remarkably vlvjii
picture of the life of the plains during
that season when the Apaches were in
their prime and at their worst, from a
Government standpoint. She does not
fcar.clle her Indian subjects with a maudlin
sentimentality, but seems fair and just in
her criticI-Trcs of the citizens, the Indian
egents and their money grabbing policy,
8r<d cf the soldiers. As to the absolute
correctness of her statements and deduc
tions it 'would reaulre some one whose
personal experience or intimate connec
tion had placed them in a position to
Judge, but to the general reader her words
ring true and at least conform to accepted
history.
It is not likely that people will read
Miss Overton'6 book In the light cf a his
tory of Indian affairs, nor yet again as
a picture of army life at these South
western posts, when an officer's troubles
amounted to more than merely sitting
around and indulging in the small talk
of a shaded veranda. True it would serve
both these purposes admirably, but they
are made subservient to the strong tale
which is unfolded as the reader hurries
over the pages.
It Tray b<e said that at times Miss Over
ton Is a little sketchy and Inclined to
make her chapters almost short stories
in themselves, but still she has the knack
of bringing her characters so forcefully
to the nilnd's eye and possesses the fac
ulty of painting her incidents bo vividly
that the reader Is carried on and on tn
Epite of himself.
Unless some cne takes the book away
from you by force you will find It to be
merely a matter of one consecutive
reading, and when I say "hurries over the
pages" I mean not because they, are un
interesting but quite the contrary. Miss
Overton possesses that art which made
the books of Dumas so impossible to put
down; or, for an example of more recent
date, which made the "Prisoner of Zenda"
keep a list of library readers on the wait-
Ing card. _
There Is very little of comedy to be
found in the pages of "The Heritage of
Unrest," but there Is much of tragedy and
that of the kind that racks men's souls.
The opening chapter tells of Lieutenant
Landor's cavalry troop making a forced
march on the desert, of the gradual using
up of all the extra horses, of the break-
Ing of the leg of a horse when there Is
no other animal to replace the one gone
and then of tne realizing of that rider
that he must follow the troop on foot. It
is either the chance of one mail's life or
the loss of many.
This soldier has been the boyhood friend
of Landor and before being left behind
makes a confession and exacts a promise
from the lieutenant that he will care for
this man's Uttle daughter. The child's
mother was a half-breed Mescalero wo
man.
Landor Is true to his trust. He gets
Felipa, has her educated and finally mar
ries her— rot because he is In love with
her but because he thinks that It is his
duty, And he knows that be likes her well
.enough to risk the lack of affection.
Landor hates Apaches as he would rat
tlesnakes and the girl's inheritance
through her mother of one-quarter Apache
Is constantly coming to the surface—
sometimes in a little way that merely ex
asperates, such as her habit of dress, and
then acaln In a more eerious manner, as
hc-r love for malting animals fight and
her lack of sympathy or understanding of
physical pain in others.
Felipa admires Landor. respects him and
i» as true to him as steel; but neverthe
less she knows that he has not won her
heart and, worst of all, meets a man who
does win her love.
Calrness Is really a fine fellow, although
he, too, possesses the "heritage of un
rest" He it an Englishman by parent
age, but a man ot no country by choice.
It 1s a strong situation where these two
children of social pariahs llrst find their
common bond of sympathy:
"How do you come to be living . with the
Indians r* she asked. It waa rarely her way
to arrive at a question Indirectly. "Hart you
married a tquawT'
He flushed angrily, then thought better '¦ of
It. because after ail the question waa not Im
pertinent. So be only * answered with - short
severity that be moct certainly had not
Felipa could not help the light of relief that
came on her face, but . realising It ah* . was
confused.
He helped her out.
"I have drifted' in a way," ' he went on . to
explain. "I left home when I was a mere boy
and the spirit of savagery and unrest laid hold
wufcjMulBiiBiMmimmfcuL fcjmniiLiwywwi < u "p, ' '
of me. I can't break away. And Fm not even
pure that I want to. You.* I dar« ' say, can't
understand." Vet he felt -. bo sure, for some
reason, that ehe could that he merely nodded
his head when she said brietly, "I caa."!
"Then, too." he went on, "there is something
In the Indian character that atrikes a respon
sive chord in ' me. I come , of . lawless . stock
myself. I was born in . Sydney/' Then he
Hopped Bhcrt. What business was it ofheri
where he hed b*en born? H« had never seen
fit to speak of It before.- Iffevertless, he Intend-"
ed that she should ' tnderstand now. So he
made it: quite plain. "Sydney was a convict
eettlement, you know," he Bald deliberately,
"and marriages v.-ere promiscuous. My grand-'
father was an officer vrho was best away from
England. My grandmother poisoned her first
husband. That is on my mother's side. On
my father's side it was about as mixed." He
Uaned back, crossing hid booted legs and run
ning his fingers into his cartridge- belt. His
r^anrer aeked with a certain defiance, what
»-he was going to do about it, or to think..
And what she did was to Eay. with deliber
ation equal to his own. that her mother "had
heen a hair-breed Mescalero and her father a
private. ¦,
Despite such unpromising: stock, : Miss
Overton succeeds In making out of .hen
characters a man and' a woman who
carry the reader's sympathy to the end.
According to the author, fidelity Is evi
dently an Apache virtue, and in this re
spect Fellpa Is a thorough Indian. Tha
Idea of wronging her husband never en
ters her head, and Calrness, too. Is equal
ly true to his friend.
Landor accidentally finds a letter on a
dead prospector. This letter had been
given .to the miner to deliver to Felipa
and Is an avowal of love from Calrness. In
part It reads: "I do not ask for so much
as your friendship in return, but only
that you remember that my life and devo
tion are yours, and that, should the time
ever come that you need me, you send for
me. I will come. I will never say this
to you again, even should I. see you; but
It Is true, now and for all time."
Fellpa reads the letter to her husband
and frankly admits that she loves Calr
ness, but she scorns any suggestions ot
a legal release. Mi?s Overton decribes
this dramatic Incident with characteristic
lack of gush and consequent gain u
strength:
"And you care for him?"
She nodded. «
"Are you certain of it? You have seen bc
very Uttle of him, and you may be mistaken."
If, he had had any hope It vanished before
her unhesitating, positive "No; I am not mis
taken. Ob, no!"
He tock a. <*halr facing ber, as. she put the
letter back in its envelcpe and laid It in her
work-basket. It was very unlike anything: he
h&d ever Imagined concerning situations of the
sort. But then he was not imaginative. "Should
you be glad to be free to marry him?" he asked
in a spirit of unbiased discussion.
She locked at him in perplexity and surprise.
"Hew could I be? There is no use talking
about it." «. ¦¦ .
Ho hesitated, then blurted it out, in spita of
the inward warning that it would be unwise.
"I could let yeu free yourself." .
HSs clance fell before hers of. dismay, disap
proval and anger— an anger ; so righteous that
he felt himself to t>e altogether in the wrong.
"Do you mean divorce?" She said It like an
unholy word. ., •-;.;
He had forgotten that the laws and rites of
the church of Rome had a powerful hold. upon
her. though ehe was quite devoid of religious
sentiment. He admitted apologetically, that he
had meant divorce, and che expressed . her re
proach. In spite of himself, and what he
thouKht ought properly to be the tragedy of the
affair, he smiled. The humor of her majestic
disapproval was irresistible under the circum
stances. But she had little sense of humor.
"What would you suggest, then, if I may
ask?" he eaid. He had to give up all pathos in
the light of her deadly simplicity.
"Nothing," she answered. "I can't see why
it rhould make any difference to you, when it
hasn't with me." She had altogether regained
the self-poesession she had been surprised j out
of, with an added note of reserve/
And eo *he had to accept It.
The secret of Miss Overton's success In
making Fellpa the strong and interesting
character that she is lies In that author's
method of contrasting good and evil.
Here she brings out an Apache trait that
is commendable or there one that re
volts. She makes her character live and
breathe and catches the varying moods
with a sure stroke that ts as absorbing as
it is at time3 surprising. Her work
suggests the style of Hamlln Garland.
Fellpa has her evil traits as strongly
marked as her good ones. At times she
is cruel with the flendishncss of the In
dian and all without in the slightest real
izing her actions from the standpoint of
the white man's code of humanism.
. She gloats over a battle royal of her
own arranging between a tarantula and
a vlngarone. She delights in a fight be
tween two wild steers and I then , at an
other time the blood of savagery rises In
her to such an extent that she disobeys
her husband's commands and In his ab
sence goes forth on a still hunt of her
own. It is at such times as these that
the' reader's sympathy with Felipa . is
sorely shaken, but the interest in Miss
Overton's work is unconsciously height
ened. . .
When the Apache taint la most strong
ly In evidence is where FelSpa goes forth
oh the warpath on her own account. Her
husband is away on duty and hostiles are
In the neighborhood. - The heritage of
unrest comes to burn In; her brain and
she buckles on her hunting knife and re
volver to go out into. the freedom of the
night. Wandering by the river she hears
a murmur, a rustle. *
Fellpa' s revolver waa In her hand and cocked
and colnted , straight between two' eyes that
¦hone out In the blackness. - And so, ' for an
appreciable time, the stood. . Then a long arm
came feeling out, but because she was . look-
Ing alone . the . sight into the face at the very
end of the muzzle she failed to see It. 'When
it closed tint about her waist she gave a quick
(rasp and fired. But the bullet instead of going
straight through the forehead beneath the head
band, mm she had meant It to do. plowed
down. The grasp on the body relaxed for "an
Instant; the next It had tightened, and a
branch had struck the pistol from her hand.
And now It ¦ 'was a . struggle of . sheer, force
and agility. She managed to . whip out . the
knife from her belt and strike time and again
again through sinewy flesh to, the bone. The
' only noise was .the * dragging ; of their ; feet on
the sand, the cracking of the willows and the
¦wishing of .the blade. It was savage ' against
cavare, two vicious, fearless beastn. '
The Apache. In Fellpa waa fully, awake now,
, awake . In - the bliss of , killing. : the frenzy of
fight, and awake, too. In the Instinct which
told .her . how, with • a deep-drawn ; breath, a
contraction, a sudden drop and writhing, she
would be free of th« arms of steel. And she
wu free." but . not •' to turn > and t run — to lunge
forward. . once and again, her breath hilling
between her clenched, bared teeth.*
The buck fell back before" her, fury.' but she
followed him thrusting ! and ; slashing. ' . Yet It
might not even then have ended well "for her
had there not come from somewhere overhead
the sound most dreaded as an omen of harm
by all Apache*— the hoot of an owl. -The In
dian gave a low cry. of dismay and turned and
darted In among the i bushes.
"The Heritage ' of Unrest 1 ' is not a long
story, yet there are more exciting episodes
in it than are ; generally - allotted . to the
modern , novel. It ' Is ! . orrrmlsslble to ¦ aay
that • the story, throughout deals iwith the
: Bterner facts, of life: and: works jup\ to 'a
climatic ending that is as sad as It ' Is
virile, but beyond this it would not be fair
to author* or reader to outline the turn' ot
the plot.' Sufficient it is to say that. Miss
Overton * shows : the ; master-hand ' in s nar
vatlve fiction and any one ;who reads the
first : chapter - Is '. sure I to finish 1 the , book.
It' is safe to" prophesy r that this volume
will * be ranked among - the most \ popular
ones of the season. .(Published" by the
Macmlllan Company, New York; Price
Jl DO.) B. G. LATHROP.
Out for Business.
-"Out for Business" relates the various
haps and mishaps which befall ; a "sturdy
country, youth . of r hlKh moral " ainu~.who,
by the harsh actions ' of his stepfather, is
compelled to"; leave what had once been
the best of homes and go forth Into the
world to make his own way. The . h »ro
finds the path to. fortune no easy one to
tread, but he is bright, clever ahd "out
for business," as 'the title of the "book
implies, and in the erfd we find him : on
; , That ", pair, of ; : "calm, >v masterful ; j ; gray
eyes".: had ; much, to ''do- with, the. heart ; hls
¦_ tory of ¦ Catharine' w Musgrave. -^Whoso'reads
I the % book*^will j. learn J that they -not • only
,' helped X her? to ;; triumph i in . a "¦ moment of
i ; before ; the 3 public, buQal so v'hell
(by If orce'^durtrig^ after^ years ot
• sore trial and deadly peril : . until she final.
i ly the ' goal 1 of ; this l.'f e In' tbe< wedded
; Catharine conies upon the scene In Ber
lin,; on' 1 the concert .'•plaTform,. where she
has ; been"; placed * by, ; her : German"; music
teacher, r Possessing X&'i fine k voice," ;~ and
thoroughly^ trained,' sne Is. nevertheless,
about? to 'through 1; stage '« fright.
The 1 accompanist ; begins j the \ prelude, ,- but
.the 'Singer; cannot V'noake t- a*- sound : .whllo
the symp'athetic pianist begins 'over again
to give her]tlme,'-.her. eyes ..wander in w-ld
search '»' for £ help \ over .the- audience; t; an -i
suddenly ; the I faces ] all* become ? converged
In |ohe '• face." ,• " A" '; s pair* of \ calm f masterful
gray^eyes meet and ,hold. her 'aa.-byj force."
And* this s time \ she i la J: able : . to jsitrike'^ her.
ncte-^rlch; full, perfect/' She sings straight
; through ? to I the . end! * never ; ; > • har
eyes \? from rUhelr) keeper," and •" wins the
/.->.;
Eugene Norton.
In "Eugene Norton, 1 ' bv; Anne Shannon
Monroe; a ' pair," of ey es " and ¦ hypnotic sug
gestion .play an" important"; part. 'Cathar
ine ; Musgrave ¦ has ; developed ' all - the ami
able 'features ¦ In , her I mother's character
without •; her 1 timidity : : and all the : mental
strength' of ; her Scotch ; father without bis
disposition ;'to
, J The greatest . charm , for the little' ones
will be found '; In I the ¦ lMustratlons, which
are, reproductions I In - half-tone 'of ; photo ;
graphs ;of : real : ; little boys and "girls and
dogs ? and I cats and horses "which '. were
caught -by .the icamera just as i the story
was being -written. Altogether ; the book
Is avery charming one and *, deserving of
a warm ~ It Is sure . to ' make a
hit with the I youngsters. • (Published 'by
the Ideal Publishing: Company, Boston.)
.Mrs. Baldwin tells of two little sisters
and. their Immediate friends—Whlteslip
pers the cat, 'Victor the dog, and Polly the
parrot/ Incidentally Mr. and Mrs. Mouse
have* their say and play, their parts In tha
story, i as ? also • does i Pug j Nose, the dog
from next door. v The author writes in Just
the veln'i to- please children and the book
should delight all little tots whose parents
are kind ! enough" to , read : it ' aloud ! to them
or who are old enough to read If for them
selves. AThe- type Is large and clear anA
the vocabulary not beyond the grasp of a
young, reader. . • .. .
A story book . for children which pos
sesses tha triple merit ; c f unique illustra
tions, excellent reading matter, and .clear
typography is "Kodak Sketches of Two
Little -Girls." by Mrs. Emma Cockrcll
Baldwin. , ,;
Mr. BIrbeck's scheme should work beau
tifully and to perfection '. on a cigar, storo
Indian— or ,^lts Imitators
.'(Published by Joseph F. Wagner, NeT
York. Price, $1.)
Kodak Sketches of Two Little Girls.
It is a great thing that at last some one
has come forward who Is able to j get the
"science" : of ' elocution down I to I the fine
point of fourteen hand, positions and eight
arm movements, with a few trimmings of
accent and modulation. .
i "¦-¦¦' In j addition , there . ar« numerous cabal
istic signs, also with *a key, which - give
the proper accent and tone of voice, and
there are marginal side , remarks such ¦ as
"Interrogative," "regretful," "low tone,'.'
"Inflection," "slow," ¦ "sorrowful," "much
feeling," etc.
"You. notice at the beginning of v \';War",
there is the figure 13. and you turn hastlly
to your chart at, the front of the book and
find from the picture there shown In a
graceful wood cut that the hands should
be' clasped with the thumbs up. Contin
uing, you read In the third line "Ah!"
•with "the .-figure. 14 before It; pursuing the
same,policy}as ln'the first line, youflnd
thatthe arms should be crossed with the
right arm In front . fingers out straight.
Mr. • Birbeclc's schema is this: ; With
eight "arm movements" , and fourteen
"hand positions" you become an orator at
once. For example, under the "Sons of
the Sword" you read:
"13. War, war,- war! ,
. # -Musket, and powder, and ball:
rf-^C 14. Ah ! what - do w«= flght so .for?
Ah! why, have we battles at all?" \
¦ An old Janitor; a dependent on the char
ity 'of j the good-hearted doctor." figures on
many : of r the pages? with ; hist lauerhab'.o
though ' "fishy" reminiscences. ' Dr. Nay
lor'B touch- Is ¦ such \ that vlV will" make of
the people of Babylon real friends for the
reader." ""The author ; icas ;been ..known, to
the newspaper 'world ,; for ' a . number, ' of
years" as a writer of : acceDtable verse and
hction;. although this; Is his first real ven
ture bet ween ; covers. ;' The book is full of
incidents,: told In a most win
ning .way, and,' with/its fascinating loyo
story, dannof ; fall ; to i lease all classes'of
readers., (Published by the Saalfleld Pub
lishing ..Company, K Akron." Ohio. : Price
$150.) ; r :, v \ : ¦ ¦
Elocutionary Manual.
A book : has Just ' been- publiahed under
the' authorship of.C.' J...Blrbeck and- with
an advertising flyleaf reading as follows:
.'.•Select;" recitations and dramatic scenes
with actions and eniptiasis. :vab elocution
ary manual /containins 100 selections from
the leading poets, orato-s and dramatists
supplied /with . copious and^ minute direc
tions ! -tors their, correct, graceful and' Im
pressive \ £he unique part of
Mr.'BIrbeck's effort lie* in the two charts
resembling a serips of deaf and dumb al
phabets,'which take two - pages of th»
first part of the book. One of these pur
ports to | show arm movements ; and - con
sists iof eight strong right arms in differ
ent positions of eloquence. The other
Rives "hand positions" and has fourteen
varied and . eloquent ; anneals. .
The book Is easy reading, for the matter
is largely In dialogue.-* The author* Is very
skillful: In: the t difficult art of character
drawing and . hla descriptions !of . the ; Ufa
In this typical country village are charm
ingV£ The " personnel of ; his novel are rec
ognized? Immediately ! ad -¦ distinct "- eccen
trics;' yet {the pictures are : nof In any in
stance overdrawn. Tlie diction through
out • is pure ; and simple * and with its lack
of •. profane t expressions should * make .ex
cellent^ reading put ' loud, r ; ;
"Ralph i Marlowe," 1 by" James Ball : Nay
lor,' Is a novel with a good wholesome tone
and { written 'I In la j style f which » holds t the
attention ' from cover i'o' cover.- The hero
Is a", young , man ¦ with ' a . secret In '¦- his , life,
who : goes to the" little* village ; of ; Babylon \
In" Southeastern; Ohio ;to make k a new
start r as \ a.' drug clerk [ for an ". original ; oil
character, :¦ a diamond in X the ¦ rough. Dr.
Barwood.:; The doctor js a gruff old speci
men, : but fa; man with 1 a " heart of gold.
After a few verbal passages with, his new
clerk he finds that he has met his match.
forMarlowe. ; while fully, realizing: his po
sition as helper, insists ; upon conducting
his. private life according to his own/cdn
ylctlons. • J ¦': .-. -i- ¦". . -,
i-'He >fand this ' employer . become -fast
friends and the young man Is the accepted
suitor for; the hand of the 'doctor's young
est -daughter. The doctor realizes > that
there has - been more - in the , life^ of . hH
young assistant ' than ; : he hasj been told.
: for, by; accident he flnda that the : young
man possesea a diploma and is a physician
,of. no, mean ability". ¦ ¦— ' : ••-¦;.¦. ¦ ¦'.
.: The human interest portion of the story,
i is ; contributed by a letter ; , to Ralph from
Stella (to tell of the, exact relations ] ex-'
istlng between ; the ; two ', would be to - spoil
Dr. Naylor's plot for i the . reader). _ It ; Is
sufficient to say , that this letter falls into
the hands of his flancc. Dolly Barwood ,
through : the Jealousy ? of : her ? sister, i and
casts ¦ a , fascinating ! glamour; of <; mystery,
only to be unraveled m the last pages.
Ealph Marlowe.
therefore ; from , indulging v his
heart'at ;the expense of honor. How An- :
abel" reached ; to happiness \ at i last, after
treading ! thorny ' paths,' It ; Is not ; for us to
tell.' "Daunay's "- Tower"^ will j not; disap
point Adeline Sergeant's admirers. k (Pub
lished by: F. ' M. "Buckles & Co., -New
York, v Price $1 25.) .
"Introductory. Lessons in English Lit
erature,"- by- 1. - C.< McNelll. : president of
the Seventh "Wisconsin State V Normal
School, andS. A. Lynch, teacher of Eng
lish in the Central High School, Superior,
Wls., is the outgrowth :6f. experience" and'
observation i In V. teaching .* English ; to "-; be
ginners. ~ A number \ of ; selections ? are
given from the leading authors, and ¦ this
number 1 has been ¦ restricted / to ' allow ; ' of
care f ul and thorough ; study o f . the mean
ing I and 3 forms : of ,¦ expression ; employed.
The selections' chosen represent the prin
cipal -I forms v both : of > prose, and j poetry.
Each of the selections. is followed by gen
eral exer»ises\whlch \ treat of its J themes,
its plot and the lesson or, moral suggested
by It Then come special exercises^ which
"explain grammatical and rhetoricalpolnta
and ; all :, historical, . legendary -A and - geo-^
graphical allusions contained In the selec
tions.' concluding :;with>: suggestions and
themes for compositions on the . subjects
1 therein... At the Tend: of the book
are added - ; short ; ¦ biographical ' , notes ' on
each of the > authors "appearing ; In the
work. (Published by. the American Book
.; Company, New York.'' Price $1.)
Lessons in English.
ready ; knowledge Vof the language, both
for. reading .* and -conversation, : is ~anVes
sential i In; all : schools. r " The method [ Of : In
struction i Is ?,that % successfully > employed
by the author in his classes at the Naval
Academy.^ This • makes I the grammar J! a
practical s .'working V text-book. ,', Its f sim
plicity, and i clearness \ of i presentation f are
noteworthy,'; and ! It (contains ' all , the J es
eenUals] of .; syntax ; without ¦ entering] Into
theoretical "or abstruse questions. ¦ It ! gives
constant j- drill ". In -'. sentence % bulldlng.V as
,well ; v as f ample o practice V; In ? memorizing
illustrative i Spanish -sentences. 'A g spe
cially *; Important "¦ and ~ helpful j feature f is
the . Introduction Jof ; : numerous; selections
chosen : from I newspapers J and I representa
tive business, and social letters and forms.
< Published by ; the ; American ' Book ? Com
pany, ; New. York.*:. Price • $1 25.) ;»
A new edition has Just been Issued of
"The ; Oedipus Tyrannus of Sophocles,"
edited by Mortimer Lamson Earle, pro
fessor of classical philology at : Barnard
College, Columbia University. In this edi
tion the text - has been ; carefully ' : collated
with all stahdard versions and represents
as nearly as possible the exact words of
Sophocles. \ ¦ An introduction discusses the
plot of the play and the earlier phases of
the legend of Oedipus, and deals also with
the characters of the play and the ques
tion of its date. The ; commentary gives
constant . attention to the development • of
the plot, while numerous citations of par
allel passages are made, both from Sopho
cles and from other authors. An appen
dix treats, very fully of the meters. The
book is "very suitable for use in colleges
and universities. (Published by the Amer T
lean Book Company, New York. Price
$125.)
Oedipus Tyrannos of Sophocles.
his appearance . in ' the } Rocky Mountains
as ? the i Sherlock Holmes, who clears ; a
young i woman of a unique charge of ; in
cendiarism ¦; and i fixes '• the crime on a
broken ; bottle and , the sun. , He wins tha
lady's ¦'. affection and > then .. starts out to
seek; gold, health and a home for two in
Klondike. The; book, however, is not in
tended as a romance, but to show through
the troubles > of i Sawbones ' the difficulties
encountered in ¦ the season / of 1397-93, the
famine winter, of that particular section of
Alaskan country, v Some of the author's
descriptions . of. life, customs and abuses
In "¦ the , frozen '" north are Interesting, but
beyond these ; there is little in the book
that can be commended. (Published by
The N eely Company, New York. Prloa
»50 : ) ' . .
"The : Decline' and Fall* of Bamuel Saw
bones. M.D., on the Klondike" purports to
be an account written by that gentle
man's next best friend. Sawbones soakes
Samuel Sawbones.
love of Eugene Norton, to whom the good,
calnv masterful gray eyes belonged. (Pud
lished by Hand. McXaUy A Co., Chicago
and New York. . Price $1 25.)
•That's all right. Mr. D— /• interrupted
McCutcheon: "don't say another work
about it. It's 'nice* of you. but really I
don't see how the deuce wa can carry tha
thing out as you Intend. You see, Just
before you got here this evening our host
ess actually forced ma to repeat thoM
verses for the crowd— and I did so."
A few months later Mr. McCutcheoa
attended a small dinner party In a city
not far from Lafayette, and among tha
guests was the man who had admired the
response. Everything was Informal, and
It was not long before one of the ladies
called for toasts. The "admirer," as ha.
may be called, was the first one urged to>
"say something nice." He arose and pro
fusely apologized for what be was about
to perpetrate, admitting that he had writ
ten some verses hurriedly for a Uttle af
fair that did not ccme off, but if tha oth
ers would promise to "throw no plates"
he would give a toast to "a woman's
smile." Forgetful that the man who wrote
them was present, he recited th» verses
gallantly, and then modestly sat down,
with an uncertain sort of applause- as hla
recompense.
Suddenly the man remembered that th«
writer of the verses was sitting directly
opposite and he began to turn a fiery red.
He lost his power of speech and was tha
most uncomfortable person who ever
studied a plate at a dinner party. As sooa
as the ladles left tha room he dragged
Mr. McCutcheon off to a corner and ex
claimed: "I want to explain, old man.
Don't think that I had forgotten that you
wrote that toast. I was not trying ta
steal your thunder. It was and Is my in
tention to introduce you as tha author
when we go Into the drawing room and
create a little diversion—"
Among the new books to *•_*¦•?•* **
r>. Appleton * Cow is "A landmark His
tory of New York," by Albert Ulmann.
who has treated th» city's story from a
novel point of view. Instead of following
the customary plan of dealing with facts
and alluding Incidentally to nlstorto sites,
the author has described a series of ex
cursions to old landmarks and woven th«
history about them. The erection of tab
lets within recent ytears In many parts of
the city has helped materially to identify
Important sites and to give a definite
cense of realism to the story of the past.
To make a tour of these memorials In
their proper order and relate the interest
ing events connected therewith la the plan
of the book. Thus, In turn, one visits the
old Dutch settlement, the early English
colony, the city as it looked before the
Revolution, the captured town, the Federal
capital, the city as It appeared when the
Erie canal was completed, and finally the
modern metropolis. Copies of old prints
and rare maps and many plates made
tjcom recent photographs help to empha
size the landmark feature of the work. A
special effort has been made to render tha
story Particularly interesting and attrac
tive to. the young: at the same time, the
careful reproduction of Inscriptions, the
exact location of historic names, an ex
planation of the origin of street names,
and a comprehensive bibliography and
list of references, must prove of value to
the teacher and the student of history.
George Barr McCutcheon. who has writ
ten a captivating story in "Graustark." 13
enough of a Journalist to have had many
experiences, and some of them amusing.
Once at a dinner he responded to tha
toast. "A "Woman's Smile." giving a hast
ily'written.bit of verse to suit the occa
sion and the ladles. Among the gue3ts
was a man from an adjoining city, and so
much was he delighted with the response
that he asked'Mr. McCutcheon to write it
on the back of an envelope for him.
Cowlefl. Orson Lowell. A. Radclyff* Dug
more, F. T. Cory, Frederic Dorr Steel*
and W. R. Leigh. . ' ;
W. A. Fraser, author of "Moonr* and
Others/.' has /Just written for early pub
lication in the Saturday. Evening Post a
short, stirring serial, entitled "The Out
casts."* The outcasts, are an old buffalo
and a wolf do* 'and. the greater part of
the story Is about the . strange comrade
ship and . striking ; adventures of these
companions and their pilgrimage. In com
pany, to the distant plains of deep grass,
of which, the wolf -doe knew. There ara
action and strength of -word and phrase
In the story, and the touch of the soil
and the musio and charm and somber
ness of the forest. The rush of the fren
zied buffalo herd to death Is told with
splendid dramatic power. The plan of
the book Is a unique conception and It is
worked out on novel and entertaining
lines. ' : -
The Octopus." the new novel by Prank
Norris. published next week by Double
day. Pare & Co.. to to b« the beginning
of a remarkable undertakings Though a
novel complete in Itself, this will bo the
first "Trilogy of the Epic of Wheat," or
three related novels, the first dealing with
the production of wheat, the second wltn
its distribution, and the third with the
consumption of American wheat in Eu
rope, altogether forming the story of &
wheat crop from the time of It* sowing
in California, through the Stock Ex
change gambling based wttta Chicago,
to its use as the relief of a European
famine. Mr. Norrfa has before written
some extremely clever books which, cause
a thrill to those who seek it in fresh and
courageous invention. Mr. Howells has
said that he has "divination of human
character." especially "as different In
man-nature and woman-nature, and «om*
curious glimpses of conditions.* This
new novel, dealing with the fight of the
railroad "octopus" and the wheat grow
ers, is said to raise the standard of this
author's work and may go furthe* t«
make Mr. Norrls. dealing with modern
California wheat, what Bret Hart* was
to the early gold country.
THE SUNDAY CAiL.
ELLEN THORNEYCROFT FOWLER AS A
WRITER OF SHORT STORIES.
4
WRITER OF BOOKSTTTF/ SUNDAY. CAlili.
•Some pet Jtmusemente of the World's [Royalty.
ftHE ; Grand Duko of Hesse Is said • to
; be never so 'happy ; as when he can
snatch a moment from affairs to de
vote to embroidery. -He is very.sklll :
f ul with ] the ': needle^; and ' his , work "is' said
to" be ' beautiful. He ; takes the < greatest
Interest in It and Is particularly clever In
the : arrangement j of , colors. . Besides ; em
broidery', he: is devoted' to music, 'dancing
arid -acting. ¦ . ' :
i "I • can . s,ing as ' well \ as_ any of , them,"
says . the ; Czar of Russia, who ¦ has : a
tenor voice,' v/hich* it is his chief pleasure
to -use. "My enemies say * many. 'harsh
and unkind 'things .about' me," y he : once
said when In gay: spirits, he 'had beenTen-'
tertalningV a , family ' party .with - lively
arias, ."and accuse mo of being destitute
of any accomplishments, but I-'defy* ithem'
to ; say i that • I .' cannot sing as well as • the
best. of ithem," ;> ¦ . %: - - ;.¦'"'•; ¦'•' * ':]/•/ \,y\\\\
,- Another r royal .tenor is 'King Oscar /of
Sweden; who Is the most musical of rnon
archs. >3 In his young 'day s _ he"'wa'sjregard
ed ; as possessing { the 'most accompllsh'ed
voice in', Europe, and ; he could ' have mado
a success of It on s the stage.'. '.¦'.:' ' ~V "~V >-'
.unmusical,^was, theVlate: King' of
Italy, on the other hand; and a story was
once -told regard Ing .his lack of ¦ ear and
voice for music by the present King, then
Prince Victor. King Humbert disliked to
be reminded in' any. way that the Queen
was 'growing old." and 'he' had a particular,
antipathy to seeing her wear glasses. The
Prince.- described one .of the domestic
scenes thus: *¦ J ¦'¦':, ¦' -V/
h ".When papa * saw the • glasses going up
to^ mamma's \ eyes : he . cried:
put dpwn> those ; glasses !* ;. Manrma did not
obey. - 5 /Margherlta;lf . you •- don't/ take off
those » glasses I shall sing/ *•, And ? mamma
had such : a jlread of - papa's false no tes
that she obeyed at once, to save herself
from* torment." .' -
.Singing 'Is, not the only pet amusement
of 'the Czar.. He has a passion for collect
ing, caricatures of himself, and he is hav
ing a room papered with pictures of which
he is the victim. . , V
.On the other, hand- the Emperor of Ger
many .becomes "iangry^ at : the sight of a'
caricature! bf^.himself,*: A caricature room
has-been suggested as a good way of tak
ing "a ' = little* vanity, out of . the gentleman.
All his ¦: palaces; > both ¦ inside and outside,'
might be adorned with amusing present
™. e .?*?i?/. ; y°5?l?i'.* 0 ? 1 . he baa XvPPU**
caricaturists »f two continents wlti» bread '
ever since " he appeared on the public
stages ¦"
All the caricatures published In Parts '
and London the Emperor sees; that is,
they are collected and pasted into a book „
for his Inspection, as well - as ' everything' ,
Important- that is said about him In the '
foreign press, be it pleasant or unpleasant,
polite or cynical. In this respect h» is
comethlna; like his grandfather. William
I, who made * a careful collection of the {
most ridiculous caricatures of himself '
printed in France from 1S66 onwatl.
Although not* fond of caricatures, for
photographs of-hinxself the present Ger
man Emperor has a positive craze, and '
his favorite pastime is 'posing for the
camera.. A fad at present with him Is tha
blograph. There is . no request for priv
ileges to take picture which the blograph
company has asked • that he has refused.
He even goes further, and is constantly
sending word to tho blograph headquar
ters of military and other events and of
fering^ an opportunity • of making , photo-
. <cr ?? h .* ; . I i e p f ®. fers , Wmself as the central I
figure of every picture, when possihle, no
matter where the other fellows may b*, wj
........ » .- ..
Clever Women J^eieciives Who Caich Smugglers.
•=ff=:HERE has been a recent discussion
jl as to the employment of women as
]i detectives In hotels, in shops and in
police cases. Women have been em
ployed as private detectives for years by
the various agencies In cases requiring
epecially fine work. For procuring evi
dence in divorce cases they are often em
ployed and their aptness has been proved.
The woman detective can change hef
identity with her costume far more easily
than a man. If she is tactful she can win
confidence and will arouse no suspicion.
These advantages fit her peculiarly for
the work.
Women have In recent years made rec
ords in the big department stores, where
they detect shoplifters srnd pickpockets.
These women dress as though on a shop
ping tour and are not known* to the sales
women. They pass about from counter to
counter examining goods, but manage to
keep an eye on people- they suspect and
follow them about until they, see them
actually taking goods from the tables.
In the customs service about a dozen
women are . employed as customs Inspec
tors. They look out for women smugglers .
end have been, very successful In 'detect-,
ing these fair swindlers of the Govern
ment.
It is not the amateur smuggler or the
Immigrant that these women look after,
but the women who of late years have
made a profession of smuggling, acting In
collusion with. men and apparently mak
ing the trade pay well. They are always
good, looking, well -dressed and liberally
supplied with money, which they dispense
in generous tips to the stewardess and
boys.
Women take naturally to smuggling; so
the professionals are adepts at the game.
Even the average woman likes the idea
of getting In lace or jewels or. clothes in
this way and proudly displays her smug
gled goods and 'tells the story of her feat
whenever an occasion offers..
It . was npt until women began to . make
a business of smuggling that it was
thought necessary to employ detectives of
their own sex to apprehend thenv Evi
dence Is usually obtained against them by
one of the women; inspectors who travels
from > the other side as a passenger and
observes or makes the acquaintance of the'
suspected • person on" the trip across. /
If evidence has been - secured the word
is quietly passed to the, inspector! on the
pier, and when the . smuggler . prepares to
go ashore she is asked' to submit to . a
search/Every known device is resorted to
by the women .'srnugg.ers in their efforts to
conceal genis and lace. Frequently ';¦ the
contraband articles are securely sewn be-,
tween the lining and the material" of i a*
gown. . Diamonds ' are \ hidden : in the hair
and In pads and bustles, and some • r "6meh
have been found with yards of costly lace
rolled about their bodies. .
¦The women. detectives In the.employ^of
the Custom-house pafss , through , a civil
service examination and receive" $3 a day.
The 1 work, while exacting. Is : not', heavy,
the* working day usually ending | at noon.'
Sometimes an Immigrant woman . Is dls-,
covered ; in" an attempt to smuggle, but'the
effort' is always a clumsy one,'; easllytde-'
tected. V "• : .
;>,; But the professional, smuggler is always
cool,* collected, . plausible/, with ; plenty; of
nery© ..and^many ; excuses "t when detected."'
She, always faffects to* make; light ' of the
matter.; Even when subjected to a most
humiliating search " by ¦ the women' detect
iyes^she' never; gets ; 'angry;; or > loses '; her
smooth, easy, manner.
Since th« death of Queen Victoria paV
llc interest concerning the Koh-i-noor has
revived. The famous stone is not. as I*
usually supposed, part of the late Queen"*
regalia, but was her private property. It
was 'made into a brooch and worn occa^.
slonally at state functions. It was exhib
ited at the great exhibition of 1SS1. and at
that time was valued at J700.000. In its
original uncut state It weighed 800 karats/
but after being cut and rceat ' lt» weight
Is only some 106 karats.
Through the still watches of the night
he could hear the' steamer's anchor bell.
At 4 o'clock' In the mornl ng he,, a woke and
through the break in the fog saw the
lights twinkling on the Rio, that > lay *,'a.«
Idle as a. painted ship -upon a painted
ociean.". Then suddenly the tinkle of the
anchor bell was : hushed, there : was : th>o
clanking and straining of chains, those on
board were making preparations for get
ting under' way, and -.then slowly : tho
bteamer moved for the home port.
unfortunate Rio anchored in sight of port
the fog v was"so J thick Iii the afternoon
that it was' impossible tu see a ; stone's
throw across the water. "Hyslop did noC
expect the Rio that [ night", but around 6
o'clock he heard a steamer's whistle .out 1
toward the . bar. ¦{ and . some note , in tho
hoarse screech .told him that the lons
looked-for ¦ Rio de Janeiro was anchored
out there In the, fog. : ,
¦"Hulls, as I said before, do not show
over eighteen' miles from this point, and
unless the weather is very favorable they,
are of little aid beyond fifteen miles. The
first thing is to settle on the nationality
miles. . To us It had looked a Jumble of
sails and spars.
. "Fifteen miles," said the observer, "is
as long a distance as I care about swear-
Ing to the identity, of an ordinary snip.
The hull Is not In sight from this alti
tude under • eighteen miles. Of . course
there is a good deal of j method . about It.'
but sometimes I think there is as much
instinct as anything else.
' "Many - times I am absolutely certain
of a 'ship's Identity, yet I could not give
any. definite reasons for, my belief. A
thousand white sheep would all look alike
to a dry goods clerk, and yet to the shep
herd they have their distinctive features.
So ships all -have differentiating marks—
not to a landsman, or even to an unob
servant sailor; but there is always some
thing to -fix a vessel In my : mind after
seeing' her once; ._¦ '
Ing h!s reputation , on the correctness- of
•' his i ' estimate of the distance between the
', smoke and the masts, which, of course
was all he I had : to i go by. However, the
Queen waa an old chum.'through frequent
visits, and Hyslop regards this feat very
-lightly. . Y ' • \
Mr. Hyslop suddenly- -beckoned the
photographer and reporter to the "tele
scope. ;.'"Here," he raid, "you • can see a
transport coming in.- The Pennsylvania,
."I'm pretty sure." .\1^ -. . .
To . the- untrained eye of his guests
naught was, visible but -the "merest
smudge. In an hour she was near enough
for. Hyelop to verify his first- identifica
tion of her. When she finally came with
in- a mile ¦ of • the ; observatory the" people 1 ,
on - deck " could be ." plainly : distinguished. *
All was excitement on board— the stir and
bustle • of - "port In ; sight." • .' We .;' almost '
seemed - to", hear ; their J happy, hurrahs, so.
distinctly were : their features and move
-ments revealed, and Mr. ! H^rslop~ smiled ]
at ouV marveling at his' having named the.
. Pennsylvania at a distance of fifteen
flashes the news to the exchange the sec
ond he Bights a sail against the horizon.
John Hyslop Is the name of this man on
whom rests the sole responsibility of re-
at the Point Lobos observatory, who sits
up aloft and with his eye glued to a glass
trust the poet's Cupid. They have a man
change gets the first reliable news of the
coming and gclng of all water craft.
There la a nice little Cupid Bits up aloft and
watches o'er poor Jack.
But the Merchants' Exchange doesn't
Where do they all go for reliable news?
To tile Merchants' Exchange, of course.
But did you ever Btop to think how the ex-
«"T ELLO! Tea, this Is the Merchants'
I \ Exchange. What's that? The R!c!
i I No, she's not been s'ghted yet."
*J So the wires buzzed while anxious
watchers waited for the overdue
Rio. So the inquiries come, day an:t
sight, as long as there's a ship scheduled
to sail through the Golden Gate and sorni
cne on shore — friend, agent, sweetheart or
•wife — Is counting the moments until Its
arrival. -! .vv
porting the movements of the vessels that
come and gD at this harbor.*~Mr." Hyslop
Is still a young man, but he is the oldest
and best friend of the ships that sail the
seas. For there is never a new vessel puts
into this iKirt that Mr. Hyslop does* not
study her thoroughly from bow to stern
so that he'd be able to recognize her in
the dark on her second trip. -As for the
vessels that make steady runs here, Mr.
Hyslop can tell them with half an eye.
He squints his eye at his telescope,
which Is a sixteen-foot magnifier with a
seven and a half inch lens, and every
smudge on the horizon becomes a ship of
some kind, which he can usually name
long before the letters are visible even in
the gJass. All ships do not look alike to
John Hyslop. To the landlubber they have
no personality, But to him each individual
ship has character and a distinguishing
mark that ! makes it possible for him to
name it at a distance ¦when even the
telescope is powerless to decipher the let*;
ters. " . ',
For instance, on the Thursday that the
. Mr.,' Hyslop has the, finest record of any
man In the United < States for sighting
ships ; at long '. distance. : A ' fleck out > at
sea' has often been* named by him'.; One of
his great} feats was ¦' sighting, Identifying
and reporting a steamer at a^distance?of
twenty -seven", and : a half miles. "( It was*
the i ; Quejim of the Pacific f bound ' in } from
VictorlaT B.;, C. , and when Mr/ Hyslop got
his eye* on her and reported her, to the ex'-,
change ; she : : was making out from & Point
Reyes.y ' At -the; exchange the clerk ' did
not- like to: receive and. post the .report
with ; the ship., at suclt an unusual '-dis
tance. " Mr. ; Hyslop's professional pride
was ; aroused and shortly after ' ( wh'en "the
bhipt came; nearer his judgment was" vin
dicated, for. it was the Queen. He named
the steamer when the glass only revealed
the tips of her spars and the smoke," stak-
"Two or three hours later I learned that
my wits .had not gone 'a-gllmmering. -The
reason ,. I could : not : sea her was that » sh i
had had a hole punched in her: bottom by
a* thump on; the bar, had drifted out to
sea again and sunk in twenty-six fathoms
of.. water before the fog." had lifted."'- ¦
¦ "A'V somewhat -similar -experience was
with . the * Palestine about ten" ; years ago.
I sighted her In a break of the fog and
telephoned to the exchange that she wai
crossing the bar. About fifteen , minutes
afterward the fog all blew away and the
Palestine was not in sight. I didn't know
whether I had " been in. a trance 'or. seen
the ' Flying , Dutchman. " :: I nearly ruptured
an eye trying to find the old coal vessel,
but , she \ had J ~ completely , disappeared,
which" fact . I telephoned '.. to . the 'exchange '<¦
"If only the* Rio had fired her guns or
given some signalof distress I might have
flashed •' the news in time," said ' Hyslop,
"for. I was awake, but beyond that toot
of the whistle she gave no sign.
But almost as suddenly as it had lifted
the fog shut down again like a pall,
shrouding land and . sea. Hyslop "heard
the.Rlo's whistle and waited once more to
hear her anchor clang. But Instead the
steamer went plowing through^' the' dark
and fog. Then out: of .the night .and* the
mist came a long 'whistle. But Hyslop
could not guess that that one sound was
the death ; rattle of the Rio going down
with Its precious freight of human souls
to^Davy Jones* locker.
v >"' *¦< - .11
of tne ship. An English vessel can jM£
Identified by the spread, which l» Hsua^/ 4
greater than that of the ships of other
nations, while the hoist is much less than
the American idea of sky-scraping. No
two ships have exactly the same man
ner of setting their staysails. Then there
are a lot of other points that help Iden
tify a sh!p before her name Is visible."
Mr. Hyslop proved this "by taking- a
peep at the glass and identifying the
brig W. S. Irwin from Honolulu, still six
miles out. and the German steamer Tot
mes, and the four-masted schooner Nov
elty, a. bit nearer, but all were white
fcmcdges against the blue to ns.
Mr. Hyslop has been with the Mer
chants' Exchange ever since he was a
boy old enough to run errands. Every
one liked "Johnnie," and as soon as he
was old enough he. was sent down to
Metggs wharf to learn that end of the
business. There he began to take point
ers on the different ships that put Into
port here, and gradually had a valuable
stock of information stowed away that
enabled him to take the Important posi
tion of observer at Point Lobos lookout.
The little house is anchored In a bed of
rocks with rock spikes for anchors. Be
eldes the telescope Mr. Hyslop's appar
atus consists of an anemometer, & bar
ometer, doxens of signal flags and three
thermometers which he reads four times
a day and reports to the exchange and
the' weather prophet.
Mr. Hyslop's home is a steep climb from
the aerie perch to a bit of level land near
the Cliff House. There he lives wj.th bJ»
aunt and cousin when be Is not busy in
the lookout. There is a pretty patch of
garden around the house and Mr. Hyslop
is well content with this home by the
sea. In fact he says he could not sleep
away from the music 'of the billow's roar.
Mr. Hyslop is not only en rapport with
the ships, but he seems to have an almost
clairvoyant power of Identifying th© men
on board the pilot boats. For instance,
some one helloed to find out what pilot
had boarded a steamer, and Hyslop after
a careful scrutiny answered that It waa
Pilot Newton Jordan. "I have trained
myself," he said, "to be able to recognize
them from the slightest clew. I know the
set of their heads, gestures, height, etc.,
so even when I can't get a good look at
their * faces I ¦ can make a pretty safe
guess."
Although Mr. Hyslop is perched way op
there above the world, he has come into
closer contact with death than bis fellow
men who rub elbows with the throbbing
world. For up there within Mr. Hyslop's
ken have been enacted some of the great
tragedies of the- sea. Then, too, many
people of suicidal bent wander out In that
direction and voluntarily plunge to a wat
ery, death. . Mr. Hyslop has found the bod
ies of several suicides washed up on tha
beach. How many others have taken the
plunge in the black of the night under bis
very eyes it is Impossible to say.
But day In and month out these w»it
years John Hyslop has sat trp aloft ard
reported- the doings of Jack Tar to' the
Merchants' Exchange. And it is th««fr«
to . bis prompt and unusually eSedent
work that anxious hearts on shore run get
ruch Quick news of "in sight of port,** "
5
THE MAN ON THE LOOKOUTthird man. Many shots were aimed at
w« JS*^? 4 !. J5 was sr owln S dark and they
were not hit.
n Gordon had a little water in his bottle.
f£»2^ tfa is he save to the dying man. Be^l
an^T«tn^S ?K ey L, bo SP d UI> hia shoulder
an ,°, stopped the bleeding.
H,,Sh d t*?* 1 * vyou-thafs better!" said
3XS he8 : J but J tel1 you «auare • I > must
e on for to win this 'ere pool. thouVh
yt 2"w e - done Christian work fVr me/'
¦mmmwm
»^y n l tu K:ove^eS^£
9 «$£?% «; eat ;hed cover unhurt. h<>
_ Well, I don't know, but I almost think
li£$ 3 'lvan^ t '"i m^ b 1 u^
say r - U? You>u b0 Koing on, I d«e
Gordon -looked out There was riot an
other inch of cover wltHin fifty yards ¥ll
might -, travel . the distance in rVafety -
Seat risk. the dusk; but " would 3 a
;T think'l'U stop," he said.
T the Lord "laughed Evans, "for
I expect I should have • followed if you'd
cone on. , . ' ; t - - 4 --v.-i_j j-wu u
.- Then the two, men ? lay ' dbwn r and!tried
to sleep.;. There had < been ; tremendou^
fighting for the whole of the da.y on'both
sides of the kopjes. ; but the din; of wa?
had. now died^ down, and apparently th«
enemy; still, held his position/;^" y ®
, , Gordon's 1 wound was painful and " h«
could not Bleep; . his companion was rest
less also. .•:-•_-% .-¦..... ¦-¦,.,.-¦ «-.. ¦.. .-¦ .....-¦
both swear^wefwbn'f move on if
the other, sleeps," he^uggestedsuddenly;
and Gordon laughed and agreed.;- ;
¦* '.'You'll think me darned - anxious to win
that pool, and so I am,', 1 continued Evans *
••and as you seem the; right: kind of good*
1^ m ? y ; be ' my last '''"end }¦
on this earth, ,1 don't knowbut ,what I'll?
i . tell .l y .? u ¦ the - reason.". .There's . a 'woman i
In It .. ¦" ".' -:¦„,.. .¦ ' ¦ ... : .:¦:,.¦" -..¦- •- - ....
' > ','No doubt," : said -Gordon; : Vthere iren
erally 4s." Evans grunted, , and thel con;
versatlon languished ; for, a few; minutes "^
."¦- I'l don t J know I why;, you * be * so"
keen - on ; winning : this i yer.* tontine,'' > said •
Evans r presently. .''I » seem to ¦> have 1 par
f ticular> reasons •' they.' say ; one's % own i e\- -¦
ways look the \ biggest ; f I \ suppose -• you're
:•. ¦ ' ' .---- -¦...
•a'married i man?" '*' !'.-..'
"No,: nor likely, to be,",- Gordon gTowled,
"women ain't in my, line."
..;As a- matter of fact, and as . Evans
would ; have : known, ; had he belonged to
;the tUpshires, Gordon ? was populany > sup-'
posed in- the regiment to;havebeen:badi> i
Jilted ; ,hls remarks upon • the '• subject « xtt i
the sex were invariably sour, and s he : had
been 3 heard -4 to , announce s. that ? any ¦:. man
who trusted a' woman must' be the kind 5|
darned fool* that "Is 5 pa3tprayine: for. in
fastening ¦ this y. theory s upon - Gordon the •-¦
.regiment had, for^ -once, ¦ nlade an ac
; curate i guess. ;• He ¦ had been ; abominably
treated but a year, or- two since while sta
¦ tioned ( at •¦ Aldershot, ; his { girl ; , having i sud- '
denly .--- and - ; utterly :A deserted f- him, * pre-
Bumabljr in favor , of^ a younger man, and %
, this within hail of, the wedding day. Gor
• don ¦ never i spoke : of l the ? matter," ; but the ¦
catastrophe had > left \ him a 1 eilerlt.* soured
man.'. and : the { regiment— basing the ;• hy- i
pothesis ", upon ; part knowledeee— had ae-
I curately/ gauged uhe reason \ f or i his stern-"
nessandjBilencerand; for 1 his soured view
of womankind; ;-;.-; ;:> : v : ; :V: ;: ;-- •.-• • - - ;
,\; Evans -'spoke -again • presently :; >
¦i <."I^suppose r* I've behaved ¦¦ 1'* badly ! to"
-her, :', , . he * said , suddenly; •;¦ "for' it's 'two '¦
; years and;:.we^ uln't 5 marrledlyet;^
though she , knows, and; 'so '.'elp \ me God
: 1- swear 1 it s itrue.'j my j one f and|'chief 1 de- *
sire is .to ; do rightljr by • her. a It- was that <
or, nothing; at uhe: time. -l Chaps 1 like c^ne^
and kwe ; fell; in 4ove .with onei another."
* Gordon.^ laughed, and Uhe5 laugh at>
parently. jarred upon ; the other.', for he lav |
. still ..; for some-: little awhile- and said no
:more. : "';_ .v^, ¦-'.-"%'," ¦ ¦ , - ; ' [.
v"You . needn't ; suppose," 'he presumed. '
lifter a pause of a quarter : of. an hour,
during which there was silence . broken
only ! by the sound of , an' occasional snip- '
ing shot or the'cry.of some .wounded man
behind . them : asking for water *or ¦ pray
ing -aloud - that ; for. God's sake ' he might
die. •-•-; "You ¦ mustn't - suppose ¦ I regret . . it ';
or, ever did regret it, or shall.- -I'm- only'
sorry It's so ; long before I've been able
to do right by her." Another, pause, and c
again the single shots and the<
appalling; prayers from the. rear.. ..
:¦- "I've! sent her. what I can," Evans re
sumed; z "but Lord 1 knows ; whether she "
gets it now during this blamed war. She '
doesn't come under. any kind:of list; d'you
'.. see., of v those ,*;¦ to • get .- helped. 1 , and ' who
knows = what i becomes of. letters posted 1 in
this, darned /country? ¦, Three pound -I've .
sent* her h since : the war began.' an* , , my
chocolate box : that * she'll have £ sold for -
; ten , thick '.' uns ¦ If . it ever . reached her. ; but
who's v to -know?". ¦
¦ "Any, kids ?*.!: said Gordon.
.'¦.-• "One, Lord! You never did see Tsuch "a
wonder ! Crawled * at : six -v, months • and
walked: at' tvrelve;. the image of -her moth
er," God bless 5 her. > Lord, . what -wouldn't
;I give to see the pair again before I die!"
-,.Maybe'you : will." said f , Gordon, \ -syni
: pathetically, * ; "maybe ¦:.: you : will. ' Our
:chaps'll fetch us in the morning under the
red flax or they'll take the kopje" ;
' VThafd;be ; all right,",, said Evans, "but
come ' morning ¦ light.! I'm bound , to shove
! on and 2 so • are ; you. 'and;: those * : blamed •
chaps : up there ,-wiir, shoot straighter than
: they,' d.id; last evening, you may bet!"
• Gordon'saidnothlnsr.'A . . , .•
:• "You I see,".4 Evans resumed, presently
. "it , was , like this : t Mildred—". T? ! " . y>
1 f r Gordon gave a great start, almost rising
to.hi»feet.^: ; "¦;-'-.'¦¦•¦«:;•¦".¦ -.¦,-:;:.. .-,-: .. :
»:: 'VJ, What's • up, mate?" . said Evans, "gave
your, arm a twinge? Stop a bit,'; let's see
If I : can ' Ret the bandage more - comfort
able : - like." 8 -. .¦¦-¦•; -v ..... . '.-¦ .- .. -1-"
. r'fYes,-', that's -¦ better," said Gordon''
r "Lord; how ¦ it \ hurt, suddenly ; for all ; the
world r as; though I'd been shot ; over
again.". ,-'.¦- ;;¦¦•..'¦¦¦ ••',= .: : - . ; ¦"•¦.:¦¦ '.-\
i Evans arranged the ibandage and lay'
down-. againr.Iooktng -up at the : stars. '
;"Where;was ?!?"-, : r ¦-¦¦:: ¦.-..•.-.
'.-•jYou \were ! saying something /about the
woman — Martha,* or . Maud — what ¦-. was the
name?".'- - , • -}¦¦: ¦: »•;•-: ---¦¦...•.;,- -:¦= -.- ¦ -¦ .' .... "
: '-'No,;: \ Mildred; ; well ;It!,was ; lika this-
Mildred >sho'd -have- been; married ttoLa.
month to" another bloke; she llkc€@tiBr\ : i
well enough, but for some reatrafe?^**
took a fancy for me, and felt she oiiedrfW
marry him.' Her '¦¦ folks. •-. they -wiaSlt^Mlp
forj forcing her, and she left themV&Tikev "
haven't' took' any, notice 'of hor Hi<K^iJ|5\ l
I don't know that she'd ask theei/nww ¦-
not if she was starving-, she and tlti'fid^t^
¦ ''"What's the kid called?" asked «l'orj|oJl *
"They're both Jliidreds," Paid i?vsna]M *¦
"if you was to survive; this Iyer iib;^M*
I didn't," he resumed after anotheii pair '
" p'raps b you'd 1 look lupsthe'poorjgnB. ti(i '
tell her.what happened, and why I »adn!*'
ecnt;any.cmorP5caah after.; this ;dat<?5ai3GR
can ¦ tell her about '¦ this « tontine, and !««•"
neat Jf as to earning: a hundred pounds!
Lora, now near one can be to 'eaven and
yet just .miss it: this 'ere- pool would
make all 'the difference 'If one had got
"What would you do with the money if
you .was to win it after all?" asked Gor
don. \ ;
Evans'. eyes looked -wistfully into the
distance. He did not answer for a mo
> ment 'or- two. .3F*&ty*Xpf!8EnAiqp$8mtF m &
i "A hundred pounds!" he said dreamily
at last. "I'd set her right, firstly; then
1 don't know.but what I'd rent a cottage
and grow poultry; : anyhow, I shouldn't
leave 'her much; again, -and Lord! we'd
be happy. You ; don't like women, I can
gee, eo you don't understand;. but me and
; Mildred found our fate .when we met and
no mistake about it." : a*
"Ah !".; said ; Gordon.
."Where, was ail ; this?" he asked pres
ently." : " * ; -vj - ¦• . : -: - . ' . ;¦ . ¦ .
"AfAldershot— she's at Dover now, but
her folks are at ' Aldershot tftlll—Macdon
alds. he's a saddle maker in King street,
doing well.: You might tell him about all
this and say I meant well by her. Tell
him us Tommies can't get married Just
I when we please. I -H* • might I forgive her,
• if he'saw.tiie kid. * We'd have been mar
¦ried if l'd : lived, you can tell him. so help
me we should." ' :* . ; " %;¦-¦,
'Gordon said <no more, i Presently Evans
fell asleep. Gordon lay looking up at the
sky," tossing restlessly,: but after a while
he - too ' calmed . down. -and lay fairly still,
buthe did not sleep. . V
He only spoke once, however:\"And at
any rate it's better than I expected. •• he
muttered. •CV.-.::^
: Toward morning he crawled back a cou
ple /)f .yards and Jay well behind Evans.
.Presently he fell asleep. BSBpB|*pgg
Evans woke him when it was nearly
light.-- '¦, ¦ '¦"- ;¦¦•¦ "; -¦•¦¦ ¦ ¦ v
V, "I: thought I'd 'tell you mate, : I'd be up
and . off ;. when ;. you're ' fair .- awake. I
¦"wouldn't steal a march. on you.".
;"Stay. where* you are behind the rock,
and 1 don' t be a — — fool : - can't * you : sen
; you're in, front of mo?" said Gordon. -"I'm
going, no further,- not a blamed ; yard." -¦"
"I must," said Evans. . "You was as
far..- as ; me. last'? night, up at "the stones;
-,Xi must go i on .to-.the \ next cover , to wia."
/"You "have i.won.'V said ~ Gordon,-' "sea
where you i are; and J. where lam."
-.."I'd '¦ rather.* fight 1 square for ; the tontine '
l>-ou're 'dealings* generous because of my
Istory— "¦¦-.¦ r ? ,
:¦ "Get out," said: Gordon.. ".'I'm not such
w a fool; I'm. not .tit U , move;: I : tried to
crawl home. while you were. asleep, feelin'
bad; jbut ' I; couldn't ti lvel ¦' more'n a yard
tprUwo." .;¦ - , ¦:.,-.-- . - •• ¦¦'-,.¦ .
|i"Comelalong!and I'il help you— we'll lie
abreast'and win if tog"»ther, why shouldn't
we ¦ divide j the- stake* V-'"* '
be," said Gordon, !Tm too bad
toiniove.Vj^ttHBBRSUW*^*^- ' - \< - ¦¦¦
M^'AVeU. you ; are a good 'un. one of ; the
3Rst, ... paid Evans. 1 = "Look r-.'erp.v now '' I
¦pn't JToIns.oiuiif.ycu're.batl, I'm bad too
!l.ov.\;ithen; lot 'me .help '-you- back behind
"tese-yere slonc8;-t&e>-'ll get you out here
in the errasa.**
¦ As . thouph #t--> prove the truth of . this
statement a volley of rifie shots rang out
from the top of the kopje, and Evans fell
over- across Gordon's body.
Gordon dragged him behind the stones
and examined him carefully. "Where'v*
they hit you. ladr* he said.
"Through the body," said Evans, •faint
ly. ."I think this'U do me.. See my girl if
you can. mate, and tell her — goes by the
name of Mrs. Evans — 14 Duke "street.
Dover. Lord Mm faint!"
. "Keep alive till doctor comes and you'T*
won the tontine." said Gordon. "Buck op,
old man!".
"Can't— can't," murmured Evan*. **Oh,
dear me! Oh, dear!"
An hour later Gordon. saw to his joy
that the ambulance men were out on th«
hill bringing: in the wounded and buryinj
tce> dead. Evans was still alive but un
conscious. .Gordon moistened his lips and
temples with the few remaining drops of
water.- He waved a handkerchief persist
ently, and at length a couple of men. hav
ing burled Hughes, who lay close at hand,
reached- his sanctuary. The doctor* and
the »chaplain were with ..them.
~*'Are -you -th« last?" asked • the doctor.
"If so. I congratulate you. for you'v» won
the : tontine." -¦% • v .
"This is the winner," said Gordon; "he's
a yard higher - than me— he's alive. Isn't
he?*: :.
"Yes. he's alive." said the doctor; "just
alive;; couldn't you have got In front of
him? You seem fairly well, barring that
arm."", .
"Faint, doctor: couldn't drag myself an
other inch, not for a hundred pounds and
that's the truth!"
It'.was.not the truth, bat perhaps the
recording angel dealt leniently .with th«
lie. The doctor believed It.
"Well.. you've had the most infernal
luck." he said. "If the man had twopen
north of grit," he added afterward to the
cthaplain. "he'd , have " dragged , himself
ahead of the other fellow; his wound isn't
as bad as all that.
.-.-¦¦ •¦-' •...¦•-".-•••.¦ - :• ' • •
Gordon was '•till In the hospital when he
read among the items cf war news in a
Cape paper the following:
~ "Sailed for England, invalided home.
Nor 439, Thomas Evans, Brockelhurat
Rifle3." '
..Evans' was the fourth name in the list;
against It were' placed the words, "doinir
well.'.' .-; >'
Gordon has received a scrawl from the
young Rifleman before this. It contained
the following passage after the expression
Oi grntltude: "I ; found out your name,
and Mildred shall know It, and the kid
too. and ihe youngster shall be taught to
mention: it in her prayers. •• •"
\"I think I need all they- can do for me
In that line," gaid Gordon, when be read'
thls.v-"*and perhaps a little more." He
siphed and sat -for an hour staring out of
the > window. Then he z tried -to . read the
paper, but the attempt was a failure.
He kicked It away and laughed.
*?What a—^-'old fool Iamr he said.
f*Copyrigni in the United States of Amer
c __ 4ca by D. T. Pierce.]
; *J™\ RIVATE Billy Harkness passed
!Tj 1 half the night before the battle In
H-^ collecting subscriptions for what he
I called a "tontine" for those who
tX» were to take part in the frontal
portJo:.- of the attack. There were to^ be
about 100 men engaged in that dangerous
enterprise, about half a company of
Billy's own regiment, the Loyal Upshlres;
and the same number of the Brocklehurst
Rifles, r •
Billy's scheme caught on well enough,
though many of those asked — and willing
— to enter the tontine did not possess
either the sovereign which he required of
them or even half that sum. From these
Billy accepted an order for the money
against the next installment of pay due
them. In this way, and with the help
of donations from officers and others,
Billy collected for his tontine over £100
In cash and promises. This he deposited
to the hands of the regimental doctor,
with explanations.
"But how am I to know who has won
lit?" a*ked the medico.
And Billy explained that Blue© It wouid
b« the doctor's duty after the light to
find and fetch In. with his bearers and
ambulance, the -wounded, and bury the
dead, it would be easy for him to Judge
who was the man entitled to sweep the
pool.
"It's him that gets farthest, alive but
wounded." Billy said; "the unwounded is
disqualified, sir."
"What if two ere toother?" asked th«
doctor.
Tou*ll have to Judge, sir. If you'U be
good enough," Billy explained; "and If
you was to sec fit to divide the pool
among two or three, there'd be no one
would dispute your decision.**
The doctor accepted his appointment,
laughingly congratulating Billy upon his
tontine. "It's a grand plan, Harkness,"
be said, "and no mistake! But it's hard
on the chaps that pet in unwounded, if
£nr 4o!"
•'You're right sir. It does seem so."
Billy replied. "But if they do get in.
why, lord, they'll be glad enough to have
got off with whole skins and to let some
one else take the pool!"
There was a kopje that stood In the way
of the British advance, like a. lion in the
path. The great rocky bill was firmly
held by a strong commando of Boers,
•who had Intrenched themselves after
tneir fashion, and had mounted several
euns to command the approaches.
The position was practically impreg
nable to frontal attack, for from the foot
of the kopje there ran out in this direc
tion a level plain, without cover or with
only an occasional thornbush or isolated
stone or rock. Troops attacking from
the front would be exposed to a wither
ing flre from every gun and rifle that the
Boers should choose to bring to bear
upon them, and must advance half way to
the foot of the hllL
For this reason the position was to be
attacked from both flanks, only the two
half companies already mentioned being
detailed to draw the flre of the enemy
and keep his attention as far as possible
from the main attack by . attempting, or
pretending to attempt, to rush the position
from the front. The task entrusted to the
hundred brave fellows seleced for ; tnls
enterprise was dangerous enough. It was
likely to prove fatal to most or all of
those concerned, and that was why Bill
Harkness thought of his tontine, and why
tils ingenious idea "caught on" among
those about to take part in the affair.
The four young officers engaged com
menced operations overnight by placing
their handful of men in skirmishing order
under what little cover each man could
find for himself at three-quarters of a
mile from the kopje.
At dawn the guns from the British posi
tion shelled the Boer camp with vigor, as
though preparing for a frontal attack in
force, the little body of scattered men of
the Upshlres and Rifles supporting the il
lusion by peppering the hill with immense
energy from a hundred, points. in such a
manner as to lead the enemy to suppose
they were being attacked by a* very much
larger force, while the troops engaged in
the main movement made wide sweeps to
right and left Under good cover. So much
tor the battle, which went ultimately in
favor of the British. It Is with the move
ments of the hundred or 59 of men en-
Ettfced in the frontal attack that we are
concerned at present.
The enemy replied to their flre with a,
furious fusillade of shrapnel, which
searched the hiding- places of our handful
of subscribers to Billy's tontine and killed
or wounded a score of them before the
men had advanced one Inch from the po
sitions each had taken up under cover of
darkness.
At length the signal was given for the
advance, and each man left Wb shelter to
creep or rush over as many yards of open
as lay between him and the next spot,
nearer the kopje, where he could lie con
cealed while re put in a few shots from
him own rifie and drew fifty from those
of unseen Boer marksmen.
It was a lamentable task that was set
the poor fellows, and they were not long:
in learning this. , In the first rush forward
some twenty or thirty fell dead or wound
ed and were left lying in the open, to wrig
gle, if alive, toward some tuft of grass or
any kind of shelter from the hall of bul
lets which swept over every moving thing
visible to the Boers. Many found it better
to lie still, rather than attract the ene
my's fire by making any movement, and
so they Jay and suffered throughout the
scorching day, without water and with
out shade, dead and dying together. '
For many hours the skirmishing attack
continued. The men knew well enough
that they could not take the position and
were not expected to do so; that they
were there to draw the enemy's fire and
hold his attention by constantly creeping
closer and by pouring- in bullets enough
to delude him, If possible. Into supposing
that he was' being attacked by a large
force.
By 4 in the afternoon there may have
been a 6core of men left unwounded. or
so slightly wounded as to be able to con
tinue the advance, which was. of course,
by this time perfectly useless and aim
less; but the men remaining In the run
ning remembered the tontine, and though
they would have served the military pur
pose for which they had been set that
fatal task quite as well by lying, each In
the safest spot he could find, until night
or until the kopje should have been taken
by the main attack, each man now
thought of his chance for the hundred
pounds pool and pushed on, watching his
rivals and trying to gain a foot or two of
space for the tontine's sake, but thinking
little of the enemy, who sat and picked
him off whenever he moved, as a man
may sit and shoot the rabbits that dart
from hole to hole.
By 6 m the evening there were five men
still In the running; by 7 there were three
Two of them were close together, run
ning—as it were— neck and neck, so close
to one another that they made when they
moved for the same rock: or thorn bush.
The third man. was fifty yards away on
th . eIr v Utt and P« rha P s a yard or two
ahead. The two watched the one with
anxiety, realizing that he was slightly in
front .The- single man was an- Upshiro
private, while of the other pair one was
a sergeant in the' same regiment and the
other a fine young ' private ; in the Rifles :
These two conversed in a friendly manner
In spite of their grim rivalry. Each was
slightly wounded. The older man was shot
through the left arm; . the younger
dragged his right foot , Both were glad I of
their wounds, for by virtue of them they
were qualified to win Billy Harkness' ton
tine. As for Billy himself, he had fallen
long since and lay groaning a quarter of
£ •P llle «-? wa ?- wlth a sh °t through his
body. The third man still in tne running
appearedto^be pretty badly wounded; he
Ihnn^h ? ° Wly % Iay ' down constantly,
though hejsecmed determined to continue ;
Gordon; the. sergeant, knew him. "•" "r
It is Hughes. '• he said; "poor devil h»
eeerns pretty- badly hit. Hughes.' lad,'' he
continued .. shouting* "what d'you . feel!
where have they got you?" * " %£?'(
"Through the shoulder, — — them."the ;
man shouted back. .-."I can't go on much
loneer-rm dead falnt-I'm bleedln* to
death! . : \
J!* J^ n<t . j-**5 k we ' v « Kot : to , fear i him
much, said the younger man, Evans of
the Rifles. "It'll be between yotrand
me, . sergeant." : .¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦-¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦
Gordon lay staring af Hughes.
"I tell: you what, youngster,': he gald
presently. "I'm off to have a look at the
poor chap; if« getting dusk, ; there's not '
so much- risk. 1 might as well bo there
as here; better, for he's further on than"
we. S9BKHP*MQffiHHQDMBMBRHS' r> '
-''Come on. then, mate. I'll lend a hand
with him, too,"., said „ Evans. -- "Lord •
night's : coming on, we may as well hang ¦
toepther and- talk, while we're alive!" •
The two men • crept ¦ across ; toward i the i
THE SUNDAY : C ALI*.
6
THE TONTINE OF THE LOYAL UPSHIRESwert so Easy P" and ¦ he kicked the
Monkey across the Fence.
Moral: If your Partner's Graft; is
to Skin People, what is to Hinder him
. from Skinning YouP
Encore: . The Silent Partner should"
Make Good by keeping a Gimlet Eyo
on the Books.
Last Jolt: Stay on the Farm until
thou learnest to Shave thy Face
Properly. . •
BESMIU^^^K - - . -
THERE once was a vain Young
Cock who loved to fly up on , the
Bidge-Pole and Crow. .
Now the old Nestor of the barn
yard nad many times , warned; the
¦ Young , : Cock against this .Vanity.
'•Behold!" saidCthe Old Bird;/^thjejri:
be Eagles lurking about "i who have
, a Weakness for^Young',Cocks."
"Go to!" cackled , the] youth: "IiOl
I am a Cock of MuchiValorl My, voice
if« Terrible and 'my Spurs are the Beal
: -TMngjr Bring on your /Eagles . and
see Mo ' Do ¦ Things i,to ithem !*.'; and * ha
-swelled up* for another War Whoop. - [,
:-.\ Just ' then ;there -was ' a" v might yv-
Boar and a rushing \ of Wings ail a^
Fierce . Ea gle ¦ swooped by and : ; went J
darting, down/ the' Valley. ;
. : V'Never r Touched Ms 17 chortled the
\ Excited "Young J Cock, and ; he Crowed
$$&Mi&M$M Wfl ° polJl 1 d T>-oljbT$
TO "
DATE,
frantically; but in the Very Middle of
his Song of Triumph the Eagle's Mate
•which had been following I clo9» " be
hind . took the .vain '.Young . Cock V in
his Talons and soared away/; /,*,; . ',
r '-'l j told you Tso l"> screamed the' Old
CockV v ": : ---;"' ,-; ¦ . - ¦¦ I
?' Alas !'r; squalledl the ;Young Vic
tlm,','i,"I ywould have been more 'cau
tious ) had '- X • known he '¦ Was .Twins I"
Moral: "vi Trouble ¦ comes freely
enough /without being dared. ..
• The Straight Tip:? The' Old Booster
•who: happens *tb b» your \ Dad may. be
a Fool;,but when hetries to PutiYdu
Wise it is > well -to remember that - hs
has B«eii ; There. .;' ' '. : /; : Y-;.\ \ .?
Tbeme: ? Don't brag because
Trouble missed; you -the ;First]Shot.
Trouble! hasTa": way "of ' Cutting ' Loose
ifithTthel Second 'Barrel.: ; -
before a Wine Shop, with divers and
many other Men of Belial looking on
and having a Gay Time. 4
"Aha!" gurgled the Good Person,
•'This is my Cue!" and she reached,
forth her hatchet and sought to make
the belligerents to Break Away.
"Cease this unseemly contention!'*
said the Good Person sternly; and she
took the revelers by -tha Beard and
emote them with a righteous smiting
upon the Cheek.
Now, tha ' Good Person " was a
mighty Woman of Valor with her
¦tongue; but her hands had never been
trained to the TJpper-Cut and the
Cross- Wallop and the Scissors Punch;
neither wotted she of tho Solar Plexu*
nor^ the Short- Arm Jab; Wherefore,
these Men of Belial rose up against
l*er and smote her grievously upon
the nose * and they tore her hair and
chewed her ear; yea, likewise they
trod upon her features and Handed
Forth'a wonderful collection 'of * the
Latest Cusswofds. Then they took
her Gold Spectacles, her Chronometer,
her hatchstbag and othor heirlooms
. and" departed, leaving * her Groggy
and Disreputable in the Gutter|b€^?.
fore the Wine Shop.'""
' When : after a few hours the Good
Woman Got Wisa to her Identity, and
extracted herself from the Earth and ¦
' wobbled home-ward/ saying,
'•Behold! the tongue is Mighty as
a reformer; but the Best Bower is a
Gatling.Gun!"
Morai: Avoid the contamination
of Evil Things. Throwing yourself
into the nvdst of a Dog Fight might
in no wise iajurs your Character;
but , any one s»eing you would know
you had been in a Dog Fight. •
Second Lead: Moral ' Suasion Is a
. Good ,Thing; but it winneth Much
More resp«ct whsn Btxcked by a Club.
Third Chunk : Neve r Growl ~v rn \iiww
you are able to Make' Good.
(Copyright, 1901, by A. J. f Moore.V
The Vaf n youns cod* wte uoved to o-ow
Pll-BttfES>
STT^n* pap*ne 1 ' an d H? s Qon^ £ c*
Tttp 1 . Ass and the -Honkey went
into business tog-ether.
ffotr was it eo that the Asa
was a Financier; but the Monkey was
an innocent Gazabo with, a childish
expression and a circle of Whiskers
beneath his chin.
"Behold!" said the' Ass, "thou hast
2£uch Wealth and I have Hone; yet
.have I Experience, a fine Voice and
the Ability to Work People. Where
fore, let us Pool Assets; do thou fur
nish the Dough and I the Experience*
Thon shalt b« the Silent Partner
"While I Talk for Two and work my
Graft" BBI
' This sounded good to the Trustful
Monk. So he Pungled Forth a Largo
Wad; after which he sat down and
b?g-an his stunt of Being Silent.
Bow it came to Pass that they did
ITuch Business; for the Ass had a
most Irresistible Voice and the Sea
ton Was Good for Suckers. By and
by. however, the Monkey became un
easy; for lo! his clothes were in Bag*
and ha was Near Starving. The Aeir
had declared No Dividends and th«
Eooks were I/ocked Up.
At last the Monkey could stand it
No Long«r.
"See thou here, Partner!" quoth
he, "When do I come inP"
"Go to!" brayed the Ass, "thou
ccinest not in at all! Thou wert to
have been a Silent Partner and lo!
thou hast broken thy Contract by thy
Tool Question! Hike thee Forth now
with Much Speed!"
"Alts!" wailed the Poor Monk,
•Tffcthinks I have been Skinned V*
E"And how could I help Skinning;
Thee," retorted^hs Ass, "When thou
The First Good Word Ever Spoken
for Cigarettes as Helps
to Health.
ITS ALL well enough to Inveigh against
the cigarette," eaid a man from Mis
souri the other night, "but I want you
to know that I'm the firm friend of the
so-called coCln nail. If It hadn't been for
the fact that I was an inveterate cigarette
smoker, I might not be here spinning this
yarn. s \
"Quite a number of years ago It bo hap
pened that it W2s necessary for me in the
course of my business to go on the.St;
Louis Fire Department, temporarily. Ap
parently I was a real fireman and I was
regularly assigned to one of the engine
house* In the business part of St. Louis.
"One night we were called out for a fire
in the cellar of a candy store. Pretty
soon a battalion chief came along.
" 'Burst that grating,' the chief yelled at
one of my company.
"The mas grabbed an az and began
smashing the iron bars. He had them out
of the way in a second and then the
chief yelled at me to take the hose into
the cellar. It looked like sure death to
xne. Smoke -was pouring out of the cellar
in dense black clouds and all above flames
were to b« Been. Down I went with my
foreman and two other men.
"The nnoke -was the tousrhest proposi
tion I had ever been up against. My eyes
burned as though acid were in- them. I
heard the other firemen coughing and
gasping for breath, but- strangely enough
my lungs were not »«riously affected. We
kept on groping our way In and now we
could se« the flzmea ahead of us. Tb9
fir* yrejf gaining and the firemen were
. . - . >. - • ......
showing signs of. great. distress. Before
long one of them keeled over. Two of his
comrades dragged him out and then came
on back. ' ;. '. .
" 'You'd better get out of this,' said the
foreman to me. "You can' t ; stand it any
longer, for I'm about to go under mj-
sejf/A " ¦ _•.: - : ".- -s; : : '-, : .:r ;-:v; ; * ¦
" *Oh,, I'm all right,* ; I said, for I was
really not as much In distress as when
I first gut In.
"Hy eyes had improved now that they,
were watering so furiously and my bron
chial tubes were holding out .with amaz
ing tenacity. In five minutes ' more one
of the chaps ~ who had .carried out the
other fireman was overcome by the
smoke and be bad to be lugged out. Ho
was an old-timer and when ¦ he • came to
outside he asked where the greeny was.
When they told him I was still Inside
he groaned In shame and said that I must
have been born In hell.
4 'Wdl, I stuck It out through the whole
fire and when It was all over, the old fire
men told me I was certainly 'a wonder.
And so I really was. and I can say that
without taking any credit to myself. It
was just a case of cigarette smoking.
"For years I had been inhaling all sort3
of cigarettes, and I had so accustomed my
bronchial tubes and the upper part of, my
lungs to smoke that the- smoke from
the fire did not hurt me half so much as
the regular firemen, who had been fight
ing: fires all their lives. So here Is a tip
for all fire departments: If they want to
have their men able to. stand all kinds of
smoke, just teach them to smoke and in
hale cigarettes and they will develop Into
regular salamanders.".£&$g
Fish That Remained Frozen for
Eleven Years and Then
Came To Life.
1 HAVE read with a great deal of in
. terest ¦ an article headed' ."Life In
Frozen Fish." While it does not seem
credible that fish can be frozen unt!l
they are as hard as a stone and upon
being placed in. cold- water for a few mo
ments only become as lively as ever, it
Is. nevertheless true. . - -- .
In 1S73 I was residing at Junction City,
a pretty little city located in a romantic
spot on the banks of Mill Creek In cen
tral Wisconsin. The country at that tlreie
was -new and fish and game were plenti
ful. Mill Creek was at the time famous
as a trout stream, it being no trouble a?
all to catch fifty pounds of speckled trout
In a half day's fishing. February 15, 1S73-
I A remember ¦ the date because it was my
twenty r first birthday— I took down niv
rifle and struck out into the forest for the
purpose of killing a deer. I had wandered a
distance of, perhaps two miles, when I ran
onto an old hunter who had cut a hole In
the Ice, through whlch*he was fishing for
trout. He was meeting with great suc
cess, for scattered all around him couM
be seen the speckled beauties, where h.*
had thrown them as he took them off his
hook. I was Invited to help myself, which
Invitation I cheerfully accepted and I
proceeded to put a number of the fish In
my game bag.
It was just 4:47 o'clock when I returned
homethat afternoon, tired and hungrv,
and. after hanging: up my rifle, took one
of the largest of the trout and placed It
out In a large cold-storage warehouse
that stood near my house, intending to
present It to "Uncle" Sam Carson for Ms
breakfast the next morning. Tho fish
was forgotten and as a result lay In that
warehouse solidly "frozen until June 10,
18S4. JS*ow, here is the strange part of
my story, which I should hesitate to re
late had not the article referred to paved
the way. as it were.
On the night of the date last mentioned.
Just about eleven years after this flah had
been placed In tlie cold storage, tha build'
Ing was totally destroyed by fire. During
the process of the fire the Fire Depart
ment. In the effort to save the property,
had thrown sufficient water to fill up thj
cellar, which by the way, was. walled up
in rock and cement, and was, therefor*,
water tight. Three years later It was do
cided to rebuild' the cold-storag-e ware
house upon the site originally occupied,
and men were set to work pumping the
water out of the cellar, which the raln<*
had kept well filled. To our amazement
447 fair-sized speckled trout were taken
out,- besides the old one, which had evi
dently fallen into the cellar at tho time
the warehouse was destroyed, thawed
out and spawned. The original trout was
easily Identified, one of Ifs eyes having
been accidentally knocked out and a part
of its tail broken off before It was placed
In the warehouse.
Any one doubting the truthfulness .of
this story can easily be satisfied by writ
ing to Frank Blood or Arthur Sturtevant
of Stevens Point, "Wis., or to Eugene
Sheppard of Rhinelander, "Wls.— Georgo
E. Oster In Chicago Inter Ocean.
PECULIAR TALE OF A MOOSE THAT PROVED A MONEY MAKER.
EVERYBODY who has hunted In
northern- Somerset County, Maine.,
In the j last «lx years has become .
morejor less acquainted v.-ith Bar- .
Ing.- the • tame bull moose' that has ' lived
at Dave Joslin*s camp. Since the passage
cf the new code of game laws It has re
quired a, good deal of diplomacy for. a
Maine man to keep. a nioose in! captivity ,
without 1 coming Into conflict with the v.ar
dens.',Under.^the revised •' regulations . no^
cow moose" may. be k'Ued at any time}* n^, .
bull ma>vbe slain ' except for' two months^
in the fall, and no moose of any, kind may
be held In< restraint under | penalty , of $103 *
fine and, two naonths in Jail "for -every 'of- -
fense. ¦ : • •' r
Joslin found his moose when it was a :
calf/ The moose was stuck. in a hoc and
would have perished in a few days' If he
had not been rescued. He grew up among
the cattle on^ the farm, going and coming
as 'he 'pleased. Joslin was arrested, three
times for having; a .noose In his posses
sion contrary to law.
"I Jess wish you'd send a Sheriff up and
drive Baring off ter- tb" woods," he told
the Judge. "He's expensive, to, keep, -an*
I'm tco poor . to he 1 / him loafln' 'roiin'l'
doln' nothln* but ear up good hay. I'd a
shot him long-ago" If it hadn't been fer '
th* law, which will tine me- fer It."
The Sheriff and a oosae of men went to
Joalln's place three times In two years to
take the moose out of captivity. They led
the ; animal over hlile . and across rivers,"
taking; him fifty miles ,6r more : from his
old haunts before turning him loose. In
spite of their labors Baring: turned Up safe
and sound in Joslin's barnyard the next
morning; so when the wardens found they
could not dog the moose away they let
Joslin 'alone.
The turning • point In Baring's career
came when he was two ysars of age. He
would go to the^paMure with the cattle
every morning, but soon after reaching
the enclosure he would Jump out and go
to the fields where there was better. feed.'
If the moose had made his calls on fields
In the neighborhood and kept out'of^Jos
lln's • garden there v/ould have been.no
trouble: but when " Baring began ". to crop ;
the string beans that were growing for
the purpose of fee.llng boarders at Jos
lln's camp It was a serious matter.
In the middle of September Barint:
found himself tied t-y a long line to a
cro^vbar In . the; middle of a clover field
on a back lot near the woods. This was
a state of affairs (or which Barine" had
not bargained. _ He rulled at h^s, tether
until ' he was'\rear»-,' a*id;.then'.- he lltl".'l
his voice, and Sent it ringing through the
&£9**'"\}-~ -&%'¦ ':- : :'.;:-;'.''>
¦"... Hefore^he .had : cay^di- a v dozen; t!m,es fa
wild moqse "made answer; giving an r/ngry
challenge to all comers.; Baring returned
the compliment with, vigor, and .as he
couldjnot get to the wild moose" the wjld"
moose- came, out 'and' gave battle.'. "
' t When Joslln readied the field he f9und
two moose tangled up in thirty feet of line
and flKhtlnp so earnestly" that neither paid
any attention to his approach.'. He. lib
erated the wild animcl and led Baring
home [fcrj needed repairs. ¦'¦ ; ¦-'-. ¦
¦*VhlIe his tame' beast wr»g terribly gored
and nearly. dead from loss 'of blood JosMn
did not- mind the misfii tune. 1 By the tim?
open season for. moose was on Baring was
fully, recovered, and Toslin went aboi;t
amonp his guests teliin^ them he. had d:s
covered a way by wnich all of them could
secure a nioose without much effort.;
For four>easons Rtirins-' was tied -, on
barren spots araon? the woods, where h»
moaned in his most, lovesick tones for
something to" eat. making sounds to which
the wild moose Interpreted to mean; a de
fiance, to combat. ] How many, big moose
were phot by the means of Baring's allur-
Ins voice Joslin will not: tell. -His camp
was filled with satisfied moose hunters for
four seasons, and last year he built a
large tenement house m the city of Au
burn, paying, for it from * the earnings- of
his tame moose."
. It sometimes happenecl that no hunter
was ; near ¦ when a moose came forth - to
fight, In which case Bp.rlng was obllge'l
to settle the battle without help, which he
did by windlng.the iine around the antics
of his adversary and throwing him" to the
ground/ where Barlne could gore "and
trample upon him Tat leisure."
Last season ended c with - twenty-seven
bull * moose to Baring's credit.' every "one
of. which .was as good as> $50 clear profit to
Joslln. As Boon as the snow, fell and the
cattle were housed for the winter Baring
was set free* to go to *he woods and get
fat on messes 'and white maple bark, two
kinds of / food of which moose are very
fond.
For. three or four weeks the moose came
to his pen at-nlght anJl was shut up and
got his accustomed rations of hay and
raw potatoes. One night a'fter the b'.sr
snow in \ f January, Bating did ¦ ; not com*?
home. .. Joslin waited ¦ two weeks, hoping
that -he would turn \vtzt.-.- Then he hunted
a few days on snowshoes without result.
.Along In'. the. middle «f February he col
lected a crew of "men and "went out on a
determined search. The second day from
home the men found a- large moose yard,
holding" one.; male and eight females. On
thVapproach of the party the cows fled In
terror, but the bull stood his ground, com.
lnu^up and playfully' greeting- the men
with ' awkwbrd 'flourishes of head arid
heels; Joslln at once recognized, the head
of. the harem as Baring. ,
i,On Investigation he found the body of a
large, bull that had oefn slain In battle.
Joslln concluded that Baring had killed
the.'hcad of the-moos-3 family In a fair
fifrht. and then^' seeing the mischief he' had
wrought,, remained to protect the helple33
females. .
Barinir, who 1 was now too valuable an
animal, to ; los/. was Ixkcn back to camp
and locked In plde hls» oid auarters, but hp
broke. down the log. wails, and escaped on
the second night of his captivity, and Is
now deep In the forest , caring for the
widows of the enemy lie* had slain. -
-.-.-.?.--..«_-*._-.... - ¦ . , ¦ f . ¦ ¦
Whan Joslln ; started to . get ¦ up a new
hunting party the game wardens Informed
him, that; he iwould be arrested "and, fined
If he undertook the quest. Not wishing to
lie In Jail for. two mont'ia when manle sap
was flowing at its best, he has reluctantly
consented to stay at home, though he still
has hopes that , Barlne \t111 come back as
soort as the cows are -able ; to . care for
themselves. Otherwise Joslln .will have to
cancel a score or more of profitable orders
from'_ sportsmen who are ' coming'. for
moose next fall.— New York Sun. i-
(CoprrUM, 1KU byCfl. Lewis.)
IT -mm m. -week before Mr. Bowser set
out to look for boarding-house No. 4
and he wouldn't have made the move
then exceot that one of his friers
B&ld to him:
"Look here. Bowser, I boarded for nine
years with the "Widow Adams of Joy
street. She's a pood, old-fashioned wo
man and her house Is run in the old-fash
ioned New England way. You'll be taken
In there as a son. and if you find one
single thing to kick about Til eat my hat.
Why, you couldn't feel more ««t liome in
your own mother's house." ¦
Mr. Bowser was doubtful, but he set off
to Interview the landlady. He found her
to be a little old woman' about 60 years
old, with her face all smiles and wrinkles.
The flrst glance Into her. countenance set.
him to thinking of his mother and' fried
cakes and pumpkin : pies.
"My. son, "she said, "come and live with
me. I like your looi.s. You remind me
of my lost Albert. You shall have any
room In the house, and there will .be no
charge whatever." • .
"Oh, I couldn't do that," he protested.
"I Bhall be glad to find things, to. my ''ilk-'
Illlll ¦¦¦¦¦¦IWIWI^IIIMHI i I Jli I ' Hi" "JW"»liHiMI
My son, must you go?" asked ths
mother with a trembling voice.
"You bet I must!" reclled Mr. Bowser.
"Then he Is a man who does not lov*
his country." said evarybody In chorus.
. and all eat down and left him to ro fortn
into the darkness of a cold world and kick
the first dog he came to. It was his last
experience, but when Mrs. Bowser re
turned after her month's trip and asked *
him how he had enjoyed his' boarding
house he looked her square In tha eyt-s
and. replied:
"Bang np. If I had my way about It.
we'd break up to-morrow and go to board
ing. 1 '.
¦ . . ¦ ¦
"Is this going to be a steady -thing?"
he asked of the landlady.
"This boiled dinner, my son, is. No 1780
without', a '.break." she answered.
.''Then you'll excuse me If I vacate?"
"But surtly. my 3on, - you -. are In ' tha
midst cf home and frlcr.da. Would vou
like, seme cold biscuits and calf*s foot
Jelly?"
."I'd like to settle my bill and get out:"
he replied as he "rose up..
The landlady rose up with him. So. did
the dozen 1 patriots and patriotessea around
the table.
f7&, GOOD Person went forth upon
/Z-A\ the Highways looking for some ¦
«^» thing '.to Bef brm. -
"Behold V*J said the f Good Person.
"I ' shall Smash Vice j it fap
:pears!>'Yea,Vverily,!I^will*take th e .
Erring One by the beard and - smi te
-him' hip'', and thigh from Dan to Beer
eheba!" and she went forward foil-
I !ng her <yes and Lookin g ; Stern. "
V''rAnd: as ' she - through c
Wicked !> Place she " came upon itwr
Jlen of ' Belial- contending ' violent^
Ing:, but I shall pay. your price, of course."
"Well,:. we'll talk about that some day.
I am old and- lonely, ami all. I keep a
boarding-house for Is that I may have
. cheerful company around me.' Just
". .-' your trunk ever and tako possession of
-.' the 1 front room on the second floor,, and
¦ - 1; want yon to Ro.nro'und^ whistling:,, and
slnginc and feeling that you've como home
;•_ to mamma, . If you wnnt a boiled dinner,
1 'a hasty puddir.g^cr hulled corn, Just tell
: me ro any time,. and If there are socks xo
-'darn cr button* to "sew on don't fear, to
make me trouble. Dear me. but you are
the very picture of Albert. That is. Albert
. ¦would. have looked' just' like you If he had
lived thirty years loriger." 7
Mr. Bowser didn't exactly like the room."
It had a'coloninl look. ..The wallpaper was
'r off In spots, thrrc was a piece' of the ceil
ing ready to fall cn the^bed and the fur
.nlture had evidently flgufod in the battle
of Lexington, lie! also thought the.land-,
lady'was too good, buthe dec.'ded. to'try
It; a« a, fourth and last experiment. H>?
appeared 'jitd5rirc;f in a doubti'isr state of
mind, but an apreeable surprise awaited
h!m.' It;was an ol«J-fa3hioned New Hamp-'
shire boiled dinner, w^h Vermont cider;
"on the side, and it was served up' in the
: old-fashioned way of ", allowing everybody V
to' help < himself. "'• There .was a pumpkin
pie as they make it in. Salem, ai:d there
.were fried cakes looking:. just like' the first
dozenturned'out in Rhode Island.
"My son, you see^ how it is," said the
landlady alter' dinner, ."arid If you, don't .',
proceed to make yourself at home -I shall •
.feel grieved.- If you arelonesome for the ]
cat. go and bring her over here. I allow i
my.' boarders to keep cats, doss, parriiti." :
monkeys, denkeys, canaries, magpies and
any other^ pets,' and they are ¦ fed free of
expense."
. Mr.' Bowser felt a bit conscience strick
en about the cat and decided, to go around
to the house for a few minutes. As ha
reRched the gate -' he found , the ; feline sit
. ting on the top step. It was bright moon
'/light* and he; could, see that one of her
.' ears'-. had .been chewed, and one of h<;r
,' eyes' bunged .up. 't That; proud; arch of he
back .was gone and It was easy- to see that
f he felt all alone in the .world and hadn t
a. cent to pay_ for; her night's lodging.
"Puss;- puss, .puss!" ' called-' llr. Bows-T
in a voice intwhlch there v.-as* sympathy,
: but' the -cat. .fixed her ore eye on tho
. moon' overj his head and Etarod at : It 'ami
•treated presence, with contempt. \1q
had gone back on her. and she liad a dig
nlty to rratntaln.
"Then. y«u just go to thunder, you e!iV
tramp cat, * you!" ; he .exclainied as lie
-''shook.hls;flst;at her-and turned av/ay.
'.For/ breakfast -at; his New Englan 1
home ¦ he had Connecticut hash, Massa- .
: chesetts coffee i and :• two 'colonial boiled
. eg^s, -probably -laid In ..Vermont • some ' few
days* after Putnam entered the/wolf's flea.
-He": felf like ;. kicking/, but' an ," old gray
headed patriot who*' sat' next to hinisa-.fi
that such a breakfast, in the time of th*
pilgrim fathers would i have" been declar,..]
fit"; for a Governor. -.The landlady,* too, ob- ¦
served* the i frown, on/ his .face' and as ho '¦
rose from the, table ; she ; followed ' him to
the'door and ¦solicitously said:
"Son, you are yellow under the eyes and
that's a sure sign of biliousness. I shall .
have to set some herbs . for your live-;.' .i
Come home to mamma this afternoon If
you fee! low.; spirited." > ,
ur. Bowser.was on hand when tlie 0 »
'o'clock dinner. beTi raw*. He had been to
¦ . busy iu' iu.* 1'jncheon'' and was therefor
¦ ¦ hunjfry^ /There . was " a ¦¦ look "of , consterna
tion : on his f ace *• as " he" ' glanced over ;th
table. It was the" same New Eiiglarv
;. billed dinner. .. topped ¦: off -with the sam
;New England' pumpkin pie and swets
'dder. * • '¦' i'. ¦
-'Is > this last. V night; or to-night?" 'h'
asked 'of ithe landlady "as she beame<
'- across the, table at him.
. • "It's r to-night, son,"- she replied, "and !
am glad to -see you looking better.' I reallj
thought * I ; might have toj'soak your * fee!
and : give you . a ; sm.irtweed sweat. Just
.: pitch -right; In and eat all. you can."
; f .The. breakfast was exactly the same ai
• the' morning before,* anu again Mr. I Bows
. er wculd have kicked except for the ol<l
patriot. He had started to: make a slur
ring remark about tUe eggs in particular,
• when the 6. P. rubbed his hands and
chuckled: - . . - ¦ . ¦ . .
"Ah,' but it docs me good to be set. back
.'to'; the 'day's of Yorktown again! Washing
ton had such a breakfast as" this : before
going out to receive tlio surrender, of
Co'rr.wallls."
When it .was made a matter of country
and patriotism.' Mr. Bowser couldn't kicK.
but he wasn't letting go of anything Just
the same, if the third dinner had anv
thing" New, England about it. the landlady
would hear- '".somethln's^Jrort. The iday
waned, ; the wild goose flew over* with a
"honk.' honk," and Mr. Bowser reach«:l
hi3 boarding- house v w!th a vacuum to be
filled. He sniffed oyster soup, porterhou/ie
steak, gingerbread and baked potatoes, or •
thought he.'dld: but, when he sat down to
the table -it; was. the; New; Ensland boiled
iinner over a^ain! .
THE SUNDAY CALI*
7
MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONSTHE SUNDAY; CALTi.?
8
DID you me*t Hon. John W. Foster,
America's greatest dlnlomat. white
he was her«? If not. why. then,
you missed Fomethlns:.
Ho docs not cause a feeling of
profound awe to creep over you at flrnt
eight; but when he talks to you a while
you begin to see that the homely old ad
ape. "Still waters run deep," has lost noa<»
of Its force of late.
It peculiarly applies to Hon. John W
Foster.
Tcu drop In to hear him lecture. To l
Fee before you an Inoffensive-looking gen
tleman who talk? along, not In a Demos
thenic or Bryanesque manner, but In nn
ordinary conversational voice embellisht-1
by few gestures. Occasionally he raises
his voice suddenly and talks for a shcr
time In a slightly louder tone, which gives
you^the impression that there Is a" store
of latent energy concealed somewhere
about his person.
Mr. Foster Is a well «-et up gentleman.
Blight cf build, erect and with a certain
air cf alertness that is ready at a mo
ment's notice to change into one of in
scrutable passivity. He Is not a man to
•whom you would try to eell a gold brick.
I venture to assert that he never was ap
jiroached by a green goods man In all his
life; or. If he was. I am quite sure th»
green goods nsan went away much sa-.l
•Jer. nrjeh wiser and with the firm reso
lution In his heart to forever abjure liv
ing by hi* wits and to hire out as a farm
hand and grow a circle of whiskers be
neath his chin.
But the moment you s«e Mr. Foster you
Instinctively feel that he knows things
He is the Sir John of the stage— good,
genial Sir John, with the white mustache
and side ¦whiskers, aquiline nose and ir
reproachable black coat. You can almost
bear him saying "Bless you. my child
rear* Tou warm toward him unconscious
ly and feel that you'd like to have him
for a father— or at least a rich uncle.
There are times when his rather small
eves suddenly twinkle and he takes h-s
glasses la his right hand and graceful! v
¦waves them in emphasizing his speech
You expect some humor when this be
gins — and you are not disappointed.
However. Sir John's—pardon!—Honor
able John's humor Is not the kind that
lays hold of the risibilities r.nd jars them
loose from their foundations leaviag you
tearful and with a eideache. His genFe
sallies are subtle and insidious, making
y->u laugh a laugh that you enjoy ar.'S
feel good ever; but when he has liberate!
his little Joke he suddenly pets back be
hind that mask of inscrutability and yo-i
•wait with lively anticipation for him to
come out again.
"It is at such times that on? feels th.it
he might have made -a successful humor
ist. In fact, he bears the unmtstaVaW*
rtamp of a man who would be a capital
ttisry teller— if he were not a diplomat.
Diplomats do not tell stories. Quite the
contrary: they are fl*»voutlv believed to
tell the truth, the wh^» truth— and a lit
tle more than the truth, it it comes to a
pinch!
And yet. •with all his likeness to R!f
John, and in spite of the fact that he has
been brought in contact with mnst r<t tha
courts of Europe n.n<l As<a. Mr. Foster,
both in speech and mannerism, is a typ
i«*al Arnn^can e*>rt1«»TTjaTi. neither sl'irrins
his r's nor swearing in a vain, foreign
manner. Courteot?» and dlR-n!*Jed. he I*
en Illustrious wltr.ess to the fact thnt
Rnnp'prs ar«» VOT •w«>h-fr>ot»»d' and Surry
•w/sisVerert: for this aW* man Is a nrnduc*
of the Midrtlff TWst and proudly proclaim?
hl:n*elf a Tfnos'fT of th^ most conflrmel
type. This fr.et alone "muld raus* on* f«
ret him down as being emphatically "all
I caTVo" en Mr. Fr>^er one evening after
thr lecture. H» w^ «"h»»*rful and cmrt'»
o«b. but he wan tired— very tired— and he
had th« grip. This article he brought up
from Mexico, he said, but whether h*
tmuperied it across the line or convlncel
the oMiirate customs officials that/it was
not dutiable I did not learn. At any rate,
he was very tirefl cf it. and I doubt not
h» wished h«» miprht *<?n£ U hanV to Pre.*
iSfTit Diaz with the profound assurance
of hi? fl'stiriCTT^hed ™ns1derat'on. hut th»
grip If Fnn*>thlrer that n*> <Hplr>rr?ry h**
as yet learned to outgeneral ' and probably
ne-rer shall.
Observing Mr. Foster in his parlor, one
finds It hard to apr>-*><^at«» ?hr> fgrt th»t
h5s xnlnd has met and successfully >rrap
pled with the many problems of Interna
tional moment; that h!s small hands havw
held eo many of the threads of destlnv.
the slipping of one of which would have
meant a char.pe in the history of a na
tion of 75.ofW.W0 people: yet when we con
eider the Importance of the missions up
on which he has been sent It Is easy to
believe that a wonderful brain lies be
neath the white hair — a brain specially
c feigned by Providence for the express
purpose of fljrurlrsir out TTncle Sam's dif
flcult problems and keeping the old man's
credit rood among his neighbors.
• ••••••
"Bit wtth your back to the light— anl
tatl thm truth!*' quoted Mr. Foster smi?
tnrfr when «peaVlnK ,of what it takes to
become a uueceiisful diplomat; but I lem
toward the opinion that there is a knack
—known to dlploraats only— whereby one
may tell the troth without putting tha
other fellow in a rag*— an accompliso
nsent that Is eo rare as to call forth our
tintfounded admiration whenever we con
template It. Tndecd. It is such a govj
thing that whenever we get In a tight
place we wcr.der vasruely whv Providence
reserved it for diplomats alone.
Still, perhaps it Is all for the best. If
rone but diplomats have the secret of be
ing afcle to tell the truth with impunity,
we plebeians may yet consols ourselvc
with the reflection that there . yet rc
rnalns for us the good old honest lie; so
we take heart and are ceiaferted,
Mr. Foster believed he would He down
The grip microbe was getting frisky In
his midst; eo I came away,
I had seen General Foster ill. With the
true newspaper Instinct I was bound to
pee how he looked when well, eo I called
again a few aays later,
"Come In," shouted a hearty voice • on
the other eide of the door in response to
my rather timid knock, Richard was himV
pelf again, active and good-natured.
"I Imagine you are growing tired of
newspaper people, Mr, Foster/' I said.
"It's all In the life's business, my boy."
returned the general. \ showing me to a
seat: "all In the life's business!"
"My diplomatic career hcsnn In 1S73 "
said -Mr. Foster. In response to my in
quiry, "when I ¦was appointed Mln!ster_ to
Mexico by President lirant. In 1SSO I w,v
made Minister to Russia, and In 18S3 was
transferred: to Madrid.; I .resigned thi?
office at the beginning of President Cleve
land's term and came home, but was re
turned bv the President on a sn^r'al m\?-
Blon to Spain. In 1J31 I was commissioned
by President Harrison to negitlai*
treaties of reciprocity with Spain. Ger
many, San Doming and other countries.
In 1S92 I succeeded. Mr. Blalne as Secre
tary of State and signed the first trea'.y
of annexation of the Hawaiian Islands. In
1S93 I represented the United States in the
Paris tribunal of arbitration on the Ber
ing Sea quektlon. On the adjournment ot
that tribunal I made a tcur of the won.1.
returning by way ef California !n Juno.
1SD4.
In 1F55 I was asked by the Emperor of
China to act as adviser, to Ll Huns Ching
!n the matter of the war between China
and Japan. In 1537 I was appointed by
President McKlnley as .special Embassa
dorto London and St. Petersburg and in
1JSS I was a member of the Anglo-Amer
ican Joint High Commission on Canadian
matters.".
This simple catalogue of one man's
achievements sounds easy. but. as merely
one Instance, let It be remembered that He
whispered into the ear of LI Hung Char.gr
the quiet tip which virtually ended the
war between China and Japan. This alone
would satisfy most men as the results of
a life's work.
"Speaking of LI Hung Chang." I ob
served, "and his reputation as a diplo
matist, how. in your estimation. doe,s he
rank among the great .diplomats of other
nations?"
"He doesn't rank at all." sa'd Mr. Fos
ter emphatically. "To be sure, LI Hung
Chang Is a great man— probably the great
est in all the Chinese empire, but as for
a knowledge of International law and of
modern diplomacy— he does not possess it!
Such ability as he does possess is almost
solely along the line of native shrewd
ness/' — • -"¦> -~
"Craftiness?" 1 suggested.
"Well— perhaps."
"When did you first meet Li Hung
.
'Chans?" I asked.
"It was while on my trip around the
world. I met LI Hung Chang as I was
passing through Tientsin on my way to
Peking. He earned state, bringing along
a-Chinese band." .(Here Mr. Foster's eyes
glistened.) "We felt bound to do our best
to add to the festivities; so we had up
the Moncacy's band. It was a most in
teresting occasion when those two bands
got together!
"LI Hung Chang announced his desire
to give a banquet to our party — there were
five of us — and asked what time would be
agreeable. I accepted an invitation for a
day. following my return from P.eking.
"'Now. Ll Hung Chang was not
acquainted with American customs and
etiquette, and this gave rise to a rather
amusing circumstance.
•^Li had been informed that he was to
take Mrs. Foster out to dinner; so when
the hour arrived the old gentleman walked
up to the lady arid made a low bow. He
then marched away to the banquet hall
with Mrs. Foster following along be
hind. Following his lead, all the other
Chinese dignitaries approached the ladies
appointed to them, made low bows and
stalked away, each with a lady In his
wake.
"At table It was rather better: Ll Hung
Chang sat at the right of Mrs. Foster and
I opposite; but it was some days before
that solemn march to the banquet hall
ceased to be a standing joke among the
members of- the American contingent.
"Still it must be remembered' that this
was 'the first occasion upon which ladles
were ever invited to attend a public ban
cuet in China.
"Early In 1E95 I was requested by the
Emperor ef- China to assist LI Hung
Chang. It _was during, this visit that Li
and I eaw much of each other. Together
we went over to Shlmonosekl (Japan), oc
cupying the ' came -caiiln. It took two
steamers to 'carry 'our' suite.
.-". "Arrived In . Shirnonoseki,'" I 'was lodged
in the onljv European house iri.'town. f ;fur
niFhed with hangings* and! other European
accessories from neighboring 7 cities".?.* Li
Hung Chang, however, was: quartered in
a Buddhist temple, which' had been 'gor
geously fitted \up for' the "occasion,; .We
were in Shimonosekl four weeks." V
¦ "w»«*t* — , .-.-,- ¦ • ¦' - - - *
"Were the Japanese pleased with the
treaty? — the 'common people, I mean," 'I
n?kcd.
"Yes, indeed. They were extremely
grateful to the United States and •¦'were*
lavish In- their expressions to : me' and the
party with me. They, got upa great;dem
onstration and were evidently ; a9 happy
over, the outcome as were : the Chinese.',
Ycu see they ; were ¦ afraid * that,'' without ¦
our influence, China might -n«ver have ob-.
served the treat:." * - , - ; ;
"Can you not relate; some " Inci
dents connected with your own personal
experience that would serve- to Illustrate
this friendly feeling on the , part of our
little brown neighbors?" .'¦¦~:$iiS?J i
The general considered. ;,-.
"You might tell him how the,' Japanese
publishers managed to secure your photo
graph," suggested Mrs.; Foster, '.who ha<l
come in during the conversation.
"It Isn't much of a story,", said he, J'but
it may illustrate Japanese enterprise,. to
gether with their cppreclatlon of Amer
ica's efforts in their behalf. .
"During the war. with China' the 'Japan
ese newspapers came "out " strongly; with
war pictures. After the war some books
were published, both in the .Japanese and
the English language, and prof uueiy illus
trated. . , - . ;-:.;.-.;- -:..¦• :
"Coming home from China; 1 stopped at
Yokohama. One day I stepped into a
book store and asked for* some books on
the late war printed in the English'lan
guage. ; ; .
"The proprietor eyed me closely. .'Aren'i
you Mr. Foster?' he asked. •
"I admitted my . Identity. .. and he went
away, to return immediately" with a book.
the frontispiece of which was a reproduc
tion of a photograph of our pixrty. of flve,
taken when we passed through Japan on
our journey around the world. ,' They had
wanted a' picture,' and, having no" oilier
available, had been compelled, to repro
duce the entire group in order, to "fet It.
"Accompanying the frontlspl&co was the
explanation:
"'The picture in the center U MrV Fos
ter ; on the right, his wife; the other thr-jo
(naively), 'we do not know." 7- .'¦ ¦ ¦
"Beneath the picture 1 was 'my auto
graph. This set me to wondering, again,
for I had no idea where they had secured
it. I learned, however, that a Japanese
reporter had unearthed one; of .my," card3
from some 1 place in the country, and had
photographed the signature." •",*;' i •*
"And to further illustrate the good feel
ing existing among the people.". said Mrs.
-Foster, "we had a Japanese servant while
we were in Japan. Since we came home
he has always sent 1 us ; a card at Christ
mas. A recent card bore the- qiialnt in
scription, 'The Japanese will" never, forget
you forever!' ' ) '•
"And, in my mind, it Is sucn .little per
sonal recollections that go, further .to
ward giving one a true insight'; into .the
real feeling of a people than air the '-'out- 1
,side news and all the formal assurances
of distinguished consideration whfch we
all hear— and often doubt." . , . *V
Our conversation drifted around to the
condition of affairs in Spain. . "Judglnij
from your experience in Madrid, 1 ' I said,
"do you think that Spain is in any seri
ous danger from the Carllsts?" T
"I don't think so," returned^Mr. Foster.
"Spain is in rather more danger from, the
republicans, I should say.'*/ She is : be
tween two fires. However, the' little King
attains his majority soon, now, and then
things may ; reasonably be expected to,
brighten up.' ( - ' . /. '¦
"Yes, one can raturalJy expect -to lo'>k
for a more settled : condition .of thiln^
then than has obtained under the rule of
a mere Regent." '
"But the Regent i- a good 'woman'."
protested Mrs. Foster stoutly. " r
"Did you not have some /difficulty.; in
getting through your reciprocity trea-y
with Srain?" I asked. ,v"> ;.:;,>•>.^i> ; ;* v
"Well,"' said the general, "the first
treaty that I helped negotiate. was inlSSi.
It came to Washington, where Mr. Cleve-
THE BEST CROWN OF EDWARD VII
T the. coronation of King Edward
/d3 VII and Queen • Alexandra four
#~V crowns will be used. The chief
one, known* as Queen Victoria's
crown, will be the one actually used in
the ceremony of crowning the King; the
second one will be used In crowning the
Queen' Consort, and the other two will be
worn , by their majesties ; during the ser
vlcw following the actual crowning.
These, together with the sword of state,
the scepters and coronation ring, all taken
from the tower by order of the Earl Mar
shal of England, are In the custody of the
Dean of Westminster during the corona
tion cervices. ,
The Queen Victoria crown, also called
the' state crown. Is a. dazzling mass of
pr4c;ous stones. SOB In all. and many 'of
them have interesting histories. There '.3
a magnificent sapphUe- which la said to
have come f^ora' the ring of. Edward the
Confessor.* Then there , are sixteen small
sapphires, eleven .emeralds. - four rublcfl.
of V which one . belonged to the . Black;
Prince: four drop;shaped pearls, 273 other
pearls, 1363 ; brilliant diamonds, 147 table
diamonds and" 1274 roBe ; diamonds, ¦¦' •-..'
With all this' mass of; jewels the whole
crown weighs only. -thirty-nine ounees, It
was made' in 1S38 for; Queen Victoria's
coronation ; from Jewels [ taken - from old
crowns, and ; is valued- at H.S00 ,009, Tha
cap is of crimson .velvet lined with white
Bilk, .and has ? an • ermine bo* de*,
It is not the most eostly royal erewn in
Europej that distinct ion is asserted fop
the. erown belonging, to , Portugal, which
is '.valued . at : $8^06^0tJ f The -crown \ which
represents the emailtfet outlay \» , that ; of
Boumania. ; It' is ras.de out of a' bit of old
cannon captured at Plevna. -
The most beautiful crown is (hat of the
King of Denmark. It is simple in design,
but of, artistic 1 workmanship,. (the ; leaves
by which the circlet Is surmounted belns
curved and veined oy precious stones, and
each leaf ornamented by a magnificent
jewel. •' , . ;
The oldest , crown in Europe, which is
also the smallest,' measuring only.' six
inches In diameter, U, the Iron crown of
Lombardy. ,» .
The one crown which is distinguished
as being the sacred crown' is that of Hun
gary. ' It, is " revered by the \ people,; being
regarded ' as a palladium.' Two /nobles of
ancient lineage and a troop of halberdiers
guard It. night » and j day in ithe' Castle of
Buda. where, It is ; kept. i' '; -
In olden times* no king ' could reign . In
Hungary unless ; the sacred-; crown had
rested on his brow, andUf, he dled.'before
.he had been crownefl'hls name' was strlck
,en from the t record of iklngs. i ;JE3veri a pro
tender acquired a quasi title > to the king
dom' if ¦ by force of • stratagem he could
possess. himself^ ''of It, '
, Twice 'the crown": had disappeared, but
how or where it was i found the first time
Is unknown ; to this day; The, last ; time it
was found^ buried in the ground,' 'A -Inag,
nificent- aapphire: is; Itajbrigh't* particular
ornament, ~ This is ' surmounted by four
beautiful green Etones of some .unknown
kind, ; lapidaries disagreeing as to ' what
the .*' gems ¦ are. . A" sapphire of matchless
beauty - also adorns the imperial , crewn ef
Austria, L, ;; v ' .'¦:..' >;:':'; -V ¦¦.•;¦;'•'•'-.•
The crewn mest decorated with emblems
is that of , the German i Emperop, ; It has
the figure *f*of j • an ¦ eagle, ri four;, diamond
crosses, four', hoops upportlng a globe, and
this surmounted by, another. cross/ .;.'- ..',¦' ¦-"'••¦'.
The potentate V who / possesses ; most ¦
crowns is 'the Pope, \ eight ; at^ least \ being
stored at .the Vatican. Many of them are
simply gifts ':, and have no especial ; slgni
flnancei Napoleon I was the donor of one
to Plus VII. This Is the handsomest one
of '.all, having a -beautiful -emerald. \, A
Queen of. Spain was the donor of another, ?
The principal papal crown ii a triple ; one,:
;In Spain and ' Belgium the crown • does "
not figure In the coronation service*. '".'¦ The'
feature of the ceremony In. both countries
consists irf the ' ; King's : s weari ng , to pre* .
serve the constitution - and ?. • laws of , th«
country,^ Nor Is It a matter ef course that
a Czar should be crowned, though Nicho
las ;:and L his were"/ crowned Vwlth
great pomp at Moscow, 'The Czar, being a
religious " as well as a. '{ temporal lord,! the
crown in shape is modeled after a bishop's'
¦ miter. •_ Again, In '¦ this case, s a sapphire ¦ Is
the-' most beautiful stone In the ; crowni
There are five diamonds resting on a mag
nificent ruby, which form's -the : cross sur
mounting* the crown, •
Outside of i Europe the crown become*
ia^rarity, The? Sultan,: for example,";pos
eesses } no , ¦ crown, '. coronation ' being ' un*.'
known in Turkey. In place of this la sub T ;
stituted the _ in vesture s of the monarch with,
! the sword ¦ of ; Othmah: 1 The saber is girt
around the Sultan with" the words: •'•Taki
it witlvj faith," for ; ye ~ have received t it I
.from God.". - ' } '' '
The ¦ Shah of Persia has a crown; -lit;
¦uch it "can be called;: which is) variously ;
described as 'resembling: a" flowerpot '. aid
a': bonnet. The A* small " end ; is "open, I the
other closed. It ls'made of cloth of gold,
with i strings • of ; hanging precious -; stones',
with here and there tufts of feathers orna
mented by diamonds, rubies, emeralds and
pearls. At the top Is set what is perhaps
the greatest ruby, ln\ the world,' an" uncut, '.'•
absolutely flawless stone as large as a,
ben's egg.--Tlie- Sun. r .: :¦-_¦-/< .. ''"'. ¦¦
land promptly killed It— and that was the
last of It. The next was In 1891 and was
drawn "-up under the 'McKInley. tariff act
of 1800. . .This treaty was opposed by no
one In particular, except the Spanish flour
merchants. • It ruined their business In
Cuba, and gave the trade to the Unlte-J
States."
¦ "And did you ever meet Captain Gen
eral Valerfano Wcrler?"
"No"; and Mr. Foster's expression
seemed to denote that he did not consider
that he had missed anything. s "Weyler
came after my day. He is a man whoh.n
but. recently sprung Into "notoriety. I do
not l:now him."
"Don't" you think that In diplomacy
America : has galfied wonderfully In pres
tige during the last few years?" . , •'. ..
"The last', few years!"' > exclaimed- the
general with pne of his suddenJ'bursts of
energy". "Say' rather; shg : has alVays pos- 1
sessed It. The wcrld has never known th««
equal, of Frankl'n and ~i> Adams. Why.
there is not in all our history a: greater
triumph for American [diplomacy, than tlw
treaty of independence/ and the, conces
sions wrested from England after the war
of ; '76. Froude Fays that America secured
aj much as she deserved and much more
than she oufjht ever to have expected— but
then the Yankee Is proverbially ' a goid
bargain driver," and he smiled." '¦' '
"Sut alons the line of peace making." I
suggested, "and the settling of interna
tional differences?"
» "Oh. yes. Our reputation Ja now fi.r
peace:, and our situation geographically
makes us peculiarly fit to be arbitrators."
I suddenly noticed with surprise that
my five minutes had lengthened into near
ly, an hour.'
"Mr. Foster," I said as I rose to go, "I
promise to trouble you no more— until you
are nominated for the Presidency t".-. '
For a moment the observation seemfd
to* take him aback. : Evidently he was not
expecting it.' However, he rallied instani
ly anil shook his head smiling
"I nave nad my share," he replied. "I
have seen enough of the. world to know
that fame is the least, part of It. . I wish
to live c.uletly now."
"We want only our home, life," added
Mrs. Fester; "it is better than all tha
rest."
HON. JOHN W. FOSTER- THE MAN
A Personal ClhatC' With the /Best •IMormed flaini ©e
JinternMtiohal^Affairs, of iYlo'deriii Times.; -; •'. ¦
$y £<Mell Oius Reese.
greatest
Dipio/T)at
HfW^^ Life by Thorodike.THE recent balloon voyage of First (
Lieutenant von Hildebrandt of the
Royal Prussian Balloon Section and
Dr.' Bcrson. as described by the .
former in the German periodical, Die
Rundchau, Is of much Interest to balloon-
ists.
' Dr. Boreon already holds the record for
attaining the greatest height, 29,280 feel,
in his balloon ascension at Stassfurt. The"
Interest excited by this and similar "trips
to the higher atmosphere led to the for-
mation ' of an Internationar Aeronautic "
Commission, the purpose of which.'was'to'i
have a number of simultaneous ascensions
made at various . geographical -. points; In
Europe, thus the better to study the phy-
slcal properties'of the atmosphere'.'- ¦ At
the meeting In September last at Paris it
was' agreed to make balloon ascensions on
the first Thursday; of every month.'On
January 10 lastja; great number" of such
ascenslons took'place, the most Interest-
ing of which was that'of Dr.'Berson and
Lieutenant von Hlldtcrandt.
' The ascension was'made at Berlin. Orig-
inally it was Intended to make as high an
ascension as possibie.'but a cloudless sky,/
the''possibility of remaining "a"'
long time at a low level without loss of
ballast, tempted the two observers to try
to cross the Baltic Sta.,
-There were several other favorable'clr-
cumstances.- In the first place the balloon
reached the coast without any loss of bal- .
last; In the next place the wind was blow-
ing .straight .the'.;¦'north,Tat low^
levels even northwest, the most favorable
-directJon for making :¦ the * shortest .itrlp.
across the water, and finally; the balloon
arrived at' the coast so (early that; the '¦ ob--
servers -could' hope to cross the; fifty ffive
mile stretch to .Denmark v: by 'daylight.^^
The last ;¦*condition did': notj; Quite hold,
since the twilight; was 'well 'advanced , be-*
fore their arrival -at'. Frelleb'org,r Sweden;
but then the obseiyers", were both tried .
and experienced, craftsmen. ¦;-;
' The * meteorological instruments carried
were an Assman pfiychrometre (wet-and-
dry-bulb hygrometer)^ composed'of two
mercury thermometers, one dry, the other
moist, to* determinetthejmoisture""'in-,' the
air; an alcohol thermometer.for great ele-
vatlons (last year, a' temperature de-
grees C..was^found in,_the^per'alr on'a'
similar occasion); two aneroid barometers,
a ba*rograph,vand"a Dlack bulb thermome- -
ter to measure the intensity of the sun's
rays. A flask containing 500 liters of oxy
gen. at atmospheric pressure for.breathing
at high altitudes completed the outfit: ."¦
The voyage began at 8:J7 a., m.,\ with.a
surface temperature of 21 degrees F.. Ber-.
lin was; crossed at anelevatlonVof about;
eoo feet.' and by.:varylng-the:elevatl6n^it
was discovered that up to 2100 feet eleva
;tion7the" wind'.blew right iha.westerlyjdl
'rection," between -.. "450:>and 4500 feet In a
straight "northerly^ direction,' and at higher
elevations | more'to : the^ eastward. '
-;'VAt;29()0^feet:the temperature was 15 de
gree's • C. * higher than ' at the earth's fWuV
face (generally the \ temperature is lower
about' 1 .'decree" C.- for leyery, 300 feet of
ascent); no degrees' C. (32 degrees F.) was
reached "at,7800 feet and surface 'tern-
P Mature . (21. "degrees^ F.) at~ 9300 feet.' Tl«o
lowest temperature could not be measured
aK^ was dark when the greatest eleva
.tion.was reached, and the% balloon wlis not
ffumlsh'ed with electric yghtsi'f
It was notitill,they reached the vicinity
.of r Neu Strejltz/.; after-two? hours'* travel,
that;the'obVeryers'gave up)the|Idea of a
.high ascension and decided 7 to 'cross*; the
water, to 'Denmark or! Sweden.' '.They;hajl
been going about twenty-seven miles *n
hour,; and could therefore hope to reach
, , : Jz ¦ , » ?„
land in Denmark.at any rate.
.The coast was reached at 1:15 p m.. near
Stralsund, and at 2 p. m. the Island of
Ru'gen was crossed/: At 3:30 p. m. the bal-
*¦ loon 'stood over the middle , point*; of the
'stretch of'water and at 4 p. m. the sun
setr'The'cooling of the air, with' result-
ingoing and contraction of the^^'
gases,: forced ; the adventurers • to throw
ballast overboard. . •. v .
: The,compass.was-used to determine
rectlon'of i travel '.while passing over tho
land/but on the water.this became impo"5
1sible*as\he"'obseWerscTO^^
waylthe^bklloon was moving. T. By, pouring
• - . -,,. • v •„,.. f ¦ „. „_- J_i_- b4.-i_
out vsand .they.;pould-; tell approximately:
their direction;of motionsand they; »oon
found the • balloon was moving; too much
: to theieastward. . ; : ;: :;
•~:The;balloon ;was^ lowered .toJthe'reglon
of winds' moving more to the .westward,
ana when land came in eight; the compass
,was; reached at ;6: p.;: m. and; the; balloon;
madestraight f or r Trelleborg at an eleva-
,tion of 'about 1900. feet',; Although/darkiby,
this'Umelthe; snqw^onUheTground -faclll-
••tated-slght^and-orientations•-:¦/:'¦^ -" ' •
In crossing the water there was at first
*«*t danger of going too far eastward.
which would have necessitated crossing
: tho entire " length of the Baltic before
Aching land. Nowthe 'tendency was
westward/which would have taken the
observers into the North Sea,;
Consequently, ballast was thrown out to
reach a higher level and a wind blowing
.more to the northward, and this was
>&iSHgg^S 1^
oarknes8 set in. •
\jh first the' observers j supposed there
was. .much snow on the ground below
;^them, but^they soon learned that It was
' v the effect of a dense layer.of clouds, coa
as ¦oon>t
-P°s^je." A^study of the weather map lax
¦ that time also shows that ¦ had they.con-
Umledthelrvoyage they would have been
tCJirried;to:;the;4Kattegat# then to the
• Sicager-Rak. ani. there taken. by the then
J prevailing east wind and blown: into tho
TNo'rth'Seal •
""'As'it was the observers after great dan
' Ker; to crossing' two lakes, and - a large
. j n theideep snow, - about fourteen miles
north of .the'railroad station of Markaryd.
in "the* Province of Smaaland.' - '•
highest point reached (10,240 feet)
iwas JuBt before the landing.
THE AERONAUT WHO HOLDS THE RECORD FOR GREATEST HEIGHT TAKES A TRIP
EQUALLY REMARKABLE FOR DISTANCE COVERED.
This unique headquarters of communi
cation Is conducted on the policy of sys
tem. ' method and concentration, or. in
other words, the idea Is to do away with
the necessity for a large force of opera
tives and to save time. Thus by means of
novel devices a half dozen telegraph
operators are enabled to do work which
under ordinary circumstances would re
quire from fifteen to twenty men. For
instance, there Is a switchboard accom
modating twenty wires, and by this means
• It ; la possible to secure a direct wire to
any city In the country, and this may be
"held" for • any length of time without
danger that any other than the official
business will go over it. Direct connec
tion may be made with any of the oceanic
cables, and, while It is customary to send
cablegrams through the New York offices
of the various cable companies, the oper
ators have under stress of unusual cir
cumstances .worked direct with the last
land offices of the cables at Sydney,
Cape Breton.
.• Always in Touch. With President.
Most marvelous of all, perhaps. Is the
manner in which communication Is kept
up with the President when he Is travel
ing by rail. The White House office has a
complete itinerary of the trip, and • by
means of a system of reports from train
dispatchers the exact location of the
Presidential train is always known and
a message may be placed in the hands of
the executive at almost any moment dur
ing the tour. But In the White House, as
elsewhere, telephonic communication is,
to a considerable extent, supplanting the
telegraph. In the bureau at the White
House is a cable box holding: fifteen tele
phone wires, and a long - distance tele
phone wire may be reserved exclusively
for the President's use, just as might a
telegraph line. For instance,' during the
President's vacation visits to Cantor,
when the various Cabinet officers went to
tho telegraph room to communicate with
him he has frequently talked direct to tha
White House for hours at a time.'
respondence at the White House Is the
secretary to the President. Until the days
of President Buchanan each incumbent
was obliged to provide his own secretary,
but from that time forward . Congress
made provision for this official. Originally
the salary was fixed at $2500 per year. Af
ter a score of years or so it was raised to
JC500, and during President Cleveland's
administration it was raised to $5000, at
which It remains to the present time.'
Nowadays the two assistant secretaries to
the President each receive more than did
the secretary of a quarter, century ago.
The secretary, of course, dictates all the
letters sent out, and, indeed, President
AicKinley writes but few letters with his
own band. Save in the case of communi
cations to close friends or relatives, he
the mall to gigantic proportions, and. af
ter President .' McKinley made public his
letter of acceptance in the summer of 1900,
there was received an* average of sixty
.congratulatory telegrams per day for tho
space of a. week.
¦ Of course only a small proportion of tho
letters which reach the White House
come under the eye of the President.
Scarcely a doxen a day. are such as to de
mand his personal attention, and mayhap
many of these may. be answered by the
private secretary, after consultation with
the Chief Executive. Naturally such in
junctions as "Personal" and "Private"
cannot be regarded in opening the White
House mail, and many expedients aro
adopted by prominent men who send let
ters which they do not desire to have pc
•rused .by.any person save the chief- offi
cer of the republic. 'A~ favorite plan ia for
the writer to place his Initials in auto
graph in the lower left-hand corner of
the envelope. All the clerks have come to
recognize the Initials of the men close to
the President, and their letters go throus'n
without molestation.
The man who bears the brunt of the cor-
This Is only a small portion of the m>
prising: things Which are being accom
plished by means' of the telephone at tin
White House. There are private telephona
wires connecting the Executive Mansion
-with the Senate and House of Represen
tatives, so that the President may talk
confidentially with the Vice President or
any member of Congress: but surpassing
tbis In point of Insuring secrecy Is a pecu
liar telephone system which connects the
President with the offices of the various
members of the Cabinet. This Is auto
matic In Its action; the central station be
ing In the garret of the White House, and
there la. consequently, no "hello girl" to
overbear any secrets of state.
. Some absolutely original expedients
have been resoryd to In this wizard cabf- !
net of tbe "White House In emergencies. ;
On some occasions an operator receiving
a long telephonic message would repeat
It word b7 word to a graphophone, to b«
transcribed to tbe President at bis leisure,
and more wonderful still, graphophones
carefully gauged as to speed have beea
made to record long messages clicked off-c*
b'v ¦¦- the telegraph Instruments. Tbik v
scheme can be resorted to when the om>e 1
Is rushed with work, the operators trans- \
crlblng the records on tbe various cylin
ders at their leisure.
' The telegraphic messages which come t«
the "White House may ba in on* of .ten
different codes. The State Department,
the War Department and the Navy T>^Z
par tmeat each . has three different codes*
and tbe President has. a private code. Ao
operator will, as a rule, recognize ln
ctantly what code Is being used. If a sus
picion arises that a code has been, discov
ered by any person outside the proper ao
thoritie's it may be changed at any time,
as. for Instance, during the Chines*
trouble, wben It was suspected that ;t£e
Celestials had obtained possession of a
copy of the State Department code. The
telegraph operators stationed at the "Whits
House are the very pick of the profession.
They always take messages direct from
the wire to a. typewritez. and a speed of
seventy words per minute Is not account
ed anything out of the ordinary. The
operators work In three "shifts." the
hours being from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m_. 5 p. m.
to midnight and midnight to 9 a. m. i»
ipectively. There axe usually four men on
duty an the time, although, the number
has ranged as high as eight or tea mea
- p er "shift," making a total force of trom
twenty-fonr to thirty men.
Maintaining Secrecy.
The precaution* for maintaining «eer«cy
as to the contents of official message* are.
of course, elaborate— how elaborate majr
be Imagined from the total absence •*:
"leaks'* of any kind, notwithstanding the
fact that advance information as to gov
ernmental action would frequently mean %
profit of millions of dollars for Its fortu
nate possessor in Wall street. In the first
place, the most unQuestlosable credentials
are necessary In order to obtain admis
sion to the Telegraph Bureau at an. Tba
precautions taken in the case of the tile
phone system connecting the White House
with th« desks of the Cabinet offlccr*
have already been explained/ and the tile
graph operators use what are known "as
secret sounders, so ' that even were an
other telegrapher in the room, he could
not ascertain what was passing over the
vires. Finally, the White House opera
tors Invariably know Just who is taking
their messages at the other end of the
line, and if the communication is one of'
Importance they are likely to can for a
man In whom they can repose confidence,
.«. One of the oiHcers who plays an impor
tant part In spending the money which tt
costs to maintain the White House Is the
steward. -The entire domestlo disburse
ment la under the control of this dlgnl
tary, who is heavily bonded and receives
a salary of J1SQO per year. The steward
engages all the White House servants,
save the chef, coachman and footman,
who are hired and paid by the President.
The steward also purchases all the sup
plies for the White House table and re
plenishes household stores when neces- .
sary. but he is held to strict account for
all expenditures and must even report at
the end of the "year the breakage of china.
Congress makes a yearly appropriation of
$£000 for the housekeeping : equipment of i
the White House, but the President must
pay for the subsistence of his family and,
all the domestic employes..
There are minor details in the manage
ment of the home of America's chief ex-*
ecutlve. Several ' persona are employed
regularly In the laundry, and the same is
true .'of the conservatory, ' The White
House stable also requires the services
of a number of men. In addition to the
coachmen and footmen. There are al3o
oven the man who Is aeijt once each week
to wind the thirty " clocks^ In the "White
House, and the disbursing officer of tha
Presidential house, who pays almost every
- person connected with the mansion save
the President, who receives on the "first
day of each month, direct from the tre&o
1 *ury, a check for more than 14008,
ing teen necessary on occasions to "bor
row" clerks f rom somo of the departments
Any unusual event is liable to overwhelm
the correspondence, bureau at the White
Hcuee. For Instance, during the Spanish-
Ainerlcan 'war' the Inquiries of solicitous
relatives for the men at the front swelled.
There are never less than three stenog
raphers at work answering the Presi
dent's correspondence, and frequently
there are several times that number, it hav-
the Government departments, had not the
writer imagined that something was to be
gained by securing the ear of the Chief
Executive. These misdirected epistles
are dispatched forthwith to the,head
quarters of that branch of. the Govern
ment service with which they are i con
cerned;'l>ut inasmuch as It is the policy
of the present administration to acknowl
edge the receipt of every letter which
con:es to the White House the outgoing
mail is always as large as and usually
larger than that received.
The of the mail at the White
Hcuse Is a \Hs task. A wagon from the,
general postofflce calls at the White
House three times each day— morning,
noon and afternoon— and seldom does a
day pass that less than 150 letters are de
livered, trt say nothing of hundreds of
papers and periodicals of various kinds.
In times when public feeling nms high, as
during the recent Chinese crisis, the dally
mail frequently runs up to KK> or GOO let
ters. As a matter of fact, many of the
letters which come to the White House
ebould have been directed to some one of
Bave for the interval of lunch time it is
likely to be continued without Interrup
tion until late in the afternoon. On Tues
day and Friday mornings there are Cabi
net meetings, and when Congress is In
session the President sets apart several
hours each day. during whicn he Is acces
eTble to members of either House. Finally
there Is the hour when any citizen having
business with the President may call.
How carefully the programme of the
Chief Executive Is mapped out may be
realized when it is stated that the Presi
dent devotes a specified time daily to
affixing his signature to papers of state
end the commissions of army, navy and
other officers bearing Presidential ap
pointments, including the four thousand
Presidential postmasters.
Immediately after breakfast, and. after' a
glance through the morning papers, takes
up the work of the day.
To watch the conduct of business at the
White House through the daylight hours
of one day is to gain a 'better idea of how
manifold are the Interests of the Govern
ment than may be obtained anywhere else
In Washington. The Presidential offices
may be said never to be closed durtnsr- a
s'.rgle hour in the year, for there is some
branch of them alwaj-3 open. If It be only
the telegraph room. When In 'Washing
ton the President usually goes to his office
expenditure of about JSOuO a. year, or a lit
tle more than half what it *Jd during
Grant's occupancy. It Is estimated that
for the year which -will end during the
summer of 1902 It will cost $30,000 to care
for the Executive Mansion, with an addi
tional $13,000 for the lighting of the house
and grounds. i, ".**-.,; '".-v.V-; ; ; v, "'¦'
Kxecutive Mansion may be demonstrated
by the derations of the last fiscal year,
when electric light and power cables and
new telephone -crlres were carried to the,
building through conduits. lW Blue Room
was redecorated, a number of rooms were
repainted and repapered. new carpets laid,
now plumbing was provided, a silver pol
ishing apparatus, with electric motor,
placed in the engine room end extensive
improvements were mad* lin- the stable
of the mansion. The enclneer officer must
also look after the fuel supply of the
White House. This entails nowadays an
Tlie yearly expenditure fcr the mainte
rance of the White House has of lat«
ye;irs seldcm exceeded J2r.,O3O. a consider-,
able portion of this beln? for repairs, such
as repainting. The Executl\-e Mansion and
Its grounds come within the jurisdiction
of the engineer officer In charge of - the
pufclic buildings and grounds of the city
of Washington. The character of the
work that is constantly in progress at the
BT XTAJUDOTi FAWCETT.
•world. "
O-f CONSIDERABLE portion of the
f I general public thinks of the "White
{ I House as only the official residence
X ot * the PresJ(JtVDt °* he u nllcd
States. Even the visitors ¦who pass in
and out of the commodious Bast Room of
the Executive Mansion by hundreds day
after day see nothing to Indicate that the
Immense white structure ts ' other than a
habitation— a. trifle more imposing, to bo
pure, than that of the ordinary Trcalthy
citizen, but net a whit more comfortable.
Thus It may be come-what la the nature
of a surprise to rnost persons to learn
that upstairs !n the White House— a realm
r.T which the casual elchtseer catches
never a pllmp*;*" — there Is probably trans
acted core businc?s than is disposed of
in any 'similar fpaee elsewhere In the
•world. *
THE -CALL.
dlctntes all his letters to stenographers,
and then, signs the typewritten sheets,
Just as would a business man. President
McKlnley* has even Inaugurated an Inno
vation by 'dictating his messages "to an
resistant secretary and revising the copy
ju*t before, it roes to the printer.
Managing Receptions.
: One phase of the business management
of the White House which might appear
Insignificant and unsuitable to classifica
tion under this head, but which is hevet
theless difficult and . perplexing, is the
conduct of ebc'al affairs. The secretary
to the President- and the engineer officer
in charge of the White House and
grounds wrestle with this problem jointly.
The worst phase of the matter is found In
the overwhelming and never - ending
avalanche of persistent people who seem
willing to move heaven and earth to se
cure an Invitation to a social function at
th White House. Not only | must -the
g. anting and refusal of requests and com-
plaints- made ,^by, letter, and otherwise'be . :
kept from the President and his wife, but
a nicety of decision* is neces
sary In sending out invitations for state
dinners, etc. Finally, there are the' re-*'
quests from delegations of all Imaginable
kinds /visiting Washington that the Presi
dent .tender a reception to each partlcu- \
lar party. v
Decidedly the most wonderful feature of -.
the working; apartments- of the ' White
House,' however/ is the telephone and tele-
graph room, or the telegraphi and cipher
bureau of the .executive, office, as It Is
officially designated. The room Is In
charge of a United States signal corps
officer. Colonel Benjamin F. Montgomery,
who has been detailed for the work. This
rather \\ small apartment has been aptly
termed the J'nerve center of seventy mil
lion people," and. indeed. Its sympathetic
nerves cover the plove. It is the only
telegraph ofllce* In the Government which
is never closed.. .It keeps communication
open between the White House " and the
President, wherever he may be; it trans
mits the confidential messages "from the
Government to American army and navy
officers and diplomatic representatives
abroad,' and it keeps so closely in touch
with events all over the world that should
Edward VII die to-morrow. President Me-
Klhley would probably be the first ! man
inArnerica, aside ' from the telegraph
operators, to learn of It.
9
THE BUSINESS END OF THE WHITE HOUSETHE DEADLIEST SPOT IN AMERICA
DEATH GULCH is the name given
by those living near it to a ravine
in the northeastern corner of the
Yellowstone National Park, in Wy
oming. Grewsome as is tho name, it is
exceedingly appropriate. It is a* V-shaped
trench cut in the mountain side, arid be
gins about 250 feet above Cache : Creek.
Apparently it. forms a natural shelter for .
the beasts of the forest, as food, water
and shelter are there, but entrance -to the
gulch means death to any animal, for the
poisonous yapors that rise out of ! the
ravine are more deadly than the bullets
of. the huntsmen. ,
Various expeditions under the direction
of th© United States Geological Survey
have reported as to the characteristics of
Death Gulch, the last; being by Harvey •:
"W. Weed. He said that he had tested th©
hollows in . the gulch for carbonic add
gas- without proving its presence. The
atmosphere In the gulch, however, ; . was;
oppressive. There ;was ,a ¦ strong smell of
sulphur, and he Buffered from a choking
sensation, although a strong wind pre-,'
vailed at the time.- At the bottom of the
gulch were the carcasses ; of many ani
mals, some of which had met death* but
a short time before/ .These "carcasses were
of bear, elk, hares, squirrels, 1 etc.
Mr. -Weed examined : , the - body; of a
grizzly, which . evidently had died but a
day before, as Its tracks were, quite dis
tinct and perfectly fresh. There was some
blood under the nose. Nothing, more.
, Later on Charles E. : George arid a Mr.
Everett, of Boston .visited; the gulch and
made ari'extended examination. They de
clare; the gulch i Is a death trap, r which, ¦
while different in many ways from the
famous Death Valley of -'Java, is as cer
tain, in its effect. -At one end the gulch :1s
comparatively open and the wind sweeps
through, but at- the : other, it forms
a: ravine/; the gases accumulate and as
phyxiate-all "animals 'that -'come -within
the walls of .rock.' When Mr.: George and
Mr. Everett 1 entered the gulch . the gaseous
fumes were so oppressive that | they had
difficulty.; in^ breathing, yet ; they 5 entered
at theend. where the gulch is ¦practically
open:' .They lit a wax' taper,*and: found
that when'placed more; than forty Inches
from the ground It was extinguished. , This
proved the 'existence of carbon dioxide
gas."- •; ¦¦,", :. : ' '¦"'
: - The bed of the gulch and .ravine .was
littered with the .bones and 'skins of ani
mals "• long ,;' r since 3 dead. They ; = found
twenty-three^carcasses of bears, one big
cinnamon having." his ; nose between ; his
paws, Just as If he had fallen asleep.' f;
HUA^NHATR-RPPes PO^T^e CtTPF SCflLERS.
PERHAPS the most useful gift; a
bride can give to her 'fiance Is . a
horse hair, or better still, a human!
' hair rope. That -Is if . they live ' on)
the lonely island of St Kllda. : The' rock
sealers there consider '; themselves | rl'chl if
their 'prospective brides "'are able to furnish
to them. a rope'of this nature.'; The ropes
vary in length, a really good one of forty
or fifty feet being especially prized.
According to a ! woman traveler, who has
spent much time In '[ St. ; Kildal ; the usual
rope is ;a' stout' hempen ; cord wrapped
round and round with sheep's i-wobl;;oyer
this a lining of horsehair ; : finally brand a
of human hair. To manufacture such a
rope Is the work of years," but the" SL Kll
dean ¦ girl ; sayes^ her hair-cbmblngs re
ligiously, also ; drying ; and bleaching the
fibers of rough grasses that grow , on the
wlod-swept Island. -! These flbera Btrength-
en the . cable, while, the;' elasticity.: of) the
hair -prevents chafing ; against the rude
cU^ 8 ; UTl , n^ '-- th «7rock j sealer's • descent.
>'. A curiosity ; collector . wished to ¦ buy, : a
fine ¦ SDecimen of • hair rope, : but , the $100
offered^ was refused calmly] by the prof es- ]
?lp n al egg-gatherer.; ThV cord in question
; was veneered 1 , with auburn halr^the^thirty'
ry** 1 " 8 '^. collection from j heads \ of ¦ parents. ]
.. a^ t l lt8> ' c ?" s ! ns and acquaintances. , ThU
i may .-' nod seem; remarkable ; to \ those wHb
know little about St. : Kilda.^but when It is
said ¦ that .[ the ;rpopulatlon^ is ] about* SOOjaPd >
that a^good walker could circle the' island
in two ¦ hours, a* different notion • must ' be
f
;OccaBionaIly an Incident >i^l : hi^pen ;to
I the • best : rbp*. "^ Pancy^yourself f danglbig ;
¦ lnj midair,^ the' rope _heid;byjtwb?or^ three
: men'on'the top of a*cllff,,far out'of BlghU
Thundering waters below and thousands
ot i sea . b 'rds wheeling , in frightened con
fusion above, Tabout^ arid all 5 around |you.
Then,;when a sharp "corner of .the cliff.in
terrupts, there is the'sickenlrig^cuttiric^pf
the i Blender ¦ string, for, . slender ,' it i seems
under existing circumstances.. ;
.; ; If ;the climber, is C agile ' he will : : swing
.toward , a ; ledge,',. where,*- companion of .. the
guillemots "¦ and . razor-bills, , h© " must * wait
until -a second rope [ la lowered : f or , his" de
liverance, if no-ledge is approachable, the
angry, foam hides him forever.: " "
; .', No wonder ; the _; rock; sealers values ' his
hair ; rope. : A\ charitable woman saved • a
trtinkf ul t of j hair J to ; send '; to * the climbers
of j the J; Hebrides, ') but, .unfortunately, V th*
house ¦ caught ; flre, and her 'three yearY
collection was destroyed. . :
V. An advertisement; appeared in an t Irish
paper > sbmel goffering ' $160 f I of,'»
gsnuln* St. Klldean bair rope.
scene painted thereon, it will probably
become a Forest of Arden some day, al
though Julius Caesar is the first play
booked. '¦'• A club of boys is now drilling on
• It every day and they are taking evenings
off to make their own bunting costumes.
Four constant workers, with Dr. Doro
thea Moore at their head, live at the set
tlement,' and they are well provided for :n
the new scheme of things. They have a
bright sitting room in the front of the
house, and : behind it is their dining
room and then v the kitchen. This !s
small, . but so comDlete that house
keepers tear, themselves away with diffi
culty. It has a model gas range, such as a
one as those upstairs In the cooking club's
rooms.
These clubs need a great deal of room
and it has been amply provided. With their
model rangrefc.sinks, closets and tables
they ought to'be able to turn out anything
from frogs a la poulette to sound wheat
bread, which Is, after all. the final test of
; the. cook.'
. Sewing, rooms are also upstairs. Com
fortable rooms for the workers and th»
Janitor are on the second and third floors.
; There is no better wav to give an idea
of ; the spirit of the whole work than to
'clip a page. or. two from one of tha boys'
' own ; periodicals,, issued before th* new
buildings were readv.
Notes of the Clubs by Bolond Nielsen
'. The [day, is set , for the Christmas enter
tainment and December 28 will be the day
for all the boys for a good time* to come."
Talk about singing, Just hear tha Hale;
Club and you will be ! convinced it is one
of the finest of the clubs and next to the
] '""'"
¦ 'Tommy Dowiing' hurt himself badly la-rt
Thursday on the acting, bar; he slid down
the r pble ; and a : nail tore . him", 'seriously. -
'The small ' boys" of all the .'clubs' ought', to ¦
: be .very caref ul' on the bar. .
: . , In : the .type ". setting' departinent . tt ? is j
V quite"; interesting ;to watch the'
:' setting the 'type.; This li.one'of ,the,larg
j eat classes 'of _. the club and , when • gj\ ' a j M
at work, ¦ It \ looks .Just like V a , printing '^tit
'UablishmenV'for^the boyi': Work; with, such
r«eal and/rigor^that you would think thilr
life depended, on 'It. . .
; ~\ -Therei is a great deal of talk about th*
_Christmas ; entertainment, ; . but ' it . is , hard
"toinnd'outTwhat any. club Js 'going to do.
vf An thVrboys'ar©' keeping, very quiet about
it. ¦ Each club wants to beat tha other.aatl
it will b*' seen Christmas who Is the best.
not only the apparatus for exercise, but it
has a stage and a gallery; so It Is ready
for all the plays and concerts and lectures
that may occur and it offers them good
accommodations. *'^"- ' " -
The stage Is the triumph of. those boys
who fitted it up. They made their own
scenes and wings. and Mrs. Krellng helped,
them out by having a" green and treesy
entertainment for tho benefit of th* bri
gade, and the way it la talked aboet it
will b© something great. AH of th«
mothers are trying to mak» It a suoeeftsT
and it win be if all th© boys try to nil
tickets. Th© brigade. I know, will nerer ¦
-forget their kind efforts In giving them a
helping- hand. \
Th© promised tug-of-war between tS«
Loyal Club and Pioneer Clnb * 610. not
com© off as expected. Th© Loyal Club
did not show up and I think It will lose
the honor of being next to the Hals Club
If they are not caref uL Will Gleason
thinks It is as hard to beat as the Hal*
Club, but it will not b« hard If tt does not
keep its appointments. I guess they war*
afraid of th© Toung Pioneer Club, for the
name alone will show what smart boys
they are.
After this entertainment the boys cam*
on different evenings and th© clubs were
found to be small, so there was room for
more members. After a while our teacher*
wer© changed and Miss Crane was put in
Mr. Ver Mehr*s place. She taught us
basket-making;. After an tha teachers
wer© changed, tha different dubs were
taught chair-caning, hammock-making,
wood cutting, drawing and basket-mak
ing.'
I was put under Mr. Harrow doing
chair-caning. This was a fine dass and
- we enjoyed our time there very • much.
iMr. Harrold used to take all of the boys
of his evening on a picnic once In a whfU
and his picnics were something fine. W*
went once : to Mill Valley and the boy*
had such a good time that they declared
that he was th© best man In the dub for
taking us off in the country. How th*
club grew from that time on I Mom occu
pations were added and among them was
tile-work, iron- work, leather-stamping
and rope mat-making. All these Indus
tries axe Interesting and do the boy» an
Immense amount of good. Then,' Sunday
evening-was ."put aside for all tha boys of
th© clubs to come and : read or take out
.books. An this helped to make the clut>
popular and a* a consequence the mem
bership increased to an astonishingly
large number. Then a boy could com*
any time and become a member, but now
a.boywill have to wait a long time be.
causa there are s so many waiting who
bavi come ahead oX him.
¦ \ ' ;
It win surety be away c&eaA of soy '
Christmas entertainment w* have had
yet
Th© Mothers' Club Is going to sjfr* aa
The printing room lacks nothing In Its
outfit and it turns out the boys' own peri
odicals Just to show what It can do. Drop
lights are carefully, arranged at each
man's place. Young men come here and
learn the trade at .night after a day's
work at. something less profitable, . but
probably quite as hard! They are in this
way given the chance that* they might
otherwise go through a lifetime looking
a-plenty, although most of the settlement
clubs meet in the evening when school
and work are over.
photographs and copies of the best. -They
are a relief to eyes that have been accus
tomed to the glare of some gaudy printed
actress with a cigarette brand for her
title.
At the right of the hall Is a big room
finished artistically in the same redwood
that Is found throughout most of the
house. This is the headquarters of the
Cosmopolis Club, the little band . of
boys and young men that William Den
man Is taking charge of. They are Inves
tigating practical politics together, -Mr.
Denman and the boys/ Th© dub Is the old
est In the settlement.' and '¦ Its boys have
bad a chance to grow up and experiment
for themselves with some of the theories
that they have worked out. -. ; . •; •
Farther down the long hall ;¦ and you
come to the sloyd room. It puts you'in'a
Jolly mood Just to 'enter* It and, glance at
the silhouetted profiles of t.ie sloyd work
ers. They rang© in a border about", th©
wall. Bide by side in the most comifenion
able way, and they wear snub nose* as m.
badge of brotherhood.
At the benches that .'border th* room
work the young '" cabinet-makers with
every appliance that » Is needed to keep
them busy. They, too, hay© windows
It is a long, sunny room, with plenty of
windows on two sides. A reading desk
runs the length of it; newspapers and the
latest magazines are at hand. A comfort
able bench tempts somebody who has
found on the shelves a book after his
fancy. Pictures hang about; they are
good pictures, too, not expensive ones, but
If you will enter by the basement door
you will get at the very start an idea of
what a settlement Is. You go Into a long
hall and there at the left the first door
that you come upon opens Into the men's
reading room. '.'./.*"
It teaches them, rather. It amuses
them, besides. It offers good entertain
ment that young people and old find bet
ter In the long run than that offered by
the corner grocery. The results are ob
vious and come of themselves. If you
lead a horse to the water you can't make
him drink perhaps, but the chances are
good that he will drink of himself.
bis. It Is not and It does not want to be
called so. It Is social and It Is educative.
The people whom It reaches are not In
need; they are living upon the neat wages
of a prosperous mechanic or storekeeper,
and they don't ask any odds of you or of
me. They have clothes to wear and food
to eat and a place to sleep, and very good
they all of them are, and what the settle
ment does for them is not to help them in
material ways."
TTIE men and women and boys and
girls and babies of South Park are
roinr to be kept bo busy pretty soon
that Satan will >avo to move out If.
as Is said. It Is Idle hands ho Is look
ft&g for.
For the San Francisco Settlement Asso
tfatloo and Mrs. Phebe Hearst are grow
ing busier t^* n ever, and the settlement
dubs are moving Into their new quarters,
which Mrs. Hearst has provided for them
at the cost of $20,000.
The settlement work has been going on
Jin the south part of the city for a good
roany years now, but It has now and
acala had a hard time to make a live of
tt. The workers worked, but that was
not enough. Money was the thing- needed.
The leaders of the clubs are working
XTfca Trojans to keep things going, giving
tip evenings when they might have been
" at the theater or at a whist party. Some
- -were giving their whole time, living In the
" settlement and holding the dubs together
b7 constant effort. But all this was not
eaouth. The meetings had to be held In
asy scattered rooms that could be had—
over stores or In remote houses. They
were Illy fitted for the needs of the work
ers. Money was the thing wanted.
Then In stepped Mrs. Hearst, as she has
a way of £olQg. She felt In her pocket,
palled out a J20.000 bill, and— there you
are.
It Is all smooth sailing now. The two
I buildings which she has thrown together
and fitted out completely have been
opened now, and the clubs are getting set
tled *n their new quarters.
Tou will find these buildings at 86 South
Park, right at the corner of a cross street,
¦where three* sides are left free for We
windows and fresh air and sunshine. The
air and the sunshine are quite as chummy
In South' Park as anywhere else. If they
only have a chance. :
The building that you enter first, the one
, that has S6 painted on Its transom.' Is
1 called the settlement house. Behind this
Is Bhaw gymnasium, which name covers a
multitude of good things. The two to
gether allow ' ample room to bouse the
I debs, to house the workers and to furnish
reading-rooms for busy people, who can
match only a !ew minutes for a «-«»jii1 and
a. chat and eo cannot have It unless It Is
to be found near at hancL
If you are going to be Interested In set
tlement work, here or anywhere else, tou
must bear In mind the one thing that out
siders are repeatedly forgetting and set
tlement ers are repeatedly reminding them
Set; that Is, that the work Is not cbaxita-
On this floor the entire of the rear build
ing is given to the gymnasium. This is a
gymnasium and a* good deal more. It has
Bookcases furnish them entertainment
for -some of the moments which * they
can find to spare and If , the baby
should offer strenuous objections to a
parting' he can be brought along. The
mothers have not a monopoly on thjg
room; there Is place in It forttie girls, too,
and books for them as well. Here they
can read and discuss doll ailments. They
are quite as likely to discuss real measles
and wHooplng cough, for they turn Into
big sisters very soon after they leave olf
their own baby clothes, and they often
come to a club 'meeting with a' baby in
their arms. ¦
On one side of the hall are the two large
rooms devoted to the Mothers' Club; Mrs.
Klncaid has been bringing together these
busy mothers and giving them new things
to think about. There was a time whe».
they didn't know the nice distinction be
tween a back yard and a garbage barrel,
but they begin to Bee.
The first floor of the buildings Is artlstlo
enough to make you want to live there,"
It Is finished In redwood, more -orna
mental, by the way, than some people
realize who estimate beauty by a scale
of dollars and cents. V
f or— the chance to become ; skilled work
/Th© playroom, for., little boys stretches
across the rear of this floor and gives the
email fry of the neighborhood a chance
to be happy : In a good environment on
rainy days. It likewise solves a very
large problem for some mothers.
... ; ,-n,
THE SUNDAY CALL;
10
SOUTHPARK
SETTLEMENT
AND ITS
WORKERS/:THE - SUNDAXi-pAIjrj,: "
PHOTOGRAPHING JEWELRY IS A
WISE PRECAUTION
TO AVOID ROBBEKY.
5f=^H0T0GRAPHlNG jewelry as a
jL-Jj means of its protection Is likely to
|{ become popular now that the pic
ture of a valuable diamond brooch
led to its recognition and recovery. But
It is doubtful if there is one woman among
ten who owns costly Jewelry that ever
thought of taking this precaution. One
photographer who take s many pictures of
¦women of weaJth In New York said the
other day that few of them ever had
themselves photographed wearing their
Jewelry, tlnce It had become the style to
wear less Jewelry than formerly. lie
Jooked at random over half a dozen por
traits made recently, and there was
scarcely on any of their originals Jewelry
that amtunted.to more than a few hun
dred dollars in value. Yet the majority
of these women own Jewels worth thou
sands of dollars. In England the custom
of- wearing Jewelry in protographs is
much mere prevalent than it is in New
York. Pictures of English women . of
wealth and position usually < display the
entire contents, of their Jewelry boxes,
and their tiaras, "stomachers and neck
laces "a ro frequently conspicuous enough
to be serviceable as a means 'of.Identifi
cation were they stolen, although thieves
rarely dare to keep such things intact for
even the briefest time. American women
owning valuable Jewelry are not likely to
possess any photographs of It, unless they
were especially taken. And that precau
tion has so far been observed in few
cases.— New .York Bun.
?» .- . • -
Then, more precious' food supplying.
Gives himself with, hi* own hand.
¦ . » ¦
As the procession advances the ' little
girls scatter flowers which they carry. In
baskets. It Is an act of respect and; at
the same time reminds one of his entry
Into the Sacred City, when children oC
long ago threw flowers In the - same
fashion In his pathway.
By the way, the children are not essen
tial in any way, but they add greatly: to
the beauty "of the occasion. They arc
kept downstairs by tho sisters until the •
conclusion of the mass. It would only
tire them to wait until time for. them to
march, and besides they would only be in
the way.
Borne by the minister,-, the Eucharist
goes among the people, who are deeply
bowed in adoration, completing tho cir
cuit bt the aisles and returning whence it
began. The procession re-enters tho gate*,
of the sanctuary and ' veiled children
meanwhile kneel on either side , at tho
altar rails.
Within ./the. .sanctuary', .boys ; likewise
kneel with their tapers, whiie.tho minis
ters of the mass accompany the celebrant
to the Chapel • of 'Repose. -".
, The repository, is usually one of the side
altars of^ the sanctuary, upon which, the
blessed sacrament . is : to be " reposed ; dur
ing Good Friday, for on that' day In token
of his death in the tabernacle on the high
altar in which it is kept during \ "alll the
other days and nights of the year is empty
and«lts door stands open.
.The , altar itself , is stripped ; . of , all '- its
ornaments with' the exception of a naked
crucifix, ; whlch surmounts it--\Th*us is the
desolation of the Lord symbolized by. the
bareness of the altar. , But ¦ there is . rep^
aration ; to be made ; and so : the \ altar • of
, .• '¦¦¦ ¦¦• ><;
canopy of silk borne by four or six young
boys or very oM men. as, of course, the
position is merely one of honor, walks the
celebrant, vested in a white cope, bearing
In his hands the veiled chalice in which
is the consecrated host in token of the
burial.
From the high altar and down through
the church the procession slowly advances
to the ancient, solemn music of the Latin
"Pange Lingua," sung by the choir with
out organ accompaniment.
That last night at euppfr lying,
'Mid the twelve his chosen band.
Jesus, with the law complying.
Keeps the feast Us rites demand;
gulmpe. and can be washed " easily, j The
embroidery is heavy to match the materl
al'Itself. It has the appearance of two
ruffles," but in reality- there is only one
that runs air about the gulmpe. The sec
ond or under I one serves as sleeves, ; and
only meets in the front to make it look
even . all the way , around. The belt is a
broad piece of. insertion, and any color of
ribbon can' easily be run .through. The
sleeves showjnore plainly than anything
that attention has been given to the ward-"
robe of Jthe" little 7' misses, for the
sleeves ; are ' short, as they are in most of
the swell afternoon gowns at the present
time. . ,
Another of the same style is mad* cf
mull. The funny long-walsted effect that
looks so; well on some youngsters has be
come a fad. The skirt mus^ necessarily
be plain, the only trimming that : could
possibly, be used being insertion. . A broad
collar with butterflies or some dainty, pat
tern worked In takes away the plain look.
The waist is anywhere but at the waist,
but as \6tib as" it [' is . style ; everybody
thinks It; is very, cute.. The little gulmpe
that is worn with them may be very fancy
and usually' is. > One of the .most popular
ways to trirn'them is to have a multitude
of lace ruffles running either all up "and
down or all across. ••-.
There ' is another, pretty way : to make
a skirt 'of Ithln ; material.: Insertion is al
ways very popular and when there a re
five or six rows of some open pattern and
a", ruffle, edged 'with', lace to match- oue
would' have toilook a long way to -find
anything more swagger.
"-=", There is '. one ; thing about , short dresses
that ' most people ; do not give enough- at
tention : to: -There Is a homely • length and
; a pretty, one. ; Nine out of ten people man
age to' strike the wrong: one.". Remember,
if < you" Would- have your \ little daughter
look- her very best — arid what fond' parent
wouldn't j see" that»-see - that '"; the \ skirtlbe
. either very; short, [not longer -. than tho
knees, or else very long. ' , • " ', i
It makes all the' difference in the 'world/;
' Ju'st'i 109k : ' for .' yourself !; and ' see. • ¦ '
¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦
DAINTY GOWNS THAT HAVE
BEEN CHOSEN FOR THE
RELIGIOUS PROCESSION.
fT^IIE little people who march ' In 7 the
-..', \c Hply Thursday Procession are rush-
I ing about trying to get the frllllcst -
I r most ibemffled ':". gowns that can be
thought of. ; They are more particu
lar than their elder sisters or even their
mothers, for their ; : small- heads are not
often bothered with any kind of fashions. 1
To be euro "'children have worn white for *
(Ages and. ages, but; this year more time
has been devoted to them than usual, and
the results are V delight to everybody. Of
course they, are not cheap.;.,-'*'/
One of the ¦ awellest is : made of Indian
lawn. The skirt ia tucked ¦all- around the
waist to a depth of six Inches. -About the
same" number, of inches intervene between
the tucks and the first ruffle. , The ruffles,
and there are three of them, have a clus
ter of ' three i'L tucks near.' the bottom, and
they are edged with ; lace. The skirt has
just thatrfullness that girls from four to
12 need so* much. The baby. waist has a
tucked yoke and a broad ruffle edged with
lace gives a graceful finish. The fullness
is belted in with a wide, soft sash of the
same.
The sleeves are the crowning delight
Tiny tucks run from' the top of -the'sleeve
to'; below "the elbow," and; the. fullness'is"
' held in place by "a narrow band of rib
bon, i which ends with a bow r that nestles
close to the ruffle/ It's very dainty, but It
. takes "a ' long time . arid . yards of lace , to
make it a sucess.
./-Another elaborate one Is made, of j a,
soft^pointdV; esprit. ; The, skirt Is plain
eave ; for, th fee towb of baby-ribbon. The •
waist is ¦ made Jwith a ; yoke of lace./ A
wide lace to match is gathered In veryjfull :
folds and falls in a soft, graceful fashion
over the shoulders, The sleeves, have ; a
ruffle edged .with ribbon" at the elhow. and
a ruffle of the same finishes it at the hand."
"A'rosette of the ribbon placed at" the right
"side 'gives it r a little" more dresscd-up ap
pearance. ...
A; frock that does not pretend to be near
ly) as ¦ elaborate - and : that really, is , much
more: serviceable is ; made of white 'dotted '
pique! '- In i the first 'place; It Is worn' with •
LeNT, the perioft of fastirg and sor
row, the period of self-denial, has
nearly reached its end.
Holy week is at hand, and al
ready the restless Easter bells are
an trembling with anticipation; but it is
b. »«»k of sorrow and desolation, and the
bells must wait. Yet in the midst of it
there is one day which the church cannot
forbrar to celebrate with gladness. Al
though Fackcloth and ashes are in order,
th.e church and her followers lay aside
their mourning robes and come forth in
the very best, daintiest and purest that
can be procured.
This day is Holy Thursday, the anniver
sary of thc ; last cupper and the day of the
Institution of the church's greatest pos-
Fppsion— His presence in the blessed sacra
ment.
On this day the church s vestments are
vestments of rejoicing, for she cannot re
rlsi giving expression to her gladness for
*=* great a gift. And although the scascn
l-e one of sadness, holy week comes as a
fr1ea.ni of white In ihe midst of the purple
end black— a moment of joy in a week of
fasting and mourning.
lights are ablaze on the altar and the
music of the mass is joyful. But the
rp'endor is quickly to pass' away, for tlie
mind and heart are full of the next day>
tragedy. But first Fhe must honor Him
¦writh fitting reverence, the more to pro
test -spaInEt_ the shame and ignominy of
the first holy week.
And ko it happens that a very ancient
end strikingly beautiful custom .in the
church of Rome takes place every year.
It is called ihe Holy Thursday procession.
People travel from early morning until
late in the .evening to witness it and to
tee the gorgeous 'decorations that form
f u<-h a feature of the day.
First in order are placed a *core or two
cl the prettiest little girls, ranging from
< to 12 years oldoand dressrd in the dainti
est, sheerest frocks that can be made
Their sweet faces are partially hidden by
long white veils, which are held in place
fcjy wr?aths of ffower*. For St. Paul eaid
that women were never to ent^r the
church uncovered.
Following them come the altar boys.
t>earlngr lighted tapers, and then t"ie min
isters cf fhe mass, and la&tly, under a
snakes are disproportionately short ar.J
thick. The puff adder grts his name- from
his peculiar habit of inflating himself
when angry. He is an impudent fellow,
with a rusty black coat, pugnacious, es- -
pecially in" early spring. If you trespass
upon his beat he will dart at you, swelling
.visibly, hissing loud and darting out Ma
wicked-looking forked tongue- But he is
for all that an arrant coward, as bluster-
Ing braggarts are apt to be. If you run
he will chase you, but If you stand your
ground, or make a motion to strike him
he shrinks one-half and scuttles off to ths*
thickest cover.
Still h» is not so Queer as the glass
snake or joint snake, of whom the book
men are still incredulous. Ha exists, for
all that, not too plentifully, to be- sure,
but in reasonable numbers, all along the
historic parallel, 36 degrees 30 minutes.
That is to say, from tho Carolina seaboard
to the western edge of Arkansas and Mis
souri. If ho extends farther west the fact
has not been reported. He is brown, a
eort of earth brown.'Vith a deeper black
lsh-brown stripe down the middle of- his
back. His coat is not scaly. Instead, it
is glassy smooth. He has a perfectly flat.
triangular head, and runs with lncredlblo
swiftness. It is almost Idle to think oS
catching: him in midsummer or autumn.
The best time to observe his peculiar wayi
Is early springy Just as the plow turns him
out into a raw March world.
At first he looks and acts like any tor
pid serpent. By and by. when the sun hat
a little enlivened him, nettle him with
light blows from a keen switch, and •
watch what happens. At the first ha starts
a bit, the second makes him sQuIrra, tha
third sets him shivering throughout hli
length. Then he begins to think there
must be something doing. The something
is to cast off a Joint or so of himself, and
scuttle away as best he can. It pursued
he casts off other Joints until only his
head remain. The remnant Is stout and
thick. It has need to be, since into it are
crowded a full set of snaka vitals.
Once safe away the snake lies <jni,»t a
bit in the sunshine. Then If thare Is no
further alarm, be crawls back eeekfnr tha
fragments of himself. He seems to fol
low his own trail, no matter how devious,
and as soon as he comas to a cast-a K
Joint, backs himself against It. and re-at •
taches it. This keeps up until he Is mads
whole. Evidently the reconstruction Is an
exhausting process, as after It tha reptila
will lie perfectly still for/hours, unless
roughly disturbed. '•
In all natures mechanism are few
things more deft or better contrived than
the provision for casting oft these Joint*
and picking them up a»~aln. The first ot
them, the tall tip.' Is. of course, the small
est. At the break tha end of it fits accur
ately within a projecting ring scale. There
are further three small holes In the faca
of it ' to receive three small gristly pro
jections from the other ¦ process.' Every
Joint is the same. But at breaking apart
they do. not bleed." Indeed there is no
evidence of any sort of circulation. Tet
circulation there must be, else the do •
tachabl© Joints could not be nourished.
There* are from four to seven joints la the
back of the snake, varying less, according
to size than to habitat. Sometimes tha
joint snake" reaches a. length , of six fact.
' But commonly he is iesa than thret.
SNAKES FROM HERE, THERE, AND
EVERYWHERE.
ll 1H1 iC 11 iTx lr^ld^lU lLdll/\lr\]l 11 U ICO*
*=t}=3HERE are ground snakes, water
II snakes. sea" ' snakes. burro wine
Jl snakes and tree snakes. But art
sorts of them more or less infest
each other's chosen habitat. The higu-"
land moccacln, a ground snake of the pur
est type, can upon occasion swim as far
and as fast as his congener, the water
moccasin, although the > water, moccasin. *
after the manner of water snake's, wears
his nostrils in the top of his flat head. * .
"A snake's tail never dies till after sun-,
down." That is an article of rural faith.
By way of re-enforcing it, it may be saJl
that with some specie3 of snakes a sev
ered head bites an hour or even two after
cutting off, and further, that the headless
body will often leap its own length If irr 5 
tated. That is not, however, o;ulte so
strange as that the leap is made toward
the Irritator— as though the body could
still measure distance and direction with
out eye, ears or brain.. .
All snakes lay eggs. Some snakes hatch
out their . eggs before, depositing them.
Thus there is a distinction. The egg-lay
ers are said. to be oviparous, and others
ovovivlparoua. Viper, indeed, Is derived
from that reptile's supposed habit of pro
ducing Its young alive. But no matter
what the species, every snake egg as
soon as formed begins to hatch. Thus it
matters little as to when or how they are
extruded. • Barring accident, there* Is very
Burs to bo a fins brood of young snakes
at a very early i data. While the. young
snakes ara very small ths mother reptile
guards them vigilantly. Upon the ap
proach of imminent danger she opens her
mouth and lets her young run down her
throat. The fact was for a long time dis
puted and reckoned only rural fable. By
a comparison/ tabulation and verification
of actual observations, extending to more
than 100 cases, it has been established bo
yond cavil.
Pythons brood their eegs. arran«to«
them in a pyramid, and winding them
selves around the pyramid in a sort of
Turk's cap snaps. This even In captivity.
There, however.': the eggs almost never
hatch. The period of incubation la fifty
odd days, throughout which the brooding
python eats nothing, though she will drink
thirstily if water or milk ia provided so
she may reach it without stirring her
folds.
Viper eggs are commonly linked into. a
sort of chain, but not invariably. Other
snakes .. sometimes lay linked . eggs, but
of tener single ; ones. The size of snaka
eggsis strictly proportionate to that of
the; species. Occasionally a snake shows
attachment to her ¦ unhatched - eggs, , but
commonly she runs i away; from - them .lit
the least hint of danger so long as they
are ; merely . eggs. - Occasionally scattered
eggs of the larger species have bee.i
picked , up i and ; set under, barnyard hens
—with the 'result that In a week or, such
matter, there was a, lively small wriggler
in the nest to terrify beyond measure the
unsuspecting fowl.
A knot ' of ' water snakes swimming and
playing ; in a • clean limestone creek • Is a
liberal education in gracious curves and
glinting color, especially water moccasins.
They have copper-bronzed coats, with flue
diamond-grained scales, and taper exquis
itely toward" both extremities. They I are
accounted poison snakes, but* their shape
makes against l . It. Almost * all ' venomous
'*' ' *' '
the repository, is decked with the richest
ornaments, and white is used, the color
denoting joy and gladness.
Lights blaze In ' profusion and . lilies
breathe out their tribute of' fragrance.
Amid the triumph of this great f oast a web
of sorrow Is interwoven to show that the
Joy: is not lasting and that the trials of
the Lord have not been forgotten. Bella
rings out joyfully in answer to the organ's
peals, but after that both bells and organ
are silent until Holy Saturday, to show
the sorrow of the whole world at our
Savior's death. .
Before him ihus honored the faithful
kneel in worship to make restitution to
him during the hours of his humiliation.
All day long on Holy Thursday the re
positories in churches are the places of
pilgrimage for the people, who offer their
faith and love in gratitude to their 'Savior.
So the celebration of Holy Thursday
comes as a brilliant light In the midst of
blackness, a bright day slipped In between
the darkest of the dark, and it will con
tinue to be celebrated with all Its solem
nity and pfcturesqueness until time ia nj
more. ¦"-" '{J.
11
THE
HOLY
THURSDAY
PROCESSIONTHE, SUNDAY CALL.
The opening of Gilbert's Melodeon. on
the corner of Kearny and Clay streets.
December 5. ISo'J. was a notable event.
reminiscences of the pioneer minstrels oX
California. Broken in health and yielding
to the encroachments of old ace. Mr. San
ford is one of the sturdy old gentlemen
who reflect credit and honor upon tha
profession they* fcllow'ed. for many yeari.
There was a sensational story of kid
naping in the latter part of '59 which la
worth mentioning for the reason that
Louise Poullln, who was said to have been
abducted, carried aboard th© Panama
steamer November 5 and brought back th«
12th, was weir known as a comic opera
singer several years ago, : and, her hus
band, Harry Warner, was for many years
business manager of Daniel Frohman's
celebrated Lyceum company. :-S~ '
brother actor with a congratulatory
rreetlnr to which bis answer was: *T««.
I did splendidly this tlm*. Only lost $3."
A hasty calculation on this basis would
make Mr. Deaves a debtor to his manager
for a large -sum during tha last thre«
years of the fifties.
It would be worse than useless to at
tempt to keep a record of the circus en
terprises and their location during this
period. Lee & Marshall figured exten
sively and there were many efforts to
combine dramatic and equestrian enter
tainments. Performing elephants and
grand opera got mixed up with a model
of King .Solomon's. Temple, which was
exhibited at a pavilion on Montgomery
street, between Post and Sutter, . the
prices for the menagerie show being: high
er than the best seats for the opera,
while the minstel shows under varlou3
names kept right on drawing good audi
ences at high rates of admission.
-If one was to ask the veteran minstrel,
L»ew Rattler, who is still a resident of S.an
Francisco, how many companies he was
featured with In those early days, it la
more than likely that he could not remem
ber the number, although he could enter
tain you for many hours with interesting
.-Nothing In this line had been heard since
Signor Ganbatoa' short season in the win
\ ter of 1855 and ¦ 1856, when ' "Le Cald" was
presented March . 9, 1851 -
The . Blanchis, who * remained in Ban
Francisco for many. years, .were assisted
on ; this occasion by Slgnor and Slgnora
. Roncovieri, ,the : reliable : local' artists, who
were . always • In ¦ demand for. first-class
operatic work, also by Stephen JWV Leach,
who had taken up his permanent abode in
-^California, Madame Feret and Mr. New
mann _were ¦ members of . the * company,
. under the baton Mons. Feret. J'Trova
tore" was the first opera,' of course, and
success 'had fairly • perched upon the Bi
anchl banner when the Lyster English
Opera. Company arrived from Australia.
' May. 16, with Rosalie Durand. Georgia
Hodson. ' Ada • King, Madame Boudinot,
• Fred^ Lyster, Frank Trevor. M. Boudinot
and others under the musical direction of
Anthony; ReifT.
¦, :•'", "La ; Sonnambula" was presented May
27, .1S59,' and' the company having organ
ized for steady work gjwe performances
every night at the opera-house, presenting
mining camp In Plumas County, now
known as Laporte, where her mother kept
a boarding, house. She started her theat
rical career with a Jig dancer named Grid
ley, who* owned the show In which Sue
Robinson played the organ. Lotta played
In many concert halls in the mining
camps, as well as in San Francisco, ar-d
was a great favorite. Her magnetism
was something surprising and John Broug
ham made a good name for her when he
called her "The Dramatic Cocktail." She
was greatly loved and respected by her
associates and later on when her father '
took a shot at Manager Tom Maguire in~
the public street of San Francisco for the
alleged reason that Magulre had spoken
in an insulting and unwarranted manner
of the little actress, there were many
who wished that Papa Crabtree had usdl
a double barreled shotgun in place of\a
small revolver, which wounded the mar>
ager fcut slightly.
Lotta has always had a great affection
fcr San Francisco and California people, f
the fountain at the Junction of Keamy
an>- Market streets having been presented,
by her to the city many years ago.
Sue Robinson, the girl alluded to as a .
IT Is Quite natural that the younger
generation of theater-goers should find
It difficult to locate the sites of a ma
jority of the theaters built during the
flret ten years of San Francisco's his
tory. Only those who were familiar with
the business districts before Montgomery
avenue was cut through diagonally from
the corner of Montgomery and Washing
ton Btreeta can remember with anything
like certainty just where the vanished
theaters stood, and it is amusing to see
how easily old-timers are confused or
mistaken as to the exact location of the
places they knew so well from a quarter
to a half century ago. Early in the '70's
the opening of Montgomery avenue
charged the topography of the neighbor
hood material! v by cutting off coiners and
obliterating some of the ancient land
marks on the west side of Montgomery
street. About as pretty, an argument as
one would wish to hear may easily be
started by gett'r.g into a gathering of old
pioneers and asking anybody where the
stage door or the gallery entrance of the
early theaters were. In the end there is
pretty sure to be an argument upon the
location, but there will be something like
a picnic before the opinion is unanimous,
and the searcher for information will be
surprised to learn how long it takes to
get the old memories in working order.
While there were no new theaters built
In San Francisco during '56 and 'Zt. sev
eral changes in name and management
must be noted to avoid confusion. On the
29th of November the name Majruire's
Opera-house was adopted at San Francis
co Hall, and. Concert Hall was opened
January 16, 1SS7. on the corner of Clay
and Saneome streets. The first entertain
ment was a diorama - of Bunker Hill,
•which was consolidated subsequently with
a minstrel company, and the hall was oc
cupied a short time after by a. panorama
cf the principal incidents in the crusado
of the vigilance committee. Two attempts
were made by Incendiaries to destroy the
panorama. Tho second, on May 11. was
successful, and Concert Hall Xcr the tima
. occurred In 1858 , and;, 1S'9, the two years
preceding having been comparatively '.un
eventful In' operatic 'performances or high
class t concerts. A _ recurrence of opera
was greeted with pleasure;. arid. although
a' number :of -.the most popular .and suc
cessful'artists" In' that line came to" this
coast during the* period last mentioned,* it
Is proper to preserve coherency, by nam
ing, the' dramatlc*arrlvals' and 'openings In
.the order of their occurrence.
Mr. and Mrs. James •WV-Wallaek arrived
from the s Kast and : opened In "Macbeth"
at the opera-house March 3,' 1828,' "arid' John
, Kelley,* the . popular \ violinist, appeared • at
the Melodeon 'April' 21. The ¦' second "troupe
of ' AUeghanlans 'opened' at Musical ' Hall
May . 5; f John * CollinsV ' Irish ' comedian, ;
John Drew (father ; of the /popular actor
of that name) and \ Miss 'Georgiana ; Kin
lock arrived December 29,- 1SG9. .Mr.' Collins
o~pened \ at the > opera-house and Mr. Dtew
at ; the : ', American^ (¦ the -. latter ':" playing',
O'PlenipoUh i 'Irish ;iEmbassad6r.';
Jahuaryi 1, 1S59, : and \ the i former i'playing
th« same ; part at th* opera-lioust j Janu-
he challenges ?.ny expert to compete with
her. Record is to be kept of the number
of attempts necessary to make-fach shot,
the contestant who makes the hundred
In the smallest number of trials to b»
given the match. M!ss Kaarlus Is modest
and the' perfection of physical grace and
strength. Her attention to athletic train-
Ing is incessant, and Is indispensable to
her wonderful success In close draw, wins
and, follow shots. In many of her'amas
ing, round-the-table .performances th«
most; perfect muscular development la
needed to drive . the elusive ivory spheres
through' the strange figures that they
must 1 describe.— Leslie's .Weekly.
her debut at Maurice Daly's academy In
New York. The best shots with the cua
of Schaefer. Slosson and Ivea seem to b«
veritable child's play to thla girl. Mlas
Kaarlus .does ' not claim that she could
beat the champion, Schaefer. at his own
peculiar style, but her father bas made up
a list 1 of -a hundred fancy shots In which
The other day his daughter. JI!s3 May
Kaarlus. Just past 16 years of age. mads
A newspaper writer stated a few years
ago that womar. can do everything ex
cept play billiards. That statement le<J
Professor Kaarlus, the billiard expert, to
resolve- to -prove that even In this field
there Is r.o gauge of woman's perfection.
Girl Who Is a Billiard Marvel
It i» "probably, noticed by musicians rihat
a revival of interest . ia- musical' affairi
Frank Mayo, who had made ' great .ad
vancement as an actor, came to the front
for a Joint benefit with O. Kingsland Sep
tember 2, 1859, at the Lyceum, on .which
occasion Mr. Mayo made his first- attempt
to play Othello' and . immediately r estab
lished . himself : asja ; legitimate actor. It
Is proper to state here that Mr. Mayo was
one .of five Richards .'. who appeared "in
"Richard III" at", the American , for j: the
benefit of D, C. Anders&n January' 8, . 186Q.
The, other four were Messrs. Ryer,;Saker,
Thoman and J. B. : Booths :
The opera-house was largely devoted to
minstrel entertainments, .tnit at three the
aters ' namely the Metropolitan, /the
American and the Lyceum, dramatic per
formances were,' given the preference.
Renovations being In order, Mrs. John
Wood,- lessee of the American, made Ex
tensive improvements in the Inside of that
house, which reopened March" 14, but ' the
season closed April 9, owing to; a dispute
between Mrs. Wood and John Collins,' the
comedian, who was to open two nights
later.: • • v . : '
A significant sign of th'e ' times. Is found
In the fact that early in 1858 prices were
reduced for ordinary entertainments at
all the theaters, and the first "gift enter,
tainment and Saturday matinee were
given at the Lyceum on June 19.
since It was at this house that Jo« Mur
pby. then a Sacramento River fisherman,
and Ned Harrigan; a journeyman ship
calker. made their firs* b!ds for publlo
favor as variety actor3. and it was on th*
seme stage that Magpie Moore became a
prime favorite In vaudeville. The six
ties were rich In theatrical Incident, and
the rfrst year in the second decado of Saa
Francisco's history is' particularly Inter
esting to patrons of dramatic art.
being passed ont of the game.
On June 6 the name of The Union was
temporarily changed to The Olympic, an>1
burlesque on classical dramas were pr«
sented for a short time. Reduction o*
prices one-half, making the highest 50
cents, failed to draw and on the 23th the
standard wa# raised to a dollar one*
more. The season closed a few days later.
It appears from the records that noted
dramatic stars were not so willing t.">
make 'the long trip to this coast In 1856
and '57 .and the minstrel companies divided
the cream of the amusement business
with the circuses. *"
. Edwin Booth and Harry Sedley took a
couple of tjeneflts jointly at the opera
house early In January, and it was in San
Francisco Just before his farewell bene
fit that Mr. Booth ma.de his -first appear
' ances as Richelieu and King Lear, the
first great character at the Metropolitan.
May 27. 1S56. and the second at the same
theater September 3, on the occasion of
hi* last appearance for twenty years
Mr. Booth went Haet on the 5th and was
¦ soon after recognized on ¦ the Atlantic
Coast as a superb actor, the one 'Booth
who inherited the great genius of h»s
Illustrious father.
Distinguished actors and other celebri
ties in the order of their arrivals ani
first appearances during *C6 and '57 were
aa follows : Miss Rowena Granlce. at the
Union, April 7. 1856; Mr. and Mrs. E. 8.
Conner. April 8. at the Metropolitan;
Julia Dean Hayne" and Charles Pope, at
the same , house June 23; Frank Mayp,
then 17 vears of age, made his debut at
the Asijrican as '.he waiter In "Raisins
the Wind," July 19.
Lotta Crabtree, then called La Petite
Lotta, made her first appearance here In
¦one and dance at the second American.
November 20, 1856. Although she Is said
to have been born in Grand street, New
York, November 7. lS47."ebe had' been
clcginj; before 1SS6 *t Babbit Creek, a
. TheiMandevllle family at this time cre
ated soine little-; interest In musical cir
cies,: one of them, " Mrs. ;. Agatha States,
> having : been a Bpecial favorite. At .the
i time Tshe married ¦•.William States, August
24, 1S5S, she was 'singing here with marked
success, but she was ' somewhat . overf.
. shadowed by the arrival } of " Slgnor and
Slgnora Bianchl ; from '- Mazatlan, ••; where
they had : been 'warmly received. , The • Bi
anchis began a series of seventeen oper
atic concerts, "alternating r with the * dra
: matlc -company fat the? opera-house, ¦ on
'; October JI3, 1S5S. : - Their success was prompt
• arid 'decisive andj on '; May. 5,1 1859,'"_they ¦ be-'
pan the flrst^season of Italian opera ever
; giveni here; at s regular ;'. rates,"
namely', from^ one 'dollar • to ; fifty" ooata.
*ry 3," Belle and Agnes Land arrived from
Australia February^ 9, and the Webb sis
ters, Emma" and Ada, came" from' the East'
to open at the opera-house on 'the 23>1.
Avonia and Melinda Jones,* Fanny Morant
and ' J. -R. Anderson came early ; in March,
the first two going to the opera-house and
the /others .to", the Lyceum, where prices
were temporarily raised. The extrava
ganza. "Fayre Rosamonde," was pyt on
at the opera-house December 17,;1S59, ¦ with
tho following new arrivals" from the East:
Mr. and Mrs. George Simms and H.' D.
Thompson.' ¦ By the oanie ; steamer came
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Forbes, Harriet Gor
don and Carrie Howard. '
ered a benefit in the light of a hardshlo,
since .tfc'ey ' Were compelled ; to work their
- friends Ifor - patronage to Insure a, larae
; attendance, which was considered proof
>i of jtheit; popularity.
•\ It is/ related of one ..whose name waj
used frequently.. for the purpose' men
i tioned ; that after one of his most flattie .
ins testimonials . he wu accoated by a
of the theater. It Is amusing to note' that
;some* of , the^play er s : of that time consid-
ciary -should pay the entire expense l»st
Fred and William Lvster left for the
East December 20, 1S33, and were gone but
a short time", the company playing ourintr
theflrst part of the year 1860'a short en
gagement until reinfercca by Lucy Escort,
Henry Squires. Mme. Bi.'cacciantl (occa
sionally) and John de Haga. Several sec
sons were played here until the end of
I860 and the organization left for Austra
lia'January 8. 18eL\
The Biscacciantisliad returned from the
East October 11, 1S59. bringing with them
George T. Evans, who was a prominent
pianist and musical director here for over
twenty years thereafter.
.A- peculiar- feature — of-- the •- theatrical
business during 'the period of which thin
•record was made was theifrequently re
curring V benefits. of the players in cverv
"line of business and It is urnusing.to not.)
the number bf times that Ned Deaves, the
; old-time' minstrel, popped up for a tcsll
: monlal. v :
; It is generally believed that the players
: demanded and received :-.s a part of thtjr
emolument a certain number of benefits
: per season,' but it is maintained on the
other, hand that the managers were the
Jones who stipulated for the so-called 'com.
, plimentary testimonials, on . which occa
sions it was also agreed that the benefi-
In rapid , succession "^"The. Barber of Se
ville," "Bohemian Girl," , "Crown Dia
monds," "Daughter of the Regiment,"
"Don Pasauale," '"Cinderella,". "Fra Dla
volo" and "Der Frelgchutz," • closing on
June 26. . The Bianchls opened again the
next;.nisltt at the American with "Lu
crezla; Borgia." /and' gave "Norma," "II
Trovatore" 'and "Ernani". up to July 13,
1850. ' . • V- •-/
'The Lysters wore m:.the. field th-> next
night 'at the opera -house and stayed with
the procession until August 20. when th»
company.went to Sacramento. During thl.j
seaswn. they presented, in addition to their
former repertoire, "The Beggars' Opera, ".
"Pocahoritas," "Mlda3,"'"John of 'Pans"
and "Rob Roy." The Blanches then took
another inning and wlien the Lyster.4
came back from the Ulterior for their
third season they went to the America^
for a short time arid the Bianchls ap
peared with them oh one or two occasions.
The Lyceum, In the upper portion of the
building on the northwest corner of
Washington and Montgomery streets, was
opened by John-Wilson, lessee, on March
IS. 1858. It seems, however,, that the num
ber of theaters was, not to be increased, :
for on June 2 the Adelphi. on Dupont
street, was entirely destroyed . by fire. . On
the 7th the opera-house, which; had been
closed for alterations and repairs.Vre
opened with a . combination 'of George
Christy** and th« San Frandaco • Min
¦trel*.
The summer of 18C7 was notable for the
first great German musical festival, which
began July 23 at the Metropolitan and ran
three days, the second at Russ Gardens
and the last at Turnvereln Hall. "W. B.
Chapman died )n San Francisco Novem
ber 7, and Mrs. Rosalie Pelby . died on
board steamer while on her way East. A
variety house, known as" Johnson's Melo
deon, was opened December 15, 1857, at 182
Montgomery street, opposite the Metro
politan, and the Bella Union, then a gam
bling resort, where free concerts had been
advertised for a month or two, came into
the field as tfco Bella Union Melodeon.
though there is no record, of # lts success
for some time thereafter.
member of the company •with Lotta, also
became a great favorite'and made a suc
cessful tcur wi«.h poor \\ alter Montgom
ery.
W. M. Fleming appeared at the Ameri
can aa Hamlet In December, 1S55. John
E. McDonough came early. In 1S57, opening
at the Metropolitan on February 2. Geoige
Walilicn was at the opera-house March
23. and Annette Ince was a- feature" at the
Metropolitan May 5. Mr. and Mrs. \V. H.
Hamilton (formerly Bessie Hamblln) came
on the 10th of the same month, the Penn
pylvaniar.s having arrived In the mean
time via Nicaragua. Once more the tide
of theatrical talent began to flow thla
¦way.
The Worrell sisters, Sophie, Irene and
little Jennie, who afterward became bril
liant comediennes on the dramatic stage,
opened at the North American Circus on
May 13. Emma Stanley, presented by
"smooth old Sherry," as Sheridan Corbyn
was subsequently known, sans at Ma
gutre's Opera-house October 7, and, Harry
Courtaine and his wife, Emma Grattan.
arrived from the East November, 2. They
opened In "Th- Littlej..Treasure" at the
opera-house on the 23d and at once be
came great favorites. Courtaine's little
troubles began almost Immediately, and
he was a source of great anxiety to his
friends for many years thereafter. It was
..n the 29th of December. 1S57, that Mr.
and Mrs. John Wo:d arrived, but they did
not appear until January 18, 1S5S.
12
EARLY DAY THEATRICALS IN SAN FRANCISCOEASTERN FINANCIERS SAID
TO BE INTERESTED IN CAN
NERY, SYNDICATE.
I, Twenty-ninth Infantry, John C. Tyson;
Company K, • Thirty-first Infantry, 'Hugh
Neiswonger; ..March ' 15. Company I.
Eighteenth Infantry, 'Erwln I. Brown;
March 21, Company E, Twenty-fourth In
fantry,'August Schultz; March 21; Battery
F, Fourth Artlllerj'. "Wallie Griffin;', Feb^
ruary 5, Company A, Fifteenth Infantry,
Otis W. Huffer; March 24, Company I,
Forty-sixth Infantry, Henry Howe; Jan
uary 2, Company E, Eighteenth Infantry,
Artificer Angel Calacari ; . March 26, Com
pany D, Forty-second Infantry. Christo
pher- Moring; March 17, . Company M,
Fourth Infantry. Axtel • Freden; March 8,
Company B, Twenty-seventh Infantry.
Charles A. Meller; March IS. Company B.
Twenty-sixth' Infantry, : Harry C. . Ander
son ; March 18, hospital corps, William H.
Bennett; March 21, Company C, Third In
fantry,' Andrew Pflaum.
SUBBENDERS ABB" REPORTED
MacArthur Tells of tits Action of
Geronimo and Contreras.
WASHINGTON, March- 30.— The War
Department to-day received the following
cablegram r from General MacArthur at
*Manila,> dated March 30:
V"Gen6ral : Geronlmo, .. commanding East
ern 'Bulacan, Morong Province,'surren
dered'yesterday with twelve officers,
twenty-nine .men, guns, took .the
oath and . returned > to the mountains In
order^to.iSecure, guns. ., Contreras, com :
manding North Panay and Sulzan, surren
dered^at Panay '. with. thirty guns." :
MAT VISIT '"AOTJHTALDO.
Cburtesy- Extended 'to, the- Wife and
: ;/• .Mother ', of the Prisoner.
i MANILA.;. March' "ao!-^The wife and
mother of Agulnaldo, who 'have been llv-
what. ' he >' expected from ~ his • j personal
knowledge of [the Kansas soldier-reporter.
"I met General Funston at; Tampa,*'; he
said,' "a J General ' Shi'.f teVs . headquarters,
before my departure for Cuba! I was then
military, attache .representing v England:
He was a- Volunteer • from Kansas.' 1 -- He
struck me Immediately as having ¦¦ the
making of ¦a.magnlucent: scout. I- got to
know him ' well { and am ¦ not ' in ' the least
surprised to find that -he has distinguished
himself.; ¦ V,. : ; ;: : .'•.*"
"I should call this feat peculiarly Funfl
tonlan. It shows what . , I ';; have j always
claimed, namely.- that -"the 'American sol
dier as a scout is. far and away. ahead of
every : other nationality." • ,V-'. '¦
In : general the" opinions declare that the
stroke .was one of the cleverest In, recent
warfare^ • Military clubs are delighted' at
its ' outcome*; foresee I a.' similar ' fate for
Dewet in Africa. and think it a splendid
piece' of work. M , . , . "
DEATHS AUONO THE'TBOOFS.
Wounds >and • Disease 'Decrease 'tbV
Ranks of Americans. .
WASHINGTON," . March v 30.—The \ War ;
Department has s received .' the'; following * ;
casualty ' list from ; General \ MacArthur .at ¦ '
Manila:' •, ¦ * • • - - - • ' p : '
Died ; from \ wounds ; received ; In ; . action— •.
March' 3, 'Company, 1,^ Sixth Infantry; Cor- > -
poral Hugh/ Nelson.;
: Killed *' byj accident-TCompany ;B, • Fourth - :
Infantry,, James, G.) Smith. . • li -. li , r . -,, .
, • A|l other caiises^-March 21,' Company B, .'
Twehiy-f purth^ Infantry;: James'?, Wilson; -
March (G.^Company. L, - % Eighteenth ilnfan-'
tijf'i Thorn as ' ; Lavey ; j March ? 18. /Company :
1,7 Tblrtlet Hi. Infantry, ,7 Joseph*. AK*Mey er; -'
March ' 21,'" Company, I, Sixteenth : Infantry,"
.Walter- H.I Townsend ; March ' 2, ' Company
SATS IT IS INSTTLTTNO.
St. Petersburg Paper Criticizes tha
Ambition of America.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 30.— The
Russian press. haa not particularly, com
mented upon the capture v of "Agulnaldo.
The> . St. Petersburg Zeitung (GermanS
.alone attacks the United States for using
traitors. The paper thinks "the ambition
of the United States to exercise Its Influ
ence' to secure a foothold alongside the
Old World powers Is positively Insulting,
seeing that America assumes the right to
Intervene in every dispute between Europe
- and Latin-America.'* '
The paper also blames the United States
for the delay In the Chinese acceptance of
the Manchurtan arrangement.
The" Zeitung 'does not represent Russian
sentiment, usually taking its cue from tha
pan-Germans or German conservatives.
Stanley Cables Congratulations.
TOPEKA. Kans., March 30.— Governor
Stanley last night received a meaaaga
from Washington Informing him that th«
.President had appointed Funston a brtga
- dler genera*. Governor Stanley cabled his
congratulations to General Funstoo, : . v ,
Ing at Binacayan, near old Cavtte, hava
been granted permission to visit him.
The Spaniard. Lorenzo Prieto. who was
charged with assisting tho insurgents by
furnishing Information to the ' insurgent
general. Cailles, In exchange for trading
privileges, was tried by a military com
mission, found guilty and sentenced to
death. General MacArthur commuted tha
sentence to Imprisonment for ten years.
x Prieto was the agent of the firm of Men
dezona & Co., and to a certain extent was
associated with D. A. Carman, the Ameri
can' contractor, also charged with aiding
the Filipino insurgents.
cannery that occuoies en area of twenty
eight acres and is the largest establish
ment of Its kind lnrthelt/orld. The^com
pany has also another cannery located at
Friday Harbor, "Wash.: The company has
a capacity for handling' ten thousand
cases, a day. The Pacific Steam Whaling
Company has a number of ships which, in
the event of the deal. It will sell out to the
syndicate. It »also owns several small
canneries in Alaska.
Should! the promoters of this syndicate
succeed, In their scheme this will be. one
of the largest commercial deals ever made
on'the Pacific Coast and means that the
salmon* canning industry will be convert
ed '.Jhto".a\ big trust. It will of course
mean the elimination of a number of the
smaller 'establishments and* the concen
tration: of the industry "at a few central
points. ' This would- mean the saving of
thousands of dollars to the syndicate,
which'. could also dictate' the price for
packed salmon. ¦"¦ • ; ;
but I did not seo him and he left after
making a few inquiries from the secretary
of my company. It may be possible that
a syndicate is being formed to control the
whole salmon packing Industry, but at
present we are not In the deal. I should
think, though, that with the exception of
my company an 'option could be secured
on every other cannery on the coast.
"If " Eastern capitalists* ' attention ' haa
been drawn to the coast and to the salmon
packing industry here I can readily under
stand H. This last year we had a large
supply ' of canned " salmon ¦ on hand,- but
more than any other year. We made a
market price for the goods, which was
universally adopted. I mean by that we
placed a fair profit on our goods and tho
other canneries all fell In line. From this
step It may - be - that ; Kastern capitalists
were surprised to see such, a small con
cern as ours could dictate the price to ther
world.
"To answer the question whether w»'
will sell out Is a hard matter. I suppose
anybody will sell anything if he gets tho
price he wants, and yet for Instance then*
are some things that you don't want to
sell at any price. I don't know whether
we would sell out or not. Nobody has
come and 'made us an offer, so what is the
good of asking?
"R. Onffrey I know by reputation as an
officer of the Pacific -American Fisheries
Association. I have never met him, but
my opinion is that he Is the promoter of,
this syndicate. Should he be successful 1
in securing the option on all the canneries
on the coast In my opinion he will go back
to New York and Inform the financiers.
Could he go back and place before them
this proposition they might possibly, buy;
up the entire canning Industry."
presidents of several of ¦ the . most . exten
sive banking house* - In New York City. :
Negotiations -have' been .pending Eeyer-il
months and representatives of the ' East
ern capitalists ,whp have, been' working. ail
over the -'coast' have i secured "on'a
large majority'' of the 'Canning plants, and
the syndicate' will be ' able to contrpl the
entire "salmon Industry .with the'exception
bf a certain per cent thtt;ls cdntroiled by
the Alaska Packers'- Association' of this
city:.vv,' x; v: ; v;V;,- ' .-.;:^- ; '; : . ...-^v ; •
It 'was' learned' yesterday that ; negotia
t-lons jiave \ been • commenced r with . the
Alaska Packers' 'Association for an option
on its plant',, but .nothlns definite, has yet
been done. , President Henry .'P.; Fortmann
said last night that: he had learned ; that
Inquiries , had ; been • made. 7 in the matter,
but that, he had had no 'serious talk with
any one In reference to the matter.
.The rumor, however, . that \ a_ representa
tive of the syndicate has secured options
on all the other canneries on the Pacific
Coast from North Alaska to the Columbia
River appears to be borne out by facts
known. Among the companies that will
be absorbed should the deal go; through
will be the Pacific American • Fisheries
Company, bfwfitch John' Cudahy of Chi
cago is the president, ' and the' Pacific
Steam Whaling Company, of ,whlch < Sena
tor George . C. - Perkins ; is the head. ¦
Headquarters in This : . City.
Should the syndicate be finally success
ful .the headquarters 'of i the big 'corpora
tion will be in this city. The shipping
center will all be here, the N vessels will *aJ;
from this' port and the help will. all be en
gaged by the headquarters in ' San" Fran
cisco. All supplies wilt also be purchased
; ln California; which Is an Item of vast im
portance to ' San F.ranclsco '¦ and .means the
mobilizing • of •¦ enormous' capital • in . this
city.' ... ' - ; " •;;¦'--*'¦•.'' \: -:' v '
i The principal corporation, that 'at pres
ent is in oh the deal Is the Pacific Ameri
can ! Fisheries Company, which at. present
controls a' majority of the flshieries:Indus
try 'on : Puget Sound.' This company wa3
formed - in 1889 with | a --capital'' stock;/ cf
J5,000,000. It has at Fairhaven, Wash., a
R. Onffrey arrived In the -city from
Puget Sound several days ago and regis
tered at the Palace. He has been Inter-,
ested in the salmon packing industry for
several years and Is a director of tho
Pacific American Fisheries Company. Ha
has been a very busy man since his ar-.
rival here and has had dally Interviews,
with prominent business men connected!
with the salmon packing Industry, among:
them being Senator George C. Perkins.'
He was seen last evening and though ad
mitting that he was here on business re
fused to be Interviewed. It is generally
I believed, however, that he Is hero as tho
representative of the New York million
aires and that his business here Is tor
' close the deal for the purchase ot all fistt
canning establishments on this coast. ,i
President Fortxnann Talks. r
Henry F. Forunann, . president of tho
Alaska Packers' Association, In an Inter
view last night spoke freely on the sub
ject.
"That anybody Is trying to buy xxa out
Is nothing new," he said. "It la a regular
thing about twice a. year that people call
on us and ask us what we will sell out*
for. Mr. Onffrey has called at my office*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,' N.
W.. WASHINGTON,' March 30.— President
McKlnley's coming -[ trip ¦ to the Pacific
Coast will be the longest ever. taken '• by a
chief magistrate of the United States.
He had not thought : of an extended tour
of the country, when' he first accepted the
lnvltatlon-to attend the launching of the
battleship Ohio at the Union Iron Works,
but what was originally intended to be a
straightaway journey to San Francisco
and return has grown now to a trip which
will -belt almost the entire United States
and will involve at Seast 25,000 miles of
travel. ¦ .
The President on his special train will
leave Washington on Monday, April 29.
He will probably return to Washington
about June 10, after having been in at
least thirty of forty-five States in the
Union and two if not three of the Terri
tories. In the six cars constituting the
special train will be centered almost the
entire executive departmental government
of the United States, for the President is
to be accompanied by his entire Cabinet,
iwlth the exception of Secretary of the
Treasury Gage. ; .
Accompanied by Cabinet Members.
President McKlnley and his Cabinet
members will have with them their secre
taries and stenographera. , Secretary Hay
will direct . foreign affairs, -leaving-. Dr.
Hill, Assistant Secretary of State, : to see'
diplomatic representatives of 'foreign pow
ers in person -in Washington. 'Secretary
of , War^Piopt,' lea.ving, Colonel Sanger, ; hla
ussistant,"! nominal acting . Seciretary of
War, will 4 be in , touch with the. War De-*
partment and ' our insular 1 "* possessions . by.
wire. Secretary Hitchcock -will be able to
turn the trip to much advantage .lnthe
way ',pt inspecting the 'public domain, 'for
est ¦ preserves and national : parks. Secre
tary Long will be in constant communi
cation with, his bureau ' chiefs, and ¦ of
course- will be master of ceremonies at
the launching of the Ohio. : Mr. Knox, the
new Atiorney General; Postmaster Gen
eral Smith,-*, and 'Secretary of Agriculture
Wilson are arranging their affairs so they
can be absent from their posts.
Proposed Meeting With Diaz.
Nothing has. yet been officially decided
as to. whether the President of the United
Statea and President Diaz of the republic
of Mexico shall", meet' In El Paso 'and
shake hends across the border. President
Diaz haSj been Invited to attend the
launching, of the ; battleship t Jhlo. It is
not known ' at the "White House whether
he has accepted or declined this Invita
tion. Preslden{ Diaz has been contem
plating a European trip, to begin in a few
weeks. .
It is settled . that President McKlnley
will practically - end his * tour, so far 'as
speechmaklng and receptions .are, con
cerned, at f the Pan-American Exposition
the first "week in. June. There he and his
party will; be, entertained by. thecltizeiw
of Arrangements are being mad"
for the President to! start the machinery
of the Pan-American Exposition In Buf
falo, May 1. Later he will come to Wash
ington : for . a - short rest, preparatory to
going into New England, where he will be
late in June and early in July. ¦ • •
Not a Speecb^Making Tour.
-Mrs. McKlnley. is looking forward to th-
trip with great pleasure. Although not ot
robust health,' the President's wife 'la a
splendid traveler and she .will 'make tho
entire tour with the : President.
The trip is '. to , be in no sense a speech -
making ¦ tour," It being the, President's- de
sire as far as" possible to avoid addressing
the crowds, which' will at the
various • places at which 'he will stop.
Some set - speeches at • several places are
already arranged for, . but : the PresldenV
will make 'no' rear platform' speeches' to
the multitudes.. .'
Another feature of the trip will betha
substitution of a drive through a. city' for
a public reception.' The trip will be so ar
ranged that there will be no traveling on
Sunday. . ¦ ' •
President McKinley_ will in 1 a few days
definitely inform. the Union League Cluo
of San ; Francisco whether he will be able
to accept the 'invitation "to be a guest'of
the club during ; his visit. /. Deputy. Attor
ney. General *, Abbott, : accompanied by ,R.
\V. , Bates, representing ¦ Senator ( Bard;
called upon the ! President to-day'' and • pre
sented the club's Invitation'. engraved oa
a gold plate. H@9 * ••'•/"
authority. 'All men agree that, the outlook
. to-day^ is much, brighter. ._¦ \.
LEE PBAISES ' FUNSTON.
British: ; Military ; Attache in ) ) Cuba
Talks' of j General's Deed. : ', .•
;. ; I/)NpON,' March 30.— General ; Funston' s
clever, capture of Agulnaldo" has elicited "a.
varlety.'of < opinions , from the - host 'of mil
itary, critics;! or those who imagine them
selves • such/ .One '. writer 1"; quotes. Lord
1 Thrlrig'sf manual of military law f to prove
that } the": capture .; was ,v not; much* to-be
Vrpud.'of.ybut; Uhe expression ;wai
heard ;from Colonel ; Arthur " L'ee/yM^^P.'iH
who declared ': that * the ¦ feat \ was,- exactly
Elaborate Plans lor the
Coming off the Chief
- Executive's Party. '
Twenty- Fp Tlou
09 T\(\ Mil AC * ¦ Af
llQi.Yultr-
LONG TRIP
AHEAD FOR
PRESIDENT
THIRTY-MILLION-DOLLAR
SALMON-PACKING TRU5T
NOW BEING ORGANIZED
J.- Pierpont Horgan ;^nd Other New York Financiers
- Said to Be Planning to Control All the
Pacific Coast Canneries.
GENERAL FUNSTON RECEIVES
REWARD FRO M THE PRESIDENT
FOR CAPTURING AGUINALDO
War Department Opposition Overcome and the Hero
of the Philippines Is Hade a Brigadier in
the Regular Army, i
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 121.
san francisco; Sunday, , march 31, . 11)01— TmRTY-twq pages.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
high appreciation of the gallant conduct
]of General Funston and_of the officers and
men of the army t and navy engaged with
• him In the Faranan expedition. The Secre
tary} of War 'personally joins in this ex
pression." '
j The. copy of .the dispatch given out con
talned several "stars," snowing the entire
message to General MacArthur was not
.made public. n
There were rumors at_ the department
that the, part omitted contained Instruc
tions regarding Agulnaldo. . v , .
AGUINALEO LOTJDLY JEERED.
the Captured Leader.
Natives Seem to Have No Use for
MANILA, March 30. — In company with
Colonel Vellla.hls cMef of staff, and Dr.
Barcelona," ex-treasurer of the Filipino
government, Agulnaldo now occupies one
of the nicest apartments of the Malaca
nang palace. ' He is closely ' guarded and
courteously treated. He spends much
time seated by a barred window, watch
ing" the boats passing up and down tho
Pasig River.
This morning Aguinaldo was recognized
by a crowd of natives going tip the river
in a lighter. The natives gazed at him a
while In silence and then began to jeer,
calling him Emilio and vile names in the
Tagalog language. ¦ The guards quieted
the ' disturbance and Agulnaldo' left' the
window in disgust.
' The natives In Manila are undemonstra
tive concerning Agulnaldo's ¦ capture, and
it Is difficult to ascertain what the ma
jority 'of ; them really think^of : it. It is
certain that Aguinaldo's Influence Is less
strong, than formerly, though; it ; is still
great. _ > HBhSSSH ':;L< %
/A'^'cof respondent Interviewed many Fili
pinos, .including both business and rprb
fessibnal'men in Manila, as well as repre
sentatives of the lower classes and former.
Insurgents, on the capture -of 'Agulnaldo.
The "majority of » the persons questioned
were unfeignedly glad that Agulnaldo -hail
been • captured,': and ¦; said . they," considered
that the .worst obstacle to the speedy paci
fication of ; the Islands : had : been removed-
Some.' men^ distrust "Aguinaldo and 'advise
his immediate deportation." Others^elieye.
he |cani render vaitf assistance! by. urging
his countrymen • to : acquiesce to American
¦*.¦ . . - .
Filipinos generally with what he has done
and bis \iews as to their future course.
Amnesty, for Aguinaldo.
It was explained : to-day that, notwith
standing the fact that Aguinaldo was cap
tured, the President: holds that his case
comes within the scope . of the amnesty
proclamation Issued by General Mac-
Arthur last summer and the enabling act
recently passed by the Philippines Com
mission, which proviiied ."that all persons
who on the 1st day of April, 1901, or there
after shall be in arms against the au
thority and sovereignty of ..the United
States In the Philippine Islands and all
persons aiding and abetting them' oh and
after said date, are , hereby . declared to
be ineligible to hold any office of honor,
trust or profit In the Philippine Islands."
Agulnaldo's fate depends to a great ex
tent upon .Agulnaldo.'. If he Is disposed to
meet the President half way lie will find
that the American executive will not be
backward. It may be that eventually be
will be given an office, the authorities
holding that he is eligible under the terms
of the enabling act, but this is regarded
as a remote contingency. Before obtain
ing his freedom Aguinaldo must give con
vincing assurances of his loyalty. The
amnesty proclamation excepts from its
application "persons who. have violated
the laws of war during the 'period 'of ac
tive hostilities."
No Trial for - the Present."
Army officers say no difficulty would be
experienced In obtaining all ibit{ proof
that might be required for, the .conviction
of Agulnaldo In case It were ; desired to
punish him. Attention was . called
to the proclamation issued. by Agulnaldo
soon after..the .outbreak of 'the ' Insurrec
tion directing the "extermination |of
Americans." '¦ • '• - ' • -. •
"Philippine families only will be, respect
ed," the proclamation .directed.' "They
should, not be molested, but all; other in
dividuals,* of whatever race' they, niay be,
will be exterminated' without" any .'ccm
passionby the army, of liberation."
Should • Agulnaldo prove* unwilling -to
take advantage of the generous . policy, of
the United States, the military commis
sion, which would try him on the* charges
growing out of his conduct, during the in
surrection, would probably ¦ recommend
his deportation to Guam. There will be^rio
trial, however, for. the r present.t Aguinaldo
Is to be given an opportunity to: consider
what he shall do, but in the meantime he
is to be kept a prisoner and secure from
RELICS OF, RULE OF, AGUINALDO
AND HEADQUARTERS OF AMER
ICAN COMMANDER.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— The
following- important army ap
pointments were announced at
the White House to-njght: »
To be major general. United
States Army— Brigadier General Lloyd
Wheaton, vice Miles, promoted to lieu
tenant general.
To b« brigadier generals in regular
army— Colonel Jacob II. Smith, Seven
teenth United States Infantry, brigadier
general of volunteers, vice Daggett, re
tired; Brigadier General Frederick Fun-
Eton, United States Volunteers, vice
Wheaton, promoted.
The announcement of these appoint
ments was made after a conference be
tween the President, Secretary Root and
Adjutant General Corbln, and at the same
time the long expected list of appoint
ments of majors and captains in the Pay
masters, Quartermaster's and Commis
sary departments, and of chaplains, was
made known. The list Included two ma
jors and twenty-five captains in the Pay
master's Department; twenty-one cap
tains in the Commissary Department, and
seventeen " chaplains. All of these ap
pointees are in the regular army under the
recent act of Congress enlarging and re
organizing the army, and without excep
tion the staff appointees are from volun
teer organizations. The chief Interest,
however, centers in the three appoint
ments of major general and two brigadier
generals, and more particularly in the
selection of General Funston after his
brilliant exploit in capturing Agulnaldo.
Following the announcement General
Corbln sent the following to General Mac-
Arthur: ' • •
"WASHINGTON, March ' 3O.-Mac
1/lrthur.^ Manila.: The following appoint
ments' madfe: Wh.ea.ton. ' major general;
Smith and Funston, brigadier generals.
Secretary of War Joins me in congratula
tions to alL -CORBIN."
FUTURE OF AGUTNALDO.
Held as a Prisoner of War and May
deceive Amnesty Later.
CAI4i BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. March 30.— If EmUo
Agulnaldo has violated any of the lawa
pf war and declines to take the oath of
allegiance to the United States he will
be tried by a military commission to be
appointed by Major General MacArthur.
This is the important feature of the In
etructions sent by Secretary Root to Gen
eral MacArthur to-day regarding the dis
position to be made of the prisoner. Gen
eral MacArthur will make no bargain with
Aguinaldo giving aim freedom in return
for aid In establishing a recognition of
American sovereignty. He will inform
that the Government is dis
posed to deal leniently with him and he
will be held for the present as a prisoner
cf war. He will be kept under,close.sur
veillance. 80 as not to be able to com
municate with bis former subordinates to
the injury of the United States. He will
be allOTed, if he desires, to take the oath
of allegiance and then to acquaint the
treasonable communication with the in
surgents still in arms.
The tardy recognition to Brigadier Gen
eral Funston nas at last been granted. by
the War Department. Adjutant General
Corbln sent this dispatch to-day to Gen
eral MacArthur:'
"The President directs me to express his
ji THIRTY million dollar, syndicate
/\ deal is pending In San Francisco
J»^\ and with Its f successful corisum
'~matlon the ; entire fishing ' and
~ '. :-iv Packing Industry, on the Pad*;
Coast will be controlled' by" one big' cor
poration. ; ,
The principal stockholders In . this new
syndicate, should the deil be closed, _ will
include the well-known New, York finan
ciers J.- Plerpont Morgan, 'August Bel
mont, W. • Sellgman, J. Sellgman and tho
Pages 13 iin
Pages 13 ta 22!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Special Correspondence of Th« GslL
HONOr.TTX.TJ'. March 23.— It may seem
strange that a Territory of the. United
States should claim tho right to have a
constitutional crisis. Tet Hawaii has a
crisis already. On "Wednesday of this
week a large majority of tho House of
Representatives was thrown Into spasms
of Indignation by epistles from both the
' Governor tnd'the Secretary of the* Terri
tory.
The first of these was In reply to a re
quest that all papers 'relative to the ex
ecutive branch of the Government from
the date of annexation be given to tho
Legislature.' Governor Dole said ho could
not submit all papers without tho consent
of the United States Government.
Henry Cooper. Secretary cf the* Terri
tory, next caused wrath In tho House by
returning a resolution demanding cor
respondence relating to> the claims of
political prisoners In 1S95. He considered
the resolution discourteous. Caucuses and
conclaves open or secret have not yet de
cided what is to be done about the affair.
The Legislature insists and the Governor
and Secretary firmly refuse.
. There is trouble also In the ranks of the
dominant party In the Legislature.
Whether or not It may be composed and
th« legtelatloa determined upon In pre
vious caucuses have swift and unimpeded
course . the next few days will decide.
There will be an adjournment at noon to
day, and a caucus will be held immediate
ly rilterward. At this It will be ascer
tained by the leaders whether the foilow
ing will adhere to the programme through
thick and thin and make a record for the
Independent party in the rapidly dimin
ishing time left.
Governor and Legislature at
Loggerheads About : .
Documents.
LITTLE - CRISIS
STIRS HAWAII
The cause of the fire Is not known. It
was discovered in the box factory, which
In directly under the butterine depart
ment, after It had gained considerable
headway. The night watchman had Just
gone on duty and the' other employes had
gone home. The fire burned fiercely for
three hours, during which time the fire
men worked to prevent its spreading to
the '.other buildings. At the end of that
time it was, under control, but the main
building wad a total wreck.
The main structure of the Jacob Dold
Packing Company was destroyed by flra
in September, 1S99. entailing a loss of $350.
000. It was rebuilt three months there
after, but the company did not resuma
operations, .except in the manufacture of
butterine. This department employed sev
enty-five men. All of the slaughtering of
cattle, sheep -and hoga has-been carried
on at the company's plant at Wichita;
Kans. It Is said that the Dold Company
Purposes to build a new plant in Armour*
ale, which" site is convenient to the stock'
yards, and the properties where the flra
occurred to-night are to be sold or leased;
Mr. Dold refused to make a statement
of the loss sustained by the fire to-night,
but he said he valued all of the building*
at half a million dollars, and that they,
were not fully Insured.
Chief Hale, scalp cut by falling brick:
Ed Dyer., ribs broken; Mike Mahoney,
back and limbs injured by falling wail;
Thomas P. Considlne, head cut by glass;
John Nolan, foot hnrt.
KANSAS CITT. Mo.. March SO.-A fire
in which $200,000 worth of property was
destroyed and five firemen, including Chief
Hale, were Injured by falling walls, oc
curred at thft Jacob Dold Packing Com
pany's plant c-n Eighth street, near Uie
Kansas line, to-day. The injured firemen
are:
Five Persons Injured and
Property Destroyed in
Kansas City.
FALLING WALLS
CRUSH FIREMEN
Send no money," but wrlteDr.Shoop, Racine, Wls.,
box 127, for six bottles ot Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic
Cura.txp.ps.ld. If cured pay$5.60. If not.lt Is free*
If You. Have ' Rheumatism
Army Officers in This State
Among Those Advanced
.in Rank.
WASHINGTON. March 3O.-In addition
to the nominations of general officers the
President has mado the following ap
pointments:
To be captains and assistant quartermaster*
—P. id Shriner, District of Columbia: N. P.
Ratcheldor. California; ¦ O. O. Bailey. New
York; A. W. Klmball, California; J. Z. Dare,
Ohio; W. C. R. Colquohoun, Delaware; J. M.
Baker/Pennsylvania; R. I.. Brown, WeatVlr
flnla; H. P. Young, New York; J. N. Patton,
owa; H. J. May, Ohio: N. H. Cr«ager, Mary
land: T.Swobe, Nebraska; W. 8. Cott, Penn
rvlvanla; W. C Cannon, Illinois: A. S. Blck
htm. Ohio; W.- E. Horton. District of Colum
bia; W.- M. Coultlng, Virginia; W. B. Barker.
Mississippi : I. ' ti. Fredenhall, wyomlngj H. B.
Chamberlain. Vermont: A. w. Butt, Oeorrla,;
H I* Pettus, Alabama; D. W. Arnold, Illi
nois; L F. Garrard Jr., Georgia; K. J. Hamp
ton. Kentucky-.B. Frank Cheatham. Tennes
see; Putnam Bradlee Strong, New York; Frank
A. Grant, Utah; Bertram T. Clayton. New
York; Clyde H. Hunt. Vermont; Frederick W.
Ccle, Florida;. Robert H. Rolfe. New Hamp
shire; Charles T. Baker, South Carolina;
George L.. Ooodale, Massachusetts; Theodore
Sternberg, Kansas; George Ij. Penrose, Utah.
To be captain and assistant commissary of
subsistence-H. . J. Gallagher, Iowar D. W.
Kuthers, from army; H. B. Wilkins, Iowa; H.
a. Col», Georgia; F. H. li»wton, from army;
T. B. Hacker. Tennessee; S. B. Bootes, Ohio;
Morton J. Henry. Pennsylvania; Carroll Mer
c»»r Maryland: James A.- Logan Jr., Penn
sylvania: M. S. Murray. District of Columbia;
Ftlmon F. Dutton. New Hampshire; Jacob EX
Bloom. New York: Fred H. Pomeroy^New
York: Frank A. Cook,. Rhode Island; Charles
!• Stivers. Ohio; William R. Grove, Colorado;
D J -Case. Pennsylvania; Wllllsjn M. Geary.
Washington: J. N. KlUian, Nebraska; William
L.' Elliott. California. ¦ t ¦ # .
To be paymasters with the rank of major-
George F. ; Downey, Hugh R Belknap.
To ' be paymasters, with rank of captain,
mounted— Thomaa C. Goodman. James B.
Houston. Beecher-B. Ray, Herbert Lord. W. B.
Rochester < Jr., Robert 8. Smith, William B.
Schofleld. James Canby, Charles E. Btanton,
William "-iO. ¦ Gambrill. George I*.- Plckatt,
George T. Holloway, Joseph S. Wllklns." Otto
Becker' Beymour Howell. Eugene . Coffin, Tim
othy Keleher; .James W. Dawes. llanley B.
Curry, William Monaghan, Thaddeus ; P. Var
ney John R. lornch. Pierre C* Stevens. Wll-
Uftm R. v Graham, Bradner- D. ; Slaughter. . .
To f be chaplains— George' R. Btnll, Montana;
E. P. Newson. . Texas; John M. Moose,* Missis
sippi ; Joseph : Clemens, ¦ Pennsylvania; . William
Colvert. Minnesota: Albert . J. Bader, New
York: Tj P. .O'Keefe^: Now/ Mexico; Joan C,
CranvlUe, -Missouri; Charles T. Wright, Geor
gia; W.' W.' Brander,' Maryland; "A."'A:- Pn»d«n,
North' Carolina; * Joha:,T.^ Gr»en«.-: New --York:
Samuel J. Smith, Vermont; Janus . L. Griffec.
Indiana; O. H. Ii*- Mason, = Iowa; • Thomas • j.
Dickson, i Missouri ; . Gcorga D. . Rice; , Massachu
setts. ¦.¦-. ¦¦-'..-: . ¦BSgflHBisH
CALIFORNIANS
GAIN PROMOTION
NEW YORK, March 3O.-Mrs. Esther
Cohen and two of her children— Benjamin,
aged 5, and Sophia, aged 1— perished by
the burning of a flve-story tenement
house at Delancey and Norfolk streets
early to-day. In the panlo which occurred
other mothers lost their reason and thre
their children . from the windows to the
street below, j That all were caught by
the police and firemen and escaped'seripus
injury seems almost a miracle. The fol
lowing is the list of the Injured:
Max Salisburg, aged 20, burned about
the face, hands and 'body. .
John J. Reardon, detective, cut on hands
and face by falling .glass. . •
Michael Oestfeldt, suffering from shock
and contusions.
There were thirteen families ¦ in the
house. The fire was discovered at 3:30
o'clock by the wife of the Janitor, who
aroused her husband, and together they
went to the front of the house, giving the
alarm. On the top floor of the tenement
lived Morris Cohen, his wife and their
children— Sophia. Harry and Benjamin.
The flames were already through the roof
when they, were awakened. Escape by
the hallway was cut off. Groping their
way through the smoke to the window,
Cohen picked up the boy Harry and. call T
ing to his wife to follow, got out on the
fire escape and started to descend. Mrs.
Cohen carried the baby In her arms and
the boy Benjamin followed. Out on the
fire escape the flames and • smoke which
burst from the windows below them sep
arated tho members of the family, and
only Cohen and the boy reached the
street. When the firemen were finally
able to reach the .top floor they found
tho bodies of Mrs. Cohen and the other
two children, blackened and burned, lying
on the fire escape landing.
The damage by the fire is estimated at
$10,000. ¦--¦
Mother and Two Children
Perish While Endeav
ing to Escape.
LIVES ARE LOST
IN FIERCE FIRE
¦-¦¦.¦¦ . \
Cancer of Stomach the Cause of Death of the
Talented Comedian.
ROLAND REED, THE ACTOR,
PASSES TO FINAL REST
A certificate has been Issued to Harry
L. Gum, re-elected first lieutenant of
Company H-of tha Fifth Infantry.
The following named- are mentioned In
orders for having failed to make returns
for the month of January as required by
law:
Captain George E. . I>awr«nce, Signal Corps,
First Brigade; Lieutenant William O. Morrison,
Fint Division, . Naval Militia: Lieutenant
Thomas B. Harloe. Second Division, Naval
Mllltla; Lieutenant Roncoe Howard, Third Di
vision, Naval* MlUtla; Lieutenant Carl B. Llnd
eay. Fourth Division, Naval Militia; Captain
B. B. Bturdlvant, Company B, Flr«t Infantry;
First Lieutenant J. II. Jordon, Company K,
First ' Infantry; Captain J. ; A. McMartln. Com
pany K, - Becond Infantry ; Captain P. M. Mil
ler, Company. I,. Second Infantry; Captain E.
G. Hunt, Company A, Fifth Infantry; Captain
.C. M. • Warner, Company I, Fifth Infantry;
First Lieutenant A; » H. ¦ Newell," Company . B,-
Sixth Infantry -..Captain C. W. Agee, Company
H, Sixth Infantry; Captain P. M. Norboe,
Company I, Sixth Infantry; Captain Truman
Cole, - Company C, ¦ Seventh . Infantry: - Captain
T. B. Thomas, Company D, i Seventh Infantry;
Captain- F. L. Reynolds, Company F, Seventh
Infantry; Captain H. E.'Hlgbey, Company O,
Seventh Infantry; First Lieutenant J. II. Stew
art, Comrsjiy- H, Seventh . Infantry. : ., .. \
Upon ¦ the • recommendation , of Major J.
A: Margo, inspector of. the Second Bri
gade; the ¦ cadet company. First Infantry,
has been f disbanded, if/ being deemed In
expedient to longer maintain a cadet com
pany with the National Guard. ¦ •
Signal Corps— F. 1*. Martin to be first lieu
tenant, commanding Third Brigade - Corps.
Cavalry— Darl W. Jones to be second lieutenant
of Troop t>. vice Potts resigned. First Infantry
— Harry F. McGurren to be first lieutenant and
battalion adjutant, vice Harloe resigned; T.
Philip O'Brien to be first lieutenant and bat
talion Adjutant, vice Mlddleton resigned. Fifth
Infantry— Frederick W. H. Peterson to be sec
ond lieutenant of Company A. vice Downie
resigned; Theodore - M. - Marols to be second
lieutenant of Company H, vice Wright resigned.
Sixth Infantry— W. C.. drove to be first lieu
tenant or Company D, vice Walthall resigned;
Claude T. Splvey to be second lieutenant . of
Company F, vice Trowbrldgre resigned. Sev
enth Infantry— George M. Magill to be captain
of Company H. Justin H. Stewart to be first
lieutenant of Company H. Harry B. Mitchell
to be captain of Company M. Ernest A. Mcach
am to bo first - lieutenant of Company M, vice
Mitchell promoted, atvl Samuel M. Bloom to
be second lieutenant of Company M, vice Bay
ley, term expired. Sanitary Corps— Theodore
Rether* to be major and surgeon, vice Mc-
Carthy, promoted. .
Captain 8. W. Kay, Troop B; cavalry;
First Lieutenant J. F. Sherburne. Com
pany E, and Second Lieutenant J. M. Mill
ken, Company G, Second Infantry, have
been appointed a special board of survey
to Investigate the loss of certain property
of the State and United States for which
Walter L. Williams, late first lieutenant
commanding the signal corps of the Third
Brigade, Is responsible.
Captain George A. Nlhell, commanding
Company C, Second Infantry, having ap
plied to be placed on the retired list, has
been relieved and First Lieutenant P. F.
Blmonds placed in command of the com
pany. ' \
Lieutenant W. G. Morrison, command
ing the First' Division of the Naval Mili
tia, having ' tendered his resignation, ' has
been relieved and Ensign Jonn F. Mur
phy placed in command pending the ac
ceptance of the tendered resignation.
Private Harold 8. Warren, cadet com
pany. First Infantry, has been transferred
to the sanitary corps. - ' ¦
Commissions have been issued as fol
lows:
Captain J. F. Eggert, commanding Com
pany L, First Infantry, having asked to
be placed on the retired ' list, has been
relieved, and First Lieutenant Henry E.
Curzon placed in command, pending fur
ther action in the matter.
To Captain C. W. Age«, Company H,
Sixth Infantry, ninety days; to Major Ab
bott A. Hanks, signal officer. Second Bri
gade, sixty days; to Lieutenant Charles
R. Alberger, aid, Naval Militia, .five
months; to Caotain E. A. Self ridge Jr.,
commanding signal corps. Second Brigade,
thirty days; to Lieutenant (Junior grade)
Henry C. Peterson, First Division. Naval
Militia, ninety days, and to First Lieu
tenant J. F. Sommcrs, Company I, Fifth
Infantry, ninety days.
The following resignations have been ac
cepted: Caotain P. <J. H. Faxrell, assist
ant surgeon, sanitary corps, and Lieuten
ant (Junior grade) Charles A, Hunt, Sixth
Division, Naval MlUtla; Lieutenant War 7
nick C. Waldron,' Company D, Second In
fantry;.. First Lieutenant R., D/.Wollam,
Company A, Sixth Infantry, and Lieuten
ant H. H. Walling. Company H, Second
Infantry. ¦ ' '-" :;
Upon personal request, Lieutenant ,W.
F. Burke, ordnance officer of the Naval
Militia; Major Herbert C. Partridge, in
spector of rifle 'practice. Second Brigade,
and Lieutenant Colonel Richard V. Dodge,
Seventh Infantry, have been placed on the
retired list with the rank each held at the
time of retirement.
Leave of absence has been granted as
follows:
The date for the division camp at Santa
Cruz was originally set for June IS, then
changed to the 22d, but as that will inter
fere with collection day it will be fixed
for the 15th. . ' , '
¦ XJie amendments to the National Guard
law have been signed by the Governor.
Under these the guard will now be ruled
by the rules and regulations ofttte United
States army. The bill 'also provides that
the Naval Militia shall be under the direct
orders of the commander in chief, and
this separates the force afloat from the
land force. An order will be Issued In. a
few days calling for an election of offi
cers In th6 militia from the highest to the
lowest officer.
Naval Militia No Longer
Attached to .the Land
. Forces.
REGULAR ARMY
RULES GOVERN
LONDOJ*. March 31.— The Sunday Spe
cial's St. Petersburg correspondent says
it Is surmised that the visit of M. Del
casse, French Foreign 'Minister, to the
Russian capital on April 30 is connected
with the Far Eastern question, and that
he desires to warn the Russian Foreign
Office not to push matters in China too
far and thereby . endanger the peace,
France desiring to avoid all warlike com
plications.
VIENNA, March 30.— The Allegemeine
Zeltung, which is in close touch with the
Austrian 'Foreign Office, publishes the
following note to-day: "England. Ger
many and Japan have presented Identical
notes to Russia and China, warning them
that the signing of the Mancnurian
agreement will involve the partition of
China. This combined action deters Rus
tla from Insisting on the signature of the
agreement. France, while declining to
co-operate with England. Germany and
Japan, has Intimated to Russia that she
would regard the conclusion of the Man
churian treaty as an unfriendly act." •
BERLIN, ; March 30.— A dispatch re
ceived here from Seoul, Korea, says that
two Russian warships arrived at Che
mulpo to-day. This visit had been ar
ranged for some time.
PARIS, March 80.— A dispatch from
Tientsin, under date of to-day, announces
that a party of bandits recently carried
off a missionary named Mussol, but re
leased him after several days.
Signing of the Manchur ian
Treaty Will Involve
Partition of China/
• ¦ — — ? :
Prance's Foreign Minister to Journey
to St. Petersburg to Enter Per-,
sonal Protest With Rus
'' • sian Officials.
NATIONS ISSUE
WARNING NOTES
POSTAL CLERK
GOES TO JAIL
Son of an Ex-Congressman
of New York Detained
in-Porto Rico.
Harold Crowley Is Alleged to Have
Misappropriated Some of the .
Funds of the Depart -
BAN JTJAST. Porto Rico. March SO.—Har
old Crowley of Lockport, N. Y. f son of ex-
ConfTessman Crowley and an employe of
the postal department, who. was recently
ordered to Buffalo, has been arrested,
charged with the misappropriation of $377
cf postal funds, and released on SlOOO balL
Crowley Is charged with misappropriat
ing this money front funds -registered In
Ponoe and en route from Yauco to San
Juao. The package was missed March 25,
and Crewley intended to sail from here
March Z7. He was detained by & postomce
Inspector, and an investigation showed'
that* he displayed considerable cash on
March 24. On that day Crowley said he
had received a lemittance from his father.
The preliminary hearing has been set for
April 2.
The eteamer Cristobal Colon, which
¦was sunk in the channel at the entrance
to Ban Jnan harbor by the Spaniards in
the earlier days of the war with Spain
and has ever since been a serious menace
to navigation, was blown up yesterday,
thus widening the passage to the harbor
by forty feet. The work was done under
¦contract for $6000.
Governor Allen has appointed sixty
eight Police Judges and established a new
•code for the District Courts.
The new commission, pursuant to recent
legislation, has designated Benor Lopez,
•a. member of the old commission, to revise
the laws. The commission has retained
J. W. Keedy to aid Senor Lopez in this
¦work.
From a private cablegram received here
from Paris it is learned that the French
Government purposes levying- a heavy
duty on Porto Riean coftee shipped Into
France. France is the greatest consumer
¦of this product of the island. This action
¦will prove a serious blow to the coffee in
dustry.
The North Atlantic squadron, which re
cently left Florida, and waa due at Cule
rra Island o:i March 29, has not arrived
and officials have no information" as
to its whereabouts.
The Vnlted States naval force here flred
a half-hour salute yesterday in honor of
the ' funeral of ex-President Harrison,
¦whirh occurred on March 17. The army,
however, observed this ceremonial on the
«ctual day of the tuncral. The cause of
this apparent hitch was that the army re
ceived its instructions by cable, whereas
Secretary Long of the nary mailed his or
ders for the naval funeral observances.
John Drew, Harry Harwood. J. D. Mur
ray, Bernard Reynold, F. F. Mackay,
Charles Klein, Eben Piympton, Antonio
Pator. William A. Brady and William
Courtwrlgrht. The day for the funeral has
not yet been set.
Roland Reed was born In Philadelphia
in 1S52 of a theatrical family. He took
children's speaking parts at the Walnut
street Theater and following bis schooi
days Joined the company of Mrs.' John
Drew at the Arch-street Theater. Later
he was first comedian with numerous
companies and became a star in his own
company In 1882, playing In "Cheek." Af
terward he produced many legitimate
comedies, including "Humbug," "The Club
Friend," "The Woman Hater," "Lend Me
Your Wife.". "Innocent as a Lamb," "The
Politician." "A Man of Ideas," "D«cota,"
"His Father's Boy," "The Wrong Mr.
Wright" and others. Reed was the origi
nal Koko In "Mikado" in the United
States.
about a month ago made a trip to Califor
nia and other "Western States in the hope
of Improving his physical condition. The
change, however,' did hot prove beneficial,
and his mother was telegraphed for. She
arrived at Houston from New York last
week, and on Thursday, they- started for
that city, where Mr. Mahl expected to
spend his last days with his parents.
Dock Laborers Still Defiant.
MARSEILLES, March 30.— The en
gineers and boilermakers have resumed
work, but the fctrlke of the dock laborers
has not changed. At the closing of the
labor exchange to-day several hundred
men approached the Town Hall shouting,
"We must have eight hours' work a day. '
The cavalry dispersed the demonstrators.
NEW YORK, March 30.— Roland
Reed, the actor, died In this city
to-day. He died at the home of
his mother-in-law. Mrs. Rush.
At his bedside were his daugh
ter, Miss Florence Reed, and Mrs. Rush.
Hli wife was In Philadelphia, but on re
ceipt of a message she started at once for
this city.
The actor's death was caused by cancer
of the stomach, from which cause he had
been stiff erlncrvor some time and for the
the amelioration of -which he had aub-
Tnitted to several operations. His death
was peaceful.
It was announced at the Players' Club
to-nlgrht that Mr. Reed would be buried
under the direction of Edwin Forest
Lodge, Actors' Order ct Friendship. His
remains will be placed temporarily in a
vault In Woodlawn Cemetery. The pall
bearers will be Frank W. Sangrer, Milton
Noble, Louis Aldrlch, Augustus Piton,
DEATH OF AN OFFICIAL
OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Herbert Mahl, Chief Engineer of
Maintenance . of Way, Dies in .
South Carolina.
SPARTANBURG, S. C. March 30.-
Herbert Mahl ' of the Southern Pacific
Railroad died here to-night of consump
tion. He was in his private car on his
way to New York. The body was sent
from here to New York. '
Mr. Mahl had occupied the position of
chief engineer of maintenance of way for
the Southern Pacific, with headquarters
at Houston, for a number of years. He
had been In bad health for some time, and
BE0B.GANIZEE3 AT WORK
ON THE ZINC COMPANY
International Concern, Mow in Hands
of Receiver, to Be Immediately
Rehabilitated.
JOPLIN, Mo.. March 80.— A step to-ward
the reorganization of the International
Zinc Company, which is now In the hands
cf a receiver, was made to-day when
Judg'e William Iloblnson, a member of the
Missouri Supreme Court, bought in 110
acres cf mineral land known as the Free
Coinage property, one of the company's
former holdings. Judge Robinson, who
•was ore of th« mortgagees, bougrht in the
property lor $30,000, and under an agree
ment with Henry B. Shoemalcer of the
New York reorganization committee he
vrill make a warra.nty deed to the com
mittee, or persons designated by them, on
paynter.t cf $CK!0, they in turn to make a
trust deed to Judge Robinson and the
other mortgagees for $24,000. the balance
necessary to obtain a clear title to the
land.
Under the present arrangement all
Etockholderg will receive new stock in the
reorganized company on deposit of their
c]d stock. It i3 understood that the stock
of tho oompsnv will be reduced material
ly. Just before the pal* rommei'-fi M»\
Shoemaker, who arrived here from the
Last last night, received a telegram from
Messrs. Dau^herty and McNaDor of the
New York committee eta-ting- that other
stockholders allege of their own knowl
edge that when the mortgage was given
only 515,000 was due on the land.
, THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
14
ROLAND REED. THE NOTED COMEDIAN. WH*O DIED YESTERDAY
FROM CANCER OF THE STOMACH. HE WAS ONE OF THE BEST
KNOWN MEMBERS OF THE THEATRICAL PROFESSION.
DAN liROSVFNDR SAVS # s^^\fiSS-Hi
II All URu J T ClT-Un DA I J. ss^^ss^SiS^lsi
— . ¦ what it Is to suffer from that terrible dto-
.. , * • ' r\ * r\ 1 ease and I feel that it la rny duty to apeak
Peruna Is an Excellent Spring Catarrh %r&ssL*zsx. t ssjs u «srs:
- • . * of a bad case of catarrh and I know it
Remedy— I am as Well as Ever."
""**"—^ '^^^^»>^j s [v» "' *^)^-^ * cstturrli from tti© iy>t«ui wi*©r»
HON. DAN. A. OROSVENOB, OF THE FAMOUS OHIcTfAMILY. o|^nt? O S a St^ r rh b< Sf'thc T h2d? ie *****
Hon. Dan. A. Grosvcnor. Xteptity Auditor for the "War Department. In a letter Tf „ do not derive proenpt *ad »atl»-
written from Washington. D. C, says: , ; . factory results from the use of Peruna.
"Allow mo to express my gratitude to you for tha benefit derived from write at <mce to
one bo file of Peruna. One week has brought wonderful changes and I am S^pie^^i^rive you his valuable advtoa
now as well as ever. Besides being one of the very best spring tonics it is Dr Hartman , president of The
an excellent catarrh remedy." Very respectfully, Dan. A. Grosvenor. Hartman sanitarium, doiumbua. Ohio.
I Spring Humors, . Spring Fever,
Spring Pimples, Spring Tired Feeling,
Spring Loss of Appetite, Spring Biliousness,
Spring Weakness, Spring Catarrh, ||
Spring Headache, Spring Nervousness.
Hood's Sarsaparilla and Pills are the greatest and best Spring Cleansers.
They brush away the cobwebs, in the chambers of the body, and brain/ make the
blood rich and pure, invigorate the liver, give-, a clear, - healthy complexion, good
appetite, perfect digestion, sweet sleep, sound health;.
For your SPRING MEDICINE, get the best— HOOD'S, and have the
whole family^ begin to use Hood's Sarsaparilla and. Pills; today.
In medicinal merit, in wonderful cures, in enormous saleSj they are unequalled;
Owl prices
for this week
Another week of specially low prices — another chance
to buy drugs, medicines and toilet luxuries at lower prices
than other druggists pay for them. The Owl buys in
carload lots — pays spot cash — secures the best that's
ma de— at prices which permit us to offer the following
I for this week only. Mail orders not filled at these prices.
Packer's Tar Soap 2 for 25c Pepper Whiskey 65c
Regular price 25c— our rea;- Regular $1 size of this good
ular price 3 bars for 50c— this old whiskey— save 35c on a
week four for fifty bottle all this week
L T g S «,T°p 0 rS 2 S e usuIf C Allen's Malt Whiskey 65c,
prjcl*-^ A on each tin JSgfflfcgftgg!.
' xms weeK • save 20c now
Roger & Gallets Perfume _
Our regular ooc size of 80c Pabst Best Tonic 20c
- . Peau de Espagne a chance to get a good tonic !
Flnfirta Water 45c at a cut price— Regular 25c a
NOnaa w , dl f ' , n .. U J*Z bottle now 20c or $2.25 \
Murray & Lanman s large d
75c size— our usual price 50c
: Lablache Powder 25c Renner ' s Malt Extract 15c
\ Regular 35c aH over town-- German (Munich) Malt —
'our price 30-spedal this week usually sells for 25c or $2.25 a
at 25c _ ¦ n dozen— this week $1.75 ¦»
Munyon s Soap we dozen
We sell this well advertised
soap at 15c usually— special Owl Bird Seed 3 lbs 15c
price this week Usual price of this clean fresh
Kirk S Juvenile Soap IOC bird seed Is 25c— this week
Regular 25c cakes special price
>^ J m « r j^^C . ¦¦ ¦
'fejj|J| / 1125 M-rhel St.. Son Fr*r.ch,c O/ 'MSSl
Wimp Broadwty t* lOth St.. CUhland - - W^Fv^fNEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT.L, SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 19O1.
METZ. March 30.— A. oourt-maj-tJaJ bu
condemned Lieutenant Reuger to six
years' penal servitude and tt> dismissal
from tt.e army for shooting at Lieutenant
Adame with the view of preventing a duel
between his brother and Adams. At a
T>revious court-martial Reuger was con
demned to twelve years' imprisonment.
Her Majesty Alexandra Expresses
Gratitude for Love and Sympathy
Extended in Denmark.
COPENHAGEN. March 3O.-Replying to
the address of the representatives of the
6oO Danish associations this afternoon.
Queen Alexandra made an interesting
speech.
"Receive." said her Majesty, "my heart
felt thanks for the beautiful address ex
pressive of the love and sympathy with
which my dear compatriots still surround
me. notwithstanding the lapse of so many
years. It was a heavy blow which befell
mv husband and myself when God called
our beioved and never to be forgotten
Queen Victoria to himself. May God give
us strength and wisdom to discharge the
manifold, great and difficult duties which
have now devolved upon us. In the con
fident hope of being able in the future to
contribute toward strengthening the
bonds which have for so many years
united Great Britain. I express again my
profound gratitude to all who signed the
address."
Six Years for a Lieutenant.
QU££N OF BRITAIN"
GIVES THANKS TO DANES
TFTRASHES A COBBLER
FOR VULGAR MANNERS
Woman in a > Kansas Temperance
Town Goes Forth "With a Knife
and a Strap.
TOPEKA, Kans., March 30.— There are
no. saloons In Virgil. Kans.. but there is a
woman who follows closely after the foot-
Steps of Mrs. Nation. There has been
considerable complaint of some loafers in
the stores of the town putting much mis
chief into the minds of the boys by their
vulgar talk. To-day Mrs. J. M. Smith
took her husband's razor strap and a
knife and went to a shoe shop, where she
gave the proprietor a pound thrashing for
talking in a vulgar manner to her son.
She -was arrested and fined $5, but says
she will do the same thing again if the
offense Is repeated.
GEBJUAJTX' WTLI. ATTEMPT
TO CURB THE POLES
Influences in tho Eastern Provinces
to Be Put Down by Societies
and Garrisons.
BERLIN. March SO. — Chancellor von Bu
low has determined to introduce a bill de
signed to check the continued growth of
Polish influences in the eastern provinces.
One method will be the organization of
German clubs subsidized by the State.
Garrisons j also will be re-established in
several places.
Relinquishment of an Inch, of
North Schleswig.
BERLIN, March SO.— Owing to the al
leged agitation of the Danes in North
Scbleswlgr In favor of the exchange of the
northern district of Hadersleben for the
three Danish West Indian Islands the
North German Gazette, in an inspired de
nial, says:
"No Prussian or German statesman
would or could think of selling or ex
changing or otherwise ceding even an
inch of North Schleswig to Denmark."
German Paper Says There Cannot Be
OPPOSITION TO CEDING
TERJOITOBY TO DENMA.UK
Confidential Agent of Cecil Rhodes
Cannot Retain the Place He Oc
cupies in Faliament.
LONDON. March 30.— As a result of the
evidence heard in the trial of the petition
alleging that' agents of Frederick Ruther
ford Harris. .;x-Secretary of the British
Chartered South African Company, were
guilty of corruption in the parliamentary
election at Monmouth, counsel for Harris
at . the resumption of the hearing to-day
announced that Harris, under the circum
stances, must relinquish his seat in the
House of Commons.
Harris was the confidential agent of
Cecil Rhodes, and won for the Conserva
tives a seat which had long been held by
the Liberals. . '
MUST LOSE HIS SEAT • J
IN HOUSE OF COMMONS
LONDON, March 30.— The . diary of
Major Andre, after lying hidden for a
hundred years, has been 'discovered in
England. This interesting find was made
by Lord Grey the other day while he was
going over a lot of old family papers that
probably had not been disturbed since
the conclusion of the American war of
independence.
Lcrd Grey's great grandfather was a
commander of British troops in America
at that time, and Andre- served on his
staff. .This accounts for the diary being
in the possession of the present peer. The
diary is apparently the original, but In
order to make sure that it is not a copy
Lord Grey is' sending over to the United
States to secure samples of Andre's hand
writing, none of which can be obtained
here.
-The diary Is a story of the campaign,
day by day, during the years 1777-1778. It
is simply but interestingly told from the
soldier's standpoint and is accompanied
by maps, apparently drawn by Andre him
self with a skill that would make him
the equal of any military hydrographer
of to-day.
The diary ceases too early to throw new
lipht upon the motives which prompted
the tragic ending of his career, but it
gives interesting glimpses of the person
ality of one of the historic figures of the
revolution.
Record of Operations During
Revolution Includes Valu
able Maps.
Lord Grey Discovers a
Rare Old Wartime
Document.
ANDRE'S DIARY
FOUND AMONG
MUSTY PAPERS
Former Dictator of Venezuela Re
ceives His Proper Title by Order
./of the Constituente. .
WASHINGTON, March 30.— Senor Puli
do, the Venezuelan Charge d* Affaires, to
day received a cablegram from his Gov
ernment stating: that the Constituente
has appointed President Castro to be pro
visional President of Venezuela. The Con
stituente is framing a constitution for this
South American republic. When the Presi
dency changed hands not long ago Cas
tro proclaimed himself President and this
action of the Constituente invests him
with the full powers of l Presidential rule
to the limit of its authority. Up to this
time he has simply ' been dictator of tho
republic.
Steamer Founders Off Britain.
HULL, March 30.— The local steamship
Paris foundered to-day off the Northum
berland coast.' A boat with ten of her
crew capsized and nine, men were
drowned. ¦¦¦¦.' •.
CASTRO IS ACCORDED
' . POWERS OF '"PRESIDENT
and William the. Great.
BERLIN, March 30.— The monuments In
the Sleges-Allee to the great Elector,
Frederick William, and William the Great
were unveiled .this morning in the pres
ence of the Emperor and Empress, a
number of Princes, Count von Bulow and
the generals. The French residents of
Berlin placed a wreath at the foot of the
monument of the great Elector. After the
unveiling the troops marched past. Subse
quently there was a luncheon at the cas
tle, those present including the command
ers and staff officers of the Life Guards.
Empire's Troops March Past the
Statues of Frederick William
GEEMAN RULER UlTvTEILS
V MONUMENTS IN BERLIN
Whether the. conditions should be ex
acted from the King or whether the Lib
erals must frankly appeal to the country
for the practical abolition of the Houae
of Lords is not quite clear. But anyway,
as the Daily News says, "It is a bold and
somewhat startling suggestion in which
Mr. Gladstone seems to have put his fln
ger on the weak spot of modern liberal
ism."
"The Irish question is more to the front
than ever and the Government seems to
view it with aoathotlc impotence. Tho
advocates of the Liberals are not en
deavoring: to take up the Government's
burden. until they have exacted conditions
that their policy will not again be stulti
fied by the rejection of their measures oy
the House of Lords."
"The war in South Africa will cost not
far short of two hundred millions and the
settlement seems as far off as ever. There
are problems to be salved in the Par East
of the first magnitude and the Govern
ment appears destitute of a clear, settled
policy. Already the huge expenditure for
the army and navy Is going up by. leaps
and bounds and will force Eurose to add
to its ruinously large armaments. Where
is it to end? ,
Liberals can unite against what even the
Conservative organs admit to be the weak
management of the paity in power." The
letter is short. Its quality can be judged
from the following excerpts:
LONDON, , March 30.— Herbert Gladstone,
member of Parliament for West Leeds.
has issued a letter lo bis constituents
containing a j striking indictment - of the
Government wbicb. th« Daily News de
clares "will be welcomed by all Liberal*
as a bugle call to action and as worthy
of his father's son. • He appears to have
struck a note on which a majority of the
Liberals Expeced to Receive
His Words as a Bugle
Call; to Action. ; v
Gladstone's , Son Scores
the Govern merit for
Its Apathy.
LAYS A LASH
ON BRITAIN'S
POOR POLICY
steamship- Ophlr, with the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York on board,
arrived here tt>-day. Mohammed All,
brother of the Khedive, welcomed the
Duke and Duchess In the name of 'the
Khedive and in : the presence of Lord
Cromer, the British diplomatic agent, and
other notabilities.
During the voyage th» Ophir-was al
most constantly in touch with the shore
by means of wireless telegraphy. Thurs
day she sent a message to the island of
Malta. 1S5 miles distant, and passing 100
mlle<> south - of the Island of Crete * the
Duke of Cornwall and York, telegraphed
to his cousin, Prince George • of Greece,
the : commissioner of the powers on that
island, and. received a reply. When, the
Ophlr was too far from land, the attend
ing ' cruisers took messages > toward '¦ the
land stations until the wireless calls were
answered. - ¦ - . .: ¦ •
Involved in a Bank Failure.
BER1UN, March ,80.— Otto i Sanden and
Alexander . Haenschke,* : directors of the
Landed Property; and .> Mortgage Invest
ment Company, have been arrested in con
nection . with .. the Spiehagen , Bank j affair,
in which thousands of . poor . persons lost
their savings. ¦ . -¦¦•,;
Folkething President Resigns.
COPENHAGEN, March 3O.---At the clos
ing of the v Rigsdag . to-day .' Hoegsbro,
President- of the Folkething,' announced
hia , resignation." : ~
Duke of Cornwall and, York . Arrives
at Egypt After Sending Inter
esting Messages.
PORT SAID, Egypt^ March SO.— The
WEBJEXESS TELEGRAPH?
* > '*M BEARS HIS GREETINGS
WASHINGTON. March 30.— On account
of the reported existence of rinderpest In
the Philippine Islands, Secretary Wilson
some time ago recommended to the Sec
retary of War that such action be taken
as might be necessary to prevent the in
troduction of the contagion into the Ha
waiian islands and the United States by
animals brought on Government trans
ports. He also requested the Secretary
of the Treasury to direct that special pre
cautions be taken on the Pacific Coast to
prevent the landing of susceptible ani
mals without their betng turned over to
the Department of Agriculture for quar
antine under the supervision of the
Bureau of Animal Industry. Secretary
Wilson has received replies from Secre
tary Root and Secretary Gage informing
him . that the desired instructions have
been issued. ' !
Rinderpest is the great cattle plague of
Oriental countries, which has frequently
swept over Europe, destroying nearly all
bovine animals, and has attracted special
attention during the past two or three
years by its ravages In Africa, where in
many sections it destroyed from 90 to 95
per cent of all the cattle. Although inocu
lation at last has been so far efficacious
as -somewhat to reduce the losses from
this disease. It still remains one of the
most fatal diseases to cattle. .-
Government Pears That the Cattle
Plague of the Orient May Find
a Loophole.
PRECAUTION IS TAKEN
AGAINST THE RINDERPEST
Regarding Chinese Indemnity and the
mode of apportioning it, there is no di
vergence of opinion between the United
States and Germany, notwithstanding nu
merous statements to the contrary. The
American embassy and the German For
eign office hold almost dally conferences
on the subject of China, hitherto always
leading to mutual understanding.
Emperor William unveiled to-day monu
ments to . the Great Elector. Frederick
William, and to William the Great. Noth
ing unusual occurred at the ceremony.
It is said in official circles that the
negotiations at Peking are now*wholly
confined to the details of questions re
garding the indemnity, etc., and . that
nothing ' of importance is transpiring
there. Germany does not know whether
the Russo-China Manchurlan convention
has been signed or not. Officials here re
gard the Korean question to be progress
ing satisfactorily find do not believe Ja
pan will become aggresslvo in {he matter.
The Vorwaerts is of the opinion that the
Emperor's speeches are momentary signs
of mental depression, occasioned by the
Bremen outrage, which the Emperor con
tinues to attribute to a deep laid plan In
stead of regarding it ns the irresponsible
deed of an epHeptlc. This opinion Is sys
tematically strengthened by the Conserva
tive press, clippings from which persons
of the Emperor's entourage take care reg
ularly to place before liim:
Outside of Prussia the disapproval by
the press,, including the semi-official news
papers, of the Emperor's sensational
speeches ie even greater. The comments
of the Stuttgart Schwaebische Merourare
are to the effect that the speeches are
calculated to arouse widespread misun
derstandings. The semi-cmcial newspaper
of Augsburg the Abend Zeltung, says the
speeches will nil every patriot with deep
est regrets and greatest fears for the fu
ture, and awaken the fear that the Bre
men incident has bred images in the Em
peror's mind which are the product of an
over-excited fancy. The Munich Neueste
Nachrichten says it is impossible to pro
mote monarchlal sentiments when the na
tion 1p systematically misunderstood, in
sulted and debased before the world by its
own Emperor. .
In. the House of Lords Professor Fried
ler, rector of the Charlottenburg Techni
cal High School, made a powerful speech
against the Prussian Minister of Justice,
Dr. Schlenstedt, charging him* and the
Prussian bureaucracy with trying to de
feat again Emperor William's school re
form, favoring natural sciences and mod
ern languages against ancient languages
and training in the. present gymnasiums.
The Minister weakly . denied the charge.
BERLIN, Match 30. — Emperor William's
speeches at the - dedication of the new
barracks near the imperial castle of the
Emperor Alexander Grenadier Regiment
are still the sensation of the hour. The
Vorwaerts to-day vouches lor Its sharpest
version of ¦ his Majesty's, speech. . The.
Hamburg correspondent also Bays that
the version published by the Kreuz Zel
tung is much milder than the Emperor's
original words.
The press is 'still puzzling over what
caused Emperor William to recently in
dulge in such pessimistic talk, and consid
ers his words to be unwarranted by facts.
They point out also that the Emperor's
prediction In answering a toast Thursday
night to the effect that Germany would
soon have- to right against overwhelming
odds is at variance with all the declara
tions of Count von Bulow, the Imperial
Chancellor, who represents Germany as
surrounded by friends. -. -
The Vbssische Zeitungr and the Berliner
Tageblatt attribute the depression of the
Emperor, which inspired these speeches,
to recent determining influences and "Ir
responsible advisers.* 1 by which they re
fer to. Dr. von Lucanus, the head of his
Majesty's civil Cabinet; General von
Hahnke, the chief of his Majesty's mili
tary Cabinet; Admiral von Blbran, chief
of the marine Cabinet; the adjutant gen
eral and others, who most systematically
misrepresent the actual internal situation,
especially with regard to the Socialists.
One Paper Says Emperor's Re
/ cent Address Debased
His Subjects.
Germany's Journalists
Fiercely Cr iticize )-\
William.
STORM SWIRLS
ROUND HELMET
OF THE KAISER
Omaha Club Tenders a
Notable Reception to
tHe General.
- OMAHA; Neb.. March 30.— At the Omaha
Clnl> to-night Dr. George L. Miller, the
veteran journaltst of this city, tendered a
formal dinner in honor, of General Fltz :
hugh . Lee. i Covers were I laid for forty.
The club dining haU was profusely deco
rated with cut flowers and potted plants.
Among the out of town guests were Gov
ernor Leslie Shaw of Iowa, former Secre
tary of Agriculture J. Sterling Morton and
former Congressman George W. Perkins
of Sioux City. Dr. Miller, the host, acted
as tcastmaster and proposed the health of
Gtneral Lee. ¦
"We are gathered here U> do honor to
one of the most illustrious names in the
national annals, to one of the most
famous soldiers of our time; to one of the
ex-Governors .of Virginia, -the mother of
States and statesmen who are among the
chief architects of our free system of
government." ' _
The guests drank to the health of Gen
eral Lee, standing. General Lee's re
marks were brief but eloquent. Upon his
departure for the Southwest, he said, he
f eft • a kindly feeling for Omaha, - whose
cit'rens had proven themselves most hos.
pltable during his official residence here.
He -gracefully acknowledged the many
tokens of esteem. "iae general spoke of
the redeeming . characteristics of the
American soldier and was applauded heart
ily after a eulogium pronounced upon Gen
eral I Funstim . for his late exploit in cap
turing- Agrulnaldo. which he said was but
another striking illustration of the dar
ing bravery of the volunteers. in the Phil
ippines. The general concluded by refer
ences to. the- .strides 'America- is making
toward commercial supremacy and the
wonderful progress made in the devglflp
ment of the resources of the South.\ His
remarks were heartily applauded.
Governor Shaw responded to the toast,
"American Patriotism and American
Valor." " The Hon. James M. Woolworth,
former president of the American Bar
Association, responded to the toast. "The
American Lawyer." Former Secretary J.
Sterling: Morton responded to the toast,
"American Motherhood and the American
Hrme; the Surest Guarantees to Free In
stitutions in Our Country."
Governor Charles M. Dietrich of . Ne
braska was expected to reply, to the toast
"Nebraska." but owing to the great pres
sure of official duties incident to the clos
ing of the legislative session the Governor
sent his regrets in which he paid high
tribute to his adopted State and to tho
guest of honor, concluding with these
1 fines : ?J[H*> J HI/AM flittt\\\f* m i*>m¥Pi
"The name of your distinguished guest
is so essentially part of the history of
this nation that I am impelled by a sense
of gratitude to revert to it. Themame of
Lee is associated : with every Important
eroch in our history. It is among those
that appear wi that immortal document,
tho, declaration. of independence. It is in
the catalogue of American statesmen and
patriots and in our International compli
cations It Is ever found on the muster
rolL"
FITZHUGH LEE
RECEIVES HONOR
15
The cure for • these troubles Is Dr. . Kil-
mer's . Swamp-Root, the world-famous
kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
sponsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, and if permitted
to continue fatal results are sure to fol-
low. Kidney trouble Irritates the nerves,
makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and
Irritable. Makes you pass water often
during the day and obliges you to get up
many times during the night. Causes
puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheu-
matism, gravel, catarrh of the bladder,
pain or dull ache In the back. Joints and
muscles, makes your head ache and back
ache, causes Indigestion, stomach and
liver trouble; you get a sallow, yellow
complexion; makes you feel aa though you
had heart trouble; you may have plenty
of ambition, but no strength; get weak
and waste away. ' . L'T
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin
taking the famous new discovery, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as
your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince any one. _ /;.:
Therefore when your kidneys are weak
or out of order you can understand how
quickly your entire body Is affected and
how every organ seems to fail to do Its
duty. , . r.^b r ?
you afford natural help to nature, for
Swamp-Root is the most perfect healer
and gentle aid to the kidneys that la
known to medical science. : ¦•¦':"
If your water, when allowed to remain
undisturbed In a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours, forms a sediment or set-
tling or has a cloudy appearance. It Is evi-
dence that your kidneys and bladder need
Immediate attention.
. The famous new discovery, Swamp-
Root, has been tested in so many ways.
In hospital work. In private practice,
among the helpless too poor to purchase
relief, and has proved so successful In
every case that a special arrangement has
been made by which 'all readers of The-
Call who have not already tried It may
have a sample bottle sent absolutely free
by mall; also a book telling more about
Swamp-Root and containing some of tho
thousands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women who
owe their good health. In fact their very
lives, to the wonderful curative properties
of Swamp-Root. Be sure and mention
the San Francisco Sunday Call when send-
ing your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Blnghamton, N. Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase tho regular 60c and Jl bottles at
th* druip stores everywhere.
- ¦"¦¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. •/
WOfOCD'DPftld
:¦ .-. -¦* ¦ . , ¦ . .. ....-_¦
The disfiguration caused by skin disease,
even more than the tormenting,; irrita-
tion \vhich ' is. so .commonly associated
¦with it. The use of Dr. Pierce's Golden
mi m—^m^^BSMsmma^i Medical Discovery
EH§fc2~^Jw|i^S£§ pimples, eruptions
Hat^"' ISiiP'ilii and other forms
w^^^J^J^P^MM °* disease which
pan-?'j^"\\: r/^£5 | iave their •• cause
fifct/^^j in an 1 impure con-
fe-v*v _J dition of the blood.
l^ll\V^^^" Golden Medical
E^K \jyil D iscover y" abso-
fjpipfflg^X^v lutely purjres the
B^Ka^*^^ blood of numors
B$&&rf~^'xT& j£§ an d poisons, and
w^Mll I i\ * \\ «^la so cures cuta-
iHr rill* .u^litfl neo . U3 diseases
Wj III" r I' \ '-^a w^ c^ bad blood
§3 J II ?~j] \ f?il breeds and feeds. .
Bs-aKj^ ' I ' iJ^m ' There is no alco-
Eaf /' : * km ho1 in the " Golden
Kf /, *| Nftjaj Medical Discov-
m9 ' I l ikH er y" an(^ * s cn "
H "VJ 1^ tirely free from
¦f \i ¦ laa opium, cocaine,
L w * "I was troubled
: with eczema from the i
crown of tny head to the solea of my feet,"
writes Mrs. Ella Quick, of Cass City, - Tuscola
Co., Mich. " Could /»ot walk at times, nor wei:
tny shoes. Thought there was no help for me —
at least the doctor said there was none. ¦ I went .
to see friends ' at Christmas time and there
heard of the good that Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery had done for - them, and ' was
advised to try it at once. : For fear that I might
- neglect it my friends sent to the village and
got a bottle and made me promise that I would '
take it. I had been getting worse all the time.
I took thirteen bottles of the ' Golden Medical
Discovery ' and ten vials of Dr. Pierce"* Pleasant ,
Pellets, and used the ' All Healing Salve,' which
made a complete cure. It was slow, but sure. I
was taking the medicine about eight months.
"I would say to all -who read this : Try Dr.'
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery before wast-
ing tir'e and money,"
" Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets assist the
action of the n Discovery."
MoetSt
Condon
(Largest and Oidest" Chajnpagna
House in the World.)
WHI^E SEAL (Grande 2s
ur surpassed in quality, dry ness and
flavor.— NEW YORK 1 IMESl
US. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE AND DON'T. KNOW IT
ifiPSSiijpP ;
SWAMP^ROOT, THE GREAT KIDNEY REMEDY.
Its Marvelous Success in All Kidney, Blad-
der and Uric Acid Troubles.
To Prove What Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU, Every
Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle
Sent Free by. Mail.
What your kidneys need is a gentle, healing, tonic Influence,
that will soothe their irritability' and gently regulate them.
The only thing that will do this is Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
the Great Kidney Remedy. . '
It used to be considered that only urinary and bladder troubles
were to be traced to the kidneys, but now modern science proves
that nearly all diseases have their beginning In the disorder of
these most important organs.
The Kidneys filter and purify the blood.
¦I ADVTEJlTISEM-ff-^TS.
tfjiP^ SOME Jlll%
IPl EA & T EFZ STYLES |||M
1& Ladies 7^ Wen's
F"renrh Kid T^ace. Cloth Fine Patent Leather Lace,'
or K:i Trp, latest f^tyle Kid Top. Gi"nuin<> \V< Itcd, jf^V^.
j^K Coin Toe and Patent Sewed Sales, Xew London . jdS?.r£;>Hv
c e f the T SI?' "Md-turned Toe $3.50
Soles. LA.V French U*>els.. y£§sS.V£aK
<^£gTSr'"^yg^ :*:i.5O Sam- Style In French
\a$C tw . Fine Vlci Kid Lace, Gen- \2o|»
KS*/4I Patent Leather. Cloth uine Welted Sewed Soles. ftfefHFii
JPSryS Top. La.ce. Latest Style. Stitched Edges. Narrow, J5SHhl :^«
Ay^jCs \ Coin Toe. LXV French Medium and Wide Coin /^S&Z'-^t-J
'EvaSf&XO Heels Toes *:i.5O (^l^^f
ISP>flM * n <> Velour *CaJf Lace. !!§£$ a
l3vHft4 Same Styles as Above Welted. Sewed Soles. £?£'£.<
HtaSj^-a -with Low Heels. Also a Stitched Edges, All Style ¦ f&fW'W
I h>2if Full Line of Low Shoe*. Toes '. S3.5U -Sv***
\W$?M "With Both LXV French • . ft&Pey
Ep5Sy Heels tad Low He«l». a Great Variety of Low +&$&
y*r For "tyle and 5eirice *'Wa!k On" Shaes
Are Equ&1 \t> Those Bold Elsewhere for J5 or li. If not
j£r\ *-• Represented Return Them and Get Your Money
ML SPECIAL KR E4 T-il WtFK. £W>m
,S&Z3C±M*l^ Monday We W1U Plare oa Sale 200 Talrs Ladlts* Fine '
wTskolScTL P«ent Lecth^r Lace Shoes. Fine Birdsf-ye Cloth Top. l&7»VriVS
*» BtX&g¥&9 Late« 6tyle Coin Toe. Plain. A Full l>ress .Shoe. To Be XjM.&fcjjfl
fca^J^ff Cloeed Out Th:s Week at #2.5O t-S^j F 4|
\ U*$OTtf REMEMBER THE PLACE, IS^W
'•^M NOLAN Bj^OS.. W
"^ Y& PHELA>* BUILDING, F&T
8^2 814 tfARKiT SHEET. Ji£9
'•tfSpjKjil STORE CLOSES AT « P. 3L SATURDAYS AT 11 P. M. Mfcr^t'M
B. K^tSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco.
k -4 01 QK
BUODINGc SPRING !
AN EASTER
NOVELTY!
At Easter the ladies like to ap-
pear in their new gowns, and
nothing adds more to their ap-
pearance than nobby, snappy
footwear. Here is our Easter
special: Ladies' Dark Tan
. Oxford Ties, with silk vesting
tops, kid front stays and band
coin toes and tips, turned sole3
and French heels, reduced to
'$1.85 a pair — all widths and
sizes.
EASTER EGOS GIVEN FREE ,
TO THE CHILDEEN
" . with every purchase of shoes.
New 8o- Page Catalogue just Is-
sued. Send for one.'*
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Most effective, agreeable and reliable
Tonic Stimulant for Body. Brain and
Nerves. Try it when fatigued or over-
worked from any cause.
Vin Mariani— Mariani Tonic — main*
tains its reputation.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Year
If fei 0VER HALF OF THE SUICIDES IN THIS COUNTRY OAN BE lif HI
10 ill TRACED TO A DISORDERED LIYER. IN FACT, THERE IS HI
|R §|| NO OTHER DISEASE THAT HAS SUCH A DEPRESSING EFFECT GS If
|U 111 ON THE PATIENT AS DISEASE OF THE LIVER. THOUSANDS |p| W
B Hi 0F PE0PLE ARE TO-DAY DOCTORING FOR SOME IMAGINARY 5p| if
I pa AILMENT, WHO, IF THEIR LIVER WERE WORKING IN A WM f
H Pa HEALTHY MANNER, WOULD BE IN PERFECT HEALTH. THE MM «
Fulfill LIVER ACTS AS A PURIFIER OF THE BLOOD, AND ABOVE Jl|§f S
1 1 f& ALL 0THER MEMBERS OF THE BODY, SHOULD BE ATTENDED III? 1 1
Hf i$zl e a nSLT&n^ ec^ i core for all diseases of the liver. It acts immediately
m v$&i an(^ l eaves nonQ of the bad effects that result from calomel and other HPfl IS
lit 1^*1 poisonons drugs. And all other troubles arieing from disordered, weak liiil ffl
iP \$*i digestion or inactive Kidneys or Liver. It makes pure blood, a good filff I §
l\ via A AlILD LAXATIVE > WORKS RAPIDLY AND SIS
WITHOUT A GRIPE OR PAIN. MB//
gK&Wsk Ono thing Is certain— LIKCQLMTEAtnovesHnBowelt  mSl/dSk
IfM \\ ilP'JaL A 100-Page Book of Stbries and Anecdotes of Abraham VakgL. «Hw M rimDelegates to Congress of American
States and Louisiana Purchase Ex
position Commissioners Named.
PHESTDENT MATf~S
MORE APTOETI-CENTS
MASSILLON. Ohio, March 30.— The eo-1
hoisting engineers of the Masslllon dis
trict will strike at 6 o'clock Monday morn-
Ing because the operators refused them* an
eight-hour work day and a wage scale of
Jl 90 to $2 15. . Enforced Idleness of 4000
coal miners will result.
Coal Engineers Will Strike.
BUFFALO. March 80.— T_e — sssel
owners of this city claim that tmleea the
striking marine engineers return to work
at the opening of navigation they c_n
bring action In the courts that will r«-
B_t In revoking the licenses held by th»
engineers. They base their contention on
a precedent "which they say was estab
lished in 1897 during a strike, of Mississippi
pilots, when the. Solicitor General of the
United States decided that their refusal
to pilot boats was a conspiracy In re
straint of commerce and revoked, their
licenses. . r _*j
While the vessel owners do not say defi
nitely that such action will be taken herf?
they intimate that Important develop
ments may b« expected soon that will
force a settlement of the strike*.
OW-N—RS O_" VESSELS
THEEA.TEI ST '»'H^ STE.iKK.it3
Dr. J. C. I Stlnson ; has ,; removed } to 533
Butter st, cor. Mason. Hours 11 to 12 a.'m.V
2 to 4 and 7 to 8 p. m.; phone Main 1155. •
WASHINGTON; March 30.— Daniel Wil
lard has been appointed general manager
of the Doltlmore and Ohio Railroad, the
vacancy being cnused by the resignation
of Frederick B. Underwood. Mr. Wlllard
has been assistant general manager. : - -
Oakland Woman Copyrights Play.
WASHINGTON. March 30.— A new play
entitled "A House of Cards," written by
Margaret C. Smith of Oakland, has been
copyrighted.
Railroad Man Promoted.
An early morning: flra on Lyon street,
near the Presidio, that, nearly resulted In
loss of life Is being Investigated by de
tectives. It being suspected that soldiers
applied a torch 'to - settle up old scores.
The blaze started in the rear of abulldlng
Immediately adjoining tho saloon owned
by H. Rehfeld, whose place has been al
ternately, burned and wrecked by soldiers.
Shortly after. 3 o'clock yesterday ; morn
ing Officers. Hartley and McDonough no
ticed flames In the rear of the restaurant
at 2S36 Lyon street ' They at once turned
in an alarm and started to arouse the oc
cupants of • the second ; story.'.-. The* fire
pained rapid headway, and it was , with
difficulty that those In : the building es
cabed.
Six people were asleep in the' rooms over
the restaurant when the officers reached
the scene, and they were unable to save
even their clothes. A woman .. and two
children were carried out by the police
men. C Jf^^TOTWUIriMtlKfetfSnhiT^f^l
While the t>la*e' -was In progress a bur
glary was committed in Rehfeld'B barber
shop, a lew doors distant, and everything
of value taken.*
Six Persons Have Narrow
Escapes From Burning
Building.
MAY BE WORK
OF INCENDIARY
ists called are allowed to sign a bulletin.
No bulletin sanctioned by the doctors has
been issued. The Premier's condition sud
denly became so grave a week agu that
Sir Douglas Powell, Dr. Walker and other
physicians were hastily summoned. In
order to avert a crisis a special prescrip
tion was made up, the application of
which checked the approaching - compli
cations, but the Premier's condition for
the last day or two has disappointed all
the medical men.. One of the earliest
callers on Saturday was a special mes
seniser frcm the Kln_.
"The family last evening expressed a
hope that Lord Salisbury might make the
journey .to the Riviera, but the physicians
are lajth to express any opinion except in
so far as forbidding any definite.arrange
ments to be made for the present."
ALBUQUERQUE, March 30.— Reports
have reached this city of a horrible explo-
Elon Friday night In the Weaver mine a:
Gallup, operated by the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company. Three men are known to
have been killed outrlsrht, while ¦ many
others, who were cut olf in" the mine, are
believed to have. died from suffocation.
Japanese laborers have been employed
in these mines since the strike, but those
killed consist of two whit* men and a ne-
Rro. Their bodies were nicked up 120 feet
from the scene of the explosion. A num
ber of the Japanese are also thought to
have been killed or injured.
It Is supposed slant powder was the
cause of the explosion.
Three Men Killed in New
Mexico and Others Prob
ably Suffocated.
Daily Express of Saturday that Lord Sal- j
isbury 1? suffering from a kidney afflic
tion, which is likely to incapacitate him
for some time, and says It learns that the
Premier's Illness has taken so unfavorable
a turn that his proposed visit ' to the I
Riviera, has become almost hopeless, and
that the announcement of his resignation
of the Premiership and j his retirement
from political life may be anticipated be
fore the end of April. The Dispatch says:
"The doctors have- pronounced Lord
Salisbury to be suffering from Bright's
disease in so ag-gravated a form that a
Brave view I? being taken of the case.
_ord Salisbury is so anxious to prevent
the nature of his illness from being made
public that none of the eminent special-
MINERS PERISH
IN EXPLOSION
LONDON. March 20.— The Weekly Dis
patch repeats the story published In the
SALISBURY'S ILLNESS MAY CAUSE
HIS RETIREMENT FROM PUBLIC LIFE
ing: '
"I waa taking a team up to the black
smith shop about 4 o'clock. Am I was
passing a dump of bushes on the ceme
tery road between the narrow gauge
depot and Mt. Eden a man Jumped out in
to the road and grabbed the bridle of the
horse I was riding and told me to get off
and go along with him. I tried to get
away, but he grabbed me and began
smashing me In the face with his fist, at
the same time choking me so I could
make no noise. Then he wrapped his coat
about my head. Then I heard some one
shouting: and th^» man ran. Pretty soon
Mr. Gall, the postman, came up and he
and another man took me home in his
wapon."
The lad's parents were terribly shocked
at the attempt to steal their child. In
answer to their appeals a band of search
ers was speedily organized to hunt the
brutal assailant down. A thorough search
of the surrounding country revealed 'no
trace of the fugitive. Meanwhile I tele
phone messages were sent to the officers
in the surrounding towns. Marshal Ram
age telephoned that he thought he had
the man at Haywards. A crowd of the
pursuers at once went oiver to Haywards
and found the object of their search In
custody. He had been arrested while
waiting for a train at the freight station.
It was proposed to string him up at
once, but the officers' counsels of modera
tion finally prevailed and the fellow was
taken to Jail.
Young Kennedy Is suffering from severe
bruises in the face and his neck bears
marks of the ruffian's fingers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 30.
A desperate tramp attempted to emulate
the example of Pat Crowe by kidnaping
the 12-year-old son of John Kennedy at
Mt. Eden yesterday, and narrowly escaped
lynching at the hands of a posse of angry
men .who ran him to earth. -
When - the would-be abductor was
caught, Marshal Ramage of Haywards;
where the capture was made, persuaded
the mob to let the law take its course,
and the prisoner, who had brutally beaten
his captive before alarmed by a chance
passer-by, was lodged in Jail.
The miscreant whose boldly attempted
crime was happily foiled had been seen
lurking about the saloons at Mt Eden for
several days. He was Identified readily
by several persons who noted his suspi
cious actions. Toung Kennedy tells the
following story of the attempted kidnap-
Ruffianly Assailant Driven Off and a
Posse Captures the Miscreant,
"Wlio Barely Escapes
Lynching.
BRUTAL ATTEMPT
AT KIDNAPING
Narrow Escape of Twelve-
Tear-Old Son of Mount
Eden Rancher.
RAIN, HAIL,SNOW
AND LIGHTNING
of Weather.
San Diego County Gets a
Dash* of All Varieties
Cloudburst Is Thrown In for Good
Heasuxe and the Prognosticator
Says the Disturbance Is
Hot Yet Ended. :
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
SAN DIEGO. March 20.— Once more the
San Diego section of the State has been
favored beyond all others, and this time
by a double visitation of rain. That of
this forenoon was- a genuine thunder
shower, with hall accompaniment. In the
city, and bay regions and snow throughout
the mountains. The fall amounted to but
little at the northern end of the county.
Here it was .3S of an Inch and the gams
amount is reported throughout the bay
region and as far bade as the El Cajoa
and Santa Maria valleys. Grain was not
suffering, but the rain will be welcome.
A second shower fell at 7:30 this •vea
lng, swelling' the total of the season to
almost V& Inches. Snow fell at Campo, at
Alpine and Cuyamaca, and a similar re
port undoubtedly would have come from
Btonewail if ono could have been ob
tained. .Where the snow fell the report
was from 6 to 8 Inches, and the Indications
were for more snow In the mountains
and more rain in the valleys.
Back of Old Town there wbj quite a
cloudburst on the mesa to the north of
Mission Valley, but no damage was done,
and the cloud which carried 'the water
seemed to lift after striking the earth a
time or two. At sea opposite La Jolla
and Delmar there was a plainly denned
waterspout, which passed up the coast
about fifteen miles off shore, and when
last seen was traveling toward Ban
Clemente Island. There were no vessels
known to be in It8 track, but it seemed
large enough to have twisted a vessel at
will had it struck one.
The house of George W. Scott at Lake
view, In the upper part of El Cajon Val
ley, was struck by lightning during* the
thunder-storm of this forenoon, and.
though the building was not burned. It
waa almost entirely wrecked by the bolt.
The kitchen stove seemed the center of
the lightning's work, for it was 'literally
broken to bits, and the roof was lifted
andtorn away from the building. Though
the entire family was In the bouse at the
time, only Mrs. Scott was affected by the
streke, and she recovered almost imme
diately.
LOOMIS IS TTPHELD
\ BY STATE DEPARTMENT
It Is Believed the Venezuelan Gov
ernment Asked for the Min
ister's Recall.
NEWYORK. March 30.— A special to
the Journal from Washington says: The
State Department, it can be said on in
formation so far received, haa approved
the attitude of Minister Loomls In the
asphalt controversy. His oourse, how
ever, has not been approved by the Vene
zuelan Government, which, it is believed,
has asked that Minister Loomls be re
called.
Venezuela acts entirely within her rights
when she asks for a recall. The*request
is conclusive, according: to the usage of
foreign offices generally. The fact of a
suggested recall, however, is nearly al
ways the forerunner of future trouble be
tween the Governments Interested; In
fact,* It Is stated by an official familiar
with the facts that if Venezuela insisted
on the departure of Minister Loomis it
will be a long time before Venezuela will
be honored. with another American Min
ister.
THE SAN rKANClSCO CALL, SUyPAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
Turf Hen Seat to Prison.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. March S3.— Richard
Nugent, a well known inrfm.^ was to
night given twenty-one years In the peni
tentiary for kUling* W. B. Uabocey, a
saloon keeper here, on January ZL
¦ Thomu Christian, an ex-bank clerk and
race horse trainer, was sentenced to life
imprisonment for killing Frank Perkins,
another race horse trainer.
Standerton says the Imperial Light Horse
has captured Commandant Prtazloo aad
a convoy of twenty-eight wagons. Com
mandant Sngiebrecht. the dispatch says.
has surrendered. Th» British are sweep
ing the Eastern Transvaal clear of •very
thing, useful to the Boers. AH standing
crops have been destroyed, hat the women
and children are being cared for. Five
hundred of them have been conveyed to
Utrecht, where their wants are w«Q at
tended.
PRETORIA. March SO.— The Boers de
railed and plundered a freight train near
Johannesburg last night.
LONDON. March 2L— A sp*eial from
COMMANDANT FBXNZLOO
WASHINGTON. March 30.— It is not
definitely known just when Major General
Young, who arrived in San Francisco yes
terday from the Philippines, will succeed
General Shaf ter as commander of the De
partment of California. General Young:
may come to Washington before he as
sumes command of the department. Ow
ing to the return of .volunteers from the
Philippines and tho sending of other
troops to replace them the command of
the Department of California becomes
one of the most important in the United
States. . •
GENERAL YOUNG'S COMMAND.
To be members of the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition Commission: John M.
Thurston of Nebraska, Thomas H. Carter
of Montana, William Lindsay of Ken
tucky, G. W. McBride of Oreson. F. A.
Betts of Connecticut, John M. .Allen of
Mississippi, Martin H. Glynn of New
York, John F. Miller of Indiana and Phil
lip D. Scott of Arkansas.
To be delegates to the Congress of
American States: Cyrus Northrop of Min
nesota, . H. G. Da-vies of "West Virginia,
William I. Buchanan of Iowa, Charles M.
Pepper. of the District of Columbia and
VolneyrW." Foster of Illinois.
WASHINGTON, March 8O.-Late this
afternoon the President made the follow
ing: appointments:
16
When a girl once makes up her mind to
get married, erven the sight of a whole
procession of twin baby carriages
wouldn't move her.
ADV__lTIS_____rTS. ¦ .
I A TREMENDOUS PETTICOAT SALE. !
i $12,000 Worth of Fine Petticoats Bousrht at Half Price. 3
Our K"«-r York buyer purchased at the Receiver's sale of the well-known firm of L. Dryfooa & Co.,
Jfc= 104-108 Wooster street, New York, best-known manufacturers of well-made underskirts, Twelve Thousand 12
Dollars' worth of Petticoats at half-price. They consist of fine Silk, Silk Moreen and Mercerized Italian Cloth, —•
This great purchase represents a large assortment, in latest colorings and black, of this season's best styles.
"We state with much assurance that such an opportunity as this may not occur again^ as they will be sold _S
at abont +>*if their value. Sale starts, with, extra facilities, Monday, at 8 b. m. sharp. 13
% S2.00 MERCERIZED SATEEN SKIRTS AT 51.12. $6.00 SILK MOREEN SKIRTS AT $3.68. 2
!__ Mereeriwd S»t»«n Petticoats, cot extra wide, with two ex- • Grandest styles in finest Bilk Moreen" Petticoats, various
fc— tr» raffle*. In all the new colorlars. as Royal. Cerlfe. Cardl- styles to select trom. In all- the new spring -colorings, as OM _S
_"" nal. G— «n. Purple and Black. Kerular t_0fr skirts. (1.12 Ji 08 *- I— vender. Gray. Castor, New Blue, Turquoise, Pink. -— •
5^ 6ale prtos Each O ¦ G S?* n and Black and two-toned colorings. Regular $3 CTQ.68 -_¦
•— - eklrts. Eale price ... 3>O
£ $3.75 MERCERIZED ITALIAN CLOTH SKIRTS AT $2.48- $12.09 SILK SKIRTS AT S6.9?. =5
Ertra <joa!lfr Mert?ertr-^ Italian Cloth Petticoat*, with wlfle di~?^!T, U< i," t3r n *' l "7 "" U , ln « Taffeta Silk Petticoats accor-
ZZ aecor<«i~! f.'.aite« f!<-nnee edred with ruche, extra width, in lat- ° l J% Pelted flounce edged with ruche; in new spring colorings. -«•
»rt eolerlT-jri.. a* Navy. Cerlw. Red. Purple, Green and Black. f*?« s ~"j R , 08e /^"^ Light Blue, Red, Navy. Tan, Gray, __>
•_[ Rerolar $3.75 «klr_. Eal. price S2__ ?.!??.."?.. R*fU-r V* «Wrta. Sal© price.... <£(£•»_
g ¦'"¦¦ u.ncnr ""-nRVra^nm'iTtTqH ~ ~~~ * $i5.da T *siLk skTrts "at $10.50."
m- 54-!»U ClLK MUntUI CMnlO Al i_.3O. Elejant rtyles In flnett quality Taffeta and Pean de Soi»
?= B«t tntXtr B!Hc Monjen Petticoat., tailor itltclied. wreral BiijtJd^flou^' .7,1 e^i« fU^w. W «f h ,?,^r & il n t te 5 * e f°^ Xt ?-ZZ
ZZ tn**. IMM& wld« accorflon plaltM fitmnM, In all th» new Ji Reie^a^Jr^enTwateraelon Pink LtrM^Hln, C^ v!w =5
& SPECIAL SALE OF BLACK SILK 63EHADIHES. FASHIONABLE COLORED & BLACK DRESS GOODS %
$1.50 Slid $1,75 Ya'OSS at Sf. 13 Y2rd. Bverythln* in r-ell rich dresses portends to the nnirersal _2
fc- *»* of soft, thin, clinglnj flress food*. We are headquarters for :3
g** B*r?r__ir te-_orrow we place on sale a ppedal pnrrtaae the correct fabrics. . ~2
— ef Bt r'.x"** fine plain »«« sewlnir strk. Iron frame Grenadines . ODP/^I A J _ p/\n -— u.o mrpi/ "— ' ?
an« the fine — rent* sllk-strlr- OrenaiJlnes. In elerant styles. OrtUIAUO FOR THIS WEEK.' ~_J
•^ aT ln U .l B< **" ""^'vi Tfc< ~Jf r *.^ 1 * n ? -* d n - M qt ~ utT '^- t^ A " Wo<)1 C™** de Pirl1 ' an *'««-nt soft, clinslnr material; =3
•_ sen _e_ qclc-Iy we o2er them at ....„ CI 18 in the season's newest colorlnrs, as R*sedv New Blue, Old ""•
TT Ttrf vm Ho«e. Castor, Wa.termelon PlnJc. Gray, Nile, Heliotrope <_f.00 _S
»= «.¦»-•¦# n.. m,~* " nd Black 5 ** Inches wide. Price Yard *> 1 •-•
ZZ |\jtW SILKS. p " k » n<1 Wool _an»do— r.e: this HTllsh fabric la especially — S
— — adapted for waists and comes In shades of Reseda. Light Blue, "~*
f£ A mae-ificent collection to choose from in New fSf'SS^SH^g!^ at ""Yard $1— 2
ZT "P**& d* So^«. New Printed Warp Louislne, New *i pn pi iov en lupu putvinT 7G* V*Dn =35
fc Crepe de Chines, K~- Peau de Belne, ITew Poplins. *I.UU bLALR 50-INGH CHtYIQT 7BC Y«RO. =S
£ Hew Foulards and K>w Wash Silks at the lowest -o^l^^po^^*^.. 1 VAfTon^ft" =S
_- pnc«. • ; .Ity. Special at ..Yard I OC
£ 7^C BLACK SILK TAFFETA *4c YARD. $1.50 BLACK VENETIAN Q8c YARD. ? .3
For M-widay only. w« offer » pieces rennJne Black Swl~ 10 ple<?es 52-lnch Black Satin Venetian, an elegant, soft, all- ~_
_T" TafTeta Bilk, with a hlrfcly lustra us finish, rich black, eleiranr ' cloth; a rich, lustrous black, elegant for tailor-made —5
S= raloe at TJc a yard. On sale at .¦ ELAr> fults Rnd skirts. Regular 11.30 quality. Special at QQ r - «¦
»- Yard Otl Yard tlOt _3
| THE GREAT SALE OF HOUSEFURNISHINGS. |
_a*t week's tr.n(WBeeni»iit bponrtt hunflredn of ewrt—nerB t<» this <!»pertTnent. rerpondlnr to oor imraenpe offerlnss of Sheets
pfflow Caae«. Comforters, Bed Spreadi. Table _lnen and Napkins. VTe shall continue this irreat sale for this week. ¦ ¦ ~
_~ O1 T — TARD-? rase* 81-lnch Pequot CI fl? DOZKN— SM dr«*en 23-1neh nqna-* IMMENSE ?AVINC^ IN *^
JT _; 1 ~C Bl»rh»4 Bh~tlnr. the b*rt-w»ar- OI AJ1 Linen THraask Napkin*. In m . m ' .' «vi~^J> IW
_"• tag quality. Sal* price Yard 21He choice patterns: regular valu*. tt. P«l« RFAnY-MAnF 9HFFK A M fi
fc CIO' EACH-! cases larre size Mar- P^re Dozen *t.«2 I\LHU 1 ~HU_ Ofi-CId MHU -_•
_*" *!>¦ seines Bed Pp-»a«s. In very QO 33 nOZEK- VA dozen 2«-1nch All nil I nil/ piprp --•
•— ch<>lce declrns; rernlar $2 60 Quality. Psi* «^— . _lnen Xapktns. extra rood qual- lILLUSf Uf-'CCii _2
price :.., 81.05 Ity: grand value at $3. Sale nriee v.*. «# .?„„,< t, t „ ~ 5
£ CI 18 -ACH-fil^Hne-^re-a Crmfort- -: *&& **** ° f '^'ll^ 1 " 7 mU8l!n - 3
_T" «jl •— filled with pure whit* cot- 1 A <~ EACH— 150 dozen Hemmed L.lnen —HttTS. -— »
tnn. very SufTy. larr • size. In the choicest ¦ ~* V^ Hnck Towels. slz» 19x38: excellent Hemmed. Size. . Hemstitched —^
•"" devtros: extra value at 1160. Sale value at $2 2S a dozen. Sale price 3f»c 64x90 ~5
p^~» fl.lS r>eh 14c 42c .63x90 S2c — •
_T" CI 35 EACH — I <-••« extra qaallty Cf- fl * KACH-S50 All Unen Bleached 52 C "' f 72x9< > ...KOc =_5
Ol Honeycomb Ppreads. Mar9*tl1»<i O • Table Cloth?. In ne»t re— de- Pi**; 8I5M «?5e -^
•- — ittercs hemmed ready for use; worth sims, size 2x2H yards; worth JS. Sa!» .r..nic 90x90 6Oc 1^
JITS. Sale price..... 51.35 price »1.05 PILLOW *^ASES— SPECIALS _S
y* . . j l^o each, 1M dozen, size ......«iSH -— ¦
2= EA^TPR NOVELTIES IN HCpjf W C*a CnR FACTFR SKaS-B^^SSliS
1 apc nniiAD? Q"\ cnnQ Awn l^tll^^^:An run ( ______ -—
LAbt bULLAK\ bjUHU5ANU _,, tt , daInty new thln _, ¦ ln choIee -. _ ¦ =5
S£= • nri/rnP N*ckwesr, OoM and Silver oombinslfons MNt LAu^" KllHrN __!
n-V'-HOt in Taffeta. Chiffon ana Liberty Pllk«. Grass „ __'-. * IIUUWl =5
•*— , „ _ — ... Lln»n and Wash effects: superb line. '*'*'* — rrlvals ln fine Lace- Robe*, tn ICet. — -m
S~ A I— and assortment In Arabian Point de -u^n, j n pr i ce from *1O topr/k-. Taffeta. Applique. G— nadlne and Chenille :^
__ Ver.Jce. Grass Linen. Gold and Silver com- " " OUC effects, trimmed with luby and ruffles- ?__
b'rstloas, rar.nar ln price from CO-OO """"" " wa)«t and sleeves all complete- the
$20 to V-" ' rrn ndest lines shown In this dtv. at ""•
E soe^h! for MVST Specla1 for mi^ c ?...™* D *...^ m .. I^ S30_^ a
~Z CUC I I 1-JI rr.-ii bj> 10 6otfTi Black Liberty Silk Ruffs, lonr .. . ______ _2
_¦"" 16 doren Venire Lace Collars , tn very ends: well worth |2. Speclai for <_1.SO sir-ii» ««— -«.• -.__. „ --«
St: nice oren dwlms: fire quality; -fK- Monday 5>I Hy\M nflTTfiM F/lRQ PQ -2
S^ worth 11 ». Special for Monday.. (Ut J __ % Jltfl .UUllUll rflDnlbO. =3
ST~ • ... A krand ratherlnr . of this season's beat • -__
NEW SILK AND COTTON WAISTS NEW SILK DRFSS SKIRTS. fe«^^^tS 2,
ZZ- Hull O«L\ HI1U UUI IU t IT»*|Oli Chambrays. Dimltia* Percales and Scotch * __?*
™?p^£^^£*£?Z S^bu-nd^'dffferenf SSfe £% Sl'M tot Unit). ' _
SZ _Sf_«l5-_S^r_S_ fh^new g« «J i ««_l«le...* W uo much lower ggj; YAnX) _J p ,^, -,„ BMn ,.^
•r: colorlnrs. a» wea as th<» handiomest line uian e» e ~ nepe - . - OOV stripe - French' Challles, ln rnnall'- — S
z: of Grass Linen and White Cotton Waists ...... ' " "rures and plain colorings of Old Rose, """•
— — ever displayed -In this city. grjpp al fflr MflnrJ^f . Kejeda Gray. Red. Cream. White. L1 K ht _2
_T OIICI.ICI IWI UHU5J. tLni Mea!um BIue B i Bck . Sp ecla i
£_: 1 ! far Mflid*? ' Cl"7 r*O ""ORTH i25-W fine Bilk at ....Yard 35c ;_*
a—- v(l I i Ul WIUIU f. Oil •*»V/» Dress Skirts Just from New QR r YARD-200 pieces Rilk-flnleh Mer-
SIX" QCC f\f\ EACH— 2^0 flue SUk Waists. Tork. made of ruaranteed silk from a _-«_FV^ cerlzed Cotton Chambrays that — ¦
«»- O*-5»W hemstitched all over. In all special -model, with the French flarlnr bot- retain their hlrhly flnlihed silk lusterafter
*"- the new Sprlnr colorlnrs. lnclufilnr Black: torn; some fancy trimmed and tucked, belnr laundered; in Light Blue Pink Red --»
•— e'.ies Zl to 44. The best waist for 95.00 They are extra value at MS. CI'T-SO Gray and Dark Blue; worth fee. Speclai *^5
*_. ln the city. but special here for Monday at O a I a j • * .Yard _5<!
g I 1 |
5^ ' F'KE COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. fj£Y/
EASTER GLOVES. _^S5^ "_jr~__- "#** FANCY RIBBON, -^
iuiuiniuiuiuauuiuiuiuiuauiuuiuiiuniu^
ADVEHTISEMENTa
THE HEALTH HABIT.
Just as Easy to Form as Any Other.
We do not deliberately f orin our pet
habits, but they are unconsciously ac-
quired and grow as we gTOw, and by the
time we learn they are hurting us we find
them too strong to be easily broken.
Then why not form a good habit, a habit
which will counteract the many bad ones?
In other words, contract the unfashion-
able habit of being always well. ¦
The best health habit to get Into is to
have and keep a vigorous stomach; if you
ihave a healthy digestion you can drink
your beloved .coffee, smoke your> favorite
brand of tobacco, with little or no harm:
the mischief begins when these things are
forced upon the faithful stomach without
any- assistance. . . -
Form the habit of taking after meals
some harmless but efficient' digestive
which •will relieve the stomach of so much
extra work. .... . .
Nature furnishes us with such digestives
and when they are, combined in such a
pleasant preparation as Stuart's Dvspep-
sia Tablets they give the overworked
stomach Just the necessary assistance to
secure perfect digestion without any of
the harmful effects of cathartics and sim-
ilar drugs. . .
The habit of taking Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after meals ia as necessary to the
weak stomach as food Itself, and Indeed
to get the benefit from food eaten nothing
better and certainly nothing safer can be
used. •
Many families consider Stuart's Tablets
as' essential In the house as knives and
forks. .
They consist entirely of natural digest-
ive principles without the effect or char-
acteristics of drugs; they have no cathar-
tic action, but simply go to work on the
food eaten and digest it,
Take into account your bad habits and
the expense they entail and then invest
fifty cents in a box of Stuart's Dyspepsia-
Tablets and see if your digestion for the
next month la not vastly Improved,
Ask the clerk in any drug store the
name of the most successful and popular
stomach remedy and he will say Stuart's.
A remedy has been found that makes hair
grow ¦ long and beautifully luxuriant. Ths
proprietors will mall to any one -who sends
name and addreea a free trial package of the
remedy bo a test can be made of its re-
markable influence in stimulating the hair
growth. As it is a pure vegetable product
yon need hare no hesitancy in using It freely
a* It cannot barm the most tender scalp.
Send your name and address to th« Alten-
helm Medical Dispensary, 3302 Batterfleld
Bunding, Cincinnati. Ohio, enclosing a 2-cent
stamp to cover postage, and they will for-
ward the free trial package at once. There
is no good reason why you or your children
should have poor hair. It Is necessary aa a
protection In both summer and winter and
without a good growth of hair a child or
adult is always liable to colds. Sickness of
the mother or child often stuns or paralyses
the hair roots and years are required for na-
ture to overcome the loss. Who can CouM
the merits of thla ¦ wonderful remedy when we
have thousands of 'testimonials from such un-
questionable people as the following:
Pays. Professor Turner, President of J"alr-
mount College, Sulphur, Ky. : "After betas
bald for thirty yean I began Es!r.« the rem-
edy In 1895. and In a few weeks thereafter
ray entire scalp waa covered j with a, thick,
downy growth of new hair. Tb« whol» of my
hair was goa* except a friare around tha
hat line. In six weeks the bald spot waa en-
tirely covered. I had be«n bald for thirty
years, and when hair can* »• made to itvm
on such a head aa mine no bald beaded per-
son need fear the results."
Miss Nora Buel. Three Oaks. Mich., writes
that her hair Is coming on beautifully and
that all dandruff baa been removed.
J. J. Auld. Cedar Falls. Iowa, writes: **Waa
the preparation Is mainly Intended for tho
cor* of dandruff. falJlnir hair and baldness la
older peoplet. It fa 4eatre4 - t» acquaint th»
mother with a preparation that will prcrtdo
her little tots with beaotlfylas trosaoa. D<>
not neglect to writ* to the Altenhelm Madleal
Dispensary, X303 Buttsrfield Building. Cncla-
natl.- Ohio, oncloalng a 2-cent stamp to cover
poatage; they win mail you prepaid & freo
trial paclcag* of their remaricabl* remedy.
?wry bald, tat no*r bar* tat crop of cr»
hair, which will soon bo ready t» alia. It
mimo cored duuSroff.**
Mrs. Deborah Battalia, Thorpo, "Vn**. *»ya
when ib* began the treatment >bo was «at2r»-
ly bald and h«r scalp shoe* Uko a clrror. «M
now ah» haa ih» tMekeat <"'» abo «r«r bad.
Racoiamenli tho treatment aa a aor» cam toe
baldoeaa.
Theresa 7«ta«n. Voseow, Ilaio. *ays: "Mr
head waa bald and glu— /. but siaoo nstay Ci«
Foso Trea,tm*nt ay hair la now tear iae&oa
la lecrtb and oulta curly."
D. B. Chernin, FaxmerrTtn*, Texas, says
tfca top of hU head waa entirety bald, bet tho
Ramodiaa havo gruna a, flao new crop ot natr
and erery ono In wwa la asrprtsed to ¦*• It.
Miss L«ey Piarhall, Watertown, Haas..
¦aya her hair wu thla and cray tat has
beoa raatored to tbo aatcraJ color, la now long
and thick, and glad to rocomaend tie X*oao
treatment to all.
Mrs. Ssuaa Buchanan South Hadley Tails,
Uut.: "Hair haa rroira oat nleoly: Is bow
four lnebeo loss and ft"** h tblokar than It ever
waa bofore.**
wi:h tola bow rmaady t2>« hair roots ar*
¦ttmclatod to a most rntlfylsg- &tgn«. Th«
young- hair shoot* forth and iiuwi wtth »ur-
prlBlns raptdlty. Mothers of little stria whoso
hair la short aad apparently almost Ilfelesa
will b* partlcclarly dellff&ted with taa won-
derful afTect of this marvelous remedy. TChllo
ADVZETISE__E2JTSw
Remarkable Remedy That Makes the Hair Long,
Soft, Silky and Glossy— Men, Women or
Children, Even Bald Heads, Can
Have a Fine Head of Hair.
Free Trial Package of This Wonderful Preparation Is Mailed
. Free to. All— Send Name and Address.
fP m \JiS^^^^^t^w^^irf^^ • rii«_S^_'5f*5^^2^ &^%2_LM_Mw«70_^Vt \
f/^^^^^ t^tS3^^S^^\^^^^'J^A^^S^^ l i^^ KUS I^P^% _i^_ J^_?^_t^^S^^^ l fHr_r6ir__ l l!ffTk-_/
/ j*}} ff* x * _¦! iT-^_y_r_TS*_^ /Wr^^^fT_n__S-_ff^S^'^S'-5^^_t
PB.OF. CHESTERFIELD.
LEW WAT.T.AC-TS PALM.
Taken by Grant Chesterfield, Lon-
don's Noted Palmist.
This imprint Is a correct reproduction of
the palm of Lew Wallace, author of "Ben
Hur," taken by Professor Chesterfield,
•who Is at present giving private readings
In palmistry at 1103% Broadway.
By examining your palms it is said by
the most prominent citizens of Oakland
that Professor Chesterfield tells you the
condition of your health, what ails you
and whether or not you can be cured. If
you will soon make certain business
1 \ f~\
™_R*ndTmat/
1 W|W___?J__&*"
changes. If your home life Is or will be
happy. If you will be fortunate in love
_rr_irs and, in brief. It is eaid that he
tells you the complete story of your life.
Been yesterday at his parlors, the eminent
enl£tna was surrounded by a throng of
people anxiously awaiting to learn what
was In store for then-
Professor Chesterfield's fee is JL His
parlor* remain open evenings until 9
o'clock; on Sunday between 10 a. ro. and 5
p. m.
I You are costive, and nature Is under a constant strain to relieve the condition. This causes a rush of blood to the rectum, and before £&
long congested lumps appear, itching, painful, bleeding. Then you !».ve piles. There are many kinds and many cures, but piles are not cura- £&
ble unless you assist nature In removing the cause. CASCARETS make effort easy, regulate and soften the stools, relieving the tension, and #8)
giving nature a chance to use her healing power. Piles, hemorrhoids, fistula, and other rectal troubles yield to the treatment, and Cascarets S
. quickly and surely remove them forever Don't be persuaded to experiment with anything else! S§
¦.>-.'--V> ¦«_f¥f_BHBB8B_''k^^ _ as AtCDison trlobe. - fiT*^ xSJ
_^E_P_i!__ T of <>_mne_ with protruding pilee brought on not i 5>
M&BW _____l_3a_?t_ «Ji_fB ' Tto *>y «">«tlP*t'on whl c- 1 was aaicted for ft ¦ , IjQ
¦"'" JB&f&W -Han-P^Qfra £&?<!•$_ 'he RETS ia the town ot Newell, la-, and dow •
_y% Jf^^jSr f£Sf^r PiwPsJ nerer found anything to equal them. To-d»y jj^, j^jw
C_ iE_>*l_y w3_ J_S__f *e of new man.** • C. H. Kxrcn. w* J?v
<1 * best for b ° wels and l|ver - $
g 1 ME TABLET nm3^te^^^^p§^^-^-^ g^^ - DRUGGISTS
©5 «nJj«~! •n»owjil tr«nT>lcs, MMndleltls, bllUaneaa, OjrA__~TE_ll TO CVUXx FlT«-yt«-i ««o t\m first b«_ mt OA»- X
_BT^ : KS_»Sk? .J.Ji!t2 Jl? 00 * 1 ' • Wl 9 d ° n f b * ¦$•!_»«*. blOfcfcd bowels. fo«l month, CARETS wm .old. Sow It U«n _*_ r^nLt, bo«e. n y»r. rn-»Ur th»m _oy Cfl
_r_ ¦ ej'«" •!«_• Con»tl»_tlo«. kill* mom ueople tb-m _U other dWenaea together. nanateed «« cir« or aratw nhaiitd. Ua bar toduT, two £Oc boxci, ctfs «£y
09 imp^»X^atf«rXt5V™ Slii*ZW* a f\ ur'f £*v^5 I_f* CO F* *^~ * r * lr> h « B «t trt.l, _, ¦lmple d!r«etle>i, and If you are not .atuaed ' 5C
3? ¦ van^Tifi „_• il °_!JV at i «fw»»Jt »"«T««t ¦t*rtt«kl»K OA8CA K_ T» today, r«r Kiler «»!¦« •«« 6O« box. retam the nititd &Qt box and the raipty box to DO
t& aT_m>_^ V_°..!i«r-Zn_L^J~Ar 5_i A SCAKET* tod-r. -ader aa sbMl-to Sack for b«Ui *6im. Tak. oor «d«lc<-uo axterwk.t _H« y»«— itmrt t^.y. £^
K-a—iatOO «O CT-wr_>iqr r<fli»d>4. MMHMroflttwiM, —I— ¦'__¦!»._ *;¦:.:,-¦. Owlth will _itcUv fblUw u< 71m will bi«w tkx <I»t t«k fl-t >Urtr<t the ¦•• ty
Gj "¦•":¦¦ - oCC__0__t *ri BwklVnkjMU. Jkadi mxLUld _UutT CO., ¦•« I— k — c_ m«-. jSL" CHICAGO. March 3X— The Chicago
Evening Post was to-day sold by H. H.
Kohl3aat to a company headed by J.. C.
Shaffer of Evanston, who will be presi
dent and publisher of the paper.. Samuel
T. Glover, for several years managing
editor of the paper, will be its editor: The
publication, which will be known here
after as the Chicago Post, will appear
Monday In an entirely different form. The
pages will be reduced one-half from the
present size, but increased in number
from eicht to sixteen pages.
. The Chicago Post, it Is announced, will
make a feature of financial news, but 'will
"present all the news of value to its read
ers and will continue to take especial in
terest in the literary, educational, reform
atory and social life of Chicago." The
paper will be strongly Republican In poli
tics. - ¦¦'- ii«j&toUpBanw>»cgBtaBBMMafi5hi
Suing Insurance Companies.
•TOPEKA. Kans.rMarch SO.— County At
torney "Nichols brought" suit. In the XHs
trict Court against flf ty-nine insurance
companies doing business In Topeka, to
prosecute them under; the anti-trust laws
of 1897." -The companies are all known as
"union companies," and ' the petition
names them as subscribers of the rate
book issued by the Eldridge Inspection
Bureau. If judgment is recovered against
them -each company will be liable to a
penalty of $1000 and $100 a day for every
day it continues to do business after judg
ment is recovered.
New Commissioner of Patents.
WASHINGTON, March 3O.-Frederick
I. Allen of "Auburn* N.'Y.^ was sworn in '
to-day as a' Commissioner of Patents! sue- i
ceedlng -« Charles H. Duell, resigned. I
Bvmning Post Will Appear in. New
Form and Hake a Feature of
Financial Information.
CHICAGO NEWSPAPER
IN" NEW OWNEEff HAHTS
matter about which I cannot speak until
the session closes." . . .
'."I have not yet said I would accept the
Governorship. Although I am, as Sen
ator Currie said, from : the sand hills, at
the ' same • time ¦ I have" some 'self respect.
If Dietrich, as I understand * the < case,'. In
tends" to hold ', the office of ¦. Governor until
December, when the Senate meets. I shall
resign before he does. In that event Sen
ator • Steele ; wlir be Governor. -"There are
circumstances In connection " with , this
-On the , other hand Governor Dietrich's
appointees : : are 'insisting that . he remain
until December, and the upvernor says he
hopes Jin " that time ' to 7 have carried his
plans of; State - government to '. maturity.
Lieutenant Governor Savage does not try
to conceal his opposition nor does he heel-'
tated to express, his mind, although he
does not; yet openly discuss the real cause
of resentment. To-day he said:
' LINCOLN^Neb.,' ; March 30.-Lleotenant
Governor E. P. Savage resents the - an
nouncement of Governor Dietrich'* inten
tion to retain the Gubernatorial chair till
fall as r a reflection upon his personal in
tegrity. He sees In It a lack of confidence
In him which if persisted In throughout
the t summer." would ' discredit him. before
the people and render, his subsequent ad
ministration . a total failure. , . .
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Executive of Nebraska
h Arouses Wrath of Pros
pective Successor.
DIETRICH STIRS
UP A TEMPEST
, Rauer's i Law,- and Collection, - Co., ri
moved = toS13^Bush/«t. J * •
SAN JOSE, March 30.— Andrew ; P. Hill
of this city, to whdlse-. efforts^the people
owe the ~= preservation of the Big Basin
forest, • has been ¦ appointed official photo
grapher of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. He will begin his duties at
once,: and' left - for • Sao t Francisco to-day
to - consult .with \\V. H.- ! Mills. The work
contemplates an extensive picturing' of the
forests, wonders and glories of Califor
nia.' . ftix^.3^^5M*fcyMBHBHBMSi
Andrew P. Hill's Good Fortune.
With privilege of stopover at y Santa
Barbara" and 'Los Angeles. Tickets good
30 ¦ days. A Tickets sold at • this . rate '< only
during the month of March. Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's ticket office. . 4 New
Montgomery street, under^ Palace , Hotel.
$25 to San Di e go and Return.
Labor Boycotts Breweries.
PORTLAND, Or... March 30.— The Fed
erated Trades -Assembly of this city has
declared a boycott against the product of
Portland breweries in connection with the
strike of brewery employe*, which has
been on for the last ten days.' :
GRASS VALLEY. March 30.— Miss Mil
dred Vincent, the handsome daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. George Vincent, a prominent
family of this city, left for San Francisco
to-day with the purpose of surprising her
friends by her forthcoming marriage to Dr.
O. P. Downec of the Owl Drug Company.
Their engagement had not been generally
knwn. Miss Vincent was accompanied
by her mother, and a few nours after
their departure the news leaked out.
The young woman is a native of Grass
Valley. Her father is a; wealthy pioneer
merchant Dr. Downes. In addition to his
present position, is a practicing physician.
He is a graduate of Cooper Medical Insti
tute. The couple will reside on Golden
Gate avenue in San Francisco. ¦.¦
Franciacan.
the Bride of the San
Hiss Mildred Vincent "Will Become
DR. DOWIJXS TO WKD
GRASS VALLEY BELLE
SAN JOSE, March. 30.— Surveyors for the
Southern Pacific are in San Benlto County
eneagred in seeking the most available
route for a proposed .'extension of the rail
road from the terminus at Tres Plnos to
connect with the branch line from'Fresno
to the Coalinga j oil fields. The contem
plated work : involves" the construction of
about seventy-five miles of railway and
a' reduction of at least eighty miles in the
distance of all points in the San Joaquln
Valley south of the line, between Merced
and Fresno counties, from San Francisco.
The branch to Coallnga is being pushed
westward toward: the Coast Range to
meet the Tres Plnos extension.
a Route for. a Connecting'
. Line.
Southern Pacific Engineers Surveying
RA0XROAD FROM TOES
PINOS TO COAIilNGA
TUCSON. Ariz., March 80.— Burt Alvord,
Eotorioua train robber and fugitive from
Justice, ha» shown th« most • remarkabl*
"nerve" c-f any desperado Arisona. ha»
ever known. After having- been pursued
by three posses but two weeks a*o, wh«a
the desperado came over the line from
Mexico and stole five horse* from the
Warren ranch. Alvord a«ain crossed the
lice yesterday at Douglas, the new towa
<m the border. He boldly walked Into *
saloon and was at once recognised »r
several persons. With Alvord were thre#
men. one of whom wai Bravo Juan, who
i* aXso a fugitive from justice.
The desperadoes spent several hours !n
the camp and Alvord *aid that he ir*» oot
afraid of beine taken by the Arizona of-
SS? He openly defied the > Const^bU it
I>*u*lfi* to arrest him and said he m,* nt
i^afl -iJoVdto Sheriff Del L«wi» It he want
reffisUne? in the border town lonirafter
a telephone mesea«e had been sent
Eherirr Lewis. When be. was warned that
a roi»e was on the ro*u and wpuid soon
reach Douglas the desperado. coollj J* 1 .^
that he was not afraid of tJiem an£ 1 T
they came upon him Jn the hlli» he wwid
iniik« th#m wlah, they bad u»u ¦ The <les-
Re-enters Arizona and Defies
the Officers to Attempt
His Capture.
Py)«i Dispatch t-> Tbe Call. "
OUTLAW ALVORD
GROWING BOLDER
MONTEREY, March 30.— The citizens of
Monterey met last nizht to devise plans
for the reception of President McKinley
when he visits Monterey ; in ; May. ,, The
meeting- waa largely attended.' It. was de
cided to build an arch of Monterey
cypress from the outer limit of the town
on Franklin street— the street by which
the President will enter the old town from
Hotel del Monte-r-up to Alvarado street,
and inside the arch 500 children will stand
strewlngr flowers in tha path of the .na
tion's cnlef.
A reception committee, consistingr - of
Mayor F. Johnson and the City: Council
and Hon. T. J. Field, William Jacks. W.
W. James, W. E. Zander. Hugrh Tevis. »~.
M. Hilby , A. W. Jones Jr. , AV. . E. Par
ker, H. -A. Greene, James F. Moore, Judge
T. G. Lambert, William Kay, J. B. live
ly and Alexander Unaerwood. will meet
the President and his party at the.Alva
rado-street end of the arch and present to
him an address of welcome.
Nothing: further will be done In Monte
rey proper except that the town will bo
elaborately < decorated, for this city > will
Join Pacific Grove in the Grand Army cel
ebration which the President will . visit
during his stay hera. '. .i'i j . ' ; . . ' .
The , commlltees In . charr»' of arrange
ments for the arch, etc.. are: ¦¦:.¦'
Decorations— H. A. Greene, William;
Special TM Bpatch ' to The Call:
Children Will Strew Flowers
in President McKinley's .
.Pathway.
MONTEREY PLANS
HEARTY GREETING
"Billy" Stiles, who was formerly a
fugitive, and was hunted ¦with Alvord and
Bravo Juan, has gone out to make an at
tempt to capture hi* former companion in
outlawry.
They had not left Dnutrlaa long when
the Sheriff's poese arrived. The poaso,
composed Qf Deputy Sheriff Macdonald
a.nd four former Rouerh Riders, at onc^
tock up the trail of the outlaws and at-
Silver SprJnga a number, of cowboys
Joined them. The cowboys are bitter
toward Alvord since he took the horses
from the Warren ranch and the desperado
has few friends Jitnontr them.
perado visited every saloon in the camp
and srave It out that he was not rolntr to
le«.ve Arizona araln. He and his com
panions went toward the Silver Cree*
country in the direction of the Chlrlcahua
Mountains.
Kay, Alexander Underwood, J. "W. Bag
by, J. B. Snlvely. •
Finance— A. Westfall. O«orgre Bertold;
M. Harris, J. Lachman, A. R. Under
wood. IBi^mnroM l '''lfs<iWIIJ<ifflfftfFIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
17
*™.™ff?? IUH - ' TBCB .^y^PJ^H^l ___J_J JTH^El^MU^ |^^_^^^^^ T | THE jagPOBITJM. | THE EMPOBITJM.
|: Easter Gloves. Silk Sato* You will not regret ike time spent this week in coming to set Sa r e of EWen's 5
* FanwusMal^l Monday Only. special appropriate and beautiful 'decorations and r-tto : -brMtifd;.tytosorbrfgfchued tg^^S^M?;^ Wash Neskwear. %
i Alex^e Prmere o/nts f^ -' - S^S't^S; . jSh \
$ U 1OU "T c r^ r *i™ neS NewSi!kFUnntI.S.tlnR. S tnce«ndFUnne! JCU^^^^Tn" C\ WE^RS g^ E '&ai/ GonOi'f » San orgooi, from three ; of *J
J; Mmarch Empress Jouvin de S ie-h allncof tV.«tii« .co^ng,, in- Easter jg&gS^ W iHilf^ Klfii^llif 11 \9AXf&£?&? * „ S- I "J n « " W§SzM tot- '5
? Satdc Gloves-finest y»litr, in bUck, gray c.uding all t,e new «aac« in vogue this /O^y/* rtrifflxSZF&W * I iiS^S^ StJF^St H <U 199 f^TO^K /^frgn^i^ $ $ T- "^ "^ 5?^ M@SSS\ f^T e-S »STk of 3
* and mo -e Sf SO S->rinir Thr^e ti'lts .n- vrrv soft and dur ZsCfirCf& CilllJ^^^ f/z/rW it 53 9&Zf£=*?~Z = —~ -^^T 0^ BvBI J *<&*** tid teen our Spnng M$orQ:i;nt? . Ch: dten's ////rf'-t?*&S$\ |\ I . . „ - Jx- t %
J. iht-« StmOO tome coitum-f. It bought rceu ary the puce /=i,// aJuor/metifiS - • -• • - If- r - »•»»«'« /)* u»4-.5J. u cc. w f5^^3S»ftJ women closed out <t
It Uilt,' 2-CUsp-ldi ,'u.r«, the b«t that en would have to be |i.oo ani |x.io per yard, . ' Skat. foi-$i.oo._or f 9 . 9S w.th aL the between S^TbrTteJS «
OuTPTtLciovi'i^idi'cJJ^ 0 , $pcdal Mondayonl3r —. 79G Shopping by Mail has beo-.m* through our splend.d i system as easy and almost as Dnwen-^n ciff:r- Eeckwcar . m^ * 5
5: __ p. tC ntfa.t- A ',, . few coior-ngs in embroidered poik. dot satisfactory as by-personal visitto thi big store. Tw ce e ich vear -we issue a very large.. rat •"«""* weU «. comc %^ NiSll^l ! ! mSnaajT i
I r^^A-71 "r"' utt't SJj^fS^n^^^ P rotusel y Mustra'ed, genera catalogue, called the "Emporium Economist," -which describes UaJ ; o»#^ |
ts 'o * g itching, »u .pedai Money only .....97c the new fashions and gives lowest retail prices for everything to eat dt ink. wear or use, nuM --'-,"--—-W.oo a 5 c Ma<j«s rus-in .a thcncww«vesand $
£• //,//m~"^'v De W i II 1 4 j 11 -j ' j- • j 7 ¦ • J .V . , F> ve new ityles Corset CoTtn— all made to fit pretty coloringi - to-morrow — {J
** II In v^S^ «h«detto m- g l ells how to order goods; hew to send money; gives ar cur ate smptvng mfotntitton, etc: the pr :8 ent erect from conet 2S0 7g %
\ IJP %££% . s , £F?Jz"J??L .h. Upm nceivin S ° der no labor * s P a ed t0 select *« exacl articIe ™0> and goods art "JSTj^ESft^SZSS^ %
* IP tM si'sa B"'^* M«S°pom F r5S skwl-ningS shipped on day order is received if pdssibe. If tot alreadv familiar with our methods a i©o new style* of Lad;«' Gown, to leiect from . •»» 17 *»ea akoc sc«fi that c« be de* ¦ -5
g w«h we Kid G!ov t ,-K>mcttfa f - I iew ; .' real "icr ia-nc is 33 inche, fi m O rd er will'conv nee 'OU that 4 pvsjo trade wit* the Emporium: ' '% " P T "Tf f T"' 75fi to **'*° worn S?.^PSdS"i^h!- 3g i
$ SlSg^SSSSS5fea 12o t Send for Free Copy of llZ-page Summer 1901 ready. % W§^M^^: f< , „, AU nw>M :5
J. We guaranty them. A»k to tee the Marvel : — — — — — — ~ — — 1 : : ~ Stale OF Ati'UVBfSm g
If New Dresses, One-Quarter Qfi Extra Easter Miilinery Opening w^ffffl, 0^^ |
| m r,p» r fr. ere . y. Special Sale of Bauer & Co.'s Dresses at a Reduction of 25 Per Cent The largest M.llinery Department west of ' TC^rJ^ trZ^t^%^t^Z ¦ 5
U^LdS -& ' ' Two weeks igo Bauer & Co of Fifth avenue, GhicagO Will haVe.On Slle tu-mOrrOW a CaSe Of SS^" injmiunon tuck^rtnamnce and J
£ v* • 3 ° k R bh ?? ?' fi&k*. ' N=w York,' makers of Ladies' Fine Tailor Dresses, new Imported Pattern HatS; first Showing. J^^^^m^ Sh^3n,Jr£, Zt["^L^i"l I
J, Nc3t !e»s tr.tn 53,000 yar,»or high class ncv- *-V'-&ftJ*.i • , , ,. . A , ,, ftn > c c • r» -r, ¦ i , j-j i- £ r» KKhS^S'-^T^^^-^fe' B0U4re191nci1esw.de. ft
I t'.tv •„« r bom now en our thtWa rrtdy A'^^^J^ C hundred (300) fine new bpnng Dresses Jhese, With OUr already Spiendld line. Of Pa terilS A&cS^Sti^Sr * I -°° ta x 75 Embroidery All-Ovcn-varJ *
W for Ea ter selling— catin Supreme, satin Mar- on hand< Knowing that we were the largest f rnm <*,r,tr> « 3 f nbrp<; OUT di<;nlqv hfVOnd all iJ^^^^^^^lf 7&° ~*
*: -.tin and uff u, Ron,.', and Per- '^^^W CIoak 3n * Suk bave « ™ the ' Padfic S1 °P C ° f " OlSpliy DeyOnO all 5^^^^^^^^^ 40= and 50c Lace AU-Overfr-yard . . . 2 7O \
k - dan effrct, gold gaate, floral warp prin-s, 'O\r'A^^ V/ fcrred them al! to us at 25 per cent bff. Our buyer Comparison. %ZM^&%&S?S* f OP^?«T|./mi1tinffC *
fc* thenevjeft weaves, rr.aie «rr.-stly lor n?ck *» J] W^ H^tTU fc^ j u 1 j . u ' **•* a ***** rt*% mm'ite hi ' tjr *** H *W^- e $8aE?W' toCCS** B rimiJainnSa v
V ar«.L^, fricesp-r^dfroa. 1 :../ <&P\ grasped the opportunity, dosed the bargain, express- $7,50 and $10.00 MJMnory NoVbMbS. C *^fggT Juby Ruchinq, 12X ? 15o2So •*
5 25o tO SI 5** fi£'\*& t *~~~\ f/*fi ( \ c " them, and here thev are. All this SCa- At these pr:cc» we give you not on y e.ceilent mattr al«, but perfect style; copies of V. a'^JkSL UbrtvRu Hi «— fflat pleat" •» Inch 3So {r
£ No' 'Scarcity' of cijlorei Velvet fcbbons «t Hhwf&$DS\ (J* I \ . son's newest styles' ol Ecjant Eton Dresses in hats costing doub!e ; aU of them our n.-icst_makin g , an^ hundreds to choow from. V^^^^" 4-indi ....:........../..."... ..45© 5
£ the Empo iurn-75 d.ff^rer.t colorir.^ repre- \£, ' ¦- \ \S* A\ the verv la es: effects, colors and materials, and all (tfO n/1 /« «fO /)fl M«i; n ni.u JVoi/mVfoc Am^ * n Bands— per yard. .. .2.' O to 75© -J
*. irr.t our j satment, in i'J wkths tram one- \*% ' , '7*hr\ \ '> : /?fA -\-\ V«27 l -// i / j- r r 1 J l it* 1 2£ UU tO JpltSmUU IwittltnQPy NOVQltl*2Sm ZD- * *3kWv^\^B V n f e Fandl— oer yard 12\t.r- tj €f tin
% 3 mch«, wi/thslo match .argen W% fMfJMR V^/7' «« discount of 2 5 per cent from our already bar- £xqukkc Hats; many cf thTm u.gina patterns from N-w^York'. t«t house,; the (^M^WW Ve^c Net Top 1 ? ? | /J to |Jlo9 '?
K stock of velrcttibbom w« rto Chicago. SJ'^VPtIi ' W^3 gain pr ces. Sale DCjillS Mondiy. . rest are cun, and wc ' know that on'.y the bes: in materials, styles, finish and 'V B «ck Silk Uc:s /i. C ta C5o •*
V "Z /^^**^l<^^vl:'*\ I A $1 2.00 Tai or D. esses $9mOO malting is in them. &F**%^$&%vMlj/ —- jjj^-j^^
fc . Sale VajjeS tOr M^ffilM :J $15.00 Tailor Dresses". $13.75 WllkinO H^tS SI OO to S4.5O. ' J^^^^M L'S! &£!&&* M ft <Z£* *
g Easter Flowers. r^PSrS p A szo.ooTaiiorD.sscs.. $15,00 , „?. „ g * „! ? T ? •, S%&*£&^ L.*2&ai&& im&&&. *
£-«o^ m nd v«rd TcCdav •>- -; ;^T>^ i "• t K A oo Tailor Dr«s- S Strlw A pwe Wl-kl . ng Hjts; '"7 concel 7 lble ' hi ?, c ' 1 ;°^^ JW ' "L^ 0 ! 0^ Ladles' Imported Maco Cotton Hoje. drop
£ _ _ Jf 'JSe y f« fine bS? -^IeS Y/i^¥S •) ••' V, $2)-°° i.aii o r JJress.S $I8.7*> ev ry correct trimming, and the very best of Tilues at $t.OO to $4.53 *%&** 'S* . sdtch, extracted polka dot,, llack, tan, ~
iS fe^J> rrJn el? Vaei all Vffi&ffl.'MfM L * $3°-°° lor Dressrs. $22.60 each. 4 -^! ' French b «= and laVender, with" white »do5 5
I f I sgaul |||H1%M^ .fSiS^SSSC »*«^ vw«»9». "~--=- £ :-^ 1
fef./'Si\ r h fVn v^;/;^ .. Asorte kt of manufasiurer'isampao. fine woolen and tilk More than I ooo pieces of carefullv selected novelties— becoming S&3GB3S SnlQ Of «
» V7 / ¦ - \ K c " ut <J' a ** w a« — M :\ \- ¦-!:-¦¦./ waHts, a gra es and stvl s: mere cr less mussed and som: , ,. „ , r , , . '. . . , " gagflMSgc •- ******** ******* v ,-*
X JtLL^M Beau^ul Easter offer- /^'^Sft ' ,'Cu but wonicfal bargain' at these prices: styles for Easter-pbced on our shelves dunng the pas t^eek: • • '<4m^g&»» WHUO Or^BIldseS. %
f. rjcivif^S* 1 "' "* i ncs shown in our ¦ '»i: \&:Stki * \.C*?J \« - «' • rt ¦» «-»» # «• • -,- E.i.broidersi Spot ChrT^n- an! Ve! vet Spot Chiffons, all colon. 3K^ MR> 9ra " l "" 11 ' **r* *J a **¦•***: *9w
j ISSSSSffiS? -%W^ S 15 ° k'.ocfwat 0 frSO-WMj, .JJ.75 • ' -^V' A rcafly nice qaa'Ity of fine Organdy for Cba- g
*" iu -tb, room oa main floor— 4=0 irTcrent '•¦ 'OSm tiJ& ' J*& '^ff^WK'Y ' * a ' uu .: .*; . . ' Doub'e Mesh Compkxion VtiU. ;* V*?^ 4%F rirmaaon or Graduation D»«es— which for .*»
?t a-nrls of the latest tha « *nl cut ing— i^-^eW r^k 7^- N3W$i*5* PorC^fe Wt*app&r*S $1*15. : Novelty M'*h Vtlvet and Chenille Spot Tuxodot. "• \££%jgS§k. appearance and washing .pialiries almost etroala . £
£ Bterlmg •Iv-r Prr?rr ar.d Sa ts 5 # OO a Vfc —*-*'^4^>-*' J^f^^T^ Assor;ea lot 01 swerai hun. red new P.rca e W'ra ptis; li^ht, Ir.visib e an J Spider Mesh Beauty S.<ot Veili. *&£f~*ffi^ the jery expensiTe kind. Wid:h 31 incnes, \f
Jtf pair — Bonbon or Oliv - Di he* trom $1.5lt i£-. 'i}£j 11^'^^^r^^- r midium and dark color3; al. lined wai»ts; deep flounces; nicely • 9 " # ' m**"9 fi fi V*» *t - •~* mm^ aM f*^' special sale price Monday only, per _ JC
up, an: other prices to correspond ***^ ~~*"^ •J^SJC^L* — trimmeJ and made; reguarly $1.50 — sale price $1*15 ? . «wC «O mjf%**aW m Smt^Um ." f.- yard m%MG »J
z* * * . ' ' ' ' __ ¦ •»
I Easier Clothing Sale. ££&*<# Easter Shoes H&ffa&rdla&hery Books for Easter. Ladies' Easter Neck- |
¦ km -a c *F FOP Mn SMS lVc/ll?n» " New shapes in Men's Co Urs— all the swell We have just laid in a new stock of Bibles, Catho'ic and . mf£P*Z2ft* "5
tf And an Extra Monday Special. Footwear that excels in qua'ity, fit and finish; the very ideas in high «an.i ng co'iars made of good Episcopal Prayer Boob, among which are the following at *fW***MBm %.
*: Many of the novelties that we are newest in style, and lowest possible prices for these Arrow B«2-i°for .'.V7.V.'.Y.28o prices: • • 7 WO Great Monday Specials. " %
* s 4$£*H&k showing for thb Easter event were .qualities. Monday and the following days should be Ful Dress ih r s Monarch Brand,' with. Episcopal Prayer Books— According to binding, from mj'm'A Wc have selected from this -J
I &T^i bough: especially for the occasion, and very busy in the big shoe section with such surpassing patent b.»m fla? to keep" Losom from break- £ {^ " Vrnymnah-iictoli' Vs'-wi'th m»ic'(TucSr)! ffcSo scason ' s Iate " purchases 5
» V/y we have marked them at _ special Eastrr values as these: - FufD^" bVa^ Shim 'whh " buff, afuct" Pr.yer Book, *nd Hymnal, combined-per .et 6 Jo to *5. O two cf our best - novelties mmh Z
t J 6 ****^ prces. Vou will be delighted with the *M«n s Patent Lcath:r uce o- Button S&&> 31 75 Catholic P ayer Books— Ve« Poeket Prayer Book of Catho-ic Devo- for a before- Easter special . J^w^^gB •'
* *^<gp%* F«tty srvles when vou see them, and ?° f - Fm^ <iU3:ty I OI French CaI f' v^l^ Men 1 , Gbv":,-thV new" 'tan' shade,/ ia*m-t „ tion ' e » th " *""?> r f d n , r ! der J *°* ed «f- • • • ' •; f S° offering. . %
*i ¥Si&5;t&V\\ mi 1 u 11- G-odyeir welt jo.e, latest spr.ng stvle /-k^-^^3%A j,_,,.j t u- s c nr n _ . K'y of Heaven— Leather bned, rel under go'.d «dges fiflO c v _ : n. ot.-v 1 !V,,f u ciiv w, r v -re ra»^" 5?? <1
J.' P|W — r# Men', Patent Leather Oxford Ties- rfH Dert'i'Eng-iVh'Wa'k'inj Coves^-pair $1.85 D g^^g«, pates map; and concordance, subject index. .. .5/.4O Ion* ofblackCheni!e', fin- 33fitt\ §0&^\ %
£ *W)&Sr. "a™ lh-> Extra SpBSiai B , t qual ty Fr nch Calf hand- ewed . . §$ggf Neckwear N ,v;lt es-ume of the ates: New Jib U for ¦ Home Use-Morocco bound, _, It eJg;, Urge type. $1r75 ; she . ;th go l d , P ikes; e.ceptional Ai Ml/®**\
» Vnw^T^? For Monday onl /* ext ns on tcki, the rery latest S t/e i^^T Y.r* Nor.-lti., such as the new Drby Four- Child s Bib:e—Selr pronouncing, d.vimty arcuit, red under goW edges, va i ue it $1.50 ea:h, g* tfp^_ / H Wv^H^'-J •*
- IM K'il Bov, 1 $2.50 V«h Sailer Suit,, $! 89 — 50 Buldog fc.es, the nobbiet a-M d-r* : - in-hand, the N w Windsor Bow, the' Wind- ' l "* c $£• • • ••• ••• • •' ¦••• • ¦••• •••• • Mmdav ttl, +2&$* f fl/»7 Wp ; ~+rOj S
Z Vtiltl l\V'9 different st. 1-s, including pVa wh'te duck an! cst shce made i & ES /f!8#S Sfe. nr.tte, But:«fl.- Strings ini Band Bowi, aU B » w *»—^ e * Ilne ; •••••;¦/*«#.•««»•*» '^ •*»* Al! Silk Crene de Ch ne Scarf,— A '»Mtl/ IfF "?
»= Viiif VJlff Eaen crash, the coors%f «h, fancr nuts are our price only. .. &Z2. UU fe^\ in the new ,rcl co . ring, for Baiter..* 'O Gifi B, ok, for Ea,ter-J.- R. Ifcwk^ bound m wb.te and * »M jf 3
g H Pi guaranteed abs^utely fart, hand-launder.d col- Udlts* F.ench Pa'et Leather Shoe,, »oy«' Novelty Winder Tie, 25^ ffct'^nVa B « I \C' '^ll^T^V-"- ' : «vV~n>r'*n$ & **' aai finishod with gilt ff ?! '2
?. t| bi Iars, even suit perfe.tlv cut and well made, in win dull mat kid too, the newest i^^^i^ Men's Fancy Stripe Ho Ury-two, three and j4 f;Cry of a B,s> L ifc- Si.ent Time, Erery Diy o< U e I » 3S , «|
I' U W the :atet Sl M for to.. 3 to 10 vear, it > of coin toe, hand-tu^H -le four colored narrow or. wide . ripe,, hand- , *™*J£" *"*<"" v . ' . ™" « /f *? k , Lender' l"'bTc^' w^h 1/ \ 5
& " /i -f to-morrow only ®Q medium h?gh g%ff% LW^Bb?^ somely blend.d, German make, an excel ent . Ullian WhHIn, s IHok.-rNew edimn. beaunfuUy'bound m w ,te and " ' eSh w Sea S^Z I 5
£ <J*^MU^ $Bv&9 hees.ver, *t,h&**mUU &££&*$&, -• v,lue,' F er P ,ir 25O olJ 5 P U J U h " >„?^I'-^s " «» price ... ... .|/.OC 1^0^330 • ?
6 "1r . •* ..... , tsgg%V>ftftSgraw c-.n v'»^ir,! HrVffMr' r.n K',rb- -r ''World BeauUlyl — Fint, second and third series — "After Her wonu/omy a.,,.. «^«rw
J» a' R.ssian Blouse Suits-fine qua itv Sergs and Udles' latent Ltathtr Oxford T e , Sirall Vertical itripe Hcsery— tan, hack »r ,, , <s • • . S ; enif -.. nce •• o-,-/« »«w *#»«, v«-w« f ' V
K : , , C^^ ' b:U *' ~ d '> ™> b — ' W th G0Od r r ° n 6 °^ a" " Ck£rJUn<iS ' : min 50 '• "»--•' D^rSpf-T'c^ection O f P^m. from the best re- O^XSon^nlYJm^MiilwSU 5
* mJta^h n et t0ei '^3M5O P „.,... OP*- .^^^ comp j cd by A E . Mack> in white and g^d; AQ ofAc newrt:^ b Ae mo8t ft>^ e makcrt> Unm!«akaol. J
|^ $3*95, $4.45. $4.95, 96.53 and $7.50 mJitary he.ls..... Wash Dresses* Ml VVZ ei l S ?'^ T^ C^----\--'-'y-\y'--M' 20 novetes. Almost^iniiJm u»rta^. to ni-'aU e^tn. 5
2" Bo>V New Slier Suit-the special Cesigns for Sprng an! Summrr S VIC as ab'.VS With Louis Xf heels (fr *g f-g+ VWMWI "'J*~*~f- "The Ihephcrd s Pa«!m —Bound in white ,nd gold; publ«W at - t(xk Jabotj _ The Ea^tarn noreco ia Taffeta or Literty SHk, £X JT
* i 9 cx, fkshi. nab e forus and popfar stvle,. red, rrown, blue, tans and and hardHftied' S'ilrS «(iS» -Jl ArL?\n ! SV .tVv. c 5^. our P"«- ....../............ ..:... % -40o coIorl handsomely sdtched or combbsd with git braid and buttons... 5
% Wwatmts •. $3.45, $4.45 **iS4 95 Ml,ses' and Children's Patent LeatheV Lace Sh es -DuU mat kid Tnd T^^tty delfgn. Je Same dustrated-pubUhed at * 1.50, ourpr.ee....... ......,$#.20 _' [ 5 Q to $2 .00 ft
JC Boy,' 3-Piece Suits— coat, Test and knee pantt, made of rrictlv a'J- O-,s. the Goodyear welt extension s.le., the Mat style ne«r coin toe l-§|fl now here. We -have wash • NSW Popular Fiction* . Talor-rrade Taffeta Silk Jab ts, with new shape stocks; « -o w. th X
i wDolBu=Chevio-j and fancy m-xed Cassimeres for boysio to 15 • and tip, spring heels- p<& Bt% ¦ '^PH- ' Crssses for chldren of any age • ., : • ' 7:- , Pub. Price. Our Price chiffon combination 'wh^TtlTel =or gilt. 75? » $2.5O J
5- ,-ears S4.£ 5. $6.OO and $7.5 . Sues Iji to ii. .^?.#5 Size. n# to *. $2.50 #PS% for 75 c, much more elaborate "The S'cy Pilot," Ralph Connor .....|l.i5 $0.98 Silk blouse WJsts for Tailor Sults-Exquiilte no^- •.••¦••••• Jf
*" 0 " 1 "o "*"'«"•? v^;-*.**. vw- v »•* L-dle,' Vici Kid Oxford T e,— Best qual tv, dull mat kid tops, new W^Pfta ' ones for iU 7< with all the 'Black Rock," Ra'ph Connor.. . .- .:...'..... ' 1^.35 ../...... .<. '.. ..: S2*5O to S5.OO .«
j; Bov, Lor. S P.nt, Su,^-a mgruncenr anay of rewSrng Suts cob ,« wd kii ti wl XV Kg* M^ ZZw^t "Heritage of Unre t," Gwendolyn OTerton.... ... l. S o |3? Neck Ruf's-An el.borat. coflectioa i$2 5 > to ' n O X
i k™' S 1 ™ pta S Kf "/^V ieil ; ' $£m%*\U •/SSh®. GirT,' SaTor' Suits-Cruh ''Marr Christian," Ma^ (Wli..... ijo J.2C Embroidered Ovtrco!lars-New detign. 2So 75O %
K at ° Same US abwe.viih Cloth tops and Zi* -~ fM whh SeV^tg^no "&u»d Fount," Henry Tam,,......V..: !;..... .jo J.'So Revere ColUr.-P.Int Veniae . Bat«» Lace. «; '5 J-5 J J
% ™ $"£$7 5'j/$i6'.6d'*°d$15;d'6 paenlleat.tfUpS Sp2m5O (&^M braid-trmmed. , g es T to 6 ' Eben Holden/Mrring feacheUer.. .;.... ,. S o /.fg , Qstr-ch Bo *-New one, for E«te, g.gO to J
S f™ Bun* o CTW#t<rff sivinx in — s^n^ c 11F '^3 New Undetwear. Our Hcvj Easter Novelties $
* /^K E G9 By 0 ?' Spring Sty ies in Grocery Specials. gr. New -p iqu ; --^'^ U d.e,- w«._Richeiieu : Dressmaker, t***—-*.'-***-***. . 5
* £*£J>Sh SpeCiaim SfetSOn HatS. Safe Of HamS* '¦- ": [ M Suits-^wsnleskirtjpear. ribbed -long neck and- ¦¦¦¦¦. Mrt> A> R> Reyno:dl trom New York, b . candy; made or Papier * X
I rSS^SVI Morday ard curing week >3— embroi try ms:r- r kerc lea, fi.: e thread, plafn Jflk making more Jriends and more patrons erery day. Mache; our Utes: •?
t>-v«>^7 " Wht RbbV ' d >' 8 ' l6 John B. Stet- iMonday only, b.st Eastern • Sugar C^S— nonage, 4 to 6 fim,h around neck and arm «gL ¦ ¦ • She i, net on> . reaUy artatic drcsmaker, bnb- European Importation. V-^Rf* '?
V fe^4^ dirTTent color des-gns; alK, an ¦ /^^ son Co . St.ff Cured H ms, n.ce ru,ld cure, perlb. 1 fg <2 _ ;*„ . o, 10 and iz $2.5O, age • • • - hoie colcn white, . ecru, Tb^W b ing orr wid, criginalitv and correctne- of R.b^ flttinf , ttand . /3^^\ Ij
>.; \^K/ tie p^in colors, reguarly S c h=r: r^: Hats, flexible, Scda- Cr.ckers- Fresh *nl cn Sr , .„ buxes ... ......S2-75 back, pink and - > "T !Mt ... but she is prompt. She does not fire you b ? cr running fi1B&j8k *J
1- W F«k*gc,for i= : - E=| . ..sdf-coafoiming, (atxut 10 lbs ) Mun zy only, box. ...39o Children , Coats-Lat«t box or rag'.an effects Ay.«"f v^ |. . jf »© Jf 'V " excuse.. .You get your gown when promked. .So tO $3.00 fiP^gM* S
* ifC 1?== . j^=;^ very light in Chocohts — Ghiardelh s Giound Choco'ate, ¦ f.r all ages, a to 14 years Ladles Lisl . Three d Xtstt — /«»»»-/?(' • " . *"** *•* v***w IS 7 ' Wy; a 5
t >S5>«r^ -^irr^ weight, th- ccr- 1- b tins, Monday 2So $2.5 1 to $f4.OO Swist riibei, high neck, pmSS^X GiSSKQn Ducks, Gee^ or Chick- -^
£ ,, « . , rrct spring style, C f/ e-Fami y blend, a good quaUty, Mon- ; long or short s'e«es, white, 1 ffl \ IWHiOfl riCTIirW. ens 7 i<jH .^
I Liquor Specials, p^^ . 4 ../^,,, skillet* Gh.ropodisU v ™>^*>^ **• 1Xm\\ 01 Front Lite* • *- ..5oro*/.oo •/A-S .3
Porter She ry A good taund wine, Mon- round crown. Joan B. Stetson's Sot Hats Japan Tea — Choice uncolored, 'b. ... .:35o Dr. Carl Dihmel, the sit ll.-d Chiropodist and * an! »ky, ea<.h:-. 9I/O ffflwWL /" I A Special' Sal* Monday Only of an excellent Other nore net — Orange i X
h' day per ga Ion £53 in the new flat brim, bound and raw edge 3est Maine Corn— $t. 15 dozen, tin.. . .f._© Mass:ur, whose par ors are on the Postoffice L die-' Equtst Un Tights — /jf(| I Jj VAV / arjonment of vrry choke reproductions of wood baskets filled jf
K Hermit ce Vhakey— Full quart bott'e, of thi, Fedora.-, in li c h: and dark ptarl brown, and Giod Slice tash— fill 5 dwfen, tin. . . -. ./. ; Q Mezzanine Foor, near-Bar er Shop, make, a Jer»ey ribbed,, ankle or (f[j[j'y,\\\\f / ' G.bson's latest pen and ink sketches, hand- with/ chickens, all C%£*m $
' fjT.*ite traaa, Monday only, per txxtc.GSo back. Stetson Hars are so d in mott stores Sugar P is — $1.15 do* n, tin. ..... ../Oo speciijty of treating ingrowing toenails and knee length, open or close, ".' ; ' IV scmely rnounttd and matted, full sits x6^x kin is of rrults; also a £
%f Domestic P rter Zcualtoimpoxted, -^ — at f 5.00, in this store at. ... *-*/?. Bes» F«rd Dates, for s urBng, Monday, 3 lbs. . bunions Prices reasonable. Consulution white, e.-ru, black, p : nk .. - jA/ ai|i inches, good value for fi. 00 m-wm line of fancy thapc candy boiw nlta&l* fcr m
» Mon av per dotsn 95O $*i'sUU 25O Phone South 710. and sky, each 53O - each, to-morrow *SO mailng, from... Bo UJJ *
' Steamtr chair, strong and com-'
fortable, $1.50. Our larsre stock
of furniture, carpets and draperies
enables us to estimate on furnish-
ing your entire establishment.
Come and see us about it. We
give credit and deliver goods free
within 100 miles. \
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO,,. \
338-r42 Post Street,
Opposite Union Square. .
REiWOVED,
PATRICK & CO.,
EUBBER STAMPS. ETC..
TO 21^1 -*A.NSOmE ST..
Between Pine and California its.
Weekly Call, $1 i>er *YearA policeman's .lfe la not a happy one,
- Happy one!
drab in comparison with Ffrangeon-
Uavies' vivid interpretation. Who that
heard it shall accuse me of extravagancs
when I say that no other singer familiar
to this public approaches this great
¦Welshman In his ability to combine sur
passing vocal technic with control of
Illuminating dramatic color? It Is given
out that his present tour In America Lj
his farewell, at least for several years.
In the face of this fact, let us hope that
he will be heard In a full recital pro
gramme before -his departure, for those
who can hear anything in singing 1 besides
vocalization of melodies will realize how
Infrequent are, the opportunities of hear
ing an artist of his powers."
On all his critics the singer seems to
have made much the same Impression,
whether singing' "Tho Elijah," or Am
fortas In "Parsifal,** or th» title role la
"The Flying 1 Dutchman." or Tonlo In
"Pagliaccl." In all of which divers© parts
he has won renown. Philip Hale says of
his "Elijah":
""Mr. Ffrangcon-Davles Is a most accom
plished singer; his voice is a delight. hl3
art Is Indisputable, his bearing is frank
and manly. h!s Interpretation of the part
of Elijah abounded In exhibitions o£
finesse. He made many points, and they
told. It was a thoughtful and judiciously
dramatic performance;."
W. J. Henderson says of the same per*
f ormance i )
"Mr. Ffrangcon-Davies as the Prophet^
was superb. His declamation was a modeti
of expression, and his prayer noble In its
dignity and breadth. *It is enough' waai
a piece of perfect singing, such as it 14
rarely the privilege of this public to hear!
Mr. Ffrangcon-Davies is a rea> artist.** )
• ' * /
It is Indeed fitting that the past brfl-
I'ant season should have so splendid a
close as the Ffrangcon-Davles recitals
seem to promise. Two recitals only ar© to
be given, on the afternoons of April 23 and
26. at the California Theater, but the sing
er will remain here for a month the guesi
of Mrs. Gustavus Arnold, who Is responsi
ble for Mr. Ffrangcon-Davies' visit to th<i
coast.
• • • .,
Dr. H. J. Stewart's half hour recital
programme at Trinity Church after th«
afternoon Bervice to-day will be: f
Sonata. No. 6, in D < MendelssoSx I
Chorale, andanta con moto, allegro. -ti
Communion, In F Grtsct
Allegretto Grazioso Toun '
Alia Fuga „ Lema'rn >
A special musical service will be held tejr
night in the same church. The programme
will include choruses from Edgar S. Kel
ley*s music to "Ben Hur": solos by Mls9
Millie Flynn. Mrs. J. K. Birmingham. Mrs.
C. E. Dutcher. Mrs. F. G. B. Mills and W.
R. Kniess. A selection from Rossini's
"Stabat Mater" will also be given. During
the offertory Dr. H. J. Stewart will play
Nlcode's canzonetta and Hoillns' concert
overture in C minor.
• • •
The musical setting of "The Seven
"Words of Christ." by Dubois. which waa
recently sung for the first time In San
PrandscO by St. Dominic's choir, will be
repeated on Good Friday (April 5). at 7:33
p. m., in St. Dominic's Church, with tha
same soloists, viz.: Miss Lilly Hoeder.
Boprano; Miss E. V. McCloskey. contralto;
J. F. Veaco, tenor, and Walton Webb,
bass. The performance will be conducted
by the organist and director. Franklin.
Palmer. /# . ,
Another Good Friday programme of
musical Interest will be that given at St.
John's Church, Stockton, under the direc
tion of the organist and choirmaster,
Lewis Thwaites. "The Crucifixion, a Med
itation on the Sacred Passion of the Holy
Redeemer." bv Sir John Stainer. will b<»
given, and should be well hear.1 with the
effective choir under Mr. Thwaite's direc
tion. ¦•'•;,"
WARBLED the sympathetic Mr.
Gilbert in his "Pirates of Pen
zance" a year or two ago. In
the same veracious chronicle o£
woe he gives voice to the same
little plaint against his lot in life that the
burglar has to make, with others of those
distinguished ones of the earth, whom we
common folk are only too apt to consider
as having an eternal good time at the
expense of an Indulgent Providence. But
It was left to the only CoreM to immor
talize the "Sorrows of Satan," which
quaintly blasphemous performance must,
however, be considered as a highly su
perfluous effort so long as the "Sorrows
of an Impresario" remain unsung. C. I*
Graff agrees to .this with all bis impre
sarial heart at the present moment. It
would really seem that. In the interrup
tion of a season that promised so bril
liantly as the late Sembrich engagement
at the Grand Opera-house, fate had done
Its worst, but it seems not. The manage
ment has been accused of calling off the
engagement for a reason other than that
of the prima donna's illness, a reason not
stated, and it has been affirmed that Mme,
Sembrlch was not incapacitated from
singing. Such rumors are hardly worth
answering or recording, but I happen to
have In my possession a letter of Dr. Wil
liam E. Jlopklns which is distinctly apro
pos the subject and should effectually dis
pose of 1L The letter is here given:
803 Sutter street.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., March 24. ttOl.
C. L. Graff Esq., manager Grand Opera
Company. San Francisco. CaL— Dear Sir: After
closely watching the case of Mme. Sembrlch for
the past three days, I am reluctantly forced
to- decide that her Illness will prevent her sing
ing successfully for some considerable tune,
probably weeks. Her present condition
is due to an attack of grippe, the chief evi
dence of which Is the severe inflammation of
the trachea; while there will be complete
restoration of her voice,, the disease Is suffi
ciently acute and seven to absolutely prohibit
her singing at this time: Very truly yours,
WILLIAM E. HOPKIXS. M. D..
Professor of Laryngology,
¦ ' University of California.
To one who follows the usual course of
opera under the star system, the always
imminent change of bill or cast In conse
quence of the illness of this or that light
which cannot be replaced, Maurice Qrau's
radiant satisfaction with his season in
San Francisco will be easily understood.
Once only' during the engagement was the
cast changed, and that only unimportant
ly. But the expected almost happened,
and that In the case of the second num
ber of the "Ring" cycle. Nordlca was ill,
there. was no one else to sing the Brunn
hilde, and either she must sing the role or
"Die Walkure"» be postponed. She sang,
how brilliantly we all remember, but It
was at the cost of much personal sacri
fice. There Is something to be said on the
side of the star after alL
• • • ¦
' The Loring Club concert of Tuesday
evening last served to introduce to -San
Francisco a pleasing new singer, Mrs. E.
F. Schneider, a # resident of the Garden
City. Mrs. Schneider Is a native of Copen
hagen, but received her musical education
in Berlin, with Mine. Joachim, wife of the
famous violinist, and is further indebted
to Frau Cosiraa Wagner, who took much
Interest In the clever young student. In
addition to a charming personality, Mrs.
Schneider has a mezzo-soprano voice of
gratefully pure quality, even and sweet,
and used with excellent discretion. She
has a fine gift of sympathy and her enun
ciation and phrasing are clean and artis
tic In the earlier numbers on the pro
gramme — the three songs composed by the
singer's husband— Mrs. Schneider was evi
dently nervous, a condition that made it
self manifest in faulty Intonation and loss
of breath control, and toight reasonably
be due to the unsympathetic accompani
ments. Miss Loring's work as accom
panist of the club choral numbers Is suf
ficiently satisfactory, but It lacks, the
"pliable quality, the quick sympathy im
perative in the work of the accompanist
to tbe solo singer. The programme also
left the Impression of Insufficient re
hearsal, particularly in the well known
"Vergebliches Staendchen," by Brahms,
in which the Instrumental setting was
frankly careless. But Mrs. Schneider's
later work was euch as to leave a most
favorable Impression and her next ap
pearance here will be awaited with much
interest. Mr. Schneider's songs, three
of which wcto sung by the composer's
wife, in common with many other mod
ern compositions, show strongly the Wag
nerian Influence, and are worthy and seri
ous efforts, thoroughly musical. If , not
quite decisive in form. The young San
Josean has evidently something to say
and will doubtless be worthily heard from
at no distant date. "Die Baumbach
Lleder Elnea Fahrenen Gesellen"' fur
nished the literary inspiration for Mr.
Schneider's songs.- 'Jv. ...
• • • .
David Ffrangcon-Davles, the eminent
Welsh barytone, who will be heard here
during the coming month, has created a
profoundly favorable Impression In the
Bast, where he Is now giving concerts.
Says the Concert Goer in criticizing a re
cent recital, a criticism of more than com
mon Interest, by- the way, in that it men
tions comparatively a barytone most
heartily admired here, David Blspham:
"Ffrangcon-Davles had but two solos In
the programme, arid because of a relaxed
throat he substituted Schubert's 'Prome
theus' for 'Dem Unendlichen.' Loewe's
'Edward* was his second item. Despite
his handicap, the great barytone sang
with such sure control of tone, such va
riety of color and such moving abandon
as one could not hope to hear from any
contemporary singer. I thought when I
hear Blspham sing the Loewe ballad In
a recent recital that he painted its tragic
and hideous moods truly, but It was doll
£; University life in Russia has its strenuous 'moments that make football struggles appear like
a healthful and innocent amusement. Rushing the center of a Cossack guard and getting seven
years' service in the army for failure to make a touchdown is just about as exciting as anything
known to our university life, not even excepting the adoption of a new yell. - :
WHEN Senator Vest made his speech against the bill to create an American merchant ma
rine his most elegant passages, from a Missouri village standpoint, were emitted in denun
ciation of the Gloucester fishermen, because they get a tariff drawback on salt used in
curing their catch.
The Gloucester fishing industry is the principal nursery of hardy American seamanship.
The service is more dangerous and destructive to life than the navy. Congress is voting prize
money to well-paid admirals and seamen for their service in the Spanish war, and wherever they
go they are recipients of ovations for their bravery. . All this is deserved, and we find no fault with
it. But the bravery and sacrifice of the fishermen of Gloucester throws' all martial exploits into
the shade. 9 ...
Yet no- American writer has brought these brave men conspicuously into literature, and it
was left for Kipling, in his "Captains Courageous," to pay them the first immortal tribute,
in letters. u ¦ '¦ ¦
Every year at Gloucester is held a memorial service in memory of the fishermen who will
come back no more until the sea gives up its dead. It is the most pathetic ceremony held any
where in this busy world, and yet it attracts no attention beyond the borders of the primitive little
town which keeps green the memory of its heroes.
This year the list contained the names of fifty-five brave men, .who sailed away to return no
more. -But their names were read to nineteen widows, thirty-seven children who will not again see
their fathers, and a great company of fathers, mothers, brothers and sisters. So Gloucester for
mally mourned- for a day, while the rest of the world went on with its pleasures, its buying and
selling, heedless of the woe wrought by the wild waters^ahd feeling but little community of feel
ing and sympathy with the hearts that ached arid the heads that bowed that day in the little fish'
ing town on the rocky coast of Massachusetts. Yet that list of the dead far outnumbered our ma
rine losses in the Spanish war, but they lostflife in the pursuits of peace and not of war, to con
tribute to the welfare of man and not to destroy him. -
In the last forty-six years Gloucester has lost 350 vessels, valued at $1,500,000, and the lives
of 1650 men. In one storm :'n 1873 31 of her'ships went down and 174 men were swallowed by
the sea.- In another storm 15 vessels foundered, carrying 120 men, who left 70 widows and 140
orphans.
The tragedy of the fisheries pf North Scotland inspired Kingsley to write that aeolian thren
ody, "The Three Fishers/' and the wraith over the unsatisfied waters of the German Ocean has ap
pealed to three French and many German writers, who have inscribed in literature the romance of
that useful occupation of risk and hazard. ;:¦'?'
But of all the fishing communities of the world Gloucester has seen the most tragedy, the
most tears and the sorest sorrow. Even while the comfortable Senator from Missouri stood in the
luxurious Senate making the galleries laugh by his sarcastic flings at these hardy men, they were
battling, with the tempest on the stormy banks of Newfoundland and even were plunging to their
death in the yeasty waves. ¦ : " " -.-,..
Fellow-men, all of our "American Heroes do, not get prize money, nor their widows pen
sions, nor do the taxpayers build for them monuments.
THE GLOUCESTER FISHERMEN.
THE RUSSIAN PERIL.
" ' ' ' ' -'- ¦' * ' iSliilll ; '' i -' ;
WHILE attacked by nihilism Russia has, to a degree, enjoyed the sympathy of the world.
The unreasoning murder of Czars and the assassinations by poison, bombs and blowing
up railway trains were abhorred by millions of men who' would instantly applaud an open
revolution against the government which these covert crimes sought to destroy.
Assassination has never weakened the Russian- autocracy. It has remained as solid, as
remorseless and as cruel as ever. Its description as a scepter that ends with a scimiter and a cross
that ends with a knout has been amply justified. Half oriental and the other half a survival of
northern savagery, it has defied dagger, bomb and poison.
Now, however, it is threatened by a new peril. The Russian students, teachers and pro
fessors are in revolt. In all the large cities they are making stormy protest against the suppres
sion of Russian manhood and womanhood. The seed planted by Tolstoi is sprouting. In vain the
holy synod excommunicates him and consigns him to torment, unblessed by the* sacraments. Thou
sands of students and teachers have assembled in protest against -the conditions they have out
grown. The savage Cossacks have' ridden them down, have cut open the faces of girls with their
whips, and have killed all sexes and ages without discrimination. The world looks on, aware that
Russian power is at war with Russian intelligence. • The Muscovite empire is engaged in trying to
beat out its own brains, for when all who stand in protest are killed, Russia will have left her ex- &
serfs and her holy synod and her Cossacks, who pay their taxes by killing, and satisfy their hot
Scythian blood by overpaying when they can. • ,
The students fight with sticks now, and the Cossacks with rifles, swords and thongs. : But
when thctables. turn and the people have arms, the result may be different. ' :
The struggle is one of mad desperation. It is a protest sure to end in martyrdom of .those
who make it. In all the history of the struggle of man for his heritage of freedom . no" campaign
has seemed so hopeless and the hope as forlorn as that led to-day by the cultivated brains of
Russia. The empire makes no compromise, omits no cruelty, softens no blow. While the young
life of the rest of Europe, and conspicuously that of America, is peacefully training in honor for a
high part in the future, building the fairy castles touched into form by the noble ambitions
of youth, the young life of Russia, inspired by the same ambitions, illuminated by the same lamp
of learning, swelling with the same great hopes, is being tramped out in the muddy and blood mixed
snow of the streets.
It is a pitiful and savage spectacle, but it is v not in vain. These fair-faced boys and girls,
who are ridden down by the bearded troopers from the Don, nre not the lurking and sinister assas
sins born of nihilism. They are the best and bravest blood of their race. Every student in the
schools and universities of the free lands of the world looks upon their martyrdom and makes his
quiet oath against the power that slays them. . •
Human thought is the force that causes power wrongly used to wither like the grass that is
cast into the oven. Thought is a magician, and some day the combined best thought of the world
will stand upon the heights and lift its hands, and Russia's autocracy will perish and fall away.
Then out of the snows will spring the seed planted by the blood of these young martyrs, and the
whip of the Cossack will fall from his hand and the jeweled crux of the holy synod will, crumble,
and man will enter into his heritage of freedom, and woman will sing the songs of liberty, and no
man shall cut her lip with a whip. . / - .'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and publie men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
comery su telephone Mala IMi «
A nice present for Eaater— Townsend's
California glace fruits, in -splendid flre
etched boxes, 60c lb. 639 Palace Hotel. • .
Choice California glace apricots, cher
ries, pears, plums, nectarines, figs "and
oranges; Townsend's. •
Easter chocolate cream and fancy
colored cream eggs, basket* of eggs, etc
Townsend's. ¦ »
Choice Candles. Townsend's, 639 Mar
ket St., Palace Hotel. •
Special low rates by express; Town.
send's. •
CaL elace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
P-Nut crisps and taffy at Townsend's. •
CATJFOBNIAUS IN NEW Y0EK.
NEW TOItK. March 30.— The following
Callfornians are In New York: From San
Francisco— C. L. Bradley is at the St
Denis, G. F. Eberhard Is at the Imperial,
Mrs. E. H. Palmer Is at the Holland'
Mrs. T. Mead is at the St. Denis, Mrs.'
Bender Is at the Manhattan, Miss O. Wv
Dean Is at the Netherlands, H. Low is at
the Cadillac
From Los Angeles— C. E. Hunger is at
the Park Avenue. •
OK the admitted failures of the
late William Shakespeare, play
wright and manager, "Cymbe
line." from the point of view of
construction, is undoubtedly the
worst. Yet nobody cares anything about
this, except an occasional actress, who
would like to present the beautiful char
acter of Imogene. but who cannot effec
tively do so on account of the crudeness
and carelessness with which are thrown
together those scenes In which she does
not appear.
For otherwise is it with Master Wil
liam's other great failure— the character
of Julius Caesar. This is a subject of in
terest end of regret to everybody; of in
terest on account of the Intrinsic great
ness of the man; of regret on account of
¦what Shakespeare might have accom
plished with this character if he had not
been too lazy (?) to work it out.
The world has been waiting now exactly
£00 years for some dramatist to come
along and atone to Caesar for Injury done
him when, with malice prepense, he was
pitched upon the stage of the Globe Thea
ter as a mere foil to Brutus. The world
waits no longer In vain. In the fullnebs
cf time there has been given unto us
George Bernard Shaw, who claims, not
¦without reason, that In his "Caesar and
Clecpatra" (Stone, Chicago), he has for
the rirst time put upon the stage a reason
able, lifelike and credible representation
of the foremost man of all time.
"Shakespeare," eays Mr. Shaw, "who
knew human weakness so well, never
knew human etrength of the Caesarian
type. His Caesar is an admitted failuio;
his Lear is a masterpiece. The tragedy of
«^=illus!on and doubt, of the agonized
struggle *cr a foothold on the quicksand
inade by en acute observation striving to
verify its vain attribution of morality and
reipectabl^ty to nature, of the falthle«s
trt'l and the keen eyes that the faithless
will is too weak to blind; all this will give
you a Hamlet cr a Macbeth, and vr'a
you ffreat applause from literary gentle
men, but it will net give you a Julius
Caesar. Caesar was not in Shakespeare,
nor in the epoch now fast waning, which
fce inaugurated. It cost Caesar no pang
to write Caesar down for the mere pur
pose cf writing Brutus up."
All of this is so admirable and 6O Ir
refutable as to make one regret that Mr.
Shaw, with a modesty unusual for him,
enould have queried that section of his
preface from which it is taken— the sec
tion entitled "Better Than Shakespeare."
Turning now to the notes in the play,
•we learn how Mr. Shaw determined the
character of his hero before setting him
forth dramatically. Four negative hy
potheses had first to be considered and
rejected. Kirst. was Caesar nothing
more than the personality revealed in his
books? No, because the style is NOT the
man except in the case of authors who
are born with literary genius and who
have attained to perfect self-expression
by long practice. Caesar was not of this
class; he had no innate literary gift and
was an amateur in style. It would be
a mistake, therefore, to represent him as
his books show him, "A man of great
common sense and good taste," as the
average Bnglishman would say— which
being Interpreted into Shawese. reads
•'without originality or moral courage."
Second— Was Caesar a man of small mil
itary capacity, great, like Cromwell, only
by comparison, because he was never op
posed by any really capable general?
Very likely, and If Caesar's alleged great
ness rested only on his military exploits,
it would be but a little greatness. "But
Cueear's victories were only advertise
ments for an eminence that would never
have become popular without them."
Caesar, unlike Nelson (and. it might have
been added, Wellington) was greater off
the battlefield than on it.
Third— Was Caesar, perhaps, nothing
b'Jt a Nelson and a Gladstone combined—
•'a prodigality of vitality without any.
epecial quality of mind — nay, with Ideas
that were worn out before he was born,
as Nelson's and Gladstone's were." All
the stories cited of Caesar's private life
eeem to negative this assumption and to
show that it is safe to predicate of Caesar
true originality.
Fourth— Is it correct to Ceny to Caesar
a sense of hutaor? There Is no more rea
eon to suppose he was lacking in this
than to suppose he was deaf or blind.
¦His famous "What, you, too, Brutus?"
prove him (Shawlstlcally) to have been
an Incorrigible comedian, and his so
called ambition was rather a light-hearted
desire for exploration— Columbus, not
Honry V.
Positively. -then, Caesar was original —
that is, great. And in what does great
ness consist? Here is the answer: "Hav
ing virtue, he has no need of goodness. He
is neither forgiving, frank nor generous,
because a man who is too great to resent
has nothing to forgive; a man who says
things that other people are afraid to say
need be no more feared than Bismarck
was; and there is no generosity in giving
things you do not want to people of whom
you intend to make use."
Here, then,. you have the Shaw Caesar,
and a very good Caesar, too. Cleopatra
Is entertainingly represented as a little
vixen of 18. antj. the play Is crowded with
other highly colored figures— Belzanor, the
captain of Cleopatra's guard; Ftatateeta
(whose name Caesar can never pro
nounce), the Queen's nurse, a murderess;
Theodotus, the pedant, who values a li
brary more than a man; Pothinus, a poli
tician; Apollodorus, the Sicilian shopkeep
er and Patrician patron of fine art; Ruflo.
Caesar's favorite lieutenant; Britannus,
Caesar's secretary, a delicious satire on
the English philistlne of to-Aay, whose
traits are in him foreshadowed. • • •
If a play of brilliancy equal to this were
TiTitten to-day by a Frenchman or a Ger
man the theaters of Paris or Berlin would
be competing for a chance to produce it.
But London seems satisfied with foolish
melodramas about Nell Gwyn and the
broken pieces thrown out from Sardou's
carpenter shop.
A 6lngle extract, from the climax of the
third act, must serve to give an idea of
the amusing incidents with which the play
is filled. Caesar and his friends are be
sieged in the lighthouse of Alexandria by
the Egyptians; their only chance for
safety is to reach their fleet in the har
bor.
Caesar (gravely)— Cleopatra, when that
trumpet sounds we must take every man
bis life in his hand and throw it in the
face of death. And of my soldiers who
have trusted me there is not one whoso
hand I shall not hold more sacred than
your head. (Cleopatra is overwhelmed.
Her eyes fill with tears.) -Apollodorus,
you must take her back to the palace.
Apollodorus— Am I a dolphin, Caesar, to
cross the seas with young ladies on my
back? aiy boat Is sunk; all yours arc
either at the barricade or have returned
to the .city. I will hail one if I can; that
is all I can do. (He goes back to the cause
way.)
Cleopatra (struggling with her tears)— It
does not matter. I will not go back. No
body cares- for me.
Caesar — Cleopatra
Cleopatra— Tou want roe to be killed.
Caesar (still . more gravely)— My poor
child; your life matters little here to any
one bet yourself. (She gives way alto
gether at this, casting herself down on the
i&ggota weeping. Suddenly a great tumult
Is heard In the distance, buclnas and
trumpets sounding through a storm of
shouting. Britannua rushes to the para
pet and looks along the mole. Caesar and
Rufio turn to one another with Quick In
telligence.)
Caesar— Come, Ruflo.
Cleopatra (scrambling to her knees and
clinging: to him)— No. no. Do not leave
me, Caesar. (He snatches his skirt from
her clutch.) Oh!
Britannus (from the parapet)— Caesar,
we are cut off. The Egyptians have land
ed from the west harbor between us and
the barricade!
Rufio (running- to see)— Curses! It la
true. We are caught like rats In a trap.
Caesar (ruthfully)— Ruflo! Rufio! My
men at the barricade are between the sea
party and the shore party! I have mur
dered them.
Rufio (coming back from the parapet to
Caesar's right hand)— Ah, that comes of
fooling with this girl here,
Apollodorus (coming up quickly from the
causeway)— Look over the parapet, Cae
sar.
Caesar— We have looked, my friend. We
must defend ourselves here.
Apollodorus— I have thrown the ladder
Into the sea.' They cannot get in without
it.
Rufio— Ay; and we cannot get out. Have
you thought of that?
Apollodorus— Not get out? Why not?
You have ships in the east harbor.
Britannus (hopefully at the parapet)—
The Rhodian galleys are standing In
toward us already. (Caesar quickly joins
Britannus at the parapet.)
Rufio (to Apollodorus impatiently)— And
by what road are wa to walk to the
leys, pray?
Apollodorus (with gav. defiant rhetoric^
—By the road that leads everywhere— the
diamond path of the sun and moon. Have
you never seen the child's shadow play
"The BrokenfBridge?" "Ducks and geese
with ease get over" — eh? (He throws
away his cloak and cap acd binds els
sword on his back.)
Rnfio— What are you talking about?
Apollodorus— I will show you. (Calling
to Britannus) * How far is the nearest
galley?
Britannus— Fifty fathom.
Caesar— No, no; they arp farther oft
than they seem in this clear air to your
British eyes. Nearly a quarter of a milt,
Apollodorus.
Apollodorus — Good. Defend yourselves
here until I send you a boat from that
galley.
Rufio — Have you wings, perhaps?
Apollodorus — 'Water w.ngs. soldier. Be
hold!
(He runs up the steps between Caesar
and Britannus to the coping of the para
pet, springs into the air and plunges head
foremost into the sea.
Caesar (like a schoolboy, wildly excited)
—Bravo! bravo! (Throwing off his cloak.)
By Jupiter! I will do that. too.
Ruflo (seizing him)— You are mad. Tea
shall not.' •
Caesar— Why not? Can I not swim as
well as he? •
Rufio (frantic)— Can an old fool dive and
swim like a young one? He is twenty- five
and you are fifty.
Caesar • (breaking loose from Ruflo)—
O1(J!!!
Britannus (shocked)— Ruflo. you forget
yourself.
Caesar— I will race you to the galley for
a week's pay, Father Ruflo.
Cleopatra— But me! me!! me!!! What
is to become of me?
Caesar— I will carry you on my back to
the galley like a dolphin.
Ruflo— When you see me rise to the sur
fae*, throw her in; I will answer for her.
And then in with you after her, both of
you.
Cleopatra— No, no, NO. I shall be
drowned.
Britannus — Caesar, I am a man and a
Briton, not a fish. I must have a boat. I
cannot swim.
Cleopatra— Neither can I.
Caegar (to Britannus)— Stay here, then;
alor.e, until I recapture the lighthouse;
I will not forget you. . Now, Ruflo.
• Rufio— You have made up your mind to
this folly?
Caesar— The Egyptians have made it up
for me. What else is there to do? And
"mind where you Jump. I do not want to
gret your fourteen stone in the small of my
back as I come up. (He runs up the steps
and etands on the coping.)
Britannus (anxiously)— One last word.
Caesar. Do not let yourself be Eeen In
the fashionable part of Alexandria until
you have changed your clothes.
Caesar (calling over the sea)— Ho, Apol
lodoros. (He points skyward and quotes
the barcarolle): *
- The white upon the blue above—
Apollodorous (swimming In the dis
tance) :
Caesar (exultingly)— Aha! (He plunges
Into the 6ea.)
Is purple on the gTeen below
Cleopatra (running: excitedly to the
steps)— Oh, let me see. He will be
drowned. (Rufio Beizes her)— Ah, ah, ah,
ah!' (He pitches her screaming into the
sea. Rufio' and Britannus roar with
laughter).
Ruflo (looking down after her)— He has
got her. (To Britannus)— Hold the fort,
Briton. Caesar will not forget you. (He
springs off).
Britannus (running to the steps to
watch them as they swlm)-All safe,
Rufio?
Rufio (swimming') — All safe.
Caesar (swimming further off)— Taiko
refuge up there by the beacon, and pile
the fuel on the trap door, Britannus.
Britannus (calling In reply)— I will first
do so and then_ commend myself to my
country's gods. ' (A Bound of cheering
from the sea. Britannus gives full vent
to his excitement)— The boat has reached
him. Hip, hip, hip, hurrah!
ATLASES OF THE CALL HAVE BEEN SHIPPED TO THIS CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
J J^!}!L2l^?5^!^^ Manager
SUNDAY •¦» — .............:.......................... ............ .MARCH 3I.IQ9I
Publication Office. <^§||^ .......;.;...._
By L; Du Pont Syle.
IS SHAW A BETTER DRAMATIST
Than Shakespeare?
YES, AS FAR AS CAESAR GOES.
By Blanche Partington.
MME. SEMBRICH'S SICKNESS
Not Assumed, but
OF A VERY SERIOUS NATURE.
18
ASfEBTISE2IE2?Ta.
IT IS THE WAY YOU USE IT.
It's the Method Employed Which
Hakes Success or Failure.
One man with pen. Ink and paper can
produce a landscape, another man with
same pen and Ink may not be able to
write his own name legibly. It is all la
knowing how.
It is equally true In the use of medi-
cines. The same remedies we have to-day
have existed for thousands of years, but it
their existence was known the knowledge;
of how to use them was lacking.
They became valuable to tho hunum
race only when experiment and sdenco
showed the way to use them to get re-
sults. <
The grip Is an old disease with a new
name; it Is really catarrhal In character
and the usual symptoms are those o£
acute catarrh, but the old-time catarrhi
powders, salves and sprays do 'not cure Iti
neither does the application of antiseptics
through an inhaler give * anything more
than relief for a short time.
The antiseptics are all right; they wiH
kill the germs of catarrh and grip if they
are. appUed rightly, but their local appli-
cation to the nosa and throat avail lUtla
because the. germs are In tho blood and
through the" whole system.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain many*"
of these same antiseptics, that are usett
In sprays and Inhalers, but Instead of ap-
plying them to the inflamed membranea
of the nose and throat, they are takea
into the stomach and thus reach the blood,
the real seat of the disease, and drive out
the Infectious germs through the natural
channels of the bowels and kidneys.
In other words Stuart's Catarrh Tablets'
reach the cause of the mischief Instead ejg
merely local symptoms.
The remarkable success of these tablets
In curing grip, catarrh and threat and
lung troubles Is because they drive the ca-
tarrhal poison from the system and tho
nose and throat become clear of tha ex-
cessive secretion of mucus, which causes
the hawking, spitting and gagging, be-
cause the secretion la not supplied from
healthy blood.
Two years ago Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
were unknown, but to-day have b«come so
popular through positive merit that drug-
gists everywhere in the . United States,
Canada and Great Britain now sell them.
Automobile
Spectacles**
SOMETHING NEW IN ETB
TROTECTOR8.
Oculists' preacriDtlont filled." Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main IX
¦Mnty&dMv
OPTlClANS>L t rtJG&PH' CAPWRAT w.
642 Market 5t. inmrwints
uncia CHR0Mict.tBun.9tM6. CaTAICGUI Ttlll'.
BJ^wSwBjBiwii f ly***^ \<1 m ', T*r » *
tBnBXSS i v9 Q&afJ fcj *?a****5fe^
¦Pa WtwaMg k »Qk ti?| m *~ TT «^^fc
SB - *j II t ","3 EEh Km *\__^»
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY 'JLN'D WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
. modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD Jb
CO. European plan. Rooms. We to IIU day;
$5 to |8 week; ii to 120 month. Pre« batlu; ho:
and cold water every room: fire crate* in ocry
.roam; elevator runs all night.-
AD VEBTISEKTENTS. .
For All Kinds of
. Dr. Humphreys' "SeventyfSeven" cures
all kinds of Colds, be It Grip, Influenza,
Catarrh. Pains and Soreness in the Head.
Back -or Chest, Coughs, Sore Throat, Fa-
ver and prevents Pneumonia.
A Cold is usually caused by checked
circulation, known by a chill or shiver.
The us"e of "77" starts the blood coursing'
through the veins until It reaches the ex-
tremities, when the feet warm up and the
Cold is broken, while Us tonlclty sustains
the flagging energies
If it's a Cold, take "nr
At all Drug, Stores, 25c. or mailed.
. E7Pocket Manual mailed free.
Humphreyi* Homeopathlo Medicine Co., Cot.
.¦William and John fits.. New York,Cheap Bates.
$30.00 from Chicago; $47.00 from New York;
$27.60 from St. Louis; $25.00 from Missouri
River points to California vis, Santa, Fe Iloute.
Ticket* rood on tourist and , reclining . chair
cars. Excursion* leave Chicago . every Tues
day until April 30. See tha Santa Fe Ticket
Asent at 641 Market street.
Chinese Embezzlers Wanted.
"Woo Kee Wing-, 728 Commercial street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Cabanlss'
court yesterday for the arrest of Soo Hoo
Quockyim on the charge of felony em
bezzlement.- Tho defendant was the pres
ident of the Nam Ping Society, an asso
ciation for benevolent purposes, and It Is
alleged that he stole $1000 from the funds
of the society and was to leave for China.
A warrant was also procured from Judge
Cabanlss for the arrest of Wong Poo on
the charge of embezzling $49 from Jew
Quong, Til Jackson street.
Loughrey Family Troubles.
Mrs. 'Tessle Loughrey, v, hose husband,
Joseph Loughrey, manager In a glove
store at Post and Kearny streets, refused
to support her and compelled her to seek
shelter in the City Prison .Friday, ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday on
a charge of malicious mischief. 1 It ap
peared that she was ' , t.'iken. -from, the
prison and got shelter for herself "and
babe in the house of a friend, but at night
she went to her husband's house at 1119
Geary street and because he refused to
give her money sho threw a stone through
one of the windows and wan arrested. As
it was the second time she had done so
recently, the Judge convicted her, but al
lowed her to go on her own recognizance
till to-morrow, when the divorce suit in
Which she and her husband are the prin
cipals will be heard.
Appropriations for Schools.
The Board of Education filed its esti
mate of the expenses of its department
with the Auditor yesterday. The board
asks that {2,276,076 50 be set aside in the
next tax budget for Its use, divided as
follows: Salaries, $1,690,156; supplies, $132,
250; material for manual training, $2000;
new schools, $342,500; repairs, $109,170 50.
Appropriations are also asked for six new
schoolhouses, as follows: Noe Valley,
$60,000; Sunnyside. $47,500; Bergerot, $50,000;
Monroe, $25,000; Burnett, $100,000, and Sher
idan $CO,000. .
The Board of Health wants $69,300 for
salaries, $13,000 for other expenses and 111,
460 for the Twenty-sixth' street hospital
next year. It asks for a central disin
fecting station, to build and maintain
which will cost $30,000.
Sheriff Lickmann says he will require
$148,400 to run his several departments for
one year.
Wants Gottlob aa a Witness.
An application was made by Attorney
Gallagher before Judge Mogan yesterday
for a subpena to compel the attendance
of J. J. Gottlob of the Columbia Theater
as a witness when the case of Mary Mc-
Cann, alias Mary Thome, charged with
vagrancy, is called to-morrow for trial by
jury. The Judge made the- order and it
was arranged that the venire for the tales
men to try the* case would not be issued
till it was seen if the subpena was served.
Fears Botsford Hay Abscond.
A bench warrant was Issued by Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of Prank
Botsford, who is charged by A. M. Shields
of the Equitable Life Assurance Society
with felony embezzlement. On the repre
sentation of Shields, who was influenced
by tho defendant's wife's pleadings, the
Judge allowed Botsford his liberty on J20
cash ball till he rendered his decision as
to whether he should be held to answer.
Shields notified the Judge yesterday that
Botoford was making arrangements to
leave the city and asked that the bench
warrant be Issued.
Dan Dougherty, who faces the audience
frctn behind footlights at the Central The
ater, wels arrested yesterday for assault
with a Weadly weapon, to- wit: a cane. It
was used with considerable force upon
the cranium of Ferdinand Cooper, another
Thesjjian.
The assault is alleged to have taken
place sX Market and Powell streets, and
prew cut of Dougherty's lack of memory.
Cooper's ekull is said to have been frac
tured &x*d he is In a serious condition.
According to the 6tory told by Mrs.
Cooper, who applied for the warrant yes
terday roc ruing, a till collector persisted
In dunning her husband for a bill that the
latter claims he paid. He refreshed his
memory and recalled that his friend, Dan
Dougherty, was present when the coin
was pt-ssed over to his creditor. Meeting
Doug-herty Thursday he asked him to
make a statement that th»> collector was
unjust in his demands, but Dougherty's
mind was a blank on the subject.
"If vou forget your lines like you for
pet what a friend wants you to remember
you would spend all of your salary In
fines," retorted Cooper, and he wound up
by calling the man whose memory had
slipped e. cog a liar, with embellishments.
This was Doug'herty's cue, although ho
forgot to act his part that day. He waited
until the morrow, and when he met
Cooper on Market street walked up to
him and struck him several times on the
head with a heavy cajie, felling him to
the street. Then the assailant made a
hasty exit and Cooper went to a drug
store, from where he was taken to his
home. The curtain will rise on the last
act in the Police Court Monday mornlnc.
ACTOR DOUGHERTY BRINGS HIS CANE
DOWN UPON HEAD OF ACTOR COOPER
If so the Jurors will be summoned for
Tuesday afternoon.
RESTRAINING ORDER ON A MACHINE
SHOP.— United States Circuit Judge Morrow
Issued a restralnlnr order yesterday on th«
Joshua Hendy Machine "Works, enjoining- them
from selling- or acting ab agents for a certain
make of water tube boilers. The order was
lstued In a suit brought by the Baboock &
Wllcox Company for infringement of patent,
an Injunction and an accounting.
Monticello Election.
The Monticello Club held an election
last evening, the result of which was to
put James P. Booth into the presidency
and a line of congenial officers , behind
him, The election resulted as follows:
President, James P. Booth; vice president,
Louis da F. Bartlett; secretary, William M.
Magrulre; financial secretary. Louis H. Mooser;
treasurer, Curtis Hlllyer; directors— William
M. Cannon. 8. V. Coatello. W. W. McNalr and
Hull McClauehry.
Z. T. Malaby was tho opposition candi
date for secretary, but he was easily
beaten by Magulre: R. V. Whiting, J.
R. Prlngle and George Cabanlss ran for
directors, but they were beaten by tha
straight ticket.
CLEANS HER TEETH
WITH HOUGH ON" BATS
Mrs. Joseph McElroy Uses Poison
While Temporarily Insane and
Dies Soon After.
Mrs. Joseph McElroy, , an aged woman
residing at 230 Francisco .street, cleaned
her teeth with rough on • rats yesterday
afternoon and died in excruciating agony
a short time afterward. The woman had
been sick for some time, and was tem
porarily Insane when she used the poison.
It is not believed that she Intended to
end her life.
Two months ago Mrs. McElroy was sent
to Mount Zlon Hospital. She Improved
under treatment, and a few days ago her
condition was such that she was sent to
her home in charge of a nurse.
Yesterday morning Mrs. McElroy be
came delirious, and in the afternoon arose
and started to clean her teeth with a sub
stance that was contained in a small box.
The nurse had stepped from the room to
secure some medicine when her patient
took the stuff, and as soon as she re
turned she investigated and found that
tho box had been filled with rough on
rats.
Mrs. McElroy died about two hours af
terward, and her body was sent to the
Morgue.
The most Interesting sign of the times
locally connected with the development of
the California oil Industry Is the,exten
sion of the market' for the. output of the
wells which this city is affording. Fire
Marshal Towe stated yesterday that from
two to three applications are made every
week for permission to use oil fuel aa a
substitute for coal fuel. The applicants
all represent large concerns. This must
necessarily be so, for the reason that con
siderable expense is Involved in making
the change from coal to oil burning ap
paratus, and unless the volume of fuel to
be consumed is large It would not pay to
change. Fire Marshal Towe is busy con
sidering various matters connected with
the permits for location of storage tanks.
There are about eighty large concerns in
San Francisco now burning oil fuel, i Th«
number will be very largely increased by
the end of tha year. . .
In addition to the large 30,000-barrel
storage tank of the Market Street Rail
way Company, the compaify will .have six
other tanks in the city, for which nego
tiations are now going on. These will ba
smaller than the original tank.
It is reported that the Mount Diablo Oil
Company has struck oil sand which prom
ises well at a depth of 600 feet. This was
the first well to be drilled in Contra Costa
County.
Attention has been called to the fact
that the drilling of wells for oil has de
termined that there are vast quantities
of water to be reached, which may be
come valuable in the arid districts. Two
marked instances illustrative of the "ap
preciation in which this fact Is held have
just come to light. The San Jacinto Qll
Company employed an expert, who re
ported that he did not consider the pros
pects favorable for oil, but pointed out
a locality where he believed a large flow
of artesian water would be encountered.
The stockholders console themselves with
the thought that water is almost as valu
able as oil in the San Jacinto territory,
end also that the location selected ia
most favorable for the distribution of
water. . The second Instance is in the
Sunset district.
The Bakersfleld Callfornian says con
cerning that water find: "The most re
markable strike ever made In Sunset was
that made recently by the Raisin City on
the northwest quarter of 31, 32-24. The
find was water, pure in quality and ap
parently abunaant In quantity, as steady
baling for a half-day failed to lower the
level perceptibly. This is the only vein
Of water fit for drinking, as well as for
steaming and drilling, ever found in the
district, and the operators In that section
are jubilant. The Raisin City officials are
particularly gratified, as it sells at the
rate of 75 cent3 a barrel. T|ie company
will make a water well out of the hole,
and will sink another for the same pur
pose as soon as possible."
A tract of 2503 acres between Rag Gulch
and White River, In Kern County, has
been bonded by a company which will
drill there. This la in new territory.
The people of Del Norte County now
think -they have oil territory. The Del
Norte Record says:
A company has been formed to bor» and
prospect for oil near Arcata. 80 far th» only
indications are that at time* a seepage has
been observed by different persons. In tho
western part of this county oil- seepage- In
large quantities can be observed any time It
Is looked for. This Is especially true around
Lake Earl, where the writer has observed
Braall ponds entirely covered with oil, and also
in the vicinity of Point St. George. The fact
that the oil seepage Is more noticeable around
the lake may be due to the fact of Its low
position and the' loose condition of the soil
through the Band hills. However, It is there.
Another supposition that strikes us as being
reasonable Is that this region lies In line with
the oil belt that has been discovered south of.
us extending- In a northerly direction, com
mencing at the southern end of the San Joa
quin Valley and extending as far north as
Humboldt County. Whether or not the belt
continues 100 mlUa farther north Into XM
Norte is yet to be ascertained, but there are
many conditions that seem to point to the
fact that it does.
Work is progressing quietly for the es
tablishment of a new refinery In Los An
geles for the manufacture of asphaltum
from crude petroleum. Southern Califor
nia has an equipment capable of refining
100,000 barrels of oil per month, "it is be
lieved," says the Los Angeles Herald,
"that these will, within & few months, be
all running at their full capacity, taking
up the equivalent of the entire Los An
geles field."
A correspondent of the Los Angeles
Times reports that surface Indications of
oil have been discovered near the town
of Daggett, on the Santa Fe, in the desert.
Local people are organizing two com
panies.
Del Norte, L-assen and Siskiyou Coun
ty Prospectors "Interested in.
Spying Out Seepages.
i. and Shales.
Eighty Large Local Con
cerns Substitute the
New Fuel.
KING OIL BOWLS
OVER KING COAL
.Through the blundering methods of Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour, Clara Mc-
Cann, who is wanted for attempting to
blackmail Christian Smith/ Is still at
large. Last Thursday the woman was ar
rested for vagrancy, but was released on
$50 cash bail furnished by Attorney Wal
ter Gallagher. Shortly after she was re
leased from custody the head of the de
tective department happened to think that
she was wanted on the more serious
charge of blackmailing Mr. Smith and he
lost no time in detailing two of his men
to find her. '
•A'hey were Instructed to closely watch
her home and arrest her as soon as sho
appeared. In some way, presumably due
to the volubility of Seymour when tell
ing his troubles outside of. the Hall of
Justice, the woman learned that she wot)
wanted on. another charge and she kept
out of sight. Her attorney says that she
is still iu the city and declares that he
will have her in the Police- Court when
her case is called to-morrow.
According to a friend of the woman, she
was a passenger on the same car with
Seymour Friday night. .Notwithstanding
that he had seen her a number of times
he failed to recognize her. The woman,
at first, concluded to speak to him, but as
he seemed anxious to avoid her, according
to her friend*s statement, sho walked to
the other end of the car.
It Is reliably said that Miss McCann Is
daily seen in the vicinity of police head
quarters. . Since her release on bonds she
has frequently visited her attorney's of
fice, which Is only a ehqrt distance from
the Hall of Justice, and consulted him
about giving herself up, so as to not fur
ther worry the head of the detective de
partment. Learning that the woman will
appear when her case is called to-mor
row, Seymour, anxious to get even with
her for not throwing herself into tno
arms of his blundering sleuths and thus
save his reputation as a rank Imitator o"
Sherlock Holmes, has detailed two of
his men to stand at the entrance to the
Hall of Justice in the morning and place
her under arrest as soon as she appears.
mour and His Men to
Catch Her. f.
— i ¦ .
Laughs at Efforts of Sey-
— •
Will Be on. Hand In Police Court To -
Morrow to Defend Herself
Against Charge of '
McCANN WOMAN
IS STILL FREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
19
JglSCELLANEOTJS. : . . •
There's Every Reason Why the Thrifty Should Trade at
P & TTil R I P M 9 Q BIG FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING,
I Jt\ 1 I V/OiEtfll- O Cor; I6th and Mission Sts.
The facts are plain— LARGEST STOCKS— BEST ASSORTMENTS — LOWEST PRICES—
rot periodically but ALL THE TIME. Our advertisements are plain bargain facts, the illustra-
:;ons in our ads are true pictures of the article. But look at the pictures in the ads of some of
our competitors— those shamelessly exaggerated and doctored up pictures, put there publicly to
deceive you! What can you expect from such a house— truth, honesty or just dealing? Beware!
Avoid these necromancers and usurers in the Furniture business. Pass them by and come
straight to the big Mission Store— there enjoy what is truly good and truly cheap, what is ; clean
and serviceable — honest bargains for honest people.
Great Bargains This Week in ~^iTTAN V C^^
lint rAliLUn rUnNIIUKh, $^.5O Rattan Rockers- $2 ?J> $15.00 Sofid Oak Chiffonier,
525 00 P ar! or S U Hs-O,r o Wn SSfe^ "^ " fcf la^e^ra^ $|2-75
*S£SS« Siq.75 ss T ?Z R JT Rock " s - $5.50 castbrasshandl - ** —
««-«<> o , ... reduced to S25.00 So id Oak Chiffonier,
5»>.uj Par.or 5ut — M^h^^any back, $10.00 Rattan Rockers- Cfi Ctf| swell ends and double- Cia 7c
EffiSS^ q^. =n « auced to •• $6 - 50 '9_
S.|L^ k^! 5 O7^ S.0 00 Rattan Rockers- $75Q S30.00 Mahogany Chiffonier.
510.01 Parlor Armchair— , this sale w —*" French plate mirror........ c^,* 7 =
SSTLcS P^c e e at - $fi.5O si2.co Rattan R^^rs- 9 z*t*J2
VF made of best quality fine CC ZZf\
522.00 PariorDivan-N-alv reeds-reduced to q>O.3V S33.O0 Curly Brch Chiffonier,
l^l^ld back uihniBtPrM in •— wlth French plate raor- c<-% mm f\t\
l«t enT U &al4^aie Slfi.75 S4.00 Rattan Roll Arm Rocker, ror 5>25 #UU
price 1VF large, comfortable Beat CQ t?f| -~~"~
S6 00 Par or Chaxs- l3U 530.00 B rd's Eye Maple Chiffonier,
5^...^ 9 ! $3^ $1 «o Rattan Couches- $10.50
ScTcuRTAi^^
From Walzenhausen, Canton Appenzell, nrfl^^^^^^ffllft
Switzerland. 'i^if^ itttt^N
Another surplus stock of beautiful Lace Curtains^ New ' } I '" T ' ' " T
French designs — vith corded work, daintjr stitches, with - ur — . — — — —^—^
shaded cushion work— patterns that arc the' drawings f/ora ¦ ;
the best artists in Europe — an opportunity to buy these . .-'-•"-*
cv.rta.ms at a special sale and at a bargain is a rare event. . •% f^w •
NOTE— Every pair of Lace Curtains advertised is iy - I ,
63 inches wide and all are without exception the cheapest *5Sv j j j- , I I \M\tf 1
a: 3 best \-aIaes we have ever offered. fcT^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^SiMf
$ 7.50 Lace Curtains $5.25 bi^^^^^^^^^^ffilC]
"SEE 8 -5° La" Curtains $6.75 I I --\-JJJLLL£^^
THE 10.00 Lace Curtains $8.00 (N "\ m^-~~-~-~~ 0f ~ 1^
BARGAINS 12OQ j^ cc Curtains $9 50 >|^ -
tuc I SOO Lace Curtains SI 2* 00 DAVENPORT SOFA BED-An elegant Davenport In day-'
• HE *:>•<-*-» A-dLC V.urtd.in5 . . . $ I £.UU Ume .. a comfortable bed at night-come and see It.
WIMP4O\A7^ t /" • e>i a r\r\ The new Davenport sofa bed Is made In our own factory
Wll>L>UWi. I7.OO Lace Curtains ... $14.00 on the premises, equipped with our own patent device; it
w.orks like a charm; a child can operate It; any covering;
Wftn t * a ftirtnmc *1 R fifl o^ or mahogany frame; elegant and stylish; costs little more
2O.OO .Lace l_Urtains . . . * I O.UU tha n an old-fashioned bed lounge.
CARPETS—RUGS— LINOLEUM.
y— v --» IVGRATN CARPETS AT A BARGAIN! To clear racks for Incoming- aroods— a
ft 0»*Sr 4wJ larre collection of short rolls of elegant all-TO>ol Ingrains, fine extra super cotton
I a i' -JfCy 8-olys cctton chain carpets. Lowell Ingrains in choice colors and patterns, JSfX^
1 /^Vfef"^!!^ Borne of these carpeting* have sold for as high as 75c per yard— all at one3|_JC)
•x ff^T\\ WfVL prtce - >ard
/ ffiSflflvJfil W^jV " ANOTHER REMARKABLE OFFER! Velvet, moquettes and Axmlnster carpets—
/ — I Wl k*AWlCF\ asuperollneofoolors that cannot be dupllcated-they have been the <£•
/ r^/k Ac^\^ VJyP'U J U choicest of the season, worth regularly up to $1.50 per yard-special | # \}\J
< 1 l^^^NtL^j0wfes^ clearing sale price, yard
iSv _ f^T^P3fe^"g- rwTVA AND JAPANESE MATTING, HIGH GRADE JAPANESE AND NOV-
r^^^^^f^teS Sel -td cotton warps, Reversible. Joint- ELTY MATTINGS, all the unique tdeaa
'¦ &£?% \ 5?^V >> i- . le^sfrooas- the most complete- line of fancy of the East and undoubtedly the finest
<5^J Ci?5 &£3eJ^Srt'[' ,> '< checks weaves and novelty J>at-'-j/X_ mattings that are made; many exclusive
Jp <r " teras elegant colors, worth up to^^Jr patterns, linen warps and perfectly re-
~~* f Z<y-si»^%iA-4&?S[ f ' $\ «n vvd versible goods; have sold as hlgh^ —»
¦ k<&&i&Jx&S&&° 80c. >art.... ag Bpecia w price, yard, 2)c/s>C
f^*«'i?S&Z££fe^% 1500 MATTING REMNANTS— the aroum- and I '«-T^
C^S va^^r^^feng^w^r^^f^ MOQUETTE RUGS, all new designs and
H'2T. v • 3 to 6^ per yard; we will clear the colors; grand assortment, Q m
gSf j^H=zrf-" lot at lOea remnant; sale during a. m. size 36x72. worth 14.60; this CB.J.^3
* >i^-' r -^S ~~ only. eale ...—
Why ths Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow-
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
: "We aciwer the 1 INTERNAL DRUGGING TO RUIN THE
r^*"^, questions briefly. If STOMACH. The St. James treatment is
jJ^C.-^ «c ;: ]V you cut an artery local, direct and positive.
/ !n your arm you do The St. James treatment is prepared In
/ Vt^Xm not take Internal the form of Crayons, very narrow,
{•V. &L2^»53 marine to ftop the smooth, flexible and •wholly soluble, which
x ** *w7?cf2J now of bloor]. YOU are lrs-erted Into the water passapo at
C_-\ •**? « ViSaS T.'SE LOCAL AP- ni^ht. where they dissolre and deposit tho
Tj 1 itikZ/ftar- PLICATIONS. Blm- medication In its full etrensth upon the
r* V llarly when the ur«- Prostate Gland, contracting nndBtrenffth-
Vw-.#" Vk tbral <Sucts become enlne th» duetn and FOREVER STOP-
weakened and re- PINO DRAINS AND • EMISSIONS aod
'axed It is rldlcu- curiac whlla the patient sleeps.
*7~JU2LS7£-zjr leus to take Inter- __ . ,
11 r~ nal treatment. VaHCOCele.
which must pass through tb« stomach w •
and urine /before it reaches the seat of Varieoerfe is an accumulation of slujr-
<!lsea«e The seminal ducts project into irleh blood in the vrtns of the scrotum,
the urethral canal through the Prostate due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
$.and. and are easily reached by LOCAL has Us orltfn In a «"•«* , 5°* <°T|W
T'FATMENT Prostate Gland. Operations In this dls-
r>r Carter's "Gran-Solvenf soluble ease are only temporary, and no me-'
Boutt*. W1U «I»olv,. digest and forever chanlc^ device ha 8] cured
rcm0^ e Prostate and restores healthy circulation.
TTr>nt Viral Varlcoeele disappears and ths slugttfsh
UrciLnrtil OLIlCLUItJ accumulation is replaced by pure.
In 15 days, without pain, injury or Incon- ne«lthy red blood. ?j # .» m L # « ¦ _L V
vr-nlence. The bougies are Inserted at Thousands of ™" ***<*£*?• J**?*:
niBht and act trhile you Bleep. "Gran- wartlnK and fW™*™*"™*^ ?£$
Solvent" removes every symptom of stric- restored by theFt. JawM .I?"", 0 ,", '"*
ture. leaving the canal as healthy as when year. A vast army of men, 1 " J**?™ }. ?*
nature formed It. No BRUTAL CUT- fipht of life has penetrated the '«arful
TINO OR DILATING. NO INJECTIONS nlpbtmare of stricture and aemlnal de-
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE. NO cay.
Space win not permit a' complete description ofthe'incompar- PBB MMk BB ESsi
able SU James Treatment in urethral diseases. Every ¦"£ e '? r f H B H 0
frcm Btrtcture and Its offsprln?. Prostatltis and fe^n*! V 6a^:B lU' Bn Pu
nets should write to the fit. James Association. 2n0 St. James Bg OK H (gH
Bldg.. Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful illustrated work show- W~ BQ H 3
Xns the parts of the human system Involved in Tirethral all- a » M e
rntnt*. which they will send securely wrapped in plain package, g g KB KB
prepaid •
St. James Assn., 250 St^James EJ|ock, Cincinnati, O.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"referees'
Auction Sale!
BUSINESSJPROPERTY
Cor. 3rd and Mission Sts*
Cor. Bush and Belden.
Sutter, Near Grant Ave.
Belonging to Heirs of
MATTHEW CROOKS.
THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1901
ATiaO'CLOCK NOON.
t Auction Rooms of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery Street*-
8. EL CORNER MISSION AKT> THIRD ST9.
— «3 feet on Third sc by 77:« fe«t on MI»»Jon
at.; solid 4-story and baaement brick building,
containing 3 stores on ground floor, renting for
1350 per month to one tenant, and 3 floors abov*
of SO room*, renting for $110 per month; and
assessed for S32.&00; Improvements, $15,000.
AN ELEXJAJTT LOCATION ON SUTTER ST..
BETWEEN GRANT AVE. AND STOCKTON
ST.— Premises sow occupied aa a wood and
coal yard; ground rent $50 per month. lAnd
assessed for {20.C00.
N. E. CORNER BUSH AND BEU5EN
BTS.. BETWEEN KEAKXT AND MONT-
GOMERY STS.— Brick Improvements; renting
for 1305 per month. Land assessed J18.K0; Im-
provements. $2700.
For farther particulars apply to
f JOHN T. HAKME3.
_ C8 Market St.
Referees: "M3. H. TTMBSEN.
14 Montgomery St.
P. J. StTLUVAN.
t Parrott Building.
OIL -WATER.
W. W. M0NT16UE & CO.,
MANtTFACTURS . ;
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELL8. FOR IRRIGATION. FOB
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
FOH OU4, FOR WATER. FOR CTANIDH
PLANTS.
BAN FRANCISCO.
WBBHDV
Directory
miOlim
fieputable
& OIL**
Companies:
; : — ¦„ — e
California Fortune Oil Co*
SO acres Sunset. U acres McKlttrlck. 130 acrt*
In Coalinr*. Now drtlllnx In Sudul Limited
amount of stock at 60c Information and pros
pectus furnished on application to EL DEN-
ICKE. Secreury. room tU Parrott bldg. B. F.
COLUSA
CONSOLIDATED
OIL and REFINING
COMPANY
Owns 4414 acres S miles west of Arfcuckle,
Colusa County. In. the heart of the oil district.
Paraffin* base oil. Limited amount of stock
at SOc. SO. COO shares sold In 10 days. Informa-
tion and prospectus furnished. Offlc*
630 MARKET ST., San Francisco,
Famoso OH & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT— Well
No. 1. pumping over (00 barrels dally, rated
the "King" well of the district. No. I will
be finished by tha 10th of April— 10.000 shares
left at SO cents. Order by mall. 73 cents
after April 10. 833 Parrott building. B. F.
Investors' Assured Stock
la a company owning- producing- well.
20c Per Share.
Write or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 4T1 Parrott Building.,
NAPA AND BERRTESSA VAXiET OH,
COMPANT-Controis 1000 acres of U. 8. patent-
ed land in Napa County where the finest lubri-
cating etl in California, is found: stock at K>
cents: prospectus furnished. 679 and 671 Parrott
building, San Francisco. .
SAUNAS OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
1SS0 ACRES IN MONTERET COUNTT.
Well down 300 feet; small amount of treasury
stock at 15c per share. Prospectus and nip
and information on application. J. B. OLSSN.
Secretary. (74 Parrott building. Ban Frudsco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands la heart of McKlttrlck District, ad-
joining large producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and Information tar.
nlahed at room (OS Safe Deposit Building, t£3
Montgomery St.
THE WELLINGTON
• OF SUNSET-PROVEN OIL LAND. 9K2*
Controls 440 acres. Are drtlliac Some stoeV
la belns sold at SOc per sharew Information aadl
prospectus furnished on application. No. K
Second Floor. Mills Building. San Francisco.
0B. CHtCMtTYTTfrS CHQUSM
pCTMVggyftV^LLS
1*it»«l Pa—ersM S.b.Ut.Uo-. a>4 IsUto.
QTJf TQTT17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
£>XlU OJLLJuO •"• bootbtacJcs. bmth-
T-. "~7~ houses. bUllard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maken. canners.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors,. eta.
BUCHANAN BROS.
I Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
, AD VEBTISEMENT3. •
I
in
mbt tJW. tiJ KS '
IF
YOU
ARE
READ
THIS.
Encinal
\/XJJ
Company
Has 40 acres o!
land in the won-
derful Kern Diver
OilDistricUocated
in the famous Sec-
tion 8-29-28 ** «* «.
««»«»•» • » > « >«»>•» » • > > .
This tract is adjacent to
the oil spur of the S. P. Rail-
road and close by the mam-
moth plants of the Stand-
ard and Union companies.
All of the companies adjoin-
ing them on the north, cast,
south and west, in the same
section, are in oiL
WE HAVE JUST CON-
TRACTED FOR OUR
FIRST TWO WELLS and
will offer for sale for one
week only 10,000 shares of
the treasury stock of this
company at 25 cents per
share. The price will be ad-
vanced as the development
work progresses. .
. •• T
The officers of the Enci-
nal Oil Company are:
CHARLES S. NEAL
(Manager of the estate of
the late James G. Fair),
President.
THOS. G. CROTHERS,
of Crothers & Crothers, At-
torneys/Mills Bldg,
Vice President & Treasurer
H. P. NOWELL,
Secretary.
'JAMES McCAW,
Director.
R. E. RUSSELL,
:j Director. .;
If you .wish to buy stock
in a 'company controlled by
representative .business men,
with whom you are ac-
quainted and who are well
known in financial circles,
DONrr LET THIS OP-
PORTUNITY PASS, but
call at the company's office,
Room 17, Crocker building,
.San Francisco, and if you
can't call, address
S.F.ALLEN,
at same office, and full par-
ticulars will be furnished.
r '^^^-^
"THE 'Lorna Doone 1 of American Fiction."— The Interior.
BV^" Eus W3t i^S Wtm ff j Ha I 9 !¦ IB Dpi tot
UH WJM |9 pS Wm i tYM e9 H ¦H Ks Bn kJI l9 CM lHffli
By IRVING BACHBLLER.
250th THOUSAND.
Never in the history of literature has any author received
such spontaneous, unanimous and sincere commendation of
contemporaries as Irving. Bacheller upon the appearance of
"Eben Holden," the most popular book* of the present day.
"A forest-scented. "You have eot into "EBEN' HOLD-
frcsh-aired, .bracinR your book a kind o{ EN is simply ador-
and wholly American / . . . . , ;
story of country and life not in literature at)lc - 1 nave not
town life."-Edmund b fQ d havft read a book in many
Clarence Stedman. v * a day by an Amen-
"I pass fe word got it there simply can author which has
H??LDEN a r - Mar- and frankly."-Wil- 6O p i ea sed me.»-
garct E. Sanj?ster. liam JDcan Howclto. Mary E. Wilkins.
tamo, gold lettered on red cloth, gilt top, $1.50.
Mr. 'BochelUr's U^ew 'Romance* "Tt'RI AND I/' win ba pub-
lished by us in the fall.
LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY, BOSTON.
¦ - ¦ ¦ -"¦"' "*,¦'-¦'-'-''¦ /: "''•¦'''•'' '• - • - .' ¦. '. . '_ . '. ____j___^_
OIIv I Frill of oil
FOLLOW the advice of JL AJJLJL P 1A
those whose prognosti- , ou np to top of wlut ta -mr
cations have ;. Proved
COrrect* "FOLLOW SUC- Arcol»,:Qold DoIIm. OccWenUl,
_ ,." Superior «nd Barrett wells. 8tock A
CeSSJ rOllOWvrne. only, *&.^ Going XMt Writ* or
— — "' ¦ . "call. ~ . ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ .' ". .,. .
JAS. R. T. MERSBON, i rO q UO is Oil Go.
637, 538, 639, 650 PARROTT BUILDING y. K x n^ n'lU'rf- «i >
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. 615 Examiner B Id g S. .T.
Memt«r of Ban Francisco Oil Exchange*. SflRH8BmESHiBE8B3BBBBEESS3To Speed the Boulevard.
SAN, RAFAEL, March 3O.-^The San Ra
fael : Board I of Trade, through President
H. ''AS Gorley/ has issued a calr to all citi
zens I of : this , community : to. be present at
the : meeting > of i the Board of Supervisors
on April 3 to urge the speedy completion
DECREASING THE FORCE
ON MABE ISLAND YARD
One Hundred and Ten Mechanics and
Laborers iose Their
Positions.
VAXiLEJO. March 30.— One hundred and
ten mechanics and laborers, embracing all
trades in the construction department,
were discharged to-day at Mare Island.
More men will be let out in the same de
partment because of lack of funds.
The Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Company,
which has the contract for building a new
dock at Mare Island, has discharged Its
men with the exception of a watchman.
Thia would indicate that there are no im
mediate prospects for a resumption of
work on the dock.
ORANGE . TBATN"S MAY
BREAZ MORE RECORDS
California Fruit , Shippers .- Contract
• for Another Fast Run on the
Northern Pacific' Road.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March , 30.— So well
pleased were ; the" shippers .of California
oranges of the Great Northern * road that
they directed ; their i representatives here
to-day to contract for other shipments,on
the" same, terms and conditions. The next
trainload of fruit will leave . Seattle April
19, and an attempt will' be, made to make
the trip ln elxty-two hours. For this pur
pose the newest and best cars available
are being gathered.*;
Lighthouses and lightships dot the coast
of Great Britain 1 at the rate of one every
fourteen mile a. , ¦¦w*=sssma»<sm!^ia!Jti i mu»ud
RELIGIONS CBA2TK
TERRORIZES "WOMEW
Long - Haired Han Accosts Fair
• Pedestrians With Biblical
Exhortations.
' LOS ANGET..ES. March 30.— An Insane
man, whose mania Is of a religious char
acter, Is terrorizing residents in the vicin
ity of Seventh and San Pedro streets. For
several days a wild-eyed, long-haired man
haB patrolled the streets in that neighbor
hood, waving his arms aloft and accost
ing those whom he met with strange cries
and questions. Last night a young woman
who left a San Pedro street car at Sev
enth street was met by the lunatic. He
rushed up to her, shouting out biblical ad
monitions. The girl took one glance at
the demented man and then quickened
her steps. He followed, shrieking: "Re
member that God so loved the world that
whosoever belie veth In him— remember,
oh, remember!" Then the woman ran at
the top of her speed. *~
The fellow has made a habit of prowling
through the streets In the neighborhood
at night, shouting at the top of his voice
and singing religious hymns: He is a
husky youth with auburn hair and wears
fajrly good clothing. The' women" of the
vicinity dread to stir from their homes
after nightfall for fear of encountering
him. He has on several occasions grabbed
their arms while indulging in his ve
hement exhortations.
Two Miners Lose Their Lives.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. March 30. — In an ac
cident at the United Verde mine , at
Jerome last night ."¦ two men were , killed
and four seriously, injured. A number of
holes had been loaded and the men were
engaged in lighting the fuse for their dis
charge.- The fuse used was too short, and
before all had been lighted- the first one
exploded. The names of the. victims could
not be learned. •
Survey for Pacific Cable.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 30.— The Do
minion Government *. steamship Quadra
left this morning. to begin the survey for
the Pacific cable.
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS, ANGELES, March 30.— Pretty,
brewn-eyed Vivienne Gedge, the 13-year
old daughter of Dr. Donald McCulloch
Gedge of 406 Sutter street, San Francisco,
to-night told The Call representative her
own story of her experience with an ab
ductor in Los Angeles on Thursday morn
ing. She virtually corroborates the facts
as heretofore published. Dr. Gedge, the
girl's father, says he is satisfied the man
is a degenerate and that his motives were
of the basest. He believes that only the
exceptional coolness and courage of his
little daughter saved her. That Dr. Gedge
did not Immediately report the matter to
the police was due to the .fact that it
could only further excite and embarrass
his child, with but small chances of cap
tuilng her abductor. The little girl re
lates her perillous experience graphically:
"I had spent the night previous at Sen
ator White's house," she said, "and was
waiting at Tenth and Main streets for a
car. It was 8:30 o'clock and I was on my
Mvay to school. . Mamma and I are spend
ing the winter here with my aunt. Mrs.
George McReynolds, 490 Solano avenue,
while our new home is being built at San
Francisco, and I am going to school. Papa
happened to be visiting us. While I was
waiting for my car a man came driving
down Main street in a buggy. When op
posite me he stopped, got out of the buggy
ami started toward me. He had a shawl
In his hand. He had a gray beard and
mustache and gray hair. He was dressed
slouchy and ¦ was not clean. He wore a
black slpucli hat. He came up behind me.
He wrapped the shawl about my orms and
whispered, 'If you scream I'll kill you.'.
"Then he lifted .me -into' the bugsry and
tied a handkerchief .about my. mouth and
one around my arms, which were tied be
hind me. He hit the horse with a whip
and we started down Tenth street. He
kept I whipping the horse until 1 1 thought
if would run away. I cried to myself, but
was afraid to cry out for fear he would
kill me. '
"When we were about a mile below the
end of the car line he stopped near a
clump of pepper trees and got out t)f the
buggy. He disappeared up a side street,
and as soon as he was out of sight I
jumped from the. buggy and ran. About
a block down the road I met a boy on a
bicycle and, seeing my aims tied and mv
mouth bandaged, , he freed me. Then'^l
ran to the car line and came home."
An examination showed the child's arms
to be bruised and swollen where they had
been bound. No trace of the abductor has
been found. • v::-
Vivienne Gedge Tells of Her
Thrilling Escape From
Her Captor.
CHILD'S COURAGE
FOILS ABDUCTOR
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN DIEGO, March 30.— Miss Minnie
Taylo, who for the past five years was
a member of the family. of Reuben Quad
ermass. a Kansas capitalist, -who resides
at Fourteenth and D streets in this city,
met death in a tragic manner this morn
ing. She was a member of a Jolly tally «ho
party driving to Lakeside for a day's out-
Ing. When near Lamasa the horses be
came slightly frightened in going down
a hill and Miss Taylo, evidently fearing
that there would be a runaway, jumped
out of the vehicle and struck on her head.
Her skull was fractured, producing con
cussion of the brain. Death was instan
taneous, according to Dr. J. C. Hearne,
who conducted the postmortem examina
tion.
The other members of the party were
Reuben Harrison, Charles Davidson,
Richard Lamar, Miss Elsie Davidson and
Miss Mabel Miller.
The accident occurred at 10:30 o'clock
in the morning, while the party was on
the outward trip. The vehicle was not
provided with a brake, making It neces
sary to use some caution in going down
hills. The strain was so great on the
harness while the descent of a hill near
Lookout ranch was being made that one
of- the holdback straps, broke, causing the
carriage to run forward against the
horses, frightening them.' As soon as
Richard Lamar, who was driving, saw
that the strap hail broken he quickly
handed the lines to Miss Miller, and. with
Reuben Harrison, jumped out to j try to
hold back the vehicle as much as pos
sible, so as to prevent it running against
the horses. They were not very success
ful, but the rig reached the bottom of
the. hill without mishap. '
It was then that Miss Taylo made her
fatal leap. While the horses were still
running at a rapid pace she arose from
her seat without a word and jumped in
an opposite direction from that in which
the rig was going. It was virtually a
dive to the ground and Miss Taylo struck
on the right side of her 'head. Members
of the party ran to where she lay and
endeavored to resuscitate her, not know
ing that life had flel. rihe did not move
a muscle, but believing mat she was only
unconscious Dr. Matthewson of Boston
and. Dr. Hammond of Spring Valley were
sent for. She was beyond their aid when
they arrived.
A postmortem examination was made
by Dr. Hearne. He found a long fracture
of the skull on the right side, extending
from, the right ear to the base of the
skull. The crack was a quarter of an Inch
wide. - . . •. .... ..
Miss Taylo . was 22 years of age. Her
body will be shipped to Howard, Kans. ,
for interment, her. parents, Mr. and Mrs.
John Taylo, being residents of that place.
San Dieg<r Young Lady
Loses Her Life While
on an Outing.I : V
LEAPS TO DEATH
FROM TALLY-HO
Mine Will Be Reopened.
GRASS VALLEY. March 20.— The Cen
tennial mine, for many years practically
an abandoned property, has been bonded
by John E. Carter, the old-time foreman
MERCED. March 30.— News was re
•ceived in this city to-day that smallpox
exists in the Dos Palos colony, thirty
miles west of here. Three cases have
been reported. The chairman of the Board
of Supervisors has been asked to call that
body togethef to determine what to do to
prevent the disease spreading and to place
a quarantine on the colony.-
Smallpox at Dos Palos.
of the Tiburon boulevard, that It may be
open to the public this summer.
STETTIN, March SO.— The twin-screw
stf*mahlp Cron Prinz Wllhelm. of 15.000
tons register, belonging to the North-Ger
man, Lloyd Steamship Company, was
launched here this morning In the pres*
ence of Crown Prince Frederick William.
of the Idaho. He will at one* put Into
place an outfit of flrst-clasa new machin
ery and begin active development. There
Is some old machinery on the groun<l m w
which Is being overhauled for Immediate
use. A stamp mill will be erected. Tha
Centennial has been worked off and j>n
since the early mining days. It mu op
erated last by Sacramento men. who al
lowed It- to revert back to H. Silvester,
but just at that time a ledge of good ora
was struck. An incline is down 650 feet.
Launching: ox a New Liner.
WORK ON TERMINAL
ROAD PROGRESSING
Surveyors Will Soon Be Laying Out
the Route From Salt Lake
Westward.
LOS ANGELES. March 30.-Work on the
California terminal of the San Pedro, Los
Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad is pro
gressing. The widening of the roadbed
between^ Los Angeles and San Pedro,
which began about ten days ago, will re
quire from thirty to forty days, so the
laying of the new heavy rails will not be
begun for nearly a month. The rails are
now on the way. The present rails are
only of fifty-six pounds weight. The ties
are on the ground and everything Is being
moved forward as fast as possible.
The surveying of the route has been
completed from this city to San Bernar
dino, and the officials of the company in
tend to begin the surveying of the route
from Bait Lake City westward immediate
ly; A party of engineers is said to be
preparing for the actual commencement
of their duties in a few days.
May Oppose a Bond Issue.
SAN JOSE, March 20.— The Republican
Good Government League to-day appoint
ed A- T. Herrmann, J. R. Lewis, W C.
Hamilton. C. W. Childs and W. E. Hazel
ton at a committee to examine all the de
partments of the city and see wJiere a
saving can be made In city expenditures
League members claim that a saving of
520.003 a year can be made over the pres
ent city administration. This move Is in
direct opposition to the proposed bond
Issue of $200,000 that is to be made. If the
committee report that a big saving can be
made by lowering salaries and dispensing
with useless employes of the city, the
league will make a fight against the
bonds.
As the murder was committed In Solano
County the prallminary examination will
probably.;be held at Dlxon and the trial
will take place at Fairfleld.
¦ . ¦ . ¦ , j
of them hurried to Davisville and reported
the affair to Constable 'Johnson, who went
over and put Woodman under arrest. The
other man found Jones holding to the
fence, and supported him until, a wagon
arrived and he was conveyed to the Hunt
House, at Davisville. • •¦*
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW XORK, March 3O.-Arthur Collins,
manager of the Drury Lane Theater, Lon
don, is at the Gllsey House. He has come
to America to -wed Miss Jett Thom of L03
Angeles. She Is a beauty— a typewriter.
Her parents are en route to New York.
Miss Thom was not at home when her
house' in Madison avenue was visited to
night by a Call representative, but her
roommate confirmed the report of her
coming marriage. Mr. Collins came here
to seek a soubrette to succeed Madge
Lessing. While hunting for an actress he
stumbled on a wife.
Miss Thom is tall, with light hair and
an unusually fresh corriDlexion. She has
been likened by some of her friends to
that type of American womankind which
has been exemplified by Charles Dana
Gibson in pen and ink sketches. She came
to visit in this city and shortly after she
met with the manager of Drury Lane.
They both found themselves irretrievably
in love with each other. It was the work
of a day to obtain the telegraphic consent
of her parents and when Mr. Collins sails
back to London next month his bride will
accompany him.
LOS ANGELES. March 30.— Catesby K.
Thom, father, of Jett .Thom, is In Santa
Monica, -where he has been living for the
past two or three months. Thom is a well
known man here and is well situated
financially. He own3 - several good pieces
of business property In the heart of the
city. He has besides several ranches. He
has been here for many years.- • .
Jett Thom recently returned from Paria.
Two of her brothers aro in business here,
and went with Battery D to the Philip
pines. _~~ -••"
Manager of London's Drury
Lane to Wed a Los
Angeles Girl.
Bpecial Dispatch to The' CalL
SUISUN, March. 80.— J. A. Woodman,
who instantly killed his wife and
wounded her. companion, - Ira M. Jones , at
DaviB ville last night, was brought to the
County Jail at i Falrfleld this morning.
Woodman wu very nervous and made a
statement to th« officers regarding the
tragedy. He said - that for some time, he
had -suspected Improper relations between
his wife and Jones. On Friday evening
he went to the home of his mother-in
law, Mrs. Briggs, and asked for his wife.
Finding she was not there, he concluded
that she had gone out with Johes. Wood
man went back to his residence and, se
curing a shotgun, went In search of the
couple. At a point about 200 yards south
of the railroad bridge near Davisville he
found his wife and Jones sitting on the
sidetrack.
At his approach Mrs. "Woodman Bald:
"Don't run tfway, Jones. Woodman will
do no harm. His threats amount to noth
ing." ' Woodman said he then opened fire
with the Intention of killing Jones. He
did not desire to kill his wife. He had
previously warned , Jones to desist from
paying attention to Mrs. Woodman.
Jones In his statement said when he saw
Woodman level his shotgun he immedi
ately placed Mrs. Woodman In front of
him, thinking the Infuriated husband
would not shoot. Mrs. Woodman was
shot through the heart and fell back into
his arms. He made a Tush for Woodman
and was shot in the shoulder. Then he
turned to escape and was shot In the back.
Jones said he had quarreled with Wood
man during: - the week. Mrs. Woodman
had called upon him Friday morning and
arranged for yesterday's meeting.
After the anootlng Woodman gave him
self up to Constable Johnson of Davls
vllle. It Is said to-night that Jones will re
cover. -•„"»•
Oareer'of Mrs. Woodman.
Mrs. Georgie Woodman was the daugh
ter of the pioneer fruit grower, G. G.
Brlggs. Her life was full of vicissitudes.
Well educated, highly accomplished,
btessed with youth, beauty and wealth,
it opened auspiciously and full of prom
ise. Her first marriage was to G B.
Reid. The union proved to be an un
happy one. After three children were
born to them they were divorced. Mrs.
Reid afterward married George Maxwell,
but their married life was of short dura
tion and they were soon divorced.
While the Maxwells lived on the vine
yard south of Woodland, and which was
at one time Mrs. Maxwell's property,
they had in their employ a man named
John Woodman. After Mrs. Maxwell's
divorce from her husband, and about four
years ago, she was married to Woodman,
and they went to live In Davisville. L.ater
they lived on the Briggs vineyard, on the
Solano side of Putah Creek, near Davis
ville, with Mrs. Woodman's mother.
For a long time both Woodman and his
wife have been dissipating a great deal.
"Woodman was Jealous of his wife. Most
of the time they have lived in hard straits
and their married life was anything but
happy,
TW or three years ago Ira Jones lo
cated in Davisville. He was unmarried
and about 30 years of age. Lately he
has been paying a good deal of attention
to Mrs. Woodman, and it is said that
they met frequently and clandestinely.
Woodman warned Jones to keep away
from his wife and threatened to kill him.
Jones treated the threat lightly, but the
people of Davisville were- not surprised
when they heard of the tragedy..
Weepp Over His Dead Wife.
After the shooting last evening when
"Woodman discovered that "he -had killed
his wife he knelt beside her. held her head
in his arms and covered her face with
kisses. He wept bitterly and protested
that he did no: intend to kill her, but that
he only wanted the life of the man who
came between him and the woman he
loved.\
Two men, evidently tramps, were in ear
shot of the tragedy when it occurred. One
SEEKS ACTRESS
FINDS A BRIDE
The unfortunate woman leaves an aged
mother, whose head -was already bowed
with age and more sorrow than usually
falls to the lot of mortals here below. She
also leaves three ¦ children, one daughter
and two sons. One son, Gregg-, is a grown
man. The daughter, Ethel, is probably 17,
and the youngest son, Laurence, about 15.
The Solano County Coroner will hold an
inquest over the body of Mrs. Woodman
at Davisville on Tuesday.
Sgecial Dispatch to The CalL
SAN LUCAS, March 3O.-That the ex
citement created, through the striking of
an oil .vein in the Tom Boy well, located
on the Georee J>udley farm, two miles
west of San Ardo, has spread. throughout
this entire section goes without saying.
To use a common . expression, the people
are simply "oil crazy." And they have
cause to be elated, for all Southern Monte
rey County is already feeling the effects
of the boom. Representatives of bigr oil
companies. Including the Standard, have
opened offices in San Ardo and are buying
up every available inch of oil land. Resi
dents who for years have not jingled any
thing larger than silver pieces in their
pockets are now. exhibiting handfuls of
double eagles, the proceeds of leases and
options that they have disposed of to capi
talists who have rushed in to get a por
tion of the land. What adds confidence
to the experts Is the fact that the Tom
Boy is practically the first company whose
drill has penetrated to a depth of more
than x*~m feet. It is argued that If the
pioneer has achieved such quick success,
there must be an inexhaustible supply or
oil underlying this region, which needs
only the touch of the drill to bring- It to
the surface.
The Call correspondent yesterday vis
ited the oil fields around San Ardo. The
first place stopped at was the oil well of
the San Ardo Consolidated Oil Company
on the Brandensteln place, three mile*
from San Ardo. The drillers were remov
ing the casing from this well to drill far
ther up the slone. They had penetrated
to a depth of 1300 feet. There Is some
thing- mysterious in this move of the com
pany, as it Is known it had splendid oil
indications and work on the well was pro
ceeding satisfactorily; indeed, the belief 1b
prevalent at San Ardo that the company
has struck oil and is keeping its pood for
tune quiet while it proceeds to develop a
new location. The well was started last
July. ' y '
'The Tom Boy well, of course. Is the cen
ter of attraction. This well la now 12S0
feet deep, going through what the expert
believes to be the last layer of sand. Al
ready the oil exudes through this layer
when pumped. The plain fact Is that the
Tom- Boy Company has oil, but no gusher.
Mr. Canfield, the expert on the ground,
believes the Tom Boy will prove to be a
rie~ Well.
Besides the Tom Boy, work on the San
Antonio and Normal wells Is being push
ed night and day. The secrecy that sur
rounds these wells, while mystifying, is
satisfactory evidence to the people of San
Ardo that the prospects are bright.
Below San Ardo, at Bradley, the rall
roau yards are covered with derricks and
casing pipes and all the paraphernalia
connected with oil wells. Between San
Lucas and San Miguel there are at pres
ent ten wells being drilled.
Fanners Heap a Golden Harvest as
a Result of the Strike Hade
by the Tom Boy Com-
Agents of Big Oil Compan
ies Are Active at San
Ardo. .
RUSHING T0 BUY
MONTEREY LAND
STORY OF DOMESTIC STRIFE
BACK OF DAVISVILLE TRAGEDY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
Wanted at Stockton.
SAN JOSE, March 30.— Thomas Houli
han, wanted in Stockton for felony embez
zlement, was lodged In the County - Jail
here to-day while being taken back to the
Slough City In the custody of Deputy
Sheriff Smith. Houlihan had been en
gaged , on March 19 by George Compo
donlco, a rancher of Union Island, to de
liver, some hogs in Stockton. While on
the way home he sold a mule belonging
to, his employer for- J50. A horse .was
turned loose and the wagon and harness
left In the middle of the road a few. miles
from Stockton. ¦¦„ Houlihan then fled. -He
was arrested yesterday at Kings City.
Holds Office Only Eight Days.
GRASS VALLEY, Marf 30.— H. A.
Fairbanks, who '; eight days ago assumed
the office of district deputy Internal reve
nue collector for Nevada. Sierra. . Plumas
Modoc and Lassen counties, must give up
the position on April 1, owing to the war
revenue reduction law enacted by Con
gress. Special Deputy H.D. Walker was
here only a week ago to coach Fairbanks
as to his duties, and since that time Fair
banks has received flattering commenda
tions from Collector Bell ar Sacramento.
20
ADVEBTZSSZCBNTS.
PERSONAL
A College, Chartered Under State
Laws, With a Capi'al of $130,-
000, for tha Purpose of -Teach-
ing Personal MagneMsm and
. Hypnotism by Correspondence,
EVERYBODY MAY NOW LEARN
Ten Thousand Copies of a Valuable
Work on These Sciences to
Be Given Away to Adver-
tise the College,
The American College of Sciences of
Philadelphia, Pa., is a novel institution. It
ie chartered under State laws, with a cap-
ital of 5100,000, for the purpose of teaching
Personal ilasnetlsm, Hypnotism. Mag-
netic Healing, e*c.. by correspondence.
At an expense of over $5000 the college
has Issued a remarkable work on ihtse
sciences, 10,000 copies of which' will- be
given away absolutely free. The boolff Is
elegantly Illustrated with the most expen-
Btra engravings, and it is decidedly the
finest and most comprehensive work of
Its kind ever published. It is the product
cf the combined talent of thirty distin-
guished hypnotic specialists and scientists.
It thoroughly explains all the hidden se-
crets of Personal Magnetism, Hypnotism,
Magnetic Healing, etc. It la fuli of sur-
prising experiences and makes many
startling disclosures in regard to the use
end possibilities of this secret power.
The college absolutely guarantees that
any one can learn these sciences in a few
days at home, and use the power without
the knowledge of his most Intimate
friends.
The reporter asked for the names and
addresses -of 6ome of the pupils so that he
might communicate with them personally. .
Several hundred were offered, from which
the reporter selected eighty-four. The re-
plies received were more than sufficient to
convince the most skeptical In regard to
the wonderful benefits to be derived from i
this mighty power. There were absolutely
no failures. All had learned to make prac-
tical use of the sciences. The following
extracts are taken at random from the ;
letters for the benefit of readers:
J. H. Schreller. K12 A*on 8t.. Lacrosse. WIb..
writes: "Hypnoti«n truly reveals .the secrets
of life and the myst«rl«>« of nature. My own
father could not have convinced me of He won-
derful power if I had not actually tested It for
myself. I consider a knowledge of It inval-
uable to tbose who wlith to get the most out
cf life; to those who \ri»h to achieve success
and live up to the full measures of their pos-
sibilities."
Mra. Effl« M. 'Watson, Martln«vtne. Int..
write*: "Hypnotism opens the road to health,
happineet and prosperity. It should be studied
by everyone. I would not part with my knowl-
•dgpe of It for any amount. Th« Instructions
fcave developed within me a force of character
and ability to Influence and control people that
I did not dream I could acquire."
J. W. CSlnrer. -St. D.. Springfield. Ohio.
write*: "I have used the me'bods of hypno-
tism taught by the American Collere of Sci-
ences ln two cases of JiScult surgical opera-
tions with perfect success. It Is a complete
anesthetic and preferable to chloroform or
ether. I acquired a practical knowledge of hyp-
notism in less than three days. The book Is
grand."
Rev. T. VT. Butler. Ph. D.. Idaho City, Ida-
hr>, writes: '1 hav« cured a number of chronic
cases of rheumatism, c"yepep*ia and paralysis
of Ion? standing; have not had a single failure.
I consider a knowledge of Personal Magnetism
ir.vjcua.Ue. The book has greatly Increased
my own powers."
Dr. W. P. Kennieutt, CS9 Btat* st.. Blngfaam-
ton, N. T-. writes: "I had long suffered from
nervoue prostration and dyspepsia. My case
bafflea all medical eklll. I studied hypnotism
from the American College of Sciences, and
tried It upon myself with surprising result*.
In one week my stomach was better <h^n It
had been ln thirty years. I could eat anything
withouf the slightest distress. I can hypnotlz*
mysolf ln five minutes and sleep all night;
have hypnotized a number of others."
The first ten thousand persons who
write to the American College of Sciences
•will receive absolutely free the marvelous
book that brought success to the above ]
persons. It is Intensely interesting from
Btart to finish. It should be in every
home. If you want a copy write to-day '
to the American College of Sciences, Dept.
18 C, 415-420 Walnut street, Philadelphia,
Pa., and you will receive the book by re-
turn mall. "7i .. ; : js,:
DR. PIERGE'S ELECTRIC BELT^
- America ahead of the World in Electrical Inren- '
• ttons! Everybody knows this! Our new Body-'
' Battery. (C 6. Patent) U ttrlctly an American'
" Invention— TIIK Belt of tfce Cecturr. It sends a,
' powerful, reversible current throosa the human ,
,r>odT rvuio Hr»d to \vo\, curler Chronic and.
, Nervou \Y3*\t*% and Wfitkjies«cf Male or female'
. at !i by Maine. &o positive are we that no other <
• belt istheeaoaJcf ?* Dr. «erce'«," that we win send •
? !'. in APl'Uot Al, lor comparison with any beit '
¦ now sold In America. " Seeing Is BellaTing.** |
\ JTOTE.— We nerer send belts **Qn TrisJ," there-'
. tore in ordf rlaf "Dr. Pieroe's" no risk u mn of •
¦ contracting » 1. 1« i»l»e*«r or other disorders by •
• aslnff an appliance pr».»l«»«lT worn b» «th«-r"
¦«»>«¦«¦ CaU,ors«ndate.stampfornew "Booklet'
; So. I." Address: PIEBCK KLKOTRIC CO. \
, 1 14S nro»<tvrar, (near Uih hi.) »w York, . i
• Or 620 Market Street. San Francisco. • i
ca. iroffo woo tea ikd ezxb sanitarium.
76.-7M CLAT STRIET.
/J^^W Ban Francisco. Dee, 24. 1S00.
»jbS4j^% To all whom It may concern:
J In December. 1S9J, I was taken
fee a tick with Black Typhoid Fever,
il, 9 the most virulent type known
ft. I to medical science. I had-hem-
JJ»*(5^v orrhaKes. both nasal and lntes-
_£ j(jgk^M». U«tf tlnal - *'eht of the latter occur-
7a/.^J t . k\Y lns ln one da y- D t Wont;
«#4»Hi£4<£(* Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
eician. was called, and with one dosa of hU
tea ftori.-d the flow of blood, thereby saving
tny life, -as I bad been given up by my white
phyrlclan, as well as by all my friends. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Wong Woo's
wonderful sttll he saved my life from this most
Xatal of all fevers, xlthourh I was confined to
ssy bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation ln clx months from the time I went to
bed. and now I weigh 2G2 pounds, more than X
bad ever attained previously. I would cbeer-
Xully recommend Dr. Wong Woo to any on* in
need of a first-flap* physician for any cause
whatsoever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. SIS Golden
Gate ive.. San Francisco. Cat.
SB. HALL'S B£1NY1GOBATOB|1T399
Five hundred reward for any W^^cJ^S
case we cannot cure. This secret Man EnEiH
remedy stops all losses ln 24 hours, I W
cures Emifcslons, Irnpotency, Vari- frT& ESS
rocrle. Gonorrhoea, Glpst, Fits. M*fl fF$l
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all Irhl liJiJJ
•wasting effects of Keif abuse or eS3 |23
excesses. Sent sealed. 12 bottle; S £t* B »stWqf
bottles. K: Kuarantfed to ¦cure any case. Ad-
«Jress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, £55
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10T3H
Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. - Send for free book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT KE8TORATIVE. 1NVIGOBA-
tor ar.d Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Oreans, for both sexes.
Tbe Mexican Remedy for Diseases of ths Kid-
Beys and Bladder. Bells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS * BKUKE, Agent*.
ZO Market st.. & F.— <B«c<J for Circulars.)
fast Sterling Furniture p?g
jS THREE-PIECE BED ROOM * SUITE, "jBiO.B
£j*~ Golden oak finish. It Is not richly carved or finely finished, but It is a rood 5ilj
?3ZZv substantial r.uita that is strongly made and worth much mure thau we ask for It 1. \7
V*vj The picture L» accurate aa a photograph. • XrJ
»»N The nead board of the hed is rt feet hirh. S^»
gzX ' The bureau has a beveled German plate mirror lSx3i inches. The bureau iSa
J*fj top is *0 Inche* wide and 19 inches deep. CS2
gpj li.oo additional w required on out-of-town orders to pay for crating JC|
ypi All dealers give credit to a FEW. We trust "STOIT. 7%5
rMC? We extead credit on roods advertised just as we do on every- €» A
HQ thin* else ln tn<» store. . AM
W ?« S ? C %f $ l ° 5 ° Chiffonier. $ 16*O 5£J
g« $3. down 3>1. a ween $a. down $1. • veeh «*>
*% Poor plcture-doesn't begin to Polished golden ash. ' VoJE
fye* show the real beauty of th« chair. Bowed font - every drawer ££$
irS We make these chairs on the pre- curves outward! *X
Hj: inises »nd_ J"iow that they are The cabinet work Is sood— tljat YtTj
\B*a Btrongly ntade of good materials. means drawers will not Stick €*«7
y^fg They are covered in velours (any or Jam. ¦ WTJ
*»C« color you like) a wealth of springs The top Is 31x18 Inches. TJ&
ir*£ and soft paddlnff. The chiffonier is 43 Inches h!z!» and 'jTS
3»^ Worth the pric« for looks alone- v the rrench plate mirror aVids 24 f*0
pW woi tha doliar an hour when you're Inches making the extreme height W*J
Jjflf **•*• • Juat six feet. Jfej
Jjgig Credit— with pleasure and without stint. p^
Sj| Did you see our ads last week ! We offered p
OTA RICHMOND RANGE— $5.M down and $3.00 a month £5
CTV . all aet up in your home with waterback connected CjF|
£M . Offer Is still good pS
WM Telephone YVVMFI A W\T Free Delivery £§
gg 3 V Vllli ill 1 I . nieda. Berkeley Kg
ggg^nO39 Market St. Opp. McAllfeter1gg%gS&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOING GOOD EVERYWHERE.
A Medical Discovery That Effectually
Cures Piles in Every Form.
For many years physicians have experi-
mented In vain, seeking a remedy which
would effectually enre piles and other rec-
tal troubles without resorting to a surgi-
cal operation. Many remedies were found
to elve temporary relief, but none could
be depended upon to make a lasting, sat-
isfactory cure.
Within a recent period, however, a new
remedy, tha Pyramid Pile Cure, has been
repeatedly tested ln hundreds of cases
and with highly satisfactory results.
The first effect of the Pyramid Pile Cur«
Is to Instantly remove the pain and Irrita-
tion generally present, and from that time
on the cure rapidly progresses, and before
the patient is hardly aware of it he is en-
tirely cured. The remedy seems to act 'di-
rectly on the nerves and blood vessels of
the parts affected, as It comes Into direct
contact with them and sets up a healthy
action, which In a perfectly natural way
1 brings the parts to their normal condition.
The remedy does Us work without any
pain or Inconvenience to the sufferer, and
Is Justly considered one of the most meri-
torious discoveries of modern medicine.
Piles Is one of the most annoying and
oftentimes dangerous diseases with
which humanity Is afflicted. If neglected
It frequently develops lnto-Flstuhi or some
equally fatal and incurable trouble,
whereas by ths timely use 'of this simple
but effective remedy no one need suffer a
single day from any form of piles, unless
he wants to.
The Pyramid Plla Cur« Is perfectly
harmless, containing no mineral poisons,
and Is also very reasonable ln price, cost-
Ing; but CO cents a package. It is sold in
drugstores everywhere. . The manufactur-
ers of the remedy are the Pyramid Drug
Co. of Marshall, Mich., who have placed
this excellent preparation before the pub-
lic only after giving it thorough and re-
peated testa ln the hands of reputable
physicians. The results ln hundreds of
cases have convinced us that It will not
disappoint you.
Radway's
Pills
Purely veiretabl*. mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete - absorption ana
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of tha Btom&cb.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
reratarjtlea. Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and . all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 26c a box. At Druggists, or
by mill. RAD WAT ft CO., New Tork.
DVRICITrllPn TO Af>f \ lliDH ' *TjT"^ I
-. ¦ "'¦ f " ft** * ** »-rvCrW I KALIS. \ NIAI\» ""^\ I
10 cents added to the cost of the skirt
binding adds $10.00 to the looks off
the dress.
S. H.&M. BINDINGS
cost more than inferior kinds. They are
v worth more. Durability considered,
they are the cheapest bindings made.
At all dry goods stores.
v J
ESS ADVERTISEMENTS.
fSKirtVTOfTailor \
Wai'stj ]^ I Made I
\SXore J M I \Suits J
| A Well- I
I Tailored Suit! I
Ij We have succeeded in Retting a line of some of the best. tailored, lyf
E best. .fitting suits we have ever seen among ready-made garments for l|j
f| ladies. They fit as well as made-to-order garments, they are better fcj
B made than many made-to-order suits, and cost just about half the IJ
fig price asked by the tailors. ||
B The suit illustrated above, for instance, could not b« duplicated ||
| if made to order for less than $35-C©. The fit b perfect, the cut is M
i stylish, the making is par excellence. r\
H Stitched Silk Revers. Venetian Cloth. &1*7 ffT /*\ Wt
P Flounce Skirt. Girdle Eton Jacket. Oi ( .OU. Btf
K ' Taffeta Flounce Bind. Black Only. me£
R ' This is only one of many others just as good. For instance, we Egg
U have an outing suit, in gray or tan, of all wool serge, for $17.50 M
i that is a wonderful value. .
p . WHITE "WAISTS— An exceptional value, especially made for us j 1
E —fine quality lawn, with Bishop sleeve and the new turned-over |£
tt collar— the front is finished with 6 rows of Valenciennes insertion. 11
U hemslitched and tucked — fits unusually well ci "7PZ KM
P ; Each ©••€.!> g|
|p ." GRASS LINE!? WAISTS Will be very popular this summer — | Jj
E one line shows a cluster of hemstitched tucks down the front — new Eg
K high turned-over collar and turned-back cuffs — very styl- <j»q f~r\ if
K ish and exceptionally well made Ea ch O-^»O%J K
fg COLUMBIA. GJJOVES— The standard article of the Kohlberjr. |.J
I Strauss & Frohman stores—we back these gloves by our guarantee: — fa
B they are absoluttly the best $1.00 glove on the Pacific Coast to-day— IJ
H embroidered backs, two-clasp and in every size of all the wanted gel
I shadings — for Easter we have a special lot of whites. &.* f\(\ N|
I modes, pearls and champagne color .....A Pair O'-vlU |j
I NEW ARABIAU" IjACBS — Very scarce in San Francisco, yet 1:1
I very fashionable — insertions and all-overs to match — some of the in- K2
I sertions for drawing ribbons and some are plain — these are our own fci
j importation; nothing like. them has ever been shown here-^the as- tri
I sortment is larj?e and the patterns are choice and exclusive — vou mm
M cannot afford to miss this line while planning and choosing for your KJ
I summer costume— insertions from i l A to 3 inches wide from 10c to INJ
j $1.50— all-overs. 18 inches wide, from $1.50 to 92.5^) yard. wAtho early morning tides are given ln tha left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tide*, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are ln addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the -height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean or tha lower low waters.
troops and the Kilpatrlcic Is scheduled
to sail on April 6. The Axtec. with horsc3,
and the Ohio, with troops, are to sail April
», and the Logan will take away a thou
sand men on April 15. About 2500 regulars
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-'
Times ? and • Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to "¦> San
Francisco , Bay. Published by official au
¦ thorlty of tho Superintendent. ¦ ¦
NOTE— Tha high and low waters occur at
the i city front (Mission-street • wharf) about
twenty-flv« minutes later, than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
, • Saturday, March 30.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 33 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, 72 hours from San
DIeco.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, 11 days from Guay
mas and way ports.
Stmr Kureka, Jessen. 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, • r>oran, hours from Port
land, etc. , . •
Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Lettltia, Zachary, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Queen, Nllson, 9 days from Port Gam
ble.
Schr Gem. Nilson, 68 hours from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Saturday, March 30.
Stmr Cxarina. Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Glelow, San Diego; Good
all, Pei kins & Co.
iHmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria and Port
Town3cnd; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Arab. Wills, Manila, via Honolulu;
U S Government. • •
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Chemainus; R
Dun?mulr'8 Sons .Co.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O SS Co.
Ship Kcllnse. Larsen, Chignik Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Br Ehlp Hougomont, Lowe, Queenstowji; Ep
plnter & Co* ? .'¦ ¦ ¦ • • .
Bktn Fremont,' Kelton, Unga; Lynde &
Hourh Co. . .. . „ ... .
• -SAILED. -•
Saturday, March 30.
Stmr Ponomai Von Oterendorp. Sydney and
Honolulu.
Rtmr Signal, Bendegard, .
Stmr Jennie. Esser, Cooks Inlet.
Stmr Czarina, Keaman, Seattle.
Stmr Fan Pedro. Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Point - Arena." Hansen. Mendoclno.
Stmr Noyo. Hansen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, . •
Stmr Coqullle River, Green. .
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Lark Diamond Head, Peterson. Honolulu.
TJark Levl G Burgess. Younggren. Tacoma.
Ship Santa Clara, l.lndberg. Karluk.
Schr S Danlelson, Nelson, Siuslaw River.
Schr Fanny Dutard. Rudbach. Port Blakeley.
Schr Rio Rey, Miller, Mendoclno.
POINT LOBOS. March 30, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
' *• . DOMESTIC PORTS.
! ASTORIA— Arrived March SO— Br stmr 8t
Bede, hence March 26. «
FORT BltAGG— Arrived March 30— Stmr Se
quoia, hence March 28.
SEATTLB— Sailed March 23— Br Btmr Moy
une, .for London.
Arrived March 2^— Stmr Bertha, from Valdez;
schr Ivy, hence March 17.
Sailed Feb 3C — Stmr Dlrlgo, for Skaguay.
Arrived March 30 — Stmr Bllhu Thomson,
from Tacoma. -
CASPAR— Arrived March 30— Stmr Samoa,
hence March 29.
EUREKA— Sailed March 30-Schr J G Wall,
for San Francisco. - -
Arrived March 30— Btmr Pomona, hence
March 29.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 80— Schr
Compeer, from Kahului; schr Maggie C Russ.
from Salinas Cruz.
Sailed March 80— Schr Robert R Hind, for
San Francisco; echr Alice Cooke," for Honolulu.
TACOMA— Arrived March SO— Ship Dashing
Wave, hence March 19. - • - ¦•
Arrived March 30 — Bark Carrollton, from
Honolulu. •
PORT HADLOCK-Arrived March 30-Schr
Transit, from Honolulu.
VENTURA— Arrivp<l March 30— Schr Peer
lees, from I'ort Blakeley.
COOS BAT— Arrived March 30— Stmr Empire,
hence March 26.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY-Sailcd March 29-Schr W H Smith,
for Honolulu.
MANILA— Arrived March 20— Br stmr Wye
fleld, hence Keb 20.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 27— Br ship
County of Edlnbursh, from Oregon. March
28 — Br ship Marathon, from Oregon.
HULL— In port March ' 26— Br ship Pentha
ellea, for Tyne: Br ship Glencalrd, for Tyne.
HAMBURG— In port March 16— Fr bark
Mareuhal de Turenne, for . .
GUAYAQUII.— Sailed March 12— Ger stmr
Sesostrls. for Hamburg.
IQUIQUB— Sailed March 23— Br ship Stronsa,
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed March ; 17— Br stmr
Braemar, for Tacoma.
¦ Sailed March 30— Br itmr Doric, for San
Franc.fcco. ....¦¦ . :
• ACAPULCO— Palled March 27— Br «tmr Are
qulpa, for San Francisco. ¦:• ¦
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 30— Stmr Mar
quttte, for London: " stmr La Gascogne, for
Havre: stmr Maasdam, for Rotterdam, via
Boulogne: -stmr Ktrurla, for Liverpool : stmr
Furnettfla, 'for Glasgow; stmr Pennsylvania,
for Hambunr.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March 80—
Btmr Coptic, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, fcr San Francisco; atmr Idzuml Maru,
from Seattle,* for Hongkong.
MANILA — Arrived March 30— Strar Ping
Suey, from Seattle.
PALERMO— Arrived March 30— Stmr Prinzes-
Bin Victoria Lulse, from New York, on Med
iterranean i cruise/
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 29— Stmr Bovlc,
for N*w • York. March 80— Stmr Servia, tor
New York. .
• ANTWERP— Sailed March 30— Stmr Western
land, for New York. .
• HAVRE— Sailed March 80— Stmr Champagne,
for New York. •'•^Q*W*W%B
PORTLAND, Me— Arrived March 80— Stmr
Vlconde, from Liverpool.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The steamer Gaelic cleared yesterday for
China and Japan with. a general cargo, valued
at $188,422, manifested as follows: ¦¦¦For China,
$104,054; Japan, $32,281; Manila^ f26,SS7; Indies,
$4209: Korea. $1931: Vladivostok. $19.5S0. The
following were the. principal shipments:
For China— 2700 gals • bottled beer, -3612 Its
cheese, 737 ca canned goods, 1330 lbs coffee. 100
cs cigarettes, 24 cs drugs, 1250 lbs dried fruit,
1050 bales domestics,'' 6375 bbls flour, 401 es
groceries and provisions, 10 csks ginseng. 8764
lbs ham and bacon, 60 cs liquors, 574 pies lead.
54.4SO feet lumber, 902 pkgs matting, 380 kegs
nails, 5250 lbs pearl barley, 20 cs salmon, 704 cs
soap, £34 pals wine. . .
For Japan— « pkgs agricultural Implements. 6
cs bicycle sundries. 2000 lbs butter, 4256 lba
coffee, 451 cs canned goods, 80 carwheels, 43 pks
electrical supplies, 198 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, SO bales hay, £00 lbs ham and bacon,
64 cs liquors. 1080 plgo lead, 17 rolls leather, 12
pkgs machinery. 3100 kegs nails. 5445 lbs oats.
15 cs salmon, 140,050 lbs tan. bark, 1033 gals
wine.
For Manlla-W cs blackberry brandy, 80 cs
catsup, 10 cs (rum, TOO kegs sauerkraut. 84 cs
stationery. * pkgs tools. 8 cs Balmon, 1375 cs
liquors, 60 cs photo goods, 3000 crs potatoes, 100
cs wine.
For East . Indies— 25 cs canned goods, 27 ca
marmalade, 62 pkgs traction engine.
For Korea — 169 pkgs groceries and provisions.
34 cs canned goods, 8 kegs nails, 2 oa dry goods,
6 cs hardware, 2 cs paints, 3 cs household goods.
For Vladivostok— 2200 pkgs cordage, 3 cs furni
ture, 153 pkgs agricultural implements.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The British ship Hougomont cleared yester
day. for Queenstown for orders with 87,913 ctb
wheat, valued at $91,210. and 30,000 feet lumbci
as dunnage, valued at $460.
Wheat Shipment.
paint, 13 cs photo goods. 51 pkgrs scales. 402 cs
shoes, 21 cs soar. IS cs 3654 lbs seed, 100 cs 2
bbls whisky.
For New Zealand— 13 era bicycles and sun
dries, 60 caks 50 bbls beer. , 10,317 lbs coffee, 625
cs canned goods. COO lbs chocolate, 245 pkgs car
material, .22.520 lbs' dried fruit. 21 cs drugs, 10
cs fuse, 600 lbs hops, 75 pkgs machinery, 151
cs metal polish, 75 bdls 221 rolls newspaper, 10
bbls oil, .420 cs oats, 15 bales overalls. 10 cs
photo goods. 170 pkgs ralalns, 135 cs salmon. 15
cs shoes. 57 cs whisky.- ,".j; : '.
For Samoa — 1S00 lbs bread,' 49 cs canned goods,
710 lbs dried fruit. 35 bbls flour, 34 pkgs grocer
ies and provisions, '8 cs hardware, 6 crs mlll-
M-ork, 624 Its millstuff, 36 crs school furniture,
SO cs 3 bbls salmon. 62 gals wine. 10 cs whisky.
For Tonga Islands— 3 bales overalls, 30- cs sal
rnon, 4. ska beans.
For." Cape. Town, S. A.— 200 ca salmon, BOO cs
canned fruit, 25,000 lbs dried fruit.
For Durban. 8. A.— $75 ca canned fruit. 675
cs salmon, 8750 lbs dried fruit.
PRETTILY and gracefully sliding
from the ways to her baptismal
plunge Into the waters of the bay,
the Spokane was launched just to
th<» moment last night at the Un
jrn Iron Works. It lacked but & minute
of the appointed timp— 9:27 p. m.— when
Irvir.R IL Scott cautioned Miss Maud© La
v.r.a Wads'w-orth. one of the belles of the
r.onhern cltj- from xvhlch the vessel de
rives its name, to "stand ready."
Hanging over the prow and suspended
at tne end of a long streamer of blue rlb
bon. on ¦which was printed ln letters of
fold the name of the young lady sponsor,
the date and the event, was tho tradi-
UcnaJ bottle of champagne. Attired ln a
Latest Addition to the Fleet of Coast Passenger Vessels Gracefully
Glides From the Ways at Night.
STEAMSHIP SPOKANE MAKES HER MAIDEN
PLUNGE INTO THE WATERS OF THE BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
will leave for tho Philippines between
April *1 and 15.
¦ » ¦
One year's sweepings of the British, mint
yield over $5000 in gold and silver.
"The-, chartered r steamship^ Arab took
aboard! 650- horses yesterday, and will sail
for. Manila 1 this morning. ¦< Gangway s ¦ had
been built sup- the : side • of • the ship and
down into the holds so. the horses walke-1
aboard and into their stalls just as though
they were etoinff, into their stable.
The Birford will aall ; to-morrow with
Movements of Transports.
amlnatlon disclosed the fact that his right
leg had been broken above the knee.
While the crowd was cheering at the
success of the launching Scott was direct
ing the final preparations to check the
headway of the vessel. For this purpose
a "snubbing rope" was used. While the
slack was being paid out one of the colls
caught around his leg and threw him to
the ground. The rope unwound almost as
soon as he fell and to this Is attributed
his escape from a plunge Into the bay.
There were a number of eye-witnesses
to the affair who declare that the accident
was unavoidable. All claim that the twist
in the rope which had been carefully
colled and caught Scott's leg In its em
brace twisted suddenly and ensnared him
before he could, possibly get out of tha
way.. . .
Mr. Scott was as soon as possible re
moved in an ambulance to St. Luke's
Hospital. He is the nephew of Henry T.
and Irving M. Scott and is the general
superintendent of tho Union Iron Works.
GAELIC SAILS FOE ORIENT.
Has About Fifty Cabin Passengers
Aboard and a Small Cargo.
There was not much excitement over the
sailing of th« Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company's Gaelic for Hawaii.
Japan and China yesterday. She did not
take away a full cargo and only about
fifty passengers ln the cabin. She only
made, port last Monday.' so no time was
wasted In loading: and getting her away.
Those who went out ln the cabin are:
For Yokohama— Mrs. Ia. J. Burton. J. E.
Cclter. F. E. FernaJd. Miss M. L. Haakinn,
Mrs. M. M. Kuhn, Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Nichols.
Miss B. r&sslngbam, Otis A. Poole, Mr. and
Mrs. H. T. Richardson. Miss Lena Richard
oon. Mr. and Mrs. A. Stead, V. W. Vlllinifer,
V. M. WalkerV Mr. and Mrs. A. Robert Wer
ner.
For Kobe— John Campbell.
For Nagasaki— Miss C. Tayler and maid.
For Shanghai — Alexander Campbell, Burnett
Coo<iw1n. Mrs. !«. C- Lytton. Rev. and Mrs.
J. N. Hayes 'and three children* Mr. and Mrs.
R. Ramsey. J. Samson.
For Hongkong— J. N. Boyd. !•. O. Carlton.
Mr. and Mrs. Ij. G. Clarke, G. F. Fry, Miss
Coll of "Snubbing Bope" Breaks His
Sight Leg Abov« the Knee.
Just a a the crowd was dispersing and
the Invited guests were about to leave
the stand John T. Scott was bronght from
the rear end of the ways, borne on the
shoulders of a number of workingmen.
He vu carried Into bis office and an ex-
EXTPEBINTENDENT SCOTT HT7BT
Propeller— Diameter. 12 feet. 6 Inches: pitch.
1« feet: mrfa.ee, £S square feet; 4 broote blade,
C. L hab.
Eagine*— Triple expansion: H. P. cylinder,
8^ Inches; I. P. cylinder. 4» Inches; 1^. P.
cylinder. OS Inches; stroke. 42 inches; cooling
c-jrr&ce el'h engine. 2T35 equare feet.
Boilers*- TJ.ree Babcock & Yi'ilcox boilers;
fceatin* eurfac*-, thr**- boilers. 79M square feet;
working pressure. 225 pounds.
Laenctb between perpendiculars, 270 feet;
lK^th over all, 2S1 feet. S Inches; breadth,
40 feet: depth moulded. 19 feet. 6 Inchw: depth
of bold. 1* feet 4 inches; cargo L>. W.. 1350
tons.
On Monday the vessel will be brought
alonfside the dock, there to be fitted for
her future career. As It Is Intended to
utilize her for the first class carrying
trade between the ports on the northern
Pacific Coast, the interior fittings will be
of an elaborate character. Her dimen
sions and other features axe as follows:
r.aTT bine costume, relieved witli the gtild
of California in braids and ribbons, and
supported by United States Senator Per
kins, the pendant bottle was successfully
dashed and smashed against the shapely
Iron sides of the vessel, which It Is hoped
will be one of the fastest passenger steam
ships in the Pacific Coast trade.
A lartre crowd was present at the
launching:. Every coign of vantage was
occupied around the yards. Those Inter
ested In the Pacific Coast Company, un
der whose house flag: the new steamship
will sail, and a number of Invited gruests
occupied the platform. Aa the red painted
hull struck the water a mighty roar of
cheers and a waving 1 of handkerchiefs by
the ladies were met with the hoarse toot*
of the tucs and steamers lying off the
ways. About 100 yards therefrom the ves
sel was brought to an anchor.
M- Hannon. Mr. and Mrs. V. A. C. Hawkins,
Mrs. F. Henley. Mr. and Mrs. H. Hubbell,
Mr. and Mrs. G. D. Mendel 1, Mr. and Mrs.
J. E. Nlssley, E. C. Newcooib, L. Plate. Mrs.
J. 8eale, C. Wentsel. Mr. and Mrs. H. T.
Wrfgrht.
Rev. J. N. Hays is a missionary return
ing to his field o? labors in China and
many of the others are making a trip to
the Orient for pleasure. Very few Chi
nese went away on the Gaelic and no pas
sengers will join her at Honolulu.
"Water Front Notes.
The reinsurance rate on the British ship
Ardnamurchan has asam dropped to 60
p«r cent.
Captain Boss, the diver, says he has lo'.
cated the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro
near Mile Rods ln fourteen fathoms of
water.
Seven women and children who came up
In the steerage of the Curacao from Mex
ico were refused a lanuins by the Immi
gration Commissioner yesterday. They are
without means, but say they have friends
ln San Francisco. The** will hava an
other examination to-morrow.
NEWS OP THE 0CEA2*.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The Edward May will load merchandise her«
for Honolulu: the Beechdale. wheat at Port
land for Kurope, 40a 6d, chartered prior to
arrival. ' > v ~ ¦ V :--. : ;
The Sonoma's Cargo.
\ The Oceanic Steamship Company 1 * steamer
Sonoma, which palled yesterday for Sydney and
way ports, carried a cargo of general merchan
dise, manifested as follows: For Australia
$119,597: New Zealand. $107,426: Samoa, $2060;
Tonjra Islands, f4»5; Bouth Africa, $8432. Total
value, $237,992. The cargo included the follow
ing: -_¦¦«
For Australia— 10 bbls beer, 114 cs books, 126,
28j lb» coffee, 130 cs canned groods, 4250 doors,
35,951 lbs dried fruit, 5 cs dental appliances, 87
cs dniffs, 9 en dry Roods, 14 cs electrical appli
ances, 1722 lbs hop*. 44 rolls leather. 108,266 feet
lumber, 100 pkgs 300 cs metal pollnh, 6 pkgs
machinery, 834 bdls, 484 rolls newspaper, 10
bbls oil, 450 cs oats, 27 bales- overalls, 12 rs
PACIFIC COAST COMPAJTC'S STEAMSHIP SPOKANE, WHICH WAS SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHED FROM HER
CRADLE AT TITE ONION IRON WORKS LAST NIGHT. SHE IS THE FIRST OF A NEW FLEET OF PASSEN
GER VESSELS FOR THE PACIFIC COAST.
Steamer Movement3.
21
SUNDAY, MARCH 81.
Sun -rises .....
Sun' sets .......
lloon sets .....
.;..;... :;;.;..:;....:.;... ......5:68
.............: ..;.... .6:31
• ....".......8:61 a. m.
Date
¦ i
n..:|
1 ...
2 ...
S ...
4 ...
5 ...
Time ;
3:02 1.9
S:49 1.5
4:30 1.2
'6:06 '1.0
6:38 v-0.7
6:11 \ 0.B
H "W
0:20 6.8
Time Time ':?¦ Time rf
H \v . , L «.w ~~7 h.w ¦¦¦ ,
:9:11 B.I S:20 : 0.7 10:03 6.4
10:05 5.0 4:00 '.1.0.10:38 5.4
10:54 5.0 4:82 "1.3 H:07 6.4
11:39 4.9 • 6:01 ; 1.5 11:84 6 4
12:24 4.8 '6:32 -; 1.8 11:59 6^4
-1:06 ,4.6 6:01 2.1 ...... .....
L W r-.- H W v " L<W •• '.'.
6:«8 0.4 -1:50 . 4.B 6:33 , J.4
6... I
NOTE— In i tb« I above ', «zposlUoa ; of i the : tidea
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arequipa
Mandalay..
Argo •¦
Grace Dollar...
Kvarven
Columbia...:...
Acme
Queen...
Costa Rica
Bonlta
Tellus
Pomona... ......
Mackinaw
Empire
Fulton....
Chas. D. Lane..
Pentaur.....*....
Umatllla
Washtenaw.....
Arcata
Rainier
Mariposa. ......
Corona
City of Sydney.
San Pedro
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa.....
Zealandla
Newburg. .......
Coronado.......
North Fork.....
Croscent City...
Nome City..
Eureka.
G. W. Elder....
Progreso........
Santa Barbara.
Valparaiso & "Way Pts
CoqulUe River ....'.....
Coqullle -River
San Pedro'
Nanalmo
Portland and Astoria...
Tillamook Bay
San Diego & Way Pts
Acapulco
Newport .;
Oyster Harbor
Humboldt ...:....
Seattle
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor
Seattle
Hamburg & Way Ports
Puget Sound Ports.....
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Honolulu
Newport
Panama & Way Ports
Humboldt
Point Arena
San Diego
Honolulu
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt ....;
Humboldt ......:........
Portland and " Astoria. .
Tacoma
Santa Barbara
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. SI
Mar. 31
Apr. 1
Apr; 2
Apr. 5
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. 5
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. i
Apr. J
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. f,
Apr. G
Apr. !
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Nom«Ctty....
Santa Rosa. . .
Argo
Acapulco.....
Eurfka.......
Walla Walla.
G. Dollar
Centennial....
Mandalay....
Bonlta. .'
Roanoke......
Empire.......
Pomona.......
Acme...
Columbia . . • ; .
Queen.........
March 31.
Humboldt 13 m
San Diego .......... 9 am
April .1.
Coqullle River .... '4 pm
Panama & Way,Pt Dm
Humboldt 12 m
PuKet Sound' Ports. 11 am
Grays Harbor .... 12 m
April a. .
Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am
Coqullle •< River .... «- pm
Newport' ............ 9 am
N. ¦ T. via Panama 2 pm
April 3.-. .
Coos Bay .......... 10 am
Humboldt .......... 2 pm
Tlllamook Bay ... 12 m
Astoria & j Portland 11 am
San Diego ......... 9 am
April -4.
Grays - Harbor .... E pm
Valparaiso & "Way
Coos Bay 1J m
- April B.
Newport ............ 9 am
. April 6. .
Honolulu 2 pm
Puget Sound '> Ports 11 am
Seattle & N. ."What .......
Point Arena ....:.. 2 pm
Humboldt .......... 10 am
iPler 3
Pier 11
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 9
IPler 2
i ¦ ¦ .-•--¦
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier It
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 11
Fulton. :......
¦ Arequlpa. . . . ,
Arcata...". ....
Pier —
S.W. 2
Pier 13
Corona '.'.
Pier 11
Marlrosa.....
Umatllla..V.:.
Rainier.......
Point Arena. .
San Pedro..;.
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 3
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arequipa
Mandalay..
Argo •¦
Grace Dollar...
Kvarven
Columbia...:...
Acme
Queen...
Costa Rica
Bonlta
Tellus
Pomona... ......
Mackinaw
Empire
Fulton....
Chas. D. Lane..
Pentaur.....*....
Umatllla
Washtenaw.....
Arcata
Rainier
Mariposa. ......
Corona
City of Sydney.
San Pedro
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa.....
Zealandla
Newburg. .......
Coronado.......
North Fork.....
Croscent City...
Nome City..
Eureka.
G. W. Elder....
Progreso........
Santa Barbara.
Valparaiso & "Way Pts
CoqulUe River ....'.....
Coqullle -River
San Pedro'
Nanalmo
Portland and Astoria...
Tillamook Bay
San Diego & Way Pts
Acapulco
Newport .;
Oyster Harbor
Humboldt ...:....
Seattle
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor
Seattle
Hamburg & Way Ports
Puget Sound Ports.....
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Honolulu
Newport
Panama & Way Ports
Humboldt
Point Arena
San Diego
Honolulu
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt ....;
Humboldt ......:........
Portland and " Astoria. .
Tacoma
Santa Barbara
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. 31
Mar. SI
Mar. 31
Apr. 1
Apr; 2
Apr. 5
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. 5
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. i
Apr. J
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. f,
Apr. G
Apr. !
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Nom«Ctty....
Santa Rosa. . .
Argo
Acapulco.....
Eurfka.......
Walla Walla.
G. Dollar
Centennial....
Mandalay....
Bonlta. .'
Roanoke......
Empire.......
Pomona.......
Acme...
Columbia . . • ; .
Queen.........
March 31.
Humboldt 13 m
San Diego .......... 9 am
April .1.
Coqullle River .... '4 pm
Panama & Way,Pt Dm
Humboldt 12 m
PuKet Sound' Ports. 11 am
Grays Harbor .... 12 m
April a. .
Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am
Coqullle •< River .... «- pm
Newport' ............ 9 am
N. ¦ T. via Panama 2 pm
April 3.-. .
Coos Bay .......... 10 am
Humboldt .......... 2 pm
Tlllamook Bay ... 12 m
Astoria & j Portland 11 am
San Diego ......... 9 am
April -4.
Grays - Harbor .... E pm
Valparaiso & "Way
Coos Bay 1J m
- April B.
Newport ............ 9 am
. April 6. .
Honolulu 2 pm
Puget Sound '> Ports 11 am
Seattle & N. ."What .......
Point Arena ....:.. 2 pm
Humboldt .......... 10 am
iPler 3
Pier 11
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 9
IPler 2
i ¦ ¦ .-•--¦
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier It
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 11
Fulton. :......
¦ Arequlpa. . . . ,
Arcata...". ....
Pier —
S.W. 2
Pier 13
Corona '.'.
Pier 11
Marlrosa.....
Umatllla..V.:.
Rainier.......
Point Arena. .
San Pedro..;.
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 3
SUNDAY, MARCH 81.
Sun -rises .....
Sun' sets .......
lloon sets .....
.;..;... :;;.;..:;....:.;... ......5:68
.............: ..;.... .6:31
• ....".......8:61 a. m.
Date
¦ i
n..:|
1 ...
2 ...
S ...
4 ...
5 ...
Time ;
3:02 1.9
S:49 1.5
4:30 1.2
'6:06 '1.0
6:38 v-0.7
6:11 \ 0.B
H "W
0:20 6.8
Time Time ':?¦ Time rf
H \v . , L «.w ~~7 h.w ¦¦¦ ,
:9:11 B.I S:20 : 0.7 10:03 6.4
10:05 5.0 4:00 '.1.0.10:38 5.4
10:54 5.0 4:82 "1.3 H:07 6.4
11:39 4.9 • 6:01 ; 1.5 11:84 6 4
12:24 4.8 '6:32 -; 1.8 11:59 6^4
-1:06 ,4.6 6:01 2.1 ...... .....
L W r-.- H W v " L<W •• '.'.
6:«8 0.4 -1:50 . 4.B 6:33 , J.4
6... I
NOTE— In i tb« I above ', «zposlUoa ; of i the : tidea
GOLDEN GATE
I CLOAK and SDIT HOUSE I
1 J230- 1232-1234 MARKET STREET 1
117 A CT17U I
ATTRACTIONS!) |
THE LARGEST AND MOST ELEGANT VARIETY OF g
s StylishTailor-IVIade Suits I
I : • EVER EXHIBITED IN THIS CITY. g
g ' ! The superiority of fit and- finish is not excelled, the lowsess of our «
S *" . prices not equaled by any other house. &
I S35.OO. I
§ BLACK AND NAVY BROADCLOTH TAILOR SUITS, with g
g milliner fold, fancy stitched seams, with accordeon pleat, taffeta silk drop §
w skirt, a very stylish and elegant garment. «
I $45.00. 1
g BELTED ETON SUITS of fine Venetian or Broad poth. with white S
S broadcloth vest; trimmed with bullion, skirt trimmed with pointed satb. §
8 bands, elegantly tailored and silk-lined. Exclusive high-grade novelties 8
| " S5O, SGO, S75. 1
I Silk Dress Skirts, $10 to $150. §
0 Models of artistic Grenadine and Chiffon effect, the most dainty and ele- i5
k - • cant goods ever displayed. :J
g SILK and GRENADINE ETON and BOLERO JACKETS §
1 $8.50, $10.00, : $^2.50, $15.00, $17.50, $20.00. |
§ '¦¦¦-,-- ___ «j5^ t** '^^.^ '^J m JOk m- 9 S
o » Mmmm^m^m JWV/l #~na Jbw m m m m m S
O , So NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, Eton, blouse and box/style, elabor- |
g ately trimmed and tailored, real value $25.06. Our price for Easter :3
I ;' s/5;bo. I
We had to dolF^ 5^
11 THE : ART : GARPET : SHOP !
tb Because of our largely increased. business we have been compelled
& to double our s'orerom. On the ist of April we shall add to our T
tif present store No. 226 Powell street, making a frontage of «jo feet. T
• • •
T iLrATir— to make room for our new goods, ep.transit from New York and *
2 11" " Philadelphia factories, we shall offer exceptional chances to buyers. «?
•Jr TR A T K — and you wi^ need .no- one to tell you that the prices are — -.
fin 1IIA1 lj Well, walk in and look around. You ; will be surprised at 4,
tt» what you can purchase for little money. V
. * 4 — '- — ¦: i^f 2-
* ART RUGS, 9x12— Everywhere else $9, here....... 64.80
AIl-Wool Extra Super KIDDERMINSTER— Yard wide, &
- everywhere else 7^c, here. . ..\ 65c !$•
S, Pretty Designs and Colorings in ART CARPETS— Yard wide. 35c *
t &r o one else can sell this fabric, as the goods are txclmively confined to our store. ffo
OIL CLOTHS— Square yard...... .............23c ?
* Yard Wide OLD DUTCH CARPETS. ................... ..49c *
$ LACE CURTAINS— From Stewart & McDonald, Glasgow, Scot-
* iand; beautiful designs; by the yard... .................. ..24c
* Afew designs yards long ......................A Pair 70c
* JAP RUGS— 18 feet long by 21 feet. ................... .$38.00 tit ;¦;
•4? Smyrna RUGS-30X60.'. ...:.: ....... .... . . . .$1.25 •*
«|? ALL BECAUSE OF THE ENLARGEMENT OF .
iJL'Thg f\n Carpet Sfiop"
226-228 Powell SL,9?ear Seary.
. .-.":. ... . v ADVEETISEMBNTS. .
J^b to Equal These Values, 4f
f0^M Nothing Has Ever Been Invented Before That-r ifegv . NEW EASTER |i|k
W 1 Docs the WorK oMhc New Century VEILINGS. §3%
p t No otner hair retainer f splder web> o n hers n *nlll Plaln Kl «k
m V lv^W0$)\\ Messed woman. It la" slm- TVi C " Wnndpn nf tht> filrtVC World. M m
3Sf I liy^Mf^PM pie. easy and durable. You 11IC TTUnuer 01 UK U1UVC rruri**» H f*
? ' I IE: 7 l^«l start the retainer at the THE NEW SOROSIS GLOVE, made of very r| IB
w 5 l»r V»^w I base of the head and comb best . prime Lambskin, .Paris point stitched v,l IW
m % Vi* /® j upward as far as you tJeem back, pique sewed, two clasp, soft and pliable. tA \A
•M 'a •¦ ' •'VvK^Stv necessary, then by pushing coming In all the new shades of brown, red Jga mk
s/2 fi ' the two pins inward the re- and tan. Every woman who reads this will 'i% r«3
•3 ? >»*-s/^ tainer is adjusted. It is or- instantly realize nrhat extraordinary values H
aS - namental as well as useful, these are at—.. Sl.OO pa Y:%
M I hfghiy "poiishau ami^mocnhiy. finished. S ReW- Our New : Twentieth Century fg II
M £ ular price 50c. Our challenge price 25c BllSt PePfeCtOP* |1 fi
3 I '. A Few Novelties From Our Bc't Department. £& . '^ r w«SSS?«JrU& whS B E
Km jfc. iiiiiumiihi'HII hhi»i TTIE NEW I/ATGLON worn without corsets It Is an f>| O
wi « jreaBgaffSEaESgaBgik MET-AL BELT, made of wr.Tg efllclent bust supporter and U tl 14
pj best French gray, untar- 'If y? hailed with deliffht by athJetio K-f |:i
BE &'¦ ' '¦'Wf>H|^^a^MlHHf r nlshable metal. wire *v -/^ women who wish their waists wS e3
. 3 ' A .'-¦ snake effect, with large i^E^fff\. an <* WP* entirely free. "When tj £3
m § < L'Aiglon buckle front and back. Our challenge nmffltH \ worn with & corset It enlarges t i M
m 5 price ••• 50c \m 'rf//\ A and rounds the bust and fills Ca Hj
m S ALSO— THH NEW LONG WAIST, M|^/J In all hollows; thus enabUna; H V- 13
aa ' j ' STRAIGHT FRONT EFFECT BELT, made I jSVtScr dressmakers and tailors to £g «
M I of best patent leather, with two fire gilt lftiU9^\ W ive their patrons a perfect fit. n j?i
31 *j buckles. It is made so as to give the new long [P*^ \ It la made of best fast black mm w
m S waist effect in front, with decided slant, giv- y I eateen or summer netting. Our t.1 M
3g S Ing the correct military figure. Highly jpe- special ol.UU rS |i
M S AGAIN- THE NEW GILT BELT, made of ln »Jv^ JlUl Ueparimeni. |3 gj
3 \ . S best untarnishable French gilt, with neat gilt Ladies' Tailor Suits. *^\ fe-|
1 g buckle of rope design. Only, 50c Made of good quality lmportefl H U
S B • "ili . ! .: Tii.« ic nniir n«» H n «» «•«» < 5p? , a11 wool cloth, with natty Eton k'4 tcS
B $ £&k There Is Only One IlOSe_5vp- TOf Jacket, with satin-faced reveres, Z4 %\
K S 1^3 portcr«*It IS the FOSTER. r^^ j/ tailor stitched. Jacket Uned R3 g
3 a It is artistic, sanitary, sub- INtLw^ heavy silk Italian cloth. Skirt Pjf fA
E ¦ ' S ' / \ etantial and glMps Just what viK/f seven-g-ored flounce, lined with H ES
B • A>^__ __ JL you w^int now — the new \f 7\ best Quality percallne lining. W» ES \'\
2 a / 7\~~ ~K\ "kangaroo" shape. The front #1 aro making a splendid leader of Ui *ij
| P^ \>Lr-fy pad is made of the finest im- I I these natty spring suits WA \1
fe (^ / [Lj \ which Is attached four elastic Bt " S3
w a I W\\ I bands. It Is the newest and mk SA Spccfell Shirt Sale. Kj t*f
» *?j I / \\ / l^st supporter to hold the ab- VSyW^kX T .TMre- -n- \ tsts ~~a- *.* Kl £i
"* *"¦ \ li l'\ / rr, t» in ? v. a. ut/Mit lvAv'v iS«V J*iSk I^ADIES \vAISTS, made oz 1,4 El
at i \ I iiAl domen in. It is the stout lad> s 9g8?tf?**C* p-nnri m ,,n» v nor^ii* nin«n Fa Si
hK \ // HI >J ~ rpo tp C t frio.nH Our rhiiiArurA *<5fji*_SJ^ «ooa Quaiuy percaie, plain ra ya
n 1 '¦\ff_wJ ereatest mend. . our challenge -^#-«^ back, full front, fancy adjusta- li M
5s f • ¦- Y~~r~~i p •"• ow«_ a bie collar, new sleeves, with Blshot> cuff, all m t-i
1 I i S P lendM NCWS Ior Mcrt »«»: The e ' P ri a ce en rev r eaS ld a slSr? \i ||
1 | \l I p?rs In Our Hosiery DepL ofiowseiiing 49c N H
:| £ \l I LADIES 1 HOSE, made of FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN! S3 M
• $ ) 1 v ¦ best quality Imported Lisle «- • . » . _- _ _ . _ U% &4
4 v< l/^> thread, warranted fast black. 5pCCiaI ItCIllS From OVT COFSCt Dcpt. tl |3
S k ;^-^xVv'^ double heels and toes, extra Th» TV«»ifl d««*«— j m i mcrv rnnccr t^ £1 H
S I long and very elastic, in the new Parisian lace 1HC "Ona-KenOwTiea MAJESTY COflSET I0T H f-J
• J . . effect. .Just fancy, only .'.... 25c StOVt Figures. - M H
li vlan^o?^o L u^^^^ I I
J3 i ¦ ' ' Si^T • S bargain at 50a riLst p roo f f ront 8t eels. It Is Just the corset for M M
M * pneo —.,»«_ a stout person, as It la firm and strong and fcl p3
» S . nnrniii riirilT 111 mnnntio molded to fit the stoutest figure. Should you fa O
m A SPEC AL EVENT IN R BBONS. break a Kteel ln thl3 corset ninety d ay3 ¥$ M
1 I «J« 7 v, t mi * #\ Tvv. we replace It with a new corset. Unusual prlc» |J B
S ? 50OO yards black or white taffeta Kibbon, concessions 82.75 13 i-5
£ ' made of best quality all-silk taffeta. - Our New Straight-Front Corset •."* « M
i * Width 60 lTo Width 16 10c Is tte'talk of the town. For quality and prlca H Jf
S w'jft, i<>i/n WJritVi e 4t? lt na * no ©dual- It is made of best quality n ' nf
I S Width 30 ....A-J6C Width S 4t Italian cloth, btaa cut. hand gored new low M £3
>% r ' ' - sloping bust, double side steels, rust-proof KJi E3
if 1 We make the new Btrnhardt Ulusion Bo- front steels. Well rounded hips. No woman Kg MS
I i " sette Free of Charge. \ ' tonight such an opportunity at this gj J»
i i IOC DnQCiyRCPP 8I6 mar ket street, Wj®
1 JULilUdLllDLlEU^ Running through to 11 O'Fanrell.
I Mall Orders Solicited. . PHELAN BUILDING. MfTHE $16,000 BRANCH LIBRARY BUILDING "WHICH MAYOR PHELAN "WILL BUILD AT FOURTH AND CLARA
¦ ' STREETS AND PRESENT TO SAN FRANCISCO. THE AGGREGATE COST OP THE BUILDING AND ITS FXJR
- NISHINGS WILL. BE CONSIDERABLY MORE. _ ,
entire front, Intended as a lecture ''"and
reading room, and the lavatories," furnaco
room and staircase. • •
A skylight in the roof and high window?
on all. sides will afford ample light". in- ttie
main library room. The building rwill-: be
provided with all the necessary-- require
ments of a modern library, structure. Tho.
tables, racks and bookcases will all be
of quartered oak. ¦•_ .
¦ The cost of the building as already con
tracted for is $16,000. The contracts for
interior llttlngs. heatir.j, ventilation, etc..
are still to be let. -¦• ;• - •
.'.Manufacturing in San Francisco should
be encouraged, and doubly so when an In
corporation is established that will em
ploy a vast number of people steadily at
good wages. The California Automobile
Company, with its main office at 222 San
some street, has a fully equipped factory
here and offers for -sale an issue of Its 5
per cent bonds. These bonds are guar
anteed and the interest at 6, per cent is
payable semi-annually at the company's
ofQce. - v •-- • -'-•??
Asks for a Writ of Error.
John E. Sexton, convicted, in Placer
County of an attempt to extort money by
threatening to expose a cigar dealer for
using unstamped, cigar boxes containing
cigars, appealed to the Supreme Court and
judgment 'was affirmed some weeks ago.
Yesterday Sexton applied to the appellate
court for a writ of error. It appears that
at the time the Supreme Court upheld the
decision of the lower court it stated that
Sexton should have been prosecuted for
misdemeanor, but the court did not have
the power to. set aside the judgment-. The
petition for a writ of- error is on the
ground that the offense, if any, was com
mitted in violation of the Federal laws
relative to the Internal Revenue Depart-'
ment and should . have been acted upon
solely by the authorized Federal officials.'
Large and select assortment Easter
cards; prices right. Commercial Art Co.,
1427 Polk st. •
McXaugMin Brothers Held.
Alfred and Daniel McLaughltn were
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Fritz yesterday ¦ on a charge of
assault to murder in $2000 bonds each.
They made a« brutal assault on Police Ser
geant J. M. Lewis in a house on Rhode
Island street on March 16. When the case
was called yesterday Attorney McGregor,
for the defendants, said he would not put
in any testimony for. 'the defense, but
pleaded for low ball, which had no effect
on the Judre. . . .*.
A LEGITIMATE INVESTMENT,
General Bag g-ett to Lecture.
General A. S. Daggett. U. S. A., com
mander of the Fourteenth Infantry when
Peking was captured, will give a lecture
on this most interesting event. in the .war
in China at the Young Men's Christian
Association Auditorium, Mason and Bills
streets, Tuesday evening. Admission free.
. Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, SOc flask Rlchard» & Co.. iM Clay. •
the Palace.
San Francisco Lodge Gives
Its Annual Banquet at
Ban Francisco Lodge' No: .'3, Benevolent
and Protective Order, of; Elks, .gave its
annual dinner in the Maple . Hall of the
Palace Hotel last night. Nearly two hun
dred of "the best people on earth" occu-.
pied seats at the very tastefully decorated
tables to enjoy an excellent menu. The
guest of honor was. Grand Exalted Ruler
J. B. Fisher, and at'either side of him at
tlie head of the table sat H. S.- Manning,
past exalted ruler of San Francisco Lodge,
acting as toastmaster; the district depu
'tles from the north and from the south,
and. the officers of the local lodge who
were elected last Friday night and those,
who served during the term Just expired.
It was a gathering of representative men
from all walks of life, and it was a jolly
one. The menu card was in the form "of
an immense elk tooth, surmounted by 'a
clock with the hands pointing to the hour
of 11, the time when all Elks rise and in
silence drink to the memory of those who
have gone before. The menu having been
discussed, Toastmaster Manning called
upon the guest of honor to respond .to
"The Grand Exalted Ruler." His response
¦was a masterly effort, full of the broth
erly love for which the order is specially
noted. Other toasts were:
"The Exalted Ruler Elect," by Thomas E.
Dunne; "San Francisco Lodge," Past Exalted
Ruler T. F. Bonnet; ""The Good of the Order,"
J. J. Barret; "Eleven O'clock Toast." Frank
J. Klerce; "The Northern Jurisdiction,"
Deputy Frank Gray; "The Southern Jurisdic
tion," Deputy TV. F. Kennedy; '"The Army."
Colonel J. R. Howell; "The Navy," Colonel
Ed Beck; "Oakland Lodge," Judge Melvln.
Between toasts vocal selections were
rendered by the Elks' quartet— O'Brien,
Ogllvie, Lloyd and Kay. Mr. "Lloyd
also rendered "The Holy City" as a solo.
Signor Castellano gave a tenor solo, Mr.
O'Brien sang "The Palms," Mr. Ogllvie
sang "Romany Lass" and Signor Pardlni
gave selections from operas. As-the gath
ering arose to say good-by all clasped
hands and sang "Should Auld Acquaint
ance Be Forgot?" • ¦ .
The Grand : Exalted Ruler, with his
wife; District Deputy Gray ' and wife,
Past Exalted Ruler Manning and a num
ber of prominent Elks will sail on the
iuurliJOfiu. for Honolulu.
THE new Branch Public Library,,
which will b<* presented to Sa:i
Francisco by Mayor James D.
Phelan, is to be erected at once.
Its site is the northwest corner of
Fourth and Clara streets. The contract
has been let and work on the building will
be started within a few days.
• The library will be classic in style and
the architect, William Curlett has sought
to. give the exterior a character in keep
ing with the purpose of the building. It
JOLLY ELKS DINE
IN MAPLE ROOM
will be* faced with light colored Roman
brick and terra cotta tnmmingrs and cor
nice and there will be granite steppings
at all entrances.
The frontage of the building: will be
sixty feet on Fourth street and the depth
will be fifty-one feet. 1 he lot is eighty
feet in width, insuring excellent light.
The main library floor will consist of a
room forty-eight by fifty-eight feet. It will
be raised several feet above the street
level and access to it will be directly from
Fourth street; The basement will be di
vided into a large room occupying the
Wilson Gets Fifteen Years.
' Fred ; Wilson was sentenced by Judge
Cook yesterday, to fifteen, years In San
Quentin for burglary. In sentencing him
the Judge said that he would always be
severe upon men who broke Into private
houses in the nighttime, when lives might
be sacrificed. Wilson and .William Irvine
Shannon broke into the room of "Edward
Hall, a barber,' at 122 Taylor street, on the
night of January 30 and in a fight that fol
lowed Shannon was shot dead by Hall.;.-,
A few high grade sample corsets at
Royal Worcester corset fitting parlors, 6
Geary st., cor. Kearny; half price. . *
Clerk. Williams , of the Justices' Court
will call the attention of the "Grand Jury
to the fact that the National Law and
Collection Agency Company has Issued
fraudulent summonses, purporting to have
been "Issued by the' Justices' Court. , The
summonses were issued by the collection
concern -.without the' formality 'of I filing
suit, and the offense is held by Williams
to be forgery^nnd punishable by Imprison
ment. On the face of the summonses the
name"* of . E.., W. .Williams, .the Justice's
clerk, has been forged. . The attorney for
the company, is; J. N: , Ross, who. has of
fices in the Montgomery block, at the cor-'
ner of Washington, and Montgomery
streets. •¦ • ' i •
The attention of Williams was called
to the "fraudulent practice' when; an an
swer to- a complaint was filed yesterday
by Zena'sU. Dodge as attorney for Mrs.
S. Moffatt. The answer was numbered
22.6S4, and in it Dodge specifically denied
all the allegations in the complaint. Upon
investigation Williams learned that no
complaint had ever been filed, and he
recollected a similar occurrence in* a com
plaint purported to have been filed by A.
CBauy. Yesterday Attorney .Ross ap
peared at the Justices' clerk's. office, and
he was sharply called to account by Wil
liams, who said -that the frauds must
cease forthwith. Williams later wrote an
official communication to- the collection
company, In which he expressed his in
tention to bring the matter before the
Grand Jury at its next session. . .
The. fraudulent, summons was signed by
E. W. Williams, by George W. RIley, dep
uty clerk. Williams says there Is no such
person as Rlley employed In his office, and
charges thaf his signature is clearly a
forgery. . Ross denies that he signed the
names, and claims that it was done by
some one In his office. Williams says that
the concern has been illegally, using the
Justices' Court as a means of collecting
bills. By falling to file suit in the regular
way the concern saved the fees that are
usually colif"-tf*d.'-^ : .
Justices' Clerk Williams to
Bring Matter Before
Grand Jury. .
COMPANY ISSUES
FORGED SUMMONS
MISS ELLIS LOSES HEE v
STJIT FOB DAMAGES
Jury Decides Adversely to Her Claim
! Agtdnst Southern Pacific for
\ tr f; $3O,00O; ...... . :'.-;.
; •: Ay Jury, in ,the .United States Circuit
Court yesterday,' afternoon returned .a ver-.
diet • . for;, the ••? defendant ; in • the case 7 of
Helen » Ellis 'against the : Southern ¦ Pacific
Companvwa^^i^j^iMMMaMMpiMBMbM
' Mi3s ; Ellis and ¦ her brother were Injured
in - a • railroad ? wreck -- between Gibson : and
Delta' some months ago, and she sued the
company , for $30,000 damages, , alleging ,; a
permanent' shock and' derangement of; her
nervous '-.'. system. "¦¦- The ¦ defense *. showed
that shortly; after the accident MIes | Ellis
went - to i Hanfdrd .' and : resided * there for
several months," enjoying good society and
keeping * late - hours > at : card . and theater
parties. 4 during the whole ; of * which "time
she did : not ask for, or receive ¦ any i medi
cal "attention r whatever " ¦ "
CALEDONIANS PREPARE
1 FOB ANim AX GAMES
Committee ; on Programme j Has Com-
pleted Its Work' , and 'Many
New Events 'Are Included. ¦
The officers of the Caledonian Club have
determined to make the first annual erath
erinp and-grames of the twentieth century,
to be held at- Shell Mound Park May, 30, ¦
one. of the. most successful In the history
of the club". At a recent meeting the coin,
mlttee - on • games : was . appointed _ as .fol
lows: .
A. M. MacPherson, Andrew McNair. F. P.
Flnlay, James ¦ H. * E>uncan," J. XV. 'Cameron,
Dr. J. A. J. McDonald. J. A. McLeod. ¦ William
Urquhart. i Angus • McLeod. "WilUam .Mitchell,
Charles A." McPhee, James Gorie, George W.
Elder, -John Reld.V Jerom* E. MacConnac and
Allan McKtnnon.
John Reid, Dr. J. A. J. McDonald and
J. B. MacCormac were ¦ appointed a com
mittee on programme, and, they have al
ready finished their labors. A number of
events : never before seen on the coast
have i been added, and the * value of the
prizes . for all feats : of strength and' skill
has been : Increased 100 per cent.
Contract for Erection of Branch Library Bui Id in 2: at
Fourth and Clara Streets Is l«et.
WORK WILL BEGIN AT ONCE
ON MAYOR'S GIFT TO CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
22
NOVELTIES!
During tills entire, week we will
have on sale our latest importations
- of the following New Goods;
New Satin LiDertu Foularl SilKs ana Fine Twill Satin
Finish Foulard "Silks
> 85c, $1.OO, $1.25 and $1.50 uarl
New Black Grenadines. Dlack Crepe -de Cnene and
French Batiste and Yelllntr . .75c to $2.* 50 _ara
New French CDal.Sj plain, printed and Javanalse. ele-
; gant designs: V. . . . .50c, 60c and 85c _arl
r ' Ne w Satin noreiitlne'RlliDons, all the latest shades, 6
Inches In width./.-.'..:;.... 35cuarl
New Ladles' Slik, Satin, AlDatross andCashmere Waists, "
latest stnles and colors: . . .$4.50 to $16.50 each
: New Reunler GlOYes 'In Suedes and glace, wlth-Parlsf
point, emhroldered hacks. ...... :. : . . '. .->'.-..
::.v:: ....... ... . ...$1.5O, $1.75 and $2.00 pall*
.',. ..':^ lie v^Fahcu Hpslerii'lii;-itplk'ii^_lbts f stripes f 'fiffnres -.and. ,
. : 'lace effects •./..¦...^V..v.v. r .*..•... — ...5Oc pair'
: New Persian ; half ;lnch- to three Inohes
-In' width. Pr Ices Vv..^. 25c to $5.OO ; Ber-nap_t
1 EXTRA SPECIAL !
• • Fine Damask aTeiWb Gloths and Dinner
--:- Sets, Fine Damask Napkins, Tea Cloths and
; Era troidered Stand CoYers at veru low prlcav i
III/; 113, 115^ 117, !!9. 121 POST STREET; J
ISMAfl, ;
ISM4R THE GYPSY
Discovery of Oil Lands Made as a
Result o? ' the Celebrated
Egyptian's Marvelous
Powers.
If Ismar, the wonderful. Egyptian clair-
voyant 'and palmist, who for months has
drawn crowds :to her Oriental office. . 1148
Market street, two doors below Weinstock
& Lubin's, was at liberty, to use the names
of some of the people to whom she has
given sittings, together with their testi-
monials as to some of the wonderful work
-he 'has done for them, there would be
absolutely no room for any doubt as to
her ability- to ¦ forecast the future. Ismar
numbers among her patrons some of the
most prominent people of the "city, and. the
things she has correcUy predicted . con-
cerning the future of some of them would,
if properly connected, | form ;an , Intensely
Interesting 'story- . Several months ago a
prominent business man, who does not re-
side / far away 'and who" ls ' well ' known
here, called to conBult . Ismar. , Among
other things the celebrated Egyptian told
him that within two months fell In endless
quantities would be /discovered on * a- cer-
tain tract of land ..he ; owned. The .man
laughed ¦ at 'the prediction. s However, ¦ Is-
mar ; having - fully . described . the . tract '.of
land In question, he decided to visit it. He
soon ; became - that what i Ismar
had 1 told i him regarding the ', existence of
oil- was absolutely true, and as a result of
his efforts several very _. large veins were
located. -When Interviewed regarding th«
mar's ; dlrecUons, . and I am more than
pleased . at the results/ t8he certainly ls
the most remarkable s person 1 1 * have ever
.me^and; cannot . be . recommended. ,. too
.. ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
B n W Mn he Pa Er^H B tt }A.Xm B [L. H Q Dn tjlVB v^oi
FROM THE 'FRISCO
BOYS' HATCHERY..
___ ________ _______ " ¦
ALWAYS NEW THINGS!
NEW IDEAS
HATCHED AND SERVED DAILY!
f SQ1>" York- T1 ~"
I w^4 6^1 shire j ?
Jr *ii hi -/ |sk, /{lLyh'^^^y\ ®f which ,we eive JJCIJL
/ I ' JtC^L^-—/ \ you a nt anc * _-*?
/ il A back v > cw « is one of ; %T < |*7l < fT7
(Jll /V$a I ! * I A e smartest suits -Jll C_W»
\f j x/u "41' I ' \ wc ave shown this ' •¦ • •
/T~°^^llj y |f\J^ h^v nR: * h Noti k° Thats our ncw
.Mill f^^fBFT^J? zl;m5& the C plSs? idea in a new
/¦%& : \rfMT \\* WE'J Makes the littls straw. in ladies'
XSL B.lLix I ¥y cha P s look verv walking hats, those
M*l W&&^L~J2d S^ art 'u ts » tc[zl }y bi K coif shape?.'
KXc* i\ t>ft%r \ffiS*"i/'Tfr^ those between the ,
yf_If* i' \Mi a « es ° f 6 and i2 sun -p rotectors - and
v&h H f&BrW^l vim ycar!l Thi ? su5t is tnmmcd - with self "
*S «i-_LijlSr I Wl !*/9 for ch . aDS m the?e PUKKarce .of- Zan-
\^E*^_^"^P^ \mt3d$l a *, es -. in handsome zibar gtra'w. an
V' YMliJa. _^!r \ ¦Wg-CT colonnj?s. medium . ... . , . .
VrW?* 3^ <^\Slr andlieht: also in awfuI1 >' smart hat
\h-'_*^?^\ vN5s^4^bBv those fine blue twill for ladies: shown in
\/ t.^^S-vJ^^^^^W/- worsted cheviots; our popular hafde-
A^l^^^W" akcs qui V stu u* Partment Monday
V_*__Kh1^^^^S_1M nmc sult for thc „
little chaos - and ¦ •• - ¦
/y>J^ i *- j __-° gJ we're sroinsr to p^ve G*-4 f\f\
C^~^r &r HS lt t0 y° u at a vcr >" l^I I If I
' low price. H'wvVi
" y^ "- 1 " For the Yorkshire Suit : .
e Smart
Dropcp Easter
RiK^SPl ta P er Neck-- \
\ «^ /C MvT_i] : For little chaps be- J -_,_»._«,__, .
2»2P >^ : S_ :^___t 2l/ > and 6 k the suit • '
y^^^ Jl ' J^ which we illustrate » _¦ • •
/ I 1^97 \ opposite, and which | nflTPSI
/ \ y^r^g^JX ls known by th- 'HUlVJi
t^\f\ fr *^W name of ?
\ ,\;\ \ f/\ Some lovely
/^Oy4 | y J ~n_« things in ladies'
/ J^flF^^Y^^Ytfyi shown Monday, in
\/ WvB v'llWr^ T c9|tl the English
f IW i 9 i X&Wlj 1 croates, \ the srolf
\j^7mT^w^ ; l MS^fr . stock - the olf
W$^U^^AW\W y Th « suit, iust as b . ow . in wa -h fab-
\ - MMW*^/, i't-r you see it pictured "«• m silks, no
\ «l_5__[--'!*.i^'/\ ' opposite. knicker end . P«tty
K mSSiMJOy4W ; breeches, hand- thin R s.
V>y^\WH™WtiM*Tr J 'l S °T ]y - * Ott S n - UP L**"- these
\( I t «" ime . d - . in a coods should com-
v\ $ beautiful shade 01 man d your atten .
V-jv j // t" e n * w electric tion Monday;
V^k y '/'/jf'JkK ' blUC * Wi^ bC they're entirely
yIL ' £v'Jt&&s _*_ _ _ : '*W& original in style
\*Vv /.- <^'4fW*' S-1 OS and exclusive. No
x5_3^g&g^^g^feag2^ kJjJL* /O» two alike.
*¦ *j*
* ; ¦ 1 __4>
firiniJ your little a uns" to see our interesting window
exhibit— it'll please 'cm,
• > :
Ml - ________
I fir \\ *tfrt\ I m ) ) tl _r% -^
IE^m: Varsity
S| Sack .-.;
<ffiw l i^^ A •"- H * s our new sac^ coat or y° nn &
M'j\ P » ' • W\ ' •^i^l*^'^ 1 men etween e ages of 14 and
iff I $P '! '! il ¦* \ 2 °* A11 the colle & e men are wear-
W> \ wi I l' : PrJ*w__' iS) ing this styl? of coat ' and it>s the
yd < iyk} : p\'fy$$$SSZ' rcal smart coa t of the season. The
I? r,iM 7 i !i ! -U '¦• S_j\ trousers are beautifully made; so
tit. .'jifiF i^yppi is the vest. The coat traces the
E-Jjpf'lj li^Biiiy form in corset fashion, a trifle
V/l Fn Wwl s P rin & in the back » hl S t>rcad
1 II '* » / shoulders. - : You know these are
/ R l '[i ;j Si WM I the swell ideas, and you get the
• Pl'^lf'W/ swe11 ideas at the bl '& Kearr »y-
I '1'i'_fMl street Store without the swollen
HI j j|l;J j The "Varsity" sack suit, in no
iji i'ljfff '] en(^ °^ charming Spring color-
O ¦ jfil^ J n^ s ' a^ high-d ass fabrics, and all
"^) _tl irs^ I beautifully tailored, at u '
fe)^w^^ - ' n fid
"_^*^^^_ So much has bem
Confirmation out- £ A'f J' A /h Wing fashions in
fits ere one of the |_T ItVtffYH/f OXA W 7^ Bo r 8 ' Waists and
$ rong features of K^Y* B.ouses that we
the big Ktarny- _/t_ - '^^^' • refrain from prais-
street house. ___f, C< *l _^^^ «& ing them further:
l**-?^— -^*»~—» - You had belter see
_<5?' •**»? \_'_,' mem.
* v -^^> r .'Umc«/wARrAvt <J> — . +
WB WANT YOUR MAIL-ORDER. BUSINESS.
" ' EXPERT OPTICIAN. .
A SAN FRANCI5C0 CALL BEPORTER
Highly Recommends Mr. George Mayerle,
the German Expert Opt'cian.
After Being Thoroughly Convinced That May-
erle's Glasses Are FAR SUPERIOR to All
Others for reading or distance, weak eyes, poor
fight, headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision
floating spots, pain about the eyes, behind the
head or temples, nervousness, sore eyes, dis-
charging eyes.- feeling like Band in the eyes,
crosseyes, burning, smarting. Itching, scratch-
ing, twitching, gluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc.
Mayerle's glasses rest tfe eyes, strengthen the
optic nerve, and preserve the sight. Mayerle's
glasses -are now used by the highest -United
States Army, Navy and Government officials.
'. ¦ '¦' ' ' ¦" ¦ ¦ ¦" \ ¦ " * ¦.*.,¦ jyj^yylwA ¦ ¦ ¦¦"< ¦¦ ¦ ¦* ¦¦¦ ¦' %
GEORGE MAYERLE, German Expert Optician.
(San Francisco Call.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 4, 1901.
Mr. George Mayerle, Optician,. San Francisco,
Cal. : Agreeable to promise that after two
years' use of the' glasses you fitted to my sight
I would tejl you what I thought of them, I take
pleasure in writing, I. have .never had so much
comfort in the use of glasses as I had with
those procured from you. Their. use has dem-
onstrated that they restored normal sight, and
I add further that the dally use of them for
many hours by day and by night has not pro-'
duced any strain on the eyes, such as I expe-
rienced with other glasses. .Respectfully,.-..--
ERNEST C. STOCK.
NEGLECTED EYESIGHT AFFECTS THE
BRAIN. Mayerle's glasses strengthen the eye
and brain. . „ .
German Eyewater, 50c.
Consultation, Examination and Advice Free.
Open Evenings until 9." Telephone South 672.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German Expert Opti-
cian. Charter member American Association of
Opticians; graduate of the N. I. College of
Ophthalmology; also American College of Oph-
thalmology. - . ,
1071& Market Street.
(Opposite Hibernla Bank, San Francisco, Cal.)
See City IMrectory for Eye Specialists.
Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both; and what price.
[ CUT . THIS,- OUT. . •
THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE
1(06 Market Street.
TELEPHOne SOUTH 47%
Now Tailor-Mafle Snits.
New St Dress SHrts.
New Silk Sbirt Waists.
Hfonratng
/A TO M
///Mr w ETery
(J /T \ Description
H / * 1 . Hade
\ I I • To Order
y I At Short
THOROUGH SATISFACTION
. GUARANTEED.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
Cash or.'/ifile-at-&tim&>
PABLOR SUITES!
Cherrr: three pieces; stllc
damask; atlk or murtlla
velour: high polish; elegant >
d e ¦ 1 k n ¦; latest effect*.
Prices lower than th» low-
eat. for we have no rent to ¦
pay. and give • our custo-
mers tne benefit.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Above 6th. San Francisco.
DR-MCNULTY.
/THIS.WfcLL.KXOW^ AJ f D RKLIABLK OLD
l Siwiaibt ewre* Blood Poison. (Jonorrhosa,OIee^
.ftf*}^' M * IU »"*J Weakn«w. Impounc* and tbelf
• 11I *<1 DlKOfdera, Book on Diseanes of Mei». fr««.
!*?¦ . * : 8:3 °t°«.»eT't3. 8and*yii,iou> ML Con.ul-
taUon free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
-, fi- BO8COE McXULTY, M. D.
3« >, Kearny SU Son Fr a n cLs co, CaJ-
B 1/ : Is But Easter shoes are here. In our store there x*Mh^
H ~~ B is the, trreatest variety: of f shoe novelties— the mI / : - s.-
H -*^r£FJ| highest standard of- values', ever offered to the jMl/ "^
g|—^—EE::!! people of California. Prominent among the \|*s
K^=^ijig display are Hanan's celebrated shoes, both for Ijpil
R|KsJS*|lii|l men an< * w <> m en. When you buy shoes buy W\
Bg^^jS where you are sure you will be fairly treated. WV I
fH^ Twcntv : t:hrec vcar s of successful public favor / \J\V\H
H* <* ' .j& should lead . you to -us. \ Don't f orget'our $3.50 / w^V j|
¦ Jl^ >^*^H shoe department.. for, men and women— f?reat- /< u\v ¦
Wy?Z .$> H cs^ oi values are here. ! Out-of-town folk will UU H
B' n find it a convenience and a profit m u"oMEN WHO ARE INTERESTED IN
RUSSIA'S I DISTURBANCES AND
SCENE OF FIRST OUTBREAK."
REV. FATHER SESNON OF SAN, RAFAEL, "WHO IS DOING SPLENDID
" WORK AS A PRIEST AFTER HAVING LEFT THE STAGE TO ENTER
. THE CHURCH. . .n
X>uella on Drydock.
: 'vThe" steam schooner, 5 Luella, that went
ashore I at ' Uttle River-last , week, is now
on the Merchants' drydock. She was
towed; off the s rocks i Lv^s the Samoa an«l
came -. to-} San "Francisco * under her own
steam-" 1 On the. drydock she shows the re
sult of; her pounding .on. the rocks. Her
bilge keels - are i gone, cart of the ; center
keel s is ¦ gone s and many of the planks in
the bottom. . will ; have ¦ to ' be replaced.--^- : '.~—s
Music at" the Park. { ."
The - following \ is .to-day's Vpark music
programme:: ;¦;..,' ¦ '¦'. . ,;.
Overture,' -^Festival'.' ....... ....... ...... Lassen
Waltz, ; " JournalUten'.' '.............. .Strauss
"Dan2a' Fantastica'.' ...............:./....Geroga
"Aubade Prlntanlere" ' .'..'.. ~. .V.. : . :'.*.'. . . .".Lacome
Selectlon* . .VPagHacciV 1 . .......^......Leoncavallo
Prelude ¦ from • "Lohengrin".- ......:...;..Wagner
Flute | solo, "The • 8w1bs ; Shepherd" . .V.Morlocchi
' ¦ . . ' A. » Lombardo. ; •' > ;% . :
"8ener»rabian 'Patrol" .;..............¦..... Rosey;
Themes from;. "Mart tana"A"> *.'.'.;.:.'..".l«'Wallace
March.; "Dawn" of . Freed6'm" i i.;v;.;-.v,.'^.B«rger :
Killed, in. Runaway. Accident.
Frank Drought, a waiter, employed r nt
the Occidental Hotel, residing at 652 How-
ard ' street, - was : fatally injured yesterday
afternoon by being, knocked down .by«a
runaway horse. - Drought was walking 6n
Howard street when a horse . attached to
a wagon ¦ belonging to the . People's ¦ Min
eral - Hygiene Company ran ' away: and
knocked him down. -John Mattes, a driver
for John Kewing,' In trying : to make room
for his own wagon, released the 'horse, of
th^ mineral water company from a'hitch
ing post on. Howard street, when the ani
mal -.; broke awaj-. Drought .received -.a
fracture of the skull and died at the Re
ceiving Hospital, shortly after .' midnight.
Mattes; • who • was ¦ the ¦ innocent ' cause of
the -accident,' was placed ¦ under arrest. •¦ ;
Insane Woman Disturbs Worsliip.
..A woman ,whose: name .Is ; unknown; to
the police created a scene in', St.^Ignatius
Church yesterday : afternoon during the
service. The woman' screamed 'and? cried
loudly *and ; was 'removed -by"police;"of
flcerg.iSheiWas conveyed to;the CityHall
and. placed . In . the .: detention ward it or; the
Insane. . .The woman Is of slight -build and
was -dressed > In. dark' clothing, ; and it '.is
thought -, that • »he v Is / suffering / from s- re
ligious i mania;- Up * to a'« late * hour last
evening she had not been Identified. -¦
Building Trad»* Council's Order in
Force, Though X>abor Council
Takes No Action.
The following statement has been issued
in regard to the boycott of the California,
Baseball League:-
Editor San Francisco Call: Kindly allow as
to correct • certain statements made by th»
press yesterday concerning .the action taken
by the S&n Francisco '. Labor ; Council at - its
last session relative to • the boycott on Henry
Harris and the baseball games In which he 14
Interested. - • '" •* '\JL '- ¦ '• '' ,1
It Is reported that: the San JFr&ncisco Labor;
Council refused .to Indorse . tb'a -boycott ¦ placed t
upon the San Francisco . Baseball Club by tb« -
Building Trades Council- of ¥ San- Francisco.
This is misleading and tends to' place the La- «
bor Council In a false light before the public.
The action which, the San Francisco Labor
Council took was the following, as shown by
¦a exact cony from the minutes oft. Its secre
tary: "Pending a more- definite rpq.nest.for »*
boycott from the Varnishers' and Polishers'
Union in the ' San Francisco Baseball ,Club>
dispute, committee" recommends -that no action
be taken by the San Francisco Labor Council; .
concurred in by e6uncll." ; ' ' »; ¦¦'¦¦< .-» ••'. '•'
It ia apparent to all -that thls-ls -quite dif,--»
ferent from what haa been reported-'. The boy- 1
cott on the baseball games was orferedT\son»» .
two weeks aco br the Building Trades Coun--,
ell of San Francisco, but up to the present
time that organization has not officially re
quested indorsement of Its -action from: any
orcantzaticn or trade outside of its afflllateil
unions, which have all Indorsed It, appointed
committees , to - prosecute it vigorously and
nlace heavy fines upon their members'.for vio
lating the order of the Council. Until a formal
request from the Building Trades Council Is
made, the action rof -the- Labor Council In th«
matter must necessarily be considered . emi
nently right and In no manner as an indication
of dissension in the ranks of organized labor;
levied after due" lnvestl
cation by the Building Traces Council or San:
Francisco— in this case the prerogative power—
and every eood onion man in San
and in the State of California n ?. ln *" e J *>»*
hla afflllatlons may be. will do his dnty by It
until Mr. Harris Is out of the baseball bust
ness or E. and S. Emanuetof the West Coast
Furniture Company choose to run .'their work
¦with union men on the terms laid down by the
board of arbitration which settled • the mtU
¦ men's lockout. B ARXE1T.
Chairman Executive Committee S»a Francisco
-• Labor Council. ¦" * "
E. J. BftANDON, *
Chairman Executive • Committee . k Building
Trades Council. ,
. P. H. MCCARTHY.
President Building Trades Council.
O. A. TVE1YMOE.
Secretary Building Trades Council.
March SO, 1901. -' -
The Laundry Workers', Strike.
The threatened strike in the white laun
dries, which was expected to occur Api'l
1, has been . averted by 7, an '; agreement
which was arrived at yesterday between
representatives of the -laundry proprietor*
and the Shirtwaist and Steam Laundry
Workers* Union. The result is very grati
fying to the unions,- as it insures a reduc
tion of the working day to ten hours and
establishes a new schedule .of.: wages that
means an average Increase of about' 2>
per cent. In order to meet the advance in
wages a raise In prices in certain classes
of work has been found necessary. Tno
new arrangement la to remain in force for
a, year.' • • .
Their Membership Growing.
The San Francisco Drug Clerks' Union
at Its meeting last night received seven
applications for membership. These,
added to . the - 250 ; already enrolled, bids
fair to 'place this union among the large
ones of the Labor Council. The charter
of this union- will rsroain open until next
Friday night.* ¦ The? newly elected officers
were installed by Se-retary Ed Rosenberg
of the - Labor Counc".
The Butchertown butchers, who have
recently organized; have a membership
of over 700. and expect to cap off the Use
with a round 1000 bsf ore the end of April.
KAPP CdkPANY/i SALOON
TtXiBBT^b.TiTrRlNG NIGHT
. ' The police ' have' been notified that the
.place of ' th'e : C. : F. ; 'Kapp . Company at • 1200
Market street , was . relieved . of : a , sum ', of
money amounting i to : nearly * $250 i during
the early hours -'of ¦ Saturday '¦ morning; and
are making efforts toj land the thief with
According to : the : story - told - to the de
tectives , it has been \ the custom of .' the
manager, of the concern to hide about the
placu •¦ $40 : or ; »0 as -he closed up f at ; 3
o'clock each morning. ;; This money. is left
for ' change ; for •• the ; barkeeper, % who is : on
the' early watch. -i Yesterday morningr, It is
claimed,' an, extra i sum . was ; left. ;. Soon
after, the place . was closed * Policeman Pat
Sullivan found* one of I the doors open and
a large blmch of > keys hanging inside in
the lock." f \} ¦-'-:¦ . '
- v A - watchman iwas , put , in > charge* of. the
place and the manager notified.., When the
fatter.' arrived 'jhe ;-: made .an ¦; Investigation
and concluded 1 at once that the .work was
.that -. of ¦• some ' one 2 in : the employ t of ' the
concern. '''iMwi^nWnB^MflRHSRHH
J Itiis.thought.that ;the thief was; aware
that" an ¦ extra sumiwas left In; the hiding
place; and '¦» had s secreted: himself ;: within
when! the house .was - closed, for the' night.
'Af ter j the » placft t .was « closed ¦ It ..was s the
work of : a % moment £, to . . get .%. the . ; •_• hidden
money, 1 unlock ; the door to the street, " and
escape. * ?. ";•; '¦'; l 'i-i\-'-~ii?-'MS :r -'-*-'??- ''-I '¦ '''^ ; ' ;
DETECTIVES "WATCH STUDENTS
Polics Agents Are Sent to Zurich and
Geneva.
BERLIN*. March 30.— The Russian Gov
ernment has sent several detectives to
Zurich and to Geneva to watch the
movements of the Russian students in
those cities and with »he object of dis
cover^K the leaders of the revolutionary
partie»"Vhlch exist ibere. These detec
tives belong to the famous third section
of the secret police an.J are well supplied
with funds to bribe students who are
likely to betray their fellows. In Berlin
ihe'Rupsian Ftudents are sansrulne that
the present disturbances are the result
of a. great upheaval of the people apraln.-u
the Tchinovniks and police. Friends of
the woman movement will be Interested
to learn that the leaders of the Russian
students in Herlin. Zurich and Geneva are
comparatively young Rirls.
OITTBBEAKS IN RUSSIA-
Subject of the Czar Declares They
Ilave Ko Political Significance.
Appended are the views of a subject of
the Czar now raiding in this city. • He
declares that the ' recent disturbances
Btarted by dissatisfied university students
are of purely local character and have no
political significance. Workingmen, he
, add?, have joined in the outbrc.-s.ks because
th*>y have a grievance of their own
{)#ainn the system of selling liquor In
Government stores.
Th* daily r^ftortn of freeh outbreaks In Ros
ria furnish- tHirprtB* t. those who- are not
lamlliar with the condition* of the Internal
affair* of the Ruffian empire. -Some are ready
to conclude that Iiuiwia is on th^- verge of
«. revolution, tendine to brealr the whole eys-
ENGLAND'S . KING SENDS
i ': GREETINGS TO CITIZENS
In a letter recelveJ ; yesterday, by Brit
ish Consul Plckersgill the thanks of Kin?
Edward of Great Britain are conveyed to
the thousands of British and ¦ American
citizens who participated In the funeral
services held in this city In memory of
late Queen Victoria.
jA'; message of condolence was sent In
January by William Greer Harrison,
chairman -of the '.Victoria ser-'
vice committee; through" Consul Pickers'
gill to the Kink of England. The reply re* 5
celved by thelConsul Is as follows: : ' : %
FOREIGN' OFFICE. March 7. -1901/1,
Sir: ., I hove 'laid before the King your tele-":
gram of the-. 24th of January in which -you
express ; the 'condolences of the British and
Jlritish-American societies of Ban Francisco
on. the deeply • lamented death of her late Maj
esty. Queen Victoria. Empress of India.
/,-,!, have received" his Majesty's commands to
request that you will convey his mest sincere
thanks for this < highly -appreciated , mark of
sympathy , In the hea.vy loss ' which has fallen
upon him and upon his royal house. I am
sir, your, most obedient, hurable servant.
• LANSDOWNE.
¦ ¦ The'- sympathetic . feeling expressed by
British and American citizens on the
death • of. the Queen of England will have
atpermanent result in the 'proposed Bnt
ishfAmerican Rifle? Corps. A large nurc
berjof gentlemen 'have already signed the
rnuster roll and 'in. tl-.»? course 'Of a few
days officers and staff will be elected. The
intention of. the organizers is to have the
corps uniformed by the time President
McKlnley arrives in the city and also'to
be able to parade on May 24, the anniver
sary, of .the^blrth of the late Queen of
England. The uniform of the proposed
corps '.will .be - khaki ¦ trimmed with red
facings, colonial hats . and caoes to be
also worn. .- A. band of twenty Dieces win
be a feature ofithe organization.
But the prophecies of his friends and ad
mirers were never fulfilled. Shortly be
fore he was to make his debut he an
nounced his determination to enter the
church. He entered a theological senii
nary and In regular order was ordained In
Paris.
father Sesnon returned to this city, his
former home, early iast fall. For a while
he conducted services at St. Mary's,
where his wonderful end splendidly
trained voice attracted unusual attention.
Shortly after he was put In- charge of
the church at San Rafaei »where he has
been achieving such great results. As r,
priest Father Sesnon has more than his
splendid voice to assist him in his work.
He. is eloquent and has a' splendid deliv
ery." Since he , has been stationed at San
Rafael Father- Sesnon has on several oc
casions occupied the pulpit both at St.
Mary's and .St. Dominlc'*>.
r|-^" EV; FATHER SESNON. who re-
I )j Cently succeeded Father Lagan
1^' at. St. Raphaek Church over at
H^X. »¦ San < Rafael, is winning, praise on
all . sides for - his splendid -work,'
especially, among the; criminal classes at
San Quentln. .
Father Sesnon'ls a man with a history—
a history- j in which .' Uu. noble- truths of
the church triumphed over '. the . glare of
the tinsel of the stage— a! story In .which
the church won a self cacriflclng minis
ter and the stage, lost a great -tenor.--
Several years ago Failier Sesnon. then
a popular club man . of this city. • left for.
Europe for the purpose, of cultivating his
voice ¦ and with the ultimate object of
adopting the operatic staee as a career.
He studied vith the best, masters in Italv
and great things -were predicted for him.
HUTNDBEDS OF; EEOTJIiABS
ARBIVE -:AT:^ THE .PRESIDIO
Notwithstanding * that Aguinaldo . has
been captured troops under orders to pro
ceed ; to Manila . continue to ¦ arrive > at the
Presidio. morning'. Companies
L. and K, .First : Infantry, arrived at : the
Presidio and. were assigned quarters 1 in
Model , camp. .They were Joined a few
hours later by' Companies E and F of the
Fifth- Infantry. .Late in' the afternoon
Companies G. and H. of , the Fifth arrived
and ' were given quarters hear ; their com-,
rades.'/" "¦' .'*,'¦*,'-' ~ .' -'
"¦ The -Fifth ,1s "from Fort* Sheridan, near
Chicago^ and Is under/ the" command;, of
Lieutenant: Colonel Bowman." The other,
officers of the Fifth . are Captain Cnatfield
and : Lieutenants Campbell; '¦ Shears. Arm
strong. BaumfordandTrott.^i-
The First Infantry is from Fort Leaven
worth and 3 is ' commanded by : Major J.' J.
O'Connell. With Major O'Conneli are Cap
tain H. - L. Jackson and ¦ Lieutenants H; H.
Tebbetts. L. :P.' SchIndle.M>.rA:'| Lindsay
and Dr. F." R.' Underwood. . »•> '¦ > ¦
The' Golden Gate- saloon, near- the-'en
trance to the Presidio: was gutted by fire
early ¦* yesterday, morrtlng. The : ; blaze, is
supposed to have started from the kitchen
in - the i rear : of the 5 building. - Only : the : he
roic - efforts t of ? the % fire department i pre
vented the spread of the flames to. the ad
joining buildings.' which -are- of ; • flimsy
structure. - The burned - property, was in-
Thc barber shop of M. M.-Rehfeld,near,
the t Lombard ' street entrance -to. the ; Pre
sidio, was entered .Friday- night
quantity • of barber's tools taken."* One enu
of the shop ' is d evoted to a small tobacco
stand, and this also was rifled, the thieves
taking * several J pounds ; of tobacco - and a
quantity . of cigarettes. 7 " ~V , ' _ '
ST. PETERSBURG. March 23.—Ex
cellent observers believe that the
position of the Minister of the
Interior, M. Sipiguane, is unten
able and anticipate his resigna
tion wttMn a few months as a result of
the inability of the police to control the
turbulent elements. M. Sipiguane was
disposed to exculpaxe Lieutenant General
Kleig-Ie, Prefect of the St. Petersburg po
lice, until the Imperial Council on the
Tuesday after the great riot reported ad-
versely tc the Czar. Prince Viastimski,
a. member of the Imperial Council, who
was an eyewitness of the noting, won
over the council in an excellent speech.
It is underwood now that his resif?na.tlon.
which. \*as tendered after he had pro
a ?ted EKalnst the conduct of the police,
has not been accepted.
M. ; SipigTiane's latest proclamation
adojrted the point cf view of the Imperial
Council. A week after it had been issued
a. report was sent to the Czar by the
Grand Duke Michael, President of the
Imperial Council, whereupon his Majesty
pertinently demanded, according to Kood
authority, what M. Sipifniane, who is
head -of the police, had done to forestall
the troubles. Some people even hold that
the police agents provoked the affair.
The publication of the j>etition of twen
ty-eight professors to the Czar In an.
English paper has been the means of
bringing the petition before the Czar, as
the Czcrina reads the paper referred to
rejjularly. Eifirht professors of the St.
Petersburg University, three of the Mos
cow University, three of the Mining Acad
emy and five of the Engineering Institute
signed this appeal, which was for more
liberal university and jpolitical institu
tions.
The present university statutes, which
will probably be revised, were adopted in
3>*4. The Liberals then predicted their
failure.
Prof encor Bilbossoff Is . publishing
scathing criticisms of the statutes, pre
dicting more serious trouble than that
which has occurred.
tem of the Government: others presume that
th* recent disturbances were of such a nature
that they are likely to lead to irrave com
plications, the result of vrnich cannot be fore
seen; still others consider the reports sensa
tional and exaggerated.
It must be borne in mind that the Russian,
as a rule,' by nature and in accordance - with
his environments is of a passive disposition
and Indifferent as to his political status. Any
demonstration against the existing order In
Russia, however; Email, therefore become* sig
nificant and can be properly understood but
by describing the character of those partici-
I>atlr(r in the outbreaks and the nature of the
grievances they are - based upon.
Beginning of Disturbances.
The beginning of disturbances In the Russian
universities dates back to the year 1565, to
the liberating of • the serfs by the liberal Czar
Alexander II." .The sudden changing of the
social and ' economical conditions of the maps
brought abouj., universal belief that a reorgan
ization of the "whole Government was at hand.
But nothing of the kind happened,' and the out
breaks in . the universities during that period
had a decidedly political aspect and were at
tributable /chiefly to the agitation of the nihii
istfi. though there hardly was a connection be
tween them and the students at large at any
time.
Since 1SS5. when the i.ew regulations relating
to the universities were enacted, the frequent
outbreaks in the variotM universities and high
schools of Rusirla have an entirely different
character. The new regulation* transformed
the unlverrltie* Into military schools. The
idea and purpose of these ukases apparently
was to prevent by strict discipline any political
aspirations of tHe students. But the admin
istration failed In enforcing the law and ths
students revolted almott Immediately after en
actment of the new regulations, and the dis
turbances in. the universities of Russia have
not ceased.
Grievances of the Students.
The principal objectionable features of the
regulations frota the standpoint of the students
consist In the restriction of their academical
freedom. 1hev object to the rule by virtue
of which the doorkeeper of the university, an
illiterate •"mushlk," has the power to -control
their daily appearance at the lectures, and
persistently demand a repeal of the rules con
cerning the examinations. According to • the '
latter the ttudents Instead of one examination
at 'tha end of «-ach aca-lemical year, as it has
been bafore, have to pass several examinations
in the course of each year, besides being com
pelled for the purpos- of ' graduating to pass
a special examination before a committee ap
pointed by the administration and consisting
of high officials or proi>»sors of other univer
sities. There are, of course, many minor
grievances, but all of them are of a similar
nature and devoid of i-illtlcs.
The administration believes that an attempt
to satisfy the demand* of the students will
destroy the, discipline cf tHe universities/and
of late took recourse to the severe measure
of enrolling disorderly students In tha mlllury
service «nd sending tbem to the distant, pro
vinces of the empire. The studenta. on the
other hand, became more desperate, and'up
rising* In the universltleb of, Russia at present
are an every-day occurrence. There is, in
reality, no political significance In these out
bre&ks, though the university affairs undoubt
edly are greatly hammered. - - ". ' ' . •
Military Unwilling to Act.
A striking feature of the outbreaks. In ..Rus
sia, according to the reports, is the unwlll
infrness of the military forces • to " subdue the
disturbances. The Russian army may -be call
ed a national one with more. reason than. any
other army or the world. The of fleers of, the
Russian army are- not like the German . or
French officers, a distinct class claiming . a
superior status in . their relations with civ
ilians. The Russian army by no means is a
pretorian army. The Russian officers, with
the exception of those of the Imperial guard,
are sons of the people and their, manner of life
Is plain and democratic Receiving a . very
i mall salary <a lieutenant receives . about $44
per month and can advance but very. slowly),
he has no possibility of .indulging ; in, any of
th« habita bo peculiar to the military cast of
Europe. The officer, of the Russian . army . as
k rule Is a. modest gentleman and : earnestly
devoted to his duties. There : have . been . va
rious ukases recently issued to lift up . the
professional pride of the officers of. the army.
It has been, for Instance, ordered. by ukase
of the late Czar Alexander III -that, an officer
when Insulted is bound to fight a duel., and In
cafe of refusal to do so he is compelled . to
resign. iPWMSMVWnMBBBK
Why Workingmen Join. ¦.-..-. .
In • the recent outbreaks " In ' the ' of
fit. Petersburg the - workingmen, ' and .wipe-'
ctttlly the- hands of the factories, situated on
the outskirts of; that city, demolished 1 various
Government • stores or, saloons on '. the ¦ princi
pal street of St.'. Petersburg, .Nevsky/ Prospect;
The fact. of the common people participating I
in a disturbance started by the students jvos
commonly , considered as a proof t -it Russia
is on.the'.yejtfe of a revolution. F«.» a. proper
understanding • of .this .fact.. it'' must. t.e. stated
that the GoveVnment, of \;Hussla. : has . monopo-'
llzed the manufacture, and ta.\e : of 'ail >• liquor^
and ¦• of * Vodka • (w!ilslty) ; . ". I>rlhk« •' tfreTsbld r ex
cluplvejy . in, saloons :or stores i kept ' by thrf
Government "and. i tbe^regulations . concerning'
the sale of^ them, ar? " X.«ry_ strict. So.. It !, If*
prphiblted to sell Whlfky by the glass/; and' lt,>
caa be bousht but by. t5«: bottle of. a- certain
specific.^ quantity. ,1% Js>Uo .forblddeh.tp. dflnk
in they saloon Itself,' ' arid ; the* purchaser'' must"
depart ?with' hi* '. bottle ;uitn0utTd«lay. ¦ J These
restricyye^TBlesare deeply-; hatedrby the work
lngmeri,""«tnd ,thefr '. wath -t^ierefora w4ii first 1
of • all , directed again?v' ; the • 1 . kept- by.
.the Government. ¦, 'But the adniihlatratifth end'
the Czar are '< by- no fneansJ synonymous -In the
eyes of. the mass«f, and r the Czar is still' the
idol of -his people. ' • '•.' •¦ • '.• -.
The discontent . which teems to , spread • In
Russia is. based unon economical '.wants. '. The
farmer is helplessly poor, and abandoning the
plow goes to the . cijy to work In the fac
tories, and the demand for hands there* being
small, his wayes . barely cover the most v nec
ensary expenses of Jiving In .the- city. -He Is
unable to pay the land taxes and to provide
for his ' people "in the country. ' Russia, Indeed,
is face to face with an economical problem
of the rravest -kind.- and those -who -have
doubted the sincerity- of the Czar in' issuing
his manifesto catling a peace conference have
overlooked the gravity of the internal affairs
In the Russian empire. ... ' :
ACCUSES NEUISTADT
OF STEALING RING
Miss Ethel Reier Claims He Com
mitted the Theft in Her j
Boom.- .
OAKLAND, March. SO.— George Neui
ttadt, ,who eays he Is an agent, was ar
rested In San Francisco this afternoon on
a warrant sworn out by Miss Ethel Reier
of 607 Eighth street, charging him with
the larceny of a gold ring.
Miss Reier claims that Neuistadt- was
visiting her and that she laid her ring
upon a table while he was- in the room.
According to v her story she - missed the
ilng immediately afterward.
Xeulstadt said to-night that he had
known Miss| Reier for 'two years. ¦ About
two ': weeks , ago, he said,' he ; and . the
young woman had a quarrel and lie re
turned her ring, which he had been wear
ing. He claims that Miss Reier is put
up to the present prosecution by another
man, -.who has .come between them. -He
denies ever having- written blackmailing
letters to her or to a,ny other person,
Fuch a charge having been made against
him.- • " \ '
Neuistadt was arrested here in 1898 on
a charge of embezzling a sword from a
San Francisco man. The case was dropped
upon the recovery of the sword. The pris
oner-at that time claimed' to have. been a'
marine In the navy. Chief Hodg-klns, then
a detective,' . investiera ted Neuistadt'E
stories and found them to have been un
reliable.
.On, January 15 of -last year Chief of. Po
lice Blpjry of San Francisco received a
letter from Colonel Muse of the marine
corps at Vallejo to the effect that Neui
stadt had been masquerading as an officer
of marines and as one of Dewey's' heroes
of "Manila 'Bay.* Muse said 'the man > was
an impostor of the worst , type; that he
had served two terms for desertion and
that he had finally been dishonorably dis
charged from the » marines In December,
1899.
Neuistadt was arrested at another time
last year for Intimidating women by rep
resenting himself as a detective.- The cul
mination of this arrest was, the taking of
Neuistadt • before the Insanity ¦ Commis
sion. He ¦¦was -.not committed, however,
because' it" was determined that r he was
more of a rogue than a maniac. • -
Objection ; Is . Hade to Ed Beylard
Driving a Coach. Without
a license.
The Hackmen's Union has taken the ac
tion threatened regarding Ed Beylajd, a
non-licensed hackman, who Is beiiiK al
lowed to do business in Intercity. T^he;of
fender's stand Is at the rotunda or.corirt
yard of the' Palace. Hotel. At a meeting
of the union last night a letter was draft
ed which was .sent to the Chief of Pollca
calling his attention' to the "matter. - ; The
communication reads as follows:
• w*. J. Sullivan,. Chief of the. San Francisco
Police Department — Dear: Sir:' -1 desire to call
your attention to a tally-ho driven every day -.
from the courtyard (or_jrotunda)_of the.Palaca
Hotel by Ed Beyfard. the same "Being . used
for public hire and running without .a license. •
Will you kindly look' info the .matter and ae»
that the same ia properly- numbered in accord
ance with the law. Respectfully.
• M. W. COFFKT.
President of the Hackmen's Union.
The employes * of Conlan's Centennial
stable, California street, wish It known
that of the thirteen men .who- work there
all but cne are members of the union. The
latter will join at the next meeting.
BOYCOTT OP BASITRALT,
LBAGXTE -wi'ii.T. STANDS
The ¦ meeting of the '. graduates, . pupiN
and friends of the Dominican Sisters wa s
held yesterday at . St. Rose Academy, In
accordance 'with purposes stated in a cir
cular issued by Archbishop I '.ordan. : The
Sisters of St. Dominic, at the close of
fifty years of unremitting labor in Cali
fornia, are burdened by a debt of • $50,000
and their friends seek to secure subscrip
tions to the amount of the debt.
The Archbishop called the meeting to
order and ? suggested, the . name of Airs.
J. M. Burnett as president and she was
appointed. Mrs. E. Bell was made .secre
tary. A committee was appointed who-e
duty will be ' to distribute the circular*
prepared by the Archbishop to " all the
friends of the sisters. The committee con
sists of the following named:
: Mrs. J. M. Burnett. «Mrs. . E. Bell/, Mrs. P. J.
White ¦ Mrs. C. Mohun. Mrs.'. James Ryan, Mrs.
John Brooke. Mrs. T.' Pawlickl. Mrs. i John Mc-
Dade Mr*. • George JenninBp. Misn Genevleve
Nolans-Mrs.'. Balrd. : Mrs. 'John O'Brien; "Mrs;
Kerwln. Mrs. Charles Hagerty, Mrs. J. F. Ort
man, Mrs. Luke Robinson, 1 Mrs. J.' Byrne, Mrs.
'August Costello, ' Mrs. ' . Theodore - Rich
ards. Mrs. James Klrke. -Mrs. Adelaide
McLaughlln, Mrs.: Zelgler. Mrs. ¦. George
Hooper. Mrs. Tom O'Connor, Miss Mary Burke,
Mrs, Herzel, Mrs. John Ortman, Mrs. "- M."-Me-
Cabe Mrs. G. Costello, Miss - Ettle Costello.-
Miss' Katherlne ".• O'Dea. *¦ Mlas S.^ McGorey,
Mrs.> Jame* ¦ Regan. Mrs. John Hoey, . Mrs.
T. . I. O'Brien, Miss M.,; Mullen, v Mrs.
Mark Meherin,. . Miss .1 Rosampnd Meherin,
Mrs. John : Hanlf y.' , Mrs. : H. Kugelberg,
Miss Marie Koch. Miss L. Hawkins, MIks Min
nie .McNaJly, Mrs. - D. Remlliard, -Mrs. M.
Kcttrel. Miss Clara Keogh, Miss- E. McDonald.
Mrs. Prendergast. Mrs. John O'Brien, Mrs. F.
Foley Miss Lizzie Foley. . Miss A; Pottoff.
Mrs. Hill. Miss Maria Flynn, .Miss Nellie
Barrett. Ml*s ? Alice Barrett, Mrs. P. ; J. Tor
mey Miss Clara Tormey.* Mrs. T. • J. . Welsh;
Miss Grace Welsh. Mrs. W. Crlchton, Miss
Margaret Cashin, . Miss .Mary Ragan, ; Mrs.
ppsrin r«|d^p^|}j«j^flpaaw& •'-;•¦
l > The follow'np: amounts were subscribed
to the Jubilee fund: .
P W.Rlordan, Archbishop of San Francisco.
$1000; Ed McUaushlln San"Vose. $1000: Miss
Susie McGorey..$3C0; Miss M. Burke, >J250: Mrs.
J - F • Ortman. > JJCO:- Mrs. Theodore Richards.
$100- Mrs. 'J.' R. Hanlfy, .SiX).^ ;
Burden of Debt.
Archbishop Takes Initiative
• in Attempt to Remove r '
;. "Sir" Harry- ¦Westwood./ Cooper, alias
Dr. Ernest Moore Chadwick, was denied
the relief, sought by writ of habeas corpus
yesterday, when Superior .Judge Carroll
Cook 'denied the. application: of the pris
oner and remanded him' into custody on a
charge of forging a. telegram with intent
to: deceive: Norine Schneider of .Crockett
and inducing her to. marry. him. Cooper's
attorney later in the day applied to the
Supreme Court for a writ of habeas
corpus.
Cooper was taken Into Judge Cook's
court with irons on his wrists, Chief Suili
van of the Police Department not caring
to take any risks with the prisoner while
transferring him from the 'Jail to the
courtroom.
A numcer of oases were disposed of by
Judge Look before he called the case of
Cooper, who nervously betrayed his inter
est in the proceedings. The court in giv
ing its decision said:
I have carefully examined Section 474 of. the
Penal Code and I can see . no reason to give
any - other construction : than the one . I gave
when this case was first presented to me. £ 1 am
of opinion that the Legislature, in passing the
section mentioned, did not Intend that the word
"torgery" i should have . the '¦ same significance
as "It has in section 470 of the Penal Code.
Under section 474, the sending, of a forged tele
gram with the Intent. to deceive or defraud is
a felony and the punishment is in the discre
tion of the court. It certainly was the Inten
tion of the Legislature to make the forging of
a telegram, with Intent to deceive or defraud, a
criminal offense. If such a construction was
not given to the section such a crime as this
Is would go unpunished. ' The writ is dismissed
and the prisoner is remanded into custody.
' On motion of Assistant District Attor
ney Deuprey, Cooper \«is arraigned on
the Indictment found by the Grand Jury.
Cooper was requested to stand up while
the indictment was read. Clerk : Oscar
Tolle asked Cooper what his true name
was and the prisoner answered, "Ern
nest Moore : Chad wick." Clerk Tolle,
when once before asked Cooper to tell his
true name, received the - answer, "Harry
, Westwood Cooper." This was. when
Cooper was arraigned In 1S97 on a 'charge
of passing a fictitious check.- - ¦¦'- * -
To the indictment charging him with
foiling a telegram with intent to deceive
and defraud Norine Schneider, Cooper
pleaded "not guilty." though his attorney
opposed It. After an argument the plea
was allowed to stand, with the privilege
of withdrawing It within five days. Judge
Cook placed the case on his calendar for
next Saturday morning-, and Cooper was
removed to the prison in the Hall of Jus
tice. .
• In the afternoon the attorney for Cooper
filed a petition for a writ of habeas corpus
before the Supreme Court. The. grounds
' of the petition were the same as made be
; fore Judge- Cook— that Cooper had.jnot
' been: guilty of- a public offense even- If 'It,
was admitted that" he had. sent the tele
gram in 'Question. ,..¦¦• v "-- -. ".'".- •< ',
mlt\ Is understood that the District" At
torney's "office will-ask for a speedy trial
of Cooper, and 'in the event of his convic
tion a rer:uesfwlll be,made-to have him
sent to Folso'm instead of San Quentln. '
AID FOR SISTERS
OF ST . DOMINIC
Ex-Convict Is Denied Writ
of Habeas: Corpus by
Judge Cook.
ri«ads Not Guilty to Charge of Forg
•-. ing Telegram and Case
; : Is Set for Sat-/ ; "
urday.
COOPER APPEALS
TO HIGHER COURT
DOES NOT DESIRE
TO BE RE-ELECTED
Phelan Will Not, Be Mayor
•Again, but Is Qoy on :'
Senatorship.
Declares That Ha Will Kemain in
] Politics, Not to Punish Ene-r -
mies, bat for Public
James D. PheTan la not a candidate tot:
re-election as Mayor ol San Francisco.
This statement was authorized by Mm
at the Pacific Union Club last evening.
When he was asked 'fcr his reason tot
this decision ha answered that he thought
that he had had his 3harc of tho duties
of that office In three terms as Mayor. .',•,
"It Is reported that you.' have aald In anr
Interview t. that you are not a candidata'
for the office of Senator or for any other*
office. How ! Is thatr * hi i.\' j t»V; »'*
"I have not authorized: any such, state*
ment," replied the Mayor. ; "I am ooft
now solus to answer whether I will b©;»
candidate for any. office.' because I thinX
that It Is premature- to say anything abtfufi
that. The Senatorship is In the gift of the*
Legislature.". 1 '. •" . : ' • ¦
"Will you;- say. whether you win te *
candidate Tor the Senatorship when tha
time comes ?7 • . . ¦ ' •
"To that I must return the same answer
as to the general question, which la that
It is premature .to. talk about -lti liU.''
"1 can say .'that 'In 'an interview that
appeared In an eveuintr paper I am mafl«
to say words for which I am not. respon
sible, for they are not mine. , I will sajj
that I am not out of politics, but the-rea?
son given In the evening, paper, namely,
that I have scores to settle. Is not tha oner
that I gave. As a matter of fact I navo
no personal political scores to settle.
"1 said to the reporter and I say now
that I will stay in politics because ther»
are public Questions to be settled and, X
am concerned in having 'them properly,
settled. Friends or enemies standinz la
the way of such . settlement would* alike*
be disregarded by m-5, but 'there. Is •; no/
personal animosity' in 1 the matter.* 'I 'do*
not expect that my political Activity will
come to an end when I am out of the of
fice of Mayor.? • • - - . • - ¦ !
HAOTnVTRTTS . UNION
ITLF.S A PROTEST
FORSAKES OPERATIC
CAREER TO BECOME
SERVANT OF CHURCH
Romantic Life Story of the Rev.
• Father .Sesnon and His
Noble Work. .
Claims Are Made That Russian Authorities Provoked
' Recent Outbreaks, and the Minister of the In=
terior flay Be Compelled to Resign.
CZAR NICHOLAS DEMANDS
TO KNOW WHAT THE POLICE
DID TO FORESTALL RIOTS
San Francisco;; (sundry, jmarch 31, ) : i9oji;
Pages 23 to 32
m§i!BERKELEY. March 30.— Graduate Man
ager Reno Hutcnlnson of tne University
of California has closed negotiation* fa
vorably with two northern track team*.
Ten picked men from Berkeley will f^J
north early In May to compete with them.
It ia possible that two other meet* will
take place.
A field day will be held May U with &•
University of Oresron at Busene. Tba
California athletes have been guaranteed
1175 and expenses while ther*. On tli»
lSth of the same month the meet with. th«
University of Washington will be contest*
ed at Seattle. The sum of $275 without ex
penses has been guaranteed. The Wash
ington Agricultural College at Pnllnaa.
Wash., has offered Manager Hutchinaon
$250 to bring the team there. Pullman Is
00 far out of the line of travel that It ta
undecided whether to accept. Negotiation!
are still pending with the Hultnomah. AtH
letlo Club. It is povslble that a meet max.
be arranged with that organization.
Negotiations Still Pending Wlti*
Multnomah Athletic Club and
Agricultural College for
Meets.
Field Days Will Be Held
With Washington and
Oregon Colleges.
UNIVERSITY MEN
WILL GO NORTH
SCHEDULE OF NORTHERN LEAGUE.
At a meetlne of the board, of direct crs of the Northern California Baseball
League at Woodland March 29 the following schedule was adopted:
ON THE TJNIVERfirnr OF CALIFORNIA TRACK YESTERDAY THE ANNUAL. FIELD DAY "WAS HELD. IT WILL
BE MEMORABLE FOR THE GREAT RECORD BREAKING PERFORMANCE OF SERVICE, WHO CUT DOWN
THE MARK FOR THE MILE RUN*.
THREE CONVICTS SENTENCED.— David
Marshall, convicted on a charge of burglary,
was sentenced to four years in San Quentln
by Judge Dunne, yesterday. William Masury
and . Frank Donahue, who pleaded guilty to
charges of petty larceny, were sent to th«
County. Jal}, the fonntr for eighteen months,
the latter for sixteen incntjis.
Mile and fifty yards, handicap— First Whip
won, Alstke second, Sydney Lucas third. Time,
1:51 4-5. ¦ .
Seven furlongs, telling— Charley Moore won,
The Rogue second. CurUey third. Time,
1:30 2-5. I
Mile and a half, over six hurdle*— PctruHus
won, Roxbury second, Hopeful third. Time,
3:01.
Potomac purse, six furlonws-^Sadie a won.
Kid Cox second. Scurry third. Time. 1:17.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Flying
Bird won. Belle of the Glen second. Csstine
third. Time, 1:12.
8lxth race, one mile. Beillng-Salvetta won,
Georgie Gardiner second. Russian third. Time,
1:63U.
WASHINGTON. March 30.— The results
at Bennlncs were:
Six furlongs— The Rhymer won. Moor second.
Gold Fox third. Time. 1:13 2-5.
Four and a half furlongs — Oria won. Kile
form second. Miracle 111 third..* Time. :57.
First race, six and a half furlonfs— Elsie Del
won. Eva Wilson second. Dan lUco third. Time,
1:28. ¦
¦Second race, half-mile, selling— Swift Light
won, Anna Louise second, Lady Alsea third.
Time.. :51U.
Third race, seven furlongs, handicap—Cogs
well won. J. H. Sloan second. Charlie O'Brien
third. Time. 1:33.
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Dutch Come
dian won. Horseshoe Tobacco second, Little
Tommy Tucker third. Time. 1:47*4.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. March 30.— The
results of the racing to-day were:
Eastern. Racing.
2223. SIXTH RACI>-Qne mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, J40O.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St %. Str. Fin.
K02 Goldone, 4. 95 Daly 4 11 In lift
2181 MacGyle. 4. M.. ..Butter 5 4 3 2 1 2 n
2193 Greatland. S, 102. Mounce 2 5 3 6 10 3 n
<mi)Tm. Irish' mn. 4. 93.Mrph 3 2n >H 4 5
2202 Prejudice. 4. 104.0'Connr 1 3 2 4 H 8 10
2205 Joe Rlpley. a. 93 See 7 7 « 15 ( 15
2U3 Norford, 4. 106..Domlnk C 8 1 7 7
Time-%. ;26Vi: %. :50Vi: %. 1:16: mile. l:42%i-
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
J. Coffey's b, h. by Imp. Goldflnch-Abllone.
With a good ride MacGyle would have won.
Greatland none too well ridden and interfered
with. 80 was Tame Irishman. Rlpley would
not break and was practically left.
Betting— Goldone. 6-2; MacGyle. 5; Greatland.
5. Tame Irishman. 5; Prejudice, 9-2; Joe Rlp
ley. 8; Norford. 20.
2222. FIFTH RACE— Mile and' a sixteenth;
fnur-year-oids and up; purse, ItOO.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
2206 Rosormonde. 6. H9.O r Cbn 2 11 13 13
l:<63 St. Slmpn'n, «. lH.Turnr « 4 1 3 4 2 n
J1.--5 Morelllto. 6. 114...Conl4y 6 3 1 2 3 S 4
2Hj Twlnkler. 6. 121 Ruiz 3 7 4 1 4 <
2203 Precursor 4. 120.. Martin 7 5 h 5 15 1
2200 Midi an. 6. 111.... Mounce 4 < 1 7 6 2
2156 J. McCleevy, 5, ll'4.Thrp 1 2 'j i 5 7
2210 Merops. 5. lll..Domlnick Left
Time— 1-18. :07; 'i. ; :25H; H."~tW :'%."! :W»*:
mile. 1:4234; 1 1-lSm. 1:49*4. Good start except
Merops. Won all out- Second and third driv
lrg. 'Winner. J. Naglee Burk's b. m. by Imp.
Ormonde-Imp. Fairy Rose. Had St. Simonian
not been cut off thirty times he might havs
won. Morelllto has bad legs. Twinkler won't
run any first part. Scratched— Mary Kinsella
1«>. Nilgar 111. .
Betting — RoBormonde. 1; St. Slmonian. 13-5;
Morelltto. 30: Twinkler. 100: Precursor, 20;
Mldlan, 30; Jim McCleevy, 100; Merops, 5.
2221. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a half;'
Spring Handicap; three-year-ol<!s and up;
value, S442S.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H- Btr. Fin.
2173 Ad. Guard. 4. 122..Mnce 3 4 2 1 H 1 1
(?20i)Star Ch'mbr, 4. 104.0'Cn 4 5 2 12 2
2205 Vesuvian. 4, 116.. Turner 1 3 n 3 2 3 4
m:e>>Iy Oypsy. 4. 90. Ransch S 1 2 4 10 4 15
(2193jGauntlet, 5. l03.Domlr.ck 1 2 ft 5 5
Time— 14, :25V4: %. :50; »4. l:16Vi: mile, 1:41*4;
l&m. 2:07; l%m, 2:33. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner. Cirruthera
& Shields* cb. h. by Imp. Great Tom-Nellie
V»n. Winner fooled a few, among them the
handlcapper, on his last run. Star Chamber
miserably handled. Too far for Vesuvtan.
My Gypsy pulled up lame. Gauntlet sulked.
Scratched— Scotch Flaid 98, Locoche* 10S.
"Betting— Advance Guard, 8-5; Star Chamber,
11-5; Vesuvian, 6; My Gypsy, 11-2; Gauntlet. 10.
2220. THIRD RACE-One mile; selling; four
year-olds . and up; purse, 3400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. V,. Str. Fin.
O.U Phoenician. 6, 104. 0' Con 2 4 H 2 H 1 Mi
2183 Vohicer, 4, 100.. Murphy 4 3H 4 1 i 1H
HS7 Hampton. 4. 102. Mounce 1 1 h 11 3 %
(Z161)Edgardo. 4, 9>... Ransch 5 6 4 3h 4 2
(21S7)Havlland, 4. WJ..Domnk 3 2 1 6 1 5 1
2JUJ Formtro, 5, 114... Turner 6 6 C ' I
Time— \i, :2«: >.i. :»%; \. 1:154; mile. 1:42^4.
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g.
by Ben AH-Turmoll. Vohicer might have won
but for Interference. Phoenician waa a good
horse to-day. O'Connor on winner knocked
Edgardo out of it on far turn. Sir Hamp
ton quit. So did Harlland. Formero no ac
count. Scratched— Barrack 104.
Betting— The Phoenician, 18-5; Vohicer. 12;
Sir Hampton. 18-5; Edgardo, 2; Havlland,
18-5; Formero. 20.
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. " 6 1. H- Str. Fin.
2103 Kingston, 4, 10»..O'Con 3 2 b 11 11
(2n5)Mlsdion. 4. 109.. .Thorpe 2 In 2 2 2 4
•£210 Alicia, a, 111 Mounce 1 5 >i 4tt 31
21U3 Walkshaw, a. US. Turner 4 7 l , 3 3 n 4 2
' U.-03 Lomond. 4, 112.. Oomr.k 5 4b 63 51
2210 Moringa, 6, lll..Wedrstd 7 8 65 •«
1517 W. Fay. 4. 109...Ransoh 3 3h 7 3 7 1
2137 S. Garter. 4. 112....Ualy « 6h 8 I
Time— %.-¦ :26; H, :5OH; %, 1:1«H; mile, 1:43^4.
Good start. Won easily. Second and* third
driving. Winner, Carruthers 4 Shields' ch.
g. by Kingston-Josephine. Sir Kingston sud
denly became good. MUslon did bis best prob
ably. Turner should run for Congress after
his display on Walkenahaw. Will Fay quit.
Scratched— Brownie Anderson 107, Maydine 107.
Betting— Sir Kingston, 3-2; Mission, I; All
da. »; ¦ '.Valkenshaw. 11-5; Lomond. 13; llo
rlnga. 30; Will Fay, 50; Silver Garter, 30.
2210. SECOND RACB-One mile; selling;
2318. FIRST HACK— Six furlongs ; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse. $430.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2132 P. Titanla, 3. 97.. Ransch 7 3 1 2 3 11
2193 Vain. 4. 110 O'Connor 15 6 3 1 2 n
(2200) Decoy. 4, 110...Wedrstd 6 4 1 6 4 8 6
218J Alas. 4. 10S..Burllngani8 3 13 1H 41
Sl»4 Montanu*. 5, 118..Tnorp« • 7 1 « 3 H
2202 Don Luis. «. ltf.Mounce 2 « h 7 J 6 8
230« Brenhllda. 5. lll.Domnk 4 2 h 4 i 7 3
1S14 Berendos, S. 103 See 8 8 8.8
Time— X, :24; «.« :43; %. l:14tf. Good start.
Won handily. Second and tnird driving.
Winner. A. J, Btemier & Co.'s b. f. by imp.
Uassetto-Queen TUama. Winner waa best.
Vain could not get up. Decoy liken to run
out in front. Alas quit. Brenhilda stopped
to nothing. Scratched— First Cat U*. Amelia
Fonso 111, Homage 97, Skip Me 97.
Betting— Princess Tltania. 2; Vain, 2: Decoy,
6; Alas. 60; Montanus, U; Don Luis. *>; Bren
hllda, 8; Berendos. 25. i
TANFORAN PARK— Saturday. March
30, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
ADVANCE GUARD TAKES
THE SPRING HANDICAP
BY P.; E. MUIiHOIiAND.
ON Thursday, March 21, Advance
Guard, with Joe Piggott and 127
pounds on his back, finished third
to Tutblll and Star Chamber In a
. mile and a sixteenth handicap de
cided at Tanforan Park. On that occasion
Pigrrott fell in for. much unjust criticism
for his handling -, of the four-year-old,
which was not concurred in by the writer.
Advance Guard was not at hlmeelf that
day, and his performance certainly fooled
the handlcapper.
; Yesterday before the usual Saturday
gathering of racing enthusiasts , over the
same course Caxrut hers & Shields' gal
vanized son of imp. Great Tom captured
the Spring handicap at one and a half
miles, with the $4425 gross valuation at
tached thereto, completely astounding the
form flgurers. If his previous effort waa
for the handicapper's benefit it worked to
a charm, for yesterday he was asked to
pick up but 122 pounds. From threes the
odds against Guard gradually dropped 'to
8 to 5, while the opening quotation against
Star Chamber, carrying 104, flitted from
6 to 5 to 11 to 5, It seemed too far for
Vesuvian, especially as he looked an
chored with 116 up,' and of the other two
starters, Gauntlet and My Gypsy, the last
named 90-pounder | carried considerable
support on the strength of a very last
worK-out. A switch at the last moment
aaw.Mcunce carded to ride Advance
Guard instead of Piggott. From the start
there was only one horse in it. It did look
rosy for My Gypsy as she breezed out in
front for nearly a mile and a quarter, bat
all the while Mounce, astride the favor
ite, seemed to be only abiding his time.
Gypsy suddenly snapped like a broken
twig and Advance Guard rumbling Into
the front position beat .Star Chamber two
lengths in the fast time of 2:33. Of course
the argument may be advanced that
O'Connor did nof shine at his brightest
on Star Chamber, which he certainly did
not, but there could onlv have been ons
result. Vesuvian finished third and My
Gypsy, pulling up very' lame, fourth. If
valuable horses can show such reversals
it leaves little loophole for officials to
complain about the in and out running of
cheap selling platers.
Very few or the bookmakers laid away
any money, as five choices, and all of
them handsomely bucked, landed in front.
O'Connor distinguished himself by cross
ing the line on three winners In Sir'King
s.ton. The Phoenician and Rosormonde. j
J. Ransch piloted the first winner pas«t
the wire in Princess Tttanla. Stemler's
filly closed a slight favorite over Vain,
and when half the route had been-cov
ered took the lead from Alas. Vain closed
well, but the Princess held him safe, scor
ing handily by a length. Show honors
went to Decoy.
It would appear that Sir Kingston has
suddenly regained his form, for he was
given plenty of time to take the mile sell
ing run which followed, and did It easily.
Backed by the smart ones from 2 to 3 to
2. the gelding passed Mission on the
stretch turn, winning easily. Alicia led
Walkenshaw,' the opening favorite, out
for the show.
Dr. Rowell's gelding The Phoenician, at
odds of 18 to 5, turned up a handy winner
of the second mile selling run. Passing
Sir Hampton at the final quarter, he led
Vohlcer out a half-length. Edgardo. the
favorite, was bumped by the winner, "fin
ishing- fourth.
While St. Slmonian received stanch
backing to win the mile and a sixteenth
run, Rosormonde, the favorite, led from
pt art . to finish. . Turner on St. Slmonian
met with various kinds of hard luck,
though taking the place from Morelllto
by a neck.
After dislodging: his rider. J. Daly, in
an i attempt to beat the barrier in the
closing mile selling number, Goldone
eventually delivered the poods. He led
all the way, passing the judges more than
a length in advance of MacGyle. Great
land,' backed from 10 to 4, took the show.
Track Notes.
"Longshot . Conley rode his first race
since being reinstated on Morelllto.
"Dick" Dwyer and "Jake"- Holtman,
without doubt America's greatest start
ers, will both be Been. here next season.
By an agreement practically completed
with Thomas H. Williams Jr. yesterday
the two will alternate during the Califor
nia racing season of 1901-02. Jake Holt
man will probably be compelled to depart
for the East before the close of the pres
ent season at Oakland, in which case F.
£2. Mulholland has been engaged to oc
cupy the starter's stand.
INSURANCE MEN WIN
FROM STANFORD'S TEAM
Desultory Basaball at Recreation
.• Grounds Proved a One-
Sided Affair.
The Fireman's Fund team defeated
Stanford yesterday afternoon at Recrea
tion Grounds by a score of 10 to 3 after a
most Indifferent, desultory sort of game.
At no time waa the insurance team in
dangrer of a defeat. The lack of excite
ment and Interest in the game, due to its
unevenness, made It painful to watch.
This was the twelfth game played by the
Fireman's Fund this season, eleven of
which proved victories. The score: -
FIREMAN'S FUND.
All. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Coll Inn. 2b and r. f.. 5 1 2 1 1 J .- 1
Krugr. sa 8 2 2 10 2 0
U'ebber, 3b 5 1 4 0 8 12
Mosklman, p 3' 1 1 0 \ 2 0
Pun levy, p. and 2b,. B 0 1 0 3 5 0
Tollansbee. lb....... K 1 1 0 13 0 0
Butler. 1. f 5 1 0 0 1 10
J. Hammond, c 5 1 2 OS 0 0
Ooldsworthy. c f... 5 S 1 t 1 0 0
Merrill, r. t 3 0 0 0 12 0
Totals ............48 It 11 2 27 15 "i
STANFORD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Murphy. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 12
BdwarJs. ts 4 10 1 3 6 3
Cowder. lb 4 1 2 1 11 2 1
Symonds, c. f. ....... 4 1 2 0 f 0 '0
Traeger. r. f % 0 0 0 0 1 ' 0
Ball," c........ 4, 0 3 0 «4 2 0
Mlsner. Ib. ..:.'.. 10 1 0 1 5 0
Lowenthal. 1. f...... 4 0 1 ' 0 3 01
r»arker. P 4 0 0 0 0' 1 1
Bennett, r. f 8 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals ..S3 3 8 2 27 18 8
' RTJN3 Bf INNINGS.
Fireman's Fund .3 Oil « 1 1 0 1— n
Base hits... 3 2.0 2 4 3 0 0 1-14
Stanford-.... 0 101 0 0 0 10—3
Base hits 0 10201211—8
SUMMABT.
Earned runs— Fireman's • Fund •, Stanford 1.
Two-base hlts—Mosklman, Dunleavy. Three
base hits— Collins. Webber. Struck out by-
Parker 2. Mosklman 2. Dunleavy 2. Double
play — Collins to Follanebee. ¦ Passed ball— J.
Hammond 1. Time ol game— 1 hour and 45
minutes. Umpire— O'C^nnell. Scorer— H. Dorr.
PLYOASTERS TURN
OUT AT STOW LAKE
Conditions Were Favorable and the
: Initial Performance Was
Very Good.'
The fly casters bega,n the season at Stow
Lake yesterday afternoon under the most
auspicious conditions. The warm, weather,
I the absence of wind and the presence of
all the old-time experts augru rs success
for the season.
The results were:
Hounds, of. Record Are Much in Evi
dence in the ¦ Regular Weekly
v Event at Union Coursing
,,..;;¦:,: Pin*. , .... ¦
The run-down of the 112-dog open stake
and- two rounds of a sapling -event made
up a card of good coursing yesterday for
the patrons of Union Park. The older
performers put up some good work, and
the big stake will hold the record for some
time to come as a . banner one for the
talent. t . .
During the running but four short ends
broke the monotony, and pikers were
scarce long before the last race, bo true
did the results come tbe way of the wise
ones. Kine Fire ran well but was in
jured In the course. If the injury does not
keep him from running to-day he, has a
good chance, with Bona Fide. Rector made
the best snowing.of the day, leading and
beating the fast \Wed5ew00d with ease.
This claver youngster furnished one of the
few .upsets,- 5 to 3 being the odds quoted.
Curtis hounds look a good outside possi
bility for stake honors.
Harlean Gladys and Fiery Face were
forcad.to do, three hard goes before a de
cision could be.tcalled. .The dogs broke
even. on sreed to the hare. John Doe is
rounding into form after a season of in
termittent-sickness. He led and beat
Hurricane, making a clean score. McCar
thy's rourser appears to have, the call
over Brutus in the second round..
Lady. Clare did ;> not put up as rood a
course a'» .was -expected of her. After se
curing the- turn from Master Davenport
she came near to being defeated. .
Keaiey's other entry, Tiburon. was a
surprise.,. He led and beat Spiteful quite
handily."" Spiteful -was a good 2 to 1 favor
ite. Game Boy held -Moso level to the
hare, but irom there on Mose did the rest
of the work a. id kept the Boy from mak
ing a point. ; .' . -
Stantonin is one'of the fastest dogs in
the stake and will have a strong following
in to-day's" finals. He is unfortunate In
being against Rural Artist in the second
round. Artist. makes his iirst course his
best one - and Santonin will have hard
work to get the flag. Artjst figures to
"just win,".. .
Luxor is in goftd : position to reach, sec
ond--place. < It is the old story with Palo
Alto.-a strong first choice in the betting.
Hot- Haste had the longest cou"rse of tho
day. with* King '.Cob, who gave him no
assistance. ;,lle comes back after a hard
go generally in good shape and is a factor
in the running, "Roman Athlete led Mamie
Pleasant well -in- a. long slip. .'He looka
good for .a .few :rounds. ' ., , ¦ .
The saplings did not show any. great
form. <MmnIe Sajikey, and Fannlo Hughie
will run the deciding course just -before
the closing: round. of the big stake. The
firat named -is the- choice. - '•' .
-The. probable .winners in the second
round, are: .Roman Athlete, Warship.
Motto. Fine Fire/ Hot Haste, Palo Alto,
Ireland, Flying Fox.. Rector. Cavalier.
Narcissus, Harlean .Gladys, Liberator,
John Doe,' Shadow,. Lady Clare, Tiburon,
Belle Rocket,- Mose. America, Ever Sure,
Vulcan.- Twin.- City -Girl, Rural /Artist,
Luxor, Candelaria. t.War Kagle and Pleaa
ant'GirL : t; -, V j- 1 ' ' ,•::.:
• Th« day's, results, u with : Judge John
fJrace's official scores^ follow:^.-.
Open stake: First •-> round— Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete beat Cftnnell " Bros.' Mamie
Pleasant, 4-0; Runnell & Allen's Rosie Clair
beat Chlarlni Bros.' • Brase - Button, : .4-1;- Rus
sell & Allen's Daisy Claire beat James Sheri
dan's Forest fiueen. 5-0^ P. J.: Reilly's War
ship beatO. Zahl's Miss Wilson, 8-!: Geprr%
Sharman's Black Flush beat Ei •> McAndrewa 1
Gqvernor Mac, 3-J; F. A. McComb's Motto beat
Star KenneU' Master I^awrence, .4-2; Aencld
Kennels' Fine • Fira beat , A. -Vanderwhlte's
Flora McDonald, 6-0; F. A. McComb's Bona
Fide beat Pasha Kennels' nound About, 4-8;
J.- Hurlejr's O K Capltcl beat W. C. Glasson'e
lone, 9-2; J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste beat Clark
& Growtage's King Vob, M-8; Cheetham A
Partlntrton's Repre»ent»'.lve b^at Connell Hroa.'
liOB Boy. 4-0; E. Gear* s Palo Alto beat R. E.
de B. Lopez's Sara. V-2; E. Geary's Ireland,
a bye; F. A. McComb's Flush beat J.
Dunlea's Erin, -4-3; P. Ja. Kaon'a Honor Bright
beat T. - McCJooVs- Jin -McCool, 6-Oi Curtis &
Sons' Flying Vox . best J. K. Hoskins 1 King
Cashier. 8-2; Curtis &• Sons' Rector beat F.
Jones' Wedf?ewoo<i, 4-2; D. J. Healy's Tapioca
beat Steri & Knowlei>' Ripple.. 8-1; Curtis &
fjons' Cavalier beat W, Dehaney's Oriole. C-l;
Curtis & Sons' Charta beat iArkey & Rock's
Ladles' ' Choice,' '5-2; Aeneld Kennels' Athena
beat J. C. -Cairn*' Lancashire Lass. 6-1; Curtis
& Sons' Narcissus beat F. Jones' Lovina, 4-3;
r'. Jones' Mamvn Gladys brat Pasha Ken
nels' Fiery Fa<-.». 3-1: W. C. Glasson's Dewdrop
beat Pasha K.rtiiels' May Hempstead. 3-2; P.
Doyle's Libers icr beat C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud, 6-2; G»ii,l Dust Kennels' Forget beat
n. BJ. de B.- Ixipes's .The I^evite. ¦ 6-0; J. R.
McCarthy's John Doe beat J. Hurley's
Hurricane, 4-0; Oold Dust Kennels'
Brutus beat H. , Lynch' s Lilac, 5-0;
H. - A. Deckelman's Laurence beat Tosemlte
Kennels' Freedom's Planner. S-i: Curtis &
Bon's Shadow beat P*pha Kennels' Risky At
tempt. 4-3; I>. J. Henley's . I^ady Clare beat
J. Cane's Master Davenport," 7-8; P. Jackson's
Golden Russet beat J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince, 3-0; I>. J. Healey'a Tiburon beat Rus
sell & Allen's Spiteful. 6-4; Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim beat Curtis & Son's Kibosh. 4-0;
H. A. Deckelman's Belle Rocket beat Clark
& (irowtaRe'a Memory. 5-0; AenHd Kennels'
Agarnemrjon beat James Sheridan's Thn Mur
phy, «-4: Stcrl A . Krawlei' For Glory beat
Charles McDermott's Noe Maid, 10-3: Yosemite
Kennels' Mose beat Star Kennels' Game Boy,
4-0;.8terl ft-Knowles* Sleety Mist beat Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Alrs.B-3: Sterl & Knowles 1
OHta beat Curtis & Son's McKinley. 1S-12:
K. Geary'" America bent F. A. McComb's
Royal Fashion. 4-3; J. Kennedy's Ever Bure
beat George McDouifaH's Colonel Lope*. 6-0;
O. Lennon'» Half; M. on beat II. A. Deckel
man's Ben Klrby. 14-fi; Curtis A Son's Vulcan
beat Lande & Oerber'3 1 Rlenzl. 4-3: 8. Handv's
Twin City Girl neat;J. J. Keenan's Lundln
Links, 8-8; J.. Kennedy's Wine West beat
Clark & Growtasre'a Ideala. 6-1: CMarlnl Bros.'.
Rantonln beat Georire ; Shar man' ¦ Bowery Bov.
7-0: Paaha Kennels' 'Rural Artl«t beat II.
Synch's. Lottie M, 5-0; Curtis & Son's I-uxnr
beat George Sharman's 8t. Ives, 4-0:- Qeorte
8harman'» Ch lea go Boy beat Clark & Grow
tatriVsi I>ady Flavin, f-1; Curtis & Son's f'an
d«l«.rla. heat Aen*ld Kennels' Aeneas, 8-4; R.
K. da B, T^oyiez'n Jo^ess beat J. Hurley's
Gramercy, l*-t', F. A. McComb's Frost Moon
beat Lande & "1»prbf»'*u Concord, 7-4; Curtis
& Son's War KapTe b»nt Ix>w<% A Thompson'*
Little Fullerton. Hv-P. A. McComb's Craw
ford I^aas beat Pasha>K>nnels" Recording An
rel. 4-1; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl beat P.
J. Rellly's Royal Unl^n, 3-1.
Sapling; stake, flmt round— T5, Qearv'B Min
nie Sankev beat Curtis *.8on's Miss Pye,
10-8: E. Geary's Farnl" IIu«rhl« beat L. . C.
Appleby's Ma«TKle T>arrow, 10-2: Curtis A Son's
Mrs. FlsVe boat B. Geary's Honnla Hujthle,
23-0; Curtis & Son's Betty Martin beat J.
Soggerson's Alrle. 8-0. ¦. -¦¦'¦'.
Becond round— Minnie Sankey beat - Mrs.
Klskn. 6-0: Fannie Hughle beat Betty Mar
tin, 4-1. - -
Talent Picks the Champion
to Win the Open
Stake Honors. 1
FAST PALO ALTO
IS FIRST CHOICE
Csulocan was the other record-breaker
of the day. He navisated the 220 eprfnt
in 22 4<> seconds, reducing the track rec
ord, which was formerly 23 fiat. In this
«v«nt Brown, who had secured second
p-la.ee in ttie 100-yaxd. dash, stumbled in
roundiiiK the lower turn. His fall threw
Townsond and Herreschoff out of the race
and left Ca.dogan to finish practically
aloee. . --• ¦ t
The work in the field tras scarcely of the.
fame brilliant character as on the track.
In most of tb* track events there Is room
for considerate improvement. Duden.
¦who annexed first placo in the pole vault,
poeseeses a. great quantity of strength,
•but lacks the style wfclch comes with
practice and experience. Cooley and Pow
oU showed up well In the high Jump, both
clearing 1 5 feet 10 Inches. Cooley won the
lich jump at 5 feet S inches, but after the
event had been conduced both he and
Powell clearod the bar at a mark two
Inches higher. Powell also did excellent
IN the anneal championship field day
of the University of California, which
was held yesterday afternoon on the
Berkeley trzck t> Service was the
bright, particular star. I He succeed
ed In clipping- three and a half seconds off
the coast record and five and a. half sec
cn£s off the college record for the mile
run.
The day was ideal for athletic sports
and the crack sprinter of the -university
was never ia tetter condition. After ho
crossed the tape ta his record-breaking
attempt he still had strength in reserve,
and had there been a. man in tire race to
press him the record would now be still
lower. Service's performance, besides
ptampirieT him a* the speediest mile
sprinter that th« University of California,
ever produced, entitles him to the polil
medal offered by John Elliot of the Olym
pic Club as the first smasher of th« old
record.
¦work In both hurdle races. He secured
first place in both In reasonably fast time.
His work yesterday, makes it evident that
with a little more training and experience
he will make an excellent hurdler.
In the UW-yard race, the second event
on the programme, the fight for second
place furnished a very spectacular flnlsh.
In this event Cadogan 7 took the lead from
the scratch and won out in 10 2-5 seconds,
with more than a yard to spare. For the
second position Townsend maintained a
slight lead until within a yard and a half
from the tape, when Brown shot ahead
of him and won by the slightest margin.
The hammer-throw was declared off.
Plaw did not compete In any of the con
tests. He contented himself by sitting
with the "has beens" in the bleachers.
The results:
TRACK EVENTS.
Mile run— Service first. Woods second and
«ebber third. Time, 4 minutes J2H seconds. •
100-yard dub— Cadotcan tint, Prawn second
and LUda third. Time. 10S-S leconds.
120-y»rd hurdle— Powell first. Hamlin second
and Cheek third. Time. 16% seconds.
Mile walk— Walsh first and Allen second.
Time, 7 minutes U 2-$ seconds.
410-yard dash-Squlrea first. Asbill second and
Lleaa third. Tim*. &3 secomls.
SSO-yard run— Service first. Clifford second
and Rede well third. Times 2 minutes 2H Bec
onds.
220-yard hurdle-Powell first. Cheek second.
! Time, 2s*i aeoonla.
220-yard dash-Cadocan Hrst. Squire* second.
Time, 22 4-J seconds.
. . FIELD EVENTS.
Pole vault-Duden first, Wllcox second and
Star third. Distance. 0 feet 11 inches
Hlffh Jump— Cooler first. Powell second and
Cheek third. Height. 6 feet S Inches.
Shot-put— Vila* first. V. LJgda. second and
Bishop third. DJstance. 87 ftet 6 inches.
Broad Jump— Hussey first. II feet ( inches;
Minor iw»oond. SO feet 4 Inches; Bralnard third
IS feet It Inches. '
The hammer throw was omitted.
Officials— Referee, E. J. Brown: Inspectors
F. Koch and R. Woolsey; starter, W. M.
LONDON, March 30.— Oxford's cox
swain "snatched a victory from Cambridge
to-day in a boat. steering race after the
light blues (Cambridge) had led by a
length and a half at Barnes, bridge, an ad
vantage which at that point Is supposed
to mean a sure victory. The crews were
so evenly matched that all rested upon
clever steering. V In this S alone the dark
blues (Oxford) had the advantage.
The weather could hardly have becri
worse. Rain fell all night and with ,a
strong south wind made a discouraging
outlook. The race was upstream - on • a
flood tide, with a seven-knot breeze on
the port quarter at the start, which was
made at 10:25 a. m.
Both crews rowed down to the- starting
skiffs. There was little to choose between
them in action or physique. At Colonel
Willans' signal the crews caught the
¦water together, but Cambridge's snappy
stroke gave that crew a shade the better
of the start. Cambridge rowed thirty-four
strokes to the minute at the start and Ox
ford thirty-five, which Csoon brought' the
dark bliies abreast of • Cambridge, giving
them a fractional lead, which they
lost before Hammersmith bridge was
reached. . Cheers rase from Cambridge's
steamboat as their boat passed this point
half a length ahead. On the Oxford
steamer there was silence and" anxiety.
At Thornycrofts very rough water was
met and the turn of the: course brought
the 'wind around and ahead. ; There the
superiority of the Brocas (Oxford) boat
showed itself. Both crews dropped their
stroke to twenty-nine, but Oxford was
the steadier. Still Cambridge gained. At
Barnes bridge the lead was a length and
a half. Then the Oxford champions on
the Oxford steamer gave tongue for the
first time and yelled encouragement , to
their crew. The response was . install*
taneous and as heart breaking as the pace
had been for the first mile, which waa one
second under the record, Oxford quickened
her stroke to thirty- two and then to
thirty-four, and Cambridge quickened to
thirty-six. But the latter lacked the'driv
ing power of Oxford,, who went up, foot
by foot The crowds on the banks caught
the contagion of the struggle and surged
along toward the finish. ¦ ¦
In tbe last 200 yards Oxford's bow began
to ehow ahead ar»d, sh^ relentlessly over
hauled" Cambridge, who rowed, strong, to
the, finish. -: Nevertheless deep throated
cheers arose as the crews flashed between
the red flacaat the finish and Cambridge
saluted Oxford as they ceased rowing.
Then, to the American spectators, came
a- surprising: feature. • The winning i crew
rowed to their landing- place and carried
In their own oars and txiat, instead of be-
Insthempelvea carried in on the shoulders
of their admirer a as, would happen in the
case of an/American crew.
The time at - the main v. 'point* of the
course was : -, = CrVen Steps, ¦: 3 minutes - 23
seconds: mile, a tnlnutes 54 aeconcU>: (beat-
Ing the record by one second); Hammer
smith bridge, 7 minutes 30 seconds:«Chls
wick. 11 min.utea~ D?- seconds?;
bridge, 19 minutes. • .
Victory Is Snatched , When
Defeat Seemed to Be
Imminent.
Christy; field Judges. Hoffmann and G. A. M.
niliott; judges of the flnlsh, B. P. Miller and
F. W. Simpson; measurers. W. Meany, J. A.
Gendoth and N. "Wllcox: timers, H. L>. Smith,
J. I>. Drumand, W. IX Masee; clerk of course,
N. F. Titus, and field marshal, L. A. 'Womble.
OXFORD'S CHEW
BEATS CAMBRIDGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ • SUNDA Y^ ?M ARCH 3 1 , 19O1;
VARIOUS SPRING SPORTS ON AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN FIELDS
SERVICE LOWERS THE COAST
RECORD FOR THE MILE RUN
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
24
Event Ni
Delict c
.«.
NAUS.
II
84
o ¦
3 '
80. S
81.4
78.4
63.10|
I6S.8
S8
1 C
8 I
:80"
:8s.-
83,4
SS |
82. S
SS -
8J.2
80.4
'it
1 n
la
70.10
71.8
73.1 I
76.8
79.2
75.10
75.10
75,10
SI
m
80.6
79.10
73
83.4
80.11
181, U
170 :
Bettu ...........I
Brooks •...,."...........'
Grant '
Mocker
Smyth i.T:V:;:?£7T£h
Brotherton ...........
Muller
Oolcher
Bibcock
Edwards ..............
Mansfield .............
no
SS :
91 ¦'
78.1
J7.8
km
1 8118
W.5*
87.8'
\:-:.j
" Tarn alp&ls* defeated r Belmont Vyeisti
at Belmont by a' score of 9 to 8.
Pate,
• • At - :
Maryavllle,
At
Orovllle.
At
Woodland.
_ At
Sacramento.
Marysvlllo...
:
14...
iprll 21.-..
Vpril 28...
Jay 6....
day 12....
tfay 19,...
day 28....
¦lay SO....
'une 2..:.
une 9....
lune 18.,..
une 23....
rune »)....
ruly *....
ruly ' 7....
Fuly 14....
uly tt....
?uly 28....
\.ug. 4...;
iUK.ll.,..
WS. IS....
iue. 25....
-epl. 1....
tept. '8,...
tept. -.»....
iept. IS....
iept. 22....
iept, 29,...
!ct, ¦¦=«.,.;.
>ct, 13
»ct.i20.;...
Kit. 27...:.
Sacramento.........
Woodland....
"-
|OrovHie*.'.'.".!".!.'!'.r.. *.'.'!;
Sacramento '¦
Woodland.....
Sacramento
....i. .......
Orovllle..........
I Sacramento. ..<
Woodland .......,,,,
Sacramento
Woodland.......;
"- "••
Marysvllle
Woodland...
Sacramento..
W^VwdY.Y.Y.Y.Y.YJ
woodVa'nd.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y
Sacramento, .'..'. ,....,>
I Sacramento......
Orovllla
MarysVuie'.V.'. '.".'.".".".'.".
Sacramento...........
••»•••
JoroViiii.r. .*. ..i.iir.r.
•••••• ••
Marys vllle... ;
Orovlll*
S acra men t r>. .... ,'.'.".*.".
;
•-•• -
MaYykVuVeV.y.'.y.
OrovIlK-
Woodland ..'.'.'.'.'
:•• •••••:
••••—•¦ -:
MaryiirlVleV.V.V.V
Woodland "
OrovJlle....
::• :-:::
:•:•••••• •••?::
- •
¦••• ••-••••' •
Iwoodiwd.YiY.Y.Y.Y.Y.
Mary«vlll« *'.'.'"
OtovtUe.......
Marys vllle
Woodland
OrQv'uie*. I II I II III! I I II II I
•-• i
Woodland ..... ...;..,;...
Sacramento,......;......
Maryavllle. . . ..'.'.'. .'.'.'.
Sacramento. .,....; ...
Sacramento. .".V.V.V.V.
I — '"•" •
......... .................
.....,».......,.„..;..
aiaryivlHeY.IY.'.Y.Y.Y.
Oroviiii!!!'.'.'.'.".*!'.;'.;'.
Maryivllle.. ..........
OroyUioir.IIIHItllll;
I"" 1 — "........
Orpvllle ""
Woodland .'
Mary«vill« ....."*
Woodland.
QrovtUe. I 'I ':'. V.'. • ... . . . I . .
W«odi«nd^V,vV,V.V.V.',V.1
'""¦""¦"'"""-¦"*--** ***""¦*!
SwMtnto.V.V.V.V.V
MaryaVtiie.iy.'.MI***'
M»lT«iHi'.'."".' ¦'/.*.'.".
Sacramento. . .*, ;Y.Y.Y.|
•....!*!:.'*!";""•";
|. ..:..... ......V..... ...... |
•••••-"•^H".
OrovVui" ".¦¦¦"
MarysvUIe.......^',*,'.
¦•»• ...........I
•- .--.._
Event Ni
Delict c
.«.
NAUS.
II
84
o ¦
3 '
80. S
81.4
78.4
63.10|
I6S.8
S8
1 C
8 I
:80"
:8s.-
83,4
SS |
82. S
SS -
8J.2
80.4
'it
1 n
la
70.10
71.8
73.1 I
76.8
79.2
75.10
75.10
75,10
SI
m
80.6
79.10
73
83.4
80.11
181, U
170 :
Bettu ...........I
Brooks •...,."...........'
Grant '
Mocker
Smyth i.T:V:;:?£7T£h
Brotherton ...........
Muller
Oolcher
Bibcock
Edwards ..............
Mansfield .............
no
SS :
91 ¦'
78.1
J7.8
km
1 8118
W.5*
87.8'
\:-:.j
" Tarn alp&ls* defeated r Belmont Vyeisti
at Belmont by a' score of 9 to 8.
Pate,
• • At - :
Maryavllle,
At
Orovllle.
At
Woodland.
_ At
Sacramento.
Marysvlllo...
:
14...
iprll 21.-..
Vpril 28...
Jay 6....
day 12....
tfay 19,...
day 28....
¦lay SO....
'une 2..:.
une 9....
lune 18.,..
une 23....
rune »)....
ruly *....
ruly ' 7....
Fuly 14....
uly tt....
?uly 28....
\.ug. 4...;
iUK.ll.,..
WS. IS....
iue. 25....
-epl. 1....
tept. '8,...
tept. -.»....
iept. IS....
iept. 22....
iept, 29,...
!ct, ¦¦=«.,.;.
>ct, 13
»ct.i20.;...
Kit. 27...:.
Sacramento.........
Woodland....
"-
|OrovHie*.'.'.".!".!.'!'.r.. *.'.'!;
Sacramento '¦
Woodland.....
Sacramento
....i. .......
Orovllle..........
I Sacramento. ..<
Woodland .......,,,,
Sacramento
Woodland.......;
"- "••
Marysvllle
Woodland...
Sacramento..
W^VwdY.Y.Y.Y.Y.YJ
woodVa'nd.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y
Sacramento, .'..'. ,....,>
I Sacramento......
Orovllla
MarysVuie'.V.'. '.".'.".".".'.".
Sacramento...........
••»•••
JoroViiii.r. .*. ..i.iir.r.
•••••• ••
Marys vllle... ;
Orovlll*
S acra men t r>. .... ,'.'.".*.".
;
•-•• -
MaYykVuVeV.y.'.y.
OrovIlK-
Woodland ..'.'.'.'.'
:•• •••••:
••••—•¦ -:
MaryiirlVleV.V.V.V
Woodland "
OrovJlle....
::• :-:::
:•:•••••• •••?::
- •
¦••• ••-••••' •
Iwoodiwd.YiY.Y.Y.Y.Y.
Mary«vlll« *'.'.'"
OtovtUe.......
Marys vllle
Woodland
OrQv'uie*. I II I II III! I I II II I
•-• i
Woodland ..... ...;..,;...
Sacramento,......;......
Maryavllle. . . ..'.'.'. .'.'.'.
Sacramento. .,....; ...
Sacramento. .".V.V.V.V.
I — '"•" •
......... .................
.....,».......,.„..;..
aiaryivlHeY.IY.'.Y.Y.Y.
Oroviiii!!!'.'.'.'.".*!'.;'.;'.
Maryivllle.. ..........
OroyUioir.IIIHItllll;
I"" 1 — "........
Orpvllle ""
Woodland .'
Mary«vill« ....."*
Woodland.
QrovtUe. I 'I ':'. V.'. • ... . . . I . .
W«odi«nd^V,vV,V.V.V.',V.1
'""¦""¦"'"""-¦"*--** ***""¦*!
SwMtnto.V.V.V.V.V
MaryaVtiie.iy.'.MI***'
M»lT«iHi'.'."".' ¦'/.*.'.".
Sacramento. . .*, ;Y.Y.Y.|
•....!*!:.'*!";""•";
|. ..:..... ......V..... ...... |
•••••-"•^H".
OrovVui" ".¦¦¦"
MarysvUIe.......^',*,'.
¦•»• ...........I
•- .--.._
C» O © %L ML " ;itf* -if @ ©
t
Why Softer From This Dreadful Disease, When
Science Has Conquered It?
Nearly one j thonsand permanent cures have been
made here in your midst. Over five hundred in the city
of San Francisco alone; business men of tne first rank,
some of whom yon may know, and who for the sake of
suffering humanity are willing 1 to be privately In-
terviewed.
There is nothing: to dread; the treatment is faultless ;
no surgery, caustics, ligature or salves, and no delay
from business. •
ANY CASE, NO MATTER HOW SEVERE OR OF HOW
LONG STANDING, no matter how many salves you may
have tried (for they are all delusions), can be perma-
nently cured in. a very short while if,- scientifically
treated by a skilled PHYSICIAN.
For further evidence and particulars
Address PHYSICIAN, Box 1950, Call Office.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAk S ,
(Save the Number.) IBB . V ¦
DR.
MEYERS
&C0.
CURE THEIR PATIENTS
QUICKLY
AND PERMANENTLY,
, EVEN AFTER
ALL OTHERS FAIL.^
The man is yet tmborn who is
great enough to master the almost
limitless field of medicine and sur-
gery. No one is more strongly con-
vinced of this than the member* of
the staff of DR. MEYERS & CO.
Other physicians, however, have
tried to do this, but have met with
disappointing results to themselves,
and often disastrously to their pa-
tients. For this reason DR. MEY-
ERS & CO. determined at the vtry
beginning of their professional
careers, away back in iSSi. to limit
their practice to a single line of dis-
eases, and to originating and per-
fecting cures for such ailments. They
treat, consequently, diseases and
weaknesses which they are absolutelr
certain they can positively cure, to
STAY CURED forever.
THEY~CURB
Nervous Debility. Stricture. Rupture.
Tumors, Varicocele, Frirat» Diseases,
Cancer. S'eephssnass. Rheumatitm.
Kidney and Bladder Diseases. Seine Dis-
ease. Liter Distcsa. Heart Disease, Wood
Diseases, Skin Oiseises, Stomach
Diseases. Eve and Ear Diseases, Lang
D'seases, Rectal Diseases.
PAY WHEN WELL.
As a guarantee DR. MEYERS A CO. •win
let the patient deposit Use price of a car*
In any bank in S»n Francisco, to b« paid
to DR. MEYERS & CO. after ho la entirely
well. If it is not eonmnltnt to do this,
payments may b« mads ta ¦w«ekly or
monthly Installments.
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
Although It ts preferable to ¦«« tb« pa-
tient in many Instances, it is 'not Always
necessary. It you cannot call, writ* tor
private book, diagnosis sheets, fren adfic*.
prices and other particular*. Correspond-
ence solicited. All letters confidential. Na
printing on envelopes or packages to In-
dicate name of sender. Cures cent by
either mall or express.
FREE CONSULTATION.
Or. Meyers & Co.
731 Market Street, ]
San Francisco. '¦¦¦¦¦¦.
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE.
Hours — S to 5 rtall7; T to 9 flreotar*.
dally: Sundays, s to 11.Alumni Defeated.
The road racing committee of the Cali
fornia Cyclers'. Association held an' s an!-;
mated session In the rooms of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen last night. Chairman
Splllane and L.O. Sill of the Garden City
Wheelmen were the only.' members of the
committee present, but there were repre
sentatives of various cycling ,organiza
tions in attendance. After a lengthy, dis
cussion- of .-' the', mooted •- question' as ,to
¦whether certain : riders" ; accepted ; pace 1u
the : annual ; twenty-five mile road race
held . on \ March ¦ 3, it ' was decided to lay
the matter before the general meeting of
the association, which will be held In this
city on, April, 16. V "
Cyclers Still Wrangling.
:This statement of President Bond is
confirmed - : by the individual members of
the board • of directors. All. are annoyed
at the repeated circulation of a report of
a prospective cut.
• ¦ . ¦ - . ¦ ¦ . ¦ . #
Foster Backman Acquitted.
. „ LOS ANGELES. March 30.— Foster
Backman, a former Deputy County. Asses
sor, charged with embezzling 56 cents", was
this afternoon acquitted by the- Jury.
Seven other i indictments -: now ; hang over
him for several alleged offenses.
Bond of the California Cured Fruit Asso
ciation said ! to-night :
.'•The association Is not contemplating a
cut in the price of prunes fdr the domestic
trade. Such reports are false. When the
board fixed the price for export at a two
cent basis it determined to -firmly main
tain, the domestic price ; at three cents.
This action was final and the reports cir
culated' ' to the contrary are : simply a
source of disturbance and without founda
tion. ".aw'iiwajMHriSMyyplM^Bwcgfl^p
President Bond Declares the Two-
Cent Basis Will Be Main
tained. .
¦SAN JOSE, March 3O.-President H. G.
NO CUT ON^PRUNES
for" domestic teade
.Attorney General Tirey L. Ford, In re
sponse . to a communication from the Dis
trict.: Attorney, of ; los Angeles County,
yesterday.; rendered an opinion to the ef
fect that • mortgages :, upon church ', prop
erty. Were, not ;exempt from • taxation.
'¦i The Attorney - General holds that* the
language of the constitutional amendment
adopted . at* the last ¦. general . election - ex
empting 'churches and church . property
from :,taxatloiT cannot' be extended to In
clude mortgages.- He cites the opinions ot
a number of text writers and of the courts
of ilast resort and the Supreme Court of
the United States in support \ of his con«
elusions. I ¦ '
CHUBCH MORTGAGES NOT
EXEMPT FROM TAXATION
WASHINGTON. March 30.— The follow
ing Calif ornlans have arrived at the ho
tels; Arlington. W. M. Abbott of San
Francisco: Raleigh, Mr. and Mrs. L. V.
Tavls of San Francisco.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
PETITIONS IN IN6OLVENCT-— Petition* In
Insolvency were filed yct>terday la the United
Ftatee Dirtrict Court. aa follows: William C
Montgomery, adjuster. Fan Francisco, liabil
ities tZM 76. do assets; Orvllle Ilayes, ranch
er. Oakland and Los Gatos, liabilities (2077 28.
no &eeets.
DIVORCE StriTS FILED. — Suits for divorce
were filed yesterday by Annett* Horrell ara'-nst
Charles E Horrell for cruelty and Mabel
Brooke atgiinst Lee Brooks for failure to pro
vide. • •'¦'"¦'!¦.
¦ '. Lieutenant James .F. McKinlev, a
nephew of the President and -aid " on th<*
staff of General Young, will be the guest
of Mr. and Mrs. George E. Morse. 1573
Fell street, for two "weeks prior to his de
parture- for Washington. Lieutenant Me-
Kinley was born in this city.
J. I>. Farrell, president of the Pacific
Coast Company, accompanied by his wife,
is at the Palace..
Phillip E. Chappell, a banker of Kansas
burg, Mo., Is at the Occidental, accompan
ied by his wife. : .
Colonel Austin, an officer of the British
array, Is at the California,
Bank Commissioner John Markley of
Geyservllle is a guest at the Lick.
W. W. Elmer, a mining man of Coulter
vllle, Is registered at the California.
W. M. Lovelace, a business man of Los
Angeles, is a guest* at the California.
G. N. Barnes, a business man of Toledo,
O., Is at the California with his wife.
Thomas O'Hanlon. a merchant of Chi
nook, Mont., is a guest at the Grand.
Stan ton L. Carter, an attorney of Fres
no, Is at the Lick. J
Major N. H. Crager, U. S. V.Ms regis
tered at the Palace. f
E. .C. Merritt. an attorney of Santa
Rosa, Is at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. H. Pike Is registered at the Occiden
tal from Tientsin.
RAN OVER BT A LAUNDRY WAGON —
Tw«-lvfe-year-old William Dockery was run
over Saturday by a wagon belonging to a
Chinwe laundry on Pacific street. He was
treated at the Emergency Hospital by Dr
Armstead and sent to his home at E13 Pa
ciflc street, while the driver of the wagon
Chin Tin Sing, was booked at the Hall of
Justice on the charge of battery.
FIXED TEN' DATS' PAT.— Lieutenant Pat
rick Heneker of engine company 35 was yes
terday fined ten days' pay by the Fl-e Com
missioners for belnff under the Influence of
drink while on duty.
covered and Escapes.
" The . police are searching for a soldier
who broke Into the residence of P. J. Hall
at 1561 Pacific avenue early -Friday morn
ing; Mr." Hall was alarmed by a. noise
and passing downstairs met the soldier
In the hallway. There was a struggle,
but the Invader managed 'to make his es
cape.
According to the story, told by Hall, he
heard a noise downstairs shortly before 3
o'clock in the morning. He arose and
without arming himself started to make
an investigation. In the hallway he came
face to face with a soldier. He demanded
an explanation, but the uninvited guest
Instead of replying rushed at him and at
tempted to seize him ¦ by the . throat. A
struggle ¦ ensued, but Hall's ' strength was
not equal to that of his adversary, who
finally broke' away and dashed -out the
door. .' *
An investigation showed that the soldier
had. broken in the front door. of the resi
dence. The matter was . reported to the
police and detectives were sent to the Pre-*
sidio with a description of the man, but
have not yet found him. -
SOLDIER BREAKS INTO
RESIDENCE OF P. J. ttat.t.
Early Morning Intruder Makes a
Dash for the Door When Dis-
Banquet to Gentlemen Ac
quaintances. ' .
The ladies of the Stewart Whist Club
entertained their gentlemen friends with
a progressive whist party and a reception
in the parlors of the Stewart last night.
About thirty members and .friends wero
present and all voted the affair a com
plete success. The arrangements were in
charge of Mrs. J. M. . Cremin.' At the
close of the card party the guests were
treated to an elaborate banquet In the
private idinlng-room3 of the hotel. The
prizes were won as follows: .Ladles' first,
Mrs. Deardorff; gentlemen's first, Mr.
Dow; boobies, Mrs. Wade and Mr. Har
bour. * ,
Those present were: Mrs. O. D. Myers
Miss Delia Trenwith. Dr. and Mrs. Dow
Mrs. K. A. Sweasey, C. "W. Edgecombe.
Mrs. Taylor, J. W. Harbour, T. S. Clarke,
Mrs. Wade," Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Schell
Miss A. Stewart, Dr. and Mrs. F. M.
Sponogle. Dr. and Mrs. A. G.- Deardorff,
Mrs. T. I. Goslener, Mrs. Greenwood, Mrs
G. F. Trenwith, Mrs. J. M. Cremin, Mr.
and Mrs. G. P. Thomas, Mr. and Mrs C
M. Ghoram, W. A. Lough. C. Stewart,
Mrs. J. Davidson. Mrs. G. W. Rumble
Mrs. H. G. Wulf. Mr. and Mrs. G. E'
Clingman, Mr. and Mrs. Boeck, Captain
and Mrs. A. Harrlman. Mrs. Purdie, Mrs
Currier and Mr. and Mrs: C. J. Hall.
Club Ladies Tender Reception and
STEWAUT WHIST CLUB
ENTERTAINS FBXENDS
WOODLAND, March 30.— Postmaster
Dingle, an appointee of Grover Cleveland,
will retire from office to-morrow and be
succeeded by J. H. Duncan, editor ot tha
that Georee F. Baer ¦ will become presi
dent of the Reading Company la officially
confirmed here to-night. He will assum*
the office In a few days.
Woodland's New Postmaster.
Beading Company's President.
READING, Pa.. March 30.— The report
England and Scotland Tie.
LONDON, March 30.— The association
football match between England and
Scotland at the Crystal palace this after
noon-resulted in. a. draw, with two goals
each." Immense crowds witnessed the
match, which was warmly, contested
throughout. England only equalized mat
ters just before tbe close.
Liverpool cup for 1000 sovereigns, one- and
three-quarters miles, a handicap tor
three-year-olds, was won by Lord Stan
ley's chestnut colt Pelliason, with John
nie Relff in the saddle. Ten horses ran.^
The maiden plate for three-year-olds
ami upward, at a mile and a furlong;
was won by W. Hall Walker's bay filly
Cannle Lassie, with Johnnie Relff up.
LONDON, March 3O.-*The fifty-fourth
¦Waters.
LONDON, March 30.— In reply to a ques
tion asked by a representative of the As
sociated Press regarding the controversy
as to the selection of a defender In tha
races for the America's cup, Sir Thomas
Lipton made this statement to-day:
"I wish to say nothing which can pos
sibly be construed as a criticism or as
gratuitous advice to the United States. I
want only to meet the best boat America
can build. I never want any one to be
able to say after the cuff races: 'You have
won, but you have not beaten our beat
boat.' My ideas on the subject can beat
be gathered from what I»am doing myself.
I am putting the Shamrock II Into open
competition with any boat in the world."
Regarding his plans. Sir Thomas LJp
ton said:
"As soon as possible after the launch
ing I am going to the Solent to hav*e ths
trials. On my way back to the Clyde I
shall probably accept the Royal Yacht
Club, Kingston, invitation to race there.
Then I shall go to the Clyde and enter tho
Glasgow exhibition contests. As soon aa
possible after that, probably about June
12, the Erin and Shamrock II will sail
for America. I have not yet decided if
Shamrock I will accompany them. W«
shalt first go to the Azo*a- to replenish
our fuel, for on the last trip I found the*
Erin's coal capacity scarcely equal to tha
long, slow voyage. I trust there will bo
sufficient wind to avoid much towing, for
I believe that towing, on account of tha
strain involved. Is much more harmful to
yachts than sailing'. I expect the yachts
will arrive In New York early in July.
After the cup races, unless something un
expected prevents it. I will accept tha
Boston Board of Trade Invitation to take
Shamrock II to that city and have a llttla
racing in New England waters."
Interscholastic Tennis.
VENTURA. March SO.— The third annual
Interscholastic tennis tournament termi
nated to-day at Xot Jhoff in a disagreeable
rain, rendering the courts slippery In con
dition and in no manner good* for form
work. The results were as follows:
Interscholastic. finals—Hendrlck,»cham
pion, won from Gndley — 6-3. 6-4.
Interscholastic . doubles — Grldley and
Bennett won from Campbell and Varlel—
6-2. 6-2.
Interscholastic consolation— -Lane won
from Bahtr by casting lots, owing to th»
Open singles— "Wayne won from "Wine
man on "toss-up," owing to rain.
Open singles — Bell won from Hendrick —
6-0. 6-L
Ladles" singles— Mrs. "White against Miss
Garland not finished. The deciding match
will be played on 'Monday.
- Mixed doubles — M!sb Garland and* Grid
ley won from Mrs. White and Spauldlng.
Ladles' doublesr-Misaes Voorhles' anJ
Edwards won from Mrs. White and Miss
Garland— 6-4, 5-7, 6-4.
. — • .
Beiff Is a Winner.
Plans for the Sailing of the New
Shamrock in American
LIPTON ANXIOUS TO
RACE THE VEEY BEST
Last night five of ths fifteen members
of the club appeared for duty at the cen
tral station without their luxuriant mus
taches. They are Pat .McGee, George
Geiman, Frank Engel, George Collins and
James McLane. The J other ten have
promised to part with their mustaches to
day.
George Geiman, the pride of Grant ave
nue, is president of the club.
The "No Mustache" club is the latest
thing in the Police Department. Several
days ago about fifteen of the "finest" got
together and agreed to part with their
hirsute appendages, providing the Com
missioners gave their consent. President
Newhall, when spoken to on tho subject,
said he had no objection, but he insisted
that . after the mustaches were removed
the members ot the club should shave
every day, so that their upper lips would
appear clean. Several of the officers, on
account of Newhall's ruling, strongly sus
pect that he Is favorable to the Barbers"
Union, but this Is denied by the president
of the board.
Faces "Bald" in the Future.
Fifteen of Th«m Agree to Wear Their
POLICE OFFICERS PABT_
WITH THEIR MUSTACHES
Though the ; weather was favorable * to
golfing yesterday,, the air belnp still and
the course in good condition, very. little
progress was made In the competition for
the Council's cup for men. The Hugh Tevis
versus Charles Page match still remains
undecided, the latter being on hand, while
the former was absent. J. \V. Byrne won
his match against H. C. Breeden, beating
him 2^up and Uto play. H.'C. Golcher
is drawn against the winner of- the Tevis-
Page ; match, ¦ and If he defeats . his oppo
nent will contest the final round .with J.
\\. Byrne.
Many players were , out on the Hnk3,
among them being S. L. -Abbot" Jr..
Charles Page. "Warren Gregory, C. • V.
Mullins,. Leonard Chenery, J. H. Mee, S.
Boardman, Captain ¦ D. J. Rumbaugh and
L.. B. Edwards. .
Golfers Compete.
County Surveyor Robinson returned Tuesday
from Green Mountain, where he had spent sev
eral days in surveying. He reports work at
the copper propeitles there has been almost at
n standstill on account of wet - weather and
tart-roads, though Indication* show that the
copper deposits are among the most colossal
.of the country. Several days 'ago three well
known experts inspected the properties which
are now held ' by O. R." Sidney at Green Moun
toln. "These men were' supposed to have been
sent out by the Boston and Montana Com
pany, and while their report was not made
public' they stated ' that the led?e on Green
Mountain was so extensive an to be almost be
yend belief, being 1S0O feet from wall to wall
and carrying copper In paying quantities. In
vcveloping the hill mi"e a large cave or nat
tral tunnel was struck, which runs through
rich copper ore. The cave forms a natural
drifts all that is necessary being to stope out
the ore. The copper mine bonded from C. R.
Hughes to Miles Wallace, located near the
old Green mine, will be worked in a few days.
The hauling. of timbers, which was Impeded by'
tho bad weather. , Is now under way. Green
Mountain district promises to take a leading
position in the value of mineral production.
The Marlpotan says:
The new chlorlnatlon plant at the Shawmut
mine ' has started up. The furnace used In
roasting the ore uses oil for fuel. At the
Dcnsmore mine work for the new ten-stamp
minis going energetically forward. A large
fcrce of men are at work excavating:. A four
stamp mill was formerly on the property.' At
the Mount Lily mine, the clean-up of the mill
r< suited In $2400 for an eighteen days' run with
the five-stamp mill. An immense body of
-.vater Is flowing at present in Five-mile Creek
near this property.
the neighborhood of Furnaceville, says
the Redding Searchlight, has been bond
ed for 345.000. The bond was taken by-J.
W". Turner, an attorney of Eureka, Hum
boldt County, who Is said to represent
outside capital. The owners of the claims
are T. J. Harrison. B. H. Wilsie and H. E.
Gill et al. ,J)eveloDment work must be
gin within ninety days and at least $1000
worth of work must be done on the prop
erty.,.
The Placerville Nugget reports that
something is doing at Poverty Point. The
River Hill Company, of which E. ft. Ben
jamin is the consulting engineer, has gone
to work vlgirously on the property about
one and a half miles north of Placerville.
Two ledges are to be. worked. "Water will
be brought through a pipe 4000 feet long.
A twenty-stamp mill will be constructed.-
It was necessary to tunnel a hill for the
pipe line. The first ledge will be tapped
at a deoth of 1000 feet.
The Tuolumne Independent reports the
following:
Six Jttontlis Taken Off the Suspension
of License of Captain
Miller.
Captain John Benningham. United
States Supervising. Inspector of Local and
Foreign Steam Vessels, handed down a
report yesterday In the matter of the ap
peal of Captain Frederick Miller, master
of the steam schooner Cleone. wrecked
on Point Gorda December C, 1900.
United States Inspectors Bolles and Bul
ger had suspended Miller's license for
twelve months from January 23, 1&31. and
Miller appealed. Captain Bermingham
says:
"In view of the fact that a delay, of
about a month In the trial of the appel
lant by the lower court was caused by
reason of the unavoidable absence of In
spector Bolles in Seattle, and the further
fact that no loss of life occurred by the
unskillfulness of the appellant in navigat
ing the Cleone, 197 gross tons, a propor
tionally small Eteamer, I don't think so
heavy a penalty bhould have been visited
upon him as would have been had he un
der similar circumstances lost a eteamer
of 1000 tons or upward, by which human
life had been sacrificed. Therefore I
think the interests of justice will be
served If the time of the suspension of the
license of the appellant be reduced from
twelve to six months from and aTter Jan
uary 23, which Is ao ordered."
CAPTAIN J5ERMINGHAH
EEDI7CES A SENTENCE
George Sullivan was born In Petaluma
about S2 >ears ago and was the son of the
late Michael Sullivan, a pioneer hotel
keeper cf that town. Soon after the close
of the war he- went to the islands to study
the mineral resources ¦ and endeavor to
locate some claims. His brother James
mill probably return with the remains.
ments for transportation can be arranged
the remains will be shipped to this city
for interment.
OSCAB GABD1TEB. IS ON
THE SCE1TE OF BATTLE
Terry McGovern'e Opponent -A.rri-ves
From tlie East Full of
Confidence.
Oj>ear Gardner, the .well known feather
weight pugilist, who is to try conclusions
with "Terrible Tern" McGovtrn next
month tinder the auspices cf the Twen
tieth Century Club, arrived on the scene
of battl" last night. He is a broad-shoul
dered, likelv looking Itliow. His face
bt-ars evidence of having come in contact
with gloves, and beneath his eyes are in
delible marks that give evidence of their
having been tbe target of many a vicious
punch. - • '- -' -~- v •*
Gardner was to have boxed Joe Bern
stein at a local playhouse last night, but
owing to his uncertain arrival the man
agement failed to secure the necessary
permit and the bout was declared off.
Gardner claims to be in good shape. He
eays his hands are in good order and he
could enter the ring after two hours' gym
uaslum work weighing 122 pounds. Gard
ner met McGovern a year ago. and has
the distinction of- having knocked the ter
ror off his feet. He will train at Croll's
Garden. Alameda. and will begin work a
-we«k from to-morrow under the watchful
eye of Joe Bernstein, another feather
wVigrht. who has fought McGovern twice.
Tommy Tracey, who is now In Seattle,
•will any local or imported pugilist
t or »$50G as a side b«t. the reserved condi
tion being that his opponent be under 145
pounds. Al Smith is Tracey's backer and
manager.
ALL <3oubt« regarding the death at
the hands of the Philippine Insur
gents cf George B. Sullivan, a
former resident of this city and a
brother of Eugene J. Sullivan, aji
attache of the Recorder's office In this
city, have been dispelled by the receipt of
a letter from his brother, Jamss D., lo
catf^l at Manila.
Word was received in this city about a
rear ago that George, who was of an ad
venturous disposition and had penetrated
to the interior, had been captured and
phot to death by the natives. AH efforts
to locate him failed, but the search was
kept up.
tince young Sul!ivan"s disappearance
active efforts have been made in Northern
Luzon by Lieutenant Johnston of the
Third Cavalry to apprehend the murder
ers. Four men have so tar been arrested,
but two are yet at large. They are well
known and their capture is only a. matter
cf time.
The bedy of the young man has been re
rovered by his brother in Manila, and he
expresses the opinion that George ¦was
ftood up before a liring squad and merci
lessly shot down. As soon as arrange-
The Blue Lake Advocate tells of a rich
pocket that has been found by S. Schlskl
on Graham C-ulch, and makes the state
ment that Schlski took out several thou
sand dollars. He bought the claim for
JiU from the McGinnis brothers. Two
other prospectors ran the trace up to an
other pocket, but took out very little.
Then bchiski went to work, and within
three feet of the surface strucK a seam
nearly live feet long that was rich In gold.
William Wolford is reported to have dis
covered a ledge ntar liig Bend. Tne King-
Solomon mine in the same locality is pre
paring to start Its mill.
The Sonora Union Democrat says the
Soldier Gulch quartz mine, carrying 'water
rights and located near Robinsons Ferry,
has been sold to James Shearer of San
Francisco by T. F. McArdle. The Santa
Ysal-el mine Is ready to operate, a large
amount of development work having been
performed. Extensive operations are ex
pected at the Arbona mine.
Cherry Creek, according to the Yreka
Journal, is about the liveliest mining
camp in Siskiyou County. The placer and
hydraulic claims are all belnff worked
with full force and the Cherry Hill quartz
mine and other quartz mines are operat
ing. According to the Etna Advance, the
Siskiyou Hydraulic Mining Company has
about 100 men working at Callahan's on
preparatory work, for two large hydraulic
plants, one at South Fork and one *at
Wild Cat. Large ditches and flumes are
in construction to furnish water for the
monitors. One claim is In operation under
the direction of J. 0. Rusby. Another
enterprise of some size in the same local
ity Is that of the Consolidated Mining
and Dredger Company, which has bought
up the river bottom land from near South
Fork to the mouth of Wild Cat Creek,
and has also bonded other properties. Two
hydraulic and placer claims are . being
worked by the company. The next step
will be the construction of a dredger.
"When this dredger is completed," says
the Etna Advance, "this company will be.
the largest operator In the county."
There is a controversy over the site of
the thriving mining tcrwn. of Harrison
Gulch, in Shasta County, which town was
recently destroyed by fire. E. P. Sherk
makes claim to the site In part, saying
that where thirty buildings stood he filed
a quartz mining claim and that the land
belongs exclusively to him. . He has
ordered builders to suspend operations
The controversy is as to whether the title
has lapsed by reason of the non-perform
ance of work provided for in the mining
law. Land holders are defying Sherk and
a lawsuit Is liable to involve nearly all
the inhabitants.
The Harrison group of copper claims In
Deals and Strikes.
There Is a stir among the miners all
over the country. Especially is this true
on the Pacific Coast. In California the
rains have made mining a certain suc
cess for the present year, largely consid
ered. Theie are stories current of deals
of considerable size about to be consum
mated. One of these refers to the copper
mines at Copperopolis. An expert has vis
ited the mines since the properties were
unwateted. There is a general belief that
a deal v.ill be effected in that direction.
The northern people ture aisu dealing In
copper mines. J. 11. Palmer- of Spokane
has bended the Copper Wonder group qi
mining claims on the Sophie Mountain,
about ten miles from Rossland, B. C. Tha
price is 5100.000. -
Large strikes arc also . reported. That
at Wickenberg of- a gold ledge is said to
be the richest in the history of Arizona.
The Nevada County people are greatly
encouraged by the two, striKes in the
Providence mine. Operations on a large
scale are anticipated by the miners of
that section.
One of the greatest of the mining dams
in California will ha that at the junction
of the Littlejohn and Clover creeks, near
Telegraph City. In Calaveras County, ic
will serve the Wright & Lauae mine. The
structure will be £>d feet .long, 40 feet high
and will cause tne waier to uuck up aoout
two milts. There will be an umpie supply
to run .nine months witnout rei>;exiibii..ig.
'lhe water, will be conveyed tnrougti un
ls-mch pipe tor a distance of seven roues
to the w right Ac JUine mine to run tiio
macmnery and mill.
A large body of manganese has been
found, according to current reports, on
the Amiiuur side ot the Mokeiumne lUver,
Just opposite faandy liar. W. T. Hobia
fcon of Mckeiumne Hill is the finder.
An account of the progress of* the slate
industry in El Dorado county is given by
the Placervihe Nugget. Preparations have
been made for ctouuitng the capacity of
the KurtKa blate Company at Kelsey
during the present year by stripping the
ground to a depth of forty teet. num
bers of siatemakers have been brougnt m
from Vermont and Pennsylvania siate
quarries. There is a large deposit of
siate lor rooting at the yarus at Piacer
viue. Hectntiy several churches and
hign school buildings have been roofed
by the Kureka Company. The question
of transportation is engaging the atten
tion of the company. Tnere are about
juty men employed and the number will
be doubled.- fceliool suites will be an out
put of. the quarry to some extent. A com
pany manuiacturing slates in Penrisyl
\ania has been in correspondence con
cerning the location of a school-slate
multing ptant in HI Dorado County.
Slate Industry in El Dorado County
Is Assuming Greater Import
"ance — Strikes of Precious
Metals Are Made.
Size.
Copper Properties Are Now
Basis of Deals of Large
MYRIAD STAMPS
ARE KEPT BUSY
Report of the Fate of George B. Sullivan
Is Confirmed.
SAN FRANCISCAN IS SHOT
TO DEATH BY FILIPINOS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
SAX FRANCISCO MAN WHO
WAS EXECUTED BY THE FIL
IPINO SOLDIERS.
'- -, SELLS STOLEN GLOVES.— Fred Smith; was
arrested ". by ¦ Detective ! O* Dea ' on ; Fourth street
yesterday < while selling. buckskin - gloves .worth
U 50 per pair, for: 15. cents and was | locked up
In ' the "tanks. 1 ! . He ' had fourteen': pairs in
his-: possession and .-..¦¦ Ote ." detective "wants ; an
owner, -as h« believes they have been stolen. ¦
ROBBED A KLOND1KER.-Minnie Hawkins,
alias Emma | Coleman. was held to | answer be
fore " the ¦ Superior r Court "- by . Judge . Cab&nisa
yesterday on ; the ¦ charge ; of grand - larceny ;- In
11000 ball for stealing $Su /roin A. H. Mayo, a
Klondlker." In the Commercial Hotel. March 15.
' The game of baseball which' took place
on t the , Berkeley ¦ campus yesterday after
noon ¦ between the varsity and the alumni
resulted ' In : an easy victory,- for ,th« , for
mer Z aggregation V by. . a . score , of ¦ 18 ¦. to 8.
K aarsburg , of football fame officiated in
the :. box ; for :. the * alumni : and ¦ proved •• an.
easy .mark -for the. university team.- -Ho
was r hit j for a number of- three-baggers.
Both Overall and Nourse, '% who ? did the
twirling for the winpers, were steady and
effective at every stage of the game. -The
place of W. W. Smith behind the bat was
filled by Phelan in a very creditable man
ner. The ' batting ' of . Braley and "Rose
bud". Overall" was the ' feature of; the day.
Out* of. five" times ! at >bat ' Braley • secured
five hits and made five runs.'
25
000000000000©00©OC*COeOO»0©«000©«000000003)©e«©0<50000©©OOQ©©0©0©0©®»0
I * I
° S*^^^ DR ' McLAUGHLIN 'S ELECTRIC BELT has re- S
§ . p*&^£fe*3fc stored health and strength to thousands of weak men. If ©
q ' 'L -^^gK^ ' >^ used ** I direct it is a. positive cure and cannot fail. It 2
O s^ ¦ ~~~~-<gn ?*§&! " *~"^v R1^ eS he vitalizin? Power of electricity, without burning or %
S ( oS^^^Lt' flE2JteL^—-j bIistcrine « t0 ever V weakened part, developing full vi^or •
.2 \ki rpT S^^^j&ff II remov «s all the effects of dissipation, forever. . I ' want •
O >y W / _-M?j¥W CVCry WCak man who is not the man he sllould be to use 2
g >fevi K~ W \/t j£^mr my Bdt< and - when hc J s cured, tell his friends of its won- £
a \ ¦ '/ l-i^&fSr derful eflfects. My Belt is -in absolute remedy for Nervous ©
© I "^ jj$&&!r^ Debility. Backache. Rheumatism, Stomach, Liver Kidney 2
e \&$\ \ M r ' • • Wur' and Bladder TrouWes - It is arranged for women as well as ©
2 ,Oq|f v <» "s \ // ¦ / V^7^^- men - and cures ferral e weakness. It does wonders in a few ©
S vU}}/J/'* 1^"'^ applications. It arouses all the dormant energies, develops 2
O "^^^^SS^^^fr?"" muscular and nerve life and restores the feelinj? of youth, S
2 «M?^^¥^^^^»A •* courage and vizor. It makes men over asrain. It makes •
g perfect men of the puniest, weakest specimens of "half- •
O men.',' . . •
S Proof of What My Belt Will Do— Chronic Rheumatism Cured. J
O *£•*¦ A M - MeLArOHLIN-r>ar Sir: I offered with chronic lame b.ck for mn. About thS?*25nSf'«*?i iurehi'secTone of S
Q your hlsta-rradc toclt*. and am pleased to «ay that by continuous use of it I have been completely cured. I am now a" well a. I ever f
g »a«. I could not be better, and I have only your belt to thank for It. Tours very truly. GEO. M. CURTIS. •
g Weak Back and Kidneys Cured. • •
O ~» %, » „,.,.-„,„ „ „, ."» Merchants' Exehan»« Bulldin*. SAN FRANCISCO. Cal. ' 2
Q DR. M. A. McLAT-GHLIN— Dw Blr: Tour Electrio Belt has cured me at the age of 73 of weakness In back and kidneys so that '•
X I e»= now «toox> or etaad erect, dress and undress more easily than for years; lt has also restored me to vlgror and sound health Verr •
O truly yours. A. C. HAMMOND. •
• A CURB FOR NERVOUS WEAKNESS; S
ti LOS ' ANGELES, Cal, March 2 1901 -'-9
!* vn. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, City— Dear Sir: About three months afro I had several severe attacks of nervousness and nalns in th« O
5J back, and after trying several doctor* for the same, did not receive any benefit. . I waa induced to try 'one of your Belts and found a ™™ 9
O for my trouble. I take pleasure in recommending the Belt to others. Sincerely yours, THEO. L, HEIBER, care Mott Market? A
• Cf\t-KZt i jtarinn l--r*» If you al * clo "« enough to call do so. Let me show you the difference' between my up-to-date aDDllanc* A
0 U)nSU< 'arion l~r e and O ld style burning Electric Belts. Let me prove to you why my 6elt cures when they fail?? If you . A
, © will call I will rive you a free teet to show you how lt cures. ?
© Sn^C.nl Not i"V If ., you nave ".P* 11 that burns, or a.. "no electrtclty" band which haa disappointed you, bring It In and I will A
Q •-» |#»-W.«c* I liU«lv« allow you half price of mine for It ,f • * ; ! 2
g Free BoOkrro^Su'rp^ple^oF^E^^^^^^ h ° WmT B<lt U U8ed •»*''«»*««* h ™<*«> ot Utter, g i
l S 11R M P Mpl flllPHI Ity 702 MARKET STREET, 5
• Ulli ifh Ui muLnUUnLllii San Francisco, Cal. S
<J WiMHranwHHnMBsaiMBBBflflBWHbBitpspMVwavtetpaiscBteavtvJsHifiBHB • *m
'¦rr
, ADVERTISEMENTS. . .. ' '
av ft *•* ; \. NTHE\fiOSl CENTUftY BLESSING /
'f'l • • 1 regard Soap as a Medicine. It either bene'fits or injures. The
I/a y&i$Jl^iffi%^ ~-"rai I^^V M^^^^l^^^^^ pores of the body take into the system more or less ot the soap, and
Vm MW^^80Ma M^^P^^^^^^M the blood carr i es the same to every organ of the body. Therefore,
ll ' Im^^fe^S H^^fe^^^^^ it is i m P ortant tria t people should use only soap that is free from all
iy Vll| $1111 Iliili I I^^^^^M rolPi^^^^ffl^^^ poisonous fats and alkalies. Witch-Hazel is used in every hospital
nA B^MJB^^SBsi throughout the civilized world, and is indorsed by physicians as
irs ' wWinWzMli&k Bffi&&Sjm rajj^^^^^^^l Nature's Greatest Skin Remedy. Having combined Witch-Hazel
\ V^tiMf Half-Ill with other known healing and curative medicaments, I most posi-
\ r^-^^^^^^^^m WbmSjM MaWmMmti^^ tively assert that I am offerine to the Public the Best Toilet Soap
_- rr - « x Ever Made. 1 mean by this, that it is best for the complexion, best
£!t$i£fl5k ,m ., ym $ J&gjbssS aaa^^^f ' gwlP^^^^^^^^^ or trie scalp, best for the baby, best for curing a'l skin eruptions.
U wiM soften the rou ? hest skin - jt wil1 cure chapped hands and lips
'^^^^^^^a * n a n '?^ lt » it wl^ positively cure dandruff and all scalp diseases.
ilili/^ 'f $$&& W& % Cream, more healing than any lotion, linament or salve, more
ili* -^) ] Wm beautifying than any cosmetic. Every ingredient in this Soap is
HiH / K r^^^^^^^K^P' m^^^^^^BS^^ffl ' pure enough to eat. I want the Public to have the same confi-
m§T* i dence in this Soap that they have in my Remedies.— MUNYON. ,
MB ylr Hi fP^ this Soap, druggists have been instructed to sell the regular 25 ;
il^ |v i W^^^^^^^^^^^^bM MUNYON'S HOiMEOPATHIC HOME REiMEDY CO.VALUE OP THE BIO
AFTER THE WBECK
Only One Hundred and Fifty Dollars'
Worth of Property Recovered *
Thus Far.
Commissioner Morse of the United
States District Court began an investiga
tion yesterday morning into the value of
the steamer Rio de Janeiro after the ves
sel had gone to the bottom on February
22. The testimony was taken for the'pur
pose of limiting the liability of the Pacific
Mall Steamship Company in the eult
brought by Sarah Guyon for damages for
the loss of her husband Henry on the oc
casion of the wreck.
« c ?, p l a1^ Anderson, superintendent of the
Mail dock, and M. . B. Wallach, assistant
auditor of the company, were the only
witnesses examined. They testified that
the only . property recovered - from the
wreck was three lifeboats, valued at X150
The inquiry will be resumed on Tuesday
morning. .
Contracts to Pave Streets.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
awarded the contracts to pave Clay, Sac
ramento. Washington and Pine streets
with bitumen to JSllnn & Treacy for
$3S90 10. . . . .• . ' u .
Mr. Shoaff had a large circle of
acquaintances and was a member of sev
eral fraternal organizations. The body
was removed to the Morgue and an in
quest will be held. ¦
HEART DISEASE TAKES
AWAY RANDALL SHOAFr
Formerly a Partner of Edward Fay
in the Grand Hotel Bar
Business.
Randall Shoaff, formerly a partner of
Ed l-'ay In the Grand Hotel bar, died sud
denly yesterday afternoon at 18 Mason
strett, presumably from heart disease,
with which he had been afflicted for a
long time. Mr. Shoaff was a. native of
Maiyland, 64 years old and a widower.
A daughter-in-law, Mra. Cora M. Shoaff,
lives in Benlcla. ¦
During the past few days there have
been frequent meetings between the sep
arated couple, the parents of the young
wife and the attorneys on both sides in
the office of J. D. Sullivan. The- .latter waa
advised yesterday that everything had
been happily arranged. The husband has
been restored by his brothers to the re
sponsible position of manager of the res
taurant and oyster business left by his
father in the California Market. He has
"sworn off" his bad habits that are said
to have been the cause Of matrimonial
disturbances. . For the present, with their
Infant child, marital life will be resumed
In' a boarding-house.
"I am satisfied," said Mrs. Moraghan'i
attorney, J. D. Sullivan, "that the young
man Intends to' do what is right In the
future. His brothers have reposed con
fidence in him, and I think that this Is a
most happy consummation of his and her
differences. It Will now be only a matter
of a day or two when all legal obstruction
to their reunion; will be removed."
Both the parties to the action are young.
Mrs. Moraghan is but 18, while her hus
band is about five years her senior.
It Is reported ; likewise that the young
wife's father, Police Officer James Fay,
and her mouther, who have been separated
for a number of iyears, have also decided
to let by-gones be by-gones. They fre
quently were compelled to meet at her
attorney's office, and it is said are re
solved to reunite for the balance of life's
Journey.-
Matters reached a climax a few days
ag^o while, the eult for divorce instituted
by the young plaintiff, for she is not yet
out of her teens, was pending In the
Superior Court before Judge Seawell.
Perhaps the frequent meetings In the
court room had something to do with fan
ning Into a new fire the spark of love, and
on yesterday they finally decided to try
over again, and as soon as the necessary
legal papers and agreements can be tiled
the divorce suit will be dismissed.
Once more | the power of love- ' has as
serted Itself In the case of Mary Gwen
dolyn' Moraghan (nee Fay) and' James
B. Moraghan, her husband, whose
differences have been a subject of court
Inquiry for some months past.
Divorce Proceedings "Will Be Dropped
'aa Soon as Necessary Pa
_ pers Can Be Pre
¦ pared. *
Couple Agree That Separate
Paths Are Too Thorny
to Traverse.
MORAGHAN'S WIFE
NOW RECONCILED
With a party of newspaper men and Mr.
Jacobs of the Munyon Remedy Company,
they visited Tanforan yesterday. and inci
dentally took In the races. It was a
breezy afternoon, and when in the fourth
race Rolling Boer was left at the post
Senator Smith was thrown into a reminis
cent mood. He said: • ;
"That horse getting left at the post re
minds me of a very remarkable incident
regarding luck which may sound like a
fairy tale; but it's gospel truth, all right.
"Several years ago the late Jerry Simp
son and I chanced to be together on a trip
East, and one night when we were taking
in some of the Bights of New York we
were about to enter one of the large gam
bling resortK.-when at the door I stooped
and picked up a two-dollar bill. Jerry ex
claimed. 'That's a piece of luck. Dumont:
we II put It on roulette.' I assented, and
Jerry tried his luck with it. When he had
taken in $45 I said. 'Jerry, I'm not seeking
great wealth— half of that's a competence
for me: let's pull out.' and we did. Next
day we went down to the races, and on
tHe way Simpson, who was custodian of
the funds, said, •'Smith, I'm going to place
this $15 on the longest shot we can play—
that's a lucky $2.' We agreed on that,
and when we got down to the track we
saw a GO to 1 shot up, so we went through
the paddocks until we found the horse.
He was a gaunt individual, with a wart
on his left foreleg that looked like a big
bog spavin, but we decided at 50 to 1 he
looked all right and started back to put
up our money. On our way we met our
friend Allen h»re, and he tofd us that he
knew the Jockey who was* to ride .Nellie
S. posted at 5 to 1, and that it was a sure
shot, as she was booked to win. So we
were persuaded to put the money on Nel
lie S. The gong sounded and we went out
to watch the race, and you may. search
me if that 50 to 1 horse didn't win the race
by over .three lengths, vith Nellie S left
at the post! Now, wouldn't that Jar you?
Funny part of it was that Jerry and I
were together about ten days longer, oc
cupying beds in the same room, and I no
ticed every, night about 10 o'clock, when
I had taken off my coat and vest, that
Jerry would say, 'Well, Smith. I guess I'll
go out- and get a bit of fresh air before
turning in,' and he wouldn't get back un
til after midnight.. It 'didn't impress me
particularly until dno 'day I found a slip
of addresses that -he had. dropped, and
some pt them had been- checked off. Tfcey
were in a pretty hard locality, so I deter
mined to drop out after Jerry that night
when he went out for fresh air; I followed
him along and saw him go to the entrance
of.several gaming resorts, but the strange
part of It was he didn't enter, so after
about an hour's -walk I went up to him
and said, 'For heaven's sake, Jerry what
are you after?' He replied, with one of
those droll smiles of his, 'Dumont. I am
looking for another two-dollar bill.' "
The Kansas gentlemen will be here sev
eral days. Senator Smith will doubtless
be sent to Washington by the next Legis
lature to represent the State in the Sen
ate, and Senator Allen is looked upon as
the winner of gubernatorial honors In the
next campaign.
When asked about his State's latest
freak— Mrs. Nation— Senator Allen said:
"Oh. that is merely a little horseplay we
have once in a while. It advertises the
State in a way, but will not work material
harm. You Bee, we are very gallant to
ward the ladies, but we know about the
time to quit" giving out any more rope. A
State which gave to the Union such a reg
iment as theTwentietn Kansas Volun
teers and so brave a general as Funston
need not worry about such minor excres
cences as occasionally afford amusement
for the columns of the press."
State Senators James L. Allen and F.
Dumont Smith. of Kansas are In the city
for a short visit, getting acquainted with
the coast climate, which, they state, com
pares favorably with the zephyr-Wssed
atmosphere of the home of Mrs. Nation.
dote Anent Jerry Simpson.
And Incidentally Drop a Good Anec-
Mr. and Mrs. David Adler announce the
engagement of their daughter Belle to
Sigmund H. Harris.
The engagement . Is announced of Miss
Florence E. Navlet and Francis E. Car
roll.
DISTINGUISHED KANSANS
PAY A VISIT TO THE COAST
Cards have, been issued for the wedding
of Miss Di Louise Qolder and Henry Fed
derson Jurs. superintendent of the Benlcla
Agricultural Works. It is to be an Easter
wedding.
They're Engaged.
Lillian Rosenzweig and Marcus J.
Netter will be married at 6 p. m. to-day at
the .California Hotel, and shortly | there
after will go on an extended trip toithe
Eastern States. • ¦ •¦ < '¦ •
Mr. . and Mrs. L. Levy of Fresno will
leave for Europe April 2. They will be at
home at 2030 Pine street, San FranclBCO,
to-day, from 2 to 5 p. m.
_Mrs. Joseph Nordman and Miss Blanch
Nordman will leave to-day for a visit to
the southern part of the State.
on Wednesday, April 8. At home the first
Wednesday of every month thereafter.
Jake Spits is traveling through Mexico.
Mrs. Louis Gafesner and daughter have
gone to Los Angeles, where they will meet
Mr. Gassner on his return from New
York.
In Society
>~ ¦-/ WO swell affairs, the Bcott
I" luncheon, in . honor of Mrs.
([ I Francis Harrison, Mrs. Burton
(V I .Harrison and Mrs. Whltelaw
\^*- L y Reid, and the Crocker dinner,
In honor of Mrs. Fish and her
party, kept the social world
busy and happy during the past week.
The announcement of Hugh Tevis' en
gagement to Miss Baxter gave. the exclu
sive set most palatable " food for gossip,
and therefore the past eeven days may
be eet down as pleasant and successful
ones.
Holy week Is to be strictly observed, and
after the Easter bells ring out merrily
there Is to be a brief period of gayety be
fore the season closes. -
Mr. -and Mrs.. Lloyd Osboarne have been
visiting the south, accompanied by Miss
Rosenstlm and Miss Ethel Wyman. The
party was extensively entertained In San
ta Barbara. Miss Wyman, who is on a
short sojourn to the coast, is about to re
turn to Europe to be married to the
Courjt von Serchenfeld. a promising young
diplomat in the Bavarian Ministry.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott gave a dinner at
the University Club on Monday afternoon,
March 25. In honor of Mrs. Whitelaw
Reid, Mrs. ¦ Burton Harrison ! and Mrs.
Frances Burton Harrison. Among others
at table were: Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs.
William G. Irwin. Mrs. J. Downey Har
vey, Mrs. Joseph Grant Mrs. Ansel Eas
ton, Mrs. Joseph Crockett, Mrs. Irving
.M. Scott, Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs. Hor
ace B. Chase, Mrs. Gordon Blanding, Mrs.
George A. Pope. Mrs. Horace D. Plllsbury.
Mrs. Dlmond, Mrs. F. P. Howard. ' Mrs.
Chauncey Winslow, Mrs. Schwerln, Mrs.
Warren D. Clark, Mrs) Dearborn, Mrs.
Ruesfcll J. Wilson. Mrs. Easton. Mrs. John
Babcock, Mrs. Oegood Hooker, Mrs. I.
Lawrence Pools, Mrs. Eells. Mrs. William
Crocker, Mrs. Ralph C. Harrison, Mrs.
William Babcock, Mrs. 'Harry Babcock,
Mrs. MacMonagle, Miss Caro Crockett.
Miss Georgia Hopkins. Miss Mary Scott.
Miss Unda Cadwalader, Miss Frances
Hopkins, Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs. W.
H. Taylor Jr., Miss Taylor, Miss Howard
and Miss Laura McKinstry-
.Home Gatherings.
Mrs. Josephine Robinson, president of
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3, W. R. C. had
a party at her home, 2409 Folsom street,
a few evenings since in celebration of the
anniversary of her birth. The house was
prettily and patriotically decorated and
there were present in addition to a num
ber of personal friends the officers of the
corps. Mrs. Robinson, who is au adept in
the art of entertaining, made the occa
sion a most enjoyable one. Those who
attended were: Mrs. M. Dunphy, Mrs. D.
Mortimer, Mrs. M. Furguson, Mrs. C.
Bornstead, Mrs. E. Leeds, Mrs.;C. Green,
Mrs J. K. Vaughn. Mrs. M. Sheldon, Mrs.
C. Robinson. 'Mrs. S. Conklin. Mrs. M.
Thompson, Mrs. C George.
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Friedman celebrated
their crystal wedding on Thursday even
ing, March 21, at their residence, 1111 Post
street. The decorations were artistic and
beautlfUi. Smilax and American beauty
roses were used exclusively. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. 61. Berger, Mr.
and Mrs. Wilkins, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Wheeler. Mr. and Mrs. Gus Hartman,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Cohn. Judge Ca
baniss and wife, Professor Mersbach and
wife, Mr. and Mrs. Konlgstein, Mr. and
Mrs. Felix Gross, Mr. and Mrs. Joe War
ner .Joseph Rothchlld, Misses O'Connor,:
Miss A. Small, Misses Nordman, Miss B.
Tenney, Miss R. Andrews, Sel Rodgers, '
A. Newmark. A. Hall and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. Melvin. Colonel Murphy, Miss Sadie
P. Brown. Miss Olive Warner. Mrs. Ray
Brown and Mr. and Mrs. Sam Friedman.
A most delightful afternoon party was
given by Mrs. Hattie Y. Jones at her res
idence, S17 Grove street, on last Wednes
day. The spacious parlors and dining
room were handsomely decorated with a
profusion of smllax, lilacs, peach blos
soms, cut flowers and potted ferns. Those
present were: Mrs. F. W. Jones, Mrs.
Flora Rodgers, Mrs. Fred Rothman, Mrs.
Minnie Simon. Mrs. M. H. Atkins, Mrs.
C. A. Jones, Mrs. George B. Mackrett,
Mrs. Kate Rufflno, Miss N. Frances Mul
len, Mrs. Graff. At 4 o'clock the party
sat down to a delightful luncheon.
A very enjoyable whist and euchre party
waa given at the residence of Mr. ' and
Mrs. J. J. Whitney, 116* O'Farrell street,
Wednesday evening, March 20. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. New
man, Mr. and Mrs. Lillie, Mr. and Mrs.
Foster, Mr. and Mrs. I>rake, Mr. and Mrs.
Whitney, Florence Temple, M. D.; Edith
Carpenter. Millie Willie, Mrs. Marsh,
Messrs. Trott, C. V. Miller. Keller, Dar.
rell, Gans, Stevens, T. Winders.
A birthday party v.-as given to Miss M.
Murray at her residence, 503 Taylor street,
Saturday evening, March 9. Those pres
ent were: Miss A. Murray, W. Baker,
Miss E. Burke, jl- Hellbush. Miss C.
Waldron, F. Gaffenfey. Miss L. Greggory.
C. Chilton, Miss A. Martell, J. Monahan,
Miss M. Murray, J. Mohan. Miss T. Kil
garrlff. J. Gilhooly. Supper was served
at 12 o'clock.. .¦ . ...
Club Parties.
On Monday, March 25, Mrs. Louis
Schwabacher gave a dinner to the in
mates of the Hebrew Home for Aged Dis
abled, at 507 Lombard street, and later
in the afternoon strved luncheon and en
tertained the old folks. Mrs. A. Ehrman,
Mrs. Getzed, Mrs. S. Blum, Miss J.
Schwatacher, Mrs. J. Steam, Mrs. M.
Blum and Mrs. H. Wangenheim assisted
Mrs. Schwabacher In entertaining the old
people.
Last Tuesday evening, March 26, the
Pleasure Seekers, a well known and pop
ular club, gave its annual banquet About
forty members were present. Speeches
¦were made by different officers and mem
bers and well-known talent went far to
make the evening enjoyable. Fred Suhr
Jr. acted as toastmaster. The club an
nounces its annual picnic to be given at
Fernbrook Park, on April 21.
A large and enthusiastic gathering of
students, friends and teachers of the San
Francisco Business' College, together with
their little mascot. Florence Healy, en-
Joyed an excursion to Mill Valley Satur
day, the 23d. The party was well pro-'
vided with refreshments, music, games
and everything else that goes to make
such an outing a happy affair. The en
thusiasm of the students was manifested
by flying colors and the frequent repeti
tion of the college yells.
J. A. Dunleavy was presented with a
gold watch fob by the members of the
Golden Gate Outing Club and the ladles'
auxiliary of the same organization. The
presentation speech was made by the
Hon. William H. Grounley and was re
plied to in a few. vr ell-chosen remarks.
After the presentation dancing was in
dulged In till a late hour by the club.
"Wedding Bells.
A pretty, home wedding took place Tues
day evening. March 26. at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. John Wiemann of Lorln,
Berkeley, when their niece, Miss Meta
Wiemann. became the bride of William
F. Krahn. 'The bridesmaid was Miss Ida
Overgard, and George H. Miesner acted
as groomsman. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev, Dt. Long. Wednesday
morning the young couple left for the
south. Upon their return they will take
up their residence in Lorln. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. Miesner, "J. Mies
ner, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wiemann,
Charlas Wiemann Jr., Mr. and Mrs R
Krahn, Miss Guasle Krahn. Mr. and Mrs'
J. Hayes, Miss Leggett, Miss G. M. E>ahf
Miss Sorrenscn, Miss J. Spencer, Miss M
Pederson. George Johansen, Mr. and Mrs
Schnoor, Mr. and Mrs. Voger, Mr. Sor
rensen. Mrs. F. Horns. Mrs. L. MastruD
Mrs. Dlxon. J. O'Connor, C. Mlnert. Mrs
Hunekamp. Mr. and Mrs. Roust, H. Hoy.
nip FA. Schmleg, Miss C. Krahn. Miss
B. Krahn. Charles Krahn and J. Krahn.
In the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Crokner will hold & re
ception this Sunday, March 31, at 33 Moss
street, from 2 to 6 p. m. j : . .
The Astorlas will give a ball in Golden
Gate Hall -next Tuesday evening, April 2.'
The members of the Allquando Club an
nounce their next reception for Wednes
day evening. April 10. at Mission Parlor
Hall. The committee of - arrangement «
consists of C. E. Ualzarin, D?.
bunv George Quinlon, G. Harold 8anrr v
H. F*. Stieper and Charles B . $SlL T Xt
Personals.
Mrs. Joseph Nbrdman and Miss Blanche
Nordman, 2505 Clay street, will leave
March 3L f or a tour through the southern
part of the Sta.te. Their first stop "will b*
made at 8anta Barbara. * °*
MIrs Ethel Clement has ! ron» Vm ¦?'
where she will remain until October. "**
Mrs. Jooegh Fel«enbaum will be pleased
to receive b«r ««ad» at 2713 Clay iuwt
BLESSING PALMS
IN THE CHURCHES
Impressive Services to Be
Held in Catholio Edi
fices To-Day.
Sermons to Be Preached by Ministers
'of Every Denomination — Mrs.
Edholm to Talk on "Social
Purity."
Palms will be blessed and distributed In
all the Catholic churches to-day. Palm
Sunday will bo observed with solemn cere
monies. Holy week ceremonies In St.
Mary's Cathedral will be most impressive,
Tiie blessing and distribution of the palms
will take place before high mass at 11
o'clock. The Lenten devotions of the Cal
varlaa Society will be held in the after
noon at 3 o'clock. Rev. J. W. Sullivan
•will deliver a discourse on "Holy Week."
There will be vespers, sermon and bene
diction at 8 o'clock In the evening.
Palms will be distributed before the 10:30
mass in St. Ignatius Church. There will
be chanting during the. blessing of the
palms. The Passion will be read from the
pulpit in English at the 7:S0, E:30, 9:30 and
10:30 masses. Rev. Father Woods, S. J.,
will deliver the discourse In the evening.
Archbishop Rlordan will administer con-;
flrmation in the Spanish church et S
o'clock p. m.
Christians' Passion Week.
Mrs. E. fcaholm will preach on "Social
Purity" at the Potrero M. E. Church this
evening.
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity M.
E. Church will preach on "Soul Winning"
this morning and on "Christianity and
Buddhism" this evening:.
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Christian's Passion Week" and in
the evening on "The Password for the
Kingdom."
Rev. J. N. Beard of the Trinity M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
Love of Souls" and In the evening on
"Why a Christian?"
Rev. W. M. Woodward of the Epworth
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Lord's Witnesses" and In the even-
Ing on "A Vision of God."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach thi$ morning on
••Christ, the King." and in the evening on
"Young Men. Arise."
The usual service for m«n only will be
held at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Mason and Ellis streets, this aft
ernoon.
Rev. A. C. Bane of th© California M. E.
Church will preach this morning on
••Gethsemane" and In the evening on "The
First Sin and Its Consequences."
Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller of the Central
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Bringing in the Triumph of Jesus" and
in the evening on "The Inner Kingdom."
Rev. Jchn Hemphill of Calvary Presby
terian Church wHlpreach this morning on
"Not Kools but Wise Men" and in the
evening he will discuss "Clan Fraser."
The Lord's Entry.
.W. H. Hinkley of Boston will discuss
"The Lord's Entry Into Jerusalem" be
fore the Society of the New Jerusalem
Church this morning.
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gTcgatlona! Church will preach this morn
lr.g on "A Cell Wherein No Man Ever Tet
Sat" and in the evening on "The Gates of
Righteousness."
liev. F. S. Ford of the First Christian
Church will preach this morning on "All
or Nothing-" and in the evening "But Ye
Would Not."
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "Palms and Crosses" and in the
evening on "Is It Right to Die-Rich V.'
"Solomon's Choice" will be th© subject
of a sermon to be preached this evening
by Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church.
Rev. J. S. Thomas of the Howard Pres
byterian Church will preach this morning
en "A Sure Cure for the Blues."
Rev. W. E. Dugan of the Stewart Me
morial IL P. Church will preach this
morning on "Memory in Eternity" and in
the evening on "The Seal of the Soul and
thft Testimony of God."
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian Church •will preach this morning on
"The Armor of Life."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the H.oward-
Etreet M. E. Cnurch will preach this morn
lr.g on "The Crucifixion and in the even
ing he will discuss "The Religious Rela
tion of the Body."
Rev. T. Brown of the Zion A. M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "We
Have Found Him."
COIJLECTOB LYNCH
FILES A PEOTEST
Says Ee Cannot Do 'Work of Sis Of
fice With Reduction of
Employes.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch Trtred
a strong protest yesterday to the Com
missioner of Internal Revenue against
the recent order cutting down the appro
priations. He represented that the pro
posed reduction -would allow his office
J2SO0 less than was allowed Collector "Wel
burn In 1E97, while the collections for the
last fiscal ye&£ exceeded those of 1S97 by
42 per cent_JBR spirit gauging by 42 per
cent also ana the sweet win© production
by 57 per cent.
"Deputies Worth and. Walker finished
their month's work yesterday -In the office
of Special Agent. Burt M. Thomas. Col
lector Lynch says that he has not yet de
termined as to which two of the deputies
will be dispensed with. He says also that
it will be next to impossible to do the
work of the office with the number of men
allowed him under the reduction.
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 31,^190 1.
26
LARKSPUR. I Cal.— Wanted to I furnish I board
and lodging to a few nice people with ref-
erences; .accommodations, first-class. Ad-
dress P. O. box M. ' Larkspur, CaL
'
Commencing 1IONDAT, APRIL. 1st.
LAST FIVE PERFORMANCES
NO SATURDAY MATINEE THIS WEEK.
Of the Magnificent Comic Opera,
••••••-••••••••*•»-?¦•»»>••«?
THE!
,,? Don't Miss the Last Chance i 1
[.;;!! toHear/Ihls Splendid Musi- ;;>
? t cal and Comedy Hit J '<•
A GREAT BUDGET OF CATCHY SONGS.
A BOOKFUL. OF BREEZY ' DIALOGUE.
, Musical Director— PAULi BTEINDORFF.
SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL 6,
Comes the Peerless Opera,
"THE IDOL'S EYP'-KpotMu!
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at !•• '
POPULAR PRICES— S5c and BOo.
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEB TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
.TO-NIGHT.
«'T00 MUCH JOHNSON."
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Bnete Harte's -Dramatized Novel.
A „««,« TENNESSEE'S
Story of
tb.™.^ PARDNER.
Beautiful Realistic Bcenerr.
PPICES • ;¦ - ¦ rT"i5 Ct 25c, 35c, 50c
i'HONii ..v.v..v.i.v.:.::....:.:souTii .«« .
SPECIALS-NIGHT!
4 = Round Boxing latch
OSCAR GARDNER,
Who Is Matched With TERRY McGOVERN
Versus • \ -, ¦
JOB BERNSTEIN,
The Famous Featherweight!
¦ : In Conjunction -With » ¦
"THH ANGEL OF THEVALLEY,"
PRICES.. .....•........'.,.....'.... lie, Kc, 88c. Mo
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
Wm. McDonald, ; Mullaly Sisters. Mah»l . Mar-
tln..De Camp and.Murdock. the Melvern Fam-
ily, Tom Mack and ' Hlnrichs' Orchestra. ; Re-
Btrved Seats, { 2Sc. , Matinee ; Sunday. ¦, ,\ -,. ,
$1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS. ~*
Week Commencing TO-DAY, Sunday Matinee,
— • March 31.
DIRECT FROM ST. PETERSBURG.
IVAN TSCHERNOFF
THE ANIMAL KINO.
And the. World's Most Wonderful Canine Act.
Presenting? the Rolllcklnsr Farce, "Over the
Pike."
:: AGIRLOFaUALlfr ;
A Talented Singer of Stunning Beauty.
Ti^nVFoi^ifiLL
The Famous Australian Baritone.
The Singing and Talking Philosopher.
caiXahan^/vnd mack
Celtic Comedian* and Musicians.
SCOTT AND WILSON
Acrobatic Comedians.
Showing:, Among Other Views. Queen Victoria's
Funeral.
FINAL WEEK OF
« 4 ™WAIKWRIGHT
. ASSISTED BY
EDWARD ELSNER and a Clever Company.
¦ V. Presenting Her New Production,
"JOSEPHINE AND NAPOLEON."
Parquet, 25 cents, any *eat; Balcony, 10 cents;
Children, 10 cent3, any part except reserved.
A few front Orchestra Rows reserved, 60 cents;
front rows of Balcony reserved, £3 cents.
KOROSCO'S BRAND OPERA-HOUSE
THIS SUNDAY EVENING.
Complimentary BtnefH to TUOS. H ANDREWS.
Master Machinist for This Theater for th*
Past Seventeen Years.
The Farcical Comedy,
"THREE HATS."
Characters by Virginia Calhoun, Helen Har~
graves. Miss O'Netl. Minnie Elsworth E. J
Hlunkall. Zellah Covinxton. Frederick Hart-
ley, Ernest lilveriz. T. J. McCrane. T» be fol-
lowed by a grand olio, to which Miss Olge B.
Wagner. Chas. W. Coglll, Samuel Housworth
Dick Mack. Dutch Walton, The Fl#chtels
Clarence Lyndon. Mat Keefe, Anita Faliun.
Chas. Montgomery. Rlgoletto Quartet and
FERRIS HARTMAN will contribute.
PRICKS-lOc, 15c. 25c and BOc.
Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75 cents.
Reopening of the New Stock Season Saturday
"Evening Next In the Grand Easter
. Dramatic Spectacle,
"CINDERELLA."
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
Barnes' Dog and Pony Show.
AL AND Iff ATVrm ANBEBSON
SWOB. AND HATHAWAY, GEo'
. AUSTIN MOOBEy RO SELL AND
CIXH7GH, NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
AMATEUR NIGHT, THURSDAY;
Telephone tor Seats. Park tS.
PfSl I1RARIA wFwasan
vUlnUmlllH laawiHURs
TO-NlGHT~^g
ONE MORE WEEK
CH ARLES FROHMAN PreMStS
success THB
OF THE _ wwrwvw w-r
century. I n^Tr¥ F7
MINISTER
BT J. M.' BAT.RIE.
Founded en hla novel of the uat nsmsw
NEXT ATTRACTION!
TWO WEEKS. SSSKJ'y 0 . Appn
BLANCHE _.n
WALSH,
In tn» Imperial Bpeetacls^
MORE THAN QUEEN
The meat gonreoua production knowa to tha
¦tax*.
BALE OF BEATS BEQIXS THXJRSDAT.
UNION COURSING PARK
...TO-DAY...
Sunday ------ March 81
OPEN
AMD
Sapling Stakes
120 NomiNATioNs-120
SIOOO ! p t u^e l SIOOO
TBA1JI 8EKV1CB.
Leaves Tbtrd and Townsend street* 10:15
a. m.. 11 a. m.. U m. and 1p.m. Returning
at 4:45 p. m. and aftar th* last course. Baa
Mateo elnctrto cars «vvtt «lx minutes.
ADMISSION 25c LADIES FREE.
DAT EC TANFORAN
IlilvC J park
THE SAN FRAHflSCa JOCKEY CLUB,
WEEK APRIL. 1ST TO «T5L
BXX HIGH-CLASS RACES EACH DAT.
TUESDAY— HURDLE RACE. M
THURSDAT-HANDICAP {
SATURDAY-COLTS' IND TRIAL STAKES. 1
NEXT WEEK-SEVERAL BIO EVEMTSk «
First Race Dally at Z:io P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend strft*— ?
»:J0. ll:S0 a. m.; 12:W. 1. 1:30. 2 p. m. .•
Ue turning leave Track 4:U and thereatUr nt
short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for lad.-*
ami rscortK. HSMMhsBBMBaMBMsssMsBW
ADMISSION (INCLUDDIO R. R. FARE) a »
« t 70^ LATHAM. Bec^ta^'.
a. J. POWER, Racing Secmarj.
¦ ' APVEBTiSEmarrs. ; .•
1 0 HAVE BEEN RESTORED TO HEALTH BT I
I m LYDIA E. PINKHAM'S J
9 /( VEGETABLE COMPOUND j
I / / 4fg«P$|L. Their letters a.re on file in Mrs. Pinkham*s |
I ' I office* SLiid prove this statement to be |
1 I Jpf?^ ®j%3k * fact* not a. mere boast. Women g
1 \€f 'J^W& muff take into consideration tfhis great a
I Vfc^^-i^^ : ».na \inequalled record >€ ' M: j
H . *~; • Overshadowing, indeed, is the succes. of Mrs. Pink- «
% f§i?*&»~. h am>s medicine. Compared with it all .other medicines for |
'* I^^^S^^*» svr*£Zk&zSz£i womcn are experiments. gj
" Why has Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound jy
£ vB//W^^^i\ accomplished its widespread results for good? Q
$ J^Wjrflf^i I Why has it lived and thrived and done it3 glonous y
I vMlSGliP*P\ I wor k *° r a q uartcr °f 3 century ? • |
I \ I Simply and surely because of its sterling worth. The |
\ /^^^^^^K \ I rcason no ot^ cr medicine has even approached its success is g
I I plainly, and positively because there is no other medicine |
\ l^^^^^^^^Mi 1 so g 00^ f° r woman's ills. -» |
1 ¦ fe^^p^^gi^P^ % These important facts when you ask for a bottle of Lydia S
| " H E - Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at your druggist's : If fj
1 Hr^^I^^^P^^l^^ • t^ le c^ cr^ as^ s vou to ta^ e "something else," telling you 55}
I ' t^ lat lt 1S "j ust SLS g oo< i " or "much better" — to be better, #
1 xt must 6^ 011^ mre an 500,000 women; to be as |
I B o °d> it rnust have cured as many as 500,000 women — let |j
' f^^^^^H^H^n m P r °duce his proof! Such a thing is impossible. The |
W^^^P-^^^P^^ medicine he offers you is only an experiment. All he knows ||
¦ about it is that he can make a little more profit on it than h
I S^^P^^^^^^^S e Can ° n W^ at 0U want# ' I
i • M^^S^^^^^S Don't let druggists experiment on you. Demand the |
IM^^^^^^^^^^ medicine that you know is all right, that has no equal, that |
/p^^M^^^^^^ backs all its statements with positive proof. When you S
iSffiH^S know that no other medicine in the world exclusively for S
M^^^^^^^^^^^^ women has received such unqualified endorsement, is it wise o
to let a dealer persuade you to buy something else which |
W^P^^^r^^^f^'^L e sa^ s 1S "J ust g 00^*" and all you have in proof Lj S
Wise is the woman who insists upon having il
S^^^W Lydi©L E. Fir\khean's I
fe^^*^^ Ve^etocble Compound 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• French r «
S Straight-Front S
I CORSETS, 8
• i£% Full 8
• *KFt' Bias •
S Gored. §
8 L<^^/ Bon Ton 8
S /#^vfl& Royal o
1 M "VJ Wor " 8
•• At In Q es t er - %
5 $1.00 to $15.00 I
8 a Pair. •
o • ¦¦ ¦ •- • ©
S 6 Geary St., 3
• ? ¦'-¦'- ., *
2J Corner Kearny. $>
2 CHESTER F. WRIGHT S
w - - ¦ - :¦¦' ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ A
DAI A 0 C These hotels pos-
p/\L/\y£ sess the attributes,
¦ that .tourists and
pnfj . travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
HRAMD lib * ral mana s e -
i UlinliU ment, modern ap-
'llftTni'O,"' pointments -and
nil 1 1 L5i p c r f . e c * cuisine >
_ . " American and Eu-
San FranClSCO. ropean plans.
AMXTSEMENTS.
BELASCO*"oTHAUS \jfeXflP
7 Phon» 8outh B33.
MATTNEB TO-DAY- Prices, : 10c. 15cj 25c.
TO-NIGHT, LAST PERFORMANCH,
UiNCLE TOWS CABIN.
Most .Gorgeous .Production Ever' Been Here
Plantation Bongs and Dances; Jubilee Singers
pj/if'h^ Evenings :..lOo, J5c, 3.">c, due
1I1IVL.J Matinees lOp. 15o 25c
Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY)— Im-
portant Engagement of America's ¦* Foremost
Tragedian, . . .-.
ROBERT DOWNING,
• In a • Stupendous Production of " •
"THE GLADIATOR."
Mr. Downlng's First Appearance) at Popular
1 Prices. ¦ ;.. ./¦
**JMm* B IVi M I A* cor. ma st on
THE ONLY TREE VAT7DEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
ROSCOB and SIMS,
Musical Artists.
CLINTON iyipNTGOMERY
' And , his illustrated war songs.
THE KOEBBRS,
Sensational : aeiialists.
QUBRITA VINCENT,
'-¦¦¦»'¦'•¦.• California's' 'favorite, songstress.
AND ' OUR . CELEBRATED v STOCK ; COM-
':¦'*', MATINEE EVERY. SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
"ADMISSION FREEw '
ADVEBnSEMENTS.
( I V^-^T^ ALL OTHER
fS^*£i I SUBSTITUTES
fi^p^ij' 1 jj FOR LARD OR
t^il^y?^ \ butter f ° r
V^^^f^ ! COOKING
&$WM$ ! HAVE FAILED
%/lfillfcr I BECAUSE OF"
M- THE ODOR
•r^^f^rs ; 1 AND TASTE
i GIVEN THE
****(«*! H FOOD IN
" mi **¥.l I • WHICH THEY
" V Jre& ARE US£D *
f: - ¦ b
«M U om4 or tr «(Btn ud over *rtla viia lh« H
lMt «rej> Lm (Jon. IU »Fr~Ui!nf wctfc. I* remain* H
nrwt, per* and cImls U tt« lot ud tt*t not ex- H
ct*as«tie£»Tc*of tie rarimji r<»4f «xjul la it I
iiijjiw ¦¦imim i-nl
jgilk.Evei'y Woman
Sn^nqmffik^tntnestediind toonid know
S$^$§B!P RVEL WhJri!n 3 Spray
X^^f<a>'S»8fr Tg » t Mt^Mo»t Convenient,
A*7****'"*lJ«i tmrtL wE ! *?$L <
J f h* oanno: innplr the < ' —^^
other, but teaUiump for On*- \S£:§wi&%— -
trated boofc — *i«c ItclTMfnll VpEfKmtBlV&Ls
partxrolart and directions IhtUb flwM§KS#
(JHatol»dlC»- MAUVJEI.CQJ %Sf ¦
: — '^
AjyVEELTISEXTENTS*
DERMATOLOGISTS,
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or «car. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bald heads. Hnurt 1 to 4 p. in. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoa bide., 1170 Market at
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29, S. F. Brahman Tolie't
Cream, 60c; Brahman Tooth Powder. 25c. All
druggists. . Large stock always at J. S. Potts'
Drue Co. . ¦. •
' ¦ " •:' ; . ¦' • . _' ¦¦ j !
fc "" , -». •¦
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW'
Changed" hands.' 'Will hereafter be open the
year round.- -Bus meets lj. o'clock - train from
city until April 15. then meets all trains The
culinary, department will receive special 'atten-
tion. For rates and particulars address HOTFI..
MOUNT VIEW. Ro»b Valley. Marln Co.. Cat?
KENILWORTH INN— Romantically situated In
Mill Valley; 50 minutes', ride from Ban Fran-
cisco: completely furnished; 40 rooms; steam
' and -hot water baths; electric lights; heaters
throughout: elevators, etc. ; rent- low. A Duly
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market fit.
LARKSPUR, CaL— Camping ground* and
board furnished to -. gentlemen with refer-
ences; ' five ¦ minutes from station and ten
from salt water bathing. Addresa P. O. box
• 84, Larkspur. Cal. •¦ • ;¦-.¦. . y ¦ , - V • - .*"Colonel" Tom Andrews, the veteran
master mechanic of " the' Grand : Operas
house, will be tendered a beneflt'at : that
theater this evening.' The : programme
will consist of the three-act comedy, '..The
Three Hats," together with ; a .vandevllle
performance. Mr. Andrews is very popu
lar "with -the members ? of ¦ the - theatrical
profession and many' leading lights will
take part in his benefit/ assuring an enter
tainment of undoubted merit.
Benefit for Veteran Mechanic.
A benefit In which great Interest Is be
ing taken has been arranged- in behalf of
the free ward of the California Eye and
Ear Hospital, to take place on Tuesday
evening, April 9, -at the Tivoll. "The
Idol's Eye" will be presented, and spe
cialties from other theaters In ; the city
will feature ths programme. >
Among ; the ladles who ; have arranged
the benefit, with the co-operation of Man
asrer Leahy of the Tivoll, are Mrs. Robert
White, Mrs. H. A. Hedger and <Mrs. Al
fred Clarke. The hospital has long occu
pied a prominent place among the great
est of public charities in this city, and its
worthy object is familiar to the public.
It is managed by a number of public spir
ited ladies, who devote time and means to
its welfare. There has been a steady de
mand for seats , at the" theater ;. and '¦ the
hospital for this benefit, which will at
tract a large and fashionable audience. -
Entertainment for a Hospital.
Harmony Chapter on last Thursday re
ceived by initiation Mrs. Augusta Blick
Mrs. Myron Kiplen. Dr. Benjamin Stych
and Charles Carolan; also Mrs. E. Mark
l^y and Mrs. Hattie Doyle by affiliation.
There were present about 175 members of
the order, including many of the officers
of locaJ chapters. The initiatory work
was performed by all who took part in It
In a manner that was most commendable.
At an elaborate banquet that followed the
closing of the chapter there were ad
drosses by C. L. P. Marais. J. H. Gray,
Charles L. Field, vocal selections by Dr
B. Stych and Professor Carl Krote and
instrumental selections by Miss Jennie
Gardener. The very pleasant gathering
was presided over by Worthy Matron
Mrs. Margaret Kelton and Worthy Patron
R. N. Carson. The supper committee was
Mrs. Annie Williams, chairman; Mes
dames Anna Johnson, Cornehl, Carson.
Lucas, Gee and Lindsey and Messrs.
Last Tuesday night Ivy Chapter initi
ated four candidates, after which there
v.-at- a. bancuet and a pleasant hour for
the larpe number of members and visitors.
This chapter has completed all Its ar
rangements for its fancy dress party and
floral cantcta by flowers of the chapter
in Golden Gate Hall on the night of Eas
ter Tuesday. April S. Eight o'clock has
been fixed as the time for the grand
match.
The Bastern Star.
The inont ruccessful affair that was ever
given by La CFtr^ila Parlor In the line
of entertainment was Us picnic in the
basement of th* Native Sons' Hall last
Wednesday r.ip-ht. The place had been
converted fcy intans of boughs and evr
frrerns into a rriniature wood, and under
th.! trees tho two hundred and fifty couple
tv1:o utt.?r<S<»d er.;nyed lunch. There were
races ;ir.3 porr.<-s and dancing. It was a
novel loea that was well carried out, and
v.-d5 Hie c^ual oj many of the best out
door Licr.lcs.
Mrs. J. Tyler. Jennie M. Stark, Jennie
Flemming. Mellie T. Mulcay. Mrs. J. J.
Meyer, Emma Greunninger, Louise Seller.
Kmma Ludemar.n. Mrs. J. Wright and
Elizabeth Hc-nrix have been named . by
Oro Fino Parlor as a committee to ar
range for a grand souvenir ball, to be
given In Golden Gate Hall on the night of
the 2€th of April, in celebration of the
fourteenth anniversary of the founding of
the parlor. This committee has promised
to make the ball one of the best social
functions that the parlor has ever pre
pared.
Calavoras Parlor hag presented to Mrs.
Rebekah Kemp Van Ee, the talented mu
eician of Alta Parlor, a beautiful Dresden
dish in appreciation of her services to
Beauty Parlor when It needed music at
Initiations.
The following named have visited the
office of the grand secretary within the
last few days: Alice Muson of La Es
trella. Belle W. Conrad. P. G. P.; Lilly O.
Relchllng, founder of the order; Josephine
Coddington of Orinda Parlor, Mrs. B. S.
Smith, Agnes Hunter and Louise Biggio
of Alameda. Mrs. M. H. Green of Buena
Vista Parlor, Mrs. Mary Meyers. D. D. G.
P.; Mrs. J. Herri ntton. Anna Xixon and
Mary Howard of Amapola Parlor, Mrs.
S. R. Porter, Tillie M. Frick of Aloha Par
lor; Jennie Brown, past president of Pied
mont Parlor; Dr. Florence Temple of Da
rin* Parlor, Miss Noonan of Alta Parlor,
Miss Hyams of Sans Souci Parlor, Clara
Fotheringham of Amapola Parlor, Lena
Hllke Mills. P. G. P.; Mamie Ryan of
Veritae Parlor. Mary Kane and Kmma
Kane of Oakland. Mrs. Carrie Armstrong
of Berkeley, Julia A. Steinbach of Alta
Parlor, Rosa Belle Moller of Las Lamas.
Sara Frances Coniff of Joaquln Parlor.
Esther Katz and Ann Janssens of Sutter
Creek, Minnie F. Dobbins and Emma
Clarke of Sans Souri Parlor.
>y-~-f~\ RS. EMA GETT. grand
/A f\\ president of the Native
// \\ Daughters of the Golden
W l) w «*. »aid the last offl-
T-ly,. LJLJc^ clal vislt of her term to
San Francisco parlors
last Monday night, when
ehe was with Sans Souci Parlor. The offi
cers initiated three candidates In a most
acceptable manner and several strangers
were elected. The grand president gave
the parlor a great deaJ-of information and
sound, sensible advice for the good of the
order. There were also addresses by
Graxd Vice President Mrs. Genevieve Bak
er and District Deputy President Mrs. Ag
gie Lunstedt. During the evening Mrs.
L. Munson, the financial secretary, was
presented a handsome bureau set In token
ot the parlor's appreciation of her faith
ful services. A banquet followed, at which
there were short addresses by Past Grands
Mrs. Conrad and Mrs. Tillman. Past Grand
Treasurer Ki'za D. Keith and a number
of others. Mrs. Sadie Osterman was the
mistress of ceremonies.
On the night of the 21st inst. San Miguel
Parlor entertained the members of the
Saji Miguel Alliance Club in Douglass
HalL There was a pleasing programme
and addresses, one of which was by R. S.
Kirk. a. pioneer of '49. who congratulated
the parlor and the order on the progress
it has made and advised the members "to
fulfill the grand mission which is God
Civen and by your bright example be
come a great power for good and a bless
iT-g to your country. In this new cen
tury, when women are advancing all over
the world as leaders, I am proud to feel
assured that your order will be distin
guished for aJI that is good and true."
The following night another circle was
Instituted at'CoIma with twenty-six mem
bers, the Instituting officers being the
same Who did the work the evening pre
vious. The officers of the new grove are:
Past Arch Druid, J. Mossl; arch Druidess,
Miss Camille Morgana; nrst bard M!ss C.
Knowlton; second bard, Mrs. Demartlnl;
secretary, Mrs. Drr Beatty; treasurer. J.
Erwin; conductor, A. Stampanoni; inside
guard, Mrs. Kane; outside guard. J. Bow
er. At -each institution J. F. Martlnoni,
P. N. G. A.;"J. M. Graves, grand secre
tary, and L. A. -Wolff. P. N. A., assisted
and spoke encouraging words to the new
ly Inducted members.
Last Monday night a new circle of the
Druidesses, called Olympia Circle, was In
stituted with thirty members in Olympia
Druid Temple by Grand Arch Druidess
Mrs. ThornhiU and grand officers. The fol
lowing named ore the new officers: Past
arch Druid. William Bowe; arch Druidess
Mrs. Jacobsen: first bard. Mrs. C. H.
Drewes; second bard. Miss Connelly;
treasurer. Dr. Mary Bird Bowers; secre
tary, Mrs. I. Noonan;- conductor, H. G.
Arnold; inside guardian, Miss Jacobsen;
outside guardian, Miss Cassin; doctor,
Mary Bird Bowers.
A proposition to have Manzanlta Grove
hold its meetings in Washington Hall In
stead of In Druids' Hall was defeated last
Thursday night.
Santa Rosa Grove has "got a move on"
and is working to increase its member
ship.
Mission Grove at Its last held meeting
Initiated- one stranger, conferred the sec
ond degree on two eliglbles and received
two ' petitions.
Olive Grove received seven applications
at its last held meeting. .
The Druids.
After this month Redwood Circle of the
Women of Woodcraft will meet in Native
Sons' ! building, having abandoned Its
quarters in Union Square Hall.
Some . of the members of Tamalpafs
Camp, who have found that they could
do better If outside of the camp, have
asked for a dispensation from the head
consul to organize a new camp. This has
been granted and the new camp will be
organized in the Pioneer building on next
Wednesday night:'
The Choppers' Friendship Club will give
Its first picnic at Fernbrook Park on
July 14.
The arrival in this city of F. A. FaJken
bergr. head consul of the Woodmen of the
World, was made the occasion of a great
turn out of the members of Golden Gate
Camp last Monday. He was greeted by
about 600 members, who in various ways
expressed their pleasure In meeting with
the neighbor, who, ten years ago," organiz
ed the camp with a handfi^l of members.
The chief officer expressed his delight to
no^e that the camp has grown to a mem
bership of nearly 1300 and to learn that
fifty applications were on file. After the
work of the evening there was an ad
journment to the banquet hall of the Na
tive Sons' building, where a supper was
served, after which the distinguished
visitor held the attention of the audience,
while he, in a most eloquent manner, told
them of the order which in a period of
twelve years has distributed more than
JS.000,000 to the beneficiaries of deceased
members and has erected thousands of
marble headstones to mark the last rest
ing place of those who passed away.
Th?; speaker was followed by Past Head
Conrul Moses, Merton Allen and T. F.
Qulnlan and by vocal selections by the
Tamalpals Quartet and Mr. Basford. J.
S. Paterscn was tho chairman of the even
ing at the supper.
During the week the head consul paid a
visit to Western Addition Camp, where he
gave an interesting talk ajid was after
ward well entertained.
Woodmen of the World.
The 'members of Lincoln Relief Corps
No.' 3. W. R.C., recently tendered a re
ception to Mrs. Cora Merrltt,. the depart
ment president. Among the visitors were
Major. Hill of the Eleventh Maine Volun
teers, who is here looking up old com
rades, one of whom is W. H. Wharff.of
Berkeley. The major lost his right arm
in battle, but as soon as he recovered he
returned to duty and remained until the
close of the war. : During the evening a
beautiful sofa pillow was disposed of for
the benefit of the corps fund, and It real
ized $160. There was a programme of en
tertainment and the serving of coffee and
cakes. Those who contributed to the
pleasure of the evening were Mr. McEvoy,
Arthur Medley, Miss Zela Cook, Mrs.
Presollni, Eddie McEvoy and W. H.
Wharff.
Lincoln Belief Corps.
Senate.*- Mr. Meyers is a Mason, a Grand
Army man and an editor.: Agreeable to
his request, there will not be ,"a blow
out," only an Informal reception at one of
the councils about April 10.
Miss Mollle Thomas, Miss- Helen Button, Miss
Clara Moore. Mltss Louise Kellogg, Misses
Helen and Bessie Ashton, Fred Beaver, - Wil
liam Thomas, Kenneth Moore, Page . Mont
tagle, Leonard Abbott. Randolph Tayton, Sld
i.ey Davis, Kenneth. Monteagle, Julian Lang
ham, Carroll Moore and Allen Van Fleet.
President. Mra. Louis Monte&Kle; vice presi
dent*, Mrs. George A. ' Moore. Mra. W. 8. du
Val, Mrs. C F. Mullins; executive committee
- Miss Kate M. Atkinson. Mrs. David Blxler,
Mrs. W. - H. Crocker. Mrs. A. O. Fry, c Mrs.
Frederlca George, Mrs. Alonzo M. Grim, Mrs.
M. 8. Grinbaum. Mrs. M. H. Hecht, Mrs. M.
B. Kellogg, Mrs. George H. Roe. Mrs. E. B.
Rrdsers. Mrs. A. . H. Vail, Mrs. Slymund
Stern, Mrs. Willlard Wyman, Mrs. George
Beveridge.
The children who assisted at the sale
were:
Light refreshments -were served for the
children.^The ladies of the society who
took a^ prominent part in arranging and
conducting the sale were: ' " .
The ladles of the Pioneer Kindergarten
Society held their annual Easter sale of
the handiwork of the kindergarten chil
dren at the residence of Mrs. George A.
Moore, 2500 Fillmore street, yesterday aft
ernoon. The work of 300 children was rep
resented, and the little ones who were
present were- treated to a very enjoyable
time. The house was tastefully decorated
for the occasion with flowers and potted
plants. Sale stands were. placed in every
room, and under the supervision of the
ladies of the society the children waited
on the throng of customers. A grapho
phone and a fortune teller were prom
inent among the attractions, and a display
of Easter bonnets for dolls was a--unique
feature.
Children Assist Ladies of
Kindergarten Society ,;. ..
at Sale.
At a meeting of the San Francisco
Cabinet last Thursday night President' J.
N. Punting, James E. Field and F. H.
Hastings were appointed a committee to
make arrangements to have a large at
tendance of the members of the order on
the occasion of the visit to this city of
Secretary Meyers of the National Union
SHOW PRODUCTS
OF THEIR SKILL
The national Union.
Special Deputy Wells secured thirty new
members for Willos Lodge in ten days re
cently. These are to be Initiated April
1. He instituted Orland Lodee at Or
land with thirty-five charter members on
the 28th inst. Last Monday this deputy
"and Judge Mllllngton addressed a public
meeting in Willows In behalf of Work
manship.
The extension committee paid a visit
last "Wednesday to Friendship Lodge and
later to San Francisco Lodge. The first
meeting was addressed by Edwin Dan
forth, president of the committee, and the
two meetings were nHdressed by Grand
Rec-rrdT Sper.cer, "Walter Malloy, the
secretary, of the committee; Special
Deputy Dr. Hawley, Past Master Julius
Meyer. District Deputy Cunningham and
lesser lights of the committee.
Crocker Lodge will give Its fourth an
nual entertainment and ball in Mission
Opera Hall on May 11.
Special Deputy R. F. Wells has Just
closed sixty days'. work with Sacramento
and Union lodges of Sacramento, having
In that time placed. sixty members in the
two lodges^. The Initiatory work was per
formed by the team that won the prize at
the last held Grand Lodge session.
Valley Lodge has put forth as its can
didate for the office pf grand overseer E.
F. Joy past and at present master work
man of the lodge. J. M. Gleaves, United
States Surveyor General, is named as a
candidate for that office. Major M. J.
Blackman has withdrawn from the con
test. . -
Yerba Buena Lodge and Forget-Me-Not
Lodge of the Degree of Honor will give a
Joint entertainment, and ball in Odd Fel
lows* Hall on April 11.
Last week the extension committee
paid a visit to Excelsior Lodge at
Excelsior Hall and It was met by many
members of the lodge, i There were a num
ber of addresses by prominent members of
the order and the visitors were enter
tained by a short programme arranged by
the • committee on entertainment. There
were addresses by Grand Receiver Booth.
Colonel Malloy, Major Blackman, Special
Deputy Hawley, District Deputy Hanson,
Past Master Meyer of Washington Lodge
and members of the visited lodge.
Golden Gate Lodge of the Ancient Or
der of Workmen has elected Walter Mal
loy and John H. Danton as Its representa
tives to the Grand Lodge.
Ancient Order of "Workmen.
The musicale that was -given by. Inter
Nos. Circle on the night of the last Tues
day in March in its hall In the Alcarar
building was one of the most enjoyable
functions that this "we load" circle has
ever given. The programme of many num
bers, arranged, by R. Kuhn. Mrs. Emma
A. Harrington. P. G. C. C; Mrs. Drake.
Mrs. Meyers and R. Ensel, was exceed
ingly entertaining. The numbers were
contributed by Professor Groves, John
Hansen, A I Granrer. Mra. Hugo Carbo
netti. S. Hilland, the Oakland Quartet. L.
Harris, Mrs. Lynch. ProfeFsor R!lev, Mrs.
Sanderson, M. Scully and the daughter of
Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Har
rington. "Little" Emma, who is making
her debut as a pianist.
Golden Era Circle will give a domino
party on the night of the 17th of April.
On March 20 Robin Hood Circle ini
tiated four strangers, and. after the
close of the meeting had a candle blowing
contest, in which all the members took
part. The prize was a handsome cahdle
ptl-ck. donated by the ; grand sub-chief
companion. .:-.»•
assisted by Past. Grand Chief Companion.
Mrs. Emma Harrington, Grand Financial
Secretary Miss Bremer. Grand Recording
Secretary Mrs. Atwood. Grand Treasurer
Mrs. Kemp Van Ee and Grand Trustee
Mrs. •."Worms. Sixty-eight have signed the
charter roll and fifty-nine were initiated
on the night of institution. The greater
portion of the newcomers-are from Loyal
Circle of the Companions of the Forest,
F. of A. After the institution and instal
lation there was a 1 collation? served by a
committee., of which Mrs. Sarah Bever
sen was the head. The officers . of the
new circle, which promises to be an active
one, are: Sarah Beverson, J. P. C. C;
May Large, C. C; May Kingston, S. C.
C.; N. E. Drendel, F. S.; Belle Burton,
R. S.; A. Gfroerer, R. G.; M. Lemme, L.
G.; M. Wilkins. O. G.; Lulu Stover, I. G.;
Mrs. E. H. ZeiPlng, O.; Annie Page. D. M.
Morey and S. Massey. trustees. The cir
cle decided to apply to the executive for
permission to enroll Grand Secretary
Cordy, Jacob Label, editor of the Ameri
can Forester Review, and the modest
member of Inter Nos as honorary mem
bers.
On March 18 a new circle called
New Century was instituted by Grand
Sub-chief Companion Miss Alice Ticotilet,
Lorely Circle of the Companions of the
Forest of America will give a grand prize
April fool party in the social hall of the
Alcazar building on the night of the 1st
of April. There will in addition to the
grand prize march be an entertaining pro
gramme.
American •Companions.
The official visit of Grand Sub-chief
Heenan and Deputy J. Glover to Court
Seal Rock was an event in the history of
the court. There was a good attendance,
and the members of the order were de
lightfully entertained by the address of
the grand officer. Charles S. Johnstone,
Ed J. CafCaney and I>r. Charles M.
Troppmann were elected delegates to the
Grand Court. These were pledged to vote
for biennial sessions. Henry L. McKuer
was elected a member of the board ! of
trustees, after which there were a num
ber of addresses under good of the order.
After a close contest Dr. C. I* Sharff.
and Marcus Levy were elected delegates
from Court Magnolia.
E. S. Issacs. Charles Stockwltz, J. Sam
uels and S. B. Levy were after an excU-
Ing election chosen to represent Court
Golden West In the Grand Court-
At the last held meeting of Court Sutro
Heights there were more than seventy
five members present, and many visitor^,
for it was election night and there was a
lively contest for delegates to the Grand
Court. Ed C. Hardinc and Milton A.
Xathan were elected This was follow ft
by a short entertainment by the good of
the order committee, a collation ai:d
cheers for the order.
Court Dixon has elected Ben F. Newby
as its delegate to the Grand Court. This
is the seventh consecutive time that Mr.
Newby has been unanimously elected a9
delegate from his court. This court is
playing in hard luck. Three successive
grand chief rangers promised to pay it an
official visit and the present grand suo
chief ranger! also fixed a time for an of
ficial visit, and for each date fixed tha
court prepared a banquet for the expected
grand officer, but none showed up at
the date fixed, and the members are be
ginning- to lost faith in tne promises of
grand officers as to visitations.
From a report prepared by the Supreme
Secretary It appears that the Foresters of
America have ;aid in benefits in the past
twelve years J8.000.000. The several courts
of the order had on the 1st of last January
in their funds money amounting in the
aggregate to $442,840. an increase over the
preceding year of $237,808. The increase of
membership during the past year was 29,
247. The order now has in good standing
1S4.136 members, of which nearly 16,000 are
In California.
The joint social club of Courts Shell
Mound and Oakland will have a picnic on
the 7th of April.
Grand Junior Woodward Max Grim re
cently paid a visit to Court Confidence in
Placerville. It was an official visit and
was a profitable one. -
Foresters of America.
Alcalde Parlor has elected after a spir
ited contest Emil Lastreto, J. A. Devoto
and L. E Deere as delegates to the Gran4
Parlor. After the election R. H. Andrews
\cas presented a gold medal offered by
Mr. Bretonnel to the member proposing
the greatest number of candidates.
• / i
Grand Marshal Lteve V. Costello-will be
a candidate for grand trustee at the ses
sion of the Grand Parlor at Santa Bar
bara.
The following: named have been elected
delegates to the Grand Parlor from Pa
cific Parlor: Leonard Stone, John P.'
Cannon. T. P. Martin and S. A. D. Jones.
Precita Parlor has elected as % its dele
gates to the Grand Parlor James H. Han
ley and John M. HIckev. After the elec
tion the members adjourned to 'a rotlr
serle, where an elaborate supper wai
served. ,
Stanford Parlor has elected the follow
ing named as delegates to the Grand Par
lor: Charles -H. Stajiyan, D. A. Curtain,
C. D. Steiger and J. Greenberg.
Golden Gate Parlor has elected the fol
lowing named as its delegates: I David
Wilson. Fred Suhr Jr., John K. Mclsaac
and John J. Harrington. '
Arrangements have been completed for
the institution of a new parlor at Brent
wood.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Last Tuesday evening Unity Chapter
celebrated the nineteenth anniversary of
Its institution, when Past Patron J. Mil
ton MaGuire, who 'was .the first patron,
presided by invitation of Patron H. E.
Adams. Among the visitors were Mrs.
Paitrldge. P. G. W. M., of Golden Gate
Chapter: George L. Darling, P." G. P.;
Mrs. A. D. Wilson. P. G. M.; Grand Sec
retary Mrs. W.llats and representatives
of a number of chapters. At the close
of the chapter meeting there was a pro-
BTamme of songs and music, contributed
by Past Grand Matron Mrs. Wilson, who
gave a history of the chapter: Misses
Shean, McKlm. Lottie Linne. Buttlar and
Makin, Mrs. Edith Edwards and Mr. Kitz
er. Members of the chapter then present
ed Mrs. Partridge a handsome rocking
chair as a tribute for her unselfish devo
tion to the principles of the order. That
was followed by a banquet, at which there
werf addresses by the grand secretary,
past patrons, Patron AdAms.Mrs. Lleb.er,
matron of Oakland Chapter, and Messrs.
Carroll and Snook.
Klein, Mlllberry, Kelly, Kerrieran, Gedge
and Creese.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, gUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
NEWS OF THE FRATERNITIES
27
ADVEBTISEMBNTS. -
Dry Goods *^§|sj^ Company, |;
Specially made hats for < 9/eat and jaunty nats for \ \
tailored you/ns. misses and schoolgirls. '
9/ow ideas in Caster hats .Jlfourning millinery in
and bonnets. - yreaf variety and to order ,,
Appointed distributors of ai on ' da^ s s
the stylish "Connelly' hats French flowers for hats, t
and turbans. ¦ . 4 corsayes, drsss yarnitures. ?
¦ • m ' ¦ •;• ¦ •; '¦'-:• \ \
ffiirstr C/ass jfcats at 97/odoraio SPri'ces. I
• 1 — .
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, :
SE. Corner Geary and StocVton Streets, San Fransisoo. !
union square. - ;;
'Mali and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention. '
BATLWAY TKAVIX;.
e ????????????????????????? o
! MAKES HER \
|MARK !
I ON THE MAP.... I
| SAN FRANCISCO %
I TO CHICAGO IN 75 |
| HOURS ON THE * ±
| SANTA FE ..... |
I CALIFORNIA I
IlMiteb I
I LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO |
I AT 9 A. M. EVERY DAY |
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
"l'i*nliit l<p>»»«» »••¦«! wrff tlt»* t *» t%rrtw* Jft.
«*N t'KtMI'IM'O.
(Main Line. Foo: ot ilnrket Street)
LEavs — Fr."« M»RCii 21, 1301. — *rkiv«
7<3Ua Dmtlda. Siitsun, E:iuir». Taearfitew
Buoisey autl aaerauienco 7>S3y
TiUua D»t1.i, Woodland, Knights Landing-,
Muryirllle, urorllla. 7t3.1p
7:nw* AtUutk) i;xyreas—<Ji:1oii and East 12>S3r
tt:WO* MarUne'. haii U.imuu. Vallejo. Napa,
CalistogaantlHauuk Rus» fliSSr
8:OOa Lirenuor •, Btceitoo, Kauford, \U%-
lia, tortrrtiUo 4t33y
8:OUa NUrm. Lathrop. Merced, fiaaoo, Ba.
krsfl«la 4:33r
S:3Ui Shun Bxprras— DatU. V/iUIam. (tat
Bartlett Eprioss), Willow*, Rod
Blufi, Portland. 7*93*
¦ i3Oa Sail Jo.«, Utarraore, Stockton,
Icma. Haeramruto. Pl%cer»lUo,
MtrjuTill-. Ctalou, Uad Illnff 4iSSr
¦tSO* Oakdaie, Chinese, aouora. Carters... 4:S3r
I»:OO* Haywird*. Nilet %nd W»j SUtlont. Ili33&
»:«« a Los Angeles Expnu — Martluex.
. .¦ . Tr*O7. L»throp. .Stockton. Merced '
Kreino >nJ Los Angela ?>33a,
9::u»a V»u.j,,. Martlusz ami Way Stations BiSSr
IOsoua Tta« OrerUnd limited— Ogi}eu, Dea-
ter, Omaha. Chicago 8i-13f
? l:«»p Siwraiu«iito l£l»er Hlmmars t Sl4 > tt *>
»sa»p lUyw»rO». N.lr. %n.t Wa, HUtton.. 7:33r
- 3:»»r fui'.Cuu. Martlnti Byron, Stock-
ton, Urfll 10.33a
4t»0r U-nlcia. Winter*, bacrawento,
. • Wooillmiil. KiiluhU Landlur.
M*rj«?i:ie. Onullla l»:33*
4<«»p Martluox, Hiut IUiuoii. Vallajo.
Nwpa. < f *li>ici>i»». 8»>ita Itoaa I»i»3a,
4i00r Hl'es, LiTermore, Stockton. Lodl.
Ma ced, Freuo 7:83»
•liSdr HiywirtU. N ll«% Han .!».«, Lrnrmom f9>A3A
¦»:uup Tho Owl- Limited— Tracy. Strckton.
ttoju.i, lUkersBelil. rt».ijii» fur
H»m» Barbara, Lo. Aucelos ...... 8:S34
iiO«»F Ilaywanb, MleaaudHau Jum 7i3->\
Vallnjo -T. I I «.13 1
«i«ur Oriental Mall— Ogileu. Cheyenn«.
,y Omaha. CUicigu lSsXSp
S «rOOp Oriental AUH-Ogden, Dearer,
(i-.nW.A, (,'hlcuo •ii23#
7i*Op Otk^ihi and CallfnrnU ICx|irc.i*,Haa.
numb, Marj.Tlll*. U«nl.ltii(,
rortlai..!. 1'iiKot Houiiil ami K«a. I1M4
St«.->p San F.b o. F»r: f.'cMta. Mirtiaex
•ml W»» HUtlons 11.334
H;Mp V.llfjo ....-:... itMr
COAST L.I*E <.1«rr«>w Ua»a-o).
( root . f ?.l .rk.-t 8tre«t.>
•il.^A Neirar)i.t:.MitBrillle 1 «aiiJ(<i}, Fflton,
Uouliler Creek, San ta Crur »nd \V«f
HUtlou. •>>«*
fS'lSr SeitMl, C«iitHrTlll«. Sa» .lime. New
Ainu. lot), FbU^d, liooid«r Ore«k,
Banu (.'rax and Principal Way
Station* flDillftA
4il.1r Newark, Han Jo*«. LosGatoa 8«a»a.
aV:SOp Hunters' Ez^nnton, San Joaa aad
I WayHtatiQM ... ??»*•?;
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
/riaSlH MISCIuCO— Tni if Mukti Stn.i (81i» 8) —
t7:16 9:00 11:001. St. 1:33 3:03 i:\Zr.1.
r>tm01IUlD— '••! •:Um»4»t.— t*:OO {3 00 t3:0»
lO.QOt.ii. 12:03 I:S3 l.lZr.u. •
t COA*»T LJNB (Rroa.1 <;«nxe).
* . flhlr.1 ¦.i.J Towmft.l Sta.)
ton oa Ocean Vletr, Mo<ith Hwn Praaciaco.. frtill'ip
~:Oi»A Man Jiiwumi W»J HUtliHW li:i"»p
/?;»»A N«» Alma<l*M /1iS0»
SiOOa Coast Lice Lbs '.tad. Bin Jo«r, Cflror.
S-li.as, f. *o Koblra. H .n Lola
Obhpo, Ifin/jo, UantA f!<rb J-*,
• LusArgeles - 10iI3r
»i30aH».i ..!..<«. Trea Pino*. NmiU Cum,
Parine Un>*» ami PrlndpaJ lntex-
madiite Mtatl-.ii. 7iS«rv
I 1j*Oa Han .tins ami Way -Station. BtSUr
f2il5f San Mateo, Ueilwuixl, Msnlo Park.
. Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .!<«•.
Trea Plnoa. Hanla Cms. Sailna*.
Monterey ami I'aeiHe flrova fl«i43fc
t«iX«pRan Josvaud Way Htatlona Oi:»i«a
1 1: 1 *(¦ San Jow ami Principal Way Station! ¦ »i-t3*
j4 1 13 p Sun sit IJ-nlt-.l— El Paso, New Or-
l«asaard Ki-t a loils*.
fStOOpSan Jon-, Los Uatoa and Prineipal
Way station..... t*<*3&
3:3ftp. San Jose aud Principal Way Station! StSd*
«::iop ; Pan. Jo»- a:i<l WayStatlona tS:«O«>
TiOOp JXhw Orleans Erpre<n. Ron .Teas,
S*nt« BarlMr*. L-w Angeles. D m-
icg. El Paan. New Orlam. >nd E. at 7i«»*.
7i00p Del M nte, Mouteroy. PadSo Grore,
Lojpoo 7i30*
qlli4.tr Ban Jw«>M Way Station. IO»-1»»
? for Moruinc. ' P fnr A f temoon.
f Hitiidav exeepted. i only.
g Wednesday*. /Tu < *d4T»and Trldaj*.
c S ind<7* - o_9atnrd»j only.
CALIFOSNU N3*TIIWE5TERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F*rry. Foot of Market St
in j-an .». • . .1 ;
TIBURON FEKKT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33, 3:30,
5:10. «:S0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11 :3ft
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30.
5:00. (:20 p. m. .
' v»j.i ,:jijjl to Sun Francisco.
WEEK t>AYS-*:l(K ':S0, »:J0. 11:10 a. m.t U:45,
3:40. 5:10 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:U
and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:06. «:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrlrt
San Franclsca INov. 1. 1900.1 San Franclaco.
•Week I Son- I I Sun- j W««k
Days. [ days. I Destination.! day. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am t:40ani
»:S0 pm 9:S0am Petaluma. 6:06 pm 10:iS an
6:10 pm S:Q0pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm »:23 pm -
" Fultoni
7 -SO am 'Windsor, . 10:23 anV
Healdsburs,
. Lytton.
GeyMrvllle,
g:80pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:83 pm t:gpia
7-30 am! I Hopland. I
I 1:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:85 pm| 6:23 pm
7:30 am , • ,. H>:» •»
8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm 6:g pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 arn
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen' Ellen. 8:08 pm 8:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am] ~~^ 110:40 am]10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 po| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| »:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdalo
¦ for the Geysers ; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. KelseyvMe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
EDrings- at Uktah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs.*' Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potte* VaUejr.
John Day's. Rlveralde, L4erley*s. Bocknelrs.
Sanh'edrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot- Springs.
Mendocino- City. Fort Bragg." Westport. Usal.
Willetts, LaytonvtUe. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer.. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. <£0 Market at.. Chronic!* build''
lug. . R. X RTAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Aft.
General Manager: .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sassalito Ferry— Foot of Market St .
tv. san man. '>t,iMnw
1:« r *. [ WEEK DATS . . , ::3 f _
4:f0 t\ m. ) Stay over nlghtat the tavern (,10:i. r > *. m.
8.-0OA.M.) ¦ f 1:00 P.M.
10:0it -%. M. i sr\'niv« - :«.-«) P.m.
1:13 P.M.) •'•-¦', 1 5:55 r. M.
Fare. S.in Francisco to Summit aad U-turn. ft.tO.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Sausallto Ferry.
THE WEEKLY CALL
.= . 61 pep Year.
~j~f.{~f.l..T.. I ..T..T..r. I , ;^.. I .T,. I .. I ,, I ,, I .. I .. I .. I .. M , I . Q
VEBTISEMENTS.
'A Most Remarkable Remedy That
kuiekiy Restores Lost Vi/o*
to Men.
A Freo Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Writs. >
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so mai.y men who had bat-
tled for years against . the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write 'It
Is a home treatment, .and all men who
Buffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and feems to act direct
to the desired - location, giving strength
nnd development Just xvhere It is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess In all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 328 Elektron buildine
Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire
one of their free trial- packages, will be
complied with -promptly. The Institute Is
desirous of reaching that . great class of
men who are unable tf? leave home to be
treated, and the free sample- will enable
them to see how ea^y.St Is to be cured of
sexual weakness wher«-the proper reme-
dies are employed. "Pie Institute makes
no restrictions. , Anyntan who writes will
be sent a fre« sample, carefully nealed
in a plain packacre. ?fJ that -its recipient
nefid have no \ fear . of » embarrassment or
publicity. 'Readers are requested to write
without delay.' .' ; "
vi 51- OR JORDAN'S <mcat
MUSEUM Or AHATOMir
G& • 1051JCiSESZe».t«.ftaft7th.6.< 1 .Cd.
Ey The Larirest Aaatomicat Miucun in tbe
Worid. Wcktaum or any coiuiactco
-v-' KStSt «>i»e««o»e»ia««l T cBr^b r theolde«
S> ifoSi I apeaatisc cb tlk. Cout E*t j6 you*. ¦
6 #^?fl Ofc-rfOBBAM-.-PRl.ATE 0ISEASE8
\ rfW*i))H tKimlMtkin fn?« and «trir«y prirau.
0 D JmT'KH Tra itmcnt personally or br letter. A
\ H If MH +°*-<">» CW«mcvtrycisenndert«itn.
A *• /1 lift. w «-'t«for Book. raaoiuravct
™ U 1 MlnniACIE, MAILED JTRBB. - « A
X A jt, valuable boot for tnro; ,
7 DbioBBAK AC» '10U MarkttStya r.
0CEAJy TSAVEL -
S3. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
.........:. Saturday, April 6. J p. to.
83/ VENTURA, for. Honolulu.- Samoa, N«w '
Zealand and ;¦ Australia.".. ;.'...".;:; .... .,.;¦'
. " .....:... ....... ..Wednesday. April 17. » p. m.
.. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., General Agents. 37/ Market St
Ean'l Passenger Offia, 643 Market St., Piar lo. 7, Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA EVAPOiBS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South *¦ American ports. Soiling - Lombard
wharf, ' 12 • ra." ' .
AHEQU1PA ....Apr. 4IPERU ............Apr. -
L1MARI .........Apr. I7.GUATEMALA .May —
r These steamers are built expressly . for Cen-
tral : and South -'American . passenser service.
(No : change : at Acapulco or Panama.) : Freight
and passenser office. 316 California street. -¦ --
liALFOUK. G UTHRXE .& CO., A*eat«. ¦
ts"a surprise to see you looking llfS \
Youthfully fresh and robust." eald the r\~ ~L- • .1 . .
' reporter "It was reported, last year, On Observing the inter--
that you wvre a shadow "• vmVw wirVi <samn*.1 T \
"It was true " eald Mr. Clemens, "but view v>nn Samuel L..-
l^ t %^ n VASr\% n 7ik P^%^ Clemens (Mark Twain);
g 8 K^ b A^^?t^% J^SK in the Hartford (Gonnec-;
and have had noretnrnof It BXnce. Plas- tlCUt) Courant, the een-
mon Js a food; It Is* pure albnmln ' '. h ;
extracted from m«k. and was discov- eral manager of the Amer-
ered by Slebold. the chemist. In Vienna. . D) c V. ¦
when I «u there lwo or three yeara can rlasmon Syndicate
ego. I did not eat It for Indigestion, r + , iit , nfi . •., n .
but for nourishment, and because It Ud. wrote to. Mr. Clem-.
SS S' now.T^n Sr^TSSSS ™ asking whether the
i?csiS p bS "oSfS&TSS toU/STSS: -aragraph, m which he
The 'Lancet* and the other medical Jour- «;poke in Such hieh terms
rials Informed them. I ordered It rrotn r 5
the druggist here. la Europe, from the of Plasmon, was correct as
crocer or the baker. • . , r , .
-But t*r me •: clitic*. T* the oublished.
Mark Twain* Replr to iAt h/ner/can Plasmon Syndicate:
For Sale at Leading 'Druggists and Grocers
AMERICAN PLAbMQiN SYNDICATE, Ltd., New York
Information cheer fully given at offices of Syndicate
2O4 Crocker Building, San Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL ¦
TellerrBehring^
Golofnin, etc.
s.s. jIEanie,
P. H. MASON, Master.
S.S.THRASHER
T.L. ELLIS, Master.
Will ' leave Sao Francisco on
SATURDAY, April 20, 190!
THRASHER goes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE goes by way of Seattle, leaving that
port on April 26. .
8. 8. VALENCIA. J. M. L»ne. Master, leaves
San Francisco May 24, 1901, and Seattle May
30. 1901, for .Nome, Teller, Behrlng. Golofnin.
etc.
Fqr passage and freight apply to
PJCffIC STEAM WB.iL'NG CO.,
30 CALIFORNIA ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way, Seattle.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
Ma wharf, San Francisco:
frffhaa for Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m .
¦T^S?^B¥. Ipril 1. Chanse to company"?
E^vt-£SS8kh steamers at Seattle.
LSaTEWavKa For Victoria. Vancouver (B
ISSCT 5S 1 c ->- Port Townsend, Seattle.
V£aK\>V{i Tacoma, Everett, Anacortf
f Bnd New Whatcom (Wash).—
"*¦ II a. m.. April 1. and ever:
. fifth day thereafter. .Chang>
»t Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and a. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
29. April 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 ft. m.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
bco«. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East San Pedro (I»s Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays. 9 a.m.
For. Ensenada, Mhgdal»na Bay. Ran .Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
an«l Guaymas iM«.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.- , -
The company reserves the right to chanre
steamers, palllrp dates and hours of sailing
without previous notlre.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Aet«..
10 MarVet nt.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO,
? DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Sp#ar-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
r«nc SI2 First Class Includlnq Berth
ifln" $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLtJMBIA sails Apr. a'
GEO. W. ELDER rails Mar. 29. Apr. H
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and to all - points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all point* East.
E. C. WARD. General Arent.
. . . 1 Montgomery st. '
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every •'Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York.. April in New York ...May 1
Vaderland April 17 Ft. Paul.. May «
St. Louis. ....... April 141 St. Louis May l:
REO STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. gP
From , New York Everv Wednesday, .12 noon.
Southwark ..'...April 1'lTeeland ......:.. .May 1
Westernland ...April 171 ""rlepland May «
Kensington April 2* I Routhwark ......May 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAa D. TAYLOR.
General Arent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
QTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
V ner FlrM nnd Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). . Nairarakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.' ,
FS. HOtfOKONG MARU.Tuesday, Anril », J901
SS. NIPPON MARTL....... Friday. May a. 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU.Wednesflay. M«y », 1901
Round-trip' tickets ' at -reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner ¦ First.
• . , W. H. <AVERY. General Agent.
PANAMA lX^ mf
TO r NEW- YORK; VIA; PAN/MA DIRECT.
Cabin, f 105: Steerage.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2
S. S. 3>elanaw sails Saturday, April 20
S.S. Argyll sails ..Monday, May 6
''.'¦'"'¦. From '.Wharf, Harrlecn st.. 2 pj'm.
Freight and passenger efflce, 330 Market st.
- F. F. CONNOR, Pacillc Coast Agent.
; ooxPAsnrs qenkbale • tbani atlantiqci
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.": -* Afc ."
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <J8r}W?»
Saturday. --at -10; a. m.. from Pier 42. T**W^
North River, foot of Morton street: First class
to ; Havre. \ $55 s and : upward. - • Second • class to
Havre,: S45 i and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, J2
Broadway (Hudson building). New York J.' F.
FUG AZI & CO.. Pacific Coast ; Agents. 6 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket ; Agents. . > ¦¦-¦: ..-.--.-. . .
BAY AND . BIVEB STEAMEBS. ;
FOR 0. S. NAVY YAED AND^VALLEJO.
'. Steamer. " Montlcello."
MON..~ TUBS.". WED.. : THUR8. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except , Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p: m. and 8:80; Sundays,-
10:30 a. m.. S P. m. Landing and : office, Mls-
8lon-at. Dock. Pier No. 2. Telftsbbn* Main 1508.
-; '.-. BAIXWAT TRAVEL.
1 046 Miles
In 27I Hours.
There arc two things' you 2
will always remember if you
* go East via Denver and the |
Route. One is
the scenery in Colorado. |
The other is the whirlwind ?
ride across Nebraska, Iowa
t*V -and' Illinois aboard the
Chicago Special — the Bur-
lington's famous "one night
on the road" train from
Denver to Chicago. J
It makes the run of 1046
miles in 2.7*4 hours; carries
a through'slecper for Chicago,
which leaves San Francisco
daily, and offers as good ser-
vice ds any train in the world. \
lysvjwjygww-fl Ticket Office, •
nlflflfmufiflil 631 Market Street, j
&l«rWBa W. D. Sanborn, \
Ig3lfm[lp^j General Agent.
inSSJKaaEfeanil San Francisco.
Santa Fe •
-* . - ¦
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Daily.
I,v. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
"¦ Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:21 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
'• Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a ..'
" Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
" BksHeld.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:13 p 9:00 p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
. 9:C0 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
. first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:53 p. m. dally.
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. rn. daily.
3:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining. Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts oift at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at- all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding- train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
, Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
•land.
Igh/cago I
/".LESS than
THREE DAYS
/ San Francisco At 10 A. U.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-Western Line
JT\OUBLE Drawing-7(oom SUtbmg
, I ,y Cars, Buffit, making and Library
~f. Cars, with barb r. Di ing Cars—
mtals a li carts. Daily Tourist Car
Strvia and Personally Conducttd Ex-
. eursions 'tvtrr wtth from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. Tht best of rotrvthing.
it. rt. hitch m .
617 Market Ot General Agent eaeljte Onu*
i\Uae« Motel SAX rRAXVISCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
- - ; .Via Sausallto perry.'
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:55. •9:15.-11:00 a_ ra.. »1:4S.
3:15, .4:00. 'fi:lG.-*G:l5. 6:40 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— •8:00.. *10:00. «U:30 a. m.. «1:15
3:1S,-'*4MS, 6:30. 9:00 p.m. •
Trains marked (»)run to San Quentln.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FItAXCISCO.
¦ WEEK DAYS— 6:20. »6:30. 7:45. 9:30 a.m
•12:80. 1:45, "3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p.m.
/ EXTRA TRIPS - on : Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. •8:00. »10:0O. «U:45 a. m ¦
1: 40. - »2:15. r<:«. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5M5. 6:45. 7:55. 9:30 a7m.
12:35. 2:10. 3:3). 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a, m., 12:05, 2:15, 1:30,
5:00, 8:45 p. m. ¦ . - .
THROUGH TRAINS. >
6:55 a. rn. week days— Cazadero,. and way
stations. : • •
1:45 . p. m. Saturdays — Tomales ar.d way
stations.
' a 8'a. m, Sundays — Xomales . and way sta-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 31; 1901.
28
. SA5 FRAXCISCO CALL.
BTJEINESS OFFICE ol The Saa Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; opea
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until S:39 p. in.
tOO Hayes street ; opea until 9:39 p. m.
CSS McAllister ctreet; opea until 1:2) p. a.
C15 Larkln etreet; open until *:S0 p. m.
1M1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
tsn Market street corner Sixteenth: open
cntll S p. m.
lM Eleventh ttr* *t: epen until J p. in.
1C9C Valencia street; epen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner T—/enty-_econd and Ken-
tiiry-r Ftreets: op»n urtll II p. rn.
CUlltCU SEUVICES.
CA_VART~ft^bTterlan Church, at Y. M. C.
A. building Masoa and Ellis Ets.— Rev. John
lie— phill, D. D.. pastor, will preach at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. ta. Topic, evening. "Shal-.
low Religionists. " Sabbath school and Mr.
Johnston's Bible class »t _:30. Christian En-
deavor at t:3Ui Wednesday evening grayer
meeting at $ o'clock. Strangers cordially
welcomed.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento Ft.— Rev. R. Mackenzie.
D. D.. minister; Rev. William Kirk Guthri*.
associate minister. Services at 11 a. m. and
T:SO p m. by Mr. Guthrie. Sunday -chool
at 12:t0 a. in. Y. P. S. C E.. «:15 p. m. All
are welcome On Friday evening, April 5. at
7:45 o'clock, there will be a special service
In the church, when the choir will render
music appropriate to the day.
LXITARIAN Church (First), southwert corner
Of Oeary and Franklin ets. — Rev. Bradford
Leavltt minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minis*
ter emerHue;'Chas. A. Murdock. superintend-
ent of !*un<Jay K-hocL The Sunday school is
at 10 o'clock. The morning service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavitt will preach;
subject, "The Armor of Life." Music by
quartet choir. Mr. Leavltt 1 s class will meet
rext Saturday evening at S o'clock. Al' are
cordiaily invited. There is no evening ser-
vloe.
6ECOND Unl—rlan Church, corner Capp and
T— entleth ets.— Rev. E. F. Dlnemore. min-
ister; residence, £25 Capp et. Sunday school
&X »:«5 o'clock. Morning- subject. "A Sermon
for Palm Sunday." In ihe evening l>r. Burk
of the £aa Francisco Normal School will
lecture.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Oough
sts.— The Rev. Frederick W. Clam pett. U. U..
rector. Holy communion, 8 and 11 a. m.
Morning service. 11 o'clock. Evening prayer,
4 o'clock. Friday service for the army an*
navy at 11 a. m. Lenten cervices every day
during the Tree* at 4 p. m. Special musical
service Sunday, March 31. 1W1. at 7:43 o'clock.
The rector will preach.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion et.. between Sixth and Seventh — Dr. S.
D HutslnrlHer will preach at 11 o'clock on
the topic ••Bringing the King Into the City,"
«_d at 7:29 r>. m. on the topic "The Glory of
vfce lnr.er Kingflom." Robert Lloyd will
etng "The Paims" at both services. Seats
free. People welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason 6ts.— Rev. Georgre C. Adams, D.
D., pastor, will preach morning and evening.
Services appropriate to Palm Sunday. 11 a,
— .. theme. "A Colt Whereon No Man Ever
Yet Sat"; 7^30 p. m.. theme, "The Gates of
Righteousness." AH are cordially Invited.
FIRST Church of Chriet Scientist. Central
block, ta Sutter rt.. between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Scier.ce Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject, "Unreality." Sunday
school for children at the came hour. Wednes-
day evening meetings at 8 o'clock. Free
readinp-room. 206 Keamy et.. room 610. Ail
are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church oZ Jesus Christ,
Druids' Temple, Folsom and Fourteenth sts.
—Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. This
church has no connection with the Mormons
of Utah, its head being at Lamonl, la. Was
organized by command of God April €, 1S30.
Sunday school 9:45. All invited. ¦
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
Fts.— Mass meeting for men only at 3 o'clock
to-day. Adiress by Rev. A. H. Brigjrs.
Music by the Oakland Male Quartet. Seats
free. Tour.g men in general are Invited.
Next Tuesday evening free lecture by Gen-
eral A. S. I>aggett, U. S. A., on "The Fall
of Peking."
PI'.OF. KKOX lectures In Golden Gate Hall.
625 Butter St.. lla. m.: subject. "I Am That
I Am." Also $ p. m.; subject. "To Which Is
the Uace Tending, to Socialism or Individual-
ism?" The public cordially invited to hear
theKe lectures. Seats free. A collection will
be taken to meet expense-.
EI*ECIAL Goepel services at the hall. 17 City
Hall square, near Market et. 6unday even-
ing, tt 7:45 o'clock; address to Christians
Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock: Paul J. Lolz-
eaux. evanrriift from New York; undenom-
inational; i'stifrw.
THE Theosophioal Society— Public lecture to-'
r.ijrht at S o'clock In Theosophic Hall. Odd
Fellows' building, by Mies M. A. Walsh; sub-
Ject. "The Unrolflment of Sixth Sense."
MEETINGS — SUXDAY.
AA— DR. 3. DHPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening on "Physiolr-glcal Chemistry," with j
rtartlir.r and Instructive exreriments, at Cry-
ptal Hall. Pythian Castle, 908 Market 'Free |
tickets to X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium
next Tuesday. Beat* free. No collection.
JOHN SLATER will celebrate the E3d anni-
versary of modern spiritualism «at 117 Larkln
rt.. lower hall; extra grand test seance;
piano solo by John Slater Jr.; music. _lng-
ing; admission 15 cent*.
THE Fosters. 3 and 8 i>. m.. SOS Larkln et..
Occidental Hall; lec*ure and tests at 3. 10c:
materialization., e'.atewriting. tests and music
ot 8, 25c; bring your cwn slates.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S spiritual test meeting
to-r'ght -09 Market. 10c; questions, flowers
read: circle Friday evening. 124 Russ St., off
Howard, near Sixth; sittings daily.
FIFTY-THIRD anniversary celebration of
modern epirltualipm this fSunday) afternoon
anj evening, Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin st.
JJRS, PTODDARD'S convincing tests to all.
:0c; circles. Sunday, Tuesday; readings daily.
27S Ninth et. ,
"MAN a Human Magnet" a free lecture, with
- illustrations In the audience, by Mrs. Van
Anken. 4:3 Ellis et.. Monday. S p. m.
A— DIt RINGS' memorial service at 90S Mar--
ket. £ r>- m. ; 11. free: 2-8. 10c; good mediums;
ordination, election of officers April 21.
ATTEND anniversary exercises to-night
MRS. EBERHARDT. asirtsted toy Mr. Har-
greze; 2250 Twenty-second . et ¦
MRS. MAUD LORD DRAKE at Pythian Cas-
tle. ?C9 Market rt.— Speaking and tests; writ-
ten questions answered.
WONDERFUL tests to-night 10c: matertallr-
¦ ing eeance Tuesday; readings 60c. |1. AR-
NOLD DICKSON. 148 Sixth st
COME fee Fox e'.ste— in reality; eame as life; ;
fifty-third anniversary, 2 p. m.; SOc. 1084 Bush.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing demonstration of '
rpirit return to-njght. COS McAllister St.; 10c.
MRS. C. WERMOUTH. 416 Golden Gate ave.—
Convincing tert circle to-night, 8 o'clock. 25c
A MARVELOUS spiritual meeting In Scottish
tlall to-day: admission free.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
eight except Sat; 10c. 14S Sixth at. 2d floor. .
Mrs. Glllinrham. spiritual test meeting. 8 p. m.,
10c; staled quest 3C5 Larkin, cor. McAllister.
MRS. EVANS, 120 Sixth, r. 16; circle to-night,
I, 20c; also to-morrow eve.; readings dally.
ATTEND Mrne. Marquise's circle ¦ to-night at
8, rharp; 10c; every one geta tests. . Hyde rt.
_T*S. VICARS' tert meeting to-nlgbt; 10c. 1«
glxth «t.. room 82; sittings dally.
lir.lITINCJS— lulvrrtal Brotherhood.
C B. LODGE No. 7— Easter sale conducted by
Women's Club, held April 1 to 6. at 310
O'Farr-!l »t. concluding with an entertain-
ment, fiat, evening; entire proceeds for bene-
fit of Children's Lotus Home at Point Loma,
owl.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 123. F. and A. «T~
M. — Officers and members ere requested __%_
to attend the fun^r-l of our d^cea*^
brother. CHARLES OLDFIELD. /V>
SUNDAY, March 21. at 1:30 p. m. By order
of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDB, Secretary.
I-AP.KER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O. -v_K£_«>
F.— Members ere notified to as- C5^_>__
eemtle at hall on SUNDAY. 1:30 : %ZS&&g:
\>. ta., to ettrad the funeral of
our late brother. OLIVKR HINKLEY.
J. H. HUTAFF. N. O.
THIRTY-FIFTH grand annual irath- _ err*!,
enr.g fcnd c_nrs of the Caledonian Qaj
<'!ub of San Francisco at Shell *"_»X_*
Mound Park. May SO. **S-~*
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
6AN FRANCISCO Butchers' W. P. < £t_C_B|
I"n!nn No. IIS will meet at the HfZsia
Temple, 115 Turk st, every TCEO- " "
DAY EVENING, at 8 o'clock sharo. By
order of F. W. SANDERSON, President
HERMAN MAY. Kec. Sec. •
THE California Debris Commission, having r»-
celved applications to mine by the hydraulic
rroeess from F. C. LeBlond and W. E. Olm.
Ftead. In the Char>an_ Hill mine, near
Downlevllle. Sierra Co., to deposit tailings iu
Goodyear Creek; from Ah Lung. In the Ful-
ler Flat mine, near Scales, Sierra Co., to de-
posit tailings in Canyon Creek: from J. H-
Fk inner, in the Lava Point mine, at Hepsl-
dam . Sierra Co.. to deposit -tailings • in
Whiskey Creek; from J. W. Dempsey, In the
Hungarian Hill mine, near Quiney, Plumas
Co.. to d-poi-lt tailings In Whiskey Creek,
end from J. S. Carter and William Deal. In
the Cadmus mine, at head of Peters Creek.
Plumas Co.. to deposit tailings In- Peters
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will ba
held at room l\ Flood building. 6an Fn in-
c'.bco, Cal.. ca Aim 15. 1901. at p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Energetic agents can establish them-
selves In splendid paying business selling
latest improved gasoline gas lamps; no mantle
or chimney; generate and light with single
match: also gravity end 1000 candle power arc
•lamps: positively lowest prices; $1000 In pre-
miums to -best agents for 1301. AMERICAN
LIGHTING CO.. Chicago.
O. C. C DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair: will
not Irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
skin: personal demonstrations free; agent.
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. agcy.. 426 Ellis.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to »ell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
WE pay $20 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce Poultry Compound. Inter-
national Mfg.. Co.. Parsons. Kans.
feXPKBIENCED Insurance agents.. CaH at
rocm 101. 937 Market et.. corner Bixth.
WANTKP — Agents In each city; rood money.
Pacific Coast M. * L. Or. <60 9th. Oakland.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-,
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433, Call.
TEN pood solicitors wanted: Al proposition;
not stock. 325 Parrott building.
ASriiALTL'31 HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, arphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
P«tr«l: roFtnl. 11K6 M1»s|nn: tel. Foliom 1S07.
~ ASTROLOGY.
Scientific teacher of astrology; horoscopes com-
plete.Wc &$1. Mrs. 13r. Smith. 1007*4 Marketr.l2.
ATTOKMCY- AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty ai law. S50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections: damages'; es-
tates; mining; open even. 592 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON', S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Tpreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free- no fees In advance.
BATH CABLNETS.
B.'.TH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara, Per-
f>rtlon and other*. Af-ncy. 423 Kills «t.. S. F
BOAKDIAG FOR CHILDREN.
GERMAN lady would like one or more children
to board; a nice place and home: fresh milk
every day. Inquire corner Oregon and Mll-
via sts.. Berkeley.
A FAMILY without children wishes a child to
board: good home aad care. 132 Fourteenth
n.. near Howard.
BUSINESS CUA.NCES.
GROCERY AND BAR— Good downtown corner;
store and S rooms; rent $25; dally sales $12:
other bualr«-ss cause of selling; price reduced
to {450.
PARTNER WANTED In a ceneral mer-
chandise store; large stock; paying business;
capital fZSOO.
HAIRDRESSING PARLOR; paying busl-
ne*s; a bargain at $100.
RESTAURANT— Closed on account of sick-
ness; good location for mr.n and wife; will
rent furnished or nell at 'sacrifice: $200.
CIGAR STORE— Sickness necessitates an
immediate sale; dally average l_; downtown
location; price $550. • .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st.. oppcslte Mason.
A NEWLY patented device for military pur-
poses In camp, trench and hospital, thus in-
viting Government contracts; for miners,
prospectors and campers, in cold, frozen and
all n?Kion", from whom the demand should
be large, as this device would be the means
of savins thousands of lives in Nome and
Klondike, etc.; for cattlemen, farmers, dairy-
men, orchardlsts, etc. : for railroad, gas and
water companies; it will form a most profit-
able basis for organizing a company to ex-
ploit It; the patent of this most lucrative
monopoly is offered for only one-half its ap-
praised value. Address box 162, Berkeley -
P. P.. Cal. '
A RARE CHANCE ..A
$F0fl— Partner wanted in elegantly fitted up
coffee house: first-class prices; near Call
building; owner going to the mines; will
leave Incoming partner in full charge during
his absence; a trial riven; don't fall to ln-
vesUpate; this Is a fine opportunity; no
agents. Box 2S22. Call office.
DO you want a bargain* in a rooming-house,
partner, saloon, home in either Oakland, San
Francisco, Los Anceles, Fan Jose? Do you
want a home in Mo., Kansas, Nebraska,
Iowa? Se« CLARK & WARD. 1073H Market
St.. S. F. : ¥th and Broadway, Oakland.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars.
300 cafidy and icecream stores, W0 restaurants.
900 stores of all kinds: partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be sulte't
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 888 Market st .
SPECIAL notice— We have several exception-
ally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
Junch; procery and bar and delicatessen
store?; also restaurants ; barber shops and
' Ealoons. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st
JIMO— WINE and liquor store: transfer corner;
retiring from buslnefs cause of sole. Mc-
LAUGHLIN * CO.. 777H Market st.
A— GOOD restaurant complete; good payer; In
manufacturing center: cheap rent DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. £50 Market tt
$3000— OLD established, perfectly legitimate,
rtrictly rath business in Oakland, clearing
$225 monthly; thorough Investigation; no ex-
perience necessary: reasons for selling, busi-
ness in Honolulu: must be sold at once. Ad-
dress box 2209, Call office, Oakland.
TENDERS will be received for 3 days— on the
dollar — A Bnap for small capital; dry goods
and gent's furnishing stock in good order;
business established 16 years; on Market et;
proprietor retiring account Ill-health; terms
cash. John Elder Co., Rental Bureau,' 22 Krny.
COMPANY now organizing offers limited num-
ber subscribers proposition which will pay $30
to $60 monthly for every $100 Invested; legiti-
mate, safe; bank references; investigate. Box
2S19, Call office.
A— $500: RESTAURANT: no better location In
the city; this Is positively worth over $1000.
but it must so Immediately. Business Board
of Trade. 225 Pine at.; phone Davis 320.
PARTNER wanted with small caoltal In a
contracting and mnfg. business clearing $200
to $600 a month; will bear the fullest Inves-
tigation. Address box 2742. CaH.
CLASS weekly; well established In excellent
field, with bright prospects; good reason for
•elllng: only $750 if sold at once. Address
T. J. T.. box 003. Call offlcs.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
GOOD paying. Old-established lumber business;
Including eawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sals. Apply
Call Business office.
$300 TO $500 a month-Selling new patent brake
right to mechanics; positive proof; territory
one-fourth value; no- fakers; three days only.
E. L. RICHARDS. Winchester Hotel.
CREAMERY, dairy produce, 'etc. ; $1000; estal>
llshed 10 years; sickness cause of Belling;
trial given. Box 2745. Call.
BRANCH bakery, confectionery and .variety
6tore at a bargain; best location In Mission;
living rooms; rent ch»;ap. Apply 2148 Mission.
A DELICACY and baker; good location; cheap
rent r* bargain; must be sold; any reasonable
offer will be accepted. 727 Lacuna st
$300— BA K ERY with horse and wagon, counters
and fixtures of the best; fine chance for a
baker. California Business Assn.. 865V4 Mkt
PARTNER wanted; chicken and hog ranch;
city outskirts: $150 to $400 required: married
American preferred. Box 27S3. Call office.
DELICACY and home cooking in the best part
of city; receipts $40 a day. California Busl-
ness Association. 865 Market st '
'WELL paying saloon and liquor store must bo
sold at once; owner retiring. No agents. Call
box £423.
A CHANCE to secure that fine large store
now building at S13 O'Farrell St. near Ma-
ton. Apply 15 Grant ave. , . . _ .
WILL sacrifice full line teas, coffees, etc.-
business established. Owner, box 2823. CalL
FOR sale — Restaurant . and living rooms com-
plete. i:c Second st. ¦ ¦
RESTAURANT: good paying business; receipt?
$18 a day; dirt cheap. Box 2757. Call offloa.
FOR Sale— Good-paying restaurant; owner leav-
lng city. Address 4627 Grove st, Oakland.
YOUNG business man with capital wants good
opening; mfg. pref.; partlclrs. Box 2775. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale; doing good business*
rent cheap. 506 Howard at. near First. '
FIRST-CLASS tailor shop for sale at % prtce
Cail at 465 Valencia Bt.. near corner Sixteenth. "
FOR Bale— Shocblacklng stand. 725 Utah st~bel
t ween Nineteenth and Twentieth. '
FIRST-CLASS dairy depot; good living rooms-
ftrcaM route if -dehlred. Box 2513. Call office.
$200-GOOD-PAYINO laundry route, with horse
¦ and wagon. Box 2713. Call office.
$1000 — SNAP: good saloon near . city: - cheap
r»nt. Call room 412. Examiner building.
BAKERY and notion store, suitable for man
/and wife. LSI Fourth st; no agent
FOR SALE— Bread route: $300; a good chance
for a live man. Box 27J7, Call.
GOOD paying restaurant on city front Call
at DETJEN _ MENDGEL, 35 Market «t~
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tinned.
FANCY dry goods business, for sale; owner
retiring. 1531 Devlsadero st ; call b*t 12 and 1.
EXTRA choice corner for rent for cash grocery
store LAYMANCE, 460 Eighth st, Oakland.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply Business office. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla it. ' ' ¦'
LODGlNG-UOVgES FOR SALE.
A— 8-ROOM flat; downtown; very sunny; must
sell; fine bargain. DECKER, 1C20 Market st.
86-ROOM hotel; clears $500...'...: Price $2500
66-room hotel and bar; clears $400.. Price r 2000
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
16 ROOMS; corner; fine for transient $1000
32-room house; clears $200 1600
10 rooms on Eddy et., near Market 600
14 rooms on Third St., near Market 650
14 rooms on Mission Bt../ 650
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150..*. 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200.... 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2S00
24 rooms on Geary st. ; clears $135 1900
44 rooms; praltlvely the best; clears $300.. 60W
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
fc5-room house; clears $500...' 6000
SO-room boardln«-house; , clears 1600 5000
8-room flat; sunny side TOO
6-room flat; very good '. ...' 325
4 vacant houses to rent.
500 other houses. 3 to 7C0 rooms, price $100 to
$20,000; abstract furnished free with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.,
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 7J6.
A. CAMERON & CO., 850 Market St.. and 8
Stockton St., phone Bush 328, rooms 21. 22, 23.
— If you have hotel, rooming house or busi-
ness chance of any kind to sell list with us;
we have cash customers for all sizes and
prices; if you wish to purchase, see our list
- of bargains.
61 rooms, Sixth st. ; good condition; rent
$140; clears $175; Al location, $3000.
23 rooms; rent $75; offices first floor; six
rooms pay $G0; leaves 17 rooms for $15; good
furniture and carpets; 2 years old; $1700.
8-room modern flat; Eddy Et. ; rent $10; good
furniture and carpets; sunny; $150.
17 rooms; Geary St.; rent $65; good carpets
and furniture; all rented; pays $S5 over ex-
penses; offices first floor.
12 rooms; Leavenworth sf . ; rent $55; elegant;
$850; full good roomers. -
SELECT~YOUR~HOUSE FROM THE LARQ-
; .'.V EST LIST IN TOWN.
5 rooms; well furnished; good location.. $250
10 rooms; cheap, rent; honest value.. ....$550
22 rooms; at>artment house; going to
Nome; must sell $1000
32 rooms; a big money maker; down
town; only $1600
82 rooms; elegantly furnished; Bee this.. $3503
150 rooms; a chance seldom offered $25,000
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding houses and country hotels.
Bee our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
SEE * OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
C0«rooms, close in. elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new. clean, clears $50 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition 1000
£0 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay- -
ments ,600
Vacant houses furnished
"We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
$1500— AN elegant l»-roomed private boarding
and lodging house; fully occupied; heart of
town; investigate immediately; rent only $65;
pays a fine income; all nicely and completely
furnished.
GEO. "W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 MARKET ST.
Over Wonder Millinery Store
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $150 $2S00
4J rooms; part cash; eee it $2500
20 rooms; rent $50; only $SW
20 rooms; Ellis st; new; terms ..$1400
MONEY TO LOAN AT 1^ PER CENT.
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.: tel. Jessie 1599.
48 room-; north of Market: only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished.. 600
20 rooms; rent J50; location desirable.... 900
If a bargain we have them at any price,
north or south of Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
719 Market, by Call bldg.; tel. Black 1803.
18 rooms; fine carpets and furniture $U0fl
14 rooms; north Market: elegant furniture 1600
19 rms.: sunny cor.; fine location; H cash 1400
ATTENTION SELLERS!
List your house, store, saloon, city or country
real estate or buslnees place with me. I will
advertise free. I want no contract. DECKER,
10C0 Market st. opp. Fifth; phone Mint 796.
7 ROOMS, near Market; rent $25; price $250.
II rooms; McAllister St.: rent $40: price $550.
14 rooms; Mission st. ; rent $50: price $550.
S.rooms; Sixth et.; rent $25: price $400. •
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st.
BEST offer this "week takes fourteen rooms
good hardwood furniture. 856 Howard st
FOR -Eale— Rooming-house, 13 rooms. 697 Ellis
st; no agents.
FOR sale— A 6-room furnished ¦ house; nice
home: rent $25. 1614 Bush et.
FURNITURE of 8-room house.' 242 Sixth st
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Th« celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you •will marry: the only medium in the
world so sure of his occult power that he-
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for answers. 1SS2 Market St., opp. 7th.
AFTER a seVere Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., TVed., Fri. eve.; letters answered.
ReBld. (no signs), 613 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkln.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: sit-
tings $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MME. QYEISN. trance medium; advice in all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 6 and 7 to 9.
at 33 Sixth St.. rooms 16 and^ 17.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 146 Eddy et.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln St.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: tests to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTST
IBMAR THE GYPSy!! T~
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight Into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied In life, consult ISMAR, for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sun-
daya by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Market st. opp. Sixth. .' By mall three ques-
tions answered, $1. Full life reading, $5. See
¦large ad on page 22.
MME. SANDERS, 11S0 Market St., the world's
greatest clairvoyant; four questions answered
for $L One man asked her ten questions and
made $1000; " another sold 3000 shares of oil
stock; another sold a hotel; another got a
$1500 position; a mother found a lost daugh-
ter; a widow married a rich lawyer. She can
answer any question. Bhe tells you what to
do for a living; names the winning horses*
gives lucky numbers; unites the separated'
finds lost property; reveals your enemies •'
teaches mind vibration, so that you can reach
persons hundreds of miles away; reads your
hands, face, head and innermost thoughts.
Call or inclose lock of hair and Btamped en-
. velope. Mediums developed.
MME. M. BERNARD, "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third Bt., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives aft accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. . If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In lire, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden ; Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall-; send stamp for -pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
' past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or ¦ wife; fees 25c up; satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215% Sixth st
MME. VALEEN, palmist and • life reader,
psychlo and magnetic healer; cures diseases
and habits; teaches how to influence people
and be successful In ¦ love and financial af-
fairs. 215 Leaven worth st. ' • , .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, . born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles SOc,
-gents $1; palm, and clalr. alt $1 60. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
suits. 26% Kearny. r. E,.g; hrs. 10 to 12, 1 to 7."
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 6 p.m.
MME LAROSE. best clairvoyant card reader, -
lest medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor, 6th
MME. ZEREDA; the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh st'
.TOUNO Zemdar. clairvoyant dusIdpss medium;
names given; L. SOc. G. $1. -1203 Market.' r. , 25.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
post present,' future; 25c. .; 148 Sixth st. r. 14.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist:
teaches mind vibration,' the greatest secret on
earth;! readings dally. 1130 Market st.' V
MME. SCHAFFER, clalrvovnnt, card reader;
sittings daily. 44SV& Jessie St., bet 5th and 6th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry: truth or no. pay; 21c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ad' j; names clven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AMI CLBASIKO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to 8PAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet'Beat-
lng Works. 853-357 Tehama st: tel. South 40.
SANITARY, cleaning and dyeing company.
34Z-344 McAllister at; phone South 146...
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O.H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth et. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCECarpet-CIeanlnir Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lfsa successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
. COTTAGES TO LET.
3 BROAD place, off Bush, between Hyde and
Larkin — Sunny cottage of 5 rooms; rent $15.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath and basement./ Key
at 22>i Thirteenth Bt, near Howard. / ¦
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and bath; with or without
stable. 919 Capp st. ' . j '.
DENTISTS, i
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 CO up; plates, extractions. free, $1 50 up; of-
fice 'hours, 9 a. in. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and- guaranteed; • lady attendant)).
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Ros'e Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings,
50c; plates. $5: full set: all work painless and
. warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates rna.le over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
MrJYER,-6 Turk— Palnioss extraction; vitalized
alr;crowns;brldgewoik. .Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkln-Pain-
less extraction 60c; plates $5 up;phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. Q. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth. /
SET of teeth .without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORD EON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. ' 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st— Day
and evening: $8 per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, . etc. ; positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallacher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
8. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, alvll,
electrical and mining- ensrlneerlng.' etc. : day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ART — Lessons In drawing and fire etching,
burnt .wood and leather souvenirs and home
decorations for sale at 572 McAllister St., bet.
Van Ness and. Franklin. Olivia Kingsland.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all It* graduates. 305 Larkln St.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,minini5,mech.,sur-
vey, apsay, cyanide; day. eve. ; eet 1864. Van
dcr Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. 6an Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. -
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners ; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. a-cct. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction; catalogue.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons, EOc. W. P. CHAMBERS, 244
Taylor 6t. ,
FRENCH. .Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFllI ppe' s Academy
of Languages, 320Post;estab'd lS7l;ablest profs.
KENT Law School, day and night, prepares
for Supreme Court. 629 Parrott building.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; V> mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.'
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght claBS. 424 Pine St.
PRIVATE academy of dancing. MISS JEAN
HUDDY, 6A Hyde st.
LADY is forming club class, also speed classes
In Munson shorthand. Box 2756, Call of flco
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 23S1.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. OEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help.. 315 Stockton; Main E1S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 607*.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office—
Best help. E28 O'Farrell Bt.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Beet help. 4UH O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
EBII'LO VMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS wants position from 6 o'clock a. m.
until 2 p. m., or straight waiting with no Sun-
day work. Call before 12 or after 5, room 15,
,212 Secorld st.
SWISS- ITALIAN girl . wishes situation to do
general housework; American or French fam-
ily preferred ; does not epeak English. 611
Broadway. . . •
BY young woman of good education and several
years' experience, . teaching by the • hour or
day; all English . branches arid elementary
Latin; best references. Box 2806, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with girl 12. years old
» wishes a position ; Is a good plain cook. 1260
Howard st M. E. , M.
A RESPECTABLE/ competent woman wishes a
position as chambermaid or kitchen maid In a
' hotel or boarding-house. L. A., 428 Broadway.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation In
boarding-house or private family; good refer-
ences. £06 Minna •_?. '» . .... ;.;.'.
EXPERIENCED teacher, I speaking French,
desires position as visiting governess; city or
BUburbs.-. Box 27C5, Call office. . •= . V
A' -REFINED, m'lddle-aged German lady wants
a position as housekeeper for a widower; no
objection to children. 1804 Elite at; ,
EXPERIENCED nurse with ; medical refer-
< enees wishes a few more engagements; good
. in confinements. . Call - at 1S02 . Howard -.St. ••
ONE or, two children to board in private fam-
ily ; no ¦ other : children; a < mother's care and
.a comfortable home. 113 Ninth st. -.¦-. - r-. .
WANTED-By reliable woman, u work ¦ by - the
day. r 43 Jessie Bt., between First and Second.
POSITION wanted to i take care of an Invalid
or child. :i Call at 144 Silver st. . ¦ 5 ..... ..:•.
GIRL to ac_!Bt; : sleep. home; small wages.': Ap-
x f ply i forenoons t - 2146ft '; Market, - cor. .LAguna.
EXPERIENCED stenographer," etc.", desires po-
r sltion ; ' salary an object ¦- Box 2772. ' Call. . , .
EMPLOYMENT AVAXTEpi-F— MALE.
RESPECTABLE lady, good oook. kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. -Call between 1 and 4 p. m. at 68-7«
Ellis at; room 53. ' , J
YOUNG married English lady desires position
during day; sleep home.' Box 2773, Call office.
REFINED Swiss lady wantr a position to do
Upstairs work in first-class American family;
city references 4 years.- Box 2781. Call office.. .
A YOUNG girl wishes to assist at housework.
Call at 40S Minna st.
WANTED— Position as cook In institution or
refined private boarding-house, j 612 Taylor St.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing,
. ironing and cleaning; references. 3219 20th.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants position do-
Ing cooking or second work; -best of city
references; $25 to $30. Address box 2744, Call.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
washing. Ironing or housecleanlng. • Address
box A. SOP Hayes st. • .
WORK by day wanted on Tues., Thurs. and
Fridays. Call 146 11th, cor. Howard, room 10.
WANTED— Situation by young lady press feed-
er; wages $10 -a wetk; 9 hours work. Ad-
dress Feeder, 223 Twelfth st, bet Howard
and Folsom.
WORK by the day by experienced laundress;
*1 60 a day. or will go by the month short
distance, fro— ) city. Address LAUNDRESS.
713H?Mlnna, near Eighth st.
RESPECTABLE lady wants position as house-
keeper in small famllv; can give best of ref-
¦ erences. j Call or address 1839 Polk st.
HANDKERCHIEF laundry .work well done;
lOo per doC 14% Cedar ave.
MADEMOISELLE MATHILDE BOUCHARD
desires '¦¦ a-' position as visiting governess;
French and music; private les-ons given. Box
2708, Call office.
REFINED girl of 14 would like to take car*
of child In nice home In Alameda; references.
Call or address mi Railroad ave.. Alameda.
AMERICAN girl wishes chamber work and
mending. Address 1317 Weber st.. Alameda.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
J6 we*k; convenient and respectable; free "bus
ana baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALB.
SITUATION wanted by single, sober, reliable
Swiss as coachman for good -private place;
understands Dome gardening; good Chicagu
references. Box 1766, Call office.
MIDDLE'AGED German wants situation as
porter for hotel or private place for house
or garden work; city or country: handy with
tools; wages $15 or $20. Box 2752, Call office.
COACHMAN from the East desires situation;
thoroughly competent and experienced; flrst-
claaa references. Box 2774. Call office.
YOUNG man would like employment In a liv-
ery stable; understands taking care of horses.
Box 2755, Call office.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 2736, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as night
watchman, elevator man or care for horses;
driver. Address by letter, 725 Utah st.
BY young man, stenographer and typewriter,
any general office work; moderate salary; can
furnish machine. Box 2S16. Call office.
AN Eastern hot^l man, experienced In every
detail, would like some first-class resort to
manage. Box 2814. Call office.
PAINTER 'and paper-hanger wants situation;
n rat-class workman. "Hammer," 822 .Fre-
mont st.
POSITION by expert die and tool maker: long
experience on fine Intricate work. Address
2759. Call office.
CABINET maker and carpenter wants sltua-
tlon; good workman. "John," 322 Fremont st
YOUNG man of good habits wants situation;
good references. Address box 2743, Call.
BOOKKEEPER; double entry; age 30; 10 yea-
experience wholesale houses; first-class ref-
erences: employed 5 years last position. New
York City. Box 2704. Call office.
SITUATION by a first-class gardener; Swiss;
single; best references given; private place
preferred. Gartlener, 533 Broadway.
MAN of 36. 12 years' experience general mer-
chandise, would like work of any kind; can
keep books. D. E.. box 2723. Cali office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants place to do
cooking; hotel or big family; city or country;
wages $35 up. Address U. M.. 413A Post st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position; fine
oook; ether housework. Box 5510. Call office.
FINANCIAL.
FOR INVESTORS!!! '¦ ¦""•"
. I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and Income city property: gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas. rail-
road and Industrial corporations; money to
loan: investments made; bank references; cor-
respondence solicited.
'T. OTWAY SADLEXR,
Room 40, 310 Pine et..
San Francisco.
THE- STANLEY Aerial Navigation Company.
A limited number of shares for sale at a
sacrifice. Box 26 19, Call office.
WANTED— $30,000 by a reliable merchant;. fully
secured; will pay liberal Interest: good chance
for capitalists. Address L., box 2721, Call.
FLATS TO LET.
A NEW, sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath; $15.
Apply 350 Preclta ave.
FURNISHED corner flat of 8 rooms. 654
Church St., near Eighteenth.
FLAT of 3 fine rooms. 3669 Twenty-third st,
near Dolores; rent reasonable.
HARRISON, 925— Sunny flat of 4 rooms, bath;
all modern Improvements.
NEW upper flat 6 rooma and bath. Northwest
; corner Turk and Pierce sts. ; $23.
NEW building of 3 Hats on Church st, near
• Mission High School. .
NEW flat: modern Improvements. 20C2 Oak
. st, fronting on Golden Gate Park.
SUNNY flat, five rooms and bath. 918 Powell
st. between Clay and Sacramento.
SUNNY flat. 7 rooms, bath, stationary tubs.
1627 Folsom St.; rent $20.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 3 rooms; rent $12 50.
1361 Sacramento st.
$16— SUNNY upper bay-window flat, 5 rooms,
bath; all mod. 1130 Florida st, bet. 23d, 24th.
VALENCIA, 1306 — Sunny flat of. 6 large rooms
2 bay-windows: sunny yard; rent $20. - ¦ - '¦
$9 AND $6— Cheap; 2 flats. 1614 Leavenworth
st. nr. Pacific, and 1123 Vallejo Bt.
$10— HOUSE four large, sunny rooms; large
yard ¦ and basement* S37 Alabama st.
FLATS TO LKT — KOK.>ISH_1>.
AN elegant new flat, furnished, rent being
reasonable. Please call after 12 to-day, 81.VJ
Twenty-second at, beU Mission and Howard.
NICELY furnished lower flat for rent, I rooms.
bath. Box 2741. Call office.
_-__-_——___ _____
FLAT of 6 rooms: family of 8 adults; must be
sunny. - Box 2746, Call office. ' , > •
FCRNITU11E FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In cak, JIS-W. with No. 7
. rapge. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR Sale— Cheap; 3 furnished rooms and kitch-
| en. * 1UV4 Leavenworth st.
FOR sale cheap — A flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent $25. 417 Jones st.
fll— UPPER flat, 3 large Bunny rooms; base-
ment. 123 San Jose ave.. bet 23d and 24th.
FURNITURE, * 12-room • boardlne-house; all
rented; low rent Box 2S02, Call.
FURMITDIIB WASTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkln: tel. Polk 694;
furniture &'furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn.. mdse.. etc, see J. A.
Munro & Co. ,' 240. Stock ton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
. etc, see W.E. Cody. .737 Mission; tel.' Red 8353.
CHAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
\ price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
HELP ;\WAXTE1>— FEMALE^
WANTED— First-class saleslady ' in cloak and
" suit department -Apply at HALE BROS
' 979-987 * Market 8t, Monday, between 8 and
: 11 a. m. - ........
WANTED— Trimmers, ¦ makers and salesladies
• in millinery ¦ department. Applv ' at HALE
BROS., ¦; 979-987 ; Market St., ' Monday, between
¦ 8 and 11 8. rn. ¦ . •
WANTED— 20 girls to learn bookkeeping, free;
; 2 hours each • evening, r ¦ Apply at once. Box
.2817, Call office. { '
EXPERIENCED cloak alteration hands. Ap-
¦ ply to manager cloak department | Emporium.
"EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. 121 Post
li'.'-BL', 1 ' room 14. •,.•',¦ V •-. '. ¦¦•"_.;. * ., ,-;' ; -. .¦¦'..„¦¦•¦ -.-.'. ¦_
PANTS finishers wanted "¦ by S. 5 N. /WOOD i &
CO. '.Apply ; at factory. • 27 Geary, sf: ¦ . •„•
.. HELP : WA5TED--FEMALB--Con.
AT C -• HANSEN ft CO.' 8.... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ¦•>
1 waitresses springs 120
waitress South fare paid. $25
waitress.. Institution, found and washing. .125
waitress Menlo Park »fO
2 waitresses Vallejo... *20
• chambermaid to wait.... summer resort.. ..$20
chambermaid to walt...Colusa, fare paid. ..$20
waitress North, fare paid *20
10 waitresses City WO
German girl delicatessen store $5 wk.
lunch waitress no Sunday work Mo
2 cleaners.. ..Institution and restaurant.... $20
nurse '....'. Institution 120
waitress Nevada Co , $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
cook .Alameda Co $30
cook and second girl Across the bay
.see party here this p. m. $—
Cook Berkeley $28
houseglrl Oakland $20
In fact, any woman or girl looking for a po-
sition as houseglrl, second girl, curseglrl,
cook, can obtain it at good wages by apply-
ing to
C. R. HANSEN — CO 10* Geary st
WANTED— Protestant cook, Menlo Park, $35;
cook, German style, plain work. $30; Protest-
ant cook, short distance, $30; Protestant sec-
ond girl., short distance. $25, see lady Monday
In our office; Scandinavian chambermaid and
seamstress, $25; 4 second girls, $30; waitress
for restaurant $7 a week; 8 waitresses for
.city, family hotel and country hotels, $20 and
$25. Apply to J. y. CROSETTT — CO.. 318
Butter «t
TO THE EMPLOYING PUBLIC—
Want employment— men or women T
Want to employ help — servant, nurse, govern-
ess, gardener, coachman, housemaid, mald-of-
all-work; housekeeper; manager on ranch; la-
borer, help of any kind. The only- reliable
employment agency. CLARK _ WARD,
10T3H Market st.. Ban Francisco (Pacific
Coast Employment Agency) ; Eighth and
Broadway, Oakland; orders by mall solicited.
HAIRDRESSING taught complete In 4 week-;
positions secured and studeats started In
business when finished: terms easy; evening
class. Halrdreselng College, 674 Geary St.
SUCCESS— Success— Success— The popularity of
McDowell's Dressmaking and Millinery School
la guarantee of its effective work. Be- your
own dressmaker and milliner, taking a course
without delay; enter before April 15 and get
two weeks free in Bewlng- room. 1013 Market
WANTED— BRIGHT. • honest energetic ladles
with business capabilities to. take a course of
study and establish branch agencies for DR.
E. E. McLEAN, Hair Physician. Call build-
ing, rooms £01-215. ' \ .
WANTED — Experienced seamstress In cloak
and suit alteration department. ADDly at
HALE BROS.. 979-987 Market st, between S
and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Respectable young girl for light
housework; three In family; $10 per month.
Apply Sunday and Monday at 1821 Clay st,
bet. 9 and 10 a. m.
RELIABLE nurse for child 2 years old; refer-
ences required. Call Monday from 9 a. m. to
2 p. m.'. 1718 Pine st.
WANTED-Two bright well-dressed ladles:
suitable and remunerative employment. Call
t to 4 to-day, room 327. The California.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— A few experienced operators * and a
limited number for Instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
OPERATORS on shirts' and overalls; inexperi-
enced Instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410
Mission st.
IMMEDIATELY— 2 lady solicitors; fair salary;
must be of good address; for, Saturday Even-
Ing Post SO Columbian building.
A YOUNG German girl as second girt; must
assist the cook with washing; wages $20.
245 Chestnut st.
GIRL to take care ot two children and assist
with upstairs work; references required; Mon-
day forenoon. 729 Turk st
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; stato «i pe-
rlence. references and salary expected. Box
2807. Call office.
REQUIRED— Service of refined woman, over 26;
references and former occupation. If any; per-
manent. Box 2762. Call office.
"WANTED— First-class cook; city references.
Apply between 10 and 12 o'clock, Sunday
morning, 1618 Guerrero- st.
A COOK: easy work; $20 a month and a good
home. Box 277L Cajl office. .
GIRL to do general housework: no children;
call this a. m. 1115 Washington at
WANTED— Skirt hands and operator at 1120
Sutter st
WANTED— First-class laundress. 117 Corbett
ave.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON — CO.. 635 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; small flat; two
In family. 1039A Dolores at.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work
guaranteed. 541 Market st '- . • ¦
FINISHERS on pants and vests: steady work
guaranteed. 541 Market st
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; work guaran-
teed for one year. 541 Market st
HELP wanted at dressmaking.,-- J4 Grant ave..
room 24.
GERMAN, Swedish or Danish girl for house-
work and cooking. Call a. m., 24 Hill st
DRESSMAKERS; first-class skirt maker. 518
Sutter st.
APPRENTICES to learn ladies' tailoring; paid
while learnlns. 618 Sutter st
DRESSMAKERS, Improvers wanted. il8
Sutter st
OPERATORS on waiters* coats; steady work;
power. C36 Clay st, room S. upstairs.
WANTED— Millinery makers an<i prepare rs.
. LEON Millinery Co., 943 Market st
WANTED— Girls to do tucking on sewing m _-
Chine. LEON Millinery Co.. 943 Market st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to make her-
self generally useful. 105 Ellis st. room 2L
NOON waitress. Call early at 613 Brannan
street. | *
FIRST-CLASS saleslady. Palace Millinery.
1036 Market st >
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on fine cus-
tom vests; wases $10 week. 936 Mission st.
IMPROVERS wanted for alterations. I. MAG-
NIN & CO.. 33 to 63 Ellis st
GIRL for house-work and assist wltn child.
2061 Mission st. ; call -10 to 4 o'clock.
WANTED— City experienced millinery sales-
lady. 24 Kearny st.
EXAMINERS wonted on shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO., 29 and II Battery st
PANTS finishers wanted at 253% Stevenson- st,
between Third and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted. 204 Sixth st
TWO girls who understand printing and de-
veloping velox paper. Box 1730, Call.
YOUNG girl for cooking and housework; wages
$25. 3008 Clay st. near Broderlck.
ABO«- T 100 more operators, also riveters, want-
ed at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall fac-
tory, 82»4 Fremont st; no experience neces-
sary: good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS. .
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big CommlMlons
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st. ¦
WANTED— First-class millinery saleslady;
state experience, references and salary ex-
pected. Apply box 2727. Call office.
WANTED — Operators on women's wrappers:
steady work; good pay. MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market st
WANTED— Elderly German woman for house-
work: no washing; sleep home; wages (29 a
• month. 7S2 Fulton St.
HELP WASTED — MALB.
....'... A SPECIAL
To-Day Sunday
....Office Open From 8 A. M. Until 5 P. M....
Wanted— A Larce Gang of Men
. For Ballasting Track
For 3. P. Co.'« Own Work
$175 a day board $4 50
Ship this Sunday afternoon.... Free Fare
Also
A Gang of Laborers, J2
|For Bakersfleld Fare advanced
*>hlp this Sunday afternoon
Also
Teamsters for Nevada ..."..:
....Ship this Sunday afternoon
Office Op«n 8 A. M. Until 5 P. M
C. R.rHANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
¦Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.,
i MACHINISTS to stay away from Honolulu,
H. T.; strike on. Int. Assn of Machinists.
. SALESMEN wanted to sell our goods by urn-
, •pie to wholesale and retail trade; we are the
largest and only manufacturers In our line
, in the world: liberal salary paid. Address
CAN-DEX MFG. CO.. Savannah.- Qa. ..•¦.
i GENTLEMAN or Indomitable energy and push;
i good opportunity to right man. -F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building. RS99
A FIRST-CLASS boys' clothing salesman, must
dress windows, for one of the bay cities. Box
: '2210. Call office. S. F.
TRUSTWORTHY persons to travel for estab-
• II shed house solid financial standing; salary
$780, expen.: no canvassing; Inclose addressed
;. envelope. Mgr., 373 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians. «tc.; free
scholarship in engineering - awarded to few
, . - well recommended applicants. . American
School of Correspondence. Boston,' Mass.
HELP WAXTEr^31ALE>-C«B.
A— MURRAY & READT Phone Main 5813
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. MONDAY
To the Sawmills and Woods
10 more laborers to work In mills, yards and
woods for large lumber company, no experi-
ence required— WE SHIP TUESDAY ?**
2 machine miners, gold mining Co....$T5 ft M
See bosa here ii-TT
..FOR A LAND AND FRXJIT COMPANY..
10 men to work on ranch and orchard, malts
themselves generally useful, no experience re-
quired • v®
6 plow teamsters, same ranch $30 and fd
- Man to tend plow for traction
5 blacksmiths, ranches and shops
|3 60, |2 25 day and $40 and found
S carriage painters $40
Millwright sawmill company.. $3 to $3 50 day
Man and wife, fruit ranch ...150
Butter maker and run separator «35
FOR— FULL— LISTS— OF— HUNDREDS— OF
POSITIONS— Come down and read our daily
bulletin boards IF— YOT-WANT
WORK CDME-8EE
MURRAY & READY. 634-6S8 Clay St.
AT CAL. EATP. AGENCY, 53 Sd; pfcona Red ZL
Wanted to-day (Sunday): •
1 first-class machinist. _.__"-
5 laborers - - ** " «*y
j hammersmen - JP °" y
8 machinist's helper..-. ** ***
2 coppersmiths. ,
Gang of mill and woods men; men to m—t
ties, posts and pickets. Offlos op-n to-day
till 1J m.. 69 Third st __________
WANTED for U. 8. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of a and 55: cltl-
x-ns of United States, of good character and
temperate habit^ who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
•ervlce In Philippines. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Montgomery
st. San Francisco. Cat
WANTED—By established, well rated fir— ,
scheme or specialty men to sell exceedingly
attractive and salable line: special terms.
¦ unique inducements; high-priced men Investi-
gate. C. R. COOK, a W. Atwater st. D»-
trolt. Mich. _________________
GOVERNMENT position-: thousands of ap-
pointments from civil service examinations
held in all large cities; catalogue *—»«.
Columbian Correspondence College, W__Hn«>
ton. D. C. -
WANTED— Young man for a country star* i|
must be acquainted with gsneral merchan-
dise, especially farming. agricultural and
extras to same; no others need apply. Box
2804. Call office.
A FEW energetic. Intelligent gentlemen to
present an attractive financial proposition:
successful candidates earn from $100 to 130*
per month. Address box 2769. Call office.
WANTED— Man to sell oil stock; 1? yon can
do It come and see us- salary and commis-
sion. Columbian Paraffins Oil Co., 313 F.mm _>
SpreckeU bldg. ___________»
WANTED— a' man. good carpenter . that will
make wheelbarrows; understand ship carpen-
ter work and machinery. Apply MRS. C
HAUSER, King and 2d sts. China. Baa In.
BRIGHT intelligent boy or young man of good
address; good opportunity to learn wholesale
business; references required. Address, stat-
ing salary wanted. Jobber, box 2773. Call.
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS.. 979-987 Market st. Mon-
day, between a and 11 a. m.
15c BARBER shop; old stand; running two
chairs; In San Jose; cheap. STULTZ. 7-3
Market st.
WANTED — Gentleman to keep a small set of
books and teach bookkeeping about 2 hours
a week. Address box B. 300 Hayea st
FIRST-CLASS salesman -ho Is- capable of
earning a good salary- Address Clerk 1. box
623. Chicago. 111. ¦
MARKERS and distributers for laundry: wages
$2 to to tZ per day of ten hours; reference*
required. Boa Zi*S. Call office.
WANTED— Retail salesman familiar with gro-
cery or crockery business; give reference,
experience and wages expected. Box 2763. Call.
MAN of good address for a responsible posi-
tion; must be good talker. Call at 240 Mont-
gomery st., room 15.
PAINTERS wanted at the "L'mon Iron Works
Monday morning; cnly first-class men need
apply. '
FINE pantsmakers; steady work. Apply Mon-
day at VALENTINE'S. 347 Bush st.
BARBERS — Invest In one of best-paying bar-
ber shops: $2000 required. Box 2770. CalL
FIRST-CI^ASS feeder on platen press; steady
Job. 109 California St.. room 21.
WANTED— Cylinder press feeder. E_2 Market
st. third Door. . r-«"h»i
MAN far general housework; good home; 113
a month. Villa Miramar. Ocean boulevard.
WANTED— A good milk-bread baker. 1138 Fol-
¦oia st
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors: apply Sunday. 10
to 12. and Monday. A. KAHN, 142 Geary st.
WANTED— Janitor. Apply at HALE BROS.,
between 8 and 10 a. m.
ERRAND boy: wages per week. $3. Apply _i
Kearny st, rocm 1.
WANTED— Errand boy for printing offlce. R.
R. PATTERSON. 429 Montgomery st
YOUNG m»n to go whaling; no experience re-
quired. L. LEVX. Battery and Jackson sts.
A CARRIAGE blacksmith wanted at 1183 Ml*-
sion st
BOY to learn engraving and go light errands;
call Monday. LARSON _ CO.. 12S Kearny st
WANTED— Strong, active boys. 14 years old.
8. N. WOOD _ CO.. 718 Market st
WANTED— 3 woodcarvers. J*. T. RTLET, CM
Hampshire st, bet 13th and 19th.
WANTED— Painters and apprentices; good loos
job. Call at 2904 Sixteenth st
A GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third rt.
SHORT order cook, small restaurant 1929
Lyon st
WANTED— Two bright, energetic young men.
capable of trimming In gents' furnishing
goods store. Address box 28-0, Call office.
WANTED— First-class presser on veau; wagea
no object. 85- Mission st
SINGLE middle-aged man to work on wagoa.
464 Unden ave., bet Octavla. and Lagnna.
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chain and furnitur*
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. «33 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
A MAN of law?. Influential acquaintance can
secure good outside salaried position with
leading fire and marine Insurance office. Box
1754. Call office.
LAST—RS; hand and Chase machine; kip
work. Apply at D. R. WENTWORTEPa.
West Berkeley.
BOY for doctor's office. Box 1739. Call office.
TAILORS wanted by S. N. WOOD it CO.:
¦ good wages. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st
. CABINETMAKERS wanted at 17* 'Thirteenth,.
street
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hal*
price. 663 Mission St., bet 1st and id sts.
YOUNG men to go north on a cruise at H£_t-
MAN'B, :< Steuart st
COATMAKER for country. Apply R— XS8
BROS.. 24 gutter st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics t3 know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : ISO large
- rooms; 2Sc per night; $1 to $3 per' week.
WANTED— First-class window trimmer in'd— r
goods store; state experience, age, reference
and salary expected. Box 2728. Can office.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st;
no barroom chairs used In this college.
EXPERIENCED knife cutter on ladles' wrap-
pers. JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery it.
MANAGERS ev-rywher e: either sex; JM week-
ly. N. Y. C. C. 120U Market st. of nee 6.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting". S3o
to 50c. 562. Mission st. bet. 1st and Zd sts.
Wanted— 2 lst-class instrument flnishrra. Kel-
ler Balance Mfg. Co.. Salt Lake City. Utah.
McDONALD &' PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st
MAN who understands nursery work and job-
bing gardening. S0O HaUht st.
WANTED— 100 men to take room-, 10c, 15c and
tOc. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
WANTED— Experienced ladles' tailor: pen na-
nent; good pay. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen ft jrre<»n hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS . all Invited to call anrl see th« latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters . 723 Market st. first floor up.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan bulMlng.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: r»adlnr-rooms; frea
'bus and baggage tr> an<< from fen— .
HOUSES TO _KT — Kim.\I»lt_O.
DESIRABLE sunny corner BaTT'TToomTlind
bath; Oakland: $13. A»ply at It Grant ave.
room 2. *
STEINER. K06-Well furnished 7 rooms, bath-
whole or part; .references. Call l to 4 p. ml
A— SO-ROOMED furnished house for sale or ta
I let; newly furnished. IW* Pt_, ,_. * **THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,; MARCH 31, 1901.
29
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
FOR saie — A handsjxne black stallion, 6 years
old. IT !:;,n if is.*..':, weighs 1600 lbs.; Is sound
and of pood £ifp<-*ltion; will b* sold reason-
able. Address JOHN SHIELDS. Marshall.
Msrln Co.
]->!){ sale — Locornoolle runabout In fine condi-
tion; miKa tor «-n!ng. owner coin* East.
CHARLES E- ANTHONY, 2600 Bancroft
¦way. Berkeley.
BUSINESS cart for butcher for delivery; also
busings* horse, stand without hltchlijg: lady
can drive. 1C21 Market st
40 HOUSES for sals; also wagons, buggies,
car'?, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
TTT. Sixth nt; auction i>ale« *v«ry Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Us
U session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoegt boc.. SIP Golden Gate ave.
A -l"0 SETS aemnd-htsd barnen: wagons,
<"arts, burgles, Furrej-s. horses. 1149 Folsom.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
flight, fast pacers and trotters. Til Howard.
AN A No. 1 <-xrreE9 waron. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOIiKS TO I.KT.
A — F*RG>J"Trm LIST Hm»c«! to let; iirad for cir-
cular. G. H. CMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
COMPUETTXY furnitbed 7 rooms and bath.
Apply C. W. DURBROW. Mill Valley, or
C::.A Mason st.
« ROOM: j-i(V.ern: Western Addition: or will
pell: JJW c»!«»\ balsrc* like rent THE Mc-
CARTHT CO.. 646 Market ft
I;t,'FI7. 1TP> — Sunny hcrnne of S rooms and bath;
i-m.rO; fS7 50; water rr*».
6 KOOMS; bath; large var<l; runny location;
Misnirm warm belt 44S Bartlett st
CTTAOF!. new. 5 ronmn. bath: yard, cellar.
1715 nayea et-. near Central ave.
BESXL JC2S, near Webster— Sur.ny residence, 9
rooms, bath, yard xrtil basement
COTTAGE of « room* and bath. 114 Odtr ave..
rTI Van X«<s. betw#^n G^ary and Po?t
HYPXOT1SM-
¦WAIfTTTD — InteHlgent mm and women to
learn Hypnotism. Box ZT60. Cail offlc^.
LOST AM) KOF\D.
LOBT — Lemon and white pointer: collar marked
property John B. Coletnan. Return 730 Fill-
more Bt: receive reward.
V. ILL finder of jyurse containing money an>l
oil f=tocJi rdea*«» return or zmUl same to RAT
LEVDI. IM Stockton st? Liberal reward.
RT?CG lost Tuw«3ry, in San Francisco; marked
iv.ciae S. T. tn 3. 3. 8.. Nov. 4. 387$: reward.
12» East «t. e. F.. corner Merchant or U55
Per&lta et.. Oakland.
LOST— Bi-ycle. Cleveland. No. 2S4S: reward:
co questions asked. STS Walsworth ave.. Oak-
lanfl.
1/5PT— Brown coefcer spaniel bitch with white
rpot en breast. Liberal reward If returned to
£388 Jackson st
RETVARD of RSO Tor the return of Jewelry
tak«-a from Zt6 Mason st Return to 730
Market st.: no cuwrtlons aeked.
IX>ST — Go<v3-loolring sorrel horse with black
rrnnr- and tall: foretop cut 2187 Mission st
LOST— Old stria set garnet brooch Monday
evening. K02 Clay rt. ; reward.
Verrted— Old pold for manufacturing. O. Kolta.
jeweler. U* <vp«rr*!l. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATIUMONIAL.
GENTLE1IEX wishing to marry wealthy ladles
f ,~4 TCV. far l<«t. MRS TTFTRTZ. 7^ R11t* «t.
MATTK1><I> *\l> IHHO'STKKV:
i?XTTRESSKS~ana~upholstery. t«L South 7wT
to r order or renovated, feather and hair
rtearr-ed: expert carpet desning: strictly re-
l>b!e. HOPKE BROS.. X18-350 Eleventh rt.
MEDICAL.
iJR.AND'MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladies'
specialists; 22 years' practice: all cases treat-
*-d tr our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
ireatir^ntiruperior to any other; positive cure
*rjarant<»<?d at office: r^tients treated can re-
turn same day: tbssa wishing to treat them-
ee!v««! £hou:<l send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Tr?atm»?nt; harmless; consultation free.
MTJP. Pit. WTETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
6uc«>ssful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offce: anj- ailment; home before and during
c-oTiSriern^nt. M2 Post, bet Hyde and Larkin.
DI1S. GOODWIN, 1CC5 Market— Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known; Implicit confidence; reliable.
55Z D. ALLEN*— Removed to 1118 Market st.
bet- Taj-ior and Mas-jr; ladies' specialist
UR. and ilP.S. KOHL. 1122 Market »t-. bet
1'Jiaon ar.6 Taylor, reliable ladies' specialists.
ALL c£Pf« of female complaints cured with
pill?: rrire 91. DR. V. POPPER. 323 Keaxny.
MINKS AM) 31IM.\O.
MONTT2TCMA COPPER— Don't put a dollar
Into stocks until you see what we oTTer you.
The information costs nothing.
THE AMERICAN GCARAXTT & TRUST CO..
Financial Agents,
210 Safe Deposit Bidg., San Francisco.
ZZZZ '
WANTED— Party with J2000 to Join parties in
incorporating a rich and developed gold
quartz property In this State; 3000 feet of
Ffcaft and drifts; mill and complete equip-
ment for working mine; has produced S3Q0 000
in bulllia: FTO'jnd -floor proposition. Address
box 2C:.l. Call office.
MIXES, petwits, oil stocks, real estate bought
and sold: Eastern and foreign capital wanted;
ores, mai>s, mill tests ehown at office, Parrott
bidg.. fourth floor, 47", and 47S, 10 a. m. to 4
p. m. JOHN TILTON. M. E.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. M-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 1S5-137 Fremont et
EARS, back bars, mirrors. Bhowc&sea, counters,
llrtolpum. new and eccend hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
T.2 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOOXAK. 1017. 1013. IC21. 1023 Mission St.,
ab^ve Hlrth; ¦write for catalogue.
GET a ruby point for your graphophone: Jm-
Utiiu the tone 50 i»r cent; it's a wonder. M.
F. LSVT. <15 Kearny Bt.. Agt- Pac. Coast.
BAEEHALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Langc and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
I paid.^ 8. R. CHURCH. 307 San»ome St.. S. F.
ASK for the 2-sion* diamond and opal ring:
pric ssu; cost flOO. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
A — BUYS, M-lls or rent.* gear machinery, en-
irines. boilers, water pip**, shafting, pulleys,
etc BHITELAW. :J6 Spear Bt.
FUSASUBE launch, 20 H. P. 2S feet long;
<hrap to cash buyer. MORSE & SHADE,
Vallojo. Cal.
TlTnvniTERS »t aiy price to close them
out; different makes: call early for bargains
TYPEWKITEK EXCHANGE. 409 California.
A— 20-TOM How* -.vagon ecaje; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California et
BICTCLE— GentP* hlKh-grade. good as new
cheap. Box Si-OS. Call office. .
EAlt fixtures for sale at 21S Grant ave. Apply
at l ! '- Sa.nsome at.
ASK for the butter-cup diamond scarfpln; only
15. UNCLE HAKRIS. 15 Grant ave.
KEWFOT'XDLAK!) dog for sale cheap; weight
lli jtounds. 212 Francisco et.
CAS pngino, dyr.amo. storage batteries, etc.,
cheap. II. S. WHITE. S16 Mission st.
FOR 'KALE— Chrap, furniture. horse and
wagons. Inquire at 2220 Folsom st
I PBESH Durham cows, with young- calves;
gr>QQ milkers; gentle. S3 Shotwell st. cor. ISth.
S 26 DOUBLK-EN'D i-n.me! roulette spreads,
dteap. 432 Shotwell rt.; call 7 to 9 p. tn. ¦
A LOT of Fovemment tents; CO bath tubs;
cheap K? Mission st
EKCnCBfl snd boiler*; e*-cond-band machinery.
J. BiRKK, 13* Beale et '
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & Jd-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. M Blur»me.
TTPEWP.ITER.S. 2d-haad. al! makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg*y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and aold. KROGH MFO. CO.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
, bought, sold, exchanged. 169 Montgomery »L
SAFES— New and secord hand. THE HER-
MAN.SAF'E CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at. .
SAFES— New and~ second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
WHEELER 4: WILSON sewing machine: brand
new; $30. Call at 2401 Clement st. \ * ¦
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Steam jacket kettles, from ten gal-
lons up to 100 gallons: must be In flrst-claaa
order and low price for cash. Address box
276?. Call office. -
WANTED— A White sewing machine In good
order, with all the latest Improvements; stale
lowest cash price. Box 2767, Call office.
WANTED— A Savage rifle. Bring same to 830
Howard St. Monday, by noon. ¦
BUZZ. planer; 50 acres of land: e<3*re of bay; 10
feet of water. 61S Third et., S. F.
TILTO.VS misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dies*, gents' clothing. 154. 9th: tel. Folsom 2S22.
!1O>EV TO LOAX. '
A— MOXEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
not borrow o? your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms » end 10, 906 Market Bt.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHT,
€30 Market st. Loan* on estates In probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, ¦ 2<J and 3d mort-
saKes, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
, lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
tst. rates. Paldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
1 £t-: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
JCOO.OOO AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER A SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bidg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
.watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 11V0 Market St. room 68.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commlgaion; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtss; city, country, 6%, undl-
vlded lnts.: estates. HARPER, 337 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
CAEH loaned to salaried people on note without
• lndorecr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSIC BOXES.
PAUL MONACO, the best repalrVr and~makerf
for 15 years always the best on the coast.
769 Market St.. bet. 3d and 4th. top floor:
south side. Fine Swiss muslo box repairing a
specialty; all work repaired to look like new.
MUSICAL IJVSTIiUJIEVrs.
ABSOLUTELY regardless of cost; closing out
our Northwest agencies; following are some
of the pianos sacrificed:
1 Novella, up — $65 I Schiller $263
1 Estey $35 1 Sommer $135
1 Emerson, up ...$I5 1 Gabler $135
1 Voso $8i 1 Waverly $122
1 Knabe $1S3 1 Marshall WendeMlfiC
2 Steinways ..$185 upll Fisher, up $119
2 Helnes $31i up 1 Mason A Haral!n.$.<&l
6 Chlckerings..$llQ up 1 Sehuman. up ....$10J
1 Hallet i- Davis.SK; l Hazclion square. .$S5
2 Behr Bros'.$21S. $J85 1 Miller $125
8 Schaeffcrs $i»S 1 Kelso' $135
1 new Mason & Hamlin chapel organ, ortfrt-
nal price $420. now ;i9s
And M others; rented and rent allowed If
purchased; rents $3 up; we handle all make«;
agents for some of the oldeet and most fa-
)' mous pianos In existence; agents wanted.
HEINE VIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
i ANY person baving use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Btelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlms
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for 18 caeh and
$« per month. We offer to sell some good
, pianos at $J. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. . Oak-
land.
j ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houoe
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASSIS, 28.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
¦ thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. - ;'-, :
BABY ORANDS at a bargain.
Decker * Pon and Packard, slightly used.
Such an opportunity Is seldom offered. Call
Foon to jr»t the benefit of it. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
WARRANTED — All pianos sold by us are guar-
anteed; prices low; S makers to choose from;
some extra values tn second-hand uprights
and squares. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
AN extraordinary bargain in a high-grade up.
xlfrht piano; used a short time; {rood as new;
half price. Room 12, Flood building.
A FEW new pianos for $150: second-
hand from $30. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell et. Chickering and Vose Agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a eong— $3
per month— dirt cheap.
LEAVING city, must sacrifice handsome up-
right piano, used 6 months. 334 Golden Gate.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $155 up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2206 Flllmore st.
SPKCIAL sale of pianos thin week; Stelnway,
Knabe and others. BRUENN, 208 P.ost st.
BIGGEST bargain In Finher upright piano;
nearly new: must be Fold. 801 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE plano«: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B.Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Mu*t be sold; nice uorlght piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank
A NEARLY new grand unripht cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 808 Post.
AT KKEFTE'B, 933 Market st, 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LEST.
A RARE chance to secure one or 2 stores Just
being finished; suitable for any business. 313
OTarrell st.. nr.- Mason. Apply IB Grant ave.
VERY fine large ftore and basement ; 993 Va-
lencia '»t.. near Twenty-f)r»t: key next door.
K. G. DKNN'ISTON. 743 Mission st.
— __ _ _ ____
FOR SALE— 8. P. Co. lease on CO acres oil
land in McKlttrick district; producing well
150 feet from our line; incorporated com-
pany with lease If desired. Address box
2215. Call office ..
MONTEREY CO. SNAP— Near San Ardo strike;
1<V) acres patented land at $35 per acre; worth
$100 per acre on account of recent ntrike. H.
A. MARVIN, 222 Montgomery st, S. F., Cal.
PROMOTER wanted to finish organization of
oil company; 3-5ths required now subscribed
by experienced oil men:-£0 acres proven Kern
land; big producers. adjoining. Box 2738, Call.
EASTERN' men organising oil company wont
land; royalty, caeh or both. What have you?
principals only. Box 2816. Call.
~ JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE,
Country correspondence solicited.
WILL deed choice tract as subsidy for boring
well. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bidg..
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
TWENTY OR FORTY ACRES ¦ " .
— In
24 28—27,
Kern River District
OH on all four adjoining forties. Land !n this
section Is held at $3000 an acre. A quick cash
buyer can obtain a great bargain by applying
to J. 8. EWEN,
13 California St.. room 407.
DON'T speculate— I have oil lands In proven
districts for rale er lease . at lowest prices;
will incorporate your company, and co-operate
with you. Before inventing call on or address
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ. attorney-at-law, room
810. -Parrott building. San Francisco.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. sclentiflo palmist, 815
... Taylor et., bet Geary and Post; tel. Black &6l.
' 7} PARTNERS WANTED.
CAPITALIST wants working partner with
some money for canning buslneps. Box 2809,
Call office. . .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PA1MXEHIS A.JNO UUCUKA'l'UKS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered, $3
up." Jensen A Bath. 308 Sixth; open evenings.
ROOMS papered from S3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ;,tel. Red 3621.
AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. 6" DONNELL— Office and residence"
1021H Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
ruuso.VALs. '•¦.¦
Stoddard's Celebrated Planters, a positive cure
for- all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and sold only by MRS. N.
6TODDARD, main office 1137 Geary St., nr.
Franklin; 'phone East 233. Branch office 1513
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. References— Hor-
ace Platt. attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
GRAND May-day festival and exhibition of
dancing by the Juvenile classes of Prof. Find-
lay's School of Dancing, at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Seventh and Market sts., Wednesday, May 1,
1301; matinee at 2. p. in.; evening performance
8 o'clock; entire change of programme in
evening; admission 25c *
«
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary et.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy la posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation ¦ sent to all
. parts of the world; call or send for circular.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady, no lncum-
brance. wishes partner in business; trlflers
Ignored. Address MRS. EDITH A. LENORE,
Station K, San Franclaco. Cal.
A WONDERFUL trick; to place full-sized egg
In bottle In which neck of bottle is smaller
than egg; send 10c for Instructions; easy;
very amusing for old or young. F, R.
DAWSON. Sacramento. '" - '
LADIES — Secret to enlarge your bust six
Inches, free: cannot fall or injure the most
delicate. LEONARD MEDICINE CO., Kan-
eas City, Kan.
FARMER, owning' his home, wishes to meet
young lady or widow with little means; ob-
ject. • matrimony. HAJIRY NOBLE, San
Pablo, Cal.
GENTLEMAN \.» years desires acquaintance
middle-aged lady of means; object matrl-
mony. Box 2801. Call office.-
REFINED American, bachelor, 46, of means
• and fine prospects, . would marry lady eimi-
larly situated. Box 2821, Call office.
YOUNG man '^wealthy) desires acquaintance
of young lady; object, matrimony. C E,
VALENCIA. San Pablo. Cal.
A MECHANIC would like to make the ac-
quaintance of some poor girl that llkea a
good home. Address box 2812, Call office.-
MARRIAGE PAPER. ~~~ *
Best Published— FREE.
THE CORRESPONDENCE. Toledo, Ohio.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. OEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.Oakland.
VALUABLE information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, . liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug, by MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1839 Polk et
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
West Forty-second St. N. Y.
FREE matrimonial bureau. Ad. MRS. VIR-
GINIA A. LANCASTER, Sta. K., S. F.. Cal.
BELLE — Going north; want to see you; write
840 Geary st. ¦ L.
ARE you bald or getting bald, hair falling! or
turning gray 7 Take warning; consult free E.
R. DUNLAP. St. Ann's bidg.. 4th floor.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. 'JENKEL, 817 Market n.
$1000 REWARD offered by the New York Der-
matologists to any one whose wrinkles ' or
freckles return after their treatment; trial
treatment free to callers. 105 Ellis et.. S. F.
t PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
j years' experience. J. B. RAY, 857 Jessie st.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up: ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st. between Seventh and Eighth.
LADIES make 200 per cent selling our goods at
home. For terms and particulars address
The Hutchlnson Co.," New Haven, Conn.
Ladles' A ''Vents' cast-off clothing bought A
eold. J. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third 1 st, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PANTS. $2; suits, $6 75. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORB. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A ' V.
DOYLE. 1704. Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
GOOD home open for healthy - -boy and girt
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 8th. Alameda.
JAMES* Detective Bureau, 127 Montgomery st,
room 21; phone Bush 289; charges reasonable.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather, wood
• and photos, at all first -class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO., 248 Ellin; tel. Red 1368.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle.. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
S. F. SCHOOL of Natural Therapeutics. 205,
fifth 'floor, Parrott bidg.— A rare opportunity
for physicians, dentists, ministers & business
men & women to learn power of personal
magnetism A assistance of Zolxm A sugges-
tion in curingdisease; safe, reliable, scientific.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
FwOALE^Y^BUlRN^Ali^MAllsirca
BEST BUY ON GEARY STREET.
$24,600— Rent $175 a month; sunny side; close
to Union square; three-story building; never va-
cant; this Is a sacrifice and must be sold at
once.
BUSINESS CORNER-GOLDEN GATE AVE.
S14.BC0 — Grand business corner, not far from
Van Ness ave.: two stores" and flats; large lot
and cement basement: biillrtlne alone cost the
money; rented low; no lease; $145 rent
HYDE-ST. CORNER-VERY CHEAP.
$11,600— Hyde-st.' corner: store, flat and cot-
tage; rent $80, and only one-half Improved.
PROMINENT BUSINESS CORNER. '
$26,600— Only one and one half blocks from
Market st; by investing $15,500 cash It will pay
over 10 per cent clear: present rent $185.
DOWNTOWN FRENCH FLATS.
$50,000— Rent $400; grand block of French flats,
new and un-to-date; downtown and east of
Hyde st; never vacant.
. BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montcomery st :
TO homeseekers— Economical folks who wish
to own' a snug, comfortable home should in-
spect that new 6-room house, nearly finished.
No. 672 Noe St., between 19th and 20th;. price
very low; terms to suit; builder may be seen
on premises to-day, Sunday.
, When in this vicinity it will Interest you to
examine the new six-room bay-window houses
building on Hill St., near Noe; these will soon
be in shape ,lo sell at moderate figures; easy
payments. ', -
FLINNV SANDERSON A CO..
Real Estate, 238 Montgomery st.
RICHMOND LAND CO.. 323 Clement st.
Two full lots with modern, four-room
cottage, in best part of Richmond;
price ...._... ... : .....$2,300
Pair of neat flats, 9 rooms; price 2,750
Store and flat, modern and cheap at..... 4,000
Corner, 67:6x100, on Lake st...... 1,600
Business lot on Clement st, only....:..... 1,000
2-story;>ouse. 6 rooms, modern.. ......... 2.300
$1300— CHEAPEST home In the city; toi effect
quick sale; 4 rooms and stable: weir of water
. produces 1000 gallons per day; street accept-
ed by city; cement sidewalk; plank side en-
trance: part cash. Call Immediately on H.'
W. DAVIS. 415 • Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
11300— COTTAGE,' 4 rooms and bath ; r Sunset
dUfrlct, eolith of Park. Apply to owner on
premises. 1622 Tenth ave., in ; Sunset dis-
trict, city. -. r ... - '. .
$4000— A SNAP: modern . Swiss cottage; 12
rooms; magnificent " : n.arine ' view; 47 Mur-
phy building. . . ¦
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Qunn. 630 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnlnhed. GEORGE M. S. ALSBURT.
builder; office 1833 Market st » j - y
IK you - have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on.W. J. GUNN. 630 California st. ,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1« pages, in wrapper for mailing/ $1 per year..
real :<¦ estate— city— for sale. i
gThT'umbse^n^&^co:.^'"^^ % ~^ > ~~~ s '
¦ ¦ -v- ¦ '•-•," 14 Montgomery street
$35,000— Fine corner on Van Ness, close to City
Hall; renting close on. to $1200 , per
month; could be made to yield hand-
eomely;. 60x107. ¦ : . ...
$18,000 — Elegant home, sunny side of Jackson
st, Pacinc Heights, containing 12
: rooms and 2 baths, furnace, etc. ; im-
: provements cost $12,000 to build; 34:4x127.
$17,000— Fine Western . Addition investment ; . 5
; v •-.-•'.' flats and cottage on rear street,' renting
for $135 per month; Improvements nearly
new; 54:2x120. : .
$11,000— Corner bay-window residence on Frank-*
" lin st, vicinity, of Golden Gate ave.,.
containing 11 rooms I and bath, etc. ; 40
f feet front.
$11,000 — Nice bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath, vicinity of Stelner and Wash-
ington fits.; brick foundation; in splen-
did order; sun all day; 1 87^x106.
$1X500—8 cozy nearly new bay-window flats on
¦ Sutter st"; containing 6 rooms and bath
each; renting for $115 per month; 23x112.
$10,250—3 nice bay-window fiats, nearly new,
on Ellis St., close to Laguna, contain-
ing 6 and 7 rooms and bath; renting
low at $80 ; per month ; . 25x120 to rear
, street. ¦ . •
$9;750— 3 bay-window flats, near Devisadero
and Haight sts.; renting for $85 per
month; 25 feet front.
$11,500 — Corner business property on Seventh
st.. close to Mission; renting for $90 per
month; 25 feet front.
$10,000— Nice residence on O'Farrell st., Inside
property, containing 12 rooms and bath;
in excellent order; renting low for $65
¦per month! can be converted Into flats;
25x137:6. V. • • ;¦
$7,000— Make offer; Thlrd-st. -property close to
Harrison; 25 feet front; can be con-
verted into business property.
$5,600 — Cozy bay-window house of 8 rooms and
bath on Octavla at, close to Broadway;
stone walks, street bituminized and In
good order; 25x112.
$5,000 — A rare chance for a good-paying In-
vestment; house and lot 27:6x137:6 on
Jackson St., near Polk; house can be
moved to rear and 3 flats built in front
which will net handsome Income in the
best renting locality in the city.
$4,250— Cozy cottage of 8 rooms and bath; close
to Broderick and Sutter; bay windows;
brick foundation; cement walks; street
accepted; mortgage of $3000 can remain
¦ ¦¦ in bank; 27:6xl37;6.
$5,000— Neat- bay-window home of 10 rooms on
Webster st, close to McAllister; In
• .^good order.
$6,000—2 coxy flats, nearly new, on. Clayton
*.".". st. close to the park, containing 6 and
7 rooms and bath; renting for $51 60 per
month; 25x106.
$4,000-Near Folsom and First sts., 3 nice flats,
of 4, 5, 6 rooms and bath each; bay
windows: brick foundation; rents $42 per
month; part- cash; property steadily
rented; 25 feet front.
$3,600— Tenement property, near Fifth and
Howard sts.; rent $34; 25x80.
$4,000—8 tenements, near Sixth and Brannan
. sts., containing 3 and 4 rooms; rents
$52 per month; 60x80.
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
* * ' _ ~ 14 Montgomery et.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO... ...14 Montgomery Bt
Auction!
At Our Salesroom, MONDAY, April S, 1901.
at 12 O'clock Noon.
EXECUTOR'S SALE. . ¦-¦¦¦H-:
1904 Devisadero st,, east line, near Pine;
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and balh; lot
27:6x100; subject to confirmation by the court.
PACIFIC STREET INVESTMENT.
621 Pacific st, near Kearny st. and Mont-
gomery ave.; substantial brick building, con-
taining store and 22 rooms, occupied as a ho-
tel; .rent $70 pe'r month: lot 23x137:6
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
634-638 Washington st.. corner of Jones alley,
between Montgomery and Sansome sts.; 2 sub-
stantial 3-story brick buildings; rents $180 per
month; lot 37:9x80.
CALIFORNIA STREET INVESTMENT.
1508 California st, north line, near Larkln;
modern two-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
rent $50 per month; can be easily converted
into flats at small outlay; cash above mort-
gage of $6600; lot 25x87.
CHOICE CORNER INVESTMENT.
340 to 350 Thirteenth st, corner Stevenson,
between Valencia and Mission; 6 desirable
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$86 per month, which are low; both streets ac-
cepted; lot 37:6x80.
REFEREE SALE.
NW. corner Bryant and Harriet sts., be-
tween Sixth' and Seventh; improvements con-
sist of store and 4 dwellings; lot 75x75.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
27, 29, 31 and 33 Shipley st., off Fourth, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison; improvements
consist of three-story building containing six
tenements; rents $55 • per month; lot 41:2x69;
subject to confirmation by the court.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
27, '29 and 31 Morris ave., between Harrison
and- Bryant, Fifth and Sixth; Improvements
consist of 7 flats of 3 and 4 rooms each; rents
$64 per. month; lot 50x80; subject to confirma-
tion by the court. #
ADMINISTRATOR'S 8ALE.
- 128 Henry. »t. .north line, • between Noe and
Castro. Fourteenth and Fifteenth; cottage of
5 rooms and stable; street work done; lot 26
xllo.
8H0TWELL STREET COTTAGES.
813-815 ' Ehotwell st., between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth ; 2 cottages of 6 and 6 rooms
each, as a whole or separately; lot 25x122:6'
each. ' .
VALLEJO STREET BUILDING LOTS.
• Vallejo st., south liiie. between Leavenworth
and Hyde: 6 choice lots suitable for resi-
dences or fiats; street work done and accepted
by the city; lots 27:6x137:6 each; terms, one-
fourth cash, balance In one or two years at
7 per cent per annum. .
CHURCH STREET BUILDING LOT.
Church st., west line, near Twenty-sixth;
choice, level building lot; 29x80; must be sold.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMRSEN & CO..
- : - .'-¦¦¦ 14 Montgomery st.
MCAFEE BROTHERS, "
: 108 Montgomery st, S. F.
CENTRAL BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$40,000— Two blocks north of Market st; pays
6 per cent net.
. : MUST SELL.
•,-¦'< :•-. ¦¦."•-<• :;•" : MUST SELL. '
A fine corner lot on Pacific ave., with marine
and city view; street work all done; size 45x
100;. several handsome homeR are to be imme-
diately erected in the same block: take notice —
this corner will be sold at a bargain; If you
want a fine corner lot cheap here Is your op-
portunlty. _ ;
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
On 2Oth St., In the Mission; 106x114 feet, with
house of 7 rooms standing on 25 feet; price
only $3500. »' . ¦-?-•.;'¦
FINE FOR FLATS.
12 lots fronting on McAllister Bt. ; size 27:6x
137:6, right In the heart of the Western Addi-
tion; get plat and prices at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Splendid home on Vallejo St.: 9 rooms, attlo
and basement; finely finished throughout, with
marine view; price $l3,. r .TO.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST.
4 flats near 8th st, overlooking baseball
grounds,- In first-class condition; rent $40;
owner anxious to sell; an offer wanted.
• NEW FLATS. •
Just built in the Panhandle district 8 and 8
rooms; all latest modern Improvements; rent
$50; price, $4800.
CHEAP HOME.
9-room house on north side of Clay st. Pre-
sidio Heights; lot 28x127 feet; price $4000; a
quick sale desired; no reasonable offer refused.
MISSION COTTAGES. SVJ?*&«
Several very desirable cottages throughout
the Mission district: 6, 6 and 7 rooms; can be
bought on easy terms.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS. .
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
• We are authorized to offer at very reasonable
prices several choice lots In these districts -
call for list. . ¦
A snap— Only $350; a 8-room house and lot In
South San Francisco. .
' . MCAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., city.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Realty Values are gradually rising.
Take advantage of our bargains.
$500 to $800 — Graded Sunset lots: $10 monthly.
$350 to $750 — Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly."' :.•¦ " '*:;'_• •
' $75. $100, $200 and $350— Ocean Boulevard lots;
$5 monthly. . ¦ _ . .
$100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsston-st. cars.
$1000,: $1500 to JS500— Choice and modern cot-
tages; good locations; easy ¦ terms; all . bar-
gains. ¦
Branch Office, 9th ave.,* nr. H st, Sunset
SOL GETZ A BROTHER. -
' C4 CHRONICLE BUILDING.
HAWKS & SKELTON. -¦'^-i.l .¦¦''..:.• v
¦ Rents collected ¦ and entire charge ' taken of
property. - '• >.. . ' : " . '->- . - ¦' . ' -_•-... . ¦¦ ¦ - :
$15,000— Southwest , corner Leavenworth arid
Green sts.: 137x137; rood house; handsome
grounds;. sut>erb view; * easy approach * from
Unlonor Hyde st cars. >, .<• - . ., .
S5r.Wi-CTa.VBt., near Leavenworth; 6 rooms-
may -take. less. <¦"¦¦¦.. .'-.-•- -. .... ¦¦¦.-. ... •.¦:.¦¦>.:..
,- Old : Pioneer Hall, on Montgomery St., corner
Gold, near Jackson; can be repaired for a few
thousand; will pay, well; good- place for can-
nery. '¦¦-.<:.'.¦<*.-, ¦'¦¦;¦: •¦<¦ --..¦- -¦.-¦.¦¦„ ¦¦...:.¦?¦ ¦ .-. '
$5£00^-Plne st.'. v near. Van -. Ness ¦ ave. ; " lot 25x
120: tnis-Js a bargain to build flats on.' •¦
$5,000— Lot NW.- cor.' Larkin and Filbert," 40x
100: fine - view of (bay.'-' /'•"¦ .
$2500— Lot BE." cor.: Larkln and, Filbert. 41x62;
pretty . site ' for home or flats; . view = of : bay. ..- ¦
$2000 — Lots Green, near Hyde-st. cars.
HAWK8& SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st. •"
NEW ''cottage ' 5 ; rooms; < make ! an ' offer; 'Jersey
and Noe fits. Box 2758, ¦ Call - office. . ' .
REAL ESTATE—CITY— ¦FOR SALE}.
REAL | ESTATE BARGAINS
FOR SALE BY ¦
¦ > , . BALDWIN * : HOWEU* :
$11.50&-Laguna St., near Golden Gate ave.: lot
80x87:6;. three flats; rent $95.
$20,000— Seventh St., near Mission; 100-feet front-
age; rents $125; near new Postofllce.
. $7000— Rents $88; lot 60x75; store and fiats on
Rltch st. ¦•:/•¦
$5500— Russ st., near Howard; lot 30x100; large
house. ¦ ' • . , - ¦ • . • .
$15,000— Lot 25x75; store and lodging-house; one-
¦ half block from Fifth and Market sts.
$30CO— Twenty-fourth st, near Sanchex; lot 25x
114; two fiats; must be sold.
, $5600— Rents $24; Guerrero ' st ; business prop-
erty, stores and flats; lot 37x87.
$12,50O^-Howard-st. business corner; rents $90;
store and flats.
18250— Seventeenth-st. business corner, store
and flats; rents $70. . .
$1750— Dolores St.; nice cottage: lot 25x100.
: $1750 — Church st. ; big bargain; house 8 rooms
and bath.
?6000— Washington st; 2-story brick building;
near Hall of Justice. . ¦ •
$45,000— Sutter st. ; downtown; rents $210;, busi-
ness property. ¦% -r - - •
$11,500— Rents $120; business comer on Wash-
ington st; brick building.
$9500— Rents $80; Sacramento St.; nice location;
¦ • lot 35x137:6; five flats.
$4200— Rents $57 50; b€Bt bargain yet; corner
store and dwglhug; downtown location;
Sacramento Bt. ; ..
$950— Cottage of 4 rooms, near Hyde and
Union sts.
$5750 — Rents $45; Pine St., near Taylor; fine
location for flata. " . • -
$17,600— Four large downtown flats; rents $140
per month; extra large lot; Powell st.
$16,600— Rents 1150; lot 51x137:6; Montgomery st..
near Jackson; large 3-story brick build-
ing.
$32.500-Lot 50x87:6; McAllister st, opp. City
Hall; frame improvements.
$65CO— Rents $62 50; very cheap: three flats;
near Larkln and Washington sta.
$10,000— Rents $120; near Jackson and. Kearny
sts.; three-story briqk.
$2S00— Jones gt., near Union; marine view;
house 6 rooms and bath.
$19,000— Rents $177 60; tnree new fiats; Cali-
fornia and Jones sts.
$12,000— Bush st., near Powell; 4-story and base-
. ment; pays well.
;•• $6000— Pierce St., near Haight: nice two-story
house, 7 rooms and bath.
JSCOO — Marine view residence; Vallejo st, near
Buchanan; lot 40x137:6. - - -
$4000— Broderick st., near Washington; cot-
tage, 6 rooms and bath.
$15,000 — Rents $110; Sacramento St., near De-
• vlsadero; lot 55x127:8%.
$20,000— Sutter-st. corner; 5 houses; rents $150;
must be sold to close an estate; large
lot. .
$14,000— Rents $110; elegant new flats, opposite
Alta plaza; Scott st.
$8500— McAllister St., near Laguna; rents $85;
lot 27:6x120, to rear street.
$5500— Lyon st., near Hayes; three flats; rents
$50.
$14,500— Three flats, Hayes St.; lot 85x137:8;
| rents $100.
BALDWIN & HOWKLL,
'•¦'Vj ';>;-.- 10 Montgomery st
SPECIAL.
Rents $1230 per annum ; 3 elegant new, sub-
stantially built flats, -with every convenience;
on Jackson, between Larkin and Polk; oon-
. tnining 7 and 8 rooms and bath each; lot 25x
127 :S',;"; owner must sell; going to Europe; a
perfectly safe Investment. ASKING $13,500.
SUNSET LOTS. •
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
On the list, electric cars and fronting Golden
Gate Park and the new Nlneteenth-
ave. boulevard. -. '
Lots and streets on official grades; macad-
amized; plank sidewalks, gas and water ser-
vice. Money advanced for building purposes.
Call at once at our branch office, open
week days, Sundays and holidays, cor-
V . ' ner H st. and Ninth ave., south of
' Golden Gate Park, and ask to be shown
these beautiful lots. Full particulars
. and price lists at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. t
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER.
$17,000— Jackson st, cream of Pacific Heights;
lot 60x127:8%; grand marine views.
MARINE VIEW MANSION.
$14,000 — Elegant mansion; 8 bedrooms, dining-
room, kitchen, salon parlors, servant's
room, storerooms, butler's pantry,
• ¦. » laundry, etc.; 37:6x137:6; Pacinc
Heights.
TO CLOSE ESTATE.
$10,000— Eastern heirs will refuse no reasonable
offer;. Howard-st. business property;
substantial 3-story building; store and
lodging-house. .- ¦ A
GRAND MARINE VIEW CORNER.
$10.000— Presidio Heights; : lor* 50x146:2; com-
y-.v mands unobstructed views that cannot
be cut off. ¦
' PARK RESIDENCE.
$7,600— An elegant new residence; contains 10
rooms and bath; modern in every par-
ticular; marble steps; electric appli-
ances. -
ELEGANT PARK FLATS.
$6,000— Rents $630 per annum; commands fine
views of the city, park, the ocean and
the Golden Gate; 25x120.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER.
$5.125— Marine vlewa; lot 37 :6xlO2 :8V4- "
RAYMOND. BALDWIN A CO.,
138 Montgomery st.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN A CO., . , ¦
138 Montgomery St,
Real Estate Brokers.
We have a fine list of properties in all parts
of San Francisco, Eausallto, Corte Madera,
Larkspur, Roes Valley and San Rafael.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN A CO.,
, , i 133 Montgomery st
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
Real Estate Brokers,
41 and 42 Chronicle Building-.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY. ,
$27,500— Slxth-sf Investment; ' 75x90; "4 stores
and S flats; rents $250 per month.
$3,7CO— Cheap Western Addition flats; lot 37:6x
120 to rear street; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms.
and 4- room cottage; rents $45 per mo.
$2,850— Downtown investment; Harriet Bt, nr.
Bryant; 2 flats, . 5 and 6 rooms; rent
$26 per month.
$3,750— Manufacturing center; Natoma, nr. 1st;
¦ 25x80; partly improved; rents $25 per
month. •
$1,300 — Cottage, 4 rooms and bath; large base-
ment; nr. Valencia and Mission st. car
house; rents $10 per month; 1-3 cash.
* CHEAP LOTS.
$22CO— McAllister, nr. Baker 25 xl37:6
2000 Waller, nr. Belvedere 25 xlO8
1100— Church, nr. Eighteenth.... .27 xlOO
18WV— Devisadero, nr. Waller.. 25 xl23
180O— Folsom. nr. Seventeenth 25 xl22:6
900 — Twenty-eighth; nr. Guerrero 25:8x114
1400— Cor. California; and 12th ave.... 32:6x100 :
SEO— California, nr.' Eighth ave 25 xl20
1500— Colllngwood, nr» Eighteenth 53 xlO5
600r-Blake. nr. Point Lobos..- 25 xlOO
lOX^— Second ave.,' nr. California 25 xlOO
1200— Twenty-second, nr Castro.. 25 xll4
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
41 and 42 Chronicle Bidg/ .
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine St.. near Montgomery.
$22,500— Rent $1380 per annum ; on McAllister
Bt..\near Lacuna"; 55x120 to rear street. "
¦ $2400— Rent $180; Eighteenth St., near Dolores.
$23,500— Rent $1620 per annum; on Polk St.; a
bargain.
$20,500— Rent : $1680 per annum; on CFarrell
st; a pick-up.
$11,000— Rent" $1458 per annum; large corner
property: stores and flats. — ,
$4800— Make offer; rent $383 per annum; 3 fine
flats c.n Folsom et., nr. Fourth; always rented.
$70,000— A centrally located ; property; a bar-
gain. • ¦- . '
$10,000— Five cottages and lot 100 feet front" by
82:6 feet depth; on Eddy Bt., near Scott. -. • '
*57S0— Rent $335 per annum; a fine 3-story
house, store and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary st,
near Flllmore. ¦ • ¦ ?/-¦:•.
$4CO0— Credit tale of a Park Panhandle prop-
erty on Oak st.. near Central ave. ; fine cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110..
A. J. RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents. •
. 112 Montgomery st.
$18,000— Stockton-st.' Investment, between Post
and Sutter; old Improvements paying $1200 per
annum.
$S750 each— Two eleyant . new . residences on
Central ave.. near Haight Bt. : contain- 10 rooms
and 2 baths: lota 25x112:6; houses finished in
the very best of style; Interior finished In hard
woods; all the latest modern Improvements.
A. J. RICH A CO.
$8C00 — An elegant two-story ¦ house, of 10 rooms;
on ¦ sunny side of California st, ' near , Bu-
chanan; lot 27:6x132:6; must be sold to close
an estate. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
¦ ' Bomery. st; room J. - \ ¦
$3000 — MODERN bay-window house and lot; 7
- rooms , and ¦ bath ; ¦ brick • foundation ; 10- foot
basement; near -.. 3 car; lines; - } no , reasonable
offer refused ; - part •- cash ; . no agents ; . housa
open dally, till 12. 1504 Church Bt. near 27th.
A'25-ROOM , house, : finely built, with large
' , lot, in j fine »; residence location; suitable for
, a large boarding-house;, price, less than the
original cosfof the house. , "Apply LICHTEN-
'¦: STEIN,; 14 Grant ave.:. ; .¦-..¦-.-.¦-.._. - V .. ¦-¦-.- J --.
A SNAP— $3000 .will buy lot 123x250 fronting on
3 streets; , one t block from powerhouse. Box
2776. Call office. , y ; .
$2700— 6-ROOM ¦¦ houses. » on -. easy terms; • up-to-
• date t In . every . particular: -. - Elizabeth, near
Douglass. J. ANDERSON, owner.
COTTAGE . of * 4 : rooms : for ." sale : to • be • re-
:, moved. : At Twenty-second and Harrison sta.
$2750— PACIFIC Heights lot ready to. build on.
/THE. MCCARTHY ; CO.,; 646 Market st
IN MllLValley." house and lot "for sale cheap
- on account of : departure. 626 Turk st, . S. F.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — V OR SAUQ.
EASTON^ ELDRIDGE Ht'cix.
62* Market st
¦ WESTERN ADDITION CORNER FLATS—
Beautiful, new. modern; northwest corner on
O'Farrell st; s flats: rent low $2100; elegant
and modern in detail; price $27,500.
WESTERN ADDITION PTLATS, SNAP— Two
beautiful flats, 7 and S rooms and bath; round
bay windows; always rent for $960; cars pass.
SEE THIS TO-DAY. Price 1*5001
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW CORNEE-On
Jackson st; 27:6 feet frontage; unobstructed
view; 2 flats: cost $3000; mortgage $3000 can
remain; must be sold; price $4600.
DOWNTOWN FLATS ON ELLIS STREET—
Three elegant modern flats of 9 rooms and
bath (just finished); sunny side street; nothing
finer in the city; rents $145 per month; 5 min-
utes' walk from Kearny st; lot 27:6x137:6;
MISSION WARM BELT FLATSr-Three fine,
well-built flats of 5, 5, 6 rooms and bath;
sunny side street; center Mission warm belt;
lay 12 per cent; price $5500. .
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE— Large,
beautiful residence of 9 rooms and bath; very
conveniently ' arranged; only few ateps from
the famous Oolden Gate Panhandle; light and
sunny; $3500 bank mortgage can remain or
can arrange terms; price $i000. .
BEAUTIFUL MISSION HOME— Six rooms
and bath; porcelain tubs, tile mantels, eta.;
2 car lines; price $2500.
. BEAUTIFUL WESTERN ADDITION HOME
—Seven rooms and bath, porcelain tubs, etc.:
every modern Improvement: bltumlnlzed street:
Interior decorations cost $2000; near Van Nesa
ave. ; price J3C00; terms to suit
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
fi 638 Market st
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 Market street
Bargains.
Foreclosure*.-
TUESDAY. April 9, 1901.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom. 633 Market st
STETTART-STREErr INVESTMENT— No. 13
Steuart st, near Market; this Is one of the
finest and safest investments in the city to-
day. It is situate within a few feet of the
new ferry building, adjoining Market st. In the
heart of the commercial district of San Frar-
cisco. The present improvements consist of
store and flat; rents $36 60.
' y* - *
I PACIFIC HEIGHTS MANSION— No. 2221 Pa-
cific ave., near Buchanan st This magnificent
home, situated In the most aristocratic resi-
dence section of San Francisco and surrounded
by elegant and costly residences, will be sold
absolutely to highest bidder, notwithstanding
the fact that the property opposite sold last
week for $500 per front foot Elegant modern
In detail; 9 rooms, bath, laundry, wlneroom,
etc. Lot 30x117, back to rear street
VALENCIA-STREET BUSINESS PROPER-
TY— West side Valencia street 55 north of
ISth; also north side 18th st., 100 feet west of
Valencia; 2 fine business lots, 25x100 each on
Valencia street, the natural continuation of
Market and the main business street of tho
Mission: large lot. 35:6x130 feet; elegant site
for flats or residence.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE— No. 2514 Pine St., near Pierce; one of
the most - desirable residence sections of the
Western Addition; bltumlnlzed streets; conven-
ient to several car lines; beautiful residences
on every side; this elegant residence of 11
rooms and bath, attic, basement, stable and
driveway Is situated on the sunny side of the
street and Is built so as to admit sun and light
In every room; rents $600 per annum; large lot.
42:4^ feet front by 137:6 feet; bank mortgage
$3000 can remain or can arrange payments.
FIRST-STREET INVESTMENT— No. 353
First st., near Folsom; lot 25x87:6 feet, with L
20x50 feet; well built house of 8 rooms and bath;
rents $27 50, and cottage of 3 rooms, rents $9;
total rents $36 60. °
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE— No.
1627 Hayes St., near Lyon: only, one block from
the beautiful Park Panhandle; large elegant
modern residence of 9 rooms and bath anl
basement. Modern and up to date In all de-
tails Hayes-street oars pass; bitumlnized
street- cement walk; 25x100.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT— No.
254 and 25-tVi Perry St., near Fifth; tenement
property of this kind pays larger interest than
any other property: Improvements large well-
built modern building of 6 flats of 4 rooms each.
Always rented for $53 per month; lot 32:6x60 ft
MISSION COINER FLATS, northeast corner
—Nos. 1335 and 1337 Vermont and 25th St.: two
new corner flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath arvl
ten-foot brick basement, porcelain bath, tiled
mantels, porcelain sinks with 'tiling; every
modern Improvement; rents $30; one-half block
from Mission and Howard street cars; lot 2ox
100 feet.
'No 3755 23d St.- near Chattanooga— Forced
sale; well-built bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
and bath in the famous Mission Warm Belt;
only a few steps from Mission and Twenty-
second st. cars; lot 25x90'feet
ALABAMA-STREET COTTAGE— No. 1664
Alabama at, near 27th: story and half house ~f
5 rooms; rent $8; lot 25x110 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
;.•- 638 Market street
BARGAIN.
i
$2800— Laguna St.. near Haight: lot 23x100;
two blccka from Market; cheapest lot In the
market; finely elevated street and sidewalk
bitumen; this lot is reduced to this low figure
to make an immediate sale and will be in the
market for a few days on!y.
COFFEY. HUGHES A CO..
. •• . v.- 630 Market st
$1»,SO— THREE elegant flats in W. A.: circu-
lar bay-windows; fine view; rents 1155 per
mo.; lot S4xl37:6. ,
$1000— A modern house of 6 rooms; Shrader
st., cicpe to the Park; 1-5 cash. bal. flat loan
or lr stnllments.
. $3000 for four modern flats of 4 rooms each :
on car line: rents $32 per mo.: never vacant;.
almost 2 acres; on Point Lobos ave.; 3 fronts,
nice house: grounds covered with shade trees;
windmill, tank, etc. •••
$3000— A very cheap lot on Dolores st, nr.
22(1; size 36x117.
$5300— A fin* buy on Laguna st; 6 lots.
JERQME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st
CHEAP PROPERTY.
$200 cash, balance like rent— A nice modern,
cozy home In the Mission; close to the cars;
everything bandy; low price.
$500— A bargain: nice lot on Lake st, near
ISth ave.; ready for building; will be sold
ch*ap. . * •— ¦
. ' $1400— Must be sold; S-room cottage at Ocean
View; close to the electric cars; owner wants
to leave the State.
McEWgN BROS., US Montgomery st
$4700— JUST completed; 4 elegant homes; i ai-
. ready sold; are well built; tip to date and
complete in every, detail; 7 sunny rooms; all
handsomely decorated: finished basement:
choice location; * superb view; 834 and S33
-¦¦ Clayton at.: Masonlc-ave. cars pass the door.
JOHN STIERLEN, owner, on premises; tele-
phone Page C601. . - , .
HEADQUARTERS for Mission real estate at
.. D. COFFIN'S cigar store, 3323 Mission St.;
-cottages of all kinds for sale on easy Install-
ments. ... .
S4C0O— A FINE cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x120; < Stelner, 2 doors off California; newly
. ; papered and . , painted. RUBEJf STEIN &
CLARK. 32 Flood building.
SELECT your lot anywhere, we ! will buy it.
.for you, t erect a house to suit and ¦ sell It to
• -you on very easy terms. THE -MCCARTHY
¦ CO.. MS Market st, • \
$7250— THREE modern flats, 6 rooms each: west
side Jones st.. north of Filbert: lot 26x100;
rents $65. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
• Eomery st, room S. :..
FOR sale— Cheap, : modern house; J rooms and
bath; sunny . side : Park Panhandle; location
best. 1324 Page st ¦': ¦
A BAKQAIN- $2500; two (-room houses: strtct-
»-ly UD-to-date; ; Just completed; easy terms.
"Builder," 9A Chattanooga st.,* near 21st.
TOR sale^-Three-roomed house and lot $300.
% 725 Utah st. bet Nineteenth and Twentieth.
REAL EgTATE-~CITY— FOR SALE.
8HAINWALD. BUCKBEK A CX>..
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS.
21S-220 Montgomery bt.. MUls Building.
A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$13.500
North side of Vallejo at., between Buchanan
and 'Webster; lot 40 rest front by 137:5 (set la
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths; house about 3 years old; inspection
will prove this to be one of the bigzest bar.
gains in marine-view homes ever put on the
market; lot and Improvements have been ap-
praised by competent broker* at over 115,000.
INVESTMENT-PATS 14 PER CENT. '
$7300— Rents $32 per month; south of Market
St.. between Third and Fourth; call at our
office for full description.
POWELL ST. LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
$4500— Rents $42 50; lot 2231x83:9 feet to rear
street; Improvements consist of 8 flats.
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
$S750-Lot SO feet front by 60 fwt depti;
Leavenworth st, near Broadway; Improve-
ments are four 2-story houses, renting for
J53 SO; certainly an elegant proposition for In-
vestors.
CORNER FLATS.
$8000— Corner of Buchanan st.; modern CaU;
renting for XS4; lot 34x31:3 feet.
MISSION COTTAOB. -'.'
$2100— Fair Oaks st., near Twenty-fourth; •
rooms and bath; lot 25x108 feet; mortgage d
$1000 can remain at 6 per cent.
$14,000-4 flats; Sutter sc; near Webster; rents
for $105; lot 27:6x137:8 feet; flna Investment.
$30u0— .Valencia st. near Fourteenth; lot JOx
100 feet to twenty-foot street tn rear: terms.
*35«o cash, balance on bank mortgage at • per
cent
$3250-F!orida st, sear Twenty- fifth: lot 27x
100 feet, with house of 2 flats; rents $27 60; you
can pay (500 cash, balance In monthly pay-
ments of SM 65 or less If desired.
J40C0— Corner Oak and Baker sts.; 23x96:10*6 1
lacing- Park Panhandle.
$375O-Nlnth st. near Bryant; lot 15x100 feet}
cheap.
$M0O— West line Church St., south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$15; modern; lot 25x100; a bargain.
$1360— Price reduced from $2320; modern cot-
tage on Second ave.. near Point Lobos; 5 room*
and bath; lot 23x120; or 50x120 for $3750.
$8000— Three modern flats; Jackson st, near
Broderick; rents $73 50; tor sala at leu than
cost.
12750— Marine view; corner of Vallejo st. near
Jones; 31 :s front; Improvements rent for $21.
$22.500— California and Octavla sts.; BE. eor.t
fine residence lot; building now on lot to b«
removed; size 63:9x137:6.
$7750 — Reduced from $9000; elegant Presidio
Height* residence, with 5 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc; lot 34:4ttxl27:3^; fin*
marine view.
SHAttTWALO. BI7CKBEB A CO..
213-220 Montgomery St.. Mills Building.
LTON A HOAO,
11* MONTGOMERY STREET.
$20.000— Jackson-st. Investment: 8 flats; all
rented; extra large lot; total rents $170.
$1,800— Cheap lot; Baker st, between Golden
Gate ave. anJ McAllister st; 23x36:10.
$1,000— Brodertck-st. cottage, near Bacramento:
bay- window, • room* and bath; latest
sanitary plumbing; keg lot 27:8x00; of-
fer wanted.
GREAT BARGAIN!
$3,500— $1000 cash, balance monthly; Presidio
Heights residence; Laurel st. near Sac?
ramento; lH-story house, • rooms, batn:
10-foot basement; lot 2£xll2:«.
CHOICE MODERN FLATS.
$3,500— Rents $S7 50: close to Panhandle: thre«
handsome flats; lot 27:6x100; a good.
steady Investment
$3,250— Rent $32 50. splendid Investment: busi-
ness property In Mission; store and flat
in good condition; rented; must be sold.
$3,500— Post near Larkln: good 2-story house.
10 rooms and bath: ha* two frontages;
fine place for a doctor.
$300 CASH— BALANCE MONTHLT.
$2.250— Fine new cottage, close to 13th and
Danvers: S rooms and bath; level lot.
65 feet front; take S.F. and S. M. can
to Danvers st
$3,600— Nice new house of 8 rooms, porcelain
bath, etc.: Eighteenth st. near Potrero
ave.; lot 25x100.
$10,000— Rent $97 50; brand new 3-flat building:
large lot; splendid sun and light: good
location in Western Addition; will al-
ways be a first-class Interest-paying
property: never offered before. •
$4,250— Rent $40; close to Tenth and Harrison
sts.: 4 fiats; all rented.
$7.500— Rent $S40 per annum: handsome new
fiats, close to Park: contain 6 and 1
rooms: all the latest conveniences.
$2,800— Rent $28; 2 flats, 4 and 7 rooms; on
Union st. near Hyde; always rented.
SPLENDID BUSINESS CORXER-
$13,500— Stores and flats; well established gro-
cery, barber and shoemaker; total rents)
$125; large lot
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$5.750— Rent $50: 4 fiats- well located at the Mis-
sion; lot 80x114. of which 40x114 la va-
cant; very cheap.
McALLJSTBR-ST. FLATS.
$3,500— Three flats: rents $35; lot 25x137:6: as-
sessed for over $3500; offered at low fle-
ure to close estate.
$2,750— Must be 'sold to close estate; Powell st.
near Green; 2-story brick house, 7 rooms
and bath. LTON ft HOAG. '
114 Montgomery st
ENTIRE WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK.
Must be sold at once.
$21,000, which is Just the valuation placed
on It by the Assessor. Land Is perfectly level
with the street Contains 33 lots, none of
which are less than 100 feet deep. Block
bounded by Octavla, Laguna. Francisco and
Chestnut Cheapest land in San Francisco.
LYON* & HOAQ.
$4750— BRAND new (-room and bath house In
Park Panhandle district; modern and up to
date In every respect; large lot; floe views;
can.be had on easy terms^ &
1 •" 0 1 ¦ 114 Montgomery st
MADISON A BUEKB.
Established January, 1S58.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market st. opposite Palaee HoteL
Double house on Bush st. near Grant ave.;
brick; rents »50: lot 38x63; $12,000.
$3000— Rents $27 50 per month; new flats;
Clara St.. near Fourth; 25x73; must sell; owner
leaving city.
$?500— Offer wanted: brick improvements and
lot: Clementina st., near First; lot 25x75; $1000
mortgage can remain. . -
$8300— Twelfth st, near Mission; large piece
of property offered low for quick sale; 53x140;
mortgage of $6000 at • per cent can remain.
$15,00O— Beautiful modern house In the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$5000— Post St., near Baker; lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; must be sold to
close estate.
$6500— Pine st. near Scott; a fiats; rent*
$57 50; lot 25xM7:6. * ' . „ ...
Laundry building with 2 flowing- wells of Al
water, tanks, bam and lot 168x120. on north
line of Lombard st. between Flllmore and
Steiner: also lot 132x120 on Chestnut «t. In
rear; rents $73 per month; must be sold on
account of non-residence.
$10 500— Fine vacant property: lot 37:6x90,
with 2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.;
Just the place for a grocery. ¦ '• ,
M00O— An elegant north corner tn the Presidio
Heights district; 60x90; this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap.
$7000— Harriet st, near Howard; lot 60x75,
holding frontage to Sixth st.: rent $58.
MADISON A BURKE. 628 Market st
BOVEE. TOT & SO5NTAO,
Real Estate Agents.
Houses rented, rents collected and full chare*
taken of property.
624 Market st
$20,000— Broadway corner: lot 137:5x137:8 feet.
with residence of 10 rooms and 2 fiats and a
cottage: but half of the ground is improved:
this Is a good Investment and pays well.
111,000— Flllmore st. near Pine: 3 stores and
2 flats above; rents for $106 per month; lot
60x100 feet " , „_„. s .
$900— Masonic ave.: lot 23x106 feet
17000—Shotwell St.; lot 26x122 :« feet: » new
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and a cottage; rent* for
$60 per month. ' - •
$6oOO-Broadway. north side; elegant view;
fine neighborhood; lot 27:6x137:6 feet
JoSOO— Bush St.. north side; 2-story bulldlne
of 11 rooms and bath; lot 23x35 feet; house tn
fine condition.
$i6C0— Masonic ave.; a brand new house or
10 rooms and bath; all the modern improve-
ments; everything first-class and an Ideal
home: lot 25x100 feet. • .- s
$4250— Henry St., near Sanchez; 2 Cats of S
and 6 rooms and bath each; rents for $33 per
menth; lot 26x115 feet •
14000— Lot 50x100 feet en Sixteenth st. near
Castro. __
$1750— Sacramento st, near First ave.; lot
25x127 :8H feet.
$1300— Church et.; lot 23x100 feet
$inoo— Second ave.. near Point Lobos ave. ;
lot 25x120 feet: ready to build on.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOT *
SONNTAO. -. ; i
RICHMOND LAND CO.. 823 Clement st
Pair fiats. 4 and 6 rooms; modern.... $3tvio
Mod." cottage. S rooms; on business street. ZT50
Tenement flats,4 of 4 rooms each; rent $36. -
Cottage, 6 rooms; high basement: modern. 2700
Little 3-room cottage, with big lot 1300
8-room residence: modern and choice 3600
Corner store property; well rented 12.0CO
Four full-size lots; Sunset District... too
Lot on Second ave. (a snap)....'.............- 8Q0
Fine lot: 12th ave.; street done 750
Two lots on California st (for. both) 700
C. C BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold: 80x114 feet. -
$1600 — North line Carl et., near Stanyan: 2Sx
127:6 feet
FOR sate at a banraln— A 11-room handsonio
residence, with or without furniture. located
% half-block from car line: south front: splen-
did view; half cash, residue. tn Installments
to suit purchaser. Box 2811, Call office.
$1350—4 ROOMS and bath cottage; lot 23x100:
easy terms. Wisconsin st. near 24th; only 4,
minutes to 24th-st electrto car*.
for Additional Classified Advertlia-
xaexvts See Pegs Thirty*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
30
* AJVEBTISEarJENTa,
Our Magnificent g
Easter Display I
Just a stroll through our various Fancy Goods Departmentsr I
Will tell the story, why it is that our store is recognized as head- |
quarters for Fancy Goods of every kind. This week the dis- I j
play representing as it does the choicest in Waists, Neck- 1 !
wear, Veilings, " Belts, Ribbons, Hoisery, etc., is a | 1
showing that should be seen in its present entirety by every j j
lady who wishes to keep in touch with the newest. We deem 1
it a pleasure to show such goods. You are welcome to look, and j
under no obligation to buy.
Here are a few special mentions: >
'\Tpplr*«7pnr-« The most extensive line of novelties |
_:* . » V g have ever exhibited especially j
selected for Easter ; as usual there are many styles exclusively j
shown here, such as dainty effects in Taffeta Silk Bows, ; :
Stock Collars, Sailor Collars, and Jabots, introducing
Persian, Gold and Creton trimmings;* also entirely new
i golf twice around wash ties, which are marked at such prices
that few are likely to remain here long.
Maggioni Gloves:
; were any better to be had we would have them ; but the Mag- | '
gioni is known the world over, as the most satisfactory glove [
made. They are the best foi-fit, the best for wear and the best !
value. Our Melior quality have 3 clasp fasteners and the neat ;
Paris point embroidery now so much in vogue, and include such i
shades as Tans, Red Tans, Modes, Grays, Beavers, jj
Browns, Blues, Greens, also Black and White. We fit I
and guarantee every pair, price SI. 50. ]
W3.1StS * S evera - new lines adde v d this week to our !
• f * already well assorted stock. Some choice
styles sold last week and really the favorable comment passed
upon them by our customers was one of the greatest advertise-
ments we could have. We urge you to view these goods personally
Pacf-pr • Easter favors are becom-
J^d^LCl 1YUVC1UC5 . jng m6re and more popu _
lar every year and we are devoting more attention to them than
formerly. This year our stock of Bronzes, Opal Crystal,
Lonhuda Wafe, Hungarian Glass and Sterling Silver novel-
ties is finer than ever. We invite you to inspect the beautiful j
display of these goods on our second floor.
\^Glll TIP'S * We can not half express the beauty of ;
5 the styles we have brought out for *this !
season, it is impossible for. you to appreciate them until you
have seen them ; amongst which are the very becoming veils
in plain, dotted and fancy meshes in black, black on white,
brown and navy blue, and the stylish border veils in the pret-
tiest of patterns ; all offered at moderate prices, 25c to $5.00
a yard. We are sure that no up-to-date lady would willingly j
miss seeing this beautiful dispJay which now awaits her coming. 1
BdtS # !^ e certam -y never have shown such a great !
* ; variety of Belts and Buckles in such fashionable i
styles as now — air of the latest designs are here, one of the
most prominent features is the tilted buckle which makes the ¦ !
long waisted effect that is now so popular. \
Fancy Belts In gold and perslan effects $1.00 to $5*00 each i
Leather Belts with gold and oxydized clasps 65 to 3.25 each
Beltings in. gold, silver and persian 35 to a.oo yard | ,
Buckles in new designs 50 to 7.50 each ; •
• Silk Hose at $1.35 pair
Commencing Monday we shall have on sale a special pur- !
chase of Ladies' Silk Hose in colors and black Richelieu ribs, <
Rembrandt rib and plain, that are well worth $2.00 for $1.55 ¦
per pair. «o . : f
In connection with the announced $1.35 Silk Hose sale, we [ i
offer brand new Fancy and Staple Hosiery, which have just 1
arrived. The fancy styles comprise entirely new designs in [
latest colorings which range* in price from 35c to $?.5O pair. I
, 125 to 131 Kearny Street i
¦¦ ¦ininn_)lr
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.
2 15-217 Sutter Street—above Keamy.
newest goods.
Come in any time — we're always
glad to talk with you or show tho
We are always posted on these
matters — we make It our business to
keep In touch with new Ideas, new
fashions, and the novel and new things
for home furnishings.
If you are having
any trouble about
selecting carpets,
linoleums, rugs,
mattings, etc.
for your home or office let us
help", you.
Mary, Thomas aad John Daly. Mrs. P. F.
Mlhan and Mrs. T. P. Jlinnehan. a native
of Castletown Roche. Co-jrry Cork. Ireland,
aged 62 years. (Watsonvllle, Cal., papers
please copy.) * *
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 10 Vlcksburg street, near Twenty-
second, between Church and Sanchez, thence
to St. James Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for f the repose
of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. In-
terment at Watsonvllle. via 9:10 o'clock train
from Twenty-Hfth and Valencia street*.
COLE— In Oakland, March 30. 1901. Leander
G. Cole, brother of Daniel T. Cole, coiner
United States Mint, a native of Vermont,
aged 70 years 11 months and 7 days.
• (CyFiiends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1545 Webster street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
CULLINA-N— In this city. March 29. 1901, Vin-
cent Culllnan. beloved brother of Eustace
Culllnan, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 8 months and 13 days.
tCyThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DE PEREZ— In this city. March M. 1901. Maria
Antonla de Perez, mother of Frederico and
Antonio "Perez.' Mrs. Darlo Anaya and Mrs.
C. P. de Carranza, a native of Monterey,
Cal., aced 87 years.
FOPPLANO— In this city. March 28. 1901.
James, dearly beloved son of Mr. Frank
Fopplano and of the late Mrs. Teresa Fop-
plano, and brother of Mrs. Rosa Puccini,
Mrs/ Cellna Golton and John and Rlnaldo
Fopplano. a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years and 3 months.
([—Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Sunday), at W o'clock precisely,
from the undertaking parlors of Valente.
Marlni & Co.. 1524 Stockton street, near
Union. Interment Holy Cross, Cemetery.
HELKE-In this city. March 27. 1901. Charles
Helke, beloved father of William L. and
Adolph Helke, a native o.f the Kingdom ol
Saxony, aged SO years 2 months and 6 days.
(Milwaukee, Wis., papers please copy.)
JET 1 Friends and acqualntanet s are reapect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his lau resi-
dence. 80 Waller street, between Octavla and
Laguna. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HINKLET— In this city. March 29. 19C1. at his
residence. 609 Polk street. Oliver Hlnkley.
dearly beloved husband of Mary Hinkley,
and beloved father of Charles E. Hinkley,
a native of Richmond. Me., aged 71 years. A
member of Parker Lodge No. 124. I. O. O. F..
and Friendship Lodge No.. 1731. K. of H.
(Richmond and Bordlngham. Me., and Pla-
cervllle. Cal.. papers please copy.)
lETPricndu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clocit. from hli late resi-
dence, €09 Polk street, between Turk and
Eddy, thence to I. O. O. : F. Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, where services
will be held under the auspices of Parker
.Lodge No. 124. I. O. O. F. Interment I. O.
• O. F. Cemetery-
ILLING— In this city. March 29. 1901. Fritz
Illlng, beloved husband of Meta Illlng. and
father of. Hanna. Ernst, Fritz and Rudolf
1 Illlng. a native of Haung, Hessen-Nassau.
Germany, ased M years and 12 days. A
member of Eureka Lodge No. «, O. d. H. 8.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3942 Nineteenth street, thence to 510
Bush street, where funeral services will be
held under the auspices of Eureka Lodge No.
,6, O. d.H.S., commencing at 2 o'clock.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KELLY— In Hanford, March 2«.-n1901. Matthew
B. . Kelly, a member of. the Bricklayers* As-
sociation of Ban Francisco, and Eureka No.
4, San Francisco v olunteer Fire Depart-
ment, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
C7 Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
- Eighth and Ninth. Interment ; Laurel Hill
Cemetery. BB_Sfl8
C7Friends and acquaintances ar*» respect-*
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from th« parents*
residence. 20 Federal street, between First
and Second. Bryant and Brannan. Inter*
roent Holy Cross Cemetery.
McELROY— In this city. March SO. 1901 Jo-
sephine T.. beloved wife of Jamaa McOroy.
and mother of Edward DuDrey, a nattva of
Dublin. . Ireland, age<l S3 yean 8 months and
1* days.
MAHONET-In this city. March JO. 1301. Mary
Agnes, beloved daughter of William J. aad
Annie Mahoney. and sister of Gladys Mi-
C7 Friends and acquaintances a— respect*
fully Invited to Attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), 'at 1:30 o'clock, from th* parlor*
of H. F. Suhr A Co.. 1137 Mission street, b*»
. tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
LEWIS-In this city. March SO. 1901. Oeorr*
D.. dearly beloved son of Mathias J. and
Sarah A. Lewis, and brother of Henry J..
Maggie I.. William M. aad the lata John W.
Lewis, a native of San FTanclsco* axed 3
years 2 months and 18 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances a— respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun«ral this dajr
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his i«.t» resi-
dence. 8254 Twenty-fifth street, between Hoir.
ard and Fulsora. Interment Mount Oltret
Cemetery, by carriages.
KOLB— In thls^ city, March IS. 1901. G«o-—
Kolb, beloved father of Pbillpp and Christian
Kolb. Mrs. R. W. Dtttmann. Mrs. O. He— t
and Marie and Georg Kolb. a native of
Bavera, Germany, aged 74 years ( months
and S days. (Philadelphia papers pleasa
copy.) -
KOCH (COOK)— In this city. March t>. U01.
Charles Frederick Koch (Cook), beloved son
of Simon and Elisabeth Koch, aad brother at
Simon T., Henry W.. Otto H-. Albert O.
and Caroline- A. Koch (Cook) and Mrs. Ed-
mond (yiH, a native of San Jose, CaL. aged
24 years 11 months and 1 day.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
ALL, Geculna B-ircaics in This List.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
$1400— A cozy heme: only >\ cash.
$1600— Four email fiats; all rented for 130;
% ca»b_
$1356— Two splendid flats; rented $23;. near
Sixth..
j::,i'>— Nice 7-room house; Capp St.; mortgage
51M0.
$7000 — Leavenworth Bt. ; two modern 7-room
Oats: lot S0xl27:6 feet; a bargain.
$7750— Splendid Investment; near Van Ness
ave.; rente $S1; all rented.
$12.500— Lea venuorth el.; rents $ltt; lot 55-
Joot front.
$14.000— Three ele*ant fiats; rents $150; all
rented: H cash; must sell.
$15,000— Saneome sv; 46-foot front; rents $S0.
$l«,000— Ellis Et.. with pood Improvements;
lot £2x137 feet; near Franklir. et.
$IS.000 — Howard 6t. : downtown; fine 4-*tory
and basement building: rents $125. • -
tlS.600— Cheap at J22.000; 8 modern flats;
rents $170.
$2S.0*>— Business property of 4 etores and 8
flats; renta $350.
$50,000— Mission Bt.. north 6ide; 45-foot front:
must eell: east of Flnrt st.
$40.000— Corner; Gulden Gate ave.; 137:6xl37.C;
rents ST40.
$55.000— Grand corner; 60-foot front; few
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75.000— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tlvoli; old improvements: rents $400.
$140,000— Miseion-st. corner, doee to water
front: fine brick building; 1 tenant; rent about
$S0O: lot lOOxia feet.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK A CO.. 687 Market st.
VON RHEIN REAL
IMPROVED. I ¦
$12 000— Uni-m St.. near Taylor: !5:9xl2S:9; J
modeVn flats and rear house; rents $99 F9
$>>S50— McAllister et.. near Steiner; ltf:6xllO.
h-use of 7 rooms and bath. - •
$7500— Jones st.. near Lombard; I5xlM.6. 3
irodern flats; rent* $65.
$£500— Buchanan St.. near Post; 24x87:6; bouse
cf 7 rooms and bath: rent $35.
$512S— Post ft,, near Baker; IiXlS7:6; 2 flats.
"•Sw&llfomU rt.. near Webster: 25x137:6;
l lti000-<\>rner Om Leaven worth and Broadway;
ccttage and 2 flats; rent $41.
$SS00-Harriet «.. near Bryant; Sox^a, S-story
'bsso^Callfornla et.. near First are.; 24x63;
*?e d ar ba vane3o; «:10x5S:9; 4
«.. near Sixth: 20x80; house
cf € rooms end bath: rent $25.
UNIMPROVED
tllOOO-rnlcn, near Maeon; 03:6x137:6
$5S00-Gre«iwich St.. near Taylor: 45^9x137.8.
»4S00-rnlon st. near Webster: 68.9x137.6.
f3.V>O-Fulton et.. near Fillmore- S2:6xl37. 6.
$3000-L&guna et.. near Page: •S* 1 ™-
t2500-Cor. Thirtieth and Do.ores; «. 6x100.
j;noc— Waller St.. near Stsnyan; 55x100.
$1600— Florida rt.. near ISth; N*l«>
$1250 each-Dolores, near 80th; KxlOO; 2 lots.
$1000— Emma St.. near 14th; 2Sx90.
g >TEW six-room homes on Clipper _st-. tet?f*n
Church and Eancher. H. FEIGE. builder.
1C24 Capg et.
t COTTAGES; lot 61x117 feet to rear, on jstxeet;
Fair Oaks, near 22d- Apply 733 Guerrero. 9
to 12 a. m. _
REAL KSTATE — COUXTKY— For SsU«
' oThTcmbsen * cb..
14 Montgomery Street.
A love'.y eouatry home In Los Gatos, Cal.: »-
room cottage, modern tn every way; carriage-
house and complete outbuildings, all In Al con-
dition* commands unsurpassed tow or \ alley
and mountains; an abundance of ter; /*,?
end telephone: will be sold at a tsacriflce. Call
lor particulars and price.
$400—40 acres; northwest of Vacavllle. Solano
Co.: house, barn; 6 acres of fruit.
SZZOO— 13 acres, adjoining city limits of Santa
Rosa, Sonoma Co.; all in full bearing;
pears, plums, peaches and prunes; mod-
ern cottage of t rooms and bath; one o«.
the cheapest and most profitable subur-
ban homes In Sonoma Co.
$1600— 160 acres, Just east of Redding. Shasta
Co.; all level; all can be cultivated: 15
acres under cultivation; house; well
watered: exchange for property any-
where a.-ound the bay.
JWXK"— IS acres at Lawrence Station. Santa
Clara Co. : entire ranch in peaches, apri-
cots, pears and prunes; good 2 : story
house of 9 rooms; modern barn and
windmill; one of the best bargains In
Santa Clara County.
$4400— 74 acres In Santa Clara; all in apricots
and prunes: good 12-room nouse; large
barn and outbuildings; a banraln.
J1300— 5 acres east of Napa City. Napa Co.:
good house, large barn; all fenced,
chicken tight; 5 chicken houses: 130 full
bearing fruit trees; one of the best
chicken ranches In Natia Co.
$3900— 16 acre* at Novato Station. Marln Co.;
all susceptible of cultivation; this prop-
erty U offered « this sacrifice, as owner
cannot look after it.
$10.000— A bargain: S28 acres situated north of
&Ilddletown. Lake Co.; 35 acres in al-
falfa.; over 3000 walnut trees, t years old,
on the place; 160 acres under high state
cf cultivation; fine buildings; an irri-
gating system unsurpassed, costing
nearly as much as is now arked for the
ranch; the sacrifice price of $10,000 will
be made for this ranch; call and get
particulars.
$2000— Good 7-room bouse, on Sanchez St.,
city: also 2 good cheap small ranches.
In Napa County: exchange all or any
for home In Berkeley, Oakland or Ala-
meda; a rare bargain can be had on
this, as owner is anxious lor a good
home.
One of the finest 10-room residences on Fil-
bert sr., Oakland. Is offered at iiOOO;
less meney than It Is worth; call for
particulars and price.
To rent — 4 cottages, nicely located. In Mill
Valley. ¦ «
R. 8. BROWNE, "Manager Country Dept.
' __^
THE CREAM
of
EAN MATEO.
Elegant
Building Sites for Bale.
In the Bowie Estate.
The finest wiburban residence property of San
Francisco. Now being bought and built upon
by the best class of citizens.
CHOICE AND~CHEAP.
THE MEZES TRACT AT BELMONT.
Containing over 500 acrea, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and other trees
and commanding grand view; within one
hour of the city; tn subdivisions at prices of
only $75 per acre and up.
For maps and particulars address
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
1C8 Montgomery St.,
San Francisco.
.AS AN INDUCEMENT to HOMESEEKERS.
Good during the next 30 days the following
effer to purchasers of 10 acres or more Is made:
Purchase price may be paid at the end of four
years, or in four annual installments, at the
option of buyer, with 7 per cent annual Inter-
est on deferred payments; the land is choice,
level, garden and orchard land, located at
' 'WolfEVill Station, near *VacavilIe. Bolano Co.,
the celebrated early fruit section of California,
and will be sold at the low price of from $30 to
340 per acre: surrounding lands cannot be
bought for less than $75 per acre: the land will
raise all kinds of garden truck and early fruits.
For maps or circulars call or write CALIFOR-
NIA FARM LAND ASSOCIATION (Inc.), 61S
Examiner building. San Francisco.
ATTENTION, Home Eeekera!
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargaina In
income producing orchards, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclo-
sures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush. Lav-
Ing had forty year*' knowledge and experience
In the value of lands, and being the owner of
an Income producing orchard and vineyard,
car intelligently direct intending buyers to "he
best lends and bargains in the State, bend for
Dew catalogue.
DAVID BUSH & SOX. 10 Montgomery st.
Headquarters
Of the Tourist Free Information Buraaa.
E. C. PECK. Manager.
$1000— «- ACRE model poultry farm; adjoins
tov.T. ; nice 5-room cottage; barn; all rich
vegetable and train land; a tsoap.
13000— 120-acre model farm; near San Jcwe;
till under cultivation; grain and fruit; alee
bouse, barn; 100 fruit trees; only H cash.
Apply A. M SPECK & CO.. 667 Market «t.
FOR eale — Nicely Improved home of six acre*;
S00 fruit trees in full bearing; house of 5
rooms and basement, barn, etc.; near R. R.
depot. For information address Owner, box
64. Novato. M»rtn Co.. Cal.
FORECLOSURE sale— 400 acres of best farnv
ing land in the State, located in Colusa
County; covered with fine oaic trees; to be
eold at a great aacrlflce; only $6 per acre.
AdCrers box 2214. Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap— 17 acres in Santa Clara Valley
In the edge of town; good land and well lm-
proyed; on eaey terms. For particulars, 340
Minna St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
BUT in Napa County; no .drouths, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for. free
copy "Nepa County V.Uculturist" THE W.
A. MACKINDER CO . St. Helena. Cal.
CTTT of Sonoma: good two-t»tory house of 7
rooms and bath; hot and cold water; good
condition; lot GxlST; must be bold; no rea-
sonable offer refused. Box 24S2. Call office.
*FOR RENT — About S acrea land, good barn. 7—
ptory hout-*, fnehd or net; also saloon & bar-
ber chop. H. M. Le Baron. Valley FortJ, Cal.
BARGAIN— For Bale or lease. 4«4 acres; near
Ban Mateo ;• good boU; level; Improvement-.
Call at 5 p. m. at 297 Church Bt.
KINGS County lands: richest producing soil
Jn California; $5 to $250 per acre. RUBEN-
OTEIN & CLAKK. S2 Flood building.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For 8ml«
FOR sale in Contra Costa County— 90 acres;
an attractive country -home, highly improved
and uroductive. with many natural advan-
tages; superior climate; large and commo-
dious dwelling house. 6 rooms and bath;
t>mall house for workmen and two fine barns;
out bulldlncs: there are 4800 fruit trees of
following varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pear?, peaches, apricots, 'orange, quince, per-
rlirnnons, plums, apples, olive and flg: trec-«
eight years old and in full bearing; abund-
ance of fhade trees.
There are several natural springs, also well
and tank of 10.000 cations, which supplier
house and grounds; also a live creek. It I*
situated not far from the famous 'Bancrof*
orchard. Terms. $M00 cash payment, balanc--
can remain on mortgage for 3 years. Inter-
est at 7 per cent, or would accept good city
or Oakland property for balance. For fur-
ther particulurs ca'l on EDWIrf W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery St.. city.
FARMING and other property Jn various parts
of California for pale. Oatnlo»rue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR, ODTHRIE & CO..
316 California st, San Francisco.
1 HAVE for sale (easy payments) 10 mid 20
acre tracts in one of the finest colony set-
tlements In the State; 20 homes and orchards
in the colony now; an abundance of water for
Jrriratlon: soil Al; fruit, garden and frraln;
climate healthy: send Ftamp for catalogue.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st., opposite Mason.
AN Installment Proposition.
We are subdividing the Bonner subdivision of
the celebrated Wolfskill crant. near Winters. !
Yolo County, the earliest fruit and vegetable
land in the State: will sell for one- third cash,
balance i.- ™it buyers.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery st.
$75 PER acre — 40-acre vineyard,, orchard and
pasture; house, barn and water right: In
Kin**' County; on ensy terms. RUBEN-
STEIN & CLARK. 32 Flood building.
$16.000— 2-STORY brick bun! ness block In the
most permanent city in San Joaquin Valley:
3 stores and 12 office rooms: monthlv Income
$185. RUBENSTEIN ft CLARK. 32 Flood big.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. by Call building,
sells hotels. lodging-horses. stores, etc.
Printed lists of farms and city property.
IN Mill Valley— House and lot for sale cheap
on account of departure. 526 Turk st. 8. F.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
FOR sale— SO acres; Tehama County; partly
fenced: good water. 31$ Brannan St., rear.
A SNAP— SO acres rmUn. $1600: near city; easy
payments. Box 2777. Call office.
SANTA BARBARA HOUSE <:
TO rent— In Santa Barbara, near car line to
beach, in best neighborhood, 11-room house,
furnished: electric lights: 2 baths; modern
plumbing; 2 dining-rooms; outside bedroom
for help; set washtubs: wheelroom; beauti-
ful garden; lawns; flowers: large shade trees;
large summer-house; children's arbor In the
boughs of large tree; aviary; fountain and
pool; greenhouse: rent for season. 6 months,
$450; hy month $100. Address EDWARD W.
MEADE. Santa Barbara.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTAT13.
FOR sale at a bargain— A cottage in best lo-
cation of the valley; beautiful surround Ings,:
no reasonable offer refused. Apply H. KAUF-
MANN. 31S Sacramento st.
REAL ESTATE .WANTED.
WANTED^— Nice building lot, $1200 to $1500.
Box 2724. Call office.
WANTED— Small home for $3000 or $4000 cash;
owners only. Box 2723, Call office.
IlKAI. KSTATE TO EAXH \.\UK.
EXCHANGE for San Francisco property: MU-
6lon preferred; neat 5-room cottage in Berke-
ley, bath, etc.: fruit and flowers; cost $2200:
BO agents. Address A. L. S., box 123, Lorlr. ;
Station. Berkeley. Cal.
NO. 1 oil stock and some cash for standard
make, typewriter. Box 2740. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
DO you "think of buying a home in Alameda?
If so, let us save you money.
Just at present we have genuine bargains to
offer at prices within the reach of all.
Why pay rent when y-ju can purchase a home
on your own terms?
Fine modern 5-room cottages for sale at $1100.
$120*. $1500 and $1SCO.
Elegant 6-room houses $16G0, $1S5O, $2250 and
$•£00.
Beautiful 7. 8 and 9 room houses $2350. $2500,
$2750 and $2300. i ~. • ' ;
Elegant lots sacrificed for cash. *
Call and see us at cuce. Confe early, get
your choice and we guarantee you a saving of
25 tier cent Tfrms easy.
ALAMKDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park -ct, Alameda, and room 323 Parrott
building, San Francisco.
Of3ce open Sundays and evenings.
$1000— CALL AND
$1100— See these cottages.
$1300— Near schools and stations.
$2000-2-story, 7 rooms lot 50x150.
$2G00— Modern cottage, 6 rooms, near Morton
and Bay stations. Furnished and un-
furnished houses for rent.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda.
FOR Sale — Cottage of S rooms; lot 50- foot front
by 1M feet deep: price $1850. Apply E. D.
JUDD A CO.. 1424 Park st.. Alameda.
RAROATNS for Investors.
Bargains for homeseekers.
Homes built on terms to suit.
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 Oats) of 10 roCms; lot 25x120; half block
from station.
Apply to G. R. DENKE, West Alameda
Real Estate Office, Webster at. and Cen-
tral ave.
ALMOST new cottage of 7 rooms, bath, large
lot, pretty lawn and garden; j ear three R.R.
stations and electric cars; only 40 minutes
from S. F. ; nearly new carpets, linoleum, gas
range, stove, some furniture for sale very
cheap: very easy terms. Call 1&S2 Verdi st.,
Alameda.
$ COTTAGES. 6 rooms and bath; lots 40x150;
$1SOO each: $300 cash. House,' 6 roomi; San
Antonio ave. ; lot 40x150: $3ftCO: $500 cash. Cot-
tage. S rooms; lot 30x70: $425: $*00 cash. J.
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park gt.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 4-room bay-window cottage; high base-
ment; electric wired; large panto", bath,
hall, etc.; all modern; sunny side street; lot
60x100; well, tank and windmill; chicken-
houEe and yard; price $1600; terme to suit.
OELLERICH & PERKINS, Lorln Station.
Berkeley; 3 blocks to R." R. depot; half a
block to electric cars.
NEW. 6 rooms, twi^story, basement, bath; all
modern: electric fixtures; tinted walls; street
work all done; right at R. R. station; this Is
a snap; must be sold at once; price only *$1700,
on your own terms; why pay rent when you
can buy a fine house like this and pay for
' came as rent? Take Berkeley train, get off
Lorin station. OELLERICH & PERKINS.
EXCHANGE — New cottages and bouses in East
Berkeley for unimproved lots In Berkeley, Lo-
rln or Oakland. ¦ .
Investments— New modern houses near uni-
versity; bonton neighborhood, paying 1 . per
cent monthly on price asked; only one-third
cash required.
Installments— New modern cottages, 3 4 and
I rooms; near trains; Bast Berkeley; $1200,
$1400 and $1600: payments. $16 and $1> and $22
monthly; no cash required.
Will build- to suit you and buy lot In any
location oa Installments.
H. B. PINNEY. with A. A. DUDLEY. H
Montgomery St.. S. F-, also Berkeley Station.
SEE the Wheeler Tract, adjoining university
grounds; finest view In Berkeley. W. C.
MORAN & CO., sole agents.
$2400— $150 CASH, balance $25 per month; C large
rooms; lot 60x135; only 2 blocks to trains; gas
fixtures; fine mantel; 8-foot baeement; cement
sidewalks ariB driveway; iron fence; shrub-
bery on lot worth $1000; this place sold for
. $3500: rents for $20; sunny elde of street, and
In finest neighborhood. W. C. MORAN • &
CO.. Lorln station and Schmidt block. Berke-
ley, Cal. ¦-! ¦
$1400— BIO snap; "-room house, bath, well,
windmill and tank; lot 40x100; on main Im-
proved street; only one block from station;
fine location; good property; very easy terms
can be urranged. H. D. IRWIN, Lorln Bta-
tlon. .
$1500 — NEARLY new. modern cottage. 4 roomn,
bath, high basement; cement walk; lot 60x135;
less than two blocks from two stations; a
bargain; easy terms. U. D. IRWIN, Lorin
Station. . .
$2000 — A FINE business corner; street work .all
done; a positive bargain.
$4500— A fine boardlng-bouse of IS rooms;
only 2 biocu from the university grounds.
$3000— 8-room house, large lot; only 2 blocks
from Dwight way station; street work all
done.
For the most complete list of choice prop-
erty call upon JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate.
adjoining P. P., Berkeley. ,
MODERN Queen Anne cottage; 6 rooms and
bath; large lot; grand view ;. part cash or
would trade for rooming-house in city; Rose-
brae. 23U Bpauldlng ave., near Bancroft
way, Berkeley, Cal.
FRU1TYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. : ?.-m
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal
JGT.C — Cottage of 3 rooms and basement; large
chicken house; lot 50x135; 1 block from Frult-
vale ave. ¦
$7C0 — House of 4 rooms, stable and chicken
houses; 10 bearing fruit trees; lot 50x110; all
fenced.' ¦:•:-"
$760— House of 4 rooms; good well and force
pump, barn, etc.; lot 75x100.
$800 — $100 cash, balance $10 monthly; cozy
cottage of 3 large rooms, attic and basement;
fine stable, chicken house; good well; lot 43x115.
$1000— For sale In East Oakland, modern c«t-
tage of 4 rooms and bath. h«ll. basement,
sanitary plumbing, etc.; 4 blocks from local
train; easy terms If desired.
$1100— House of 4 rooms, stable, incubator
house. 10 chicken houses, large brooder house,
7 brooders, incubator; lot 100x150; all fenced;
ea*«y terms.
- $1250— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
high basement; lot 36x115; fruit trees: located
In the best part of , Frultvale: only half block
from Frultvale ave. ; easy, terms If desired.
$1275— Choice bargain; new modern cottage of
4 large roomg; high baeement; good brick
foundation: bath; cloBets; pantry; chicken
house; fruit trees; lot 175x150; all fenced; fine
location; Just the. place for raising chickens.
$lf00— Cott,age of 5 rooms, basement and attic,
bath, etc.; Etable; chicken house; fine well,
windmill and tank; lot 50x125.
$1600— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement;
stable, chicken house; lot 107x260; easy terms
If desired. For particulars apply to H. A.'
PLEITNER, Frultvale^ Station, Cat.
SPECIAL notice— The Home Building Com-
pany has removed Its office to south side of
railroad track on Frultvale avenue.
$SCO— House of 4 rooms, all plastered: large
lot; good pump; your own terms.
$300— Lovely lots at ForestVPark; will build
house to suit.
$700— House of 3 rooms and high basement:
H corner lot; cement sidewalk; 2 blocks
from Frultvale ave.; terms, $9 80 per
month.
$£00 — House. S large rooms, 1 block from
, - Haywards car line; chicken houses; good
barn: well and city water; your own
terms.
$800 — l-ocre chicken ranch, near Frultvale
ave.: email cash payment down, balance
same as rent.
¦ $1800— Modern house. 7 rooms and bath; very
. large veranda; 4 blocks from station.
Houses of all kinds for rent. Money to loan.
Remetr.ber this address.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
South side of railroad track.
Fruitvale avenue.
W. B. RUDELL. Frultvale. Cal.
SAN RAFAEL REAL ESTATE!.
SAN RAFAEL — Elegant, new, modern residence
In San Rafael on Fitth avenue of 9 rooms,
bath, large grounds, with orange and other
fruits and flowers; stable for 3 horses. Visit
premises or address owner. P. TROY. 418
California 8t.. San Francisco; terms easy. .
OAKLAND TdVERTISEMEN^.
OFFICE— 1113 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$.'600 FOR property originally costing $5500; 64
feet frontage: house of 9 rooms and bath;
barn with coachman's room; private water
supply on premises; water fountain: shrub-
. bery, flowers, etc. ; In fact, an ideal home for
a little money; 10 minutes' walk from busi-
ness centers and local trains; terms $S00 cash,
balance bank mortgage; positively muBt be
sold: first come first served. J. S. M7ERS
& CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
THOSE 6 new homes which MYERS & CO.
have for pale are the finest and most up to
date of anything In the house line that has
ever been offered for sale; space- will not
pefrmit extolling their charming qualities;
locations are varied, ranging in price from
$1600 to $4500, from 5 to 9 rooms each; Just
completed and ready for Inspection; worth
the trip to Oakland to see them; no thought
or money has been spared to make these
houses the finest ever offered for sale; easy
terms can be arranged for payments; we
cordially Invite the public to see these prop-
erties whether you purchase or not: car-
riages always at the office for accommoda-
tion of our patrons free of charge. J. S.
MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$1100— ORIGINALLY cot>t $2000: cottage of 6
rooms and bath; high basement; 3 blocks from
school, cars, •stores, etc. ; $300 cash, balance
mortgage; a positive bargain and must be
sold; call early.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
10C2 BroSdway. Oakland.
$2250— ONLY $300 cash; brand-new latest design
cottage; open plumbing; latest In everything;
near local station, schools, cars and business
centers; cost {3100 to duplicate; seeing is be-
lieving; call early.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3P50 FOR a $2300 property In East Berkeley: «'
blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything; sunny and a beautiful
neighborhood; we are instructed to sell with-
out reserve; $400 cash.
J. S. MYER3 & CO..
1005 Broadway. Oakland. '
$30,OCO— A FINE business block, paying splen-
did revenue, at a bargain.
A foreclosure sacrifice— 7-room cottage near
22d and Telegraph: extra choice lot 60x168;.
reduced to $2500; make offer.
JSCOO— Elegant central 12-room home: beauti-
ful grounds: sold once $18,000; offer wanted.
$4K0— Cost $6000; modern corner flats: will
rent $40 month.
$2500 — Store and upper flat; rents $25 month;
very central location.
An offer wanted, cash or trade, for equity
in new 8-room house: 6 minutes' walk Broad-
way and 14th; price $3S50: lncuthbrance $2750.
$1000 — Residence lot 50x140; worth $1500.
$3500— Business lot; 50 feet; mortgage $2000;
make offer. •
$2750— Lakeside residence: lot 50x150; snap.
$600 for a home lot: Clinton station.
LAYMANCE REAL KSTATE CO.. -
4 no and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
A GENTLEMAN'S country seat: price $20,000;
12 acres choicest Income .orchard; artistic
grounds; rare shrubberies: finest soli in the
county; modern city ftyle residence, 12 rooms;
very convenient to Oakland and San Fran-
cisco; Chicago millionaire once offered *22.0CO.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460-462
Eighth St.. Oakland:
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
S03 Broadway, Oakland.
6 lots, 25x140 each, on the NE. corner East
15th st. and 18th ave.: street work all done; only
$300 each: must be Bold as a whole and at once;
owner going away; less than half their value.
$500— Fine lot on 15th st.. between Wood and
Willow; 47:6x110; street work done; big bar-
gain. ' .i./.':
$3000— Just building; new modern, two-story
house. 6 large rooms: reception hall, bath, ce-
mented basement and. every modern improve-
ment; lot 35x100: on the NE. cor 33th and Mar-
ket sts., near San Pablo car line.
$1S5O— Will give you a new modern cottage of
4 rooms, bath, hlch basement: all modern Im-
provements; built to order and lot 40x100; in fine
location; send for particulars.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
/ - 903 Broadway, Oakland.
$S00 — COTTAGE, 4 rooms, high basement; all
In fine condition; near San Pablo ave.
$1300— House, 7 rooms; sunny stde; close to
Center station; nice location; above railroad;
sacrificed to settle partnership affairs; dis-
count for spot cash.
$2500— Brand-new home of. 7 rooms; never oc-
cupied; complete In detail; enamel tub, etc;
Runny side; near cars: among fine homes;
monthly payments If desired. Don't fall to see
Uils.
$50 to $100 down, $15 per month, will buy a
central home. We'll build you one if we
can't suit you. O. W. AUSTIN A CO..
, % 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS.
Hotels for sole.
Lodging-houses.
¦Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
GO good farms for sale; come for exchange.
Business property paying 6 per cent net on
investment. . .\
Colony property from 300 to 100,000 acres.
80-page catalogue of California hrnnes.
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains. 952 Broad-
way, Oakland.
$250 CASH, • $7 monthly; 4-room cottage; good
well of water, small barn, chicken shed and
run; 3 fine lots, 76x100; picket fenced; excel-
lent 60il; charming view; best climate: near
two electric car lines; 90-foot boulevard and
model schoolhouse: away from cold winds and .
fcg; 90 families have located here within S
years; price, all told, $850. Call or, send for
circular. 455 Seventh St., Broadway Station,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
$1EOO— 2 COTTAGES. 4 rooms each; near Center
station; rents $18: good Investment: both for
$1500. -ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$7r-00— ELEGANT residence. ajid grounds 75x150;
palm trees, flowers, etc.*. best loca-
¦ tion of city; cost over $12,000. . ALDBN CO.,
1118 Broadway. Oakland. . -- .
llHiQ TO loan on furniture, pianos; low Inter-
est. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
SfiOOO— A MAGNIFICENT i home on; Telegraph'
ave.; 8 rooms and bath; modern; lot •30x123.
A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St., ; Oakland. Cal.
%U, 000— FINE Investment for the future; bust-
ress block: always .. rented : . stone's -throw
from narrow-gauge depot: for sale by the
owner. Box ' 2212, Call • office. , Oakland. .
WANTED— A neat 5-room cottage; i bath and
gas; price $1200 cash; no agents. Box 2213,
Call office. Oakland. ¦ ';'¦•¦,':, -:j- : ~, ¦_.
ELEGANT corner lot. 135x100; $6500,. with lm-
provements ; modern house ; large barn; i beau-
tiful flower garden; San Pablo-ave. cars pass
door; cor. 84 th st. See owner on premises.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS:;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J223— LOT lri Lorln; 300 feet from station on
Berkeley local, giving a half-hour • service to
San Francisco, same time to city as from 7th
¦ and , Broadway. Oakland ; this lot ¦ mufct be
sold.} A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$6 50 — COTTAGE on Telegraph ave.
- $10; cozy flat: In good condition.
$12; 8 rooms pear San Pablo.
$16; Eactlake cottage of 5 rooms.
$16; large cottage and fine barn.
'J18: colonial cottage, near S. F. trains. .
$20; nine rooms; comfortable home and good
room-renting- locality;' will repair to suit
tenant. / , ' •
$35; modern home; central; fine location;
In perfect condition.
GEO. W. AUSTIN i & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
STORES TO LET.
$10— OAKLAND corner store, with 3 living
rooms ; . large yard and city water. R. J.
MONTGOMERY, r. 3, 4th floor Mills bldg.,
S. F.. or A. J. Snyder. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
$9— OAKLAND cottages, 4 rooms, bath, base-
ment, large lot, city water. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, r. 3. 4th floor. Mills bldg.. S. 'F.,
or A. J. SNYDER. 467 < Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
$30— FINE home of 8 rooms In Piedmont: also
several, completely furnished homes of vary-
ing sizes. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND KUltMTUKH FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels, to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2, No. 917 Market Bt., opp. Mason.
A— OTHER business compels roe to sacrifice 2
elegtuitly located, handsomely • f urn. houses;
piano and mirror; folding beds: no agts.; price
way down ;part cash. Dr. Averin.33 McAlUstr.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102. off Polk— Three nice house-
keeping rooms for rent-.
BARTLETT.369 (Mission warm belt)— bed room,
kitchen & bath; turn, hkpg.; email garden.
ELLIS. 114— Sunny furnished rooms, single or
double; light housekeeping; rent .reasonable.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkln— Large sunny bay-win-
dow and kitchen; nice front folding bed; $11.
FIFTH. 853— Two furnished housekeeping, with
store; also one, $7; two single, $5 month.
FIFTEENTH 2136. north of Market-3 or 4
convenient housekeeping rooms; furnished or
unfurnished.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny housekeeping room; stove. ,
closet, bath; private; $1 60 week.
FRONT sunny bay-window rooms, complete
for housekeeping. Apply 34 Eleventh st.
FULTON. 671—3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $13. - .-¦¦
GOLDEN GATE a ve. . J22^-Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms; g-as range; running water.
GROVE, 4I5H. near Octavla— Nice furnished
front room; sunny; yard; private; $3 60.
GUERRERO. 305— Furnished bedroom and par-
lor ;^piaiiojkItcl«nj^orclu$16^oMflat_|__
HOWARD, E13— $8; sunny furnished housekeep-
ing room; also 10c, If,-*, 25c rooms.
HOWARD, 917—2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room, $10; housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1703— Nicely furnished bay-window
room with kitchen for housekeeping.
3 TO 5 elegantly and completely furnished
housekeeping rooms,' use of piano: phone;
garden; nice rurroundlngsr reasonable. 123
Liberty St.. Guerrero-st. care.
IVY ave.. 217, near Hayes and Franklin— Pleas-
ant two- window furnished front room; pri-
vate; $4 50.
JACKSON, 1B13— Two or thre* nicely furnished
rooms; housekeeping; all conveniences; clean
and in private family; reasonable.
JESSIE, 433— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single.
McALLISTER, 412. flat 6— Three sunny unfur-
'nished rooms; reasonable. . ' ¦
McALLISTER. 937— Upper floor 3 unfurnished
sunny bay-window rooms; grate; front; $12 75.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, suitable for family with children; $1 60
per week. ' i
MISSION, 1738— Sunny front suite completely
furnished housekeeping; coal range; bath;
modern: $12. --
MISSION. 1729<4. near 13th— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry. $8.
MISSION. J?21 — Front room and kitchen; run-
ning water; S3 up; large rooms, $2.
NINTH. 113 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water and bath. ,
MOSS. 30. off Howard, near Seventh— Three
sunny housekeeping rooms.
'OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary — Sunny front;
folding bed; large front with kitchen; $8 up.
PAGE. 1322—3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng.
POINT LOBOS ave., 1833. corner Eighth ave. —
8 or 4 furnished housekeeping rooms.
POLK, 717— Two or three furnished front
rooms for light housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 607— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 190— Two large rooms; nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 402— Entire upper floor: 3 sunny
furnished rooms; gas stove: no children.
TEHAMA. 707— Three connecting furnished
hni--'pki>gp*ng rooms: a'no single.. _^^^
ROOMS TO. LET — Knrn. nml I'nfnrn.
ARGYLE, The (Just openedK McAllister St..
corner . Larkln— Elegant and tastefully fur-
nished suites, with* or without baths; also
single rooms; steam heated; liveried service;
reading-room; electric elevator all night;
these rooms have to be seen to be appre-
ciated; references; rooms shown in evening.
ROOMS ¦ TO LET.
A— For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
rlEhed, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny St.. tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms: modern conveniences;
rooms 50e up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
26c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night \
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlRhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
EDDY, 72'— Pleasant, room, suitable for two
people, with washroom;, hot and cold water;
with board. ¦ : -, -• '•' •/ ¦ .- ¦
EDDY. 872— Elegantly furnished rooms; new
flat; $12; also suite; board If desired..*
ELLIS, 18— Nicely furnished' sunny suites; also
Bin-rle rooms: by the day, week or month;
bath and phone. ' .
ELLIS. ¦ 1014— Newly furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable.^ ___^^
ELLIS, 706. near Larkln— Large sunny front
rooms, gas, bath, phone, $9 a month. : -
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE, 609%— Nicely furnished, room; 1 rent
reasonable. ¦
HAYES, 481— Sunny furnlnHW room to let.
HICKORY ave.,\ 215-Nlcely, furnished front
• room. ••¦-;.'...¦¦¦ .'.
HOWARD. 859— Sunny single room. $5 month.
HOWARD, 650-81nBle. nice furnished, sunny
front room ; also large nice furnished room
. for two; rent reasonable. __^^_^
MARKET, 1043A (The - Robinson)— Furnished
suites or single; reasonable. Tel. Howard 108.
MARKET, 1055. opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
• rooms, single or double: bath. - ..
MCALLISTER, 38—2 front bay-window . trunnjr
parlors; gas, bath; rent only $12 and $14. ...,-
¦ MCALLISTER. 38— One : $4 per month; good.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room, $1 per week ; transient.
MOSS, 24*4. near Howard— A unfurnished rooms;
j- good . yard . and water: i rent : $9. .
NEW- ARLINGTON; , 1015 Market St.— Nicely
. furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
• C FAHRELL. 805— Comfortably furnished room,
' _ suitable i for person ? employed ; during : day. ,- :
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished ~ rooms ' and
: offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
, PINE. 1300. : cor. Hyde— Large sunny room:
. . running water: one or« two; ; $10. * ¦ ¦; ."-" »
¦ POLK, 301 — Elegant," large, sunny parlor suite;
bath ; and privileges; •-¦ gentlemen » or family;
i responsible people ; only; • other ., rooms and
: suites.
ROO91S TO LET— Fnra. and Cnfnrm.
FOLK, 355— Desirable sunny . parlors; single or
en Suite. ¦ ¦" '
POLK. XSll, near Pacific— 3 unfurnished sunny
- rooms. , •" ; r
POST, 943— Nicely furnished bay-window alcove
room: running water: suitable for light hkpg. j
ROYAL House. 138 Ellis— Incandescent light:
- readlng'-room, - «moklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. *I to
$8; month,. J3 to 130; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis et.— Rooms.
night. 2So to jl; week. %1 25 to »4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.. nr.
Market— Furnished or unfurnished. •
SHOTWELi.. 121— Furnished front room, $3 50
month."-/. ¦
SUTTER, 42&— Single front room; sun all day;
rent tS. . ...¦:¦ ¦-'
THK BERLIN, "J3S Kearny— Elegant ' suites;
single rooms; pinning water; transient
THIRD, 362— Large front room; suit a couple;
; $6 month. .
TURK, 432— Sunny suit of rooms or single In
private family. ¦ ¦
TWELFTH. Ill— Well-furnished and . sunny
room In private family; use of bath. ¦ .
WELSH, «, off Zoe, bet Third and Fourth—
4 sunny rooms.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
IF you are looking- for a board Ins place, and
like French cooklnr?. try 642 Geary st. You
will thoroughly enjoy yourself, meet good
people, and get the ! beat meals In the cli/
at moderate prices. ' Desirable rooms for a
limited number.- Come and try a dinner at
6 p. m. and you will go away happy.
AT the old Stevenson ; mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California St., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms: first-class
¦ board ; use parlor, pla.no. phone. 850 Van Ness.
ROOMS AM) BOARD WAXTEU.
ROOM and- board wanted by Kentleman; no
other boarders. Box 2813, Call. .
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Large sunny room for gentleman
and wife; board for one; in a refined family;
any desirable location. Address box 2764. Call.
WANTED— By quiet couple, 2 or 8 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping, with running water
and gas; north of Market, east of Gough;
state price. Box 2824. Call' office. -
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c starflps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladal.. Pa.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. Jl per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
, piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 997 Market St.— La.
dte« during confinement w. 10 days' care. $20.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel. 6580.
CHOICE rubber lands in Moxtco. For descrip-
tlon. price and terms address box 2S03. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SPPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-'
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needle* anit
shuttles: r*dur»>ri rates. 14S fith: phone Mints.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTERS.
CHOW cards, window tickets, poster*. DE8-
* MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folxom 1563.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
HERCE-RODOLPH^st^ge" and Movlng^Co^
office, Post and Powell sts.': tel. Main 6713.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Maving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jaclson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
tlnn *t.: tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— Wa
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals. $3. Th* Typewriter
Exchange. 638 California: telephone Main 266.
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: s ''
¦Walter G. Drusedorn. 24. 1811 Mason street,
and Henrietta Gain. 21. 732 Filbert street.
Robert C. Woodside, 40. 356 Eleventh street,
and Mattle Lavlllan. 21. 356 Eleventh street
Pierre Jaymot. 28. 617 Post street, and EUse
M. Coun-eges. IS, 406 Sixth street.
Thomas J. Fay, 22, 610 Slrotwell street, and
Mae A. Carr , 18, 64S Second street.
August 11. Johnson. 29, 1906 Central avenue,
and Olive Riffll, 17, 3245 Sacramento street.
William H. Fotce. 22." 22 Chenery street, and
Martha O. Ast, 23. 419B Natoma street.
Matthew T. Lestrange, 38, 20 Mary street,
and Mary Gibbons, 19, Florida street, near
Twenty-flrst.
William J. Malough, 33. South San Fran-
cisco, and Emelia MalouKh. 24, city.
Bartholomew M. Burtchaell, 24, San Rafael,
and Alice Field. 20, city.
Daniel I. Maddox. 35. Santa Clara, and Mary
E. McDonald. 30. Snn Jose.
Peter E. "Duper. S2, 232 Minna street, and
Fannie V. Martan, 18, Stony-Point.
Angelo Devlncenzl. 24, 425 Broadway, and
Netlna Deluchl, 18, 7 Lafayette place.
Frank E. Oilman. 24, 3271 Twenty-flrst street,
and Jessie C. Gregory. 20. 3271 Twenty-flrst st.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
BARTON— In this city, March Jl. 1901. to the
wife of E. J. Barton, a daughter.
CAHILL— In this city. March 23. 1901. to the
wife cf John C+ Cahlll. a son. •
CASSERLY— In Ocean View. March 22, 1901, to
the wife of Eugene H. Casserly, a son.
CONNOLLY— In Norfolk. Nebr., March 23,
1901. to the wife of Washington A. Connolly,
a son. .
KAUFMANN— In this city. March 28, 1901. to
the wife of Friedrlch C. Kaufmann. a daugh-
ter.
KENNY— In this city. February 27, 1901. to the
¦ wife of Harry Kenny, a son.
McGURREN— In this city. March 25, 1901, to
the wife of Harry F. McGurren, a daughter.
McNULTY— In Ocean View. March 2T, 1901, to
the wife of Harry McNulty. a son.
MEYER— In this city, March • 28. 1301. to the
wife . of David Meyer, a sen.
MIBACH-Ih this city. March 24. 1901. to the
wife of Henry J. Mlbach, a daughter.
STEERS— In this city, March 18, 1901. to the
wife of II. H. Steera. a son.
WOOD— In this city, March 14. 1901, to the
wife of Frederick Wood, a son. -
.1WA-R-H.TKTV
DUPER— MORTON— In this city, March* 30,
1901, by the, Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Peter E. Duper of San Francisco and Fannie
Viola Morton of Stony Point. Sonoma County.
NELSON— JENSEN— In this city. March' 28.
1901, . by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Peter Nel-
son and Hannah E. Jensen.
DIED.
Amlck. Fred <¦ Partello. Walter S.
Callaghan. Jane Pfaeffte. Ernest
Cole, Leander O. Poxleitner, Margaret
¦¦-•¦ Culllnan. Vincent Prince. Frances
De Perez. Maria A. Ralston. Ga<Hn
Fopplano. James ¦ Rolando, John
Helke, .Charles Schirck, Alice
Hlnkley, Oliver Smith, George N. J.
Illlng, -Frits.-; ¦ Stewart. George E.
Kelly. Matthew B.\ Tempel. John G. V.
¦ Koch (Cook). Chas. Templeton. -Horatio
Kolb, Georg Ward. James W. Jr.
1 Lewis, ; George > D. . •• Woodaiff. * Virginia ' ,
McElroy, Josephine , Yoakum.\Vlola M.
Mahoney. Marv A._ •
AMICK— In this city, March 29. 1901. Fred,
eldest and beloved son of William and Vir-
ginia R. Amlck, a native of Iowa, aged 28
years S months and 20 days. <£#wts_BMI
CTT'Fiiendx.and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), 'at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 421 Hyde street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. ¦ .\ .;. ? - :
CALLAGHAN— In this city. March \ MA ltMU,
Jane, widow of D. Callaghan. dearly beloved
- sister of Cornelius Daly, and loving aunt of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. .
' iEuccesaor to Flannas-an A Gallagher.) :
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER4.
: 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. ¦
:• . '. t Telephone Eouth 10. ' .
JAMES McG'NN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened I
*: new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet. I
| , Taylor . and Jonea. : Telephone South 676. . I
; I UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
: - n and ¦ ZS Fifth r st. * , T«Tu "<. South * 1O. -
I ¦ ICHERAIi DIRECTORS AHO , XMBALMXB3.
\ • ' Finest Equipment at Moderate* Rates.N'EVT TOmC March M.-Ther* was a fever
l«h tone la the ctock market throughout to
<!sy'* two hourr' session and violent m-rlpu
lation was in evtteaoo from time to time to
check a reactionary, tendency. Heavy realizing
was manifest in the opening dealings, es
pecially in Burlington. Northern Pacific and
TTnited Bute* Steel stocks. These stocks main
tained their recent prominence in the trading
eo that tfceir downward course had a corre
spondingly large effect on the general market.
Burlington was bid up suddenly to V,i over last
night, about midway cf the session, touching
a record price at 176>4. but it quickly fell back
under the flood of realizing offerings and closed
with enly a fractional net gain. There was a
floled ri« At the' same time In the local
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
*«-ather with showers Sunday; fresh southwest
winds.
N«-vada-Fair In northern portion; cloudy in
tout hern portion: fresh northerly winds
I. tan— Fair Sunday; fresh north winds.
Arizona.— Enow in northern portion; showers
Jn southern portion Sunday; brisk north wind
ri««/L F [ anc! f c ' 0 a , n<1 vlclnlty-Kalr Sunday;
2212 1n . *^ afternoon; light northerly,
changing to briek wentrrlv m-lnd»
ALEXAXDEH O. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Northern California— Fair Sunday in north
ern and central portion: cloudy and probably
fhowers in southern ixjrtlon ;• fresh northerly
m-inds. .
Weather Report.
(123th Meriaian-Pacifle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 3d-* p, m.
The foUowlng are the seasonal rainfalls to
«"at« as compared with those of the same dale
laist aeasoa and rainfall in last twenty-four
fiours:
Ean rranclsco data: Maximum temperature
C?; minimum, 44; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND - GENERAL
FORECAST.
The preerure has fallen slowly along the
coast of Calif ortiia Fouih of San Francisco
It has risen over Washington. Oregon and
Utah. A disturbance is developing over
Southern California an.1 may possibly extenJ
northward, crossing the Tehachapi
The temperature has risen slightly along the
coast but the weather continues cold over
the Sierras and in Nevada.
Rain has UUcn from Los Angeles south
ward, and a thun<l#»rstr>rm Is reported at Ban
Diego, with the rainfall of nearly a quarter
of an inch. Bnow is falling Jn Northern Arl
rona. with temperature ty>!ow freezing
Forecast made at Ran Francisco for thirty
hour*, ending midnight. March 31. 1M1:
Business was light on the Bond Sxehange, as
usual on Saturday, with an advance In Eprinv
Valley Water at $32 75 and a decline In Oceanic
to $5S 50.
The oil stocks .were quiet, - with no changes
worthy of note. . .
The last monthly report of the Alaska Tread
well Mining Company shows 2S.540 tons ore
crushed by 240 stamps In t7H days, valued at
$38,370, and C10 tons Sulphurets saved of i
value of 122,720. - The gross yield for the mon h
wan $65,090, the ore yielding $2.60 per ton. Esti
mated expenses for the month were $38,02$.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Rxch&nge last
week were 93,14] shares, valued at $72,933, the
leading sales being as follows: California-
Standard, 27,800 shares; Caribou, 2050; Sterling
4720; Oil City, 1L100; Petroleum Center. l«.2of :
Lion, 3000; Independence, 4550; Monarch. 2900-
Four, 1S50; Reed. 8400.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHAAtrK.
} SATURDAY. March M.— 13 m.
TJNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s coupon ....UfHUSH 4s coup (r.»w).i3st4*ia>
i$ -'. registered. .li3UH* 3s quar couo..lll*iltiU
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5a. 103^4 — Oceanic SS Ss.104 104*1
Ca!-st Cab 5s.ll«',i — Om C R 6s... 128H —
C C Water 5s. 100 — Pac O Imn 4s. — ioow
B'L. & P 6s.:i28Vil33<4 Pk & Cl R 6s 1>C —
F & Cl Ry 6S..1U — Pk & O It fis.117 — -
Geary-st R 6s. — — Powell-st R 6a. 120 '— ¦
Haw C BH3..109 - SEG&R5a. 95 _
H»w:C;55.....1M«- S F & SJV fc..]2U4 -
L A R 'It 5s.. 113 — ' S R of Cal <s no —
L'AL,C0 8s.. — — S P R of A 6s
Do gntd 68.. — 104 (1909) ...113 _
Do gntd S..100 — Do (1910).:...lU —
LA PR R os.l^W-. B PC «s (1906.
Markt-st C 6S.126H — Series A)TT. - uoti
I Do 1st c 5S.131H — Do(Serlea;B>111Ulll^
N C N G R 7s — U3*.4 Do (1906) .". — mi!
N, R of Cal 68.113 Do (1912) ' 13»«t —
N R of Cal 5s 120% - ' 8 P C 1st g'BslOCH -
NPCRR«s.lO«J- S P Br R 6s.l33t| -
N P C R R 5s.l03ii — 8 V Water 6s 114 —
NCR ts.::...lil — S V Water 4s.l03% —
O ; O L A H 63.110% — . Do «d mtg. .102% —
Oak Tr Co 6s.ll6V4U7 Stkn G & B to. 100 -
Oak W Co 8S.10O — •
WATER STOCKS.
S3£&£&!R -;l Sprt ° g Vaney - ¦« .»
GAS ANP ELECTRIC - STOCKS.
Cent LAP..'— 4 Pao Lt'CO....— 43
Elqult Gas .... t% 3% Sac E R A R.— 40
Mut • EHeo Lt. — 8»i 3 F G &-B.. 44H 44»i
O G L & H... 60% - Ban Francisco. 4^ 4^
Pac Gas Imp. — 44 Stktn O & E. — • 14
. ' ¦ INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 235 — . \ .
BANK ! STOCKS.
Anglo-CsJ, .... 70 77^4 I^on P & A. ...148 —
Bank of-Cal..403 — . Mer Ex (Uq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.lOSH— 8 F National. — 125
lst J* or SjF.- — .stzsi ...
SAVINGS BANKS. „
German ......1S30 1900 Sav & Loan.'.; — •* — •
Humboldt ..v.. — — • Security '.:.. ..275* —«
Mutual,..:..... 50 — Union Trust... — " — \t
B B* Sa.v. U....615 - — ; ¦•
. STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Californla.9t .. — 140 O S L & H...; 40 —
Geary-st ...... 47H — rresldlo .......— 30 *
Jlartwfc.t^.-W. 70%. -
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- . • May. July.
Opening « 1H « 1H
Closing « 1H • « 1V4
• PARIS.
Wheat— March. May- Aug.
Opening ••• 18 60 19 85
Closing 18 65 19 40
Flour— ¦
Opening •"S15 Jfff
Closing .....23 85 24 65
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March 30.— CATTLE — Receipts,
100. Nominally steady; good to prime steers,
$5@S OS; • poor to medium, $3 80<g l 4 06; stockers
and feeders, J3 75©4 25; cows, $3 70® 4 40; heif
ers, \i 75-54 60; canners, $2@2 65; bulls, $2 6*9
4 60; calves, $4 75@6; Texas fed steers, $4®5;
grassers, $3 40@4; bulls. $2 75@8 76.
! HOGS— Receipts to-day. 12,000; Monday, 32,
000 estimated: left over, 1000. Market 2H<ffoo
higher, closing easier. Mixed and butchers,'
h 90^6 10; good to choice heavy, $6 05©6 15;
rough heavy, $5 90@6; light, $5 S5@6 05; bulk of
sales, $5 3O5 6 05. -
SHEJEP — Receiptn, 1000. Strong, steady; good
to choice wethers, ?4 80@5 15: fair to choice
mixed, $4 60@4 90;- Western sheep, $4 7003 15;
Texas sheep, $4 SO® 5 15: native . lambs, $1 KG®
5 45; Western lambs, »5 10@5 45.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 30. — As far as specula
tive dealings were concerned ¦ the local market
was a small one, which, however, Is the usual
thing on Saturday, owing to the absence of
information from London, that ¦ market being
closed. There were no price changes and trad-
Ing was limited to meeting week end require
ments. : Plglrpn warrants were quoted at $9 60
ft\0 50; Northern foundry, $15 25618 to. : Lead
dull and unchanged. Spelter dull at $3 85®
S 90 ' Copper unchanged at J17. for lake and
J16 62% for- casting. Tin was easy at $28 15@
2« 30. ¦¦-- ' • ¦
New York Cotton Market.
NEW , . YORK, . March 10. — Cotton cJosed
steady, S points \ higher to 1 points lower.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, ; March 80.— Consols, 95 »-l«: , lUrer,
27 6-16d: French rentes,' 101f-17Hc: wheat car- '
goes on passage, ; rather ; firmer: -Walla" , Walla.*
28».-'10Hd. '¦-•¦¦ -. ;-" ¦ ':. •¦ ¦ " ' ¦:
: LIVERPOOL, • March 80.— Wheat, firm; , No.
1 standard California, 6s"3%d@«6 4d: wheat in
: Paris, quiet: -flour in Paris, quiet; weather In
England, heavy rain.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d. .
&i&$&iy -."•:. - ; -. cLpsiNa. ;:,
WHEAT— Spot, firm'; No. 3 red Western win
ter, 8a Vid: No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 8%d: No.
1 -• California, ' 6s i- *V4<5. i - Futures, quiet; May.
6s imd ; . July. 6s : llHd.V , . " • ¦ . . '. .
? : CORN— Spot,, firm; American mixed new, 4s;
da old.- 4s llVid." Futures, quiet; May.* Ss llUd:
July." 3d 10%d: September. ¦¦ 8a UVid.
- HOPS— At London (Paciflo Coast), steady,
£4®£4-15s.- - " m : ¦: ¦ ¦,. - _ ' -
Portland's Business.'
PORTLAND. March 30.— Clearings, $230,767;
talanoes,- 145,405.
Northern Wheat Market. '¦•
.¦:¦ , ' : :"objeoon!>, ¦;:-
PORTXlAND. March 30.— Wheat Walla Walla.
Artlclee— .' Receipts. Shipments.'
Flour, barrels 33.000 33.000
"Wheat bushels 140.000 53.000
Com. bushels 217,000 113,000
Oots, bushels 274.000 250,000
Rye, bushels 4,000 8,000
Barley, bushels 22.000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
irarket was dull; creamery. 1d@21c; dairy, 11@
ISc. 'Cheese, fairly active, 11©11%c. Eggs,
fairly active; fresh. 12\4®12Hc
Cash ' quotations \ were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 8503 95: straights,
$3 20® 3 70: clears. $2 90@3 40: . spring specials.
it 30; patents. S3 SO@3,S0; straights. . {3Q3 30;
bakers 1 , $2 20«t2 50; No. 3 spring wheat, 72%c;
No. 2 red, ¦75 I /ifi77c: No. 2 corn, 44c; .No, 2 yel
low. 44c; No. 2 white. 29®29%c; No. 3 white.
26\liB29c; Not 2 rye. 63@64c : good feeding bar
lfy 47c- fair to choice malting. 43©68e; No. 1
fifxseed, |1 55; No. 1 Northwestern, Jl 56: prime
timothy peed. S.4; mess pork, per barrel, $15 35@
l.'i 40; lard, per 100 pounds, $8 30<3« 35; ehort
rib sides (loose). $S®8 20; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). $6 75@6 87'.^; short cleax sides (boxed),
IS 15©S 30; whisky, basis of high wines.* $1 27;
clover, contract grade, $11.
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. m% 81^?Vlgorlt ........ — *T4
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan... 7>j 8 I Kilauea 21% —
Haw Com 6Ti» «$H Makawell 40 <0»4
Honokaa 32 CVjOnomea 28*1 29
Hutch S P.... 21% Ewaauhau »3 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. .123 — Oceanic S3 Co (0 S3
Cal Fruit Can S7HW0 Pac A F A..;. 3 —
Cal Wlna Asn-lOO — Pao C Bor Co.153 —
Mer Ex Assn.103 — Par Palat Co. 18 —
Morning: Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association 123 SO
SO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... CS 04
430 Honokaa Sugar Co 3? CO
20 llutcbinaon S P Co 23 CO
10 Kilauea Supar Plantation Co 21 00
10 KHauoa Sugar Plant" tn Co, cash.. 21 25
1280 Makaweli Sugar Co 40 0©
JioOO Oakland Water 5s 10)25
S Oceanic Steamship Co S3 W
33 Paauhau S P Co M M
160 8 F Gas & Electric Co #.. 44 SO
5 Spring Valley Water »2 75
Street—
295 Honokaa Sugar Co.. .................. S3 N ,
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE. j 5
SJorninc Session.
Board— >
ISO*) California-Standard 43
2100 California-Standard 43
10*30 California-Standard 44
><W Caribou 70
lWKlOro W
200 Four 53
COO Independence - 17
100 Junction — $>
1(X) Kern T *3\b
10O Monarch of Arizona - 5*
400 Reed Crud» - SS
50 Sterling 8 0S
1700 Sterlln* 8 *> •
J00 Wolverine . 113 .
BAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morales Session.
Board—
300 Caribou - «
250 Home Oil ~. 8 10
20*) Junction «0
1000 Lion, b «0 ~.. it
200 Monte Criato —... I K>
2000 Petroleum Center 17 ,
100 Sterling « 110
MINING 3TOCK3.
The following were the sales tn tis Ban
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morningr Session.
SOO Best & Belcher £3- COO Ophlr .. ...— 71
100 Bullion 03, BOO Ophlr - 74
200 Chollar 13 400 Overman ....... Is
950 Con Cal A Va..s 10 100 Savage. 13
300 Crown Point... 13 100 Sierra Nevada. 8a
100 Gould & Carry 17 100 Silver Hill ..... 41
400 Mexican 33 1C0 Silver Hill ;..„ 43
330 Ophlr, 73 400 Union Con, ..... 21
The following 1 were the sales In the Pax!2a
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Belcher C8> 400 Mexican ........ 34
600 Best A Belcher 22 1 &00 Mexican .....— S3
200 Best A Belcher 23 SCO Ophlr 74
40OBest & Belcher 21 400 Ophlr 78
300 Chollar 15 400 Ophir 74
10O Con Cal A Va..2 30 1000 Overman li
SCO Con Cal A Va..! 23 600 Sierra Nevada. $4
100 Con Cal A Va..2 20 300 Silver Hill 40
100 Con Cal A V.t 17*4 400 Union Con W
350 Con Cal & Va..2 131 MOO Union Con tt
650 Con Cal A V.? I2*»f 200 Yellow Jacket.. 1»
1150 Con Cal A Va..* 10|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March 30—13 ra.
Bid-Ask. I Bld-Ask.
Alpha 66 M Justice 63 C4
Alta 04 07 Kentuck 01 62
Andes 07 03 Lady Wash .... 01 03
Belcher 09 11 Mexican 83 33
Best A Belcher 21 22. Occidental ..... OS 07
Bullion 01 02(Ophlr 70 73
Caledonia 78 78, Overman 15 17
Challenge Con. 1* 13jPotoel .......... 15 IS
Chollar 14 15 Savage 13 13
Confidence ..... 70 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal A Va..2 05 2 10;Seg Belcher ... 01 03
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 31 13
Con New York. — ui Silver Hill 40 43
Crown Point... 12 13 St Louis OS
Eureka Con M — Standard 4 0O 4 IS
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate — ft
Gould & Curry 15 16 Union Con IS 19
Hale & Norc... 13 II Utah W «7
Julia Cl e» Yellow Jacket.. IS 30
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACB HOTEL.
Miss Wadswortb. Wash
E J Mathews, N T
C J Sutton. Los An*
T R Harmon & w. NT
W H Mathews. N Y
J A Tarbox. Bath
Mr» H C Tarbox, Bath
Miss L Tarbox, Bath
Miss M Tarbox. Bath
J B. HUls, Hartrord.
Miss C B kills, Hartfd
Miss G Kills. Hartrord
Miss G R Hills, Hartfd
J de Land, St Louis
Mrs T H Sehoenberger,
New York
•W G HeeJoo. USA
r> B Chandler, N T
I A Baurn & w, X T
J Mlchaelse & w. N T
Miss G Michaels. N Y
C Goldsmith & w. Ga
T J Kirk, Sacto
J D Farrell & w. Seattl
Miss L W Taylor. N T
Mrs W T> Thompson,
Michigan
Mrs H 8 GriKKS. Mich
G S Lapsley & w, Cal
A M Lovelace, Los An
C Harvey, London
Major J Wheeler & w,
U S A
Major J A Penn. U 3A
H Levy, New Jersey
6 O Ferguson. Pasad*^
O H Parks & w, N Y
0 A Miller, Vlsalta
J W Belches A w. NT
Miss Belches, N Y
H Whltmore, Boston
F J Sklllen. Boston
1 P 'Mathews. Phila
T Lynch A. w. Pa
G H Hoyt & w, Cinn
Miss B Hoyt. Cinn
G W Slefert. Ban Jose
J Kemphouse. Mich
R K Crowell, Stanford
Mrs W 8 Taylor. Cal
Miss M Taylor, Stanfd
H A Klmball & rr. Rl
Mrs ¦ H G Lytua. Mo
Miss I-ytus, Mo
A B Meacham, Mo
J F Moore. N Y
A 8 Chaffee, Chicago
S J Woolner. Chieajro
GRAND
J C Sloss, Helena i
A Kenny. Colorado I
J P Davenport. L Angi
W P Dickson. Tacoma )
E Dwyer. Sacto !
J J Sampson. Salinas
J Turner, Fresno
S H Groser, N T
Mrs A K Elliott. Cal
Mrs C W Blanchard,
Rumford
Miss L E Abbott, Cat
Mrs J H Ehurflebarger,
Cal
J H McNulty A w, Chg
A Bleznmtek Sc w, Ohio
M L. Starin, Los Ans
A M Bean, Oakland
E A Curtis. Los An?
W L Gilford. L Abs
N L McVIckes, Chico
Mrs McArthur, Wlnlpe
D Campbell, Los Ang
W L Pritchard, Bacto
P S Walcolm. Scotlnd
H C.Wlndle. England
N S Nasoq. Seattle
J B Chlnn, Cal
Rev T S Cuyler. N T
Mrs T S Cuyler. N. Y
Miss Hart. N Y
Miss Prool, N Y
P P. Powell Sc w. Spok
W F Parker. Los Ang
Raymond-TVhlteonA
Excursion —
E C Richardson A w,
L H Comstoclc A v,
W J Comstock & w.
Miss Comstock.
J H Knerr & w.
O Leaihwhitd A w.
Rev F W Bas-ley & w,
Mrs P W Hiaek'ey.
Miss K B&asett,
Hon K "W 8mith & W.
B L Metzffer A w,
Mrs H L Wade,
Miss M L Wade.
r> Gordon ft w.
W W Marshall A w.
Miss £ Marshall.
Miss M Freedley.
H R Heath A w.
E White.
A V Pancoart * w.
Mrs J L» Jordan,
Jud^e O R Coole.
T P Pearson ft w.
C H Chase & w.
S M Chase.
G H Carlton.
Miss C N Carlton.
Miss M B Lawrencsv
Miss A N Gardner.
3 II Gale & w.
H A Miller St w.
A Lony,
J Fallon.
Mrs L M Adams.
Miss E Adams,
U S Adams.
Miss S Casel,
Miss C M Pals*. '
Mrs F Crosby,
Miss A C Crosby.
J C Hfinemaa & w,
C W Ball.
Miss C Ball,
Miss V Ball.
P E Corbin A w.
Miss B C Cortln. "•
Miss M A Corbin.
T B Cory & w.
W L Hall
J F Ray & w,
E>r E a Brown te. w.
Mrs A Dowley.
P O Robinson & w.
Miss v M Robinson.
Miss S E Robinson.
J M Wilson & w.
HOTEI*. .
A M Dan-ly. Illinois
J A Joselyn, Seabrlrht
C 8 Ralph, Sacto
C Durkea & w,. Boston
W C Weeks, Seattle
O R McKee. San Jom
A D Rockebrune Jr.
Tacoroa
J H Connolly. Vallejo
L. McCudden. Vallejo
J Parsons. Los Ang
J N Smith. Vallejo
J W Lasklll, Sacto
Capt C A Green. U 8 A
B B Salstz. Cleon*
DrJN Boyce. USA
J O Cannon, Salt L&ka
II J Cannon. Salt Lake
J M Cannon. Sit Laka
F A Sullivan. U 9 V
W G Heatoo. V S V
A It Goetehins, Colo
H C Burns. U. 3 V
O B Mains. PhlUdel
A Melster. Sacto
J r> Smith. Redwcort
H M Stachajn. Sacto
J H Watklns. Sacto
H Parry, Vancouver
Mrs O Robinson. Cal
T A Works, Pac Grove
W Coons, Sacto
II Dixon, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL*
T Downs A w. Ariz
C B Chainlers. Ind
W Williams & f. It A
A Grusenmeyer & w,
Logansport. Ind
J Hayes.- Boston
F J • Walker. LAthrop
J E Kermod. Cornwal
J Pronake, Cal
Mrs W Wallace. Cinn
Mrs Bromwell. Cinn
J K Doohate, Alameda
O J Snyder. Cinn
C J Johnson. Red Bluff
L Reppy, Red Bluff
I. Compton, New Ortns
Mrs Doaxtass. Stocktn
W Blackburn & w, la
Mm Green, 8 Jose
A P Tmrwell, Taeoma
II Ooldie. Victoria
Of Interest to tho Coast.
WASHINGTON. March 30.— A postofflce
has been established . at Pioneer. Kern
County, Cal.,- with; Frank P. Francis aa
Postmaster. One Postmaster was commis
sioned to-day, Joseph Tniesdale of Medi
cal Springs, Or.
-Pensions issued to-day •were: California
— Original— Kdward 8. Merrltt, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angelea. $8; Thomas 0- An
drews, Rincon, $10; Arthur A. Abby. Por
tervllle. $6: William W. Koyes, Sky land.
$6; Benjamin . F". Naylor. GUroy. VS. In
crease—Jamea C. Conway, Cohassett, Pi;
John G. Krouse, Veterans* Home, Naptu
$8; Thomas A. Cord. Los Angeles, $50. Or
iginal widows — Minorsof John K. Perkins,
Oakland. H4; Mary A. Horsley, Hueneme,
$8. Survivors, of Indian wars— Increase-
John T. Knox. San Bernardino. $11 Or»
gron—War with. Spain, original— BeAJamin
M. Lombard. Portland. XI 50.
Treasure Shipment.
Tt.t O&aUe took out a treasure list of $116,
&6S, oonadstlng of S1123 la silver dollars, $S40
la cold coin and JUS. COO in Mexican dollars.
Customs Duties.
The receipts cf customs duties at this port
eartaj the mosth of March were JS1S.4S3. mak-
Jrg tb* totai receipts since Jacuaxy 1. $1,597,745.
Exports of Quicksilver.
Exports of Quicksilver from this port by see.
tor the month of March were 551 flasks, valued
«t {29,953, w«Mtif the total exports since Jan-
Cary 1 1439 flasks, valued at $60,335.
Produce Exchange Sales.
Produce Exchange call sales In March were
tLTDO toss wheat un! 6100 tone barley, making
total sales thus far this crop year of 7M.700
toes waect aad 7J.200 tons barley.
Bank Clearings.
Local bask clearing* last week were $22,-
JJ7.86T, against I17.27L454 for the same week
last rear. For the month of March they were
JSS.611.435. agalnrt SS1.S13.OS6 for March. 1900.
Kor tbe first quarter of the year they were
K«.sr.as, against t:£3,017,Z» for the same
time in 1300.
Exports of Flour and Grain. ¦
Exports cf flour from this port for the month
ef March were SJ.637 barrels, valued at $276,630,
rr.r'kir.e the total exports slnoe the first of the
crop year 7CS.103 barrels, valued at J2.243.S04.
Exports of wheat in March were BS0.4?0 ctls,
valued ax JSS2.K9, making the total exports
thus fsj for the crop y«ax 6.102.S46 ctls. valued
»t J6,2TS.S07.
Exports cf Barley during March were 63,352
ctls, valu«-d at 165,543. making the total ex
ports thus far fnr the crop vear 1,593,277 ctls.
valued at Jl,7£5,738.
Exports of Wine and Brandy.
Exports of wine from this port tor the month
of March were £95.108 pals and 1375 cs, valued
at 130,141, making the total exports since Jan
uary 1 1,4S3,316 gals and 23C9 cs. valued at
%4*i.4f>2.
Exports of brandy rcr March were Insignifi
cant, being only 10 cs, valued at J78, making
the total exports Etnce January 1 15 223 gals
end CS cs, valued at J15.S06.
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
Latest ictJl afirtces from New York ray:
"Prune demand keep* up well, and although
£JS7 psck&res of dried fruits, mostly prunes,
were received, during the eix business days
Of last week stocks continue light and arrivals
aro reported absorbed about, as rapidly as they
reach the market. At the close the scarcity
of 60-eOs was particularly acute and few of
th!e elze were available unSer l\c. Coast ad
vices report no probable change In the policy
ef the association and that a limited quantity
of outside stock in broken assortments of
B'.zes is offered on the basis of 2%o to S^c for
the 'four sizes. 1 It Is regarded, however. &s '
tfouhtful whether &=y Urge quantity could be
had At either of the above, figures. The out
look so tmr mm the epoc market on California
prunes is concerned favors a steady basis,
w.th poesltly higher prices as stocks clean up.
'The feeling in raisins Improved consider
ably during the week as a result of the Cured
Fruit Association's action In withdrawing- the
•xport rettfU* end a little business wao done
at 65 for 3-crown loose, but generally shak
ing California raisins are dull. A little better
trade is doing in Imported raisins, but the
market Is easy. Figa are selling In a Email
way. Currants dull. A little trade is doing;
in fancy apricots asd unpeeled peaches. Ap
jaes are £ull and easy."
" NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares. .'. . Closing
Bold. . Stocks— Bid.
22.800 Atchison 63
17.100 Atchison prefd 95%
200 Baltimore & Ohio t 82
400 Canadian Pacific 92*i
1,200 Canada Southern 64Vi
1,200 Chesapeake & Ohio .' 46^
1.000 Chicago Great Western 22%
BS.SOO Chicaro Burlington &¦ Qulncy 175»4
1.600 Chicago Ind & Louisville 38
300 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 72%
Chicago & Eastern Illinois....... ....110V4
6,800 Chicago & Northwestern I83»i
40,100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 134»i
1.2O0 C C C & St Louis si •
4,200 Colorado Southern i»i£
. SOO Colorado Southern 1st prefd 47
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22i»
13.600 Delaware & Hudson :...... 173^4
2.200 Delaware Lackawanna. & Western.. 21S»4
200 E>enver & Rio Grande 4914
800 Denver & Rio Orande prefd... 97U
».600 Erie JC»i
3,700 Krie 1st prefd 68U
600 Great Northern prerd »....20O
Hocking Coal 171:
400 Hocking Valley 5414
8.100 Illinois Central ugv
3.1tt> Iowa Central : 32^4
300 Iowa Central prefd gifc,
4,600 Lake Krie & Western 53
200 Lake Erie Sc, Western prefd. ....... .128
Lake Shore jiou
6,300 Louisville & Nashville ...1OO>,4
67.100 Manhattan L xrt
15.500 Metropolitan Street Railway 166
3.600 Mexican Central 23H
200 Minn & St Louis &u
Minn &-St Louis prefd 112 ¦
4,300 Missouri Paclflo 10234
Mobile & Ohio g o 2
3.<W0 Missouri Kansas & Texas . 25
l.*00 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd... . 67^
1.300 New Jersey Central 155V
«.4OO New York Central "!!!""l46'i
2.000 Norfolk & Western 61
Norfolk & Western prerd. " ""*¦ - «;
32.300 Northern Pacific %\
8.300 Northern Pacific prefd '"" Su.
10.SC0 Ontario & Western ........ »-vr.
Oregon Railway A. Nav t * n
•;."».U " re * on Railway & Nav prefd!!."!!; 76
Jl.210 Pennsylvania iJi«
6,400 Heading '. ;
13,400 Reading 1st prefd -**
11.300 Reading 2d prefd .**; £7
Rio Grande Western ,; gi
Rio Grande Western prefd ""'"¦urn
MO Kt Louis & San Fran... Y lK
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd'"*"" m
WO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 66^
600 St Louis Southwestern i?v*
300 *t Louis Southwestern preVd""" en*
13,2fO St Paul .?;??
....... St Paul prefd ; i^
100 St Paul A- Omaha..... *" 122
12.5*0 Southern Pacific 4!,,
6.909 Southern Railway .......;.!! ii£
9,600 Southern Railway prefd... ' 70s?
17,400 Texas & Paclflo »«*
S.700 Union Pacific "*" %..
a;O00 Union Pacific prefd «Jv
600 Wabash '.'" $„?
3.900 Wabash prefd ¦"" mti
2,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie * jj*
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd!!."" asu
J00 Wisconsin Central 20
Third Avenue ""l22
1.200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd " »i«
1,200 National Tube i}2
100 National Tube prefd "*US
Kxpress companies —
Adams -...; jgQ ¦
American ""sivi
United States .."!!"!. 77
Wells-Fargo .......144
Ml seel laneoue —
American Cotton OH .'.... 251-
American Cotton OH prefd 47
.....'.. American Malting'..; s'4
American Malting prefd ............ 26
10.800 American Smelting* Refln.. .;..;.. MJi '
2,900 American Smelting* Refln prefd.. 94*4
100 American Spirits 2y.
....... American Spirits prefd 17"
traction stocks. Lake Erie and Western and
Tennessee Coal. Realising had already affected
these advances before the appearance of the
bank statement. The bears Bold the market
on the large inroad mad« upon the surplus re
serves of the banks and caused declines run
ning to a point In some cases. Supporting
orders were met and the rally was made effect
ive by a sudden and violent rise In Rock
Island to 136, an advance over last night of
6V points. Atchlson was marked up 1\ at the
seine time. A revival of old rumors of a com
bination between the two systems accompanied
the advance. Rock Island fell back sharply
on realizing and the closing of the market was
feverish and Irregular, with profit-taking In
force at some points In the list. The United
States Steel stocks did not fluctuate more than
a fraction, but the dealings In them was very
large. There were wide advances In a num
ber of high-grade and usually Inactive stocks,
including Lackawanna, Morris and Essex. Pull
man and Colorado Fuel preferred, running from
S% to 10 points, the latter figure for Colorado
Fuel preferred. The decline In the cash re
serves -of the banks was less than had been
estimated, but the loan expansion of $6,U0,S0O
¦made additional reserve requirements and so
encroached on the surplus.
Another eventful week has passed In the
stock market, with a very animated and varied
speculation in full swing. The daily average
of transactions has run well over a million
shares of stock and over $5,OCO,000 In par value
of bonds. TTiere has been a constant digestion
of speculative profits on a very large ecale
and this has encouraged the bear party to go
short of the market occasionally in the con
fidence that the culmination of the rise had
been reached and that they would have gt>od
opportunity to cover their short contracts later
on in the expected perl>l of active speculative
liquidation, but the continued largo demand
for s-tocks and the recurrence of rumors re
garding plans for the betterment of Individual
properties have as orten driven the bears to
cover ar.d have absorbed the selling to take
profits with only slight damage to prices. The
conviction remained Btropg, in spite of official
disclaimers and downright denials, that plan*
»ere ripe for the absorption of the Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy system In the interests
of the Hill-Morgan combine, looking to a
transcontinental system, including the Erie,
the Burlington, the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern. Rumors of the terms of the
deal have been numerous and divergent, in
cluding assertions of a lease with guaranteed
dividend, a caeh payment for the stock and
an exchange for guarantee bonds. ¦ The ad
mission for trading in the Unlisted department
of the Stock Exchange of the United Statee
Steel stocks, when issutd, proved an incitement
to the general speculation. The prices ', to
which theee storks hud risen In the narrow
trading on the curb onered handsome profits
for- the stocks of the constituent companies
which were exchanged, compared with the
prices of thoee stocks before the merger. There
was an apprehension that, with the greater
facilities tor trading ottered on the Stock Ex
change, there would be such heavy realizing
In the new 6tocks as to force them downward,
with resulting bad effect on the general mar
ket, but it became manifest very promptly
that these stocks were not to be left without
support. There was an organized and skillful
support at the outset and the realizing was
largely absorbed <ani prices renewed. This
gave renewed confidence to the whole specula
tion and the trading in the steel Blocks formed
an Important element In the market during
the latter part of the week. Th» belief that
plans were working out for a general combina
tion of Southwestern railroads made another
center of speculative activity. Missouri Pa
clflo continued the leading flg-ure in this move
ment and the Colorado roads were very con
spicuous and strong. The market was highly
professional and speculative during the whole
week, as shown by the volume of transactions
In Individual Etocks, which were sufficient to
have effected a change of control in many
stocks had they represented any proportion of
actual transfers. The good reports of business
in most lines all through the country and the
continued - high - leval of railroad earnings
rormed an effective underlying support for the
whole (peculation. 1
Ttoe strength of the bond market has not
teen so conspicuous and so general this week,
but points of strength have continued to de
velop.
United States refunding 2s (coupon) advanced
H and the Ss (old) 4 and new 4s *; per cent
over the closing call of last week.
CHICAGO, March SO.— Trade in corn for May
delivery became active at the tap of the open
ing gong. Within half an hour it had assumed
vast proportions. Half the wheat pit had de
serted to it and many traders were crowded
out of bounds at, times.-. George H. Phillips
took profits on a scale Approaching bis opera
tions of yesterday, yet so excited was the
trade that he was not more conspicuous than
many others. In fact It looked as If the,mar
ket was beyond the. control of this spirited
young bull, or beyond the control of any com
bination. May opened M@%c higher at 44%c to
44'ic and early touched 44c on selling said < to
have been for Phillies. The buying craze was
on, however. . and it struck this plight dip in
full force. May corn was bought and sold in
such quantities and with such rapidity by the
whole pit tbat Individual . trades were lost to
view. The market bounded to the record price
of 44*ic in the next half-hour. The remainder
of the session it was give and take between
th<* big demand and offerings from • enriched
longs. May was forced back to 44r*;e, but held
strong and closed %®?ic over yesterday at 44^4
@44%c.
In activity and strength the oats market was
tecond only to corn. This market, ordinarily
neglected and without even a pit to call its
own, made the wheat trade look dismal by
comparison. The band of Phillips was at woik
in the market, his purchases during the day
being approximated at 3,000,000 bushels. , May
closed' Ho hUher at 26%c.
The attenuated remnant of traders left In
the. wheat pit was bearish and had It not been
for the com strength it Is highly probable the
market would have declined more than It did.
Trade was light -and the range narrow. May
opened He to %&Mc lower at 76Vic to 76S"6',ic.
and sold early to 76c on heavy Australian ship
ments and favorable weather. In sympathy
with corn a reaction to 76%c followed, but de
spite late assurances of export Inquiry., the
market eased off later and closed %c under
yesterday at 76%c. . . .
Light hog receipts, the corn strength and an
advance In prices at the yards were reflected
In higher prices for provisions. May poik
closed 20o over yesterday, lard 12%®15c higher
and ribs 12V4c improved.- . .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
]•> SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
r Another advance in Hams, Bacon and Lard.
Hogs up again under slender arrivals.
Coal Oil loses its recent advance. f"
Shipmci'it of $116,463 to China. .
Local bank clearings shozv the usual gain.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted. .' '. '•
Oil stocks and local bonds and stocks quiet.
Wheat off a fraction. Barley finn and held higher.
Nothing new in Oats, Corn and Rye.
• Bran quoted firm, with light arrivals. Hay quiet and weak.
Potatoes expected to advance this week.
Asparagus higher under a brisk demand for shipment.
Poultry quiet and rather weak. Game nominal.
Strawberries affected by the cold weather.
Twelve cars of Oranges announced for to-morrozv's auction.
Dried Fruit, Xuts and Raisins as before quoted.
NEW YORK, March SO.— The imports of
specie this week were $116,905 gold and $87,74$
SllVer. -.-,--:;' -: > ' - ~ * '. ! ¦ ' ' '^ - < '.-. ',- ' '¦ «-.
Kxports of gold and silver , from this : port
to all countries, for this week aggregate $796.
220 in silver bars and coin and $383,600 in. gold. <
The imports of dry goods and 1 merchandise
this week, were $13,874,414.-
Exports [and Imports.
WASHINGTON, March 80.— To-day's ' state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund. ' exclusive ¦ of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $158,781,836; gold," $98,975,071.
Condition of the Treasury.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 30.— Atchlson. .63^; Cana
dian Pacific. 95%; Union Paclflo preferred,. 87;
Northern Paclflo preferred. 95; Grand Trunk.
SV4: Anaconda, 9%; bar silver quiet, 27 5-16d
per ounce ;, money, -3%@4 per cent.
NEW YORK, March 30. — The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market here was extremely ' Inactive
to-day,* but prices were steady. In the Ameri
can department stocks opened below parity,
hardened as the day. progressed and closed at
tho top. London bought St Paul, Ontario and
Western and Erles.» The Continent showed an
inclination to take profits. Money was in good
demand. The bank bought £15.000 gold bars.
London Market.
The Financier says: The bank statement for
the week contains several surprising features.
It had been figured that the Interior had for
warded but little money to this center and the
Bubtivasury statements showed a loss by the
clearlng-houEe institutions of about four mil
lions. The Inference was that the cash re
serves of • the bunks, ¦ by reason of the two
operations, had been reduced several millions,
but the weekly exhibit reveals a loss of only
$1,445,700. which, of course, puts a more favor
able aspect on the situation. For all that, how
ever, the position of the banks has not been
strengthened, since the expansion of $6,110,800
in loans brought about a corresponding rise
In deposits, necessitating more reserve, and the
effect Is shown In a decrease of $2,401,925, which
brings the present excess to $7,870,500, the low
efit average reported since I>cccmber 15 last.
The expansion of $6,110,800 in Ioan3 can be
traced to changes in one or two large banks
and represents speolal transactions. As a
matter of fact the . leading Items Were all In
fluenced In this way so that aside from a very
few institutions the position of the individual
institutions does not vary much from the pre
ceding week. The statement on Its face fore
casts a firmer. condition; in tha money market,
but to what extent It is difficult to deem. The
export of a small amount of gold on a special
order during the week has given rise to many
conjectures of an impending. movement, but
it Is to be jsald that normal conditions do not
warrant this belief. The exchange price Is
so dependent upon domestics money rates that
the slightest derangement of the present level
will upset all calculations. An . advance in
rates here may also bring to this center what
ever money is now lying: idle at other points.
The general opinion Is that the critical point
of the season is being tided over and Viat be
tween coming . treasury disbursements and re
ceipts of new gold before summer, a reasonable
assurance of a satisfactory market is not want-
Ing. The heavy deals which have marked the
first quarter of the year are being adjusted and
cannot be regarded as dominating the market
to the exclusion of all other business. It was
noted that the banks sent considerable money
to one or two large centers In the Interior last
week in response to demand, due no doubt to
local causes. The United Btates Steel Corpora
tion payment of $25,000,000 and April dividend
disbursement so far have not Influenced the
situation perceptibly. . .
Loans. »916.8?9,900, Increase t«,110,500; deposits,
$l,004,2S3,200, increase $3,824,800; circulation, $31.-
J65.O00, increase $109,500; legal tenders, $72,370.
500, increase $471,800; specie, $186,570,800, de
crease $1,917,500; total . reserve. $25S,951,300, de
crease $1,445,700; reserve required, $251,070,800,
increase $556,220; surplus reserve, $7,870,600, de
crease $2,401, 625.
NEW YORK. March 2O.-The weekly state
ment of averages of the Associated Banks
shows:
Associated Banks' Statement.
•^0 American Steel Hoop ..; 45%
•>™S Ame^an Steel Hoop prefd ........ 95%
"222 -Araerican Steer & Wire 46U
2^ -* mcr| can Steel & Wire prefd ......111%
400 American Tin Plate U%
-snr? American Tin Plate prefd 119
*.S,yoo American Tobacco 124&
'"\;;a Am erican Tobacco prefd ..144
Swj Anaconda Mining Co 45%
l'£ n £ rook 'y n Rapid Transit ...... ...... S3
l<<*0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55%
8,100 Continental Tobacco ....44%
*inS g 0 " 141161 " 4 *! Tobacco prefd ....104%
S.100 Federal Steel ., 52%
400 Federal Steel prefd 104%
S00 General Electric 215
100 Glucose Sugar 49*i
TU'Vl Glucoee Sugar prefd 96%
1,200 International Paper '6
400 International Paper prefd 79
100 Laclede Gas gl
National Biscuit ;...... 40Vi
¦""o^ M at 'onal Biscuit prefd 95%
200 National Lead 15U
200 National Lead prefd S3
2,900 National Steel 56%
200 National Steel prefd ..11S%
-"" 5> ew York Air Brake .15'J%
soo North American 88
. 200 Pacific Coast „ 55
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 91%
'•••r™ £ aclflc C«ast 2d prefd 64
600 Pacific Mail g6
2,300 People's Gas .... ' 106'
4.000 Preseed Steel Car ....'""'!!'. 39Vi
; 9>^ Pfeeaed Bteel Car prefd S2^
600 Pullman Palace Car ...211
¦;VaA standar< * Rope & Twine 4
6,600 Sugar 139-4
Sugar prefd ".. ui
2J.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 61*4
1.600 United States Leather U%
200 United States Leather prefd 78 '
700 United States Rubber 20
1.300 United States ¦ Rubber prefd 6SH
35.800 Western Union ....; 95%
3.800 Amalgamated Copper 100
6,000 Republic Iron & Steel Co 18%
6,700 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 75
80.100 United States Steel ' 46U
26,300 United States Steel prefd .... 9514
P C C & St Louis 66
719,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2 refunding, N Y Cent lets... .107H
reg 106 N J Cent gen 6s... 133 Vi
do coup ..$ 106% No Pac 3s 72U
do 33 reg Ill do 4s 1C6
5° COU P «l?i NTC4SIL 43. .108%
do new 4s reg...l3S% Norf & W con 4S..103U
no coup 13S%Or Nav.lsts 109*
do old 4s reg — 113>i do 4s 1C4
do coup :. 115^4 Or S Line 6s 12S«4
do 5s re S mvj do con 6s 117
do coup HUi Reading gen 4s ... 95
Dist of Col 8.603. .123% R G W lsts 101%
Atchlson gen 4s...lOJ% St L & I M con 5s. 118^
do adj 4s 9514 St L & S F gen 6s.l31H
Can So 2da IO8V4 St Paul cons 1S4%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lOS St P C & Pac lsts.ll«
do Es 121% do 6s 120%
C & N W con 7s. .141% So Pac 4s ......... 92%
do S F deb 5s.. .124 So Railway 5s 116%
Chi Term 4s 97 S Rope & T 6s.... 60
Colo South 4s SS& Tex & Pac lsts.... 119
D & R G 4s 10? do 2ds 96
Erie gen 4s 89U Union Pac 4s 105*1
Ft W & DC lsts..lO8 Wabash lsts 119H
Gen Electric 5s ...ISO do 2dn .: 110»i
Iowa Cent lsta ...117 West Shore 4s ....11&%
L & Nash unt 4s.. 10:% Wis Cent lets .... 9W t
M K & T 2ds 80% Va Centuries 95%
do 4s 99
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23|Llttle Chief 14
Alice .' 43iOntario 9 00
Breece 1 lO'Ophir 80
Brunswick Con.... *6|Phoenix c»'
Comstock Tunnel.. 75 Potoal ' 13
CorvOal & Va.:.... 2 251 Savage r 12
Deadwood Terra .. K.Slerra- Nevada .... 35
Horn Silver 1 12 Small Hopes 60
Iron Silver 5? Standard 3 00
Leadvllle Con 05| V
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 82H
Call loans 2%®3% Union Land 3%
Time loans 3V464 West Knd 94'4
. Stocks— , . , Bonds —
Atchieon 63»i Atchlson 4s 102 •
do prefd 95<4 N E G & Coke 6s.. 4S
Am Sugar 140% Mining shares
do prefd 12IH Adventure 15*4
Bell Telephone 167 Blngham Mln Co.. 25
Boston & Albany. .258 Amalg Copper 100
Boston Blevated...l75 Atlantic 32
Boston & Maine. ..194 Boston & Mont 3J2
C B & Q.: 174T* Butte & Bonton 98
Com Coal 3S% Calumet & Hecla..815
do prefd 110*, Centennial ......... 26U
Fed Steel 52 Franklin .......;... 2114
do prefd ..104 Humboldt » 25
Fttchburg prefd. ..144V4 Osceola 82
Gen Electric 216V- Parrot 61%
do prefd .....'....200 . Qulncy 175
Ed Elec 111 255 Santa Fe Copper.. i%
Mex Cent 23 Tamarack 350
N E G & Coke.... 11% Utah Mining 33%
Old Colony 208 Winona ;,... 4%
Old iKiinlnlon .... 35 Wolverines 50%
Rubber 20
1 Twelve ; cars of Oranges are announced for
to-morrow's auction. . Oranges and Lemons are
weak and plentiful - and Limes are in moder
ate supply and < weaker. . Supplies of Bananas
are considerably, reduced." , : . •
< The , cold weather : is rather , against Straw
berries, and ' the demand for ' them - Is by no
means ; Bharp.'<iKri)tisM«ijaMtM|
nKcim'ons fruits—
• STRAWBERRIES— 65®90o per , drawer ' for
Longworths and 40@50c f or ' Mollndos. ; . ',.
»APPLES—50@75c per box for common and $1
61 75 for good to choice and $2@3 25 for fancy.
' CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 60c® Jl 75;
Seedlings.-— —; Tangerines. 60c@U 25; Lemons,
50c£$l s for * common and $1 25@2 . for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, 50c®$l JO; Mexican Limes
$6 50©7; California Limes., nominal;- Bananas,
$1 25(82 60 - per bunch; Pineapples, 75c®$2 -per
dozen.
I Dried; Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
¦ The >; local 3 market is 'unchanged.'? Tha state
of 1 the ;¦ Eastern ¦ markets appears • In : the Urst
column. ¦ ¦ ; •-¦:'. ¦..¦¦¦• '¦..?'•- Y tv 1
:¦¦; FRUlTS-r Apricots. . 6©7c for Royals and 8%©
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 14c; firsts, 13c; seconds, ;
store. . 11a - u + ifwil»flwni ¦ n "JUBTJIiWy 1 f ""XJ.
Storage— Creamery, extras, — ; firsts, — ;
seconds, - — ; dairy, extras, — ~.
.Pickle, -— per pound.
Keg, ¦ — — per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, so; choice,
8c; common, nominal; Toung Americas, s%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@>16ftc per lb. .
EGGS-
Callfornla Ranch— Selected White. 13%c;
mixed colors,' WHo per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, UHc; stand
ard, 12c; seconds,—. .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ¦,— | etandard, — ;
seconds,——. ¦
, Storage— California. fancy. ; \ standard.
— — ; Eastern fancy, — -; standard, i ; sec
onds, ¦ . .-,,',; ¦ ¦ . ¦ v .
Stocks of Butter continue, to accumulate, as
receipts are large and Northern orders con
tinue to diminish, i
Cheese '¦ is reported steady, with a moderata
demand for export.
The Exchange reports a steady Egg market,
while dealers report - the Easter demand al
ready - setting in. Stocks are light , and the
street reports the , market stiff.
Receipts as reported by tha Dairy Exchange
were: 43,300 pounds and 23 tubs of Butter, 12SS
cases Kkks. 6800 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
' BUTTER— ,
Creamery— Bxtrts, 16c; firsts, 14c; seconds,
Butter, [Cheese and Eggs.
There was some Poultry left on hand at the
close. - Prices have been so high lately that
the demand has been checked. There was no
change in Game. ¦ ...
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys. 10Q12o for Gob
blers and a 12013c for Hens; Geese, per - pair,
Jl 75fT2: Goslings. J3 50@2 75; Ducks. $3 E0©8 50
for old and $S@9 for young; Hens, $4 60®6;
youngr Roosters, $7@S; old Roosters, $4 50*35;
Fryers. $6@6 SO: Broilers, $5@6 60 for large and
$2 60?! 4 for small; Pigeons,' $2 per dozen for old
and " $2 6008 75 . f or Squabs.
GAME— Ormy , Geese. 13; White Geese, SI;
Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 for large; English
Bnlpe, $3©3 60; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Hare, $101 25;
Rabblt3. $1 £5 for Cottontail and 75c@$l lor
Brush. ¦ >ss*a3jife ••¦-..
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubart), 6Sc@$l 75 per box;
Asparagus, t2 75@3 for fancy, $2 25@2 50 per box
for No. 1 and $1 25® 2 for No. 2; Green Peas,
283c- for.- Bay; String Beans, 5@Sc; , Cabbage,
65c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, 75c@$l 50 per crate;
from Mexico, $1@1 50 per crate; Egg Plant, Los
Angeles, per lb; Green Peppers, Los Ange
les, .35®50c per lb for. Chile and - — - for Bell;
Dried Peppers. 12Q18c; Dry Okra. 25c per lb;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
&Oc;SJl 60 per dozen: Summer Squash, $1 50^1 75
per box; Garlic, 2%®3o per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, $2O(g30 per ton; Mushrooms., 15@20o
per lb. , ¦ .. ; _
POTATOES — Early Rose. S5cg$l: Burbanks.
25@50c for River and 65090c for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon, 90c@$l 10; Sweets, 60®
ttc for Merced: New Potatoes, l%@2o per lb.
ONIONS— »2@2 75 per ctl ; Cut Onions. 75c0
$160 per sack; Australians, S3 60@4; Green
OnlonB. 25®.40c per box.
Higher prices for Potatoes are expected dur
ing ' the coming week, as stocks are light and
the demand la good. Onions are steady and un
changed. • -
Receipts were 860 boxes Asparagus, E66 boxes
Rhubarb. 663 sacks Bay Peas and 288 sacks New
Potatoes. _
The feature yesterday was the sharp advance
In Asparagus. Receipts have . Been steadily
falling oft since the weather turned cold, and
the demand for Eastern shipment continues
brisk. There were free orders at $2 75 for ship
ment for Easter yesterday, presumably for the
East. Peas and Rhubarb were also firm. Green
Peppers were scarce and much higher, and the
other "Southern Vegetables were also firm.
. Beans show no further chang*. Ldmu "are
still quoted firm and colored descriptions weak-
There Is a fair call for whiteB.
BEANS— Bayoe. (3 50®2 65; a mall White, $4 65
©4 90; Largo White. $4@4 15; Pink. $1 80@3;
Red $3'<?3 25: Blackeye, $303 25; Llraas. $6@6 15;
Pea, nominal; Red Kidney. $4t« 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown -.Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal ; Flax. $2 60@3; Canary, 8%©
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@«V4o for Califor
nia and 8©9%c for Utah; Rape, 2®2%c; Hemp,
3%c; Timothy, «Uc
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $202 60; Green, $2 70®
S per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers are quoting a very firm market for
Bran, receipts having been light for some little
time. . Hay rules easy, with ample offerings. '
BKAN— $15 604J16 per ton. *•
MIDDL,INGS-$16 60@19 60 per 1 ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1« 5O@17 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23-326; Jobbing.
$:G 50; Cocoanut Cake, $174* IS; Corn Meal, 1250
25 50; Cracked Corn. $25 60@26; Mixed Feed,
$15016.
HAY— Volunteer. $5(38: Wheat. $11013; Wheat
stnd Oat. *9®12: Oat. $9£11 60; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $Si?9 60; Barley, 17 50Q3 60 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%o per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25©
3 50 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15®3 25:
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 76G3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers'. $2 75
©3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trada: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye. Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny $3 60(93 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4S4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),
$6 10@7 60; in Backs, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley,
$5- Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 CO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstiiffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. 70%c. May— 2000, 74%c. > •;:.
Second Session— No eales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— There is nothing new to report, the
market being quiet and steadily held. White,
%\ 3Z f n 1 50; Surprise, nominal; Red. $1 3r@i 45;
Black, $1 15@l 25 per ctl.
CORN— Continues very dull at nominal quota
tions. Yellow, $1 10@l 15; White, $1 10@l 15;
Eastern mixed, $1 12% per ctl. \
RYE — 80@85c per ctl. Offerings are -liberal
and neglected.
BUCKWHEAT-Is quoted at $1650170 per
ctl, ex-warehouse.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December 1 — 2900
ctls, $1 06%.
Second Session— May— 2C00 ctls, $1 CH4. De
cember—2000. $1 06% ; 2000, $106%: 4000. $iO«%.
Regular Morning Session— 6000 ctls. $1 C6H
BARLEY—The week closed on a very firm
market, most dealers asking SOo for choice
bright feed, though no Bales as high as this
figure were reported. '
Feed, 7S%c for choice bright, 77%c for No. 1
ana 72V4@75c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, S2%@Kc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
WHEAT— The markets all .over, the world
continue dull and featureless.
There was very little doing at Chicago, and
no news of any Importance. The strength in
corn is the sole factor at the moment, ' and pri
vate wires say that crop damage reports would
be necessary to advance prices. Primary re
ceipts for the week were 673,000 bushels, against
600.000 for the same week last year, and ship
ments were 264,000 bushels, against 2SS.C00. Aus
tralian shipments were heavy, being 1,064,000
bufthels, against 64,000.
The local market was weaker, with a decline
In shipping grades and futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 01%; choice, $1 02% :
milling, $1 05@l am Per ctl.
Wheat and Other. Grains,
Sterling Exchange, W days — $4 S5tf
Sterling Exchange,' sight...' '— 4 89
Sterling Cables — " 490
New York Exchange, -it'-t — 12H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60 @ 51
Exchange, and Bullion.
California dried fruits dull and featureless.
Prunes— Nominally 3U@7o per pound, as to
size and quality. Apricots — Royal, ¦ T-rU 12c;
Moorpark, 8U®15c. Peaches— Peeled, 12V4@2Oc;
unpeeled, 5^@10c.
Continued apathy prevailed in the market
Jor evaporated apples and prices were more or
less nominal. State common, 3@4c; prime, 4%
<&47&c; choice, 5@6%c; fancy, 6@6Vic. :
DRIED FRUITS.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refining. 3 7-32c: centrif
ugal, 96 test, 4 l-16c; molasses sugar. 3.15@3.16e:
refined, firm; No. 6 4.70c; No. 7, • 4.60c: No. 8,
1.50c; No. 9. 4.45c; No. 10, 4.40c: No. 11, 4.33c;
No. 12. 4.30c: No. 13, 4.30c; No. 14, 4.23c: stand
ard A. B. 05c; confectioners' A. B.05c; mold A,
5.60c; cut loaf. 6.75c; crushed, 6.75c; powdered,
5.3r>c; granulated, 5.23c; cubes, 6.50c. ¦
BUTTER— Receipts, JS400 - packages. ¦ Strong.
Freph creamery. 16@i2c: factory. ll®14Vic -
EGGS— Receipts, ¦ 13,198 packages. 'Easier.
Western at mark, 13^@13V4c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6T40
7c; mild, dull: Cordova, 8V£@12^4c Futures
closed unchanged to 10 points lower. Total
eales, 6500 begs. Including: May, $5 50; June,
$5 65; July, $5 60;- September. $5 75; October,
$5 75; : November,- $5 80; December, $5 9K. t^agtm
WHEAT— Receipts. 48,600 bushels; exports,
249.993; sales, 2,875,000 bushels futures, 24,000
ei-ot. . Spot, - steady; * No. : - 2 red, ? S2c > f. o. ¦ b.
afloat and' SO'/ic elevator; No* 1 Northern • Du
ltth,-SOUc.f.o. b. Afloat; No. 2 hard Duluth.
93c f . o. b. afloat. Options opened easy through
lccal realizing. > Firm English cables and local
covering contributed to, the firmness. Closed
6teady at unchanged prices. May, 80 8-l«@
81 1-16C. closed 81c: July. 81 3-l«@81?4c. closed
KlUc: September, SO 7-16@S0%c, closed 80%c.
HOPS— Quiet. State • common to choice, 1900
crop. lS@20c: Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 16@19c
HIDES— Firm. Galveston. 18@18V4c; Califor
r.ia, lh\i<319c; Texas, 14@14Hc
WOOL— Dull.. Domestic fleece, 24®27c; Texas,
W®17e. -¦¦ - , ,¦
flim with wheat. Winter patents, $3 65@4; do
straights, $3 45®3 55; Minnesota patents, $31?
3 25: • winter extras, $3 45@2 80; do low grades,
$2 45^2 60.
Flour, qr eks. ... 7,308 Straw, tons in
Wheat. ctU ..... 92.797 Wool, bales 4J7
Barley, ctls 2,273 Potatoes, eks .... r«2
Oats, ctls 604 Pelts, bdls ...... xii
Tallow, ctls 215 Hides, No no
Hops, bales 130 Wine, gala 17 450
Middlings, sks .. 150 Leather, rolls ... . 81
Bran, ska 1.700 Quicksilver, flsks JS
Hay, tons 361 Lime, bbla ...... »;j
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH «L
Receipts of Produce.
COAL OIL— The Ho which was added to the
price of Coal Oil on Friday was taken off
again yesterday. The advance In Gasoline and
Benzine stands. Water White Coal Oil, In
bulk. 13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c-
Star, 19c: Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c: Eocene
21c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in balk. 15c;
in cases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c; in cases
20o ; 86 degree Gasoline, la bulk. 20c; In cases'
280.
Crushed, 6.03c; Powdered, 6.63c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.CIc; Dry Granulated. 5.65c: Confec
tioners' A. 6.55c: Mairaolla A. B.lje: Extra C.
5.05c; Golden C. 4.»5c; barrels. lOo more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60o more; 60-lb bags,
lOo more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels cr its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels. <-<0c: boxes. 8.55c -per lb.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska, red, $1 20; medium do. $1 10: pink W®
95c: Columbia River, Chinook. $1 75 for tails
and $1 85 for fiats; barreled Salmon. $10 for
Alaska barrels and $3 50 for Half-barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
RICE— China mixed, $4 20®4 25; No. L $4 70*}
4 85; extra, $3 20® 5 50; Japanese, $1 95B5 GO;
Louisiana, tif(6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL— Wellington, J9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, J9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay
$5 60; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Wallsend ii-
Cumberland. $13 In. bulk and $13 25 in sacks -
Pennsylvania 'Anthracite Egg. $14: Cannel. $10
per ton; Coke, $15 ptr ton In bulk and- 117 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, S3 43 per
2000 pound* and $8 60 per ton. according, to
brand. - . \
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, IS C5; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 7c; spot, 67s<37c;
local make. He* less than Calcutta*; Wool
Bags, 30©S4c; Fleece Twine. 7V4©8c
General Merchandise.
LAMB— Spring. 10® lie per pound,
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and .under, Mic:
180 to 225 lbs, 6%® «4c; 825 and over. *©«£c;
feeders. ; drea«ed ilozs. Sbtt3V»c.
VEAL— Large, 708c; small. Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8©9c; Ewes. 7%«SH<s per
pound. . .
The prolonged scarcity in Hogs has result
ed In another advance, as will be seen be
low. The market is very stiff, and arrivals
are extremely small. Other meats show no
change. -
BEEF— 7g8c for Steeri and 637Hc per lb for
cows.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL — Spring, 1000 — Humboldt and Mendo
dno, 15@16c per lb; Northern; free, 12913c; de
fective, 9@llc; Middle County, free. 10©llc: doi
defective, S@10c: Southern. 12 months, 8£9c:
Southern, free. 7 months. 7910c: do, defective.
7 months, 7@8c: Oregon Valley, fine, 15@16c; do.
medium and coarse, 14915c; Oregon. Eastern,
choice, 12@14c; do. fair to good, 9® lie; Nevada,
10®12e. Fall— Humboldt and Mendodno. 11©
12c: Middle County and Northern, 8®9c; San
Joaquln, 6@7e.
HOPS— 15®20c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Calls and brands sell
about lHc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9tfc; medium. 8?4e; light. 8c Cow
Hides. tVtC for heavy and 8c for light; Stag*.
6c; Salted Kip. Sc: Salted Veal,. 8c: Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, 154c; Culls, 13c; Dry Kip, 15c;
Dry Calf. 16c; Culls and Brands. 12@l3c; Sheep
sktns. shearlings. 15fi25c each: short Wool. 30®
40c each: medium. 500 6Zc: lone "Wool, 75c@Jl
each; Horse Hides, salt. 12 60 for large and j;a
: 25 for medium. II ©1 23 tor small and 60c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for large. $125
for medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium
sktns, 3Oc; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins,
Prime Angoras, 75c; largs and smooth, 60c;
medium. 33c.
TAULOW-r-No. 1 rendered. 4Hc per lb; No. 3.
3VttMc; grease. 2@2Hc. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, »He; three
half-barrels. %Kc: one tierce, SV&c; two tierces,
80; five tierces. 7%e per lb.
LARD-^Tlerces quoted at i\a per lb for
compound and 10Hc for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 10%c: 10-lb tins. lUic; fi-lb tins. Uttc.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12o per lb for
heavy, 13%®13c for light medium. 134o for
light, 14s for extra light and la'-ic for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess
Beef, $13 per barrel: extra Mess. $13 SO; Fam
ily. $13 50; prime Mesa Pork. $15@15 50; extra
clear. $22; Mess. $13; Smoked Beef, l'c per lb.
lOo for Moorparks : tvaporated Apples. SH05e;
sun-dried, lH©3%c: Peaches, 3®3ftc for ttand
ard, 4©4Hc for choice and 5tf6c for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c: Plum*, pitted. 495c; unpitted, 19
VAc; Nectarines. 6®5%c far red and 5H@«c for
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes 3c; 3<M0s, 7c;
40-SOs, 6Vc; 80-60S. 4&c; 60-70s. 3%.q; 70-SOs, 3»4c:
80-90s, 2*c: 90-lOOs. 2Kc; 100-120s. H4c; rubles.
He premium; Sonomas, V»c and San Joaqulns
i-iO less than Santa Claras except 100 and over.
¦which stand tha same.
RAISINS— The Raisin . Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. -. 12c ' per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons, 9o per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lO'^c per lb;
choice, »V4c; standard. t\c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
«ttc; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, Sfcc: 3-crown. «c
Pacific brand. 3-crown, 5c:.. 3-crown, %5'ic,
and 4-crown, 6%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fan
cy, 16-ounce, 7c: 12-ounce. 5Hc: choice, 18
ounce, 6\c; 12-ounce, 514c: London Layers,
z-crown. $1 50 per box; I-crown. II SO; Fancy
Clusters. $3; Dehesa. $3 M; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnnts. 8©10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7^c; No.
1 hardshell. 9Hc; No. S. 7c; Almonds. 12313c
for paper-shell, 9®llc for softshell; Peanuts,
6®6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts,
13c: Pecans. '»l©13c: Cocoanuts. $3 S0©5.
HONEY— Comb, 13%CKc for bright and 13H
©13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7 He; light amber extracted. 6HQ?e; dark. 6@
6Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— S4C28O per lb. ,
Provisions. "''
The expected advance took place yesterday.
Hams, Bacon and Lard each I advancing %c
per lb. * Stocks are slender and the market is
very stiff, with no' cutting, a condition that
has not been seen for some time.
57@58e. Cleared— Ship Forrest Hall, for Queens
town with 116,138 bu3hels of wheat.
'WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 30.— Wneat. quiet and
steady; Bluest em, 69 $£c; Club, 57c
THE SAN FKAISTGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 31, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Ch icago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK. MARKET.
NEW TORK,. March SO.-rLOUR^Recelpti.'
19.479 barrels; exports,* 15,815. Fairly active and
—M s^rtw Winili I fa IitI B^n- li NtnM HMmJsWii Mill lUi ¦mil il II I n' ¦ ill Hill n
Eh
31
New York Grain and t Produce
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cloae.
Wheat No. ¦%— .
Ai>rll 75*4 7BH— 76Vi 7SH
May 76H T6% . 76 7«H
Corn No. 2—
May 44*i 44H 44 44%
July 44K 44ft- *«4 44«£
Oats No. i —
May 25% 2«H 25% 26%
July 25% . 26H 25ft 28
Mes8 Pork, per barrel-
May 15 60 15 62>4 IS 45 15 50
July ..15 10 15 27»i 15 10 15 22H
liird. p«T ICO pounds— . - -
May.. .-...8 10 t22M 8 10-' - 8 22V4
July .-. 8 05 8 12H 8 05 8 12ft
Shprt Klbs,:p«r-10O pounds-
May ................ 8 0» 8 12H 8 05 8 12H
July T 95 • 8 07^4 7 95 8 07V4
Sertember 7 92ft 8 05 7 82ft 8 05
STATION'S.
| I-»Jt I ThU I Last
.24 Hoursj Season. |S«uon.
Surtka'
U4 Bluff
jacra-roento
J*n I'ranelseo ......
tuno
nfleper.<lene«
¦an Lule Obigpo. . .
Jem Angeles
¦>»n Z>lc«o
- ! — .
.. Trace. 41.fi « jj
a. 17 U.07
JT.1S 15.48
38.84 J7.C2
10.28 7.09
_5-W 2.81
27.C2 11. U
0.01 14.11 6.6S
©.!« 10.JJ 3.18
STATION'S.
| I-»Jt I ThU I Last
.24 Hoursj Season. |S«uon.
Surtka'
U4 Bluff
jacra-roento
J*n I'ranelseo ......
tuno
nfleper.<lene«
¦an Lule Obigpo. . .
Jem Angeles
¦>»n Z>lc«o
- ! — .
.. Trace. 41.fi « jj
a. 17 U.07
JT.1S 15.48
38.84 J7.C2
10.28 7.09
_5-W 2.81
27.C2 11. U
0.01 14.11 6.6S
©.!« 10.JJ 3.18
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cloae.
Wheat No. ¦%— .
Ai>rll 75*4 7BH— 76Vi 7SH
May 76H T6% . 76 7«H
Corn No. 2—
May 44*i 44H 44 44%
July 44K 44ft- *«4 44«£
Oats No. i —
May 25% 2«H 25% 26%
July 25% . 26H 25ft 28
Mes8 Pork, per barrel-
May 15 60 15 62>4 IS 45 15 50
July ..15 10 15 27»i 15 10 15 22H
liird. p«T ICO pounds— . - -
May.. .-...8 10 t22M 8 10-' - 8 22V4
July .-. 8 05 8 12H 8 05 8 12ft
Shprt Klbs,:p«r-10O pounds-
May ................ 8 0» 8 12H 8 05 8 12H
July T 95 • 8 07^4 7 95 8 07V4
Sertember 7 92ft 8 05 7 82ft 8 05
INVESTMENTS— LOANS. ;
--•Ollt edge bonds, bearing S per cent Interest,
for sate.
< Also dividend paying stocks In industrial cor-
porations.. .
¦West Coast Investment Co,,
Room 118 Phelan Building*
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, March 30.
Blood poisoning resulting frora varcina
tios caused the death last night of Ml«s
Viola Myrtle Yoakum. a "Western 4 Union
telegraph operator, ?•mployed in 6an
Francisco. Miss Yoakum was vaccinated
by. a San Francisco physician about three
weeks ago. The sore on her arm caused
by the virus became bo painful that she
w&s compelled to remain at home for sev
eral days. As soon as nhe felt able she
went back to work, but the arm began
troubling her again <uid medical aid was
summoned. Yesterday afternoon acute
eyznptoms set in and the unfortunate girl
died at about midnight at the home of her
sister, Mrs. E. A- Young, at 951 Union
street.. .. • . . f •.:.•¦.
Miss Yoakum was IS vears of age and
was a beautiful glr!. She was held in
high esteem -by a large circle of acquaint
ances.
About a month ago the young- lady tola
& friend that she was in constant dread of
smallpox and was advised to consult a
physician and be inoculated against th-»
disease. She did so and felt no special
alarm at the resulting inflammation until
last Wednesday, when Dr. J. F. Rinehdrt
was called In. Under his treatment the
patient Improved until vesterdav, whex. .a
change for the worse set in. Dr. Rinehart
called Drs. Stratum and Wilcox Into con
sultation. They found the young lady's
arm terribly swollen and diagnosed the
case as acute blood poisoning. It was de
cided that the only hope of saving the pa
tient's life lay in amputation, but she
Erew worse bo rapidly that the surgeons
saw that she could not survive the opera
tion. It was therefore abandoned.
The case of Miss Yoakum is one of sev
eral which have been recently reported by
local physicians as the result of vaccina
tion.
E>r. Rinehart claims that Miss Yoakum's
death was not due to faulty virus or to
the method of Jts application, but resulted
from taking cold In and using the affectad
erm before it was sufficiently healed over
The funeral services will be held* < roni
ner sister's residence tc— morrow afternoon
at 1:80 o'clock.
Smallpox Virus Causes Case
•of Blood Poisoning With
Fatal End.
DEATH IS RESULT
OF VACCINATION
For Mrs. Murphy, residence 2333 Clay" street
and lot 27:6xlI7:6>4. for S3SS7 60: for Mrs. Klns
ir.ar.n, five flats, 229 Minna street, and lot
2at"5. renting for $44 per month, for $4500; for
Hugh Keenan, three new flats Just completed
on the north side of liroadway, west of Van
Ness avenue, rent S1S5 p«r month, lot 30:<xl37:6.
for 115,700; for Charles Jost, two-story residence
and lot 23x120, north line of Post street. 68:9
west of Polk, for $6000: for Mrs. A. L. VUlegia,
lot £.9:6x75, covered with. old improvements, on
weft line of Fifth street, between Shipley and
Harrison, for $5500: for Thomas Dennigan, lot
on west line of Folsom street, 60 feet north of
Fifteenth. 23x85, for 121S0; for Patrick Gleason,
two stores on the southeast corner of Harrison
and Twenty-flf th ¦ streets and lot 25x100. for
$4100; for Louis Kriedljmder, residence on the
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co." have sold the
property on the northwest corner of But
ter and Trinity streets, between Kearny.
and Montgomery streets. 40 by 68:9 feet,
for Jfll.OOO, the corner being sold by Mrs.
Haviland and the adjoining lot by the
Board of Missions of the Presbyterian
church. The new owner will erect a very
handsome downtown office building on the
lot in the near future. The firm has
also eold for Douglass S. Watson the
property on the east line of Montgomery
street, between California and Sacramen
to streets, for $94,000. This piece was
bought a few -weeks ago by Mr. Watson
from Baron von Schroeder and Arch
bishop Riordan for 5SG.OO0, so that now
Mr. Watson makes a nice little profit of
$8000 on the turn. The same brokers
further report the saJe of the lot with old
improvements on the northerly line of
O'Farrell street, west of Powell, lot 74:6
by 127:6 feet, with an "L" of 60 by 60 feet
to Kllwood street for $125,000. This prop
erty was sold by the same firm about
eighteen months ago at a much less fig
ure. In none of these sales does the firm
report the purchasers' names at the pres
ent time. The residence at 2012 Broadway,
between Laguna and Buchanan streets,
has also been sold for 541,000. The lot is
68:9 by 127:8*4 feet, with a very good house
on 1L .......
Shainwald & Buckbee also report selling
lot *nd Improvements on the south line
of Turk street. 112:6 feet west of Larkin,
lot 25 by 137:6, for 59500; lot on northwest
cfcrner of Mason and Derby streets, be
tween Geary and Post streets. GO by 77:6
feet, for $41,000. for account of J. C.
Franks, formerly United States Marshal;
lot and residence on the north line of Pa
cific avenue. 112 feet west of Buchanan
street, with a lot of 80 by 132:7% feet, for
account of Solomon Sweet estate, fox a
little less than $40,000; block 305. Western
Addition, sold by John F. Boyd. This is
the block bought by Boyd at the Kelly
estate auction of December 12 for $103,000,
and is now resold at an advance.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report the following
list of recent sales:
Sales Just Reported.
Transfer for JS2.000, by Thomas H. O'Connor
to E. W. McCarthy, of 69:4x23:4x45x82:6 on the
west line of Front, 60 feet north from Pine;
from Isaac F. Doane to Kate K. Forbes, the
northwest corner of Second and Townsend
streets for $25,000; from Abby M. PJirroU ti
the Fulton Engineering and Shipbuilding
Works, of the block bounded by Tonquln,
Devisadero, Jefferson and Broderlck streets for
$30,000; from Henry E. Bothln to T. Z. Blake
man, the southwest corner of Sansome and
Jackson streets for $26,M0; from Julia D. Bey
lard to A. Aronson. 25x137:6 feet on the south
west line of Third street, 115 feet northwest
from Mission, for $25,000; from John D. Tal
lant et al. to Alexander Boyd. the northeast
corner of California and Battery streets for
$1X5.000; from Mary E. von Schroeder to
Douglass S. Watson. 98:8^x68:9 on the east line,
of Montgomery. 42 feet south from Sacramento,
for $86,000; from F. C. Marwedel to Carl 8.
Marwedel. an undivided one-quarter of the
southwest corner* of Kearny and California
streets for $21,000; Joseph H. P. and Marlon
P Howard to Stephen D. and Agnes H--
Hayne to A. Aronson, 30x107:10 on the Bouth-,
west- line of Third street.- 85 feet northwest
from Mission, for $54,500; from Edward V. and
Ella M. Hull to Lewis and Nathan Dusenbery.
60-0%xl65 on the southeast line '¦ of Market
etreet, 50:0\ feet northeast from" Seventh, for
$122,500.
Three-quarters of a million dollars
changed bands, roughly estimated. In
transactions of realty that were placed on
record during the last week. The larger
salos Include the following:
Review of tlie Conditions of the San
. Francisco Market That Have
Kept the Broken
Three-Quarters. of a Million
Change Hands in Week's
Transactions.
REAL ESTATE
SALES HEAVY
32
THE. SAN -FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, MABCH;31^ .%?9t.
IDENTIFIED AS FRANK BRANNIQ AN.—
The body of. the man found drowned In the
bay last Friday was Identified In the Morgue
yesterday as that bz) Frank BrannSran. a
marine - fireman : employed on the steamer So
noma, " who disappeared , March 20. He . came
to this city a short time ago from Philadelphia.
He was a native of Ireland. 12 years old.
toTa complaint, yesterday before .United
States District ;.•"; Attorney .Woodworth
against Dr. George j C. McDonald" and
Pilot Charles T.' Korts and warrants were
issued ft>r their arrest.
¦; ; 5 The ; charge ¦ against Dr. McDonald Is
boardinff a ship without permission In vio
lation of law/ ' Korts is accused of having
unlawfully Interfered with and" obstructed
the customs officer in the discharge of his
tintr HfirfBBMr'n'TtiiTTOriTsffl^^
Meler'B complaint alleges that on the
WABRANTS OUT FOB A
• j ; V ¦ 'PrLOT^AND '-A DOCTOR
One^Eoarded a Vessel Without Per
f : mission, 5 < and ; the '.Other- Ob
". structed an Offloer. • , .
: Customs Inspector Hans H. Meier swore
mornlns of March 25 Dr. McDonald board
ed the British steamer Saint Bede. from
Manila, notwithstanding: the orders of the
customs official for him to keep off. the
vessel. It is alleged also that Korts en
couraged the doctor to come on board and
derfed Meier to. keep him off. 38SSJ**S«*g
The accused will be taken before United
States Commissioner Heacock to-morrow
morning for examination. This Is the sec
ond-complaint of the kind against Dr.
McDonald. -
AMUSElOaiTTS.
Columbia— VTbe ; Little ; Minister."
'; Alhambra—^'The f Angel of the "Alley."
'Tlvoll— "The; WeddlpgjDay." "
; "Central— VUncle. Tom's Cabin."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
• , ? Alcarar— ".too Much v Johnson." . - _ ': a
' Morosco's{ Opera-house— BeneJIt - performance,"
.VThreeHats." .. " , : ' ;.' --/>'• .-;;-,''£>;^i?-«
*¦: Olympla; ' corner rMason and 'Eddy; streets-
Specialties. \. . '. . • .
: " Fischer' s— Yaudevllle. r ... . . ',
yj Chutes, .• Zoo'i'and Thcater--yaudevllle every
afternoon : and • evening.'; ; , • \j "-. '* '¦:::. *~
'*». Recreation ¦ Park— Baseball . to-day. \ -
! '- Union-, Coursing ; Park—Courslns; to-4ay.- '
• Tanforan Park— Races to-morrow. ;•.*¦•
'¦ : , Corsets caref ully^ fitted.':' Royal "Worcesf
ter corset" fitting parlors," 6 : Geary St., cor.
Kearny/::' ' ' ¦-¦*'¦ ¦ •'
A fireproof building, from eight to
twelve stories high, will be erected near,
the'eorner of Mission and New:Montgom
ery streets, , to occupy a lot 100x160 feet In
dimensions. Fred H. 1 Meyers will be the
architect. The structure will cost upward
of $200,000. . -. .: • - .:
¦ .Mayor Phelan has contracted for. a two
story brick and terra cotta: building for a
public -library at the corner of Fourth
and Clara streets; to cost $15,595. ; -.,> '¦
• Andrew E. Pessano . will put up a three
story and basement frame rbuilding on the
west line of , Powell street, twenty-seven
feet south from Chestnut.'
: Miss Sarah E. ; Johnston has • given < out
contracts for a two-story, frame residence
on : the west '.line of : Central '¦ avenue, 127
feet north from Jackson street, to cost
$8ooo: . -¦-:, -:¦ -.- ... Ki'-r^' ¦¦' .- ';¦-:: ¦¦¦¦
Two two-story and > basement, frame
buildings will. be erected on. the northwest
corner of Dolores , and , Liberty ; streets by |
A. B. Knox.at a cost of $12,000. ; :'
':': J. H.' Thorn Wohrden has contracted. for
a two-story frame" dwelling," to ' contain
two flats," on the south line of Golden'Gate
avenue,'- 175 feet east" - from * Devisadero
street. The cost willbe $4500. r - ;'-•¦•;.
v/A four-story and basement' frame build
ing will be erected by 'A. Miles Taylor on
the' north line .of \ Post street, 69:8 feet
west from Polk. - 3WpS^Mj)lflwll^l/gii MJBHyT II IV
r G.-H. Umbsen & Co. will auction pieces
of j the Matthew, Crooks property on April
18 at their salesrooms. 'They, will also, on
April • 8/. auction miscellaneous properties.
Buildings Are Planned.
of Montsomery street. "42 feet south from Sac
ramento : Hlbernta i Savings and . Loan Society
to Andrea and Romllda Sbaiboro. for $19,730,
on the northwest corner of Stelner and Sutter
streets and - west line of Larkln, ' 80:6 « south
from California: Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society to A. L. Bancroft, for U5.00O, the
northwest corner of Franklin and Pine streets;
German Savings and Loati Society, for 130,000,
to James B. and- Sarah - Mahony, • southwest
corner of ; Castro ' and Twenty-fourth r streets
and properties on Diamond and Castro streets.
Loans and Beleases.
The ¦ larger loans • of ; the week were ¦ a«
follows: , ,
. Hlbernla Savlngrs and Loan Society '¦¦ to i A:
Aronson. $29,000 on S0xl07 feet on. the southwest
line of Third street. ¦. 115 T feet : northwests from
Mission; Hibernla Savings. and > Loan;' Society
t<. a • ' Aronson, $42,tOO on 60x107 on . the south
west • line • of Third street,*? 85 ; feet - northwest
from ' Mleylon : Hibernla Savings ' and . Loan So
ciety ' to Kltel ¦ Phillips, - $30,000 •• on ': properties
at '. the : southwest ' corner of ¦ Kills and v Mason
streets ' and . on Stockton, Bush . and' Geary.
streets;: '.^l9BBHi8H|BBI HSPOHuB
: * The Ifirger , releases .were as follows :
1 > George : !«. Payne to Mary i E.Tand J.% H. »Von
Schroeder, for ?20, 000, property on , the east Una
Brokers Are Busy.
Baldwin & Howell are the brokers who
sold. to the Crocker heirs 27:6x137:6 on th>
south line of Geary street, adjoining the
old Calvary Church property. This
tion elves to the Crocker heirs 137:6 feet
on Powell street by 165 feet on Geary, in
total. On the property Is an our two
story frame dwelling.. The price is $4«.7oO-.
Boardman Bros. & Co. sold f or^H.^ H.-
Dana to Douglass S., Watson 91:8x27o feet
on the west line of Main street, 137:6 north
from Howard, and 45 feet on .Beale street
f °A.-*M ' Speck & Co. ijoldfor the Charlea
J. Behlow estate to Edward Demgan.^or
$48,000, the" northwest corner of -Van Nes*
avenue and McAllister 'street, the lot be
ing 60x109:9. They have also - sold : 17«
Hyde street, 22:11x68:9. with frame^ dwell
ing, for Mrs. Pagueto Benjamin H. Har
r Thomas Magee & Sons ' '¦ have sold^ the
southwest corner of Howard and Hubbard
streets for $38,000: 50x87:6 on the north line,
of Ellis street. S7:6 feet easr from
with improvements, for $29,750; northwest
corner of Broadway , and Flllmore street,
60x137:6, for 520,000; southwest corner of
Washington and Flllmore streets, < 102 :8x
Raymond. Baldwin! &' Co. have sold lOrtx
160 bounded by Second," Townsend and
Stanford streets, for Isaac. T. Doane to
Mrs Kv K. Forbes for $25,000: also' for 'G.
D Gray to A. A/ Forater. 50-vara lot ! on
the northeast corner "1 Clay_ and Cherry
streets for $15,000. The same brokers hav.j
leased for two years to Georjre Dornln the
premises occupied by the Canadian Bank
of Commerce on the ooutheaat corner or
Sansome and Bush streets. - 'r'\-
southwest corner of Baker and Washington
streets and lot 25:4^x106:3. for J9500, Mr. Fried
lander taklnsr as part payment for $4000 lot oh
north line of Me AJH'st'r: street, west of Web
ster. 25x85; for Peter Halen. two ¦ flats and lot
24x105. 935 Guerrero street, for $3075; for Mrs.
¦I* J. Harrison, store and upper 1117-19 Mis
sion street and lot 25x83, for $11,500; for Mrs.
L«ahey. lot 60x110. on east line of Devlsadero
stre2t. 77:8^4 south of Jackson, for: $7000; i for
the Monck estate, store nnd fiats, on the south
east corner of Polsom ftreet and HarriBon .ave
nue, for $SOO0; for Herman Hertel. two-story
.residence; 2119 Geary street, for $4000: for Mrs.
Wlnsslnger, lot 200x200, on the northeast corner
of Kentucky and Tulare streets, for $11,275.
Fire in Gambling House.
.The ?«mb!!n? house of 'Wong- Fook. one
of the most notorious "Joints" In China
town, was damaged by flre yesterday
afternoon. The flames originated In. the
roof of the place and ¦were caused by a
defective flue.
Busy.
Hale's. t : . ;;Sale>8. j '•",;.< .. :. .._'. Hale'si /, ... .. | I... Sates. I ,..|- ILda'a.
A new hat— =A new suit.
jWhat to wear for Easter— Where to get it— What to pay for it—The absorbing topics just now.
Easter, next Sunday! The proudest day of the year for womankind. "And we've done everything in our power to give you as much pride for the money
as it's possible to get. That's what makes .. A; , ;
Easter at Hale's===an eveiit of public interest. * 7.
Hale's.this season is not the Hale's it ever was before. Every day must 'see— -does see— an improvement! Every one of us hundreds of helpers are binding
our concentrated energies to make this the ideal shopping center of the West, And the store grows— grows faster than any store we know of ever grew. For
you have faith in it— and its goods. . -'¦..'¦'" . , ¦ ¦'••"''¦'-¦.:*.' ¦'..•/'" '¦ ". ¦>'¦¦¦.' - ' . - ; ' ' •' ¦/ ¦ .¦.'¦••¦•.¦ : - '
Easter millinery. Distinctive ladies' suits.
The Drices and Stvles are all OUT OWn. '¦•. That's the keynote of this Easter Ratherinsr. They are made 'specially for us. That comes
K - • J -.. • , >f .. from buvine so many. . There's the other point which interests so many.
W« don't know of another, display so 'broad and attractive. If you want a Paris modelit's Ollite an fldvflntairp tn'r»ffftAs«» frnm en <rrpat S\
here. So are scores and scores of New York conceptions, but like as;not you'U pick one of our . yuiie an aavanta^e.tO CrTOO>e Trom SO ereai a SIOCK.
own compositions. All in all it's an exhibition of brains, artistic taste and inspirations usch as you Larger variety of materials and styles— wider range of size3. It will rot be difficult to select an ap-
rarely find. .'• propriate Easter suit from so great. a gatherinsr, as is here. For week before Easter we'll show many
This week we show New York's latest styles, just here byexpress New styles just here from the designers.
The newes^effects that only the last ten days develop— dashing in style, rich i» trimming, < We can insure every one a full and satisfactory choosing this week. A stylish scit for $&75.
$5.OO to $25.OO. or as high as you care to go. •
Hairdressing, Manicuring. Finger Purses Dress goods at their best.
On ihs mezzanine floor. - $1.00. Easter buying was never so pleasant or
fd^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^: The; genuine kind,. too,: with ; .satisfactory.
proved quite a convenience in dry goods store along with your shopping. block bottom, and lined with We don't know of a single desirable texture that isn't ;here—
P?O£?4-j^#« Inroc -i-t-irrif-B-linrrC chamois. They have your ini- from the sheer clinging stuffs to the rougher heavier weaver Of
CclbLCr lclCCb a =LriIIllIlIllgP«;.v tials on them. A dollar, our chiefest importance are the light-weight '' goods, among which are
' A lavish display Of beauty. '. P^t^^ .-O^ Alligator voiles^ rena^ ines ' etamines, Henriettas: and crepes.
Not a scarcity -of anything. We were let into fashion's secrets 1 ' Finger Purses ' Easter nOVeltieS ill abundance,
early and provided ourselves in time to get all we wanted before wWIwMjM ¦¦ ? 3'^, , w .* The choicest products of human skilland art. Look at theso.
- ¦ •. ¦f/y/rJ/ia/JGrt 'with black bottom
the demand sent prices skyward;|il|§j W^a^S^J' lined w1 " 1 chamois, Black Silk and Wool Novelties —They contain more silk than wool and
_ •-¦¦¦. # •' iMsMMM} k?rchief Sl 4 e cke h t ai lnI are alm °st as breezy as the lightest cotton textures. Some have fine scren*-
Thp finV^itip^ nrf* here King initial. din = grounds with chenille stripes or tufted bowknots. Others in webliko
1 lie nOVeilieS are IlCre. 'iS^^. AllwLr^Wr leaves with cord effects-^a inches wide, ?2.00 per yard Still others, dotted,
Even New York's latest born creations have Jbeen expressed parses/^aoo • seeded, striped in etamine effects— 41 inches wide, ».1.7B per yard,
to us for this Easter week's. selling. • And what a beautiful show Block '-bottom, double naps, imea with »-**•<•*• i; • ¦• ''"w^ •*"" ¦¦¦•* ¦ •
of laces and trimmings Easter- frocks will reveal. Here's a list ajg|*|?g KlDDOnS.: EaSter SUTpriSeS.
illustrative of prices and varieties: ; . . . . X: . ' Th#» h#»«t nowc v*»t
Persian Appliques in irregular; designs, Persian Allover on white cblffort, small ¦¦T^fxaif%t^f"f\tMMC.-' U T«N 1 . ICYV2> J cl# ,.-:
In black or white, on Persian panne satin, pattern outlined ." -.in .stitchings of gold 1 vaillWl UUaSt — and- iuft -when 'von rari^Fiillv annr«»riar«» it • 'i= '.»>>¦•
1 to 3 inches wide, ooc to 82.50 yard. thread , 88>5O yard . ¦ ¦¦ , ¦ -. an Sf J ust wnen JO* can^iuiiy appreciate it. p*-*d I .
AS?S5. an ii < S ld »^SS B^d? 11 ¥SS ll S Black lace appiiqued on white tuc^ Made of long ostrich^ fiber, That s what makes it so interesting. .- r^fWL
sFi.r.o yaird. .. mousseiine de sole, *o.oo yard. very full. Our stock of these • 1 Qr for thp nrpttiPQ+ civile te\i^)
White Chiffon Applique, 1, to 1»4 inches Persian Panne Satin Allover, floral and ' . , ¦ • roc : c «^ w L IUF llIC P»Cllieal styles. P^^^^L
W persS? e ban? s V O f?o^ rd i2 1-Sc to °" blaCk Silk "^ f°- 5 ? COV *f* f 16 " 5 , 1S U ° W 1600 yards fancy colored stripe neck ribbons, one of thi. \J^M^
•arSwTya^ '. 27 inch Black and Gilt Spangled Net. in complete. We have them season's prettiest patterns, in, white, cream. li*ht blue. Y3f/T
Spangled Netting, gold on white, 81.50 conventional designs, finished in stitchings t hlarW frnm S8 50 to $17 each pink " tur QUOise. cardinal, nile, heliotrope, mais. etc.: the uWxlw
to 95.OO yard. of ecru and gold threads on. black net, in DlacK, lromjPBi.ou.to.VX_< catc hi es t styles for Easter; bought ¦ to sell for 25c. but I tH, '¦
Silver Spangles on white net. 27 Inches 88.OO yard, v ' . In gray, from jpiO to JplT.each. marked for Easter week igc • " ' ' VjJJMSt^
wide. 91.no to .s.'t.no yard. 27-lnch Vermicelli design, Black Tn natural from 812 to *15 each 4 *% ¦ * • 11 .. •" a t>t> j .. « ¦- <^28n***Z^
S ?«S S °" black "*¦ 82 - 00 w SsEffilil,,.! so ,°o ?it Lh! 12c- for .3i-mch taffeta ribbon. mM\
Arabian Lace Galoon. 2% inches wide. ga-Royard* be ? dcd anfl b P an « lea wet ' -¦-.•¦- , 40o yards taffeta, No. 40, 3 3-8 inches wide in \\"^>^^—
fl FVru d oSta? BanJs r and Wave Galoon« White Lace Allover. finished In tracings _ .; white, cream. li K h: blue, cardinal, lilac, violet, browu. \\^}F ?2r?
¦€~!SHSS:: Easter stuffs <iM :^
work 1 !^ heaVy ClOSe nCt Heavy Arabian Lace in floral design. for Confirmation. As to Velvet Blbbon»-^We are showing every width in black and a
. Persian Bands, light colors on white finished ; with heavy cords and rings. _ — HaintvVwWre ? P lend J d assortment of colored velvet ribbons-no famine with us in velvets,
silk, appliqued, on gold cloth. 2M> inches *5.00 yard. . UUT StOCKS Ot aainty ¦ Wtllte StyUsh Easter Bows Tied Free of Charge.
m^^^rn^imim tJ^SSS^^SPSa^^y^SS.ff6 stuffs were never as : complete , — —
Pe B rS O p a nS U s e at.f m "confirmation Veiling.^ 50c, 75c and ™™$ Their quality IS lib- Cott O H SI 1 k-1 1 ke f OU Ifl rrf IOC
design, 2% inches wide. »a.5O yard. 81.OO yard. : . ; : erally represented. vvtUVll 47111V lli\v lUUlul U
~ ~ -,,-. T T ~~£ s White Batistes (48 inches), 5Oc, A dainty, filmy fabric. Cotton makes it strong, silk finish
44 = pieCe tea SetS $0.4.0.? & inch). I5c makes {t > ett y- Every yard is full of grace and beauty. Grounds
.. V £ .. 1 - r-+X^i; 2Oc, 25c yard. ofmauve, French navy blue, purple and black, on which are white
The latest news from the crockery store. w*^g. »<"¦ dots and figures. \VtJ^,M^^^.m&:i S £tSm^
i^^^MM^^V^^^^MM^ Whi^Or^ndr^^h); 25o; andwe've been in business twentv-five years..
These three items will make scores of new friends for us. - . .; . French Mull* (68 ' inch) 50c 9 th9 * Foulards at 15c— In all^ new shades; choice patterns and excellent
This China Set at 90.40— Is prettily decorated with' lilac—air of the 44, 75c 91.00 91.25 yard. ' ™ v *J ue - .
pieces are gold lined. It is an extra value at $6.49. • - _ .,' .:.'..,".. , Dimities and Batistes, 15c— Some 2000 yards, including fifty of the newest
Tea Tiles, 15c each—A necessity in every household. Very pretty ones in ThiS- French NainSOOk and catchiest patterns. The shadings are works of master colorists.
square shape, set off with Dresden decorations, spray centers. Will Be Quite Popular. - — ——————^_
Icecream Sets, 92.04 — n pieces, consisting of 12 plates and a ' large, oblong It's a new material. It has weight nf*9nAf*1AC "sfjTk'i* C?*^«*5 «^ «Ts« -
tray lined with gold and. decorated with sprays of foliage. and .-stanchness'' m --every t fiber '^48 i/1 aUWl lW3 1 \J k
- ¦ - • ¦-¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦¦ • • ¦..¦.¦'¦•' : inches wide), 30c, 40c,4oc, 60c. * * «^
• -i ' j . - : -, ~ ¦ ¦ Our drapery store on the eecond floor bristles with fine valuts. Pour of them:
Kites and garden sets. in the i~^;^sEg^^su^a!^a^^a^-^^^*'s?
. V Garden 6 cte. ; Thr« oth CT ' r.mindors from the^ third DoWnStairS Store. c^^^oAf^^J^f^H^^L^^S^
Three uieces made of malleable iron noor— ¦ . ..... them In advance of your wants and gave tome money. Per pair 1771. TK*»
32 inches long..... .25c "Blue Hill Box Kites— 25c. \ Among other things are these— ff-.f.^.^f.V. 1 . .?.!v"!fA.^^
. ' l *>wHEBSBaMgggg B g BB _ M ___ B j BaBa Baa«H»^ , . . Washboards — good ones ilQc 1< "<ssss8BiWWBBBWBiaM^
' ' .' ¦ -¦ — . .. ; 100 clothes pins ~L'2c \. f .«»••¦- - -••'•*». ' .'" -" ¦ ¦'
Market Street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate Avenue. Clothes wringers..... ........ .....81.23 , ;Warket Street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate Avenue.
flGPRUNE
Ceree^l
I Fruit 1
I A/L°Y I
V 4O%/
A Perfect F^pdDrint
'¦'¦:.{ Made from the -.'choicest'
fruits i andv cereals \ grown/
in California.
Possesses a. delicate iflayor 1
ami 7 aroma not found in-
any otlier'Gereal'Goffee.
; All grocers sell it.
DEATHS.
Continued From 'Page Thirty.
honey, a native of ¦ San Francisco, aged 1
year 3 months and 18 days.
¦i C7Frlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock." from the residence of
- her parents, . Fourteenth avenue and J street.
Sunset district. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . - .
PARTELLO— In Oakland. March 29. 1901.' Wal-
ter Scott.' beloved husband of Ella Partello.
ron of ..Helen Hudson, and brother of D. T.
. and A. ; C. . Partello, a native of New York,
aged K% years 11 months and 9 days.
PFAEFFLE— In Cebu. Philippine Islands. Feb-
¦ ruary 3, - 1901. Krnest • Pfaef fle, formerly -with
Twenty-third Regiment, a native of Ger-
many, ¦ aged 30 yeaiMnaiBBMasflBB
POXLEITNER— In this city, March 80. 1901.
at her residence, - C29 Jessie street. Margaret
Foxleltner. dearly beloved wife of John Pox-
leltner, adopted mother of Lulu Hecker Pox-
- leitner, ' and ¦ sister of- Jacob Pfeffer of San
¦ Jose, a -native of Eywlller. Canton - DruUn-
gen, Alsace, , aged 70 years 11 months and 27
days; . . .7^MfcsJB"s>Mt»»>j|s^issB|BWB8iBSgBM
PRINCE— In this city, March 29. 1901, Fran-
ces i Prince, dearly beloved daughter of Wil-
liam and -Margaret Prince, and stater of
Phoebe, ¦ Catharine and the late . Margaret
Prince, - a ¦ native of San Francisco, * aced 20
days. ¦U33'ySfK"WPMQHBWK£SH9l
RALSTON— In this city. March, V. 1901, Gavin
' Ralston, a native of Scotland, aged 64 years
: |[7Frtends and acaualntances are respect-
I r, fully ¦ invited , to attend * the funeral : this day
I ¦;> (Sunday). . at . 10 o'clock, ¦¦ from •. the mortuary
.chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
', pany,'; 2425 -Mission '.street,, near Twenty-first.
, , A member .of, Unity Lodge No. ¦ II. K. of . P. ;
, " also a s member - of Mission • Lodge ; No. 169
F.'and A. M.; s Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
.. tery, , by. electric funeral car : from- corner of
. Guerrero . and - ; Twentieth' streets • at 10:30
o'clock. . . :. CSFQHHbmbBRB
ROLANDO— In this' city. March 30, 1901. John.
; dearly . beloved husband of •. Mrs. ¦ Mary Ro-
. lando. " and ; father; of Attlllo. v Katie and Al-
,'-'- blna ; Rolando, :? a ¦¦ native ; of Italy, <. aged 55
years and * I . months. . — , . -.
,-•..- VT Friends and acquaintances • are respect -
..".. fully ; Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Monday), at t o'clock, from his late nMi.
fully Invited to attend the funftralto-mSroir
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from th» partorm of
th« Henry J. Gallagher Company, 20 PlfUl
street, thenc* to St. Ann's Church. Colrna.
s*n Mateo County, where a solemn reqnltm
maaa will be celebrated for the repoM of her
u u i lf cowm'neins »t 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. March ». 1901. Ctoorr*
N. J., beloved husband of Catherine Smith, a
native of New York City, aced M years 10
months and 1 day.
. CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully Invited to attend the funeral thU day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his lat* resi-
dence, 103 Congress street, corner Masonla
avenue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.;
STEWART — In Demlnr. New Mexico, Febru-
ary 19. 1901, George E. Stewart, beloved hus-
band of Emma E. Stewart, a native of
Washington. D. C. aced 37 yean 11 months
and IS days. .
C7 Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via eleetrlo
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
TEMPEL-In this city, March 30. 1301. John
, Georsre Valentine Tempel. a native of Peta-
luma. Sonoma County, CaL. aged 20 years S
months and » days.
TEMPLETON— In this city. March tt. 1101,
Horatio Mauser Temoleton. beloved husband
of Phoebe Temoleton. a native of Vermont,
aged CO years 8 months and. 17 days. A mem-
ber of Masonic Lodge ot San Mateo; also a
member of Scottish Rite, Md. of Burlloxton.
VL;IO. O. F. of Halfmoon Bay. and a!
O. U. W. of San Mateo. (Vermont papers
please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company 2-c-j
Mission street, near Twenty-flrst. Intermeut
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by Southern Paclflo
train from Valencia and Twenty-fifth streets
station at 11:30 o'clock. Masonic service* at
cemetery on arrival of 1 o'clock train from,
San Mateo.~MBJp«jBnVHMNM0BBpi
WARIV- Passed away. In this city.. March *J.
1901, James William Ward Jr.. Infant and
only son ot Dr. James W. and Florence N.
Ward.
(Cl^trrment private.
WOODRUFF— In Manila. P. I.. March M. UOL
Virginia. ¦ daughter of Colonel Charles A.
Woodruff.' U. S.'A.. C. 9. S. Department, and.
Louise DuB Woodruff, a native of San Fran- '
dsco. aged 11 years 8 months and 5 days.
YOAKUM— In Oakland. March 29. 1901, Viola'
" Myrtle Yoakum, daughter of Mrs. J. Alonso •
Sweet, and sister of Jessie. Elmer and Stella'
. Yoakum and Mr*. E. A. Young, a nativ* of
. California, . aged 18 years 1 month and U
days. -';{9^BMSMBhMPWWBKbVRbb1
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect- ?
- fully Invited to attend the funeral services "
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
residence of Mrs. B. A. Young, Kl • Ualoo
•treet. Interment prtTate. - ¦,-#%
AJ|VEB.TTfrF.TVrKTTTS.
GLOVES I
FOR EASTER. |
nnp LADIES, MEN, i
riJK MISSES AND BOYS. |
LADIES'lGLOVES. 1
Our spring importation, in all |
the newest shades, for k
$1.00. 91.23. $1.50 and U
$2.OO. g
Are the most reliable, durable E
and perfect fitting cloves in p
Anierica. - H
MI «ES* and BOYS' GLOVES |
Finest quality in all sizes for H
GCc, 75c, S3e and ? l.OO. |
HEN'S GLOVES. 1
In Dogskin and Kid. for walkincr H
and driving, 5Oc. 75c. (l.OO, H
$1.50 and $2.00. |
Ladies' and Misses' Fabrics from y
15c uo. R
MOSS' GLOVE STORE 1
. I2IO MARKET STREET, 5
B*t. Taylor and Jom«. H
I-- Friedman' s Furniture I
lj t Is Not Hard to A f\V. \
U find grace, ongi- | Ui ' t\^^itt I
| nality, comfort and B J^j£ I llsiKr^fjf I
I] good workmanship in || F"^*^]|j |
jj the same chair. Oar iBP^tff I
I? buyer found hundreds. This ~ * =^T1i I
u damask"- upholstered oak, H
r] golden finish, is one. You i<:i^"^ : ili H
H would like it in most any - |fij| g
|| room — especially boudoir, i^y^^^^^|i ' P
jj reception 'or, for your desk. T^^^^^^^^Mfl I
I! Different patterns of dam- ¦rl^^s' 1 , rW^^^H P
ojk covered Beat $1.95 ; 1
1 A Baronial Hall Tree . F"^ I I
I %kj''/w/ il i A k' eat> stron 9 Tabie I
|! M$j\J& l&l * Golden oak; 24 inch top; handy shelf. P
|| r^^^^S^^^^^" ' For parlor, or small tea table $1.45 . |
Massive Oak, carved by the hand of W^s^^^^B m
a' master. French plate mirror 36x42 fj" a ""^n| n H
Inches. 7# feet high, 5X wide $125. E H V |
Handsome hall-trees $50, 30, 20 down ff 11 • i
to $5 for a goldeifoak f or small halls. V ra
June Roses on a Field of Gold, I
Crimson, Emerald— «very hue— festooned, wreathed and massed In Hilton If
f [fare Rap. 27X 54 inches, silken fringed ends. Regularly $1.50— 95 Cts. M
Smith's Moquette Riigs-T-J.50 I
Flowered designs on a velvety, high pile ground rival the colors of nature. H
A favorite piano rug. 27x54 inches. Regularly, worth J2.50 — $1.50, U
Bundhar Wilton Rugs— 2.75 1
Lustrous, Wilton texture, patterns and colorings that only a dreamy Orl- n
enta could conjure. 27x54 In: has never sold for less than $4.oc>-$2J5.' P
Unlimited choice of pattern in these, bat only one of a kind to a purchaser. * : " ff
VZ'IZ M. fRIEftrtf& GO. «k.|
ALL COOPS MARKED IN PLAIN, FIGURES. I