SCENES ALONG DOCKS SHOWING MEANS TO WHICH^EiVlPLbYBRSRBSORTi-
Continued on Second Page. '
False "Report That Striker Had Been
» Killed.
The Morgue officials were greatly ex
cited at 5:50 o'clock last evening when a
telephone message was received directing
that the Morgue wagon be immediately
dispatched to the corner of • Sixth 'and
Townsend streets, where, it was reported,
a. striker had been murdered.
At the same moment the request was
made to send a detachment of police to
Hhe scene In order that a number of non-
MOBXJTJE "WAGON-. NOT NEEDED.
-\Come Back. .
.The . Beer Bottlers'- Protective Assocla-"
tlon Issued a stktement yesterday that the
employes of its members who were locked
out last Friday. must return to work be
fore the expiration of this week and 1 un
der the conditions In . the ; circular !
which was posted the day of the lock-out ']
The feature of- the circular Vas that the
beer bottlers Intended to , run ! their - own
business and In future delegates or^ com
mittees of the union would noV be^recog-'
nlzed. About 100 * men are "concerned in
the lock-out. 1 '
The bottling, establishments; are all
working with full crews of new menu
BEEB-BpTTIiEBS' STATEMENT.
Willing, to Let Locked-Out Employes
The members of Teamsters' Union No.
228/vwho are mostly sand and' brick team
sters, were .willing and In. some Instances
desirous of striking, not" because they en-~
tertalned'any ill-feeling toward their em
ployers . because they sympathise .; so
fuily/wlth the striking teamsters. ".- They
empowered their : executive committee ta
act in case an emergency should arise.
the - executive .committee offered for the
sudden change was that the strike situa
tion;locked x so favorable to the strikers
that they did "not ; want to Jeopardize the
welfare 1 of ', the "community _. any further by
calling out" more unions.
Decide Not to Go Out.
Teamsters* Union No. 228 held a meet-
Ing last night at 1159 Mission street and
decided not to go out. on a ¦ sympathetic
strike this morning. They reversed the
decision ,-of the previous evening on the
advice of the executive committee o* the
Labor Council,' .whose . * members were
present at the meeting. The reason which
Members of Teamsters' Union 22S
SAKD HATJLEBS DEFER STRIKE.
carry to Eureka . was . on the dock when
the .vessel pulled out. ¦ . . • ;
:: The owners of .the Pomona fared' even
.worse with their .vessel;' the State of Cali
fornia,'which was due to leave for soiitti-^
ern ports at 10 a; m. yesterday. Hundreds*
of ; tons fof freight are on the. wharf and
not a man can- be secured to handle it.
Every man of her crew is out on strike
also, and the chances of the .vessel sailing
thlsweek are very slim. It is themoat
complete case of Vtie-up" along the front.
Chinese Handle Co'ptic's Freight^
' Over at .the ' Mail ' dock the ! steamship
Coptic, is ; being prepared^ to sail '- to-mor
row. . It* is thought -ithat she will succeed
in getting out on 'time,^though the Chi
nese ; who are handiing her cargo are very .
slow. ; Captain picked .up every
available ' rnan. on , the , water , front", early
yesterday,; morning ; and put .them ' work
with;theChinesejCrew;of.the vessel., .Un
der .'.the i leadership"; "of 'the • captain,";'who
took 'off ; his „ cpat^and worked- with them,
a considerable quantity of , the cargo was
put -aboard .-. the ' vessel; ¦ The ¦- teamsters,"
however,' , were constantly /arriving i with
large j. consignments. - . To 'get- the jvesSel
loaded; to 'enable : : her ,to leave, as .'sched
uled-wlll'require a herculean efforton" the
merchandise was ; hauled to " : the . wharf,"
where. It was; handled with such rapidity
«nd skill that no congestion was nossible.
The one : place where the result of -the
strike ' was not ¦ apprent was at the • dock
where the : steamship Sierra was loading^
She Is scheduled to sail to-day , ; and; every,
effort was " made- to" make It possible • for
her .to Cleave on time.' Ton after, tonjof
• - -struggle. . While many . teams
were engaged in* hauling freight of i every,
description there seemed fa be .little ac
complished. • Load after load of many dif-:,
ferent kinds of articles was hauled to the
front and landed on the docks, where the
goods remained, despite . the efforts of
quite." a ; large number of amateur long
shoremen to stow. them into the cavernous
depths of the vessels awaiting cargoes.
There* was no lack of activity on the front,
but t there t was : considerable waste of -: en-:
ergy. '?< The ¦ men ' who : took ; the places /of
the strikers were' willing /workers, but
they ¦ lacked a . knowledge of } the , methods
of the ' skilled longshoremen, « and though
they tolled and : sweated for • hours, 7 , made :
little impression. upon the pile's' of freight
which .1 the , teamsters landed on :the>
¦wharves.
p«n-^ HE effects of the strike were more
I noticeable yesterday on the front
I ' than on any day since the com
• --.'.~. mencement of the. great labor
'The. Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Pomona .was scheduled to : sail ¦ yesterday,
afternoon at 2 o'clock, but was unable to
getaway until after 4, owing to the delay
In handling "the: cargo. Her freight. was
handled ;. by her crew - and two gangs of
Portuguese and; Italian laborers. Most of
them -were -fishermen, 'and though .they
possessed .'• immense \ strength . and worked
with a will - they : - knew ; nothing of the'
means of \ handling ¦; stores. ,. A number! of
large pieces-of /machinery were waybilled
for "the \ Pomona.and i the • men, unused ' as
they/ were ; to '/ slinging :, ; and ' moving ! ma
chinery, • struggled f ; f or^ hours ; before ifthey,
succeeded in }i getting y- even i the * lightest
pieces aboard the .vessel. \ As the time ap
proached for the vessel : to ; leave -those _^in
charge attempted to - hurry^the efforts fof
the'j perspiring i flsherf oik, 1 ,*with t the 'result
that y they o became i nibre V , hopelessly ; in
volved. It finally ; became apparent to the
master of * the ; vessel / that % departure J on
schedule ' time \was impossible * and ( orders
were Issued ; to cease . loading. 1 } Fully] one-*
half the cararo which the Pomona^ was , to'
'Agangof fifty men handled the goods ori
the dock/ while the crew of j the vessel;
stowed It away in shipshape style aboard
the ship. The Sierra leave to-day on
time and with a full crew. • ' . v '-.;,
Pomona Leaves With. Half Cargo:
Despite the Aid Given by the: Natives of. the Far East the Steamship Pomona -Is Gompelled
to Leave With On 1\^ Half a Cargo— -The Sierra Is Fully Laden, Has. a Complete ? Grew
and Will :Leave on Time To- Day— Many, Coasters Enter Harbor and Join Tied- Up Fleet
ORIENTALS COME TO RESCUE OF SHIP-OWNERS
AND HANDLE FREIGHT THAT IS LEFT BY STRIKERS
In 'Its efforts to resume operations -the
American Can Company Is preparing to
offer special Inducements to the men. . In
order that they may not be subjected to
the Jeers and assaults of the strikers 'they,
•will be boarded at the factory. Superin
tendent J. Lee stated yesterday that a
number of . the men who had struck had
come to him and asked. to be returned to
their work. He also said that if the ef
forts of the company" to start up the fac
tory were defeated by the strikers cans
would be imported from the East to sup
ply the canneries..
The . American Can , Company, which
closed Its factory yesterday and threw 400
men and 'women out of employment, is
making a great effort to again resume
operations, If only on a small scale. Thus
far the company has been able to supply
the canneries from the stock which it had
on hand. This supply. will soon be ex
hausted. The canning season is now at
Its height and to close down at this period
would mean an Incalculable loss, both to
the owners of the canneries and their em
ployes."
Supply Canneries.
American . Can ! Company Will Try to
FACTORY MAY RESUME WOKK.
FURTHER negotiations., in "which
Mayor : Phelan acted as interme
diary between strikers and em
ployers, were conducted, yester
¦'.. day. The following statement, Is
sued by the: Mayor last night, , embodies
the. results:
I. received to-day the following letter: '.' .
City. Front : Federation, » nonthwest
cornel- of East and Mission.
'"'.SAX FRANCISCO, July 31, 1001.
- Hon. James . I>. Phelan, Mayor, San
Krancieco,' Ca.1. — -Sin '-As -per; your
request, the Clfy, Front Federation
hereby submit* the following propo
sitions as a bails for'the re-estab
lishment of peace:
; The Employers' Association i»grrees
that its members will not dl«crlm
inate against any employer of la
bor because such employer chooses
to' employ union men only.
¦ The Employers' Association agrees
that Its members Will not discrim
inate again sit any, employe 'because
he -chooses- for "reasons .sufficient to
himself to be ! a « memb er ." of a labor
'organization..
The Employers' Association agreed
that "all employes who are : locked
out 5 or . trho have quit worlc on ac
count of the existing difficulty shall
be reinstated. - Labor - organizations
agree-. that any. member who is em
ployed shall,' while In such employ,
obey ; any . orders given to him con
cerning the worlc to be ¦ performed.
Whenever any difficulties arise be
tween employers and employes, no
strike ' or " lockout shall be ' Insti
tuted-until the parties' In Interest
shall have done all in their power
to adjust their difficulties. •
By order of the City Front Federa
tion.
JOHN KE AN, Acting: President.
¦¦'. , THOMAS. WESTOH Y, Rec. Sec.
:, .Adopted July ao, 1OO1."
, Upon the receipt of . this . letter I asked " that
a '¦ meeting of . the • directors of- the Employers' -
Assbctation* be' called,". in order.' that* It might
be "considered. '• After '. a ' long conference with'
that ; body I , find this to be the " situation :
'\ The employers • say' that all the 'points .in-,
%-olved 'were' fully ' covered -^ln 5 Mr. ¦-. Michael's
letter of .' July" 29 and . my accompanying state-'
ment," published in the press of July 30, and. by
which the' employers say they will stand and
hive so 'written, me this "evening.
¦.''-' Again, : : as"" to the federation's letter, ' the em
ployers .sayl that 1 they, ., as _ sreviously; stated,
shall "not discriminate against any 'employer of
labor ., because "such employer chooses \ to ; em
ploy' union men only, 1 nor will they discriminate
'against any; employe; because 'he chooses to* be
a •member, of ; a .labor ' organlzatloi ..
i The I association (.will - recommend K to the. em-'
ployers '. to '; reinstate ", their ; men * now , out," ¦:', and
believes ' .that nearly : all men ; will be . , taken
back; ¦ but,' . as • in . the case ¦ of .' the , teamsters.
some permanent men have been employed who
cannot now be ¦ dismissed, bavins been prom
ised .work at regular ¦wages if they choose' to
remain after the strike. The difficulties in this
respect, the employers say, are growing every
day and the sooner the men decide to so back
the more men will get their old employment.
They can go back when they on their part
agree, .In addition to obeying orders and sub
mitting grievances to their employers, promise
not" to attempt to coerce employes to join
unions . or employers to unionize, their places
of business. ¦
¦- The employers say If, these things are done
In good faith there need be no farther trouble. ¦
The only substantial difference between the
two sides now is as to the restoration of the
men to employment. As the great majority
of them can go back without question the in
terests at stake demand on the part of the
leaders a quick solution of the difficulties.
: The Employers'; Association , does not deal v
directly with w such questions.' but It w!H. the
directors say, recommend," for, instance, to the
Draymen's .Association to take. back its men.
It was intimated at' the meeting by a director
that the Draymen's Association could possibly
take back all except ten or twelve. Certainly
a little matter; like this should not keep men'
apart.' ' Even if the ten . or twelve were asked
to sacrifice themselves . for peace. the Brother
hood of Teamsters could take care of them In
some other ,way and ultimately It would no
doubt be- made right. /
I hope -this solution will be accepted and so
end the lockout and sympathetic strike, which,
Is doing great injury to city and State. The.
wheat crop cannot be shipped; manufacturing
plants * have difficulty In getting fuel; our
steamer fleet has been in part ' ordered by
wire to go to northern. ports; building opera
tions will be suspended for lack of material and
the building trades will suffer correspondingly
and so the other Industries. . The tte-up can
be broken without bringing new men to town
by a settlement, and I think the two sides
are near . enough" to" come together and end
the strife. ; JAMES O. PHELAN.
THE City Front Federation ' issued
yesterday a new proposal as y a
basis for settlement of • the ques
tions that led to the general strike
on the docks and in the adjoining
districts. It embodies In a. somewhat
modified form the propositions first ad
vanced by the labor leaders. Mayor
Phelan submitted it to the Employers 1
Association, but tangible results have not
been reached.
The second day of the strike passed al
most without sensational incident. -' The
strikers conducted themselves in the main
with dignity and self-control and the em
ployers who are struggling to keep busi
ness moving In spite of labor's disaffec
tions went about their tasks with cheer
fulness and forbearance. However.des
perate the situation, the strike has as yet
taken on but little of the bitterness and
desperations that often make reigns i of
terror of labor struggles.
The relative advantages of the sides in
the contest were not materially changed
during the day. -More. men..w«re called
out, the Porters'., Packers' and ."Ware
housemen's Union and • the ¦ Sailors'
Union being particularly active .- in
reaching ¦ additional men. • *¦ More- than
a, hundred, additional porters walked
out In the wholesale district, and the de
sertion of posts on the docks and aboard
the Bhips was of hourly occurrence.
The sand teamsters, 600 strong, will quit
¦work this morning and Join the army of
strikers. The teamsters who have been
in charge of the fifteen wagons of the Pa
cific Transfer Company have been called
out by the Brotherhood of Teamsters.
They will not report for duty this morn-
Ir.g. General Passenger Agent Goodman
v. as In' consultation with other passenger
c gents yesterday. 'trying to devise means
to prevent the traveling public from suf
fering Inconvenience. If the transfer
companies find it Impossible to move bag
gage the hotels may secure wagons and
teams and themselves attempt to haul
the baggage of their guests.
The strikers were thick on the streets
throughout the day, and, - as on the first
day, they were orderly, and nothing ap
proaching a riot occurred. A report at S
o'clock that a striker had been killed at
Sixth and Townsend streets aroused new
apprehension of violence and bloodshed,
but the report proved to be false.
. "When the mounted police arrived they
¦were amazed to find no one save a boy or
two In sisht.' r *? f .
The Morgue officials as well as the police
are- assured they were the victims of prac
tical jokers. If the identity' of the indi
viduals who sent the telephone. messages
is discovered -he will be made to realize
that he cannot play such pranks with im
punity. •...-. yV : --v';
Towhsend streets the search for the body
of the dead striker ¦was begun. Strangely
enough the.' excited crowd that might be
expected to gather about the scene of .a
shocking murder was not in evidence nor
could any one be found who had heard of
any, such event.
assault by strikers.
,Both requests ..were complied witE
without loss of time. When the Morgue
wagon reached the corner of Sixth and
union workers might be protected against
More Men Are Called Out; 'Increasing' the Total :to "14,000,"
but Employers Partly Fill and Business , Is
Not Suspended on the- Docks or in Wholesale -District
Mayor Presents, Proposed Agreement to' Employers' Asso
ciation, -Whose Directors That Items Contained
" jn It Have Been ¦ Discussed— Phelan Issues Statement
NEW BASIS OF PEACES IS OFFERED
BY THE CITY FRONT FEDERATION
STRIKERS MAINTAIN A DIGNIFIED
ATTITUDE AND RIOTS ARE UNKNOWN
T^USINESS is greatly
£~~J hampered but not
suspended as result
of strike, and ship managers
and wholesalers are suc
ceeding in moving freight.
labor leaders submit a slightly modified proposal,
But the strike situation still remains unchanged
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
'r?URTHER Ucorifer- [¦'•
j[* ences yesterday, Jn
which Mayor^ Phelan
acted as intermediary, failed
of tangible. results, but\lnew
hope of { settlement is felt?-*-
VOLUME XC^-NO. 62.
SSAN F^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.TYPICAL SCENES IN THE .« 'DANGER DISTRICT."
Continued on Page Seven,
SAN JOSE, July SL— The big strike now
on in San j-randsco win undoubtedly
turn considerable profit Into the channels
of trade here. Already negotiations - have V
been made by several San Francisco pack
ing houses to have their fruit handled by.
local concerns. The Sorosis Company of
Gubserville yesterday received three car
loads of apricots from Hay-wards and ex
pects more to-day and on to ¦ the close of
the season. Other canning and drying
institutions count on handling bay fruit
In a short time.
Sa*n Jose Heaps Profit.
would be about right. ' I then added to the
notice: I sent to all of our members- (which
contained a copy of letter received by me from
the Brotherhood - of Teamsters) • the following:
"You will .-.* therefore so to secretary of
Brotherhood of Teamsters, 672 Fourth' street,'
and Ket order from secretary for the number,
of . drivers you absolutely need , for . Saturday.
Do this not later than 6 p. m. Friday, May
17, 1201. ' * GEORGE RENNER,
- .' ' . ''Manager Draymen's Association."
Upon our members applying for drivers the
•brotherhood Dosltlvely ¦ refused • drivers for ¦ any
work except ' perishable. They refused a driver
to Jo the Overland -, Freight • and Transfer - Com- !
pany- to- transfer Government -mail, ..When- I ¦
asked' Mr. Hardus-if he' really.' meant thi3 J;e
countermanded' and consented. .;The S." Jacobs
Company 'applied, for two drivers, to deliver,
drugs*to the. different hospitals/" as J. J. Mack,
& Co. have these contracts to deliver the medi
cines', to -these- -hospitals, on Saturdays only."
They told-- Mr.' 1 Jacobs .to "- — with It: ¦¦' let
them, wait. till; Monday."-' We found out that
,they. would'flne: any of their, members -$5' Itj
they worked without . this . permission • from the
Brotherhood- of: Teamsters. ., This is "only; two
ofythe'riiany refusals made to ¦ our members. "
5 On ' May ¦ 15, - 1901, - Air. Casey walked into the
(Office of • the - ! Overland- Freight >andi Transfer
Company and told Mr.' C. L. Tllden, ;proprietcr
of said company ;'• VI "notify you u now, com-'
mencing to-morrow ; morning*, * you will : not be
allowed to haul a J pound of freight to or from
DunhAm, Carrlgan,- Hayden & Co., as Dunhan,
Carrigan, Hayden & <-Co.' were mixed up with
the Truck and -..Wag-on Builders' strike on at
that time." 1 1 accidentally happened to "call at
the office of the ' Overland Freight and Trans
fer Company when.. Mr. Casey was there, and;
Mr.C.iL. Tllden, myself and Mr. Casey talked
.the matter over. ..* We, told Mr. . Casey that I he
must not carry, out^thjs order; that the Dray
men's Association :¦ would . not stand ' for . such
an order, and , that • if it was attempted to be
enforced any man; -refusing; to. do 'that work
would., be discharged, and finally to - avoid
trouble, if possible," I sent the following letter:
¦ ... -V- i .-. .- -._ -..-.; .,. "May 16,1901.".
VTo the Officers and'Members of .the Brother
hood- of Teamsters— Gentlemen:- Being in
formed by your , representative, Mr.' : Casey. .that
. certain teamsters , contemplate | refusing to ¦ do
certain -. work of • a ' • member j of ' our • association,'
we beg to. call -your attention to the agreement
signed December ! 19. 1 1900, " under the | terms .of
which it was agreed- that all grievances should
be adjusted betyeen- us.;- If .that agreement is
still to be considered in force, its terms should
be compiled with, « and | if, there j Is- any • matter
j which | would by . anyi possibility lead i to a . rup
ture of ,the ." relations ; at - present existing :be
tween any of * your " members- and » any • of " our
members.-then such matters should be present
ed to the two grievance committees,' which now
exist ' under; the ..above 5 agreement. :.'¦ We ; there
fore, have, to request 4 that your grievance ] com
mittee meet with" our ¦ grievance committee , at
any . time and at', such place as may be agree-:
able to them, and we, feel confident that a solu
tion I of ' any differences . may 'be 'best * found I in
conference. ;. We, hope » full, :'•: careful '• and calm
consideration . of * this k whole • matter'; may •.pre
vail, and that your: action i may, not '.precipitate'
a strike which would . be the .very greatest ; ln-
SAN "DIEGO, July SL— The effects of tha
San Francisco strikes are being- felt heav
ily in Southern California. Prices of vege
tables and fruits have advanced, that of
potatoes being marked. Some San Fran
cisco houses have instructed local a-renta
not to make shipment of goods, and prod
ucts from the northern part of the State
are being received In very limited Quanti
ties. Advices have been received from,
San Francisco merchants saying- they
could not promise to fulfill orders during
the strike, as they could not move tnelr
goods. - •
Prices Else in San Diego.
Jury that could b« .Inflicted upon; this .city.
Tours truly, DRAYMEN' 8 ASSOCIATION, • .
¦' '¦«'¦ j '¦' '-"--. • i "By > George Renner." «
On May ¦ 17, ¦ 1901, - the ; Draymen' s Association
received the following, reply; ' ¦ .^. • ¦¦¦¦; -----
•; "To : the Draymen's - Association, • Mr.' George
Renner,- Manarer—Dea.r.1 Sir: c,Your commnnlca
.tion' of 'the-, 16th'-inst.'.;at l -.nand .and' cdritents
noted, -and aa -the -'business ; ls -of > Vast •Im
portance we would I prefer to' hold I i the I confer
ence asked this evening,- and 'as. your office has
been our meeting room, i wo will endeavor to Be
. present : at 8 p.* ¦ m; : .With', best wishes, .. I re
main yours,,"' -/•-..'; -,'¦-.,*¦ *¦*¦-¦<¦ -
, : - ."JOHN MCLAUGHLIN,: Secretary." -
' " Association to Brotherhood.-^ "^i>. '¦-
',' -: Two days '. later than 'the ".last ** named data
we again . met in conference - and i took j up - this
matter. '.I In the meantime,' aj-\," MeNab • of . Mc-
Nab- & ¦ Smith', was '"¦ given -the same order"* that
he -would '• not * be , allowed ' to haul .a: pound -of
freight - to or. from; George. W.Gtbhs & Co.
Both -of , : these orders Cwere finally called off,
but ' only after ' long ' wrangling and many 'dis
putes." In i view , of • the ; many threats , of | strike
andV tha - repeated ,' actions, -of :'«.the r. brotherhood
In utter disregard of their agreement;- we pre
sented the following -to the grievance: comnrUt-
Itee of the 'Brotherhood "of Teamsters: "~ vr r ¦:
:,.:it any proposition -which; will) in^any way --'
affect the , relations 'of the brotherhood • and I
• any of 'Its -members' -with \the Draymen's'-..
;¦ . Association, - ; or '•- any • , of ? its- .-< members, - Is ,- . ;
-¦^brought before 'the meeting of "either party,'
¦"'-"hereto,* then; the ; same' shal"K>b» referred '¦ to" !
.-"".; a, '. committee, and no-' action - shall" be taken' *
1 -• thereon • until » a conference '. Is held j between
* ; the parties * hereto, ." and in no event shall '
, manufacturing industries of the
city will be seriously crippled by a coal
famine. This is a result which is at pres
ent causing the greatest worry to the
merchants and factory owners. Accord
ing to a very liberal estimate, which was
made yesterday afternoon by a prominent
coal merchant, there are not more than
30,000 tons of coal on hand at . the present
time. . This supply, it is admitted, cannot
possibly last more than two weeks at the
utmost. , ' ."'..
Several of the merchants have colliers
now on their way from British Columbia.
These colliers are each laden with about
10,000 tons, but .' It Us -very doubtful if,
when they arrive in port, they can be un
loaded. The union stevedores certainly
will not touch them and thus far the
merchants : have hot been able - to secure
non-union men to-any appreciable extent
The Czarina and* Bristol; which arrived in
port' yesterday, tJ are J . hoth ; . tied up.' • A I few
other colliers are In, -but 5 ' stevedoresican
not be induced to raise i a single shovel
ful.:-;.. I-..;-,';*.:."- - M: : -^ .'^ V : V';U
¦fclttia generally, admitted -that if the Im
portant. 1 manufacturing, plants are * forced
to close their doors; the >business industries
of: the' city' will 'receive' a- setback -from
which . they .will ?. not .' recover "Jfor "• years.
The J strikers . appreciate ' this • and are' en
deavoring to, make the tie-up as complete"
as possible,- as they believe: that". through
this I channel the merchants and employers
will be the quicker compelled to listen to
their demands.- • : ¦*— -¦¦, • ¦ -
• The merchants • are experiencing • the
SHOULD the tie-up' in 1 the water
front district be continued in force
for the next two weeks' or even
for the next week and a half, the
any action be taken on any such question .
nt the same meeting at which it is intro
duced. ¦. . ¦ . ¦ ¦
¦In case any grievance cr dispute arises be
tween any member of the brotherhood and
any member of the Draymen's Association,
it Is agreed that the matter shall be care
fully considered and investigated, and that
each party to that dispute shall giro tha ,
other a hearing, and if possible, the same
shall be adjusted between them: but of they
are • not able to agree, then saJd matter
shall be referred to the manager or' other
executive officer, and that party shall en
deavor to adjust the- same with tae executive
officer of the other party: but If they cannot
effect a settlement thereof, tlien the same
shall be referred to a Joint meeting . of a
Btandlng committee of. five frsmeach of the
parties to this agreement : aid if such com- '
mitten are not abla* to 'agree upon a settle
ment : within one month :*fter their Joint
meeting, then the matter shall be submitted ;
to a .board of arbitration,'' consisting of five
persons, two to be selected by - the Dray
men's. Association.' twd •- by tha brother-.,
hood, and these four /to choosa the. fifth
member, "and the decision " rendered by this -.
board of arbitration U to be- binding on all
parties. ' / V - V .
It is distinctly agreed . and understood
that all differences ' now or heretofore - ex
iBtln-r between the parties hereto have been
adjusted < on the :- terms „ set forth in this
agreement; and each ' party - hereto promises
and. agrees to ' its _ best endeavors to
greatest difficulty in having even the lim
ited supply of coal which they have on
hand delivered. They .can only get team
sters to work under police protection.
Some of the coal concerns have been re
stricted in their traffic to such an ex
tent that they may be said to have tem
porarily suspended business.
John Rosenfeld stated yesterday that
his firm .had but two weeks' supply on
hand, but that two colliers with 10,000 tons
each are on their way from British Co
lumbia. These vessels are scheduled to
arrive in about three days.
A leading coal merchant in speaking
yesterday of the threatened coal famine,
said: "About 4000 tons of coal are con
sumed each day by factories and private
parties in this city. At this rate the total
supply which is now on hand cannot pos
sibly last for more than ten days. Even
If colliers do arrive in port it will almost
be a hopeless task to secure teams 'to haul
the coal from the wharves. In nay opin
ion, a sufficient supply cannot possibly be
furnished to the , large factories. If the
tie-up is continued in operation for the
next ten days this city may look to se©
all its factories closing . their doors and
their thousands . of employes, ,- men and
women, sent to their homes to await the
end of the strike. The city's commercial
and industrial interests will receive a
blow from which they will not recover for
years."
So strict and comprehensive is the tie
up on the water front that J. C. Wilson
& Co. had to secure a permit to supply
the transports at Mare Island, the light
houses and the pumping* stations and hos
pitals at the Presidio.. The same firm has
also asked permission to have its former
employes allowed to discharge 2500 tons of
coal from the Australia for the transport
Meade. .
Work Suspended on Colliers Now in Port and Vessels Will Be
. : Tied Up With Unavailable CargQes Aboard as Fast as They
Arrive, Unless Capital and Labor Adjust Their Difficulty
COAL SUPPLY IS NOT SUFFICIENT
FOR MORE THAN TWO WEEKS' USE
STOCKTON, July 31.— The general tie-up
on the San Francisco water front has had
a somewhat depressing effect In business
circles in this city, some of the grocery
8rm9 expressing the belief that It might
result in causing them considerable) diffi
culty in getting goods from -San Fran
cisco. The strike will not tie np the
steamer lines, as they will continue to
carry passengers and transport freight to«
and from way stations. The up-freight v
business from the bay, however, is greatly
decreased, and the freight business gener
ally is greatly lessened by the strike.
Fruit and -.vegetable raisers are suffexlns
the most. •*". - .. t -I. :¦-
Depression. in Stockton.
QEORGE RENNER, .manager for
the Draymen's Association,
makes the following statement,
. giving- the history of the trouble
between the draymen and th£
Brotherhood of Teamsters:
The draymen got along finely until September
27. 1S00. when the Brotherhood' of Teamsters
presented their demands to us, giving us until
October 1 to adopt or reject the same. Our
association immediately called a special meet
ing, and our side, in order to avoid trouble,
asked for a conference with the teamsters. At
this time the various drayage firms were in
consultation with the different merchants that
they haul for, and we told them that nearly all
our wants were much advanced in prices, j Iron
for. tire* on our vehicle3 advancing . from 1%
cents per pound to 3t4 cents per pound, hard
wood lumber from 8% cents per foot to 14V4
centa per foot, and that we could not grant this
raise of wages without raising the prices for
cartage. And I want to Bay right here for the
cretfit of the merchants, that there was not
one merchant on record that said fight. On the
contrary, they told* us to make the best terms
we could with the Brotherhood of Teamsters,
and. we will do what is right with the dray
men; . Our committee met the committee of the
brotherhood and came to an agreement, which
was to be in effect for one year, from October
1. 1900. under the terms of which the men se
cured the advanced pay and the pay for over
time demanded by them, and in fact nearly
everything they asked for. •
The first serious new rule that the Brother
hood oX ' Teamsters tried to enforce , was last
spring, when | they Issued a notice to their
drivers that they ehould not take care of horses
after 6 p. m. They even went so far in McNab
& Smith's stable to stop a driver by the name
of Kasmussen from washing a horse's sore
neck. We took this matter up with the brother
hood and it died its own death. ¦¦
On or about March 25, 1901, I received a com
munication from, the brotherhood asking for a
conference, which was granted, and at the
meeting they presented new demands, notwith
standing their agreement to stand by the first
agreement for one year. Their second demands
were as follows: :. . . - #
Revised rules and regulations of the
• Brotherhood of Teamsters, LocalNo. 85, T.
D. I. U.: -
Eection 1. Draymen or firms (operating
their own teams) ehall employ no teamster
other than a. member of ¦ the . brotherhood.
' except that a drayman or firm having one
' or more teams may put on a non-union
man temporarily for not exceeding one week,
' during which time such non-union man shall
make , application for . . admittance to the
Brotherhood of - Teamsters, which may or
may not accept him, as it may deem proper;
provided that such non-union man shall be .
paid the regular scale of wages. No non
union man can drive a team unless he gets
a written order from the financial secretary '
of the brotherhood. . - _ ' ¦ "
Sec. 2. Any driver may be discharged if
he does not do his work to the satisfaction
of the drayman or firm employing him, but
his place must be filled by a member of the
brotherhood. . ' . .
Sec. 3. No member of the brotherhood
shall work for. any drayman or firm (oper
ating their own teams) for any lower rate .
of wages than are herein set forth, and any
member . violating this : rule shall be fined,
¦suspended " or expelled, as the : arbitration
committee may decide, i
Sec. 4..< All teamsters shall go to the. barn
on Sunday morning and take care of horses
and collars only, and if required to go back
in .the afternoon (to barn where no stable
- man is employed) such teamsters - are al
• lowed one hour's time to feed stock, and
must be paid one dollar. _ - -
. Sec. 5. . All claims for : overtime must be
submitted to and approved by . the stewards
' of each barn, and the matter of ¦ overtime
shall be so regulated that no injustice shall
be done the draymen, employer or teamster. -
Overtime to commence at 6 p.,m.,"in or out
of the barn. . ;iS*WPBflMMMto^B&SS2i*£*2&
Sec. 6. . All . complaints must be first made
in writing to the steward or each barn, he
- to present same to the grievance committee
the following Tuesday evening. ! ;i~;..-\
Sec.- 7. All teamsters when seeking em
ployment, shall apply ' at headquarters of
, brotherhood, 672 -Fourth .• street, . and , not
hang- around the. various barns,- under pen- •,
alty of fine to be determined by the arbi- '
tratlon committee.* ' Any teamster may ; ap-
ply at the drayman or firm's office for em-'
_ployment, but not at. the barns.
Sec. 8. Working, hours to be from 6 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Overtime to commence promptly
at 6 d. m.
Sec. 9. All drivers must report promptly
for duty at their respective barns at 6 a. m., '
not before. One hour's time allowed for 1
lunch. . ¦ '
Sec. 10. Any member of this brotherhood
¦ Eoing to work in any barn on days that he
is laid off and ' performing services that he
shall not receive any remuneration for is
liable to fine, suspension or expulsion,' as '
the arbitration committee may decide.
The above rules must be strictly enforced
under penalty. • •• •
Sec. 11. The following rates of wages -
Bhall be pald:-^ . . .
> 6-horse truckmen at MOO per day
4-horse truckmen at 3 50 ' per day
2-horse truckmen at 3 00 per. day
1-horse truckmen at 2 50 per day
4-horse wagons at .. 20 00 per week -
Fruit teamsters turning out , v .
before 6 a. m ;. 20 00 per week
Fruit teamsters, single. wag-- ... . ¦
on, turning out before 6' '
a. m 16 50 per week
¦\Varons of 4 tons and over '•".• : . . -¦ •
capacity at" : 3 00 per day
Waeons of 2 tons and under • ' ' ¦ • '*
4 toni capacity at -2 50 per day
Wagons of 1 ton and under 2 ' - '. .- - -
tons capacity at : ;. 2 00 per day
Wagons of 1 ton capacity'
for apprentices 9 00 per week
Section 12. Overtime to commence prompt
ly at 6 p. m., in or out of the barn.
6-horse truckmen at .......... % 0.60 per hour
4-horse truckmen at 50 per hour
2-horse truckmen at 40 per hour
1-horse truckmen at V. ........ 30 per hour '
- Fruit ¦ teamsters, double "
teams, after 6 p. m. 60 per hour
Fruit. teamsters, single, *,
teams, after 6 p. m... 40 per hour
4-horse wagon teamsters ;. 60 per hour
- Wagons, 4 tons and over cap
, aclty ..'. 40 per hour .
Wag-on* over 2 tons and . .
under 4 tons capacity..... ; ; :_ .30 per hour...
Wagons over 1 ton arid under; '¦' ' • ' '¦¦ " % '
2 tons. capacity, .."........:...' v \ 25 per ' hour .-'.
Wagqns. under. 1 ton capacity,'- 1 20 per" hour.!..,
• Working Sundays and ¦ holidays, •' time • and'-.*
a half; taking out team, any -part of .'day; -
day's •pay.;,.- •-¦•<¦ • V- ''¦ --v ; ' ~ .' : ¦¦<'- '¦"•'•.¦¦"¦/
'-'•-^ No Dispute' About Wages. ;. .
The caj-ef ully '\ considered -/all \ of the .
above .'demands,'- which" contained r many modi
fications of the original agreement, ¦ and while
there -was no , dispute ,¦ or ;questl6n'"over"- the'
matter . of ¦ wages, -. there. | were K other. 1 - things
which . we - thought ? unreasonable . and unjust,"'
and on May 1, 1901,', I sent -the 'following an-.
swer:v ¦¦'>.:¦. '¦'¦¦' ¦-.¦.'.""-.¦• -¦;.«:/:;^:- : A"^
"To ' the 'Grievance • Committee ''of "'¦ the
Brotherhood of Teamsters — Gentlemen: We.
the undersigned, grievance committee . of the
Draymen's Association, hereby submit • to- ; you
the action of r.ur. association 'ur>on the ¦ de-' 1
mands made upon us by your body, and which'
were fully considered at a full . meeting of our,
association. . Our association will concede, that'
Sunday worK shall be * limited to .the proper:
care of team and harness in the morning, and
that no man shall be called upon to return to
do any work on Sunday afternoon,' unless: paid'
for same. Our association positively 'and
unanimously refuses to accede to . any of > the
other new demands, j Yours truly, ...
, . ; ; "GEORGE RENNER, ;
"For Grievance Committee ¦ of Draymen's ' As
sociation." ; ¦ .» , ,-¦ ,-
Immediately after sending ; this • communica
tion we had several meetings, ; and Mr. Casey
and - his grievance committee ' notified ' myself
and our jcrievance ? committee ¦ that the last
named demands . -were withdrawn, .and stated
to us that they ' would ' live up_to ¦ their orig
inal contract for one year. . . : .
On Mav : 11, ; 1901, . I ¦ received the following
communication from the Brotherhood ' of Team
sters: : .••¦..-,.'*,. •¦->«-. ., .- :.:¦._...¦ •. - .
"To Mr. George Renner. ' Manager of • the
Draymen's • Association— Dear '. Sir: ; We * desire
to call : your; attention' to "the fact', that -the
brotherhood intends to hold . a < picnic * on Sat
urday, May 18, ¦ 1901; and no ¦ members »<hall ¦ be
allowed to work* on ; said" day, only those en-*
. gaged In ' hauling perishable ' rrelght. ./Any
others ¦ having . business '. of '• importance . to ¦ at
tend to are . requested • to ask permission of the
brotherhood, and hoping oui\ action will . not
work any Injury , to the . members of i said asso
ciation in any. way, I remain - yours, ¦ . ¦ \- '
- - - ."John • Mclaughlin, secretary." •¦:
;• Upon : receipt ¦ of . the above ;¦ letter "I took this"
matter ; up , over, the "¦ telephone with ¦'¦ Mr.' G."
Hardus.the financial • secretary of the brother
hood, and It was agreed that . the following
Atlantic. Gulf and -.Pacific Company,
San Francisco Bridge Company, Thom
son Bridge Company, Robert Wakefleld,
City Street Improvement Company,
Healy, Tibbitts & Co., Hyde Construc
tion Company, J. A.\ McMahon, Darby,
Laydon • & Co., Pacific Construction
Company, Pacific Bridge Company,
California* ' Bridge "'and Construction
Company, Cotton Bros. & Co. and Dun
don Bridge and Construction Company.
! Now, therefore, we, the undersigned
employers, » being under obligation and
bond • to complete our contracts within
definite times," hereby give ljotlce to
611 such employes that unless they re
sume work immediately we shall .of
necessity be compelled to employ other
workmen. ¦ +,
'WHEREAS, The employes of our"
firms, ' without notice to us, and with
out claiming any grievance against us, >.
have abandoned our employ, . leaving ¦
urgent work unfinished, and thereby .
subjecting us to . great loss and In
convenience, and whereas, they have
given us no assurance as to when they -
will resume work, if at all. •
AT a meeting of the follow
ing bridge and wharf build
ing contractors yesterday
. the i following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
BRIDGE BUILDERS
SERVE NOTICE ON
MEN WHO ARE OUT
DRAYMEN'S ASSOCIATION PRESENTS
ITS SIDE OF LABOR CONTROVERSY
Demands Made at Various Times by the Brotherhood of
Teamsters and the Attitude Taken, by the Employers
Set Forth— Origin of Contest That Led to General Strike
being loaded with freight by the Filipino
and Chinese members of the crews of the
Indiana. Pennsylvania and Ohio who were
lately released from the transport ser
vice. . These vessels are all tied up and
their 'owners have transferred their crews
to the Conemaugh of the Empire Steam
ship- Company.
The Conemaugh is scheduled to sail for
¦ Cape Nome to-day, but her owners will
not be able to get her out before Friday
night. The day before the strike was or
dered the union longshoremen were en
gaged in coaling her, and only succeeded
in filling her bunkers a few hours before
the strike took place. Since then the own
ers have not been able to secure a crew
'of men to handle the immense amount of
freight that she ' was to carry to the
northern country. The crews of the ves
sels that had b«en used as transports be
came available and they were put to
work. The Orientals made but poor prog
ress yesterday in the work of loading the
vessel, and at quitting time hundreds of
Ions .-of ¦ freight littered the dock. - ~*
The . steamship Umatilla arrived from
the " sound yesterday. After she had
docked Captain Waliace came ashore and
{•pent several hours in hunting men to go
to work unloading her. He succeeded In
finding thirty-five . men and with these
commenced the task of emptying the hold
of his vessel. Captain Wallace says he
does not anticipate any difficulty in getting
his vessel ready to leave here at the ap
pointed time next Sunday morning. The
entire crew of the Umatilla* left the ves
sel a.short time after her arrival in port.
The big Kosmos liner Hermonthis is be
ing loaded at Cae seawall, while the Cur
acao and the Anubis of the same line are
lying idle. The crews of the last named
vessels are at work on the cargo for the
Hermonthis and as soon as they, finish
loading the big ship wiil be put to work
on the Curacao's stores. By this means
It is expected to prevent any delay In the
departure of any of the ships of . the
Kosmos line. * .
The steam schooner - Fulton came - into
port yesterday from Redondo. but did not
Crop anchor. The captain of the schooner,
». r hen abreast of Meiggs wharf, h? tied the
wharfinger and asked how matters stood
en the front. On being informed that the
situation ivas critical, he turned the bow
uf his vessel seaward and started imme
diately for one of the coast ports. .
The collier Bristol arrived yesterday from
Oyster Harbor. She is among the vessels
that are tied up. The Bristol has a big
load of coal on board and the owners
prefer, making .a - storeship out of her
lo paying - the cost of transferring the
fuel to lighters and paying heavy charges
lor their u?e. B^fitg-jiWMGalMI
The other arrivals in port yesterday
that were tied* up were the Scotia from
Albion, the Noyo. ' Mary Buhne and the
C. T. Hill, from -Eureka, and the Guide,
from Grays Harbor. They are all loaded
with railroad ties and lumber.
The only other departure from the front
yesterday besides the Pomona was the
ting Consuelo, which cleared for Mahu»
kona. . -.
-¦¦'• ¦ r- *. :'.... - _• ¦ ..-.*• y. s :¦•
R Filipinos Load the Conemaughl
The cteamsnip Cohemaugh occupies a
berth at the Fremont-street dock. She is
Brt of the small gang of men, but. the
ill Company officials say that they will
accomplish the task. ; . v ; ;V >:-X'H
7'J» • Clerks Work longshore.
! At the Spear-street dock, where the'Or
efc>n Railway and Navigation Company's
steamer Columbia was Deing loaded, one
of- tl.e . most' amusing- incidents of the"
strike was to be seen. The clerks em
ployed in- the uptown office and the men
who do the" clerical work on the dock, un-"
uer the orders of Deck Superintendent W.
\V. Blair, hustled flour and sugar and en
deavored to fill the immense holds of the
vessel. They displayed a very willing
-spirit, but their flesh was woefully weak.
.They were dressed in .brand new suits
of. blue overalls and for a time presented
a natty appearance, 'j.ney also wore their
fancy bosomed, stiffly starched linen
shirts, for a time, and for a very short
time kept their necks encased In the high
collars that work in the office enabled
them to wear. . They were also careful to
preserve the correctness of the crease in
their blue trousers, and frequently let go
of a box to adjust the "roll-up" at the
bottom.
Many of -the clerks were quite strong,
for a time, and hustled heavy boxes about
with true stevedore precision; but, like
their collars and fancy bosomed shirts,
they 6oon wilted. Blisters began to ap
pear on hands that had never lifted any
thing heavier than a pen, and in less than
two hours after they had tackled the job
of hustling freight they were a worn-out,
miserable looking lot. To add to their
misery, their friends began to take an
Interest In their doings and came from
every portion of the city to watch them.
They joshed the perspiring clerks from all
sides arid kept at it until the forlorn look
worn* by the amateur longshoremen
caused, them to quit. *
Continued from First Page.
I ORIENTALS COME TO RESCUE,
TT T was an interesting day atr the head
11 quarters of the Porters'. Packers', and
I Warehousemen's* "Union ' yesterday.
If From the opening _of the office at 8
o'clock to the closing at "5 o'clock
there was a steady coming and going of
strikers, pickets and sympathizers.
, Before the close of the first day of the
' strike on Tuesday a total of £50 members
of the union on strike had registered their
names at headquarters and formally given
notice of their intention to stand by the
union through thick and thin. The iv-
Bponse to the order to strike, although
satisfactory, was not regarded to be. Just
•what it should have been, and a meeting
of the executive board was held, at which
a formal command upon all members of
the union to quit work immediately was
issued. This -order, duly sealed and coun
tersigned, was sent forth to the entire
membership of the union. The result was
apparent yesterday, when 300 men regis
tered "before the noon hour.
Robert Ldughery. business agent' of the
union, was a Dusy man during the whole
of the day. The report having been circu
lated that many members retused to quit
their employment, . he visited certain es
tablishments to talk to the employes. In
¦ nearly every instance he as well as the
pickets Of the union was denied admit
tance. In these_instances the telephone
was resorted to, the result being the ad
dition of nearly 100 to the ranks of the
porters and packers now on strike. ?
The first walkout of note to take place
' during the day was at the Arctic Oil
Works, corner of Illinois and Sixteenth
6treets. Ten union packers, yielding to
• ice arguments of the pickets, deserted
their posts at 10 o'clock. During the
morning some forty men ¦ connected with
I the foilowing firms went on strike: Wash
ington Manufacturing Company; II. J:
Brand enstein; Jones, Paddock & Co.;
Theobach, Kruger & Co., and Gulttard &
Co. In addition to these ten men of the
•Union Can Company and twelve of the
glass works at Harrison and Fifteenth
streets quit work at noon and registered
at headquarters.
All of the warehouses . -were closed yes
terday. They •were in charge of foremen,
but no business was transacted. These
¦ Induced the grain warehouses on seawall
Bfcction No. 2 and the Mission Bay grain
warehouses. Several of the Haslett ware
houses are still open, but the greater num
ber of employes having gone out little if
any business is being transacted.
President O'Neill of the union stated yes
terday that the entire membership would
be on strike to-day. He says that hun
dreds of the men are employed- by -the
' month and that yesterday being the lasi
day of July they preferred to work out
the full month before walking out. He
expressed the greatest confidence in the
outcome of the strike. That the . unions
would ultimately be recognized ¦ by the
employers he did not doubt. The strikers,
he said, realized that everything depended
upon their ¦ sticking together through the
present crisis, and they -were follow
ing the plan of strike as originally out
lined.
Officers of the ~ Union Successfully Resort to the Telephone
to Induce Hesitating Members to Surrender Their Positions.
Warehouses .Are Left .Deserted and t Little Business. Is Done
THE probability that the strike will
extend to the coast cities unless
a settlement of the local troubles
is speedily effected becomes
stronger and stronger. The vari
ous city-front labor organizations declare,
that the movement toward f. general
strike that ¦will extend to the various port*
along the coast is inevitable should it
com© to pass that the strikers in thi« city
are unable to Trtn their tight without help
from abroad. * .
This eventuality is remote, however, in
asmuch as the City- Front" Federation is
convinced that the local organization will
be enabled to win with the help of the local
united labor organizations. At a meeting
of the federation last night the sentiment
was unanimous that the strike leaders are
fully able to cope with the situation and
that no serious trouble would be encoun
tered unless the employers steadily re
fused to come to an early agreement.
Should the desired settlement be unneces
sarily prolonged,, It is hinted that the
members of the allied unions will be
called out This would mean the calling:
out of nearly 10,000 additional men. The
federation will not take this step, it is
said, until the chance or settling the pres
ent difficulty no longer exists. Should
this step prove fruitless the strike may be
extended to other ports, thus effectually,
tieing up the coast shipping trade.
"The condition of affairs at tha present
time," said Andrew Furuseth, secretary
of the Sailors' Union, last night, "is more
promising than It has ever been with any
previous strike within my knowledge. We
have the situation well in hand and we
propose to maintain our supremacy. It
will be impossible for the ship-owners to
secure enough men to enable them to re
sume traffic to any appreciable extent.
Our reports are to the effect that in near
ly every instance ¦where our men have been
allowed to talk to the non-union workmen
the latter Immediately quit work. Every
workman, be he a union man or not,
knows that this strike i»* purely in his in
terests, and that success means much to
him. The result Is that the men rally
round our standard, so that we are en
couraged in the belief that we will win
the fight. Should our efforts to secure
an early settlement with the bosses fall
we will take steps which, ,we are holding
In reserve. We have no desire to make
threats, or any statement that might ap
pear to be of a threatening nature. Our
sole aim now is to bring this trouble to a
speedy termination, and that will be done
if the employers recognize our rights as
free American worklngmen. We are will-
Ing to allow matters to rest as they are
and all we ask is that the affair be
brought to a settlement without loss of
time. It is up to the employers now.
Let them do the proper thing and we will
go to work to-morrow morning."
At. the meeting of the federation a re
port was received amid applause to the
effect ¦ that . the crew • of the steamer*
Apache had struck during the evening be
cause they declined to work with a lot of
Chinese. -The Apache is a Sacramento
River boat and carried 700 tons of flour.
"When the crew was ordered to transship
the flour to a China steamer manned by
Chinese the Apache crew walked out to
a man. '.-..•- 1_ \
The action of the executive committee
in allowing coal contractors who are sup
plying Ithe Government lighthouses, hos
pitals and asylums with coal to deliver
their goods was approved. The require
ment was insisted upon that each coal
wagon should bear a card printed in large
type announcing that permission had been,
granted by the federation to deliver fuel.
"Reports from affiliated unions were re
ceived declaring the intention of those
bodies to stand by the federation to the
last extremity. Another meeting of the
federation will probably be held this even
ing.
Make Threats to Do
So if Non- Union
Men Are Employed
Leaders May Resort
to Such Means, to
Win- Their Fight
STRIKE MAY
EXTEND OVER
ENTIRE GOAST
TRADE MOVES LAMELY IN THE WHOLESALE DISTRICT AND FACTORIES FEEL THE WEIGHT OF THE STRIKE
ADDITIONS MADE TO THE HOST OF STRIKING PORTERS
THE -.."SAX FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ AUGUST ;1^ 1901
2
Continued . onv Page . Five.
DR. GREEN, Specialist |
DISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY CURED. I
limi Ejreekelt Bui' din j, Houns ' U8-419.
(S> Oftlcs Hours- Vl> A/M.'to 3 P. M.. 7 to 9 PI M fr
® ' v Sundayi, 10 A. M. to 2 P. M. ®
But whether : skeptical or not .It ~ will
cost nothing to Investigate this new treat-
ment. Simply send name and address on
a postal card to P. A, Stuart Co.. Mar-
shall, Mich., for the booklet which besides
describing the treatment contains a con-
cise treatise on the cause and character
of this. peculiar disease. ' : . *
Doubtless this statement of a cure and'
positive preventive of hay fever will
be received with skepticism by the thou-
sands who have found the only relief
every year was a change of climate during
the summer months.
Sufferers from hay fever and summer
catarrh will be Interested to learn that
there ' Is a new, simple, inexpensive but
effective home treatment for this obsti-
nate and baffling disease, and that a. little
booklet fully describing the treatment
will be mailed free to any one by address-
Ing the F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.
To Hay Fever Sufferers.
OF SPECIAL INTEREST ,
AI> V KKTISEMENTaCONSTANTINOPLE, July 31.— Cherif
Safda- Pasha (who was. recently arrested
in his house, together with twenty-six
guests, all of whom were accused of . an
extensive conspiracy against the Sultan),
¦was; with thirteen other Mussulmans, dis
patched Into exile yesterday.
EL RENO, O. T., July 31.— Commissioner
Richards' relieved many anxious question
ers to-day by saying tnat cash, meaning
currency or coin money, will not be neces
sary in the purchase of town lots at,La.w
ton, Anadarko ¦ and Hobart. The' full
amount of each purchase must be paid to
the official conducting the sale at the time
the purchase Is made and the. collateral
offered must be approved and accepted by
the local banks on the ' townsite. Of
course, the sale will be turned down if the
banker rejects the collateral offered by
tha Durchaser and the lot will be offered
again for sale. This concession by Com
missioner Richards will be a great relief
to persons who believed that It would be
necessary to carry upon tneir persons the
money necessary for the purchase of lots.
Tin; danger ofv robbery would have been
gieat and it is possible that many persons
would . have been injured or killed in
hc!a-ups. ¦ •¦
Relieves Many Anxious Home-,
seekers in Oklahoma.
Decision by Commissioner Richards
WILL ACCEPT COLLATERAL
FOR NEW TOWNSITE LOTS
LONDON, July. 31.-4Iir the House- of.
Commons to-day, proposing a res
olution granting Field Marshal
Lord Roberts £100,000 for-'his'serv
ices in South Africa; A. J. Bal
four, the" ' Government leader, in the
course of a eulogy of the field marshal,
said there was no doubt that but for Lord
Roberts' daring and strategy and the rap
idity with which his plans were carried
out, Kimberley ami Maf eking would have
fallen. 11,000 British "would have been
starv.ed into submission at Ladysmith and
there would have been a general rising
of disloyalists in South Africa. The coun
try was saved from this by the genius of
the man he now invited the House to re
ward by a unanimous vote, irrespective
of political differences. . v
The statement called forth protests from
the Irish members. The Liberal leader, .
HELENA, Mont., July 31.— Governor
Toole to-day received. formal notice from
the Secretary of the Interior that the
Government would not deport the Cree In
dians, wards of the British Government,
who are now wandering about the State.
The vagabond. Crees have spread small
pox through several Montana Indian.res
ervations and for years have been an an
noyance to settlers and the State authori
ties. Inspector McLaughlin recently rec
ommended that the Government deport
the Indians, as was done several years
ago, but the Commissioner of Indian 'Ai
fairs. whose recommendation has been
adopted by -the Secretary, says the Gov.
eminent cannot assist the State authori
ties.
Secretary of Interior.
ported Not Favorably Received by
Recommendation That They • Be De-
VAGABOND CREE INDIANS
SPREADING SMALLPOX
Sir Henry, Campbell-Bannerman, con
curred.in the motion. .' ¦• -
* John -Dillon, Irish Nationalist, strongly
"opposed the vote; --He declared Lord Rob
erts had shown the greatest inhumanity,
in South Africa and said he had employed
•barbarous methods and-had proved him
self a dismal failure." • • ¦" 'i s
Labouchere, ' Radical, protested against
granting gratuities to military men while
nothing was given .to civilians who were
doing something for the benefit of their
country. ¦ • ; . .
Kelr-Hardy, Socialist' and 'Independent
Labor, took a similar view. . He declared'
that in the opinion of experts at. home
and abroad, -Lord Roberts' failure primar
ily was responsible for . the continuance
of the war.' ¦ ¦.¦¦¦¦
Swift MacNell, Irish Nationalist, said
he considered Lord Roberts' operations
were conducted with a maximum of cru
elty and a minimum of. humanity and
that his farewell speech .at Cape Town
was horrible hypocrisy and blasphemy.
After further debate for and against the
measure, Balfour moved the closure,
which was carried by 257 to 108 votes.
The resolution was adopted by a vote of
281 to 73. -
CHICAGO, July 31.— Indictments charg
ing perjury were voted to-day by the
Grand Jury against John A. Hlnsey, for
mer president of the. Endowment Rank,
Knights of Pythias, and against Henry
B. Stolts, former secretary of the Endow
ment Rank. Two indictments were re
turned against each defendant. • I
The perjury .is alleged to consist In
statements in the annual reports of the
Supreme Lodge of the Knights of Pythias,
which the defendants as officers of the
lodge made to the insurance department
of the State of Illinois.* The reports cov
ering the years 1S9S and 1899 are alleged to
have contained items which gave a false
showing of the condition of the Endow
ment Rank.
to Insurance 'Department of
State of Illinois.
Accused of Making False Statements
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
TJ2*n>ER INDICTMENT
"The Chicago exposition Is th© spec
tacle we must eclipse If our exposition is
to be a success." remarked one of the
architects. "The Buffalo, the San Fran
cisco and the Omaha expositions were
miniatures compared with the exposition
St. Louis is preparing."
ST. LOUIS, July 31.— The committee on
grounds and buildings of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition Company considered
to-day the plans of the commission of
architects for the general arrangement of
the world's fair buildings and grounds.
After, approval ,by this committee the
plans will be submitted successively to the
executive committee and board of direc
tors and finally to the national commis
sion. " After the plans shall. have been
passed on it Is likely that the individual
firms composing the architects' commission
will each be assigned to draw the detail
plans of one big exhibition building.
In designing the grounds the architects*,
commission used for working material the
data supplied by the Columbian Exposi
tion at Chicago. .
of Buildings and" Grounds , Now
. "Under Consideration. -H
Plans for the General Arrangement
ST. LOTJIS PEEPAKING
FOR GREAT EXPOSITION
From an American point of view, there
fore, it is desirable that the revolution
should succeed. No warship has been, or
dered to- Venezuelan" waters. The gun
boat Machias will be available for duty In
the Caribbean Sea next week, and she
may be sent to La Guayra. Her duty will
be limited to the protection of Americans
and' their interests, and she will under no
consideration give aid either to the revo
lutionists or to the Government.
Castro, the present President of Ven
ezuela, Inaugurated the revolt against the
Andrade Government In much the same
way as" the present revolutionists. .
Strained relations occurred
Venezuela and Colombia, and for a time
it looked as though war would take place.
Castro's successes, however, prevented a
hostile declaration against Colombia. It
is\no secret that the ' authorities here
would be • gratified with 1 Castro's over
throw. His conduct with respect to the
asphalt controversy has been severely
criticized in "Washington. Some apprehen
sion has existed that when the court now
considering the asphalt dispute renders
its verdict Venezuela will decline to per
mit • the United States to review the de
cision, as already demanded by Secretary
Hay. In this case the United States would
be compelled to take measures for pre
venting the ejection of the New York and
Bermudese Company from Felicidad
Lakes until It was satisfied of the justice
of the verdict of the court. It is apparent
that complications of a very serious na
ture.would arise/ .
Of great importance to this country may
.be the movement which has ' been inaug
urated. It may avert a. breach In the re
lations between the United States j and
Venezuela, threatened 'by the asphalt
question, and may result in' the settlement
of that iiuestion to the satisfaction ot this
Government. • Conditions prevailing in
Venezuela had Indicated to the authorities
that a revolution is imminent, and- they
were not" surprised,, therefore, when 'they
received Mr. - Russell's message. ""This
statement concerning the contents of -his
cablegram was made v pubilc by Acting
Secretary Adee; • - .
. "The Btate Department to-day received
the following: telegram from the American.
Legation - at Caracas: 'Martial law I has
been declared in Venezuela by. the Presi
dent of the country in consequence of the
invasion of ; a revolutionary . force from
Colombia. It is reported that : an army ot
10,000 men will meet the invaders.' ." . ; -
¦It is presumed at the department that
the invading army is not composed of
Colombians, but of .Venezuelan' revolu
tionists. The latter have probably organ
ized in Colombian territory and when suf
ficiently strong . commenced their move
ment on Caracas.
¦CALIi BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,' N.
W.; WASHINGTON. July Si;— Venezuela
Is again In the strife of a revolution, ac
cording to an official dispatch received by
Russell, Charge d" Affaires of " the United
States at Caracas. ;;, < ' : .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
United States Would -Wel
come Overthrow of the
Present Government
Invasion From Colombia
of an Army of Revo
lutionists.
REBEL AGAINST
CASTRO'S RULE
NEW YORK, July 31.-Willlara L; Grey,
the Fosburg murder suspect,' was set free
to-day. Caotain of Detectives Titus de
cided that he.* was innocent of any con
rvcUen with the. crime.
Fosburg Suspect Set Free.
BOULDER, Colo.. July Zl.— During a
sham battle to-day between companies of
tne Colorado National Guard here to par
ticipate in the State's quarto-centennial
celebration. Private Wright of a Denver
company received a wad from a blank
cartridge in his right forearm and will
probably lose his arm if not his life. Lieu
tenant Rice Means, who served ap an of
ficer in the Philippines, was burned In the
face with powder. ¦_„ ,
Shot During a Sham Battle.
SACRAMENTO, July 31.— It. is reported
here a number of counties will avail
themselves of the opportunity afforded by
a decision by Judge Shields of this county
in a suit brought from San Luis Ohispo
to secure money for the support of or
phans., Judge Shields to-day said:
"The effect of the decision will be that
where a claim has been legally \ incurred
and properly presented, and where there
are no legal objections to it, the State
Board of Examiners must pay it. If any
other county claims are presented in
proper form and In due time the board
cannot refuse to allow them without a
legal reason. '\
More Counties May Begin Suit.
SANTA CRUZ, July 31.— At the Twin
Lakes Baptist Assembly the lecture this
morning was by Professor W. P. Boynton
of the University of California. In the
evening the Rev. Ell McClish, I). D., pres
ident of the University of the Pacific,
gave a lecture on "Psychology." The
Rev. J. George Gibson of San Francisco
lectured on "Missing Links in Our Young
People' ss Work." The newly elected of
rtcers of the assembly are: President, D.
P. Ward, Pasadena; secretary, Robert
Whittaker of Palo Alto; treasurer, the
Rev. T. S. Young of San Jose; director of
Twin Lakes Improvement Society — C. M.
Whitmore, Ceres; the Rev. E. H. Hay
den, Santa Cruz; the Rev. T. S. Young,
San Jose: H. E. Parker, Twin Lakes; tho
Rev. E. S. Keetch. Berkeley; the Rev. E.
R. Bennett, Oakland; Mrs. Wood, Twin
Lakes.
Interesting Talks at Twin Lakes.
When men arrived on the scene the
house was on flre. Springer told the
men he had fixed Thompson.- When the
fire was extinguished no trace - could be
seen of Thompson's body, but it was later
found hidden In a clump of bushes near
by in a horribly mangled condition.
Springer escaped while the fire was being
extinguished. Provincial are
searching for him.
NEW WESTMINSTER, B. C, July 3L—
Two young men, William Springer and
Edward Thompson, living in a small
shack on a ranch near, here, got into a
row last night. Springer seized a sledge
hammer and went after his companion. A
small boy passing heard cries and ran
to the house in time to see Springer strike
several blows with his weapon. The boy
summoned help.
Murder and Provincial Police
;,•,; jAre Hunting Him.
British. Columbia Man Commits a
KIULS HIS COMPANION
AND BURNS THE HOUSE
The officers elected for the State Sunday
School Association of the Christian
churches are: President. C. XV. Jopson of
Los Gatos: vice president. Mrs. Henry
Shadle cf Madera: treasurer, Mrs. J. J.
Morgan, Woodland; corresponding secre
tary. S. A. Nesbitt of Saratoga: recording
secretary. I. H. Hazel of San Jose; exec
utive committee — the Rev. R. H. Sawyer,
WatsonvHle; J. Haley Durham, Irvington.
Park Commissioners — L. Masmire. Los Gatos;
.T. H. Wagoner. Santa Cruz; Rev. R. N.
Davis Santa Cruz: G. N\ Freeman. Fresno.
State board— Rev. W. If. White, San Francisco;
R*>v R. N. Davig. Santa. Cruz; Rev. J. J. Mor
pan. Woodland; R. W. Eaton. Watsonvllle ;
Rev. T. H. La Tii-son. Hanfcrd; Rev. Henry
Phadle. Maflera; Dr. J. W. Lowrv, Santa Rosa.
Trustees of the T$erk<=ley Bible Seminary—
.'u<Jpe A. M. McCoy. Red Bluff* Rev. A. C.
Fmithers Los Angeles; Rev. J. II. McCul
loujrh of Irvington for three years and .& S.
Ptvrgris of San Francisco- for one year. Com
mittee to confer v.-ith Baptists In regard to
union— Rev. R. N. Davis. Santa Cruz;, Rev.
TV. M. White. San Francisco: Rev. J. J. Mor
pan. Woodland: Rev. A. C. Smtther. Los An
gplep; Rev. F. M. Dowling, Pasadena.
SANTA CRUZ. July 3L— At Garfield
Park to-day the nomination committee
made a report and officers were named.
The officers for the ensuing year are:
Officers Named at Garfield Park.
"Circumstances attending and reasons
for the action of Commodore Smiley in
cabling the department in responbe to or
ders of the department contained In its
dispatch dated May 25, 189S: 'Much to be
regretted, cannot obey orders of depart
ment." and the propriety of his conduct
in the premises."
As this is a quotation of Admiral
Schley's "own -words, undoubtedly it will
be entirely satisfactory to him. Captain
James Parker, of counsel for Admiral
Schley. was again at the Navy Depart
ment to-day, making a careful examina
tion of the log books of all vessels which
participated in the Santiago campaign,
and of all dispatches sent to and by the
department from arid to officers partici
pating in the campaign. Admiral Crown
inshield. the acting Secretary, plaj^d the
documents at Captain Parker's dTsposal.
pivinp him free access to the records. Cap
tain Parker I? occupying the private office
of Secretary Long.
CALrli BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. July 31.-In compli
ance with the request of Admiral Schley.
the Navy Department will modify the
fifth specification of the precept appoint
ing the court of inquiry to Investigate
his conduct during the Santiago cam
paign. Admiral Schley's acknowledg
ment of the receipt of the precept reached
the department on Monday, but the naval
authorities admit only to-day that they
had it in their possession. The text of
th» letter the department declined to
make public, but It Is known that the ad
miral objects to the direction for an in
vestigation Into the "circumstances at
tending and reasons for disobedience by
Commodore Schley of orders contained in
Its dispatch dated May 25, 1S98, and tho
propriety of his conduct in the premises."
Admiral Schley contended that there wa3
a great difference between "disobedience
of orders" and "cannot obey orders," the
latter being the phrase he used in his
dispatch in answer to Instructions from
the department. A consultation of Web
ster's dictionary established that the
meaning of "disobedience" is "neglect"
as well as "refusal" to obey, and the de
partment holds consequently that tech
nically it was Justified in inserting the
•word "disobedience" in the precept. At
the fame time, there Is no Intention of
influencing in advance the Judgment of
the court and it is the desire of Secretary
Long that Admiral Schley shall be treated
with the utmost fairness. So, Mr. Hack
ett. Assistant Secretary of the Navy, who
•will return to Washington to-morrow, will
as acting Secretary send a letter to Rear
Admiral Schley, informing him that the
department is prepared to make the
change in the precept which he desires.
It is, of course, impossible to give tho
exact language in which the specification
¦will be written, but there is every reason
to believe that it will be about as fol
lows:
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
Confidence was felt in some circles to
day that the strike would eventually be
settled on the propositions made by Mor
gan. The officials of the steel companies
who have been acting for the United
States Steel Corporation in this matter
were apparently hopeful and light
hearted.
Another hour was spent in the confer
ence room and then the -meeting ad
journed. When President Shaffer came
down to go home he was again asked for
some statement as to the condition of the
conference and a probability of a settle
ment. In reply he said:
"There will be no statement given out
to-day. I expect to call another meeting
of the board to-morrow at 10 o'clock. I
will be present at this meeting and will
not be out of the city to-night."
With this statement President Shaffer
left for his home. All of the other officials
who were at the meeting during the after
noon declined to talk strike. They hur
ried away to avoid meeting the newspaper
men. About the entrance of the head
quarters building groups of men were
gathered, all afternoon. Some were mem
bers of the Amalgamated* Association,
who were on strike and interested in the
proceedings. Others were private' detec
tives, who watched every move made bv
President Shaffer and other leaders of the
Amalgamated Association. Shaffer said
he knew of no reason for his movements
being watched, but became deeply inter
ested In the state of affairs when told i
of it-
Decline to Make a Statement.
Three Conferees Absent.
It was after 11 o'clock this forenoon
when the committee met. Three of the of
ficials. Secretary John Williams, Assistant
Secretary M. F. Tighe and National
Trustee John Morgan were not present.
It was subsequently learned that the
three absentees were 'out of the city and
had taken their departure on early trains.
It was said later that they were expected
to be present when the board shall be
called together to-morrow morning.
Where they had gone and- what their mis
sion was could not be learned. President
Shaffer was called to a secret conference
with some one, supposed to be a repre
sentative of the United States Steel Cor
poration, during the early morning hours.
At noon the officials adjourned for
lunch. They remained away until after
2 o'clock and then again took up the con
ference. President Shaffer was called re
peatedly to the telephone and talked long
and earnestly with some one at the other
end of the line. Recesses taken at fre
quent Intervals showed that much of the
time of the meeting 1 was devoted ¦ to the
killing of time during the absence of the
officials who were on mysterious missions.
Joseph Bishop, secretary of the Ohio
Board of .Arbitration, was present at the
discussions to-day. He left the headquar
ters late in the afternoon without making
any statement. At 4 p. m. President Shar
fer and Vice President David Reese left
the offices. President Shaffer in
formed the reporters that no state
ment would be given out to-day. The two
officials went to the Carnegie building,
where they held a brief consultation witn
Joseph E. Schwab and Preston, who spent
most of the day in the Carnegie offices.
Within an hour Messrs. Shaffer and
Reese returned to the general offices of
the association.
The second day of the executive board's
deliberation was notable for many ru
mors in circulation and for the conspicu
ous dearth of results. The absence of
three of the principal members of the
board from the sessions to-day gave rise
to the story that the members were di
vided In their ideas of the peace proposals
and that in order to satisty all Secretary
Williams had been sent to New York to
seek modifications at the hands of Messrs.
Morgan and Schwab, while Assistant Sec
retary Tighe and Trustee Morgan had re
ceived a commission • to visit Senator
Hanna to secure his aid in bringing about
an amicable arrangement. 'Nothing tan
gible could be learned concerning these
supposed trips, however, and all talk in
relation to them must remain merely con
jecture until the return of these members
and their lips are unsealed.
PITTSBURG, ' Pa.; July 31.— "Hope de
ferred maketh the heart sick." - Tbls Is
expressive o* the feelings of the majority
of Pittsburgers to-night outside of the
inner circle of the Amalgamated Associa
tion executive board, who have been con
sidering the proposals for a settlement of
the steel strike for two days without
agreement. How the members of the
board feel is known to no man on the out
side.
ment Concerning "Disobe
dience" of Orders.
Change Made in the State-
Both Sides Decline to Make
Statements, but Will
Again Confer.
Strike of Steel Workers
Difficult Matter. to ,
Settle, 'v-
Navy Department Ac
cedes to Admiral
Schley's Request.
FAIL TO REACH
AN AGREEMENT
WILL MODIFY
THE PRECEPT
THE J SAN FRANCISCO CAXI^
Before the Vote Is Taken in the commons
the Field Marshal Is Accused of Haying
Shown Inhumanity in Dealing With Boers
ROBERTS GETS HALF A MILLION
FOR SERVICES IN SOUTH AFRICA
Antarctic Circle Expedition.
LONDON, July 31.— The British Ant
arctic Bhlp Discovery left the river
Thames this afternoon, bound for the So
lent. Kin? Edward, who Is keenly Inter
ested In the expedition, will Inspect the
vessel Drlor to her final departure on her
trip of three or four years* exploration
In the Antarctic circle.
NEW YORK, July 21.— James McCoy
and hla two children, "William, aged 8, and
Edna, aged 14. -were burned to death to
day In a lire In their home In Brooklyn.
Mrs. Mary McCoy, the mother, was prob
ably fatally hurt by falling from a win
dow to the ground. The flre was caused
by the overturning of a can of petroleum.
Burned to Death in Their Home.
Earthquakes in Italy.
ROME, July 21.— Earthquakes were Ken
eral to-day throughout Southerh Italy.
The strongest • shocks occurred at. Avez
zano and Portlcl. ;.=- : . •
Mussulmans Sent Into Exile.
3
COMMANDER IX CHIEF OF 'THE
BRITISH' ARMY, WHO GETS A
RICH REWARD.
lurch
Has been rudely defined by some cynic
as "slops and sweets." And after all
there's more truth than poetry in the'
definition. Ice cream and cake may
satisfy the palate, but they are far from
satisfying to the stomach, which requires
that food be nutritious first and nice
afterward. By careless eating women
pave the way for stomach w trouble,"
and its kindred miseries.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery is confidently commended as a
cure for diseases of the stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition.
By caring diseases which prevent the
assimilation of food it enables the body
to be bnilt up and strengthened in the
only way known to nature — by food
digested and assimilated.
"For twelve long: nonths I suffered untold
misery," writes Mr. Mollie Colgate, of Ran-
dolph, Charlotte Co., Va. "No -tongue could ex-
press the pain that I endured before I com-
menced taking Dr. Pierce's medicine. I was
rot able to do iiaythingf at all. Could not eat
am-tlring- except bread asid tea— or if I did the
top of my head hurt 6O it seemed it would kill
me; witli all that I could do it would burn like
fire. But now. since using your ' Golden Med-
ical Discorerv' nnd 'Favorite Prescription," I
can eat a littfe of almost anything I want, and
czn do a ;rood day's work as well as anybody
can. Ani better than I have been for years."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure
tick headache.
Slii LjOEl S
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHEA, GLEETP.
HTRICTDRES and analogous complaint* ot th«
Orrans of Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. For «aU by dru«UU.
~rt ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WELL POSTED MEN
Know the merits of our laundry work,
others not- so fortunate, but with Ideas of
dress, equally critical, are groping their
way in an endeavor to satisfy their wants.
Grope no longer. ' Uncle Sam supplies a
convenient method, of enlisting our serv-
ices, or our telephone boy, .call South 420,
will fill your order.
'No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market S treat
Telephone— South* 42O,
Oakland Off Ice— 54- San Pablo Av».
STATEMENT
-' OF 'THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Wilhelma
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, IN THE STATE- OF
Prussia, on the 31st day ot December, A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to I the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: , -
CAPITAL. .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash . J75O.0OO 00
ASSETS. _ ] "
Real Estate owned by Company.... S91S.7SS 43
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 9,503,130 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... 41.858 75
Cash in Company's Office 6,035 10
Cash in Banks I «6,«1 73
Interest due and accrued on all >¦
Stocks and Loans .................... 178 95
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion . ES1.431S9
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 10,590 SS
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 1,169,593 45
r . "
•Total Assets .:..... $12.250.129 24
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or,
« In Suspense • • $94,SS3 SO
Gross Premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. % ;
reinsurance 100 per cent $1,143 00
Gross premiums - on Marine Time
' Risks. $ I reinsurance 60
per cent . - 7«.430 50
Liability under other Branches 10,799,262 15
Cash' Dividends remaining . unpaid.' 515 25
Duo for Reinsurances 21, SOS 97
Total Liabilities ..: SU. 034. 031 37
INCOME. ~~ ~
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $375,873 9S
Received for Interest on Be nila and
' Mortgages S6O.S0O 65
Received for interest and <nn lends -
¦ on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources ; 5S.55S 36
Received from ail other sources.... 3.499.036 40
Total Income S3. 492. 769 39
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ 'losses of pre-
vlous years) J43S.938 53
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .....\...*........V.V....... 83.749 01
Paid for Salaries. ¦ Fees : and other
charges for officers, ¦. olerks. etc., 23,763 37
Paid for State, ; National and Local
taxes ....... ::.."..-.: S, 319 26
All other payments and expendi-
tures .:.'..:.. .....:.¦*....'...: .1.499.271 So
Total Expenditures ...........I... 12,116.132 37
. : .. Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year. ...... .¦J320.S51 25
" ' ' "Marine".! *"; . . ...
1 Risks -and ; Premiums. . Risks. . I Premiums.
Net ' amount '. of Risks I '
written ¦ during the '.':'. - ..'
year ..($219,284,333 $689,92167
Net ¦: amount of ¦ ; Risks I ? . ¦ _ J
expired during the! BfSsS
year v....: ...I 228,518,170 I 633,495 21-
Net - amount ' In forcel " |
December 31. 1900 :j 8,988.304 I 107.373 50
'.^"i .. TH. DAMMANV.' Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma. this 4th
day of May. 1901.- ,- .- •• .,-.-.' ¦
. WILHELM HUMBERT. Notary Public
GDTTE & FRANK, Managersy
303 CALIFORNIA ST.
~pi~~B3~~B *****H*HI ~KKiH0~n~FM9iH7^~Pv^P *Hfv J ¦ " f wU I r^ m * \ a^v y^KB^SlnsoSI^M I ¦ I "I I %k I W^^r I I 1 1 1 %M ¦ I H %y %k 1 1 1 ( 1 1% i> ¦
Ev^SSalfl^V if S^SVrtL X^^^~&^"fc^~'^C^' : 1^~ / HI tJ \j Jf VL d V 1 I — lT" \J ill
DIRT CLEARANCE.
f$? *t, T is a good plan for every feather to know
something of the soap he uses. There is a
<$m> well-founded objection to using -a floor-dean-
l$g «»*I pig-soap upon the human body. Ivory Soap
is the bather's soap. It costs more than common
soaps, but the difference is in the ingredients and
making. Why not treat yourself with a little respect.
Is not the human skin with its marvellous delicacy
entitled to pure soap ? Ivory Soap — it floats. \
* ee»vm«NT nit it tmi mocr«« » ituui co. emctniuTi
I HQrDi!
M - ; - : ~ "fbls Great Trata
I AMD nun bat twlc«
1 per we«k during
InUngUBI __
Tu - Leaving at 9 an,
E It arrives In
UL1F0BHI1 !Sr
ILIlfl 1 1 E U its hfyft stsndard
efwrvlcals
ON fatty maintain*.
sim Ft !|
STATEMENT
OT THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OB* "A-tuii •
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, IN THSJ STATE OV
Prussia, on the 21st day of December. A. D.
1309 and for the year endlnr on that day, as
made to the Insuranca Commissioner of thm
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections (10 and (II ot th# Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by th* Com-
missioner:
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 1750.009 0*
v>.-,: ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company.... {S34.1S9 S?
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,260,026 01
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company..... 1.S24.W0 «S
Cash in Company's Office 1.S93 51
Cash In Banks 642.431 37
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,347 M
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion- 286,403 43
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 433.283 J9
Total Assets $4,730. US 31
"LIABILITIES. "
"Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 1553,751 83
Gross premiums on Flre Klska run-
ning one year or less. $.. ;
reinsurance 50 per cent "LC1.731 71
Gross premiums on Fire Rinks run-
ning: more than one year, I ;
reinsurance pro rata 239,955 39
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 73) 00
All other liabilities 288.943 39
Total Liabilities S2, 775. 153 ,17
INCOME. • "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums : $4,410,781 (9
"Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ;„ 47,700 71
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 'M.372 M
Received for Rents 17.fi.ll 99
Received from all other sources.... 34,503 23
Total Income J4.574.95? 34
EXPENDITURES. =====
Xet amount ' paid for Flre Losses
(Including $342,046 66, losses of pre-
vious years) J3. fM7.(V)7 *1
Dividends to Stockholders 223.000 W
Paid or -allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 800.024 37
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
chance* for officers, clerks, etc.... I73.1S1 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes-.:.... ...........¦..;... , 80.23101
All other payments and expendi-
tures 173.24T *»'
Total Expenditures W. 493.738 52
H. VATKE.'Pre»l-ient7"
BERNDT. Vice President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thta Sth
day of April. 1901. MAX J. BTTELEP..
;U. S. Consul.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
303 CALIFORNIA ST.
DOUGLAS B. WATSON, City Agent,
. 530 CALIFORNIA ST.
S. FIGEL & SON. Y. D EHRHARDT
'•;>.. solicitors. .
Weak Men and Women -
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
(Teat Mexican remedy; gives health ani
..— „.-.!. )a;uti»i mint . n. nn » aaa u.ru..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.TO SAIL.
Champion Ten Eycke Retires.
WORCESTER, Mass., July 81.— Edward
H. Ten Eycke, the world's champion ama
teur sculler, announced to-day that he
had retired from racing forever. He re
tires a champion who has never been
beaten in a race.
NEWPORT, R. I., July 31.— The boats
entered for to-morrow's regatta of the
Newport Yacht Racing Association are all
In the harbor to-night and ready for the
contest. The chief interest again centers
in the ninety- foot class and the appear
ance of the Independence in new form is
welcomed by all- y*ho have watched the
racing of the big boats. Her managers
and officers .are well pleased with her
condition. The absence of the Constitution
is regrretted, but Inasmuch as the Colum
bia is to appear against the Independence
the critics can still get a line on the Bos
ton boat. /Should she lose her races with
the Columbia it is doubtful if Lawson will
start her again this year. If she should
win even one of the races this week her
programme for the remainder of the sea
son would then be a matter for future
discussion. The future of the boat depends
entirely on her performances to-morrow
and Saturday and everything possible haa
been done during the last two weeks to
put her in trim.
BRISTOL. R. I., July 31.— The Constitu
tion arrived here to-day and the work of
dismantling her was "immediately begun.
It Is expected the new mast will be
stepped to-morrow. This spar is com
plete, and to-day workmen were busy at
taching the rigging to it.
the Regatta, as She Is Being
Overhauled.
Constitution "Will Not Take Part in
INDEPENDENCE WILLMEET
COLUMBIA AT NEWPORT
Any quantity of the finest deer
hunting ierritfiry In California 'tributary to
, this station. - , ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦-.- . • . . - - .
¦ASHLAND— No deer hunting to speak of in
this vicinity. West Fork Is -the place •where
most people go for deer. .
. GILROY— Deer very scare* " in . this section.
AGER^-Information received from Klamath
Hot Springs says indications are good for deer
hunting. -;
PLACERVILLE— Deer season only open the
last two weeks in September. Tributary . ten
to fifteen miles good hunting. .'
BOULDER CREEK- Deer are reported to be
plentiful in the Big Basin country, but no one
is allowed to hunt there on account of the
park proposition. -On the Los Gatos side of the
range are the best grounds this year. « '- ¦
LOS GATOS — Hunters report plenty of deer
within three to five miles of Los Gatos. The
best reports come from San ; Antonio Valley,
near Mount Hamilton; • ¦•-; -?
UPTON— Prospects good on McCluod River,
which Is twenty-flve ¦ miles from Upton. No
hunting nearer. v . . -*• •.
SISKIYOU— Am informed by old settlers here
that prospects for deer hunting this season are
not good. ... . ¦ .. .
MONTAGUE— Deer in abundance In the An
telope district, forty miles from here. Fishing
in the same locality pronounced extraordinary.
Place easy of access. Guides can be had if
desired. • ' '
CALISTOGA— Deer hunting, prospects excel
lent on St. Helena mountain and all over Lake
County and Knights Valley through to the
Geysers. Bring good dogs.
SANTA MARGARITA— No deer hunting in
this vicinity.
LOMPOC— From all reports deer - hunting
country tributary to this station this season
will not.be good.
The open season for deer begins to-day.
Sportsmen have been cleaning up their
rifles for several days ; In anticipation of
the event. The prospects are not as good
as in previous years and reports collected
by The Call state that the game is riot as
plentiful this year as in previous ones, i
¦ Most j of the deer hunters of this city
will leave on Saturday after bucks. I The
following reports received yesterday from
the places named be - of interest to
them:' ; .. ' . -
SANGBrtf-Prospects for' hunting 1 here are
only ordinary. There | are some . deer in the
mountains, but It is necessary to take a pack
train and guide from here. The valley shoot
ing Is very fair, but most of the ranches are
placarded "No Shooting." . »-. .
TRUCKEB-Prospects for deer hunting
around here this season are good! i
GUINDA— Prospects for deer 'hunting In this
vicinity ar« not so good as further north and
west In Lake and Colusa counties. Hunters
plenty. ¦ • .--;.,•
MILTON— Deer reported plentiful in this* vi
cinity. . . .
Most of the Hunters Will
Leave Saturday After
Big Game.
Reports Collected by
The Gall From Hunt
ing Grounds.
DEER SEASON
OPENS TO-DAY
FROM SEATTLE.
Francisco Bay. Published by . official ;• au
thority of the Superintendent. • ; : ,
' NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) .y about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
• Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at - Fort- Point, entrance to San
Sun, Moon and Tide.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 31— Stmr Noord
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Oceanic, from
New York.
Sailed July 31— Stmr Waesland, for Queens
town and Philadelphia. . .
GLASGOW— Arrived July 31— Stmr Furnessla,
from New York. . .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived July SI— Stmr Maas
dam, from New York. . - ...
LONDON— Arrived July 81— Stmr Manltouy
from New York. ' ; *' ¦ " .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 80-^Stmr Kalnow,
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 81— Stmr Kal
serin Maria Theresa,. for New. York, via Cher
bourc. • • • ¦ '¦ .. •¦..¦•¦••'
NEW YORK— Sailed July 31— Stmr Mongolia,
for Glasgow ; atmr Teutonic, for Liverpool;
stmr Southwark, ¦ for Antweni.-. ¦ . '¦: •
NAPLES— Arrived July 31— Stmr Trave, from
New York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa, and pro
ceeded. : ¦: . ¦ ' ' • .
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 81— Stmr
China. . from San Francisco, i via Honolulu, Yo
kohama, Nagasaki . and " EhariKhal ; stmr Em
press oi China,' from Vancouver, . via Yokoha
ma, Kobe, Nagasaki and -Shanghai; stmr
Knight Companion,^ from Portland, Or,- via
Yokohama, " : ': .- ; :';•"¦
CORONEL— Sailed July 27— Stmr Cailfornian,
for San Francisco. • - i' - - _
MELEOURNE— In port July 12— Br ship Clan
Buchanan, for San Francisco.
NANTES— Sailed July 7— Fr bark Du Coue
dci, for San Francisco.
IQUIQUE— Sailed July 11— Br ahlp Iauique,
for San Francisco.
TOCOPILLA— Sailed • June E— Br bark Dun
britton, for Oregon. - ¦ .
HAMBURG— Sailed July 80— Ger ship Alice,
for Santa Rosalia; Ger ship C H Wat Jen, for
Port Los Anseles.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July SO— Br stmr . Kal
sow, tor Seattle., . ¦¦ ¦
FREMANTLE— Arrived July 81— Schr Chur
chill, from Columbia River.
GUAYMAS— Arrived July. 25— Schr Peerless,
from Grays Harbor. .;
NANAIMO— Arrived July 30— Nor stmr Tlta
nia, front 1 Port Los Angeles; Br stmr Milton,
hence July 25. . '^' ,,„ ,.
BRISTOL— Arrived July' 30— Br ship Comlle
bank. from Portland, Or.
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 30— Br. ship Hou
gomont, hence March 81. ¦ ' '
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July SO— Br bark In
vercoe, for San Francisco. .;¦ .
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Cleared July 28— Fr bark
Emperour Menelik, for San Francisco.
Sailed June 27— Shir St Paul, for Manila.
June 1— ShlD J B Walker, for Manila.
LONDON— Sailed July 30— Br ship Langdale,
for Honolulu. : ' ,- ¦
HONGKONG— Sailed July 17— Br stmr Glen
eak, for London. • '•¦',•¦
. SHANGHAI— Sailed July 17— Br «tmr Glen
foy, for Tacoma.
ocean; steamers. f ;
LONDON, July 31— Br stmr Strathmore, from
Melbourne May 26, for Port Natal, on which
60 per cent reinsurance was paid, has signaled
Mauritius- that her engines were disabled. As
sistance ia beins sent.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ~
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 31— Schr
Lizzie Vance, hence July 19.
Sailed July pi— Schr Jas A Garfleld and Chas
R Wilson, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 31— Schr Esther Buhne, hence
July 17; schr H D Bendlxen. hence July 18;
schr Lizzie Vance, . hence July 19. ¦ ¦ .¦•-. " ¦-.
ASTORIA— Arrived ' July 31— Stmr •Alliance/
hence July 27. . ' ' r
Sailed July 31— Br stmr Indravelll, for Hong
kong:.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 31— Bchr Alice
Cooke, for Honolulu.
' SAN DIEGO— Sailed July , 31— Br stmr. Car
lisle City, for ' Hongkong. .
EUREKA— Arrived : July 31— Bchr. .Alcalde,
hence July 22. •• -• •"¦•• -V-~ f '.' *! ¦¦¦-.•
Sailed'- July 31— Schr Fortuna, for San Fran
cisco; stairs North Fork • and San • Pedro, > for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 31— Schr Mary E
Rubs, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in July 31— Bark Gath
erer, hence July 16, for Tacoma; stmr Sena
tor, from Nome, for Seattle. ¦ ¦ •
SEATTLE— Sailed July 81— U S stmr Egbert,
for Nome and St Michael; U S stmr "Warren,
for Tacoma; etmr Arctic, for Nome.
PORT TOWN'SEND— Arrived July 31— Br ship
Balclutha, from Honolulu. *: -
TACOMA— Arrived July 30, at 8 p m— Stmr
Matteawan, hence July 23. July 81— U S stmr
'Warren, from Seattle.
Sailed July 31— Schr C S Holmes, for Ban
Pedro; ship Wm H Smith, for Honolulu; stmr
South Portland, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 30— Stmr Orizaba,
¦for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
June 13. lat 10 N, Ion 27 "W— Br ship Sierra
Blanca, from London, for San Diego.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, July '31,* 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
on Nunivak Island on July 13 In dense fog:.
No lives were lost. Transferred paeBensrers
and cart of crew to Senator.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
GASOLINE SCHOONER COUNTES3 QF RANFURLEY, BUILT FOR THE
NEW ZEALAND GOVERNMENT AND ENGINED BY THE UNION
GAS ENGINE COMPANY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 1.
Sun rises ,'.... ............ .5:12
Sun sets .: — 7:19
Moon rises ......7:45 p. m.
, j NEW ; YORK, . July : 31.— It ;. was fj &n
nounced to-day 'that the Lorillard colors
have been 1 registered , at" the .Jersey. Club
under the name of LB, Rancocas,'pre
sumably by Mrs. . Allien, to whom . Pierre
Lorillard 'bequeathed his horses and the
Rancocas stock farm. , : -. •
Lorillard; Colors ; Registered.
"Shortly after the death of his father
Pierre Lorillard Jr. claimed the right to
race them," said Crickmore. "That balks
the attempt of. Mrs. Allen' or any on©
else to use the Lorillard colors on horses
of Rancocas breeding or any other breed
ing.".- .- ' . -
; There was a story to-day that Mrs. Al
len had concluded to retain both Ranco
ca's and the racing establishment and un
der her own name and the Lorillard colors
continue to race : Lorillard's horses both
here and in England.
H. A. Crickmore Sr., racing secretary of
the Jockey Club,- however, declared most
emphatically that the story that Mrs. Al
len had paid the necessary $50 and claimed
for herself tho old Lorillard colors was
untrue, u ' : v, ; : . . ' '
NEW YORK, July 31.— It was an
nounced to-night that T. ' Suffern Taller,
son-in-law of the late Pierre Lorillard,
had j left here for Europe on Tuesday. Ib
Is thought his departure has an Important
bearing on the ultimate disposition of the
Lorillard racing stable. Appraisers are
already at work fixing the value of Ran
cocas and such horses as are there, and
Tailer's mission to England is believed to
be for the purpose of making a valuation
of the Lorillard horses in that country,
with a view of fixing the compensation
that Pierre Lorillard Jr., his mother and
two sisters purpose to offer Mrs. Allen to
relinquish her claim on Rancocas and the
Lorillard horses. ' - - • ; ;
APPRAISERS FIXING VALUE
OF LORILLAItD STABLE
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographio Of flee. - U.' S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
July 31, 1901. - -
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock, p. m., Greenwich time.
' C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
The only route having through sleeping
cat jservice' between San Francisco'and St.
Louis. daily. Stop-overs allowed 'at Salt
Lake City. -For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 226 California street.;:. ". "-•'¦'*• t r ¦'
ttlBiMtrtstffiTrtMfliriMBWlfflfln'TI'T 'Ttiii '"htWiEiii r i<
"Tlxe Missouri Pacific Limited."
i Experiments in '¦ France ! have proved convinc
ing, and the ' French '« believe . they : are ' certain
to play a role of much Importance in modern
warfare. It is odd to i note ¦ the ; different .uses
to which I nature ¦ and >' science " are put. : ¦ On the
¦battlefield they, fight for, the destruction of life,,
while .. throughout :': the :¦' country, «- Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters fights to preserve it. • .'. For fifty
years the Bitters has been curing dyspepsia, in
digestion, constipation and biliousness.. It will
also prevent malaria, fever and ague. , - - ;; ¦¦¦' •• n
Automobiles as Transport "Wagons.
*•- NOTE — In the above exposition | of - the . tides
the -early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive ) tides - of ,the
day In tha order of > occurrence • as ; to time of
day; the third -time column gives the last tide
of the day; except when ¦ there are ¦ but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. '-The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States ' Coast Survey charts, except : when c a
minus (— ) sign precedes the ; height, I and then
the number, given is subtracted from the depth
given by. the charts.^ The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Avidity Wins the Goodwood Plate.
LONDON. July 31.— Avidity won . the
Goodwood Plate at the Goodwood race
meeting to-day. Raid came in second and
E. Corrigan's Semper Vigilans (Thorpe)
finished third. Raid was disqualified for
bumping and -swerving and -St. Levan was
placed third. »
Richard Croker's Joe Ullman.(L. Reiff)
¦won the race for a sweepstakes ' of £5
each and £100 added, for two-year-olds
end upward,. six furlongs. Lily Palmer (C.
Jenlcins) second and Ml Novia' (J. Reiff)
third.
. ; Wednesday, July jl
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka. ; ¦ .
¦ Stmr Fulton. Levlnson, . - .• ,
'- Stmr Celia, Hiezins, .
' Tug Warrior, Olsen, San Pedro. '¦
' Brie . Consuelo.' , Page, .
• ,, • MISCELLANEOUS. :£:> :t%? '¦
. SEATTLE,' July 31 — Stmr Senator from Nome
reports stmr Chas r> Lane* from Nome wrecked
SAILED.
Wednesday, - July 31.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. ¦',¦¦¦
BriB Cdnsuelo, Paee, " Mahukona ; The Chas
Neleon Co. ' ¦ " ' ' - ! - \ ¦ " • v. • ¦ .•
Wednesday, July 31.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
fitmr '¦ Fulton. ; Levlnson, 41 hours . from Re
dondo.
. Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen, 35 hours from Re
dondo. . ¦ ' '
Stmr Scotia. Walvljr.#16 hours from Albion.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 15 hours from Cas
par. ¦¦ • ., .. . ¦-
Stmr Luella, Jacobs, 19 hours from Usal.
Stmr Greenwood, Faperlund, 20 hours from
Cleone.- • " .
Stmr ¦ Umatilla. Cousins, 60 hours from Vic
toria and Fusret Sound ports. .
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, S$S days from
Nanalmo.
Bktn W H Dimond, Hanson, 22 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Llllebonne, Hansen, 41 days from Pago
Pacro. - .
Schr C T Hill. Llndahl, 6 days from Eureka.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevlg, 3 da>« from
Eureka. . ' .. ¦ | . •
Se.hr Guide, Olsen, 11 days from Grays Har
bor. ¦ - •-: ..- . --•¦¦.¦- .-, .-. •-
Schr Newark, . Crangle, 16. hours from Rough
and Ready.' - . .......
< CLEARED. — . : ' " :
Shipping; Intelligence
ARRIVED.
Notice to Mariners.
CRESCENT CITY— CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that the bell buoy at
Crescent City, California, that dragged out of
position, is now on the east side of the chan
nel, about 160 feet north by east one-half east
of the two-foot rock. The buoy has been paint
ed red and the bell does not ring;. This buoy
should be left to the eastward. This buoy will
be removed as Boon as practicable.
The regular bell buoy, • painted black, Is in
position about 300 feet east-southeast of Faunt
leroy Rock, and should - be left to the west
ward. By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE, Commander U. 8. N.,-
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
There will be some grood coursing Satur
day and Sunday if the dogs that were
matched at the drawing "held last night by
the Union Coursing* Park Association are
in good condition. The lovers of the sport
will have ample opportunity to make
many a good wager on the result of the
tries for the two stakes, as all the dogs
entered are top-notchers. The following
dogs are matched for the open stake:
Pickpocket, vs. Master • Gordon ; Olita - vs.
Tyrone Prince; Prompto vs. Silver Lyon; Ire
land vs. Itoxana; Faraway vs. Herschel's
Pride; Norah vs. For Liberty; Lavender vs.
Crocket Hill; Tom Hurlick v*. Lady Clare;
Bright Gold vs. America; Rosie R vs. Fly-by-
Nlgrht; Royal Union vs. Vulcan; Sisquoc vs.
Silver Cloud; First Foot vs. Agamemnon; Game
Boy vs. Rocker; . Loyal Lad vs. Regina R;
Tlburon vs. Dewdrop; Miss Brummel vs. Sweet
Emma; Narcissus vs. Greenback; Railway
Boy vs. Iowa Lad; Brutus vs. M6dest Lad;
Sir Pitt vs. Rude Awakening: Hot Haste vs.
War Eagle; 'White Hat vs. Candelaria; Mon
tana Belle vs. McKinley; Honesty vs Copper
Klnr; Lord Beaconefleld vs. Rustic Arbor;
Boney Boy vs. Ripple; Shadow vs. Sleigh
Belle; " Password vs. Anchor: Patriot vs.
AchlUee: Roped Arena, vs. Master Lawrence;
Flying Fox vs. Laurence; Royal. Flush vs.
Spiteful ; Mose vs. Fontenoy; Johnnie R vs.
Motto; Blackhead vs. Bona Magnlflca; For
Glory vs. Liberation; Freeze Out vs. Palo Alto;
Bonnie Pasha vs. TVedgewood; Mayflower vs.
For Freedom; CasUwaysvs. Master Workman;
Best Bargain vs. Jimmy Anthony: Sir Pasha
vs. Coronado; Real Article vs. Bill Foster.
The entries for the sapling stake follow:
Pasha Girl vs. Satanella; Pasha Belle vs.
Cobweb; Lady Oianmire vs. Morena; Fiery
Friend, vs. Hetty Green; Emln Bey vs. Reach-
Ing Ahead; Lafly Passage vs. Flowery Friend;
Glaucus vs. Dora Doe; Republic vs. Lady Lou.
The Adato will load Lumber at Portland for
Taku, chartered priar . to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping. Merchants.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.*
Draw for Sapling and
Open Stakes Prom
ises Well.
The steamer Fulton came in from Re
dondo, but put to sea again for up the
coast as soon as the captain learned of
the condition of things on the front.
Maggie Patterson got into a row with
some wat^r front friends yesterday. She
was badly beaten about the head and
slashed with a knife on the lower portion
of her body. Her wounds were i dressed
at the Harbor Hospital.
The schooner L-illebonne arrived from
Pago Pago yesterday after a good run of
41 days. She took down from Grays Har
bor the lumber for the Government houses
to be built at the naval station.
The brie Consuelo and the steamship
Pomona were the only vessels that sailed
yesterday. There were' no clearances at
the Custom-house. Ferris Hartman and
thirty-five of the Tivoli people were
among the passengers on the Pomona for
Eureka. The Consuelo managed to secure
a crew and sailed for Mahukona.
. "Water Front Notes.
Sailing race, first prize $70; obstacle race,
first prize $30; potato race, first prize $15; sack
race, first prize $20; egg race, first prize $10,
three-legged race, first prize $20; wheelbarrow
race, first prize $20; go-as-you-please, twenty
minutes, first prize $20, 6econd prize $10; ten
oared cutter race, first prize $110; eix-oared
gig or whaleboat race, first prize $70; punt race
(four shovels), first prize $20; boxing contest,
eix rounds, 135 to 145 pounds, first prize $100;
boxing contest, six rounds, 110 to 120 pounds,
first prize $75; swimming race, one-quarter of a
mile, first prize $30, . second prize $20; tub div
ing, first prize $10.
In the evening there was a minstrel per
formance, winding up with a pie-eating
race. D. H. Haines had the whole affair
in charge and was complimented on the
success that was achieved.
The Fourth, on the Kentucky.
The officers and crew of the flagship
Kentucky had a glorious time on the
Fourth in Manila Bay. Here is; the pro
gramme of the day's events:
England has annexed another! island In
the Southern Seas. Niuo or Savage Isl
and is now a British possession and will
be governed from New Zealand, as will
also Raratonga or Cook group. In order
to have regular communication with
Auckland, New Zealand, and thus with
tho outside world by way of the San
Francisco mail service, the Governor of
the new territory had a handsome schoon
er bunt at Auckland and sent to the Union
Gas Engine Company here for an 85
horsepower engine to put in the ' vessel.
The machinery is now on its way and the
schooner when completed will 'be- called
Countess of Ranf urley, after the wife of
the Governor of New Zealand. She Is to
make her first trip this month to the Cook
group with officials who will initiate the
new system of government under the
British flag. The government is to be by
native chiefs under a resident agent of
the New Zealand Government. , ¦ . . '
Francisco Engined Craft.:
New Zealand Takes Kindly to the San
GASOLINE VESSELS IN DEMAND.
SPEEDY HOUNDS
ARE MATCHED
In the two succeeding heats, which
Steve 8 won in 2:24% and 2:2S%, It seemed
as though he almost outclassed his com
petitors, although Belle Hansen was a
good second in these heats.
The 2:13-class pace furnished a surprise,
the almost unknown chestnut gelding El
Diablo, selling as an outsider in the
books, winning from Doc Wilkes, who sold
at 12, King Cadenza' 8 to $2, Margaretta
S5, and John A at S to 5.
In the first heat Margaretta, the 5 to 1
shot, led from wire to wire and won by a
half length from Doc Wilkes in 2:12»4. El
Diablo -was at the tetter's wheel, John A
fourth and King Cadenza last. Before tho
next heat aucuon pools sold, Diablo $10,
John A 54, field $7. Margaretta led to the
half. Doc Wilkes at her shoulder. El
Diablo a length behind, John A and Ca
denza herding them. El Diablo pulled to
the outside, went around the leaders like
a cooper around a barrel, and came home
la 2:12>i. Doc Wilkes was second and
John A third. I
Pools shifted and bettors, remembering
the performances cf Sir Albert S yester
day, backed Diablo off the boards. He
won the next two heats in hollow fashion,
2:15^ and 2:17. He is a racehorse of high
class.
The novelty of seeing a half-mile race,
three in five, for the 2:23-class trotters,
attracted the attention of every one. Very
little betting was done, it being conceded
to be almost a "cinch" that Ho Tow's
beautiful McKinney mare Solo would win,
especially . as Bunch, the driver, was
arrayed in such colors that all the rest of
the reinsmen did not dare -to pass him,
eo intent were they in studying the life
like dragon which adorned his back. He
had the fastest and truest little mare
there, and Starter Cohen sent them u la
Fergnson with a flying start at the half.
Solo won the three heats in 1:10, 1:06)4 and
1:09. Bunch was loudly applauded for his
splendid driving. It was a battle from
start to finish. Following are the sum
maries;
Against time to beat 2:31:
Iloilo. b. p.. by Welcome 2:11, dam by Nut
, wood Wilkes (Simpson) :... 1
Time. 2:29%.
Isabel, br. m.. by McKinney 2:12, dam Cricket
2:10 (Simpson) ;; 1
Time. 2:29%.
Speedway Stakes, members of Golden Gate
Driving? Club, three in five:
Steve S. by Steve Whipple (Sweet)...... Ill
Belle Hansen (Miller) 4 2 2
Denny Healey (Cuicello) ...;...., 2 S 3
Joe Bonney and Imp distanced.
Time. 2:25%. 2:24%, 2:28%.
2:18 class pacing,- purse $1000:
El Diablo, ch. g., by Diablo (Farrar).. 8 111
Margaretta. blk. m.. by Direct (Laf
ferty) 18 4 3
John A (Austin) .'. 4 3 2 2
Doc Wilkes (Brown) 2 2 3 5
King Cadenza (Dunlap) - 5 5 5 4
.Time. 2:12%, 2:lTi4, 2:15%. 2:17.
2:23 class trotting,- half-mile heats:
Solo, b. m.. by McKinney (Bunch) Ill
Peter Jackson (De Poister) 3 4 2
Quiboul (Clark) i 2 8 4
Almonado (Delaney) ,..'. fi'2 3
Menlo Belle (Richard?) 4 5 d
Time. 1:10. 1:06%, 1:09.
traordinary the attendance at the race
track "was very fair, and those who with
stood the beat had no reason to regret
their visit. Among the persons in ¦ the
grand stand was Ho Yow, Chinese Consul
at San 1 Francisco. One of his famous trot
ters was in a race and won. Bunch, the
driver of this winner. Solo, had a magnifi
cent set of colors. The scarlet cap sur
mounted with button and tassel harmon
ized well with the Cambridge blue jacket,
on the back of which was emblazoned a
beautifully embroidered dragon.
The race judges were A. G. Viurnett, D.
Flint and William G. Layng, umers— John
A. McKerron, John W. Tnomas and W.
P. Harkey. At 1 o'clock two of H. W.
Meek's horses. Iloilo and Isabel, started to
beat 2:3L The former got a record of
2:25%, -Uie latter 2:28%.' The Speedway
stakes, to be contested for by horses
owped by members of the Golden Gate
Driving' Club of San Francisco, followed.
The entries and prices set by the book
makers for each were as follows: Belle
Hansen $1, Steve S $2, Joe Bonney$3, Imp
?2 and Denny Healey 5L
Starter Al Cohen sent them away on
the third score. Imp led to -the half, broke
and never regained his stride until all the
others were 300 yards in front. Steve' S
took the lead, and Denny Healey recov
ered froia a. disastrous break and covered
a half-mile in excellent time. He could
only get within a length of Steve S at the
finish In 2:25Vi.
SACHAMEXTO, July 3L—Notwithstand
ing the fact that the thermometer regis
tered 10S In the shade to-day and the pro
gramme of races contained nothing ex-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦m.. — * — ¦
Driver's Gorgeous Attire Daz
zles the Other Reins
men.
W. F. Babcock, Captain James Bruce
and Howard C, Holmes, representing the
San Francisco TOrydock Company, and E.
Emery and C. H. S. Pratt, representing
the Arctic Oil Works, were present in
reference to the -removal of the floating
docks from Spear street to a point oppo
site Santa Clara and Center streets, ad
joining the Arctic Oil Works. The repre
sentatives of the drydock asked that re
pair wharves to cost about $S5,000 be built.
The Commissioners could not see where
the money was to come from, but the
drydock people showed that the desired
structures were an absolute necessity. No
action was taken in <he matter, but when
Commissioner Kirkpatrick returns from
bis vacation the chances are that the
matter will be settled. ;
The Santa Fe asked permission to run
rails across the outer half of Bryant street
and upon the wharves in that locality.
The drydock people objected, and a con
ference will be held to settle the matter.
The chief engineer was instructed to
call for informal bids for an addition to
the office buildings on the transport
wharf. The work will be -done at once,
providing the army officials remove the
paint shop now located on the bulkhead.
H. . Anderson, has had a '.'toredo-proof
pile" in the mud at old fisherman's wharf
for the last twelve ¦ years. He now asks
the' commission to draw the pile and see
how it has stood the test. The matter
was referred to the chief engineer.
Williams, Dimond & Co. asked that
the old structures that menace Steuart
street wharf be removed. Many of them
are on State property and the others are
on city property. A fire started in one of
them would sweep Steuart-street wharf.
The matter was referred to the board's
attorney for an opinion. •
The Ariel Rowing Club asked for a club
house site at the foot of King street. The
matter was referred to the chief wharf
inger. ' •
certain transfer men against Chief
¦WTiarflnger Henderson was begun. F. W.
Kotelman and several! other witnesses
told their stories, and -then the matter
•went over until ex-Governor Budd returns
from his vacation. There was apparently
so little of real merit to the charges that
the Commissioners wanted to pass the
whole matter, but Chief Wharfinger Hen
derson Insisted upon having the charges
gone Into fully. - :
p"r»=^ HE State Board of Harbor Com-
I missioners held two sessions yes
1 terday. In the morning the inves-
JA tigation into the charges made by-
Chinese Consul's Trotter
Solo First at Sac
ramento.
HO YOW'S MARE
A GREAT WINER
MENACE TO SHIPPING ON TRANSPORT
WHARF MUST BE REMOVED AT ONCE
State Board of Harbor Gommissioners Makes It Contingent
Upon the Erection of More Office Room for the Use
the Government— Henderson Investigation Goes Over
.' •- - .¦¦¦.¦ ¦ . ¦¦-..¦ '->¦¦ -...--> ¦¦¦¦.. , - . . - -r. • ... >. . - . ¦-.../. ; - ¦ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. AIJGrJJST 1 ;;; ;1901
4
Time Time '¦¦¦¦' Time
L W ' H W ' h W
"l~".. 5:51-0.4 12:51 6.2 ' 5:57
H W. L. W |H W
2-.. 0:05 6.6 6:31 0.0 1:24
3.. ; 0:56 < 6.3 7:11 0.3 i-l:B9
4 '¦¦'.; ' 1:50 5.0 7:67 0.9 .'2:36
6-... ' 2:52 4.6 8:41 1.4 3:16
6 .. 4:07 4.3 8:29 1.9 4:06
7 ... ! 6:34 4.0 10:22 *- 2.4 4:58
5S
Time
H W
Ft.
2.0
6.3
S.4
'6.4
¦¦ 5.5
5.6
6.7
L W
6:48
. 7:40
' 8:39
9:41
10:57
.1.8
1.5
•1.2
¦ i;o
0.7
....-.:
I.....
Steamer.
Destination. ,
[Sails.
Pier.
R. Dollar.....
State of Cal..
Acme
Hermonthis..
Czarina
Sierra...^...-..
Columbia
Conemaugh..
Empire
Eureka
Coptic
Despatch....
Corona
Arcata
August 1. ¦
Seattle & Had lock.
San Diego & "Way.
Siuslaw River.:....
Hamburg & Way;.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Sydney & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland
Augrust 2.
Nome & St. Michael
Coos Bay ..........
Humbold t ...........
China and Japan..
Angut 3.
Seattle & Falrhavn
San Diego
Coos Bay
August 4.
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt ~
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Angaat 5.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Coqullle River ....
Point -Arena...:....
Angrnst 6.
Tahiti direct
Astoria & Portland
Seattle & N. What
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro & Way.
6 pm
9 am
3 pm
5 pm
10 am
11 am
10 am
10 am
9 am
1 pm.
5 pm
9 am
12 xn
Pier 3
Pier 11
Pier 13
S wall 2
Pier 8
Pier 7
Pier 24
Pier 84
Pier 13
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 13
Umatilla
San Pedro....
North Fork..
Santa Rosa. .
11 am
10 am
9 am.
9 ami
Pier t
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pomona
Santa Barb..
Mandalay....
Point Arena..
1:30 p
10 am
4 pm
2 pm
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 2
Australia
G. W. Elder.
Rainier.......
Aconcagua...
Bonita........
10 am
11 am
5 pm
12. m
9 am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 10
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Cottage City... Skagruay & Way Ports
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael...
City of Topeka. Skagruay & Way Ports
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports
Farallon Skaguay i & Way Ports
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports..
Centennial..... Nome & Teller City....
Augr. l
Aug. l
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 6
Aug. 8
Aug. 8
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Empire
City of Sydney
Corona
North Fork....
Rival
Santa Rosa.....
Aconcagua....;
Arcata
America Maru.
Rainier
Point Arena.;..
Mandalay
Despatch
Pomona
G. W. Elder....
Matteawan
Milton
G. Dollar
Coronado
Santa Barbara;
Bonita. .........
Washtenaw. . . .
City of Puebla.
Neko
South Portland
Titania:
Eureka
Argyll
W. H. Kruger..
Zealandla
Coos Bay
Panama & Way Ports.
Newport & Way Ports
Humboldt ..'.
WUlapa Harbor.........
San Diego &Way Pts.
Valparaiso & "Way Pts.
Coos Bay
China and Japan
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Point Arena
Coqullle River...
San Pedro .
Humboldt
Portland & Astoria....
Tacoma
Nanaimo
Grays Harbor .'.
Grays Harbor
San" Pedro 'T. .:'..;. .'.".".'.
Kan Pedro &¦ Way Pts.
Tacoma
Puget Sound' Ports....
Hamburg & Way Ports
Tacoma
Nanaimo
Humboldt
New York via Panama
Tillamook Bay .
Honolulu '
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. S
Aug. 3
Aug. 8
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 5
Aug. 5
Aug.. 5
Aug. 5
Aug. 5
Aug. 6
Aug. 6
Aug.' 7
Steamer.
Destination. ,
[Sails.
Pier.
R. Dollar.....
State of Cal..
Acme
Hermonthis..
Czarina
Sierra...^...-..
Columbia
Conemaugh..
Empire
Eureka
Coptic
Despatch....
Corona
Arcata
August 1. ¦
Seattle & Had lock.
San Diego & "Way.
Siuslaw River.:....
Hamburg & Way;.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Sydney & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland
Augrust 2.
Nome & St. Michael
Coos Bay ..........
Humbold t ...........
China and Japan..
Angut 3.
Seattle & Falrhavn
San Diego
Coos Bay
August 4.
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt ~
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Angaat 5.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Coqullle River ....
Point -Arena...:....
Angrnst 6.
Tahiti direct
Astoria & Portland
Seattle & N. What
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro & Way.
6 pm
9 am
3 pm
5 pm
10 am
11 am
10 am
10 am
9 am
1 pm.
5 pm
9 am
12 xn
Pier 3
Pier 11
Pier 13
S wall 2
Pier 8
Pier 7
Pier 24
Pier 84
Pier 13
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 13
Umatilla
San Pedro....
North Fork..
Santa Rosa. .
11 am
10 am
9 am.
9 ami
Pier t
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pomona
Santa Barb..
Mandalay....
Point Arena..
1:30 p
10 am
4 pm
2 pm
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 2
Australia
G. W. Elder.
Rainier.......
Aconcagua...
Bonita........
10 am
11 am
5 pm
12. m
9 am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 10
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Cottage City... Skagruay & Way Ports
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael...
City of Topeka. Skagruay & Way Ports
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports
Farallon Skaguay i & Way Ports
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports..
Centennial..... Nome & Teller City....
Augr. l
Aug. l
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 6
Aug. 8
Aug. 8
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Time Time '¦¦¦¦' Time
L W ' H W ' h W
"l~".. 5:51-0.4 12:51 6.2 ' 5:57
H W. L. W |H W
2-.. 0:05 6.6 6:31 0.0 1:24
3.. ; 0:56 < 6.3 7:11 0.3 i-l:B9
4 '¦¦'.; ' 1:50 5.0 7:67 0.9 .'2:36
6-... ' 2:52 4.6 8:41 1.4 3:16
6 .. 4:07 4.3 8:29 1.9 4:06
7 ... ! 6:34 4.0 10:22 *- 2.4 4:58
5S
Time
H W
Ft.
2.0
6.3
S.4
'6.4
¦¦ 5.5
5.6
6.7
L W
6:48
. 7:40
' 8:39
9:41
10:57
.1.8
1.5
•1.2
¦ i;o
0.7
....-.:
I.....
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Empire
City of Sydney
Corona
North Fork....
Rival
Santa Rosa.....
Aconcagua....;
Arcata
America Maru.
Rainier
Point Arena.;..
Mandalay
Despatch
Pomona
G. W. Elder....
Matteawan
Milton
G. Dollar
Coronado
Santa Barbara;
Bonita. .........
Washtenaw. . . .
City of Puebla.
Neko
South Portland
Titania:
Eureka
Argyll
W. H. Kruger..
Zealandla
Coos Bay
Panama & Way Ports.
Newport & Way Ports
Humboldt ..'.
WUlapa Harbor.........
San Diego &Way Pts.
Valparaiso & "Way Pts.
Coos Bay
China and Japan
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Point Arena
Coqullle River...
San Pedro .
Humboldt
Portland & Astoria....
Tacoma
Nanaimo
Grays Harbor .'.
Grays Harbor
San" Pedro 'T. .:'..;. .'.".".'.
Kan Pedro &¦ Way Pts.
Tacoma
Puget Sound' Ports....
Hamburg & Way Ports
Tacoma
Nanaimo
Humboldt
New York via Panama
Tillamook Bay .
Honolulu '
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. S
Aug. 3
Aug. 8
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 4
Aug. 5
Aug. 5
Aug.. 5
Aug. 5
Aug. 5
Aug. 6
Aug. 6
Aug.' 7
Delightful Surroundings and \yfTTpR
Excellent Accommodations at TT 1 1 iLn
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach, Liver. Kidney,
Bladder. Bkln and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured. ,
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Uklah.
ROrrNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
TWITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY."
Upper Lake P. O., Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. M.
BIO OAK FLAT AND TOSEMTTB STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2& hours first afternoon and 8 hours next day.
arriving at Yosemlte Valley, 5 p^m^Sendfor
illustrated folder. WM. J. TT G «°-
Agent. 630 Market St., opposite Palac* Hotel.
8. F.; tel^ Black 3571. ¦
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BYRON HOT SPRINGS,
Although nearly destroyed by
fire this week, will be ready for
guests July 31. Write for rooms
before starting. A. . Bettons,
MgT. Call on Lombard & Co.,
room 30, 36 Geary st
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
t-x m* m r% r%e% hot springs, sonoma
OA/lC/C/U Ban Francisco: but 9 miles
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages: rpund
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 8.80 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
*12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery : St.. or of J. F. MTJL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal. ¦
...NAPA... I Napa GoantyJ
1SODA SPRINGS! Cal - |
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OP ALL HEALTH
resorts. __ , . .-
¦ Rates J10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m. -
For further information address
fix. a. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
Hair preparations and dandruff cures, as
a rule, are sticky or Irritating 1 affairs, that
do no earthly good. Hair when not dis-
eased grows naturally . luxuriantly. Dan-
druff is the cause of nine-tenths of all
hair trouble, and dandruff is caused by a
germ. The only way to cure dandruff is
to kill the germ, and so far the only hair
preparation that will positively destroy
the germ Is Newbro's Herpicide— absolute-
ly harmless, free from grease, sediment,
dye matter or dangerous drugs.' It allays
itching Instantly; makes hair . glossy . and
soft as silk. "Destroy the cause, you re-
move the effect" — dandruff. .
Grows Luxuriantly.
When it Is Free From Dandruff, It
HAIR 2TATTJHAiLI,Y ABUNDANT.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California; lots amusements; fins walks;
all mineral waters. Rates $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office.
918 Larkln St., S. F. DRURT & KROEGER.
MARK WEST
fS fl SPRINGS
WILBUR HOT-SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek, Colusa Co., Cal., 28 miles by
stage west of Williams, fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatism, - dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths. $10 a week. ' WM. OELGEART,
proprietor. . •*" - ¦
flammato
\j£?r<L STRICTLY RELIABLE,
: '- : \zA MEN
lEfi^^,, . ONLY!
I wSaSil^ R^ PAR THE
/IV^JKkv *-* greater number of
- j»r fjtC Sri N. pitlenta seeking . relief
I AtoS&Z&h \\ fCT eo-called weakness
/L/ t^fRJ// \» 1 are Btron *> robust men In
r?* l\ &J // *^v' ; every other respect. Our
\\ l\ Kt\/t // theory that Loss of Vltal-
V\ I \ fly I '// • Ity ¦. Prematureness, etc.,
are not weaknesses. • but the symptoms of In-
flammatory processes I In the Prostate £ Gland
(so-called neck, of bladder) caused by con.
traded disorders and early dissipation. Is now
being adopted by the leading* specialists of the
world. Under - our local plan of treatment.
directed : toward reducing tha enlarged and
swollen Prostate, Immediate results, as . Indl- .
cated by increased circulation and I renewed
strength, are observed. , Our. colored chart of
the organs, which we send free on application.
Is interesting to - any one -wishing • to study . tb*
anatomy of the male. - -' ajy Wfa^frmtl
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
OWN A HOME^f/r/rFCAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker.* $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sausallto ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. .
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing ¦ on the lake. Fishing ¦ and hunting.
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erats hire; $2 per day, or $10, (12 and 114 per
week. Postofflce. telephone. - A. L. FROST
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal. .
RUBICON PARK,
In the - Santa Cruz Mountains.' Rare sport
during the deer season. : Pack < of hounds
swimming and fine table. Address VIC PON-
CELET. Llasras. Cal.,. _ , .
MOUNTAIN HOME.
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
CB 1051 MAESST ST. tat. 6±47th, S.F.Cal.
. ' JZfi "" The Lareest Anatomical Museum in tbe
- ¦*Tvg?tk - World -.' we«kne»ses or any contracted
W§ WSl *sease posllUely cared by the oldest
Iggl bpecialist on the Coast Est. 36 years.
flwjfff OR. JORDAN-LiSEASES OF MEN
VtfSnkB Consultation free and strictly private.
I qV| Tr«atment personally or by letter. A
1 U: H ¦ " MI '** W Cw * la wy case undertaVen.
r ii 11 It ' Write for Book . PniLosopja y *r
• fl j|T ¦A»niACE. MAILED FREE. (A.
'-' fl ' tr '- valu * ble book for mrn) • ; ...
OB.JOBDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F.
VI SIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
Trains leave 3d and Towriaend 9 am. and 2-45
ERTSON! ly prop? r pamphIct9 '""resa K. KOB-
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
BEN LOMOND.
"Park House" in the Santa Cruz Mountains; 5
minutes from station; .fine scenery; fishing
hunting, fine drives,, free carriage . meets ali
trains. - . • MRS." I. \N. HAYES.
CHEAPEST and! best tn 'America— Th« Weekly «
Call. . is pages,- sent to any address in tn» I
United , States, or Canada* on«; year, for |L '
HOTEL BEN VENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake ;• home cooking-
*7 per week and .upward. F. -and A-' M.
SCALES, Lakeport, Lake County,- CaL
THE LAUREL, JjO3 Gatos— First-class family
a boarding-house; home cooking; beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes* walk to town. Terms.
M to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MISS . A. HAMILTON. Props.
DR. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR fiWCTg
Five hundred reward for any
case wo cannot cure. This secret ¦"¦ HW
remedy . stops ' losses > in - 2i : hours, E B :% '\ ' m
cures Emissions, . Impotency, -Varl- 1 EHi
cocele. Strictures. Gleet. Drains, |7iPl ST^n
Loot Manhood and all other wast- LfaMJ UJiJ
ing effects of self-abuse or excess- gWB. -pgM
es. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, MBBSSB
$5; guaranteed Ito r cure -¦ ' any.-; case.' Address
HALL' S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. . 855 * Broad-
way, ¦ Oakland. ;» Cal."- . Also - for ¦ sale at 1073^4
Market st., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. .' Bend for free book.
f>LANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen miles from
sr~ Cazadero, on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance for
parties of. 2 or more; grand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttringer. ' Seavlew, Sonoma Co.. or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front St.. for particulars.
LAKE COUNTY-New 19-passenger Yoaemlt*
Stage, all outside scats. Leaves Callstoga
daily (Sundays excented) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
- to Harbin. Seieler. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son. Astorsrs and Glenbrook; -buy rotmd-trlp
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga;
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvill*
and Lakeport. WM, SPIER9. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT. SPRINO3
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stagei connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Honland at
13:30; arrive at Lakesort at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New e-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for th!»
stage line, with air the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stasa Line. -. . -
MILLER & HOWARD, Proprietors.
CAMP TAYinB Cottages, camping, nshlns:
CAflir 1AILUK 29 m ii ea tnm s . F . ; m th9
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. G. MARTIN, Proprietor.
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C. C. Fos3* Stage Una from Callstoga.
The scenic route. Livery in connection. C. G.
FOSS. Proprietor. Callstoga. CaL
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. U
per week. H. B. LAWLET. Callstoga. CaL
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
$7 a week: camping privileges, Jl 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
|1 per day and upward. PETER GOUTLHAR-
DOU. Lessee.
BEIlLEVUE HOTEL.
LAUREL DELL LAKE,
Most attractive place In Lake County t«
spend a vacation. Boating, bathinjr. bowling",
eta. Accommodations - now for 250 people.
Write for circular. EDGAR DURNAN, Laurel
Dell. Lalca Co.. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME^T el £»o *£¦
altitude. No fog; climate 'delightful. L&rgs
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold baths.
Spring water. Rates, $7 week up. Stags meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa, CaL
For rest and health 1N THE SIERRAS
near Cotfax on C. P. R. B. Elevation last right—
£400 ft— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table ; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $3.00 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Spring, Coltax, Cal.
The only place in the United States whers
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric "Waters; Champagne - Batna; Spring*
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. .. J. A. BEDEMETER & CO..
Proprietors.
VICHY SPRINGS,
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per*
feet; IS miles from Truckee, in an unbroken)
forest. Further Information Traveler office. 29
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS.
Truckee. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
2Vt hours' ride from S. F. ; 5 miles from Va-
Ilejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotal and Cottages renovated. Lake for boatlns
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. S3 to 110 & week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Vallojo. Cat.
Finest fishing, hunttns and health resort oa
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $3 60 per day: $10 to Jit per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery st.. or
address EDSOM BROS.. Beswick. Sisklyou
County, CaL 'j ' : - -_"•
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, lares hall.
Pianos, billiard, pool and other sanies; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Bound trip by itmr.
Point Arena, $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.', 24
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansome St.,
or DR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point Arena. CaU
8. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Cow
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOT GOOO
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
TITHE SEASIDE RESORT OF CE3JTRAI*
* California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp. Capitola. Cal.
CAPITOLA
Wi Hours' Ride From Lo« Anselej. C»J-
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IK THE TOEST,
Third Annual Rod and Reel Flshlss Tonr*
nament. auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season 01 our Famous Marine Baad. •
The Society Resort. I
The Sportsman's Paradise. „____ «
HOTEL METROPOLE and COTJ2JTRT CZaJS
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates. un!au» •*•
ransemeats far camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets apply to N ? ';¦'-*
E. C. PECK, A«ent.
10 Montgomery st. San Francisco,
Or BANNING CO..
123 South Spring St.. Lea Angeles. Cat
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND*
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
» First Street. San Fmnclsea.
PRINTING.
E. C- HUGHES. ni Sansome st.. 3. V.
FRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CQr g ay ? te |.jf u^ u Ti 2 a' >i
OILS. I
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD St ELLI3.
418 Front it.. 8. F. Phone Main ffla.
/lttbricattng oils, ensign a a j£? UF^
f FICK. 23 Sp«ar St.. S. F. Tel. Main 5330.
Pioneer Dry .Goods Store.
LADIES* JERSEY RIBBED BLUE VEST3
S for 15c *0c and 23c Linen Collars at 3 for
Z5cV lir£e Linen Spools 2 for 5c. at 105 Fifth.
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, : Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. , A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID - LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price. - .
SIOOEADAOHi
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
St Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahl*
& Co (est'd. 1S52'» 409 Market st.: upon., In-
stallment or rented: also beer apparatus.
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
DIREGTORY
COAU COKE AN J PICJ IROM. .
Jr TOTI CAV £ Ct\ 9°° Battery Street.
• C- WILSON & LU-» Telephone Mala 1384.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS SSi& a TSS'
lag. Numerous Mineral Springs of gr«»J. vlr :
tue. Finest Hotel Accommodations nortn or
Ban Francisco. Hot and Cold Mineral Bat* 3 ;
Competent Masseurs. Bowlln* Alley, Tennis
Courts, Swimming Tanks, Croquet,* Shuffle-
boatd. Fine Roads and Trails. Riding and
Drivlne Horaes. Best Deer Huntlnjt In La««
County. Competent Guides. Good Hunting Am"
mals. THE FALL AND WINTER RATES
WILL BE IN FORCE AUGUST l»t, IN-
STEAD OF SEPT. 1st. as formerly. Rooms in
Small Hotel. $10 per week. Rooms In Cottages,
$13 per week for one In room. *20 for two m
room. Rooms In Main Hotel. $1* «>d
$14 for one person, $20 and $24 for
two in room. Call on L. D. CRAIO,
316 Montgomery St.: The Traveler Of-
flce. 20 Montgomery St.. or MRS. KATE J.
WILLATS. room 64. Flood bldff.. San Fran-
cisco, or write direct to CRAIG & WARNER.
Highland Springs, Cal. •;¦ •"-. • ¦ - '
iiiCARTEffS
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSD AY; AUG UST 1, 1901.
PRESIDENT'S RELATIVE AP
POINTED THIRD ASSISTANT
U. S. DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT AT
TORNEY W00DW0RTH re
ceived a telegram from the At
torney General at Washington
yesterday announcing that Ben
jamin I* McKinley of this city had been
appointed Third Assistant United States
Attorney for the Northern District of Cal
ifornia, at a salary of $2000 per annum.
Mr. McKinley took the oath of office be
fore United States Commissioner Manley
and entered upon his duties, yesterday.
The appointee is a cousin of President .
McKinley and is the son of Assistant"
Postmaster Benjamin McKinley pt this j
city, the President's uncle. Young Me- !
Kinley is a native of San Francisco and '
27 years old. He attended the public <
schools here for some time and later grad- j <
uated from St. Ignatius College as a 1
bachelor of arts. He graduated from the j
Hastings Law College in the class of 1896, I
since which time he has been engaged 1
in the practice of the law, having been ]
admitted as an attorney before the United
States Supreme Court and the State and
Federal courts of California.
The office of Third Assistant United
States Attorney is a new one, having been
created because of the recent Increase of
business in the San Francisco office one
assistant being required in the United
States Circuit Court, another in the Dis
trict Court and the third in Commissioner
Heacock's court.
Suffrage in Alabama!
LONDON, July 31.— Mrs. Sarah H. Col
lins, an American, and a first-class pas
senger on th« steamer : Furnesia from
New York, jily 20, for Glasgow, was
yesterday fliu*l.£2 10s with costs at.Bel
fast ; for havitg three pounds - of tobacco
1 in her trunk. | ¦$&WWmS8EEB&
Had Tobacco in Her Trunk.
LITTLE . ROCK, Ark., July 31.— Ten
thousand persons saw Jim Anderson,' a
negro, hanged here last Friday. Among
the spectators was young Lemoyne Jayne,
a son of Porter Jayne, a carpenter. After
the execution the lad inspected the scaf
fold and to-day, completed a miniature
scaffold. He Invited one of his playmates
to take the place of the condemned man.
Falling in this he sought to play the dual
role of executioner, and the person con
demned. He adjusted the noose around
his neck, stepped on the trap and the
drop fell. His neck was not broken, but"
he is unconscious, and the doctors give
no hope for his recovery.
The fatal injury to the boy will un
doubtedly result in Governor Davis rec
ommending the repeal of the public exe
cution law. ." '
Three great ore veins have' been uncov
ered, giving a total ore thickness of over
seventy feet, with values ranging from J7
to $20. The values are chiefly in gold
which is largely free milling. ' The work
ing tunnel is in 815 feet; cutting all three
veins. The mine is bein? put in shape to
stope ore as soon as the mill is ready in
October. ¦ " :
An Immense ¦ plant - of machinery has
been, shipped from St. Paul to Midway, B
C, ,and will, thence.be: hauled inwagons
across the boundary to Wauconda: Car
tracks fifteen hundred feet long are being
builtr for:: carrying out these improve
ments. The "townsite of • Wauconda has
been laid out and street grading Is in pro
gress. •. There are now, in construction a
hotel, .two stores and sixteen residences.
The town has a dally stage from Republic
and a postoffice has been applied. for. ¦¦ . . *
TACOMA, July. 31.-The latest mining
boom, in the Northwest is that at Wau
conda, in Stevens County, where develop
ment work proves that the Wauconda
mine will, be another. Treadwell or Leroi.
Tries to Show Playmates
How Executions Are
Conducted.
Extraordinary Discovery
Is Reported in the
Northwest. -;
MINERS STRIKE
VEINS OF GOLD
BOY PLAYFULLY
HANGS HIMSELF
CUSTOMS IMTSPECTOR BEATEN.
I
Strikers Make Attacks Upon a Few
Non-TJnion Men.
N. F. Peart, a United States customs
inspector, was struck from behind yester
day morning by unknown ruffians and
knocked down, kicked and beaten into un
consciousness. He had been sworn in on
Tuesday and was on his way to drive a
dray for the Overland Transfer Company
with goods to the Appraiser's store. He
was removed to his home, where he now
lies in a critical condition. Under direc
tion of Acting Customs Surveyor Chaun
cey St. John, several John Doe war
rants were obtained from the United
States Attorney and they will be served
upon the assailants if found, or upon any
others who may interfere with or assault
a Government officer. Mr. St. John ap
plied yesterday to the Secretary of the
Treasury through Collector Stratton for
authority to appoint fifteen additional
customs inspectors under pay to guard
non-union teamsters engaged in hauling
bonded eoods and also on their way to
and from the stables.
Strikers who are arrested for attacks
upon these customs inspectors will be
tried before Federal courts.
Roscoe Horn and William Ferguson, the
two colored non-union teamsters for Em
mons & Co., who fired several shots Tues
day morning at strikers and wounded Pe
ter Lynch, appeared before Judge Conlan
yesterday on the charge of assault to
murder. They were represented by At
torney Joseph Coffey, who was retained
by the Employers' Association, and after
being instructed as to their rights, the
case was continued for ten days, as it
wll> take that time before Lynch Is able
to leave the hospital. The Judge sal 1
that he would increase their bonds to
$1000 or 5500 cash, as he believed that $100
was entirely inadequate. They were or
dered into custody, but were soon re
leased, Coffey putting up the additional
$S00. - - ' ¦"
C. F. Blair, a recent imported teamster
from Bakersfleld, was set upon yesterday
morning at Buchanan street and Golden
Gate avenue while on his way to the sta
bles of Smith* & McNab by a gang of
strikers. Blair feared trouble and ¦ drew
his pistol. The weapon refused to respond
to the trigger, which probably saved the
t f - - t t t • t t • T T TmT.iT, • * -T--T-T-M--T-T-
John Heaney, an old man, who has
been driving a team for Whlttler, Fuller
& Co. since the inception of the strike,
was brutally beaten last night by a num
ber of striking teamsters at Fourth and
Townsend streets. Heaney had been at
tending a meeting- of Red Men on Post
street, and after the meeting took a walk
with a number of strikers who met him
and- spoke to, him of the benefits to be
derived from a membership In the union.
He answered their arguments by telling
them .he was satisfied with the position
he occupied. This enraged the men and
they attacked him. After knocking him
down and kicking- him his assailants ran
away. Heaney is the father; of a large
family and resides at Twenty-second and
Point Lobos avenues. His wounds were
dressed at the Emergency Hospital.
Edward A. Logston, a teamster, was
arrested last evening by Policemen Kear
ney and Dow and charged at the Central
Police Station with carrying concealed
weapons. Logston had a large dagger
concealed In his pocket. He was cap
tured at the teamsters' headquarters at
Fourth and Townsend streets. Accord
ing to his story Logston was a non
union" man until yesterday morning,
when he was induced to join the ranks
of the strikers.
H. L. Manning, who Is employed by the
Cahill & Hall Elevator Company, com
plained to the police yesterday, that he
had been assaulted by a number of strik
ers yesterday morning at Fremont and
Mission streets while going to his work-
He had purchased a revolver to T^e pre
pared for strikers and they knocked him
down and took the revolver from him.
lives of the men who attacked Blair. In
the meantime the men closed In on him
ana struck him on the head, inflicting an
ugly scalp wound and bruising his face:
He was taken to the Emergency. Hos
pital, where his injuries were dressed. He
stated that while he was being assaulted
two of Curtin's private detectives stood
by and did not attempt to assist him.
Edward Selma, a teamster for C. Lippi,
218 Washington street, applied at the
Warrant Clerk's office yesterday morning
for a warrant for the arrest of Policeman
Duncan Matheson on- the charge of bat
tery. He said he went to Mission-street
wharf yesterday morning: for a load of
corn. Matheson came up to him and told
him to "get out of that." He jumped
from his wagon to explain, when, he al
leges, Matheson knocked him down and
hit him with his club, inflicting a scalp
wound. The Issuance of the warrant was
deferred till Matheson's explanation could
be made.
ADDITIONS MADE. TO HOSTS OF STRIKING PORTERS.
Continued From Page Two.
Is a Cousin of the President, a. Native of
This City and f a Graduate of St. Igna
tius and the Hastings College of Law
BEN McKINLEY IS APPOINTED
THIRD ASSISTANT ATTORNEY
MONTGOMERY, Ala.; :,¦¦¦ July . 31.-The
constitutional convention to-day.- adopted
the suffrage article.
5
BUSINESS COLLEGE,
l*t Post Street, San Francisco, Cal.
THE LEADING BUSINESS TRAINING
SCHOOL, OF" THE WEST.
Prepares Toung Men nnd Women for Business
Careers.
IQ AAft Graduates now successfully ap- io nnn
10,VVtf plyln* their knowledge. W,VWU
3.SOO Stenographers have been trained 3.50O
at Heald'E.
1,000 Nearly one thousand pupils en- 1,000
rolled last year.
45ft Average daily attendance 45O
3OO Nearly - three hundred gradu- 3OO
ates last year.
274 Petitions fille-l during the year 274
250 Additional positions offered last 250
. -*-¦- year that could not be filled
for lack of graduates. '
CO Typewriting Machines In the 00
Typing Department. * '-v
S3 Counties in C&llfornis, represent- 53
ed last year.
4O Heald's Business College Is near- 4O
' . ly forty years old..
' SS Teachers employed In the school 2S
17 States and Territories cent stu-: 17
dents to the college last year.
7 Foreign Countries Were repre- 7
seated In the student body
last year. <j»
3 There are three Banks In the 3
Business Practice Department.
School Is open the entire year. DAT and
ICIGHT;
WR1TH FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE
(FREE). • •
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folsom Btreeta.
6AN FRANCISCO.
Courses of Etuflr to fit younr men for
positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
FOUKDRYMEN. MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
EN6INEERS.
Opea to any graduate of the rnunmax
schools or equivalent course.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women, over 18 years ot age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
With Instruction in
SEWING. COOKERY. DRESSMAKING.
MILLINERY. HOME NURSING.
INVALID COOKERY. ETC.
NORMAL COURSES,
To Prepare Students as
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
MANUAL TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a fee ot Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost ot materials and
breakages.
TERM OPENS JULY 29. 1S0L
Office now open for applications. Send for
Catalogue.
BARTON CRUIKSHANK. M. S.. President.
ST. GERTRUDE'S ACADEMY FOR
YCUNG LADIES.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug.
E. 1301. Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
Grammar and lower classes graded on State
Schools. Modern building; steam heated;
lighted by gas: large exercise grounds; loca-
tion unsurpassed for health. Communication
by several lines of steamers.
Hflflregs MOTHER SUPERIOR. Rio Vista. Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFEP.S DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities: rare opportunities offered In mu.
cic. art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. Write for catalogu*
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills CoUegs
P. O.. CaL
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Francisco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
cslversltlea of California and Leland Stanford
Jr.. also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 1901.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL.
ISIS Bush otreet (West of Franklin)
PRINCIPAL, GEORGE BATES. M. A.
Primary Dep't.. MI96 MARIE McDONNELL.
Is Intended to furnish the best preparation
for the -universities' or for business to a limit-
ed number of pupils. Opens MONDAY. Aug. B. 1
For circulars, etc, address 8M Van Ness ave.
ST. IGNATIUS COLLEGE.
This Institution trill reopen on Monday,
August 6. Entrance examinations are now being
held at 213 Grove street.
SAN FRA*'C!»CO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 Market street.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Greg*
ehorthand, tbe eaeiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE, J60.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME.
SIXTEENTH AND DOLORES STS.
San Francisco. Cal.
WILL OPEN AUGUST L
Address SISTER SUPERIOR.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY. August
B. I90L BRO. ERMINOLD. President.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xne? Term Will Commence ¦ August 14.
Major G«o. C. Collins. Commandant.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive. exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
SOS Larkln st. Illustrated catalogue.
R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVINC INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls. 212* Cali-
fornia ct. Accredited to the universities. The
rext session will begin Aug. S. For Illustrated
catalogue address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
6AN MATEO. CAL. The next term will begin
Auruet IS. 1901. For catalogue and illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A. It.. Rector and Head Master.
MISS M. G. BARRBTT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
302 Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by '
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
Co'Ieee Sai Rafael for Younfi. Lndies.
Conducted by tbe Sisters of St. Dominie.
Opens August 1, 1901. Full college course of
studies. Modern building; steam heated. Dn-
furpafsed for beauty and healthfulness. Ad-
dress MOTHER SHPERIOR. College Ban Ra-
fael. San Rafael. CaX
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Many
Excursions.
¦ Here are a few— only a
few-of the ROUND TRIP
rates from San Francisco
'¦¦ ¦ . . soon to be offered by the
Burlington Route: -x'i^
L0UISVILLE..S77.50
August 20 and 21.
CLEVELAND...$82.50
September 5 and 6.
BUFFALO....-...S87.00
August 22 and 23.
September 5 and 6.
Through standard sleep-
ers dally, San Francisco to
Chicago. Tourist sleepers,
Tuesdays and ' Thursdays —
Omaha, Kansas City, St.
.Louis and Chicago, mak-
ing direct connections In
_ latter city with similar
cars for Detroit, Buffalo
and Boston. •
Write or call— we'll gladly
give you full information
about rates, limits, stop-
overs, etc.
The special advantage of
¦ • going East via the Burllng-
; ton is that you see all the
' . world-famous scenery of
. the Rockies and yet make
. almost .as fast time as the
. ¦ " fastest.
BJffl^ff^™ W. D. Sanborn.
"" {¦PflBMHi General Agent.
Winning j 631 Market Street.
MaWJWalBl San Francisco.
CALIFORHII HORTHWESTERH HI. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Ferry. Foot of Markat S^
San Francisco to San Rafael. _
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.;' 12:23,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at U:30 p. m. - Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50'
- and 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. ..-,'¦¦
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; li:45,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and ,6:33 p. m -
SUNDAYS. .8:10.-9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:05, ¦ 6:25 p. m. ' .
Leave ' I In Effect I , Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. ) San Fraaclaco.
Week I Sun- I " I Sun- I Week
- Days. ¦ | - days, i | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pmjlO:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
- Fulton,
7:30 am -' "Windsor, 10:25 am
6:00 pm ' Healdsburgr, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville,
• 3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale.- 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
* 3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah.) 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
.7:30 am " 10:40 am|10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pml -:¦».-
3:30 pm 6:00 pm - ¦ .- | 6:20 pm
7:30 ami- 8:00 am ¦ Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
I v ' •' .and- ¦-..¦! : : -' •¦-'")
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm . Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami - - 110:40 amllO:25 am
, 3:30 pmj 5:00 pm| : Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs. and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdala
for : the • Geysers; s at; Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. I Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at, Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, .Upper Lake. -Pomo. . Potter Valley.
John r Day's, Riverside. • L4erley*s. I Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln' Heights," Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Springs, i Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. .West-
port, : Usal. Wlllits, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's," Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. • ." \ ' - .'- ¦ -• ¦ . • ".. :.
- Saturday to Monday, round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.;" - •-':*¦'
¦¦ On Sunday round trip • tickets ¦ to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦ -.
Office; 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building. .
H. C. "WHITING, ¦«•¦. R. X. RTAN,.
Gen. • Manager. ,._ . ; Gen. Pass.. Agt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION SALE !
S ALE !
BY ORDER OF COURT.
LSlUiLc
PROPERTIES.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
. ;t1v-I1i 1— 9i~\. m 9
AUGUST 12.... 1901,
At 12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
No. 813 Washing^ton Street. « .
Southwest corner "Washington and "Waverly
place, between Dupont and Stockton sts. ; Im-
provements consist of three-story brick build-
ings; rents $166 per month. ¦ ¦
Nos. 716 and 718 Jackson Street.
North line, between Dupont and Stockton
sts ; Improvements consist of four-story sub-
stantial brick buildine; rents $230 per month;
lot 24:4x137:6.
POTRERO.
Trie following: three pieces are in the vicinity
of properties i recently purchased by the Santa
Fe Railroad Company:
Southeast corner 19th and Wisconsin sts. ;
lot 135x111. irregular. '
POTRERO.
Northwest comer 19th and Wisconsin sts. ;
lot 67x165, Irregular. ,
, POTRERO.
Northwest corner i 18th ' and "Wisconsin sts. ;
lot 201x152, Irregular.^ ..
TOWNSEND STREET.
Between Fourth and Fifth sts., northwest line,
opposite the Southern Pacific Railroad depot..
This choice holding suitable for manufactur-
ing and warehouse purposes; lot 60x275, ] ir- '
regular; 2 frontages.' • :
For further particulars apply to referees.
J. T. . HARMES. 626 Market st.
¦ G H.' UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
- P. J. i SULLIVAN, Parrott bldff.
'Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
1 'Replaced for Hfty" Cents.
Any Astigmat'c Lens Duplicated for
bcuUsts''Prescrlp's.- Filled.^ Thone^-Maln 10.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
¦''noTiriAMs/h- •' r5plpHlt APPARATUS •". .
: OPTIUAMD . PhqTOG^ %
642 ;MARKET:5T. Instruments
UHDtR CHRONICLE BUILDING. CATALOGUE FREE- -
DRi MEYERS & Cd Jp§|§||&£
Specialist. Disease j^^^^
and . -wealcness ' of 3^?™ p
men. Established &Sufr V^^
ISSl.* 1 Consultation flp3|
and private; book , SLoS, T j * *t^»'" X? I !>. : ;
tree; at office" or by ' ¦¦". V3fe/y .-; >Cr^£^_J r !
mall. Cures guar- T^£t$j&£$& ¦
anteed. 731 Mar- KjWfi^fW
ket street (eleva- J^ **^^3fo W •
tor entrance), San
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HiplS
FINE BAY VIEW
Northeast corner Broadway and Pierce
st.; 62^ feet front on north line Broad-
way, by 137^ feet deep on east line Pierce
st.; Broadway is bitumlnlzed.
THOMAS MAGEE ,& SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, . '
5 Montgomery ave.
RAILWAY TBAVEL. .
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
~ I Local I Lim'd I CK'ri'd I Local
I E>ally I * I Dally I Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
; ;• Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p.
" Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
•' Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia... 3:40 p ........ 4:48 a
"Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p B:20p 7:30 a ........
" Kan City 2:40a 7:30a ........
" Chicago.. j. ....... 2:15p 9:00 p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train , is . the Calif ornia Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through. to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on thia train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. • •' f ¦
4:20 p. m. la Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. ¦¦-'¦'
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through • Palace and ; Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train • arrives at, 5:53 p. m.
7:20* a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all- points in San- Joaquin Valley.. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m.> daily. ,
. Offices— 641 Market street and In j Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
_lanfl i |~^ '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry. ... vy>
¦ Commencing April 2S, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. ' ,
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, *9:30, 11:00 a. m.,
12:45. n:45; 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael, on Mondays, "Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ' • ¦ , .
SUNDAYS-7:00. .8:00, •9:00. »10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45 *l:30. 2:30, •3:45. 5:00, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. - . ¦
y Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN "FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *o:25, 6:27, 7:47, 8:35, 10:15
a. m.. »12:25, 1:15. 220, *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS . : on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at'6:45 and 10:00 p. m. " - •
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 9:45. •11:00 a. m., »12
m.. 1:00. 2:15, *3:30., 4:30. •5:43.^6:43. 7:30. 10:10
p. m. '¦••• ' " . - ' . " ""••¦:.¦ ¦¦ . •
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55, 8:55. '.10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45, 2:45, 3:50.-5:10. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at. 7:10 and 10:35 p. . m.. -„- ¦ •
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 8:C0. 10:05, 11:10 a.i m., 12:15
1:20 -2:30:. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15,' 10:30 p. m. • •:»¦
• THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
¦ 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and' way sta-
tions. 1 , " ,-¦-•¦¦•*: "¦-' : ' ~-* i > 3 *teSSiOT 8 ?..' ¦ -.
¦ 5:15 p. m.' week days (Saturdays ; exeepted)—
Tomalesand way stations. . • ¦ .
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10- a; m.. Sundays— Point - Reyes and way
stations. : ¦'. ¦• i ¦--; . • ¦ :.
M0UNTTAMALPAI5 RAILWAY,
Tla IuhUh r«Tj— F««t or Market St. ;';, ¦
uavi ¦>¦ run. '.'.•.-! "''¦":"..¦'¦ ¦ ' a«»iVB sam nun,
; 8:00 a. M.V ' f 12:15 p. M.
9:00 A. M. ¦ , r ;. 1:15 T.I*.
U30 A. M. Y •— •••¦ONDAW.. i 4;50 p ;fJ ,
laOP.ai. ' 6jO?.'U.<
250P.M.J , I 7:10». M.-
*--.-. ' Fare. San rraaolawlB 8«BBlt aad BMvn, tl.4«
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.; fit SansaH to Ferry, ,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l«»v«t and ar« tlno tat nrrlt* m%
MAN riUNCINCO.
. (M»In Line. Foot of ll»rket Street) ' ->--^'.- :
LXATK — tliOit JULT li. WOL — ' ARBITI
7:0Ua Benida, SuIbud, Elmir» and Sacra*
mento 9--Vtr
~ :OO a. V»c»t1U«, Winters, Rummy 7:55r
i 1 t3o a M »nlnei. Smu Uainon, Vallejo. K*pa>
Calistogk and .Saute Rosa SitSp
8:0i»a D»»is, Woodland. Knignts Landing.
.MarysTille, Orotilla. 7).V»fr
SiOOa AMantio Kxinress— Ogden and Hut lUfiSr
»:<h»a Niles, L»throp,»Stociton..... ?>S«f
SroOA.NUea. Mondot*. Banfocd. Visalia.
PorterriUe 4:33p
S<S»A Shaato Express— Davis, Williams (for -¦ -
B&rUett SprinnX Willows. Red
Bluff. Portland. 7tS3»
••a»A Smu ,)n»e, . LiTermore. Stockton.
lone, ttserameuto. Plaoerrille, -
MarjBTllle, Cbieo, ltoil Itlult 4iS9p
StSOA Oakdale, Chlneao (Ycsemite), So-
nora. Carters 4ra.tr
•tOOA Hay ward, Hiht and War 3t*Uon«.. I Ii.VIa.
•»«»a VaUejo U:23r
»jO«a XiO9 Angeles, Express — Martinez.
Timer, Latiirop, 8toektou. Mereed
Fresno aud Los Angeles 7s25 r
»:»»A Valleln. Martiaes aud Way Stations ?i»»r
I UiUUa. The Overland Umited— Ogdeo. Deo.
»er, Omaha. Cbieaca . •>SiSp
flt«Op Sacramento Hirer Htommor* tStOtA
8t8»r Hajward, Nile* and Way Buttons.. 7i33p
4iO»r Beuicla. Winters. Baermmento.
Woodland. KnlgliU l^ndim,
UaryiTille, Orowllle I«>O3a
4.OOr Martinez. Hau lUraon. VaUejo.
Napa. <:»lintou». Hunt* How ••S-iA
4j00t Nnes, LiTermore, Stockton, Lodl... l3>3Sr
4ittop Haywud. Mies. Han Joee. Llvcrmora t»i»»A
4i30p Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 mil a
SiOOrTbe Owl limited- rresno. Tulare,
BakersBeid. 8augu» for Sap ta Bar- ' '
barm, Los Ancelea SsSSx
BxOOp Martin'i. AnUoch, Stockton. Mer-
ced, Fresno..... lStSSr
BrOnp Yosemlte l»i*3p
8<80p New Orleans Eiprsm ¦Mendota,
Fresno, BalcersOold. Los Ancelea.
Daming, El Fuo, New Orleana
and Bast ?t99A
6t00p Bajwud. Niles and Saa Jose 7i35%
f«tO«p Vaflejo 11:834
•:OOr Oriental Mail-^Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 13<S9p |
• CsOOr Orleutal Malt— Ogtleo. Denver.
St. LouU. Chicago. 4iS9r
• 7i00r Oregon and California Kxprest.Hae.
ruineiitii. MarytTille. ftedilliij, •
Portland. Piiget Hound and Kaik tiSS*
•••SpSsn Pablo. Purk Costa. Martines
and Way Stations 11*33*
tSsOSr Vallelo . 7»aAp
• COAST LINE (Xarron iinnxt).
- . (Foot otM»rknt 3 treat. V :
1?i4Sa Santa Cms Exearsion to Baatm Cru
and Frlncipai Wmy Stations J9i«3»
StlSANenark.CenUrtille.NanJoM.reltan.
Boulder Creek.Sauta Crux and Way
¦ Stations. ..r;. BiS«r
tlilHp Newark C'entorTille. fiau Joae, New
AlmadeD. Feltou. Houlder Oreek,
' . Santa Crus mad Principal Way
Stations f«iS*A
4<l3p Newark, Han Jose, I.o» Gatos t»:-"H»»
«4tlSp Glenwood.Boiilder Creek, SantaCrna «*i3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ton SIS raiiaSCO— Foot of lUrkit Street (SUf 8>—
T7:1S . 9:00 11:00*.*. 1:03 3:03 B:lSr.M.
rrtmOUUHfl— rulititndw«j._frt;OO t«;00 t3.OI
10:00*.m. 12:08 2:03 t:Q3r.>i. '
COAST LINE (Uroa.l (laago).
QlilrJ miid Townsei.fi Sta.)
StlUA Sam Jose and Way Mtmtiona.. ........ «ia«»*
17:00a Han Jose and Way Buttons... ItXOp
; /7i»»A Now Alnmden /4tlOt
|7i*0a Snaday Exennion fox Saa Jc««. .
Santi* Cmi, Pselflo Grove and
Prindpml Way 8tmtlona. 1S«3O»
¦teOA H»n Jum. Bolllster. H««t» Ornx. -
¦',.'.,' ¦ Paeilie Uroye, Baltnus. Saa LcU .
Obicpo, 8aota Barbara and Pria- '
¦ ' ' • dpal Intermediate SUtimn 7t8Pr
IOiHOa San Jose and Way Stations.. CiSOp
¦ ItSOA Hau Jose and Way 8Utlo»a »ia»»
t*tl»F San Mateo. ICedwood. Ifonlo Park.
Palo Alto, Rant* Clara, Mm .Jiwe.
Hol'iater, SanU Crux, SalluM,
Momereyand rmcllle Ornre |I0<49a
tiBOp San Jnse. Trot Plnos. Sauta Cruz,
¦•—• Pacific GroTe and Way .Stations 4:l*p
t-ftlSr Sao Joaeaixl Principal Way Htatloim ml-1*
t»sO«r 8»n Jose. Los Gatos and PriDClpal
Waj Stations »»:••»
. 8i30pS»nJoee»nttPrlnolpatWsyStatIons 8:38*
8i«0p Redwood, Han Jose, Cilrny. Salloaa,
•>- ¦:. Sauta Barbara. Los Angeles Jom.V*
«s»*p San Jose au.t Way »tatloua ?»:««»»
allt4Sp 8an .loaeainl Way Stations ' 7»»*» •
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
f Sunday exeepted. * Sund«y only. •
« Saturday onlr. * Monday.
- • SatnrdaT tnl Bonday. /Tnesdmys and Tridaja
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLES3.
Dally Palace and Tourist Sleeper*.
Dining-. Car. Meals a la Cart*.
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES > TO
EASTERN POINTS.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. 633 Marfcet st. .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARXY ST. Eatablbhed
In 1*34 (or the treatment of Private '
Diseases. I^Mt Mannood. Debility or
diwasn wearlnaon body and mlrwl an«t
Skin Diseases. The Doctor curesrwhen -
others fail. Try htm. l-barges low.
Corf* «;aaPi»nt»*a. Cull or writ*
p r . j. jr. fllBBOX. aai^Fraucisco. CaL
Weekly CaIl,$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I \y JL %J» V . JL JL JL JL -a. Ja. GL& |
I If your dealer charges you the I
I pay it ; go to a dealer ivho will 1
KM ¦ V '¦•- '¦'•-'' i--^ ' ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'¦ ¦ Km
I give you your money's -worth 1The Inventor of. this marvelous system
of sea-signaling is Arthur J. Mundy of
Boston, Mass. A great deal of credit is
also due to the late Professor EHsha Gray
of Chicago, who perfected the electrical
part of the apparatus. ,, r^i '
A -ship can now.be fitted out not only
with a voice that will carry twelve miles
under the water but also with a pair of
ears which will hear and automatically
announce messages 'from the" shore or
from other ships."' - ; . . . :'~'^-'
B¥" means of an Invention recently
made known to the public persons
on steamships twelve miles apart
may, converse- with one another
without wires, lights/ flags, whistles or
foghorns. ,
Bats measuring nearly five feet from
tip to tip of their wings have been /ound
in a cave near Tanga, In East Africa. '
NEW YORK, .July 31.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— A. H. Pollard, at Criterion; F.
W. Clarke, at Herald Square: O. Lange,
at Grand Union; Mrs. A. Martin, at Nor
mandie; A. H. Smythe and wife, at Na
varre; N. Edwards and wife, at Delavan;
G. H. Plunkett, at Holland; E. H. L.
Gregory, at Imperial. From Los Angela—
A. S. Johnson, at Normandie. From Oak
land— F. T. Barlow, at Cadillac. From
Fresno— B. T. Shepard Jr., at Imperial.
Calif ornians in New York.
Hart H. North. United States Immigra
tion Commissioner at this port, has re
turned .from a vacation at Independence
Lake.
Sidney Liebes, the prominent furrier of
Post street, returned from a tour of the
East yesterday and is at the Palace.
J. S. Manley, deputy clerk of the United
States District Court, has returned from
his, vacation at Menlo Park. -. ¦
Charles Sweeney of Spokane, accompa
nied by his wife and family, are spending
a few days at the Palace.
.Professor S. P. Lanjfley of the Smith
sonian' Institution . left * yesterday "for
Washington.
. I. B. Rich, a retired' merchant of Bos
ton, is spending a few days at the Pal
ace. , v }'.'X- r -7-- , .
Senator J. "W. Goad of Colusa Is at the
Grand.
Gustave Frohman, dramatic manager of
New York, is at the Grand. 'v;
PERSONAL MENTION.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps.' Dr.
Sleirarfa ftenutne Imported Aniroatnra Rlttura «
A -Connecticut man who the other day looked at"
For one reason or another the Buffalo Exposition
has not made much of a sensation, but now that there
has been a mysterious murder on the midway the Buf
falonians have high hopes.
Papers in the Mississippi Valley have begun to re
fer to the hot wa?e as a '.'sizzard."
Two seven-year-old of Y Sterling, 111., were
subjected the - other day by their parents to : a mock
marriage;-, and now the' youngsters refuse to take the ;
affair, as a joke. : Sterling ought to be conveniently
located" to an" asylum for- the incarceration of- adult
idiots. : ¦ ; s . - ' . .
, - ¦. ' < ¦ . ¦ .
Tosemlte, • introduced . and maintains the mod
erate' rates . of $2 per [ day. $12 per ¦ week ; less
than" $40 for an " eleven-day trip to . Yosemite
via the ¦ Big Oak Flat ; route, } 630 • Market, 01
Santa Fe route. ¦ 641 ; Market ¦ Bt. , ¦' . »
Camp Curry,* *
A 15-year-old girl of New. York took an ; aged man
a few months to experiment with in married life and
now she wants a divorce oh 'the ground 'that the trial
was not satisfactory. She ought. to be taught a very
vigorous lesson:in the -truth; that in some things in
life a slip; does not mean a trial again. - "
Best Way to the Yosemite.
; The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thence
via Merced "Falls. > Coulterville. Hazel Green
Merced < Blgr i Trees, Cascade Falls : and Brlda
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel ' Hotel ' at 5 thi
next ; afternoon.' This is the most popular routt
and the rates are the lowest. -Ask at 641 Mar
ket st.^ for particulars and. -folder. -
• XT ¦XT » • € ¦• « • A .
A New York girl is asking $5000 damages from a
fellow who borrowed $400 from her and then jilted
her. She seems to be laboring under the impression
that she should be paid for having escaped a desperate
'Lord Pauncefote's declaration that "he hopes to
bring back from London an isthmian canal treaty
that will satisfy the Senate is very good-summer
weather talking, but we will see later on what kind
of a fall he is going to get out of Lodge and Morgan.
In all big cities there are multitudes of
folk who work in the night time. K In
London; fully one hundred thousand in
habitants earn their bread ; by the sweat
of their brows between sunset and sun
rise. ' -..."' >'- ' ':. ¦ . ' .• . <:,-"
Since some scientists have informed the people of
the East that they are to have four more hot summers
in succession, those who "are wise enough to. profit
by the teachings of science will move to California
Special information supplied dally, to
business houses and public men by - the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.^ •
The Secretary of the Treasury has decided that six
cigarettes, are worth one cigar. He would think that
they are worth comparatively a great deal more if he
¦were to investigate the death record of the large cities
of the country.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. 1
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
New Jersey, trainmen have been of late nightly
'spellbound in terror by the apparition of a ghostly
figure which flits on the wings of, the wind before
their train. All of which goes to show that New Jer
sey trainmen should change their brand of liquor.
¦- MINERVA— L. E. D.,*Sonora, Cal. Min
erva, the Goddess of Wisdom, is always
represented as being clad in Spartan tu
nic, with a cloak over it and wearing i
helmet, beautifully adorned with figures
of different animals, the aegis, the rounc
argocolic shield and carrying a lance. Hei
countenance is beautiful, earnest am
thoughtful, and the whole figure majestic
The great seal^of the State of Californij
will give you an idea "of | the dress worr
by Minerva. The records do not say 1:
Minerva was a blonde or a brunette.
FERDINAND OF COBURG-M., Han
ford, Cal. Ferdinand of Coburg was elect
ed Prince of Bulgaria' by unanimous vot<
of the Assembly July 7, 18S7. He marriec
Marie Louise April 20, 1893. She was th<
eldest daughter of Duke Robert of Parma
She died January 31, 1899. The issue o:
that union was Boris, born January 20
1894; Cyril, November 17, 1835, and Euxodie
January 17, 1S98. .Boris is the Crowr
Prince of Bulgaria.
of the day is to register that you may' not. lose your
right to vote for clean politics and honest men at the
primaries. .See that you. attend to it; and: then 'urge
your n : friends to* do likewise?
Primary elections in the. past have been dominated
by the bosses, so^that honest, men have had but little
chance against the' frauds practiced by the v ;gangs;
but this year a different condition prevails. The
new primary. election law assures a fair count of every
vote polled. Good citizens- have therefore . at last an
opportunity to eliminate the boss from local politics.
The issue should not be neglected by any one "who
has a patriotic regard ' for the welfare of the com
munity. Good government is at stake. The duty
It is to be borne in: mind that no one will be per
mitted to vote except qualified voters who were reg
istered at the last general election or since that time,
and who have continued to reside iri 'their, election
precincts. Such citizens are entitled to vote without
additional registration, but upon all others the duty
is incumbent.
All electors who have changed their residence from
another county In this State to, this county since the last
general election, and prior to May 15, 1901.
All persons who were registered,' but bymoving out
of their respective districts, or otherwise,. have lost their
right to vote. -/'
All 'native citizens not registered who have secured a
residence in the State and county since the last general
election.. . \- v^ .-'
All persons not registered, at the last election, but
who were entitled thereto. . . . .. ' /
All native citizens who have arrived at age since the
last general election.
'. We have repeatedly 'pointed out the classes' of citi
zens who must register in order to vote. These in
clude: \
ON Saturday, August 3, registration^f or the
. primary election closes. Citizens who by that
time have not their t names on the register will
have forfeited their right to vote. Their Indifference
and neglect will be a virtual support of the bosses
and predatory politicians Who have carefully regis
tered their gangs and will bring their full force to the
polls. -.
TECHNICAL SCHOOLS— J. C.-PacifK
Grove, Cal.. There are three technical
schools in San Francisco— The Cogswell
Lick Mechanical and the . Wilmerding
School. As. this department does not de
sire to open a controversy it will not an
swer which of the three is the best ir
which to study any particular branch.
THE DUTY OF REGISTRATION.
POPULATION BY SEX-P. H. O. K.,
City. As soon as "the Census Bureau
gives out the population of the States and
Territories by sex this department will
be able to answer your question. "Will
you please publish the population . of
Massachusetts, male and female, accord
ing to the latest census?"
-At Chicago University the , co-eds objected to the
boys wearing shirt waists, and the boys by way of
retaliation have objected to the co-eds wearing short
skirts, and thus does that university continue to make
itself known as a center of academic discussion.
¦ ORANGE CULTURE- J.^ C. G., Pacific
Grove, Cal. The writings 'of the late B.
M. Lelong were published by the Sta.te
Board of Horticulture. If you will-com
municate with the branch office of the
State Board of Horticulture, foot of Clay
street, San Francisco. Cal., you can ob
tain a copy of the same.
CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION—
J. P. T., Oakland, Cal. Correspondence
instruction is a private enterprise and
this department cannot advertise it.
There is claimed for it advantages to
those who are unable to. devote the time
to attend school.
. OCEANIC COMPANY-E. R.. City. The
vessels that are owned by the Oceanic
Steamship Company are the "Ventura, Si
erra, Sonoma, Australia, Zealandia, Ala
meda and Mariposa.
SCHOOLS IN THE PHILIPPINES— A.
B. C, City. For information relative to
schools in the Philippines and Porto Rico
address the recorder of the University of
California.
San Francisco is quite interested in preserving
among her objects of interest the herd of- sea lions
which have so long inhabited the group of rocks
which lie within her borders. There are many things
she could better spare.
We trust that not one of these fine and interesting
marine animals will be condemned and shot. That
bit of life on the rocks adds interest to the view of the
ocean. Those who sail blue water recall how like a
desert the far seas are, with scarcely ever a sight of
marine life. The coast waters are equally dreary, if no
creature intended to inhabit the waters is ever seen.
If some vengeful," greedy and destructive people had
their way there would riot be left a large animal in the
water nor on the land, nor a bird in the air, and man
would lord it over a world that he had stripped of its
living things other than himself.
Over-fishing by men and not by sea lions is re
sponsible for any shortage in fish. Abuse of the close
season, taking fish under size and other violations of
the regulations designed to protect fish are respon
sible for the decline in the supply. Man is to blame,
and he diverts attention by asking a death warrant
for the sea lion.
When men came here and began keeping tab. on
their partners in life of the lower orders there were
thousands of sea lions where now are hundreds, and
there were also millions of fish where now are thou
sands. Of course the sea lions then were eating
fish as they do now, but now there is only one sea
lion where ten were feeding. Invoking mathematics
in behalf of the lions, only one fish is being eaten
now -where ten used to be consumed. Where are the
nine? • ,.
THE attempt to exterminate the sea lions should
be watched with care. The desire and disposi
tion to exterminate the life that nature placed
on the earth should be curbed. The large land ani
mals are rapidly going, and in a few generations will
exist only in their remains in museums. Wantonness
unconnected even with a desire for gain has destroyed
the great sea cow of Alaskan waters, an amphibious
animal of such amiability that its capture was not
even sport, yet it was hunted to extinction. The
same fate is overtaking the walrus.. Our sea lions
are next in order. They are accused of eating too
many fish, and as they will not substitute kelp for
fish as food the demand is made for their destruction.
SEA LIONS AND FISH.
TWO COINS— C. B. O., City. A $3 piece
of 1878 is. not listed as one that commands
a premium. As much as 15 cents pre
mium has been offered for Columbia half
dollars of 1892. ¦ _\.. .-•; - jj - - :
NO PREMIUM— W. H. S., City. No
premium is offered for $5 pieces coined
after 1834.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Here's a distinguished scientist who
says that after all there Is nothing In
germs."
"Nothing in germs? Nonsense! Why.
look how much the doctors have made
out of them."— Detroit Free Press.
The Sultan of Morocco has a $10,500
camera.
" And there Is no : doubt that when he
says, "Look pleasant, please," they all do.
If they don't he takes their heads In an
other way. — Plain Dealer.
"I had such a disappointment last
night!" said Kitty at the breakfast table.
"What was It?" they asked her.
"I dreamed I was papa, and I was about
to have such a good time smoking my
pipe, and then I woke up and found I
was still Kitty and had to be proper."—
Chicago Tribune. ' ''rf^
Church — My friend the orator says he's
, working like a slave.
Gotham— That's funny. A slave works
with his hands, not with his mouth.—
Yonkers Statesman.
"You ,see, It was this way," said tho
boy. "Pop was warm, and I thought If I
dropped a chunk of ice down his back U
would cool him off."
"And did it?"
"Gee! No! It made him hotter!"—Yonk
ers Statesman.'
"We have a deaf and dumb member of;/
our Woman's Club," said Miss GabbelghA
to young Mr. Dugglesby.
"Indeed," gurgled the youth. "I should
think she would be at a disadvantage."
• "Oh, my, no. Why, we let her make all
the motions."— Baltimore American.
ANSWERS. TO QUERIES.
The sound of the bell strokes may be
heard by a sailor in the hold of a vessel
over a mile distant. By the submersion
of a common ear trumpet fastened to a
six-foot length of gas pipe the sound can
be heard at a "instance of three miles..-
For greater distances Professor Gray
devised an electrical receiver and annun
ciator, by means of which a bell twelve
miles away cannot only, be heard but
echoed on a large gong in the pilot house.
The submerged part of this receiver is
shaped like a gigantic ear and will auto-.
SUBMARINE? SIGNALING FROM A LIGHTSHIP. AND A BATTLESHIP
" WITH THE DEVICE ATTACHMENT TO GIVE WARNING. PIC
l TURES FROM PEARSON'S MAGAZINE.
THURSDAY. -AUGUST i, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
A££r*ss All Communications to W. 8. LEAKS, -Xia&ger. -
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone Press 204
MJBL1CATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Pre*i 20)1. rfv .I;;'
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
. Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies, S Cents.
Terms by Hail, Including: Postajpet
DAILY CAXJj ClncTudlnc Sunday), one year *••<"
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). * month*......— ...... «-«
DAILY CALL, Oncludtn* Sunday). 1 months 1.50
DAILT CAU*-By Slnsle Month ~ «*>
6TJNDAY CALU One Tear I- 60
WEEKLT CAT.U One Year .- ..-.-¦— — - 1.09
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
. . ""TftrTft eople« ¦wCI ba forwarded -when reqnested. f
MiQ sobrerfbers In orflerlac chang* of aaarew shoqla b«
particular to give both NEW. AND* OLD ADDRESS In order
to 1htbt» a prompt and correct comullance -with their request.
OAKX.ATVD OFFICE "....1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG7TESS.
aTsxirtr Twelga Airatiting, K»n«tte Bnflfflng, Chl»g».
(Leer Distance Telephone "Central 261*.")
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAHLTOX. . .Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEJf B. SMITH...... ..30 Tribune Building
JTEW YORK NEWS STANDS: . £
Waldorf -Astoria. Hotel; A. Breal&no, n "Union Square;
Mvttkj Hill Hotel.
BSAKCH OFFICES— £27 Stontgomcry. eonwr of "Clay. op«J
until 9:S3 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:29 o'clock. 633
UcAHicter. cpen tnstll 9:10 o'clock. CIS Tjh-tmti open until
t:S9 o'clock. :8<1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22S1 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. If-?! Valencia, cpen
ontll • o'clock. 106 ' Eleventh, open until • o'clock. NW.
corner Twecty-eecond ana Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock,
giOO rniraore. open until S p. m. v s£
No Invention since the building of Iron
steamships' has been of so much interest
as this to those who travel on the sea.
The terrible fog, which causes 300 wrecks
a year on the English coast alone, has
lost its dangers to a vessel equipped with
long-distance ears of this self-operating
kind.- -V s '
matically hear and announce the ap
proach of oth^r- vessels. Even the click
ing of the machinery of a small tugboat
five miles distant will be repeated on the
pilot's gong.
Then he made experiments with a bell
and was so successful that he obtained
the assistance of Professor Gray, who
was perhaps the best authority In Amer
ica on practical acoustics.
For eighteen months they experimental
at Mr. Mundy's home in Cape Ann, Mass JL /
and finally perfected the present sysreai 7
of signal bell and receiver.
"Why not signal under water? H» re
membered how, when a boy, he had
struck two stones together under water
to deafen the other boys who were diving'.
The Idea of submarine signaling first oc
curred to Mr. Mundy in 1398. While spend
ing his vacation on the Mississippi River
he" noticed the continual stoppages that
the steamer was obliged to make merely
to obtain a short message or order from
some one on shore.
The inventor has made a proposition to
the Government that a signal bell be
placed at every ten miles off the coast,
every bell to ring a different signal and to
be marked on the chart.
By this means, in fog or darkness, every
ship within twelve miles of the coast
could at once tell its location. Professor
Gray, Just before hlg death, patented an
improvement on the receiver, by mean3 of
which the pilot can tell exactly from, -what
direction the signal bell is ringing.
Mr, Mundy has exhibited his invention
to Admiral Hlgglnson, chief of the Na
tional lighthouse Board, and to Admiral
Bradford of the Navy Department. Theso
officials" have . watched the experiment
with great interest and are considering
the adoption of the device on board Amer
ican warships and along the coast line.
The recent loss of the steamship City of
Rio de Janeiro, which went ashore In thi3
harbor, would have been prevented If one
of Mr. Mundy's signal bells had been
within twelve miles. A loss of more than,.
100 lives and over a million dollars* worth
of property would thus have been pre
vented.
Taken altogether, with .every allowance made for
drawbacks, Nome appears to be in a flourishing con
dition. On that frozen coast the American people
have once more demonstrated their ability to fit up a
city in a year's notice with all. modern improvements.
Nome is no longer a "camp." It will soon be asking
an appropriation from. Congress to adapt the port
to the increasing demands of its commerce.
Another note announces: "Almost every' steamer
is landing, one or more victims of misplaced confi
dence; people who on the outside were swindled into
buying some wildcat Alaska property and coming
here to shovel in the promised gold find a bogus lo
cation notice plastered over some other man's valid
claim." In connection with that statement there is
pertinent interest in the announcement in another
column: "This is going to be a poor year for claim
jumpers. The judiciary of the several districts tribu
tary to Nome has taken its cue from the prevailing
public sentiment, and it is safe to say that every such
offender hereafter found guilty will get the ;full ex
tent of the penalty prescribed by the code."
Better news is contained in the announcement that
a rural free delivery system has been established in the
country adjacent to Nome. That sounds like a very
high order of civilization indeed, for there are. some
very prosperous rural communities even in our oldest
States that have not yet^a free mail delivery.
The mining news is There is, how
ever, a complaint of a lack of water for sfuicing in
some of the districts where the placer indications are
good. An expert prospector is quoted as saying:
"There seems to be gold in greater or less quantity
under almost every footprint made in a day's circuit
over the tundra, creeks and foothills around Nome,
though even at this season of the year one is obliged
to walk for some considerable time without finding
enough water to quench his thirst."
That is a very good showing of municipal business
for a town of the size of Nome even if it had been
in wbrking order for "many a decade, but that is not
all. The -,same copy of the News -has the regular
American complaint of inefficient /street sweeping.
The declaration is made that "unless the City Coun
cil takes- some action that will enforce the daily
sweeping of the newly paved streets, within another
month the planking will be covered with from two
to four inches of dirt." Then follows'the suggestion,
"What is the matter with utilizing the prisoners and
making them earn the grub they now eat. t Mly in
jail?" . . . ¦ .
From a report of: a meeting of the v City Council,
for example/it appears action was taken to petition
the 'postmaster to provide a more prompt delivery of
mail pouches from incoming steamers; the Fire
Chief recommended renting a new engine-house with
ample room for the various equipments of the fire
service; a committee on schoolhouse was given fur
ther time to make a' report; there was a lengthy de
bate on the selection of a site for the city hall; a
petition for street planking in the west end of the
town brought to light the fact that collections for
such purposes were coming in very slowly and city
warrants were being sold for 75 cents on the dollar;
it' also resulted in the passage there and then of a
resolution that hereafter the payment, of the^ labor
bills for street improvement will have to be guaran
teed or paid in advance; there was a petition against
the proposed opening of a new street, and, , finally,
the secretary of the School Board was authorized to
purchase; supplies based upon an attendance of 150
children. "
Y^-^i OPIES of the Nome .News, just received,
r • : contain items showing that what was but ; a
V—^ mining camp a sliort time ago has already
attained something of the conditions of a well-ordered
American community. There is a wide variety in the
life there. The papers are by no means confined to
mining notes for news, and a considerable portion of
their space is given r to ' matters relating to improve
ments of. one kind or another.
"CONDITIONS AT NOME.
.In our complex society there is no room for power
not regulated by law nor responsible for its acts and
contracts. .
Corporations* were curbed by law so as to pre
serve their usefulness and minimize their harmfuloess.
Whatever organization has the power to inflict the
same harm and the will to use it must be legally
curbed in the same way,- or the community will cease
to" tolerate it. * - '
If the Southern Pacific not only refused to haul
fruit out of the San'Joaquin Valfey, but tore up the
Santa Fe tracks to prevent that" road from performing
the service, the State would inflict exemplary^ punish
ment on the corporation. If one steamboat corpora
tion on our rivers refused to " handle perishable
products, and dynamited rival boats' that were per
forming that service, and lives were lost, somebody
would be legally hanged. We will not assume the
obtuseness of our readers by stating an analogy, phy
sical and legal, which occurs to any one familiar. with
current events.
If when the fruit is ripe and the market ready
for it every transportation corporation in this State
should arbitrarily refuse to handle fruit in California
.because there . existed a dispute over the. coke rates
in, Pennsylvania, every fruit-grower would have cause
of action against the defaulting corporations and a
recovery of value down to the last box lost, unless
the corporations could show physical inability, from
causes "over which they had no control. If one cor
poration, in addition to refusing' itself to handle fruit,'
should by unlawful violence prevent another corpora
tion which was willing to^handle it, the'offending di
rectors, managers and agents would be summarily
cast in jail and subjected to the most serious penal
ties.
When capital comprehended. the power of organi
zation and the partnership by evolution became the
joint stock company and that the corporation, it was
soon seen that the corporation, having perpetual suc
cession and legal immortality, was a vast power for
harm and oppression unless its legal .responsibility
were made equal to its power. Corporations are still
criticized, and continue' to deserve it, but the vast
body of the law of corporations is testimony to the
wisdom of man in curbing the power of organization.
As a corporation was a. representative of human self
ishness organized to avoid individual responsibility,
the law first made it an artificial person, to sue and
be sued, thereby enforcing its responsibility. Upon
this artificial personality is built "an elaborate system
of law' for the benefit and protection of the public.
The issue of assignable shares of" corporate stock,
the liability of stockholders, the protection of their
rights as trustors against the corporation as. trustee,
the limitatipn of corporation ownership by public
control, corporate liability to employes, all testify to
the prudence and caution and intelligence of man in
curbing the harmful and preserving the useful power
of organization.
The labor situation requires him to enter the con
tractual relation with labor unions and their business
agents. These contracts, or agreements, vitally affect
his business. They may. put it entirely out of his
power to defend himself against loss and bankruptcy
by the transfer of vital objects of interest beyond his
control,- putting them in the hands of those to whom
they are not important. But whatever they are they
are legally enforceable only against him; he cannot
enforce them against the other party to them, for
that party is incorporeal— it has neither legal body
nor estate.
Looking over 'the. mass of reasons, and of crimina
tions and recriminations, and considering: the means
used to secure demands, and above all looking at the
loss of a summer's wages to labor and a summer's
profits to business and the risk of a panic, the impres
sion is dear that these struggles are largely avoid
able by equalizing the legal responsibilities of the par
ties. The employer is always under the restraint of
responsibility to the law.' The law' implies against
him a contract for the protection of his employes; it
dictates the sanitary conditions under which they work
and such conditions as affect their, safety; it gives
a superior lien for their wages, and turn where he
may the employer reads "Thou shalt," and "Thou
shalt not," written in the law for his restraint. His
property, is hostage for all contracts, expres*s and im
plied, and must respond to the last penny.-
In view of the important ' consequences that may
come out of these strikes one is impressed by the
issue of such harmful results out of the causes al
leged in many cases. Selecting at random from many
of the statements made, it is surprising the number -
of cases in which men assure their employers of con
tentment with wages and hours, -and declare they
struck because they were told ta do so. In other
cases men were not aware of a grievance until they
were informed of it by some expert in that line.
The circulation of currency has been impeded by the
strike, and there is atrophy of trade. The wage
workers affected are not earning and they are not
spending. If they are maintaining their families as
well as before it is by the use of credit with the re
tailer, who, if the situation continue, must go to the
wall, thereby affecting the credit of the wholesaler
and of the banks. It is apparent, then, that the strike
has in it the germ of a credit panic, and if prolonged
sufficiently will reverse the prosperous conditions of
the country and bring on hard times. It is not for
gotten that the panic of 1893 was preceded by the
stubborn strikes of 1892. • .
THE trade of San Francisco has been adverselj;
affected by the strikes, which began with the
machinists' walkout on May 26. Human in
1 genuity has not devised any better way to keep' the
capital of the country in circulation than by the pay
ment of- good wages to labor. The entire stock of*
money in this country is paid to labor about three
times over every year. There be those who de
cry the wage system, but they have. never suggested
anything in its place which will equally serve the pur
pose of keeping money flowing. As it flows it reaches
every part of the industrial system of the country and
builds them all up, and flows on, just as the blood
carries the bone and tissue building. material with-it
for even distribution as it circulates through the body.
The quantity is not reduced by the process, nor its
potency for construction. But impede the circulation
and construction ceases and growth stops.
THE STRIKES AND TRADE.
himself in a mirror for. the first time in twenty-five
years, went out and committed suicide. This seems
to indicate that he had very-kind and patient neigh
bors who cannot even under the greatest provocation
be made to resort to murder. ,. . :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, AUGUST- 1, 1901.
CAN TALK THROUGH THE SEA
BY A WONDERFUL NEW DEVICE
Signals are made by means of a large
bell sunk under water and rung by a
hammer that Is. connected with an electric
wire. The . wire runs from the bell to a
sort of typewriter keyboard, so that a
variety of strokes may ' given by the
operator.
6
Call ¦ub«eriber« contemplating a change «f
residence during the summer 'months can haTA
their paper fonrarded by mail to their new
•ddreaeea by notlf j-lng The Call Business Office.
Thin paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local ajfent la
all towus 01 the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWH FOR THE SUKMER.
By G. VL. Cmteen & Co. — Monday, August 12, at 02 o'clock.
Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street-
AUCTION BALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpfcenm— VauSevUle.
Columbia— "Garrett Oilagh." _ "** -
Alcazar-p'The Adventures of UeH ' Gtrynne."*
Grand Opera-honse — "The Senator."
Central— "The Enslsn."
Tiroll— "Ricoletto." '
California— •The Case of Rebellious Susan.**
Olyrr.pia, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon anfl
Fischer's— Vauae-rtne.
Recreatlon Park — BasebaS.
Sutro Baths — Swimmine.
THE FATE OF THE SCIENCE \
THE < OF S
WASHOE SEERESS. DRIVING.
Life Story cf Mrs. Sandy Bowers. By Wa'tzr Morosco.
ARE THERE TWO MYSTERY OF THE i
OF YOU? GUNNISON. j
/next \
=r=7=A SUNDAY ]==
DOWN MOUNT HOOD CALIFORNIA'S MOST
ON A REMARKABLE
HUMAN TOBOGGAN. BUND GIMi
MOUNT TAMALPAIS TWELVE PAGES OF
IAS A HUMAN
NATIONAL PARK. INTEREST STORIES. rLincoln Corps ¦ No.' ' 3,' ..Woman's". Relief
Corpse will give a campflre," entertainment
and v dance to-morrow * night at> Pioneer
Hall. The proceeds are to go to the relief
fund. One * feature of ' the entertainment
will.be -a "bean supper." , -
Lincoln Corps Entertainment!-
L.OS ANGELES, July 31:— As a" result of
the big 'strike in San Francisco local
agents of the Pacific Coast Steamship 1
Company say they cannot guarantee fu
ture sailing dates. . They are advised that
the steamer State of California : will not
leave San Francisco for Los- Angeles to
day as scheduled, and consequently; there
will ¦ be no steamer; service between I here
and San 'Diego to-morrow. The Santa
Rosa' left; for ¦'. the north as' usual this
morning, but the date of her return - Is
problematical and- will depend , upon'de
veloprH-nts.in the strike situation in San
Francisco. Santa Fe Railroad- officials
are advised that work has been suspended
on tha China Basin improvements in San
Fraitelsco harbor on account of tho strike,
but oliim they are otherwise unaffected.
Cannot ; Guarantee Sailing; Dates.
CROCKKTT, July 31.— The strike of the
warehousemen at Port Costa and vicinity
was officially declared off to-night. The
stevedores and hoisting engineers are still
out, but hope is entertained that a modifi
cation of the . strike order of the City
Front Federation will be made so as to
permit them to resume their work at this
end, as it will in no way interfere- with
the labor troubles in San -Francisco.
This morning at 9:30 o'clock a steamer
load of Chileans arrived from San Fran
cisco and were distributed among the dif
ferent warehouses here. This so incensed
the warehousemen that a committee was
sent . to the superintendents asking for
.their withdrawal. Upon this being re
fused, the warehousemen took the law
into their own hands and a- rush was
made for the imported "blacks." Tho
Chileans, seeing .; the warehousemen
coming at double-quick time.v took to
their heels. Upon being hard pressed.' &
great many of them jumped overboard.
The rest managed to reach the hills.
Port Costa Strike Is Settled in
Part ¦
WAREHOUSEMEN AT WORK.
The teamsters in the employ of Gray
Bros, will not walk out, as was expected.
The men had resolved to quit yesterday,
but when it was shown them that the
present trouble would be settled as far as
they were concerned without the necessity
of their walking out, the men decided to
remain at work for a time, at least.
Gray Bros, employ about seventy-five
teamsters. " The men are In sympathy with
the other teamsters now on strike, and
were prepared to fall into line on demand.
The walkout was resolved upon, but last
evening notification 'was received from
the federation that for the present at
least their co-operation was not required.
Gray Bros.' Men "Will Wot Strike.
continue harmonious relations, one with th«
other, and each recognises the fact that
their interest* are mutual and each prom
ises to do everything in Its power to pro
mote the welfare of the drayage business
in San Francisco; and the brotherhood
does hereby agree that It will not cause
cr sanction any strike or boycott whatso
ever; and it is expressly agreed that no em
ployes of any member of the Draymen's As
sociation £ha!l take it upon themselves to
strike or make any threat of striking as
against their employer, and it is distinctly
agreed and . understood that if any euch
strike is threatened or attempted the
employer shall have the right to discharge
all members of the brotherhood who may
participate in it, and the brotherhood
agree* to immediately furnish other men to
take their places.
This agreement shall remain in force for
one year from date of its original signing,
viz., until December 19. 1901. and shall, at
its expiration, be considered as renewed for
> the term of one year more unless either
narty hereto shall give written notice to the
other party at leaft Jhrw months prior to
the expiration thereof of its intention to
terminate this agreement,- and no strike
cr lockout shall take place in any event.
or under any circumstances, until after the
giving of the above mentioned notice.
The Brotherhood of Teamsters refused to even
consider the above proposition, but laid the
came on the table, as I was Informed by their
committee. The above is more than almost
any other employers are •willing to concede, and
is what many unions .are demanding, and yet
the Brotherhood of Teamsters refused to agree
to fubmit their disputes to conference of ar
bitration, but insisted upon their right to have
everv new question that arose settled as they
alone might determine.
On July. 6, 1S01, Mr. Casey came to me and
The drivers for the Stetson-Renner Drayage
Company refusing to do this work, Mr. Stet
son had to notify the Government that he was
unable to carry cut this contract. The Gov
ernment is now doing this work with their own
teams from the Presidio. Mr. Stetson ordered
four teams on the same day to haul goods from
the railroad for the Morton Drayage and
Warehouse Company, as the Stetson-Renner
Drayage Company has done more or less work
for the Morton Drayage and Warehouse Com
pany for the last twenty years. The drivers
also refused to obey this order. Mr. Casey,
in his statement on July 28, 1901.- refers to sev
eral items which I will endeavor to ansver;
the first as to the hours of work required
prior to the organization of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters, he says from 5 a. m. to 3 "and 9
p. m., which is true, but I can go him two
hours better, for when I drove team for Flem
mlng & -Stetson in 1S75 I have put my team
into the, stable after 11 p. m., but this only oc
curred once In a while, and the drivers know
that they remain on the stand many hours do-
Ing no work at all, and leave for the barn at
S o'clock very frequently.
The Globe Drayage Company did refuse to
Join our association, and the foreman of the
said company said he wanted to get out of
the drayage business, nnd asked me why I
did not buy him out. I told him I would If
we could agree on the price, and I bought him
out and paid him the cash. Mr. Casey was
tickled to death to hear that I had done this.
The brotherhood did call the three union driv
ers out. only two obeying. the order, the third
man, Charlie Newman, refusing to quit, and
was expelled from the brotherhood for . his ac
tion. I voluntarily told Mr. Casey several
times to send me a ' bill for the expense of
these two men called out, but never received
the same, although our association has no
agreement to pay such claims.^
Mr. Casey refers to the Haslett Warehouse
Company operating flat trucks. It Is true that
such work by - the Haslett : Warehouse Com
pany I was injuring *our business, and Mr.
Casey was most willing to interfere for the
reason that this work was being done by non
union labor and Mr. Casey was very anxious
for this work to be done by his union men. He
even went further and told us . we should . not
allow the Eureka and North Point- Warehouse
Company to - operate their flat • trucks. ; Mr. :
Casey did* not succeed In stopping the . Has
lett Warehouse Company, from ODeratlng flat
trucks. And with a view of : adjusting this
matter I did try to assist in •forming a ware
house ¦" association which -' all warehousemen
agreed to Join except the Morton Drayage and
Warehouse Company, ; and as this firm would
and did not sign the ! warehouse - association
was a failure. The effort in this matter was
to get a share of the short haul from ship to
warehouse, as that is better hauling than haul-
Ing the long distance across town, and , a re
duction was made ¦ to have Roods • from ships
or steamers to ¦warehouses, distance one-third
of a mile, for from 25 to 40 per cent off 'our
regular price; for. Instance, we agreed to haul
cement - from . ship to ; warehouse, "¦ 2000 ' barrel
lots and over, at 20 cents per. ton.'. -
Answers Casey's Statements.
On July 16, 1901, the Commissary Department
of the Government telephoned to Mr. Stetson,
member of the firm of . the Stetson-Renner
Drayage Company, asking him to call at their
headquarters, there being told that the Morton
Drayage and Warehouse Company had losf their
contract, ' and asking Mr. Stetson if ho was
prepared to do this work, owing, to the Mor
ton DrayagG and Warehouse Company being
tied up by strike. Mr. Stetson telephoned to
Mr. Morton and asked him if this was true,
and told Mr. Morton that he could get the
contract. Mr. Morton told Mr. Stetson to go
ahead if you can get it. • I would sooner see
you get it than some outsider. Mr. Stetson
was asked by the Government officials for a.
price, which was named, and a contract was
drawn and signed by Mr. Stetson for the Stet
eon-Renner Drayage .Company. Mr. Stetson
was immediately givftn orders to ship twenty
tons of merchandise \ from ,the headquarters
at Spear and Market streets to the railroad.
Mr Stetson called four of his drivers and told
them to ship the goods, telling them that the
contract was with his firm, and that the Mor
ton Drayage and Warehouse Company had
nothing to do with It. The driver shipped the
BOdWs all right. Mr. Stetson was told to call
at the commissary at about 9 a. m. and get
orders for about 100 tons to be shipped, but on
the same morning, July 17. Mr. Stetson re
ceived the following letter from the Brother
hood steward: . '
"Mr Adam Baker, Steward of the Stetson-
Renner Drayage Company: Toil are herebv
notified to inform Mr. Stetson that we will
positively refuse to recognize any sub-con
tracts from . Morton's customers while this
trouble is on. By order of the grievance com
mittee. JOHN MCLAUGHLIN, Secretary.
rany, we had no other alternative. When any
draying firm Joined our association we could
not, nor did not in any case ask the firm to
give up any business they were doing at that
time.
In conclusion I desire to eay that v/e have
yielded time and again to demands of the
brotherhood, and have endeavored to conciliate
them in every way, but the . more we tried
to make things run smoothly the greater their
demands became. It seems that they mistook
our desire for peace for cowardice and sought
to press home every little petty complaint of
every driver until finally patience ceased to
be a virtue, and the question had to be fairly
met whether we should run oar business or
turn it over to our drivers. The success of
the brotherhood encouraged others toj make
equally unreasonable demands until the' whole
community felt that this issue had to be met:
Shall unions control every detail of the busi
ness, or shall they be ctfcfined to the question
of wages and hours of labor, over which there
has never been any dispute so far as we are
concerned? GEORGE RENNER.
Manager Draymen's Association.
In reference to overtime, all cases of over
time that were allowed by the stewards of
the respective barns' were ' paid by the bosses.
There were a great many abuses on this point
where the drivers did not try to reach home
until overtime took effect, and were turned
down in many instances by the stewards them
selves. ¦ ¦ .
Continued From Pagre Two. €
DRAYMEN'S ASSOCIATION.
We again called a meeting of the Draymen's
Association, and It ' was there voted to place
the entire matter In the hands of the executive
committee with full power to act; and as the
meeting on" July 10, 1901,' had voted to stand
by - the Morton : Drayage • and' .Warehouse ] Com-
We think and say that if it was wrong for
union men "to haul baggage It was wrong to
haul grain ' to the Morton Special Delivery
stable, to furnish a union driver on truck at
W. & J. Sloane & Co.. to work alongside non
union drivers of the Morton Special Delivery
for the last ten' months; also hauling furniture
machinery, merchandise. In fact, . any work
that the Morton Drayage and Warehouse
Company had been doing for the Morton Spe
cial Delivery for the last nine years. If one
is wrong, all Is wrong; if one Is right, all Is
right. We have no interest in • the Morton
Special Delivery, and It is -none of our busi
ness whether the Morton Special . Delivery Is
unionised or not.
On July 16. 1901, the Morton Special Delivery
telephoned to the Morton Drayage and Ware
house Company to send teams to the ferry to
haul baggage to 408 Taylor street. A driver
by the name of Johnson (a union driver em
ployed by the Morton Drayage and Warehouse
Company) was ordered to haul this baggage,
as he has done" this same work for the last
three years, often going to Oakland on the
boat with his team for the baggage. Mr
Johnson refused to go, and was - Immediately
ordered to put up his team in the stable and
was discharged for disobeying this order as
were also about twelve or fifteen other team
sters. Mr. Morton then telephoned to the
Stetson-Renner Drayage Company to send a
team to the ferry for baggage, which this Arm
did. and they hauled the baggage. He also
telephoned to Farnsworth & Ruggles, J B
Bocard Drayage Company and McNab &
Smith; all of said firms sent teams and hauled
baggage. I immediately called our grievance
committee and drew up the following com
munication which I delivered myself in per
son to Mr. Casey at Brotherhood headquarters
July 16, 1S01, at 6 p. m. :
"July IS, 1901.
To the Officers and Members of the Brother
hood of Teamsters— Dear Sirs: You are hereby
notified that your Interference in the conduct
of the business of the Morton Dray-age and
Warehouse Company is unlawful and entirely
unwarranted, and that your refusal to handle
the baggage of the numerous guests of this
city Is a blot on Its good name and fair re
pute, and you are further notified that unless
you Immediately cease such . interference alr
agreements and arrangements shall be consid
ered as having been broken by you, and you
are notified that if the notice given to Mr
Morton is not withdrawn by or before 6 a m"
°£ Ju . ly I 7 * i m i then *" arrangements between
the Brotherhood of Teamsters and this associa
tion shall be considered at an end. Yours trulv
"C. K. T1LDEX. President. -
"WM. RAUBINGER JR. . Secretary
"GEORGE RENNER, Manager
t ? a , ...I • "-Draymen's Association."
Instead of this order being withdrawn Mr
Casey went to the Morton Drayage and Ware
house Company stables on the morning of
July 17. at about 5:45 a. m.. and asked Mr
Morton if he was going to reinstate the meii
that he had discharged the day before Mr
Morton answered that he would if they obeyed
orders. Mr. Casey said they would obey all
orders except to haul baggage. . Mr. Casey
told Mr. Morton that he could haul everything
as he had heretofore for the Morton Special
Delivery except baggage.. Mr. Morton answer
ed Mr. Casey that the men will obey all my or
ders or none. Mr. Casey then went into Mr
Morton's stable and called out every driver in
Mr. Morton's employ.
Johnson Starts the Trouble.
told me that he would not allow the Morton
urayage and Warehouse Company to haul the
bapgage for the Morton Special Delivery. I
told Mr. Casey that he should see W. R. Mor
ton and he might possibly agree not to do
this hauling; but my opinion was that Mr.
Morton would not consent. Mr. Casey saw-
Mr. Morton, and reported to me that Mr. Mor
ton insisted on doing the hauling, as he has
been doing this work as well as other worK
for the Morton Special Delivery for the last
nine years. I begged of Mr. Casey not to
give this order, and told him that It would
cause trouble. I afterward was informed by
W. R. AiOrton that Casey called on him and
gave the order that his men would not be
allowed to haul the baggage, but could do
all the other work that he had been, doing
for the Morten Special Delivery- Mr. Casey
came to me again, and as the Draymen's As
sociation had a meeting on July 10, 1301 I
tcld him that I would present the matter' at
our meeting, which I did in its fullest detail
and the association voted to stand by Mr
Morton. The Morton Drayage and Warehouse
Company, W. R. Morton,' proprietor, is a
member of our association, and employed none
but union men as drivers. The Morton Spe
cial Delivery Company, H. D. Morton, proprie
tor, does not belong to our association and em
ploys only non-union men. Two separate and
distinct firms, although brothers.
Dimmick is residing in Oakland, occupy
ing apartments at 669 Eleventh street.
His wire and children are with his father
in-law. Judge Wright of Santa Barbara.
Inquiry for Dimmick at his residence late
last night brought forth the answer that
he was absent and his comingrs and goings
were so Irregular that the time of his ar
rival home was very doubtful.
"I retained Mr. Dimmick during this
month because he could be of much as
sistance at the -work In hand. There was
much questioning to be done and his posi
tion during this month was by no means
a sinecure."
"So far as Cashier Cole is concerned,
his status is unchanged. There has been
nothing done affecting his position, except
that he is under suspension. I am not
ready to say at. this time what further ac
tion will be taken. The Treasury Depart
ment has authority above me In the mat
ter and I shall abide by such direction as
I may receive from Washington.
"The appointment of chief clerk is my
own and I have decided to place Mr. Day
back in the position he held before Mr.
Dimmick was named.
his services would be dispensed with o-
June 30.
"On June 29 the Irregularity in the
Mint was discovered. After preliminary
investigation I decided to retain Mr. Dim
mick another month, hoping that we
should be able to clear up this matter. He
knew that he would not be kept there
after August 1. On July 3 we gave up
hope and were forced to the conclusion
that some clever and daring thief had
stolen the gold from the vault. Since
then the public has been given, through
the press, some knowledge of the labor
that has been expended in an effort to
solve the mystery of this theft.
WALTER N. DIMMICK. chief ,
clerk of the United States I
Mint, was dismissed yester
day from the service of the
Government, 'Superintendent
Frank A. Leach notifying Dlmmlck that
his employment -would be terminated. The
Superintendent has appointed Ben W.
Day, computing clerk to the Superintend
ent, to the vacant position. Mr. Day was
chief clerk for six years prior to the ap
pointment of Dimmick, and for two years
has been In the Superintendent's depart
ment.
Since the discovery of the $30,000 theft at
the Mint and the suspension of Chief
Clerk Dimmick Mr. Day has been filling
the latter's position. Dimmick, according
to Superintendent Leach, has not been
discharged from the service because of
the shortage. He was to have been re
moved on July 1 and had been given three
months' notice that with the close of the
last fiscal year he would no longer be re
tained.
The disclosures following the discovery
of the theft of the six baps of double
eagles led Superintendent Leach, so he
cays, to retain Dimmick another month.
Mr. Leach gave out the following state
ment last night concerning his retirement
of Dimmick:
"With an earnest desire to do wrong to
no man I want to gay flatly that Mr. Dim
mick docs not leave the employ of the
Government because of the Mint thefts.
I had decided last spring: to make a.
change in his position. On March 1 Mr.
Dimmick was notified by me formally that
CHIEF CLERK OF THE UNITED STATES BRANCH MINT IN THIS
CITY. WHO HAS BEEN DISMISSED FROM HIS POSITION BY SU
PERINTENDENT LEACH. o
Chief Clerk Goes Out to Day—Superintend
ent Declares .He Notified Deposed Man
Before the Big Theft That He Must Go
DIMMICK DISMISSED BY LEACH
FROM HIS PLACE IN THE MINT
> TMK SAIS T FKANC1SCO CALL, TJ1UMSDAY, AUGUST 1, 1901.
7
This Is the Most Important General Sale We Ever Held. /fth^^^^^^^^^R"
The Hale business is widening fast. We are going to meet the demand this fall with a still . / /, V^ST***"^ /^*1r tdf^ i
wider and bigger business. We'll have a great variety ; of stock. We'll ask such fair prices as 'only : ' /l \\ j^^r^&mtnM^th^ '
masters of conditions can dictate. And next: We'll give you the most liberal kind of treatment. /r "f" f \ \ j^^^&businBss building i
We'll have your trade this fall by deserving it. Those are the motives; here are the facts': // 1 \ Vo jp^jjlrjc&r movement is laid 'to- j
| $200,000 Worth of Bright New Goods J \\ VW^"\V> Will" I i
have been specially bought and added to regular stocks. ... ! \ " Vl. J^-t$JZ< \\\
• For This Month's Demonstration. 1 VJ^^^n JSiSS^SJ2SS ll & < l! l S
It's^impossible to .make your money do better service than here this month -.You're noronly getting thebest | Cy,Jr^T' <*%*wSS?%,. California a
there is, but you re saving 20 per cent to 33 1-3 per cent on it. And there isnt a little here and there, -BUi ±,v±aix j; t sf \gja#tf new kind of a store-th« kind '
SECTION OF THE STORE TAKES PART. So much of everything, we can't show but little of it at a time. Each ?^^^- f j^J&SKr\> of a store •*• wanta. Making \
..... .. r . a .. • A x- 4.U- . - ' . . .- \^§&&'\ V? . n « w paths has not only made
day will have its features. Another interesting thing: • , ¦ \ vVl taIlt ' but made haslness. That's"
All These Bargains On Sale for First Time To=Day. ' SS&S^^i^SS.
This advertisement has been very carefully reviewed. Not the semblance of an exaggeration has been allowed to creep * "^^^^^^^^^^^^*5* ™* tlon» and the couragf* to carry i|i ;
in. Facts have been understated rather than overstated. Come expecting surprises and you'll still be surprised. "^"^-C^^^^^^^ 11^" '* Took ; grit and nerva to say < ',
*w— «"* '¦* ' . . w 1 • « r\ Jg 4~L 1 '-J^pa^^^^^ 1 "WE ¦WILL" sell brljht, new \ ij
Flannelette Underwear Dollar Gloves 75c .7 bs-sles sjs^ £
.¦•-;., •:-¦¦:•¦•¦ ***** *A^^AW 8^^^ * * ** M. H VW-1 Put on Sale This Mornln* ' '*«• But wa saw th* economy [V
r» '" c 1 -r r> *o. Fi»«* Tim. f :y : M A 1 . -_T " ' '. that hundreds of families would b« forced to practice— w» saw tho help vrm could be to jit
On Sale To-Oay for First Time. .. S A clear quarter saved. »' » them, and the *ood it would do Us later on. . j ;!;
—Cheaper, than you d expected to piy ' _ T You couldn't, p-et more '* AVD ; " WE "WILL" is a good starter. It's son to taka yon somewhere. Ha« as. "Watch 7 I \l
—as pretty and well made as you can find . i/Z style or better making if j 25 c. J thia building movement as it coe« on. ¦ .1 I I
—it's all right here from the factory *h5nH you paid a dollar. It's giv-*'- * f f _-_ _. /"**% —.1 M
-and there's plenty of everything. • : . in 8 more than you pay when 1045 YARDS YA^XtiSi WlOtll 7oC' 1
• = Positive statements! Positive bargains!"- ''¦ '. c D V^ tc J;a 0^^} n ' «». «-__=. ~* * \ V*
We are going to make more folks think more of us. We don't see how A R f EAL . BAR ? AlN '- , J ' - On Sale To-D»y for FIr«t Time. J a
any one in need of flannelette wear can resist- these proffers. . " ; All ¦ sizes m all . colors— and every So heavy, so finn, so beautifully pnnted—every woman will +—-—-* |j ;
. We had to plan this months ago. It was a bold thing to do. Even when good color, too. ; * want some. -^ > '^y "w: e \
the cases came last week there was a temptation to hold them shut till Decem- ¦¦'/ g?^» ¦ ci-tn ' ' BiSSk* An entirely new ensp and pretty cotton fabnc Such as »e l\
ber.. No! That would be the. old way. We're under ' new methods. We're Made of ' sturdy 'hardy healthy we've never* seen sold under xajic. Why only four days ago I a y°-J H
using -them to build up a powerful bulwark of economy. -: lambskin- held at wrist with two we were asked t0 pay °^ c an d , an 8ai <"dnt see L
35c Underskirts for 25c 75c Flannelette Gowns for 58c clasps. ' how it could be any cheaper. Now you can buy it less than we could I ,| |
.Made of grood Flannelette, deep umbrella ruffle. 480 Ladles' Gowns, " good quality Flannelette. Now, who'll want to pick from relics then. _. .. ' _ tt.^Ji -««•-? ¦»«•,. ~+ T>«++-.^,- ~ m '-.ji ' 7 f
assorted patterns, pink and blue stripes. square yoke, turn-down collar; assorted j v .- rer i < .c ,-.,1^ <¦;,,,- ari A frnm a few n ° there S the IrUleSt ana Handsomest SOU OX Patterns and
- n ..LjjL,, >„, , nn o ftc plnk and blue 8trlpes: SIzes 14 - 15 ' 18 "« "• bad colo^ when tfev can S such Colorings Conceivable. Pinks and blues and lavenders, dark as well as I
m i ? , uf ,°r ?? ¦ i $ L0 ° Flannelette Gowns for 88c gj %»f!J'££u<l Zes at asavX,?? light effects, on which are dots and stripes and hosts of Persian desi^ns-.
fa/™a^nt n e^tra wide um 36 ° Gowns - of good heavy pInk «« blue striped ™" tash.onabl. g oves at a savingf « ¦ colorings. Come expecting to buy for 7^c the prettiest 12^0
cream Cinderella Flannel, extra wide um- Flannelette, round turn-down collar of plain _^^.k«r f~U~l~ AX7- o^» K»!1/i; nn - r*,,i1j; n rr ,in •»<«* ..rim«»;A n «f ?»,» «*«^» Yl
brella flounce on bottom. pink or blue Daisy Cloth; square yoke; plain fabric. We are building — building up your estimation Of the Store. U j
600 Ladies' Flannelette Gowns c O nar? r cults 6 and 3 'acTos3°the P «yoke" siz^3 S i°4, l\l\ 14 C*\i n n^— QriDA'f 1f1ft»C IA/^1 \l
, . ?OP 45C . :.V'\ 13. 16 and 17. • " MkW&P^Ms&tSgSk 1 T 1 U &1 1 II U Q ( L/ = = I ICC L 1 1 1 113 1 U C S \
Full size, with Mother Hubbard style yokes. Child's Flannelette Gowns for 45c /^^-W^^^^^^^^i n c.i. Ti.-. m«.»u» »„. Hi..* ti - i
turn-down collar, ,clf-ruf He on cuffs; as- Good rlannel> ln pInk and blue gtrlpegi Moth?r T , t , , On Sale ThwMornlnft for First Time.
sorted pink and blue stripes; sizes 14, 15, Hubbard style yoke, turn-down collar; sizes W M^^^^^^^J^^^^ That S the way we Start thmfifS for August in Domestics. Staple every- 8
16 and 17. V * to 14 years. .. fe'^^^^St^^^iP^P da y things of standard merit. Have been especially bought for August
27=in. :-All=5ilk VeHins:s oc s&^^Mm^M?^^^"™-** •
* ¦ ¦ . . • ¦ ¦ ¦ J ' i 9^' i^r v vfS0 Bleached Muslin 6>^c The Sheetings ot 16c
2000 Yards en Sale To-Day for the First T.me. . . A *™ Qoodi on sale thl. morning In mibleached. »-quarter wide, regular
We never heard tell of such a veiling offer before. " i. he nearest to it was an _ cr"£^ for the flrst tlme - it is a yard wide, sir* for double bed. it is as line a I [
18-inch one we recently sold at 9c. This is half-as-good-again bargain — $t" .^•£r$& has such a soft finish, is suitable for quality as you usually see for 20c. "We
27 inches wide. Plain and fancy All-Silk meshes relieved with chenille and self wLLj$#P%$ I *«- *£ ¦5Xu ir 2huT < it < u!!S II lie aTarS' 11 !t !
dots. Black and brown. .^^S^S/ f W ™ 3^ , ??%, „ « ». ,*
Won't this make our veiling business grow? Think of the scores and ~^^^^4^k ioTttit^S %St i^eari" $1.OO Table Covers for 65c :
scores of new customers this bargain is bound to bring to the counter. What i^ v7^\ V s^ : "^ A'Y- \ " " we did and ln the quantity as we Turkey red and -white mixed figured for" I
they see is sure to bring them back. See how we build? . «; . " * ' "-•o->--\^ did we could never sen this good Dam- fS™*" ? ize^ , c L th Z m . s< l 0 £ ** le V>
J ° • , _. • • j ¦ -^ g # _ff_& a Instead or 7jC. this morning — 65c Instead of $1.00. ii
Talcum Toilet Powder 4c rucked. Chiffon gc for 15c Hose Supporters I
Perfumed in Violet; an exquisite preparation after' the bath. We have . .HatS, $4'75 ™lh e «S f £^1y e 2,e" U . C ,ia?rS?S,t5i° e v^ .&!"£ Si J^t^SSH: '¦ ''¦
121 dozen cans, bought espacially for this sale — 4c a can. Just Hers From New York. the lot we are selling a.t 8c a pair. - <J ''
Other extraordinary values we put on sale this morning at the drug coun- "As orettv as a oicture " * -* Two other extra values In notions that go on sale this morning: j
ter are: f or they are new and 'SAVfij Brush-Edged Binding 4c I5c Garter Elastic for Tc j
Military Hair Brushes 25c ev «r s?e a solid back mirror before under f re cri Thev saw liffht for I $!.2S j It Is waterproof, an»,lnch wide, with a It Is an Inch and a Quarter wide^ In red. ;
X Mlllia ry 11a 11 ui usnee, «« &^ polished German plate, flnished ;[""• iney saw llgnt lor ± fuU brush ed(?e ln browni naV y t g-^y bluCi yeHo,, vllik or b i ack: lt , 9 . | |
They fcave eight rows of genuine bristles. - Un bevel e dees. the first time Tuesday. and green; on sale this morning and - good a quality as Is usually aoM at 15c; n >
, £X,*OT!t"a! 25= Gold Paint lie We had them designed and sent ¦ mnii «.«,*>». y»rt. ». ,ot it to mak, .» A«s«.t «lr «t 7«. »
:¦ jia^wsio^^ n^ 0^pS^rJ l Slli °p" «^ cular ' y for tWs " bui ' dinK " Question of Scalp Treatment |
T^e bactT'ls one piece of wood (did "yxnl bring "doc, buf In" the trre'gula^wa^llc. L What's better yet — put a bit of vel- And Dressing of the Half Is an Important One With Um. I «
m si «• j "«"wr • j vet on them and you've a fall hat. And lt should be with every woman Just now. This Is the eve of the so- ivn
A^n T{\f TEFr r VhUfT WfliCTC ' — clal s , easo . n - , T he beautiful coiffure Isn't the result of mere skill and clever- y/v
A^L/ IUI y^V'^'IlIlL WCllMJ) n *T* P ness In the hairdresser. Hair which Is harsh or faded or ln a generally W/i\j\
*T«^ : yT.*v; J *JP m~>-M.a.m.m. m* w w* «-"*'*' l/Art*AfC D A^CfiiAAflC hr Poor condition can't be made to look well, no matter how carefully dressed. XJr/y.
ALL SIZES AND ALL NEW. 7 V SIIiIlCI 5 I CdbUUUllb dW The scalp must first be healthy if you'd have a beautiful head of hair. \/P
xt j. i-i • r • i ,i i. j-, •'' * O IT What pride and confidence one has at the opera or bail or social V
Not an old one, not an inferior, one, not .one. you wouldn t readily pay 75c They are nicke i p i ated> tne we n_ gathering to know that one's hair Is up to thVhlghest standard of / V I
for. What a refreshing display of style and beauty! No woman can forget this i, nown cmarantepfl wt— iust the health and beauty. / \
bargain. They come in Madras, striped, pleated soft collars, bishop th "S fo/re'sta "ants and hotels, %^^^^S^. V^^SSS^^S^\^^ Y^L
sleeves, and in such good colors as blue, ox-blood, black and white; sizes 32 They are 7Sc a dozen as measured by fessional examination of your scalp FREE OF CHABGE. ™ G .«
to 40. . .,";¦ .- standarrk ahont town hut we are Right handy are private hair dressing parlors, where skillful ar- \hTi~l1
65c for $1.25 White Lawn Waists goTng to sell the weVe £x f.t "c tlsts wlU dress halr *» flny s^«-25c. " WllJ'
Have open otrlpos. hemstitched effects, new bishop sleeves, and white nlque stock collar and M ,-h lipmnnino- thi= mornino- ¦ , »."
a tie to match, six sizes, from 32 to 38. Waists worth *1.25, now C5c. eacn, Deginning tnis morning. - - . ' >^j^
93c for t $1.50 White Swiss Waists V' O — -^S>. ' - V. <-&> '^^-
Pretty dotted Swi«3 waists, French backs, pleated fronts, bishop sleeve. >nd a white pique Wlfcr ' \ ' "" ' '^g^ / ' "^
r.tock collar. They com, V white grounds, black figured stripes, glzer 32 to 40. £>ar and egg spoons. __*_ >
Hale's.
AMUSEMENTS.
JBJEJL4SCO »» TrfAlJCS jt p&iRE?
TO-NIGHT EVERT EVENIKO THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATTTRDAY AND SUNDAY.
Gorgeous and Magnificent Production of tiia
Great Naval Drama,
THE ENSIGN
JAMES M. BROPHY in his favorite rola as th«
;/ V Ensign Ben Baird.
An Unusually Strong: Cast.
PDirpC Evenings 10c. iLc. TSc. 33c. 50o
raiWEa Matlneea ....10c. 15c. 25o
NEXT WEEK— "MONTE CRISTO."
OLYMF*1A cVZZSZ'z*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
LA MONTS,
Sensational Equilibrists. ' ' ]
LBSTER~REEVES,
- "The" Barytone.
IONE,
In Poses Plaatique.
And Our Celebrated Stock Company.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
.¦.'£: ADMISSION FREE.
6|iCRAMENTO^ T0 W
ftWNWG AtfDtfAI&E$$'RAClNG n
Dairy Contests*
sv Exhibits
Gjzrried Free^ *
pop parti culap-s VfritE.; v
GEaWJACKSON'. '• -AftlPRECKEUL'
PALACE
. ___ These hotels possess
AN]) the attributes that tour- I
Ists • and travelers - ap-
CRAND predate— central loca-
w^ATIAI Uon ,. liberal manage-
Wf\TT5T c ment. .modern appolnt-
I1U 1 CL<3. ment3 and perfect cul- -
sine. -.
San American and Euro-
pean plans. TtfnTI
Fraiy'isco.
ANOTHER WINNER! LAST 4 NIGHTS.
A Splendid Revival.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
"The Adventures of
Nell Gwynne!"
Seats 15c. 15c. 33c. 60c and 73c.
.ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next •Week-"CAMILLE.' i
VAUDEVILLE
FROM THE NEW AND OLD WORLDI
MOLASSO-SALVAGGI TROUPE. ALEXAN-
DRA DAGMAR. STANTON v AND MO-
DEXA, THE 3 BROOKI^YNS. MURPHY
AND NICHOLAS, ARR.4lS AND 'ALICE.
ED F. REYNARD. AMETA AND THE
BIOGRAPH. SHOWING THE LAUNCH-
ING OF THE SHAMROCK II.
Reserved Seats, 26c; Balcony. 10c; Op«ra
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. .
Evenlnss at S. - Matinee Saturday at SL
A TREMENDOUS OVATION!
Grand Opera Season
\fc I F\ A FR">AY and
Ml fl U /^ saturdaV.
RiGOLETTO mX»
_^^ «i^_ and Sunday.
Next Week— "IL TROVATORE" and "LUCIA"
—POPULAR PRICES-25C. 60c. 75c-^—
Telephone Bush 9.
GHUTES_an/ZOO
special ip-night!
THE AMATEURS
,--— AND A
LADIES' SKIPPING - ROPE
CONTEST.
SEE
LtlNETTE,
THE HYPiNOTIC MARVEL.
• ¦ Telephone for Seats— Park J3. - ' •
SUTRO BATHS.
open nights;
OPEN . DAILY FROM 7 *A.* M. TO 11 P. M.
: Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
. ADMISSION lOo— CHILDREN 5c .
I Bathing (including admission) 25c, Children 20c.
J LAST FOUR NIGHTS— MATINEE SAT.
The Distinguished Irish Comedian.
MR. CHAUNCEY
OLCOTT
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE."
In the New Irish Comedy,
GARRETT O'MAGH.
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
Hear OLCOTT'S NEW SONGS.
Last Performances Sunday Night.
PRICES THIS WEEK— 25c to $1 50. _.
Be j. NEXT MONO AY. Aug, 5,
Charles frohman's
EMPIRE THEATER COMPLY,
Direct From the Empire Theater. New York,
Presenting Henry Arthur Jones' Greatest Play,
MRS, DANE'S DEFENCE.
Box and Seat Sale Begins TO-DAY,
¦FVjrkTPI^tPurtnff the Empire Theater Co.
llUi C* Engagement the Following Prices
Will Prevail: $2. $1 E0. $1. 75c. 50c and 25c.
PACKED AGAIN LAST NIGHT.- '-
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
M VTINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS
"THE SENATOR"
By David Lloyd and Sydney Rosenfeld.
The Best American Comedy Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES 10c," 15c. i 25c, EOc. 750
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.; y-:
NEXT WEEK.. .....'-THE TOLL GATE INN"
SPECIAL
BARGAIN MATINEE
25c and 50c. :-.-- "'
j MR. JAMiiS AND THE
¦7l/|=r/f-- / neill
/ W Sma/ M M**** fer/ COMPANY.
* ALL THIS WEEK.
The Case of Rebellious Susan
'EVE..:. ..:....'...... ...25c, 33c, 60c, 75c, $1
SAT.vMAT ....; L ....25c. 7Sc .
: Next Sunday Evening— "THE AMAZONS." '
." •' SEATS READY TO-MORROW."
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCCTys. OAKLAND.
To-day, Friday and Saturday at 3:15.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M.
¦' -. i • * ¦ • .¦
RECREATION^PARK,
Eichth j and Harrison streets. '
FIQrHFR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
! CHARITY MARTIN, PIETRO : BUZZI. r G.- S.
Wanrell.-; Mabel Rutherford, ; Jennie Metzler,
Nellie i Bruce, Hopper : and . Hopper and Karl'
and Bayle. ¦{*,.¦¦:;; •;•'¦ .. . ..:. . ' .
v ; ; , Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
Fels & Co., makers,
Some grocers buy Fels-Nap-
tha as quick as they can; some
wait till their customers make
'era. >
AMUSEMENTS. .
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
TEETH Witnont PLATES
$5.00.
Why vrtar cumbersome plates when you
can have teeth without them?
HT* Chalmers Dental Co.,
ImUII- 133 Powell Street,
aenti. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hale's.
AMUSEMENTS.in New Orleans, 5000 In a year. 1 3 larser
than in Baltimore, although the ,popula-
N^&fa^Ss 0^^. 8 ' 000 and Ot
STATIONS. I 3= 33 2- S* Pff
STATES.. I V,C."?C 5=0 j?° |f
A»torU ....;.30.22* 66 £2 NW Clear 8
¦¦¦¦'¦ The ;' river. ;boats» came -in , very 'late,' which
upset " the early , morning \ business 1 very : much.
Strike ./conditions 'were , unchanged. . and the
dealers ' reported - that .1 they '.' were moving .' all
goods, though,' of course, more slowly than in
ordinary, times. -'' ¦ '¦_-..." ¦¦ • •-> • .
\ Ppa.r» are lower In bdxes.' but steady and un-
Deciduous and: Citrus Fruits.
FOR WEDNESDAY. " JULY, SI.
Flour, qr sks.V... 33,153 Straw,' tons.. ' ' • e
Wheat, ctls.....:. 2,925 Wool, bales.... * : sr«
Barley, ctls 6.190 Hides. No ; " ' lai
Oats; ctls......... 2.380 Pelts, bdls. :....." 11 103
Beans, sks........ 1.042 Wine. gals.....;., aim
Corn," East, ctls.: 1.000 Lime, bbls...... -is"
Potatoes, sks ¦_ 4.195 Sugar, ctls....... sja
Onlons,isks.: 927 .Tallow, ctls..... .. 241
H^'t^Vrv;;" rolls..... «
Receipts of Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
(IJiWti Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 31-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from Rtailons in California to-day:
Kureka, 60; Mount Tamalpais. S6 ; "Independ
ence, 100; Ile4 Blu*. 1C2; Fresno, 106; Los An
celes. 84; Sacramento. 100; San Luis Obispo, Vi;
Ban Diego. "4. '
Sail Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
75; minimum. S3; mean, CZ. .
Weather Report.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.', July 3t— CATTLE— Re
ceipts,' 1887. Generally 10@15c higher. 1 Natives.
$1?T6; cows and v heifers, - $1 70®5; ¦ bulls-: and
stags," $2 35@5: stockers and feeders, ' $1 75@4 10;
veals, ¦ $2@5. ...... -.• : -- '. «•. »v - . -;..-?-..•¦-:; ¦¦ .;•-¦.'..•
. HOGS — Receipts. SSS2. -1 Onened ¦teadv. rlnaerl
st.Yjoseph
CHICAGO. July 31.— CATTLE— Receipts, i 13.
000. ; including . 250 '. Texans." J. Market -active j and
10ig:20c higher. . Good to" prime ;" steers, \ $5 50@
6 40;;poor tomedium. $4 40@5 CO;stockers and
feeders, $2 50@4 40 ; , cows and heifers, .- $2 35@5 ;
canners, $1 25@2 30; ¦ bulls. •.; $2 50@4 50; calves,
$3?T4 75: Texas steers, '$3@4 60. ¦ ,r
HOGS— Receipts ¦¦¦¦ to-day, 30,000; '• to-morrow,'
27,000; left over, 600. -. Strong to steady, r Mixed
and butchers, $5 50©5 95; good to choice heavy,
$5 85®S 10; rough heavy,- $5 30@5 75; light; $5 65
@3 70; bulk of saUs. $5 60@5 90. ' .-. •'
• SHEEP — Receipts. •¦ 15,000. .. Strong to : 10c
higher. :, Good ¦ to ¦< choice -¦ wethers, 1 $3 75@4 25;
fair to choice - mixed, .* $3 25@3 75; -.Western
sheep.v $3 20@3 90;, > yearlings, v;.$4@4 35: /native
lambs, $2 25@5 40;, Western lambs, $4 35@5 40.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
The, market stood about the same yesterday.
Butter : was weak~ and | unsettled, as dealers did
not know how receipts were going 1 to run from
now on. in view of the strike . along the
wharves. 1 Cheese ' and Eggs ruled • firm, ' and
supplies "- of ¦ both ' were moderate. ' '
: -Receipts I were i 17,900 pounds and — — tubs ¦ of
Butter, 820 '• cases • of Eggs, - — • cases Eastern
Eggs,' 27,800 ; pounds of : California ; Cheese, .
pounds Oregon Cheese and — — pounds . Eastern
Cheese. ! ' • '- ' ¦ . ¦ *• ~ '¦ ,- -: - . .'.
•BUTTER— Creamery, 20c and occasionally 21c
per lb for fancy and 19c for seconds; dairy, 15®
18c; store Butter,' 12%©l4c per lb. « ..
¦ CHEESE— New,- 9@10c; old. nominal: Young
Americas. ; 10@llc per lb: Eastern, 13@15c.
;. EGGS— Ranch." 17@2Oc. for' good, to fancy;
store, 14@16c per dozen; Eastern, _ 15c. * :'.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
. 'WHEAT— Receipts, about 85,500 bushels; ex
ports. 120,023 bushels. Spot,' easy; No. 2- red.
75c f. o.'b afloat; "No. 2 ; red, 73%c -elevator;
No. 1 northern Duluth. 76^c f. o. b. . afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 84%c f . o. b. ' afloat. | Op
tions opened steady, on cables and were sus
tained most of the day by ¦ Corn strength in
face of a big primary * movement, favorable
crop conditions and 'a less active export trade.
They finally sold- off under realizing, i however,
and closed easy at %c net decline. ; September/
73 H-16iff74Vie, closed 73%c: October, 74V6@74%c.
closed 74%c; December, 75%@76Vic, closed 75%c.
' HOPS— Quiet. . .
HIDES— Steady. - ' ' *
WOOL— Quiet. :
COFFEE^Spot '' Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice 7
5%c; mild; quiet:- Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures
closed steady with prices net 5 points : lower.
Total sales, 7500_ bags, Including: September,
4.80c; October arm November, 4.90c; December,
5.05c; February, . 5.15c; March, 5.25c; May, ¦ 6.35c •
. SUGAR— Raw, steady; "fair- refining, • 3 9 7 16c:
centrifugal, . 96 • test, 4 . 6-32c; - molasses sugar
3 5-16c; refined, dull. ,w
BUTTER— Receipts, 6400. packages; firm-
State dairy, 14@19c:- creamery. ' 16@HH4c; fac
tory, 13@15c limitation creamery,' 14@17V>c. •
' EGGS — Receipts. .-8159 packages. -Steady;
Western, candled. 12@16%c; - Western, 1 uncan
dled. 8@44e. ¦ >
DRIED FRUITS. V
. NEW YORK, ¦ July : 31. — The : general A market
for evaporated Apples was. quiet all day. but
NEW .YORK, July 31.— FLOUR— Receipts.
11,620 barrels; exports, 31,637 barrels. Quiet and
about steady. ' ¦ ¦'. * ". ':
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, July 31.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances . in the general fund,'
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In 'the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $176,615,161; gold.' $99,480,159. '
Condition of the Treasury.
The market was In rather better shape, re
ceipts being, lighter and the demand .very fair.
Quotations for 'several descriptions' showed
some Improvement. . One car of Eastern came"
in. making four thus far this week.
The season for Doves and Venison opens to
day. ¦' Under the new law no person. Is allowed
to have over 50 Doves In his possession on any
one day, and no person is allowed to kill more
than three deer during the season. . . • ¦ ~ : • •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9c for Gobblers
and 9<gl0c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings. $1 255fl 50; Ducks, $2 50@3 for old ana
$3@4 for young; Hens, $4@4 50; young Roosters,
$5<@6;- old Roosters, $3 50@4; -Fryers, $4@4 £0/
Broilers, $3<g3 50 for large and • $1 75@2 60 : for
small: Pigeons, $1 50@>l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 2501 50 for Squabs. ' >-» - .
GAME— Hare, $1@1 50; Rabbits, * $1@1 50 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
BOSTON, July SI.— The American Cotton and
Wool Reporter will "say to-morrow of the wool
trade:"' v °
The market continued on an even keel, with
continued cheerfulness, a more or less uniform
amount of business and with more or less of
a conviction that the market Is to sell higher
in the future than the prices of j the present.
The • fact • that buyers have been • paying high
prices out West shows that they expect to sell
at better prices here. . ¦ ¦ „'*
Mills I generally have orders enough I to keep
their I machines running through I August and
perhaps through September, and they have had
to-buy wool i to execute these -orders. ¦ '
'The sales of the week in Boston wre 6.790,000
pounds domestic and 310,000 foreign, making a
total of 6.100,000 pounds, . . against a total of
6,570,000 for the previous week and a total | of
3,268,500 for the corresponding week last year.
The receipts ' of 'wool' In Boston : this , week
amount to 33,267 bales, against 30,758 last week
and 15,013 last year. ... - , ,
• Shipments of ' wool for, the week ending July
29 were 5,637,896 pounds. This shows an in
crease of 662,702 pounds over the shipments of
the previous week. ... -, . r— ¦
Since January 1 the total shipments amount
to"U2,3SS,155 pounds. " 1
Boston Wool Market.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 31.— The cotton market
closed steady, prices net 2 points higher to 2
points lower. - , : .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Johnson, Seattle
G Monroe. Dlxon •
C Anderson, Dlxon
S J Faylor, S Rosa
S Willis & w. N Zlnr!
W Spelman, Sacto
C S Clark. Sacto
W : Wilde. Denver
H Murray, N Y
G L Ollns, Cal
C C Ball. Fresno
J Smith, .Kansas
G G Lambert, Cal
A Sylvester. S Rosa
S Btssorrett, Cal
M T Wildlsh. Nebr
PALACE HOTEL.
J Tamora. Jaoan
H Klemanoto. Tacoma
W Nelson & w. N Zlnd
J Nelson. New Zealand
Miss H Nelson. N Zlnd
G H Clark, Chicago
C F Pierce. N Y
B Marx. N Y
W A MuTphy. L Ang
B Sweeney &. w. Spkne
Miss E Sweeney. Spun
Miss Kluckaon. Spkn
F E Stewart. N Y
H A Pearsls, Los Ang
J W Watson. N Y
Miss Howard. Los Ang
E L Vance. Oakland
S Welnheimer, S Louis
L H Stewart, Carters
Miss M Trotter. Wnona
Miss A Trotter, Wnona
Miss J Samuels. Ky
O M Henklng & w.N T
W Warren. Wallace
W R Rarosdell. S Dgo
H Jones, Tooeka
T Rhelnsteln & w.Clnn
R T Rhelnsteln, Clnn
S S Pratt & w. N Y .
L Farrarut. N Y
J P Houson, USA
G McLure, San Diego
Miss McLure. S Diego
Sam Caro. N Y
T A Dean. N Y
H G Kauffman, N Y
E Everhart. Oakland
T B Rich & w. Boston
R E Rich, Boston
R G Harrison. Nevada
Mrs W G Davis & d.
Auburn
J H Gardiner. Cal
Mrs C J Berry, Selma
R E McKenna Lemore
M P Costa, Hanford
J W Shea, Wash
A W Howard, 111
M Osborne & w, Chlco
Mrs E H Lake. L A
Miss A Clawsen. L A
Miss L Clawsen. L A
Miss T Smith. L Ang
J H Bevans, Alaska
Mrs Bevans & c, Alska
W W Shartel. Portld
J T Lamar, Ga
H J Lamar Jr. Ga
W D Lamar Jr. Ga
J-C Apple. Fresno
Mrs Apple, Fresno
J F Lewis, Ventura
R E Jeffrey & w, Bstn
Dr Taggart, Bakersfld
N Blackstock. Ventura
T McCaffery. L Ang
E F Frazer, Sacto
R S Clark & w, N Y
R Luscombe, L Gatos
Miss N Scott, Sacto
J E Koeberle. L Ang
J Fillins & w. Cal
C E Shepard. Seattle
W Tucker. Seattle
M Gross. Seattle'
W M Smith, Vanco'uvr
Mrs M Gorton. Cal
E Northcote & w. L A
H M Lamb. Victoria
M Pabst & w Cal
Mrs Knapp. Napa
C Rogers, S Jose
H Collinson. Victoria
M Voorhies, Tacoma
G N Sharp*. Vaca villa
Mrs Frazler. Kansas
J O Byxbee & w, Fras
G Slmonton & w. Colo
Carrie Rea, GUroy
Irene Hankenson, Cal
C S Green, Bakersfleld
J R Pearl & w. Boston
W S Thompson & w,
Boston
B Thompson, Boston
H Hlldreth, S Diego
B Hlldreth, S Diego
F Cox Jr. Sacto
Freda Cox. Sacto
N Whittaker. Stockton
Mrs McFarland, L A
G McKee & w, S Jose
Miss Schroder. S Josa
Mrs Peck. Stockton
Mrs Robinson & s. Cal
H Malloch. Cal
F Rommage, Atltn
F Lapague. Chicago
G Wlckerstand, Manila
A Saul, Suisun
L Pierce, Suisun
J Vigario & w, Cal
E Bronaugh. Portland
J McNamara, Chicago
J P Smith, Chicago
Lucy M ..Warlelume,
San Josa
C Daugberg Jr. Nev
G Frbhman. N Y
F Loeholdt & w Cal
W C Smith, Chlco
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL AP.RIVAIA
VEGETABLES — Asparagus.- $1 75@2 25 for
lar^e and 50c@$l 50 for ordinary; Green Peas,
iyi([?2c: String Beans, l%@3c; Limas. 4@7c; Cab
bage, 3£@40c per ctl: Tomatoes, from the River,
in large boxes, 35@50c ;; Dried Peppers, 120180;
Green Okra. 65c@$l per box; Carrots, 25@35c;
per sack; Cucumbers, Bay. 25@40c; Pickles, IVic
per lb for small and lc for large; Garlic, 2@3c:
Green Peppers, 40@85c per box for Chile and
75c@$l 60 for Bell; Egg Plant, 40@75c per box;
Green Corn, 25@-90c per sack; Alameda, $1@1 50
per crate; Berkeley, . 85@90c: Summer Squash,
large boxes, 15@25c; New Marrowfat Squash,
$15@20 per ton.
Potatoes are firm and In continued demand
for shipment. \ Prices, however; stand about the
same.- There is no particular change in Onions.
Vegetables run along the same from day to
day, with no changes worthy of note. ¦
- POTATOES— 80c@$l 15 in sacks and $1@1 40 In
boxes for Burbanks, 85c@$l for CJarnet Chiles
and S5c@$l' for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks,
$1 25@1 SO. " ¦
ONIONS— Yellow, 75@95c per ctl; Pickle On
ions. 75c per sack.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Giant Powder Company has declared
dividend No. 32 of 75 cents" a share.
' NEW YORK, July 31.— Money on call, stead
ier, 2V404 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; prime
mercantile DaDer, 4% per cent. Sterl ins: ex
change strons, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 87%@4 87% for demand and
$4 E5%@4 85',i for sixty days; posted rates, $4 86
@4 88%; commercial bills, $4 84V4@4 84%. Bar
silver, 58%c: Mexican dollars, 46c. Govern
ment bonds, steady; State bonds, eaay; rail
road bonds, irreeular.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, July 31.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchison,
75%; do preferred, 9S%; Canadian Pacific. 110%;
D. &. R. G., 42%; do preferred, 93; Southern
Pacific, 57>4: Union Pacific, 102; do preferred,
91U. . • . ¦ -' - -
Money, 2»/4@3 per cent. ' ¦ ' ¦ • ¦ •
Bar Silver, quiet, 26 15-16d per ounce.
CLOSING.
• The markets here to-day were = in a state of
utter : stagnation before the impending bank
holiday. The exchange wilUbe closed on Sat
urday and . Monday. The market borrowed
heavily from the bank, as large Installments
are pending- on various loans. The bank also
discounted for *he first : time for weeks.
' NEW YORK. July. 31.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 8c; local
make, Uc less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 32
©35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags. SU^c
for cotton and 8H@8»4c for JJute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send. $9; Cumberland.' $12 50 in bulk and $13 75
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 20CO lbs and ?3 50 per ton, according
to brand.
• Harrison's circular says: . "Since the first
of last month there have been the following
arrivals of coal from Australia, viz.: Royal
ist. 4000 tons; Irene, 1227 tons; Montebello, 3C0O
tons; Australian. 3370 tens; total. 11,597 tons.
The engaged list of coal carriers from Aus
tralia (loaded and to be loaded) foots up nine
teen vessels, with a carrying capacity of about
60,000 tons, which shows an increase of about
20.000 tons during the month of July. At this
time last year there were on the chartered list
ffrpm Australia forty-five vessels with a carry
ing capacity of 110.000 tons. The principal rea
sons assigned for this shrinkage of tonnage are
the high prices of coal In the colonies, the high
freights heretofore ruling there, and the- sub
stitution of oil for steam grades of coal here
locally. The decline of about four shillings per
ton In coal freights from Newcastle in the
month of July is gradually increasing the num
ber of charters being made to transport coal to
San Francisco. If it Is ever- anticipated that
Australian coal will regain Its former posi
tion there must be a special price made to
meet this. market at the points of shipment;
The coal market of Honolulu is reported to be
seriously overloaded with Australian, and
absurdly ! low prices are being named for car
: goes which have arrived there unsold. This
will tend to increase the loading list at New
castle for this port, and -should cause a further
decline in coal freights."
OILS^-Californla Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. $1 26; Unseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
94c; raw. 92c: cases. 5c more: Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc: cases, 85c: China
Nut, 65@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 67%c; cases. 72%c: Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallop; Fish Oil.
in • barrels. ' 3"Hc; cases. ¦ 42%c.
, COAL OIL-^ Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 19c; Astral, 19c; Star,
19c: Extra Star, 23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline. In bulk. 15c: In cases,
21c; Benzine. In bulk. 14c; in cases, 20c; 86-de
gree Gasoline, in bu!k, 20c; in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
52c !n drums or iron barrel*. "
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%@8c
per lb; White Lead, 7Vi@8c,> according to quan
tity. - - . ¦ ' •
- SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound," In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, crushed and fine crushed, ,5.75c; Pow
dered. 5.35c: Candy Granulated. 5.35c; Dry Gran
ulated. 5.25c: Confectioners' A, 5.25c; Fruit
Granulated, 5.25c: Beet Granulated, 5.15c; Mag
nolia. 4.85c; Extra C. 4.75c; Golden C, 4.65c; bar
rels. 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more: boxes 50c
more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
inos, half-barrels, 6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb
General Merchandise.
Large White Beans are now coming Into de
mand for Eastern shipment, as the Michigan
crop, .on which the , East depends largely, is
all cleaned up. Pinks also continue in demand
for shipment. Otherwise there is nothing new.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60; Small White, $4 80
@4 95; Large White, $3 50@3 80; Pink, $1 75@1 95;
Red, $3 15@3 25; Blackeye, « $3 25@3 40; Limas.
$6 30©6 40; Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal. ¦ Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75® 3; Canary, 3%@
3V£c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%@
2Vie; Hemp, 3&c per lb. •
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK. July 31.— The feature of im
portance in metal circles to-day was the loss
of £2 5s in spot tin in London and a decline of
£1 15s in the future positions, due, it was said,
to heavy liquidation in that market. The close
was weak at £117 10s for- spot and £114 10a
for futures. Here, however/ little of conse
quence' transDired. spot tin ruling entirely
nominal, while the forward deliveries were
easy and 50 points lower at $27@28. -.Copper In
London retained 2s 6d of yesterday's loss and
ruled steady, closing at- £67 10s on' spot and
£67- 17s on futures. The domestic production
of conper . durinc the first six months ending
June 30 amounted to 133,394 tons, against 134,
577 tons last year. . Shipments for.t,he first six
months ending June 30 to Europe were 49,365
tons, as compared with 85,322 tons last year.
Deducting shipments from supplies, there were
apparently left for home consumption for the
first . six months endinc June 30, 105,148 tons,
against «5.205 tons last year. Lead was un
changed: here, but declined 2s 6d in London to
j: 11 15s. Spelter, quiet, closing at $3 90@3 95,
and abroad at £16 12s 6d. Domestic mar
kets ruled dull. Plglron warrants,' $9 50@10;
No. 1 Northern foundrv, $15@15 60: No. 2 foun
dry. Southern, $14@14 40: No. 1 foundry, south
ern, $14 75@15 25; No. 1 foundry. Southern, ' soft,
$14 75015 25. -Glasgow warrants . closed at 5-is,
and Middlesboro 46s.
New .York Metal Market.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6?ic for Steers and 5®6c per lb for
VEAL — Large, 7@8c: small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
L \MB— Spring. 8^®9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%@
6%c: over 2C0 lbs. 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off, boars 50 per cent oft and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7^@9Hc
NEW YORK. July 31. — There was no lndi
i cation this morning of any awakening from
the lethargic state In which the stock market
has been during the whole of this week. A
spasmodic dip was effected In the stocks of
the United States Steel Corporation at the
opening on the failure of the Amalgamated
Association to agree upon terms for settling
the strike at their session i yesterday. The
whole market opened down in sympathy under
the attack of the professional traders. But
the subsequent action of the market demon
strated Its professional character. The open-
Ing dip, following yesterday's decline, repre
sented the extent to which small traders were
willing to commit themselves, and they com
menced to buy to cover short contracts and
take their profits, if possible. - In the absence
of any important Interest in the market these
day-to-day varying fluctuations- :»re all that
can be expected. The policy of What are called
the larger" interests,, pending the i-?velnpment
of new factors, including the seltlemnt of the
steel strike, seemed to be pretty clearly de
fined by these Indications. By buying stocks
freely during the period of liquidation, they
accomplished their purpose of ' supporting
prices. When prices advanced they were will-
Ing to sell out the holdings which were taken
purely for supporting purposes, but were clear
ly undisposed to attempt an extensive advance,
until the situation clears Itself. The market
Is thus left fallow, except for the efforts of a
small contingent of professional operators
whose attempts to move prices are of small
efficacy. They secure no following when they
bid up* prices and they induce no important
liquidation now when ¦ they offer them down.
It is noticeable that railroad authorities are
willing to concede rather more damage to the
corn crop, now that the drouth is effectually
broken,: than they were during the period when
the securities of their companies were .under
pressure of liquidation. With the turn of the,
month, some light replenishment of the" money
market is looked for as the result of dividend
and interest disbursements, . which are,* how
ever, small. The most important is the divi
dend on United States Steel preferred of 1%
per cent for the quarter, involving an outgo
of about $9,000,000. This doubtless had : much
to do with the small flurry in the call I loan
market late in the day which helped the move
ments of the traders to put down prices to
about the lowest of the day. . Intimations that
the strike settlement 'negotiations were not go
ing -smoothly helped to this end. The closing
was weak. United States Steel fell an extreme
2?4 and the preferred 3Vg. The most conspicu
ous feature, next to these, was Norfolk and
Western, which rose nearly 3 points on a per
sistent demand, which was without . explana
tion.
I The bond market was Intensely dull and lr-
I regular. Total sales, par value, $910,000.
United States bonds were all , unchanged on
the last call. . . -
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— . Bid. .
28,200 Atchison 73
3,700 Atchison' prefd ...". 95%
. 900 Baltimore & Ohio 86>4
300 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92',*
6.300 Canadian Pacific :.... 107%
700 Canada Southern 68
14,900 Chesapeake & Ohio 46^4
1.C00 Chicago & Alton 37%
200 Chicago & Alton prefd ..;... 75V4
. 400 Chicago, Ind & Louisville.. 34
Chicago.' Ind & Louisville prefd.;:. 69
Chicago & Eastern Illinois.... 1S2
900 Chicago & Great Western .....:. 22 1 / i
Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 81%
100 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 47%
... ¦ Chicago' & Northwestern .; ...190 ¦
2,400 - Chicago, Rock Island & Pacinc...... 137>,i
400 Chicago Terminal & Trans... 18ft
800 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 38
LOOO C. C. C &. St Louis............ so
700 Colorado Southern-...'..... .- 13
Colorado Southern 1st prefd... 49V
Colorado Southern 2d prefd;...-.:.... 22.
¦ 200 Delaware & Hudson :...lu9'
Delaware, -Lack & West ......223,
....... Denver & Rio Grande 40
700 Denver & Rio Grande prefd.. 90>«
1,900 Erie ....37 "
COO Erie 1st prefd 66U
200 Erie 2d prefd ....49
2,800 Great ¦ Northern prefd .-....".... ' .176%"
Hocking Valley, ...". ....; d
100". Hocking Valley prefd ..: 74U
1.900 Illinois Central ...HSU.
600 Iowa Central ....:......; 23
Iowa. Central prefd< ........""...........73^
Lake Erie & Western. 62 .
...-.'... ¦ Lake Erie & Western prefd...'.. 110
New York Stock Market.
WEDNESDAY. July a— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. - * Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice • 08 09
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 03 C5 Lady Wash.... 01 —
Belcher 08 03 Mexican ....... 18 19
Best & Belcher 17 13 Occidental 04 07
Bullion.... 01 03 Ophlr - 73 74
Caledonia 38 40 Overman 13 15
Challenge Co*. 33 40 Potosi 06 CS
Chollar 08 09 Savage 03 IOj
Confidence 130 140 Scorpion - — 0*
Con Cal & Va..2 10 2 15 Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 17 IS
Con New. York. 01 02 Silver Hill " 23 . 31
Crown Point... OS 09 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con 08 — Standard S 35 — •
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 03 —
Gould & Curry. 16 17 Union Con 15 IS ,
Hale & Norcrs. 14 — Utah 03 04
Julia... — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 23 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
There were 22 cars of Hay on the tracks.
There was no change in the situation. A few
large teams were running, but as a rule the re
tailers hauled their purchases \ away in small
wagons. . Prices ; for everything remained un
changed.
BRAN— $18 50i@19 per ton. ;
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton. '
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26: Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, *17@18; Corn Meal, $30 50
@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31@32; Mixed Feed, $17
@18. '
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 50: choice, $10; Wheat and
Oat. $6 50S9; Oat, $6<g8 50; Barley and . Oat,
$6<S8: Alfalfa, $7®9; Clover, $5 50@7; Volunteer,
$4 S0®5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
"'Following: were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 09| 300 Ophlr .'. 72
100 Best & Belcher 1S| 500 Yellow Jacket.. 23
200 Con Cal & Va..2 1S|
Afternoon Session.
ICO Challenge 381 100 Hale & Norcrs." 18
300 Con Cal & Va..2 15 1C00 Justice 03
200 Gould & Curry. 151 , ', f
Following were the sales in the Pacinc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Challenge Con.. 44 400 Confidence 1 50
600 Chollar 08 500 Crown Point... 09
5C0 Chollar 09 2C0 Gould & Curry. IS
300 Con Cal & V.2 07V4 100 Ophir 75
400 Con Cal & V...2 10 SCO Savage 10
200 Con Cal & V...2 15 200 Scorpion 03
300 Con Cal & V.2 mi 1800 Union Con 16
100 Confidence 1 40 100 Yellow Jacket. 30
• Afternoon Session.
800 Justice 081 300 Savage 10
200 Mexican IS I 300 Yellow Jacket.. 30
MIXING STOCKS.
• - '¦' K -'S 0 -5S " "0
.-¦¦•:•:•, SS g| &3 |g ..?!•
.'.-•stations. -'. ;\fi" ,| 3 So fn
;"• ¦-•''.¦* " ¦'."'.?¦'. \r-'-"\ i I 3 P V &I
Ventura.. 76 50 ...
Hollister ., ...'.. 89 53 W ...
Palermo .".......104 74 W
Santa Maria ........... S6 60 ..... ...
Hanford .....M05 7S Calm
San Jose ....'. 97 67 N ...
Napa. 94 63 S -
Riverside — Valencia late oranges now being
harvested; weather sultry, but not bo dry as
a week ago. •
Ventura— Beans not injured, temperature get
ting lower. ¦ • -." ¦ . -• »'
Holllster— Hazy, fruit and beets doing well,
west wind.
Palermo— West wind,, partly cloudy, trace of
rain this morning. Picking Muirs.
Santa Maria — Apricots light crop. ' Barley
and . oats good. . Wheat fair. - Bean prospects,
only average. *-•'¦•
Kan Jose— Partly cloudy; north wind sultry.
Prunes ripening fast; commence picking about
ten days.
Hanford — Trace rain; calm. Crops favorable.
Peaches and melons, receipts large.
Napa — South wind, partly cloudy; canneries
busy on peaches .and plums. .
¦ - ' ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
''¦.'•.:.¦¦• . . . ' . Forecast Official.
' HIDES AND SKINS— Culls' and brands j sell
about ¦ l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10}£c; medium, 9@10c; light, 85£@3c;
Cow Hides, 8!4S9c for heavy and S^@9c /or
light '-Stags, S^jc: Salted Kip. 9%c;. Salted Veal,
9M.@10c; Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides 16GlC£c;
Culls. 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 17@17^sc:
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
linsri 15@30c each; short Wool. 30@50c each;
medium 50@75c; long Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 50©2 75 for large and $2@2 23 for
medium. $150<gl 75 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Coin. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins. 20c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins
Prime Angoras, ',75c; large and smooth. 50c;
mpdium, 3oc. ¦ - " .
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice.
5c- No 2 3V4Q^c; grease. 2%«r3c.
WOOL— Spring, 19C0 or 1901— Humboldt | and
Mendccino. 14@13%c:'do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free, J2iB13c: defective. S'Sllc; Middle
County, free, 10® He: do. defective. S@10c:
Southern. '12 months, S@9c: Southern, free. 7
months, 7@10c; <lo, defective, 7 months, 7@Sc:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse ll@13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice. ll@13c;
do. fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada, 10@ll%c. Fall
San Joaquin Lambs'. 7^4@9c :
HOPS— 15®20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
"The stock market has offered excellent trad
ing opportunities and this situation seems like
ly to continue. A few stocks which had ad
vancrd to unreasonably high or control price*
are Ftlll beyond the reach of investors, and
should be handled carefully by speculators.
There are others which have shown declines
of I5@30 points that are much eafer and more
profitable. Several heavy blows have been
dealt to the market, which at the present level
has displayed excellent resisting qualities. Li
quidation has been very thorough and Etocks
neve been passing into stronger hands for the
last month or six weeks. The monetary situa
tion is steadily improving: bank reserves Beem
iikely to increase during the next few weeks;
gcMlt coming in from the Klondike, and' the
Treasury will shortly begin to disburse funds
mere freely; consequently there is little chance
of disturbance In the mosey market until the
-rop movement begins. No further untoward
fle\ elopments have taken place abroad, and the
quantity or American securities over there has
b^en so greatly diminished that our stocks will
tie lees sensitive to foreign disturbance than
formerly. Altogether, the situation is one de
serving a. fair degree of confidence. The
known bad features have been for the present
fit least probably discounted, and the c#untry
t'iil continues on Its prosperous career. When
the bis operators again take a hand,' refreshed
fcy vacations, we may look lor a more active
tEsrket." ¦ -. ' i .V;
"The turn in the drift has been impelled prin
cip2l!y by three very real and substantial
cauree, all cf which have been sudden and
unexpected: <l) the injury to the crops, <2) the
great etrike 'of the employes of the steel corpo
ration, and (8) the uncertainty of a money
market which may possibly be subjected to un
usually heavy and urgent demands for move
ment of the crops.
"A reaction from the recent unprecedented
rise in the prices cf securities was to be ex
pected. With such an extraordinary Increase
In the earning power of the railroads, such a
xnarvelooe run of national prosperity, and such
en unrestrained buoyancy in every business In
terest—to eay nothing of the excitement de
veloped by the great corporate deals — it is not
at all remarkable that the market value of
lailroad investments should have risen to such
unparalleled figures as we have lately seen.
That tendency having exhausted its force, it
is not a matter of surprise that a sharp reac
tion has eet in from the upward impuse. For,
net a few of the large buyers on the rise
bought less because they were convinced that
the new level of values would prove permanent
than because they believed that the new Inflat
ing conditions would produce a temporary un
cqualed enhancement in quotations. Their ex
perience under all sorts of conditions of specu
lation had taught them that maximum values
never prove permanent; and that, when the
top has been reached, an impulse of reaction
mug-, have its eway, which may as easily as not
carry values as much below the normal as
they had previously been forced above it. That
is a fixed law in the operations of the Stock
Exchange, which must always sooner or later
££scrt its sway, and sometimes in disregard of
conditions that legitimately determine the
\'alue of investments. The course of the stock
market during the last two weeks lias been
a marked verification of this principle.
The New York clrudor of Henry Clews says:
Conditions in Wall Street.
••Evaporated Apples on the epot are still
climbing. The last carlot sale of prime is re
ported to have been made at 7%c. but holders
yesterday asked 7%i@7Tic firm, and there was an
active buying movement at full quotations.
Eales of a car or mere of under prime were
reported at 71fct Fancy and choice are in some
request in a jobbing way. Future prime Ap
ples are offered sparingly. Blackberries are
firm, owing to reports of shortage of the new
crcp.'" • .
- .
Late mail advices from New York say:
•Peaches are scarce and firm, with a very
good demand for medium grades. Prunes con
tinue in light supply, particularly 40-oOs, which
are held firm at 6%c. Consumptive demand
lor both Prunes and Peaches is unusually ac
tive for this season, as a consequence of the
tfamase to 6mall fruits almost everywhere from
the heat. Oregon Prunes are In very light
?¦upply. there being virtually no 30-40s on the
and very few 5C-€0s. A car of 30-40s to
arrive is offering at «%c. The small supply of
Oregons here is chiefly 46-GOe. held at 5%c.
Raisins are steadier as a result of the situa
tion on* the Coast. The Packers' Association
is said to have made a bid of 3Vic, Coast, for
all the Raisin Growers' Association's holdings
ot 3-crown loose Muscatels, but, according to
the reports here, this offer was turned down.
Seedless Muscatels are lower, large holders
here having reduced the price to 6Uc. Two
cars of bleached Sultanas of the block re
cently eold on the Coast are offering on the
epot from second hands at 8c for choice and
S'-ic for fancy- Future Apricots continue very
cull.
Dried Fruits and Raisins in New
York.
, FLOUR — California Family Extras, : $3 25®
$3 50, .usual terms; -Bakers' Extras. $3 13(5,3 25:
Oregon, $2 50® 2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers',- $2 7 j
fil . - ¦¦' *'-¦• k' ¦.-¦¦-. .. : •' .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as • fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour f3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal,' $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy.
$4(fi4 25; Buckwheat Flour, ?4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat' $3 50; Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 S5®8 35:
in sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstiiffs.
Porter Bros.' Company sales: Peaches — Early
Crawford.- 60@90c box:. Foster, 40@90c ; Decker,
fiOcigJl 10; Susquehanna, 70@80C ¦Plums—Yel
low Kgg, average $1 05; Imperial, average $1 35;
Wickson, 50c@$l 55; Satsuma, 30c@$l 10; Dally,
average $1 20; Purple Duane, average . 95c;
Bradshaw $1 05^1 25; Satsuma, 95c@$l 05; Kel
sey Japan, average $1 30; Columbia. $1 laigl 50;
Victoria, average $1 SO; Magnum Bonum, aver
age 70c. Pear3— Bartlett, $1 80(52 45 box. Prunes
-Cemian, $1 15#1 40. Grapes, Fontalnebleau.
$2 40@2 50.
CHICAGO, July 31.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartlett, 95c@
$2 JO. Peaches— Crawford, 55@70c; Foster, 30®
60c; St. John, average 65c; Decker, 40@00c.
Prunes— German, average $1 95: Tragedy, $1 65
@1 35. • Plums— Yellow Egg. $1 35<B1 50; Sat
suma, average $1 85. Grapes— Fontalnebleau,:
$1 45@1 SO.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Pears— Bartlett,
$2 35@2 60 box. Grapes— Malaga, $1 15@1 85 sin
gle crate; I Malaga Clusters. average $1 95.
Plums— Columbia, average $1 45; Kelsey, $1 10©
1 60; Burbank, 90c@$l 75; Purple Duane, 85c@
$140. • Prunes— German, $1 55@1 SO single crate.
NEW YORK. July 31.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartlett. $1 65
@2 40 box. Peaches — Early . Crawford, . 60@90c
box; Late Crawford, 55@90c; Susquehanna, 45@
Sec; Crawford Cling, 55cig$l 05; r Strawberry
Free, ,65@70c; Decker, 75c(f?$l; St. "John, aver
age 70c; Twin Sister, average $1 15; Brandy
wine, 75@S0c. • Nectarines — Red, 60c@$l. Plums
—Yellow Egg, $1@1 40 single crate; Burbank,
$1 25@1 60; "Eureka, 65@90c; Washington. 75@
85c; SatsumaJ average $1 25; Kelsey Japan, $1 90
<ti\ 95. Grapes — Malaga, . average $2 30 single
crate. -
California Fruit Sales,
Exports of Quicksilver during July, were 428
flasks, valued at $19,275, making the total ex
jxsrts since January L 3603 flasks, valued at
Exports of Quicksilver.
• ¦ ' • ¦ Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat— Sept.. Dec.
Opening ; 5 7 : 6 8V4
Closing.:.. ..5 6% 5 8
. PARIS.
Wheat— July. . Sept. -Dec.
Opening ....22 50 : -22 80
Closing 22 25 22 60 __
Flour—- ¦ " : ¦ .
Opening ..........' 27 55 .. 28 63
Closing ..;.y. 27 60 28 55
WINE— Exports of Wine in July were 606
rases end 201,156 gals, valued at $69,141, making
the total exports since January L 5967 cases
and 13.191.553 eals, valued at $L071.S9S.
BRANDY— Exports of Brandy during the
month were 26 cases and 26SS gals, valued at
$2246. making the total exports since January
1, 116 cases and 19,055 gals, valued at $19,587.
Exports of Wine and Brandy.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14%@20c; dairies,
13@17c. Cheese, firm; 9%@10%c. Eegs, firm;
12%®l3c. ' - ¦¦- . ¦
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams.
13@13%c; Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12; Family, $13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoke* Beef. 13%@14o
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®7%c per lb for
compound and/10%c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
10%c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9Uc: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces. ST-ic per lb.
Dealers are quoting a firm and unchanged
market.
Provisions.
Articles— . . - - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ......'.... 41,000 •¦; 18,000
Wheat, bushels 508,000 227,000
Corn, bushels 235,000 . 98,000
Oats, bushels J436.000 156,000
Rye, bushels 10,000- 12 ; 000
Barley, bushels 2,000 2.000
FORECAST.
The 'pressure has risen slowly over the Pa
cific slope. Conditions are more favorable for
clear weather. Light showers are reported in
Northern Nevada_ and high easterly winds' in
Northern Utah. * ". • " • .
The temperature continues "high throughout
California. Over the northern States there has
been a falj'from the very high temperatures to
more seasonable ones. . • ' '•
Forecast made at San E rancisco for thirty
hours ending midnight August 1:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
light showers In the, mountains, continued
warm weathsr; light northerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy-, Thursday; light
westerly vrinds. • •
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
continued warm weather; fresh westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy unsettled weather Thursday
with occasional showers; , fresh southerly,
changing to westerly winds.
FI/)UR— Experts cf Flour from this port
during the month of July .were 68,257 bbls, val
u«i at S209.S3S. against 78.392 bbls, valued at
iZ'Sl.Zi~, during July, 1900. •
WHEAT— Exports of Wheat during July were
270 842 ctls, valued at $371,175, against 6SS.429
ct!s. valued at $626,982, In July. 1900.
BARLEY— Exports of Barely during the
mccih were 29,S>59 ctls, valued at J27.1S0. against
EC62 ctls, valued at $2070, during July, 1900.
Exports of Flour and Grain.
Cash quotations were. as follows: Flour, firm:
No. 3 spring, wheat, 67%(g6Sc> No. 2 red, 68%@
68%c; No. 2 Corn, 54©54%c;No. 2 yellow. 54%c;
No. 2 oats, 34%@35c; No. 2 .white, "35%@36c;
No. 3 white," 35%@37%c; No. 2 rye,'.65%@56c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 83; prime timothy seed. %o 2o;
mess pork, per bbl, $14@14 05; lard, per 100
lbs, $8 65@8 67,%^ short ribs .sides (loose), '$7 85
@8;' dry -salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), .J8 30@8 '40; whisky,,
basis of high wines, • $129; clover, . contract
grade, $ 10® 10 25. . .: . ... --. " '.
The local bank clearings during the past
jnonth were $101,380,455, against $S5,052,682 in
July. lbCfl. Since January 1, these clearings
amount to £649,4SS.S47. against J567.141.121 dur
ing the same i>eriod last year.
Bank Clearings.
The coinage at the local branch mint during
the month of July was as follows: Eagles.
J2.123.000: half -eagles, $2,105,000, making a total
or J4.2X5.0O0. In July, 1900. the coinage amount
ed to J6.CS0.8T7.
Mint Coinage.
The Custom-hou*e receipts of duties on im
ports at this port during the month of July
were JGS7.027, making the total receipts since
January L J4.002.215.
Customs Duties.
Baker 29.96 82 "66 NW CToudy- 0
Carson 29.92 86 70 W Pt Cldy 0
Eureka ."...30.06 60 62 W Cloudy ''0
Fresno 29.82 106.76 W ..Clear •.'. 0
Flagstaff 30.06 78 60 SW Pt Cldy T.
Pocatello. Idaho.. 29. 74 100 70 W Clear 0
Independence ....29.78.92 62 SW Pt Cldy 0
Los Angeles ......29.94 ' 84 64 W Cloudy . H)
Phoenix 29.76 106 SO N Cloudy 0
Portland 30.10 76 54 NW Clear >. 0«
Red Bluff 29.88 102 78 SE Pt Cldy 0 .
Roseburg 30.04 84-60 N ¦ Cloudy T.
Sacramento 29.86 100 CO NW Clear 0
Salt Lake 29.80 100 70 SE Pt Cldy '0
San Francisco.. ..29. 96 74 66 W Clear . 0
San Luis Oblspo.30.00 90 60. W Clear ' 0
San Diego ..29.90.74 66 NW Cloudy- T.
Seattle 30.18 74 54 NW Clear ¦ 0-
Spokane ....'. 30.00 80 54 S Cloudy ; T.
Neah Bay 30.22 62 54 W .Clear \ .0
\\ r alla \% T alla 30.00 84 • 72 S • Cloudy 0
Wlnnemucca 29.80 94 72 SE " Cloudy" T.
Yuma 29.78 102 78 SW Clear \0
Temperature at 7 a. m., 60 degrees, • v .-
WEATHER CONDITIONS 'AND GENERAL
Articles— Open.' High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . . , ,
July 67% 67% 07% 67%
September .» 69 69 .. 68% . 68%
December.. " 70% ' 71 '. .70% 70%
. Corn No. 2— ' *
July ;.... -54% . -64% .53% 64%
September" .......... \ 65% ~. . 65% • ' 54% ji 66%
Decemttr 57 57% 66% -67%
Oats No. r 2 — • " .¦ .• v ¦
July 34% . 35% 33% 84 '
September ....¦;34% ; 34% v> 33% 34%
May..... : 37% ' 37% . 36% . 87
- Mess Pork, per bbl — ¦ . ~ •"-
September ..". 14 25 ¦ 14 25 ; 14 07% 14 07%
January ........... 14 SO "• 14 87% 14 70 14 80
Lard, per 100 lbs— <.' . ¦ - ¦
September ......'...: 8 70 ' 8 70' 8 63 ,8 67%
October ..:......:.: 8 72% '8 75- 8 72% 8 7o
January. :... 8 62% ' 8 75 % 8 67% 8 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — ¦.
September .......... 7 90 7 92% 7 87% 7 90 .
October .'..... ....... 7 95 ' 7 97% 7 90 7 92%
January .......^.... 7 75 7 77% "7 67% 7 75
- .'¦¦. :,•¦ ;'¦ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales. •¦.-'.¦
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000
ctls, 70%c; 2C00, 70%c;.6000, 71c. )'; .,
Afternoon Session— No sales. , .'.¦•.
OATS — The Chicago 'market . : was ' firmer.
Prices are above the Chicago parity all over
the West. The quality of the new crop is su
perior to that of last year, but the crop itself
is probably smaller. ¦'.¦ "• ." ; : ' .
The San Francisco market continues dull and
unchanged at 95c@$l 02% for Black and 97%c@
$1 15 per ctl for Red. •• . • ' : . -..¦'¦¦
CORN— Chicago reported coarse grains firm,
with the country buying and prices all over the
West above the parity of Chicago. The general
sentiment Is that the rains were too late to
make over a 1.500.000.000-bushel crop. - Interior
dealers are canceling sales made on the rain
and are now hedging. News from the belt does
not show the improvement to the crop expect
ed, and east of the Mississippi the condition
of the croD is still critical. ' •' " - -
This market continues neglected and . un
changed. Small round Yellow, $1 75: Eastern
Yellow, n"60@l 62%; White. $1 70@l 75 per ctl;
mixed, nominal. ' •'. '.
RYE— 72%@77%c per ctl. •• ¦.¦,.¦ •
BUCKWHEAT— None in first "hands. • ; v
• Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
6000 ctls. ' $1 01%. .
. Second .' Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
• Afternoon ¦ Session— December— 24,000 ctls,
$1 01%.
• BARLEY— There is nothing new to report.
Trade is very dull.'
Feed,: 73% c for ¦ choice bright. 71%@72%c for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. '75@82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.*
WHEAT— Paris and \Llverpool ¦ futures .were
higher. . . . : . ' . ; • .'
Chicago opened dull and'easy. with favorable
weather and; cables unresponsive. There was
Increasing activity all around. • Good reports
were received from • Northern Minnesota. , St.
Louis reported free purchases of wheat anrt
corn. ' ¦ ¦ .
-This market was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97%c; milling, $1®
1 02% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days....... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, Bight.........."— 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight... — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 10
Silver,, per ounce •• — . M $
Mexican Dollars, ¦nominal.'....... 47 .© 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
Peaches and Prunes are In brisk demand In
New Tork on account of the damage to fruit*
by the recent hot weather," as will oe seen
in the first column. It looks j more and more
as If we would have an unusually good dried
fruit market this fall, owing to the general
shortage all over the United States. Late dis
patches from New York say of dried Apples:
"Trading in the market for evaporated apples
¦was on a moderately active scale, with de
mand from domegtic sources of an urgent char
acter. As a consequence, prices took a higher
level and sentiment was bulllshly Inclined."
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@10c for new Royals and
7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
new Evaporated Apples, 5@7c; new Peaches,
6c for future delivery; Pears, 4@8c; Plums,
pitted, 3@5c; unpitted. %@l%c; Nectarines. 4
@4%c for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes: 40-50s. 6%c; 50-6Os. 4%c;
60-703. 3%c; 70-SOs. 3%c; 80-90s. 2%c: 90-lOOs. VAc;
100-120S, 1%C. .
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice. He;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, 10%c per lb;
choice 9%c; standard, 8%c;" prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown. 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices). »Ue; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown. $1 50 per box ; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Delresa, $2 50; Impe
rials, $3. All prices f. o.* b. at common ship
ping points In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c; No.
2. 8@8%c: No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; No. 2. 6%@
7%c; Almonds. 13@14c for paper-shell. 10@llo for
softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c: Filberts,
12@12Uc: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 11012c for bright and 9®10c
for light amber: water white extracted. 5%@6c;
light amber extracted. 4%®5c; dark. 3%@4%c
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb. ,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
LOCAL MARKETS.
LONDON, . July 3L-Consols, 93 7-16; . silver,
26 15-16d; French rentes,- 101f ; 12c; cargoes on
passage, firmer tendency; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 29s 7%d; English country mar
kets, partially cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, July 31.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 6%d; French country
markets, easy. . • -
_' COTTON— Uplands. 4 13-32*1.
Foreign Markets.
Exchange and Silver undisturbed.
Wheat and Barley about the same.
Oats and Corn rising ag ain in, the West.
Hay and Feedstuff's unchanged.
Eastern demand for large white Beans springing up. \
Potatoes firm and in demand for shipment.
No particular change in Onions and Vegetables. • .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Poultry doing rather better. . . < •
Venison and Dove season opens to-day. : / - :-
Dried Apples, Peaches and Prunes 'in demand in New, York<
Local fresh Fruit market about the same. . ,- . „ •
Provisions quiet and unchanged. ( ; .'•'¦ . j-
Local Stocks and Bonds dull." !. 1 ' •..•¦.'/¦.!
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., July ' 31-^Clearlngs, $333,
700; balances, $83,320. . ; '
434,000 Shares sold. ...... . :
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 107% N Y C lsts 104?4
Do coupon 107% N J C gen 5s.. 129
Do 3s reg 108*4 N Pacific 3s.. 72%
Do 3s coup.. 109 Do 4s ..1C4V4
Do new 4s reg:...:l37 N Y C & St L 48..107U
Do new 4s coup.. 138 N & W con 4s...... 101%
Do old 4s reg 113 Or Kav lsts... 107U
Do old 4s coup... 113 Do. 4s... 102
Do 5s reg 107% Or Short Line 6s.. 129
Do 5s coupon 109 Do con 5s 116V>
Dlst of Col 3.65s. ..124 Reading gen 4s 95%
Atchison gen 4s. ..103% R G.W lsts..'. 100%
Do adj 4s......... 86 St L"& I M con 53.116%
Canada So 2ds 109% St L & S F gen 6s.l30
Ches & O 4%s 107% St Paul cons .173
Do 5s 121 St P C & P lsts. ..120.
Chi & N con 7s 137V4 Do -5s 117
Do S F deb 5s. ..122 S Pacific 4s 92
Chicago Term 4s.. 94H S Railway 5s. .".... 115%
Colorado So 4s 89 ¦ Stand R & T 6s... 64
D & R G 4s... 101% Tex& Pac lsts....HS%
Erie gen 4s 86% Do 2ds...... .103
F W & D C lsts. ..104 U Pacific 4s... .104U
Gen Electric £s 20O Wabash lsts ..118%
Iowa Cent Ists....ll5>,£ Do 2ds 112
L & N uni 4s.... ;.1O2 Wis Cent lsts SS%
M K & T2ds. ...'..: 84% Va Cerituries....... 73%
Do 4s 97 I
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con : 15 j Little Chief......"... 12
Alice .;...... 45 Ontario 8 75
Breece 1 45 Ophir ................ 65
Brunswick Con..... 12 Phoenix ......; OS
Comstock- Tunnel 6% Potosi '.*:... ......... 05
Con Cal & Va..,....2 05 Savage ....06
Deadwcod Terra..... 50 Sierra Nevada...... 15
Horn Silver.. .."-'..'...I 80 Small Hopes.;....... 50-
Iron Silver........... 57 Standard ..3 00
Leadville Con.-. 06 . . » .-•'...
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS! .. t
Money— '¦ "West End.. ..... 9511
Call loans. ...:..,. .4@4% Westinghse Elec... 70
Time loans. ..;,.. ..4@4% Bonds— .•
Stocks— . N E Gas & C 5s... £4%
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 72% Mining Shares-
Do prefd ....94% Adventure 24%
American Sugar.. . 141% Bingham 20%
Amer Telephone.. ..160 Amalg Copper 113
Boston & Albany.. 257 Atlantic 35
Boston & Maine... 192 Calumet & Hecla..75O
Dominion Coal...... 38% Centennial 27
Do prefd..... .....116 Franklin 17%
U S Steel. ....•.."•• *W* Humboldt 25
Do prefd.......... 91 Osceola 93%
Fitchburg prefd. ..144 Parrot 50%
Do ' prefd 91 Quincy 170
General Electric... 252 Santa Fe Copper.:. 6 .
Mexican Central... 23 Tamarack .........341
NE Gas & Coke... 6 Utah Mining........ ?•>
Old Colony. .'.208 Winona, ............ 2%
Old Dominion 30 Wolverines ........ 6u
Union Pacific, 98% . •,
1,000 Louisvllle'& Nashville ...;:.. .102 !
200 Manhattan L 117%
600 Metropolitan Street Railway lG7Vi
700 Mexican Central 23U
100 Mexican National 9
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 106%
8,800 Missouri Pacific 97%
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 26%
CCO Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 53%
New Jersey Central .... '. 158
1,300 New Tork Central 150U
2.800 Norfolk & Western .....: 62%
100 Norfolk & Western prefd-..'. 89%
4,300 Ontario & Western ............: 32%
6,300 Pennsylvania ....144V5
P C C & St Louis.... ....79
4,500 Reading 41
600 Reading 1st prefd : 76%
1,800 Reading 2d prefd 62%
300 St Louis & San Fran 40%
' St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd.... 76
" 1.100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67 ¦
St Louis Southwestern ...."» 29
St Louis Southwestern prefd ;.. 61%
9,100 St Paul 159%
St Paul prefd ............181
22.000 Southern Pacinc '. 55%
.3,500 Southern Railway .'...-29%
4,500 Southern Railway prefd 84
. 900 Texas & Pacific .....'. :.......... 40%
200 Toledo, St Louis & West 20%
Toledo, St Louis & West prefd S3%
27,900 Union Pacific 98%
. 900 Union Pacific prefd ;..... 88%
1,800 Wabash ;. ....21
• 6,600 Wabash prefd ...............;... 39 '
.' Wheeling & Lake Erie :.: 13
i Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29
400 c "Wisconsin Central .' 20%
100 Wisconsin Central prefd 42. .
Express companies— \ . .. , , ;
Adams °. ...170
....:.. American 1.190 .
' . 100 United States ."... .-. 85
" Wells-FJu-go .'. i, .....1*0
£ Miscellaneous— . . "' "••'¦ > .
7,'40O Amalgamated- Copper, •*.... 113
1.500 "American Car & Foundry 29
200 American Car & Foundry prefd..... 83%
200 American Linseed Oil .-..•; 25
........ American Linseed Oil prefd.;...;.... 60%
• 2,000 American Smelting & Refln °. 52-ft
1,300 American Smelting &, Refln prefd.. 100
v! 400 American Tobacco ..../.....'....-. ....133%
.. 100 Anaconda Mining .Co : 44
800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73%
300 Colorado Fuel &Iron 97»,i
- 700 • Consolidated Gas ..':.:...'. 218%
800 Continental Tobacco .....T '..... 68%
• 100 Continental Tobacco prefd -.-¦.... ..•..116
General Electric ....* '...' 2oO •
100 Glucose Sugar »\ b5*l
100 Hocking Coal •...•19%
500 International Paper 20%
100 International Paper, prefd ."..75
600 'International Power 93
100 Laclede Gas 95'
100 National Biscuit 42
200 National Lead ; 19%
200 National Salt 39%
National Salt prefd 74
North American 99%
...;... Pacific Coast 65
200 Pacific Mail 39
100 People's Gas 114
800 Pressed Steel Car 42.%
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
Pullman Palace Car... 207
800 Republic Steel 19%
500 Republic Steel prefd 74'/i
3,800 Sugar 14114
1.200 Tennessee Coal & Iron 61%
Union Bag & Paper Company 15%
Union Bag & Paper Co' prefd 70>4
200 United States Leather 12%
300 Unltod States Leather prefd .78%
100 United States Rubber 19Vi
United States Rubber prefd: 56%
115.S00 United States Steel 429g
70.200 United States Steel prefd 90%
1,400 Western Union .....' .*. 81>s
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WEDNESDAT, July M— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
«s quar coup.. .113 U3VJM3 qr cp (new).138 135
4s quar reg. ...113 113H'3a quar coup\.109 110V4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C os.106 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO2iilOS
Cal-st 6s 116 — Omnibus C 6a.l27 —
C C Water 5s.l07H108^ Pao G Imp 49. — MO
Ed L & P 6s..l28H133ii Pk & C H 6s..lO« —
Fer *CTR «s.U7^i — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 5s ..„ — — Powll-st R 8S..12O —
HO & s 5%s.lO6tf — Sac E G R 5a. — —
, Do 5s — 10% 8 F & SJV 53.120% —
Los An* R 5S.115H — Sierra Cal «s.. — 110
LA Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 8s
Do rntd 6s. .100 — <1909> 112 •— .',' :
Do mtd 6S..103 — (1910).... 113 — .
L A & Pao 6s.l01 10T S J» of C 8s
Do 1 c m 5s..lO2«i — (1905), Ser A. — 10914
Mkt-st Cab 8s.l25>4 — <1905). Ser B.110 —
c m 6s.l23?4124% <1906> 112*4114
Nev C N O 78.105 114 (1912) 120^ —
Nor R Cal to.111% - 8 P of Cal 1st
»r Do i s "AT - cgntd6s 107 -
Nor Pao C to.lOOH — S P Br Cal Bs.138 —
.Do Ea 105X106% S V Water 6s.. 114 —
Nor K Cal 5s. 110 113 Do 4a — 104
Oak Gas 5a. ...112^4 — Do 4s 3d mtg.101 101*4
Do Trana «s.n7%119 Stktn Gas 6s.. - -
Do W|^r 63.102 102%
s WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 76% — I Spring Valley. 85% —
Maria County.. 50 — J
¦ OA3 AND ELECTRIC.
'Cent LAP... 4 »5 Pao Light .... 45 47%
Equitable 4% _ Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4*4 — S F O & E... 43H 43«4
Oakland 80% 51 San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pao Gaa Imp. 43 — Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE, i
Plrem'« Fund. — 247 f
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 81 L P * A 151 —
California ....404 408 Mer Ex (llq).. 18 - j
Cal Eafa Dep..lO7H — 8 F Natlonal..l25 130
First Nat S F.305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — mo s a v & Loan...
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav.... 60 — Union Trust.. 1800 —
San Francisco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 |O S L & H 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio 35}5 —
Market 73* 74tfl
POWDER.
Giant 78 76%|Vlgorlt S ZM.
SUGAR.
gana; «tf 1 Kllauea 18% 16%
Hawaiian 43 — Makawell 30 —
Honokaa 15% 16 Onomea 21 —
Hutchlnson ... 16% — Paauhau ...... 20%
MISCELLA-NEOTJS.
Alaska Pack.. 130 — Oceanic S Co.. 45 60
Cal Fruit Can. 96 93% Pao Aux F A- 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99% — Pao C Borax..l63 —
Mercants' Ex.. 110 — Par Paint IS —
Morning Session.
Board —
35 Contra Costa Water 76 53
' 200 Hana Plantation Co 6 60
250 Hana Plantation Co S 3714
60 Honokaa S Co 15 75
63 Hutchlnson S P Co 18 00
65 Market Street Railway 74 00
20 Paauhau S P Co 20 73
Street
$14,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. .113 30
1 100 Market Street Railway ?4 0O
|2C00 S P Of A bonds (1909) 112 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— . : •
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 130 50
90 Contra Costa. Water 78 30
10O Equitable Gaa 5 00
$15,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per ct bds.119 00
$1000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 106 00
268 Presidio R R 35 M
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 73
$28,000 S P of A bonds (1909) 112 0O
$8000 S V 4 per cent bonds <2d mortgage). 103 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Central Point Con 1 60
250 Home 2 10
lOOHome (s 90) ; 3 10
100 Monarch of Arizona 23
100 Oil City Petroleum K
25 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 7 30
1000 West Lake OS
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Local stocks conttaTied dull on th« mornlngr
sessions, and prices showed no changes worthy
of note.
Business continued quiet and featureless In
the afternoon-
TACOMA1. July 31.— WHEAT— A half cent
raise on blue stem was the only change in
wheat to-day. Club, 66c; blue stem, 67%c. ,
WASHINGTON.
. Cleared— Steamer Indaravelll with 5000 bar
rels of flour and miscellaneous cargo for Hong
kong. " ." ; .. '
V PORTLAND,"' July 31. — WHEAT— Steady;
Walla Walla, 55@56c Total, wheat shipments
from Portland for July were 474,818 bushels.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
STOCK MARKET.
Be lower.'.. Licht and light mixed. ¦ $5 40®6 82%;
medium and heavy, $5 E7*6@6 02%; pigs. $2 75<g>
4 65; bulk nf sales, $5 67%@5 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1382. , Active and steady.
APPLES— 85c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40@75c for ordinary. ' - - ¦ •
APRICOTS— 25@4Oc per box. 60@65o per grate;
In bulk, $10@15 per ton for smail and ?20@25 for
CRABAPPLES— 40c@$l per box, according to
PLUMS— 25@75c per box and 40@60o per bas
ket: Prunes, 65@85o per crate and 80c per bas
ket; Green Gages, $15@17 50 per ton; Egg
Plums, nominal. . _
PEACHES— 40@75c per box and 2o@60o per
basket and $20@25 per ton for Frees and $30@
40 for Clings. ¦
NECTARINES— White, 40@o0c per box; Red,
50@65c. ...
PEARS-Bartlette, $1 per box for No. 1. 40®
75c for No. J and $30@40 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $3®4 per chest for Long
worths and $3 E0<g!4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per -chest.
LOGAN BERRIES-J4®6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per lb.
FIGS Black. per box for single ana
$1@1 25 for double layers; White, — — .
MELONS— Nutmegs, 65c@|l per box; Can
taloupes, 75c@*l 25 per half crato and $1@2 per
large crate; Watermelons, 10@25c apiece.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau, $1 25 per box; To
kay, $1 per crate; Muscats. $1@1 25; Seedless,
; Black, 75c@$l 25.
CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets,
Valenclas and St. Michaels, $103 60; Lemons.
$1@3 for common and $2 50@3 60 lor good to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l BO: Mexican Limes.
$5 6O@6; Bananas, 75c@$15O-per huuen; Pine
apples, $1 60@2 SO per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
changed In bulk. Peaches and Plums continue
firm. Figs are very scarce, and In fact, there
are practically none coming In. ' Supplies of
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are getting too lib
eral. Grapes are still in light supply.
Berries are coming In soft, as ; many that
were held back im the country on account of
the strike are now arriving.
steady. No quotable change ,waa ; apparent.
State, common to good, 4%@7c; prime, 7@7 Vic;
choice, 7%@8c;' fancy,- 8@8%c. •
California dried ¦ fruits slightly -firmer.
Prunes, 3V4@7c. : . Apricots— Royal, 8te@13c;
Mcorpark, 8@12c. Peaches— Peeled, 11<3>18c; un
peeled, 6@9%c. . - :
Chicago.' Grain Market.
CHICAGO, i July 31.— An advance ;- at New
York steadied the wheat • market at the . start.
September . opened , %@%o, higher at 68%®69c.
Liquidation, chiefly for the local -account, a
fair ' amount of short selling, thought to bo
for the Northwest Interests, and - the general
lack of Interest In the trade caused an early,
decline- to 6S 1 /ic. The remainder of the session
the market ruled dull but steady around 68M;C.
Toward the close 68%c was paid for a email'
lot. but the close : waa easy H@94<= lower at
6S%c> The steadiness following the opening
was due to the corn strength and to export
sales reported by the seaboard at forty loads.
The market . for , corn was a nervous affair,
owing to the fact that the experts were ! not
quite ready to hazard guesses as to the benefit
to the crop of -recent rains. ,: Liquidation fol
lowing the opening caused a' momentary feel
ing of weakness, but the nervousness of shorts
and 'an • advance '. at . Liverpool led to covering
which held prices firmly the remainder of the
se&slon. September closed VAo over yesterday
at 65V5@56%C : •-..¦ ¦: . - ¦¦¦».¦ , ¦
There was only a small scalping market for
oats in. the absence of country trading, which
for some time has been the feature. Septem
ber closed %o higher at 34<8>34ttc. - '-
Provisions were dull and irregular, owing to
selling of pork, while there waa ¦ but little
pressure on lard and ribs, although the feeling
.was - bearish I because of heavy hog receipts.
September -pork' closed . 25c lower, lard un
changed and ribs 2%@6c down. i-^ •, •
•'• The leading futures ranged as follows: . ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; AUGUST 1, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
8NEW/TORK SUCCESS THAT
.WILL. BE GIVEN AT THE CO
, LUMBIA. ¦ '
"France nas: 300,000. tuberculous subjects.
i Our 'metallic r products this year are
valued it $527.218.084. ; : ; \ '¦" ', .
COMA1CH— In this city, July '31, 1901, John
Comaich. a native of Austria, aged 20 years
and-4 months. - ' -: '. ¦ ¦¦•
ET The remains are at the narlors of Va
- lente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street. , .
DIED.
. The sale of , the property at the ; north-'
west corner of Geary and Powell streets
to the . Crocker ¦ Hotel : Company .was i ap
proved ' by Judge Dunne ¦ yesterday morn
ing. The lot. belonged to Charles Temple
ton Crocker and Jennie Adeline Crocker,
children of the late Colonel Charles F.
Crocker. • ' The price paid by the hotel
comoanv was $366,997 28. ,¦ ' -
' Sale of Crocker, Property.
" Timothy " J. ' FlyniT, of •} Oakland,* .' aged - 8S,' to
marry j Marie 5 H. Kays . of .' Oakland, aged ! 23 ;.
Edwin T. Gorie of Oakland, aged 1 23, to marry
Florence ' A: Howell of ¦; Oakland, aired ;i21:
Lewis * Warner ' of San > Francisco, - a*ed 35. > to
marry Evelyn Hartman of San Francisco, aged
27; Harold I* Slater < of <¦ San Francisco, ¦: aged
23, to marry | Mollie Boyson of San Francisco,
aged' 21: . Joseph Rust ; of San ' Francisco, I aged
23. to marry , Betsy : B.-' Reynolds ' of Oakland,
OAKLAND, .July, j 31.— The following
named procured . marriage* licenses at ; the
County Clerk's* offlce to-day: 7 ,;- ••'" ••¦¦•"•¦
Licensed to Wed. ,
Choice of three old-established stage
routes, with largest and best equipment.
Big tree groves en route. ; Rates low as
any. with or • without hotel • or camp : ac
commodations en route and in valley. Full
information and literature-; 613 Market
etreet and Mechanics' Pavilion. s
Are via the Southern , Pacific.
Best Routes to the "•, Yosemite Valley
;• "We start . our first ;; year , with every
prospect of- success. • -The . salmon run is
enormous. o I : estimate' the '.salmon '< pack
of - the world ' at - 3,600,000 - cases. , of which
our company- will put : up , about . 1,500,000.".
• ; There Is little to, do here to consummate
the deal except to pay. the owners of the
plants which have voted .to .-go Vint the
amount s of- cash r and ; stock . each is to : re
ceive. ' The < titles have been ; passed upon
and .there appears to be : no legal im
pediment to the deal: , R: Onffroy will be
secretary, of thecompany.and E.E. Ains
worth of. J Seattle -general manager.
Onffroy "said :',:'¦: . ¦." ¦•¦:.¦, , ''., . -, .
.^.PORTLAND, Or.',' July 31.— Over $5,000,
000 will be distributed j by Portland banks
in the next eight days In closing the deal
by which the Pacific Packing and Navi
gation Company .secures control of twen
ty-six salmon canneries, on Puget Sound
and in Alaska.Mr. Onffroy, who has suc
ceeded : in ; organizing the trust after ¦ four
efforts, arrived here to-day.'-His-associ
ates, .Wlndell P. Rice,' Thomas 1 B.: Mc-
Go vern 1 : and Joseph . S. ; Auerbach : of New
York,-:-. and Judge Thomas '. A., Moran of
Chicago, :• are expected • to , arrive to-mor
row. .•!¦-¦..,-..¦¦£/-"-;.*¦"' ¦:¦,-.':- \ ,--..'¦.•.¦_ -*>Tr-;..' ...::"¦*
ing the Deal.
Portland Banks Will Distribute Five
:-*¦'• Million Dollars in Clos^
GREAT SALMON TRUST
PREPARING FOR BUSINESS
The Supreme Court in bank decided yes
terday • that proceedings for divorce may
be carried •. on even though alimony or
dered by the court may be unpaid. The
practice of Judges heretofore has-been to
refuse to permit a continuation, of pro
ceedings when the party directed to pay
th« alimony, was delinquent.
- The case was instituted by J. /W;. E."
Allen, who claimed. ihat his marriage was
fraudulent. He was ordered to pay costs
and $20 a month. He failed to pay the ali
mony and was cited for contempt. It /was
shown In the Superior Court that he iwas
unable to make payment and the case
was dismissed. An appeal ." was taken.
The only provision made by the Supreme
Court is that the defendant must furnish
enough money for counsel fees for the de
fense. ¦ . . ¦ v •" . . ¦ . ¦¦
tion of Proceedings When Ali
mony Is Unpaid.
Supreme Court Authorizes Continua-
NEW INTERPRETATION •
GIVEN TO DIVORCE LAW
LONDON. July 3L— "I am informed on
good authority," says the Brussels corre
spondent of the Daily Mall, "that Mr.
Kruger's visit to the United States has
been absolutely decided upon. It prob
ably will take place about the middle of
September, and he will be accompanied
by Fischer. Wessels and Wolmarans."
Kruger to Visit United States.
BERLIN, July 31. — Dr. Bosse, th© formes
Prussian Minister of Public Instruction,
who had been ill for some time p.ast, died
here to-day.
Dr. Bosse.
The evening was > pleasantly , spent i In
conversation and a - supper concluded the
entertainment. 'An assurance was ob
tained from the Swami v to give a lecture
on his return, to the city after visiting the
Yosemite Valley. The honored guest
told of 1 his work in expounding the most
ancient system of . philosophy in India, '•
Mrs: A. S. 'Wollberg, Mrs. C. F. Peterson.
Mrs. Dr., Plum ~ of Oakland. Miss I. Rose
krans, Mrs. Hood and Miss Beckham. .
Some sixty guests in all were present
at; the reception, which was of an -in
formal character. Dr. Logan, "president ;
C.'F. Peterson, vice president, and A. S.
Wollberg, secretary of . the Vedanta So
ciety, were assisted in receiving the guests
by a reception committee consisting of
the following, named ladles: ,
A reception was given last night to
Swami Abhedananda I by the Vedanta So
ciety at the residence of Dr. M. - Logan,
770 Oak street. The Swami Is an eminent
philosopher of Calcutta, India, and is at
present stationed at New York, where- he
has engaged in /disseminating the doc
trines of the . ' 'Vedanta philosophy." .'He
is making a tour of the coast and the
Vedanta Society of this city arranged to
have him meet some fifty pupils of a class
organized to study the teachings of j the
vedanta:
Now that the time has been extended
for thirty days, it Is supposed that the
bars will be opened indefinitely. The liquor
men of this city took the matter up in
real earnest recently, and notified the rail
road company that should the saloons be
closed on the Southern Pacific's boats thsy
would transfer all their freight business
to the Santa Fe road. ~ ¦¦;_;,
The saloons on the ferry-boats will not
be closed— at least the time was extended
yesterday by President Hays for th'rty
days. This is a victory for the liquor men,
who have been fighting tooth and nail to
get President Hayo to reconsider his or
der abolishing the sale of liquor on the
ferry-boats and steamers.'
Shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon, H. Flannery, who owns the privilege
of selling liquor on a number of the Oak
land ferry-boats, was notified that his
time had been extended thirty, days.' It is
presumed that Influence was brought to
bear on President Hays, and that he noti
fied Manager Kruttschnitt that he had re
considered the order. .
Judge Conlan ' took \the matter I of issu
ing the warrant under advisement, prom
ising to announce, his decision this morn
ing at:ll o'clock. -¦¦.-•¦• \ ,-:
"It was this^way,", explained- Lewis.
"Miss Logan loaned me the ring and one
evening 'after I had worn it for several
months I invited her to go with me . to
the theater. ' I wore the ring that even
ing in rriy; scarf and it got turned around.'
Miss Logan adjusted it for me, and I said
to her. 'It's pretty near time you gave
me that ring, isn't it?' Thereupon she
answered: : 'You can have it." I never in
tended to take it back from you.' ",
When Miss Logan spoke In this gener
ous fashion, Lewis .claims he < answered,
"That is awfully gopd'of you, little girl "
and then as a return gift he says he sent
her 4000 oil shares. If Miss Logan will
return the oil shares to Mr. Lewis, Mr.
Lewis declares he will give her back h»r
ring. ¦'.',;: -¦ ' \-: ¦:¦'-¦¦:¦> ¦ .•-•• .- ¦',- •-¦¦-,.
According .to : Miss .Logan's -version of
the ring story, she simply loaned Lewis
the ring at' his /urgent; request, so he
might wear- It to go to an out of town
banquet. .;•¦ '.-¦•¦:-. .-»/ '.- ¦ , .. ¦ ri
- "I never grave it to him," she said "and
as for that oil stock, 1 will not return it.
I shall keep it as a recompense for some
of '. the money; my; mother :: lost through
him." ¦ ¦<¦.. >• "". . ¦ ¦¦: . - '..-" •¦¦., :¦'" -',... - . ..• .: ...
As for the ring, Lewis claims Miss Lo
gan loaned it to him for a period of sev
eral" months and. then gave It to him, he
in return giving her 4000 shares of oil stock
valued at 5 cents per share. ' |
According to Lewis' story, instead of
him having any property or security that
belongs to Mrs. ; Waldron the lady is In
debt to him to the amount of several hun
dred; dollars,' $200 of which he claims he
advanced to her, the balance being money
due him for services rendered. , ;
Mrs. Waldron and her pretty young
daughter. Miss Alda Logan, went before
Judge Conlan yesterday to /swear out a
warrant for the arrest of Paul Redfleld
Lewis, an oil broker, on a charge of em
bezzlement. -Mrs.. Waldron' claims that
Lewis has got away with about $1500 be
longing to her and considerable oil stock
that is her rightful property. Miss Logan
demands the return of a valuable opal
and diamond ring that she claims she
loaned to Lewis. _ .
Miss Aida Logan Seeks
to Have Broker Lewis"
Arrested. 7
Members of Vedanta
Society Greet S wami ;
Abhedananda;
Philadelphia IS 11 5
Batteries— Winters, Lewis and Criger; Fraser
and Smith.
Batteries— Griffith and Sullivan; Miller and
Buelow.
BALTIMORE, July 31.— Baltimore fell on
Patton in the eighth, clinching a game that
up to that time had been a hard-fought pitch
ers' battle. Foreman had the game well in
hand throughout. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 6 13 vvi'
Washington 2 6 0
Batteries — Foreman and Bresnahan; Patton
and Clarke.
PHILADELPHIA, July 2L— The game to-day
•which was won by Philadelphia, was marked
by hard hitting and wretched fielding. Lewis
relieved Winters In the eighth- Attendance,
SXWr. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E,
Boston 10 12 6
CHICAGO, July 31.— To-day's game was a
pitchers' battle between Miller and Griffith,
but was well played, close and ercitfng from
start to finiEh. Attendance. 2600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 2 6 2
Detroit 0 5 o
AMERICAX LEAGUE.
President Hays Grants
Extension of Thirty
Days.
HOMAGE IS PAID
TO PHILOSOPHER
WANTS THE RING
SHE LOANED HIM
FERRYBOAT BARS
WILL NOT CLOSE
CHICAGO. July a.— Tho Chicago and
Baltimore passenger train from the east,
which was due to arrive in the Grand
Central station, Chicago, at 9 o'clock to
night, was held up by five masked men at
8 o'clock to-night between Edgemere and
Grand Calumet Heights, Ind., thlrty-ona
miles out from Chicago. One of the mail
cars, which contained no money, waa
dynamited and wrecked. The attempt as
robbery waa made after the two mall cars
had been detached from the train and run
a quarter of a mile ahead. The failure
of the robbers to make a rich haul was)
due to the fact that the express car.
which contained the train's treasure, was
in an unusual place. It was the third
car in the train. After wrecking tho :¦
mail car and obtaining no booty the men
disappeared In the darkness without at
tempting to rectify their mistake. Tha
only loot that they carried away with,
them as a result of their adventure waa
the gold watch of the engineer.
The train was the New York and Wash
ington vestibule limited. Most of the*
trainmen were shot at and had narrow
escapes from the bullets. No person waa
injured either by the dynamite or fire
arms. The place where the robbery oc»
curred -is a lonely district where houses
are few and far between.
"Fourth race,' four and a half furlongs— Julia
Jenkins won, Approved second, Heroiade third.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth. selling-
Frangible won. Laureate second. Knight Ban
„„«. third. Time, 1:E8.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Bonnie Llssak
won, Harry Preston second. Anchor third.
Time. 1M3U.' . '¦ -
CHICAGO. July 3L— Hawthorne results:
First race, five furlongs— Ishtar won, Jane
Oaker second. Queen W third. Time. 1:03%.
Second race, six and a half furlongs— Maggie
Davis won, Andes second. The Pride third.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling— Whltfleld
won. Elmer L second. Monos third. Time,
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Stamp won,
Tempse second. Remark third. Time, .1:16%.
Third race, one mile and a quarter, selling-
Pacemaker won. Enghurst second, Hinsdale
third. Time, 2:12. • .
Fourth race, five furlongs— Dunsboro won,
Newtoa W second. Louis Wagner third. Time,
1:03%. - . •
Fifth race, one mile — Ethel Wheat won,
Charlie O'Brien second, San Andres third.
Time. 1:43.
Birth race, eix furlongs— Cormorant won. Sis
ter Kate second. Prima II third. Time, 1:16%.
BUTTE, July 31.— Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Tyranus
won. Estado second. Pirate Maid third. Time,
1:09. ,
Second race, mile and a sixteenth— Kenova
won, Slsquoc second. Spindle third. Time,
1:48%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Sea
Queen won. Sir Dougall second, Midlove third.
Time. 1:08%.
Fourth ' race, five ? furlongs — Commuter won.
Limb of the Law second, Phil Brensen third.
Time, 1:04. ¦ • -
Fifth race, three furlongs— HoneBt John won,
Pat Tucker second. Nettie B third. Time,
:34%. •-.; . r
BUFFALO, July 31. — Fort Erie summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs— Magentye
won. Badge Bell second, Margaret Steele third.
Time, 1:23%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Gar
land won. Artificial second, Happy May third.
Time, :57. - . • •
Third race, • one mile— Obstinate " Simon won.
Prince of Song second, Algie M third.* Time,
1:43%.. "
Fourth race, six furlongs — Snark won. Spry
second. Surmise third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Uledi wan, Albula
second, Fondo third. Time, 1:14%.
Sixth race, one mile — Winepress won. Mon
treal second, Cogswell third. Time, 1:41%.
First race, one mile and seventy yards—
Schnell Laufer won, Inuendo second, Tom
Cromwell third. Time, 1:48%.
Second race, six furlongs, purse— Fickle Saint
won. Golden Easter second, Diaz third. Time,
1:16%.
Third race, six and a. half furlongs. purse-
Grantor won. Northern £py second. Time,
1:22%. Only two starters.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, ' purse
—Lunar won, Ida Ledford second, Belle Simp
son third. Time. 1:48U. 7
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Chickamauga won. Pirate's Daughter sec
ond. Warren Point third. Time, 1:47.
Sixth race, one mile, selling;— Hardly won.
Meddlesome second, Elsie Barnes third. Time,
1:43%.
DETROIT. July 31.— Windsor summaries:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling-
Last Night won. Judge Durnell second, Ben
Mldlam third. Time. :58.
ST. LOUIS, July 31.— Delmar summary:
Fifth race, six furlongs — Connie won. Brandy
Smash second. Morokonta third. Time, 1:16.
Sixth race, one mile and a half, for hurdle
and steeplechase horses— Charagrace won. The
Chamberlain second, Pericn third. Time,
2:43 2-5.
List of Horses Who Lead to the Wire
on the Eastern Tracks.
NEW YORK, July 31.— Brighton Beach sum
mary: ' ¦
First race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Disturber won. Animosity second, Inshot
third. Time, 1:47 3-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Dis
advantage won, Francesco second, Sombrero
third. Time, 1:08 3-5.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth — Arden
won, Monarka second, Tom Kenny third.
Time. 1:49.
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth— Osrden
won, Intrusive second, Latson third. Time,
1:54 1-5.
CARRIED OFF THE MONEY.
Cincinnati Team Defeats Players
From Chicago After Thirteen
Exciting: Innings.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTOX, July 21. — Boston ¦won to-day by ¦
bunching hits In the firet. seventh and eighth
Innings. 'Willis wa« invincible after the fourth.
Both reams played a snappy game. Attend
ance, 2.V>. Score:
Clubs- It. H. E.
Boston 5 9 0
Mew York 0 5 0
Batterie*— "Willis and Kittridg-e; Denser.
Phyle and Warner. Umpire — Dwyer.
BROOKLYN, July 31.— To-day's game was a
pitchers' battle between Townsend and Dono
van, in which the Philadelphia youngster '
came out on top. He let the Brooklyns down
with three scattered hits, shutting them out.
Attendance, 1400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 3 8 1
Brooklyn 0 3 0
Batteries— Townsend and McFarland: Dono
van and Farrell. : Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI, July 31.— Husrhea and Hahn
had a pitchers' battle to-day which lasted
thirteen inninge. Hahn pitched wonderful ball
after the sixth inning: and Huphes was ef
feeti\-e throughout. Attendance, 800. Score:
Clubs— . r. h. E.
Cincinnati 5 13 5
Chicago 4 10 1
Batteries— Hahn and Bergen; Hughes and
Kahoe. Umpires— Nash and Brown.
BATTLES OF PITCHERS
IN EASTERN" GAMES
At the Alcazar "Nell Gwynne" Is meet
ing with much favor, and Miss Roberts
as the charming Nelly is winning for her
self many new laurels. Old English com
edy- next week will. give way to the In
verted moralities of the tuberculous "Ca-
At the Grand Opera-house this, week
Mr. Frawley's Company -gives . a good
reading of the bright American comedy,
"The Senator." Mr. Roberts, in the name
part, gets much out of the role, if not
quite, or just what Crane got out of it,
and Frank Mathieu, 33 Lieutenant Schuy
ler, hits a good average. Mary Van Bu
ren looks as beautiful as usual as Mrs.
Hillary, and the rest of the cast, barring
a single exception, is acceptably fitted.'
though handicapped by an'ill-fltting part
yet does good work. Mr. Neill, as Si
Richard Cato, Q. C. is admirably fitted ii
the role, and with John Burton, who alsi
plays well his part, is seen as Lady Su
san's be-bothered uncle. "The Amazons'
will follow, the first performance to'bi
given on Sunday evening.
"AH we want to do is to force this fight.
Jeffries is afraid of Ruhlin and the public
knows it. He has been trying in every
way possible to avoid a fight with him.
We are willing and anxious to. have the
fight, and any place suits us. As regards
the size of the purse, we are willing to
flght for any purse that is suitable to Jef
fries. - We want to know In advance, of
course, that Jeffries is to get no mon«y
on the side, and that everything is on the
square. We will accept any fair proposi
tion to fight anywhere."
PORTLAND. Or., July 31.-Gus Ruhlin
and Billy Madden, his manager, are In
this city. When Ruhlin was seen this
evening he referred his questioner to
Madden, saying he would "stand for" any
thing the latter said. Madden cheerfully
avowed his willingness to have the fight
come off in Savannah, or anywhere else.
He said:
At Harbin Springs last evening, Jef
fries said that he would willingly fight
Ruhlin in Savannah if the Inducements
are satisfactory. The selection of the bat
tleground depends, he said, only on the
matter of gross receipts. He may remain
at the springs for two weeks.
La Monts. lone and Lester Reeves are
at the Olympia. . • ..
• Lunette. ' the maid of the air,* is still
leading attraction at the Chutes and Zoo.
The amateurs will as usual delight the
Chutes patrons to-night, and a ladies'
skipping rope contest is also among the
"extras" of the good bill.
Charity Martin. Pietro Buzz!. O. S.
Wanrell. Mabel Rutherford. Jennie Metz
ler, Nellie Bruce, Hopper and Hopper and
Karl and Bayle are the people responsi
ble for the week's good bill at Fischer's
Concert House; ' - ¦ , ¦¦.¦ . ¦ ..-¦¦
The Orpheum in its . excellent bill in
cludes, the Molasso-Salvaggi . troupe,
eleven French folk from Paris; Hugh
Stanton and Florence Modena in- the
clever skit, "A Bargain Fiend." and "Will
Murphy and Blanche • Nicholls in their
brilliant absurdity, "The Bifurcated
Girl." Ameta has new dances, Alexandra
Dagmar stuns as advertised and Ed F.
Reynard, the three Brooklyns and Arras
and Alice take care -of the rest of the
good programme. ¦ .
"The Ensign," the Central's attraction,
is strongly . cast, effectively played • and
adequately staged.' The play has caught
on with Central patrons, who begin to
look to the theater's management for the
good, things in melodrama that used to be
the monopoly of Morosco's. Mr. Bropny's
popular engagement at the Market-street
house ends next week with a performance
of Edmond Dantes in "Monte Cristo."
mille." Miss Roberts will essay the con
sumptive demi-mondaine's part, White
Whittlesey will again be seen . as «Duval
and Lucius Henderson will appear as the
Comte de Varville. "Silver-mounted Har
ness" will follow.
The Neill Company this week gives a
bright and pleasing interpretation of
Henry Arthur- Jones' comedy, "The Case
of Rebellious Susan." Edythe Chapman,
as the rebellious Susan, scores a consid
erable personal success, and Julia ,Dean,
Next Monday evening comes Margaret
Anglin and Charles Richman with the
Empire Theater Company in Henry Ar
thur Jones' new play, "Mrs. Dane's De
fense." The company comes here direct
from New York; thus San Francisco is
again second in the itinerary of one of
the important plays of the theatrical year.
The comedy ran for an entire season in
New York, repeating the extraordinary
snecess of its initial season in London at
Charles Wyndham's Theater. Besides
Miss Anglin and Mr. Richman the com
pany includes \V. H. Crompton, E. Y.
Backus, George Osbourne Jr., Miss Mar
garet Dale and Miss Ethel Hornlck. ...
Chauncey Olcott's engagement in the
Irish comedy, "Garrett O'Magh," at the
Columbia Theater, will come to a close
next Sunday evening. The sweet singer
has been warmly welcomed.
THE Tivoli management has every
reason to be congratulated on the'
opening of its grand opera sea
son. " The opening bills— "Alda"
¦ and "Rigoletto" — have been re
ceived with lavish enthusiasm by over
flowing: houses, and everything- points to
a most successful season. The artists are
all in excellent health and vocal condi
tion, and are receiving nightly individual
ovations. Mr. Steindorff has proved him
self a capable leader, in command of an
orchestra and chorus of unusual merit.
Dado, the new basso, has proved himself
a valuable acquisition to. the company.
His Ramphis, the part in which he ap
pears this week, is a very satisfying per
formance, and Collamarini as Amneris,'
also, in "Aida." is also new to us in the
part, which is finely acted and sung.
"Aida" will be sung Friday an4 Saturday
and "Rigoletto" to-night, at the Saturday
matinee and Sunday evening. :
ROBBERS FAIL
TO GET BOOTY
SACRAMENTO, July 31.— State Controller
Colgan said to-nlzht that he issued a salary
warrant in favor of Building: and Loan Com
missioner E. D. McCabe for July up to ths
17th of the month, and for the tc!ance of tho
month from the 17th to the 31st to the new
Building and Lean Commissioner, C. M. Short
ridge. Mr. Colgan said that hia authority fop
doing this was that Secretary Field? had no
tified him that Shortridge had assumed office
on 1 the 17th of July, and he therefore re
garded this as sufficient authorization lor him
to place the new commissioner on the salary
roll. Mr. Colgan said that the same secretary
notified him that Mr. McCabe had organized
a board, and upon this notification he deemed
that he was entitled to pay up to the 17th.
when Sbortridee took offlce.
. The refusal of McCabe to give up hi»
seat to Shortridge on the ground that his
term of office does not expire for some
months to come has already been pub
lished. On July 29. according to McCabe.
Secretary J. I*. Fields certified to the Con
troller that during the month only ona
meeting of the commission had been held,
and that there were present on that occa»
sion Commissioners McCabe and I>. W.
Field. Field was elected president of tha
board and Fields secretary.
On July 16 Commissioners Field and
Shortridge met and elected J. M. Klein of
Fresno secretary of the board. On the
following day Klein went to the office of
the commission and undertook to take
charge thereof. He was promptly ejected
by McCabe.
The following dispatch was received last
night relative to the matter:
E. r>. McCabe, in whose stead Governor ¦
Gage recently appointed Qharles M.
Shortridge on the Building and Loan
Commission, ascertained yesterday that
the State Controller had made out a
warrant in his favor for only one-half of
the month of July, the other half being
made out in favor of Shortridge.
There Is no law against prizefighting in
Georgia, and suould the contest take place
the participants could be arrested or a
charge of assault and battery. The Sa
vannah promoters of the flght who called
on Governor Candler left for home to
night highly pleased with the result of
the conference. It is understood to be the
intention of the Savannah promoters to
pull off the fight early in October. The
Legislature will meet in Atlanta during
the second week in that month.
Jeffries and Ruhlin Are Only Wait
ing for Substantial Inducements.
ATLANTA, Ga., July 31.-A report was
sent from this city to-day to the effect
that the Governor of Georgia had con
sented to permit a prizefight between Jef
fries and Ruhlin at Savannah. This was
denied to-night by Governor Candler, who
said: •
"I have no authority to license prize
fighting in this State. Any gentleman
may come into Georgia and depart unmo
lested unless while here he violates tho
law. In such case he will be held and
punished for his crime." •
PUGILISTS QUITE WILLING.
"I'm going up to the office now to see
if Jeffries has wired. If he will flght' I'll
take the next train for California and go
into training. He'll flght me all right."
"Jeffries flght me?" he said. "'Why.
he's got to flght me. Ain't I the only log
ical scrapper for him to meet? Say, I'm
expecting a wire from Jeffries every min
ute. I got my 'eye on the telegraph office
all right. Why, I offered him. his own
terms to flght, the winner take all or
split the purse any way he wants to.
Then my manager and I will put up a
$7500 side bet. What more does he want?
"I can do Jeff this time, sure, and the
Joke is he don't know it. I'm dead on to
every move he's got. I am going to flght
him in a way that he never saw or heard
of. Something new; that's the way to
lick Jeffries. I was going to flght Peter
Maiier in I>oulsville. but' they haven't of
fered enough inducement. - .
NE"W TORK, July 3L— Tom Sharkey
challenged Champion Jeffries again a
couple of weeks ago. For the past few
days rumors of Jeffries' acceptance have
had Sharkey on the ' Jump. Mysterious
telephone calls, wires and -letters have
kept the sailor guessing. The' pugilist was
at Manhattan Beach to-day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rob Johnson was given the decision
over George Gibbs in a fight that went
the limit. Kid Parker, a lean youth,
made John Moran quit after two rounds
nf slugging. Bert Crowder was too bljj for
Harry Killen and Police Sergeant O'Con
nor stopped their mill. | Fred Bell and
Dan Gilmore put up a good go. Bell was
the heavier and won out. but not until
Gilmore had given him some violent ex
ercise.
Cyclone Kelley and Fred Williams
fought at 145 pounds, and at the end of
four rounds had earned a draw. The flght
was a good one.
Jack Sullivan and Gus Salisbury broke
even after a hard go that went the limit.
George Lampman is now the match
maker for the club.
The contestants had agreed to have two
judges and a referee to render a decision.
NeaJ's judge wanted a draw. Hanlon's
pave his vote for his man and Jim Griffin,
the referee, coinciding, gave the bout to
Hanlon. The decision was greeted with,
cheers and was entirely satisfactory.
The preliminaries were well received and
helped to make the meeting one of the
best the club has had.
.Neal -was fighting all the time, but the
continued visits of Hanlon's jolts weak
ened him and his blows became less ef
fective. Hanlon repeated his aggressive
work in the third round and It was plain
that, barring accidents, he would win. He
put Neal over the ropes and had him in
a bad condition, but the sound of the
gong gave Neal a respite.
Hanlon rushed into Xeal's corner when
the bell rang for the wind-up and went at
his opponent in a lively fashion. As the
boys clinched and were separated they
were tcld to shake hands. With a hur
ried salutation they went at it again and
set such a rapid pace that the spectators
went wild with excitement. Through it
all it was plain that Hanlon had a strong
lead over Neal. and when the round closed
the condition of the lads showed that Neal
had met his master.
Ir. the second round there was no let up
U> the fast work. Hanlon Trent, to his
man and never let him rest for a moment.
Time and again he landed good stiff
punches on Neal and made him slow
dcwn.
Neal was the favorite in the betting, but
the sympathy of the house was with Han-
Ion. The boys set a lively pace in the
opening round. Hanlon seemed to have a
shade the better of the argument from
the etart. administering the greater pun
ishment and closing the round by drop
ping his opponent to the floor.
championship of the Pacific Coast, and
went the scheduled four rounds. From tho
time the little fellows shook hands until
the last bell the mill was of the lively or
der.
Eddie Hanlon won a decisive victory
over Frank Neal last night at the month
ly exhibition of the Bay City Athletic
Club at the Mechanics* Pavilion annex.
The battle was for the bantam-weight
M'CABE DEMANDS
MONTH'S SALARY
"Cuba's resources require capital for de
velopment The last enormous sugar crop
was raised on 8 per cent ! of the entire
sugar-producing lands. Only this small
percentage is under cultivation. "We have
f 1,500,000 in our reserve fund, and can pay
all our debts and get out of Cuba within
the next eight months. "We have estab
lished 3600 flourishing schools. Two years
ago we were obliged to provide over 10O
orphan asylums to protect the destitute
children. Since then we have abolished
sixty, and expect to. be able to close more*
before we retire from the management of
Cuban affairs. Our troops have been well
cared for and their health compares fa
vorably with that of the troops in this
country, showing that the island is
healthy."
NKW YORK, July SI.— General Leonard
Wood, military Governor of Cuba, who la
now on board toe dispatch boat Kanaw
ha, preparing for a cruise alons: the coast
of New England, said to-day In discuss
ing Cuban affairs:
"Cuba Is a totally undeveloped Island
and has a great future before it. Yellow
fever in another year will cease to be eni
demlc. We have not had a single case of
yellow fever at Havana, this summer and
none In Eastern Cuba for two year3 past.
Another Year.
Yellow Fever Will Oease to
Be Epidemic Within
Ho Has His Eye on the Tel
egraph, but No Mes
sage Comes. '
Exhibition.
The Bay City Athletic Club
Gives an Exciting Fistic
Sailor Declares the Man
ner in Which He Can
Whip Jeffries. >
Terrific Mill Between a
Pair of Clever
Bantams.
Great Future for the
Island.
Governor Wood Predicts
SURE TO WIN,
SAYS SHARKEY
CUBAN AFFAIRS
GROW BRIGHTER
HANLON WINS HIS
FIGHT WITH NEAL
"AIDA" AND "RIGOLETTO" RECEIVED
WITH ENTHUSIASM AT THE TIVOLI
"Mrs. Dane's Defense" at the Golumbia,"
lious Susan" at California, "Nell Gwynne^ at Alcazar^
"The Senator ' at Grand and "The Ensign" at Central
INTEND DODGING
NATIONAL ISSUES
Democrats Will Conduct
Qampaign^ on State
;.'. Lines.
tion Well in Hand.
Senator. Gorman Thought to
Have Maryland Conven-
BALTIMORE, July 31.— The Democratic
State Convention, which will meet at
Ford's Opera-house, this city, at noon to
morrow, promises to be thoroughly har
monious. In the preliminaries.- which
closed yesterday, no bitterness has been
developed except in Montgomery County,
where the friends of Senator Bouic are
sore- over his defeat by Spencer Jones, the
administration candidate/ The delegates
to the coming convention, with, unusually
few exceptions, are strict organization
men and there will be no kicking over the
traces. The only nominations to be made
to-morrow are candidates for Controller
and Clerk of the Court of Appeals. At
this time there seems no reason to doubt
that Dr. Joshua W. Herring will be
nominated for Controller and that J. F.
Turner will get the other place on the
ticket.
, As to the declaration of -principles It
seems clear that no mention will be made
of national issues. .Nothing will be said
about the currency, the tariff, imperialism
or anything of that sort, but every plank
In the platform will be confined to State
Issues. Prominent among these, it is un
derstood, will be the negro vote problem.
Although the leaders will not admit it,
there is every reason for believing that a
strong declaration will be made upon thi3
subject, following closely along the lines
laid down by the Democrats at their re
cent convention in Frederick County, the
home of Colonel L. Victor Baughman, for
merly one of Senator Gorman's lieu
tenants, In which it was decided that the
danger of the negroes ultimately holding
the Dalance of power In Maryland is Im
minent unless something is done to check
their right to vote.
Th3 course of the State administration
in convening the General Assembly in spe
cial session last spring for the purpose
of passing laws to disqualify illiterate
voters and the taking of a State census
will be upheld.
The platform is being carefully drawn
with a view of getting every vote pos
sible for the Democratic nominees for the
Legislature. Gorman has taken part in
many conferences upon this subject and
the list of nominees in the various coun
ties has been carefully scrutinized and
revised by his friends, it being- a recog
nized fact that upon the success or failure
of the party to carry their legislative tick
ets, so as to have a majority in the coming
Legislature, wjll depend Gorman's fu
ture career as a politician, In so far as the
State of Maryland is concerned. That
he will be chosen to succeed Senator "Well
ington in the event of Democratic success
is regarded as certain.
NEW DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 31.— The "Pro
gressive Democratic party" was organ
ized here to-day. The attendance was so
small that many doubted. up to 1' p. m.
whether any. attempt would^ be made to
hold a State convention. During the week
following the recent Democratic State
Convention a conference was held at
Cleveland and a protest was issued
against the action of the Democratic con
vention in ignoring Bryan, free silver and
other issues.
¦ George A. Groot. who called the confer
ence at Cleveland, was both temporary
and permanent chairman to-day and waj
made chairman of the State Committee
of the new party. The convention was
held in his 'room at the Great Southern
Hotel. The promoters of the movement
did not disguise their disappointment over
the small attendance. The total attend
ance did not exceed thirty, though the
formalities of .a State convention were
carried out. . - .
The features of the platform are lauda
tion of Bryan and reafflrmatlon of the
Kansas City platform. - Planks were, also
inserted, calling for the public ownership
of all public utilities and that all money of
whatever kind shall be issued by the Gov
ernment without the. intervention of
banks. The destruction of all trusts is
demanded.
A committee on nominations reported
the following ticket, which was nomi
nated: Governor, Dr. Rudolph Reemlln:
Lieutenant Governor. Henry C. Cordery:
Supreme Judge, Rial M. Smith; State
Treasurer, J. C. Shepard; Attorney Gen
eral, S. L. Clark; Clerk of Supreme Court.
Charles Bonsall: member of the Board of
Public Works, R. B. Connell.
Dr. Reemlin, who heads the ticket, has
been a lifelong Democrat and a radical
free silver man. He Is president of the
Bimetallic League of Hamilton County.
BULLETS STRIKE
THE BYSTANDERS
DENVER, July 31.— During a street duel
to-night between Barney. and Sam Boyce,
brothers, of Denver, on. one side and
Charles Jasper of Texas on the other
three bystanders were wounded, although
none of the principals were hurt, j The
combatants are said to be gamblers, and
the cause of the flght was a trivial quar
rel. The fight occurred at Seventeenth
and Curtis streets, one of the busiest cor
ners in the city. <*
The wounded are; C. R. "West of Crdw
ley, Iowa; shot in right knee; J. M. Howie,
professor of mathematics at the State
Normal Schopl,. Peru, Nebr., shot in right
leg, not serious; Nick Slager. carpenter,
Denver, shot in the left .thigh.
, Professor Howie was three blocks from
the scene of the shooting when hit The
duellists were arrested."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALiL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 1, 1901.
9
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of 6tores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pure soap does that. This
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Eczema, Tetter, Psoriasis, Salt Rheum, Acne and a great many otier
diseases of like character are classed as skin diseases, when they could just as
properly be called blood diseases, for they nndonbtedry originate in the blood, Hko
Cancer, Catarrh, Scrofula; Rheumatism, Contagious Blood Poison, etc ; the only
real difference being in the intensity and nature of the poison. The more serious
diseases, Cancer, Catarrh, etc., are caused by some specific poison or .vkus^ which
is either inherited or in other ways gets into the blood and attacks certain vital
organs or appears in the form of terrible sores and ulcers, while the milder and
less dangerous skin diseases are caused by blood humors or an over acid condition
of that fluid. . These acid poisons, as they ooze out through the pores of the skin,
cause great irritation, with intense itching and burning. The eruption may be of
•a pustular kind, with excessive discharge of thick, gummy fluid, or the skin may
be hot, dry and feverish, swollen and fissured. Skin diseases, whether they appear
• .; ;V as sores, blotches or pimples^ _
- I can cheerfully and most sincerely endorse become more deeply rooted
your Bpeoiflo as a cure tor Eczema, the most an d intractable toe longer
irritating, and annoyingr disease, I think, that neff i ec t e d the skin in tims
flesh is heir to. I was troubled with It for t a
twenty-five years, and tried many remedies saving a thick, hard, rough
with no grood effect. After nsine your medicine zn °- unsightly appearance,
a phort time I think I am entirely relieved. You can hide the blemishes
You can give this statement any publicity you-' for a time with cosmetics;
may desire, as it is voluntarily made, more for and washes, lotions, soaps
""•—^SST SSsH^TSCS.'
318 West Central. Wiohita, Kans.' burning, but eventually the
' ,. . ~ . -j. .-...".'. • -¦ ' : '.- " ¦• >*•„ ¦ ¦ pores of the skin become so
clogged up by this treatment that the poisonous matter thrown off .by the blood
: cannot pass out of the system,' and settles on the lungs, heart or some other vital •
¦ organ and endangers life. .
¦ To purify and build tip the polluted blood is the 'right treatment for sfcfct
diseases, and for this purpose no other medicine is so deservedly popular a3 S. S. £.'
It is a perfect antidote for all blood humors, and when taken into the circulation,
gently but thoroughly eliminates all impurities and puts the blood in a healthy,
normal* state. . ! : The skin can't remain in an irritated, diseased condition when
nourished with rich, new blood. S. S: S. js the only guaranteed purely vegetable •
. remedy, and the safest and best skin beautifier. \ Write our physicians if you have
any ¦ blood ¦ or skin ! disease,' and they will cheerfully; advise you without chargo.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, QA.
¦Mkk fln^flB E ESI Em HH JWL *^ /R fcy^ kjL *^ iBl s^b £51l 1^^
£e9 yS3 ¦£¦ k§J HH h k9 Bis l^v 89 tfH wS v^ ¥j K3 IQjff w{%^ 4 <bL bLwTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, ATJG^ST^ 1901.
10
fMATRIMOXMl*
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1S87; reliable & con-
fldential: lists lCc. MRS. HERTZ, 7U6 Ellis st.
MATTKKSSKS ' AM* ft ».1.U \V>.
TO order. ¦ also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work gu;<.r-
ante'ed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell st. :
tel. Bush 421. " V - -
" MEDICAL.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DAVIES"
original method cf treatment: maternity
home: stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
311SCK1.IaA.NKO VS — KOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-haml machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & tt'OLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
¦ ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stock oi
saloon outfits on hand ; 22 complete outtlts on
one floor, ready made; we can ship every thins?
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1J17. 1019, 1021. 102 »
Mission st.. above Slzth; write for catalogue.
60 FEET of bank counter end grill: will cut
to suit; must be sold by August 3. 1301. F. G.
JONES, 1113 Webster St., Oakland.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $"> to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophone*
$1 50; 2J-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
. cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
AIR compressor, 3 sizes, 5, 10, 29 stamp mill!-;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
, and water power. J. B. Jardlne, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
. Iar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ALL kinds second-hand building; material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood ; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co., 1611 Market st.
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rings cheap; no rea-
sonable cash offer refused; must sell. 2400
Howard st.
FOR sale — New l."-h. p. Union gas engine of th«
latest type. S. & G. GUMP CO.. 113 Geary st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, baga and drea«
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellia St.
GOOD family cow for sale in Oakland. Box
253 Builders* Exchange, City.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
WE pay bis prices for ladies' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 618 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
"WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
' ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale St.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 5S Bluxom«.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for tl-
> MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTS.
ALL-check stamps and stamped checks bought;
also documentary stamps. 1003 Call building.
WANTED— Small gasoline launch: state size,
pfiwer and speed. Address box 3713. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th it. : tel. Folsom 352?.
MOSEY TO LOA.Y.
aX^mXn3lv^t^a^loan~compant~~*
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City &
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgage?. life Insurance & securities. Loarw
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real -estate and legacies. We will vcrchasa
any of above securities. Tel. Red K24. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
.First, second and third mortgages .--- ¦
Undivided interest In real estate in probate-
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay —
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,00O.0CO at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bids.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. * do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
thslr friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no .
publicity. Rooma 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, 'private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 948 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at S per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates. on furniture, etc., by prtvat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
MOST rellabla place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture; $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no .removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. 3.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
' plan. Western L^an Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,0C0 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
821 Parrott building. ,
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bulldins.
MONEY WAXTED^T"
WANTED— To borrow from private party $2000;
good real estate security. Box 4551. Call.
~~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ttquestjoS^t^zt.. . . ". ..z^r. ..t
Why is It our competitors fight and say
more against the Ludwlg piano than any
.other make? Because they know that thero
Is more- real value in the "Ludwlg" than
any other piano. It is the best piano for the
money in -the market. They know it. W»
know it and you will" know it when yea *em
and hear It.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. Sole Agents..
923 Market st.. S. F.; 931 Broadway. Oakland.
A MOST remarkable sale of pianos at reduced
. prices will close August 1 at our store. 789
Market St.: parties who have not been able to
decide have now only three days in which to
. do so; we shall have an extra force of sales-
men to wait upon customers, so that none
¦ may go away disappointed; remember, that
all our pianos are offered at 20 per cent and
SO per cent discount from the regular prices.
THE ZENO MUSIC CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAT
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price f allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for J3, $4 nnd
$3 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; . corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ANY make at lowest prices. Agency famous
Hallet-Davla. Bargain list '$50 up; uprights-
Mahogany Fischer. $95; Steinway. $1S3;
Chickerlng $165; 20 others; rents $2 up; great
Inducement to agents.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary St. *
ANY piano sold by us taken baek any time
-within 3 years- and full purchase price "al-
lowed on a i new peerless , Knabe at regular
-price: costs you enly 20c a day to buy n piano
from us. KOHLEE &. CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st. : establlr»J?d 1850, -
A SURPRISE awaits all who are interested In
the «lf-playing piano: the CecIHan is the lat.
est- and .-be^t: you are Invited to our da)!v
roncetjs. BYROX -JIAU2T, 308 Post nt .
"Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co
Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Lester, Hamilton and
Spleltnan pianos.
NEW. upright: must.be sold -fop -advances.
PIERCE Piano Factory, Market. I4th and
Church sta. -¦
EMPLOYMEST'WASTED— JIALE.', "
MIDDLE-AGED. man wants position 1 In private
family in the! city or country; thoroughly un-"
. dfirstands horses and ¦' gardening. • .Address F.
.. " M..' Reno. House, room* 22. - - C31 Sacramento St.
A SOBER,, Industrious married man wants em-
ployment , as porter, "' packer . or night \ watch-
man; 30 years In this city; good reference from
, last employer. ; Address. box 4554; Call." -
INDUSTRIOUS man of 26 wishes position; had
j5 years' experience In heavy hardware, wagon
and car material. Address ' box ' 4557, Call, n
HANDY 'man,' understands painting, whitening
and tinting, wants steady employment.'- Ad-
dress-box 4546. • Call. -:¦;; '.' .;¦*."
YOUNG man experienced bicycle \and automo-
. bile wishes .position. -U.^ SANDONA, \639
.Broadway. " . ; ' • ¦ -. -••¦" ¦ ': ¦.'.-..- "X ¦¦".-
FIRST-CLAPS - colored man wishes position as
porter; first-class references. Address PAUL
ANDERSON, • 18 Stockton 1 place. ¦ -; , v -\ ¦--
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant shlp-
., ping clerk In wholesale, house; has had erperl-
- ence. Address box 4552, Call office. * . .¦ .
A FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes position.
'. Box 4543. Call offlce. "
A SOBER. and industrious man desires position
on a private place or institution; understands
. vegetable and flower gardening, . milk; handy
man all round; good references. ~ F. H., v New
'Atlantic Hotel, Montgomery ave., city, rm. 64.
SITUATION wanted as French chef cook: 1 bo-'
¦- tel: city or country. ¦ D. L.. 275 • Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on?coats wants situa-
tlon. A pply.521'^ Howard st. ED STONE.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has- been established -at 1096
'Valencia st. .. , .'., : - . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received tat Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
FEATHERS RENOVATED. .
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke,1393 Valencla;tel.Capp 26S2.
• iV'*\ ' -. '-FINANCIAL. V ? -':"'¦'
$50,000 WANTED on mining: property In Califor-
nia; sale pending for a portion of it for $250. -
000; good interest paid; also bonus on- sale.
Address or call on C. F. MOORE, 935 Market
st.. room 6. ¦-.- ' . ' \ ' . ., - ."¦'••
PACIFIC Coast ; Underwriting . Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 of flees in operation; new method of
placing stocks and. bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call"
' or -address main offlce. E07-8-9 Parrott ¦ bldg.
PLATS TO LET.
EDDY, 929-931, near : Franklin— ,Two ' beautiful
new j flats, just completed, comprising all that
modern architecture can produce; containing
9 and 10, rooms and bath each; salon parlora
and reception hall; servant's room additional
with each flat; ' now open for inspection.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE ' Sc. CO., 218-220
Montgomery st. ; - • ¦-;• .-". . . .
$25— FIRST flat.. 7 -rooms; $27 50, . upper flat, 8
rooms; new house; fine finish; concrete base-
ment and bath; 2 toilets to each flat: latest
Improvements. .130 Second ave., nr. California.
CHOICE new flats; exquisitely finished; ideal
location; Vallejo and Laguna sts.; marine
'view. • ¦ . ' -. - ;
A— RENT reduced: new; marine view; 8 rooms;
bath. 2414 Van Nesg ave.. near Union st. j
A— Four brand new flats, 8 rooms, bath each.)
1182 to 1192 Ellis st.. near Gough. ' j
COZY middle flat, 4 rooms, bath and yard. . j
20-Shotwell st., near Fourteenth; $17. j
LEAVENWORTH. 1519V4— Flat of 4 rooms and
bath; modern Improvements;, rent $15. ,
STOQKTON. C03— Sunny . furnished flat, 8
rooms and bath; . also . single . rooms.
DE ' LONG ave.. 21— Flat 5 sunny rooms and
bath. - '. ' ¦ ' ¦¦ ' .
FLAT of 6 eunny ! rooms and bath, yard and
basement. 134 Page. - at. - '
LARGE eight-room modern upper flat; attic,
cellar. Northwest corner Page and Shrader.
$12 50—289 SHIPLEY St., near Sixth; flat; bath,
gas; nice yard;. sunny. ¦"¦¦ ; .
NINETEENTH. 4034, near Castro— Flat of, four
rooms and bath, j . ¦
FLATS . TO . . LET— -FURNISHED.
NICE 8-room flat and bath; sunny side: all
modern Improvements; to a responsible party
only on 2 years' lease. . Apply from 10 to 5
o'clock, 522 Oak st.
SHOTWELL, fiOCA— Flat 5 furnished rooms and
bath: rent $18.' ¦ '
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
PINE. 781— For sale, nicely furnished flat «
rooms; reasonable; located near corner Pow-
ell;" 3 roomers In "house; ¦ good proposition ¦
first comer." .' " . " ¦
FURNITURE FOR^SALE.
4 ROOMS . furnished ' In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
. range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— Sunny flat of 4 rooms; partly fur-
nished; rent $15. 901 Post st. '
. . FURNITURE WANTED.
I CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071. .
Auctioneer; W. P. Beaucnamp, 2 Golden Gate
! ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.'
! BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram's
¦ Auction House. 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc,. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. "Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694.
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory^prlce;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE. ;
Ar-PANTRY. girl for country hotel. $25, fare
paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 185
-.......:.;.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
For Southern California............
20 waitresses. Los Angeles and San Diego. .$25
Fancy lroners ...:..'.......... $33
Laundress, country hotel, free fare.. ....... J30
Waitress, springs, steady place year round. $20
50 waitresses, city and commercial hotels -
; $20-$25
• 2 chambermaids, city .".-.. ...$2O-$18
Cooks, city and country hotels $33
Pantry, girl, country hotel $25
.Practical forelady, laundry, country
Cook and waitress, small hotel.....: .$45
*....;..... FAMILY DEPARTMENT, ....:?:....
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, nurses.. $10-$25
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...... ......104 Geary st.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl for cooking and house-
; work, $25. offlce fee paid. t
C. R. HANSEN & CO... .104 Geary et.
A COOK and dishwasher. Institution, $35-$25.
C.-R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary et.
A FIRST-CLASS cool* $r.5, chambermaid and
laundress, $25, sameMiouse.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary 'et'
WANTED— Waitress for hotel in a mining
town. $25; waitress for commercial hotel,
$25; waitress, Monterey, country, $20; 3 wait-
resses for resorts In Marin County, $20 and
$25; German or French nurse, $23; nurse, $20;
Protestant cook, no wash, $35; cook, "short
' orders,. $9 a week; 2 Protestant girls for an
institution, to do waiting, etc., $20; working
housekeeper, no wash, 'must be German or
Swedish, $25; 71 girls for housework in ' city
and country, $20. $25 and $30; neat girl for
general housework for family of 3 for Santa
Clara, $30; lroner. country,- $1 50 -a day; C
cooks, German style, $30; cook, boarding
house,- $30; 2 second : girls, $25. : Apply . to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.; . 316 Sutter St. . , .:
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.:.... Phone Main 1573
. HOTEL', DEPARTMENT ...V
• Head waitress, $30; 2 waitresses. Salt Lake
City. $22 50, fare here; 4 waitresses. Coro-
nado Beach. $25, half rate fares; 2 waitresses,
• commercial hotel, $25 M5 waitresses, different
city and country hotels, • $20 and $25; -2 cham-
, bermalds, $18 and_J20; 3 . chambermaids to
wait, $20; many others.. ;.".':... .*..'.:.::•.".. .......
.......... FAMILY ¦ DEPARTMENT r:.....:..
Cook and second, same family, see lady'to-
. day; mother; and • daughter. . city,* $30:- r niany
• very: choice places; situations guaranteed..
- MRS. ". M. E. DAY & CO... .....333 Geary st. ; :
4 : BOARD.ING-HOUSE cooks. ...^..$25' and $30
2 family cooks :..;.'... ..;....".......'...... ...$30
: . 10 housework ¦ girls'. :.. .$25
Cook and second girl, same place. $20 and $25;
-.10 waitresses, city. $20: 4 chambermaids. ' as-
Blst waiting, «20. MISS HOROAN. 323 Sutter.
WOMEN and girls* to work on fruit: steady.'
clean work all summer. Apply 10th and Bry-
ant'Stss." *¦¦-. ...---i.,.i-:... j^. ...» ¦- .. . : ¦ •
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.'
WANTED^Rellable woman for general house-
' work, washing, ; plain -pieces,. .must be good
¦ -cook for two in family: wages $20. Call Fri-
day from 1 to. 4, 1430 Golden Gate. ave., cor-
¦ ner Bteiner. st; ...;-. .-. . . ..', -.- •. . ¦-.: ": . :i
WANTED— A young German. woman for house-
work, and housekeeper: reference wanted. Call
— In; the morning between 7 and 12 at 2004 Polk
st.."- near tPaciflc."^ "i "A . . :^..."'' '¦..-'.'.
A< SCANDINAVIAN or. German girl for general
housework; must.be a good 'plain: cook; small
• "American family.? $25.*. . Take • Geary or Sutter
.-st. cars. 233 Third ave..' car fare-paid. : .-...•
GOOD, cloak and ; suit alteration hands wanted ;
7. must be well experienced. V Apply to cloak de-
v • partment - manager, i Emporium, j^ ¦; . .,--- ..y
WANTED-^Two ;'. Intelligent .7 ladles at •-. Room
" Renting Agency, ; 935 Market St., room , 14. ' ,¦
SAX FB.VXC1SCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Ca.IL ccrcer of Market and Third streets; epea
until 12 o'cJork every nlpht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— -.7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; cpen until 9:20 p. m. \
S00 Hayes street; open until S:SO p. m.
<3S McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until S:30 p. m.
:M1 Mission street: c»en until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; . open
until 9 p. m.
206 Eleventh Etreet; open until 9 p. m.
2096 Valencia street : or»en until 9 p. m;
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky s^ifets; open until 9 p. rn.
t*2W* Fiiireore street; open until 9 p. m.
jiektim; notices.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena.
Lodge of Ferfection No. 1, A. and A., _
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will b« ' /t
held In Commandcry Hall. Masonic /js\
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. *££*&
Aug. 1, 1901. at S o'clock. Decree 4th.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodffe No. 1. F. and A. o
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _#V«
EVENING. Aus. 1. at 7:30 o'clock. 5S^S
Stated meeting. By order of the Mas- » "*r ¦
tcr. FRANKLIN H. DAY. SecreUry.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and 'A. . m
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS- _^l.
DAT) EVENING, a-t 7 o'clock. Stated. JKjf
meeting, following second degree. Fel- •
lowcraft Masons cordially Invited. By order
of the TV. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. SecreUry.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. T. and A. M.— * '
Stated roeetins THIS <THURSDAY) JL^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. SX
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sec. 'V^
THE Past Grands' Association. L
0. O. F-. will visit San Francisco
Lodes No. 3. I. O. O. F.. TO- "^S*?^?
MORROW (FRIDAY) EVENING. 'sHVf>
Members are requested to attend.
R. H. LLOYD. President
MASTER mariners' Benevolent Asso- -r.—^^
elation— The regular meeting of the '•."^,<^
above association will be held at £2--**
hall. 320 Pest St.. THURSDAY. Aug-
ust 1, at 7:S0 p. m. AH members are request-
ed to be present, as amendments to the con-
stitution and by-laws and other important
business will come up for. consideration. By
order of the president.
L. TRAUNG. Recording Secretaiy.
HOISTING Engineers' Local 59. I. U. S. E.—
Fpecial meeting called for THURSDAY. Aug.
1. 1901, at Fraternal Hall, Shiels building, 32
O'Farrell st. 6 p. m. Urgent buslneas. . ..
E. 1IOLIN. Pres.
I. KINGSTON. -Rec. Sec.
COAL TEAMSTERS— A meeting will be held
at the Sailor Union Hall at 2 p. m., THIS
DAY. By order of
•- ••„." ¦'•¦:- 3. BLAKE. Pres.
J. McDERMOTT. Acting Pres. - .
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— Come
nnd see your friends at the Rebel Cork picnic,
SUNDAY NEXT. August 4. at Shell Mound
Park: everybody will be there: the gate and
pame prizes which have helped to give this
picnic the reputation which it now has will
*>xcel in value and number all previous ple-
r.ics- ?S50 alone In cash prizes; also a Domes-
tic sewing machine, value $75. which Is on
dipplay in the window of 1021 Market St.; a
union oand second to none will be in attend-
ance al the pavilicn, also first-class music
for reel and j!g dancing. Don't forget the
date. SUNDAY, August 4. 1901.
ANNUAL meeting — The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive "Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the RIsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for the election of trustee* for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting will be held at the office of the com-
panv, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
Fts.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the Bth
day of August. 1S01. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ACE\T« WASTED.
PERMANENT position for good salesman;
must earn over J10© monthly; ex-teacher. In-
surance or l>ook salesman preferred. Pacific
Newspaper Union. S27 Market et.. S.-F.
AGENTS— Do ycu Tvant something more' profit-
able- and easier to pell than books or Insur-
p.nce? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 41S. Parrott bldg.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUNKS. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ASPHA1/WM IIOOKIXG. I
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1C37.
ATTORXKVS AT UW.
ADVICE free ;divcrces private ;bankruptcy: col-
lections attachments; mortgages: bills of sale;
partnershipi=:dee<Js: wills drawn;fees low;operj
eves. THURSTON, 1008'i Mkt.. r. 4. op. oth.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 830 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. J.
3. EVANS. 14 McAllister St.. rooms 28-23.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. "W
VT. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Eir.ma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
I1OOK« SEW A\S OLD. <
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
UOAItUINt. I'Oll CHILUKEX.
YOUNG colored pirl would like to take care of
a child: $15: come home at night. 107 Bernard
et.. between Broadway and Pacific. oS Leav-
enwortii.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care: tlO up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
A GERMAN lady wishes children to board day
¦week or month: gunny yard. 439 Minna st.
HL'SIXUSS CHANCES.
A— 54EO— Candy store on Ellis St.: dally receipts
11 '"*---? 1111 -:
A— $27:0— BARROOM on Market St.. close to
Chronicle; daily receipts from $35 to J3S: rent
tlOO; a good business. Inquire R. TV. WILKE
26H- Kearny et. - - '
A-S600; SALOON. esUblished many years in
choicest businees part of this city; low rent-
invesUgate at once and you will find a first-
class paying business. Call R. G. "WILKE.
:S% Kearny st. ' • •
A— $1000; General merchandise store with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab-
lished many years and doing a splendid bust-'
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A— mo ; SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th
and Market sts.; net rent $22; rare chance;
bargain. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1500; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st. ; daily receipts from
$30 up; clearing about J400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1250; CORNER transfer saloon In the very
best location: established 10 years- rent J40-
death Jn family cause of sale and a great sac-
rtflce. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A-$1500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building-
come. InvesUgate »nd you will find a splen-
did Investment. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'A
Kearny et. ,^~7 ¦*- ..£.
100 CIGAR stands. 200 candy stores, S00 groce-
ries and bars, 400 saloons. COO bakeries COO
stores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call in and see what we can
offer. UALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; fine confectionery
and ice-cream store, with cigars: dally cash
business. $20; pop. 30.000; can be fully investi-
gated; owner going East; sold reasonably if
at once. MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market s"
CHANCE to acquire the best located candy
and Icecream parlors in the city; owner must
leave the Immediately; will take half
If value. Business Beard of Trade. 326 Pine.
A— FIRST-CLASS saloon located north of and
near Market st.; Rood business location; pres-
ent owner has other business and must eao-
rlflce. Apply box 4S27. Call offlce.
fKOO— SALOON and lodging-house ; city front-
best business location in the city. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777% Market st ; estab. 25 years.
FOB sale — Novel and useful patent:, a money
maker; a, bargain. Box 4545. Call offlce.
A— STEADY man with $200 cash can make $73
a, month. Apply at 209 Kearny st.. room i.
WANTED- An honest awl sober partner with
S3000 in an optical business; must either be
r.n optician or be able to attend to corre-
*l>ondinjr. etc.: cash receipts about $1500 to
S2000 per month. Address GEORGE J1AY-
SRLC. German Expert Optician, 1O71'.£ Mar-
ket Kt.. Kan Francisco.
FOR SALE-A. barrain; a small restaurant
with 25 steady boarders; can rent S living
rooms, furnished. -Apply at S23 Howard st;
KOR tale— Firet-class 40-can milk route: 2
horses and wagon; fine depot. Box 3718. Cal!.
GUN &. locksmith business & buildings for sale
Address S. F. Call Agent, Santa Cruz, Cal. '
FOR SALE — Cheep, grocery and bar and 4 beJ-
rooinfi. 1222 Natoma Et.
WANTED for cash on short notice— Groceries,
hardware, merchandise. U McAllister, r. 16.
CANDY, notion, stationery etorV;.ncar school.
CO6 McAllister *t. . : . , - /
GOOD paying restaurant- and lodginc-housf;
21 miles from city. Address box S943, Call.
6ALOOJC for rale' cheap 'or take a partner. ; 640
Commercial et.. near Kearny.
ntJSlKESS - CH ASCEsC-Cont'nnMl.ri
FOR sale^AcropoMs Choph'ouse. Sutro Heights;
low rent; doing good business; the owner
leaving foj; Europe. .-
*1200— A 1 Call agrency In a city near, San Fran-
Cisco. Bex S7.T5. Call oface.
A BRANCH olflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at WJo
Valencia, ft.
LODGING-HOUSKS FOIt SALE.
...HOTEL AND BAR.. •
70 room* fine country town
Clears T250; price $1SCO. DECKER; lOgOjMarkt.
I H. C. DECKER....: V.\—"~«c
1020 Market st., opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint .96.
I .!....26 Years in Business In This City
Offers for Sale an.l Exchange..... .....
100 rccmlng-liouses, 10 to TAO rms. $30 to 52j.COO
100 lodglns-houses. 6 to 6C0 rms.. $100 to. 20.000
43 flats, 3 to 12 rooms. $80 to...... "0
M private homes. G to ta rooms, $90 to... 2,000
31 boarding-houses. 10 to 100 rms., $350 to 10.000
20 hotels 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to 8.O..0
40 grocery Ftores. $400 to 6.000
20 candy stores. SCOO to 6.000
40 saloons. $400 to :... M00
10 cigar stores. 55C0 to 1.0 JO
CCO other busineFFes. all kinds. $100 to.. 20.000
100 vacant lots. $25 to ."'S™
75 houses and lots, everywhere. $600 to.. oO.OOu
5 chicken ranches, S400 to 1,700
50 ranches, everywhere. $300 to 14,000
..To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
S50 Market st. and E Stockton st.
Rooms 2L 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
€0 r. : rent $200: fine family hotel ...$6000
34 r.; cor.; rent $110; good fur. and carp.. 2300
25 r.; rent $110; residence, good, clrs. ?1CO.. 1900
Money loaned on deferred payments; l l i p. c.
20 r.: rent $75: new carp.: pt. housekpg... 1200
12 r.: rent $60: Al loc.: nice home 650
6 r.; rent $35; downtown; fur. & car. »?d... 350
Over 500 houses listed. Call -before buying.
ATTENTION Lodgins-house Keepers— 22 all
licht rooms,, corner Pacific and Powell: suit-
able Improvement for permanent tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
etc.: can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. M'COLGAN, 24 Montgom-
ery St., room 3. ¦ .
; . _^> !
MARION GRIFFUS", 719 Market, the real estate
agent.— Money fo loan— payable monthly or
yearly: no charge when you list your house
with me; call at offlce for list: here are. some
samples: 22 rooms, rent J23, clears $100, snap,
$800; 40 rooms, central, rent $100. see this house,
$1SOO; 16 rms.. rent ?50, 1 block Mkt., $6»0; 14
• rooms, rent $30. housekeeping, no work. $300.
FISHER & CO.. 93a Market st — ••
An elegant 11-room house; oak furniture;
only $250
A beautiful home on Van Ness; 14 boarders;
large Income: $1100.. ••
A 40-room house, richly furnished, clearing
$<00 per month: in the exclusive residential
center; cost $9000; now $7000.
~ ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house 1 in
the *-lty and pay for It
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house. • c
Varar.t houses furnished. •
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. Sr>0 Market.
WINSTOX & WOLF. 1026 Market St.
.-.. Telephone Jessie 2211
22 rooms; rent $:»; near Market.... $$00
1'5 rooms : .rent $75; N. of Market. 1350
IS rooms; "cheap rents: reduced to 1400
JS rooms; rent $50; clears $r.O J 800
TO rooms: Third St.: rent $60 950
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Eoston TJuslness Agency.
Everything thoroughly Investigated; a trial
-McBRIDE & CO 1016 Market st.
SELECT your homes from the largest list In
town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
to $50,000; hundreds to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. UVSCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
$750— LODGINGjHOl'SE, near Market st.; new.
good furniture. McLaughlln & Co., 777",-j Mkt
$330— LODGING-HOl'SE, 10 room.-, furnished.
S64'4 Mission Et.
BARGAIN— 10-room lodging-house furnished
complete: all full; rent cheap. Call 310 Sixth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions . has been established at 1036
Valencia et.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances=;
Sun., Tues., Fri., 8 p.m., DOc; you can speak
to your spirit frlend3 face to face and recog- :
nize them: Kive names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's ;
record medal at Paris Fair. 40S4 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkin -St. ¦
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business r:edium: life reader; exam-
ines ore:- oil locations: medical clairvoyant: ¦
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Goush: Ellis-
Ft. car; sit. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham,' spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty: clr. Sun.Wed-
and Fri. evenings. 38 McAllister st. (no sign).
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 23c seance Sunday and j
Thursday. S p. m. :. every one gets a test: pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde St., cor. Eddy. ;
MME. MAXWELL, spiritual meeting to-night:
convincing test readings daily. 1238 Howard
*t.. 8 p. m. ¦
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c.; Sun., Mon., Frl.
eves.. S:15; Wed. P.ft., 2:43; sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat. and Sun.' 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich.
Mme. Young's demonstration of spirit return
to-night, 605 McAllister. 10c: come, skeptics."
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; clr. Tues., Fri.. 8
p.m.; Wc-d.. 2:30 p.m., 10c: readings dally. 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3C5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: slttfnup dally; test to all to-nlght,10c.
EDWARD EARLE, "S2J Ellis-Readincs daily;
seance Sun.. Toes, and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601."
-¦-., CLAIRVOYANTS.
.mmbTmTbernard" '
THE FAMOUS j
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
.located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She !
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate do- ;
scriptlon of the past, reveals the present hap- I
penlngs and portrays events to occur In the fu- I
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un- !
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes- ;
tic. love or business troubles, consult this great :
medium and you will be told how to overcome i
them. Valuable advice in all, affairs of life; i
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. ' J
KNOW YOUR FUTURE. ~ ~ ~~~
Mme. Montague, clairvoyant and palmist,
Elves advice In all affairs of life; gives names,
facts, figures, with full predictions in all love
affairs: not one failure; letters answered. 116
Turk St.. flat 1. , :-\--r£ '
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Gold°n Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. ~~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on tlie Coast;
he succeeds when others fall: -permanently
located at J25 Turk st. : readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife: 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by- sympathy. 215V4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladle* 50c,
gents $l! palm." and clatr. sit.. $1 £0. 126 Turk.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist; horo-
scopes cast; lessons given, 50c; hours 11. to 1
and 4 to 6. 14S Sixth st, room 22. ' Vi*
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; - private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
UP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm- j
1st and reader of human destiny; never falls; j
26c nnd £0e. 1203 Mission St.. cor. Sth. j
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c. 777 Market St., room 18. '_
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken;tel.Howard 1846.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant. card reader:
ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth gt. ., / -...'
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, ,9a.m. to 8 p.m.; fiOc. 215 Leavenwnrth.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader.' from Louisiana;
only 10c. 2G2 Minna St.. ; near Fourth. ..'
Mrs.Mallonv*latrvoyant card reader; when oth-
. ers fail consult me; L". 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth. or no pay: iic. 1143. Mission.
MME. SCIIAFFHR. clairvoyant. . card reader;
sittings dally. 44S',4 Jessie St.. bet: Uh and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA rrads life fluently, business
advice: namw given: 25c up. S Fourth St.—
t CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns; Ingrown nails, warts; paln-
less cure: guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, -415 Sutter.'
PROF.StraEsburKer fromN. Y.,specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.X. Y. ; Chronicle big..' rm.'TS.
COTTAGES, TO^ LET.
FURNISHED or unfurnished. cottage, 5 rooms
and bath. Apply 2SI1 Bush st. ¦; .• * '¦¦_¦¦.
COTTAGE, 714 Florida st.; large yard and cel-
lar; near Twentieth; rent $9.
LOVELY tunny - cottage, S : rooms, bath; 'gar-
dens; yard. S5 Cumberland, nr. Dolores; $20.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXISG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor -work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
j ing Works. 353-357. Tehama St.; t?l. South 40.
-ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning- Co.. 402 Sutter St.";
tel. MaHn 391. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
BEATING, 3c: laying. 3c; renovating, 5c up;
| work guaranteed. T. R. Co.-; phone Scott-1310.'
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating. works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 2G3. .'
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave! ; . telephone East 126. , .
CITY - Steam 'Carpet-beating Works. • G." H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 3S-40 Sth st.: tel. South 250
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating . and " Reno-
vatlng Co/. 240 Fourteenth 6t.; tel. Mission 74.'
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TOK, 3 ' Eighth st. :' telephone Jessla 944.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
""bevtists., '
A-DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market street,"
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $3 up; a good metal plate. $13;
gold and porcelain ' crowns $5 to $10; ' teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st. t cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
• have your extractions done painlessly; tseth
without plates 'our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $i 60 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 'to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, .bridges,
and fillings ; extractions or fillings * by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prlce3
cheapest and guaranteed ;^ lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Et. --.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,'
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
war; anted.. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ¦ cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. C Eddy st. — "Work done
on weekly Installments'; lowest rates. .- -?
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. .
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days.. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. .
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building.
roolns 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South 381.
DUESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTHESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking^ Millinery SchooT^
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt >
atttention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. '
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
JS per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand -typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cra'l arithmetic, com'llaw,
penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALL.%GHER-MARSH College. Parrotf bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, figures: the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert. 220 Parcott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping:. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlrilng.mech.surl
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.-; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical apency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 123 O'Farrell st.'
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand. cost3 a ..onlx-$fi0. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1238 Market st. - -
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
High School students — The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German: pupil of Leinslc Conserva-
tory; lessons 73c and $1; 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 10?4 Mission, nr. 6th.
MART P. Westhaua, piano, mandolin.'' pultar
lessons. 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ELSCTBO-THERAPECTIC.
Electric-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Dtp. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. S Mason.
EXCHANGE.
HOUSE of 8 rooms, jnew. modern • Improve-
ments: corner lot: on Clinton ave.: $6500.
House of 5 rooms:, lot, size 100x140; will ex-
change for city property; a great bargain.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 ParklEt., Alameda.
EXCHANGE and sales office, 321 Phelan bldg.—
Send particulars of anything you have for ex-
change, pale or want; registration free; genu-
lne oil lands, gold, copper mines, ranches, etc.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. .
JAPANESE^ and Chinese "h^Ip~oTTir"kindT;
cooks. • waiters and house servants.' GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, 'Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment' office —
Best help. 411'i O'Farrell St.; tel.. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
ESIPLOYME.NT WAXTKD— FEMALK.
WOMAN with a child wants a position.
""A first-class Swedish laundress wants a
position in private family.
• A first-class Institution cook wants a
pcsltlon. " ¦
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. -
COMPETENT woman wishes a position at
general housework; city or country; moderate
wages: city reference; no postal cards an-
swered. 1055 Howard st. V
GIRL wishes general housework: no objection
to Berkeley or Oakland ; . best references
given; wages $20 per month. Apply at 224
Minna St., downstairs, near Third st.
AN experienced woman wants a place from 9
to 3 in lunch house, ' restaurant or boarding
house to wait or help In kitchen. Call, or
address 9 Tehama 8t.. near First. V
FIRST-CLASS German cook and • helper want
placas together in hotel, restaurant or boa id -
ing-house; best reference. 242 Natoma gt.,
basement. ' — ; '
POSITION : as • housekeeper by capable, neat,
elderly woman, experienced with children and
entire work of small family; wages S10 to $1G.
Call at 2G3 Stevenson 'et.
AMERICAN lady who is an excellent manager
i would, like a position of trust or "would go
as housekeeper. 726 Mission St. '
FIRST-CLASS . German cook wishes , situation
to do cooking in hotel or lunch house. * 417^4
Fifth st :¦ : , * . •-.'¦¦"
GIRL, 16, would like a place to assist with
housework. Apply at 68 : Serpentine -place,
above Douglass St.- , •!;;-- . " . •.- ' '
TWO women want work In same house; one as
rook, other as waitress or second work. Box
. 4561, Call. ¦'•...¦ ¦-¦...'¦¦. '¦ -x
LADY wishes a position doing general house-
work. Address 1407 Scott st.
YOUNG Irish girl wishes position to do gen-
eral Housework; wages $25 to $30. 1514 Howard.
INFANT'S nurse wishes position. Address 121S
., Twenty-sixth St., Oakland. • ' .
YOUNG woman, first-class : English :¦ cook;
wishes situation ln'small family where a sec-
ond girl is kept; ?Z5 upward. Box 2289.' Call,
. Oakland... - • ¦ " , , ". ":V J
VISITING governess to youns children; Eng-
lish' .branches; * music; experienced " teacher.
413% Oak st. ;•-.¦'¦•
DRESSMAKING done very . reasonable; also
¦ plain' sewing. - G01 Leavenworth - st.;- corner
: O'Farrell, room 8." . ". ,-¦-.; -'">';:.<.. -.-;,¦; Vvr.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as waitress or
chambermaid. Address 1667 Mission st. ". : v ¦;¦'-'
WINCHESTER -House. 44 Third ¦ St.. nr. Mar-
• ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; 51 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable;. free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦•;, •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
:. received at Call brnnch office. 2200 KUlmore St..
EMriiO V51 13 > T -' >VA> TK U—.UA LK.S y,
A' RELIABLE' man -and [wife /wish .to', take
charge and do the work in a small place in
'the country. or stock ranch; good references.
Address T. D., 1519 Howard St. .., •.¦¦"-. .';". ¦¦¦¦¦ ..-,--.
MARRIED ; couple, wife Al . cook c and " house-
keeper; ; man - good . waiter; ' handy with tools
and generally useful; country preferred: Box
4S16. Call offlce. . -' ¦ .-¦. . T ;
¦ HEI,r IWAKTED— FEMALE— Con.' *
ASSIS^ATlT^foreiadT^for ladies^ "underwear
.'••with - some., experience; steady / position.
BAUER BROS. & CO.; 21 Sansomest. , . : j
GIRL'" for general 'housework; "three adults;
references; wages $20 per month. 1904 Broad-
way. , -. . •'• ; v :y- ¦ • '.¦-> > i-.^^'
A LADY ; of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty.. F. - PERSON, .room 412. - Parrott . building.
WANTED^- Woman to do washing and .house- -
R cleaning two forenoons a week. v Address box
.4359, Call office.
WANTED— Operators on pants; good wages;
steady work. SELIG BROS., 108 Battery St.
WANTED— Finishers onipants; .good wages;
• steady work. SELIG. BROS., -108 Battery st
APPRENTICES In millinery store at 692. Mc-
- Allister St.; "first-class teaching. * '
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
1 o'clock 29Q1 California st. ¦ , .
WANTED— Girl for"* general . housework. .545
O'Farrell St.. after 10:30 a. m.\ ... -:-¦
EXPERIENCED saleslady for candy store.
_ ,658 Mission st. " . - !
LADY to assist light housework; good home.
. :Call after l'p. m. 116 Taylor st. -•.:-.¦:"•
GIRL • for general housework. 659 - Broderick
¦•¦ street.--: . -. - '.'- :'; ; :. •.'¦;¦¦.'¦.¦., \ -, ' ' -V
NEAT young girl to assist with baby. 1220A
; Alabama St., near Twenty-fourth.' - ' J
ASSISTANT dressmaker; none but good need
•". apply. ,629 Ellis St., "7 p.m. . -
WANTED— A good girl , for cooking and gen-
eral housework; gqod wages. Call 3601 Clay.
GIRL for general . housework and assist In
cooking. 622 Golden Gate ave. i . -
NEAT German girl in bakery. 108 Ninth st.
WANTED — Girl to assist In care of baby and
light housework. 723 Fulton st: .
EXPERIENCED /canners fbr fruit: steady
. work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co., ,425 Brannan 8t. ¦" " ; - "
WANTED immediately, .women .and girls to'
work on fruit: steady work: highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co.. 425 Bran-
nan : st:~-'- ...- : i'- :¦ '"'.«'¦¦¦: ..¦'.
¦'•¦¦'''. ••'.¦*• . ' ¦ .-.' »
.WANTED — "Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages: • Apply at FON-
: TANA BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
j Association, corner Francisco and Taylor sts.
¦WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
• steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California .Fruit Canners*
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts. '.
WANTED— Experienced operator on women's
wrappers; steady work; electric power;. good
pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st. >;;:>>:
WANTED— Girl to tend laundry office and
..assist in -laundry; wages $4 per . week. 114
. Hayes st. ' . ¦
EXPERIENCED waist hands; also apprentice
girls; paid while learning. JUDA BROS., 109
. Battery st. --¦•--¦¦. / ¦-¦¦-. -
"WANTED — Young lady to train for nurse; high
school graduate preferred. Apply bet. 6 and
7, 1609 Jackson st .
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply at
HALE BROS.', between 8 and 11 a. m.
GIRLS, men and boys wanted; Apply at
American Can Co., 'Ninth and Townsend sts.
NURSE wan ted — Good salary and steady situ-
ation: to suitable person. Inquire at Paclflo
Hebrew Home, Silver ave. and Mission st.
YOUNG woman for country, cook, wash, assist
with general housework; $20. 823 Turk st.
WANTED— Bright woman; good talker: for
first-class position. 1 Box 4524, Call office.
I EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
good pay. S.^F. M. Co.. 523 Market at.
i WANTED — Good girl for housework; nice easy
. place. 1008V6 Market St.. room 4. ¦ • -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions h? 3 been established at 1096
Valencia st. ; -'¦¦">•
. HELP W vNTED— MAXK.
A— MURRAY & REA* *.: ;...~l J hone Maln~5S48
Leading Employnuiu and Labor Agents.
.....Office open 7 a. m
6000 R. R. men. wanted.. Free Fare
Los-Angeles
S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work..........
Santa Barbara"..
Uklah .....:..... ?..
................Cal. N. W. R." R ...;.....'...
..."...: ckiati .•.......:....:...•..-...•
Santa Fe R. It. ••-•
75 teamsters, Uklah ....free fara
100 laborers. Uklah $2 day
50 steel, track and ballast men. Uklah; car-
load laborers. S. - P. R. R. Co.'s work, $1 73
. day;. 150 laborers, all divisions Santa Fe, free
fare.; :....."•....'.
FREE FARE................ FREE FARE
".....Ship Free, Morning, Noon and Night....
MECHANICAL HELP
Boss carpenter, see boss here, 9 a. m. to-
,day, $3 day and found; woodworkers coun-
try shops, $2 CO day. and $50 and found ; rough
\ carpenter, (2 50 dayp spool tender. $45 and
found; gang edgerman; bolt and rivet maker,
$3 day; 5 blacksmiths and helpers..
•*¦• LABORERS— TEAMSTERS .........
. 5 more laborers for a mine, $2 50 fare $60
50 laborers, Shasta County :..;.:;.. $67 50
New. work for an electric power company.. $25
Laborers. -no experience, long Job, $2 25 day;
. 50 E teamsters, Amador ¦ County, - $2 and $2 25
day; 15 graders, drillers and powder men,
$2 50 day; warehouseman, ranch, steady Job.
$40 and found; deckhand for a dredger $25; 5
deckhands, $40; 6 laborers to handle freight
$40; men to pile lumber, $3 and $4 day; 5
teamsters, .$3 and $4; day ..
FARMS— DAIRIES ....'..........'
"Working foreman, ranch, see bos3 : here ;
farmer and wife, $60; man and wife Small
orchard, Napa County, $40. see boss here; 15
farm and orchard hands. $26 and $30; 5 men
.to work In fruit. and dry yards, $30; 2 fork-
' ers. threshing machine. $3 day and found;
7 milkers. $30 and $35....
..;.:... BUTCHERS— HOTEL DEPT. ........
Steward for a club, country ..". $40
Chef cook, country, $60, see boss here ; ' butch-
¦ er, near city, .$25 to $30; young 'man to run
-" electric elevator, $20 and found ; . middle-aged
-.man. to drive street car, country; man to drive
bus; ¦< country hotel ; cook and wife, " country
hotel; 2 bakers' helpers, $25. and $30;: 7 cooks;
. 5 waiters, kitchen help; . ranch cook. . Mariti
County, $30 and found..: ..........;..„...
MURRAY ¦&, READY 634-636 Clay St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st-, near Call bldg. Phone Bush 403.
• . -*¦ Railroad Men. . - -—.""?"¦;
' - -. Uklah. ••¦ • . . •'¦-•'-!-•;".:.•
'• :..:.' . Coast Road. ... ¦" ¦ .
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara Divisions.
200 men for S; P. Co.'s own work..'.
• '...............:... $1 75 to $2 per day
¦ - ¦ Cal N. W.- R. R.^ Ukiah.
200 teamsters, Ukiah $2 per day
• Free fare .." Free fare ........ Free Fare
Wanted, 100 shovelers at ..$2 23 per day
¦ Large company's own 1 work. We guarantee
work until snow flies, • the very best of board
and fare advanced.- - . '
: 50 laborers .'.'.'......".'.$45 per. month andboard
50 laborers ............ $1 50 per day and board
6 laborers for new quarry........ $2 25 per day
Farmhand to take. change of men.... *:..'
............:.- $1 25 per . day ¦ and. board
Italian -foreman - and 50... laborers for largo
¦ ranch to top beets.'. ,
. Porter for rooming house..: $35 and room
MAN about place,. $25 to $30: farmers, $25 : and
$30; 'milkers," $30; 2 men and . wives. $40 and
¦ $60;. man for wood and coal yard, $3 to $2 25
day ; man to run electric ? elevator. $23 ; and •
found; flaundryman, $35< and found; 60 la-
borers. $4 and $5 day and board; laborers for
mine. $2 day,, fare advanced; 6 miners. $2 day
and board : carman I for mine and others. . S J.
F. : CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.y, : ; ¦
COOK. $40, and dishwasher;" same place. $20;
'-.hotel cook, '¦ country, $40; hotel. baker, :$40 to
• $43; • waiters, $25 : and $30: pot washers, dish-
washers; yardman and others." J. F.- CROS-
ETT &.CO.,'62S Sacramento st. . .
S F EMPLOYMENT Of flee...... 639 Clay st.
500 R.-R * men*.. ...;..;.. ..300 teamsters
".: •; ..:.. .SANTA FE ....' ......:...
..:..:::.,'...'.. santa Barbara ¦ -.
.:.......:.......'.:.. UKIAH, ....... ....:;...... T.
* : Free : fare ... . . . : Ship ¦ to-day t • .'. • • . Free fare
Construction work,' ship to-day, fare advanced
. 200. laborers ...: ¦.•.........¦..¦¦¦¦$2 25 a day
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12. 1
. Walters ; J country hotels ; >, $30, half fare.".';' .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' 1 International Union—
v Free : employment. — 927 Market st.v* room • 207.
¦I I.- LESS, .secretary; telephone Jessie • 1176.*
HOP PICKING— "Wanted, 2000 men, women and
V'chlldrenitoipick hops; pleasant work; crop
very 'heavy; easiest . picking; hop - dances
. nightly; good music;' good camping accom-
modations; tents rented , cheap :' wood - and -
plenty, good water : free. '. Groceries at city
':¦¦ prices; . stores,"&". bakery;. -and - postofflce':. on
ranch. ;1 Picking . commences , August J 12 fi at
. Horstville Ranch, % miles east of Wheatland,
' * on . Bear - River. ! ; Apply or ' address " "¦ P. - M.'
ROONE Y. '¦- Horstville, ¦ CaL , ¦ -. or ¦ HORST
BROTHERS, 122 Battery -St.. San Francisco.
BARBERS, notice— The members "of the ; State
¦i. Board of Barber] Examiners /Will" hold even-
'¦•¦-. ing, sessions . from '8 o'clock "until: 10 io' clock
"p. m.," for ' the purpose of issuing certificates.
* : Emma '-¦> Spreckels - bulldins:,' 927 : Market st.; J
> i room . 204. -.: P. V W.I DRAKE, i Secretary. ¦ , -;.;,-
WANTED -; Unmarried *f younjr man to take
charge \ of i ribbon - department ? In i a ; wholesale
'..house; state age & references. , Box 4556. Call.
WANTED — Young man ¦- aa stenoKroher -. and
• . typewriter.!, for railroad office/ 'Address box
¦¦'¦.4555,'<Call.';--'- : ". : /.. ."/'...V ¦ ¦ /¦ [', "-T ¦¦..".: >/- .
WANTED— An office boy about 16 years of age;
. ¦ one ¦ who 'has '¦ had -' experience and ' writes . a
good hand. - Address box 4558, " Call offlce.
, HELP WAKTED— JtALE— Con.
ATC. R. HANSEN &^6/S.^104 GEARY~ST.'
¦ Wanted— 500 men for new railroad work....
' Teamsters, laborers, ¦ - trackmen. spikers,
' strappers, section men, tunnclmen. rockmen.
drillers.- hammermen, stone masons and help-
ers and blacksmiths :
........For S.:P. and Santa Fe systems........
- :...-. And Cal.. and N. W. Ry at. .....
.-.. . Uklah ....: ."
Nevada
....."... Truckee
¦¦... .;;..;. Bakersfleld
Coast Road .:
: .....:...".. Chatsworth Park
............ Santa Barbara Division
Wages $1 75 to $4 a day
Free f are ....Ship to-day......... Free fare
For Great Northern R. R.— Washington.
200 laborers and teamsters .......... '..$2 a day
.' Board ?4 50 a week '.
..:... For Large Electrical Company ''.
200 laborers' ....:. $2 25 a day
......:....;....:. FARE PAID
For a Quarry ...::............. Railroad work
. 100 hammer and drill men $2 25 a day
-BO laborers .....:.....-.: ,.......$1 7a a day
I FREE FARE
Engineer 'and electrician. ?» and board; 6
¦ blacksmiths, country shops. $2 «> and $3 a
day- 50 laborers for sawmills and woods, $-6
to $30 fare paid; gang edgerman, country
sawmiil. $50 and board ; 6 milkers, country.
. J30; farmer and wlfa for orchard. $o0; dairy-
m& °'. .?!?' HOTEL - DEPARTMENT ..........
Second cookT restaurant, north $73; second
cook, cafe, south, $75; night cook city $60
SSSf.'SS- S^K^ Iree &e!
li^fa^'^Vo^dish^h^^:
chine, country hotel, $30 and * ree .. fare '
. kitchen hands and dishwashers, city and
country. $30 and $23; porter, country hotel.
R^HANlix^cb-^./^^'GearV-.UV
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy *$!£**'
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSOIt,
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Cash boys 14 years of age and over.
- Apply at HALS BROS. '
WANTED— Young man 16 to 18 years of age.
Apply at HALE BROS.
COATMAKER for country. . Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.." 24 Sutter gt. ¦
WANTED— Sole leather cutter and edge setter.
WENTWORTH-SWITZER SHOE CO.
WANTED-Intelligent youth for^ porter work;
state salary expected. Add, box 3714. Call.
EXPERIENCED boy to feed printing press.
306 California st. ; __ ' > '¦
WANTED— General blacksmith. Apply at 2445
Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. ' . \
PHOTOGRAPHER with small capital to Invest
as equal partner to travel. Box 4560. Call.
GOOD .dishwasher wanted at 1307 Market
street. '"*.. '
WANTED— Experienced grocery clerk, about 30
; years; unmarried. Apply 3893 Twenty-fourth.
"WANTED— Second cpok at New Golden Gate
Hotel, 134 Fourth sV /"-'¦
WANTED— Good man to press suits. A.
HULTEN. 118 Montgomery ave.
"WANTED — Good coatmaker; also pantsmaker.
635 Kearny st. / : ' .'
WANTED— A helper In restaurant. 113 Turk
- street. ¦ •*-
WANTED— At Master Bakers* Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st. -_
YOUNG mechanic ¦ with good knowledge of
S motors and able to invest few hundred dol-
lars wanted immediately; salary $100 monthly
to commence. Address box .4550, Call.
MEN. girls and beys wanted. Apply at
AMERICAN CAN CO.. 7th and ToWnsend sts.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesmen.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BARBER to work Saturdays and Sundays, or
Saturday evening and Sunday. 1205 Fillmore.
MEN to learn barber trade; positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated; wages while learning; more
.calls for our graduates than can be supplied;
call or write at once for free catalogue and.
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay St. .
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
Ies3 than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WAREHOUSEMEN, ' grain handlers and sack
sewers- are -hereby " notified to • remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9223.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week. "V?
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLf S.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
, G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
WANTED— Al pianist up In variety work; good
sfght reader. Box 4547. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
EBpERLY man to work on small place; small
wages. 1626 Devisadero. near . Sutter. .; ;
FOR SALE— Barber shop; must be sold at
once account of sickness. 2308 Howard st.
PANTS and -vest makers for country. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— Good barber: steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St., San Rafael. Tel. Red 15.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 5C0 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED — A good photographer and router.
Address box 4438. Call office. -
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
- 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. . , "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
t . . . — =5
MENTAL" and nervous diseases — A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium, 230 Douglass . St., San Francisco. ¦ -
MOUSES- AND "AVAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also warons, . buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales evei;- Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. - 721 Howard st. - - v -
$50— FINE buggy and harness. 130 Second ave.,
near California st. :
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale? cheap. 632 Mission.
HOUSES WANTED. .
HOKSES wanted to work on scraper Job; fcur
or five months' work. Apply at 28 Montgom-
ery *t.. room 25. ¦ > _
HOUSES TO LET.
A^P^IN^E^TlsT^h^u^eT^ToneTT^wJitoT^h^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &, CO., It Montgomery.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1736— Elegant sunny resi-
dence. 12 to 14 rooms and bath:- fine marina
view; large garden; heaters; 2 dancing halls.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly furnished or un-
furnlshed. ' Apply at premises. 1712 Bush st.
: FDRXISHED HOUSE»-gUBIJItBAy. -
FOR rent in Ross Valley— Completely furnished
modern house of 11 rooms and bath; "5 min-
utes' , walk from Ross station. Apply box 43.
Ross -station. '
, LOST AXU FOlim
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and I-oan Society of • San Francisco. In the
name of JAMES McELWAIN. No. 198-393. The
finder .will please return to ¦ bank.
$20 REWARD— Lost, satln-finlshed gold watch
and chain; initials J. W. Return "to store
1220 , Market st. : ¦ no questions asked.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel; suitable reward.
" 2517 Broadway. - • •
TEN dollars ¦ reward— Lost, bar pin; six dla-
'monds set; In scroll- work. Leave at HAM-
MERSMITH &¦ FIELD'S, 36 Kearny st.--""'-. 1
LOST — A white dog : answers to the name ot
Beauty. Liberal reward, 320 Taylor st.
LOST ; or mislaid , last , Friday near ferry, gray
overcoat and handbag containing shaving and
• toilet outfit. Liberal reward by returning to
454 Tenth at. - .-. :' - :. ¦;¦¦"-. ....
IT will payto "Remember", that the Calif or-
,. nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. .needs old
- gold to make new watch cases. -
"Wanted — Old gold and manufacturing-. 'O.'Nolte'
' Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.NEW TOBK^ July 31. — A dispatch from
Colon, Colombia. -say 8 that on Friday
night the revolutionists attacked .the
towns of Bohio, Gatun and Paraiso, took
the town officials prisoners and seized the
public funds. The dispatch also says that
the .revolutionists . killed a woman and
sacked the Chinese store&'ftanigmh
Revolutionists Attack Towns.
" BERLIN. July 31.— The Klein Journai
learns from the Turkish Navy Depart
ment, that" the Minister of Marine has de
cided not to order any more warships or
materials from Germapy because of the
attacks made upon the Sultan in the Ger
man newspapers ..and in consequence - of
the circulation of a false report that the
Turkish cruiser Ismir at Kiel . ha3 been
hypothecated. . ._ . ¦
German Comments i Offend Turkey.
ANGELS CAMP. July 31.— Fire started
at the home of John . Bugler . at Altavllle
at noon to-day and the house and con
tents were . destroyed. Mrs. Bugler went
into the burning house to save some
money there and was nearly caught under
falling timbers.
Woman Escapes From a Fire.
Demand for Salmon in Chile.
. PORTLAND, Or.. July 31.— Captain
Louis Palmer of • the Chilean navy ar
rived here to-day for the purpose of in
vestigating the salmon Industry with the
view of Introducing that fish into Chilean
waters. He states that he will send some
of the fish to Chile and establish hatch
eries as soon as practicable.
VALLEJO, July 31.— The railroad com
pany is about to divert much of Its traf
fic from the Port Costa-Benicia route to
a shorter routo running from ~ Rodeo to
"Vallejo. The, company will build slips at
Rodeo and South Vallejo and- the ferry
boat Transit will be brought up from
Oakland to carry trains "across the straits
from South Vallejo. The offices and
freight ' sheds wilt be removed to Nortb.
Vallejo, near the present depot, and the
railroad business will henceforth be trans
acted-there instead of at South Vallejo.
The trips to Georgia street wharf will be
abandoned and the £1 Capltan will be sent
away. .
Trains.
Slips to Be Built and the Ferry-Boa t
Transit to Carry the '
RAILROAD WIIX MAKE
SHOUT CUT NEAR VA1LE JO
SEATTLE, July 31.— At a point about
four miles above Selkirk is the big Patter
son logging camp. The logs are stored
for rafts in a convenient slough four or
five miles long, across the mouth of the
slough being stretched a heavy cable hold
ing a boom of heavy logs. . On July 19 the
boom gave way, liberating 400,000 . feet of
loose logs, which are now sailing Daw
sonward without let or hindrance. The
amount lost is about equal to four large
rafts, and valued at $35 per thousand, or
$14,000 in all. - .
Immediately upon the breaking of the
boom all the available men were drafted
into a salvage crew and herculean efforts
were made to stem the flood of logs flow
ing steadily into the open river. Twice at
the risk of life and limb was a line car
ried across the moving logs, but having
once started the moving ma3S of lumber
proved irresistible and snapped the lines
like twine. The men followed In ¦ boats
and a few logs have been made fast to
islands or turned into blind sloughs, but
most of tlie logs are divided and scattered
and are believed to be hopelessly beyond
reclaim. • The advisability of attempting
to bocm the Yukon has been discussed
and abandoned as Impracticable, owing
to the steamers, swift water and expense.
Afloat on the Northern
Waters.
LumberEqualto Four Immense Bafts
THOUSANDS OF LOGS
MENACE NAVIGATION
Oregon — Original — George W. Dunn.
Portland, $6; Harry W. Hicks, Ontario,
$6. Increase— Balys A. Wadsworth, Hale,
$12; James M. Thomaa, The Dalles, $10. ¦
Washington— Increase— Charles L. Mc-
Cord. .Fruitland, $6. "Widows— Harriet N.
Graham, Anacortes, $S. War with Spain-
Increase— William Hoepfel, Seattle, $3.
The following postmasters were ap
pointed: California— M. S. RowelL Isa
bella, Kern County, vice G. W. King, re
signed; E. R. Love, Palo Cedro, Shasta
County, vice E. O. Messinger. resigned;
H. C. McCoughey, Smiths Ranch, Sonoma
County, vice J. McCoughey. resigned.
Oregon — O. D. Tomlinson, North Powder,
Union County, vice H. Parker, removed.
Pensions were granted as follows: Call
forina — Original — George W. Heimer,
Santa. Monica, $6; Junius B. "Westgate.
Stockton, $6. Increase — Theodore "Weed,
Grizzly Flats, $12; Thomas W. Soule,
Broderick, $8; Daniel Buckley, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $10; Edward H. Ellis,
Veterans' Home, Napa, 510. Reissue —
John Williams. San Francisco, $12; Robert
Gamble, Oroville, $6. Widows— Julia Har
vey, Petaluma, $8;. A, Hira Calkins, Eu
reka, $12. Mexican War survivors—In
crease—William Bloom, Stalder. $12. J
WASHINGTON, July 31.— A postofflca
was established to-day Jn Oregon at Vos
burg. Tillamook County. J. Lawrence Voa
burg Is postmaster. Postoffice discon
tinued, August 31: Washington— Parker,
Yakima County, mail to Toppenish.
in Interior of California and
Oregon.
Several New Postmasters Appointed
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
The Charles D. Lane was formerly
called the Irrawaddy, and was purchased
in the winter of 1903 In New York -by the
Wild Goose Company, who placed her on
the Nome-Seattle run. First Officer Tom
Riley of the Lane, arriving on the Sena
tor, states that no blame can be placed
on Captain Ames, and says that they had
been running along in the fog for twenty
four - hours and the strong current set
them in on the rocks. It was very thick
at the time the steamer struck.
The story of the disaster reached Nonw
July 21 by a party of six men. Among
them were A. Rpbertson, a waiter on th<»
Lane, and J. E>. McKay of Seattle, who
was a passenger on the Steamer, togetr.er
with four others, also passengers. These
men left the wreck of the Lane on tile
morning of the 14th in the Vega. All of.
the Lane's passengers, forty-nine in num
ber, were transferred to the Vega on the
night the steamer was wrecked. Thire
was no confusion or disorder. The schoon- ,
er turned back for Nome on the morning
of the 14th at 7 o'clock. Some stores and
supplies were taken from the Lane -to the
Vaga. Water, however, was scarce.
The Lane left Nome July 11, and en
countered 'f ogrgy weather most of the trip.
She was running under a slow, bell when
she struck the island, and the Vega; being
In tow, also struck the ledge of rocka and
was somewhat damaged. The Vega made
considerable water, but It was kept dov«rn
by the pumps until the damage was re
paired.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., July 31.-
The steamship Senator, which arrived
here this evening, brings news that the
steamship Charles D. Lane Is a total
wreck on the west end of Nunivak island.
The Lane struck a rocky point on the Is
land at 11:30 o'clock on the night of Satur
day, Jaly 13. The passengers were all
saved and were taken on board the
sehooner Vega, which the Lane had in
tow.. :-.• T
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Passengers Ara Safely Trans- ;
ferred to a Towing
Schooner.
Steamship Charles D.
Lane Total Wreck
at Nunivak.
RUNS ASHORE
IN THE NIGHT
>THE SAN FEANO1SCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 1, 1901.
11
BIRCH ave., 12 — A nicely furnished front room
for one or two gentlemen; bath.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; a! so unfurnished.
BRADY, 39, off Market— 1 or 2 sunny unfur-
. .nished rooms; reasonable; private family." j
DIAMOND, -40— A lovely sunny front room; well
furnished; suitable for two.' > \ '
CLIFFORD. 204 , Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 106— Nicely furnished sunny suites; also
single rooms; reasonable. • ¦ • • :
11ABBIAGE ; LICENSES. , :
« The following \ marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ' \ ' • - - - _ .
Richard J.- White, " 33, 1045 Market street, and
Hannah Sullivan, 30, 339 Twelfth street. -,--
William N. Younsrman, 26, 1086 Howard
street, and Annie Asher, 21, 104 Dore street.
John CamDbell.' 28, 605 Pacific street, and
Bessie Wade,' 19, 505 Pacific street. -- ¦ - . :
William H. Funk, 25. city, and Alice V.
Montgomery, 18, city. ; . ¦- ;.-• ..'-•,- .«..?
> ' Lyster G. *• Reighley, •' 25, 3851 Twenty-first
Btjeet, and Annie E. Murray, 24, 425 Thir-
teenth 'street., • " * ¦ - ¦".' ' :
Frederick- E.r Harmon,- 23, 690 Hayes street,
and Emily Sadler, 22, 473 Jessie street.. "
> George- Stump, 30, city, and. Rebecca F.
Luse, 27, city. - '¦ --. ' • '¦•.,
Charles S. I*rlce. • 30, Salt Lake City,- ar.u
Marie Partridge, 20, ".lty.
Harry F. Roberts, 25, 108 Tehama street, and
Anna M. Heaney, 24, 108 Tehama street. : .
Albert M.Williarns, 24,- Auburn, and Johanna
Johansen, 19, . Benfcia.
Ralph H. Evans, 25, Merced, and Pearl ¦ M.
McCann, 22, city. ' -
'Henry B. -Williams, 24," 2125 Howard street,"
and Alice C. Wentworth, 23, 3183 Twenty-flrst.
Charles Kielhof er,: 26, city, and Anna M.
Dreyer, . 22, • city. . ' ¦
Paul S. ' Nielsen, 37, 1224 Folsom j street, and
Marie C Lassen. 29. 112 Wool street.
BIRTHS— MARRI&&ES- DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death : notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted.^ They must-ba handed
in at either of tfie publication offices and be
indorsed. with the, name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. : -
. BOBN. " •
CONEY— In this city, July 31, 1901, to the wife
.of Dr. David M. Coney, a daushter.
DUNPHY— In this city, July 23, 1901, to the
wife' of Peter Dunphy, a daughter.
LONDERMAN— July,- 20, 1901, to the Wife Of
John Londerman, a .son. ..
McGIBBEN— In this city/ July 30, 1901, to the
wife of Samuel J. McGibb»:i, a ton. v
McNEILL— In this city, July 31, 1901, to the
-.wife of -W.-W. McNeill, a son. . . . . . ,.
MORRIS— In Newman, Cal., July 28, 1901, to
the wife of Tulius Morris, a daughter. . ¦ '
MARBIED.
GRIME&t-SALISBURY— In Vallejo, Cal., July
27, 1901, 'by the Rev. Father Driscoll, Daniel
Grihies and Maud Salisbury.
HAINES— RUSSELL— In ' this city, July 31,
1901, by the Liev. S. D." Hutsinoiller, Alvin
D. Haines .and Ida E. Russell, both of San
Francisco. . -¦'-'---.. . > - '
JACOBSEN*rNIELSEN— In this city, July. 30,
1901, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Niels Ja-
cobsen and Nielslne B. Nielsen. \
KIELHOFER— DREYER— In this city, July
31, - 1001, by the Rev. S. 1>- Hutsinplller,
Charles Kielhof er and Anna M. Dreyer^ both
of San Francisco.
WILSON— LANDT— In this city, July 27, 1901.
by the Rev. - W. . M. Woodward, Robert A. .
Wilson and Inez P. .Landt.'.
DIED. I ~~
Bennett, Edward Lawrence, ex-Senator
Breed, Frank P. James H. • .
Buckley, Mary.- Londerman, . Amanda .'
Corcoran, Theresa . McCormlck, John -W.
Comaich. John Magulre, Catherin*
Fenchel, Gretchen Moore, Frances M.
Fischer, Emma O'Keefe, Mrs.' M.
Harvey, Lizzie \ O'Rielly, Patrick J.
Hauser, Annie M. ¦ Olsen, Anton
Hinkel, Selby W. O'Neal, Jessie J.
Joyce, Thomas : Schift, Elizabeth ¦
Kenna, John - Warden, Christie S3.
Kroger, Julius. . \\ ¦'•¦¦- ? ¦
BENNETT— In this city, July SO. 1901. Edward,
beloved son of the late Maurice ' and . Ellen
Bennett, and brother of John T. and Robert
W. Bennett and Mrs." Robert W. Barton, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 years 3
months and 11 days. ¦ ~ • ."
(CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, 1 from his late
residence, 1604 Bush street, l thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BREED— In this city, July 30,; 190L Frank P.
Breed, a native of Chautauqua County, New
York, aged 34 years. :
JCyFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral services at
the . Colonial . Hotel, corner Pine and Jones
streets, to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock. Re-'
mains to be sent East. ¦ .
BUCKLEY— In this city. . July 31. 1901. Mary,
beloved wife of Patrick Buckley, mother of
Mary Frances Buckley, sister of John and
Patrick Kellelier, Mrs. Bllyeu and the late
Mrs. Richard Ash, and niece of John Lyons,
a native of Ballyvaurney, County Cork, Ire-
land, aired 33 years.
ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St.' Patrick's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. ; Interment' Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.' '. ' . ' " „ - ..-> ,
CORCORAN — In" 'this city, "July :30, 1901,
Theresa, beloved daughter of Clotllde Cor-
coran, and beloved Bister of .-William. May
and Edna-. Corcoran, a native, of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 11 months and « days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 611% Greenwich, street, between
. Stockton and Dupont streets. ¦ Interment
Italian Cemetery, * San Mateo County. ; . -v,
FENCHEL— In this city, July 31. 1901, ¦ Gretchen
Fenchel, beloved * wife of Conrad Fenchel,
'mother of Arthur, Henry and Walter Fen-
chel, daughter of Mrs. Margareth Grieb. and
Bister of Mrs. L. Klahm, Mrs. K. Enge,
H«nry Grieb. Mrs. - M. Peck and Mrs. L.
Habelt, a. native of Hesssn, Germany, aged
34 years 6 months and 22 days. - . , ,
FISCHER— In this city, July 31, 1901. 'Emma,
beloved wife of Frank FiscMer, a native of
Germany, aged. 48 years 1 month and 5 days.
JC7 Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1127 Mission street, between Seventh
and ¦ Eighth. . .
HARVEY— In ; this city. July 31, 1901, Lizzie.
1 'beloved wife of Arthur Harvey, a native of
County Derry, Ireland.
HAUSER— In this city, . July • 31, 1901, Annie
M.. beloved dausfrter of George and Kath-
erlne Hauser. and sister of Mrs. C. Young,
Mrs. H. - Hunken and G«orge, Henry and
William Hauser and the late Mrs. Kate
Gauch, a native of San Francisco, , aered 28
year3 11 months and 15 days, t: - ¦ ' ,
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Frldey), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her narents, 1406 Railroad avenue, near
Sixteenth avenue, South San Francisco. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦
HINKEL— In this city. July 30. 1901, Selby
William, dearly • beloved and only -child of
Henry C, and Mamie Hinkel, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years and 5 months. . .
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully; invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2:3.0 o'clock, from the family
• residence, l£10 Devisadero street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
JOYCE— In this city, July 31, 1901, Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Joyce, father of
Patrick. Stephen and Michael Joyce. Mrs.
John McDonald , and the late Mary A. Cal-
laghan, and brother-in-law of Mrs. Barbra
Burns, a native of Clifton, County Galway,
Irelrrd, aged 63 years. . - ..
- (CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Fridcy). at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 14fi CJara street, j thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celabrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . .¦ .-...- • ;.
KENNA— In this city. July 31, 1901.; John, be-
loved r husband of Bridget Kenna, father of
Frank Kenna, brother of Patrick- and Frank
Kenna and Mrs. Brldgret McMurray,. and
uncle of John, Katie, Marparet, James, Pat-
rick, Annie and Nellie McMurray. a native
of County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 56 years.
(New York- papers nlease copy.)
ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitad to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 27 Brady street, thence to St: Jcsjph's
Church, where. a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for "the' repose of his soul, commenc-
ing 'at ' 9 • o'clock. Interment Holy, Cross^
Cemetery. .
KROGER— In this city, July 29, . 1901, Julius
Kroger, beloved ¦ son . of Captain Claus . F.
and Bertha Kroner, and brother of Fred C.
and George Kroger and Mrs. A. S. Archer,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances and members
of Olympus Parlor No. 189, -N.S. G. W., are
respectfully invited to attend the luneral
' to-day >¦ (Thursday), at- 2 o'clock, from the
• funeral parlors of Theodor DlerKa.. 357 Mls-
H EN R Y J. GALlIAGH ER CO. \
¦ <Succes?8or to Flannagan fc Gallaghsr.)
• "DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FITNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite ; Lincoln School. ¦ -
',. -' Telephone South .< 80. ";'•..,¦-
|"™"^^ugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.*
Funeral < Directors and Ernbalmera,
31 EDDY STREET. 4/ . .^,
.Telephone South' 252. > , SalT Francisco.
No Connection With Any Cither House.
£REMATIQN>
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
--'» Point Lobos ave., ; . P.. Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting ." burials In San
Francisco . after the first day of /August, , 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION.- Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less- harmful to the • living: than the
ashes' of their dead. : . . - - , .
Permits to cremate- will ..be r Issued by -th»
Board, of Health the same as heretofore.
«. .' , GEORGE R. FLETCHER., Manager. ,,
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.— Notice is hereby griyeri
¦. that- CHARLES H. JACOB of the J firm -¦ of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO., funeral direc-
tors and embalmers,- 318 • Mason street, ¦ has,
by ; . order . of . court, s- had his name changed
to CHARLES -. H.' J. j TRUMAN,", by •; reason
¦ of ' vh'.ch " the i. name • of - ¦ his ¦- firm - becomes
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN i & S CO. , . Under.
this name; he continues to do. business at the
same place.'; Telephone^ Main 5213.;'
EDDY, 210— Elegant parlor floor I suitable for
. doctor; also single and double rooms. .
ELLIS, 639. corner Larkin— Sunny furnished
room, folding bed; small room cheap. ¦ '
FOLSOM, 1293, corner Ninth— Sunny rooms;
¦ runlng water; $8 'and $5; adults.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1237. corner Gough — Two rooms, fur-
nished, suitable for light housekeeping. ¦• '
HAIGHT, 630— Nicely furnished sunny room,
with or without board, for 1 or 2 gentlemen. '
GRANT ave., 29— Has changed hands; nicely
furnished sunny suites; also single rqpms;
day. week, month..
HARRISON. 7"0. bet. Third and Fourth-Nice
sunny front room, 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reas.
MINNA. 657, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient. ••
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newiy
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
NEAT furnished front room with gas, hot and
cold water; large closet; grate; suitable for
two. 513 McAllister st. -
MARKET, 1035— Front suite; (suitable for me-
dium or magnetic healer.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521— Two large rooms; hot
and cold water; large yard.
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing-; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-clajs;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week- or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
medium-sized room for gent; reasonable; ref.
NEWLY and elegantly furnished rooms - In
gore building, cor. Market and Van Ness
ave.; gentlemen preferred; references.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, 1911. near Jackson— 3 unfurnished
rooms. -' .
POWELL, 508—2 sunny unfurnished rooms In
basement; kitchen; private family; refs.; $15.
8COTT, 1219. near Ellis— 2 large unfurnished
sunny rooms. - • • .
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. Z9- Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE CECILENB, 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelor's apartments: elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms; references.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kona Coffee
j ' ¥. h e impression prevails
that only cheap coffee grows
on the Hawaiian Islands.
No Jiner coffee is produced
anywhere in the world.
Hawaiian Hilo Kona
Best transplanted Javabcrry Kona.
Roast or ground 4Oc lb.," 1 Its.* 75c."
Choicest Kona Pea Berry
. Selected from original Kona, ; i^-'.-
Roast or ground 4Oc. lb., 2 lbs. 75c.
Capt. Cook Coffee Co. Kona
¦ Famous original Kona, cultivated. .
I Roast or ground 35c' lb., 3 lbs. $1
Prime Hamakua Kona
Fine 3-year-dd mellow coffee. • ¦
' Roast or ground 3Oc. lb., 3^3 lbs. $1.
Oahu Plantation Kona
. Good flavored selected small berry.
Roast or ground 25c. lb., 4 lbs. $i.
$2 purchases" sent free IOO miles.
We. serve afternoons Capt. Cook Kona.
1143 Market St. bet 7 &&Telphone Mint 761
/ OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers l«av« Broadway
b^ Wharf, San Francisco:
KBfc_^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
¥BR$ftS*. July 15, 20. 25, 30. August ¦*.
! lfSi?£2rafc. Change to company's steam-
¦ Pv «" s at Seattle.
1 i«SnH| For Victoria.. Vancouver (B.
I MwSsCSefilii C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
1 r^3QK§Stfi:i1 Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
•*- and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. July 15. 20, 25. 30, j
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers tor
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
- for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. 16, 21. K. 31. Aug. 5. and every fifth
\^or San a Dteso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara "Port Los Anseles and Bedondo (Los An-
eeles)— Steamer Sant* Bosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
steamer State of California. Wednesdays, 9
a Vor' Los Ansreles. calling . : at -Santa Crujt
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. 'Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer
Corona. Saturdays, 9 a. m.: steamer Bonita,
Tuesdays, 9 a. m. ¦
For Ensenada. Ma^dalena Bay. San Jo*e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
For "further Information, obtain company's
The company reserves the rlsrht to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours Of sailing:
without nrevious notice.
TICKKT OVKICE— 4 New Montgomery
s trf>»t <V* \p. ce Hotel). ¦ ¦". - • -
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
O- R. & /V. CO,
Only Stftnmohip Xj1x&« «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rnil Lino from Portland to : *11
points East. Thron«*h f liJcet* to all
pcintft. i»tt rr>V <-•• «te*»Tn«*»f»» nrfi pail, a!
' LOWEST OR.-A/X'SSS.
STEAMER TIGKET3 IHOIiTTOS BERTH »aJ MEAL"}.
SS. COLUMBIA..
- Sails Auff. 1. 11. JL 3L Sept. 10, 20. 30
ss. geo. w.' elder ....::.......:.....
-. Sails Auk. 6. IS. 26. Sept. 5. 13. 23
P.W.HrrCHCOCK.GEX.Agt..lMontgm'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
:inw ro~K. scu~fiF«M?TOs. io^don. -pabis.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbo^gd. "
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St Paul. .....August 7 St. Paul...... August 28
St. Louis August 14 St. Lcuis Sept. 4
! Philadelphia.. August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
RED STAR 'LINE. .
New York and Antwem.
! From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon. \
1 •Vaderland ..August 71 Frlesland '....August 2S
Kensington ..August 14 South-w-»rk Sept. -4
•Zeeland August 3l|«VaderIand .....Sept. 11
•Stop at Cherbourg, ea^tbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery «t.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ni»r First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, cilllns at
Kobe fHlogo).- Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at H--mg.kong with- steamers for
India, etc. . No cargo received - on beard on
day 6f sailing. ¦ .
SS. AMERICA MARK... Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
S3. HONGKONG MA'RU......
.."VTednpf'day. September ?. 1901
fcS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. IS01
Round-trip tickets .At reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's oulce,
\l\ Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVKRY. General Agent.
fi. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
• Zealand and Aas Thurs.. Aug. 1. 10 a. m.
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti... ........... -
Tuesdav, August 8, 10 a. m.
S.-S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu. •
Saturday. August 10. I p. m.
J. D. SPRECXELS t EJROS. CO , Bsneral Agtnts. 727 Varin! St
f.sn'l Passangar OtSts, E43 Mar'nat St., fiar lo. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICAN A OS VAPOR ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, - Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m. - , ¦ ' •
ACONCAODA v Aug. 6|GTJATKMALA...Aug. 33
PERU ..Aug. MJPAT.ENA Sept. 4
i These steamers are built expressly tor Cen-
tral and South American passenger nervlc*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlcr. 316 California street.
BALFOT7K. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. ;
C0M?*AQNIB GENERAL'S TBAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, --ju^.
Sailir.K every Thursday. Instead of j&FWjnk
Saturday, at 30 a. m.. from pier 42, « JvUKait
North River, foot of Morton street : La Gas-
cognf\\ August S; *L'Aquitaine, August 15; La
Normandie, August 22; La Bretagne, August 29.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 -Broadway <Hu<Jsnn'. building). New
York. J. • F. FUGAZI * CO.; Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. :
"• *Twir. Screw Express- Steamers.
llpplliii
TO NEW aYORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
. Cabin. $10o; Steerase; $40; Meals «Fre«.
6. S. Argyll wiils Won ' WT ' Au$. 12
S. »S. Lcelnnnw »«niU Monday, Aw 4.' 26
S. S. Arftyl? snl » Tuesday. Sept. 24
' From Steuart street at 2 p. m. ' - - • •
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
'; -F.F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. ' y; ~
B I AY. f: AND El VER STEAMESSL . "=
'Steamers GEN. FRI3BIE orMONTICELLO,.
8:45 a.' m.. 3:15 and S:31 p. r»., except " Sun-
day. : Sunday. ¦„ 8:45 • «. xn.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 1 a.,ra.r. 52:30/ noon. S p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7. a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 51
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and of-
Cfg.' !»<>«• »¦ 'Ml.»lor.«t d~>k ; HATCH BROa..
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
sion street, -between Fifth and .Sixth. Inter-
f" ment Odd -Fellows' Cemetery. ,-.: «
LAWRENCE— Passea away on July 29, 1901,
ex-Senator James Henry, beloved husband of
Mary V. Lawrence, father of Constance V.
Lawrence, and / brother of . Mrs. . Wllllm II.
Coffin, a native of Pepperell,,Mass., aged 70
years. 1 . •-¦ ' '. .'*--'¦-• .'.¦¦¦'.•• :,;¦'.'
ibrpriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited I to attend , the funeral to-day
. (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from •; St. John's
Church, corner of ; California and", Octavia
streets. - Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
sldio. Kindly omit flowers, , :
LONDERMAN— In ' Elmhurst, July St"J 1901,
I Amanda . Wilhimina, beloved wife of John.
. Londerman, and mother of David Londer-
man, a, native of Germany, aged 26 years 3
months and 27 days. ' .'..„. -'" •'
McCORMICK— In this city, July 31, 1901, John
AVilliam, beloved son of James and Kate Mc-
Cormick, and - brother of R.' Christobal. C.
Irene and. A. Ruth McCormlck. a native of
S San . Francisco,' aged 9 months and 3 days.
• ETTuneral to-day (Thursday), at 10
• o'clock, from :the "residence of 'hts •parents,
417. Fremont street. Interment private. Holy
" Cross Cemetery. . a
MAGUIRE— In- this city, July 30, 1901, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John Ma-
guire, and mother, of John and Mary Ma-
guirc and the late Mrs.- James McElwaln, a
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged . «7
- years. • . • . •¦• ; . . ¦' - - - :,.- - ¦ ¦. " ' '
fCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,-. 17171,4 Mission street, thence to St.
- Charles Borromeo's Church, where a. rer
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose cf her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cros3 " Cemetery. . .
MOORE— In this city, July 30, 1901, Frances'
Matilda, beloved wife of ' the ' late Thomas
Jefferson Moore, and mother > of Mrs. M. E.
Laud en, Mrs. M. C. Lambert, Mrs. Dr. C.
O.-' Perkins, Mrs. Julia Anderson, Mrs.'
"Frances" M. Edgar, Mrs. Amelia Gabriel ¦
and Jerome, Thomas and Worthington Moore,
¦ a native of North - Carolina, aged 82 years
-and 10 months. (Chico, Cal., papers please
copy.) : . ' •
' EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Pres-
- byterian church, Chico, Butte County, Cal. j
Remains at the residence of M. E. Lauden,
42C0 Twenty-third street. . ,
O'RIELLT— In this city, July 29,-1901. Patrick
J. O'Rielly, a native of County Fermanah,
• Ireland, • aged EO years. • • . ¦
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully ¦ invited to attend the . funeral , to-day j
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors !
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street, j
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services;
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment'Holy Cross Ceme- i
tery by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. /
O'KEEFE— In San Jose, July 31, 1901, Mrs.
Marge ret O'Keefe, a native of Ireland, aged
72 years. v- " ¦ . ¦.-*-
OLSEN— In .this city, July 30, 1901, Anton
Olsen, a native of Sweden, aged 28 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Friday). . at 2 o'clock, from the;
funeral Darlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth- and Sixth.. Inter-
ment Laurel H1U Cemetery. :;:•;•>- «.
O'NEAL— At Bartlett Springs, -Cal., July 12,
1901, Jessie Jeanette, beloved daughter of
Robert and Emma O'Neal, and only sister
of R. Me W. O'Neal, aged 19 years 9 months
and ' 12 days. (San Francisco papers please
copy.) -. . . . ¦
SCHIFF— In this city. July 30, 1901, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Bernhard Schlff, mother of
Florence M. Schlff. daughter of Harry and
Mary Ferguson, and sister of Harry Jr. and
Budd Fereuson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 -years and 13 days. -
C^Remaino at the parlors of . H. F. Suhr
& Co.,- 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. ¦ - - . - - ' -.
WARDEN— In this city. July 30. 1901, Chris -
tie E., beloved daughter of Mary A. Grant
and the late William H. Warden, and sister
of Florence A., Elizabeth M. and the late
Charles H. -Warden, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years 5 months and 26 days.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ' 856 Fell street, between Fillmore and
Steiner. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
' CARD OF THANKS.
Mrs. A. Joubert wishes to exDress her
heartfelt thanks to all of her friends^ mem-
bers of -Perseverance Grove No.' 10, A. O.
U. D., and employes of the Thomas 'Dyeing
Works, who . so kindly attended to the • fu-
neral of her late beloved husband, Martin
Joubert.
Florisf Co.
V - /I ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
.Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.N^EaiS ffff 5056
K-EAi, ESTAfTE TRANSACTIONS.
Elixabeth Koopman to Charles S. and Ida M.
Osborn. lot commencing 70 W of Franklin street
and 59:4V4 S of Austin avenue, W 25 by S 7%
inches; $10. . -. : ¦ . - ....
Henry P. and Therese 'Conrady to Samuel
Garber, lot on N line of Hayes street, 95 E of
Steiner, E 25 by N 137:6; $13.'.
Acme Building and Loan Association to
Emanuels Church of the Evangelical Associa-
tion of North - America, lot on W line of Guer-
rero street. 80 S of Fifteenth, S 23 by.W 1C0;
$4500. -
John D. and Jessie ¦ Cardlnell to - Delevan B.
Bowley, lot on S line of. Hancock street, 273 E
of Noe, E SO by S 114; $100. . •
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Harvey B.
Kllbourn, lot on W. line of Noe street, 100 N of
Eighteenth, N 25 by W 125; $10.
Mary L. and Fred J. Rothganger to Bern-
hard Peterson, lot on W line of Potrero avenue,
146 S of Twentieth street. S 24 by W 100; $10.
Samuel L. Foster to Marion B. Foster, lot en
N line of Twenty-sixth street, 223 E of- Hoff-
man avenue, E 100, N to Crocker avenue, W to
a point, thence to point of beginning; also lot
on E line of Chattanooga street, 130 N of Twen-
ty-third, N- 32:6 by E117:6; gift.
Mary McAdoo (single) to James A. McAdoo,
lot on N lino of Twenty-fifth street, 80 E of
Castro, E 30 by N 114; $10.
Bernhard Shaw, Grace E. or Emma G. Coatcs,
Flora or Flora E. Short and Henry Shaw to
Churchill .Taylor, lot on S line of Bush street,
158 W of Stockton. W 20 by S 57:6; $10.
Hugh and Bridget Boylan to Rosa Frey, lot
on NW line of Natoma street, 150 NE of Sev-
enth, NE £5 by NW 75: $10.
Pacific Paving Company to Kate McKeany, lot
on N line of Twentieth (Napa) street, 148 W of
Hampshire. ,W 24 by N 92: $10. .-
Gustaf Lindquist to *Patrick . and Elizabeth
Gilgun, lot on W line of i San Bruno avenue
(Nebraska street). 127:2^4 N of . Nineteenth
(Butte) street. N 26 by W 100. quitclaim deed;
Si. - m -¦¦ - ¦ ' -<¦¦- ¦ ¦ .:.¦--.
City . and County of San Francisco to Frank
W. McEwen, lot on NE corner of Texas and
I Mariposa streets, E 75, N 100, W 44, SW 85, S
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern
Pacific. Company, lot on: SW cdnner of Army
(Colusa) street and Pennsylvania avenue, W
ICO *v S B0; $10. :
Albert W. Lehrke to AH. Payson (trustee),
lot on NE corner of Nineteenth (Butte) and
Minnesota streets, N 60 by E 100; $10.- — -
Same to same, lot, on E line of Minnesota
street, 125 S of Eighteenth (Solano), S 60 by E
100; ?10. --
• M. E. Barrett to J. E. Carne, lot on NE cor-
ner of Clement street and Thirty-second avenue,
N 100 by E 32:6; $10. .
- Georj* F. Lyon to Florence M.. Johnson (wife
of A. E.), lot on W line of Ninth avenue,- 1C0 \
N of K street, N 23 by W 120; $10. .
James L. Best to John F. Mellon, lot on'NE '.
corner of Twenty-fifth avenue and R street. I
E 22:6 by N 100; $10. , . , j
Sarah E. TIbbits to James W. and Anna 'i
Kinsman, lot on W line of First avenue, 142:6
5 of United States Presidio Reservation, S 13
by W 120: $10. ' . . ' j
John Flood to' Sarah K. and May Flood, lots
29 and SO, Cobb Tract: also lot on NE line of
Eighteenth avenue, 25 PE of R street, SE 25 by
NE 100, block 43, Haley Tract; also interest in
estates of Ktte/ Frank H. and George Flood,
deceased; sift. ' • - - . ? ¦¦•
Gertlfe E. and F. G. Head to Isaac Citron, :
lots 573 and 573, Gift Map 3; $10. . \ ¦ ., ¦
Builders' Contracts.
San Francisco Fish ; Curing Company (own-
ers) .with J. T. Mabey (contractor), architect
. : All work for a one-story frame shed on
SE corner of Powell and Bay streets, 36 on
Bay by 160 on Powell; $2125. ...
A. Vf. Pattianl (owner) with Chllds, Pierson
6 Co. (contractors), - architects • A. W. • PattlanI
& Co. — Brickwork, . setting granite and terra
cotta, setting ~ iron, except first story steel
beams, v for a ; six-story and basement . brick
building. (Hotel Atlanta) on N line of Ellis
street. 197 W of Jones., W 38 by N. 120; $9340.
— « ? ¦ . - -.
"• . CALL CALENDAR.
August, 190L :
S. M. T. W. T. F. S. ¦ Moon's Phases""
~—~~~~ T~~T 7? August 6. v
__ . 'J—L 1 ! **- Last Quarter.
LL -L -— — —.—- JOL (SS August 14. «
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 New Moon. ;
¦ — -jk - August 21, :- '-'
•8 J0_ Jl^ _22_ J3_ 2±_ 9 First Quarter. "
,23~ 26 27 2S 20 30 31 f^\ August 29, S
— I— [— —| — W Full Moon. '¦ '
; Clerks' Appointments Delayed.
: Because , Tax Collector Scott refuses "to
give Auditor; Wells ' a "clear , receipt for
the books the assessment roll
the last named official' will not turn^ them
over ; to ; Scott : until October and the ,ap- '
pointment % of ¦ fifty-nine • extra tax clerks
may be delayed until -then. < The figures
on the books will be finished in a few days
and' it was -Scott's -intention to" put thd
clerk^ to worki making out, the billcjwhich
arenow on the way from "the 1 East. ~ The
Auditor I wanted : Scott ' to , be '; responsible
for .'. the* correctness of, the , figures | should
he give them to him, in advance,- but Scott
refused. ¦ ,",¦"'•¦¦'. ,.' ¦". :. .
, Bad luck is usually the first thing, that
comes to -the --man iwho waits. / .'
TURK, 543— Sunny room on parlor floor;- run-
ning water, ras and bath; $2 25 per week.
WELLINGTON. 75 3d— Nicely furnished rooms;
modern improvements; rooms $1 50 week up.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland; unsurpassed family table, 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor. Twelfth «t.,
third flat. Oakland.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern: sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181:
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA," 807— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel ;exceptlonal table ;attractlve rms.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms. single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief, for
Ladies" In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
BAD tenants ejected for Si; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 413 Montgomery st., rooms 8-10, tel. 55S0.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45, 145 Sixth
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Black 1124, 205 4th.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMNTS.
BERKELEY RBAIr ESTATE.
BARGAIN— S-room, high .basement, ... modern
cottage, near car line and station; barn and
chicken houses; large lot; fenced and cross-
fenced; rood location; price $1160; $150 cash,
b&lance $12 50 monthly. Why pay rent, when
you can own your own place by payments
Fame as rent; take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin station. HOME REALTY CO., former-
ly. Rudolph, Perkins & Lyon. .
$750 will buy S-room cottage with high base-
ment and brick foundation, city water, etc.:
lot 45x100; all fenced; convenient to station,
electric cars, Bchool, church and stores; only
$100 cash, balance $10 per month; bank loaned
$700 on this property; this is a genuine snap;
take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station.
HOME REALTY CO., formerly Rudolph, Per-
klns&Lyon. - ' : -- :¦ ¦ '
COME and select one of our choice lots, cen-
trally located and good neighborhood; prices
range from $350 up; choose your lot and we
will build for you, according to your own
plans, and arrange payments same as rent;
take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station;
:> open Sundays. HOME REALTY CO., former-
ly Rudolph. Perkins Sc Lyon.
?S00— OR $100 cash, bal. $12 per month; four
rooms; rustic, barn; lot 40x136; well and
pump. W. C. MORAN & CP. ¦
$2500— $100 CASH. bal. $18 per month; S rooms
and basement; fine brick foundation; sewer
and water connected; will trade for a ranch
of equal value. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4000— NEW S-rpom liouse, with every modern
Improvement:' corner lot; 50x125; on 100- foot
street. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000— $200 CASH, balance $20 per month:
cheaper than rent; one block to train and
ca:s; porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary
tubs: fine mantel and sideboard; tinted walls;
C large rooms; at Golden Gate, Lorin, Ashby
and North Berkeley. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$500— LOTS In the Wheeler Tract; finest view
In Berkeley. Just north of the U. C. grounds;
see the new houses going up in this tract. W.
C. MORAN &-CO. _^
150 ACRE lots; will double inside of a year.
W. C. MORAN & CO..
Lorin Station and Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
FOR sale — In Berkeley, near university. 6 new
modern houses; small payment down, balance
same as rent; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees -on every lot; house ready to move into;
¦water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures: shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; 6. 7 and 8 rooms; from $2600 up; grand
marine view; cement walks; porcelain tubs;
2 closets and fences. M. L. WU.RTS,
Seventeenth st- and Broadway. Oakland.
NO. 202— $3100; New 7-room Colonial house; J
blocks from locaL
No. 206— $6300; 12-room house; finely located
lot 60x159.
No. 10S — $3500; 9-room house; south front:
lot 50x130; owner out of town; property must
be sold: an offer wanted.
No. 194 — $7750; 10-rooms; south front; large
lot; on Bancroft way.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance,
Opposite First National Bank.
NEW S-room house; brick foundation; all mod-
ern plumbing; lot 40x100; S minutes' walk
from station and 6 minutes' from electric car
line; price $2400: $100 down, balance on easy
terms. JNO. R. PERKINS, real estate,
Lorin eta., Berkeley.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for' $1,
postage paid. .•
BERKELEY ROOMS.
NEAR CARS— Two nice, sunny suites of fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping or will
rent rooms with board; terms reasonable. Call
1734 Delaware Et.. near Grant. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3500 PROPERTY^Our price $2400; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 40x120; No. 1 neighborhood; near
cars, schools and business centers; street
work all complete; $500 cash; balance bank
mortgage; owner non-resident and must sell;
first come first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO., ¦
¦ 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. -
$11,000— FINE flats; cost $16,000; only 5 blocks
from business centers and fronting on public
square; now pajing 10 per cent; they are new
and up-to-date and always occupied; owner
must eell. ¦•¦--. . .
J. S. MYERS & CO.. •
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. .
$3700— ACTUAL cash value. $5000; 62 feet front-
age; 8 rooms and bath; barn; splendid water
supply on premises; an ideal home; near busi-
ness centers; mortgage $2700. which can re-
main at the bank; must be sold this week; no
reasonable offer refused.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. ¦
$3250 — THE handsomest new house ever con-
structed for sale in this city; space too expen-
sive to extoll all of its charming qualities as
to location, construction, etc.; any one wish-
Ing to buy a home on easy terms can get a
bargain; -It is only necessary to see the prop-
erty to be convinced of its charming -quali-
ties and the low price asked for the property. !
The owner will make very easy terms to the
buyer who means business.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$175 CASH. $9 monthly: % acre, more or less. I
with a rustic cottage of 3 rooms; chicken-
house, shed, etc. ; nice assortment of full-bear-
ing fruit trees; fine living spring; city water
in house; 6-foot racket fence, trees and shrub-
bery; fine soil; no fogs or raw winds; nicely
sheltered; iust the spot for chicken-raising;
price $900 In all; two blocks from electric car
line; 9 minutes' walk to local train, S. F. ;
near 2 fine school-houses and 2 churches; ad- i
joining East Oakland. ¦ Call or send for circu- ,
lar. 4."3 Seventh st.. opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
$2300— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand new
home of 6 fine large sunny rooms, with por-
celain bath and sink; elevated lot; 40x150 feet :
(note the size) ; near Grove st. ; street work
all done; a pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice, i
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. -
OAKUM) HOUSES TO LET.
10 ROOMS near Lake Merritt: furnished or un-
furnished; modern: reasonable. THE Me- i
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND FUK.MTUKE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
B^^ADWAY/7lO^412— The m^ost^elegantly^fur^
nished sunny rms. in locality; single & nkpg;
rents reasonable.; first-class attention.
CASTRO, 429, nr. 17th— 2 housekeeping rolms,
furnished complete; private entrance; cheap.
EDDY, 933 — 4 unfurnished sunny rooms; pri-
vate residence; no children; fine location.
EDDY, 939— Unfurnished handsome double par-
lors, hall room, kitchen; no children. • Vj? M'
ELLIS. 1327—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping. - - -
ESSEX, 12 (Rincon Hlli)— Large sunny house-
keeping rooms; also single room; cheap.
FIFTH, 353 — Two furnished housekeeping, $10;
three. $20. with bath; also single, $5 up a mo.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 403—4 rooms on parlor;
complete; also large alcove and kitchen.
HOWARD. 761 «4— Nicely furnished bay-window
room -with kitchen; others; reasonable.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front basement suite; fur-
nished or unfurnished; alao furnished sunny
suite; $16. ...
LAGUNA, 902 — 3 sunny furnished front rooms,
each suitable for 2; 2 housekeeping cheap.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front, $10; 2 house-
keeping rooms, $10; single room, $4.
MARTHA place, 3. off Geary, between Mason
and - Taylor — 2 •housekeeping rooms; every
convenience; bath. • -¦'-":':
MCALLISTER, 2OOO, cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
rms., furnished for. housekeeping; pink; $10.
OAK. , 119 — Large sunny front room; furnished ;
housekeeping; stove; closet; $10; - basement
room; yard; $6.
POLK. 10C2— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
TURK. 525 — Chicago style; fine new two and
three room suites for housekeeping; 1 unfur.
and fur.; elec. lights; hot water; janitor.
VALENCIA, 1232—2 sunny rooms, furnished "for
' light housekpg; reasonable; gas; bathtubs.
WALLER. 210 — Unfurnished, for housekeeping,
.beautiful suite of sunny parlors; lavatory,
hot and cold water, - bath, gas, grate and
grand view; also sunny bedroom. - :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2100 Flllroore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia «t. . . :
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent - to any , address in the
_ United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
Van Ness ave., 712 — Alcove & bay-window rms. ;
sun all day; running water; choice table.;
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 18<0; shipping at cut rates. ~
PIERCE-KUDOLPH Storage and . Moving: Co.,
office Post and Powell Bts. ; teL Main 5713. ,¦
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941 F. W. ZEHFUSS.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
KENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
* and have your work in sight. CUTTEH
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^AROAINS IN^YPiEwitfrER^S^We
BfclJ better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 568.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust:
all makes; used machines $10 up. 203 Sansome.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 32, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 433 Cali-
fornia st, San- Francisco, on* August 10, 1901
- Transfer books close August '3. 1901, ; at noon.
A. A. . SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND . TfOTICES.
PROPOSALS.
CASMALIA Ranch Oil and Development Com-
pany — Location and principal place of busl-
I ness. San Francisco, Cal. : location of works,
Santa Barbara County, Cal. Notice' is hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of di-
rectors held - on the 30th day of July, 1901,
an assessment of four- cents per share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
tion, payable immediately to the secretary of
.said corporation, at its office, room 304 Claus
Spreckels building, southwest corner of Third
and 'Market sts., San Francisco, Cal. Any
stock ' upon which this' assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the second day of .September,
1901. 'will be delinquent, and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment Is
made will be sold'on the 19th day of Septem-
ber, 1901, to pay the delinquent assessment,
together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. J.'H. CURLEY Secretary.
Office, room 304, Claus Spreckels building,
southwest- corner Third and Market sts., San
Francisco, Cal. '
ASSESSMENT
KOTICES.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 101)6
Valencia • et. . < ' ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
3XVSICAX. IXSTRPME-VTS— Cob.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
f=on, 1 Hal let & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtar, 1
Sterling. J75. $125. JUS, etc ; easy payments.
BENJ CJETAZ & SON, 16 O'FarreU et..
Chiekering, • Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apo'.lo, king of eelf-players. . . '-•
JAP. KEEFFE'S piano \rareroonis now perma-
nently located at 22 Turk st.. near junction
Mason. Market and Turk: largest in city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of .storage pianos
at your own price; 56 Installments: no reserve.
WILFOX'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market «t.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. S3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
fir.O BUYS elegant modern upright; or rent for
J! EO month. 542 Kearny st. , : ,,v _ ,
STEINWAY. $200: Hartman. $100; elegant pew
pianos. 1150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
FINE S-pedal upright piano; must be sacrificed
before Thursday; leaving city. 619 Eddy et.
GOOD f*coad-hand upright for sale cheap
SCHSIITZ. 16 McAllister Ft. .
A EPLEKDID Steinway: uprights. S100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post Bt
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
Tor Bale cheap. HORXUXfl'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for eale cheap. 8J7 Mc-
Allister St.
EfPFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEICS news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per j-ear.
OFFICES ASD STORES TO LET.
2TS PACIFIC St.— Handsome, large store, cheap;
p.!sr> 810 Pansome. store $6 per month.
OIL.
OIL tanks. 6econd hand, in good order: all
*\t**: rhewn. H. V. WWTTF:. RK Mlwlon »t.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones Et.
MME. GERMAINE. the business Dalmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to C 906 Market «t.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel.Black 561.
PHYSICIAXS AltD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
ion Market ct.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the liunian body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
"64-766 Clay ft.: tee testimonials at office.
PILES.
SCEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In 3"our
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over E0 names of prominent business men
cent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1SS0, Call
office. S. F.. CaL
PERSOSALS.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, S32 O'Farrell Et.. and
yoa will not he disappointed; this remedy is
positively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts cf the world; call or send for circular.
OUR new book free, sealed, fully Illustrated,
treats all conditions of men, how to attain
•"Perfect Manhood;" should be in the hands
of every male adult. Address ERIE
MEDICAL CO., "Book Dept," Buffalo, N. Y.
517 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1 — Solid oak chair: factory price.
£2— Enamel beds, all sizes. TeL Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to tl SO per night; II 50 to ?8 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
|1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine drees suits, J20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
THOROUGH musical training; piano lessons
50c. For anointments address MISS M. M.
GALE, 1319 Broadway, Alameda, Cal.
WILL JAMES BEATTY, late of New York,
ptease call on L. KAITFMANN. room 24. 222
Sansome st. ? It will be to your advantage.
WHITE «namel Iron beds, tingle, tho?e-<juarter
or double, 52 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1S12 Stockton Et.. near Broadway.
MARCEL "WAVE done at the new halrdresslng
parlors, 121 Mason et. A. ZIRKEL.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter tt.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants. %2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market et.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We have unusual good Bargains now.
Secure «. home with little money.
$75. $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st.
cars; 55 monthly.
$75, $100 to $330— Best Ocean Boulevard lots.
only $5 monthly; ready to build on.
$300 to $800 — Graded and sewered Incompar-
able Sunset lots; your own terms.
Sunset Branch office, 9th ave., near H st
$400 to $SO0 — Richmond lots, only $10 monthly.
Sf-^O, $1000, $1300, $2300 to $3000— Bargains In
modern cottages. Sunset, Richmond and Mis-
sion districts; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
54 Chronicle building.
SIX. seven and eight rooms cottages; also two
fiat houses in block between 17th. 18th. Castro
and Xoe sts. : \k cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Caistro or Guerrero-et. cars. K. NEL-
SON, builder.
FOR sale— Rincon Hill cottage of 7 rooms; lot
25sS5: no reasonable offer refused. Box 3725,
Call office. ''¦: -¦¦ _
$1900 — LOT with 2 cottapee; perfect title; 553
Seventh Ft. Apply 60 Clipper, near 26th.
REAL ESTATE— COUXTRY — For Sale
— FOR~SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^
Email tracts, $60 to S90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is crowing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 3C2 California et.. for pam-
phlets or information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free lict. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
MILL VALLBV nOOMS TO LET.
KTJRKTSHED rooms. f2 per week~^>r~$7~p*r !
mocth. W. F. BAILEY, cor. Throckmorton !
and OHv* ft. Mill Valley.
XtOSS VALLEV REAL ESTATE.
LARGE and email houses for eale, lease or
exchange; building lots and land by acre. J.
TL'NKTEAD. San Anselmo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
~~ ALAMEDA . HEAL (.ESTATE.
$SCO — LOT 42x150; 6-rccm bouse; one block
lrom Park St.; teasy terms.
$1500— Lot 33:4x125; house of 6 rooms and
bath: on Central ave.; will sell on monthly
lnFtallicent.
jlSOU Lot 30rl50; nearly new modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath: $250 cash and $20
per month. - . • t
$•'100— Lot 60x140; with 2-story house of 6
rooms and bath; $100 down and balance to
rult: 2 block* from Park-street station.
1250&— Lot 3:4x150. with a fine, well-built
modern cottage of S rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; will cell on easy
monthly Installments.
$3000— Lot 40x1110: elegant new modern cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath: elegant front and
rear porch; $5C0 down and $25 per month;
great bargain ; near Morton-st. station.
$3500— Lot 4tixlW; new modern story and
he If cottage of 8 rooms and bath, with fine
finished basement; $500 down and $27 50 per
month Installment; 2 blocks from station and
scbool. *
$6000 — Lot £0x207%; on Main ave., near school
and station, with eiegant 10-room residence,
liable and carriage hcuse; cost , $11,000; a
great snap.
Houses to let in ail parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1422 ParK street. Alameda.
J25 LOTS, size 25x100, for $10 each; a great bar-
ga<n.
< lots 40x200; etreet work complete: a great
bargain. - - '
4 lots on Sherman Bt.; 75x150; choicest prop-
erty In Alameda.
Fine home on Central ave.; new; modern
improvements-; $5000. SWCtMSttXM
Beautiful home on Clinton ave.; comer lot;
h ou~ or 8 rooms; . -
1424 Park st, Alameda,
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's supplies De-
pot Quartermaster's of nee, 36 New Montgom-
ery st., San Francisco, .Cal., July 30 -1901—
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a: tn "
Saturday," August 10, 1901, . Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing black-
smiths' aprons, bellows, beeswax, • carbolln-
eum, c,ement, gasoline, glue, leather, neatsfoot
oil and chamois skins. Early deliveries are
essential. Preference . will be given to arti-
cles of domestic production and manufacture'
conditions of price and "quality being-equal
(including In the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon),, and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the - con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to | ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished • on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be . indorsed ¦ "Pro-
posals No. 6654." and addressed to Major OS-
CAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S.A.", De-
' pot Quartermaster.
ROOMS TO/LET — Fnrn. anil Untnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to U per night; ?1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.-Be«t $1 a
day ' family hotel ¦ In city ; polite attendance ;
large rooms, EOc up; meals. 25c; free .coach.
AT Shasta House. 246- Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated: 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason st— 100 'newly
furnished & renovated rms., 60c up; elevator;
¦ electric lights In every room; return call bells;
first-class ; central ; quiet ; gentlemen only.' •THE GRAFTERS' SEXTET (Singing)— "We're up against the real
thing now." '
_Veru3 cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee It. *
' William S. . Lemon has brought * suit : for
divorce < from ¦ Ollle Lemon on the : ground
of desertion. ~ i ¦.¦¦¦.'; .<
OAKLAND; July, / 31.'— Bessie ; L. Tyler,
the wife of George'.N.' Tyler,' the Alameda
florist,' sued < her husband for a divorce
to-day, charging cruelty. Mrs. Tyler left
her husband last winter ; and he , created
a sensation by. choking a woman on. the
street one night before . he , discovered * she
was not his wife. The couple made up
and ¦ lived together ' in apparent harmony.
Now they have again parted and Mrs. Ty
ler purposes ; making the separation per
manent. . She accuses her husband t of
striking -,; her ¦ at : -. different and. of
calling her vile names. : Finally,- she says,
he drove . her \ from > home . with ¦, a shotgun;
attempting to take her .; life, ' and, compel
ling her to seek refuge with friends. >¦ ~-
Mrs. Tyler has obtained; a> restraining
order ? forbidding ' her ¦¦ husband ¦ to dispose
of his property pending ¦ the outcome of
the. suits "¦¦¦'¦'¦-. ¦'¦ '. : \ -v ". ¦:•:-'. ' : "
TYLEB THE .DEPENDANT
. IN SUIT FOR DIVORCE
It did not appear that the gardener had
received any funds which belonged to the
State and the commission could find no
grounds "for civil" action. '.
Dunn. admitted that he had received a
25 per cent bonus on materials sold to the
State by- a; contractor named-Lewis, but,
he claimed that the money came as a gift
and was. not paid according to prearrange
ment. He became alarmed at last,'how
ever, and* left the State.' w
Attorney General Ford states that ac
tion may be instituted under section 70
of the Penal Code, which says: "Every
executive or ministerial. officer who know
ingly asks ' or receives any emolument,
gratuity or reward, or any promise there
ot, excepting such as may be authorized
by law, for doing any official act, is
guilty of a misdemeanor." It seems like
ly therefore, that in the event of Dunn's
return he will have to answer for his ac
tions. •. . ¦, , ¦ ._
. The Attorney General, in response to an
Ir.Quiry from the State Board of Barber
Examiners, " issued the statement yester
day that certificates of the board could
legally be sent through the malls. The
beard also: asked for Information as to
whether they -might revoke -, licenses by
reason of ¦ i drunkenness, contagious dis
eases or immorality; ,The Attorney, Gen
eral states that in accordance with .. the
law passed by the recent Legislature ap
plications • for licenses may be refused on
tho grounds mentioned, but that " revoca
i tlon of licenses Issued is Impossible.
The question as to whether M. H. Dunn,
formerly gardener of the State Capitol
grounds at Sacramento and whose where
abouts are at present unknown, is liable
to prosecution, -was . affirmatively settled
by Attorney General Ford yesterday. The
faci was recently established that Dunn
vas drawing considerable revenue from
various persons who ¦ supplied the State
with materials to be used in the depart
ment over -which he. had control and hia
dismissal by /the State Board of Capitol
Commissioners immediately followed.
Frank Fisher, a machinist,' until recent
ly employed .at the Union Iron Works,
called at the Morgue yesterday forenoon
and reported that his wife Emma had
been missing since the preceding day. Ac
cording to his statement, she had been
very sick for several years, : and In mo
ments of melancholy she used to threaten
to make away with herself. They had
some money, saved , in bank in her name,
and she made, out a check yesterday for
him for $60. but. she disappeared, taking
the check with her. . -¦ • > •
While Fisher was telling his story to the
Coroner's deputies a message came in by
telephone from the life-saving station an
nouncing that: the 'body 'of an unidentified
woman had been cast up by the waves at
I^and's End. Fisher at once boarded a
street car n and proceeded to the beach,
where he identified the corpse as that of
his wife. -The body was taken to the
Morgue. The . couple had been living at
1022 Kansas street. They had no children.
Mfs. Fisher was 48 years old.'
sane, She Jumps Into the
Ocean Surf.
Sick for Years and Temporarily In-
mis. risHER xmovmrED !
• NEAR LAND'S END
Attorney General Gives
Authority for
Action.
Penman Sues Webster.
| Attorney s William Denman, son of
School Director Denman, has sued Super
intendent Reginald" H. "Webster to compel
the defendant to. audit the plaintiff's de
mand against the school fund for $500 for
legal services rendered at the request, of
the Board of Education:
Will start the Clothing Sale; this morning
at 9 o'clock. Come for your first choice
of the Lyceum Clothing Co. stock.-Men's
all-wool stylish and nobby suits, worth
?20, for $4.65 a suit at the Clothing As
signee Sale of the Boston, 773 Market
street, near Fourth. •
P. C. Kelly, Assignee,
Interesting Telegram.
The following-' messag-e. received a week ag-o
Tuesday. Is eelf-explanatory:
"XEW YORK. July 22, 1301. —The Emporium
and Golden Rule Bazaar, Ban Fiancieco: Your
offer of 57. cents on the dollar for entire bal
ance of this eeason'6 stock of cloaks, dresses,
skirts, waists, etc.. accepted. Will express
Wednesday. 24th. J. STEINBERG & CO."
J. Steinberg & Co. is a leading New York
firm of ladies' wholesale tailors, the excel
lence of whose garments is well known on this
coast. The above large purchase -will be hero
and on sale Monday, August 5. Extra sales
people and wrappers wanted. Apply at Cloak
Department, second floor. • .
The people of the, State of California, by
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford, filed suit
yesterday for an injunction restraining
the Pacific Debenture Company from do-
Ing business in this State. In the com
plaint it is alleged that the business con
ducted by the defendant corporation is
unlawful. Hence the suit.
Claims Business Is Illeg-al.
Anton Olsen Drowned.
The body of Anton Olsen, a marine fire
man, 35 years old. was found floating in
the water yesterday at the foot of Pierce
street. He resided at 517 Howard street.
Notice: All bills against the Third Na
tional Schuetzen Bund should be present
ed for payment immediately. Aug. Jung
blut, treasurer, 10 Golden Gate avenue. •
p»-r|-«a HE allied bosses under the leader- I
j ship of Kelly, Gage, Crimmins,
11 Herrin, John Lynch and Jerry
U Burke made haste to force the Re
publican State Central Committee
into the local contest, but the interference
Is not proving as effective as they antici
pated. In the olden days of boss domina
tion the employes of the Southern Pacific
Company and the Market-street Railroad
could be relied. upon to pull .the bosses
through in the doubtful districts, but
times have changed. President Hays of
the Southern Pacific will not permit or
ders to go out commanding the men in the
service of the Southern Pacific to line up
for Boss^Kelly at- the primary election.
Railroad passes and patronage will not be
delivered on the order oi the political
boss. There is a little State patronage in
reserve, but every place within the gift
of the administration is covered with ten
layers of promises. "Goods promised
during the prolonged Senatorial contest
are not yet delivered to those who gave
their work for favors to come.
Market-Street Road's Position.
There is a story current in the boss
camp that orders have been given for em
ployes of the Market-street Railroad to
fall in behind Martin Kelly and vq,te his
ticket in their respective districts. There
is no truth whatever in the story that the
company has decided to lend assistance to
the bosses. I. W. Hellman and Charles
Holbrook. officers of the company and
members of the executive committee, as
sert that they have no knowledge of such
orders or of any intention to issue such
commands. The executive committee of
the directors is the governing body of the
corporation, and this committee will not
advise or request the conductors, grip
men or other attaches of the road to vote
for any set of delegates to the nominating
conventions.
Yesterday Charles Holbrook, vice presi
dent of the company, said:
"No orders to support any ticket have
been given by the executive committee
and no one is authorized to Issue such or
ders."
The bosses cannot count on the Market-
Street Railroad conductors and gripmen
for help In this municipal campaign. Prop
erty-ownere and citizens generally will be
gratified to learn that the men in the serv
ice of the road will not be expected to do
politics for the allied bosses. The failure
of Boss Kelly to get help from the rail
way companies accounts for the demor
alized condition of his forces. -It Is obvi
ous to impartial spectators of the fight
that the boss forces are losing heart and
hope. The meddlers from the country
who were so offensively prominent just
before the meeting of the State Central
Committee was called have vanished. Citi
zens shun the headquarters of the Kelly-
: Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Estella K. Bethell from Norman
P. Bfcthell for desertion and Emllle F.
Jones from Edward M. Jones for failure
to provide. Suits 1 for divorce on the
ground of cruelty were filed yesterday by
Mary F. Tlghe against Patrick F. Tighe,
Alma Davidson againsjt Max Davidson,
Maria Eberhardt against Charles j F. A.
Eberhardt and Anita Pollay against Fred
Pollay.
. In the Divorce Court.
The will of Babette Seligman, widow of
the late Moses Seligman, who died July
26, was filed for probate yesterday. After
making a few minor bequests of jewels to
friends the testatrix bequeaths one-half
the residue of her estate to Max Kohn, a
friend, and the other half to Max Kohn In
trust for the benefit of Jesse Seligman,
decedent's son.
The testatrix states that she purposely
omits leaving anything to her son, Max
Seligman, because he has been undutlful
and urfilial, has brought disgrace upon
her and has caused her untold physical
pain and anguish of mind and heart.
In a codicil, however, the deceased
leaves Max Kohn $1000. He is now under
arrest in Portland, charged with having
defrauded a bank. This $1000 bequest will
be used In his defense, which will be con
ducted by Attorney I. I. Brown of this
city, who is charged by Mrs. Seligman "to
use every honorable means and every ef
fort to release her son from the legal re
straint under ¦which he now suffers."
• Decedent Charges Attorney to Zti
deavor to Secure Her Son's Ee
lease Prom Prison.
The campaign committee of the Sara
toga Democratic Club, Thirty-ninth As
sembly • District, met last evening at the
headquarters of the club, 508 Latkin
street, to make revision oi the list of dele
gates to the local convention. The fol
lowing, are the delegates to be voted for
from the various precincts at the primary:
Sixty-seventh Precinct— Edward * F. Lydon,
Ellis Powell and Thomas F. Mansfield; Sixty
eighth Precinct— J. W. Shinkwin. J. Harris,
W. L. Bromley; Sixty-ninth Precinct, Charles
I. Ford. Theodore Roche, A. Jacobs; Seventieth
Precinct— H. Blaney, W. Malloy, Joseph M.
Levy; Seventy-first Precinct— William J. Hen
nessy, S. P. Kohlman. John Kennedy; Seventy
second Precinct— Jesse A. Gailand. William P.
Carter, Robert Murray; Seventy-third Precinct
— J. H. Yates, M. Hendy. Carl Westerfeldj
Democrats of Thirty-Ninth.
following twenty-nine names were recom
mended to act as delegates: . _ -¦ ¦ • •
John C. Currier. Arthur S. Towne, Charles
A. Murdock, Maurice Brandt, Frank C. Hat
man. A. K. Buckingham, Sanford Feigenbaum,
H. O. Beatty. Lester G. Burnett. E. B. Cutter,
E.' J. -Attridge, Alonzo Trueworthy, R. E.
Campbell. J. E. Smith. William H. Hammer,
Herbert D. "Walters, - E. J. Prlngle Jr., Irvin
J. .Wlel, R. G. Schroeder, James J. Devlin,
James W. O'Rourke, F. <X .. Belfridge, J. J.
! Kane, William Reston, Louis "Bauer, Stanley
Forbes. O. C. Pratt, James Maisch and H.
R. Hopps. •;' . :.' \J ; ,_.
A motion to add the names of Samuel C.
Irving, Nathan H. Frank and John Mil
ward to the- list was lost by. a vote of 24
ayes and 38 noes. • \'- ? -
The motion - to refer the original list
back to the executive committee to report
to the club on Friday night prevailed.
Forty-Fifth District.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Forty-fifth Assembly District held
an enthusiastic and largely attended
meeting at Garibaldi Rail, 423 Broadway,
last evening. Addresses were delivered
by A. N. Dannenbaum and Marc ' An
thony. ¦
Work" in Other Districts.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Thirty-seventh Assembly. District
will hold a meeting at branch headquar
ters, 552 Hayes -street, to-morrow night.
There will be a general;: "meeting . and
smoker at 444 Devisadero street Saturday
night, August 3. ';
The Forty-fourth Assembly District
Club of the Republican Primary League
will hold a general mass meeting this
evening at Washington Square Hall, cor
ner of Stockton and Union streets. D. W.
Burchard, who is recognized as one of the
ablest and most convincing orators heard
in this campaign, will address the citi
zens. A. Ruef will also speak.
Forty-First District.
The 'Forty-first Republicans
held a largely attended meeting last night
at 1605 Polk street to receive the report
of the executive committee regarding dele
gates to the municipal ¦- convention.- , The
A campaign committee of six. members
was appointed, to select permanent head
quarters for the clubs and to obtain ap
propriate literature for the use o.f ! the
voters of the. district. . . - ... :.
John A. Clover, Wilbur G. Zelgrler, Ralph M.
Folks Fhineas S. Barber. ¦ George B. Keane,
Joseph B. Carroll, Dr. A. S. Adler, Ernest- P.
Therian, Joseph S. Fonseca,' H. W.- Fraser,
E A. Meyer. Myer Jacobs, ; James F. Cosgrove,
Eugene L. Marshall, Epsa H. Ashton, J. ; J.
Neubarth, Gustave S. 8pauldlng-, Marc ' An
thony, W. S. Hamilton Frank ¦ I* von Rheln.
James P. Donahue. John ¦ A. McKenna, Nor
man W. . Hall, W. H. Conly and Joseph Dono
van. ,¦ " ,*: '¦', ¦' -•' ;. ...'¦.
A joint meeting of the Thirty-ninth
District Republican Clubs Nos. 1 and 2
was held at Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin
street, last evening. It was the largest
and most enthusiastic gathering of Re
publicans yet held In the district during
the present season. A number . of gen
tlemen present made spirited : aaid earnest
addresses, urging the election of inde
pendent and respectable delegates to the
approaching Republican Municipal Con
vention. , - ¦•-¦'-
Among the most notable speeches were
those delivered by Wilbur G. Zeigler, S.
H. Cosper, Myer . Jacobs, Hugh Fraser,
James L. Nagle, G. B. Keane, N. W. Hall.
James P. Donahue and James F. Cos
grove. ¦ •- - • ¦ ¦ "
. Resolutions approving - -¦ the beneficial
safeguards afforded by the recent legisla
tion for a fair and . honest primary elec
tion were adopted. The. assembled citi
zens also • denounced political bosses and
corrupt • party leaders and unanimously
pledged their delegates to maintain a
strict independence by impartially and
honestly protecting the best interests of
their respective districts. The work in
the present campaign ; of the Republican
Primary League ) was commended. ¦-*-
The chair appointed a committee of six
representative members from both clubs
to receive nominations for delegates for
the next primary election. The following
names were recommended by the commit
tee, subject to the approval of the respec
tive clubs: :':'¦. ¦ '¦'¦' ..'¦.'
Thirty-Ninth District.
F. H. Walton, I. Erb, A. Sadler, L. Clave
laux, N. B. Engle. J. Ryan, S. Gianettonl. J.
Ainsley, J. Kennedy, C. Henning and C. E.
Raabe.
On motion a committee of five was ap
pointed by the chair to, report to the exec
utive committee a list of candidates for
delegates to the convention. The officers
of the club are L». Serlcano, president, ard
I. Erb secretary. . < -
A large and* enthusiastic meeting was
held last night at the Republican Primary
League clubrooms at 27 Sixth street.
Standing room was at a premium. An ex
ecutive committee of eleven was appoints
ed, consisting of the following named:
Thirtieth. Assembly District.
Under the auspiqes of the Primary
League Club of the Twenty-ninth Assem
bly District, a rousing demonstration took
place at 830 Howard street last eveninig.
The meeting: was called to order by J. S.
Parry, one of the leaders of the anti-boss
campaign in the district. Vigorous and
convincing addresses were delivered, and
the audience cheered the sentiments in
favor of home rule and clean local govern
ment. The principal speakers were M. M.
Miller, L. E. Savage and Marc Anthony.
In the course. of his remarks Mr. Miller
declared that the newspapers supported
the Republican Primary League through a
sense of justice, as the league was the
only organization in the campaign worthy
of support. In eulogizing the press, he
asked for a standing vote in indorsement
of his utterances, and 500 men sprang to
their feet to indorse the anti-boss pross
in its support of the Republican Primary
League. The fight for good principles in
the Twenty-ninth District is practically
won. ' •
Twenty-Ninth District.
The efforts of the Republican Primary
League to arouse public sentiment In tho
cause of good local government are widely
appreciated. The present activity at 'the
office of the Registrar of Voters is mainly
due to the league. The number of transfers
and new registrations signify that a large
vote will be cast at the primary election
en August 13. Citizens should bear in
mind that registration for the primary
closes Saturday, August 3. Recollect that
failure to vote is a half vote for the
bosses. Every citizen interested in the
welfare of San Francisco should take part
in the primary election. . The last hop? of
the bosses and tax looters is the slender
chance of a light vote.
The district clubs organized under the
auspices of the Primary League are reach
ing the masses in every district. The
campaign is beginning to take' on the
character of popular demonstrations in
behalf of clean municipal government.
Appreciate League's Efforts.
Crimmins committee, and a feeling -of
general disgust and weariness pervades
the boss camp.
BABETTE SELIGMAN'S WILL
IS FILED FOB PROBATE
MAY PROSECUTE
GARDENER DUNN
The work of substituting heavy for the
now inadequate seventy-pound rails be
tween this city and San Jose Is in prog
ress. From this city to San Jose the rails
now being laid weigh eighty-five pounds
to the yard. South to Castrovllle the
company purposes laying seventy-five
pound rails and from there over the
mountains eighty-flve-pound rails will be
laid. The new rails which already stretch
from Eighth street south are of the heavi
est and look more like the girders of a
modern sky-scraper than the rails in com
mon use. Beside them the old crossings
and switches that have not yet been re
moved look. like the tiny tunnel rails in
the great mines of the Comstock. The
road is also being ballasted and leveled
and it is announced that when this work
is completed the road will be equal to
any in the Eastern States now famous
for their stability. .
Word came i"rom Chicago recently that
between $30,000,000 and $40,000,000 is to be
expended within the next few years by
the Southern Faciflc with the view of
placing the system in the best possible
condition • in equipment- and facilities.
President Hays will devote -much of his
time on the problem, of bringing the road
up to the standard and it was stated that
it * was partially with a view to giving
Hays every opportunity to accomplish the
task in the quickest possible time that
Harrlman gave the traffic of the road ex
clusively into the charge* of Stubbs.
Under the management of the late C. P.
Huntington very little money, compara
tively speaking, was expended yearly for
Improvements and the result is that there
are but few systems in need of such an
immense expenditure. Now thousands of
miles of fifty-two and seventy pound rails
must be replaced with those weighing
eighty-five or ninety pounds, so that the
great 100 and 125 ton locomotives may be
safely operated over them at a high rate
of speed. Curves, especially over the
new coast- route, must be straightened,
grades reduced, roadbeds balanced and
wooden bridges and trestles displaced by.
structures of steel.. ¦
This work has now commenced and
within five years the larger portion of the
road will be modern and equipped with all
the latest transportation facilities.
Under the direction of President Hays
the great work of reconstructing the en
tire Southern Pacific system has begun.
More men are employed at the railroad
shops at Fourteenth and Harrison streets
than for year3 past preparing the tools
and equipments for the rail-laying corps.
Southern Pacific Begins
Great Work of Re
construction.
HEAVIER RAILS
ARE BEING LAID
It was a most charming affair. Seventy
flve" invited guests witnessed the cere
mony,, which was performed by the Rev.
Dr. Hemphill.
The home was beautifully decorated for
the occasion, pink and white blossoms
being used exclusively. In the drawing
room, where the ceremony was per
formed, a canopy of pink and white sweet
peas was erected, and here the young cou
ple plighted their troth. ' r
The bride was attended by Miss Mar
guerite Sawyer, who officiated as maid or
honor. Henry Francis Parmelee of New
Haven, a college chum of the groom, oin
ciated as best man. The bride wore an
exquisite gown of cream white satin, elab
orately, trimmed with point lace. .
Miss Sawyer was attired in a dainty
frock of pink chiffon.
Mr. and Mrs. Sanborn left yesterday for
a honeymoon trip, keeping their destina
tion a secret. Their future home will be
in this city. •
The Twentieth Century Cotillon Club of
South San Francisco gave an enchilada
party Tuesday evening, July 16, at Ma
sonic Hall. The evening- was delightfully
passed in singing and dancing. The fol
lowing . ladies contributed vocal and in
strumental numbers: Mrs. E. Nonne
man, Mrs. Cully, Mrs. Doering, Miss Anna
Ayres, Miss Nora Began and Mrs. Lizzie
Mrs! George Perkins and daughter will
return to their home in this city on Au
gust 1, after a two months' vacation in
Nevada County.
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene "W. Levy announce
the confirmation of their son, David Lev
ingston Levy,- on Saturday, August 10, at
the Congregation Sherith Israel, corner
of Post and Taylor streets, and vould be
pleased to see their friends on Sunday,
August 11, between the hours of 2 and o
p. m., at 2318 Clay street.
Mrs. A. Gundersheimer has returned
from a northern trip.
Miss Frances Baldwin and Sheffield San
born were. married yesterday at 2 o'clock
at the home of A. R. Baldwin, corner of
Devlsadero and Union streets. ,
The buildine of this dock will give Mare
Island two of the finest docks In the world. It
means a great deal to Vallejo, for it forever
sets at rest any possibility of the removal of
the navy-J'ard from this locality. The con
tractors have already spent J100.000 in dlggirg
the hole, and they will go ahead with the work
immediately. They are to complete it in thlr
ty-eix months, according to the contract, but
they E&y it will be finished In thirty months.
AH that Is needed now is that the San Fran
cisco merchants insist that the Congressmen
tret an appropriation of $400,000 to dredge the
shoal. Then the largest battleship in the world
can come to Mare Island.
The people of Vallejo greatly appreciate the
pood work done by The Call in having the Sec
retary of the Navy visit Mare Island, for it is
greatly due to his observations there that the
contract was signed.
GEORGE CAMPBELL JR.,
Secretary Chamber of Commerce, Vallejo.
The contract for the stone drydock at Mare
Island was signed yesterday by the Secretary
of the Navy and the Atlantic, Pacific and Gulf
Company. The amount to be expended is
Jl.0S9.000. The dock is to be 750 feet long. 80
feet at bottom and 30 feet on the sill at mean
high water. It is to be of etone and cement.
About S3C0,0C0 will be epent in Vallejo for labor.
The stone Is to come from lone. Cal.
The Chamber of Commerce of Vallejo.
when it received notice of the signing of
the contract, sent the following signed
statement to The Call:
It has always been contended that the
erection of a mammoth dock at Mare Is
land would be of little use. as the channel
leading to the naval station was not sup
posed to be of sufficient depth to provide
passage for the large vessels. The sign
ing of the contract is proof positive that
j.he naval officials do not believe the as
sertions made concerning the .depth of
water between here and Mare Island and
that the future of the naval station is an
assured fact.
This means that the navy yard Is not
to be abandoned, as was frequently sug
gested by the evening papers. The dimen
sions of the dock which the contract calls
for show that it will be big enough to
accommodate the largest of Uncle Sam's
men-of-war.
That the \iews of this paper were ap
preciated is shown by the fact that yes
terday officials of the ICavy Department
signed a contract with the Atlantic. Pa
cific and Gulf Company which provides
for the erection of a mammoth stone dry
dock.
The efforts of The Call to secure a prop
er recognition of the value of the Mare
Island navy yard to the United States
naval authorities have at last met with
success. This paper has at all times fa
vored the extension of the natural facili
ties by which the navy yard is surround
ed and In support of its claim has sug
gested time and again that the contract
calling for the building of a wooden dock
at the navy yard be changed so as to
provide for a stone dock.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Samuel Van Praag, an aged cigar dealer,
who conducts | a store at Polk street and
Fern avenue, was held up. by two young
men last evening about 10J o'clock in front
of his residence, 1213 Bush street. The rob
bers became alarmed and fled before, se
curing any money. \
It is supposed that the thug s who at
tempted to rob Van Praag had watched
him for some time and were of the opin
ion that when he closed his store he car
ried home all his receipts with him. ¦• Last
night the robbers waited till the .old man
started home and then hurried onto his
house ahead of him. To render detection
difficult they turned : out . the street gas
lamp in front of the house and waited for
him in his garden. As soon as Van Praag
started to walk up the garden -path the
robbers jumped out on him and dragged
him to the ground. The victim cried
lustily for help and this frightened the
footpads. They took to their heels and
ran One of the robbers in his hurry to
get away left a black derby hat in" the
garden. It had the initial. M in the in-
S Soon n a"fer the attempted robbery Chief
of Police Sullivan was on the scene. He
was accompanied by several detectives
and police officers. Van Praag told the
police that the. robfeers were both young
men, tall and dark, but that he would not
be able to identify them.
Largest of Warships Will
Be Accommodated at-
Mare Island.
Robbers Frightened Away
and One Leaves His Hat
Behind.
Navy Officials Sign Con
tract Providing for
Structure.
Stop Samuel Van Praag
in Front of His Bush
Street Home.
NAVY YARD WILL
GET STONE DOCK
THUGS HOLD UP
CIGAR DEALER
THE SAK ITKAjN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 1, 1901.
Allied Bosses Will Not Receive Aid From, Market-Street
Railway Em ployes— Citizens Should Bear in Mind
That Registration for the Election Closes Next Saturday
ORGANIZED FORCES OF THE PRIMARY
LEAGUE SURE TO ACHIEVE SUCCESS
12
7 BIO
OPPORTUHITIES
You can buy our $1.00 PERCALE
•WOMEN'S! WAISTS, sizes 32 to 38,
some tucked front' and back, others
made with large rolling, col- M f%
lar, many inserted with vest n SI A
of white pique; all go at one JJL||I.
price — . . nr. %# u
Something new- in WOMEN'S UN-
DERSKIRTS, made of black and
white' striped mercerized sateen,
flounce : lined and ; trimmed with grad-
uated ruffle of accordeon A f g% •««
plaiting and rows of pink- I iw%
ed niching; sold elsewhere V\ I /-I
$1.75; our price to-day.... VtI.Ihw,
¦WOMEN'S" LINEN VON-' wm f%
D E R S K IRTS, ' accordeon M 1 1 fl
plaited; was $1.00; yours to- „ 1 1 11.
day at ;......'. .:. ; ... .......... W V U
¦ Just from our factory — a new lot. of
ALL-OVER WHITE ARA- A a
BIAN LACE WAISTS, well II U A
worth $2.00; again on sale e]I1iI
Sizes' 32* to 44.
Closing: out all our odds and ends In
CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES,
lined throughout; ¦ many #» **
worth as high' as $3.00; you. 11 U A
-can have your ¦ choice of en- ¦; • ?| O I -
tire , lot ' at. ... . . . .~: . .... .....;... ;UUU
Sample lot of PERCALE WRAP-
PERS, •- flounced; and trimmed with
braid, .lined to' waist;- a few p f\
-dark, but mostly light colors; S f\ 1 1 1\
; worth . from . 75c to $1.25 ; your . I B 8 I _
choice to-day ......-..'.......... UVU
.¦All that's left of our CHIL- j ~f> : '
DREN'S POKE -BONNETS,. IL'A
.: were 25c ' to 35c ; '- in : white and I _ 1 1 .
.: colored;, on "sale V. ....: . 1 w.W
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.;
. . ... Between Taylor, and Jones.
SPECIAL SALE !
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
WE HELP YOU TO LJVB AND LIVB
WELL FOR LITTLE MONET.
Butter, 2 squares.. . . . . 65c
Very choice creamery.
Armour's doz. .20c
For preparing Bouillon, Beef Tea, eto.
A measuring glass free .
with every dozen.
Regularly 25c.
Blackberry Brandy, bot 50c
Recommended for medicinal use.
Absolutely pure.
Regularly 85c.
"Rnctnn BROWN bread 90fi
DOSlOn FLOUR, 4-1 bpkfc • • • • Ub
Makes .delicious bread and puddings.
Already prepared.
Regularly 25c.
Littie Neck Clams, c 2 ;i b . .15c'
For Clam Fritters, Fried Clam* and
Clam Chowder. Put up by
Olympia Packing Co. ,
Regularly 20c.
OK Whiskey, bot 75c, 3 bots $2
Gallon $3
Quality and age -..,.:•
Guaranteed.
Regularly $1.00 and |4.00.
Shrimps, large can. . . . 20c
For salads and mayonnaise.
Ready for use. -;. ;;•
Regularly 25c.
Ginger Ale, dozen $1.20
Corry"s Imported Belfast Ginger Ale.
Regularly $1.50.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED-CATA-
LOGUE FREE. -
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN«5522.
A METHODIST BISHOP
GIVES PE-RH-NA GBEALCRED1T,
|;| /^ >:: Wbs His RecoMieiiatioii for
/ " tho TPdmnin' PQtuppri Rptti.'
; / J^wV !! Wu rdillUllo uQldllil flulll
i / y vil^ii&i ' * ' Tl3e <Iay was when men of promlnenca
1 I (^^ V JiW^^-'^d hesitated to give their testimonials to pro-
; L^^^*y td^^wW^- A * m P rIetar y medicines for publication. This
iMHKiJ^itelL. h (iM^reiki^wy^^P remains true to-day of moat proprietary
,! (WF^^^m^M^I^W/jF '' m e dl cine3. But Peruna has become so
" ' ''" 4 WSi^^i^^W^^&iM^'/l ' ' 3 ustlv famous, Its merits are known to so
" ¦>*. " many people of high and low station that
l x^^^^/^L^^ none hesitates to see hi3 name in print
' fi%&X$ recommending Peruna.
' S^^^P^&^^^^ Jz%Z^ '¦ The foIlowln * letters from pastors who
. t^^^^M^^W^^ f f use Peruna s P ea^ f °r themselves:
'^^m^^U.^^^^^^^y'S ! Rev. E. G. Smith, pastor of the Presby-
' \ terian Church of Greensboro, Ga_. writes:
1 v x ' W. —=^-. ¦ £^' ( "My little boy had been suffering for
1 BISHOP grant OF INDIANAPOLIS. I some time* with catarrh of the lower bow-
........ ........ ....»«»>• e i s . other remedies had failed, but after
Bishop A. Grant of Indianapolis, Ind., taking two bottles qf Peruna the troublo
writes the following letter: I almost entirely disappeared. For this spe-
' nd r, a ' t \ ' sys&i'snffiL 11 '' 1 "*" * ""
3349 N. Pennsylvania Street)
Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, 0.: Hev. A. S. Vaughn. Eureka Springs,
Gentlemen-"/ have been using So^ieal
Peruna for catarrh, and can cheer- As soon as able to be about I commenced
fully recommend your remedy to £ ™*?SSl« S&^JtfSi
any One W/IO wants a good medicine. now enjoying my usual health."— Kev. A.
A. Grant S. Vaughn.
Prominent members of the clergy are If do not derlve> proin pt and satis-
giving Peruna their unqualified indorse- . .' „,+. *„„_ »>,^ „__ „# T>£rrvm^
mentf These men find Peruna especially factory results f^orn thense of Peruna.
adapted .to preserve them from catarrh write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
of the vocal organs, which has always f U n statement of your case, and he will
been the bane of public speakers, and x.. pleased to give you his valuable advice
general catarrhal debility incident to the _ ra li«,
sedentary life of the clergyman. Among sraus.
the recent utterances of noted clergymen AddreS3 pj. Hartman, President of, The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
) The J. Noonan Fnrn Itn re Co. (Inc.) )
; INGRAIN CARPETS, !|
40c Yard. \
and up, at the great MIsaion-st. Carpet '
House, where you will find th» newest and
latest patterns and designs In these excel-
lent carpets and In the better grades also. I
You will get the pick of our beautiful
Tapestries. Body • Brussels and Velvets , '
all at the same modest prices in propor-
tion as above, because we pay no rent—
you save the difference.
) The J. Noonan Furnltnre Company \ >
\ (Incorporated), i
( 1017-1023 Mission Street I
) Above Sixth, San Francisco.
I We close at 8 p. m. every day but
I Saturday.
"^R^ PAINLESS i
/I!) V'nN DENTISTRY I
"VANVROOM" I
1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. 1
¦0^jS0fl9KmK^j^^^M^ Affects the Brain.
'$% " ¦ 1 Mayerla's Glasses
Hf] ,' ';**. &^KT%} strengthen the Eye and
ff^^i^P^f-i nEOf?GE MAYERL1
' pi&flR^iSsW^i^^^H Telephone South 572.
¦HHP^^ir fS^^B I Open Evenings until 9.
HMg '< - •¦ VwwJ J German Eyewater, 50c.
' ft m r* f" nn If t f Corner Fourth and
¦flfcBOflLs 6^
Will *• ¦•Will*"5 C . Overcoats and
1 valises checked fre*.
4|^ 15 SUSTAINED <#
' r^¥ Jf e are a l° ne * n offering superb (ft \^j)
l2~*L>Jgr shoes, whose beauty of outline, ex- : =*^3
P* Rz^\ emplifying the newest styles and rea- r\
f 77^^ sonable prices, will satisfy, the wants fTll
i^ri\j\ of the fastidious people of San Fran- Jta
wf^nS. cisco. We have just received large &\\y
J|| New $3.50 Department IBL
that comprise all the very latest
fr]l shapes and large assortments and ex- . x *^
Ajfrk elusive styles of Patent Leather Ox- /f fS\
\m * ords and Shoes that can ° nly be °^~ '¦
VnVl tained at our store. Call and see ~
<?T§Jl them. If you live out of town write I>