Wires Also Being Adjusted to Secure the Elevation of
Superior Judge Sweeney of Shasta County %
to the Supreme Bench.
POLITICAL SCHEME TO FORCE
NOMINATION OF C. H. GAROUT TE
FOR THE CHIEF JUSTICESHIP
serve these societies as no other man in
San Francisco, could.
When James Lick gave his noble bene
faction to the Academy of Sciences it was
Dr. Harkness who pushed the work of
building to a successful completion. His
plans were followed in the main, and it
was under" his .supervision that the
museum collections were installed in the
new building in 1890. . -
JURISTS WHOSE NAMES ARE BEING PROMINENTLY MENTIONED IN
CONNECTION WITH 1 THE REPUBLICAN NOMINATIONS FOR JUS
TICES: OF THE SUPREME COURT TO BE ELECTED NEXT YEAR.
In addition to the existing mountain ob
servatbrle3 Jn i the Unlted'States that-are
devoted to the meteorologicai work there
are many in Europe and South America^
' Forecaster McAdie said also that Presi
dent Gilman'of 'Johns Hopkins University
has thought well of the Mount Tamalpais
site If or' an 'observatory for the study ' of
meteorology. - ¦' ' ' ¦; <
The Department" of Agriculture has no
fund for ,the purpose. - It: is »not a new
thing for -generous "men. to assist with
their funds 1 the prosecution of scientific
work for the good of the country. At the
last 'commencement at . Harvard $1,000,000
was donated ; for . the medical-biological
laboratory. That is for our^ health. The
conditions of the atmosphere also concern
our ; health. ; There ; are - great problems' , to
be • attacked.-. Ohejs the formation of fog.
We do not know what causes the differ
ence between fog and the , raindrop.
There, should- be a fine telescope on the
mountain for ; commercial purposes — to
sweep the harbor and ocean.".
YOSEMITE, July 10.— Upon a' telegram
from Elliott McAllister of San Francisco,
vice president of the Sierra Club, a meet
ing of the members was held here last
evening, to protest against the proposed
illumination of the Yosemite Falls or any
of the -domes of the Yosemite by. elec
tricity. Said Professor Soule:
- "To have electric lights for the" falls and
domes would be to convert this noble val
ley into'a sort of midway plalsance."
A comm\ttee consisting. of William Coli
by, Josiah Keep. AVilllam Denman,' A.G.
Eells; and; William Keith prepared and
signed a, protesting resolution/ which was
indorsed by the'elub and forwarded to the
Yosemite Commissioners in San Fra.neU»:.-».
OPPOSES IIXinVIIlirATION
OF YOSEMITE VALLEY
Life.
VALLEJO, July 10.— Smarting under a
parental reproof which she ''regarded as
unjust. Miss Roda Johnson, the 17-year
old daughter of Alexander Johnson, com
mitted suicide this afternoon by hanging
herself. The tragedy " occurred : at the
family home, just beyond 'the railroad
track at the North Vallejo station. '
The girl had just returned from a
week's visit in Napa. After thenoontime
meal she left the house. Her body was
found at 6 o'clock this evening, cold in
death, hanging to a rafter in a small barn
on the place. She had fastened a hayrope
to the beam, and, placing* a i'noose" a bout
her neck, had stepped off a "pile of shin
gles on which she stood. Apparently she
slowly strangled. Coroner McDonald has
taken charge of the body and will hold an
inquest.
Boda Johnson Resents Parental Re
proof by Taking Her Own
VALLEJO CtIEL HANGS
HEKSEI.F IN A' BARN
The Call has no candidates for Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court or for any
other office, but it has a general knowl
edge of the fitness of . aspirants. > c. H.
Garoutte is a progressive young man, who
would be a remarkably, gifted lawyer If
his attainments in the law equaled his
accomplishments as 'a politician. Chief
Justice Beatty, is a fine lawyer,' but .he
knows as little . of politics as Garoutte
knows : of law. Judge Sweeney is a good
¦ « . -• . - ¦ < • ¦ . . .- ' ;
. .... - • ..* » . ».>¦¦*¦¦». ». 9. »..« .#. •¦».».» » » * » .» '
Has Great Faith An Herrin.
will fall into line for Garoutte for Chief
Justice on the assurance that delegations
from this region. of the State will stand in
for Sweeney. The schemers have not yet
agreed on the third man, 'but it is com
mon talk among politicians who are dis
cussing the scheme that a lawyer of
Southern California will be taken in to
round off the programme. ;
One of the European observatories is at
Mount Ventoux. in Provence, France.
The inountaln, -which is one of the last
ramifications of the Alps, rises In a pyra
midal mass to the height of 6230 feet and
gives a superb view of the panorama of
the Rhone. The use of this high and iso
lated summit, was proposed by the Mete
orological Commission of the Department
of Vaucluse in 1S79, and national and local
subscriptions were solicited for the erec
tion of a building which should benefit
meteorology, including weather and flood
predictions. It was necessary to first con
struct a road twelve miles long to unite
the summit of the mountain with the
thoroughfare beiow. In 1S83 the observa
tory was opened . (or meteorological work.
There is a main building 100x35 feet, which
is sunk In the north slope of the summit,
having its principal facade to the south.
On the first floor Is the dwelling and of
fice- of the meteorological observer. On
the summit of the mountain is a seml-cir
cular platform, on which are placed me
teorological Instruments. Six observations
are made daily. The observatory coat
about $50,000.
It ought to be understood by this time
that Herrin Is In politics for himself, and
not for 'the Southern Pacific Company.
The new president, C. M. Hays, has de
clared positively that the company is not
in politics, but he may ascertain later on
that the old political machinery of the
law, department Is being operated for the
special benefit of the corporation's chief
lawyer. Herrin is interested in big law
cases outside of the railroad domain, and
is quite ready to employ the prestige of
the company's power to accomplish Indi
vidual purposes.
all-around programmer, who takes his
medicine and waits. He has faith in Her
rin and holds fast to the faith. If he
would cut away from all schemes and
schemers and put his faith In a solid
Noryiern. California delegation he would
stand a fine chance of winning out.
VENERABLE, revered for his no
bility of character and honored
for his achievements in the realm
of pure science. Dr. H. W. Hark
ness went peacefully to his long
rest in the gray dawn of yesterday morn
ing. His death occurred in his apart
ments at the Pacific-Union " Club, where
he had been confined to his bed since
early in June.
The aged scientist's eightieth birthday.
May 25, was an occasion of celebration
among his most intimate friends. With
in a week afterward the feebleness of old
age compelled him to take to bed, and he
failed steadily from that time until death
ensued.
F. J. Harkness of Skofleld. Utah, a
r.ephew and the only surviving near re
lative, was with Dr. Harkness during his
last moments. IJfelong friends did all
that was possible during the venerable
physician's last illness to add to his com
fort and happiness.
Dr. Harkness was one of the most emi
nent scientists of which California has been
able to boast, and in his chosen specialty.
In botany, the lower cryptogams, he -was
for many years an authority. His name
has been closely associated with the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences for more
than a quarter of a century, and a very
considerable portion of the success of that
institution has been due to his unselfish
devotion to the cause of science.
The funeral services will be held on Sat
urday at 11 o'clock at the chapel. Odd
Allows* Cemetery.
Scientific Bent in Youth-
Karvey Wilson Harkness was born May
25. 1E21. at Pelham. Mass. His parents
were of Scottish birth. As the seventh
child of a large family in comparatively
humble circumstances his educatjonal op
portunities were limited, but he early dis
played a. fondness for study and perse
verance in the pursuit of knowledge. ¦ He
turned his attention to the study of medi
cine and In 1817 was graduated from the
Berkshire Medical College:
The young physician joined a party of
emigrants at Rock Island, Illinois, and
Journeyed across the plains to California.
They met ¦with many hardships but finally
crossed the Sierras Into the land of gold
in October of 1849.
Dr. HarkneEs at flret located at Bid-
The services rendered by Dr. Harkness
to' the Academy of Sciences, the Geo
graphical Society and other scientific'
bodies of the city were of • Inestimable
value. Being a . man of : independent
means, of scientific attainments, broad
experience, and without, other interests
to encrross his . attention, he was able to
Inestimable Service to Science.
Dr. Harkness' researches during his
first years of residence in San Francisco
began, to attract attention. In 1S75 he be
came connected with the Academy of Sci
ences and the study of fungi became his
hobby. His devotion to science and his
unremitting efforts to advance the Inter
ests of the Academy, were recognized ¦ in
18S7 by his election as president of that
scientific body. He served in that-capa
city until 1896. when he withdrew and
was succeeded by Dr. David Starr Jor
dan. ';' . " :
When the first transcontinental railroad
was completed Dr. Harkness presented on
behalf of the State of California the gold
6pikes which were driven by Leland
Stanford, May 10, 1S69. On May 17 of the
same year Dr. Harkness was present as
the invited guest o'f the Viceroy of Egypt
at the opening of the Suez Canal.
Dr. Harkness removed to San Francisco
In 1869 and resided here continuously from
that time until his death. He was a great
traveler, and made many trips to Europe
and to the Eastern cities and two visits
to North Africa. ; " v J^V"
Hemoves to San Francisco.
In 1854 Dr. Harkness married Miss Ame
lia Grtswold. She lived less than a year
after their marriage, and her death was a
blow that lefY a scar which time did not
efface.
Dr. Harkness was chosen in 1853 as
president of Sacramento's first Board of
Education.
wells Bar and began the practice of his
profession there. A year later he had
come to realize the larger opportunities
that were offered at Sacramento and he
removed to that bustling mining camp.
He met with a high degree of success, be
coming one of the best known physicians
of the State. He amassed a considerable
fortune and in 1S69 he retired permanent
ly from the practice' of medicine and
thenceforth devoted himself to scientific
research and the furtherance of the work
and interests of scientific societies.
Dr.\ Harkness' scientific research was
in the field of the lower cryptogams—
chiefly a study of the fungi of the Pacific
'Coast. He was the author, of a large
number of bulletins and monographs pub
lished by the Academy of Sciences, 'and
was a frequent contributor 'to scientific
journals. His collection of cryptogams,
containing 10,000 specimens, than which
none finer exists in any museum, was pre
sented by him to the Academy of Sciences.
THE LATE DR. H. W. HARKNESS, ONE OF THE GREATEST OF CALIFORNIA'S SCIENTISTS, WHO FOR MANY
YEARS WAS A LEADING MEMBER OF THE ACADEMY OF SCIENCES, SERVING AS\ITS PRESIDENT FOR
TEN YEARS. FROM A PHOTOGRAPH BY HODSON.
Francisco, which will be one of *~5 great
citics-of the world, is also destined to be
the seat of initial experiments of many
kinds in the future. The Pacific Coast
will be the ground upon ' which all* new
discoveries will be tested. Already elec
tric-roads "are operated in- California with
power brought a distance of ISO miles. On
this coast climate will always be the sub
ject of close attention, and deservedly so.
The. elevation of the summit of Tamal
pais is particularly, favorable for the use
of wireless telegraphy. In connection with
the view of the ocean that ft commands
it would :be an", outmost of rare value- in
ministering to 'the welfare of -shipping,
sending news of Impending storms far out
to sea and receiving urgent messages from
.. : * *- ... - . . . _^ - - . -
equal distances. 5 . , -
Chance for Puhlic Spirit.
* "I see a chance now," said McAdie, "for
some publip spirited 'man or -men to con
fer a great - benefit upon the public by
furnishing funds for the construction of
the "observatory on Tamalpals' . summit.
»' NEW phase of political deals Is
y\ sn early • combination 'to-' bring
/=^\ about ¦; the nomination-, of . C. H.
-^ Garoutte for Chief Justice of the
Supreme^Court. The programme
contemplates the,.; 1 nomination : also of
Judge Edward Sweeney of Shasta and a
lawyer of Southern, California for'Asso
eiate Justices. The terms, respectively, of
Chief Justice W." H.' Beatty.. and Associate
Justices Ralph C. Harrison C. H.
Garoutte expire one year from next Janu
ary, and their successors must be chosen
at the general election to be held in No
vember, 1902.
! The spectacle of , Judges entering the
office-seeking arena and adjusting wires
to obtain support in nominating conven
tions is not one calculated to inspire un
bounded respect for the judiciary. When
the knowledge comes that an aspirant for
the honor of the Chief Justiceship is re
ceiving the support- of big lawyers en
gaged in the settlement and distribution
of rich estates public alarm may be ex
cited.
Sweeney Again a Candidate.
The Call understands that C. H. Ga
routte is in ths field as a candidate for
Chief Justice to succeed W. H. Beatty.
Judge Edward Sweeney of Shasta County,
Who was backed by railroad influences in
the 'State Convention of 189S for nomina
tion for Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court, is eaid to be in the field again as a
candidate. W. F. Herrin and J. B. Wright,
who advocated Judge Sweeney's nomina
tion in 1S98, did not press his candidacy
with all < the power at their command,
deeming- excessive" pressure at that time
inadvisable. W. F. Herrin has knowledge
of the political scheme recently devised to
bring about .the nomination of Judge
Sweeney in the next Republican State'
Convention. He expects that delegations
from the northern counties of California
Local 3Torecast^.Offlcial Says That
Scientific Plant Should \ Be the
Best in the World.
Secretary Wilson of the Department of
Agriculture has expressed his approval of
the ; plan, long entertained i by Alexander
McAdie, local forecast official of the
Weather Bureau In SanFrancIsco, for. the
establishment of a high class station,' ob
servatory and . laboratory on the summit
of Tamalpais Mountain. He has also re
quested Forecaster McAdie to prepare
estimates for the cost, which Is roughly
fixed at about < $200,000. ..' The -Department
of Agriculture has not the funds, so. Mc-
Adie says, to establish the proposed scien
tlflcjplant at this time. V; He Is preparing
the estimates- as. requested. He thinks
that there are wealthy men In the country
who could well afford to build for them
selves this striking scientific^ monument to
their memory, on- the,, towering peak of
old ' Tamalpals. The Interest that Sec
retary Wilson ¦. has manifested is signifi
cant. If it should lead to results in the
near future It would mean that the fore
casting for this region ? would be per
formed at the summit and not In San
Francisco. . ,
It would also bring about an extension
of the study of meteorological phenomena
on a wider scale than has been possible.
Forecaster McAdie* thinks that the ob
servatory and laboratory should be, the
best and most complete in the world.
! When the Presidential party was in San
Francisco Secretary 'Wilson had several
conversations with- McAdie on the sub
ject of the observatory on Mount Tamal
pias. • * ;
_ -Weather Breeding Topography.
The Secretary, stood on the summit of
Mount .Tamalpals and viewed the won
derful topography* of the country about
the ' bayjofy- Sao . -^i'anoisco, ~ the A Golden
Gate, the mountain ranges on both 6ldes
of tho bay and the valleys "that, are re
vealed from the mountain top and he was
greatly interested. To the west was the
broad expanse of the Pacific ' Ocean,
over which sweep the storms, that strike
the Pacific Coast as their initial point of
visitation in the territory of the United
States on their journeys eastward. North,
south and east, for many leagues, until
the view was bounded by the horizon, ex
tended, the fair land of California, with
vast agricultural interests to be benefited
by prompt knowledge of the meteorologi
cal disturbances from the sea. Almost at
his feet, as it appeared, was the city of
San Francisco, which manifest destiny
has selected to be one of the great com
mercial ports of the world. . He realized
that the summit of Tamalpais was favor
ably situated for the study of the
meteorological phenomena of the levels
from 1500 to 4000 feet and that It was feas
ible there to study frost, formations of
fog and other phenomena, which, in their
final application,- are of great practical
concern to mankind. What will come of
the matter is yet uncertain. Forecaster
McAdie insists that the department Is not
prepared to take action. There are
others who believe that the Secretary has
not Invited the preparation of estimates
out of mere idleness and curiosity.
Four Buildings Required.
To make up the complete plant required,
will, in McAdie's ppinion, require one cen
tral building and three other structures.
The central building would be the seat of
weather observations for this region. The
fitness of Mount Tamalpais for meteoro
logical observation has already, been de
termined by the small station placed on
the mountain some years ago at the in
stance of the forecaster. In two of the
other buildings there would be instru
ments, etc., for spectroscopic, optical and
electrical work. There would be uses
not defined for the third building.
"The problem before us," said the.
weather forecaster, j "Is the successful
scientific forecasting of atmospheric con
ditions. In no other direction would the
work of the aero-physical laboratory be
so ¦ pronounced. Carried from short pe
riods-to periods of weeks and months,
what 'branch of applied will be
found to exercise so great an influence
upon the r welfare of man? There is a
popular 'impression that forecasting
weather i conditions is, in high degree, a
matter of scientific procedure. . Much that
is scientific- in character has been done,"
but, without disparaging such work, the
present condition of our. knowledge Is
quite ; unsatisfactory. The direction in
which the demand, for^immediate appli
cation of our knowledge of aero-physics is
greatest Is in. connection with the tides
and fluxes of that aerial ocean in which
we live, the storms and currents of the
atmosphere.' We know almost nothing of
the electrification of the atmoaphet e.
How, the air receives its charge .we Tlo
not know and of the distribution of the
potential and the significance of its varia
tions we have only fragmentary and scant
knowledge." ' '¦•- * ¦- h -' -
- Advantages of Location. ,.
The "advantages of the 'location* upon
Mount Tamalpais "for a complete station
are two7 generally ; described, as enumer
ated by Mr. : McAdie. ,, The -first is 'found
ln : the elevation.-- Better -and^ quicker
knowledge _of ; conditions 'can' be 'gained
than upon the ground levels of San Fran
clsco,'where there are serious deflections.
The second advantage is In the opportun
ity, furnished ;, for" laboratory ; work.. San.
Sum of $200,000 Needed to
Provide Structures on
Tamalpais.
of the Cost, t
Wilson Requests McAdie
to Make Estimates *
NEW WEATHER
OBSERVATORY
ON MOUNTAIN
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC- NO. 41.
Venerable Physician Whose Researches in Realm of
Pure Science flade His Fame World-Wide
Goes to His Long Rest.
DEATH WRITES FINIS TO FOUR
SCORE YEARS OF DR. HARKNESS'
LIFE OF NOBLE ACHIEVEHENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.DANIEL McCANNA, Slater,
Mo.; conductor of freight,
train. ". ' • ¦¦ , .
P. J. AVDERSON',' Slater, Mo.; :
engineer of freight train.
FRA5IK BRIGGS, engineer of
passenger train.
I. S. ROGERS, Chicago;
United States Express Com
pany messenger.
3IUS. GILMAN of Coodland,
Ind.
These five rrere killed oat
right.
. D. W. HOOKER, Syracuse,
JV. V., died on the train.
MUS. C. W. SNYDER, Jasper,
X. Y., died on the train. ;
M. L. ROY, cashier of the
AVilmingrton (111.) Bank; died
on the train. .
SYDNEY j JOXES, Knnsas
City; died at St. Joseph's
Hospital. - ; '" ¦•
DAXIEL DOXXELLY, Mexico,
Mo., fireman of freight train;
died at University Hospital.
MRS. R. J. CURTIS, Genesee,
X. Y.; died at University Hos
pital.
Unidentified yoans woman,
supposed to be a 'daughter of .
Mrs. Curtis.
MRS. DIXOX, 67 years old;
died nt University Hospital.
MISS LULU RYDER, 25 years '
old, Kentland, Ind. ¦'.. ¦¦..-'..¦
MRS. PR AXCES WALTER o« |
Brooklyn, N. Y., mother of Ar-.
thur Walker, Denver; died at" 1
St. Joseph's Hospital. < ;• "'; '
Aged unidentified -woman; '
died at St. Joseph's Hospital.- ;
THE DEAD.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July lO.^Af ter a
meeting of the Grand Lodge of Fisher
men in Vancouver, the union salmon
catchers went out to -the fishing town of
Steveston this . ¦ evening looking for
trouble. They said they would drive the
Japanese off the river by force. The Jap
anese went fishing as usual to-night, all
armed," and the fishermen's armed patrol
left toward midnight.
Whites and Japanese May Clash:
LONDON, July 11.— Severe fighting, ac
cording to a dispatch to the Daily Ex
press from Lourenzo Marques, has taken
Ellace between Machododorp and .Lyden
¦urg, the Boers being defeated with at
least fifty. killed. > '
Many offers of aid were made to the
young Boer as soon as the numerous
sympathizers with the cause he represents
learned of his arrival. The immigration
authorities had detained him, because un
der the law they are supposSed to collect
a fine of $10 -for every stowaway brought
into this port. It was also necessory for
the Commissioner of Immigration to be
assured that Du Plooy would not become
a public charge.
The Board of Special Inquiry asked Du
Plooy questions about his character and
his health, and decided that the .Boer
was a qualified immigrant .provided the
$10 fine were paid and a bond given that he
would not become' a public charge. Mr.
Schramm paid the fine and gave the bond
and the Boer was. then officially pronouncad
to ; be a proper person to land on American
soil." Du Plooy was loudly cheered by the
immigrants aa- he left Ellis. Island. He
said: r; •*••<¦¦ > t
'; "The.war will be carried on for three or
¦four years yet. The Boers will never sur
render. The British will have to exter
minate them or take them prisoners."
NEW YORK, July 10.— David Stephen
du Plooy, " a Boer who escaped from the
British prison on Darrels Island, one of
the Bermudas, and stowed away on the
steamer Trinidad, was to-day released
from x-ais Island. He is now free to be
come an assistant janitor in a Harlem
apartment house. If he does not like that
manner of life he has the option* of going
to a ranch In Colorado.
BERMUDA, July 10.— Three Boer pris
oners escaped from the detention camp on
Darrels Island last, night. They 'swam
to the mainland and have not yet been
captured. . ' ' . ' ¦
CAPE TOTv N, July 10.— Marais, the well
known Cape rebel, -was hanged at Middle
burg, "Transvaal Colony, to-day. 'By
order of the military authorities the exe
cution was witnessed by prominent resi
dents of Middleburg. •
Marais Executed in the
Presence of Middle
burg Citizens.
BRITISH HANG
A CAPE REBEL
three sections on account of the heavy
Epworth League business to - San ; Fran
cisco. The wrecked train was the first
section and contained no 'leaguers. Con
ductor .Me Anna of the freight train, east
bound! had been ordered to meet' the sec
ond section of the passenger train at
Slater, the next station east of Norton,
but apparently overlooked the fact that
GOVERNOR SEES
A BULLFIGHT
Sport of Spaniards En
joyed by Nebraska's
Executive.'
• Special Dispatch to The* Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., July 10.— The South
Omaha Fair to-day celebrated Governor's
day, and a special bullfight was provided
for the executive's entertainment. A half
dozen animals were Introduced, but each
was listless in the intense heat and the
show was tame. One huge animal sought
shelter in a shady spot and the perform
ers prodded it' with their blunt lances In
vain.
The exhibition was followed by wild
bronco breaking, which was much more
acceptable in the Governor's sight, the ex
ecutive being himself a frontiersman.
Previous to the bullfight there ocurred
an elaborate parade through the avenues
cf the fair, companies of the Tenth In
fantry and various militia organizations
participating. Governor Savage was at
tended by his staff in full regalia. . . ;
In a published interview to-day Gover
nor Savage indorsed the sport of bull
fighting, providing the animal itself es
caped harm. He was told that so far no
bull's blood had been shed and replied:
"That's good. So long as the bull is not
badly treated there is no ground for in
tervention. The performers go into the
arena with a : full knowledge of the risk
involved, and if they are hurt it Is their
own lookout." '
I The bullfights will take place daily dur
ing the progress of the fair. It Is ru
mored that the last fight on Saturday
night will be for blood and the humane
society is making a special Inquiry in con
sequence. ri£ ~ : ' '¦'..' ¦
-DALLAS,- Tex., July lO.-^-Dudley G.
"Wootten of Dallas was nominated' to-day
by the Democrats of- the Sixth:'Congres
sional District' for the seat In' Congress
made vacant by the death of Judge R. E.
Burke. -•• : ' "• ¦ ¦;• '• 7,' . ', .*;.. . : '
Its statesmen who have applied these principles
from the days of Thomas Jefferson to the
present time, the Democratic party pledges "it
self anew to \ their support and earnestly ap
peals'to all patriotic men, without regard to
party names or past differences, to unite ¦with
lt> on. terms of. -perfect equality,- in the struggle
to rescue our Government from' the grasp of
selfishness and corruption and restore it to -Ha
former fairness, purity and simplicity.
The great danger which now threatens our
free Institutions Is the widespread corruption
which menaces the destruction of public, vir
tue. Vast ' sums of money are ' corruptly * em
ployed in popular elections; • official defalca
tions are so^ frequent as scarcely to excite at
tention, ' and political bosses role and rob the
people, all of which Is a direct result of Re
publican policies and legislation. ; \"
We demand that all official misconduct and
corruption be vigorously punished, that public
virtue be upheld and the -want of.it denounced.
COLUMBUS. O.. July 10.— The Demo
cratic State Convention here to-day had
'more prominent men as delegates than
any convention of Democrats in Ohio for
many years. It was otherwise distin
guished.
The nomination of Colonel Kilbourne
was appropriately called one of "spon
taneous combustion." Howell, Hidy, Al
shire and Holman were favorites at great
odds frcm the start. Young was sprung
as a surprise and nominated over Smoots,
who had been such a favorite that others
would not previously enter the race for
Clerk of the Supreme Court. None of the
delegates outside of Cleveland knew
Young, and he was nominated because
Cuyahoga wanted him. Cuyahoga could
get anything it wanted, except the head
of the State ticket, after the Johnson
amendments were ingrafted into the Mc-
Lean platform, and that document as
amended was adopted with equanimity.
Defeat of Monnett.
It was currently reported that Johnson
desired the nomination of Monnett as At
torney General, and the McLean men
wanted ilonnett defeated. At any rate,
the defeat of Monnett was so decisive as
to be a feature of the convention, and he
was not defeated by Mykrantz, who had
been the favorite, but by McCarthy, who
was being called an "also ran" on the
floor of the convention until one of the
Monnett men circulated the report that
McCarthy was an attorney for the Stan
dard Oil Company. When the reaction
came on this charge. Mykrantz withdrew
during the ballot, in favor of McCarthy,
and the latter-got two-thirds of the votes.
Monnett as Attorney General had
brought suits against the Standard Oil
Company and other corporations to cancel
their charters under the anti-trust law.
He had sought a third term nomination
from the Republicans on the issue that
he should be retained in that office to
continue these prosecutions. After his de
feat for the third* nomination in 1899. he
Eupported Bryan in 1900 on the anti-trust
issue and cam'assed Ohio and other State*
with Brjran. Jud^e Smalley In present
ing Monaett's name said he was known
from the Golden Gate, San Francisco, to
the Heir Gate, Xew York, as the enemy
of trusts.
Bryan ? s Picture Is Trampled.
In the alleged -stampede "for principles
rather than men" the most striking turn
of the convention was on Bryan. The
most bitter things were said on his leader
ship this morning when It was said that
his name should not be mentioned, and
that there should be no reference to cither
of the national platforms on which he
made his campaigns. After this plan had
been agreed on one of the twenty-one
members of that committee offered a
minority report reaffirming the Kansas
City platform and expressing confidence
in Bryan, and he received only six votes
out of 950 delegates on his substitute for
the platform preamble. A few moments
after the platform was adopted one of
these six delegates called attention to the
fact that pictures of other Democrats
were displayed in the hall and none of
Bryan, as heretofore. He started, to carry
a small banner with Bryan's picture on it
to the platform. The aisles were ordered
cleared and the picture did not reach its
destination. It was trampled under foot
and spoiled during the wild demonstration
when Kilbourne was escorted into the
hall. Members of the committee on reso
lutions say that over one hour was spent
after last midnight in efforts to strike the
word "salable" out of the plank on rail
way taxation, and several hours in de
nouncing the Chicago and Kansas C'ty
platforms and the leader who stood- on
them. The platform caused much com
ment to-night over what it does not tay
as well as what it does say.
Platform on Old Principles.
Most interesting of the routine proceed
ings was the platform. Hon. M A
Dougherty reported the following resolu
tions, which were adopted: ¦ -
The Democrats of Ohio reaffirm their belief
In the equality of taxation and other public
burden*: their advocacy of the equal rights
of all people, with special privileges to none
their hostility to the monopolization of In
dustry, with tendency on the one hand to
crush out individual enterprise and on the
other to promote a. *ociaIiFtic eplrlt among the
jveople as the only refuge from oppression; and
their faith in that theory and practice of con
stitutional government which brought the na
tion into existence, and have preserved It to
the present generation. With these objects the
I>emoci"atic party of Ohio makes the following
declaration of principles and policies:
CINCINNATI, July 10.— The twentieth
international convention of Christian En
deavorers came to a close to-day.. Audi
toriums Endeavor and Williston were
used for two big rallies in the morning
devoted to a discussion of the twentieth
anniversary session of the society. Secre
tary John Willis Baer of Boston presided
In Auditorium Endeavor. George W. Cole
man of Boston described the Christian
Endeavor work among soldiers and sail
ors. He said that two went down with the
Maine in Havana harbor and that twelve
more sailed with Dewey and the Olympia
into Manila. Bay. The Rev. George W.
Moore of Nashville, Tenn., told of the
work among the Afro-Americans, and
Frederick A. Wallace of Lexington, Ky.,
described the prison work of the Endeav
orers. The Rev. J. F. Cowan" of Boston
dwelt on the work among the foreigners
in this country. - -
Bishop B. W. Arnett' of Wilberforce,
Ohio, presided at the meeting at Audito
rium Williston. "What the Church Has
Gained"-- was the- subject -treated -by -the
Rev. G. W. Butler of Washington, D. C.
The Rev. Harlan L. Freeman of Sheridan
ville, Pa., spoke of the inter-denomina
tional fellowship of the society. The Rev.
W. S.' Ament of j. eking. China, spoke on
"International and Interracial Fellow-
Ship," President Clark on "The World's
phrfstian Endeavor Union" and the Rev.
George H. Hubbard of China on "China's
Greeting to the Intermediate Society."
: The afternoon rallies were given over to
the missionaries foe a discussion of their
needs.: President Clark presided at the
meeting In Auditorium Endeavor. Robert
E. Speer of New York, a member of the
Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions,
made an appeal to Christians to carry out
the injunction of the Savior to teach the
gospel, in all lands. The Rev. Willis P.
Hotchkiss of East Coast/ Africa, told. a
thrilling story of the establishment of his
mission in the African jungles.
The evils of opium and liquor In mis
sionary fields were given a- scoring. The
Rev. G. L. Wharton of Hiram, Ohio, a
missionary, said that they were the great
est evils in the missionary fields, because
the cheapest, strongest and most madden
ing kinds, of. liquors were used by the
masses of- heathen. The Rev. J. P. Jones
of India stated that for many centuries
India was a sober nation, till the coming
of the Anglo-Saxon with his drinks, and
that to-day drunkenness was regarded by
manj' as a mark of distinction. If Eng
land should evacuate India • to-day, he
said, the greatest evidence of her occu
pancy would be the number of empty
whisky bottles. Edward Holten of India
corroborated these statements.
Uncle Sam's Indem
nity Claim.
Turkey's Ruler Settled
Women predominated in the big rally In
Auditorium Williston In the afternoon,
which was presided over by Bishop Alex
ander Walters of New Jersey. Samuel B.
Capen of Boston warned his hearers to
beware of Russia, which, he said, was
holding down the Christian Endeavorers
in Russian territory.
SULTAN PAYS
THE THOUSANDS
"WASHINGTON, July 10.— The State De
partment has received the amount of the
An.erican indemnity for the claim against
Turkey, $95,000, through the American le
gation at Constantinople.
The money was paid by the Turkish
Government to Mr. Leishman, our Minis
ter at Constantinople, and was by him
placed in the Ottoman Imperial Bank and
drafts remitted for the amount. These
drafts have just reached Washington. As
is always the case, the claims in the ag
gregate considerably exceed the amount
of the indemnity actually paid, but our
Government has expressed itself satisfied
with the payment. It assumes full respon
sibility for the distribution, the Turkish
Government paying down a«lump sum of
$95,000, and leaving It to the State Depart
ment to distribute it among the claim
ants at its discretion and after its own
fashion. It is stated that , as soon as the
department officials can prepare their list
it will communicate directly with the
claimants. . .
These claims are principally based on
losses suffered by the American mission
ary and educational institutions in Tur
key,, notably those at Harpoot and Ma
rash, but there are a number of Individ
ual claims, such, for instance, as that of
the family of the unfortunate cyclist
Lenz, the Pittsburg man who was killed
by Turkish soldiers while attempting to
go around the globe on his wheel.
• The State Department officials feel the
greatest satisfaction at the settlement of
these claims. Secretary Hay has been
told by diplomats skilled in the ways of
Oriental diplomacy and experienced in the
political conditions of Southern Europe
that he never would be able to collect
them. Among other difficulties the State
Department had to contend with was the
jealousy of the great European powers,
mest of whom had claims .against Tur
key vastly larger In amount than ours,
and whose total was beyond the ability
of the Turkish Government to meet. For
more than a decade the American claims
have been pending. .
Reception to Oarsmen.
DUBLIN, July 10.— The members of the
crew of the University of Pennsylvania,
on arrival at Killarney, met. with an en
thusiastic reception. , The Urban Council
presented to them an address of welcome.
To-day the crew practiced on the lower
lake. ¦ *
KANSAS CITY, -Mo., July ll.-Mrs.S.
A. D. "Harry of Hoopeston, 111., died at
St. Joseph's Hospital at" 1:30 this morning.
Her husband, Professor Harry, is also In
the hospital. .. . .. ¦ . * - ¦
Leslie S. Coleman of Pawpaw, Mich.,
will not live through the night, nor will
Mr. J. D. Adsit of Hoopeston, 111., wife of
Dr. Adsit.
The injured suffered mostly from scaldsi
due- to escaping", steam from the' wrecked
locomotives, there being norbroken.'limbs.:
Some- of the victims had inhaled steam
and were in worse condition than at first
indicated.. ¦ Soon after their arrival here
three of the injured died at the Univer
sity Hospital and one at St. Joseph's Hos
pital.- Identification of the. dead was dif
ficult because the clothing had been re
moved to apply, relief to the scalded sur
face. • ' " ¦ " •* !
One of the deaths' at University Hos
pital was that' of ¦ an old woman named
'Mrs. JDickson of Wilmington, 111. Her
daughter is in the hospital, not seriously
¦burned. ¦ Miss- Luhr rRyder of Kentland,
Ind., aged 25,- was terribly mutilated, . her
face' being crushed and her body scalded.
She died at University Hospital at 7
o'clock.*- .¦ -: -•;' ' ¦',•.'¦ .'.. ," ¦ v.
Scalded by Escaping Steam.
the first section, which was fifty-five min
utes late, had not passed. The front
brakeman on the freight, who was about
four cars from the engine, says Conductor
McAn-na assumed the throttle himself on
leaving Marshall and was running the
engine when the collision occurred. The
trains met two miles west of Norton on
a curve surmounting: a hieh embankment.
A relief train started from Kansas
City at noon and returned here with the
injured at 6 o'clock this evening. Those
who died en route were taken to an un
dertaker's, while -the others were dis
tributed between two hospitals. The six
killed outright were left at Slater, Mo. '
The trains collided while going at a good
rate of speed. The engines were pushed
to either side of the track and practically
demolished, while the forward cars of the
passenger train telescoped each other..
The forward Pullman and the tourist
sleeper in front were burned. The bag
gage car was wrecked and freight' cars
wrere" piled on both engines and burned.
.The train which was wrecked was one
of the finest passenger trains in the
United States. The equipment was all
new, including the sleeping cars, coaches,
baggage car and locomotive. ' \
Onrthe arrival at Kansas City of the
train -bearing the wounded the sufferers
wi»ra taken to SW Joseph's and Univer
sity hospitals/ where-everything possiblo
was done for them. On the journey from
Slater four of the injured died and their
bodies were taken to an undertaking es
tablishment here. The train also brought
the bodies of Mrs. Gilland and daughter
of Gocdland, Ind.
Eight of Labor to Combine.
No question of the right of labor to combine
for the assertion of its rights and" for the pro
tection of its Interests. The burdens of the un
just and discriminating laws for which- the
Republican party is responsible-- fall chlefl>
on those who till the soil or labor at other
forms of production. The Democratic party
pledges Its efforts to relieve them, of the bur
dens which class legislation has. laid on thjm.
That the Republican party has. always up
held class interests and". is Justly chargeable
with hostility In both belief and practice to
the above principles is common, knowledge. ¦
It cannot be trusted to deal -with evils of
Its own creation. The arrogant assumption
by that party of all credit for -everything and
the threats of those who speak- for it and' Its
favored interests, already too;/: powerful to
cr*ate .artificial conditions of stringency and
distress, unless the . policies, they advocate are
supported at the polls, deserve. the condemna
tion of a people who a're 'Just and ' propose to
remain free. - -'-~"'?~J-"^. '<.' ' * • '" , "'• ;»-••"_>/'
.Inspired by the examples of the long' Une'^of
A navy commensurate with the international
importance of the United States', and Its prim
acy In the western hemisphere, and adequate to
the protection .of the lives and property of
American citizens the world over. •¦- ••,-:
The faithful -observance -and -.wider applica
tion of civil service principles, „ especially as
regards our* diplomatic and consular repre
sentatives. r .-- •
A constitutional amendment requiring: the
election of United States Senators by the direct
vote of the people. Hereafter until this - Is
passed, whenever a Senator- is to be elected,
it shall be the duty of the State committee
to give notice In Its call that the nomination
of a Senator will be made at the State con
vention. .< ;V .:.->
The maintenance of the Monroe doctrine as
heretofore interpreted and 'asserted by the Na-
Only territorial expansion' demanded ' by the
national welfare and the national safety tabc
at any time favoredr-the objection which should
have prevented " certain of- our recent occupa
tions being that, they imperil the national
safety without promotion of the national wel
fare; that they devolve upon ua enormous re
sponsibilities-we have no call to- assume; that
they are certain to be an unremunerative drain
upon our resources; that , they . tend to embroil
us with European powers;' that they weaken our
claim to supremacy. on. the American continent,
at the same .time that they lessen our ability
to make the claim good,* and that they furnish
a dangerous opportunity and temptation for the
disregard, of "the -self-eviden£ truth of uni
versal application that governments derive their-
Juet powers from the consent of the governed."
The obvious sympathy of the' national admin
istration with ;the British Government In Its
efforts to destroy the South African republic*
and the policy which has made the ports of
the United States a basis of supply for the
British army, without which the war could not
be successfully carried on, are -condemned by
the Democracy of Ohio.. . ;.;.';
The powers granted the Federal 'Government
were not meant to be used to conquer or hold
in subjection the people of other countries.
The Democratic" party "has never" favdred and
now opposes any extension of the national
boundaries not meant to carry speedily to all
inhabitants full equal rights with ourselves. If
these are unfitted by location, race or charac
ter to be formed into self -governing territory
end then incorporated into me Union of States,
in accordance with the .historic jjolicy.of , the. re
public, they should be permitted to .work out
their own destiny, - , .!•....
Opposes Boundary Extension.
Our merchant marine to be restored to its
former greatness and made the ally of the peo
ple against monopoly by the repeal of antl
quate and restricted navigation laws. No sub
sidies for favored shipowners.
Tariff reform was never more urgently de
manded than now. when th*e existence and
abuses of trusts have been brought about by
the policy of protection of favored industries.
The abolition ,of the so-called protective sys
tem and the substitution in Its place of the
traditional Democratic policy of a tariff for
revenue so levied as not to burden one indus
try for the benefit of another is demanded.
The enactment and the vigorous enforcement
of measures which shall prevent all monopolies
and combinations in restraint of trade and com
merce — the matter of first importance being: to
prevent the use of the Government as an in
strumentality for the creation and increase of
the wealth of the few. while preserving intact
the rlgrht of private property and the fullest
measure of individual liberty of contract and
assuring to every man the Just reward of su
perior industry and skill. We demand the sup
pression of all trusts and a return to industrial
freedom. As a means to that end all trust
products should be placed on the fre«S list and
the Government should exercise a more -rigid
supervision of transportation lines and abolish
In fact all unjust discrimination in rates.
The reserved rights of the State and people
to be upheld. Centralization, which would de
stroy them, to be condemned. A strict con
struction of the constitution. The greatest in
dividual liberty consistent with public order
and welfare.
The present Republican administration, in
the conduct of public affairs and in the man
agement of public institutions, has been the
most costly in the history of the State.
Benevolent and penal institutions should be
conducted upon a non-partisan and business
basis..
Tariff Reform Demanded.
The proceedings of the Republican majority
of the State Board of Equalization are a scan
dal. Property values, instead of being equal
ized, were increased or diminished at the dic
tation of political bosses, pursuant to corrupt
combinations and conspiracies. . , .
Steam and electric railways and other cor
porations possessing public franchises shall be
assessed in the, same proportion to their sal
able value as are farm and city real estate.
The Acceptance of free passes or other favors
from railroads by public officers or employes
shall be made adequate ground for vacating
the offices held by them.
The government of municipalities of the
State should be radically reformed' and wise
general laws be- enacted to correct abuses and
prevent their recurrence. - ',
The Democratic party, therefore, calls upon
the people to unite with it in placing the con
duct of municipal affairs upon a business basis,
that they may be administered by tha people
in the interest of all the people on the prin
ciple of home rule. No franchise, extension or
renewal thereof ever to be granted by any city
or village without first submitting the same to
a vote of ¦ the people.
Conductor at the Throttle.
The passenger train was traveling In
Mrs.. Emma Dickson, Wilmington, 111.,
face and arms burned; Eli Walker, Louis
ville, Ohio, slight bruises; Mrs. Kathor
ine Walker, Louisville, Ohio; G. P. Dick
son, 'Fairbury, 111., slightly bruised; Miss
Ora Tollman, Valparaiso, Ind., face and
arms burned; Mrs. Levi Archer, Crom
well. Ind., left arm fractured and burned
and face cut; Mrs. M.iry Mayer, Louis
ville. Ohio, slightly bruised; Mrs. Anna
Morrison, Valparaiso, Ind., face and arms
badly burned; E. C. Bray, Chicago, neck
sprained, head cut and internal Injuries;
Miss Lottie Still. Hornellsville, N. V.,
face, arms and hands badly burned; Miss
Hilda Hyslip, Chenoa, 111., back, shoul
ders, head and face seriously scalded; E.
M. Hyslip, Chenoa, 111., head cut, hands
and wrists burned; Mrs. C. W. Snyder,
Jasper, 111., face and arms burned.
The foregoing are at St. Joseph's Hos
pital. At University Hospital are the fol
lowing:
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July lO.-Six
teen persona are dead, two prob
ably fatally Injured and a num
ber of others less seriously hurt
as a result of a head-end colli
sion between passenger and fast live
stock trains on the Chicago and Alton
Railroad near Norton, Mo., at 7 o'clock
this morning. Six were killed outright,
four died on a train conveying them to
Kansas City and three died In hospitals
!n this city.
Following is a list of the injured: '
O. D. Sanborn, Chenoa, 111., head, hand
and face scalded; E. A. Kaufmeff, Chi
cago, back and arms "sprained; Mrs.
Bertha C. Mitchell and Mrs. Newton
Mitchell, Pontlac, 111., hands and face
scalded; Dr. J. D. Adsit, wife end baby,
Hoopeston, 111., hands and faces burned;
Mrs. Libbie Elkins, Bloomington, 111.,
hands and face scalded. , .,
The following were badly scalded:
Margaret Flnucanei Troy, Kan.; Sola
Hardy. Hoopeston, 111.; C. E. Null. Mex
ico, -Mo. ; Gus Williams (colored porter)
New Orleans; Miss Sadie E. Taylor, Wil
mington, 111.; Mrs. J. A. Miller, Bloom
ington, 111.; Julia M. Hayslip, Chenoa,
111.; Leona Miller, Bloomington, 111.; Mrs.
S. A. D. Harry, Professor S. A. D. Harry,
Hoopeston, ,111.; Leslie L. Coleman, Paw
paw, Wis. : Mrs. Frances Walker, Flat
bush, Brooklyn, N.Y., face and chest and
hands badly' scalded, inhaled steam; now
unconscious; a letter from her son,
Arthur Yvalker, at Denver, -was found on
her person; an unidentified elderly
woman, unconscious.
Carelessness of Freight Conductor, Who Runs L6co=
motive and Fails to Obey Orders, Cause of
Disaster on Chicago and Alton.
Bitter Things Said of the Twice-Ds
feated Presidential Candidate
end His Picture Trampled. %
Convention Turns Down the
Nebraskan and Shuns
His Platform.
Bourbons of the Buckeye
State Back to Old
Principles.
DEMOCRATS
PUT QUIETUS
ON BRYANISM
International Convention of
• Christian Endeavorers,
Ends. ;¦
Missionaries Score Eng
land's Indian Admin
istration.
BLAME BRITAIN
FOR THE EVILS
SIXTEEN PERSONS ARE KILLED
AND MANY INJURED IN A WRECK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -THUKSDAY, JULY 11,; 1901.
bcurne.
Lieutenant Governor, An
thony Howells.
Judge pf Supreme Court,
Joseph Hidy.
Clerk* cf Supreme Court,
Harry B. Young.
Attorney General, 31. B. Mc-
Carthy.
Treasurer of State, R. P. Al
shire.
Member of Board of Public
Works, James B. Holman.
Tor Governor, James Kil-
OHIO DEMOCRATIC TICKET.
2
Golf-Grip
Eye-Glasses
(Patented April 2, 1901),
NEVER TILT OR SLIP
Only to be had of
.642 Market St. instruments
jjmoer chronicle BUU.DIH&. Catalogue Free.
33 Q |BggSf . * 19 BoBB H u.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Post st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for SO-page catalogue (free).
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Courses of Study to fit young men for
positions as
CARPENTERS.. PATTERN MAKERS.
FCUND3YMEN. MACHINISTS, DRW6HTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
ENGINEERS.
Open to any graduate of the grammar
schools or equivalent course.
A QNE-YcAR- BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women over 16 years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIAXO AN r D VOICE. ;
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
With Instruction in
SEWING.' COOKERY. DRESSMAKING,
MILLINERY. HOME NURSING.
INVALID COOKERY. ETC.
NORMAL COURSES,
To PreDare Students as
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
' ' MANUAL TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a. fee of Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakages.
• /TERM OPENS JULY 29. 1901.
Office now open for applications. Send for
CataJogne. - - *
BARTON CRUIKSHANK. M. S- President.
ST. GERTRUDE'S ACADEMY FOR
YCUNG LADIES.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Augr.
5 1001 Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
Grammar and lower classes graded on State
Schools. Modern buildinz; steam heated;
lighted by eas; large exercise grounds: loca-
tion unsurpassed for health. Communication
by several Iine3 of steamers.
Address MOTHER SUPERIOR, Rio Vista. Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND' SEMINARY,
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS DI-
plomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic art and elocution: thirty-sixth year; fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. Write for catalogue
to MRS C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College
p. P.. Cal.
KAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS 'EMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Francisco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited ¦ by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 1901.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
THE: LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL,
for the university, law and medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
THF HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
SAN RAFAEL. CA1*
Military Drill. Christmas Term Begins
REV. C. HITCHCOCK Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments: positions for graduates.
SOS Larkin st. Illustrated catalogue. -
R. L. DURHAM. President.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls. 2128 Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. Th»
next session will begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalogue address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
•ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO, CAL. The next term will begin
August 15, 1901. For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
I 302 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
Co'lce Sav Rafael fop Young Lndies.
• Conducted by the Sisters of St. Dominie.
Opens August 1, 1901. Full college course of
studies. Modern building; steam heated. Un-
surpassed for beauty and healthfulness. Ad-
dress MOTHER SUPERIOR, College San Ra-
Xael, San Rafael, CaJ. :<
¦ _,_¦__ ;__',_ ¦ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
L. F VERDERY—HAD f^^F
TRIED PHYSICIANS CATARRHAL I 10 nmSX.
¦ A s D "Ss EP I DYSPEPSIA — CURED
T EONARD F. VERDERY. Real Estate «»»»..— «......»«¦ ¦¦•••«»¦
I and Renting Agent, of Augusta, Ga.,. * ,
"With many others I want to add f ¦ U^^^^^^, '>
my testimonial to the wonderful good Pe- » i^W^wlk '<<
runa has done me. I have been a great ' JHH®3HBs»S^!!f!§&Y^ "
sufferer from catarrhal dyspepsia. I tried , , • JfSf "¦¦•»¦¦'¦ '^xi|Ssa > ' >
many physicians, visited a . good many , , ' '
Springs, but I believe Peruna haa done I " ' isff Wssm, "
more for me than all of the above put . J^gfe. te^sv' "
together. I feel like a new person. I have I «a**«sSs; *S'— 5S iSliW
taken the Peruna and Manalin together «5S) rell§> <>
and always expect to ¦ have a bottle in fT ""* I • v^r^f "
my home."— Leonard F. Verdery- ,, 1/ / • M'jff] «
Mr. R. M. Baker, a prominent citizen , U X/%>. MX//
of Buckhead. Ga., writes in a recent let- W-jJp^iQ^Sc m$$S.* 7 "
ter his experience with Peruna to build fSffiHffigwp^^riS£/ f
up a broken down system. He says: aH^^lv^^r ¦ ¦'¦ I
"Some time ago I was troubled with TOpI^'I^b/ ?
catarrh of the stomach and spent lots of 1&$£MMm' k *
money in buying so-called catarrh med- jSffiffiS&BSr/ I
iclnes and paying doctor's bills. Peruna J&HvPtr'^ /( tvV^ "
was recommended to me by a friend ana .-d~Z^Rv^'ffilf /\ MsSiS^r-— "
after taking a few bottles I am happy to =^^^^%N^^%/^ v^V^^SS^r- ?
say that I am now entirely cured. i^«e-i232fcr$3>o^ ,/fi £§5~^<s?^L ?
"I can recommend Peruna because I , t^S?s\%?> *
believe It to be the best catarrh medicine **S^§§§§?****!5^^ 'fSsZmLS'Z' ?
on the market, fijy who>e system was /ZsPjIisi'^ ?
out of order and my health generally C^5§^\ K&vfc v^^^^' I
was very bad, but since taking Pe- \.' / f ~^ I
runa-/ am now enjoying better health Leona^ F - Verdery. J
than I can ever remember, and., fully •••••• •••_•••
believe that Peruna did the work, if yO u do not derive prompt and satis-
I shall always speak a good-mord in Its factory results from the use of Peruna.
behalf" -• write -at once to Dr. Hartxnan, giving a
63 & ffpiEW!? &J you viable TK
3T?£«£S i^L^se^o^tlftra^ Hartman, President of The
Peruna cures catarrh wherever located. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.
H Jhli Great Trala
I AliD runs but twlet
H par week during
liBSDH u ™ -
¦ Leaving at 9 im,
THE It trrlm In
GALIFQBNIA iff
UuiilEU its hltfH standard *
of service ts
ON (any maintain*.
WIFE
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE
Fire Association
OF PHILADELPHIA. In the State of Penn-
sylvania, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1900, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance- Commissioner of th-»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash -••••• $300,000 0»
ASSETS. " ~
Real Estate owned by Company $433,600 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages — 1.5C6.81O 83
Cash Marfcet Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,072.426 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 85.140 81
Cash In Company's Office 25.483 53
Cash In Banks.... - .- 230,70190
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,986 C8
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages y;,"""- 42.081 3J
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion .;..._ 838.283.5.1
Rentsdue and accrued. ...... .",...,¦. 2,180 21
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid...... 22,536 S3
Total Asseta ........~.....™.$6.340.2SO 99
LIABILITIES. • ~
Losses adjusted anr unpaid.. ..1,128.553 83
Losses . In process of Adjustment or.
In Suspense " ."..'.'....... .. .:'.:.::.. 144.R39 99 .
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 40.994 71
Gross Premiums on Klre Risks Run- • - ,
nine one year or. less. $2,685,982 33:
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,M2.»M«
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ran- ; ,'
ninjr more than one year. $2,377,-
*S9 64" reinsurance pro rata 1.285.369 SS -
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. 1,945,077 48
All other liabilities 348,37137
Total Liabilities $4,914.20183
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for Firs
premiums ••..'... ..$2,912,567 71
Received for Interest on Bonds and ' - .
Ilortgages 1 y.lVJ 107.244 70
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds,- Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 137.W3 «K
Received for Rents 18.697 93
Received from all other sources 8.704 80
Total Income $3,131.977 53
EXPENDITURES. " ~~
Net amonnt raid for Tin Losses
(including $294,808 23. losses of pre-
vious years) r $1,943,580 n
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or-
Brekerajre 858,87179.
Paid for Salaries. Fees ' and other ¦ • .
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 837.729 23
Paid for State, National and Local »
taxes 113.147 53
AH other Payments and Expendi-
tures • •••• 137,092 21
Total Expenditures $3,189,220 92
'¦':': : %4 '. iTrai
Losses Incurred during the rear....tl.797.2?0 S3
Risks and' Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks • .
written during the
year $304,327,744 J3.753,ai2 J4
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 282.637.311 3.S21.767 20
Net amount In force
December 31. 190O-... 410.681.756 4.793.767 99
E. C. IRWIM. Prest.
M. G. CARRIGTTES. Seer.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2StJi
day of January. 1901.
THOMAS B. PROSSER,
Notary Public
J. M. BECK, Manager.
JNO. D. RICHARDS, Mgr. S. F.Dept., •
219 SANSOME STREET,
.. San Franeiieo, Cal. ' "''-T;-
a p q fph ffSgn Kb «6w V 8 52s*s
FOUR.KINGS 9 > I i Tl
fplTlie CYCLE
yjfij \ Is one of the most
5S7 JL Perfect and en-
m3 r>r*rf^%* joyable cameras
? n the market.
IB iffl 1M ' — This camera Is a
6 IC&fn regular J1S 00 value. -It
1 hffl$>i is e QU»PPed with the
V Wetm finest fittings through-
U WJtk2| out and has a lens
V- WHS equal to that of any
h\_ K" l£Sk_ *"* Ou camera made,-
y A|£3S»~ Our price for machine
tf - ty$jfc-<. complete only
S1O.OO.
There is no photo paper compar-
! able to V7CI GLOSSY GELA-
TINE PAPEB. It is faTlnd
away a better paper than sollo
and costs 15 per cent less.ment and all kinds of machinery save
agricultural machinery. There is as yet
no agriculture in Manchuria, and not
enough in Siberia to justify the importa
tion of machinery. The steamers will
bring to America teas, silks, dried fish,
gold, copper, coal and tobacco. If Man
churia is ever opened to settlement the
lumbering industry willalso grow to enor
mous proportions, for there are vast for
ests there which have never been touched.
More than this, there is the trade of
Europe, much of which will eventually
come this way. But it will be seen that
for many years to come, at all events, the
balance of trade between San Francisco
and Siberia and Russian Manchuria must
be in favor of this port.
The steamers of the Russian line al
ready built and those building are large,
modern vessels of the most approved pat
tern, and will make competition on the
Pacific of the keenest. Running as they
will under the flag and with the protection
of the Russian Government, the competi
tion will be in fact as well as in name,
and the struggle for commercial su
premacy between the Russian city and the
English and Japanese ports ln the Orient
will be a death grapple from the first.
The merchants of San Francisco will do
well to keep their attention upon the new
Russian city of Dalny. When the Czar
builds a city he sees that it becomes
great, and the building of Dalny is a part
of the Russian plan to win unquestioned
supremacy in Northern Asia.
it ¦will one day be enormous in volume —
will pass through Dalny. The manufac
tures of the United States destined to
supply the colonists on the steppes of Si
beria will be received and transhipped at
Dalny. and from Dalny the products of
the Old World will be shipped to San
Francisco for distribution to all parts of
America. The trade that has already be
gun to find its T7ay to -Vladivostok will
eventually • be centered at the new and
more southerly port of Dalny, where there
will be no freezing of the sea to block
commerce in winter.
It will be from Dalny that the new
steamship line between San Francisco and
the Russian possessions in Asia 'will run.
The company that is to run these steam
ers, a Russian corporation, is already in
existence and is pushing out boats for
trade along the shores of China. One of
the boats that is destined for the trans
pacific trade is completed. A second wai
launched last month. Eight more have
been contracted for and will be built as
speedily as possible. The first of these
boats to cross the Pacific will reach the
port of San Francisco in December next,
and after that the boats will make regu
lar trips.
Possibilities of Trade.
The steamers will carry away from 4he
shores of America lumber, provisions of
all kinds, but especially flour, , canned
goods and meats; iron and the manufac
tures of iron, paints, oils, varnishes, leath
er, asphalt and its products, paper, ce-
FORT AND HARBOR AT PORT ARTHUR, THE RUSSIAN STRONGHOLD
,ON THE COAST OF CHINA. IN THE FOREGROUND IS THE TERMINUS
OF THE MANCHURIA RAILWAY ON THE GOVERNMENT WHARF.
Postmaster comiriissioried — California —
William M. Cleveland, Spanish Ranch.
Rural free delivery will be established at
Eugene, Lane County, Or., September I;
sub-station No. 35, San Francisco post
offlce, will be established August 1 at 1212
Ninth avenue.
These pensions were Issued to-day: Cali
fornia — Original — John Howard, Oak
Park, $6; John Leach, San Francisco, $6;
Ellas Reudy, South San Francisco. $6. In
crease — Daniel .8. Burson, .Lodl, $10;
George Crooker, Manton, $8; Lucius B.
Palmer, Pasadena, pi; Samuel Howe,
Santa Cruz, $10; George F. Percival,
Stockton. $10. Original widows — Annie
Hesler, San Francisco, $12; Lottie Turner.
Los Angeles, $8; Harriet S. Elson, Los
Angeles, $8. War with Spain— Original-
John I. Vanness, San Francisco, $6; Law
rence Grimes, San Francisco. $10.
Oregon — Increase-— Edward M. Story,
Tallman, $8. Original widows— Sarah F.
Henderson, Salem," $8.
Washington — Original —'Francis M.
Moore, Hesseltlne, $6; John Braden, Wal
la Walla, $6; Buell F. Smith. Coulee City,
$6. Increase— Francis W. Geiger, Pome
roy. $12; Reuben Crocker, Green Lake, $10;
Samuel C. Ward, Tumwater, $12; Joseph
Smith, Kalama, $12. Original widows-
Nancy Palmer, Walla Walla, $12; Man
dane M. Otis, Spokane. $8.
In army orders— Captain Edward A.
Miller, artillery, Is relieved from duty In
the Philippines and assigned to the ar
tillery district, San Francisco.
Changes Made by the Postoffice De
partment and More New Pen
sions "issued.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— The Postofflce
Department has Issued the following:
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
"Dunn, under the arrangement which
Lewis had with him, according to Lewis'
statement to us. was to receive one
fourth of all big claims, and this $200 was
Dunn's one-fourth of these two bills,
which I had collected on Lewis' assign
ment. My father asked Dunn for a re
ceipt, but Dunn declined to give one.
"We both spoke to Lewis and told him
that this kind of business was not right;
that he was not getting from the State
for his material any more than he
charged others for it, and that, in fact, he
was simply surrendering to Dunn a por
tion of his own earnings. Lewis replied
that he could not help it, that he had to
give up to Dunn."
Dunn declined to make any statement
to-day, saying- that he had told his story
to the Commissioners. He denied the
charge of blackmailing.
"I know of my own knowledge that
Thomas Lewis did pay to State Gardener
M. H. Dunn a commission on the bills
which were allowed Lewis on Dupn's
'O' K' mark. I saw Dunn paid $200 of this
money. It was . Dunn's percentage
money, which I had collected at the State
Treasurer's office on a claim assigned to
me by Lewis. The money was paid to
Dunn by my father, in' the presence of
Lewis, at* our old offlce at Third and J
streets, ln January, 1899, and was Dunn's
commission on two bills which had just
been allowed Lewis by the State, one for
$625 for fertilizer, and the other a separ
ate bill for $175 for various items.
SACRAMENTO,. July 10.— The case of
State Gardener M. H. Dunn, charged
with having exacted . bribe money from
Thomas Lewis for work done on the Capi
tol grounds. Is under consideration by the
Capitol Commissioners and an early de
cision may be looked for. The testlmony
adduced at the examination was of a
damaging character, Lewis saying: that
He had paid one-quarter of his earnings
from the State- to Gardener Dunn, this
payment being: a condition reaulred by
Dunn before he would "O K" the claims.
Although the Investigation was conducted
In secret and the Commisisoners have not
dlvuJged what occurred, -it is asserted
that Lewi3 told Governor G-age and Stats
Treasurer Reeves that . he had been
obliged to pay tribute to Dunn ln Bums
aggregating $2300. :
C. L. Hayford. who. with his father, G.
O. Hayford, conducts a real estate house
in this city and is a man of the best re
puto, repeated to-day in effect the story
which he told to the Commissioners. Said
Mr. Hayford:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
State Oapitol Commissioners
Take His Case Under
Advisement.
Witnesses Flatly Accuse
j Him of Exacting
Bribes.*
GARDENER DUNN'S
LARGE RAKE-OFF
Ask for a Sheriff's Removal.
TOPEKA, Kans.. July 10.— A delegation
from the Colored Ministerial Union of
Kansas is here endeavoring to persuade
Governor Stanley to remove Sheriff Ever
hardt of Leavenworth County from offlce.
They claim the Sheriff was guilty of mal
feasance in not attempting to rescue or
protect Fred Alexander, the young negro
•who was burned at the stake by a Leav
enworth mob on January 15 last. ¦ Tho
Governor and Attorney General are con
sidering the evidence presented.
SOME Idea of the character of the
work the Russians are doing at
Port Arthur may be gathered trom
the picture that accompanies this
article, the first photograph from
the neighborhood of the Czar's great fort
ress en the Chinese coast that has ever
been printed in this country- Probably it
Is the first photograph ever taken of Port
Arthur. The officers of the Russian Gov
ernment do not lend any great degree of
encouragement to the kodak idea, partic
ularly in the vicinity of defensive works.
The picture was obtained by a gentleman
who passed through that region lately
and is the choicest ln his collection. It
shows the outer harbor, and is taken from
the railroad " wharf . On the bluff to the
right are the great defensive works of the
port, built by the Russians and destined
to make Port Arthur ln effect impregna
ble. Within this bluff and still to the
right lies the Inner harbor, while the
basin and the Government docks are to
the left.
It is deemed necessary to thus expialn
the photograph both because it is the first
ever printed and because the people of
San Kranclsco have more than a. passing
Interest in the work the Russian Govern
ment is now doing at Port Arthur and all
through Manchuria. It will be borne in
mind that at the close of the Chinese-
Japanese war, when the forces of the
Mikado captured the Chinese stronghold
of Weihaiwei, there was a sudden and
startling collapse of the Peking Govern
ment and the world saw that the Mon
golian giant was the veriest weakling
among the nations. Then came the treaty
of peace negotiated between the plenipo
tentiaries of the powers and the cession
of Manchuria to Japan ln default of a
war indemnity.
The Sand of Russia.
It was at this point that the White Czar
showed his hand. It was no part of the
Russian plan that the control of Man
churia should pass to any power other
than the Muscovite. Manchuria was the
key to the Russian situation in Eastern
Asia. So long as China held Manchuria
and .China was strong the Czar would
make no move. With China known to be
weak it was not to be tolerated that a
strong power should enter that province
and hold the Russian forever locked ln
the Ice of Siberia. The great trans-Si
berian Railway, pushing out from. Mos
cow and St. Petersburg to Vladivostok,
would find the sea and justify itself both
as a commercial enterprise and as a
strategic movement, but it woiild find the
sea, with Manchuria in hostile hands, at
a point that would be locked in ice during
at least half the year. Russia could never
realize that supremacy in the Northern
Pacific, of which "all Russian statesmen
dream, with only the port of Vladivostok
as a marine base. The Russian vision has
been of a port below the freezing zone.
The prowess of Japan gave the Russians
their opportunity. The war and the out
rages of the Boxers made that oppor
tunity complete. When Japan seized Wei
haiwei Russia coolly seized Port Arthur,
and the Chinese Government connived at
the seizure. The reason for that became
apparent later. The treaty of peace nego
tiated with Japan, giving to that country
practical possession of the province of
Manchuria, was no sooner promulgated
than the St. Petersburg Government
stepped to the front with the announce
ment that Russia could not look with in
difference upon this practical dismember
ment of the Chinese empire "in a quarter
that had always been considered within
SARATOGA, N. Y., July 10.— Harry
Mann; the .theatrical manager is dying
at his cottage, here. . ¦ »-...-,..
FRESNO,- July 10.— At a meeting of the
officers of the Sixth Infantry, Third Bri
gade, r National • Guard of California, this
evening. Captain G. TV.- Stewart of Vis
alia, . commanding Company E3, was
elected to the., position of major of the
Third Battalion, recently created.
Theatrical Manager Nearing Death.
Stewart Elected Mayor.
Russia, unknown to the world, la build
ing a great port on the gulf of Talienwan,
almost under tho guns of Port Arthur
Forty miles in> a northwesterly direction
from that fortress, on the shore of the
gulf of Talienwan and with a harbor that
is said by expert engineers to be one of
the best and most commodious In the
•world, the Russians have laid the founda
tions of their new city. It is called Dal
ny. The name is Russian and the plans
will be Russian. The site— for the build-
Ing of the city has already begun— is on
the line of the Manchuria Railway. Dal
ny will be, in fact, the commercial ter
minus of that line and the point from
which Russian enterprise will seek to con
trol the commerce of the Pacific. There
will be great business houses there, and
from that port the steamers that are to
carry the Russian flag to all the western
world will clear. Tho vast trade from
America to Europe through Siberia— and
Eus3ia's New City.
But in the seizure of Port Arthur the
whole Russian scheme was not accom
plished. That gave a military and naval
base. The Russians are a modern ag
gressive people, and they realize therefore
that it is also necessary to secure com
mercial supremacy in the Northern Pa
cific. Port Arthur gives them the mili
tary advantage Manchuria gives that
military base unbroken communication by
land with the capital of the Muscovite
empire over Russian territory. It Is neces
sary to found a great commercial entrepot
with a trade that will ramify to all the
points o» the shores of the great ocean
at the doors of Russia and America. It
is here that the vital Interest of San
Francisco in the movements of Russia
comes in, for it is with this future Rus
sian metropolis that the commerce of San
Francisco will be carried on.
Then came the concession for a Russian
railway through Manchuria from Mukden
to Port Arthur, giving an outlet for the
trans-Siberian line south of the freezing
zone. That was a long step, although the
railway still ran through Chinese terri
tory. Not until the Boxer outbreak did
the Russians complete the work that was
probably In the minds of the St. Peters
burg Cabinet when Port Arthur was
seized. The relief of the legationers at
Peking saw at its close the' Russians In
actual armed possession of the whole of
Manchuria, and saw, too, the expressed
purpose of the Czar to hold what he had
taken, despite the protest of all the world
In arms. The world in arms weakened
and the Czar holds what he has. In the
dispatches of yesterday the announcement
was made that China had resolved to
withdraw all Its troops from Manchuria
"to avoid the possibility of collision with
the Russians." This may not be an actual
cession of territory in form, but it an
swers the same purpose. The Russians
have the province.
Russia and the Boxers.
the sphere of Russian Influence." The
Mikado did not deem himself as strong
then as he probably does now, and Man
churia was abandoned. It was said at the
time by the diplomatic •world that China
had paid Port Arthur as the price of the
interference of Russia. It w.as known
then and has become more apparent since
that Russian diplomacy has made the rep
resentative of the Czar at Peking- the
most influential of all the European diplo
mats accredited to the court of the Man
chu Emperor. The Russian Embassador
was listened to when any other European
Minister who approached the forbidden
city took his life in his hands. And the
prestige of England, which Russia had
most gravely to fear in the Far East, was
destroyed almost at one blow.
Ministers preach and physicians prac
tice.
There are about fifty men employed at
1 he sawmill, which Is owned by TV. J.
Doherty of the Union Lumber Company
of this city. It was at first supposed by
the xr.en that Mrs. Kinney had been fa
tally stabbed. Since it has been learned
that her wounds, while painful, are not
fatal, though they will disfigure her for
life, end that the Chinese was probably
insane, those at the mill wish that the
lynching might be undone. This was the
first lynching ln this part of the State
during the past fifteen years.
Lynchcrs Are Sorry Now.
"I learned after the inquest that as Mr.
Kinney was struggling with the Chinese
he was bitten in the wrist. The wound is
deep and painful. It Is hard for those at
the mill to determine whether Yung Fook,
who?* life paid the forfeit for his actions,
was insane or naturaily vicious."
"By this time the employes rushed the
Chinese in a body and after a severe
struggle he was knocked down. Mr. Kin
ney hurried to his wife's assistance and
Cli not witness the lynching. Others ex
amined at the inquest were exceedingly
re acent in regard to the affair.
"The Chinese, now frantic with Insane
rage, slashed at the frightened woman's
face. The knife sank Into the flesh over
the cheek to the bone and from the mouth
around and under the ear! Mrs. Kinney
ran screaming toward the men for help,
but she -was soon overtaken by Yung
F"ook, who threw her down. Tie was about
to plunge the knife into her breast when
her 13-year-old daughter grasped the
cook's queue and pulled him quickly over
upon his back. Jumping to his feet, he
out the child on the -wrist. Mr. Kinney,
5n attempting to protect his family, was
sliphtly stabbed in the arm.
"According to the story related by Mr.
Kinney. his wife was well pleased with
Yung Fook as a cook, but a few days ago
he had threatened to leave, but as hi3
salary was raised $5 a month he consented
to remain. Yesterday afternoon Mrs.
Kinney told the cook to fry some meat
which she was afraid was about to spoil.
Fook. who had acted peculiarly, without
Training lung-ed at Mrs. Kinney viciously
with a butcher knife. Her corset steels
turned the knife blade, undoubtedly sav
ing- her life.
Attacks Without Warning.
BAKERSFTELD, July 10.— Sheriff Borg
traxdt, accompanied by Coroner Buckreus,
I>eputy District Attorney Dorsey and
Court Reporter Laird, returned to-night
from Mount Breckenridge, whither he had
gpne to Investigate the lynching of Yung
fook by the employes of the sawmills at
that place. The Coroner's Jury returned
a verdict of "death by hanging at the
bands of parties unknown." No arrests
were made, els It was impossible to fix the
responsibility for the tragedy by the tes
timony given at the Inquest by the em
ployes of the place.
The story of the lynching and prior
events Is full of dramatic situations and
proves that Charlotte, the 13-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Kinney.
both of whom were stabbed by the Chi
nese, is a heroine.
"When I arrived at the sawmill." said
Sheriff Borgwardt, "the body of the Chi
nese was still dangling from the tree
•where he had been hanged the night be
fore. Th© corpse was cut down, A. large
lump was noticeable on his forehead, pre
sumably caused by the blow struck by
one of the men during the struggle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mount Breckenrldge Lumbermen Now
"Wish. Their Vengeance Gould
Be Undone.
Evidence Shows That Plucky
Charlotte Kinney Saved
Mother's Life.
Verdict of the Coroner's
Jury Over Body of
Yung Look.
ACCUSES NO
ONE OF THE
LYNCHING
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,*- JULY 11, 1901.
On the Shore of the Gulf of Talien-Wan a Great Port Is Being Founded
to Compete for Supremacy . of the Western Ocean.
RUSSIA BUILDING A COMMERCIAL CITY
TO BID FOR TRADE OF THE PACIFIC
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE HEW BABY
Opens up a new world to the loving
mother. If it is a strong, healthy baby
that new world is a world of happiness.
If it is a weak, fretful child the new
v-orld is full of anxiety. It has been
proven in thousands of cases, that the
use of Dr. Pierce'a Favorite Prescrip-
tion makes all the difference between
strength and weakness in children.
Healthy, happy mothers have healthy,
happy children. w Favorite Prescrip-
tion " the mother strength to give
her child. It makes the baby's advent
practically painless and promotes the
secretion 'of the nourishment necessary
to the healthful feeding of the nursing
child.
« I have been using: I>r. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription and can say it is just what you adver-
tise it to be." writes Mrs. Victor J. Hadin, of
Leonsrdsville, Rilcy Co.. Kansas. "I bejan
taking it just two noaths before baby came
and was greatly benefited by its use. The doc-
tor who attended me said I cid about as ¦well as
inv one he had seen (as I was sick only about
three hours), and also that your 'Favorite Pre-
scription ' was ' one patent medicine * which he
did hare faith in. We now have a darlinz baby
boy, strcngr and healthy, who weighed nine
pounds whsi born. During this month he has
gained three and one-half pounds. Have never
given him one dose of medicine.''
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in j»aper covers, sent free on
receipt of Zi one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
$HUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
r £3^ U32£4£ZXTZT.fcei.6:l&7t!i,S.7.Cil.i
\ 'Hf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
B World. Wrikn«ses a any contracted a
' 3k^ di!*v,t po>lii%ml 7ra r<^r 7 the oldest T
9 /fejK I : 'P ecl » l '« o" rt»e Coist. Est. 36 years. ©
f fffSfr fi DR- JORDAK-DISEASES CF MEK 4
\ I ffisfJB t»;nuilt«tion free and strictly priwte. \
0 I Uff [j Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ B Jf 1 H ""•W'M Curt in every case undertaken. \
A Til IV Wr: '« A* Boole. PDICOSOI-BY of A
V ¦ (I 1^ SlIlRIAbK, MAILED FJtEE. ( A. ¥
1 Q (J. valuable book for mm) 1
W DO. 1ORBA.V A CO.. 1051 Market St., 8. F. V
- OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
r° r th £ cure of GONORRHEA, GLEETF,
¦TRICTLRES and analogous complaint* of the
Organa of Generation.
Prlc« $1 «l bottle. Fcr eal* by dru«i«t«.
A'DvJS-K.xiMt^iYTEirTS.
' i5:5! s=jg||ra||.Tan Out-
• Jl| IWBoots
fFrftay's'SKlt!
! To-morrow I
; There's no use to come for 5
Z these shoes to-day — you .
J can't buy them until to-mor- Z
; row, nor can you buy them Z
at these prices after to-mor> -
I row. Z
They're specially priced for —
I Friday only, but are, now ln -
the windows. -
"We have such a sale every 5
I Friday. -
" LADIES' TAX OTJTTN-Q Z
BOOTS— Uke picture above. r
„ with canvas tope— a remarkable ;
• epeclal for Friday's sale - z
$2.15 pair
Z LADIES' ENAMELED OX- t
¦• FORDS — A very swell shape. ;
• with a heavy extension sole — —
• our treat $3 50 value, on sale Z
• for to-morrow only.. $2.65 pair ¦•
Z LADIES 1 PATENT LEATHER Z
LACE SHOES— Hand welted. •
• new toe. extension sole — a beau- Z
Z tiful little shoe— for Friday's I
sale $2.65 pair
• LITTLE BOYS' SHOES— t
• Satin calf — lace — a. pood strong *
. shoe— sizes 8H to 13. for Fri-
« day's sale $l.O5palr ;
CHILDREN'S KID SHOES—
• Lace, hand turned— elzes 8H to Z
Z 11 — worth nearly double the •
• price w» quote — for Friday's Z
• sale $1.15 pair
Z CHILDREN'S PATENT I
LEATHER SHOES— Cloth tops
—Laird. Schober & Co.'s make — Z
Z hand turned — broad orthopedic •
« toe— one of the finest children's »
• shoes In the store — ¦»
Z Sizes 6 to 8— regularly $1 73 — •
for to-morrow' b sale.. $1.1O pair «.
. Sizes 8H to 11— regularly $2 50—
• for to-morrow's sale.. $1.35 pair Z
: CLOSING OUT E
: Tan Shoes T
Z "We cannot afford to •
• carry tan shoes during;
1 the winter season. So -
we've cut prices to cost to T
• clcse them out. In the z
Z windows to-day. A good •
• chance for a bis savin?. I
1 Men's tan welted C
• shoes $2.40 pr.
• Men's white and gray 1
• canvas shoes 1.00 pr. -
Z Johnson & Murphy's »
. men's tan Oxfords.. 3.S5 pr. "
Men's {3.50 to $6 tan • .
Z shoes — odds and ends 1.00 pr. . •
• ¦ Ladles' tan lace shoes T
2 —kid or calf skin.... 2.05 pr.
" Ladies' tan shoes— ;
lace or button —
- Laird, Schober & *
Z Co.'s {5 fend $6
; makes 3.35 pr. Z
j Ladies' $3 tan shoes — ;
• odds and ends 1.SO pr. ;
» ' Ladles' tan Oxfords — j
• odds and enda, in •
Z Email sizes .35 pr. Z
I \ LUCKE.\rt# ;
ill 832 MARKET 5T,3.r A
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE-^ »-
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORE, IN THE STATE OP NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. IX.
19C0, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner ot tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and £11 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by tha Cook-
mlssloner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $400,000 CO
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company $1,089,175 00
Cash liT Company's Offlce J.358 30
Cash in Banks 100,327 60
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,295 S3
Premium* in due Course of Collec-
tion .i , 153,140 33
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 30,932 01
Total Assets Jl.478.229 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $53,653 75
Losses ln process of Adjustment or *
in Suspense » 44.S90 41
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 1,342 63
Grops premiums on KIre Risks run-
nine one year or less. J763.269 69;
reinsurance 50 per cent 01,631 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: more than one year, VSS5.-
432 65: reinsurance pro rata 222.720 84
All other Liabilities 61,873 24
Total Liabilities $766,020 57
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $941,637 63
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 73917
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 41,936 71
Total Income $934,403 53
EXPENDITTJRKS, -
Net amount said for Fire Losses
(including J84.74O 05. losses of pre-
vious years) I $394,231 11
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 19?. 654 30
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc €3,204 31
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes »,088 46
All other payments and expendi-
tures • 54,530 16
Total Expenditures $1,036,719 34
Klre.
Losses Incurred during 1 the year $664,825 10
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount -of Risks ¦ . .
written durinx the
year $180,165,849 $1,380,488 77
Net amount of Risks W
expired during the ,
year ,...,.:.... 163.884.S72 1,205. 193 79
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900..,.. 149.664,207 1.14S.7C2 24
- • GEO. S. A. YOUNG. Prest.
"WALTER 8. ALLEY. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Gth
day of February, 1301.
EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California in New York.
pacific coasTdepartment,
323 California Street, S. F. '
THOS. J, C0NRGY, Manager.
GEO. I. BROOKS, AssLMgr. •
BALFODR, GUTHRIE & CO ... Directora.
DR. BALL'S 8ELNVIC0R AT08 B2fS
Five hundred reward for any sMpfei
case we cannot cure. This secret VP^ 8!
remedy stops all losses ln 24 hours. ¦ P
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vart- |*nj p£S
cocele, Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, fTjpl *Rjf
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all Wb^J ¦**-
wasting effects ¦ of self-abuse or WbBI ¦ EK
excesses. Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 ¦"¦DBMasa
bottles $5; guaranteed to cure *ny cas». Aa- r
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 853
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market St.. S.'F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
I w Feii? Beassns Whidh fire iapidly Habing MUiiii
i a New Oafarrh ©ere Famous lIHfc
Uli Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, the new Catarrh cure catarrh, but dmply give temporary relief which ' PHpplplyf /^'td
re£9 has the folio-wing advantages over othei catarrh a dose of pl-y. • salt and -wrater T7111 do Just as vrcll. C^a'^si/' ffl f^" Ma \
IpH remedies. Catarrh must bo driven out of the system, out Lip tra/l j >Z j)iP^v
ga First: Thoso tablets contain no cocaine, raor- of the blood, by an internal remedy because p.n fllirtSljf \h"J/^i'
M% phineorany other Injurious drug and are as Internal remedy is the only kind which can be |3g < ftrl |l uf^l'"
Wm Baio and beneficial for children us for adults; assimilated into the blood. )J!| I \rWl. A'
[Si Cjls Is an Important point when it is re-callod Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do this better than g§ H Via C" I '\\fi If \
|fl that many catarrh remedies do contain these tho old form of treatment because they contain fei - ft W '^ ILh
fila very objcctlonal Ingredients. every safe Bpeciflc known to modern science In K§ , « H Jj >L
&m Koxt: Beicg ln tablet form this remedy docs tho antiseptic treatment of tho disease. PsYttB *
Bg& not deteriorate with age, or an exposure to the Xext; Tho use of Inhalers, and spraylns ap, m \ l\ B
fm afr as liquid preparations invariably do. paratusos, besides being ineffective and dla i|\\\!
M Kext: Tho tablet form not only preserves tho aPP°lnHnj Is expensive while a complete treat. || I
M medicinal properties but It is so far moro con- men * °« Stuart s Catarrh Tablets can be had at || 1 \ 3
H r, Tcnlent to carry and to use at any time that it U «™B «to_™ ln the United- States or Canada fe& A
Hi! only a question of time when tho tablet will en- forsocnts. ,„' \ " ' ,„ fejls »l
H tlrely supersede liquid medicines as It has al- ' A mother llTln S * Charleston, j Masa., tho » » \ V V
m ready done in the medical department of the p f y P^! s *f s ? r ' °/ " ? our chlIdren - lt08 ' Ml \ \\\
PSB t, i,'j q.. ( », onn . rr "Catarrh Tablets not only cured me of cbronio BSg&'A Xxvm
km United otates army, . _ E^st^ % \ v^ »L '¦
Oga nasal and throat catarrh, but they have saved pa sA \ n f - '
H Kext: ¦ No secret is made of the composl- me m ftn aQxlcm3 n , gh{ w , th ,, UIe on03 „ FH^s\\ \ A
m tlonof Stuart's Catarrh Tablets; they con- Dr. J. J. Reltlger, of Covlngton. Ky., says:-. l§k\ \\\\
m tain tho active principle ot Eucalyptus bark, red ..j 8ll - ered fmm catarrh ln head throa6 |pj§\ \ \ \ |
gS gam Mood root and Hydrastin, all harmless anti- every fall, with Btoppa-o of the nose and Irrita. \ \\ \ft
mm septlca, which, however, are death to catarrhal tloa ln the throat ailectlng my 'voice and of tea <'H\M\t\\\%
1| germs wherever found, because they eliminate extendlnf to the stomaoh. oaualng catarrh o! tha ' ' W \ tf\\ 1 1
£S| them from the blood. . Btbm&ch. Ibouclit^ a fifty cant package of
||i| Next: Yen can .not cure catarrh by local &ppll. <_ Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at my drU3Sl3"s, carriad Kgi \ ft 1 I \R
r5§ cations to the nosa and throat, because these are thorn In my pookeJ and U3?d thorn faithfully, and B 1 fl III
EjB elmply local symptoms aad such treatment can the in \7hl2h they cloared ray head and tM£r\ I I if
BH / not poaslbly reach the real seat of catarrhal dls^'; -throat was certainly romarlable. I had no • Sz|p I \ I I 11
g#5 case which is tho blood* for this reason, inhalers, eatarrh last winter and sprins and consider my- PliLi 1 I ill
Era douches, sprays and powders naver roally cure self entirely free frem any catarrhal trouble," E^^^sbowLffliPROMINENT VISITING AND LO
CAL MARKSMEN ACCUSTOMING
THEMSELVES TO SHELL MOUND.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 10-Stmr Farallon
for Skasuay. ¦; --. ¦ '
PORT TOWNSEJJI>— Arrived July 10— Schr
Albert Meyer, from Santa Barbara; schr Win-
Slow, from Callao.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived July 10-Bark
Louisiana, from Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMER.
BROWHBAD-Passed July 10— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Queenstown and
Liverpool. ,-'.-¦-
Wednesday, July 10.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 60 hours from San
Pedro.
Stair Aloha, Wehman, 47 hours from Port
Los Ar.celes.
Wednesday. July lo.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Wlllapa Harbor. c
SAILED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The San Francisco ball team is going to
Sacramento ' to-day in a somewhat
crippled condition. Hildebrand la out of
the parne on* account of the death of his
father, and Evans will have to play with
a bandaged hand. One of the small bones
in his pitching hand was broken last Sun
day by a batted ball. If the Sacramentos
have their new players for this series they
may be able to stop the Frlscos, who now
have the biggest lead that any team has
had since the beginning- of. the season.
The attraction in this city will be sup
plied by the Oaklands and Angels. Hud
eon will pitch two of the games in this
city and Moskiman will also pitch two
Johnson will officiate in the morning game
In Oakland. This is the line-up for to
day: . ,
Oakland. Positions. Los Angeles
Lohman Catcher Spies
Hodson Pitcher Hartwell
Eagan First base Hutchinson
Arrellanes Second base Reltz
Babbitt Third base Rellly
Francks Short stop Kelly
Dunleavy Left field Bowman
Drennan Center field Householder
Streib Right field Brockhoff
mento and Compete With the
Legislators.
Clubs — "Won. Lost. Pet.
San Francisco.... 39 27 .590
Los Angeles .....31 29 .518
Cacramento 28 23 .4o3
Oakland ; 27 36 .428
DTTDES AND ANGELS TO
; PiLAY HEBE THIS WEEK
The Germans Will Journey to Sacra-
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBUHG, July 10.— To-day's gams was
one of tho . most . remarkable of the season.
Boston lost in the twelfth Inning by two wild
throws, the first by Lowe and the other by
Dlneen. letting Wagner score. Attendance,
2600. Score:
Clubs— K- H - E ;
Pittsburg 1 * I
Boston • 0 3 4
Batteries— Chesb'ro and Zlmmer; Dineen and
Kittredge. Umpire— Nash.
ST LOUIS. July 10.— St. Louis bunched hits
with Brooklyn's errors to the first and second
innings, making three | runs which brought
them victory. Attendance, 2300. Score: .
Clubs— . R-- H. i E.
St. Louis » 8 1
Brooklyn 1 7 2
Batteries— Harper and Ryan: Hughes and
McGuire. Umplres-r-Schriver and Carfiey
¦ CHICAGO. July 10.— Philadelphia won In the
opening Inning to-day. Attendance, 60a'
Score: .
Clubs— . - R- H. • E-
Chicago 2 9 ' 2
Philadelphia.. 6 " •
Batteries— TCaddell and Kllng; Donahue # and
McFarland. Umpire— Cunningham.
" CINCINNATI. Ohio, July 10.— Taylor had the
locals at his mercy, and did not allow a man
to oee third base, and only one man reached
second. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cincinnati ~ 0 4 2
New York 3 9 2
Batteries— Hahn and Bergen; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umplre-^Behle.
, AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. July 10.— Harry Davis batted him
self into the chief place In the Philadelphia's
victory over Boston to-day, making five hits
out of a total of eleven. Attendance, 4343.
Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Boston 6 11 • 5
Philadelphia ....13 17 2
Batteries— Lewis, Mitchell, Crlger and
Schrelck; Frazer and Powers.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— Foreman's gilt
edged pitching and his team's superior bat
ting gave Baltimore to-day's same. The visi
tors bunched, their hits. Lee pitched & fair
game, but the locals failed at bat. Attendance,
2117. Score:
Clubs— R. H, E.
Washington — 1 3 1
Baltimore 5 11 S
Batteries— Lee and Clarke; Foreman and Rob
inson.
* MILWAUKEE. Wls., July 10.— After fighting
for ten innings against strong odds. Milwaukee
succumbed in the eleventh, the Chicagos mak
ing three singles in succession. Attendance,
1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Milwaukee 4 5 2
Chicago 5 16 4
Batteries — Sparks and Maloney; Callahan and
Sugden.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, July 10.— Cleveland lost
again to-day. Dowling pitched good ball to
no purpose and Cleveland's mlsplays helped
to Increase the score materially. Attendance,
800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 ' 12 t
Detroit 7 8 . 3
Batteries — Dowling and "Wood; Miller - and
Buelow. . - ,
Taylor Is Unsolvable and
Cincinnati Cannot
Score.
Pittsburg Wins From
Boston After Twelve
Innings.
FAST AND CLOSE
BASEBALL GAMES
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake 4 City. -. For full | information ask I*
M. Fletcher, 126 California street." :, •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
PORTLAND, Or., July 10.— A number of
representatives of Northwestern salmon
canneries returned to-day from New
York, where negotiations for a combina
tion of cannery interests on Puget Sound
and: in Alaska have been under way. It
Is learned. that the new company will' be
Incorporated in New Jersey within a dav
Or two with a capital of $32,000,000. Sixteen
million dollars of stock will be issued at
Once and the remaining ?16,000,000 held for
future operations.
Cannery -Combine . Completed.
¦ , CHINESE CAMP, July 10.— Two auto
mobiles, the 1 first that ever madeUhelr
appearance on the, Big Oak Flat road to
Yosemite, arrived at this place at noon
to-day. They made the run from Stock
ton in five, hours. These automobiles are
the property of Albert C.Aiken and Miles
Baird of San. Francisco,- who are accom
panied by their wives. They departed dur
ing the afternoon/ ; .
Chinese Camp Sees Automobiles.
"Hello. sir; how is it I catch you kissfnrr
my daughter?" "By sneaking in^pon u 3
sir!"— London Tit-Bits. '
(Last night .hundreds of people slept in
the streets and all were anxious to main
tain their places in the lines, which began
forming yesterday at the six registration
booths in El Reno. Many had waited on
the border: of the new country for two
years or more, and. the last night of their
long vigil was the most trying 'they had
experienced. . The- line ¦ was made up- of
the hale, the lame and v the brawny fron-
Beds Made in the Street.
The lottery scheme robbed the . "open
ing 1 ,' , of the. picturesque run arid the ex
citing times incident to the Cherokee strip
opening ten years ago. Compared with
that event the affair is tame, in the ex
treme. Although there' are perhaps 20,000
people in town no disorder 'prevails. As
a 'rule the home, seekers ; were > well pro
vided with money and i • provisions, and
aside from the long wait in the sun be
fore the registration booths no serious in
convenience has been experienced.
EI. RENO, O. T., July 10.— Following
out the proclamation of President Mc-
Kinley opening up • to settlement by tho
whites the 13,000 farms in the Kiowa and
Cqmanche country, the first registration
of home seekers was made.] here and, at
Lawtorr at 9 o'clock 1 this morning. ' Hun
dreds were lined before the various regis
tration booths when darkness came on to
night, and to-morrow and. the next day
the registration ' will continue until ¦ all
who come have been given an opportunity
to file their names. The drawing by lot
tery, will begin on July 29, and until then
none of the 50,000 applicants will know
whether or not. he has .been.; lucky enough
to receive a homestead. . ; : . '
Registration for Okla
homa Ijands Begins
Quietly.
CROWDS WAIT
AT THE BORDER
Trouble was prevented by the early an
nouncement that the line organization
would be respected by the Government of
ficers. Cheers and waving of hats greeted
the word and from this time on there was
no sign of trouble. Applicants were ad
mitted to the booths four at a time and
the filing proceeded rapidly all day long.
' During the day the heat became intense,
but no serious suffering was reported. The
numerous women in line were treated gal
lantly by the men, who shaded them from
the sun with umbrellas and furnished
drinks from the lemonade venders.
The second place of registration named
in the proclamation was at Lftwton, twen
ty-five miles overland, where r similar
scenes to those enactett in El Reno were
witnessed. The people in the vicinity; of
Mountain View and other points along the
border contiguous to that point left yes
terday for i the interior' and presented
themselves early to-day at. the Lawton
booths. ... .,, - > ...
Cheers From the Multitude.
tiersman, sprawled out in the diist. The
crowd before each booth elected a cap
tain and each man and woman in line was
given a number, which they pinned con
spicuously to their clothes. A company
member was permitted occasionally to ab
sent, himself fromthe line -for a short
breathing spell, and Invariably his place
was protected by his fellow watchers.
As the hour of 9 o'clock neared inter
lopers tried to push in and break the
numerical- order in the line organization.
This Instantly raised bad blood, and when
word was passed down the line a little
later that the booth officials would ' not
recognize the line organization but would
register the first persons to present them
selves there were threats of violence and
rioting seemed likely.
ties that will make 'Itself -felt when the
prizes are to be distributed. Foremost
among them is William Hayes, king of
American riflemen. On many, a range he
has earned medals and prizes. Accom
panying him are .Fred C. Rose, the first
king of the National Federation of Shoot
ers; . H.'-M. Pope, the celebrated Connec
ticut sharpshooter; Messrs.- Busfield,
Geisel and Hansen, all famous for the
accuracy of their aim and the accomplish
ment of feats .with the rifle that have won
for them honor and substantial reward.
pTT*^ HE best shots of America are be
. II . ginning to arrive in this city and
II • day after day the number is swell
" :ll ing. By Saturday the "bulk "of -the
visitors will be on the' scene and
the annual gathering of marksmen, this
year held at Shell Mound Park, will open
In full blast Sunday morning with all tho
ceremonial rites of a National Shooting
Bundes gathering. ,-y
; Several prominent visitors came in yes
terday. They comprise a party of celebri-
I At Corbin," a few. miles below Wickes,
the concentrator of the Helena and Liv
ingston Smelting and Reduction Company
was damaged; to* the extent of .'several
thousand dollars.- The business portion of
the town was flooded and merchandise of
all kinds ruined.. About five miles below
Corbin the farms of a number of ranch
men were overflowed and crops destroyed
County roads and bridges for about eight
miles were damaged and washed out
There were no fatalities. By the time
the wall of water had reached Corbin Jt
waa a raging torrent. In some - places
within a few miles of Helena the lowlands
were overflowed. « . ' . . - . •
: HELENA, Mont.; July 10.— A cloudburst
occurred near "Wickes, Mont, yesterday,
about twenty-five miles from Helena, do
ing great damage. The Montana Central
Railway suffered heavily. The road a
short distance from that town was dam
aged for about 600 feet, bridges ¦¦ being
washed away and the approaches, so that
it will probably be a week before perma
nent repairs are made. '
Great Flood Sweeps Over
Farmers' Homes in
Montana, i
TOWNS RUINED
BY CLOUDBURST
More delegations from the far East are
expected to-day. General entertainments
are being planned by,- the German socie
ties of this city in honor of the visitors.
, The vanguard of the Denver riflemen
pur. in an appearance yesterday and it 13
the precursor of a big contingent which
will follow within a day or two. The new
comers are making the best of the short
time which is left before the fest is in
stalled. On the Shell Mouhd ranges they
are to be found. The change of range,
atmospheric and light conditions are be
ing studied by the enthusiasts and the
candidates for prize honors.
The . prize of the.New York Schuetzen
Corps, the oldest in America, arrived yes
terday. It is $150 in bright, newly minted
gold arranged artistically In a handsome
plush case.
Captain F. A'. Kuhls, president of the
National Federation of Clubs, accompa
nied the reception committee on the way
to meet the distinguished visitors. On
the committee were John D. Heise, Louis
Haake, August Jungblut, N. Ahrens, F.
P. Schuster, Henry M. Wreden, Edward
H. Goetze and George Alpers.
Two 'days after the opening of the fest,
which will be on. July 14, the Native Sons
will have a day. The entertainment com
mittee of the bund received a communi
cation yesterday from Henry Lunstedt,
grand secretary of the Native Sons, in
forming the committee that the board of
officers of the Grand Parlor had formally
accepted the designation of July 16 as
Native Sons' day.
Mr. C. George Krogness of Chicago, whai
Is a special advertising agent represent*
Ing several of the leading dallies of the
United States, has for several weeks been,
suffering from serious complications re
sulting from overwork, and accordingly
left Chicago about a week ago for a trip
to California.
He was provided with transportation,
which he carried In a pocket memoran
dum book, and leaving bis affairs In com
petent hands started on bis journey. His
route took him over the Burlington to
Denver, the Denver and Rio Grande and
the Rio Grande and "Western to Ogderi
and the Southern Pacific to San Fran
cisco.
As a rule in his travels Mr. Krogness,
possessed of a very affable disposition,
converses freely with the different con
ductors en route, but on this trip, feellns
too weak to talk, he lay Idly back; on the
Pullman cushions and handed up his
pecketbook to whatever conductor ap
peared without looking to see if the tick
ets were properly punched or the coupons
regularly torn off. He noticed, however,
that each conductor scrutinized his face
intently and quizzically, then smiled and
passed on without comment.
His serenity was undisturbed until near
ing Sixteenth street, Oakland, -where the
ferry tickets are given out. Mr. Krog
ness failed to receive his and asked the
conductor for one. The latter laughed
and reulied: "That ticket of yours is
good on any train in the United States,
old boy. but I can't Issue transfers on it
without getting into trouble."
"Why, what do you mean?" exclaimed
Krogness. "Aren't my tickets regular?"
And he pulled out his pocketbook.
All that he found there was a. miniature
reproduction of the well-known "hold-up'*
Gold Dust poster which adorns the bill
boards of every city In the country.
He was simply bereft of speech for the
nonce, then lie exclaimed: "You don't
mean to tell me that I have traveled from
Chicago across the continent on an ad
vertisement of Gold Dust washing pow
der, do you?"
"That's what you have." replied tho
man of the punch. "There Isn't a con
ductor In the brotherhood who doesn't
consider 'Gold Dust' worth Its weight In
gold and anybody who has the passport
doesn't need to worry about being put off.
the train."
Mr. Krogness found his other tickets re
posing in hla grip and la keeping tha
punched poster ticket as a souvenir.
SECOND SHAMROCK WINS
FHOM THE ITRST BOB3T
Proves to Be the Batter Yadtf in
a Couple of Windward
Trials.
HOTHESAT, Firth of Clyde. July l(X_
Another open water trial of the Sham
rocks was started at about 11 o'clock this
morning oft Bogany Pofnt. Island of Bute.
The challenger allowed the older boat to
get well away to windward and several
lengths ahead, thus permitting her to eet
the first of the fresher offshore wind
The Shamrock I maintained all her ad
vajita^e to Kilchattan, but the challenger
then picked up rapidly and passed the ex
challenger clear to leeward after a clever
In Kilchattan Bay the two Shamrocka
had a couple of windward trials of eisht
and seven miles, respectively. The lun
challenger finished the first race a half
mile in the lead. In the second race she
started to leeward, but worked out ,to
windward and won by a minute *
DISCOVERS A NEW
WAY TO TRAVEL FRJTVfl
Chicago Gentleman Demonstrates in
a Unique Way the Value of a
Good Name.
Open stake, 120 entries— O K Capitol va. OUta;
Sleety Mist va. Patriot: Greenback vs. Cash;
Master Lawrence vs. Honesty; Warship vs.
St. Ives: Vulcan vs. Best Bargraln; Strayaway
vs. Sir Pasha; For Glory vs. Ploughboy; Frisco
Lad vs. Liberator; Modest Lad vs. Naughty
Girl; Greenhall va. Gramercy; Flying Fox vs.
Swedish: Random Aim vs. Roman Athlete j
Parlor Maid vs. Thelma; Bad Boy vs. Va
grant: Lundin Links vs. Bonnie Pasha; John
Doe vs. Fine Fire; Homer Boy vs. Far Away;
Lady Clare vs.. Copper Kin?; Echo vb. Gama
Boy; Mose- vs. Wedgewood: Hawker v«.
Achilles;' Ulac vs. Kanaka; Candelaxia vs.
Banner Blight; Fontenoy vs. White Hat: Cliff
Wilson vs. Blackhead; Ripple vs. Real Article;
Black Flush vs. Luxor; War Eagle vs. May-
Bower; Rud9 Awakening vs. Johnnl* Rt
Shadow vs. Tea Rose; ! Narcissus vs. Royal
Anne- Dewdrop vs. Flower of Gold; TIb-uron
vs. Bowery Boy: Scottish Chief vs. Bona Fide;
Spiteful vs. McKInley; Sweet Emma vs.
Eager; Rector vs. Crawford Belle: Warpath
vs Athena: Motto vs. Royal Union; Jessiby
vs. Harlean Gladys: Kln^a Borderer vs. Rl
enzl; Union Jack vs. Rocker; Th<? GraXter va.
Tapioca; Herschers Pride va. Harper; Xor*
Lawrence vs. Santonin; Talk to Me vs. Boae7
Boy; Hot Haste V3. Trade Dollar; Golden Gar*
ter vs. Imperial; Agamemnon vs. Loyal Lad;
Tommy Rex vs. Golden Russet; Master Work*
man vs. Sir Lewrence: St. Helen vs. Roberts"
Army; Anchor vs. Rollicking Airs; Vandal v*,
Brutus; May Hempstead vs. Lear Klny; Pick*
pocket vs. Little Sister; Royal Archer v*. Ty>»
rone Prince; King Cotton vs. Pleasant Glrl|
Lawrence vs. First Foot.
Puppy stake. 16 entries— Harvey M vs. Tame
Tralee; Klllarney vs. May Gordon: Mlnnia
"Warren va. Funston; Rustic Arbor vs. Sweet
Locust: Rambler vs. Freeze Out: Rich Argosy
vs. Lothario; My >'ell vs. Alice Louise; Algia
McDonald vs. JBernal Lass.
At Union Coursing Park on Saturday
and Sunday two stakes wiU be run. a 120
dog open event and a puppy stake of six
teen entries. They are both of very high
quality. The draws are as follows:
Saturday and Sunday Cours
ing Is Full of
Promise.
High Class Dogs En
tered in Both
\ Events.
TWO BIG STAKES
FOR UNION PARK
NATIONAL BUND FEST— EASTERN BASEBALL AND RACING— YACHTING
Oroville Team, the Dissenting Ele
ment, Hakes a Heap of Trouble
for All Clubs.
TTOODL.AXD. July 10.— The Northern
California Baseball League is in danger
of going to piece?. It was originally
composed of four clubs— Woodland,
Marysville, Oroville and Sacramento.
These clubs have b«en putting- up cham
pionship.ball and drawing big crowds. For
some time there has been dissatisfaction
among the subscribers as well as among
the players with the Oroville manage
ment.
The trouble culminated last Sunday in
the retirement of the Oroville manager
arid the failure of the club to meet the
Woodland club on the OroviUe diamond
In a regularly scheduled league game.
Efforts so far to reorganize the club un
der a new management . have been un
availing:. Unless it is done soon an ef
fort will be made to gpt another club to
take the place of Oroville. . In the event
of failure to do that the league will prob
ably go to pieces. Woodland has been
giving Its club good support and there will
be much regret if the league should be
dlsl " upted - "• ¦.,:-¦ . ' . -
Bory Ough. Dies.
SACRAMENTO. July 10.— The two-ypar
old race hcrse Rory Ougrh.- the property of
John Lodge, .lied in this city yesterday
morning of catarrhal fever. He v was one
of the most premising two-year-olds In
the State. He was raced around } San
Francisco durinj: the racing season re
cently, closed an6. was a frequent winner.
NORTHERN BASEBALL
LEAGUE IN DA2JGEE,
CHICAGO, July 19.— T^ashington Park sum
mary: , ¦ ...
First race, five and a. half furlongs, purse
KSOO— Memaon won. J»ubert second, Hans "Wag
ner third. Time. 1:07 1-i . - .
Second race, mile and seventy yards, purse
$«X>— Evelyn Byrd won. Odner second, Gawalne
third. Time. 1:45 4-5.
Third race, mile and an eighth, purse $1400 —
Sidney Jjueas won, Malay second. The Un
known third. Time, 1:46 4-5.
Fourth race, eix furlongs, purs* I60O— Anna
Bain wan. The Lady second, Montanlc- third.
Time. 1:13. .
Fifth race, one mile, purse $700— Star Cham
ber won, Boney Boy second. Early Lily third.
Time, 1:4L . .
Sixth race, six furlongs and fifty-five yards,
purse $600— Seide won. Federal second, Beauty
Book third. Time. 1:16 2-5.
XEW TORK, July 10.— At Brighton Beach
to-day Jockey Turner, for the negligent rid
ing of V>'ax Taper on Tuesday, was fined $100,
his suspension being remitted. Summary:
First race, mile . and seventy . yards— Roe
Hampton won. Arden second, Huznboldt third.
Time. 1:44 1-h
Second race, mile and a sixteenth— Ethics
won. Scurry second, Dolando third. Time,
1 :46 4-5.
Third race, five furlongs— Bonner won. Som
brero second. Gay Boy third. Time. 1:01.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth— First Whip
¦won Decanter second, Herbert third. Time,
• 1:53 2-5. .
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs. selling-
Lady Sterling -won. Honolulu second. Man o"
TTar third. Time. 1:07 4-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Ondurdis
Tpon, McGrathiana Prince second, Goebel third.
Time, 1:14 4-6. /
CKCCIN'N'ATI. July 10. — Xewport summary: :
First race, six furlongs, selling — Cy Jaynes
won, John Todd second. The Irish Boy third.
Time. 1:16. " .. .
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Gibson
.Girl won. Jeannea second, Mr-'-. Brook wood
third. Time, I:28*±. . -
Third race, mile end twenty yard?, selling —
Pretty Roele won, Fuclno second, Meggs third.
Time, 1:45.
Fourth race, five furlotigs, selling — Electro
lytic won. Emma Bellow second, Abble Kirk
third. Time. J :0\
Fifth race, fix furlongs, selling — Larrv C
won. Flying Bird second. Old Phil third.
Time, 1:1514. -
-Sixth race, six furlongs— Remark won. Bent
ley B second. Beltaire third. Time, 1:15.
BUFFALO, Ju|y 10. — Fcrt Erie summary:
First race, seven furlong?, selling— Lillie
Hammerton wen. Lady Hayrr.an second, In
niFcara third. Time, 1:2?»4-
Pecond r«5e, rive furlongs, selling — Edwin
K>mpton won. Taxman second. Bronze Medal
thirii. Time, 1:C2.
Third race, one mi!e — Khaki won, Orontas
second. Chappaqua third. •Time, 1:4L
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs— Easy
'Street won, T>unsboro second, Bona third.
•Time. ;s€. •¦•.-. - -
_ Fifth race, six furlongs, .selling— Ida Pen
zance won, Francis Reis second. By George
third. Time..l:14*t. .: ... „ „,'. .
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Dr. Riddle
. tcob. Pharoah second. Ode- Brooks third. Time,
t;li. - . - . .. :.. ...- .
ST. LOUIS, July 10.— Delmar Park summary:
First rare, six furlongs— Kinloch Park won.
May Do second. Irving Mayo third. Time.
• 1:1 Vi.
iSfoorid race. mil* airi twenty yards, selling —
Lunar won, Judtre Pteadman second, Sylvlan
third. Time, l:4i»4. •
Third rac. f.vp-and'a half furlongs— Galla- .
'THier wnn. Ethylrne Fecond. Miss Wandelohr
third. Time. l:G:-ii.
F<>urth ra-e, mile and a sixteenth — Ida Led
* Jord won, Maximus second. Blink third. Time,
V.G.* ' ¦ ¦ •
Kifth rare, 'six furlongs— Vicie Vance won.
Bummer second," General McGruder third.
Time. 1:14%..
Sixth rax"e. mile and twenty yards, f=«?HInfr —
Miss Patron wen. Menace Eecond, La Desirous
third. Time, l:43*i.
BUTTJE. July 10. -Track fair, attendance
L pood.- Summary: • . . ¦ ¦. - , .¦<
First" race. ! pacing. 2:IR class— Oregon Buir
¦"w«A. W*n«eil *ervm<l. Royal third. Time. 2:1S%,
t-.i*;-*3ok- • - • ¦¦' •• •¦¦•¦ •
Second racp, five furlongs— LHUe Henry won,
Adnoor seconfl, Scotch Belle third. Time,
1 :°2** .
Third race, four furlongs — Tou You won. F.
M. Brattain second. Parizade third. Time.
:4S.
Fourth race, fnc mile — Spike won, The
Eutcher eecond. Gauntlet third. Time, 1:43.
Fifth race, fh-e and a half furlongs— Duckoy
won. Espirando second, Morlnga third. Time,
. 1:09.. ¦ ¦;
Sixth race, five furlongs — Montanus won. Jim
Brovnell second, Aur.t Mary third. Tim<\
1:C3.
Seventh r&*<». mile and seventy yards—Ting
a-L'ing; wnn. Old Fox second. Nonp Such third.
Time. IM. Senator FJuboi* finished second,
but was fliEqualinecl for fouling.-
DETROIT. Mich.. July 11.— Dan Patch made
a ecneatiqnal mile in the 2:15 pace at the Wind
sor. Ont.. driving park yesterday, winning the
first heat in 2:07 I 4.
2:15 class pace— Dan Patch won in three
straight heats% Winifred Stratton and. Cap
tain Bruno alpo started. Meda Medium, Silver
Hulo. and Ferrum distanced. Time. 2:07*6. 2:10,
2:30 class trot— Betsy Hoss won three straight
heats. Zarco. The King-. Ruth Adelaide. To
ledo Bee. Monte. Opera Fan Toppy and Ed
die W also started. Time, 2:13 I i. . 2:20'*. 2:22%.
2:2C^. 2:204.' 2:2«, 2:33.
2:09 pace— White Horse won three straight
heats. Kidney PoirTter. Goshen Jim. Ray Di
rect and Dairy J also started. Time. 2:09U.
2:12. 2:11. 2:liy.
RACING RESULTS
ON SIX TRACKS
Turner's Suspension Remit
ted, but a Pine Is
Imposed.
Sidney Lucas Captures.
Big Purse at . .
-Chicago." . j ,
FOG PREVENTS
BIG YACHT RACE
Third Meeting Between
Ninety:, Footers De
j "., * clajred Off. .
Start Is Made, but Boats Are
Soon Obscured From
View.
NEWPORT, R. I..' July 10.— The . third
race between the Constitution, Columbia
and Independence came to an inglofious
end late this afternoon In a dead calm
and thickest kind of Atlantic fog. There
was little time to form judgment on the.
relative speed of the three boats, for in
less than half an hour after the start the
boats ran into the fog and at no time
after that could all three be seen at one
time. ,.
A little over an hour after the start the
Constitution withdrew and came back to
the start. The Columbia and Indepen
dence stood on for the outer mark, which
they rounded with the Columbia about a
mile in the lead. The wind, however, died
down almost to a calm and the leading
boat could not finish in the time limit.
The race was therefore off and will be
sailed over to-morrow. At the timo the
Constitution withdrew, she was leading
the Columbia in the beat to windward by
nearly a mile and the Independence by
nearly two*miles. .
SUPERVISORS SIT
AS EQUALIZERS
Several Small Property-
Owners Secure Lower
Assessments.
The Board of Supervisors met as a
Board of Equalization yesterday after
noon and proceeded to consider the appli
cations- of many small and a few large
property owners for reductions in their
assessments. Mayor Phelan was not pres
ent when the meeting opened, although
he dropped in later, and Supervisor Mc-
Carthy took the chair.
Alexander W. Wilson was denied a re
duction in his assessment of property at
Turk and Taylor streets from $40,000 to
$20,000, and R. J. Techau, who wanted a
$10,000 reduction on a $20,000 assessment,
was allowed $5000.
Then Daniel Meyer, capitalist, stood up
before the board and was sworn. He was
asked what reduction he wanted.
--¦ "I- don't want any. said Meyer. • "I
don't want to be raised."
"How much were you assessed for?"
asked Supervisor McCarthy.
"Five hundred and eighty thousand dol
larF." . . •-
"Did you apply for a reduction?" • •
"No; I was void to come up, so I would
not be raised." _;
"Ah," said McCarthy.- - "Your '. assess-'
ment was arbitrary?" .- . . .
"That is so." . ._
"And was it just? Have you that "much
personal property?" . . , ', -
"I cannot say. Possibly less; possibly
more.. I do not know- how much. But I
do not want it raised."
"Let us hear from the Assessor," sug
gested McCarthy.
"I object." said Supervisor Stafford.
"The Assessor should not say anything
until Meyer justifies himself."
"How '.can I justify ' myself ?" asked
Meyer." -;
"You have not given a proper answer tc
the question," replied Siafford.
Does Not Know How Wealthy He Is.
"I cannot give any other answer. I do
not know how much I am worth."
"But we want to know," Stafford insist
ed. "We would like to raise you if we
could. >
"That is a bad spirit," said Meyer,
sadly.
Then he went away, and the Mayor,
who came in at the moment and bowed
to Aley<$r, , observed, solto voce, "A- case
of Daniel in the lions' den."
The board reduced the assessment of
the Pacific Glass Works to a merely nom
inal figure because the old plant had been
abandoned.
H. H. Wyckoff, representing the Congre
gational Church Building Society of New
York, asked to be relieved of the pay
ment of taxes on a mortgage for $1403
given by Bethlehem Congregational
Church to the people he represents, be
cause the money had been borrowed to
build a church and 'was in a sense a char
itable donation, inasmuch as no interest
was charged on the loan. ...
"It makes no real difference to us,"
Wyckoff said, "because if the mortgage is
taxed the congregation will feel in honor
bound to pay the taxes."
Raises a New Point.
The point raised was a new one. "But,"
said the Mayor, "how far can the board
take cognizance of the benevolent, inten
tion of mortgagees? We do not dispute
you, but we are not exempting from txa
ation money lenders who advance money
to churches with the expectation of get
ting their interest in heaven. If you had
taken a mere note from Bethlehem con
gregation, trusting to its honor to repay
you, we -could 'not have levied a tax." .
The application after some discussion
was rejected.
The balance of the session was devoted
to the equalization of small assessments,
almost every application made. for reduc
tion being granted.
The list of arbitrary assessments was
then taken up, together with the names
of those property owners who had been
notified but who had failed to appear. Of
these latter all reductions '¦ recommended
by the Assessor were ordered made. The
others, with the list of arbitrary assess
ments, went over for consideration until
next Friday at 2:30 p. m., to which time
the board adjourned.
Would Evade Franchise Tax.
Wells, Fargo & Co. filed a petition yes
terday with the Board of Supervisors for
a reduction of the assessment on its fran
chise of .The petition recites that
the secretary of the company made re
turn to the Assessor on June 11 as to the
personal property owned by the company,
and Assessor Dodge placed an assessment
thereon of $533,267. To this sum Dodge
added $750,000 for the company's ' fran
chise, on which no return had been made.
The company claims that its franchise is
not assessable .under the laws of the
State, and the Assessor did' not take into
account that the corporation pays taxes
in 3500 places where it has an office, and
that a higher standard of valuation was
used by the Assessor than that employed
in assessing other corporations,
j The Giant Powder Company also peti
tioned that the assessment on its franchise
of $150,000 be canceled. The company
claims to have paid $576 58 on a valuation
of $35,482 on its personal property, which
included $10,000 on .' its < franchise. Dodge
thereafter made another assessment of
$150,000 against the corporation.
Youth Attempts Blackmail.
NEW WHATCOM. July 10.— Daniel Wil
son, aged 18, Is under arrest for attempt
ing to blackmail wealthy property hold
ers under threats of burning their prop
;rty. Wilson sent two letters to C. H At-
Kins demanding that $500 be left at a lone
ly place just" outside the city limits. The
time fixed for the delivery of the money
was 10 o'clock last night: Atkins turned
the letters over to the police,- and I when
Wilson appeared to get the money he ran
Into their arms. At the Jail to-day he ad
mitted that he had been reading dime nov
els and the story. of the Cudahy kidnap
ing.-.' -¦ ¦•::¦-- .•--.• • _ . ¦ ¦ • ¦;. ..
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1901.
Sharpshooters Famous in the East Ready for the Big
. X_. ¦ —- Target Competition.
MARKSMEN BEGIN TO ARRIVE
FOR THE NATIONAL BUND FEST
4
I Varicose Veins, j
| Dr. McLaughlin Offers a Permanent Cure op No Pay. |
S ;¦-"¦,: Sapping the vigor of youth from the body §
8 <0mf\ V»v unfortunate sufferer; eating away his 8
8 W "^ courage, ambition and happiness day by day; g
«' |m !«» causing him pain and languor; making him 8
S fijr//^ a *si\ £^TyL ti^.d at nisrht. worse in the morning, and ren- S
« •t r i Jng i life mi5erabl e in general, this ter- &
S (j»V 2r?^ M rible malady p;oes on, and there is no cure for S
1 - !*pv. *g|gS^2£3 ELEC " I
jyEl ' Dr - SIcLanshHn's Electric Belt |
» w|8^ fM^ l grantee an absolute cure by my new 1
g \\^^iRSSs^ method. \ou have only to wear my Belt K
8 •> w "^ while you sleep, with special attachment car- §
8 * , . , ,, " tying the glowing current direct to the oarta 8
| CailtiOn! b D Z\nrw[J mha L iOn \° f m J Belt A » Nation* §
S r'tt^-j.; i t> , , m and bllstcr when they have any current at all S
g Call and^test my Belt free or send for free book with full information.' 8
§ It will tell you if you have Varicocele. Inclose this ad. inio «nation. g
I dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, 702 a^^^?^ 1
o " ' ' ¦ ¦ • - * ¦ ' Son rratjclaco. ~ - O '
What a luxury Pears'
soap is!
. It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All torts of people use it, all sorts of stores
•dl It, especially drug gists.ECHOOXERS XETTIE SUXDBORG, SACRAMENTO AND S. DANIELSON RACING TO SIUSLAW RIVER FOR $50 A
CORNER. THE WIND HAS BEEN DEAD AGAINST THEM FOR THE LAST FIVE DAYS, SO THEY CANNOT
HAVE MADE MUCH PROGRESS UP TO DATE.
Shipping Intelligence.
monwealth, from Boston, for Queenstown and
Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM-Arrived Juiy 10-Stmr Ams
terdam, from New York, via Boulogne.
RIO JANEIRO— Arrived July 10— Stmr . Me
teor, from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
TO SAIL.
The ocean h?is its u?es; therefore poets
are wrong, in calling It a watery waste.
FROM SEATTLE.
The hearing of the petition of Theresa
A. Oelrichs, Viriginia Vanderbilt and
Charles L». Fair for distribution to them
of the personal property of' the estate
of the late James G. Fair has been turn
ed into a scramble for attorneys' fees,
with the attorneys representing the trus
tes and executors leading the scramble.
Ex-Governor Budd, Knight & Heggerty
and Charles S. Wheeler have been exam
ining Charles S. Neal, manager of the
estate, for several days to try and estab
lish the great value of the personal prop
erty which there is to distribute and 40
establish a basis for the construction of
the trust clause of the will so. that it will
fall, let loose. the personal property .into
the hands of the Fair heirs and bring big
fees to them. Attorney McEnerney ; and
ex-Judge Haynei on the other hand,
simply want to prove that the work of the
executors and their lawyers was 'well
done. They want to sustain the validity
of the trust clause If possible.
The attorneys for the executors have
already received $185,000 for their ser
vices. Under Judge Coffey's schedule
the attorneys' fees on a $17,000,000 estate,
which it is claimed the Fair estate is,
would amount to $53,000. The attorneys
have already received about four times
this amount.
On the other hand, the attorneys repre
senting the Fair heirs have not as yet
been paid. Their fees are all contingent,
so yesterday ex-Governor Budd protested
and "Wheeler protested against the effort
of opposing counsel to produce testimony
upon which to base their demand for
counsel fees, while Hayne and McEnerney
fought for the coveted right. Finally
Judge Troutt ruled that in the hearing at
bar it was not 'proper to establish a basis
for a demand in the future for attorneys'
fees, but he Initmated that in event he
ordered the distribution of the personal
property to the heirs he would order $100,
000 withheld for which the attorneys for
the trustees could battle later.
During the morning session Manager
Neal talked about millions. His, testi
mony established the following facts rela
tive to the present financial condition of
the estate:
- Total income from real estate since death,
$1,379,077 53; income sales, real estate, $150,000;
income from Pine and Sansome, $268,511 83; in
come, Mission-street property. $40,862 12; in
come from personal property, $1,887,27133; in
come from sales of personal property. $4,164.
641 80 Total repairs, $338,113 38; wheat on
hand. $30,0C0.
These figures show that the estate has
certainlv prospered . since the death of
James G. Fair and furnish a good basics
for an argument by the attorneys repre
senting the executors that their demand
for. a few hundred « thousand dollars is
naught but reasonable.
Counsel for Trustees Want
a Hundred Thousand
Withheld.
Turn Proceedings Into. a
Veritable Scramble
for Gold.
FAIR LAWYERS
SEEK BIG FEES
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
' Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
.thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE3 — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Misslon-Btreet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes iater than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. JULY 11.
NOTE — In the, above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hsnd column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tido
of the day, except when there are .but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
arc in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when ¦ a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is "mbtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean ' of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, ' San Francisco Cal
July 10. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was drooped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
CO. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
The Pan-American Exposition
Will be the greatest this country has ever seen.
The entire machinery will be run by power fur
nished from Niagara Falls. ¦ Although the
power required is enormous • we. believe 1 this
cataract is equal to the task, the same as
Hostetter's. Stomach Bitters Is equal to ¦ the
task of. supplying the body with motive power
when' It . is : run down. There j Is no medicine
in the world so' good for dyspepsia, indiges
tion, constipation, flatulency and nervousness.
tw «t. ..¦•¦•¦ . . y
2326 lbf> beans, 300 lbs bread, 130 cs canned
poofls, 1(20 lbs coffee, 1500 lbs chocolate, E48 lbs
cheese, 17,310 lbs dried fruit, 26 cs drugs. 1571
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with merchandise for British
Columbia valued at J14.77;, including the fol
lowing: •
Merchandise for British Columbia.
To Germany— JG4 cr honey, 51.885 ft lumber,
fC gait wine. 44S.OnO lbs copra, 23S bxs 150 bbls
appr.altum, 37,4^3 lbs eago, 250 bbls Hour.
To London— £2.433 oils barley. 18,912 lbs cas
icara fa^rada, C23fi gals brandy.
To Svveaen — 300 es canned fruit.
To Central America— 123 cs 1000 kegs powder,
2S cs caps and fuse. 22 pkgs wagon material, 75
bbls flour. 2C bdls-; iron. 1 tank 1 cs gasoline.
To Colombia — 100 coils cordage. 13 cs canned
CooOs, 175 ira!* wine.
To Peru— S2C/5 l,bls flour. 4853 railroad ties,
207 Sir, ft lumber, V2 cb canned coods, 8 rolls
leather, .S jikgs agricultural implements. 169
cs salmon. CSf-0 lbs Oried fruit. 400 kegs powder.
703 colls cordage. 626 gals wine, 8375 lbs malt,
316 bdls shooks, 17.G24 ctls wheat. SS42 lbs soda,
l'> cs whisky 12 pkgrs electric light plant. It
Lbls machine nil. 47.C16 lbs tallow. 5140 lbs
prr-ase. S crs epv/ing machines. 100 kegs white
lead, 2r, cs hardware, S35 pkgs steel.
To Ecuador— IC'jj gals wine, 74,017 lbs lard,
23 cs canned C oods. 2C0O bbls flour, •' 40 bdls
brooms. SCO lbs dried fruit. 10 bales hay, 5000
kesrs pev.-der, 5408 lbs tea, C5 coils cordage, 20
crs potatoes. 10 crs cnions.
To Chile— C4S0 bbls flour, 101 cs salmon, £3 cs
'•anned goods, 12i ceils cordage, 2 cs vrine,
S205 lbs crease.
The KoEmos line rteamer Ammon, which
cleared yestordny fcr Hamburg- and way ports,
carried a peneral cargo valued at $135,115,
manifested and destined as follows-: For Mex
ico, JClc;; Central America, S422S; Colombia,
1640- Ecuador :23.1CC; Peru. CSLOtt: Chile, 121.
617; Germar.y. TS10; London. I21.C44; Sweden.
t300. The principel exports were as follows:
To Mfxieo— 71.0C0 ft lumber, C^ gals wine,
07 bbls flour, 40 bales bags, 12 crs potatoes. 33
of 30 keps powiltr, 20 pkgs groceries end pro
visions, 20 es machine oil. SI pes pipe, 40 bbls
«ment, 2S4 re.-ls telegraph wire.
The Roderick Dhu will load merchandise for
Hi!o; the Star of Italy, lumber at Melbourne
(onTiers' account): the British stesmer Strath
gyle, lumber at rcrtiand for Manila, S2s 6d.
Carsro for the Kosmos Liner.
2JE1J7S OF THE OCEAN.
The owners of the May Flint are mak
ing good progress with the wrecking of
that vessel. They have already recov
ered 3%0 tons of her coal cargo and now
work has begun on the hull. It was at
first thought the vessel couid be raised.
but an examination showed that her back
was broken. Monday last she was blown
to pieces, and yesterday the wreckers
xt-j-re engaged in recovering portions of
the hu!l. Whatever i.= salved will be sold
for old iron, and the owners expect to
make enough out of it to pay all expenses.
¦Wrecking the May Flint.
Round about the foot of Third street
and infesting the hay wharf Is a gang of
"wharf rats" that is making the lives of
policemen and night watchmen miserable.
It is only a few nights since they board
ed the scow Mir.nette and heaving up the
anchor sailed her over to Oakland Creek.
They then stripped her of sails, running
gear, anchor and chain, compass and car
go covers and left her, hard and fast in
the mud. Next they ransacked the
schooner Chevalier and stole th« cap
tain's clothes while he slept. In the pock
ets was the month's wages to pay the
crew, so the "rats" secured more than
S200. Eob GibEon had his Whitehall made
fast with a chain and padlock, but they
stole boat, chain, padlock and all. Hardly
a night passes but a dingey is stolen, and
the people in the vicinity are now satis
fied that nothing but a police patrol boat
will stop the thieving. San- Francisco is
the only "harbor in the world of its size
that cannot boast such a service, so it is
no wonder the "wharf rats" have it all
their own way.
Wharf Eats at Work.
Dr. C. B. Cooper, John Cassidy, A. Schier
hclz George Leahy, H. M. Whitney. J. H.
Maklns W R- James. J. A. McCabe. J. Lead
lngham. O. Dotrdcll. H. Kiley. T. Lawrence.
Brother Bertram, Brother Marx. Brother An
thony D. J. Carhman, D. Adams, William
Hawk and wife, Mrs. Janda, Mrs. J. M. Mon
f&rrat. Master Monsarrat, Mrs. Heitmann
and child and the three Masters Robertson.
Besides these the steamship brought up nine
ty-eight second class passengers.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landia arrived from Honolulu early yes
terday morning. She had to put back
after making one start and the entire en
gine-room force went to work on the boil
ers, which were put in flrst-class condi
tion. The run up was made in seven
day6 fifteen hours. The Zealandia. brought
tip the following named cabin passengers:
Considering Disabled Boilers.
Hakes a Good Bun From Hawaii,
APTAIN* LARSEN. of the schooner
if Nettie Sundborg deems his vessel
II . the fastest of the mosquito fleet
of lumber vessels. Captain Han
sen cf the S. Danielson holds the
same high opinion abo'ufHiis vessel, while
Captain Gruggel thinks the Sacramento
can beat anything of her size sailing out
of the Oolden Gate. The owners of the
vessels hold the same opinions as their
captains, so when the schooners were
ready for sea iast Friday a "three-cor
nered" race for $50 "a. corner" was ar
ranged. All three are now out six days
for Siuslaw River, and the owners of the
Nettie Sundborg expect to hear of her ar
rival early next week. Arrangements
have been made with the telegraph peo
ple and the result of the race will be sent
to the Merchants' Exchange. Ever since
the three schooners started it has been
blowing strong from the northwest, so
there will be plenty of chance for seaman
ship. It will be a dead beat to windward
all the wav up. and the chances are that
none of the vessels will reach Siuslaw by
next Monday.
*
ABBIVAL OF ZEALANDIA.
Wednesday, July 10.
Stmr Newburs, Petersen, 62 hours • from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 9 hours from Bowens
Landing; bound to San Pedro; put in to land
passenjers. x
Stmr Matteawan, Crosscup, 82 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, 18 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, 7 days 15% hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr Santa Cruz, II inkle, 46 hours from San
ta Cruz Island.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, 14 days 22 hours
from Panama.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, S8 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, 88 hours from Na
naizno.
Br Etmr Carlisle City. Patterson, from Hong
kong, via Honolula and San Diego 2 days.
Schr Fortuna, Olsen, 36 hours from Eureka.
Schr Lily, Bottger, C3 hours from Umpqua.
Schr Volant, Halverscn, 8 days from Port
L'Jdlow. *
Schr James H Bruce, Miller, 7 days from
Port Blakeley.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christensen, 9 days from
Port Blakelsy.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgensen, 3 days from
Cocuille River.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, July 10.
Ger stmr Ammon, Behrmann, Hamburg and
way ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Ger stmr Hermonthis, Knudsen, Nanalmo; J
D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn S G Wilder. Jackson, Honolulu; Wil
liam?, Dimond & Co.
Schr Halcyon, Johnson, La Paz and Altata;
Hickman & Masterson.
SAILED.
Wednesday, July 10.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Diego. *
Stmr City of Pucbla, Jepsjn, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Scotia, Walvig, .
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, .
Stmr Luella. Madsen. .
Stmr Asuncion. Evans, Seattle.
Stmr Geo Loomiif, Brideett. Ventura.
Stmr Wcstport. Ericsson, Bear Harbor.
Stmr Simoa, Hansen, San Pedro.
U S stmr Buford, Herken, Manila.
Ger stmr Ammon, Behrmann, Hamburg and
way jiorts.
Fr bark Beaumanolr, Andrain, Queenstown.
Schr Rio Rey, Hansen, Mendocino.
SPOKEN.
June 21, lat ' 9 X, Ion 27 W— Br ship Com
liebank, from Astoria, for Queenstown.
June 5/ lat 6 N, Ion 36 W— Br-ehip Rajore,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LODOS, July 10, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 14 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived July 10— Stmr Santa Bar
bara, hence July S; Btmr Noyo, hence July 8.
Sailed July 10— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived July 10—
Etmr San Mateo, from Nanaimo.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 10— Schr Lucy, for
Umpqua.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 10— Schr
VlkinK. from Manzanillo; schr A J West, from
Yokohama.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 9— Stmr George W
Elder, hence July 7; Br ship Argus, from
Honolulu.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 10— Stmr Iaqua,
from Eureka.
FORT GAMBLE — Arrived July 10— Schr
Okancgan, from Bristol Bay.
PORT TOWXSEND— Arrived July 10— Schr
Gkanogan, from Bristol Bay; schr C H Mer
chant, from Lahaina.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 10— Stmr Robert
dollar, from Eureka.
Sailed July 9— Stmr City of Seattle, for Skag
uay; Etmr Queen, for Sitka.
Arrived July 10 — Stmr Rainier, hence July 6.
XEAH BAY— Passed in July 10— Schr Wins
low, from Callta, for Port Townsend.
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived May 16— Bark Harry
Morse, from Astoria. •¦-?,>¦;
EASTERN PORT.
XEW. YORK— Sailed July 9— Stmr Advance,
for Colon, i - .
j FOP.EIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 8— Br stmr Glen
eck, from Tacoma. July 9 — Br stmr Empress of
Japan, from Vancouver.
Sailed July %— Br Btmr Queen Adelaide, for
Tacoma.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived July 7— Br »tmr
Caithnps-s, from Port Ludlow. .
TYNE— Arrived ' July 7— Fr bark Vendee,
h»nce Feb 12.
IPSWITCH— Arrived July 8— Ital».ship Dora,
froni Astoria.
KINGS ROAD— Arrived July 8— Fr bark Gen
de Boisdeffre. from Astoria.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 9— Br ship
Scottish Hills, from Oregon.
SYDNEY— Arrived July 5— Ship William H
Smith, from Tacoma.
. HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 10— Stmr
City of Peking, hence June 6; stmr Olympia,
from Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 10— Stmr Majes
tic, from . Liverpool. ¦ .
Sailed July 10 — Stmr St Paul, for Southamp
ton; stmr Zeeland, for Antwerp; stmr Cymric,
for Liverpool; stmr Laurentlan. for Glasgow;
stmr Duchess di Genova-. for Genoa and Na
ples.
BOSTON— Arrived July 10— Stmr Norwegian,
from Glasgow.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 9-Stmr Cym
foeline. from Manila, for Portland, ¦ Or. ¦ !'-•;•;.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 10— Stmr
City of Peking, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama: Etmr Olympia, from Ta
coma. via Yokohama.
MORORAN— Sailed July . 9— Stmr Almond
Branch, from Port Blakeley. for Calcutta.
BROWHE AD— Passed July 10— «=*— . rv»™-
Notice is' hereby given that the May Flint
wreck (SE.) whistling buoy, a small whistling
buoy, painted red and black horizontal stripes,
with the word ••Wreck" in large white letters,
moored COO feet southeast of the wreck of the
Bhip May Flint, San Francisco Bay, California,
is not sounding, the whistle having been dam
aged. It will be repaired as soon as practi
cable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901, page 21.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander U. S. N.. Inspector Twelfth
Lighthouse District.
Steamer Movements.
ARRIVED
pkgs fruits and vegetables, 20 cs fuse, 25 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 218 lbs bam, 12 cs
honey, 1162 ft lumber, 153 pkgs machinery.
21.E70 lbs malt. 800 lbs meal. 387 cs paste, 25
bbls pitch. 225 crs onions. 727 sks potatoes, 60
cs raisins. 166 pkgs steel. 400 lbs sugar, 1130 lbs
starch, • 5 bales twine, 235 lbs tobacco, 2 cs SI
gals wine.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN FRANCISCO BAY. CALIFORNIA.
t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 11. 1901.
Testing Their Sailing Qualities.
Nettie Sundborg, Sacramento and S. Danielson Are
THREE SCHOONERS ARE HAVING
AN EXCITING RACE TO SIUSLAW
5
:eamer.
'est:
nation.
Sails.
Pier.
• July 11. |
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavnj 5 pm Pier 16
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
G. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier t
Jnly 12.
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 3i
Columbia Portland & Astoria. It am Pier 24
Algoa Manila v. . Pjct. Sd. 1 pm PMSS
July 13.
Eureka Humboldt .., 9 am Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 12 m Pier 8
Alliance Fortld & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Coos Bay Newport & Way Pt 9 am Pier 11
Ncwburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Empire 'Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Acme Sluslaw River .... 3 pm Pier 13
July 14.
Santa Rosa. . . S. Diego & W. Pts 9 am Pier 11
July IB.
Leelanaw X. T. via Panama 2 pm Pier 20
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Jnly 10.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Arctic Nome and Teller Pier —
Noyo Humboldt — .'. — 5 pm Pier • 2
Jnly 17.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Nippon Maru China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Connemaugh. Nome via Seattle Pier —
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Corona San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 12
Victorian: Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 1?
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Chas. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City July 20
Queen Skaguay & AVay Ports. July 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 23
Nome City Nome & Teller City July 25
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme Sluslaw River
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Despatch San Pedro
Newport Panama & Way Ports.
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael...
Empire Coos Bay
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma....
Mackinaw. Seattle
Frogreso.J Tacoma
Alex Duncan.. Newport & Way Ports.
Santa Rosa San Diego
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports ....
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..
Arcqulpa Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Point Arena... Point Arena
Eureka.... Humboldt
Noyo Humboldt
Crescent City.. Crescent City
North Fork.... Humboldt
Mandalay Coqullle River
Pomona.; Humboldt
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
Bonlta San Pedro & AVay Pts .
Corona San Diego
Washtenaw Tacoma ...'
Santa Barbara Humboldt
San Pedro Humboldt
Arcata Coos Bay
State of Cal Seattle
Peru China and Japan
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports ....
Fulton Grays Harbor
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 12
July 13
July 33
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 13
July 15
July 16
Uuly 16
Uuly 18
Uuly 17
!un rises
!un sets '
.loon rises < 11:59 i
.7:34
i. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W H W
11 r.% 1:30 0.1 8:21 3.9 12:46 2.6 7:16
L2 ... 2:26—0.4 9:23 4.2 1:45 2.S 8:09
IS ..." 3:20—0.8 10:26 4.5 2:44 2.8 9:03
14 .. 4:10-1.0 11:18 4.7 3:40 2.8 9:55
5 ... 4:56—1.1 12:00 5.0 4:31 2.8 .10:48
6... 5:40—1.0 12:42 5.1 5:24 2.6 11:35
[7 .. 6:20—0.7| l:20| 5.3| 6:18 2.5......
Ft.
6.:
6.-
6.:
6..
6.-
6.:
:eamer.
'est:
nation.
Sails.
Pier.
• July 11. |
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavnj 5 pm Pier 16
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
G. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier t
Jnly 12.
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 3i
Columbia Portland & Astoria. It am Pier 24
Algoa Manila v. . Pjct. Sd. 1 pm PMSS
July 13.
Eureka Humboldt .., 9 am Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 12 m Pier 8
Alliance Fortld & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Coos Bay Newport & Way Pt 9 am Pier 11
Ncwburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Empire 'Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Acme Sluslaw River .... 3 pm Pier 13
July 14.
Santa Rosa. . . S. Diego & W. Pts 9 am Pier 11
July IB.
Leelanaw X. T. via Panama 2 pm Pier 20
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Jnly 10.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Arctic Nome and Teller Pier —
Noyo Humboldt — .'. — 5 pm Pier • 2
Jnly 17.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Nippon Maru China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Connemaugh. Nome via Seattle Pier —
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Corona San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 12
Victorian: Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 1?
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Chas. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City July 20
Queen Skaguay & AVay Ports. July 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 23
Nome City Nome & Teller City July 25
!un rises
!un sets '
.loon rises < 11:59 i
.7:34
i. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W H W
11 r.% 1:30 0.1 8:21 3.9 12:46 2.6 7:16
L2 ... 2:26—0.4 9:23 4.2 1:45 2.S 8:09
IS ..." 3:20—0.8 10:26 4.5 2:44 2.8 9:03
14 .. 4:10-1.0 11:18 4.7 3:40 2.8 9:55
5 ... 4:56—1.1 12:00 5.0 4:31 2.8 .10:48
6... 5:40—1.0 12:42 5.1 5:24 2.6 11:35
[7 .. 6:20—0.7| l:20| 5.3| 6:18 2.5......
Ft.
6.:
6.-
6.:
6..
6.-
6.:
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme Sluslaw River
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Despatch San Pedro
Newport Panama & Way Ports.
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael...
Empire Coos Bay
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma....
Mackinaw. Seattle
Frogreso.J Tacoma
Alex Duncan.. Newport & Way Ports.
Santa Rosa San Diego
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports ....
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..
Arcqulpa Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Point Arena... Point Arena
Eureka.... Humboldt
Noyo Humboldt
Crescent City.. Crescent City
North Fork.... Humboldt
Mandalay Coqullle River
Pomona.; Humboldt
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
Bonlta San Pedro & AVay Pts .
Corona San Diego
Washtenaw Tacoma ...'
Santa Barbara Humboldt
San Pedro Humboldt
Arcata Coos Bay
State of Cal Seattle
Peru China and Japan
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports ....
Fulton Grays Harbor
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 12
July 13
July 33
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 13
July 15
July 16
Uuly 16
Uuly 18
Uuly 17
¦
Centra! California
San Jose is the central city of California. »"'!
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almad>n
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
lets other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first cla"
In every respect, with service unsurpaswi.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street.
San Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. gan Jom. Cal.
Only Three Hours* Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful t>l»-*»
Jn *H California. Resident physlctan. Ewry
comfort and amusement. Rates — 110. $12. Stt.
$15 and $18 per week. Call on LEE 0. CRAIO
316 Montgomery st. and see photograph* of
hotel and surroundings. VTe take pleasure in
wrftln* full particulars. Address CRAIO Ai
WARNER. " ' ¦ *
nrnE seaside resort of central
¦* California, on Monterey Cay. Now cpen.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE, manager hotel:
FRANK REANIER. snpt. camp. Capltcla. Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest placs
In all California: Iota amusements; fine walks: •
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May li Circulars at city office.
918 Larkin St., S. F. DRURT & KROEOER.
WILBUR KOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal.. 28 mCea by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature lii
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com- .
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodstnsr.
Including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART,
Proprietor.
For the ! complexion. Indlsoensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all drueelsts.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
' Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Aicua Callente Springs. ' Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 46 miles via* C N.- Ry. or
S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tairic Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try It. Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone: expensive improvements; til
and. $14. COOPER & SHEDDEK. Agua Ca-
liente. Cal.
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful rummer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
hathinpr on the lake. Fishlncr and huntinv.
Boats. fi.«hlnrr tackle and saddle horses at mod.
crate hire; $2 per day. or $10, $12 «n<J $14 r»»r
week. Postofflc*. telephone. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRING?.
Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall.
pianos, billiard, pool and other games: every-
thing new; $7 oer week. Round trip by itmr.
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Peadle Bros.'. 34
Mission, and N. T». R. R. Co.. 14 Ransom*
et.. or nf DR "W. A. McCORNACK, Point
. Arena. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT RPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 SO per dajr; tlO to Stt per weeic.
Call .Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery st.. or
address KDSON BROS.. Beswick. Slskiyoa
County, Cal.
. WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
2'/4 hours" ride from S. F. : 5 miles from W-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
«ria. eczema, kidney, liver, stomach disease*.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boattn?
and bathing. Dancing Pavlllnn. t* to S10 a week.
Special rates famines. M. MADRID. Val!ejo. Cal.
Cfll II! f (UIFflUT HPMF Extensively j m -
3UL11/ UJ.'lriMl UUlUE proved: 200» ft.
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Larga
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold baths.
Fprlng water. Rates. $7 week iic Stage mefti
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
CAMP CURRY
Makes it possible for you to spend a week or a
month In Tosemite without exhausting all yonr
resources. Rates. $13 per week ; $45 per month.
Office, 630 Market street. ¦
yOSEWITEff
WII I fl W I? A Vf JT Former proprlrtor W.
niLLUU KArtVll Crandell— A summer bom*
in the redwoods. 5 ' miles from Santa Cm;
running water, swimming, croquet, abundant--*
of fruit, home cooklmr: tab!* *o?aks for itself.
For particulars. TULET ft ILIFF. Santa Crux.
~~~~~ mso.oo
Or less will cover all expenses of a 10 days*
trip to Tonemite. Curry's Office. (30 Market
street. S. F. .
YOSEMITE!!
.BOULD-R CREEK HOTEL.
Under new management. Entirely renovated.
First-class family resort. Fine hunting and
fishing. Sulphur springs. For terms and par-
ticulars address P. J. WELCH, Prop., Boulder
Creek. Cal. . -
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooklnr:
$7 per week and upward. F. • and A, M.
SCALES. I^keport. Lake Coonty. CaL '
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
$7 a week: camplns privileges. $1 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs.
| Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive at LakeDort at 3:30: arrive at
BartJett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horae 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Ppring* <"a!l for tickets by Bartlett Springs
. Stage Lln»>. • %
MILLER * HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTY.— New 13-passenger Tosemlt*
Stage, all outside -seats. Leav»«i Caliatogi
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:3* • m.. direct
to Harbin. Seigler. Adams. Ho\»*rd. And-r-
son. Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
ticket3;'half an hour for lunch at Calistoga:
also to M!d<51etown. Lower Lak#. Krlseyvtlla
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.. .
THE LAUREL. Los Gatos— First-class family
boarding-house; home cooking: beautirul
curroundings: 5 minutes' walk to town. Terms,
$S to *10 a week. Plaro. References. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one yea* for $L
postage paid.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
iflCARTEfis'
Positively cured by thess
> . Little PiJIs.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, i Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A" perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonj?ue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
y Small Price.
PERFECT
XJsed by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
DR.MEYERS&CO. Jffp|^
Specialists. Disease MM&r K
and weakness of Wjs^g/, ' ;
men. Establis hed JH^I/ n JIW'JII-
'free, at 'office or. by /^2<W!L
mall. Cures guar- $i&?-£Z?0>x£4l
anteed. 731 Mar- KS^Kffa$?vW
ket street (eleva- M\'*$i5®8$i'%r'<
tor entrance), San yfgk^v/j^^I^k
* OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamshio Co.
*K Steamers leave Broadway
fthlw w ."Wharf, San Francisco:
Vwj*^^. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
rapaffifffr July 15, 20, 25, 30. August 4.
i SjjB^v^JSgnik Change to company's steam-
i KB^ BflSiwtfS ers at Seattle.
Bs^^Pl a For Victoria., Vancouver (B.
I fiB@toffl^5BL1 <•"). Port Towmend, Seattle.
lJt^'^*i^^^^l Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
¦ • 11 a. m. , July 10, 20, 25, 30,
Ausr. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
July 11, 16, 21, 26, 31, Auj. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter. \
Foe. San Diego, stopping 1 only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
peles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.-;
Steamer Corona. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. .
Fos Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Har'ord
(San Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, Bast San Pedro. San Pe-
dro 'and 'Newport (*Cpos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay, Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays. 9 a. m. .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month. ¦„-¦,.:-.•.•
"For further ktafprmafton : obtain company's
folders. . N3»*,V - ,^&-y -" .
. The company . reserves .th« right to change
steamers, sailing dates and; hours of sailing
without previous notice. .. *
7ICKFT •'FFld — 4 .New Montgomery
Ftreaf (Palace Hotel). «-
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market: St., Francisco.
O. #?; St TV. CO,
Only Steamship Iilno to
PORTLAND, Or..
And Short Rail Lino from Portlnni to all
points East. Through ii;kets to all
points, oil rail or utenmshin nn'J rail, a:
LOWEST Xt,A.TE3..
STEAMER TICKETS INOLUDS BE3TH an! JISALX
SS. COLUMBIA... T
Sails July 12, 22, August 1. 11, 21, 31
SS. GEO. W. ELDER...
Sails July 7, 17. 27, August 6. 18. 28
D."W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Ag;t..l MontgronTy. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE. •
¦HEW TORE.* SCOTHAMPTOU. LONDON. PARIS.
.Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul...... August 7 St. Paul August 28
St. Louis August 14 St. Louli.. September 4
Philadelphia .August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. u
RED STAR LINE.
*New York and Antwerp,
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland - July 17 'Vaderland ..August 7
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..August 14
Southwark July 31 *Zeeland ..:.. August 21 ¦
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
- INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. 4 TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
| SECOND TRIP I
: Of the Palatial Steamer, H
I JOHN &¦ KIMBALL 9
; July 14, from San Francisco Direct to B
j Teller, Golofnln, St. Michael, etc. 12
<¦ Safety, Speed and Comfort. . H
* Passenger and Freieht Rates the Eg
¦j LOWEST. R
I CHAS CONKIJN & CO.. Apents. . M
§3 . Kew Office. 710 Market st. ; fej
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, ttc. No cargo received en board on
day of sailing. - " I
SS. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. July 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Saturday, Aug. 10, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday, September 4, 1901
Round-trip -tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA .SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOR ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from Har-
rison-st. wharf, 12 m. .
AREQUIPA .'...July 17IPERU August 7
ACONCAGUA ..July 2VGUATEMALA... Aug 22
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
fNo chanrre at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
f an d passenger office. 316 California street.
' BAL.FOUR, GUTHRIE <fe CO., Gen. Agents.
"PANAMA ll- : i!Ky-'
TO NEW; YORK; VIA PANAMA, DIRECT.
5<ii2 Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40. -
S.S.Leelnnaw. -sails Md.nJ *y, July 15
S. S. Arfiyll , r : -sails Monilay, Aug. 12
S. S. Lce'anaw >al'« Monlav, Aug; 26
•From Stepart street at 2 p.' m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F.' CONNOR. Pacific . Coast Agent.
BAY AND El VEB STEAMERS.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or.MONTICELLO.
• 9:45 a. m., ; i 3:15 and 8:30 • p. m.V except | Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 -a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. tn., 4:13 p. m. ,- Far* 59
cents. Telephone Main IMS. . Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. MUslOD-st. dasli. HATCH BRO3.
CAMP REVERSE,
'¦ IN THE^— -
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW_OPEN,
Camp Reverie on the Guernevllle branch of
the California Northwestern Railway is practi-
cally a hotel under canvas. , .
Table board by the week. $6 50. Furnished
tent5— different sizes— everything new— charges
reasonable. Railroad fare from San Francisco,
round tr«p.- J2 50. Take boat at Tiburon Ferry.
Call or ¦ address Camp Reverie Association.
Room 81. Flood Building, San Francisco, for
particulars and booklets; or write Camp Reverie
Association. P. O. Forestville. Sonoma Co.
Cal. Booklets may also be had at the tlcke.
offices of the California Northwestern Railway.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3',4' Hours' Ride From Los Angeles CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE V,ESi.
Third Annual Kod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.'
Eighth Season of our. Famous Marine Bane.
The Society Resort.
HOSTEL METROPOLIS and COUXTRT CLUB
always open. Coif an>1 Tennis Tournament*.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to e c pEcK AKenU
10 Montgomery^..^San^Francisco.
222 South Fnrlng ft.. Lo3 Angeles. Cal.
Delightful Surroundinqs and -\VITTFR
Excellent Accommodations at "II I L.I*
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach. Liver. Kidney.
Bladder Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physician.. Thou-
sands Cured. " _ „
Tickets, California and Northwestern Kail-
road. Stage from Ukiah.
RODNET McCORMICK. General Manager.
WITTER a MKDICAL SPRINGS " COMPANY.
Uprer Lake P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. PIS Market, r. »¦
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG 'OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Snecial rates for Eoworth I^earuers. Staging
2U hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day,
arriving at Yosemite Valley 3 p. m. Send for
illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE. Gen 1
Agent, C30 Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel,
S. F. ; tel. Black 3571. .
*s i* m r\nt\ hot springs, sonoma
UA/f I/C/U San Francisco: but 9 miles
staging: waters note»l for
medicinal virtues: best natural bath In State;
good trout ftrrams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express; flrst-class hotel and stage
eervlce: morning and a:ternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $3 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7-30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. - References— Any guest ot the past
Fix years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MTJL-
fiRKV, Fkagg?. Cal.
I ...NAPA... laapa CoBnty.
SODA SPRINGS I Cal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts. ¦'
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally.
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further information address
A. POLLMANX. Proprietor.
OWN A HOME "tS^- CAMP HEEKEfi
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. SCO
up: boating, bathlfes, tenting ground free; saw-
mill depot, store, postoffice at camp: board
and lodging J6: lake Sausalito ferry, J3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER., or H. M.
GRKGSOS, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. >
<jjkyraj)ffotfpri$?
>^y Three trains daily; 2V£ hours' ride. A
Bettens. Msr.. Byron Hot Spgs.. Cal.
Lombard & Co.. 36 Geary street. City.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House In the Santa Cruz mountains: 5
minutes from station: 'fine scenery; fishing,
hunting, fine drives, fre» carriage meets all
trains. • MRS. I. N. HATES.
HUNTING AND FISHING GALORE.
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and flsh-
«ng expedition in the Coast Range, where deer
and bears are plentiful, and trout-fishing is
elegant, may find their way out by writing to
i G. A. EATON. Lowrey. Tehama County.
| '¦¦ JO'HANNTfiBBRG.
! First-claes family resort In the i Napa# red-
j woods. Exhilarating . air, hunting, flshln?.
swlmmlnp and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR.. Prop..
Oakvllle.- Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau,
"0 Montgomery at.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.
GILROY KOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave 3d and Townsend 8 a. m. and 2:43
p. m daily. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON Prep.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Flshlig;' beats: excellent table: climate per-
fect: IS miWs from Truckee. in ah unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office. 29
Montgomery, 'or .MRS. H. M. CLEMONS,
Truckee. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS,
The only place in the United- States where
Vichy Water, is' abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths TJnequaled. Three mllea from
Ukiah. , J, A. REDEMEYER & CO..
, Proprietors.
For rest aad health | M TH E SIERRAS
near CoUax ou U. P. R. R. Elevation Just right —
2 HO ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds £8.00 a week. Send for
booklet. , Orchard Springs, Colfax, Cal.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL .VERANO, Cal.. . Verano Station
Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway.. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee. .
MOUNTAIN 7 HOME.
" In Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleasure,
fishing, "¦ hunting and swlmmlns: good table;
guests at home; never fail to return: Bend for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas.
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. tS
per week.\ H. B. LAWLEY. Calistoga. Cal.
110! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C. C Foss'- Stage Line from Calistoga.
The scenic route. Livery In connection. C C.
FOSS. Proprietor. Calistoga, ' CaL :
TAMP TiVI AD Cottages. camplng.Hshlnx:
X/AaiT 1AIJLUU 29 miles from S. K. ; in the
redwoods. Call Traveler .'office, 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. O. MARTIN. Proprietor.
board;fruit FAR}i t^ resh f re c e oW9 drS:
Terms, ,$5; fare SOc. Box 64, Redwood City.
CAPITAL PRIZES
Monterrey Lottery Co.
iiPNTERBEY, MEXICO t
39,310 draws 1st Cap'tal Pnz3, $30,000
Sold in Leadville, Colo.
71,920 draws 9d Cap ta! Prze, $10,000
Sold in Monterrey, Mexico.
17,811 draws 3d Capital Prize, $5,000
Sold in Dallas, Texas. ]
5.S93 draws 4th Gapiti! frze, $3,000
Sold in Saltillo, Mexico.^-
61.024 aid 62,088 each draws WOO
Sold in Guadalajara, Ciudad Juarez/ ¦
Monterrey, Mexico.
ON THE FOURTH
You'll want your Unen In the best possible
shape. Compare our work with that of
any other laundry and judge for yourself
If we don't put It In that condition. By
careful handling: we make your linen long
lived.' We put a smooth velvet edge on all
collars; we wash everything that's wash-
able> . . ___-
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
r Office 1OO4 Market Stfaat
Telephone-South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo A v.
% OCEAN TEAVEL.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia........ July 25j Dcutschland Aug. 8
P. Bismarck Aug. 1|A. Victoria...,. Aug.. 13
Twin-Screw Passanq?r Service.
. - PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Patricia., .r. ... . -July 201 'Bulgaria .Aug. 3
Waldersee......"July 271 Pennsylvania.. .Aug 10
• 'Sails to Hamburg direct. '
Homburg-Amerlcao Line, 37 b - way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Asenta for Pacific
Coart. 401 California at.
ShlP&fflS^P € IT A "AWAII, 8AH0A, NEW
BS. VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, July 11, 10 a m
SS. SIERRA for. Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland '
and Sydney.... Thursday, August 1. 10 a m
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
: Tuesday. August 6, 10 a." m:
J. 0. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Gtnaral Agents, 327 Market St
Gen'l Faasnger Office, 643 Market St., risr No. 7. Pacific St
COMPAGNIB OENEBALB TRAN8ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT. LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -jv&«.
Sailing- every Thursday, Instead of «^m^
Saturday, at 10 a. ¦ m.'.'.from; pier 42, •^fosPmsK
North River, foot of ' Morton street; ¦•La Nor--
mandie, •: July : 18; ' La ¦ Brctagne, ; July ' 25; La
Champagne, August lr La Gascogne, -August 8.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, : 32 i Broadway (Hudson building), New
• York. ; J. F. FUGAZI & CO., - Pacific | Coast
Agents, '¦ 5 Montgomery avenue, San I Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. • • <-• Eastern folks are praying that the late hot spell may
be known as the htottest of the, twentieth century.
Thcv have no desire, to see the record broken
The Alabama constitutional convention is said to
be, confronted by an unexpected snag; it has ex
cluded the negro from the franchise. very neatly, but
now the female suffragists are demanding a ; hearing.
All talk about a probable commercial war between
this country' a r -d Russia might as well be stopped •
the Czar has recently invited our Embassador to
lunch.
It is announced from Washington that the Chinese
Minister Hires to have his name spelled Wu Ting-fang.
His family name is Wu, and he is proud of it. '
BY the New York Tribune there was recently
published from its Paris correspondent a de
tailed statement of the taxes imposed by the
French Government upon posters and billboard ad
vertising. Under the French law a "poster" is any
written, printed or painted placard exhibited on a
wall, boarding or other public place in order to spread
information of any kind. All- governmental posters,
whether set up by the courts or by executive or leg
islative authority, are on white paper/ while, all private
posters must be on colored paper and carry the gov
ernmental stamp.
The stamp tax varies with the size of the poster
and the population of the community. The. revenue
produced by it in 1898 was 3,515,000 francs, and in
1899 it was 3»553..o6o francs. The figures for 1900' were
not given by the .writer, because the income for that
year, by reason of thevexposition, was so much in
creased as not to afford a fair test of the value of the
tax as a revenue producer.
The example of France is of importance- to all
American cities that are struggling with • the bill
board nuisance. It seems clear that the most "effective
way to deal with the evil would be to impose a tax
somewhat similar to that in France. The tax would
not be onerous, nor would it prevent any legitimate
advertiser from making use of that method of attract
ing the attention of the public to his wares if he chose,
but it would have the effect of putting a stop to the
display of many of those hideously ugly and enormous
placards that disgrace our cities.
There is no reason why those whomake use of walls
and fences along the public streets to get a profit
from them should not be made to pay a fair amount
of tax. The tax. too, might be made to settle the
question of. the height of permissible billboards. . If
a properly graded tax were imposed they would not
go too high. This is one of the things in which we
can learn something from Paris*. -
FRENCH POSTER TAXES.
Political economists and other philosophers have
been of the opinion that the drift of population frpm
the rural districts of England to the towns is due to
the decline of agriculture and the . higher rate of
wages in : . the* cities; but one laborer, when asked by
a commission tl;e other day why he had left the coun
try, replied: "I could not stand it, sir. There wasn't
an alehouse within a mile of the farm."
With such high-sounding words and lofty senti
ments did the astute Minister make his olea ae-ninsf.
Having thus laid down the proposition that Ameri
cans and Chinese are alike in their belief in popular
sovereignty, the orator went on to point out that
commerce is drawing them nearer together and that
it is to the interest of both to extend and multiply
their commercial relations. Then he hastened to his
conclusion: "Your invitation to me shows that your
patriotism is not of that kind which cannot see any
thing good in the people of other lands, and the
motto of which is, "Our country, right or wrong.'
That is only national selfishness which goes by the
name of patriotism. It is a relic of bygone days,
when there- was comparatively little intercourse be
tween the people of orte country and those of an
other, and when a man could be free to enjoy life
and liberty only in the land of his birth. All of that
is now completely changed. Happily we live in a
more humane and enlightened age. National inter
ests have gradually given way to world interests, and
the day is not far distant when love of country will
be secondary to humanity as a virtue. This: nation
has not sprung into existence without a manifest des
tiny. It was established * * * to treat all peo
ple alike with fairness and justice: to do away with
all selfish and clannish feelings; to make American
patriotism synonymous with fair play, with love of
mankind, with full freedom and liberty in accord with
law and justice."
The argument opens with comparison of the Gov
ernment of China with that of the United States, and
the claim is made that in China as in the United
States there is a complete recognition of popular
sovereignty. Minister Wu went on to say: "The
difference between the two countries lies in the man
ner in which the principle is carried out. You be
lieve in the choice of officers through the ballot-box;
we believe in the choice of public officers through the
examination hall. In this country all men are equal
at the polls. * * * The man who has grown gray
in the service of his country, as well as the man who
has just taken out his naturalization papers, has no
more than one vote. Every vote counts as much as
any other, and those who get the most. votes are en
titled to represent the people. *__* * In China we
endeavor to attain the same end by a different road.
The competitive examinations are open to all. All
candidates stand on the. same ground and have, an
equal chance of success. • * * * In that way a cer
tain proportion of the ruling class of the land is
drawn directly from the people."
FULL reports of the Fourth of July address de
livered by Minister Wu Ting- fang at Philadel
phia^have now been received in our Eastern ex
changes, and judging by the comments of several of
the leading papers of that, section of the country it
was a distinguished success. A careful reading -of it
shows that from first to last it was a subtle'and clever
plea against any further extension of the Chinese ex
clusion act The Minister, of course, did not refer
to the act, but none the less the logic of his argument,
if accepted, would carry with it a condemnation of
any measure of the kind.
MINISTER WU'S ORATION.
rr.d appreciated. Our government in the Philippines
is purely autocratic, with no popular feature in it.
A similar community of Americans would destroy it
":i an hour rather than submit to it a minute. This
i<; hot denying that it is good government, superior
to any the Filipinos bsve known, but it is a despot
ism imposed from without. That three of its eight
members are natives does not change it, for they
were not elected by the people. That part of the
Fystern is copied from England's scheme in India,
where there is a minority of natives in the Council,
uot enough to make things go right, but enough to
be accused of responsibility if they go wrong.
It is necessary to say these things in order that our
cwn people may not deceive themselves as to the
problem in the islands. It is not solved by the pres
ent scheme of government, nor by the cessation of
armed resistance in rrany of the provinces. It will
not be solved by making Territories of the islands,
for that makes them potential States, and our people
will rot have them as States, and will grind to pow
der any party that proposes it. Let the truth be told
The financial report from the islands shows that
we have taken out of them the same taxes as Spain
did, $10,000,000 a year. So in denial of self-govern
ment and burden -of taxation they are just
where they were when Dr. Rizal and Aguin
aldo made their first stand for freedom in
1896. They cannot effectively reach the source of the
laws that govern them any more now than they could
•when Weyler was the Captain General. Those laws
could be just as well passed in San Francisco and ex
ported to them.
But that is neither self-government nor a step in
that direction, long or short. No one cares to dis
cuss the islands. The country seems tired of that.
But let us not confuse our own ideas of self-govern
ment If the eight men who are to legislate for
twelve millions of people had been elected, by those
people," then their power and the laws they pass
would be derived from the people affected by them.
If the laws were oppressive the oppressed could re
peal them by electing other legislators for that pur
pose. But the Philippine legislature is not elected by
the people, nor are they consulted in its appointment,
r.or are natives given a majority in its membership,
nor can the people displace it and elect others. The
plan is just as far away from self-government as was
the Spanish rule. It is, in form, exactly the same
despotism, the difference in our favor being its
greater benevolence.
THE Oakland Enquirer, a paper edited with
quite unusual care and discrimination, makes an.
odd blunder in its characterization of the new
Philippine government The five American members
of the commission, with three natives, constitute the
legislative department of the government They are
all appointed from Washington. The Enquirer says:
"It is a pretty long «tep in the direction of giving
the Filipinos self-government to make three island
ers members of the legislative body which frames
government for the provinces and municipalities,
makes appropriations, establishes schools and enacts
all other important laws."
NOT SELF-GOVERNMENT.
Ex-Senator Edmunds says that for the redemption
of Philadelphia there is needed "the most complete
and united organization possible of all voters with
out regard to party, society, sect or any other thing,
who wish to overcome the existing evil condition of
the government of the city." Philadelphia is evi
dently in a much worse condition than San Francisco,
for to. redeem this city there is needed no other uniqn
than that of the better elements of the Republican
party..
It is possible that British politicians feel the need
of something to rouse the flagging jingo spirit at
home and to divert the rising sympathy in the world
for the forlorn Boers. Nothing could do 'this* more
effectually than such' a story. But suppose it is true,
still there is Kitchener and the record of Omdurman.
The public opinion of the world w ; U receive the
story of Boer outrage of the wounded with much
caution. The Dutch are a race accustdmed to* face
peril and go into hard undertakings. Their battles
have always been against a,, superior force. When
Spain was as strong as'^ Great Britain is now the
Dutch withstood her, under circumstances as forlorn
as those in South Africa, and finally won by sheer
persistence and courage. Yet in all that dreary and
bloody struggle for the independence of The Nether
lands there is no record of their slaughter of the
wounded or other violations of fair war. That was
more than two centuries ago, when the war code was
not as scrupulous as it is now and combatants were
permitted a.greater latitude. If 4hey refrained then,
when fighting the savage Alva, it is not likely that
they yield to temptation now. •' -
In a late delivery Lord Salisbury admitted that
England was hated, and to be safe in her empire must
also be feared. Her South African policy will cer
tainly not mitigate any hatred that others may feel
for her, though it may inspire that fear which seems
necessary to her^velfare.
IT is inconceivable that if the unsigned story of,
killing the wounded by the Boers were true it
would be censored by the British authorities.
It happens that the British commander in South
Africa is Lord Kitchener, whose wholesale slaughter
of the wounded at the battle of Omdurman appalled
the world, and was freely published. by the British
press. Under the circumstances it is hardly possible
that his Lordship would rigidly censor the news of
like conduct by the Boers, as his misery in that con
nection is of the kind that 'loves company. At the
same time it must be admitted that his- military policy
is calculated to provoke "desperate reprisals.. The
wholesale destruction of Boer homes and farmsteads,
atid the driving of women and children and aged non
corfibatants like cattle into stockades, where the little
ones perish by hundreds, is not calculated to pro
mote "a gentle frame of mind in the fathers and
brothys of these helpless victims of a ruthless policy.
The banishment of Cronje and the exiling of military
prisoners to the various hells which Great Britain
.owns in the tropics is another measure that prolongs
the war and increases its horrors.
THOSE BOER OUTRAGES.
Kansas City purposes to have a grand celebration
en August 10 in commemoration of the eightieth an
niversary of the admission of Missouri to the Union.
The occasion will of course recall the mighty struggle
which resulted in the so-called "Missouri compro
mise," but th^re will be no wrangle over it now.
There may be people who make fun of Missouri, but
all the same they would rather have heriff the Union
than out of it.' . , .
THURSDAY. .....JULY 11, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. " - _
Aidrtei All Co=tBanl«tt»ai t» W. 8. LEAK, Sungtt.
.MANAGER'S OFFICE 0 *?^. 1 *™**-
HUBL.1CATIO.V OFFICE. . .Market and Tnlrd, S. F.
Telephone rre»« 201.-;. . '
¦ *
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevemoa, St.
Telephone Press 2OS.
Delivered by Cnrrlern, 15 Cents Per "Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terras 1»r Mall. Including Foatajret
OAILT CALL OnclodinK Sunday^, one year J«-00
DAILY CAIJ^ flnelhfllne Sunday), « months.. ».M
DAILY CALL (Including. Sunday/. S months 1.60
DAILY CAUL— By Single Month ***
FT7NT>AT CALL. One Year....; i- 80
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 - 00
AU'postmnstera nre authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall TObtcrlDem In ordertsr changa of address should he
particular to eive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OA1CLAYD OFFICE. ............ .X11S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xuiger Tjnlca Admtisifi*. M»ri«tU Bafliln*. Cble»g».
<Locr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CA1LLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHE5 H. SMITH .30 Tribune Bnildlns
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TTaiaorf-Aitoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
llnrray HU1 HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
gnerman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremost House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHUrGTOS <T>- C.) OFFICE. . .14O6 G St., 3T. "W.
MOHTO.V E. CRA.YE, Correspondent. . -
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tsntSl J:JO o'clock. 308 Hayea. open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
, McAllister, open tzntil 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
9:20 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. S61 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. K9« Valencia, open
tmtn I o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1200 nUmore. cpen until 9 p. m.
It will be perceived that Wu's speech was highly
successful from his point of view. It is not strictly
true that he has revolutionized public sentiment, as
the Baltimore American says, but he has evidently
accomplished a good deal in that direction. Upon
the exclusion act, therefore, it behooves Californians
to prepare themselves for a hard fight. . Minister Wu
is not an opponent to b'e despised.
_LL.D., _was gracefully and forcibly "portraying in In
dependence square the high ethical principles that
cluster around Independence day, the. inveterate ene
mies of his race, even the California Congressmen,
were vaunting their design and ability to. prolong for
another twenty years after May next the peculiarly
despotic end un-American edict of exclusion now in
force in this country against the brilliant Dr. Wu's
the (exclusion act. The Baltimore American, in com
menting^pon it, said: "Minister Wu, .without craft,
has succeeded in revolutionizing public opinion in the
IJnited States with regard to his country." The Phil
adelphia Record' said: While ,'Wu Ting-fang,
All men know that no matter upon what pretext
or upon what profession of virtue the Democracy
achieve power, they will use it to again disorder the
revenue and financial system of the country, with the
same old result which has always followed such
erratic change in policy and unsettling of the foun
dations of prosperity. If Republican rings and bosses
repeat frequently the misdeeds which are a stench in
Pennsylvania, they will be responsible for a party
disaster which will be also a misfortune to the coun
try. The Call makes no excuse for its constant effort
to secure Republican practice of the virtue professed
by the Democracy, for in that, and that alone, lies
the future safety of the party.
' Had the Democracy not thought the Whig party
dead in 1838-39 the Whigs would not have carried
the election of 1840. When a large element, in a tri
umphant party feels that the opposition is dissolved,
only the sternest measures can restrain it from
prodigal use of its power.
The Whigs were out of power in 1839 and the Dem
ocrats were in. The defalcations of Federal officers
in New York' and the charges against, Van Buren's
administration were used to convince the reason of
the people that the party in power was not living up
to its obligation to practice virtue, and that failure,
contrasted with the Whig professions, revived a party
declared to be dead, and after its official epitaph had
been written by its enemy. Not only that, but in
1848 it performed a feat that stands singular in Amer
ican politics. ¦ It expelled from power the Democ
racy whose administration had just successfully car
ried on a popular foreign war. These incidents are
admonitory, and the Republican party everywhere
must be admonished by them. Hard times produce
political changes, and so. do good times. All men do
not consider themselves the equal beneficiaries of
good times, and as the profits of enterprise increase
so do the grudges which they arouse. Add to this
outgrowth of human envy a reckless course of con
duct on the part of the party in power, and there are
present the. .elements of a political reyolution. Al
ready it is apparent that the profound minds in Re
publican leadership appreciate this situation, and
hence such a bold stroke against the leckless ma
chine as that made by Postmaster General Smith.
-This history is of interest in view of the courageous
stand taken by the Postmaster General against the
Republican machine in Philadelphia. We lay it down
as an axiom in American politics that the party out
of power needs only to profess virtue, while the party
in power must practice it.
¦Yet the Whig party svept the country the next
year by a popular majority of 146,315, and by 234
electoral votes to Democracy's 60!
IN October, 1839, the Democratic Review, long the
exponent of 'that : party, announced the death/ of
the -Whig party. The Review said: "Well; the
summer and autumn elections are now for^the most
part .over,' and what have the Whigs left to say -for
themselves and their exhausted and exploded 4 cause?
Will they, can they/ pretendto maintain* any longer
even a show of regular opposition? Will they, can
they, attempt seriously to contest the coming Presf
dentiarelection? We find it difficult to imagine "that
they will or can." . . ..
PARTY UPRIGHTNESS.
papers discussing thes& questions or mold
ing public sentiment are sensational. That
Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps. Di>.
Siegert'a Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.*
OBSERVATIONS ON THOSE WHO
PUT THEIR TRUST UN TRUSTS
RECENT reviews and * magazines
have contained many articles on.
the dangers of trusts and others on
the advantages of combinations of
capital. Notably in the May North
American Review are a number, all, with
tho exception of one by Russell Sage, rad
ically favorable to the system of combin
ing capital and industrial enterprises.
A consideration of these articles leads
to the conclusion that our thinkers who
are out of the trusts see little but pros
pects of evil from sucli unprecedented
and gigantic combinations, while the
other class, principally those in the trusts,
see no real dangers and only prosperity
and progress, and anticipate that the
world is through the trusts entering upon
its first real and endless prosperity.
(Faith is always beautiful, be it faith In
God, faith in man or faith in money. I
have observed, however, that one who can
put unlimited faith in money usually has
next to no faith in God and little in man.
. To read one side only of this controversy
a person would naturally be led to sup
pose that trusts could do no good In any
way to any one. By the other It is made
to appear that they will go on benefiting
mankind and blessing the world forever.
Obviously the questions raised and now
being discussed came •up naturally; they
are the result of inventions, modern Im
provements and methods of doing busi
ness. To say this, however, is not to say
that they are right or wrong. Weeds
grow more naturally than grain, and be
cause a course is the one being pursued
does not prove it right nor prove it wrong,
and it may be and it usually is true that
any course partly the result of circum
stances and partly the. result of design is
partiyright and partly wrong.
Faith, of Trust Makers.
It is not surprising that those who cre
ated the trusts and whose wealth thus far
It least has been almost immeasurably In
creased thereby should admire them and
have only good reports thus far to make
and favorable anticipations of the future.
Such has been the habit of creators and
ownors from' the beeinning.
It is written that when God created the
heavens and the earth and all was fin
ished . he looked upon his work and
said, "It is good"; but even an* all-wise
mind was, either observing as to immedi
ate appearances or did not comprehend
the capacity of his creatures to turn good
into evil.
The creators of the trust assume that
they, have been tried and found perfect.
As a matter of fact they have not been
tried at all. All the great modern indus
trial combinations, except the Standard
Oil and a few others, have been formed
during the present era of good times. No
dark clouds have as yet lowered over the
house'of the trusts, no stress of any finan
cial depression or great strike or indus
trial disaster, has occurred to test their
alleged stormproof character. Thus far
they have journeyed over favorable seas,
wafted by prosperous winds, comforted
with plenty to do and many to buy, large
salaries and larger dividends. Is It any
wonder that the trusts and their bene
ficiaries are as happy and as hopeful as
lovers on their honeymoon and apparently
have as little thought of squalls and
troubles to come? That hard times will
come no man can doubt, and when they
do come, with their attendant train of
troubles and disaster and bitter discon
tent, then and not until then will the
trusts be tested and their perpetuity de
cided. The organizers' of trusts are not
only optimistic to a degree, but exceed
ingly self-sufficient and intolerant of crit
icism or interference.
Trust Organizers Resent Criticism.
Those from the outside who study them,
question them, criticize them or threaten
in any manner to control them are at
once ostracised and execrated and classed
as "meddlesome newspapers," "agitat
ors," "politicians" (a particularly low
order of creation in the minds of these
modern solons with Croesus attach
ments), "demagogues," "charlatans,"
"mountebanks" and the like.
Jt Is not wise by offensive language to
be driven to resentments or to assume be
cause an advocate is intolerant and of
fensive that he is necessarily wrong in all
claims or conclusions. These gentlemen
who write so learnedly, even interestingly,
are all advocates of the doctrine that
work can only be well done by specialists
and, not being themselves specialists in
magazine work or in literary discussion,
have doubtless proven the correctness of
their own views by not making as good
or courteous presentation as might have
been made with the material at hand. A
tyro in discussion is always contemptuous
of his adversary and Intolerant of oppo
sition. One is constrained to the belief,
however, that in some instances these
very wise and wealthy gentlemen are au*
ihors in name only and have been dis
creet enough to employ specialists to do
their literary work.
- „„„, the fo'lowin- article but present, them for whatever va!u. they
CThe Ctll does not hold Itself responsible for the opinions published in the fo.low to* article, d
™r have as communications of general interest.) AmHkmnMi an fl »*,
bered, entitled to that respect that a*™?*
attaches itself to great wealth, a million
a year, not to mention dividends and
profits nor sucji little things as an unusual
amount of energy and much Practical
sense, all of which he possesses. But an
illustration may be drawn from his posi
tion and his argument. God and nature
filled tho earth with coal and iron. The
rivera, lakes and seas are highways sup
posed to be useful and beneficial to all
mankind. Railroads exercise the rlgnt or
eminent domain because they are. sup
posed to serve the public. But if the Fed
eral Steel Trust owns its own mines of
coal and Iron and they happen to be all
of the best and most available acquired
at nominal costs, and if they own their
own ships and railroads and factories and
fix the price of labor, the cost of produc
tion, tho expense of transportation ana
the price paid by consumers, and ail or
these questions are to be settled "in the
counting room and in the factory," and
without antagonistic action either upon
the part of the people or Congress, it
will beco"me true that government created
for the protection of all of the people must
abandon Its supposed sovereignty over all
of its subjects to a few of its subjects, or
is It the idea of our-friends'of the trusts
that governments are organized for police
purposes only to protect property and peo
ple that own property?
It Is assumed that the President of the
United States earns In his hitherto con
sidered great and responsible office fifty
thousand dollars per year enly and that
the Federal Steel Trust is dealing fairly
with consumers 'when it pays from their
contributions to its president one million
dollars per year, when all the people can
afford to pay their President such a com
paratively small salary. The ¦whole situ
ation is preposterous, unnatural and Im
possible to be perpetuated and could only
be thought expedient or just by a Judge
sitting in his own case to decide for him
self and all others. It is true, we hope,
that broader, saner, fairer counsels than
these will prevail. It should not be as
sumed because we have great and power
ful combinations of capital we need Ies3
government and next to no government,
but upon the contrary we all need more
government, more intelligent government,
stronger government, more honest and
better government than ever before.
Control of Combinations. \
Money alone never did make mep Just
or wise. It is not written or observable
in history that great accumulators of
wealth were wise beyond their fellows or
qualified to judge better than others upon
questions pertaining to the science of gov
ernment or- what was likely to bring hap
piness or true greatness to a generation
or a race of men.
The counting house and the factory
have their uses and their places not In
conspicuous or secondary- Those in con
trol of them are, many of them, possessed
of brains, energy and good sense not to
be despised in counsel. But they show
neither wisdom nor good sense when they
assume to- possess the right or power to
ignore the just and necessary control of
government over all persons and corpora
tions. Pernaps they do not intend to as
sume such a position or to be understood
as doing so, but that they actually do so
assume. and pretend is "written In terms
in the articles referred to. •
Such an assumption of unrestrained
power in combinations of capital amounts
to monopolistic socialism confined to its
operators and stockholders. The assump
tion- of such a position and the execution
of the programme now under way can re
sult only in the tendering of an issue that
can ultimately be decided in one way only.
Rich men are ambitious. They want more
power, more wealth and more control.
But others are also ambitious and want
some wealth, some power and some con
trol.
If combinations of capital are beyond
control of governments as now conducted,
and they appear to be at least tending
that way, the inevitable tendency of the
opposition will be toward like combina
tion through public ownership and public
operation, amounting »re " long to state
socialism, in which many broad and hon
est men see many dangers to our form
of government, our civilization and our
race. But government must and will b<;
government and ultimately must control.
The question is, shall it control in its
present form or in a form and manner
much less satisfactory to capital and
vested Interests?
Those who love our institutions as they
have been and are (at least in a degree
they are still the same) see little to hope
for in such exhibitions of. superlative con
ceit as the organizers and those in con
trol of the trusts are now furnishing.
Should Not Seek Industrial Control.
The assumption that all government
control is meddling; that all officials who
do not defer without question to the lords
of the "counting house and the factory"
are mischievous meddlers. That all news-
all politicians are demagogues and that
all statesmen are dead, 13 not likely to
settle wisely or well these or any other
problems. Our only hope is that a saner
time and a soberer view will come before
the inevitable other extreme 13 upon us
and our Institutions are Irrevocably anl
injuriously changed. Equality, character
and good government, not monopoly or
socialism, have accumulated the wealth
we enjoy and achieved the position wa
now occupy as a nation and a people.
Suppose we succeed as suggested in be
in" by the trusts "put in indus
trial control of the world," which
is about as sane an Idea as
Monte Cristo's exclamation, "the world
is mine." What would we do with
the industrial control of the world it -wa
had It? "We could remain in control only
by competition with the toil and poverty
and comparatively helplessness of the
world's labor. We may begin such com
petition in pride and conceit but it can
only end In disaster. It can be continued
for a time and for a time only by use of
our superior machinery and our more in
telligent labor, but to assume that other
countries cannot even Imitate us or uso
the same machinery or- copy the ways of
our labor (some of which has been but
recently imported) is too much conceit for
practical business uses.
Trust God and the Constitution.
What we need is to be "put in con
trol" of ourselves and our own govern
ment, protect our own markets, develop
our own resources and protect our own
people from outsiders <nd from each
other- and preserve all that 13 best in our
form of government, laws and civilization
and institutions.
Suppose other countries organize trusts
of their own, we cannot claim to have
copyrighted these peculiarly wise and
beneficent organizations that supply the
place of government, remove competition,
and all other ills and woes at will. So If wo
cease to, have a monopoly in trusts our
commercial supremacy might ba called
seriously in question. Possibly, therefore.
It might be well to continue to be- so 014
fashioned as to put some of our trust in
Almighty Gcd. some in our constitution
and laws and some in our worth and In
tegrity, and not all of it in mere mone
tary wealth in the hands of millionaires
combined under corporations called trnst3.
The matter I should like to impress is
one dear to every thinking American: and
that is that the arrogance and" exactions
cf combined capital are rot likely to do
nearly so much harm in the temporary
exactions it m.n.r extort and obtain as the
inevitable tendency It generates to drive
the masses of the people to the other ex
treme, which other extreme, will be dis
astrous to capital, which would amount
to a temporary calamity only. The- far
graver Injury, however. Is that It will also
work a radical change in our form of gov
ernment and methods of life altogether
injurious and wholly unnecessary unless
the arrosance of organized wealth shall
render it possible and acceptable to the
people as their last choice between two
evils. FRANK IL SHORT.
July 9. 1901. »
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Our band played like one man last
night," said the proud trombone player.
"Is that so?" replied his friend. "Well,
now I know whit Eill meant when he said
the band played like Old Harry." — Ton
kers Statesman.
Church— I see Andrew Carregle began
business as a telegraph messenger boy.
Gotham — Well, it's j comforting to hear
of one messenger boy who "got there." —
Tonkers Statesman.
¦ ? »
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel #
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend's.*
» o « '
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
.Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. ¦
¦ • ¦
In response to a question by a Brooklyn
school teacher a little pirl said Gladstone
was the man who chewed each mouthful
of focd thirty-six times.— New Ycrk
World.
Best "Way to ths "STossmite.
The Santa Fe to Merced and staff* thenc»
via Merced Falls, CoultervIIle, Hazel Green,
Merced Bis Trees. Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 th*
next afternoon. This is the most popular routs
and the rates are the lowest. A?k at 6tt Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Chicago and Return S72.50.
On'sale July 21 and Zl, the Union Pacific
Railroad will sell round trip tickets to Chi
cago, good, for 60 days, at rale of $72 50. T>. XY.
Hitchcock. General Agent. 1 Montgomery at..
San Francisco.
Borrowing wisdom from Intolerance it
may very truthfully be conceded that
combinations of cap.tal are in a position
to do much of the good claimed and may
do some part of it, and also that they are
likely to do much less good than they
prophesy and not all the harm anticipat
ed by some radical thinkers. It is true
that steam engines, steamships and steam
railroads,^ telegraphs, telephones, electric
transportation and their thousand kin
dred appliances afford opportunities for
beneficial industrial * co-operation and
combination such as never before existed.
That thereby much good can and ought
to be done. That the greater the system
the more perfect should be its operation.
The more direct the course from the raw
material to the hungry consumer the bet
ter the results ought to be and the lower
the price should be. As cited where the
steel trust owns its own mines of coal and
iron, its own ships, its own factories and
railroads it ought to. be able to produce
the best article possible for the least pos
sible price. That It does produce a good
article in a skilled and economical way is
undoubtedly true. That it sells as cheap
as possible to the consumer is not true.
High Salaries and Big Dividends.
That It sells at even a'reasonable profit
can hardly be true, as it seems to be ad
mitted that it sells certain of its products
in foreign markets . much cheaper than in
its own. Its salaries are ridiculously high
and its dividends on actual investments
are exorbitantly large. Mr. Schwab, for
instance. Is "paid $1,000,000 a .year for su
pervising, and is delighted with combina
tions of capital because -it reduces "the
item" of supervision, but since his salary
would pay that of 100 men at $10,000 each
per year, the steel trust seems to have
been more efficient in reducing numbers
than cash. Mr. .Schwab, obviously. not a
foolish man, would hardly get a million
a year as a logician. Mr. Schwab being
a supervisor magnifies the importance of
supervision. Being a* combine, he mag
nifies the advantages and beauties of
combinations. Being in a great trust,; he
magnifies, the benefits of trusts and min
imizes the importance of the functions
of government; in. fact, unconsciously, no
doubt, he infers that government is a
mere side issue that.will do no harm if it
keeps "hands off" of '' trusts. He (Mr.
Schwab) thinks the whole question will
be allowed to work itself out "in the fac
tory", and in the "counting .room." . "The
Iron and steel industry of America is not
apprehensive of antagonistic political ac
tion toward it, either by the people or by
Congress.' 1 Antagonistic interference is
evidently v referred to as anything pre
venting the full control of all questions
involved "in : the factory and counting
room." . ' SSSflfeP^^&gSgjSJfcg
Mr. Schwab's Million.
Mr. SchTvab Is, be it always - renjem-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1901.
6
)0 00 0 000 0 0000 00 00 000000 0000 OO OOOOOO C^oT^w^rt'^^^wT'^^^^^"*^^^^^"*" 1^^^^^
30000000000000000000000Q000 000000 00000g , oooc>;; , 0 ggggggggggg
ARE THE SAN FRANCISCO'S
JAPANESE LOSING THEIR TALLEST POLICEMAN AND
PERSONALITY? HIS ROMANCE.
)ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oco o o booooo o~o o o o'o o o'o"o"o' o o
SOME IS the LATEST
CALIFORNIA HYDNOTKIW FAD
BUTTERFLIES. n * 1 I^M m SH0 «
, OF =====
EASY LESSONS VALUE THE
m TO HOUSE
SWIMMING. I UN BEAUTIFUL.
By Alice Cav 11. MEDICINE? By Kate Grccnlca! Locke
jooooooooooooo ooooooooooooq o ooooooo o'o o o'o o <?o7£olz^^^^7ZnrZ
30000000000000 OOOO OOOQ OOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
HOME OF KERAMIC ART MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE
IN SAN FRANCISCO. AND ITS MISSION.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL
300000000000050000000000000 00 000 0000 o o 00 o o o o'o'o^i^^^^^^^a^ri^
MMM > l^l?i r> lMilly O ° m.°,i°.. 0000000000 °0000000000000000ooon nnnnn°r,
Cnll anliBerlbers contemplating: a. change of
renideace during: the ¦nxntaer months can hatrt
their paper forwarded by mall to tbelr new
addreiiei by notify lnar The Call BnalxA:» Office.
Thl» ptftcr Trill also be on sale at all summer
reaorta and U represented br a local ogent In
all tOTToa on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWE FOR TEE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By TVm. G. L.ayng — This day. Horses, at 721 Howard street.
On*eum— Va-ndrrtHe.
Columbia — "Cnfler Two Flags." ' .
Alcazar— "Tie School for Scandal.'
Grand Opera-house— "Secret Service."
Central— "Held hy the Enemy."
Tlvoll— "Babes In -the Wood."
Olj-mpla. corner Mas-cn and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoa and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlng.
Fischer's- Vandeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Bntro Bath»— Swimmlnr. »
AMUSEMENTS.Numerous Picturesque Booths Being Constructed in
the Gallery of the mechanics' Pavilion.
EPWORTH LEAGUE COMMITTEES
GREET VISITING DELEGATES
The Registrar's office is open every
evening from 7:30 to 9:30 for purposes of
registration and recording changes of res
idence since November 6, 1900. Election
officers are also being sworn in at a rapid
rate and all arrangements for tire primary
election on August 13 are nearlng comple
tion.
Registrar's Office Opsn Evenings.
A significant commentary upon the
state of affairs that h3s arisen at the
Mint, whether due to Treasury ¦ Depart
ment official orders or to lack of pre
caution on the part of Superintendent
Leach is afforded by the fact that $47,000,
000 in gold is now stored in the basement
vaults, where previously only silver was
stored. they not being deemed safe
enough for the more precious coin. Upon
the. discovery of the theft this amount of
gold coin In sacks was transferred from
the two cashier's vaults to the basement
vaults, where it is being carefully guard
ed by an extra force of watchmen while
inspection of the treasure proceeds.
Responsibility for the $30,000 stolen will
be difficult to fix. The Treasury Depart
ment will no doubt contend that Superin
tendent Leach's bond must make It good,
and the Superintendent will pass the re
sponsibility along to Cashier Cole. The
two local officials will probably join in
the contention that the fault lies with
the -Treasury Department officials, whose
orders are responsible for the plethora of
coined gold that made the theft of the
$30,000 possible. , •'
The inspection of the treasure in the big
vaults went on yesterday from 9 o'clock
In the morning till .4 In the afternoon.
Nearly $4,000,000 was counted and not a
single sack found to be shy of its proper
amount of coin. This inspection will re
quire about ten days yet for its comple
tion. It is not thought that further
thefts v/ill be discovered.
Treasure in Basement Vaults.
The private life of the suspected man Is
being scanned as closely as his conduct
at the Mint. Both phases contain damag
ing evidence, but not the clean-cut sort
that convicts.' Dlmmlck was surprised In
the act, practically, of imitating the sig
nature of Superintendent Leach. He is
known to have taken money from the pay
envelopes of employes, making restitution
at later dates. He made remarks to
Cashier Cole that seemed to be "feelers"
put out cautiously In search of a confed
erate in a . plot to loot the vaults. A
mass of evidence has been uncovered
that points the finger of suspicion at Dlm
mick. But apparently that Is all. No one
saw him taking treasure from the vault;
none of It has been found in his posses
sion, and no sack' or tag or other bit of
evidence has been found to give a claw
to the disposition made of the loot. Fel
low employes of Dimmlck predict, while
assuming his guilt, that he will never be
convicted.
Director Roberts, Superintendent Leach,
Secret Service Agent Hazen, Cashier
Cole and Chief Clerk Dimmlck were
closeted together during most of the day's
investigations. Charles Waltz, the lock
expert, was present during several hours
of the afternoon and it is believed that his
reports on the combinations of the locks
to the cashier's working vault were dam
aging to Dimmlck.' Waltz was employed
to determine whether or not Cashier Cole
changed the combination to a degree that
the chief clerk, who previously held the
combination, .would not be able to open
the vault doors. .
Experiments by Lock Expert.
Dlmmlck jj remains at liberty, but the
surveillance of secret service men is not
relaxed for a moment and flight, It is al
leged, would be impossible for him. In
justice to him it must be said that he has
shown no disposition to shrink from the
investigation, but those aniong the Mint
employes who are convinced of his guilt
say his attitude la due to confidence that
convicting evidence against him cannot be
obtained. .
The longest session yet held of Mint of
ficials and secret service men was that
of yesterday. Beginning at 10 o'clock, It
lasted, with but an hour for lunch at
noon, till almost 7 o'clock in the evening.
When It was over 'Chief Clerk Dlmmlck
bore the look of a man who had been un
der fire and who realized that he had not
came out of it with credit. On the
other hand. Director of the Mint Roberts,
Superintendent Leach and Cashier Cole
evidently felt pleased and almost elated
over the results of the day's investigation.
"While the men who are probing into the
mystery are keeping their own counsel,
there are numerous Indications that the
meshes of the law are tightening about
the chief clerk and that the Investigators
no longer fear that the thief, whoever he
may be, will escape detection.
the Mint.
Walter N. Dlmmlck will probably be ar
rested before night on the charge of hav
ing stolen the $30,000 in gold that la miss
ingr from the cashier's working vault of
Forty-Seven Million Dollars Carefully
Guarded in Basement Vaults Pre
viously Held to Be "Unsafe
for Storage of Gold.
Investigation Is Beginning to
Develop Satisfactory
Results.
Law's Meshes Tighten
ing" About' Suspected
. Chief Clerk.
DIMMICK MAY
BE ARRESTED
BEFORE NIGHT
Each night after the carpenters and
decorators have ceased their clamor the
huge organ is tuned. The Oakland and
San Francisco section? of the chorus will
hold a. rehearsal to-morrow in the Young
Men's Christian Association auditorium.
On the following evening and on Monday
evening theyj will rehearse in the Pavilion.
Besides t'.is.jthe sections of the choir in
Sacramento. JT»s Angeles. Santa Clara.
Ban Jof<»» and! other parts of the State are
practicing incessantly. A grand re-
Txining ths Great Organ.
a LTHOUGH almost a \reek must
i\ yet intervene before the Epworth
/\\ Leagxie Convention will com-
A. j\ mence Its sessions, the head
quarters at Mechanics' Pavilion
have already assumed an air of intense
activity. To accommodate the hundreds
of delegates who have already arrived, the
registration and entertainment commit
tees remained at their poets all day yes
terday. It was the intention of the local
leaguers to have sent representatives to
receive the delegates when they stepped
from the overland trains, but their early
arrival disrupted all the plans. Imme
diately after registering yesterday the
major part cf the visitors left on excur
sion trains to visit points of interest in
various parts of the State. They will not
return until the opening of the conven
tion
The registration and entertainment
committees have already established
themselves at Mechanics' Pavilion and
their example will be followed to-day by
aJl the rest of the executive force.
The work of transforming the interior
cf the Pavilion into a magnificent audi
torium is steadily progressing. The
framework for the placing- of from 8000 to
8000 chairs is about completed and it is
expected that the seats will all be in po
sition to-day.
It has been stated by the railroad au
thorities as a conservative estimate that
there are now 23.000 excursionists on their
way to this city and that as many more
are expected.
Deppjte the great' benefit that the Ep
worth Leagu- convention.* with its thou-
Fands,of visitors, will confer upon this
city and Etate. the subscriptions are still
coming in very slowly. The managers of
the convention need nothing now to insure
\
The New York special train, which Is
scheduled to arrive at Denver this morn-
Ing, is bearing more than 150 delegates.
On Saturday and Monday the heaviest
traffic on the Ogden route is expected.
There will be at least twenty excursion
trains and in the neighborhood of fifty
extra carp.
It is estimated by the railroad compa
nies that they have already transported
700 delegates to the city and that within
the next two days the number will be
swelled to 5000. The main body of dele
gates however, will not arrive until Mon
day or Tuesday. From all over the Union
come reports each day of Increases in the
army which is on the way. The local
agents of the railroad companies have
been informed that immense numbers of
visitors are coming from New England
and the Middle and Southern States.
Word was received that 400 delegates and
their friends departed on a special train
bearing the frame Golden Gate from Phil
adelphia yesterday morning. There are
four other special trains speeding from
Philadelphia. carrying at least 500
leaguers. They will leave Denver this
morning and arrive in Ogden early to
morrow.
Delegates on the Way.
The representation by the Humboldt
farmers of their giant trees is about com
plete. So perfect has the resemblance
been made that it is almost impossible
to distinguish the imitation from the
original.
The Stanford University booth, decked
In a brilliant hue of red, will contain an
exhibit of the results of the State's edu
cational advancement.
Across the aisle leading to the booths
will be placed an arch of welcome, deco
rated lavishly with bunting, various
colored streamers and a wealth of beauti
ful blossoms and foliage. During the
night this arch will be brilliantly illumi
nated with electric lights. ; ¦
In the line of displays the two principal
transcontinental railroad companies are
both striving after the picturesque and
unique. The Santa Fe will have as its
headquarters a booth representing one of
the old California missions, with its roof
of ti'.es and its walls of old gray stone.
As a historical representation this dis
play will be one of the features of the
convention.
The Southern Pacific Company will en
deavor to display the products, resources
and picturesque scenery of all California.
This display is being devised by Wiiliam
Murray of the company's information bu
reau. "When it is completed it will be un
der the charge of E. K. Gordon.
Giant Trees Reproduced.
hearsal is scheduled for Tuesday after
noon. The singing of the grand chorus,
which is the largest ever assembled on
the coast, accompanied by the magnificent
Stanford organ, will be one of the most
memorable features of the Epworth
League Convention.
The section of the gallery which has
been devoted to the booths is rapidly be
ing: converted Into a veritable maze of
streaming bunting. Almost all the coun
ties of the State are preparing to exhibit
to the Easterners their produce and each
is striving to outdo the other. Santa
Clara County Intends to make a specialty
of her prune industry. Besides construct
ing an imposing pyramid of her luscious
fruit, that county proposes to feed the
delegates on prunes.
its success so -much as financial support.
In' the course of a few days the great host
of delegates will be here. They will leave
thousands of do'lars in circulation in this
city, and it is incumbent upon the citi
zens to contribute to their entertainment.
The subscriptions received yesterday are
as follows:
Merchants' Association, $100; Miller, Sloss &
Scott, $50; M. A. Gunst & Co., $50; Boardman
& Snencer. $23; Franl^ Dlckson, $25; Pacific
Mutual Life Insurance Company, $25; Butler
&' Hewitt, $25; C. Berthean, $25; Trans-Atlan
tic Insurance Comnany, $25; Sun Insurance
Company, $23; Sterling Furniture Company,
$23; Southern Pacific Milling Company, J25;
George H. Tay & Co., $25; West, Elliott &
Gordon, $25; Blssinger & Co.. $25; S. H. Frank
& Co., $25; Kron Tannlnp Company, S25; Kull
man, Salz & Co., $25; The Realty Syndicate,
$25; Hartford Insurance Company, $25; Lon
don, Liverpool and Globe Insurance Company
$25; The Ramona, $20; N. C. Clark & Sons. $20-
O. B. Smith & Co., $20: Henshaw. Bulkley &
Co., $15: Walter N. Brunt, $15; John Taylor &
Co., $15: Rosenthal's. $15; Imperial and Lion
Insurance Company, $15. Total, $785. Amount
already acknowledced, $13,133. Grand total
$13,920.
PENNSYLVANIA STSTEM of Rail
ways. Office— 30 MontRonrery street *
Roumanian mothers tie red ribbons
around the ankles of their children to
keep them from harm.
MEMBERS OF EPWORTH LEAGUE REGISTRATION COMMITTEE WHO HAVE BEEN SELECTED TO ASSIST IN
WELCOMING TO THE GOLDEN STATE THE DELEGATES WHO .WILL COME FROM THE EAST TO AT
TEND THE CONVENTION. _. >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1901.
7
AMTJSZICENTS.
*T I VQ L I*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"THE. JOLLIEST KIDS IN TOWN". AND
CROWDS ARE FLOCKING TO
SEE THEM."-
THE BABES
tL" WOOD.
Book by Ferris Hartman. .
SONGS AND JOKES FOR THS MILLION!
Popular, Prices 25c and 50c
Telephone— Bush 9.
VAUDEVILLE~AT ITS BEST !
AURAS A2<ri> AX.IC-, GIXBERT
AND GOL-DIE, IKVINQ JONES,
CLAYTON WHITE AND MABIE
STUABT; PROSPEB TBOUPE,
BIMM, BOMM, BBBB; IA
MOYNE BROTHERS, THE BtO-
GBAPH, EMILY LYTTON, CHAS.
BOWSEB AND COMPANY.
Reserved seats, 23c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c. .
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
oL"f* H EAT R E k
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
FIRST TIME AS LADY TEAZLE, Supported
by White Whlttleiey, In
"THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL."
Next Week-'THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHUTES_and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
AND A
LADIES' HIGH -KICKING
CONTEST.
See
LUNETTE,
THE iMAID OF THE AIR.
Satflrdav Night— Big Cakewalk. v
Telephone for Seats — Park 23. ";
FISCHEF'S concert.house.
CHARITY MARTIN. SIG. G. S. TVANRELU
Oliver Carbon, . Al Hazard. Viola Vignette.
Wren and Lynton, Kelcey Sisters, Wilson and
Black.
Reserved Seats,' 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing: From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. JOc. CHILDREN, 5c
Bathing, including admission, 25c. Children, 20c
AMUSEMENTS.
ftftl f BRIBE A SAKFBANCOT
LEADING THEATRE.
LAM WfcfcK BUT ONE!
THE MIGHTY MELODRAMA!
Every Evening: Except- TT 11 T T| TI Tl
ing Sundays. Matl- I J It J I ! \ I '
nees Saturdays Only. I I 111 g I LI If
charles iv iinn
FROHMAN'S U 1 1 U JJ 11
COLOSSAL
PRODUCTION. _0~fe
By Arrangement with
DAVID BELASCO. _^^
P,aul M. Potter's 4!Zrr4
5-Aet Drama on • «¦— ™»
Oulda's Famous Novel. TIT 1 IN F\
Over 100 People. I ¦ Q ft Bill
Including 11 I II I V
BLANCHE PATES P||/||TU
as "CIGARETTE." ; * JUlJLVIfc/
SOUVENIR MATINEE
NEXT SATURDAY!
Interesting Personal Souvenirs of Miss Bates
PRESENTED TO ENTIRfi
Seats for next week now selling;.
BELASCO a*d THAllSjfatfk&
ttttSfc CRY HAIA
TO-NIGHT. ALL THIS "WTSEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
JAMES M. BROPHY.
And a Sunerb Cast in an Elaborate Production
cf William Gillette's Great War Drama.
HELD by the ENEMY
PDIfES Evenings 10c, 15e, 25c. 33c, BOc
I fllWCJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
Next Week— Mammqth Spectacular Produc-
tion of
MICHAEL STROGOFF.
GRAND OPERA=HODSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BALANCE OF THIS WEEK. i
Playing to Enormous Business.'
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY CO. in
"William Gillette's Wonderful Play,
Great Cast, including T. Daniel Frawley,
Mary Van Buren, E. J. Morgan and Theo-
dore Roberts. .. * ¦ »
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. BOc, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— Another Great Play.
"THE WHITE HEATHER."
First Time in This City.
. Secure Seats Early.
fcOf VM F*B /! EDDY ST..
*_rlw # 1¥B M^B A% con. mason
THE ONLY FEEE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
THE CITY.
LESTER~REEVES,
The Eminent Barytone.
IONE I
In Poses Plastlques. Artistic and Elegant.
ETHEL BARLOW,
The Girl Whose Beauty Won Her $40,000.
MABEL HUDSON,
The "Always Popular" Singing Soubrette:
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
, MATINEE EVERY. SUNDAY. J
AMATEUR : NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
4 -.ADMISSION FREE. i
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGELES ys OAKLAND.
TC-D AY, Friday and Saturday
AT 3«15 P.M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30P.M.
RECREATION PARK,
'. •¦¦ EI«b<» •«-* Harrison ¦treets.
_ — AD V J5KTISK W RTTTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— OF THE— -.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE—
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP LONDON. ENGLAND, on the Slst day
of December, A. D. 1900. and tor the year
ending: on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 811
of the Political Code, condensed as per blanlc
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company {2,237,024 23
Cash In company's Office 221 S3
Cash in Banks 23,224 at
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock3 and Loans 25,431 25
Cash in hands of U. S. Trustees 397.37 a 53
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 237.251 2«
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 12.403 33
Total Assets 12.932.934 93
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $125,789 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense r. 157,927 U
Losses resisted, including expenses 22,225 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year cr less, $1,653,963 87;
reinsurance 50 per cent 8C9.1S1 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,480,-
104 03: reinsurance pro rata 761,192 2]
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 25.879 M
All other liabilities 203.634 03
Total Liabilities .J2.136.1S5 0)
1XCOME. " =
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,281,322 OS
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 73.210 29
Total Income $2,354,533 34
EXPENDITURES. ' " T
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $253,326 CC. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,560,433 M
P-id or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 445.94199
Paid for Salaries, Fee-, and other
charges for officers. cl«rks. etc 136.331 2»
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 78.103 73
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 140.008 82
Total Expenditures .S2.3S9.841 43
Fire!
Losses Incurred durln? the year.. ..$1,584,399 63
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks]
written during the!
year I $338,334,133 $3,432,330 1)
: Net amount of Risks I
expired during the
year 369.213,974 2,975.730 33
Net amount In force
December 31. 1900.... 315,819.143 3.133.067 93
~ A. D. IRVINO.
United States Manas--.
Subscribed and s— orn to before me, th!»
Id day of February. 1901.
GEORGE O. RUGER. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COASTl)E?ARTMENT.
BUTLER %. HEWITT,
General Agents,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET.
-
THE WEEKLY CALL
S£l per Year*
The diseases most feared are those ¦which arj y^^^^^ s^^^^"*
inherited — handed- down from generation to gen- -^^^f»V '•• v'^C^v^^^ 1
eration, and family to family. By far the most y^^^it?JVlY\vv<^^^^S
destructive of these is Cancer, which finds the
greatest number of its victims among the children*
and grand-children of those whose blood was tainted
with this dreadful malady. You may carry this poison in the blood for years, but
as the vital powers begin to wane a slight bruise or cut, wart or mole, sore or '
pimple may develop into Cancer. From middle life to old age is the time when
the slumbering poison is most apt to break out, a sore or ulcer often degenerating
into Cancer, and Tumors become more progressive and ulcerate through the skin,
the sharp, shooting pains causing the taost intense suffering.
The Cancer patient naturally grows despondent as one after another the usual,
remedies fail, and the sore shows no sign of. healing. 'The impurities that have'
been accumulating in the system, perhaps for generations, cannot be eliminated nor .
the poisoned blood made pure by salves, washe3 and plasters. The proper treatment
is to purify and build up the blood, remove the cause, when the sore or ulcer heals."
S. S. S. goes directly
Mr. J. B. Arnold, of Greenwood, S. C, writes: "A into the blood, destroys
tiny nicer came, just under the left eye. It bejan the virus, stops thefor-
8preadizi.gr, and grew worse rapidly, destroying 1 the _,_+;__ _r •?-»„_, „ „
flesh as it went. As Cancer Is hereditary in my family nation of 1 Cancerous
I became thorougrhly alarmed, consulting the best phy- cells an(i - .cleanses the
sicians and taking many blood medicines, none of system of impurities: '
¦which did me any Rood, when ono of our leading: What we say of S. S. S. .
drugrgista advised me to try B. S. S., and by the time as a cure for Cancer is
I had taken the second bottle tho Cancer began to supported by the testi-
show sifims of healinar, the discharge prow gradually mO nv of those who have
less and finally ceased altosether, the sore dried up mo ° v , °i.^° s |^ hobaxQ
and nothinar remains but a slight ccar. • I feel that I testea.it and been re-
owe my life to 3. S. S.» stored to health.
Begin in tune, don't
wait until the blood is so polluted and t!i? system so thoroughly saturated with the
poison that no medicine, however efficacious, can check the progress of the disease. *
If there is' a taint in your blood get it out at once, don't wait for some external evi- [
dence of it, the appearance of a tumor or ulcer; , We have prepared a. special boolc ;
' on Cancer which we will mail free. . Our physicians are ready to help* you by their"
advice and such direction as your case requires. - Write us fully and freely — no
charge for medical advice. TH6 SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA; O A.
I - ADVERTISEMENTS. -
A New Departure in
San Francisco Shoe Selling
The world-famed Regal Shoes are now on sale in this city.
The Store at the corner of Geary and Stockton Streets is the only
one West of the Missouri River where shoes are sold direct from tannery
to consumer.
This is. the Regal method. The manufacturers of Regal Shoes own
and maintain retail stores in all the principal cities of the country. The
San -Francisco store is the latest to be established.
Shoe's sold by ordinary methods are handled many times unnecessarily.
This handling costs money. It makes a shoe of the same value as the Regal
cost more. It makes a shoe sold at the Regal price worth much less. The
Regal method eliminates this handling. It saves to the shoe wearer all these
unnecessary profits. It .gives to the shoe wearer $3.50 worth of real
shoe value for $3.50. It gives a shoe the equal in every respect of any $6.00
shoe sold by ordinary methods.
All styles of Regal Shoes sell at the one price^ — $3*50. The styles
are exact duplicates of the patterns now made by the high priced custom
bootmakers of London, Paris and New York.
Regals are made in 162 styles and 121 sizes — a style for every taste
—a fit for every natural foot.
There are 26 styles of Oxfords, (low cut) the popular Summer shape.
M&m p & Shoes Only*
¦ .t • <
Women's Regal Shoes are made in all the Corner Geary and -J^^^SS
popular styles, both dainty and mannish, v+ u* r* ' j+^(
The same reasons which account for the AtOCKtOn JM. ' <*£? l^^sft
superiority of Men's Regal Shoes, apply _jj2jf
equally well to the Women's styles, i * a jrL "^QJ~r= v ~"' t ===r>Qi : '
Women's Rejfal Shoes are obtainable \j^ £T^'^^\ * I«S •
through our Mailorder Department. J^^^^feT" £*¦¦!' !'§•
Address : I, C. BUSS & CO., Mann-' c !
facturers, 109 Summer Street, Boston, Mass. J-*i*S; , ;. .1 ,, -..—^T$c&. ~
Catalogue of Men's and Women's Shoes sent post-paid g^z- — "* ; — == — ~ r ¦ — -¦'"" ¦*——»—-— rss^j^y
on application. ~ ' |J~y
——————— -—»——-i^ _^— — — _~— ~_ __________ __________________________¦_ — ._..
AD-grERTISEMENTS.
Your grdjeer is glad to return
your mone)\ if you don't like
Fels-Xaptha Jsoap.
It saves the worst half of
vrash-day. <
Fels & Co.. leakers, Philadelphia.
" [
is. \ PALACE /^.
Connected jby a covered pas-
tageway abd operated Jointly
under ore management on the
AtrerlcAn and Kuropean plans.
HOG rooms; <»03 with baths.Exchange and. Bullion. ¦ .
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — .$4 SG
Sterling exchange, sight — ' 4 S8%
Sterling Cables ..../. — 4 S9Yz
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 12'A
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — ' ' 15
Silver, per ounce .. ...; — u8 J 4
Mexican dollars, nominal ........ 4S^ @ 50
. Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower, and
the other foreign. markets were quiet. 7- :
" Chicago was firm. There was very little
Wheat on the market, and th6 strength in
Corn helped things materially. The North
western markets were strong.-- The commission
housesewerc fair buyers. .There was rain In
the Northwest, but none in tho Corn belt. The
Wheat crop in the Northwest is now approach
ing tho critical period. - • ¦
This market showed no further change.
Spot Wheat— Shipping,. 95c; milling, 97»i@?l
per. ctl. ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
•Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, S9c; 6000. SS%c; 400C, 9S%c; 2JO0,\ 88%c. :
¦ Second Session— December— 12,000 ctls. 98%c;
4000,' 98%c. ¦ ¦ » .- ¦;:
* Regular Morning Session-December^-4000 ctls,
•Afternoon : ' Session— December— 10,000 ctls,
93%c. ~ . -A . - .- ¦ .... - . ,- ..:,.. ...
BARLEY— Feed showed - more' tone, ; and
LOCAL MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy:
No. 3 spring: wheat, 61%@63c: No. 2 red ¦ 63%@
63%c: No. 2 corn. 47%c; No. 2 yellow.. 47%c: No
2 oats, 31%c; No. 3 white, - 32',4@33V.c; No 2
rye. 49%c: No. 1 flax seed, $188; prime timothy
seed, $4 65; mess pork, per bbl. $14 20@14 30
lard, per 100 lbs. !8 57&@S 60; short-rib sides
rioose). $7 8o@8 C5 : dry salted shoulders (boxed)
714@71.4e; 'short clear fides (box%d), $8 ZhkiS 45
¦whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27; clover "con
tract grade, $9 SO. ' ¦
J. L. Hicks, manufacturer of gas and
gasoline engines. 103 Mairj street, called
at the Central police station yesterday
afternoon and complainert that his son,
Frank A. Hicks, was attacked by four
strikers Tuesday evening and badly
beaten. He wanted warrants for the ar
rest of the four men, bvit there, was no
Judge in the hall to issiie them.
"I am in an awkwaroi position, said
Hicks, "being between t/wo fires. At the
time of the strike I refused to join the
bosses and agreed to thfe demands of the
union Now I am boycoyted by the bosses,
who refuse to supply [me with articles
needed In my business. The strikers
have it in for me_ bedause they say 1
give work to 'scabs.* " I ~?
Sailor Howald S*nt Home.
Jacob Howald was brought before
United States Court Con imlssioner Hea
cock yesterday on a charge of desertion
preferred by Captain JP. R. Stevens,
master of the British shl> Cardiganshire.
United States Immigrant Commissioner
North also put in an r ppearance and
asked the court to order Howald taken
back by Captain SteviSna to Cardiff
Wales, the place where Howald shipped
as a member of the crew. The order waa
made as recuested. lyowald left the
ship as soon as she reached port and went
to the German Hospital. /afterward bring
ing suit In the United I States District
Court against the mastpr of the Car
diganshire for the balance of wages al
leged to have been earn*d by him while
he was sick on board anp unable to per
form, his work. His deportation will ta
the end of the suit.' T
HICKS APPLIES FOB \
POLICE PROTECTION
SPECIAL FRMT SERVICE REPORTS
HollUter— v\ eatwr ravorab:a - for ' fruits.
Prunes -*n<1 apricots do'.ns well
San Jose— North vrin<;; warmer. Caanors
t>tart this week on a sraaU r-ca!e;' weather more
favorable.
Palcrrro— South v.ind. Olive3 locking •well;
prospects Igt a good crop.
Ventura— Half crop email white Lady Wash
5r.«rtci!8 sv.<S pisk beans: s:r.a!l acreage.
Han'o-<J — Calm. Fruit, melons and grain
iofnj: nJeefcr-
Napa — South wind; clear. Hay, color, weight
and Quantity good. Cire»>n yields trill be food
ALEXANDER G. McADTE.
Forecast Official.
The Kilauea Suear Company has declared a
dividend of 2jc per share, payable on the 15th
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared a quarterly dividend of SI 50
per f-hare, payable on the 13th.
Tho Paciric Surety Company has declared a
quarterly dividend of ?1 So per share, payable
immediately.
The P.ank of California has declared a quar
terly dividend of S4 per share, payable on the
lnth. ¦ .- - .-¦.--...
The "Alaska Mexican mine reports 15,603 tons
ore crushed in June, valued at $16,696. and 230
tons Eulphurets save,d, of a value of SS025. The
gross yield for the month was $24,637, th' e ore
averaging $1 58 per ton. The milling expenses,
v.-ere $19,078. . . ' ' '¦
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
"WEDNESDAY, July "10—2 p. m .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Btd.Ask. I * Bid A<»lr
4s quar coup..H2%113ii <s qr c Aiew).138?il39U
4s quar reg 112%113V4 33 quar Toup.. 108^109^4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ' '
Bay Co P C os.105%106%, Oceanic SS 5s 100%
Cal-st 5s 118% — jOmnibua R 6a 127 _
C C Water 5s.. 107% - - |Pac G Imp 4s.. _ 100
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133% Pk ft C H 63.. 106 _
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll7Vi — " Pk & O R 6a.. 117 _
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. r>0 "
H C & S 5%s.lt)6Vi — Sac'E G R 5 S __ _
Do as — 102% S F & SJV 5s."l'O —
Los Ang R 53.113 — Sierra Cal 6a — 110
L a Light 6s.. — 1C2 S P of A 6s
Do gntd,6s..lC0 — (1909) .. mir
Do sntd 5S..1C3 — (1310) .'.'ll2 —
L A & Pac 5s.l00% — S P of C 6s
• Do 1 c m 53.102% - (1905). Ser A.108 108%
Markt-st C 6s.l25 - (19C5).Ser B.108% —
Do 1 c m 5s. 123 — (19C6) 109% —
Nev C N G 7S.105 114 (1912) 11D 1"
Nor R Cal 6s.U2 — S P «f Cal'ist :•
Do 5s 118%113% cp gntd g 5s. 107 —
Nor. Pa.c C 6s. 100% — S P Br Cal 6s.l35 136
Do 5s — — S V Water Ss.liasinisi
Nor R Cal 5s..ll0 113 Do *s......T. 103 103%
Oak Gas os...imi — Do 4s 3d m.101 102
¦ Do Trans 6s.H6s»117^4 Stktn'Gaa 6a.. —
, Do Water 5S.1C2V4U3 . •
The Contra Costa Water Company -win resume
monthly dividends of 42c per share on the 13th.
The Junction Oil Company has levied an as
sessment of lCc, delinquent in of nee August 13.
The following' were ex-dividend yesterday:
Marin County Water Works, IZc; Pacific Gas
Improvement, 25c; First National Bank, semi
annual at 'the rate cf 10 per cent; Market
street Railroad, quarterly, 6Cc; Giant Powder
75c: Paauhau Sugar, 30c; California Wine, 60c
The Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared a dividend -cf'ZOc per share uav
able on the 2Cth. .
There was a marked improvement in business
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
and quite a list of sales was recordad. Maka
weli was higher at i34@34 62% and Gas and
Electric at $42 62%f»42 75. Spring Valley Water
wes lower at $SS<gs7 75.
Heyond some activity in Sterling at previous
prices, theie was little doing on the oil ex
changes.
in the afternoon Spring Valley Water was
lower at $87(586 75 and Gas and Electric higher
at $43 75.
. The Spring Valley Water Company will pay a
dividend of 42c per share on the 2«th.
CHICAGO. " July 10.— Influenced by strength
in coarse Grains, wheat opened firm, and on
light offers the market continued to rule firm
throughout the day. Trade was. moderate, the
crowd continuing to favor corn . and oats, as
promising better results to buyers tinder ex
iatir.s hot weather conditions. Demand was
mostly by shorts, while commission houses
were the sellers. September opened %c to %c
higher at 64V»c to 64%c, and advanced stead
ily, closing %c higher at 64%c, the high point
of the day.,
Exceedingly hot temperatures over »a large
section of the country created excitement in
tho corn pit at the opening. There was an
enormous demand both local and on outside
account early, and it was hard to execute
orders, as scarcely any corn was on the mar
ket, and what was for sale was held by thos»
waiting to take profits. Heavy realizing on
the • advance caused a sharn decline, but en
renewed buying pries rallied again. Septem
ber corn closed %@%c higher at 49%c.
There was about" as bier a market for oats
as for corn. Weather conditions were the bull
influences, together with sympathy with corn.
September closed %@%c higher at 31%c.
Provisions opened steady with a firm under
tone. The damare to corn and oats by heat
and the drying up of pastures had a, stimulat
ing effect. . September pork closed SOc higher,
lard 13c higher and ribs liic higher.
The leading futures ranged as "follows:
STOCK MARKET.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over Washington and
Vancouver Island. %iain is falling at Neah
Bay. An extensive area of low pressure over
lies the Pacific Slo^e. Unsettled weather pre
vails over the valley of the Colorado, and
ehoxers arc reported through Arizona. Rain
has fallen in Northern Mexico. •
There has been but little change In tempera
ture over the western half of the country.
¦ Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ondlng minr.'ght, July 10:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; con
tinued warm v.eathcr in the Interior; light
eouthcrly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, except
phowrrs Sn the mountains; light southwest
winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday: continued warm
Troatlier: Ii;jM westerly v.-infls.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh eouthwest winds.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK, July 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
10,440 barrels: exports. , 21,460 barrels. Active
and tirm at full prices. '
WHEAT- Receipts, 21S.600 bushels; exports,
127,130 bushels. Srwt— Firm. No. 2 red, 72V>c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 71%c elevator; No." 1
Northern Duluth, 73c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 hard
Duluth. 80%c f. o. b. afloat. Options— Opened
firm with corn and on active covering and
closed firm at 'fee net advance. July, 70Vi@
.70%c, closed at 70%c;, September. 69%@70 7-lGc,
closed 70Vic; October closed 70%c; December
closed 72?>,c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDKS— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio. dull; No. 7 Invoice,
u'/sc; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%@12%c. Futures-
Closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points lower.
Total sales were 5500 bass, including: Sep
tember, $5 05; October, ?5 10; November, $5 15;
December, J5 30; January, $5 35; May, $5 Co. .
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refinins, 3 9-16c:
centrifugal, 93 test, 4 3-16c; molasses sugar, in
active. 3 5-16c.
BUTTKR— Receipts, 13,300; steady. State
dairy, 14®lS%c; creamery, 15@19%c; factory,
13@15%C.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,000. Western candled, 14
@15c; Western uncandled, 9@12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— State, common to
good, 3%@5c; prime, 5%Ci6c; choice, 6@6'ic;
fancy, 6%@7c.
California dried fruits unchanged.
PRUNES— 2%©-6%c. . . " , .
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c: Moorpark, 7' / i@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, li@12c; unpeeled, C@10c.
:_(. <l
CSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 10—5 p. m.
The followins maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 5S; Mount Tsmalyais, S3: San Luis
Obispo, SO; Fresno. 1C2; Los Angeles. S4; Red
Bluff. CS; Sacramento, ?n; Independence 93
£an Diego. 72.
San francos *o data— Maximum temoerature
€4; minimum, 49; mecn. 5C.
Weather Report.
"For the present we cnticipate a traders"
market. As we have just said, conditions
¦wouid to especially favorable to a bull market
¦were it not for the limited resources of the
banks. This will impede £-?neral activity,
liiougrh it may net hainuer the operations of
individual cliques interested in the manipu
lation cf their specialties. Strong efforts to
manipulate certain etockr lr.ay be expected
within the next fev.- montl s. and when ac
tivity If rf-newed the market will repay close
¦watching-."
"General conditions are exceptionally favor
able. If prices are high profits are still ab
normal, and it is dividends or possible 31vi
dojde that make the values of etocks. Ameri
can railroads are «m enjeying- most excep
tional prosperity. They are not only carrying
reccrd-break'rg tonnage, but rates have been
established upon a profitable basis, and in
creased dividends are being earned on some
roads, while others, which never dreamed of
dividends :n this generation, are at least com
ing: within sight of that desirable and com
ff>rtabie rtatus. The railroads are really en
joying Use mutt legitimate and substantial pros
perity of any interest in the country, and if
the quotations of many seem absurdly high
they ar» really Felling on their merits much
more closely than the majority of industrials.
The 'community cf interest' plan makes a
distinctly new era in the railroad world, and
it is that which Is adding so greatly to the
earning powers of . the railroads. Crop re
porta are generally of a favorable character.
notwithstanding ihe extraordinary weather of
i2£t -R-eei:. The whect crop is practically safe,
and some estimates run as high as 700,000,000
V.ushels. While this seems an exaggerated fig
ure, there is little doubt that the crop will be
the largest on record. General business con
ditions are certainly satisfactory, and there
1? every prospect th£t the last six months of
iP<U -will be as good as the same time in l?00,
if not bolter. Recent bank failures have in
duced scitk^ caution in bankingr circles which
¦was eminently r>s:rable. No general unsound
ness can b« detected, but these are warnings
of speculative excesses and weak Fpots that
should net be overlooked. Quite likely we may
have similar experiences later on. those being
t*mes when undue risks are taken. When
credit ccr.tracts coUapse follows, and hence
forth the banks nrs likely to be more discrim-
Jnatirff in their co!i?teral.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews says
Wall Street Conditions.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
11.703 Atchlson 77%
14.100 Atchison prefd ; 100%
9,200 Baltimore & Ohio ! 59 '
....... Baltimore & Ohio prefd 93
2,000 Canadian Pr.c:Sc 102
200 Canada Southern 67
7,100 Chesaneake & Ohio 45"4
3.9C0 Chicago & Alton 40«i
4J0 Chicago & Alton prefd 77 J i
."00 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy...l..l96V>
2.300 Chicago, Ind & Louisville S3
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 70
1C0 Chicago &. Eastern Illinois 125
2.1P0 Chicago & Great Western •... 22%
200 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 82
700 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 48%
iOO Chicago & North wascern 190
2, 400 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 140%
LS0O Chicago, Terminal & Trans 21
1.CC0 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... 40»A
3.600 C C C & St Louis 87V*
1,200 Colorado Southern 13H
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 50^1
TOO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21%
%0 Delaware & Hudson 162
S00 Delaware, Lack & Western 229%
Denver & Rio Grande 4s "
TOO Dem-er & Rio Grande prefd 93
3S,'AjO Erie 38%
C.SCO Erie 1st prefd G8
1,000 Erie 2d prefd... B4U
12/iGO Great Northern prefd 179 1 !
200 Hocking Valley 50'
400 Hocking Valley prefd 74',i
G.2C0 Illinois Central MSVi
1,200 Iowa Centra! 34
2,400 Iowa Central prefd 76%
KiO Lake Erie £z Western 56
Lake Erie /fc Western prefd 118
C4.SOO Louisville & Nashville 1C3
27.000 Manhattan Elevated ns%
6,000 Metropolitan Street Railway 1G8
700 Mexican Central 25%
1,200 Mexican National s%
Z<!*> Minneapolis & St Louis 1C6
22,SU<» Missouri Pr.ciHc : 104
i50 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 27
1,200 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 55%
New Jersey Csntral 162
3,000 New York Central 152%
4W Norfolk & Western 49"
100 Norfolk *i Western prefd 90
1,200 Northern Pp.ciflc prefd 90
1.00U Ontario & Western 44
23.400 Pennsylvania 14514
12.000 Reading 42%[
4.000 Reading; 1st prefd 76%
3,500 Reading M vjreM 53 .
2,500 St Lov.in & Sa:i Francisco iiu.
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 79"
8,400 Et Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 69'i
1.1C0 St Louis Southwestern^, 31 "
1,200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 60'A
C3C0 St I—I ifiii?
ICO Et Paul prefd 1S5
5.400 Southern Pacific 52%
1S.SC0 Southern Railway 30%
2T;0 Southern Railway prefd 84%
3,200 Texas & Pacific '..41%
300 Toledo. St Louis & West 20
650 Toledo, b't Louis & West prefd 35V4
131,253 Union Pacific 99%
200 Union Pacific prefd.... 8SU
5.403 Wabash 19
3,900 Wash prsfd 337^
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie ]8"?4
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 31V.
3,900 Wisconsin Central ; 20;£
Z03 Wisconsin Central prefd 43"
P. C. C. & St. L » 78
Express Companies —
Adams 165
American 192
United States 83
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
15.7f.O Amalgamated Copper 11R
2.9M American Car & Foundry 29%
703 American Car & Foundry prefd 83%
American Linseed Oil.. 28%
8W American Linseed Oil prefd 62
2.200 American Smelting & Refining 54%
. 2.S00 American Smelting & Refln prefd 101 M
E"*) American Tobacco 133V.
l.cm Anaconda Mining Co , 46
11,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit... 77%
1.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron ."..103
2,830 Consolidated Gas 21fi
COO Continental Tobacco 6614
Continental Tobacco prefd 11714
1.200 General Klectrwr "..'.254%
601 Glucose Susar 54 7 i
400 Koskins: Coal 21;
203 International Paper...'.: 21,
........ International Paper prefd '76
1,600 International Power 90'A
Laclede Gas 95 '
219 National Biscuit 40
1.201 National Lead .> 19%
100 National Salt 44
National Salt prefd 7fi
1,100 North American 93
Pacific Coast.... 05
1.2^0 Pacific Mail 37%
6,W1 People's Ga» l]2 7 4
400 Pressed Fteel Car...: AV' S
.'. Pressed Ste«l Car prefd S4
15"> Pullman Palace Car ink
2C0 Republic Steel iw.
1.201 Republic Steel prefd 73
R.f«V> Pupar .....138V1
5,830 Tennessee Coal ft Iron 62%
Union Bag fz Paper Co is»4
Union Bast & Paper Co prefd 72 '.
1.300 i:nlt«vl States Leather..: ;. IS
1,700 United States leather, prefd. ........ 77
150 United States Rubber 21
I'nlted States Rubber prefd..:....... H9U
64.7."0 United States Steel:....:.....;-... 43«
2.650 United St«t<>«s Steel prefd 94
6.C00 Western Union 90%
CLOSING BONDS.
U B.2» refunding N Y Cent lsts..... 104%
reg .....107Vi N J Cent gen 6s. .131
do coup ...107Ji No Pac 3s 7^%
do 3s res 1C8 No Pac 4b.. ...... .103?i
was very generally affected, the Eastern trunk
lines sharing in the fullest of the day's weak
ness. ' Indications show that speculative buyers
of the recent past and even Ions time holders
who refused to be shaken out by the May
panic were among the sellers. The growing
conviction that there would be no sufficient
ease of money before the fall demand for. mov
ing the crops to Invite active speculation was
borne in upon speculators who were holding
large lots in anticipation of a midsummer buy
ing movement, and they threw over stocks in
large volume under the conviction that money
conditions might .be worse before they are
better again. - ,
The gold export was the most important fae
tor in causing this feeling. The fact that in
terior hanks are already feeling the demand
for money from the agricultural centers is an
indication that that demand on New York will
come unusually early this year. A possible
source of relief was by imports of gold from
abroad and foreign money markets have cal
culated upon supplying gold for such a move
ment. An outward movement of gold after the
July settlements abroad and when exchange
bills against future payments of grain are al
ready in large supply in the New York mar
ket comes as a shock. Probably the unsettled
financial conditions in Germany explain the
movement, which must be a special one, al
though the plans of the Austro-Hungarian Gov
ernment to attract gold for currency purposes
may have its part.
The announcement of the engagement found
the market well above last night on a con
tinuation of yesterday's recovery, but liquida
tion set in at once and was continued in in
creasing volume until the close, which was
active and* weak at about the lowest The net
declines in the market leaders reached such fig
urs as the following: Rock Island 8, St. Paul
a%, Atchison 5%. Union Pacific o'i, Missouri
Pacific b%, Kansas and Texas preferred 1%,
Louisville and Nashville 4%. Iowa Central 5,
do preferred 7% and Chicago and Eastern Illi
nois 6. .
In other prominent active stocks, including
some of the Eastern trunk lines and leading
specialties, prices are between 2% and 4 points
lower qn the day. The steel stocks are about
two points lower.
The unbroken drouth in the corn belt and an
effort to discount an expected favorable show
ing of the Government's monthly crop report
were elements in the weakness of the market,
but were not sufficient to account for the gen
eral weakness Fhown.
The railroad bond market was -fairly active
at lower prices. Total sales, $3,095,000.
United States refunding 2s declined 14 per
cent on the last call.
California Fruit Sales.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. - 81 iSpring Valley. 86^ —
Marin County. 51 — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I* & P... 3% — Pacific Light.. 47 ;
Equitable 4& i% Sacramento .. — —
Mutual - 6 S F G & E.... 43J ? 44
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4k 4%
Pac Gas Lnp.. 41% — JStktn G & E.. 3 —
INSURANCE. . .
Firem's Fund. — 250 I
. BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77%— IL P & A... ...150 —
California 40S%410 Mer Ex (llq).. M — .
Cal Safe Dep..lO8 — S F National.. 127% —
First Natlonl..305 — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1850 1925 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt ..:.. — — Security ••••••2J» ~
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1600 —
San Francisco.515 — ?i>
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 O S L & H 40 -
Geary — 40 Presidio -- 2'.a —
Market "2tt —
¦ POWDER.
Giant 75% 77 jVlgorlt 8 3U
SUGAR.
Hana 6% 6% Kllauea ....... 17% 15*i
Hawaiian 50 - Makawell 34% g
Honokaa 19 IMS Onomea 22 22%
Hutchinscn ... 17% 13 Paauhau 21% &>r*
* MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 131%132%i Oceanic S Co.. 50% —
Cal Fruit Can. 95% 97% Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 39%101 Pac C Borax..l6o -
Merchnta* Ex.. 110 — Par Paint .... 16 —
Morning Session.
Board— ,.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 131 .0
50 Hana Plantation Co 6 aO
975 Honokaa Sugar Co 19 CO
100 Hutchinson S P Co IS 00
60 Makawell Sugar Co Z,£w
20 Makaweli Sugar Co *» 5-3
£0 Makawell Sugar Co 34 oO
50 Makaweli Sugar Co » ~±
20 Oakland Gas w •¦>
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s «• CO
$7000 Oceanic S S bonds 1C1 CO.
1C0 Oncmea Sugar Co...- 5X1
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 62,4
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 4- 75
$10CO S P of A bonds (19C9) 1"
5 S V Water - |S £>
0 S V Water 8 i ?«^»
BO S V Water »i JJ
80 S V Water 8l g
$20CO S V 4s <2d Mortgage) 10" Zo
Street—
45 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar oO 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Alaska Packers' Association 132 CO
50 Equitable Gas 4 50
15 Giant Powder Con •» 00
310 Honokaa Sugar Co 1!» «u
50 Pacific Gas Imp 42 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 7a
WSV Water 8" <K>
35 S V Water - So 10
Street—
4CO Honokaa Sugar Co » «•>
$7000 S P Branch Ry 6s 135 30
$1000 S V 4s (2d Mortgage) 103 25
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
f 50 Caribou "S
' 500 Caribou 73
300 Occidental of XV Va 50
20 Peerless' 4 9j
900 Sterling 130
1C0 Sterling, b 90 135
200 Sterling, tf 60 1 3j
100 Sterling, b SO ...: 137%
. . Afternoon Session.
." . Board— r - • -
10CO Cala-Standard 25
500 Caribou »>.\
50 Junction 12
6C0 Junction : 11
1C0 Occidental of W Va 43
500 Oil City Petroleum -'•">
130 Oil City Petroleum 25
1000 Petroleum Center, a 90 05
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Caribou "3
50 Junction 1"
5C0 Lion Oil Co _ 11
1C0 Peerless 5 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Lion Oil Co \ 11
50 Peerle&s 5 CO
100 Sterling, s 30 135
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninz Session.
100 Best & Belcher 21 4C0 Mexican 17
100 Caledonia 38 5^0 Ophir '.0
10O Challenge Con.. 21 2C0 Savage CS
3C0 Con Cal & Va..2 15i
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 40> 110 Gould & Curry. 12
i ICO Con Cal & Va..2 13 1C«> Justice 01
50 Confidence SO; 650 Ophir 6S
350 Confidence 85
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Beard yesterday:
Mornin~ Session. . .
SCO Best & Belcher 211 50 Confidence 73
2C0 Challenge Con.. 20 200 Crown Point... 07
300 Challenge Con.. 21 S00 Mexican IS
2C0 C C & Va....2 17% 300 Mexican 17
3C0 C C & Va 2 15 200 Ophir 7')
50 Confidence 72i ICO Silver Hill 23
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 21 1 2C0 Hale & Nor.... IS
3C0 Best & Belcher 20; 300 Mexican 17
200 Challenge Con.. 23! 200 Ophir 69
530 C C & Va 2 12%^| 3C0 Overman 17
60 Confidence 7Bl 5f.O Savage u.. 07
! 200 Confidence S4] 3C0 Union Con...... 13
200 Crown Point... .07, 300 Yellow Jacket.. OS
2C0 Gould & Curry. 121
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July 10— I p. in.
Bid.Ask. . Bid.Ask.
Alpha 01 0" Justice 01 02
Alta — 06 Kentuck Cl 03
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher: 10 11 Mexican 17 IS
Best & Belcher 29 22 Occidental 03 €4
Bullion — 03 Ophir 6S €9
Caledonia r. 39 41 Overman IS 19
Challenge Con.. 22 24 Potosi 07 03
Chollar .... C6 07'Savage 07 PS
Confidence 85 87 Scorpion ¦ — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 10 2 15 Seg Belcher.... — C2
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 17 18
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill 2S 30
Crown Point... 07 CS St Loui* 06 —
Eureka Con.... C6 — Standard 3 70 r-
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 03 07
Gould & Curry. 12 13 Union Clon 13 15
1 Hale &. Nor.... IS 19'utah ..{• C2 04
! Julia — 02' Yellow Jacket.. 03 09
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and silver unchanged.
JVhcat weak and quiet. Barley showing some improvement.
Oats and Corn still excited in the West.
Com higher here and red Oats lozver.
Hav vscakcr under larger arrivals. Fecdstuffs firm.
Beans nozv wanted for shipment.
Potatoes weakening again. Tomatoes in heavy supply.
Butter advancing sharply on the Exchange.
Cheese and fine Eggs quoted very firm.
Poultry market lightly supplied and firm.
Leading fresh fruits in demand and firm.
Fresh supplies of Bananas in from the islands.
Xcw evaporated Apples in demand and rising.
New dried Apricots and Peaches bringing good prices.
Provisions quoted as before.
Meat market unchanged.
Another advance in Grain Bags.
improved business in local stocks and bonds.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— To-day's statement
of the treasury shows:. Available cash balance,
U7C,466,GS2; gold, $101,854,874.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Money on call, steady,
at 4@5 per cent; last loan, 5 per cent ; rulingrate,
5 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@4% per
cent. Sterling exchange, heavy, with actual
business in bankers' bill at $4 87%@$4 87V6 for
demand and $4 84 1 ,4@4 85 for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 86©4 88%. Commercial bills, $4 84% @
4 84%. Bar silver, 58%c. Mexican dollars, 46%c.
Government bonds, weak; railroad bonds, weak;
State bonds, inactive.
New York Money Market.
LONDON. July 10. -Atchison, 84%; Canadian
Pacific, 105U : Anaconda. 9% ; Northern Pacific
preferred, 96 l ,i; Union Pacific' preferred, • 92V4.
United States Steel preferred, 98V4; bar silver,
dull, 26s 5d per ounce; money, 1@1^ per cent.
The stock market to-day was much more
cheerful than yesterday, but it was rather a
reaction from weakness than anything really
specific In the way of improvement. Business
was only moderate, eave In the American de
partment, which was more active than lately.
The strength and buoyancy exhibited in New
Y.ork yesterday decidedly demoralized the local
bears and to-day there was a 'fresh crop of
bulls, particularly in Atchison. The Continent
was a slight seller only. New York's buying
gave an early boost to Louisville, which was
talked of as going on a 6 per cent basis. On
the official opening Atchison was sold heavily,
causing a flat finish, Louisville and Nashville
alona maintaining strength. The weakness was
partly due to talk about a Western heat wave.
Money ruled steady. •
CLOSING.
NEW YORK, July 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Money— West End 97
Call loans 4@5 Westingh Elec ... 67%
Time loans ....3%®!% Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s 103
Atchison 77 N E G & Coke 5s: 57Vi
do prefd 100 Mining shares —
Am Sugar 138!4 Adventure .23
Am Telephone: 154 Bingham Min Co. 22%
Boston & Albany.. 256 Amaig Copper ....117 r ;i
Boston Elevated ..185 Atlantic ....:...... 37
CB-&Q.... ..196 Calumet & Hecla.795
Dom Coal 39 Franklin 17^
do prefd 114 Humholdt 25
U S. Steel 43^ Osceola ......'...... 90
do prefd 94- Parrot 53
Fitchburg prefd ..146 ; Cjulncy^ 180?i
Gen Electric .257 Santa Fe Copper.. 6V3
N E Gas & Coke.. 7 Tamarack 345
Rubber 20% Utah Mining 30
Union Pac 99% Winona 3',i
Union Land ;Z\b Wolverines 59
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Adams Con 15 Little Chief 13
Alice 44 Ontario 9 25
Breece 1 50 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con.... 15 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel.. 06% Potosi 05
Con Cal & Va ... 2 15 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 13
Iron Sliver ROiStandard 3 45
Leadvllle Con Co
do coup '..108% N Y C &:st L 4S.107&
do new 4s reg....l3S% Norf & W con 4s.. 103
do coup l3S*i Or Nav lsts ......1C7
do old Is reg 112% do 4s 103
do coup 1129* Or S Line 6s 130
do 5s reg 109 do con 5s 116>,4
ao coup 109 Reading gen 4s .. 95%
Dist of Col 3. 63s.... 125 R G W lsts..,.)...101i,i
Atchlson gen 4s.... 104 St L & I M con os. 117
do adj 4s 98 St L & S F gen 6s. 133^
Can So 2ds 110 St Paul cons .. ISO
Ches & Ohio 4Us..lO8 St P C & Pac lsts.120
do 5s 120 do 5s 117'i
C & N W con 7s...ll2Vi South Pac 4s 92U
do S F deb 5s. ...122V, South Ry 5s.. 118
Chi Term 4s S3 S Rope & T 6s CO-
Colo South 4s S9 Tex & Pac lsts liSVS
D & R G 4s 101*; do 2ds ....103
Erie gen 4s S7>4 Union Pac 4s 104VJ
Ft W & D C lsts. 106 Wabash lsts 11S»4
Gen Elec 5s 200 *do 2ds ..114
Iowa Cent lsts 115 West Shore 4s 112Vi
L & Nash uni 4s... 101% Wis Cent lsts 87^a
M K & T 2ds S4% Va Centuries 96Vs
do 4s 97%
MINING STOCKS.
NEW YORK. July 10.— The feature ! of the
metal market to-day was the heavy decline
of £12 In the price of spot tin in London, the
closing- figures being £123. F"tures declined
£2, to £115 5s. This great break- in prices for
spot tin was due, it is said, to the miscalcu
lation of the clique as to the necessities of
spot buyers. There was no demand for spot
tin. The local market was influenced to some
extent by the break abroad, and the spot price
at New York was marked down 75 points with
the closing price standing at $27 25§27 75, and
ihe tone was weak at the close.
Copper was inactive here, but nominally un
changed, with lake quoted at 17c and casting
at 16%c. The London market was 3s 9d bet
ter, closing with spot at £63 and futures at
£G7 Ss 9d. ,
Lead in New York was dull and unchanged,
with 4%c quoted, while London was Is 3d lower
at £12 5s.
V Pigiron warrants, quiet, $9 50@10.
The English markets were dull, with Glasgow
closing at 51s and Middlesboro at 44s lV£d.
Spelter, dull and unchanged at %Z 90@3 93.
Nciv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Much of the advance
recently scored in cotton futures was wiped
out to-day. The close was easy at a net de
cline of 10 to 19 points, with July leuding the
decline'.
Northern Wheat Market. •
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 10. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, SCc. '.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 10.— WHEAT— Fell off %c to
day, the offers being 56c for club and 57c for
bluestem. The spot wheat fleet consists of
one sailing vessel and two steamers. Two ships
are in. the stream, awaiting tugs.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. July 10.— Clearings, $333,4S2;
balances, $60,319.
. Foreign Markets. \ './
LOXDPN, July 10. — Consols,! 93; silver,
26 15-lSd; French rentes; lOOf 65c; wheat car
goes on passage, easier and neglected; No. 1
standard California, 2Ss lOV^d; Walla Walla
2Ss;vEnglish. country markets, quiet.-
LIVERPOOL. July 10.— Wheat, easy: 'No. 1
standard California, Es -Sd@5s 9d; wheat in
Paris, steady; Hour in Paris.- steady: French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine. • •
COTTON-Uplands, 4 ll-16d.
Nczv York Metal. Market.
LONDON, July 10.— The offerings at the w^ol
auction sales to-day numbered 1173 bales.
American buyers purchased a' fair -share of su
perior Merinos, including New South Wales,
Victoria and Tasmanian greasy.' A fair supply
of scoureds and crossbreds sold readily. Falk
land Islands and Punta Arenas were In fair
demand at unchanged prices. ';¦
London Wool Sales.
The sales since January 1 amount to 114,852,600
pounds, against 70,272,600 pounds for the corre
sponding time last year.
The sales for the week in Boston amounted
to 3.670,500 pounds domestic and 212,200 pounds
foreign, making a total of 3,882.700 pounds,
against a total of 6.195,000 for ihe previous week
and a total of 1,316,000 pounds for the corre
sponding week last year.
Another fact which has also tended to im
part strength to the market Is the continued
firmness in the Territories. Quite a lot of de
sirable medium stock is reported to have sold
at 14c. Indications are that wools will be
cleaned up as thoroughly in Montana as they
were In Idaho, and as they have been in most
of the Territories this season.
The wool market has been less active the
past week, the intervention of a holiay, com
bined with the dull and unfavorable opening at
the London markets, naturally tending to re
strict. Reports received since the opening of
the London sales indicate some improvement.
The trade is feeling better than at the begin
ning of the week under review and this feel
ing has been greatly strengthened by the tenor
of the reports from the goods market.
BOSTON, July 10.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Boston Wool Market.
Earl" Fruit Company^ sales: Peaches — Craw
fords, $1 10@l 45 box; Decker, average, $1 29;
Halo's. Early, average, 90c; Fosters, $1 10@l 35;
Imperial, $1@1 10; St.. Johns. 80c@51 45. Apri
cots — Moorpark, average, $1 35 single crates."
Plums — Burbanks, $1 10@l 30 single, crates;
Purple Duanes. $1 30@l 35; California Red, av
erage, $1 70; Wickson, $1 15@1 95. Prunes—Si
moni, average, $1 10 single crates; Tragedy;
$1 35@1 60. Pears— Bartletts, $2 45@2 60 boxes.
|1 25@1 60 half .boxes. Seven • cars Of: fruit
were sold to-day. - . ¦ • ' . ,
NEW YORK, July 10.— Earl- Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Barletts.$2. 10
@4 15 boxes. Peaches— Hale's Early, 15cf5j$l 15
per box; St. John, 65c@$l 20; Fosters, 90c@$l 25.
Plums— Burbanks, 85c@$l 43; Sat^uma, 90c@
$1 15; Wickson, $1 ZB@1 65; Galifornia Red( $1 20
@1 SO. Prunes— Tragedy, ?1 20@l 70. Figs-
Black. 60@35c. . ¦
Porter Bros.' Company sales: Peaches —
Hale's Early, 55®90c; St. Johns, 55c@$l 05;
Early Crawford. 95c@?l 40; Decker. $1 05<?Jl 55.
Plums— Burbank. $1@1 45; Wickson, $1 45@2 10;
Abundance, $1@1 10; Satsuma, $1@1 15; Sultan,
$105; California Red, $180; Diamond, $155;
Chacot, $1 60; Glaister, $2 95: Royal Hative.
70c. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 15O1 60. Pears—Bart
letts, $1 G0@l 75 half boxes. Figs— Black, 83@95c.
CHICAGO, July 10.— Porter Bros.' Company
sales of California fruit: PearsBartletts,' ?2 40
@2 65. Plums— Burbanks, f 1 25. Peaches-
Halo's .Early, 90cff$l; St. John. $1 15@1 23;
Crawfords, $1 15@1 55. ' ' • ¦ -
st. joseph;
ST. JOSEPH, July 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
24S2. Steady to 10c lower. Natives, $4 25@5 90;
cows and heifers, $1 E0@4 90: bulls and stags,
»2 -K®o; stockers and feeders, $2 40@4 30; veals,
HOGS— Receipts, CS5S. ' Market steady to 5c
lof-er. Light and- light • mixed, $5 10@5 S2V6;
medium and heavy, S5 75@6 05; pigs, $4@5;
bulk. $5 72%@5 So. ' ¦ .. ¦ .
SHEEP— ReceiDts, 475. Market . stronger.
Spring -lambs, 15©25c, higher; top, ?5 50.
CHICAGO, July 10.— CATTLE— ReceiDts 17,
000, including SCO ,Texans. Choice, steady;
others elow. Gocd to' prime, steers, *5 15<§6 39;
poor to medium, $3 90@5 10; stockerd and feed
ers, (2 25@4 10; cows and heifers, J2 40@5; can
ners, J2@,a 40; bulls. $2 40@4 35;. calves, $4(g6 50:
Texas steers, $3 2o'f<5 20; "bulls, ?2 50(g'3 40.
HOGS — Receipts -'to-day, 22,000; to-morrow,
18.000; estimated left over, 2000; 5c higher; ac
tive, closing firm. ' Mixed and butchers', $5 70
©6 15; coofl to choice heavy, $5 «0@6 20; rough
heavy, $5 7£(S5 85; light, $5 75@6 05; bulk of
sales, fo 95©6 10. '.-%* '
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000. Strong. 10@15c
higher. Good to choice wethers, S3 60@4 35;
fair to choice, mixed, $3@3 R5: Western sheep,
S3 50@4 35; yearlings, $4®4 6fr; native lambs, $4
@5;75; Western lambs, |3 50®5 65; spring lambs,
$5 75.. ....... r ¦¦ ¦ . ¦•
Chicago Livestock
"Wheat — 'Sept. Dec.
Opening V 54 5 5-
Closing ..5 4% 5 5%
PARIS. ;
Wheat— , f July. • Sept. -Dec.
Opening .20 30 2110
Closing ....20 35 2115
Flours- - \
Opening .......... .....V. 25 85 26 85
Closing ;.. '....25 85 26 95
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY 10.
Flour.qr sUs 12.777jStraw, tons 5
Wheat, ctls 5.0C0 (Wool, bales 45
Barley, ctls 9,lS0iBroonicorn, bdls. 103
Oats, ctls 1,240 Wine, gals 40,300
Corn, East, ctls.. G00 'Sugar, ctls 10,187
Beans, sks 643jLlme, bbls... 1 273
Potatoes, eks 3,648 j Pelts, bdls 227
Onions, sks 1,254 .Hides, No 3,334
Bran, sks-. l,150JQuicksilver, fisks 139
Middlings, sks... 2S3;Leather, rolls.... 38
Hay, tons 633' ~
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 2,445/
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, 5.S3c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.83c; Dry Granulated. 3.73c; Confection
ers' A, 5.73c: Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, Uc more: half-barrels, 23c more; boxes,
50c more: 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
.for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Doml
nos, half-barrels, 6.50; boxes, 6.75 per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
12'/4c; Pearl Oil, in cases, lSV4c; Astral, 18%c;
Star. lS'/ic; Extra Star. 22%e; Elaine., 23t4c;
Eocene, 20M.C;- deodorized stove gasoline, in
bulk, 15c: in cases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnins Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
94c; raw, 92c; cases, 5c more;, Lard. Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc; cases, S3c; China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, C3c: cases, 70c; Sperm, pure. 63c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37V5@42 1 / ac per gallon; Fish
Oil, In barrels. 35c; cases, 40c.
GRAIN BAGS— Another advance in Calcut
tas 'went Into effect yesterday. San Quentin
Bags, $5 60; Calcutta Grain Bags, 8@S 1 /4c; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bag3.
Z'2<Q35c; Fleece Twine, 7' / t@Sc; Fruit Bags,
5%@Sc for cotton and S'/iSS^ic for jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southneld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$3 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend. 49;
Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
per ton; Coke, 115 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 2C0 lbs and under, 6%c;
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders. : sows, 20 per cent
off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
63 from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7^@9 1 /ic.
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 8@9c per" lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 7@7&c per
pound. ¦ 1
LAMB— Spring, 8»£@9c per tfound.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring. 19C0 or 1&01— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14^15%c: do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free, 12@13c: defective. 9@Uc; Mid
dle County, free, 10@llc: do, defective, 8@10c:
Southern. 12 months. S@3c; Southern, free, 7
months, 7(5. 10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@8c;
Oregon Valley, fine. 14® 15c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice. ll@13c;
do, fair to good, 9&llc; Nevada, lOf^ll^c.
HOPS— 15<g 2Cc per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%@llc; medium, 9<gl0o; light, SU@g c:
Cow Hides, V/i@VA<: for heavy and S&@9e for
light: Stags. 6V4c; Salted Kip. 9>4c; Salted Veal.
9»4iS10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c:
Culls. 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 17@18c:
Culls and BVands, 14g;i3c; Sheepskins, shear
lings,'15@30c each; short Wool, 30030c each;
medium, 60@73c; long Wool. 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 50@2 75 for large and $2®2 25
for medium. $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 73 for large, $1 50
for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 33c; fall or
medium skins. 3Cp; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice.
£c; No. 2 3<6<!fi4c; grease, 2»£®3c.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9^4c: one tierce, 9Hc; two tierces,
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10%c; 10-lb tins, HUc; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
There Is nothing new to report.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
l?%c for light medium. 13^c for light, UMc for
extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13V4@14c: California Hams,
13c; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50:
Family, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, ?23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 13i£@14c
per lb.
Provisions.
crop throughout the East. Some sales of new
evaporated have been made at 5c in . the So
ncma Valley, but growers are now asking an
advance over this price and higher quotations
are not unlikely. • Prices for new Peaches will
be seen below.
¦ FRUITS— Apricots, 8@9c for new; Evapo
rated Apples,. 4@6c; sun dried, 1%®2%c; Peaches,
S^ff^c for standard, 4%®o'/4c for choice and
6@6\4c for fancy; New Peaches, 6c for July
and 5e for August delivery; Pears, 2@7c:
Plums, pitted. 3@4c: unpitted, *i®Uic; Nec
tarines, 4(54%c for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6tfc; 50-60s, 4Vtc:
60-70s. 3%c: 70-SOs, 3>ic; 80-SOs, 2-?ic; 90-100s, 2»4c;
1C0-12CS. liic. ' v ¦.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10'ic per 1b;
choice, 9Hc; standard, S%c: prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas. Sc; Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
6V»c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6^jc; 2-crown, 6c:
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, a%c, and
4-crown, o^c; seeded (Fresno prices), oUc; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50, per box; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1* softshelL ll@U%c;
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10.@10%c; No. 2.
6H@7%c; Almonds, 13©14c for paper-shell. 10®
lie for softsheft and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5©6<» for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 11®11%c;
Filberts' 12@12%c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@3.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9®9%c
for light amber: water white extracted. 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4Vic; dark. 3^0.
BEESWAX— 25(g2Sc per lb.
Prices for Butter are rapidly advancing on
the Dairy Exchange, another advance of l*4c
occurring yesterday, as willtoe seen. The mar
ket • is not very liberally supplied now, but
dealers are afraid that the rapid advance ¦ will
check orders. : - -
Cheese rules firm, with moderate stocks.
There is no further advance in local Eggs,
the market being steady, with ample supplies
or medium and lower-grades, though stocks- of
fine ranch are diminishing, as already men
tioned. Eastern Egg3 are higher.
Receipts were 23.9C0 pounds and "34 tubs of
Butter, lOOS cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs. -31,700 pound3 of California Cheese and
30,000 pounds of Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 20c per lb for fancy
and 18@19c for seconds; dairy, 14@18c per lb
CHEESE— New, WCS^c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. ¦ 10c per lb.
. EGGS-«-Ranch, 16(6r'lSe for good to fancy;
store, 13@13c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 2Cc; firsts, 18c; seconds,
Dairy — Extras, ISc; firsts, 15c; seconds Re
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice, 8V>c ;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c; East
ern, full cream, 13@15c per lb --
EGGS— _.-
California "lanch— Selected white, ISc; mixeJ
colors. 16c per dozen. '
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard,
13c ; seconds, — — .
.Eastern— Standard, 15c per dozen..
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The firmness in tree, fruits continues and the
market cleans up well. The dryers are now
buying Apricots, which has advanced the price
of small fruit $5 . per ton. Growers are not
contracting 'much with the canners, saying
that the latters' terms are too severe. Peaches
Pears and Plums are very firm. Figs and Nec
tarines are getting more plentiful. Melons
keep up well under light receipts, but Grapes
are .-weakening.
A fresh lot of Bananas came in from the
Islands yesterday. No price has yet bsen
fixed. Limes are still off the market.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
• APPLES— New. -23c@H 23 per large box and
lo@35c per basket. ... t ¦ • .
¦APRICOTS— 35fo 60c per box. 40@60c per crate;
in. bulk,, $15 per ton for small and. $20@25 fpr
large. - - « .
CRA B APPLES— 35<§C0c per small and S5c@
$1 25 per large box. ,
PLUMS — 25@60c per box and lo@4Cc per bas
ket; Prunes, 40@60c per* crate and 25@5Cc per
basket.
PEACHES— SC@5Cc per box and 30@50c per
basket for early common "and 40®80c per box
and 40(S60c per basket for Crawfords. , •-- .
NECTARINES— White, 40@50c per box- Red
65cfe$l. . , .
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 40@60c per box
and 40c per basket; Bartletts, 75c@$l 25 per
box. - ¦ ¦:.-..
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for. large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 5Q,@5 per i chest. -
RASPBERRIES-$3 50@6-per chest. -
— CURRANTS-$2®5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 20c per lb.
FIGS — Black. 25@40c, per box for single and
oOffiSoc for double layers: White, 35@40c. - .
-, MELONS— Nutmegs, ?1 ¦ per crate for Yuma
and $2 uOfiZ for Indior Cantaloupes, ,$1 50@l 75
per half crate and $3 23@3 75 per large crate. !
GRAPES — Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
75c(g?l 50 per crate; Fontalnebleau, from Vaea
ville, C3CSJ1 per box. ¦ ' 1 -•¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. 30c(S$l 25; Medi
terranean Sweets. iOcra$l 23; Valencias. $1 30*?
2 50;. St. Michaels.- $t»Zl 73; Lemons, 75c$?$l 25
for common and $1 50®2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. 50c(S$l 50: Mexican Limes. $7;
Bananas. ; Pineapples. $1 50® 2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts hid Raisins.
¦ Apples show signs of being good property
this year, owing to the partial 1 failure"; of 'the
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers
and S^lOc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1(B1 25;
Goslings. $1@1 25; Ducks. $3@4 for old' and
$3@4 50 for young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters
$6@8: old Roosters, ?3 50@4; Fryers. $4 30@5-
Broilers, $3<g>4 lor large and $2@2 75 for small;
Pigeons, $1 30@l 73 per dozen for old and $1 50
@1 73 for Squabs, cS^f
GAME— Hare. $1 SO: Rabbits, $1 53 for Cot
tontail and $1 23 for Brush. ¦ ¦-••- • -
Poultry continues firm and very little stock
is seen lying around. All sound fowl sell read
ily at full figures.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 23@50c per box;
Asparagus, $1 73@2 for large. Si 2r»@l 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c@$t for No. 2; Green Peas
65c@$l 50 per sack; String Beans. l%@Jc: Cabl
bage, 40(ff50c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles, 35@40c: from Winters. 20<ft'35c; Rivers,
in large boxes. $1@1 23; Dried - Peppers, ¦ 12fi>'
18c; Dry Okra, 15<ffi20c per lb; Green Okra, £5@
40c; Carrots. 23@35c per sack; Marysville Cu~
cumbers. 40@65c per box: Winters. — ; Bay. 8">c
@1 25; Garlic, 2@3c: Green Peppers, $1@1 50 per
box for Chile and $1@1 30 for Bell; Erg Plant,
$1 23@1 50 per box; Green Corn. 6Sc@$! 23 per
sackr Bay do, $1@1 50 per crate; Summer
Squash, large boxes, 25@40c.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $l<f?l 23 in sacks
and $1@1 73 in boxes for Burbahks. 80c@$l 10
for Garnet Chiles and $1@1 25 fpr Early Rose;
Salinas Burbanks, $1 405?l 63.
ONIONS— New Red, 30@50c per sack; New
Yellow. 70«?90c.
The market is overstocked with Tomatoes
from Winters and Vacaville, but shipments
from Los Angeles are -drawing to a close.
Marysville Cucumbers are getting scarce. Oth
er Vegetables are about as before.
The feeling In Potatoes was easier yesterday
and prices were a shade lower. Onions were
about the same. ' • .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown /Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, ?2 50@3; Canary, 314®
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape 2@
2*Ac: Hemp. 3^c; Timothy,- 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 CO per ctl.
¦ BEANS— Eayos, $2 43@2 60; Small White. $4 83
@5; Large White, $3 50@3 S3; Pink, $1 40@l 60;
Red. $3 15@3 23; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas,
$6.33@6 50; Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
Beans are showing more life again, as a
shipping demand for colored ajid Blackeye has
sprung, up. All- kinds except^Pinks are get
ting slowly cleaned up. Prices show more or
less- change, as* will be seen.
Beans and Seeds.
choice bright was scarcer and a fraction higher.
Feed, 72iic for choice bright, 70@71\4c for No. 1
and 67%@6S%c for off grades ; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 7S@S2%c; Chevalier, nominal.
. : CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No Bales.' -
Second Session— No sales. .
Regular Morning Session— No sales..
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls, 68e;
2000, 6SV6c; 4030, 68%c; 2000. 68%c.
OATS— The situation iff the West doe3 not
improve. Chicago reports the country buying
Oats and Corn on a large scale. The Wash
ington authorities say that Oats suffered seri
ously by heat and drought in the Upper Mis
sissippi and Missouri valleys, buf that they
are looking well in the Dakotas, ¦ Minnesota
and the Ohio Valley. Iowa reports Oats look
ing worse every, day. \- .¦ - ...
In the local market Reds are again lower,
but the other descriptions show no change.
Trade continues dull. White, $1 33® 1 43; Sur
prise, $1 50@l 55;. Red. 97%c@$l 12H: Black. ?1 10
<gl 20 per ctl..
CORN— Hot weather is still reported in the
Western Corn belt; with no rain in sight. Ad
vices to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. say that the
country throughout the West continues to buy
Corn on a large scale. The "Washington au
thorities say that Corn has been seriously dam
aged in Kansas. Missouri. Texas and Okla
homa, but that Nebraska and Iowa have thus
far escaped. But since the above statement
was issued Iowa reports a temperature of 100
to 105 degrees, with no rain, and says that the
crop | looks worse every day. Phillips .wires
from Kansas that the crop there will turn out
a big half yield. Snow says that the condition
of the whole, crop is 85.4 per cent, against an
average of 87; which indicates a crop of 2,140,
000,000 bushels." •
. The Chicago market eased off under enor
mous realizing, of long Corn, but got firmer
again toward the close.
This market advanced 2%c all around. In
sympathy with Western conditions. Small
round Yellow, $150: Eastern Yellow, $137%;
White. $1 42%: Mixed.- $1 33 per ctl.
RYE— 72%@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 60 per ctl, ex- I
warehouse. " . ¦ .
i ',:' Flour and Millstuffs.
! FLOUR— California •• Family extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, |3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 73@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 73
@3. . . ¦-' \
i MILLSTUFFS-^Prlccs In sacks are as fol
lows, usual 'discount . to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Heal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do. $3 75; Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; ! Cracked
Wheat, ¦ ?3 50; Farina,-., ?4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $8 35@7 S5;
in sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, ?6 50 per 100 lbs.
i ; Hay and Feedstuff 's. '.
'¦ Hay ¦ was . in. -larger ¦ receipt again and the
market was quoted weak, but no lower. Feed
stuffs were firm and unchanged.
¦ BRAN-^$17 f>0@18 50. per ton.
: MIDDLINGS— $19-50(321 per ton.
j FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 50<g)17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; job
bing, $26 E0; Cocoanut Cake, $17i??18; Corn Meal,
$28@29: Cracked Corn, $28 30@29 £0; Mixed Feed
|16 50<S17 50. . - - . t
HAY — New is quotable as follows: Wheat,
$8 50@10; choice, $10 50; Wheat and Oat, $S@10;
Oat, $6<f?9; Barley and Oat, $7@S 50; Alfalfa,
$S@9 50; Clover, nominal; Volunteer, $1@7 50.
STRAW— 35@42%c per bale.
ries, 14@14V£c.' Cheese, steady, 9@10c. Eggs,
firm, 12c.
THfi SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUXJESDm: JULY 11, 19(H.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries,- 14@18%c; dai-
New York Stock Market.
SOT YORK. July 15.— With call loan rates
reaching to a lower figrure, it was nevertheless
apparent to-£ay that uneasiness over the future
o? the jr.iney market was. the principal cause
of the renewed weakness !n stocks. Anxiety
on thle point wag scir.ewhst relieved yesterday
by the indications that July disbursements
xrere beginning to come Ejain into the market.
but It vas revived to-day by the engagement
for expert of IT50.CCO In 'gold. Liquidation was
In lsr£>» volume during: the latter part of the
day and eeemed to come from all quarters.
Tlie selMr.K by commission houses reflected the
outside public's F.hare in the movement, ,The
larger jjait of the dealing* and the most
notable price movements were in the same
etocks as for several days paet, notably St.
Paul. Reck Island. Atchieon. Union Pacific.
SClssourl Pacific and Louisville, but the list
EASTERN MARKETS
8
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
Articles^- , Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels ..36.000 *• 22.000
Wheat, bushels . :259,000 293,000
Corn, bushels 306.000 \ 4G 000
Oats, bushels .147,000 . (450.0CO
Rye, bushels,.. ...'...-3,000 ¦ . ......
Barley, bushels 5,000 2,000
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July G314 63T4 63% ¦ (53%
September 61% 61% . 64H ' 64?i
December ! 60 66% ..-65% 66"%
Ccrn Mo. 2— :
July 48V4 48V4 47% 47%
September 50 - 50% 4914 ¦ 4334
December 43% 49?i 48% 49 '
Oats No. 2—
July 30% 30?i 29% 30%
September 31 31% 3f)i,i 3VA
May 33V 2 34Vs 33% 34
Mess- Pcrlc. per bb! — .... . •
July " 14 20*
September 14 00 14 42% 14 00 \14 40
I^ard, per 1C0 lbs—
July 8 57V4'1 8 62V6 8 57% 8 60
September ......... 8 C5 8 70 8 63 8 6714
October 7: 8 M\' z 8 67>£ S 62U 8 65'
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - .
July .7 95 7 35 7 D2Vi 7 92%
September 7 52^ 8 05 7 92% 8 05
October 7 90 , 8 C2% 7 90 . 8 00 ;
STIATICKS.
a 2 c o-
n s| <s .
Pc ?S ro -a
: 2 : = E. 3 S^
•a
i ?
Palermo
rentura
Hollister
"an Joce
\apa
flanford. ..'.
....1C1 Z% 3 Clear
— 71 54 .. Clear
.... U 4? .. Clear
... S2 53 N- Clear
SS S Clear
104 SS crh CIsat
.0)
.01
.ro
.on
.CD
ETXJIOXS.
¦ ¦* g '£, S O K *i
-. f'i. S.J — C
£ ? — 5~ Jr> n£ 23.
• 7S Pc 5= : -
* : 3 : 3 e 3 : ?
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocaieilo. Idah
..30.04 Cl <S STV Cloudy .00
..29.SJ 8'J 50 KW Clear .00
..Z>. 83 S4 48 STV Clear .00
..30.06 53 E2 KE Ck-ar M
..23.74 102 68 E Clear .00
..29.P4 Si 5S SW Cloudy .26
..29.79 fl! 70 K Clear .00
I.os .Vircles...
..^>.6S 51 t?E Clear .03
..29.S6 M f,S AV <-lp.->r r.:i
J.US ;i leCltTi...
I'noc-r.ix....
Portland
Il-ed Uluff
; jjsoburg
Bacranicnto....
..29.64 111 86 NTV Clear T.
..29.S4 7(5 50 Kt\ r Clear .00
..29.7C S8 €8 EE Clear .01
..iS.SG 80 4S N Clear .00
..29.78 N 5S £W Clear .0J
Fait Lake
Kan Francisco.
Ban Luis Oblsr
Ban Diego
Seattle
Spokane
Keah Bay
Walla Walla...
Wlnnemucca . . .
Vuma
70
..29.SS 64 4S SW Clear .01
i. .29. 92 SO iS X Clear .03
..29.64 72 60 NW Clear .00
..2S.S5 72 48 K\V Cloudy .00
..29.SS 78 5* S Clear .00
..29.92 5S 48 SU" Rain .12
..25.S4 M E4 SW Clear .00
. .29.74 90 50 W Clear .00
..23.70 100 82 W Clear T.
Articles^- , Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels ..36.000 *• 22.000
Wheat, bushels . :259,000 293,000
Corn, bushels 306.000 \ 4G 000
Oats, bushels .147,000 . (450.0CO
Rye, bushels,.. ...'...-3,000 ¦ . ......
Barley, bushels 5,000 2,000
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July G314 63T4 63% ¦ (53%
September 61% 61% . 64H ' 64?i
December ! 60 66% ..-65% 66"%
Ccrn Mo. 2— :
July 48V4 48V4 47% 47%
September 50 - 50% 4914 ¦ 4334
December 43% 49?i 48% 49 '
Oats No. 2—
July 30% 30?i 29% 30%
September 31 31% 3f)i,i 3VA
May 33V 2 34Vs 33% 34
Mess- Pcrlc. per bb! — .... . •
July " 14 20*
September 14 00 14 42% 14 00 \14 40
I^ard, per 1C0 lbs—
July 8 57V4'1 8 62V6 8 57% 8 60
September ......... 8 C5 8 70 8 63 8 6714
October 7: 8 M\' z 8 67>£ S 62U 8 65'
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - .
July .7 95 7 35 7 D2Vi 7 92%
September 7 52^ 8 05 7 92% 8 05
October 7 90 , 8 C2% 7 90 . 8 00 ;
STIATICKS.
a 2 c o-
n s| <s .
Pc ?S ro -a
: 2 : = E. 3 S^
•a
i ?
Palermo
rentura
Hollister
"an Joce
\apa
flanford. ..'.
....1C1 Z% 3 Clear
— 71 54 .. Clear
.... U 4? .. Clear
... S2 53 N- Clear
SS S Clear
104 SS crh CIsat
.0)
.01
.ro
.on
.CD
ETXJIOXS.
¦ ¦* g '£, S O K *i
-. f'i. S.J — C
£ ? — 5~ Jr> n£ 23.
• 7S Pc 5= : -
* : 3 : 3 e 3 : ?
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocaieilo. Idah
..30.04 Cl <S STV Cloudy .00
..29.SJ 8'J 50 KW Clear .00
..Z>. 83 S4 48 STV Clear .00
..30.06 53 E2 KE Ck-ar M
..23.74 102 68 E Clear .00
..29.P4 Si 5S SW Cloudy .26
..29.79 fl! 70 K Clear .00
I.os .Vircles...
..^>.6S 51 t?E Clear .03
..29.S6 M f,S AV <-lp.->r r.:i
J.US ;i leCltTi...
I'noc-r.ix....
Portland
Il-ed Uluff
; jjsoburg
Bacranicnto....
..29.64 111 86 NTV Clear T.
..29.S4 7(5 50 Kt\ r Clear .00
..29.7C S8 €8 EE Clear .01
..iS.SG 80 4S N Clear .00
..29.78 N 5S £W Clear .0J
Fait Lake
Kan Francisco.
Ban Luis Oblsr
Ban Diego
Seattle
Spokane
Keah Bay
Walla Walla...
Wlnnemucca . . .
Vuma
70
..29.SS 64 4S SW Clear .01
i. .29. 92 SO iS X Clear .03
..29.64 72 60 NW Clear .00
..2S.S5 72 48 K\V Cloudy .00
..29.SS 78 5* S Clear .00
..29.92 5S 48 SU" Rain .12
..25.S4 M E4 SW Clear .00
. .29.74 90 50 W Clear .00
..23.70 100 82 W Clear T.
AUCTION SALES
&G8E.4T SPEED SALE^
THIS DAY
THURSDAY - - July 11
At 11 a. m..
50 TROTTERS, PACERS,
CARRIAGE and SADDLE
HORSES
Will be sold at auction at the
OCCIDENTAL. HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. near Third. S. F.
ICT This is the finest lot of young. & and f °™*;
well-bred and well-trained standard horses ever
sent from the celebrated OAKWOOD PAR-h.
STOCK FARM. Danville. Cal. (John F. B°i°'
Proprietor), and are by such famous stes as
Steinway 2:23%. Chas. Derby 2:20. El Benton
2:23. Don L 2:2S%. etc. Any one in need or a
flrst-clasa. gentle horse for business or P^<w-
ure. a stylish carriage horse, a well-reinea san-
dier or a standard-bred stallion or mare 3 h ° u * a
attend this sale. For form, size, style. D' ee ";
Insr. color, disposition, training or s Pf ed ./I 0
better has heretofore been offered in this cuy.
Catalogues ready. Horses at salesyard.
WM G. LA.YNG. Livestock Auctioneer.Ten days' intimate acquaintance with
poverty will satisfy any man for the rest
of his natural life. . ' .
NEW RAILROAD OFFICERS
ASSUME THEIR DUTIES
ntzhugh and Herbert Get Into Har
ness and Settle Down to
Hard Work.
The two new appointees of the South
ern Pacific Company took charge of th«ir
offices yesterday, and spent most of the
business hours receiving callers and get
ting their work into shape.
E. H. Fitzhugh has taken the place
formerly occupied by H. E. Huntingdon.
He said he was not long enough in the
office to make any definite statement of
his plarts yesterday, nor would he defi
nitely define the limits of his duties and
authority. That he will soon make him
self felt in the company is certain, for
from all appearances he will be the pro
noun of the president and will act in his
name In a great many ways that call for
high authority and discretion.
J. M. Herbert installed himself In Mr.
Flllmore's rooms yesterday morning and
immediately dug into the routine of the
office. He will spend a few days in get
ting himself into the swing of the busi
ness, and then will commence the sys
tematic touring of the divisions, nor will
he stop until he has traveled over every
bit of track the company possesses. He
will start on this tour probably next Mon
day, and will take it in sections, return
ing to San Francisco at the end of the
week, whenever possible.
Mr. Herbert said • yesterday that he
found the system and methods of his new
office practically similar to the routines
of other roads, and as he has served as
manager of several railroad properties he
finds himself fitting into the new placo
easily and without delay.
DYEB RENAULT TAKES
DOSE OF CARBOLIC ACID
Suffering- From an Incurable Disease,
He Puts an End to His
Existence, i ,
Louis J. Renault, a dyer, doing business
at 330% Tenth street, committed suicide
yesterday by taking carbolic acid.
[ He was found dead In his room by his
! daughter, Mathilde. Renault was 61
! years old and a native of France. He
had been suffering for c long time with
valvular disease of the heart and lately
had ben very despondent and erratic In
his actions.
Evidence at the Inquest yesterday
showed that Renault had been practical
ly insane and irresponsible for several
months past.
The jury brought In a verdict that he
had ¦ committed suicide while temporarily
Insane. , . ¦ , , -
At 10 o'clock an alarm was sent Jn from
the same box, 39, and the firemen had to
renew their work. It appears that a piece
of oakum lodged in the rafters and a
spark from the original fire ignited the
inflammable stuff. The chemical engine
extinguished the blaze in quick time. The
damage to the building and contents is
said to amount to about $3000.
A fire broke out in the building .used as
a storehouse by the Pacific Refining and
Roofinf Company and the Guadalupe As
phalt Company, at Sixteenth and Missis
sippi -streets, last night and caused a loss
of $1000. A second alarm was sounded, but
the department got the fire under control
before it had gained much headway. A
nearby shed, in ¦¦which was stored a large,
amount of pitch and other inflammable
material, was paved by the prompt action
of the firemen. • ¦
Spontaneous combustion caused a lively
blaze in the shipwright shop of George G.
Rundle at 209 Steuart street at 5 o'clock
last night. The oakum and tarred ropes
stored in the place, made excellent fuel
for the fire and the department had a
hard task subduing the flames. The
building was badly burned and the loss to
Mr. Rundle te said to have been con
siderable. C. E. Boudrou. who kept a
junk shop in the same building, suffered
slight damage. The families of Mrs;
Teamer and Mrs. Williams, who occupied
the upstairs portion of the house, suffered
considerable loss.
Fire on Steuart Street.
Sis Home.
Cornelius Jurey. formerly a member of
Company I, First California Volunteers,
died at his home, 1508 Bryant avenue,
Tuesday. He will be buried in Calvary
Cemetery to-morrow morning.
Jurey was but 23 years of age and was
a most popular young man. He served
with Captain Richter's company during
all the engagements participated in by the
California regiment. He -was presented
with a testimonial and medal by the
colonel of the First for conspicuous gal
lantry at San Pedro Macati. In the face
of a heavy fire he crossed a field and re
covered a great deal of ammunition which
his regiment was compelled to leave be
hind.
DEATH CLAIMS CORNELIUS
JTTREY, HERO OF MANILA
Former Member of Company I,' First
California Volunteers, Dies at
Lunette, "the maid of the air," and a
"ladies'" high-kicking contest are the
special attractions at the Chutes and Zoo.
The "amateurs" will give their usual
funny performance.
The Orpheum has Its usual galaxy of
vaudeville stars this week. Arras and
•Alice. Gilbert and Goldie, Irving Jones.
Clayton White and Marie Stuart; Prosper
troupe, Bimm, Bomm, Brrr: La Moyne
brothers, the biograph, Emllv Lytton and
Charles Bowser and company are among
the good names of the combination. The
biograph. pictures are especially interest
ing this week. \
Charity Martin, Slg. G. S. Wanrell.
Oliver Carson. Al Hazard. Viola "Vignette.
Wren and Lynton. Kelcey sisters and
Wilson and Black are at Fischer's Con
cert-house. The music of the week is
more than usually good.
"Tho Babes In the. Wood," the mld
summer night's dream at the Tivoli,
grows in grace nightly. Almost every
evening new songs are introduced and
the unexpected in the matter of jokes al
ways happens where Ferris Hartman has
anything to do with tho machinery. The
transformation scene pleases child and
"grown-up" alike, and Edward Webb and
Annie Myers are the dearest infants that
ever wicked uncle had designs upon. "The
Babes" will probably run for the month.
Roberts as Lady Teazle and White Whit
tlesey as Charles Surface, Is pleasing Al
cazar patrons this week. Next week the
very popular bill of Miss Roberts' season
of last year, "The Country Girl," will be
revived. In the old Wycherley comedy
Miss Roberts finds one of her happiest op
portunities. As the innocent hoyden,
Peggy, she pleases perhaps more easily
than in any other of her roles and the
play is suro to be gratefully . received.
Tho management will spread itself upon
the comedy, new scenery, costumes and
settings being promised.
"My conduct of the office was. perfectly
open and above board. The Investments
were good and legitimate and all will turn
out well. ¦
CHICAGO, July 10.— John A. Hin3ey,
former president of the board of control
of the endowment rank of the Knights cf
Pythias, appeare'd before the Supreme
Lodge to-day and admitted the report
submitted yesterday, to be. true." The re
port shows that the affairs of the endow
ment rank under Hinsey's management
drifted into a practical insolvency. Of
$500,000 invested under Hinsey's direction,
nearly two-thirds went into enterprises
which rendered them unavailable to pay,
death claims. Other funds went into
channels for which there, is no account
ing.
The former president of the Board of
Control declared that he had done his
best to keep the treasury of the endow
ment rank in a sound condition, but the
death ¦ claims had mounted up, invest
ments had turned out failures and it had
been necessary to overdraw the rank's
account at the bank..' , ' .
The report which was compiled by the
present Board of Control, excepting Hin
sey and the Insurance Commissioners of
Illinois and Connecticut, does not charge
Hlnsey and others with » misusing the
funds, but simply states that they were
misused. To reporters Hinsey. said: .
GIVES REASONS
FOR BANKRUPTCY
THE dramatic bill of fare is a good
one this week, Blanche Bates at
the Columbia, "Secret Service,"
excellently given at the Grand
Opera-house; "The School for
Scandal" at the Alcazar, "Held by the
Enemy" at the Central. "The Babes In
the Wood" at the Tivoli.
"Under Two Flags" continues to crowu
the Columbia Theater. The third week
is still seeing crowded houses and the. de
mand for the fourth week of the run is
most satisfactory. There will be a
souvenir matinee on Saturday next, at
which all of those attending will be given
a personal souvenir of Miss Bates. The
production is all around one of the most
complete ever seen here. Chauncey Ol
cott In the new Irish play, "Garrett
O'Magh," comes next. Mr. Olcott's com
pany, which arrives to-day from the East,
is the second of the season to begin Its
tour of the provinces In San Francisco.
The company and settings of the play
will be identical with those of the New
York production.
• * »
"Secret Service," at the Grand Opera
house, is creating something of a sensa
tion this week. The Frawley company
has found a most fortunate medium In
the stirring Gillette play, every character
in It being filled most satisfactorily.
Frawley plays Captain Thome to admira
tion and Mary Van Buren, E. J. Morgan
and Lillian Pearl Landers are all cast to
best advantage. It is one, of the best
things we have seen here.
• * *
The. other Gillette play of the week,
"Held by the Enemy," is being very
creditably giver, at the Central Theater.
James M. Brophy as Colonel Prescott has
gathered in new laurels and Juliet Cros
by is a surprisingly good Rachael. Next
¦week a spectacular revival of "Michael
Strogoff" will be put on, with an Amazon
march and other picturesque features.
• * *
"Thft School for Scandal," with Barton
Hill as Sir Peter Teazle, Miss Florence
riGTJBES SHOW SMALL
DELINQUENCY IN TAXES
Auditor Wells Completes His Annual
Settlement With the Tax
Collector.
Auditor Wells yesterday completed the
statement showing the amount of taxes
delinquent, together with the penalties. In
the annual settlement with the Tax Col
lector the following figures have been
compiled:
Taxes. Penalties.
Delinquent tax on unse
xured personal property.! 76,379 62 $ 15,275 91
Delinquent tax on secured
personal property 45,552 63 9,110 83
Delinquent tax on first
installment real estate.. 17,617 87 3,520 11
Delinquent tax on second
installment real estate.. 20,336 36 1,015 &S
Totals $159.886 50 $28,922 41
159, 8S6 50
Total delinquency »l?8,S08 91
Against the above total delinquency
there are deductions on property as
sessed to the State, viz.: Regents of
the. University of California, Deaf.
Dumb and Blind Asylum and city and
county of San Francisco, and which
«ro non-taxable to the amount of.... $11,727 24
(The penalties on which amount to
$1,465 56.>
In the above delinquency is included
National Bank stock, which has been
enjoined by the courts, th«> tax on
which amounts to $33,958 7S, and fran
chises, etc., also enjoined, amounting
to $29,617 36, or a total uncollectabl*.. 7S.2S3 3?
Leavlns 'a net total delinquency In
taxes of $84,803 12
Considering the amount of taxes en
joined, or canceled and withdrawn from
sale by the Board of Supervisors and also
non-taxable property, the delinquency is
the lowest recorded for several years. .
LUNATIC TRIES
TO KIDNAP GIRL
Twice Invades a Young
Lady's Home in
Redlands.
Foiled in His Undertaking
by Her Mother's Presence
of Mind.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 10.-N. TT.
Lamb, 30 years of age, occupies a padded
ceWat the County Hospital, where he was
placed this morning pending an examina
tion" by Superior Judge Campbell on an
insanity charge. Lamb created a sen
sation yesterday afternoon at Redlands,
where he suddenly became a raving
maniac. His misfortune is due, it is. said,
to the excessive use of cigarettes.
¦ Lamb at 4 o'clock yesterday entered
the home of Mrs. Sarah Watson, 3OSV3
Orange street, and informed .that lady
that for some time he had been in love
with her pretty 19-year-old daughter,
Miss Mabel .Watson, and was now ready
to take her to Boston, where she would
be provided for In a luxurious manner.
The madman was determined in his
¦wishes and made a thorough search of the
premises. Mrs. Watson was thoroughly
frightened, but s«ceede\ In hiding Misa
Watson in the dining-room. Failing to
find her, Lamb left the place.
The maniac returned an hour later,
more determined than ever to take Miss
Watson. This time, by a clever ruse,
Mrs. Watson got the stranger out on the
street and. h© disappeared. The police
were notified and after hunting several
hours for Lamb they abandoned further
search.
At 11 o'clock last night Lamb appeared
on a bicycle at a cigar store. He imme
diately took possession, and, after filling
his pockets with cigars and cigarettes,
opened several boxes and passed them
among the bystanders. Owing to his
threatening, attitude no one ventured to
arrest him. His next escapade was at
the Casa Loma Hotel, where he tried to
abduct a waitress. At midnight the
police succeeded in placing him in jail.
Lamb is a carpenter and has been a
resident of Redlands but three months.
No one knows whence he came.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
There was a very quiet little wedding
at the cathedral yesterday at noon, when
Miss Isabelle Louise McDonald and Frank
S. Drady were married. The" B-ev. Father
C. E. Kennedy of St. Paul's officiated.
Only the immediate relatives of the con
tracting parties 'were present, no invita
tions having been issued for the ceremony
owing to the recent death of the bride's
brother. • /'-\ .
Miss May Conway of Los Angeles at
tended the bride as maid of honor and
Will Moore was best man. The bride wora
a traveling gown of gray broadcloth, -with,
hat to match. After the ceremony Mr.
and Mrs. Drady left immediately for th<5
south, where they will spend the honey
moon.
Mr. Drady is well known and popular.
He is second lieutenant o{ the Eighth
California Volunteers and captain of com
pany A. League of the Cross Cadets. Hi3
bride is the daughter of P. McDonald.
The bride wore an elegant gown of Ivory
white satin elaborately trimmed with lace.
A veil and orange blossoms lent the fin
ishing touches to the elegant costume.
Miss Bowman, the bridesmaid, wore a
dainty gown of white organdie over whit*
silk. '
The Rev. Bradford Leavltt of the First
Unitarian Church was the officiating
clergyman. About 150 Invited guests wit
nessed the ceremony. The home was at
tractively decorated for the happy occa
sion, pink and green being the prevailing
colors. . -.- ¦-'.¦-.
The bride was attended by. Miss Agnes
Bowman, who officiated as maid of honor.
Dr. Ferguson of the University of Cali
fornia was best man.
Miss Evelyn Louise Sheppard and Dr.
PercLval Lewis, professor of physics. TJni«
versity of California, were married last
evening at the home of the bride's pa
rents, Mr. and Mrs. Eli T. Sheppard, 1621
Taylor street.
NEW TORK, July 10.— The following
Californians have arrived; San Francisco
— M. Ansbro at the Imperial. FV Brooks at
the Holland. W. D. Connelly at the Astor.
W. D. Forbes at the Gilsey.C. B. New
man at the Herald Square. Miss R. Thay
er at the Marlborough, C. S. Toung at the
Imperial. E. Dreyfuss at the Cadillac, Tv
"W. Brooks at the .Manhattan. K. Dollar at
the Astor, Mrs. G. Jewell and Mis3 C. G.
Jewell at the Imperial.
Los Angeles— A. Hart at the Imperial,
H. E. Long at the St. Denis.
Californians in New York.
Chief of Police Sullivan left for Sonoma
County yesterday morning- to join his*
family. He will spend some time with,
them. Captain Seymour will assume the
reins of government during Chief Sulli-»
van's absence.
Robert W. Wilcox. representative In
Congress from the Territory of Hawaii,
registered at the Occidental yesterday
from Washington. He is on his way back;
to the inlands from the last session of the
House.
P. H. Cochrane arrived yesterday from
Mexico with the remains of Edwin !u At
water, who was a brother-in-law of James
W. Cochrane of San Rafael and died in
Guadalajara, Mexico.
The Rev. Charles R. Hyde of Fort
Worth, Tex., !s at the Occidental. He 13
accompanied by his family. • .
W. B. Hanna, a planter from the island
of Iloilo. of the Philippine group, is reg
istered at the Occidental.
W. W. Chapin, a Sacramento merchant,
is at the Palace.
S. M. Kohr, an attorney of Santa Rosa,
is at the Grand.
"W. H. Nichols, a rancher of Courtland»
is at the Grand.
B. Campbell, .a railroad man of Port-.
land, is at the Palace.
O. W. Hazard of Des Moinea is at the
Occidental.
II. P. Stabler, a fruit man of Tuba, !s
at the Lick. - - - ¦
A. L. Sayres of Fresno la at the Lick.
T. D. Ryan of Sacramento is at the
Lick. .'¦...
PERSONAL.
New Salmon Hatchery.
TEHAMA, July 10,-The Government
has established a salmon hatchery about
two miles east of here on Mill Creek, and
the necessary buildings are now being
erected.
PURE FOOD ACT
A DEAD LETTER
Former Senator Withing
ton Says It Is Now .
Worthless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. July 10.— The. Union to
morrow, will print an interview with D. L.
Withlngton, former State Senator from
this district; who, in the 1895 term of the
State Legislature, fathered the bill which
is and has been known as the pure food
bill and which the Senator •declares was
knocked out by the adoption of the report
of the Code Commissioners— A. C. Free
man, W. C. Van . Fleet and George J.
Denis — which has been incorporated in the
laws of 1901 and which became of effect
and in force the first of this month.
The pure food law approved by Gover
nor Budd on March 2S. provides In its first
section: "No person shall, within this
State, manufacture for sale", offer for sale
or sell any drug or article of food which
is adulterated within the meaning of this
act." Another and separate section of the
law fixes punishment, together with
added penalties. There was, moreover, a
provision in the old law that the provis
ions of the act should not apply "to mix
tures or compounds recognized as ordi
nary articles or ingredients of articles of
food, if each and every package sold or
offered for sale is distinctly labeled as
.mixtures or compounds, with the name
and per cent of each ingredient therein,
and are not injurious to health."
The new law of the Code Commission,
according to the Senator, Is so carefully
hedged around with phrases which almost
preclude a conviction under it, that there
is no chance, of ever getting a conviction.
The new law Is section 3S3 of the code
and provides that "every person who
knowingly sells, or keeps, or offers for
sale (the manufacturing is entirely left
out) or otherwise disposes of any article
of food, drink, drug or medicine, knowing
(the first "knowingly" seemed not enough
to protect the breaker of the law) that the
same is adulterated or has been tainted,
decayed or otherwise unwholesome or unfit
to-be eaten or druntf, with intent to per
mit the same to be eaten or drunk, is
guilty, etc."
"The commissioners," says the father,
of the bill, "seem not satisfied with pro
tecting the man who breaks the law once,
but they, have to do it three or four
times over. The District Attorney has
to prove knowledge on the part of the
offender twice, but he must prove an in
tent also. He must prove that the fellow
knows he' has it, that he knows that it is
adulterated and that he intends that \t
shall : 'be eaten, three strong protections
for*tlie offender. Not only that, but the
section; .providing that the adulterated
food,s which are not Injurious shall be
labeled is entirely stricken from the law
and the act of 1S95 has been so disfigured
that it is of no effect whatever. A con
viction under it is utterly impossible, and
that which the people of the Bast would
have been willing to pay at least $50,000 to
have done has been done by the Code
Commissioners without any one who was
interested in the first measure knowing
it."
W. C. Miller Attempts to Strangle
INSANE PRISONER TEIES
TO KILL HIS CELLMATE
William Bauer in the City-
Prison.
W. C. Miller, who is under sentence of
six months for carrying a concealed
weapon, became Insane in the" City Prison
last night and started to strangle William
Bauer, his cellmate. The latter's screams
attracted • the attention of Corporal
Heggerty and Turnkeys Mahoney
and Murphy. Rushing to the cell they
seized Miller Just in time to prevent him
from making Bauer a subject for the
Coroner. As it was evident that the fel
low is deranged he was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital and locked up in the de
tention ward. . . i
FENCING OF THE BANGE •
THE IMPORTANT QUESTION
DENVER, July 10.— The most Important
business transacted by the board of di
rectors of the American Cattle Growers'
Association at its meeting in this city,
which ended to-day, was to pass a reso
lution recommending that the next con
vention . eliminate f roin the constitution
the assessment feature of raiding money
to , defray extraordinary expenses of the
association, which has proved unpopular.
• The board is working to preserve a
status quo on. the range fencing question
until. the next Congress meets and it is
seen ,what that body will do on the leas
ing question. . President Lusk will appoint
a committee to draft a leasing bill. The
board will meet in this city again on the
first -Monday in November., . ; •¦¦-.- .
! The estimates made by the Board of
Public Works for improvements to the
! Fremont and Buena Vista School build
! ings subjected that body to criticism at a
meeting of the Board of Education yesr
terday. The first named board sent in a
communication that the lowest bid for the
: Fremont- School was $12,755, for the'Fre^
mont Primary $1340 and for the Buena
Vista $15,2?5. These figures were consid
erably above the estimates made by the
J Board of Works' engineers and the bids
were recommended for rejection. Since
they are not within the estimates, the
bills could not be legally paid.
j Superintendent Webster took a fling at
the Board of Works, which he said had
I certainly erred In Its figures, and he could
not understand why its estimates had
failed. Webster joined in the recommen
: dation for rejection of the bids.
i As a result of the error in estimates
: the board will be compelled to rent out
: side Quarters for the accommodation of
pupils in the district where the schools
named are located, as the improvements
may have to 'be made while school is in
session.
Silas White, principal of the Spring Val
ley School, asked to be placed on the re
tired list and his application was referred
I to the Rctirement*"Committee.
j The registration of Emma F. Liebold, a
I teacher in the Hancock Grammar School,
was accepted.
A. H. McDonald, principal of the Lin
coln School, recalled his resignation and
if the board agrees he will retain his posi
tion.
Director Denman opposed the applica
tion of Miss Susan Kingsbury, sister of
Deputy Superintendent Kingsbury, for
one year's leave of absence on the ground
that no teacher should get a year's leave
unless she has been in the department
for ten years. The application was
granted.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
Ruth G. Campbell. Miss L. C. McNear and
Charles L,. Turner, each for six months.
Compels Renting of Out
side Rooms for Two
Schools.
BOARD OF W ORKS
MAKES ERRORS
The large glass factories and potteries
of New Tork have been victimized to the
extant of about flGOO and several large
fake orders have been given them by an
unknown swindler who has been posing
as F. W. Dohrmann, the well known local
merchant. The swindler's methods have
been simple and easy. His mode of pro
cedure has been to visit the large fac
tories, inquire as to the orders on file
from the Sen Francisco house of which
he was posing as the head, discuss the
business knowingly, augment or vary the
order and incidentally make a borrow of
from $100 to $300. A draft for $300 on an
Eastern bank, bearing the. forged name
of F. W. Dohrmann, made telegrams of in
quiry fly back and forth from the East
ern metropolis to this citj^ and- resulted
in the case being placed in the hands of
the New York police.
Mr. Dohrmann has absolutely no clew
as to who the man can be who appears to
be eo thoroughly conversant with the
business of his firm and the crockery
business In general. No man has been
discharged for the past two years from his
house, and this fact coupled with the in
telligence that the fictitious Dohrmann ap
pears to possess about the intimate busi
ness of the firm makes the case very mys
tifying. Considerable correspondence has
passed between Mr. Dohrmann and the
Eastern firms, who have been swindled,
and this correspondence contains much
interesting matter. One firm complains
of a $2000 order which the glib impostor
gave while he borrowed $300, and
another firm writes pathetically of a car
load of goods shipped at "Mr. Dohr
mann's" order, and which the firm man
aged to stop at Columbus. Ohio.
The description of the swindler which
the Eastern manufacturers have sent out
hero is as follows: "Five feet nine inches
in height, and weighing probably 150
pounds. Dark complexion, black mustache
and hair slightly tinged with gray. Good
teeth and dark eyes. Good appearance,
pleasing address and thoroughly posted
on business affairs of the firm of Nathan,
Dohrmann & Co. Also knows all about
the trade and jobbing and retail prices."
Eastern Potteries Fall
Easy Victims to His
Pen. ":¦¦
Poses as F. W. Dohrmann and
Gives Fictitious Orders
for Goods.
CLEVER FORGER
SECURES COIN
Frank had a petty quarrel to-day with
Mr. Einstein in the orchard, over ranch
details. Returning to tne house he wrote
a note mentioning the trouble and con
cluded with the sentence: "All is over;
I have done it." When Einstein reached
the house he found Frank dying. Ein
stein rushed out to where the workmen
were engaged and asked some one to go
for medical aid. When they arrived at
the house, however, Frank was dead.
Emanuel Frank retired from business in
this city in 1883. He was at one tlmo a
partner in the wholesale liquor house r-f
Braeg & Frank, doing business on Cali
fornia street. Later the firm name was
changed to Frank. Dallem & Co., and still
later to Gilman, Walker & Co. Mr. Frank
twas about 63 years of age.
FALLBROOK. July 10.— Emanuel M.
Frank, part owner and manager of the
fine Red Mountain ranch four miles east
of here, committed suicide at 10:30 o'clock
this morning: by taking poison.
Frank, was a German Jew, about 60
years of age, and was formerly a who'e
sale liquor dealer of San Francisco. For
the past three years he had lived at the
ranch with his partner and second cou
sin, Jacob E. Einstein, <iiso of San Fran
cisco. - The ranch has lately been involved
in much litigation. This, in connection
with other private business troubles,'wor
ried Frank. To add to his despondency
he recently became afflicted by a car
buncle on the neck, which ho believed
was a cancer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Emanuel Frank 1 Takes
Poison on a Fall
brook Ranch.
Former San Francisco Liquor
Dealer Gives Way Under,
Business Troubles.
SUICIDE FOLLOWS
PETTY QUARREL
The fire burned for four hours and was
finally extinguished by the local fire de
partment which was called to the scene.
The works are located quite a distance
from the city. The hot blast was stopped
by the breaking of the belt which con
nected it with the machinery. This caused
the gas from the furnace to rush back
into the large pipes, which were exploded
"EL PASO. Tex.. July 10. -An explosion
occurred in the engine-room of the Kan
sas City Consolidated Smelter Company
to-day, which set fire to the building,
causing a loss of $250,000. Thirteen men
employed at the works were injured one
fatally.
Gas in Furnace of a Smelter
Company Causes a
Disaster.
EXPLOSION INJURES
THIRTEEN WORKMEN
"I could tell you of a score of instances
where he has acted criminally. He Inher
it?*! $5000 from an v.ncle some years ago
and started to live properly. He bought
a house for up at 216 Waller street a:id
fiited it with nice furniture. He also
nought a horse and buggy and we lived
happily for a white. He soon began to
rrpuir.e his old habits and began to mort
gage th.e house, furniture and even the
personal property for the purpose of get
ting money to squander on the Howe3
woman and other women. He has been
going with the Howes woman, who is
wanted by the police, for the last three
years. He brought home a number of
letters one time and left open his desk.
End I read them. I may have done wrong,
but I kept a number of these tender mis
sives and will use them in securing a di
vorce. Attorney Davis has drawn up my
papers and I will soon ser.d them to Reno
end have them served on him."
"Net more than a year ago he posed as
a single man and won the affections of a
Madam Beohnke.. a fortune teller, who
lives ai 410 Twenty-ninth street. When
this woman learned that he was a mar
ried man she came to mv house and
waited until 10:30 p. m . for him to come
home, and then there was a scene in our
parlor. She charged hint with his perfidy
and demanded back the $40 she had given
him for current expenses. He also de
frauded a Mrs. Gosling, who li\*es on the
corner of Central avenue and California
street, and was compelled to sell some of
ihe mortgaged furniture to prevent this
lady from having- him arrested for fraud.
Wins Susceptible Hearts.
"He has been going through the State
deluding: people into the belief that he
has mining property in Nevada and se
curing money from them. Scores of peo
ple have been victimized by him, and if
he ever returned to this city I am t^ure
the police would take him into custody.
He has had narrow escapes from arrest
for swindling people.
"If it was not my Intention to secure
a separation from this man." she said. "I
would not discuss his perfidy. He has
treated me cruelly. He has left me desti
tute and blind and is now running around
the country with a woman he claims to be
his wife. My children and myself are in
poor circumstances. He has mortgaged
every bit of furniture we possessed and
has squandered the money on this Hcwes
woman and others? of her kind. Even
now he is ¦with her in Reno, Nevada, and
I have a letter from a hotel man in which
he states that they stayed at his hotel as
man and wife.
Mrs. Reed is now living at 2076 Market
Etreet- She Is blind and has two children.
Her neighbors say this poor woman lost
her sight sewing to support her young
ones and herself. .Mrs. Reed was reluc
tant to make known to the world her mis
ery.
looses Her Sight Sewing.
According to Mrs. Reed, her husband has
been a. companion of the Howes woman
tor the last three years. She eays they
have been staying at various hotels, reg
istering as man and wife. Other people
say that Reed has In the course of a
year secured sums from George W.
Elder. Flinn & Treacy. George McGinn,
Mrs. "William Hamilton, Frank Fairchild
end a score of others, by duping them
into the belief that he had mining prop
erty in Nevada. He is charged with hav
ing secured money from and blighted the
affections of a fortune teller by promis
ing to take her to Reno and marry her.
All this and more is charged lo Reed by
his wife and neighbors.
If credence can b« placed In the otate
ments of his blind wife, who was for
saken by this man, and others. Reed la
cerulnly a bad man. He Is charged with
obtaining money by false pretenses, de
sertion and a. few other offenses not tol
erated in polite society. He is accused by
the woman he has left destitute of hav
ing violated his marriage vows and of
having 1 left her in her affliction, unpro
tected and alone.
Captain Seymour and his detectives art
on the lookout for Miss Maud C Howes,
the woman for whose arrest a warrant
¦was sworn to a. few days ago by E. J.
Crawford, a Deputy Sheriff in San Jose,
who says he was bunkoed out' of $1000 by
her. In his complaint Crawford stated
that the woman had been introduced to
him by E.C Reed, and when the Police
Department learns the character of
Reed it trill probably make an effort to
bring him aad Miss Howes to this city
for triaL
Deluded Woman Charges Her
Husband With Many
Offenses.
LEAVES A BLIND
WIFE DESTITUTE
K a Eeed Treats Family
"With Exceeding
Cruelty.
Deuel jumped. He came out less harmed
than the horrified spectators believed ho
would. His - whole body was badly
bruised and scratched, but he was not
seriously injured. His clothing was nearly
torn from him. He had hardly' more than
alighted before the wagon shot' off the
road and down the mountain side, to the<
complete demolition of itself and it3 load
of provisions. » . '
Cyrus Sherman, a teamster, found his
horses unable to pull any farther up the.
steep grade on the road and blocked the
wagon there, * detached his horses and
went back to Seiger station, distant a
mile and a half, to obtain other animal?.
The big wagon was at a point in th« road
where it could not be passed by tho mail
stage, which came along soon afterward.
Driver Deuel and the passengers decided
to run the clumsy vehicle back to a point
where the road was wider, to allow the
stage to pass. Deuel mounted the lofty
seat to manipulate the brake, and the
passengers were to operate the pole.
The wagon had moved only a few feet
when the brake blocks flew out and it
started down hill. It gained speed with,
every revolution of the wheels. Deuel
was in a serious position, the precipitous
mountain sides offering little inducement
to jump, yet the winding road gave prom
ise of losing the runaway wagon every
second.
REBDIXG, July 10.— J. W. Deuel Bad *
thrilling ride to-day down the mountain.
grade on the Redding and Copper City
road In what might be called a horseless
carriage. He was on the high seat of a
big freight .wagon that was heavily laden
and of Its own volition was teaming down
the mountain road.
the Grade.
Dashes Down Mountain
Side on Horseless
"Wagon.
Leaps for Life and Escapes
Just as Vehicle Leaves
STAGE DRIVER'S
THRILLING RIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1901.
Good Plays Well Acted at Various Theaters.
Usual Galaxy of Stars at Orpheum.
WEEK'S DRAMATIC BILL
IS OF SUPERIOR QUALITY
WEARY * OF I LIFE.— Mrs. Lottie Smith at
tempted , to commit suicide in her home at 828
Howard street yesterday by swallowing a large
dose or | sulphonal. - She " was discovered soon
afterward and taken to the Emergency Hospi
tal for treatment. ; Her husband is* at present
absent from the city, being employed as a cook
in a Santa Cruz hotel. Overindulgence in liquor
is assigned as the cause of her making the
attempt on her life. :,-. v.
TACOMA, July 10.— Miles Corcoran, the
3-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. William F.
Corcoran of.Tekoa, was the victim: of a
horrible yet peculiar accident yesterday.
While putting up a shelf Mrs. , Corcoran
let the board fall on: .the baby's head,
driving a projecting nail through his
skull to a depth of two inches. Death
soon resulted. :. ; ¦ ..«¦;¦ .; <• -?\ ; ::¦:,¦ ¦¦: f
Drives Wail Into Babe's Skull.
SANTA FB, N. Mex., July 10.— There
was almost a riot during the funerals of
Harry Daley and Albino Arias, who were
killed in a duel over a dollar yesterday
morning in the bar of the Oxford Hotel.
The funerals were held within an hour of
each other in the same church, and both
men were burled in Rosario Cemetery.
The duel has stirred up a great deal of
feeling between the Mexican and white
residents of the town. When the long
train of mourners following Arias' body
arrived In the cemetery Daley's grave had
just been closed. Fearing some demon
stration, Daley's friends remained)
grouped about the - fresh mound while
Arias was buried. Hardly was the Mexi
can's body underground when a crowd of
the mourners, inflamed with rage, dashed
toward the party "about Daley's grave,
threatening to dig up Daley's body. .They
tried to. hustle the little group of Ameri
cans away, apparently meaning to carry
out their. threats.
"Drag the corpse of the American pig
through the streets," was their cry.
• Daley's friends rallied and rushed the
Mexicans back. .Peace officers who were
present and officials of the cemetery per
suaded Arias' followers to depart. Fear
ing that the Mexicans may return and try
to disinter the body, Daley's friends have
posted-a guard at his grave. <
The Jact that the revolver with which
Arias is supposed to have shot Daley can
not be " found has given rise . to the sus
picion that a third man shot Daley. . -,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEN BATTLE
AT THE GRAVE
Drowned in Redwood Creek.
REDWOOD CITY, July 10.— Six-year-old
Walter Barger fell from a boat Into Red
wood Creek last evening and was
drowned. Walter and his sister, a couple
of years older, where playing about some
small sailboats, which were tied to the
wharf. The little girl got tired /and
started home. She had been gone but a
few minutes when she returned and in
quired of some men for her brother. The
latter was nowhere to be seen, but his
hat was on one of the boats, and the men
feared he had fallen in. With a boat
hook they dragged the creek and brought
the body. to the surface.
9
THEATRICAL STARS WHO WILL
BE SEEN HERE IN POPULAR
PLAYS NEXT WEEK.
GKAFE-NTTTS.
« YOU CAN FEEL §
1 10% Cooler!
g THAN THE g
g THERMOMETER §
§ By Using «
** Proper Food. 0,
i<3RAPE=NUTSl
§ Supply It. §
HOT WEATHER MEALS AND PER-
SONAL COMFORT.
Fruit of some kind should be used at
the breakfast during hot weather. Fol-
low this with a dish of four heaping
teaspoonfuls of Grape-Kuts, cold, and
treated with rich, cold cream. This dish
gives the staying qualities necessary.
Add a slice or two of entire wheat bread,
with a very little butter. Use no meat
for the hot weather breakfast. Let
meat appear but once a day during this
season of the year.
A little care In the selection of food
will help one through the heat of the day
in & way that will not easily be forgotten.
¦ ;-, 7NEW. ADVERTISEMENTS. •
UNNA DEFINES A CAUSE.
European Skin Specialist Says Dand-
ruff Is Caused by Parasites. -K-
Upon ' that . theory, proved beyond a
doubt, a cure for dandruff was sought aft-
er^ Scientists, chemists, druggists and
physicians all "took a hand," and the
successful issue 'is the present product
known as "Newbro's Herpiclde." '
This remedy actually kills the parasites
that Infest . the hair bulb, does its work
most effectively and contains not an atom
of ' substance injurious to anything else
than 'the germ alone. Herpicide causes
the -¦ hair; to grow, as ; nature intended it
should— soft and abundant. .
Butter per square 31c
Fancy Creamery, leading- brands;
regular size. The best money can
buy. - . . \
Eagle Milk per tin 13c
Gail Borden.
Pork and Beans 3 tins 25c
Kunefs Colorado beans in to-
mato sauce. A delicacy for a
quick lunch. - - * .
I Shrimps V 3 tins 25^
>< Baratara brand : pickled or dry,
?> Excellent for salads.
I Hunter Baltimore Rye * : -y
\ 95c bottle" \
>> " Bottled ¦ by -"William Lanahan & J ¦
IX , Sons, Baltimore. Reg. $1.25. <
| Rainier Beer per case Si.oo* i
« Bottled by John . Rapp & Son. . '¦' \
» American Club Whiskey ¦¦] :.'•
| per galon $1:85 <
z< Hand-made sour mash; »lx years J '.'
» - old.. - : • . • ;
I Belmont Whiskey 85c bot; j ;
<> Old fashion sour mash, 1SD0: bot- <
ft -tied at distillery. Reg.^ $1.25. V j ;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1901.
10
JONES &. CO., reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
BEATING, 3c; laying, 3c; renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; teL South 40.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
659 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
ISil Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m-
1056 Valencia Etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
2200 Fillmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
SAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
WANTED— First-class stenographer; must be
a good speller and quick at the typewriter;
state experience and salary expected. Address
box 4444. Call offlce. -
COMPETENT waitress. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED— Buttonhole maker and good sewer
on vests. 225 Fifth st. - ¦ ,
NEAT young, girl to assist in housework; good
home. Apply 2420 Clay St., near Fillmore.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ' established at 1096
Valencia st :. -
GOOD butcher wishes situation in city. Box
4326, Call office.' .-
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
gether in hotel; best references. 242 Natoma
st, basement. ,
POSITION by dentist from. East; experienced
and all-around workman. Address room 23,
, The pamona, 130 Ellis st. ... -¦¦'- -
WANTED^Situatlon by young man in whole-
sale or retail clothing; experienced in both.
Box 4395, Call. ¦ - . ¦ - .-.¦-*¦-
WANTED— First-class button-hole maker; high
wages. 927 Market st, room 623. - -
WANTED— Girl or woman who wants to work;
, good place for right person. 2619 Folsom st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; references. '776 McAllister st .
WANTED— A situation by a married man to
do teaming or taking care of horses; can give
good references. Box 4429, Call.
BY thoroughly competent - engineer; ¦ 15 years
experience around mine hoist and mills, der-
rick hoist and pumps of all kinds; handy
with all kinds of tools; must be permanent
place, as he is married and doesn't like mov-
ing. Address Engineer, 781 Mission st_
WANTED— MALE. ,
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.^
A .YOUNG girls for general housework and
cooking. Call at 632 Golden Gate ave. .
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st ; telephone: Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.;.tel. Mission 74.
LODGIKG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
WANTED— Experienced girls ; also appren-
tices, wages from start. WEMPB BROS.'
parer box factory, 121-127 Mission st.
AMERICAN, 13 years' experience in railway
construction in Philippines, Siam and China,
wishes . employment, Mexico or other Spanish
American country; track and bridge work
specialty; speaks : Spanish. H. E., Cosmo-
politan Hotel, room 11. -
WANTED— A tailoress to work with first class
coatmaker. 313 Grant avenue.
GIRL for general housework; small ' family.
. Apply 1370 Masonic ave., near Waller.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 v. m. this evening.
GIRL, good scholar,— to learn typesetting,
MERKJ. 1008 Mission st. - .
EXPERIENCED lady bookkeeper; state sal-
ary expected and references. Box 4437 Call.
WANTED by first-class accountant, position
as bookkeeper, accountant or general offlce
| work; can give best of references. Address
box 4450. Call offlce.
GERMAN . winemaker and keeper would like
to get a place in the city or country as cel-
lar master or assistant; hg_ 15 years' Califor-
nia experience; can give good references. Ad-
dress E. P., St. George Hotel, 812 Kearny.
GIRLS wanted at Contra Costa Laundry, cor-
ner Fourteenth and Kirkham sts.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS ironer. Fairmount Laundry, 117
Palmer st.. .between 31st and 32d.
WANTED— German girl for general house-
work; wages $25. 2314 California. 2 to 5 p. m.
WANTED— Experienced waitress; also girls
to learn waiting- on table. 725 Market st.
COMPETENT girl for cooking; wages $25; ref-
erences. 1180 O'Farrell st.
MARRIED man wants position in wholesale
- house as porter or make himself generally
useful;, good reference from last employer.
Address box 4426, Call offlce.
GOOD cook and baker wants situation in hotel
or boardin_-house. 514 Mission st.
YOUNG man from Pennsylvania, age 23, wishes
steady position; excellent ref. Box 4451, Call.
BARTENDER (25) wishes steady position; city
or country. B. B., 1114 Harrison st.
RELIABLE, steady man wants situation in
private place: take care of horses, buggies
and garden. Box 4447. Call office.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; Ger-
man preferred. Call 9 to 11. morns. 926 Eddy.
GOOD girl to learn bookbinding. MYSELL,
ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; also girls
to learn; no fee. 127 Mason st.
GTRLS wanted. Bookbindery, 536 Clay st.
A' BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been established ' at « 1096
Valencia st ¦ ~ v
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, . 2200 Fillmore.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to do
housework and cooking; wages $20. Apply or
, address 144a Benton st, "Alameda.
AVANTED— Experienced nurse for child twenty
months old; none • without ¦ highest reference
need apply. Call bet. 10 _ 11 at 2508 Fillmore.
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian • girl ;
must, understand cooking and hoBsework.
'. 217 Larkin st. - .-.¦¦• '-t.J<T.,. ¦. v . -
A LADY | of indomitable energy, possessed of \
self-assertion; good, opportunity, to- right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott' building.
OPERATOR and apprentice wanted on . vests.
641% Stevenson st. . -.\ ¦ . . . ¦ ...
A SALESLADY. 53 Chronicle building.
EXPERIENCED nurse for child 2 years old.
Apply 2544 Mission st.
WANTED— A Danish housekeeper. . 1127 . Ne-
.braska st V
WANTED— A caster and boy. F. T. RILEY,
616 Hampshire . st. . bet. 18th and 19th.
WANTED— Boy _bout 14 for grocery- store.
Corner Bush and Mason ¦ sts.
BRIGHT ¦ boy 'about 17 for errands and store
; work. Box 4321,. Call office. 1
BARBER wanted, first-class, for two weeks.
Call 1938 Mission St.
BARBER" Saturday ~ afternoon and Sunday;
steady. 1546 Park st, Alameda.
BARBER wanted at 386 Geary st
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon.' 816 Treat
' ave. ; German . preferred. - : ¦¦ ., ¦,.. • ¦
EXPERIENCED diamond and. Jewelry-'. saiea-
' man (permanent),' city; state references. Box
, 4449. l Call office. .'. ' ...¦--¦*¦
WANTED — Good barber; steady. Job. Apply
.723 Fourth, st, San Rafael. Tel. Red 15.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
Jket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night ;-$l 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ;.-S
GOOD Japanese woman wants place. as house-
work and help cook; "cannot speak English
much; wages $15 or $20 i month: could not
go far from the boarding house. K. KOMAI,
. 358 Jeesle st. ; telephone 2665.
NEAT, refined girl wishes situation as com-
panion and maid.. Ad. A. M., box 4424, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light; housework.
Apply 40 De Long ave. . • ¦
MOTHER and daughter wish housework to-
gether; city or country. Box 4327, Call.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. HANSEN. card reader, palmist: past,
present and future; 25c. 108 6th st, 2d floor.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
. sittings dally. 44$% Jessie st, bet 6th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CO_L.BCTIOV OFFICES. Vvi
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency",
room 85, 916 Market st.— Experienced, . reason-
able, trustworthy. — ~< • . v
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
.COTTAGES TO LET. ,
$8— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; yard. 1705 Turk-«t,
near. Scott ; . ¦.:." ;. ;•¦ ¦ ;. ; V; >; h> V- £v_'v;?.!
WANTED— Boy to take care of offlce and run
' errands. RAMSEY & SON, 104 Sutter st.
WANTED— A nursegirl -to take care of one
child; wages $12; must sleep at home. Call at
816 Sutter at. ' . • ¦• ¦-. • :
WANTED— Cellar man for wine and liquor
house; state references. Box 4427 Call offlce.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl for general
housework; two in family: good wages. Call
between 9 and 12 a. m .,' 620 Green st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader -from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna st, near Fourth.
MRS,. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;German spoken;tel.Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
A STRONG young man to work around house;
wages $15. 1815 Sutter st. :
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a situation as
housekeeper for elderly- couple; references
exchanged. Address 401 Oak St.
A YOUNG American woman, stranger in city,
"wishes chamber work in rooming-house; sleep
home. Call or address MISS PAGE. 22 Page.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes place to
do light housework; Is a competent housekeep-
er. 136 Fifth St., bet. Howard and Mission.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader
ladies 25c, gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators.
Apply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO., 412
Pol!: St.
WANTED— A good photographer and router.
Address box 4438, Call offlce.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clalr., palmist: advice on
all affairs; messages from departed .friends;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1523% Market.
BOY wanted In wholesale dry goods house;
state references and wages wanted. Box 4461,
Call office.
WANTED— A press boy. v Inquire The Atupar-
ICh Mfg. Co., 141-147 Fremont st.
MISS HORGAN'S Emp. Agency, 323 Sutter st.
2 good cooks... .' $30 and $35
.8 housework girls, city $25
2 girls for Alameda.... "TT $25
10 waitresses, city and country $20 and $25
Second girl for Palo Alto.. $25
20 young girls to assist $12 to $20
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to. right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
Cth; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
' palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails; 25c and 50c. 1203 Mission St.; cor. 8th.
TEACHER. Protestant, speaking French flu-
ently, desires position as governess with
Christian family; no . objection to the coun-
try. Call at 1605 Franklin st. corner -Pine.
A YOUNG lady would like a position to do up-
stairs work and sewing; well adapted for
dressmakinjr; San Jose or San Rafael pre-
ferred. Call or address 10 Henrietta square.
REFINED French lady, teaching also excel-
lent German, wishes position as governess or
nursery governess to grown children. Ad-
dress J. B., 927 Alabama st.
WANTED— Cigar clerk; good wages; must be
acquainted in city: references wanted. Ad-
dress box 442S. Call offlce.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail U.
lSll^ Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1035.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day or
month, Call 429 Fell st.
WANTED — Bright, energetic canvassers for
legitimate business./ Call from 6 to 8 p. m.,
26 Lan_ton st. •. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles ."0c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit.. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
YOUNG lady wishes position as copyist. Ad-
dress 52G Telegraph ave., Oakland.
EOYS wanted, between 15 and 18 years of age;
apply at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
mento st. —
GIRL wants to do housework and help in
kitchen. 423 Second st.
MME. SANDERS, 127 Mason St.. medium;
teaches palmistry and mind telegraphy: ad-
vice on all business; 4 questions by mail, $1 ;
hours, 12 to 8.
RELIABLE woman would like washing or
Ironing by the day. Address 412 Linden ave.
WANTED— 2 first-class men to learn insurance
business en salary. Apply E. C. LITTLE,
room £. 993 Post St. . .. ;
A RESPECTABLE widow wishes a position In
widower's family; no objections to short dis-.
tance in country. Address box 4325, Call.
A GOOD reliable young man to deliver in city
for wholesale house; good pay to right party;
references. Call at 2782 22d St., Sunday bet.
10 and 12 a. m. ¦
RELIABLE woman wishes to do housework
and cooking; city or country; wages $20 or
$25 a month. Box 4459, Call office.
MIS_L_I«EOC^FOR^AI^— Con.
r^orsepoweTsaTTnsine. still in fairly good
working order. Apply J- J- PFISTER CO..
412 Polk st, or 60 Geary et.
; 50,4C0-GALLON redwood tank and tame; 3. *
and 6 inch pix>e; second hand, THOMPSON, 40
Main st. **/ ""
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress panta. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING" PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— 2. 8 AND 25 horsepower gasoline engines;
latest model. Address box 4375. Call office.
LITTLE black and tan male dog-. IS months
old, cheap. 502 Fulton st. cor. Octavla.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second--
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission St.
3- YEAR-OLD pointur for sale cheap. Box 4480.
Call offlce. - __*
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO., 123 Elll» st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and movin_ picture ma-
chine $37 50. 1C9 Montgomery st. '¦
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
ery. J. BTJRKE.133 Beale st. ¦
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California at.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new _ 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed.. NEWELI 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
WE pay bie ©rices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ALL unused check stamps bought; 2c; loose or
imprinted; also all documentary and proprle-
tary stamps. R. GARVEY. IOCS Call building.
TILTON wants gocd second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Foisom 252-J.
. MEDICAL.
X^EN6wN_rspecialistTthose who desire to
1 obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
j my regulator has no equal: all clasrts of te-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. \Y. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment, $4.
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market st, S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that la guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; iho
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
d*lay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hate's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' specialist; 26
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
offlce; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
DR. and Mrs. Davies. 1223 Market; our. regula-
{ tor is a treatment superior to others, has
" brought health and happiness to thousands of
anxious, suffering and despondent women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care: fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS page3. in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAX.
A^^A^mBjT^AyTpE^^ijiTTr^r^TrnTr."
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate.
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay.
Git my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st, room 3.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st
: ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16.. 1st floor,
I Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
IF TOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
HIGHLY respectable, ~ private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; meney
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
$23,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER, 397 Parrott building.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. "W. J. HSSTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
ONE per rent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.'
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required- S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. IB Phelan building.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
i HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
1 LOANS money on salary; no Indorser ; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
3-1 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— Loan $1GCO for 1 year at 12 per cent;
good security. Box 4456. Call offlce.
MUSICAL IXSTRXTJIEXTS.
A FACT worth remembering— that we are offer-
ing you 20 and 30 per cent discount on all
pianos purchased this month from us; we
sell not only pianos but the Olympic music
boxes on easy payments: you have this ad-
vantage if you trade with us— we do not take
away the Instrument If you are not able to
pay regularly; we don't do business that way,
come and see us and get prices and terms.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket Bt.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 yoar3 from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 am:
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market St.,
op. Mason (branch 951 Oakland).
Steck. Everett. Hardman* Ludwlg, Packard
and other high-grade pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken -back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy „
piano from us. KOHLER - & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st; established 1S50.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-.
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterlinr. $75. $125, $11.". etc.; easy payments.
BENJ.~ CURTAZ & SON, 16 OFarrell st,
Chickering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes; great bargain; $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free: you get first money when you selL
* HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary nt
J\S. KEEFFE'S piano warerooms now per-
manently located at 22 Turk St.. near Junc-
tion Mason, Market & Turk; largest In city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; J6 installments: no re-
¦ serve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.
BARGAINS— Haines. $200; Kramer, $135; Nleu-
mann, $140; Cable. $175. W. C. HAMILTON
8 Flood building.
FOR. sale^-Account departure, for one-third
value. Standard upright piano; fine carved
case; absolutely gocd as new. 3009 Sixteenth.
SOH1I_R, Byron Mauzy, Lester, Hamilton
and Speilmann pianos. 308 Post st.
PARTY- going to Chicago must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedaI upright piano. 783 Ellis it
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
STRONG woman wants work from 8 a. m.
until 4 p. m., laundry or housework; 75c;
references. 1537 Mission St., store.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
. and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215Vi Sixth st.
MRS5. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner \5olden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.. •
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Pantry man, $25, free fare; dishwasher, $25.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position in
private family; no housework; Jewish family
preferred. MRS. L. M., 3827 Twenty-third st.
WANTED— Cook for 14 men, no washing or
baking, $25; cook. Redwood City, $30; Stock-
ton, $30; Alameda, $30; 2 laundresses, $30;
ironer, $30; restaurant waitresses, $7 to $8 a
week; 2 head waitresses, $30; 12 hotel wait-
resses, city and resorts, $20 to $25; hotel cook,
$35; cook, 20 people, $30; Swedish cdok, $35;
seamstress, .$20; nurse, institution, $20; Ger-
man nurse, $15; a large number of girls for
general housework, city and country, $20, $25,
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 318
Sutter st.
A NICE, neat nursegirl for the care of small
children: nice home; office ree paid by lady;
$lOjto $12.
Apfrly C. R. HANSEN & CO... .104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY PHONE MAIN 1575
...;. HOTEL' DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses, first-class springs and resorts,
$20: 2 waitresses, commercial hotel, see party
here, $25; 18 waitresses, city and country ho-
tels, $20 and $25...*
3 restaurant waitresses *. $S
Waitress, Santa Cruz, chambermaid, same
place, $20 each, fare paid. ¦ i
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl for '2 -weeks, country, free fare
both ways; cook, $30; 5 housglrls, $25; cook,
$25; --woman with a child, institution, $15;
many really choice places. .
MRS." M. E. DAY 335 Geary ?t.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny st.
50 R. R. laborers, Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare: 50 laborers for lumber mill, ship
to-day; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters, $2 25,
country, fare $1 20; porter, $30 and found.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do cook-
ing and assist in general work. 1203 Mission
St., corner Eighth.
ness, speculations, investments, sickness, law.
divorce; gives truthful revelation in all love
affairs; reunites the separated: no failure.
12S2 Market et, opposite Seventh. ;
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
Consult Mme. Moraque, eminent clairvoyant
and scientific palmist; gives advice on busi-
FIRST-CLASS cook or laundress wishes a sit-
uation; willing to go to country; best refer-
ences. Please call tor three days." 213 Minna.
A MEETING of Republicans of' the 37th Assem-
bly District will be held at Mowry's Hall,
corner of Laguna st. and Ivy ave.. THIS
'THrRSDAT) EVENING, at 8 o'clock. All
Republicans are requested to attend.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July IS, 1901. af 4 o'clock p. m..
¦when a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
» AGEXTS WAXTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to eeil than books or ineur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTDM ROOFING. ~ -
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postaL 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. CARLSON, celebrated astrologlst: horos-
copes cast; lessons; 4 to 5 p. m. 148 Sixth, r. 22.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
"W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
V. r ANTED— A family who will take charge of
boy 12 years; must be in the country; will
earn bis own living. Address box 4430, ¦ Call.
LADY would like email children to board; good
home and care. 321S Sixteenth et. -
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
care:sunny y_rd:_r.school;reasonable.l607 Cal.
BOOKS NEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^*5o—^SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th '
and Market sts.; net rent $22; rare chance; :
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st,
A — $700 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant, near
Call building, clearing $150 per month; rare
chance. K. G. WILKE, 26»4 Kearny st.
A— t2S00; STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
notions with laundry route and route of all
S. F. dailies, across the bay, or will sell pa-
per and laundry routes for $1500. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— 11500; HALF INTEREST, saloon on Kearny
et., clearing $200 per month; lease; rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
A — $1500; COFKEE saloon and restaurant: 1
block south of Market st. ; dally receipts from
$90 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— *i&0; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms: $350
cash, balance on time: rent $60; located
Fourth Bt Call R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny.
- .
X-4S50; DELICACY store and branch bakery,
with 3 living rooms; rent'$lS; kept by owner
11 years; choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON: no better located place in
tills city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
. per month; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. Sen Kearny st. .
100 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores. 300 gro-
iceries and bars, 400 saloons, 500 bakeries, 600
stores of &II kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call In and see what we can offer
you.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market Bt.
IF you want to* buy or sell your, business call
at the Boston Business Agency; we have first-
class lodging houses, groceries, stores, etc.,
at _reat -chances. 1016 Market opp. Fifth.
McERIDE _ CO.
A— $25C; BRANCH bakery and variety Etore; 5
furnished rooms; a bai train. STRAND &
CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A — WE buy. cell or exchange any kind of bu«I-
ness. GL'S STRAND & CO.. 2C9 Kearny st.
YOU caa be eultcd in any kind of business by
calling at office.
G. TV. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market st. near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
$300— CORNER saloon: bargain this day. In-
qulre McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7T»\k Market st.
A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak-
ing place In city: fine cash trade; trial given
before buying: owner wants to retire after
several years in business; gilt-edge chance; a
safe Investment 326 Pine et, ground fl.tor.
SITUATION wanted— Man with S years* ex-
perience as manufacturer of the first metal
polish, liquid and paste form, wishes to start
. a business in that line- for a good man.. Ad-
dress A. GROSSER, Enterprise Hotel, Fol-
' eom and Sixteenth sts.
$450— BAKKRY with two horses and 2 wagons,
doing a fine business; owner wants to go to
Germany. Inquire 13C5 Castro st., Oakland.
FOR sale; $250— Restaurant in business loca-
tion: central. Apply 243 Harriet St.; call be-
% "'tween 1 and 3 p. m. -
WHOLE or half Interest In real estate -office,
with large lists of business. 759 Market st*
J300— CARPENTER and Jobbing shop for sale
in good location. Address box 4458, Call.
GROCERY store for eale; established 3 years;
' about $2500; amount fully In sight 2126
Dwlght Way, Berkeley. .
$750— RESTAURANT in factory district; bar-
g&ln'on account of departure to Europe. Box
«55 Call. office. , , _._ ; .; -
FIRST-CLASS seamstress desires a situation,
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
POSITION wanted by first-class chambermaid
and seamstress for private family; best city
reference. Apply J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter.
A FIRT-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; best city ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third St.: phone Bush 405.
100 R. R. laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.
L. A. and Santa Barbara divisions;
No exr.erience required.
$1 office fee; '¦no other expense.
FREE FARE. SHIP DAILY. FREE FARE.
10 harvest hands $2 per day and board
10 lumber pilors ?35 per month and, board
Blacksmith, country $3 per day
8 men for rock work $2 25 per day
Carriage and sign painter; long job;
country town $2 50 per day and board
2 hay makers $1 25 per" day and board
6 sawmill men, $30 to $3.i mo'nth and board.
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires situation; best of references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
Auctioncer-L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
furniture <_ furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory pricey
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP AVANTED- — FE9IAI.E.
A^cTrThANSEN & CO.'S. .. . . . .104 Geary st.
........... HOT_L DEPARTMENT
A head waitress for a summer retreat, no
station to hold, $35 and fare paid.
Waitresses all over the State and out of
the State for resort, spring, commercial- and
city hotels, $20 to ?25 and $S0; fare paid to all
country places.
2 ironers for Southern California, $35; hotel
laundry. . /
• Chambermaid, city, $20.
2 friends or two sisters for cook and laun-
dress and assist, $45 and fare advanced.
Woman for a Protestant Institution, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Many choice places in this department for
cooks, housegirls, ' second girls, nursegirls,
ranch cooks; best of wages; women with
children for ranch places, etc.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion; best city references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOTEL cook, second cook and dishwasher,
$100; 2 hotel cooks, $40 and $50; man and wife
for resort, $35; handy man about hotel, $25;
hotel butcher, $35 and found; restaurant
butcher, $50; oysterman and waiter, $10 week;
tamale maker,. $25; dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation;
best city references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Suttcr St.
—LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and to make yourself
lucky: reunites the separated; makes harmony
In your home: gives accurate advice on all
business affairs; investments.mining.oil: read-
Ings by mail; send stamp for term*. 125 Turk.
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. •
THE FAMOUS
MME. M. BERNARD,
EMPLOY3IENT WAXTED FEMALE.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help.. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce —
Best help. 411V£ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
BEFORE disposing of * your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
2 LA.UNDRYMEN and wives, $50 and $60 an.l
found; fruit farmer and wife, $50 and found;
cheese maker for s>mall dairy; 2 washers for
country laundry, $30 and $35 and board; as-
sistant dairyman fo-r Santa Barbara, $30 and
found; American driver for milk wagon, $35
and found; stable and choreman for gentle-
man's place, $30 and found; stableman,
country livery stable, $30 and found; farm-
ers, milkers, laborers, miners, furnace men,
lumber pliers and many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT _ CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A— BOILER maker for a large company, coun-
try, ?S50 day, steady job. MURRAY AND
READY, 634-626 Clay St.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel." Bush 135.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PROF. W. H. MONTAGUE.
CLAIRVOYANT and PALMIST,
Is in San Francisco, using his strange and
mysterious powers for the benefit of mankind.
Montague's thousands of written testimonials
from all over the world are proof of his won-
derful knowledge. He gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, courtship, marriage
and divorce; causes speedy and happy mar-
riage. The earth reveals to him the hidden
treasures In her bosom; he locates mines, in-
terprets dreams, tells of your friends and en-
emies, removes evil influences, settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated, gives advice
pertaining to lawsuits, everything; charges in
reach of all: reception room 14, 1104 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
JOHN SLATER will resume his work to-day;
sittings 10 to 4; circle 25c, Friday evening,
8:15. 1809 Stockton st, near Greenwich.
MRS EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting.
3250 23d, bet. Mission & Valencia; 8 p.m.; 10c.
MME. Youngs demonstration of spirit return
to-night 605 McAllister: 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth, room 12; circle to-
night, 10c.; truthful readings daily, 50c and $_
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; cir. Tues.. Fri.. 8
p. m.; Wed., !:20 p. m.; 10c: meet, dally, 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
Electrlc-Cherhlc. medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. S Mason.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolirfc guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
AID in geometry and algebra personally, by
correspondence and weekly papers. 3014 16th.
HEALDfS Business College, 24 Post st, S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new 80-pags catalogue free.
PROF. L. MERKL successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St.. nr. 6th.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
the world-renowned spiritual medium; advice
in all affairs or life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated: mining a spe-
cialty; circles Sun.. Wed., Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs), 38 McAllister.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough> Ellls-
st. car; sit., tU letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
SPIRITUALISM.
ACTING, elocution, specialties ; Hallett School,
associated ¦with theatrical . agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
INSTRUCTOR of experience will coach In
Greek, Latin, mathematics; references. Ad-
dress box 2269, Call offlce, Oakland.
LEO ASSEMBLY No. 4. Y. M. C. U.-Mem-
. bers of the above assembly are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late brother.
LUKE SWEENEY. FRIDAY. July 12, at
P:30 a. m.. from residence, 15 Hampton place,
thence to St. Patrick's Church at 10 a. m.
Yours fraternally.
JOHN T. BURN. Rec. Sec.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth Bt).
Phone Mint 1911. '
LODGING house. 20 rooms, $325. Call at 105
New Montgomery st.
EXCHANGE. ' ¦__
WISH' to "exchange good real estate in San
Jose; well Improved; 5 50-varaa, with large
bearing trees, all kinds of fruit; price $10,000;
for San Francisco property. Box 4313, Call.
EXCHANGE and sales offlce, 321 Phelan bldg.,
Market st.— Send particulars of anything you
have for exchange, eale or want; registration
free; Insurance and loans. , .
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st; phone Capp 26S2.
Tflats to let. k
COLE, corner Oak— One flat of 8 rooms; tiled
bathrooms and sinks; beamed and frescoed
ceilings; looking out on Park; marble vesti-
bule; furniture for sale, which is new and
artistically selected; open bet. 10 and 4 o'clock
every day. Key at 409 Cole st.
FINE, 2132— 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basemen.t. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pme st.
$25 — GRAND flat. 6 large sunny rooms; modern
in every respect. 1127 Guerrero st., between
23d and 24th. '
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath. 1720 Hyde St.; rent
$17. ; -.
BEFORE moving drop a postal to 925% Fol3om
st. ; we buy anything you don't care fb move.
A MARINE view, sunny, 8 rooms, bath, new.
2414 Van Ness ave., near Union st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FELL, 111— Four nicely furnished rooms with
bath. •
FLATS AVANTED. i
WANTED— Near the park or in desirable part
of Mission, below Twentieth st, furnished
fiat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults:
rent reasonable. Address immediately box
4457, Call offlce. ' "
WANTED— A nice furnished flat of 4 rooms
for man and wife; must be modern; central
location. Addreas box 4431. Cail office..
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
.range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. «,
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
t Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market; phone Folsom 1342.
75 room*"; price $5000 142 rooms; price $3300
16 rooms; price 1900 130 rooms; price 2250
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price. 750
22 rooms; elegant: rent only $60; price.... 1500
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bergains and hurried sales.
THE twenty-sixth annual «_3GK_ m— ' *>.
picnic of Loyal Oransr-
Lodges Nos. IIS and 127
•will be held in Shell "*
Mound Park, Berkeley, on FRIDAY. July 13.
G. E. LITTLE, Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v «T>i
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 2l iij_
ING. Fraternity Hall, C2 O'Far- •^vSjC^
rell st.. at S o'clock. **S_t»
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc. ; experienced teachers ; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
EDUCATIONAL.
WJNSTON & WOLF, ,
1026 MARKET ST.
17 rooms; rent $S0; Fourth st $875
26 rooms; fine cornet; rent $90 1375
30 rooms; new; cheap rent 1375
E5 rooms; rent $100; part cash 2100
25 rooms; fine sunny corner; only 1900
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. ,.<S_3S£2fe>
152. I. O. O. F.— Installation §5_2_=
THURSDAT.
6. P. GRAND. N. G. '<W»^
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
Married furnaceman. $65; 3 miners, south, $50
and found; 14 machine and single hand min-
ers, different gold and silver mines; 10 muck-
ers, $75; 10 laborers, gold mine. $60 and found;
5 laborers, mine, see boss here ; 25 quarry men,
$60; 10 ditch laborers, $2 25 day; tunnel men
and drillers; 5 laborers, $1 50 to $1 75 day;
10 warehouse men, near city, $3 day; 5 men to
handle freight, $40 and found; 150 laborers,
city work, tGO, $42 and $27 50, board and lodg-
ing
TEAMSTERS SAWMILLS AND WOODS
50 two and four horse teamsters, Amador
County, new work, $2 and $2 25 day; 4 team-
sters, $32 50 ard .found, $1 50 fare; 15 woods-
men, $40 to ?65 and found; 10 laborers, saw-
mill, company, $40 and found; 6 woodsmen
and road makers, San'Mateo County, $40 and
$30 and found; line man, crosscut sawyers,
bark peelers, men to pile cordwood. etc.;
edgerman, see boss here; 5 men to work in
mills, yards, and woods, sawmill company,
fare 90c
HAY HARVEST,' ETC."
6 wheat bucks, $52 and found; 175 men for
hay and harvest work, $1 25 to $2 day and
found; 15 men for steady farm Jobs; 27
orchard and vineyard farmers; 5 pruners,
apricot trees, $26 and found; 5 hay balers, 20c
ton; 10 milkers, $30 to $40 and found; 27
chore men and boys; 3 cattle herders,, fare
$1. $30 and found
MECHANICAL AND MISCELLANEOUS.
Horse Ehoer near city, $2 50 daj" blacksmith.
$40 and found, $1 fare; horseshoer, lumber
company, $2 50 day; machine blacksmith and
helper; blacksmith, Shasta County, $3 day;
woodworkers; carriage painter, country shop;
stableman, . vineyard company, $30 and found;
night porter, wholesale house,, $35; choreman
for an institution, $20; 5 deck hands, $40;
gardener, private place, $30; stablemen, city
and country: wilk wagon driver
BUTCHERS— HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Butcher, country shop, t4O anil found; good
meat cutter; baker's helper, $6 week; dish-
washer, mine boarding-house, $30; ironers,
country laundry, $40 and SCO; 9 cooks, city
and country: 5 ranch cooks; 15 waiters, city
and country; baker, country shop; kitchen
MURRAY ' &' READY! '.'.'.'.'.'.'.. .634-636 ' Clay 'si!
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
634-636 Clay St.
Free Fare Free Fare
\ . To Los Angeles,
Santa Barbara and Surf Divisions.
B0 men for the above S. P. R. R. Co." s- work,
$1 75 to %Z 25 day Ship Free — To-night
UKIAH— UKIAH.
150 teamsters and laborers and , men { to cut
right of way, free fare, $2 day, ship after-
noon
SANTA FE R. R. CO.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. .^Bffi_>
207. I. O. O. F.— Installation of of- ¦S*_§3£_
fleers THURfDAY EVENING, rZ&S3>Jgz
July 11. 1S01, at 8 o'clock. All Past ""1***
Grands are respectfully requested to be pres-
ent. A. SALVA, N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU. Secretary.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
HELP WANTED— MALK.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ~
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia Et
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position where
he can attend school. SAKIYAMA, 1606 Jones.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1341 Polk st. '
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 381.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 179, I. O. <^Ma&.
O. F.— Installation of officers 3v~tSJ__j
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING.
Visitors invited. ' '
. . WM. G. McKIBBEN. N. G.
E. S. WISWELL. R. S.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
GOOD Japanese man wants situation to help
cook and housework; cannot speak English
much; wages $15 or $20. K. KOMAI, 358 Jes-
sie st. : telephone 2665.
GOOD sewer wanted In bindery. MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, the .Real Estate Agent,
719 Market St.. by Call bldg.; tel. Black 1S03.
32 rooms; 14 large bay windows; a corner; 3
blocks north of Market! o_ furniture; clears
$80 a month above all expenses; rent $105.. $1400
17 rooms: all men; rich carpets: north of Mar-
ket St.; elegant furniture; clears $70 a month.
11 rooms; rent $35: oak furniture; mortgage
$375; clears $35; exchange for small house. .$700
Call at office for list Above are only samples.
A DANE: understands the care of. fast horses;
good driver; care of garden; has references.
Address box 2270, Call offlce.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
FIRST-CLASS French cook wishes situation In
hotel or club. Apply 275 Stevenson. ..
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DR. R, L, WALSH, 815% Geary.nr.Lar'kln— Pain-
less extraction EOc; plates $5 up;phonePolkllS5.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
32 r. cor. ; rent $105 ; good house ; clears $120. 1400
MONEY loaned on deferred payments: 1%%.
50 r. rent $60: good house; always full barg. 1C00
IS r.; rent $S3; good fur., carp; large yard.. 1250
20 r. rent $60; good house; always full; barg. 1000
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
A. CAMERON _ CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23, Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
42 r. cor.; rent $100; lease 5 yrs.; car., fur.
3 years' old $1900
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
. on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (THURS- S$*i5S_i
DAY) NIGHT. July. U. 1901. t£?Sw«5&
Brothers cordially Invited. ' /ms
ADOLPHUS E. GRAUPNER, N. G.
FRANKLIN M. CARSON. Rec. Sec
TERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. -^gyg_fe.
O. F.— Installation THURSDAY QjSj2p£s
EVENING. July 11, 1901. ~g5^^
JOHN A. OHLPON. N. G. '™**
WM. P. HUMPHREYS, Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— _•
Special meeting THIS __fV_
EVENING, fit 7:30 o'clock. Third de- Tt_Pt
gree. Master Masons are invited. By / *
«rder of the Master.
j. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. _,
-Special meeting THIS (THURS- Jt^
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third X^
degree. Master Masons cordially In- •
vlted. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. m
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) m Wk M
KVENING, July 11. at 7:30 o'clock. vL/\
Third degree. By order of the Master. * ~^
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions .or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice^free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R.' A. M.— *
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) JV^
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Royal ArchK3?
degree. By order of the H. P. " ~
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
v _^
AT. the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have. your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager. .
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth st.
14 rooms • "• $600
18 rooms on one floor J900
27 rooms, 17 furnished $600
8-room flat •••••;i*SS
70-room hotel, country town $3000
85-roora boarding-house $7500
10 rooms, must sell $500
21 rooms, fine corner, clears $200 $1500
6-room flat, down town (transient) .$*00
16 rooms on Mission street .$600
29-room house, clears $200 $2100
16-ROOM HOUSE
....¦ New, fine furniture
' Clears $150
Price. $1400
666 other bargains from $50 to $10,000.
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
MEETING NOTICES. . *
A REGULAR meeting of Yertoa. Buena .,„.
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A., j£
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. ™1_ be rt
held in Commandery Hall, Masonic /g^
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. *****
July 11. 190L at 8 o'clock. Degrees 12 and 13.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
HELP WANTED— W< T.R fnr,.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
...Wanted— 2000 men for new railroad work...
Teamsters, laborers, tunnelmen, drillers,
muckers, axmen. choppers and crosscut saw-
yers for
....;.;.. Ukiah
- Nevada
....".-. '.:.. Truckee
Coast Road'
Santa Fe System
Chatsworth Park (Big Tunnel)
Wages from $1 75 to $3 per day...
Free Fare .Ship To-day Free Fare
10 crosscut sawyers and 20 axmen to cut right
of way for new railroad, $2 to $2 25 a day,
free fare; 100 laborers for large electric com-
pany, country, $2 25 a day; 10 lumber pliers,
$35; miners, blacksmiths, wheelwrights, far-
mers, milkers, dairymen, choremen and
others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :
Hotel butcher, country, $50; broiler, country
hotel $50 to $55; kitchen crew for a resort.
$120; fry cook, city, $65; second cook, hotel,
north $35 and fare; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $25 and $30
3 waiters, same watering resort, $30, see party
here; waiter for springs, $30; 2 young men
to carry off dishes and learn waiting, coun-
try hoteL $25 and fare; 3 hotel waiters, coun-
try. $25.:.
10 colored extra waiters, country hotel, $1 50
a day and fare both ways..
C. R. HANSEN & CO...'. 104 Geary st
A— 20 OUTSIDE drillers, $2 a day and 20 oat-
side laborers, $1 75 a day. for big tunnel at
Chatsworth Park. Free Fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A TRAVELER visiting the grocery and vari-
ety trade can get a profitable and easily sold
side line: no samples; beautiful illustrated
pocket catalogue. THE HOWARD H. HO-
GAN CO., wholesale grocers, 104 Pine st,
San Francisco, Cal. - '
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: only i
8 weeks required; 2 years' time saved by our
method; examination and diploma given
free; complete outfit of tools donated; special
inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue.
MOI-LR BARBER COLLEGE, 633 Clay at.
SOLDIERS wanted learn the barber trade;
¦pecial inducements; situations guaranteed
after 8 weeks' practice; call or write at once
for special offer and free catalogue. MOLER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
THE Boston Institute of Autoshavlng— We
teach men the art of self-shaving; terms rea-
sonable: offlce hours 10 to 12 a. m. . 1 to 4
and 6 to 8 p. m. 105 Ellis St.. room 31.
BARBER shop for sale; best location In town,
opposite the P. O. ; good for $100 per month;
will sell for $125; reason of selling, wife's
' poor health. Auburn, Cal. ; j
WANTED— At Master Bakers* Protective As-
soclatlon, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st*.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Deaver House, 217 Third st: 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
FREE HOMES SOLDIERS'
Declaratory statements filed at 630 Market
St. SMITH & HOWE.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman;
stats age. experience and salary expected.
Address box 4443, Call office. 1
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLJS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
BARBERS — 3 or 4 chair shop wanted: state
price, location and rent. Ad. box 4425, Call.
WANTED— Foreman on cakes. 911 Larkin
street
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. . bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WHEELWRIGHT and blacksmith helper
wanted. 1504 Folsom st.
GOOD boy who understands bookbinding. MT-
SELL-ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay St.
WANTED— 5C0 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
¦world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St. ¦
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
( CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Fillmore.
rmmm — — — — — — —^ wi^^ —
HORSES _
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, . buggies,
.'¦I carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
.-327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred,
broken to saddle and harness; lady drives
him; cheap at $150; don't answer if you are
looking for a $30 horse. 125 Geary st.
FINE matched teams, suitable for carriages
and doctors' teams; 4 single horses. Thir-
teenth and Harrison sts.
WANTED— Good single-footer. 5 to 8 years old,
weight about 1000 pounds. Union Stock Yard,
Thirteenth and Harrison sts.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard . st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping- ¦wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; f oar
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st.. room 25.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$12— HOUSE of 5 rooms ; yard. 549 Stevenson
st., opposite new postoffice.
HOUSE to let; 16 Lily ave.; 5 rooms; rent $15.
Apply 113 Oak st.
\ HOUSES TO LET — COUNTRY.
FURNISHED house to rent in Menlo Park. Ad-
dress MRS. CORA PARKER. Menlo Prk. Cal.
HOUSES WANTED^
WANTED— House or lower fiat not less than 6
rooms between First and Fifth and Folsom
and Market sts. 25 Minna st.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on installment*;
call and see it in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
-LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Elk* tooth fob, gold setting.- with en-
ameled clock dial, marked A. J. B., B. P. O.
E. No. 3; reward. A. J. BUCKLEY, 17
Beale st.
LOST— Cocker spaniel; collar and tag; reward.
3651 Twentieth st.
LOST— On Market St., pair of spectacles. Re-
turn to 2S Main st; reward.' I
LOST — A ring containing a diamond and gar-
net setting, in neighborhood of St. James
Hotel, Laguna and McAllister sts.; heirloom.
Return to St. James Hotel. v
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of AGNES BEND; No. 248-740. The
finder will please return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
- Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wcalthy~iadles
send 10c for latest list. MRS.HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, . uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. ' • .
________________
TAILINGS and dumps wanted; correspondence
invited i respecting complex gold ores. Box
4452. Call office. »
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
t 'saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ON acount of vacating present location and
moving to new works i we offer for sale— for
' removal— our present buildings, consisting of
machine shop, foundry and boiler shop, with
traveling cranes. Risdon Iron Works, Beale
5 and Howard sts.
AIR compressor, 3 -.sizes, 5, 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
• " tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
. and water oower. J. B. Jardlne, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
¦ glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleyi,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Continued.
CANDY and.dalry store at a sacrifice; elegant
fixtures. Corner Bush and Pierce sts.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain,
921 Howard St.; no agents. '
FOR sale— Grocery and saloon; good location;
trial if desired. Apply at Jackson Brewery.
142S Mission st.
GOOD opening for barber shop and , baths in
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st.
RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale; on
account of sickness. 29 Ninth Bt.
SALOON for eale opposite the ferry; rare
chance. Ill East St., north of Market.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250,_TOT__ AERIVAIS.
GRANDu. HOTEL.
S Brown, Vallejo
G W Stephens & w.Cal
S J Herman & w, Ind.
Mrs W Rosenberg & d..
Pittsburg '
H U Shead & w, Cal
Mrs A Campbell, Tor
onto. Canada
Mrs N H Stevens, Can.
JT Frotheringham, Chg,
W M Rodwell, Iowa ¦
R E Carter, Cal
A J Brehm, Cal
M G McCllnton & w,
Cal
J RespinI, S Cruz
W. Toland, Vallejo
N T Eschenburg, Cal
GG Gilbert & w, Cal
J D Williams, Cal
C M McLean, Iowa.
G E Parker . & w; Cal
W M Gates. Los Angr
J C Appel, Fresiw
S J Hinds, Fresno
W E Wheeler, N T'
M J Quinlan. Mich
A C Soper, Chicago
Mrs R E Campbell, Cal
F Booth, Danville
Mrs W E Smith. Honor
H M Payne. S L Oblsp
J A McCabe, Cal
C A Campbell & son.
Red Bluff
Mrs R Bamburg & dau
Chicago
A Cook, Sacto " •
J Cook, Sacto
Miss L Cressy, L Ang
H C B Gill, Fresno
C Lindner, Cal
Mrs C D Dickey, Cal .
J Hogan. Cal
J'L Burke & w, Valljo
A Ross, Vallejo
J Magan, NT • -
J T Heller & w. Ill
J W Mier, S Barbara
J C Danlelson, St Paul
H J Edwards, S Jose
F R Edwards. S Jose
A Sanger, Chicago
E G Stafford, w & da u,
Eureka
W P Snyder, Stockton
J M Muller, Phoenix
J W Mitchell. Cal
W H Nichols. CrUand
W B Fitch, Chicago
F Hagener, Beardstwn
S G Beardle, Cal .-.
W A Lewis, Boca
R H Lewis, Boca
C F Sctorilk & w. Sact
H R Walker & w. Den
0 Brown & w, Cal
M Michael, Woodland
S M Rohr, S Rosa
Mrs D L Parrlsh. Mo
S McGlyn, St Louis ¦
E B Allen. St Louis
Miss G W Parrish. Mo
L K Biggs, Kan City
1 Trolver. Kansas City
E FTanck, Kan' City
E Lockett. Kan City
A T Hodge, Cal
G Strath, Cal
W Hamburg, Napa
H F Liston, Cal
W W Barham, S Rosa
P Lewis & w, Brkeley
I Humphrey, Ind
F F Evans & fam, Chg
J B Levy, Dawson
A Overturf. Illinois
Mrs L Taggart, 111
"J S Schnepp, Los Ang
H H Grau, - Sacto
C A Meyer, Seattle'
Mrs G G Brooks, Colus
C M Rltter & son, Cal
H E Loose, San Jose
F C Stanford & w. Cal
D Robertson, Holyoke
Mrs Danahan, III
Mrs Hillls, Illinois .
Mrs Giancey,- Illinois
W S Brooks, Colusa
PALACE HOTEL.
H P Baird. St Louis
H A Baias, London
F. S MorrlR, Or
J F Schloss, N Y
C H Markham, Portld
Mrs M C Stinson &
maid, Pasadena
Miss M Stinson. Pasad
Master Jack Stinson,
Pasadena • ' . '
M O'Brien. Pasadena.
B Campbell, Portland
Mrs B Campbell & ch,
Portland"
F B Euthorn. Holland
W D Cameron, N Y
C W Wilhelm, Redding
E Cousin, Portland
E B Calegarls, Italy
F A Juilboard. N Y
M L McDonald Jr &
.'W. Santa Rosa
T Derby, N Almaden
J C Kemphouse, w &
son, Hudson,' Colo
F S Noble. Sacto
Mrs J S Conor & ch.
-Denver .
J L Kennedy. Omaha
A C Stephenson, Cal
S J Sorenson. Wyo
D Swab. N Y
The Misses Burns, To
ronto- '. ' '
Henrietta Ballinger. O
W S Washburn, Wash
D C
T T Goodwin. N T
E C Klauber. Chicago
Mrs G B McAueiny.
San Jose
Mrs M C Mastlck. San
Jose
N F Hill. St Louis
Dr J D Gordon, Ogden
W W Chapln. Sacto .,.
J Langland. Chicago ,
R Schraubstaadler, Mo'
E J Clement &-w, O '
A W Milligan & W.NT
Kthryne Milligan. N Y
Carrie Tuthlll. NjT«
W M Meek, i Denver
W W Colt _ w, Pasadp
W H Rukards & w,
Chicago ,
Mrs M T Larwlll, Chte
Mrs J W Alexander.
NT - - .
M A Brown, Pa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
C C Piers & w, L Ang
J 'Stuart & w, L Ang
K R Knox, Sacto
G.O Reich, Denver
P M Johnson, Cal
G Parker & fy, Colo
W Rogers, Courtland
S V Holsteln. -Tenn
P L Huames . & w,
Albuquerque
M Faherty, Oakland
F E Parker. N Mex
P S Lente, N Mex
J Dunavan, N Y
Miss Bartlett, San Jose
Miss Laireo, San Jose
J E Bartlett. San Jse
H E Kramer. Seattle
W E Speer. Jackson
D Carr in, Stockton ..,.
G T Green. Sonora -
James E. and Elizabeth Cooines (owners)
with W. E. Grant (contractor), architect W. C.
Hind — All work for three- story frame building
(flats), on W line of Baker street, 37:6 S of
Golden Gate avenue. S 25 by W 96:10; $3142.
Thomas Hancock (owner) with Cotter & Jones
(contractors), architect T. Paterson Ross — All
work for a three-story frame building (two flats
and basement), on S line of Oak street, 106:3
E of Devisadero, E 23 byr S 137:6; $4760.
Joseph >K. Hawkins (owner) with A. H. Wil
helm (contractor), architect Thomas W. Lenzen
— All work except plumbing, painting and elec
tric -wiring for a two-story and basement frame
building, with concrete .toundations, on E line
of Baker street, 27:6 S of Page," S 27:6x96:10^;
$4650.
Builders' Contracts.
Harry O. and . Anna. Chance to -Oscar W/
Thunberg-, lot on N line of Ninth avenue, 100
N of C. street, N 25 by E 125; $1500.
Charlotte C. Otto to Frances and Theodore
Langffuth, lot on E line- of Second avenue, 73
S of Clement street, ; S 25 by E 82:6; $10.
. Kate, Timothy B... Thomas 'S., Kate A..
Daniel P. and Joseph. H. Cronin and Mary E.
Sullivan to same, lot on NE comer of Nine
teenth (Butte) and Minnesota streets. N £0
by E 100; J10.
John and I Marsaret Lovett to Albert W.
Lefrrke. Iot on K tine of Minnesota street.
125 S of Eighteenth (Solano), S 50 by E 100;
no. - • . ¦
Dennis Toomey.to Annie Toomey,. lot on W
line of Pennsylvania avenue, 75 S of.Marlposa
street. S 25 by W 100; gift.
Estate of James Collosy fby Hannah- Col
lopy, administratrix) to.T. Derharo, lot on NW
line of Bryant stnet, 85 NE of Ninth. NE
48 by NW 90; J3075.
administratrix) ¦ to T. '¦ Dertaam, lot on ! S_ :llne
of Bryant, street, 53:6 SW of - Boardman place;
SE 75, SW 23, NW 1S.87, NW 17.90, NW 3S.15.
NE 23.94; $2600. ¦ '-..-
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Samuel P. and Caroline R," Blumenburg to
Leslie Nathan,- undivided one- twelfth Interest
In lot on E line of Dupont • street, 97:6,S of
Pine. S 40:10, E22, N 10 inches, — 38, N 40,
W' 60 ' $10. • ' ' . - ¦
Estate Orson H. Keyes (by George E. Bil
lings executor) to . John P: Gallagher, lot on
SW corner of Van Ness and Elm avenues, S
35 by W 109:9; $13,760. _
Mary S. Sperry and Peter. J., Mary C. and
Jane C. Finley, lot on E line of Franklin
street, 27:6 S of Vallejo, S 27:6 by E 92:10%; *10.
Manning F. Bowes to Minnie E, Bowes, lot
on S line of Pacific avenue, 137:6 W of Pierce
street. W 68:9 by S 127:8>4: gift. £ _¦
Isaac and Emily Eliaser to Joseph Fries, lot
on W line of Seymour avenue, 150 S of -Turk
street S 25 by. W 90; $10..
1/ H and Lizzie Sly to John A. Hoots, lot
on S line of Filbert street,, 80 W of Broderick,
W 122:9 by S 137:6; $10.
Julia Jaegiing to Margaret S. Walker, lot
6n S line of Hayes street, 81:3 E-of Central
avenue (Lott street). E 25 by S 100; $10.
Amy C. Gouraud (Glllig) (A she) . to Evan
Watts 'lot on S line of Fourteenth street, '207
W of Valencia, W 86 by S 130; $10. _^
Julietta Crowley to Mary E. and Thomas M.
Crowley undivided two-thirds of the following:
Lot on'E line of ' Valencia - street, 211 S of
Twenty-first, S 25 by E 125; also lot on E
line of Guerrero street, 372:6 S'of Eighteenth,
S 49 by E 105; 1 also lot on W. line fit Hoff
avenue, 113 N of Seventeenth ' street, N 45 by
Wiliiam and; California Cluff to George E.
Turner lot on S line of Twentieth street, 60
•W of Guerrero,- W 50 by S 111; $10.V . ,
Oenrsre and Bertha Fuchs to Nicholas Fuchs,
lot on S line of 400 vara lot, 137:6 \V from* SW
corner lot N 137:6, N to Fifteenth street, W
70'0% S to a point,. E 75; $10. " r
Homeseekers' : Loan Association to Wilson A.
and Laura A. Cross, lot on. W line of Hart
ford street. .349 S of Eighteenth, S s 22 by W
"liary 5 E. . Thomas M. , (or j Thomas N. Crow
lev) to Julietta Crowley, undivided one-third
interest on lot on B line of Valencia street,
105 N of Twenty- third,' N 30 by E 125; $10.
Andreas Campe to Clara Campe, lot on S
line of Jackson street. 30 E of Dupont, E 40
b3 Jererniah if and ' Julia A. O'Leary to Mary G.
Brown to Ercole P. Vlttorl and Jean •: Navar
... i o t on ¦ SE line of Natoma street, . 150 SW
„ Seventh. SW 25 by SE 75; *10.- -
Gainor G. and Andrew *N. Altken' to Fran
cis and Mary Gremmlnger, lot on NW line
of Harrison avenue, 150 ¦ SE of : Folsom street,
SE 25 by NE 75;- $10.'- ; . • ' ¦ ' 1 " ¦
E W Scott to Thomas Webb.' lot on >W line
of • Rhode Island street. 225 N of Twentieth
(Napa), N 25 by W 100; $275.
Estate James Collopy (by Hannah Collopy,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, > THURSDAY, JULY .11, 1901.
11
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DBRKELGY REAL ESTATE.
BIG bargain — House, € rooms, bath and pantty;
2 blocks to station, school, churches and
stores; lot 43x120; R.cod well of water; street
work done; price $1400 ; J1C0 cash, balance $15
monthly.
House of 3 rooms: fruit trees: nice flower
and vegetable garden; convenient to station,
electric cars, stores, etc.; fine location; lot
fcOxlM); price J1000; $100 cash, balance $12 00
monthly.
Must be sold at once— Cottage, 6 rooms,
bath, pantry, inlaid floors, folding doors, con-
crete foundation and basement; chicken
houses, barn, fruit trees, arbor, flower gar-
den and lawn; ornamental trees; lot 50x135;
price J2300; W0 cash, balance to suit; bank
loaned 12000 on this property and cost over
S4000; 2 blocks to station, school, church and
etores. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
station; ornee west side of railroad track;
open Sundays. RUDOLPH, PERKINS _
LYON.
OAKLAND ADTERTISEMFM
OFFICE — 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AN unusual list of choice bargains
Absolutely being sacrificed.
Every piece; must sell; submit offer.
J2S50 cost $4250 — Fronts electric cars; on
main street; one of Oakland's choicest neigh-
borhoods; magnificent gothic style cottage;
" 6 large rooms; folding doors; mantels; gas
fixtures; washroom; stationary tubs; every
' convenience.
House — Cost $1850: elegant terrace; Iot 66x
116; cost $2400: total $1250; bank mortgage
$1050; owner has made special trip to Oakland
to effect quick Bale; reduced to $2800; offer
considered.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-362 Klghth St., Oakland.
$2S50 — COST a great deal more; modern S-ropm;
built by owner; porcelain bath; gas fixtures;
3 stationary stands; folding doors; mantel; ce-
ment foundations; fine large attic entire
length of building; stable; lot 50x145; street
complete; location desirable; near Grove-st.
electric cars; adjoining six 2-story modern
residences ; banker offered $2000 loan on same
thie week; balance must be cash; owner
called to Honolulu to join her husband; figure
this out; It's a snap bargain; offer on this
would also be considered.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-162 Eighth St., Oakland.
$5000— COST $7500; choicest location on Tele-
graph ave. : finest thoroughfare in Oakland ;
elegant residence, 9 rooms, replete with all
modern conveniences; large lot; select neigh-
borhood; grand location for professional man;
fine investment; can rent $40; don't fall to see
this; offer considered.
LATMA.NCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-162 Eighth St., Oakland.
$8500— BEAUTIFUL Lakeside District 12-room
residence; large lot, 150 feet In depth; no
choicer location In Oakland; superb neighbor-
hood; property must be sold; owner non-resi-
dent and has solicited us to obtain immediate
. ° Cr " LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-162 Eighth st.. Oakland.
U150— SPECIAL snap; bank mortgage 11200;
new colonial bay-window cottage 4 rooms,
reception hall, porcelain bath, nickel plumb-
ing, mantel; 30-ft. lot; macadamized street;
electric cars half/ block; a perfect little home;
modern and coiapiete; must sell; only $250
over mortgage
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
J2S0O— AN elegant modern Eastlake cottage con-
taining 6 large rooms, porcelain bath, open
plumbing, high basement, cement laundry
tubs, brick foundation, etc. etc.; lot 40x125
feet, with nice, open lawn; fruit trees and
Etone walks in front and around the house;
street work complete; nice central location;
near to cars and train; house alone cost $2400
tfc build; insured for J1500; title perfect; no
mortgage.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
¦ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
: $1600— COZY modern "Eastlake cottage of 5
rooms, bath. ' hall, high basement, laundry,
brick foundation, double parlors, etc (all In
good condition); street work all done>; stone
walks laid; one block off San Pablo ave.;
handy to narrow-gauge station; sunny front-
age; now well rented; bargain for a quick
cash sale, but terms can be arranged.
GEO. XV. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
11450— PLAIN, comfortable house of 7 rooms; '
lot 30x120 feet; nice location, with street work '
complete and stone walks laid; garden, fruit
and shade trees; right close to Telegraph ;
ave.; handy to schools and churches: reduced j
for a quick sale; easy terms can be arranged. ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN _ CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1000 CASH. $6 50 monthly— A model 6-room
cottage, chicken shed, barn, stable, immense
fruit trees; small assorted fruit; a lovely
garden of vegetables; flowers in profusion;
high ground and level; lot 40x160: more land
can be had cheap; city water; close to a fine
public school and 3 churches; one block from
electric car line; this is a grand ready-made
home and one rare to find; price in all, $1500;
no fogs nor cold winds; adjoining East Oak-
land.. Call or send for clrculer. 455 Seventh
St., opposite Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riages free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$300 CASH, $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms; all conveniences;
large lot, 150 feet deep, on Fruitvale ave.: no
fogs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told, $2750: will make terms
to suit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh St.,
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
NEW homes on Telegraph ave.; Just completed;
entirely modern; 8 rooms, bath and laundry;
front and back stairs; nickel-plated plumb-
Ing; mantels, gas fixtures, lawns, cement
walks, etc.; lot 31x100; all four are of a differ-
ent style of architecture. A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate. 467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AXD\ BOARD. ;
TENTH. 672— Beautiful sunny rooms; excellent
home cooking: $20 upward: references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. 939— Floor of four nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; private residence; fine
location.
FIFTH, 253—2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms from $10 to $20; also single, from $4 up.
FOLSOM, 647— Lower part of house, complete;
piano.
GEARY, 408— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20.
GEARY, 669— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath on floor.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622—1 large room (for
housekepelng) ; gas range; folding bed; bath.
HAYES. 738— To let, 2 large unfurnished, also
2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 761«4— Nicely furnished sunny bay
window suite; kitchen: man And wife; others.
HYDE, 412— Sunny parlors & alcove suite, un-
furn. ; basement floor suitable for boarders.
LILY ave., 108—1 or 2 large unfurnished rooms;
cheap.
MISSION. 2512 — 3 or 4 rooms furnished com-
plete .for housekeeping; stove; use of bath.
OAK. 10 — Two rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing: also single rooms. ¦
! POLK, 10C2— 3 and h room suites, completely
I furnished for housekeeping. $15 up; reference.
SEVENTH, 178— Large Bunny front suite fur-
nibhed for housekpg.: yard; stationary tubs.
SEVENTH. 204— New, clean light housekeep-
ing room; folding bed; gas; kitchen; $8; refs.
TURK. 116— Furnished rooms, suitable for
_Jiousekeeping; single; transient.
TURK, 280— Newly furnished house; ' come
quick and select your rooms; very reasonable.
TURK. 123— Newly furnished rooms; fine suite,
$20; algo others; board If desired.
TWELFTH. 120-2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; select locality; private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia st. -. . . - ';.--»-
n.OO3IS TO LET— Fnrn. ana Infnrn.
AHLBORN HOTELTHTGrant ave —Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, £0c up; meals. 25c; free coach/
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeplns rooms; open all night ¦
ARLINGTON House. 112 Kearny St.— Pleasant,
sunny rooms.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
olehed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Bulldine Association
—The monthly " requiem high mass for . the
deceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association and for parents and
relatives of living members will be suns: In
St. Dominic's Church this day (Thursday),
at 9 o'clock. ' '
McQUADE— In this city, July 9, 1901, Henry
McQuade, beloved husband of Elizabeth Mc-
Quade, and father of Harry, Frank, Edward
and Rc»3 McQuade, a native of Ireland, aged
50 years.
MAGEE— In this city. July 9, 1901, John, be-
loved son of John and Lizzie Magee, grand-
son of Mr. and Mrs. Williams, and nephew
of Mrs. Edward Case and Mrs. H. R. Harri-
son, a native of San Francisco, aeed 10
months and 2S days.
|E~Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. 814 Bryant street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. ' '
MALLON— In this city. July. 9, 1901, Ella, be-
loved daughter of Eliza Mallon, and sister
of John.'. Mamie.'. Aloyslus and Edward-Mal-
lon and Brothers Vellesian and Gregory.
(C~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
'dence, 651 Geary street, thence to St. Mary s
Church (Paullst fathers), where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated at 9:30 o clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland....;.
MATHESON— July 9, 1901, Louis, beloved hus-
. band of Fredricka Matheson, father of Karen
Matheson,. and brother of Thomas, Hans and
Marias Matheson, a native of Denmark,
aged 42 years fi months and 17 days.
. (CTFriends and acauaintancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell ' street, near Post. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-
MURRAY— In Anaconda, Mont., July . 6, 1901,
Kittle, beloved wife of the late William Mur-
ray, a native of New York.
SHEPHARD— Reburial of the remains of
Mary. John F. and Alfred Shephard on Sat-
urday, July n, at 12 o'clock, in Holy Cross
Cemetery in the mausoleum of Alfred Shep-
hard. Requiem mass at 9- o'clock in the
Chuich of the Holy Redeemer. Friends are
cordially Invited.
SILVIA— In this city, July 10, 1901, George,
beloved son of Constantine and Palmyra Sil-
via, a native of San Francisco, ased 6
months and 23 days.
SWEENEY- In Anaconda, Mont., July 6, 1901,
Luke, beloved brother of John Sweeney, an.l
nepl-ew of Mrs. P. J. Silk, a native of the
parish of Caltra, County Gal way, Ireland,
aged 23 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his aunt. Mrs. P. J. Silk; 15 Hampton
place, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn.requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his bouI, commencing .at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cros3 Cemetery.
WATERBURY— In Lorin, July 9, 1901, Sarah
. J.', beloved wife of George A., and mother
of Geoore, Frank, Ruth May Belle Eliza-
beth, Irvine and Charlotte Waterbury, a na-
tive of St. Louis, Mo., need 46 years 8
months and 1 day. (Papers please copy.)
IT_rFuneral from her late residence this
day (Thursday), * at 10 o'clock. Cremation
I. O. O. F. Cemetery..
KTFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Frldry), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
• pany. 1209 Mission - street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. Anthony's Church,
Army street, near Folaom. where mass will
be celebrated for the repose of hia soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦ -
HARKNESS— In this city. July 10, 1901, Dr.
Harvey Wilson HarknesH. a native of Pel-
ham, Mass., aged 80 years 1 month and 15
• days.
[CTFuneral services on Saturday next. July
13, at 11 o'clock, at the chacel of Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
KAMLADE— In this city, July 8, 1901, Milton
J., beloved «on of Fred and Mamie ! Kam-
lade, - brother of ¦ ¦ Madeline and Raymond
Karolade, and grandson of Mrs. B. Cullinar
and Fred and Jane Kamlade. a native of San
Francisco, aged S years 9 months and 11
days.
(CTFrlends and acauaintanceB are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thurtday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 3ft Gilbert street, between Bryant,
and Brannan. . Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KAUFMANN— July 10, 1901, Jonas, beloved
father of William Kaufmann of San Fran-
cisco ¦ and Clara Kaufmann of Stuttgart,
Germany, a native of Halnstadt. Baden,
Germany, < aged 64 years.
(pTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this • day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at 2021 Sacramento street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 3:30
. o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
LANGSTADTER— In Los Angeles, July 7, 1901,
Meyer Langstadter, beloved husband of Ruth
Langstadter and son of Seligman and Jean-
net te Langstadter, and brother of Isaiah 8.,
Daniel, Cecelia, Pauline, Adeline and Lillie
Langstadter, a native of San Francisco. (New
York papers please copy.)
CFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1460 O'Farrell street. Interment Home
of Peace. Cemetery, by 11:30 o'ejock train
from Third, and Townsend streets.
LE CONTE— In Yosemite, July 6, 1901, Pro-
f essor Joseph Le Conte, beloved husband of
Caroline E. Le Conte and father of Mrs.
Farish Furman, Mrs. R. M. Davis and Car-
rie and Joseph N. Le Conte, a native of
Georpia, aged 78 years 4 months and 10 days.
ICTThe funeral services will be held
this day (Thursday), at 3 o'clock, at Hearst
Hall, Colleee avenue, near Bancroft way,
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
LITTLEFIELD— In this city, July 7, 190L Mrs.
Olive M. Littlefleld, beloved mother of Elea-
nor A. Littlefleld. a native of Southingrton,
Conn., aged 86 years. ,
LYONS— Near Mountain View, July 10, 1901,
Hanora Lyons, beloved wife of the late Pat-
rick Lyons, and mother of Maggie, Lizzie,
Katie, Nora, Julia, Mollle, Frank and Nel-
lie Lyons, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
MCDEVITT— In this city, July 8, 1901, at, his
residence, 4020 Twenty-third street, Peter,
beloved husband of Mary McDavitt, and
father of William S. McDevitt, a native of
Ireland, aged 76 years.
fCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thurcday). _t 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4020 Twenty-third street, thence to
St. James Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencins'at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
• IDTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 044 Mission street.- Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GREGORY— In this city, July 9, 1301, at her
residence, southwest . corner of Haight and
Pierce streets, Elizabeth Walton -Gregory,
beloved mother of Mrs. John H. Goodrich
•and Mrs. Adelaid : M. Marks, a native of
. Cumberland, England, aged 91 years and 9
months. ' . '
ETTriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HAHN— In this city, July 9, 1901. John Hahn,
formerly of Cotati, Sonoma County, .Cal.,
dearly beloved husband of Lena Hahn. be-
loved father of ' Anton, Joseph and Peter
¦ Hahn, and stepfather of Maria Moser. a na-
tive of. Germany, a*ed 50 years 5 months ana
22 days. A member of St. Paulus Society.
a native of New York City; aged 65 years.
and the late 'William C. and < Mary ¦ Fullard.
RAILWAY T_tAV__. ;
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
. \ Dally 1 * I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" 'Merced ... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•• Visalia .. 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakersrid 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"Kans. Cy 2:40a 7:30a
-" Chicago..... 2:15p 9:00p
i a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlninsc
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. - No second-class
tickets honored' on this train." Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. t ls Stockton and Fresno locaL
¦ Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist- Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago;
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts- out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives- at
•' 6:55 p. m» daily. .
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Of flees— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Parry.
Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. *9:30.. 11:00 a. .-_.,
12:45, »1:45. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA -TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, /Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. on.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, •3:00, •10:00, U:00,« 11:30
a. m., 12:45, «-l:30, 2:30, »3:45. 5:00, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK ' DAYS — »5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. m., *12:25, 1:15, 2:20,- *3:35.- 4:40,' 5:30 p.m.
EXTRA TKIPS' on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. ¦
•¦ SUNDAYS— 6:15, *S:00. 9:45, •11:00 a. m., *li
m., 1:00. 2:15, *3:30, .4:30, *5:45, 6:45, 7:30, 10:10
p. m. . . '
. Trains marked (•)" start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55, 8:55.. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45. 2:45. 3:E0, 5:10, 5:20 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15.
1:20, 2:30, 3:45. 5:00, 6:15, 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
." THROUGH TRAINS. T
' 6:53 a. rn. week days— Cazadero and way sta-~
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - •
5:25 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
¦ 10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' VU 8»a»»Uio Ferry— root of Market St.
8:00*. M.V f 12:15 p. M.
9:1)0*. M. 1:15 p.m.
10*0 A. M.-l ' RtTNDAYa J 8=30 *• *•
1130 a; M.f.—"" 8 ™."""' 1 <*) p.m.
130 P. M. j 6:50 P. M.
2— Op. m.J . -,-, 7:10p.m.'
. . . Para. Su Prsnofaoo to Simmlt and Katvrn. Il.t*
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. _ Sansalito Ferrf. .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6_9 EEABNT ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of I'rlvute
Disease.*, Lost Munbood. DehlMt.r or
disf-asc wearlnrnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnres when'
others fail. Try him. . fharges low.-
<iirr>eanranleed. Cullorwrit*'
l>r. J. JF. OIBBOW. Jsau Francisco. DO. ~ ' * J
MPSICA— I XSTnU"g^" Jf^ — Co "j:
TWO tjprtrht pianos left on *wle; Fisher, J95;
Chickering. JIS;. Room 38. 217 Geary Et.
GOOD f-eeond-hand upright for eale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St.
.A FPLENDID Steinway; uprights. J100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRL'EXX. 208 Post st.
fSO— FIXE upright: baby prand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of swond-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORXUXG'S, 216 McAllister.
3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., SCO Hayes st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Mc-
AIMster st.
ST'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America.— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
_S PACIFIC st.— Handsome, large Etore. cheap;
also 810 Sansome, store $6 per month.
23 CLEMENTINA— Store and 4 large, pleasant
rooms; large yard; cheap rent; key upstairs.
LIGHT, cheerful offices; $15 and $20. Emma
gpreckels building. S27 Market st.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of olV land In nine
districts. Offlce. ?3 and It Merchants" Ex.
OIL tanks, eeco-nd hand. In good order; all
c!~s; cheap. H. S. WHITE, S16 Mission st.
PAIKTERS AXD DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, reli-
able work. Clark's. SOS Larkin : tel. Larkin 1060.
PERSONALS.
A— EFWORTH Leaguers' downtown meeting
place at the Bon-Ton at 324 Post St.. near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
• facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything; free. Manicuring, hairdressing or
baths, 25c. All visitors welcome.
A — IF you hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DJt. G. S. MOORE. 483 Geary st-. and you
¦will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
part? of the world; call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light In, every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et., near Market: 700 rooms:
25o to $150 per night; 1150 to J6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
tl "WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up: fine dress suits, ?20 up: ele-
frant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Et., between Seventh and Eighth.
"WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTIXG
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton 6t.. near Broadway.
HIGH-CLASS violin lessons; agreeable method
for beginners. ANTOINE MEDER, 320 Van
JCess ave.
SPANISH lessons riven by a native Spanish
teacher. 112 McAllister Bt.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J.Sllverman, 2S4 Folsom;tel. Folsom 1131.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gTay
hair to its natural color: Jl; at all druggists.
POISCX oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes eu
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. HIS Sutter st.
TAILOR made suits, $7 50: dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. R. JEN'KEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2oc; all druggists.
1 A \VEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
¦ . IB pages, in wrapper for tnalllr.tr. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, ecientific palmist: head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st. ¦
1I5IE. GERMAIXE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 936 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PHYSICrAXS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. CDOXXELI— Offlce and residence",
1C21 Market Ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
CR. WOXG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WOXG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. : see testimonials at office.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over CO names of prominent business men
pent as reference; no chloroform. Eurgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Call
offlce. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE CITY— POR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Barralns In Sunset. Be* them at once.
Eu_et Branch Office, 9th ave., near H st.
J5C0 to $300 each— Graded and sewered; build-
Ing up fast; Euperb view of park and ocean;
{10 month ly.
tlCO, $150, $200 to $350— Choicest ocean boule-
vard lots, ready to build on; {5 monthly.
STS, $100 to $250 — Level lota near Miselon-rt.
cars: friend id bargains, for choice homes; J5
monthly.
J CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS.
J $400 to $800— We never fall to suit; on cholc-
' est streets; on very easy terms.
tlOOO, $1330. $2000 to $3500— Elegant cottages In
Richmond, Sunset and Mission districts; all
bargains; on Installments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
54 Chronicle building.
REAL ESTATE— -COUNTRY — For Sale
A RANCH. ALAMEDA CO., SACRIFICED.
__Z • ¦'- '¦ '
Eighty acres, one of the prettiest, profitable
little ranches above Liv»»rmore, In this county;
five minutes' walk to railroad station; good Im-
provements; over 100 tons hay this year; plenty
cf fruit; recent owner for several years has
made good living and money to loan; old age
required his "trading It for Income city property;
present owner, unable to occupy ranch, has or-
dered It sold at any sacrifice; horses, wagon,
chickens; fruit; about 100 tons of hay; all Im-
plements; the best ranch proposition In Califor-
nia; close to market; present owner allowed
S5000 for it one week ago; new flat mortgage of
$1500 can remain; our instructions are to obtain
*n Immediate offer: fullest investigation so-
licited ; only a few hours from San Francisco-
don't come unless you mean business.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
460-4C2 Eighth St.. C Utland.
BARGAIX— 50-a ere farm near the town of
Plf-aFanton. Alamwia County: all level land-
. house, barn. etc. : a good home place and very
<-hoar>: prire ?40C0; *asy terms if desired. II
II. CKAXE, 508 California st.
FOR SALE.
BARGAIN- IN* SUBURBAN HOME.
Eran<i ' new artistic 2-story and basement
house of 8 rooms, porcelain bath, furnace, etc..
It. Ross Valley, at Pan Ar>seimo, with magni-
. fic-nt view of Mount Tamilpais; only 5 min-
utes' walk from Ftation; lot 100x221; price only
J3000. Apply to O. D. BALDWIN _ SON, 22
Montgomery st., or to station master at San
Anselmo.
U ACRE?. Alameda County. 20 miles from this
city; all level land; abundant water supply;
Al Improvements: near R. R. and town;
price J4W0, or might exchange for good Oak- ]
U>r.d property-of equal value. II. H. CRANE. '
MS California fit.
tSOfr— A RARE chance to secure a farm or stock
runrh ; 220 acres unequaled grazing Govern-
ment land on county road in Humboldt Coun-
ty. <:&1. : 3 horses. 4 cows; fine young stock;
hoiiFe end outbuildings on place: spring
¦water. Further particular*. 6ee SETTLER,
mcho Houpe. 8C314 Market st. ,
FOCLTRY and dairy ranrhes for sale; write for
free list. C. K. WIN'FIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
MILL VALI.-V lt_AL JSSTA'l'K.
FOR cale— 2-story house. 3 large rooms and
liath; completely furnished; within 5 min-
utes of Mill VsMey station; lot 123x27 front on
•treet and 75 feet in rear; windmill and
tenk, stable, chicken and pigeon house:
Mkrds all wired; buggy; garden tools of
great variety.
tlZOO cash if taken Immediately.
$500 can remain on mortgage.
S. X. ROBERTS, Real Estate,
Mill Valley. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
"WILL EXCHANGE— For suburban property
Y eround the bay or San Jos*, one of the finest
\ 'corners on Eleventh St., In Oakland. ZOxl-J)
' ft. lot; 12-room house; value $8006. Want a
cheaper property and cash balance. Box 4136.
c&u
SPECIAL NOTICES. •
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan . Asylum ¦ and
Home Society hereby gives notice .that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1, 1901. to June 30. 1901. the j following
named orphans and half drphans, > boys and
girls: Lillian Wolf, aged 8 yrs. 2 mos. ; Hat-
' tie Wolf, 13 yrs. 1 mo.; Arthur Wolf, 5 yrs.
6 mo3. ; Augusta Smith, .10 yrs. 10 mos. ; Rosa
Blalne, 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Max Snloker, 6 yrs.
9 mos. ; Tsldor Shloker, 5 yrs. 9 mos. : Hen-
rietta Shloker. 4 yrs. 4 mos. ; Altai Cohen, if
yrs. 5 mos. ; Annie Cohen, 5 yrs. 11 mos. : Lil-
lian Cohen, 10 yrs. 4 mos. ; Ruby Cohen, 7 yrs.
7 mos. ; Esther Schwarzberg, 4 yrs. 1 . mo. ;
Estella Miller, 11 yrs. 11 mos. ; George J.
Miller. 10 yrs. 4 mos. ; Rose Shapeero. 9 yrs.
9 mos.; Ellas Shapeero. 7 yrs. 3 mos.; David
I Shapeero,- 5 yrs. 11 mos.: Ezra Shapeero, 3
yrs. 10 mos. ; Abe Kampinsky, 8 yrs. 1 mo.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, 520 Lake St., San Francisco, has
¦ received the following orphans and half or-
phans— girls— from April 1 to July 1, 1901:
Bertha Koepp. 3 years 5 months; Pauline 01-
¦ Een. 9 years 10 months; Florence E. Reed, 7
years 2 months; Sadie Chapman, 9 year* 7
months; LoraE. Williams, 1 year 6 months;
Alice Monahan, 1 year 7 months; Grace Lavll-
' Ian, 10 years 5 months; Julia Voss, 11 years 3
months; Floria Voss, 7 years; Constance M.
Henry, 7 years 11 months: Genta Fishburn, 8
years"; Violet M. Bishop, 11 years 11 months;
Gladys W. ' Bishop. 9 years 4 months.. -
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
•' CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
MENTAL and nervous ' diseases -will be i ac-
cepted at hospital. 230 Douglass St., S. F.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; openeven^jphoneBlackllKZOSjUh.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. \
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 23 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company,' 327 Market street, on
and after Monday, July 15, 1901. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday, July 9, 1901, at
3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Sec.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93 (twenty
cents i per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be' payable at the
office of the company,- 327 Market street, on
and after Saturday, July, 20, 1901. Transfer
books will close on Saturday, July 13, 1901, at
12 o'clock noon. E. H. SHELDON, Sec.
DIVIDEND notice— The Contra Costa Water
Company; a dividend. No. 190, of forty-two
cents (42c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has ¦ been de-
clared, payable at the offlce of the company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, on July 15, 1901. Transfer books
close July 5, 1901. at 3 p. m. •
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the board of directors of this bank, held July
2, 1S01, a dividend was declared for the half
year ending June 30, 1901, at the- rate of 7 per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th inst. Transfer .books .will be closed
from the 7th to the 15th inst. both days in-
clusive. GEORCE GRANT. Secretary.
MAEEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
; yesterday: \
1 Francis M. Ballard, 26, Belvedere, and Eliza-
beth C. Irwin, 18, Belvedere. . '¦" ;
William H. Means, 30, Holllster, and Delia
Coyne, 27, Oakland.
' George Peterson, 3S, 1004B Golden Gate ave-
nue, ar;d Margarita Bates, 28; Salle. --
Frar.R Cassassa. 23, , 5i::A Union street, -and
Celia McAndrews. 23, 7H Broadway. .
Albert E. Brown, 22, 22S Filbert street, and
Kittle Vahey. 22. 210 Greenwich street.
Theodore C. Schwerin, 21, Vicitacion, and
Kate A. McCarthy, 18, 237 San Jose avenue.
Max Rudoloh, 29, i 775 Mission street, and
Elizabeth Lacksmann, 23, 242 Minna street.
William A. Henderson, 26, 1014 Powell street,
and Viola M. Sullivan, 22,. 1955 Pine street.
Karl P. Kaartlnen. 30. Eureka, and Ida
V . r ehl<amakl, 28, 347 Fourth street.
Lee Tin Yet, 29, Marysville, and Chew Shee
Wong, 31. 912 Washington street.
"births-marriages-deaths.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
DITTMAR— In this city.* July 2,' 1001, to the
wife, of R. P. Dittmar. a son.
FULLER-In this city.. July .9, 1901, to the wire
of Frank W: Fuller/, a son.
LORIXG— In this citiv tojdne wife. of "W..G.
Loving, a • daughter.
BOSENBLOUGH- In this city. July. 7, 1901. to
the wife of HL'RosenblouKh, a son.
rORTER— In this city,'. July 3, 1901, to the
wife of J. W. Porter, . a son. ,.
MARRIED.
EGGERS— SACHi5-In . this city, July 4, 1901,
by the Rev. Hermann ' Gehrcke, Ferdinand
H. Egsers and Frida Sachs, both of San
Francisco. ,. .
HENNIG— RAUER— In this' city, July 10, 1901,
by the Rev." Hermann Gehrcke, Otto A. Hen-
riig and Natalie A. Rauer, both of San Fran-
clsco. ... '
_____
Atwater, Edwin L. Le Conte. Prof. Jos.
Brown, Edna M. ' Littlefleld, Mrs. Olive
Byrnes, Margaret Lyons, Hanora .
Buttimer, John . McDevitt, Peter
Chattleton, Mrs. G. McQuade, Henry
Cou"hlen, Jame% J. . Maree, John
Fullard, Hannah S. .Mallon. Ella
Fazackerley, Sarah JB. Matheson, Louis ,
Gregory, Elizabeth Murray, Kittle
Hahn, John Shephard.Mary. John
- Harkness, Dr. H. W. F. and Alfred
Kamlade, ' Milton J. Silvia, George
Kaufmann, Jonas „ Sweeney, Luke'
Langstadter, Meyer Waterbury, Sarah J.
ATWATER— In Mexico, June 29, 1901, Edwin
L., son of Helen M. and the late Henry M.
Atwater, and. brother of . Mrs. James W.
Cochrane and Mrs. Jennie E. Ablea, a na-
tive of New York, aged 27 years, (New York
paper3 please copy.) ¦ .
BROWN— In this city. July 10. 1901, Edna M.,
beloved wife of J. A. Brown, and mother of
J. A. Brown Jr., a native of San Francisco,
aged -21 years 6 months and 21 days.
BYJINES— In this city, July 10, 1901, Margaret,
relict of the late Patrick Byrnes, a native, of
Kings County," Ireland, aged 75 years.
[C^"The funeral' will take place to-morrow
> (Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 36 East avenue (Holly Park), thence to
St. John's Church (Old St. Mary's College),
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BUTTIMER— In this city, July 9, 1901, John,
beloved husband of Ebina Buttimer, father
of May and John Buttimer, and brother of
¦ Andy and Dennis Buttimer, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 46 years. A mem-
ber of Valley Lodge No. SO, A. O. U. W.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Valley Lodge No. 30, A.- O. U.
W., are invited to attend the funeral of the
late John Buttimer at above time and place.
• By order of the ' W: . M.
THOMAS H. LORD, Recorder.
CHATTLETON— In' Pinole, Contra Costa
County, July 8, 1901, Mrs. Georgina Chattle-
ton, wife of John -F. Chattleton, daughter of
- Mrs. , Masrdalena Gomez, and sister of J. H.
and Arthur Gomez, a native of Pinole, aged
16 years 7 months and 14 days.
ET'The funeral of the late iGeorgina Chat-
tleton will take place from the family resi-
dence in Pinole this day (Thursday), at •
8:30 o'clock, thence to San Francisco by 10:05
train from Pinole. ; Interment will take place
at CyDress Lawn Cemetery.
COUGHLEN— In this city, July 10, 1901, James
J., beloved son of John and the late ' Mar-
garet Coughlen, and brother of John Cough-
len ard Mrs. W.' E. Coe, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years.
\ IE7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
FAZACKERLEY— In this city, July 9, 1901,
Sarah B., widow of the late Joseph E. Fa-
zackerley, a native of St. Louis, aged 49
years. • .
ICTThe ¦ funeral will take place from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first, .thence to 6t. James Church,
. corner Twenty-third and Guerrero . streets
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
-?¦ brated for the repose of her aoul this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
FULLARD— In this city, July 10. 1901, Han-
nah' S.; relict of the late William Fullard,
and beloved mother of Mrs. Agnes Norwood
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Fla'nnagan & Gallagher >
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. "
' Telephone South , 80.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st, bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.- ..
FONEBit, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
_ '^. Finest •Eaulpment at Moderate Rates. '
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unlnrn.
CLIFFORD] 204 EliisT "cor."' Mason^ElegfTntly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths;
MRS. KfNG. Turk and Taylor.
HARRISON, 784V4, rear 4th— Finely furnished
rooms: bath, all conveniences; homelike; $1
week up. j
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary st.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel: electric lisht and elevator; 'un-
- questionably the most luxuriously ¦ furnished
in the city; steam heat; private baths; one
blcck from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European' plan).' 24 Turk
Bt., near Market — Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
£0c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references.
HOWARD, 030— Boston House; rocms 10c, 15c,
25c per night; new management; transient.
HYDE, 293— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath.
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LAURA- House, 930% Mission— Rooms to let.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET, 1725, nr. Valencia— Single room,
suitable for gentleman, $1 per . week.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly 'urnished
bay-window room, $l'per week; transient.
OCTAVIA. 1259, cor. O'Farrell— Furnished front
rooms, single or en suite; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms- and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POWELL., 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies-' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 50;. week, $2 to
* $8; month, $8 to J30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Bt..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished/-
SHOTWELL, 227, nr. 17th — 2 or 3 sunny rooms
to let, unfurnished, upper flat.
SIENA House and saloon, 410-412 Broadway-
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms In' lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
STEVENSON, 535^^— Furnished rooms to let.
TAYLOR, 106— Sunny rooms, $1 25 a week up;
transient, < 25c and 50c per day. _J
VAN NESS ave.. 161?— Elegant sunny alcove;
also room, newly furnished; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaH branch offlce. 2200 FHlmore.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland ; unsurpassed family tab'e. 25c per
meal; fi per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103V4 Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland. \
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
-THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — By 2 young ladies, room and board
. In private family; convenient to business dis-
trlct. Box 43S2. Call.
ROOMS WAXTED.
"WANTED — Small housekeeping rooms,' fur-
nished; coal stove; must be clean and cheap.
Box 4439, Call. -
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES,
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving- Co.,
offlce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
i BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
I tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fill more St.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREATBARG^ix^lN^TYrawmfER&^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter :
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266. j
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4SS5.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of intention to lease seawall lot No.-
15 and portions of seawall lot No. 14 — Offlce of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco,
Cal., July 5, 1901: Sealed proposals or bids
will be received at this offlce at 2:30 o'clock
p. m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901, for leasing
all of ' the seawall lot No. 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. 14, described and
Inclosed by metes and bounds, as follows, \
viz.: Commencing at the intersection of the
northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Broadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, . thenca
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of East street one hundred (100)
- feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees 30 min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (191.85 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point In the southerly line of Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the Intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo street with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis street two hundrd and seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to the" point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the Intersection
. of the northerly line of Broadway with the
¦westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 ; feet) : thence running
northerly at a right angle to the northerly
line of Broadway to the intersection with
westerly line of East street; thence running
southerly along the westerly line of East
street to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities In connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
said Board of State Harbor ommlssioners,
its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used are to consist solely In. of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be made and executed and the loading, un-
loading, hauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon and the construction,
maintenance and operation of the usual fa-
cilities therefor — the hauling and switching of
euch cars to, from and on said premises to be
' done and performed only by the said board.
Its successor or successors, the lessee to pay
for such hauling and switching the regular
" rates established for such service by or un-
der the authority of law or by said boara, its
successor or successors; such payment to be
in addition to the rental to be paid for the
lease of such property. Said bid must state,
among other' things, the purpose for which
said premises will be used. A statement of
the bid will be embodied in the lease award-
ed given and executed with a statement and
covenant that the property shall, be used sole-
ly for such purpose. The board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids. Bl-ink forms
on which bids may be made can be secured
from the secretary of this board at his of flee
in the building aforesaid, and the bidders are
requested to use the same. Said lease shall
contain proper terms and co-tenants to protect
the parties thereto. Said property will be
leased to the higheEt and best bidder.
PARIS KILBURN.
RUDOLPH HEROLD JR.. ¦
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
BonrtJ of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
WM. D. 1 ENGLISH, Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California— Probate
—In the matter of the est»t» of WILLIAM
H. ATERS, deceased. Notice for publication'
of time appointed for probate of will, c. C.
P.. Sec. 1303. Notice Is hereby, given, ' that
Tuesday, the sixteenth day of July, A. D
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, and the
courtroom of Department No. 9' of said court
at the New City Hall, in the city and county
of San Francisco. 'State of California. . have
been appointed as the time and place for
proving the will of said WILLIAM H.
AYERS. ' deceased, and for- hearing the ap- '
plication of Katie Myers Ayers for the is-
suance to her of letters testamentary thereon
(Seal.) WILLIAM A. DEANE. Clerk.
¦ By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Dated July 3, A. D. 1901.
HENRY C. McPIKE. .
i:VV- »¦>-"•-¦ i'"' ¦ ¦ •* Attorney for Petitioner.
PROPOSALS. ~~~
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Waeh., July 6, laOl— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., August 6, 1901, and then opened, for
. lurnlshing forage and bedding at the sev-
eral military posts in this department, and at
camp at Skaguay, Alaska, and Fort Liscum
(Port Valdez), Alaska, for fiscal year ending
June 30, 1902. Information furnished here or. by
quartermasters at posts. , United ?. States
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
proposals or any part theeof. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should be marked: • "Pro-.
poeals for Forage and Bedding at " and
addreEsed to the undersigned. J. W. ¦ JA-
v co_s, c. q. ai. r; K : : 2 v
RAILWAY TSAVEL.
Folders Tell all
About Them.
Call at this office and
ask the ticket agent for |
a folder descriptive of
the Burlington Over-
land Excursions. It
contains a map of the
United States, time
tables, illustrations of £
the exterior and the in-
terior of. Burlington
tourist sleeping cars, as
weli as a great deal of \
information likely to if
be, of value to persons jj
contemplating an east-
ern trip. I t's free, of
course. ; I
The Burlington Overland Excur-
sions leave San Francisco Tues-
days and Thursdays — Omaha,
Chicago. Kansas City, Si. Xouis—
EVERYWHERE East.
li»~?*«jtt|j] "^ *-*• Sanborn,
yi^M*Q*ra| Ticket office,
iiP^limm^i 6st Markc£ Scrcrt »
jSSSBaC£K-gi San Francisco.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trnln* l«-i»»«" nml nrf> Hn— •» iirrU" »«
:• . > MAJM Fit %N«:IN< O.
(Kaln Line. Foot of Market Street)
lkave — From Jcxt lfi. 1901. ' — axmti
¦J:Ql>A Bunicia. Suiauo, lilmira. VacaiU'e, .
' Kumaey aud .iacr;iuien to ......... 6:S3r
7 «3O a M tttiiiez. Situ lUuiou. Valtejo. Na j>v I
CalUt«K&aiHl.SiMiut Uosa *t:23r
S.O«A Darta. Woodland; KaigHU Laudlac •• .
MarjBTille. «>ro«iSl«.. T:3^r
K:OWa AMautiu Kx press— Ogrien sod Baat 12:23r
Hino K X lies. L ithrojj, Stockton « i2> 1
HtOOx Niles, MeudoU, Haulord. VUilia, ..
Portsrrille 4:33»
• •**«» A Sbftdta Kxprcas— Davte. Yt iUiama (fo»
Bartlett Spring*).' WlUowa. ttod '
BlulT, PorUand. 7:»»r -
*i3«a flail Jose, Livermore, .Stockton, '¦
lone, .Sacramento. 1'licerrilie,
MarynTilltt. Chico. lte.l MliilT 4:23r
RiSOa Oakdair, Chinese (Yoaemlt«). 80-
nor*. Carters 4<33p
IIiMa Hayward. Milra aud Way StaUeua.. • I:M»
»<U«>a. Vallejo I9t33l
U:II«a Los AnRere* . Express — Marttnes. I '•
Tracy, Lathrop, Miookton, Meroeti
.. ¦ ' „ Fr«nMo *iul I.03 AruoVs ?i23p .
Uslio* Vallf-Jo. Martinez 1.1.. I Way SUttona 3:ft3r
I UiO»a The OrexUiiit limited— Ogdeii. Uou-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago ej-iSp
fliOOr Sacramento Ki»or .Slem>i«ra. ....... (3:O»A -
3;30p Haywurd. Nib-SMid Way HUtioua.. 7:33?
. . <liO«r Itt-iiicla, Winters. Hacrrtinenlo,
VVoo.llanJ, Kniulila lauding.
M»ry»»i!lp, Orovilla •»»:•»*
4>O«p Martinex. Man lUiuon. Vallejo.
Nairn. »!«liatoKH, Suntn Ko«* »i2.1a
4i00p Nile*, Lirsriaore. Stock tin. Lo-li... 12 *?>t
4<;ii>i- Hsywird, Milen. Han .l<mt\ Lirtrmors t "»'-"*•">*
4i3»p Port Cos a. Tiocy. Lathrop. Stnektun I«*:23a
3:U«rTlw Owl Limited— FifBiiii. TuUre,
H*keratieM. Hangns for 8»nta> Bar-
bars, I<us AnKnle* 8:33* •
3:t»0p Martin- z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 12:23*
S:O«p Yoseaiite ." -¦-. 12 s a3»>
; - 3<3Or Hew Orleans- ._xpre»a — Mendot*. . , ,
Fresno.. Bakerstteid. Lea AogeJea, .,"..» '.\
. .;¦ D.ming, El. l'jwo. New . Otleao*. : •
and East ~.*-1&*k -
* «:<»<>» Haywaril, Nilea ami Kan Jose. 7:53* '
J«:O»r Vallojo........ _....... — -."..."•.• H— 3*'
I HiOOr Oriental M—t-Ogtleu. Cheyenne. - ..
Omaha, Cbfc»gt> l*_3p- "
•i«Op Oriental Mail-Ogu_, Denver,
St. Loni». Chicago. 4:»3r
. 7:00p Oregon ami California Mii.rcM.Saa. ;
ran. nut... MaryHtillr. UimI.Uhk.
' . ru.tUu.l. rntet Hu 1 nml Kail 8:3**
M.oarSan Pablo. r..« Uoata. MutiaH
and Way Stations 11j*3a
t<iO3r ValN-Jo. , 7;53y
COAST LINE <!Urr«m U»ng«). :
(Kootot Market Street.) r
1? *43a Santa Cruz Kxcurs 00 to Hants Una
and Prmc p«l Way Sutl.ns ;S:03r
81 1 3 a NeiT*jrk,C';iik«rvlllr,.Saii .lirnu, KVI ton,
Boulder Creek..8anta Unix ami Way .
Htatlmia ».., 3_<»P
t*« t»p Newark. Oenler<ill«v Kau .loae, Nnw . ~
_!ma<Ieu, r«(U>u, Ibmldar «,'re»t. ; ~
— SanU Crux ami rrluclpal W»; -
• 8tnlloi.« ......;.......,! l»»3»*
4> 1 3r Newark, Mut'Jmie, r.niG*fns....... ?«?:.¦»«?»
e t»13p 01»nwood;Bcmld«rCre^r.8— itaCrna «»:>«**
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS mSCUCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8>—
MM 9:00 11:00a.M. 1:03 3:30 5:15ru.
?r._0iIU»D— NU.rJri.dw.j.— 1«:00 ts.00 13:01
10:00*. m. 12:00" g:B3 1:03 r.w.
COAST lilXK (Kroail (JangA).
(Third and Tournftaml Sta.) ' "
«:IOa S*q Joaeand Way SUtiuDS, OiSwp
47:«OA M_i Jnn»»d Way.SUth.ua ls»»»
/7t«»A New Almaritm / -itlOp
17 j:ioa Sunday Excursion for San J< t e.
, • • , HanU Crux. P*ciQc Orore and
» Principal Way Butioo*. IStSOr
S<O»A Man .!«>»«. Trea Pimm. Hunta i 'rn*.
Paciflc lltotf, falims. San Ln_
Ob'spo, Santa Barbara aiut Priu-
dp<U intermedUte MUtl.>na 7>3«p
10s30aS_ Jcseaud Way8Uiiouk -IzlOp j
llt8OA Han Joan niui Way SUt Ions Si.IOp
t*:-l.1» Ban Mat™. Itmlirom!, Meulo Park.
' Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ha.-i.lnaa. '
Trea Phioa. HanU <:r.ix. Saliiiaa, t
MontelBjr and I'aeilic IIr.i»e |in>43*
Hi3»p HanJoieaml Way Statlona C:3»A
HitSr San Josean.l Principal Way SUUoix a;IJ»
f3t«0r San Jo**, Loa Gatos and Principal
Way rotations - t»»«*»
St3«p San Jose anil Principal Way .Stations 8>3«a .
OtttOp RMwoid, San Jow>. Gilny. Salinas.
Sftnt-% Barbara, Lo* Acffples...... 1O:OOa
SiOOp Del Monte. Monterey, Pacific Grove,
IXHCPOC 1O;OO*
«!»Op San Jose and Way fHatlona „. f»:«H»*
all:43p San JoBeand Way SUtinna - 7».1OT
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tHunday excepted. ! Snndnjr ou!y.
aSattirdny only. • Montliy.
- e Satnrday ant Bnnilay. /Twdayw and Frldaf.
GALIFORHIi RORTHIESTEM RY. Ga
- LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market SI
San Francisco to San Rafael.
VEEK • DAYS-7.30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5U
¦ and ll:3o p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3.K»
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
ban Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— €:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;.U:>3,
. 3:40, 5:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i»
and K:35 p. m. . . >
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:06.«6:25 p. m. ' •
¦~ r . Leave I In Effect j Arrlre
San Francisco. [April Z8. 1901-1 San Franclaco.
Week » Sun- I } Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Deatinatlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 amt S:00 ana Novato. 10:40 am! 8:40 am
'3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaruma. 6:05 pmilO:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
I ¦ Fulton.
7:»a_ Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 5:00- pm! Hopland- - |10:40 am|10:25 an
3:30 pm| 8:00 am} and Ulciah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
"•30 ami 1 J 1 10:40 am 110:25 am
• [8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| [6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:1» am( 8:40 am
¦ ¦ ' and » j
5:10 pm 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm| 6:20 pm
"¦30 am! 8-00 ami. - 110: »0 am [10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5rt)0 pmj Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprlnga and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Gey=ervllle for 1 Skagga Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at "Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprines, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Eay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for -Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs,' Upper Lake/ Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's.' Riverside, Lierley"8. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. HuHvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, fort Braxg. West-
port, Usal. Wlllita. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. • - ' .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced- rates.
On ' Sunday ' round ' trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlce. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
Buildins.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
' Gen. 1 Manager. Cien. Pass. Agt.
Weekly Tall; $1' per^YeafSome Union Cards I*eft.
Quite a number of union -restaurants have
Shut Off Meat Supply.
¦When the Journeymen Butchers' Union dis
tributed the j union meat card I to Insure Us
members of the permanency of the shorter
work day recently gained and to 'stop the dis
charge of its members for the only reason that
they were members of the union, the boss
butchers shut off the meat from butcher shops
displaying the union card: The Rtrlke- thus
forced ur>on the journeymen resulted disas
trously to the Butchers' Union. Ths odds on
the sid; of the employers were too great. The
Butchers' Union thus jveakened, the boss
butchers went back to their old game. They
issued the ukase that no more meat shall be
sold to restaurants displaying the union' card.
The y are enforcing this ukase to the beat of
their ability. Interviews had by committees
of the Labor Council ' with Rodolph . of • Miller
& Lux, with H. Moffat and H. Levy, repre
senting the wholesale butchers. and holding the
key to the situation by controlling the meat
Rupply. proved futile. These men were fully
Informed of the conditions existing in the res
taurants and what the success. of their policy
meant to the several thousand men and women
compelled to work in restaurants of this city.
But Mr. Rodolph of Miller & Lux, the heavy
man, in the committee, cared, nothing for the
mi«*fy»/ind degradation of these unfortunates.
The t ollowlnr circular letter, dated July 1,
was sent to the boss butchers of this city;
"Dear Sir: Please take notice that.it haa been
determined by ' the "Wholesale Butchers and
the Jobbers* and Retailers' Association of . San
Francisco to end the strife between restaurant
proprietors of San Francisco and place all on
a footing of equality. It has been deemed ad
visable ! that they . all should remove their
union cards. You are requested to discon
tinue doing business, with such establishments
as refuse to accede to this demand. By order
of executive committee."
Right from the start of this fight the boss
butchers .were prepared to come into it by
shutting off meat from union restaurants, for
in j-pitc of the attitude of the Employers' Asso
ciation fruite a number of restaurant em
ployers acreed .to . give their employes union
conditions. The Journeymen butchers at that
time s;ared the boss butchers off by threat of
a strike if they were forced to cut meat only
for non-union houses. For over three days the
oyster companies absolutely refused oysters to
union restaurants and only the threat^of a
boycott by the Labor Council forced thes^
companies to again supply union houses. The
Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance continued to gain
ground, but the boss butchers only awaited
their opportunity to punish their employes for
attempting to balk them In, their design to
disrupt the Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance.
tice of the moderate- demands of their help
slgnilied their willingness to grant these, be
ing assured that with the aid of the union card
— this cuarante* or humane working condl
tior.s—they would get sufficient additional
trade to offset the unfair competition of their
neighbors who refused to grant better condi
tions to their help. Then, backed by the work
of the unions and the aid of the fair-minded
public, very soon the unfair restaurants would
see that it paid to run union houses and would
also grant union conditions to their employes.
All of this would have been accomplished
¦without strlk€« and boycotts, just as it was
done tbrouch the union In the case of the
2CC0 laundry workers in this city, if it had
not been for the Kmployers' Association, which
issued its fiat that the restaurants and hotels
of this city must not concede the trade rules
of the Cooks' and "Waiters' Alliance. Through
promisj of financial i support a«d through
threats of withholding supplies bf all kinds if
the hotels and restaurants were placed under
union conditions a large number of restau
rant keepers were gathered into the Restau
rant Employers' Association, and the fight be,
ean on May 1. .
so far successfully stood off' the bow butchers
and still display the union card.
The folio-wing circular letter, dated July 3,
shows the opposition the boss butchers ar«
meeting;:
"Dear Sir: Please take notice that you are
not to sell or deliver directly or indirectly
meats of any kind or description for a period
of thirty days to the following restaurants:
• "Owens & Starr, Sixth street; Owens & Starr,
Ninth street; Rockaway Restaurant, Sixth
street; Mea.de, Sixth street; Morning Call Res
taurant, Sixth street; Boston Oyster House,
Sixth street; Nick's Restaurant, Sixth street,
near Townsend; restaurant at 74 Third street;
restaurant at j 1734 Market street, and do not
Sergeant Conboy Makes a Raid.
Sergeant Conboy Is still making his
presence felt in Chinatown and is causing
consternation among tho dissolute Celes
tials. Officer Tyrrell of Conboy's squad,
disguised as a soldier, raised a disturb
ance in front of a lottery joint on Jackson
street yestenaay, and the rest of the posse
raided "the place while the guards watched
the antics of the supposed soldier. Seven
players and a -complete outfit were cap
tured through the ruse.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Tubs and swimming. Best tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. Bay st. t near Powell. •
Bobbed by His Sister.
Benjamin Belek, 206 Minna street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Conlan's . court
yesterday for the arrest of his sister,
Mrs. Fannie Raid, on a charge of grand
larceny. She lived in his house and dis
appeared Tuesday morning, taking with
her a lady's gold watch and chain, two
gold rings and two gold bracelets belong
ing- to- Belek valued at $250. She ¦ also
stole a valise belonging to John Chilmo
nik, a roomer in the house, which con
tained S70 and a gold watch. Belek re
ceived a letter from her through the post
yesterday morning stating that she had
gone East to join her husband.
• Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and ciiarantee it. •
In the Divorce Court.
May Barnes has been granted a divorce
from. O. D. Barnes on the ground of will
ful negrlect.. Suits for divorce were filed
yesterday by Pearl M. Gibson against
John S. Gibson for failure to provide and
Albert /Winkle against • Josephine Winkle
for cruelty. .'
Trusts and combinations do not affect Jesse
Moore . "Whiskey. Its fame is established, its
quality is the finest and It is always the best.*
Bankrupt ; Baker.
John Goetz, a baker, of Crockett, filed a
petition in. insolvency yesterday in the
United States District Court: He owes
$1453 16 and he ha3 SS27 assets.
After making this recitation, Mrs. Bell
asks that she be given judgment against
Ashe for the sum of $23,000, the difference
between the alleged value of the jewels
and the sum he returned to her, $12,000.
and that he be adjudged guilty of fraud
and imprisoned until the debt is paid.
"Mr. Ashe, the defendant, advised me
to place the jewels in his hands for safe
keeping. Believing what he said was true
and wishing to save the diamonds, I
placed them in the possession of the de
fendant. Subsequently he took the jew
els to New York and later informed me
that he had sold them. Though he ad
mitted having received $15,000 for the jew
els, he only paid into my hands the sum
of $12,000. Since the sale of the jewels the
defendant has refused to make an ac
counting of the sale of the jewels and
upon information and belief this plaintiff
alleges that the defendant either received
$35,000. the value of the jewels, or con
verted a large portion of the same to his
own use."
"On May 24, 1899, R. Porter Ashe, who
was then acting: as my attorney, availed
himself of his relations as my attorney
and represented that certain persons were
seeking to have me declared Incompetent.
He was aware of the fact that I had In
my possession diamonds and jewels val
ued at $35,000, and he Informed me that
the persons who were seeking to have me
declared incompetent would also endeavor
to get possession of the jewels and con
vert them to their own use.
R. Porter Ashe Is charged with fraud
in an action filed yesterday by Mrs. Te
resa Bell, who seeks to recover from the
well-known attorney and politician dia
monds and jewels valued at {23,000. Mrs.
Bell's story of the transaction which^has
now culminated in the charge of fraud is
as follows:
Teresa Bell Brings Suit
Against He£ Former
• Attorney.
ALLEGES 1SHE
ture. - ; . • -
Labor Council Statement.
At the- meeting of the executive com
mittee of the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil held last night the following review of
the local labor situation was adopted:
The Employers' Association, -true to its pol
icy of attempting to disrupt the trades unions,
and to have only servile labor In this city, has
ordered the . wholesale and retail butchers to
Interfere In the cooks' and -waiters' strike. Res
taurants displaying the union card are being
refused meat and threatened that if the card
is not surrendered within a certain data their
meat BUj>Dly will be shut off for a definite or
indefinite period. And the employing- butchers
boast of this action and glory In their power
to rum business men who refuse to obey their
mandates.
The s-Dokesmen of the Employers' Association
have again and again accused the trades unions
or "'dictation. '* or of "trying to run an em
ployer's business." "What should this tyranni
cal exercise of power now displayed by the boss
butchers be called? Is any business man safe
once this policy of Oie wholesalers and jobbers
is established In this city? In view of the well
known fact tliat the agents of the Steel Trust,
the Meat Trust and other trusts are the ruling
spirits of the Employers' Association, commer
cial ruin and vasjtalae-e to the East are the in
evitable results of euch a policy.
The trades unions s=o far are the only parties
fighting openly this commercial feudalism.
How Ions will It take the still Independent
merchants to realize the position they are
thrust into? It can only be hoped for the ben
efit of the city that the aggressive tactics ot
the Employers' Association and its agents will
Quickly arouse to action th» citizens of San
Francisco -who still dare to assert independence.
Leads Girls to Life of Shame.
I>et -us briefly review the cooks' and -wait
ers' fight; its various phases throw a Etrong
light en the tactics of the Employers' Asso
ciation. The cooks and waiters of this city
formed a union to better tuejr conditions. They
were driven to this to save themselves from
moral and physical ruin. Prior to the strike
men and women were compelled to work seven
days a. week from twelve to eighteen hours per
da^ in the restaurants and hotels of this citr.
And this unmerciful grind went on year In
and year out. Every student of human nature
knows the results. Many a strong and virtuous
girl, aft«r a year or so of such labor, lost
her health and with It came moral degenera
tion. The hotels and restaurants of our city
are the best recruiting grounds for the houses
of ill fame. And let society throw no stones at
these unfortunates who fell exhausted by the
¦wayside. Society itself t3 responsible for al
lowing these conditions to continue in the ho
tels and restaurants. It Is society's duty to
check the gTeed of Individuals. From the ho
tels and restaurants come also a rich harvest
of male criminals. • It can't be otherwise when
mm are worked thus.
The trades union stepped In and reached out
it* helping hand to the slaves of the dining
room and kitchen. Discouraged by past failures
the response at first vras slow, ' but earnest
and hard work at last gathered about 2800 men
and women under the folds of the Cooks' and
Walters' Alliance. In, due time trade rules
were adopted and presented to the employers
And what were these trade rules? Stripped of
minor details, it was simply a request for one
day's rest in seven (the employers to select the
day of rest) and for a working day of ten
hours for waiters and twelve hours for cooks
The employment of union h»lp and the displav
of the union card were simply methods, used
throughout the length and breadth of our coun
try, to Insure the permanency of union condi
tions once acquired. There was nothing in the
trade rules taking away from the employer the
right to run his business. He still could hire
and discharge whom he pleased, taking his pick
from the 2000 members of the union.
A large number of employers seeing the Jus-
flachinists and Employers Said to Be Ready
to fleet— Labor Council Statement.
A letter will be aafiressed to-day by the estimate as to the result is mere conjeo
Iron Trades Council to the committee now
attempting to act in the matter of asettle
ment of the strike of the machinists and
allied branches of the Industry announc
ing that the local organization has full
power to settle this matter. The mem
bers of the Metal Trades Association will
be notified of this action and probably be
fore the end of the week, a settlement may
be reached. It is generallr understood
both in labor and other circles that this is
the mission to the ft>ast of Thomas Ii
Wilson, one of the vice presidents of the
International Association cf Machinists.
Xeither the leaders of the strikers nor
the members of the Metal Trades Asso
ciation will directly admit this as a fact,
but all indications point to a closing of the
strike at the end of the present weslc.
The Fulton Engineering and Ship Bufid
ing Works claims that it has secured a
large number of men from the interior
and the East and will resume work at
once.
The conciliatory committee of the Fed
eration of Improvement Clubs appointed
at the meetins held on Tuesday night
called on the representatives of the Metal
Trades Association in the morning- and at
the headquarters of the Iron Trades
Council during the noon hour. The firtt
question propounded by the representa
tives of the Metal Trades Association
¦was: ¦» - •:
"Have the local organizations of the
ironworkers power to settle differences?"
As none of the committee had informed
himself as to the power, a conference with
the strikers was arransed.
Strikers Will Vote en Hatter.
. Representatives of all the iron trades
¦were present at the latter meeting. Tho
representatives of the committee were in
formed that under sections 2 and 3. article
VI. of the constitution of the Grand L^dffe
and subordinate lodj;fs of the Interna
tional Association of ilach-nists, *=uch a
power existed. These sections refer to
the grievances of members, and provide
that the lodge shall decide by secret bai
lot upon the question. The matter of set
tlement is practically embraced in the
latter part of section 3, reading as fol
lows:
Wnen a proposition of F^ttlement. or one to
declare the strike off. Khali be presented at a
regular or called meeting- of the lodge, it shall
require a majority vote by secret ballot of all
members or»sent to accept the" proposition.
¦When the judicial officers find it impossible to
F«?ttle the difficulty in a satisfactory manner
they shall order the men to resume work, as
they xrould not receive further financial aid;
excepting that it shall be discretionary with
the judicial officers lo give relief in deserving:
cases, euch relief not to exceed, weekly, the
amount as provided above.
In expectation of some such action as
Js now being taken, a referendum vote on
the question -whether to continue the
strike or submit to arbitration is now be
ing taken by the local unions. Just in
what form the matter was put none of
those in authority will say, but the public
will be informed some time to-day,
through the medium of the Iron Trades
Council, what result has been reached.
Where regular meetings have not been
held eince the vote was called for spe
cial meetings have been held. The votes
will be counted early this morning, or as
soon as all the returns are received. Any
LAST OF COMING WEEK
MAY SEE STRIKE'S END
L 1 AST night in the several Assem
bly districts of i San Francisco
blubs were, organized under the
kuspices of the Republican Pri
. mary League. The enrollment of
voters was larger than expected. In two
or three, districts the meetings for organ
ization took on the character of popular
demonstrations in behalf, of good govern
ment. The .Republican Primary League
is now effectively established in every dis
trict of the city and will be able to ren :
der the puMic great service in putting for
ward good and true men for delegates 1.o
the municipal nominating convention of
the party. It Is obvious that the power
and influence of the league will increase
daily from this time until August 13, the
day of primary election.
Twenty-Eighth District.
Republicans of the Twenty-eighth As
sembly District, In response to a call is
sued by the Republican Primary League,
met at 46 Steuart street last evening and'
organized a club. Colonel L. P. Crane
was .elected president, M. , M. Foote vice
president and F-. J. Hopper secretary.
Gangs of ruffians and rounders recruited
in the tenderloin sought to disturb the
meeting and caused several fights. This
district is the stronghold of th« bosses,
hence the attempt to prevent organization
of the league forces- The rounders who
provoked the disturbance sought to show
their gratitude to Boss Kelly for favors
extended in keeping them from going to
jail by putting him in nomination for
president of the club. There are many
indications that the league will develop
sufficient strength in the Twenty-eighth
to elect the delegates from that district
to the nominating convention-.
Twenty-Ninth District.
The Republicans of the Twenty-ninth
Assembly District organized a good club
last evening. J. B. McNamara called the
meeting to order-. The following officers
were elected: '
v President. J. S. Parry: vice president, Wil
liam Tongff; secretary, W-. J. Wynn; financial
secretary-, J. H. O'Brien; treasurer-, R. Munk;
sergeant at arms, E. Drew-. ,
An executive committee was appointed,
consisting of E. S. Havens, Fred Hawes,
J. S. Elliott, T, H. Sheehan, Jv Nagle
maker-, J. J-. Daughneyy J-.- B. McNamara,
William Phillips, F-. J. Morton and Wil
liam Phemrister. Many Republicans
signed the' roll. The citizens of the Twen
ty-ninth intend • to give the bosses the
hardest fight ever waged in the boss-rid
den Twenty-ninth District. The taxpay
ers, worklngmen and others of the re
spected classes can overthrow the bosses
if they keep up the good work begun last
night.
Thirtieth District.
Republicans of the Thirtieth . Assembly
District, responding to the call of the Pri
mary League-, organized a club last night
by trie election of the following named of
fleers^
President, L. Sencana: vice -president, • I*
Saunders; secretary, J, Erb; .treasurer, F. W.
Kocheleri sergeant at arms, C O'Connor. -.
ThiTty-Pirst District.
Under the auspices of the Republican
Primary League a club was organized in
the Thirty-first Assembly District last
evening. The officers elected were as fol
lows: ...
President. B. J. Flood; first vice president,
James C Sharp; second vice president, M. D.
Molander; jecretary. J- A. Madden; treasurer,
C T. Quincy; sergeant at arms. II. M. Wolfln
ger.
An executive committee was- appointed
and also a committee on membership, con
sisting of one from each precinct. The
following resolution was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved, That we, the regular Republican
Club of the Thirty-flrst Assembly District, in
dorse and commend the efficient work of the
Republican Primary League in arousing- the
interest of the Republican voters of San Fran
cisco In the primaries, and we furthermore
pledge our hearty support and sympathy to
said RepubUcan Primary League In its efforts
in behalf of good, dean, stable municipal gov
ernment..
Thirty-Second District.
The Republicans of the Thirty-second
Assembly District met last night. T. C.
Duff called the meeting to order. Many
citizens signed the roll. The club adjourn
ed to meet this evening for election of offi
cers.
Thirty-Third District.
The Republicans of the Thirty-third As
sembly District organized last night* by
the election of Captain Douglas, presi-
"The league,"* her said, "has no candi
dates to elect; none to defeat. We want
clean politics, in' the sense that a man's
word In politics shall stand for -as much
as his word In business. We want a fair
division of the rewards of politics as of its
labors, so that North Beach can have a
Supervisor -now and then, for instance.
The league is not seeking patronage, but
it wants to see the patronage apportioned
to the districts, and by the districts given
to their workers. This is an auspicious
year, and we 'want to win and to win hon
estly. Get your neighbors to turn out at
the primaries, even though they do not
agree with you, so that they will take an
interest And we will shake off the dom
ination of self-seekers, defeat the dis-
' After the permanent organization A.
Ruef was called upon and maue a telling
speech, outlining the work proposed by
the Municipal Primary League in aiding
the central committee to organize ¦ clubs
In the districts at this time. • A
First vice president, J. C. Kimbal; second
vice president, E. B. Fusier; secretary, C H.
Sommerlad; treasurer, Leon Block; 6ergeant-at
arms, George Faber; executive committee-
Frank Marina, C. H. Sommerlad, John H. Nel
son, Charles Winkler, Harry Huff, George
Zocchi, Louis Stroeb, William Fitzgerald. E.
Forbush, Julius Nathan, Charles Hynes, R.
Luna, M. Bricca, J. C. Kimbal, E. D. Fusier.
The Republicans of the Thirty-eighth
Assembly District held a lively meeting in
Mascot Hall last night. Permanent or
ganization of the district club- was effect
ed by the election of Myrtile Cerf as
chairman and A. M. Curry .secretary. The
feature of the meeting was the lack of
harmony, i The chair refused to entertain
a motion to adjourn, and a hot debate
followed, "which ended only when one of
the members was escorted from the hall
by police officers. He was allowed to re
turn after : taking a walk around the
block to cool his ire. The .motion to ad
journ was then put and carried by a
large vote. About twenty members signed
the club rolL
Thirty-Eighth Assembly District.
Organization of Republicans under the
auspices of the Primary League was effect
ed last night in the Thirty-seventh Dis
trict by the election of J. K. Jones presi
dent and S. Bloom secretary. A commit
tee of enrollment was appointed.
President, Henry C« Langren; vice president,
Charles H. Allen: 'secretary, H. C. Pearce;
treasurer, «W. C. Irvin; executive committee —
Judge F. W. Van Reynegom, George C. Donnell,
James Wood, M. F. Taylor, John Prendergast,
J. C. Bowen, Harry Murphy, O. P. Beprgs, H.
Nathan, George Robinson, William Sherritt,
F. Hosman, P. Lennaiv-H.' von- Wertheinv M.
Cullanan ¦ Peter Sheridan, R. C. Thorp, >' P.
Nolan, Thomas Merrill, A. P. "Van Duser, John
McCarthy, W. "McDevitt, W. Murphy, L. Beter
man, Louis Whitney," F»l H« Wagstafl and A.
E. Lucas. ; i '
Thirty-Seventh District v . ..
Republicans of the Thirty-sixth Assem
bly District organized last "night at Guer
rero -and Twentieth streets. There was
a large attendance, and the meeting was
characterized by harmony and good fel
lowship, Henry C» Langren called the
meeting to order and thirty-six members
signed the roll. • On the completion of the
roll an election was held with the follow
ing- result;
Thirty-Sixth District.
The Republicans of the Thirty-fifth Dis
trict, under the auspices of the Primary
League, met last night and organized a
club. E. R> Pease was elected president
and Thomas R. Huling secretary.
Thirty-Fifth District.
There were many Republicans present
who had not signed the original roll of the
Thirty-fourth District Clul>. They left
their names with the secretary or the
A rneeting of the Republicans of the
Thirty-fourth District was held last night
under the call > of the county committee in
Native Sons Hall, on Seventeenth street.
R. L..Har thorn acted as chairman, and
Morg-an . Backus as secretary. Those. Re
publicans who feel the,necesslty of work
ing in harmony with the primary league
were present and it was the unanimous
sense of the meeting that the resolution
proposed by Mr. McClellan that the coun
ty committee be requested to recognize
the Republican club organized June 28 with
Martin Jones as president be considered
the official. club of the district. %
Thirty-Fourth District.
dent; Henry Leffmann, first vice-presi
dent; Max Brening, second vice president!
J. F; -Kelly, secretary, and Harry Schul
ken, treasurer.
supply the following until further notice from
our association:
"Davitt & Daly. Sixth street; Myrtle Res
taurant. Sixth street.
"We refer you as to the penalty for non
observance of the above to the wholesale
butchers from .whom you obtain your supply.
Yours respectfully,
"JOBBERS' AND RETAILORS* ASS'N.
"SAM C. HAMMOND, President.
"E. PATEK. Secretary."
Rely Upon Public Verdict.
"We don't know whether ' the . law can reach
these men who seem determined to ruin the
business of employers that give their employes
humane conditions and who advertise this to
the public by the display of a. union card. We
believe, however, that public opinion -will
quickly and surely render its verdict. We ap
peal to all union men and women and to all
friends of progress and opponents of tyranny
to give their patronage to restaurants dis
playing the union card. We also urge upon all
members of unions and all friend3 of progress
and opponents of tyranny to help us check
these outrages upon the citizens of San Fran
cisco by withholding their patronage from
Hammond & Brod, 727 Market street. These men
are the active and willing tools of the whole
salers. Hammond is the president of the Job
bers' and Retailers';. Association, and boasts
of his success in his interviews in the papers.
The. proprietors of this market were largely
responsible for the strike of the Journeymen
butchers; now they are fighting the cooks and
waiters.
Having thus laid our case before the public,
we ask for its most- careful consideration. We
believe, nay, we know, that the trusts are
trying to crush out the manhood of the people
of this city. We shall • continue the fight
against tyranny and oppression. But the fight
is hot and hard. We ask the support of all
who . believe in progress, of all who believe
in freedom and Justice. We are.
By order of th<« executive committee of the
San Francisco Labor Council.
W. H. GOFF, President.
ED ROSENBERG, Secretary.
Mr. Hammond declined yesterday to be
interviewed, saying briefly that the "pub
lic was the best judge of the conditions
at present affecting the city."
The Democratic County Committee, Jas
per McDonald chairman, will meet at
B'nal B'rlth Hall this evening to recom
mend to the Election Commissioners a
plan of apportionment. It is understood
that the number of delegates to the con
vention will correspond to the number
of election precincts in the city. The res
olutions to be adopted to-night have been
carefully prepared, and the Democrats
will have nothing to do but register the
will of their rulers.
Democratic County Committee.
-There were ringing speeches by E. B.
Learning, H. H. Powers, Alexander Camp
bell Jr. and others, after which the club
roll was numerously signed.
President, George M. Ferine; vice presidents,
W. W^ Noonan and Robert Porter; secretary,
Augustus Johnson; sergeant-at-arms, Joseph
Barbetta; executive committee— A. H. Powers,
Alex Griffith. E. M. Rolkin, R. Ryan, C. Ma
son Kinne, E. B. Learning, John Hawley,
Joseph Barbetta. 'Shirley Hertz, A. Olmo, L.
Campa, . I* J. Mowery, Joseph Spohn, W. H.
McPhearson, W. A. T. A&ard. T. A. Benson,
R. H. Graham, John R. Mclsaac, W. R.
Noonan. /. •" .
The Republicans of the Forty-fifth Dis
trict met at Garibaldi Hall last night and
effected a permanent club organization by
the election of the following officers:
Forty-Fifth District.
The Republicans of the Forty-fotirth
District held a large and most enthusi
astic meeting at Washington Square Hall,
on Stockton and XJnio'n streets, last night
and organized a permanent club for the
district. L. A. Rae called the meeting to
order, making a ringing speech. In which
ho urged Republicans to stand shoulder
to shoulder for party success. He was
unanimously chosen permanent president
of the club, with the following additional
officers:
Forty-Fourth District.
The Forty-third Assembly District Re
publican Club was organized last night at
California Hall. The meeting was
called to order by J. D. Hart, temporary
chairman.- One hundred and fifty voters
signed the roll. On motion of J. H. Har
ney the temporary officers were made per
manent. J. D. Hart resigned as chairman
and Frank P.- Shibeley was elected presi
dent. General R. H. Warfleld and Cap
tain M. R. Roberts were elected vice pres
idents. Other officers chosen were: Secre
tary, Fred Tobelmann; treasurer, Charles
Kauffman. On motion of J. G. Boyne the
executive committee was increased from
fifteen to twenty.
Forty-Third District.
Dr. T. Deane, representing the County
Committee, recognized the Republican Pri
mary League as the official Republican
body of 'the Forty-second District. The
temporary organization effected Tuesday
night under the auspices of the league
was made permanent. ¦
The Forty-3ecom« Assembly District
Club organized by the election of R. B.
Treat,' president; W. W. Sanderson, first
vice president; -G. F. Gray, second vice
president; A. W. Martin, treasurer; J. E.
Slinkey, secretary.
The central Republican club of tho
Forty-first District, known as the Horace
Davis. Club, is a compact anti-boss organ
ization, with sufficient strength to control
the affairs of that district in the interest
of good government, and it is recognized
as a Primary League club.
Forty-Second District.
Forty-First District.
The Republicans of the Fortieth Assem
bly District,- under the auspices of the
Primary League, organized last night. The
officers of the club are: Edmund Tauszky
president: J. M. Wilkins, first vice presi
dent; T. P. "Woodward, second'vice presi
dent; D. L._ Kitzgerald, secretary.
Fortieth District.
A * large attendance of Republicans of
the Thirty-ninth Assembly District re
sponded to the call of the Primary League
and organized a club last night. The
following named officers (were elected:
President, Myer Jacobs; vice' president. Dr.
A. Sadler: recording- secretary, J. Neubarth;
financial secretary, W. S. Hamilton; treasurer,
G. B. Keane; finance committee— A. Walrath,
John A. Clover, Grove Ketchum, Wilber G.
Zeigler, James W. Baker, Carl W. Mueller: ex
ecutive committee— Chairman, G. B. Keane; H.
W. Fraser, Emil Kehrlein. TV. H. Conley. J.
A. McKenna, Norman "\V Hall. J. J. Bradley,
James Nagle and D. M. Duffy.
Thirty-Ninth District.
At the conclusion of Ruef's remarks
some S00 members signed the club roll.
gruntled "and- carry our ticket to victory
In November." ;
Republicans Rally Round the Anti=Boss Standard and
Effect a Complete Organization in Every
Assembly District,
VICTORY FOR PRIMARY LEAGUE
IN THE FORMATION OF CLUBS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JI3I.Y 11, 1901. \
To-day I. "W. F. Fipher, manager of the
Bee Hive Shoe Co. will expect you. Every
thing is ready. Sale begins at 9 : a. m.
Orice more will Bay that to-day the Buft
& Packard $6 and $7 men's shoes .will be
sold for $2.50 a • pair. - Come t around i and
get either men's or ladles' $3.50 shoes for
$1 a pair. There will be Just 1000' pairs of
them at the Shoe Factory Sale, 717' Market
street, near Third. . .. •• • ¦ . ••_
Good News.
12
Sale's. -| . Hala'a.
You couldn't get a better bargain if you had it made to ¦ t
order. They are the very collars you're after and for which you'd gladly pay
15c — and will if you happen to find them any place else. But we prepared this
offer to enforce our new July policy. Making things cheapest when most
wanted.
Made of white lawn and trimmed— scallops and embroidered borders— very
tasty openwork and closed designs— several hundred of them— 6c.
Tfie "
New-tueRed Crushed 3elt§68f
A coming style— Werh s eiheticl of everyJjody*
We make it ourselves— that's the secret. . That's why we have it so early
and so cheap.
They Can't Be Bought to Sell Under Sl.OO.
If we did get them in the regular way it would be weeks before, we'd,
have them. One of our sharp-eyed sentries in New York caught the idea—
and in five days we had our workroom force working at them.
They are made from 3-inch satin ribbon, a deep rich black satin, solidly tuck-
*>d in new crush effect. They fasten -with a metal dla buckle
Satin Corded Belts for 35c is another convincing proof of what our work-
room can do. We could never sell them at this price if we had to pay some
one else to make them for us— the beauty of them, they are curved to fit the
wn'st. Tie with satin ribbons — 35c, think of it!.
<^^^ i^ z '^sr teaCt in enameled w&re x ttk
Enamelware is the backbone of the downstairs store. It's
the good, sturdy Royal ware. We mention these rice boilers and oie plates
as convincing proof of the high quality and low prices we ask
33^ S£ lroZ\A^ a ?o^ art - <1Uite "»*•«•'« —1 tot-
The Pieplates are the regular size— good value at lOc-our price 7V 2 c.
[flllfei^ £feHc/Q-zf£urter& for
lffiP|^ 9 "ttrt# League Flags-
j^^^^P^%]f We're supplying every one with their banners. Even
IgJ-iliX^v, <&~J~ delegations from the interior have had us send them
i lp"~~ \ quantities to display on trains. Then local firms are
n / S ett^ n & them for decoration.
.| These are th e authorized emblems of the occasion.
II. . We alone were awarded the contract for their
• 11: . . manufacture.
Buy at. these low prices — Singly, jc and ioc; in lots of a hundred,
mounted, 5c and 7c. -
SPECIAL SALEI 1
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY
AH oup goods are of the
best brands— we cannot
risk our reputation b>
keeping the doubtful kind.
Butter, 2 squares...... 65c
Choice Creamery,
Olives. California, quart 20c
Lilgrht ripe; very delicious.
Regularly 25c
White Wine, gallon 40c
A choice old table Wine.
Regularly 75c.
Club House Seasoning, tin.. 10c
Highly recommended for
Dressings In poultry, game and meats.
Rosebud Whiskey, bot . 90c
Gallon $4.00
The highest grade.
of Whiskey In the XTnlted States
Regularly $1.25 and $3.00
Macaroni and Cheese, f; ! n b 20c
Van Camp's; prepared with
Tomato sauce. Regularly £5c.
Preserved Ginger, •££" 15c
An Oriental delicacy.
Regularly 20c. ...
Almonds, 2 lbs ....... ,25c
¦" California paper-shell. . • .-
Regularly 20c. -_
COUNTRY 0BDSR3 SOLICITED. , m
CATALOGUE FBEE. . • . . i '"
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5523.
The J. Noonan Furniture Co. (Inc.)
Dining Tables, j
Solid Oak Extension Tables, six
feet by four, only $5.50. Heavy fluted
legs. We have a fine line of these
very desirable tables. All sizes and
styles. In fact, we carry everything
in the housefurnishinjj line that you :
can possibly want. As we pay no
rent, we give, you the advantage of *•
this great saving. Come and see
for yourself.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPARE
'_,-.-'¦ '•<-
1O1T.IOS3 MISSION STFtEET, J
Above Sixth. San Franclsca. I
We close at S p. m. every day but Saturday. • I
CHECK STAMPS BOUGHT
At lie Each.
Loose or Imprinted on Checks.
• R. OARVET. 1003 Call Bldg.'
DR.MCNULTY.
rPHIS WELL-KNOWN ANDRKLIABLE OLD
.L Specialist <rure* Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Ole»t,
Rtriotare. Spmliml Weakness, Impotence and tbeic
allied Disorders. Boob on Diseases of Men, f res.
Over20years>xper'ence. Terms reasonable. Hoars,
9toSda!ly;e:30to8.30ev'(?s. Sunday*, 10 to 12. Con.wl-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or addreca
\P. ROSCOK McXUt/rY.'M-D.
3G££ EearnySt, San Franniaco, CaJ-
— ; 1
BAJA CALIFORNIA
pamiana Bitters
ISA GREAT -RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
I The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both se*a». ¦ »"
.The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tho K1V*
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own meriu. '¦'
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market St., S. F.~<Send tor r-irculars.)
' *"*"^ " 1 - -ri '•"" ri 1 1 JjLjJLi
• ' - - Mijy
A WHITE PATH
EfflBSHHERE is only one kind of Cleanliness, but
§PJ|| there are many kinds of soap* There is
i%g$M. only one destination, but there, are many
I1IS1IJ paths thatleadto xU ; If you want the short-
est and safest road to Geanliness> it- is paved with
Ivory Soap. Neither man nor clothes ever get
beyond the cleansing power of Ivory Soap. Its rich,
creamy lather extracts every particle of dirt* but
it stops at the dirt ! Ivory Soap — it floats*
¦— . — — «^ ¦¦ ¦"¦¦ mm^mm
Br/ngtTwsad. with you and qet
per cent off
For a trip you
t ' Sot «h«P w H1 find anywhere
liOr SsSeP at prices that will
SSnSP "^?W appeal to you.
l&Sf wWJjy Our trunks are not
MgS \f0P only good to look
CSp upon, but they are
*l^ made for any kind
\ ¦ of service; are light and
have all modern improve-
ments. Our
M BUREAU TRUNK"
M1G3I? Is positively tho most -con- -
fe*^^ venient trunk on earth; a
perfect comfort while trav-
eling.
128-132 Ellis St. SR
1 31 This is the ebb tide of our prices. Many of our finest shoes ' a
;a in small sizes, broken lots and some entire lines, are to be had • §#
ig _ for the mere trouble of picking them up. Such ., figures as .• p
igj c ? e applied to the best grades of shoes cannot be termed p||
kS prices. . * ¦ ¦ - rSp!
£2 I AniPQ '• ¦ V «1
Hi «-•¦:¦¦; H-rrlUiJOC3« ;< j . S3
g|] Small sizes of Ladies' Finest French Kid Button — %. SB
|g Reduced to $ 1 .OO . . . . Formerly $5.00 and $6.00 ~ $jg
*M Broken lots of Ladies' Tan Chrome Kid and Black: French flj
M KidOxfords-r ;vJ,V-' Eeduced to 50c to close them put. |j
jr3 Men's Tart Russia Calf Oxfords; the newest " design; our la
Fa . regular $5.00 grade— /-v. . Reducsd to $3.G5. |§
m /WISSB^ AND GHILDRRN,; §
Wa. Broken lots of Misses' and Children's Tan Goat and Black Hfl
ifj...-.- -id. Button — -\ ; . Reduced to $1.OO. : gg
Hi Ke&rivy Sir ft
r~" ~™f — |
I These prices can't last
S forever, for such goods at
I such prices are bound' to
I be bought. out soon. Isn't |
a that true? Read and judge 1
i for yourself: g
I 1 5c W0MEN:S WRAPPERS, * q |
I all colors T""C |
1 PRETTY P 'IRC ALE WRAPPERS of |
1 good quality, deep flounces, effective |
J trimming; $! 00 too little fir £ZJ n |
H ' o.-.e To-day t-ey're .•.-.. .•Y..O/ C.'-,B
| 25". WOMEN'S KNIT UNDER VESTS, i
¦ hand croc'-et and ribbon trim- IC r j
Q mlng, long or half sleeves.... I31* ¦ j
I Any other time our FIVEST PERCALE
| WOMEN'S W4/S7".? would cost you 1
H v $1.00, tucked front and back, trimmed v
a with whitJ pique vest. To- AQ^.
1 day...... ..........:. t-OC I
g Another lot of those superb WHITE IN-
I D'.A LINE / WAISTS Just received.
1 front of all-over Venetian hce, tucked
1 back, nsw sleeves; $1.75 ao |
| quality. ! To-day "O C ¦
I To-day you carf get $1.00 WOMEN'S |
§ MOREEN , UNDERSKIRTS, black g
9 and all ot er colors, for... >|f|«.' : l
« ... ¦/¦ , /_ _ ¦ _ _ ...... . wz9 L. ¦
B ' ¦ ~ ' ' ~* H
1 Were fine embroideries, over
N so reduced . in price per yard ,
B as this: I
g 5c Embroideries Jlc ;.. !
3 r 8c Embroideries ....;. J>c j
9 10c Embroideries ...... fS'/ic
n 12>4c Embroideries ..V.V. T%c
[i 15c Embroideries' .lOe
I 20c Embroideries >...... llSMie j
I WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK. "
1 1212 & 12W MbrktySU
I between Taylor & JotVgS I
l"^^^Wp^ Dread |
l/tn w^N Chi ™} 1
i"¥AI?R00M" 1
| PAINLESS DENTAL PASLO3S, |l
I (00! MARKET, Cor. 6th. |