VOLUME XC— NO. IG9.
JEFFRIES MAKES RUHLIN QUIT AT END OF
FIFTH ROUND AND IS DECLARED WINNER
JEFFRIES OUTCLASSES
RUHLIN, PROVING EASILY
HIS COMPLETE MASTER
No Man Before the Public, Apparently,
Has a Chance to Defeat the
Present Champion.
JAMES J. JEFFRIES retains the
title of heavyweight boxing cham
pion of the "world. He defeated Gus
Ruhlin handily last night In five
rounds at Mechanics' Pavilion,
showing such ability as to stamp
- Him at* once the .master, of the
ring. No man who aspires to the cham
pionship to-day has a chance with the
dark-skinned Angelenoi who, if he retains
his> present form,' will ."be champion: for
many years to come. .-¦•-"
Ruh*.in was not knocked out. Billy
Madden, his manager, # who for more than
five years has coached him. ¦ carefully in
ail the arts of the prize ring, . with the
one hope that some day he would be the
heavyweight champion, saw Jeffries was
his master last 'night' and threw up the
sponge before the gong sounded for the
sixth round.
This came as a. surprise to Jeffries and
to the spectators. After the second round
it did not require the eye of an expert to
note that Run',: strength was fast ebb
ing away. Jeffries' blows to the body,
v.-hich would have killed a man not
trained to withstand th^m, sapped all the
strength from the Akron giant and gave
him a wholesome fear of the relentless
man in front of him. Jeffries, on the
other hand, was as unconcerned as he
might be in the fastnesses of the moun
tains about Harbin Springs.
When the end came he was sitting in
his corner scorning the attentions of his
seconds, as the work he had dona was
JEFFRIES DOES NOT BLAME RUHLIN
FOR GIVING U¥* HIS LOSING FIGHT
/- T was a tittle' easy money i \ for me. . They cant hit hard
enough to hurt me. Ruh- , \ fin put up as good a fight as I
. expected 'he would. I ex- i pected to win and was therefore
not surprised at the result I. took my time in beating him- -i,.
had not started to fight when ; his .manager. -'."threw, "¦'¦up?, the,
sponge. Had I gone at this fel- fait / am sure he would not
have lasted- two rounds. The blows '/.. gave' him in the belly
did the work. . He tried anew. punch on inc. It was a heavy '
right crass after a- clinch, and • ; ,j lcn / aw it coming I simply
laid my head on his breast and -j laughed at him: ~ This disheart
ened Ruhlin. Ruhlin was scared from the very first':
round. I- knew it ar.d did not fear him. . His punches never
bothered me. He landed on my t^ : :—: — ? \ sore lip and made it bleed. 'He
had no chance and I don't blame him for refusing to go on. _' He knew he had no chance. I don't
think he quit/ 1 hit him two or three awful punches in the body. Some people said. I : could not stand
a blow in the. solar plexus. I think 1 proved to-night that I could because I let him land heavily on
my body and never felt his blow. I never felt afraid of the result. "'." '. Before the fight I tried to
make myself feel nervous so that I could go in and fight hard, but the feeling of confidence over
came any nervousness that I might have. When they lick me they will have to prove it. lam like
a young bull in strength and I think I have improved in my style of fighting. The blows I received
on the head could not shake me. He never hit me flush because my head was always low down. I
now want to meet Fitzsunmons, but if the blacksmith docs not zvant 'to accept my game Sharkey
will do. I would much rather fight Bob because he claimed he was not right when he last met me.
JAMES J. JEFFRIES, Champion of the World: -\
The San Francisco Call.
no mere than gentle exercise. He leaned
nver to address a remark to a friend
amcr.g the spectators when Billy Madden
threw the sponge into the ring acknowl
edging defeat.
Throws Up the Sponge.
"They've thrown up the sponge," said
De Witt Van Court, one of his seconds,
touching him on the shoulder.
A look of surprise swept over Jeffries'
face. In a moment the big Pavilion was
in a turmoil. The spectators, hissed and
jpered Ruhlin and a rush' was made for
the ring. Police Captain Wittman and
his men soon stopped this, keeping the
crowd back. Jeffries went about shaking
hands v.ith friends. Ruhlin and his at
tendants were the first out of the ring and
were hissed and jeered on their way to
his dressingr-room. Ruhlin said afterward
that in the third round everything seemed
black to him. He lost his ability to judge
distance in what attacks he made and had
but little control over his powers of loco
motion.
As an exhibtion of boxing the fight was
a fiifappoiiument, but as proving- Jeffries'
claim to the championship it wan ¦
marked success. Ruhlin's new blow which
he had been practicing was evidently a
right cross after a clinch. He tried this
repeatedly without success. Jeffries
avoided it by keeping close to Ruhlin,
making the blow ineffective.
Continued on Page Two,
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
JEFFRIES DELIVERS A EODY PUNCH THAT SETTLES RUHLIN'S CHANCES.
REFEREE HARRY CORBETT
CHARACTERIZES BATTLE
AS A DISAPPOINTMENT
GTS RUHLIN did not havo a
chance to win. Jeffrie. 5 ; nut
classed him from the tap of the
gong in the first round. The
champion pegged merrily along
the road to victory with a pal
pable confidence that he was Ruhlin'a
master at the game of fisticuffs and the
only time he looked worried and disap
pointed was when Billy Madden tossed
into the ring the time-honored symbol of
defeat. I, too, was disappointed and so
HARRY E. CORBETT
waa the crowd, it was a bad ending for
' a world's championship battle, not. be
cause the average ring follower glories in
brutality and likes to ree the defeated man
¦ pummrled into a -pulp but because the
boxing-loving public is better satisfied.
; when the victors supremacy is clearly es
| tablished by the counting of the fatal ten
, :<- conds over the prostrate form of his de
| feated opponent:
This is the first case I believe in many
i years where a likely aspirant for the
world's championship struck his colors to
the champion by tossing up the sponge.
Of course Ruhlin was out for all light
ing purposes when Billy Madden formally
acknowledged his defeat, but at that it
were better for all parties concerned, in
cluding the spectators, who support the
boxing game, had Gus Ruhlin been al
lowed to toe the scratch for the sixlh
round and face the inevitable knockout.
Manager Madden, of course, has the
interests of his protege at heart, but the
battle would have gone to a more popular
finish had he not thrown up the sponge.
The exhibition was not brutal. Ruhl'n
was wobbling on his pins to be sure,, but
he was not badly punished nor was he
likely to be, for Jeffries kept.rfls head
and a few well-directed blows or perhaps
one would have sent Gus to the mat for
the limit. Then the people could have
filed out of the big pavilion feeling that
they had seen a spectacular finish to a
rather disappointing fight.
It was all over, to my mind when Jeffries
landed a hard right and left on Ruhlln's
battlements in the third round. When
ho went down and I began to count off
the seconds I felt that Ruhlin's chances
for lasting out the round were very slim.
The blows were terrific.
Ruhlin got up and fell into a clinch.
Jeffries coolly untangled himself from the
knot and then the gong sounded. Ruhlin
went to his corner very weak, but the
minute's rest revived him greatly and he
came back apparently strong.. He met
Jeffries with a hard right in the ribs, but
the force of the blow threw Ruhlin a
trifle back and partially around and Jeff
quickly countered him on the jaw. The
blow was a glancing one, but it dazed
Ruhlin. Again Ruhlin seemed to go to
pieces for a moment, but they- clineheu
and Gus came out of it with a clear head.
He fought like a man whose head was al
ternately befuddled and clear.
Kuhlin's Blows Are Weak.
About the middle of the fifth round Jef
fries fiddled Ruhlin around the ring and
into the Akron man's corner, where they
exchanged blbwe. Ruhlin crouched and sent
one or two weak lefts to Jeff's head, which
fell short, and the champion, after letting
Continued on Pags Two.
GUS RUHLIN SAYS A FOUL BLOW
FUT HIM ON THE ROAD TO DEFEAT
¦',: W EFFRIES fouled me in • the third round and the punch,
Si
'¦ M*~T-*& though ; - accidental, . I \ think had a great deal to do .
}': ¦ -> ' ; with "my going to pieces. .; ¦) He hit me in the groin and fol
,-: loived-iit with two hard \[ jolts, [.] ¦ one in the pit of the stomach
• : and. '.the other over the heart, \ ; \ and that I became so weak:
,: . that F could scarcely^keept-my] feet. I staggered around the .
ring cud at times I could hardly see } him: .Everything : looked ..
: black in front of me and I knezu. it would onl\ be a question of ':
; time when I would ''be knocked out. I could have fought a fr^v
: more rounds perhaps after the ' fifth, but I had no chance to win
I except to land -a lucky punch . and at that I don't think I had
-, the strength left to do the trick. '¦¦¦ t Once .or twice in the clinches %
Jeffries elbowed me and in my '' .' weakened condition the jolts I
; '; got didn't do me any ¦ good. He kept boring in on me with all his strength in the clinches and' I
¦ had to away from him in the breakaway. \ I think if I had not received that setback in the
! third round I would have won out. I ¦ was fighting a good, careful fight up to that time and did
not feel that I was in any danger. [^ His punches were good and stiff, but they did not hurt me until .
} - I got the jolts in ; the body and the punch ¦in the groin. , I wanted to go .on and fight after the fifth
/: round, but I suppose Madden acted for the best. / zvas a beaten man and perhaps he did the right,
thing after all I would much rather haye r been knocked out though. When I came to my corner
'after the fifth round I was weak and my head was dizzy. . / got to Jeff's ribs very hard two or
• three times during the fight but I did not have the strength to follow up the advantage.
GVS RUHLLV.
STIRRING INCIDENTS
AND SCENES ATTENDING
CHAMPIONSHIP CONTEST
Description of the Crowd and How It
Behaved During the Progress
of the Battle.
TEN thousand disappointed sport
ing men left the Mechanics' Pa
vilion last evening. They had
gone there to watch two of the
leading exponents of the game of
fisticuffs battle for a champion
ship, and they came away feeling that
they had been handed another pugilistic
goldbrick. No one was willing to say that
the ending of the Jeffries-Ruhlin contest
was a fake, because they saw some fierce
blows struck during the progress of the
battle. The majority condemn the de
feated man for not taking his medicine
and few applaud him and his manager for
giving up the fight without a knockout
blew having been dealt.
Never in the history of boxing in this
city has such a vast crowd attended a
contest. Never in its history has Me
chanics' Pavilion held a more enthusias
tic and orderly crowd. Every seat in the
immense structure was filled and every
inch of standing room on the floor or in
the gallery was occupied by spectators
eager to see two humans batter each
other into insensibility. Men and boys
sought" places of vantage in the rafters
in order to get a better view. Others
crowded closer to the ring. Fortunately
no accident marred the sport. The police,
vr.der Captain Wittman, guarded every
part of the building. People were direct
ed to their seats and warned where dan
ger lay. Every precaution was taken to
prevent accidents and Jhere were none.
The incidents and scenes at the ringside
will long live in the minds of those who
were present.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
It was here that the business man
brushed elbows with his cl«rk, the pro
fessional man chatted with the laborer
and the youth expounded his knowledge
of the art with men i;i ;er and wiser than
himself. The smoke of the perfecto roae
in the air and mingl.'d with the fumes of
the "coffin-nail." Strangers discussed the
merits of the contestants or addressed
one another with the ''amiHarity of long
acquaintance. The excitable man amused
his neignbors by leading with his ann 3
or ducking his head every time a blow
was struck. The seasoned ring-goer sat
back in his hard chair and speculated how
long the battle would last.
The roar of the elements was a whisper
when compared with the tremendous
cheering that numan voices made when
one of the contestants scored heavily. The
hooting of the mob. the groans of the dis
appointed, the cheers ot the enthusiasts
filled the spacious structure.
Long before the hour set for the open
ing of the doors of Mechanics' Pavilion
the streets leading to the amphitheater
were black with people. They filled the
sidewalks and =treets. making it difficult
for pedestrians and vehicles to make their
way. The Pavilion wa.- the Mecca of all
men. They journeyed there afoot, in
cars, carriages and even automobiles. Po
licemen, mounted and afoot, kept the
crowds moving and prevented blockades.
As early as 9 o'clock In the morning the
small boy and hia eld<;r brother, and even
Continued on Page Two.2
BOILERMAKER OUTCLASSES AKRON GIANT
JIM JEFFRIES
TOO HIGH CLASS
FORGUSRUHLIN
Continued from Page One.
In the first two. rounds Ruhlin hit
cleaner than Jeffries and scored the most
8, but they lacked the terrible pun
ishing power of the champion. Jeffries'
hardest blow was a short right to the
body, which the spectators could hardly
see. as- it traveled but a short distance.
Behind it is Jeffries' tremendous strength
of shoulder and back, reinforced by his
femendous weight. He times his blow to
a nicety, delivering it just an instant be
fore a clinch and with his opponent com
ing toward him. Human flesh cannot
withstand this, as it tears and rips like a
shell from one of the Oregon's big guns.
This is the blow which took all the fight
out of Tom Sharkey.
Condon and Curtin Draw.
The evening's entertainment opened
with a preliminary bout between Billy
Condon and Mike Curtin. In. the very first
mix-up both men clinched and fell out
side the ring. The ropes were very loose
and the ring faulty. The first two rounds
were full of wild swings. Condon landed
a few heavy smashes* and scored first
blood. Curtin showed confidence in tha
second and worked to better advantage.
In the third Condon wrestled Curtin to
the floor and the latter remained down
until the count of five. He arose and both
men mixed. Condon was the aggressor
in the fourth, but he missed nearly every
time he led. Near the close of the round
Condon landed a heavy punch over his
opponents heart and tried to follow it
up with a heavy left swing that fell
short. The gallery became dissatisfied
with their fighting and loudly cried to
the referee to put both men out. They
improved in their work in the next round
Both men fought wild and in the clinches
landed a few on the referee. Condon tried
a left shift, but Curtin drew out of dan
ger. Condon had the best of the round.
; The seventh round found both men
tired. Condon did the leading and scored
repeatedly. Curtin was hissed for hitting
in the clinches. The eighth and last round
was fairly good. Both men ' tried hard
for a knockout, but neither could score a
winning punch. Reieree Levison right
fully called it a draw.
Welch Wins a Good Fight.
"Snider" Welch and Joe Fields were
r.ext to do battle. The lads presented dif
ferent appearances In the ring. Welch
was lanky and towered over Fields, who
proved to be a small edition of Sharkey.
The first round was full of fast woric.
Fields assumed the aggressive and landed
gome heavy blows qn his opponent's body.
"Welch retaliated with straight lefts in
the face, but Fields was not feazed.
The second round was replete with fast
fighting. They sailed in and pummeled
each ether so willingly that the crowd
went wild with delight. In one mix-up
they held on and rained heavy blows on
each other's head and body. Fields sent
Welch to the ropes with a right smash
and the lanky one bounced back with a
left on Fields' head. The round put the
crowd in good humor and it cheered when
the gong sent them to their corners.
Fields was beaten down in the third
with lefts on face and body. Fields held
ca and the gong saved him.
Welch went right at his man in the
rext round and Fields met him half way.
Fields was sent down for the count of
three. He arose and staggered Welch
with a right on the jaw. For a minute
it was either man's fight. Both men were
staggering, tut kept boring in. Fields
I roggry, but pluckily kept up the
fight. Welch was overanxious and swung
wildly. He balanced himself for a mo
ment and near the close of the round the
"Spider" swung a left on the jaw and
Fields went to the floor and was counted
out. It was the- best preliminary battle
Been in this city for years. Welch won
because he could take a punch and de
liver them with plenty of steam.
SON OF PUGILIST HERE
ON EVANGELICAL TOUR
Alfred Mace, Son of Noted English
Fighter, to Preach at the
Temple.
Alfred Mace. <dest son of Jem Mace,
the pugilist. *and an evangelist of some
rote, arrived In this city from Los An
geles last night. He will preach at Met
ropolitan Temple to-morrow afternoon.
Thirty years ago Jem Mace made a tour
of America, conquering with his brawn
ana muscle all who dared to face him in
the prize ring. His first-born, animated
by a loftier motive, is now touring the
country on a mission of salvation.
Evangelist Mace is an Englishman, and
is reputed to be an eloquent speaker. He
addressed large audiences in many of the
Eastern cities, and on the completion of
his work here he will sail for Australia,
where for several months he will con
£uct a series of Christian meetings.
Evangelist Mace is not traveling on the
reputation won by his illustrious Fire as a
pugilist. He does not allude to his fath
er's business. He has been preaching for
twenty-four years in England, and is
highly respected by all who know him.
He spent last night at the residence of
a friend, and during his stay here will
be the recipient of attentions by the
clergy as well as laymen interested in
religious work.
Van Buskirk's Manager Talks,
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 15.— The following
telegram was to-night sent to the Twen
tieth Century Club, San Francisco, to be
read at the ringside:
"On behalf of Theodore Van Buskirk, I
hereby challenge the winner of to-night's
fight for twenty rounds, Queensberry
rules. JAKE ZEMANSKY, Manager."
Kid Parker Knocks Out Jacobs.
DENVER. Nov. 15.— Kid Parker of Den
ver knocked out Morris Jacobs of Kansas
City In the second j-ound to-night.
TOM CONSIDINE WEEPS
ON THE WITNESS STAND
Details the Events Leading to the
Slaying of ex-Chief of Police
Meredith.
SEATTLE. Nov. 15.— Thomas J. Consi
<line, brother of John W. Consldine, also
wilder charge of murder of Chief of Police
Meredith, testified this afternoon in be
half of his brother and made an excellent
witness for the defense. He detailed
minutely and at length the movements
of himself and his brother on the after
noon of the killing and gave a version of
the fight in the drug store showing Mere
dith the aggressor throughout. Rigid
cross-examination failed to shake his tes
timony on any important point. While
describing the scene attending the kill
ing the witness broke down on the stand
and sobbed aloud. John Considine was
visibly affected by his brother's emotion
and his wife and father, who sat near'
were moved %o tears.
Piles Cured Without the Knife
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding ivp«
No Cure. No Pay. All druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers o£ Pazo Ointment
to refund money where it (ails to cure ifnv
caee tit piles, no matter of how long standing
Cures ordinary cafes- in six days; the worst
cases In fourteen day*. One application jrives
ease and rest. Relieves itching instantly This
is a new discovery, and Is the only pii c ' rem
edy sold on a positive guarantee, no cure no
pay. A tree sample will be sent by mail to
any one tending their name . and address
Price, 60c. If your druggist don't keep '• in
Etock send EOc In stamps and we will forward
a full size box by mail. Manufactured hv
PARIS MEDICINE. CO.. St. Louis, Mo who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cn r»
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablet*. . *
Walthour Breaks a Record.
MEMPHIS. Term., Nov. 15.— 1n the six
day one-hour-a-night contest to-night
Bobby Walthour broke the world's rec
crd for a similar race, doing twenty
three tniles and four laps, defeating
Jimmy Bowler of Chicago.
Stops the Cough
And work* off the cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold In one day. No
C**d» Xc Pay. X'rice 25 cent*, •
CORBETT SAYS PUBLIC WOULD BE BETTER SATISFIED IF MADDEN HAD NOT STRUCK COLORS.
Continued from Page One.
the blows spend themselves in the air,
reached Ruhlin directly in the solar plexus
with a vicious left hook. Ruhlin winced
and stumbled to the floor, but he man
aged to get up inside the limit. Jeffries
stood off and let Ruhlin make one or two
weak attempts to reach his vulnerable
spot with the left and then Jeff sent in
another hard right to the body. At the
close of the round Ruhlin went to his cor
ner very groggy and then Madden threw
up the sponge. I walked over to Madden
and asked him why he had thrown up the
sponge, and he said:
"Harry, there's no use letting him stand
up there and take all that punching for
nothing. He can't win."
As far as Maddens statement about
Rhulin not having a chance is concerned,
everybody who saw the fight knew as
well as he did that Ruhlin could not win,
.but I believe In common with the ma
jority of those at the ringside that had
Madden sent him up for the next round
Jeffries would have knocked Ruhlin out,
and then everybody would have been bet
ter satisfied.
As a championship battle the contest
was not a success. When the two men
faced each other it could be seen that
Ruhlin was uncertain and fidgety and a
trifle timid. He might have been using
careful tactics, but Tie looked to me like
a man who felt a bit frightened. In the
first two rounds Ruhlin did some fairly
good fighting. He backed away from Jeff
repeatedly, but when the champion bored
in on him Ruhlin met him once or twice
with hard jolts in the body. In the sec
ond round Ruhlin smashed Jeffries In the
mouth and drew blood. Jeffries became
riled and returned the compliment with a
succession of jolts in the stomach.
Once in the third round Jeffries sent
Ruhlin up against the ropes with a
straight left in the eye, and followed it
with a smash in tho stomach. Ruhlin
backed further up against the ropes and
murmured something about the. blow be
ing foul, but I had my eye on both
punches, and the las; blow was well
above the stomachy Ruhlin complained'
several times about Jeffries boring in
after the breakaway, but this to my mind
was perfectly fair. If Jeffries did not «cc
fit to step back after a breakaway In
which he made no attempt to hit Gus' he
had as much right to lo it as Ruhlin had
to break ground.
Taking everything Into consideration
both men fought a good, clean battle in
which nobody figured as a winner but
James J. Jeffries, champion heavy-weight
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
REFEREE CORBETT SAYS
RUHLIN WAS OUTCLASSED
KbbßhE HARRY CORBETT after, the fight said: : "Ruhlin is not in
Jeffries' class. At least he did , not ! show himself to be - in to-night's
battle. Gus was clearly outclassed from the start, and had not Madden
thrown up the sponge Ruhlin could have lasted scarcely another round.
He was all but gone, but at that Madden should have* 1 allowed the bout
to go to a knockout. While I do not think.that Ruhlin had one chance
JbhßhE HARRY even an accidental the fight said: "Ruhlin is turned
effries' class. At least he did not show himself to be in to-night's
attle. Gus was clearly outclassed from the start, and had not Madden
irown up the sponge Ruhlin could have lasted scarcely another round,
le was all but gone, but at that Madden should have allowed the bout
d go to a knockout. While I do not think that Ruhlin had one chance
1 a million to land even an accidental punch that would have turned
the tide of battle in his. favor, there are many sporting men who be
eve that as long as a seemingly defeated man is on his feet the unex
pected might happen, and had Madden allowed Ruhlin to come up for
the' sixth round for his medicine I think everybody would have been better satisfied. The
punishment Jeff was inflicting on Ruhlin was not brutal. It was not a case where one man was
a chopping-block for the other. Ruhlin, course, was weak and in distress, but at the same
. time he was able to protect. himself fairly well. Jeffries was timing his blows too well for the
bout to have developed into an inhuman affair. ;, I think it was * only a question .of about
twenty or thirty seconds of the sixth round when Jeff would have polished Ruhlin off with a
well-directed sleep-producer, and then the thousands who paid their good money to see the
championship battle would have left the big pavilion feeling no disappointment. The almost
imperceptible jar of Jeff's punches told on Ruhlin. I could see the effect of ' Jeff's punches
better than those who sat away from the ringside. k When Ruhlin went down f or 'the count in
the second round I thought then that a few more seconds of the round would end the bout.
Ruhlin 'complained several times about Jeffries pressing him in r the breakaways, but Jeff had a
perfect right to bore in as long as Ruhlin broke ground. If Ruhlin objected to Jeffries'
methods in this respect he should have held his ground. They broke clean at my orders, and
• I have absolutely no complaint to make about the actions of either man as far ats putting up
a fair battle is rnnrernpHi'" ' ' ...'._. *
pugilist of the world.
Heavy-Weights Fight a Draw.
SALT LAKE, Nov. lb.— Jimmie Burns of
Spokane and "Dummy" Rowan of Ana
conda, heavy-weights, fought twenty
rounds to a draw at the Salt Lake Ath
letic Club to-night. Burns, -who was ten
pounds heavier and six inches taller than
the mute, had all the oetter of the milling
after the sixth round, and from the fif
teenth on had Rowan bleeding. The lat
ter's aggressiveness yon him the draw.
JEFFRIES WILL TJMPTBE
A LEAGUE BALL GAME
After searching over the entire country
for a man capable of umpiring a base
ball game to the satisfaction of both
• r
sides and the spectators Included, the
management of the California League
have hit upon James J. Jeffries as the
man to fill the long felt want. The cham
pion was last night chosen to umpire the
game between Los Angeles and Oakland
next Sunday at Recreation Park. Jeffries
is fully capable of fulfilling these arduous
duties, having played ball since boyhood.
There is no danger that his decisions
will be doubted by the players. Jeffries
will be too big for the ball tossers to at
tack unless they use a bat. Instead of
fining them for giving "back sass," Jim
may show the spectators his method of
beating champion aspirants and unruly
ball players.
CONGREGATION TENDERS
PASTOB A RECEPTION
Rev. J. George Gibson Celebrates I
Seventh Year of His
* Ministry.
Rev. J. George Gibson of the Emmanuel
Baptist . Church on > Bartlett street was
last night tendered a reception by the
members of his congregation. The occa
sion was the completion of the seventh
year of his ministry. The rooms wore
handsomely decorated with evergreens,
chrysanthemums and cut flowers. The
following programme was rendered:
Soloists— Mrs. James Hamilton Howe Miss
Clara Madden. L. A. Larsen, Miss Grace Sav
age, Rev. J. George Gibson. Organ, toccata
and fugue In D minor (Bach); barytone solo
"Lift Your Glad Voices." from "Camien :
Rev. J. George Gibson, accompanist Miss Lotta
Underbill: contralto solo. "O Lord Be Mo»r.i
ful" (Bartlett). Mrs. J. H. Howe,' accomnan"
Ist James Hamilton Howe. Mu. B : orean io
fanfare, (b) contabile, (c) finale (Lemmens)
soprano, solo. "A Rose' In Heaven" (Froter«»V
Mi 33 Clara Madden; organ, Improvisation lead
ing to Antloch postlude (Howe); contralto solo
"Love's Nocturne" (Kellie). Miss Grace 1'
Savage, accompanist Miss Ethel C Kran.i
reading, "Twilight Music" (Gibson)" R™ V
George Gibson; tenor solo, (a) "Dawn" icsU-X'
erset). (b) "Absent" (Matcalf). Herbert wE"
Hams (first tenor Knlckobocker Quartet)- con
tralto solo, "In Heavenly Love Ahldw"
(Howe). Mrs. J. H. Howe, accompanist ji2£
g^VhmnJr 6 " M " B : organ - StfitSFS
. " . «? « ' , ' '. .
Church Asks Leave to Morteaee
The Richmond Congregational Church
petitioned the Superior Court yesterday
for leave to mortgage its property at the
corner of Clement street and Seventh aye
nue, to raise funds to pay an indebfprinl
of $4000 on the church building The n<? t i
December b€f ° rQ A^lea^ell
HOWTHE CROWD
ACTED DURING
THE BIG FIGHT
•Continued From Page One.
his father, took up positions in line in
order to secure the beot seats in the gal
lery. They waited pauently all the aay,
and as the hours passed they were rein
forced by hundreds vi others, until a line
wound itself around tlic Pavilion until it
met at the entrance.
The small boy reaped a harvest by dis
posing of hia place 111 line to late comers.
The ticket scalper sold tickets at a pre
mium that added to hia bank account. t>o
eager were men to see the championship
battle that they were willing and did give
double the price on the face of the ticKet.
Before the doors were thrown open the
house had practically been sold out. It
was then that the SDeculator came for
ward and lured shekels by his enticing
pasteboards.
Crowds Grow Impatient.
Owing to a misunderstanding the doors
were not opened until 7:15 o'clock. The
crowds became impatient at the dela
gave a welcome shout when they began
to move toward their goal. Then there
was a hurrying and scurrying, pushing
and shoving that made an animated pic
ture. The building echoed with the shouts
of the crowd and the cries of the ushers
and the ever-present peanut butcher.
It was noticed that the house was filled
with strangers. They came from, every
portion of California, from nearby States
and from the distant East. All were
anxious to witness the championship con
test and they will return home with a
morsel of conversation*that will last them
many a day.
The \ight-flngered gentry plied their ne
farious calling and gathered enough val
uables to start a small-sized jewelry store.
The more bolder thief, anxious to view
the contest without depleting his purse,
snatched pasteboards and escaped in the
crowd. The unfortunates were tauwht a
lesson, took their loss philosophically, and
bought other tickets.
The Pavilion tilled up very rapidly. An
announcement, had been made that the
champion and the aspirant for champion
ship laurels would appear in the ring
promptly at 3:15 o'clock. This promise was
kept and the public was satisfied. The
preliminary battles were interesting and
occupied the attention of the spectators
during the interim.
Jeffries arrived at the Pavilion shortly
after 8 o'clock and wint to his dressing
room on the second fleer. He was accom
panied by his trainer, Billy Delaney; his
sparring partners. Jack Jeffries and Bob
Armstrong, and intimate friends. The big
fellow was in high spirits and displayed
none of the nervousness one would ex
pect a champion to show on the eve of
a battle. He laughed and joked and gave
every indication that he was full of confi
dence. How different was it in Ruhlin's
dressing-room. Here everything was sub
dued. A feeling of Impending dtsaster
hovered in the air. Ruhlin tried to appear
happy, but his mtnd was filled with the
contract before him. He rested up to the
hour of going into the ring.
Jeffries Warmly Received.
"When the preliminary contests were
concluded workmen spread a nice new
canvas over the ring. Its whiteness was
reflected in the powerful light given by
eighty arc lamps suspended from an as
bestos canopy over the rins- The light
was dazzling at first, but the people close
to the ring became accustomed to it.
Jeffries was first to put in an appearance.
As the champion's form was discerned in
the semi-darkness a mighty cheer rent
the air. He was clad in a red sweater,
and his powerful jaws munched a hunk o*
gum. He was greeted on every side and
he responded to the well wishes with
smiles, happy replies and nods. In hi.*
wake came his trainer, the ever faithful
Delaney, and his seconds. Within a few
minutes Ruhlin followed and received a
hearty reception. The aspirant's features
wore a half smile, but he seemed to be
Imbued with a feeling that he had a harH
contract on hand and he had careworn
lines on his face.
The moment the men were in the ring
there was a craning of necks. Men in
the anxiety to get a better view of the
ring pressed forward and were in danger
of meeting with an accident. In the gal
lery they pressed again3t a balustrade,
but were dislodged from their dangerous
position by the police. There were cries
of "sit down" mingled with derisive yells
Pandemonium reigned until the gong 3ent
the men to their work. Then a silence
stole over the building that contrasted
strangely with the noise of a minute be
fore. It was an expectant hush and wad
broken from time to time by the shouts
of approval given for either contestant
Before the battle Harry Corbett was pre
sented with a miniature bear by the mem
bers of tha Bakersfield Bear Club in ap
preciation of Corbett's prowess as a
hunter.
During the progress of the battle Billy
Maddens face was a study. The heavy
blows Jeffries landed on Ruhlin seeme-l
to give Madden greater pain than his pro
tege. There was suffering in his face and
nervousness in his demeanor. Many
watched the manager throughout the bat
tle and pitied him every time he winced
Eddie Miller, a lame boy. who has al
ways acted as mascot to Jeffries when he
fought in this city, was present last night
The boy was in his element, and wai
proud that he brought luck to the cham
pion.
Eager to Pose,
At the close of the battle youths anx
ious to have their faces appear in the
moving pictures jumped into the ring and
performed for posterity' 3 benefit. Some
jealous individual seated close to the pho
tographing apparatus tried to foil them
by placing his hat over the camera. When
this was discovered by the operators the
mischievous person was given a beating
The crowd quickly dispersed. As soon
as the Pavilion was cleared the lights
were extinguished and the telegraph op
erators, anxious to send the news of the
battle to other cities, i.eked off their news
with the aid of candies.
There was g'.oom in Ruhlin's dressing
room after the content. Every one felt
sad. Friends tried to enliven the defeat
ed man, but their words of cheer had lit
tle effect. A scene of rejoicing was pre
sented in the victor's dressing-room. Jef
fries was like a schoolboy. He was show
ered with congratulations, but had pres
ence of mind to tell his trainers to look
after hi 3 costume, as certain people might
carry the garments off as souvenirs
"Syndicate" Bob Armstrong wore a smile
as large as a slice out of a piece of water
melon. Delaney was contented, and the
others were alike happy.
Acquitted on Murder Charge.
J. Menander, a longshoreman, who wai
charged with the murder of James Peter
son, a marine painter, at Battery and
Jackson streets, by stabbling him twice
was acciuitted by Judge Cabaniss yester
day after Attorney Caldwell had made a
motion to dismiss. The jury at the In
quest Thursday brought in a verdict of
justifiable homicide, aa Menaader had
acted in self-defense.
Administered Knockout Drops.
John Baker was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Cabanlss in
$1000 bonds yesterday on the felony charge
of administering knockout drops. He met
William Street, a machinist from Vallejo,
in a Kearny-street saloon and put several
drops of chloral into his beer. Street had
to be taken to the Receiving Hospital and
for a time was in a serious condition.
Disfigured Skin
Wasted muscles and decaying bones.
What havoc !
Scrofula, let alone, is capable of all that,
and more.
It is commonly marked by bunches In
the neck, inflammations in the eyes, dys-
pepsia, catarrh, and general debility.
It - is always radically and permanently
cured by
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which expels all humors, cures all erup-
tions, and builds up the whole system,
whether young or old.
Hood's Pill* cnr« liv«r fIU : the non-irritating Mid
only cathartic to tafca with Hood's SarMparluZEXPERTS SAY RUHLIN COULD NOT WIN
DELANEY SORRY CONTEST
WAS SO UNSATISFACTORY
ELANEY, Jeffries' manager, said: "I
knew Jeffries would win. I saw that he
had Ruhlin's measure from the very out
set, and I thought it was but a question of
time when Gus would be forced to give
up the battle. lam very much pleased
with the result, but would have been bet
ter pleased if it had ended in another way.
It is the first championship battle that was
won and lost that way. Although the man
was punched harder than the spectators appreciated, still it
would have been better if Ruhlin had been counted out. It gives
the people a chance to talk, and this has a bad effect upon the
fighting game. Jeffries cannot be blamed. He did all the forc
ing, and followed his opponent all over the ring from bell to
bell. Jim was in splendid condition. Not a blow that Ruhlin
landed caused him any bother. He had not begun to fight. Had
he gone at his man as we all know he can, he would have made
things lively. He has a punch that hurts when it lands. Ruhlin
simply could not stand those he received. When he went to his
corner at the close of the fifth round I knew that Ruhlin was
beaten. It therefore did not surprise me to see Madden throw
up the sponge. I felt all along that Jeffries would win, and the
same confidence I had was felt by the champion. He was as
cool as a cucumber, and fought just as I wanted him to fight.
He did not hurry, because he had plenty of time before him.
That Jim is entitled to the title of heavy-weight champion of
the world was borne out, in my opinion, to-night. He is now
ready to fight Fitzsimmons or Tom Sharkey. Jeffries will go
out of training for a week or so and then return to Harbin to
prepare for his next contest, if one can be arranged.' 1
SOME OF THE NOTABLE
INTERIOR SPORTING MEN
WHO VIEWED THE FIGHT
NO other contest ever held in the
city attracted such a delegation
of "out of town" sporting folks',
and almost to a man they
brough- along coin to bet on Jef
fries. Moot ol them will go home
disappoir.'ed. as there was a per
fect deluge of Jeffries money in all of the
resorts where any v ajarering on the result
•was indulged in.
Early on the Fcenea-d occupying choice
was Sacramento s offering to the
ow. In one gruur) Mayor George
Clark, genial and suave as usual, received
the congratulations of San Francisco
friends on his great victory in the mayor
alty fight. Close by were 1 -ank Wright,
CHAMPION'S MOTHER HAS
FAITH IN HIS PROWESS
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 15.— Mrs. Jeffries, mother of the redoubtable James J., had
such an abiding faith in her son's prowess that she would not leave home to-night, but
retired early, just about the time her son entered the ring. So confident of the outcome
was she that when asked if she cared to come downtown and read the reports of the
battle in the north, she said:
"No, I will wait until the morning— we will all know then. That will be soon enough "
Mrs. Jeffries believed that a few hours of waiting would not change the outcome a bit
and so she looked at the matter in a philosophical way. She has not heard from Jim re
cently and does not know much about the fight.
"You know more about it than I," she said this evening. "None of us know anything
for sure. \\ c wil| all know in the morning."
Mrs. Jeffries does not approve of her son's business, but inasmuch as he has adopted
fighting as a profession, she is proud to see him at the top of the list.
The champion's mother expressed some solicitude when informed that it was raining
in San Francisco, but concurred in the belief that those who had journeyed so far to see the
battle would not be deterred from seeing it by a little thing like rain.
"I suppose they already have bought their tickets," said Mrs. Jeffries. She knows her
son is not fighting for his health, and properly has an eye to the main chance.
John Jeffries, the preacher, the father of the champion, has written from Europe that,
though he despises his son's occupation, he hopes that, so long as James is fighting, he will
be successful. The elder Jeffries was confident his son would be returned a winner in his
fight with Ruhlin.
Jim's sister looked at his battle much as did her mother. She had the same abiding
faith in the man's strength and good fortune as had others of the Jeffries family. None of the
family seem to think that this was the time James J. Jeffries was to lose the championship.
Mrs. Jeffries agreed that "they all must lose some time," but she did not think the occasion
had yet arrived.
Dan Kevane, Colonel Frank Ruhstaller
and Chief of Police Jack Sullivan. The
entire party was chaperoned by "Fatty"
Martin, the hack magnate and only rival
of "Fatty" Blodes for heavy-weight hon
ors Billy Lamphrey, a well-known poli
tician of the capital city, answered roll
call.
Be Haven Backs Ruhlin.
Among the enthusiastic supporters of
Ruhlin was Ed de Haven, a mining spec
ulator, hailing from Chicago, who bet
enough to draw down more than $1000 if
the Akron man couid have landed a
punch.
Joe Gavin, a widely known sporting
Continued on Page Five.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
THE RIVAL GLADIATORS AND SOME NOTABLBS WHO SAW THE FIGHT.
JEFFRIES' HARD BLOWS
IN THE FIRST ROUND
TOO MUCH FOR RUHLIN
BEFORE the last brace of boxers
In the preliminary bouts were
out of the ring, men representing
the Edison Company appeared
with a new canvas of dazzling
¦whiteness for the ring floor. This
was intended to reflect the fierce
light which beat down upon the boxers
and make sure of the success of the pic
ture machine.
A frame suspended over the ring held a
number of arc lamps which threw a total
of 80,000 candle-power light upon the ring.
When the light was turned on the faces
of the spectators near the ring were
thrown out in bold relief. A ripple of ap
plause went through the house as the
view burst upon the spectators. It was as
light as noon-day in the immediate vi
cinity of the ring, the remainder of Ihe
pavilion being In semi-darkness, as the
other lights were turned out. Jeffries was
the first of the boxers to put in an appear
ance. He came down the aisle dressed in
a bright red sweater and black trousers
and shaded his eyes with his hand as lie
entered the ring. Following him were Dc
ianey and his attendants.
Ruhlin climbed through the ropes from
the opposite side of the ring and imme
diately sat down. Jeffries eyed him cu
riously, and then strolled about the ring,
testing the holding quality of his shoes
on the new canvas. Some friend at the
ringside handed him up a gray golf cap,
which he put on, doing away with the
necessity of shading his eyes.
Ruhlin selected the southwest corner of
the ring-. There was a short discussion
as to where the men should sit, resulting'
in Madden and Delaney tossing a coin for
choice. Delaney won, and chose the cor
ner in which Ruhlin was sitting. Jeffries
was seconded by Billy Delaney, Jack Jef
fries, Dewitt Van Court and his sparring
partner, Bob Armstrong. Behind Ruhlin
were Billy Madden, Charles Goff, Denver
Ed Martin and Young Gibus. The time
keepers were: For the club, George
Harding; for Jeffries, Jack Roberts, and
for Ruhlin, Phil Wand.
Fighters Are Introduced.
Billy Jordan, the master of ceremonies,
presented the men to the spectators. He
first led out Ruhlin and, with a wave of
his hand, said, "the Akron giant, Gus
Ruhlin." He then took Jeffries to the
center of the ring and announced him as
"the only champion of the world, James
Jeffries." "Harry Corbett will referee
this contest," was his introduction of the
referee.
Police Captain Wittman entered the
ring and he was handed the gloves the
men were to wear. He felt of them care
fully and pronounced them satisfactory.
Madden and Delaney also Inspected the
gloves and apparently had no fault to
tind with them. The usual conference in
midring between the principals and the
referee was a brief one. They shook
hands and agreed readily to the instruc
tions given them by the referee. Tim
McGrath challenged the winner on behalf
of Tom Sharkey. The friends of Harry
Corbett from Bakersfleld at this juncture
sent a toy bear into the ring and this was
presented to Harry Corbett. It bore the
following inscription:
"Presented to Harry E. Corbett, the
bear hunter, by the Bakersfleld Bear
Club."
There was a slight dispute as to wheth
er Corbett or the timekeepers would count
off the ten seconds if either man was
knocked down, Delaney said: "We agreed
that Harry Corbett was to do the count
ing.'' He then directed his conversation
to the timekeepers and said: "No one is
to count out loud except the referee."
When Jeffries stripped down it was seen
he was dressed in black trunks with an
American .flag around his waist. Before
he commenced fighting he removed this
and attached it to the ring post in his
corner. Ruhlin wore closely knitted white
trunks.
Billy Jordan announced: "This fight is
for twenty rounds, Marquis of Queens
berry rules. Will break at the order of
the referee."
The two principals and the referee were
left alone in the rinp. and the gong sent
them together for the first round. They
fiddled about for a few moments, when
Ruhlin led with his left, landing lightly
on the body. Jeffries then crowded him
around the ring, Ruhlin backing off and
poking out his left. Jeffries led and land
ed lightly on the body. He showed the
utmost confidence in himself and did not
try to evade some of the blows. Ruhlin
jabbed Jeffries on the mouth and Jeffries
followed with a right io the body. Ruh
lin sent a right to the heart without re
turn. Jeffries missed a left swing and
Ruhlin ducked another on the breakaway.
There were some light exchanges, and
then Jeffries sent a right to the body,
which Ruhlin claimed after the fight
shook him up considerably. It appeared
Ruhlin intended to make a runaway fight,
as he kept backing away from Jeffries
during the latter part of the round.
When the men went to their corners
Ruhlin looked far from being happy,
while Jeffries had apparently not done
enough work to make him breathe hard.
He required no attention from his seconds
Continued on Pag-e Five.
SILER SAYS RUHLIN HAD
ATTACK OF STAGE FRIGHT
GEORGE SILER, the oldest and most prominent referee in America, who came here to
report the fight for his paper, the Chicago Tribune, was disappointed at the outcome
and had very little to say about the result. In an interview he gave his views tersely.
"I thought in the beginning that the result was a foregone conclusion. I was
very much surprised, however, at Ruhlin's poor showing. I thought from the reports I had
of his good condition and the speed he showed while boxing with Ed Martin that he would
give Jeffries a pretty good fight. Of course we all know he easily outpointed the champion
in the first four rounds. His hitting was very much the cleaner, but his alleged redoubtable
left on which he depended to win the fight was not in evidence. He landed with it often
enough, but there was no steam behind it. His best blows, those which proved to be the most
effective, were rights to the body. Ruhlin was nervous, had no confidence, and seemed to be
troubled with stage fright.
Jeffries, fought just as I expected. He said weeks sgo that he would not stay away
but would force the battle, which he did. He found in Ruhlin rather a hard man to catch 1
thought the fight would end in the third round, when Jeff landed a hard left hook Ruhlin
was clever enough to stay the round out by clinching. The fight was the poorest champion
ship battle that ever occurred in this country. It is questionable whether Ruhlin could have
gone much farther at the time he stopped. It is a difficult thing to gauge the shape
he was in after receiving several hard punches in the stomach from a hitter like Jeffries. Mad
den declared he saw no use in having his man butchered, and he is a good judge. If Ruhlin
could have fought all night he would have had no chance to ultimately win. In a word the
fight was in every sense unsatisfactory, and I was greatly disappointed at the weak battle
that Ruhlin put up.
MADDEN EXPLAINS REASON
FOR THROWING UP SPONGE
ILLY MADDEN has this to say:
J "After the third round I saw that my man
ras out of it, and when Jeffries slugged
im all over the ring in the fifth round I
new it was no use letting Ruhlin stay
lere. Therefore when he came to his cor
er at the end of the fifth round I decided
d throw up the sponge. Gus was weak
nd almost defenseless and I did not want
> let him go up for the terrific grueling
received in the sixth round. Fitz gave
in the same round of their fight,*and
when I saw that Ruhlin did not have a single chance in ten mil
lion to win I did what I thought was a humane thing to do.
There is no use letting a man stand up and take punishment sim
ply because the audience want to see a man knocked out. lam
more disappointed over the result of the battle than anybody
knows. I thought Gus would win to a certainty, but fate was
against us. Jeffries is a big, strong fellow with a terrific punch,
and he got the lead on my man in the third round. He hit Gus
several stp raps on the jaw which dazed him and left him open
for left and right hand jolts in the stomach. I think the body '
blows did the trick. Ruhlin might have fought a round or two
more and he might not. At any rate he had no chance to trim
the boiler-maker, and rather than see him unmercifully pum
meled I threw up the sponge. In the first round Gus hit the
champion several hard jolts in the ribs which I think hurt Jef
fries. He sent a straight left to Jeff's mouth which drew blood
and shook the champion up a bit, and if Ruhlin had a chance to
win it was then. If Jeffries had not caught Ruhlin that left
hook in the body in the third round there might have been a dif
ferent story to tell.
BETTING THE LIGHTEST
EVER KNOWN ON CONTEST
IN CHAMPIONSHIP CLASS
THE betting on the fight was t)ve
lightest ever known in a cham
pionship fight here. The chief
reason for this was that oppor
tunities for extensive wagering
were not present owing to the
anti-gambling law. The principal
places where money couid be placed were
the cigar stands in the lower part of the
city.
Hardly more than $20,000 was placed on
the outcome of the fight, as the money
was chiefly placed in small amounts. The
betting opened yesterday at 10 to 5, but
the avidity with which the admirers of
Ruhlin snapped at this price sent the odds
to 20 to 9. This was the price throughout
the day. After the price became settled
betting men who favored Jeffries figured
a way by which they could get better re
turns for their money. They bet even
money Jeffries would win inside twelve
rounds. All afternoon the admirer, of
Ruhlin were ready with their money ?u
small amounts, but men to back Jeffrie*
seemed lacking, the men with the paste"
SiXS £SS£. tO deC " ne many ° tt ™ ot
f-^ oo^? 10 *!" bet 200 on-Rahlla against
ofth? bet m 3 aupplyln * to « bi««d
In the paris mutuels at Ocean View of
the first 200 tickets sold 110 were on Jeff
ries and ninety on Ruhlfn. On Jeffries on
the line from one to five rounds fifteen
tickets were sold; six to nine round*
twenty-one: ten to fourteen rounds. twen
ty-six, fifteen to nineteen rounds eight
en; twenty rounds, thirty tickets
On Ruhlin to win in from one to five,
rounds eighteen tickets were sold* six to
nine rounds, twelve tickets; ten to four
teen rounds, eighteen; fifteen to nineteen
rounds eighteen; twenty rounds, twenty.
34
FOOTBALL GAME FOR THE M'KINLEY FUND
LOWELL SCHOOL
ELEVEN MEETS
SANTA CLARA
Sharp, Snappy Play Looked
For From the Clever Teams
on Folsom - Street Field
THE football, elevens of Lowell
High School and Santa Clara Col
lege will meet this afternoon at 3
o'clock at Sixteenth and Folsom
streets. The game is under the
direction of the Academic Athletic League
officials and is for the benefit of the Mc-
Kinley memorial fund, the entire receipts
being devoted to that object.
The Lowell team has won every game
it has played this year. Berkeley High
and Napa High have each won their sub
leagues and will play a game Saturday.
The winner of that game— probably
Berkeley— will play Lowell for the cham
pionship. These two teams also were in
the finals last year. The style of play of
the two teams is similar. Both play a
speedy game and masses on tackles and
loose formations on end runs are much
used •¦ by them. Berkeley is also strong
on the defense, while this is Lowell's one
rather weak point. They are, however,
practicing daily to overcome this weak
ness.
Lowell will be given an excellent op
portunity to show its ability to-day. San
ta Clara has, excepting her first game, ¦
won every game this season. Since the.
Berkeley-Stanford game several Berkeley
men have been assisting the Lowell team
in their work, and the result is already
being seen in practice.
Mr. Castlehoun, a Berkeley tackle of
two seasons ago, assisted by Pete Cook,
an old Lowell guard, have worked dili
gently in Lowell's behalf. With a small
squad they have built a speedy, scientific
eleven which, though light, is still a line
smashing team. Lowell has not been
scored again this season and '• recently
placed and defeated two teams in one
afternoon.
The Santa Clara team Is a much heav
ier team. They have played a great many
games this season and only in their first
against the Stanford, freshmen were they
beaten.
Santa Clara's defense is her strong
point, though under competent coaching
her end formations have a clockwork reg
ularity and her mass plays great force.
End running seems to be Santa Clara's
favorite play, and on the defense her ends
have seldom been run around this season
for anything like a sure gain. The line
is particularly strong and the center trio
work well together. Cutter, an ex-Olym
pic player, acknowledged by many to be
the best punter on the coast, plays full
back for them and should do good work
for his team. Against him in punting is
Hamilton. Lowell's young kicker. Hamil
ton's strong point is kicking goals from
the field, having accomplished this feat
several times this season Iron) behind the
25-yard line.
A pretty contest should result from the
kicking. Both men punt high. Both
teems have fast, speedy ends that get
down the field on punts.
There should be a good attendance. The
field will perhaps be heavy, but not
enough so to spoil end running. The
teams will line up:
Santa Clara. Position. Lowell.
Keefe R— E— L Heron
Castro R— T— L. Keegan
Kurch R— — L Banels
Ohicazola Onter Edwarcis
Kecney I.. G— R Mai-Kim.-
Latvler L— X ; KMd
Ivancovieh — X— X Baldwin
Rtgan Quarter -Falk.
OoEgriff K— H— L Middletcn
McUee Lr-H— H .; Vcsburgh
Cutter Full Hamiltja
LAST REGATTA
OF THE YEAR
AT BELVEDERE
Olympians Will Compete in
Both Skiffs and Barges
Over in Tiburon Waters
The last event of the rowing season of
1901 will take place in Tiburor. Cove to
morrow. When the Olympic Boat' Club
v.-ill give a programme of half a dozen
events. There will be senior and junior
barge races, trials of speed in the out
rigged skiff, a veteran race between S. J.
• Pembroke and J. K. Bookman, and pos
sibly an exhibition race between A. \V..
Pape and T. J. {Sherry. The following
entries are expected in the skiff races:
Cunning-ham, Meherin, Lombard, Fulton,
Jarvin, Prendergaut and Longwell. The
barge crews are not made up definitely,
but A. W. Pape or George James will pull
stroke of one ot the crews and T. J.
Sherry of the other. One senior crew will
probably be composed of Percy Burr,
Charles Leighton, Oeorge James and A.
W. Pape, and the other of T. J. Sherry.
Charles Melrose, N. Prendergast and R.
U. Cornell. In the junior class Hampton,
Fulton, Bullion and Paddock will prob
ably pull against Long well, Clawson, Ber
ger and Brandenstein.
The rowing tank which is to be built
for the Olympic oarsmen will be on the
roof of the Post-street clubhouse. It will
afford accommodation for two single
scullers and a four-oared crew. It will
be fifty feet long, about twenty wide and
three deep. The ends will be rounded and
'the oars will be pierced with holes, so
that the water will offer a proper resist
ance, and, being kept in motion, will not
be dead. ¦ ' ¦ -
The Alameda Boat , Club , will give its
annual variety entertainment in Armory
Hall. Alameda; on December 6. The com
mittee in charge consists of A. G. Bell
(chairman), Harry Dumont, E. B Thorn
ing, Sidney Pollard and Charles H. Smith
J> A LtL t meetln & f the Dolphin Boating
. Club held on Wednesday night the fol
lowing were- chosen -a- nominating com
mittee to prepare, the regular ticket for
« e A^°?i lnR -£ ea £ W - °- Pat< * (chair
man) Alex W. Pape, Frank Currev, Con
Conniff and Joseph, S. : Earls. Th» com
mittee will report at a meeting to be held
to-morrow at the boathouse. It is prac
tially certain they" will select 'an entirely
new board of officers, only A P Roth
kopf being left of the old-timers, and Cap
tain TV -, O. Patch. wait Alex W. Pane
being relegated to the duty of delegates
to the Pacific Association. On December
£ the club will hold a dinner oft Arcadia
Island Rlchardsons Bay. After much
discussion it was decided that the club
will Five no picnic next year
The club has more than three hundred
dollars on hand, though during the past
J a S aH» * cx »*' n<Jed mor « than one thou
1 dollars in expense - -
At the end of January* or early In Feb
ruary. IMS. the Dolphins will give a ball
and entertainment in Golden Gate or Na
SJ! S o^ Hall> the committee in char^
u f j t> s - Barl " w c S
nand. and lj *° Wif
The Olympic oarsmen. will hold their re
gatta at Belvedere to-morrow, no matte
what the conditions of the weather may
Automobile Club Run.
Prpwdem F. A. Hyde of the Automobile
Club of California has returned from his
tern States. The contem
plated run into the country will tak
place in a week or two and will b, . ithe
to Mies Canyon or over the newly opened
Mann County boulevard, near Tiburon
A steamer will be cnartered to cofivev
the machines out and home. It is pro
posed to have a regular run each month
at full moon to the Cliff House and t"
hoid the monthly open meetings there
Welcome Rain Visits State.
Light. Intermittent showers fell in all
sections of the State throughout the
whole of - yesterday. The rain was very
me to the agricultural districts. for
fel| the need of it for some
• r MrAdle states that the
tame fort of weather may be expected
to-day.
CRACK FOOTFALL ELEVEN OF LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL WHICH PLAYS TO-DAY FOR THS BENEFIT OF McKINLEY FUND.
DECLARE MEET
AT PETALUMA
BIG SUCCESS
Local Leashmen Satisfied
With Outcome of Recent
Coirsing Away From Home
The coursing men of this city are more
than pleased at the outcome of the open
plains meeting, held this week at Peta
luma. Not that they came home with
increased bank rolls, for the Egg City
sports on the second day of the meet
had the visitors all but out. Luck and
good coursing had brought D. J. Healey's
great little performer Fcr Glory to the
final to compete with Aeolus. Petaluma
was behind its representative to a man
and was not slow at making good in the
pool boxes. The city delegation kept re
sponding until they had forced their
choice from even money to odds of 5 to
4. Aeolus showed a great lead and despite
the fact that For Glory had the favor
of the hare and at one time was within
a point of his score, outworked the Henley
kennel entry for the flag in a fine trial.
A feature of the meeting and one that
was responsible to a great extent for its
ultimate success was the grand showing
maile by the dogs of the Prinoe of Peta
ruma. Seven time 1 ? in the rurf down the
hounds t>f his kennel were sent to the
slips and on every occasion were returned
winners. After each victory a crowd of
the new enthusiasts would line up at the
pool box and cash for food suims. Their
repeated successes made new converts to
the cport and before the tirst round was
finished money was freeiy offered at even
that the star performer of the kennel,
Sisqiioo, would carry off first honors.
\ hile no doubt many of the bettors of
fering the price were carried away with
local pride, the offer at that time looked
an even proposition. The following day,
however. Sisquoo met his fate in his trial
with Slim, his half-brother. No one looked
for anything but a one-sided trial. Slim
proved a surprise evvn to his supporters,
who played him for luck alone because
of his long price. Slim nipped the hare
but lost it and Sisquoo by killing made
it an undecided. In the next trial Slim
was saved by the kill. Then in a hard
course Sisquoc won out. After beating
Miss Wilson in a long go. Sisquoc put up
a wonderful trial with St. Ives and was
in possession when the course ended.
The one sad feature of the meeting was
the death of Achilles. Mike Nealon's besi
performer. Achilles was liberated in an
InclofUre near town for a romp. Nealon
missed him but after a search found him
dead, near the fence. Ills neck was
broken.
Wasps and Senators Tie.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 15.— The San
Fr%.ncipoos and the Sarramentos played
a nine-inning tie game this afternoon, the
score standing: 5 to 5 when the game was
called on account of darkness. Both
Stricklett and Iburg were found frequent
ly, but it was Doyle's throw in from right
field that lost the game for the locals.
IFis throw landed near the pitcher's box
and as none of the infield were there to
receive it. as they should have been, the
ball rolled out to the bleachers and al
lowed two runs to score. The attendance
was light and the day cold and cloudy.
Score:
PAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, c. f 5 1 0 0 2 0 1
"Wilson, c 4 2 2 0 3 2 1
Hildebrand, 1. f 5 0 4 0 3 0 0
Schwartz, r. f 4 0 3 0 2 0 0
I'abst, lb 4 0 0 0 IS 0 0
Krug. 2b 4 0 1 0 1 5 0
Shay, r. s 3 0 0 0 l 4 1
Rellly, 3b 4 10 0 0 0 0
Ihurr. P 4 1 1 0 0 1 0
Totals 37 5 11 0 27 12 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. HII. SB. PO. A. E.
Fheehan, 3b I 2 2 <»- 2 0 0
Stanley, c 4 0 1 1 2 2 0
Doyle, c. f 4 1 1 0 3 0 1
Courtney, 2b 4 0 2 0 3 2 1
Hotter, r. f 4 0 0 0 5 1 0
Davis, 1b.../ 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
McLaughlin, 1. f 4 1 2 1 2 0 1
Devereaux, 8. s 4 1 2 0 1 3 0
Stricklett, p 3 0 0 0 1 3 0
Totals 36 i 10 2 27 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Pan Franclpco 0 0 1 4 0 0 0 0 o—s
Bane hit? 1 13 4 0 0 10 I—ll
Sacramento 1 2 00 1 0 1 0 o—s
Bane hit« 3 2 0 0 2 0 12 o—lo
PUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lburg 4. Stricklett 1.
Two-base hite — Krug, Courtney, Doyle, Sheehan.
Sacrifice hit— Stricklett. First base on errors-
San Francisco 2, Sacramento 2. Flr«t base on
called balls— San Francisco 2, Sacramento 2.
Struck out— By Iburg 3, by Stricklett 3. Double
play— Hoffer to Courtney. Passed ball— Wilson.
Time of came l:D0.. t'mplre— Harper. Scorer —
Rutherford.
Bicycle Races at Elmhurst.
The bicycle races at Klmhurst track,
which have been postponed from time to
time, will be held to-morrow afternoon,
weather permitting. If there is no rain
the races will positively be held. In ad
dition to the match race between A!
Knox and Ben'on Downing there will bo
a mile handicap and a mile novice.
The San Francisco Club members will
hold a five-mile handicap road race on-3
week from to-morrow over the San Lean
dro road. On Tuesday evening the mem
bers will elect read officers.
The often postponed road race of th»
Califynia Associated Cyclists will be
held To-morrow. weath«r permitting.
Judge Advocate Leaves.
Major John A. Hull, judge advocate of
this department, has been granted leave
of absence by General Young. Captain
Harold P. Howard, Fourteenth Cavalry,
aid. will take temporary charge of the
vacant office.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
FLYING CRUZADOS GALLOPS HOME
FOR ANOTHER PURSE AT OAKLAND
LUCKY" BALDWIN'S sensational
colt Cruzados gave another pleas
ing exhibition of speed over a
muddy track yesterday at Oak
land. The son of Emperor of
Norfolk practically fell heir to the purse,
for the conditions let him in with a
bur.eh of plebeians when compared to
this equine. A 1 to 8 favorite, he won in
a «rreat, big gallop. Lengths in his wake,
Phyllis, a 20 to 1 shot, outgained Dr.
Scharff for the place.
Favorites began by taking the first
three races off the reel. Then there was
a reaction and the remaining three
choices went down to defeat. When the
inclemency of the weather is considered,
the attendance was large.
Quite a number of short end players re
ceived a severe jarring over the downfall
of Andrisa in the six and a half furlong
sprint. It was the St. Andrew mare's
first start at the meeting and, with La
Goleta scratched she ruled a 2 to 5
chance. Evidently a trifle short, the fa
vorite was led from start to finish by
Prejudice, the second choice. There were
but four starters.
Duckoy, with ••Jess" Matthews up. was
s<nt to the post an even money favprite
:,'ii(i won "a city block." The balance of
the rifld was strung out for a sixteenth
of a mile. Rasp beating the tiring Letiger
for the place. |
Jack Atkins useful throe-year-old DJd^
rot. with O'Connor in the saddle, held
first place in the betting on the third
evtnt, a six-furlong run. Maresa cut out
the running to the stretch, with Mrs.
HrunHl at her heels. O'Connor now hus
tled the favorite along and, assuming the
lead, led Bernota out three lengths.
Again Bangor, the notorious sulker,
proved a good friend of the layers of
orids. Sent out an X to R favorite "for the
r.ilc- and three-sixteenth numl>e.r, he foil
out of it. and then coming from the out
skirts finished second. Galanthus, a 5 to
1 chance, piloted by Fauntleroy, won all
the way under closely reefed sails. Ar
tilla dropped into the show.
Nothing like the reversal shown by
Cutto in the last event has been sei'h
since the meeting opened. The betting
and everything connected with the horse's
win was so glaring as to be really invig
orating. Ridden in absurd fashion only
two days ago, when heavily played by
the public, he finished last, Logue taking
him completely out of the running on the
i far turn, yesterday, with Ransch up and
bet on by a select few, there was noth
ing to the race from start to finish but
Gusto. Away poorly, Dunblane, the fa
vorite, led out Reina de Cuba for the
place.
Track Notes.
Otey Evans and Henry Flittner, two
well known employes of Bookmaker
George Rose, arrived on last night's over
land. Otey is rapidly recovering from a
severe spell of sickness.
Jack Atkins disposed of Glendenning
yesterday, a Montana man being the pur
chaser. The fast sprinter will be trained
by Johnny Camnfcell.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling.
Aunt Mary 104 2813 J. Boggs 104
2523 Darlene ?6 1291 Intrada !9
2517 Alas 101 2SIB Ned Dennis 104
2XII Hungarian 104 2797 Mike Rice 110
2608 Spry Lark JOl 2671 Merops 107
2825 Aphrodis 66 2SIB Searchlight ....104
Second race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds ;
soiling.
2526 Quadra 110 2298 Muresca ..110
2521 Royalty 110 2818 I-ady Drew ....100
<2*l!>)St. Sever 105 2806 Sir Lewis 108
2526 Com'r Foster. ..108
Third race— The Paxton handicap; one and
an eighth miles; three-year-olds and up.
2522 The Fretter ....1001 2808 Bar. Frletchie. .lCo
2804 Varro 80 1 2822 Articulate 303
Fourth race— Golden Gate selling stako;
seven furlongs; three-year-olds and up.
(2507)R10 Shannon ..102 (2Sl9)Meehanus IC4
(2832) Diderot 96 (2802)Ordnung 105
:»('l Hagerdon 11l (2Sls)Sea Lion 100
2752 Doublet 105 ; 2816 Bedeck VK
I*o6 Ooal Runner... lo3 2819 Impromptu !>7
2519 Horton 100 1
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up; s-ellii.g.
2*14 Imperious 109] 2811 Monda 109
2514 Koenli 109 2527 Thayne 114
L'B23 Caatake 109 2813 The Gaffer 188
2&29 Bob Palmer ...100 2811 Pat Morrissey..]o9
2523 Marlon Lynch.. loy 2800 McNamara 10?t
2817 L'dy Medlsome.lo9 27L2 Flamero 109
Sixth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling.
2820 Gibraltar 107, 2800 Midn't Chimes. lo4
2520 Clarando ilO 2829 Cousin Carrie.. 96
... Orleans 105 2802 Educate 102
2"aß Decoy 104 2818 Kdinborough ..107
2792 Fine Shot 104 2S2S The Singer 104
Probable Winners.
First race— Mike Rice, Alas, Darlene.
Second race — Muresca, Royalty, Sir Lewis.
Third race— Articulate, Varro, Barbara
Frletchie.
Fourth race— Ordnung, Sea Lion, Impromptu.
Fifth race— Ca»take, Imperious, Lady Med
dlesome.
Sixth race— Decoy, Cousin Carrie, Educate.
RESULTS ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Little Hindoo Defeats Mattie Spencer
at Douglas Park.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Bennings »um
mary:
First race, mile and sixty yards— Nitrate
won Lou Rey second. Gray Dally third. Time
1:48 S-h.
Second race, five furlonjfs— Red Damsel won.
Carroll D second. Mlsleadsr third. Time. 1:03.
Third race, seven furlongs — Corrlllo won, £sifT
¦econd, Hawk third. Time, 1:30 8-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Barouche won
Flying Buttress second, Tenagra third. Time
1:16 :-5.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Friday, Nov. 15.— Weather showery. Track muddy.
2530.- FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up: value to first. $325.
¦~ >~v ~ ~~ ', •-. ¦ '. ~ ' ~ ~ '¦ - ..'¦.. Betting.
Index. I Horse. 'Age, Wt. St. V*. ; Vt- Str. Fin. ' Owner and Jockey. Op. CI.
2518 Duckoy. 4 ........ 11l 2 13 14 :• 13 16 H. 1 J.Jones. ...J. Matthews 9-10 1
2794 7 Rasp. 3 ..97 3 "» n 2% ;2 2% 24 r J. Green..:. ........ .Trean0r 12 23
2587 Letiger. 4 ......106 1. 3n 31H 3 6 Sl5 Elmwood. Farm Ransch 7 8
2S2S Senator MatU, 5...106 4 15 214 SV, 4V4 4 2 -H. L," Haskell....Wlnslette 7-2 5
275*4 St. Anthony. 4.... 5 6% 68' 53 610 John Kane...... Tullett 10 13
2315 81. Sheppard.,4....lU 6 23 43 65 62 B.A. Chllson Hoar 4 6
276 J. -Doherty. 4. 106 'B*7 3. 73 7 8-73 J. J. C0u1ter. ....... GatllfT 40 60
... Arte. 4;.^ .....108|7 8 8 '8 8 . | Wheeler & Creelman, . . . See 40 40
Time— l ; :2F>Vi:-%, : :50;.%,\ 1:1714; mile, 1:4»H. Good start. Won easing up. Second and third -
- driving. , Winner, H. J. Jones', b. g. by Brutus-Decoy • Duck. It •; was Just a gallop for
Duckoy. Rasp ran his race. Blanche Sheppard a little earlS" speed, but distance was too
, great for her. -It was a poor lot. i  . -r. '.>'¦;¦¦¦:'.: -'•¦;•.¦- ¦"; ». •••'?¦
2891, SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
•/'¦-;* ¦-¦¦'•¦ ¦ __ l '.}!.-'.¦'.. :..¦¦ :¦ .' ¦¦'¦¦ ~~ : ~ - ' ¦ . Betting.
Index. Horse and Weight. St. >"'%.••-¦' '¦%.':-. Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CI.
(2803» ICruzados I" 113 111 16-: 112 115 E. J. Baldwin & Co..Rnsom 1-7 1-7
2783 Phyllis 110 3. 2h 36 : 310: 21 A. J. Stemler & Co..Mtthws 10 20
2400; Dr. Scharff .108 5 34 2 6:- 21 36 J. W. O'Neal & Co.. Wnslet 4 8
276G Pirate Maid 110 4 6h 6 2 5^46 C. W. Chappell...... Stuart 50 75
27& The Maniacs. ...lo4 7 5h 51 4h 52 John Kane ...Tullett 100 100
2778 . Jerry Edwards 105 2 4445 62 61 Ted Hayes. ..... J. T. Woods 60 100
... - Magical ...:...:.... 105! 6 720 7 5 7 5 7 6 W. E. Applegate........See 60 60
(2788) Flatterc'd-.;;v...C>..195 8. 8 8 8 8-. F. D, Weir........... M Hoar 30 -- 4')
Time— l 4. :lJi,; '„, :24: v. ':50aj; %. 1:03. Good start. .Won easily.- Second and third driv
ing. Winner K. .1. Baldwin * IJCo.'s-b1 J Co. 's-b. N c. by Emperor of Norfolk-Atlanta 11. Cruzados out
classed del. l. ¦ Scharff not quit* ready. Edwards a little early speed. Phyllis improving. •
Is a grand-lobklng filly.' Scratched— Josle G 103, Buzz 1 . 100 Montoya 103, 'Homestead .113,
Pnowberry 105. • ' . '- '; ¦'--.: ." • . . ..;.-¦, , ¦ . - -. .
2832. THIRD RACE-Slx furlongs: selling; three-year-olds; value to first, $325. J '.
' ' v : -^ ¦ I ~~^ ~~T ~i* Betting.
Index. 1 Horse and Weight. St. 'H. %. Str. Fin. Owner and . Jockey. , Op. "ci.
2515 Diderot. ........110 4 31 3 2 In 13 J. P. Atkin O'Connor 4-5 ~~l
28-12 . Bernota ........:. 104 5-510 44 515 21 Burns & Waterhse.J. Woods 3 12-3
2519 Maresa .107 113 11 ! ii. 3 4 J. H. Dolan Hoar 4 7
2525 | Mrs. Brunell 104 2 21 2n .2 1* 44 . B. Schreiber Blrkenruth 15 30
2SII Censor .......107 3 4h ' 512 . 4V4 523 J. Rothert See 10 10
A l . ! Fork ford 107 0 6 6 0 6 E. J. Baldwin & Co..Ran3m 10 12
Time— Vi. :24 1 i; 2 . :50: *i, 1:17. Good start except Forkford. Won easily. Second and third*
driving. U Inner, J. P. Atkln's eh. g. by Rousseau-La Reina. Diderot best O'Connor
waited with him. Maresa a lot of early speed. So had Mrs. Brunell. Censor got a sloppy
ride. Rernota was finishing strong. Forkford wheeled as gate went up. Scratched— Modder
104. Icicle 107, Helen Smith 104; Cougar 110, I.ief Prince 107. V ¦¦ :
2533. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; mares* S-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
¦.'l' '. . • ¦
Index. Horse. Age. ' Wt. St. 4- '..%.. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op Ull ci.
£?? Prejudice . 4.. ....... 107 1 14 13 13 12 Burns & Waterhse/.Ransch 3 16-3
210 l Andrisa, 4..... 107 124 210 210 225 W. B. Jennings & Co. O'Con 2-5 1-3
1220 Roulette Wheel, 6.112 2 3 4 36 3 5 310 . I H.Willis..... T.Blrkenmh 10 10 '
. 2.94 Corrlente, a 107 44 4 4 4 J. J. Coulter Gatliff 15 40
Tlme-1-16 ' :07; %. :24; H. :C0; 6\it, 1:25*. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ins. Winner. Burns & aterhouse's br. m. loyalist-Pride. O'Connor walled with Andriaa
instead of trying to go right out and kill off Prejudice. Andrisa nowhere near her be"&t
form. Prejudice was laying down at the end. Other two outclassed a block. Scratched '
—La Goleta 112. - : ' . . „. . . ¦ ¦ _ . ' ,
2534. FIFTH RACE-1 3-16 mlle»; selling, three-ycy-ol'ds and upwaTdTyaTuTt^flratT^
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. V t . %.^. Str. ¦ Fin. " Owner and Jockey. I Op"'"*!.
(2796) iGalanthus. 8........ 86 1 18 .14 13 15 J. Coff»y . . . Fount 6 3~"
• 2523 Bangor. 5"" 110 6 1.? li 2n 25 Burns & Waterhs.J. Woods S-5 11-3
• 281.5 lArtllla. 4 .......107 3 4*l Sh in 84' C. W. Carroll.. Birkenruth *5 7
'12? 15' Or V ente ' '-;- |f ?'• H ? 2 * l 42 B. .7. Baldwin Co Ran" J 5 3
2819 , Tony Lepplng. 3... 98 2 3b 4n 6 l 6 4 Newman & Egan.Winslettel /12 • 15
2816 Morinel. 6 :..107 7 65 615 615 620 M. Storn.." J. Matthews! 3 \
.2758. 2758 Kastalne, ... .....1W 5 7 7 7 7 K. M. Borchert Tullett 10 25
Time-3-16, :19; Vi, :26«4 : • M. :53: V*. 1:20; mile. 1:46; 1 S-lCm. 2:06. Good start ' Won easily"
Second and third driving. Winner. J. Coftey's oh. g. by July-Snowdrop . Galanthus gal
loped his field into the ground and won in a romp. Bangor-had no excuses He eot u-'
' good ride. Too far for Orlente. . , ' ' * ".
2535. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; value to first. f325^~~
Index. Horse, Age. Wt. St. H- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op"'"ci.
2820 Gusto, 4. -..-.. 11l 1 M 114 .1 3 18 14 ;P. ¦ How"(^ . Ran h I 71
2817 Dunblane. 4...:....1C9 5^3436 .34 25 W. B Jennings &Co o.^n a- > "
?;= d n,V:::::::::W IM% \l%{s. i.VS>-|,« 5 Mi
2823 • Game Warden, 3.105[ 6 6n 7 7 '7; Murry & Oollin»V.!!.-..Fnck 20 tr.
Tims— V*. :25; Vz. :50;' %, 1:17; mile, 1:46>/4. . Fair start. Won ea«il\' Second pn.i rhirH **,-
Ing. : Winner. P. Howley's br. h. by Brutus-Irish I.as*. - Gusto's perfommn* . .tartlln^ '
reversal over his last out. Dunblane is not much. He floundered about In th* «S« S
Too far for Reina de Cuba. Bcratched-McNamira H6 nounaerea about In the going.
Fifth race, mile and sixty yards— Tyrshena
won, Harry McCcun second, Flara third. Time,
1:48 3-5.
Sixth race, mile and 100 yards— Potente won.
Carbuncle second, Alfred Vargrave third. Time,
1:49.
CINCINNATI, 0., Nov. I,"..— Results at La
tonia:
First race, six furlong*, selling— Lakevlew
Belle won, Bister Kate second. Fairy l>ay third.
Time, 1:16%.
Hecond race, five furlongs, selling— Throstle
¦won, Pirate Girl second. Goody Goody third.
Time, l:Qt%.
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
Syncopated £andy won, Deloralne second,
Easter Lily third. Time. I :4tfV4-
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling 1 — Velma
Clarke won, Angea second, Zack Ford third.
Time, 1:15.
SANITARIUM DECLARED
A PUBLIC NUISANCE
Mrs. Reeves Atkinson Arrested on
Complaint of One of Her
Neighbors.
Mrs. Reeves Atkinson, who has a pri
vate sanitarium at ISIS Sutter street, was
arrested yesterday on a warrant charging
her with maintaining a nuisance. The
complaining witness is J. H. BonMg, 1714
Post street, and he declares that the san
itarium is a nui?ance to the neighborhood
and tenants are threatening to vacate
their houses owing to the unearthly noises
made by the inmates at all hours of ths
night.
Mrs. Atkinson was released on $50 cash
bail. She says she will fight the case to
the bitter end. Some of the most prom
inent men in the city, she says, are or
have been inmates of the sanitarium, and
she deems it a oublic necessity. Attempts
have been frequently made by residents
in the neighborhood to have the institu
tion removed, but they have always sig
nally failed. Mrs. Atkinson denies thac
the noises are as bad as the residents as,
*ert. and certainly not enough to be called
a nuisance.
Fifth race, mile. selling-Clales won. Eeome
second. Hand V third. Time 1:42% c - come
Sixth race, six furlongs— Boaster won. Lady
vadswortn second, Axares third. Time, 1:17. *
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Nov. 15— Douglas Park
summary: ' ¦ - ¦¦
_ First race, selling, six and a halt furlongs—
D hlrd Ua TW.°T:2 J - T - BWOnd ' J ' m a ™ »
Second race, six furlongs, selling-Little Hin
doo won. Matt le Spencer second. Harrison : - E
third. Time, 1:1714. ••
Third race, selling:, six furlongs—
Henry won. , Spinel second, Alea third. Time.
Xr Fourth race. : mile. seliing-Prlma II won.
Nettle Regent second. Guide Rock third. Time.
Fifth race. mile, selling:— Pauline J won. In
candescent second, Omelia third. Time. 1:42V4.
CRITTENDEN PETITIONS
COURT TO KEVOKE ORDER
Claims He Was Not Notified When
Distribution of Heydenfeldt
Estate Was Decreed.
James L. Crittenden has petitioned the
Superior Court to set aside the order for
the final distribution of the estate of Sol
omon Heydenfeldt. made by Judge Coffer
May 20, 1901. He claims that at the' tin™
the petition for final distribution was pre
sented he was not notified, and that h<>
therefore had no opportunity to be pres
ent and in court present his claim of $15 -
00 upon the estate, to which he was en
titled according to an assignment made to
him in October, 1893, by Elizabeth Hey
denfeldt. He avers in the petition that
the decree of distribution was obtained
from Judge Coffey upon the representa
tion that all the claims against the estate
had been paid and that all disputes over
the distribution of the estate had been
settled. The claim of Crittenden is v
judgment obtained against the executors
of the estate in the Superior Court and
which was paid to him under the first or
der of distribution, made in October 18&1
A suit to recover the $15,000 instituted by
the executors of the estate is pending
TENNIS COURTS
ATTRACT MANY
NEW PLAYERS'
Ladies Show Most Marked
Interest in Pastime Which
Is Experiencing a Revival
Many tournaments are being planned
by the tournament committee of the Cali
fornia Tennis Club. The next event will
be held to-morrow. The handling of the
mixed doubles tournament caused dissat
isfaction on Wednesday, as no member of
the tournament commUtee was present.
The women should be given all the en
couragement possible in order that they
may at least make a showing against th?
Suttons next year. They were enthusi
astic and turned out in force, but tho
men were scarce. The low standard of
play among the local women is largely
due to the men, who do little toward er
couraging them. The women are already
planning another tournament, which wtU
be In the form of a doubles, partners to
be drawn by lot.
Most of the playing on the local courts
is done between * and 5 o'clock in the aft
ernoon, when the courts are hardly nu
merous enough to accommodate the play
ers. Among the most regular attendant
are Judges Sloss, Kerrigan, Hunt and
Troutt. The two former are usually op
posed to the latter, with honors, as a
rule, about even. Judge Sloss is easily
the best player of the Judges, but he has
had more experience than his colleagues.
Others who play almost every day ar.il
who are showing constant lmprovemen;
are John Gibson Sr., Hugh Hume, C D.
Galvin, Gorham and J. Gibson Jr.
Many ladies put in the mornings on the
courts and some give promise of develop
ing into good clay* rs. The most promis
ing are the Mlsaea Smith. Giestlng. Whit
ney. Farnsworth, Salisbury, Meyer an-1
Hoar.
There ts no«et-up In the popularity of.
the public courts in Golden Gate Park.
On the contrary, as the courts improve
the attendance becomes much heavier.
The park players seem to be learning ttu;
game rapidly, and by r.ext summer wi.l
turn out some good men. The cluohouso
is rapidly nearing completion and wiM
add greatly to the comfort of the play
ers.
Gossip of the Golfers.
The handicap match play tournament o"
the San Francisco Golf Club is nearlng m
conclusion, \V. H. La Boyteaux having
won a place in the final 'round by defeat
ing Captain D. J. Rumbaugh 4 up 3 to
plaj*. He will meet the winner of the Ab
bot-Golcher match. The trophy is a dark
oak cup with horn handles. Few of the
Presidio golfers have improved more rap
idly than H. C. Golcher, whose game is
strong and steady. In the second rounl
of the handicap tournament he received
three strokes and beat John Lawson 2 up
1 to piny. At this rate he will soon be the
strongest of the native-born golfers of
this city.
One match of the first round for the
Council's cup was played last Saturday,
John Lawson beating J. \V. Byrne 5 up i
to p!ay. Dr. J. G. McConkey Is drawn
against J. H. Mee. S. L. Abbot Jr.
against H. C. Golcher and Warren Greg
ory against Leonard Cheney.
Vico Captain. P. K. Bowles of the Oak
land Golf Club is at present in the East,
and Secretary M. A. Miller is living on
this side of the bay. Captain Orestes
Pierce, however, is working with his
usual enthusiasm and will shortly issue
the schedule of events for the winter
This has not been published sooner be
cause of the hard condition of the Oak
land course, which renders it difficult to
allot fair handicaps in the various con
tests. This afternoon there will be mixed
foursomes over eighteen holes, match
play. On Thanksgiving day the first con
test for the handsome silver cup present
ed by Captain Edwin Goodall will take
place". There will also be contests on th?
San Francisco and San Rafael links on
Thanksgiving day.
The ladies of the S;tn Francisco Gol?
Club will hold an approaching and put
ting contest, foi'r tries at each of two
greens, en the Presidio links on Monday
morning next, beginning at 10 o'clock.
This Is the first competition ttvat the la
dies have held this season.
Governor Baxter Buys a Yacht.
The ladies of Las Amigas Club will grivc
an entertainment to-night in the main
hall of the San Francisco Yacht Club
house. The funds realized will be devoted
to the Interior finishing and decoration of
the big room. There will be tableaux vl
vants. songs, instrumental music and a
short play. The intention at first was to
hold the entertainment at Buena Vista
Park, but it was thought that the hall
there is too large and cold, and that the
clubhouse affords space enough. th« main
hall being capable of seating about 300.
Mrs. J. W. Sperry has been specially ac
tive in organizing the entertainment, tak
ing charge of the tickets and otherwise
aiding the project.
Commodore w N. McCarthy's schooner
Ramona. which for the past two years
has been the flagship or the San Fran
cisco fleet, will l>« missed from her moor
iners off Sausalito. she having been sold
to" George W. Baxter, father of Mrs
Hugh Tevis. She is now In an Oakland
shipyard, to be put into thorough repair
and have her spars shortened, after which
she will sail to Monterey, where she will
be moored for th« future.
The Crowninshield bout being built for
a syndicate of members of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club is nearly ready having
been calked and painted, thoiixh her
deckhouse is not yet on. She will be the
best constructed yacht ever built in this
bay, having the minimum of material mri
the maximum of fastening. All her rk,'i
and bolts are of copper. Tobin bronze n
galvanized Iron. All her blocks will be or
Tobin brcnze. Th" materials employed m
her construction are of the best niialirv
and put together in the best tuunner it
OTTO FEUDNER
ENJOYS YEAR'S
RECORD SHOOT
Secures Forty Fine Drake
Mallards and Ten "Cans'"
at Denverton, Near Suisun
Otto Feudner has been the most envied
sportsman in the city during the pa3t
week owing to a grand shoot he enjoyed
last Sunday at Denverton, near Suisun.
He was the guest of Mr. Stewart and shot
ever the preserves bearing that gentle
man's name.
©tto secured the limit bag of fifty duck».
but they were so numerous he could have
killed several times as many. He con-
tented himself with biding his time and
picking out the best of the great flight
of ducks. As a result his bag was made
up of ten "cans" and forty splendid mal
lards. Of these thirty-seven were drakes,
being picked out by their green heads.
Otto was so pleased with the quality of
the sport afforded that he will endeavor
to form a club to take over the ponds for
the season. The only drawback to them,
is that they are nine miles from S.uisun.
although the road is a good one.
The conditions were favorable at the
majority of places about the bay. A i
army of men were out and few returned
empty handed. The conditions are again
favorable this week if the impending
storm does not break. The pools In the
interior fields formed by the recent rains
have dried out and the birds are expected
back on their old feeding grounds
The shooting in and about Tubba Isl
and was good last Sunday. One party of
three secured 120 ducks, nearly all cans
Pete Walsh secured a mixed bag of for
ty near Black Point. In it were mallard,
SP |!f Bowen C and Lew Cuneo killed twen
ty-five canvasbacks near San Pablo.
G«orge Roup killed twenty-five snipe at
ETE T e c r n Sr m e emb a ers o^e^ield and Tule Club
were: H. B. Hosmer M E Un B e touts
Titus H L. Miller, A. M. Shield 3. F. H.
Bushnell, F. V. Bell. J. J. Winner, A. F.
Hopke and J. B. Coleman. Dalton
On Wednesday A. M. Cummlng. Dalton
Harrison and L. W. Harpham shot over
" the preserve. Many members have signi
fied their intention of going up to-mor-
r °Aii unusually large number of shooters
were on the Alviso marshes last Sunday •
Few came home empty handed, although
no large bags were secured, fifteen bein
about the best any one man could show
Judge Carroll Cook of . the Superior
Court rendered a decision recently vital
interest to sportsmen and dealers In game
as it bears upon the section of the Penal
Cede which prohibits the sale of certain
game birds and animals. He denied a
writ of habeas corpus sued out by S. Ken
neke. He followed the decision of tha
Supreme Court, which held valid a stat
ute almost identical In words with he
one in cuestlon in the case before him.
The section of the Penal Code in question
follows:
Every person who buys, sells, offer* or ex
pose., for sale, barter or trade any quail
partridge, pheasant, grouse, sage-hen ibis or
plover or any deer meat, whether taken or
killed in the State of California or shipped Into
the State from any other State. Territory or
foreign country. Is guilty of a misdemeanor.
Judge Cook's decision in part follows:
"Respondent cites several cases from the
Eastern States, wherein similar laws ha\e
been sustained, but If a decision of this ques
tion rested solely Tipon the cases so cited. I
hardly feel that I would be justified Jn ac
cepting them as authority. The ; identical
question here presented has, however been
passed upon by our own Supreme Court, ana
a statute almost identical in language has
been held by the Supreme Court of this State
to be valid and within the power of the Legis
lature to enact. Until, therefore. - the- >¦ last
mentioned decision shall have been overruled
by our Supreme Court It is my duty, m well
as that* of all Superior Courts of this State.
to follow, as the law or t*»e State, that decision
irrespective of any opinion I myself might have
as to the validity of this statute. .
The learned Justice who wrote the opinion
:n that case, after devoting some space to a
construction of the statute, decided that it
meant not only game killed within the State
of California, but also that which had been
killed elsewhere and brought into the Slate,
proceeds to discuss the question of its validity
and in that portion of the decision uses the
following language:
"Nor do we think that In giving the act this
effect It contravenes the constitution of this
State as being in excess of the police power'
of this State. The wild game within the State'
belongs to the people in their collective, sov
ereign capacity; It Is not the subject of private
ownership,' except In so far as they may elect
to make It bo; and they may if they see fit
absolutely prohibit . the taking of It or any
traffic or commerce in ft If deemed necessary
for Its protection or preservation or the public
good."
The protection and preservation of game has
been secured by law In all civilized countries
and may be justified on many grounds, one of
which 19 for the purposes of food. The meas
ures best adapted to this end ore for the Legis
lature to determine, and courts cannot review
Its discretion. • -
May Extend Athletic Work.
The annual meeting of the Amateur
Athletic Union of the United States for
the election of a board of governors and
other business will be held at the Astor
House. New York City, on Monday next.
L. E. Sharp, a well-known Eastern ath
lete, has been appointed an alternate and
will act as the. representative of the Pa
cific Association, on behalf of which he
will ask that the territory of the associa
tion be extended to include all the States
to the west of Colorado and also the Ha
waiian Islands. If the application -la
granted the local association will train
in revenue and extent of Influence takm~
under Its wing such well-known bodies
as the Multnomah Athletic Club the
Portland Rowing Club, the Seattle and
Tacoma Athletic clubs, the Healanl Yacht
and Boat Club of Honolulu and the ath
letic teams of the universities of Nevada.
Oregon and Washington. .
At the last meeting: of the Pacific As
sociation the question of disciplining the
boxing clubs of this city and neighbor
hood came up for discussion, the reeis
tration committee desiring to have an ex"
presslon of opinion from the board of
managers. The committee was directed
to enforce the laws of the Amateur Ath
etic Union, but, for its better Informa
tion, a communication, has been sent to
Secretary James E. Sullivan Inquiring
what amount may be allowed as training
expenses of boxers without Contravening
the letter or spirit of the laws of the
union. President W. B. HJnchman drew
the attention of the board to the fact that
the various sports under their Jurisdiction
should not only be regulated, but actively
fostered and encouraged. He was author
ized to appoint commissioners, each of
whom will have in his special charge one
Sf "££? K P< i rt9 ' *i. p , 2. the general condition
rL*.? «. wIU be expected to make
reports and offer suggestions at the regu
lar monthly meetings of the board
Students to Hold Begatta.
BERKELEY. Nov. 15. -The University
of California Boating Association wi'l
hold a regatta on the Oakland estuary
opposite Sessions basin on Thanksgivin -
i a i y ' B w rse races win be rowed for th"
class championship and several skip*
events are planned. The teams will prob"
ably be as follows: Senior-Harley K*M
ley. Gund«lfln«er and Gorrlil: junior-
Cerf. Smith. Moore and Pitchford; acpho
more— White. Rovulhous*!. Bunnel! an 1
McC.llough; freshman-Hackley ? Amloff
Frank and Johnson.
Express Company Is Sued.
Robert Thorn is suing "Wells. Farso &
Co. for the value of a lot of bag<-a"-o
which he alleges the express company
took and converted to Its own use He
states that the contents ¦of . the two
trunks and the valise mentioned In the
complaint 19 SIS 32. and that he has expend
ed SIGO in an endeavor to recover them
and asks the court to award him $1992. *
is expected that she will be delivered at
Sausalito In about two weeks. She will
be the first pleasure craft on the bay in
which the best modern Ideas of vacht
build!n have. been employed,. ySNIPPERS MUST
PAY MORE TAXES
Internal Revenue Ruling
Affecting Exports to
Philippines.
Commissioner Yerkes Treats
Islands as Domestic
Territory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.—Commis
eioner of Internal Revenue Yerkes made
an important ruling to-day, which \ irtu
lilly means that for the purposes of in
ternaJ revenue the Philippine Islands are
to be considered domestic territory until
the Supreme Court shall have finally de
cided the Question.
The Commissioner holds that whisky,
tnd tobacco shipped to the Philip
are subject to internal revenue tax.
Vnder the existing laws a manufacturer
of these articles has the right to ship to
¦ reign country without the payment
of a tax by the execution of a bond It
is contended in the department that the
present ruling will work no hardship to
The exporter, for should the court desig
nate the Philippines as foreign territory
he will have tne power of recovery if he
pays the ta_x under prottst. Whisky and
beer imported into the Philippines are al
ready subject to customs duties amount
ing to $4 60 a barrel. The decision of
Yerkes Imposes a regular internal rev
enue tax in addition.
NEW HAMPSHIRE SENATOR
OPPOSES TARIFF REVISION
He Is Especially Hostile to Any Re
duction of Duties on Cana
dian Imports.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— Senator Gal
of New Hampshire, who was one
cf the President's callers to-day, not only
epposes a revision of the tariff, but also
any tariff concessions to other countries
through reciprocity treaties. He is es
pecially hostile to any treaty looking to
The reduction of duties on Canadian im-
We sell three times as much to Canada
• Dominion sells to us." said he to
.: the White House. "Why should
:.ake concessions? In my opinion
will be no reciprocity treaty with
a_ I was in Toronto recently and
B ¦ Wilfrid Laurier. the Canadian
ler. say in a speech that Canada was
through with sending delegates to Wash
ington looking for trade concessions. He
said if negotiations were to be resumed
we would have to take the initiative."
Gathmann Gun a Failure.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— The test of the
Gathmann gun and shell took pla«e this
afternoon at the army proving ground on
Hook and resulted in a failure. The
shell did no material damage to the tar-
The failure of Inventor Gathmann's
la ascribed by him to an imperfect
¦tion of the fuse in the interior of
the sht-11. The army officers, however,
claim that they have found convincing
proof to the contrary and say that every
thing in connection with the test was as
• as it was possible to make it. in
dance with the inventor's ideas. The
board has decided to give a second trial,
;ch the inventor is entitled, io-mor>
row morning.
Goldsborough. Again Fails.
SEATTLE, Nov. 15.— A special to the
Intelligencer from Bremerton says:
The torpedo boat Goldsborough failed to
make the required time in her trial trip
. The T ost was not official. The
her was' unfavorable and the quality
-«=-d was inferior, but she suc
in making twenty-seven knots an
with her proneller going ?M revo
lutions a minute. The trip was unevent
¦-til on nearing the navy yard there
-nrne failure in tho sipnais and she
nta the ordinance wharf, tearing
away fifteen feet and completely smashed
<=-nder bow. It is doubled back on
Fire Destroys a Business Block.
V'ICHITA, Kans , Nov. 15— Because of
iri ¦'-¦." ¦ - glrta who carelessly han
lamplighter's retort, four saloons,
• -^staurants, one bakery, two meat
re drug store, two barber shops
grocery stores were destroyed by
Newkirk. Okla , to-night. The fire
: in Ward's restaurant and burned
entire block. Loss $70,000.
Hobson to Manage Naval Exhibit.
SHINGTON. Nov. 15.— Naval Con
p Hobson has been detached from
tbe Bureau of Construction and
• and detailed to duty in connection
with the management of the Government
exhibit at Charleston, S. C.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
T
SAN JOSE. Nov. 15.— Samuel W. Hanks.
a well known pioneer of this county, died
Xt his home in this city to-day after a
lingering illness. He was 58 years of age
and a native of Mexico. For many years
he conducted a butcher business here. A
widow and a family of grown children
survive him.
Mrs^ Caroline C. Euriett. a resident of
this city for more than forty years, died
last evening. She was the wife of Reu
ben Burden. Deceased -was a native of
Massachusetts and 75 years old.
William McMillan.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 15.-WUliaia McMillan,
president of the American Car and Foun
dry Company, died to-day, aged 65 years.
He was born Tin Hamilton. Ont.. and was
SiSsjss a M^h c iL sstatess n tates *""* r jam
John C. Annstrozur.
WATERTOWN. N. y., Nov. 15.-John C.
Armstrong, at one time provost marshal
—w York City, is dead. In the fif-
Armstron? conducted a stagecoa- h
line through Arizona and New Mexico.
R. C. Stevens.
SEATTLE, Nov. Vo.—K. C. Stevens, gen
eral Western passen^. r agent of the
Great Northern Railroad, died to-day as
-<=-sult of a severe cold contracted
while attending the Dike and Duchess of
York festivities at Victoria.
J. T. McJunkin.
HANFORD. Nov. lo.— J. T. McJunkin,
chairman of the Board of Supervisors of
County, died of blood poisoning this
morning. He was 68 years old, a pioneer
settler and well to do.
General Pallavlcini.
ROME, Nov. 15.— General Pallavlcini,
formerly aid-<Se-camp to the late King
Humbert, died here to-day.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUGGISTS MUST BE CHARY.
They Sell All Kinds of Hair Prepara-
tions and Fear to Discriminate.
Druggists sell all kinds "of hair prep-
orations nd as a rule they are wisely
chary of giving preference to any par-
ticular one, but many of them have come
out plainly for Newbro's Herpicide, the
new treatment that absolutely kills the
dandruff germ. H. Swannell & Son,
Champaign, 111., say; "One customer of
ours who did rot have a hair on top of
his head when he began to use Herpicide
now has a fair start toward a good head
of hair. We believe Herpicide to be by
far the best preparation of its kind on the
o;arke<. " Hundreds of similar testimo-
xJals trom everywhere.
FIGHT AGAINST
TAX REDUCTION
Ways and Means Com
mittee Favors Cau
tiousness.
Brewers and Distillers Will
Make Strong Effort to Cut
Down War Revenues.
»^
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET N. W.,
WASHINGTON, Nov. Members of the
House of Representatives who are in fa
vor of avoiding tariff reduction by abol
ishing all war tux« will not find plain
sailing. Already there is opposition among
members of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, and Representatives Hopkins and
Tawney, both of whom returned to town
to-day, expressed themselves most decid
edly in favor of proceeding with caution.
Payne, chairman of the committee, is said
to be preparing a bill fcr a. heavy reduc
tion to be introduced at the "opening of
the session, and this early division of
opinion in the committee indicates that
Payne's plan will have bitter opposition. '
Hopkins is most decided in his views
and will urge a postponement of any re
duction until it is known what the ap
propriations will be for the coining year. ¦¦
"Let us first hear from the appropri
ations committee" he said, "how much is
this canal going to cost. If the ship sub
sidy bill gets through, how much will that
bill amount to? There will be the usual
big demand for river and harbor improve
ments and public buildings, and all around
there will be a big increase in Govern
ment expenditures. Let us go slow. We
have had experience. It is much easier
to cut down public revenues than to add
to them."
Tawney thoroughly agreed with Hop
kins and was quite' as emphatic in urging
conservatism in all matters of revenue re
duction.
Similar opinions are expressed by other
returning Congressmen and already the
difficulties of even a partial reduction are
becoming apparent. The strongest pres
sure for bringing down the war taxes will
come from brewers, who will be here in
force this winter to have the tax reduced
to 60 cents a barrel. It Is also said that
whisky distillers want the tax cut down
from $1 10 to 70 cents a gallon, and they
wi!l have strong lobbies here who will
work for lessening these taxes.
BRITISH TROOPS
REFUSE TO FIGHT
Large Body of Dutchmen
Surrender to a Boer
Commander.
MIDDLEBURG, Cape Colony, Oct. 25.—
One hundred a?id eighty district mounted
troops, composed largely of Dutchmen,
with their horsos and arms, surrendered
to Smut's command October 13. The dis
trict troops fired most of their ammuni
uon at long range and then refused to
fight further. Captain Thornton, their
commander, believes their surrender to
have been prearranged.
LONDON. Nov. 15.— The War Office has
issued a 400-pagre blu^ book of the official
reports from ir.edica 1 and other officers
on the conditions of the concentration
camps in South Afric'j.. The general drift
of the reports attributes the high mor
tality in these camps to dirty habits of
the Boers, their ignorance and prejudices,
their recourse to quackery and their sus
picious avoidance of the British hospitals
and doctors.
The Evening News to- day says the Irish
Nationalists have offered Kruger a safe
Parliamentary seat in Ireland. They hold
that in consequence cf Lord Kitchener's
proclamation Kruger is, de facto, a Brit
ish subject.
YEOMANRY BEATEN" BY BOERS.
Six Killed and Sixteen Wounded in a
Recent Encounter.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dat?d Pretoria to-day,
says that a strong patrol of yeomanry
while reconnoiterinc: November 3 al Brak
pruit. in the Transvaal colony, about
J4O miles west of Pre'.oria, was surround
ed by 300 Boers and lost six men killed
and sixteen wounded. Some of the troop
ers were captured but were subsequently
released.
The rear guard of Colonel Byng's col
umn was attacked near Heilbron. Orange
River Colony, November 14, by 400 Boers,
said to be under the command of Gen
eral Dewet. After two hours' fighting the
Boers retired, leaving eight dead on the
field. Of Colonel Byng's column Lieuten
ant Hughes an-3 one man were killed and
three officers and nine men were wounaed.
Prince George of Greece Accepts.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Times says he learns that
Prince George of Greece has accepted a
renewal of the mandate of th,e powers as
High Commissioner of Crete.
LIST OF KILLED
GROWS LONGER
Rescuers Recover Nine
Bodies From Burning
Baby Mine.
BLUEFIELDS, W. Va., Nov. 15.-Lat-.
eat reports from th© Baby mine disaster
at Pocahontas, Va.. indicate that It is
more serious than was at first supposed.
Nine bodies have been recovered, and it
is believed that fifteen more are yet in
the burning mine.
Fire companies from the surrounding
towns have been called upon to assist in
extinguishing the flames.
That part of the Baby mine where the
explosions occurred is on the Virginia
side. The main entry of this mine is six
miles in length and extends over into
West Virginia. The work of rescue is yet
going on and it is estimated that possibly
live- or six bodies will be recovered before
night.
The dead:
LOUIS WOOLWINE.
JOHN BYRON. -
A HUNGARIAN NAMED URICO.
HALE. - 
HUDSON. .
UNKNOWN ITALIAN. : •
WILL MONTGOMERY.
JOHN BARNHARDT.
M. D. KOONTZ. . •
The Injured: H.- F. Reese, member *of
fire department, burned; W. S. Lyons
secretary Y. M. C. A., crushed; Frank Ta
bor, badly crushed; Dyer, crushed and
burned; Frank Talisisse, burned; Frank
Irvine, burned; : Norton McLaughlin,
burned about face and hands; William
Smith, injured about head and burned-
William Brewer, town sergeant, 1 badly
burned; Ed Ross, crushed and burned.
Others were rescued who ' were badly
burned or otherwise injured.-
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— A. Kunz and his wife
elderly people, were found dead to-day In their
rooms in Union Hill, N. J., having been as
phyxiated by Illuminating gas. It is believed
they committed suicide.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
ARMY TRANSPORT HANCOCK ASHORE
AT ENTRANCE TO THE INLAND SEA
Third Disaster Occurs to the United States Vessels in Japanese
W,,>rs Within a Month, and This Time the Scene of the
Mishap Is the South Side of the Straits of Shimoneska
NAGASAKI, Nov. 15.— The United
States transport Hancock is
ashore on the south side of the
Straits of Shimonoseki. A Ger
man gunboat is assisting her. The
transport grounded on a sandy bottom.
The Hancock is tho third United States
transport to meet with a mishap in Japa
nese waters recently. Fii'st the Sheridan,
having on board a number of returning
troops and the Congressional party which
had been visiting the Philippine Islands,
was detained at Nagasaki by a broken,
tail shaft. Her passengers were trans
ferred to the Warren, which sailed from
Nagasaki November 3. Two days later
the Warren sustained damage which
made it necessary to return and dock at
Nagasaki. The Hancock was ordered to
proceed from Manila to Nagasaki and
take on board the delayed passengers,
and it was expected she would sail from
the last named port November 13 for San
Francisco.
SOME OF THE NOTABLES.
Continued From Page Three.
man of Denver, occupied a box close to
Jeffries' corner, together with some Colo
rado turfites. Joe had seen Ruhlin per
form in the East and thought Maddens
protege had an "outside chance," but
wagered nothing on the result.
Prominent among the ringside specta
tors was Wyatt Earp, fresh from Nome
with a "bunch" of the yellow metal, 'tis
said. Wyatt once tried refereelng but
says he has given it up. Al Martin, a
well-known horseman who also got hold
of considerable gold in the northern coun
try, kept him company.
Best known among the Livermore con
tingent were Lew Crellin, well known as
backer of the deceased driver. Tommy
Keating. Norman McLeod and Crellin
went on a still hunt for Ruhlin money,
but a dark lantern failed to show any up.
Constable George Secord of Napa had
among his crowd "Jack" True, Charley
Reams, Guy Young and "Billy" Cronin
of Sunol. They also paid for several
pounds of excess baggage in the way of
Jeffries money. Charley Reams' only
"kick" was that the party was not in
kinetoscope pictures.
From the North Country.
From away up in Mendocino County
Sheriff Smith came down to Bee the two
gladiators, accompanied by Deputy Sheriff
McLaughlin, Deputy Sheriff Buchanan
and J. P. Murphy, under sheriff of Chico,
joined the men from Mendocino in the
pavilion pilgrimage. All were as tickled
at the "scrap" as a lot of Borneo head
hunters with nothing in sight.
Dixon was always a game little town,
and C. Horrigan, the cafe proprietor,
came down to pick up news for the rural
visitor to his establishment. There were
several in his party.
Under Sheriff Thomas Robinson, of Sui
sun, is a member of a half dozen gun
clubs and things of that sort, but thought
his pugilistic education needed "sprucing
up." He said he never witnessed but one
encounter before and if Gus Ruhlin is pos
sessed of good horse sense he'll stay away
from the Suisun marshes when in search
of canvasbacks.
Probably the notoriety achieved by Tom
Sharkey gave Vallejo its lirst taste of
pugilism. At any rate, a warm bunch of
sports came down from the Navy Yard
.town. Even Chief of Police Stanford laid
away his star temporarily and went out
with the boys. In fact the County of
Solano turned out a noble representation.
County Treasurer Jr.mes Keyes and
Henry Stahl of the "Vallejo News" were
very enthusiastic supporters of the husky
Angeleno.
Little Betting at Bingside.
There was no ringside wagering In
dulged in to speak of, or Dr. Schumacher,
the crack shot, of San Jose, would have
picked up a hand. He was a Jeffries man
from shoes up, but E. Scherrer and J.
Kelley Russell set 'em up on the other
alley. They fancied the chances of Ruh
lin, and will now pay some palm reader
a visit.
Along about 7 o'clock Marshal Charles
Holmes of Santa Rosa, in company with
Jeff Parker, was still without a ticket
and looking for a scalper. After the bat
tle was over and the groans of the dead
and dying had been stilled, he said Santa
Rosa was a "very pretty little city."
"Jeff." though, he deems a great man.
Mine Host Anderson of Harbin Springs,
where Jeffries prepared himself for the
The transport service seems to have
struck a streak of hard luck. The de
parture of the Grant yesterday and the
sailing of the Meade to-day . seemed to
accentuate the fact that Uncle Sam had
to take his chances as well as other peo
ple. Ever since the war began the ves
sels, thanks to the careful management
of the men in. charge here, have run like
clockwork. Never a breakdown has been
reported and never has a vessel been a
day behind time. Now comes a series of
disasters that would make any general
superintendent in the United States
swear. The Sheridan, with full passenger
list, sailed from Manila for this port.
Something happened to her tail shaft and
she had to put into a Japanese port for
repairs. The sick and others aboird
clamored to be sent to the United States,
so the Warren was ordered to bring thorn
here. She took them aboard and started
for h6me. Going through the Inland Sea,
and while in charge of the pilot, the vts
sol struck and the hull was badly dam
aged. Captain Barneson finally got her
back to Kobe and there she was ordered
fray, was down "hook, line and sinker"
on the big fellow. Before the fight An
derson told a friend he would only be a
part owner in the springs if Ruhlin's
number- should be hung out.
From Los Angeles, the home of "the
champ," Al Levy and a big bunch of
sports, among others John Brink, came
up to bet on their townsman. They were
disappointed In the betting, but pleased
with the resuit.
Old-time friends greeted mild-mannered
John Gall, now Chief of the Stockton po
lice force. Johnny and a select crowd of
friends came down from the Slough City
and wouldn't have kicked if Gus had
taken his medicine and "gone out." Or
even if he had gone away back and laid
down.
VESSELS SINK
DURING STORM
Further Details of Dis
asters Along British
Coast.
LONDON, Nov. IG.— The tale of wrecks
due to the recent storms is not complete.
It has been ascertained that as many as
four vessels foundered at the mouth of
the Tyne during the storm of Wednesday
night with all hands, according to the evi
dence of the coast guards, and the wreck
age washed up. It Is feared also that a
small steamer from Ayr to Dundalk, Ire
land, had been lost with eight hands. The
body of the captain has been washed
ashore at Wlcklow. The floods caused a
big bog slide near Lisconnor, County
Clare. Much damage was done and sev
eral farmers were ruined.
The gale has been succeeded by frost
and snow of unprecedented severity so
early in the season. Ten to fifteen degrees
of frost are common, while the snow on
the northern hills is seriously impeding
railroad traffic and is causing the rivers
to overflow. Hundreds of sheep have been
drowned in the neighboring meadows. Th«
lakes in the northern parks are covered
with ice.
QUEENSTOWN, Nov. 15.— The White
Star steamer Cymric, which arrived here
this morning from New York November
5. reports having encountered terrific ad
verse gales.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Nov. 15.— A terrible
gale has been raging along the coast since
last night, and it is feared that many fa
talities have occurred among the fisher
men. The hulls of all the steamers which
were wrecked on the Cape Race peninsula
during the past season have been broken
to pieces and the cargoes, which were still
on board, washed away. One man who
was working on the wreck of the Swedish
steamer Vera, wrecked near Renews, Au
gust 2, was killed by a stone blown from
a cliff. Another man perished from ex
posure while crossing from the wreck
through a forest to his home.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— Secretary Gage to
day purchased J507.300 of short term bonds.
ARMY TRANSPORT HANCOCK
THAT WENT ASHORE AT EN
TRANCE TO THE INLAND SEA.
on the drydock for repairs.
The passengers were still clamoring for
a chance to get home, so the Hancock
was dispatched to Nagasaki on "rush"
orders. She arrived on time and the pas
sengers were again transferred and an
other start made for home.
Among seafaring men and particularly
among those who have traded in the
Orient the supposition is that the Han
cock went on a sandy beach and is prac
tically uninjured. The Japanese pilot was
in charge, but Captain Struve was un
doubtedly on deck and it must have been
some remarkable stress of weather that
drove his ship ashore.
Uncle Sam will now be short of trans
ports, and the chances are that some of
the vessels now in port and lying idle
may be requisitioned.
Transport Buford on Way Home.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— The Navy
Department has been informed of the ar
rival of the gunboat Concord at Acapulco
and of the Marietta at Key West.' These
two vessels are to relieve respectively tho
battleship lowa at Panama and the Ma
chias at Colon. -  ¦ - . . ¦
The transport Buford, with two battal
ions of the Twenty-third Infantry, sailed
from Gibraltar to-day for New York.
o
Troops to Sail for Manila.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 15.— Companies
E and H, Twenty-eighth Infantry, from
Boise Barracks, and companies F and
G, from Fort Wright, Washington, ar
rived here to-day. These troops, together
with one company of the Twenty-eighth
from Fort Harris, Montana, and one
company from Vancouver Barracks, will
leave for Manila to-morrow on the trans
pot Rosecrans.
JEFFRIES' Hftßfl BLOWS,
Continued Page Three.
whatever and in fact scorned this
throughout the five rounds. In the sec
ond round Ruhlin landed a right to the
body as they met in the center of the
ring. They clinched and Ruhlin com
plained that Jeffries was hitting in the
breakaways and leaning on him. The
referee told him to let go and that he
would make Jeffries back away.
When they came together again Ruhlin
landed his right to the body and then
he kept away, Jeffries chasing him around
the ring. Once Ruhlin sent his right to
Jeffries' head and the crowd cheered.
This blow opened up Jeffries' sore lip
and sent a tiny stream of blood trickling
down from the corner of his mouth. Ruh
lin landed a right on the ribs and tried
to jab Jeffries with hia left, but fell short.
Jeffries rushed in and landed a right to
the body and a left to the face. Ruhlin
stumbled and nearly fell in one of hia
efforts to get away. In this round Ruhlin
scored the most blows, but they were not
effective.
Ruhlin Loses Desire to Fight.
It was evident early in the third round
that Jeffries could end the fight at any
time he wished. Mo landed several times
on the body and took all desire to tight
out of Ruhlin. One of Jeffries' great lefts
to the face sent Ruhlin staggering across
the ring, and it was only tne ropes that
k«pt him from falling off the platform.
Jeffries caught Ruhlin two glancing up
percuts on the body while he was retreat
ing, and immediately afterward Ruhlin
ducked into a left which caught him flush
on the mouth. Jeffries again rushed at
him and landed two light lefts on the
face. They exchanged lefts without either
being- damaged. Ruhlin was circling
around Jeffries, but the latter quickly
stopped his movements with a left to the
jaw. When Ruhlin went to his corner it
was seen he had a nasty cut under the
right eye, which was puffed and bleeding.
in the fourth round Ruhlin was the first
to lead, trying a right to the body which
landed, but without any force behind it.
Jeffries beat a tattoo on Ruhlin's bad eye
and was all over his man. Ruhlin came
back with a right to the head and then a
heavy smash over the kidneys. Jeffries
had him in his corner #t this time and
roughed him with his elbow. Jeffries
stood and took several blows in the face
without flinching. He said afterward he
knew Ruhlin had no force in his blows;
that there was no danger. Toward the
end of the round both men took matters
rather easily. Ruhlin was still backing
away and ducked away from a left.
Jeffries caught him a hard right **nd
left to head and body, which apparently
hurt Ruhlin considerably. Ruhlin
clinched to save himself from further
punishment. Jeffries landed a right to the
head and then a hard right to the body.
He then brought his right to the body
after a pretty movement, in which ho
shifted suddenly from left to right, the
blow knocking Ruhlin down. He went to
his knees and remained down while eight
seconds were being counted off. Imme
diately after he stood up the gong sound
ed, sending them into their corners.
Madden Tosses Sponge Into Ring.
Ruhlin's seconds worked over him
assiduously, giving him smelling salts
and applying other restoratives. Jeffries
sat in his corner apparently the most un
concerned man in the house. Ruhlin
made a faint show of fighting in the fifth
WILL SHIP SEED
TO PHILIPPINES
Cabinet Considers Agri
cultural Needs of
Islands.
President and Advisers Also
Talk Over Some Impor
tant Appointments.
WASHINGTON, Nov> 15. -Considerable
time at the Cabinet meeting to-day was
devoted to consideration of the agricul
tural conditions in the Philippines. From
reports received at the War Department
it is evident that the vegetables grown
there are "running out," and there 13 ne
cessity for immediate distribution of new
seed. Secretary Root told the Cabinet
that not enough rice, which is the chief
staple, was grown within the islands to
supply the demand for local consump
tion.
Secretary Wilson has decided to send
one of the department's experts, with a
full corps of assistants, to the islands to
investigate the situation. Upon ascertain
ing the needs in respect to seed, the de
partment will ship to the islands such
seed as may be required. It is expected
that many things not heretofore grown
in the Philippines can be produced there.
The seed will be distributed gratis. Al
though men from the Agricultural De
partment will do the work, they will be
commissioned by the War Department for
this purpose.
The President and Cabinet also talked
over a number of appointments under tne
various departments of the Government.
Except where there is some urgent rea
son for immediate action, no appointment
is to be made until Congress meets.
It is understood that the New York col
lectorship and appraisership were not dis
cussed at the Cabinet meeting. The
President Is possibly so well versed in
these affairs that he is attending to the
New York affairs himself. The message
to Congress is practically completed, al
though on several subjects the final draft
has not been finished. It is understood
that the President will lay the situation
before Congress and call attention to the
recommendations of Secretary Gage, but
he will not make any direct suggestions.
LABOR OPPOSES
SUBSIDY BILL
Assembly of Knights Is'
Against Hanna-Payne
Measure.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 15.— The general
assembly of the Knights of Labor to-day
devoted most of Its afternoon session to
consideration of a resolution introduced
on Wednesday by a seaboard delegate,
denouncing the Frye-Hanna-Payne sub
sidy bill now pending In the United States
Senate.
It was bitterly opposed by six members
and was referred to a committee on legis
lation, who reported it back within an
hour unchanged, when it was adopted by
an almost unanimous vote. It is as fol
lows:
Resolved, That the development of the
American merchant marine Is greatly desired;
that we believe that American freights ought
to be carried In American bottoms, built in
American shipyards by American mechanics,
at wases commensurate with the American
standard of livin™.
Resolved, That the present bill Dendinjc in
the United States Senate known as the*Frye-
Hanna-Payne subsidy bill Is not drawn in the
interests of the American shipyards nor Ameri
can laboring people, and therefore the Knights
of Labor oppose Its enactment, believing that
some measure can be and should be presented
that will encourage the building of ships by
American workmen and maintained by Ameri
can citizen seamen which should meet the ap
proval of the whole people.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be sent to each member of Congress by the
general secretary-treasurer.
The report of the committee on legis
lation was submitted. It says the evolu
tion now taking place in the industrial
Held through the rapid concentration of
capital has filled the working classes
with alarm for the future welfare of the i
country and declares it is time to call a I
halt on municipal. State and national
lesislation in granting further privileges
which go to fatten already large private
fortunes.
Resolutions submitted with the report
demand from Congress such legislation
as "will provide for the utmost publicity
of the affairs of all corporations conduct
ing an interstate business."
Such laws are demanded as "will pre
vent the capitalization of any corpora
tions above the amount of money actu
ally Invested, whether said investment be
in cash or plant."
The resolutions also declare that Con
gress has no right to tax all the people.
for the benefit of a few and that ':when
ever Government aid is extended to pri
vate corporations it means robbery of
te whole people."
and what proved to be the last round.
Both led and then they clinched, from
which Jeffries broke away and landed
his right over Ruhlin's heart. Ruhlin's
movements were noticeably slow after
this, his legs almost seeming to have lost
their power of locomotion. Acting under
instructions from Delaney Jeffries forced
the fighting and pegged away at Ruhlin's
body.
Ruhlin was In very bad shape. Jeffries
landed a right on the body and imme
diately after a right on the chin, which
knocked Ruhlin again to his knees. Again
he took the count of eight seconds. When
he stood up Jeffries balanced himself,
and taking heed of Delaney's orders.
"Downstairs, Jim, downstairs," kept at
Ruhlin's body. It was evident to all the
spectators that Ruhlin was directing all
his energies to lasting the round out and
avoiding a knockout. The men had been
in their corners about a hrflf-minute when
Madden tossed r. spoi>ge into the ring. It
came as a surprise to the spectators and
to Jeffries.
Opinions of Spectators.
The spectators came away from the Pa
vilion differing in opinion as to Maddens
act in throwing up the sponge and saving
Ruhlin from an Inevitable knockout in
the sixth round. Some held that, being a
championship fight, Ruhlin owed it to
himself and to his future career to have
toed the mark until the decisive blow
had been delivered and he had measured
his full length on the floor of the ring.
Others who watched the agonized play of
Maddens features after the second round
felt his interest in Ruhlin was greater
than that of merely a manager, and he
did not want him punished unnecessarily.
It was the consensus of opinion that had
Jeffries turned loose in the third round
he could have ended the fight then and
there.
The illumination for the taking of pic
tures was one of the hits of the evening.
Notwithstanding the great number of
lamps required to generate the required
light there was no heat noticeable. The
spectators at the ringside were suddenly
thrown out in bold relief when the cur
rent was turned on. It apparently had
the effect of magnifying all objects in the
immediate vicinity, each face standing out
sharply against the black background.
Complains of Soreness.
After the fight Ruhlin complained of his
body being sore from the hammering he
received. He also claimed he felt the
effects of a foul blow he received in the
third round. This was an unintentional
foul and passed unnoticed. Ruhlin's face
will carry Jeffries" trade-mark in the
form of a black eye for several days. It
is a question if Ruhlin was not slightly
overtrained, judging by his movements in
the ring. They did not show the briskness
expected from an athlete who had under
gone so careful a preparation as he did
Jeffries, on the other hand, showed him
self to be in perfect physical condition
to go any distance at any pace.
LONG REPORTS
NEEDS OF NAVY
Recommends an Increase
of Officers and New
Warships.
Secretary Also Asks That
Office of Vice Admiral
Be Revived.
m
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BURKAU, MM G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— 1n his an
nual report Secretary of the Navy John
D. Long lenews his recommendation that
the office of vice admiral be revived. He
also asks that the number of lieutenants
be increased from 300 to 350, and that the
limit of the number of junior lieutenant*
and ensigns be made 600; that the present
enlisted force be increased by 3000 men;
that the marine corps be increased by 750
men, as recommended by the general
board.
In conclusion the Secretary says:
The navy to-day is a far greater factor In
cur relations witb the world than it was be
fore thfc recent national expansion which now
includes Potto Rico, the Hawaiian Islands, the
vast area of land and sea in the PhiUppinus
and our obligations to Cuba. If we ari to
have a navy at all it must be commensurate
with these great extensions — greater In inter
national evon than ir. territorial importance.
This necessarily involves the construction of
more naval vessels, their manning, exercise
and maintenance.
The general beard, cf which the admiral la
president, recommend the lollowins increaa*
of the navy:
Four first-class battleships.
Two first-class armored cruisers.
Four picket vessels of about 660 tons trial
displacement, with a sea speed of 1J knots.
with twin screws, carrying a battery of four
C-poui:der and two Colts guns and a coniple
n.ent uf 60 officers and men.
Six sheathed and coppered seagoing gun
boats of about 10U0 tons trial displacement,
with moderate sail power, similar to the An
napolis class.
Six light-draft steel gunboats of about 800
tons trial displacement, for insular service in
the Philippines.
Six light-draft, steel gunboats of about 200
tons trial displacement, not to exceed 6 feet
draft, for insular service tn the Philippines.
Six steel sailing training ships of about 2000
tons trial displacement.
One collier of 10,000 tons cargo capacity and
a sea speed of 12 knots. i
Three thousand enlisted men, in order that
they may be enlisted and drilled In prepara
tion for the completion of the ships.
Seven hundred and fifty marines. (This num
ber needed for duty on board ship, and does
not include the necessary garrison for posts
at home and in our Insular possessions.)
An increase of 50 per cent in the number of
naval cadets now allowed by law. in order
to provide for the increase of officer* needed
for the ships recommended above.
The board on construction recommend:
Three seagoing battleships of about 16.W0
tons trial displacement.
Two armored cruisers of about 14,300 ton*
trial displacement.
Six gunboats of about 1200 tons trial displace
ment.
Six gunboats of about 600 tons trial displace
ment.
Six gunboats of about 200 tons trial displace
ment.
Two colliers) af about 15,000 tons trial dis
placement.
One repair ship of about 7500 tons trial dis
placement.
Six training ships of about 2000 tons trial
o fsplacement.
Four picket, boats of about 650 tons trial dis
placement.
Four tugboats.
All the vessels thus recommended ar» desir
able in the prospective and harmonious devel
opment of our naval force. A larger increase
than usual is also desirable in view of the
fact that none was made last year. Some of
the vessels above recomm*nded, however, can
better than others be omitted for the present
from the list and await appropriation here
after. Among these are the gunboats of 600
tons displacement, in case the picket boats of
similar dimensions are authorized: also the re
pair ship and a portion of each of the other
classes of smaller war vessels. The depart
ment therefore recommends:
Three first-class battleships.
Two first-class armored cruisers.
Three gunboats, each of about 1000 tons trial
displacement.
Three gninboat?. each of about 200 tons trial
displacement, for insular service.
Three picket boats, each of about 850 tons
trial displacement.
Three steel sailing training ships, each of
about 2W tons trial displacement.
One collier of about 15,000 tons trial displace
ment.
Four tv« boats.
The department will submit to Congress In
December next, as directed by the last naval
appropriation bill, a general description of two
seagoing battleships and two armored cruloers.
according to which the battleships and cruisers
above recommended shnuld be built If appro
priation 13 made therefor.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Nov. 15.-Post
office name changed: California—Berg
man. Riverside County, to Auguanga.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
William Morris, Millville: George F.
Smith, Aguanga. Oregon— Robert E. Por
ter. Meacham, Viandervia; L. Coffey,
Beach Creek.
These pensions ware granted:
California: Original— Alexander NoMe,
Fresno. $8. War with Spain— Clay R.
Weaver. San Joaquin. $24. Increase-
James S. Harris. Lompoc, $S: Johston
Elliott, San Francisco, 112: Thomas Lips
comb, Stockton, $3t>. Widows— Ella D.
Butter. Los Angeles. $8: Elizabeth Han
cock, Los Angeles, $8; Elizabeth Phillips,
Shingle Springs, $8.
Oregon, increase — Charles Ross, Oregon
City, $12; Francis M. M. Smith. Salem, $8.
Widow?— Ellen Ode!!. Portland. $8.
Washington: Original— L. Bailey, Rosa
lia, $6.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tbe man on tbe stage who does tho
trick of escaping from firmly tied rope«,
submits to tbe bonds witb a smile. He
knows he can get out of the ropes that
are being knotted. Put the same man in
the woods and let Indian captors bind
him to a tree for torture and* he would
struggle to the last against the bonds.
When the stomach is diseased there
are bonds being woven every hour about
the organs dependent on the stomach —
heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, etc. The
folly of mankind is to passiTely submit
to the fastening of these bonds with no
effort to escape until the pain they cause
arouses fear.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
cures diseases of heart, liver, lungs, kid-
neys and other organs, when these dis-
eases, as is often the case, have their
origin in the diseased stomach.
"For a loos time I waa suffering and was
hardly able to get about. * writes Mr. Andrew J.
Jennings, of Thomaa, Tucker Co., W. Va.. Box
194. "Was bothered with Uirlney trouble and
my whole system was out of order; had no
appetite. A 'friend of mine told me to try Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. I did so
»nd the first bottle restored my appetite. I took
six bottles of ' Golden Medical Discovery ' and
•ome of the ' Fleaaant Pellets ' and feel iika a
new person.'*
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets deaoae
the clogged system from impurities.
5no_text6
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 16, 1901
: JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
liirtit All CcßsmcnieUioni It W. 8. LEAKS. K»upt.
MAX ACER'S OFFICE . .... . .Telephone Pre»« 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL. R00M5..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Conies. 5 Cents; •» * 
Terms by Mall, Including; Postages . -',•-.
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year.". $«00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), C months S.OO
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), S months :.. 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month x .. 63c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year .....1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 100
,•, • ¦! All postmaster* (ire authorized to receive
rip tions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In orderlnc change of address should . be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND 0FF1C8.......... .*. . 1118 Broadway
. C. GEORGES KROGXESS.
Eutrtr Foreign Advertising, Marqoett* Building, Oaieaf*.
(Long .Distance Telephone "Central 261».")
NEW -YORK CORRESPONDENT:
; C. C. CARLTOX. V ....... ... .Herald Sqnare
. [-} NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
-• '¦'" ¦-' NEW YORK NEWS. STANDS: . : ' ,
Waldorf- Aetoria Hotel; A. Br«nt*no. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. • ' -- ' ¦-- "• - -
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House;. Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOST (D. C.) OFFICE . . .1400 G St.. If. W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
'BRANCH OFFICES — :.~ Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:SO o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
• :S0 o'clock. mi Milton, open until 10 o'clock. 2281 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until I o'clock- 1096 Valencia, open
until * o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
:. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
200 Flllmore, open, until 9 p. m. - '- ¦
AMUSEMENT^
Alcarar— "Tor Fair Virginia."
Columbia— "The First Duchess of Marlboro ugh. "
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
California— "Shore Acre*."
TivoH— "The Belle of New Tork."
Central— "Lights o' London."
Grand Op^ra-house — "Manon."
Chutea, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES. ,
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Monday, November 18. at 11 o'clock,
Driving and Work Horses, at ISS Valencia street.
By Win. G. Layng— Monday, November 18. at 12 o'clock.
Carriage and Driving Horses, at 721 Howard street.
By \Vm. G. L*yng— Thursday, November 21, Thoroughbred
Horses, at 721 Howard «treet.
THE RAIL COMBINE.
THE placing of the operation of the leading
Western railways in the hands of a combined
management, in which their stocks are merged
in a common issue, is a momentous action, the effect
of which will be watched with interest by the whole
country- There is no doubt that such an operating
system will increase dividends by its superior
economy. If it seek such increase, however, by rais
ing rates it will provoke a storm of legislation com
pared with which all of the granger and anti-railroad
legislation of the past will seem to have been pro
rail and friendly.
Ever since iB6O we have had in a smaller field just
what has now taken possession of a large field.
Prior to that time roads leading in the same direction
were not what are now called "trunk lines." They
belonged to entirely separate and often antagonistic
corporations. They had no common time schedule,
nor interchangeable checks and tickets. The rail
travel itself was a great advance in speed and com
fort upon the Concord coach, but its delays, the in
convenience of changing trains, rechecking baggage
and taking fresh tickets would not now be endured by
the traveling public. The first consolidation of link
lines into a trunk system occurred on the Chicago
and Northwestern, and its success stimulated rapid
imitation, so that when the first overland roads were
built it was the obvious intention of Congress that
the} 1 should be trunked and under one management.
When theje consolidations occurred freights and
fares became cheaper, because the many operating
staffs were consolidated into one, and the economy
of operation was bestowed upon the public.
The recent grand combination is but the extension
of the old principle of consolidation, and that its su
perior economy will at once appear we know by what
has taken place in California since the prac
tical combination into one trunk line of the
Southern Pacific and Union Pacific roads. If
the combine is contented to get its profit
out of this economy, and, as it increases, to divide it
with the patrons of the road by cheaper rates, the
popular objection to such an aggregation will be ap
peased, as it was in the case of the old consolidation
nkt iiito trunks. If the opposite result, the op
position may be soon inflamed into measures of re
s?«tance that will try the strength of the combined
forces. The decision of the Supreme Court affirm
ing the constitutionality of the interstate commerce
law confers wide and generous powers upon Con
gress, and their exercise in restraint of such a com
bination as this will be easier than it has proved
when brought to bear upon a large number of com
peting roads.
In addition lo the power of Congress that of the
States remains unimpaired over all State commerce.
If properly and judicially exercised this power of the
States through which the combined lines pass is of
immense force, and that it will be invoked let no man
doubt.
The men who have made this combination say that
they are business men, engaged in railroading and
not in politics. If they consider wisely and well the
business aspect of their responsibility and recognize
their community of interest with the people they will
not need to go into politics. Otherwise they will
find it impossible to keep out.
* _ . -
Now that nearly every State in the Union has in
some sort of fashion adopted a State flower, a move
ment has been started by some Eastern florists to
get the National Government to adopt a Union flower
and the carnation has been suggested as a good one.
If Omaha would only be kind enough to offer the
freedom of the city to Pat Crowe, with an ovation
and a promise to forgive and forget, she might put
an end to his letter-writing and confer a benefit on
the countrj.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 16. 1801.
PHILIPPINE GOVERNMENT.
IT is not pleasant to read that the institution of
civil government in the Philippines was prema
ture, and to have the opinion of army and navy
officers that military rule and garrison government
must be again resorted to there and be maintained for
many years to come.
It may be possible that we have forgotten that
those people regard themselves as conquered by our
superior military power, and that they have just the
same feeling about it that is common to all races
under the same circumstances.
If tbey are in this mood it is to be expected that
the}' will use any authority conferred upon- them to
reorganize resistance, and it is clearly the opinion of
our military officers that they have been doing this
ever since civil government was instituted' among
them. To hold such a vast number of people indefi
nitely under the rule of the army is to be avoided
if possible. It is more costly than civil government
and less satisfactory to our own people. It gives
less opportunity for the incidents of conquest to be
forgotten and practically suspends all training for
civil government.
It may prove to have been a mistake to treat them
as if they were of our own blood and therefore
ready to appreciate offered education, limited self
government and a prospect of larger freedom. They
have known but little of these in the past, under
Spanish rule, and have been made treacherous by
treachery.
The late convention of the Federal party held in
Manila was an encouraging sign. Maybe that atten
tion to one of its recommendations would have a
pacifying effect. It asked for an issue of $100,000,000
in bonds to repair the waste of war and help restore
the destroyed substance of the people. When we
read of the burning of all the houses in a town by
our troops we recognize it as a hard military neces
sity. But there is another side to it which will have
to be considered in all plans for the placating of the
people. The burning of three hundred houses by a
punitive expedition to admonish the people against
harboring the opponents of our arms means the de
struction of the property and the shelter of that many
families. The burning of rice fields is adopted to cut
off a military resource in the form of food, but it
means famine for non-combatants. Perhaps an hon
est inquiry into the material condition of the people,
to develop the extent to which their power to support
and feed themselves has been abridged by the neces
sities of our conquest, would be in the line of infor
mation upon which our Government could act with
a soothing effect.
Heretofore American visitors have perhaps too
mifch considered the natural resources of the islands
in the light of their profit-producing capacity for our
benefit and too little the economic condition of the
people we have conquered. There are two ways of
overcoming resistance. One is by the diplomacy and
the immediate benefits of civil government, and the
other is by the avenging military arm. The experience
of mankind is that the latter makes the beneficial use
of the former more difficult, and it must be continued
to the complete exhaustion of physical opposition by
the entire destruction of all who are capable of of
fering it. It will be better to turn public opinion in
this country away from the mere gloating over the
natural riches of the islands to the more humane task
of healing the wounds made by war and the uplifting
of the people into forgetfulness of our necessary
harshness in the greater abundance of our kindness.
No race has ever sincerely submitted to conquest
in the generation thai felt the hard hoof of the con
queror. To greatly prolong military government in
the Philippines will probably mean the rearing of
generation after generation under the exact condi
tions of conquest, by that means postponing indefi
nitely the pacification of the country. We said long
ago that the real crux of the question would appear
when we attempted civil reorganization of the isl
ands, and it is upon us. The task calls for the for
bearance, the patience and the humanity of our peo
ple. Administrations cannot do it all. Our policy,
wise or otherwise, must come up from an informed
and enlightened public opinion. No administration
took the Philippines. That was the act of the people,
and an administration merely registered their will. It
could not do otherwise. To take was easy. It was
merely a question of physical force. To hold wisely,
govern humanely and make friends of twelve millions
of conquered people is not a physical feat. It calls
for moral courage, for self-examination, for the' high
est and best conception of the characteristics of those
people that they deserve.
Our own administration needs the spread abroad
of these considerations among us, and it needs the
obvious crudescence of the public opinion which
should result.
Despite the failure of the Pan-American Exposi
tion at Buffalo and the extensive preparations making
to hold one at St. Louis, Boston is talking of raising
$10,000,000 for exposition purposes, and it would
seem that not even philosophers can profit by the
experience of others.
HUNTING DOWN THE EOERS.
GENERAL IAN HAMILTON, who left Lon
don a few days ago to act as chief of staff to
Lord Kitchener, is said to have taken Avith
him a plan prepared in* London for a more vigorous
campaign, with a view to ending the' war before the
time comes for the coronation of the King. The plan
includes a scheme for enlisting the loyalists of the
colony as a mass, the dispatch of additional cavalry
from Great Britain, and, in short, exerting the full
force of the Cape and the empire in the effort to hunt
down the Boers and terminate the struggle.
The details of the new plan to be submitted to
Kitchener by General Hamilton have of course not
been given out, but in a recent speech at Dover Mr.
Wyndham, M. P., gave an account of the process of
hunting down the Boers, which is now in practice,
and it is probable the new programme will differ
from the old only in being a little more drastic in
nature. Wyndham is quoted by the* Westmin
ster Gazette as saying: "The only plan was to hunt
down each commando by mobile column as a sleuth
hound tracked and hunted down its prey, or shut off
the enemy in other regions by groups of blockhouses
from recruiting in richer lands. The Government
held that Lord Kitchener could, and they could not,
prescribe the particular mode of operation best suited
to different districts or the subordinate general best
qualified for the work. * * * More columns,
more men and more horses would be sent out as they
were wanted, and, in fact, were being sent out to
South Africa. Irksome as the delay was, the hunt
went on, and it would not be helped by either crack
ing whips or shouting at the hounds like cockney
sportsmen. Almost each day meant a few Boers
killed and a few more captured, or a greater number
of horses, and the scent grew hotter, as was shown
by the discarded baggage of sick men and by the sick
horses which the enemy left behind in his flight."
To such a hunt Mr. Wyndham said "there can be
only one end." It would seem that he must be right.
According to recent British estimates there are nol
more than ii,qoo Boers left in the fighting column.
They are being gradually worn down by overwhelm
ing numbers, and it must be admitted that the num
bers are being urged forward with tireless energy by
Lord Kitchener. He has spared neither men nor
horses in his pursuit of the foe, and nad not the
Boer commanders been generals of high capacity as
well as stanch patriots they would long since have
been surrounded and captured.
It is announced that General Joe Wheeler is to
leave the South and make his home in Philadelphia,
and now if the citizens would organize a political re
form cavalry brigade and give him command of it
Philadelphia might be redeemed from the gang that
rules her.
SALISBURY'S SPEECH.
FOR many a year past the British public, and to
some extent the civilized- world, has carefully
noted the speeches made at the annual banquet
given by the Lord Mayor of London to the Ministers
of the crown. It has been the custom of the Minis
ters, and particularly of the Premier, to make use of
the occasion to announce to the country the policy
they intend to pursue and for which they wish popu
lar support. These addresses, therefore, have be
come-far more important than the perfunctory ad
dress of the sovereign from the throne upon the
opening of Parliament, and they are always awaited
with a good deal of interest.
At the recent Lord Mayor's banquet public expec
tation was disappointed. Lord Salisbury spoke, in
deed, at some length, but it was noted that he spoke
without vigor either in manner or in language. Ac
cording to the reports that come to us his appearance
betokened a man whose career is virtually finished
and who lags superfluous on the/political stage.
Weak as he is, however, he is none the less Prime
Minister of the British empire, the responsible head
of the administration, and the one man who can. speak
authoritatively for the Government. He renewed
his oft-repeated declaration that Great Britain will
see the war in South Africa fought to a finish by
the complete conquest of the Boers, no matter what
the cost. He pointed out that guerrilla warfare is al
ways long and tedious, but did not undertake to say
when the struggle in South Africa would be ended.
"We cannot," he said, "tell you publicly all that is
going on. We should be gravely neglecting our
duty if we did. All I can say is, and I am speaking
the judgment of those who have the best opportunity
for determining what is really going on, that we are
making month by month and week by week sure,
steady and substantial progress." He asserted that
the prolongation of the war has been due in nowise
to the lukewarmness or neglect of the Government,
and insisted that the Ministers have given to the gen
erals in the field every reinforcement they asked for.
Continuing his speech the old statesman deplored
the frequent manifestations of pessimism on the part
of his countrymen. He could not say when the war
would close nor promise a reduction of taxation, but
fty way of cheering his countrymen he reminded
them of the benefits obtained through what is known
as the concert of Europe. "In considering," he said,
"the embarrassment and difficulties in which it may
be thought our country is standing, it is a matter for
congratulation that the peace of the world has been
on the whole so little disturbed, and that we have
found a kindly feeling and such a correct attitude on
the part of all the powers with whom we have been
in alliance. I venture to say that fifty years ago that
would not have been the case."
That claim of peace maintained through the con
cert of Europe was the one word of cheer the Pre
mier gave the British public. For the rest he sought
to rally the people to his support by declaring that
the interests as well as the prestige of the empire
depend upon a successful conclusion of the war. Of
the financial burdens laid upon the taxpayers, of the
waste of war and the increase of the national debt he
said nothing. It is therefore not strange that Lord
Rosebery in speaking at Edinburgh on Thursday
evening should have said: "I would like to see an
experiment for a year of a Government formed en
tirely of business men, such, for example, as Mr. Car
negie and Sir Thomas Lipton, instead of politicians.
I ask you: Are we getting our moneys worth for
the money spent?"
If Pierpont Morgan and J. J. Hill do not look out
they will form so many combinations of railways and
steamship lines that after a while there will not be
competition enough to make life interesting to them.
THE RAINY SEASON.
BY the opening of the rainy season with good
showers in nearly all parts of the State Cali
fornia is given promise of an abundant pros
perity to follow. The experience of the dry seasons
of a few years ago is still so fresh in the minds of
the people that they are not free from fear of a repe
tition of the disaster. Warm and dry weather in the
fall would unquestionably have a depressing effect in
some quarters, but all fear of that is now dispelled,
for there are ample reasons to justify the expectation
that from this time on we shall have abundant rains
to provide for the crops of the coming year.
In more ways than one the beginning of the season
of general rains is felt beneficially throughout the
State. The showers bring a blessing to the cities as
well as to the fields. They clear the air and flush the
sewers. They give an enlivening tonic to the atmos
phere and a new vigor to all who breathe. The
freshening effect will be felt everywhere. Men and
women will move forward to the Thanksgiving sea
son with brighter faces and happier hearts. There
will be an increased activity in trade in cities, towns
and villages. A fuller confidence will be felt by the
farmers in their fields, orchards and vineyards, and,
in short, everybody will be better for the coming of
the health-giving and wealth-giving showers.
A good and prosperous season for the fruit men of
the State in the coming year will advance California
by something more than ordinary progression. For
a series of years many of them have worked against
adverse lr.ck. Years of drought were followed by
cold springs, whose frosts in many sections of the
State caused immense damage to the young fruit and
in some cases well nigh ruined the growers. This
season there is a promise of better things. We do
not have frequent droughts in California, nor a long
succession of cold springs. The prospects are there
fore excellent for all kinds of rural industry. Those
prospects have been brightened by the coming of
rains this early over such widespread portions of the
State. In the coming of the showers, therefore, we
may well feel something of a general joy. They are
a part of our Thanksgiving.
MAY BECOME THE BRIDE
OF SIR THOMAS LIPTON
MRS. RONALD STL'ART, A HANDSOME NEW YORK -WIDOW, WHOSE
HAND SIR THOMAS LIPTON, THE O^NER OF SHAMROCK 11, 19
REPORTED TO BE TRYING TO WIN. .
ANSWERS QUERIES.
HIGHEST TIDES— O. J. W.. City. The
highest tides at San Francisco occur in
June and December.
CHECKERS— J. S. H., City. Any first
class book house can supply you with the
text books on checkers. You might learn
the game by playing with a good player
of the same.
STEWARD— A Reader, City. A yournr
man who would like to be a steward in
the transport service should apply at the
transport service office, Folsom-strect
wharf, San Francisco.
THE CODES— A. M. S. The fact that
the Revised Codes were declared uncon
stitutional by the Supreme Court does
not affect individual laws that were prop
erly passed by the Legislature.
SPANISH PAPER— F. E., Stockton.
Cal. The name of the Spanish paper
asked for does not appear In the San
Francisco directory nor in the catalogues
of papers published on the Pacific Coast.
TEETH— H., City. "Teeth, like verbs,
are regular. Irregular and imperfect" does
not appear In the books of quotations. Can
any of the readers of this department in
form the correspondent who is the author
of the quotation?
MYSTERIOrS BILLY — Subscriber,
City. "Mysterious Billy" Smith, whose
true name is Amos Smith, was born in
Eastport. Maine, May 15, 1871. This de
partment has no information about his
parents.
COAL CONSUMPTION— A. S., City. The
Atlantic steamship Deutschland burns on
an average 300 tons of coal per day. On
one trip she made GOO knots, but it was at
an expense of 823 tons of coal in twenty
four hours.
HARMONY OF COLORS— Subscriber.
City. White will set with any color what
ever: red sets off best with white, black
or yellow; blue sets off best with white
or yellow: greens set off best with black
and white; gold sets off best with black
or brown; the best grounds for gold ar*
Saxon blue, vermilion and lake.
SOLANO-G. S. W., City. There never
was a tribe of Indians in California called
the Solanos with Sulsun as their chief,
but there was 'n the Suisun Valley, So
lano County, the aboriginal settler*
known as the Suisuns, and their last chief
was Sam Veto. otherwise Francisco So
lano, for whom Solano County waa
named.
GRANDFATHER'S CLAUSE— VT. A.
8., City. The term "grandfather's clause"
as' applied to voters down South Is in
tended to apply to Illiterates other than
those who are descendants of those who
voted in 1860. Nearly all the Southern
States have adopted some restrictive
scheme to keep out a certain class of citi
zens, but the law in each State Is gen
eral.
GLAZE— N., Fall City, Or. Robert E.
Glaze, who was recently sentenced to im
prisonment for life for having killed "Wil
liam Trewhella. his partner, has taken an
appeal to the Supreme Court on grounds
of error occurring during the trial. He
was not removed to the penitentiary, as
a certificate of probable cause was issued,
and he is at present in the County Jail
of San Francisco. W. W. Foote ap
peared for the defendant.
LEGAL TENDER— S. H., Boise Bar
racks, Idaho. Unless specified in the con
tract that a debt shall be paid in gold
coin such a debt in the United States may
be paid In anything that Is legal tender.
In the United States gold ts legal tender
in any amount, silver dollars unlimited
unless otherwise specified. United States
notes, unlimited unless otherwise speci
fied, subsidiary coin not to exceed $10,
minor coins not to exceed 25 cents. These
are the standards fixed by Congress.
WANTS TO KNOW— Ahaz writing from
Berkeley wants to know If any of the
readers of this department can furnish an
answer to the following: "What is the
significance of the bride placing on a chair
her right hand glove and that of her hus
band, and distinctly attracting the atten
tion of guests on their first call after the
marriage to this?"
A society lady to whom the question
was shown said that she did not know,
but that it might mean an ill matchel
pair.
A DAT OF '69— W. D. M. The 28th of
CIVIL SERVlCE— Subscriber, City. To
obtain a full list of the different Govern
ment positions obtained through civil
service examlnailon, addreßs the commis
sion at Washington, D. C. If you mean
the local civil service, address the Civil
Service Commltsion, City Hall. If there
is any good reason why previous ques
tions should be furnished, the commis
sioners might lurnish them. The quea
tions of one year are of no value as t~>
the examination for the succeeding year.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"I'm afraid I can't Interest my flve-year
old Elsie in fairy tales any longer."
"And why not?"
"I was telling her about the 'Forty
Thieves,' and when I got to the forty oil
jars with a thief in each jar, what do you
suppose she said?"
"I give it up."
"She said, 'Wouldn't that jar you?' "—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Appy Tite— lf we only had some lines
now we might do a little fishin'.
1 Shady Bowers — Fishin', eh! "Who's goln'
ter dig de bait, bait de hooks, trow In de
lines, haul out de fish and take 'em often
de hooks?
Appy Tlte— Dafs so; we'd have to hire
somebody to do dat part of it.— Leslie's
Weekly.
"How do you manage to get rid of
bores?" asked Snodgrass. as he came in
and took a seat by the editor's desk.
"Oh, easily enough," replied the editor.
"I begin to tell them stories about my
smart youngster. Now, only the other
day he said— What! Must you go? Well
good-morning."— Tit-Bits.
"A horse is man s truest and most
faithful friend."
"No," answered the man whose .face
wears a lingering expression of regret.
"As between a horse and a dog, give me
a dog. You never see a dog getting out
on a racetrack and hopelessly involving
your finances by being a good thing that
didn't land."— Washington Star.
The Boss— lf we are to retain your ser
vices, Mr. Lambkin, you must take more
care of your appearance. You look as if
you hadn't shaved for a week.
The Clerk— But, sir, I am growing a
beard.
"That's no excuse. You must do that
sort of thing out of business hours."—
Glasgow Times.
"Do you think It fair to have your little
girl's picture taken in those foolish fancy
clothes?"
"It may not be fair," answered Mr. Stig
gins, "but it's a mighty useful strataarem.
"W hen she gets to be 17 or 18 and has ideas
of her own, I'll bet she'll stop and listen
respectfully when she finds I've got that
picture."— Richmond Times.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SAN FRANCISCANS WHO IS SOCIETY DETERIO-
KNEW LI HUNG CHANG. RATING?
— — — — — — — — _——___ - By Countess Malms bur/.
THE MOST REMARKABLE " ?? —
FLASHLIGHT PHOTO EXPERIENCES OF BUNNY
EVER TAKEN IN SAN IN A RABBIT DRIVE.
FRANCISCO. \ ' By Madge Morris.
See the Full-Page Reproduction — 1 '
i-N^WCI. '¦'. club vvomen:
~ ' By Sarah Com«tock
STRANGEST OF ALL THE . i
"HELLO" CENTRALS. ETIQUETTE.
-— ~"" — — — — —^— — — .. — — By Mrs. Burton Kingsland.
ARE WOMEN AS SLC- : . — '•'"'.
CESSFUL IN EUSINESS THE ART OF DRESSING.
AS MEN? • By Lillian Burkhart .
HOW TO HAVE A PRETTY M * Justin, p ••»
NECK. "GRJUSFARK"
;-j;'> Are la came. Begin it now,
THE SUNDAY CALL, A WESTERN I
M PAPER lOR WESTERN PEOPLE.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Of the trade transacted during the last
month by far the greater portion has con
sisted of 6-shilling novels.
I saw it mentioned in one daily paper
that as many as ninety new novels had
been issued in one day. That was a sen
sational figure and. though the issue has
not reached quite so many, still the out
put has been very large, and some sixty
new volumes have appeared in the fiction
line during the month of October.
A fair percentage of these have been by
authors of repute. Many of them, there
fore, commanded a ready sale.
It looks as if Rudyard Kipling's "Kirn"
bad sold mnpt freely, nearly the whole of
the first edition of 50,000 copies being dis
posed of. while its popularity has causei
an increased demand for the other works
of this author.
"The Benefactress." by the author of
"Elizabeth and Her German Garden," has
been very much in request, as also havr»
"The Right of Way," by Gilbert Parker;
the "New Canterbury Tales." by Maurice
Hewlett: "The Purple Cloud." by M. P
Shiel; "The Flower and Thorn," by Miss
Beatrice Whitney, and "The Giants'
Gate," by Max Pemberton.
"The Eternal City." "The Herb of
Grace," "The History of Sir Richard Cai
mady" and "The Luck of the Vails" have
also continued in steady request.
"Light Freights," by W. "Vtt. Jacob*,
proved no exception to the customary
success of that author's humorous pro
ductions, as it has been in constant de
mand.
Prise gift books are pouring: in from
various publishing houses and works from
the pens of those prolif^ writers for
youthful minds such as G. A. Henty, G.
Manville Fenn, Dr. Gordon Stables anil
others have already begun to be sought
after.
It is said that Graham Salfour's "Lif^
of Robert Louis Stevenson" is already in
its seventh thousand. In this connection
it is perhaps worthy of note that the
Christmas number of the Pall Mall Maga
zine will contain a character sketch of
Stevenson from the pen of W. E. Henley,
who perhaps knew him better and under
stood him better than any of his contem
poraries.
Now that the woman publisher has
come on the scene, there Is a possibility
that the book trade may have to be dis
cussed before long, from the woman
po.nt of view. Women booksellers, of .
course, have long existed in London, but
mostly as dealers in second hand books.
There are two well known women book
sellers In Kensington, however, who open
ed a regular shop as an experiment about
eighteen months ago, and who have made
a great success of it. Bookselling, they
d€ clare, is a delightful business for a
woman, and one in which she has every
oportunlty of excelling.
Miss Florence White, the new publisher,
begins appropriately with the home series
which she edited for Grant Richards and
which she has taken over from him. Her
imprint may also be seen on a new hand
book on smallpox.
The death of that great Chinaman LI
Hung Chang gives point to a book whi^h
Mr. Murray is just about to publish. It
is a series of anecdotes of John China
man," illustrating his character and cus
toms, and is derived from the author's
own personal experiences in China. He is
E. H. Parwer, who to now professor of
Chinese at Owens College. Manchester,
and for years was in the British consular
service in China. He has both a knowl
edge of the people and an appreciation of
them. He thinks with Sir Robert Hare
that any attempt to crush the Chinese
spirit is a mistake which will have to be
paid for in the future.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The following
Californians are in Now York: From San
Francisco — L. M. Gray, at the Manhattan;
M. Slminoff, at the Broadway Central; H.
B. Bloom, at the Grand; A. Hickmott, at
the Navarre: C. J. Bnutr. E. W. Jackson
and V. J. Morrison, at the Imperial; J. C.
Garrett, at the Marlbon-ugh; J. W. Hard
ing, at the Astor.
From Los Angeles— Dr. McCullough, at
th« Imperial; C. A. Cr.nneld, at the Neth
erland.
From San Diego— W. H. Carlson, at th«
Astor.
From San Jose— Miss L. A. Cutlinj. at
the Sturtevant.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Tcwnsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Best eyeglasses, specs. 10c to 40c. Look out
for 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 •
England is a creditor to the world for
£1,500,000.000.
Remove th# causes that make your hair life
less and gray with Parkers Hair Balsam.
Hinderrorns. tb* best cure for corns. 16 ct».AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA.
Cnder the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2, --FAUST."
Sembrlch. Homer; Dippel. Campanarl and Ed
de Reszke. Conductor, Seppllll.
TO-NIGHT at S. "MANON."
Sybil Sanderson; Declery. Journet. Sallgnac.
Conductor, Flon.
Sunday evening. Nov. IT. at 8. First Grand
Sunday Night Performance a; popular prices.
"LA BOHEME." Suzanne Adams, Frltzi
Scheff; De Marchl. Perello. Gilibert, Campa-
nari. Conductor, Seppilll.
Mon. Eve. Nov. 18, at Only performance
of 'ROMEO ET JULIETTE." Sybil Sanderson
Bridewell. Bauermeister; Saligrnac. Ed de
Jtesrke. Journet, Gilibert, Declery, Bars. Con-
ductor, Flon.
Tues. Ev'g. Nov. 19. at S. Joint appearance of
Mme. Eames and Mme. Sembrich in Mozart's
Opera, 'LE NOZZE DI FIGARO" (The Mar-
riage of Figaro), with an unprecedented cast.
Eames, Scbeil and Sembrich ; Ed de Reszke and
Carr.panarl. Conductor, Seppilll.
Wed EVp. Nov. 20. at S. "CARMEN " .
Calve. Suzanne Adams; Salig-nac. Declery
and Seoul. Conductor. Flon. •' ,
Thurs. Eve. Nov. 21, at 7:45. "DIE MEIS-
TERSINGER." Gadskt, Schumann-Heink ;
Dippel. Bispham. Muhlmann and Ed de Reszke
Conductor, Damrosch.
Friday EVg. Nov. 22, at 8. "CARMEN "
Calve. Suzanne Adams: De March!, Declery
and Scotti. Conductor Flon
Saturday Matinee, Nov. 23, at 2 "LOHEN-
GRIN."
Eames. Schumann-Heink; Van Dyck Bisp-
ham. Muhlmann and Blass. Conductor Dam-
rosch.
Saturday Ev'g, Nov. 2.". at 8, only perform-
ance of '11. BARBIERE DI SIVIGLIA" (The
Barber of Seville). Sembrich: Salignac Cam-
panari. Tavecchla and Ed de Reszke.' Con-
ductor. Seppilll.
Seats for any of the above performances now
on sale at the Box Office.
Prices for Regular Performances, $2, $3, $4,
f.i and $7. General admission. $2.
Prices for Sunday Nil Performances $1 $2
T2 50 and $3. Boxes, $12, $i» and $18.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
BEZdSCO a*o THJUASj^pflp
<^ tStSX C.TTfUUI
MATIXEE TO-DAY AND SUXDAY.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Evening Last Times.
The Famous Melodrama,
"LIGHTS Q'
LONDON."
PIfEC Evening 10c. 15c. 25c. Ssc. 50c
1 lIIWLJ Matinees..... 10c, 15c. 25c
Most Week the Big Melodrama,
-KING of TEE opium RING.-"
MATINEE to-dat. Saturday. Nov. 1«.
Parquet., any seat. 25c: balcony. 10c; children.
any part except reserved. 10c
WONDERFUL "ATTRACTIONS !
The Girl With the Auburn Hair, Fra-
6er Troupe, Fred Niblo, Joseph
Adelman, Lillian Biirkhart and
Company, and the Biograph. Last
times of Burton's Acrobatic Com-
edy Dogs, The Onllaw Trio and Th«;
Lockos.
*TIVOLi*
SPECIAL MATTNEE SUNDAY AT
BRING THE CHILDREN. 4 .
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
The Belle of -New York
Monday, Nov.,lB— A GAISTY GIRL
- Every Evening at 8 O'clock Sharp.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday at 2 sharp!
Popular Prices— 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
PHI HUB I A SAH FBARCISCOI
vULUmyIM leading tkeatee
MATINEE TO-DAY! Last time to-night!
SARAH COWELL LE HOYNE
In Charles Henry Meltzer's Historical Play.
The First Duchess of Ksrlborough.
Beginning SIIVRAY MfiHT
TO-MORROW, OUI\L»AI IMUIII,
WILLIAM COLLIER
In Augustus Thomas'
Phenomenally Successful Comedy,
"ON THE QUIET."
JbT^*( j V«i?%^ls»\^iPJsßB
LAST time this EVENING.
ladies' and CHILDREN'S souvenir
matinee TO day.
JAMES A. HERNE'S
Famous Comedy Drama and Beautiful Play,
"SHORE ACRES."
SEATS READY. .
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
HAVERLY'S MASTODON
MINSTRELS,
With GEO. WILSON
And a Most Complete Organization. • I
> _ SEATS READY.
Hlf H MAT R E^iT
»«lTri and Thall Managers
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
LAST 2 NIGHTS.
Rubs Whytal's Great Military Play
"For Fair Virginia."
Interpreted by the
LATEST AND GREATEST
ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
Beats on sale six days in advance.
NEXT--SELF AND LADY."
Thankerlvi:* Week— "WE 'UNS OF TEN-
NESSEE."
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGELES vs. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 2:45 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison ¦treats.
Fl<srHßß'^ concert house,
r lOtntn O Admission lOc.
Myrtle Belwyn: Floria; Carle and Boyle;
Eleanora Jenkins; Wm. Blake; Swor and
Hathaway: Eushlaush; Sid Baxter;, and Hin-
richs* Orchestra. Reserved Seats. 25c. Mati-
nee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels la the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the- ¦
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the — depots, ferries and parks —
pass the entrance. >
American and European plans. . .
LONDON POLICE
STILL HOLD DIX
Prisoner Makes Strong
Plea to Be Released
on Bail.
Officials of United States Em
bassy Aek That He Be
Detained.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— H. St. John Dix
was brought up on remand at the Bow
street Police Court to-day, charged on a
provisional warrant with larceny com
mitted in the United States, and was
again remanded for a week. The prisoner
was represented by the Hon. Charles Rus
sell, who made a strong plea for bail on
the ground that his client was a British
subject and that he had never been nat
uralized in the United States. The offi
cials of the United States embassy op
posed the prisoner's release on bail, say
ing that papers were expdected here by
December 5.
The prosecution believes that Dixs real
name is Jenkins: that he was engaged in
literary work in America under the name
of Henry St. John, and that he subse
quently adopted the name of Dix when he
started i/i business as a banker.
Among the papers secured at the time
of the prisoner's arrest was a dishonored
draft for $3000, drawn on New York and
signed "John Bruce." The prisoner de
nied all knowledge of the draft and said
he had never seen it. It was apparently
drawn by his attorner. Bruce, with whom
he was domiciled in London.
It is alleged that EL St. John Dix ob
tained control of three banks in the State
of Washington in 1900, and that he subse
quently wrecked the Scandinavian-Ameri
can Bank at Whatcom, Wash., and dis
appeared with over $8000.
.Dix was arrested in London November
S. and was remanded after formal evi
dence of his arrest had been presented.
Some weeks previous to Dix being taken
into custody the authorities of Scotland
Yard informed the officials of the United
States embassy that Dix was available if
required. The usual inquiries were insti
tuted and the authorities at Tacoma sent
a recuest for Dixs arrest.
H. St. John Dix, or H. St. John (or Jen
kins), according to his own story related
to confidential friends at Whatcom,
Wash., is the eldest son of a British peer
raid is entitled to succeed to the peerage
on his father's death. He was one of the
principals in the ltata affair, when the
ship left the harbor of San Diego, Cal.,
during the late civil war in Chile, loaded
with munitions of war for the insurgents,
after the American Government had pro
hibited her departure. She was chased
and captured by an American warship
and St. John was thrown into prison at
Valparaiso. He was subsequently released
through the influence of the British Min
ister there.
St. John accompanied Coxey's army
from Massillon, Ohio, to Washington as
commissary general, acting at the same
time as correspondent for a Chicago pa
per.
Later St. John formed a plan for the
establishment of a string of banks to
reach from Vancouver. B. C., to San Di
ego. Cal. He borrowed $9000 from a Se
attle bank with wnich to buy a controll
ing interest in the Scandinavian-American
Bank at Whatcom, paying $3000 for the
use of the money for eight days. He
then took the deposits in the Scandina
vian-American Bank and purchased the
Bank of Blalne at Blame, Wash., and
bought the Citizens' National Bank at
Fairhaven. Wash. He also entered into
negotiations for banks in Seattle. Tacoma.
and Everett, but eventually fled, telling
his associates that he was going to get
help and that he had a $100,000 insurance
policy in London that had just matured.
GERMAN PAPER ATTACKS
CONSUL GENERAL MASON
Seriously Objects to His Reflections
on the Business Situation in
the Empire.
BERLIN. Nov. 15.— The Kreuz Zeitung
to-day makes a savage attack upon Fran
rip Mason. United States Consul General,
because in a recent consular report the
latter said the business situation in Ger
many could not regain Its former pros
perity as long as the future respecting
duties continued uncertain and the danger
of foreign reprisals remained.
In Mason's report the Kreuz Zeitung
sees a. censure of the German Government
and answers that duties in Germany ar«
not more uncertain than in the United
States, and that Germany is only exact
ly following the example the United
States has set in raising its duties. •
The paper in question concludes by
saying:
"Let the United States make and inaug
urate a tariff reform favorable to com
mercial treaties before accusing other
countries of endangering trade relations
..rough preparations for tariff legisla
tion."
REGARD LODGE'S SPEECH
A WARNING TO GERMANY
English. Press Thinks German Em
peror Will Proceed to Create a
Great Fleet.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— The Spectator,
commenting upon Senator Lodge's "very
important speech" last Saturday night in
Boston, will say to-morrow:
"Europe is in fact forbidden to acquire
even a coaling station in either of the
Americas. As Great Britain and France
already have possessions in America, it
can only refer to Germany. The warning
is to her, and it will stimulate Emperor
William's plans for creating a great
fleet."
The Outlook, reviewing the position of
the navies of the world, predicts the
United States will yet have a fleet second
only to that of Great Britain.
Collector of New York Port.
OSWEGO, Nov. 15.— Senator N. A.
Stranahan received a letter from Presi
dent Roosevelt to-day tendering him the
position of Collector of the port of New
York. He will accept.
AMUSETu^IITS.
GHUTES^and ZOO
If SPECIAL TO-NIGHT ! %
PAST MASTER WORKMEN'S ASSOCIA-
TION NIGHT ATJHE CBUTES. :
Big Vaudeville Bill!
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK !
HARRY HARMON, HIGH DIVER.
Telephone • for Seats Park 23.
lfeg, RACING
wKSSSi^Sr . Every Week Day— "
«' Rain or Shine. '
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 d. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with. San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
care bo direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
JP;. m- and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President. .
; . CHAS. F. PRICE, Secy and Mgr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
ERZERUM VISITED
BY FATAL TEMBLOR
Twenty-Two Persons Are Killed and
Many Buildings Destroyed.
TIFLIS, Russia, Nov. 15.— Eneram has again been visited by
an earthquake. Altogether there were fifty shocks,, ten
of them being very violent. TTventy-trro persons were
killed and many buildings . destroyed. The panic-stricken
populace Is camping In the fields. The public offices are
i closed. Several shocks have also been felt at Kuyniskalah
and Hassan-Kaleh. '.:. ¦' ...
"j. ""¦ BUENA VISTA, Colo., Nov. 15.— At 3 o'clock this morning; this
town and surrounding; country experienced an earthquake shock
vt-hlch lasted for several seconds. Many people rushed from their
residences in night attire, fearfng; their homes would be demol
ished. Plate-glass windows were cracked, and, it Is reported, the
-waters of Cottonwood Lake rose considerably. Many huge bowl
ders on Mount -Princeton and Mount Harvard -were dislodged and
rolled down the sides of the mountains. The trembling: seemed to
travel from the southwest to the northeast and lasted about six
• , ¦ ¦¦¦'.¦¦¦ \ -
seconds. • . : . . >¦ ¦ ,
ROBBER SUSPECT
NOW IDENTIFIED
Proves to Be a Noted
Criminal Wanted for
Murder.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 15.— A telegram has
been received by Chief of Detectives Des
mond from Sheriff House of Concho Coun
ty, Texas, stating that the picture of
Longbai:gh, the train robber suspect held
at the Four Courts, had been identified as
that of Ben Kilpatrick, "the lone Texan"
who is wanted there for murder. Kilpat
rick escaped at Sonora last April when
Bill Carver was killed. The woman pris
oner, Laura Bullion, is also well known
there. More of the stolen Helena, Mont,
bank bills are turning up in circulation
about San Angelo.
Chief Desmond "sweated" Kilpatrick
again to-day. He acknowledged that he
had been reared in Paint Rock, Texas,
and knew Sheriff House.
"You are wanted for murder down
there," said the chief. "Now whom did
you kill?"
"I don't remember being In trouble
down there," replied the prisoner. Then
he stopped talking.
In the minds of the St. Louis police
there is no longer any doubt that the
Montana train robber suspect is Ben Kil
patrick of Paint Rock, Texas. Another let
ter containing an authentic picture of Kil
patrick was received this afternoon from
Sheriff House. The likeness between the
picture and the prisoner is unmistakable.
When the photograph was shown to the
prisoner every muscle in his body quiv
ered. He compressed his lips, but did not
say anything. _"
A telegram was received from R. B.
Kirk, the Sheriff of Ballinger County,
Texas, saying that the picture of the
supposed Longbaugh had been positively
identified there as that of Ben Kilpatrick.
SITE FOR FIiOUB MILL
SECURED IN THIS CITY
Chicago Capitalists Prepare to Take
Part in San Francisco's Indus
trial Activity.
Upon the block bounded by Kearny,
Montgomery, Chestnut and Francisco
streets the McDonald Grain and Milling
Company will erect a large flour mill
upon the expiration of a land lease next
year. The property was recently con
veyed in part through the agency of
Baldwin & Howell from Edmund K.
Scott, Alice M. Wilmot and Eva and
Charles F. Scott to the milling company
for $42,500. The sellers own an undivided
three-eighths in the land. The other five
eights are owned by Andrew B. Mc-
Creery, Peter J. Donahue and the Burke
estate. A division of the block will be
agreed upon which will give the milling
company 137:6x275 feet upon which to
build.
The expectation is that the mill will
cost about $200,000. The site is only about
200 feet from the belt railway and is prac
tically on the water front, so that it is
easily accessible to both rail and sea
transportation.
W. E. Keller, the manager of the mill
ing company, has been here recently
making the deal for the land required.
Several places were considered before the
selection was finally made. The company
is operating a large mill at Los Angeles.
The people concerned in the company are
Chicago capitalists.
TEACHERS HOLD ANNUAL
MEETING OF AID SOCIETY
Permanent Retirement Fund Is Rp
ported to Be in Most Satisfac
tory Condition.
The annual meeting of the Public
School Teachers' Annuity and Retirement
Association was held yesterday afternoon
in the auditorium of the Girls' High
School and was attended by fully 500
members. L. A. Jordan presided and read
his first annual report. In the permanent
fund, which is to be raised to $50,000 be
fore any use will be made of the income,
there is now $17,284 53. In the hands of
the Mayor, Superintendent of Schools and
Treasurer in the permanent fund under
their control is $13,395 10, making a total
of $30,679 68. During the year the asso
ciation has lost seven members by death.
Appropriate resolutions were adopted to
their memory.
A. L. Mann was elected president and
R. D. Faulkner and Miss Carrie Hunt as
trustees to succeed Miss E. R. Stincen
and Mrs. M. Prag. T. H. McCarthy was.
re-elected. These trustees will serve for
three years.
A number of changes were made in the
constitution and by-laws, the principal
one being the fixing of annual dues at $2,
payabte semi-annually, instead of $10.
This provoked a long debate, but was
finally carried by a decisive majority.
Anti-Chinese Convention.
The following additional list of delegates
to the Chinese Exclusion Convention was
given out by Mayor Phelan yesterday:
San Francisco labor organizations: Interna
tional Association of Machinists, San Francisco
Lodgo No. 68— H. M. Burnet, William Delaney,
James Maginnis. Steam Laundry Workers'
Union— J. D. Campbell, William Downey, Fred
Cain. National Union of United Brewery
Workmen of the United States, Local Union
No. 227— J. T. Heaney, John Shea, Rudolf
Speck. Boilermakers' and Iron Ship Helpers'
Union No. 9052 — E. P. Desmond, R. Haas, W
D. Getchell.
Western Addition Improvement Club— M. Ro
senthal, J. Henderson. Naph. N. Greensfelder.
S?n Jos 1 ?: Stablemen's Union No. 9026— D. A.
Veriuble, Al Simpson, John Lane.
Merced: City Council— A. B. Hamilton (chair
man), Thomas Price, C. H. Deane, George H
Whltwcrth, W. H. Ogden. Delegates— W. b!
Croop, E. L. Sturgeon, F. W. Yoakum, J. H.
Anderson, J. O. Hoyle.
Burglary Charge Not Proved.
Arthur Streeter, a soldier, was charged
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday with
burglary for breaking into the residence
of Henry Dams, 1108 Clay street. Streeter
brought forward three witnesses who
swore that he was not near the scene of
the burglary, and as there was only the
evidence of Dams, who is an old man, for
the prosecution, the Judge dismissed' the
case.
"The Pivot of a Period."
Professor R. R. LJoyd delivered a lect
ure last evening: in Bethany Church on
Bartlett street, near Twenty-fifth. The
lecture was entitled "The Pivot of a
Period," and dealt with the early history
of the Protestant church and the part
played in its establishment by Martin
Luther. The lecture was well attended.
Mmc Emma Eames on qualification! of a
great singer in the Wasp. Out to-day. •
POLITICAL PULL
WILL NOT AVAIL
President Annoyed by
Army Officers Seek
ing Promotion.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— 1t was an
nounced at the War Department to-day
that the names of the officers to fill the
vacancies in the grade of brigadier gen
eral will not be announced until Congress
meets, as it is not deemed desirable to
make ad interim appointments. In addi
tion to this statement and in view of the
great pressure that has been brought to
bear, it has been deemed proper to make
the following official declaration:
The Secretary of War and the President have
had Informal discussions on army matters on
several occasions and it is understood that the
President has expressed himself raost positively
on the use of political and social influence by
officers for the purpose of obtaining changes
of stations, leaves of absence, modifications of
orders, etc. Of course, It Is understood that
officers often deem it necessary to have atten
tion called to their cases by political friends
for appointments, especially cases of young
volunteer officers who have recently been ap
pointed. It is safe to say. however, that at
no period in the history of our Government
has the matter of record been used to such good
purpose as during the present reorganization of
the army, when the greatest possible care has
been taken in the selection of persons for ap
pointment to the reorganized army
The President has not hesitated' to Inform
Senators and others who have applied to him
that no officer will improve his chances by
sending his friends to annoy the President in
his behalf. On the contrary the effect which
will be produced probably will be directly op
posite to that which the candidate hopes for.
Several Senators and Representatives have
had some disappointment because the per
sons in whom they are Interested have not
received the appointments and stations applied
for by them, but the administration as a whole
is evidently of the opinion that the good sense
and Judgment of public men will lead to the
same conclusion as that arrived at by the
President and Secretary of War, that Is. if a
system of records be thoroughly established
at the War Department, showlrg the progres
sive work of officers frqm year to year. It will
be far better for the officers and men, as well
as public officials, that such a register bo
made the guide for selections, details etc.,
rather than influence. The appeals of Indi
viduals to their Congressmen for their personal
assistance in the matters above enumerated
necessitate public men giving up a great deal
of their time in locating the proper office at
which to apply for Information and the filing
of appeals. This takes them away from their
legitimate duties while Congress is in sesrion
and also interferes greatly with the public ad
ministration of the departments. It Is fully
recognized by public officials that the proper
men in the first instance to establish the char
acter of an applicant for office are the Sen
ators and Representatives from their own
home, and it is eminently just and proper that
their influence should be respected and they
should be responsible for the character of the
persons recommended for office, but once in
the public service it is only fair to the ad
ministration that not only army officers but
all other classes of public office-holders should
rely upon their own merits and not upon the
further use of political Influence.
AN INADEQUATE VERDICT
SET ASIDE IN NEW YORK
Supreme Court Justice Severely Criti
cizes Action of Jury in a
Damage Suit.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— Justice O'Gor
man in the Supreme Court to-day of his
own motion set aside a verdict for $300 in
favor of Julius Wiltsen, who sued the
Metropolitan Street Railway Company for
$15,000 for the death of his five-year-old
son Lawrence on the ground that such a
verdict was utterly inadequate. The ac
tion taken by Justice O'Gorman is said
to be without precedent in the New York
courts. In setting aside the verdict the
Justice said:
"The verdict rendered in this case Is so
grossly inadequate and indefensible that
it should not be allowed to stand. The
verdict is perverse and the damages arbi
trarily and capriciously fixed at such a
low figure as to shock the moral sense.
"The plaintiff is in no manner responsi
ble for this miscarriage of justice, and to
impose costs as a condition of setting the
verdict aside and granting a new trial is
to emphasize the wrong to which the jury
has already subjected him."
Its' fi£
© & k T , he UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT stands I
¦_ Iv. •. back of every one of these grins we offer you. Uncle I
T Hi . . faai » is a pretty good judge of firearms, and when he 1
%J JjH • I? es - to war he is very sure to get the oest guns made. i
Z-*usi\ inese were all manufactured expressly for use by our fi
¦ 818 : soldiers in the Civil War. -...They -are built of the finest ' H
C maL Ml tempered steel, with polished brass and other mount- a
Co3^fflWw Ings, and they cost ' the Government from $18 to $30 1
LJ-^ilD apiece. ...... v .. S
JTJ. \Jar *_ We purchased at* auction the entire stock in the I
X*» »k United States Arsenals, and we offer them to you, singly fi
.'¦wjl. 1 ' or in numbers, at job-lot prices. They are just as good I
. , W as they ever w ere and can be used for every purpose ¦
i^a where guns are used. They are also «
Ik VAUABLE as RELICS I
ajfyfft of days that are past, and a constant reminder of the »
11 heroic deeds o f the MAN BEHIND the GUN in the ' f
|^je^^' Civil war. ;. , W
"We sell these guns— worth from $18 to $30— the In- H
significant price of $175. Price includes twenty cartridges. 8
; - Besides the guns themselves, we have all sorts of supplies and other n
weapons which can not be purchased, anywhere else, but as the supply . ¦
;."-'¦? is limited the early , comers will secure the advantage of this last chance I
'to obtain these trophies. .Cartridges; for the guns can always be had. ¦
W. S. KIRK, |
517 Market St., San Francisco I
DARING BURGLAR
KILLS A WOMAN
Shoots Her in the Head
When She Finds Him
in Her Room.
Husband of the Victim Then
Riddles the Murderer
With Bullets.
GALENA, Kans., Nov. 16.— At Central
City, a mining camp, thirty-five miles
west of Galena, at 2 o'clock, Mrs. Kramer,
wife of a merchant, was shot dead in her
bed by Ed Watkins, a town tough, who
had" entered the house for the purpose of
robbery. Kramer then shot and killed
Watkins. Watkins had formerly been
employed by Kramer in the tatter's gen
eral store. Kramer had disposed of con
siderable property in town yesterday and
was accompanied home by Watkins. Mrs.
Kramer was awakened in the night and
found Watkins standing over her bed and
pointing a revolver at her. She managed
to exclaim, "Why, man, you wouldn't
hurt us, wouldyou." when Watkins, with
out paying heed to her plea, fired, the
ball entering Mrs. Kramer's temple and
killing her instantly. Kramer arose by
his wife's side and fired three times at
Watkins, each ball taking effect. After
Kramer's first shot Watkins called to his
partner, who was in an adjoining room,
"Ed, do your duty." Then Watkins died
without speaking another word. His pal,
whose name and identity are unknown,
escaped.
Kramer's eighteen-months-old girl was
sleeping between her father and mother
when the mother was shot.
RAILROAD AGENTS TO
BE WELL ENTERTAINED
Arrangements for Reception of Visi
tors Completed — Personal
\ Notes.
The local railway men have completed
arrangements for the reception of the
members of the Traveling Passenger As
sociation, which is now in session at Los
Angeles. The party will arrive in this
city for a two days' stay Monday morn
ing.
It Is intended to take the visitors to
Mount Tamalpais Tuesday morning. The
start will- be made at 9:30 o'clock, and the
return trip will be made at 3:30 p. m. In
the evening the visiting railway men and
their families will be the guests of Man
ager Morrissey of the Orpheum, who has
placed 310 tickets at their disposal.
On Wednesday the visitors will view the
various sights about the city, and will be
given a luncheon at the Cliff House. The
day's enjoyment will conclude with sight
seeing in Chinatown. Many of the travel
ers will leave for the East Wednesday
night, the remainder following on Thurs
day.
Assistant General Passenger Agent H.
K. Gregory of the Santa Fe returned yes
terday from Los Angeles, where he at
tended the convention of the Traveling
Passenger Association. He reports hav
ing had a royal time during tils absence.
Assistant Traffic Manager W. A. Bissell
of the Santa Fe returned from Washing
ton, D. C, yesterday.
The meeting of the transcontinental
lines, which was to have been held in St.
Louis next week, has been postponed un
til December 10. The trip of Passenger
Traffic Manager E. O. McCormick and
Chief Clerk W. G. Gardiner of the South
ern Pacific, who expected to leave for St.
Louis last evening, has been postponed
until next month.
W. D. Sanborn of the Burlingrton has
gone to Los Angeles on a flying business
trip.
William Mead, general agent of the
Chicago and Northwestern at Portland, Is
in the city on business for his company.
A Watch to the Captain.
The officers and members of San Fran
cisco Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2 tendered
a reception last evening- in the Odd Fel
lows' building to San Francisco Canton
No. 5 and Oakland Canton No. 11, Patri
archs Militant, in token of appreciation of
many courtesies extended to the drill
corps during the recent encampment at
Fresno. Many of the members from Oak
land wore the fatigue uniform. There
was an address by Captain Allie Parker,
commanding the corps; a recitation by
Miss Eva Hecker, a sketch by Mesdame3
Barnett and Cyrus, song by Miss Tippet,
short addresses by Lieutenant Kirk, En
sign Pape, Grand Patriarch C. H. Wever
Major Pape. Adjutant Naismith, Dr.
Pierce. lieutenant Breckwoldt and En
sign Phillips, after which Captain Parker
was, on behalf of the corps, presented by
Mrs. Cyrus with a beautiful gold watch
and chain as a token of appreciation of
her services as commander of the corps.
Then followed dancing and the serving
of a dainty collation.
Suicide of John W. Hummell.
John W. Hummell, an assayer recently
employed in the Union Iron Works as a
machinist, was found dead yesterday on
Ninth avenue in Golden Gate Park wth
a bullet wound in his forehead and a
pistol near his right hand. The discov
ery was made by a mushroom picker, who
notified George Ireland, a saloon-keeper,
who in turn notified the morgue officials.
In the pockets of the dead man was found
$93 10. Hummell was a widower and re
sided at 760 Harrison street. In the even
ing he attended Van der Naillen's Mining
School at 113 Fulton street. He had been
subject to epileptic fits and it is thought
that* despondency led him to make away
with himself.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOOK AT THE LABELS !
g^ijiilfil THE GENUINE
HPinDAI/FD'C
I a dAIVIKj
IgJ COCOA
CHOCOLATE;
Walter Baker & Co.. Ltd.
ESTABLISHED 1780. DORCHESTER. MASS.. .
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Its great superiority
readily verified by a per-
sonal test.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF
THE MERCHANTS'
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. »".
" CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
•.. Cash ...^...$ .400.000 00
- ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 187,028 82
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 318,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 658,700 00
Cash in Company's Office 12,963 62
Cash in Banks 39,362 88
Interest due and accrued on all -
Stocks and Loans 3,76192
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 3,843 36
Premiums In ¦ due Course of Collec-
tion 160,039 50
Rents due and accrued . 1,005 34
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid.... - 3.498 64
Total Assets 388. 706 03
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 27,812 49
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 67.122 5S
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10,309 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year or less, $540,119 30; '.
reinsurance 50 per cent 270,059 73
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning more than one year, 1769,-
' 445 82: reinsurance pro rata 381.055 37
Due and accrued - for salaries, rent,
etc 16.61590
All other liabilities 42.092 63
Total Liabilities $805,570 73
• - ¦ : ¦ - —
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $ 823,84142
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages '. 18,350 47
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from V
all other sources 29,747 50
Received for Rents .-..'.... 7,117 79
Received from all other sources 19.088 36
Total Income $S9S.HS 54
EXPENDITURES. .;- .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $124,933 60. losses of pre- •
vious years) .....". $ 674.708 09
I Dividends to Stockholders 32,000 00
I Paid or allowed for Commissions or
Brokerage ;... 152,445 54
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
' charges for officers, clerks, etc 150,966 64
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes :..... 43,134 89
All other payments and expenditures 45,634 48
Total Expenditures $1,098,889 64
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.... $653,343 73
Rlfks and Premiums. Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $113,613,365 $1,258,244 95
Net amount of Risks
expired during, the '¦• .¦ •¦..'..;*•
year 121,298,954 1.309.078 85
Net amount in force ¦ . . • - ¦
December 31. 1900... 133.751,635 1.309.565 32
G. LEE STENT. President.
¦ W. H. GUERIN, Secretary.
Subscribed ' and sworn to before me this, nth
day of January, 1901. ;
R. S. STEADMAN, Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT! :
G» W. Me NEAR, General Agent,! v
WILLARD O.WAYMAN, Manager,
420 CALIFORNIA STREET, ;f
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
bSBHBt War — rlf "V^J^Bbj
feS Ki&y k. ins*™*. t3 3 «*»«3
H B I fea Bab rf idl BflcJi
m CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
' B »«<S^K v o .'_ Orf* 1 "*! aad Only Genuine.
2<ii^m ln CHIdHKSTEKS^KfbIjSH
try^vS^ lo HED %ni Gold net»lllo boxo. -*vi
S sEß^?i, 1U " !lvi * rtt>t>on - Take io other. K^f.2
Ife' ImSJS^^mM
-JCJ^- ff - tmrm Mall. 1 «,O«O imibanMZ *Ms
I§ California
Limited
Leaves San Franciaco daily
9:OO a. m.
New equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every detaJl,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train.
75 hours to Chicago, and no
limit to the good things fox
your comfort.
Office— 64l Market street and
at Ferry.
The Santa Fe.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE-—
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, OH THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1300. and for
the year ending on that day. as mad'j to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of ' sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. ~"
Real Estate owned by Company 12,143.090 05
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages I 195,000 «•
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,798,412 55
Cash In Company's Office 1.154 08
Cash in Banks 268,813 28
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 40,829 1*
Interest due and accrued on Bond*
and Mortgages — • 179 17
Premiums In due- Course of Col-
lection — 111. SS
Pants due and accrued *.. 14,00 S3
Due from other Companies for Reiji-
. ¦urance on losses already paid...... M.427 38
Total Assets V. 187. 715 01
* LIABILITIES. /
Losses adjusted and unpaid »....» J2, 51» 90
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense i..... 364.110 n
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 102,30157
Gross premiums on Fire Risk?/ run-
ning one year or less. $2,748,242 41;
reinsurance 50 per cent......: LJ74.121 20
Gross premiums on Fire Ris>a run-
ning more than one year. 34,279,-
958 77: reinsurance pro rata. 2,133,528 «
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 227.010 48
Liability under Life DeparTment,... 119,901 73
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
•tc. — 19.323 11
All other liabilities 1...^... ¦......, &9.52S 74
Total Liabilities i ..$4.«98.7M so
INCOMOB. =====
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums ..' — $4,013,709 IS
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 1,479 90
Received tor interest, and dividends . ...
on Bonds. Stocks, Lonna and from
all other sources 150,153 15
Received for Rents M 54,765 29
Total Incoma ....*.... ..$4, 228, 90* 71
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $522,017 86, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,149,593 33
Paid or . allowed for Commission or
Brokerage : M 5.541 l»
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... $47,902 *1
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes v. 130.498 43
All other payments and expenditures. 252.5C7 44
Total Expenditures $4,263,105 53
Fire.
Losses 'ncurred during the year..... .52.810.843 17
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during - the
year $797,441,087 $5,966,547 TO
Net amount of Risks
expired . during the
1 year 754,048.142 5.572.709 M
Net amount In - force
December 31, 1900.... 772,480.403 i 7.023.20113
. E. F. BEDDALL.
General Attorney for the ¦ U. . S.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Z3d
day of January, 1901.
EDMUND HARVEY.
Notary Public .
ROLLA V. WATT,
Manager Pacific Department,
ROYAL BUILDING,
Northwest > Cop. Pine and Sansomo Sta.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Agents in all cities and towns on the Pacific
. Coast. i '•¦ ¦ ¦'.
Department includes Alaska . and Hawaaian
Islands.
f iißfly Call $1.00 Year
78
HARRIMAN HAS
THE LONG TERM
Directors of Combine
Confirm Hill as Pres
ident.
Union Pacific Has One Rep
resentative in Each Class
on the Board.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— The directors of
the Northern Securities Company met to
day and confirmed the. election of the fol
lowing officers: President, James J. Hill;
vicfe president, John S. Kennedy; second
vice president, George F. Baker; third
vice president, D. WiUis James; fourth
vice president, W. i. dough; secretary
and treasurer, W. J. Nichols; general
counsel, W. P. Clough; executive commit
tee—the president ex officio. chairman;
John S. Kennedy, George F. Baker, D.
Willis James, E. H. ::..rriman and W. P.
Clough.
It was announced that in audition to the
confirmation ot the election of officers
only business of a routine nature was
disposed of.
The board of tlSrectojs has been classi
fied according to ler.gtn of service, one
third of the ard going out of office each
k year, as follows:
. One year— Hill, George F. Baker, La
n.ont. fc-tiilman, Terhut:e.
Two years— Thorno, Perkins, Schiff,
Clough.
Three years— Kennedy, James, Nichols,
Bacon and Harriman.
Union Paciric interests have one repre
sentative in each cUi:js of the directors,
but the other lour of the one-year di
rectors are all representatives of the Hlil
interests. "
The Evening Post f^ys: It is not the
intention to make changes in the officers
of any of the three great railroads con
trolled by the new priprietary company.
J. J. Hill has no present intention of re
signing the Great Northern presidency.
Despite reports from Chicago that Presi
dent Harris of the Buiiington, who is now
on his way Ea?t, has resigned, it may b3
stated authoritatively that he will con
tinue as president of that company by
Hill's expressed wish, llellen will also
continue as president of the Northern Pa
ciflc, directing the operations of that
property as heretofore. While it is com
mon knowledge that Slellen antagonized
Hill when the two railways in the North
west were operated as rivals, it is known
that Hill recognizes The special capacity
of Mellon for the Northern Pacific presi
dency and the line record he has made in
that property, and is anxious for him to
remain in the presidency, and has re
quested Mellen to continue in his office.
Of the new officers, the secretary and
treasurer is secretary of the Great North
ern: the vice president is one of Hill' 3
business associates, and generally regard
ed as the largest holder of the Great
Northern railway shares; Baker, presi
dent of the First National Bank, was
Hill's most active associate in the Bur
lngton stock purchase, and Clough is vies
president of the Great Northern Railway.
James is a director of the Northern Pa
cific.
BAVARIA STANDS LOYALLY
WITH THE GEXMAN EMPIRE
Regrets Her Inability to Take Steps
in the Interest of the Brave
Boers.
MUNICH. Nov. lo.— ln the Bavarian
Chamber to-day, during the debate on the
general internal situation, there was
much criticism of the crabbidness of Ba
varia's representatives in the Dundesrath
in regard to the South African war and
In connection with domestic matters. The
Premier. Baron yon Crailsheim, in the
course of an emphatic general denial of
the allegations made declared that, how
ever regrettable, i: was irnpo^tible for
the Imperial Government to take steps
in the interest of "the brave Bbers."
It was a great advantage for Bavaria
to be a member of the German empire,
which, no more than any other great
power, could nowadays evade the worM
policy. As to the charge of Caesarism,
it was a matter for congratulation that
the Emperor took such an energetic view
of his mission. Bavaria would always
stand loyally "i ire. As to the
words attributed to the Prir.ce Regent,
'I will not allow anything to be wrung
from me." they were never uttered, for
the simple reason that no one desired to
wrins anything from Bavaria.
MODEL OF THE PARNELL
HLONT7MENT NEARLY READY
Boston Sculptor Has Bound Himself
to Complete tlie Statue Inside
of Five Years. .
BOSTON. Nov. 15.— John E. Redmond,
M. P., chairman of the Irish Parliamen
tary party and head of the Irish envoys
to America, left to-day for New York. A
part of Redmond's last evening- in Bos
ton was taken up by a conference with
Augustus St. Gaudens, who is to do the
work of modeling the Parnell monument
to be erected in Dublin. The sculptor has
bound himself to complete the statue in
fire years.
The design will be submitted to the
committee -in Ireland by the end of this
year. The figure will be of heroic pro
portions, ¦ and the monument will cost
$40,000 to $59,000. Of this sum Redmond
states that close to 530,000 ha» already
been subscribed and is invested in public
securities at 2ooc interest.
CHINESE COUKT ARRIVES
AT CAPITAL OF HO-NAN
Ministers of Foreign Powers Contem
plate Welcoming the Emperor
When He Reaches Peking.
PEKING. Nov. 35.— The Q&laBM court
has arrived at Kej Fcnpfu, capital of
Honan, having lefi the people along its
route of njarch hrtff ruinr-d by the con
tributions levied fcr entertainment, re
pairing of roads and decorations.
The ministers of thr- foreign powers are
considering. a eugrestion from the Chinese
officials to the effect that the ministers
meet and formally greet and welcome the
Emperor when be arrives at Peking.
FHOENTX CITIZENS SEE
SHOWER' OF METEORS
More Than T"wo Hrmdred Brilliant
Coursers of the Sky Are
Counted.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Kov. 15.— A meteoric
shower of grea' ajid considera
ble length occurred h?re earty this morn
ing:. The shower continued a half-hour,
and during that tim^ more thar. 200 me
teors were counted.
Wounded Prison Guard Is Dying.
I/EAVENWORTK. Kans., Nov. 15.-The
ion of J. B. Waidrupe. the Federal
prison guard, who was shot during the
mutiny last week, has taken a turn for
the worse and he is now In a critical con
dition. His death is highly probable.
Should his death occur the convicts will
l>e tried for murder, and if convicted may
be hanged, otherwise they can only be
tried for mutiny.
Acquitted on Charge of Murder.
I.EAYEXWOPJH, Kans.. Nov. IS.—
After being out but seven minutes th*
Jury in the State against John Wilburn
oharped with the murder of Mr?. Rosa
Hudson, brought in a verdict of not guilty
and the prisoner was released.
Evidence was adduced to convict four
or five raiders who have not yet been
caught.
Big Fire in a Packing-House.
KANSAS CITY, Nor. 15.— The fire that
broke out In the canning: building 1 of the
Cudahy packing: establishment at 6:15
o'clock to-night destroyed that building,
•with a large etook-of canned meats that
It contained. The loss Is estimated at
150.000. The fire was not under control
until nearly 9 o'clock.
LORD ROBERTS WILL SOON RESIGN
THE POST OF COMMANDER IN CHIEF
Big Storm Is Brewing in the British War Office and It Is
Expected to Break Forth With Fury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOXDOX, Xot. 15. — More diasatinfaction than erer reigns In the British Wai Office. It Is now
thought almost certain that Lord Roberts will resign the post of commander In chief next
April, if not sooner, and therefore Trill not take any prominent part in the coronation cere
monies. There in a. considerable amount of grumbling at his continued absence from Pall
Mall, where an enbrmous batch of papers is left unanswered by him.
Only the other day an application was made by Sir Evelyn Wood for another aid de
camp. As the commander in chief was not present Secretary Brodrlclc took it upon himself to answer
and gave a rather curt refusal. This was really a matter which had nothing whatever to do with the
Secretary of War.
Thowe who are likely to know prophesy an early outbreak in Pall Mall. The storm brewing
cannot be delayed very much longer. Dissatisfaction at the War Office is nothing new, for it is an
old story, l»ut military men nay things have never been so bad as they are now.
WALLS COLLAPSE
WITH WORKMEN
One Man Is Killed and
Seven Others Are
Injured.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— The walls of a new
power-house being erected for the Uni
versity of Chicago at Fifty-eighth street
and Ellis avenue suddenly collapsed late
this afternoon, killin* one man and injur
ing seven others, all|(svorkmen.
rge Jenkins, who was on the roof
of the building when the collapse came,
was buried in the wreck.
Henry Potts is thought to be fatally
injured. He was taken from the wreck
unconscious and bleeding and was re
moved 10 the Chicago Hospital.
The other injured men are expected to
recover, most of the injuries consisting:
of broken limbs and serious bruises.
KILLS ONE OFFICER,
AND WOUNDS ANOTHER
Maniac Runs Amuck on the Streets
of the Town of Aberdeen,
Washington.
ABERDEEN, Wash., Nov. 15.— Silas
Smith, a. member of the Board of County
< '. mmissi^ners and City Marshal of the
town of Cosmopo'.is. near here, was shot
and killed this afternoon by an insane
mail contractor named W. J. Youre. C.
Fcnwick, Deputy Constable of this city,
¦was shot in the abdomen by Toure and
fatally wounded. Youre was shot in the
arm and his skull was fractured by a
blow from Fenwick's six-shooter after the
latter had been shot. He may die. Youre
has been In an insane asylum, but had
been discharged as cured.
NO PROTECTION
FOR ABDUCTORS
America Does Not Intend
to Intercede for
Brigands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.W.,
WASHINGTON, Nov. IS.— Up to the close
of office hours to-day the State Depart
ment had received no confirmation of the
rumors current that Miss Stone, the
American missionary, has been released
by her Bulgarian abductors.
Wnile anticipating that this event is im
pending, the authorities say they would
not be surprised should a few days elapse
before the woman i<= actually among her
frends. One of the officials had hoped in
view of Consul General Dickinson's mes
sage yesterday that definite news would
be received to-day. The department de
nies that it has promised to use its good
offices tp prevent Bulgaria from punishing
the brigands after Miss Stone had been
released. As a matter of fact it is the
department's intention to require the Bul
garian government to punish the outlaws
and pay an indemnity besides.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Nov. 15.— Mr. Dickin
pon, consul general of the United States at
Constantinople, has handed the Foreign
Minister here fils credentials as diplo
matic agent of the United States to Bul
garia.
Bloody Tragedy Follows Divorce,
MARION. Kans., Nov. 15.— A. S. Dance,
a farmer living five miles north of Ma
rion, shot and fatally wounded his di
vorced wife at their home to-day and
then attempted suicide by taking poison
Dance is unconscious and it is believed
cannot live. Three small Children wit
nessed the crime and were found crying
over the prostrated forms of their pa
rents by the neighbors.
Marquis of Queensberry's Debts.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— At the examination
to-day of the Marquis of Queensberry in
bankruptcy proceedings it transpired that
when he succeeded to the estate a year
ago he owed £150,000. This had been paid
off and his debts now amounted to £18,000,
attributed partly to his recent Siberian
travels.
|v /filpil^j Woman's Debt to Cardui f j
lL^^ jl V '1 Vharton, Texas* January 3J, J9of. v
"3 <-/ r? J^\^*-»Zr\ \ & Before I began taking Wine of Cardui and Thedford'i Black-Draught I had almost gfoeaT ' |§j
m JT / /^l > -sPiS \ I *P *k* idea of trying to get relief from my trouble. My menses did not last more than two daya ma
I *^\\LJ Shea&Sha^Ji fV^ A 1 ' an< * I had cram in the lower part of my stomach and my limbs ached. -My eyes and nos- ,
i - s X~^/rff\%^Z^^ H^*L Wi trils became sore * But now since taking wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black-Draught I passed a
'** sy*~/S/fs y*~ / S/f \ v^V/ & *kk mont without a pain and ran the whole time. I feel like a new woman, f advise all ypf
I s^/i V\\ W i suffering women to take Vine of Cardui. I owe my health to your wonderful "Woman's Relief*, S»
/ X&h/Sto^J Mn. A. D. PAIGE. X
j ( \K . I<t 1 Why will any woman hesitate to take Wine of Cardui with Mrs. Paige's plain, honest story before* her? 111
I? £/. 'Is 1 ~ 1 1 t5 w regulates the menses perfectly and cures all the distressing ills that are caused by the irregular flow;- - jfl
1 j^^^^L /iW^^f There is no excuse for any reader of this paper submitting to days of suffering every month. Do 111
t S^wj^y!/]^*? v \sl you think Mrs. Paige would let her trouble run another day again, now that she knows what it Is to rtla
1 C %7/yMs\ |\ W* be well and strong? You will be like another woman in a short time if you secure a bottle of Wine &
! v /^Nw^^xvvV^S \ -of -Cardui from your druggist today and take it according to directions. Mrs. Paige is only one M
I I Al^^ i/ Iff If ' \V^§ | among thousands of women who have secured relief from Wine of CafduL It cures leucorrhcta, W.
' vL#*^ > falling of the womb, and every kind of " female trouble." Try it! '.i tB
Kfc. . J< * r1 * s.MM ¦ ' S ' " For adTic« and literature., address, giving symptoms, "The Ladies' Advisory jfjj
;^^V p i Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tean. .: JfeSm
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901
CRUELTY CHARGE
AFTER AN OUTING
Humane Agent Accuses
Ministers of Abusing
Horses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Nov. 15.— Charges of cruelty
lo animals have been filed with the State
Humane Society against Rev. Henry A.
Buchtel, chancellor of the University of
Denver; Rev. Marvin A. Rader of Grace
Methodist Church, Denver, and several
other pastors of small churches in moun
tain towns. The charges are made ,by
residents of Eagle, Colo., from which a
parly of ministers, conducted by Rev. Air.
Gordon of that town, started last summer
on a hunting trip in the mountains. The
party was gone nearly a month. Ten
days before the others, Rev. Mr. Gordon
left the party. When the other ministers
returned to Eagle, it is said they left
their mounts tied to hitching posts outside
the station, and a few moments later
bearded the train for Denver. It is
charged when the owners came- to claim
their animals they found most of their
horses nearly famished for lack of food
and water and with backs and legs cov
ered with sores.
"We have not yet concluded our in
vestigation," said Humane Agent White
head to-night. "I have secured consider
able'evidence. Their cloth will not pro
tect the men accused."
Chancellor Buchtel denies the charge
and intimates that it is an attempt to
blackmail.
FOOD INSPECTORS MAKE
AN IMPORTANT DISCOVERY
Find That the Chicago Markets Have
Been Flooded With Adulterated
Honey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— Glucose honey, un
der the attractive guise of "pure clover
honey," is invading the Chicago markets
to such an extent that the efforts of the
State pure food inspectors are largely di
rected toward investigations of thia im
position, says the Tribune. One entire car
load of "honey" consigned to California
was barred from the markets yesterday,
except as a plainly labeled adulteration.
The analysis of the "honey" composing
the assignment showed that it contained
from 50 to 60 per cent of glucose, and as
"pure honey the stuff was condemned.
The consignee had the choice of selling it
as a glucose mixture or of sending it back,
and he chose the latter course, at the
same time canceling other orders which
would have brought other large quanti
ties of the glucose honey to Chicago.
Unlike many of the adulterations which
flood the market, the glucose honey is not
regarded as an injurious mixture, and
the Pure Food Commissioners affirm that
the imposition on the purchaser is one
which injures his pocketbook and not his
health.
It is worth about one-fifth as much as
real honey.
BOOSEVELT FAVORS
A SCIENTIFIC TARIFF
D. O. Haynes of New York Tells of
His Interview With the Chief
Executive.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— D. O. Haynes of
New York, who is in Chicago to-night,
said in an interview that the published
reports of his remarks last Wednesday
evening in St. Paul about President
Roosevelt's views on tariff were incor
rect.
"Of course, I did not say that the Presi
dent gave the positive assurance that he
would make no reference to revision of
the tariff in his forthcoming message,"
Bald Haynes. "I called upon President
Roosevelt some four weeks ago to ask
him to make some reference in his mes
sage, if possible a recommendation for a
permanent tariff commission. The Presi
dent stated that he could not include this
subject in his message without discussing
it 'with leading members of Congress and
because he would naturally be conserva
tive in what recommendations he made
in his first message.
" 'But,' he continued, 'I am in sympathy
with any movement tending to put the
revision of the tariff on a more scientific
basis and I expressed my views on the
subject in my address before the Home
Market Club in Boston last April.' "
Addition to University.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 15.— The Simpson
Auditorium has been sold by the syndi
cate owning it to the Methodist church
and will now become a part of the Uni
versity of Southern California. The price
paid is said to be $37,000, $14,000 of which
was obtained from the Church Extension
Society through the efforts of Bishop Wil
liam Hamilton.
OIL COMPANIES
WIN ON APPEAL
Important Opinion Is
Handed Down by
the Court.
Judges Gilbert, Morrow and Hawley,
sitting as the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, handed
down two opinions yesterday — one by
Judge Hawley, affirming the decree of the
Circuit Court in the celebrated oil land
cases entitled The Pacific Land and Im
provement Company vs. The Elwood Oil
Company, and The Cosmos Exploration
Company vs. Gray Eagle Oil Company,
and the other by Judge Gilbert, dissent
ing.
The history of the case is as follows:
On December 23, 1899, J. R. Johnston se
lected the east half of the southwest
quarter of section 4, township 29 south,
range 3S east, M. D. M., in Kern County,
consisting of eighty acres, in lieu of a
tract of eighty acres non-mineral land
included within the limits of a public for
est reservation, for which the United
States had issued to him a patent. On
April 11, 1900, Johnston conveyed this land
to the Pacific Land and Improvement
Company.
The claim of the defendants was based
upon a certain placer mining location cov
ering the southwest ciuarter of section 4
in June, 1899, by eight persons, who con
veyed their rights to the Elwood Oil Com
pany, and upon the contention that the
location by Johnston was void for the
reason that no discovery of oil or other
mineral was made until after the selec
tion by Johnston. After the lands were
se4ected by him certain of the defendants
flled a protest, alleging that the same
was mineral land, and the defendants
forcibly entered upon the property, erect
ed derricks and other machinery and pro
ceeded to extract oil.
Courts Without Jurisdiction.
The complainant asked for an injunc
tion restraining the defendants from us
ing the land. In the opinion the court
sav.s:
"We are of the opinion that the Federal
courts are without jurisdiction to entertain a
suit to determine the respective rights of the
parties to any land to which the title remains
in the United States Government in regard to
which a contest is pending in the Land De
partment between the »arties. An action of
ejectment cannot be maintained in the courts
of the United States on a merely equitable
title. The averments in the bill are suscep
tible of the construction that the defendants
are In possession of the land in controversy
While such a bill might be entertained In a
State ccurt. It Is not cognizal.le by a Federal
court of equity, the remedy being at law. The
general ruls is well settled that the right to a
patent once vested is treated by the Govern
ment in dealing with the public lands as
equivalent to a patent issued, and when a
patent does issue it relates back to the incep
tion of the right of the patentee. It is true
that no valid location of a mining: claim can
be made until the discovery of mineral. It
does not, however, follow that because no min
eral was found the land in question was unoc
cupied.
The possessory rights of the minerg have
been recognized by law, although in all such
cases the legal title to the land remains in the
Government. No right can be initiated on
Government land which is in the actual posses
sion of another by a forcible, fraudulent or
clandestine entry thereon.
The judgment of the Circuit Court in
both cases is affirmed, with costs.
Judge Gilbert Dissents.
Judge Gilbert, in his dissenting opinion,
says that the marking and establishing
of four corners and posting at one of
them a notice of the claim do not by
themselves give any right whatever to the
locator. Land covered by such a claim
is truly "vacant land, open to settle
ment," as is any other land of the public
domain. There is no statutory right of
possession or occupation or any other
right whatever conferred by any statute
prior to discovery, save and except the
right of exploration. The right of ex
ploration for miners upon the public do
main is but a license. It does not, prior
to discovery, constitute a legal right in
or to the land on which exploration is
made. Until discovery of the mineral the
law gives him no right whatever, except
to defend himself against the invasion of
another who has no greater right.
Spain Will Not Retrench.
MADRID, Nov. 15.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day, by a vote of 148 to 28,
rejected an amendment presented by
members of the National Union of Cham
bers of Commerce in favor of a consider
able retrenchment in budget expenditures,
chiefly affecting the army and navy.
Senor Safeasta, according to the latest
reports, is feeling much stronger.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 15.— Colonel James A.
Sanno of the Eighteenth Infantry to-day took
command of the Department of the Colorado
pending the appointment of a successor to Gen
eral Merrlam, retired. Colonel Sanno has been
stationed at Fort Russell, Wyo., of late.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TEXAN JUSTICE
DEFIES THE LAW
Counts Himself Into Of
fice When Defeated
at the' Polls.
Issues Certificate of Election
to Himself and Retains
Seat.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 15.— Thousands
of newspaper readers who have heard of
"the law west of the Pecos," in Texas,
v.ill be interested in learning that the lew
will be administered for the next twj
years, as it has been In the past, by
Judge Roy Bean of Langtry, Valverde
County. The result of.the recent election
in this county was brought here to-day
by Edward W. Cartlidge of Mexico City.
Bean has long been known to tourists
who pass through Southern Texas and to
newspaper readers as "the law west of
the Pecos." He presides over a saloon in
Langtry, and when the occasion demands
turns his refreshment stand into a bar
of justice and deals out justice with as
much profit to th.c house as he obtains
from his more tangible merchandise. It
is related of him that he has been known
to hold up a trainload of tourists and
collect 25 cents each from the men be
cause a, passenger on a preceding tram
had failed to pay for a bottle of beer.
On another occasion a tourist offered him
a $20 bill in exchange for a bottle of beer.
The Judge did not have the change and
as the easiest way out of the difficulty
he convened court and fined the tourist
$19 75 for contempt of court in using pro
fane language. He keeps a six-shooter
handy to enforce objectionable decisions.
The voters of Valverde County refused
to sanction such methods of dealing out
justice and the face of the returns at the
recent election showed thart Judge Bean
had been defeated by a majority of 107
votes. As soon as this information wag
brought to Langtry, the Judge convened
court and ordered his Constable to bring
in the ballots. He found that 110 fraudu
lent ballots had been counted for his op
ponent and he declared himself elected
Justice of the Peace of Valverde County
by a majority of 3 votes. He now holds
a certificate of election issued by himself
to himself, and no man has yet appeared
who is disposed to challenge his right to
hold the office.
FRENCH MINISTER OF WAS
ORDERS ARMY STORES SOLD
Finds That a "Laxge Quantity of
Canned Provisions Have Seri
ously Deteriorated.
PARIS, Nov. 15.— La Liberte to-day as
serts that two million francs' worth of
deteriorated American tinned foods have
been discovered among the military stores
at Verdun.
General Andre, the Minister of War,
has consequently ordered all tinned foods
among the army stores, whether French
or American, to be sold, on the ground
that it would be better to have no stores
at all than to depend upon canned provi
sions, which would be found to be bad at
the outbreak of war.
DEEP-LAID PLOT
TO ROB MEALEY
Consul Hanna Reports on
Celebrated Mexican
Mine Case.
DES MOINES, Nov. 15.— Philip C. Han
na, Consul General of the United States
for Northern Mexico, received the records
to-day in the celebrated Mealey case. He
is urged to act promptly, and has accord
ingly hastened them to Washington with
recommendation. He emphatically states
there is a conspiracy to persecute Mealey
and that unless the Government secures
his release at once and obtains redress
the rights of all Americans will be jeop
ardized.
Mealey was confined in a Mexican dun
geon on what he alleged was a trumped
up charge of contempt of court. He al
leges it is the result of an effort to dis
possess him of valuable mining property.
He says those contesting his title Include
prominent officials and relatives of mem
bers of the CaDinet. He alleges he was
given the alternative of signing away his
rights or imprisonment.
Sighs for Inquisition,
LONDON, Nov. 15.— Extracts from the
Chicago translation of the Bible were
published here to-day. The Evening
News comments on the work as follows:
"In Chicago even the masterpiece of liter
ature is not sacred. Twenty misguided
inhabitants have just issued a translation
of the New Testament into modern
American. Such an atrocity almost
makes one sigh for a few hours of the
inquisition."
Story of Railway Purchase Denied.
PARIS, Nov. 15.— The president of the
Compagnie Generale de Traction professes
to know nothing of the story published
in the United States that a group of
American capitalists, headed by John D.
Rockefeller and others, had practically se
cured cortrol of his company.
DALIaAS, Texas, Nov. 15. — There ¦was a kill
ing frost over Northern Texas last ntgrht. The
Indications are that It precludes further growth
of the top crop of cotton.
cr . ADVEBTISE3IENT3.
AfiSOLUTI SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /£*~7g%^*£
Very aacall and as easy
« to take as sugar.
SEE IpARTTtfQ FORHEADACHL SEE
* LL CAKI tlU> FOR DIZZINESS.
Kittle fdr biliousness. rr ., nrMr
GENUINE WIVFR FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
M DHLS FOR CONSTIPATIOK.
WRAPPFR Ij FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPER
WnArrcn [for THECOMPLErma linril
CENIINE MUSTHAVCapiWPJSS.
zVzuto \ Purely VegetaDle.^^^^S^^rtC
'^ "F^IITTED O2T RED PAPER."
ADVESTISITSESITTS. I
" " "1* T Xy ;
ALL READY FOR
THANKSGIVING?
Don't forget about your linen. At tha :
feast you'll want to be dressed in your j
best, and of course you must have im-
maculate linen. If you send your linen j
to the United States Laundry you will ;
get !t back in season and done up in per-
fect condition. Send us your address — j
the wagon will call.
No saw edges. : • ' 'i i .:•? \v>
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street
Telephone— South 420,
Oakland Office— s4- San Pablo Aye.
. 1
GOHORRHCEA AND U2INARY DISCHASSE3
tJ| 1 E Mr MHBk
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
OF ANATOMY?
9 Q^ 1051 MABSET ST. tot. 6iS7i,C.r.W. I
\ ,tij The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m ¦¦**&*&<*. Wof ld - Weaknesses or any contracted «
i. M *se«e positively cared by the oldest "
# Igi I Specialist on the Coast. EsL 36 yews. © <
iflfjjj OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A I
I^JwS Consultation free and strictiy private. X
fl iSc H T'"?™ I**l1 ** 1 personally or by letter. A A
¦ff SIH Po*tto* Curt is e»ery case undertaken. \
VIM HA Writ, for Book. PniLOSOPHV.f > ,
• I 11 MtnniACK, MAILED FREE. (AT
X ( I valuable book for men) \
¥ 08. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. . S. • V
SDR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established ISBI. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND ¦WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
¦* modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. I European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates in
. every room; elevator runs all night.
....' RAILWAY THAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
- . Local I Ltrn'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8: 00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:ls p
' " Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
Fresno.... 2:CS p 2:35 9 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:06 a ........
• " Visalla.... 3:39 p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:43 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
. $:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton . Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. • I
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— 64l Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. -'->.- - .? •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausaltto Fan*
Commencing September 2», 1301.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. •. AND SAN RAFAEL. *"**^x
WEEK ©AYS— 6:SS. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a, m
•1:45 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. '6:15. 6:45 p. m. - : . *
. EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, . Wednesdays and • Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. . ™
SUNDAYS— *B:OO. 'lO^. «ll:30 a. m.. n v
3:15, »4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m. " *"•
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-» 5:25, 6:27. 7:45,' 8^35 Iq-TJ
a. m. '12:25. 2:15, «3:W. 4:40, 5:30 p. m lOa>
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 9:55 p. m. =**•.»¦•
SUNDAYS— 6:IS,I *8:00, »10:00, «11:« a m
•1:40, *3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. •«• m., -
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
, WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45. 7:55, 8:55. 10:30 afm."
12:35, 2:45.. 5:50. 5:10 p. m. » «•«« a. m..
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. CBUa " aa d
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m., 12:05 2 15 120
5:00, 6:45 p. m. - * "• ••*•
. > THROUGH TRAINS.,
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and wav
stations. • <; ; >. H*^ *'
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
JisS" '"SSSr"--.H/,?^ tratn3 ¦ www"w w " :
Legal Holidays boats and trains wIU rua on
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trnlai l«?i»*«- »••<! nrv tin* In »rrl*s> •%»
KAN riCAX<:iH<:«».
' (Main Line, Foot of .Market Street.) V
LKavs — From November 1 1901. — iuin
~:O(>k Bt-uicia, Stiiauu, Elmir* and Sacra.
meuto % <t:3--t»
7:00.v Vacaville, Wicters, Rumsey 7:35?
?:3Oa Majrtiuex.SauUaiuou.Valleio.Karl>.
CaliatogaauUSanta ltoaa O:2Sr
8:00 » Daris, Woodland. Kuigaw LaodiDg,
ilsxrsTille, «>r<>7illo 7:S-1»
SiOOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ucden au.l Kask ft:23*
g:*H»A Xiles, L»throp, Stockton ¦; :*.->r
»:<)Oa Miles, Mendou. Haut'urd. Visalla,
Forterville 4:53 1
9:30 A Shwt.i Express— D»t!b. Williams (tat •
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Red
Bluff. Portland.... 7:35?
• i3l»a Saa Jose. Lif eriuorn, Stockton.
- lone, Haerameuto. Flaeerrille,
HiwysTllle, Chic;, U«.l Bluff 4:2.1»
»:3O* Oakdale, Chlneae,Bonor», Carters... 4:3.1*
»:«()* Hay ward, NiKt »ud Way Stations. . » 1 :.15^
»:••*. Vallejo MM
«:«ti Lm Angela* Express — Martinez.
Tracy. L»tliroi>. Stockton. Merced
Frenna and Los Angeles 7:23>
»-.:tn Vnllf Jn, Martinez ami Way .Station* 7:.1»p
' lU:VUa The OTerlai:d Limited— Ogden, V oa-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago *.»**
fl:»*p Sacramento Kifer.Stemners fH:W*»
*:3«»p }la;\T«rd, Nilrs an.l Way Stations. . 7:4»»
4i«ttr lt-niriii. Winter*, Baoramsnto.
Woodland. Kiiitfbts landing.
. M»rjs?ilie. Ototlllo 10:53*
4:UOr Martiu<>x. Man lUuiou. Vallejo,
Niii>;i t.Vlistoisa. .Santa Itoita •»¦*!*
•€:••* Nilei, Livennore. Stockton. L0.1i... 13;it5?
4::t«»j- HaywircJ, Mies, Han .lone, Livermore t '•:•"»¦'»*
4«»»p Port Cos*. Tracy. Lathrop. Stnclcton H»t3»A
. 3:0OpTIio Owl limited— B*re*u<>. Tulan,
BakersC«!i!, Sangns (or Santa Bar-
bara. I.os Anxelesi 8:33 a
Martinez. Antiocb, Stockton. Met-
ced, Fresno Mi 23»
3:30p New Orleans — Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersfleld, Los Angeles.
Doming, El Paso. New Orleans
and East ; 7:S3*
StOOp Bay ward, Niles and Saa Jose 7:33*
f«:0«pVaI!«]o 11:23*
OiOOe Oriental Mail— Oguen, Cheyenne,
Omaha, <;blc»g< 9:23*
0:OOp Orieutal Hail— Ogdeo, Dearer.
8t Louis. Chicago 4:S»P
7:OOp Oregon auil California Kipresa,
ntuientn. Marysville. Iti-l.llng.
I'm tlßii.l. TugHt Hound ami Ktt»k 8:33*
St«3p San Pablo. Pork Costa, Marticez
anil Way btatious 11:23*
_ tH:Oap Vallfji 7:».^p
COAST LINE (.tarrorr «a«ge).
:;.. : -jr.j r. - (Foot of Market Street.)
»sl»ANevTark,Ceiit.cr»ilie.,Saii.li.ne, H'clton,
¦ Creek, San taOruziwul Way
.SUUnim ; 8j3«»»
tail 3r Newark, CentetTille, San .lose, N>'W
Abnailen, Felton. I'oitlder Creek. <
Santa Cruz ami l'riaeipal Way
Stations ••:!»•*
4tl3pN«wark, Man Jose. Los Gatos f9:3U*
a9.30p Hunters' Train— Jose and Way
Buttons....- t7-«0>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Prom SAS msCISCO— FooV of Markat Street (Slip i)—
1 i.15 9:00 11:004. M. 1:23 3:J3 3:13r
r?»«04lU»0_ Ttti »fßro»d»«y.— f6:00 J3:00 t3:03
10:00 a.m. 13:03 2.03 t:C3r.il. ___^
COAST LINE (Broail l.*iiir<o.
(i'hirJ ami To«n»oiiil Sta.) , j~ V '
«(:I«>a San Jose and Way .Stations... «:3u>
7:OO* Han Job* »»<t Way Stations l:«4»r
- /7:«»»» New i tup * / 4:10? .
»ttOA Han Jose. Trei fi^ioa. Manta Cruz,
Pacilic Uro*e, Salinas, dan LuU
Obispo. Santa Barbara ami Prin-
cipal intennedi»te stations 7:4.1 p
1 0::io.v San Jose and Way stations...". 4:1 up
I l::t»A Han .lohh ami Way SUUohs 3iU»p
tX-.lAp San Macro, lUdwuo>l, Meiilo Par!:,
Palo Alto. Han ta Clara, Han Jose,
Tre» PiBOS, Santa i 'r*. Satiuas.
Monterey a»<) Pacific lirnTe fl«-.-»3*
X:»Or San .Jose aird Way rir.Mi.ioim 6::tt>\
islSp San J.^e and Principal Way stations 1»:-13.\
' t-"»:OOP Stin Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations f9:00%
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:36*
••Op Redwood, San Joan. Gilroy. Salinaa.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03*
«:SOp San Jose and Way Stations t":«">A
qll;45!» San .?pgf Way Stations B::t»p
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
¦ t Sunday exca^ted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. 1-W / Tuesdays and Friday. |
CALIFORNIA NOBTfiWESTEfiI It Ct
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIH&
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TSburon Farry. Foot •* Uni^q A
San Francisco to San l.'a:ac.'.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, X 1:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. J' :^V»s
SUNDAYS— B:OO. S:3O, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30;
S:CO, 6:20 p. m. •
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
340, 5:15 s. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at I:6*
and 6:25 p. m.
6UNDAYS-S:10, 9:40. US* a. m.: 1:« L 1:« L
6:05. 8:25 p. m. ¦ - - • '
-Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 23, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. ' I Destination. { days. [ .Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am - Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pml *:30 am ' Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:35 am
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
Fulton. "*
7:30 am Windsor. 10 25 am
5:00 pm Healdsbur?. 10:40 am
Lytton,
G*yservUle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8-20 Dm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami ~ ~" 10:40 amIW:2S am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm _ | $;20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma 1 3:15 ami 8:40 ara
I and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen, f 8:05 pmf «:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am; 10:25 am i
8:30 pmf 5:00 pml Sebaatopcl. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytt..n Springs: a™
Geyserville for Sltagga Springs; at Cloverdald
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls- ¦
bad Springs Soda Bay, Lamport and Bartlett
Springs; at Lklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day s. Riverside. Lier ley's, Bucknell'a.
Sanhednn Heights. Hullville, Orr^ Hoe
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
£*£: ¥ sa !* WiUits. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell s Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 860 Market street. CHronlcls.
Duildlnc.
¦ H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTA.V.
¦ '¦¦¦¦: Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
WOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry 1 Arrive
_ San Fran. Foot of Market St. | San Fran.
Week Sun- Sun-
Days. days.
3l(ht at UM •¦T»tfm of luii'i
liii 1: 1?;£ A : «««.-»«•• i: g; -
| l:\or. *•*• *«*»*W>- 5.55 i.\
'. fu*. Su FraaciM* w Sunk and Imn. SI M.
Boirt OOom, sal MARKET SKKUCI m.i SAU SAUTO FXKKT.
y^^|k Dr, Gibbon's Dispensary,
, J-H-J 629 KEiSXT ST. Established
53^>^LS»M" 153 "* for the ti-atmcnt of I'rivata
Ka I Jfan SB Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debilitr or
BySSSI rt!? "' :s9< * wearlnsron body and mind ami
«StA&*i£r ' I sp sliln Diseiiscs. The Doctor cures when
fc^JsJJJSiSjKritht'rs fail. Try aim. Charges low.
•M^H Bl******'" guarantfnl- Csillcr write.
Mr. J. J. «IBSO>'. Sou Franciacc. CnL
THE: WEEKLY CALL
/ per Year.VAINLY PURSUE
PHANTOM RICHES
James Diamond's Heirs
Find Disappointment
, in Shasta,
Man They Seek Dies Penni
less at the County Poor
Farm.
Special Dispatch to Che Call*
REDDING. Nov. 15.— 1n the Bast the
name of Shasta has a glamor about it,
end many are the Eastern, people, who,
upon finding that a > relative who had
cme to this county to mine has died, im
mediately begin a quest for the fortune
cr gold mines which they presume . he
most have left. An instance of these
jyttfl for mythical fortunes has just
-it : ded hero in the marchers finding them
selves badly mistaken.
James Yearsley, an attorney of Phila
delphia, was recently retained to make
investigations in this vicinity on. behalf
of Harry W. Henderson of Norwood, Pa,,
who was appointed by numerous sup
posed heirs to inquire after the fortune
left by Thomas Glasgow Grider of Back
<-ye, Shasta County, who died several
months ago. The people represented by
Henderson are relatives of James Dia
mond, who met a tragical death in his
cabin in Uuckeye in 18S2. He was a part
ner of Grider and was believed by the
relatives to have been mulcted of his for
tur.e by Orider. Letters from Diamond.
v.rittcn in US, stating that he had
enough to last him until death, are held
«is evidence that the miner had ample
means. The heirs obtained their sup
posed information regarding the big for
tune left by Thomas Grider from an
liastern newspaper.
The attorney completed his Investiga
tions here yesterday. It develops that
Diamond and Grider were partners, but
that their claims at Buckeye amounted
to little. Instead cf bein? murdered. Dia
mond got out of bed in his cabin while ill
i:i ISS2, rolled into the fireplace and was
burned to death. The- climax is reached
in the discovery that Grider had dropped
his surname and that he was the Thomas
Glasgow who, instead of leaving a for
tune, died penniless three months afro at
the county pocr farm.
BAKERJSPTELD ARCHITECT
i GOES ON THE WARPATH
Tears Down Portion of Building Net
Constructed According to
His Plans.
BAKERSFI-BLD, Nov. IS.— J. W. For
"fct, well known through
¦ of California.
I the appearance of two closets
. had been built in a new three
hotel building under course of
m at the corner of Twentieth
acd Chester avenue, late, yester
¦ moon visited the building with
the closets battered
• prevent interruption
which he exhibited.
he architect of the build
>d that the contractor had
recording to his
As bj::t, the closets obstructed
g-h a six-foot light well be
•> ::;d Bcrflmer sections
- The affair created con
"nent in the neighborhood
- were finally
down in a dramatic, vet thor
manner.
Claimed He Was Robbed.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 15.— Thomas Xihill, a
rancher from Gllroy, reported to the po
lice to-day that he had been robbed of
-.T75 last night. The rancher, in company
4 Trith T. J. Duke and a couple of women.
" look in the town. Wine flowed freely,
. and finally Xihill found he had been re
lieved of the balance of his money. Ni
hl!l then accused Duke of taking- the
money, and the two women backed him
up in the assertion. Duke was arrested
and given a two-day sentence for being
drunk. N"Ihill premised to return to-day
and charge him with robbery, but he
failed to keep his word. The police be
lieve mat Kih'll spent his moaev.
Wanted for Shoplifting.
Nov. IF..— A well dressed.
4 here by Constable
on a charge of
enee. He gave as
- a. Some of the
¦ 'ore the name of
j f.rm and communication
Bed the fact that
wanted there for shoplift
:sed of having taken a large
Juble goods. He is be
rn woman confederate in
:sca
Emall Steamer Is Sunk.
ND. Nov. 15.— The river Bteam
ot The Dalles. Portland
'ia Navigation Company's line
a, tender of the Port of
3 I yesterday morn
nmedlately after
¦•\ enty-five feet of wa
ve-recked steamer is a small
er. and it is not believed
t win be experienced in rais
-son waa injured In the ac
POSTTJM CEREAL,
FIRST SIXTEEN YEARS
Determine Structure and Physical
Health.
If parents could realize what a. crime
they commit in permitting children to
hare heavy drugs during their early life,
nich drugs, for instance, as coffee, which
Btnata their growth, prepares them for
dyspepsia and nervous wrecks, they
would do anything, go to any amount of
trouble and care, to change the methods
asd give their children the advantages
that nattrre demands to produce perfect
"Dens.
A -year-old woman writes: "My
cverindulg^nt papa used to say at the
table, 'Why not let the child have what
she likes? It won't hurt her any.' Ha
referred particularly to my drinking cof-
fee, which I was very fond of as a child.
He honestly thought it didn't hurt me,
for .th his strong body, apparently
without nerves, he was not consciously
x-Sected by coffee, but the effect on me —
Pi bundle of nerves — was to develop rest-
iessness and stunt my growth.
"The first effect after drinking coffee
was that of delightful exhilaration and I
felt courage and strength to attack al-
most any amount of active work, but in
a few hours the reaction came, with mis-
ery in my chest, palpitation of the heart,
and mast unbearable pains in my stom-
ach.
"Finally my attention was called to
Poetum Cereal Food Coffee and we se-
cured some of It. It was prepared accord
ing to directions, but breakfast being de-
layed, the Postum, got an extra boiling,
which developed all its virtues, and we
all fell In love with It from the first mo-
ment. The change in our physical health
after drinking Postum was something re-
markable. We have as delicious coftee
as any one could ask, but It is a perfect-
ly healthy coffee, and the more we drink
of It, In reason, the better we are. I am
eatisfled that the increasing' amount of
heart difficulty of late years among young
people Is directly attributable to the use
cf cofTee, and it Is a great blessing to
have co safe and delicious a food coffee
es Postum. Please omit my name from.
iybllcation." East Brookfleld, Mass.
>!^uno given upon application to Postum
Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mien.
SUMNER BELLE
WEDS A NEGRO
Becomes the Bride of
Colored Waiter in
Tacoma.
Q-irl Is of Respectable Fam
ily and Her Parents Are
Heartbroken.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
TACOMA, Now 15.— Pretty Jennie.Ba
con, a belle of Sumner and daughter of a
highly respected couple of that city, was
to-day married to Eugene G. Washington,
a colored waiter, of this city. Miss Ba
con came to Tacoma four months ago for
treatment for epileptic trouble. She
boarded near the Mount Olivet Baptist
Church and frequently attended services
held by the colored people. At one of
the»« she met Washington and a court
ship followed, later developing In pro
posal and acceptance.
After obtaining a license Washington
was unable»to engage c minister to per
form' the ceremony, Rev. J. O. McPher
son, pastor of the chuich, declaring that
the marriage was improper. Finally a
colored minister of Seattle was induced
to officiate. The parents of Miss Bacon,
who is but 19 years of age, tried to pre
vent the marriage, but were too late,- and
are almost heartbroken over the sad af
fair. The better class of colored people
condemn the marriage as prejudicial to
the interests of both races.
A brother and a sister, of Miss Bacon
are teaching in the County schools.
WORK CEASES ON TRAIL
FROM VALDEB TO YUKON
Available Funds Are Exhausted and
Its Construction May Be
Abandoned.
SEATTLE. Nov. 15 —The Times prints
the following from Valdes, Alaska: The
¦work on the all-American trail from this
place to the Yukon has ceased for the
winter, and there is some fear here that
it is likely to be suspended or abandoned
If Congress does not make an appropria
tion to complete it.
A roadway Is absolutely necessary' for
the opening up of the great interior of
Alaska. Through Port V aides is the only
known gateway or entrance to the inte
rior of the country that is open the en
lire year. Under ordinary circumstances
the building of roadways would be left to
private enterprise, but this is essentially
a public work, and there is no means of
deriving any revenue therefrom except
through the work.
In the work already projected and part
ly completed under the supervision of
Major W. R, Abercroinble about $193,000
has been expended— sso,ooo in exploration
work and the remainder on the trail.
The citi2ens have beld a meeting and
probably will send a committee to Wash
ington in the interest of the work.
TVTANY PEOPLE IN TEXAS
SUFFERING FROM HUNGER
Governor Sayers Receives Informa
tion of Terrible Condition of Af
fairs in Zapate County.
DAI.L.AS. Tex.. Nov. 15.— Governor
Ravers to-day received a letter from F.
\V. Seabury. member of the Legislature,
in who«e district Zapate County is situ
ated. The letter details a most deplorable
condition of suffpring in Zapute County,
cauFeri by the drought. Beabury dc?clares
that the condition is worse than hereto
fore reported, and says the people are
starving- and that unless immediate relief
reaches them nearly the entire popula
tion of the county will dio cf starvation.
There te no chance to raise any kind of :
food, there are no Fupplics on hand, nno
he appeal* for outside aid. Governor ,
Sayers immediately on receipt of the let- j
ter sent $r*W to Seabury. Relief supplies
will h^ sent into the county at the earliest
moment.
PARLIAMENTARY CONTEST
IN GALWAY GROWS BITTER
rclice Charge Disorderly Mobs With
Their Batons and Many People
Are Injured.
DUBLIN, Nov. 15.— The Parliamentary
contest in Galway is, beir.g marked by a
succession of fights, and it takes the con
stabulary of the neighborhood to keep the
contestants within bounds. Horace
Plunkett. Unionist, a former member of
Parliament for the South Division of Dub
lin County, is opposing Colonel Arthur
Lynch., who served with the Second Irish
Brigade on the Boer side, operating in
Natal under General Botha and afterward
in the Orange Free State. Sticks, stones,
bricks and bottles figure in the daily en
counters. The windows and doors of
Plunkett's rooms were smashed in during
the night. The police have been obliged
on several occasions to charge with their
batons and disperse the mobs. There Is a
'ong list of Injured persons.
Will Dredge Bottom Lands.
MILTON, Nov. 15.— Colonel J. E. Doo
little of San Francisco completed nego
tiations this week resulting in the bond-
Ing of the Cutten ranch on the Calaveras
River for dredging purposes. This is the
finest bottom ranch en the river, and a
portion of it was formerly the bed of the
river. The banks of the river for some
distance furnished rich placer diggings in
early days, and experts think that the
prospects are good for excellent returns.
Monkeys in Quarantine.
PORT TOWNSEXD, Wash., Nov. 15.—
As a protection against the introduction
of bubonic plague into this country. Dr. H.
M. Foster, United States quarantine offi
cer here, has placed two monkeys in
quarantine and they will be held for fif
teen days. The animals v.-ere brought
from Hongkong as pets. The plague ex
ists at that port and monkeys carry the
germs of the plague the same as rats,
hence their detention.
Advocate a Pacific Cable.
MANILA. Nov. 15.— The Chamber of
Commerce has cabled to President Roose
velt urging that the Pacific cable be laid
and saying that the main object would
'non.se increase of the rubber indus
try of the Philippines, estimated at $15.
00.000, and also economy and the facilita
tion of business.
First Principle Wins Derby Cup.
LONDON, Nov. 15— A. Stedall's First
Principle won the Derby cup of 2000 sov
ereigns for three-year-olds and upward at
the Derby November meeting to-day.
Leopold de Rothschild's Hulcol was sec
ond and Mr. Binding's Over Norton, rid
den by J. Refflf, came in third. Twenty
five horses ran.
Bond Election in Rio Vista.
SUIBUN, Nov. 15.— The town of Rio
Vista hes callei an election for the pur
pose of voting upon the proposition of
Issuing bonds to the amount of $20,000 for
th^ establishment of a water system. The
election will be h< !d on December 7 and
no opposition is expected.
Low Visits Roosevelt.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— Mayor-elect
Beth Low went to Washington to-day at
th" invitation of President Roosevelt and
will be a guest at the White House dur
ing his stay there.
Will Beconsider Duties.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— The Australian Fed
eral Government, jiccoTdlng- to the dis
patch to the Dally Mail from Sydney,
promises to reconsider the duties on kero
sene, cottons and linens.
Gets Big Sewer Contract.
HAVANA, Nov. 15.— The Municipal
Council voted to-night to award Michael
J. Dady the contract to pave and sewer
Havana at his Teduced bid of $10,890,898.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
PRESIDENT OF W. C. T. U. DENOUNCES
SALOONS AS SCHOOLS OF LAWLESSNESS
At the Twenty-Eighth Annual Convention of Christian Women at
Fort Worth Lillian M. N. Stevens Makes an Earnest Address
Pleading for the Extermination of the Liquor Traffic in America
FORT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 15.— The
twenty-eighth annual convention
of the W. C. T. U. began its ses
sions In the First Baptist Church
to-day. The roll call disclosed the
presence of delegates from all States and
Territories and from Cuba. Great Britain,
Switzerland, Mexico and Hawaii.
President Lilian M. N. Stevens of Maine,
in her annual address, said:
One of the chief sources of anarchy In our
r-.antry Is without doubt the un-American
ltquor business, fr.r the saloons are the school*
of lawlessness. Because we are patriots, if
fir no other reason, we should work for the
overthrow of the saloon and the saloon power
and for the extermination of the liquor traffic
OIL IS STRUCK
NEAR SAN JOSE
Found at a Depth of
Less Than One Hun
dred Feet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 15.— Prom indications
and developments made in boring for oil
San Jose is destined to be in the center
of an oil district. The Orchard Crude Oil
Company, which is sinking a well on the
Main ranch, six miles west of this city,
has struck a small quantity of oil at less
than 100 feet from the surface. In going
down but 115 feet two strata of oil were
struck— one at 60 and the other at 80 feet.
This is so encouraging that the promoters
hope to strike a gusher. Experts declare
that a good stratum of oil exists in that
locality.
Near the well now being bored oil was
found at a depth of 600 feet a few years
ago, but because of the breaking of drills
the well" had to be abandoned. That well
has now filled with oil, and the company
is pumping it out and using it for fuel
in boring the second well.
Two more wells are being sunk within
a few miles of the Main ranch.
ACCUSED OF ABDUCTING
A ST. HELENA WOMAN
Three San Franciscans Are Taken
Into Custody by Officers in
Vallejo.
VAL/LEJO, Nov. 15.— Joseph Bash, Jo
seph Campbell and William Cummings,
San Franciscans, were arrested tbia
morning by Vallejo officers on a charge
of abducting a young woman from St.
Helena. Their arrest was made at the
request of the Marshal of St. Helena.
The men were locked up in the City
Prison and the woman returned to St.
Helena.
It 13 charged that the men drove up to
a St. Helena roadhouse and forcibly
threw the woman into their vehicle, try
ing to silence her screams by wrapping
buggy robes around her head. .The
woman's name is Lillian Davis.
Stone for Sloat Monument.
MONTEREY, Nov. 15.— Captain Thomas
B. Lambert of this city, receiver and cus
todian for the Sloat Monument Associa
tion of California, has* just received offi
cial notification from the Board of Super
visors of San L«uis Obispo County 'th;it
$100 has been appropriated to defray the
expenses of landing that county's stone
In the base of the Sloat monument at this
place. The stone is already in Custodian
Lambert's hands and arrangements will
be made to put It in place at an early
day. '
To-D>ay's News Letter.
"To Make Grau Popular" is full of hu
morous suggestion — one of the best things
that has been In the News Letter for a
long time. "In the Greenish Glare of Hal
loween" is a fine description of a novel
Halloween entertainment. The Looker
On tells some rich and spicy stories about
club and society people, one in particu
lar about an English baronet, and the
Town Crier has sharpened his quill until
there is a stab in every line. Lady Algy
tells a lot of Interesting- things about so
ciety people, and a detailed description
is given of what some of the most prom
inent of the smart set wore at the opera
The editorials and comments are, as
usual, u£> to the time* •
Among the temperance victories of the past
year we gratefully record the action of the
Senate in ratifying the treaty for the protec
tion of the African races and we are reliably
told that for twenty months neither Boers nor
English in South Africa have allowed liquors
to officers or men. The good effect of Eng
land's policy in discouraging the use of liquor
In the army le being felt, and we have reason
to believe that the soldier boys .do not feel
defrauded.
The French Minister of War has sent a
message to every commandant of an army
PRESIDENT OF THE WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE UNION, WHO
DELIVERED AN ADDRESS WAGING WAR ON SALOONS AT THE
TWENTY-EIGHTH ANNUAL. CONVENTION OF THE ORGANIZATION.
corps prohibiting the sale of liquor with any
alcoholic basis In barrack canteen. In camp
or field, and moreover, provision Is made for
lectures before tlie troops on the effects and
dangrers of alcoholism. Russia has a govern
mental commission which recommends the pro
hibition of liquor selling In army canteens.
Austria and Germany are endeavoring to
strenpthen the efficiency of their armies by
discouraging the use of alcoholics. In view
of all this and much more, It Is not at all
strange that the Congress of the United States
decided that the army saloon In this country
must be abolished. But evidently there is a
concerted plan on the part of the anti-tem
perance forces to try to prove that the law
is productive of evil results, an Increase ol
drunkenness, desertions, riots, etc., and testi
mony galore to this end is being gathered and
given to the public. Meanwhile, the temper
ance societies, ministers' associations and oth
ers are likewise securing testimony of an en
VAST COAL BED
IN THE ARCTIC
Enough in Sight to Sup
ply the Entire
. World.
PORT TOWNSBND, Wash., Nov. 15.—
The schooner Anaconda arrived to-day,
thirty-three days from Cape Nome, bring
ing as passenger Captain Charles A. F.
Brouard from Point Hope. Captain Brou
ard has spent the past five years In the
Arctic region on a prospecting and explor
ing expedition, having sailed from San
Francisco five years ago on the whaler
Beanga, Since that time he hfiiVtsltetl
all sections from Kotzebue Sounu to the
shores of the Arctic Ocean and has com
piled a chart of the coast from Kotzebue
Sound to Point Hope.
According to Captain Brouard, from the
northern shores of Kotzebue Sound to the
Arctic Ocean, a distance of 300 miles, 1b
one Immense bed of bituminous coal and
he says there is enough coal In sight to
supply the world fcr many years. It is
of but little value for steaming purposes,
but for household use it is all right. It
can be mined at little expense.
He also brings a report of a rich quartz
find at Petmageya, 160 miles northeast of
Point Hope. The quartz is reported to as
say $80 to the ton and Captain Brouard
says that next year's stampede will be
for that place.
BAGGAGEMAN FALLS
UNDER TRAIN WHEELS
J. W. Wells of San Francisco Re
ceives Injuries That May End
His Life.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 15.—Baggage
man J. W. Wells of train 22, going south,
met an accident to-night in Menlo Park
which may prove fata!. While getting in
his car he slipped and fell beneath the
wheelsT" One leg and an arm were cut off.
He was taken to the city In charge of
two doctors.
J. W. Wells resides at 939 Harrison
street, in this city. He was brought back
from Menlo Park and taken to the South
ern Pacific Hospital. Dr. P. K. Waters
of Watsonville, who was on the north
bound train, attended the injured man,
QUARREL OVER FENCE
COSTLY TO MILLIONAIRES
J. B. Tate Is Awarded One Thousand
Dollars Damages Against
F. W. Fratt.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 15".— 1n the case of
J. D. Tate against F. W. Fratt, In which
the plaintiff asked $20,000 damages for al
leged malicious prosecution, the jury in
the Superior Court to-day gave a verdict
for $1000 damages. Both men are million
aire land owners. They quarreled about
an old partition fence worth $5. Tate tore
it down and Fratt h»d him arrested for
malicious mischief. Their expenses al
ready amount to several hundred dollars
Notice of appeal to the Supreme Court
has been given.
Judgment on Coyote Claims.
HOLLISTER, Nov. 15.— 1n the Superior
Court to-dny judgment for $3700 was ren
dered against the State for coyote scalps
under the recently enacted law. The At
torney General confessed judgment under
the pleadings.
Examplea of recent art. Pictures of water
color exhibition. See to-day's Weep. •
tirely opposite character.
We must make our strongest protest In
strongest form against State regulated vice
in the possessions of the United States.
There is a rapidly increasing sentiment
against the use of the cigarette. Forty-two
States and the District of Columbia now have
laws forbtding the sale of cigarettes or to
bncco to minors.
The corresponding secretary's report
showed that literature to the amount of
5,000,000 pages had been distributed this
year and that the correspondence includ
ed Cuba, Porto Rico, Mexico and Hawaii.
Nineteen States have received assistance
from the Francis Willard fund. The treas
urer's report shows expenses to be $3000
less than ten years ago, while the results
obtained are incomparably greater. Re
ceipts for the year 1900 were $24,452, with
expenses of ?23,916.
MANY SETTLERS
FILE ON CLAIMS
Locate on Land in the
Olympic Forestry
Reserve.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Nov. 15.— Three hundred men
to-day obtained farms in the Olympic for
estry reserve, following the proclamation
of the President throwing the lands open
to settlement on November 1». The United
States land office at Olympia was crowd
ed this morning by men eager to obtain
suitable claims. The tract, which consists
of about 50,000 acres, is in the northern
part of Chehalis and the western part of
Jefferson counties, and contains fine tim
ber and farm lands.
No trouble ensued, as the settlers had
arranged most of their differences before
hand. It is said squatters will be hanged.
The lands were subject to any kind of
entry under existing laws, but actual set
tlers were given first preference. While
these lands might have been taken under
grants by Congrss, the State land com
missioners determined not to put in an
replication, owing to the fact that the
State's cruisers reported that all valuable
tracts had been settled upon.
WANT ROOSEVELT TO
VISIT NEVADA COUNTY
Citizen's Begin Movement to Induce
the President to Become Their
Guest.
GRASS VALLEY, Nov. 15.— Since Pres
ident Roosevelt's announcement that be
will v'sit the coast early next year citi
zens of this city have taken up the pro
ject of inducing him to visit this county
if possible. A start was made in Nevada
City a few days ago, and last night the
City Trustees took action. They appoint
ed a committee to extend invitations.
Pressure will bo brought to bear on the
United States Senators and Congressmen
from California, through whom the Pres
ident will be officially invited. The Invi
tation probably will be inscribed on a
plate of gold, emblematic of this county. '
One gentleman gays that his company
will donate $500 to a fund to defray the
expenses' of the Presidential visit.
' Big Bounty for Coyotes.
SUISUN, Nov. 15.— Trie sheep raisers of
the Montezuma Hills, l.i this county, have
organized to exterminate the numerous
coyotes that have bpon committing dep
redations among the Hocks. A bounty of
$45 is offered Iry them for each coyote
killed within specified limits. The ani
mals have killed many sheep lately, and
the stock raisers believe this to be the
most economical method of disposing of
them. Coyotes will probably become more
popular game than ducks in this vicinity.
The bounty offered is about the largest
ever given for coyotes on this coast.
Bids for Carnegie Library.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 15.— The City Council
to-night Instructed the Clerk to advertise
for bids for the construction and furnish
ing of the Carnegie library building, to be
opened on December 2. The estimated cost
of $30,000 will not be exceeded.
Sheridan to Bring Passengers.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— Orders were
cabled from the War Department to-day,
directing the quartermaster at Nagasaki
to utilize the Sheriflan to bring the pas
sengers of the Hancock to the United
States.
LOSES HIS LIFE
ON THE TRAIL
Clark Moore of Visalia
Disappears Near
Valdes.
Known to Californians in
Connection With Pursuit
of Ohris Evans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Nov. 15.— A letter fro.m Val
des, dated November 5, says: Clark
Moore, the 'silent prospector," as he was
known among his many friends in this
place, has been missing for three months
and it is generally believed that he has
met with some fatal accident or likely
succumbed to starvation. It is known
that he had no horse and when last seen
in July had only what supplies he carried
on his back.
Moore left State Creek in July for the
head waters of the Shushetna River and
no one has seen him since. His sleeping
bag, with his name written on it, was
found hanging in. a tree by some pros
pectors, who were on their way to Val
des. This was 200 miles from this place,
In a rough, wild country.
Clark Moore came here in 1898 with the
Copper River rush and has been prospect
ing along that river and Its tributaries
ever since. He seldom had a partner and
was of a quiet disposition, not given to
talking and afraid of nothing. He trav
eled alone. Moore was from Visalia, Cal.,
where he was well known. He will be
remembered in that State as the man who
visited Evans and Sontag's hiding place
in the Sierra Nevada Mountains, when
the detectives of California were looking
in vain for these train robbers. Moore
was arrested for complicity in the rob
bery, but a jury in Fresno acquitted him.
Every prospector in this locality was a
friend of Moore's and he had no enemies.
NEW MEMORIAL CHURCH
IS NEARING COMPLETION
Mrs. Stanford Hopes That It Will Be
Ready for Dedication Next
March.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 15.-
Two carloads of the beautiful stain ?d
glass windows which are to ornament the
new Memorial Church have arrived on
the campus and will be placed in the im
mense structure by the designers, Charles
and Frederick Lamb of New York, at an
early date.
Mrs. Stanford, when seen this after
noon, said that the windows were forty
seven in number, all being life-size por
trayals of Biblical characters. Twenty
seven of them, she said, would illustrate
the life of Chri«t from his birth until his
death, and the other twenty will repre
sent prominent characters in the Old Tes
tament. The color scheme in the win
dows has been so arranged as to produce
a most beautiful effect from the interior.
Mrs. Stanford is having the work on the
church hurried forward with all possible
speed in order that the edifice may be
complete and ready for dedication by
March 9. She said this afternoon that
the designers of the windows. Messrs.
Lamb, would arrive from New York next
week and would begin the work of put
ting them in their permanent locations
immediately. The windows were on ex
hibition at the Pan-American Exposition
and were the objects of great admiration
to the many visitor* there.
Stanford Lady Students Initiated.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 15.—
Twenty-two of the young lady students
at Stanford have been made members of
the local chajrters of the Greek letter
sororities. Alpha Phi initiated Bertha B
Bootes '04, Carissa Eby '05, and Ethel
Eckert '05. Those admitted to Kappa
Kappa Gamma were Carrie Sapplngtbn
'05. Hazel Hobson '05. Mercedes de Luni
'05, Zoe Larkin '03 and Sadie L. McLanth
ln. The initiates of Delta Gamma aro
Clarissa Ellerbeck '02, Margaret Smith '04,
Helen Lamson '05, Mary Sears '05, SaJie
Corbet '05, Hazel Edwards "05, Madeline
Edwards '05 and Anne Vickers '05. Kappa
Alpha Theta initiated Barbara Hitt 'o'>
May Morton '05, Susan Porter '05. Mabel
Ray '05, Cornelia Stevenson '05 and Hazel
Graphagen '05.
Bandit Not Yet Captured.
CHICO, Nov. 16.— Officers who were out
until noon to-day searching for the lone
highwayman who attempted to rob the
Chlco and "West Branch stage yesterday
afternoon returned to West Branch this
afternoon. Owing to tiie rough nature of
the country into whfth the robber fled
the officers were able to follow the trail
but a short distance. The ridge on either
side of the canyon into which the robber
retreated is closely guarded by deputies,
and if he emerges he is almost certain to
be captured.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 13.— The United
States Government yacht Kanawha, with Gov
ernor General Wood and his party on board,
arrived here from Santiago to-day. He was re
ceived by the general commanding the British
troops here.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Men and Women, i
S : ' "- For their, physical • needs, - h
3> ¦ men seek and will have the ;.. Sj
> w ", best stimulant, and' find •?&
IS perfection in *
I 10 Year Old I
\ 111
f Hunter }
Baltimore Rye
jjj For the physical needs of worn- S
ft en, when recommended, it is a sj
*"*|Ss pure and perfect tonic. ' i «jp.
X CHRIBTT & WISE COMMISSION CO., Inc., 5!
•v £23-335 Callfornt* St., Sun Francisco. Oil *v
•ft . - Telephone Main 873.
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
VICHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
S^O BROADWAY. N. T.
YAQUIS WAGING
GUERRILLA WAR
Indians Murder Sonora
Rancher and His
Foreman.
Their Campaign Is Directed
Against Ranchers Near
'^ m - Guaymas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUSCON, Ariz.. Nov. 15.— A special from
Batomatal to El Correo de Sonora, pub
lished in Guaymas, says that Yaqul In
dians have killed Don Pedro Moreno, a
prominent rancher near Santa Maria, and
his foreman. The two men were riding
together when a shot was fired from am
bush and the foreman, fell dead from his
horse. Senor Moreno jumped from hia
horse and had no sooner touched the
ground than he, too, was shot, two
wounds belngrinflicted which, caused hi.s
death later. Th© shoothig could be heard
at Santa Maria and a posse of troopers
left at once in its direction, only to find
the foreman and Senor Moreno lying mor
tally wounded. Santa Maria has a troop
of soldiers and the entire force was sent
into, the field to hunt the Indians, who
could not be found.
The Yaquis seem determined to kill the
most prominent ranchers in the valley and
their guerrilla warfare makes travel
risky.
The widow of Don Jesus Palmas has is
sued an open letter to the Government
calling for aid in suppressing the Yaquis.
Don Palmas was killed by Yaquis a few
days ago, having been shot from ambush.
General Torres is now in the field with a
troop of, cavalry and was reported to
have surrounded a large band of the In
dians.
ADVEBTISSMENTS.
lifiSsiifjjsTiiicTior
Rich and Poop Alike Suffer From
Catarrh in This Climate.
All observant physicians have noticed the
enormous Increase in catarrhal diseases
in recent years, and the most liberal and
enlightened have cheerfully given their
approval to the new internal remely,
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, as the most
successful and by far the safest "remedy
for catarrh yet produced.
One well known catarrh specialist; as
soon as he had made a thorough test of
this preparation, discarded Inhalers,
washes and sprays and now depends en-
tirely upon Stuart's Catarrh Tablets in
treating catarrh, whether in the head,
throat or stomach.
Dr. Risdell says: "In patlent3 who had
lost the sense of smell entirely and even
where the hearing has begun to be affect-
ed from catarrh I have had fine results
ifter only a few weeks' use of Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets. I can only explain their
action on the theory that the cieansins
ai.d antiseptic properties of the tablets
destroy the catarrhal germs wherever
found, because I have found the tablets
equally valuable in catarrh of the throat
and stomach as in nasal catarrh."
Dr. Estabrook says Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets are especially useful in nasal ca-
tarrh and catarrh of the throat, clearing
the membranes of mucus and speedily
overcoming the hawking, coughing and
expectorating.
Any sufferer from catarrh will find
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets will g\v3 Imme-
diate relief, and being in tablet form, and
j>lea*ant to the taste, are convenient nml
til-ways ready for use, as they can be car-
ried in the pocket and used at any time,
as they contain no poisonous drugs, but
only the cleansing antiseptic properties
of Eucalyptus bark, Guaiacol, blood root
and Hydrastin.
All druggists sell the tablets at 50 cents
for complete treatment.
STATEMENT
— OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OF THE
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY y
OF >TEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
i 1900, and for the year ending on that day. as .
, made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
I State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $ 250.000 90
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 587.737 19
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2, $80,483 23 .
Cash in Company's Office 8.428 15
Cash In Banks 111,388 15
! Interest due and accrued on all
| Stocks and Loans 3,034 29
! Premiums In due Course of Collection 341,155 43
I Rents duo and accrued 705 43
I Reserve reinsurance deposit 23.734 62
Total Assets .$3,938,215 «0
LIABILITIES.
1 Losses In process of Adjustment win
Suspense ....$ 186.230 TS
Losses restated. Including expenses.. 554.549 33
I Gross Premiums on Risks running
I one year or Jess, $ ; reinsur-
: ance 59 per cent 1,831,379 43
| Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $— — ; rein-
surance pro rata 227 755 00
! Contingent Fund .A ..: .-. 150 000 00
| All other liabilities 43,004 33
Total Liabilities 12,793,219 47
INCOME.
I Net cash actually received for pre-
, miums :; |3, 572. 502 28
I Received for ' interest and dividends
j on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
i all other sources ¦' 97.978 85
, Received for Rents .TT.. ......... 63.471 *8
, Received from all other sources 12.305 00
Total Income J3.74».257 89
EXPENDITURES.
. Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ , losses of previous year5).»,612.828 34.
; Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 00
! Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage : 937,77181
Paid ¦ for ¦ Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 243,724 M
, Paid for State, National and Local ->• -
taxes 318 03
: All other payments and expenditures. 434.631 18
I Total Expenditures $3,430,304 27
GEO. F. SEWARD. President.
ROBT. J. HILLAS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this, sth
; day of February. 1901
W. L. KERR, Notary Public.
CHARLES J. BOSWORTH,
General Agent,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
' SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. .
910
FOOTPAD LOSES
HIS OVERCOAT
Well-Dressed Men Try to
Rob Bettor of His
Winnings.
Countryman Claims to Be a
Victim of Knockout
Drops.
Theothile Lavori, a Frenchman, who re
sides in Petaluma, and who came to this
city yesterday to attend the Jeffrles-Ruh
lin contest, was held up last night at the
corner of Sansome and Halleck streets by
two men who, he believes, followed him
from the ringside. The timely arrival of
Officer Fred Green saved Lavori the loss
of a considerable sum of money, the
greater portion of which he had won on
the light. The men who attempted the
hold-up were evidently not common foot
pads, as in the struggle which one of
icem had with Lavori at<the approach of
Officer Green the footpa* lost his over
coat. The garment proved to be of the
very linost and most i-xpensive material,
resembling more that worn by a prosper
ous .•¦¦port than the poor apparel of an or
dinary knight of th- road.
At the ringside the Frenchman had been
a liberal supporter of Champion Jeffries,
and had backed him with JlOu at 5 to 1.
In his enthusiasm over the victory of his
favorite he foolishly flashed his winnings
before the crowd. When he left the ring
side to go to his home he was followed
by two welt-dressed men. At the corner
msome and Halleck streets one of the
men struck him on the head with a beer
bottle. »
P.clieeman Fred Green, who saw La
vorrs plight, ran immediately to his as
icc At his approach the would-be
footpads attempted to escape, but La
vori, although of small stature, seized
the overcoat of one of the men and held
to it so tenaciously that in the struggle
it was wrenched from the wearer's body.
The police are of the opinion that the
men were of the sports that had '•gone
broke ' by backing the Akron giant.
When Lavori flashed his gold in their
faces they were tempted to become foot
pads.
John Morgan, a Redding merchant, who
also came to the city to witness the
championship contest, claims to have
beer, given knockout drops and to have
been robbed of $125. He was found in
an unconscious condition on O'Farrell
street. On being searched a gold watch
and a ticket to the fight were found in
Ms pockets. When he was resuscitated
ne claimed that he had been around town
seeing things and that in the course of
events he had taken a few drinks. He
thinks that knockout drops were adminis
lruhea J° hinf in the drinks and that
while he was unconscious his money was
taken from him.
SUNDAY SCHOOL WORKERS
HOLD THEIR CONVENTION
Irteresting Papers Are Read by
Those Interested on Presby
terian Lines.
The annual Sunday school convention
of the Prcsbyarian church of this city
waX held yesterday afternoon and even
ing at Lebanon Presbyterian Church, on
Sanchez street near Twenty-third. Quite
a number of workers from the different
churches wore present, among them being
the following named: Dr. John H. Kerr
and Superintendent H. E. Bostwick of
Trinity, Rev. i". A. Doane of Mizpah
Rev. H. N. Bevier of Memorial, Rev. E.
H. Avery and Superintendent J. C. Davics
of Westminster, Rev. Curtis E. Long of
Evangelical; Rev. R. Logan, J. T. Mcli
ness and William Barr of Lebanon, and
L. L. Findley of Olivet. There were :»
large number ot lady workers present.
Rev. J. S. Thomas of Howard Church
presided, and Ktv. Charles U. Patterson
of Holly Park actra ;is secretary. The
exercises consisted of the reading "of pa
pers assigned to the representatives of
the different schools. The principal ad
dress was delivered in the evening by
Earl Bingham. secretary of the State As
sociation. Th-f ladles of Lebanon Church
served a supp?r for the benefit of the
fund.
WILL TAKE CHARGE OF
UNCLAIMED CHILDREN
Two Charitable Org-anizations Decide
an Measures for Believing Con
g-estion of Hospital.
Mrs. TV. B. Harrington, president of the
California Children's Hospital, and
Charles BomtteC. president of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children,
have made arrangements for taking care
Ot the little ones who are not removed
from the institution after their parents
haye been notified that medical attention
Is no longer necessary.
People in straitened circumstances
often take children to the hospital and
refuse to reclaim them when they are
cured. Af the charity exists only for the
purpose of giving medical and* surgical
aid. a number of healthy children in the
institution impede its proper work.
It has been definitely -decided that par
ents shall be given due notice that their
little ones have recovered, and If no re
sponse is forthcoming within a reasonable
time. Secretary White of the Children's
Society will apply for letters of guard
ianship. In such cases, when it is found
that parents are at work and are able
to contribute toward the support of their
children, the law will be invoked to com
pel them to do
Loses His Jewelry.
police umctr Kralg last evening arrest
ed a young man named J. T. Broidell
and locked him up »n suspicion of hav
ing robbed A. S. Robinson, a motorman,
of a gold watch and a diamond pin.
Koblnson, who was under the Influence of
liquor, was scuffling with Broidell In a
saloon on O'Farrell rtreet, above Powell,
when he suddenly discovered that his
jewelry was gone. As Broidell was the
only person who was near him he wa«
arrested on suspicion of having taken the
watch and pin. Robinson was also arrest
ed and charged with drunkenness.
Lee Palmer Will Be Held.
The preliminary examination of Lee
Palmer of the Leepalmer House on the
charge of grand larceny was concluded
before Judge Fritz yesterday and the
Judge Intimated that he would hold him
to answer before the Superior Court to
ay in $1000 bonds, the Intimation being
•riven that he might have his bonds
tjady He If accused of stealing diamond
tlrgs from Mrs. Mabel Mills.
Tljr Illustrated
\righ\
>v \» f WAY
GILBERT^. if ft I
PARKER
Vivid and Real^^^ .
Cloth, $1.50. DeLwe,s7.so^^
By order only.
HARPER & BROTHERS
Franklin Square New York
SUPERB MUSIC OF "DIE WALKUERE"
HEARD BY FASHIONABLE AUDIENCE
Grau's Grand Opera Singers and Orchestra Interpret in Fine Man
ner the Wagner Story of Mortals and Immortals — Society
Will Listen This Evening to Sybil Sanderson in ?" Manon "
Blanche Partington
WHETHER it was the cast last
night, or whether "Die Walk
ure" is too essentially Wag
nerlan to suit any but the
deeply dyed-in-the-wool Wag
nerite, or whether—as was whispered—
the other* "ring" up at the Pavilion
proved the stronger attraction, last
night's house for "Die Walkure" was
noticeably smaller than that of "Tann
hauser" on Thursday evening. This, too,
in spite of "Die Walkure's" comparative
novelty, for it has only once been heard
here before, last year, with the rest of
the "Ring" cycle. But, be the reason
what it may, for this apotheosis of the
genius of the great master dramatist, the
house was not by any means what it
should have been. Perhaps the people
really are pining for "The Bohemian
Girl." One never knows.
If there had not been the superb mem
ory of last year's performance of "Die
Walkure" in the way, last night's render-
Ing might have pleased more than it did.
But there was the brilliant memory of
Nordica's Brunnhilde and Van Dyck's
Siegmund, as against the virgin warrior
maid of Louise Reuss-Belce, and the
Siegmund of Dippel, and neither are at all
comparable with the first conceptions of
the roles. The Brunhilde of Reuss-Belce
promised disaster from its melodramatic
beginning, and she was almost through
out vocally inadequate in the exacting
role. In spots she showed fitness for the
part, but as a whole her performance fell
much below the required standard. Dip
pel has broadened since last year, ma
tured in voice and gained in poise. His
voice sounds young and fresh and strong,
but he has not yet the vocal or dramatic
weight necessary for the fulfilling of the
Siegmund part. ,
Still, it is a pleasing conception, and Mr.
Dippel is more nearly Siegmund this year
than he would have been last year. He is
more capable of sustained effort, has
gained strength all around, and the fine
freshness of his voice falls gratefully
THREE FAMOUS ARTISTS OF THE MAURICE GRAU COMPANY OF MUSICAL CELEBRITIES WHO TOOK
LEADING ROLES IN THE NOTABLE PRODUCTION LAST NIGHT OF RICHARD WAGNER'S GREAT CREA
TION, "DIE WALKURE," AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
upon the ear. He acts with ample intelli
gence, though without much power, and
looks, acts and sings, in short, like a Van
Dyck In little.
Gadski, as last year, was the Sieglinde,
and though perhaps hardly roused to her
best was a tenderly beautiful figure. She
has some strong dramatic moments, as
well as an eminent gentleness, and her
voice serves her equally well in express
ing one thing or the other. Her scene wjth
Siogmund as they enter the valley where
Brunnhilde is hiding, was a gem in its
way.
Mr. Bispham's Wotan, though true to
pitch and consistent in conception, seems
to me to be of too small pattern. He
does not wholly satisfy one's notion of
the ruler of Walhalla. But it is only that
there is not enough, quite, of what Mr.
Bispham gives, not that what he gives is
not of the necessary quality. He was in
excellent form last night, and his valua
ble voice seems to find its best place )n
anything he attempts. Hunding was
splendidly sung by Mr. Blass, who invest
ed the part with a fine, somber feeling
that added much to the atmosphere.
Schumann-Heink's Fricka was just the
wonderful bit of artistry that one would
expect from the distinguished singer, and
as Waltraute she added her gorgeous note
to the chorus of the Walkure.
Wagner is at his most wonderful In the
Walkure chorus', and the nine prima
donne that it takes for Its interpretation
got all there was out of it but the last
brilliance of Brunnhilde's part as Nordica
alone can give it. But it was magnificent
even so, and the orchestra did itself
proud. Not all the conventions of ap
plause by the Wagner schedule could pre
vent a wild burst of applause after the
final triumphant shout of the warrior
maidens, both for their Berseker dithy
ramb and the tense dramatic tumult of
the orchestral accompaniment. Here the
untrammeled genius of Wagner has full
fling and with an effect unequaled In or
chestral annals. The opera was cut con
siderably, and in spite of this and Its
early beginning endod close on to mid
night. To-night Sibyl Sanderson will be
greeted by a- "sold-out" house, and the
same may be said for this afternoon's
performance of "Faust," with Sembrich
as Marguerite.
Says the Girls Robbed Him. '
Ed Collins, alias "Bull" Collins, Jerry
Daly, a bartender, Lily Johnson, alias
May Daly, alias Nellie Murphy, and Kitty
Evans were arrested last night by Ser
geants Wolfe and Shaw on suspicion of
having stolen $150 from W. Jorgensen, a
visitor from the rural regions. Lily of the
many aliases was charged with grand
larceny and the others were booked as
vagrants. They are all hard characters
and well known In City Prison circles.
Jorgensen claims that he met the girls
on Fourth street and accompanied them to
a saloon near Stevenson street. While
he was drinking Kitty's health Lily re
moved the $150 from his pocket. He dis
covered his loss and the girls fled with
the country visitor after them. Just be
fore he overtook them, however, Collins
and Daly grabbed him and held him un
til the women made good their escape.
Jorgensen then went with his story to
Captain Spillane and the sergeants round
ed ud the quartet.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Nov. 15.-Harry
Waring, operator of a Merjenthaler machine
in the office of the Times-Citizen, established
a record, setting 3403 lines, equal to 88,478 cmi,
In eight hours. The machine was speeded to
eighty-four revolutions per minute.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1991.
FAMOUS STARS
TO APPEAR IN
FRENCH OPERAS
MATINEE PERFORMANCE.
"FATTST."
BY GOUNOD.
Marguerite Mme. Sembrich
Marta Miss Bauenneister
Siebel .... Mme. Louise Homer
Faust Mr. Dippel
Valentin Mr. Campanari
Wagner Mr. Dufriche
Mephistopheles
Mr. Ed de Reszke
Conductor, Mr. Seppilli.
EVENING PERFORMANCE.
"MANON."
BY MASSENET.
Manon Lescaut
Mme. Sybil Sanderson
Poussette. Mme. Marylli
Javcttc.Miss Carrie Bridewell
Rosette. ...Mme. Van Cauteren
Lescaut Mr. Declery
Le Comte dcs Grieux
Mr. Journet
Guillot Mr. Gilibert
De Bretigny Mr. Bars
Le Chevalier dcs Grieux. . . .
Mr. Salignac
Conductor, Mr. Flon.
Captain Nielsen in Trouble.
Captain N. H. Nielsen was examined
yesterday before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock on a charge of
having made a false and fraudulent cer
tificate whereby a sick sailor had been en
abled to gain admission to the United
States Marine Hospital, In which place
the sailor afterward died. It was shown
that the sailor had formerly been em
ployed by the defendant, but that at the
time he fell sick he was working as a
barkeeper for a man named Swanson on
Jackson street. The case -will be submit
ted on briefs, the captain having admit
ted that the sailor was not employed as
a seaman at the time the certificate was
written.
Painters Are Duped.
J. M. Philpott, 719 Oak street, swore to
a complaint In Judge Cabanlss' court yes
terday for the arrest of Cliff Merrill on
the chprge of felony embezzlement. Mer
rill was financial secretary of the District
Council of Painters, and Philpott Is one
of the trustees. It Is alleged that Mer
rill has gone to Seattle and taken with
him $97 and the books belonging to the
council.
THE presentation of Wagner'f,
"Die Walkure" last evening at
the Grand Opera-house was not
listened to by as large a house as
was expected by the worshipers
of the famous German maestro. Sad to
relate, there were vacant boxes and seats
in the theater, and the memory of last
season's performance of the same opera,
before a crowded house, was vividly re
called.
Is it possible that Wagner's operas are
not as attractive a$ they were a short
year ago, or was It that the flstlc en
counter of brawny giants elsewhere af
fected the attendance at the Grand Opera
house?
Society was well to the front, however,
last night when Director Damrosch start
ed the orchestra in the weird strains of
the mythological composition and the
scene of brilliant gowns and costly gems
of the fair sex was again witnessed.
The story of the mortals and immortals
was listened to with rapt attention. The
marvelous musical recital was well worth
the price of tickets, and though it was
not up to the standard of last year, it
was voted a success by all.
Singers and Orchestra Cheered.
There were cheers last night for the
singers and for Damrosch and his orches
tra. Artists and vocalists both earned
their shares of applause. Gadskl, Reuss-
Belce, Scheff and Schumann-Heink, to
gether with Blspham, Blass and Dippel,
Interpreted the Wagner music as only
singers of absolute merit could do.
Singers and orchestra were themes of
conversation between acts. Many men
in the audience gathered in the lobby
and dozens of ladles were in the upper
promenade and they discussed the effec
tive work that had been listened to dur
ing the previous acts.
The house was not an enthusiastic one
at the start, but when the divine notea
of Gadski and Dippel closed the first
scene there were encores in number. The
same scene was repeated after the second
act. Again and again were all the sing
ers summoned to the footlights, and Dam
rosch came in for an ovation when he
was called to the stage.
The most ardent opponent of the Wag
ner school could not help but be moved
by the magnificent "Walkyre chorus "
that opened the last act. The alternate
wailing and sonorous bursts of melody
from the orchestra seemed to hold thu
audience spellbound, and a thunder of ap
plause greeted the ending of the con
certed song of the maiden messengers of
Odin as they hurled their summons to
the warriors, destined to fall in battle, to
enter the halls of Walhalla.
Audience Laughed at Magic Lantern.
The magic lantern effects showing the
Walkyres riding on the clouds were not
In harmony with the scene. The audi
ence laughed each time the pictures were
flashed on the cloth drop, and the Wag
nerltes shuddered in tiorror. It is not to
be expected that the intricate machinery
used at Bayreuth or at the Metropolitan
Opera-house in New York to carry tKe
Walkyres through the air could be
brought here by Manager Grau, but the
little magic lantern should have been
eliminated. It was a blot on the per
formance.
This afternoon "Faust" will be given,
with Sembrich, Campanari, Dippel and
De Reszke In the leading roles. To-night
Sybil Sanderson will make her first ap
pearance in "Manon," and society is
waiting expectantly to see what the Cali
fornia girl will do. "Boheme" is to be
sung to-morrow night
i
WORK CUT OUT
FOR THE LEAGUE
Primary Election Law
May Need Friends
in Court.
Allied Corporations Plan to
Herrinize the State
Conventions.
The Republican Primary League will
soon begin operations for the State cam
paign of 1902. The election next year will
determine who shall succeed George C.
Perkins as United States Senator and
Henry T. Gage as Governor. The chief
purpose of the Primary League 13 to en
courage good citizens to take an active
interest in public affairs, to the end that
clean, progressive government under the
auspices of the Republican party may be
secured. The league will put forth every
legitimate influence to uphold the primary
election law. The bosses are already plan
ning to knock out the law in the Supreme
Court, and thereby open the way for ap
pointment of delegates to the nominating
conventions. The Kelly-Heriin machine
gained control of the so-called Republican
I County Committee through the agency of
the boss-ridden convention that nomin
ated Asa R. Wells for Mayor, and com
placently accepted Her/ins list of Super
visors. The allied bosses secured a smash
ing defeat at the hands of the people, but
they will make a final effort to Herrinize
the Republican State Convention of IW2
through the machine committee.
The first duty of the Primary League
will be in the direction of district organ
ization. The new apportionment law goea
into effect on the first day of January
next, hence there must be complete reor
ganization of district clubs to conform to
new boundary lines. Citizens, for exam
ple, who have been active in affairs of the
Forty-first District will. find by reference
to the new apportionment that they will
belong after January 1 to the Fortieth or
Forty-second districts. Notable changes
have been made in the districts south of
Market street.
The main effort of the Primary League
will be devoted to bringing out the best
elements of citizenship in every one of
the new districts, so that creditable and
representative men may be sent to the
Legislature and State Convention. In
every district a good ticket will be put in
the field to be voted for at the primary
election. Assuming that the primary law
cannot be overthrown by the allied corpo
rations the bosses will be compelled by
the logic of events to nominate some men
of good character. The outlook for a klgii
grade State Convention is therefore
auspicious. Better men tor the Legisla
ture than the San Francisco delegation
usually presents are likely to be nomin
ated.
The league has no candidate for Gov
ernor, and no favorite for United States
Senator. The Idea of the organization Is
that representative men chosen by the
people shall have a voice In the nomina
tion of a Republican for Governor and in
the election of a Republican to the United
States Senate. It ought to be pretty well
understood by this time that the Inde
pendent Republicans, comprising a ma
jority of the voters belonging to the
party, will not accept a programme pre
pared by W, F. Herrin, Martin Kelly and
John C. Lynch.
Senator Perkins, who has a long record
of good luck in politics, seems to stand a
fair chance of re-election to the Senate,
but in his great balancing act he may trip
up when he least expects a mishap. It
is said that the Congressional delegation
is determined to make him take a stand
one way or another on the proposition to
remove John C. Lynch.
DESPERATE STRUGGLE
WITH TWO BURGLARS
Attorney Thomas Quigley Has an
Unpleasant Experience in His
Bedroom.
James Wilson, 52 years of age, and
Frank Hayes, 17, were arrested about 6
o'clock yesterday morning at 712 Kearny
street by Policeman Lycette and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of attempt
to commit burglary. The complaining wit
ness against them is Attorney Thomas
Quigley.
Quigley has a room In the house, and
about 6 o'clock he was awakened out of
his sleep. He saw the door of his room
open, and about the same time he was
startled by observing Wilson going
through his vest pockets. He jumped out
of bed and grappled with Wilson, throw
ing him through the glass door, th 2
breaking glass attracting the attention ot
the landlady. Quigley got Wilson on the
floor and commenced to choke him, while
the landlady screamed for help. Hayes
rushed to Wilson's assistance, and seizing
a chair struck Quigley on the head with
It. Quigley made for him, but he ran
into a room and locked the door.
The Central police station was notified
and Lycette appeared oil the scene and
arrested the two men. They had been
rooming in the house for three days, but
as they did not pay any rent the land
lady locked the door of their room Thurs
day night so that they could not gain an
entrance. The police are of the opinion
that Wilson has a criminal record.
Talks of New York Election-
Max Popper entertained the Iroquols
Club last night with an account of his
recent visit to New York and his obser
vations of the election laws, effects of
Low's victory and other political topics.
A resolution urging the Public Utilities
Committee of the Board of Super, isors
to take steps to acquire the Geary street
railway was referred to the Committee on
Resolutions. "W. M. Cannon, D. J. Gor
don and Max Popper were appointed a
committee to represent the club at the
anti-Chinese convention to be held In
Metropolitan Hall. .
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco December 18, Los Angeles
December 19. reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco, $80; Los Angeles, $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low side trip
rates. Optional Itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street, San Francisco,
261 South Spring street, Los Angeles.
Crab Fishermen Incorporate.
The articles of incorporation of the San
Francisco Crab Fishermen's Union, were
filed yesterday. The corporation Is formed
for the purpose of carrying on the im
portation and exportation of crabs, oys
ters, lobsters, clams and fish, and to can
and preserve all sorts of denizens of the
deep. The capital stock of the new busi
ness concern is $10,000 and the directors are
Giuseppl Favrega. John Revello, Olovanl
Piconi, Francisco de Gregori and Michele
Scalafinl.
Grants Bight of Way.
The Southern Pacific Company notified
the Board of Public Works yesterday tnat
It would grant a right of way for a sewer
proposed to b« built in Arlington street,
near Bosworth. The deed was submitted
to the City Engineer, and conveys the
right of way for a itomlnal sum.
The Popular Train
To Stockton, Merced, Fresno, Hanfoni, Vlsalta
and Bakersfleld is the California Limited, via
Santa Fe. Leaves daily at 9 a.m. Dining cars,
chair cars, oiled track. Ticket pi flee, 641 Mar
ket street.
Must Pay for Street Work.
Justice of the Peace Daniels gave judg
ment yesterday for $152 in favor of the
City Street Improvement Company, which
sued J. H. Bartlett for failure to pay
his pro rata on a contract to repave with
bitumen the roadway of Sanchez street
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Jack London to Lecture.
Jack London will lecture to-night at the
Academy of Sciences on the subject
"Competitive Waste." The lecture is
under the auspices of the Economic
League.
Mayor Phelan's controversy with Ho Tow on
Chinese exclusion In to-day's Wasp. •
FATAL ECONOMY.
WMJ\ VERY^^old maxim declares that it isn't econ-
W/iv/j omy to pick up pins ; the time is worth more
i|i| than the pins. Similarly it is not true econ-
%Hii*l omy to do without Ivory Soap; your health
requires the daily removal of the bodily excretions
which are discharged through the pores of the skin.
These tiny mouths must be kept open, and they
should be opened only with a pure soap.
IVORY SOAP — 99«>i£> PER CENT. PURE.
' - " eO»»«IO«T !<«• VI TMt PWOCTtIt * «*M«t.l CO. CINgtNWATI
WATCHFUL CLERK
SAVES JEWELRY
Rescues Valuable Stick-
Pin Prom a Clever
Thief.
The police are assiduously searching for
a clever Jewelry thief, who entered a
Geary street jewelry store yesterday aft
ernoon and attempted to purloin an ex
pensive stick pin. He was detected in the
act by a clerk, who was so overcome by
the boldness rf the attempt that he al
lowed the thief to escape after securing
a return of the jewel.
The would-be thief is described as being
tall, slender, dark corcplexloned and at
tired in a dark suit. He entered the store
as a prospective purchaser and requested
the clerk to show him some lockets and
stick pins. While examining the Jeweiry,
turning various pieces toward the light
and twisting them about after the man
ner of a connoisseur to note their great
est luster, he slipped the stick pin into
his vest pocket.
When he thought that he had the pJn
safely concealed he tuined to go, with the
remark that the Jeweiry was tpo expen
sive for him to purchase. The clerk, who
had seen the pin disappear, requested its
return. The request was immediately
complied with.
¦ The thief was almost overcome with
confusion, but tried to smooth matters by
asserting that it was very funny how the
pin had found its way Into his pocket.
Although the clerk failed to perceive the
wit of the situation no neglected to cap
ture the thief. The etise was at once re
ported to the police, who are now looking
Tor the suave stranger. Because of the
meagerness of the description which they
have of the man the police entertain lit
tle hope of finding him.
Held for Attempt to Rob.
Anthony Adams, Michael Healy Charles
Rice and John M. Wilson were held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Fritz yesterday In $1000 bond" each
on the charge of attempt to rob They
were arrested for attempting to rob Wil
liam Hariton. a. railroad laborer, at Mls
sht5 ht Fremont streets Wednesday"
U. O'BRIEN & CO.
I Respectfully call attention
S to the following Special
: Bargains, which will be
• placed on sale this morning:
I CHILDREN'S TAN JACKETS, reduced from 01 rft
• $ 3°oto 51.50
• COLORED MOREEN AND SATIN 01 Art
• SKIRTS, reduced from $2.00 and $2.50 t0... 01, (111
I LADIES' AND MISSES' MACKINTOSHES
J will be closed out at a reduction of 25 PER
• CENT.
• LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SILK 04 rft
• WAISTS, reduced from $5.00 and $6.00 to OU'OU
I LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SILK 0 J ftf>
• WAISTS, reduced from $6.50 to 54,0fl
8 LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SI T X oft A A
I WAISTS, reduced from $8.00 and $00^ 56.00
J BLACK AND COLORED SILK WAISTS, 0 7 rft
• reduced from $10.00, $11.00 and $12.00 to Xf SO
: SUITS MADE TO ORDER FROM . . .$20.00 to $1 00 00
t PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED
|OißfiiEiT&caO i BfiiEiT&ca
I 1146" MARKET STREET.
ADVKH.TISE3OINT3.
HOLDS A CLERK
AND ROBS STORE
Bold Crime Committed
on Montgomery
Avenue.
A bold robbery was committed last
night in a candy store at 422 Montgom
ery avenue, conducted by T. Cromhon:.
A thief entered the place while hundreds
of pedestrians were passing on the lights!
thoroughfare, seized the young lady clerk
and, with his hand over her mouth, rifle. 1
the cash register. A confederate came
upon the scene juat as the man who com
mitted the crime was ready to leave and
assisted in the escape.
About 8 o'clock Miss Rose Rosset
alone in the store, when a stranger en
tered. He asked for 15 cents' worth ot
candy and after his order had been flllel
heuded out a 50-cent piece in payment
Miss Rossetti turned to the cash register
opened it and dropped the coin in. Sha
was just picking up the proper change
when her customer sprang over the coun
ter and, placing one hand over her moutli
to prevent an outcry, held her fast
The thief, after he had transferred
about %lo in coin to his own pocket re
leased the woman and dashed out of the
store. For a moment Miss Rossetti stood
dumfounded. She was just about to give
an alarm, when another stranger came
In from the street and asked what the
matter was. Upon being told of the bold
robbery, the last stranger quickly volur
teered to pirrsue the thief and started out
Miss Rossetti trusted to him and did not
raise a cry. This clever ruse frustrated a
capture.
Sergeant Christiansen and Officer Rob
ert Silver arrived on the 3cene a few miv
utes after the deed had been done. They
learned the girls story, but she was too
excited to give them an accurate descrip
tion by which the thief and his accom
plice could have been picked out of a
crowd had they even been located. A re
pOT}^t,}he mat *er was made to the Cen
tral Police Station.
Steals Municipal Funds.
BUDAPEST. Nov. 15. -An official of the
Municipal Tax Office named Kecskematy
has decamped with municipal funds to thm
amount of 500,000 crowns.OLIVE GRUVER
IN COURT AGAIN
Plaintiff in Two Divorce
Suits in Three *
Weeks.
Dr. A. K. Happersberger De
nies That He Treated
Wife Cruelly.
Olive F. Gruver has had her choice of
usbands and neither one of the two
gentlemen have suited. Strange to relate.
Gruver did not suit either one of
her liusbantip, for they both deserted her.
¦truwff still, however, is the story of
'ircver s matrimonial experiences.
Edwin If. Carson was her first choice and
ehe was married to him in Oakland in
the early nineties. They lived together
Jor come years and then Carson disap
peared He had been gone lor some time
ana the heard that he was dead. She
met 'William F. Gruver and after a short
. ihey were married. They lived
y ior a year and then one day Car
ier former husband, whom she sup
was not in tht land oi the living,
appeared.
iwo weeks ago the woman with too
m&ny husbands brought suit for divorce,
y a decree of court was freed from
her tirst husband. Carson disposed of.
this time fur good so far as any claim he
inigfh: have upon her was concerned, she
tet about getting rid of husband No. 2
p.nd yesterqay rhed a suit for divorce
st Oruver. alleging in her complaint
that he deseited her in August, 1897.
HapperEberger Denies Charges.
Dr. Albert K. H- pi.rrsberger riled an
answer to his wife s i-omplaint for divorce
bicta he uenies every aile
ruelty made by his spouse. The
:ms he never "beat >irs. Hap
and denies her charge that he
r» a d her out i : the house. He
that he has given every at
?¦. that a loving husband should lav
ish on a wife, and that he has always
rted her. He 6ays he Is not wonh
and that his income from his prac
tice ie only ?i2ou instead of $4000 as she
s. He also says that his wife is not
i of alimony while the 6Uit is pend
.- she has been supported by Ben
- ib by a former mar
sir.ee the suit was filed.
rk J. Garlick wants his marriage ti
ide E. Garlick annulled. He alleges
r.r he filed yesterday that
as an illegal marriagre because he
marriage one week after
id secured a divorce from
Miller. He still further alleges
he made Mrs. Miller Mrs.
k he was under the age of 21 years.
They were married in October, 1901.
Denies That She Drinks.
Alice Edith Randall fled an answer to
the cross-complaint liled by Charles E. S.
Kandall in ihe divorce proceedings insti
tuted by Mrs. Randall some ¦weeks ago.
Handali. who was accused by her
husband of indulging in intoxicants to
such an extent that i\ frequently hap
: that she had to be carried home
denies the charges. She claims that she
<irank two dozen quart bottles of
beer or three pint flasks of whisky in
eningr. or that ehe ever got so in
ited that she had to be undressed
and *iut to bed.
Hugo Abraham Bernstein, In a suit for
annulment of marriage filed yesterday, al
:hat since his marriage to Sarah
stein in June of last year he learned
that she was of feeble and unsound mind.
ks for the custody of a 7 months' old
ohiM. the issue of the marriage.
rces were pranted yesterday to
Burlingame from James Bur
me for desertion, Louisa George from
¦y T. George for desertion and Ada
¦ r from Charles Hopper for deser
r (iivorcp were filed by Mary
S.mpson against^ John Simpson
¦ Richard B. Seike against
r desertion. Mary Keen
Keen for failure t
M. Butler against C. W.
JAMES STAXTON LEAVES
PROPERTY TO CHILDREN
His Sons and Daughters Will Enjoy
Large Income From Kearny-
Street Property.
The will of James Stanton, who die!
October 21, 1901, at his residence at 1533
Mission street, was filed for probate yes
torday. He left a valuable estate, all of
¦which, with the exception of two small
bequests, he left to his five children. The
children are John A. Stanton of 1880 Mis
sion street, Catherine T. Buckley, resid
ing at 105S Fell street, and Mary F. Bar
ron, Frank J. Stanton and William M
Stanton. residing at 1838 Mission street.
Ar.nie Larkin, a « half-sister of the de
ceased, is left a monthly income of $15.
Stanton provides .In his will that the
building at the southeast corner of Post
and Kearny streets, which is part of the
estate, shall be held in trust for his chil
dren, and that the profits derived from
the rent of the building shall be divided
among his children, share and share
a iike.
Frank J. Stanton. William M. Stanton
and Daniel J. Buckley are named as ex
ecutors and trustees of the estate.
The will of Sophia Tufts Trask, who
clied at Oakland November 7, 1901. was
filed yesterday. It disposes of an estate
valued at $41,000. Relatives of the de
ceased are named as beneficiaries. The
document bequeaths to a number of char
itable organizations a Email monthly in
c>me from the estate.
The will of Johanne Mathllde Hess was
filed for probate yesterday. She leaves
h^r estate to her four children, share and
sharp aWVr-
Smuggler Ericksen Fined.
r>mil Ericksen. who was caught walking
s«hore from the transport Kirkpatrick
¦with a Bilk kimono and an embroidered
silk coat of arms was fined $50 yesterday
morning by United States District Judge
oe Haven. He paid the fine. The duty on
the articles was only $1 20. .
George A. Zocchi Disappears.
l>- A. Znorhi of the firm of Zocchf
.: 1 nion llml, <iisapp»»arpd on Oc-
Dda fear that he has
¦df, he having been.
Mme.
L == Fels-Naptha — — 3 — ;
Fels-Naptha soap needs no
argument with the woman who
uses it according to the simple
directions. She finds that with
no boiling and but little rub-
bing, in half the time with half
I . the work, the clothes come out
whiter and sweeter than ever she
saw before. Not half the wear
either. Actual fact, or money
returned by your grocer.
Pel* * Ce.
SOLDIERS ARE HOSTS AND SOCIETY
DANCES AT BALL AT THE PRESIDIO
Next Dance to Be a Farewell to the Gallant Fifteenth Cavalry.
Fashionable Tea To-Day in Honor of Miss Louise Redington, a
Debutante — Gallatin Progressive Euchre Party
ti r>. EAUTIFUL women In gorgeous
BEAUTIFUL brave and gorgeous
gowns and brave and handsome
j "yV men danced the hours away at
JL-^/ the Presidio ball last evening. It
was the third dance at which tne
officers of the pest were hosts, and, like
its two predecessors, it was a splendid so
cial success.
Lieutenant Babcock. Pr. Collins and
Lieutenant Brower had charge of the ar
rangements, and the pleasant fact that
the affair moved without a hitch was all
due to their splendid efforts.
The ballroom of the clubhouse, where
the dance was held, was 'bright and beau
tiful with a decoration of flags and flow
ers. The stage was banked with gor
geous ferns and tall, stately palms. Flags
draped the walls, held In place by crossed
sabers, and the tricolor formed a bril
liant canopy overhead.
Captain and Mrs. John V. White and
Captain and Mrs. Klnzie W. Walker re
ceived the guests and gave them all a
most gracious welcome.
The next dance at the Presidio will take
place some- time in December, probably
en the ISth, and will take the form of a
farewell to the Fifteen Cavalry, which
pails on the 16th of December for the
Philippines.
Those present at the ball last evening
were:
General S. B. M. Young, Miss King-. Frank
King. W. E. Sells. Mrs. W. V. Huntington,
Miss Edith Huntln^ton. Dr. J. R. Clark, Mtsu
Mullins, " Eugene DeCoulon, P. R. Backus.
Lieutenant Kempf, the Misses Cardan. Mrs.
Kittle. Miss Kittle, Mr. and Mrs. Coffin, Miss
Coffin. Miss Allen, Miss Frances Allen, Mr.
and Mrs. Redington, Mies Redlnston, Miss
Noonan. Mien Marie Wilson, W. V. Bowers,
Miss Alma Sherman. Miss Ella Wenzelberger,
A. E. Graupner. Ralph . Hart. Miss Helen
Kline, Miss Jessie - Wright, Miss Jacqueline
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
Moore, Dr. Morton Gibbons, Walter Gibbons,
Dr. and Mrs. C. B. Brlgham, the Misses Brig
ham, Mr. Russell, P. E. Towne, Emerson War
fleld, George Whlpple, Miss Rose Nalle, Miss
Ilattle Currier, Miss Mabel Donaldson, Sum
ner Hardy, Orville Pratt, Dupont Coleman,
the MiEFeP Murphy, Colonel and Mrs. Cham
berlain. Captain and Mrs. Morse, Lieutenant
Carleton, Major and Mrs. LonK. Captain Gam
brill, Lieutenant and Mrs. Johnston, Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Miss lone Fore, the . Misses
Dunham, the Mleses Henrlci, Miss Andrews,
Miss Charlotte Elllnwood, Miss Ayers, E. D.
Mendenhall, Wilson Esmond," Miss I Ruth
Adams, Dr. and Mrs. Alexander Black, Mis..
Nokes, Miss Nokes, William GoldsborouKh,
Miss Ethel Short), Miss Ruth Gedney, E. H.
; Lincoln, Lieutenant Winston, [ Lieutenant
I Church, Miss Marion Harrison, Mr. Polh»
mus. Miss Sweet, Dr. Jay Stephens, Ned Se
wall. Miss Ella Morgan, .Raymond Armsby,
C. M. St. John. H. W. Adams, Miss Winifred
Mears, the Misses Hammond, Miss Dußois,
John R. Dunn, Crosby Miller, Miss De Young,
Colonel and Miss Goodale, Miss Kllburn, Dr.
and Mrs. Boyer, Miss Julia. Reed. Mies Kip,
Dr. Herbert Gunn. Paul Hutchlns. Sidney
Salisbury, Mr. and Mrs. . John Merrill, Lieu
tenant R. D. White, Miss Bessie Cole, It.
Rountree, Miss Blankart, Miss Bolton. . Harry
Melone, Miss. Fritz, Miss Polhemus and Mr.
Fritz. .
? • ? *
Mrs. Albert Gallatin gave a large card
party at her home on Jackson street yes
terday. One hundred invited guests en
joyed the game— progressive euchre. The
house was prettily decorated with bril
liant blossoms and dainty refreshments
were served. -
* • • . •• •
A tea will be giver this afternoon by
Mrs.. .W. P. Rftdington at her home on
Scott street complimentary to her debu
tante daughter, Miss Louise Redingtor.
The hours of the tea will be from 4. till 7.
Mrs. Redlngton will receive her guest.*,
assisted by Mrs. L. 3. Monteagle, Mrd.
George S. Bowman, Mrr. E. Wright, Mrs.
Thurlow McMulHn, Miss Anna Center
Gray, Miss ¦ Ruth McNutt, Miss Bessie
Bowman, Miss Sophie Pierce' Miss Laura
Farnsworth, Miss Jean Nokes. Miss Edith
Chesebrough, Miss Helen Kline, Miss
Mattie Livermore, Miss Nadine Nuttall,
Miss Hazel Noonan of Los Angeles, Miss
, Elizabeth Mills, Miss Kate Herrin an i
Miss Alice Herrin. Several hundred invi
tations have been Issued for the affair.
¦: ...»
Mrs. Edward B. Young and Mrs. Eli
Llewellyn were "at home" yesterday at
their beautiful house on Pine street. It
was the first of two "at homes," the sec
ond of which is announced for next Tues
day. Several hundred ladles called to pay
their respects to the charming hostesses,"
who received their guests assisted by Mrs.
F. A. Denicke, Mrs. N. E. Stanford, Miss
Lavina Giesting, Miss Kathleen - Booth,
Miss Edith Manning, Miss Daisy Byrne,
Miss Georgie Cope and Miss Hazel Cope.
Mrs. Llewellyn looke-i especially charm
ing in a , handsome gown of black mous
sellne de sole, elaborately trimmed with
white chjffon. Mrs. "Voting's gown was a
charming combination of cream colored
satin and lace.
• • •
Horses with docked tails are not wanted
by President Roosevelt, and as he is de
termined to secure horses with long tails
he Is experiencing considerable difficulty
In securing suitable animals for * his use.
The President is looking for a span of
bay geldings that have not docked tails
and which come up to the high standard
set by him. The White House stableman
has visited Baltimore and other nearby
cities In search of horses of the kind in
dicated, but he has not succeeded in find
ing them. In discussing this matter one
of the White House attaches said recent
ly: '
Any number of w>lendld horses with short
tails are to be had, but the President will not
have that kind. He is opposed to the docking
of horses', tail*, believing the practice cruel
and unnecessary. He will not indorse the fad
by driving: behind a pair of short-tailed horses.
The difficulty In finding; suitable horses -is
caused by the horse dealers themselves. A<«
•oon as they ret a first-class horse they dock |
its tail to make It a better seller. Conse
quently when a buyer demands a first-class
long-tailed horse he cannot -i*t it.
• • •
Senator Clark of Montana, who was to
add another palatial house to the already
large list of magnillcent private resi
dences In course of construction in Wash
ington, has decided to defer the matter of
building for some time yet. He has taken
the former residence of Representative
Thropp of Pennsylvania, located at 1915
Massachusetts avenue, and will make it
his home for the winter.
Senator Clark is said to have abandoned
the Idea of building an Immense apart
ment-house on Dupont circle, upon the
former site of the Stewart mansion, and
while in Europe is studying styles of
architecture suited to the size and shape
of the ground.
All of this revives the old story of the
Senator's engagement. The lease of the
Massachusetts avenue house, in the vicin
ity of the lots on Dupont circle, strength
ens both stories, and it is supposed that
the Senator, who is really a judge of
architecture, will superintend the con
struction of his' house himself.
* • •
Mrs. Ogden Mills ha;i entirely recovered
from her illness of last summer, and she
will be among the first in New York to
entertain on a very .arge scale. A new
ballroom has been added to her residence,
and she will bring out her twin daugh
ters, one of whom is reported to be en
gaged to Robert L. Gerry. The Millses
will come to New York for the horse
show. They have been giving a series
of large house parties at Staatsburg on
the Hudson. A coming: out ball for the
Misses Gladys and Beatrice Mills is on
the cards. Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw Reid
will entertain also fbr the Misses Mills.
POPULAR MATRON AND A
BRAVE SOLDIER WHO AT
TENDED PRESIDIO BALL.
They are at present at Ophir Hall, but
will come into lown for the holidays.
• • •
Dr. P. M. Rlxey cortinues to visit the
White House daily, as he used to do dur
ing the administration of President Mc-
Kinley. President and MrE. Roosevelt
have made no selection of a family phy
sician, and Dr. Rlxey occupies that posi
tion. Whether he will remain in that ca
pacity when he becomes surgeon general
of the navy is not known. The late Dr.
Bates, purgeon generr.l of the army, was
the first physician to President and Mrs.
McKlnley. When he died Dr. Leonard
Wood, now General Wcod, was designated
.to the position. He remained until the
breaking out of the war with Spain, when
he went to the front as colonel of the
Rough Riders. Dr. ftternberg, surgeon
general of the army, was next looking
after the health of President and Mrs.
McKinley, but only for a short time,
when he was succeeded by Dr. Rixey.
The latter called at the White House
daily for three years.
• * •
Miss McKenna, daughter of Justice Mc-
Kenna of the Supreme Court and who has
hosts of friends In thirf city, gave a tea re
cently in her Washington home in honor
of her guest. Miss S'.nan, which was at
tended by about 125 guests from the
younger members of f.oclety. Besides the
young ladles of the Cabinet, Miss Audrey
Paunrefote and a. number of the younger
members of diplomatic society attended,
while there was quite a contingent from
both the army and ihe navy, which bid
fair to furnish a goodly number .of beaus
for the girls of the rapltal this winter.
Lieutenant Ho'oson wa;; there, and though
always qaiet about it ba is everywhere in
demand with the younger set at the capi
tal. Miss McKenna -vms assisted in re
ceiving by her guest, Miss Sloan, and her
younger sisters assisted at the tea table.
• • »
Mrs. Martinez's tea to Mme. Sembrlch
has been postponed to Wednesday, No
vember 20, owing to change of repertoire.
MISS McXINNEY LOSES
HER PLACE AS TEACHER
Her Attorney Threatens to Brin^
Contempt Proceedings Against
Board of Education.
Miss Margaret McKinney, a teacher in
iJne John Swett School, was summarily
ousted from her position yesterday. She
reported for duty at the school, when
Principal Lyser Informed her that she
had been replaced by another teacher.
She persisted in remaining, and Lyser
sent for the janitor to escort her out.
Miss McKinney thereupon retired.
S. V. Costello, her attorney, says that
the Board of Education was served by
Judge Hunt with an order restraining it
from removing her. In the face of the
order the l>oard removed Miss McKinney
from her position and placed her on the
eligible list with full pay. Costello now
threatens contempt proceedings. Misa
McKinney was reported against by her
principal, and she is suing the board to
prevent it from bringing her to trial.
Sold Liquor to a Minor.
Nicholas Thill, a grocer on Bernal
Heights, was convicted by a jury In
Judge Fritz's court yesterday on a charge
of selling- liquor to a minor, ami will be
sentenced next Friday. He was accused
of selling whisky to Albert Reno, a boy,
who testified that a man named "Billy 1 '
Bell had given him money to buy the
liquor for him.
Ex-Convict in the Toils.
Robert Lang, an ex-convict, was arrest
ed last night by Detectives Wren and
Dinan and charged with burglary. About
two months ago he broke into the room
of Joseph Orr at 501 Geary street and
stole a suit of clothes and an overcoat.
The stolen property was found in a
pawnshop.
One Year for Burglary.
John O'Malley, who was convicted by
a jury in Judge Cook's court Tuesday of
burglary in the second degree, appeared
for sentence yesterday. He was sent to
San Quentm for one year. He broke Into
the residence of O. B. Osborne, 1108 De
visadero street, and stole a sealskin cape
and a quantity of jewelry.
ODDS AND ENDS
IN NOME CASES
Oonclusibn of Taking of
Testimony by Both
the Parties.
Arguments Will Be Made on
Monday Before the
Court.
Witnesses came and witnesses went all
day long in the Nome contempt proceed
ings. It was the winding up of the Gov
ernment's case on the part of Amicus Cu
riae Pillsbury, and now that the rebuttal
is in nothing remains but the arguments,
which will commence Monday morning
before the Circuit Court of Appeals. Nev
ertheless there will be another session
this morning to patch up the gaps.
Arthur M. Pope was the first witness
to be called. He saw the teams of Me-
Kenzie hitched up ready to go to the An
vil Creek mines the day the orders were
signed by Judge Noyes, and heard tho
night betore that the receiverships were
to be made.
Clerk Borchsenius was called to testify
as to jury lists and matters connected
directly with his onlce. Captain Frenci
succeeded him on the stand and was put
through a long examination, whicn
brougnt out -no new tacis oi material in
terest in regard to the ptm. Hit iu< 'a.
took in the enforcement of the writ* of
supersedeas or the protection of the gold
dust. .
Kenneth M. Jackson, an attorney at
Nome, was put on the stand during the
afternoon, lie testified to the action
taken on the part of several promineriL
Nome people :n the endeavor to secure
legislation for Alaska. '1 he alien ques -
tion was also considered. On cross-ex
amination the letter signed by the wit
ness, Attorney Finke and Judge Johnson,
and which was addresed to Pilisbury, was
reproduced by the respondents. This was
the letter written for the purpose of se
curing immunity for Hume. The witness
said that as all civil authorities declined
to enforce the writs he called upon the
military.
J. M. Davidson, a civil engineer, was
called. He was on one of the jury lists*,
and told of the changes in the juries.
Sam C. Dunham, Nome's own poet, was
handed a copy of the telegram sent to
Washington. He testified as to the vol
ume of business transacted by the attor
neys who signed the petition.
Samuel H. Knight was called again. Ho
went over odds and ends of cpnversationa
at the time of the arrival of the writs
and the arrest of McKenzie.
Judge Charles S. Johnson succeedei
Knight. He said he asked for military
aid either to enforce the writs or to pro
tect his clients in the enforcement.
Then came W. H. Metson, who also re
cited twice-told tales.
Robert Chips, plaintiff In the raw
around which all of the. Nome trouble*
have encircled, was put on vie sta:iu id^ts
in the afternoon. He told of the light
night ride to the mine when McKenzl'j
made fast the appointment of receiver by
Judge Noyes. The witness said McKenzie
told him before the appointment was an
nounced that he expected to be appointed
receiver.
SUCCESSFUL BENEFIT FOB,
CORPUS CHRIST! CHURCH
Friends of the Salesian Fathers Pre
sent Most Entertaining Concert
Before Large Audience.
A most entertaining programme was
presented last night at Sherman-Clay
Hall by those Interested in the welfare
of the newly founded Church of Corpus
Christ!, located near Ocean View. This
church is under the charge of the Sale
sian Fathers, and all the Italian residents
of the city responded generously. Russo
and Collarmerinl were the principal sing
ers, and the duet by Miss L. Steffani and
Miss Etta Welsh came in for a proper
measure of applause.
The programme was as follows:
Favorlta Mandolin and Guitar Club, (a)
•'Tittle's Serenade" (D. Tlbaldi). (b) "Fra le
Ptoso" (G Sartori); mandolins— Mrs. Klotz,
Miss Mohr. Miss C. Ullmer, H. Goege, C. Cook.
G. Harper; mandola. Mr 3. J. Harper; guitars-
Misses C Goege, A. Morris and C. Stevens;
violins— Miss Regina Pistolesl and G. Peterson;
directress Miss Clo Stevens; barytone «010,
"The Charmed Cup," Tom Jacques; duet.
"Boccaccio," Signora 1.. Stefani and Misa
Etta Welsh; soprano solo, selected, Signonna
Estefanla Collamarlni; piano solo, "Rlgoletto."
Mlso E. G. Sresovich (pupil of Notre Dame
College) ; tenor solo, selected. Signor G. Cor
tesi- bass solo "L'Ebreo," Signor G. Napo
leon'e; "Al Bagni" (G. Sartori). Favorlta Man
dolin and Guitar Club; tenor solo, selected,
Rignor Russo; trio, "I Lombardi" (Verdi).
Miss E. AVeLsb, Signori G. Cortesi and G. Napo
leone' tenor solo, selected. Dr. F. Bonino; so
prano polo "Parla." Miss Etta Welsh; duet, "I
Pescatori." Signorl G. Cortesi and G. Napo
leone; accompanists, Signorina Napoleone and
Professor V. Ursumando.
COURT OF APPEALS
DENIES REHEARINGS
Forty-Five Thousand Dollars Collect
ed From Bondsmen of Ex-Internal
Revenue Collector Welburn.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday denied petitions for re
hearing in the following cases: Simpson
vs. Robert Dollar, Johnson vs. W T oodbury,
Singer Manufacturing Company vs. Cra
mer, Tacoma Railway Company vs. Hays,
Highland Light vs. Petty et al., Ameri
can Bonding Company vs. Takahashi,
Pond et al. vs. The United States, Na
tional Nickel Company vs. Nevada Nickel
Syndicate.
The case of Pond and others against the
United States was an appeal from the
judgment in the Circuit Court against the
bondsmen of Internal Revenue Collector
O. M. Welburn for $45,000, the amount of
his defalcation plus Interest and costs.
Before the appeal was taken the bonds
men were required to deposit the money
in the United States Sub-Treasury, where
It now remains to the credit of the Gov
ernment. This Is the largest sum ever
recovered by the Government from bonds
men in the Ninth Circuit.
MISS LTTCILE EAVES
TELLS OF EAKLY DAYS
Speaks of the Gold Excitement Din
ing the Forty-Nine
Period.
People living in the neighborhood of the
South Park settlement house, 86 South
Park, owe to Miss Lucile Eaves, the resi
dent in charge, a debt of gratitude for a
number of pleasant and Instructive even
ings. To relieve the monotony of the long
winter evenings and to combine useful
instruction with the passing of the time
Miss Eaves has arranged to deliver a
course of lectures at the settlement-house
on the economic history of California.
She delivered the second of the course
last night to an audience which packed
every part of the settlement-house with
in hearing of her voice. She told of the
rush to the gold fields in the early days.
Her talk was replete with vivid descrip
tions and lively incident and was Illus
trated With stereopticon reproductions of
old prints.
Mrs. Marie Smith Convicted.
The trial of Mrs. Marie Smith on the
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses took place before a jury in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday. She was ac
cused of obtaining (5 from Robert Dollar
on October 31 by representing that she
was a collector for the Infants' Shelter.
The Jury was out only about five minutes
when It returned with a verdict of guilty.
Mrs. Smith will be sentenced to-day.
There are three other charges against
her.
Jesse Carr's Fence to Come Down,
United States Marshal Shine will start
next week with a posse for the lava beds
of Modoc County to tear down forty jnlle3
of fencing which the Je»se D. Carr
Livestock Company has erected to inclose
several thousand acres of government
land for pasture.
Mme. Emma Eames writes on "Musical Hon
esty" In the Waso. Out to-day. •
'¦_¦'_ ••'¦•'¦'. ADVERTISEMENTS. _._¦_._¦_.
SURGICAL OPERATIONS
Many of Them Unnecessary. Mrs.
Pinkham's Advice and Medicine
Have Saved Many Women From
the Surgeon's Knife.
¦ ¦ ¦ -
Hospitals in our great cities are sad places to visit.
Three-fourths of • the patients lying on those snow-white beds are
women and girls.
Why should this be the case ?
Because they have neglected themselves.
Every one of these patients in the hospital beds had plenty of
warning. in that bearing-down- feeling, pain at the left or right of the
womb, nervous exhaustion, pain in the small of the back. All these
things are indications of an unhealthy condition of the ovaries or womb.
What a terrifying thought ! these poor souls are lying there on those
hospital beds awaiting a fearful operation.
Do not drag along at home or in your place of employment until
you are obliged to go to the hospital and submit to an examination and
possible operation. Build up the female system, cure the derangements
which have signified themselves by danger signals, and remember that
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has saved thousands of
women from the hospital. . Read the letter here published with the full
consent of the writer, and see how she escaped the knife by a faithful
reliance on Mrs. Pinkham's advice and treatment by her medicines.
If in doubt write to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., for free
advice ; her experience covers twenty years.
SllUf^^r \JV "7/* mJ^' / /^ // mi I * /^^
hßHH^^S^*' Ft *^*^-^t^^ff — *^^?fc V**ti m mi g I A I »
lflKlrai.l^W.^k. "** , > v^ wfr^r \r^**** \ v Swk V V
f Here is Proof, Undeniable Proof, That Many Operations
- ' May Be Avoided.
/ - " Dkae Mrs. Pixkham :— As I am a great sufferer of female trouble I
; thought I ; wonld write to you to see if you thought there "—as any positive
help for igc; lam very sore through my bowels, especially over the womb,
and on the left side low down I will be taken with a dull sore pain, and in an
hour will bo so sore that I cannot move myself, and will have to be poulticed,
and will be unable to walk for two or three weeks. I have a bad discharge
at times. Th 3 doctor say a I will have to go through an operation and have
the left ovary removed. -If "you can help me let me hear from you soon." —
Mrs. M. G. Sihvelv, Upson, Wis. (Nov. 12, 1900.) . .
" Dear.; Mf.3. .Pinkham : — When I wrote to you last fall in regard to my
health, death' would have been a welcome visitor to me, but I followed your
advice anil. am now well. I had tried everything I could hear of, went to
every doctor far and near, spent a great deal of money and received no benefit.
At the time I wrote you I was saving up money to go to Chicago to have an
operation upon the womb and ovaries which the doctor said unless I had I
.would die. but thanks to your remedies, I avoided this. I have taken eight
bottles of liydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, two of your
Blood Purifier, and used four packages of Sanative, and am a well woman. I
advise every woman suffering as I did to take Lydia E. Pinkham's reme-
dies."— Mrs. M. G. Shively, Upson. Wis. (March 20, 1901.) '
Sea g\ C\ £% XX WARD. — We r-^-« deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000,
nil 1 IP I which will be paid to any person who can had that the above testimonial letters
mtk aa&£J n S I are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
ItrUUVV mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, aiasa.
St. Mary the Virgin Bazaar.
The Altar Society of the Church of St.
Mary the Virgin will hold a bazaar on the
afternoons and evenings of November VJ.
20 nn' 1 SI The church has had a hard
struggle up to last year and although the
pnt~ ... v...arge, Rev. Stephen lnnes. has
done great good in every way for the
church, some of the debt is still unpaid.
This bazaar is given to still further re
duce this debt.
Many useful and artistic articles are on
sale all suitable for Christmas gifts. As
thN is the ¦ first time the little church has
called upon outside aid, the public ought
tO Th e e 3P f O a "r w«f 'bT held in the hall and
ten? adjoining the church at Steiner anu
Vnl on streets Music and refreshments
will be provided, both afternoon and even-
Ing.
jfe PERFECTION
£^*sZr*A —^' S S le distinguishing
&||§2sK||l' feature of our women's tail-
jp3fi||lr oring business. It is the true
wf^ ,Tt secret" of why our parlors
•^C-Za w^^ present each day a busier ap-
W We direct especial atten-
-tfNfii. :^\fS\/l - tion to an ele £ ant suit that
vlli'it VI IS/ 1 ' * * ye are now making for
\l &*. '! UK I forty-five dollars, but which
VUTOitfV figures do not nearly express
\^^lPll f " its full value. We offer
,^s£3||||l .' choice of exquisitely faced
if jr^m Venetians and broadcloth, in
1/ I HI I black, also the late shades of
If I Hi blue, brown, tan, castor and
I \i\Wi'. V green. Coats are lined with
I I Wa extra heavy satin, and we
It I M, i guarantee perfection in fit.
| I tW^. style, workmanship — perfect
Jp "I ki- ' satisfaction — customers .to
iJlf ''/%. 'MiitfelJwv ' A* so exclusive novelties, single
ijUfM. mJfflKL^JBi >¦' suitin S3 only, in the new hi?h-
.Jj^-JS^ MmT^S^Wr *¦' grade mixtures, green and brown.
J^- WF^^W»'rW^^' '¦ &&* and black .' black and
MlM'^B s\Mk WO* ifiE&F • br6wn. green and gold, brown
jyyff / «gj^- J^^^^ii^. Our agent In New York expresses
TwifTir'"" ir'Wii t3n '- to Us ever >' novelty as soon as It
y :'''^\JB|^^sg|£*««BffijJßP^ makes Its appeal in the cen-
SAN FRANCISCO^i^STO^I OAKLANICTwAsIJgSVgS «t.
Judge Hunt Sets Judgment Aside.
Judge Hunt yesterday set aside the de
cision he rendered two weeks aga in the
suit brought by Isaac Trumbo against M.
M. Estee to recover $8000 loaned to the
Superior Judge of the Territory or" H
on a promissory note. At the time the
Judgment was given In favor of Trumbo,
Estees attorney was not present in court
arid it now transpires, according to a
number of affidavits riled yesterday, that
through a misunderstanding of a tele
phone message sent by Trumbo, by the
clerks in the office of Estees lawyers,
the legal representatives of Estee thought
that the case would not come up for m
week from the day the message was sent.
Consequently, when the matter was
brought up Trumbo's lawyers had it all
their own way. The matter will be tried
a^ain next wppk.
112
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York stock market doing better again.
Sihcr continues to shade off. Sterling Exchange higher.
Wheat futures slightly firmer. Barley still apathetic.
Oats and Corn unchanged. Large purchase of Rye.
Colored Beans weak and white kinds firm and wanted.
Bran and Middlings lower. Hay plentiful and weak.
Potatoes firm and Onions steady.
Butter still dragging under liberal stocks.
Eggs as previously quoted. Cheese firmer.
Nothing new m Dried Fruits.
Meat quotations as before.
Turkeys plentiful and lozvcr. Game unclianged.
Fresh Mexican Limes on the market. Grapes dragging.
Local stocks and bonds dull.
Weather Report.
<120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 15—5 p. m.
. The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfalls in l*t twenty-four
hours:
>< . Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours Season. Season.
Eureka 34 7.12 8.74
Red Bluff 44 4.6S 3.75
Sacramento 06 2.74 1.92
tan Francisco 22 . 2.53 . 2.12
Fresno 02 1.67 .49
Independence Trace 1.09 .81
San Luis Obispo 04 3.94 1.93
Los Angeles 00 2.44 .26
Ban Diego 00 • .75 .30
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston ! Omaha 46-20
Cincinnati 44-30 Duluth 30-16
Washington 46-32 j Salt Lake City.... 54-54
Jacksonville 63-52 Chicago 38-26
New York 44-SC St. Louis 52-28
Kansas City E4-21 Philadelphia 4S-3i
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
Cl, minimum 52, mean 58.
THE COAST RECORD.
182 C 5 3
*> HBH= g, =T 2» *
,' o <• m « H. • Jj 2.
STATIONS. = .3. 3 = ??.<-. * o §
; | jilSllf r I
: s
Astoria 29. M 46 SE Pt Cldy .OS
Baker 29.5*2 56' 38 SE Cloudy 0
Carson 30. C0 5S 34 BW Clear .01
Eureka 29.94 56 40 SB Cloudy .26
Fresno 30.04 72 '44 S\V Clear .02
Flagstaff.... 39.26 52 36 feE Clear 0
Pocatello, 1dah0. ..30. 04 58 SO BH Cloudy 0
Independence 29.94 €6 34 i~E Clear T.
Los Angeles 30.04 72 4S W Pt Cldy 0
Phoenix 33.04 78 46 E Clear 0
Portland 29.52 52 34 BE Cloudy .flt
lied Bluff 28.% 16 44 SE Rain .44
Roscberg 29. fc6 38 S Pt Cldy .(3
Sacramento 30.02 CS <0 BW Pt Cldy .06
Salt Lake 30.11 CO 3i t?E Cloudy 0
Kan Francisco 30.06 60 S2 S\V Ft Cldy .16
Can LulsCbispo...3o.l2 66 44 c pt Cldy .01
San Diego 30.04 €6 56 XW Clear C
Seattle 25.7S BILSt-'S Cloudy .CS
Spokane 29.8S TO 32 E Cloudy 0
Xcahßay 24.62 54 So S Cloudy .16
Walla Walla 25.7S 62 32 S Cloudy 0
"Winnemucca 2?. 94 C 2 20 S Pt Cldy m
Tnu ...25.56 &2 52 N Clear 0
San Francisco. 7 a. m.. temperature Z2 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure- has risen slightly along the
coast of Northern California, but has fallen
generally over the Reeky Mountain region and
urd to the Sierras and the Cascades.
A well marked dis-turbance overlies Washing
ton and Oregon and will probably move slowly
.¦.a;n has fallen from the Tc-
hachapi northward.
:.iade at San Francisco for thirty
?rr.ber 16:
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weather
Saturday, With showers; fresh southerly
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, pussibiy showers; light
BOMtberly wines.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday, probably showers;
- lUthorly winds.
&vi ftmwelmeo and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Saturday, probably showers; :r<?eh
•outherl; winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Hew York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— There were further
efforts by professional bears during the early
hours of to-day's stock market to renew the
decline in prices which was in lorce yesterday,
but the evidence was pretty conclusive that
the urgent gelling to realize protits was com
pleted and tVe bears renewed the covering at
Aorta which was a feature of the last hour of
yesterday's market, he demand to cover short
contracts was a considerable factor all day
in the strength of the market, but there were
evidences here and there or a renewal of the
speculation lor a rise or of buying of a sub
stantial character for reasons not disclosed.
This was notably true in the local traction
group. Metropolitan Street Railway rising 1%
and Brooklyn Transit 1%. The buying of the
Reading stocks was on a large scale and caused
sympathetic strength in most of the other coal
ers. The copper stocks made strong recoveries
to the accompaniment of p- ">rts of improving
conditions in the trade. Amalgamated Copper
was lifted over ( points and Anaconda 1%.
There was also an advance of 3>4 In American
Smelting and of nt in the preferred. The Pa
cific Coast stocks made notable recoveries from
recent heavy declines and there were points
of decided strength among the Southwestern*.
The more cheerful prospect in the money mar
ket was the dominant influence in the re
covery of stocks. The fact that no cold was
engaged for export to-morrow relieved an ap
prehension on that score. The market closed
firm at considerable net gains scattered through
the list. •
The railroad bond market was moderately ac
tive and irregular in its changes. Total sales.
53.275,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last rail.
' NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales Hisrh Low Close
Atchison . 1&.400 &</% 75% 80%
Atchison cfd 4.300 101 100% 100%
Baltimore & Ohio 6,100 107% 106% 107%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd . 94%
Canadian Pacific 1,500 114* 113% 1141*
Canada Southern 300 83 52% &2»*
Chesapeake & Ohio 5,200 47 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton 200 38% 3: 38&
Chicago & Alton pfd.... SOO 78% 78 7si,
Chgo Ind & Louisville.. 4.500 46«% 43% 46%
Chgo Ind & Louis pfd... 600 74 74 73a?
Chgo & Eastern 111 4.500 46% 45% 46»i
Chgo •. «re?t Western.. 3,500 26 or, |s£
Chgo & GW A pfd 200 B*l4 gSV. 89%
Chgo &G W B pfd 200 50% 60 49
Chgo v Northwestern .... 210
Ohgo H I & Pacific 700 1474 146U 147%
Chgo Terminal &. Trans 700 204 20 '" 20
Chgo Ttrm & T pfd 1,900 37% 38% 36%
C C & St Louis 300 99% 98% 59%
Colorado Southern 200 13% 5? n
Colo Southern Ist pfd £,£
Colo Southern 2d pfd... 400 2;% 23% 25Vi
Delaware & Hudson 300 170% 170V4 171
Delaware. Lack & W .. 235
Denver & Rio Grande... 200 46 46 43«4
Denver & R G pfd 1,000 95 941, 94%
Erie 13.200 42 41\ 41%
Erie let pfd 8,700 72% 72% 72V
Erie 2d pfd 3.100 59% 58% 59%
Great Northern pfd 4.800 199,,, 19S>* 188% i
Hocking Valley 2,700 G2% Cl ' V*
Hocking Valley >M 2.200 80% 79 7914
Illinois Central 1,500 139% 138% 139
lowa Central SOO 41% 41 41
lowa Centre"! pfd 100 77 77 76 '
Lake Trie & Western 70
Lake Erie & W pfd 130
Louisville & Nashville.. 9.700 106% 105% 106%
Manhattan Elevated ... 68.300 130% 128% 130%
Metro-olitan St Ry.' 38.500 ¦ I<>9% , 164% 169%
Mexican ' Central L M 22% 22 22%
Mexican National .. I.ooft 14 13% "\13%
Minn & St Louis R.OOO 109 108 lOS'A
Missnnrl Pr.c'fle • 6,000 i«2'4 100% 101
Mo, Kans & Texas 20%
Mo Kuril & Texas pfd.. 300 K3% f.S a
Now Jersey Central 500 174 172 • 174
New York Control <..7fm Ifi2', v,\ lfi2%
Norfolk & Wostern 2,100 57% 57 "7
Norfolk £• '"Vstem nfd 81
Northern Pacific pfd.... 4.?00 10014 10014 100 V,
Ontario & Western 7.200 3<% 34 34%
Prpnirylvania ... S.? 00 14f 14F.U 1451,4
riea<llng , Tfi.ioo 4K\ 45 46
Reading let pfd 4.900 78% 7R 75%
R^n<lin»r ?<1 pfd 22.7^0 ?.- 55« sfio^
c Louis /- San Fran 3.200 si 49 80%
ft Louis AS F let pM ]00 si v 4v 4 sii/ 81
Pt Tyrol* *« F M nfd. 400 70% €9% 70U
¦t Louis western .. ..„ 28 ¦
St Louis South pfd 1.500 60% 594 ~60%
St Paul 18,600 170% 169% 170%
St Paul pfd. 189
Southern Pacific 13,100 61 ' 60% 60%
Southern Railway 5.900 33% 33% 33%
Southern Railway .pfd.. 900 90% 90% 90%
Texas & Pacific 300 40% 40% 40%
Toledo. St L & West *.... 20%
Tol. St L & W pfd 34%
Union Pacific 64.800 106% 101% 10b%
Union Pacific pfd 5,200 92% 91% 92%
Wabash 1.500 20% 20%. 20%.
Wabash pfd 300 3S 37% 37%
Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 200 18% 18% 19
Wheel & L E 2d pfd 31
Wisconsin Central 300 21% 21% 21%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 300 42% 424 42
Express companies —
Adams - 186
American •• 202
United States 100 94 94 94
Wells-Fargo 185
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper .. 37,800 88% 86 87%
Am Car & Foundry.... 2.SCO 27% 27 27%
Am Car & Foundry pfd 1,100 53% 83 83%
A m Linseed Oil 13
Am Linseed Oil pfd 45
Am Smelting & Refln... 22,200 47% 44% 46%
Am Smelt & Refin pfd.. 4,690 99 97 98
Anaconda Mining Co 2.400 35% 344 35 .
Brooklyn Rapid Tran... 23,300 69% 07% 69%
Colorado Fuel & 1r0n... 500 93% 924 9£
Consolidated Gas 5,900 221 215% 220%
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 117 117 116
General Electric 500 25$ 256% 258
Glucose Sugar 100 42 42 41%
Hocking Coal ' 144
International Paper .... 100 20% 20% 20%
International Pap pfd.. 200 764 76% "64
International Power 800 884 87 88%
Laclode Gas 74%
National Biscuit 92%
National Lead 100 19% 19% 13
National Salt 32
National Salt pfd 62 i
North American 100 93% 93% 94
Pacific Coast 1.500 704 64% 69%
Pacific Mail 600 47 46% 47%
People's Gas 11,100 104% 103 103"s
Pressed Steel Car 10.600 44% 43% 44
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 3,200 87% 854 874
Pullman Palace Car 21S
Republic Steel 600 16 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd Ml 6S"£ 68% 684
Sugar 7.400 120% 118% 119%
Tennnessee Coal & Iron 3,700 63% 614 63
Union Bag & Paper Co 11
Union Bag & P Co pfJ 72
United States Leather..- 2.100 12% 1174 12%
United States Leath pfd 300 81% 80% 81%
United States Rubber... 500 13% 15% 15%
United States Rub pfd 49%
United States Steel 7.900 43% 43% 43%
United States« Steel pfd. 3.700 93 92% 92%
Western Union 12,400 924 89% 90%
Total sales 674.600
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2« reg ICB% L & N Uni 45......1C2%
Do ref 2s c0up. ..108% Mexican Cent 45... 83
Do Ss reg 108 I Do Ist mc 29%
Do 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 45... 103
Do new 4s reg...l3'J MX& T4s 100%
Do new 4s c0up. 139 : Do 2d5. ........... 82%
Do old 4s reg 112% N T Cent lsts 1C5%
Do old 4s c0up.. .112%| Do gen 3%s 108%
Do 5s reg 107 N J Cent gen 55. ..131%
Do 5s coup 107 Northern l ac 45. ..105%
Atchison gen 45... .1034' Do 3s 72%
Do adj 4s 93% N *: W con 4s 102%
B & O is 103% Reading Gen 45.... 99%
Do 3%s 96% St L & I M con 55. 116%
Do cony 4s 107% S L & S F 4s 95
Canada Sou 2d5....1P5% St L SW lsts 97%
Cent of Ga 5s 106 j Do 2ds 804
Do Ist mc 73 ! S A & Ar Pass 4s. 88%
Ches & Ohio 445.. 106 ; Southern Pac 45... 94%
Chic & Alton 3%5.. 86% Southern Ry 55. ...120%
C D & Q new 45... 98% Tex & Pac 15t5.. ..120%
C M & S P gen 45.110% Tol St L & W 45.. 82
C & KW con 75.. .138% Union Pac 4s 106
C R I&P 4s IM'u, Do cony 4s 107
CC & S L gen 45.1C4% Wabash lsts .118
Chic Term 4s >88%; Do 2ds 1104
Colo Sou 4s 88%! Do Deb B 60
D & R G4s 102 i West Shore 45.. 112%
Erie prior lien 45.. 994 W & L E 4s 92%
Do gen 4s 89 Wis Cent 4s 88
F W A: D C 15t5... 107 . Con Tobacco 45.... 64%
Hocking Val 445.. 107 >
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 43 Ontario ....9 50
Breece 1 00 Ophir " 73
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel... 06|PotosI 04
Con Cal & Va...>.l 55 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra.... 10 j Sierra Nevada OS
Horn Silver 190 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 1 60 Standard 3 73
Leadville Con 0C
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— U S Steel 43%
Call loans ...: 3%54 Do prefd 93
Time loans 4@4% Mining— ,
Bonds— I Adventure 23
Atchison 45.. 102 Allouez 4%
Gas lsts 78 i Amalgamated 87%
Mexican Cent. 4s.. 80 I Baltic 43
N E Gas & Coke.. 534 Bingham 294
Railroads— I Calumet & Hec1a..655
Atchison 80 Centennial 17%
Do pfred 100% Copper Range ...:. 604
Boston & Albany. .2s9 Dominion Coal 47
Boston & Maine... lS2 Franklin 16
Boston Eleveated..l6l isle Royale 23V.
N V NH & H....213 Mohawk 41%
Fitchburg prefd ..143% Old Dominion .:... 23%
Union Pacific 105% Osceola 99
Mexican Cent 22 Parrot 36%
Miscellaneous Qulncy 155
Amer Sugar 119% Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Amer T & T 137 Tamarack 275
Dom Iron & Steel. 26% Trlmountain 43
Gen Electric 2574 Trinity 27
Mass Electric 36% j United States 15%
Do prefd 934 Utah 224
N E Gas ft Coke.. 5% Victoria 7
United Fruit 89% Wolverine 57%
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was Idle and dull to-<la>,
despite the absence of gold exports. The gale
disturbed the telephones. The copper market
was nervous, as three months' futures are sell
ing 30 shillings under cash.
Americans were flabby, save Union Pacific.
Nt-w York bid up prices fractionally, but the
clowe was near the bottom except Erie, Read
ing and Ontario and Western.
The demand for cold from the Continent is
slackening.
CLOSING.
•LONDON. Nov. 16.— Anaconda, 7; Canadian
Pacific, 116}« ; Denver and Rio Grande, 464";
Denver and Rio Grande preferred, 964; North
ern Pacific preferred. 104%; Southern Pacific,
624; Union Pacific, 108^4; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 94. Bar silver, 28V4<J. Money, 24@3
per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— Money on call, eas
ier, et 24@5 per cent: last loan, 24 per cent;
ruling rate, 4\ per cent. Prime mercantile
4VjQS per cent. Sterling exchange very
strong with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 87%i<H 57% for demand and at $4 844®
4 S4S for sixty days. Posted, (4 854 and $4 88.
< vmmercial bills, $4 83%i(g'4 84^. Bar silver,
rfi^ic. Mexican dollars, 45c.
Bonds — Government, steady; State, steady;
railroad, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— T0-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance. $171,017,610; gold, $109, 805, 55«.
New York Metal Market. . :
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— Tin locally had r an
other decided advance . to-day on spot, chiefly
due to a corner In supplies. The market was
strong all day and the close was strong at
2T 25.
London at the start advanced £1 %d but
later reacted lCs and closed weak with' spot
quoted at £115 5s and futures at £108.
A good business was done abroad. Lead re
maine dull at home and abroad, closing at
$4 37% and £11 2s 6d respectively. .
Spelter was quiet at London and New York
closing at £16 12s M and $4 30. respectively
Iron, was quiet. Pigiron warrants, $9 60©
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
10 50 No 1 foundry. $15@16; No. 2 Southern
foundry, $14@15; No. 1 Southern foundry, $14 50
Wls oO; No. 1 Southern foundry, soft, $14 50©
16.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 55s 6d and
Mlddlesboro closed at 43s 44d.
Copper in London was 10s higher, with spot
quoted at £65 ss.
Locally the market remains dull but values
were in buyers' favor and quoted at $16 85017
for lake and $16 374(516 624 for casting:.
The production of copper during October was
the largest on record, being 24.09S tons, making
the total for the ten months 223,724 tons, as
compared with 223,387 tons for the same period
last year.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
November 14. with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentages,.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,705,544,576 8.3
Chicago 1C9.151.341 19.2
Boston 139,814,424 .... 8.1
Philadelphia 111.070.807 6.7
St. Louis 52,281,598 32.5
Pittsburg 38,471.242 12.4
Baltimore 25,304,960
San Francisco. 20.852,297 16.2
Cincinnati 19,701.100 18.4
Kansas City 20.065,073 16.2 ....
Minneapolis 21,705.473 40.3 ....
Cleveland 13.5Cr.254 14.5
New Orleans ....... 15,349,662 2.6
Detroit 13,399,674 44.7 ....
Louisville 8,801,872 5.0
Indianapolis 10,573,906 17.4
Providence 7.751.900 4.4
Omaha 6,780.065 13.7 ....
Milwiukee 6,950,289 35.4 ....
Buffalo .*». 6.659.921 8.8
St. Paul 7,093,353 12.5
Savannah 4.5C9.359 ../. 17.8
Denver 4.755.632 .... 4.6
St. Joseph 5,37G,196 38.5
! Richmond 4.065.153 0.6
i Memphis 4,557,490 .... 1.8
I Seattle 3,779.957 3.6
Washington 3.356.520 25.3
! Hartford 2,762,30" 11.2
Los Angeles 4,275.806 50.1
Salt Lake City 4.164,427 39.8
: Toledo 2.637.02S 9.0
i Portland, Or 3.558.503 39.3
Rochester 2,363,031 .... 21_«
Pcorla 2.525.563 11.4
Fort Worth 3,525,15S 51.0
Atlanta 3,021.199 12.5
' Norfolk 1,548,179 6.0
! Dcs Molnes 2.059.142 22.7
New Haven 1,813,784 .... 6.4
1 Springfield, Mass... 1,563.126 .... 2.5
Aupusta 1.445,343 .... 1.4
1 Nashville 1,6C7,055 .... 2.2
'¦ Worcester ...,, 1.656.529 8.7
! Grand Rapids 1.402,222 15.0
: Sioux City 1.451.811 15.1
: Dayton. 0 1.335,234 2.1'
Syracuse 1,391.515 8.0
Scrantcn 1,486.281 36.8 ....
Portland Me 1,721.470 30.7
ISpokane 1.466,017 18.3
Tacoma 1,433,7(W 6.6
Evansville 561.253 .... 17.0
1 AVilmington. Del... 1.722,976 27.9
: Davenport 1.356,304 51.1 ....
i Fall River 1.138,410 12.3 ....
Birmingham 1.153.632 47.5
Topeka 1.315.153 49.0
Macon 787,006 9.2
Little Rock 512.741 ....
Helena 1)33.373 7.0
Knoxvllle 833.751 25.4
Lowell 637.236 26.6
Wichita .'63.26') 14.4
i Akron G07.600 16.1
I New Bedford 668,833 34.1
Lexington 532.664 26.6
: Springfield. 11l 504,711 1.2
Binghamton 334.200 I 16.3
Chattanooga 436,811 25.5 ....
: Kalamazoo 4«2.924 17.7
Fargo 730,893 39.8
Youngstown 490.723 1.3
Springfield 0 350.674
Ro^kford 3^0.248 31.8
• anton 438,000 52.6 ....
Jacksonville 420. 1C3 41.4 ....
Sioux Falls 295.27H 57.3 ,
Fremont 133.262 4.6
Bloomington 111 257.920 31.1
Jacksonville, 111 142,667 4.0
Columbus, O.« 8,102,300 57.5
Galveston* .'... 5.244.000 24.7
Houston 11.511.267 .... 4.7
Colorado Springst.. 919,300 .... 35.4
Wheeling, W. Va.t. 811.216
Chestert 335.720
Wilkesbarret 967,306
Albany 4,102,394
Totals. U. S 2,529,867,163 9.0
Outside N. V 10.6 ..,.
CANADA.
Montreal $20,978,343 .... ....
Toronto 11.660.C50 8.1
Winnipeg 4,832,027 93.2
Halffax 1,709,090 13.8
Vancouver. B. C. .. 1.056,603
Hamilton 788,832 6.9
St. John. N. B 786,797 1.6
Victoria, B. C 459.650 .... 52.1
Quebect 1.506.052
Totals, Canada... $42,301,452 19.1
•Not included in tctals because containing
other items than clearings.
tNot included in totals because of no compari
son for last year.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— R. G. Duns Weekly
Review of Trade to-morrow will say: A few
months ago Injury to the corn crop aroused
fears that the railroads would be seriously
handicapped by the loss of tonnage, yet the
season of grain traffic has not only failed to
produce decreased earnings, but there is such
a scarcity of rolling stocks and motive power
that numerous industries are badly demoral
ized. In so far as these interests are con
cerned the reduction in corn freight proves a
blessing. Railway earnings in October were
1.3 per cent greater than last year and 21.2
per cent over IS9S, while those roads reporting
for the first week of November showed an
average gain of 9.8 per cent. A heavy demand
is reported throughout the country in all lead
ing lines of merchandise, while sales of winter
goods have attained normal proportions and
holiday business promises to surpass all rec
ords. In manufacturing there was never be
fore such well-sustained activity with con
tracts running nast the middle of next year
This is especially true in the case of steei
rails and many other products of iron while
in building material, felt, footwear and most
textile branches there is little prospect of
idleness. Money circulates freely, making col
lections satisfactory in most sections Bank
exchanges in New York for the week were $ S
per cent larger than a year ago and 3' 1 per
cent over 1899, while at other leadin* cities
the gains were 10.2 and 9.2 respectively
Failures for the week number 215 in the
United States, against 217 last year and 27 in
Canada, acainst 33 last year.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.-Bradstreefs to-mor
rcw will say:
Favorable features are still largely in the
ascendant and the current of business Is run
ning full the country, over. In some directions
Indeed, notably in the matter of forwarding of
general merchandise, grain, ore, coal, iron and
lumber, complaints of insufficient transporta
tion facilities have become more marked. Sea
sonable weather conditions East, North and
West have expanded retail trade and enlarged
reasserting orders from Jobbers. Weather
conditions at the South /lave, however net
been entirely favorable and complaints of slow
ness of collections, due to the backward cot
ton crop or the lower prices paid therefor
have been more numerous.
A favorable feature as regards this latter sit
uation, however, is the turn for the better in
prices. Following the active buying by manu
facturers some weeks ago at the East wool
has had Fustained activity at leading Eastern
and Western markets, without, however any
special gain in prices. An unfavorable feature
noted at the West is the continuance of the
drouth in parts of Kansas and Missouri, where
livestock is being rushed to market because of
insufficient water supplies.
Demand for iron end steel is heavy and near
ly all lines share In the strength. Pig iron
is active at all markets at 25 cents per ten
premium for immediate delivery. Stocks aro
smaller than a month ago. Steel billets are
also in demand and find ready sale at $28 per
ton at Pittßburg-. The rail situation Is one of
special strength, the leading Interest b»ing
reported as having its output for the year
02 booked. New rail orders at Pittsburg tins
week aggregate 100.0 CO tons, and mills in that
district are sold up to next December. No
advance in the price of rails Is looked for and
railroads not already booked are not likely
to receive their quotas much before the Ihi'o
summer. The shortage of cars restricted fur
nace operations In the Central West and com
plaints of lack of motive power In addition
are heard. Some Improvement Is looked for
when the lake movement of coal and ore stops
and cars employed therein can be released. In
woolen goods the scarcity of men's overcoat
ings has .been marked and demand in this line
is active. More orders for spring delivery are
being received by the mills. .
AMde from the strength in raw cotton, the
features have been the increased strength in
such cereals as corn and oats, due to the
springing up of a better demand, some slight
firmness # in lard, a reasonable advance in but
ter and eggs and other dairy products, and
the stimulation to prices caused by close con
trol of spot supplies. Whept and also flour
have weakened, due mainly to realizing upon
the late advance, but renewed speculative in
terest is evident on every decline, and though
prices are slightly lower on the week the tone
of the market is much better than some weeks
ago.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 4.983,734 bushels as against 5.469.145
bushels last week and 4,062.020 bushels in this
week last year. Wheat exports July 1 to date
(twenty weeks) aggregate 117.182.652 bushels, as
against 70,417,817 bushels last season.
Continued activity is noted in shoe manu
facturing and kindred trades. Eastern ship
ments are 19 per cent larger than the same
week a year ago and 14 per cent larger for the
season. Boston advices are that the strength
of the demand for spring goods will prevent
the usual between-seasons shut down. No
sign of overstocking is yet visible in the
leather and hide market.
Failures in the. United States for the week
agpregate 213. against 191 last week, 227 in this
week a year ago 199 in 1899 and 223 in 1898.
Canadian failures for the week number 30,
as against 35 last week and 25 in this week
a year ago.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,883 barrels; exports, 16,416 barrels. Fair de
mand.
WHEAT— Receipts, 45,450 bushels; spot, firm.
No. 2 red, 81% cf. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 80"/ic
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 87% cf. 0. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, SW4c t. o. b. afloat.
Options opened barely steady, reflecting bear
ish cables, but promptly recovering held steady.
There was active outside demand with very
little for sale. Closed firm at %@%c net ad
vance. May, 80 15-16c@8i%c, closed 81% c; De
cember. 79%@80 3-16 c. closed 80% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, market quiet. Cordova, 74@12c.
Coffee futures closed steady, 15 points net
higher. Total sales, 60,750 bags, including: De
cember, 6.40<§6.50c; January, 6.50@6.65c; March,
6.65©6.50 c: May, 6.55@7c; July, 7.05@7.15c; Sep
tember, 7.65(?i7.85c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet. Fair refining. 3 3-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 11-16 c; molasses sugar,
2 15-16 c; refined, dull.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2917 packages; strong.
State dairy, 15'g23c; creamery, 17@214c; June
creamery, 17%®22Hc; factory, 124@154c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6763 packages; firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 26<527c; Western candled,
24@27c; Western uncandled, 22@26c.
DRIED FRUITS'.
Evaporated apples, strong, active. State
common to good, 6@BV4c; prime, 9@94c; choice,
9V.-@9%c; fancy. 10V.C.
California dried fruits continue quiet and
about steßdy.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 84@13c; Mborpark, B@l2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ll@lSc; unpeeled, 6@9Vf>c.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— Corn traders ignored a
heavy European situation as indicated by
lower cables at the opening and started De
cember unchanged to %c higher at 59%0 to
GOy^c. The rapidly growing strength that has
manifested itself lately in the pit began to
dominate the whole board. New arrivals are
in great demand and the presence of Kansas
City grain men here bidding for caiioad
offering^ for shipment to Kansas and Okla
homa is *a dead weight to the bear argument.
New corn was bid for far beyond the supplies
at hand, No. 4 bringing 59c to 60c and No. 3
6o_ to Clc. December advanced quickly to
60% c. At this price, however, profit-taking
was popular and prices eased off somewhat.
Toward the end 01 the- session the demand
sprang up again and December closed strong,
%@%c up, at 604@60%c.
Undoubtedly the greatest support to wheat
was the strongly bullish tendency of the corn
and oats markets. Wheat opened strong, con
sidering the weaker cable list, large receipts
md only fair clearances. Early offerings v.ere
light, the outside markets were bullish and
December, which started unchanged . at 7?4c
10 72Hc quickly sold up to 72% c. High prices
resulted in considerable liquidation, but the
market stood it well. Later reports indicating
a poor condition of the winter crop and that
ireezing weather would find the grain too
weak to live brought another advance, Decem
ber closing firm, 4c up, at 72%®72%c.
The bull factors in oats were the same as
they have been for the last two days, a
strong cash market and the corn advance.
December opened 4c lower, but quickly re
covered on active buying and a short demand.
Belore noon prices had passed yesterday's high
mark. May selling at 41% c, the highest price
In seven years. Selling was scattered until
high prices influenced profit-taking. Decem
ber closed, firm, %@4c higher, at 40%®40-%c.
Provisions were quiet with an easy tone and
a fairly steady market. January pork closed
2'A / : up. January lard and ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — :. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 71%. 72% 71% 72%
December 72% 72% 72% 72%
May 75% 76% 75% 76%
Corn No. — j
November •.... .... 59Jg
December , 60% 60% .59% 60%
May 63 63% 62% 1 63%
Oats No. 2—
November 39% 404 39% 40%
December .: 41% 41% 41 41>i
Mess pork, per barrel —
January 14 90 13 00 14 824 15 00 !
May ...I .....15 10 15 224 15 05 15 20
Lard, per 100 pounds — . • - .
December. 8 45 8 50 8 45 8 50
January 8 52% 852%' 8 474 8 52%
May ....8 67 8 67% 860 8 674
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 7 674 1 67% 765 7 674
May 7 774 7 824 7 77% 7 82%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat. 67fg71'.ic: No. 2 red, 744®
74% c; No. 2 yellow corn, 62c; No. 2 oats, 414
©42% c; No. 2 white, 44%@44%c; No. 3 white,
43%<a44-4c; No. 2 rye, 604®61c; good feeding
barley. 56c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 474; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 48; prime timothy seed, $6®
G 10; mess pork, per barrel. $13 7.)@13 SO; larJ,
per 100 pounds. $8 50iff8 524; short ribs sides
(loose). $7 So®7 95; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
T^iT^c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 15@S 2b;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 31; clover, con
tract grade. $9.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 40,000 26,000
Wheat, bushels 180,000 27,000
Corn, bushels ..106,000 93,000
Oats, bushels 173,000 221,000
Rye. bushels 19.000
Barley, bushels 55,000 28,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 15@24c; dairies.,
14@20c. Cheese, 9%@104c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
23c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 i»V4 5 10%
Closing 5 94 5 11
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opeaing 20 90 22 30
Closing 20 90 22 30
Flour —
Opening 26 53 28 25
Closing 26 60 28 25
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500, including 250 Texans and 300 Westerns.
Market steady and firm. Good to prime, nom
inally, $6 25@7 25; poor to medium, $4@6 25;
stackers and feeders,. $2@4 40; cows, $1 25@4 60;
heifers, $1 50@5; canners, $1 25@2 30; bulls, $2 75
@4 75; calves, $2 50® fi 25; Texas steers, J3 30®
4; Western steers, $3 50@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 36,000; to-morrcw,
27,000; left over, 60CO. Market opened s@loc
lower; closed active and steady. Mixed and
butchers' $5 501Q5 80; good to choice heavy,
$:. fin^s 85; rough to fair heavy, $5 35(?n 65;
light, »5 25(55 65; bulk of sales. f5 55(55 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7(00; lambs, 10@15c higher.
Good to choice wethers, $3 404?4 10; fair to
choice mixed, $2 80(j?3 40; Western sheep, $3@
5 75; native lambs, |2 50@4 65; AVestern lambs,
|4 30.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Nov. 15.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1100; steady, 10c higher. Natives, S3@
U 75; cows and heifers, $1 25<f?5 10; veals, $3@
6 40; stockers and feeders, $1 50#4 35.
HOGS— Receipts, 9200; steady; light and light
mixed, $5 35@5 85; medium and heavy, £5 70®
5 90: pigs. $3 75(g5; bulk, $5 5005 85. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 400. Steady.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The cotton market
closed barely steady, 3 points lower.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. 15.— Consols. 91 13-16jr>i»l % ;
silver, 26Hd; French rentes. lOOf 80c; cargoes
on passage, firmer tendency; cargoes Nc. I
standard California, 28s 96; cargoes Walla
Walla, 2Ss 4V4d; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Nov; 15.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California, 5s lOVidtfSs lid; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, part cheaper; weather in
England, fine.
COTTON, Uplands. 4 5-16 d.
Northern Wheat Market.
•OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 15. — WHEAT— "WaIIa
Walla, 56^<S57c: valley, 57c; blue stem, 68c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 15.— WHEAT— Me higher;
blue stem, 5Sc; club, 57c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. IS.— Clearings. $457,
752; balances, $71,231.
London Hop Mirhet.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— Hops at London, Pacific
Coast, £3 ss@£3 15s.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88V* I
Sterling Cables — 4 89% ¦
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Silver, per ounce — 56%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 0 47%.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were weaker and j
Paris futures firmer. The foreign markets were '
generally unchanged.
Chicago advanced a few fractions. General
confidence In prices gave the market an up
ward tendency. Cables were disappointing, but |
were outweighed by the strong domestic situa- !
tion. The exports for the week, according to
Bradstreet's, were 4,983,000 bushels.
This market was steady as to shipping grades,
while futures were somewhat higher.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 98%c@$l ; milling,
$1 02!£@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December — 6000 ctls, $1. May —
2000, $104%; 16,000, $104%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 4ooo ctls, !
$1 00%. May— 6ooo, $1 05%.
Afternoon Session— May— l2,ooo ctls, $104%; I
6000, $1 05.
BARLEY— The long period of dullness in this ¦
cereal is apparently not yet over, as dealers ,
continue to report an apathetic market. Quo- !
tatiens have made no material change for a I
lone time.
feed. 75c for choice bright, 724@73%c for
No. 1 and 70@71%c for oft grades; brewing and :
shipping grades, 774@824c; Cnevalier. dJKs'Q ;
$1 U5 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— No sales.
becond Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2oCo ctls, 73c.
OATS— Heavy buying continues at Chicago,
the demand for the Southwest being urgent. I
The San Francisco market continues 'dull, ;
though offerings are smaller and sellers report !
values steady.
Grays, ?1 lu@l 224; whites. $1 15^1 274; Sur- :
prise, $1 30@l 324: black. $I@l 20. and r-d. !
$1 Ooljil 174 per ctl for feed and ?1 2U<SJI 25 for i
seed.
CORN — The scarcity of Corn in the West is :
emphasized by the closing down of the glu- j
cose sugar plant at Marshalltown. lowa, owing
to the lack of raw Corn. The Chicago market
continues to advance, and the heavy demand
for the Southwest continues.
This market has shown no change worthy of |
note for days. It is dull, as buyers are hold- ;
injT>f£ for larger supplies of the new crop, ex- i
pecting lower prices in consequence.
Large yellow is quoted at %\ tWg.l 30; small
round yellow, $1 25@1 30; white. $1 20^1 -35; East- I
crn Corn, nominal.
RYE— A sale of 40,000 sacks at Turlock j
Is reported. This practically cleans up the j
large holdings in that section. The market is !
firm at 75<&76%c per ctl, with a demand for j
shipment to Europe.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers'. $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
As intimated yesterday Bran and Middlings
have again declined, and are weak, with free
offerings. Other Feedstuff s show little change.
Hay continues soft, though dealers still
succeed in maintaining quotations. Arrivals
are ami>le for all needs.
BRAN— SI 6 50*517 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@20.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Jobbing, $28 50
©29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal, $31 50
@3£ Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed Feed, $17
@18.
HAY— Wheat. $9@ll 50; fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat. $S@11; Oat. $7@10; Barley and Oat.
$7@9: Alfalfa, $S®9 50; Clover. $6@7; Volun
teer. $5 C0®8: Stock, $s<g7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@474c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Bayo Beans are quotetd a shade higher, but
otherwise colored descriptions, Pink in particu
lar, are weak. White kinds are stiff, with an
advance in several. Receipts are still running
heavy, those of yesterday being 11,787 sacks.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 53; Small White, $3 10
f?3 30; Large White, $2 80® 3; Pea, $3 50@4;
Pink, ?175®2: Red, $3: Blackeye. $3 60T ; 3 7".;
Llmas, $4 60@4 75; Red Kidneys, $3 75<g"4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 40; Flax. $2 65«3 25: Canary,
3%@3V>c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, S4c;
Rape. 1%@1%c: Hemp. 34c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
<Q2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes rule firm, and whenever a change
occurs it is generally in the direction of higher
prices. There is a good demand, both for local
consumption and shipment. Three cars of Mer
ced Sweets cair.e in.
There is no further advance in Onions, but
the market is steady.
Tomatoes, continue in large supply, though re
ceipts are moderate, the demand being very
light.
POTATOES— 7O@9Sc for Burbanks, from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 40W1 60: Oregon
Burbanks, nominal; River Reds, $1 Zb^\ 40;
Sweets, 50c for Rivers and 7O(fISOc for Merced.
ONIONS— SI 35<@1 65 per ctl; Oregons, $160®
1 75: Pickle Onions. 60<&75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, I(fi3c; Los An
geles do, 4V4@6c; String Beans, 2@24c; Los An
geles do, sc; I^imas, 3@4c; Cabbage, 6<l'S7sc
per cti; Tomatoes, from Alameda, 25@75c;
Dried Peppers, 10@124c; Green Okra, 50®75c per
box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers, 50Q
GOc; Pickles, 24@3c per lb for small and lgn 2 c
for large; Garlic. Hi^i^ic; Green Peppers, 40®
50c per box for Chile and 40@50e for Bell: Ejrg
Plant, 4C@6oc per box; Summer Squash. $1@125;
Marrowfat Squash, $7f?S per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $B@lo.
Poultry and Game.
There were no receipts of Eastern Poultry,
and as those of local fowl about balanced the
demand, prices showed little change. Turkeys
were the exception, being lower. About 100
cases of dressed came in. and the demand was
insufficient to absorb them.
There was nothing new in Game. Receipts
were % sacks.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 13@17c; Live
Turkeys. 124@13c for Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $150; Goslings, Jl7sig < '-
Ducks, X-3 50<f?4 for old and $4^5 for young;
Hens, $4(fi>s: young Roosters, $4^4 50; old Roos
ters, $4<g4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers. $3 5004
for large and $3@3 50 for small ; Pipeons. $1 25W
1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50^1 75 for Squabs
GAME — Doves, per dozen. 5.1; Hare $1 25-
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for' Brush'-
Mallard, $3@3 50; Canvasback, $3@4; Sprig $2 50
W3; Teal. $2; Widgeon, $1 50@i 75; Small
Ducks, $1 50; Black Jacks. $1 25; English Snipe
$2; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3 50f?4'
White Geese, $I@l 25; Brant, $1 25'gl 50 per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market continues soft under large
stocks, and receivers are making concessions
to work off the goods.
Egss remain about the same. Ranch continue
scarce, but no further advance is noted. Ar
rivals of this grade are still light, and buyers
have to pay about what sellers choose to ask.
They purchase only from hand to mouth how
ever, as the warm, moist weather and grow
ing grass tend to Increase the production.
Cheese is quoted firm, and prices are a frac
tion higher. Stocks are fair, though som*
dealers are carrying much more than others,
the distribution being very unequal at the
moment. •'¦(:"- •
Receipts ¦ were 18,800 pounds of Butter, - —
pounds of Eastern Butter, 442 cases of Errs.
390 cases of Eastern Eggs, 40,200 pounds of Cal
ifornia Cheese and pounds of ' Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 25@26%c per 1b for
fancy and 21@23c for seconds: dairy. 17%@22%c;
store . Butter. 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub,
21@22y.c; Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Keg, lS<gl9c per
lb. ;
CHEESE— New. 12@12%c; Old. ll@U%c:
Young America, 13@13%c per lb; Eastern, 13©
15c; • • ' ¦
EGGS— Ranch, 42@43c for selected large. 40©
41c for good to choice and 37%@39c for fair;
store, 30c per dozen; cold storage, 20@27%c;
Eastern. 19@27%c. . »
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cranberries are again about cleaned out of
first hands, but fresh arrivals are expected
Monday. The market rules firm.
Arrival of 493 cases Mexican Limes. Other
wise there' is nothing new in citrus fruits.
Large berries came in late again, and hail
to go to the canners. There were no mere
Huckleberries on the market.
Grapes continued to drag, the demand being
light, with no call for shipping. The Martinez
boat was late, and most of the large packages
were carried over. Some were sold for wine.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 per box for extra, SC^Wc
for good to choice and 2b@soc for ordinary;
Lady Apples, $1 75(g2.
POMEGRANATES— 65c@$l per box.
PEARS— \\ inter Nellis, $1 25@1 50 per box;
1 common. 50@75c.
QUINCES— 2S@SCc per box.
PERSIMMONS— 6Sc@SI per box.
STRAWUERHIES-JWW per chest for Long
worths and $3®5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— S6®7 per cheat.
RASPBERRIES— S4 25@7 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None in.
HUCKLEBERRIES— None in.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $10 50@ll per bar-
I rel; Coos Bay. $3 per box.
j FlGS— sl@l 50 for double and 50c for single
| layer boxes.
GRAPES — Verdels. 25@65c per box and crate:
Tokay. C5<575c; Isabellas, 75cS$l; Muscat, 40(j)
75c: Black. 25 / S6Tic: Cornichons, 35&7Cc.
! CITRUS FHUlTS— Oranges, HHi for com
! mon $2 SCQ3 tor good to choice and $3 25 for
lancy; new Navels, $2 50<@3 25; See/Slings, Jl 25i®
2 25; Tangerines, $I@l 25; Lemons, $I@l 50 for
common and »252 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1 30(52 50; Mexican Limes, $4®
4 50; Bananas, $1 75@9 per bunch for New Or
leans and $I^2 for Hawaiian; Pineappies, $3@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The . market stands - about the same. There
may be some improvement in the demand, but
if so, it is slight. There is certainly mere
movement in Apples and Plums, both of which
are in diminished supply, and firm.
£ FRUlTS— Apricots. 7@S%c for Royals and 8©
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6%@sc; sun-dried. 3%@4%c:
Poaches, -5@7%c; Pears, 4<sSc; Plums, pitted, 4%
@6c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, j^i'j': for red
and 54Ca64c for white: Figs. 3@3%c tor black.
PRUNES— New ¦ crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 5%<g5%c: 40-sO's. 4%@5c; 50-60's. 4%©
4 ; <c; 60-70's, 3%@4c: 70-80's I>4o3Hc; SO-90's, 2%
90-100' s, 2%@24c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; rancy. $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown. $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose — Four-crown. 4%c; three
crown, 4%c; two-crown. 3%c: Seedless Musca
tels, 4%c; Seedless Sultanas. 5%c: Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, s4
choice. 74c; standard, 6%c; prime, 54c; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompsons —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, ac; stan
dard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded. 6%c;
choice seeded, 5%c. ,
NUTS— Chestnuts, S«l24c: Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 94c; No. 2, 74c; No. 1 hardshsell, 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10©
lie for softshell %md s©6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts. s<@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. U#l3e; Cocoanuts,
$3 5C&5. •«.
HONEY— Comb. 125124 c for bright and 13©
14 c for light amber; water white extracted.
s(Ji6c: light amber extracted. 4Q5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— per lb.
Previsions,
Chicago was a shade higher on the day. but
there wert a good many sellers, and Armour's
selling of Lard weakened that description.
There was no change in this market, which
continued dull and easy.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 114 c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light.
ile for extra light and 144<-" for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 124 c; Mess Beef, $10<gl0 50 per barrel;
extra Mess. $ll@ll s'">; Family. 112fn2 30; prime
Me=s Pork. $15; extra clear. $22 50<@23; Mess.
$18 qC@l9; Smoked Beef, 13S*il*c per lb.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at Sc per lb for
compound and 104 c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 10% c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
2-lb tins. 114 c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10% c; three
half-barrels, lCc; one tierce, 9"« c; two tierces,
&%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 14c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 94c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 94c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 17c: Culls. 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 18@19c; Culls and
Brands. 15@16c; sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c
each; short Wool, 40@60c each; medium. 50#
75c; long Wool. Socfflsl 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 50<@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for me
dium, $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 73 for large. $1 25@l 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
50«: medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6%c; No. 1 rendered, 5@
s>oc per lb: No. 2, 4@44c: grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 to 1901— Southern, defec
tive, 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine, 13®
15c; do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice. ll(g]3c; do, fair to good, 9®
lie; Nevada, 10<§12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 64i@S4c: San Joaquin
Lambs', 74@9c: Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9<gloc; do. defective. S@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 9@loc for fair and ll®l3c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is nothing new. Supplies of all de
scriptions about balance the demand, and quo
tations remain as before.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and s@6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Bc; small, B§9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@74c; Ewes. 64@7c per
pound.
LAME— 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 130 to 250 lbs. 5«4c;
under 150 lbs, 5%@54c; sows. 20 per cent off.
boars 30 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Uogs,
74@8%c.
General Merchandise.
, ' ¦ ¦;. • ,; . ¦ • ¦
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c: local
make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Bc; Fruit Bags, 5%©
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, *9; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 50,
Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative
Wallsend. $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15;
Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand. ;
OlLS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
74c: raw, 72c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels ; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c'; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c; cases. 75c: Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 40@43c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels. 37% c; cases. 42% c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels, 63V;C for Ceylon and 58% c for Aus
tralian. »"
: COAL OlL— Water White Coal 1 Oil, in bulk.
134 c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c; Star!
20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene, 22c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in ¦ bulk, 15c; ¦in
cases. 214 c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
204 c; S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases'
26% cv " ¦ . ... -
TURPENTINE— per gallon In cases and
52c in drums " and iron barrels. .'.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90 c; Pow
dered. 4.75 c; Candy ' Granulated, 4.75 c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65 c; Confectioners' A. 4.63 c; Fruit
Granulated, 4.65 c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45 c; Magnolia A. 4.25 c: Extra C. 4.15 -
Golden C, 4.05 c; ,D, 3.95 c: barrels, 10c more :
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos half
barrels, 5.15 c; boxes. 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar "
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 15
Flour, qr sks 23.056 Straw, tons i*
Wheat, etls 28.142 Hops: bales 5
Barley, ctls I0O.:(2.'. Wool, 3ks
Corn, ctls 125 Wine, gals ...I'.] 43*50
Rye, ctls 4flO Brandy gals
Sugar. ct!s 5.529 Ltutner. rolls'"
Tallow, ctls 223 Powder, car
Beans, sks 4,7:7 Lime, bbls
Potatoes, sks .... 4.65« Raisins, bxs
Onions, sks 305 Chicory, bbls r>
Bran, sks 1.5451 Pelts, bdls ...... 11l
Middlings, sks .. 32G Hides. No «M
Hay, tons iZt 1 , Quicksilver. Halts U
AUCTION ' SALES
£5 INITIAL SALE £*
OF -.Vi
FINE CARRIAGb and DRIVING HORSES
I will se!l
NEXT TUESDAY, November 19, I*l,
about 30 head of horses, Including I elegant
carriage .teams, perfectly matched, stylish and
gentle, consigned by E. M Skinner. Esq.. cf
San Rafael. R. M. Eaton. Esq., of Santa Cruz,
and others. Also carriages. buggies, ' roal
wagons, etc.. besides elegant seta of double
and single harness. Sale will commence at 12
o'clock noon sharp. Positively no reserve.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. 721-723
Howard street, near Third.
WILLIAM G. I- A V I : . Auctioneer.
. M
fe THOROUGHBREDS ! &
'Property of J. Naglee Burk. Esq.)
I On Thursday, November 21, and Tuesday. No-
vember 2S. 1901. 1 will hold dispersal sales of
all the thoroughbred stallions, brood mares (ii»
foal), yearlings, two-year-olds and three-year-
olds by Crescendo. St. Carlo, imp. Golden Gar-
ter, Drum Major. Flambeau and Brioso. Th«
mares are by Wlldldle. Three Cheers. Flood.
Racine, Joe Daniels, Hidalgo, Fetterlock. St.
Savior. Tomahawk. Kyrle Daly. John Happy.
Duke of Norfolk. Foulshot and Bellicose Cata-
logues ready. Watch this column for further
particulars.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 Howard St., near Third. S. T.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
SsMUST BE SOLD.fes
AUCTION SALE
Of 50 head of BROKEN DRIVING and WORK
HORSES. 950 to 1700. consigned by John Bur-
gan, Tulare. on Monday, Nov. IS, at 11 a. m. at
185 VALENCIA ST.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Live Stock Auctioneers.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are still dearer. Butter and Cheese
are unchanged, but the former is getting
cheaper in the wholesale markets.
Poultry and Game are about as quoted la»t
week. The former is plentiful, while the lat
ter is still above the purse of the ordinary
housekeeper.
The rains are finishing up the summer fruits
and summer vegetables are nearly done for as
far as the nearby product is concerned. The
southern part of the State is now beginning to
send in Green Peas and String Beans, how
ever, so there will be no break in supplies.
In meats. Hams and Bacon are a litti*
cheaper. Fresh meats are as before.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ ©13 «0* Southfield
Wellington .. an no Wellington *— ©11 00
Seattle ..... ©8 50 Coos 8ay.... — « 700
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, 5q.55@60 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 45<g>5u / dozen 454134
Packed, per 1b. . . 25#~ Eastern Eggs — <S3O
Cheese. Cal 13@17 HoLey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. . .17'g!2u I pound lo®
Cheese. Swiss 20#»« Do. extracted....
Common Eggs — ®33-
Meats, per pound-
Bacon ... 14@lSRound Steak ..10t>b
ef, choice Una 1., 1 Sirloin Steak 12®—
Do. good Wo— Tenderloin d 0... 15®—
Corned Beef HWr- Porterhouse d0..17%«2»
Ham Smoked Beef 17020
Lard — <s*loi Pork, salt 10®U4 '
Mutton B@M»iPork Chops .... —(315
m k b ;•••;." :. : 12 ! Porlc . Sausages.. 12%® 15
Pork, fresb Mi— l Veal 12®—
Poultry and Game—
gens, each 50@73 1 Rabbits, each 15.320
\uur.^ Roosters. Hare, each ... — ©->0
each So#z; [English Snipe, per
Old Roosters, ea..50@60! dozen $3 50@—
fryers, each 50@63 [ Jack Snipe... sl 7Sd__
3rollers, each — ; 11 Mallard, pair.sl 2S§l 50
Turkeys, per 1t)... IS@22' Sprig, pr pair.73c®Sl O»
Ducks, each 'ZcQil Teal, per pair 50@60
! seese, each... sl 50@l 75 Widgeon, pr palr.so<&6o
: Pigeons, pair *0©5»l Sm-.1l Duck, pair.4o^so
: Squabs, per pair.. — @60 Wild Geese. pr.7sc©sl "0
Doves, per doz..— 31 25i3rant. each 25©3S
Fruits and Nuta—
Alligator Pears, Limes, doz —910
each 35®V> Logan Berries, per
Almonds 15@20 drawer —©50
Apples ¦*& 5 Lemons, do» 20rcSSJ
Bananas, doz 15<325 Pears, lb ....... B®l2*i
blackberries, dwr.4oig'oO Pineapples, each.l4ooso
Cranberries, qt — — 4?li Pomegranates, da. 40060
Cocoanuts. each... —^O Persimmon*, doz —
Chestnuts, per lb.l-i<i*2o Quinces, per 1b..! 3& 5
Figs, per lb 20®— Raisins, per. 1t>...'5@15
3rapes, per lb 6@ S Raspberries, dwr.4o@aO
Grape Fruit. <ioz. 50 Strawberries, per
Huckleberries. drawer 30SGO
.per lb 124@15; Walnuts, per 1b...15@20
Vegetables— ¦>.-.'•'
Artichokes, d0z...40@60 Leeks, doz bchs...ls@*o
Beets, doz 10®— Okra. green, 1b..8®12%
Beans, white, lb.. 6@ — Green Peppers, Ib 5@ 3
Colored, per lb.. 5@ - Potatoes, per lb.. 2@2%
Dried Lima. lb.. 6@ 8 Sweet Potatoes, lb 2© 4
Green Lima. lb. 6@> 8 Parsnips, pr doz.. lo©—
Cranberry Beans.. 6@— Radishes, dz bchs. 15020
Cabbage, each — s@—| Sage, doz bnchs..2s@3<>
Celery, neaC s@—| String Beans, lb.. 6© 3
Cress, doz bnchs. 15 1|20 Summer Squash.
Cucumbers. d0z. ..150*20! per pound 6© I
Egg Plant, 1b.... 6® 8 Sprouts, per 1b.... «*» 4
Garlic 4$ 6 Spinach., per 1b... s©—
Green Peas. 1b.... 6© 8 Thyme, doz bcha.2s@3O
Lettuce, per d0*. . 1.V*82« Turnips, per doz.. lo©—
Mushrooms.. pr lb.2o@3Oj Tomatoes, per lb. . 4© %
Onions, per 1b.... 2© 3,
Flsa—
Carp — 3 Sea Bass 12%®—
Catfish 10©— Smelts 1244 13
Codfish 12015 Soles B@lo
Flounders B©lo Skates, each 8© 10
Halibut 12M-ftlo i Squid • — © —
Herring &§— Tomcod ...12%©15
Mackerel lo'cu-- Turbot 15325
Do, horse 10©— j Trout 20©23
Perch 8010 Brook Trout — ©75
Pompino 40@50 Whiteflsh 10©—
Rockcod 12%@13 Clams, gallon 50© —
Rockflsh 10@12% Do. hardshell, lb 8010
Salmon, fre5h.. .12%@15 Crawfish 84 10
Do. smoked 15®25 Crabs, each ....12%@15
Sardines 10©— Mussels, quart — •
Shrimps — ®1C Oysters. Cal. 100..40©50
Shad 10<8>— , Do. Eastern, dz.23©40
Striped Bass 12%@13
STOCK MARKET.
All classes of stocks were quiet and feature
less on the exchanges and quotations showed
no .actuations worthy of comment.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Contra Costa Water, 42c, or $20,592 92; Port
Costa Water, 30c. or $1500; Oakland Gas, 25c.
or $7500; Oakland. San Leandro and Hay wards
Railroad. 20c, or $1800; Presidio' Railroad. 20c.
or $2000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Nov. 15—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up..112%113 4s qr cp (new). 139 133%
4s quar reg — U2%1X2 3s quar c0up.. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CP C ss. 107 — ; Oceanic S3 59.104% —
Cal-st 5s 117%— Omnibus C 63.129% —
C C Water 55. 11 l — Pac G Imp 4s. — ' 98
Ed L& P 65.. — — Pk 4C H 65.. — 113
Fer &Cl H Ss. - Vi: Pk. &O R Bs.. 121 -
Geary-st 55.... — 100 Powll-3t R 65.1 lS T /»12O
HC & S 5%5.. — — Sac EG R ss. 944109
Do 5s 99%— SF&SJVSS.I23 —
Los Ang R 55. 118 — Sierra Cal »s. — —
L A Light 6s. 101% — SP of Ariz 6a
Do gntd 65. .100 — (1909) 113*4 —
Do srntd 55. .102% — (1910) 11*% —
L A & P 55. .102% — S Pof Cal 6s
Do 1c m ss. 101 103 (1903). Ser A.IOS —
Mkt-st Cab 65.127%125% (1905). Ser 8.109 109%
Do 1c m ss. - 123% (1906) 110% —
M R of Cal 65.112% — (1312> 119% —
Do 5s 121%122% S P of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C 55. 107*4 — ! c gntd 55....10<»^ —
Nor Cal R. 05.112% — SP Br Cal 65.135 —
Oak Gas 35.... 112 — S V Water 65.111%112
Oak Trans 65.. 124 - Do 4s M2»iir>?»i
Do Ist c 55.. 112% — Do Is. 3d m. — 102%
Oak Wat g ss. — 103 Stktn Gas 65.. — 103%
/ WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa.. 76% 76%|Port Costa..... 63% 66
Marine County. 58 — I Spring Valley. 89 SOft.
' GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent Lft P... 2S— Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3 3% Sacramento ... 23 —
Mutual - 44 slilSFGft «••• :«% 44
Oakland 51%- (Pan Francisco. I 5%
Pac Gas Imp. 40 42 1 Stktn G 4 E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 240 — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 78% 82 ,L P & A......180 m
California ....407 - IMer Ex (llq).. W Jl%
Cal Safe Per ''" v « — S F National.. l3o — . ¦
First National 3:5
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1325 — Say A Loan... — 90
Humboldt - - Security Sar..2BS r»
Mutual Say... 63 — I ion Trust. .l 800 _
S F Sr.v C. Mi — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....135 - OS LA H... 40 -
Geary '••—•——' M Presidio 34 —
Market ...'...•• ** *3
POWDER. m~3&
Giant -.. 34 84%IVigorlt * 4% 5
SUGAR.
Hana — 3 iKllauea 11 —
Hawaiian 37% 30 Makawell — »
Honokaa 12413 .Onomea • 24% —
Hutchlnson ... 13% 14 Paauhau 12%. IS
Continued on Page Fifteen.UNCLE SAM ASKS
FOR A TRANSFER
Wants Tidal Canal Case
Tried in Circuit
Court.
Asserts That Defendants Are
Residents of Other
States.
Oakland Office Sen Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 15.
Taking the ?riund that the defendants
ere residents of places outside of the lim
its of this State, the United States Gov
ernment filed a petition to-day asking
that the ait brought by Mrs. Emilie G.
Cohen against .lie Atlantic, Gulf and Pa
ciSc Company and Colonels Heuer ami
<:.g.neer corps of the
:iited States army for an alleged Intru
sion upon her property within the lines ot
the proposed Alameda. tidal canal ¦be
transferred to the United States Circuit
Court.
In the petition, which is presented by
lid ward J. Banning, acting for United
Stales District Attorney Marshall IS.
Woodwcrth, the statement is made that
Colonels Heuer and Mackenzie are resi
dents, respectively, of Missouri and thij
District of Columbia, «a.nd that the con
tracting corporation lias its principal
place of buslnes in West Virginia, where
it was organized. Th»» oGvernment as
serts also that ii is owner of the prop
erty in aispute, and denies the title of ui.s
piamtiff to the premises described in her
plaint, alleging that the ownership
was seized by me positioner by virtue >>l
a. decree of condemnation made by tr.»
siuperior Court of Alumeda County on
{September 22, ISM.
Opposition to the liling of the petition
came from Alfred H. Cohen, attorney for
Mrs. Cohen, on the ground that it was
not accompanied by a proper oorwi. tm<.
Judge Halt gave the Government's attor
ney time to moduee the required paper,
and postponed notion until next Friday.
Mrs. Cohen t^eeks to prevent the Gov
ernment from . x<;iv.uing on land project
ing into the proposed tidal canal, which
she claims belongs to her and has never
been paid for. After Use condemnation
1 proceedings her late husband refused to
accept the $-100 awaided to him tor the
property, alleging that it was not his.
%LV. WILLIAM NAT FRIEND
BEGINS REGULAR PASTORATE
TJn£ii.iinously Called to the First
Presbyterian Cliurch at Golden,
Colo.
WLAND, N< v. 15— Rev. William Nat
of Postmaster W. H.
his cuy. has received a unani
ihe First Presbyterian
-#n, O 10.. and on the first
he will be installed
church.
K»»\ *s been preaching at
i .- live months, and so im
¦ did he become in the re
•he Colorado town that
to issue a call to him,
c at which the matter
largest ever held in
c was absolutely
:¦. Nat Friend is better
he is even in Col
: the University
there was the
> '-iated Students, and
a leader in all of the university life. He
studied at the Hastings College of
• as admitted to practice at the
¦i. He then took
rse at the San Anselmo Theological
inished at Princeton and
w about to begin his first regular
Hastings Wins Debate
X v. i:,.— The sixth annual
ih<- Hastings College of
<1> the students'
f the university was heid to
:-laU.:-IaU. It resulted in a vie-
Ine team representing the for
from Hustings were Wal-
J. L. Kennedy and Hugh
the congress R. S.
and M. E. Deutsch.
The subject for the debate was "Re
.t the policy of disfranchising
c South is wise." the con
• the measure not being
-=poke on the affirm-
Hastings on the negative. The
•f- Colonel George C. Edwards.
•ner and S. Golden. A large
idents attended the debate.
Servant and Money Disappear.
LEY, N«-.v. 1." — A serving wom
¦ Mrs. W. Rideout of 1639
• ft this morning without
I the fame time a purse
which belonged to Mrs.
, ar*»d. The servant was
¦i.-o from an employ-
San F.ancisco. She gave
" • Ray Stanton and was
This morning Mrs.
and on her
*^r the servant
The Stanton wom
the 10 o'clock train
» I a description of her
.on<ed to tht police across the
Funeral cf W. H. Fifield.
-LAND. Nov. 15.— The funeral of
took plac- this afternoon
-he fj mily residence
;-..id. There were many
• eas^d Ukwyi r present and"
. ers were vpf-. handsome.
¦ Tr-nth Avenue Bap
nducted tin The
• .'. nies D. Bi d. T. <".
'-. R. -Taylor. Robert Harrison,
•rbuf? Bartleti. Warren Olne\ W W
' H. Rix<
Police "Want a Woman-Beater
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— James Green,
brother of "Sol. Her" Green, a prizefighter
is a fugitive from the police. Last night
during an altercation with Mrs. Kate
"VVestley at Third street and Brcfedway
Green struck the wor.ari on the head wltn
a brass lamp, inflicting a serious wound
Green got out of jail only last Tuesday
He had been arrested for beating a man
named Petersen, who, however, was
afraid to swear to a complaint against his
assailant.
Will Lay Church Cornerstone
15.— The cornerstone
.¦man English Lutheran Church.
¦ '(-6 al Mas^r, *md Grove Mreet<=,
aid Sunday aiternoon at 3 o,' clock.
B W. J. Lanpe, the pastor of the
w til perform trie ceremony. Rev.
t Oakland will preach in
¦ v. J. H. Wine in English.
gregation has been holding ser
• h Berkeley hall for some
Thank W. W. Foote.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15.— The Board of Free
Library Trustee? has passed a resolution
of thanks to W. W. Foote for five framed
etchings of the birthplace of Shakespeare
presented to the library. •
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES,
¦WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— The Navy Depart
ment to-day ordered the final acceptance of the
torp»do-boat Bailey.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— Burglars broke into
the Spring National Bank at Manaequan. >:.
J.. «arly to-day and carried away $4000.
CITY OF MEXICO Nov. 15.— the dele
gates to the Pan-American Congress except Mr.
Harrett of the United States left on an ex-
to Puc-bla and other southern points
this afternoon.
OTTAWA. Ontario; Nov. 15.— Sir Henry
Ftrcnff was to-day eworn in as Administrator
of the Dominion during the absence of Lord
XJlnto, the Governor General. This is the first
time a Canadian has served in* that capacity.
Heretofore the commander of the British forces
et Halifax has acted in the absence of the
Governor General.
y^Jho farmers have a bright In this dry
seffSon to post guards ,i every country
road to confiscate all ... matches found
cs travelers. y '
MAKES A HIT WITH
KING OF CAMBODIA
Dentist, Who Is a Graduate of the University
of California, Travels iooo Miles to Re
pair and Pull Molars of Royal Sufferer
OAKLAND* Nov. 15.— Dentist to the
King of Cambodia— that is the
office which an Oakland boy, an
alumnus of the University of
California, was recently commis
sioned to fill. Dr. Paul T. Carrington is
the name of the physician who was part
and parcel of the retinue of an Easter.i
potentate, and he is a son of the Rev.
John Carrington of Siam and Mrs. S. K.
Carrington of 1285 Castro street, Oak
land. He filled the office and the Kings
teeth to such a nicety that he came away
under a shower of commendations and
¦with a medal on his breast.
Since his graduation from the State
University in 1597 Dr. Carrington has beer,
practicing dentistry in Bangkok, the cap
ital of Siam, where he was born twenty
five years ago. American dentistry is
away ahead of anything -else in the far
East, and the doctor's services have been
mostly required by princes and princesses
during his residence there. He has an
office in a f^ncy building on the King's
highway, which an imperial edict de
mands shall be kept aflutter with flags
all the time.
Recently King Noradome of Cambodi?.,
having heard of the fame of the Ameri
can dentist and read in the papers all
about his feats of painless extraction,
dispatched an Kmbassador to make over
tures to Dr. Carrington. These negotia
tions were carried on amid an extrava
gant unwinding of red tape, at last reach
ing accomplishment with prepayment into
the hands of the United States Minister
of the fee agreed upon.
King Ncradome Suffers Much.
Penom Penh, the capital of Cambodia,
miles from Bangkok. It took Dr.
Carrington. accompanied by his brother.
Eiirtine Carrington, five days to get there
—three days by steamer on the Gulf of
Siam and two days on the river. Dr. Car
ringtor. found King Norodome suffering
immensely from aching molars. His Ma
jesty's household was in a state of great
agitation. The King was irritable and
the servants hung on his words, fearful
of his wrath. They had tried every means
to alleviate his shooting pain.?. The
French and the Chinese dentists had
failed in their attempts to supply him
with imitation teeth. Those fitted by the
Frenchman were held with a lot of
springs, so that when the royal sufferer
talked they bounded out of his mouth or
sometimes held his ja\*.;s so he could not
close them. Those furnished by the Chi
namen were composed of ivory from the
tusks of the elephants, and they wobbled
THINKS DEUGS CAUSED
HIS SON'S DEATH
Dei-man E. Noggle Explains Circum
stances Surrounding the Case of
His Unfortunate Boy.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— The remains of B.
L. "Noggie, who committed suicide at
Olympia, Wash., on Wednesday, have
i>etn shipped to this city, which was the
young nian's home. Dorman E. Noggie,
ing clerk at the United Stated
Branch Mint in San Francisco, the un
ate suicide's father, is much dis
1 because of reports that the deed
;.used by his failure to send money
to his absent son. On the contrary, Mr.
Noggl' had supplied the young man with
money, and on the day he ended his lif<;
had sent him a draft. It is believed that
young N aggie's deed was brought about
by mental aberration due to the use of
drugs to which he became addicted after
taking them for medicinal purposes.
The funeral will be held Sunday after
noon at 2 (.Clock from Brown's parlors,
Thirteenth street, near Broadway.
Dairy Students Organize.
BERK ELK V, Nov. 15.— The studen'.s
taking the dairy course at the University
of California havo formed an association
to advance scientific research In the study
they are pursuing. An attempt will be
made to maintain the organization per
manently with the view of forming an
association of dairymen throughout tho
State as soon as graduates leave the
school to enter practical dairying. Officers
have been elected as follows: President,
O. L. Cocke; vice president, H. E. Bing
ham; secretary, R. Stenhouse; treasurer.
J. H. ftftcCorkle. There are at present two
women and thirty-five men taking the
dairy course. Besides theoretical study
the students make butter and cheese
from 12.000 to ir,.000 pounds of milk week
ly, using the latest dairying apparatus*.
About a term's work is required to com
plete the course.
German Troops Assault Chinese.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 15.-The disorderly
conduct of the German troops is causing
much trouble. Recently there have been
numerous cases of assault upon the Chi
nese police, which the German officers
seem powerless to prevent.
One-half the world smilts at the frowns
pf tee other half.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
GRADUATE OF UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA DENTAL DEPART
MENT WHO REPAIRED TEETH
OF CAMBODIA'S KING.
bo much that they gave the King a lan
tcrn-.iawed aspect. They also tied the
King's head up in poultices to reduce the
swelling, but these only succeeded in
making the martyr monarch the harder
to get along with.
Dr. Carrington's first duty was to re
move all of King Noradome's aching teeth
—a feat which gave his Royal Highness
a great deal of pleasure. The few that
were left he drilled and filled with gold
and the vacant places he supplied with
false molars and incisors. He also sup
plied him with black substitutes. The
white teeth the King exhibits when he is
in the company of white people, but when
he gets among his own race he changes
them to black. It is part of the religion
of the Cambodians to wear sable teeth,
lhat is why they chew the betel nut con
stantly. Use of the nut from childhood
puts a polish on the teeth like burnished
ebony, but It also destroys the gums, and
half the population is toothless before it
la o" years old.
During Dr. Carrington's professional
visit he was the guest of King Noradomo
In his palace. He was pretty much of a
king himself and when his employer be
gan to feel a little better they used to go
driving together in the royal coach and
four.
The King was very much impressed
with Dr. Carrington's brother and wanted
to retain him as his private secretary,
bul business engagements prevented. At
the end of two months Dr. Carrington's
mission was fulfilled. Just before his de
parture King Noradome gave a feast and
theatrical performance in his honor, when
there were great things going on. The
King wept on the doctor's neck and pre
sented him with a badge resembling the
emblem of the French Legion of Honor,
which he now wears on his breast. Each
of the brothers was given a golden cigar
holder at this royal entertainment and
thanked effusively for their many kind
nesses.
Writing to his mother of the methods
employed by Chinese, who up to a few
yean ago were the only dentists of the
Orient, Dr. Carrington says that they are
mest crude, though ingenious, and the
sufferings of the patient are most intense.
He says further:
The Cambodians are very fond of short, even
teeth ntid will suffer much to have them so.
although nature s«ems to have Intended other
wise. For this operation the patient is placed
in a reclining position, a small block of wood
being U62d as a bite block. The operator then
proceeds -with a coarse mechanic's tile to
shorten the anterior teeth, apparently not be
ing particular about wounding the patient's
mouth. If the teeth prove to be too hard for
the flle a saw is then used and with painful
destruction of the teeth and soft parts. The
operator knows nothing about nerves, but sim
ply thinks of the 30 cents (Mexican) which 's
to be his fee for the operation— lf satisfactory
to the patient. This minor operation is com
pleted in about two hours. Resardless the
Cambodians endure this operation, while they
shrink from the extraction of a loose tooth.
Dr. Carrincton is still a member of
King Noradome's staff and he is under
contract to again travel the expanse of
1000 miles whenever his Majesty's teeth
begin to ache too hard.
PARTIES TO VENDETTA
APPEAR IN COURT
George and Mike Caldarella and
George Orlando Have Cases
Continued.
Three of the participants in the vendet
ta between rival factions of the Caldarella
family appeared in Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday on the charge of assault to
murder. They were George and Mike Cal
darella and George Orlando, brother-in
law of the other two defendants.
When the cases were called Attorney
Caldv/ell for the defendants asked for a
continuance and the Judge continued the
cases till next Wednesday morning. A
large number of relatives and friends of
the defendants were in court.
The condition cf Frank Caldarella, -who
was shot by the boy George Caldarella
is very uncertain and the physicians at
the Receiving Hospital are doubtful of his
recovery. Frank Manginl, who started
the shooting at the Roylance Brass
Works, is still at large, but the police ex
pect to have him under arrest soon. Po
l -eman Mackay, at whom two shots were
fired, is on his trail.
To Hold Annual Debate.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15.-fhe an
nual debate between the Students* "Con
gress of the University of California and
the Hastings College of Law will b«
held to-night in Stiles Hall. The ques
tion for debate is. "Resolved, that th»
policy of disfranchising the negro in the
South is wise," with the proviso that the
constitutionality of the measure is not to
be considered. The congress will speak
for the affirmative and the law college
for the negative. Speakers have been se
lected as follows: Students' Congress—
R. S. Pierce, L. E. Martin and Monroe E
Deutsch. Law College— Walter Rothchild
J. L. Kennedy and Hugh O'Neill. Tho
judges will be Colonel George C. Ed
wards, Joseph T. O'Conner and S. Golden.
Bitten by a Rattlesnake.
SAX DIEGO, Nov. 15.— J. E. Reilly was
bitten by a rattlesnake near La Jolla to
day and was brought to the County Hos
pital here for treatment. It was al>«rst
thought that he would not live to reach
the city. The bite was on the hand and
that member and his arm were enormous
ly swollen. The report from the hospital
to-night, however, is that he will prob
ably recover.
TRAVEL THROUGH
DRIFTS OF SNOW
Hard Journey With Bod
ies of W. C. Giles
and Wife.
Sixteen Miners Carry Their
Charre4 Remains Over
Trails.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 15.
Through deep snowdrifts and over rough
mountain trails sixteen men carried the
chaired bodies of Mr. and Mrs. W. C.
Giles from the scene of the unfortunate
fatality at the Dingce mines to the rail
road station at Cisco, fifteen miles dis
tant. The party arrived there this after
noon in charge of Edward McGary, sec
retary of the Contra Costa W r ater Com
pany and an intimate friend of Mr. and
Mrs. Giles.
At Cisco the bodies were shipped to this
city, arriving here late to-night. The
journey out from the mines was fraught
with much difficulty. The miners had to
plow through the drifts and by sheer
strength pack the heavy boxes which
formed the temporary caskets containing
the unrecognizable remains of the mine
superintendent and his wife, who met so
frightful a death.
The road from the mine was little more
than a mountain trail, rendered the more
unsafe because of the piling snow. It was
a journey of many hours, but thanks to
the sturdy men who had volunteered their
services, it was accomplished without ac
cident.
Friends of the deceased couple had
made all arrangements for the funeral
services,' which will be held at -11 o'clock
to-morrow morning from the parlors of
Henry Evers, Washington street, near
Seventh. The Rev. E. R. Dille, pastor of
the First Methodist Church, will officiate.
The interment will be in Mountain View
Cemetery.
IORCES CORONER TO
TAKE CHARGE OF CASE
Health Department Secures Investi
gation Into Causes of a
Woman's Death.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15.— Because of a re
port that suspicious circumstances sur
rounded th# death of Mrs. Mary E. Van
Wye the Health Department refused to
isfcue a burial permit until an autopsy
had been held under direction of the Cor
oner. A certificate of death had been
signed by Dr. J. C. Stout, who attended
Mrs. Van Wye, and the cause of death
there set forth had been indorsed by Dr.
John B'earn, who assisted during the wo
man's last illness. The postmortem ex
amination verified the physicians' declara
tions and set at rest the reports which
reached the Health Office.
The action of the Health Department
forces Coroner Mehrmann to hold an in
quest, but the burial permit was issued
this morning after that official had re
ported the result of the autopsy.
The funeral services, which it had been
feared would be interfered with because
of the Health Department's action, were
regularly conducted this morning from
Thirteenth-street parlors, the Rev. J. K.
McLean officiating. Oakland Lodge No.
18 of Rebekahs had charge of the ser
vices. The inquest will be held to-mor
row evening. Friends of Mrs. Van Wye
are trying to trace the source of the re
ports which gave them so much annoy
ance in their preparations for the last
rites. ""
ESTORES FUBNITUBE TO
A DESERTED WOMAN
Mrs. Grace Clement Secures Return
of Household Wares Her Husband
Surreptitiously Sold.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— Police Judge
Smith to-day restored to Mrs. Grace
Clement furniture and other household
effects which her husband had sold to a
second-hand dealer, disappearing with
the money. The distressed wife told a
story of suffering and hardship due to the
dissipation of her husband, to whom she
had been married twenty years.
After a long separation she had agreed
to his return. During his absence Mrs.
Clement, with the assistance of her two
sons, had earned enough to pay for a
modest stock of household necessities.
These had been installed in a cottage* at
C 64 East Eighteenth street. D. L. Clem
ent, the husband, went there during his
wife's absence and removed the goods,
selling them for 535. Mrs. Clement and
the two children with her were left with
out a blanket to cover them.
In ordering the furniture returned
Judge Smith explained to Mrs. Sarah Ja
cobs, the dealer who purchased them,
that she could swear to a warrant for
Clement's arrest, as he had no claim to
the wares, which had been purchased
with his wife's separate money.
ABBOTT WORTH ONLY
SEVENTY-FIVE CENTS
His Answer to Wife's Plea for Ali
mony — Jacobsens and Others
Separated by Divorce.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15 —Clyde E. Abbott,
who is being sued by his wife, Maud B.
Abbott, for divorce on the ground of cru
elty, testified in Judge Greene's court to
day that all the money he had in the
world was 75 o.ents. He was being inter
rogated as to his financial standing, his
wife having had him summoned to an
swer a motion for alimony. Mrs. Ab
bott's attorneys attempted to show that
he had transferred li<s interests in a
Berkeley stationery score to his mother
to avoid his wife's importunities, but he
said he never owned any real interest in
it. Mrs. Abbott asks for $40 a month and
attorney's fees. The inquiry will go on
to-morrow.
Judge Hall granted Mrs. Emile H. Ja
cobsen a divorce from Jacob Jacobsen on
the ground of cruelty. The couple had
been married ihirty years before they
divined that they were not suited to eacn
other.
Divorces were also granted by . Judge
Hall to Otis Bristol from Maude Bristow,
and Algernon Hall frun Lillian Hall, the
ground in each case being desertion.
WEEDING GUEST FALLS
AND BREAKS CLAVICLE
Dr. J. P. Dunn Throws Eice and Slips
on Polished Floor of Chabot
Residence.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15.— While throwing
rice at the bride and groom at the Dieck
mann-ChaHxit wedding last night, Dr. J.
P. Dunn slipped on a polished floor, fell
heavily and fractured his right collar
bone. Without attracting attention to his
very painful injury, the physician with
drew from the merry throng of guests and
had the injury dressed by his brother. Dr.
Will L. Dunn, who was also present as
a guest. Dr. Dunn will suffer several
weeks' inconvenience.
Guardian for Merritt Children. ,
OAKLAND. Nov. 15 - Attorney John R.
Glascock presented a petition to-day in
Judge Ogden's court if behalf of Frances
D. Dusinbury, Myron T. Dusinbury,
George W. Reed and Err.il Nusbaumer, as
trustees, and the Union Savings Bank
against the children of James P. Merritt
for a guardian ad litem for the children
pending the settlement of a suit that has
been brought against the latter by the
former for the quieting .of title to certain
valuable property deeded by James P.
Merritt to his divorced wife, Mary W.
Merritt.
Reception and Dance.
Company D, First Regiment. League of
the Cross Cadets, last night gave a recep
tion and dance in Native Sons' Hall. It
was a full-dress affair and was largely
attended. The bright military uniforms
of the cadets added a touch of martial
splendor to the scene.
MARIAN'S TUMBLE FROM HER COUCH
STARTLES THE SLEEPING HOUSEHOLD
Former Boss Servant Girl in Horne,of George H. Bew, Aiameda So
ciety Leader, Meets Erstwhile Employer on Common Footing
in Police Court and Denies Special Fondness for Yin Pasteur
ALAMEDA, Nov. 15.— "When our
first servant fell out of bed
Wednesday night the house shook
as if it had been struck by a run
away Kansas cyclone," testified
George H. Bew in Judge Morris' court to
day during the trial of Miss Marian
Campbell, who two weeks ago reigned as
dictator in the culinary department of the
Bew residence and who was finally ar
rested on a charge of disturbing the peace
of her employer.
It was during an argument between Mr.
Bew and Miss Campbell about wages that
the alleged disturbance occurred. The
Bews are leaders in the social sets of
this city and Oakland, and their appear
ance in the dingy court room of the local
Justice of the Peace attracted much at
tention. Mr. Bew is a pioneer Of Alameda,
having been for many years in the drug
business here.
"How do you know that it was the first
servant girl, this defendant, and not the
second girl that tumbled out of bed and
rattled your domicile?" asked Howard K.
James, the lawyer who represented Miss
Campbell.
"Well," replied Bew, "I know that there
was only one person under the roof that
could jar my residence and my family so
and that was the boss servant girl.
Whether she had a nightmare or a pipe
dream I am not sure, but I am quite posi
tive that she took a tumble to herself
because she was woozy from doses and
overdoses of •my choice Yin Pasteur,
which she had smuggled out of my cel
lar."
"Yin Pasteur! Why. Mr. Bew, you know
yourself that my favorite tonic is claret;
I wouldn't taste that dark brown stuff of
yours," excitedly exclaimed Miss Camp
bell, before Bailiff Brown and Judge Mor
ris could put the vocal brakes on the de
fendant.
When Marian Hit the Floor.
"When she hit the floor in the middle
METEORS SHOOT
ATHWART SKIES
Brilliant Shower of Leo
nids Is Seen From
Mount Lowe.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 15.— The follow
ing description of the shower of leonids,
as seen from Mount Lowe, is furnished
by Edgar L. Larkin, director of the
Mount Lowe observatory:
The first meteor was seen at 11:55
o'clock, and during the five minutes to
midnight four were seen, and 653 from
midnight to 5:40 o'clock Friday morning.
They all seemed to emerge from within
the sickle of the zodiacal constellation
Leo. None were actually seen to come
out of It, but their bright tracks prolonged
backward would converge there. Many
were of great brilliancy— many times
brighter than Venus, the brightest planet,
now evening planet. They were all white
but thirteen, which were white, tinged
with red, and two quite red. About half
left long, luminous streaks, which re
mained from half a minute to the un
usual length of twenty-four minutes.
Meteor No. 229 was perhaps the bright
est that passed the zenith. It was re
markable in brilliancy and width of trail.
Its solid portions were dissipated with
cosmic dust by friction against the air,
and therefore did not explode. The
streamer was persistent, because very
wide bent over the west like the letter F,
the top of the F separating from the up
right and drifting toward the Hyades.
The meteor vanished into the trail mid«
way between Orion and Taurus. The dis*
ruption of the glowing stream was at the
star P. Oronis. The detached mass moved
to Aldebaran, eight degrees, where it be
came faint and disappeared in the bril
liancy of that first magnitude sun. The
original portion remained visible to the
unaided eye for twenty-four minutes, and
still longer in an opera glass.
Just before the time of rising the spec
troscope was arranged and the mirror of
the heliostat set to secure spectra of the
meteors as they emerged from their cen
ter. But disappointment was in store,
for not one meteor came "head on," that
is in a straight line from their point in
space of radiation. So the opportunity of
a lifetime was lost, for astrophysicists
have long sought the spectrum of a
meteor.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15 —Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Joseph Mendoza,
aged 21 years, and Mary Travassl, 18,
both of San Lorenzo: Henry Murphy, 27.
and Charlotte Harder, 20, both of West
Berkeley. _
of the night everybody woke up to sleep
no more," continued Bew. "In the morn
ing I went upstairs and inspected the
room. It resembled the site of a lyddite
explosion. The place was a total wreck.
That settled me as far as Miss Campbell
was concerned, and I decided to give ncr
the grand bounce then and there. Later,
when we were trying to reach an agree
ment over money matters, she flew off
the handSe and used my telephone to call
the police* to arrest me in my own house.
That was too much for one man an-l I
had her ai -rested."
"Marian simply didn't know how to
cook ye*terv.lay morning. It was awful."
said Mrs. Bew. with an emphatic sigh, as
she stepped down from the witness stand.
Charged B"er With Yin Pasteur.
Miss Anna B'oche, second girl for the
Bews, testified for her employers and
against Miss Campbell.
I am certain, that I didn't fall out of
bed Wednesday xiight." said she. "When
Marian came downstairs in the morning
she acted funny queer. She hooked
on to the carpet cleaner and began to
chase it round antl round the kitchen in
circles. I saw she -was not right and car
ried her upstairs niter she had tried to
cook* the breakfast put her to bed.
I tied a towel arou^tl her heaa and put
hot bottles to her fee<, and she fell into a
peaceful doze. About half-past 1 in t'ae
afternoon she came downstairs and went
poking around to find a bottle she hi.d
hidden under the buiTec in the dining
room. Then she met Mr. Bew."
"I drink nothing stronaer than claret,"
answered Miss Campbe.U in reply to s.
question from Barrister James. "It was
my custom to take a glasas every evening:
at 8:15 for my nervous s.vi'tem. I nev*"
indulge in Yin Pasteur. I ii d not fall out
of bed Wednesday night, as Mr. Bew said
I did. Anna did not carry' me upstairs,
and put me to bed Thurstiiy morning,
and I think it is real mean >f her to aay
so after I had given her some of my
wine. I did not spoil the col tee nor burn
the hot cakes. The trouble lie«tween Mr.
BANK EMPLOYES
STEAL BIG SUM
Williamsburg Institution
Looted to Extent of
$60,000.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— Defalcations'
amounting, it is claimed, to $88,000 have
been discovered in the* accounts of the
Williamsburg Savings Bank, an institu
tion conducted at Williamsburg, Brook
lyn. General J. V. Meserole. president of
the bank, is authority for the statement
that the persons implicated in the affair
are Harry E. Corbett, a former paying
teller of the bank, who died November 2,
and George Zolleinhofer, a receiving tel
ler, who, it is alleged, gave the first in
formation leading to the discovery.
The bank is fully protected, it is said,
by the bonds of both Corbett and Zoliein
hofer. Harry E. Corbett had been in the
employ of tne bank for eighteen years.
He was looked upon as a' man of exem
plary habits and not the slightest sus
picion attached to him up to the time of
his death.
According to General Meserole on Fri
day of last week George Zolleinhofer, one
of the receiving tellers, went to Cashier
William Burns and confessed to him that
he (Zolleinhofer) and Corbett had for the
past two or three years taken funds from
the institution for the purposes ol stock
gambling, and that so far as he could
estimate the amount that had been lost
was between 150,000 and $60,000. Cashier
Burns had Zolleinhofer repeat his confes
sion to President Meserole and a meeting
of the trustees of the bank followed.
The examination was not concluded that
day, nor is it yet concluded, but irregu
larities enough were found to show that
Zolleinhofer had not exaggerated the ex
tent of the defalcations.
Zolleinhofer, after making his confes
sion, placed himself in the hands of the
trust comaanies and is aiding them in
their investigation of the books. He was,
with one exception, the oldest employe
of the bank, having been with the insti
tution for thirty-three years. He is 60
years of age. Corbett died in his apart
ment in Brooklyn of pneumonia on No
vember 2. He and his wife were highly
respected. The depositors are in no dan
ger, a3 the bank has a surplus of over
$8,000,000 above the deposits of $40,000,U00.
So far as could be learned to-day Zollein
hofer had not been arrested, and it is
understood that he will merely be kept
under surveillance while he is aiding the
bank to untangle its accounts.
The most careful sailors are said to be I
the most wieckless.
MARIAN AND HER FORMER
EMPLOYER MEET IN POLICE
COURT.
Bew and myself was all because he would,
not pay me the $10 25 that was owing m»
He charged me with six bottles of Vta
Pasteur and wanted to keep 14 of my
wages for it. When I couldn't have ail
that was coming to me I called the po
lice. Instead of arresting Mr. Bew they
arrested me."
Miss Campbell was found guilty, but
justice Morris suspended judgment.
PUBLIC FUNERALS ARE
TO BE RESTRICTED
Board of Health Offers New Regula
tions Touching Deaths From Cer
tain Contagious Diseases.
OAKLAND. Nov. «t— Public funer ¦
persons who die from certain contagious
diseases are to be restricted in this city.
according to amendments to the health,
regulations which have been recommend
ed for adoption by the City Council. The
diseases specified under this order are ty
phus fever, ship fever, bubonic plague,
yellow fever, scarlet fever. Asiatic choJ
era. smallpox, chicken-pox and pulmonary
tuberculosis accompanied by expectora
tion. Burials or cremation of those who
succumb to these diseases must occur
within twenty-four hours after death.
J. R. Freud to Lecture.
BERKELEY. Nov. 15.-J. R. Freud of
the San Francisco Civil Service Com mi -
aon will lecture on "The Federal Civ. l
iVrvice" at 4 o'clock this afternoon
ir.- the lecture-rocm of the students' ol
s. >i vatory. A concluding lecture will be
given November 19 at the sara* hour an 4
phu-e on "Municipal Civil Service. "
Close Vote Against B«moval.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— 8y a vote of 25
to ;.& the members of the Fourth Con
greg;wional Church have decided against
movi n\' from their present location on
Thirt v- fourth street, near Adeline. Those
who favor a change have announced that
they will continue the agitation because
of the close vote.
¦? « —
Expenses of Candidates.
Acco c ding to statements fil^d bef'tr*
the Registrar yesterday various candi
dates spiUit the following amounts during
the last campaign: John Landers, $111:
Fred J. 1 AcWilliams, $85 2S; George R.
Sanderson,. $118 50; Albert B. Mahony.
$373 40.
For very minute writing, pens made
from crow quills have been found to do
excellent wor k.
Pears
All sorts .of people use it,
all sorts of .stores sell the
famous English complexion
soap. Established 1789.
Sold all ore the wgrkl.
1314
SjAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 11 o'clock every night In the year: |
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street.
' oorner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9: SO p. m.
fS» McAllister street: open until »:S0 p. m.
CIS Larkln street: open until 5:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
«:r.UJ t d. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until J p. m.
1086 Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ctreets; open until 9 p. m.
200 Flilmore Ftreet: open until > p. m.
MEETING NOTICES^ '¦!
.A SPECIAL meeting of Godfrey (SHE
de St. Omar Council No. 1, irajjr
Knights* Kadosh. A. and A. g] jjjgj) ffl
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, [m^SBSSm
will be held in Commandery ||»i*fifl*£CT
Hall. Masonic Temple, on SAT- — fig] »
URDAY EVENING, Nov. 16, I^ggS!
1901, at '" ° HEXRY BURNER. Recorder.
A SPECIAL meeting of San alp>
Francisco Consistory No. 1. /A.\oGijiMk
A. and A. Scottish Rite of £9H»sSMrt
Freemasonry, will be held in kHSLuKsM
Commandery Hall. Masonic Jiff rWTTM
Temple. on SATURDAY |rVi«rA^_.T
EVENING. Nov. 16, lSui, at 8 <3/j)Ba72t*
o'clock. HENRY BURNER, * %££g/
¦^ Registrar.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. S. R. A. M., •
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- .^\_
ING, Nov. 16, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. TKJT
degree. By order of the H. P. '?'
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretar?.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A M.— Called meeting THIS (SATUR- _JV_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:80 o'clock. Sec- T\J\
ond dexree. ' ~ *
THEO. FROHLICH, Sec.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M.-Degree 2, THIS EVENING, Nov. Mk_
16, at 7 o'clock. By order of the W. M. jt/\
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. fIT >
MISSION Lodge No. 168. F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- XX
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary, f^* '
NOTICE— M. E. B. A. No. 33: Please attend
special meeting, 8:30 a. m., SATURDAY,
Nov. 16. . J. R. FLOUD, President.
W. WARIN. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. B. Swank in the Gold Run
mine, near Mountain Ranch, Caiayeras Coun-
ty to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine; from D. Hartley & Co. in the Roan-
oke mine, near Placerville, El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings in White Rock Creek; from
William McDonald, in the Dardanelles and
Oro placer mine, near Forest Hill. Placer
County, to deposit tailings In Dardanelles
Canon, and from W. S. and C. A. Cooley,
in the Smith Bar mine, near Keep, Plumas
County. to deposit tailings In a worked-out
pit, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 59. Flood building, San Francisco,
Cal., on December 2, 1901, at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Best "Life of McKinley" & Christ-
mat books: 75 per cent discount; outfit free;
freight paid; credit given: valuable premium;
our ajrents ret $200 in gold for Christmas.
HENRY NEIL, 323 Dearborn St.. Chicago, 111.
TWO men to do some advertising work. Call
1067 Market St.. room 1.
ASl'HAL'll M HOOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks rT-
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; teL Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free divorces private; bankruptcy ; col-
lections attachments ;mortgages ; bills of sale;
partner-ships ;o>eds; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THUKSTON. 10CS% Mkt. r. 4. opp. sth.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeas etc. prepared; charge low; estb
It years. Atty O. W. HOWE, 850 Market at'
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, 516 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale $5 up;
fend for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL,
»n» Larkln «t. ¦
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
INFANTS boarded from birth; fresh cow's and
goat milk; trained nurse: 8 Juri st., near
Valencia st. depot
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st.
GERMAN lady wishes 1 or 2 children to board;
room for parents. 439 Minna st.
WANTED— LittIe girl 2 or 3 years old to board
or to raise. L. D. McCLELLAN. 2308 Howard.
CHILD to board; company for 3-year-old girl;
$6 month Box 2030, Call office.
BOOKS— AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel Red 2856.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission St.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A RARE offer! A rare offer! A $so6o'saloon~ln
beet business location on Market st ; long
lease; rent only $12 60 per day; elegant fix-
tures and business clearing above $3uo month
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— ssoo; SALOON, few doors from Market st. ;
rent $20; a place taking in from $15 to $20 per
day; good fixtures; National Cash Register
and clearing at least $100 per month. K. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. ¦
A BIG BARGAIN
Saloon; price $500; location can't be beat-
must be sold in 3 days. R. G. WILKE 26' i
Kearny st. '
— $2000; SALOON; choicest location on water
front; rent $40; place doing a rushing and
good paying business; value in sight; partners
. can't agree. R. G. WILKIE. 26' 2 Kearny st.
A— s2soo; SALOON, with mercantile lunch- net
rent $50; place established for 30 years; In
best part of the wholesale district owner
never cleared less than $400 per month Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON in wholesale district; Wrt
by present owner for 20 years; clearing above
$175 per month; owner engaged in other en-
terpriseg. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— COFFEE saloon and choD house on East
•t. ; price $1600; rent $»0; water free; clearing
at least $300 month; finest chance in this
line. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— sl2oo; PARTNER wanted in one of the best
paring corner saloons of Oakland; place
clearing above $300 per month; owner engaged
otherwise; need trustworthy man. Call R
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY on Market St.; low rent- 5
years 1 lease; 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels
per day; most store trade; owner cleared $1509
the last £ months. Call R. G. WILKE, 2t%
Kearny et, • ™
A— s3so; DELICACY and pork store, with i
living rooms; rent $14; business established
go •t^agyfsa* ¦£ — * ?¦
A— CIGAR stands. Cigar stands. Cigar stands
I now have over 30 of the best money-making
stands In the city; prices from $100 to $1200;
before buying it will certainly pay you to call
on C. L. HEDGES. m and 462 Parrott bid"?
A— VERY profitable restaurant near foot Mar-
ket et. ; will be sold at a ridiculously low
figure. Ask HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg
R IRTDi R /^ t VI 555 5: M r a r nn k t et n ce L a *™T>£
STATIONERY and notion; $200: worth J4OO-
must sell; proprietor died. McBRIDE & CO '
4 6.-> Market st. '*
$S^Z ICICE cigar store on O'Farrell at; worth
Marie* good chance. McBRIDE & f CO* 765
PARTNER wanted in good business- trade
established; call and Investigate- thfa £ a
good chance. Room 14, 835 Market st
CANDY and icecream parlors; a ' rare barn in-
leaving State; present recelpts $^ol2r
month. Call room 14, 535 Market st.
*12<X)-RESTAURANT In business section- 6-day '
house; receipts over $40 per* day guaranteed
to clear $200 per month; trial given DON :
ALP INVESTMENT COMPANY. 850 ' Market
A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
_der: snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
RESTAURANT, established years, clearing
•MM. for sale; part cash: proprietor retiring
Dgsj u jk ne i?xt^y V/QHN *- van ars - ;
Sum WILL buy a leading restaurant In the
southern district of the city; 5 living room*
upstairs; a fine chance for man and wife
Box ISSI, Call office.
ISO-BRANCH bakery, confectionery and laun-
cry office; near large school: two living
rooms; no agents. Box 2029. Call office.
PARTNER wanted— Splendid paying restau-
rant; owner has other interest*. 217 Sixth et.
I HAVE buyers waiting; list your business
with me; I guarantee, to sell. 921 Market st.
BUSINESS CHAsCEg— Cqntinned.
SHARES of the Twentieth Century Laundry
are being sold very rapidly; those wishing for
tock should procure them immediately as
there are only a limited number of them for
sale; these shares are appreciated because
they have value behind them; they will earn
for you SO to S5 per cent. Call or write for
full information. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
, , Fiscal Agents,
S2B Montgomery st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
ran sell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity; money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO..
Rooms 3 and 4, 11(>4 Market st.. cor. Mason.
A HOTEL of about 60 rooms, doing good busi-
ness; central location, city of San Jose; will
sell for third of its value; ill health the rea-
son for selling; this is a snap; also one of
the best located saloons in the city, on Mar-
ket ft.: doing a big business. C. C. SMITH,
630 Market St., San Francisco.
$650 BUYS interest in wonderful invention and
secures immediate employment at $2 50 per
day cash; 10.(X«) degrees greater heat than has
ever been developed in the most powerful
furnaces can be developed without flre, fuel
or chemicals; 9 to 3. 1073*4 Market St., r. 8.
! DRUG store for sale; Spanish cedar fixtures,
' shelf botties, showcase, scales, clock and
Fhow bottles; cost over $3000; can be bought
, cheap. Apply at DA VIE & BONNELL CO.,
; SU Broadway. Oakland.
$1700 — For sale, groceries, fruit, vegetables and
poultry' store, with 5 living rooms; rent $25.
930 Fillmore st.
PAYING coal oil route; good horse and wagon;
trial given. 293S Folsom st.
PARTNER wanted; established manufacturing
business in city; no experience necessary;
good opportunity for man of ability with cap-
ltal. Address box 2026. Call.
I RESTAURANT, $700^ clears $lici monthly;
i week's trial given; owner leaving the city
! cause of sacrifice; no agents. Address box
i 2005. Call offlce. '
; RESTAURANT, oyster house; best part of
city; 7 living rooms upstairs ; for sale cheap;
owner has other business. Box 1510, Call.
! WANTED— To Interest with me responsible
parties in oil properties in Kern County. Box
! 1996, Call offlce.
1 ___
' FASHIONABLE ladles' hairdressing parlors
and «tore; fine location. Address M. M., Oak-
; land P. O.
I FOR SALE— A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg, Cal.
j RESTAURANT and oyster house; 32 years in
same place. 207 Third St.
I $1000— A GOOD grocery business in San Jose.
Address A, Call office, San Jose.
$500— HALF interest in a wholesale, retail and
, manufacturing business. Inquire 247 sth st.
I SHOESHOP for sale. 939' i Mission st.
¦ — —
1 FIRST-CLASS saloon, with grocery, on ac-
count cf death. Inquire 1697 Folsom st.
LODGING-HOI SES FOR SALE.
I A—2l-roomA — 21-room house nr. San Mateo carhouse; price
I only $1000; worth $15(0. Decker, 1020 Market.
1 ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 2000
12 rooms: large yard 1500 i
40 rooms ; boarding 4500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
S rooms ; fine yerd 350
10-room house; fii.e location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
100 rooms; clears 5350; payments to suit.. 6500
S rooms; flat; near City Hall 3JO
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800
24 rooms ; on Market st. ; clears $150 1600 !
10 rooms; en Mason St.; new 730
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments... 1250 !
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
' A— A CLEAR TITLE GUARANTEED
AT RETSLOFFS OFFICE
i A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
8 rooms; well furnished $400 I
18 rooms; on Ellis; a bargain 1500 !
17 rooms: $250 can remain; clears $85 500 J
3 roome; grand transient location 2200
! 25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200 •
16 rooms: corner; part cas-h 1000 1
; 2s rooms; clears $60; payments 400
; 5<S rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5950
M rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500 j
; 20 rooms; good location; money maher... 750 i
MONEY LOANED- PHONE JOHN SSI
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St.
I , . _ ]
40 ROOMS, sunny and every room rented; good
location; clears PO6; $2850. RETSLOFF.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
fcso Market bt Tel. Davis 281
?6 rooms; good income $2,600 !
17 rooms; gcod transient location 1,500 i
15 rocmg; Van Ness; gcod furn 1,400 ,
Brooms; fine furn. ; a nice home 700 !
grooms; a bargain 660 ;
12 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500 i
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600
2? rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,600 :
21 rooms; well turn.; good income 2,600
H rooms; good location; pays well .1,500 ;
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500:
, NEW 50-room house, reading-room, offlce i
ground floor, with or without restaurant and
barber thop; will be furnished to suit; any I
part or whole; lone lease; low rent. DON- '
ALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market st.
j A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st. !
Rooms a, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
14 r. ; rent $65; good house and loc; only. sllol |
U r. ; Geary; fine income 1900 i
38 r. ; rent $E£: clears $60; good loc 80j I
15 r. ; rent $80; NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500
17 r. ; rent $65; Post; good house; pays well.
12 r. ; well fur.; flue location; Poet st 800
i< r. ; rent $45; good house; Sutter 800
7 r. ; rent $35; new fur.; 12 outside brders 6CO !
6 r. ; rent $40; Eddy st 250 |
' McBRIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market st. j
Some Bargains for To-day:
30C-room house $1400'
lfi-room house 900 i
12-room house 600 !
10-room house 700 '
14-room boarding-house 1100 '
Great bargains in restaurants, saloons, baker- :
les, candy, cigar stores, etc.
A— lo ROOMS; Ellis Ft.; rent $32 50; only..s3M!
16 rooms; pood furniture, carpets; 0n1y... 725
12 rooms; Market ft. ; rent $40; good house. 550 j
Many more bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL & CO., i 206 Market st.
A— NOTICE— V.'c have rooming-houses, all sizes j
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our ¦
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market ft. '
1 M. E. HIVES. 916 "Market; Phone Main 128.
Vt rooms; housekeeping; rent $60 $650
18 room?; bay windows; all sunny 1250 i
26 rooms; central; eh<rap rent 2300
42 rooms; all rented; good income 4000 j
BUYERS— Before buvinc a hcuse go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 19U. 917 Market st., opp. Mason, j
He can suit you In houses and prices.
! BUYERS OF LODGING-HOUSES j
j Our list is- too long to publish: we have them i
at all prices. 927 Market St., room 20S.
! FINE rooming-house of 15 rnnmp; all Cull; j
good io<-aticn: newly furnished. Call at J35
Market st., room 14.
r GOOD paying corner flat; 6 rooms; all full;
| rent low. Inquire ST4 Howard st. j
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
M'H. and Friday evening. 1035 Market bt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face, to face; seance Tue.,
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1804 Bush; p. Larkin 2275.
A.— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.— Readings, 50cT
and $1; circle every night except Wed., 10c. j
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; circle Sun., TupsT
Fri., 7:30; Wed., ladies, 2:30; read, dally. 30c.
Elizabeth Thyes, trance mcd. ret'd., 132 6th; se-
ance Sun.. Tues., Thurs., 8:15. 25c; priv. read.
ARNOLD & Dickson tell everything; 50c. $l;ma-
terlalizing eeance Thurs., Sun. nights. 201 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE, S2B Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 MeAllister^MrsrcTT
Meyer; sittings dally: test to al] to-night. lCc.
CLAIR VOV ANTS.
ME.~M?~BERNARD^
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all. affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45«9.
BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change in business? Are you ill. depressed or
uncertain? Why not seek the fullest knowl-
edge that will help you to succeed? Letters
containing stamp answered. BROOKS 1206
Market, rooms 34 and 30, cor. Golden Gate.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant nnd
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a m
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant, scientific palm-
ist and phrenologist. 100"V» Market, near 6th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
CLAIRVOYANTS— ContInneii,
DAGMA, the Egyptian, Just arrived from
Egypt, draws aside the uncertain years ahead ;
happiness and success go hand in hand, yet
hundreds fail where success is possible were it
not for the lack of foresight into the future;
if you are in trouble, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult DAGMA. for she is a prophet-
ess of Tvorld-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her. 43 Van Ness aye.. room 17;
office hours 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. DH. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mail.
ME. ARNDT.the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyrtian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c & up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth St.
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
i reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $150. 126 Turk.
Miss M. Wille, 326 A Ellis, greatest of all crystal
seers; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
ME. MARS AN, card reading; business ad-
vice, 25c up. 119 Taylor St., room 9.
MRS. BROWN-, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL. wonderful astrologist;
tribe Alohobar. 10081/4 Mkt.. 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
TRUTHFUL card reading, palmistry included;
sittings 25c. 289 Fell St.
' MRS. MELVILL.weII-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 ?th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
dvlce; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth Ft.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
I MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; lay;qg;
j cleaning on floor. Phone Mint SOIL: 923 Mission
j AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relaid. 104 14th St.; tel.Capp 2.=>42
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
| RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 2(!3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
233 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126,
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. 0 H~
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. BoutU 269.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN, 206 Kearny St., room 307.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed wlth-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. 6 Eddy st., room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLI S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law ami Collection Agency,
room 85, 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, one block from Folsom st.
and Precita aye.; $9; key 350 Precita aye.
DENTISTS.
A— DR; T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market sTTlSnma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason- |
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill- |
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
! and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee U.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my i
; wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices J
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. I
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
I
; ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market., cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain- !
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold !
crownß. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 !
up; office hours. 9a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,. I
I 9t02.J. W. THATCHER, D.D. S., manager.
; A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, ]
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
1 50c; plates, $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth. !
I LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction, i
! 50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th. :
: PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— j
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c. I
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
¦ AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done j
i on weekly installments; lowest rates
I __
j SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
I DR. R.L.WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain- \
less extraction, 50c ; plates $3 up iphone Polk 1135. \
I DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex- j
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
I DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ay.».
I DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES j
j McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery school— I
I Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market Et.
: FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM. i
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & M-iffatt. i
EDUCATIONAL.
HiEALD : s"^t6oL~oS r
isEEIUNG — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly j
practical; day and night. 24 Post Bt., S. F. ; j
catalogue free.
! ATRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
, JS per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
; complete business education; shorthand, typ-
Ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship, I
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers; I
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free, j
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
: £. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
; all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
i A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
! MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
io-Ring? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
; A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
I school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
i MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand] typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mining-, mechTsur^ I
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1564 Van I
_der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per^
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cleco Business College, 1236 Market st.
VITTORIO DINO, Italian teacher, gives les-
sonsat pupil's home; price 50c. Box 1858, Call.
GERMAN lessons given by lady; terms moder-
ate; references if required. Box 2025, Call.
PROF. C. Hoffman, tenor and voice builder;
Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
VOICE culture; method of Lamperti; concert,
opt-ra; send for circular. E.GEORGE, SOt; Ellis
FIGURES— Nothinc like it for rapidity; $3
TARR. 220 Parrott bldg., gives particulars.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
Wessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School* of Acting, 814 Geary st. •
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics. Literature a.
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell »t.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post et., S. F. ;
founded 1563; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleaning; alao
cooks and waiters turnisbed at short notice
George Kinochita, 783 Haight; tel. Fell 5045;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiter* an^l house servants. '"JEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post et. ; tel. Bush 135.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES — Continued
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co. furnishes beet help. 521 Jessie
st.; phone South 695.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Bestjjelp. 411% O'Farrell Bt. ; tel. East 426.
CHINKSE Employment Offlce— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush st.» tel. James 160 L
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutterjtel.Black 50.2.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188
EIHPLOYMEXT WANTED—FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian cook. 8 years'
references, wants situation. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
TRUSTWORTHY middle-aged housekeeper;
take care of children; good caoking; for small
family or couple; references. Address 814 A
Larkin st.
GERMAN girl, 16 years, wishes to assist with
light housework and children. Address till
Monday, box IS3B, Call office._
RESPECTABLE! girl wishes to do general
housework and plain cooking. Call 74 Ship-
ley st., bet. Folsom and Harrison, off Fourth.
REFINED young lady. French teacher, wishes
to exchange lessons or light services for room
or board ; experience ; reference. Box 1840, Call.
WANTED— By a young lady, a position to lab"el
or work in a box factory; state wages. Box
1843. Call office.
AN elderly woman wants a place to do light
housework in small family In city. 2 Cleve-
lar.d St., between Sixth and Seventh,
COMPETENT woman wishes to do- general
housework in Christian family; wages $25; in
the city. Box 1828, Call offlce.
YOUNG German woman would like to have
housework or any kind of work by day. 205
Grove st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. 952 Mission st, room 11.
GOOD cook in German and American style,
willing to assist with housework; wages $30;
references. 4 Lynch St., bet. Pacific and
Broadway, oft Leavenworth.
FIRST CLASS milliner will make hats jf la-
dies' own material or will furnish same at
wholesale prices. Address box 1505, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes second work in Alameda,
Berkeley or San Rafael. Address 131 Wiidey
aye., oft Steiner, bet. Pine and Bush.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like mending to
do. 1079 Market st.
A HOUSEKEEPER'S position in flrst-class ho-
tel or residence; city or country; only re-
spectable propositions entertained. Address
box ISOO, Call office.
COMPETENT lady's maid desires situation in
an American family; best of city references.
Address box 2015, Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2oo rooms ; 25c to $1 50 per night ; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Work, any honest labor, by young
man aged 22; strong, healthy, not afraid to
work either. Address C. H. L». 36 Geary
st., room 30.
SITUATION wanted by a useful man around
the place; speaks French, Italian and Eng-
lish; 29 years old. Address ALEXANDER,
404 Geary st.
YOUNG man would like position as waiter
or second butler In private family; had ex-
perience as waiter; good reference. Box 1829,
Call offlce.
A POSITION in wholesale grocery house by in-
telligent youne man wishing to learn the
business; $30 per month to start; best refer-
ences. Box 1830, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS florist and landscape gardener,
also vegetable and orchard man. wants posi-
tion; private place; city or country; best of '
references. Box 2027, Call offlce.
YOUNG man of 23 with 3 years' experience in !
I fancy and commercial stationery desires posl- |
tion as salesman or place in wholesale house;
best of references. Address box 1825, Call. j
WANTED— Situation as bill clerk or offlce j
work; 10 years' experience; rapid extender.
Box IS4I, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man of good experience wants !
work of any .kind; is a good salesman; not
[ afraid of work; good reference. Box 1542, Call.
I ACCOUNTANT expert. London experience, i
1 seeks engagements; audits; private investiga- :
tlons; intricate accounts adjusted; statistics
prepared; books opened, posted; back work ,
written up; bookkeeping systems revised and
improved; terms reasonable. Box 1512, Call. ]
¦AN experienced bookkeeper wishes employ- '
ment; good penman; rapid at figures; can fur- I
nish the best of references and bonds. Ad- :
1 dress box 1513, Call.
YOUNG man experienced in bookkeeping, col- '
lecting and offlce work desires position; mod- '
j crate salary to commence; references and '¦
bond if required. Box 1851, Call.
¦ ENGINEER, who has had experience in run- |
ning stationary Corliss hoisting and traction :
engines,, wishes situation; city or country;
references. Address W. 0., 132S Filbert St., |
Oakland.
A YOUNG man of good character, well edu-
cated, wishes position in an offlce; best ref-
erences. Box 1789. Call offlce.
i YOUNG man with 10 years' experience in rail- i
road work and bookkeeping wants position;
Al references. Box 201 S. Call offlce.
I SITUATION as assistant bookkeeper or general !
offlce work. Box 1783, Call offlce.
' SITUATION as grocery clerk for Inside work. !
Box 2017, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man as bartender; is good i
all-round -man; city or country. Box 1854, Cnil. [
INDUSTRIOUS and trustworthy young man !
desires position as stenographer and book- •
keeper; law office preferred; experience; i
commercial education; references. Address
box 2039, Call.
I WANTED— Work in a bakery by a sober man
1 not afraid to work; chance to learn pastry of
more imiortance than high wages. Address
box 2345. Call. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS chef wishes a situation as chef j
or chef steward in hotel or club in or out j
of city. Address J. F. F., 539 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS ' blacksmith and horseshoer j
wants situation; good workman. Box 2054,
Call office.
PAPERHANGER and painter wants work; has
a complete outfit of tools. 1302 Webster st. ;
tel. Jackson 1321.
JAPANESE boy wants position as school boy;
$1 week. SAWADA, 22 Prospect place; tel.
James 2621.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants situation
in private family; understands any style cook-
ing. Apply YAMA, 923 Sacramento st.
A IJKANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Eubscriptions has been established at Wii
Valencia st.
EXCHANGE.
WILL give violin for typewriter. Address box
1874, Call office.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)-^W^
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce, HO7-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken in payment fcr services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold"
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING |
AXD INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st. /
A GOOD chance— Private party will sell for
cash 1000 shares Montezuma dividend-paying
copper stock In parts or in whole, at 20c per
sOiare. Box 1526. Call offlce.
FLATS TO LET.
A— COZY; new; gas; electric; 4 rooms; porce-
lain bath. 1421 Green St.. nr. Van Ness aye.
KI.ATS TO LET KITKMSHED.
$25— PARLOR floor, furnished; 4 rooms; piano;
bath; garden, etc. 1517 Golden Gate aye., 12
to 4 p. m.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FOR Sale— Cozy furnished flat of three rooms
and bath: cheap. 555 Ellis St.; call bet. 1-4.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with~Na~7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1364.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st.; telephone Laricln
282; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianog. etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 MarkeL
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER^ 128-130 Hayes~Bt7T~near
van Ness ave.-Xmas novellties; oval and
odd-shaped frames.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new »i glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, no wash $35
Cleaning woman, Institution $20
Chambermaid and waitress, institution.... s2o
cook, mining camp $25
Cook, private boarding house $30
Parlor maid and waitress $25
Chambermaid and seamstress $25
Infant nurse .. $25
Head waitress, hotel !.'!.'!!. .!."!!]."! $35
Housework woman with a child $20
Waitress, hotel, country $25
Chambermaid and waitress, country $20
4 hotel waitresses, city $20
5 second girls, city ".. .!;;;!!S2O-$25
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
" HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $35 to $40; waitress, $75: 8
waitresses, city and country, $20; restaurant
waitress, $8 week, no Sunday work; waitress,
5 hours work, $5 50 week
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Scandinavian cook. $35; 2 cooks, city, $30;
Housegirl, American family, 3 people $30-
Chambermaid and seamstress, $25, no sweep-
ing or waiting; housegirls for first-class
places. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
WANTED— A lady of education, culture and
rennement: must have pleasant manners, be
well dressed and give good references: one
who is energetic and thoroughly conscien-
tious can secure a good position with a flrst-
class wholesale house to introduce in this
city a most meritorious article of food Ad-
dress, giving particulars, A. B. C . box
IS3P, Call office.
A— Hairdressing thoroughly taught in 3 weeks-
entire course, $6; manicuring, shampooing,
scalp treatment, singeing, bleaching, dyeing;
electrical face massage system. Includes cup-
ping, rolling, steaming, etc.; everything fur-
nlsned; positions positively guaranteed; 3 good
positions now open to those entering immedi-
ately; graduates earn $75 to $125 a mdnth with
private customers. S. F. HAIRDRESSINO
COLLEGE, 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
WANTED— Refined girl to care for baby; per-
m f n £ n T, Ilom,1 l om , e J f or right P crs °n- Inquire room
302, Call building, Saturday (to-day), between
3 and 6, or Sunday afternoon at 3529 Wash-
ington et.
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on 1
ladies' silk and wool waists; good pay
steady work. S. F. CO. MFG. CO.. 523 Mkt.
RESPONSIBLE woman for general housework;
small family. Rooms 42-43, 1025 Sutter St.,
between 2 and 4 o'clock.
STRONG woman living in Mission to care for
rooming-house a few hours daily. Call candy
store. !)93 Valencia st.
WANTED— Experienced" jacket hands for al-
teration department. Apply R. D. DAVIS
I & CO., corner Geary st. and Grant aye.
YOUNG or middle-aged lady to look after 2
children; no housework; Mission; wages $10.
T, P. ANDREWS, 109 Montgomery sT
GIRL to do light housework and care for chil-
dren; wages $12. 523 Potrero aye.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework; rea-
sonable wages. Apply 615 Diamond 'St.
WANTED— GirI for general housework in
small family. 898 Fourteenth st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats wanted. S.
N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED— A neat young girl in a family of 3;
wages $12. Call between 9 and 12. 1950 Bush.
APPRENTICE wanted to work on coats. 383
Valencia st.
GIRL about 15 to assist with baby. ¦ 1917 Mis-
slon st.
GIRL wanted to assist in housework. 920
O'Farrell st.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory, 32V4 Fremont st. ; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
i 1 — ,
1 EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 19
j years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
1 and Grove sts.
! GIRLS, learn hairdressing and all pertaining
to the art; 3 weeks' course, $5; thorough in-
structions by graduate of Prof. Paul Lascotte
of N. V. ; day and eve. classes; visit our
school before going elsewhere. 727 Bush st.
RELIABLE girls with references can secure
good positions In private families at Boys'
Retreat Employment Bureau, 407 Eighth St.,
' Oakland; phone black 2353.
WANTED— A Catholic girl for general house-
work In Alameda; wages $25 per month. Box
2023, Call offlce.
j A GERMAN or Danish girl for housework in
1 the country; small family and good home.
I 228 Vi Hickory aye., bet. 10 and 4.
i WELL-VERSED, good-appearing woman as
commercial traveler; permanent position.
Box 2007. Call offlce.
I WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply at
HALE BROS.', bet. 8 and 11 a. m.
; APPRENTICES, must be good sewers, for
ladies' tailoring; paid steady. 819 Post st.
j APPRENTICE wanted to learn dressmaking;
j paid while learning. Room 2, 121 Post st.
WANTED— Cook; famijy three. Call 2700 How-
ard st. ; fare paid.
CHAMBERMAID— Manhattan House, 825 Bat-
tery st.
GIRL to help with general housework; sleep
home. 1203 Sutter st.
[ YOUNG girl for light housework. 316 Vlckf-
burg St., near Twenty-fourth.
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl
for cooking and housework. 317 Larkin st.
WANTED— GirI 16 years of age for light house-
work. Apply at 4976 Seventeenth st.
GOOD pressers wanted. Apply New Parisian
Dyeing Works, 221« Folsom St.
lIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker. BELASCO I
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and clo«uc
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY
5 laborers for a mine, surface work
$30 and found
8 more muckers, mine $75 ¦
6 laborers, near city $2 3 day j
12 2-horse teamsters, long Job.. $2 25 a day 1
15 4-horse teamsters $2 25 a day I
20 teamsters, 6 stablemen, buggy washer and i
harness cleaner, $50; stableman, private '<
stables $25 and found
Italian vegetable gardener, country. $40 snd
house free
10 milkers, 15 ranch hands, 5 plow teamsters,
$30; 5 choremen. 6 chore boys, ."¦ basalt block
makers, see boss here; 2 milkers, city dairy,
$35 and found
Fireman, city factory; carriage trimmer,
country shop, see boss here, $3 day; machine
hand, country planing mill, steady job the
year round. $3 a day; machine blacksmith,
city; slack cooper; 5 boys for factory, city,
$6 to $7 50 a week
HOTEL AND OTHERS
Third waiter, country, $20 and found; 5 other
cocks; 10 waiters, $25 to $40; helper, city job,
$20 and found; 15 kitchen hands, dishwashers;
2 men, some experince in butcher business, '
$S2. MURRAY & READY, 634-63S Clay st. !
ASSAYER and metallurgist to superintend
smelter, $3CO month; 3 carpenters for mill :
company, $50 and found.; cabinetmaker, $3
day; 6 laborers for sawmill, $50 to $60; setter
for mill, $60 to $75; laborers for quarry, $2
day; 10 woodchoppers, $125 cord; teamster'
for city, $35 and board; farmer for Santa ¦
Clara County, $25; boy for wholesale store, ,
$15 and increase; milker. $30: machinists, $t
day; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st. '
Man to run pump and small engine for
ranch, $35 and found; 2 machine lathe hands-
cake baker, shop, $45 to $50; third-hand
bread baker, $35 to $40; 2 teamsters for ranch,
$26; driver»for milk wagon, $30; stenographer
and assist bookkeeping, $40 and found; scrap-
er teamster, country, $2 25 a day; laborers
tor ditch, country, $2 25 a day: drillers for
ditch, country, $2 50 a day; basalt block
makers, piece or day work.
BUTLER, $40; restaurant cook, country, $50;
restaurant baker, $10 week; hotel waiter'
country, $25 to $30; porter for business place.
$10 to $f2 week; waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
A MIDDLE-AGED man and wife to keep
house for gentleman on small home place
$30. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12
4 waiters, first-class country hotels, $30.
COATMAKER. pants and vest makers for counl
try. Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
GOOD ladles' tailor; steady work j jjo-
FLENEGAN, 532 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
INTELLIGENT boy fcr the dry goods busi-
ness. 10,-8 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED man to care for horses; $20
and found. 247 Devisadero st., rear.
WANTED — First-claFs dinner waiter at 304
Mason st. ; wages $8 a week.
BARTKNDER wanted— All-round man. 633
Fcurth st
HELP . MALE— -Con._
AT~CrR." HANSEN & C 0. '5...... 104 Geary st.
Railroad Work ...........•......" Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
........FOR CHATSWORTH PARK ........
»0 drillers $2 50 a day
¦ . 60 muckers ....'. :..:... — ...... .$2 a day
.;........;.....; FOR UKIAH
20 teamsters ..'..: '.. $2 a day
- 20 laborers, : ....$2 a day
. FOR ROCK CRUSHER
• 10 laborers $175 a day
FOR COMPANY WORK
% 20 laborers ..-................5175 a day
: Free Fare .Ship To-day ...... Free Fare
•
5 rough carpenters $3 a day
Railroad work .....Free Fare
¦ ; Screw setter, country sawmill. $40 and board;
2 carpenters, country sawmill, $50 and board.
...........HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....
Head and second cooks, country, $75 and $50;
fry cook, ; restaurant. $60; cake baker, $40;
bakers' helper. $35; butcher, country shop,
$12 a week; waiter. - country . hotel. $27 50;
butler, private family, $40..' ,
j 6 colored extra waiters, country hotel, $2 and
fare : ; .......... .-..;
C. R. HANSEN & C 0...- 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $75 for a
plain everyday business; will pay $60 to $65
•a month; experience not required; place per-
manent. Apply at 765 Market st., room 3. ,\
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wages $6; steady work for a first-class man;
best of wages. 459 Twelfth st. Oakland; tele-
phone Main 862. '
GOOD sober man as partner good business: $75
¦ required: this is no fake; come and see.
FARSHMAN. 88 Third St.. room. 2. .
WANTED— Boys from 18 to 20 to learn to
operate sewing machines at GREENEBAUM,
WEIL & MICHELS, 531 Mission st.
WANTED— middle-aged man to run electrto
elevator; wages $30 per month; references.
Address box 1837, Call office. ';
BARBER from 4 o'clock Saturday to noon Sua-
day. 1231 Market st. f :
WANTED— A waiter at New Golden Gate Ho-
tel. 134 Fourth st. ....¦.-'. <
WANTED— at Manhattan House 825 Bat.
tery st.
PORTER wanted at Royal House barber shop,
' ' 126 Ellis at' ' ' ¦ .
WANTED— A finisher on cement sidewalk
work to-day at 784 Harrison st. - ¦¦ . - '
BOY over 16 to drive delivery wagon; reference.
.311 Sutter st. ¦
BARBERS, attention— shop for sale
cheap. Twenty-first and Mission sts.
WANTED— A boys' and children's salesman at '
RAPHAEL'S. ...
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d ats.
BLACKSMITH wanted; good general work-
man and shoer. H. HORTOP, Rutherford, Cal
WANTED— marble and granite letterer. Ad-
dress box 1549, Call office.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good'
character, between the ases of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
. office. 40 Ellis st. .San Francisco. •
1000 MEN ' wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work;, steady work, good board and best
¦wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery at., room 25, San Fran-
Cisco, Cal. ' ¦ . .
AN Al solicitor wanted, for city and vicinity;
I must give good references; profitable and per-
I manent work for good man. 310 Safe Deposit
! - Building. •- , - '
WANTED— AII-round tailor, sober man, steady
work year round, highest wages paid; bush-
elman also wanted. Address P. O. box 144.
Llvei more, Cal. •- .»
WANTED— A first-class die maker: also first-
class tool maker. The J. A. GRAY COM-
PANY. 215 Mission st
I WANTED — A first-class crockery, china ware
and glassware man; state age, . experience and
salary expected. Apply box 2009, Call office.
j WANTED— Reliable young man; plain work;
! no experience required; $15 week; must have
some cash. 1221 Market at. rm. 1. upstairs.
i FIRST-CLASS coatmaker:' good pay; steady
work. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Mar-
j ket st. . .
MEN to -learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required: tools donated: positions guaranteed:
catalogue free. . MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE, €35 Clay st. ;. ¦
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
. rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week. . .
1 ' WANTED— Young man to run lever " electrical
j elevator; state age, experience and salary ex-
pected, box 1779, Call office,
i WANTED— Experienced silk and dress goods
salesman; state age, experience and salary |
expected. Box 1778, Call office.
— Experienced- - domestic salesman ;
. state age.' experience and ¦ salary expected.
. Box 1777. Call office.
WANTED— Agents to solicit for portraits; good
" inducements. Royal Portrait Co., 143 . Sev-
enth st. • .
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted: apply
l a. m., Stevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES !
Lyons,- London Tailor. ; 721 Market at-
WANTED— Agent, woman or man, for dyeing
and cleaning works.. 1643 Market st.
WANTED— A man cook at 330 Main st.
BARBER shop, paying well, for sale; a bar-
I gain. 803 Kearny st. ' ;
BARBER— Good 2-chalr shop doing $40 week,
cheap to-day. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
RULER wanted. Apply to 204 Pine st.
i GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts. ,
WANTED— and ironmolders. 505
Mission st "¦ . "¦ ?".-¦•'¦„•
YOUNG men ¦ to learn . barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
ABLE solicitors .can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call Building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. 'HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third at
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R. :
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; Ire«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .-'-¦' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRfANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at MM
Valencia • st. •.- ,'»«..--• ..;."..
HORSKS AXD "¦ WA«O.\S. >--
DO not fall to ¦ attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. November 20, at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade Horse Market. . 327 ' Sixth st. » JOHN'
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just in; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; $60 to $V! 0
the team. JOHN H. HALTON, 1732 Market
FOR — At 'reasonable figure, one handsome
6-year-old brown gelding; gentle; also pneu-
matic top buggy, almost new; good , harness,
etc. Address H.. 305 Larkln St., room 63.
A— SORREL team ' mares, young, sound, ¦ styl-
ish and gentle, for sale.- TWOMEY. 820 Fol-
som st - . ¦ ' . * ¦ t .
j FOR Sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stabl»
1375 Eddy st, a fine lot of carriage, , road an.l
business horses. . -.. ¦;• ¦ 4  s
ONE 1-horse truck, one . 4-ton express wagon-.
1 gurney: all second-hand;; one second-hand
trap. CAVILL MFG. CO.. #48 Eighth st.
Second-hand milk ¦or light delivery
wagon. H. G. THOMPSON, 603 California st.
1 VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
¦ hands; sound, gentle. ; E. ¦ S.. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. : DALZIEL. . 605 G. G. aye.
: CHEAP— New panel tody delivery. 1 laundry 1
, baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of. wagons, '¦ buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN. & SON*. 2U7 Mission st!
: AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
! camping wagon fifr sale, cheap. 532 Mission
I HOUSES TO LET. . : -
A— PRINTEDIis t ¦ hou^es^Ton^tTnsena^fo^^iT"
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. it Montgomery: •
A.— SUNNY. 10 rooms, bath; near Van N'esi
aye. : rent - reasonable. 1523 Bush st. .'
_ .LOST; AND :¦ FOUND.-
LOST— One red .covered 1' memorandum - book
railroad timetable In front part of booir £'
dresses of several pec pie following; reward £
Send by Wells-Fargo to F. P. BELL Tracv
< San Joaquln County. | . • ""' ¦ x , ,ray»c y»
LOST— Sunday, a checker board locket ft *i "
monds. Kelly & Brenn^j^^Vjj.'^
LOST— Alligator purse containing Fke^sT^T"?
rings, small change and horsesho* ?„ ? 7
Grant aye., or near there Rp" ar ,i m, ,X° n
vs. &aSßL£rßiSgg
LOST iD FOP^TL; — Con tlnaedr*~X»
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th»
name of FANNIE COHN; No. 143,747; th*
finder will please return to bank. ¦
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MRS. E. M. CRAWFORD; No. 156,-
256; the finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. J
TO order also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al earDet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 tc 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. ¦
"' -* UATKI.HUMIAL. ~~*
MARRIAGE bureau! estab. ISS7; reliable ant
confidential: list. 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 EIHs at.
MEDICAL^
DR. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick anil la
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases hay»
been relieved by my medical treatment; fre»
confidential advice on all subjects of a dcli-
i cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— Dr. and Mrs. Sweet Is a graduate of th»
Royal University of Berlin: has had 25 years'
experience in midwifery cases ; has opened
strictly private sanitarium at her own r^-*-J
dence, 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th ; takes ladies be-]
fore and during confinement, with best \>t/
motherly care; terms reasonable; infants
, adopted; every case guaranteed to be restored
to best of health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles', specialists for female complaints: in-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience:
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor; hours 3 to B.
THE original MRS. VIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; offlc*
house 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and » to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; horn*
in confinement 1128 Market »t..«S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees. .
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice la
S. F. ; maternity home: fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NG TOY KKE, 210 Stockton st., opposita
Union gquare: air diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AND MINING.
WANTED— Mining locations where dry washer
can be successfully used. Send full particu-
lars to C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. rat. 6.
MISCELLANEOUS— SALE.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom. chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. IOEh
• Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue. <
AT great sacrifice, to be removed immediately,
the office fixtures used short time only by
Transcontinental Passenger Association, at 17
New Montgomery st. consisting of fire and
burglar-proof safe, 58 feet of new counters,
office partitions^ linoleum, etc. Inquire of
D. F. PARKER. 605 Market st.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shay-
ers, 1 etc. ; also wood-working tools, such as
hand saws, wood planers, ahapers, stickers,
mortisers. saws. ate. J. B. JARDINE. 220
Fremont st.
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc., is being in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office. 23
Stockton st. All you need Is a very small
deposit "_
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
GASOLINE engines— 2s H. P., BH. P. Otto: 3
H. P. Hercules. NEWELL BROS., 58 Blux-
ome st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co..
9 Stevenson st. ¦ . .
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— 2s H. P. DISTILLATE engine: never used:
very fine machine. Box 2016. Call office.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and"
sold. J. Sllverman, 984 Folsom; tl. Folsm 1191.
PUG puppies- for sal«. 515 Ivy aye.. off Oc-
tavia St., bet. Hayes and Grove. ¦¦¦• •"¦:¦".£
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
, retired from business. -^
SEND 10c for a packet of ' "California Zephyr"
! sachet. THE LAMBERT CO.. Oakland. Cal.
STABLE, cor. 25th and Guerrero sts.. to be re-
> moved. WM. PRIEST. 3512 25th at.
WE buy- and sell nothing but second-hand car-
pets. D. GREEN WALT & CO., 708 Valencia.
WINDMILL, pump and tank, almost new. F.
MICHELSEN. 1230-32 Hampshire st.
1 NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand, 128 Kearny st. rm. 29.
CHEAP — i hp. gasoline engine, steam pump, 1
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 546 Mission st.
BOATS, launches rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
2D-HAND pipe 4. 3. 2, 1. % in.; half price of
new. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; reduc-
; tion of $53. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st. :  :\
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
1 GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-har.d.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second - hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento* st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scales; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CONTRACTORS to use coke ashes and clink-
ers. South Park Malt House. Brannan st.
between Fifth and Sixth.
A PAIR of genuine crown diamonds about Hi
karats. Box 1374, Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
v skins. Box 1205. Call office. -
HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing, jewelry;
send postal. J. COHN. 229 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. , WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at : tel. Folaom 2522.
r _ MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner buildingT
f $4,500,000 at lowest rat«»
t ' •--• Loans made
•" On first and second mortgages
..Life interests In. estates
Undivided interests in real estate
Property being held in trust
......Life policies. Estates in probate.......
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
A— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interest* in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase i
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN/?
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor. Crocker bigg.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT.
First second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
.-¦ R. Mi ' AN
. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3
THE Portland Loan Office. ' 25 Stockton st.
phone Bush 484, has a new idea in money
lending: phone v* or send word and we will
call; money lent on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, etc.. also pianos and furniture, with-
out removal at low rates, or call on us; con-
fidential. ; ,
$250 000— ASTERN capital to loan at low rate-
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages city or town properties, undivided in-
. terests in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as ,i
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER.
364 Parrott building.
ANY nroDositlon, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second an.l third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate Interest :r estates, legacies, undivided
interest?, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests corporation loans, Room 18.
floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN..
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1865;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia
Loan Office. 9 ('.rant aye.. near Market at;
tel. Black 5471. ¦ _.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra *
ries goods in warehouse. etc. :any amount;lomA
est rates: private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery sir
ON furniture, pianos and other collaterals,
lowest 'rates: quick; by private party. ISO
. Market st., room 10. • tArty^ropmfltfrm; an: amount. lowest rates on I
tmigaXßM. estates, legacies, undivided later* \
e*ts. chattel mortgages, etc.; enterprises of |
tr.Vrlt a lap sought. D. J. Halloran. 20G Kearny.
HIGHLY respectable private i>lace to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
«Et ratet. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S4o Market
St.; to. Main IZ'A. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant aye., near
Geary it.; phone Red 1603.
A MILLION Pt 4 per cent; smaller amounts at !
!•; c.ty or farm property; long time; state |
amount <le*!ied and location of property P. I
O. box 2C75. _ .v*
• AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city-
?irc.ooo en large ranches at fair rates; st-ond
mortgages. P.. J. MERCER & SON, 412 Pine.
ON real csitte. Ist or 2nd mortgages, on furni- i
ture or pianos without removal; any amount-
lowcrt l-atps. Becker &Co.. ;« Montgomery!
CASH loar>ed to yalar-ed people on note with-
but !nOc-.Tcr or on mcrterases at 6 per cent per
anrfum. MOIIRELL. COS Examiner building.
LOWEPT rates on furniture, etc. by private i
party; no removal; no commission; conflden- ',
tlal. r.ocn 3. Cor.servatcry b'.dg.. 301 Jones.
S% on furniture and pianos; Jl5 up: no removal-
no ccrr.m:<-<:Um; private. Royr. si. 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal- no '
comnv.?. ; confidential. Whitehcad. 1706 Market.
R6J OX real estate: mortgaged property ex- i
ol '"- ; for clear. LEVITZKY, 314 Montgom. !
ON furniture, piaros; lowest rate; no removal • i
f^ictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister et.
— y — ' 1 I
CT- I"' t: r cent on furniture: $5 ¦ nth on each I
$V3O; r.r.y security. 302 Montgomery Ft., r. 1. ;
ON raraUsre. pianos; no removal ; money !
o,U!ck; lowed interest: easy frms; no broker- !
fege; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S. !
IF you ivur.t a home I will loan you money to
_ b '->' it. A. I- RI'DELL. JS BaMwmTat.
ON' SALARIES without irser: other propo- \
Elt:o;-,s. y. y. p^ccunt Agency. 113 Phelan big. ;
THK TOCBIi&T Company; !oans and dis- I
cou;ii!--. £-21 rarrott building. . j
LOANS rrr.rtry nn salary; no indorser; Eastern I
r^n. Wr^^-m fan <>.. 30a T'-vlan hldg. j
MLSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock, I
b.-'th new and second hand. Is the largest
v-o>t of Chicago anu jnciudfs the most re-
l:al .c makers to choo.-e Iron. New pianos
*o.d upon easy payments of *S per month; ;
*cr.;e good piar.es for %Z. $4 and $; per month.
EHEHMAN. CLAY & CO.. Jsteinway dealers, I
<crr.er Kearny ar.d Sutter sts., San Fran-
c:*cc: corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. !
Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents most famous end oldest
-American makt-s; easy payments; big allow- ,
ance Jor second-hand pianos; rents 12 up al-
lowed: bargains. ?25 up; Stein ways, |i£s;
Ctoiekeririßs. $1K; 50 others; agents wanted
*17 Geary st.
CTEOK. Everett. Hardman. Packard, Lud- I
wig. Harrh:s:ton. Conover and other pianos.
These makes we are new offering for Pale :
in our \\h>:ef=a> wareicoms at 93.1 Market
ft. to any retail buyer at wholesale prices;
100 empty piano bor.es for sale at 50c each.
TKg_U'ILEY R. ALLEN CO.. SS3 Market.
JS^TENTION. IiAKGAIN HUNTERS— "
VfccnO-haml . right pianos frcm $55 up.
f eccnd-har.ii square pianos '- m $50 up.
Kecor.d-hand organs from (23 up; new up-
richt pianos from $!75 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SOX. in to 10 OTarrell. Checkering, Mason
ar.<! Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano soid Ly us taken back any time I
within 2 years and full purchase price a!- '
lcwed en a i:ew peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only ZOc a day to buy a I
liano from ug. KOHLER & CHASE Si' '
O'Farrell ft: established 1850.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
case Kr.abe upright, almost new; also Steck
CEk case: Hardman square. $45; organ« |»5
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
_ & ro.VP and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
ASK us about cur new Mart of selling pianos;
hew does $1 50 per ween strike you? Agents
for Winner. Decker & Son. Baumeister and ',
others. THE ZEXO -VAUVAIS MUSIC CO !
TCi> Market Et.
OTHER let of hisr.-,-ra<!e new and second-
hand pianos Just rut on sale for storage; dirt i
clieap: must s?ell; 110 reserve; installments If
desired. Wilsons Storage. 170 C Market st.
FOR eale— Silver-plated E cornet, Conn, make; !
good as new. 724 Mission st. !
Sacrifice: besutirul new upright piano; $200 less :
than cost: leaving city. 21* Leavenworth st.
$3-HERTZ piano; rood for practice; SchaCer
upripht. nearly new. JM. 217 fErrr rt.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H. j
:.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
/ MER, Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton, !
/ fpielmar.n pianos. SOS Post st. i
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
'SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
rnske; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister. i
AT KEEFFES. 22 Turk Bt , near Market—
Ehcninger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains. j
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
Tr.i. PPQTT-CrRTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A.— SUNNY new!;, papered; light and Jar.itor 1
free: tin upward. 410 Kearny st. m
COMPLETELY furnished offices and rooms at i
Sl* Kearny St.; rent reasonable. I
_^ oil:
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order- all
chesp. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission Vt.
I I) DECORATORS.
KOOMS ••-red, $3 ur>: leaks and plastering i
rfrpaired. 21S Third et. x
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME 1 -KLLI. scientific palmist. 51J
Taylor tt.. bet. <Jeary and Post; tel. Black 561. !
JCEERGAARD. president St. Germain College. j
roa-jy irem 1 to :,. 700 Post: phone Hyde 23SS.
a~ \\U I'KSSIOAS.
PENSION advice fr»e; general practitioner. ]
TOKO. I). CAMPBELL lawyer. Examiner bldg. j
L.S.
ARRIVED— The greatest living authority on !
feminir.e beauty. Dr. N. Cc Savoysky of Paris |
dermatologist to the Empress of Austria, has
consented to meet the ladies at La Vente
parlors during his stay in the city; he teaches '
now to preserve or acquire h«alth youth and ¦ '
beauty; his treatment of deep wrinkles sur- ;
passes arything done in this country; moles, I
a.l tkin blemishes and superfluous hair perma- '
nently removed without pain or tears by mod
em European methods; consultation free 3
to sp. m. La Verite Parlors. 114 Market st '
opposite Hales. . '' |
F. J. LYNCH. Swedish and Russian massage. I
treated scientifically; recommended by the •
leading physicians in the city -
, 1 .^W st-. room 54. office hours— 10 I
Hjde 2111 now Bush 43, regidenct phone!
Special attention given to patients at their
homes. Facial and scalp specialty.
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, cario« and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL. 11$ Geary
et., largest curio More in America- visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. 115; with these euits we make an extra
pair cf pants free of charge: other suits on in-
stallments. ?I weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket et., between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever
painless and without tear, with electricity by
MIES GP.UBER. the cosmetic artist, "zsjg
Eighteenth Ft., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1261.
POSITIVE- cure— Pave your friend; Mooser Co
Gold Cure for Drunkenness; we have testi-
monials; direction to give secretly; pri«> *5 ,
.Address 1125 Geary Ft., S. F. *" j
f^-USINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta- '
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go Into court i
Room 611, Examiner bldg.; phone Black 380 i!
ZRS. ERIGGS. dermatologist— Superfluous hair
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re- :
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. 96S Batter: tei. Larkin 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price '
" t2 £0 per bottle. For circulars. . Pinu« Med. !
Co., 754 Valencia St., 6. F. ; tel. Church 157 L |
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester j
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market; 700 rooms;
Vie to :i £0 per night; »1 &0 to $6 per week; I
!ree 'bus fetid baggage to and from the terry. j
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
£t by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
tad The •« signer now ready. J. XV. EVANS,
licmestic ofS«*o. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ARTISTIC halrdresßlng 25c; manicuring 25c; |
Miacipoclng EOc; hair dyeing, wigs, switches ;
and front pieces. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton. I
AT cash riot*; ladles' tailor-made tuits, coats, j
Eilk waists, trimmed hat?, skirts, etc.; weekly
payraestg. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 356 Fifth at.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental meth-QE; electric roleau; cup«r3u-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey j
Kia-ora. parlors 230 butter; phone Black 1322. ;
A. KLIN A PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of I
continual youth- EOc, postpaid; free demon-
_ #• *'.!cn: come and see us. Bon-Ton. 224 Post..
KKFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair if! faling or you are bald, call on
S.Moore. iS2 O'Farrell; send for circular.
PERSONALS —
WHITE enamel iron bed*, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 13. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Lroadway.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1043 Market Et.. cpp. McAllister St.
A— VIDA Company permanently cures stomach ¦
trouble. 736 Valencia St.. bet. 18th and 19th.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman, 984 Folsom; teL Folsom 1191.
j ELECTRICITY is life. Mme. Zella gives
treatments. 1020 Market st. VA*
: DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it: all druggists; phone Pine 2386. >
| ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray ;
hnlr tr. its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs: ;
country order?. GOLDSTEIN & C 0. .733 Markt.
800 MEX wanted to order suits for $1 per week. ;
KUHACB & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
! TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants. 11 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold Filver. diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. P.. JENKEL. 817 Mark-it st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minn->. St.
I- _ =
| PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEON'S.
' DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
i IC2IH Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.'
] DR. WONG HIM. herb doc^pr. successfully
' treats a'!- diseases of the human body: see
j testimonials at office. 113-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
i A— DR. V.'ONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
; 704-7*o Clay M.: see testimonials at office. •
| I'LAXIXG axo tirxixg mills.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Pinning, Shaping
i and Sawing. CART, F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
I UKAI. KBTATK CITI KOK SALE
j A LARGE sized lot in the Mission or a 50-
! vara lor in the Western Addition, suitable for
' building lioures on, wanted to purchase. W.
1 J. GUNN. £30 California st.
i IF you have any lots to sell on the streets run-
ning from Yallejo north to Lombard, or on
the cross streets, between Van Ness aye. and
Baker, on the west, then call on W. J.
GUNN. DO California st.
A CHEAP corner or inside lot wanted to pur-
chase, between 14th and 24th sts., Sanchez and
Mission. V.'. J. Gunn, 530 California St. !
{ TWo houses containing 4 flats, 5 rooms and
I bath, on Greenwich st., near Jones; lot 30x120,
fronting two streets: {7000; cash or install-
ments. Inquire 2300 Leavenworth • st., by
Owner.
AT a bargain; only one left out' of four; brand
new house. 10 rooms andTßith; everything
modern. 217 Cole St., near Fell; owner on
remises.
14100-A GREAT bargain; 22 lots \n heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only ?200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY. j
395-3»6 Parrott building.
A BARGAIN; house. 8 rooms. $1200; terms
same as paying rent. . Apply SE. cor. Ala-
bama and Montcalm sts.
A SACRIFICE; new cottage, 4 rooms, modern
improvements; terms same as paying rent.
Apply Stoneman st., near Folsom.
BARGAIN— S2IOO: terms; house. 9 rooms; lot?
to suit. SHADBURNE. 616 Sacramento st.
FOR Eale — Cottage of 4 rooms. large basement
and yard: half cash. 2022 Pierce st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY Sale
EXECUTRIX auction sale of the fine ranch,
live stock and farming implements of the late
Frank Haera. Esq., Midway, Alameda Coun-
ty. Sale Saturday. November 16, at 1 p.m.
The ranch comprises 648 acres. It is one of
the richest and choicest ranches in Livermore
Valley; spring* all over ranch; houses, barns,
etc. Will be subdivided into quarter sections
if desired. Sold on terms to suit. Also 6
horses, 100 tens of hay. 60 head of cattle,
farming implements, etc. This is a grand
chance to get a fine ranch at your own price;
no limit; must be sold. By order of the ex-
ecutrix. MRS. C. HAERA. J. A. MUNRO &
CO.. auctioneers. Office Alameda, Cal.
' 40- ACRE almond orchard for sale; a snap bar-
; gain; trees are healthy and in good bearing;
at $1.10 an acre cash; 53 miles from San Fran-
.csico; river transportation; fare 50c from San
Francisco by boat; 1 year's crop will pay the
amount asked for the land; lovely climate.
For further particulars apply at store of CON-
RADI & GOLDBERG. 730 Montgomery, S. F.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO I
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Kan Francisco is growing ' rapidly; location i
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st., for pam- j
phlets and information.
A RARE chance for home-seekers; land for j
your labor; fine fruit, table and wine grape '
land; for particulars call on C. QT'IGGLE. at ;
the Wh'ttaker & Ray Co.. 723 Market St., 9
to 12 a. m. Address WHITTAKER & RAY
CO.. Gait. Cal. ft>
MODEL fruit ranch of 38 acres near Newcastle
i for cash or exchange. Owner at A. M.
SPECK & CO.. €67 Market st.
?::,0 >— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El j
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222. Call office, j
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call, 1
36 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year. •
alameda' advertisements. -
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. "
NEW cottage. 6 rooms; about finished; terms ]
$28oO; will build new oottage. 6 rooms. Santa
Clara, aye.. near Morton St.; lot 40x120. J. H.
YOUNG. 3243 Park st.
A SNAP near Morton-st. station— s2Boo; cottage !
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 75x145: cottage cost
$1900. CHARLES ADAMS & CO., Bay sta-
tion, Alameda.
BARGAINS: improved tc unimproved property !
acquired by foreclosure; 14 cash. Bank of Ala. j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2750— FORCED sale, on Dwight way, near Col-
lege, modern seven-room cottage; large lot;
house worth the money. Address box 2352,
Call office. Oakland. ;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB .BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A MILLIONAIRE'S HOME. .'"¦'"""
Offered because he has gone East.
$20,000— House 8 rooms- and 2 baths; built
1900; ¦ every modern convenience; Ideal' in
every respect; must be seen to be appreciated;
let 75x175; prominent corner: 1004 Grand St..
N.E. corner San Jose aye., in Alameda, near
local train to S. F. ; - electric cars' pass prop- '
erty; key at office. -
6. M. DODGE & SON.
.;.'-'¦-"" 1160 Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN— S62S— A five-room cottage in Eaot
Oakland, near Twenty- third-avenue local sta-
tion; one block from' electric cars; lot 25xJ25;
rice reduced; easy terms if desired; street
work done. S. M. DODGE & SON, 11G0
Broadway.
$2450— ATTRACTIVE cottage (high basement),
6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100; prominent street;
near local train station to city; owner leav-
ing -own; must be sold. 8. M. DODGE &
SON. 1160 Broadway. ¦ ' '
A PICK-UP. . .
SEE IT TO-DAY.
$7250— Sacrifice; near- Senator Perkins ele-
gant home, 8 rooms; new carpets, cost $800 4
months used; everything in superb order; big
lot; barn; mortgage $5000; best immediate offer
secures what has cost $10,000.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.. 
4CO and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
ELEGANT modern two-story Eastlake
house of 8 large rooms with modern, . open
plumbing, porcelain bath, natural curly red-
wood Interior finish; . first class in every re-
spect; complete to a detail: lot 45 ft. front;
tunny side, elevated ground; close to Tele-
graph aye. . -
GEO. TV. AUSTIN- & CO.. .
' 1008 Broadway, Oakland. •
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to XV. E. BARNARD,
118 Broadway; telephone Main lft -
OAKLAXD FIRXITIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schcllhaas,' the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin.' Oakland.
i 1 . L ¦—^»
I ROOMS FOR j HOUSEKEEPING. A.
, A— ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna—
corner suite, all complete for housekeeping;
near school and park; a quiet and pleasant
home; rent reasonable; other sunny suites. .
EIGHTH. 248, near Market — Large sunny
alcove room, with or without kitchen; bath. ¦ ;
FOLSOM, 684— Sunny housekeeping room;'
closets, stove, bath; private; $1 50 a' week.
GEARY. 1225— Finely furnished front parlor^
with mantel and kitchen; gas stove.
JONES, 305—3 nicely furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping; other rooms , also.
LARKIN, 819H — Large • sunny housekeeping
room; gas stove, bath and phone; $12. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1901.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING Con.
MINNA, 281, ¦ corner Fourth— Furnished house-
keeping complete; also sunny front double;
excellent for 2 persons. :•'»¦-. •„.'¦ •' »'
OCTAVIA. •So3 > Two rooms for housekeeping;
rent ?S; Saturday ar.d Sunday. ,-...• ¦ ¦• :-
TURK, 613— Two furnished housekeeping rooms,
$12. , . ' ' , ~" ' . '-.. ';
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established- at 1096
Valencia st. ' ...
ROOMS TO LET-— Fnrn. and U "* nrn '
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant^
sunny;, Brill attached; : Tic per day and up-
ward; special rates by week or month; take
McAUlster-st. cars from ferry to door. » '
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 ; Sixth— Rooms,'
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping- rooms; open all night. ¦
ALABAMA; 1006— 2 . furnished rooms, use of
kitchen.. ... .  :¦
A SUNNY suite and -singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton Bt.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1304)—
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices, reasonable.
EDDY, 499. cor. Hyde Furnished room; sunny,
running water, new flat. - . . .','*'
EDDY, 592, near Franklin— front suite,,
with piano.
ELLIS. 413— Elegantly furnished front room. ¦
j ELLIS, 771— New. clean and homelike rooms;
privilege of kitchen; 2 parlors; also single.
ELLIS, 310 — Front parlor and 2 large rooms;
finely furnished ; sunny ; reasonable; private.
* ELLIS. ; Nicely furnished room with pri-
| vate; bath attached. ,
\ FOLSOM, S2o— Furnished rooms to let. $1 per
week. - : ... . . :
' FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
! transient; baths. Mrs: King, Turk & Taylor.
; GEARY. 403, ' The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
i suites and single; travelers accommodated.
; GOLDEN GATE aye., 1521—3 large unfurnished
i rooms; also 2 rooms in rear. - - •
! GOUGH. 437— Licht furnished rooms, sunny;
j gas, bath, single or suites.
j HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis Sunny out-
i side rooms; single, $2; suites, $3 50 per week;
; newly renovated; elevator; baths.
! HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
I St., near Market— Central location: new build-
ing; elegantly furnished: strictly first-class;
j Me per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars' to Turk st. .¦ :
HYDE, 133. bet. Golden Gate and Turk— Nnce-
ly furnished, sunny rooms; also housekeeping.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely * fur"
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up. .
j O'FARRELL, — Sunny furnished i rooms and
j offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
| O'FARRELL, 332— Handsomely furnished sunny
; parlor floor; references.
j ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
; reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
: lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
! JS; months, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
j floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
; SHERMAN Apartment House, ¦ 28 Eighth si.,'
i . near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. . ¦ • . .
I SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
! to $7;. singles. $2 to $.» per week; transient. -
i TO Rent— Sunny unfurnished double parlor;
suitable for doctor's office or dressmaking
parlor. - 34 Octavia St., corner Hal Eh t.
! TURK, 543— Clean, quiet single room with bath,
$5 per month; private.
\ CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
i lencia st. • ~-
j
ROOMS AND BOARD.
; ALMORA, 20th and Mission— Newly furnished
; suites and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
! cial rates; first-class board if desired. ¦ ;
$IS— lO2l SUTTER— Large front rooms; sepa-
; rate beds; alcove; hot and cold water; Span-
ish practice. ' .¦¦-•.¦: \v ¦-.
i THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye. .
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome - furnished parlors
all conveniences; other sunny . suites;.. best
table board. . . . .' ' <
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. - . -. - . .
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourista
LARGE nicely furnished front room; use par-
lor: piano and phone, 850 Van Ness aye. *
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive mi.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
i WANTED at 2026 Pine St., a few first-class
boarders with references. . . - . ..
ROOMS WANTED. ~
FURNISHED room in private family, with or
without board. Box 2028, Call office.
WANTED— A room for 2 gentlemen with use
of yard; near Market st. Box 1527, Call office.
¦ RIPTIRE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market st.; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. " PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
| CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 1C rages, sent to any address in the
United States cr Canada one year for $1. '
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged- re-
pairlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell ' sts. ; tel. Main 6718.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 841, F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main l 40; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWrTtErTs—
ceil better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
¦ typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sangome.
¦ proposals. ~ .; ; .
SEALED proposals in duplicate will be re-
ceived at the office of the Lighthouse En-
gineer, San Francisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock
i . m., December 13, 1901, and • then opened for
the rental of ' Anacapa Island, Ventura
County, Cal. (reserved by Presidential order
as a lighthouse reservation), for a period of
five years. Information and blank forms of
proposals furnished on application !to Lieu-
tenant Colonel CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS, Corps
it Engineers. U. S. A.. Lighthouse Engineer.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: : , .
Philip Jenkins,' CO, Beulah, and Eva Reeder
69, 2247 Mission 'street. . - '
John T. Edner. 34, 1222 Mission street, and
Margurette .Blrtrum, 24, 3V4 Larkin street. •
Lafrenz Foge, 26, 600 Second street, and
Anna Schomacker,- 20, 552 Bryant street. ¦
Agustln IS. Violante, 23, 730 Vallejo street '
and Altagracia Rivas, 22, 1421 Mason street.
Jacob Held, 33, -16 Sycamore avenue, and
Anna Hage, 20, 1019 MpAllißter street.
Albert E. Willsher, <28. London,' England,
and Catharine J. Craft, 24, Portland, Or. i -.->- j -
Alfred G. McAdanf. 29. 721' Cole; street, and
Mabel Van, 25, 302 Julian avenue. -
Henry L. Lescajut? 27, 416 Vallejo street, and
Angelina Ribet. 22, 820 Pacific street.
Francisco Yparraguirre, 33, 1347 Powell street,
and Jcsefa Arrlet> 23. 1347 Powell street.
Joseph We!sbaum.,\ 35, city, and ' Elsie Levy.'
23, city. ' ' ¦•;.••-- ;..- „-.•."¦ •¦• ¦ . -. ¦¦¦¦:-,,¦
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES—DEATHsT"
Birth, marriage ' and ' death ' notices -sent ¦by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either -of the publication . of flees and be
indorsed with the name ¦ and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .- :
: BORN.
ARNOLD— In Paso Robles, Cal., November 14,
! 1901, 5 to - the wife of Charles •H. Arnold, a
i son. ' -¦ - • - • " ,- * .Sc - - .
FRY— In this city. November 15. 1901, to the
wife of George L. Fry, a daughter. .-
MARRIED. -; V"
HARNESS— SIMPSON— In this city, November
13, 1901, by the Rev. Frank K. Baker, Claude
Harness and May Simpson, , both ¦of .Butte, .
< Mont. ¦ . • . . :¦
LAMBRECHT — STEVENSEN— In/this . city,
' November ¦ 14,' 1901, by the Rev. O. Groens-
berg, . Christian M. Lambrecht : and Thea' L.
'.Stevensen.. -¦''.. --. ¦ .: •;¦ " • .'
SIMMONS— KELFORD—In this city, Novem-
ber 14, : 1901, by the Rev. -Arthur H. Brlggs,
pastor of : Central •M. E. Church, Rolla Orin
Simmons of Tabcre, New York, and Ida
Winifred Kelford of Calabogie, Canada.
"~~~ ..-;¦_ DIED. .
Arnold, Minnie Karnes. . John ;
Baber, Martha Levy, Isaac
Black, James C. Mooney, Michael
Blum, Barbara j Morris, Robert v
I Burns. Sarah Nichols. , Dr. F. C.
• Coombes. Elizabeth Olaguez, Francesca ; -
Davidson.- Ella - O'Brien, Mary t
Frydendell, Mary .. Pooler, William :F. .
Giles, Liza A. ,\ Portmann, J. H. C.
Giles. William C. I Reid. Thomas C. -'
* Ha* Brouck, Joseph - Stringham, Chas. E.
Howard, Leon Thron, Hedwig '
Hunt, Edward : Watson, Martin V.
Jurix. Louise Wilke. Gustave B. E.
ARNOLD— In *thia city, November '¦ 15. 1901.
Minnie, beloved wife of William A. Arnold,
a native of California, aged 25 years.
BABER— In this city, November 16, 1901, Mar-
tha, beloved wife of J. I. Baber, and mother
of Dr. John F. White of Auburn, Cal.. a
native of England, aged 54 years. '• .;
BLACK— In this city, November 15, 1901, James
C. Black, a native of Scotland, aged 65 years.
BLUM— In this city, November 14, 1901, Bar-
bara Blum, dearly beloved wife of Marx
Blum, mother of Emma H. ! Blum, daughter
of AV'lliam and Barbara Schudel of Switzer-
land, and sister of Mrs. Christ : Stamm. Mrs.
. C. Gatzert and Anna Schudel, a native of
Beggingen, Canton • Schaffhausen. Switzer-
land, aged 33 years 6 months and 4 days. . .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 616 Green street. Interment \ Laurel
¦ Hill Cemetery. -
BURNS— In this city, November 14, 1301, Sarah,
relict of the late Edward Burns, and mother
. of William and Joseph Burns and the - late
, I Edward Burns, a native of Ireland, : aged 68
¦years, r. \ ' • -. ¦ . ,*-?"
ICTFriends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-da/
(Saturday), at '8:30 o'clock, , from her late
residence, 616 Capp street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ' .
COOMBES— this city, November 14, 1901,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of . Samuel C.
Coombes, and mother of Mrs. Emily Dunlap, ;
Charles W. Coombes, Mrs. Laura S. Thomas,
Mrs. Seclly A. LamDe of Australia and Sam-
uel A. Coombes, a . native of England, aged
- 64 years 3 months and 14 days. (England and '
Australia papers please copy.)
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day :
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Internment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage. ¦-. -. ¦ . ¦¦ • ¦
DAVIDSON— In Alameda, November 15, 1901,
Ella Davidson, beloved wife of Thomas Da-
vidson, a native of New York, aged 39 years.
Icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
•Church, Alnmeda. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
FRYDENDELL— In this city, November 14,
1901, Mary Frydendell, beloved wife ; of the
late Walter Frydendell, sister of. the late
Bernard, Philip and Mrs. Donohue, and sis-
ter of Rose Faehrty, a native of County
i Monaghan. • Ireland, aged 75 years. . ... .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, -from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Brigid's Church, where
a solemn requiem, mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross , Cemetery. J
GILES— Near Cisco. November 13» 1601, Liza
Ann, wife of William C. Giles, and sister of
, James B. Richards, a : native of England,
aged 49 years. . ' - v • •
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington street.
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. . -
GILES— Near Cisco, November .13, 1901. Wil-
liam C. husband of Liza Ann Giles, a na-
tive of England, aged 50 years. - » : ¦
(ETFrlends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, at. the par-
lors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View \ Ceme-
tery. ¦ .- . ¦¦ -
HAS BROUCK— In Ross Valley, Cal., Novem-
ber 13, 1901, Joseph, beloved L husband of An-
Einette Has Brou#k, and mother- of Rachel
Has Brouck, a native of New York, aged 62
• years. ¦ v
' in7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Saturday),
at 10 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. . - = . v - "•¦'
HOWARD— In this city, November 14, 1901.
¦ Leon, beloved son of M. J. and Annie How-
ard, and brother of Richard and James How-
ard, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 1
5 months and 7 days. - 1 .. . - •
¦ E7"The funeral took place yesterday (Fri- j
day), from the residence of his parents, . 1108
Vermont street. .-.¦:• ~ ¦ ,. r v- ¦ . 1
HUNT— In Pomona, November 11, 1901. "Ed-
1 ward, 3 beloved ' husband of the tr late Marie
0 Hunt, l and 1 father of Fred X.. James E. and
- George J. Hunt, a native of Bury, England,
: aged 68 years." •• . ".
JUZIX— In this city, November 15, 1901, Lou-
ise Juzlx. beloved - wife of the late Leopold
g Juzlx, and beloved mother of Valery Bal- ¦
lard, Henry. } Louis and Leopold Juzlx, Mrs. |
Almeron Gress and Mrs. J. P. Cooney, a na-
tive of Hamburg, Germany, aged 69 years 9
. month? and 6, days. •• , • :- '* •
tCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the • funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at the French Church
of Notre Dame dcs Victoires, commencing >at
1:15 o'clock. Remains at her late residence,
-228% Eighth street. :
KARNES— In this city, November' 13, 1901,
John, beloved son of the late Bernard and
Ellen Karnes. and I brother of William • and
Mary Karnes, a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years 8 months and 2 days. > , -
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend a requiem high mass
to-day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, at thu
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, ¦ Hart-
- ford street, between Eighteenth and Nine-
- teenth. Interment private. ..- i .
LEVY— setting of the stone 1 of the late I
Isaac Levy will be held Sunday, November ;
17, at New Salem Cemetery, at 12 o'clock. a
MOONEY— The interment of the remains of the j
late Michael Mooney, beloved brother of Cor-
nelius Mooney. Mrs. Ann McNamara, Mrs.
. P. Kelly of Napa City and. the late Mrs. B. i
Boyd, will take place to-day (Saturday), at
1 o'clock, In Holy Cross Cemetery. - Friend 3
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend. •j'-t \ ¦ ¦¦'¦¦¦ • . ¦ -. , ... -
MORRIS— In this city, November 15, 1901, Rob-
ert Morris, a native . of : New York, aged 64
years. ' . ¦ ¦
NICHOLS— In this city,' November 15, 1901,
Dr. Franklin C. Nichols, • a native of Troy,
N. V., aged 73 years and 8 months. .• •
lETFriends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral = to-day
' (Saturday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street. Interment
I. O. ¦O.¦ F. Cemetery. . , "•--. t ....-¦
O'BRIEN— In this city, November 14, 1901, at
her residence, 1830 Natoma street, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Mortimor O'Brien, and
mother of W. J. O'Brien. Mrs. Minnie Ferris,
Mrs. A. C. Josselyn, V Mrs. W. ' Trimble " and
Mis. Mark Noble, a native of Ireland, aged
72 years. . : '¦.•;'.. . . :
ETFuneral private to-day (Saturday), from
her late residence, -1330 Natoma street, at 9:45
' o'clock, thence to • St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, northwest ? corner Eighteenth and
, Shotwell streets, for services. Interment pri-
vate, Holy. Cross Cemetery. :
OLAGUEZ— In i this 'i city, November. ' 12. ' 1901. '
Francesca Olaguez, dearly beloved mother of
August and ; Thomas - Olaguez, and grand-
mother :of Lottie, Frances, August, * Thomas
and Frank * Olaguez, * a native of Durango,
Mexico, aged 60 years 1 month and 8 days.
¦ ¦' Es"Frlends " and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 - o'clock; ! from the family
-¦; residence, 806 Lily avenue, oft. Laguna street,
between Page and , Oak, • thence to Sacred
Heart Church,- corner . Fell .and - Ftllmore
¦ streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of. her soul,
.:. commencing at :10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross cemetery. ;; \ - ¦ ¦ '¦ \
POOLER— the City I and ¦ County Hospital,
November 15, 1901, William F. .Pooler, a na-
t ive of : Illinois, aged 41 years. " \
PORTMANN — In . Braunschweig. ¦ Germany, Oc-
tober 27. 1901, ¦'¦ J. '. H. .C. Portmann.' a native of
Westerstede, Oldenburg, aged ' 75 . years. " :
REID— In this city, November 12, 1901, Thomas
1 C. Reid, a native of London, England, aged
years 10 months 'and 11 days. - - ,- .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to '= Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ' EMBALMERS.
' 20 ' Fifth St., - opposite Lmcoln . School. •
, Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
•. -, San Mateo County. • '
OFFICE blO MARKET STRBET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
•;-; UNITED UNDERTAKERS, ;
17 and 29 Fifth ,'st.^ Tel. South 167.. v -\.t
- FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ; EHBALKEBS.
"¦'-'' Finest Equipment at Moderate' Rates. '¦
JAMES McGINN, ~~
Formerly \ with ' McGinn 8r05., ." has ? opened •
new ' Funeral Parlors ' at > 214 Eddy st., ; bet.
Taylor ¦ and ¦ Jones. •> .Telephone , South 57fi. ''/•_
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel ' McFadden, 18 years manager ¦ for
I the Uolted Undertakers' Association; M. ; J. ¦'¦
¦ Mcßrearty.' with the ! same ; company for ' IV
years; P. F. Green," late with J. C. O'Con- '
; nor & - Co., have opened " new Funeral : Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ¦¦ .
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 222,
I. O. O. F. Cremation I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
STRINGHAM— In Machen, Marin County, No-
vember 12, 1901, Charles E. Stringham, a na-
tive of New York, aged 40 years.
[Cfßemains cremated at I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery November 14.
THRON— In this city, November 15, 1901. Hed-
wig Thron, beloved wife of Louis Thron, and
mother of Mrs. Ida Hopkins, a native of
Saxon, Germany, aged 57 years 5 months and
12 days.
WATSON— In this city, November 14, 1901,
Martin V., beloved husband of Gecreeanna K.
"Watson, a native of Missouri, aged 30 years.
WILKE— In this city, November 15, 1901. Gus-
tave B. E., beloved son of Fred and Louise
Wilke, a native of Colma, aged 15 days.
Florist Co.
*-^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.nca«ELUS 283? 5056
EAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Adolphe and Ernestine Roos to Clara H.
Heller lot beginning 93 N of : Jackson and 85
W of 'Octavia streets. N 34:8Vi. W 11:0%, SW
30:11%, SE to beginning; $10. ; "
' Thomas Brown to Alice Brown, undivided hi
of lot. on S line of Haight street, 165 :« E ol
Flllmore. E 27, S 13:6, W 5, S 27:6, W 25, N 27:6.
E 3. N 137:6; gift. . .
Estate of Amelia V. R. Plxley (by. J.F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust . Company, executors)
to May M. ' Curtis, lot on NE corner of Green
and Stelner streets. N 100 by E 62:6; $3960
Joseph B. and Maggie Clark to Ellse M. Fay.
lot on S line of Bush street, 55 E of Broderick,
E24by S 88; $10. ' .'¦."'¦ =VTV T
Otto W. Carlson (by attorney) to /Norman
Parrish estate (corporation), lot on N line _ of
Clay street. 81:3 E of Lyon, E 2a by N.lOo;
$ 9 300 ' * ' ¦ ¦ - . - . . .
Sidney L. and Annie : C.* Strickland to Mary
E. Brown (widow), lot on W line of Belvedere
street 158:9 S of Waller. S 25 by.W 120; $10. '
Germania Building and Loan Association of
San Francisco to Eliza J. Shaw (wife of L. E.).
lot on E line of Sanchez street. 202 S fit Six
teenth, S 28 by E 90; $10. ¦ '
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to J. J.
Sllva lot on S line of Twenty-ninth street. 189
W of Dolores, W 25 by S 114; $10. _
Edmund E. Scott. Alice M. E. Wilmot
(Scott) Eva and Charles F. Scott (by attorney)
to McDonald Grain and Milling Company, un
divided % of lot on NW corner of Montgomery
and Chestnut streets. W 412:6. N 206:3, E 114:7.
N 68:9, E 97:11, S 275; $42,500.
Margaret Keane or Kane (first party) to Mar
tin S. Keane (son), second party,' life estate,
and - Josephine Keane (granddaughter), third
party, lot on SW line of Morris avenue (Park
avenue) 175 SE of Bryant street, SE 25 by
SW 75; gift. ' ,
Catherine Mallon (widow) to Thomas J. and
James P. Mallon, lot on NW corner of Twenty
third (Nevada) and Vermont streets, thence
3:4, W 100, S 33:4, E 100; gift.
Thomas W. and Christopher ¦• C. ' Rivers . to
Nicholas Weaver, lot on W line of Wisconsin
street, 350 N of Yolo. N 25 by W 100; $510.
George W. Hall to Independent Gas and
Power -Company, lot on E line of Michigan
street, 150 N of Twenty-third (Nevada), N 125:7.
thence S 55V4 degrees, E 128:8, S hi. of a degree,
W 56% S 63% degrees, E 59:10%, W 66:7. N
50, W 100; also all interest in Potrero Nueva
block 443; $10.
The Congregational Associates (a benevolent
corporation) to Plymouth Congregational So
ciety (a religious corporation), the NE portion
of block 96 which is SW of Twenty-fifth avenue
and • Lake or Sacramento street, S 75 .by W
120; also lot on W line of Edinburgh street, 225
N of Persia avenue, N 75 by W 100, block 37,
Excelsior Homestead Association; $10.
Marks and Sophie Davis to Abraham Davis,
lot on S line of Clement street, 107:6 E of Sixth
avenue, E2sby S 100; $10. . . l)
George C. and Etta H. Edwards to Loretta
Westapher (wife of O. lot on W line of Tenth
avenue, 25 S of O street, S 25 by W 100; $2UO.
Anne J. Mayers to Bridget A. Beer (wife of
D. S.), lot 39. block F. Lakevlew; $10.
James W. Warden to Alfred T. Pannell, lot
on SE corner *of Brazil avenue and Moscow
street, E 100 by S 50, block 82, Excelsior Home
stead; $10. ... ' -
Simon and Gussie ' Goberman to Oscar Hey
man lot on SW corner of Wayland and Goet
tingen streets. S 100 by W 120, block 119, Uni
versity Mound Tract; $10. • ' > .: '¦£;
Margaret A. Farren (widow) to Andrew J.
Farren. 1748 D. 24, all interest in estate of
John Wilmot Farren. No. 17,118, reconveyance
deed; $500. /"
Jacob Samuels to Cecilia and Maud O'Connor,
1802 D. 267, interest in estate of Cornelius
O'Connor, deed No. 19,326, reconveyance deed;
$1500. : • / .» ¦
• Alameda County.
John B. Morgan , (administrator of the. estate
of Frances Jackson, James A. and Alvin U.
Jackson I and Ida Jackson Garner) to Peter C.
Nielsen, lot on the N corner of Peralta avenue
and Palm street, NE 30 by NW 125, lot 8,
block B, Fruitvale Electric Road Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $1800.
, J. W. and Alice J. Crlder to James T. Bur
ney,lot on. the S line of Nolan (Thirty-third)
street, 284:6% E of Grove, E 35 by S 170, \ being
a portion of lot 9. Collins Tract, Oakland: $10.
Eliza Savory (Varney) to Delia A. V. Howes
(wife of L. W.), lot on the NE line of East
Seventeenth street, 36:6 SE of Ninth avenue,
SE 41:6 by NE 100. being a portion of block 95,
Clinton. East Oakland; $ . ¦
Edwin H. Varney and Charles E. Varney
(single) and Frances O. Morrill (wife of George
F.). same to same, East Oakland; $ .
John V. Sullivan to Agnes Sullivan (wife),
lot 28 of Rock Island Tract, Berkeley; gift.
: Edward T. and Nellie F. Harms to Clarence
C. and Carrie E.JPeppin, lot on the south line
of Ward street. 1*7:6 E of Ellsworth, E 50 by
S 134:6. lot 16, block F, Leonard Tract, Berke
ley: $10. - ~ *
Francis M. and Lydia P. Way to Susan Har
bine, lot ion Prospect street, 50 by 120 and 26
wide, at West end, lot 33, block G, subdivision
blocks E, F and .G, Revised Map of , Prospect
Hill Tract, : warranty deed, Brooklyn Town
ship; $85.- ¦ . "
. Alameda Savings Bank to Frederick Bam
mann, lot on the NE corner of Buena Vista
avenue and Mulberry street, . E 175 by N 360,
being portions of blocks 26 and 27, lands adja
cent to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
James •T. Kent - (or Hill) (son and heir of
Margaret Smith, deceased) to Frank Kauke,
undivided one-half Interest of first party's in
terest in the following: Lot on SW corner of
West and Thirty-eighth streets, S' 218:4,-. W
105.21. N 21.18 to S line of Thirty-eighth street,
thence E along 'said line -to : beginning of lot
1, block G, Major Given Tract, Oakland; also
undivided - one-half share and Interest In all
that i portion of ¦ said property which first party
now has or may acquire as said | son and , heir
of said Margaret Smith - (deceased) : also un
divided one-half share and interest in real and
personal property of said estate or. of eaid Mar
garet Smith at the time of her death to which
said first • party is or any time may be en
titled, Oakland: $1. etc. .
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mrs.
Elvira C. Oakley. 113 square feet in lot 53 of
plat 15, said cemetery, Oakland Township; $28.
- Benjamin B. and Elizabeth Bangs to Roy J.
Young, lot ;oncNW ¦' corner Derby street •¦ and
Benvenue avenue, N 100 by , W 159.44, being I all
lots 45 and 44 and S % lot 43, : Hlllegass prop
erty; above ; deed made upon conditions that
second, party shall subdivide land hereby con
veyed into 3 lots all fronting on Derby street,
with uniform depth 'of 100 '. feet, most easterly
lot to have' frontage on said street 59.44 and
other 2 lots 80, Berkeley; $2625. » .......
J. S. and Mary I. A. Myers to M. Rlnehart,
lot on N line of Santa Clara avenue, as same
existed prior to widening same, 50 E of Sher
man street, E 50 by N 100, .lots 37 and 38, block
27, Mary A. ' Fitch r Homestead, except : part
taken for widening Santa Clara avenue, Ala
meda;" $10. '¦¦=¦'¦ (.'.';¦ '¦'-'¦• '.'-'¦ ¦ - •¦
Matilda McQueen and Eliza Turnbull to Hat
tie B. Simpson," lot on SW line of Clinton ave
nue, 400 NW of Willow street, NW 50, SW
85 ; to shore line of ¦ Bay of ¦ San Francisco, SE
along eaid line of bay 50 to a point where line
drawn SW from common ; parallel . with Willow
street' would intertsect said shore line NE to
beginning, . being a portion of block 78, • lands
adjacent to Encinal, Alameda ;. $10. v '.".
M. |F. i and Mrs. ' Ella . Gibbons -to Moses and
Laura Bond, re-record 744 D. t 271, W line of
Peralta street, 25 S company lot 14, S 25, W 81.
N- 25 :E = 88, to beginning, portion of block 499,
Gibbons Property at Oakland Point, Oakland;
$10. ' •" - r ¦¦¦¦-:-- — :-¦¦ :
. Clarisse Braun (widow of C. H. F.) to Antolne
Borel lot on SE corner of Railroad avenue and
Campbell: street, E 100 by 8 100:7. being lota 5
to •8 . inclusive, • block 499, Gibbons , Property at
Oakland-Point,, Oakland; also lot on S line of
Railroad > avenue, . 125 E of Campbell street, S
100:7 E 96, NE to S line of Railroad avenue, W
126.34 to ¦ beginning, being lots 10 to 13. » block
499; $10. ¦--:. ' . -
Belle Myers (widow) to C. S. and Dora An
derson, lot on N line of Eighth street, 50 E of
Union E 50 by N 87:11, block 548, Boardman's
Map, Oakland; ;$lO; $10. -¦-,----- -
f May R., Grace | and Alfred Barstow to Ellen
S. Montgomery, lot on NE corner of Eighteenth
and ;¦ Linden : streets," N 125 by E 123, > block 613,
Map of Alfred Barstow Tract, Oakland; • $10. .
','¦ Anna G. Baxter (widow) to John C. and An
nie :B. -¦ Sheppard, lot on N line •of Eighteenth
street, 175 E of Union. E 30 by N, 112:814.' portion
of lot 7. subdivision of Surryhne Tract, t Oak
land; $10. ...v-. -. ¦ --•>.; ... .
' .William Rutherford (single) to James and
Agnes , : Rutherford, lot 'on ¦ E - lino of Twenty
fourth avenue, 205 S of East Twentieth street.
S " 38 by "E .' 150. block L, 50 Associates Tract,
East Oakland; $10. .-'
v Charles V. and Sophie L. Pitch "to' Paul - L.
Sternberg, ; lots i 1 : and -2. block G. Knowles < A
Potter subdivision of Kennedy Tract, East Oak
land: $10. ;-:'-- •-¦. - '---¦'¦-. :<••.-. .¦¦,.. ?^: *.t ;¦:.:-;
'"--: Nellie S. and. Philip Prior to George W. and
Carrie E. Allen, . lot > beginning at a . point 66:8
NW^from S boundary ¦ line of lot 16, said. point
being 160 SW from center s line :of r Panoramic
way. etc. thence ; SE j 66:8, - SW.; 150. •NW 100, E
130, ; to : beginning, ¦ portion of lot 16, -University
terrace, reserving for public roai such portions
of . Panoramic way as belong thereto, Berkeley;
$5."'- : .¦•-• --"¦..- -¦¦ •¦¦-.- ¦- :-•' ;¦ .- '. -¦;¦: ¦-; .
r.-i Mary S. -¦ Carnall : (widow) to Lauren M. Fos
ter, i lot 13. block 6, Daley's Scenic Park, Berke
ley; $10. -" - ¦' ."'.:.¦¦ :. ; ' .- '¦:¦".
1 • City : Building and ' Loan f Association to Hugh
Martin, lot on line of Delaware street, 200 E
of Milvia, E 40 by S 134.31, lot 15, block 5, Sea
View Park. Berkeley; $10. :
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Francis P. and
Annie C. Kearney, lot 3. block I,' Andrew Jones
subdivision, Brooklyn Township; grant. " ¦ v
¦v Delia J. F. Wood (executrix of the estate of
William ¦E. - Brown) .to t Rosalie . Harby, $119 48,
being balance due on agreement September 1,
1887. for $750, lot D. block 56, Alameda Park
Homestead, Alameda; $ .
James T. Boyd (single) Ito John 'G. Mc-
Cullough, lots 1, 2 and 10, block K. Map Ver
non Park, Oakland; $10. '
¦_ John P. and , Edna F. Beckett (wife) to
James • Kenney, lot on N line of "Walton or
Thirty-fifth street, 706 W of Telegraph ave
nue, W 37:6 by N 120:3. Oakland; $10.
W. B. and Ermina M. Hardy (by W. S. Har
low, commissioner) to E. A. Heron, lot on
SW corner of Durant and Franklin street?, S
100 by W 150. lot 5, block G, Map Fountain
place, Oakland; $3000.
Mary E. Lindsay (single) and John Lind
say to J. W. Crider, lot on N corner of East
Sixteenth street and Eleventh avenue. NW
100 by NE 150, portion of block 87. Clinton,
East Oakland; $10.
i Andrew and Ella E. Brown to Ike H. Her
°,. V l°-L on NW line of Thirteenth avenue,
12 : C SW of East Seventeenth street. SW 37:8.
NW 100, portion of block 89, Clinton, East
Oakland: $10. -
John B. Halsted (single) to Anton Christen
sen, lot on N line of Seventh street, 75 ¦ E of
Clay. E 50 by N 100. block 75 Kellersberger's
map, Oakland; $5. -
E. C. Thurber (single) to Margaret C. Sup
ple, wife of J. R., lot on N corner of Ninth
avenue and East Twenty-second street, NE
¦wby NW 150. portion block 137. . Clinton,
subject to a mortgage for $2500, East Oak
land ; $10.
J. G. Brackett to Mary "W. Stevens. lot on
NE corner of Sacramento and Virginia streets.
N 75 by E 120. block 2, Map Teachers' State
University Homestead. Berkeley; $10.
•¦¦. W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to same, lot
on SE corner of Home street and Berkeley
way, a 45 by E 50, block B. ~ Villa " lots ¦ ad
jacent to University on S, Berkeley: $10.
Warren and May L. Cheney to H. W. Haw
ley, lot on E line of Walnut street. 350.31 N of
Eunice. N 35 by E 134, lot 14, block 2. The
Highlands, a resubdivislon of blocks 1 to 3,
TUohy Addition to Berkeley, Oakland Town
ship; quitclaim deed; $1.
H. W. and Clara M. Hawley to Manfred
Goldman, same. Oakland Township: also a
strip 12 feet wide off S part of lot 15, block 2,
same, Oakland Township; $1050.
Joseph and Harriet Westall to Jennie E.
Weeks lots 97 to 100, " l- Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
_ Henriette Lachman (widow) to S and H
Lachman estate (a corporation), lot on N cor
ner of Lafayette street and Santa Clara ave
nue NW 135 by NE 207:6. Alameda: $10
William O'Neill (single) to Hildur Johnson
(married), lot on SW corner Arlington avenue
and Lowell street W 72.70 S 100, E 61 79 N
100.60, lots 11 and 12, block F, Golden Gate
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Jennie V. and Henry Harris to John Sroufe
undivided % of lot on S line Central avenue
(Twelfth), 349:6 E of Broadway, E 26 by
S 100, portion of block 159, Kellersberger's Map
deed made to secure the payment of $3750. Oak
land; $3750.
Orrin W. and Flora A. Parker to Susie E.
Smyth (single), lot beginning at point 8.64
chains SE of common corner to plats 53 55.
56.57, being intersection of N line of Wilder
street with center line of Lowell street, SW
4.60 chains by NW 2.24 chains, portion plat 55.
Ranchos V. and D. Peralta. Berkeley; grant.
Julia Schottler (widow) to William Livings
ton, lot on W line of Ellis street, 225:9 S of
Russell. W 120 by S 75:3. Berkeley; $10.
N. E. and Ernestine I. Williams to H. S.
and E. V. Rattan (wife), lot on E line of Sixth
street, 100 N of Delaware, N 52:2 by E 115,
portion block 60, map of Tract B. Berkeley L,
and T. I. Association. Berkeley; $10.
H. S. Rattan to E. V. Rattan (wife), same.
Berkeley; gift. ¦ ¦¦'
John A. and Annie Thornton to Maude Fair
cloth (widow), lot on E line of Peralta avenue
10 S of Pearl street. S 35 by E 115, lot 22,
Gallndo Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10
B. Kelsey (single) to Augusta Glover (Bengs
ton). lot 16 and NW 10 ft of lot 17. redlvision
of-.Bellevue Tract, being same property con
veyed to second party, 617 D 318, quitclaim deed,
Brooklyn Township; $5.
Lucy and Charles E. Thomas to Thomas J.
Pellow. lot on NE corner of Everett street and
Eagle avenue. N 50 by E 14*:6*4, lot 12 block
3, Jenks and Mead Homestead Tract, Ala
meda: $10. . , x •
Thomas J. and Llllle B. Pellow to Ruth
Stratford (wife of Harry C. Stratford), same,
Alameda; $1000. . -. >- ¦ :
Builders' Contracts.
Mutual Savings Bank (owners) with Ickel
helmer Bros, (contractors), architect William
Curlett— Plumbing, gas fitting and sewering.
Including marble and tile work, for a ten
story fireproof building, on S line of Geary
street, 20:6 W of Kearny, W 73:10%. S 38:2%.
SE 52:9^. NE 53:0%, N 50:0%: $38,736.
Julius Weber (owner) with Bletch & Lansing
(contractors), architects Coxhead Sc Coxhead —
All work except electric work and heating for
a two-story frame residence, on N line of Pa
cific avenue, 56:3 W of Central avenue, W 46:3,
N 25:3% at E line of lot and N 21:4 at W line
of lot bounded N by Presidio Reservation:
$4987.
John Evans (owner) with Charles J. IT. Koe
nlg (contractor) — All work except painting,
shades, gas fixtures, mantels and heater for a
three-story frame residence on W line of Van
Ness avenue, 50 S of Green street, between
Green and Vallejo: $5325.
W, J. Eva (owner) with John Stlerlen (con
tractor) — All work for two-story basement and
attic frame residence, on E line of Ashbury
street. 76:6 N of Frederick, N 25 by E 100; $4775.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Twelve.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. lsl 152 1 ; Oceanic S Co. — 43
Cal Fruit Asn. 99 — Pac Aux FA. 2H —
Cal Wine Asn. 89*4 91 Pac C 80rax.. 166 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 18 —
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Cal Wine Association 90 00
$2000 Contra Costa Water bonds ill 25
100 Honokaa 12 50
$8000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 118 00
100 Vigorlt ¦* 87ft
Street
la Onomea Sugar Co 24 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 107 00
5 Contra Costa Water 78 50
ICO Equitable Gas 3 25
2r> Market-street Railway 84 50
JSOOO N P C R R 5s 107 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
50 Vigorit 4 87H
Street—
40 Giant Powder Con 34 75
$2000 Market-st Ry Ist Con 5 per et 123 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Home 340
1000 Independence 08
1000 Lion (b 60) 09
500 Petroleum Center 06
100 Twenty-Eight 165
Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 Apollo 20
100 Four : 42
130 Home s 40
300 Monarch of Arizona 22
VM Oil City Petroleum
. 24 Petroleum Center jjo
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Best & Belcher 19 1100 Ophir 80
200 Challenge 17 30ft Overman 07
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Potosi 05
2CO Hale & N0r.... 19 200 Savage 06
900 Mexican 201 600 Utah «
Afternoon Session.
1000 Best & Belcher 18 1 500 Mexican '. 17
300 Challenge 18 ! 600 Ophir 77
100 Con Cal & V&..1 65 300 Union Con 14
500 Hale & N0r.... 17
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher IS! 1200 Ophir 79
1700 Best & Belcher 19 300 Ophir 80
400 Best & Belcher 20 500 Ophir Si
1500 Chollar 06' 500 Potosi 05
600 Con Cal & Va..l 70 1200 Sierra Nevada. 13
700 Gould & Curry 09 800 Sierra Nevada. 12
200 Mexican 17 500 Union Con 14
100 Mexican 191 300 Union Con 13
1200 Mexican 2011400 Union Con 16
200 Ophir 7Si
Afternoon Session.
400 Best & Belcher 17, 200 Overman 06
100 Con Cal & V.162^ 500 Potosi 05
700 Mexican 18 200 Sierra Nevada.. 11
200 Mexican 17 200 Union Con 14
500 Mexican 19 1000 Union Con 13
600 Ophir 7S]
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Nov. 15—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. [ Bid. Ask.
Alpha — u2;Justlce 01 03
Alta 01 02 Kentuck — 02
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 05 06 Mexican 18 19
Best * Belcher 17 18 ; Occidental 05 0«
Bullion 01 04:Ophir 77 78
Caledonia 26 2»i Overman 06 07
Challenge Con. 16 17;Potosi 04 05
Chollar 05 06 Savage 05 06
Confidence 70 75! Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 60 1 63'Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 18 11
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 32 34
Crown Point w 03 05 St. Louis 03 —
Eureka Con ... 14 — Standard 375 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 06 —
Gould & Curry. 03 10 Union Con 13 15
Hale & N0r.... 18 20 Utah 01 02
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 12 It
BAY : AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. VS. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ3
• .•; Steamer GEN. ; FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
•8:45 a. m., 3:15 and S:3O p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo '7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday.: 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare it
, cents. : Telephone ' Main • . 1508. . Landing .<• and
office. ' pier 2, : Ml Jslon-st. - dock, HATCH
BROS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
C E Hoye, Seattle ;H S McXee. Los Ang
H H Swaney, Port Misses Cooksey, Stantd
Townsend J H Mackenzie, Cal
A H Eftman, Minn C B Dewees, Los Ang
A Schneider, Paris W W Mead & w. V 9H
D C Cone & w. Cal G Edwards. England
A G Wilson, Canada !d WSt Clair. N V
X J Guzder. India |D S Waterman, S Barb
H T Sieber &w, Cal C W SNmson, Seattle
L Pflngstog, NT J J Gwin. Portland
F R Fowler, Palo Alto E Carey. San Jose
S Sample, San Jose C P Hall, rfan Jose
O F Richards. Mo iDr D Smith. Li vermcr»
F A Miller. Riverside F S Johnson & w. San
W E Dunn, Los Ang Rafael
C E de Camp. Los A B Levison Jr. N V
91 Cook. Los Ang C L Crellin.Pleasanton
J C Burton, Los Ang J F Chiles. Pleasanton
G Walsh, N V Mrs E F Sanborn, L A
B E Green. Los Xng Miss Sanborn. Los A
H P Anderson, Los A Mrs C M Johnson, Cal
W Cosby, Los Ang F H Glass, Cal
S W Huff, Baltimore C F ScoU. N V
S M ToDhtz, NY W Osterman & w. Cal
Dr C F Taggart, L A F H Moon. San Jose
J B Miller. Los Ang , Mrs J H Henry. S Jose
W P uunham^ Los A ' Miss B Henry. 3 Jose
J C Lenox. Portland J R Closcn. San Jose
G D Stewart. N V J M McClung, Orovlll*
J Dewar. London C Dunphy. Millbrae
C W Fox, Lcs An* L L Jones & w. Cal
J M Kellerman, LA O V Ost, Santa Cruz
r Vigus, Los Ang J V Johnson, Los An*
R Llewellyn, Los Ang O F Johnson, Lo« An*
H A Keller. Redding A M Johnson, Los Ang
G B Kerr Jr. Chicago W T Johnson. Los An*
J W Cllse & d. Seattle Mrs M Cunard. Pa
F C Hollins, NY H L Tibbitts. Boston
J C Mcßoy. Chicago F M Cole. N>v
C Hume. Los Ang W L Relnck & w, Butte
S F Schelllng. NY AT Simpson. Modesto
Mrs L Bradbury, LAIN Rosenzweiss Jt w.
S Bradbury. Los Ang N V
C Hart. Sacramento Z. T Graham. San Jo«e
J Jacobs. Sacto |C F Park San Jose
J S Bowbrlght, Phila A B Cohn. St Joseph
R D Jackson, Nev E W Runyon. N V
W 9 Twining & w, Cal i W T Runyon. Ohio
G W Peltier & w. Sac ! R G Barton. Fresno
W Lawrence, Denver J H Hunttngton, USN
GRAND HOTEL.
M C "Wood & w. Vlslia W C Dallas. Merced
A M Lumley. Portervil G M Westcott. Concrd
C Bauer. Folsom J F Schlingman St W,
F Jones, Folsom - Mill Valley
Mrs S L Wiley. Fresno A C White. Stockton
C J Berry & w, Fresno E Zanetta. San Juan
R S Sayers, Ohio W F Knox. Sacto
A C Eisen, Fresno W N Lamphrey. Sacto
C yv Wickersham, Cal T L Reed Colo
J S Conoel, Sacto J W Kaento Colusa
T O'Brien. Bakersfleld T F Farrell. St Loul»
T J Packard & w, Cal J W Montgomery Cal
F M Kelly &w. Cal W C Cook. Montlce-Ko
G A Eastman. Cal X Hov»y, Santa Crua
E A Donohoo & w Cal P Funk, Santa Cruz
R Irwin. Hanford J L Matthews, Salinas
B B McGinnia, Hanfrd C W Bishop. Kansas
A C Brokaw. Cal F H "Webster. Mlntura
T J Stephens. Ls Ang L L Chamberlain. C»l
T D Drew. Alaska S E Busser. Loe An*
H McGune. Marysville Miss A E Busser. L An
G W Stratton. Marysvl C C Davidson Mich
C Keena, Auburn O G Woodward A W.
F H Dependence, Cal Woodward
H Berry & w, Ls Ang J H Andreson. SallnM
H C Mitchell. Auburn J W Moore Stockton
G E Mitchell, Auburn! E C Day Lodl
C L Crane, Reno I J 8 Franklin Lodl
Mrs J N Garland. Mo Dr J Hull" & w, Cal
Miss Byrnes. Seattle Miss A Hull. Cal
P H Molony. Cal A Samuel, Stockton
J J Gorman. Mass H P Walton St w.Seatl
Mrs Reed. Bakersfleld H Fllttner 4 w, N T
Mrs Jones. Bakersfleld C H Harlow. Cal
Miss R Martin NY T McLaughlln. Cal
E W Rogers. Ls Ans T Helm, Santa Ross
G D Hauptman. Cal ij Burke. Redding
G H Peters. Cal M Saunders. Sta Ros»
R E Falrchlld, Cal W W Douglas Sacto
C B Hills, San Jose G Anderson San Jo»»
OCE-AJi" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦^ . Steamers leave Broadway
»^^ Wharf, San. Francisco:
H^hfcw For Alaskan ports— ll a. m.,
BPl^ Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. i.
; K^bK2vß% Change to company's steamers
i Mk,HH For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
B^^^B^K| For Victoria. Vancouver (BL
, MWBgJfSffiil C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
<f- Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcora (Wash.)— ll a. m..
Not I 7 12 .17. 22. 27. Dec. 2. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G n! Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma tor N.
P Fo7 E u a re k V a a ?H 0 v U mbold 0 t Ba£-?& p. n,. Nor,
"For San' Diego", stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)-Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays 9 a. m.
Steamer State- of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9a. m. •
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Moo-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport— Corona. Saturdays.
; For^nsenada. Magdalena. Bay. San Jose- del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— l9 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain the company »
The company reserves the right to chan**
steamers, Bailing days and nours of ; sailing, «
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
. 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. I?. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Xjlxa* **»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to atl
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steatnshlo and pail, at
IjO-WUST SK-ATIErS.
STEAMER TICKST3 INCLUDE BSSTHand STEALS..
S COLUMBIA Sails.... Nov. 24. Dec. 4, 14, 24 •
S. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Nov. 19. 29. Dec. 9, 19. 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y, 8. T.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tot
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
6S. HONGKONG MARD ;
' ....Saturday. November 18, 1301
! 68. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 190]
S. AMERICA MARU '¦
Saturday, January 4. 1101
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. : For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street.- corner First.
." W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
fit YOBX BOUTHAMPTOH. LONSOIT. Pirn
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ..
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Haverford ......Nov. 271 St. Louis Dec. 18
Philadelphia ....Dec 4 Philadelphia ....Dec. 25
St. Paul Dec. 11 St. Paul Jan. 1
RED STAR LINE.
M«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Nov. 27 Southwark ......Dec. 13
•Zeeland ........Dec. ' 4 'Vaderland Dec. 23
Friesland .......Dec. 11 Kensington .....Jan. 1
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
occaaics.sxo. HAWAII, SAMOA, ME*
oceanic 5,5.10, «&» -^
S.' ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
. ; Saturday. Nov. 23, 2 p. m.
S. f AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Nov. 29. 10 a. m.
S. * SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. ' Auckland
and Sydney ¦ Thursday, Dec. 3. 10 a. m.
J. 0. SP2EWELS 4 BBOS. CO., tan Agents. 327 Hartsi St
Itn'l Passant* Ofto, 143 Harkit Jt, War U. 7. PaciSc St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA ...... Nov. 27'TrCAPEL Dec. 21
CHILI ...........Dec. 7}AREQUIPA ....Jan. 4
These steamers ar« built expressly for Cen-
tral and . South American passenger service.
(No change at'Acapulco or, Panama. ) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street. . . .
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
PANAMA R,R, steaish:?
r AiiAIYIA Hi Ifi line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105;' Steerage. $40: Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails -So turd Dec. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails
t». S. Ar£y!l : •. sails
'¦ From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
¦ Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market at. "
, ' , F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAGNI3 GENERALS TaANSATLANTIQU2
DIRECT LINE TOHAVRE-i«AKIS. -j^m^'
Sailing every Thursday instead of iJsl}ii?£>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 41. •»«¦¦¦¦
North River, - foot of Morton street. ¦ •
- First class to Havre. JTO and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. >' J. F. FUOAZI & • CO.. Pacific Cease
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. .
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*. '
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
1516
GRANT SAILS
FOR PHILIPPINES
Army Transport Takes
Away Soldiers of the
Twenty-Eighth.
Training Ship Mohican Leaves
for a Cruise With Three
Hundred Men.
The United States army transport Grant
sailed for the Philippines yesterday. She
took awry twenty-two officers and B*7
men of the Twenty-eighth Infantry. Be
sides these there were seventy-lour cas
uals, two unattached army ofucers, three
hospital stewards and imrty-nir.e passen
gers. Those who went away in the cabin
were:
' Colonel Moot . Hooter. Lieutenant Colonel
John V. Stretch, Major Frank F. "Eastman,
burgeon Major A. A. Aypel, captains V. W:
Cobbe, W. J. Lutz. Oliver Edwards, J. A.
Lynch and wife, Jens i.uggi. lVjrrani Wtalt
arotth and T. A. Pierce, wife, two children and
rurse; Lieutenants \V. S. St. Clair. K. W.
Kobisoa, A. K. Prescott and wife, U. A.
licnka. L O. Matthews, R. K. Grensted and
wife, A. C. Foote, R. H. Leivitt and H. A.
Parker and wife; Chaplain C. C ' Batem&n,'
Lieutenant W. B. Aiken and wife. Lieutenant
Brice P. Dis<jue. Captain A. U. Williams,
Lieutenant John Kennedy. B. A. Bain!. Senor
AbreU, Comrnissao' Clerk Frank Ferguson,
Mrs. Marix and daughter and Miss Aldrict,
Mrs. Fred Hadra and two children, Mrs. W.
Tuckey and child, Mrs. W. H. Mitchell, Mrs.
Anne E. Peck, Miss Ada Graham. Miss K.
Robinson. Mrs. A. A. Appel and daughter.
Mrs. B. P. Disque, Mrs. E. H. Hammond.
Mrs. W. H. Cronkite. Mrs. C. C Yates nr.J
Miss N. Le Mere Owen.
About 100 passengers but no troops will
sail on the Meade to-day.
Will Try It Again.
The British ships Clan Mackenzie ani
Cambrian Hille left England last Apnl
lor San Francisco. They both arrived
September 1 and after discharging went
to Port Costa to load. Both vessels get
equal dispatch, and yesterday tKcy camo
down. They arc- scheduled to sail to-day,
and shipping men are wondering whicn
will report at Queenstown lirst. Tlic ves
sels are very « venly matched, but th-^
betting seems to favor the Cambrian
Hills.
Hurt in an Elevator
A lad named "William Chimschpfen."
•wus perhaps fatally injured in an ele
vator accident at the Martell Power Com
pany s works on 1-remont street yester
cay morning. He was making a trip on
USe fltight elevator when he madt a mis
take and feil. At the Harbor Hospita;
they diagnosed the case as a poss;b!c
fracture of the ykuli and internal injuries
.Hovements of Warships.
The training ship Mohican sails with
more than 300 men, who are expected to
return inside of six months as able sea
men. From he: «c she goes to Ensenada.
thence to Magdalena Bay tor target prac
tice. From ii^sdalena Bay she will pro
ceed to Honolulu, thence to Puget Sound.
The Philadelphia will no* be ready to go
into commission again until the first
week in December, while the Marblehead
will not see active service before the first
of tlie year.
The naval survey boat Al^rt will leavo
San Diego for southern waters the middle
of next week, and may not be expected
home for some time to come.
The. lowa goes to Valparaiso for dry
docking, and the Wisconsin will follow
her example on her return trip from Sa
moa.
Tater-Front Notes.
The San Bias arrived from Panama
and way ports yesterday. She brought
considerable freight, but only three pas
sengers. They were W. B. Hicks. George
Edwards and William Irelan Jr. The
latter has been to Central America on
mining business.
Twelve members of the crew of the Al
frida deserted early in the week, and
yesterday went back to get the few re
maining men aboard to follow their ex
ample. There v.'as a chance for trouble,
as the mate resented the men's interfer
ence, but the police stopped the threat
ened outbreak.
Th Kosmos liner Anubis. which left
here August 23 for Hamburg, was com
pelled to put into Pernambuco with her
leed pumps out of order. • •
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners anl
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Anglesey is chartered for
wheat to Europe. S2s 6d; the German ship
Biam.saaie. 37s 6d..
Uhe Bntuh ship James Kerr will load wheat
at this port and the British ship Latimer, same
at Portland. lor Europe, both chartered prior
to arrival at 37s 6d.
The British bark Formosa Is chartered for
wheat at San Diego for Europe, 37s 6d, with
option of Tacoma or Portland. 405..
The schooner Lottie Carson will load lumber
at Eureka for Guaymas; the barkentines S. N.
Castle and S. G. Wilder, merchandise here for
Honolulu. •
A Cargo for Mexico.
The schooner Lena Sweasey m cleared
Thursday for San Bias with the following
cargo valued at $17,737: 42.503 ft lumber, 6 pkgs
machinery. 1 csk bottled beer. 1 cs gasoline.
4 bdls galvanized iron, 19 os household goods,
ISOI os 7 kegs powder, 16 cs caps. 20 cs fuse,
573 bdls shooks. 4 cs drugs.
The Peru's Cargo.
The steamer Peru, which sailed Thursday
for . Valparaiso and way ports, carried a gen
eral cargo valued at $46,093. manifested and
destined at tollowe: For Mexico. $1.".536; Cen
tral America, $12. 4 M; Panama, $99? ; Ecuador,
52790; Peru, $53:<9; Chile. 56585; Hamburg. Ger
many, 12000. The following were the prin
cipal shipments: •
To Mexico— 7lß2 lbs 2 cs bread, 5T.,000 lbs
mineral wool, 164 ere potatoes and onions. 4
pkgs acid, 15 cs drugs. 42S lbs glue, 35 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 61 cs candles, ¦50
flasks quicksilver, 9000 lbs blueetone, 90 pkg*
hardware, 109 kegs nails. 1175 lbs soda, ISOS
tbs sugar. IS bbls flour. 12 cs 299 gals wine,
(kl Tbs spires, 15 pkgs machinery. 5 cs 20 gals
brandy. 18 cs whisky. 2500 lbs lard. 10 baler.
You mo^y Sna^p
yo\ir Fingers
act Dyspepsia^
There is a quality in Royal Bak-
ing Powder, coming from the purity
and wholespmeness of its ingre-
dients, which promotes digestion.
Food raised by it will not distress.
This peculiarity of Royal has been
noted by hygienists and physicians,
and they accordingly recommend
it in the prepn ration of food, espe-
cially for those of delicate digestion.
•OVAL BAKING POWOER CO., lOC WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
OCTOBER EXPORTS REACH HIGHEST
FIGURE IN HISTORY OF THIS PORT
Custom-House Records Tell Startling Story of Increase in San Fran
cisco's Foreign Trade, of Her Invasion of New Markets and
of. Her Growing Imporance as a Great D stribu:ing Center
The total foreign exports from San Francisco for the month of October, ißpp, including
exports to the Hawaiian Islands, amounted to $2,654,910. The total foreign exports for October,
1901, cxdusii'c of exports to the Hawaiian Islands, amounted to $4,903,567. Exports to the
Hawaiian Islands now average about $1,500,000 monthly. The Custom-house records show this
to be the banner month in the history of the port and also demonstrate San Francisco's growing
importance as a distributing center.
CONGRESSMAN LOUD said the
other evening that the inaugura
tion cf trans-continental railroad
communication and its subse
quent development had cost San
Francisco its position as the distributing
oict for the entire West. There is a
long, narrow book in the custody of the
auditor of the United States customs at
this port which, without contradicting the
Congressman, shows San Francisco a dis
tributing point such as few realize, even
of those actively concerned in its busi
ness development.
Ear. Francisco's right to the title "Queen
of the Pacific " is in that book, written
plainly and distinctly. It tells of San
Francisco no longer the sea port of a
stretch of inland territory, but as one of
the great sea pcrts of the world, the dis
tributing center for a territory covering
all the ports and islands of the Pacific
and reaching to the interiors of Austra
lia, Russia. China, Japan and even South
Africa. 4 , ,
juung the last few years there has
been a steady increase of foreign exports,
but it is only of late that the Custom
house officials have realized the enormous
growth of the business going out to tn-2
whole world from this port.
October was the banner month of tne
ports history. The long, narrow book of
the auditor tells this much, but does not
tell the whole story. Included in the for
eign export figures there is nothing of the
trade with the Hawaiian Islands, whicn
amounts to over a million dollars every
m The exports which go to make up the
grand total for October are very general
oakum, 9 pkgs wire. 4S pkpi building^***£
im nkes millwork 25 cs coal oil. oO pkgs paints
and <&, m rL Whuffs. 7 bale, broomcom.
•t i.iii iia«te 7 bdls paper, 20 ( J tons coal, 1W
7.U: ~ru s and 'vegetables. UM Tbs dried truit.
iotbs cheese, 41 cs canned goods, 4 ooUs rope^
300 it lumber. 200 bdls shook*. 719 »b ham
and bacon. 119 lbs nuts, 20 gals liquors. 14.449
-ro ta Cen!ral Amorica-2333- bbls flour. 62 csks
bottled beer. 3 pkgs dry goods. 82 bxs apples.
14 cs hardware. 1223 lbs spices. .93 lt)s ham.
103 pkgs groceries and provisions, 19 I** s ma
chinery. 6792 gals oil. 80 drums crude oil -.'2
lbs raisins. 4 pkgs electrical supplies. 11SS tbs
bran 28 pk s paste 146 gals wine, 100 cs coal
oil 166 lbs bread. 1363 lbs com. 10 bbls cement,
15 bbls axle grease. 3 tons coal. 1 ton coKe,
40,<*K> lbs salt. .
To Panama— Ss cs salmon. 10 cs wine. 1024
lbs beans. 35 cs canned goods. 1614 lbs bread,
31 pkgs tank material. 14.153 lbs sugar.
To Ecuador— s93 bbls flour, 50 cs salmon, 34
cs fuse. 1 cs saddles. ¦ - ¦
To Peru— l7o pkes machinery. ISO bdls shooks.
5 pk£"= paints and oils, 4 cs canned erooda, 6
pkF« rope. 3 pkgs dried fruit. 200 cs salmon.
To Chile— 49 coils rope. "70 cs 1 kit salmon
373 cs canned goods, 25 bbls flour, 534 lbs dried
fruit, SCO lbs lard, 13 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. ' ' .
To Haxnburs-— lbs coffee.
Notice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA RIVER BAR.
Notice Is hereby given of the following
changes In the buoyage of th'.s district which
affect the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Ceast. 1901: .
COLUMBIA RIVER SHIP CHANNEL
ACROSS THE BAR AS FAR AS ASTORIA,
OREGON, pages 41. 48 and 49.
Outer Buoy a black and white perpendicu
larly striped first-class can, marked with the
letters "M. 6 ;" position verified IS October and
buoy found in 3? feet of water. North Head
Lighthouse. NE. by N. (n'ly). Cape Disappoint
ment L'ghthouse, NE. by E.. % E. Point
¦..lams Lighthouse. Old Tower. ESE.. 7 4 E.
Bar Bury, a black and white perpendicularly
striped first-class nun: position verified IS Oc
tober and buoy found in 25 feet of water. North
Head Lighthouse, NNE. Cape Disappointment
Lighthouse NE. by E.. % E. Point Adams
Lighthouse Old Tower. ESE.. % E.
Clatsop Spit . Buoy • No. 0. a red. first-class
nun: position verified 16 October and buoy
found in 21 feet of water.' North Head Light
houpe N. by E.. 1 i E. Cape Disappointment
Lighthouse. *NE.. % E. Point Adams Light
house. Old Tower ESE., % E. (Ely).
Inner Buoy, a black and white j>erpen<iicu
larly striped first-class can, "was moved 15 Oc
tober into 36 feet of water. Cape Disappoint
ment Lighthouse, N., % E. Point Adams Light
house. Old Tower. ESE.. % E. North Head
Lichthouse. NNw.
Peacock Spit Buoy No. 1, a black, first-class
can, was moved ' October 15 into 23 feet of
water. Cape Disappointment Lighthouse. NE.,
ft N. Point Adams Lighthouse, Old Tower,
ESE. % E. fe'ly). North Head Llighthouse,
N.i % W. (w'ly).
Clatsop Spit Buoy No. 2, a red, first-class
nun was moved if. 'October into 26 feet of
water. ¦ Cape Disappointment Lighthouse, N.
by B-. 56 E. Point Adams Lighthouse. Old
Tower, E., 7 - S. North Head Lighthouse, N.
by W.. % W. .'
Clatsop Buoy No 4, a red. first-class nun. was
moved 16 October into S3 feet of water. Outer
end of wharf. Fort Columbia. NE. by E.. %
E. Point Adams Lighthouse, Old Tower. ESE.,
% E. Cape Disappointment Lighthouse, N. ,
% W. ¦
Peacock Spit Buoy No. 1%. a black, first
can: position verified 16 October • and buoy
found in 30 feet of water. Cape Disappointment
L'ghthouse. "N.. % E. (n'ly). Point Adams
Lighthouse, Old Tower, ESE., % E. North
Head L^hthouse. NNW., >,2, 2 W.
Clatacp Spit Buoy No. 6. a 'red, first-class
run: position verified 16 October and buoy
found in •;? feet of water.. Outer end of wharf.
J Fort Columbia ENE. Fort Stevens wharf post
i light. E.. % S. Cape Disappointment Light
f house. .NXV.\, % W. ' .
Turning Bury, a black and white perpendicu
larly Ftriped first-class can, heretofore reported
as havir? drifted out of position, was replaced
on its station 7 November.
Peacock Spit- Bell Buoy, a black, nun-shaped,
lattice woik body, surmounted by a. bell: posi
tion verified 16 October and buoy found in 35
Feet of water. Outer end of wharf. Fort Co
lumbia. ENE., •'•„ E. (e'ly). Fort Stevens wharf
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOYEMBE.K lt», iwj.
in nature. There is no phenomenal in
crease in any one product. A careful re
view of the items shows simply a strong,
healthy increase of all the exports and a
reaching out for new fields which prom
ise an endless development for. the trade
at the port.
The long, narrow book contains noth
ing but figures systematically arranged
in columns. It makes interesting reading,
however, and tells a tale of San Fran
cisco's growing importance in the econ
omy of the commercial world full of good
cheer to all whose interests are bound up
in the welloeing of the port.
In October, 1599, the total foreign ex
ports, including those to the Hawaiian
islands, were $2,654,970.
During the October just passed the to
tal exports, excluding nearly $1,500,000 to
the Hawaiian Islands, were $4,003,567.
During the present month the exports
have been heavy enough to insure an
equally good showing for November.
Everybody connected with the export de
partment "of the Custom House is work
ing overtime and realizing, by the piling
up of export documents, that this port is
passing through a stage of rapid but
healthy growth which will soon call for
an increase in the Custom House force.
The most substantial item^ of export
during October are breadstuffs to the
value of over $2,000,000; canned salmon,
about $1,000,000; canned fruits, $52,000, and
manufactured cloths over $300,000.
It is the location of the markets to
which the exports were consigned, how
ever, which tells of San Francisco's grow
ing importance as a distributing center.
Into some of the fields this port goes as
the rival of long established distributors,
some of the fields have been her own for
years, but many of them are new fields,
cap.ible of almost unbounded development
post light. ESE., % E. Cape Disappointment
Lighthouse. NW,, % N.
Clatsop Spit Buoy No. 8, a red, flrst-elas*
nun; position verified 16 October and buoy
found In i~> feet of water. Outer end of wharf,
Fort Columbia, ENE.. (n'ly). Fort Stevens
wharf post light, ESE., % E. Cape Disappoint
ment Lighthouse, NW., % W.
No change In the objects for which thesp
buoys were established, as given in the column
"General Remarks" of the Buoy List, is in
volved by the foregoing.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY, Commander. U. S. N\,
Lighthouse Inspector.
Steamer Movements.
TO AKKIVE.
(Steamer. From. | Due.
Edith Seatfle jxov. 16
laqua Humboldt |Nov. 16
Empire Coos Bay |Nov. 16
China China and japan ,i\u.. lv
G. W. Elder... Portland ¦£. Astoria |Nov. Id
Pomona Humboldt |Nov. irt
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay . . | Nov . 17
Pleiades Seattle [Nov. 17
J. S. Kimball..i Seattle & Tacoma |Nov. 17
State of Cal fcan uieKu &. Way Pts. ..Nov. li'
Rainier j Seattle &¦ N. WhatcomiNov. 17
Harrises j Seattle |Nov. IS
Eureka Humboldt |Nov. 18
Matteawan Tacoma jNov. IS
North Fork Humboldt Nov. IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports iNov. li
Asuncion Tacoma Nov. i:>
Robt. Collar... Seattle & Hadlock Nov. 16
Progreso Seattle Nov. 19
Coronado I San Pedro Nov. 3)
AiamtUa Honolulu Nov. EO
Santa Rosa I San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 21
Point Arena... | Point Arena Nov. 21
Corona < San Pedro &. Way Pts. Nov. 21
Australia i Tahiti Nov. 21
Columbia ! Portland & Astoria (Nov. 21
Hyades New York via HanamaiNnv. it
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts.|Nov. 23
City of Puebla ; l-uyet hound Ports iNov. a
Totmes Seattle INov. 2%
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 25
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Nov. 2~>
Doric China and Japan Nov. 2fi
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. i Palls. I Pier.
| November 10.
Arcata ; Coos Bay 4 pm|Pler 13
Sta. Barbara ! Humboldt 2 pmjPler 2
Czarina I Seattle & Tacoma. 5 jirnjrier 8
Corona ] Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. l Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
H'ngkgMaru China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
November 17.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am'-Pier 11
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 ani|Pier a
\ovi-ihlipp IS.
San Pedro... Humboldt 110 am Pier l
Gr. Dollar , Grays Harbor I 5 pm Pier 2
laqua I Humboldt J lO am|Pler —
louiona 'Humboldt il:3u p|Pler y
Alliance Portland & Coos B.| 5 pm|Pier 1G
Newport Panama & Way... | la m|PMriS
November 10. I
Empire Coos Bay | 3 pm|Pier 13
G. W. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 aniiPier zi
November 2U.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November li I .
Coronado Grays Harbor B pmjPier 2
North Fork., i Humboldt 9 am | Pier 2
Hainier i Seattle & N. What i
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma •
: November 22.
Ramses Hamburg & Way I Pier 27
Umatilla j Fuget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 'J
November -."{.
China iChina and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
November 24.
Columbia Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 4
> November 25.
Rival jWillapa Harbor.... 5 pm Pier 2
Mandalay iCoquille River 5 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. |Nov. lfi
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 24
Exceteior Cooks Inlet & Way Nov. i 5
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16.
Sun rises . . : ¦.........'.............,...;...... 6 -52
Sun sets : ..:.... '. 4-53
Moon 5et5. .....:.....;.,...... .......9:31 p. m
Time Time ' Timel Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
_ H W L¦ W HW . LIV
1« .. 3:46 4.6 8:05 3.2 1:41 -~4^9 5:r,5~02
17 .. 4:27 4.7 9:15 3.2 2:45 4.7 9:45 OS
I<< ... S:ll 4.91 10:30 3.0 ¦ 3:59 4.4 10:40 07
19 ..I 5:51 8.1 11:48 2.4 5:25 4.2 11:36 10
20 ..I 6:34 5.3 12:481 1.7 6:40 4.2 . . '
L W HW .¦ LW • • HW '""
21 .. 0:33 1.3 7:14 5.5 1:38 1.0 8:00 4 3
2 ¦¦ 1;24 1.6 7:56| 5.8 .2:30 . 0.3 9:10 4.5
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence an to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus <— ')
sign precedes the height, and then the numbe
glven is subtracted from the depth given by tho
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco' Cal
November 15, 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
I. c. at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
p. tn.. Greenwich mean time.
W. H. RTANDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, In Charge.
Shipping Intelligence. •
ARRIVED.
Thursday, November 14.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 32 hours from Eureka.
Friday. November 15.
Schr Conflanza, Olt-en, 4 days from Bowens
Landing.
and all open to San Francisco if she looks
out for her own interests.
Kngland and Ireland took nearly
*2,000,000 of last month's exports and Brit
ish Columbia 578,455. Exports to the Chi
nese Empire, Russian China, Hongkong,
Japan, Korea and Asiatic Russia amount
ed to over $1,000,000. Nearly $600,000 was
distributed in Costa Kica, Guatemala,
Honduias, Nicaragua, Salvador, Mexico,
Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. In
British Australasia, British Oceanica,
French Oceanica and German Oceanica a
market was found for over $720,000. Little
Guam, received about $SOOO, Pago Pago
$154S and the Philippines over $70,000. To
British South Africa there was sent in
October exports to the value of $41,U0u and
to Portuguese South Afnca just $204,755.
Trade with South America is still in its
infancy, while Russian China, Korea and
Asiatic Russia are comparatively virgin
fields. The islands of the Pacific are all
capable of development into important
markets. Capital is turning toward them
and as they grow in prosperity so will
they add to the prosperity of that point
most central in their line of communica
tion with the outside world.
The long, narrow book in the auditor's
office is neither a monument to the book
binder's art nor a thing cf typographical
beauty, but it is full of illustrations that
tell of importance achieved and promises
of future prosperity to which no limit can
be lixed.
New steamers are being built for the
trade of this coast, new combinations of
capital "formed to handle and develop it
and the waterway between the Golden
Gat-;s promises to become the most im
portant highway of all the seas, the en
trance road to San Francisco, the distrib
uting center for the growing half of the
world.
Schr Reliance, Olsen, SO hours from Iver
«ens Landing.
Schr Newark, Crangle, 24 hours from Bowens
Lar.dinc
CLEARED.
Friday, November 15.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederscn, Ladysmith; R
Dunsir.nlr's Sons Co.
Nor srtmr Titania, Esenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld'« Sons.
Schr S T Alexander, Johnson, Kahului; Alex
ander ii Baldwin
Schr.- Mary c Foster, Rudbach. Honolu.'u;
Williams, Dimcnd & Co.
OUR FACTORY has just turned
over to us about 25 dozen 1 of th-3
prettiest designs, in Albatross,
French Flannel and English Cash-
mere Waists it's ever been our
good fortune to handle. We place
same on sale to-day at prices that
cannot . be duplicated for nearly
double what we've marked them to
sell for. ' : :- , : ' '
A "WAIST to wear about the house, made
of German Flannel, with fine tucks and
. neatly trimmed. .0n6a16!.:.'..'...\ 4J^C
ALL WAISTS- ON SALE TO-DAY ARE
LINED THROUGHOUT AND COME IN
ALL .THE LATEST COLORS. INCLUD-
ING BLACK, BUTTONED FRONT OR
BACK;- SIZES 32 to 46. ,\ X. ; :
<p| AH[ For ALL' WOOL' \ FLANNEL
€&la*-rt9 " WAISTS, s ' tucked x all • over,
good ?2.50 value.  . ¦ , . ; ;
<J» I , T/=£ For SILK STRIPED CASH-
€J> ft • < *J MERE ¦ WAISTS, made up In
an entirely new effect; you pay $3.00 else-
where for similar Waists. .
Cf> A Pi' For best quality ! FRENCH
(PZtHU FLANNEL WAISTS; yoke
trimmed with hemstitching- and new
.• style hemmed tucks; considered cheap at
' ft. 60. .
«CQ Q^ For ALBATROSS WAISTS,
<*' ¦*> C *> beautifully made and trimmed
v .; with contrasting color of Point Venice
Lace— elsewhere ?4.50.
<fl*Z. A_B%. Best quality ENGLISH CASH-
«PO«T-t> MERE .WAISTS: I dainty
styles and trimmed with the newest wave
. pattern? of silk laces; good $5.00 value.
We bought a drummer's sample line of
SILK WAISTS, only about . forty waists
in all, many of them worth from $6.00 to
. $7.00. , Special sale - to-day.. , 4CO *Pp£
Is Big Special in Children's A
Woolen Dresses. A
Made of good Cashmere, made up in a
very pretty style, .trimmed with .fancy
braids, entire- waist, skirt and sleeves of
diesses lined; regular price <£ I ChPZ.
$3.25. On sale to-day ... tJ)n«O'O
\ om;n's Dress Skirt Special.
Made of fine quality All Wool .Serge, new
graduated flare flounce, neatly trimmed
" - with bands of Stitched Satin or Silk;
sold- everywhere at $6.00. ¦*!';%> Am
Our special price to-day T.. tJ>Tr»Vr \J
Our RAINY DAY SKIRTS, .' ranging in
¦ .-.price from $1.50. to $8.00, is. the most com-
plete line as far as sizes and values are
concerned .to be found anywhere. .-: If In
want of Walking; or Dress Skirts visit this
- department and you'll be well repaid for
¦ your time. , ¦
Our a pedal Prices ; in Corsets
,Ib • again on - to-day— all ¦ makes and - styles
represented; sizes 18 to 36. Remember, we
,;- relund your money If after 30 days' wear
corset does. not give entire satisfaction.
Glance Over These Prices.
, 30c for 50c CORSETS.
4Sc for ~ 65c CORSETS.
• 74c for 9Sc CORSETS.
. '¦ I>Se;for $1.20 :< CORSETS. ¦< ¦',
Ci. $1.23 for $1.48 CORSETS.
. M 1.48 for $1.73 CORSETS.'
. ¦; »1 .75 r for' C.CO CORSETS.
.>i.'.(l<> for $2.50 CORSETS.
lj>i.sO for $3.00 CORSETS. ;
i;ale in Neck; Boas.
-Black Liberty Silk Accordion Plaited Boas
with wide Silk Accordion Plaited Stream-
• ers. On sale at 9«c. $1.20, $1.45,
,I? .75," $2.lM>, $2.50 and fj.(li). Many
worth double. '¦¦ :
, BELTS-i-Very latest straight front 'tucked
Belts, made of good Satin, extra ->.>•
-¦ wide, 75c quality. ";¦ On 5a1e...'. .. T"t>w .
, HANDKERCHIEFS— By chance we bought
.:• about .300 dozen .Lace.' and Embroidered,:
- 'trimmed linen Handkerchiefs at about one-
,; half their value. Until lot is sold',:l| (s>/;
: .we. place them on sale Each lUv
'• HOSIERY--.Our regular , • 20c ' Children's
¦;¦•; Hose, : double knee, > heel and toe, *in ' ; fine
- or heavy ribbed, sizes 5 to 9 I A. " f • 1 4) 1 <->
.-•; On sale-to-day.. ...w. ...... Pair 14;jv
Rubber Coats ; for Women . ¦ and
- Children.
; . We're closing them out on account of lack 1
¦' of display : room. ¦ ' We're selling ,-: them ' at ,
nearly half regular prices. . They* re, stylish j
and serviceable garments, : have the appear-,
- ance ;of - fine ' cloth, made with , long .; storm
'. capes, with silk velvet collar, lined In plain
5 and '• plaid '¦ effects ; come in ¦ colors .of ¦ gray,
' black and navy ; blue. ;s:;;-";.; s : ;;-";. - - ... : ¦
<IrQ ; HA For WOMEN'S MACKIN-
O •Vf . TOSHES. Regular . price : $5.00.
ICO •-ins; For MISSES' MACKIN-
<J)-A»^O TOSHES. Regular price $3.50.:
We're open to-night till 11 o'clock.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
- Between Taylor and Jonos. : ' ¦
DANGERS THAT
MENACE SOCIETY
Plain Duty of Man Is to
Correct Evils That
Exist.
Interesting Lecture by Rabbi
Voorsanger at Temple
Emanu-El.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger delivered an in
structive lecture at the Temple Emanu-El
on Sutter street last night, his subject
being the dangers that menace society,
and the duty of men to correct existing
evils. In his preface he alluded to the
war of the Vendee in France in 1792,
which necessarily brought into play' the
national characteristics of the revolution
ists. It was then that Danton cried out
in the National Assembly when he sought
to restore peace, "'Let my name be blight
ed, so that my country may be free!"
Rabbi Voorsanger said in part:
It was this remark which made Danton fa
mous. There are characters wno sought fame
through the commission of infamous acts, and
who gained infamy instead. Was not the as
sassin of our martyred President actuated by
a similar motive? He sought fame and won in
famy. Now that his monstrous crime has been
expiated, it might be well for us to pause and
consider in how iar existing conditions are re
sponsible for this crime which piunged a nation
into grief. It is the duty of the pulpit, the
platform, the press and Congress Itself to de
termine whether we are not Individually and
collectively responsible for this crime against
the constitution of the United States.
It Is a matter of serious doubt if our edu
cational systems are complete. Good and evil
are two mighty 1 actors which are constantly
operating in society. This is the best Govern
ment in the world because it is the most demo
cratic; and yet, while we believe this and con
demn in unsparlnsr terms assaults upon this
great man, we should delve beneath the sur
lace and ascertain the cause of discontent if
any exist, and which we know exists. We
should find out If the people are unhappy, and
why. It is to this apathy to existing conditions
we too often display that these periodical out
bursts of individual hatred for the representa
tives of the nations of the world are mainly
due.
Tne speaker expressed the conviction
that men should learn to know each other
better. He discussed the question of ad
vancement of the world on religious,
moral, intellectual and industrial lines. All
great movements not based on sound mo
rality must necessarily fail. The well be
ing of society and of the world was best
subserved by a strict adherence to moral
and religious laws in all the movements
projected by man.
SAILED.
Thursday, November 14. .
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, Eureka. .
• . ' - Friday, November 15.
. Stmr Alex Duncan, ¦ Smith, Moss landing.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
¦ j Stmr Chico, Jensen, Fort Brapg
Stmr Rival, Johnson, South Bend.
. Stmr Girsy,:Leland, Santa Cruz.
Ktmr Alcazar. Carlson, .
U ¦"¦ S stmr Grant, Bruguiere, Manila and
Honolulu. .•
Bark Kate Davenport, Rosendall, Port Blake
ley. ¦• - - ¦--- -- - - - ¦ . ¦ .
- < Schr John A, Nielsen, Grays Harbor.
' Schr Occidental, Nuberg, Eureka.
Schr Gotama. Olsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Fortuna, Ollsen, Eureka.
' Schr Nettle Sundborg. Larsen, .
RETURNED.
Friday, November 15.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Smith, hence Nov 14
for Moss Landing, returned on account of
strong SE winds.
¦..'¦ • TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 15, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SE, velocity 14 miles per hour.
V ' SPOKEN. ;0.., -
Oct 23, lat 5 S. lon 34 W— Fr bark Villa de
Dijon, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
No date, lat 45 S, lon 51 W— Br ship Glau
cus, from Antwerp, . for San Francisco.
• ' DISASTER.
LONDON. Nov 15— U S stmr Hancock, from
Manila j for San Francisco, is ashore and re
mains at Shimonesekl, Straits of Cargoose. Ger
man gunboat is assisting.
.'¦ -T: DOMESTIC PORTS. .
;BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Nov 14-Schr
Newark, for San Franc's ¦
CASPAR— Arrived - Nov 15— Stmr Scotia,
hence Nov 14. . : • ..
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skacuay.
Sailed Nov. 14— Stmr City of Seattle for
Skagusy. Nov 15— Br stmr Queen Adelaide,
for Taco:r.a. . •. •
Sailed Nov 14— Nor stmr Horda. for Port
land, Or. ' • •
TACOM A— Arrived Nov 14— Bark Levi G Bur-
ETess, hence Oct 2S. j . :
Sailed ¦ Nov" 15-i-Br ' ship Eudora, for United
Kingdom. "' ¦ '
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived • Xov 14— Stmr
Robert Dollar, from New Whatcom.
;" Sailed Nov 15— Schr Commerce, for Antofo
gasta. • > ¦-": .•--.-..¦
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr
Alcazar,' from . * ¦ * J«
Sailed Nov ; 15— Stmr Coauille River, for San
Francisco. • . ..'¦¦¦ ¦ -.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 15— Schr Guide, hence
Nov 12: schr Bertie Minor, hence Nov 10.
SaMed Nov 15 — Stmr Pomona. ' for -San Fran
cisco; schr Allen A. for Redondo. ¦ . - .. '
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr ¦ Arctic,
from Seattle. i
- GRAYS - HARBOR— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr
N?wburK. hence Nov 12. ¦ -
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 15-Stmr
Alcazar, from ¦ Point Arena.
X Sailed Nov 15— Schr Tidal Wave, for Port
Townsend.
'. SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 14—Stmr City of To
peka, for Victoria. Nov 15— Stmr Umatllla.
for. San ¦ Francisco: ship Standard, for San
Francisco. ¦ - .. -.
Arrived Nov. Stmr City of Puebla, from
San Francisco: stmr Bertha, for Valdez.
TACOMA— Nov 15— Stmr Queen Ade
laide, from Seattle; stmr Matteawan, from
San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Nov 13— Stmr State of
California, from San Francisco; stmr St Denis,
from Ensenada. '
Sailed Nov 15— Stmr State of California, for
Eusenada.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TENF.RIFFE— SaiIed Oct j 23— Ger stmr Den
derah. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
. HAMBURG— SaiIed , Nov \ 15— Ger stmr Isls.
for Pan .Francisco.
PORT SAlD— Arrived Nov Nor stmr Ma
thilda, from Norfolk, for Manila. ¦ - ; ; , ¦ -.-.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Nov 13— Br ship Bel
fast, for Hull. .. •-
LAMLASH— SaiIed Nov 14— Br ship Senator,
for Seattle;; ¦. ' ¦>',-¦
SYDNEY— SaiIed Nov 14— P»r ship Kinross
shire,- for Newcastle. Aus, and San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed ' Nov 'l3— Br stmr Gleno
cle. for Victoria. ~ • •
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Nov 14— Bktn
Wrestler, from Noumea. ¦¦—¦:- ¦..¦ . :•-.,•%:
OCEAN STEAMERS. •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr New
England, from Boston. ; Nov 15— Stmr Noord
land. from Philadelphia, via Queenstown. ~ - .
. ¦ Sailed Nov .15— Stmr Cambroman. ¦. for Port
land. Me: stmr Cevle, for New York. - ¦¦•¦• ¦
¦ PERNAMBUCO— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Anu
bl«i, frcm . San Francisco, ; via Valparaiso, etc,
for Hamburg. -: ¦', -.'.' " ?¦
RUSSELL WILL CONTHTUE
AS SUPERVISORS' CLERK
Judiciary Committee Places His Ap
plication for Leave of Absence
on Pile.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
yesterday recommended the placing on
file of the application of John A. Russell,
dork of the Board of Supervisors, for a
six months' leave of absence. Edgar
Painter addressed the committee and
urged that the leave be not granted, but
that the application be placed on file.
Painter argued that Mr. Russell's sick
ness was legal cause for absence and that
no formal permit was necessary.
The committee was of the opinion that
the board has no power to grant a leave
of absence with salary. In vle"w of the I
long and faithful service of Mr. Russell, |
he will be allowed to retain his position
during his temporary disability.
The committee referred to the City At
tcrr.ey the proposed ordinance fixing at
$2 50 the daily wages of employes of the
Park Commission and those on any public
utility that may hereafter be acquired.
Tho official's opinion is desired on the
point whether the Board of Supervisors
has the power to fix the compensation of
such employes.
The bill providing for the appointment
of a Board of Examining Engineers to
license engineers of portable and station
ery engines was reported against, as the
charter does not provide for such a board
A new bill will be drafted so as to place
the power in the Board of Public Works,
which will employ one or two examining
engineers for the purpose, the City At
torney to pass on its validity.
.Hales.
u.'i.nr-.J.r---,---'.. , "\ ; '"* W
'*-""" *" f&JM?JMF Market Street. ]
Market Street, Zfr o?^^*+*^ near?ixh. f
Opposite Coltfen ; ~ffljf/<^m>^m&j%!3& Opposite Go:d,n
Opposite GolCen "^-^^ggWP OOQI^^ G<it- Aycnue. j
Gate Avenue. /m^^GoOO£oO££^ | Uat. Avenue.
«— ¦ — — 11 — — :: — "~" " ~ ~ <>
OpenTo=night I
And Every Saturday Night 1 ill Xmas.
We've got so much worth seeing and so many of you to see it that
we'vr ot to hook on an evening a week now in order to give every-
body a chance.
To start the ball a-rolling we'll give
FREE— 2OOO Souvenir Books*
Will be elven after 7 o'clock to every child who visits the toy and doll floor
(third floor) with an adult. The book in Itself Is worth coming down for.
o ¦ v
Kid Gloves, Boc. Beautiful Wide
o ____ — _ o Ribbons, 33z. '
A Fu.ll Dollar's They're just as new and pretty as
ir/ . ,t s mit „„,? they can be — a new line just hurried
Worth of K it and to Vs by express of
StjjU and Liberty Satin Ribbons. .
outis/ao yon. . wlth polka dot 3 4% incnea wide al i ,^j»
.'-•-¦¦ m colors, cream, cardinal, a light blue, lilac/
° , Nile, etc. ¦ , More ribbon beauty and style tor
¦ We'd Still, get a dollar for them if the price than you're fased to getting. 225.
we weren't ambitious. / But we saw a C mm&cx A r»f- Q/-hrfcrkl
chance to jump into prominence at rTtC nit Z!*CI1OUI.
once. We told the maker if he'd New Cla«*e? are be in& formed,
give them tO US 2OC a pair less we'd . Come In to-day and Join the new classes in
try to sell so many thousand more Embroidery Paper Novelties
pairs a year. "Yes, sir, I'll do it," Lice Makmj ..» Leather Surn.ng
 ,  . ,, , , • The classes wiM beyin Monday morning.
Said he, and 111 make them JUSt as convening at 9. 10:30. 1 and 2:30. Tuition
gOOd as ever." . fee. and we have got the best teachers
gooa .is ever. there are
Yankee shrewdness and German (> __ : .: — — , i o
judgment make a powerful team m' ;-i; -i U>t>rttn\
when.pulling together. /TlUSlCdr KeCllcll
So we can stand back of every T*o"nJ2Th't.
pair," giving you the same full guar- fc muslc booth on ' ths
antee as if you paid a dollar. floor. Those popular soloists— d.
There is .„ size. 5*4 to 7Vi. and In such C. ROSEBROOKE and MR. JAMES G.
Tnere is every size, 5% to 7VI. and In such •_.-„_„ ... .„»-_?-•„ w i»k f, m ,ii. r
colors as tan, mode, brown, black and gray. PE\V EY-will entertain with faimliar
It's a heavy German lambskin glove, beauti- an < ,J tC r , 3 'm t i° n £, " " a treat
fully stitched backs, carefully shaped and music lovers wl!1 enjoy -
sewed; fastened with two clasps. O ¦' ©
(An acciden' an.l, Inch ten 1 of tride )
' WOMEN'S
Regular 122 C Stockings 7c.
They are the very identical stockings we've Rot in stock C ¦ r " — T?
at i2^c. But some of the boxes got wet on the train L*' /c^ ' a/7fl ' l
coming out here, the water in some boxes even getting I Gain is yours. V
coming out here, the water in some boxes even gettins { Ga/n is /ours. V
to the edge of the stockings. But what damage can J gg U y io-aay. f
water do good stockings? Q O
Only the Price Is Hurt.
\ Almost two pairs for. the price of one —
7c Instead of 12k;.
You couldn't get more useful or more worthy stockings even for \2V2c:
medium weights. Extra long and elastic. Shaped and narrowed foot and
ankle. Sizes 8y 2 to 10. .
Women's 25c Fashioned Hose lf)c— Fast black Maco cotton, -fine gauire.
medium weight, elastic tops, double heels and toes; sizes 8 to 10. A regular
23c stocking we will sell for 19c a pair, or .£2.23 a dozen. v
Women's Open Lace Stocking's 22c a Pair— Two styles; fast black lace lisle
on solid vertical lace- open work from ankle to top. Sizes Bto 10. 22c a pair.
Children's 2."> c Stockings 12V6c a Pair— 7 r -
Only Three Sizes— (>, 6%, 7— Ye, could not give you better stockings even :if
you paid us twice as much, but because we have not a full range of sizes
we are willing 1 to lose on these* three to Quickly close them out. It's an im-
ported hose, Ixl rib, dyed IN HERMSDORF BLACK; with , unbleached soles,
double knees and toes. Half price to-day for the first time, 12% c. ... « '
Extra Heavy Boys' 25c Hose 19c Pair-Extra 'heavy, bicycle ribbed, fast
, black, seamless, iron-thread, hard twisted and elastic, double knee 3, heels md
i toes; sizes 7to 10. The heaviest stocking made for boys. 1 - ; .¦ ; . ¦' ¦¦;... -
Boys' and Girls' Iron-Thread Hose 20c Pair— Two styles/ fine ribbed, seam-
less, in two weights— narrow rib, medium weight, hard "twisted, smooth fin-
ish; narrow rib, heavy weight, hard twisted and elastic. Double knees, heels
and toes; sizes 6to 10. An extraordinarily good value. . . .;. , .-;.,•. ._.
-^ *¦'¦-- - - »^ ¦* ;¦" '_' - - ¦ *- «^ T .
Market Strict, t^L^l^-^^-^ *ffl^oß^ ©^^^ Market Street,
>ear Sixth, /ftf/M/ 'O/%s? $# S 8* near Sixth.
Opposite Golden . iSf? /**[ -^^^___~ , I x" Opposite Golden
Gate Avenue. ¦'¦ /sit -^zGOOfi GOOC^^^ , n Gate Avenue.
sj -.. — - — ss . r *^ — ¦ ft -a
GRIEF-STRICKEN
BOY ENDS LIFE
Antone Revezzani Could
Not Endure His
Sorrow.
For seven months Antone Revezzani, a.
17-year-old boy, grieved for his mother
who was dead. Yesterday his sorrow be
came too great a burden for him to bear
and he hanged himself.
Revezzanl's body was discovered sus
pended to a piece of water-pipe that iuns
across the top of a hallway in his home
at 4H Union place. Life had been extinct
10- some minutes. A handkerchief con
cealed the features, giving evidence of
the delicacy of feeling with which the
lonely boy prepared for fiis tragic act.
Last April Mrs. Revezzani becama ill
and after two weeks of suffering sne died.
During her sickness she was faithfuily
attenaed by her son. The boy. when the
end came, seemed to lose all interest in
his associates anrt his labor and since
has been moody and melancholy. Many
times he has expressed a desire to die,
saying that he had nothing on earth to
live for since his mother passed away.
Last evening he ate his supper with his
father During the meal he was particu
larly downcast, but the father, appre
hending no serious results, left him. and
went down town.
Young Revezzani then made his final
arrangements. He dragged an ash bar
rel directly under the pipe and stood
upon it. Then he fastened a clothes line
over the pipe and about his neck. These
things being done he kicked the barrel
aside. The force of the fall was so
great as to break his neck.
UNIVERSITY GRADUATES
FOBM BUCKET BRIGADE
With Aid of Fire Department They
Extinguish Blaze in Their
Lodging-House.
A blaze In the lodging-house called
"The Abbey," at 711 Taylor street, owned
by Miss A. C. Howe, did damage yester
day to the extent of $150. The fire was
caused by the defective pipe of a heating
stove located in the back portion of the
house and was discovered by Fred Healy,
who immediately turned in an alarm.
The occupants of the house are mostly
university graduates. They immediately
organized a bucket brigade, headed by
the Chinese cook.
The blaze had gained some headway be
fore the arrival of the fire engines, but
all the furniture had been removed from
the room. A well-directed stream of
water put out the ftre in short order, but
not before considerable woodwork was
burned. Among those who performed gal
lant service in saving the effects were
H. Edward Greenfield, Algernon Poet
Charles Hillyer, Peter George, James
Beattie and Thomas Siemen.
McKinley Memorial Fund.
The following contributions to , the Me-
Klnley memorial fund were received yes
terday:
Myrtle Lodge No. 42, A. O. V. "W.. $10- a E
Highway, Jl; cash (Ohio Society), $3 50 Mem
orial Lodge No. 174, A. O. U. W., $5; s?ven
Pines Circle No. 3, Ladles G. A. 1 R., *5- White
Eagle Tribe : No. 72, I. O. -R. * M., ¦ $10; San
Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O. O. E $25- R J
Tyson & Co., $5: cash. $1; Hofftran & 'Roths
child. $50; H. Levy (214 Pine street). $5 Sav
ings and Loan Society, $50; J. Malocq «•
total $173 50; ii previously reported, $26 -™ 61
total, $26,803 11. • * . . . ' *
There Is only one reason why you shouldn't
drink Jesse Moore "AA 11 Whiskey— That's be
cause you have signed the pledge. •
m
'.SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY;
GRANULATED BEST CANE SUGAR, 22' !i)s.sl
Sugar. Special Saturday Only.
Best L Bros.' Brand Eastern Hams. . 13c
Our Special Brand of Eastern Hams are
Sugar-cured and Every Ham is Guaranteed.
Ree. »He. •
CHOICE POINT REYES CREAMERY, 5q.37&
One square. 40c; 2 squares. 75c.
Extra Special. Reg. 45c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square 45c
Our Butter Sales have increased our trada
and made friends. Reg. 55c. :
New Santa Clara French Prunes, 5 lbs -25c
Large size. Re*. 3 lbs. 25c. ¦ . ,
MOCHA AND JAVA, Our Best Coffee, 15. 25 c"?
We have the Best Coffee In the World. " "
Re;r. 35c !b.
Lenox, Proctor & Gamble's Soap, 8 cks.2sc
Reg. ' S cakes for 23c. - ¦"" J
Ehirardslirs Ground Chocolate, Mb can.2sc
Re-. 30c. /
PETALUMA RANCH E63S, dozen ..... 25c
Ties. 25c. Guaranteed Good. B&s&~- •• -
BEST MISSION EMS, d0zen.. ...... 40c
Mission . Eggs are very scarce and hard
to ret. Re«r. Eoc. . .
Moiiogrtan 0. P. S. Whiskey, gal.. $2.50
Special Request. Reg. $3 50. '-.
PORT, SHERRY. AV6kLiCA, quart bot 25c
Res. 40c. Old, Good and Pure.
NEW -SEASON'S TEAS,'- 6 kinds, Ib . 40c
„ Res. «0c and 73c lb.
KEROstSt STAH OIL, 5-ga!t?n can. .$1.05
I Market has advanced. Keg. tl 26. Will
allow 10c for empty can.
OLD bUVtRNNtNI WHISKEY, qt, bot 90c
Extra Special. Re«. $1 15.
PLU.« PUDOIN6S, l-h. can. ;...;... 20c
Richardson & Robblns'. Reg. 25c.
Macaroni, Spaghetti, extra quality, box. 2oc
Vermicelli. Res. 25c. "•"- J
6HIR*RD;LU'S UOCUA, >,-lb. can ... 20c
Res. 23c.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes ¦ - - 25c
White. Res. 4 cakes 23c.
BROMAN6ELUN DESStRT JELLY, pkg:lOc
All Flavor*. Reg. 13c.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS v-
.Can take advantage of > these Special/^
Sales. We shio Free of Charge with
. every $5 or more within 100 miles. Ask
for monthly price list— Free.
- 1343-13 4 • »rket Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 232. ¦ No Branch Stores.
County Clerk's Office, San Francisco-
-r^ * * tuvff rr _¦ ,r_ ¦ 'GEORGE MATERX<6*»
1071^ Market st.— Sir: Th«
*SSj£Btßu3JtMfilS% / ' Kl&sses purchased from
x>tiHsME«]Hsriatfc^ you ' our years ago havo
MgpSWiP JO always given and are now
t-SSSwZ srivins perfect satisfac-
¦rcßf^JwjLiflrS lion- Prior to their v**
¦ — Vy>?»ss(Si^»itr. my eyes tired when read-
:^<>gW"M»»'j>^O Ing by gaslight, have no
sytf.'tlil! ]\\^ W^X^VV^ such trouble at present.
' SV/mll\\ \\ \VVC^X Respectfully yours.
.<X7v VH'^vN. >*j7at whiteside.
Mayerlcs Glasses Strengthen the Eye and
Brain. German Eyewater. 50c.
GEORGE MAYERI.E. German Expert Opti-
cian. 1071 ii Market St.. near ' Seventh.
» Cut This Out. • ..
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
| The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special i
1 Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.v j£
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the lii«
revs and Bladder. Sells on its own merits. 1 1 1
-.•..*¦» NABER. AIJFS & BRUNE, Agents, .
-. 323 Market St.. S. F— (Send for Circular* »fl
.' . . .- . . ¦ ¦ ' J$M