PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CITY ASSUMES ITS HOLIDAY ATTIRE
AND IS NOW PREPARED TO WELCOME
THE INCOMING HOSTS OF LEAGUERS
Public Is Requested by Qorhmittee to Decorate With Epworth Colors
and Extend Cordial Greeting" to yisitors^=Pref)aratiohs at the
Pavilion for Grand Opening Nearly Completed.
Ke"w Directory of the Lake Metropolis
e-i. 'Will Stow 3ig Increase in
Kesidents.
CHICAGO'S POPULATION
OVEB TWO MILLIONS
CHICAGO, July 12.— There will be more
than 615.000 names in the new city direc
tory due to appear July 20. and statisti
cians versed In population figures say the
big book will show that Chicago has 2.1W,
0<X) inhabitants. This will be a 5 per cent
gain over 1900. a larger ratio of increase
than that of past years. There are 584,000
names in the directory of 1900, indicating
a population of 2,010,000. The Federal cen
sus showed only 1.69S.575, but the school
count was 2,007.693, and the directory pub
lishers declare that Uncle Sam's men
missed many inhabitants.
NOTED VTSGIUTAN DIES
. . A HZBMTT IN MEXICO
Lived for Thirty Years Remote From
Civilization and Refused . to
." -'.;' Heceive Americans.
AUSTIN. Tex., July 12.— A dispatch from
Chihuahua, Mexico, says: • Major T. J.
Mackamy, formerly a noted politician and
prominent citizen of Virginia, who came
to Mexico thirty years ago and has ever
since Uved the life of a hermit on a ranch
in a remote part of this county, is dead.
He lived In an adobe hut near the village
of Guadalupe y Calve, and was never
known to speak to an American after en
tering upon his life of seclusion.
BEITISH WOUNDED ABANDONED
LONDON. July 12.— There was a noisy
pession in the House of Commons arising
from a question as to whether the British
wounded were left In the hands of the
Boers at Vlakfontein. Lord Stanley,
Financial Secretary of the War Office, de
clared the War Office had no Information
on the subject, but John Dillon, Irish Na
tionalist, backed up by the cheers and
ehouts of the Nationalists, plied'' Lord
Stanley with questions until the Speaker
intervened.
As Dillon declined to give way the
Speaker reproved him, but after a con
siderable uproar a compromise was
reached, Dillon giving notice that he will
repeat his questions Monday- .
to decorate their places of business in
some appropriate manner. If nothing else
is provided, he asks that the league col
- ors of red, white and yellow be displayed
in some form or other. A compliance with
this appeal, he adds, will be heartily ap
preciated not only by the committee but
by the thousands of visitors for whose
benefit the decorations are now being pro
vided.
Reception Committee's Work. •
The reception booth at the Pavilion was
decorated with the league colors and oc
cupied for the first time last evening. It
is situated on the south side of the build-
Jng. between the headquarters of the en
tertainment committee and the \ Southern
Pacific's exhibit j The headquarters has
been supplied with a telephone. and those
in charge will be constantly incommunl-.
"cation with the outlying" sections of the
;cbmmittee^ V?'v .': -;/¦-;¦. ¦''¦:;."' ¦ ¦ I .'¦¦/¦ '¦'/'.-'
¦ • The headquarters of the reception com
mittee Is under the supervision ' of : Chair
man W. H.' Waste,'. who is also vice chair
man of the general committee. Miss Alice
Macdowell, secretary of the committee,
will be In immediate charge. The San
Francisco section of the committee has
been organized into four divisions, direct
ed as follows: Main section and ferry.
Vice Chairman F. Ernest Edwards; Santa
Fe section and ferry, E. K. Blggerstaff;
Valencia street section. Vice Chairman
Miss Rosina H. Treadwell; Third anl
Townsend streets. Vice Chairman Miss
Ruth Sorrells. Under the leadership of
these vice chairmen these four points will
be carefully watched day and night until
the close of the convention and ' all reg
ular and special Epworth League trains
will be met by delegations of the recep-;
tion committee.
The Harbor Commissioners have cour
teously allotted to the reception commit
tee headquarters In «the private office? of
tho commission in the -south nave of the ;
ferry building. A section of the commit
tee will be found in this place until, the
close of the convention. The final meet
ing of the San Francisco section of the
reception committee 'was " held at the .T.
M. .C. A. building v last night. 'Final- in
structions were given to the ladies and
all matters with which they are to deal
thoroughly explained to them by W. . H.
Waste and the various vice chairmen.
. Appeal to the Public.
Vice Chairman Waste of the, general
committee Issued an appeal , to the public
last night In _ which he asks that every
citizen constitute himself a committee of
one -for the - reception and entertainment
of the. thousands of visitors who are. now
pouring into the city by every train. The
card, to the people of the city is couched
in the following language: ' .
• . To ¦¦ the General .Public: The "Christian En
deavor ¦ convention of 1837 afforded opportunity
Thirty-Sve policemen drove the mob
from the Courthouse block, but 500 of
them remained in the streets a block
away. Among these a rumor was current
that a big crowd of stockyards men would
arrive at 1 o'clock, prepared to storm the
jail. The police scoffed at this report and
eaid there would be no further trouble to
night.
At 1:15 a. m. the mob seemed to have
abandoned its lynching plans. Five hun
dred men, in squads of seventy-five, are
raiding the negro quarters In the north
end, .chasing and beating (negroes and
smashing windows.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 13. 12:30 a. m.
—The mobhas taken to beating negroes
¦with whom a quarrel can be provoked,
and ten black men have been assaulted.
A number of pistol shots have been fired,
but no one Injured. The crowd has begun
to diminish.
Assailing! AH Negroes.
It vras said that six of the negro sus
pects have been spirited away to the
•workhouse. The negrces still in Jail are
the trro rtr'co h*ve bees Identined-^^icpn
Roberts 'an-1 Count Holland. There is
deep feeling over the outrage among all.
classes of the community, which had al-'
ready been aroused by the murder of Tom
Scruggs, son of a prominent citizen, by a
gang of ruffians in Troost Park last
month.
At midnight the crowd at the Court
house had not decreased in numbers, but
seemed to be leaderless, and an aggressive
movement appeared unlikely. The crowd
¦was largely composed of the rough ele
ment, such as gathers eager for trouble
of any sort, but dozens of Influential citi
zens urged tfce people to go home.
Slob Lacks a Leader.
The crime which incensed the citizens
of this city Is one of the most daring oat
rages ever perpetrated here. Miss Davis
and her escort, Vernle ICewton, were
walking home after having spent the
evening at Troost Park. At Nineteenth
street and Woodland avenue three negroes
sprang upon them from behind. Miss New
ton was knocked senseless and Miss Davis
was dragged 400 feet into a private park
and assaulted. "When she recovered con
sciousness her escort was still insensible.
They are both in a critical condition.
vengeance against three negroes who
crimin&llj' assaulted Miss Grace Davis
Wednesday night In a populous and high
ly respectable neighborhood. Eight sus
pects, two of whom have been identified,
are held at the jail. Marshal Maxwell
and his deputies were able, however, to
protect the prisoners. The mob was joined
by a large number of men from the ex
cursion steamers, which returned to the
city at 11 o'clock. The crowd did nothing
but shout and threaten. Policemen
worked vigorously to disperse them.
KANSAS CITY. July 12.— A crowd of
2000 excited men and boys surrounded the
jail in this city to-night, clamoring for
Palling to I<ynch the Arcussd,
Boughs Attack and Beat All
ITegroes Encountered on the
City's Public Streets.
Citizens of Kansas City Are
Enraged by Fiendish As
sailants.
Two Thousand Men
Visit Jail Clamoring
for Vengeance.
PRISONERS
THREATENED
BY BIG MOB
Continued on Page Two.
, CHICAGO,, July 12.— The Rev. Peter J.
Muldoon'vhas . f been ;' appointed. auxiliary
Bishop ' to 'ArchMshop Feehan of .Chicago.
He has.been'for many years chancellor of
the' .arihdiocese' 'and;: ia - rector .'of St.
Charles : oarish. '- ,
y Catholic .Clergyman Is Elevated.
OGDEN, Utah. July 12.— Retiring Mana
ger J. A. Fillmore of the Southern Pacific
is to.be the recipient of a small .'fortune
at the- hands of -the > 25,000 employes of
that company. Mr. Fillmore . is perhaps
the most '¦; universally loved 'railroad man
in the West, and now that he Is* to sever
his connection with the company 'the em
ployes show their "appreciation of
what .he has done for, them in the past
by presenting ; him' with a purse : of JOOOO
in cash. -Circulars were got- out here
to-day and will : b£ \ mailed • to every em
ploye •- of the' company with : the ; reques*
that he contribute what . he . can to the
fund. ' ; '¦,'¦ ,. ." ; '¦
Special Dispatch : to The Call.
Will ', Present Retiring Mana
ger With a Purse of Five
Thousand Dollars.
EMPLOYES TO GIVE
FILLMORE A FORTUNE
- A semblance of reason' is given to their
arguments by 'the freely . voiced statement
that Andrade is; extremely, friendly 'to the
Americanasphalt trust— a friendliness not
shared by .Venezuela's present administra
tion—and that the asphalt trust would in
all . likelihood give Andrade ample back
ing should. he be ambitious to secure* by
force his former power in the republic": ¦'
Army enlistments are increased by con
scription, guns^ rifles and ammunition are
being purchased 1 in Europe:' and the Gov
ernment is fortifying Callao and San
Lorenzo. There are fears on account of
this military; activity.
ary purposes, seeks to overthrow the pres
ent Venezuelan Government.
LIMA, Peru, July 12.— Peruvians are in
quiring -why, there Is so much military ac
tivity in 'this republic. They\ are asking
with whom Peru is going, to fight
Special Dispatch to The Call.
tion and Cities Being,
Fortified.
Army Increased by Conscrip-
MILITARY ACTIVITY
AMONG THE PERUVIANS
Hanna, the Children's Guardian.
CLEVELAND. July 12.— Judge Dissett
of the Common Pleas Court this after
noon appointed Senator M. A. Hanna
guardian of the three, children of his son.
Daniel R- Hanna. by the latter's divorced
wife. The action was taken as the result
of an injunction issued yesterday pro
hibiting Mrs. Hanna from removing the
children from the jurisdiction of the Cleve
land courts. She, however, learned of the
issuance of the Injunction, and with the
children left the city for New York before
the papers were served upon hex.
No one can be found here who Is will-
Ing to vouchsafe an explanation ' f or ' An
drade's assumption of incognito,,particu
larly in view of this, that the reports of
incipient trouble In Venezuela necessarily
tend to make his. action the more sus
picious. , , .
The enemies of Andrade are not diffident
In declaring that the general, | for mercen-
NEW YORK, July 12.— A Journal special
from San Juaji de Porto Rico says: Ven
ezuelans here who have been agitated by
reports from New York that the agents of
a Venezuelan revolutionary party are pre
paring plans In that city for a new
Caracas coup d'etat were startled. yester
day by the arrival at this port under an
assumed name of General Andrade, for
mer TresiJent of Venezuela. Andrade
came from New. York on the steamer
Ponce. He was registered on the passen
ger list as "J. Tiones."
Special Dispatch to The Cill.
# Backed by the Asphalt
Trust.
Andrade's Revolutionary Plan
VENEZUELANS SCENT
BOLD COUP D'ETAT
The decorative scheme Is an attrac-.
tive one. The plan was laid out by George
Norton, chairman of the decoration com
mittee, and it provides for festoons of
flags every sixty feet. There are j two .
lines of color, one above the other, the
lower consisting of Epworth flags and
emblems, and the upper made up of the
stars and stripes and the league colors
of red, white and -. yellow. This plan is
followed along Market street from East
to the Pavilion and along Montgomery'
and Kearny from Market to Pine, : Grant"
avenue from Market- to Sutter and on
Stockton from Market to ' Geary. , The
same scheme will be employed along
Fourth. Fifth, Sixth and Seventh streets
from Market to Mission." At the inter
section of each of these streets with Mar
ket there will be an electrical festoon of
350 lights each, from which; will belsus
pei.ded a red Maltese cross with the let
ters E and Li In white. The crosses are
ten feet square 'and when Illuminated
make an attractive display. ; V
Chairman Norton has Issued an appeal
to the merchants along the main streets
pretty spectacle,
SAN FRANCISCO began to assume
•its holiday attire yesterday when
a force, of men commenced the
.work of decorating on" Market an>l
the other principal thoroughfares.
Before the close of the day Market street,
with its .wealth of Epworth League bunt
ing and fluttering flags extending from
the ferries to the Pavilion, presented a
Grand Chorus Rehearsal.
The first rehearsal of the grand chorus
to take place with the organ accompani
ment attracted a large . concourse to the
Pavilion last night. About 900 members
of-the chorus, embracing singers from this
city and Oakland, occupied seats on the
platform. Among the audience were many
visiting leaguers. . The general public was
not admitted, and this was a source of
bitter disappointment to many hundreds,
who vainly clamored for admittance.'
; The entire programme as printed in The
the Oakland contingent Is ¦ making great
preparations for their reception. The re
ception committee across' the bay in
charge of A; H. Trathen began the dis
charge of its duties -yesterday afternoon.
The committee wijll be -constantly in the
field from nowoni ' :
R. ; H. Harris went to Tracy yesterday
to open a branch registration office at
that point! It" is designed by this to re
lieve the ¦". pressure at the Pavilion when
the rush begins.
President E!i McClish of the University
of the Pacific is in the city with a view
to arranging for an exhibit of the uni
versity at the Pavilion.
Miss Hall, . a returned missionary from
Korea, . registered . at the Pavilion head
quarters yesterday.
Dr. J. W. Tarboux. Bishop of the Meth
odist Episcopal church. South, in Brazil,
will arrive in the city Monday. He will
accompany a party of New York leaguers.
| to-day's; date, states a post of South'Af
rican constabulary at Houtkop, northwest
of Vereenlglng. was attacked . by • the
Boers yesterday. The enemy succeeded In
capturing an old • seven-pounder, but was
finally repulsed., .The British './. loss was
three killed and seven wounded.' .'.
. Lord Methuen "was engaged east of Ze
rust on July : 5. ; . He captured forty-three
Boers,'. a quantity, ofammunition and cat
tle wagons.. The British lost two wounded
and the Boers three killed.
Kitchener sent \ a dispatch j to the War
Office to r day explaining his • failure to:re,
port a n\ engagement "between" 240 of his
scouts and .400 .of, the enemy, near "Warm
Baths early, last; month.; He ;•' says : the
Boers were commanded by.Pretorlus.'not
by Beyers, as stated in the* press. ;. He
contends -it, would", be impossible- to ; send
an account of each ¦ action. . owing .to their
number. In. conclusion Kitchener says : :
!'I do not .approve, of '.the; 'Inclination,' to
magnify* every j:nlmportant skirmish into
a'Britlsh victory^that. exists'flh the. press,'
and ' although ; Ij find; It ¦ difficult, to' control
thls,;I certainly do not encourage it in any.
¦way." , ; .; ¦•'. ..."¦,.,'•¦. •••'". '¦-'¦ ¦ V --
.Lieutenant Hern,' who is quoted; as' say
ing he saw. the Boers shoot wounded pris- :
oners at ;.Vlakfontein, arrived at Plymouth
from South Africa' to-day.-; * * iJ •:*.":,
I LONDON, July 12.— A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener to the "War Office, under
Special Dispatch to The Call. K
Houtkop.
Boers Active and
Vigorously Attack Post at
; Alleged: British
:"; ; Victories.
Kitchener Frowns Upon
BATTLES TOO
NUMEROUS TO
BE REPORTED
In^behalf of the reception : committee of the
convention of ¦"California 1901" may I ask that
our people again use every endeavor to . bring
about the same result ? ¦ Will you not in the
interest of our. visitors offer to them every cour
tesy and attention that lies in your power, and
give to them such information as they, desire?
By: assisting them In finding their way about
the city and to our parks and public buildings
you will be conferring a great favor not only
to the /Citizens, of : San" 5ra.ncjsco for the'Jcn
1 t«Ttalnnftnt*~of "¦ the larjrest ¦'number' of \ people.
from outeida | the < Stete\ that * has gathered ;>ln'
this ,city to the; present time. / Reliable reports
,froiq the authorized railroad representatives In-'
dicate^' that the attendance at, the- fifth |;In-|
ternational : Epworth League convention .will
far exceed that of 1897. One of the pleasant fea
tures of the convention of '97 waa the uniform
courtesy^ and kindness shown to the visitors
from out the State by the citizens at large of
the city of San Francisco. The fact that every
citizen of this great city. seemed. to have con
stituted himself or herself ' a member of the
reception committee made the stay of the vis
itors at' that time one of pleasure and profit.
PROMINENT "WORKERS OF JEP
WORTH LEAGUE AND DELE
GATES TO THE CONVENTION?.
;. WASHINGTON., July 12.-r-Carrying ; out
a decision reached about a week ago. Sec
retary Hay. to-day. gave. an Instruction to
Commissioner Rockhiil. to , support ; the
Japanese ;. application for an enlargement
of -their ¦ indemnity' to be ;paid by China
from 50,000,000 yen . to 54,000,000' yen" to cover
the * depreciation in 'Japanese . ¦ bonds V : a3
compared with . those of .; some' other nn
tions. ¦¦;¦¦.;. • ' > : ¦
Ragsdale has turned over the Europeans
caught 'looting to Consuls of Great Brit
ain' and Denmark, respectively. - . . .'.
TIENTSIN. July. 12.— James A. Rags
dale, American Consul here, has, sen
tenced three American looters, caught in
the Chinese quarter, of- the city, to four
years', imprisonment' in the American jail
at Shanghai. :":-:.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AMERICAN LOOTERS
RECEIVE SENTENCES
Consul Ragsdale Imposes
Imprisonment on Three
; Ofifenders. '
About" six S hundred Epworth ... Leaguers
arrived in the city up to 6 o'clock last
night? These came on the 'regular trains
and are merely the advance guard of
the big; body, which is to arrive on Tues
day. Seventeen special trains -from Oma
ha are scheduled to arrive to-morrow, and
; At the request of the information bu
reau of the 'Southern Pacific Company,
Chairman Waste of the reception com
mittee • has designated four ladies.., in
charge of Miss Jean Hornung, to be In
attendance at the office of the railway
company under the Grand Hotel. This Is
dono to- facilitate the of the
information j bureau of " the company, "as
well as the work of the reception^commit
tee. i.\.i\:^--
Leaguers Are Rushing West-ward.
The branch postoffice at the Pavilion is
In working order. " J. G. ' Daub has been
placed in charge. He has two assistants.
A complete mailing and delivery system
has been established.' " . •
The entertainment committee provided
accommodations for nearly COO leaguers
yesterday. There was ai large member
ship of the committee in attendance, and
every applicant for rooms was attended
to without loss of time.
The - Pavilion was a scene of * unulual
activity yesterday. .The hammering was
continuous on every "side, and structures
of every description rose as by magic on
both floors. • The work on the main plat
form has been completed and the work of
placing 9000 chairs is now in progress. The
sealing capacity:;. will < be fully 12,000. .The
'.hall 'committee hail '"difficulty, in: secur-;
ing.^sufllclent chairs '^yesterday,- and '"It was
necessary to' send*ytb Oakland \i or JjSOOOf^.
r \ ,The ', county^ exhibit , was ,¦ enriched * yes-;
ferday 'afternoon' by Ythe'receip'tYof ' 10,000
packages of \ seedless raisins contributed
by the Chamber of Commerce of Fresno 1
'for free distribution to visitors. The ex
hibit will be working smoothly by .Mon
day, and greatly beneficial, results are ,ex-'
pected. .'-.•'. .
The California. Prune Association has
taken charge of the entire*' annex, and
tables and chairs for 200 guests have been
provided. During the . convention a corps
of competent cooks will be in attendance
to show In a practical manner how prunes
are best cooked. The fruit will be dis
pensed to visitors without charge. It ' is
believed by the association officers that
this cooking school will be of vast benefit
to all who will take the trouble to watch
operations here. .
to them but upon the reception committee. I
believe that one of the best results to the city
that may be obtained from this convention will
be that ; the_ reputation which our people all
have for unbounded hospitality can be again
sustained. ¦ Very truly yours.- ¦
r.i''.', ' ¦ W. H. WASTE.
Vice Chairman General Committee and Chair;
man Reception Committee.
Preparations at the Pavilion. \
SUCCESSFUL
NAVIGATION
OF THE AIR
M. Santos-Dumont Has
Solved the Great
Problem.
Makes Marvelous Trial at
Paris and Steers in All
Directions.
With His Motor-Driven Balloon tlia
Inventor Will To-Day Try for
the Prize of One Hundred
Thousand Francs.
his journeying backwards and forwards
with numerous ascents and landings, M.
Santos-Dumont did not employ a single
pinch of ballast to guarantee his equili
brium and yet remained as completely
master of his altitude as he was of his
course. He - remained at a height of be
tween 100 and 200 meters by the Inclina
tion of " the axes of the balloon and pro
pulsion of the screw."
To-morrow the Inventor will make an
official attempt to win the prize of 100.000
francs offered by Henry Deutsch for a
manageable balloon.
the Aero Club.
"The miraculous part of the experi
ments Is that during the entire course of
it3 home port, the Pare d* Aerostation of
ward the rising slope behind Longchamps.
crossed the Seine at an altitude of 200
meters and brought back his airship to
an hour and six minutes. After a little
rest, M. Santos-Dumont started off to-
Miraculous Experiments.
"Including stoppages the voyage lasted
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald" Copyright. 1901. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS. July 12.— M. Santos-Dumont has
definitely solved the problem of aerial
navigation. During a couple of hours this
morning he conclusively proved by steer
ing through the air in every direction
north, south, east and west— turning to
right or left, wheeling round In wide cir
cles above the Bois de Boulogne and fin
ally sailing off to the Eiffel Tower. M.
Emmanuel Alme. the distinguished pro
fessor of sciences and mathematics and
secretary of the Aero Club, was wildly
enthusiastic.
"It is marvelous." he exclaimed again
and again. M. Aime is accepted the world
over as an authority on aerostration. and
his opinion of to-day's trial is conse
quently of the greatest value. This Is
what he wrote for The Call and the Her
ald: .',/.
Guided During Perfect Calm.
"At 3 o'clock this morning the balloon
was guided during a period of perfect
calm from the Pare d' Aerostation at St.
Cloud to the Long-champs racecourse and
was given the final touches in the pres
ence of M. George Besancon. director of
the Aerophlle, organ of the Aero Club ami
"of French Aerostation;. M. Gustave Hcr
mite. several officers from Versailles and
Mont Valerian and myself. The words
'Let go' were • uttered by 21. Santos-Du
mont. who was alone in the car of the
balloon. There is not room In it for an
aeronaut much bigger than its designer.
, "The words were the signal for the. com
mencement" of a series of experiments of
.the most, conclusive character, which sur
passed in importance any that have been
made from the days of Montgolfler up to
the present time. Six consecutive times
the aeronaut made a complete circuit of
the Longchamps racecourse, a distance of
3600 meters.
Speed of the Airship.
"It was proved that the "airship has an
average speed of forty kilometers per
hour; " that it answered its rudder ,with
the most perfect, obedient docility, and
that the problem of landing was solved,
each voyage round the course rigorously
ending with a descent at a spot in Pelouse
indicated beforehand.
"It returned time and time again to a
previously designated spot, just before
the tribunes, with such mathematical pre
cision that the aeronaut might. If he
choose, add the most interesting and no
vel attraction in th«» review on July 11.
"When II. Santos-Dumont had accom
plished all these evolutions he turned the
head of his balloon In the direction of
Huteaux and sailed off to that " place.
Then he turned round sharply and cams
back to the starting point before the
tribunes.
Circles the Eiffel Tower.
"After taking a fresh supply of petro
leum he made off toward the Eiffel Tower
and reached it, a distance of five kilomet
ers, in ten minutes. "While over the
Champ3 de Mars a slight accident to his
rudder compelled M. Santcs-Dumont to
come down In Trocadero Gardens. A tall
ladder was very obligingly brought by
some workmen and M. Santos-Dumont
climbed up It to repair the defective part.
When this had been done he started off
again, swept ; completely round the Eiffel
Tower and came back at a breakneck
speed to the tribunes on the Longchamps
racecourse, in order to reassure his
friends, who were jalarmed at his ; long
disappearance. '
SAN FRANCISCO, -SATURDAY, eTUXY ' 13, 1901.
VOLUME XC— NO. 43.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CITY ASSUMES ITS HOLIDAY ATTIRE TO WELCOME HOST OF LEAGUERS
The limits of the European station are
Port Said at the entrance of the Red Sea
on the east, and a line running north and
tain as senior officer, and opens up
another flag command, which will not be
filled for the present unless affairs in Ar
pentina demand the presence of a
Ftronger squadron and a higher ranking
officer.
nonth, and there be Joined by the Manila
•ontinger.L His departure leaves but two
cssels on the South Atlantic, with a cap-
Admiral Cromwell left Rio last Monday,
nd sailing across to Gibraltar he will as
iime command the latter part of this
The station has been unrepresented by
vessels of the American navy since just
previous to the stirring days of the Span
ish war, when the flagship San Francisco
and two smaller vessels -under Admiral
Belfridge were hurried out of the Medi
terranean in order, to prevent being- bot
tied up by the istrong ships sailing later
under Admiral Cervera.
south through the Atlantic from the
southernmost point of Greenland to Para
on the north coast of Brazil, and thence
eastward. This includes the Azof es^ and
all of the waters of Europe and North
Africa.
ALL BUREAU. 140« O STREET,
(I N. W.. WASHINGTON. July 11—
(I . Formal orders were recently ls-
sued by the Navy Department for
the re-establishment of the Euro
pean station, with headquarters at Ville
franche, France. For the present the new
station is to be commanded by Rear Ad
miral Cromwell, who succeeded Admiral
Schley on the latter's detachment last
spring. -The fleet comprises his flagship
Chicago and the cruisers Albany and
Nashville, now en route home from Ma
nila. These latter ships will be stopped
In the Mediterranean and held there pend
ing Admiral Cromwell's arrival on the
station.
Continued from Page One.
Pythians Issuo a Statement.
CHICAGO. July 12.— Under a resolution
adopted by the Supreme Lodge of Knights
of Pythias directing the supreme chancel
lor, supreme vice chancellor and the pres
ident of the board of control of the en
dowment rank to prepare an address to
the members, an address has been issued
reciting the proceedings of the special
convention of the Supreme Lodge, which
has Just been held in this city. The ad
dress covers substantially the .same facts
that were telegraphed" last night. The
official figures of the result of the exam
ination by the insurance department of
Illinois and Connecticut, as. given In the
address, show that on June 1. 1901. the
gross assets upon the books were $625,2C0,
of which the sum of $290,383 was not ad
mitted, leaving nef assets of $334.S56. The
actual liabilities for the same date were
$560,143, thus leaving a deficiency of $220,
2S7.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., July 12.— X. A.
Copeland. formerly teller in a Omaha
bank, to-night shot and killed A. C. Rog
ers, a fellow passenger. The killing took
place\ on Union Pacific train No. 6 near
Wamsutter. Copeland is insane and came
near murdering Brakeman Schamp be-"^
fore being subdued. Rogers died In less
than an hour. There were three bullets
in his body.
Copeland's story is that he and Rogers
were en route east from San Francisco.
Copeland says that before leaving Cali
fornia he was hypnotized by Rogers and
it was to break this spell that he killed
his companion. Copeland is in jail at
Rav/llns and the body of the dead man
was left there. Rogers* home is believed
to be in South St. Joseph, Mo.
KILLS A PASSENGER -
ON TTtATN IN" WYOMING
Former iBank Teller Says He Was
Hypnotized and Had to Com
mit Murder.
NEW YORK, July 12.— There was a
scene of great excitement in both the
wheat and corn markets to-day, the trade
aggregating one of the largest day's to
tals in a year or more. Prices jumped
2% cents during the day in corn, making
(% cents advance for the week. Orders
poured into the market so fast that
brokers could scarcely execute them at the
prices desired, and the usually small
crowd around the corn ring was increased
to such an extent that at times it almost
rivaled that in the wheat pit. .
The farmers have taken the bull side
into their hands and in the face of heavy
realizing on the part of the professionals
have kept prices going- until the cry is for
60*cent corn in Chicago. Where the pres
ent bull movement will end depends a
great deal on weather conditions in the
leading corn States.
• Wheat also took on an extraordinary
Jump to-day, and from being an option
almost entirely friendless at once leaped
to popularity with the bulls and gave
corn a close race fnr leadership In the
matter of advance for the day. Prices at
New York closed 2^'&2%c higher than the
previous night and practically at the top-
Professionals were caught on this bulge
In wheat and some of them lost about all
the money they had made through selling
long corn to the bull public.
For weeks and months wheat has per
sistently been hammered by everybody
on the idea that the crop would be a rec
ord one and more than enough to make
up the foreign shortage. The result has
been a huge short interest, part of which,
was caught in yesterday's big advance.
The remainder is in a state of anxiety as
to what the outcome will be, realizing
that a much greater upturn must mean
the covering of a big line of wheat. To
day the bulls were still further encour
aged by reports that wheat in the Re«l
River Valley was being injured by exces
sive heat after the recent wet weather.
The market showed signs in the after
noon of being- oversold and the bears
bought to cover with some urgency. The
forecasts of a favorable bank statement
to-morrow helped to rally the market. Tha
recoveries ran from 2 to 2% In the prin
cipal active stocks, Wabash preferred anil
Rock Island leading. The market was un
steady at the advance and kept sagging,
but there were no recurrences, of the
acute weakness.
The bond market was weak In sympathy
with stocks.
Brokers Busy in New
Abundance of Orders Keep
York.
kets the Scenes of
Excitement.
PRICES JUMP
IN THE EAST
Wheat and Corn Mar-
The only; route \ having through Bleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis' daily, -Stop-overs allowed: at -Salt
Lake City, For- full information ask. L.
M. Fletcher, 126 California street, \ ?
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
NEW YORK, July 12.— Edward H. Mar
tin, formerly a lieutenant in. the United
States army, -who pleaded guilty a few
days ago to a charge of passing -worth
less checks, was sentenced to-day by-Re
corder Goff to one year In the peniten
tiary. . "
Former Venezuela President Arrives.
_9l»fcJTJAN DE PORTO RICO. July 12.—
General Andrade, the former President, of
Venezuela, arrived here yesterday evening
on the steamer Ponce, from New York
July 6. He was registered on the passen
ger list a3 "J. Tionez."
Officer Goes f to Prison.
. SACRAMENTO," :. July '.' 12.— Superior
Judge /Shields to-day overruled the de
fendant's demurrer in the case of the San
Francisco.; Law and "Collection Company
against the State. This Is a suit on the
old coyote scalp claims. '
Overrules State's Demurrer.
TELLURIDE, ; Colo.. July 12.— The Cor
oner's jury summon'ed for the purpose "of
inquiring into the cause of the death of
three men killed In the attack on- the
Smuggler-Union mine on July 3 returned
a verdict to-day 'that death resulted from
gunshot^ wounds inflicted by persons un
known. : ; . . . .
Killed by "Persons Unknown."
TOPEKA, Kas., July .12.— The Santa Fe
Railroad has decided to; use "oil -for fuel
in Its locomotives ns early a.a- possible.
The Beaumont- product will be eiven a
trial. A number of' locomotives were»'
turned out of the -shops here to-day,
which will run on the main line of the
road, and .burn oil.. The Santa Fe has 135
oil-burning engines on Its lines in South
ern California.
Oil for tho Locomotives.
"BOSTON, July 12.— Breaking i ecorda
from forty minutes to two. hours, inclu
sive, Jimmy Moran won the golden. wheel
six-day race at Charles River Park to
night, -scoring in the two hours 'of riding
the hitherto untouched distance of seven
ty-four miles 1172 yards, j Every man in
the race 'broke the record of last year's
golden wheel race. The score: Moran, 418
miles 1040 yards; Stinson. 411 miles 452
yards: Champion. 400 miles 45 yards; Mal
son, 393 miles 1655 yards.: -' .
Break Records in Races.
the battle of the Boyne is being marked
by collisions, but no- serious trouble has
occurred,': there .being plenty of soldiers
and. police to control the factions. ¦
Battle . of Boyne Celebrated.
BELFAST,- July 12.— The celebration of
ing discontent of . the Poles in Eastern
Prussia," says the Berlin correspondent
of the Daily Chronicle, "has arrested
sixty leaders of -anti-German 'societies.
The agitation has toeen Intensified by an
edict of the educational authorities forbid
ding Polish clergymen to give religious
instruction in the national schools in the
Polish language." ' .: .
. ¦¦- ¦ ... -.¦ • • •
Baldwin Nearly Ready to Sail.
TROMSOE, Norway, July 12.— The Bald
wln-Zelgler Arctic • expedition will sail
Tuesday, July 16. Baldwin, accompanied
by Otis and W. Schamp, who have charge
of ¦ the equipment, will go on board • the
chartered ship Frith.iof to Vardoo, where
he-will purchase Arctic necessities. From
that point he will proceed to a email town
near Archangel to get his horses and
dogs. ,; •- . . ¦-¦¦;* _¦ ¦¦ '-- - ¦
Agitators Arrested in Prussia.
LONDON, July 13.— "The Prussian Gov
ernment, in order, to suppress the grow-
RIO JANEIRO, July 12.— The Brazilian
Chamber of Deputies to-day received the
report of the special commission appoint
ed to consider the case of Rear Admiral
Hello, who was arrepted last April on a
charge of monarchlal plotting and who
then appealed to the Chamber. The re
port declares that the accusations against
the officer are without foundation, and It
Is considered ' certain that the Chamber
will unanimously confirm the committee s
conclusion to-morro-w.
May . Acquit Brazilian Admiral.
May Feast on Prunes.
SAN JOSE, July 12.— The Cured Fruit
Association has arrangedto make a mag
nificent display of prunes at Mechanics'
Pavilion during the Bpworth League con
vention. The colored woman who cooked
for Mrs.'McKinley during the latter's Ill
ness in San Francisco has been engaged
and will cook, prunes [after approved re
cipes, which will be 'distributed to vis
itors. " Samples of uncooked fruit and
prune literature will be given away. Di
rector "W. P. Cragin will superintend the
exhibit and demonstrations.
from the Oklahoma registration show that
the crowds In that country- had digested
thoroughly the President's proclamation
and realized that there was no chance for
speculators, intruders, trespassers, gam
blers, etc. •¦-.-.¦ -.<•.-. -v -.¦-;: ; '-'¦¦;
."The people," said the Secretary; "real
ize that . the lands are .being opened in
good faith to everybody legally qualified,
and that what is given them is not trans
ferable."- - i
Following Is the telegraphic report re
ceived at the Interior Department to-day
from Assistant Commissioner Richards at
El Reno, dated last night:- > ».-'
. "Registered here to-day 6500; at Sill yes
terday about 1100. Everything: is movinpr
smoothly at both places. The ¦ crowd
thinned so much that we will only work
from 9 until 4 o'clock to-morrow unless a
great number come>ln."
NO CHANCE IS GIVEN
TO THE SPECULATORS
Reports From Oklahoma Indicate
Tliat Registration for Land Is
• Progressing Quietly.
WASHINGTON, July 12.-Secretary
Hitchcock said to-day that the ' reports
Call yesterday -was rendered. The singers
were* in excellent spirits, and the various
choruses were feung with a fervor that
promised much for the grand concert next
Tuesdav evening. Many of the more dif
ficult numbers were tried several times,
until a fair degree of perfection was at
tained. The rehearsal vas most satis
factory to the directors. The choruses
rehearsed were as follows:
"The Heavens Are Telling:." Robert Husband,
director; •'Gloria," from 'Twelfth Mass." J.
M. Itobinsr.n. director: "Thanks Be to God."
Isaac C. Blake, director; "Be Not Afraid." J.
J. Morris, director; "By Babylon's Wave." TV.
<". Stadtfeld. director: "Worthy Is the Lamb,"
Fred TV. Bacon, director; 'Hallelujah." Robert
Husband, director. _ r
Some difficulty was experienced in se
curing perfect harmony between the or
pan and the voices. This was due to the
fact that the organ is removed about
eighty feet from the console, 'thereby
causing a slight Iofs of time in the trans
mission of sound from the great instru
ment. This will be overcome after an
other rehearsal by the organist, who will
anticipate the director sufficiently to make
up the discrepancy in time, amounting to
about one-twentieth of a second. The or
ganist last night was W. B. King of Oak
land.
Another rehearsal will be held Monday
evening, and the final one on Tuesday aft
ernoon. At that .time the <50 choristers
from Los Angeles and other cities in the
f outhern part of the State will be present
The entire chorus numbers 1500 voices.
This is the largest ever heard In this city.
»ind exceeds that of the Christian En
deavor convention by nearly 150.
Special Invitations Issued.
The general committee Issued special in
vitations last nrght to citizens prominent
In military, business and civil life to oc
cupy seats upon the platform on the oc
casion of the league convention next
Thursday afternoon. Those to whom invi
tations were sent are:
Major General S. M. B. Young:, command
p.nt at the PresMlo; David Starr Jordan, presi
dent of the Leland Stanford Jr. University;
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president of the State
¦University; Eli McClish. president of the Uni
versity of the Pacific: Archbishop P. W. Rior
<lan; Bishop W. ¥". Xichole: George A. New
hall, president of the Chamber of Commerce;
Mrs. Mary \V. KIncaid, president of the Board
of Education: Frank J. Symmes, representing
the Merchants' Association; Supreme Justice
W. H. Beatty; A. Sbarboro. president of the
"Manufacturers' and Producers" Association;
J'-abbi Jacob VoorsanR-er; Paris Kilburn. presi
dent of the State Harbor Commission, and
Chinese Consul General Ho Tow./*
Hew Subscriptions Received.
The subscriptions . to the Bpworth
league fund yesterday aggregated $2*05.
Gwelling the total to date to 518,035. The
finance committee is hard at work in an
endeavor to make tie total $25,000 before
Tuesday, which sum Is actually required
In order to make the entertainment of the
Jeaguers an unqualified success. Yester
day's subscriptions were as follows:
San Francisco anfl Alameda Epworth Leigue
Tnlon (second donation). J2000; Western Meat
Company, $50; Crocker Estate, Inc.. $50; Ren
ton, Holmes & Co.. $50; Goodyear Rubber Com
pany. $25; California Paint Company, $2);
Thomas Jennings. $10; R. C. Atkins. $10: Hook
er & Co.. $10; George F. Eberhard, $10; DeLano
Uros.; $10; C. R. Allen. $10; A. L. H^ttrlck &
Co., $10; J. L. Lewis & Co.. $1"; Brown &
Adams. $10: A. B. Patrick & Co.. $10; Wagner
Leather' Company. $10; Brovrn & Power, $10;
Madison, Bruce & Sellers, $10; San Francisco
Nrws Company. $10; Gutte & Frank, $10; Scot
tish Mutual and Nat tonal Insurance Company,
flO; Christenden. Edwards & Goodwin. $10;
Connecticut Insurance Compnay. $10: J M
Peck. $1«: W. H. Lowden. $10; Edward Brown
& Fon. $10; Gordon & Frazer, $10; cash $10;
S. Hutchison, $10; William Taaffe & Co.' $10-
Albert Wolf, $10; Doyle. Lacoste & Co., $10;
J. G. .Johnston. J]0; O'Brien & Spotorns $10;
Clayburg- & Georg-e, $10; No Percentage
I>ruir Ftore. $10; Otis. McAllister & Co.. $10;
r>»vld' Schonwarser, $10; G. Salles Company,
Jlfi; Merchants' Ice end Storage Company. $10;
Gruenhagen * Co., $10; Goetren & M»tson, $10*
Erianper & Galenjrer, $10: Pacific Micro Ma
terials Company, $10; caeh. $10; Kaufmann's,
J1P: Kaet & Co., $10: Kohler A Chase. $10r"L.
I>benbaum & Co.. $10; W. F. Barstow, $10;
Hirsrh & Kaiser. $1C; E. G. Dennison, $5: Mar
tin Fennsin Company. $5; F. G. Ginn. $3; H.
H. HJul. $7: Julius Kahn, $3: G. R. Lucy. $5;
John Partrldg-'N $5; Presbyterian Board of Pub
lication. $3: Charles F. Thurback. $5: Witzel
& Baker. $3; J. Btallman, $5; U. S. Gage. $3;
Vnion Pulp anfl Paper Company. $5; John
Kitchen Jr.. $5; 11. C. Harris. $5: Daniel Kc-
J>od & Co., $3; R.H. Webster. $5; Tatom &
-nom-ea. *5: 6earl<»« * McLlnton. $5: H. HIlp.
$3; Abe Isaac*. $3; San Francisco Deadhouse,
fc: K. Meusdorffer & Co.. $5; Carron & Green,
$5; F. C. Judklns. $5: A. Zellerbach & Sons, $3;
A. Flelshacker & Co.. $5; J. B. Stevens. $5;
J. Bermingbam. $5; U. A. Smith. $5; Henry A.
Arnold. $5; Ensign & McGuffllck. $5; Henry U.
Brandensteln, $5; John Farnham. $5: G. Orsl.
$5; Skinner & Co.. $5; Wiley B. Allen Com
pany, 15; Louis E. Spear & Co., $5; Waterhouse
& Price. $5; Fred H. Fink & Co.. *5; George
H. Tyson. $5: Katz & Sons, Jo: Lyon & Hoag,
to; Lundberg & Lee, $5; Paul Keyser/ $5; Peter
Bacigalupl. $5; San Francisco Shoe Company,
$5; California Casket Company, $5: Wiester &
Co.. $5; Frank T. Osborn, $5: total. $2905: pre
viously reported. $13,130. Grand total, $18,035.
Appeal for Funds.
The following -appeal has. been Issued
from the headquarters of the Epworth
League: 1
It lsra keen disappointment to the -committee
in charge of the convention of the Epworth
League that the details of finance have drag
ged until our- visitors. are'. actually here. But
a few days remain before the opening 1 'of the :
convention, and the funds necessary for prop
erly carrying: It on are not yet on hand. ¦ As
yet but — ¦ has been subscribed. :. ¦
The expenses of the convention already or
dered are as follows: Halls. $7300: badges.
12500; programme, $8000: decoration, $4500:
printing and v promotion, $5000; sundries, $2500;
total, S30.000.
The «pmmlttee has never doubted the willing
ness of the. city to finance the convention, and
now that.lts proportions exceed all expectations
and give promise to make it the greatest gath
ering in 'point of .r.nmbers ever - held, in San
Francisco, we are assured that our people of
the city will come to our relief. But this must
w noneat once. - - -
We earnestly request, therefore, that those
who have not contributed to the fund should do
bo at once, and send their .contribution by
check or otherwise to the finance committee at
the Mechanics' Pavilion. Checks should be
made payable to I. J. Truman, treasurer.
I. J. TRTJMAK. Treasurer.
THOS. FILBEN. *i
Chairman General Committee. .
\. ROLLA V. WATT,
Chairman Advleorv Committee. ;
W. de L. KIXGSBURT.
Chairman Financial Aid.
Raisins for the • Leaguers.
FRESNO, July 12.— Ten thousand one
quarter pound cartons of raisins . have
been sent to San Francisco for distribu
tion among the Epworth Leaguers at. the
convention next week. Local leaguers will
meet the trains here on Monday, and
Tuesday and supply the Easterners with
fresh fruit. . _ - • : •
DR. BUCKLEY ON CALIFORNIA.
Eminent Christian Teacher Talks In-
terestingly of a Former Visit.
"I have not been interviewed for thirty
eight years and I must decline to be in
terviewed now," -said L>r. -J. M. Buckley,
editor of the New York Christian Advo
cate, to a representative of The Call last
night. "Why?" "Well, that is a Ion?
story- I got Into some controversy long
ago by being interviewed. It was not the
fault of the interviewer nor xny. fault. It
was because what I had said was reptrb
lished elsewhere with the questions elimi
nated, giving my language an entirely dif
erent construction." •• - • '-
And then Dr.' Buckley, reassured upon
the point, that he would be tempted into
no religious controversy, talked niost en
tertainingly of matters and things.
"I was in California years ago," he said,
"as a traveler for my health. They' told
me then that there was nothing to be
seen in Southern California save a quaint
old Spanish town at Santa Barbara, and
eo I did not go south then. I came through
the south this time, and I assure you
there is much to be seen. It Is a great and
beautiful country. Of course, you know
all that.
"San Francisco has changed, of course.
In the years. I do not know how much.
I only arrived to-night. But there were
only some 75,000 people here when I v:as
here. It is a great city now, and I intend
to see it all. • • ••;-,¦•'.
"I will be here, I think, until the 27th of
the month. I am here, as you know, with
the Epworth League, and I am bdokod
for one lecture in Oakland on' Monday
night and for two at Pacific Grove later.
There Is a Chautauqua there. You do not
know, do you, the subject on which I am
to speak at Oakland? I wish you did.
Some letters that should have reached me
have evidently been lost, and I am to
spea& without notes. I am rather at a
loss. ¦;¦:•;. ¦ • \
"I had a somewhat peculiar experience,
by the way, on my way out here. I
stopped at Williams— in Arizona, you
know— on the way out here, and visited
the Grand Canyon from there. The hotel
keeper pledged himself to take care of my
trunk. He did, too. for although half the
town was burned in my absence, he saved
my trunk and In it many valuable manu
scripts sent to my paper for considera
tion." . .
Dr. Buckley vlslted*Tosemlte and the
big trees when he was on the coast thir
ty-one years ago, and twenty-nine years
ago published "Two Weeks in Yosemltc,"
one of the earliest. works printed on the
wonderful valley.
"And a fellow that published a guide
book that had great vogue,"- said Dr.
Buckley, plaintively, "stole nearly the
whole of It. But I did not mind. He said
In his book that It was stolen."
- Dr. Buckley's book Is still' In print and
still. finds sal-*. /¦
Residents of \ Eastern
Cities Swelter in
the Heat. ; •*
B: — • — V:'j':"T:
KANSAS CITY. July 12.— This was the
hottest 'day ever experienced In South
western Missouri. In Kansas City for
four hours this afternoon the Government
thermometer registered 103, while the
mercury on the street In the downtown
districts soared to 108 and. 110. .
Last night was one of the worst nights
of which Kansas City people have recol
lection. Hardly a breath of air has stir
red here for the past twenty-four hours'
and great suffering has resulted, espe
cially among the poor along the river bot
toms. Five prostrations were reported in
Kansas City, none so far fatal.
. At Joplln 105 degrees was reported. Pav
ing contractors found it difficult to keep
their men at work, and men and horses
at many of the zinc mines were compelled
to quit at 2 o'clock. But one rain has vis
ited Joplin-and the surrounding .country
since May and several. mining plants are
, on the verge of shutting down because
of the scarcity of water. *.
¦r At Springfield 104 was . recorded, — the
highest in the history of the signal ser
vice there, and four prostrations were re
ported. .;¦•¦-'
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., July 12.— This
was the hottest day yet experienced in
this city, the- thermometer registering 100
at 10:30 to-night. Mrs. Mary Miller was
found dead In her door-way, the result of
excessive heat. At Linwood, in the south
ern part of the county, a man working on
the railroad bridge was overcome by the
heat and fell co the ground, killing him
self. • ¦ '
Warm Wave Strikes Kansas.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 12.— All records
for heat in the thirty-four years' observa
tions which have been kept by Chancellor
Snow of the University of Kansas were 1
broken to-day, the mercury reaching a
maximum average for the 1 State of 105.5'
degrees. In Fort Scott the mercury reg
istered 110 degrees. The heat was accom
panied by a light-breeze, from the south,
which came as a breath from a furnace,
blasting and withering vegetation of all
kinds. ' - ' - ¦:-¦ '¦ "' -'. ' . .
ST. JOSEPH, ; Mo., t July 12.— This was
tho hottest day of. the, summer here. At
10 o'clock it was 94 degrees, the highest
point reached at that hour this season.
ST. LOUIS, July 12.— According' to the
"Weather Bureau officials there is no re
lief from the' Intense heat In sight At
noon the Government thermometer reg
istered 96 degrees in the shade, and is
still rising. In. parts' of Missouri and
Western Illinois, where the crops are be
ing literally burned by a temperature
that during the past two days ranged as
high as 110 in the shade, records of thirty
years have been broken. At 2 p. m. the
mercury had reached the 100 mark.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 12.— The ther
mometer fell rapidly last night from yes
terday's record of 103, and at :9; o'clock
this "morning stood at SO degrees, with a
pleasant breeze. - - • . .
OMAHA, Neb., July 12.— The heat to
day has been intense. The thermometer
reached 104 and ranged from 100 to 107
throughout the State. The street ther
mometers In this city" were as high as
110 during the day. Hardly a breath of
air stirrad. ,
LONDON, July 13.— Violent thunder-
Btorms and tropical rains In various parts
of Great Britain last night moderated the
fervent heat. In Brussels, however, the
thermometer registered 107 degrees In the
shade and several .heat fatalities oc
curred. The weather continues very hot
In France, the temperature yesterday be
infl 9114. Twelve deaths from heat were
officially reported In the French capital.
SOL SHATTERS
GREAT RECORDS
NAVAL, OFFICER WHO IS IN
COMMAND OF THE EURO
PEAN STATION. ' -
there was no- intention to call off the
general strike.
. BALTIMORE, July 12.— About 200 ma
chinists decided to-day to give up the
fight for a nine-hour working day and to
apply for reinstatement in the shops of
the Maryland Steel Company, on Mon
day, at the old terms. This brings the
machinists' strike to an end in this city.
About 1200 men employed in various shop3
laid down their tools, and the majority
of them were granted their demands.
PITTSBURG, July 12.— The second day
of the conference between the Amalga
mated Association of. Iron, Steel and Tin
Workers and the steel manufacturers
came to a close to-night without an agree
ment having been reached. Another ses
sion will be held to-morrow and from in
dications late to-night a settlement of the
general. strike will be decided upon. When
the conference adjourned all of the con
ferees were appealed to for Information as
to the status of affairs, but nothing de
finite could be learned. Late to-night,
however. President Shaffer of the Amal
gamated Association consented to . be
quoted in the following statement:
Nothing actually was accomplished to-day.
No proposition was submitted by either side
to the controversy. No time has been set on
the conferen- 1. but it must come to an end.
To-morrow n-»:«l settle it one way or another.
If no agreement is reached, the general strike
which was set for last Monday will proceed.
I am still hoping for a settlement.
When asked if in the. event of a strike it
would involve all the plants of the United
States Steel corporation, Shaffer replied
that every union man in every plant in
any way connected with the steel corpa?
ration would be called out. A genera!
strike, if ordered, would include the union
workers in the Federal Steel Company,
the National Steel Company, the Ameri
can Tin Plate Company, the American
Sheet Steel Company, the National Tube
Company and the American Steel Hoop
Company; and all union members in non
union or open mills, aggregating about
60.000 men, would be affected.
It Is believed by conservative steel men
that a compromise will be reached to-mor
row and a strike averted. President Shaf
fer himself, while not stating that he is
prepared to Initiate a compromise, inti
mated that should one come . from the
other side he would gladly meet It half
way and concede anything not cpmpro
mlslng his people. Judge E. H. Gary,
chairman of the steel combine executive
committee, was in the city all day, prac
tically incognito. He dld«not take part in
the conference directly nor did he take
part in. the meeting; but it is learned on
nigh authority to-night that he was nv.
far away from the meeting and was cog
nizant of everything: that transpired.
Without making public In any way the
purpose of his visit here, he left for Chi
cago to-night on the Pennsylvania lim
ited.
That Is a thing that is frequently necessary
for a commanding officer to do. The time was
not ripe for the Issuing of such a proclamation.
The facts which General MacArthur advanced
in support of his recommendation had already
become matters of consideration with me. At
that time we controlled only a small part of
the' islands.- and had no adequate means of
making such a proclamation . known . to the
natives who were . not under our. immediate
control. . '::¦¦. ¦-•. . ¦> ' ¦
There was no friction between General Mac-
Arthur and myself when I was In command in
the Philippines. General MacArthur was a sub
ordinate officer, and how could there be any
friction between a subordinate officer and his
sunerlor?
General MacArthur once recommended that I
issue a proclamation of amnesty to all who
surrendered and a declaration that any one
who should kill an American soldier thereafter
.would be considered a murderer. I declined to
act on that recommendation. buK don't remem
ber my exact words. I might nave told him
that no further advice on this subject was de
sired by the commanding general.
CHICAGO. July 12.— When asked con
cerning the alleged friction between hlm
fcelf and General MacArthur, General
Otis said to-day: •
Declares That He Did
Not Have 'Trouble
"With MacArthur.
FRICTION STORY
DENIED BY OTIS
Already about C00 men. have applied for
reinstatement, and many more will do so
to-morrow and Monday.- No official state
.ment has been made by the leaders of the
strikers, and they all refuse to be quoted,
saying that they do not care to do any
thing that might affect the injunction
proceedings agnlnst them, set for hearing
July 15. It is said that the decision to re
turn to work was not unanimous and that
some men -will still hold out.
A meeting of the shop commltteemen of
striking machinists from the various con
cerns affected was held In Workingmen's
Hall to-night. At the conclusion of the
,meeting a statement was given out em
phatically denying the report that the
strike had been called off. It is learned
that while.lt was left discretionary with
the men In a number of shops to return
without any odium being involved as de
serting . the strike, several firms were
picked out on which the fight Is ! to be
prosecuted. «The men hvthese shops have
pledged to remain out, and those who re
turn will support them., Should . any or
these shops attempt to transfer their
work it.ov those in which' the men return
the' men'have agreed to refuse to handle
' 'The various shops were visited during
the day by committees of their respective
employes, who made requests for. the
terms under which they would allow them
to v return to work. There were approxi
mately 3500 machinists involved In; the
strike here, and of these the strikers say
about 10 per cent, have already returned.
Those shops affected by the decision of
the union to continue the fight employ
about 1100 men.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— At the head
quarters of the International Association
of Machinists, here President O'C6nneil
admitted that tho collapse of the strike
at Cincinnati was likely to have consid
erable effect on the general strike, as
Cincinnati has been regarded as the cen
ter of th'e fighting, but reiterated that
CINCINNATI, July 12.— The machinists'
strike, which was organized on May 20
and which involved several thousand em
ployes . in this city, has practically been
declared off. A secret mass-meeting of
strikers was held to-day, at which, a
formal report was made that it had been
found impossible to procure assistance in
money from tho headquarters _ In Wash
ington,-as the strike benefit fund is ex
hausted, and the strikers were advised to
return to work.
member of his family to be President of
Chile, as his father held similar office
from 1S71 to 1875.
STRIKE OF THE flACHINISTS
COLLAPSES IN EASTERN CITIES
Employes of Corporations Decide to Abandon the
Fight and Return to Work/
' ' t . - . ¦ • »'
l>r. Frederico Erraztiriz y Echaurren,
President of the -Republic of Chile, was
born at Santiago in 1850. He studied for
the law and took his degree in 1S73, but
having little taste for the legal profession,
and possessing large estates, he devoted
his attention principally to improvements
in agriculture. In 1876 he was elected
Deputy to Congress for the Department of
Constitution,, and, being elected in 1879,
continued to represent that department
until 1SS9, when he was chosen as Senator
for the Province of. Maule. Eleven year3
ago, when the conflict, between- the late"
President Balmaceda and the Cdfcress.as
sumed alarming proportions.. Senbr Bel
isarlo Prats was summoned by "the Presi
dent to organize a Ministry, and to Erra-*
zurlz was confided- the" difficult and un
grateful post of Minister of "War. In this
capacity he displayed remarkable tact
and energy.
-In 1S91 Senor Prats' Ministry resigned,
and when the revolution broke out soon
afterward 'Errazuriz at once declared him
self on the side of the ¦ revolutionary
party. When the contest ended in favor
of Congress, he took the foremost part In
'proclaiming the necessity of a policy of
"forget and forgive." His election ! as
President- in June, 1896. proved popular
with all .classes of Chileans, and his
watchword of ."Peace and Progress" met
with general respect. He was the second
BUENOS AYRES, July 12.— Senor
Frederico Errazuriz. President of
Chile, /who has been In feeble,
health for more than a year, is
dead.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 12.— No rain
fell to-day - in any part of the drought
stricken district, consisting of all of Kan
sas, Western Missouri, Oklahoma* arid In
dian Territory. Over much of this
region this waa the worst day of the long
hot -spell, the< temperature more
than ICO degrees and ; no breeze Stirring.
Corn, oats, hay and, potatoes are so badly
injured that even with rain this yield
would be. short, and as the -Weather Bu
reau gives no hope, of relief, the outlook
is discouraging. At some places in Kan
sas there has been no rainfall whatever
for nearly:' three months. The present 13
the worst drought since .1860, when New
England sent food to the settlers of, Kan
sas. However,' the past few .years have
been' very prosperous ones, and even now
the Kansas farmers are harvesting one of
the largest crops of wheat in the history
of the btat-3. ; Agreat many countle3 send
word that with rain corn will be a half
crop; without rain soon, no yield. A few
say there is yet hope for a fair harvest.
High Price for Hay. -
Hay sold tnis morning for $20 a ton, the
highest price ever.reacn.ed in this, market.
Receipts were very small and most qf the
hay which came in was sold some time
ago in the country before the drought be
came too serious. Hay is so high here that
it can be shipped in from Minnesota "or
Ohio or almost any State in the. country,
that has a crop. Kansas and Missouri,
which usually furnish as much hay as
any three Eastern States and at this time
of the year are usually shipping tralnloads
of hay to other points, .are -buying hay
this year. In numerous places there, is.
no pasturage and owners of cattle are
shipping hay to their farms.' Alfalfa has
yielded well everywhere and will be the
salvation of many farmers. ' .• • : •
For the past five days 110,000 hogs have
been received at the stock yards, break
ing-all records. These heavy ; shipments
are due to thescarcity.of corn. ¦¦ • ,
j A Topeka special says: A careful per
usal of crop reports from all parts of the
State -indicates that. Kansas will not raise
more "than 50,000,000 bushels of corn this
year. The crop will thus be less than a
third of last year's yjeld and less than a
fifth of lS99's. The^jTte corn is all that will
yield anything, the early product being
given up mere than two weeks: ago.' The
fact that there has been no good rain for
three months , has retarded the late corn;
• Corn Crop- a - Failure. > •¦-¦
: Opinions and. reports differ as to the ex
tent of the damage to corn. Secretary
Coburn of the State Board of Agriculture
admits that the crop is practically a fail
ure. While'corn" has failed, alfalfa has
given an abundant yield.- • "
Wheat V. is nearly; allTiii the "stack/," '/As'
many, as '20,006 acres of wheat in thestack
have -been 'burned \ during '..the . ; last -twu
weeks. \l?he firfs: start from the, slightest
cause£,*s6 intensely- jjlryjs everything, ahd
wheniUhey-'aFe^once-'started there is no,
water on.- hand -with which. to fight them.'
A Trees ?are rshowlng-: the- effects of -the
.drought.- -Leaves- are . falling like late -in
the summer.. Half grown fruit is/dying
and dropping from the trees. /
¦~ Kansas is stricken with a drought worse
than any since I860. Queerly enough, the
usual order of things has been reversed
this . time and the western part of ' the
State is in a much more' favorable condi
tion tnan the hitherto favored eastern
part. ..- *
Dry Spell.tHe Worst Experi
enced Since" the Famine
":';'; / Of 1860. .
•< i - ?- ' : ..
Without Rain Cereals and Staple
Vegetables WillBa a Total Fail
- ¦ ure in' the Stricken • ..-.
: District.
Heat Threatens Crops
Throughout Middle
West.
GREAT RUIN
IS WROUGHT
BY DROUGHT
THE SAN FRpfCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, JULY 13; 1901.
Death of Frecterico Errazuriz, the Popular
South American Statesman.
PRESIDENT OF CHILES
CALLED TO FINAL REST
Sam's Warships in European Waters.
Rear Admiral J. B. Cromwell in Command of Uncle
SCHLEY'S SUCCESSOR SAILS
FOR RE=ESTABLISHED STATION
THE LATE FREDERICK) ERRA
ZURIZ Y ECHAURREN, PRES
IDENT OF CHILE.
2
Eczema
How It reddens the skin, itches, oozes,
dries and scales 1-
. Some people call it tetter, milk crust or
salt Tbeum. , .
The Buffering from it is sometimes In-
tense; local- applications are resorted to—
they mitigate, but cannot cure. ¦
It proceeds from humors inherited or ac-
quired and persists until these have been
removed. /
Hood's Sarsaparilla
positively removes them,- has • radically
and permanently cured the worst cases, and
is without an equal for ail cutaneous
eruptions. ¦ • • ,- ¦ • '
0: »«. ,.
REGAL SHOES are absolatelj correct in style, ]
The onlv difference between Regal etyles and the styl<»s made by the
Mehe?t-priced metropolitan custom bootmakers Is a difference of soma
$8 SO in price-. There la no difference -whatever tn pattern or shape.
Only in Resal Shoes can the really correct stvles be obtained mt S3 BO
r«r pair The reason ts because Reeals come directly from th© TAN-
NERY TO THE CONSUMER, thus eliminating all unnecessary handling.
This method places Regal styles on the market several molUS*-T5efore tha
Fame styles can be obtained in other makes of shoes. No other store on
the coast sells shoes by the tlme-savlnjr. economical Regal method.
Examine the shoes worn by people who pay $13 or $15 for custom-mad* >
Tou will find exact duplicates In our store at $3 BO.
THE ONLY STORE WEST OF THE MISSOURI SELLING HIRECT
FROM TANNERY TO CONSUMES/
MEN'S 6HOES ONLY. „_
Cor. Geapy and Stockton Sts* V^r^ _ «lj^-»w
¦Women's Re*al Shoes ar» made tn all tha >7 I J ,r^»rSy'/^^?^A^K*
popular styles, both dainty and // \ k "QW T W 1 j/^^}Sx)^ i
mannish. The same reasons which ft \ «t\tix3i'A/i/tt>**l*V *L
(account for the superiority of Men's // -, ym^^^Vle^jMi iWL.
Regal Shoes apply equally well to / /^InmW^J/j^^ J^V^
the Women 1 s styles. Women's Re- / //MVi^RvVX^^^sCM^T^
fral Shoes are obtainable through / t\$}^rf¥^\v3t*/g52*VP r lrx$*wl
the Mail Order Department. Art- / lilTf V )^>2Ke\ ** TMft W*T
dress U C. Bliss & Co.. Manu- / «fl If ' _5t^«\ *£* MUMS
facturers. 103 Summer street, Bos- J{W\K itffiiMw^iZdfe'
¦ — — — ¦ "v " * vywill be as follows: The procession will
6tart at 8:30 sharp from California Hall.
620 Bush street, march down Bush to
Grant avenue to O'Parrell, to Stockton,
Ellis, Powell, Market, Sixth; counter
march on Market and Sixth, down Market
to Third, down Third to Mission; counter
march at Third and Mission, up Third to
Market, to Kearny. to Bush; counter
march on Kearny and Bush, up Bush to
the hail. A halt of a few minutes will be
made in front of the newspaper offices on
the line of march, in the order in which
they will be passed. J
A platoon of mounted police will head
the procession, followed by Grand Mar
shal Wieneke • and his staff, bands of
music, visiting riflemen, escorted by the
local shooting .societies, torch bearers,
delegates in carriages and wagons with
fireworks.
Oil Sunday morning the Third Bundes
Sho'oting Festival will be opened with ap
propriate ceremony. Another parade will
be held and the marksmen will march in
due style down to their special boat at the
Oakland ferry.
The parade will move from the corner
of New Montgomery and Market streets
at 3 a. m. sharp, thence up Market street
to City Hall avenue, around the I-''-k
monument; countermarch down Market
street, to Kearny, to California, to Mont
gomery', south to Market, to Oakland fer
ry, taking special boat set 11:15 for Shell
Mound Park.
Following is the
OEDEB OP PARADE.
GRAND MARSHAL— Robert Wieneke.
CHIEF OF STAFF— Ferdinand Slef ke. '
ADJUTANT GENERAL— Oscar A. Tolle.
CHIEF AID— Henry Kuhls.
AIDS TO THE CHIEF AID:
Wm. Ganns Jr.. Fred Hinz,
F. Suhr. John Wiese,
Emil Woenne Jr., Wm. Remensperger. '
STAFF:
Ed Algeltlnger, Jacob Lerner,
M. Bock. Henry Wagner,
Col. cnas. Boxton, E. C. Kalben.
Henry Dangers. Wm. G. Loewe,
Maj. R. A. Falkenberg, Fred Levers,
E. A. Fischer, Rolando Leverano,
Wm. Glindemann, Robert Martin.
Adolpb Grantz. Cfcas. Newmann,
G. C. Groezlnger, Henry J. Olsen. .
C. R. D. Hansen, John A. Pein, .
H. Hemcke, Chas. Rehn,
H. Hinricbsen, John F. Rheln,
Henry Hintmann, . . U. Remensperger,
F. Hoffmann, John Eachau,
J. Hoffmann, Julius Wrede,
Charles Alper», f
President of the National Shooting Bund 'of
the United States of ¦America," Captain F. A.
Kuhls (in carriase). ; \ .
First Division. •
New Montgomery street. " Right resting' s'outh
» east corner New Montgomery and
: Jessie streets{>
Marshal— F. Rathjens. .... '-
Aids— August E. Goetze Jr., L. N, Thlerbach.
L. Ritzau's Band.'
Miss Catharlna Krleg, Schuetzen Llesel. I i*
San Francisco Schuetzen ¦ ¦ Verein — Captain
John Thode, commanding. Lieutenants-— H.
S tell Ing, E. Ipsen, D.: Salfield, E. Goetze.
L. Ritzau's Band.
New York Independent^Schuetzen, New York.
New York Central Schuetzen, New York.
' Zettler Rifle Club, New York.
Hoboken Independent Schuetzen, Hoboken,
N. J. * t ,
Garden City Rifle Club, Chlcaso.
St Louis Independent Schuetzen, St. Louis.
RECEPTION COMMITTEE OF THE
BUND AND SCENES; AT SHELL
MOUND RANGE.
Denver Rifle Club, Denver, Colo.
Pueblo Rifle Club Pueblo, Colo.
- Pope Ramsey Rifle Club, Grand Junction,
Colo: . ' ¦
Slake No Social Calls
"Without-visiting cards. : We're specialists
in printing and engraving the fashionable
styles. - • Sanborn, Vail ¦ & Co., ; 741 Market
street. / * " • •
Prosperity, in Shasta County.
REDDING, .July. 12V-The report of the
County Assessor f 01/ 1901. as filed on
Thursday, with the /Board of Supervisors,
shows a; satisfactory state of affairs in
old Shasta. The total increase of assess
able property in twelve months amounts
to $251,342. "With the big smelting and
power plants that are now being installed
the increase in 1902 will be much greater.
The total value of property in the county
is shown to be $7,926,120.
Shooting Section Turn Vereln Germania, Los
Angeles, - Cal. ' .
Shooting Section Turn Verein Concordla. San
Diego. Cal.
or two eye-witnesses said that they heard
the whistle and the bell, while others con
tradicted this testimony.
The verdict of the Coroner's jury was:
"Unavoidable accident caused by collision
with railway train."
The unfortunate child will be burled to
morrow.
SAN JOSE. July 12.— The verdict of the
Coroner's jury over the body of Mrs.
Adelia Payne, who was killed by a nar
row gauge train on the Southern Pacific
yesterday afternoon, near Los Gatos, was
that "the railroad company 13 guilty of
gross carelessness in running Its trains
too rapidly inside the city limits and
neglecting to whistle or * H "°' t'r*" TTfli "P""
approaching .the. crossings/^
Gesellschaft Teutonta. A. Busse, president,
'an Francisco.
Second Division.
loward street, between New Montgomery and
Second. Rishl resting northeast corner
Howard and New Montgomery.
Marshal — Joseph Straub.
Aids— Dr. W. A. Meterdlerks, Dr. A. Elchler.
!•. Attlnger Jr.. H. fioefer.
I* Rltzau's Band.
San Francisco Turner Scbuetzen— Captain F.
Utlnger commanding. Lieutenants — F. Kom
ner. J. Straub.
San Francisco Turn Vereln, John Slmmen,
im speaker.
San Francisco Schwaben Vereln. Christian
jplegel, president.
Court Ilubertus. F. or A.. A. P. R. Kamena.
:hief ranjjer.
Vereln Deutacher Foerster, G. Franke, presi
lent.
Third Divison.
3oward street, between Xew Montgomery and
Third. Right resting on south side of How
ard, opposite Xew Montgomery.
Marshal— A dolph Becker.
Aids— Charles A. Schulz. H. A. Fprtriede.
tVilllam VToenne, Albert Mllly.
L. A. Ritzau's Band.
Elntracht Schuetzen — Captain F. A. Kuhls.
Lieutenant L>. Schmidt commanding, Lieuten
mt C. von Hartwig.
Vereln Elntracht and Turner Section— John
Herrmann, president.
GruetU Schuetzen Section— Charles Gut, pres
ident.
Gruetli Verein — John I>eutenegger. president.
Helvetia Verein— B. Hlschier, president.
Fourth Division.
Mission street, between New Montgomery and
Second. Right resting on northeast corner
of Mission and New Montgemory.
Marshal— John Schleemann.
Aids— Fritz MIchelsen, John Moller.
L. Ritzau's Band.
Independent Rifles — Captain I* Schneider
:ommandlng. Lieutenant K. Moennlng. lLeuten
mt H. Hanson.
Order of Hermann Sons— "W. Rust, grand
president.
Hessen Gesang Vereln— August Henrich,
president.
Fifth Division.
Mission street, between New Montgomery and
Third. Right resting on southwest corner
of Mission and Xew Montgomery.
Marshal — Jacob Rumetsch.
Aids — W. Grutzmacher. Captain C. ' Oldag.
L. Ritzau's Band.
Redmen Schuetzen — Captain H. Grieb com
manding, Lieutenant C. Stein, Lieutenant D.
VV'olpern.
' Independent Order of Redmen— F. Schu
macher, grrard ober chief.
Deutscber Metzger Vereln — Paul Freise, pres
ident.
Sixth Division.
Jessie street, between New Montgomery and
Second. Right resting on northeast corner
of Jessie and New Montgomery.
Marshal — George Braun.
Aids— J. Rein*. Joe Scheid. . .
Joe Stross' Band.
Krieffer Schuetzen— Captain A. Franke com
manding. Lieutenant George Braun, Lleuten
int Georze HetzeL
Deutsc£»er Krieger Verein — A. Redecker.
president.
Colonel Oscar F. Long Garrison Xo. 101. Reg
ular and Volunteer Army and Navy Union—
3eorge "W. Chaplin, commander.
Marln County Rifle Club— Ira Parka, presl-
San Jose Rifle Club — George Keffel. president.
• San Jose Sharpshooters— L. D. Hoback, presi
dent ¦ •
Germania Schuetzen Club— N. Ahrens, presi
dent.
Golden Gate Rifle Club— F. H. BushneU. pres
ident.
• Seventh Division.
Jessie street, between New Montgomery and
Third. .Right resting on southwest corner
of Jessie- and New Montgomery.
Marshal— Henry Koerner.
Aids— Ernst Guenther, J. Jacobsen. P. Stahl.
W. MuhL .
C. C. Henke's Band.
Germania Club— J. H. Muenster. president.
North German Schuetzen Club — William
Ganns. president. '
North German Vereln— Henry Meyer, presi
dent.
Schleswlg-Holsteiner Verein— Carl Arp, presi
dent.
L. Ritzau's Band. Mounted.
Hannoveraner Vereln (mounted) — Henry
Stuerke. president.
Veterans of the German Army (In carriages)
— B. Franke. president.
Helvetia Rifle Club of Sacramento (in car
riages)—Emll Schmld. president
Swiss Rifle Club of San Francisco (in car
riages) — P. A. Glannlnl. president.
California Schuetzen Club of San Francisco
(In carriages)— Philo Jacoby, president.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club of San Fran
cisco (In carriages) — G. Mannel. president.
Stand for all carriages -southeast corner of
Market and New Montgomery streets.
Parade starts at 9 a. m. sharp.
Grand Marshal— Gold sash and feather.
Chief of Staff— Blue and white sash and
feather.
Adjutant General — Red and white sash and
"chief " Aid— Red. whlt» and blue sash and
feather.
Aids to Chief Aid— White sash and feather.
Staff— Red sash and feather.
Division Marshals— Gold sash and feather.
Aids to .Division Marshals— Blue sash and
feather. _„
The Btaff takes position on N«w Montgom-
Continued on Page Five-
Third National Bundes Fest Will Be Inaugurated this Evening by a Pro=
cession and Formal Welcome to the Visitors From the East.
. % : — : ¦ : '— ; : ¦ — —- -: ; : ; " " ; ; "~~ ' *f"7 " 'I*
VISITING MARKSMEN CROWD SHELL
MOUND RANGES FOR PRACTICE SHOOT
: Backwoodsmen of ¦/ China I stilluse the
bow and- arrow as a weapon and do very
effective work with it. , >
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, July' 12.— John and ' Thomas
Considlne were to-day bound over to the
Superior Court by Police Justice George
to answer to the charge 'of murder, in the
first degree for the killing of ex-Chief of
Police- Meredith. Both were admitted to
bail. That of ; John Considine was fixed
at $20,000 and that of Thomas Considine
at ?2500. Both obtained the amounts
named to-nisht. ...
Judge George announced his decision at
10 o'clock this morning. He refused to
listen to any more extended arguments in
the case, saying he had already made .iip
his mind oh the subject, having consulted
the authorities on the matter.
Brothers Are Admitted to
Bail and Gain Tempor
\ ary Freedom.
CONSIDINES ARE HELD
ON CHARGE OF MURDER
ENGLAND WILL HAVE
A SCHOOL OF STRATEGY
Peers Are Startled by News That
Naval Reserve Force Is Very
Small.
LONDON. July 12.— Lord Selborne, out
lining In' the House of Lords to-day the
plans of the Government for improving
the navy, said it was proposed to estab
lish a school of naval strategy such as
existed in the United States.
Lord Dudley, Parliamentary Secretary
to the Board of Trade, rather startled the
Peers by saying it was clear that Great
Britain would have to look elsewhere
than to her mercantile marine for naval
reserves, adding that the number of Brit
ish seamen was now 5000 fewer than it
was thirty years ago.
Mountaineer's Wife Seeks Divorce.
GILROY, 12.— An interesting
divorce case Is in progress In Santa Cruz
County this week. The principals are J.
H. Roos and his wife. The couple resided
on the summit of the AVestern range for
many years. They were -married . more
than thirty years ago and have a large
family of children. Mrs. Roos left - her
husband and children two years ago,
taking with her the savings of the entire
family for years, and purchased a ranch
hear. Watson ville. Later she commenced
action for divorce on the ground of
cruelty. The mountain ranch is in her
name and Mr. Roos will ask for a divis
ion of the community property.
* ¦ . ¦ - *
Massachusetts Rifle Association, I Boston,
Plttsburg Rifle Club, Pittsburg, Pa.
Cincinnati Rifle Association, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Wauwatoosa! Rifle Club, Milwaukee, Wls.
FORMER POLICEMAN'S LIFE
GOES OUT IN POVERTY
Interesting Career of George Lyndon,
Recently Drowned at Boulder
• ;•'¦'¦' '¦•'• Creek. ¦ ' . .". •"*••'
SANTA CRUZ/ July 12.— George Lyn
don, the elderly gentleman who.was found
dead in the San Lorenzo River at Boulder
Creek on Wednesday evening, had an in
teresting history. Many years ago he was
an officer on 'the > San Francisco police
force, with a ; Kearny-street beat. / In his
day he was a noted: sprinter. At the age
of 70 ! years he found himself in. Boulder
Creek penniless and; hungry. He camped
In the chaparral on the hillside near the
depot, after learning the bitterness of be
ing deserted by his friends. • He '¦ soon
found employment as a ' common laborer
on the railroad." ¦'." . ; •
After* a time Lyndon wrote to an old
friend who was in authority on the South
ern Pacific, whom - he had known 1 in ' his
palmy days, ; and begged permission ;: to
build a cabin on the barren hillside. near
the depot.. The land was thick with
brush and useless for any purpose, so, the
railroad granted the-" request r and; gave
Lyndon 'a lease for: life.- He was laughed
at.' by the people of ;Boulder, but .to-day
Lyndon ¦ Park, once) a barren .waste, 'is I a
beautlfulspot, the work of his hands. :;¦¦ ,
Epecia! Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, July 12.— To-day's Klondike
arrivals report that Edgar A. Mizner has
been appointed manager and L. R. Fulda
assistant miiiiaser of the Northern Com
mercial Company, which represents the
ill lied Alaskan transportation and trading
companies for the upper Yukon. The se
lection was made by Louis Sloss, general
manager and second vice president of the
company.
The headquarters of Mizner and Fulda
will be in Dawson, and their territory will
extend over ail the stores of the company
from Circle up the Yukon. Fulda wa.i
formerly Yukon manager of the Alaska
Exploration Company, one of the princi
pal companies in the new association.
Edgar A. Mizner Becomes
Manager of Northern Com
mercial Company.
MARKSMEN, whose steadi
ness of nerve and accuracy
of aim have earned for
them the rir.ht to be classed
in the galaxy of the world's
greatest shots, assembled
yesterday at Shell Mound
Park for practice prepara
tory to participating in the third National
Bundes Shooting Festival. From all over
the world they have come. In their num
ber are the kings ¦who have won the
laurels of the past festivals and many
sharpshooters of the younger generation
¦with enviable records, but who have yet
to win the heavy spurs. Besides the
marksmen there was a big crowd of spec
tators eager to see the famous shots in
action. Many of the local experts were
present to obtain a line on their Eastern
opponents.
The committees who have charge of the
festival have expended every effort to
have the range in the best possible con
dition and success has followed. All the
marksmen who shot yesterday un
hesitatingly pronounced it the finest of
ranges. They praised the light, the eleva
tion and the calmness of the air. In fact.
bo favorable were the conditions that
many of the experts shot high above
their records.
T\'illiam Hayes, king of the second
Bundesfest, held in New York In 1S9S. al
though slightly out of form, was one
of those who distinguished themselves
yesterday. Although no record was kept
cf his scores, it was generally understood
that they were unusually high. The first
Ehot that King Hayes lired was a dead
center. Hayes is considered to be of re
markable steadiness of nerve and a
splendid contest to retain his laurels is
expected.
F. C. Ross, the first regularly crowned
shooting king of America, also shot well.
He is reported to be in splendid condition
for the contest and considered as one of
Mr. Hayes' most dangerous rivals.
W. W. Yeager of the Pueblo Rifle Club,
Pueblo, Colo., furnished the surprise of
the day. His style also was the object of
much interest. He is the only marksman
who will take part In the festival that
uses the strictly off-hand style of shoot
ing. He has not yet adopted the modern
Improvement known as the palm rest, by
which a shooter is enabled ¦ to hold a
6teadler aim, but extends his arm full
length along the gun barrel. His style
is considered to be about a decade be
hind the times, but nevertheless hia
achievement yesterday stamps him as a
probable winner of the kingship. In forty
Bhots at the ringr target he made 231, 219,
232 and 243. probably the highest four
eeores of the day.
Colorado is represented by an extremely
strong aggregation of marksmen. Be
sides Mr. Yeager there are several others
who will make a determined bid for first
honors. M. C Ramsey, president of the
Pope Ramsey Rifle Club of Grand Junc
tion, holds the 100-shot world's record on
an American standard target, with a score
of S*2 out of a. possible 1000. His reputa
tion as a champion was fully sustained by
the scores that he made yesterday. The
Colorado team also includes G. L. Vought,
champion of the Denver Rifle Club. Sec
retary of the Denver Rifle Club J. TV.
Barnes. H. Elliott and T. D. East, presi
dent of the Colorado Rifle Association, all
sharpshooters with enviable records.
Nearly all the Middle and Eastern
States have sent exceptionally strong del
egations. E. Bridge, who hails from the
Bellows Falls Rifle Club of Bellows Falls,
Vt.. brings with him the remarkable rec
ords of S3, ft> and 94, all made on the
American standard target. Massachusetts
is represented by T. P. Geisel, whose per
formances in the East have secured for
him a place among the first shots of the
country, and by H. M. Pope of Chickopee
Falls, who has an extensive list of vic
tories to his credit.
Knights of the gun who have van
quished all their opponents in their own
State and who have won local fame are
here from Montana, Idaho and Arizona,
and, in fact, from every State where skill
in marksmanship is prized. They have
come with a determination to gain greater
renown and richer rewards In the shape
of the handsome prizes which are being
offered by the clubs.
In fact, never^before in the history of
the Eundes shooting festivals "have such
magnificent prizes, medals and trophies
been collected to crown victorious marks
men. Prei-iously the prizes that were
awarded to the victors were valuable only
ss tokens of victory, but in this instance
they possess great intrinsic value and are
wrought and adorned with the greatest
nrtistic skill. At a meeting of the Bund
Thursday night $12,000 was paid out for
the gold and sliver medals, silver cups
rich with gold decorations and silver
trophies. The list comprises 150 gold med
als. 250 silver medals and 250 solid silver
goblets, the grandest and most magnifi
cent ever offered to the winners of shoot
ing contests.
One of the most attractive features of
the practice shoots at Shell Mound is the
presence of the operatic stars, Collamarini
and Russo. Russo, the doughty little
tenor. Is a marksman of no mean degree.
He will compete in the tournaments. His
wife, Conamarlni, the great Carmen of
last year's grand opera season at the Tiv
oli. is always in attendance.
The Zett'.er Rifle Club of New, York.
numbering 2tnong its members some of
the most celebrated .riflemen of both con
tinents, has sent a team of its best men
to the tournament. The club was organ
ized twenty-seven years ago by the Zettler
brothers, who astonished the world with
their marvslous shooting, and they have
managed to maintain a high reputation
for accurate marksmanship for all those
connected with the club. With the excep
tion of the president. Gus Zimmermann,
the rest of the officers are most likely in
the contingent coming to San Francisco
to shoot. They are Vice President Henry
r>. Mueller. Secretary Frederick Hocking,
Treasurer C. G. Zettler and Shooting Mas
ter Bernhard Zettler.
The festival will be commenced to-night
¦with a grand parade and torchlight pro
cession, in which the visiting marksmen
and their friends will Join. There will be
music and fireworks and buildings w'.ll
be ablaze with light along the line of
march. In every way the celebration
will be made a fitting opening of the
grandest and most,cxtenslve shooting fes
tival ever held. At the conclusion of the
parade the visitors will be conducted to
California Hall, where they will be for
mally welcomed by Mayor Phelan.
WILL CONTROL TRADE
0N THE UPPER YUKON
The line of march as it was revised at
the meeting of the bund Thursday night
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. GILRO Y, July 12.— Coroner Kell and
Stenographer Blanchard held an inquest
to-day, over the body, of May Ladd, the 12
year-old; daughter of George, M. Ladd,
who was killed yesterday afternoon by the
Del Monte" flyer while crossing the rail
road^ at; its intersection with the Hot
Springs road. The deposition of Engineer
Fred A. Stevens was taken at San. Jose.
He said that he did not see the child aa
he ,was : on the opposite side j of the cab.
The train was running at the rate of fifty
five miles. an hour to make up time,
t. Fireman ; E. A. Allen saw the girl when
within '~ two : lengths of the engine. She
was ? whipping her horse' with the lines
and trying to cross before the train- One
Declares Killing of Little May
Ladd an Unavoidable
v ' Accident.
CORONER'S JURY HOLDS
RAILROAD BLAMELESS
, .•.'¦- r ,-¦*..*¦ n ¦--¦¦¦" - - - ' - * - " - ' m ' "¦ ' ' •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JULY 13, 1901.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wz '7Z\ the mood"
E JH Has become a pro-
Ek J|averbial phrase to ex-
Flk. *--¦ jfi&& P ress tbe futility of
iJftP¥>cia<^jai mere desire. There
f^mwSS^irtatsSa are a great many peo-
ple who think it is aa
useless to hope tor health as to cry for the
moon. They have tried many medicines
and many doctors, bnt all in vain.
A great many hopeless men and women
have been cured by the use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery; people with
obstinate coughs, bleeding lungs, night-
sweats and other symptoms 01 disease
which if neglected or unskillfnlly treated
find a fatal termination in consumption.
"Golden Medical Discovery" has a won-
derful healing power. It increases the
nutrition of the body, and so gives strength
to throw off- disease. It cleanses the blood
from poisonous impurities and enriches it
with the Ted corpuscles of health. It fa
not a stimulant, but a strength givin? medi-
cine. It contains no alcohol, neither opium,
cocaine, nor any other narcotic.
Sometimes the extra profit paid by
inferior medicines tempts the dealer to
offer a substitute as "just as good" as "Dis-
covery." If you are convinced that "Dis-
covery " will cure you accept nothing else.
«I was in poor health when f commenced
taking Dr. Pierce's medicine," writes Mr, Elmer
Lawler, of Volga. Jefferson Co,. Indiana. "I
had stomach, kidney, heart, and lung trouble.
Was not able to do any work. I had > severe
cough and hemorrhage of the lasgs, bvi. after
using your medicine a while I commenced to>
gain in strength and flesh, and stopped cough-
ing right away. Took about six bottles of the
'Golden Medical Discovery' then, and last
spring I had Grippe, and it settled on my lungs,
leaving me with a severe cough. I had the
doctor, but he didn't seem to help me any ; so
I commenced your med- KSBH9BmHnf9B
icine again and took rafSnmi
three or four bottles of Esfligi " w31»gfSjgi
the 'Discoverv' and two EKSSfcCfSS'^jSi'i.
vials of Dr. Pierce's Pel- BE iSw 3Hv tfTfik
«4£ts^ and that straight- By^L/./^ xtfii
a difiercntper-*p n . I jgJj/ /^%7>- ..—^i
gladly recommentNj-our fitsa Pi^" / ~
medicine to all stu!Ht- E KjL ' ¦>» v^i
ers, for I know it care^TOfiML. ~"^
nie." ||JiCcjfiSHfiW^y^^
i Dr. Pitrce's Pleas- 1 *g //
ant Pellets cure con- O BJr/ J[
stipation by curing its 9E$#3r f
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cni>s o? Conor rhoe«.\ Glo»t j.
Strictures anti analogous complaint* -
of tha Organ* of Generation. ¦ ¦
Price 11 ¦ bottle. For »alo by drujsUU.SLIPPER JAMES GRACE UNLEASHING THE COURSERS. FROM THOSE WHO ARE COMPETENT TO JUDGE
COMES THE DECLARATION THAT YOUNG GRACE IS WITHOUT A PEER AS A SLIPPER AND IS IN A
CLASS BY HIMSELF. . " .
Wlilst or any card games?- You'll find
the largest stock of playing cards, dice,
poker chips, game counters and tally
cards, and the fairest prices, too, at the
6tore of Sanborn, Vail & Co., 7*1 Market
stzeet.. .. -: - ¦ • ¦ • •¦- .*...
Do You Play Poker?
What the Horses Known
to California Are Do
ing in Eastern States
California turfites will be surprised to
hear that a prominent figure in local rac
ing a few years ago has again accumu
lated a bunch of money. He is no other
than Eddie Sachs, who had the pro
gramme privilege and was associated'
with Bill Murry in the Lone stable at the
old Bay District racetrack. Four years
ago Eddie received a very flattering offer
from a Montana poolroom man to go to
Butte and manage his rooms. Sachs ac
cepted the. proposition, having traveled
the rough passage in San Francisco. Aft
er arriving In the silver countiy the play*
at first was light, but soon Improved, and
Eddie found himself a winner, but, as
luck goes, H. L», Frank and a few of. the
heaviest bettors had a lucky streak and
Sachs found himself again being taken
over the jumps. Last winter the tide of
fortune turned Eddie's way and he
amassed, according to a reliable, source,
about $40,000. f He a is reported to be half
owner of one "of the largest rooms in
Butte. - . •¦
A very strange coincident happened on
the Eastern tracks one day' early In the
week. . There were three horses with Jew
ish cognomens slated to start— Isidor at
Brighton Beach, Moses at Washington
Park and Sam Lazarus at St Louis. AH
three won and a $5 bill parleyed on the
three wouia have netted the sum of $1090.
Charles^ Ellison is perhaps the largest
winner in the United States this season.
It is conservatively stated that the blonde
plunger has inccreased his bank roll $100,
000 since the Washington Park meeting
commenced on June 24. His own string
has not been doing so well, but hig bet
ting on outside horses has been remarka
ble.. According *to a letter received from
the Windy City, Ellison won $20,000 one
afternoon. It is a well-known fact that
from- early In the year he has been a
strong, admirer of Robert Waddell, and
as Bradley's colt won several races at
good prices Ellison mode a goodly sum
each time. Specific In Ellison's string
helped to fatten his owner'B. purse $10,000
when he beat The Conqueror and others
last Tuesday.-
Jockey Coburn, Sam Hildreth's Califor
nia Jockey, who a short time ago had hid
leg crushed while riding at Washington
Park, is able to be around, but it will be
n/any weeks before he will be seen in the
saddle. : -
The Washington Park meeting closes on
the 20th of July. . .
The turf writers of the United \ States
have been devoting considerable space to
the ,racins l ability., of _Wax .Taper. . Evi-
ECHOES FROM
THE EASTERN
RACETRACKS
active, there having been more than flfty
players on the links last Saturday and
thirty-six entries in the various events
held on the Fouth. In order to obviate
the necessity of giving large handicaps
to the weak players when matched
against the strong, golfers will be divided
into two classes, A and B. Men who on
the average go round In 65 strokes or bet
ter and women whose average Is 75
strokes or better for nine holes will form
Class A. Players whose averages are
¦worse than the above will make up Class
B. The course is hard, as It always Is
at this season, but the putting greens are
in excellent condition. The strongest play
ers among the ladies are Mrs. R. Gilxnan
Brown, who Is probably the best golfer
of her sex in the State: Mrs. F. S. John
pon. Mrs. George Heazelton and Mrs. J.
J. Crooks. Mrs. Gerstle. .Mrs. Hecbt, Mrs.
Sioss. Mrs--. Skinner and "Mrs. Hooper are
constant players on the San Rafael links.
The class tournament scheduled for to
day at San Rafael will be set aside, the
majority of players preferring a team
match over eighteen holes, in which any
member may take part. R. Gilman Brown
captaining one side and J. J. Crooks the
other. It is expected that there will be
about twenty players in each team. The
four highest scores in the winning team
will receive prizes.
J. J. ar.d Mrs. Crooks have presented a
trophy to be called the Benedicts' Cup,
¦which will be competed for on Saturday.
July 27. It will be a handicap contest;
over eighteen holes, xnedal play.
Next month will be a great one for the
golfers. The third competition for the
Poniatowski Cup for women will take
place on the course of the Burlinframe
Country * Club, and at Del Monte .there
will be the first contest for the women's
amateur championship of the Pacific
Coast, and also a competition open to all
polfers. amateur or professional, with a
first prize of $100 for the winner/ If a pro
fessional, or of a piece of plate if an
amateur, and other minor rewardB. En
tries for the women's championship and
the open contest will be received by T.
7*. Cower, secretary of the -Pacific Coast
Golf Association, -r
The San Rafael Golf Club is unusually
Burlingame and Monte
rey Tournaments Ar
ranged for the Fall
GOLFERS ARE
BUSY ON THE
RAFAEL LINKS
HE Us events that are on the
j £ card for this coursing season
| have attracted the attention of
1L an Eastern leashman well known
' throughout the country. He v has
promised to come out to the coast and
add his name to the list of owners whose
dogs will compete for the many handsome
prizes offered. The invader is no other
than Q. Van Hummell. who though not
a resident, is interested in the welfare of
the eport in our State, inasmuch as he
is on the- list as an honorary member of
the California Coursing Committee and
is a prominent, member of the American
Coursing Board.
Mr. Van Hummell. in a letter announc
ing hfs determination of joining- in for a
chance at the big purses, declares that
he will bring out a good kennel of cours
ers with which he expects to win enough
in prize money to pay for transportation
both ways, general expenses, and have a
sufficient balance to make a respectable
looking draft to show when he returns
horm.
If he hepes to have his dreams realized
the veteran courser will have to bring out
Fome good ones to take honors from the
great bunch of champions that Is in train
ing for the big stakes. His ambition to
carry away the top prizes In the events
of California is an excusable one and is
easilj- explained. . In bringing his dogs
to compete vntii the local coursers Mr.
Van Hummel realizes that he is on the
card of what will be the greatest cours
ing event in history, for there is hardly
a doubt that the committee in charge will
make this year's John Grace Challenge
Cup stake exceed in value the famous
English Waterloo, which has been the
event par excellence In coursing since its
ina uguration.
The local leashmen bid a hearty wel
come to Courser Van Hummell and to his
Eastern brethren who think they can
carry away our offerings. For our Futur
ity of 1902 Mr. Van Hummell has entered
a brlndle dog by Van Ot.ien out of Viola.
The Pastime Coursing Club of St Louis,
Mo., has made a bold bid for Judge Grace.
It happened that the judge in wi«h!ng his
Eastern friends success In their Waterloo
meeting expressed his desire of ¦witness
ing the trials If his time would permit. It
•was soon given out for a fact that the
Leashman Van Hummell Says He Will Bring
His Coursers to Win Our Purses.
judge would be on hand and the club
published that he would preside in the
saddle. Judge Grace has declared that he
would not act under any consideration, as
there are men there who could fill the bill
acceptably. The position had not been
offered and the judge, if he can arrange
his time, will attend the meeting only
as a siectator. : '
II. C. Lowe of Kansas has asked Martin
Kerrigan to judge this season's Missis
sippi Futurity stake.
John Russell of the firm of Russell &
Allen has purchased Mr. Allen's interest
in the firm's kennels en this coast and
will conduct business for himself.
The California Coursing Committee will
hold a special meeting on Thursday next.
Among the matters which will be brought
up Is the application of the new park -at
Melrcse. Some seventy names make up
the list of members of the organization.
An effort is being made to run the open-
Ing stake a week from to-morrow.
The officers of the club are: President,
William M. Kent; vice president. Dr. A.
J. Dean; secretary, M. J. Costello; treas
urer. Central Bank; judge, A. P. Dean;
slipper, James Wren; slip steward, James
E. Dean: field stewards, J. J. Edmonds,
W. M. Kent and P. M. Clarkson.
On account of a scarcity of hares no
stake was run at Los Angeles on Sunday
last.
Two stakes are on the card for this
week's attraction at Union Park, a six
teen-dog puppy stake and an open event
of 120 entries.
Likely winners in the. puppy stake are:
Tame Tralee. Killarneyl Funston. Rustio
Arbor, Freeze Out, Lothario, Alice Lou
ise and Algie McDonald.
In the open stake the flag raisers look to
be: OIJta, Sleety Mist. Cash, Honesty,
Warship, Vulcan, Sir Pasha, For Glory,
Frisco Lad. Modest Lad, Greenhall, Fly
ing Fox. Random Aim. Roman Athlete,
Bad Boy. Bonnie Pasha, Fine Fire,
Homer Boy, Lady CSare, Game Boy,
Wedgew'ood. Achilles, Lilac, Candelaria,
Fontenoy, Blackhead, Real Article. Lux
or, Mayflower, Rude Awakening. Shadow,
Narcissus, Dewdron, Tiburon. Bona Fide,
McKinley. Sweet Emma. Rector. War
path, Royal Union, Harlean Gladys. Ri
enzi. Rocker, The Grafter, Herschel's
Pride, Santonin, Talk to Me, Hot Haste,
Golden Garter. Agamemnon, Golden Rus
set, Sir Lawrence, Brutus, May H>mp
stead. Little Sister, Tyrone Prince, King
Cotton and Lawrence.
EASTERN KENNEL WILL
ENTER FOR BIG EVENTS
50-yard dash, juveniles — H. Anderson, J.
Ramsay, W. Connor, F. Clough, M. Fre
mont, C. Mason, D.- Mackel, B. Ferrill, J.
Shrimp, F. Neil, H. Heinz, C. Carroll, C.
Butterworth. .'A. Beltin, J. Lillie, T.
Baker. R. Soil, D. Mackel, A. Sundberg,
M. Roche, E. Percy, H. McKenzie, C.
Betty, J. McManus, H. ! Cross,J. Adams,
W. Paine, W. Stockton, A. Thomas, 1 G.
Caulfield, B. Williams. F. Clough and E.
Kipp. ¦
Under-water swimming contest, free for
all— H.- Leicken. J. Jackson, R. Buckley,
R, Gundy, -D. Chase, J. Erasmy; *P. Mc-
Dermid, P. Lockwod, S. Finnigan, D. Har
rigan, L. James, W. Cook, A. Derks," O.
Lowenthal, J. O'Birne and O. Meyers. ¦ 5
¦ 100-yard race, amateurs — R. Gundi, W.
Haywards, H.- Mitchell^ J. Stockton.- T.
Wolfe, L. Rogers, W. Fisher. J. Peters,
X SchustK), F. Irving, -H.: Bevins, H.
Dougherty, C. Augustus, ¦ O. Beyers, C.
Fredericks, R. Riding. ..W. Dasmer, C.
Hanlon, A. Hay, S. Clayton, C. Harnes.
R. Cordell. O. Schultz. H. Heinz. W. Gil
bert. L. Baudain, M. Scott and M. Floaty.
Trick and fancy springboard diving — W.
Carroll, F. Muller, T. Louis, H. Stelljes,
E. Winfield, 8. Finnigan, H. Wilson, C.
Jacobs, R. Seltzer, O. MIsner J.. Sayer,
J. Armacost, T. McKillop, W. Gorman. H.
Hienze, G. Dwyer, W. Guine, W. Carman.
J. Roberts and G. . Kelber.
Following are the entries for the Sun
day, races at Sutro baths: . ".
"Swimming at Sutra's.
Water Color, the California bred colt
by Watercress, again demonstrated last
Thursday what a crack three-year-old he
is by picking up 129. pounds and winning
a mile and a quarter race in 2:07. He was
purchased at the recent closing out sale
of the Littlefleld horses for $23,000 by Davy
Johnson, acting for J. B. Haggin.
John Lodge certainly, has the sympathy
of the sporting public, .over the loss of
his crack chestnut colt Rory Ough. He
received an offer of $4000 for the son pf
Friar Tuck, but declined. The colt died
suddenly Wednesday. :
Riley Grannan, who created consterna
tion in the hearts of many bookmakers
not only In America but across the pond
several years ago, but who lately has had
a streak of hard luck, is reported to be
riding on Easy street. Recently he won
quite a sum.
Rolling Boer, In HUdreth's stable, ran
second Thursday to Pink Coat in a hand
icap at Chicago.
Jockey Shaw still keeps winning races,
and if he carries his average will cer
tainly be away ahead at- the end of the
season. On Thursday he won three races,
one second and once outside the money
out of five mounts. .
dently he has gone back, for he was beat
¦ en twice during the week by Bedeck and
Prince of Melbourne. The former is well
known to habitues of the local racetracks.
Ten days ago he was purchased by | P.
Ryan at auction for $1700. His win from
Wax Taper certainly shows that Ryan
got a bargain. • -
The biggest local tennis events ever held
on the coast are scheduled for the end of
August and the early part of September.
Play will commence on the 30th ! of Au
gust. On, that date and the 31st the cham
pionship singles * of - the' coast for ladles
will be held. The men's tournaments will
commence on September 2 and end on Sep
tember 9. During this time the" gentle
men's singles and doubles for the cham
pionship of the coast will be held and pos
sibly a mixed doubles event..
The order of events has not as yet been
settled, but will be as soon as the meet
ing of the Pacific States Lawn Tennis As
sociation is held. If the ladies' tourna
ment is not held on August 30 and 31 it
will take place on August 23 and 24.
The Hotel Rafael has already com
menced, to change the courts as suggested
last week. The principal fault lies in the
slope at the- base line, which is very an
noying to the players. Besides causing
them to make double faults it also inter
feres with the run-in game. The courts
are now being made level andiwill.be in
perfect condition by the time the next
tournament is played.
The object of the association in chang
ing the date of the championship singles
of the coast from July to September was
to get the cracks from the Northern
States and from Southern California to
enter. These men have given it out that
they would journey .to San Rafael -if the
doubles and singles were held at the same
time. With such men as Freeman,
Foulkes, Goward and Goss from the north
and Bell, Hendricks and SInsabaugh from*
the south entered, the local cracks would
'have to do their best to keep the cham
pionship at home. It will be interesting
to know, how such men as Smitn.' Brown,
Collier and MacGavln compare with these
cracks. . Goss, the champion of Oregon,
beat several, of the best second class men
in . practice, but was beaten by . Grant
Smith in one of the local tournaments.
The local cracks of the second class would
probably have their hands full' in a match
with either Bell, Foulkes or Goward. ¦
Heretofore •• Collier has been the only
man to practice daily on the local courts,
but since the tournament of last week
four other men have been out practicing
constantly. Fred Brown of Oakland.
Merle Johnson, Drummond MacGavln and
Big Tournaments at San
Rafael in the Single
and the Double Events
COURT PLAYERS
WILL SOON GO
INTO TRAINING
The teams of the Alameda and Pacific
Cricket Clubs will meet on the Webster
street grounds," Alameda, to-day for the
fourth trial of the season. -.The Alameda
team will be selected from the following:
R. B. Hogue, J. J. Morlarty, G. J. Baugh,
H. Ward Jr.. B. Bird. F. Stahl. W. G.
Fortmann, W. J. Richter, F. J. Croll, A.
S. Willis, H. Ward Sr. or H. W. Brown
The representatives of the Pacific Cricket
Club will be H. C. Casidy. C. P. Coles
John Myers. A. W. Wilding. E. T. Lan«»
dale, P. Bennion, W. Petherick. J. h
Harbour, T. J. A. Tiedemann, V. P. Sol
lom and D. Jamleson or A. B. "Willis
the end of the month than on the days
originally selected. F. L. Parker is chair
man and- J. C. McCue - secretary of the
executive committee, while Admiral Ed
wards is chairman of the Portland com
mittee and is making the necessary prep
arations for the election of a queen in that
city. The Olympic Boat Club of San Fran
cisco will send to the Astoria regatta T
J. Sherry, who* took second place in the
recent junior outrigged skiff race and a
junior barge crew, made up of Charles
Yates, bow; R. B. Cornell, No 2" Charlei
Melrose, No. 3, and T. J. Sherry stroke
J A. ¦¦ Geddes of the Lurline Swimming
Club and chairman of the regatta com"
mittee of the Pacific Association Is the
local representative, of the Astoria re
gatta. '.'¦¦ • ; •"-¦¦
Cricket at Alameda.
The Ariel Rowing Club 'has been so
much discouraged at having the site for
merly granted to . theni by the Harbor
Commissioners taken away, after about
$100 and a considerable, amount of work
had been expended on concrete piers on
which to build the' house, thatShe project
of constructing a permanent house ashore
has been almost definitely, abandoned. A
committee has been appointed to consider
the purchase of a barge on which: to build
a house, which can then be. towed .to any
part of the bay. This seems an excellent
plan, and it is not unlikely that the. South
End Rowing Club may also put its' house
on a, float. -•-¦.- •
The oarsmen of this, city were much
gratified with the Lake Merritt regatta
though the arrangements for the comfort
of the . contestants - and for starting the
races were somewhat defective.' Their
idea is to establish on the lake quarters
for, all the city clubs, where boats can be
housed, and contestants can dress com
fortably. Lake Merritt or Oakland Creek
are the only .places within easy reach of
San Francisco that afford smooth water, ¦
and of the two Lake Merritt is much more
satisfactory for spectators than the es
tuary hi its present condition..
The date of the eighth annual Astoria
regatta has been changed from August 15
16 and 17 to August 29. 30 and 31. This was
done in' order to give «.the owners of
launches , on • the Columbia River time to
clean up after/the fishing season, so that
they may enter for the races. The tides
will also suit the rowing, races better at
ARIELS WILL HAVE
MOVABLE HOUSE
Grant Smith are out every day. and are
improving very rapidly. Smith and Brown
met twice during the week, and although
the former won each time in straight sets
play was very close. Brown, MacGavln
and Smith have each taken a fall out of
Johnson during the week. Although Mac-
Gavin beat Brown in the University of
California try-out, the latter now beats
him regularly. These two men. With
Grant Smith, are the most promising men
in the second class. Of the third class
me,n Chet Smith is probably the most
promising.
Sumner Hardy will commence training
next week and will again try to wrest the
coast, championship honors from George
Whitney. Spaulding & Co. have' offered
a handsome nw. cup, valued at $300, for
the ccast championship, jj The cup must
,be wen three times before It becomes the
property of any player. / _¦ ;
The lady players are doing most of their
practice work across the bay. The entry
list will not be very large, but 'the tennis
will have considerable class to it. The
matches between "the Stitton girls and
Misses Hall and Hoffmann should be good
ones. - ,••.¦>-.••¦ -•-
"There are no less than a dozen,
streams running into the main river —
swirling, tumbling streams, all of them,
like the .Truckee on a small scale. War
ners Cre^ek and Willow Creek are nice
large streams filled with big fish. Mr..
Vogelsang and Horace Smyth have fished
this; branch most successfully, taking
several two and three pound tisn. They
used No. 10 and No. 12 march brown and
caddis flies." Roscoe Haven and Mr. Leet
favor Mountain Meadow Creek, six miles
up the meadows. It must be an anglers'
paradise, for they always come home with
a full basket. Then there is the Big
Spring, 'five and a" half miles from Bun-'
nell's and" about a third the sise of Web
ber Lake, as cold as ice cold springs can
make it. Messrs. Smyth and Finch last
week filled their creels in three hours'
fishing, the smallest fish weighing half a
pound, and from this to two pounds. The
v/ater in the main stream is as yet much
too high fcr good fishing, and I am sure
from the number of fish I have seen in
the smaller streams, fishing will not be
at its best until the middle of July. The
flies most successful at this place are
blue bottle, caddis No. 1 and No. 2. brown
Palmer. March brown. . impr. goremer,
gray hackle, yellow body. No. 12 hook.
"Mr. and Mrs. Seymour Waterhouse of
Colfax have been doing Mount Larsen and
the cinder cone.
"Wi left Chico at 7 o'clock, arriving 1 at
the Suttpn House, thirty-five miles out,
at about 4 p. m., rigged up our rods at
once and fished Butte Creek just back of
the house until evening. Butte Creek Is a
splendid looking stream, but productive
of nothing but small fish. Next morn
ing we started at T, arriving at Big.
Meadows, Bunnell's, at 3 o'clock. Fifty
five miles of the sixty-five are made in a
he&vily timbered country and across sev
eral small streams which look most invit
ing to the angler. They were, however,
running bank full and will not b© ready
for fishing until late in July.
"When one arrives at Bis Meadows cr
Bunnell's he is much disappointed at first
glance. You see nothing but a slough 200
feet wide, marshy on both sides in moat
places and you wonder what under
heaven you are up against. And after
trying the 'slough' the same night and
getting only five small tlsh, you almost
wnnt to treck back to Chlco. The next
two days, 34 in the shade. No fishing.
"Well, a poor start, but a good ending.
This is the most wonderful country it
has, ever been my pleasure to visit. It la
a combination of Webber Lake and the
Truckee River, but with more certainty
than either of the other places for taking
fish. , #
The following letter from Big Meadows,
Plumas County, will be of interest to fish
ermen. It is written by a devoted angler
and contains much general Information
regarding the condition of streams In
that locality:
Interesting Letter Con
taining Information of
Value to I the Anglers
FISHING IN
THE STREAMS
OF PLUMAS
afternoon on that day. The course Is the
regular Corinthian one. The race will be
under the management of the regatta
committees of the Corinthian, and Vallejo
yacht clubs. The only thing- against the
selection of August 24 19 the fact that the
annual river cruise of the Corinthians
takes place during that -week, and wms
enthusiastic yachtsmen who are up tha
Sacramento will miss the cup race. Ac
cording to the Corinthian schedule the
fleet should be at Vallejo on Saturday,
August 24, to meet the -yachts returning
from the river, but if the race takes placa
on that day the rendezvous at Vallejo
will be abandoned. As, however, the tide
will be running out until i2:46 p. m. on
the 24th, the yachts might maie Vallejo
on the evening of the 23d and drop down
to San Francisco in time to see th.« cup
race next day.
When the yawl Tramontana returned
last Sunday from Santa Cruz and Mon
terey to Sausalito she had a good deal of
trouble in making her moorings. Coining
up under full headway she went right
past them, put about and missed them
again, then dropped an anchor and swung
round into 'the sloop Thetis. This is an
accident tending to show that a practical
amateur is more skillful in handling a
yacht than a professional boatkeeper
whose experience has been In deep sea
vessels.
To-day the Corinthians will hold an In
formal regatta, the details of which, are
not quite settled. A similar event last
season was very successful, the crews of
the yachts being ready on the float. At
the signal they jumped into the small
boats, rowed off to the yachts, threw off
the gaskets, made sail and sot trader
way. The event to-day will be o£ a
similar kind, the yachts sailing 1 out to the
channel, rounding a mark and returning 1
to the cove. A start will be made at 11
a. m., and the first boat back will win a'
prize. In the afternoon there will be an
informal jinks in the clubhouse.
Since his return from Monterey H. R.
Sirapkins has been indisposed, but if all
goes well will start on a trip to Santa
Catalina in his yawl Tramontana next
week. "Si
The Olympic handball tournament will
begin to-morrow in the club courts at 1
p. m. The following matches will be
played :
M. McGuire vs. L. Kenny, F. Leach vs.
W. Collins, George Cunningham vs. F.
Mulmer, Al Collins vs. J. Mahoney.
On Monday night, July 15, at 8 p. m.:
Joseph Collins vs. Joseph Condon, A. Mc-
Vicker vs. W. Stapff, Ed Curley vs. T.
Clements.
On Friday night, July 19, at 8 p. m.:
Ai C. Hampton vs. Ed Antoon. J. Harlow
vs. T. J. Lydon, J. White vs. C. Sullivan.
William Jacobs drew a bye.
At -the San Francisco Handball Courts
the following games will be played to
morrow: W. H. Egan and J. Ward vs.
W. Ward and E. J. Sweeney; W. Walsh
and W. H. Sieberst vs. J. J. Kavanaugh
and H. H. Lissner: M. Dillon and G.
Hutchinson vs. E. Maloney and A. Pen
noyer;P. Basch and A. Jacoby vs. M.
Berwin and C. Basch; W. H. Kedlan and
D. J. . Sheehan vs. E. Lynch and J. R.
Bockman; G. McDonald and M. McNeil
vs. M. McDonald and P.' McKinnon; J.
Harlow and E. Curlev vs. J. Riordan and
R. Murphy: 11. -J. Kilgallon and J. Col
lins-vs. J. White and T. Leach; M. Levy
and W. Fisher vs. P. Ryan and D. Con
nelly.. s . ¦
Matches Will Begin Sun
day Afternoon and Con
tinue for Some Weeks
OLYMPIC CLUB
HANDBALL MEN
IN TOURNAMENT
THE San Francisco Yacht Club will
give a dance in its clubhouse at
Sausalito this evening, beginning
at 8 o'clock. Boats will leave this
city for Sausalito at 5:15, 6:15 and
6:45 p. m., and leave Sausalito on the re
turn trip at 10:55 p. m.
. To-morrow most of the boats will take
parties of friends out for a cruise on the
upper bay, the tide, which is high at 11:15
a. m. arid runs out until 3:40 p. m... being
favorable for a trip up the bay. The Cal
ifornias have a cruise to Paradise Cove
scheduled for to-day, returning to-mor
row.
The semi-annual meeting of the Califor
nia Tacht Club was held recently, but
owing to the lr.ck of a quorum no busi
ness was transacted. Some of the yachfja
in Oakland Creek half-masted their flags
for two or three days out of respect to
the memory -of Hugh McA, . Marshall,
brother of Commodore S. S. Marshall,
who lost his life last Sunday by drown
ing in Napa Creek .on the return of the
yacht Thelma from a visit on the* Fourth
to Napa City. The fatal accident oc
curred near the drawbridge, Hugh - Mar
shall having jumped overboard to catch
the small boat, which had drifted away
from the yacht. His companions brought
the yacht round and one of them threw
out a life buoy, but to no purpose.
Though the measurements of the yacht
Helen were given in the challenge sent
for the San Francisco Perpetual Clip by
the Vallejo Club to the Corinthians, it is
said that the challengers propose to in
crease the sail plan of the sloop. "When
this has been done a new set cf measure
ments will be sent to the defenders. As
the change will raise the racing length
of the challenging boat, the Corinthians
will not proceed with the proposed altera
tions to Frank Stone's Presto, as it may
not be necessary to cut her down at all to
bring her within the 10 per cent limit. It
is probable that the race for the cup will
take place on Saturday, August 24, as
there is a flood tide in the channel all
YACHTSMEN PREPARE FOR
CRUISES AND REGATTAS
Perpetual Cup Race Plans=«San Francisco
Club Dance==-Novel Corinthian Event.
THE SAINT FB.ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 13, 1901.
SPORTS: COURSING, YACHTING, TENNIS, GOLF, ROWING,
4MARKSMEN CROWD SHELL MOUND
Continued From Page Three.
¦ Batteries— Young and Shreck; McPherson,
Bernhard and Powers.
CHICAGO. July 12.— The Chicagos hit both
Hawley and Husting at will and easily won.
Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 14 16 4
Milwaukee 1 6 2
Eatterles— Patterson and Sullivan; Hawley,
Husting and O'Connor.
BALTIMORE, July 12.— Washington won
frcm Baltimore to-day in a slugging match.
Attendance, 19V9. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Baltimore 12 15 5
Washington 14 17 5
Batteries— Xops. Howell and Robinson; Pat
ten, Gear and Clarke.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITT6BURG, July 12.— It was a flght every
inch of the way through the only fourteen
lnnfngr game ever played on the Pittsburgh
grounds. Cross won the game In the four
teenth inning by a long hit to center when the
bases were full. Attendance, 2400. Score:
Clubs— R, H. E.
Plttsburg 2 8 2
Philadelphia 4 12 2
Batteries— Leever and Zimmer; White and
McFarland. Umpire— Emslle.
'CINCINNATI, July 12.— Brooklyn was very
lucky in making hits to-day. Seven .of the visi
tors' runs were made after two men were out.
Attendance, 1500. Score: -
Clubs- R. H. E.
Cincinnati ....6 14 3
Brooklyn 8 15 . *
Batteries — Kewton and Bergen; Donovan and
McGulre. Umpire — Xash.
ST. LOUIS,' July 12.— Matthewson and Powell
had an eleven-Inning battle to-day, and for the
third time this season the St. Louis ' twirler
got the best of the- New Yorker. Attendance,
5000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 5 1
New York 2 4 1
Batteries — Powell and Ryan; Matthewson and
Bowerman. Umpire — Dwyer. t
CHICAGO, July 12.— After having received
three shut-outs at the hands of the Pitteburg
team, the Bostons came here to-day and took
revenge, giving the locals a dose of the same
medicine. Attendance, 300: Score:
Clubs— ' *R. H. E.
Chicago 0 4 6
Boston 7 12' 1
Batteries— Taylor and Kling; Nichols and
Klttrldge. Umpire— O 1 Day.
AMERICAN* LEAGUE.
DETROIT, July 12.— Bad fielding behind'Sie
ver lost to-day's game for the local team. At
tendance, 3500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 5 8 1
Detroit 2 5 5
Batteries — Scott and Wood; Slever and Bue
low. ,
BOSTON, July 12.— Boston finished her pres
ent home series by defeating the Philadelphias
in a sharply played game. Attendance, 4582.
Score:
Clubs— R, H. E.
Boston 5 10 3
Philadelphia 3 7 4
In the Fourteenth * In
ning With Bags Full
Cross Gets a Single
SENSATIONAL
GAME WON BY
PHILADELPHIA
THE COLUMBIA, THE 90-FOOTER THAT WON THE LAST GREAT THREE-CORNERED YACHT RACE FROM
THE DEFENDER CONSTITUTION AND THE INDEPENDENCE. THE LAST NAMED YACHT MADE A SUR
PRISING RACE UNDER GREAT DIFFICULTIES. : :
The officers of Franklin Lodge were In
stalled in the Shiels building by Deputy
J. T. Kidd, with J. J. Cunningham as
grand guide and other grand officers. The
new officers are: C. E. Sheffer, P. M. • R
G. Isenbruck, M. W.; J. T. McMillan. F :
Will J. Beatty, R.; P. J. Dwyer, financier;
J. Nordman, receiver; Otto Klump, G.; S
Hoffman, I. W.. and M. G. Shove, O. W.
After the installation the lodge went In
a body to assist at the installation of. the'
officers of Yerba Buena Lodge by District
Deputy J. Meyers. ,-»
The officers of Hercules Lodge of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen were
installed last night in Franklin Hall by
District Deputy Sharp and a full corps of
grand officers. Those who are to conduct
the affairs of the lodge for the current
term are: I* M. Manzer Jr., past master;
F. T. Kenny, master workman; J. P.
Whitney, foreman; E.. M. Bagley. over
seer; I* M. Manzer Sr., recorder (eighth
term); John Sondag, financier; E. Howe,
receiver (eighth term); H. P. Thomas,
guide; M. J. Curtin, inside watchman; A.
Gunther, outside watchman, and Dr. A. P.
Woodward, medical examiner.
After the installation the retiring past
master was presented with a beautiful
badge of his rank in the order. Then
there were addresses by Supreme Repre
sentative D. S. Hirshberg, District Dep
uty Sharp, M. J. Blackman, president of
the Past Misters' Association, and a num
ber of lesser lights.
Workmen Install Officers.
priate Manner.
Friends of the late Daniel O'Connell, de
siring to ; express in some material way
their appreciation of the deceased poet,
have conceived the praise-worthy idea of
erecting a monument to his memory in
Sausallto, where he lived so long and
where many of his brilliant poems were
written.
The plan originated with and is being
furthered by Charles Rollo Peters, James,
V. Coleman, William Greer Harrison,
Emile Bruguiere and others of those. to
whom the poet endeared himself. The
memorial as designed will consist of a
simple granite seat with approaching
steps. The view from the site which, has
been selected for the monument is com
prehensive and magnificent. The cost of
the memorial will be aboiit $1500, of which
$500 has been subscribed. The remainder
will undoubtedly be immediately forth
coming when friends of the deceased are
apprised 6f the project.
The inscription, in addition to the cus
tomary epitaph, will contain the last poem
written by O'Connell,. entitled "The Cham
ber of Sleep," the opening lines of which
are as follows:
I have a castle of Silence, flanked by a lofty
• keep,
And across the drawbridge lieth the lovely
chamber of sleep:
Its walla are draped with legends woven in
threads of sold —
Legends beloved in dreamland, in the tranquil
days of old. - -. .. a
FBIENDS PLAIT MEMORIAL
TO I>AUTEL O'CONHELX
Monument to Be of Unique Design
and Inscribed in an Appro- '
WIN PURSES
ON EASTERN
RACE TRACKS
Results of a Day's Work
on Several Tracks.
Headwater Is a Winner
CHICAGO, July lZ-Washinetoo Park »tun«
mary:
First race. mile, purse $600— Headwater won.
Beauty Book second. Eva Rice third- Time.
Second race, six furlon'gs. purse $300— Miss
Bennett won. The Rush second, Gonfallon
third. Tlm«. 1:13%.
Third race, five furlongs, purse $600— Julia
Junkin won. Mabel Wlnn second, Ernest Pax
haax third. Time, 1:01 1-5.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards, pursa
J60O— Leo Newell won. Impromptu second, Con
undrum third. Time. 1:01 1-5.
Fifth race, mile and a half furlong, purse
$600 — Brownie Anderson . won, • Laureate second.
Alaska third. Time, 1:48%.
Sixth race, five furlongs, purse $600— Red Tip
won, Doreen second, Jaubert third. Time.
1:05 3-5.
NEW YORK. July 12.— Brighton Beach re
sults:
First race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
Scurry won. Inshot second. Himself third.
Time, 1:431-5.
• Second race, five furlongs— Byrne of Roscco
won. Cast-iron second. Musldora third. Time.
1:03 3-5.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth— Roe Hamp
ton won, Monaxka second. Raffaello third.
Time. 1:43 2-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs, tMt handicap— The
Musketeer won, Isla second. Tower of Candles
third. .Time, 1 :14 1-5.
Fifth" race, five and a half furlongs — Alihert
won. Locket second, April Shower third.
Time, 1:09.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Bold Knight
won. Hammock second. O'Read third. Time.
1:15 4-5.
ST. LOUIS, July 12.— Delmar Park results:
First- race, five furlongs— Lady Brockway
won, --Phonolyte second, Hunter Raine third.
Time. 1:03)4.
Second race, six and a half furlongs. seUlng —
Tobe Paine won. Revoke second. Abe Furst
third. Time. 1:23%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Aegin won, Lee Nutter second, Bandrol third.
Time. .1:14%.
Fourth race, six furlongs — A. T>. Gibson -won,
Maximus second. Sard third. Time, l:14?i.
Fifth race, mile— Ransom won. Belle Simp
son second, Joe Doughty third. Time. 1:43.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling-
Swordsman won. Eugenia S second. La Sparta
third. Time. 1:51.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 12.— Betting'' at the*
track to-day was very heavy. Summary:
First race, six furlongs— Seasong won. Spin
del second. Bill Bohmanson third. Time. 1:154*.
Second race, three and a half furlongs — Jack
won, Abba L second, Don H third. Time.
:41%.
Third race, six furlongs— Rainier won, Tula
second, Sam Green third. Time. 1:15%.
Fourth race, mile — Burdock won. The Butcher
second, Flamero thirJ. Time, 1:43.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — F. M.
Brattain won. Dandy second. Shell Mount
third. Time. :55%.
Sixth race, mile and a quarter over five
hurdles — Auriffera won. Odd Kyes second. Gold
Dust third. Time. 2:20.
DKTROIT, July 12.— The "Windsor Driving
Club closed its races to-day. - Summary:
2:18 pace— Fleet won the second, third . and
fourth heats. Best time. 2:11V&. Mazanilla
won the first heat in 2:09. Gulnette, Thorn
way and Odie also started.
2:10 trotting— Alice Barnes won second, third
and fourth heats. Best time. 2:11%. Dolly
Dillon won first heat in 2:11%. Alice Burn*
and Phoebe Cbllders also started.
BUFFALO, N. T.. July 12.— Fort Erie sum
mary:
First race, six furlongs— Delia Barry won,
Delmarch second. Sailor King third. Time.
1:14%. ?
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Tom Crabb
won J. Patrick second, Taxman third. Time,
1:02%.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Chappaqua won. All Saints second, Dolly Wag
ner third. Time. 1:47%.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs— Paul
Creyton won. The Common second, Dash third.
Time. 1:55V&.
Fifth race, owners' handicap, six furlongs —
Cad Hazel won. Satire second, Fonseda third.
Time. 1:13%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— The Boer
won. Ocie Brooks second, Cogswell third. Time,
1:23%. . -
CINCINNATI, July 12.— After eighty-one
days of racing at the Newport track the
management to-day decided to close down
until October 1. The meeting has been a
losing venture.
Broad Gets Decision.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn.. July 12.— KJd
Broad of Cleveland and Billy Gardner of
Lowell, Mass., met for fifteen rounds at
130 pounds here to-night. Broad forced
the fighting from, the start and In the
last four rounds It looked as though he
would put his man out. As the fight pro
gressed, however, Broad seemed to
weaken and at the last neither man
could hit hard enough to end matters.
The decision was given to Broad.
Cycle Record Broken.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah, July 12.—
Harry A. Gibson of Cincinnati established
a new record for- two miles on an eight
lap track to-night on the Palace track
behind motor pace in 3:23 2-5. The pre
vious record was 3:33, made by Elkes at
Revere Beach a few days ago.
Chefs in charge of banquets of foreign
automobile clubs serve confections in ap
propriate shapes.
The two Shamrocks started on a trial
race at 11:15 a. m. to-day. Off .Bogany
Point the yachts were under jib headed
topsails and a good thirteen-knot breeze
was blowing. Shamrock I then had the
lead by six lengths. She was served with
the better wind as the boats reached'down
the channel,' but outside the wind steadied
and Shamrock II began to overhaul the
older boat.
Off Cumbrae the yachts luffed up and
started on a Ions thresh • to windward
across Kilbrannan Sound. Shamrock I
still led by about two lengths and was
well tp windward. Under jib headers and
jib topsails the boats sailed fast The cup
challenger pointed better and came up
rapidly on the former challenger's
weather quarter. There was not enough
sea to trouble the boats, but the breeze
sufficed to list them well over and test
all their spars and gear.
During four tacks the Shamrock" I kept
the lead, but on the fifth board the chal
lenger assumed command and rounding
the -Erin, after a fifteen-mile run beat to
windward which occupied an hour and
forty-five minutes. The Shamrock II led
by half a minute. The challenger then
hove to and waited till the older boat led
by about a length, and the yachts started
on a run back to Garoch Head. .
The Shamrocks ran to Garones Head on
very level terms and then fetched home In
smoother weather, the Shamrock II open
ing up a lead rapidly. She was two and
a half minutes ahead off Mount Stewart,
when the Shamrock I gave up the race.
The . performance of the cup challenger
was in reality not so satisfactory as the
timing of the yachts would indicate. The
Shamrock I veered widely from the al
lotted course, .owing to Captain Wing's
misunderstanding of the instructions.
Had the challenger covered the same dis
tance as did the Shamrock I the former
would have been badly beaten.
ROTHSAY, Firth of Clyde, July 12.-
New Boat Wins, but the
Race Does Not Satisfy
Followers of Challenger
SHAHROCKS
ARE AT IT
ONCE AGAIN
BASEBALL, EASTERN RACING AND FISHING :SPORTS
NEWPORT, R. I., July 12.— When the
Independence came up into the harbor
after the. race it was found that no one
had been hurt by the accident. When
asked how much time the accident cost
the Independence Captain Haff said that
it was certainly more than the margin
by which she was beaten by the winning
boat. The big club topsail was hanging
and dragging In the water at least twenty
minutes, and then for very nearly six
minutes the Independence lay to in order
to get clear «f the rigging. All this loss
of time, added- to the handicap, caused by
the absence of the big " topsail during
nearly the entire race, was more than
enough to prevent the Independence from
winning." This is the judgment of all' on
board. Mr. Duncan, manager of the Con
stitution, had nothing to say after tho
race in explanation of her defeat by the
Columbia.
The official time of to-day's race fol
lows :
Elapsed Cor'cted
Start. Finish. Time. Time.
Columbia ......11:11:36 2:09:33 2:57:57 2:56:40
Constitution ...11:12:00 2:10:59 2:5S:59 2:58:59
Independence ..11:11:51 2:19:58 3:0S:07 3:07:24
Joseph Roach and Louis Sterker,
boys, are confined in the City
Prison . awaiting the arrival of the
Sheriff from Redwood City, who -will
take them to San Mateo County, to an
swer to the charge of grand larceny. The
boys are accused of stealing a boat from
the Redwood City swamp. A description
of the suspects was telegraphed to lieu
tenant Anderson of .the Seventeenth
street station. He detailed Officers Mc-
Kenna and Fogarty on the case and they
arrested the boys at Valencia and Twen
ty-fifth streets yesterday as they were
on their way home. Roach lives . at 19
Clyde street and Sterker at 79 Harrison
street
"Will Go Back "With the Sheriff.
At the San Francisco Athletic Club.
Friday evening-, July 19, the following
amateur boxers will contest: Kid Attel
vb. Pete Carroll; George Gibbs vs.
John Arrouge; Frank Berry vs. Dick
Cullen. Ed Devlin vs. Jack Hopkins; Rat
Moran vs. Charles Taylor; Honey
O'Leary vs. Pete McGee; Fred Williams
vs. Henry Schilling; Walter Moreno vs.
Cyclone Kelly.
CHICAGO, July 12.— Little and Alexan
der of Princeton, who are champions of
the West In tennis doubles, victoriously
defended their title to-day against Col
lins and Wardner, the two Chicago men,
who won the semi-finals, beating them by
the score of 6-1, 6-2. 6-4. Little and Alex
ander won the match without being hard
pressed and the result was never in doubt.
Little, who won out in the singles, will
meet Collins, the present Western cham
pion, to-morrow In a match for the title.
Amateur Boxing Bouts.
Princeton Hen Win.
The San Francisca "Athletic Club will
give a field day and picnic to-morrow at
Glen Park for the benefit of the Interna
tional Association of Machinists. Valu
able gate and game prizes, games for
young and old, a tug of war between
steam fitters and boiler makers, a prize
dance for the championship of the coast
and four-round boxing bouts will be on
the programme. Games will begin
promptly at 2 o'clock.
Athletic Club Picnic.
Adopt Resolutions Condemning Ac
tion of Pioneers in Offering Ban
croft-"Willey Book for Sale.
The Associated Veterans of the Mexi
can War have entered the lists against
the successful faction of the Society of
California Pioneers. At a meeting last
night they adopted resolutions approving
the stand taken by Major Edwin A. Sher
man and the Sloat Monument Association
concerning the sale of the Bancroft-WIl
ley history, which they regard as vilify
ing the memory of Commodore Sloat.
The Mexican War Veterans also approve
of the intention of the Sloat Monument
Association to publish a history of the
life of Commodore John Drake Sloat.)- : >-.\
Captain C. C. S. Wood of Portland, for
merly of Major General O. O. Howard's
staff and a son of the late Surgeon Gen
eral Wood of the navy, who was the fleet
surgeon of Commodore Sloat's squadron,
recently wrote to Major Sherman as fol
lows:
"You are entirely and Indisputably cor
rect in your defense of Sloat, and it is an
outrage that any defense should be
needed." ' ;:.•/
MEXICAN WAR VETERANS
DEFEND COBLMODOBE SLOAT
The Empire Gun Club has decided to
give another open-to-all two days' holiday
shoot on the club grounds at Alameda
Point on September 8 and 9. The last
tournament given under the auspices of
the organization occurred in 1899 and was
a pronounced success. It is planned that
the prospective shoot shall surpass any
thing of the kind hitherto attempted by
the club. The prizes will be many and
of considerable value. The event will be
one of great interest to marksmen, and
prominent clubs from all over the State
will be in attendance, as well as individual
trapshooters.
Bmpire Gun Club Shoot.
BUTTE, Mont., July 12.— In the presence
of 3000 people to-night John M. Chapman
and C. F. May beat Clem Turyllle and
Artie Bell in a ten-mile motor race, flying
start. The time, 17:25, breaks the world's
record on any saucer track.
Motor Record Broken.
Annual Tennis fleeting.
The annual meeting of the Pacific
States Lawn Tennis Association was held
last evening at the California Tennis
Club. The object of the meeting was to
elect officers for the ensuing year. Sev
eral delegates from the different clubs
wf-re present and elected the following
officers: Dr. Fred J. Lane, president; Kar
ry EL Haight. vice president; Dr. Charles
Sumner Ha dy, secretary and treasurer,
and George Whitney, Robert Whitney,
William B. Collier Jr. and Harold Crow
ell, executive committee.
There will be a meeting of the executive
committee in the near future to arrange
the dates of the differnt tournaments to
be held in August and September. The
committee will also decide what events
will take place. In all probability there
wl.l be a men's singles and doubles, and
women's singles and doubles and also a
mixed doubles.
The whole ten days of the festival will
be one continual period of rejoicing, mer
riment and jollification. There will be
entertainments and receptions in the day
time and concerts and balls In the even
ings. Tuesday will be especially devoted
to the California Pioneers and the Native
Sons. A special reception will be held in
their honor. Wednesday will be "all
people's day" and Thursday will be inter
national day, on which the people of all
nations will be welcomed to the park.
Friday. July 19, will be ladies' day; Satur
day, July 20, California day; Sunday, July
21, singers' and turners' day; Monday,
July 22, German American day, and Tues
day, July 23, closing day.
On each of the above days, while the
contests are in progress there will 5e
dancing and music by Ritzau's band of
soloists. There will be special amuse
ments calculated to please the people in
whose honor the day was set apart. On
Tuesday will occur the event or all events
--the coronation of the shooting king.
The celebration will be fittingly termin
ated by a grand ball and picnic at
Schuetzen Park. \.
In the prize temple, which stands Just
back of the triumphal arch, during the
festival will be displayed the handsome
medals and trophies which have attracted
marksmen from all over the Union.
Around the arch and temple have been
constructed small booths for the accom
modation of the visitors. In this circle
will be held the light and' fantastic
amusements. The dancers and singers
wl»l perform there.
The crowning feature of the whole plan
of decorations is the triumphal arch
through which the procession will march
to-morrow morning and through which
the victors will be conducted to receive
the rewards for the achievements.
ery street, right resting on southeast corner of
New Montgomery and Market streets. ...¦ -•
In honor of the festival Shell Mound
Park has been decked in genuine festal
attire. Flags and buntinc have hung- in
such profusion that they me^t the eye In
all directions until the grounds resemble
a veritable forest of waving colors. For
weeks the park and shooting house have
been in the hands of skilled decorators
and architects.
Los Angeles 3, Oakland 1.
The fastest game on record was playefi
at the Eighth and Harrison streets
grounds yesterday between the Angels and
the X>udes. Nine full Innings consumed just
one tour and fifteen minutes. The first
half of the gam© took up no more than
thirty minutes.
Early In the game Oakland scored a
run by a couple 6f hits, and after that
nothing happened in run-getting for the
Dudes. Way down the list the Angels
pulled themselves together and won.
All this came about in." the eighth, when
Kelly, Jones and Brockhoft crossed, the
rubber on a happy bunching of hits.
Both Hodson and Jones pitched excep
tionally good ball, although their single
off Innings were productive of runs. The
score: -
LOS AXGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Broekhoff. rf 4 1 1 0 1 1-0
Relte. 2b 4 0 10 13 1
Hutchinson, lb.... 4 0 1 0 9 1 0
Householder, cf .... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Bowman. If 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Rellly. Sb 4 0 0 0 3 2 1
Spies, c 10 10 6 0 0
Kelly, ss 110 0 0 2 0
Jones, p 3 1 1 0 1 2 0
Totals 81 3 6 0 27 11 2
' OAKIJIKD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, ef 4 110 3 0 0
Babbitt, Sb 4 0 10 0 2 1
Streib. rf 4 0 10 4 0 0
Eagan. lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Dunleavy., If 3 0 10 3 0 0
Krancke, es 4 0 0 0 8 8 0
Arrellanes. 2b 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Lohman, c 3 0 10 2 2 0
Hodson. p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 32 1 5 0 27 11 1
OCXS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 00000003 0-3
Base hits 0 0100013 0-5
Oakland 10000000 0—1
Base hits 20000101 1—5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Jones 1, Hodson 2.
Two-base hits — Streib, Dunleavy- Sacrifice
hits — Kelly. Dunleavy. First base on errors —
Los Angeles 1. Oakland 2. First base on called
balls — LtOf Angeles 1. IWt on bases — Los An
geles 3, Oakland 5. Struck out— By Hodson 2,
by Jones 5. Time of game— One hour and fif
teen minutes. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer—
McFarMn.
San Francisco "Wins.
SACRAMENTO, July 12.— San Francisco
won out to-day in a quick and snappy
game, the score standing a to 2 in their
favor. Whalen pitched and was accorded
excellent support, while Thomas, who oc
cupied the box for Sacramento, had rag
ged support, as the errors made by Dev
ereaux and Sheehan were all costly. The
latter made a great stop of Krug's hit in
the first inning and this surprised him to
such an extent that he allowed Schwartz
to reach third without making an effort
to tag him. Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. c. f 3 2 10 10 0
Hlldebrand, 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Schwartz. Jb 3 110 5 2 0
Pabsu lb 4 0 10 6 0 0
Krug. b. e 4 1 2 0 8 3 1
Nordyke. r. f 8 12 0 2 0 0
Keilly. 3b 3 0 0 0 10 0
Grsham, c 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Whalen, p J 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 29 5 7 0 27 8 1
SACRAMEXTO.
A"B. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. ¦• « 4 0 12 14 2
McLaughlin. I. t 3 12 2 2 0 0
Courtney. 2b 4 12 12 5 1
lioyle, r. f 5 0 0 0 0 10
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 13 0 0
Stanley, c 4 0 10 10 0
Sheehan. So 4 0 10 3 2 1
McGucken, c. t 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Thomas, p 2 0 0 0 2 5V
Stricklett, p 0 0 0 10 0 0
Totals 32 2 8 6 24 17 4
RU.VS AKD HITS BY IXXINGS.
San Francisco 2 0 0 2 10 0 0 •— 5
Base hits 1 0 0 2 2 10 1 •— 7
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0—2
Base hits 1 0 110 0 0 4 1—8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Whalen 2, Thomas 2.
facrifice hits— Hlldebrand. Courtney. First
Jiape on errors — San Francisco 1. Sacramento 1.
First base on called balls — Whalen 7. Thomas
2. Left on bases — San Francisco 3. Sacramento
11. Struck out— By Thomas 1. Double plays—
Courtney to Devereaux to Hanlon; Thomas to
Hanlon; Devereaux to Courtney to Hanlon;
Hehv.-artz to Pabst. Time of game— 1:35. Cm
i.ire—Graves. Official Scorer— Rutherford.
Angels and Dudes Come
Together and Estab
lish a League Record
PLAYED BALL
THAT HUMMED
FOR SPEED
. Professor '. de •, Science— Statistics .'¦ show
that men are growing, shorter and women
are growing taller. Lady— Not unlikely; I
don't know; of anything that has such a
stretchy effect as hanging on to street car
straps. — New York Weekly. :
While the 'suit was directed against the
Sheriff it was also aimed to set aside
the transfer by Spring of his interest to
his sister. Judge Rhodes to-day, decided
the case in favor of Sheriff Langford.
maintaining that the proper steps had not
been ¦ taken to secure ¦ Mrs. Spring's in
terest in her husband's property after suit
for divorce was commenced.
SAN JOSE, July 12.— Mrs. Emily T.-
Spring has lost her $25,000 damage suit
against Sheriff Longford for disposing of
an alleged interest of her divorced hus
band, H. M. N. - Spring, which she" pur
chased in the firm of Spring & Son in lieu
of delinquent alimony.; As' soon as Mrs.
Spring ' obtained her divorce Spring went
East to get . out of paying her alimony.
Before doing .so he turned over all of his
Interest to his sister, Mrs. Fred Moore.
When the delinquent : alimony reached
$3800, Mrs. .Spring obtained an order from
court directing the Sheriff to sell Spring's
Interest in the store to. pay the amount
due^her, and she bid it In. About this
time" the firm of Spring & Son became de
linquent and the whole store was sold to
creditors, ¦who held claims . amounting to
more ¦ - than > • $40,000. Mrs. Spring then
brought suit against Sheriff Langford for
$25,000 damages : for disposing of her in
terest.
I ycy Special Dispatch to The, Call.
Pails to Get Damages for the
Indirect Loss of Her
EMILY SPRING LOSES
SUIT AGAINST SHERIFF
At the recent trial of Lee Look for
Wing's murder, which resulted in a dis
agreement and intimations of .-perjury on
the part r of witnesses and a .* Juror, the
question whether a bullet from Lee Look's
gun killed ; the man was raised. District
Attorney Campbell then decided to have
the body -exhumed.. ,
A' half-dozen Chinese" engaged In the
shooting. Sixteen wounds were found on
Lee Wing's body. . Horse pistols loaded
with buckshot were used; except by Leo
Look, who had a 44-caliber revolver. Tho
finding of the bullet la regarded as "con
clusive evidence that Lee Look shot Lee .
Wing. - - • .
SAN JOSE, July 12.— All night and up to
4 o'clock this afternoon the remains of
Lee Wing, a victim of Lee Look's gun in
a highbinder war, boiled In a big Iron cal
dron at the Chinese cemetery at Oak Hill
— a j sacrifice to j the law, which sought to
obtain evidence In. the shape, of a bullet
by which It Is hoped to send Lee Look to
the gallows.' A roaring fire was kept
under the pot and Deputy. Sheriffs stood
near to see that there was , no Interfer
ence and that the. morbidly curious were
kept away. 'The remains were boiled-td
shreds, and . the grewsome mass in the
kettle was strained. Fourteen large buck
shot'and one 44-caliber bullet were found.
This latter missile is the evidence sought,
for the bullet Lee Look sent into the
prostraite body of »Lee "Wing, as the offi
cers approached, was from a pistol of that
caliber. ' ' -'¦'-'. '¦
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
Evidence Produced by the
Boiling of Murdered Lee
Wing's Remains.
FOURTEEN BUCKSHOT
AND A PISTOL BULLET
start she sailed with the wreck of her
club topsail trailing astern, while for six
more she was motionless, luffed in the
wind while the crew cleared away the
tangle. All this time the other two yachts
were speeding along under all sail, yet
? '•¦» Independence was beaten only 7 min
i es 42 seconds at the first mark and
sailed the second leg in less time than
either of the other yachts, although they
carried club topsails. In the run. home
the two Bristol boats, under a great press
of sail, beat the Lawson yacht a little
over four minutes in ten miles. This fine
showing of the Independence did not in
any way detract from the Interest In the
contest between the two Herreshoff
yachts. The Columbia was never headed
by the Constitution, but the • new boat
gave the old one a warm contest. The
Columbia had the best of both the
reaches, but the Constitution sailed the
windward leg a minute and a half faster
than the old boat.
The result of the four contests between
these three boats leaves much to be deter
mined, and especially as to their relative
OLD MAN HEROICALLY
SAVES A BOY'S LIFE
Struggles Desperately to Pre
vent a Drowning in the
Mokelumne.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI. July 12.— Only the prompt action
of Robert Deering saved nine-year-old
Earl Galnes from drownjng In Mokelumne
River yesterday. Mr. Deerlng, who Is an
old man, went to the river with a num
ber of boys for a day's fishing and swim
ming. None of the youngsters could swim
and all were warned to keep away from
the deep water. Suddenly one of them
screamed that young. Gaincs was drown
ing, alarming Deeringr Just . as the • boy
was going down for the last time. With
out Btopplng to remove his boots or cloth-
Ing, the old gentleman plunged Into the
deep, swift, stream and went to the
drowning boy's assistance. ,
A struggle ensued. The lad .clasped
Deerlng's right leg and both sank. Deer
lng managed to come up with him and
struggled to reach shore, but the frantic
boy took him down again. Once more
they came up and Deering cried to the
boys on shore to reach him with the long
ttshpole he had been using. Little Earl
Gregg waded into the water, clung tp an
overhanging -willow with 1 one hand and,
extended the. pole with the other, rDeer
lng had Just strength left to grasp the
end of the pole, and young Gregg hauled
him and his charge into shallow water.
Deering staggered ashore and sank ex
hausted'on the sand. The boy recovered
with wonderful rapidity and soon the pro
cession returned to town. Neither Is now
any the worse for his terrible experience.
Sometimes when a man asks for bread
he receives a stone/ and sometimes. when
he asks for a girl's hand he receives her
father's footlnstead.
The race to-day closed the series and
the yachts will not meet again for at
least ten days, the Constitution going to
Bristol, the Columbia to New York and
the Independence probably to New Lon
don. After the four events under the
Newport Yacht Racing Association the
Constitution won the first two in light
airs, beating the other yachts by a large
margin, while the Columbia won the last
two in close. finishes with the new Bristol
yacht. The Independence has lost In every
race, although quite near the other two
yachts in the last two contests.
The accident to the Independence oc
curred within two minutes after the start,
the preventer backstay breaking near the
cleat, so that the topmast, with no sup
port, broke short • oft! at the mast end.
Fortunately none of the mainsail halyards
on the stays for the headsails were af
fected, so that after the wreck was
cleared away the yacht was able to keep
en.
merits in anything except light airs. To
day's race ¦was sailed in a fliteen-knot
wind, the northeaster to-day being much
stronger than the southwester of yester
day.
TUli SAN FK ANC1SUO ; C ALL, S AT U K D AY, »J U L Y 13. 19OI.
Independence Loses Her Topmast, but flakes a Superb
" and Gallant Finish.
COLUMBIA AGAIN WINS GREAT
THREE=CORNERED YACHT RACE
NEWPORT,, R. I./ July 12— The Co
lumbia • ag-ain ' defeated the Con
stitution. In to-day's race , by a
; .margin in corrected time of 2 min
. " utes 19 seconds, the Independence
being once more last, after losing her top
mast at the very start.- The Boston yacht,
however, sailed such a remarkably plucky
race after being short of her top gear
that It is generally believed here that slvs
would have -Won to-day's race. but for the .
accident. For twenty; minutes* after the
5
SUNDAY'S
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ OOOOOOOOOOO
ARE THE SAN FRANCISCO'S
JAPANESE LOSING THEIR TALLEST POLICEMAN -AND
PERSONALITY? ft| HIS ROMANCE.
00000000000000000000000000000 6 00000 o'oToTe 00000 00000000 oo'o
°2£2££2£22£2£££12£°°2£»°ooo 00000000000000000000000000000
SOME ft THE LATEST
CALIFORNIA ffl7D N fyn SM FAD
BUTTERFLIES. niPflOlIMl m sm^
' OF =__=_
EASY LESSONS VALUE THE
m m house
SWIMMING. U V BEAUTIFUL
By Alice Cavill. j MEDICINE? By Kate fiwcnlcat Locke
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OmOO^OOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOoooooo 0 o 000000oeooo
HOME OF KERAMIC ART MARIA HP ORPHANAGE
IN SAN FRANCISCO. AND ITS MISSION. ?
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
00 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOQ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo o(Tol><^oo'6o6'o~6o'o'6o'6'oo^o7o7KVce
" > ooi"'00'""">r>oooooooooooooooooo 00 00000000000000000000000000 o
¦ . . . - ,^ ..0T4f e -^^^^ (ft&iU
SATURDAY .......... JULY *3, iQQi
ejOHNJXj>PRECKE^^
•e«i All CommniiieatioM to W. 8. LEASE. : Manager.
,,...,..»BR'S OFFICE Telephone Pr J^J^
PUBLICATION* OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 2O1. . .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered toy Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copien. 5 Cent*. - '
. Terms by Mail. Including: , Postage 1 . ,.;
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year *«M
DAILY CALL Oncludins Sunday). « months , •- S- M
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). J months..... ...1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month « % «
SUNDAY CALL. One Year. " I" 6 ?
•WEEKLY CALL. One Year ;,*-«¦
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Eampl; copies -will, be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O A KL A \D OFFICE X118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Ku&ger Foreign Advertising, Mirqnette Building. Chicago.
<Lonr Distance Telephone "Central 2619-")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEFHE5 B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A- Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL
BRAXCIT OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner- of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open Jintll
»:» o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Filimore. open until 9 p. m.
"TELLER" OF THE TELEPHONE NEWS OP BUDAPEST ENGAGED IN IMPARTING THE DAY'S NEWS TO
MORE THAN SIX THOUSAND SUBSCRIBERS OF THE UNIQUE JOURNAL, WHICH HAS A STAFF OF RE
PORTERS LIKE ORDINARY NEWSPAPERS.
The' report that Andrew Carnegie is suffering from
indigestion is not surprising. It has been pretty gen
erally known that he bit off a good deal more than he
can get away with. .•'¦.-';
.Bryan says he still stands on the Chicago platform,
but the Ohio Democrats have dropped the platform.
¦Now, /where is Bryan? •
The whole agitation appears to be the result of a
misunderstanding of the purposes of the commission
ers and the right uses of the valley for the enjoyment
of human beings. If it be permissible for men to visit
Yosemite. then it is permissible for them to have
lights and roads, and if they are to have such things,
then pumping plants and electric dynamos .are essen
tial. Either, therefore, we should provide such thing's
or e!se shut men and women out of the* valley alto
gether. .
One of the points of which the antagonists of the
electric plant make the most is that when the plant
is established it will be possible for the commissioners
at some time to turn an electric flashlight upon El
Capstan or Yosemite Falls. Such a thing, they declare,
would certainly be desecration. It would not be easy,
however, for any of them to specify how a flash of
light would injure either the mountain or the water.
As a matter of fact, such a plant as can be provided
with the appropriation at their disposal will hardly
furnish the commissioners with any large amount of
power to throw away in making flashlight illumina
tions. It is safe to say they could not, if they would,
make the valley look like a New York roof garden.
All assertions of that kind are utterly unjustified
and uncalled for. At the last session of the Legisla
ture an appropriation was made for a pumping plant
and an electric light system. Those conveniences of
modern life are necessary for human comfort. The
roads must be sprinkled and the hotd'and houses
must be lighted, and the best way to accomplish those
things is to make use of the best appliances for such
purposes that the ingenuity of civilized man has
devised.
By some strange freak of misunderstanding, the
people who are protesting against the electric plant
have got it into their minds that the commissioners
purposed to string electric lights up the cliffs and
down the falls and across every salient point of the
vast landscape so as to make the valley resplendent as
a midway. Just how such a scheme could be carried
out they admit they cannot understand, for the cost of
it would be enormous, even if the difficulties could be
overcome. Such considerations should convince the
angry protestors that it cannot be the purpose of the
commissioners to undertake such a scheme, but evi
dently they have been too much excited to think calmly
on the subject. One of them is reported as saying:
"Just fanc3% with the machinery once installed, what,
commercial commissioners could accomplish with the
everlasting power there is at hand. I can see the
name and face of some ambitious Governor outlined
in incandescents on one of the domes."
Rarely has there been in this State a more striking
illustration of much ado about nothing. An electric
light and power* plant in the valley will not be a dese
cration any more than the lighting of a camp fire or a
tallow candle. Nature does not supply man with any
light by night except that given by the stars and the
moon, and when he provides himself with any other,
he introduces artificiality. An electric light differs
from the light of a candle only in the degree of the art
exercised. It will be conceded by every sane man that
since there is a hotel in the valley, and since numbers
of people congregate there, it is necessary to supply
them with some kind of light, and in this age of the
world it would be folly to insist upon the tallow candle
or the oil lamp.
BECAUSE the Yosemite Commissioners have
taken steps toward establishing an electric light
plant in the valley, certain members of the
Sierra Club have beeu moved to protest. They de
clare in effect that electric lights in the wonderful
valley would be in the manner of vandalism, a species
of sacrilege, a blasphemy against nature. They have
set in motion a sort of agitation against the plans "of
the commissioners, and are appealing to the public to
support them in their efforts to prevent what they
are pleased to call a desecration of that sublime
scenery.
LIGHTS IN YOSEMITE.
FOR several months Spain has been the scene
of riot and'violence. The outbreaks have been
in all parts of the kingdom and have been an
expression of feeling against the clerical and civil
establishments alike. In many 'instances the troops
and police have shown sympathy with the rioters,
among whom are many students**and people of the
better class.
Looked at from the point of view taken by those
who control the Spanish monarchy, this condition of
tumult is indicative of decay. But this view is wrong.
It merely means that the system which has drained
Spain of her life and energy is in decay and the sooner
it is ended the better. It is the method of thought
and national mood inspired by her days of empire that
are in decay. It is Philip's boast, "I am the richest
baptized man on earth; the sun never sets on my
empire," that is being forgotten. It is the shadow
passing with the substance of empire. The Spain of
the Cid passed long ago, and the pretense that it
existed was satirized by Cervantes. A mistake, has
been made by attacking the Spanish people. They are
of excellent traits, high character and desirable qual
ities. Those of Spanish blood among us are as desir
able citizens as we have. The people who make up
the twenty millions of Spain have in them great
capacities. This is proved by trie patience, cheerful
ness and industry with which they have -borne the
burdens of misrule, and served as the foundation of a
system of florid pretense, fuss, feathers and folly in,
government.
Such a people does not deserve Lord • Salisbury's
slur about a dying nation. The Spanish monarchy'is
not the nation. The toplofty traditions of the nobility
are not the nation. The boasts of Charles and Philip
are not the nation. The millions of great and toiling
people arc Spain. That they are getting ready to
move forward is proved by the civil disturbances
which are the only means they have for manifesting
that their patience is at end and their powerjs begin
ning. No one expects that they will leap from the
ground into self-government. A constitutional.mon
archy may be better for them now, but it must rid
them of all forms of oppression, permit them more
general education, give. them more of the fruits of
their industry, more voice in the government and a
DISTURBED SPAIN.
OF all the Fourth of July orations delivered 'in
the South this year, only two have received
much attention from the press. One of these
is the address made by Senator McLaurin, represent
ing the progressive element of the Southern people,
and the other that of the Hon. Fleming G. du
Bignon of Georgia, representing Bourbonism. Each
in its way appears, from the reports, to have been an
excellent address so far as form and language go, but
judged by the sentiments to which they appeal the
title of excellent can be awarded only to that of Sen
ator McLaurin. '
The policy advocated by the junior Senator from
South Carolina is now fairly well understood by the
people. In the Senate he has refused to be bound by
the Bourbons of any section of the country, and during
the last session of Congress voted with the Repub
licans on many important issues. Since that time he
has repeatedly in public addresses urged the Southern
people to ally themselves with the progressive forces
of the nation and not to stand aside in sectional stag
nation forever. His Fourth of July speech was in line
with that .policy. "We must go forward," he said,
"and meet the "grave responsibilities of the future."
That 'was the keynote of the whole. From, first to
last it was a' call to the South to move with the nation
in the upward and onward path of progress.
Mr. du Bigrton had another doctrine to preach. He
is reported to have said that in the agitation of new
issues in the nation bis greatest concern is "lest the
Southern people should become divided among them
selves;" and he went on to say: "With the people of
the South there is one problem which overshadows all
the rest, and to my mind it is, as has been well said,
like the pestilence thatwalketh in darkness and the
destruction that wasteth at noon day. ¦ * * * Until
this menace is removed the white people of the South
cannot afford to divide among themselves no matter
how widely they may differ upon economic issues or
national policies."
Such are the two voices that are now appealing to
the intelligence and to the conservatism of the South.
The one points to the splendid prosperity that may be
realized by going forward, while the other stands halt
ing and hesitating before fantastic phantoms of Bour
bon terror. The issue thus raised is not of yesterday
nor of to-day. The same voices have been appealing
to the Southern people for many, a year. • In the past
the voice of Bqurbonism has prevailed, but there is
now hope that the other will be heeded.- It is
significant that the men who are now speaking for
progress in the South are not subjected to social
ostracism as they were some years ago. The Southern
people have at least learned to listen with j patience,
and that in itself is promise of good to come.
VOICES FROM THE SOUTH.
FORGETFUL DEMOCRATS.
OF all the things put into the platform by the
Ohio Democrats not one is half so conspicu
ous as the thing they did not put in. The
omission of any reference to the national platforms
adopted at Chicago in 1896 and at Kansas City in 1900
constitutes the really salient feature of the new declar
ation of principles. Bryan was ignored and Bryanism
eliminated. That is the kind of platform agreed upon
•by the McLean conservatives and the Tom Johnson
radicals, for we are told that the two factions com-*
promised upon an agreement that. the. McLean men
should formulate the national planks and the Johnson
men the State issues. They made up their platform in
that way and left Bryan out. .
Secretary Walsh of the Democratic National Com
mittee, who was present at the convention, is reported
to have said of it: "If by reorganization is meant the
turning down of men and principles heretofore recog
nized as Democratic, there will be none of it, but there
is liable to be a lot of forgetting." _
That then^is the new name to give to the revolt
against Bryan. He is not to be turned down, he is
only to be forgotten. His platform is to share his
fate. His policy of fusion with Populism falls also into
oblivion. All those things and all that they imply are to
be passed over to the domain of forgetfulness.
The new phrase naturally raises the question as to
who is to do the forgetting. Bryan himself can hardly
forget that he has twice been a candidate for the
Presidency,' and is still young enough to run two or
three times ' more. The Populists who entered the
Democratic party under his leadership will also retain
certain memories that make it hardly possible for
them to keep company with' those who are bent on
forgetting everything that has taken place since .1896.
Finally there are the ardent Bryan worshipers in the
ranks of Democracy itself, the men who believe in
free silver, right or wrong,. at 16 tog. What if Bryan,
with all the Populists and Bryanites at his back,
should insist on remembering and being remembered?
Even if they succeed in evading;the Bryanites and
the Populists, the 'forgetful Democrats would still
have to face the great mass of people who have good
memories in politics, and. who are not likely to forget
what has happened whenever Democracy is in power,
nor what would have happened had it been intrusted
with power either in 1896 or in 1900. Moreover, it is
evident that the remembrance isgoingto be kept fresh
in their minds during this very Ohio campaign, for in
his speech at the opening of the Republican State
Convention Senator Foraker said: ,
"The Democratic party came into power. Prosper
ity vanished, and four years of disaster followed. The
soil was as rich, the sunshine was as warm, the rains
were as abundant, the seasons were as regular, and
labor was as eager, but it was all in vain. The Demo
cratic party was at the helm. Free trade was in the
saddle, and capital went into hiding; the mills stopped,
the mines closed and idleness, want, suffering, tramps
and riots spread over the land. Commerce waned, the
balances of trade turned against us, revenues declined,
deficits occurred and multiplied until they amounted to
hundreds of millions."
Taking all those things together, it will be seen
that the forgetful section of the Democratic party
is going to have a hard time of it.. In the face of
reminders at home and reminders abroad, they will be
forced at last to remember what they are arid who
they are; and then will come a recognition of the
necessity of turning somebody down. It may, how
ever, come to the forgetful ones too late, so that when
the turning down process occurs it will be the Bryan
ites who do the turning. ¦ y
better chance in life. If it "do-not give them these the
indications are that they will take them, and more. ;•
Let^the: world note Spain. Some history will.be
made there during the next few months.
ADVERTISING THE STATE.
IN his address to the State Board of Trade descrip
tive of the California exhibit at the Buffalo Exposi
tion, William H. Mills made several suggestions of
great value. No man in the State has made a more pro
found study of its resources, its internal economy, and
also of the state of mind and point of view of the people
who may be induced to immigrate here. Mr. Mills is
convinced that it is not useful to present California to
the intending immigrant in terms of California ex
pression, but in terms familiar to the immigrant. It is
like reducing foreign coins and weights and measures
to expression in our own coins and weights and meas
ures. Talk to an East Indian about dollars and
pounds and he does not comprehend, but reduce them
to annas, rupees and piculs and he understands at
once.
We want an access of farmers to our population.
They are familiar with conditions in their own coun
try. They know that an immense crop of what they
raise there means a fall in prices. So when we make a
quantitative statement of our crops here, taking pains
to trace the benign and fructifying influence of our
soil and climate forward into the abnormal fruitful
ness of our fields and vineyards, the Eastern man, in
stead of being attracted,' is repelled. He goes back to
some seven fat years/in his experience when his lush
crops did not bring as much as in the lean years, and
he is shy of a country that is represented to him as a
continuous Mardi Gras.
Now, we Californians are accustomed to talk in size.
It is a big State, bordered by a big ocean and a big
mountain range, was settled by big men, and has done
big things. Therefore, how natural that we talk in
terms of bulk, quantity, size. And the talk is all true,
but it does not impress the people whom we want.
With them size, bulk, quantity are associated with
states and conditions not conducive always to pros
perity, and men change their location only to better
their condition. Of course, with us quantity is not
associated with the conditions which make it repellent
elsewhere, but that has "to be shown by a long and
elaborate explanation, and by statistics which are fatal
to the zeal of an intending immigrant.
Mr. Mills finds at the Buffalo Exposition that it- is
the element of quality and not quantity that attracts.
When a man sees the fine wheat of Sutter and Yuba,
the barley of Salinas, the raisins of- Fresno, the fine,
clean oranges of Butte, the deciduous fruits of Placer,
the prunes of Santa Clara, the apricots of Solano, the
dates of Yolo, the grapes of Napa, the wines of Sono
ma, the nectarines of Tulare, the olives of Santa Bar
bara, and is given to understand that these represent
the products and the productive resources and capacity
of the whole State, an impression is made upon him
which requires no index, statistics, ground plan and
front elevation to explain. It is not necessary to talk
to him in terms of size. Let him see the quality. He
knows the average price of these products in the East,
for he is a buyer. Let him figure out for himself the
problem of production and price, and no explanation
is needed.
Considered in their nature and quality, our products
are an exhibit of our climate. The orange, raisin, fig
and date, the olive and grape are to all the world an
impression of luxury and of clemency of climate. We
want people who are seeking both.
The pre-eminence of this State in horticulture is
shown in Buffalo, where our exhibit in that line ex
ceeds all that is shown by the rest of the three Amer
icas. So marked is this pre-eminence that the horti
cultural building has come to be known as "the Cali
fornia building," because we occupy so much of it.
' The conclusions reached by Mr. Mill's require t'hat
the rest of the State adopt the persistent and enter
prising methods which have so firmly seated Southern
California in the world's fancy. The semi-tropical
fruits produced here, as we all know, are produced
clear to the foot of Mount Shasta. They are common
to the whole length of the State, and of equal quality,
and equal ease of production. Yet their persistent
advertisement in connection with Southern California
has convinced a majority of Eastern people that, they
grow only there, and that therefore that section of the
State must be sought for climatic advantages. In the
north we have rested too content upon our commer
cial and productive' supremacy, too satisfied with
knowing it ourselves and too much inclined to brag
about the size of it all.
Let us now tell more about what we produce, and
where, and how, and let size and quantity take care of
themselves.
The reports from Buffalo indicate that great advan
tages may be expected from our exhibit there, and the
press and ether means of advertising the State should
be made use" of in the. vast crowds that will resort
there after the Eastern harvest is over.
Nesrlect of the hair brings baldness. Us»
Parker's Hair Balsam and save your hair.
Illndercorns, th« beat cure, for corns. 15 cU.
Stop Dlarrhae and Stomach Cramp*. Dr.
Slegert's Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.'
Chicago and Return $72.50.
On sale July 20 and , a, the Union Pacific
Railroad will sell round trip tickets to Chi
cago, good for 60 days, at rate of $72 50. D W
Hitchcock, General Agent. 1 Montgomery st.
San Francisco.
Cheap Hates for Epworth Leaguers
and Their Friends.
The Santa Fe will sell low rate tlcketa to
all points July 12 to August 15 Inclusive to
holders of Epworth League tickets and friends
accompanying them. Call at Santa Fe office.
Ml Market street, or ferry depot.
Best Way to the Yossmlte.
The Santa Fa to Merced and stazo thenca
via Merced Fails. Coulterrille. Hazel Green.
Merced Bis Trees, Cascade Falls and BriJal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 tha
next afternoon. This is the most popular routa
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Grand Canyon Excursion.
On July. 22d a special excursion rate of 140
for the round trip, San Francisco to the Grand
Canyon of Arizona, will be made. Leaving San
Francisco at 8 p. m. on the 22d, you reach the
Canyon for supper the 23d. No other sight in
comparable to this, the grandest of nature's
marvels. Ask at 641 Market street, the Santa
Fe office, about It.
For Vermont the enumerators report 33,
100 farms: in 18S0 there were 35,522, and In
1890. 32,573. The number of farms in 190)
was 52 in excess of that of 1S90, and 2413
less than in 18S0.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Best eyeglases, specs, 10 to 40c. Look out
for 81 Fourth, front of barber & grocery. 0
Choice candies, Townsead's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend's.*
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM at Hall
ways. Office— 30 Montsoa.«nr streeC •
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TEN DOLLAR PIECE— L. F., Melltta.
"Cal. A ten dollar piece of 1847 is not one
of those for which dealers offer a pre
mium.
CITY OF GLASGOW-E. H. H. H..
Napa, Cal. The city of Glasgow, Scotland,
has municipalized all the common services
except the cemeteries.
NAVAL WARFARE— R. W. G.. Ala
meda, Cal. It was Captain Mahan, U. S.
N., whose works on "Naval Warfare" at
tracted attention in all parts of the world.
CANART BIRDS— Subscriber, City. G.
H. Holden, who for many years was a
bird fancier on an extensive scale, is au
thority for the statement that German
canaries are the best songsters. They are
the Campanini canaries.
A GOLD PIECE— E. H.. City. A five
dollar piece of the United States of the
date 1843 does not command a premium.
This department has, on a number of oc
casions, announced that no premium is
offered for coins of that denomination is
sued after 1834.
JACK, QUEEN AND TENS-J. B. K.,
Monterey, Cal. In crlbbage, jack, queen
and three tens, with the jack turned up,
counts 15. There are three runs of three,
which make nine, and six for the three
tens, making fifteen. Twenty-nine is the
highest that can be made in crib.
OCEAN DEPTHS-T., City. The great
est depth in tho Pacific ocean Is northeast
of Japan — 4655 fathoms — and the greatest
In the Atlantic Is north of Porto Rico — '
4561 fathoms. The greatest depth with a
dredge in the Pacific ocean was that let
down by the Challenger, 3125 fathoms.
EMERGENCY HOSPITAL-A. O. S.,
City. The rule at the emergency hospi
tals of San Francisco is that after a pa
tient has been taken there he is not re
moved to his home or that of friends in
any conveyance under the control of the
hospital department, but if .removed, it is
at the expense of those who so remove
him. "
IMMIGRATION-S. J. B.. City. Until
the figures are given by the census bu
reau it will be impossible to state the ex
act ( ,immigration'"from Germany and Ire
land to the United States in the past ten
years, but from figures furnished by Mul
hall and others it appears that the greater
number of immigrants came from Ger
many during that period.
; MACE AND HEENAN-R. M. B.. Gold
en Gate.' Cal. Jem Mace, the prize-fighter,
was whipped by Tom King in a match for
four hundred pounds sterling and the
championship of England, at Thames Ha
ven. England.' November 26, 1862, twenty
one rounds in 33 minutes.
John C. Heenan, "the Benlcla Boy," was
whipped after his fight with Tom Sayers.
which took place April 17. 1860. He was
whipped by Tom King in a match for two
thousand pounds sterling, in twenty-four
rounds, in 33 minutes, at Wardhurst, Eng
land, December 10, 1863.
DRILLING— Hayes Street. City. The
drillers' contest during the Midwinter Fair
was on Miner's day. The rock was gran
ite and the time limit fifteen minutes.
Those who entered the single-hand drill
were J. J. Coan, T. J. Ahem and E. F.
Durham of Grass Valley; C. J. Martin
of Amador: A. Phillips of Sutter Creek,
and B. F. McGowan of Silver Creek, N. M.
Durham won the first prize, having drilled
19 31-32 inches, and the second prize went
to Ahem, who drilled 19 9-16. In the two
handed contest . Sam Harvey and John
Kltto of Amador won the first prize, with
a record of 30 21-32, and P. Feeney and
Jerry Lynch of Cyprus Valley, with a rec
ord of 27 5-32.
BIG TRADE TRIP.
The expedition will aim to carry sam
ples of Austro-Hungarian manufactures,
to exhibit them in suitable '¦ places and ' to
take; orders; to collect sampTes ¦ and price
lists of salable articles abroad and submit
them to i manufacturers • in r Austria-Hun
gary interested in such articles; to extend
the relations with transoceanic firms be
gun during the first Austro-Hungarian ex
pedition in 189D-19O0,' and possibly start its
own commercial establishments.
The expedition is to start in June, stop
ping on its way in New York and in San
Francisco, and make, exhibits at the fol
lowing places: • In Japan at Yokohama,
Kobe and Nagasaki; in China at Tientsin,
Shanghai, Canton and Hongkong;' in
Siam at Bangkok; in .-the -Straits Settle
ments at Singapore and Penang; In Su
matra at Medan-Dell, Palembang, Padang
and Kota-Radjo ; in Burma at < Rangoon ;
in India at Calcutta, Madras and Colom
bo, and, farther on, at Aden, Suez and
Port Said. . .", ' . . •
Consul General Carl Bally Hurst writes
from Vienna that under colonial auspices
an "Austro-Hungarlan. commercial expe-*
ditlon to Eastern Asia" is about to be
taken around the world. This expedition
has been very carefully organized and is
under the leadership of an Austrian mer
chant who has resided many years in the
Orient. The expedition receives no gov
ernmental or other subsidy, and Is under
taken on a business basis, calculated to
render the enterprise a financial success.
This is the second venture of the kind
made under the same management, and
as the first was profitable this expedition,
improved in equipment and traveling far
ther afield, bids fair to bring In substan
tial material returns for the participants
and to open up for Austria-Hungary mar
kets where this country is now unrepre
sented, as well as to introduce goods into
lands where Austro-Hungarian x agencies
already exist but where other countries
have a monopoly. , . .. .-._;|
Among the several State's and Territo
ries Oklahoma shows the largest percent
age of increase, according to '.the census
of 1900. • . ; .1
J. G. Scott of Agnews is at the Califor
nia.
Dr. Paul Cohen of Vienna is at the Pal
ace.
Dr. M. Hitt of Los Angeles is at the
Palace.
Captain Ccudock of the royal navy la
at the Occidental.
W. B, Spaldlng. a lumber man of VI
salia, Is at" the Lick.
Frank Mattison is registered at "the
Grand from Santa Cruz.
"W. O. B,lasingame, a j horseman of
Fresno, is at the Grand.
Prince Poniatowskl is registered at the
Palace from Burlingame.
"W. B. Bartholomew, a manufacturer of
hardware supplies, is at the Palace, reg
istered from East Orange, N. J.
General A. W. Barrett is registered at
the California. He has Just come from
the south, where he has. been spending a
vacation. .
Edward W. Byrn, the author of "Prog
ress of Invention In the Nineteenth Cen
tury" and for twenty-seven years patent
expert at Washington, is at the Grand.
John P. Dooner of New York, Superin
tendent of Buildings and a prominent poli
tician of Gotham, is at the Palace. He is
making a tour of this coast, and before
returning to New York he will visit every
place of interest in California. He will
spend a few days in San Francisco and
will then start south. He is accompanied
by his sons.
PERSONAL MENTION.
George Berg of Panoche is at the Grand.
One editor, four assistant editors, nine reporters and a num
ber of "tellers" compose the staff of the paper. News is col
lected in the usual way,' and is written out by the reporters,
passed by the assistant editors, and finally Initialed by the edi
tor. Then it is handed In to the "teller," who speaks it over
the wires.
The telephone newspaper does not escape libel actions. It
has had four and won them all.
There are two Sunday "issues," a&' well as many "editions"
BUDAPEST has the most singular newspaper in the world.
It is called the Telefon-Hismondo, or Telephone News.
For eight years this venture has been in working or
der, arid it is a great financial success. There are 620O
subscribers, who at regular stated intervals receive the
news of the day "hot" from all over the world while sitting
comfortably at home. The subscribers take up at a certain
time of day their telephone receivers and listen . to the news
which is spoken to them all simultaneously by a "teller" in the
newspaper office. Advertisements are heard In the same way.
you cannot skip the advertisements in the telephone newspaper,
for they are artfully sandwiched by the teller between exciting
pieces of news, and you are bound to listen for fear of missing
anything.
during the secular days of the week.
Aggrieved subscribers dissatisfied with the editorial policy
of the paper sometimes wish to stop their connection with It.
but this is not done easily. In the first place, instruments have
been installed in the house, and security given for a year's sub
scription, and some time must elapse before the receivers can
be removed. The subscriber may decline to listen to the news,
but the maddening bell will nevertheless continue to ring him
up at the customary intervals.
The penny-in-the-slot. system is being tried in connection
with the newspaper, so that soon any one in Budapest will be
able to have "pennorths" of news doled out to them.
This novel and interesting enterprise was started, about
eight years ago by Theodore Buschgasch, who had been inter
ested In electricity and had patented some inventions. Busch
gasch died In 1S93, and the present efficiency of the paper in all
that pertains to its technique is largely due to Emil von
Bzveties, who is known on the staff as technical director. Hi9
skill and energy have produced great results. The concern is
owned by a stock company with a capital of about $250,000.
At first some difficulty was experienced in hearing the new*
clearly over the telephone— a difficulty which telephone sub
scribers in other countries experience in ordinary conversations
— but a simple Invention soon disposed of this obstacle.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Teacher, teacher!" said little Richard.
"Well, what is It?" •
"Didn't you say yesterday that the
world was kept in place by the force
of gravity?"
"Yes, the attraction of the sun keeps
the world moving in a regular orbit."
"Then somebody's been stringin' my pa
again. He said last night that It was J.
Pierpont Morgan."— Chicago Record-Her
ald.
Visitor— Why do the residents of this
town keep so many dogs?
Mr. Suburb — For protection. They are
cheaper than police.
Visitor— But dogs are dangerous to In
offensive persons.
Mr. Suburt) — And so are police. — N T.
"Weekly.
Aunt Emma— "Vfrell, Mary. I haven't
seen you for a long time. I hear that you
have a little sister at your house. I sup
pose she cries sometimes.
Little Mary— Cries? Well, I should say
she does! Why, I never saw any one
that seemed to look on the dark side of
things as she does!— Puck.
"Oh, no: she's not at all what you would
call a really feminine woman. She affects
masculine ways."
"How?"
"Well, for Instance, yesterday I saw her
give a streetcar conductor a nickel when
she. had five pennies in her purse." — Chi
cago Post.
WORLD'S QUEEREST NEWSPAPER
IS IN THE CITY OF BUDAPEST
THE SAN FRANGISCO: CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 13, 1901.
6
Call subscribers contemplating a change «*
residence during the summer months can have)
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This pa,.cr will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent la
all tOTTBS on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Under Two Flags."
Alcazar— "The School for Scandal."
Grand Opera-house — "Secret Service."
Central— "Held by the Enemy."
Tivoll— "Babes In the Wood."'
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
*venlns.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Recreation Park— Baseball, Sunday, at 10:30 a. m.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— French National Celebration.
Sunday, July 14.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.Of the 1500 convicts In Tennessee twen
ty-two claim to be college graduates.
TACOMA, July 13.— A panto on a scow
carrying 230 excursionists of the Mason
Methodist Mission and the Tracy Presby
terian Mission of Tacoma nearly result
ed In a dread calamity last night In tha
waters of «Pug«t Sound, oft Point Defi
ance. The party had gone out In tow of
the steamer Norwood to picnic grounds
near Olalla, but a light tug was sent to
bring the barge home in the evening*.
Lack of . enough water prevented towlns
the barge alongside and tho effort was
made to tow It with a line. The water
dashed over the side of the scow, creat
ing a panic among the women and chil
dren, which was increased when the- scow
was cut adrift. Later ¦ the tug
came alongside and many of the cold and
frightened people clambered aboard,
reaching Tacoma shortly before midnight.
Panic on Excursion Sco-w.
We have every good make of fountain
pens, inks, typewriter and carbon papers,
pencils, blank and memorandum books, le
gal blanks, writing tablets, papeterles and
ream papers and envelopes. We make a
epeclalty of printing and engraving visit
ing cards. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. : *,-' >•'!
Don't Stop "Writing".
and county high schools and thus bring more
advanced education to rural communities.
The State should support and control Insti
tutions whose object Is the preparation of
teachers for the public schools.
No one should be placed In charge of a school
who has not been previously trained for the
work of teaching.
We believe that the standards for school
architecture, including the proper seating,
lighting, ventilation and ornamentation of pub
lic school buildings, should be as definite as
the standards for teaching.
"Higher Education" was the topic of
the morning session. President Charles
F. Thwine of Western Reserve "Univer
sity, Cleveland, Ohio, discussed "The
Functions of a University in a Popular
Democracy." F. B. Fulton, president of
the University of Mississippi, read a pa
per on "Federal and State Interest in
Higher Education."
National Commissioner of Education W.
T. Harris read the last paper of the mornr
ing session, on the recent growth of pub
lic high schools In the United States af
fecting the attendance at colleges. The
papers were discussed by- William H.
Smiley of Denver and James Russell Par
sons Jr. of Albany. N. Y.
The last sessions of the National Coun
cil of Education departments of element
ary education, higher education, normal
Bchools, business education, science in
struction, library and deaf and dumb and
feeble-minded Instruction were held this
afternoon. Before the department of sci
ence instruction Joseph Carter of Cham
paign. 111., read a paper on "Agriculture
as a Science for the Elementary Schools."
"How Shall Children Be Led to Love Good
Books?" was the topic of a paper read by
Miss Isabel Lawrence of St. Cloud, Minn.,
before the library department.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 12*— Miss Alice
Taber of Alameda narrowly escaped death
while wheeling /down Carmel Hill near
old Monterey to-day. She lost control of
her wheel and was thrown violently- to the
ground, striking on her head and sustain
ing a number of bad cuts and bruises.
Some Japanese picked her up and brought
her to Monterey, where her wounds were
given attention. , Her physicians appre
hend no serious results.
Fair Cyclist Injured.
The association watches with deep interest
the solution of the problem of consolidating
rural rrhoolR an3 transporting pupils at the
public expense, now attempted in many of our
i^afllng States. We believe that this movement
will lead to the establishment of townships
Our system of education will not be wholly
free until every grade of echool from the
kindergarten to and Including the university
«;hall be oj>en to every boy and girl of our
oountrv.
The liberality of men of wealth in making
large donations to Institutions of learning is
to be strongly commended and encouraged.
The public nchool pystem of a State should
be a unit from the kindergarten to and In
cluding the university, -and all private insti
tutions should endeavor to work in harmony
with the ideals cf public education so far as
their special purpose will permit them.
Legislation with respect to public education
must not wait for public sentiment. It should
lead public sentiment when necessary. School
legislation should be under the general direc
tion of educational experts.
The association recognises the principle that
the child has the came right to be protected
by law from Ignorance as from abuse, neglect
and hungfr; and it, therefore, records with
approval that many of the leading States of
the Union have compulsory law« upon their
statute books.
While many cities have at least partly solved
the problem of school (supervision, in most
rural communities the problem is almost wholly
unsolved. Close, constant, expert supervision
of school? in both city and country Is Impera
tively demanded.
We reiterate the statement that the public
school should be the center of the educational
life of the community in which it Is located.
Especially should this be true in rural dis
tricts. Here should be found the public li
brary for the use of all; here the educational
extension courses should draw the old and the
young; here may literary and social meetings
be h«>ld which will tend to uphoid the mental,
social and spiritual life of the people.
The subjects that may properly be taught
In elementary schools include those that bear
upon the ethical, physical and esthetic nature
at the child, as well as Its purely intellectual
nature.
The Bureau of Education, under the direc
tion of William T. Harris, Commissioner of
Education has rendered invaluable services to
the cause of education throughout the United
States. It Is the Judgment of this association
that the powers of this bureau ebould be
greatly enlarged and the direction of public
education in all the territory of the United
Etatee, not under Sta*e control, including our
new possessions, should be part of the duties
The problem of elementary education is the
most important problem with which the State
must deal. To provide for the universal edu
cation of youth is the duty of every State In
the Union. Residents of territory under the
direct control of the freneral Government, in
cluding the Indian Territory, Alaska and our
new possessions, must receive the benefits of
free education at the hands of the Government.
We ncte with satisfaction the steps that have
been taken -by the present administration to
place the blessings of American free schools
within the reach of all children of all people
under oar flag.
DETROIT, July 12.-The National Edu
cational Association to-night, at the last
cession of its fortieth annual convention,
adopted a declaration of principles de
claring that the problem of elementary
education is the most important one with
which the State must deal. The work of
the bureau of education, under Commis
sioner William T. Harris, was Indorsed,
and the association declared that its .pow
ers should be extended so that It should
have jurisdiction over aducational mat
ters in all of our new possessions. Com
pulsory educational laws and the consoli
dation of rural schools were indorsed,
and State support of institutions for the
training of teachers is recommended. Fol
lowing is a synopsis of the declaration of
principles:
National Educational
Association Ends Its
Session.
FREE SCHOOLS
GIVEN PRAISE
AS an earnest of the good things to
come in the approaching season
of grand opera at the Tivoli, the
new drop curtain that has just
been hung- is an encouraging be
ginning. Frederick McGreer is the art
ist, and he has done his work admirably.
The scene is a woodland one, and was in
spired by a bit of forest in the Santa
Cruz Mountains. There is a brawling
stream in the foreground, rushing over
stony ways, and shadowed by overhang
ing trees. It is charming in color, excel
lent in drawing', and with a fine atmos
pheric effect. The new curtain will be un
failingly pleasant to look upon during
WARRING ROADS
END ALL STRIFE
Companies Settle the
Eureka Water Front
Dispute.
Special Dlgpatch to The Call.
EUREKA, July 12.— The bitter railroad
war that has waged for three years be
tween the Eureka, and Klamath River
Railroad Company and the Eel River and
Eureka Railroad Company and its suc
cessor in interest, the California North
ern Railway Company, was finally ended
to-day by the compromise of the suit
brought by the California Northern to
condemn a right of way through the
depot site of the Eureka and Klamath
Company, which stretches along the
water front between F and I streets.
After plaintiff company rested its case
yesterday managers and attorneys got to
gether and did not conclude their delib
erations until daybreak to-day.
The substance of the compromise is that
the California and Northern shall have an
exclusive right of way through the term
inal of the Eureka and Klamath Com
pany. In exchange the Eureka and
Klamath becomes tenant in common with
the California and Northern in its right
of -way through, the city. Both compan
ies are now free to complete their roads
to Arcata, the object for which they have
been striving since August, 1898.
The controversy began when the Coun
cil of the city of Eureka refused to grant
a franchise to the Eureka and Klamath
Company to pas's through Eureka, after
a 3imilar privilege had been given the Eel
River and Eureka Company. The Kla
math Company appealed to the people at
the next election and gained an over
whelming victory. The new Council be
gan a suit to annul the franchise grant
ed to the Eel River and Eureka Company
and later granted- the Klamath road its
desired franchise. The fight was* then
shifted from the Council chambers to the
courts, as each company had everything
the Council could grant.
A number of suits were brought by the
rival roads, . each seeking to condemn
rights of way through property controlled
by the other. The compromise to-day has
settled these disputes and the suits will be
dismissed. The joint track will be under
the control of superintendents of e'ach
company, and In case they cannot agree
on any question the superintendent of the
Southern Pacific Company will be called
In.
There is 'great satisfaction in Eureka
over the settlement and -the citizens be
lieve that now that this impediment to
Eureka' s progress has been removed the
city will advance by rapid strides. * ,
Begerow Is Again. Arrested.
SAN JOSE, July 12.— Frederick Be
gerow, the Alviso Constable whose peti
tion for a writ of habeas corpus was yes
terday granted by the Supreme , Court,
was to-day rearrested on a new warrant
charging him with the murder of Joseph
Cech and August Berger. The case now
stands as It did when ¦ he was . first ar
rested a year ago.
Changes in School Principals.
MONTEREY, July V 12.— Irwin Passmore.
principal of the Monterey school, has re
signed and will take charge of the Mer
ced High School. L. O. Dale of the Uni
versity of Indiana has been elected prin
cipal her© In hlsjstead. .
The Pan-American Exposition
Will be the greatest this country has ever seen.
The entire machinery will be run by power fur
nished from . Niagara Falls. Although the
power required is enormous we believe -this
cataract is equal to the task, the same as
Hostetter"s Stomach Bitters ' Is equal to the
task of supplying the body with motive power
when it is run down. There is no medicine
in the world so good for dyspepsia, indiges
tion, constipation, i flatulency and nervousness.
Try it. .-¦-¦;..• -¦ - ' ' •¦ ,-. • : '
waits, and is indeed the handsomest thing
of its kind in the city.
Mr. McGreer Is a late acquisition to the
scene painting circles in the city, but he
has already made his mark by the clever
work he has done at the Grand Opera
house of late. His first work was with
Sosman & Landis of Chicago, fifteen years
ago, and since then he has been in active
training" in various important theaters of
the States. Mr. McGreer is an indefati
gable student of nature, and finds there
the inspiration for most of his work. The
lower margin of the new curtain bears
these lines from Tennyson:
I cbatter over stony ways, in little sharps
and trebles,
I bubble into eddying bay«, I babble on the
pebbles.
DATE WAR ENDS
ON PUGET SOUND
Pierpont Morgan Steps
in to Restore Old
Schedules.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, July 12 V — The rate war to Vic
toria and way ports, which has now been
on for nearly twelve months, Is practical
ly ended. Dodwell & Co. are to make a
general change . in their Sound fleet and
then rates will go back to the old flgrure.
An Informal agreement exists whereby a
settlement of the difficulty will be reached
as soon as the steamer route question
is settled. . .'
The Victoria rate war has been a losing
proposition to the steamship companies
involved. " Fares were slashed unmerci
fully and for a time it seemed that the
steamers would begin carrying' passengers
for nothing-. For many months tho trip
to or from Victoria, one way, has cost
only twenty-five cents.. The original fare
was {2. The Joss to the companies has
amounted to tens of thousands of dollars.
The chief steamers involved have been
the Utopia, .the North Pacific and the Se
home, operated by Dodwell & Co., and
the Rosalie, operated to Victoria by the
Alaska Steamship Company. Freight as
well as passenger rates have been In
volved. 1 .
Just now Dodwell & Co. are reaching
out to obtain control of the transporta
tion business from. Tacoma and Seattle to
all leading- points on the Puget Sound.
There are many evidences that this is
part of a plan to bring all this business
under the dominance! of the Northern Pa
cific Railroad, thus largely shutting out
J. J. Hill and the Great Northern. The
prime mover is George B. Dodwell, who
sold to J. P. Morgan & Co. in May both
the Northern Pacific Steamship Com
pany's oriental line of steamers and the
Washington and Alaska Steamship Com
pany's line of Alaska steamers. .
This week Dodwell bought the steamer
State of Washington, running to What
com. and to-night he left for New York to
confer personally with J. P. Morgan. He
will remain the operating head of the
lines sold to Morgan, which are likely
to be sold directly or indirectly to the
Northern Pacific Railroad.
Accused of a Theft.
SANTA CRUZ, July 12.-John B. Castro
has been arrested on a charg© of robbery
J. • M. Guiterez of Freedom, alleges that
Castro took 520 from the money drawer
in his saloon.
Fir© Destroys Baled Hay.
. ANTIOCH, July 12.— Fire .on Barry
Bros.' ranch in Livermore Valley yester
day burned. 100 tons of baled hay belong
ing to Frank H. Johnson and about sev
enty-five tons of hay In stack. >; .->^
PATRONS OF THE EVER POPULAR EDDY-STREET OPERA-HOUSE
WILL. IN FUTURE ENJOY BETWEEN ACTS A PICTURESQUE VIEW
OF A CHARMING BIT OF CALIFORNIA SCENERY.
MONTEREY, July 12.— Papers transfer
ing the Monterey property of the late
Hugh Tevis to his widow, Mrs. Cornelia
Baxter Tevis, were filed in the County
Recorder's office at Salinas on Wednes
day. This property includes the summer
home now in progress of construction and
the adjacent land in New Monterey and
was one of the wedding gifts from Mr.
Tevis to his bride. It is said that the
deed of gift, to tho property was drawn
while Mr. and Mrs. Tevis were in Mont
erey, just prior to their sailing for Japan,
but was not placed on file until this week.
Strikers Return to "Work.
STOCKTON, July 12.— With the declar
ing off of the strike of handlers fully 400
men applied for work at the warehouses
this morning. Many of them were put at
work at the different warehouses, no in
quiries being made by the bosses as to
whether or not, they were union men. The
effect of the strike settlement is to bring
in great quantities of grain that was be
ing held by the growers. Orders were
sent out this morning by all the grain
men to their clients to rush in their
wheat. It is said fully 300 men went to
work this mornine and the others will
be working within a week. The best of
feeling prevails.
Killed by a Bucking 1 Mule.
REDDING, July 12.— W. J. Johnson of
Round Mountain was thrown to-day from
a bucking mule and his skull crushed so
badly that he died two hours later. He
Is survived by a widow and five grown
children.
Deed Made Out as a Wedding Gift
Is Filed With, the County
Recorder.
WIDOW OF HTJtfff TEVTS
¦ GETS MONTEREY HOME
Drs. Morrieey and Gianlni will watch over
the boys during the encampment, bo parents
need not worry.
Messrs. Burke, Thompson, Cresalla, O'Nell.
Mpasrhar and Reilly stopped a fierce runaway
and now they pose as heroes.
MuMclan Reilly has the distinction of being
the first man to be treated by the medical
corpf. Stewards O'Dea and Drossel "doctored"
him for a sore toe, which he "stubbed" while
escaping the wrath of Lieutenant- MeaRhar.
whose tent he lowered during: thetquiet hours
of the night.
Notes of the Encampment.
The locaJ fire department responded to
an alarm, but its services were not need
ed. Henceforth small boys will be kept
outside the camp grounds and smoking
by visitors will be tabooed.
When the advance gusrd learned of the
fire they rushed to camp and valiantly
fought the flames and extinguished them.
The cadets stood between their tents and
the oncoming fire and stayed its spread
with sacks and water.
Camp Power was in Imminent danger of
being wiped out by fire this afternoon.
Small boys started a blaze to the west
of the tents,' and for a short time it ap
peared that the tented field would be
swept away. Corporal J. Thiltgen was
guarding the camp, his fellow cadets hav
ing gone into town for lunch. The cor
poral worked diligently to stay the spread
of the names, but his efforts were use
less. Within a few minutes the whole
field was ablaze. Fortunately the wind
was blowing to the north, otherwise con
siderable damage would have been done.
Fire Threatens the Tents.
The camp site is an ideal one. It is in
the heart of beautiful Napa Valley. The
grounds are covered with stubble and the
odor is sweet and refreshing. The regi
ment is indebted to City Councilman
Richard Cuff for these splendid grounds
and for other courtesies. Electric lights
and •water have been furnished by the
citizens. A tall flagpole has been erect
ed and the stars and stripes will be raised
and lowered each day with ceremonies.
It is purposed to have the regiment
band give a sacred. concert In the Court
house square in the evening.
To-morrow morning a military mass
will be celebrated in St. John's Church
at 10 o'clock. The regiment will march to
service and after the cadets have taken
their places the congregation -will be per
mitted to take part in tnis solemn and in
teresting ceremony. Rev. Father Philip
O'Ryan, chaplain of the regiment, will
be celebrant of the mass, and Rev. M. ~>.
Slattery, pastor of the church. Instead of
bells, the drums beat at. the consecration
and the cadets present sabers. An aug
mented choir will render special music.
No set programme will be followed the
first night of camp. As soon as the regi
ment reaches its abiding place Lieutenant
Colonel McGloin will order the command
drawn up, and Captain Hegarty, adjutant
of the regiment, will read out the detail
of the guard for the night and name the
officer of the day. After this ceremony
the officers will march their companies to
their streets and the cadets will take pos
session. ' Mess call will follow and the
regiment will form again and march to
supper.
Coming of the K-egiment.
A number of merchants have decorated
their places of business and the streets
have taken on a gala appearance.
A committee of citizens will receive the
cadets and give them possession of Napa
during their stay. The committee is as
follows: Joseph 11. Kelly, president;
Hensley Davis, secretary; D. L. Beard,
treasurer; F. G. Easterby, B. W. Parsons,
A. Ferrogiaro, Fletcher Parker and Ar
tnur Brown.
Preparations for the reception of the
regiment are, completed. The command
is scheduled to arrive in Napa on a spe
cial train at 6:39 p. m. This train arrives
immediately after the regular train, thus
allowing: the troops to disembark on First
street. The command will form in line,
and headed by its band, march through
the principal streets to Camp Power,
which is named after the colonel of the
regiment, who is too ill to attend the en
campment.
The advance guard ate its first meal in
camp to-day. The cadets sat down at
long tables, which are spread beneath big
shade trees. Caterer Abrams set forth- a
bountiful repast and the boys proved
good trenchermen. They had pie "liSe
mother used to make" and ' coffee that
contained real cream. Now that these
youths have performed service they will
be absolved from guard duty during the
encampment.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
POWER. NAPA, July 12.— Everything is
in readiness for the coming of the- First
Regiment, League of the Cross Cadets.
The advance guard, in command of Lieu
tenant William Beasley, quartermaster of
the regiment, has worked faithfully and
well. Before noon to-day 100 snow white
tents dotted the stubble on which the
cadets will camp and drill during the
coming 1 week. The arrangement of tents
is in strict accordance with the regula
tions of the United States Army. There
are twelve to a company street and the
distance and alignment of these canvas
homes are correct to a nicety.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tented Oity Awaits the
League of the Cross
Cadets.
'- ¦— ?
Canvas Covered Field Has a
Narrow Escape' From a
Grass Fire.
VANGUARD RESTS
IN CAMP POWER
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 12.-There
are now forty-seven Japanese prisoners
guarded by the salmon strikers and ma
rooned on | a small island in the Qulf of
Georgia, according to the official state
ment of the union fishermen this even
ing. . The Provincial police are trying to
ascertain the location of thla island, for
although the authorities do not like to
admit that Japanese have been spirited
away in the manner dunned by the strik
ers, it is undeniable that the Orientals
are missing and the statement that they
are prisoners of the union fishermen is
generally accepted, as true. The captive
Japanese, . whose offens^ is that they
fished when the union fishermen had oe
clared a strike, are being fed regularly
and will be kept prisoners as long as pos
sible. Others will be put on the island
as fast as they are captured, provided the
present plan of the striking union is main
tained.
Frank Rogers, a prominent member of
the fishermen's union, was arrested to
day upon the allegation that he had been
implicated in the marooning of the Japan
ese at Bowen Island on Wednesday night.
Joseph Desplace, another union leader,
.was arrested for the same reason. Six
other strikers who were arrested yester
day for intimidation and conspiracy were
to-day held to answer in the Supreme
Court by the Stipendiary Magistrate.
It is currently reported that a Japanese
was drowned to-day during a fight on the
river with a boat of the strikers' patrol.
No reports of further trouble- on the river
had been reported up to a late hour to
night.
Union Fishermen Add to
Number of Captive
Japanese."
— ¦ — •- —
Officials Fail to Locate Place
Where the Orientals Are
Marooned.
» •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ISLAND PRISON
GAINS TENANTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 13, 1901.
Artist Receives His Inspiration From a Bit
of Forest in Santa Cruz Mountains.
WOODLAND SCENE ON NEW
DROP CURTAIN AT TIVOLI
The man who hates another has an in
growing grudge against himself.
BAKERSFIELD, July 12.— Mrs. Eliza
beth DInsmore, a widow, was found dead
In bed this morning 1 in Kern City. She
was addicted to the use of morphine and
chloroform. An empty four-ounce chloro
form vial was found in her hand. She
wa3 48 years old.
Found Dead in Her Bed.
LODI, July 12.— Watermelon men axe
worrying 1 over a peculiar disease which
has made Its appearance here, attacking:
the vines with disastrous results. In some
melon fields a considerable part of the
vines have been ruined, and as yet there
seems to be no Idea as to the real cause
of the trouble. Some believe that Insects
are to blame and this is the theory most
accepted, as the vines are attacked at the
roots and soon die.
Destroying Watermelon Vines.
7
MISCELLANEOUS.
HOME AND BEAUTY.
A Wedding of the Two Made by
Pattosien.
Every room a dream of drapery and
design, every parlor and hall a mar-
velous expression of art combined with
rare taste of Felection, and the whole
beautiful house a poem of richness as
entertaining and as refreshing to the
eyes as a master picture. These ara
not extravagant expressions when ap-
plied to the select rooming house, the
"Hotel Lambourne." that within the
few days past has been opened to the
patronage of the appreciative and pre-
ferred public.
For weeks past the artisans and de-
signers and mechanics of the Pattosien
Company have been busily engaged in
planning and making and placing the
furniture and draperies for the flfty-
one rooms which the house contains.
The result of their labors Is a finished
poem. Nothing short of a perfect pho-
tograph could adequately set forth the
beauty and value of the furniture and
its accompaniments. The carpeting
throughout is a variety of the richest
and costliest designs of Axminsters
and Royal Wiltons in colorings which
blend with the wall tones and furni- i
ture hues. The suites, six In number,
are furnished with sofas richly uphol-
stered in imported figured tapestries,
with mahogany easy chairs and oak-
framed rockers upholstered in French
velours and tapestries. The beds
throughout ar* elegantly finished, brass
enameled, and above all they are com-
fortable, and the walls are hung with
handsome and appropriate pictures and
etchings fulry in keeping and harmony
with the rest of the furnishings. The
entrance hall forms a stately approach
to a cozy corner which in itself will
arrest the attention and command ar-
tistic admiration; it is a feature of the
house. As demonstrating the wonder-
ful stock and infinite variety of
selection of Pattosien's great store the
"Hotel Lambourne" is certainly a
strong expression. Not another furni-
ture house in the West could have ac-
complished so much so well and so
tastefully. We are informed that the
designing of homes and hotels is made
a specialty by Pattosien, who employs
fcr that purpose a special staff of de-
signers — artists of the home, so to
speak, who are selected for their origi-
"¦ nality and cleverness of execution;
' while others are likewise engaged in
designing: parlor furniture deliberateiy
made to correspond in form and finish
and fabric with the architecture and
the interior draperies.
The "Lamboume" will be under the
management of Mrs. Janet Macdonald,
well and favorably known through the
East and West as a litterateur and lec-
turer, and particularly well known here
in connection with her public work in
popularizing California. The house un-
der her management is bound to at-
trzjct a select patronage of leading fam-
ilies.
It is the purpose of Mrs. Macdonald
to charge rates which shall be as reas-
onable as the service and accommoda-
tions will permit. It should be said
that in the matter of sanitation and of
personal comfort the builders of this
beautiful hotel have left nothing to be
desired. There are baths, hot and cold
water connected with each suite, and
separate baths and toilets for ladies
and gentlemen on each of, the three
floors, with hot and cold water wash-
stands in each room. The success of
the "Hotel Lambourne" is assured al-
ready. And in large measure has it been
assisted by the splendid furnishings
supplied by the Pattosien Company.
AMTISEMENTS.
vUEoUlflEi 1M LEADING THEAM
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY.
Interesting: Personal Souvenirs of Miss Bates
PRESENTED TO ENTIRE AUDIENCE.
LAST T NIGHTS.
THE MIGHTY MELODRAMA!
Every Evening Except-T ]"RT T| T| T|
Ing Sundays. Matt- III.
nees Saturdays Only. I III II U 1/
CHARLES llllllllll
FEOHMAN'S Ull JLJ JLJ XI
COLOSSAL
PRODUCTION.
By Arrangement *rlth 'x^ _J§
DAVID BELASCO,
Paul M. Potter's &^&
6- Act Drama on
Oulda's Famous Novel. TIT I r\ r\
Over 100 People, I ¦ I B I I I I
Including: M | II I X
BLANCHE BATES Fm/iITu
as "CIGARETTE." * JJJL JLV */
July 22— CHAUXCEY OLCOTT.
MATINEB TO-DAT (SATTJRDAT), July 13.
Parquet, 23c, any seat; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE AT ITS BEST!
AERAS AND AUCE, GXLKEBT
AND GOLDIB, IRVING JONE3,
CLAYTON WHITE AND MABIE
STTJART; PROSPER TROTJPE,
SIMM, BOMM, BEEB; LA
MOYNE BBOTHEBS, THE BTO-
GBAPH, EMILY LYTTON, CHAS.
BOWSER AND COMPANY.
BEIASCO A»*THAlVSj£tfflp
<1 UtSTS CITY HJtk\
MATINEE TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW (Sun.)
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVENING.
JAMES M. BROPHY.
And a Superb Cast In an Elaborate Production
cf William Gillette's Great "War Drama,
HEED by the ENEMY
pDrrCC Evenings 10c,- 15c, 25c. 85c, G0o
liUWEj Matlneea..... Me. 15c. 25a
Next Monday— Mammoth Spectacular Produc-
tion of
MICHAEL STROGOFF.
CHUTES^ ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
BIG CAKEWALK!
TO-MORROW—
FRENCH CELEBRATION.
FALL of the BASTILE
AXIi DAT AND ALL NIGHT.
FIREWORKS AND GRAND BALL.
Telephone for seats. Park 13."
COMING!— THE ORIGINAL .
BOSTON BLOOMERS,
LADIE3 CHAMPION BASEBALL CLUB
of the World
VS.
THE BUSHNELLS of San Francisco.
RECREATION PARK..... JULY 14 and 15
. . Sunday 10:30 a. m., Monday 3 p. m.
High Class and Moral In Every Particular.
Patronized by the Best People Everywhere.
FISCHER'lS concert house.
J. XO W1.U11 O Admission 10c.
CHARITY MARTIN. SIO. G. S. WANRELL.
Oliver Carson. Al Hazard. Viola Vignette.
Wren and Lyn ton,. Kelcey. Sisters. Wilson and
Black.
. Reserved Seata, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. ra.
. Bathing- From 7 a. ra. to 10:30 p. m.
- ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. 6c
Bathing, including admission, 2Sc. Children.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '7\^- _,
li . ill ¦•.i|L^ -I
corYHiotfT i too ar tm> piaort* a oMttia co. einemnnTi
PART AND PARCEL.
* WMUJh DA *NTY/ box, an [exquisite wrapper, a deli-
||||^ cate color, and a clinging fragrance — yet all
these will not cleanse the skfn! Has it ever
iiig^9 occured to you that you pay big prices for
these things? Do you care to buy five articles or do
you require only one — a strictly pure soap. Remember
you pay for perfume whenever you buy it mixed
with soap. Don't you think it is wiser to make your
own selection of perfume and buy it separately? It is
certainly the method adopted by most persons of culti-
vated taste, those who bathe with pure Ivory Soap.
IVORY SOAP— 99*^ PER CENT. PUKE.
AlHrSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERMODSE
MATLVBKS TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
I*AST TWO NIGHTS OF
"SECRET SERVICE"
COMMBNCDia MONDAY EVENING.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Will Present
ANOTHER. GREAT DRAMA.
"THE WHITE HEATHER."
The cast will include Mary Van Buren. Kath-
erlne Gray, K. J. Morgan. John Mason. Theo-
dore Roberts and first appearance of Har-
rington Reynolds thla season. Same prices — 10c,
15c, 25c, 50c, 75c Good orchestra seats all mati-
nees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Offlcs Emporium.
ITS TOWN TALi
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS LAD-T TEAZLE, Supported try "Welts
Whlttlesey, la
"THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL."
Next— "THB COUNTRY QIRI*" .?;
Seata on Sale Six Days In Advance. 2f§fe
MATINEB TO-DAT. m
*TIVOL1*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at X '
"THEY'RE COMING IN BIO BUNCHES TQ
. SEE THE BRILLIANT SHOWl"
THE BABES
the WOOD.
Book by Ferrta Hartman. ~.Z
— MUSIC AND FUN GALORE!— ' '
Popular Prices 25a and Mo
Telephone— Bush 9.
Fall of the Ba stile!
FRENCH NATIONAL CELEBRATION.
SUNDAY, JULY 14, 1901.
ALL DAY! ALL NIGHT!
AT THE CHUTES.
LITERARY EXERCISES, CONCERT.
FIREWORKS (Modern) at 9 P. M.
GRAND BALL EVENING.
ADMISSION, 25 cents: CHILDREN, 10 centi.
Literary Exercises Afternoon Beein at 1:30.
ELECTRIC CARS RUN ALJ, NIGHT.
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGELeTys. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. M.
. SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
,^\PALACE y^j,
r !s =^HOTEL <^^
Connected by • a covered pas-
sageway and operated Jointly
under one management on 'the
American and European plans.
1400 rooms; 900 with baths.
:^/HOTE LV 1 '
Weekly _Call,. $1 per Year
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THISTLES AUD DAJTDBUFF.
An Interesting 1 Parallel and a Valu-
able Deduction Therefrom.
Cutting down thistles no more relieves
the land of thistles than does scouring the
scalp cure dandruff. In each case perma-
nent relief can only come from eradi-
cating permanently the cause. A germ
that plows up the scalp in searching for
the hair root where it saps the vitality
causes dandruff, falling hair and baldness.
If you kill that germ you'll have no dan-
druff but a luxuriant suit of hair.. New-
bro's Herplcide is the Only hair prepara-
tion in the world that cures dandruff, fall-
Ing hair and baldness by killing the germ.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." -• -.7' --»^-'- ¦ •- ;
(ilDlI j
H Xhl3 Great Train |j
I AHD runs but twice |
H per week during |j
I THURSDAY tt "°r I
I tuc Leaving at 9 am, |
I THE It arrives in I
aii ir An mi a ChIcafl0 at 2<l5 I
I CIUEIIII1 " st?TT- 1
I LI Rll I Ll) its hlfl* standard 1
B . °* Mryice 1$. ja
I ON fully maintained. I
DR.METEHS&CO. jgHl^
Specialists. Disease wS^f |
and weakness of fi|gg» f
men. Establls h e d !&&& +0812, *gS
18SL Con sultatlon 1fY|/ K?
and private book \3tjv . T *
free, at office or by ; *Wek v
mail. Cures guar- {%$&£$&£&&
anteed. 731 Mar- • f^.^^?^
ket street (eleva- iv ,
tor entrance). San
Francisco.' ... ¦ '* <>s ™« sr "¦. ,TO ARRIVE.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights! of High and. Low
Waters at Fort Point, '. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front ' (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SATURDAY, , JULY 13.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in ¦ the '-- left
hend column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, * except when there are but • three
tides. -as sometimes occurs.' The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast . Survey . charts, » except when a
minus (— ) . sign . precedes the height, ' and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters. . . ' • ." ; . >
Water Front Notes.
The steamship Eureka, from Norfolk for
Ban Francisco has- put into Talcahuano
with her rudder damaged. Nearly every
one of the fleet of steamships that left
the East during the past two months has
been compelled to put In somewhere for
repairs. ¦- - ...--.,.. j-,.
The schooner Irene arrived from New
castle, Australia, yesterday with a cargo
of coal. She Is a new vessel on her
maiden voyage. She was built at Eureka
and sailed for Australia with a lumber
cargo on January 17 last. !
The British ship Maxwell arrived from
Kewcastle. England, yesterday, after an
unusually long voyage of 190 days. The
voyage was uneventful.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
Alg-oa sailed for Seattle yesterday en
route for Manila. She took about 2000
tons of merchandise from here and will
load 4000 tons of hay and grain for the
Government at Seattle.
Forest Home Returns.
The schooner Forest Home arrived In
port from Callao unexpectedly yesterday.
Her owners thought she. was on her way
to Honolulu to load sugar for San Fran
cisco, and did not know what to make of
it when she was reported outside. It ap
pears that Captain McArthur thought the
cable ordering him to the islands was a
Joke and treated it as such. It was only
a. few minutes after the schooner had
dropped anchor that he discovered his
mistake.
The Forest Home went to Callao with
a load of lumber. While on the way fire
broke out in the lazarette. but it was put
out. On arriving the captain cabled that
he would have to conae.here for repairs,
but later cabled again that the repairs
could be made at Callao. It was then the
orders to po to Honolulu were cabled.
THE Nome fleet had a lively time
of if at Dutch Harbor, according
to' the news brought by the
steamship Homer yesterday.
United States Commissioner
Whipple is said to have been running
tilings with a high hand and fines were as
plentiful as flies in midsummer. Captain
Higglns of the steamship Ruth was ar
rested and Homer Fritch had to put up
$100 gold coin in order to get him away on
Ms vessel. Two of the Ruth's crew were
disrated for getting drunk and the Com
missioner forced Captain Hig&ins to pay
them off. Other vessels had a similar ex
perience. There will be a lot of complain
ing when the fleet gets back.
The Homer is under charter to the
North American Commercial Company.
She went from here to the Priblloff
Islands via Dutch Harbor. Captain Don
a'dson reports that he made three at- '
tempts to reach the Islands before finally
fe-ttting there. The ice drove the steam
ship back twice, but the third attempt
was successful. The Homer anchored at
St. George island alongside a cake of Ice
thai was aground in forty feet of water.
"There were a great many deaths
among the natives last winter," said Cap
tain Donaldson yesterday. "Measles
broke out among them arid there were
thirty-six deaths on St. Paul Island and
seventeen on St. George Island. The seals
were just beginning to arrive while we
were there and 1 think the full number
of skins will be taken this season.
"We left Dutch Harbor for San Fran
cteco on July 2 and had a good passage
all the way down. The United States
gunboat Concord had arrived there from
Manila and was to leave July 3 for Point
Barrow. The transport Warren sailed
thiee weeks before we got In for Nome.
At the request of Dr. and Mrs. Newhall,
missionaries, she was to call at Unalaska
on .her way back to pick up three Aleut
children who are to be sent by the Gov
ernment to the Carlisle school in Penn
sylvania. United States Commissioner
Whipple was running things with a high
hr.nd at Unalaska and Captain Buhner
ol the revenue cutter Manning went there
t) inquire into matters. He told me that
hac he been there . at the time Captain
Higgins would never have been arrested."
Among the passengers who came home
on the Homer was H. C. Reed of the
North . American Commercial Company.
"There is a great deal of dissatisfaction
over the manner in which Whipple is
running things," -said he, speaking about
the Commissioner. "Of course his salary
comes out 'of ¦ the court 'fees and If there
are- no cases he gets no pay. There are
sixteen. Italians on board the Homer now
end every one of them- was arrested at
different times for one cause or another.
They went north with the collier Kvarven
to discharge her, and they were not
twenty-four hours in Unalaska before
they ran foul of the Commissioner and his
Marshal. The latter is a man named Sul
liv&n." He was appointed by Whipple, but
has not as yet got a commission from
the Government. The Italians were fined
$5 each and the court fees amounted to
$30 each additional: When I left any
trivial, charge was enough to cause a
man's arrest and there was a general
hcwl going up all over the district. Com
plaints have been made to Washington,
but I think Captain Higgins of the Ruth
is going to lay his case before the United
States Circuit Court here on his return.
Whipple was appointed United States
Commissioner at Unalaska by Judge
Noyes of Nome."
DAMAGED OFF THE HOEN.
British Ship Allerton Had a Bough
Voyage From Antwerp.
The British ship Allerton, which arrived
from Antwerp yesterday, had a rough
time of it. She was caught in a succes
sion of gales in the channel and had to
put Into the Downs. Off the Horn she
was in a hurricane out of which she came
badly damaged. The Allerton brings 17,600
barrels of cement. In his report of the
voyage Captain Joye says: "We sailed
from Antwerp on January 23 and had a
succession of southwest to northwest
gales in the British Channel. We had to
put into the Downs on January 28 and
lay there until February 3. Two' days
after leaving the Downs we were caught
in a hurricane off Start Point which last
ed twenty-four hours. Took the north
east trades in 28 degrees north and car
ried them to the equator, which ' we
crossed thirty-five days out. We had
the usual weather to the Horn and went
from 50 degrees in the Atlantic to 50 de
grees In the Pacific In thirty-five days.
"Off Cape Horn we had a succession of
west-southwest gales that made things
very lively.. Our decks were swept, a por
tion of the port bulwarks . was carried
away, seven of the chain plates ; were
broken and other damage done. A num
ber of sails were blown away and a couple
of the men. were hurt, but not seriously.
"From latitude 50 degrees south to 11 de
grees south in. the Pacific the northeast
trades carried us along and on June 9 we
crossed-the equator again in longitude 113
west. We had . the usual . weather to 38
Beautiful Pictures
Need pretty frames as a lovely pir! needs
a pretty dress. We Invite you to call on
us and see all the season's prettiest de
signs. Shapes and - finishes .. were never
more artistically unique. You should see
our Imported novelties in small gilt metal
photo frames. Sanborn, Vail & Co., -HI
Market street. • ' - - •
Friday, July 12.
Stmr Greenwood, Fajrerlund, 19 hours from
Cleone. '
Stmr Gipsy, Smith. 20 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 96 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, 9 days 9 hours from
Dutch Harbor. v . -.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 12 hours from
Point Arena. ; ; . '¦"'¦ ¦ ¦' --'-^-'V
Stmr Eureka, ' Jessen, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Acme.VLundQuist, .4 days from Sius
law River.' ¦.-X ' .;.-
Br stmr : Arecfuipa, Lee, 39 days from Val
paraiso, "¦-¦jkft-.- *
Br'shlp JdWcwfH. Young-, 190 days from New
castle,' England;-' ' .
Br ship- Allerton, '-Toye, 170 days from Ant
werp. • " : *'
Bark" Gerard;.C Tobey, Gove, 29 days from
Honolulu. ¦ ¦¦!¦'¦:
Schr Irene. Mitchell, 80 days from Newcas
tle, Aus. - - .'--.? ¦^¦-^'i.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 3 days from Co
qullle River. .
Schr Forest Home, McArthur, 58 days from
Callao. IT
Schr Newark, Crangle, 12 hours from Rough
and Ready.
9chr Sailor Boy, Nyman, VA days from
Grays Harbor. ' /
CLEARED. • V
- -. , . Frlday.Vuly 12.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedersen, Oyster Harbor;
R Dunsmuir's Sons Co. ¦¦;. ¦¦/-'•>
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey, Guayaquil, via
Noyo; W R Grace & Co. ¦ ...
Schr "Winchester, Henderson, TJngra; Alaska
Packers' Association. j,.^. '*.-"?
SAILED. . ...
Friday, July 12.
Stmr Gipsy.-Smlth, Santa 'Cms.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr "Whltesboro, i Olsen, : .
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma..
Br stmr Milton. Ralney, Nanalmo. ".
Br ship Cardiganshire, Stephens, Queens-
Bark Mauna, Ala, Smith, Honolulu. -
Schr Gen Banning, Bennerwltz, Grays Har
bor. '
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bowens Landing.
. "'¦-. SPOKEN. •;* '¦ '.':¦:
June 28, lat 6 N, Ion 29 W— Br bark Zlnlta,
from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
. Per sehr Irene— June 16, lat 3 38 N, Ion 153 39
W— Iros bark supposed to be British letters
J M R H: wished to be reported all well.
July 10, lat 37 20 N. Ion 130 42 W— Schr Mln
odra, from Hastings Hill, for Fremantle.
dora, from Hastings Hill, for Fremantle.
LONDON, July 12— Stmr Eureka, from Nor
folk, for San Francisco, put Into Talcahuano
July ' 12 with rudder sprunr.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 12, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ; .
SEATTLE— Arrived July 12— Stmr Victorian,
from Skaguay.
Sailed July 11— Stmr Bertha, for Valdez; ship
Henry Villard. for Port Blakeley.
Sailed July 12— Ship Henry Villard, for Port
Blakeley. ¦ ¦.
'NEAH BAY— Passed July 12 — Nor stmr Tlta
nla, from Port Los Angeles, for Nanaimo.
PORT , TOWNSEND— Arrived July 12— Bktn
John Palmer, from Honolulu.
Sailed July 12— Schr Robert Searles, for Mel-
TACOMA— Arrived July 11— Bark Highland
Light, hence ¦ June .22. July 12— Schr , C S
Holmes, from Santa Rosalia.
Sailed ' July 12 — Schr ¦ Glendale. for Redondo.
Arrived July 12— Schr C S Holmes, from
Santa Rosalia: Br stmr Pak Line, from Se
attle. •
Sailed July 12— Stmr Washtenaw, ¦., for San
Francisco. • ¦
• EUREKA — Arrived July 12 — Schr ; Bertie
Minor and bktn Amelia, from -Honolulu; stmr
Pomona, hence July 11. • -:
• Sailed July 12— Stmrs North Fork and* Noyo,
for San Francisco. ' ~-
GRAYS . HARBOR— Arrived July 12— Schr
Viking, from Manzanlllo; lost anchor near en
trance;, no damage. n .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July : 11— Schr -.Louise;
from Umnqua. ' July 12— Stmr - Samoa, from
Bowens Landing;.-' • '. ¦•
Sailed July 12— Stmr Aberdeen, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ .'¦"'
CASPAR— Arrived July 12— Stmr. South Coast,
hence July 11. , *'' ; - ' \. ¦¦' ;¦.¦'>"
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 12—
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Notice to Mariners.
Captain P. M. Stokkebye • of the schooner
Honolulu reports to the Hydrogrraphlc Office
that on April 28. 1901, while en route to Lah&lna
from Newcastle, N; S. Yv~., he saw breakers in
latitude north 7 degrees 33 minutes, longitude
west 153 decrees 42 minutes. The weather was
clear and the sea smooth. The captain
watched the break for over an hour. The
chronometer was found to be correct upon
Blghting Hawaii. C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander U. S. N., in charge.
_ • ¦ m ¦ , , .
Shipping- Merchants.
The British ships Clan Graham and Tas
mania will load wheat at this port for Europe
at 37c 6d, chartered prior to arrival: the Argus,
wheat at Portland for Europe, 41a 3d. pr'or-to
arrival; the Robert- Lewers, lumber* at Gamble
for Honolulu, prior to arrival; the Kohala,
lumber at Eureka for Sydney, 55s; the Louisi
ana, lumber on Puget Sound for Sydney, 44s
6d, or Melbourne, 4Ss 9d, prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
degrees north and from that to port light
and variable winds."
The Allerton is one of the Leyland fleet
and i.« under charter to carry wheat to
P^urope.
eastern, from Chicago and Montreal, via Lon
don.
LONDON-Salled July 12-Stmr Mesaba, for
New York.
Arrived July 12— Stmr Teenkal, from Ta
coma, via Manila and Antwerp.
MOVILL.E— Sailed July 12— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New York; stmr Tunisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 13— Stmr Co
lumbia, from Hamburg, for New York, via
Ch«*rbours. ¦ . >
GENOA— Arrived July 12— Stmr "Werra, from
New York, via Gibraltar and Naples.
LA CONCEPCION— Arrived July 12-Stmr
Eureka; from : Norfolk, for San , Francisco. . ¦-
• CHERBOURG— Sailed July 12— Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg, for New York.
¦v-.- ?
Steamer Movements.
BRITISH SHIP ALLERTON IN HEAVY WEATHER OFF THE HORN. SHE WAS CAUGHT IN A SUCCESSION OF
GALES. DURING WHICH A PORTION OF THE PORT BULWARKS WAS CARRIED OFF, SEVEN STANCH
IONS WERE BROKEN AND A'NUMBER OF SAILS BLOWN AWAY.
GAZELLE. July 12.— J. Edward .Carpen
ter, a young man in the employ of "J." M.
Beatty, was accidentally shot this morn
ing. His team ' becoming fractious, his
gun was thrown against the side of the
wag-on, striking the trigger and killing
him. His parents live in Sutter County.
Teamster Accidentally Killed.
Suesser's Case Groes.Over.^,^i
SAN JOSE, July 12.— GeOrge Suesser,
the slayer of Sheriff Faxley of Salinas,
was before Judge Lorfgan .to-day, for ar
raignment. The case went over until next
September. Suesser was convicted of mur
der and sentenced to be hanged at the
first trial, ¦which was held- in- Monterey
County, but the Supreme Court granted a
new trial, and a change of "venUe to this
county was ordered..
REDDING, Jaiy 12.— It is possible that
another big gra\el mining property will
be operated in 'Trinity County this sum
mer. A San Francisco party of mining
men. represented on the ground by J. B.
Laber, has purchased 320 acres of sup
posed auriferous gravel between Rush and
Brown creeks, and has located 1300 acres
adjoining. The district is known to be a
good one, but prior to the operations of the
big Sweepstake Company it had been con
sidered impossible to get water on the ele
vated ground. The company-has-appro
priated 5000 inches of water from Stuarts
Creek, one of the finest water: rights in
the county. The company claims it will
begin work on a ditch line In six weeks.
To Develop Gravel Mines.
Washington — Original — Charles W. Pow
ell, New Whatcom. $6; William W. Gardi
ner. Orting, SS: Gorham P. McFadden
(dead). Seattle. $6. Additional— Edward C.
Burdick. Seattle, $12; Simon A. Wellman,
Vancouver, $8. Increase — George W. Ol
ney. Seattle. $12; Dillos D. Earp, Walla
Walla. $8: Richard Miller. South Bend,
S10. Original widow, reissue — Margaret
Crist. Seattle. $S. _ : ; -. .
MINISTER CONGEE, STOPS
AT FSESNO FOB. A DAY
Will Sail From San Francisco on
Wednesday for His Post in
Peking.
FRESNO. July 12.— Mr. Conger. Minis
ter to China, was in Fresno to-day en
route to his post in Peking. Questioned
concerning the lately reported Boxer ris
ing, he said he anticipated no further or
ganized movement similar ' to the one
Quelled. Mr. Conger is interested with
Iowans In property in this vicinity and
to that fact Fresno is indebted for his
visit here. He left for San Francisco to
night and will sail for China next Wed
nesday.
• Oregon — Increase — John Cooper, Beaver
ton. $8: Sylvanus L. Roberts. Myrtle
Point. $10; William F. Colvin. Drain, $8;
Simeon Jay. Blachly. $12; Jacob P. Plu
merth, Ashland, $8; Charles Zuricker, Cor
vcl'is, ?10.
Tfcese pensions were issued to-day: Cal
ifornia — Original — Nathaniel R. Carson,
San Jose, 56; Henry D. Gross, Fresno
City, $6; John Benninger (dead), Los An
geles. $S; John C. Willey. Challenge. $6.
Supplemental— Michael Knrlght, Concord,
$6. Increase— Ansel E. Syphert. Los An
geles, 512; James M. Pence, Los Angeles,
$15; James La Niece. San Bernardino, $10.
Original widow— Minnie Benninger, Los
A? geles, 58. War with Spain, original —
William Kaufmann. San Francisco, $S.
Oregon— W. K. Todd. Foster, Linn Coun
ty, vie* Bettle Erickson, resigned; P. IS.
Robinson, l»ne Rock, Gilliam County,
vice P. L. Hane, removed; M. A. Chap
maji. Spikenard, Jackson County, vice S.
E. Walker, resigned.
Appointed: California — G. W! Caldwell.
Pueme, Los Angeles County, vice L. F.
Haynes. resigned.
WARSHIPS END
THE TROUBLE
isurgents Are Awed by
Demonstration Made
by French Vessels. .'
Uprising.
Marines Landed Off Korea's
Coast Quell Serious .
. Washington; July 12.— The reported
uprislng 1 on the island of Quelpaert, off the
Korean- coast, and the killing of saveral
hundred Christian converts is • confirmed
in mailed press advices reaching the Japa
1 ase legation, which contain the report of
the Japanese. man-of-war Sen Ten.
The Sen Yen was at Chlmulpo, Korea,
where the first word of the uprising was
received. She made a rapid run to the
island, arriving June 2. The captain re
ports that when two French men-of-war
had arrived at the island they found the
insurgents in a menacing attitude. At
tempts- were made to land marines. As
the landing was opposed the French war
ships made a demonstration and succeed
ed in landing tlieir marines. The insur
gents then were repulsed and two mission
aries held by tuem were saved.
**After that affairs quieted and the upris
ing was quelled. -During the outbreak 200
converts were killed by the insurgents.
The captain of the Sen Yen reported that
all the Japanese residents were saved and
that . the trouble was over when he ar
rived. Although ,a body of Korean troops
had been' sent to quell the disturbance,
they found quiet restored by the time they
art-ived. ,- • ¦"•¦'.;.-¦; j^;; :
Fire Destroys London Docks.
LONDON, July 12.— A fire at the West
India docks to-day destroyed a number
of sheds and their contents. The damage
done is estimated at from £100,000 to £250,
000. Sugar and timber warehouses were
involved in the conflagration. The custom
house was damaged, but the valuables
were removed in safety.
PITTSVILLE, Pa-, -«. July 12.— Four
masked men entered the hotel of Peter
Hoke, at Yorkvllle, neaij here, at mid
night and encountered the proprietor and
Michael Ritzell and George A. Wachter.
guests. During the flRht which followed
one of the robbers was f.-iot and killed
and Hoke was wounded In »he leg. Three
burglars escaped. The dead man has not
been identified.
Burglars Given Warm Reception.
"WASHINGTON, July 12.— Professors F.
H. Newell and Gifford Plnchot, in charge,
respectively, of the hydrographlc work of
the geological survey and the forestry
work- of the Department of Agriculture,
who leave here Saturday off a tour
through the West; will attend the State
horticultural convention at Kearney,
Neb., July 16; the trans-Mississippi com
mercial congress at Cripple Creek on July
18, and will make a Joint investigation in
Eastern Oregon of the forest and water
supply and other questions. Professor
Henry Gannett, in charge of the geo
graphic work of the survey, is already In
Oregon inspecting the work of the field
parties surveying the forests there.
Scientiflc Men to Make a Tour.
Stmr Aberdeen, from San Pedro.
RBDONDO- Arrived July 12, at 6:30 a m—
, Stmr G«O Loomls, hence July 10, and sailed
at 4:30 v m for San Francisco.
NEAH BAT— Passed out July 12— Schr Chal
lenger, from Port Blakeley, for San Francisco.
• . FOREIGN PORTS.
* ' NEWCASTLE, Au8-Sail«d : July 12— Ship
Challenger, for Manila. ' .
'ANTWERP— Arrived July 9— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland. < .
Sailed July 12— Br ship James Kerr, for San
Francisco. •
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July ll-Br s 8tmr Duke
of Fife, for Tacoma. " ¦
CHEMAINTJS— Arrived July 11— ShU> St
Francis, from Yokohama,
OCEAN .STEAMERS.
BOSTON— Arrived July 12— Stmr New Eng
land, from Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Arrived ~ July 12— Stmr North-
Forty-Seven Natives Died From Measles—Trouble With
the Commissioner at Uhalaska.
PRAISES WORK
OF AMERICANS
capital.
"Americans," ; the Senator said, "have
changed In recent years. The idea of
treaties of commerce is now dally gaining
ground. I met with considerable sympa
thy In favor of a more liberal economic
policy. France must take into considera
tion the amour propre of the United
States, which she had overlooked at the
time of the Spanish-American war."
Senator Siegfried also referred to the
great pleasure he had derived from his re
ception in Canada.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Oranges Made by th.e Postoffice De
partment and More Pensions
Are Issued.'
"vTASHINGTON*. July 12.— The Postoffice
Department issued the following to-day:
Postoffices established: California— Indian
Gulch, Mariposa County, Thomas J. Chi
chizola Postmaster.
Washington — Irondale, Jefferson Coun
ty, Horace G. Reed Postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned: Washington
—Louis O. Behm. Deei> Creek.
frfed, the former Minister of Commerce,
has arrived here from his American tour.
In an interview to-day M. Siegfried paid
a glowing tribute to the Immense com
mercial and Industrial expansion of the
United States, which, he said, would be
further Increased by the system of com
binations.
Nevertheless, he added, the people of
Europe must not allow themselves to be
too easily dazzled or frightened. He
pointed to a well-known trust as an ex
ample of capital inflated to twice or treble
the cost of the amalgamated establish
ments, and he questioned whether, further
dividends could be paid on such Inflated
PARIS. Julr 12.— Senator Jules Sieg-
Siegfried Tells of Obser
vations in This
Country.
Former Minister of Com
merce Has a Fear of
the Trusts.
STEAMSHIP HOMER BACK AGAIN
FROM THE PRIBILOFF ISLANDS
8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ JULY 13, 190t:
TO SA,IL.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
St. Paul
Conemaugh....
Noyo
Crescent City..
North Fork....
Mandalay......
Pomona........
G. W. Elder...
Bonlta
Corona...
Santa Barbara
San Pedro.!....
Bristol
Washtenaw
Arcata
State of Cal....
Peru
Umatllla
Fulton.".
AV. H. Kruger.
Eureka....
Rainier
Coos Bay
Rival
Santa Rosa
Robt. Dollar...
San Bias
Columbia ..
Point Arena...
Nome & St. Michael...
Nome & St. Michael...
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt
Coqullle River
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria..
San Pedro & Way Pts.
San Diego
Humboldt
Humboldt
Oyster Harbor
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Seattle
China and Japan
Puget Sound Ports
Grays Harbor
Tillamook Bay
Humboldt
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Newport & Way Ports.
Willapa Harbor
San Diego & Way Ports
Seattle and Hadlock
Panama & Way Ports..)
Portland and Astoria..
Point Arena
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 13
July li
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 15
July IS
July 15
July 15
July. 16
July 16
July 16
July 16
July 17
July 17
July 18
July 18
July 18
July 19
July IS
July 18
lJuly 18
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. | Pier.
9 am Pier 13
5 pm Pier 8
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
8 am Pier 13
Eureka
Czarina
Coos Bay .
Newburg
Empire
Alliance
Santa Rosa. . ¦
St. Paul......
Leelanaw
Walla Walla.
Pt. Arena....
Pomona {
North Fork..
Mandalay....
Bonlta
July 13.
Humboldt
Seattle & Tacoma .
Newport & Way Pt
Oray 8 Harbor ....
Coos Bay
July 14.
Portld & Coos Bay
S. pipgo & W. Pta
July 15.
Nome & St Michael
N. Y. via Panama
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena
July 16.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Coqullle River
Ban Pedro & Way.
Jwly IT.
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way.
China and Japan...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay
San Diego
Humboldt
July 18.
Panama & Way Pts
Nome and \ Teller. .
8 am Pier 16
3 am Pier 11
I ¦
2 pm Pier 34
2 pm Pier 20
11 am Pier 9
2 pm Pier 2
1:30 p Pier, 9
9 am Pier 2
4 pm Pier si
9 am Pier 11
San Pedro....
Arequlpa
Nippon Maru
Connemaugh.
O. W. Elder..
Arcata
Corona
Noyo
10 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 16
1 pm PMSS
Pier —
11 am Pier 24
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
Newport
Arctic.
12 m PMSS
|l2 ' m Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination,
Sails. '
Victorian....... Skaguay & "Way Ports. July 13
Dtrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Dolphin 6kaguay & "Way Ports. July 16
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & "Way Ports. July 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Chas. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City July 20
Queen.. Skaguay & Way -Ports. July 24
Excelsior....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 25
Nome City I Nome & Teller City.... July 25
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
'.'6:55 s
.4:53
.7:3s
- m.
;> Time ¦ Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W
15 ... 3:20 —0.8 10:26 4.5 2:44
14 .. .4:10—1.0 11:16 4.7 3:40
15;.. 4:56—1.1 12:00 .5.0 4:31
16 ... 5:40—1.0 12:42 5.1 5:24
17 .. 6:20—0.7 1:20 5.3 - 6:18
H W L W H W
18... 0:27 " 5.8 7:00—0.3 2:03
19 V.-. 1:18 5.3 ¦ 7:40 . 0.2 2:41
ITlmel
I Ft.
H W
Ft.
2.8
2.8
9:03
9:55
10:48
11:35
6.6
6.4
6.4
6.1
5.3
5.4
• 7:15
. 8:13
.;....
¦ 2.3
2.3
Steamer.
From.
Due.
St. Paul
Conemaugh....
Noyo
Crescent City..
North Fork....
Mandalay......
Pomona........
G. W. Elder...
Bonlta
Corona...
Santa Barbara
San Pedro.!....
Bristol
Washtenaw
Arcata
State of Cal....
Peru
Umatllla
Fulton.".
AV. H. Kruger.
Eureka....
Rainier
Coos Bay
Rival
Santa Rosa
Robt. Dollar...
San Bias
Columbia ..
Point Arena...
Nome & St. Michael...
Nome & St. Michael...
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt
Coqullle River
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria..
San Pedro & Way Pts.
San Diego
Humboldt
Humboldt
Oyster Harbor
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Seattle
China and Japan
Puget Sound Ports
Grays Harbor
Tillamook Bay
Humboldt
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Newport & Way Ports.
Willapa Harbor
San Diego & Way Ports
Seattle and Hadlock
Panama & Way Ports..)
Portland and Astoria..
Point Arena
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 13
July 13
July li
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 14
July 15
July IS
July 15
July 15
July. 16
July 16
July 16
July 16
July 17
July 17
July 18
July 18
July 18
July 19
July IS
July 18
lJuly 18
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. | Pier.
9 am Pier 13
5 pm Pier 8
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
8 am Pier 13
Eureka
Czarina
Coos Bay .
Newburg
Empire
Alliance
Santa Rosa. . ¦
St. Paul......
Leelanaw
Walla Walla.
Pt. Arena....
Pomona {
North Fork..
Mandalay....
Bonlta
July 13.
Humboldt
Seattle & Tacoma .
Newport & Way Pt
Oray 8 Harbor ....
Coos Bay
July 14.
Portld & Coos Bay
S. pipgo & W. Pta
July 15.
Nome & St Michael
N. Y. via Panama
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena
July 16.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Coqullle River
Ban Pedro & Way.
Jwly IT.
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way.
China and Japan...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay
San Diego
Humboldt
July 18.
Panama & Way Pts
Nome and \ Teller. .
8 am Pier 16
3 am Pier 11
I ¦
2 pm Pier 34
2 pm Pier 20
11 am Pier 9
2 pm Pier 2
1:30 p Pier, 9
9 am Pier 2
4 pm Pier si
9 am Pier 11
San Pedro....
Arequlpa
Nippon Maru
Connemaugh.
O. W. Elder..
Arcata
Corona
Noyo
10 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 16
1 pm PMSS
Pier —
11 am Pier 24
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
Newport
Arctic.
12 m PMSS
|l2 ' m Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination,
Sails. '
Victorian....... Skaguay & "Way Ports. July 13
Dtrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Alkl Skaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Dolphin 6kaguay & "Way Ports. July 16
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & "Way Ports. July 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Chas. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City July 20
Queen.. Skaguay & Way -Ports. July 24
Excelsior....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 25
Nome City I Nome & Teller City.... July 25
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
'.'6:55 s
.4:53
.7:3s
- m.
;> Time ¦ Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W
15 ... 3:20 —0.8 10:26 4.5 2:44
14 .. .4:10—1.0 11:16 4.7 3:40
15;.. 4:56—1.1 12:00 .5.0 4:31
16 ... 5:40—1.0 12:42 5.1 5:24
17 .. 6:20—0.7 1:20 5.3 - 6:18
H W L W H W
18... 0:27 " 5.8 7:00—0.3 2:03
19 V.-. 1:18 5.3 ¦ 7:40 . 0.2 2:41
ITlmel
I Ft.
H W
Ft.
2.8
2.8
9:03
9:55
10:48
11:35
6.6
6.4
6.4
6.1
5.3
5.4
• 7:15
. 8:13
.;....
¦ 2.3
2.3
RAILWAY TRAVEL
Five Cheap
Excursions
East™
Santa Fe
The places, the rates fop
the round trip and the
dates of sale are below.
The other details can be
had of the Santa Fe
, Agents.
I BUFFALO, $87.00
Aug. 22 and 23;
¦< — Sept. 5 and 6.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 20 and 21.
""LOUISVILLE, $77.50
% August 20 and 21.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
THE COMFORTABLE WAY IS
Santa Fe
641 Market Street.
CiUFORBU KORTHIESTEBB EI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Markets*
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p-m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:39,
6:00. 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
SUNDAYS-^8:10l 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Aprll 28. 1901-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- \* I Sun- I Week
Daya. I days. | Deatlnation. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novatb. 10:40 am ,8:40 am
3:20 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
I Fulton. ;.¦•
7-30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
S:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale 1 7:35 pm 8:50 pm
7:30 am! 5:0*pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:I5 am
3:30 pml 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ 8:20 pm
7-SOaml ~~ 10:40 am 10:25 am
[8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pml 5:00 pm * :2 ° P m
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am »:40 am.
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
T--n .ml 8-00 ami " 110:40 amllO:25 am
3 ;jg gm| lioo linj Sebastopol. \ 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whlte^ Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Ska«a Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, HiBhland Sprlnes, Kelseyvllle. Carla-
i bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprlnrs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
JohnDaA Riverside. Llerley-B. BuckneK'a.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. ¦ Orr-» Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Braw, West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen' s. Dyer. Scotia
al Saturday a to Monday round trip tickets at re-
1 On Sunday 'round trip tickets. to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratei. .;,_•
Ticket Office. 650 Market street, Chronicl*
Building. ¦ , r . ". .
H. C. WHITING. R.' X. RTAN.
\,^-. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• - Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— C:55, 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. *l:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, "6:15, 6:45 p. m.
¦EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on . Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00. 8:00. -9:00. 'lO:©). 11:00, 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. '1:30. 2:30. »3:45. 6:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — «5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a m.. •12:25, 1:15. 2:20, »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *S:00, 9:45. '11:00 a. in., 1>
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *3:30, 4:30. *5:45. 6:45. 7:39; 10:lfl
P Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
am 12:35, 1:45. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 d. m. .
SUNDAYS-6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13.
1-20 ?•30? 3:45.- 5:00. 6:15. 7:15, 10:30 p.m. '
1.W, -.->". THR OUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
5:15* p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. \
¦ 6 a. m; Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
30 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. ' " '.- •
Ififiuiiooiii
ADVERTISEMENTS;
Worth $i a week. Fels-Nap-
tha soap saves half the work
and e'xposure of wash-day. - ~
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't find it so.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
THERE'S A NIGGER IN
THE WOODPILE
Of. many laundries' claims for work-
quality. ' .
Take them with a gTaln of salt and de-
pend upon the TJ. S. holding- 'its reputa-
tion for. excellence of cleansing and fin-
ish, car? in handling goods and prompt
and satisfactory service.
"No saw edges." .
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stresi
Telephone— South 42O, -
Oakland Offlce-54 San Pablo Ave.
G0N0RRHCEA AND URINARY DISCHARGES
Wj r BM E a^HaB^, @
'BJi SB mm fflmm,JHr
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
iMUSEUM OF ANATOMY J
f Q^ 1051HABZIXST.l«t.6'Ji*7ti,5.r.Cal. 1
\ tX^ The Largest Anatoraicil Museum in the \
m ..,. JVj,. World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V jESSi disease posltlvrljr cured by the oldest T
9 |BS Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. <?
M flffg DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I flSW Consultition free and strictly private. \
A I JuW^ Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ m ff *\ Potitiv* Cure in erery case undertaken. T
Ami 111 Write for Book. PmLOKOPHV mt A
¥ ¦ II I' BABIIAGE. MAILED FREE, f A T
A w tr valuable book for men) \
f DB.JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. P. f
A CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
B^~<Sr^v. Orislnal and Only Qeaalae.
A^lJrSOl f " CHICHESTER'S ENGUSH
fS f^*wKSK 1° BED and Gold meUUla boxei. tealed
¦m V*. Wfl Sunrona Sabstltatloas sad I ml to-
I / T- :¦ IB t&omtt. . Buy of your Druggist, or wad 4«. fa '
\ V* ' f? . » ad "Relief for Ladles," in untr, b/ re.*
•\. \:fiJv tnmMaJl. 10,OUOT«ttimontaU. Boldbj-
Ksatiea UUf p.p«. JUa«la*a Baaarc. fBlU. r£l
.RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tmlu !•!»»•• «»¦»«» i»r« «!••• •• §»r»l»» •••
(Kalii line. Foot of AUrkat Street)
lsatb — Fkom Juki 18. 190L — *»»*?»
* 7:Ol»i Edoicia. SuUun, KImira. VacartC*.
Kunusey aud 8&crauiei>to o : 313 f
7l80 4 Martinez, 3au Kaimiu, Vallojo, N»;a,
I'alistoga ami Hanta. Uoaa 6s33f
S:O<»a Davis, Woodland. Knignts Landing.
MarjB7iile. orotillu.. 7:3!)r
»:OOa Atlantic Kxpreu— Ogden and Eaat ]3>S3r
H :o<» a Nlles, L»throp, Stockton «»*¦¦> t
¦iOOaNUbs, Mundota, Hanford. VimlK
Porterrille 4:33»
SiSttA Shasta Express— Dari*. Williams (tot
Bartlett Spring.). WlUowa. KeU
Bluff, Portland. 7:33r
¦iSOa Sait .Jims. LUennote, Stockton,
lone, .Saorameuto. l'laoertilie,
M»rysville. Chleo. Ua.l ltlult 4i»3r
StSOA OakiUle. Chinese (Yoaemlta), So-
nora. Carters •»*»*
O:»«A HaywarJ, Nilei and Waj SUtlouj.. » lisa*
UiOOAVaUejo IStSSr
ViSWa Los Angeles Express — MartlnM,
Tracy. Lathrop. .S took ton. Meroed
*.--:' Freauo and Los Aui*l« 2'??*
•t8»A Valli-Jn. Martinex Md Waj Station* ?s33r
I OjOVa Thn Overland IJn>ite<l— Ogden, Dea-
fer, Omaha. Chicagti BiBor
tliOAr Sacramento Kirer Steauiert '*'??*
8<3»r Ilayward. Nil.-, and Way sutloni.. 7>33r
4iUOr lleuicia. Winters. Saorameuto,
Womllaiid, Kntiflita ]«udlu(, _'_ : i- .
MarrsTilln. Otofllle I»;S3a
4:»0r M;vrtliit<'J!. Ha» JUinon. Vallejo.
Nap*. (.'alUtoKa. .Santa Itom *i33a
4xOOp NUe.«. UTermore. Stockton. LoJl... I«>a3r
4.»<»r Hayw»rd.Nil«.Man Jmw, Liwrmor* t»'»»* -
4i3Of Fort Cos a. Tiacy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 t»t*3A
3:U«rThe Owl Limited— Fresno, Tttlare,
BakeraBelit. Haugus for SaiiU Bar-
bara, Ix>s AnReles Ss«3a
3;OOi- Martin-7!. Antioch. Stockton. Mer- .
ced. Freano J* S *?Z
Stoop Tosemite »2s83» .,
9:30r New Orleans Express— MendoU,
Fresno, Bakemaeld. Los Angeles,
I) mius. Ei Paao. New Orleaa*
and Ea.t .' 2*5?*
• inor Haynanl, Nile, and San Joae ?i9Sa
i«iv«r Vallejo 11:234
««»i»r OrienUl llail-Ogden, CheyeDne,
| Omaha, Chlonjo ia««3p
StOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver.
8». Lonis. Cblc«R<> *t»9r
7:O0p Orogoii and California Kii>rtt<ia. Mao> . /:r
rumuiito. IMiirjBtillB. ICtiililliiK,
I'm -klmiil, l'ngut Mount* an.l Kuk SiSSA
8iO.1pSan Pablo. Fort Coata, Martlaes
aiul Way .Station* UiSSa
t«i«>p VaiUjo -.taay
COAST MNE (Narrow lJan R e).
'¦.'-¦¦: ( foot otMirUct Street.)
17 :45 a Santa Cruz Excursion to danta Crux
aud Principal Way Station* J8i«3»
8:13a Neiriurk.UBiitertille.BanJoao.Fplton, . -•
IioiitderCreek,8auta Uinz aud Way
Btntlons »»*«»
ttiISp Newark, CenlerTille. San .lose, Nnw <
Almailen, Fulton, linnlJor Creek.
Santa V.txu and Principal War
8t»tlo*ia ..........-.........••••--• lOtilOa
4il»r Newark, Han Jose, T^sGatos t*»«-2°*
e4«iapQlenwood.BoalderCreeV.3aDtoCrni «»»3Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Si J JRASCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8>—
17:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:00 S:15r.u.
7 turn 01 IU »»— f ul •! ttui ••;.— f ii;«0 la;00 1 3.-CJ
10:00i.ii. 12:00 2:03 i:03r.M.
COAST IjIXE (liroa.l tiaugt,).
Qlhlrd and Townseml Sta.)
«:I«A 8an Jose and Way .stations.. ..„.,.. ffiS»r
17:00a Hail Josa ami Way SUtbns Ii!tt>>
/7:««A New Aluiadeu /4:10p
t?s30A Sunday Excursion for San Jcse.
Santa Cruz. Padfio GroTe and
Frtndpal Way Stations. JSsUOy
•¦••A Han Joae. Tres l'lnoi, HnnU Crux, .*>•-
Paeltle (.rove, Salio9g, San Lola
¦.• Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
elpal intennedUte stations TtS*y
l*t3*A San Jose and Way Station* -.' *tl»r
I 1«€i»a Uau .losa »•¦<> W>y HUtioiis Si3O»
!»;•*»? San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, aanta Clara, San Jmo,
Tres Pino«, Santa Crnz, Salinaa.
Uouterey ami Pacllie Grors |1*i49a
»i»«r 8an Jose and Way Stations «s3t»*
f4ilSr San Joseand Principal Way Station* »s43a
fSioor San Jose, Los Qatos and Principal
WajSUtlons fVtOOi
8<S0p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8i3» A
StttSp Redwood. Ran Jose. Gllroy. Salinas.
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles 1»sOOa
SiOOr Bel Monte. Monterey. Paciflc GroTe,
Lompoo 19:00a
•i30p San Joae aud Way Stations |SiO«a
qll:43r San Josa and Way Stations Tl»O>
A. for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Bandar excepted. ' t Sunday onty.
a Satnrday only. < Monday .
« Satnrday an 1 Bonday. / Tuesday* and Tridai*.
I Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-strget Terry Depot.
I" Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I I>ocal
Dally 1 * | Daily I D*lly
Lv.-San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
** Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•• Visalia .. 3:40p 4:4Sa
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a «
" Kans. Cy 2:40 a 7:30 a
** Chicago.. : 2:15 p 9:00 p .........
a for morning* p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping 1 Can and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, and Fresno local.
Corresponding; train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which ' cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives " at
5:33 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local. itoK>tn* '
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
I>epot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. . -" ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
TJa gauanw Perry— root of Market St.
tfavc ¦an n>M. «*»ivr ¦>¦ rm*m.
¦US M£l WEEK DATS..... < *|j-£
8:00 A.M.) • f 12:15 P.M.
9A0A.U. 1:15 P.M.
10:00 a. it. 1 gTrvniTa J 3:30 p. m.
11-30 a. M. ' SUNDAYS •( 4:5Op>at
1:30 p. M. I SjOp.il,
2:80 p. M.J I 7:10 F.M.
rare. Saa VnntAttu to Simralt tod Srturn. %IM
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sausalito Ferry.
X^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
ifl KEABST ST. Established s,
fWpff^WRjl" 1SS4 for the treatment of PrivHt«
HM f %i/f&!1 Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
UffBraMtdlsfasi* wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
fail. Try him. rhnxges low.
t^Sfiv ,y7rii[ # *"*"~" ¦-••-"• -¦¦'"'¦*' Callorwrita.
l»r. J. JF. O I BKWA". Waa Francisco, Cat.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, IXVIGORa-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUME/ Agents.
1 323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
j^EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS — RE-
" modeled and renovated. KING WARD &
CO. European plan. Room3. 50c to SI 50 Aav-
J5 to $8 week; $S to $20 month. Free batSi; hot
and cold water every room ; fire grate* la iwy
room: elevator runs all night.
?'.W . > ''>££:'. ADVEBTISEMENTS. *
ABSQLUTE~SECURnX
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear Signature of
Verr small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE I^ARTrtfQl F0RHEADACHL SEE '
0LL uAril tKo FOR DIZZINESS.
' II1.TTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. nr . nT1MP
GENUINE f VFR FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
H PI LLS F0R CONSTIPATION.
wrapppr m m fOR sallow sxih. v/ RAPPER
WHAPPhK Iforthecomplexioh WiiArrLn.
CEZTOX2CB MUSTHAVCSU>MATUHC.
2?cSt» I Pure**" YegetaDlev^Sasw^^i^
¦"FRnSTTElb O3ST K.E3D PAPER."• Rev. E. A. Ross, the: evangelist-, whose
earnest discourses have been, attracting
so much attention in other parts of the
country, will begin a series of services at
the Peniel Missions in this city on Sunday
afternoon at 3 o'clock, when lie will
preach at the Peniel Hall, 49 Third street.
On Sunday at 8.p.'m. and thereafter
through the following week at 10:30 a. m.
and 8 p. m. he will preach ¦ at ¦ the Peniel
Mission, corner Pine and Kearny streets,
and from Sunday, the 21st, through the
week he will preach at the same hours at
49 Third street. . ' ' .. ,
Evangelist Boss tOjPreach.:
Texas produces about one-third of tho
cotton of the country. In peach produc
tion the State ranks next to Georgia.'} v'
The lightkeepers at Fastnet were horri
fied to see a steamer from the east run
ning full on the Little Fastnet, 400 yards
east-southeast. Fastnet immediately dis-f
charged an alarm gun,' signaling danger.'
Before the liner, could be slowed up or
her engines reversed she had apparently
touched the Little Fastnet rock, as she
was seen to list to starboard and then to
port. ¦ ; :
QUEENSTOWN, July. 12.— The Cork Ex
aminer to-day prints a sensational story
of the narrow escape of a four-masited
passenger steamer, westward bound, from
being wrecked off the Fastnet rocks at
3 o'clock p. m. yesterday. The paper
says . the fog lifted in the nick of time
to save the vessel from a fearful disaster.
: EscapecL
Destruction.
. . ¦ ¦ . ?
Vessel Is. Said toV Have
LINER STRIKES
FASTNET ROCKS
Every arrangement Is being perfected
by the stage company for the reception
and entertalnmfnt of all who avail them
selves of this liberal rate. .; The 'passenger
department of this ¦ stage company is In
charge of W. J- White, at 630 Market
street, who will explain all the details of
this trip, and In addition the stage com
pany will have an elegant booth at the
Pavilion during the session of the Ep
wprth League, where information and de
scriptive circulars may be obtained. Thero
Is no dcubt but many visitors will avail
themselves of this -opportunity and visit
the valley by this famous route.
The ticket embraces five and three
quarter days in Yosemite and two and
one-quarter days en. route, on a- road of
magnlflccnt s'cenery, viewing the Tuolum
ne grove of Big Trees without additional
expense, passing over the mining grounds
of old Tuolumne and numerous other at
tractions. .The price of this ticket will be
$40 40, including all expenses en route and
hotels In valley.
The Big OaK Flat and xosemite Stags
Comp'any, In conjunction -with the South
ern Pacific to Oakdale. the Sierra Railway
Company to Chinese Station, have placed
on sale a ticket in their office at 620 Mar-'
ket street. In- this city,; which .'has never
before been -equaled in ¦ the history of
travel to Yosemite Valley. This ticket
was placed on sale by the management to
favor the visiting Epworthers, and at a
nominal rate, -which -would give these vis
itors an opportunity of visiting this far
famed valley. ; .,>*•
Special Excursion Kates to Yosemite
Valley. " ' .:'",££.
At the afternoon session Deputy Superin
tendent of Schools Jordan testified that he
had once examined the -Hancock School
and found the pupils -capable and the
class work excellent. A similar report by
the Superintendent was accepted as evi
dence. Miss N; Lastreto, Miss- M. G. Sul
livan and Miss E. G. Phillips, teachers in
the Hancock School, testified that Miss
McKenzie had been faithful in the super
vision of the classes and had made: dally
visits thereto. The first named said she
had experienced a. great deal of trouble
with the study course, but had managed 'It
pretty well. .
C. W. Moores, once principal of the Han
cock School, testified that two-thirds of
eighth grrade class were not fit for it in
the beginning and that accounted for their
failure at the examination. "When asked
whether he did not think Miss McKenzie
was of a nervous temperament, Moores
replied, that the lady had "plenty of'tem
per;" -. -. ¦ - - • . - - -
Madison Babcock, • former Superinten
dent of Schools, thought that Miss Mc-
Kenzie was excessively nervous during his
incumbency and did not possess the neces
sary attributes for a- principal. The board
then took the matter under advisement
and will render a 1 decision in about -two
weeks. . . . .. ¦ . .- - . '. ¦ .. , , ,.. .. .. . .,,,
Class Work "Was Excellent.
Miss McKenzie explained as the reason
for the bad, showing made by the eighth
grade pupils of her school that examina
tions were held in December, 1900, and the
more able pupils were sent to the High
School, leaving poorer ones and recruits
from the seventh grade to constitute the
class. A circular issued by the board was
then read by the witness, In which she was
directed to put fifty-five pupils in her
classes. In order to comply with this or
der it was necessary to fill up the eighth
grade classes with pupils who were un
able to handle the work prescribed.
Miss McICenzie's attorney attempted to
have, a -letter introduced in evidence in
which the. principal had complained of the
unfitness of her assistant whose discipline
Was. had. . The letter was admitted after
the name "of the . dellnauent had been
eliminated therefrom. Miss McKenzie de-
Sired, to show that It was several months
before the board would assist her in find
ing another place for her. assistant.
Another reason., for the failure of tho
pupils was the f act, thaf they are of for
eign parentage, Miss McKenzie said. 'She
admitted that the- studies "Snowbound"
and "Thanatopsia" had not been a3 thor
oughly taught as they should have been.
In the matter of report cards Mi«s Mc-
Kenzie had taken it for granted that the
teachers had been sending them out and
had never made inquiry about them.
Miss McKenzie Explains.
Miss Clark, eighth grade teacher in the
•Hearst Grammar School, testified that she
had little difficulty with the course, only
three candidates having failed in her
class. L. M. Shuck, vice principal of the
Adams. Cosmopolitan School, also spoke
favorably of the study course. Nine pupils
had failed out of thirty-six In his class.
The trial of Miss Margaret McKenzie,
principal of the ¦ Hancock Grammar
School, against whom charges of racom
petency have been preferred by parents,
was concluded yesterday before the Board
of. Education. Miss McKenzie was the
principal .witness of Lthe day. She was
on the stand in own -defense for a
good part of the session. The trial seems
to have developed into a Sort of justiflca
.tl6n;'of"the-cdursa^of_study adopted by the
board. The directors*' resent the oft-re
peated s charge that the course, was in
reality responsible for the failure of 70
per cent of. the pupils in the advanced
eighth (grades in the Hancock School in
the • examination for entrance into the
High schools. It has been claimed that
the course is too heavy for .the pupils to
digest, so the" board called several teach
ers to disprove this assertion. .
She Attempts to Justify the
Failure of Pupils in
{ Examinations.
Eecker save an emphatic denial to the
statement that he had ever said anything
about "fixing" the case and said that
Bert Potter, a teamster, used to han^
around his saloon and he might be tho
man referred to by the woman. Detective
Gibson was instructed to find Potter and
"Jack" and bring them, in, and the fur
ther Investigation was continued till this •
morning:. - ¦ - .
The Judge was angry when he heard
the statements that the case could be
"fixed" with him and ordered subpenaa
to be issued for the attendance jof Becker.
"Bert" and "Jack," the druggist, at 2
o'clock. The only one present -was Becker,
as Bailiff Dougherty had been unable to
find any trace of "Bert" or "Jack." The
woman repeated her statement but con
tradicted herself inasmuch as she, said
that Becker had not said anything- about
"fixing" the case, but that "Bert" was
the only one who had done so. ,"/.¦¦¦; ,
-Yesterday morning- in court she made an
explanation to the Judge as to the- cause
of her disappearance. She said that' Abo
Becker, proprietor of a saloon at 115 Eddy
street, had told" her that he could have
the case "'rlaysd" for $20 and reminded her
that some' one was evidently preju
dicing her case. A hanger-on at
Becker's saloon, whom she knew as
"Bert." had also made the sam« proposi
tion to her, but had reduced the amount
to $10. "Jack," a druggist In the vicinity'
of Post street, who was a friend of her
roommate7" had advised, her to go away
as things looked bad for her. Others had
proffered similar advice and that was why
she had gone to Santa Rosa.
Judge Fritz is investigating an alleged
attempt to extort money from a woman of
the red-light distriet on the I strength of
the assertion that a charge of grand lar
ceny, against her could be "fixed" wllh
the Judge on the payment of money.
There have been so many similar cases re
ported that the Judge Is determined. It
satisfactory evidence is produced, -ft sus-.
tain the charge to make an example of
the offender. . , • - '.'.. ¦ » ' .
Stella. Bolman was arrested about' two
months ago.- on the' charge of grand .lar
ceny for stealing J13o from Charles Qulnn,
act ex-soldier, then living at 520 Stock
ton"*street. The woman waa released'- on
$150 cash "bail, furnished by Saloon-keeper
John Crowley. The case was continued
from time to time, as the complaining
witness could not be found, but after ho
nad given • his testimony, about three
weeks ago, the defendant disappeared and
a bench warrant was issued for her ar-.
rest. The police learned Thursday morn-
Ing that she was in Santa Rosa, and De
tective T. B. Gibson found her there and
brought her back to the city. • - ¦•
Regarding the Stella
Bolman -Case.
Peculiar Statements Made
Make a Thorough
Investigation.
SCANDAL OVER
"FIXING" A CASE
Police Judge .Fritz "Will
PRINCIPAL PUTS
IN HER DEFENSE
Directors Conclude the
Trial of Miss M.
McKenzie.
9
Insurgents Fire on Cebu.
MANILA,' July ; 12.— Cebu,\ capital of the
Island of that name,: is still frequently
fired upon by the ¦ insurgents. ; ; General
Hughes, in command of the Visayas, re
ports progress in the : task of penetrating
the Island of Baroar and . scattering' the
Insurgents. ' *-~.";,~ : :.~i' - ;; ; ' '¦.'."•?- .:
zard and Lieutenant Mitchell, while espe
cially praisln g , Taylor . for the ; discretion
he showed after obtaining'the- Aguinaldo
letters. He also speaks in high praise of
Commander Barry of the Vicksburg and
the assistance the navy rendered: him. 1 ,
Counsel have finished their argument on
the petition of Theresa A. Oelrichs, Vir
ginia Vanderbilt and Charles L. Fair for
distribution to them- of the personal prop
erty of the estate of the, late James G.
Fair, and Judge Troutt . took the matter
under advisement and announced that he
would hand down his decision in the case
next Friday. '• ;¦•.-• -' ': _" ' - .J ,.
Garret McEnerney. and Robert Y. Hayne
argued on behalf of the trustees, and
asked the court to declare the trust clause
of decedent's will : which relates to the
personal property valid. They argued
that though the- Supreme Court had de
clared the trust clause invalid bo ! far as
It related to the real estate, in that it es
tablished a trust to convey, McEnerney
and Hayne contended there is still a suf
ficient portion of the will remaining Intact
to permit of the Carrying out of the tes
tator's original intentions in regard to the
personal property.
Charles S. Heggerty and ex-Governor
Budd, on behalf of the petitioners, argued
that in sustaining any portion of the will,
now that the trust so far as the real es
tate was concerned had been declared In
valid, would in no way result in the car
rying out of the testator's original inten
tions. The trust had been mutilated, they
said, hence mu3t fall, there being left no
fabric that could logically be said to In
any way even express the Intention of the
testator. ; .... . -:¦:' •. ., -
SUBMIT FAIR CASE FOB.
DECISION* BY THE COTTKT
Attorneys Conclude Their Argument
on Validity of Trust Clause Re
lating to Personalty.
"At last the Buckeye valiants are tired
of sucking eggs that have no meat in
them. They realize that inflationism in
all its forms is a losing card. They want
to win. To win they must get together.
To get together they must get away from
dead issues and line up on live issues.
"Mr. Bryan lias had both his chance
and his day. His plea for another trial
will not hold water. His dictation no
longer exercises any power of command.
It means simply hopeless division, con
tinued defeat, ultimate .ruin. Any one
with half a mind can , see this plainly.
Hence the Ohio Democrats, - in State con
vention, realizing- the situation, and acting
upon it, put the past, with its factions
and dissensions, behind- them, and choos^
ing a new leader in James Kilbourne they
turn their faces toward the future and to
victory. This is ; the conduct of reason
able and sensible people, who have condi
tions but not theories to deal with, and
who do not mean to go to the devil with
their eyes open. ¦ - '
"Now, as in days gone by, It is the boys
in the trenches on whom the party and
the country must rely. If Mr. Bryan is
wise he will fall in with the rest. All that,
he can do by staying out will be. to sow
seeds of future trouble, to disorganize
and disgruntle, and In /.the end to lose
much credit that he has won. Presently
the tramp of legions will be heard tread
ing down all before it. Presently the
gleam of Mauser rifles 'loaded with mod
ern and improved ammunition and the
fixed bayonets of Democracy, unterrifled
and undefined, will be seen above the
hilltops. The new day has dawned. Death
to fools that get In the way." : .
LOUISVILLE, July 12.-In an editorial
with the caption ;."The Day Begins to
Dawn" Henry Watterson In to-day's
Courier-Journal discussed the Ohio State
Convention and the turning down of. Bry
an and the Kansas City platform. He
said: '
Special Dispatch to The C&JI.
¦-.'¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦ 1 ¦¦- •. '
Kentucky Editor Com
mends, Action o£ -the
Ohioans.
BRYAN IS OUT,
SAYS WATTERSON
any branch of his own department. He
says the Government does not contem
plate the establishment of any system of
and the bay posts, and he will be given an
opportunity to Inspect thoroughly the
transport busines of this port.
HEAD OP 1HE QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT, UNITED STATES
ARMT, THE WORK OF WHICH IN THE LAST THREE TEARS HAS
GROWN TO BE OF TREMENDOUS IMPORTANCE. • . .
* "WASHINGTON, July 12.— The War De
partment to-day made public Brigadier
General Funston's report of the capture
of Aguinaldo on May 2. This report pre
sented in detail all the facts relating- to
the capture of Aguinaldo which were
made public at that time.
General Funston shows that his, entire
plan of the expedition was submitted to
the commanding general of the Depart
ment of Northern Luzon and then Vas
sent to General MacArthur, by whom it
was approved. Genefal Funston goes into
details concerning ¦ the ¦ captured corre
spondence of ¦ Aguinaldo and the' use he
made. of Cecilio Cegismundo, who had
presented himself to Lieutenant J. D.
Taylor of the Twenty-fourth Infantry with
letters of Aguinaldo he was to deliver to
various insurgent chiefs. General . Funs
ton gives the, following account of the
i forged letters which were used to deceive
I Aguinaldo: ...-. ' . ¦¦ : . '¦
I On October T 24, 1900, while scouting- in : the
vicinity of Gapan, Nueva Escija, I had sur
prised the Insurgent chief Lacuna In his camp,
and had ' captured - among other things some
¦writing- paper which bore his headquarters'
seal. On this paper two letters were written
to Aguinaldo over the carefully forged " signa
ture of Lacuna. One of these letters was dated
1 February 24, 1901, at Bulac, a place In the
mountains east of, Panaranda. .. In it Lacuna
acknowledged the receipt of Agulnaldo's let
terB of January 13 and 14 and thanked him for
the confirmation of his (Lacuna's) appointment
as brigadier general, made some time pre
viously by Alejandrino. It will be remembered
that the letters to Aguinaldo referred to had
fallen into our hands. The letter indulged in
the usual rhetoric employed by the Insurgent
chiefs In their correspondence and gave a glow
ing account of the progress of the campaign
from the standpoint of Lacuna.
Letters to the Insurgent.
Another letter, supposedly from the same
place, but dated February 28, was prepared,
stating that the writer had Just received a
communication from Baldlmero Aguinaldo, or
dering him to send one of his best companies,
under a reliable chief, to Emilio Aguinaldo in
Isabela. In accordance with these " orders hn
was sending this force under Lieutenant Colonel
Illlarlo Placldo. The latter, he stated, had
been captured by the Americans a year ago,
and after his release he had lived in Jaen.
but recently had -taken, to the • field again
when ordered to do" so' by. Lacuna. This was
included in the letter, for fear that Aguinaldo
might have heard -'that Placldo had been cap
tured by the- Americans -and- had taken, the
oath of allegiance; The letter also stated that
Aguinaldo's courier, Cecilio . Cegismundo, waa
with Lacuna arid would accompany the column.
These two letters were dictated by me,' but
were written by Segovia. We were in pos
seeslon • of a number of- samples . of Lacuna's
signature and had previously succeeded in ex
ecuting a very neat forgery .'of his autograph
at the end of each one of the two sheets.;
Of the; actual -capture General Funston
says:— /^ : ''. : »,;,- - ~ ;-'- '
The Macabebes . started up into. the. town and
we heard 'a: few shots followed by scattered" fir
ing. . We hastily crossed.the river and' running
up on the town found that the Macabebes were
somewhat demoralized, and; firing- wildly In
every direction. They were; gotten under con
trol with some difficulty,, Asrulnaldo's guard
of about fifty armed and neatly uniformed men
had been drawn uo to receive the reinforce
ments, and beinir fired into broke and ran, a
few of them returning the^fire as they re
treated. '-' A«rulnaldo with his . officers had
waited' in his Quarters.-. Placldo and Segovia
entered the house to report 'their arrival and
after a- short conversation Serovla stepped out
side the house and ordered the. Macabebes.
who had Just come up from the river bank, to
open- fire on the Insurffente, -who- were -stand
ing in line at a distance of about fifty yards.
The Mr.cftbebf a were I so, excited and nervous
that - their rifle . fire was very ineffective. ¦ But
two of the insurgents ¦ were killed, the' re
mainder taking. flight, throwing down_eiEhteen
.rifles and a thousand rounds of ammunition^
The. Capture of Aguinaldo.;.
As «oon as Seeovla had given the order he
ran back : Into the house And. opened fire I on
the officers surroundine ' Aguinaldo. He
wounded Villa ' and Hambra. . The ; latter
Jumped out of the house , Into the river and
was not seen again. Villa, on being wounded,
surrendered, as did also Santiago Barcelona,
Agulnaldo'B treasurer. The five remaining of
ficers escaDed from -the house and- swam the
river. Placldo seized Aguinaldo and to]d him
he was 'a urisoner of . the Americans. At this
Juncture the Americans ; arrived on the ' scene
and ,gave their attention to getting the Mara
bebes under control and protectins the pris
oners-from them. -One Macabebe was slightly'
wounded by. a gunshot wound in thjs. forehead.
. In conclusion General . j? uriston deals out
praise generously to all who shared In
the expedition; mentioning Captain H»z
zard,' Captain Newton,'-. Lieutenant '. Haz- '
Kansan's Report on
Ag-uinaldo's Capture .
Made Public.
FUNSTON TELLS
OF THE FIGHT
ys-^ RIGADIER GENERAL M.' , I.
IJ/ LUDINGTON, quartermaster
I general' of the United States
WzJJ army, arrived in town yesterday.
He is en his way to the Philip
pines to inspect the conditions of his de
partment in the islands.
Press of business has delayed General
Ludington until three • weeks \ after the
other .staff officers, who are now on their
way to Manila, but he is going on the
same general mission— to see and report
1 and to be able to make suggestions for the
improvement oC his department and to
correct defects and weaknesses. He will
leave here on the transport Grant, which
will sail on the 16th inst., and he will be
in the islands about thirty days.
General Ludington says no definite plan
of inspection has been suggested to him,
nor will he confine himself specially to
Livingston Jenks, chairman of the con
ciliatory committee endeavoring to ar
range the differences between the strik
ing ironworkers and the member* 1 of the
Metal Trades Association, had a long in
terview yesterday afternoon -.with Irving
M Scott of the Union Iron Works. Mr.
Jenks said his meeting: was very pleas
ant and at its close announced that. Mr.
Scott was willing to listen to the de
mands of the Ironworkers and asked that
they* be submitted to him In writing.
Mr. Jenks also visited a number of
other manufacturing and lronworking
establishments, but as the principal mem-,
hers of the places visited were out or the
city little further progress 5 was made. v
A plea for additional financial assist
ance for the striking ironworkers was
made to the council. President McCabe
of the Iron Trades Council stated that it
would take at least $20,000 a week to keep
the men from breaking away from the
ranks. A committee was appointed to
visit the unions to solicit further aid. ;
The action of the Allied Printing Trades
of Sacramento in regard .to., the. Kern
County School Board In reference to the
use of books other than those of the State
series which was indorsed by the Allied
Printing Trades Council of San Francisco,
received the support of the Labor-Coun
cil. The resolution will be forwarded
throughout the State.'. .
Nominations . for officers closed the
meeting. The -election, is to be held two
weeks, hence. ¦ ; • ' .. : .'C -.V
R. I. "Wilier. 927 Market street. San Fran
cisco: Pay' no attention to 'press' reports of
etrlke bein«r oft here. Men still. out and very
determined. Keep machinists away. ' -
H. E. SCHILLING.
Secretary Wisler of. the Machinists'
Union reported that . the" ironworkers
were still firm and said also that all press
reports about changes In the situation In
the Eastern States could not be believed.
He said he had information that the
strike at Newport News was still on, and
that reports from Cincinnati were-con
tradicted in the following telegram:
. • " CINCINNATI, O.. July- 12.
-Ironworkers Still Firm.
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
be submitted to the Board of Supervisors of
San Francisco, to each member thereof, and to
the press.
Adopted by the San Franelpco Labor Council
July 12. 1S0L ' W. H. GOFF, President.
ED ROSENBERG. Secretary. • ¦ .-. .
Very Much in Earnest. "
In addition to supporting the action of
the committee it was proposed that the
members -should- appear before the Board
of Supervisors -and add their personal ap
peals to the rejection of the offer which
one delegate termed the result of "Phe
lan's philanthropic beggary." So earne»t
were the members present to secure
prompt action that debate was cut off in
the shortest possible time. ;
Retaliatory measures are to be taken
against the wholesale butchers and
Butchertown is to be doomed. If the at
tornevs of "the- council can flnd''a legil
way to accomplish this. result. After Del
egate Lane. of. the Cooks' and Waiters'
Alliance had reported that the strike 0t
that body was in a flourishing condition,
with plenty of funds coming in from local
and Kastern sources, the report of the ex
ecutive committee relating to the attitude
of the butchers .was presented. The rec
ommendation that a boycott be placed on
Hammond & JBrod and L. D. Stone & Co.
for refusing meat to restaurants display
ing the union card was adopted. The
striking cooks and waiters will furnish
the pickets to proclaim the "unfairness"',
cf these two places.
"We have been looking 1 into the matter
of the continuance of Butchertown in its
present condition." said Secretary Rosen
berg, "and we find that its removal is
possible. I think in retaliation for the ac
tion the wholesale and jobbing butchers
i have taken we should avail ourselves of
legal aid to cause the removal of that
ill-smelling place. It exists only through
the suffrage of the people and we think
we have found the way to have It re
moved." • ¦ . ¦
The executive committee by a rising
vote was instructed to proceed with the
matter and engage Such legal talent as
might be necessary to carry the matter |
to a conclusion. ' i
At the suggestion of I. Less, secretary
of Journeymen Barbers' Union No. 148,
steps were taken to make things uncom
fortable for A. Goldstein. 105 Fourth
street, a former member of the union. .
"This man," said Less*, "boasts of be
ing able to go to barber 'colleges' and
get all the help he wants. He tried to
get It In other directions, but failed. He
proposes to keep open till. 10 o'clock at
night and later all night, but we will at
tend to his case. He boasted to-dav at
headquarters that -he was supported in
his' action by the/ Merchants' Associa
tion."- •¦ -
The reauest of the barbers waa in
dorsed, as was also the request of the Up
holsterers' Union for a boycott on the
California Lounge and Mattress Com
pany on New Montgomery street for em
ploying non-union help. .It' was stated
that all other manufacturing upholsterers
would be in hearty accord with the!
action. ij«iv*i'-v?i
I enthusiasm, aiter a. few brief speeches.
j The resolutions were proposed by the law
i and legislative committee, of -which W.
Macarthur is chairman, and read as fol
! lov.s:
I Whereas, We learn that Andrew Carnegie
j has offered a grift of money to San Francisco
lor library purposes, In response to a personal <
, letter of solicitation from Mayor James D.
Phelan; and, . . • • !
Whereas. Th!s offer is entirely gratuitous oni
Mr. Carnegie's part, so far as the citizens of
San Krancieco are concerned. Mayor Phelan'
having acted solely upen his own reaponBlbll-;
ity and m orrcsltlon to the sentiments of the
communitv. as Implied by the common rules.
of propiiet;- and self-respect; therefore, be It
- Resoived. By the San Francisco Labor Coun-!
ell, that. the offer. of Mr. Carnegie .should be,
respectfully declined for the following reasons, ;
tO Wit: rr
L. San Francisco is not 5n need of private,
financial aid In the carrying out of any proper
or necessary public function.
2. The acceptance of such aid, .especially'
under the conditions named by the intending
donor, 1. e., that the city shall make extra-:
ordinary appropriations from its own funds,
would be an admission of the covert, and'
wholly unjustifiable, charge that the city Is;
unable of it* own volition to- make adequate,
provision for the public needs; an admission,,
moreover, of the presumptuous claim of a.'
wealthy non-resident to dictate our municipal
policy In the assumed name of philanthropy.
3. The wealth which Mr. Carnegie has offered
to share with the citizens of San Francisco
has been -accumulated largely by notoriously;
questionable means in his dealings with th«j
Government, anionff which may be mentioned:
the extortionate prices charged for armor-,
plate tor United States vessels, as compared
with the" prices charged by him for the same'
materials sold for use on the naval vessels cl
foreign nations, and the supplying of defec
tive armor-plate for the naval vessels of the
United States. * .
4. The ¦wealth of Mr. Carnegie has been ac
cumulated in the main by the exercise of a
cruel, heartless and degrading policy toward
his employe?, as witness the tragedy of Home
stead.
5. Any public structure erected ¦with money
so accumulated and bo donated would stand as
a perpetual charee against the morals of the
community as exemplifying 1 a regard solely
for the power of wealth to the exclusion of all
consideration for the character of the donor,
the manner in which his wealth has been come
by and the "real motives that inspire its dis
tribution.
6. The Carnegie philosophy that "to die ;
rich is to die disgraced" can be justified only,
upon the assumption of disgrace in the making
of rlcfccs. consequently the assumption of dis
grace must attach equally to those who share
in such riches; and be It further
Resolved, That we condemn the action of
Mayer Phelan in soliciting financial aid in the
name of the city without first consulting the
citizens through their accredited representa
tives, tSie Board of Supervisors, as an excess
of his powers and a gross breach of propriety,
and that we condemn his action In forwarding
a letter of thanks to Mr. Carnegie In the name
of the, public as entirely premature and un
warranted by any public expression on the
subject: and be It further
San -Francisco. L«bor Council amid much
A series of resolutions denunciatory of
Mayor Phelan's solicitation of the pro
posed Carnegie gift to San Francisco were
adopted last night at tho meeting of th<3
Suggests Removal of Butcher
town as Measure of Re
taliation. .
The Republican Primary League was
established, and citizens of the party were
invited to join the organization. The re
sponse was prompt and gratifying. The
local bosses, who had gained control of
the regular party machinery through bal
lot-box stuffing at the open primary last
November, became alarmed at the force
cf the movement for good government,
and sought by violence and trickery to
prevent the formation of district clubs
under the league auspices. The old-time
methods of violence failed and the league
effected an organization in every- district.
Meanwhile the Bouvier county committee,
deriving its power from the municipal
convention held two years ago, and the
Tilden county committee, deriving its
power from the convention held last Sep
tember, each filed with the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners a plan of apportion
ment for delegates to the approaching
convention. The State Committee Is now
asked to intervene to recognize one com
mittee or the other.
The Republican citizens and taxpayers
who are giving their time and energies to
further the cause of honest local govern
ment do not care whether either commit
tee is recognized. They care not whether
the convention consists ~ot 300" or 350 dele
gates. They are willing to leave all such
points to the Election Commission, where
they properly belong, but the bosses, de
moralized by the signs of defeat at the
coming primary election, appeal to the
State Committee for help. They fancy
that official recognition will give them
pome prestige. Besides, they hope to gain
the advantage of preliminary organiza
tion in calling the municipal convention
to order. There is no shadow of right,
Justice or good party policy in calling the
State Committee to Interfere in the local
affairs of this city. Independent anti
boss Republicans in every district of the
city and in every county of the State
should enter a vigorous protest against
the ill-advised and unprincipled interfer
ence.
Colonel Stone's Position.
Colonel Stone remarks that no one
knows what faction will be recognized. !
Kvery one but the chairman of the State
Committee knows that the bosses expect
recognition, and he knows that the peti
tion came from the Tilden committee,
v.-hlch is nothing more nor less than the
instrument of corrupt bosses. The re
spectable organizations of the party are
not asking the State Committee to inter
fere. The bosses behind the scheme expect
to hold the ptoxies of members who can
not attend the meeting, and it is expected
that the proxies will be voted to help the
bosses out of their dilemma. It is already
programmed that Democrats shall be
rounded up under the leadership of Sam
Rainey and ethers to lend aid and com
fort to the Republican bosses at the pri
mary election. It is the programme for
these Democrats to vote for Republican
delegates in the Twenty^eighth, Twenty
ninth. Forty-first, Forty-fourth and For
ty-fiftl^ districts. Two days ago the chair
man of the Republican State Committee
deeply deplored the puggestion cf calling
the committee together, and now he con
sents to bring the State body into local
concerns.
Some good, however, will spring from
the agitation. Anti-boss Republicans In:
every rtfstrlct of the city will redouble
their efforts to multiply the membership
of the Primary League.
Republican Primary League.
Colonel George Stone, chairman cf the
Republican State Committee, decided last
evening to issue a call for a special meet
ins of that body In San Francisco next
Saturday. The call for the meeting will
be issued to-day.
Republican citizens and taxpayers who
nre engaged In a struggle against bosses
to obtain honest and efficient local gov
ernment in San Francisco will receive
with profound regret the intelligence that
the State Committee Is to be driven into
the contest to help the bosses. According
to the knowledge of the situation which
comes to this journal Colonel Stone issues
the call for a special meeting on the peti
tion of the chairman and secretary of the
Kelly-Crimmlns county committee. This
petition sets forth that there are two bod
ies claiming the right before the Election
Commission to represent the Republican
party, and the petitioners desire the State
Committee to recognixe one of them as
the legal body.
There is no excuse whatever for the in
terference of the State Committee in our
local affair^, and the Republican voters of
San Francisco will resent the intrusion at
the first opportunity. The election in
volved is for municipal officers only. No
members of the Legislature or other State
officers are to be chosen at the coming
election. The charter, authorized by tho
constitution, framed and adopted by the
people and ratified by the Legislature,
places the power to regulate election af
fairs in the hands of the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners. There is no pretense
that the Commissioners will refuse or
neglect to perform the duties of that of
fice. The petition- is simply a political
trick to bring the State Committee to the
assistance of Crimmins and Kelly.
•The facts involved should be made
known to Republicans in the city and
throughout the entire State. For many
years the Republican workingmen. mer
chants and business men of the city have
been waging war against the local bosses
in order to obtain honest and faithful ad
ministration of local affairs. When the
primary election law was approved they
resolved to organize without regard to
county committee factions and open a
campaign for good locals government.
Chairman Stone Consents to
Issue a Call for Special
Meeting.
Labor Council to Op
pose Its Acceptance
by City.
CARNEGIE'S GIFT
IS NOT WANTED
BOSSES DRIVEN
TO THE CORNER
Appeal for Help to the
Republican State
Committee.
GENERAL LUDINGTON ARRIVES
ON THE WAY TO PHILIPPINES
Quartermaster General Says He Has No Definite Plans
as to His Work in the Islands.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.LI, SATURDAY;; JULY 13, 1901.
General Ludington. Is at the Palace
Hotel, where lie and MrB. Ludington will
remain until their departure for the isl
ands. In> the meantime General Luding
ton will be ' taken> through. . the ! Presidio
lnterlsland transportation or any system i
of Interior' transportation In " the several
islands. "That will be left to private en
terprise," he remarked last evening. . .
Since the breaking ..out of the Spanish •
•war, and In- the war with the Filipinos
and the war in China, 'the quartermaster's
department of the army has grown to be
of tremendous importance. The personnel
of the corps, now that all volunteers have
been discharged, Is 50 per cent larger than
It was before tho call to arms iu,1898,
while the duties have increased in greater
proportion. The transport Easiness has
become one of the biggest branches of the
department, but General Ludington says
there is no sentiment_in favor of making
a separate department of the transport
service. Thero has been come suggestion
that such a plan would be advisable, as
the transport business has grown to equal
that of seme of the biggest shipping con
cerns In the world, and its naval charac
ter makes it a class of work almost by
itself. ¦ ..:.¦¦ •- • ¦ -
POSTUM CEREAI,.
NEW HUSBAND.
Quite an Improvement on the Old.
"I have been compelled to stop drink-
Ing It." I said to the friend who asked me
to strengthen up on a cup of her good
coffee. "Well," she said, "that needn't
bother you, for I have Postum Food
Coffee here, which completely cured a
friend of mine of elck headaches." I tried
her coffee and it was very good, but when
I tried to make It at home I was disap-
pointed. I Boon found that I was not
making it correctly, but by putting in two
heaping teaspoonfuls of "Postum for each
person and letting It boil twenty minutes
It was delicious.
I had at that time been an invalid for
eeveral years, but did not know - my
trouble was caused by coffee drinking, of
which I was very fond. . I immediately
began to feel better after leaving off cof-
fee and using Postum, «and stuck to It.
One day I met a lady who was troubled
the fame as I was, and whose appearance
on the street really shocked me. for she
v.tis so emaciated. She exclaimed In 'sur-
prise at my improved appearance, and
wanted to know what I had been doing.
She apked me if I had had a healer of
any kind. I eaid. "Yes. I have allowed
Postum Food Coffee to work the almost
complete miracle of curing me."/
My husband has been absent In Georgia
for some time, and has been in wretched
health; having been in the hospital. twice
for indigestion. I wrote him to stop
usirs coffee and try Pestum; told him also
JUst how to make it. Yesterday I received
a letter from him in which he says: "I
am feeling very much better, thanks to
you and Postum. I sleep better, eat bet-
ter, pr.d in fact, my dear, am quite an im-
provement on the old husband." Alice L.
Gilson, &00 Park Ave.. Bait Lake City.
Utah.
1 a to Catarrh Core Famous, '¦'¦S,Hifll
ell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, the new Catarrh euro catarrh, bat simply Rive temporary relief which f|p?3p??]|?f^'f*j
|ia has the following advantages over othei catarrh adosoofpL:' salt and water Will do just as well. l§|§35$J/if ]^J(\ \
E19 remedies. ' ~ : ] ''¦¦'. "¦ '-¦'¦ Catarrh must bo driven out of the system, out K SgJ IB * '*J \r \^J . .
HI First- These tablets contain no cocaine, mor- of tho blood, by an Internal remedy because *n lit *</££»
mSi pnlneorany other injurious drug and are as internal remedy is the only kind which can bo |(g jjl II I {#3/
HI 6 afe and beneficial for children as for adults; assimilated Into the blood. %£\ |l| Mil Wfjlu
Wk :id» 13 an important point when It is re-called Stuart's Catarrh Tablets" do this better thaa jgg Ifl^ HW/A
ESS that many catarrh remedies do contain these the old form of treatment because they contain. |*3 . tt If \^/ JfJ}
fH very objectldnal ingredients. * orery safe epedflc known to modem, sctenco In lOB Jj *i
WM Next: Being in tablet form this remedy does the antiseptic treatment of the disease sk\'Vb * ' f
m Dot deteriorate with age. or an exposure to the * ext: The uso oi Inhalers, and spraying ap. g& rt ft |
m air as liquid preparations invariably do. para uses, besides betog ineffective and dis g%\|
mm ¦ /,!,..„/. . -¦• , ««„„_«. »>,« appointing Is expensive, while a complete treat- Br n IS
Mi *,? : , f S™,?? ° < V Zrl onn nSnt of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets can be had at H » I. '
m nedlclnftlpropertlesbnt.lt.toBotomoracon. any dres store m tc9 UnUed states or Canada -^A\\-
WM vcnlent to carry and to uso at any time that it Is £ M e ° {g . 1U »^
ffl . only a question oftlme when tho tablet will en- • ig Charleston, Mass.. the ilVU '
¦¦¦¦¦•:^-"^» B^J5y^".jJ t^£ happy possessor of four children, writes:: P \ \\\ \
H y A?!' department of the .. Catarrh Tablets not only mo of enronfo IiU\\\ J
||a United States army. , nasal and throat catarrh, but they have saved i^^ft^A \ \\ f **^^
E&] Kcjt: . >*o secret Is made of the composl- mo , nany an anxious night with my little ones. n \ "¦-' M . V|>\ \ \ H
|H tion of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets; they con-. Dr. J. J. Keltigcr, of CoTlngtoa, Ky., says:- Dg&\ ft \ \ A
pa tain tho active principle cf Eucalyptus bark, red «i suffered from catarrh in my head and throat 0* \*' \ ft \ H - "'
p3 gum blood root and Hydrastla, all harmless antl- every- fall, with stoppage of the nose and Irrita- R \\ \\\ \ ?
fm septlcs, which, however, are death to catarrhal tlon in the throat affecting my volco ?.nd rttcn *g \ \\ft \\ \ % '
:KSr': ; cerms -wherever found, because they eliminate • extending to the stomach, cruising catarrh of tho U 1« \v
gSS . them from the blood. •-> v-.;. * . . stomach.' I bought " a ' fifty cant p^ckago of K^4 \ H 1 \ An
mi Next:, You can not cure catarrh by local appll- Stuart'sCatarrn Tablets atraydrnjrcrsi's, carried . W$k \ a * \ \fi
|j|u cations to the noso and throat, because these are them In my pocket a'sd U3ei thora faithfully, zni *^M v 1 a \H
||fijj simply local symptoms and such treatment can the -way in vrhich they cloarad my head and I i ItS
Ba . v not possibly reach tho real scat -of catarrhal dig- throat was certainly' roraarliable.' I had no of J )'\ 1 IB'
B9 lease which Is the blood; for this reason, 'iahalers, • catarrh last wiotar and sprln; and consider my- jjy*il_ I I l/a ;
|||3 douches, sprays aad powders nover really euro self entirely frea from any catarrhal trouble."Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling exchange, sight — 4 88^
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Bxchange, sight .. — I2^j
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Sliver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican dollars, nominal ........ 49V4 @ SO
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Was higher In all positions, both
here and abroad. Paris and Liverpool futures
were higher. " • . '
Chicago-opened strong, with few sellers, and
the market advanced sharply on covering by
Southwestern shorts, : who bought largely.
There" was little or no. selling pressure and the
Interior movement showed a marked " decrease.
weeks. The export demand together with free
covering by shorts held prices firm and " the
fliberal cash business also was a bull factor.
September opened 1%' to l%c higher at 66c,
steadily advancing under active buying' to
68%c. -Later the market ! dcelined, but the
close, was 2%@2%c. higher at 68&(g:68%o. •
-Reports from the corn belt showed the drouth
was still unbroken and the blighting effects
of the dry, scorching heat caused corn to open
active,and higher. To-day's tradingwas sim
ply, a repetition of that of yesterday, with' the
exception that prices to-day were on a higher
plane. Local bulls ' realized ; early, but their
offerings were readily absorbed by. commission
houses on country buying. Later, in- the 1 day
local professionals endeavored to replace their
lines and prices advanced 'sharply. ; The close
was strong, 2@2%c higher at 53Vic. . ? -
Oats opened active and higher on unfavorable
weather and ruled" firm all day. September
closed with a gain of %c at 32%c. ¦ : ¦ WJ
- With cattle and hoe food being destroyed by
CHICAGO, July 12.— Higher cables, light Ar
gentine . shipments and strength in coarse
grains caused wheat to open strong and active.
The volume of trading 'was 1 the largest here in
Chicago Grain Market.
There was a firmer and better feeling in the
Iron and steel market, though new business is
of small volume. Steel rail mills are . now ac
cepting ' orders for delivery in 1902 at $2S,per
ton,, and the situation is regarded as being
rather strong. A report this .week ; Indicated
that an order for 20.000- to 30.000 tons of steel
bars had been placed • with- the Carnegie and
Jones and Laughlin people by the agricultural
implement manufactuiers.vwhb were ¦ , holding
out with the hope . that ¦ the ' would > go
lower. Blast furnace statistics Indicate a de-
The crop reports to the Agricultural Depart
ment po'nt- to a reduction of 400,000 acres, or
5 per cent from the area planted . last year,
with a lowered condition as compared with
July a year ago.. and as a result the statisti
cians are figuring on, a crop of. 2,098,003,000
bushels, .which may be regarded as somewhat
above the probable yield, if account be taken
of the decline in conditions as compared with
the average for the season last year. For the
wheat crop as a whole, a total of 704,3SO,000
bushels is figured out, also seemingly an esti
mate which may have to be revised in the
direction of a reduction. -The wheat remaining
In farmers' hands is , estimated at 31,000,000
bushels, which is less by 20,000.000 bushels than
on July la year ago. The oat ¦ crop shows a
decline in condition for the month of 'June and
as compared with July 10 last year, while bar
ley shows a slight gain for the month,' but an
advance as compared with July last year.
Varying commercial and industrial condi
tions make It difficult to strike in a sentence
the keynote of general trade for the week. In
the East business appears to be of a midsum
mer character, while in the Southwest condi
tions have been adversely affected j by drouth
and hot weather reports, 'which superinduced a
tendency on the part of many to cancel orders
previously given. In the Northwest, " on the
contrary, business seems to • be quite active
as the result of excellent " crop conditions and
credit Is reported being freely granted, but In
the Middle West the tenor of trade is appar
ently steady, while in (the South ordinary con
ditions are noted. But. for the week the im
portant developments seem to have been the
rampant speculation in corn and oats, -due to
reports of exceedingly heavy damage ¦ in the
Missouri Valley belt, the nervousness of the
stock market and a somewhat troubled railway
rate situation, together with a more favorable
feeling in labor circles. • . . ¦ , .
* — *
NEW YORK, July 12.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say:
Bradstreet' s on Trade.
NEW YORK, July IT.— To-day's stock mar
ket v.-2s submitted to another drastic process
of rqukicLtion, which caused some severe losses
in the !>rices of stocks. In the late afternoon
there was a substantial rally, which wiped out
lmpoitant proportions of the extreme decline.
The late recovery was extremely erratic and
T/3E unFtPadily held. The closing was irregu
lar, but with prices near the top on the recov
ery- There teemed to be no new causes to In
duce tbe continuance of the selling movement.
beyond those of a technical nature. The bears
were the active factor in breaking prices, but
tbe speculators long of stocks stood passive
without a.rsy resistance in the shape of buying
to *up:>crt the market. The consequence was
that on each successive raid by the bears etop
lofcs orders were uncovered and speculative
margins wiped out. forcing the brokers to tell
out their customers to save losses for them
selves. The banks continued keenly alert to
the course of prices and encroaching upon the
margin of \-aluatlon as collateral compared with
the market valuation forced additional liqui
dation en the exchange. There was large sell
ing e.'.sa through commission houses from all
quarters by that class of holders which is dis
couraged by the mere fact of a decline and
which sells out on the prospect of getting
ftockF back at a lower figure. Rebuying by
this class of holders added to the demand from
the shoits and stopped the late rally. Reports
from the corn belt showed no improvement,
and It was the ! opening quotations for corn
which tojipled over pricps of stocks after some
progre^p had been made toward recovery in
the early dealings. The terms of the announced
settlement of the Western freight disturbance
were also considered unsatisfactory owing to
the continued defection of one of the minor
Toade in the territory. The divergence of news
from the conferees on the labor dispute In the
steel trade was the subject of continued appre
hensicn. The fact that assurances were given
yesterday that an official statement would
probably be made before the end of the week
of the terms of the Northern Pacific settle
ment caused disappointment over the non-ap
pearance of euch a fctatement , to-day and
raused Fomf recurrence of uneasiness lest re
newed d'scord should develop in that quarter.
Under the flood of selling orders thrown upon
th»- market hy the Influence of the various
discouraging factors there were declines be
low last niKht'B level for Wabash preferred of
B points: Union Pacific, 7%; AtchiEon. 5%; do
pr«>ff-rred. SVi; St. Paul, 5U: Iowa Central pre
ferred. Z%; Rock Island and Delaware and
Tiudson. 5; Chicago and Alton and Texas and
Pacific. 4%. and St. Louis and San Francisco.
4. It will be seen that the corn-carrying roads
tvere the greatest sufferers, but that the weak
ness was very general Is indicated by such
iosse? as Lackawanna, 4 1 -; New York Central,
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS
HoiliFtcr — Fruit ripening fast; apricots and
f*acheF. light cro;\ excellent quality.
'San .lose— Very cool; brisk north wind; apri
cots rippning slowly.
Har.ferd— No more apricots; grape prospects
gool : rea rlies and melons excellent.
Fanta Maria — Clear; barley and oats good;
t-ean prospects average.
Wntura— Fog until 11 a. m.; good for bean*,
c^rn and lat«> beets.
N»ra — Southwest wind; clear, high fog this
morr.infj; early peaches ripeninz.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official. Temporarily In Charge.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
mere was some acuiiiy in the. sugar stocks
on the mornins session of the Bond Exchange
Honckaa selling off at $1S@17 73 and Paauhau
also running down from $23 50 to $21 *$
Hutchlnson sold at $17 50®17 25. . The other
stocks were quiet and there was little dotnc in
the oillstocKs. • .
In the afternoon Paauhau wag higher at
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is cloudy over the Rocky Mount
ain region and generally clear over the Pacific
Plor*. Light sprinkles of rain are reported
from Idaho and Northeastern Washington. A
thunderstorm occurred at Pocatello.
The pressure has risen along the immediate
coart and fallen over the plateau region.
The temperature has fallen from 14 to 20 de
irrecs in the Sacramento Valley and remained
nearly stationary in other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 13. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; cooler In
the San Joaquin Valley; fresh westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Fair; cooler Saturday: light west
wind.
San Franciecn and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
fresh west wind.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Cotton closed very
steady, net 11@14 points higher.
; NEW YORK, July 12.— Trade was quiet, but
the market , for evaporated apples continued
generally steady to-day. Evaporated apples.
State, common to medium, 3%@5c; prime,5%©
5%c; choice. 6V4c; fancy, 6U@7c.
California dried i fruits were steady and un
changed. Prunes, 2%@3Uc per pound, as ; to
size and quality. Apricots— Royal, 8@12c;
Moorpark, 7%@12c. Peaches— Peeled, ll@12cj
unpeeled, 6@10c.
Dried Fruits in Nezv York.
NEW YORK, July 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21,298; exports, 5500.' Quiet, but strongly held;
Minnesota patents, $3 65@3 90.
WHEAT— Receipts, 153,450. Spot, strong; No.
2 red, 75%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 74%c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 76c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard. Duluth, S3%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options had a big day. There was intense
activity and a sensational advance following
'heavy covering by a large short interest with
Wall street unloading. Damage of spring
wheat and feeding- of winter wheat to stock
were bull features of Interest. Export trade
was also fair and corn a big help. Closed
strong and 2%@2%c net higher; July, 13%®
74%c, closed 74c; . September, ¦ 72V4@73 13-16c,
closed 73%; October, 72 13-16«J74 l-16c, closed
73%c; December, 74%@75%c, closed 75%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 5ftc;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8Vi@12%c.
Futures closed steady, unchanged to 5 points
higher. Sales, 25,000 . bags. Including: July,
4.95c; September, 5.05c; November, 5.15c; March.
5.45c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal,- 96 test, 4 3-16c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c; refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, 7126 packages. Creamery,
15(!?19%c; factory, 13@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, . 780O packages. Western
candled, 13@15c; uncandled, 9@12%c. .
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 12.-R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to'-morrow will say:
General business continues its even course,
with . all the leading industries well employed
and with confidence expressed on every hand.
Bountiful crops of wheat seem assured, and
the damage to corn, while considerable in
some directions, does not promise to.be suffi
ciently , general or serious to at all Impede the
progress of the country. Labor troubles are
in Drocess of settlement and speculators have
been responsible for most of the unrest which
has been reflected in the market. Steel mills
are actively employed and there is a distinct
improvement iii the demand for finished prod
ucts, while quotations are without alteration.
In bars for use by makers of agricultural im
plements there Is a brisk movement, plates
are taken readily and there is no sign of dim
inished purchasing in structural material.
Rails are ordered freely, with notable pres
sure for trolley and other light weichts. Bil
lets are more quiet and few new trasaction3
are reported in plgiron. The .total number of.
pigiron furnaces in blast on July 1, as record
ed by the Iron Age, was but three less than a
month previous, and the weekly .capacity was
310,950 tons. ¦ -
Improvement la general in the footwear in
dustry, although no .higher prices can be ob
tained.
Leather is in "rood demand and firm, but
without quotable "change in prices.
Heavy woolens are securing duplicate orders
and mills are making extensive preparations
for the lightweight season. Manufacturers are
well employed and exhibit increasing interest
in raw material. Wool . has not ' altered in
prices, but the tone Is firmer and sales In
crease. Growers are said to be selling rather
than consigning, while many ranchmen refuse
to do any business at -present prices. . "
Grain crops this season are occasioning much
uneasiness among speculators owing to the ex
tremely complicated situation. According to
the latest official and unofficial prognostica
tions there is reason to anticipat the heaviest
wheat yield ever harvested, and making the
customary allowances for domestic consump
tion, even with the small supply on hand when
the year opened, there appears available for
export about £0 per cent more than went
abroad in the year of greatest shipment. Yet,
prices are far above the low record and vigor
ous rallies follow each decline. Extensive
naed3 abroad continue, the movement from
Atlantic ports for the week amounting to
3,208,634 bushels, against 2,189,443 bushels a
year azo.
' Failures for the week numbered 208 in the
United States, acalnst 196 last year, and 27
in Canada, against 24 last year.
NEW YORK. July 12.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
July It, with the percentage of increase and
a fast aS -ear™ Pared WiUl the corres P° ndin S
rm o . r.i , Percentage.
Cities- Clearings. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,363,237,066 58.4
[Boston 147,320,227 16 5
S*!? 11 ! 0 . V; 154,651.537 11.6 '.'.'.'.
Philadelphia 99,659,795 7.6
St. Louis 49.097,011 60.2 '';,.
Plttsburg 40,059,151 20.1
¦ Baltimore 23.680,805 7.3
San Francisco ". 23,415.134 23 2
Cincinnati 19,S7O,95O 22 9 "",
Kansas City 18,973.722 3SA
New Orleans 9,934,110 5.6
Minneapolis 10,763,066 .... ¦ 5 7
Detroit..... 12,Sfi3.94S 37.9
Cleveland 16,417,600 37.2
Louisville 9.321.398 12. S '.'"
Providence 8,394,000 32 1
- Milwaukee 6.704.2S9 97
St. Paul 4,974.910 5^ '.'.'.'.
Buffalo 6.875,444 44.5
Omaha G.613.804 3.0
Indianapolis 8.379,326 1S.0
Columbus. 0 7,li"4 'OO "Ml
Savannah 2,313,061 .... 4Y3
Denver " 4,549.647 33.0 ....
j Hartford 4,465,715 33.0 • ....
i Richmond »... 5.104,245 10.8 ¦
Memphis 2,913.343 30.1 " "
Washington 3,045.078 6.0
Peoria • 2,141,508 .... Y5
Rochester 2.351.540 15.0
; New Haven 2.111.000 18.1
1 Worcester 1,634.979 17.0
Atlanta . 2.027,052 19.4
Salt Lake City 6,523,829 139.7
Springfield, Mass.. 1,762,076 9.3
Fort Worth 2, 791,070 52 4
Portland, Me 1.610.804 33 8 ¦
Portland, Or 2,344.946 4.6
St. Joseph 6,207,679
Los Angeles... 3,237,750 n!3 * ""
Norfolk 1.721,356 24.8 ..*
Syracuse 1.548,196 12.0 . ,
Des Moines 1.6CS.4JS 6.9
Nashville 1,867,760 32.5 . ..
Wilmington, Del... 1,070.614 15.3 .
Fall River 1,053.255 8.1
Scranton 1,283,051 14.6 ....
Grand Rapids 1,502.530 13.5
Augusta, Ga P03.222 .... 1.3
Lowell 709,249
Dayton, 0 1,382,794 7.4 ' .,+.
Seattle 2,856,260 40.7
Tacoma 758,516 20 1
Spokane 1,325.893 16.5
Sioux City 1.152,013 6.8
New -Bedford 424,155 ...: 15.8
Knoxvllle, Tenn.... 638,795 14.9
Topeka 9S2,76S 12.8
Birmingham 861,366 9.5
tWichita ?..' 491,602 1.8
Binghamton 402.400 .... 6 9
Bloomington 297,193 • 5.3 ....
Lexington, Ky 574,600 14.2
Jacksonville. Fla.. 369.171 39.7
Kalamazoo 472,764 17 l"
Akron 671.5CO 25.8 ..'..
Chattanooga 458,761 20.^ ....
Rockford, 111 • 455.664 19.1 • ....
Canton. 0 410,500 . 62.6
Springfield. 0 234.475 3.0
Fargo, N. D 340,346 6.4 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 26S.333 72.9 ....
Fremont, Neb 153,253 2.0 ....
Davenport 1,069,952 14. 6
Toledo 2,872,870 4.0
Galveston 6,170,000 40.2 ....
Houston ..-. 6,108,172 16.8 ....
Wilkesbarre 811,513 ....
Helena 579.46J) 7.6
Macon 5*0,000 .... S.4
Evansville . 1.102,888 9.9
Wheeling 693,968 ....
Chester, Pa 354,433 .... ....
Colorado Springs... 724,930 ....
I Little Rock 729,752 72.5 -
Springfield, 111 EC8.904 .... 6.9
I Youngstown, O. .... 618,064 6S.3
Totals, U. S.... $2, 136, 321, 047 40.1 '..".I
Totals outside New
York 773,083,981 14.9 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA; ,
Montreal $21,71S,698 31.2
Toronto 13,323,296 11.5
Winnipeg 2.432.804 13.4
Halifax 2,193,144 4.9 ....
Hamilton 854.516 4.7
St. John, N. B 806.148 .... 8.3
Vancouver 1,167,554 6.3 ....
Victoria • 712,518 .... 22.0
Quebec 1,578,531" " ' ..?.
Totals '. $43,203,673 18.5 ~
NEW YORK, July 12.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Peaches —
Hale's Early, boxes, 80c@$l 20, average 96c;
Imperial, boxes, 85c@$l 10, average 91c; single
crates ?1 05@l 20, average $1 09; t Early Craw
ford, boxes, $1@1 75, average Jl 20; St. John,
boxes, 90c@$l 35, average $1 04. Plums—Bur
bank, single crates, ?1 25©1 80, average $1 38;
Satsuma, single crates, $1 15@1 20, average
$1 18; Ogon, single crates, $1 20@l 75, average
$1 62. Prunes— Tragedy, single crates. $1 40®
1 85, average $1 75. Pears — Bartlett, boxes.
$1 80@3, 'average ?2 17. Nine cars sold to-day.
Stormy weather.
CHICAGO, July 12.— The sales of the Earl
Fruit Company of California fruit at auction
to-day realized the following prices: Pears —
Bartlett, boxes, $2 25@3 20, average $2 32.
Plums— Burbank, single crates, $1 15@1 30, aver
age $1 22; ' Satsuma, single crates, $1 10@l 25,
average $1 22; Bradshaw, single crates, average
$1 30; Purple Duane, single crates, average
$1 35; St. Catherine, single crates, $1 15@1 20,
average $1 12; California Red, single crates,
$1 30@l 65, average $1 55; Ogon. single crates,
$1 10@l 20, average $1 14; Wickson, single crates,
$1 40@l SO, average $1 74. Prunes — Simonl, sin
gle crates, $1 10©l 25, average $1 18; Tragedy,
single crates, $1 10@l 65, average »1 54. Peaches
—Early Crawford, boxes, average $1 10; Decker,
boxes, average $1 10; Foster, boxes, $1 15@1 50,
average 51 22; Imperial, boies, average $1 05.
Red Nectarines, single crates, average $1 E0.
Eleven cars sold to-day. Weather favorable. .
PHILADELPHIA. July ,12.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day and realized the following prices: Peaches
—Imperial, boxes, $1 10@l 15, average $1 12; St.
John, boxes, $1@1 25, average $105; Early
Crawford, boxes, average $1 25; Strawberry
'Free, boxes, average $1 25; Hale's Early, boxes,
80@S5c, average 83c. Pears— Bartlett, halves,
$1 55@1 70, average $1 57. Plums— Burbank. sin
gle crates, Jl 25@1 42," average $1 39; California
Red single crates. $1 70@2 10, average $1 80;
ABC single crates, average $1 35. Prunes —
Tragedy, single crat.es, $1 50@l 80, average $1 65.
One car sold to-day. Favorable weather.
Chicago Livestock.
CHICAGO, July 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2500,
including S50 Texans. Generally steady; good to
prime steers, $5 10@6 20; poor to medium, $3 90
@5 10; etockers and feeders, $2@4 40; cows and
heifers, $2 40@4 90; canners, U 75@2 50; bulls,
$2 25^4 40; calves, $4©7 ; Texas steers, $3 95@
4 62%: bulls, J2 50@3 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 12,000; to-morrow,
9000; left over, 1500. Mostly 10c higher. Mixed
and butchers, $5 95@6 35; good to choice heavy,
$6 10@6 40; rough heavy, $5 95@6 03; light, S3 90
@6 25; bulk of sales, J8 10@6 25.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000. Active, 10c higher;
good to choice wethers, $4@4 75; fair to choice
mixed, J3 60@5 25; Western sheep, $3 70@4 40;
yearlings, J4 35@4 70: native lambs, $3 75@6 25;
Western lambs, $3 75©6 25.
ST: JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, July 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
830. Active, steady. Natives, $4 25@5 40; cows
and heifers, $1 50@4 80; bulls and stags, J2 25
igo; stockers and feeders, $2 25@1 25; . veals,
$3@5 50. '
HOGS— Receipts, 7S19. Generally 5@10c high
er. Light and light mixed, $5 70@6 10; medium
and heavy, $5 97%<g6 20; pigs, $4@5; bulk of
sales. $5 S"><ff6 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 107S. Strong to 10c higher.
Top, ewes, $3 70; lambs, 10@25c higher, top
$5 80. , ¦
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 12.— The foreign and do
mestic tin markets were more regular to-day
than they have been for some days past. The
local market was a little firmer, spot closing
with sellers at 27.90c. The London market was
steady and £1 higher, with spot closing at, £131
and futures at £117 10s.
Copper was 12s 6d higher in London, with
spot closing at £67 15s and futures at £68 as.
The local market ruled quiet and nominal with
prices unchanged. Lake, 17c; casting, 16%c.
Lead was dull and unchanged here, with 4%c
quoted. London was unchanged. Spelter was
dull and unchanged at New York, at $3 90®
3 95; while London was 2s 6d lower at £16 10s.
Pig iron warrants unchanged at $9 50@10 50.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, July 12.— Clearings, $408,810;
balances, $73,083.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 12. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, ¦ 65@56c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 12.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed. Bluestem, 57c; club, 56c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 12.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,136 bales. Me
dium cross-breds were Irregular and 10@15 per
cent below the May average. .There was an im
proved demand for coarse kinds, those suita
ble for America selling %d above the opening.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal were firm.
American buyers secured several parcels of me
rinos and cross-breds. . t .
. Foreign Markets.
' ¦' •' ¦" -¦ •
LONDON, July 12.— Consols, 92%; silver,
26 15-16d; French rentes. lOOf 60c; wheat car
goes on passage, nominal and unchanged; No.
1 standard California, 27s 9d; English country
markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL, July 12.— Wheat, firm;- No. 1
standard California, 5s 9d@5s 9%d ; ¦ wheat in
Paris, firm: flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet. _
/ ¦ ¦ ... . •
Bank Clearings.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
¦ Wheat— Sept, Dec.
Opening. 5 5% 6 6%
Closing 5 5% 5 7
PARIS.
Wheat— July Sept. -Dec
Opening 20 35 2125
Closing 20 40 21 40
Flour-
Opening 23 85 26 95
Closing 25 95 27 05
Fruits and Salmon in England.
The London Grocers' Gazette of June 29
u.ys: "In Liverpool there has not been as
much trade doing In salmon this week as dur
lnj the previous week or two. Prices are well
maintained and there* are indications of a,
fair consumptive demand In the country. Spe
cial packages, euch as %-pound ovals, %-pound
tall tins. 1-pound ovals and 1-pound squats are
in slight demand and they are rather scarce.
The question of the duty on apricots seems to
have been raised agajn and the market at pres
ent docs not know really what the customs
authorities will do. More inquiry for peaches,
but pears are rather quiet."
In regard to the English duty on California
fruits it has been stated on good authority
but unofficially that the duty on apricot pulp
Is to be entirely withdrawn. Moreover, there
Is a etrong probability that canned apricots
will be treated the same as peaches, etc., the
duty being reduced to 15 per cent, charged in
respect to su^ar contents only.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 12—6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 56; Mount Tamalpais. 69; San Luis
Obispo. 74; Fresno. 100; Los Angeles, 84; Red
Bluff. S2; Sacramento, 88; Independt-nce. 94;
San Diego. 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
57; minimum. 49; mean, 53.
4; Chicago Burlington and Quincy, 3%; Balti
more and Ohio. 3>4; Consolidated Gas, 6>4; Gen
eral Electric, 12; Colorado Fuel. 9%; do pre
ferred. 7. and a general decline embracing the
most prominent stocks running from 1 to 4
points. The late rally which materially modi
fled these declines was primarily due to the
oversold condition ef the market, the bears,
having operated on the short side with great
boldness throughout the week. The prospect
of a favorable 'bank statement was also a lac
tor.
The railroad bond market was only moderate
ly active and weak in sympathy with stocks.
Total pales par value. $3.S20.000.
United States new 4s declined % and the old
4s and the 5s advanced H per cent on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— . Bid.
12S.100 Atchison 72
40.9W Atchison prefd 95H
4.400 Baltimore & Ohio' 94Vi
30.) Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
1,309 Canadian Pacific 100«4
Canada Southern 68V3
4.600 Chesapeake & Ohio 43Vs
7,000 Chicago & Alton 36%
1,500 Chicago & Alton prefd 75
800 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 194 1 *
3.600 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 31Va
200 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd. 67
100 "Chicago & Eastern Illinois 121V4 I
6,700 Chicago & Great Western ...22
200 Chicago & Great Western A prefd. 88^
700 Chicago & Great Western B prefd. 45
1.900 Chicago & Northwestern 190
11.000 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 139U |
2.700 Chicago Terminal & Trans 19
5,200 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.. 36%
1.200 C C C & St Louis 86%
2.100 Colorado Southern 12%
1,200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
5<X) Colorado Southern Id prefd 20%
3.200 Delaware & Hudson 156%
3,600 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 226%
Denver & Rio Grande 44
3.200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 93
43.110 Erie 36%
3.900 Erie 1st prefd 66
S00 Erie 2d prefd x 52
1,903 Great Northern prefd 177
400 Hocking Valley 50
SOO Hocking Valley prefd 73
7.200 Illinois Central 145};
2.100 Iowa Central 34»i
2,300 Iowa Central prefd 72
400 Lake Erie & Western 54
Lake Erie & Western prefd 118
19.100 Louisville & Nashville 100
16,300 Manhattan L 115
4.100 Metropolitan Street Railway 116
6,100 Mexican Central 21%
1,200 Mexican National 9
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 101
2,100 Missouri Pacific 102^ j
400 Missouri Kansas & Texas 25>-4
2.2Ov Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.'... 52V4
200 New Jersey Central 157
9.4W New York Central 150>i
2,200 Norfolk & Western 48
100 Norfolk & "Western prefd 83
100 Northern Pacific prefd 96
10. COO Ontario & Western 31%
P C C & St Louis....... 79
27.500 Pennsylvania 142^
17.600 Reading 39%
12,300 Reading 1st prefd 75*4
11.400 Reading 2d prefd 49%
5.100 St Louis &' San Francisco 4Hi
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st pfd 73
1,700 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 6SU
200 St Louis Southwestern 27
300 St Louis Southwestern prefd 60
S4.6OH St Paul 157
€00 St Paul prefd 183
74.100 Southern Pacific 50%
17.100 Southern Railway 287;.
4,900 Southern Railway prefd 83»i
13.20D Texas & Pacific 37
1,200 Toledo St Louis & Western 20
2,200 Toledo St Louis & Western prefd.. 3i?i
126.1fiC Union Pacific 94^
2.600 Union Pacific prefd IS"
27.000 Wabaeh 18^4
R.SOO Wabash prefd ." 36V4
1,500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 17% 1
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 28 I
1.600 Wisconsin Central 20
100 Wisconsin Central prefd 38
Kxpress Companies—
Adams ...160
....... American 192
United States 85
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
2^.200 Amalgamated Copper, ex-div 112
6.100 American Car & Foundry 28%
SCO American Car & Foundry prefd 83
SCO American Linseed OH 24
3C0 American Linseed Oil prefd 61
8.900 American Smelting & Refng ?2
300 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. IOC,*
2.100 American Tobacco 129
3.?>00 Anaconda Mining Co 43%
20.700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76>4
ll.flOO Colorado Fuel & Iron 96>/»
4.2C0 Consolidated Gas 212>4
3.3C0 Continental Tobacco 6-1%
Continental Tobacco prefd 116
1.6C0 General Electric 251
900 Glucose Sugar 5V,i
1.600 Hocking Coal 18
1,200 International Paper 20
800 International Paper prefd 75
1.5C0 International Power S9 1 /.
1C0 ¦ Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit 41%
fiOO National Lead .' 20
400 National Salt 43 1 *
700 National Salt prefd 7fi>4
1.2C0 North American ; 96%
Pacific Coast , 64
1.000 Pacific Mail 37%
8.SO0 People's Gas 112%
1.250 Pressed Steel Car 43
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 83
200 Pullman Palace Car 205
2,100 Republic Steel: 1SU
SOO Republic Steel prefd... 72
14.800 Sugar <l~ .....137%
11.200 Tennessee Coal & Iron 58H
1.600 Union Bag ft Paper Co 16V4
200 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 72
7.100 United States Leather 12%
1.4M) United States Leather prefd 56%
TOO United States Rubber 20
200 United States Rubber, prefd 58 .
85,200 United States Steel 42 Vi
34.4S0 United States Steel prefd 93U
4,200 Western Union 89%
1.0SS.400 shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 2s ref reg 107\4 NYC lsts. 104%
Do coupon 107% N J C gen 5s 130%
Do 3s reg 108 N Pacific 3s 72Vi
Do 3s coupon 108% Do 4s 103%
Do new 4s reg. ..138% N Y C & St L 4s. .107V*
Do new 4s coup..l33% N & W con 4s 103
Do old 4s reg 112% Or Nav lsts 107
Do old 4s coup... 112% Do 4s 102%
Do 5s reg 109 Or Short Line 6s.. .130
Do 5s coupon 109,' Do con 5s 116%
Diet of Col 3.65s. ..125 Reading gen 4s..... 94%
Atchison gen 4s. ..103% R G W lsts ....101%
Do adj 4s 97 St L & I M con 5s.ll7>/ t
Canada So .2ds 109% St L & S F gen 6s. 133%
Ches & O 4%s 108 St Paul cons 180 •
Do 5s....: .119 St P C & P lsts. ..120
Chi & N con 7s. ...142% St P C & P 5s lllVi
Do S F deb £s....122% S Pacific 4s 91
Chicago Term 4s... 92% S Railway 5s ...117*i
Colorado So 4s 88 Stand R & T 6s.... 60'
D-& R G 4s 101 Tex & Pac lsts 118%
Erie gen 4s 86 Do 2ds...'. 103
F W & D C lsts... 103 U Pacific 4s 104
Gen Electric 5s 200 Wabash lsts ."..118%
Iowa Cent lets. ...115 Do 2ds ..113 "
L &N uni 4s 102 West Shore 4s 11»
M K & T 2ds 83% Wise Cent lsts 85%
Do 4s 98 Va Centuries 96
. NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 Little Chief 12.
Alice -40 Ontario 9 00
Breece ..'. . ...1 50 Ophir ". 60
Brunswick Con 12 Phoenix ....:. 09
Comstock Tunnel... 03 Potosl ..' * 05
Con Cal & Va 2 00 Savage " 05
Dead wood Terra -50 Sierra Nevada '. : H
Horn Silver -.1 3o Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver.... 68 Standard 3 25
Leadvllle Con 05l
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 1914
Call loans 4«?5 Union Pacific 93$i
Time loans 4©4% Union Land 3
Stocks— Bonds—
A T ft S F. 72U Atchison 4a .......103
A T & S F prefd. »4% N E Gas&Coke E». 56%
American Sugar. ..137% Mlnins Shares—*
Am Telephone 15414 Adventure 21
Boston & Albany.. 256 Bingham Min Co.. 21%
Boston Elevated.. .182% Amalg Copper. .....12214
Boston & Maine.. ..193% Atlantic 36
Chgo. Bur & Q....194% Calumet & Hecla.790
Dominion Coal 39% Centennial 27%
The main factor of disturbance In the market
was, however, furnished by the low state of
the New York bank reserves and the necessary
calling of loans which this Involves. The dull
ness of speculation and the inactivity of com
mission houses would indicate that there Is at
present no excessive borrowing by "Wall street
at large. Nor, although money was quoted at
the openins of the week as high as 8 or 9 per
cent on call, has there been any real difficulty
as to rates, the quotation for call money after
last Tuesday having been 6 per cent.
NEW YORK. July 12.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say: While last week's
market- was Irregular and exceedingly dull, the
present week has developed a declining ten
dency, accompanied by greater activity. Most
of the incidents which influenced speculation
were of an unfavorable nature, and while the
public interest in stocks was not sufficiently
large to produce a general selling movement,
there was evidence that a good deal of liqui
dation was going on. - In fact, in some quarters
it was held that certain interests of the larger
class have become somewhat overloaded and the
principal cause for the weakness in the gen
eral list was the unstable technical position of
these parties.' The adverse news about the corn
crop was one of the leading factors In creating
a feeling of uncertainty. The fact that the
wheat yield is almost of a record-breaking kind
received scant attention, although its.impor
tance to the railroads is obvious. In addition
to unfavorable crop advices, the market was
affected by the news that the cutting of rates
by the Chicago Great Western had at last
proved retaliatory, the Atchison having put out
a tariff involving very serious reductions on
many commodities between southwestern points
and the East.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@18%c; dai
ries, 13@16c. Cheese, steady, 9®10c. Eggs,
steady, 12%c. ; - '-
Bradstreefs Financial Review.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12.000 10,000
Wheat, bushels 193.000 361,000
Corn, bushels 246,000 12S.000
Oats, bushels 69,000 184,000
Rye, bushels 1.0CO 2.0C0
Barley, bushels, 2,000 6,000
Cash * quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 66<S67%c; No. 2 red,
67%<7j6S}4c; No. 2 corn, ol^c: No. 2 yellow. &1@
51%c; No. 2 oats. 33V>ig>34c; No. 2 white, 35%c:
No. 3 white, 34%(B36iAc; No. 1 flax seed, $190;
prime timothy seed, $4 70; mess pork, per bbl,
$14 40014 45; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 65@8 70; short
rib sfdes (loose). $7 90@8 10; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 7 1 ,£@7%c; short clear sides (boxed).
$8 50@8 60; whisky, basis of high wines, $127;
clover, contract grade, $9 50.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in-the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $170,389,821; gold, $102,555,970.
Condition of the Treasury.
¦ NEW YORK, July 12.— CLOSE— Money on
call, steady, at 2@5 per cent; last loan, 2; rul
ing rate, 4'i. Prime mercantile paper, 4@4%
per cent. Sterling exchange heavy, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 S7% for demand
and at *4 84H<?4 84%" for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 85%f 4 S6 and 4 8S@4 88%. Commercial
bills. $4 S4@4 84%." Bar silver, 58%c. Mexican
dollars. 46^4c. Government bonds, irregular;
State bonds, inactive: railroad bonds, weak.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, July 12.— Atchison, 75%; Canadian
Pacific. 302%; Northern Pacific preferred, 97%:
l-nion P.iciflc preferred, SO: United States
Steel preferred, 95; money, l@l}fc per cent; bar
silver, quiet, 25 15-16d per ounce.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. July 12. -The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market to-day was very idle except for
American stocks. The depression was general:
The course ot American stocks ran unevent
fully until the afternoon with Germany hold
ing off and Amsterdam • rather buying than
selling. Then New York smashed the market,
notably Atchison and Union Pacific, and the
close was at the - worst. London attaches no
importance to the. rumored quarrel between the
Morgan and Harrlman Jnterests, but dislikes
the crop news. There is a feeling here, too,
that several New York pools are overloaded
and leaking-. The flatness here proves due to
the liquidation on a large- scale of bull ac
counts carried by three men. '/
London Market.
Dom Coa! prefd....H4 Franklin ...........' 17>4
US Steel..., 42U Humboldt 25"
U S Steel prefd... $3% Parrot 52
Fitchburg prefd. ...144 Quincy 175 !
General Electric. .251 Santa Fe Copper.. 6V4
Ij K Gas & Coke. 6% Tamarack 340 1
°J d Colony 208 Utah Mining 29
Old Dominion ..... 29?i Wlnona /. 2%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
1 * • * '
Sugar marked down ioc. ;
Grain Bags firing >
Silver and Exchange unchanged. . . !
Wheat and Barley higher and firm, . . : ; .\ . \ •¦
Oats and Corn still excited in the West.
Hay 30c off under large receipts. Feedstuffs unchanged.:
Beans in fair demand and Seeds motionless.
Potatoes zcell cleaned up and firm.
Texas calling on us for Vegetables.
Cheese and Eggs as before quoted. Butter firm.
Poultry in moderate supply and firm.
Fresh fruit continues in moderate supply.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit.
Provisions rule firm. Hogs arriving more freely.
Nothing new on the local Stock Exchanges.
drouth the -tendency of the provision market
was necessarily upward. ' September, pork and
lard each closed with a gain of 7V£c and ribs
2%c higher. "',;•¦- ¦-•*
The leading futures ranged as follows:
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
' APPLES— New. 25c@$l 25 per large box and
20@35c per • basket.
APRICOTS-25@60c per box, 40@65c per crate
in bulk, $15(317 50 per ton for small and $20ig30
for large.
CR AB APPLES— 40@o0c per, small and $1®
1 25 "er lante box. -
• PLUMS— 25@60c per box and 25<@50c per bas
ket; Prunes, 50@65c per crate and 40@60c per
basket." „
PEACHES— 30@50c < per box and 30@60c per
basket for early common and 40!g'60c per box
and 40@70c per basket for Crawfords and $22 50
per ton in the country.
. NECTARINES— White. 40@90c per box; Red,
75@83c.
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings. 40<g60c per box
The leading fruits— Pears, : Peaches, Plums
and Apricots— keep up very well at the recent
adavnee, but Apricots are getting scarce and
not many are seen. The season for them will
soon be over. In fact, all kinds of fruits are
In moderate supply and it is several years since
the sidewalks were so bare. The usual midsum
mer glut, when large quantities are dumped
into the bay or carted off by the swill man,
has not yet appeared, though it may later on
when the Pears and late Peaches come In to
gether. Peaches and Pears are selling In the
country at the quotations below.
There Is nothing new in Berries.. Grapes and
Melons 'stand about the same. It is reported
that the Fresno Watermelon growers have
formed a combine. "Watermelons from Winters
sold at 25@35c, and from Fresno at 10@15c
aiiiece. *
Lemons are quoted higher, and Limes are
firm at the advance already noted.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras. ISc; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c •
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice, 8%c;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c; East
ern, full cream, 13@15o per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 18c; mixed
colors, 16c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard.
13c: seconds, .
Eastern — Standard, 15c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts, 18c; seconds.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20@21c per lb for fancy
and lS^feiW^c for seconds; dairy, 14@lSc per lb.
CHEESE— New. 9@10c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 10@llc perr lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 16@18c for good to • fancy;
store, 13@15c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Butter continues firm, with a further ad
vance In the ojen market, and the supply is
considerably reduced. The demand, however.
Is nothing extra. Cheese rules firm, and the
shelves are not more than half full. .
Eggs seem to be quieter than the two descrip
tions mentioned above, as the advance checked
the demand more or less. Prices remain un
chanced.
Receipts were 30,800 pounds and 66 tubs of
Butter, S52 cases of Eggs, 385 cases Eastern
Eggs, 12,230 pounds of California Cheese and
62CO pounds of Oregon Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
A lightly stocked and firm market still pre
vails. Hens and Roosters are higher. Ducks
alone are lower. Turkeys are nominal.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, SQ'lOc lor Gobblers
and S@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1(S?1 25:
Goslings, $1@1 23; Ducks, $2 50@3 for old and
$3 50@4 for young; Hens, $4 50®5 50; young
Roosters, $6@8; old Roosters. $4@4 50: FVyers.
$4 50(55; Broilers, $3@4 for large and $2@2 73
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for
old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50; Itabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes are well cleaned up and firm again.
The market has varied almost every day for
a month, going up one day and down the next.
Onions run along about the same.
The hot weather in Texas has led to a de
mand for our Cabbages and three cars were
shipped .there yesterday, something unusual
thus early . In the season. Another curious
feature is the shipment of Tomatoes to Los
Angeles, which has been shipping to this mar
ket for months.
IGreen Lima Beans are now coming in. Green
Peppers continue firm at the high prices.
New Marrowfat Squash has appeared.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. ' $1@1 25 In sacks
and $1@1 50 in boxes for Burbanks, 90c@$l 10
for Garnet Chiles and $1®1 15 for Early Rose:
Salinas Burbanks, $1 40@l 60.
ONIONS— New Red. 30@50c per sack; New
Yellow, 75@S5c.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb is about out; As
paragus, ¦ $1 75ig2 for large, $1 25@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 50c(g$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
65c@?l 23 per sack; String Beans. l@3c; Limas.
5c; Cabbage. 35@40c per ctl: Tomatoes, from
the southern coast, 40® 30c; from Winters, 25®
40c; Rivers, in large boxes. $1®1 25; Dried Pep
pers, 12<gl8c; Dry Okra. 15@20c per lb; Green
Okra. 23c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Marysville
Cucumbers, 60c per box; Winters, 50@60c: Bay.
85c@$l 23; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, $1@1 50
per box for Chile and 75c@$l 50 for Bell: Egg
Plant. $1@1 50 per box; Green Corn. 50c@$l per
sack; Bay do, $1@1 50 per crate; Summer
Squash, large boxes, 25@35c; New Marrowfat
Squash, 2%c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There Is no further change In Beans and
Seeds are motionless.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 83
@5; Large "White. $3 50@3 83; Pink, $1 40@l 60;
Red. $3 15@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Llmas,
$6 3u1?8 50; Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal ; Flax. $2 E0@3; Canary. 3%@
Z%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2i4c: Hemp, 3%c; Timothy. 6M.C
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 €0 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay sold off EOc, receipts during the past'
few days having exceeded the capacity of the
market. The market is very weak. Alfalfa
alone is firm. The production of this descrip
tion is much less than formerly, as prices got
so low some years ago that many farmers
turned their land to other uses. Now It . Is
scarcer and wantedl t
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
• BRAN-J17 50@18 50 per ton.'
MIDDLINGS— J19 50@21 per ton.
PEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley, $16 50® 17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; Job
bing, $26 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal,
$28©29; Cracked Corn, $23 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50017 50.
HAY— New Is quotable as follows: Wheat,
$8 60@9 50; choice, $10; Wheat and Oat. $8@9 50;
Oat, $6@8 E0; Barley and Oat. $7@S; Alfalfa.
$8@9 50; Clover, nominal; Volunteer, $4@7.
STRAW— 35@42Hc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family extras, $3 25©
3 E0. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra, cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. ?3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 35@7 85;
in sacks. $6@7 50; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — 1C0O ctls.
7CHc; 20CO. 7Cc.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Conditions in the West show no
change, the weather being hot and dry every
where. The Chicago market continues excited
and the country continues a heavy buyer. '
This market shows no change, the light
offerings meeting with little attention. White.
$1 35@1 45; Surprise. $1 50@l 55: Red. 97%c@
$1 12^.: Black. $1 10-31 20 per ctl.
CORN — The weather* In the Corn belt con
tinues clear, hot " and dry, and the "Western
markets are still excited and strong in con
sequence, though there was some realizing at
Chicago on reports that it was getting cloudy
in spots In Kansas.. The country is still a
heavy buyer. The secretary of the New York
Produce Exchange estimates the crop at
2 r 09S,CC0,e00 bushels, on the basis of the Gov
ernment report.
The San - Francisco market has again ad
vanced and Is very firm. Small round Yellow,
tl 50; Eastern Yellow, $1 42%; -White, $1 47%:
Mixed, $1 40 per ctl.
RYE-72%@77«£c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at Jl 60 per ctl, ex
warehouse.
Informal Session — 9:13 o'clock — December — 2000
ctls, $1 oiH; 24.000. $1 ci*i; 40.C00, $102; sooo,
$1 01%; 14, CCO, $1 01%.
Second Session— December— 16,000 ctls. ?1 02;
4000, $1 01%; May— 2000. $1 C6U.
Regular Morning- Session— December— 16,000
ctli?. $1 01 «4; 2000. $1 01%: 4000. *1 Cl%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 01%;
10,000. $1 01%.
BARLEY— The onarket Is very lightly sup
plied with feed and quotations continue to
creep up. Feed 73?4c for choice bright, 71U@
72>/4c for No. 1 and C7%®6S»4c for off grades:
Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@82',£c; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Subsequently the selling of the Northwest gave
the market an easier tone. Wheat, Corn and
Oats are now unusually close together and
nearly on a basis of lc per lb. A French cable
says that France will need an import mini
mum of 60,000,COO bushels. On the basis of th«?
Government report the Secretary of the New
York Produce Exchange estimates the Ameri
can crop at 7O4.OO0.0CO bushels.
The San Francisco market advanced, both
on and oft call, with more business on the lat
ter.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, S6V4c; milling, 9S%c@
$1 blM per ctl.
Business failures in the United States' for
the week were 199, as against 145 last week,
221 this week a year ago, and 174 in 1899.
Canadian failures for the week number 22,
as against 13 last week, 25 last year, and 27
in 1899.
rw heat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregated . 5,016,149 bushels, - against
3.787,639 bushels last week. 2,829,910 bushels In
the corresponding week of 1900, and 3,263,815
bushels in 1895.
Gross railway earnings for the month of
June, as reported to Bradstreefs. aggregate
$53,510,413, as compared with $50,108,521 for June
last year, an increase of 6.8 per cent.. .
Leather is active on domestic and export
demand and so are hides and skins. In shoes
a fair line of business for prompt shipment is
reported, but forwardings are below those of
last week, amounting to 82,781 cases, against
101,761 cases last week, and 84,119 cases for the
week in 1900.
¦In wool the ¦ situation shows Improvement,
but no speculative interest. Some- mills that
had secured fall orders are covering by buying
raw wool, the bulk of the demand for which
Is for Territory, fine medium and fine. Offer
ings of staple lots are scarce. New wools are
being picked up and values are hardening,
fleece wools are quiet and some Australian
wools have appeared on the market and are
selling at firm 'prices.
cline in the weekly capacity -from 306,991 tons
on June l;to. 303,733 tons on' July a,' but con
sumption seems to have almost balanced I the
output. Structural material is active. Tin,
after soaring on speculative manipulation,
broke toward the end of the week as the result
Of a coup by the leading bull .interests. Labor
troubles, so far as surface indications go, are
approaching an amicable settlement.'
and 40c per basket: Bartletts. »®1 23 per box
and $32 50 per ton in the country.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@4 50 per chest for
Longworths and $3 25® 1 50 for large berries.
LOGAN RKKRIKS— $4<S6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— WSU per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
CI;RRANTS-$2(S5 per rhest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— I5@20c per lb..
FIGS— Black. 35<fS50c per box for single and
75<&S5e for double layers: White. 35<340c.
MELONS— Nutmegs. SWfaO per crate for
Rivers and $2©2 73 for Indio: Cantaloupes, $150
fit 75 per half-crate and $2 50@3 50 per large
crate.
GRAPES^— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
tlirl 25 per crate; Fontalnebleau. from Vaca
ville, 73c@$l per box; Rose of Peru, $2.
CITRUS FRUITS-Seedllngs. fOeOfl 25; Medi
terranean Sweets. 50c®$l 2.'»; Valencia.*. $1 50t»
2 50; St. Michaels. $1**T 75: Lemons, 75c*S$l 23
for- common and $1 50<S3 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit, 50c@J150: Mexican Limes, $7 oOli
8; Bananas. $1@2 per. bunch; Plneipples. $1 50@
i 2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There Is no further news in this market.
FRUITS— Apricots. S®3c for new; Evapo
rated Apples. 4©6e: sun dried. lVa'82Vic: Peaches.
3%?i4c for standard. 4Mt!SW.ie for choice and
efifi'je for fancy; New Peaches. 6c for July
and 5c for August delivery; Pears, Vftlc.
Plums, pitted. 3@4c; unpitted. %01iic; Nec
tarines. itSiVzC for red and-4^3c for white.
PRUNES — 4 sizes.-. 3c: 4O-5OS. 6V*c; 50-603. *M.c:
60-70s. 3*ic; 70-SOs, 3',ie; 80-9C3, 2\c; 00-lOOs, 2&c;
1C0-120S. 1%C.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Blsached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie:
standard. 10c: prime. 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas'— Fancy, 13}4c per lb;
choice, 9Vic; standard, 8%c: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes,
S^c; 4-crown, 7C; 3-crown. 6 l ic; 2-crown. 6c:
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown. 5>4c. and
4-crown, 5V£c; seeded (Fresno prices). 514c: Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, J2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, %Z. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
NETS- Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. ll®UV4c:
No. X, 8©S%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6%@7%c; Almonds, 13®14e for paper-shell. 10®
Uc for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5©6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 11011 Vie;
Filberts. 12@12'/4c; Pecans. 11313c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50®5.
HONET- Ccmb. 10®llc for bright and 9»S9Hc
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5Hc;
1 light amber extracted. 4@4«4c; dark, 3&C.
BEESWAX— 23©28c per lb.
Provisions.
Prices remain unchanged,' with a firm mar
ket.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12y-c for light medium. 13%c for light, 14Hc for
extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams,
13c; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 50;
Family $13 50: prlm« Mess Pork. $15; extra
clear, S23; Mess. $19: Smoked Beef. 13 V- ® 14c
Pe LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10%c for pure; half -barrels, pure*
10%c: 10-lb tins. ll>4c; 5-lb tins. ll%c
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 9%c: thre«
half -barrels 9Vlc: one tierce, 9Hc; two tierces,
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10^@llc; medium, 9@10c; light, 8^@9c;
Cow Hides. 8%@9i4c for heavy and S%@9c for
light: Stags. 6%c: Salted Kip. 9*ac; Salted Veal.
9%@10c; Salted Caif. 10c; Dry Hides, 18%c;
Ctdl3, 14c; Dry Kip. ISc; Dry Calf. 17@13c:
Culls and Brands. 14i?15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15@30c each; short Wool. 30@50c each:
medium. 60@73c; long Wool, 80c@$l each; Hors»
Hides, salt. $2 50®2 75 for large and C@2 25
for medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and 60c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50
for- medium, Jl 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deprsklns — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 33c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4»ic per lb; choice,
Ec: No. 2. 3%«4c; grease. 2V2@3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1001— Huinbotdt and
Mendocino. 14@13%c: do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free. 12@13c: defective. 9@llc; Mid
dle County, free. 10<gtlc: do. defective, S@10c:
Southern. 12 months. 8@9c; Southern, free. 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective. 7 months. 73Sc:
Oregon Valley, fine. 14©15c; do. medium and
coarse. ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice. llSUc;
do fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada, lOtgll'^c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Arrivals of Hogs are Increasing again, and
some are exacted from the East. Price* art
unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as f ol lows :
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 5@fio per lb jtor
COWSi II ..'-:- »
VEAL— Large. 7®Jc; small, S@9c per lb.
HUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes. 7@7VaC per
| pound.
, LAMB — Spring. 8^4®9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, : sows, 20 per cent
off. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hog3.
7fc@9%c
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 8%®8Hc; local make. %c leaa
than Calcuttas; "Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleec*
Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags. 5%@6c for cotton
and 8%@S%,c for Jute.
COAL^-Wellington, $3 per ton: Southfleld Wel
lington, J9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, JS 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend, J3;
Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In sacks:
'Pennsylvania Anthracite Ess. $14; Cannel, $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 43 per
2000 lbs and $3 SO per ton, according to brand.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been 'two ar
rivals of coal from. Oregon, 930 tons; six from
Washington, 13,580 tons; three from British
Columbia* 10,467 tons; total, 24.977 tons. The
deliveries this week are about 30CO tons short
of our average weekly consumption, but at the
same time there Is no particular scarcity for
either domestic or steam purposes. We have to
depend almost entirely on British Columbia and
Washington for our supplies, as the only coal
outside of these sections to arrive here In the
next thirty days will not exceed five cargoes,
which passed out of first hands months ago.
The last freight quotations from Great Britain
and Australia, received this week, show a de
cline of fully EOc per ton under the rates asked
In June, and our Importers here are not willing
charterers at the reduced rates. The present
ruling dutward grain freights are certain to In
duce shipowners to send their property here
'seeking,' and coal will be the principal ar
ticle carried. Fuel oil is being liberally shipped
to the city, and to large factories around the
bay. Low prices still prevail, and will doubt
less continue, unless some unity of Interests
develops itself. Producers are paying dearly for
the benefits now being rendered to consumers of
oil, but as^the number of the former Is ten to
one of the latter, It Is a misfortune that pres
ent conditions should exist."
OILS— California Castor OIL In cases, No. 1.
75c: pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, botled
94c; raw. 92c: cases, 5c more; Lard OH. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 83c; China
Nut. 63@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil. natural white, 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil, In barrels. 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk
12%c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 18^c; Astral. lS^c-
Star. 18%c; Extra Star, 2234c; Elaine. 23y;c*
Eocene, 20Hc; deodorized stove gasoline In
bulk, 15c: In cases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk *l4c -
in cases. 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk* "Oc
in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c Der gallon In cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels. ¦ '
SUGAR— Prices have declined 10c. The West
ern Sugar Refining Company quotes, per lb. In
100-1 b ba*rs:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered. 5.73c: Candy Granu
lated, 5.75c: Dry Granulated. 5.65c; Confection
ers' A. 5.65c; Fruit Granulated. 5 65c- Beet
Granulated, 5.55c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C
5.15c; Golden C, S.Coc; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-barrel*
6.40c; boxes. 6.65c per lb. , . mm " m
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JULY 12.
Flour, qr eks 29,793 Middlings, s'ks .. '^m
Wheat, ctls 1,923 Hay. tons T73
Barley, ctls 4.955 Straw, tons . 33
Oats, ctls 5,830 Wool, bales „... 162
Corn, ctls 30 Shorts. sk3 4S0
Rye, ctls 660 Lime, bbls 273
Sugar, ctls 5,354 Raisins, bxs 1,800
Tallow, ctls ' 232 Pelts, bdls 29
Beans, sks 51 Hide.*. No 371
Potatoes, sks ... 3.224 Wine. gala". 14,<>0O
Onions, sks 400 Leather, rails ... 121
Bran, sks 2,073! Quicksilver, flsks 20
WASHINGTON.^
Flour, qr sks.... 7.1S4 (Flaxseed. ska ... 231
Oats, ctls l.Olui
UTAH.
, Flour, qr sks 1,100/
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, .IDLY 13, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
LOCAL MARKETS.
10
Articles— ~" Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 68>4 67% 66 • 66%
September ' 67»i 68% 66 ; 68Vi
December 69% 70% . 68% 70
Corn No. 2— . . . •
July SUi h2M 50% ; 51%
September 52% 54% 52 5314
December 52 54>i 51% C3
Oats No. 2—
July : 31% 32 31 31%
September 33 33 32 32%
May ' 35& 35% 35i'g 35%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 14 47»£ 14 47»4 14 30 14 35
September 14 55 14 60 14 42% 14 52»/i
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July ..'. 8 70
September 8 75 • 8 77>-2 8 70 8 75
October 8 72!£ 8 75 8 70 8 72^
Short Ribs. t>er 100 lbs —
July "7 90 7 92% 7 87% 7 92%
September 8 07% 8 10 8 02% 8 10
October ....800 807% 797% 807%
SPECIAL
STATIONS.
L. 1
I.
DA
lILT FRU1
ga if
fl fl
IT SI
O
¦ -^ °
KI
RVICE.
|° if
FIoUiFter
=an Jose
iJanfoni
¦^nta Maria —
Wr.tura
Kapa
..70
. 66
.100
. TJ
. 70
.. 71
43
a
r.2
5?
SI
s'w
Clear'
Clear"
.01
.00
.00
.Ml
.0)
.05
THE COAST RECORD.
s a s a j» *i
STATIONS. 9 Illi^? =o :S
| 1,1:3.1? V !'
Astoria 30.02 62 44 KW Clear !oi
Baker 29.S0 74 48 N Clear .00
rarson 2».U S9 54 W Clear M
Kureka ..3.S6 56 50 NW Clear .00
Krt-sno ....29.72 100 6S »W Clear .00
Flarttaft 29.92 S« 50 W Pt Cldy M
I'ocatfiw Idaho.^.70 86 76 W Pt Cldy T.
Inct}). .dence ....29.60 94 TO \V Clear .00
I.os= Anpelcs =9.82 S4 56 \V Clear -00
Phor.ix ».€0 110 80 ST\' Cle&r .00
Portland 23.90 72 52 NW Clear .00
Red D'.uff 23.72 SO 66 SE Pt Cldy .00
Ro^ebu^g 29. SO 74 54 NE Clear .01
f&cran>ato 29 .7S 78 54 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake .... 29€S 92 70 SE Cloudy .00
San Francisco ...29.90 5.". 49 SW Clear -OCI
Pan Luis Obispo.29.92 74 50 W Clear .00
San Diego 29.80 94 52 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.00 68 46 NW Clera .00
Spokane 29.94 68 54 "VV Cloudy T.
Neah Bay 30.04 56 46 NW Clear .09
•VYalla Valla 23.94 74 50 W Pt Cldy T.
Winnemucca. 29.58 90 62 W Clear -0D
Yuma 23.62 1CS 73 W Clear .00
SPECIAL
STATIONS.
L. 1
I.
DA
lILT FRU1
ga if
fl fl
IT SI
O
¦ -^ °
KI
RVICE.
|° if
FIoUiFter
=an Jose
iJanfoni
¦^nta Maria —
Wr.tura
Kapa
..70
. 66
.100
. TJ
. 70
.. 71
43
a
r.2
5?
SI
s'w
Clear'
Clear"
.01
.00
.00
.Ml
.0)
.05
THE COAST RECORD.
s a s a j» *i
STATIONS. 9 Illi^? =o :S
| 1,1:3.1? V !'
Astoria 30.02 62 44 KW Clear !oi
Baker 29.S0 74 48 N Clear .00
rarson 2».U S9 54 W Clear M
Kureka ..3.S6 56 50 NW Clear .00
Krt-sno ....29.72 100 6S »W Clear .00
Flarttaft 29.92 S« 50 W Pt Cldy M
I'ocatfiw Idaho.^.70 86 76 W Pt Cldy T.
Inct}). .dence ....29.60 94 TO \V Clear .00
I.os= Anpelcs =9.82 S4 56 \V Clear -00
Phor.ix ».€0 110 80 ST\' Cle&r .00
Portland 23.90 72 52 NW Clear .00
Red D'.uff 23.72 SO 66 SE Pt Cldy .00
Ro^ebu^g 29. SO 74 54 NE Clear .01
f&cran>ato 29 .7S 78 54 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake .... 29€S 92 70 SE Cloudy .00
San Francisco ...29.90 5.". 49 SW Clear -OCI
Pan Luis Obispo.29.92 74 50 W Clear .00
San Diego 29.80 94 52 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.00 68 46 NW Clera .00
Spokane 29.94 68 54 "VV Cloudy T.
Neah Bay 30.04 56 46 NW Clear .09
•VYalla Valla 23.94 74 50 W Pt Cldy T.
Winnemucca. 29.58 90 62 W Clear -0D
Yuma 23.62 1CS 73 W Clear .00
Articles— ~" Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 68>4 67% 66 • 66%
September ' 67»i 68% 66 ; 68Vi
December 69% 70% . 68% 70
Corn No. 2— . . . •
July SUi h2M 50% ; 51%
September 52% 54% 52 5314
December 52 54>i 51% C3
Oats No. 2—
July : 31% 32 31 31%
September 33 33 32 32%
May ' 35& 35% 35i'g 35%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 14 47»£ 14 47»4 14 30 14 35
September 14 55 14 60 14 42% 14 52»/i
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July ..'. 8 70
September 8 75 • 8 77>-2 8 70 8 75
October 8 72!£ 8 75 8 70 8 72^
Short Ribs. t>er 100 lbs —
July "7 90 7 92% 7 87% 7 92%
September 8 07% 8 10 8 02% 8 10
October ....800 807% 797% 807%But there was trouble ahead for Mrs.
Latrille. She had refused not only to tes
tify but had refused to obey an order to
come to court. His Honor delivered a
lecture upon her action and ordered the
recalcitrant wife to pay a fine of $10.
The Prosecuting Attorney took one
more fling at the case, saying:
"I would remark in conclusion that this
proposition of wives rushing into court
for protection from brutal husbands and
then walking out with them arm in arm
is becoming very tiresome. I warn you,
Latrille, If you ever strike this little wo
man again I will see that you are prose
cuted to the full extent of the law, no
matter what excuses may be offered for
your conduct. This business of wlfe-be&t
ing has got to be stopped, so far as my
powers can reach the trouble."
"Of course. In a case of this kind," com
mented Judge Smith, -"it wauld be impos
sible to convict this man so long as tho
wife has been induced not to testify
against him. And it is unfortunate that
she cannot be compelled to give evidence.
Under these circumstances I can do noth
ing but dismiss the case. Latrille will pay
the costs of court."
consent to a dismissal of the accusation
against the prisoner. Attorneys had
gained the wife's refusal to prosecute, and
as she was the aggrieved party the pros
ecution had to be abandoned.
"Your Honor," said the Prosecuting At
torney, "I am compelled reluctantly to
give my consent to a dismissal of the
charge. I 'reiterate that the whipping post
is the proper thing for a man like ; La
trllle. I cannot understand the' caliber of
character in a burly fellow like this who
would strike a little .woman, especially
his wife."
considered and paid for as overtime. The fol
lowing days shall be considered holidays: AH
holidays proclaimed by the Preeldent of the
United States, the Governor of the State and
the labor day of the American Federation of
Labor.
6. The wacres paid to all employes In the
brewery and malt house departments shall be
not, less than $18 per week, and wages shall be
paid weekly in legal currency of the United
States. Coopers shall also work eight consecu
tive hours, the same as the men in the brew
eries, and their wages Ehall be no less than
$18 wr week.
7. In case of sickness the employe shall re
ceive his former position upon recovery, pro
vided that the sickness did not last longer than
three months.
8. Should dullness of the trade necessitate a
reduction of the working force the employes
Rhall be laid oft in an impartial way in rota
tion. Heads of departments shall be Included
In this provision. So employe shall be laid off
for loneer or -lees than one week at a time.
9. Good beer shall be furnished to all em
ployes during working hours free.
10. One apprentice shall be permitted in each
brewery employing- not less than five members
of local union No. 7, except that the number of
men employed ehall equal thirty when a sec
ond apprentice shaU be employed, a third with
forty-flve, a fourth with sixty, a fifth with
seventy-five, a sixth with ninety. Apprentices
shall be governed by the rules of the union
and ehall be Instructed In all branches of the
trade for a term not less than two years. Ap
prentices shall not receive less than $11 per
week for the first year and fit per week for
the second year. They shall not be permitted
to work overtime. They 6hall not be less than
18 nor more than 21 years of age at the begln
nlnr of Ihelr term of apprenticeship/ At the
expiration of this term. If found good and
capable by the examination committee of the
union, they ehall be admitted to membership.
Eons of brewery proprietors may be employed
aa apprentices (regardless of the number of
commence shall be left to a mutual under
rtandlnr between the employer and the em
ploye or the employee concerned. All work
done over eight hours per day shall be con
sidered and paid for as overtime. Overtime
must be paid for and shall not be taken out.
6. All Sunday and holiday work Ehall be
Demands of Brewers.
Agreement between Local Union No. 7. of
the National Union of the United Brewery
Workmen of the United States and
1. Oniy members In rood standing of said
local union shall be employed in all breweries
and it, alt hoUEee.
2. !><¦«¦> umon member ehall be discharged for
vpholdlng union principles. Good and sufli
clont rt'air/nb must be given for discharge.
3. In case of vacancies arising the union
rhall Bu;>i>ly good and competent workmen 'n
the r»t-i>ective departments, and the employer
shall apply for the same to the secretary at
the headquarters
The employes shall have the right to live
and board where they please.
4. Eight actual consecutive hours, with an in
terval of one hour for meals, shall constitute
a day's work, and six days a week's work.
The regular working day shall not commence
before 7 a. m., and shall not continue alter
6 p. m. All work performed before 7 a. m.
and after 6 p. m. shall be considered overtime
and ehall be paid for at the rate of SO cents
per hour; provided, however, that the nignt
man or the night men and the men employed
la the brew house ehall work eight consecu
th-e hours with an interval of one hour for
meal, but the time at which this work ehall
How much time may a brewery work
man consume in drinking beer during his
hours of employment, is one of the most
important auestions to be settled before
Monday between the Brewers' Protective
Association and the members of Local
Union No. 7 of the National Union of the
United Brewery Workmen of the United
States.
Since the organization of the various
branches of the brewery workmen, July
15 has been fixed as the date upon which
the new arrangement as regards hours of
labor, wages and other Questions in
cidental to the trade shall go Into effect.
The demand formulated asks for an eight
hour day. with one hour for lunch, the
present working hours being from 7 a.m.
to 6 p. m. •
The contract proposed by the union is
as follows:
Brewers and Employers
Cannot Come to an
Agreement.
MUST CONSIDER
DRINKING TIME
Mrs. Johanna Chadwick, a widow, 53'
years of age, died suddenly at the home
of a friend at the corner of Point Lobos
and . Parker avenuss yesterday afternoon;
Her death was caused by,. heart disease,
from which she hftd. been suffering for
some time. The body was taken to the
Morgue. ¦ .. .......
Aged Widow Dies Suddenly.
OAKLAND, July 12.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued at the County
Clerk's office to-day: Frederick J. A.
Jones of "Oakland, aged 22, to marry
Esther J. Bayles of Sunol, aged 18; "Will
iam A. Read of San Fransisco, aged 23,
to marry Alice L. Marcher of San Fran
cisco, aged 20. - : •-,; ;
Licensed to Marry.
Crushed by Sidewalk Elevator.
Carl Beck, a boy employed at 816 Mar
ket street, was caught between the eleva
tor and the sidewalk grating yesterday
forenoon. Beck stood upon the elevator
and pulled the cord that operates it. The
elevator shot up, crushing the boy be
tween the bottom of the elevator and
the grating which- had not been opened
It required the use of a bar of iron to
pry the grating open. On being released
he was sent to the Emergency Hospital
for treatment and later was removed to
the home of his sister at 869 Harrison
street . m j /
Death. Due to Opium.
Tlorence Raymond, .who was brought to
the Emergency Hospital ; Thursday night
suffering from opium poisoning, died there
early this morning-. .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Friday, July 12.
Stair Grace Dollar, Fosen, . Grays - Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT ANGELES— Passed in July. 12— Ship
Louisiana, from Honolulu; schr Ludlow, from
San Pedro. • ;>.>,*-„; . .
.. NEW YORK,. July. 12.— The Kappa Al
pha Theta^ a secret organization of col
lege'women," ¦which has been in' session
here "since Tuesday, elected as grand
president Miss Edna H. Wickson of Cali
fornia and as one of the .vice presidents
and secretary Misp Pearl Greene. of Cali
fornia: Twenty colleges were represented.
California Women Are Honored.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 12.— D. A. Rus
sell of Pomeroy. Judge of the Circuit
Court, committed suicide here to-day. He
killed himself in his room at the Palace
Hotel with a revolver. He was a promi
nent Republican. He had worried over
business troubles. Including an unsatis
factory investment in' a California gold
mine. -.- ¦ '_ ...... ; . ¦ ' . ' ' " ¦'.:_ >¦
Circuit Judge Commits Suicide.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ont., July
12.— The semi-final' in the men's singles !n
tho Canadian championship tennis tour
nament was played here this afternoon
and as a result to-morrow the Wright
brothers will play W. J. Clothier and M.
Ogden In the finals. The championship
round of the men's singles between W. A.
Lamed and M. D. Whitman will be played
to-morrow afternoon. Scores:
Men's singles, final round— W: A. Lar
ned. Summit, N. J., beat Beals Wright,
Championship doubles, semi-final round
—Beals Wright and Irving Wright, Bos^
ton. beat E. P. Fischer and JV Atkln, New
Handicap single, second round— M. Og
den Princeton, beat A. N. McDonald, To
ronto: W. J. Clothier beat H. E. Ajax,
Niagara; Beals"Wright beat E. P. Fischer.
Canadian Tennis Games.
Richard Eccleston, statistician In the
office of the United States Immigration
Bureau at this port, has completed his
report of arrivals of immigrants during
the fiscal year ended June 30, 1901. The
total number, of immigrants in that pe
riod was 3655, of which 741 were females.
They were of nationalities as follows:
Japanese, 1175; English, 959; Mexican, 335;
Spanish-American, 183; German, 144; Fili
pino, 138: Scandinavian, 109; French, 73;
Scotch, 68.
Of the foregoing number 1157 were re
turning to the United States and 185 could
neither read nor write. There were 161
debarred. Of twenty-six appeals taken by
debarred immigrants only one was sus
tained.
More Than One Thousand Reported
for Twelve Months, With Brit
ons Close Second.
JAPANESE ABE LEADING
THE IMMIGBANT BOLL
English Liberals Are Dividing.
LONDON, July 13.— The fissure In tha
Liberal party seems to be widening rathe?
than closing. Much significance attaches
to the announcement that Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman, the Liberal leader,
has written to Herbert H. Asquith, M. P.,
asking him to postpone the dinner which
13 being arranged by the Liberal impe
rialists in his honor. Asquith refused to
comply with the request. Henry W. Mas
singham says that Lord Rosebery intends
to issue a letter dealing with the situa
tion, which for the moment' occupies tha
attention of all politicians.
Great Storm Destroys Houses.
McCOMB CITY. Miss., July 12.— A ter
rific wind and rain 3torm struck this city
at 5 o'clock this afternoon, fatally lnjur*
Ing William Kuntzman and Andrew H.
Johnson, a negro. Injuring more or less
seriously four others and blowing down
and unroofing several buildings.
; WASHINGTON, July. 12.-Cardinal ¦ Gib
bons has received a letter from Pope Leo
expressing j warm approval of : the Cath
olic University at -Washington, and be
stowing, the. apostolic .blessing, upon the
Cardinal and the rector, professors and
students of the university. • -
Pope Blessed Catholic University.
WASHINGTON, July 12.— Colonel Rich
ard Combs, Fifth Infantry, has been-re
tired. His. retirement results in the pro
motion of Lieutenant Colonel Charles L.
Davis, Eleventh Infantry, to be colonel of
the Fifth Infantry; Major S. R. Withall,
Sixteenth Infantry, ' to be lieutenant
colonel, Eleventh Infantry; Captain R. F.
Ames, Eighth Infantry, to be major, Sixth
Infantry. ¦ • -^ - ¦ ¦ * . i
VIENNA, July 12.— The trial of Albert
Vogt,.- the Vienna banker who was
charged with obtaining a legacy by un
duly Influencing George Taubin. a : rich
and eccentric Russian, who died some
months ago In circumstances calculated
to arouse suspicion, has resulted in his
acquittal." . ' ' _ . .' ,:¦' .:>-
' Infantry Officers Are Advanced.
Vienna Banker Is " Acquitted.
KANSAS CITY, July 12.— Leslie S. Col
burne of Pawpaw, Mich., died at St. Jo
seph's Hospital at 8 o'clock to-night, be
ing the twenty-first victim of the Chicago
and Alton train wreck near Norton. Mo.,
to succumb. Miss Lottie L. Still of Hor
nellsville, N. Y., died early this morning
at University Hospital.
Train "Wreck Victims Bead.
CHICAGO, July 12.— A complete, and un
reserved restoration of freight rates was
formally agreed to at the meeting of the
Western Trunk Line Committee here to
day. A plan for a special division of traf
fic was also adopted by all roads but the
Chicago Great Western. This road agreed
to maintain rates, but declarea its inten
tion of seeking business independently.
Freight Rates to Be Restored.
SPOKANE, July 12.— A special to the
Chronicle from Rossland, B. C, says that
the "War Eagle and Center Star mines
closed this morning, adding 300 idle men to
the strikers, who now number about 1100.
Every large mine is now idle. The Ross
land Board of Trade is taking steps to
obtain arbitration of the trouble. Should
this fail the strike may last for weeks or
months. There is no disorder and no vio
lence Is feared. ¦
Many Mines Are Idle.
erded his life with an overdose of co
caine last Thursday in the Model House,'
had a horror of being buried alive. He
left a note in his room conveying his
wishes in this regard. and - the' note was
brought to the Coroner's office yesterday
by the landlord. The following is a copy:
READ!
If I am found apparently lifeless do not bury
me until absolutely sure that I am dead.
Twice in my 'life suspended animation has
nearly caused me. to be burled alive. I there
fore implore you to be careful and either keep
my remains till mortification sets in or to
make sure of my death in some way — by driv
ing a dasreer throutch my heart, holding an
autopsy on me or embalming. My wife's ad
dress Is Frances C. Forbes, Albion, N. Y.
Acting Autopsy Surgeon Giannini, after
performing an autopsy, reported . to the
Coroner. that death was due to an over
dose of cocaine.
FRANK FORBES' FEARS
OF BURIAL IN A TRANCE
Requests in a Letter That an Autopsy
Be Made TJpon His
Body,
i Frank Forbes, the morphine victim who
The body of an" unidentified negro dress
ed in a khaki uniform was found floating
in the bay near Washington-street wharf
yesterday morning by John Barricklo, a
deckhand on the steamer Modoc. When
searched by the Morgue deputies a letter
and a bottle containing some whisky were
found in the clothing of the dead man.
The letter was dated at Indianapolis, Ind.
and was addressed to John Cotty, Com
pany F, Signal Corps, United States Vol
unteers. The letter conveyed the infor
mation that Cotty's wife was unfaithful
to" him and advised him not to send her
any more money.
The corpse had been In the water about
two weeks and the features were so much
decomposed as 'to be unrecognizable. Un
less relatives or former comrades of the
dead man make arrangements for the fu
neral the remains will be turned over to
the city undertaker.
TSTEGBO SIGNAL CORPS
MAN FOUND DROWNED
Supposed to Be John Cotty, Who Had
Seen Service in the Phil
ippines. ¦! t:Vv \
Jones took his license and Joined Miss
Bayles and her mother outside; the trio
•went across to the Courthouse and were
married in the Assessor's private office by
Deputy Assessor Van de Mark, who is an
ordained minister.
Finally the expected son-in-law, ¦who is
a young West Oakland railroad employe,
hove in sight and after a short conference
with Mrs. Bayles went inside to take out
a license. The Clerk Informed him that
an elderly lady and a young girl had sev
eral times inquired for him during the
afternoon, after having sent several tele
grams asking whether he had secured a
license.
"Yes, I found them all right," said
Jones. "Did she "show you the gun she's ¦
got under her shawl?"
"Gun?" No, what's she got a gun for?"
"Why, It's two feet long," said the hap
py groom-elect. According to Deputy
Clerk McKilllcan, who made out the li
cense, Jones then made a lengthy explan
ation of the unus.ua! circumstances sur
rounding his defection from the ranks of
bachelordom. From his story it appeared
that during his visits to Sunol as fireman
on the railroad he had met and became
engaged to Esther J. Bayles, a charming
miss of that place, but that a misunder
standing arose, which broke off the
match. The mother determined that a re
conciliation should take place, and threat
ened dire punishment as the alternative.
In this dilemma, said Jones, he resolved
to sacrifice pride and allow, inclination
and necessity at once to rule hia course,
explaining that he really wanted it that
way all along. .
Mrs. A. Bayles of Sunol waited outside
the County Clerk's office all the afternoon
with a revolver under her shawl, accord
ing to the story told by Frederick J. A.
Jones, the young man whose marriage to
her daughter Esther, who kept vigil with
her on the curb, she was there to witness.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 12
Prospective Mother-in-
Law Early Asserts
Her Authority* •
PISTOL HASTENS
THEIR MARRIAGE
A PROSECUTING ATTORNEY
WHO FAVORS WHIPPING
POST* FOR WIFE-BEATERS.
The principal points of difference are In
clause 3. the employer claiming to have
"the right of selection from the list of all
employes out of employment," instead of '
accepting any one whom the secretary of
the union might see fit to send. While it
is agreed that eight hours shall constitute
a day's work, and the employer agrees to
furnish all the beer free that the men
want to drink, the employers claim that
the time so consumed shall be worked out
between the hours of 7 a. m. and 6 p. m.
Another bone of contention is In clause
11, regarding strikes. As no agreement
could be reached between the committee
from the' union and the representatives of
the Brewers' Association, the latter
caused the following telegram to be for
warded:
J. Zorn and C. F. Bechtold, secretaries Na
tional Union of the United Brewery Workmen
of the United States, Nos. 13H and 1316 Wal
nut street. Cincinnati, Ohio: Our contract
with Local Union No. 7. N. U. of U. B. W.,
expires July 14. New contract submitted for
signature by local union unsatisfactory In
minor details. We concede the employment
of only union help; minimum wage of $3; the
eight-hour day and usual conditions.
We demand right of selection of unemployed
union members; time consumed 'by men in
drinking beer to be worked out; Insertion of a
clause against sympathetic lockouts or strikes.
We suggest a visit here by one of the national
secretaries, and this association will reim
burse all traveling expenses. Please answer.
For the BREWERS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
By R. MOHR,
Secretary Brewers' Protective Association.
While the representatives of the Brew
ers' Unions claim that the eight-hour day
has been granted in all the large cities
of the Coast, Secretary Mohr of the execu
tive committee of the Brewers' Protec
tive Association says that all these con
tracts are contingent upon the signing of
the agreement In this city, the other
points of difference being the eonae. •¦•-
The Chief Differences.
11. The parties hereto shall not, nor shall any
member of either party, during the life of this
agreement, engage in any sympathetic strikes
When the proposition was presented to
the executive committee on Thursday sev
eral clauses were objected to, and an
agreement was presented on behalf of the
Brewers' Protective Association. This
reads as follows, articles four, five, seven,
eleven and twelve of the demands being
unchanged and therefore not Quoted:
A-reement between Local Union No. 7 of
the" National Union of the United Brewery
Workmen of the United* States and the Brew
ers' Protective .Association for and on behalf
of its members in San Francisso.
1. Only members in grood standing of the
said local union shall be employed in all
breweries and malt houses, watchmen ex
cepted.
2. No union member shall be discharged for
upholding union principles.
3. In case of vacancies arising: all brewers,
maltsters or employes shall be engaged through
the free employment office of the union, the
employer to have the right of selection from
the list of all employes out of employment.
The employes shall have the right to live and
board where they choose.
6. The wages paid to all employes In the
brewery and malt house departments shall not
be lees than $18 per week, provided that in
malt house departments necessary Sunday and
holiday work shall be paid for at the rate of
SIS for six days or $21 for seven days.
8. No employe shall be laid off for longer or
less than one week \ at a time. ¦ •
9. Beer shall be furnished free of cost to
employes, provided that the time occupied in
drinking the beer shall be mutually agreed
upon between the shop delegate and the em
ployer and' the time so consumed Ehall be work
ed out between the hours of 7 a. m. and 6
p. m.
10. One apprentice ehall be permitted in each
brewery or malt house employing not less than
five members of Local Union No. 7, and an ad
ditional apprentice shall be permitted for each
ten additional rr.en employed. Apprentices shall
be governed by the rules of the union and shall
be instructed in all branches of the trade for
a term not less than two years. Apprentices
shall not receive less than $11 per week for the
first year and $12 per week for the second year.
They shall not be cermltted to work overtime.
They shall not be less than 18 years nor more
than 21 years at the beginning of their appren
ticeship. At the expiration of this term, if
found good and capable by. the examination
committee of the union, they shall be 'admitted
to membership. Sons of brewery and malt
house proprietors may be employed as appren
tices (regardless of the number of union mem
bers employed) In the breweries Or malt houses
controlled by their parents.
Brewers Present Substitute.
union members employed) In the breweries con
trolled by their parents. f
1L The union label of the National Union of
the United Brewery Workmen shall be supplied
to all breweries that comply with all' the pro
visions of this contract and all the rules and
regulations of the said National Union.
12. EHfferences that may arise as to the in
terpretation of this . agreement shall be re
ferred to a board of arbitration consisting of
two members of the union and two representa
tives of the firm concerned. Should these four
fail to agree they shall together elect a fifth
disinterested party, and the decision of a ma
jority of the whole shall be final and binding
on both parties.
This agreement shall continue and remain In
force from the date of signing this agreement
to July 15, 1902.
William S. Wade, a Western Union
operator, residing at 781 Pine street, was
arrested last night and charged with car
rying concealed weapons. The arrest was
made at the instigation of Wade's neigh
bors, who informed the police by tele
phone that the operator was creating a
disturbance in the neighborhood.
Officer Herlihy was sent to Wade's resi
dence shortly after the message was re
ceived, but Wade was away when he ar
rived. Mrs. Wade told the officer that
her husband had been- at home, and
showed numerous bruises which he had
inflicted upon her in a fit of jealous rage.
Wade had also bitten his wife in his un
governable fury, burying his teeth in her
face and neck.
Officer McShane was notified. to watch
for the jealous operator and when he
made his appearance to arrest him.
Wade remained away for some time.
When he came back he brandished a re
volver and pointed it at the windows of
his home. He said his wife's affections
had been won from him and he wanted
to revenge himself upon the winner, whom
he claimed he had found at his home.
It is probable that a charge of mayhem
will be placed against Wade. His wife
has been sent to a private hospital.
JEALOUS OPERATOR BEATS
AND BITES HIS WIFE
Neighbors Call in Police Officer,
Who Axrests the Frenzied
Husband.
/f -^>. AKLAND, July 12.— The engage
fl \\ ment of Miss Mabel Boscow of
(I ' II 'this city and David Roberts of
y^yy Mare Island is announced. Al
though residing at present in San
Francisco, Miss Boscow is an Oakland
girl, her father being William Boscow,
manager of the Excelsior Redwood Com
pany in this city. The bride to be is pret-
The clubrooms, on the fourth floor of the
History building, comprise a large meet
ing and lounging room, billiard room, re
ception room and directors' room.
- The directors are N. XV. Hall. "William
M. Abbott, J. T. Gibson. Grove Ketchum
Luther B. Elkins, Frank Macbeth, Edi
Treadwell, Fred Suhr, Percy Hlght.
J. W. Keene entertained those present
with sleight-of-hand, and several musical
numbers were interspersed through the
programme.
Many prominent Republicans were
guests.
-N. W. Hall, president of the club, made
an opening speech and introduced Assist
ant United States District Attorney D. E.
McKinlay, who acted as presiding officer.
Mr. McKinlay spoke briefly.
John T. Gibson. Judge Belcher. K. My
ron Wolf and Judge Burnett of Santa
Rosa made speeches, congratulating the
young men upon their affiliation with the
party and with a club starting so auspi
ciously upon Its career.
FREMONT CLUB OPEN'S
ROOMS AUSPICIOUSLY
Leaders of the Party Are Guests of
Young Republicans at a
Smoker.
The Fremont Club, a recently organized
political association intended primarily
for young Republicans, opened Its new
rooms in the History building, 723 Market
street, last night with a smoker. The
rooms were well filled with members and
guests, 'and speeches, music and special
ties afforded entertainment.
Mrs. F. V. Carman, Miss ' Nellie" Carman
and Harry Carman expect to leave on
July 27 for an outing in Humboldt County.
Mrs. T. B. Coghill and Mrs. J. A. Stan
ley are at Ben Lomond. -Mrs. T. C.
Coogan is also staying at Ben Lomond.
Mrs. J. Howard Smith and Miss Erwina
Smith left on Wednesday for Tallac.
¦where they will visit the family of Judge
Garber for a few weeks.
Miss Maud Pratt is spending a few
weeks at Bartlett Springs. '-.
ty and clever and a great favorite social
ly, a pleasing personality winning for her
many friends. Miss Boscow was maid of
honor at the recent wedding of Miss
Blanche Butler and Robert R. Fowler,
District Attorney of Madera County. The
groom elect Is a popular United States
Government employe, holding a responsi
ble position in the mechanical department
in the navy yard at Mare Island. No
date has yet been set for the wedding.
* . * •
POPULAR YOUNG LAX>Y WHOSE
ENGAGEMENT TO MARE ISLAND
EMPLOYE IS ANNOUNCED.
Misses Blanche Levin. Leah Elberjr, Belle R»
phela, Golda Levin, Rae GoMstone, Jennie and
Daisy Morris. Hattie Levin. 'It. Tischler. Hattla
Mendelsohn, Hattie Harris and Mrs. Ignata
Levy; Sol Eadt, Jack Harris. J. Leberman.
Ijmatz Levy, C. B. Harris, G. Gensler. Emll
Kahn R. Karraelinskl. M. Harris. Sol Elberr,
"Walter Lyons. H. Michaels. Ben Harris, Jos
eph Goldstone' and Nathan Levy Jr.
The Pleasure Seekers gave another of
their delightful outings on Sunday. July
7 to Pleasure Seekers' Camp, near Mill
brae The members, together with their
Invited guests, left the club headquarters
in three large buses. Arriving at tho
grounds the boys -of the club took great
delight in showing their guests around
the place. George Christmann was floor
manager of the day. The following mem
bers were present:
J. -William Goltze, Henry Bortfeld, Fred
Suhr Jr.. Paul E. Talo. William. A. Cornea,
Kdward Barry, Henry T. Sengstacken. Georg*
P Hassebach. Edward S Smith. George F.
Johannsen. George Steffens, James W. Keegan.
George Christmann. Fred Woerner, Frank H.
Ward Louis C. Hoffmann. J. C. Brandtjen,
Henry Lester. John H. Flathmann. Fred G.
Thode, Herman Huber. Edward H. Goetze.
William F. Krahn. Miss Lena Rommel. Miss
Gustella Stolz. Miss Edna Anderson, Miss Irene
"tt'alcott. Miss May Donohue. Miss Cora "Whit
man. Miss Alice Smith. Miss Lizzie Senga
stacken Mi?s Lillian Anderson. Miss Meta
Pedcrson. 3Rss Ruby Powelson, Miss Bertha
Sieger Miss Lottie Hollln, Miss Palmera Po
desta. Miss Clotilda Podesta, Miss Blanch*
Eagle, Miss Agnes Corrlgan, Miss Alice De—
mond Miss Lilr Baker. Mrs. Bertha Thode,
Mrs. Herman Huber, Mrs. Ed H. Goetze, Mrs.
William F. Krahn.
The thirty-third muslcale and hop of tha
McKenzie Musical Society will be held at
Odd Fellows* Hall on Thursday evening,
July 18. The following programme baa
been prepared for the occasion:
Overture, orchestra; prayer, "Moses lfl
Egypt." McKenzie Musical Society; male quar
tet C. M. Winchester. C. D. Petrte. F. R.
Grannis. H. B. CTToole; "Armorer'a Son*.**
H J Crase; "Odi Tu" (Hearest Thou). Eu
genia Breitengross; "In Seville's Groves," Lily
Laws: "Hunky Dory" Cakewalk. McKenzla
Musical Society: cavatina. "Robert." Clara
Sprauer; "La Calesera" (in SpanishV Paloma
fiuartet Lily Laws. Ethel Carroll. Millie Mar
ray, Eugenia Breltengross; "Palm Trees,"
Master Donald Cameron and McKenzie Musical
Society; "Stars and Stripes," McKenzie Musi
cal Society. ,
Miss Ida Day, Rita Reavey, Edna Bennett,
Sybil McGowan. May Fltzh«nry, Doris Black.
Marie Ernestine and Evelyn Goodean: Haaet
Petri * Ruth Schwab, Norma Colvtn. Blanch*
and Henrietta Galey. Lulu Furrer. Annia
Michael. Gladys Faulkner, Carroll and Lester
Chapman. Donald Day, Milton Nolan. John,
Fitzfcenry, Harry HcGowan. Harvey Carotbers.
Eddie Reavey, Henry Andre. "Webster Ran
dolph, John "Wulblchleyer, Louis Andre, Wal
ter McGowan.
A pleasant birthday party was given oa
Sunday evening. July 7, to Miss Lena
Wierck at her residence. 36 Lexington
avenue. In honor of h«r eighteenth anni
versary. The evening was spent in music
and games. Light refreshments were
served during the evenlnsr. • Among those
present were: Misses Hattie and Alma
Slemers, Lohmann and Lena wierck;
J. Kelleher. H. Slemers. John Hulsmann,
G. Jones, H. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. G.
Jones, Mrs. McCaifery and Mr. and Mrs-
Jacob Wlerck.
Miss Hattie Harris was tendered a sur
prise party at her home, 627 Eddy street,
Sunday evening, July 7, in honor of her
birthday. The evening was pleasantly
spent with singing, dancing and games.
The following were present:
A pleasant birthday party was given to
Master Harry McGowan by the children,
of El Verano Villa In the large and spa
cious dining-room on Monday evening.
The hall was decorated with bunting and,
evergreens, and after Indulging In games,
songs and recitations the children »at
down to an elegant repast. The f ollowina
were present:
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
DALLAS, Tex., July 12.— Richard B.
Hubbard, ex-Governor of Texas, and dur
ing President Cleveland's administration
Minister to Japan, died at his home in
Tyler, Tex., to-day.
Richard B. Hubbard.
NEW YORK,- July .12.— R. H. Newell,
who was known as a humorist forty years
ago under the name of Orpheus C. Kerr,
was found dead in his apartments in
Brooklyn to-day. He had been dead for
several days.
B. S. Newell.
BUFFALO, July 12.— Major General
Peter C. Doyle, N. G. S. N. Y., died to-a'ay
at Farnham, Erie County, New York,
where he has been staying since his return
from California. General Doyle waa the
general northern freight agent of the Le
hlgh Valley Railroad Company.
Peter C. Doyle.
SANTA ROSA, July 12.— James Veirs, a
pioneer resident of this section, died.to
day, aged 70 years. He came to Califor
nia in 1S51 and for twenty-one years lived
in Woodland, where he served as Mayor
and member of the Board of City Trus
tees. He was widely known as a stock
raiser and business man.
James Veirs.
TACOMA, July 12.— A telegram received
to-day announced the death of Mason F.
Guess at Mount Vernon. Skagit County.
He was one of the pioneers of Washing
ton, having crossed the plains in 1849 and
lived for. many years at Steilacoom. He
leaves two sons and a daughter, Mrs.
George Kandle of Tacoma.
Mason F. Guess.
In 1SS4 Mr. Beringer came to California
and erected the handsome home he has
since occupied. While he resided in New
York Mr. Beringer was an honored mem
ber of the Orion Society, being president
for thirteen consecutive years. He was
a personal friend of ex-President Cleve
land and in 1SS8 was an elector from this
State on the Democratic ticket. He has
served as town trustee in St. Helena for
a number of years and at the time of his
death was president of the Savings Bank
of St. Helena.
Mr. Berlnger Is survived by a widow
and three children, a brother in St. Helena
and a brother in Germany. The funeral
will' take place from the family residence
at 1 o'clock Sunday afternoon.
ST. HELENA, July 12.— Frederick Ber
inger, one of the leading wine men of
this State, died at his home. Villa Ber
inger, in St. Helena to-day. Mr. Berlnger
was senior member of the firm, of Ber
inger Brothers, proprietors of the Loa
Hermanos vineyards and winery. He
was born in Mainz, Germany, in 1840, and
was educated in St. Louis College. Paris.
He came to New York in 1862.
At 3:15 the firemen were still rescuing
half-suffocated guests from the upper
stories but were UDable to get inside, the
building on account of the smoke. The
fire is apparently. under control, but the
smoke is very heavy and nothing is
known as to the condition of the gueits
In the Inside rooms, of which there are a
great number.
BUTTE, Mont., July 13.— At 2:40 o'clock
this morning a still alarm was turned in
from the Butte Hotel, a four-atory struc
ture on. Broadway. When the firemen
reached the scene the building was en
veloped In smoke, which appeared to pour
from every open window. The firemen
were unable to locate the blaze for some
thirty minutes and the greatest confusion
prevailed. A number of guests on the
lower floors succeeded In groping 1 their
way downstairs in the smoke and'escap
ing with nothing but .their night clothes.
Scores of others were rescued from the
upper windows, where the panic-stricken
guests shrieked for succor arid threatened
to jump to the Eldewalk below. At this
hour it is impossible to state whether
there has been any. loss of life owing to
the confusion.
Pears That Some of the Boomers May
Have Met Death by Asphyxia
tion in tho Dense
Smoke.
Firemen Rescue Many Per
sons From Blazing
Structure.
Guests of Hostelry in
Butte May Have
. ' Perished.
FIRE RAGES
IN A HOTEL
AT MIDNIGHT
Burdlck la In the People's Hospital,
where he was carried after a terrible ac
cident. Dr. I. Clark Gary said he was
likely to recover, although he will prob
ably have to breathe through a tube pro
jecting 1 from his throat, and may never;
speak ag-ain.
Burdick was loading 1 a flat car with Iron
castings when the car overturned, bury
ing him under a mass of metal. One huge
piece fell across his throat and when re
fief came It was thousht he was dead.
The trachea and larnyx were torn away
but the neck was not broken. The Jugular
vein and carotid artery were unharmed,
although the blow that tore away the
windpipe beside them cut the flesh and!
exposed them to view.
The man was promptly operated upon
and equipped with a device for breathing,
which projects from the throat above the
collar bone. He is 43 years old and has a>
wire and six children. His family ara
visiting In Cincinnati.
tated."
CHICAGO, July 12.— The physicians an<S
surgeons of this city are deeply Interested
In the case of Joseph Burdlck, whose con
dition is described with little exaggeration
!n the terms "living although decapi-
Special Dtgpatch to Ths Call.
Laborer's Throat Out in Curi
ous Manner by. Mass of
Metal.
Chicago Hospital Case
Puzzles the Medical
Men.
"DECAPITATED"
BUT HE LIVES
Prosecutor Leach Is Wroth When Mrs. Latri He Refuses
to Testify Against Her Husband.
FAVORS THE WHIPPING POST
FOR BRUTES WHO BEAT WOMEN
WILL BECOME THE BRIDE
OF NAVY=YARD EMPLOYE
Engagement of Hiss- Mabel Boscow arid David
Roberts Is Announced.
Xi±iS SAN VB.A.TXCISCO CALL, SATUBDAYi; JULY 13, .1901.
OAKLAND, July 12.— "If I had my
way the whipping post should be
used," with all the public disgrace
and physical punishment its ser
' vice Involves, upon I such men as
this who beat frail little women, particu
larly their wives."
Such was Prosecuting Attorney A. P.
Leach's recommendation before Judge
Mortimer Smith in court to-day when the
case of Jean Latrllle, charged with beat
ing his wife Louise, came up for trial.
The prosecutor was wrought up to a high
pitch of indignation because he was com
pelled, under the laws of the State, to
11
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Pears', . the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell It, especially
; druggists; all sorts of people use it. :^
w^LJL C# v
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it' often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re*
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al«
kali in it.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATXJKDAY, JULY 13, 1901.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFJCE of The San Franciscc
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. :*;
1841 Mission street: open until 10 p. m. —
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. —
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10?6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m. ,
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No-J-^/S
I. a O. F.. will meet THIS EVEN- .yf
IKQ at 7 o'clock. Installation of offl- /\
cers. H. C. GEORGE. Scribe. • X
F. L. TURPIN, Chief Patriarch.
KXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. jjS^SSfe^
IOO. F. — Kepulsr meeting
THIS <S5AT17RDAY) EVENING.
Third decree. _, KlyGSFQRa _. M .
TERBA BUENA Lodge No. 13. I. _^_|«&.
O O F.— Members are requested
to assemble In the lodge room -.•¦~?%fez-
SUNDAY at 1 o'clock sharp for
the purpose of attending the funeral or our
late brother. JOHN GRANT LIEBERT.
THOS C. MARTIN. N. G.
J. J. DE HAVEN. Rec. Sec. ;
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 16. 1901. at 4 o'clock p. m..
¦when a board of tnistw» will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOTC S*cr*tary.
AGBVTS WANTED.
AGENTS can make $2 to 55 per day. Call at
3 Taylor gt.
ASPHALTE3I HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 3136 Mission: t»l. Folsom 1S07.
ASTROLOGY.
MMeTcARLSON. celebrated astrologist; horos-
copes cast; Ifgsor.s; 4 to 5 p. m. 148 Sixth, r. 22.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW*.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe« without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, «tty at law. SCO Market, cor. Stockton.
AliVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. £27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. P27 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fe*« in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDRRN. ;
LADY would like small children to board; good
home and care. S"1S Sixteenth et.
1 OR 3 chiidrer. t-< boar<l. week or rocnth: best
c«re;sutiny yard:nr.Echool:r«»asonab!e.l<jp7 Cal.
BOOKS — NEW AVB OLD.
BOOKS r^oF"e^erjr"klnd bought TeC Red
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
X— $100oT~GENERAL mercnandls*: store, with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab.
many years- snd doing a splendid business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Et.
A— S9C0— SALOON, with 4 furnished, rooms, 4tb
and Murket Ets.; net rent $22; rare chance;
bargain. Can R. G/WILKE. 26'4 Kearny Ft.
A — $700 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant, near
Call building, clearing $150 per month; rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26'^ Kearny &t.
A— J2S00; STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
notions with laundry route and route of all
S. F. dallies, across the bay, or will sell pa-
per and laundry routes for 11500. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. Z6\i Kearny st.
A— J15C0; HALF INTEREST, ealooa on Kearny
et., clearins; $CCO per month: lease; rare
chance. Call 11. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1500; COFKEE Falcon and restaurant; •
block south cf Market st. ; daily receipts from
$90 up; clearing about $4C0 per month; a rare
chance. Call K. G. WILKE. S6K Kearny.
A— S5S0; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; 5330
cash, balance on time; rent $60: located
Fourth et. Call R. G. WILKE, :«% Kearny. s
A— J3S0; DELICACY store and branch bakery,
with 3 living rooms; rent $1S; kept by owner
11 years; choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. I6Vi Kearny Et.
A— $750; SALOON: no better located place in
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month: no nicht work. See R. G.
TVILKE. 26% Kearny st.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores, 300 gro-
cerles and barn, 400 saloons, 500 bakeries, 600
rtores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call tn and see what we can offer
'WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
IF you want to buy cr sell your business call
•it the Boston Business Agency; we have first-
class lodging houses, groceries, stores, etc..
at treat chances. 1016 Market opp. Fifth.
McBRIDE & CO.
A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak-
ing place in city: fine cash trade; trial given
before buying: owner wants to retire after
several years in business; gilt-edge chance; a
safe Investment. 226 Pine St., ground fl.Tor.
TOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at r-ffice.
O. W. FCHWKINHARD. 917 Market st.. near
Fifth. Phone Mint 121J. f
$125— FRUIT store; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777',j Market st.
$300— CORNER saloon: bargain this day. In^
quire MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market st.
A— WE buy. sell cr exchange any k!n3 of busl-
ness. GUS STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny Et.
MINER; v.-crkmtr partner; quartz and placer.
Roc— 1 35. IS?; Mr_rket st.
BOOTBLACK stand for sale, with 1 chair $5
216 Sixth Ft ., barber shop.
MILLINERY «ore for sale in the thriving
town of Salinas: about 4000 inhabltantsr
eplendid location: rent reasonable; w'll be
fold at a bargain. For particulars address
box 21S, SaKr-as. Cal.
J450— EAKKJIl' with two horses and 2 wagons,
doing a fine business: owner wants to go to
Oe— nany. Inquire 1365 Castro st.. Oakland^
FOR sale; $250— Restaurant in business loca-
tion; central. Apply 243 Harriet St.; call be-
tween 1 and 3 p. m.
J7S0— RESTAfllAXT In factory district: bar^
gain on account of departure to Europe. Box
4455 Call office.
WHOLE or half interest In real estate- office,
with large lists cf business. 759 Market Et.
$300— CARPENTER and jobbing shop for sale
in good location. Address box 415S. Call.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
921 Howard st. ; no agents.
GOOD opening for barber Fhcp and baths lu
botel; a!?o tailor. 71S Valencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions • has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED Rdvertisements and subscriptions
rt rcel\ed at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGIXG-HOLSES FOR SALE.
55" 6. IJECKElir'irai Mark-t. c^p. Fifth~sT
14 roo:ns $600
15 rooms en one floor jj(y
27 roo?jis. 17 furp.lshed !".iG00
S-room fiat 4400
70-room hotel, country town J3000
fF.-room board!ns-house $7500
10 rooms, must sell !i.$000
"1 rooms, fine corner, clears $200 '.!'.!jl500
6-room fiat, down town (transient) !.f500
IS rooms on Uieslca street JCOO
£S-room house, clears- S^K) f'130
1S-ROOM HOUSE
New, fine furniture
Clears J150 .
Price, $3400
' 566 ether bargains irurn J.%0 to $10 000
.11. C. DECKER. . ,
1020 Market ft., opposite Fifth.
A, CAMERON & CO.. ; ~~~
K.0 Market Ft. and 8 Stockton £t.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23, Phone Bush 228
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sen IUt with us. We have cash customers
for all eizes and prices. See list of bargain*
42 r. cor.; rert J100; lease 5 yrs.; car., fur.
S year* old 51300
22 r. cor.: rent $103; gooA house: clears $120. 14(W
MONEY loaned on deterred payir tents; 1»£%.
28 r. rent ?ei>: rood house; always full bars. 1000
IS r.; rent JS3: good fcr.. carp; large yard.. 3250
20 r. rent S60; good house; always full; barg. 1008
Over SCO houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION. BUYERS! ~
You may buy any roomine-house in
the city, and pay for it
In monthly payment*
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houees furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FTEHER & CO.. 335 Market: phone Folsom 1J42
75 rooms; price $5070142 rooms; price $?.so6
28 rooms; price.... 19 3D '30 rooms; price 2231
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. 1750
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60; price 1500
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
THE largest and" best list of lodging-houses
and betels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. :
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911. . t - ¦ ¦ .
LODGING house. 20 rooms, $325. Call" at 105
New Montgomery sL , -
SPIRITUALISM^
, MlasT'T^'wmfNEY^ ~~
Trance, busint-ss medium: life reader: exam-
. lnes ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures siok: cancer removed without
«jse of knife. 11«4 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; EUls-
st. car; ait.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM,
- the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice
in. all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated: mining a spe-
cialty; circles Sun.. Wed., FrI. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
ARNOLD DICKSON leaves city 25th; test cir-
cle to-night; readings and spirit photos daily.
143 Sixth st." -- .
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak: cir. Tues., Fri., 3
a p. m.; Wed., 2:30 p. m. ; 10c: meet, dally. 50c.
T-RIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third Ft., next Examiner bids She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; -perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
\— LINCOLN- CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky: reunites the separated: makes harmony
•in your home; gives accurate advice on all
1 lwsineES affairs: investments.mining.oil; read-
1 ings by mail : send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
Consult MME. MONTAGUE, eminent clair-
voyant and scientific palmist: gives advice on
business, speculations, investments, sickness,
law divorce; Rives truthful revelation in all
love' affairs: reunites the separated: no fail-
ure. 13S2 Market St., opposite Seventh.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 12C6 Mar-
ket st.. comer Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Pef.'ect satisfaction guaran-
teed 5>y mall; r-end stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MMR. ARNDT. the treat clairvoyant, tells pa?t
and future: n*ver fail?: has the (rreate?t Egyp-
tian secret ; shews picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to 'everybody;
.cures diseases by sympathy. 215V- Sixth st.
MMF. PORTER, wonderful isjalrvoyam & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life readirg; ladles 50c;
pents 51: palm, nn-1 clair. s'i.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
I Mrs. Dr. Saylor. qu<K-n of clairvoyants & palm-
1 »5ts: names and drtes: L. 25c; G. 50c; mall $1
lf.11% Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1035.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason, medium: teaches
palmistry and rrind telegraphy: advice on all
business; 4 questions by mail, $1; hr's, 12 to S.
I KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny: never
I fails: 25c and EOc. 1203 Mi_*ton ft.," cor. Sth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
i palrniet, permanently located 115S Market, op.
6th: private readings fially. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
I MRS. DR. VALEEN, clair.. palmist: advice on
I all affairs': mcsraRer, from departed friends;
f teacher of personal magnetism. 1523H Market.
I MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
I ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
j palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
I CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
' only 10c. 262 Minna st., near Fourth^
i MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, writer
j reader. 11. f.th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
j M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
; sittings, 9 a.m. to S p.m.: 50c. 213 Leavenworth.
! MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
; sittings daily. 44S% Jep«ie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
! MME. RAVENNA read-* life fluently: business
j advice: names givrn: 25c up. 5 Fourth *t. '
! CARPET BKATIXG AXD CLEANING.
j WHEN vou become disgusted with poor work
! send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beal-
j ing Works. 3E3-JE7 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
1 BEATING. 3c; laying. Cc; renovating, 5c up;
1 .work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
I RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
J .reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 2C3.
! CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
i 333 Goiden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
i ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
j tel. Main '394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
I JONES & CO.. re'lable carpet cleaners and ren-
j ova tors. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
! CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
i ETEVENF, Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
i J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
j vatlrig Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 11.
.
i CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
l TON. 3 Eighth st. : telephone Jessie 944.
j _
: COLLECTION' OFFICES.
j COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency,
• room 85. 91G Market St. — Experienced, reason-
I able, trustworthy.
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un~
j less successful. Rccm 310, 927 Market st.
; COTTAGES TO* LET.
i ?S— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard. 1705 Turk St.,
1 near Scott. .
DEXTISTS.
j AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL cLfNIQ,*»» .Mar-
! ket Et.. cor. Jth. rjn. 7, Fluod bid?., you can '
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
I without plates oi'r epeclalty; gold crowns,
I $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
! fice hours. 9 a. m. to 18 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
j p. m. J. XV. THAYCHHR, M. D.. Manager.
I EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
i and fillinEs; extractions or fillings by my
! wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years"
j experience: no students; advice free: prices
i cheapest and puaranteed; larly attendants,
j DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
I A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 J!): fillings,
j TXc; plates, S3: full set; all -work painless and
; wzrranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
! AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
i on weekly installments; lowest rates.
1 ,
i PARIS Dental Parlors, 23j Kearny. cor. liush —
i Full set of teeth, ?4; crowns, J3; fillings, 2Jc.
; DR R. L.WALSH.SIS^ Gea ry, nr.Larkin— Paln-
i less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;i)honePoIkll3C.
J DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor^ Ex-
I aralncr building: formerly In Murphy KldR.
i LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
I DC2. N. Y. Dentists. £69 Mission St., cor. 8th.
1 VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
I days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. .
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. K. G.
YOUNG, mi Polk St.
j DI2TI2CTIVE AGENCIES, v
j JIcCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases poji-
live!y refused. Enima Spreckels buiMlns,
rooms 323-121. San Franc!«co; tel. South 381.
j DltESSaiAJvKItS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
i McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School^
i Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
i ¦
! ACCORDEON pleating; country orders nrompt
J attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
KDUCATIOSAL.'
i AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
j $3 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
j complete business education; shorthand, typ-
j ing:, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, cora'l law.
penmanship, etc.: experienced teachers ;, new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bids.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; . Robert
F. Oallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
f-horthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $20; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford profe«Kor. Phelan building. ;
! HIGH school students— The Weekly Geometry
! Papers make home study easy; circulars. 3041
Sixteenth st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
.positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College-Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, »ve. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of, Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
¦ Cisco Business College. 1236 Market St.
A SPECIALTY-Perfecting betfnners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. . TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.; day or eve.; ji mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, ifuitar
lessong, SCc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth 8t.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F •
founded 1863; new SO-pqge catalogue free.
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st., nr. 6th.
EDUCATIONAL — Continued. •;,;
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students of
both sexes; chronic j functional nervous * dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell. '
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chernic medication cures faulty nutrl-
: "tion, nerve, blood & constitutional- diseases.
Drs. K. & IC.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. • GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
J Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED- -FEMALE.
WANTED by a respectable German, a place
as working housekeeper in a nice family or
with an elderly couple; best of refexence.
. Box 3979. Call office. ¦ ,
YOUNG woman with a small child wants work
as working housekeeper; home more of object
. than salary; best 'of references. Box 2911,
Call office. •;
ELDERLY woman, Protestant, wishes - to do
H«h*. housework; good cook; city or country.
136 Fifth St., tetween Mission and Howard.
A YOUNG woman would like position as
housekeeper; with little girl. Call 702 Post
St., morning and evening. - -
WOMAN wishes work in first-class family or
second work and care of children and assist
in general housework. • Call 429 Fell st. ¦
YOUNG sirl wishes situation doing general
housework. . S22 Fremont st.
, A COMPETENT woman wishes situation in
city or country; good cook. 476 Jessie st.
A WOMAN wants sweeping Or cleaning or of-
fice work. Call cr address M. S., 152U Clara.
¦ GIRL wishes general housework; wages -$20.
J.lG-i Tehama st., near Third.
I SITUATION wanted by an experienced cook,
I general housework, light washing, children's
I care; San Francisco references, at your own
I price. Call 10 to 3, 603 Washington st.
i RELIABLE girl, speaks German, wishes situa-
tion at general housework and cooking;, ref-
erences. B. C, box 3805, Call offlce.
I FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position in
] private family: no housework; Jewish family
I preferred. MRS. L. M., 3S27 Twenty-third st.i
I YOUNG lady wishes position as copyist. Ad-
i dress 526 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2G0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 CO to
£6 we»k; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and batfpage to and from ferry. \ '
CLASSIFIED, advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANXH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 1096
j Valencia sr.
j EMPLOYMENT WAIVTED — MALE.
I WANTED by first-class accountant, position
i as bookkeeper, accountant or general office
! work; can give best of references. Address
! box 4450, Call office.
i FRENCH pork butcher wants to work as an
I apprentice cook in a private family; refer-
| ences. FAUVET, 725 Sansome St.
j NEWSPAPERMAN, practical printer, wants
I position; can work in any capacity. Box 301S,
j _Call office^
j YOUNG man, German, 27,, seeks employment
: of any kind; grocery store or saloon preferred.
! Box 3919, Call offlce.
i ENGINEER and machinist of long experience;
i up to date, temperate; has good references.
! L. A.. 8d5 Sixteenth st.. Oakland.
POSITION wanted as attendant to an invalid;
1 best of references. Box 4463, Call offlce.
¦ BY thoroughly competent engineer; 15 years'
j experience around mine hoist and mills, der-
• rick hoist and pumps of all kinds; handy
I with all kinds of tools; must be permanent
I place, as he is married and doesn't like mov-
; ing. Address. Engineer, 7S1 Mission st.
j AMERICAN. 13 years' experience in railway
I ' construction In Philippines, Slam and China,
j wishes employment, Mexico or other Spanish
j American country; track and bridge work
; specialty: speaks Spanish. H. E., Cosmo-
! polltan Hotel, room 11.
j PHYSICIAN from the East wishes position sh
j assistant or nurse, or attendant: also a mas-
1 seur; full line of instruments. Box 4162, Call.
• YOUNG man wishes to hear of a position in
j erocery store or saloon ; good references. Box
i "304, Call offlce.
' YOUNG man, steady and reliable; good driver:
'¦ understands care of horses and stock and
! handy with tools. Address box 3309, Call.
! GOOD butcher wishes situation in city. Box
! 4SCS. Call offlce.
i JAPANESE boy -wants some situation a por-
| tlon of the day, between 6 and 8 a. m. ; good
I pay. "The New World," 1016 Powell st.
¦ CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 10D6
Valencia Et. * .
exchasge"
; WISH to exchange, good real estate in Srfn
j Jose; well improved; 5 50-varas, with large
I bearing trees, all kinds of fruit; 1 price $10,000;
I for San Francisco property. ¦ Box 4313, Call.
• EXCHANGE and sales offlce, £21 Phelan bids.,
j Market st.— Send particulars of anything you
i have for exchange. . c ale or want; registration
! froe: insurance and loans. 1
! FEATHERS KENOVATEU.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
i renovated. E. J. 0'HOURKE, 1333 Valencia
st. ; phone Capp 26S2. *
FLATS TO LET.
COLE, corntr Oak— One flat of 8 rooms; tiled |
I bathrooms and sinks; beamed and frescoed j
ceilings; looking out on Park: marble vesti- j
i bule; furniture for sale, which . Is new and •
I artistically selected; open bet. 10 and 4 o'clock
I every day. Key at 4C9 Cole st.
O'FARP.ELL, 1275 and 1277— Beautiful upper
: sunny fiats of 8 rooms and bath, with all
modern conveniences. SHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE & CO., 21S-220 Montgomery st.
EDDY. 751, near Van Ness— A well-arranged
furnished upper flat of 9 rooms and bath;
centrally located. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
j & CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery ct. '
$25— 101S CHURCH st.; furnished sunny flat for
2 months; piano; gas stove. MADISON &
j BURKE.
p-FINE. £132 — 6 room?, bath; all modern; large
; back yard : fine basement. Inquire of owner,
I Z134 P=ne st.
j BEFORE moving drop a postal to 925 : i Folsom
i st.; we buy anything you don't care to move.
j FLATS WAIVTED. - i
I _.
I WANTED— Near the park or in desirable part
! of Mission, below Twentieth St., furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults:
rent reasonable. . Address immediately box
j . *457, Call offlce.
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
j bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
I terrh. Address box 3917. Call offlce. . .
I FCRMTURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 oO,.wlth No. 7
I range. Kins Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market,
j FCRXITURE WASTED.' .
j CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buy? furniture.
j merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
EEFORE disposing of your furniture see
I Golden Gate Auction Co.,1 92S Howard Et.
j A. VvOLI.PERT. 773 Mission St., cays highest
i prico for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.VIacent, 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 694;:
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
QLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant' ave.
I ==================================—
! HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT'cr^riL^SEN''& l ''cbV'sT!T^64"GearyVt.
HOIEL DEPARTMENT.
Woman with a child for chamberwork and
waitress, same place, $15, $20, fare paid; linen
- room woman for hotel south, $20, fare paid,
see party here; wonian starcher, same place,
$33; 2 lroners, Southern California, $35; Pro-
testant woman, institution," $20; 2 Bhakers-
out and assist on mangle, city laundry; man
and wife as porter and waitress, country
hotel; 50 . waitresses, city, • country, " springs
and resort hotels, $20, $25; pantry, girl, sum-
mer resort. $20. .-"v -
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Many choice places «ln this department.-' ¦-£¦' '
s- C. R. HANSEN &CO- 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY.;.. ........Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, mountain resort, fare one-way
' .....................•..................; $25
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare • paid ...$20
Waitress, resort; • near city 520
~3 waitresses, south, fare paid.. ............ ..J25
5 waitresses. - city. .$20 j
Middle-aged chambermaid, country hotel.. $20
2 chambermaids to wait.. .$20
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT .:...:.:..
Cook. $30: second girl,. $25, American family
of 3; cook, no washing?, country, $30; many
choice places, families just coming from
country. ¦ • . < -
MRS. M. E. DAT........ ...335 Geary st. '
HELP WAXTED FEMALE— Con.
WANTED— Cook for resort, $35; cook, : private
1 family, see party , here to-day, $30; girl for
secohd work, same house, $20; 2 second girls,
,; city. {20; : 2 cleaning women for Institution,
*25; S waitresses for city and. country hotels,
$20-$23; .2 laundresses,' private families, $30;
laundress • for hotel, city, $20:. 40; girls for
general housework, ¦ city and country, with
and without washing. Anply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. -31C Slitter st. -.1
WANTED— First-class cook and second girl to
do work of small family in country; good
wages ; modern . house. - Box 3920, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED" hands on woolen waists:
good jay. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery- at.
GIRLS wanted to wrap \ chewing gum. 27
Main. st. ,
WOMAN, for housework and cooking:. Call 9
a. m. ; wages $15. J389 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL to assist in housework; small flat; 2 in
¦family; $10. 1033A Dolores st.
COMPETENT waitress. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED-^Waltresses at 1007 Market st.
GIRL wanted for nlain cooking. 2930 Fulton
St., near Fifth ave. ,
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant, 1191
Market st.
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard
St., between Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
GIRL for general housework. 1053 Market St.,
upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted. Myrtle Ba-
kery, 204 Sixth st. __
WANTED— Girl for general housework, $25 a
month. Call from 2 to 5 at 2314 California st.
50 OPERATORS on silk and wool waists: good
pay; steady work. S. F. M. Co., 523 Market.
GIRL wanted to do light housekeeping. 206
Minna st ; call Sunday. ;
WANTED— Woman accustomed to care of sick.
Box 3901. Call offlce. ,vvjy,;
YOUNG girl to assist with housework: 4 in
family; wages $12. Call morning at 2450 Bush.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to do
housework and cooking; wages $20. Apply or
address 1448 Benton st., Alameda.
WANTED— First-clasa button-hole maker; high
wages.-- 927 Market St.. room 623.
WANTED— Experienced waitress; also girla
¦ to ledrn waiting- on table. 725 Market st.
GIRLS wanted at Contra Costa Laundry, cor-
ner Fourteenth and Kirkham sts., Oakland.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; Ger-
. man preferred. Call D to 11. morns. 926 Eddy.
GTRLS wanted. Bookbindery, E36 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; also girls
to learn ; no fee. 127 Mason Bt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recelied at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY~Tl?Phone Main 6848
Leading— Employment and Labor— Agents.
Offlce open 7a. m.. to-day.
FREE— FARE to. FKEE— FARE
..: UKIAH- — UKIAH
50 teamsters Ukiah .VI day, free fare
50 laborers Ukiah $2 day, free fare
LOS ANGELES
SANTA BARBARA SURF DIVISION
•50 men, S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work
$1 75 to $2 25 day, free fare
.. WE— SHIP— MORNING— NOON— NJGIIT ..
CARPENTERS ". . . BLACKSMITHS
5 carpenters, large mine co., rough work. .$75
¦ Carriage blacksmith for Washington. %Z 50 day
Machine blacksmith. $3 day; blacksmith
helpers, country shops. $35 to $45 and found;
ranch blacksmith, $40, fare $150; 15 black-
smiths and horseshoers, different country
shops, camps and ranches, $3 and $2 £0 day,
$40 to $60 and found.
... BOILERMAKERS
Boilermaker for' a large company, steady
• job, $3 50 day; bollermaker, country shop,
J3 25 day and increase.
MACHINE MINERS— LUMBER FILERS. '
5 machine miners, $2 50 fare ....$82 50
, 10 lumber pliers, large sawmill co $35 & fd
10 woodsmen, $40 to $CJ and found; 5 laborers,
make roads, San Mateo Co., $30; 4 bark peel-
| ers, San Mateo Co., $40, single-hand miners,
$50; muckers, large mine, $60.
..... NEW— WORK— SHASTA COUNTY .....
25 laborers, no experience required.. $2 25 -day
15 drillers, $2 50 day, reduced R.R. fares; 500
laborers, city and country, $1 75 to $2 50 day.
i.. .- TEAMSTERS
10 two and four horse teamsters, Amador "
County ..$2 and $2 ?5 day
FARMS— DAIRIES-HARVEST
27 farmers, • orchard and vineyard hands, $26
and $3C; 5 wheat bucks, $52; 6 ranch team-
sters $2 day; 50 men, hay and harvest fields,
. $1 25 to $2 E0 day; pruners, $26; 15 milkers, '
$30 and $35; cattle and sheepherders, $25 and
530: choremen and boys: stableman, winery
co., $30; 2 stablemen, city; 4 woodchoppers,
Jl 75 cord: choreman, institution, $20.
¦ ... BUTCHERS— HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...
Butcher, good meat cutter, country shop.. $40
Butcher, shop and wagon, near city '..$30
Steward for the springs; waiter, country re-
sort, $25; dishwasher, mine, fare $2 50, $30;
cook for six men, camp, $30; night watch-
man; also r>orter, country hotel; baker, coun-
try shop; cook'3 helper, mine, $30; 15 cooks;
9 waiters, first and secend cook, boat, $70.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary st.
Railroad ' work. : Railroad work
Free fare ......'.:.. Free fare
For Truckee
100 teamsters and laborers
For Nevada
¦ J00 teamsters and laborers $2
For Coast Road
100 laborers, ballasting gang $1 75
..Los Anseles and Santa Barbara Divisions..
For Ukiah
ISO • teamsters and laborers.. :. — ?2
JOSixmen and Eav/yers $2 and %" 23
For Chatsworth Park
10 headers and drillers....'.. $2 50 and $3
100 muckers and laborers $2 and *2 25
i.0 outside drillers and laborers $1 75 and $2
Free fare Ship to-day..... — Free fai-»!
lCd laborers for large electric company, coun-
try, J2 25 a day: 20 farmers, haymakers and
milkers, $?5 and $30; 6 farmers, near city,
Jl 25 a day; blacksmiths, wheelwrights, sta.-
" blemen, choreman end others. '
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Garde mange, country hotel, $75; cold meat
cook, country hotel, 565 to $73; head and sec-
ond cook and dish-wnsher for springs, $120;. I
attendant cook for -institution, J40; broiler,
country hotel, J55; 10 dishwashers, hotels, re- j
sorts, $30 and $25; 6 waiters for resorts 1
and springs, J30; 2 restaurant waiters, coun-
try. $30: gardener, resort, $25; sllverman, re- ,
sort. $25 ."; -.
10 colored extra waiters, country hotel, Jl CO
: a day and fare paid both ways ;..
Bookkeeper, -must be stenographer and type-
writer, country, $33 and found. .
C. R. HANSKN fc CO..'. 104 Geary st.
RESTAURANT cook, ?50 to $60: hotel second
cook, $50; yardman for hotel. $25 and found:
dishwasher and sllverman for resort, $23 and
found; vegetable end hot' cake cook for coun-
try, $35 and found: man and wife for resort, -
$35 and found; Inside servant, private fam-
ily, $20 and found; waiters for hotel. $30 and
, found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st. >^
COACHMAN. $35 and found; fruit farmer and
wife. $50 and found; stable and chore man for
. private place, $30 and found: man about place.
$25 and found: 10 milkers. $30 and found; 13
farmers, '.$1. $1 25 day and $30 and found;
teamsters, $2 day; choremen; miners; laborers
for mines, quarries, mills and other work.
$1 75, 52 and $2 25 day; driver for. milk wagon.
$35 and board; stableman for milkman, $35;
stableman, small- country livery stable. $30
and found, part fare paid, and others. J. F.
CRGSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St.: phone Bush 405.
100 R. R. laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.
L. A. and, Santa .Barbara, division..
No experience required.
$1 office fee; no other expense. ;; -*v
FREE FARE, SHIP DAILY.- FREE FARE/
Harvest hands ....$2 per day and board
" Lumber pliers ....$35 per month and: board
. 8 men for rock work... ..$2 25 per day |
-. fi sawmill men....S30 to $35 month and board j
3 miners to run air drills ...'.$3 25 per day
3 men to feed hay press, $2 50 to $3 per day;
4 teamsters, city. .
2 milkers. 25 cows, $30 per mo., see boss here.
- Laundryman, hotel, country, $20 and found,
free fare. h,
S.F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny Et
60 R. R. laborers. Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare; 50 laborers for lumber mill, ship
Monday; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters, $2 25,
country, fare $1 20; porter, $30 and found. I
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12 I
—Second cook. $35, country; bellboys, $10 and
.$15; 2 first-class colored waiters, country, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union— 1
Free employment. 927 Market st. - room 207. |
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1173. .-
MAN. upright, character, to manage business of |
established house; salary $18 weekly & ex- •
penses, payable wkly. from headquarters; ex- :
pense money advanced; permanent; reference.
Standard House, S64 Caxton bldg.', Chicago.
WANTED — An experienced domestic j salesman.
Apply at HALE BROS., 979 Market St., be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, waitresses and
buses;' also extras . for Epworth League con-
ventlon; register at once; no fee. 127 Mason..
EXPERIENCED Industrial insurance ¦ man. '
Call on J. REINDERS, between 9 a. m. and
. 12 m., rooms 17-20, Donohoe building. : - • |
WANTED— A* good head - waiter; also several
. good hotel waiters at .the Golden West. Ho-
. tel. 68 Ellla st. .-;¦.-. ¦¦¦-¦.. , : . ¦--..•¦¦.. : .- . !
FOR SALE— Good two-chair barber shop ac-
count of sickness; established 7 years. Ad-
dress 642 E. Main 8t_jStockton. n, • ;l
. iTfKT.T* VW* VTKT»J — M»«,E— TimJ'
UNION, barber; good worker; Saturday and
Sunday; $5.- 2195 Powell st. .
"WANTED — A good barber for Sunday at 504 Vi
Broadway. ¦ • : ¦
BARBER .wanted Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 1192A Harrison st. -
BARBER Saturday afternoon and Sunday;
-steady. 1546 Park St., Alameda. >¦
JOB pressman; steady work. 522 Market st.,
third floor. . \ . 4
PORTER wanted for general work. Call'Rose-
. dale, 321 Ellis st. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '
WANTED— Canvasser; patent lamp wicks 731
Clementina St., bet. 6 and 7 p. m. Saturday.
WANTED— Boy about 15; wages liberal. Ad-
dress Machinist, box 3316, Call offlce.
VEST presser. Call this morning at 766 Geary
street. _ - •
WANTED— Man to help In dining-room; wages
$15 and found. 507 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK, country, $9 week; steady. - Call
> 141* Ellis st. -. ¦ ' .
WAITER, experienced, for private rooms in
restaurant. - 135 Ellis st. ¦
BOY to assist in store and run errands. 535
Valencia st. . . . - ¦¦'<¦-¦
GOOD young waiter at 120lVillmore St.. corner
Turk. ,f v
BOY for offlce; must write good hand; refer-
ences required. Apply to W.. O. WAYMAN,
420 California St., after 3 p. m., Saturday; not
¦^before.
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter St.
BOY to work in a laundry. Apply 251 Jessie
St., near Fourth. -
WANTED— A young butcher at 2004 Polk «t.,
near Pacific. . •
BOY wanted; not over 16 years; $3 per week..
Pacific Electric Motor Co., 183 Jessie st. ;
WANTED — Driver' solicitor for dyeing and
cleaning on commission. Call 5 Brady st.
WANTED — 10 apprentices for machinist trade.
Apply 411 Market st.
DRUG clerk wanted. Inquire at 603 Montgom-
ery st. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CARRIAGE painter wanted. H. HORTOP,
Rutherford, Cal.
HEN wanted to learn the barber trade; only
8 weeks required; 2 years' time saved by our
method; examination and diploma given
free, complete outfit of tools donated; special 1
Inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.
SOLDIERS wanted learn the barber trade; spe-
cial inducements: situations guaranteed after
8 weeks' practice; call or write at once for j
special ofter and free catalogue. MOLER
COLLEGE, 625 Clay st. ,
A GOOD reliable young man to deliver in city
for wholesale house; good pay to right party;
references. Call at 2782 22d St., Sunday bet.
, 10 and 12 a. m. i
THE Boston Institute of Autoshaving— We
teach men the art of self-shaving; terms rea-
sonable; offlce hours 10 to 12 a. m.. ¦ 1 to 4
¦ and 6 to 8 p. m. 105 Ellis Bt., toom 31.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Meson st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night r' $1 to $2 per week. j
WANTED — Cigar clerk; good wages; must be
acquainted In city; references wanted. Ad-
dress box 442S. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Address box 4443, Call offlce.
FREE HOMES SOLDIERS'
.Declaratory stattments" filed at 630 Market
st. SMITH & HOWE.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS. j
Past Commander Goo. H. Thomas Post No. 2, J
G. A. R., room Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
WANTED— A Rood photographer and router.
Addrese box 443S, Call office.
WANTED— Cellar man for wine and liquor
house; state- references. -Box 4427 Call office.
GET your shces half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 5Cc. 563 Mission st^bet. 1st and 2d sis.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon. 816 Treat j
ave. ; German preferred. . ' 1
GOO*D boy who understands bookbinding. MY-
SELL, ROLLINS & CO., 22 Clay St.
WANTED— 500 men .to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs, second-
• hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 2G Steuart st. 1
MEN to ler.rn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. ' Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c- night; reading-rooms; iree
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1026
Valencia st.
HOUSES AND WAGOAS.
40 'HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
227 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday. '
'SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred,
broken to saddle and harness; lady drives
him: cheap at $150; don't answer if you are
looking for a $5T) horse. 125 Geary st.
FINE matchpd teams, suitable for carriages
and doctors' teams; 4 single horses. Thir-
teenth and Harrison sts.
WANTED — Good single-footer. 5 to S years old,
weight about 1C0O pounds. Union Stock Yard,
Thirteenth and Harrison sts.
GOOD horse and good O'Brien cart; also one
mule; cheap. 233 Fulton st.
40 HEAD of work sind driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, bungles, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
¦ camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
. HOUSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to -work on scraper job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery j-t., room 25. .
HOUSES TO LET.
X^p3G[NT^D^!ETTio^ses~7o^eT?^elid~^oT^ir^
cular. G. IT. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
$12— HOUSE of 5 rooms; yard. 549 Stevenson
st.. opposite new postofflce.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished cottage 5 rooms and bath;,
coal and gas range; garden. 3035 Twenty-
third St.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes cost of 2%c; saves
fire iu range; you light yijur flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on installments:
call and see it in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bidg.. r. 6f>7.
LOST AND FOUXD. .
LOST in Golden Gate Park while driving,
bank book "on Second National <liank. New
York; suitable reward. Return to clerk at
St. Nicholas Hotel. ,
LOST— From 434 Sixtieth St., , Oakland, long-
haired black and white collie dog, valued
as baby's playmate. : .Reward if returned to
434 Sixtieth St., Oakland.
LOST— Grocer's order book last Tuesday. Re-
turn to J. J. CUSACK,' 715 Brannan st. ; re-
ward. - - *
LOST— In the ¦ vicinity of First and Natoma
sts., . small brown spaniel bitch with white
breast. Return to So Jessie st. ; reward.
LOST — Thursday, smalpgold wreath pin.' one
pearl; reward. 4C2 Kearny St.. room 2.'
LOST— Small black dog, "Monk." 269^ Clem-
. entlna "3t. ; . $5 reward. ~ / ,-¦ :
LOST— Scotch collie bitch, Tuesday Evening,
July 9. on last -Hyde-st. car; liberal reward. •
Return to 447 O'Farrell s|. .
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler, 248 O'Farrell,' bet. Powell and Mason.
:. MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latent list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AXO PILLOWS. /
TO , order, also . cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
' anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st. ;
tel. Bush 421. •-•¦/:•,.•- "
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A steam or gasoline launch ; must
' be a bargain. Rio Wrecking Co., 415 Parrott
building. . - - .
ALL unused check stamps bought; 2c;- loose or
Imprinted; also all documentary and proprie-
. tary stamps. R. GARVEY. 1008 Call building.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. : 154 Sth st.: tel. Folsom 2522.
MISCELLANEOUS—- FOR SALE. -
BOILERS, engines, - 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and* po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a larse stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
'ON acount of vacating present location and
moving to new works we offer for sale — for
removal — our present buildings, consisting of
machine shop, foundry and boiler shop, with
traveling cranes. Risdon Iron Works, Beale
and Howard • sts.
I ' ¦ .
AIR compressor. 2 sizes. 5. 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 mininjr cars, pumps, locomptive, rail mo-
• tors,-' generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water Dower. J. B. Jardine, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
. gines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st. .-
50.0C0-GALLON redwood tank and frame; 3, 4
and 6 inch pine; second hand. THOMPSON, 40
Main st. •
A— ?3 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75, Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— 2,- S AND 25 horsepower gasoline engines:
latest model. Address box 4375, Call offlce.
A BARGAIN— 20-foot sloop. Apply 339 Grove
St., San Francisco.
AT 3c roll, wallpaper, painting, paper hang-
ing. 1302 Webster st. ; tel. Jackson 1321.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st. .
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market at., San Fran.
$61 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
MAGIC lanterns, new ' and 2d-hand moving pic-
tureg. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St.
WE nay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton St.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results -promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
I helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment, $4,
maternity home; bust developer: send stamp
for circulars. 1128 Market St., S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that i3 guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and mo.-t obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped;: no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' Epeciali3t; 26
. years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
I DR. and Mrs. Davies, 1.28 Market; our regula-
1 tor is a treatment superior to others, has
brought health and happiness to thousands of
anxious, suffering and despondent women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; -my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
j without pain: best care: fee low; consult free.
I MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
' T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
\ MOSEV TO LOAX.
HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market St., loans on
first and second mortgages, interests in es-
tates, undivided interests in real estate, lega-
cies, etc. ; if your property is mortgaged and
you need more money, see HERMAN MUR- i
PHY, 6?0 Market st.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.:
First, second and third mortgages 1
Undivided interest in real estate in probate., j
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay...... i
Get my terms before doln? business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
• their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Roonis 0 and 10, 9C6 Market St.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
! Chronicle building-. HALLORAN & OLSEX.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market j
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. I
$25,000 IN trust to loan at S per cent; city- or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER, 337 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money!
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker- |
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63. j
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds, j
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAU 10 Sixth: j
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds, j
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal; 1
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister. |
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each }
.' $10CO; any security. 3C2 Montgomery St.. r. 1
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100, OCO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
221 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FACT .worth remembering— that we are offer-
* Ing you 20 and 30 per cent discount on all
pianos purchased this month from us; we
sell not only pianos but the Olympic music
boxes on easy payments: you have this ad-
vantage if you trade with us — we do not take
away the instrument it you are not able to
pay regularly; we don't do business that way;
come and see iis and get prices and terms
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Mar-
. ket st. .
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 333 .Market, S. F.
i . (Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.)
We sell the popular pianos of the day— Steck
Everett. Packard, Conover. Hardman. Ludwig.
Baldwin, Valley Gem. Smith & Barnes, Har-
rington, KIngsbury. Jewett and Straube.
You cannot afford to buy a niano until you
see THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
ALL. pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
.upright or baby grand ptano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. , New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good %ptanos sold for $3. $4 ant!
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st, Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 ; years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farreli St.; established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains—! Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz 1
Sterling-. $75. $125; $1 15, etc. ; easy payments
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 0'Farrell st
Chickerlng, Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes; great bargain; $50 up; rents 13
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
. free; you get first money when you selL
HEINE PIANO CO-, 217 Geary st.
JAS. , KEEFFE'S piano warerooms now per-
manently located at 22 Turk St.. near Junc-
tion Mason. Market & Turk ;; largest ¦ in city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale o£ storage pianos
at your own price; $6 installments- no re
serve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy, Lester. Hamilton
and . Spellmann . pianos. 308 Post st.
PARTY going to Chicago. must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedal upright piano. 752 Ellis at -
V> r .; MUSICAL IJTSTRtTaiEXTS-— Con.
EAIIGAINS-Halneg. $290; Kramer $133 .¦ Nlea-
mann. $140; Cable. $173. W. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood building. ;
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher $95;
Chlckerlns. $155. Room 38, 217 Geary st.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St. ._
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights. $100; pianoa
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
$S0— FINE upright: baby irrand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
\ LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORN'UNG'S, 215 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Mc-
Allister st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
328 PACIFIC- st.— Handsome. lar^ e « tore - cheap;
also 810 Sansome. store $8 per month.
LIGHT, cheerful offices; $15 and J2O. Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market at.
OIL.
CAL1STOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nin-j
districts. Offlce. 23 and 24 Merchants* Ex.
40 ACRES, just north of Bakersfleld. $30. con-
ditionally. HAMILTON & CO.. 8 Flood bldg.
OIL tanks, second hand.' In good order; nil
rizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission ft.
PAIXTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, relt-
able work. Clark's. 803 Larkln; tel. Larkln 106a
PALMISTRY.
1 MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
MME GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 3. 90S Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
A EPvTORTH Leaguers' downtown meeting
place at the Bon-Ton at 324 Post St., near
Powell. Luxurious rsading-roomr writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. M.anicurinx. hairdressing or
baths. 25c. All visitors welcome.
A— IF you hair is falling or you are bald, call
on Dp. G. S. MOORE. 483 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
JULY 1L 1901.— I hereby give notice that I will
not be responsible for any debts contracted by
my wife, IDA B. LAUGHLAND. as she has
left my bed and board.
WM. LAUGHLAND.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $150 Der night; SI 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and basgage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suit* to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
. gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
j RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; al?o
j chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
I carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
" rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SPANISH lessens given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllistejr st. "
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J.Silvennan. 384 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
I hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
j POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
! satisfaction guaranteed. 4G9 Hayes st.
! SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
j electric needle. MISS EATON, 1113 Sutter st.
I TAILOR made suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, ivies:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence^
1021 Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
.A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.: see testimonials at office.
I PILES.
NEARLY 100O permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over GO names of prominent business men
pent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physldac, box 1950 Call
office. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
ALL Genuine Bargains In This List.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 657 Market at.
$13CO— Eight-room house on Union st.
$1500— Five-room cottage near Buchanan st.
S1SC0 — 7-room house on Broadway; a snap.
$22C0— Three flats near Mason and Sutter
sts.; rents $21.
$2300— Store and four rear llvins-rooma on
I Mission st. .
I $2400 — Five-room cottage, half a. block from
Ninth and Market sts.
$3500— Store, flat and house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission sts. .
I $3750— Two nice flats near Hyde and Califor-
; nia sts.; rents $37. ;
1 $8500 — Ashbury-st. residence of 10 rooms,
strictly modern: magnificent view.
$11,000— Choice flats near Golden Gate Park;
: rents $140: lot 50-foot front; third cash.
i $15,0CO— Eljht modern flats on corner near
; Larkin St.: all rented for $145.
; $18.300 — Grand Investment: modern lmprove-
1 rnents; lot 70-foot front; near Jones St.; rents
J170; all rented.
115,500— Near Stockton st.; one tenant: rent
$120; lot 35-foot front.
J1S.0OO — Howard St., near Fourth; modern
four-story buildins; safe business investment.
ADply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 637 Market st.
RARE DOWNTOWN CORNER INVEST-
MENT.
1 Block From Baldwin Hotel Site and Tivoll
Theater.
$72,000 refused 2 years ago for this property:
2 stores and 2 lodelns- houses :' 60 feet front-
age; will pay 6 per cent net on $75,000.
For further particulars apdy to
'- A. M. SPECK.
667 Market St.
CHEAP HOMES. ! "
« New Sunny Houses.
$300 Cash. Balance Monthly.
Only 20 minutes' ride from New City Hall.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath $2250
Lot 65 ft. front.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath $2500
Corner lot. 63x50.
House, 8 rooms and bath $2900
Corner lot, 40xS5.
Choice location. Market-st. extension, be-
tween 18th and 19th sts.
Particulars HOOKER & LENT
14 Post at.
REAL ESTATE— -COUXTRY — For Sale
FOR sale— Santa Clara. County; an estate con-
sisting of nearly 1000 acres, with the best
Improvements found anywhere on farms in
California and most beautifully located: th-
climate is unsurpassed and entirely free from
injurious frosts, where oranges and lemons
are grown Buccessfully; a large vineyard and
orchard are part of the property, and the
vlne3 being largely on roots resistant to
phylloxera they are safe from destruction by
this pest; the crcp now en vines and treea ts
variously estimated as worth from $40,000 to
tiO.000: the dwelling is large and modern,
with a 2?erfect sewer system. 3 baths, gas and
water; grounds are elaborate and appropriate
to the location: cellars of stone with 300.000
gallons of coot>era«re; possession will ba given
when the crop is harvested cr sooner by spe-
cial agreement: it is a gentleman's place and
at the same time an Investment that will pay
25 per cent on the price asked and will bear
the most searchms inveslgatlon. For par-
tlculars address the owner, box 4371. Call.
FOR SALE. T '
BARGAIN IN STrBTTRjBAN HOME.
Brand new artistic 2-story and basement
house of 8 rooms, porcelain bath, furnace, etc..
in Ross Valley, at San Anaelmo. with magni-
ficent view of Mount Tamalpais: only 5 min-
utes' walk from station: lot 100x221; price onlv
J3CC0. Apply to O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
Montgomery st.. or to station master at San
Anselmo. >>
A EARGAIN in land— Only $5 p«r acre. for 320
acres of Und in San Benito County, within
j 12 miles of Gonzales station ; one-Half is good
farming land, partly enclosed' and under cul-
tivation; the balance good pasture land, with
plenty of runnlns water; cabin, barn and
chlcken-hnuses. Apply C. S. CAPP & CO
Real E3tate Agents. 6S0 Market st. '*
18 ACRES. Alameda County, 20 miles from this
city; all level land; abundant water supply?
Al Improvements; near R. R. and town-'
price $4cC0, or might exchange for good Oak-
5n? d ~ p . r . operty of eo < ual value. H. H. CRANE
bus California, st-
$3000 MORTGAGE foreclosing-Rich farm,
worth $70CO; oil in sight; sell .for mortgag*
n£ wMAEJ 0 " - al ! ; * 2000 caa *****»-FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs ars dearer again, and
Cheese Is rising in tne wholesale markets.
: There Is little chan*» In Poultry and Meats.
Fruits and Vegetables remain about the
same.' Grapes and Melons are coming forward
slowly and are s!lll dear. Fine Peaches are
scarce and rood sound Pears and Plums are
none too plentiful. Berries are abundant and
cheap.
All kinds of Vegetables are la their usual
Sbod supply. ¦ .
Coal, per ton—
C^nfeJ * 012 OOISoutMald
Wellington.. • ©u CO Wellington $ mt 00
Seattle f CO® (Coos Bay.... —9 1 SO
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter, choice, sq.40@45 Raneo Eggs, per
T>o, good JO635 doaen I0©25
Cheese, Cal I2#is Honey Comb, per • .
Cheese. Eastern.. 17@20 pound 15(320
Cheese, Swiss *.20igi35 bo, extracted... 8@10
Common Eggs..l5©i7ii
l-'ooltry and Game— - . -¦ . J
Hens, each 50®65 Turkeys, per lb..K®20
Tounr Roosters, Ducks. eacb.......40®aO
«>ch .«3«eS5 Geese, each. .41 2S@1 30
•Old Roosters. ea..40<a50 Pigeons, pair 40@5O
Fryers, each 50&- Rabbits, pair 4*i^-
Brollers,.each:.."..30©50 Hare, each .—©30
Meats; per lb—
Bacon .............13®is Round Steak 10®—
Beef, choice 12®13 Sirloin Steak.. ..12%®—
rood 104»— Tenderloin do li€>—
Corned Beet 10(g>— Porterhouse «0..17}4S20
Ham ;...— Sl5 Smoked Beer 30@—
Lard .....; .—^15 Pork, salt ......10®12H
Mutton — ©12 Pork Choss 15®1S
LaniD IS®— Pork Sausages.. 12%@15
Pork, fresh is® — Veal 12® —
Fruits and Nut»— f
Alligator Pears, Logan Berries, X
per dox ...U®* per drawer .VXBK
Apricots, per lb.. *® 6 Nectarines 5® S
Almonds 15020 Nutmeg- Melons.
Apples 4® a each.. OO012H
Bananas, doa 15^25 Peaches, per lb... 3© <
Blackberries, dwr.25©30 Pears, lb...... 3010
Cantaloupes. ea...l5®30 Plums, lb.... l@ S
Crab Apples 4® 6 Pineapples, each.. 25^33
Currants, box 40®55 Raspberries. dwr.tO®40
Figs, per lb 10®12K Raisins, per lb... i@H
Grapes, per lb.... 10015 Strawberries, ©er
Oranges, doz SSO60 drawer ..........SS04O
Limes, ser doz...lO@l5 Walnuts, oer lb.. 15320
Lemons. do«......15@25 VTatermeloos, ea.JOSW
Vegetables— . .
Asparagus, per lb. C®10 Leeks, doa tmcoa.15020
Artichokes, doz... 23i05O Okra. rreen. lb...— QW
Beets, doz ..10©— Oreen Peppers, lb.ioea)
Beans. wh|t». lb. 60— Potatoes, jw lb.2H'd—
. Colored, tier lb. I®— Rhubarb, per lb.. 5® —
Dried Lima, lb.. 6® 8 Sweet Potatoes.lo t@—
Green Lima ....10@— Parsnips, cer dx.WQ—
Cabbage, each.... (®— Radishes, da ¦ bchs.l5.B20
Cauliflowers, each l&— Sage, doz bncha..25®30
Celery, head 5®— String Beans, lb.. 4® 8
Cress, do* bnchs.lS@20 Summer Suuaah,
Cucumbers, doa.. .10^25 per lb 4Q 5
Egg Plant, lb... S®12H Sprouts, per lb...—®—
Green Peas. lb.... S® 5 Fplnach. per lb... 8® —
Oreen Corn. - doz..l5®25 Thyme, doa bchs.2!if 30
Lettuce, per dox..l5®20 Turnips, per dox..I0®—
Onions, per lb.... 1@ 3 Tomatoes, per lb. B@ S
Fish— . '
Baracuda ; .12%®— Striped Bass....lfl®I3t4
Carp — ®— Sea Basa ;.. 15©—
Catfisa ............10®— Smelts 15<9—
Codfish ........12315 Soles ..—...10©—
Flounders S-®1O Skates, each. SglO
Halibut 8®13% Squid
Herring .— @— Tomcod nicmin I®—
Mackerel ..........15® — Turbot ...... ......15®M
Do horse .......IS®— Trout ...20©25
Perch — @— "Whiteflsh .........100 —
Pomplno 75®— Clams, gallon..... E0® —
Rockflsh ..15®— Do, hardshell, lb S®10
Rock Cod - ........15®— Crabs, each. 15®2O<
Salmon, fresh, ....20625 Mussels, quart.... 5910
Do, smoked ....15@40 Oysters, Cal. 100..40®5O
Shrimps .— @— Do, Eastern, dz.25@4O
Shad t@ « .
riT.T. CAXJEJIDAB.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jacob and .Lina Heyman to Friederlkai Rlst,
lot on W line of Mateo street.- 25 S of Bemls,
S 25 by.W 112, block 5. Mission. and Thirtieth
Streets Homestead; J10. .' •. " :C- ; ,;
• Odd -Fellows' .Cemetery Association to Au
gusta Poppe, lot in .q&& Fellows' , Cemetery ;
$135.: . ;¦ .¦.-¦ -',-. \ '¦ '- '¦ '¦ :--¦¦• '¦¦:
¦Augusta' Poppe to 'Elizabeth and Martha'H.
Poppe and- Annie C. Ingles,' same; $5. ; , r
-Mary S.-Sperry to Frank Teichmann, lot on
E line- ot- Franklin* street. ?55 S of Vallejo, *6
&; by -E. 92:10%'; $10.: '¦ ' ,-' •'.• - ¦ ¦"
Wilhelmlna Petrowsky to Frederick B. and
Anna C. Bottger, lot on N line of Elliott park,
396 -W of Stelner street, AV 22 by N.70 (Hamil
ton square); $10. . : . -¦--¦'.¦' . '
- Amy c; I Gourhaud (Glllig) (Ashe) to Peter
Dean Company (a corporation), lot on SW cor
ner of . Fourteenth and Valencia streets, S 130
by.W 100; $10. ' ." = *•'. ":" -\ -¦-.- ¦,
Alexander P. Cooper to Agnes McKenzle (wife
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R E Cranston, Folsom
T H Borland, Gr Vally
Mrs B F Clark. N Y :
Miss M Clark, NY
Mrs J A Winters, Chgo
Miss S G Winters, St
John
0 L Frankfurt, Chgo
C Wetherbee. Oklahom
J Kent, Stanford
J W Bayley. N Y
W H Keister, Ohio
C H Colfe, Palo Alto
W L Norrls, S Matec
C H Gilman. Boston^
E H'Gllman, Maine
F W Tulln, Iowa
W H Blsbell, Iowa'
Mrs Cutter, Mass
Miss Bickford, Boston
R V Sheehy, Merced '
L Macpherson, NY
Mrs J M Carpenter, Mo
Mrs M C White; -Mo
Mrs J R Laughlln, Mo
T W White, St Louis -
W Oakey, Virginia
T J Hirsh, Virginia
S Lane, Kan City ~
A B Camp. Boston
E B Byrne, Washprton
Miss Byrne, "Washgton
W F White, Virginia
J Tanner, Bakersfield
Miss Chantman, Cal .
Miss Arandt, Cal •
\V O Blaslnpame. Cal
J Sheehan. Texas
Mrs J C Lunt, 'Mass
H Lunt. Mass
J P Junk. Chgo
Dr Morris, Redding
J N Gregs. R. Blurt; -
C M Martin, Bkrsfield
Dr O GRoss & w. Cal
Dr F Maher, Watsnvil
M B Cooper, Sacto j
W J' Stevens,' L Ans
R E Thomas,' Sacto
A A Underwood,' N J
A H -Morton, Beckwith
CT TV Stahl. Des Moines
G Berg, Panoche .
T M Hawley, Mrysville
J F Sheehan Jr. L Ang
F Mattison, S Cruz
F E .Vickers. • Beverly
F3 O Sayle, Maine
J Doster, Danville, Fa
Huntington, Cal
F«B White. Colo Spgs
Mrs F P White. Colo
Mrs W G Hammond &
daughter. Stf Louis
W B Newlon," Colorado
M Trubbod. Cal
E Pickett. Monte Vista
J. O BlshofT. Cal
A Drake, N T
C E Sil, NY .
D C Montgomery, Neb
Mrs W F Norrls, Neb ¦
Miss E Norrls. Neb
H ¦ G G Schmidt & w.
Elgin, 111
¦T Parsons. Lcs Ang
Mrs MA Kearns, Hud
son ' . . • *
Mrs Pennlngton. Cal
J A Bunting, Bkrsfield
Dr & Mrs ;H Hayes,
Washington, D C
T'H Roberts, Kansas
Mrs A Roberts, Kan .
Mabel Roberts. Kansas
Mrs W B Clarkson,
West Virginia .
T M Ramsdell, Kansas
C AV Cook, Los Ang
Dr J J Hogan & w, Cal
Vtiss R Harrington, Cai
!j W Madge. Cal
,C B JUlson, Napa .
iDr J H Charter, Ind
1 3 P Waring, Kan City
'R V.Sheehy,- Merced.
PALACE HOTEL.
J Soloman, Chicago
Mrs J Long, Kan City
Miss S Barclay, Pa
M Barclay, Pa :
Dr H D Jamson. Pa ,
H Strohmeyer, Cal
J Heurturrut, Cal
G M Craig & w, Port
Arthur
G N Jacobl, Pa
Mrs . Post, Pasadena «•
AV E Bartholomew, NJ
F P Mills, Cal
G Miller.' Cleveland ¦
Dr M.Hltt, L Ang
M Trump &-w,'Phlla
Mrs Richards, Phlla "
Mrs Drouillard, Paris
Mrs G Gow, Cal j
MAdler & w, China ¦
Mrs Wm Kohl & d,
San ' Mateo ¦ ¦ . I
C .F Kohl, - S Mateo
J C Scott. Canton . '
f? Wels.- New Orleans,
C J Barnes. Denver
A L Robblns, Chicago
Dr Paul Cohn & w.
Vienna •
C W Coo & w. Rancho
San Felipe
Erince C Ponlatowskl.'
Burllngame
W M Goodman. NT
Miss S B Collins; N T
J A Domer, NY
T L Domer, NY
E Domer, NY
A Domer, NT
Gen MI Ludlngham &
w. .Washington
H F Belmont, Denver
Mrs AM Gall. -Jackson
E J Day. Chicago - '
CM Clarke. Iowa
A V Watts, -Ottowa
E H Gallaher, Del 10
F Mujrdan.S Salvador
Miss E Baker, N Y
Mrs H L Elkins Jr &
c. Phlia
C Selbel & w, • S Rosa
F A Kemp. Mass.
J MBuckly/ N Y: ,
W H Flsk, Chicago
NEW WESTERN.HOTEL.
A E Huntington, Minn.
O L Huntington, Minn
A W Moulton. Chicago
B N Cernell. Minnpolls
Mlsa H H Parrelle, Mo
Miss L M Hellgelt. Mo
Miss E Mills, St Louis
Misa B MV Lanplin. Mo
W S- Kelly, Ferndale
Miss Kelly, Ferndale
Miss D , D •¦ Pierce, Cal
E A Tyrnell, Ferndale
F.Ansley, Spokane ¦
C N Houston, Spokane
J B Gray & w. Nebr
C i F Rogers, • Monterey
J .W.; Evans, Monterey
R Poulsen, Watsonville
Ni Eohen, Cal I
Mrs J lone, Phlladel
Mrs A Henry. Phlladel
W Lonrotte, Cal ' , ;
*22 60, and Spring Valley Water lower, at $84®
STOCK ANI> BOND EXCHAUQE.
•:..>.. FRIDAT, July B-a p. m. •
UNITED STATES BONDS. > -
Bid.ABk.1 ¦ Btd-AaJc
4s quar coup..ll2%113»4 4a V o (new).13S«133V4
4s quar re»-....ll2%ll3Vil Js quar coup..l08%109^i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5a.lO5&10ft& Oceanic S3 6«.10t — ¦ •
Cal-et fis.. 115V4 — Omnibus R U.1ZI —
C C Water 5s. .107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133ii Pk & C H «s,.10« — ;
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll7^— Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st 6sT..'. —^— Powll-rt R' «a.l20 — ;
H C & S 6%s.lO6tf Sao B O R 68. —X —
Do 68 ~ lOV.i 8 F & SJV Es.120 1214
Los Ang R Ee.115 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 103 8 P of A 6»
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 111U —
Do gntd 6a.. 103 — (1910) — U2',i
Ij A & Pao 6B.100H ->- S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m Ss.102% — (1905), S«r A. 108 1CS»4
Markt-st C 68.125£ — (1805), Ser B.lOStt —
Do l.c m 68.123 — ¦ (1906) .109% —
Nev C N G 78.105 114, ; (1912) 1W 12J '
Nor R C41 68.113 — S P of Cal l«t
Do 6s ..119 — " cp gntd % 6s.lO7 — .
Nor Pao C 6s. 100' 4 — 8 P Br Cal tu. 1JS94 —
B» 6s •. -.105% — S V Water U. — 114»1
Nor R Cal 6s. .110 113 Do 4a — 1Q3!4
Oak Gas Es....ll2<4 — Do 4s 3d m..l01 —
Do Trans 6s.lU%ii7H Stktn Gas «•.. — —
Do Water 6s. 102&103,
WATTCR STOCKS. ¦ .
Contrai Costa.. 84 85 i Bprlnt: Valley. 84 . —
Marln County. 50 '¦ — J . • -¦ - .\
OAS AND KUECTRIC. /
Cent Ij & P... ZVi. — Pacific Llsht.. 47U 4$4
Equitable ..X. 4% 6 Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4H 5«1 S F O t E.... 43PA 44
Oakland 50% — Ban Francisco. 4<4 *%
Pac Gas Imp. — — Stktn G & £3.. S —
.- - • INSURANCE!.
Flrem'a Fund.24S — |*
BANKS. y
Anglo-Cal .... 77H — . L & p-fA......15O 180
California 408%410 Mer ~sA (lia).. 1« — /
Cal Safe Dep..lO8 — S F Nktlonal.l2t»4 —
First Natlonl..305 —
SAVINGS BANES.
German ..'—1925 Sav 6 Loan..: — -— !
Humboldt ..... — ¦— Security 275 —
Mutual.. 50 — Union Trust.. M00 —
Ban Francisco. 515 —
STREET RAILROADS. .
California .....130 134 O 8 L & H.... 40 . — .
Geary. — 40 Presidio 20 - 88
Market ........ 73% 74H
POWDER. .
Giant 75 . 77 v/Vlgorlt ..^.... S PA
,, SUGAR.
Hana .......... 6H 6% Kilauea ..17 18
Hawaiian — 52% Makaweli 84^ —
Honokaa .. 18H 18% Onome* I 21% —
Hutchlnson ... 17% — Paauhau • 22% —
. MISCELLANEOUS. - - :
Alaska Pack..l31T4134 Oceanic S Co.. 60 E3
Car Fruit Can. 96 97% Pac Aux F A. . 3 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99^101 Pac C Borax. .165 — !
Merchnts'.Ex..llO — Par Paint .18 —
Morning Session. ; ,
Board— . , -. . ;
50 Honokaa S Co 18 00
125 Honokaa S Co 17 75
100 Honokaa S Co 17 87%
115 Hutchlnson S P Co 17 2S
10 Hutchlnson S P Co ...w 17 87ft
$2000 Oakland Transit Co. 6 per cent.... 117 00
50 Paauhau 8 P Co 23 50
330 Paauhau S P Co 22 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 21 78
100 S F Gaslight 4 25
250 S F Gas & Electric Co... 43.50
Street—
105 Hutchlnson S P Co 17 60
Afternoon Session.- -
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn ..132 00
BO Honokaa Co 18 00 -
10 Honokaa Co • 18 25
130 Honokaa Co- I8 60
lWKHutchlnson S P Co 17 50
. 10 Market Street Railway 74 00
100 Mutual Electric Light v. 5 00
'105 Paauhau S P Co 23 50
20 Spring Valley Water 84 00
•. 10 Spring Valley Water ...: 84 25
PRODUCERS : Oil. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — ¦ '
500 Caribou ....'. 80
100 Junction .............:...... 09
1150 Junction .;- - 10
• 100 McKittrick V....^. ............... ¦- ' «1
300 Monarch of Arizona ..~.'... .......... 28 ;.
100 Occidental of W Va... ................ 43
5 Peerless ..: '• .•••• 5 00
10O San Joaquln Oil & Dev 8 00
100 Sterling • , 1 *7%
100 Sterling, b 60 185
Afternoon Session. . . .'.
Board—
100 Home 2 10
30 Junction t .... 10
'.'30 Kern » 5 60
100 Lion 09
10O Lion .' .- 10
100 Monarch of Arizona .., 23
20 Peerless •. 4 95
10 Peerless .:.. ' 4 90
1200 Petroleum Center 04
1000 Petroleum Center, s 90 04
5a San Joaquln Oil & Dev...'. '. 8 00 . .;
100 Sterling-. ':.'.'.-.! 27& j
200 Twenty-Eight ~... ....'. ™...:.i v 1.15-_. :
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.-*
Morning S«s"sion. : . ..
Board—
50 Kern River ".... 9 CO
100O Lion : •'... 11
100 Peerless 5 00
1C0 Sterling «•*"• f^H
Afternoon Session. -'
" Beard- -
500 Junction •"••• V>
50 Kern Oil 5 25
12C0 Lion 11
450 Occidental of W Va 60
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: . . •¦¦
j Morning Session.
I 100 Best & Belcher 13 500 Gould & Curry 12
' 50 Challenge 22 500 Hale & Norc... 19
SCO Con Cal & Va..l 90 400 Mexican 16
100 Confidence 76 2C0 Mexican 15
250 Confidence 77 200 Overman 16
150 Confidence ..... 78 1000 Savage ...".. 07
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher C9; 800 Hale & Norc... 20
400 Con Cal & Va..l 90 i 600 Mexican 15
_150 Confidence ! ...'80 2000 Savage 07
700 Gould & Curry 12 ; 600 Sierra Nevada. 16
The following were the sales In the "Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
500 Belcher) ." 09 200 Confidence 80
' 800 Best & 'Belcher 20 50 Confidence • 81
300 Best & Belcher 21 800 Mexican 15
3C0 Challenge Con. 21 350 Ophlr ..65
50 Con Cal & Va..l 95 SCO Ophlr. 66
250 Con Cal & V.I 92»4 300 Sierra Nevada. 16
4C0 Con Cal & Va..l 90 E00 Union Con 14
. ' , ' Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher ......:. 00 215 Confidence 88
200 Best & Belcher 20 2C0 Confidence 90
200 Challegne Con . 23 A00 Hale & Norc... 20
15 Con Cal & Va..2 00 3C0 Mexican .... 15
200 Con Cal & Va..l 90 100 Ophir 66
300 Con Cal & V.I 9?Vi 200 Savage 07
300 Con Cal"& Va..l 95 300 Sierra Nevada. ¦ 17
200 Confidence 84 500 Yellow Jacket.. 07
200 Confidence - S5 600 Yellow Jacket.. 08^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, July 12-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I . ' \ Bid. Ask."
Alpha 01 03iKentuck ... 01 03
Alta C4 C6!LadyWash 01 —
Andes C3 04 Mexican ;.....:. 18' 18'
Belcher 08 10 Occidental 03 04
Best & Belcher 20 21 Ophlr 63 70
Bullion — 03 Overman 15 17
Caledonia ...... 39 40 Potost 07 09
Challenge Con. 23 ' 24 Savage 07 08
Chollar 06 U7. Scorpion ....... — 04
Confidence 88 — iSeg Belcher — — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 90 1 ?5 Sierra Nevada. 17 18
Con Imperial... — . C2 Silver Hill ..... 25 27
Con New York. 01 02 St Louis 06 —
Crown Point... 08 09 Standard '..t 70 —
Eureka Con.... C6 — iSyndlcate 03 . * C7
Exchequer ..... — 62 Union Con ..... 14 15
Gould & Curry 12 13 Utah 02 04
Hale & Norc... 23 24 Yellow Jacket..' 07 03
Justice -.. 61 021
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
rCAXX BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
w., WASHINGTON, July 12.'— Retaliation
by Japan for the high tariff imposed upon
Japanese Imports into this country is be
ing urged upon the Toklo Government by
its commercial men. In an official report
to the State Department Consul L»yon-at
Hlpgo reports that the Kioto Chamber of
Commerce has passed a resolution peti
tioning the Government to raise the duties
on kerosene oil from the United States
and Russia. - '
"It Is declared," the Consul says, "that
the step should be taken as a retaliatory
measure against the nigh import duty Im
posed on Japanese merchandise In ¦ the
United States and the Asiatic provinces
of Kussla, and at the same time to protect
the oil business now fast developing- In
this country. This is Indeed a serious
question aftecting Japan's foreign trade,
and whether the Government will favor
ably entertain the proposal ! may be
watched wltn considerable interest."
The oil trade of the United States with
Japan is large, the value of oils imported
into the Pacific Islands from the United
States for eleven months ending with, last
May- being estimated by the Bureau of
Statistics at $4,384,311. An increase, of duty
would consequently be serious.
Japanese officials In this city are not
aware of any Intention on the- part- of
Japan to put In force a policy of retalia
tion against the United States, * though
they confirm Lyon's report of the feeling
existing among exporters of their coun
try. Minister Kogoro Takahlra, who Is
known to be most friendly to the United
States, .will certainly endeavor to prevent
any friction arising in the commercial re
lations of the two governments. It is pos
sible that in case of the ratification of the
French . reciprocity « treaty next winter
Japan will be Willing to negotiate a re
ciprocity treaty with this Government.
of Frank), undivided % of lot on S line of
Twenty-seventh street, US E of Church, E 30,
S 65, S\V 50. N 114; $10.
Peter and Mary McDevltt to Mary McDevltt.
lot on N line of Twenty-third street. 105 W of
Noe. W 25 by N 1H; gift. . - . i
Anna A, O'Connell (wife of Frank) to A.
Aronson, lot on S line of Geary Street, 137:6
W of Stockton, W 55 by S 137:6; $10. . -
James S. Hamilton to George Colder, lot on
E corner of Harrison and Third streets, NE 67 :S
by SE 20; also lot on SB line of Bryant street,
241 SW of Second, SVV#25 by SE 80; $10.
Joseph G., Mary E., Robert A. and Mai G.
Morrlssey, to . Frederika E. Krueger, lot on SE j
line of "Harrison street. 225 S\v" of Sixth, SW 25
by SE 75; $10. ¦ ' - ' -
Thomas Lynch to Annie Lynch, lot on \V
corner of Boyd and Chesley streets, NW 20 by
SW 60; $10. ¦
Real Estate and Development Company to
Mary O'Connor, lot on SE corner of Texas and'
Eighteenth (Solano) streets. ' E 100 by S 20;
grant. i -
Henry Classen Jr. to Southern Pacific Com
pany, lot on-NW corner of Army and Mississ
ippi streets, N 100 by W 100; $10.
John an/i. Agatha Schelbert to Anna W. Dop,
lot on W line of Madrid street. 150 N of Brazil
avenue, N 25 by W 100, block 29, Excelsior
Homestead; $10. - • ;
Christina Johanson to John Johanson, lot on
E corner of Brazil and Athens streets, NE 100
by SE 100, block 72, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Gecrg-e and Mary Resing to R. C. de Boom,
lot 4. block 10, De Boom Tract; $10.
Jones, Allen '& Co. to Frederick W. Bridge,
lots 20 and 21. block 68, Silver Heights; $10.
John Me Adams to Jane McAdams, lot pn NE
line of Nineteenth avenue, 75 NW of L street,
NW 75 by NE 100. block S67, South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; also
all interest In estate of George J. McAdams, -de-
Ceased; gift. \ • '¦ - ¦ • • ¦ ¦'
. Oliver McAdams to Jane McAdams (wife of
John), same as first description as above; gift.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Henry
Hahn and Frederick Helweg, lot In Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery ; $245.
Builders' Contracts.
George ; P. Tallant (owner) with Cook- &
Young- (contractors), architect — '¦ — . Carpenter,
concrete, brick, plumbing, electrical; tin and
Iron work, • plastering, galvanized Iron, exca
vating-and glazing for a three-story frame
building with basement and attic (3 flats) on
E line of< Devisadero street, 56:6 N of Wash
ington, E 110 by N 46:21i. Western Addition
block 464; $11,909. .
Candldo Rlghettl (owner) with Frank Boer
ner (contractor), architects E. Deplerre and
P Righetti— All work for a frame cottage on
W line of Walnut street, 77:6 S of Clay, W
112:6 by S 25; $2050.
Sophie A. Beckedorff (owner) with J. S.
Stratton (contractor), architect Julius E.
KralTt— Raising and underpinning for a four
story frame building on NW corner of Sixth
and Folsom streets; $1790.- ' . ' . ;
Mary E. McMahon (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), architects Denke Brothers — All
work for a three-story frame building (3 flats)
on E line of Capp street, 57 S of Nineteenth. S
25 by E 97:6; $62S4.
James L. Flood (owner) with City Street Im
provem2nt Company (contractors), j architect
Albert Pissis — Bulkheadinjr. pumping-, grading-,
trenching, refilling and paving for a building:
on NE corner of Powell and Eddy streets, E
22:8%. NE 1SS:6%. NW 62:8%. N 114:11%, W
137:10, S 275;. $11,515. . , .- . : . - .
Consul at" Hiogo Informs
State Officials of Dis
content.
Demand for Retaliatory
Action Against -
Uncle Sam.
JAPAN URGED
TO RAIS E D UTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SATURDAY, JULY 13, ,1901.
Continued From Page One.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
13
¦•!
M. T. W. T. F. 8.
~~J T 4 5 8
~T~T 10 11 13 13
IT IT IT 1> 13 20'
"a" TT "b" ( ,• w~ 27
Z|Z|Z|ZZJZ
Moon's Phases.
.
©
July 1.
Full Moon.
T
IT
"m"
,ff JulT I. v
«<- tAst Quarter.
o
July 13,
Kerr Moon.
T| • July 23.
JP First Quarter.
H
=r-I
JulT M.
JFutt_Mocn.
¦•!
M. T. W. T. F. 8.
~~J T 4 5 8
~T~T 10 11 13 13
IT IT IT 1> 13 20'
"a" TT "b" ( ,• w~ 27
Z|Z|Z|ZZJZ
Moon's Phases.
.
©
July 1.
Full Moon.
T
IT
"m"
,ff JulT I. v
«<- tAst Quarter.
o
July 13,
Kerr Moon.
T| • July 23.
JP First Quarter.
H
=r-I
JulT M.
JFutt_Mocn.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 ¦ ' . r ',. J Steamers » leave Broadway
•a .. .¦'.'•""¦ Wharf, San Francisco; ,. .
fflt^ ' For Alaskan ports— 11 a. 'm..
KK^IjSk. July 15. 20, 25, 30. August I.
Ra^VwSSBS^, Change -.to company's Bteam-
W?\. ESstSq er3 at Seattle.
J^sSS^Sl For "Victoria, Vancouver (B.
EhKbJ^^I C.). Port Townsend, Seattle,
f Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
*^ and New ¦Whatcom (Wash.)—
-7^* 11 a. m., July 15. 10., 23, JO,
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and, Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July rr; 1«. Zl. M.'3V Ang. 6. and every fifth
day thereafter. . '
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa_ An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.:
Steamer Corona. "Wednesdays. 9 a. m.. ':
SS Fos Los Angeles, calllnir" at Santa. Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon." Cayucos.' Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and CCooa Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay. Saturdays. 9 a. m. : Steamer Bo^
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Enaenada, Ma«?dalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Matatlan, AHnta. La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month. • ••/- •'
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chansr»
steamers.' sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKRT fFFICR — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteO. .
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Only JS-Ceaun«l&lT» Ii«n» *«»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino front Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, «!I rail or *teatns>iin nnJ nail, at
IiOXTEST 3FCjrVT:E:S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUD2 BESTB aal MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA......... ..~.
...Sails July 12. Xt. August 1. 11. a. »
SS. GEO. TV. ELDER
...Calls July 7. 17. 27. August J. 18. U
D.W. HITCH COCK.Gen.Agt-.l Montgom'y. S.K.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW 70*K.' SOUTHAMPTON. L0TS0S.. PARI2L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York "Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St Paul August 7 St. Louis. .September 4
St Louis August U Philadelphia -..geptu 11
Philadelphla..August 21 St. Paul Sept. IS-
8t. Paul August 28 St. Louis Sept 23
RED STAR LINE.
N'ew Yorlc and Antweru.-
From New' York 'Wednesdays at 12 nooo.
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..August 14
Southwark July Jl "Zeeland August !1
•Vaderland ,-Aurust 7 Frtesland August 28
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. ;
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
wUiCui Lint TO I An 1 1 U
S. S. ZEALANDIA. for Honolulu .
;.:. Saturday. July 20, tp.n.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
- Zealand and Aus — Thura.. Aug. 1, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
"....Tuesday, August 8, 10 a. m.
i. D.SPRECXELS k BROS. CO., General Agar.ts. 327 Hariri St
Qsa'l Pasengsr OSes, 643 Harkst St. risr Is. 7. PscSc :t
PANAMA i R, Sr
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST,
Cabin. $105; Steerage, $10. ,
S. S. Leelanaw aallsMoniiy, July 15
4». S. Argyll sails Mondnjr, AhJ». 12
S. S. Leelanaw «nil* Mon law. Aug. 26
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger of flee, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. • Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SLID AMERICANA OS VAPO3ES
To Valparaiso. stopx>mff i at - Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from liar- ,
rlson-st. wharf. 12' m.
AREQUIPA ....July 17IPERU August 7
ACONCAGUA ..July 2l|GUATEM ALA... Aug 22
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral »nd South American T passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California- street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
BAY AND EIVES, . STEAMEBS..
EiTTlAvTYARO AND VALLEJ1
Steamers GBN. FRKBIE or.MONTICELLO
8:45 a. m., '1:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p.m. Leaves
Vallejo T a: m.. 12:30 noon. ( p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. ' a.m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare W
tents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-:,
flea, pier 2. illsslon-it. dock. - HATCH BROS.
COMPAQNIS GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTHJUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^.
. Sailing- every Thursday. Instead of &$<£'?&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42,
North River, foot of Morton street; *,La Nor-
mandle." July 18: La Bretagne, July 25; La
Champagne. August 1. La Gascogne, August 8.
- First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, - $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building),. New
.York. J. F: FUGAZI & <X>.. Pacific Coast
Agents." S^Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets- sfld by all Railroad Ticket Agent.*.
•Twin Screw .-Express Steamers. ;. :
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Krannan streets, at 1 d. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with' steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. - - .
63. NIPPON MARU. ..Wednesday. July 17. l»l
SS. AMERICA MARU.. ..Saturday. Aug. 10 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
,, .......... ;...:.. Wednesday. September 4. im
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. 1 For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
. ,: W. H. AVERT. General Agent. .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
REAL.L.STATE— COnXTRT — for Sale j ROOMS TO LET— Forn. and Untarn.
BARGAIN— 50-ecre, farm near the town of ; OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay-window
Pleasanton, Alarneda County; all level land; j rooms and others; day, week or month.
house, barn, etc. : a good home place and very ; ' ._ -._ _ . .. ' :
<~~ .cheap; price $4000; easy terms If desired. H. I ° FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
!H. CRANE. 60S California st. j offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week, mo.
JXJULTKY and dairy ranches for sale; write for OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell-^Furnished front suite
free list. C. R, WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal. and single rooms, |3 week up; transient.
; ! PERRY. S9U. * blocks from Market, near Third
HUAL KSTJLTE TO CXCHAAGE. —Two nice rooms, furnished; private.
MILL EXCHANGE— For suburban property POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
around the bay or San Jose, one of the finest nlshed rms.. en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
corners on Eleventh St.. In Oakland. 50x100 • paqpimt u. — ,_, _„, — ~ZT, 1 _„ .___,.
rt. lot; 12-room house; value $8000. Want a R ? f S^? ALE - m EHIs— Pleasant sunny room*
cheaper property and cash balance. Box 4438. at very reasonable prices. ¦•
Cal1 - ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
<T fumi i T\irr<nTI.T»lfr<*TrfV lor; rooms, per ni^ht. S5c to Jl 60; week. $2 to
Al AMFllA AnVFRTlSFMFNTS »; month, » to t»: elevator on ground noor;
ALAiMLUA AUl lAYlloLMlAMj* rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
¦ SHERMAN Apartment House. 2s Eighth St.,
ALAMEDA IU2AL ESTATE. near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
iK^^OTTA^^rTTo^m^o^TlOS; GI^ SA House and "loon*. 410-412 JB™<adway-
t750-Cotta«e of 4 rooms; lot 25x100. Mos t elegantly furnished sunny rooms In lo-
$1C50-Cottape of 4 rooms; lot 25x107. cality; rents reasonable: Crst-class attention.
lUot^ot^e of S rSomi^ tot 1£1m SIXTH. 123%-Nlcely furnished sunny front
$2000— Cottage of 7 rooms; lot 88x74 cneap rent. ; ¦
$1900— 2-story house, 7 rooms; windmill, etc; • "
lot SOxlCO. STEVENSON 533%— Furnished rooms to let.
Modern 7, 8 and S room houses, from £3000 to ¦ '¦
$S0O0. TAYLOR. 106— Sunny rooms, Jl 25 a week up;
Furnished and unfurnished bouses for rent. transient. 25c and 50c per day. •'
BrS^AmertVa^^ 1 OR 2 unfurnished rooms $3 50 (Tehama St.).
panies. CHARLES ADAMS & CO., Inquire SI Fourth St.. spectacle stand.
. Bay Station. Alameda, VALENCIA. 1171— Furnished large front rooms,
CHOICE BARGAINS in Unimproved Lots. suitable for doctor or dentist; references.
$600— Lot 25x150; near Morton-et. station. vav vp-co . v «» 1407— Nie'elv furnished sunny
«l?i^ LOt D0 *" 0: ° n Broadway ' near *«*-»• V £L.; E !Lrd e optloAal^rel y s on U a r b n ie: '""*
$1000— Lot £0x120; near Morton-at- station. VAN NESS ave.. 1409— Three nicely furnished
$1000— Lot 50x150; Pacific ave.. near Wlllow-st. rooms- rent cheap,
etation. . — —
$1100— Lot 50xlTO; Buena Vista ave and "Wai- VAN NESS ave.. 1612— Elegant sunny alcove;
not st. also room, newly furnished: private family.
¦tat'^ 0 "'" Z<3Xlt ° : EVere " "*•• nCar Park " Bt * CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription,
51500-lLot 50x132: near Grand 5t. and Cen- i received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
tral a vs. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.. ¦ ¦
Bay Station. AUmeda. | ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BFRKFI FY IDYFRHSFMFNTS
inA\l\lAAjl Alii 1AV I ULMIAM J UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
— i Oakland; unsurpassed family tab 1 *. 25c per
nPRKFI FV iipii L<ij T i T p meal; $4 per week; everv accommodation and
~^~i^!^^3jLJ!!™^L^T*^][~^^. attention. HO314 Broadway, con. Twelfth St.,
NEW 7-room, 2-story colonial house; large third flat. Oakland.
r«i^hi,M> a 1. m n^ tel ; el^rfcfis" 1 "*; porce- ALMO ra, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
IS • f £ »*«ndry tuba; all tine open plumb- new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
i? 8 ;. Vf U i°. ? n w e; °. nly ;.."S. !au^ es to R - b »e board; unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
R. station; let 40x100; price. $2400. For terms . .
call on J. R. PERKINS, Larln Etation, , THE Victor. 1006 Pine— New management; thor-
Berkeley. oughly renovated: sunny suites with board.
CALL and see the 2 new S-room eottaees I i VAN NESS.. 1407— Nicely furnished sunny
am building: hl£:h basement; mantel: all the j rooms; cood table; $25 to $30 per month.
lategt uJurr.bin; well, tank and windmill; — , . .
10 minutes to R. R. station; price only $1400; 1 HOTEL Repelier, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
Jion cMft: balance on easy payments. J. R. j excellent table; special rates to tourists.
PERKINS. Lor!n station. Berkeley. j p , Nn ( - oM Kalston hO me)-Elegantly fur-
FIN'E. new. up-to-date S-room. 2-rtory colonial I nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
house, ncrcelain bath, electric fixtures, man- THE HEATH . S12 Eddy-Nicely furnisSpd sunny
• : » Jj«. , c °nvwiient home for somebody; front rooms, en suite, single; excellentVulslne.
price $5..0u fnr ea*h. or will exchange for : . Z—l \
country «-, r San Francisoo property. J- R- THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine ' sunny
PERKINS. L-rin station. Berkeley, formerly j roorrs. sinele and en suite: beautiful grounds.
Oellertch f- Perkins. , ¦
1 '| ROO3IS AXD BOARD WANTED..
HAlll \\) iflYFHTNKMFXTS wXNTTD^B^2~y^g^a^eZ~r^m^*d^bc7rd
V.fliVli;\.V AH I I-H I 1.>J..»I J..:\ l.\ in private family: convenient to business dls-
trict. Bos 43S2. Call. , -
OFFJCh-illS BkuADWAY. r^o^s wanted"
fKOO-AX elepant modern Eastlake cottage con- ! or not. Bos 4470, Call office.
taining t larce rooms, porcelain bath, open ! ' —
p!umbir.p. high l.asement, cement laundry 1 SPECIAL NOTICES.
tubs, brick foundation, etc.. etc.; lot 40x123 ! ¦ ¦¦- ¦ — — ~
teet. with nioe, open lawn; fruit trees and ' THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives .
ptone walks in front and around the house; ; notice that the following orphans, half-
street wcrk complete; nice central location:; orphans and abandoned children, also found-
near to cars and train: house alone cost $2400 i lings, have been received in the' orphanage
to build; insured for J1500; title perfect; no j lrom December 31, 19C0, to June 30. 1901:
mortgage- fhailes Dragler, 7 yrs. 6 mos.; Henry Drag-
GEO. XV. ACSTIX & CO '.. ler, 5 yrs. 6 mos.; Antony Marino, a days; .
1008 Broadway, Oakland, i Mary 7 yrs., Margaretta 7 yrs. and Joseph
. — i Olsen 3 yrs.; Catherine Gibbons. 5 yrs. 1 mo. ; ,
f JI600— COZ\ medern EaFtlake cottace of 5) Catherine 9 yrs. 3 mos.. Anna- 7 yrs. and
I rooms, bath, hall, high basement, laundry.' Henry Mennors 3 yrs. 6 mos.; Virginia Klrby,
*>- brick foundation, double parlors, etc. (all in ( 5 yrs. 7 mos.: Rose 5 yrs and Lewis Pa3solot \
Rood condition): etreet work all dene; stone: 3 yrs. 6 m.s. ; Hanod.no Barlona, 3 yrs. 3
walks laid; one block off San Pablo ave.; | mos.; Leu is Drexil, 5 yrs. 3 mos.; Martin
handy to narrow-gauge station; sunny front-! Samuels. 3 yrs.; Ida Woldloff, 6 yrs.; Cliff
age: now well rented; bargain for a quick j Kunta, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Harry Rus*, a yrs.; Mary
cash sale, but terms can be arranged. 1 7 yrs. 1 mo. and Bernlce McClelland 5 yrs.
OEO. \V. AUSTIJC 4c- CO., i 10 mos.; George MeKann. a yrs. 7 mos.; Ada
¦ IOCS Broadway. Oakland. \ 7 yrs. 4 mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs.: John
«... „. .... , . . , — : —- i Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. and
i?~^£ ?' COI " for 5afcle house of . rooms;, Evalyn KeseJer 5 yrs. 10 mos.; Lucy 5 yrs.
lot Maria feet; nice location, with street work j io mos. and Ltzzie Giovanlna 4 yrs. 6 mos.:
complete end stone waiks Ia4d; garden, irutt ! Edith Dolar.d. i» yrs.: Magdallna 5 yrs. 11!
ar,d Fhade trees; npht close to Telegraph; mo s. and Fulton Vannici 4 yrs.: John d'Arsy. j
ave.: handy tj schools and churches: reduced 3 yre. .1 mo.; MIra 10 yrs.. Ernest S yrs..
tor a quick sale: easy terms can be arranged. Josie 9 yrs.. Eleanora 5 yrs. and Katherine
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., Glanetti 1 jr. 10 mos.: Mary Smith. 3 yrs. 6
< _ IPOS Broadway. Oakland. mos.; Gertrude 3 yrs. 7 mos. and Jchn Daley
*ir*-\v unvre ~ I 2 yrs. 11 mos.; Gertrude & yrs. 11 mos. and
-\£.« xiuflit.^. , iIary Su nivan 3 yrs.; Irene 10 yrs. 10 mos.
On Telegraph avenue and Raymond Doland 2 yrs. 11 mos.: Albert
Just Ccmrleted. g yrg 6 mos Gordon 1 yr. 6 mos., Kenth 4
« ,™~. »,^k „* i ™* E , ntir f lv 1 i°^ ern - yrs. 10 mos. and Constance Heanery & yrs. 8-
«t«w " i m/I , J7 : front an , d back | mos.; Katherine 4 yrs. and Edward Slatten
¦ ?vt,£L Okel -I jl2t « >d Plumbing; mantels, gas 3 yrs .. Enenor Edwards. 4 yrs. ; Olander Mur-
n r * I»»-n. cement w«:ics. etc: lot 31x100: ! re j.. 3 yrs.: Edward 3 11 mos., Lewis 2
all four of a different architecture yrg . and Dertna Kavanagh 5 yrs. 5 mos.:
— A. j. s»i^\iji.k, ¦ Klenore Brady, II yrs.; Iona 7 yrs. and Mary
Real 5 E «te. I Gladwln 3 yrs. 7 mos.; Mary 10 jts. 8 mos.,
it, Ninth ft.. Oakland. • j Frederick -3 yrs. 3 mos. and Bertha Louis 4
*^^^^^"*""" ] yrs. 10 mos. ; Dante Tarrabori. 6 yrs. 3 mos. :
OAHLAM) KI K.MTt It »¦: l-'Oft SAI.K. ( Katbenne Kaihl. 3 yrs. 1 mo.; Gertrude 5
-_ -„ '-*" -~~~~ , y rg _ io mcs. and Francis Kelley 2 yrs. 11
AN introduction to you from II. Schellhaas, the mos. ; Mariana Purdee. 5 jts. 10 mos.; John
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland j 6 yrs. 3 mos. and Catherine Matthews 4 yrs.
. ; i 1 tnos. ; Margarite Kaisar, 8 yrs. 10 mos.
MJOSM : Wm HOISEKEEPIXG. ! THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
CEDAR ave npar r , r tH Fv»«f arTrt Vi.o \Z. ' -> Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
C fu D nty t SS^^hed^u^e^^S^ ! $£ Ind £JV° ta° ? e be^nTeceived a? thTSy"
ning water; bath; reasonable, j «% o^H^^f JaSua^r 1, ?901? to
EDDY. 939-F2ocr of four nicely furnished I Julv •¦ 1301: Angelina Willet. 7 yrs.; Delia
hous^kecjiing rooms; private residence- fine Willet. 2 yrs. 10 mos.; Emma L. Henntger,
location ' 4 yrs. 3 mos. : Annie . Kenyon. 9 yrs. ; Rachel
¦ — « . Kenyon, € yrs.; Minnie Iverson,. 12 yrs. 10
FOLSOM, C47— Lower part of house, complete; mos.; James Farley. 7 yrs. 7 mos.: Raymond
piano. Francis, 6 yrs. 4 mos.: Herbert E. Francis,
r^Tn^~Tr7~^: ¦". , Z ~" s > ris - & njcs.; Martin Kvalvig. 11 yrs. 1 mo.;
GEARY 4CS— Three nicely furnished rocms; Albert Lake. 7 yrs. ; Harry Lake. 4 yrs. ; Clar-
rent ,-Q. once Stephenson. 7 yrs.: Charles F. Henniger.
rrABy r.....i.i ."¦ Z Z i — 2 rr 8 - 10 mos.; Thomas Semler, 12 yrs. a moe. ;
rooSJ' 1 .^h~^n fl l*r - arnished housekeeping H £ nry Hanson. 5 yrs.; Arthur Davis. 9 yrs.- 8
rooms; bath, en floor. mos.: George Kvalvig. 9 yrs. 3 xnos.; Herbert
J16; ALCOVE r,-om and adjoininc room: gas °- xe - < >'«• 6 mos -: George Elliot, 3 yrs.
stove: sink; bath; tel. 1911 Geary, -opp. park. 6 mos.
GOOD charTce^ Five best~rocm6~rent free~to THK Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
purchaser of furniture of ether part of 11- Home Society hereby gives notice that they
room house; 6 rooms now rented clear ex- have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
' penses; good hou^; fine location; price S3C0 Br >' *• 1801 . t0 June 30 - 1901. the following
Addrees »>ox BU c«" o'fice * named orphans and half orphans, boys and
— : glrlB: Lillian Wolf, aged 8 yrs. 2 mos.; Hat-
MOWARD. TCr.j;— Xicely furnished sunny bay tie W r olf. 13 yrs. 1 mo.; Arthur Woir. 6 yr».
window suite; kitchen: man and wife; others. 6 rnos.; Augusta Smith, 10 yrs. 10 mos.: Rosa
ti/-MX'-«r^ — -— — : BJaine, 4 yrs. 2 mca.; Max Shloker, 6 yrs.
HOW ARI>. 1609-Sunny back and front parlor $ n,os. : Isidor Shloker. 6 yrs. 9 mos.: Hen-
r.i^fly furnished; use of kitchen; gas; bath. rietta Shloker 4 yrs. 4 mos.: Alta Cohen. S
HYDE. <12-Sur,ny parlors & alcove FUite. un- £*• % mOtS -'' .f"^ F^^'- %iYS^ h\^,' L HI'
_furn.; basement floor Stable for boarders. l fS™^&£%£S&g?' A < JS!"-, '
MCALLISTER. MS-2 or 3 nicely furnished sun- Estella Miller. 11 yrs. 11 mos.: George J.
ny front room?; sink; range; bath; laundry. Miller, 10 yrs. 4 mos.: Rose Shapeero. 9 yrs.
— — — — — ¦ — $ mos.: Ellas Shap»ero, 7 yrs. 3 mos.; David
OAK. In — Two rooms furnished for bousekeep- Fhape«-ro. 5 yr*. 31 mos.; Ezra Shapeero, 3
ing: eli-o pingle roomy. yrn, io mw.: Abe Kamplnsky. 8 yrs. 1 mo.
P 9 LK ; i}^ 2 ~ 2 ? nd 3 room pu!t - R - completely NOTICE. Ishereby given that the Maria Kip
furnished frr housekeeping, tlo up; reference. Orphanage. £20 Lake St.. San Francisco, has
FECOND. 212-Furnfched rooms for housekeep- received the following orphan, and half or-
»n 8 ; other rooms; c.ean. re^ctab.e, rea.nbl^. SrtbTra^'I'l'Wr? 1 . 1 monlhsf^aul.ne'ol:
TURK, US— Furnished rooms, suitable for fen, 9 years 10 months; Florence E.' Reed, 7
housekeeping; single; transient. years 2 months: Sadie Chapman, 9 years 7
' ._— — — months: Lora E. Williams, 1 year 6 months:
TLRK. 2*0— .Newly furnished house; come Alice Monahan. 1 year 7 months; Grace Lavll-
qulck end pelect your rooms; very reasonable. i an . jo years S months: Julia Voss. 11 years 3
T g K al !^ y bo^fVS 8UUe ' E2g»i?£ lY 0 mon?hs y rGeLtr SSSS^I
uu. ai.o otners. poara II desired. yearg . XMtt M B1?noPf n years 11 tnonths;
TWELFTH. IZ1— 2 nicely furnished front house- Gladys W. Btehop. 9 years 4 months.
keeping rooms; select locality; private family. BAD tMlantB ejected ,„ „: collection, made:
VALENCIA. 1232— Furnished rooms, light «**y °r country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
housekeeping; gas; bath; alcove; sunny; yard; CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
, 1 MENTAL and nervous d)a;a.ses will be ac-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and ' cepted at hospital. 230 Douglass St.. S. F.
FUbacripticr.s has been established at 10S6 ' .„_ . „„„ ~ ; z Z
Valencia et. DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
¦ sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
• 5^^£J^lT^ SEWISCJIACHISESANDSUPPLIES.
AHLUOKN HOTEL. 221 Orant ave.— Best Jl a ' ' 1 'rr,~~ ' '~ ~~ ~ ~ M
day family hotel in city; polite attendance- ALL kinds bought, oold. rented, exchanged, re.
large rocms. 50c up: meals, 2ic; free coach. paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
A 7 BRUXS\VICK HOUSE. 1« Elxth-Rooms, STORAGE AXD WAUEHOUSES.
25c to Jl l>er night; f 1 2a to $3 per week, and -~~~~~~ .
!lght housekeeping rooms; open all night. PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
ARLINGTON House? 112 Kearny' E t.-PIeaEant. otace Poet and P ° We " Et8 " : tel " Maln 6713 "
sunny rooms. GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
BrRNETT. »« Market (old No. 1264)-Kur- elcn gt "' tcL H0Ward 9U " F ' W - ZEHFUSS.
nlshed rms.. gultes. tingle: also unfurnished. BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. •
furnished gunny rooru.^. prices reasonable. PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
1 ELLIS. O. corner Larkin^ay-wlndow. other P»ny. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
sunny rooms^.^ week or month. DIVIDEND NOTICES.'
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant eunny unfurnished rooms
to let. DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 23 (twenty-
- — five ccnt3 per ' share) of the Kilauea Sugar
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths; Plantation Company will be payable at the
transient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor. office of the company. 327 Market street, on
Hn _._ t ~ „ ,-.„_, _, ».__, -__.___ and after Monday. July 15. 1S01.', Transfer
HOTEL GrayMone. G6 Geary st. — New 6-story boolui will rinse on Tuepdav Julv 9 1901 t\t
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un- „ „ on w rhm nnw s»-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished Z ° clock p - m - E - H " SHELDON, Sec.
in the city: rteam heat; private baths; one DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93 (twenty
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331. cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
ij/yrri b T nP v,c /"•i,mr*>«n niani 24 Turk Plantation Company will be payable at the
et near^aVk^t'iJen'traT^ocTtiSlf- new^buUd- <>««*¦«« the company, 327 Market street, on
fnc- etLanHv fufnl»ned- etrictly n r rt-class : and after Saturday. July 20. 1901. Transfer
ing, elegantly lurnisneo. , eiricuy nrst-ciass, hmi™ «m-i>inu nn sa»nni«v Tuiv it ioni «?
We npr dav anil unnsrd- ciifr'al rates by tha DOOK8 will Close on caturaaj, JUiy It, UVl, at
week or month: best in the city: references. 12 o clock noon. ., E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
ana }a.ro. , ¦ cenU (42c) ghare on thft , gsued capitaj
HOWARD, 830-Bost',n House: rooms 10c. 15c. *tock* of the company has been de-
25c per night; hew management: transient. clared, payable at the office of the company,
— ! — : room 16, second floor. Mills building, .- San
KEARNT, 34. and 47 Post— Sunny furnished Francisco, on- July 15, 1901. Transfer -books
rooms and offices; rent reasonable. close July 5,' 1901, at 3 p. m. ¦ .
MARKET. 1016 (New Arlington) -Nicely fur- EDWARD McG ART, SecreUry.
nl&hed rooms, S2 a week up; 35c a day up. DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
-„ „„__" ._— z : of San Francisco. At a regular meeting, of
MARKET. 1723. nr. Valencia— Single room. tne board of directors of this bank, held July
suitable for gentleman, »1 per week. t< a dividend was declared for the half
MARTINET. 1101 Geary-Elegant .ultes. newly *«"¦ «5 ll *'I™ t at the I ? te a ,° t ' 7 F h er
furnished; private; bath; single room, W up. %£ "^i.^^.-J}?* bt^losea
OCTAVIA. 1259, cor. O'Farrell— Furnished front lrom the 7th to the 15th lnst. both daysin-
roox&a, single or en suite; rent reasonable. elusive. - GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. . i|
GREAT^bXrGAINsTwT TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main- 26S.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for %\ week
and have your work In ulght. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 48S5.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of intention to lease seawall lot No.
15 and portions of seawall lot No. 14 — Office of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco,
Cal., July 5, 1901: Sealed proposals or bide
will be received at this office at 2:30 o'clock
p-.— m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901, for leasing
all of the seawall lot No. 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. 14, described and
Inclosed by metes and bounds, as follow.-,,
vis.: Commencing at the Intersection of the
northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Broadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thence
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of East street one hundred (10U)
feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees SO min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (131.83 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point in the southerly line of Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo street with the easterly line of - Davis
street; "thence running along the easterly Una
of Davis street. two hundrd aod seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to -the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the Intersection
of the northerly line of Broadway with the
westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet); thence running
northerly at a right angle to the northerly
line of Broadway to the intersection with
westerly line of East street; thence running
southerly along the westerly line of East
street to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities in connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
said Board of State Harbor ommlssionera.
its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used arc to consist solely In, of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be made and executed and the loading, un-
loading, hauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon and the construction,
maintenance and operation of the usual fa- I
cillties therefor— the hauling and switching -of
such cars to, from and on said premises to be
done and performed only by the paid board,
its successor or successors, the lessee to pay
for such hauling and switching the regular
rates established for such service by or un-
der the authority of law or by said' board. Its
successor or successors; such payment to be
In addition to the rental to be paid for the
lease of such property. Said bid must state,
among other things, the purpose for which
eatd premtses will be used. A statement of
the bid will be embodied in the lease award-
ed, given and executed with a statement and
covenant that the property shall be used sole-
ly for such purpose. The board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids. Blank forms
on which bids may be made can be secured
from the secretary of this board at his office
In the building aforesaid, and the bidders are
requested to use the same. Said lease shall
contain proper terms and covenants to protect
the parties thereto. Said property will be
leased to the highest and best bidder.
PARIS KILBURN,
RUDOLPH HEROLD JR..
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
. LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
WM. D. ENGLISH. Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— Probate
—In the matter of the estat* of WILLIAM
H. AYERS. deceased. Notice for publication,
of time appointed, for probate of will, C. -<•:
_- P.. Sec. 1303. Notice Is hereby given, that
Tuesday, the sixteenth day of July, A. D.
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, and the
courtroom of Department No. 9 of said court,
at the New City Hall. In the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
proving the will of said WILLIAM H.
AYERS. deceased, and for hearing the ap-
plication of Katie Myers Ayers for the is-
Fuance to her of letters testamentary thereon
. (Seal.) WILLIAM A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Dated July 3, A. D. 1901.
HENRY C. McPIKE.
Attorney for Petitioner.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlase licenses were issued
yesterday:
George" H. Cross, 21, 119 Taylor street, and
Loretta Nev.-bert, IS. 318 Noe street.
Frederick E. Kesslinc, 22. San Jose, and
Alberta A. L. Kent. 21, city.
James T. Stoeker, 49, Berkeley, and Belle
A. Ellis, 33, 1913 Baker street.
Frederick J. Nemetz, 28, 904 Powell street,
and Emma, de V. Larrabee, 24, 904 Powell St.
. Walter B. -von Ottenfeld, 22. Petaluma, and
Kathe Carstensen, 22, Petaluma. :.-• .- .-
George Sack, 3S, 501 Waller street, and Agnes
Christensen, 32, Oakland.
Louis P. Flckert, 32. Bakersfield, and Marie
Dolherul. 28. 1276 Jackson street. • ¦ •
Lloyd E- Elwell. 22. Riverside, and Mae -L.
MacCoy, 22, Berkeley. •
BIRTHS -HARRISES- DEATHS.
Birth,* marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DEAN-In this city, July 7, 1901, to the wife
, of George O. Dean, a daughter.
KAHN-In this city. July 9, 1301, to the wife.
of Fred Kaiin. a son.
LAZARUS— In this city, July 11, 1901, to the
wife of Leon Lazarus, a daughter. -
TINDELL— In this city. July 12, 1901. to the
wife of Frank Ruffley Tlndell. a daughter. -
MARRIED. {£
BALLARD-IRWIN-In this city, July 9, 1801,
by .H. L. Joachlmsen, Justice of the Peace,
Francis M. Ballard and Elizabeth C. Irwin,
both of Belvedere. CaL
HAWKINS— QUINN— In this city, July 6. 1901,
by the Rev. Father Demrsjy, Albert L.
Hawkins of Vallejo and Lillian G. Qulnn
of San Francisco. ••
HIGGINS— WHITE- In this city, July 10. 1901. I
by the Rev. Father Hannigan, John F. Hig- !
gins and Minnie White, both of San Fran-
cisco.
McCLINTON— GLIDDEN— In this city, July 9.
1S01. by the Rev. E. F. DInsmore, Myron G.
McCHnton end Mary A. Oliriden, both of
San Francisco.
McKAY-GAERTNER-In this city," July 8.
1901. by the Rev. F. H. Jackson, William N.
McKay and Agnes M. Gaertner, both of San
Francisco. ! •
DIED. . ;¦:-. „
Brady, John Jones. Catharine J.
Cal la Khan, Felix Leibert, John G.
Chadwick. Mrs. J. McDonough, Anna.
Denahy. Beatrice L. Mclsaac, Angus
.Derichs, Hazel R. Michel, Babetta
Dingle, Jane Morris, Margarautte
Fairell. Joseph . Mucphy, Thomas F.
Getchell, James T. Murray, Kate
Harkness. Dr. H. W. Oswell, Michael
Hayes, Charles Sommer, Hiram E.
Hayes, Helen L. Sorenson, Nels
Hoey, Michael F. Stade, Ernest
. Hoey, William White. Henry H. '¦]
Howard. Fannie
BRADY— In this city, July' 11, 1901, John, be-
loved son of the late Richard and the Jate
Elizabeth A. Brady, and brother of Rich-
ard. Sam.' Edward and Mathew Brady, and
the late Matilda McKenna, a native of San
Francisco, . aged ' 21 yea,rs 5 . months and . 2
days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services, commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CALLAGHAN— In this city, July 12, 1901,
Felix, beloved husband of Mary C. Cal-
lachan, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
ajjed 70 years. : . •
[?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 207 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 12:30 e^elock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. • A- requiem
mafs will be celebrated Monday, July 15,
at 9 o'clock, at St. Patrick's Church for the"
repose of his soul. < Friends are invited to
attend. " " .
CHADWICK— In this city. July 12, 1901, Mrs.
Johanna Chadwick, beloved wife of Na-
thanlel G. Chadwick. sister of P. H. and Ed -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) „
DANIEL P. DONOVAN," Mgr..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEJR3.
20 Fifth st., . opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. . . »
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. v
TUNERAt, DIBECTORS AND. EHBALHEBS.
.--' Flnect Equipment at Moderate Rates.' ¦'
jambs McGinn,: v I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened"!
new, Funeral Parlors at 214" Eddy St., bet., I
Taylor and Jones.. Telephone South 578. ; I
Mt. Glivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County. '¦'.
OFFICE 916 -MARKET STREET.
. J. HENDERSON, Manager/
ward Fleming:, and mother of Mrs. E. F. Me-,
Chesr.ey and James P. and Frederick C.
Chadwick, a native of Melbourne, Australia,
aged 55 years. : - ..-¦ . •. ..'..¦ ,•
DENAHY- In this city, July 11, 1901, Beatrice
-Lillian, beloved -daughter- of James A. and
Maggie Denahy, and Bister of Hazel, Viola
and Mervyn Denahy. a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged '4 years 4 months -and 5 days. • .
\E7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this. day (Saturday), at 10
o'clock* from the residence of. the parents,
" 123 Lexington avenue. Interment Holy Croes
Cemetery. - 1 -
DEP.ICHS— In this city, July 02/ 1901. Ha«l
Ruth Dericfca,- beloved daughter of Mrs. Lou-
isa Or land, . a native of San Francisco, aged
11 years 1 month and 25 days. . . . .
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 1200 Larkln street, corner of
Bu»h. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ,
DINGLE— In this city, July 11, 1901, Jane, be-
loved wife of Richard Dingle, a native of
England, aired 62 years 4 months and 12 days.
' (ETFriends and acaualntances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S45 Florida street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. ¦.
FARRELL— July 12, 1901, at his residence, 223
Powell street. Joseph, beloved husband • of
Mary E. Farrell,-a native of Australia, aged
58 yours 2. months and 12 days.
V3ETCHELL— In this city, July 11, 1901, James
T., - beloved husband of the - late Mary F.
Getchell, father of James Ferdinand Getchell
and Annie M. Kerrlson, and stepfather of
the late Edward M. Walsh, a native of
Maine, aged C9 years.
(CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Valley Lodge
No. 30; A. O. U. W., are respectfully Invited
. to attend the funeral of our late brother,
James T.. Getchell.
" THOMAS H. LORD, Recorder, "
HARKNESS— In this city, July 10, 1901, Dr.
Harvey Wilson Harkness. a native of Pel-
ham, Mass., aged 80 years 1 month and 15
days. " •- - :
E7"Funeral services this day (Saturday),
at 11 o'clock, at' the chapel of Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. . '
HAYES— In this city, July 12. 1901, Charles,
dearly beloved son 'Of Charles and Delia
Hayes, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
• yeers 9 months and ¦ 6 daya. .
HAYES— In -this city, .July 11, 1901, - Helen
Lyon Hayes, daughter of Dr. Louisa M.
Hayes of Minneapolis, a native of Nebraska.
(Los Angeles and Minneapolis papers please
copy.) • • ¦¦ ¦.
HOEY— In this city, July 12. 1901, Michael F.,
beloved son of Ellen and the late Michael
' Hoey, and brother of Lizzie, Mamie, Wll-
: Ham and the late John Hoey, a native of San
Francisco: (Virginia City, Nev., papers
please copyj : . . -
&y Friends are respectfully Invited to 'at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 231 Clara
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
•services at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. '-..-'.-
IIOEYr-In this city, July 12, 1901, William
Hoey, a native of California, aged 39 years
2 months and 23 days.
HOWARD— In this city, July 11, 1901, Fannie,
belcved wife of Michael Howard, (grand-
mother of Edith Minor, stepmother of Na-
thaniel Howard, and cousin of Belle Beraud,
a native of Crittenden County, Kentucky,
aged 68 years 2 months and 19 days. A
member of Naomi Chapter No. 4, O. E. S.
(St. Louis and St. Joseph, Mo., papers
please copy.) - •-— . .
tD^Frlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sun&ay), at' 2 o'clock, from Bethel A. M. E.-
. Church., Powell street, between Jackson and
Pacific."' Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, July. 11, 1901, Catharine
J., wife of J. K. Jones, mother of Edward
K. Jones, and sister Qf Mrs. C. H. Huffman,
¦ Mrs. Charles J. Jones and A. R. Klrkland,
a native of Missouri, aged 48 years 7 months
' and 1 day. ¦ ... . • >\>- i
(CTFuneral services this -day (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at the residence of C. H. Huff-
man. 2100 Broadway. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. - . • v
LEIEERT— In this city, July 11, 1901, John G.,
beloved- husband of Mary E. Leibert,- and
father of John G., George B., Robert ,E. and
Emma Leibert, Mrs. F. . W. Butterfleld and
Mrs. W. P. Fennell, a native of German-
town, Pa., aged 70 years and 24 days, i
CyFrlenrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, Seventh and Market streets, where
services Will be conducted by Yerba Buena
Lodee No. 15, I. O. O. F. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the parlqrs of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 , Market •treet, between
Eighth and Ninth. ,
McDONOUGH— In this city. July 12, 1901,
Anna, wife cf the late Mathew McDonough.
and mother of Katie, Bessie, Lily, Maggie
and Hugh McDonouKh, "a native of Ireland,
ared 48 years. :¦ . •
Bir Friends and acctuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),- at 10 o'clock, from her son's resl-
dence. . 313V6 Langton street. . Interment St.
¦ Mary's: Cemetery,.' Oakland, by 11 ? o'clock
• croek route, boat.-. . -••... .-.."' -• '
McISAAC— In 'Oakland, July 11, -1901. Angus,
, beloved husband of Mary E. Mclsaac, and
father of William A., John L., Mary K. and
Jo&enh A. Mclsaac, Mrs. James W. O'Kane
" and "Mrs. H. 'V. McFadden, a native of Cape
,- Breton Islands, Nova Scotia, aged 74 years
.and 9 3 months: " i -'--' . , ¦
" JC7"Frlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
. July 15, at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in St. Mary's Cemetery, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
. pos>e of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
MICHEL— In this city, July 12, 1901. . Babetta
Mlchei, beloved mother of 'Mrs. J. Nicies and
. Max and David Michel, and sister of • S.
> Selig and Mrs. Carrie Newman, a native of
Bavaria, Germany, aged 77 years and 12
days. . ¦
MOKRIS— In this city, July 12, 1901, Margar-
autte Morris, beloved daueMer of James W.
Barnette of Lodi, Cal., a native of Sheridan,
Iowa, aged 29 years 6 months and 26 days.
MURPHY— In this city, July 11, 1901, Thomas
F., dearly 'beloved son of John and Bridget
Murphy, and brother of John J. and Agnes
Murphy, a native of Sam Francisco, ased 28
years 7 months and ?0 ~days.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday).- at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1824B "Howard street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo for ser-
vices, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PROSPERITY Lodge No. 309, A. O. U. Tv\—
Officers and members: You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late over-
-seer. Brother Thomas F. Murphy, from his
late residence. 1£24B Howard street, to-mor-
row (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock. By order of
. JAMFS A. CONNELLY, M. W.-
R. H. McPHEKSON, Recorder.
MURRAY— In Anaconda. - Mont., 'July 6, 1901,
Kate Murray, wife of the late William Mur-
¦ ray, a native of New York.
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
"be celebrated for the repose of her soul. -In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OSWELL— In this city,. July 11, 1901, Michael
Oswell, a native of- County Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 45 years 3 months and 26 days.
• (CTFriends and acquaintances .and members
of -the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral"
this day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock." from' the
funeral rartors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mis-
sion ttreet. between Fifth and' Sixth. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.- • • . !
SORENSON— In this city,. July 11, 1901, • Nels
Sorencon, beloved brother of John Sorenson
. of San Francisco and Mrs. Charles A. Prea-
" tori of Stockton, a native of Denmark, aged
63 years and 2 months.* A member of Court
Hubertus No. 15, F. of A. . ¦ • ; :
[CFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
413 Sutter street, where funeral services will
be held under the auspices of Court Hubertus
No. 15, F. of A. Remains at the funeral
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, . 12C9 Mission street; between
Eighth and Ninth. Cremation I. 0. O. F.
Cemetery. :¦':'¦
STADE— In this city. July 11. 1901, Ernest,
beloved son of Mary and the late John Stade,
and brother' of Minnie, Alma and Ella Stade,
a native of,. Nebraska, aged "27 years 6
months- and 1 day. - - ' .
fry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, '¦ 529 Grove street. Interment Cypres3
Lawn Cemeterv, by 11:33 o'clock tralnfrom
' Third and Townoend streets. .
SOMMER— In -this city.. July 12, 1901, Hiram
¦ j Emanuel, beloved son of A. M. and Hannah
Pommer, and brother of A. M. Jr. and I. J.
Sommer, Mrs. Sarah Horn, Mrs. M. Rogln-
sky, Mrs. W. L. Block and M. A. ZeH*. a
native of .I-tuFsla,' aged' 33 years and 9 "days.
WHITE— In Angels Camp, July 10, 1901, Henry
¦ H., beloved husband, of the late Martha M.
White, and father of George E. White and
the late Luella White, a native of Malone,
N. Y., .aged 60 years. ..-¦ '. . N
fCTFriends and' acaualntances are respect-
fully invited - to attend: the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from 22 Fell street.
Interment Laurel 1 Hill Cemetery.been bitten by one In her childhood. I'll
just telephone her and let her know. I
bought one and Intend sending it to her."
To think was to act with Belasco. He
dropped a piece • of wooden money into
the telephone box and secured his wife's
ear.
"Hello— Is that you, Julie? .Yes; well,
you . ought to see the dog I bought to
guard the house. It's a beaut from Mon
tana. *
"You don't want the nasty brute In the
house? Well, I do, and you know, who's
boss. Now, I want you to send to the
market and get a couple of tenderloin
steaks for him. The man who sold him
to me says he must be fed on boiled milk
every day; so go down town and buy a
cow— and say, you can also get the finest
collar in the market for him. Get a sil
ver one with a silver chain and a gold
ring to hold him by. I'll send him right
up. Don't forget to attend to these lit
tle matters. Good-by."
Mrs. Fred Belasco, better known to lo
cal theater goers as Juliet Crosby, await
ed the coming of the despised dog with
trepidation. She feared the animal would
tear the curtains and play havoc with the
sofa cushions, and she was planning how
to rid herself of It.
Sure enough a small boy •with a. big
basket presented himself at the door and
Six Months for Mrs. McCarthy.
Mrs. Johanna McCarthy, the "terror" of
Cortland avenat, was sentenced by Judge
Mogan yesterday to six months In the
County Jail on charges of carrying a con
cealed weapon and drunkenness. Ninety
six residents in the neighborhood had peti
tioned the Judge to sea that justice was
done to "their standing disgrace."
When tho barkeeper seta out Jesas Moors
"AX" he Elves the customer the beat In ths
house. . • • . .
Held for Bobbery.
. Vincent Mohr was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Conlan yes
terday on the charge of robbery In $3000
bonds. He was accused, along with four
other young men, of holding up and rob
bing Henry Morrisch on "Webb street early
Monday morning.,-
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Tubs and swimming. Best tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. Bay St.. near Powell. •
To-Day's News Letter.
This week's News Letter is an ' edition
just adapted for the needs of the summer,
both for town* and country. The Looker
On has always been a welcome Saturday
caller and the lingerer by the sad sea
waves will find his stories doubly enter
taining. This issue contains a critique of
the Henley regatta by a former member
of the Oxford University crew. He tells
what is the matter with the Yankee style
of handling the oars. Mrs. Chauncey.de
"Wit, Lady Algy and Robert McTavlsh
have each contributed their several de
partments, and each* is" as humorous; as
breezy and as readable as ever. The
Town Crier as usual has done the unex
pected. -
played telegraphy with the electric bell.
Mrs. Belasco opened the door and the
youngster said:
"I got a dawg fer yer, lady. A guy
¦what keeps der t'tiater; gave me a half
fer bringing him ter yer."
The boy then opened the basket and
when he spied the "fake," exclaimed:
"Hully gee, I taut he was a heavy
dawg." ; . . .
Mrs. , Belasco "accepted the joke and
quickly thought of a - way ¦ to • turn the
tables on her, husband. She put on her
hat and going, to a jewelry • store secured
a chain and collar as per instructions, di
recting the clerk to make the bill out
to Mr. Belasco. When the latter arrived
home he inquired about his purchase and
was calmly informed by his wife that she
had had the boy place the canine on the
back porch. She added that a neighbor's
dog had been barking at It for the past
hour in an effort to bring on a flght and
that complaints had been made by people
in other flats. .
Fred smiled broadly and walked out on
the veranda. Sure enough the chalk imi
tation was chained to the wall and a cost
ly collar adorned its thick neck. Tender
loin steaks and a bowl of milk were set
before it. but the lacteal fluid and the
tempting meat were untouched. Then it
slowly dawned upon Mr. Belasco that the
joke was. on him. He scratched his head
and the grin that suffused his face gave
way to a thoughtful expression. He sat
down to dinner and although his appetite
had fled, ate like a gourmand in order to
conceal his disgrust at. the outcome of his
joke. Beside his plate was a bill for $35
for the chain and collar. • ¦
That Is why Mr. Belasco does not care
to talk about canines and that is why
Mrs. Belasco has gone around with a
quiet smile on her pretty face. •
Moral: Do not play jokes with a dum
my dog for an assistant.
MONEYS FOR FOrES ABE
NOT DEPOSITED DAILY
Treasurer Brooks Says Police Court
Clerks Are Still Violating
the Charter.
City Treasurer Brooks complains that
the money collected for fines in the Police
Courts is not turned in daily, as the-char
ter provides. The money is turned over
by the various clerks of the Police Court
to th'e County Clerk, who then deposits it
in the city treasury. "Yesterday the sum.
of $1647 50 was ao deposited, this being the
first since June 27, when $75 was turned
in. Treasurer Brooks ascribes the delay
in making deposits to the congestion of
cash bail, which In some cases goes to pay
the fines of persons convicted in the Po
lice Courts. Brooks believes that unless
the law is complied with serious complica
tions wfll ensue, as was the case with J.
J. Sullivan, against whom certain irregu
larities were charged.
WELL-KNOWN THEATRICAL
MANAGER HAS "FUN" WITH
HIS WIFE.
The police have at last & clew to "Jack
the borer," the daring burglar -who has
been operating in the Western Addition
terrorizing the residents and stealing sil
verware valued at several thousand dol
lars. In addition to getting- an accurate
description of him. Captain Seymour and
his men have recovered a lot of silver
stolen by him from a house on Laguna
street. The valuable plate was discov
ered yesterday In a pawnshop on Clay
street, near Kearny, where It had been
sold by the crook for about a third its
value. As the pawnbroker has furnished
the police with an accurate description of
the fellow, they are confident o£ shortly
landing him behind prison bars.
The head of the detective department
Is satisfied that the bold burglar uses a
bicycle in carrying off his plunder. Only
a short time ago he got away with 106
pieces of silverware from a residence on
Jackson street, notwithstanding that a
large squad of policemen specially de
tailed to arrest him, was in the immediate
vicinity. After the trick was turned
several of the "vigilant" officers recol
lected that a well built young fellow rode
past them at a lively clip. Two sacks
hung- from the handle-bars of his wheeL
As the description given of the burglar
answers that of the bicyclist the. police
are satisfied that the sacks contained the
silverware stolen from the Jackson-street
residence.
Yesterday Captain Seymour, who Is act-
Ing as Chief of Police during the tempo
rary absence of Chief Sullivan, who Is on
his vacation, issued Instructions to the
men who have been looking for the.
"borer" not to take any chances with
him, as he fears that the man would not
hesitate to shoot In case he Is cornered
Detectives Hot After
Western Addition
Burglar.
STOLEN SILVER
IN A PAWNSHOP
As the first result of the Joint efforts of
the State Board of Barber Examiners and
the local Board of Health to improve the
sanitary conditions of barber shops and
the so-caMed barber colleges, W. H. v Dun
nagan, proprietor of the San Francisco
Barber College at 741A Howard street, an
nounced to the board yesterday his will
ingness to go out of the business.
"I can't stand the pressure," said Dun
nagan, ¦when he called at the' office of the
Commissioners. "It is too much for me.
I'll sell the whole caboodle for $50."
"If you attempt to run the same kind
of a place anywhere in this State we will
go alter you," said Examiner Fleming.
Dunnagan left and is now seeking a pur
chaser tor a, lot of ancient chairs, towels
and other paraphernalia used in the dis
semination of knowledge of the tonsorlal
art in his establishment. Shortly after his
•departure one of his female graduates ap
peared and presented a certificate sworn
to before a notary alleging that she had
been three years in the business. So con
tradictory were her statements that the
board demanded a list of all places in
which she had worked, and will not issue
a certificate to her unless she can gi\e
evidence of her ability.
The good work of the State Board of
Barber Examiners in closing up one of
the "colleges" is to be continued until all
are eliminated from the profession. In this
action they will have the assistance of the
State and local Boards of Health, which
are now considering the suggestions made
by the Barbers' Examining Board as to
the need of proper rules and regulations
to be applied to all places where barbering
is practiced. .
Last week a list of suggestions to form
the basis of an ordinance was presented
to President Williamson of the Board of
Health and has been under consideration
since. These suggestions were published
in full in The Call.
Some modifications and additions to the
proposed rules were suggested by Dr. Wil
liamson and his associates at a conference
held in his office yesterday with Examin
ers «-Calish and Fleming. These modifica
tions are mainly of a technical nature.
Consideration was given to the practice
of some barbers in continually using one
towel on the headrest of the chair. Dr.
Williamson said this was one of the most
potent cause of the dissemination of
cutaneous diseases and was a • practice
that should be immediately stopped.
Considerable tune was spent In exam
ining sterilizing appliances. A series of
visits -is to be made to various baxber
shops in the city with a view. of compar
ing results, so that by the next meeting
of the. Board of Health the matter may
be placed in shape for legal action. The
date of these visits and the places to be
visited will not be announced beforehand.
Dr. Williamson said that the agitation
for cleanliness and sanitary appliances
was already apparent.
"Mayor ' Phelan has transmitted me a
letter/' he said, "in which the barber who
wrote it complained against the restric
tion of using a towel only on one face. Ha
says it will- ruin his business.'! .
"As soon- as we get through the rush of
the registration and examination of bar
bers we intend to devote every spare mo
ment of our time to seeing that the rules,
when finally adopted, are carried into ef
fect." This was the final declaration of
President Callsh,' in which he was sup
ported by his associate members. -
In the meanwhile the Board of Health
is conducting a quiet inspection Into each
barber shop and a mass of data is being
accumulated by the inspectors. This will
be placed at the disposal of the State
Board of Barber Examiners for sugges
tion and comparison. '
The demand for certificates • still con
tinues and customers are now beginning
to look for the chair card and certificate
which each barber is now required to dis
play.
Application of Sanitary
Rules Causes Its
Downfall.
BARBER COLLEGE
FINALLY CLOSES
"We are continuing, our investigations
but have nothing for publication," was the
reply of Director of the Mint Roberts yes
terday evening when he was questioned
as to the developments in the recent rob
bery of $30,000 from the vaults of Uncle
Sam's money, making institution. Director
Roberts said that he had received a tele
gram, from .the Secretary- of the Treasury
announcing, that the books of the Treas
ury Department tallied on June 24 with
those of the Mint here.
"That settles all doubt," said Roberts,
"as to the possibility of a clerical error
being responsible for the missing money.'!
v Secret Service Agent Hazen and his as
sistants . are trying to | locate ' the woman
with whom Dimmick, the chief clerk 'of
the Mint, is supposed to have* been on
very friendly terms. . Superintendent
Leach denies that there is any woman in
the case, but Secret Service Agent Hazen
is working on lines independent from
those of the Mint officials.
The secret service officers are satisfied
that Dlmmick was very friendly with a
certain blonde widow, and are now en
deavoring to locate her. Dimmick refused
yesterday to make any statement in re
gard to the allegation that he was atten
tive to a gay widow, but repeated his fa
miliar answer, "I will talk when the time
.comes." . . •;»¦>¦
' The treasury officials "are determined
that the thief of the gold sacks shall not
escape punishment. In certain quarters
there seems a disposition to make good
the shortage and let the matter drop and
be forgotten. The Government, however,
will not be satisfied with such a plan.
Not only must the shortage be made good,
but the thieving employe of the Mint
must be brought to the -bar of justice.
The Investigating officers are not talk
ing for publication," and the fact that no
arrest has so far been made leads to cer
tain statements that the hunt for the rob
ber is to be abandoned. It is - known,
however, that Secret Service Agent Hazen
is in possession of valuable testimony and
that an arrest will surely follow the pres
ent investigation.
Expert Waltz has made a report to Di
rector Roberts as to the condition of the
locks on the gold vaults of the Mint.' They
alone know whether it is possible for the
vaults to be opened by a man partly fa
miliar with the combinations.
. The work of counting the gold coin in
the Mint Is progressing rapidly. Nearly
$5,000,000 was counted yesterday, . the in
spection proceeding at the rate of $15,000
a minute. No shortage was found in any
of the sacks inspected.
Superintendent Leach yesterday gave
orders that the doors of the Mint should
be closed promptly at 4 p. m.> Hitherto the
large doors have not been closed until the
last employe has left the building. Yester
day the big doors were shut at 4 p. m. and
the heavy chain ¦was attached on the in
side. Every time an employe desired ¦ to
leave the building the attendant was
obliged to take down the chain, unlock
and open the doors.
Books of the Mint Are Found
to Be Correct in All
Details.
Efforts Continue to Find
Clews to the Mint
? Thief! if
SECRET SERVICE
MEN TENACIOUS
Whose Trunk's ThatP
Probably ours, ; because we buy trunks,
dress suit cases and ¦ valises by : the '. car
load. It's the same .way with pocket
books, belts, billhooks, card cases, etc.—
high prices leave when they arrive. We
will letter free of ; charge your full name
in gold on all fine. leather goods, kodaks
and cameras Included. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. ; All up
to-date drug-gists sell and guarantee it. * .
visors agreed with his contention that the
assessment should be lowered so that the
tax rate would yield - the $196,000 agreed
upon when the water rates were fixed
all but Supervisor Stafford. He said that
the Supervisors made that agreement un
der the supposition that the ¦ water com
pany would accept rates yielding 5 per
cent, but I now. the company was In court
seeking to get returns of 7 per cent. The
reduction prayed for was granted. •.
Franchise Assessment Stands.
Alfred Sutro appeared for Wells, Fargo
& Co-t asking the cancellation of the fran
chise assessment of $750,000. He argued
that the express company, incorporated in
Colorado, has no assessable franchise in
California, and said the assessment, if al
lowed to stand, would be opposed in oourt
and $30,000 in taxes would again be. tied up.
Assessor Dodge pplnted out that - to
grant the company s petition would be to
abandon the city's contention. in the case
now pending before the Supreme Court
and to dfsregard the able • brief of City
and County Attorney- Lane, now on file in
that case. The board denied the petition.
A. M. Simpson of . the Simpson Lumber
Company asked that an assessment of
$12,300 on boats plying in the Puget Sound
be canceled, as taxes were being paid in
Washington under a Supreme Court deci
sion there. Dodge declared that United
States court decisions had established the
principle that vessels were assessable at
the place of registration, but the board,
recognizing that a hardship was being in
flicted," recommended leniency, and Dodge
canceled the assessment. Simpson's per
sonal arbitrary assessment of $202,500 was
iref erred to the Assessor. \ .
The Giant Powder Company's assess
ment of $150,000 was not changed. .
No one appeared for H. E. Huntington.
and Braunhart wanted to raise his assess
ment from $1,000,000 to $1,250,000.
Adjournment was -taken till 1 o'clock
this afternoon, when such action may be
taken if Huntington is not represented.
The one hundred and thirteenth anni
versary of the fall of the Bastile will be
celebrated at the Chutes to-morrow by
the French residents of this city. For
several weeks past . prominent Frenchmen
have been arranging for the event, which
promises to be the greatest commemora
tive display ever held in San Francisco.
The exercises will begin at 2 p. m.' with
an introductory address by J. S. Godeau,
president of the day. He will be followed
by H. Dallemagne, the French Consul
General, who will deliver 'an address in
French, as will also J. M. Dupas. James
G. Maguire will follow with a speech in
English.
Musical selections will be rendered by
prominent artists. Miss Lucie Fichter,
will sing the "Marseillaise" and the "Star
spangled Banner" ¦will be sung by Miss
Maude Williams of the Tivoli. .
A grand concert will ,be given in the
afternoon, and in the evening a specially
prepared pyrotechnic display will be
.made. The celebration ¦will close with a
grand ball, which will be an all-night af
fair.
The officers of the general committee of
arrangements are: J. S. Godeau, presi
dent; J. M. Dupas, first vice president;
V. Gardet, second vice president; A. B.
Richet, v secretary, and P. A. Bergerot,
treasurer.
pare to Honor Re
public's Birthday.
French Residents Pre-
WILL CELEBRATE
BASTILE'S FALL
The Supervisors* meeting as a Board of
Equalization continued their consideration
of assessments yesterday afternoon. A
number of artful tax-dodgers were left to
groan under arbitrary assessments im
posed upon them as a matter of education,
and final action was taken upon petitions
of some of the large corporations.
Wells, Fargo & Co. asked . for the can
cellation of its franchise assessment of
$750,000, and its petition was refuted. The
Spring Valley Water Works assessment
was reduced to $1,564,S34 G6, in order to
yield $196,000 in taxes, as agreed upon by
the Supervisors when the water rates
were fixed.
E. P. Vining appeared to oppose any in
crease in the arbitrary assessment of $2000
upon his personal property. In» fact, .he
insisted that If all his personal property
were sold and he realized $1000 on it he
would be a very lucky man.
"Will you tell the board of what your
property consists?" asked Assessor Dodge.
"You mean of what it consisted March
1," replied Vining.
Dodge pssentKcl, and the manager of the
Market-street railway system proceeded
to state under cath that on March 1 he
had the furniture In his house, $9 08 in the
bank, SIS 45 in cash in his purse and noth
ing more. He said furniture and all was
not worth more than $1000. The arbitrary
assessment was allowed to stand.
Struggling Firms of Lawyers.
Reuben H. Lloyd appeared for Lloyd &
Wood. An arbitrary assessment of $5000
on personal property of the firm had been
made. Lloyd declared that there were no
solvent credits to be assessed and no
money in the bank. The library was the
individual property of himself and Mr.
Wood, not the property of the firm. .The
assessment was not changed.
Charles J. Heggerty of Knight & Heg
gerty, assessed $5000 on personal .property,
had a similar tale of prosperous poverty.
He said the firm's personal property was
not worth more than J6CK) — no money, no
solvent credits, old furniture and musty
lumber for a library. The assessment was
let stand, and for his pains an assessment
of $500 was placed on Heggerty's own per
sonal property, which Assessor Dodge dis
covered'he had overlooked.
• Supervisor Tobin movfd to deny tha pe
tition of tbe Hiberrla Kank. Then he ex
plained, as Banker Tobin. that the bank's
petition was only- formal, as cases were
pending in the courts which would settle
the question of the validity of the assess
ments, amounting to $460,000, which the
bank asked to have canceled. Tobln's mo
tion-prevailed.
Ignatz Steinhart had, been assessed $12,
000 on his personal property. He was will
ing it should stand and didn't object to its
being raised to $20,000, the figure of last
year. Mr. Steinhart couldn't remember
how much mrney he had March 1 or the
amount of hit, solvent credits, but admit
ted that the assessable solvent credits
amounted to more than $30,000. Asked if
$50,000 would be too high, he said It would
be out of proportion to what other 'men
are assessed. The board raised his as
sessment to $40,000. ¦ . ¦ • . ' • . , '. .
Brown Compelled to Wait.
Supervisor Braunhart wanted the-
United States, represented by Assistant
District Attorney McKInlay, to wait while
Abraham Brown had his say, but Brown
had to wait. McKinlay explained that
forty-two acres on the ocean beach, of the
Laguna de la Merced tract, had been con
demned by the Government, the decree
being made before March 1. The assess
ment of $42,162 would therefore have to be
canceled.
Abraham . Brown's chance came next,
and although he had filed a statement that
$1500 was the value of the personal prop
erty of the estate of Louis Brown he had
to admit that stocks had been sold for
$3&,000 since March L The assessment was
fixed at $30,000. . ¦ - | ..-
Martin B. Kellogg appeared for ' the
Spring. Valley Water Works. The Super-
h^3 VERY dog has his day" Is an old
7 adage, and if It be true the chalk
imitation that Fred Belasco, man
¦^ ager of the Alcazar, bought to
ornament his boudoir, had Its
fling last Monday. It bejng a "dog- day,"
Mr. Belasco celebrated the occasion in a
befitting manner, as he thought, but now
it has dawned on' him that he did not en
joy the festivities.
It appears that the theatrical manager
has a new flat and whenever he find a
pretty objet d'art he immediately plans
to become its possessor. Last Monday
an Italian peddler passed the theater with
a lifelike pug dog in his hand and Belas
co purchased it. A friend asked him what
he Intended doing with it and he replied
that he would have it guard the family
jewels.
,"It would be a great joke, Fred," his
friend said, "if you should come home
some night elated over big receipts and be
suddenly confronted by this dog. Me
thinks, Fred, you would do a few back
handsprings trying to save your trousers
from the ferocious • purp."
"Say. you have given me a great idea.
My wife is dead scared of dogs, having
VINING MAKES
POVERTY PLEA
Wolf at Door of Market-
Street Railway
• Manager.
Major. Putnam Bradlee Strong, erstwhile
quartermaster U. S. -A- and a son of the
late ex-Mayor Strong of New York, has
been ejected from the California Hotel;
he has ejected himself from, the army, and
when the XIppon Mara sails for Japan
she will bear him away from San Fran
cisco. And Lady Francis Hope, better
known as May Yohe, who shared with
him the. ejection from the hotel, will go
¦with him to the Orient.
The major and milady were put out of
the hotel yesterday morning before 9
o'clock, and before coon he had sent a
telegram to -President McKinley direct
resigning from the army. A . telegram
from Washington says that he resigned
his commission for personal and financial
reasons, and that It was no sooner re
ceived than it was accepted. Strong had
orders to sail on the transport Grant for
Manila next Tuesday, and the plan was for
Lady Francis to sail on the Nippon Mara
a. day later and join him in the Far East,
but when the exposure of their relations
came he changed his plans, resigned from
the army and the two will leave here to
gether.
For several days before their secret got
out Strong and Lady Francis lived at the
California Hotel under the name of Hast
ings. They were registered as "Mr. and
Mrs. H. L. Hastings, Boston." and until
they began to appear together in public
with a reckless disregard of the conse
quences, no one believed they were any
but the persons they seemed. Strong had
a room in the Palace Hotel which he kept
but never used and before ehe went to
the California Hotel his companion reg
istered at the Palace, or Strong registered
for her, as Mrs. H. L. Hastings, rie reg
istered his own name just under, but as
the clerks were not altogether satisfied
with the state of affairs, she was asked
to seek accommodations elsewhere. .. .
Ordered Out of Hotel.
When the identity of the pair became
known to the management of the Califor
nia Hotel. Assistant Manager Wrenn sent
for Strong. Strong's valet brought back
word that the major was dressing and
could not be seen, but the valet would
bring- any message Air. Wrenn wished to
send. Word was sent back that the man
ager wished to see Major Strong and that
he must give up his room at once. The
valet departed with the message and soon
returned with the information that the
major and the lady would be out of the
house by half past 10. Wrenn sent back,
¦word that they must go at once, and
then the valet told a talc of twelve trunks
to be packed and not a thing ready, so
Wrenn gave the pair until half past 8 to
leave. It was then soon after 7, but by
half past 8 Strong and the Lady Francis
left the hotel by the upper entrance,
avoiding the lobby, and turning up Bush
street and down Dupont, they disap
peared. The next heard of them was that
they were at a downtown restaurant,
•where they spent the day.
In the meantime Strong's valet and
Lady Francis' maid took care of the bag
gage and secured an expressman to cart
away the trunks. The expressman was
unknown to the porter and when the
porter asked him where he was going to
take the trunks he said he had- been
ordered not to tell/ The baggage did not
go to the restaurant, however, so it is
pro.bable the couple intend to seek some
other place where they can retire from
publicity until the steamer sails.
Sent Pake Telegrams.
It was believed that May Yohe was in
England, and the identity of the woman
who was masquerading as Strong's wife
was for some time in doubt, but the belief
that she was in England was based unon
some telegrams she had sent to friends
with the intention of deceiving them and
any others who might inquire, and so let
S.H»- ha Y e a clear run west as far as the
Philippines where Strong has been or
dered to duty There was some suspicion
of her Intention to join fortunes with
2£4E? y ****, witn ° ut siting for the
formality of divorce from Lord Francis
her husband, but in the face of the tele
grams the suspicion was lulled to rest
end the pair got well started westward
Vn^f 1 a u hl ?\Z f l , he J r 5 2 entity becoming
known. Had the lady been less willing
to display her jewels they might have
aW^ii Where under the foPical sun
?« i£ e ? hill PP lnes *hey could have grown
tired of each other at their own leisure
without any one ever knowing.
The followir.gr telegram was received
from Lew York last evening in answer to
queries as to the whereabouts of May
Yohe:
Friends Surprised.
NEW YORK. Juiy 12.— It Lady Francis
Hope js in San Francisco it is news to her
friends here. She grave up her apartments
in this city weeks ago and said she was
going to join her husband in England.
« i£ Fr , ancls Hope while they were both
in this city. Lord and Lady Francis came
here in November last, and the first per
son to greet them atahe steamship uier
was Strong. . " ' " .
When the "Giddy Throng" closed Its
season Lady * rands had several music
hall engagements that took her as far
}\est as Chicago. When she returned
from this trip she declared all differenn-s
between her and her husband had been
?^l? "Z and Bi S intended to Join him
in England soon. Before she was reported
to have sailed she spent considerable time
In company with Strong. They were to
gether so f requently that the youne man's
attention caused some talk, which died
the Philippines and Lady Francis an
ilfl!S 10^rh that 6he . was back to Eng
land. There are those In town this even
ing who were unkind enough to suggest
that Lady. Francis had planned the little
European trip announcement to deceive
people and thus cover up her deDartur*
for the West with Strong ' aepartur *
Disgrace Follows Relations
Between May Yohe and
an Army Man.
Ordered to Leave at Once
Their Suite at the
California.
LADY FRANCIS
AND STRONG
THROWN OUT
THE SAN. FRAKOISCO CALL, SATTODATi JULY 13, 1901'.
Tries to Fool His Wife With a Dog and She
Cleverly Turns the Tables oh Him.
FRED BELASCO PLAYS A JOKE
AND IS HIMSELF BADLY BITTEN
14
Hale'8. | Hala'g.
Ow-Ifff Gloves iar^l-
We can't say too much about them. They are cut and designed along lines
entirely original with us; that's why they conform so naturally to the hand.
There isn't a glove wej dW^JCSA^V 1 "Htfi Jotivin" ClOTe
know of for a dollar that flI %f l in •
has as many good points V-"' P afl *»
about it as this. We have it'g a celebrated French
recently received our J&FA"&- &M*) glove, renowned for its nt
midsummer shinment <^si5 E^ and '* rear . made from se-
imasuminer snipment, „ k*' lected kid skins. There's
wnicn includes i all the <A *w- P every new and staple
new and staple shades; J^-*i Bhade among them; fL50
sizes for every one at J|5IkL apalr. <,,-*--•
one price— $1.00. /^ French Sneae GloYe,
"Dent" Facsimjle Gloye, p ®® pain
$1.00 pair. f >m \\\\ \KM/ They are favorite over-
r 4, \\ \^ r^L<3^u seam gloves, fastened
It's an excellent shop- V> \\ \ yCPyif-y^*-. with three pretty clasps;
ping or traveling: glove, V> '\ y Ar vXJC\o a very stylish glove for
has a pearl clasp and t \ / // J^*tt dress; choose from the
comes in the popular \. 't>J-4ylr:).J> F newest pastel shades of
shades of oak, mahogany t, Tfl\\,ri4*L mode and sray; J1.50 a
and red. IlV> lt>,.s^\Sv? 131 I pair.
Fancy Mesh Veilings 25c.
Our veiling business is tlie pride and wonder of the store, and yet if you'd
look below the surface you wouldn't wonder at it Women can't resist new
things, and the store that has. them is bound to receive attention.
'Tis not so much a wonder that more women come here for veilings than
any place else as it is that still more don't come.
These at 25c— Include a charming variety of black tuxedo and fancy mesh veil-
ings, in plain and dotted effects; also black Brussels nets, as well as dotted
chiffon and grenadine, in black and brown.
Writing t&bh *sJ@*Sik%>
Made from a splendid heavy, glazed "'^^//TT^*
bond paper; 120 leaves to the book -CL^,^Sy/h^/y
and unruled; you know that's the
style now. The quality is superior; ¦BBBlBlMiiBBBay *^^
the price doesn't indicate it. . We T —
have only 150 marked at this ridiculous price— 12c. We wish there were more,
but we don't expect such a good thing to come our way soon again.
/c^ ' heacfgimrrersfoi (g^^^i
I Yes, and decorations of all I }Z^^~ ~~^^- ~ r "n
I sorts. The Central Conunlttea . \\J>*"^ . . ¦\\
gave us the sole right to make l fl
and supply every one with their \\
banners. We have them In \\
I x quantities to suit. Delegations II
from out of town are having us U
¦ ; . send them flags to Hy from the trains.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
.GRANULATED Brat toSUGAR, 18 lbs |t 00
.' •' Extra Dry Spreckels* Keflnlnx.
TOMATOES, Best Pack, 4 Cans .25a
Extra Quality. Res. IOo ¦»»*>.
FINEST CREAMER! BUTTER, SqrarB.32|o
Fln» Butter Our 'Motto. Rse. «0a
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, Sffaara.SOc
BegnJar S5c
BEST MISSION EGGS, Dozen 2Ca
Gathered really. Rer. ISc
OLD PORT and SHERRY, Qnart Botfia.25a
Rej. 40a Gal. 93c, res. H RX
MOCHA and JAVA, Our Best Coffee, Ib •. . 25o
Reg. 350 lb.
POTATOES, Choice Barbuda, -Box.... 81.15
Reg. $1 sx ' r:> -¦
NEW SEASON'S TEAS 40a
Six Kinds. Rer. 60c and 73a
ZINFANDEL and CLARET, Stone Ing, gal 75o
t Tears Old. Re*. ».
PERFECT BLEACHING SOAP, 15 Bars. ..50c
«v . ran P #, A1 i Soai \ Re »- u 'or 60c.
Gnirardellis Ground Chocolate, i-lb Can.25o
Rear. 30c can.
WILLOW CREEK WHISKEY, Full Qt.$1.00
Be?, n BO. Gallon |3 SO, rec J I 50.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes. *. . . .25o
For tho Toilet. Res. 4 cakes 25c.
BROMANGELON DESSERT JELLY, Pkg. .10c
Rer. ISc
PEARLINE, 3 1-Ib Packages ......... 25o
Rer. IOo pkr.
IMPORTED SARDINES, 3 Cans 25o
Flag Brand. Rer. 12%o.
MASON'S JARS, Quarts, Dozen. . . . . . .73o
Rer. We dozen. .
CHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, X-lb Cans 20o
Rer. Joe " * * *
RASPUEKRY GRENADINE SYRUP, at bt.30o
Strawb«rry. Vanilla. Rep. 40c
Our Country Customers
. 1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phon« S. 192.' No Branch Store*
f j>m J^»i/ Jas^ j
¦ Watsts and Wrappers? This is the day we. ra
m £ive them away — Saturday. They are price- B
M less beauties— at least we don't ask prices ¦
¦ for them to-day— mere'y nominal figures. 1
¦ Havs werother bargains? That's for you to M\
B say when you've read and seen them* j
1 LfKE PRETTY WAISTS? >_ ; H 2, SI P^y # V, C
¦ White India Linen Waists that rS^S^ 1 ribStftlafS^or^wWte I
m have created such a furore, again feet. The '• 35c kind go to-day B
m cn/sale. Front all-over Arabian for ........:................... .....21c ¦
¦ ce < ?u t H c ? ed *^ a^ : ''niS!5 5 le f7w s * Children's Black Hose, heavy B ,
¦ Worth at least *L7o. To-day.. O»C or fine ribbed: double knee, heel U
¦¦•¦; French' Chambray Waists, and toe. Our 25c kind.......;. .15c ¦
'¦finest quality. Front, backhand haw ARfiiiT /viir^i iim : - -m
W sleeves? tucked' and hemstitched. A MUV ; T^ I$ "^ JLiloo N S
m Mrgain anywhere for $1»PO. To- | UNiiBRVVBAR? ¦
fl.^ays price here ................98c Our Factory turns out the pret- m
¦ WDADDFPS ' ' tlest things imaginable and we're H
M < WKAPPCiy-o. ssllinft them at wholesale prices. B
•fl Percale Wrappers— Best in qua!- Women's Nieht Gowns, best S
B ity. best - in styfeT Deep, flounces - CaSJbriS, squaTe* or pound ¦ yokl. ¦
g Pine linen lace , ¦. trUmning give* trimmed; with Torchon Lace and ¦
m them their rich tone. A ?1. <5 gar- Inser tion or Embroidery and In- W
B; ment. To-day's price..... ...$1.25 Bertion. $1.00 value. Saturday's I
« Women's \ Mercerized ' Satin Price ...... ... iii ........... ..69c M
m Underskirts, black and white Women's White Skirts, best B.
fl striped, accordeon- plaited flounce; Muslin, clusters of tucks and B
SB trimmed with double rows of solid flounces of wide embroidery. Many B
M black pinked ruching. A great at- trimmed with Torchon Lace and In- ¦
B traction at $2.00. To-day.... $1.25 sertion. A sacrifice at $1.25. To- B
¦ imported French I/isle Wo- day ...;..;.......:................. 8O C ¦'
B men's Vests, long or half sleeves. Women's Muslin Drawers, best m
fl .Bargains at 75c. To-day....... 39c quality, tucks, and ruflles of wide n
¦ Thomson's Military Corset, embroidery or -linen lace. Else- fl
¦ straight front.' - Our regular price, where a bargain at 35c. Here to- H
H $1.50. To-day ......Sl.OO day;.... ......19c m
B 10c Fancy Corded Wash Bib- 2Oc' and 25c Fancy Corded 5 ¦
¦ bons, a- yard ......... 5c Wash Ribbons, a yard 12j^c B
I OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL II O'CLOCK. |
MARKSBHOS j
SSECRET m
'fF~ Of cur success in mak- §3
'( ing and fitting glasses
ft, is due to the fact that "**)|
iV^-5> we have had twenty- It
\fp^\ five years' experience Afj
:ifr£jl) ia. the optical business. JZ;
$*yFs~^ During +>!<« time we *«••!
zjy have studied the needs . IV-
II of the eye and there- ?oj
1? fore make glasses that >\
; iV give satisfaction, in H
&£L . every particular. J]
BtandaMOptplCi
jgswutfinber tf\e number- • ~i Uvi