SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JXJSTE 6, : 1901;
VOLUME XC-XO. 6.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
American Owner, Rider and Trainer Triumph Jn the Contest for the Blue
Ribbon Trophy in One of the Most Exciting Races Witnessed in Many
Years at Epsom Downs— Morney Cannon, on William III, Is Second
WITH WILLIAM C. WHITNEY'S VOLODYOVSKI
JOCKEY LESTER REIFF WINS THE DERBY BY
THREE-QUARTERS OF LENGTH IN RECORD TIME
Popular Chief Surgeon of the Department of California Is Selected to
Perform the Duties- of the, Ranking Medical Officer While the Latter
Makes Tour of Inspection of the Philippines With the Adjutant General
COLONEL FORWOOD IS ORDERED TO WASHINGTON
TEMPORARILY TO RELIEVE SURGEON GENERAL
STERNBERG, WHO GOES TO MANILA WITH CORBIN
established. By this means the large
number of. men doing duty in the out
lying districts can be recalled. It is be
'lleved in military circles that the experts
favor the subdivision of the islands into
districts and the establishment therein of
garrisons, thus rendering It possible for
a • lesser number of men to control tha
natives. Such a plan would greatly re
duce the expense of military operations.
It is also believed that the visIJIng offi
cials .will investigate the charges of mis
use of army provender and that the cor
ruption alleged to exist among the army
will result in a great reduction in the
United' States forces now doing duty in
the Islands. If the conditions existing
render suoh action possible, in all prob
ability a post government system will be
WINNER OF THE GREAT ENGLISH DERBY, THE AMERICAN JOCKEY WHO PILOTED THE COLT TO VIC
TORT IN A MOST EXCITING RACE AND WILLIAM C. WHITNEY, THE AMERICAN OWNER, WHO HAS
WRESTED THE BLUE RIBBON TROPHY FROM THE BRITISH.
First — William f C. Whit
ney's brotvn colt Volodyovskl
(Lester Relff), FlorUal II-La
Heine. Time, 2:4O 4-5. \
Second — Dulse of Portland's
bay colt William in, St. 51
mon-Gravitr.
Third .— Donfclns ' . Baird'g
chestnut colt Veronei, Dono
van-Maize. '.
Conditions of the RiMse— The
Derby stakes of GOOO ' sover
eign* by subscriptions of 50
sovereigns each, for three
jrear-oldp, the nominator of
the. -winner to receive 6OO sov
ereigns, the owner of the sec
ond horse 300 and the owner
of the third 2OO sovereigns
. out of the stake; about one
mile and a half. There frere
279 subscriptions. ;*.'/,
FINISH OF THE DERBY.
Although Volodyovski Is owned and
trained by", Americans, he is an Erigish
bred colt, being by the King's horse Florl
zeli II out of La Reine! He was bred by
Lady Meux, and , leased by her' to the late
Lord William Beresford. At the death of
Lord' William .his executors held the opin
ion that the lease of the colt did not lapsed
but 'Lady Meux took a contrary- view.
Litigation ensued and the colt was re
turned'to .his breeder. Subsequently he
was leased to Mr. Whitney. -But for the
¦v • . ¦;. •: ¦ • /.. ¦ ¦ -. . . - .....
Volodyovski's victory was very popular,
and his success has taken a lot of money
out of the ring. "He was cheered a§raln
and again on returning to weigh In.' Time,
2:40 4-5,- Is the record for the race!.
. There was some delay at the start, but
eventually an excellent one was eff ected
and Foxhall Keene's Jockey, Henry, on
Olympian, got away like a shot from a
gun. He set a cracking pace and before
Tattenham Corner * was reached- had
spread-eagled his field. As they rounded
and came into the straight it was. seen
that Volodyovskl was right -there, run
ning with great resolution. A tremen
dous roar went up when it was seen that
he had got on even terms a quarter of a
mile. from home, coming along at a rare
clip, with William III In hot pursuit.
"Volly," as he Is called, left his opponents
In 'great style, all but Morney, Cannon's
mount, hard ridden, which was j running
as game ' as a .pebble at the favorite's
girths. "And so the pair passed the post. ,
"Volly's" Great Victory.
crltlclem. The favorite was a different
horse altogether elnce St. . MacLou beat
him in the spring. His size, quality and
nice short back belong to 'the son of the
King's famous Florizel II, while he had
thickened out and muscled up beyond all
recognition. All day • the favorite had
stood firm as a rock In the betting. -
for furnishing the greatest attractions of
the day. There is nothing In the world
which can make that "bursting," to use
a police phrase describing closing time at
the theaters, of the people of London upon
the fragrant roads which converge upon
Kpscm Downs. Every year the number
crows larger and given fine ¦weather,
such as to-day, and the fun grows more
and more characteristic, the best humored
people in the world enjoying the holiday
on the course. To-day's gathering eclipsed
all records, and the details of Frith" s fam-
mon assent -would give the road the palm
LOrCDOX, June 5. — The race for the
Derby, the blue ribbon of the
English turf, run at Epsom to
day, resulted "In an easy victory
for the 5 to 2 favorite, William
C. Whitney's Volodyovskl, whom Lester
Relff steered hone three-quarters of a
length In front of the Duke of Portland's
William III. Douglass Baird's Veronez, a
40 to 1 chance, was third, four lengths
away, and the French Jockey, Watkins. on
Floriform. Just missed the place by a
head. Thus for the fourth time In the his
tory of the Derby it has been won by a
foreigner. Once before, in 1S81. the race
was won by a citizen of the United States.
Pierre Lorillard. In that instance the
jockey, Fred Archer, was an Englishman.
To-day was the first occasion on which an
American horseman proved successful.
The day appeared to have been made for
the occasion. One glarce at the white
flecked clouds In the dome of blue forbade
the thought of umbrellas or waterproofs,
and the pretty dresses of the many ladies
on coaches, or the flaring colors of less
fortunate members of their sex who trav
eled to the famous Downs In every-de
scription of vehicle, ran not the slightest
risk of being spoiled by rain.
Great Crowds on the • Road.
If the whole of what is comprehended in
the term "derby" were dissected Into sev
eral portions — rail, road and course— com-
WINNERS SINCE 1894 OF THE DERBY, THE GREAT BLUE RIBBON TROPHY.
There was a great rush to the paddock
for an Inspection of the Derby candidates.
It has been said often that it was a' mod
erate lot that was to . contest in to-day's
race, and a glance over '¦ the . twenty-five
competitors to some* extent bore out the
¦ : Stands and lnclosures were packed and
the line of coaches and j other vehicles
reached the whole length of the rails op
posite the errand stand, j "
ous picture, "The Derby Day," were once
more reproduced in all their motley con
trasts.
"By. road and rail traffic was enormous,
although in the last mentioned depart
ment there was less congestion than
usual. The Southeastern Company, hav
ing opened a new line with a terminus at
Tattenham Corner, gave the other com
panies a relief they did not desire. .
¦' CHICAGO, June 5.— The .'Atchlson,''To
peka and' Santa : Fe -, Company ; announced
the following appointments: '?• J;.W. : Kend
rlck,-< third ( -vice": president,"* ia -'charge r of
Santa Fe Company Appointments.
fall-should our. people despair of a. settlement
creditable to both dlep'utants. ;..•¦'
_The : proceedings were ' brought' to - an
end with ; a - few .words \ from . Mr. : Choate,
who \ declared ¦ that : Londoners had , done
'a^. noble act In extending .. the".-hand of
friendship to a most" formidable rival.
,' ."Commerce," ha ' said,* "will '¦ be ,the real
peacemaker, and • a '; blessing, to ; mankind." 1
Any., real ¦ conflict" between our two coun
tries Is ! Impossible." ¦ . '"".-'. ,
' . The horoscope of the future shows that com
mon dangers arc likely 1 to draw us 'closer, and
closer, : and < If ,' ever ¦ the ' banners here • entwined
together^ have- to ; be unfurled' eide by .side ; In
self-defensa asclnst ' any 'foe - or > combination
of foes who "may ¦ undertake /, to disturb _the
peace,". I ]¦ pity ' that : enemy. ¦ . The chambers : of
commerce of the .world carry for : their motto
"Peace and'^Good "Will 'Among; Men. "y If .cab
inets^"should".ever*fall to ; preserve between us
•'.•peace' with' honor,',' -I suggest as a tribunal of •
last resort the* Chamber of Commerce ' of ; Lon
don and that in New Tork; and not until they
theeveningj.then 'rose.;; He c dwelt- upon
the i importance f of ; the growing I friendly
relations between .the two countries and
continued as 'follows: . : ' . . \
\ LONDON, June 6.— The Chronicle reit
erates that five and 1 100 men
are in English Jails j for J traitorous - deal
ings with. the Boers." Most of them were
convicted for^ allowing arms and ammuni
tion to reach the burghers. The officers
belonged to ..the": auxiliary, forces. They
were at first ordered to be . shot,^but Earl
Roberts a: commuted : their sentences ;. ; to
"penal servitude ¦ for life* and the men's of-
fen se was altered to. being asleep on 'post
.There /have been such cases; since, ac
cording to the Chronicle.:; and General
Kitchener has had the delinquents ; shot,
returning them as 'having died from'en
teric'fever.' ' ' • ' ._ ., . , . ¦>
/CAPE :TOWN, . June 5.— The. garrison. of
Jamestown, Cape Colony, which surrend
ered to. Kritsinger's command," ; June 2,
numbered' sixty, men" in 'all. Kritsinger's
i ST. BRIETJX, ' France, June 5.— Five
fishing boats which went on a fishing
cruise in Iceland waters have been'miss
ing for " two 1 months and are "now believed
to have foundered in a gale April 6. s ; Their
entire crews, numbering 117 men, are sup
pesed, to have perished. ; There is , general
mourning here and in the neighboring tU
•taie»v V • "' " >«
Five Fishing Boats Lost.
operation; y W. - B. V Jainsen, assistant to
president, in charge of Chicago office and
the. company's coal property: Captain A:
H. Paysbn,; assistant 'to president, tin
charge*,' of *; Northern California" affairs,
I headquarters In San Francisco.
ALIWAL NORTH, June 4.-Col White's
'column/ came In contact. with Kritsinger's
command northeast ' of_ Jamestown," Juna
S, ' drov-i the Boers , back, capturing fifty
hcrses;and munitions and recovered the
stores looted from Jamestown.
force is. estimated to have totaled 1000
men. ¦ The British killed twelve- and
wounded fifteen ¦ Boers .before they were)
oy erpbwered by ; numbers. . - :
According to the London Chronicle- Lord, Roberts Showed Mercy to Offenders, but
Since Then General Kitchener Has Had the> Delinquents Shot.
TWO. OFFICERS. WHO ARE GOING TO MANILA AND A THIRD WHO
WILL LEAVE HIS MANY FRIENDS j HERE j TO TAKE CHARGE OF
". THE MEDICAL ¦ DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMT. TV >
FIVE FORMER BRITISH OFFICERS AND A HUNDRED
MEN IN JAIL FOR TRAITOROUS DEALINGS WITH BOERS
Forwood to duty in Washington was- not
to . go '¦ into ! effect until the , arrival '•¦ of
Colonel Greenleaf, but the intended de
parture of General Sternberg prompted
the chief surgeon to request his selection
as temporary head of the medical "corps.
The .". departure of Colonel ".. Forwood is
deeply regretted by the hosts of friends
he has made since his 'connection with
the -Department- of California. % He ; has
been on j duty here since December, 1838,
and his courteous treatment of every, one
visiting headquarters has made" him most
popular. Colonel Forwood Is to ,be~ con
gratulated, however,', on 'his .transfer.
His selection to temporarily fill the posi
tion of surgeon general is a recognition
of his merits as a surgeon and* an ac
knowledgment; of; his great ;' executive
ability. It also means that -after the "re
tirement of, the.? present medical chief
Colonel^ Forwood will be. his successor.
Colonel and - Mrs. Forwood T . while" in
Washington 1 will occupy the house ' of the
surgeon in chief, General Sternberg hav
ing ¦ tendered \ them the use k of • his home
during ' hla absence. .
-.Surgeon General, Steinberg is to accom
pany Adjutant General Corbln.Inspsctor
General . Brecklnridge %. and „" Paymaster
General Bates to Manila. / The J inspection
made will be most thorough; and embrace
an.lnqulry Into the needs of every branch
of -the army,' It is' not known positively
"¦what J will \ be the /result of the j trip, but
it j is generally,' believed by - army ; officers
that the 'visit of these military experts
officers In Manila will be thoroughly In
vestigated.
The, care of the disease stricken and
wounded soldiers In Manila Is the object
of the I visit of General Steinberg. , The>
chief medical officer has under his direc
tion 200 volunteer surgeons; In addition
to. the medical' officers connected with the
regular establishment. The ¦ medical ' de
partment of. the army has been greatly
handicap /ed through lack of facilities to
handle) the large number . of patients
which climatio conditions and Filipino
bullets .hare made. General Sternberg
believes that the condensing of th« field
of operations . and the '. establishment of a
larger base hospital < will - render the el
forts of - the surgeons more effective.
jb^ OLONEL WILLIAM : h! FOR
/f- WOOD, ' assistant surgeon gen-
VV^v/ eral of the United States army,
— ' chief surgeon ¦ of 'the Depart-,
ment of California, has been
ordered to report to Major General Stern
bert;,, surgeon general of the , army, at
Washington. He_will leave here' Monday.'
Colonel Forwood will assume the duties'
of the chief medical officer "of .the. army
while the latter , Is .making a tour of; In- i
spection of the, Philippines. '-. Lieutenant
Colonel A. C.'Girard will assume the for
mer duties of Colonel Forwood at, depart-:
ment headquarters, until the' arrival of
Colonel Greenleaf, who has been assigned,
to duty as chief ,'surgeoif of? the Depart
ment of California. , Colonel : Greenleaf is
now en route from Manila. -
The '' original . order- assigning Colonel '
."We do not forget how you instilled Into' our
minds habits of industry, thrift and fair deal
ing, so that now In the dawn of the twentieth
century we are able* to state with some pride
that the business relations between the two
countries amount j to - the astounding : sum of
$960,000,000 yearly. We' do not ' forget ' how you
have during ? the .past j 130 ; years^ aided • us to
produce : this result, • primarily ! by; the inculca-'
tion through your example of those principles
of Justice, religion and law .which we have Im
bibed from you as the , foundation of all com
mercial . transactions, ; and secondarily, ¦ by 7 the
free . loaning ¦ of capital to ' enable us :' to make
use 'of our great resources, ' our' mines,
build our railroads and extend our commerce.
Mr." Jessup was 'followed by. Lord, Ave
bury, A. Foster* Higglns -and', Aj , Barton
Hepburn. •; Hepburn % aroused* interest ' by
an' intimation sthat.the' United States 'was
enteringupon the; stage. of tariff relaxa
tion..;. ¦ . ¦' ¦ ,'; .'¦ ". . •¦ . •:'.' \ .. ; ! . .-; '''¦:¦'. :
. The Right Hon. William James ; Plerte;
who i followed, admitted the supremacy, of
the United States in! many directions^ but
asserted "Great ; supremacy; In
the : matter of ship-building.
• - Carnegie, ' who bad the' best reception : of
It is said that kind words are the music of
the world. . For the gracious and kindly word*
with which you have made us welcome and
for the" generous • warmth of our "reception
manifested. in every, eye and felt in the clasp
of every hand, it Is my privilege to express
the' thanks of the New Tork Chamber of Com
merce, : and especially of my associates here
present, as your j guests at this memorable
banquet. It was a happy inspiration that dic
tated your kind Invitation, . and I assure ¦ you
that.it was accepted In the same spirit, and if
our coming together at this time serves to
bind in' closer ties the relations between the
two . nations, ' our hopes and expectations' will
be fulfilled, and we "count. It a high privilege
to have been here. ;
Praise for Generous Hosts.
Mr. Jessup, : president of the Chamber
of Commerce, , replying to the address of
welcome, spoke in part as follows:
All those who, like myself, are servants of
the public feel that they hold an unwritten
commlssloln that no pains shall be spared to
maintain the most friendly relations. "With re
gard to President McKinley, we think of the
great efflce he fills and, in addition to his
public cares, we remember the burden of pri
vate anxiety he lias to bear, and it Is the
prayer of our whole country that his wife may
be restored to health and that he may con
tinue to t>J to the whole world a potent Influ
ence for ' the cood of the human race.
I imagine that this honorable duty has been
assigned to me because I am connected with
the Department of Foreign Affairs and be
cause it may be that a toast, coming from my
lips, may seem to denote something more than
a mere private expression of admiration and
rcoi will. I think I may say that to all the
subjects of his Majesty it requires an effort
to think of our relation with the United States
as foreign relations. (Prolonged cheers.)
There was a' murmur of expectancy as
Lord Lansdowne, the Foreign Secretary,
rose to toast President McKinley. He
said:
To no other nation are w» drawn as we are
to our kinsmen across the Atlantic The wise
ly directed friendship of our two peoples— not
as yet, and perhaps never to be, cemented by
formal alliance— should be a potent influence.
Working together for the common good of all
mankind, we may keep open the door for
trade, we rr.ay spread civilization, we may
protect the oppressed, and we may establish
p»ace amongr the nations. «
Grocers' Hall, Just opposite the Bank of
England, has the reputation of being the
most Interesting 'chamber of all city com
panies. The tables to-night were deco
rated with a profusion of flowers and his-'
toric plate. Around the hall is a gallery ;
which, as the evening advanced, was filled
with ladles, who attended to hear the
speeches.
Lord Brassey presided. On' his right
was Embassador Choate and on his left
Lord Lansdowne. Morris K. Jessup, An
drew Carnegie, Cornelius N. Bliss, Lord
Alverstone (Lord Chief Justice of Eng
land), Mr. Griscom, George, G.- Ward,
Lord Srathcona and Mouhtroyal. Lev! P.
Morton. Lord Avebury (president of the
Associated Chambers of Commerce), and
J. Pierpont Morgan were among those
seated at the table of honor. In all near
ly 300 were present. In welcoming the
guests Lord Brassey, who made the first
speech, said:
"Welcome by Lord Brassey 1
•We welcome them as the repr«sentatlyes cf
the skill and enterprise •which har*: turned th«
vast ~resour*sB -'<>« J th«VAnieric«aV«»ntinent J fa'
the servic* of mankind., Ware largely shar-;
ers In these benefits^ Our teeming" millions
could not live" without the food America prc
duces and the' raw . materials for our indus
tries. America teaches us • lessons not only In
the creation, but In the liberal distribution of
wealth.
LONDON, , June 6.— The banquet ten
dered by the I>>ndon Chamber of Com
merce to the delegates of the New Tork
Chamber of Commerce at Grocers' Hall to
night was one of the handsomest affairs of
the kind ever given in a city famed for
lavish hospitality. No effort was spared
to 'honor the American guests. All the
speeches teemed with extreme friendliness
and faith In the* establishment of perma
nent friendly relations. • All the speakers
expressed the belief that. Great Britain
and the United States would rule the des
tinies of the world and their unwritten al
liance, would .'always work for peace and
the benefit of mankind. * . •
Embassador Clioate Says .. Any Real
Conflict Between the Countries
¦ Is Impossible. •
Significant Utterances
at a Banquet in
London. #
New York Merchants Are
Entertained by. English
Notables.
BRITISH LAUD
THE PROGRESS
OF AMERICAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Year.
I
Horse.
I
s
Oirner.
'¦ Jockeys.
\ol of
Runners
Time.
1S1»4 |
1KO5 I
lsrm...*. I
1S97....
1R9S-. . . I
3 S»9 .... I
I9OO
| Ladan j Lord Ro«eberr - •*• Watts
I Sir Vloto I Lord Roiebeir ....'.. S. Loates. . . .
! Perxlmmon . | Prince . of Wales. J. Watts '
Galtee More -Mr. Gnbbfns C.Wood..;..
j Jeddab ! Mr. J. I-nm»ch O. Madden ...
j I'Jj-incr Fox Dnke of Wpitmimter. >!• Cannon ...
Diamond Jubilee Prince of Wales '. f «-.v-| H. Jones. ... .
J5
11 ¦
11
18
12
14
St45 1-2
2l43 3-4
2:12
2:44
2:47
2:42 1-2
2:42
Year.
I
Horse.
I
s
Oirner.
'¦ Jockeys.
\ol of
Runners
Time.
1S1»4 |
1KO5 I
lsrm...*. I
1S97....
1R9S-. . . I
3 S»9 .... I
I9OO
| Ladan j Lord Ro«eberr - •*• Watts
I Sir Vloto I Lord Roiebeir ....'.. S. Loates. . . .
! Perxlmmon . | Prince . of Wales. J. Watts '
Galtee More -Mr. Gnbbfns C.Wood..;..
j Jeddab ! Mr. J. I-nm»ch O. Madden ...
j I'Jj-incr Fox Dnke of Wpitmimter. >!• Cannon ...
Diamond Jubilee Prince of Wales '. f «-.v-| H. Jones. ... .
J5
11 ¦
11
18
12
14
St45 1-2
2l43 3-4
2:12
2:44
2:47
2:42 1-2
2:42. w-t . i- rA . i IAII • I llfll f\ II III < i. 1L I •
Twelve Flats and Four Residences, Which Will Generally Illustrate the Ionic
Style of Architecture, Will Be Placed on Thirteenth Street, Between
Howard and Mission, as Speedily as the Work; Can Be Performed
EXTENSIVE IMPROVEMENTS PLANNED
TO COST FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
. BBATTT.<TC, June 6.— The ~ steamship
State ¦ ot ' California sailed tor Nome . to
nlsrht with 510 passengers and 1700 tons of
freight. The steamship Kimball sailed to
night with 264 passengers for. Nome. . -
Off to the Goldfields.
Orinda No. 56, §ten Francisco — Anna Gruber;
Lena B. Mills Marsten; alternates, Josephine
Coddington, Bertha Mayer. '
Fremont No. 59, San Francisco— Mamie Toon
ey, Polly Barton; alternates, Amelia Bruzzoni,
Mamie Daniels. . .
.Ollvlna No. 61, Alvaradc— Hattie H. Nauert;
alternate, Mildred Nauert. ¦
Hanford No. 64, Hanford— Katherine Glllcoly;
alternate, Nella Brown. ; ¦ -' ¦¦'¦
Dardanelle No. 66, sSonora— Delia Shine, So
phie Gould: alternates, Alice McCraney, Lizzie j
Johnson. |
: ¦ Buena .Vista No. 68, s San • Francisco— Ella
Wehe, Emma Bening««H. M. Greene, Mollie
Long, Minnie Stebbins; alternates, Nellie Ra
der, Georgle McCormack, Lizzie Bury, Adele
Ducker, Mary Bell. .. ... -V - -..-.-. ',<-¦:.•
' Columbia No. 70. French Corral— Ora Coffey;
alternate.. Marie Allen... -¦ •-.'.'
(-. Oheonta No.. 71. ferndale — Fannie
Christine Bending; alternates, Jennie Rack
liffe, Gertrude Francis. . . . "5 ¦ . , ., . , . .
Veritas, No. 75, Merced— Annie Napier, Julia
Smith; alternates, " Emma" Nordgren,-' Flora 1
Hyde. 1- • -¦¦•¦¦ • ' ¦ - •-. ¦ ¦-•; ¦ ..- .
. Crescent No. 76, Crescent City — Oro Crawford;
alternate, Irene Musick. ' '¦' ' ' „
Amapola . No. 80, Sutter Creek— Ida B. Her
man, Frances Vicinl; alternates, Lillie Phans, '
Julia Tr»vett.
San Jose No. 81,- ''San Jose-^Tillle Brohaska;
alternate, Eva PrindeL j •'¦ • '
El Pescadero No. 82, Tracy— Mary Hill; alter
nate, Claire Ludwlg.
Princess No. 84, - Angeles-Mary E. Cosgrove;
alternate, Myrtle Lee. " ••¦ T. . .
• Forrest " No. 86, Plymouth — ~W. ' Frances
Mooney; alternate, . Ella Adams..
Piedmont No. 87, • Oakland— Emma Vorrath,
Alma Bock; ?alternates, Annie- Knabbe, Jennie
Brown. - — ¦ . • • ¦ '
Ivy No. .88, Lodl— Alice Welch; alternate,
Emma Lilll'5. - .
La Estrella No. 89, San Francisco— Emma
Thlerbach. Dr. A. Boldeman.
Woodland No. 90. Woodland— Kate Simmons,
Annie Schluer; alternates, Sara Morris, ' Nellie
Bumbaugh. • . -
• Miriam No. 91, Antioch— Bertha Clifford; al
ternate, Amy Harris.
Pinole No. 92, Pinole— Annette Brandt; alter
nate, ' Mamie Fernandez. •>,,-¦ „
' San" Miguel No. 94. San Mlguel-^Gladys Boa
well ;- alternate, Mary E, Stanley.
Ventura No. 95, Ventura— Alice McGregor,
Harriet Ley; alternates, Mary Rafetto, Josie
Kaiser. '- '"* ¦
Sans • Soucl No. 96, San Francisco— Alice I.
Munson, Lizzie O'Nell; alternates, Minnie F.
Dobbin, Emma Clarke. ... . : — . . . ..
Reichling No. 97,' Fortuna— Henrietta Deer;
alternate, Lulu Mudgett. - v ,
Golden: Era No. 99, Columbia— Harriet M.
Fraser; alternate, Frances J. Arnold.
¦Conrad No. 101. Volcano— Annie Mclaughlin;
alternate, Delia Reeves Gllllck. ...
Alell No. 102, Salinas City— Nathalae Clark,
Anna Wyatt; alternates, Florence Blanchard..
Josle Connor. • ' * _
I Calaveraa I No. 103, San ' Francisco— Sophie
Struts. Agnes McVerry. • l.
Pine Burr No. 104, Colfax— Uzzle McCul
lough; alternate,. Augifc Bradley.
Copa <1e Ch-o No. Kw, Hollister— Ida M.. Green;
alternate. Mary B. Kingot. •• . ¦'•-
'Aloha No. 106. Oakland— Carrie Landregan;
alternate, Delphine Sisterna. ,
Geneva No. 107, Camanche— Louise A. Welt
hoft: alternate, Mamie E. Tlerney.
San Lulsita No. - 108, San Luis Oblapc— Anna
Kluver. -Josephine Rosellp; alternates, Kath
leen Hourlhan, Nellie Thompson >. . . t -
La Bandero . No. 110, Sacramento— Barbara
Wood, Barbara Bell; alternates,-Oertruda-Tap
pan, Zoe JohnBon. ¦ ¦•••<:•¦¦>;' ¦¦-. .
Sutter No. Ill, Sacramento— Lottie Moose. Ida
Crowell ; alternates, , Marie ColemHn, . Mary
Thomas. ' ' .¦'¦'--'
San ' Andreas No. 113, San Andrea*— Louise
Toon; alternate, Mattle C. ,Hanscom. -c.;-.»
Darlna ; No. 114, San Francisco— - — Carroll,
Edwards, Bailey. ¦. -
I Los Plmlentos . No. * 115. Santa Paula— Anna
Henderson; alternate, Mary L. Egenhoff.
La Paloma No. 116, Gilroy— Bertha Babb;-al
ternate, Lulu Rohr."-
Viralla • No. ' * 117, .' Vl»flJia— Florence " Kimball ,
alternate. Julia Levy. .
¦ La Veepero No* 1 118, ¦ San Ftanclseo— Nellie < R. .
Boege, Mary T. Desroeler; alternate, Annie H.
McDqnough, Mary McCormack. .
Ema Crockett No. -119, Crockett— Susie
Gardener. >
• Mount ¦ Datrn No. 120, Sawyers Bar— Carrie
Klein; "alternate. Pauline Meyer. ; ¦„-- ¦
Greenwood No. • 121. 1 Greenwood— Alice Walch.
Hay wards No. • 122, Haywards— Kate Larkin
Cassity; • alternate * Nellie Custer Arnold.
Los ' Angeles No. ' 124, ' ¦ Los Angeles— Anna
Dempsey ; alternate. L. K.'. Foster. - ; - - . ¦.
Oakdale No. 125. Oakdale— Ida Spnml Barkle,
Cecelin H. Kahn; alternates,^Abble .U. -Car
machael, Mabel Threefall. -. ,. , ,
Mrs. ; Emma ; ' G. * Foley, who had been
mentioned as a candidate for grand vice
president,' declares that she -' will : not ' run
for the office-. ¦ ¦-:¦;. • . - ¦ ¦; -.--¦. -¦ -•¦;•¦•'
Occident No. 28, Eureka— Francas Rose, Eliz
abeth Tibbetts; alternates, Ella Devoy, Clara
L. Campbell. - ¦ .
Manzanita No. 29, Grass .¦Valley— Lizzie Free
man, Teresa Provis, Alison F. Watts; alters
nates, Maggie Allen, Mary Walsh, Hattle Me-
Cauley.
Angellta No. 32, Livermore— Mary Harp." ••
El Pajara No. 35, Watsonville— Lizzie Wiley,
Mary Ashton; alternates, ¦ Lucia Graham, Alice
Leland. - r
Naomi No; 38. Downievllle— Helene M>Wehe;
alternate, Teresa Oldham. :
Chi spa No. 40, lone— Addle Bagley.
Camellia No. 41, Anderson— Alice M. Dodson;
alternate, Annie McKinnon.
Sierra No. 42, Dutch Flat— Mary Waters; al
ternate, Mamie Niles.
Ruby No. 46; Murphys— Minnie Tanner; alter
nate, Nettie Martell. .-.'.' .
Golden State No. 50, San . Francisco— TIHie
Ducker; alternate, Millie Tletjen.
1 Eltapome No. 55, WeaverviUe— Ethel Wood
bury; alternate, Mattle ' H. Hupp.
Santa Cruz No. 26, Santa Cruz— Anna M.
Linscott, Carrie Startler; alternates, Lena
Gaukroger, Arista K. Swan. ' *
Califla No. 22, Sacramento— Adda G. Bow
man, Mary Woods. Amy Greenlaw. Belle. John
ton; alternates, Kate Biewener, Belle Prouty,
Nellie Dunlap, Mattle Shirland. ' .
La Esperanza No. 24, : Los Angeles— Susie
Busslni. -.
r • The following- 1 is ;the{ list jj of the dele
gates and alternates chosen by the differ
ent; parlors of tb.e <Native Daughters of
the; Golden West to represent them in the
Grand Parlor that Is to convene in Sacra
mento on Tuesday next: .. - *.•
i . Ursula No. 1, Jackson— Ella Caminetti, Rose
Podesta; alternates,' Nellie Glnocchio, Delia
. Gorman.
I 'Minerva" No. 2, Son Francisco — Mary Creigtu"
Mlnnle Wall; alternates, Carrie Creigrh, Helena
Wilson. . • , ...-=. . — - y'
Alta No. 3, San Franclsco-^Mabel A. Miller,
Anna . Brown, Eliza 1). Keith, Elizabeth F.
Douglas, Agnes Thornagle, Ida M. Kervan;
alternates, /Mary Noonan, Louise Auredon,
Emma Fraser, Ella Marshall, Lou Frittenbach,
Sarah Brackett. .
Joaquin No. 5, Stockton— E. Rose Gnekow,
Estelle M. Condy, Minnie H. Hllke; alternates,
Josephine Hogan, Maggie Graven, Ethel Wil
ley. ... ¦ ,-.¦•- . - . .
Laurel No. 6, Nevada City— Lillian Mallen,
Mary Martin, Clara Moore; alternates, Clara
Phillips, Emma Rogers, Belle Douglass.
Oro Flno No. i 9, San Francisco— Evelyn An
derson, Nellie Mulcay; alternates, Annie Flem
ing, Julia Wright. . •
Bonita No. 10, Redwood City— Sophie Offer
man; alternate, Mary Townsend. '
Marguerite No. 12, Placerville— Bertha Heeg,
Eugenia Strieker; alternates, Laura Jewell,
Louise Sheppard. >¦ '->
Esctaol No. 16, Napa— Ella Flaherty; alter
nates, Elaine Nussberger.
Alameda No.' 18, Alameda— Ida Kellburg; al
ternate, • Sophie L. Schroeder.
1 Ramona No. 21, Martinez— Maud L. Scott;'al
ternate, Aga G. Lander.
List Is Composed of Bepre?
sentative Women of the
State.
Native Daughters Select
Delegates to Go to
Sacramento.'
WILL REPRESENT
THEIR PARLORS
'NEW- YORK, '.June' 5.^-General Balling-*
ton : Booth of :• tlie -Volunteers of America
has. -been: initiated into the - mysteries of
Masonry in , the ; lodge at ' Montclair, ¦ N,"» J.
Ballingtbn Booth a Mason.
.Take a camera' when you ' go for ;*a vaca
tion or. on a ¦picnic. 1 You will never -for
get-the trip if, you have good* plates and
films. ¦;- Get your , supplies from Sanborn,
Vail & Co. and .you will be. sure ; to have
the best.. : \ ;' : , ¦¦• v . . • ¦ ,
717 Market Street, Near Third,
Where the great Factory Sale of Shoes
Is going on, you can buy ladies' and men's
(3.50 stylish and good shoes all this week
for J1.00 a pair. 717 Market; street, ¦ near
Third. -. • -.T;-? _--•--
KANSAS CITY, June 5.— A jury was se
cured this afternoon In the case of Lulu
Prince " Kennedy, charged with murdering
her husband, Philip ;* H. Kennedy, and
Prosecutor Hadley made his opening ad
dress. The courtroom was crowded and
the young prisoner attracted much atten
tion. She appeared despondent and indif
ferent by. turns, and when adjournment
until to-morrow was announced and i she
was returned to her cell; . she laughingly
bade her attorneys good-by." ¦ . ¦
Prosecutor Hadley ¦ said i that the. - State
would show that the prisoner's motive
for killing Kennedy was to avoid the pub
licity incident to the trial of the dead
man's suit to annul the marriage Into
which he alleged her, father and brothers
had forced him. If would also be shown/
he said, that another motive was to cover
up the conspiracy to .which the defendant
and her relatives were parties. The State
would ask * for a ; conviction in the j , first
degree, . but , If . th'e ¦ evidence showed ¦ that
Kennedy had made . a • show, of • resistance,
a'lesser degree' would be asked.
Prosecutor Hakes His Statement In
the Sensational, Case of Ziulu
Prince Kennedy.
WANTS HER CONVICTED
' OF DELIBERATE MURDER
SANTA FE, N. M., June 5.— Mariano
Quir.tana, the 10-year-old son of Reyes
Cjuintana, shot and killed his five-year
old sister at San Geronimo, San Miguel
County, because she did not have his din
ner ready for him when he wanted it.
Boy Murders His Sister.
aged and Is Taking a Much
> ' - Needed Rest. ' %".
• WASHINGTON. June 5.— For the first
time since Mrs. McKinley's illness the
President and her physicians to-day felt
encouraged over her condition. She is so
weak and worn by disease that they are
almost afraid to hope and the bulletin is
feued by Secretary Cortelyou at 11 o'clock
this morning, after th« consultation of
doctors, was of a tone less optimistic than
Was warranted by the state of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley's health. The bulletin was: "Mrs
McKJnleys physicians report that she has
had a very comfortable night and that
her general condition Is somewhat im
proved."
. This Improved condition has continued
throughout the day and eveninr. Mrs
McKinley is now sleeping naturally and if
this situation continues until to-morrow
It is believed that the physicians will be
9ble to report that there is hope of her
ultimate recovery. The warm weather
has had a beneficial effect. Mrs. McKin
ley's health is always better in hot
weather. The physicians will hold an
other consultation early to-morrow morn
ing. President McKintey is feeling a re
lief from the strain and Is to-night taklne
a much needed rest- ,
President Is Now Greatly Encour-
3THS. McKIITLEY IMPHOVES
'" AJSTD DOCTORS HAVE HOPE
DENVER, June 5.— The Western Feder
ation of Miners to-day elected officers for
the coming year as follows:- President,
Edward Boyce,* . Wardner, - Idaho; vice
"president, James j Wilkes, \ Nelson, B. ' C. ;
secretary treasurer, W. H^ Haywobd, Sil
ver i City, Idaho ; executive board, first
district, John C. Williams/: Silver C!ty,
Idaho; second district, .. John u Kelley,
Burke,. Idaho; third - district, Philip Bo
cen, Butte ; fourth district.. Thomas Sul
livan, Leadville, Col.,; —
•It was decided to establish permanent
headquarters of the federation in Denver.
There were 'three 1 cities in , the. "race for
this ¦ honor — Butte, • Denver and
The first vote stood: Butte," 135; Denver,
135 ; Ogden, 30."- On - the i second ballot the
vote stood: Denver. "¦ 155; Butte, 145. It
will be some weeks before. the change of
headquarters* will be made." The officers
of . the . federation • hope to secure for the
organization a building of ' itS'own. : . \ \
ft The executive i board, was Instructed to
draft a new. constitution and submit It to
the local 'branches of the organization \ by
January 1, 1902,- the vote on • it to be can
vassed by,'- next year's; convention. - ' The
iederation; will, hold another meeting to
morrow 9 morning. -• The executive ¦ board
of, tie .Western- Labor .Union . was In . ses
sion to-day. , ; *': 'Y • -. ; .' , •'_ * '
Grand. Duke and Princess to? Marry.
,: BERLIN, .; June 5.— Special "dispatches
from Vienna state'; that-the",, young ¦_ Grand
Duke of Weimar will shortly be betrothed
to \ Princess Alexandra 1 Louise,' daughter
of the Duke' of ' Cumberland and- Teviot
dale.r>' ¦ ¦ ¦-;•¦ ., .-' ' .'-.--- > ¦ "•;; . ¦ >. .¦•"¦¦¦,
manent Headquarters of the Or
ganization Are to Be Estab
lished in Denver. *
FEDEftATION OF- 1ONEES .
• ' - > ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
SACRAMENTO, June 5.'-^Andrew Ross,
an ; aged f citizen^ of ,-this place, "fell 'from : a
window at his residence this morning and
was killed, his' skull- being 'crushed upon
a' stone' pavement. .' Ross was"a . paralytic
and it" is believed % that: he became dizzy
while opening' a r window j and ? fell > out. ..¦
Tails From a Window;
PACIFIC • GROVE; June 6.-G.; H. Yost
of : Palo Alto had a narrow escape ' from
drowning while »boatlng on Monterey " Bay
yesterday with his little daughter. When
near Chinatown 'Point, the boat- struck
on a submerged rock, and> a* heavy roller
striking it at the same time, it overturn
ed . and I the occupants were - thrown.- out.'
Fortunately,- < a second ¦ roller threw * the
boat against the rock ,so" that. Mr.. Yost
was able to right it and pull himself and
little girl out of. the water. People .on
shore saw the accident and- at 'oncer sent
a boat to their rescue,. and'.nothing more
serious than a wetting was the result. ¦
Barely .Escapes Drowning.
Moulton • was infatuated " with the • ac
tress, but they had quarreled. He failed
to hit her, but. he did shoot A. F. Ding
wall and John D. Lefflngwell, theatrical
managers, - who were seated at * a 1 table
with Miss Buckley. Lefflngwell's wound
was slight, but Dingwall was badly hurt,
and was obliged" to remain- in a' hospital
for some •weeks.' After the shooting it
became known: that Moulton, who ¦ was
very deaf, had been ' addicted for a long
time to the use of drugs and that the
drugs had . played such I havoc -with - him,
both physically and' mentally, that; his re
covery was doubtful.- His* mother came
to New. York from the family home in
Tennessee, and " has remained • with him
up to ¦ the present time. , '.•¦_•• -' ¦¦
NEW YORK, June 5.— It ¦ was ; learned
to-day that Richard Hayden Moulton, the
young man who attempted. to -shooti May
Buckley, an actress, about . two s months
ago in a Broadway rathskeller, was in
dicted on Monday last by the grand Jury
under the name of Richard H. Morris," on
the complaint of John D. Lefflngwell.
Yesterday he was discharged on his own
recognizance by Judge ¦ Cowing. To-day
Moulton was removed from the prison
ward in Bellevue Hospital to another
ward in the same hospital. He wfllibe
taken south in a short time by his moth
er. ": . '. . ¦ • •
May Buckley, Will Go to -the
South. •: *
ASSAILANT OF ACTHESS •• .
INDICTED BY GRAND JURY
Young Moulton, Who Tried to Shoot
BERLIN, June 5.— Count von Waldersea
left Taku yesterday on. board the German
cruiser Hertha,- for Kob«. Japan.
i LJ Hung Chang has sent an urgent de
mand to General Ma to hasten 10,000 Chi
nese troops to central Chill province,
which is now being evacuated by the
allies. .
The Franco-German government of Pao
tingfu has been abolished and the native
authorities have resumed jurisdiction.
The Ministers have informed the Chi
nese plenipotentiaries that they will re
fuse to permit provincial examinations in
Peking to Paotingfu. They will, however,
agree to allow metropolitan or national
examinations, but not at points where
provincial examinations ,are not per
mitted. - . . ¦ ¦ -
Chinese Troops for Chili.
It Is reported the Germans and Japan
ese, having transferred their sections to
the Chinese, proceeded to indulge In indis
criminate looting and other unseemly
acts. The Chinese have reauested the
British to • prevent similar occurrences
when they' transfer their section. - -
The Italian Minister has received a re
port-from. Father Bearmin, -an Italian
priest in Shansi, • that fourteen Belgian
priests. at Mingtioliang, in. Southern Mon
golia, are in danger of massacre,' together
with all their male converts. Native
Christian girls j taken In Mongolia have
been sold to work for the troops of Prince
Tuan and General Tuns Fu Slang, who
are now centered at Yulin, In Northern
Shansi. ••".. • • • . ••
¦" ;¦< '¦"¦*: _ ' !_¦•¦".
Indiscriminate Looting.
Last nighOa large flre. occurred in the
Forbidden City. The BoaAl of Records
building was destroyed, . together with
most of the records it contained/The Jap^
anese, who were guarding^ the west gate
adjoining the building, made fruitless at
tempts to extinguish the flames. The
heaviest thunderstorm that has occurred
here for many years prevailed last night,
and it is supposed the flre was caused by
lightning. A strange coincidence is that
an edict was recently reported to have
been issued to destroy all records of the
various departments in Peking. . Whether
this report be true or- not, the fire may
tend to induce the court to remain away.
PEKING, June 5.-The Chinese Plenipo
tentiaries have held a conference to de
cide, as to how edicts are to be published
announcing the amount of indemnity to
be paid and ordering the setting apart of
revenues to meet the payments. -No deci
sion was- reached. '-. - ' ¦ : • ¦-;
.The United States, while falling, to se
cure a* reduction of the total amount of
indemnity,- with which attempt other
powers. had no sympathy, has consented
to reduce the amount of her claim by
half, demanding onlpr enough to meet ex
penses in connection with the transporta
tion "of her troops. ' The British have
taken similar action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
America and England
Demand Only Cost
• of Troops.
CLAIMS ARE CUT
BY TWO NATIONS
Special Dispatch to The -Call.
¦ 'i-/; .! •¦ i - . ' •
UKIAH. June 5.— The town of Willits,
twenty-four miles north of Ukiah, was
practically destroyed by fire this after
noon. The fire started, in a blacksmith
shop in the northern part of town, and,
urged bya brisk wind,,- it was soon com-,
muuicated-to other buildings*. There be
ing no waterworks or lire apparatus,
nothing could be done to stay the ad
vance of the flames.
Three hotels— the Palace, the Little,
Lake and the Occidental;- three livery,
stabies, several stores and saloons, shops,
etc., were soon destroyed. In fact, the
only business buildings left standing were
Irvine & Muir's brick store, the Odd Fel
lows' building and one or two stores.
Nine or ten residences were burned.
Quite a number of- houses were new and
some of -them uncompleted. . Willits has
enjoyed a substantial boom for several
months, as it is soon to be the terminus
of the California Northwestern Railway.
Buildings have . been going up on. every
hand and the town has been crowded with
people. The losses are, very heavy ' and
the. insurance light. Many new stores had
recently been opened, several Ukiah mer
chants having established branches there.
The fire will be quite a backset to. the
town temporarily, as it was difficult to
procure lumber for the buildings already
under way. Rebuilding will- begin soon
and progress as rapidly as possibly. The
railroad extension will reach Willits
about September and it is expected the
town will continue to grow.
The following is a -list' of the-- losses so
far reported: Hughes ,& Hale, , general
merchandise, $1500, no insurance; J.- C.
Stay, general , merchandise, $750; Dr.
Charles Chalfant, dental tools and '.fur
niture, $100: F. L. Mozier, blacksmith
shop, $250; N; Vincent, ' blacksmith 'shop
and residence, $3000; X-Ray Printing of
fice, $300;. W. Whited, Palace Hotel, $7000,
insurance $2000; J. Harms, butcher shop
and- building. $5000,- insurance $1500;. Ann
Loi gland, Little Lake Hotel, $6000. par
tially insured; H. Marks & Co., general
merchants, $750; Sam, Blodes, harness
6hop, $250. These do not include all of the
business places destroyed' or the numer
ous residences that the flames consumed.
Fire Leaves Few Build
ings Standing in the !
Town.
conflagration
VISITS WILLITS
redwood..' The materials will be wood and
concrete.' .-.' -32. J. ' Vogel " is the architect
who designed" the structure. .¦'.' •
-Work on. the buildings is to begin imme
diately. ' %¦«.-,;•. ;•• ¦•>•*.
Lyons had prepared his charges in writ
ten form and attested them before a No
tary Public, He announced his intention
of going before the Commissioners and
reading them at all hazards. The charges
were that the guardian had attempted to
make improper advances to the wife of
the complainant and had threatened the
complainant with loss of employment if
he made trouble. Efforts to get the wo
man out of the valley upon various pre
texts before the meeting of the Commis
sioners were alleged.
But Lyons did not present the charges,
despite all of his threats, and the Yo
semite Valley was spared its first scan
dal.
The annual " meeting , brought forth
nothing of moment except ¦ this burst
sensation. I Governor Gage did not attend
and Commissioners Kirkpatrick and Met
son and Clinch were absent. Those pres
ent were Vice President William G. Hen
shaw, W. W. Foote, Charles S. Glvens,
Frank H. Short and William G. Kerck
hoff. William G. Henshaw was re-elected
vice president and J. J. Lermen was re
elected secretary. , .. . .,
Besides granting all of the' old conces
sions the only business of importance was
the decision reached to expend all of the
llarlposa big tree grove fund- in the
grove at Wawona at. once. .This fund has
been allowed to accumulate of late. C. L.
Cory, who was instructed to prepare
plans for the proposed electric light
plant, for ¦which a special appropriation
was made by the last Legislature, ' re
ported a general plan, to include a power
station below Vernal Falls, a system I of
wires for the valley and a searchlight to
be thrown across the valley upon • Yo
semite Falls. This matter will be finally
settled at a future meeting to be held -in
San Francisco. Governor Gage will be
conferred with upon this, as he Is much
interested in the plan. ' . * i
For several days it has been open gos
sip that W. F. Lyons, who resides at the
Eleven Mile Station, would prefer
charges of a very serious nature 1 against
Guardian John F. Stevens. So far did it
go that Lyons left his position two days
ago and came into the Yosemite Valley,
so as to be before the Commissioners.
He announced • to many that he would
prefer written charges against Stevens,
affecting the attitude of the guardian
toward the wife of the man who was
making the complaint. Lyons told nearly
everybody in the Yosemite Valley that he
intended to bring an accusation of im
morality against the guardian and that
he would appear before the Commission
ers himself in support of it. But as the
meeting of the Commissioners drew near
Lyons' attitude changed.
The first session of the commission was
held thfe morning. Commissioner Frank
H. Short of Fresno asked that the elec
tion of officers go over until evening, giv
ing as his reason that certain matters
"which might cause trouble" could prob
ably be disposed of if the election were
postponed. Upon his suggestion the elec
tion was carried over until this evening,
and the regular concessions were all
granted as for last year.
During the afternoon when some of the
Commissioners were inspecting the pro
posed site of the new electric light plant
there "were several conferences with Lyons.
The result of these conferences was seen
at the meeting to-night, when Lyons'
charges were not presented and Guardian
Stevens was re-elected by a unanimous
vote.
YOSEMITE, June 6.— The sensation that
was expected to break at the annual
meeting of the Yosemite Valley Commis
sioners did not materialize to-night. The
old officials were re-elected without op
position and the charges that have been
talked about against Guardian John F.
Stevens were not presented.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Yosemite Guardian Ste
vens Not a Target
for Accusations.
SCANDAL KEEPS
IN BACKGROUND
PLANS have been prepared * and
contracts let for twelve flats and
four residences to be erected on
the north line of Thirteenth street
for F. W. Krone at a cost of $50,-
000. A plaza thirty feet wide will separate
the buildings In front from those in the
rear. The ; general style of architecture
will be . Ionic, with . large Ionic ! columns.
The . buildings will be finished in \ natural
VIEW OP THE FRONT ELEVATIONS OF THE $50,000 STRUCTURES TO BE'. EEECTED ON . THIRTEENTH
STREET, BEWEEN MISSION AND HOWARD, STREETS. THE WORK ON THE "BUILDINGS' IS TO COM
MENCE AT ONCE AND WILL BE RUSHED. ' , % • . J . . \. . . ,
SHOOTS SKYWARD
CLOUD OF VAPOR
Mare Island Explosion
Costs Uncle Sam
$600,000.
More Than Three Hundred
Tons of Smokeless Pow
der is Burned.
The smokeless powder was stored in
copper tanks and there was no possibility
of a. spark from the outside igniting it.
The greatest precautions are taken in
the handling of the powder and the ar
rangement of the magazine and no
chances are taken with the deadly stuff.
No iron is allowed on floor or on walls,
no Iron- tools are permitted, and when a
hammer is necessary a copper one or a
malle* is used. Even the men who enter
must put on Ions robes and change their
shoes for wooden sandals. All these pre
cautions are enforced in the magazines
of the navy on shore as well as on ship
board, and powder is handled as tenderly
as Venetian elass. . ..
The explosion was a peculiar one in
many ways. Smokeless powder may be
ignited in the open air and it will burn
plowly with a fizz and a sputter, but
¦when confined even in the slightest de
cree it bursts all restraint and thunders
through everything in its way. it was
believed that the flimsy roof over the
magazine- might cause pressure enough
to madden the forces of the burning pow
der, but it seems it did not. The roof
was made as flimsy aa possible for just
that purpose, but the powder was not be-
Heved to be as tame as it was. It simply
lifted the roof and then burned between
/the walls, slowly for powder, but rapidly
.enough to finish the Job it was at The
cloud that arose after the explosion was
Yiot smoke, but a thin vapor, and it took
the form of pmoke because there was so
much of it. It is not often that 325 tons
'of powder are allowed to . burn - all at
once. The vapor disappeared in a few
moments and the magazine walls and
some burning grass were all that told of
the explosion. *
The total loss will probably reach $500,
000. •
Explosion a Peculiar One.
An eye-witness of the explosion says
the column of vapor stood up from the
site of the magazine like a tremendous
balloon, and, as he stood on the Vallejo
side of the channel, he could see flashes
flame cutting through the column from
base to crest. He felt no shock and
heard no noise, and he believes he was
led to look in the direction of the maga
zine by the first flash of the explosion.
That the explosion occurred so early in
the morning accounts for the fact that
there were no lives lost. After 8 o'clock
from fifteen to twenty men are continu
ally at work in the vicinity of the maga
zine and sometimes inside of it. Had the
explosion been delayed two hours and a
half it is certain that some of these men
would have been killed.
The fire alarm was quickly turned in
and from the Alert, the Philadelphia, the
Independence and the marine barracks
poured hundreds of men, all organized
into tire brigades and ready for duty.
Commander Thomas Phelps, commander
of the Alert, took charge of the fire bri
gade and he soon had the men at work
controlling the flames that were consum
ing what was left of the magazine and
the grass on the hillside near it. They
were fearful that the blaze would spread
to the black powder magazine and knowl
edge of what would happen did it get
that far lent strength to their energy.
The yard tug Unadilla and a corps of
jmen from the department of yards and
docks assisted and within a few hours
the fire was quenched.
Near the wharf and but a hundred
yards away from, the explosion is the
shell house, and near to that Is the
packing house where the shells are charg
ed. . Neither of them was injured in the
least. And within 500 feet of the smoke
less powder magazine stands another in
which Is stored 800,000 pounds of black
powder, and this was not touched. Had
the black powder been ignited it would
have exploded in the old fashioned way,
and there is not a house lor miles around
but would have felt the shock. Buildings
on the island would have been wrecked,
the whole powder station demolished and
the town of Vallejo shaken as fcy an
earthquake.
Black Powder Not Ignited.
VALLEJO, June 5.— The vapor from
650,000 pounds cf burning smokeless pow
der flew skyward at 6 o'clock £hls morn-
Ing from the magazine ' at " the end of
Mare Island, snd formed a column of
white 1500 feet high. There was no shock
and no noise; no men were killed or in
jured and very little property, was de
stroyed; but in the space of a few seconds
$580,000 worth of powder had eaten itself
up and the people in the town of Vallejo,
not a half mile across the strait, had not
been jarred into a knowledge of what had
happened.
No one knows what caused the explo
sion. It is attributed • to gases which
formed from the powder and was ignited
in one of the mysterious ways that make
explosions so much of a puzzle. There
was a watchman on duty, but he was not
near enough to the scene to know of
what happened just before the powder
ignited, and while a board of officers will
be appointed to investigate, it is not prob
able that any explanation will be found.
The remarkable feature of the explo
sion is the small damage done. The new
smokeless powder used by the navy is a
composition in which guncotton figures
largely, and the composition is one hav
ing tremendous power when ignited un
der certain conditions. There were other
conditions present to-day, however, for
all the damage done was to the magazine
in which- the powder* was stored. The
walls of the magazine were of brick and
the roof was a light one of metal. When
the powder was ignited it tore the roof
from the walls and sent the fragments
flying just as a cyclone might have done,
and then the powder burned itself out
without doing any more damage. Just
over the ridge from the burning maga
zine was the house in which Gunner Hal
ford, who is in charge of the magazine,
lives with his family. His house was not
damaged, but his wife and children were
so frightened they ran out of the build
ing and took lefuge farther over the
ridge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAjST FKAJtfCISfcO CALL;* THURSDAY, JUNE 6, 1901.
2
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. •
• ." Steamers leave Broadway
tet Wharf, San Francisco:
yjaifc^;.. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
' iKmuGS^ June 5, 10, li, CO. 25. 30, July
*!$Jr»2*5*k 5 - Chance to company's
*&. sSw3 steamers at Seattle.
SwVSJKfl Va€ For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
I A^rai C>, Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^SsaSSM Tacoma. Everett, Anaaorrci
iv and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
"* 11 a. m.. June 5, 10. 15. 20. 23. SO,
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter. Changa
at • Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
lor N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
for Eureka and Humboldt Bay — 1:30 p. m.,
June 2. 7, 3X 18. M. C8. July 1, and every fifth
day thereafter. *
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays. 9 a. m ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port H*rford
(San .Luis Oblano). . Gaviota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. 'Newport ("Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonita. Tuesdays,
9 a.'ra. '> ' • '?
For'Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Row-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 ¦- m.. 7th each
month. " " • ". •
For further Information, obtain company^ s
folders. . . '. -¦
The company reserves th» right to chanjr*
steamers, salllne date* and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFF1CE-4 New Montifomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O.R.&N. CO.
Only Steamship Xtix&o to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through ffcketa.to all
points, nil rnJl «r Kteamshio nnd rail, at 5
LO'WKST HATES.
BTEAMEK TICKETS ISCLUDE BSHTH and KS&L9.'
SS. COLUMBIA.. .Sails June 12, 22. July 2, 12. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER JL
Sails June 7. 17> 27. July 7. 17. 27
P.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
jp KisraisHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
a«r First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received " on board on
day of • sailing. --* •~-*/i»*.iS^\: ••:*,.
SS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday, June 22. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.. ."Wednesday. July 17. 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU. .Saturday. Aug. 10. 1301
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanics.s.co. sssaas
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
'. Saturday, June S. 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
-New Zealand and Australia
- •• ............Thursday. June 2<V 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
j "Wednesday, June 28, at 4 p. m.
J. B.SPHECKELS & BROS. CO.. fiaoeral Agents, 327 Harbt St
feo'l Passenger QfSss, B43 Market St., Piar Is. 7. Pacific U .
COMPAGNIE OENSBAL'S TRAM3ATLANTIQU2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . .f^te
Sailing every Thursday^Jnstead ot <J^r»S
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier «. --^wftJ*,.
North River, foot 'of Morton^street. *La Lor- X
ralne, June 13: *L*Aqultalne, June 20; La
Bretagne. June 27; La Champagne. July 4.
First class to Havre, £» and upward. Second
class to ¦ Havre. ' M5 and . upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York.' J. F. FUGAZI &- CO., Paciflc Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sojd by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
. ( "Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PANAMA iti'iS? .
TO NEW YORK YIA-- PANAMA 'DIRECT.- .
Cabin, $105; Steerage, f-*O.
S. S. Arftyll " sails Monday, Juno 24
S.S.Lee!anaw satis Monday, July IS
S. S. Argyll ", sail*" Monday. AojJ. H
-.From Harrison-street "Wharf at 2 p. in. ,
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Paciflc Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso. . . stdpplng at . Mexican.' Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
streef wharf. -12 -m* ¦¦' - - ' • . .
PALENA June ? J TTTCAPEL . . . ..June 27
COLOMBIA ....Junel2|AREQUIPA ....July..
These steamers. are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or. Panama.) Freight
and passenger. offlc?. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. • Gum KlE Jfc . CO.. Gen. Agent'*.
BAY AND EJLVEit BTEAMEB3.
FQR V U. S. NAVY -TOD : ; AMD > YALLEJD.
v Steamen GEN. .FRISBp: or MONTICELLO :
" 9:45 a. m.,' 3:15 and -8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day-' Sunda.y.-- 9^45; a..' m., 8:30 p. m. leaves
Vallejo 7 a. ¦ m., 12:30 noon. . 6 p. m., except "
Sunday. Sunday. 7a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
.cents.- Telephone Main IMS. ¦ Landing and of-
fice..pler 2. Missien-gt.- dock. HATCH BROS.
IW w 111 BerYeap
Leading Business College of the West.
24 Post 6t . San Francisco, Cal. ; . ' .
"" :• Established nearly 40 years. . ~" •>
"Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
MISS" M, G. BARRETT'S
, SHORTHAND ACADEMY,*
' 302 Montgomery st.. San Francisco,' Cal. y
Lessons personally or "by mat I. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system.".'
THF HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
' , . SAN RAFAEL. CAL. ' ¦"•
Military Drill. Chriatmas Term Begins
August 14th.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
., ¦ A THOROUGH- SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
306 Larkin st. Illustrated catalogue.
. • : R. L. DURflAM. President
Dr-Lyon's
perfect;^ •
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
for saLe :^
Improved Farm of 2000* Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera County. *?&$.
For particulars address FARM. 113 Marks t
Street. S. F. "~ ' ' . .
DR. BALL'S REINVIGORATORmTftl
Five hundred reward for any MsTtStiM
case we cannot cure. This secret < •¦Sy
remedy stops all losses In Zl hours. M Hi
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- WSm K2
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits. RTTl CMll
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all jfaU* UaVj
wasting effecta of self-abuse or PRkL_JSS
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 ¦o^s»jb™e
bottles, $5, guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL . INSTITUTE, 855
Broadway, Oakland,- Cal. Also for sale at 1073%
Market St., S. F. All > private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. . ' - . ¦ ;
:-ja^DEWEY t SrROWG&CO>^.'-
R />)
OCEATT TRAVEL •
AMERICAN LINE.
KSW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. J LONDON/ PABI3.
¦ ' '- Stopping at . Cnerbourjr. westbound.
v From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. .Paul.'...... ..June 19 St. Louis... July 17
8t. Louis.'. V.;... June W St. '-.Paul. .....August 7
'St. Paul.. ...... .July 10 St." Louis.. ...August 14
RED STAR LINE. ' .
'jNewYork and Antwerp.
From New, Tork Every "Wednesday, 13 noon. ¦".
Frleeland .......June 12|Kenslngton .....July 3
Bouthwark ..:..June 19|«Zeeland .^'.....July 10
•Vaderland ...... June 2SlFriesland July 17
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound. '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.. 30 Montgomery. st
HAMBURC-AMERicAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express. Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
DEUTSCHLAND .. ...:«IUISE 13. IP. M.
A. Victoria.. ... June 20|F. Bismarck July 4
Columbia .:*:...June 27lDeutschland ....July 1J
Twin-Screw Passengir.- service. ' ".- -. '¦
¦ PLYMOUTH-^-CHERBOURG-^HAMBURG. '•.
"Waldersee:.."-June 1S| Pennsylvania I: June 29
Bulgaria .......June 22lPretoria ;.:......July 6
hamburg-AmerlcaoLlna, 67 B'viQy.ti.t.
¦'¦¦ HBRZOG & CO.", General Agents for Paciflc
Coast,«401 Calif ornia.et.:^ ¦¦-'¦ .-' : ¦*
FOR TELLER • CITY direct, Nome' and GOL-
"i OFNIN BAY— Steamer Bessie K," now at Har-
-' rison-street "Wharf. ' to sail . soon. ¦ . For rate, of
. freight, 7 permits :&nd other . particulars.^ apply
to James R." "Watson, 421 Market street,* rooms
79 ana 71. ¦ «
NEW/ PtTBIiICATIONS.
It Can Only Be Had Where There la
: . No Dandrtift/ , ".
Any., man ; : or .woman . T^ho, wants . soft,
glossy ;'. hair '¦¦ must I be f ree ' of dandruff,
¦which '¦ causes : falling: I hair.' ; Since . it • has
bedome known"; that : dandruff is ; a ? germ
disease; the \old ; hair V prepara tiohs, , tha t
were • mostly/, scalp C irritants, k have '¦ been
abandoned, and r. the ,' public, „ barbers ; : and
doctors •" Included/ • have * '; taken :-¦ to ; : u^ing
Newbro's Herpicide, ' the only hair prepar-
ation % that $ kills " the < dandruff ;•¦ germ. * E.
Dodd;" Dickinson; N.^D.; 1 says: - "Herpicide
not' "only; cleanses the scalp :from i.dandroff
and : prevents -.; the i hair's ¦ falling ¦ out, ; but
promotes a new srrOwth; V: Herpicide Keeps
my; halr;very floBsjr.'t;:~: < '
SOET, GLOSSY SJJS.. \
_ : . . ;. _ ._. L _ >: ADVEBTISZjgENT^, _ . _ ~_ :^f^jL^~~~WHITNEY'S VOLODYOVSKI WINS DERBY IN RECORD TIME.
. Correct form: dictates -the , ; use* of 'the
"Old English" style of engraving for vis
iting' cards," wedding invitations 'and an
nouncements. ' We make a- specialty, of
this style of engraving. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.; 741 Market street. - ¦.. .•„>
NW r Style of Visiting? Cards.
HONOLULU, May 26.— A Japanese mur
der Is reported from Lahalna, island of
Maul. Klaemoto, a Japanese laborer. Is
in Jail charged with having stabbed his
wife to death because she refused to re
turn to him after he had sold her to an
other Jap. After the sale the I purchaser
refused to pay part of the purchase price,
being dissatisfied with the woman. ., Klae
moto then tried to Induce • the woman to
return to him, but she refused.- He
stabbed her several times In the neck and '
sh« died three days after. * •
Enraged Becausa the Unfortunate
Woman Bef used to Return
to Him.'
JAPANESE MTJEDEES
THE WIFE HE SOLD
plate. . Castilian came In second, and
Dixie (Maher) finished third.
Among the prominent persons present
were Mr. and Mrs. Percy Belmont, who
arrived in Leopold Rothschild's coach
and viewed the race from the Jockey Club
stand; the -Earl and Countess of "Essex
(formerly Miss Beach Grant of New
York), the Duke and Duchess of Devon
shire, the Duke and Duchess of Portland,
the Marquis and Marchioness of London
derry; the Earl and Countess «,of Derby,'
Mr. and Mrs. . Foxhall K^ene of New
York, . Lady - Curzon, and Prince Victor
Duleep Singh.
"GOOD, GOOD," SAYS WHITNEY.
Gives Credit of Victory to Volodyov
ski's American Trainer.
NEW YORK, June 5.— When W. C.
Whitney, owner of 'Volodyovski, was in
formed to-day of Volodyovski' s victory in
NAVAL CADET
IS EXPELLED
Californian at Annapolis
< ' Suffers Swift Pun-- ' ;
"*; ishment.": '-; ": : J+\ : y.,
. ,"•/¦¦ ?- — — -C' ¦•'• ¦:.•••. ;.¦•¦¦¦:
'WASHINGTON, June 5.— Following.Tthe
example set at West Point the superin
tendent of the Naval Academy, i; has
caused, a cadet -to be dismissed for haz
ing. ¦• In this ' case, j however, ; that . of J Cal
vin Joy • Creassey, -of the fourth class,. of
California,, the ' accused • was tried'; by
court-martial and regularly
The statement in the 'case made public; at
thcV Navy. Department is as follows: ¦;
! -.~ "The court-martial -before which Naval
Cadet Calvin Joy Creassey, fourth class,
was tried June 3, convened by the super
intendent of the Naval Academy pursu
ant . to the authority, vested in him by
the act of Congress ; approved June . 23,*
1875, ' having found the specification of the
charge preferred against him proved, and
that he was guilty of the charge, 'viola
tion of the act ' of Congress . approved on
the 23d day, of June,; 1875, to prevent haz
ing ' at the . Naval ¦ Academy, 1 and said
court" having;, recommended that he 'be
dismissed from; : the .Naval.. Academy,
which recommendation was approved by
-the "-v superintendent, : v he * was • dismissed
from the academy accordingly.". ¦ v >:
.The details of the court-martial, are not
made public,- but it is understood that the
dismissed cadet was discovered in the act
of I hazing a . junior in his • room by com
pelling him to stand on his head. -•, It was
suspected | that the practice : might spread
rapidly, so drastic and speedy action was
¦had as a deterrent.
Succumbs to , Injuries.
STOCKTON, ; June 6.— John Brown,' the
10-^ear-old [/cyclist .- i'who - collided 'with
Car Motorman A. 'Cotton on Sunday even
ing,^ died • of his injuries to-day. Cotton
is ; suffering <- from » a ~* fractured c skull « and
may. die. .tHe hadjust steppedon* his car
when the boy and wheel collided with him.'
'¦•".-Vir.'"' . : '*-' ;. ; . ¦ v* ' ;: ' : ' ' :¦:-.¦:'¦¦•-":¦- ; .
JUDGE STOPS
A LIBEL SUIT
Mrs. JRToodbury Loses in
CHristian Scientist "
- M '. r . •** - Uase. '" : . --. - r 
-.BOSTON, June.. 5.— Judge;. Charles ,T7.*
¦ Bell this • afternoon \ brought f to \a? sudden'
aiid unexpected^ehd^tbe»fambus'*?150,0d0
libel suit brought by Mrs. ,' Josephine Cur
tis Woodbury of Boston against the Rev.
Mary, Baker G. Eddy | of Concord, J N.-.H.,
the J founder and " present - head of the
Christian Scientist church. '; He said:
."I have examined this libel i case with
great care,.^both ;" while K the arguments
were ¦ going on and" during the trlal.-.^ I
think the plaintiff has sustained her case
upon j the i matter* of publication. ,As re T
gards the publication in. the church,' there
is ' no 'evidence that any . one there .under-'
stood the alleged libel as applying to; the
plaintiff, ;so ' that she; could not ¦ recover
damages upon this > count, ; because \ she
has shown no . in'jury from it. .
. - "Taking the ; libel . Itself , - 1 see nothing
• which can -In' any .way : be said to * indicate
the' plaintiff in the first part; of ..the libel. v
The ;only thing in the. libel, ; it , seems to
met* which \ can be by * any • reasonable in
terpretation r said to j serve v as ; means of
identification ' are the : words .twidow'- and
'widowhood,'. -which: occur in.", the - latter
part of the message. I have come to tlie
conclusion ;that • even the reference does
not '¦¦ absolutely : ; Identify/ the i plaintiff. \: It
seems : ; to " me sthaf.the: plaintiff ; ; has -not
made out a case there which 'I, can let go
.to ; the '• Jury. V; I- shall- therefore be obliged
to order, a verdict; for. the ; defendant."
v The ,V jury, which had ¦been v excluded
while V, the arguments >, were >belng' made,
was: summoned ; to ; the '. courtroom. ."'After
, explaining briefly the cause for his course
"Judge i Bell '. ordered ' the jury to find < for
: the defendant, which it ; did in ". the usual
• form.' ' ; -v .v:.::..:-;y .--¦.* ¦, . .-.'¦¦• .
' - Loafers ¦ seem to have a ; grudge against
all men who are busy. - . ¦.¦¦¦-, ,
MODESTO, June 5.— Mrs. , Annie Brear-f
cliff of Red Bluff died on a train this
afternoon near Modesto while en route
hem*.,. from Los Angeles, . where she had
be^v with her -husband to be treated for
consumption. < She was 24 years old and
a. native of Missouri.
— :
Expires on a Train.
the English Derby, he said :
"Good, good. Isn't it splendid for an
American at his first try to win, the classic
English Derby?"
."Would you rather it had been Prince
Charles?" .
"Oh, very much, of course. He is one of
my own and American bred, but it upholds
Ihe United States against the world and
continues our triumphal progress. I am
more than delighted as it Is."
"Do you intend to bring Volodyovski to
America?" he was asked. ~
"No, he is an English horse and will re
main in England. Volodyovski is owned
by Lady Meux, and I have leased him un
til the end of next year." A great deal of
credit for Volodyovski's victory Is due. to
Iluggins, the American trainer, who prac
tically made the horse. He took him as
a two-year-old and trained him success
fully until he was a three-year-old. It is
the first time- an American- trainer has
been successful In training a Derby win
ner." .
REDDING, June 5.— George C. Carson, a
mining man of experience In Northern
California and recently employed as su
perintendent of. the Boulder mine in the
Echo Lake district, has Invented a pro
cess for . the manufacture " of steel. It
consists of a carbon blowpipe, through
the operation of which pigirqn may be
converted into steel as it leaves ¦ the
cupola furnace. Mr. Carson has taken
advantage of several chemical properties,
a technical recital of which would only be
wearisome to the average' mind, and ¦ by
their operation has produced a plan for
the manufacture of steel which is claimed'
to bo far ahead of the Bessemer process.
Mr. Carson has been ! several years in
perfecting his • invention. . As . soon as his
patents were applied -for; he' was ap
proached by a person whom he will ¦ not
name, but whom he believes to represent
the steel trust, and offered $600,000 for his
process. The terms of the offer were that
he .would be given that immense sum for
absolute control of his patents, providing
they were issued and the process /proved
anything like what is claimed for it. To
test the plan -the agent offered to con
struct a plant near. Chicago. The entire
offer has been ¦ accepted by. the Inventor
and? he. is now only awaiting the comple
tion of the plant to go back to Illinois and
conduct the testa. ¦ ' • - *
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
Californian's Invention
Excels Bessemer
Process.
CHANGES PIGIRON
TO FINEST STEEL
The starters ' were VolodyovskI • (L.
Reiff), Floriform, Handicapper (Martin);
Revenue. William III, Royal Rogue,- Ver
onez. Sang Bleu, Wargrave, Pletermar
itzburg, H. R. H., Veles, Ian, Royal
George, Cottager, Olympian (Henry), Or
chid. Tantalus (Maher), Lord Bobs, St.
MacLou, Rustic, Dorecles, Clacquer,
Prince Charles II (Turner) and Osboch.
. The betting was 5 to 2 against Volody
ovskI, 100 to 7 against William. Ill, and
40 to 1 against Veronez.
The Nadlne colt (Maher) won the Ju
venile plate of . 200 sovereigns for two
year-olds,-distance five furlongs. Twelve
horses ran. :
Disdainful (Jenkins) won the Bannore
List of tll»~ Starters.
lamented death of Queen Victoria this
son of Florizcll II would have carried tho
colors of the KJnp. .
Continued From Page One.
NEW YORK. June 5.— The liauor tax
certificate held by J. J. Corbett. the
pugilist, was revoked to-day by Justice
Kreedman of the Supreme Court on con
sidering the report of Alfred Page as
referee in a proceeding brought for the re
vocation of the license by the Rev. J. Q.
A. Henry, superintendent of the New York
Anti-Saloon t^eague^
Corbett Loses His License.
.The sentences were on account of an af
fidavit which, the attorneys attempted to
read and file in Humpreys' court to show,
on motion for a change - of venue, the
Judge's: alleged personal bias. against Edi
tor Smith of the Advertiser, who was In
dicted by the Grand Jury for perjury. In
the storm raised by. these proceedings the
Grand Jury's investigations of the bribery
charges have been lost sight of, but the
jury is still in session and is believed to be
getting close to some bribery cases. l
The affidavit, of which the introduction
was adjudged to be contempt, was sworn
to by Smith and presented in , court by
Hartwell, Kinney and . Ballou, Kinney
reading it to the Judge. "• It purported to
relate facts showing the personal relations
of Smith and the Judge and told of offers
the latter made to Smith of a position as
editor: of the Honolulu Republican, in
which Humphreys is a stockholder, which
offers were rejected.
When the attorney reached a statement
that the defendant's relations with the
Judge had enabled him to become ac
quainted with his "inordinate ambitions
and his "personal weaknesses," the court
Interrupted the reading and ordered the
three attorneys who offered the document
to answer for contempt. After • hearing
their cases he ruled that the document
had been filed for the purpose or bringing
into the case extraneous matters, slan
derous and false and of a political nature,
with a view to impeding and obstructing
justice and bringing the court into con
tempt and. he sentenced each of the at
torneys to thirty days in jail. '.
Hartwell was formerly representative of
the Hawaiian Government at Washington
and Is a veteran attorney • of Hawaii,
and the others, with him, have long been
prominent in island affairs. % • '_ • •-
Acting Governor "Coopers pardons
reeached the High Sheriff before the at
torneys had been placed' in jail and they
were released. Cooper's act is denounced
on the one hand as executive Interference
with the judiciary and as destructive • of
the power of the tlrst Circuit Court to en
force its processes, and en the other hand
it is warmly commended as releasing
three highly respected lawyers. from what
is claimed was an unreasonable sentence.
Local Eentiment runs high and the af
fair Is generally regarded as a political
row. The Star and the Advertiser bitter
ly assail Judge Humphreys as a politician
on the bench and denounce his sentence as
having been the result of personal vlndic
tiveness, while the Bulletin and the Re
publican as vigorously defend his course
and attack Cooper, declaring that his par
dons were for members of the "missionary
ring." -The. "Advertiser says that the
Grand Jury Is packed for political ends
and" it has published- an affidavit, signed
by its business manager, A. W. Pearson,
saying that Oscar Lewis, bailiff of Hum
phreys' court, who is. well, known, as a
shipping master in many Pacific Coast
ports, offered to "pack" a trial jury for
the Smith perjury case in consideration of
being assisted to gefa license for a water
front saloon. This publication was fol
lowed by Humphreys calling for' Lewis'
resignation as bailiff.. ef.
The foundation for the reports of brib
ery in the Legislature has suddenly been
revealed by Jacob Coerper. a man who
wanted a railroad franchise and -who is
the client whose name L. A. Thurston
refused to reveal to the Grand Jury.
Thurston was under sentence for com
tempt for so refusing, but the statement
of his client releases him. He was not
confined, as the Supreme Court had issued
a writ of habeas corpus and had not de
cided the case." Coerper swears that he
was asked by three different members of
the House to pay money for their efforts in
behalf of his bill to secure a franchise for
his railroad. He had been bef re the Grand
Jury -and. it is stated, had told- the jury
the names of the three representatives
who solicited bribes, and a report of the
Grand Jury is awaited with much inter
est. ' -
A petition was circulated . In ' Honolulu
among lawyers to-day asking the removal
of Judge Humprheys. It was circulated by
L- A. Thurston arid received the "signa
tures of most of the members.of the local
bar. To-morrow a meetlnsr of the. Ha
waiian Bar Association will be held and
a resolution against Humphreys will be
presented. It is expected that there will
be a lively discussion.' v -,v ;-
.HONOLULU, May 28.— A strange^state
of affairs, replete with sensations*that
have deeply stirred Honolulu, has grown
out of* the investigations of the Grand
Jury summoned by. Circuit Judge . Hum
phreys : to Investigate ; the - charges of
bribery in the Legislature. Last Satur
day three of the best known lawyers of
Honolulu— General A. S. Hartwell, W.^A.
Kinney and S. M. Ballou— were sentenced
to thirty, days in Jail for contempt of
court ' by Judge. Humphreys, but before
they. reached the prison all were released
by pardon by Acting Governor Henry E.
Cooper. ¦ . . ¦.
Honolulu Lawyers Are
Now at War With;
Humphreys.
Sensation Is . Heaped on Sen
sation in the Political v
Strife..
DEMAND OUSTING
OF THE JUDGE
Coulter tried to reply, but the audience
hooted him down. The President' then
declared all discussion out of order and
ordered that balloting be proceeded with.
The count of the ballots showed 1659
votes cast. 181 short of the number, and
an adjournment was. taken until to-mor
row. From the expression of to-day's
meeting it is certain Bond and the old
board of directors will be re-elected. The
opposition* ticket, headed by J. H. Henry,
will receive but few votes. . ¦
When Bond finished reading, the report
was received. Election officers were ap
pointed and a recess taken until 1:30
o'clock. At the opening of the afternoon
session Major "W. A. Coulter precipitated
a hot discussion by asking a number of
questions of President Bond, which turn
ed out to be arguments against .the re
election of the president and board of di
rectors. I$e asked Judge Bond what he
meant by arraigning all the growers In
his report when he charged that they
sold their prunes to outside packers.
Coulter's questions were such as to show
he was opposed to Bond's administration.
The meeting was thrown into excite
ment and there were cries of "Sit Down,"
"Hurrah for Bond" and "Put him out."
President Bond then took the floor. He
accused Coulter of trying to wreck the
association and declared he had been
working to that end for months and had
boasted that unless the association dis
banded at this meeting he would take
steps that would put it out of existence.
"In the first place, I did not arraign the
growers for selling their prunes outside
of the association," he said. "I said that
there was a certain percentage of them
who had sold their prunes outside of the
association, and I made the statement on
the information given me by the outside
packers themselves. If outside packers
bought all the prunes not pledged to the
association they could have got only 22,
000,000 pounds. In fact, they got 50,000,000.
This is sufficient answer as to where they
got them." . •;.-.-,'
Coulter Opens.
The result of the present method of market
ing the prune crop during the past ten years
proves that it has not increased the consump
tion. The writer believes that the only way
that a permanently increased demand can be
created Is by selling your product under your
own brand and by judiciously advertising It.
This policy should be adopted at once If an
increased consumptive demand is to be looked
for the coming season. . ;
trademark of the association, and advertise
It. For It I would have a special price that
would not be affected by the fluctuations of
the market. *To meet the competition of the
outside packer I would sell fruit without the
brand "of the association. If this policy Is pur
sued you will soon make It unprofitable for
any grower to stay out of the association. By
Judicious advertising of goods with the asocla
tlon trademark I believe that a demand can
be-created In a short time that will absorb all
the prunes raised In the State and that will be
unaffected by the prices of the general market.
As soon as possible I would have the as-'
eoclatlon sell its fruit through its own agents.
I would establish a brand to be known by the
To abandon the association now would be
unwise. I do not believe there Is so little forti
tude, so little common sense, as to suggest
such a course. Even the experience you have
bad in the past you cannot have repeated. The
conditions have changed. You are growing
more fruit than was ever rrown before. More
Is being eixi*n in other States. The day of
high prices for your fruit Is past unless you
can oontrol the market by organization. There
is but one way by which the organization can
be perfected and made permanent, and that is
by making it unprofitable not to belong to It.
I would meet the outside packer In every mar
ket and ¦undersell him. That policy 'will pre
vent his making a profit and stop his pur
chases.
necessary, at a lower price. But the prime
reason why sales were not made at satisfac
tory prices was the unprecdented crops of fruit
of all kinds In this country and In Europe.
There was an overproduction of fruit every
where. Every fruit that could compete with
the prune was offered in every market as a
substitute and at low prices.
It "was a mistake that the basis price was
made 3 cents Instead of 2*4 or 2%; It was a
mistake, as we now know, that when the out
side packer cut prices the association did not
promptly meet his cut and take the market. If
Should "Undersell Outsiders*
tire crop had the former ruinous system of gen
eral competition prevailed.
The eeneral result of the past year's work
has proved that it is entirely practical to do
the business required to handle the entire crop
of the State at one general office: that the sys
tem of keeping: the records of the buslnesss Is
both practical and economical; that prices have
been better by one-half than they would have
been had not the association existed; and the
writer believes that the amount that has al
ready been raid in dividends Is equal to what
The report continues:
Owing to the fact that lucai insurance
companies used influence to raise rates
on the insurance of the association
prunes so that it would cost the associ
ation not less than $60,000 to protect the
crop, but small insurance had been car
ried and a number of watchmen had been
employed.
The matter of prices fixed was gone into
and the trouble over the sale of 11,003,000
pounds to the Packers' Company ex
plained.
The receipts of fruit for the year In the
various warehouses amount to 124,024,102
pounds; total sales, 59,417,491 pounds, leav
ing on hand C5.506.611 pounds. The total
receipts are $1,730,640 61. The expense, in
cluding salaries, advertising, taxes, «»tc.,
aggregates $93,229 23, which is more than
half chargeable, he says," to the fruit on
hand, as it is for v.ork done in respect to
it. - .. . •
The report of President Bond was an
exhaustive one, dealing in detail with the
workings of the organization. It gave
tho plan of the organization and the con
tract entered into with the Packers' Com
pany. Under contract with the associ
ation are 54,472 acres of prunes, of which
32,206 acres are in Santa Clara Valley.
Deducting 9000 acres south of the Te
hachaj>i, upon which there was no crop
last year, the association controls 87^ per
cent of the total acreage of the State and
more than 92 per cent of that of Santa
Clara County. There are 3737 members of
the association. elehty-tfv« packing
houses and five receiving stations.
President Bond's Report.
SAH JOSE, June 5.— The annual meet
ing of the California Cured Fruit Asso
ciation to-day was attended "by about 800
prune growers, and these showed that
they were unanimously for President
Bond and his policy. They applauded his
remarks and refused to allow any ad
verse criticism. This change of heart on
the part of the growers was .^surprising,
for a few months ago they iiad nothing
but condemnation for Bond and. the direc
tors. The object of to-day's meeting, the
election of officers and changes in the
by-laws, failed for lack of a auorum, and
an. adjournment was taken until to-mor
row afternoon. One-half.of the members
of the association is a*quorum. With
about 800 ballots that had been sent In by
mall, the attendance lacked about 200 of
the requisite number.
Judge Bond called the meeting to order
at 10 o'clock. The auditorium was well
filled. On the stage beside the presiding
officer was the board of directors. Presi
dent Bond at once read his report. At
frequent intervals it was applauded.
Eoeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Opposition.
Cries Down an Attack Made
by a Leader of the
Cured Fruit Association
Will Re-Elect Him
President.
PRUNE GROWERS
STAND BY BOND
Michigan Man Commits Murder After
a Period of Hevelry.
COLMAN. Mich., June 6.— Will Arnell.
-proprietor of a hotel and saloon In Bea
verton, ran amuck to-day, and before he
was overpowered shot and killed his six
year-old daughter, fatally wounded his
wife and shot his aged mother," brother
and sister.
When Arnell. who had been drinking
for several days, entered the house to
day, he went upstairs where his daughter
was hiding from him under the bed, and
killed her. He then came down and fatal
ly shot his wife and flred at his invalid
mother, who was sitting In her chair,
shooting her through the hand. Mrs.
Samuel Dopp and Arnell's sister were at
tracted by the shooting and as they ap
proached, Arnell walked out to the street
and opened fire on them, wounding his
sister slightly.
At this Juncture Arnell's brother and
Mrs. Dopp's husband came on the scene
and Arnell shot his brother through the
arm. Dopp was armed with a shotgun
and opened fire, wounding Arnell. who
was then captured and taken to the
Ccunty Jail. His wound Is not fataL
Double Murder anchSui
cide Committed by
Engineer.
Horrible Crime by a Railroad
Employe in Missouri
Town. .
? - ¦ •
MACOK". Mo., June 5.— James Stacey, an
engineer aged El years, living ten miles
east of here on the Burlington road, to
cay. in a fit of mental aberration, killed
his wife and daughter, aged 18 years, and
then, after relating the fact to a neighbor,
shot himself to death. James, an eight
year-old son. was spared. The tragedy
occurred early this morning when the vic
tims were asleep. -»--
Stacey, who for the past thirty years
has been a trusted engineer at the Clar
ence water tank, arose at 3 a. m.. to go to
work. It is known that he loved his
family, but it seems that when he awoke
this morning he was seized with an un
controllable Impulse to commit the hor
rible deed. The wife was the ..flrst to suf
fer. With a clock weight Stacey killed
her by a blow on the left temple. The
daughter. Alma, was asleep In a room
upstairs with her brother James. There
the father went next, and. picking up the
boy. laid him on a cot in an adjoining
room. Then, with the clock weight, the
crazed man ended the life of his daughter.
Shortly^ before daylight Mrs. Sophia
Spitles. Stacey"s married daughter, who
lived near by, ran over on some errand.
Her father calmly told her what he had
done and the frightened woman rushed to
Inform her husband, who immediately
ran over to the Stacey home. Before he
arrived he heard the report of a gun.
Stacey was found lying on the porch with
his head nearly blown off by the contents
of a heavily loaded shotgun. He had
placed the barrel in his mouth and pulled
the trigger with his toes.
The little boy. who was unharmed, is
unable to give any account of the tragedy.
The father was addicted to no bad habits
and had, it is stated, amassed quite - a
fortune. He owned sixty acres of fine
land and had other property. His home
life was pleasant and in the village of
Clarence no family was more highly
respected than was Stacey's. The dead
wife was a sister of R. E. Dale, one of
the most prominent citizens. Stacey's
sanity had never been Questioned, but
now it is thought long hours of work and
loss of Bleep unbalanced his mind and im
pelled him to commit the frightful deed.
- « \
SHOOTS TTTg BELATIVES.
KILLS HIS WIFE
AND DAUGHTER
ST. BRIGID'S BRIGHT PUPILS WIN
MANY HONORS FOR WORK WELL DONE
Closing Exercises Are Held at the Central Theater, Where a Splendid and
Varied Programme Is Presented Under Direction of Sweets
Parents and Friends Applaud While Students Receive Rewards of- Merit
UTAH GOVERNOR
TAKES A BRIDE
Miss Emily Katz Be-'
comes the Wife of
Heber Wells.
Impressive ...Ceremony Ac
cording to Mormon
Church Ritual.
SAI/T LASS CITY, June 5.— The wed
ding of Miss Emily Katz, formerly society
editor of the Salt Lake Herald, and Gov
ernor Heber M. Wells of Utah took place
this evening at the "home of the bride's
mother, 1323 East South Temple street. In
the presence of about a hundred relatives
and Immediate friends of the bride and
groom. The ceremony was performed by
Bishop O. F. Whitney in accordance with
the religious ritual of the Mormon church
and was exceedingly Impressive. ... -
The ceremony took place in the reception
room, which was filled with ferns and
flowers, wjilte marguerites. The Sago
lily, the State flower of Utah, . predomi
nated. The bride wore a gown of white
bolting cloth over chiffon and taffeta,
trimmed in bands of white taffeta. > The
veil was fastened -with a large crescent of
pearls and diamonds, the gift of tha
groom. She carried a bouquet of bride's
roses. The bride was given away by her
brother. A. Katz. Miss Josephine Katz
acting as bridesmaid. ° General Charles S.
Burton of the Governor's staff acted as
best man.
The ceremony, which took place at 7
o'clock, was followed by a reception. The
big lawn of the Katz residence was walled
up -with canvas and lighted by, scores of
Incandescent lights and here and in the
flower-bedecked house the Governor and!
his bride received congratulations I until
11:30 p. m., when they took & special train
for Ogden. To-morrow , Governor and
Mrs. Wells will take the Union Pacific
overland for a six weeks* bridal tour of
the East. Chicago will be the first stop.
New York. Boston, Washington and Phila
delphia will be included in the itinerary,
the return trip to be made via Buffalo,
Niagara Falls and the Great Lakes.
BATTT IS BELIEVED
TO BE UNDER ARREST
Figures in the Mysterious Disappear
ance of Ban It Cashier
¦ Harding.
KANSAS CITY, Juno 5.— A man be
lieved to be William C. Bain, who figured
In the mysterious disappearance of April
3 at St. Joseph, Mo., of Ernest "V. Hard
ing, * cashier of the German American
Bank of that city, is under arrest here.
Bain was arrested at Hutchinson, Kans.,
on Information filed by the Elmor e &
Cooper Company of Kansas City, who
charge irregularity in connection with a
cattle deal. Among his personal property
held by the Hutchinson police after his
arrest are Bald to be several telegrams
of a sensational nature, purporting to be
from Harding to Bain. Bain is said to
have first admitted that he had been em
ployed at St. Joseph by Harding, but
later denied this. He was also quoted as
saying that he knew of Harding' s present
whereabouts and that he would make
It known at the proper time. . ."" '-'
Harding's* disappearance two months
ago has never been cleared up. In a let
ter left by the banker at the time he ac
cused Bain, who had acted as his coach
man, of. sustaining improper relations
with Mrs. Harding. Since then neither
Harding nor Bain has been located, and
in the meantime Mrs. Harding has
brought suit for divorce. ¦ ¦ •> r r
DAWSOtt PASSENGERS
ON" STEAMER DOLPHI2T
SEATTLE. June 5.— The steamer Dol
phin arrived from Lynn canal ports this
morning with ninety first class passen
gers and news from the north up to June
1. on -which date the vessel left Skagruav.
The river -was open from the headwaters
of the Yukon to a point below Dawson
and several steamers had arrived at
White Horse. Many of the Dolphin's pas
sengers "were from Dawson, havlnfr made
the .trip up from, the Klondike capital on
the" first boat3. Owing to heavy snowfall
on the hills the miners expected a good
head of water for sluicing purposes and
were accordingly happy. The prospects
for an enormous clean-up were bright.
Former figures of J25.000.000 to $30,000,000
hold good.
From Forty Mile comes news of new
discoveries on creeks which heretofore
have been considered of little or no value.
"With the opening of navigation on the
Yukon an unprecedented rush of business
commenced. The Yukon steamship com
panies have prepared for the busiest sea
son .-yet • experienced. Thousands and
thousands' of tons of freight had been
piled up at "White Horse awaiting- .the
breaking up of the Ice and this has been
started in a steady stream to lower points
on the river.
Claims the Deed ¦ "Was Forged. .
REDDING, June 5.— Suit was Instituted
In the Superior Court of Shasta County
on Monday by Oscar * F. Smith of . Bay
City, Mich., against his cousin, Elwin ii
Smith, of Clearville, Ont.. for the setting:
aside of a deed -which on Its face appears
to have been made by the plaintiff, trans
ferring an undivided one-flfth interest In
the $12,000 estate of the' late Dr. J. O.
Smith of Cottonwood to the defendant.
Oscar F. Smith says he never - sa.w the
deed before it was filed for record hero
and. declares it to be a rank forgery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JONE 6, 19ai.
3
ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN BY
BRIGHT PTJKTLS OF ST.
BRIGID'S SCHOOL. .
p> || s3 HE big: auditorium of the Central
I Theater was crdwded yesterday
I afternoon by the parents ' and
Jl many friends of the pupils of St.
Brigrid's School, who were holding:
their closing: exercises.
The programme, a splendidly prepared
and varied one, did credit to the sweet
faced, sisters who preside over the des
tinies of the school and the bright pupils
whom they have in charge. Many of the
numbers were extremely picturesque,
especially the fascinating "Dancing
Flow'rets and Busy Bees" chorus and the
class recitation entitled, "Flags of Many
Lands," • - . ' .— --
The programme In full was as follows:
Chorus; greeting. Miss M.- Foley: march,
Misses S. Ilencke. M. Wallensteln, N. Caeey,
J. Gaffney, J. Smith. L. Garat, M. Wilson.
K. Phelan. M. Carreras. M. Cunningham, I.'
Theddy, M. Maguire; "Bewitching Fairy,"
Misses C. Clasby, M. McGulgan, M. McKew.
M. Ott,< A. Wilson, II. Murray, A. Dolan, D.
Frazer, E. Baldwin, R. Frowenfeld. M. Galla
gher, Masters W. Sullivan, A. Buckley, R.
Frowenfeld, C. Cecln; "A Little Schoolboy's
Dream"; "Dancing Flow'rets and Busy
Bees" ; restless galop. Misses M. Burin, AV.
Hohwlesler, M. Dundon, E. Kelley, G. Col
lins. E. Terry, -H. Galvin, N. Murphy, C. Lit
tie, A. O'Dea, M. Allen. E. Dolan, S. Curley,
M. McKew, R. Frowenfeld ; musical recita
tion; Indian club drill; "Der Frelschutz."
Misses E. Kelley, E. Donovan, A. Mason, L.
O'Brien, C. Mann, J. Shirek, B. ¦ Guttard. R.
Mulroney, M. Turner, L. Smith, E. Wallen-
Bteln. G. Gallagher, G. Sullivan, M. Cottle.
M. Dermody; class recitation: "Ladies of
Athens." Scene — Home of Xanthippe, wife of
Socrates;- "Flags of Many Lands"; Schubert' a
symphony in C. Misses L. English, G. Dewey,
J. Shirek, I. Shirek, J. Baldwin, Joan Bald-
win, E. Wiel, M. Kearny, G. Haley, J. Mc-
Kew, violinist. Miss A. Kelly; harp drill;
recitation. "William Clasby; musical selections
—Pianos. Misses E. O'Neill,. L. English E.
AVallensteln, R. Mulroney,- M. Cottle B Gut
tard. G. Sullivan, M. Bums, L. O'Brien A.
Mason; violins. Misses A. Kelley, J. Baldwin,
I. Shirek. J. Shirek, Joan Baldwin, E. Wiel,
G. Haley. J. McKew, I. Burrin, E. Donovan,
M. Kelly, M. Kane, N. Casey, Masters Tit
Garat. F; Hohwlesler. W.».McGuigan; mando
lins. Misses G. . Dowey. L. Smith, M. Kearny,
C. Mann. M. Burke. M. Carreras. M. Dupont,
H. Galvin, E. Kelley. G. Collins, . C. Little,
A. O'D'ja. S. Curley. M. Derraody, M. Turner,-
E. Doherty: triangles, tambourines, etc. ; val
edictory, Miss A. Bowden.
After the valedictory medals were
awarded- as follows:
For general excellence— Miss Josephine Bald
win, Miss Genevleve Pyne, Masters Ed ward '
Comber, Walter McMann. ••/¦•¦
For attendance— Miss A. Bowden. Miss M.'
Dundon, Masters Adrian Fisher and John Dunn.
The folowing pupils received diplomas:
Graduate of academic course — Miss Adelaide
Bowden.
Grammar course completed^ In January—
Misses Alice Harrison, Gertrude Leavy. Mar:
Foley, Lilllle Mahoney, Mabel Kelley and Grac
Haley.
Grammar course completed In ¦ June— Mlsse:
Genevleve Gallagher, Loretto O'Brien, Margrar
«>t Haley. Mary Kearney, Leona Mohr, . Ma:
Burke. Alice Kennedy, Masters Leo J. Bald
win, James F. Ryan, John J. Kennedy, Pau
J. Guedet, Charles P. Cantrell, John J. Ken
nedy and Frank K. Murray.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Will r go" until she drops, and think
she's doing rather a fine thing. Very
often the future shows her that she was
laying the foundation for years of
unhappiness. When the back aches,
¦when there is irregularity or any other
womanly ill, then the first duty a woman
owes to "herself is to find a cure for her
ailments.
The use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription in cases of womanly disease
will insure a prompt restoration to sound
health. It regulates the periods, stops
unhealthy drains, heals inflammation
and ulceration, and cures female weak-
ness. It makes weak, women strong,
sick women welL :A .
Sick -women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free of charge. All
correspondence absolutely private and
confidential. In his thirty years and
over of medical practice Dr. Pierce, as-
sisted by his staff of nearly a score of
physicians, has treated and cured more
than half a million women. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
"I will drop vou a few lines to-day to let you
fcnow that I am feeling well novr, - irrites Miss
Annie Stephens, of BelleriUe, Wood Co.. "West
Va. " I feel like a new woman. I took several
bottl<-s of ' Favorite Prescription f and of the
•Golden Medical Discovery.* I have no head-
ache now. and no more pain in - my side: no
" bearing-dowu pain any more. I think that there
is no medicine like Dr. Pierce's medicine. 1^
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of mailing only. « Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, BuSalo, N. Y.
&JBS Oared While
c~*f>^. You Sleep
cJiy&mr In Fifteen Days
"Gran-Solvent" fllMOlresStrictore like •»<>*
pfM-n tbe-wm. reduce* Enlarged Prortat* ao4
fttrenrtbens tbe Seminal Ducts, «ioppln* Drain* IM
Emissions In FUl**n Dara. -_¦_. ,__.
No firem 10 ruin tbe ttomieta, bnt* cirect local
anil positive application to the entire nnsthral tract
Grin-holTent Is not a llqnld. It \% prepared la
tbe form of Crayon* or Pencil*, smooth ¦.naflesM*
tad so narrc w a* to pax* tbe closest Stricture. -
Every AUn Should Know Himself.
Tbe St. James inn. Box 834. Cincinnati. O- hm
prepared at »rreatexpcnae an exh»n«j- f" It I" T f
tt* lllDttratM Treatise upon tbe male L II L la I
•ntenuwntch tb-» will •end to •»rrnl_Li
S.T J1MFS ASSN zso elm ST..
31. JAJ1E3 A3iR., Cincinnati! Ohio.
IS U^SpeciaLl JaLle. 11
I Waists. S&irts I
I $ll!$m$ $9.0O SILK CREPE WAISTS I
I FOR $5.50. II
I '• --;,'; 86 'fine • quality" aU-silki Crepe -Waiiti^nlcreams; II
"•¦ • /^sC ' '¦¦''¦ • biues^pinksandgreens^^c^rt lmedfanditocked. II
I ~AJ®^ A $0.00 quahty of exceptional value. We' t>lace II
I /\C-J\k\" them . on special. sale at about what they would.cost II
b) / l^'^^fcAW • you «foi£making 'alone. : v .-3«v_ 1
I i-OOCffl ' -Price at thTbargain SPECIAL for QggQ g
¦ I - •" / _Thursday and Friday only.......... *t /w «*-' v ' 1.
I 1 <l '-t- I $5.75 TRAVELING SKIRTS
I \ W lh ;fqr$3.5O. /-;•; ¦¦¦
I W\ \J=J ; 175 i All-Wool Cheviot Cloth Traveling Skirts-^
9 l\ V v'*1 •'"'¦' . unlined; very comfortable and dressy— lap seamed.
9 I A A « If 8 rows- stitching around bottom. . Sizes ' from 38
gj fc^r] ' inches to 43 .inches long— grays, 'blues and tans.
B ; 'v ¦ You cannot afford to make them when you can
9 >. buy them at the bargain:'; 5 Special for • *K5?'KO
¦ ¦¦¦.-:¦ / . .Thursday and Friday only V t '» uu
I $12.50 and SI5.00 CLOTH JACKETS
1 :>"¦-.•-.¦/.; '::;F()R: : :$T.5p. /;,:;:
H Your choice^f 220 of "this season's '"All-Wool Cloth"; .Tackets—,
¦ : ¦; fine tailor work-^-box or Eton styles, all silk-lined— stylish colors.
1 The materials would cost you. more than .'.the price we ask for
B these"jackets at the bargain " "-' .'"• Special for;
i . ' Thursday and Friday only y':' T % Yi
6 All-alterations on Special Sale goods will be CHARGED EXTRA. I* ELECTED A UETJTENANT.— Dr. T« W. B.
Leland. the Coroner. wa» last night unani
mously ¦ elected lieutenant of the first divlsiore
of the Naval Militia. Tha election was held
on the United States steamer Marion.
Twentieth. Century Club Arm ounces
' tne Second Fistic Mill for
June 28. .
The Twentieth Century Athletic Club
has signed Jack Root, of Chicago, tho
light-heavyweight champion, and "Kid"
Carter of .Brooklyn, N. Y., to box twenty
rounds before the club in the Mechanics'
Pavilion on Friday evening, June 28. The
men must weigh in at 165 pounds the af
ternoon of the contest. Root left Chicago
this morning and will arrive Saturday.
Carter will - start from Brooklyn next
Monday, getting in two weeks in advance
of the contest, which will allow him that
much time for training. Al Smith repre
sented Root In the negotiations with the
club, and Matchmaker Kennedy, who left
for the East yesterday morning, will meet
Carter en route and secure his signature
to the articles.
Kennedy will at the same time closet
arrangements with Tim Callahan for
his contest on the same date with Tim
Hegarty of Australia. ;v^.
¦ » ¦ w '
JACK BOOT IS MATCHED .
TO FIGHT "KID" CABTETt
failed to put in an appearance at the San
Francisco handhall alley last night and,
Jimmy White, his youthful opponent, was
given the game by. default. The absence
of Linihan was disappointing to the
crowd that filled the bleachers, as they
counted on seeing a hot game. To mollify
the spectators Jimmy White and "MIdgy"
Maguire played an exhibition game of
thirty-one points and Maguire won by ona
ace. The youngsters put up a brilliant
exhibition. Maguire's left hand work waa
of high order.
Tom Leach beat Robert Houseman by a
score of 51 to 28. The victor's heavy toss
ing won the game. G. B. Hayward beat
M. M. Guthrie by a score of 51 to 47. To
morrow evening the following games are
scheduled: W. Walsh vs. W. Stansbury:
Morris Levy vs. M. McDonnell; Raymond
Murphy vs. W. Fisher, and an exhibition
game between John Riordan and M. Ma
guire against Al Hampton and T. Leach.
Richard Linlhan, "the overhand swiper,"
HANDBALL PLAYIES IN
CONTEST FOB TROPHIES
Iiinihan Defaults to Jimmy White in
the Tournament at Ryan's
» • Court.
. The coming shooting festival promises
to be the biggest event of Its kind ever
held in the West. " Marksmen from all
over the country are coming to compete.
.The prizes offered are handsome and nu
merous. The shooting societies of this
city are making preparations to fitting
ly entertain the visitors. An elaborate
programme Is being arranged and the vis
iting shooters will be given an inkling of
California hospitality.
On the eve of the Bundea Fest the vis
iting clubs will be escorted through the
city. There will be a torchlight proces
sion and an elaborate banquet. On the
following day a grand street parade Is
to'be held In the morning. Many societies
will appear in uniform and grotesque coa
tvmes. .The Hanoverian Verein will par
ade 200 strong, all mounted on white
steeds. The Order of Red Men will par
ade in Indian attire. On the evening of
July 17 the visitors will be entertained at
the Olympic Club. A special programme
will be arranged in their honor.
The San Francisco Police Department
has applied for membership in the Na
tional Federation of Shooting Clubs and
the application will be acted upon next
Thursday evening. The Police Depart
ment has also entered a team of twenty
five crack shots to compete for prizes
and honors. It is expected that the San
Francisco policemen will find competitors
worthy of their mettle in a team that tha
OaSland Police Department will enter.
Officials of the State are making- up a
purse for a trophy to be contested for at
the Third National • Bundes Shooting
Festival. to be held at Shell Mound Park
from July 14 to July 23. The prize will be
known as the California State trophy.
Great Preparations Being
Made to Entertain the
STATE TROPHY
FOR MARKSMEN
Officials of California
Will Contribute a
BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUB PREPARING FOR ITS ATTRACTIVE EVENT, THE HORSE SHOW
THE SAN l^ANfo^
The existence of the Pacific Interciub
Yacht Association is now assured,: all the
Bix clubs on the bay having -agreed to
Join it. . The delegates of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club are A. C. Lee. A. B.
Palmer and A. N. Follansbee; T. J. Kav
anaugh, T. F. Tracy and Orlo Eastwood
represent the Corinthian Yacht Club,
while the delegates of the -Vallejo Yacht
Club are Charles Chapman, George War
ford and Al Morse; and those of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club ate S. S. Marshall, A.
M. Clay and R. R. l'Hommedieu. The af
fairs of the association for last year hav
ing been wound up. the -following officers
were elected for 1901: Allen M. Clay,
president: T. F. Tracy, vice president;
Orlo Eastwood, secretary, and A. B. Pal
mer, treasurer. It was decided that a
charge of one dollar be made to all per
sons except the officers of. the regatta,
representatives of the press and the po
lice, who may Oesire to view the annual
regatta from the committee's tugboats.
The Encinal and South Bay Yacht clubs
have announced their intention of join
ing the association, but have not yet ap
pointed delegates. Ex-Commodore J. M.
Macdonough was appointed .the represen
tative of the association to the- Yacht-
Racing Association of North America. .
INTERCLTJB YACHT
¦ t ASSOCIATION MEETS
One mile and a quarter, selling — Our Nellie
won. Plead second, Golden Scepter third. Time,
2:12.
Four and a half furlongs— Almanzo won,
Drummond second, Sweet' Billle third. Time.
:57. .i- •
HAMILTON. Ont.. June 5.— Results:
Six end a half furlongs — Our Lizzie won,*
Lakeview Belle second, Custodian third. Time,
1:24%.
One mile and a sixteenth— Euclaire won. ' Sll
verlocks second. Pan third. Time, 1:56%.
Five furlongs — Magnus Troll won, Souprep
second, Broadway third. Time. .
Wellington handicap, one mile and an eighth
—Beguile won. Branch second. Flag of Truce
third. Time, 2:01. :
Burlington selling I steeplechase, about two
rnilee — Jack Carey won.' Odd Genius second,
Klpeld third. Time. 4:59.
.' Mark B. Kerf, mining engineer, occu
pied i the. stand. during the whole of yes
terday's session of < the United* States Cir
cuit Court testifying .to the geological
conformation. 1 of the mineralized bodies in
the Pennsylvania .mine 'at Grass Valley
He produced ' specimens of . country rock
and ore taken from different parts of the
mine as evidence that certain veins found
at acertain depth had continued upward
in' ascertain direction,' the: object of his
evidence being to show that the under
ground works cf the .W. . Y. O. D. Quartz
Mining Company had ¦ not been encroach
ing uponany of the veins appearing with
in the ' surface lines of the
ENGINEER EERR SEES,.
THROUGH • THE GROUND
. His dead, body was found under rather
peculiar circumstances. Mrs. ¦ Tibbitts ad
vertised on Tuesday morning for • a '. do
mestic servant, and in response a young
woman called at the ' house -yesterday
morning. and was engaged, . Mra. . Tibbitts
being somewhat of : an' invalid. The first
duty assigned to the new servant was -to
go upstairs to Mr. Tibbitts' . room and
awaken him. The girl knocked.* at the
door, and receiving no answer, opened it
and was. almost -overcome by the fumes
of the deadly gas. i As soon as she got a
glimpse of the dead body ; lying on the
bed she ran out of the house and disap
peared. As Mrs. Tibbitts had not taken
the girl's name , the Coroner's deputies
were unable to obtain her as, a witness.
The testimony at the inquest was to the
effect that ; Mr. Tibbitts had been a suf
ferer for several years with severe pains
in the region .of -the heart, and; that, he
had frequently threatened to commit sui
cide. /A verdict of suicide iwas . rendered.^
1 J. Tibbitts, a ship calker, 55 years old,
residing with his wife at 1045 Mission
street, committed suicide early yesterday
morning by asphyxiating .himself with
the fumes of illuminating gas.: . ,.
Employer Asphyxiated in His
-Room. % .
SERVANT GIRL SHOCKED
ON HER FIRST ERRAND
Einds the. Bead Body of Her .New
Time-To %, ,:21U; to %, :46tf ; last %. 1:01%;
short % 1:11. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' br. g.
by imp Brutus-Nabette. Meadow Lark best.
Abba L had plenty of speed and hung on well.
Balance a bad lot.
Betting— Meadow Lark, B; Abba L, 9; Novia,
13-5; Favorito, 12; Homestake, 30; Galene, 30;
Sweet Voice, 20 Jack Richelieu Jr.. 30; Dr.
Nembula 6; Rasp, 20; Screenwell Lake, 6; Tor
sida, 12. ; • -
2559. SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward; purae, $300.
Index. Horse, Jockey, Wt, St. %.' Str. Fin. »
2518 Meadow Lark, a. 113. Air 1 5 % 1 % 1 2
2542 Abba L. 3. 93....Brodien 6 1 % 2 h 2 1%
2541 Novia. 6. 119. Ruix 2 2 3 3 1 3 3
2518 Favorito. 4, lll.BassingrlO 11 4 ¦ 4 %i 4 %
2512 Homestake. a, 106.Tllettll 7 h. 6 2 5 1
2546 Galene,- 4, 104 Bergen 7 3 h ' 5 % 6 1
Sweet Voice, 20; Jack Richelieu Jr.. 30; Dr.
2504 Jack RtchM'u Jr. 3. 95.Sn 4 4 % 8 8 2
"2541 Dr. Nembula. 5. 113.Dglyl2 8 1 9 * 9 2
2533 Rasp, 3, 100..'..:.Treanor 8 9 1 10 10 3
2489 Scr'nw'llLake, 3. 106.Srt 3 11 1 11 11
.2517 Torsida. 6, 119. ....Glenn 9 12 ' .12 12
Betting— Rio Shannon, 13-5; Horton, 4; Do
nator. 18-5; Montallade, 9-2; The Fretter. 13-5.
• Time— 1-16. :07; V*. :24; %. :49;%, 1:1494; m.
1:41V4; 1 1-16 m -1:47%. , Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, Thompson
& .Hagerman's • b. h. by El Rio Rey^Bessle
Shannon. Rio Shannon got an Intelligent ride,
and galloped over his field when ready. Boy
on Horton lost his whip a hundred yards from
the wire. He was closing very strong. Mon
tallade stopped after setting a fast clip. Pacs
killed Dontor. Scratched— Goldone 105.
25S8. FIFTH RACE— One mile and a six
teenth; handicap; three-year-olds and upward;
purse. $400. -:
Index. Horse. Jockey. Wt. St. %. Str. Fin.
2540 Rio Shannon, 4, 113. Ruiz 14 3 3 111%
2540 Horton, 5, 106 Hoar 2 5 . 4n 2 to,
2540 Donator, 6, 94..Fauntlry 3 2 1 lh 3 2
(2540)Montallade. a, lll.Amsg 5 1 1% 2 % 4 3
2340 The Fretter, 5. 115.. Alxr 4 3 h 5 5 -
- Betting— Racetto. 4 ;. Prejudice. 3-2; Rio Chico.
12; McAlbert, 8-5; Flamero, 20; Castake. 30;
Harry Thatcher, 150; Barney F, 30. ; .
Tlme-%, :13; %, :23U: %, :«%; K. 1:13; Ti.
1:28_ Good ¦ start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. .Winner, J. A. Cruza's b. g. by
Kactne-Mlnetta. Racetto la a greatly improved
horse. He won in a gallop. Prejudice chucked
It up; she waa carried at too fast a clip for
her. Chico ran bis- race. McAlbert' a race a bad
one.
Time— H. :12: H. *:24; %, - :48H:" %, 1:01%.
Good ' start. Won easily. ¦ Second and third
driving. Winner, W. M. < Murry's ch. c- by
St. Carlo-imp. Elise. Carlo outclassed hly
field and won in a gallop. B. C. Greene and
Botany -both, stopped to nothing. Shell Mount
ran a nice race.
Betting— Carlo, 6-5; Shell Mount. 12;- Ty
ranus. 15; Estado, 15; Lento, 30; -Botany, 12;
Yellowstone. 3; B.. C. Greene. 5; Black Cloud,
100; The Ladean. ; 100.
2557. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs: sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
Index. Horse, Jockey, ! Wt, St. %. Str. Fin.
(2541)Racetto, 4. 109. Gutierrez 5 1 % 12 13
(2543)Prejudice. 4. 107..Alexdr4 2 3 2 % 2 n
2553 Rio Chico, 5, 109..Bsangr 7 3 % 3 n 3 IVi
2552 McAlbert, 6. 109.... Hoar 1 6 V» 4% 4n
2523 Flamero. 5. llL.Dlngley 2 5 % 5 3 5 5
2517 Castake, 6, 109.. .Romero 3 l'i 65 6 4
2525 Har Thatcher. 4, 109.Fry 6 7 3 7 1 7 5
(24S2)Barney F, 4, 109.. .Stuart 8 8 8 8.
2556. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; telling;
two-year-olds; purse, |300.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. %." Fin.
2534 Carlo, 114 Ruiz 1 3 1% 3 1% 1 %
(2515)Shell Mount, lOo.Gulterz 6 4 % 4 4 2 1
2534 Tyranus.^ 105 ....Alexdr 5 8% 6n 3%
(2538)Estado, 111 ..Armstrong 3 5 3 5 Vi 4 4
• 2528 Lento. 108 ...Fauntleroy 7 7 2 8 13 5 1%
(2513) Botany. 103 ..Bassinger 8 2% 2 1 6 5
2551 Yellowstone. 108.. ..Hoar 4 8 6 7 1 7 1
(2520)B. C. Greene, HO.Stuart 3 11 11 8 12
.... Black Cloud. HLDlngly 9 9 2 9 6 9 15
2338 The Ladean, 105.BergenlO 10 10 10 -
2555. SECOND RACE— Six . furlongs : sell
ing; three-year-olds and up; purse. $300.
Index, Horse, Wt,- 'Jockey. "St. H- • Str. FlnJ
(2528)Ralston, a, 114.. ..Hoar 5' 1 % 1 1% 1 H
2226 Nullah. 4, 113.,.. ...Ruiz 1 2 2 '2 n 2~4
(2518) Almoner, '5, 114.McCarty 2 3 % )3 n 8%
2532 Rio de Altar. 3. 104.Alxr 4 4 n 4 n ,4.1 ;
1172 Odd Eyes. 5. 112.Gulterz 6 5 1-51 6 1V4
(2530)Irate. 3. 99...Fauntleroy 3 6 6 :« •
2S03 B. Monde, 6. 117. Hazard «... - ... .:.
Time. %. :24; H. :4S%; %. 1:1C Bad start.
Won ridden out. . Second and third driving.
Winner. F. D. Weir's b. g. by White-Sis
Brigga. - Ralston much the best; he -was away
badly. Nullah finished gamely; was well-rid
den. Rio de Altar did not' show his usual
speed. Almoner ran a fair race. Tab Odd
Eyes In poorer company, i Scratched— Mocorlto
117. Alas 110. Clarando 112. «Left. . ,
Betting— Ralston, 9-5; Nullah. 7: Almoner.
16; Rio de Altar, 3-2; Odd Eyes, 12; Irate. 15;
Beau Monde, 40. ¦ ¦ •
OAKLAND 1 RACETRACK —
.
Wednes-
day, June 5/1901.—Weather fine. Track
fast' . ' .
2554. .FIRST RACE—Futurity course: sell
ing; three-year rolds and up; purse, $300.
Index, ; Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %.' %.* Finl
2509 C. Santa. 3. 105..Alexdr 8 7 1 . 5 H In
2542 Bagdad, 4, llL.Armstrg 4 8 2 3 V% J V&
2S36 Monda, 5, lOS.Guiterrez 5 3 IV* 4 Vt 3 1
2530 Alaria, 6. lll..Fauntlry 1 4 1 6 1 4 1
2536 Sisquoc, 4.. lll.McCarty 6 5 1 2 h B S
1536 Summer, 4, U4......Rula 2 1 n ¦ 1 1 - « 3
2536 Talma, 4, 109...Baanger 3 2 h 8 H 7 1
2483 Alpha Lee, 3, 93...Hoarll 8 3 9 1 8 2
2537 Cavanaugh, 3, 95.Brodin 7 9 5 7 1 ' 9 3
2516 Ravino. • 3. 95...."Webster 9 10 X 10 1 10 4
2G09 Commuter. 3, 98.8heehanlO 11 11 11 5
2496 C. Goetz, 3, 10«...Stuartl3 13 13 13 /
Time-To %. :24H; to %. :46;last H. 1:01%:
short %, 1:11%. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner. E. J. Baldwin & Co.'u b. g.
by Santiago-La Colorado. Cerro Santa came
from behind.In game fashion. . Bagdad ran
right to his notch. So did Monda. Summer
plenty of speed, *ut quit very badly. Alaria
no speed. . '• ¦¦-.." ' :
Betting—Cerro Santa, 12; Bagdad. 12; Mon
da, 5; Alaria. 7-5; Sisquoc. 15; Summer, 10;
Talma, 12; Alpha Lee, 40; Cavanaugh, 200;
Ravino, 30; Commuter, 20; Cora Goetz. 8.
DOMESTIC PORT. -
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed June" 5-Schr En
deavor, for ; Honolulu; ¦ Chll bark ¦ Latona, for
Soutn America. ¦ \.\ ¦". -\ -.: ,;'¦; . ¦: •
* OCEAN STEAMER..-; - ; : , ; *
NEW -YORK— Arrived; June •&— Stmr.'Servia,
from . Liverpool and Queenstown.J .
"' ».'. ¦-"'"''-" l ."* _ ' ' ' • ¦' '¦"..-' ~ '¦. i . . ." • * . . - -¦ . -
LATE i SHIPPING INTEIiI.IGENCE. 1
The ; Kosmos ;line, "which amalgamated
with, the Hamburg-American "line the first
of | the year, is' about to put ¦. steamers - in
the i Oriental trade.* ; of .the steam-,
ships: that; have been: in the: Atlantic ser
vice are * comine. to this cdast . and . will
run -between , San.;; Francisco, t Honolulu,
Yokohama , and Hongkong. v Commencing
with the Amnon,. which; will be due here
from ¦ Hamburg .. via \ South and :.' Central
American oorts on July 6, all the steam
ships on ".this routetwili go as far north'
as Seattle.- ~ The. new for-;the
Orient will be the fastest and best equip
ped vessels ever seen ' on this- coast. :>>.i- <
Kosmos Line Expanding.
WASHINGTON/ June , 5.— The : following
Califorhians i have ,' arrived . at .the ¦ hotels:
St. I James— Mrs.'- J.':' K." Kennedy. >¦ Miss
Kennedy, - San •• Jose; ': Raleigh— E. * Dlnkel
spiel, Miss Dlnkeisplel, Miss Grasbaum,
San Francisco. /,.-" ; . ;• ;
CAIxirOBNIAlTS IN^WASHHTGTON
s NEW .YORK, June 5.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From, San
Francisco— G. Atterbury, at the Everest;
E. J. Compton, ' at the Cosmopolitan; S.
Epstein, "A. B. Forbes, Mrs; S. Joslyn, at
the Astor; A. C. Lester, at the Cosmopoli
tan; C.J. Mayer, at the Herald Square;
C. B. Stan ton, at the Everett ; W. Green
bach ' Dr. ¦¦• H. Chrwan . and ¦ wife, at ¦ the
Manhattan; M. Silverbergv. at the Hoff
man; Dr. G. M. Terrlll.'at the Imperial;
C. M. Spangler, at the Broadway Central.
From Los Angeles— Captain Cross, at the
St: Denis. , :'\ ¦ ¦';>•: ; '': -¦•¦' '^ ¦'." ¦¦¦'¦ '-¦'" ¦¦'¦-'*'-. ¦-''¦¦
CALIFORNIANS DT NEW YORK.
Railroad Commissioner N. Blackstock is
at- the Grand.
James McCudden, a naval contractor of
Vallejo, Is at the, Grand. ', - .
. Marion Biggs Jr., a capitalist of Oro
ville. is spending a few days at the Grand.
John A. Mclntlre of Sacramento is here
for a short visit and has made; the Lick
his headQuarters. . :
D.S.c Blackburn, a prominent citizen of
Ventura, registered at the Grand yester
day. He is here - for the Railroad Com
missioners' Association convention. ;
T. J. Hennessey, first vice president of
the Missouri Railroad' Wharf Company, Is
dangerously ill at the Palace with pneu
monia: Late last night his condition was
critical. /,:—./ •, •'.//¦// / v
'.' John W. • Bourdette, the . attorney, left
last evening on a .business ! trip to New
York. • He will be . absent about two
months and will visit the Buffalo Exposi
tion and other Eastern cities before hl3
return.; '¦ ,y. .""'•. '¦::
Clement W. Dilke, a nephew of Sir
Charles W. Dllke. M. P., arrived on- the
steamship Gaelic yesterday and is stay
ing at the California. He recently gradu
ated from" Cambridge,' and '-Is. touring the
wprld. ¦"
W. A. Rodenberg-, United States Civil
Service Commissioner, arrived here j yes
terday from the ' East „ and leaves on the
next steamer for Honolulu to Institute
examinations for Government positions in
the Hawaiian. Islands. He is an ex-Con
gressman of Missouri. ..
PERSONAL MENTION.
First race— Ping, Rainier, Hohenlohe. .
Second race— Mamie : Hlldreth, La Calma.
First Shot. .
' Third race— Homage, Maresa, Cousin Carrie.
Fourth race— Huachuca, Achilles, Phil Crim
mlns. - ' .
Fifth race— Gaylorn Brown, Princess -Titanla,
Saul of Tarsus.
Sixth race— Snips, Pat Morrissey, Spike.
Probable Winners.
'Sixth race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling.. ' ;. /"
2535 Lena 105 2524 Rlnaldo ........107
2547 Pat Morrissey.107 (2529)SnipS .........:. 105
ST525 Sunello ' 107 2514 Sam - Dannen- «
(2519) Position .107 baum 107
2547 Einstein .......107 2535 Spike .....107
-Fourth race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse. ... . , •¦ ' ' .
, 2548 Flattered ..107 2513 Discovery lll>
. 2408 Phil Crimmins.US 2548 Marelio .... 110
<;2534 Porous .........118 2544 Huachuca ...... IIS
2528 Dlvlna .........115 2534 Royalty : .115
(2348)Lady Carlo 115 2548 You You.:.. ....107
••2544 Hainault ..."....115 2490 Achilles .......113
2528 Snowberry "... 115 / <-....- , • / - ¦¦• -¦.. 'v
Fifth race— Six furlongs ; three-year-olds and
up; selling. ,..' ; ; - , !
2516 Princess Tlta- - I 2541 Saul of Tarsus.106
• -¦ nla 96 2526 Guato ¦ 109
2539 Gaylon Brown. 98 2543 Mike ".Ice.. 108
2471 Mountain Dew.106 1 2546 Clarando ... 106
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling. ¦..¦•_¦ ¦."¦¦-¦¦.'.
(2546)Homage 1101 2539 Cath: Bravo llt»
2469 Maresa lirjj Allan Pollok... 103
2500 Parsifal ' 112 (2344)CousIn Carrie. .110
Second race— One mile and flftyyardB: three
year-olds and up; selling.
2549 Kastine Ill 2529 Burdoc ~ .119
2543 First Shot 119 2508 John Welch.... 109
2519 La Calma 92 2516 Mamie Hil
2547 Sylvan Lass..:. 121 dreth ...102
To-Bay's Entries.
First race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling.* . - , . . -
2559 Novia .... *..... 110 2349 Senator Matts.106
2557 Harry Thatch- 2547 Rainier 121
' er .....: 119 2529 Hohenlohe 115
2529 Ping 106 2532 Devereux ..... .110
THE s bookies gathered in the coin
at Oakland yesterday.' From the
/time /when : Cerro , Santa tumbled
in for first money in the first race
' ,till' Meadow ,¦ Lark surprised the
wise ones in" the last event on the pro
gramme, the public was ' on the hip and
thepencllers flourished.\
•'., Cerro Santa, : ridden by Alexander, and
as good in some books as 15 to 1, won the
first race' over the futurity course. Alaria,
the:.; favorite, was nowhere within the
money; After Summer and Sisquoc had
run; themselves out , in ;the lead. Cerro i
Santa came up with a bound, Bagdad and
Monda holding on for the place and show.
1 In the second race over six furlongs,
after a long delay the bunch got off with
Beau " Monde left at the post, j Ralston
well to the front at the start with Nul
lah tacking on kept the first place to: the
wire. Rio | de Altar, who was ;an equal
favorite .with Ralston In the betting, did
not come within the money. , Nullah cap
tured the place and Almoner the show.
Nothing but the favorite Carlo was seen
in the third race. .Ruiz kept well in back
until : the : stretch . was reached and then
passed the bunch with great ease.; B. C.
Greene and potany , had front row seats,
but were ousted even for place or show
by Shell Mount coming up fast from be
hind; and Tyranus/two long shots. .•/•
Racetto, 4 to 1, won the fourth event on
the card over the seven furlong course."
MdAlbert and Prejudice were the choices
in tha betting. Prejudice got away well,
but was passed. by Racetto on the turn,
and was beat out by three lengths. Rio
Chico with Bassinger up got. the show.
. Ruiz, mounted on Rio Shannon, landed
the money in the fifth race. Rating his
horse well along the back stretch, .Dona
tor and Montallade ( having g»ne out to
the front, Ruiz waited until. the t stretch
before he. let loose. From /the paddock
on It was all Rio Shannon: " Hoar, on
Horton, made a strong finish, getting the
place. • Donator got the show. ' - ¦
While the - crowd in the ring was de
bating whether there was any., other
horse in the sixth race -~ but Novia, a
strong play came In on Meadow Lark,
backed down from 6 to 1 to 3 to 1. before
the horses reached the post. Far back in
the bunch of twelve that started. Mead
ow Lark, Alexander, up,, passed them all
when the stretch was reached, and won
without an effort. Abba L got the place,
Novia, the 13 to ,5 favorite, taking the
show. • : \
PLAYERS OF FAVORITES MEET
BAD WEATHER AT OAKLAND
Cerrp Santa at 1 5-1 Sets the Long-Shcit Ball
Rolling— Meadow Lark Also Wins at Good
Odds-"Rio Shannon Captures. Handicap Event
... Another carload ,*of '¦ trunks,' -. valises and
dress-suit cases just- received. \ Also large
shipment of : pocketbfioks; beltsiibillWooks,
card and ' cigar ; cases! ¦•'. On rail: fine leather
goods,, kodaks and cameras included, your
full name lettered* in gold free of charge.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street." ?¦•.'
A I Carload ; of Trunks.
; sical Programme | Rendered; •
The graduation. exercises of the Presen
tation Convent School were held, Tuesday
afternoon. - Graduation' honors were con-',
f erred upon Miss Kathryn . M. ¦ Cashin,
1 Miss -Agnes J. v Taylor, Miss ; LJzzle M.
I Remy, and Miss Kathleen A.' Mead. Di
plomas for - competition . of the grammar
• course were conferred upon Miss | Mag-gle
: Flynn, Miss Lottie de Andries, Miss Mary
Poggi, Miss Alice Messmer, Miss ! Nellie
Waters, Miss Ella Escallier and -Mies
• Minnie Johnson. , . , . * .. • .
I The main feature of the programme was
a drama written for the occasion, entitled
. "The Triumph of /Art Macs Murrogrh."
The instrumental, and vocal music- was
: particularly enjoyable. >i # ; ~; •- > C - .
At 'the conclusion' of the programme
Rev. C. E. O"Neile addressed the audi
ence. ¦ . * ...-,¦'• -• .-•¦ .-¦" •¦ ' - ¦*; . ¦ '- ' ¦¦_:-.
I , The following clergy were present : J
•Revi C. E. O'Neile'and Rev. W. McGough.-
St. - Francis Church ; ; Rev; J. . McDonald and E.
Looney, St. Charles • Church ; Rev. Father Cal
zla, S. J.; Rev.- Father Bell, S. J. ; Rev. Father
Butler. 8. J. ; Rev. Father Mulligan. 8. J. •
Rev. Father Santand reu, i Church of Our ; Lady
•of Guadalupe;.Rev. W. Quill,' Suisun; Rev. M.
Qulnn, ; .^ St. .Brendan's- Church ;.• Rev. /Fathers
" Redahan and McCarthy, Sts. Peter and Paul's'
: Church; 't Rev., J. Cantrell,': Berkeley; Rev. M.
: Giles, St. Rose's. Church, : and Rev. Father
¦ . Gualco.'" '¦¦•;•:.•-". - ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ . •¦,¦¦••.•'- '¦' : ¦-. ¦ : -.
; ' .¦•', ..'.?*'. •\"'^i-". ••'!»,
! Fortune -Is usually seen in thecompany
! of industry and: charity. 4 " * > •'
• ¦' - ¦' ¦'•¦ ii ¦ M:':' ¦ ' "\ : ¦¦' ij?i-v-?.:V'-
PEESENTATION CONVENT :
school cx)MMEN"ciaoarr
Original Drama Presented With Much
Cleverness and an Excellent, Mu-
Arrelanes. .; ....... .Second base. . ...... . .Schwartz
Moore.V. . ..... . .... .Third, base. . . . . ; , . . . . . .'. .Reilly
Francks... '......... Short stop.. ....";;. .'...".r.Krug
Dunleavy. ..... .. ; . . Left field. . . . . .*. : . . .Hildebrand
Drennan. . ... . ... ; ..Center field. . . . ....".. McCarthy
Held................ Right field....... .....Nordyke
Lohman. . .......... Catcher. ....'. .Graham
Mbskl man.. '..'.. '....Pitcher ..¦....."..'.........Evans
Strelb.:. ........ .'...First base.. ....Pabst
Leaders and Tail-Enders Are to Meet
in a Series T of Games Begin-. : .
*' !•••"" C:.^-: v ning, To-Day. /^V:.. : ' .:' ,,
¦ ¦ , .. •• " • - '. •- : . '£• • •¦"•:¦ ' . . — Games—
•Clubs. v. . : , '."-.-Won. Lost. Played. Per Ct.
San Francisco .V.ii.. Y. 23 18 41 - .560
Sacramento .7,,'.....'.'.'.21 .18 39. .538
Los Angeles •..•...'...";. .19 19 88- .500
OalUand ........... :r... 16: 24. 40-v ? .400
: , The leaders arid tail-enders are to meet
this; week: at Kecreation Park. -Though
the season has been in full blaze for two
months, the teams are still bunched, there
being: a j difference of only . six games be
tween . Oakland and San , Francisco. -¦ The
•Los "Angeles team struck a pennant-win
ning gait at the opening of the season,
but has lately been falling behind " and ib
now: in third place, having been passed
last week by Sacramento. As ¦ a ''. conse
quence the Los Angeles management is
now- after new » talent. The fans of the
southern city insist ¦• upon I capturing tha
pennant with the baby» aggregratlon and
Manager Morley.is • intent - upon comply
ing with their demands. But there is a
shortage '¦ of baseball talent on the mar
ket. . . Oakland k is after . new players, too,
but with theexception of ; a. pitcher who
is en route to the coast from Connecticut
Manager Ewing: has not been able j to
strengthen his club. But as; the Oaklanda
are still within striking • distance- of the
leaders'he has not lost hope. ¦'*'. ¦ ¦
- The line-up for. to-day's game is as fol
lows: ;i '. '. ; ; ;; ''-'':. :¦.'¦-¦>''.•¦•¦¦''¦• ':¦ : ' ¦ v
-Oakland.- - r '. Positions.- Ban Francisco.
LEAGTTB TEAMS WORKING *
" . HARD TO WIN PEN1TANT
Clubs— • ' % ¦ R, H. . E.
Plttsburg .............5-7 2
Philadelphia 2 ';. 7 ; 5 #
Batteries— Leever n.nd O'Connor;- Orth and
Douglas. -Umpire-7-Emslie. • • - i ; ,
ST. LOUIS, June 6.— Christy : Matthewson
pitched another great game for New York, but;
St. Louis pU-ycd very aggressively. Harper,
was -steady throughout and most of New
York's hits were of the scratch order. ¦?.¦» At-'' !
tendance, 6000. . Score: , - : _;¦-;;.-' • ¦"'
ciubs— •••;-: ;- ¦;'*. ; ¦". ' - f v r. h. e.
st. Louis r:..:.....B % J5 i
New York .......:...;.. .............. 3 : 1
V Batteries — Harper and Nichols; MattUawson
and, Bdwerrnaa..:, Umpire— 'Dwyer. *:' : ;., ' ;.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. June 6.— Amos Russle . gave
evidence of having recovered his • old form, in
the game against Brooklyn to-day. Though he
had to pitch a wet ball in a drizzling rain, he
allowed the visitors hut i a single run. -The
game vas ca!l«i on account of darkness at the
end of the eighth inning, with the score. a tie.
Attendance, 2400. Score:
Cliibs- " R. , H. . B.
Cincinnati ........1 : •* 7 2
Brooklyn \ 1 7 . 0
Batteriee — Russie and Peltz and Gergen; Kit
son and McGuire. Umpire— Cunningham.
PITTSBURG, ' June 6.— Philadelphia' fc ' errors
were .costly and hits were timely: 'Attendance,
3250. Score:'- • -• «•;*,;
DETROIT, June 5.— A home run by Buelow
in the eighth Inning, when the. score was tied,'
won the game for Detroit, as the Phlladel
phlans went out one, two. three in the ninth.
Attendance, 3122., Score: . ' • -
Clubs—" ; R. ' H. K.
Detroit J.......... ."...... 3 . 4-3
Athletics .......2. 6 2
Batteries— Cronin and Buelow; Piatt and
Powers. ' .-..•'
MILWAUKEE, June>5.— Both 'pitchers* were
hit pretty hard, but errors by Frlel • and Gil
bert gave • the visitors three runs and the
game. Attendance, 1500. : Score: '
Clubs— . , " R. H. : E.
Milwaukee .......1..4 . 10. 1
Boston. 7 U 1
Batteriee— Garvln and' Connor; Mitchell and
Schreck. . .
and American Leagues:
I . AMERICAN LEAGUE.
EASTERN BASEBALL. • GAMES.
Eesults of Contests in the National
Downing. G. C. W. :' E. Waatle, G. Q. W-
Officials— Starter— J. W. Leavltt. Referee-
Charles Albert Adams. ! Judges— E. . B. Learn
ing, J. W. ¦ Mullin. B. B. Rambo. B. Reese.
F. -Hermann. .Timers — Joe Desimone, F. A.
Busch, W.-VB.' Morrill, F. • ' G. Montealegre.
Scorers— E. Goeler, Frnnk Bollo. Chester My
rlck, T. C. Spillane. Clerk-Jules Hancock./
TWO "WELL-KNOWN CTCLJSTS WHO'AHB TO PARTICIPATE IN THE
TWENTr-FIVE MILE ROAD RACE TO BE HELD ON THE SAN LE
ANDRO I TRIANGLE ON SUNDAY NEXT. \ ' ; ... -'r
PUPPIES AND OLD DOGS
TO BUTT AT UNION PARK
Greyhounds of High Class Drawn to
Compete in Two Big
Stakes. *
"Two stakes will be run off at the Union
Coursing Park' on Satuiday and Sunday.
The dogs are of high class and are capable
of great bursts of speed. Following is the
result of last night's drawing: .'-¦ -..-
Puppy stake, sixteen entries— P. M. Curtis'
Miss Pie vs. Cherlnl Bios.' Bona Magniflca;
E. Geary's Ruby Sankey vs. T. Murnane's Bon
us; E Geary's Bonnie Hughie vs. • William
Frantz' Lassie Franz; W. H. Locker's Meri
war vs. J. Qulnn's Koyal Tick; Pasha Ken
nels' Resident Agent vs. P. M. Curtis' Sir
Pitt; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer vs. H.
Lynch'B Clarice; Aenid Kennels' Argus vs. J.
D. Cardinal's Runtez; E. M. Kellogg's Modest
Lad vs. George Van Bargen's Red Lyon. ¦ ..
Class, reserve stake, 104 entries — W. J«£<eon
ard's'Daylight vs.- Sterle & Knowles' OTJara;
P. M. Curtis' • Echi> vs. T. Maher's.Bad Boy;
J. Connell's Log Boy vb. W. C: Glasson'a lone;
A.*R. Curtis' Vulcan vs. Aenid Kennels' Aneas;
A. R "' Curtis' ¦ Lord Beaconsfleld vs. Ozahl's
Miss Wilson: Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells
vs. P. M. Curtis' a Shadow ;-F. A. MeComb's
Bona Fide vs. Sterle & Knowles" Oleta; W.' J.
Leonard's Tom Hurley vs. P. M. ; Curtis' An
chor; P. M. Curtis' McKlnley vs. Cherlnl
Bros.' Santonin; Pasha Kennels', Rural Artist
vs. A. R. Curtis' Klnjj- Cotton; A. Vander
white's Flora McDonaia vs. E. Oeary's Ameri
ca; L. F. Bartel's Banner Bright vs. E. M.
Kellogg' s Frisco Lad; L. M. Connell's St.
Helen vs. Aenid Kennels' Achilles; Sterle &
Knowles' Sleety Mist va. Pasha Kennels' Ran
dom Aim; F. A. McCorob's Motto vs. George
Sharman's Bowery Boy: P. M. Curtis' Cash
vs. George Sharman's St. Ives; F. • S. Price's
Forget vs. J. Hurley's Hurricane; Pasha Ken
nels'-Rollicking Airs vs. Pasha Kennels' ¦ Rob
ert's Army; Russel & Allen's Daisy Claire vs.
P.-M. Curtis' War Eagle; Star Kennels' Fon
tenoy vs. Aenid Kennels' Athena; J. R. Mc-
Carthy's John Doe vs. J. H> McNeil's Black
hawk; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne vs. P. M.
Curtis' .Vagrant; P. J. Rellly's. Plow Boy vs.
T. Logan's Miss Grizile; D. Toland's Twilight
Jr. vs. P. J. Reilly's (names) The Grafter; E.
M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma vs. J. Kane's Green
hall; W. C. Glasson's Sleleh Bells vs. J. D.
Cardlnel's Jessiby; F. Schou's King's Border
vs. A. R. Curtis' Candtlarla; L. M. Parkin
son's Ben Lomond vs. L. M. Connell's White
Hat;. P. J. Johnson's Strand of Gold vs. Rus
sel & Allen's' Rosy Claire; Star Kennels' Her
schel's Pride vs. A. R. Curtis' Rector; George
Sharman's Chicago iioy vs. F. B. Gerber*8
Rienzl; Pasha Kennels' Lawrence' vs. F. A.
, MeComb's Hot Haste; Sterle & Knowles' • For
Glory vs. P. M. Curtis'. Narcissus; J. Smith's
Master Wprkman vs. F. Schou's 'Miss Smug
gler; C. E. Willey's Alameda Lad vs. J.
Smith's Boney Boy; Pasha Kennels' Real Ar
ticle vs. P. Jackson's Honor Bright; F. • S.
Price's Brutus vs. John Roxana;
Pasha Kennels'; Roundabout vs.. Pasha Ken
nels' Rocker; P: Jackson's Golden Russet vs.
D. K. Hill's Ever Shore: D. Toland's Pleasant
Girl vs. A. R. Curtis' Pilot; E. Geary's Bonnie
Paana vs. W. C. Glasson's Dew Drop; L. F.
Barters Best' Bargain va. T. J. Cronln's Vixen;
T. J. Cronin's Thornhlll vs. Ruasel & Allen's
First Foot; Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face vs." A.
R. Curtis' Loyal Lad:- Aeneid Kennels' Aga
memnon vs. Russel & Allen's Scotland Yet;
P. Setlnhoft's Veto vs. Star Kennels' Mayflow
er; George Sharman's Black Flush vs. J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone- Prince; F. A. McComb's Royal
Fluah vs. E. M. Kellosg's Buck; D." Walter's
Campania vs. F. Schou's Nora Lawrence; Star
.Kennels' Game Boy vs. J. J. Keenan's Dred
naugh,t; Pasba Kennels',' Red Agate vs. E. M.
Whttesides" Greenback ; A. R. Curtis' Blue
Ribbon . vs. Sterle & Knowles" Freezeout.
Four minutes— W. Norty. G, C. W.: V. A.
Curlin, G. C. W. ; V. Gray. O. C. W. : E.
Etienne. O. C. W. ; George Krutz, O. C. W.
Three minutes— R. Telchner, C. C. C; C.
Four . minutes thirty seconds— E. ' E. Berg
man, C. C. C; Fred Westcott, CVC.'C; Frank
Carroll, C. C. C; George Crawford, C. C. C;
G. S. Christensen. O. C. W. .
Fire furlongs, selling— Oclewah won.' Right
Away second, Honolulu third. Time, 1:01 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—Al
fonso won. Dr. Preston second. ¦ Isaa.c Hopper
third. Time, -1:46 4-5.
CHICAGO. June 5.— Hawthorne summary:
One mile and a sixteenth, selling:— Thurles
won. Laureate eecond. Longflo third. Time,
F"rve furlongs — Ed Austin won. Harry Beck
second. . South Trimble third. Time, 1:01.
Seven furlongs— Vulcaln won, Merito second.
AlwetU third. Time. 137.
• Six furlongs— Silurian won. Gaherls second.
Grandon third. Time. 1:14%.
RACES ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Winners of Purses at Several of the
Big Courses. .
ST. LOUIS, Juce 6.— Fair Grounds summary :
One mile, selling — Lady Cunon won, Ida Car
brey eecond. Julietta B third. Time. 1:49%.
One mile— Our Lacy won. Propeller second.
Miss Aubrey third. Time. 1:18.
Six furlongs— Tom Collins won, A. D. Gibson
Eecond, Frank Bell third. Time. 1:17.
One mile »nd a. sixteenth, purse — Wall won.
Cbopin second. Nobleman third. Time. 1:53V4-
Five furlongs— Kaloma won. Kingdaly sec
ond. Wakita third. Time. 1:04%.
Seven furlongs, selling:— Sue Johnson won.
Harry Pulliam second. Miss Grandon third.
Time. 1:S2»4.
CHCCECNATI. June 5. — Newport summary:
Seven furlongs, selling— Ethel Teavia won,
Nannie J 6econd, Polly Blxby third. Time,
l:'s* l i. . . . S
Five furlong*, selling— Ben Hullum won. St.
Hera eecond. Tom Grabb third. Time, 1:01%.
One mile— Peter Duryea. won. John McElroy
second, Ben O'Fallon third. Time, 1:40%.
Six furlonrs. selling— Golden C won, Occone
second. Minnie B third. Time. 1:14%.
Six f urionsF— Lilly Pantland won, St. j Sidney
eecond. Lillian Hoffman third. Time. 1:J4.
One mile. Jjurdles — Governor Boyd won, B. G.
Fox second. Cardenas third. Time, 1:47. •
NEW YORK, June 5.— Gravesend summary:
About six furlongs— Demurrer won. All Gold
second. Dublin third. Time. 1:20.
' One mile and a furlong:, selling: — Nones won.
Doubledumrcy recond. Arden third. Time,
Five furlongs— Evelyn Maud won. Rossignol
«econd. Destitute third. Time. 1:C2%.
Gazelle Stakes, one mile and a sixteenth—
Trigger won. Janice second. Morningside third.
Time. 1:48 1-5. - ¦ .
THE postponed twenty-five mile
road rase of the California Asso
ciated Crclists is to be held next
Sunday over the San "Leandro
Triangle. This annual event has
been looked forward to with deep Inter
est by the wheelmen of the State and its
outcome will be closely watched. The rac
ing taen have been In training for the
event for the last month; Every Sunday
they have been seen speeding over the
triangle in preparation for the hard grind
they must undergo on the day of the big
race. That the race has lost none of its
interest to, cyclists is evidenced by the
number of men who have entered. So far
the committee has received sixty-five en
tries and before the list closes It is be
lieved that seventy names will be affixed.
On the scratch mark are the Downing
brothers, Burton and Lace. These lads
•will represent the Garden City Wheel
men, and judging by the splendid riding
they have done this season, are likely to
win the prize for the fastest time,. It is
to be regretted that Eddie Russ. the
Olympic Club flyer, is not entered. He is
now in the country enjoying a rest Hob
son, ¦- another strong road rider, has re
mained out of it. and the race from the
scratch mark will be a battle royal be
tween i the Downing boys, W. Davidson
of the Bay City Club, and McDonald and
Wastie of the Garden City Club.
The race will begin at 10 o'clock sharp.
The racing committee has offered some
fine prizes for the winners of the time
and place positions. Following is a com
plete list of entries and their handicaps:
Seven minutes— Lea lmrlis, O. C. W. ; K. A.
Mitchell, C. C. C; A. Zimmerman. C. C. C;
Charles McConneH. C C. C: C. F. Und, B.
C. W.; John Guennlng, Cn.; B. D. Balart, Un.
Six minutes thirty seconds— Harry Kenne
dy. Reliance; Rivera. Smith, Reliance; G. H.
Williams. B. C W.: Charles Bowman, Un.;
W. D. Stoddard. O. C. W.
Six minutes — George Hitchcock. C. ' C. C;
C. A- Paraens, Un.; J. Haurat, Reliance;
Will Moon. G. C TV.; Richard Williamson,
Reliance: Ed Epeberg. C. C. C.
Five mlnutee— Sol Goldstein. Un.: R. W.
Emery. O. C. W.: W. D. Ksenhoft". O. C. W.;
JuBtice Young; Reliance; W. J. Mentz. C.
C C; F. McNuIty, B. C. W.; Charles Reuser,
B. C. W.
The golf tournament will be an Interest
ing feature. The. hand some trophy pre
sented by Prince PonlatowskI will be com
peted for. It is a beautiful prise and must
be won twice before it becomes the prop
erty of the victor. 'Mis* Alice Hoffman
and Mrs. George Doubleday, formerly
Alice Moffatt, have each a claim to the
clip, both having won It once. I
-The pony races will be interesting. Such
well-known gentlemen riders as Joseph
Tobln, Richard Tobin, Walter Hobart.
Charles Dunphy. Frank Carolan, Thomas
Driscoll and Lawrence McCreery willtxace
their ponies. .¦ , ¦ ...
The pigeon shoot will wind up the games
and the entire tourney will be crowned
with a grand ball to be given by the club.
Within a few days a committee will be ap
pointed to arrange the * coming affair.
Handsome trophies will be presented to
the winners In the various contests. . . •
•This will be the third horse show held at
'Eurllngame: The last 6ne was given two
years ago. ; It was "a great socialaa well
as spectacular success. Both shows had
a tendency to raise the standard of ap
pointments and carriages on the coast.'
The /finest horses'- were exhibited and
driven' by their owners,': The attention of
the entire State was centered on the ex
hibition and Its results were so beneficial
that It was unanimously decided to hold
another one.
Society will, have much to engage its at
tention this; summer.) -With the tourna
ment to Be held at. Del Monte and other
fetes and games, the ". members of the ex
clusive set should enjoy their season out
of, town. Now comea ; the Burllngame
Club with the announcement that it will
hold -a horse , shoWi golf ' tournament,
pigeon shoot and pony races for the pleas
ure of Its members and their guests."
These contests are to be held shortly after
the close of the tdmmment at Del Monte.
The directors. of the club held a meeting
last Sunday and decided to make the com
ing affair surpass anything else of its kind
ever given by, the organization: . ' , r .
Golf Tourney, Pigeon / Shoot
. ;.¦;'., and Pony Races Also
• Arranged.
GAY PASTIMES
FOR SWELLDOM
Another Horse Sho w to
> at Burr. : :
lingame v v
Limber*. G. C. W.; P. A. Murray, B. C. W.;
Guy Anthony, O: C. W. ; Will Lane, O. C. W. :
; H. B. Warren, C. C. C: M. Shannon, O. C. W.
;¦ i Two minutes thirty seconds— Gus Siegfried,
C C. C. ; C. Marty, G. C. '. W.; ; A. T. Smith,
. Oakland; Julius Ephraim, O.%C.' W.; ; H. U
v i Newsome, Reliance; George McKlnney, O.
! C. W.- \ ¦ ¦¦ -¦'¦ ', — . '¦ ¦ <¦• ¦¦ ' ' '" ¦
Two minutes— Charles "Long, O. C. W.; C. 1»."
:Braun,-C. C. C. ;• D. A. Manning, G. C. W.;
J. E. Bolger. O. C. W.; E. A. Russae, B. C.
W.; George A. Wyman, Reliance. ."» ,
One minute thirty seconds— Emll Agras.Un.;
Robert Backrath. C. C. W. ; John Posch,
C. C.W.; J. C. West, B. C. W.; Homer Lowe,
G. C W. : ' • -.-. • ¦¦ ' : ' ' •- -¦ :; ¦"
, Scratch-W. -Davidson, B. C. W.; B. Down
ing, G. C. W.; A. McDonald, G. C. W.; L.
Leading Riders of the State to Compete in Annual T we n ty^F iy e Mi f e Road
of the California Associated Cyclists; WKich Is toV^Be Held
Sunday, Next— Downing Brothers Are I jon the Scratch Mark
THREE SCORE WHEELMEN WILL SPEED
OVER THE SAN LEANDRO TRIANGLE
4
Millions for Baseball.
A million of dollars are spent- every year up
on the same of baseball, but large as this sum
Is. It cannot begin to equal the amount spent'
by people in search of health. There la a sure
method of obtaining: strength, ¦ and it is not a.
ccstly one. "We urge those who have spent
much and lost hope to try Hos tetter's Stomach
Bitters. It | strengthens I the stomach, ' makes
digestion easy and natural, and cures dyspep
sia; constipation, biliousness and weak kid
neys. ¦_':. ; s> .
I Varkpse Vei xi5. If
8 Dr. KcLaugrhiin Offers a Permanent ¦ Cure or No Pay. §
« Sapping the vigor of youth from the body g
0 ''¦'''''¦ ttf^Tv^ '^M. °^ c un f° r tu r ? at * sufferer; eating away, his: M
8 Wffl courage, ambition and happiness day by day; X
« Iw :j causing him pain and languor; making him o
5* ftfih ,£P'm \ £^Mf t ' rec * at n^ nt .* m the morning, and ren- 8
•> KMlff)Sp5 ffSp*- fo dering his life miserable in general, this ter- «
8 (§*$l Jk^%'^ aW rible malady rocs on, and there is no cure for J$
8 vUMdlt, Nl"\ Ml 5t «cept the surgeon's knife or ELEC- 8
g TRICITY. Which will you choose? |
I to- McLanghlin's Electric Belt |
1 <(«J^^^^^^ Cures op No Pay. , £
I ' * guarantee an absolute ;'cure . by my, new 8
method. You have only to wear my Belt g
•\ . '•Wr^^NT* while you sleep, with special attachment -car- S
rying the glowing current direct .to the parts/ g
washing out the stagnant blood, restoring vigorous circulation and new 8
strength. It is a positive cure. . 8
t* '< \ . VDr. McLaughlln's Electric Beit cured me of Varicocele and weakness of ten yeart* S
standing. I ehall always be grateful for It:"— LOUIS POSCALINA. Mokelumne Hill, Cal. : S
r">»l1s-irin ! , Don 't. accept imitations of my Belt. All imitations §
« vauUUli» burn and blister when - they have any current at all.'-." 8
§• Call and test my Belt free or send for. free book with full information. «
S It will tell you if you hav« Varicocele. Inclose this ad. ; ; g
1 DR.MXMcl^GHLiN, 702^^^ K «^l
Cleveland
nIPVPI CC
gUluIuLLp
$35 and $40
Racers $^0
LEAVITT & BILL
SAN FRANCISCO
OAKLAND
- SAN JOSE
After the Firel
P*^UDD'S GUN STORE
Ind fir. to be »old for thirty days at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
SPORTINO GOODS of every description.
All nVw roods at special discount during
sale Highest cash price paid for raw
Fur*. Bend 3 cents for postage of 100-
page Illustrated catalogue. ,
DR.MEYERS&CO. j£^!i%
Specialists. Dls- ffi§gr ¦ l£
ease and Weakness IfigfjB* "?
of men.' Estab- jFjJflg
Ushed 1851.^ Consul- llVc TlSSPl «?l
tatlon and ,prtvat». VlS "^ l
book free, "at office \ - >^5«M
or by mall. Cures [Hxfr;fffflaH»*
guaranteed. ' 731 K??wiSH»r^K
Market street (ele- A. x "*f£g&5v# ,
vator entrance), XlV /"'SftsSftJL^
San Francisco. *^sZr^-J y S^^.PROMINENT CITIZEN OF THIS
CITT WHO DIED YESTERDAY
AFTER A LINGERING ILLNESS.
Physical Examination of Pupils.
Dr. Winslow Anderson has submitted to
the Board -of Education a proposition to
make an examination of the pupils in the
public schools' to determine whether their
eyes, ears, throat or nose are affected,
v.-ith a view to effecting a cure. The sys
tem has been established in several East
ern cities, notably Cincinnati. Chicago and
Milwaukee, with success. Dr. g Anderson
says that • many children are suffering
from, diseases of the orpans named, which
are conducive to part of the dullness pre
vailing: among some pupils. Director Cas
serly is in favor of the plan, but the other
members of the board are disinclined to
p-.it it In operation on account of the ex
pected opposition of .parents, although the
system does not contemplate the com
pelling of pupils to submit to an opera
tion. The Board of Health was asked to
take the matter up, but claims that it is
something entirely within the jurisdiction
of the School Board. •
SPECIAIi TRAIN WILL
LEAVE FOR SAMTA CLARA
Arrangements Made Whereby People
Can Make Trip to See "Pas-
rfon Play." *
A special train will leave the depot, at
Third and Townsend streets this after
noon at 5:45. The trip is made for the
convenience of those who wish to attend
the performance of the "Passion Play" at
Sar.ta Clara College. ¦ j •
It has been arranged to have the train
return in time to enable the passengers
to connect with the last street. cars. In
cr '.f, e J nere is an V delay the street cars
will be held. , ¦? ",
SPECIAL TRAIN
AGAIN TO-NIGHT
To Santa Clara — The Passion Play to
Be Again Produced.
The Southern Pacific has arranged to
run a special train to Santa Clara again
this evening to accommodate those who
wish to attend the reproduction of the
"Passion Play," which proved such a
great success last night and Monday
evening. The leaving and returning time
will be the same as the previous specials,
that is, 5:45 leaving Third and Townsend,
and about midnight returning. The ex
tra cars of the Market-street Railway
will also be in waiting at both depots
when the returning train arrives.
Round trip tickets same as before, $2.00.
Tickets for the play may still be ob
tained at Gallagher Bros.', 18 McAllister
street-
The honor and emoluments of the Sher
iffs office are appreciated by the politi
cians. It Is known that John Lackmann
intends to go before the Republican
nominating convention and make a vigor
ous contest for renominatlon. His
friends are already actH'.e and will not
lose Bight of his interests when the dis
trict delegate tickets to be voted for on
primary election day are made up. Mr.
Lackmann Is not the only candidate in
the field. E. H, Aigeltinger, ex-Supervls
or. hay and grain merchant and president
of the Golden Gate Driving Association,
is surrounded by friends who fancy that
he can win the nomination and election.
Cclonel Charles E. Boxton, dean of the
dental college, and late major of the first
California U. S. volunteers, is backed by
supporters who maintain that the office
under his administration would be admir
ebi^ conducted. W. A. Deane talks of re
linquishing his bright prospects for an
other term as County Clerk for the pur
pose dt entering the contest for Sheriff.
Harry Baehr is also urged to enter the
race and may be listed among the as
pirants for the office. In the Democratic
column of prospective candidates stand:
Supervisors L. J. Dwyer and P. J. Curtis,
T H. McCarthy. Richard Whelan and
John McDade.
. When the time comes for nominating a
candidate for District Attorney there will
be no scarcity of patriots ready to serve
the public. 'At this time the Republicans
can Une up General E. S. Salomon, Frank
McGowan, John A. Hosmer and E. Myron
Wolf All these candidates are orators.
The last named is expecting to get a
prize in the next drawing of Governor
Gage's lottery. If his expectations are
realized he will not press his claims for
th^ District Attorneyship. The offloe that
Mr. Wolf expects is that of Building and
Loan Commissioner. The term or" the
Df-raocratic Incumbent. Frank Gould, has
expired, or is soon to expire. Informa-
tion respecting the expiration of the- term
Is not derived from the State Blue Book.
According to that record Mr. Gould's term
will net expire until 1903. Governor Gage
is said to be in possession of facts regard
ing the date of Mr. Gould's appointment
which the Blue Book does not set forth.
The Democrats will be able to present
an imposing array of candidates for Dis
trict Attorney before the entries close.
L. F. Byington, the incumbent, and Her
bert Choynski are already on the list.
Members of Martin Kelly's county com
mittee will hold a reunion next Monday
evening. Reminiscences of ballot-box
stuffing and smashing at the last open
primary will be related. Alfred Bouvier,
the unfortunate, is not In town, hence the
meeting of his committee will ' not take
place until later In the season.
Last Tuesday evening a Republican
club was organized in the south end of
the Thirty-first Assembly District. James
Regan was elected president, H. Brock
mann vice, president H, Devlin recording
secretary, C. Collins financial secretary,
and Joseph Brockmann treasurer, i
"Would you have peace? Use Searby's "Fleas-
Must-Go," 25 and 50 cents. 400 Sutter street. *
The Music Teachers' Association of
California met yesterday an<3 adopted
resolutions of regret and sympathy on the
death of ex-President V. A. H. Hoffmeyer.
Mr. Hoffmeyer was organizer, of the as
sociation and its present success and.pros
perity is due in a great measure to his
untiring efforts in its behalf.
Extols Labors of ex-President.
Candidates for the Shrievalty, the District Attorney's Office,
or Any Place That Comes Their Way.
PHILIP S. FAT, a prominent Demo
crat and well-known business man
of this city, died yesterday morn
ir.fi: at his home, S34 Grove street.
He had been In Ill-health for
many months, but it was not until about
two weeks ago that his condition became
serious. He then commenced to decline
rapidly and his death was dally expected.
Mr. Fay was born In New York in "842
and came to California before attaining
his majority. For a number of years he
was In the employ of the late James Phe
lan, father of Mayor Phelan. He later
engaged in the stock brokerage business
and during the great mining excitement
several years ago he was one of the best
known brokers on Pine street.
Mr. Fay always found time to take an
active interest in politics and in many a
pait campaign he contributed largely
toward securing success for the Demo
cratic ticket. He was considered one of
the shrewdest of political advisers and not
a few noliticlans owed their prestige to
following his advice. He was. at all times
willing to further the ambitions of his
friends and particularly was this the case
with young men who sought his counsel.
Of late years he had been engaged in the
contracting business and he was one of
the first to Introduce bituminous pavement
In this city.
The deceased leaves a wife and nine
children. Charles Fay, one of the sons, is
secretary to Mayor Phelan, while another
son. Phil J. Fay. is secretary of the Park*
Commission. The funeral will take place
to-morrow from Sacred Heart Church.
FAITHFUL ALREADY CASTING EYES
AT PLUMS THEY HOPE TO GATHER
An opinion of considerable interest to
organized labor was handed down yester
day by United States District Judge de
Kaven in the suit brought by Labor Sec
retary. Edward Rosenberg against .the
Union Iron Works.
The suit was filed by Henry E. Monroe,
attorney for" Secretary' Rosenberg, and al
leged that the Union Iron Works had vio
lated the act of Congress, approved Feb
ruary 26, 18S5, entitled, "An act to pro
hibit the importation and immigration of
foreigners or aliens under contract or
agreement to perform labor in the United
States, its Territories and the District of
Columbia." The complaint set forth that
the defendant entered into contract with
Carl Englund, a subject of the Kingdom
of Sweden and residing therein', whereby
Englund should emigrate to the United
States and labor for the defendant as a
coppersmith for one year, the defendant
to prepay his passage from Sweden to
San Francisco and to pay him "from $3 to
$4 per day!' for his services. Plaintiff
averred that because of such violation of
law the defendant had become liable to a
penalty in the shape of a fine of S1000 to
be paid to Secretary Rosenberg in com
pliance with the provisions of the act.
Wilson & Wilson, attorneys for the
Union Iron Works, demurred to the com
plaint on two grounds; first, that the Dis»
trict Court had no jurisdiction, and sec
ond, that the complaint did not set forth
facts sufficient to constitute a cause of ac
tion.
Judge de Haven decides that his court
has jurisdiction. On the second ground
of the demurrer he rules that the action is
m t prosecuted for the " benefit of the
Uniied States; that the plaintiff is not en
titled to maintain the action for his own
benefit and that the complaint is defective
in that it does not appear that the action
is brouerht to recover a- "penalty for the
United States.
The demurrer Is sustained and the plain
tiff is given ten days to amend the com
plaint in conformity with the court's opin
ion. ¦ ¦ ' /
The following are extracts from the act
on which Judge de. Haven bases his de
cision:
Section 3— That for every violation of any of
the provisions of section 1 of this act the per
son « • • shall forfeit and pay for every
such offense the sum of one thousand dollars,
which may be sued for and recovered by the
United States or by any person who shall first
bring his action therefor, including any such
alien or foreigner who may be a party to any
such contract or agreement, as debts ot like
of the United States; the proceeds to be paid
into the Treasury of the United States. • • •
And it shall be the duty of the District At
torney of the proper district to prosecute every
such suit at the expense of the United States-.
M AXES APPEAL TO COURTS.
President Johnson Representing Res-
taurant Men Asks for Injunction.
Although reports have been current
for some days that an agreement was
about to be reached. between the striking
cooks and waiters and the members of the
Restaurant Keepers' Association. Presi
dent Johnson of the latter association saya
that the matter is as far from settlement
as ever.
"There was an ill-advised conference be
tween a number of restaurant men and
representatives of the Cooks' and Waiters'
Alliance on Tuesday afternoon, but the
Restaurant Keepers' Association repudi
ates such action," said President Johnson.
"We are willing to treat with the mem
bers of the alliance, but we draw the line
with dealing with the Pan Francisco;La
bor Council and its affiliated bodies."
Mathias Johnson, proprietor of the res
taurants at 2S Montgomery street and 723
Market street, filed suit yesterday against
the Hotel and Restaurant Kmployes' In
ternational Alliance and Bar Tenders' In
ternational League of America, the Cooks'
ard AVaiters' Alliance Local Xo. 30; the
San Francisco Labor Council. Jefferson
D. Pierce. Edward Rosenberg. Walter
Goff and F. S. Hamilton to restrain them
from "picketing" men near the plaintiff's
testaurants for the purpose of harassing:
and annoying customers. The plaintiff is
represented by Bishop. Wheeler and
Hoefler and T. V. O'Brien. f
Labor Notes.
"Woodworkers' Union No. 15 has elected
the following named officers:
President, James Brown; vice president, John
Plugradt; recording secretary,. H. Zitch; finan
cial secretary, Julius Becker; treasurer, H.
Thieler; assistant secretary. O. Larsen; dele
grates to Building Trades Council, H. Neidlin
ger, H. Thieler, G. Franke, H. Sattler, George
Barrow; alternate, H. Zitch.
Reports as to the number of men who
are interested in the Ironworkers' strike
and who are going to work, vary from
each side. Some shops are running with
small crews, while others are entirely tied
up. The situation is somewhat grave.
Iron Works.
Decision in an Alien Labor
Suit Against Union *
Judge De Haven Sus
tains Demurrer in a
Penal Case.;
ROSENBERG WILL
NOT GET A FINE
•I'JtllfiV- »AJN Jj iXAJ> <J1PUU UAIjL., ; Til uVsD^^^U.A-E--' 6, 190K
MANY WILL MISS HIS FATHERLY
ADVIGE AND ENCOURAGING WORDS
. .
Philip S. Fay, Prominent in Business and Poitical
Circles, Dies at His Home in This City After
an Hiness Extending Over a Period of Months
5
If you want to '
know where to
go this Summer
:; - : '-'i
¦VTfcetber to a mineral spring report.!
. -where) you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal -waters, or to a farm, where you
can. enjoy the comfort and quiet home'
life of the? farmer, or to a "picturesque '
town, . from -which you can, in a short '
walk or drive, .commune with nature hafi
her valleys," foothills .'and mountain
canyons, or to a camp' along the bank
of some shady stream, . ' -. .
¦ > : .V;;:> ; i : ; ;¦'.": : , ¦-•*:•'
Call or write for , , , , . • -; .^
"VACATION I9O1"
This Is a little popk Just Issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations.' hotels' and' mineral;
spring resorts In Marln. Sonoma. Mendo-
clno and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and home?
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week. "".-.' v •' ' ,-' ¦¦ •¦ ' : : . :
Ticket offices 650 Market : street (Chronl-,
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General,
office; Mutual Life building. Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco. ;¦•';-.
, R. X. RIAN. . ¦';
General Passeng-er * Agent.
H. C. WHITING. General; Manager..
SANTA CATALIN A ISLAND.
8% HonrsV Ride' From "Los Angeles, 'Cal. •¦ •
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE "V'/EST.
Third ¦ Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-'
nament. auspices the "Tuna .Club.". ¦ r '"
Rlghth' Seftson of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradisf-. ' '
HOTEL METROPOLE and COT7NTRT CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments. ,,
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information. . hotel rates, unique 'ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to ' . . ¦ •
¦ ' 15. C. PECK. Agent.
¦ 10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
-. ' : Or BANNING CO..
j Ki South Srtrlng nt.. Los Angeles. C»l.
Af/« A/^A HOTVSPRINGS. SONOMA
xBf a /» fw Jv Co - • 4^ hours f rom
Un/l(/(/W San Francisco: but 9 miles
staging: waters noted for
medicinal virtues: best • natural bath in State:
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express: first-class . hotel and stage
service: morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 5:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
112 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery St.. or of J. F. MTJL-
QRKW. Skaggs." Cal. .
GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
' Trains leave Third and Townsend streets. at
9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. daily. • For rates and
Illustrated - pamphlets . address P. ROBERT-
BON, Prop. ' ¦ : : • - - ¦¦¦¦
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES. .
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from th* city;
most beautiful location and marine view: an
unexcelled summer and winter resort; tabla
and aervlce • of the best.
. "W. O. GRAHAM.
Late of Hotel Mateo. Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST 1 ATTRACTIVE FLACB IN iAKB
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
end boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DCR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.: ¦
4Br Three trains dally: 2*4 hour?' ride. A.
TSettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot - Spgs. , Cal.-
OWN A HOME 1 Vpul u CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free: saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp; board and
lodging $6: take Sausallto ferry, $3 round trip.
Address M. C. MEEKKR. or H...M. GREGSON,
Camp Meeker, Sonoma County. . v ; ..<.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
C ANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLAS3
9 family resort ;- main hotel and cottages:
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; Iong-dl3tance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 5P; open the year round.
Bend for circulars. -' . ¦ . '
-¦- J- H. HA KSTERS. Glen wood. Cal.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON, IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcB or campers. Further information ad-
dress J. B. BARNARD, Prop., Nlles, Cal. .... ¦'
W TOCALOMA. M^
Bertrand Hotel: flrst-class ;. accommodations:
reasonable rates for families and parties;, fish-
ing, bathing;, beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F.. BERTRAND. -or Bulletin In-
formation Bureau. 233 Kearny St.. S. F. -.:/ ¦-.¦
:^~\&^^^^~^
Various amusements. Large and small game.
Table and beds unsurpassed. - Rates only $8 and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st or address O. W.
R. TREDWAY, Prop., Glenbrook, Lake Co.. Cal.
VACATION DAYS.
Outing Suits in Homespun or Golflngs; Jack-
ets silk lined, made to order only. Special for
the next 30 days... — ::......:...:.... ...$24JiO
LESTER. Ladles' Tailor, 8 and 10. Kearny st.
, 'V •¦' v;cHrfspR/ivcs,) , i . . ,
The only place in the United States where
Vichy Water is | abundant. * The . only ¦ natural
Electric S Waters; Champagne 'Baths; I Spring*
Numerous: Baths Unequal ed. Three miles from
Ukiah. -;•-' J. A. REDEMEYER ¦ & CO.. • ,*
- ¦.¦'-.¦.¦..'. :V-v; ¦'.: ', .-, ', /¦¦-'¦"'¦ ' Proprietors.'-':,
DUNCAN SPRINGS,]
¦ ¦ Two miles 'from . Hopland; -best ¦ raedlclnal
waters In -the -State; fine ; hotel and - flrst-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottage*.
O. : HOWELL. Hopland. Mendoclno Co.. • Cal. .
• "TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS -FOB /A
few S guests; mountain ' scenery; pure air.
$8 .tier ; wk. » H. B. • LAWLET. ' Calistoga.; Cal.
v ¦:: .'. •'¦ ¦/¦/HOTEL'- BENVENUE. '
* - On the - shore . of . Clear Lake; home cooking;
$7 - per v week ¦ and * upwards. 1 - » F. .; and A. M.
.SCALES.; Lakeport. Lake County." CaL. >•• l;
CAMP REVERIE,
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS,
.. t'ln All Califopriia
| No Place Like This."
AnOuting
On aJJew Plan.
On June j. this year. CAMP REVERIE win
be opened In a redwood grove on the Guera*-
vill« branch of the California Northw«»t«r»
Railway, midway betwnen Fulton and OucnM-
?Hie.' . ¦- - ~
Handsome booklets wltb full details hav» bees
; left In Ticket Offices of th» California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room SI. Flood balldSng, 8am
Francisco. Office hours 13 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Vendome
Centra! California
San Jo?e Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome ia its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Ahim Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads.- Hotei- thoroughly modern and first class
in every, respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at '-Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SXELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Sta-fin?
To the prettiest, healthiest, moat restful o'..ir«
In all California. Resident physician. Kv-rr
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10. Jit tlC
UK ard Sit per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO
sl« Montgomery st.. and see photographs of
hotel. and surroundings. Wa Ulu pleasure ta
»T-it*n«r full i>articulars. Address CRAIO '*
OF? C.^C. O'DONNE-LU'S
JUS I.VERAL KHRINGS AT GLEN ELLE.V.
«»s-th« but ramping.- picnic and pleasure r«-
rort on th«- Const. . Tho greatest remedy f or ¦
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints.
rheumatism and catarrh .In tba wtrld: 4»
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. awl 9. F.
* N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
M cottages and t»ntn furnished: rent cheap;
no fogs -nor poison oak at the park: mln«rml
w»t»r. Tftoatw and hathine free. Innulr» of DR.
C. C. O-DONXELL. office 1021H Market. b»t.
6th «n<1 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pitanur* and longevity this Is th# plac* to go.
ANNOUNCEMENT! "'
To all persons desiring a beautiful place for
ramping would say that TVardland Is situated
In Eoncma County. In the heart of the Giant
Redwoods. Camoing grounds are absolutely
free- and onlv fl\-e . minutes walk . from the
denot. The climate is equable and free from
cold. winds. An abundance of pure water, fish-
ing and 'hunting. Provisions easily secured
rear camp grnund"*. Take Nnrth Pacific Coast
Railway to Freestone. -Cal. Good accommoda-
tions .-^sured. Family ramners cannot do bet-
ter. ¦-¦• For .further .particulars address I. T.
"WARD. Freestone, Cal. : . ¦.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot SDrings. but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. • Xo staging: 46 miles via C. N. Rv.
or S. P. P. R. Immense swimming tank.
Splendid taM». . Come Sundays, try It- Round
trip, SI 10. Telenhone. expensive imnrovements:
ni ahd J14. COOPER & SHEDDEN. Agua
Callente, Cal.
i WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.; Cal., !< miles Tbt •
stage west of Williams; fare 13. Hottest anil
strongest water on the Coast: temperature 143
dec Cures rheumatism, dropsy, xatt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dvspep-
f!a. catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-storr
' hotel: fine new bathhouse. B«ard »n<Hodsr1nr.
including baths. $10 a week. .WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. -
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
P m!l«s from station: b»autlf'.il view; moun-
tain scenery: stood hunting. ' Cjhlgg In moun-
tain streams: short distance from .Oeyper*:
dslly mall: $7 per week. Further particulars '
address G. H. TJT*ACK. Oevsci-viile. Pnnoma Co.
BL MONTE HOTEL.
. • First -class family resort: climate unsur-
passed; great relief for people with asthma; 63
rniles frrm S. F. ; fare tl S5; free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Offlr», 20 Montstomery st.. or
of JOHN XEVILL. Proprietor. Los Gatos.
THE- GEYSERS; Ssss-
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. SATf.
ral pteam baths: »win«nlnB, flshln*. hunt-
!nr and livery. ¦ "Write .for -pamphlet.' TL
WTTRTHKIMKR. msnagpr. ,
Whith rulphu^ springs.
2% hours' ride from S. F. : & miles from Vat-
lejo. . Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema." kidney., liver, smmach diseases.
Hotal and Cottages rerovated. T^ke for boating
•nd bathlng.-nanelngPsivllion: J5» to tin a w»ek.
Special. rates fami'les. M.MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
j r^.H f\ rx.iN i^«; b •" f» r\.
First-class family resort In th« Nar<* red-
woods. Exhilarating air. 9 hunting, fishing,
swimming and boatlnsr. Term* reasonable. In-
quire THT5O. BLANCKKNBtTRO JR.. Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co.. or .The Traveler's Bureau.
20 Montgomery st. ¦.
WeiLNUTmEOF.; -
Located 2 miles east of Santa- Rosa on Santa
Rosa' Creek. AH the luxuries of a term.
: Warm springs fnr bathing; mall,di».lly.t 3. P.
trains 'stop at Walnutmere. Address ; J. F.
* BURGEPS. Santa Roaa.
' WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena.' Board and, room,
$7. a. week: camping privileges, tl 30 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena. ,
LAKEPORT AND ' BARTLKTT SPRJNGS
I STAGE LI1IE.— Hopland to Bartlett Sprinss.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
pert and Bartlett Spring. Stages connect
•' with. trains, at Hopland. . Leave Hoptand at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30: arrive : at
•.Bartlett Springs at 7:30.' New 6-horse 1.4-paa-
. senger tourist wagons, made to order for.thU
¦ stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
' menu. ¦ Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs ««tll for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stase Une. . >•« ' «. . -j
' ,. ... ..MILLER * HOWARD.' Proprietor*.'
LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Yosemita
Stage, all outside scats. Leaves Calistoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. ra.,, direct I
¦ to Harbin. Selgler, Adams. Howard. A nder- .
• -. son.-Astorgs, and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
tickets; half an hoar for. lunch at Calistoga:
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake. ICelseyvilie
and Lakeport. . WM. SPIERS. Proprietor. ' , ¦ -
LAGUNA FARM— 1H miles from Mt. .Olivet'
station: boating, fishing, bathing; <¦> per. we*k. .
MRS. R. BALLARD, ; Mt OUvet. Sonoma C&
• ¦ ¦ - * ¦ • » " irrTr*iTirariTTir l irr*in*-i" J i-iiii«wli
I/Sapitola]
t^^Sf^^ booklet. Address
B H. M. BRIARE. Prop.
j. §¦ ' • Hotel Capitola; or
1:: FRANK REAMiEP.Supt
\ ¦ v—^ ' • Capitola, Cal.
PARAIS©
HOT SPRINGS.
' A ' KTOtto,' "J400 feet' up In the coast rarcf.
overlooking the .broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog and winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature: seven miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub. and plunsre: special-. bathhouses for ladies:
massage- treatment: cement swimming tank.
30x60; hunting and fishlnjr; all popular eam»s;
hotel, cottages and grounds Illuminated bjOgaa;
telephone and P. O.: round-trio ticket $S. C;
T. ROMIE, prop.: J. O. VALPEY. manager.
| .vNAPA^: j Napa County.
SODA SPRINGS! Ga}
THE - MOST , BEAUTIFUL" . OF ALL
" health ' resorts. ••-"»-•
• Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolamne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from. San Fran-
cisco $32. - Round trip from . Stockton $27.
Staging . VA hours | firzt afternoon end 9 hours
next day. arriving at Tosemit" Valley S p. Tn.
Kend for Illustrated folder., ,W"M. J. WRITE.
Gen' 1 "Agent. 630 Market wt.. • opposite Palaca'
Hotel. S. F.: tel. Black 3571. -
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California: lots amusement: fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates. J10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circular* at city office.
91S Laikln St., S. F. . DRURY & KROEGER.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. 1 Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn "aDd Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. , ; ,.- « V ¦¦•
JT^^ m ~^^ mm THE NETW BUILDINGS AND !
Hni T rT»«2 Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
him 11 o gp hoo i w}n b, open to- rammer
MENLO ¦ Fleets during Jun» and July.
-__ Superior ¦ climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable rric?*. Ad-
1 ' dress IRA G. HOITT.
ORCHARD SPRINGS SsHSSg.
la tb. r<M^JIl> of tha Slrrra N«t«4» Mmiataiu. n«r Colfai, on
C.P. R. R.. IS8 mlln from San Fruchco. >o.i«r1ne Plain,
qcl.t retreat; ilnnt trr aery, water, mountain air. fruit and cttraaM
In Cal'famia. Meal foreit. emnndi «a<t mrrnnnrtlnirt. $S ¦ watit.
6.nd far booklet. ORCHARD SFRI NG8, Colfti, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
I Finest fishing, hunting and health-resort on'
the coast. ¦ Climate perfect. On Klamath .River.
Rates, $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call ' Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery . St.. or
address- EDSON BROS.,' . Beswick. Slskiyou
County, Cal. '¦<-.. . . ¦ ..-.¦'
..;¦;,:.¦ RUBICON. PARK, v
A delightful Summer resort on' the- shore of
Lake Tahoe. Efverythlhg new.' Best beach for
bathing on the lake.- Fishing and hunting.
'Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erate hire; $2 per day, or $10, $12 and $1J per
week.' Postofflce,* telephone. A. L. FROST,
, Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal. •-'
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottages.- large hall,
pianos, . billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena, $7. Inquire at- Beadle Bros.*, 34
Mission, i and N. P. R. R-. Co.. 14 Sansome St.,
or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point Arena,
Cal..'- ..... -«,•¦:'.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure, fishing, ', hunting .and swimming: good
table; guests at home; never fail-to comeback
again ; send for • souvenir. VIC i PONCELET,
Llagas. .. ¦ - - ¦ v • -
"~~ S5O.OO .
Or less' will cover all expenses of a 10 days*
trip to Yosemite. . Curry's Office, 630 Market
st.. S. F. ' - • * Vn<*
YOSEMITE!!
~\' %.* CflMJ» CUKKY ¦' '
Makes It possible for you to spend a week or a
month in Yosemite without exhausting all your
resources. Rates. J12 per week; $45 per month.
Office too Market st. '
yOSEUffTEf J
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME, .
AMID : THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO- t
clno. Visit this quiet little reaort for
tolid comfort. For I particulars apply to S.
BTRATTON. S Klghth street, qty. .
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE, TO ENJOY OOOT)
HEALTH. >ND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop., Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.
Will I1W DAffiTH former " Proprietor .W.
. W ILL U ff It All WU Crandell— A summer hom«
in the- redwood3, B miles from. Santa- Crua;
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for itself..
For particulars. TULEY A ILIT*"*. , Santa Cruj.
'BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. - O. - EL VERANO. Cal.. Verano . Station*
(Kings Crossing))/ on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral ¦ baths near by. .¦ Terms.
$1 per day and upward. ' PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee. . - ¦ - .
C k RIP T A VI HO Cottages.' camping, l fishing;
VAOll IAILUK 29 miles from S. .F.; laths
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. ] ,G: MARTIN, Proprietor.
HO IFORTHB GEYSERS. .
. Via C. ".' C. - Foss'- Stage Line from Calistoga.'
The scenic route. Livery In connection.- C C
FOSS. • Proprietor. \ Calistcsra, t CaL , . , ¦ . • ; .
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Report of
Progress
..'at our ..
QUICKSILVER MINES.
At the SILVER CREEK QUICKSILVER
MINE, nine miles from San Jose. MR. ROB-
ERT SCOTT, the greatest furnace builder In
the world, and the Inventor of the
Scott Tile Furnace, states that he will have
the furr.ace and condensers completed on June
2a Stock Is now selling at 75 cents per share,
and will be advanced about that date without
notice. We are of the opinion that our mine
will prove to be as good as the Almaden, in
which event this stock will be worth at least
J2C0 per share.
At the BRADFORD QUICKSILVER MINE.
In -San.~Benlto Orunty, we own 400 acres of
land. United States patent, and have a shaft
down 260 feet In ore. w'.th complete hoist and
bullfllngB and about 1000 feet of tunnels- In the
ledge all ready for a furnace.- Stock in this
mine now selling for SOc per share if taken
'with equal amount of Sliver Creek stocks at 73
cents.
' H. R. BRADFORD.
Managing Owner, '
7 North Market St.. San Jose.
Prcrpectus and exhibits at branch office, 413
Ketrny eU, San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
DR. NAST
SPECIALIST
Heart and Kidney.
Successfully treats and cures all dis-
eases of the genitourinary organs.
All diseases of the - vajfina. ' uterus
and ovaries. Sterility cured. Valuable
information freely given~ to married
women.
. All men suffering in. any way from
diseases, recent or of lone: standing;
inflammations of, the bladder, pros-
tate gland v pr kidney. [j .
All unfortunate conditions of chil-
dren and old * people resulting in-
ufinary difficulties. . • . ..
FREE! FREE! FREE!
All who call upon or address Dr.
Nast before July' 1 will be treated
free until cured and charged only a
small fee^to coverthe actual cost of
the medicines used!
; Consultation Tree To 'All.
DR.NASTy
1504'Market St., ;
. 'Corner City_ Hall; Square. " \
. ¦ Office hours, 9 " a. m. to *8 p. m.
Sundays 11 a. m. to 2 p. m.
v r " ADVEBTISEMEirrS. \ :
Positively cured by these
Little PH2s.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness.' Bad . Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Ton jarue. Pain i»«
the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thiv
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small. Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
When You've Reached
the limit of exhausted patience with other
laundries' work, send us a bundle and note
the effect our work will have on your linen
and your spirits. There is nothing that is
good In laundry work that we don't do,
and we've many little knacks of our own
for our patrons' benefit. .
No saw edges.
UNITED'STATES LAUNDRY^
' Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av«.
-^ Str.etly Reliable.
i^J Dr.Talcott
Diseases and
\v Weakness of
fTOjMENONIiT
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OF GENERAL
debility, and convalescence following- certain
diseases, such is the io-wered standard of the
I vital processes that the function of no organ is
1 perfectly performed, and with the resulting: de- ;
I pressicn,the patient lias a REAL weakness.'
The physician's first thought, under these con-
. dlt'.ons, Is nerve and other tonics.
I Not Weakness ; Symptoms
I - By far the greater, number of patients, how- !
i ever, seelcine relief for so-called "Weakness" |
Is furnished by healthy- and robust men. On
- examination, I we find a Prostate Gland which
! has been damaged by -either- a, contracted -dls-
! order or early j dissipation. These patients
have no weakness at all. Pretnatureness, Loss.
of Vitality, etc., are the ' symptoms, or disor-
dered function, of the chronically inflamed
prostate gland. We find by curing this inflam-
mation- that full vipor at once returns. ¦ It
should be understood that tonics, electricity,
etc., might cure a real weakness, but would do
harm in Inflammation. . The main object is to
reduce the size of the tender, swollen and In-
flamed prostate. This we accomplish by local
treatment, thus avoiding drugs. Men who have
.unsuccessfully treated for a weakness , should
now understand the cause of failure.
JS9T MARKET STREET. Cor. Slxth._
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
¥ . (t) 1051IUBSETSB.tat.6th*7ti,B.r.61.i
\ t#^ The Laigest Anatomical Museum in the \
ft World. . Weaknesses or »ny rontracted A
i. BCSPM disease positivrly enrad by the oldeit Y
# lESJ Specialist on the Coast. Hst. 36 years. C
i flSg j DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ W MJKkl Consultation free and strirtly private. \
§ I jSVe H Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ B')r ylft Potitive <^ur»ineTerycaseun<lertakon. \
B F II II W Write for Book. rniLOSUPHV at A
"II ' 11^ WAHniACK, MAILED FREE. CAT
> • valuable book for mrn) - . \
f I>«. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. W
VOGAPHONE,
Hearing instrument. A most re-
markable aid for the' deaf. Call
and test it.
- . n . j t-Hoiuu Scientific-
6 4Z~ Market 5t. instruments
UNDER CHRONICLE BUILDING. CATALOGUE FREE.
ftit^fflHtd^ot m B1 " *fl« • non-polsonota
< naD w %Ki remody for Uonorrhoaa,
jMzmPcTittEiriKi Olegt, Spermatoirha-*.'
M^BBflo lto5<l»T»-^H ""' te '« unnatural dij>
SHIm Onsranteed charge , or any inflamma-
VSI not ts iuieimre. tion, \ ritation or ulcora-
[¦— i^PrtTanu eontM^on. tion <f tn neons niem-
¦fTSlTKEEvAHS CheMIChCo. 1 '. branes. Non-astringent.
1^4ciNCINNATI,0.raH Sold by »ru B «l.U,
*HL ng. JA or sent in plain wrapper,
¦^Befc^P-g-^-^a by cxpre»B, prepaid, for
"V^HKlkiJVf^^M eiw > ur 3 bottles, |2.73.
** : :ular aont'ou reqaastt
Weak Meii and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA : BITTERS. 7 THE
great Mexican • remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual ! organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORS
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogrues and Price Lists Mails J
: ,011; Application.
COAL.' COKE AND PIQ IROX
J.C WILSONS .WyjS^gSgi^Jhfc:
CW "^MITH Shlp £i. umb| n*. Steamboat and
• TT« OlllllH, ship Work a ppeclalty.- U and
18 Washington et. . Telephone Main B64L : ->.
% VfRESH'AND SALT.MEATS.' '
ll^*'-HOYF'5/t'Cft->S llppUllt ' But ehers. 104
J A3< I Dv I C3 tt v if- Clay. - TeL Main U94. :
-'.¦¦¦• ;.-..¦ •¦:., - ;»;;¦ ;oils. .-'¦ ;:¦-;¦; ;---v.v '.-'
LUBRICATING OTLS. ,1-KONAKD & KTAAS.
<tS Front tit.; .S. T. Phone Main '171ft. •-
¦.'"- ¦ , ¦•¦.--""'.¦:;'¦;,..
F f HFTfiHF^ printer, v .
C-V IlLUHCji BU Sansome rt.. a F.^
- * PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.^'
• i- - • . ,. .. ; - *3 Fim Street Ban Francitco.The disappearance of the long hostility between the
two > races is- a fact of great importance -in European
affairs. It is' a striking evidence of the wisdom of the
Kaiser's policy "of conciliation toward France arid jus
tifies, his action in "dismissing Bismarck # and "getting
rid.of the old ariti- French influences at his court. For
many a year it was:doubtful.whether.his repeated man
ifestations of a desire for friendly relations with France
would have" any marked effect, but it now seems they
have been successful. . By w reason/of. the clash; of in
terests*between French. and British in Africa French
hostility , has once more turned against the ancient
foe,-,and for; the present. the'Kaiser sees^hisknopes of
a friendly France blossoming around? him. 'He may
yet live to see "Frahce included in the famous alliance
withV Austria and Italy,, and thus 'obtain, for Germany
and himself the undisputed headship of Western' Eu
rope,;.with strength enough' to undertake thegreatest
adventures his, ambition may prompt.
While the . troopers ! of the two nations were thus
showing in a rough way their friendliness a similar
feeling was -being exhibited in a widely different' way
in Germany itself. The Kaiser's annual spring, re
view of the guards 'at Berlin was attended this year by
a number of French officers for the first time since the
Franco-Prussian war. • The Kaiser is said to have
shown them marked attention at every stage of the
review, and in the course^ of his speech at the ban
quet afterward he said: "The Brigade of Guards en
joysthe honor 'of the presence oftwo gallant French
officers among them' for the first time' in many years,
as also for. the first. time French and German- soldiers
fought shoulder to - shoulder for "¦ civilization,
against' a common 'foe in faithful and loyal brother
hood^ I hail, the' fact with great satisfaction.' I drink
to the health of the : two, gallant officers arid their
glorious army." ,. .. ' ; ' \ " , . . v
A recent dispatch from Tientsin announced a serious
affray among the troops in that city caused by the in
terference of the British Fusileers, who were acting
as a. police, to prevent a. number of French soldiers
from housebreaking: , The French, resenting the in
terference, attacked the" British, and as soon as the
affray became known a number of German soldiers
went to the, assistance of the "French, and it was not
until a strong guard was called t out that the affray
was checked.:, ; .
OF the minor events connected with the joint
occupation of. China by the allied troops
: none have been more interesting than the fre
quent manifestations of international' likes and dis
likes among the rank and file of the various armies.
It might have been expected that the French and the
Germans^ for example, would regard each other with
a mutual hostility, but the reverse has been the case.
In fact, the soldiers of the two former enemies have
repeatedly fraternized, while neither of them has
shown any liking for the. British or for ourselves.
THE -FRENCH AND THE GERMANS:-
ANOTHER RISE IN BEEF.
WHEN beef advanced, 40 per cent last winter
those who do not seek, far for causes said -it
was due to the season of the year. .That rise
has remained, become permanent, and is now followed
by another rise of 3 cents a pound" right in the height"
of the grazing season, when the spring grasses are at
their best and the conditions affecting. the production
of beef are in their most favorable phase. , No sorcery
is needed to find the cause of this permanent rise in an
important food article. It is found in' the decrease of
the supply. The most economical production of beef,
is on the ranges, in the arid regions west of the
ninety-ninth meridian. The cattle industry there has
supplied the domestic demand and kept the slaught
ering centers busy packing for a growing foreign de
mand. JBut in the six years last past the range cattle
have decreased 60 per cent, the supply has. fallen. off
more than half, while the domestic demand "increases
with the. population and the foreign demand spreads
with the increase of ouk export trade. "
Cattle men know that to-day there are no big
steers left in the United, States. The stock has been
gleaned down 'until animals are slaughtered younger
than ever before, and the calf crop is invaded to sup
ply the butcher's block. It takes three years to pro
duce a big steer, and with the younglings sent to the
poleax the crop of full. age animals is cut off.
This condition is brought about by the decrease in
range cattle, and that in turn is due to the destruction
of the forage on the arid ranges of the public do
main. As these were used in common there has been
np disposition to preserve the grasses.' Each herds
man has eagerly secured what' he could in the pres
ent and without regard to the future. Finally, the
ranges are being finished by sheep, which drive the
cattle off and tramp and feed the forage clean, leaving
neither root nor seed for. renewal of the crop.
The remnant of the cattle interest is in battle array
to protect grass enough to feed what cattle are left.
The sheep have destroyed the fine public pastures in
Southern Utah, and are now being driven into Colo
rado and Nevada to encroach on the cattle ranges.
The day that beef rose 3 cents a pound in Chicago
cowboys at Gunnison, Colo., surrounded 5000 Utah
sheep, made prisoners^ of the shepherds and killed
2500 sheep. Similar war in Idaho and .Wyoming,
Montana and Arizona, has already been commented
upon.
The sheep first drive out cattle and then -destroy
what is left of the pasture, and have to be driven on
to repeat the operation, leaving the country a^desert
behind them. It is a struggle for existence on pub
lic property, for the use of which there is n© law nor
regulation, except poison and the Winchester.
The sheep men enjoy the benefit of a heavy wool
tariff, get the feed for their sheep for nothing and
destroy cattle-growing, to the injury of the beef
eater, who must pay higher prices. They. inflict, there
fore, a triple exaction upon the people^ — the wool
tariff, the destruction of public property on the
ranges, and a higher price for beef. , The remedy is
simple, easily within reach and does no injustice to
the sheep or cattle interest. It lies in the leasing of
the arid ranges, under such regulation as protects" the
small and large stock-t>\vner, the mineral prospector
and the agricultural homesteader. Then those who
use this public p'roperty will pay for its use; each
stock man will keep his sheep and cattle on his own
leasehold; each will take an interest in the renewal
of the forage; the ranges will carry more stock; the
beef supply will increase, benefiting both the pro
ducer and consumer, and the wool tariff Willie safer
when the people feel that they are not paying it for
wool which is produced at their expense, on pastures
they own, unpaid for by the flock-masters.
• The American Cattle-growers' Association acknowl
edges the justice of this leasing policy. The Ameri
can Wool-growers' Association opposes it. Individual
flock-masters, who own land already and know that
the nomad sheep men are endangering the wool tariff
by their aggressions, are also in favor of leasing. \ ¦
A Western committee is organized to draft a lease
bill for action by the next Congress. It is proposed
that the revenue from the leases, which are estimated
at $10,000,000 a year, shall be returned to the' States
and Territories where they are derived for use in irri
gation works instead of demanding appropriations for
that purpose out of the Federal treasury. It is diffi
cult to discern a reason for opposing such a law, out
side of mere selfishness expressed in a desire < to get
something for nothing. A vast portion of the public
domain in the arid regions is fit for grazing only. At
present that is its sole value, and therefore its only
value is being destroyed, permanently, by its use in
common.
The approaching national convention of the Ep
worth League in San Francisco will have two mean
ings of deep importance to the city. We will welcome
and entertain many thousands of . men and women
whom we will care very much to meet, and .-we will
be seen by people whose impressions of us we will
strive to make the best.
The local'dunese slaves who change their names
as they change their masters are inspired probably by
the same reason by which a new name is given: to a
Jonah ship— deception. , - .
The labor exploited in the operation will be Ameri
can labor, forced to meet coolie competition. Filipino
labor cannot be exploited, for there is none.
Not a word about the placeboic dose of commercial
and fiscal union. They do not want a union whose
benefits are to come to them only as the result of hard
work. They can enjoy a political union, the indepen
dence of incorporation into the Union of the United
States, without working, and that is what they want.
The country can be exploited, but the people cannot
be. Its exploitation can be brought about only by
the emplojinent of Chinese coolie labor, and the profit
of the exploiters' will arise in low wages and free ad
mission to the American market, which is what'eom
mercial and fiscal union means.
Mr. Albert Sonnichsen has just published a book,
"Ten Months a Captive Among the Filipinos," which
is indorsed by Dewey and other American officers,
and also by papers of such opposite opinions as the
Outlook, the Nation and the New York Times. Son
nichsen agrees with nearly every other observer of
the Philippine situation that the insurgent govern
ment had the practically unanimous support of the
people, but they were willing to have peace on con
ditions stated by the Presidents of Ilocano, who fa
vored American rule but said: "The only basis on
which peace can be established between us and the
Americans is the total abolition of monastic frater
nities and representation in your Congress,, with home
self-government. On no other terms will the insur
gents surrender, and, although they may be conquered
by superior forces, the spark of rebellion will always
remain ready to burst into flame , at every oppor
tunity."
Now we do not believe that the great body of Fili
pinos care a fig for commercial and fiscal union.
They are not a commercial, industrial nor industrious
people. Like all tropical people, they have no com
mercial ambition. The labor in the islands which pro
duces a surplus for export is Chinese, labor. The na
tives do not dream of commercial greatness.
If the Chronicle mean that the Philippines and
Porto. Rico arc to be made potential States, by being
made Territories, as a condition of Republican peace,
there will be no peace. The American people do not
want such States, nor such citizens, and therefore do
not want any party to take the first step toward
making them States and citizens. No doubt that is
what the Filipinos want, and from their standpoint we
do not blame them. But there is also an American
standpoint, which will be ignored by any party at its
peril.
The Chronicle says that only "commercial and fis
cal union is demanded, not Anly as a means of pre
venting the commercial exploitation of a subject peo
ple, but also as the only means by which they can
ever become loyal American citizens, or by which we
can escape the cost and disgrace of holding in sub
jection a discontented and rebellious people by main
taining in their midst a standing army of what they
will consider an alien race."
THE San Francisco Chronicle discovers that
there is need of immediate peace within the
Republican party, and that it can be secured
only by placing the Philippines "where Hawaii now
is and Porto Rico soon will be."
THE ISLAND ISSUE.
SENATOR MORGAN'S PROGRAMME.
SENATOR MORGAN is not so much occupied
with the task of providing a means for disfran
chising the negroes of Alabama without violat
ing the letter of the constitution of the United States
as to be neglectful of the need ¦ of the Democratic
party for guidance in national affairs. He has re
cently contributed to the discussion of, that subject
a lengthy letter, in which he sets forth the platform
and the tactics by which he believes Democracy, may
win. . .--;-¦; ¦¦¦¦'•• ' :* *"- >. -
• After an elaborate review of the situation as seen ;
from his intensely partisan standpoint and extensive
arguments upon various issues which he; would have
the Democratic party take up he summarizes the
whole platform in this way: "A demand for the pay
ment of the national debt; for free markets, without
payment of tariff taxes, between each' arid every port
of the world that is included within the . sovereign
ownership and possession of the United States; for
the old specie basis, as broad and solid as it can be
made by all the treasures of gold and silver that. we
can control, . at the ratio of 16 to 1, or' 'something
equally as good'; for the annexation ofXuba, with
the free consent of those people; for. the government
of the Philippines through acts of Congress, 'and
offices created by law", with salaries fixed by law;; and
appointments to office, when made by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,' and
not by legislators; and Judges whose official conduct
shall be 'in such manner as the President shall direct,'
as the Spooner amendment requites; the collection
of the income taxes, as required by' the Dingley. tariff
law, which is in force, according to the official admis
sion of the President;, arid by unrelenting opposition
to all abuses of the powers of taxation.", ' ;. : ) '-" ¦
Jt will be seen the old fighter is eager to, fight all
his battles. o'er again. He wishes to revive the free
trade agitation, the free silver controversy . and • the
unconstitutional income tax. ; It will be noted that he
ANSWERS TO OORKESPONDISNTS.
FUNNY PAJIAGRAPHS-J. and T., City,
Such funny paragraphs as are not copy
righted are common property and may be
used by any newspaper, with the expecta
tion, of course, that the paper using such
will give credit to the one from which it
is taken. /> ;> *.*.
STOLEN PROPERTY— M.." City. If a
person has Jewelry or any other property
stolen from him and subsequently discov
ers that it Is in the possession of a per
son who may not be the one who stole It
he has the right to" go" before the Police
Court authorities, obtain a search war
rant, have the property taken by a police
officer and then prove ownership in coui't.
If he proves that the property was stolen
and also proves ownership the property
will be restored to him without cost. He
will not be required to pay anything to
the pr.rty from whose possession it was
taken. ; • . . » .
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10 to 49c. Look out
for -81 Fourth, front of barber and grocery.*
"Wlmbleton— Hello, old man: have you
taught your dog any new tricks lately?
Qulmbleton — Yes; I've been teaching him
to eaf out of my hand. • He ate a big
piece out of it yesterday. — Harvard Lam
poon.
Tahiti and Marquesas Islands.
The steamship Australia, sailing June 2fl, for
Tahiti, will call at Nouka Hlva, Marquesas
Islands, both ways. The trip is only nine days
from San Francisco. This special voyage of
fers an unusual opportunity 'to visit th«se
beautiful islands. About a week's stop will'
be made In Tahiti, where one of the most
unique native festivities takes place July _/14,
testing three days. .
Illustrated pamphlet and ; programme of
events free at 643 Market street.
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen' sFoot-Ease.a powder. It makes tight or new
shces feel easy. Cures Corns, Bunions, Swollen
Tired, Swea.tlng-,Achlng- feet. 10,000 testimonials.
At * all druggists and shoe stores, 23c Ask to-day.
Sample free.AddressAllenS.Olmsted,LeRoy,N.Y:
Prepared by Experts' and Specialists.for
The San Francisco Call, w
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
What: Must; Be Done: to Give the Child- Its
; Physical, Moral and In
tellectual Development. '
VERSITY OF ILLINOIS.
By'-Dr. "Walter S. Oliristoplier,
PROFESSOR OF CHILDREN'S DISEASES, MEDICAL. SCHOOL. OF, THE I7NI-
. '' (COPYRIGHT,; 1901.)
XVT.— FBHTCIPLiES OF CHILD TBAINlNCK
second function , Is by - far the most im
portant, for it will give knowledge which
can' be applied not only to the given pa
tient, not only utilized by the community
In which It has -arisen, but which Is of
general applicability everywhere, within
the scope which it specifically covers.
All these remarks are true of hospitals
in general, but why should children's
hospitals be especially established- along
such lines as are here outlined? All that
has gone before in these papers shows
that every fact relating to the natural
history of child life is a fact utillzable
for the benefit of. the race In a construc
tive way, and not merely in a. separative
way. In pathology It promotes preven
tion, and "an ounce of prevention Is
worth a pound of cure." -
Physical Development of the Child.
.Important as is the mtitter of the physi
cal development of : the child, it has not
received* the attention It deserves. The
first formal treatise on the diseases of
children was published in Sweden about
150 years ago, and the bulk of the world's
literature . on thai subject has - been pro
duced In the past thirty yeara, and this
In a profession which has existed for cen
turies. Even to-day 'the subject is treat
ed in a stepmotherly way in our medical
colleges,' comparatively few of » which
made adequate provision for its teaching.
The term physical training, which ,is
broad enough to cover the management
of the whole body, has Instead a . very
special and limited meaning, referring en
tirely to gymnastic and allied proceed
tures. Physical training has for ita pri
mary ideal muscular development, and
only incidentally the improvement of oth
er structures of the body. That exercise
does influence all other structures of the
body is, of course, true; so also is It true
that Improvement of other organs and
structures influences secondarily the
muscular system. Physical training may,
and often does, influence organs other
than the muscles unfavorably, and its
indiscriminate use is to be ¦ guarded
against. It is a powerful engine, and that
it is not always used with just discrimi
nation is not to be laid at its door, for it
not a means of investigation, but merely
of application, and principles modifying
its use must be sought through other
channels. .
Intellectual Development in Schools.
The intellectual development of the child
is intrusted to the schools, the greatest
single institution which the race pos
sesses. If it was necessary. to deplore the
slow accumulation of knowledge relating
to the physical development of the child.
it is more . necessary to deplore the still
slower accumulation of knowledge relat
ing to the child's Intellectual development.
In both instances a priori ideas and meth
ods of application have predominated, and
investigation of principles has lagged.
The educational world was surprised
some years ago by the intrusion of psy
chology into its domain. It is, however,
gradually accommodating itself to the in
trusion. More recently . it has met an
other intruder, in the shape of the so
called child study, which as yet has by
no means received a warm welcome. Both
these intruders have brought with them
the idea of Investigation. Each has as its
function the determination of facts relat
ing to the development of the child, and
from these facts the -formulation of defi
nite ; laws ,' of development, which must
subsequently be used to modify the peda
gogic methods and subject matter." - " : ¦*.
-Schools were originally established to
train the intellectual functions of the
brain." The training of the other func
tions of the brain was left to the other
activities of the child, which accomplished
the work fairly well. So -long, as life was
limited to relatively small communities
where the activities of the children , were
numerous and varied a wide education
occurred. But when the advancement of
"civilization : produced „ conditions which
prevented the child from coming into di
rect and frequent contact with nature
this education failed. Contact with plant
and animal life not only. gave information
concerning such objects, but trained the
senses through which such information
.was obtained. . The more natural, less so
phistical and wider range : of plays and
duties gave to the child of a generation
ago an opportunity for motor training, of
which he is to-day largely deprived. Such
part of a child's life is as truly education
as is the intellectual training. . The de
ficiency to-day of such training makes it
necessary for some other agency to take
up the work. This agency can only be the
school, at least for the overwhelming ma
jority of the children- in large cities. The
schools are attempting this new duty and
thus- there appears in the modern curric
ulum manual . training and other con
structive work, drawing, music, nature
study and physical training.! Thus, the
schools," ¦ originally organized for the pur
pose of promoting the development of the
intellectual function of -the brain, find
themselves forced to moderate the devel-
Nothing so refreshing- as a half wineglass of
Dr.Siegert's AngosturaBittera before meals, the
South American appetizer. Beware of imitation.
For a long time "there has been -a demand on the
part of good citizens for a, law which will ensure hon
esty and fair dealing at the primaries. 1 ' There is every
reason to believe the present law fulfills those de
mands, but it is to be borne in mind it does no more
than dflford men a right to vote and to have the vote
counted.. If good' citizens stay away .from the pri
maries we shall-iiave no better municipal government
than heretofore. The issue is before the citizens. The
bosses will have every man of their following regis
tered and ready for voting when the election takes
place, and unless the better elements of the com
munity are equally vigilant and active the victory will
go to the bosses. - _ -
It is estimated that there are upward of 15,000 voters
in the city who are entitled to register and to vote,
but whose names have not yet been registered. Among
them'are quite sure to be many of that class of citi
zens upon whom the ' municipality depends for the
election of hoiiesVand capable officials. Such men
wrong not only themselves but their fellow citizens
and the community as a whole when they neglect a
political duty of this kind, and accordingly any one
who has not properly registered should at once attend
to it.
. 6/ All- pers»is who were registered, but by moving out
of their respective precincts, or' otherwise, have lost
their right to vote. • . . " •
6. All electors who have changed their residence from
county in this State to this county since the
last general election, and prior to May 15, 1901.
4. All foreign-born citizens naturalized within ninety
/days next preceding the last general electi^i,; and all
foreign-boi-n citizens naturalized since the last general
election and prior to May 15, 1901." ,.
i 3. All native - male ¦ citizens not - registered who have
secured a residence in the State and county since the
last general election. • ......
The first duty to be attended to is that of registra
tion. Citizens who were registered last year and
who have not changed their, residence need not regis
ter; but there are considerable numbers of • persons
entitled to register and to vote who are not in that
category. The Registrar, has recently issued a no
tice that his office is now open for registration for the
primaries and. will continue open for that purpose
until the close of August 3. The following are en
titled to register and must do so if they . desire to
take part in the primaries: ¦ . -
1. All persons not registered at the last election, but
who were, entitled thereto.
2. All native male citizens who have arrived at age
since the last general election.
ALTHOUGH-* the municipal primary elections
are not. to be held until August 13 it is none
the' less. full time for good citizens to give at
tention to .them' and to* arrange/ for taking part in
them. The politicians are already active, and it is a
foregone conclusion that the bosses have their fol
lowing in readiness even at this early date.
PREPARE FOR THE - PRIMARIES.
According to a decision of the United States Su
preme Court corporations that have extended their
mining shafts under the city of Leadville must pay for
the privilege of working them, and it is estimated the
royalty will amount " to $2,000,000 a year. Leadville
ought to be able to live easy on that.
; , Of » these I various ¦ functions which is ,the
most I important ? To the | patient undoubt
edly the first, x T 3ut . this function," in * actual
practice,', will never ; be * carried '¦ out ¦ satis
factorily unless the second and third ¦; are
also in ¦ operation/"^ Tot the community the
: So that we are prepared .to Bay to-day
that every hospital' to do ¦ its .whole duty
by the cqmmunity, which supports it must
perform three general functions. (1) It
must'take care of the, sick intrusted to it.
after the ;. manner of the highest art or
modern • medicine — that . is," ' it •> must make
the , most complete - possible investigation
of each case for the purpose of thorough
and ; complete . diagnosis, and- must apply
the best possible treatment . which diagno
sis shows • to , be necessary. •, (2) It ; must
keep " such accurate " and systematic rec
ords of its observations that not only may
there never be any doubt of the condition
of any. patient at any time, > but that" new
•truths may be deduced . from the records
so - kept/: • In : other/ words; -' it , must * do ' re
search work.; ,. (3) It must provide , means
for giving to the , profession : not only i the
results of this research work, but also the
details 1 61 ' its . methods - of ~ diagnosis . and
treatments 'That is, it must be a teaching
institution. »•• To perform ! such , functions ; it
must have; not 'only, the. ordinary staff, of
physicians 1 and : surgeons who /give i their
services -; , without ¦; compensation, ' ' but ; : it
must ¦ also ¦ have ¦ certain ¦ paid • professional
employes, ..notably a" ». pathologist .and a
chemist,", who will give their whole time
to the institution."; > : '-.." .' ;-> ; : v-,
Functions of a Hospital.
Hospitals were originally established to
take care gratuitously of sick people who
were unable -to. provide themselves with
proper attention at home. -This function
of > course still attaches to hospitals. But
additional > functions have been added. , It
was soon found that the 4arge number of
cases of various diseases brought together
in a large hospital afforded most excellent
means for studying the natural history of
disease. Then the hospitals became pro
vided with . means : for observing after
death those results of the / disease
which could not be observed directly dur
ing life. These means could not readily,
or conveniently be used at private homes,
and it is a fact that nearly, all our knowl
edge of morbid anatomy, has been gained
from the autopsies made in hospitals.
When methods of treatment, such as those
of modern surgery. • came | to -demand ; an
extensive and - complex >a plant » f or; v their
proper performance, t plants , whieh f could
not possibly » be established at short no
tice, the hospital - added to its previous
functions and became ; a - place which all
requiring and desiring, the best attention
were glad to have provided . for their
needs., Now that : methods of diagnosis
are becoming more and more complex and
require for their , proper performance ad
juncts which :.¦ cannot f be carried Ao the
private house, it : is a fact that the hum
blest . imtient in a well-equipped hospital
can receive more ¦ complete and « therefore
better attention-, than • can be commanded
in any private home. .,
Value of Children's Hospitals.
' , The duty of . collecting facts relating to
physical development/as well as the duty
of formulating the applications of these
facts, has been relegated. to the so-called
biologic professions, represented by zoolo
gists, anatomists, physiologists, patholo
gists arid physicians. '. , These professions
have studied the normal development of
the child both in structure and in func
tion. They have; moreover, studied the
influence ¦ of vicious environment in the
production "of abnormal or. pathological
conditions. It has been their duty to give
us the natural history, of normal nutri
tion, and the causes and effects of mal
nutrition; to work out the influence of
climate and other geographic factors; to
investigate the causes and effects of in
fections; of proper and improper physical
activities and mental activities; to tra*ce
the effects and-dimlnlsh,the damages of
traumatism, and the effects of discipline
to some extent come within their pur
view. But with all this work, and the
numerous facts obtained and the exten
sive generalizations rendered possible by
these facts; many problems are pressing
for solution and- crying for more facts.
The work has been done in laboratories,
in the fields and at the^bedside. Of all
the various agencies for work of this kind
there are two kinds .. which stand pre
eminently forward as promising impor
tant results at present in the problem of
child development and its corollary, child
training. These two are laboratories for
so-called child study and children's hos
pitals. • '.» * -.••' ' '.'¦ . . .-• . • ¦¦¦' ¦•¦¦;¦ ;,.'..
How Facts Are Collected.
As shown in the preceding paper the in
fant at birth is very incompletely devel
oped.' Nevertheless it Is endowed with a
heredity which predetermines in general
the lines along which its development Is
to proceed, but specifically this develop
ment is determined by the environmental
factors. On the .wholei adaptation -to en
vironment is expressed in the customs of
society. These customs, established al
most entirely % involuntarily, are over
whelmingly advantageous to the race, and
he would be a bold man and a dangerous
counselor who would advise sweeping and
far-reaching changes in Trell-established
customs. This is far from implying, how
ever, that existing customs are the best
possible adjustment to environment. It
is. practically certain, on» the contrary,
that they are ,not, and that -important
advantages are to be gained by slight
modifications of customs, based upon
an accurate knowledge of the totality of
conditions and by adapting them to the
demands of . individual I cases. . Opinions
are worth but little except as they -are
attempts to Interpret facts, but 1 acts are
very precious, difficult to get, cost much
in time, effort and money. It will be
well, therefore, to inquire what agencies
exist for the collection of facts regarding
the development of the child and what
agencies there are for the ! application of
these facts.
The aim of child training may be stated
to be to produce in the individual child
the greatest intellectuality and highest
morality that the individual is capable of
attaining. The aim thus formulated must
not be construed as excluding physical
training, or ignoring the advantages of
first-class physical condition. On the con
trary, the highest possible physical per
fection is necessarily included in the aim,
as without it the highest possible intellec
tual and moral development is not at
tainable. The glorious, achievements of
the fighting line of an army would not
long be maintained if the commissary de
partment failed in its function.
The Aim of Child Training.
Hie Intellectual development is con
cerned with a certain phase of brain ac
tion:
Both these phases of life relate princi
pally to the individual.
Moral development, however, has as its
predominant concern the relation of the
individual to his fellows.
i Ihe development of the physical side of
life is concerned with the body as a whole
and its E several organs, including the
brain. > ¦ . ¦¦¦ .
Man's life is ' I frequently.- spoken of as
threefold in character— physical, Intellec
tual and moral. The subdivision is a'con
venient one provided 'it is recognized that
the three phases are not ' absolutely dis
tinct f from _..! each other, but axe closely
correlated and interwoven. >¦
In a preceding paper it was shown that
man. has risen to his present high estate
because of the prolonged period of in
fancy or plasticity with which his species
is endowed. Most of his -advancement has
been through the slow process of natural
selection. ; Child training implies that in
telligent advantage Is to be taken of the
natural processes of development, with a
view to the most complete possible devel
opment of the individual. Child training,
to bo intelligent or scientific, must be
based upon the natural history of man's
development in all of its phases, together
with the natural history of the "environ
mental factors operative in modifying the
development as predetermined by her
edity. * ¦ . •
THURSDAY JUNE 6, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.-
Address All CommTuic&tio&s to W. S. LEAKS, Kinager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE^^^.^jrelepho^^Pi^M 204
PUBLICATIO^OFFICE. . .Market fM»d Third, S. IP.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson S4.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers. IS Cents Per Week.
Slngrle Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postages
DAJX.T CALX* (Including Sunc*y). on« year $8.00
DAILT CAJLLi (including Sunday). ' 6 months....... 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months 1.60
DAJX.Y CALL— By Slngrle Month.... ;.... *• 65o
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear 106
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample conies -will be forwarded -when requested.
Mail eubscrlberB In ordering change of address should be
particular to «lve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with, their reaiest."
OAKLASD OFFICE.-. . .1X18 Brondwar
C. GEORGE KROGSESS.
Jfuugvr Fertirn Adrertising, Xargnette Building, CUetgt.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2S19.")
NEW TOKE; CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX Herald Square
.'"""¦'* V NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldiner
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wtldorf-AEtoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray HU1 HoteL ": ,' ;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebenaaa Hoose; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hoose; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHIKGTOTf CD. C.) OFFICE. . .1406 G St., W. W.
SXORTOX E. CHA\E, Correspondent.
BRAJb'CB OFFICES— -527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open'
until f:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open, until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:39 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
*:30 o'clock. IM1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. S2C1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
C00 Fffimore. open until 9 p. m.
The world is filled to-day with people
who studying- the problem of the child,
some to establish new truths and some to
apply them, and no more hopeful move
ment for civilization was ever undertaken.
• When the ethical training: of tlia child is
considered. great difficulties are encoun
tered. The home is, of course, the insti
tution for this part of child training, but
when the wide variation in th» capacities
of individual homes is considered, some
additional agency seems demanded. The
church has assumed this function, on the
ground that ethics and religion are essen
tially united. But the church- has failed
to investigate for us the laws of the de
velopment of ethics. Whichever one of
the numerous theories of the genesis of
ethics we may accept, we must admit that
the laws of the development of the
ethical nature of the Individual child are
not known, and until they are, discussion
of ethical training must ! be largely
theoretical and unprofitable.
Ethical Training" of the Child.
The "child study" department of the
Chicago public schools baa three distinct
functions. The first is research work. In
which It attempts to determine laws of
child development, partly with, reference
to the physical side, but more particularly
in the line of psychical development. With
the establishment of such laws It not only
provides suggestions for method* of teach
ing, but it also has a mechanism by
means of which It can test the efficacy of
existing methods and determine 'whether
or not these methods train the brain as
they are supposed to train it. As another
feature of ita work It has a pyschologflcal
laboratory for examining backward chil
dren, with a view to .advising as to their
management. - 1 Beth tho | laboratory and
the general research work approximate
efforts at - individualism of school work.
The one is absolutely Individualistic and
the other by Introducing new elements of
classification makes an approach to indi
vidualistic work which Is valuable.
In this way there in a true criterion of
the propriety of the Introduction, into tho
curriculum of any proposed work. If that
work 'tends to training any . function of
the brain, not otherwise provided for, it
is. a proper subject for. the schools, and
not a "fad." If It does not meet this re
quirement It Is not proper school work.
Applying this test to the curriculum now
in effect it will be found that not all the
subjects meet this requirement. ' The dan
ger of overloading toe course of study Is
one which Is very real, but it will cer
tainly be "found, when *inore of the laws
of child development are established, that
all the results of the old work, and also
the benefits of the new, can be had with
out additional . labor . on the part of the
child "or Increase m the time of school
work. To hasten this end much lnvestl-'
gation must be made in the line of child
study. This subject has been much culti
vated by private investigators, and much
good work accomplished, but certain
phases of It can be prosecuted success
fully only under, the immediate direction
of the school authorities. The action of
the Chicago Board of Education in es
tablishing a department of child study in
the system of schools under its charge is
thus far unique, but it would seem that
it ought, to be followed in other large
cities, so that the combined efforts of sev-'
eral such departments could give to the
educational world the results of their la
bors, and in this way promote the adjust
ment of school 'work.
Proper Studies for Schools.
opment ot ( the whole brataTln all Its func
tions. ? nniiuLipiiijr iigMwa
Of all the -Democrats now in' the Senate Morgan is
at once the ablest and the blindest. He is at present
directing his own. State Jon a path that will certainly
leachto evil results, and some of them may prove of
sufficient magnitude to affect the nation at large. He
would also like to lead Democracy on paths as.dan
gerous, as 'that 'upon, which' Alabama has entered; and
such is the confusion now prevailing in the ranks , of
that party that the aggressive and vindictive old man
may actually succeed in getting it to adopt the extra
ordinary platform he -has suggested.
says the income tax is required 5 by the ' Dingley tariff,
that. spedojis -statement being based upon the assump
tion !tliat the {income tax of the Wilson law is still in
force because after it had been decided to be unconsti
tutional Congress hafTnever thought" it worth while to
repeal ¦ it. . That fight, i therefore, ; would have to be
made directly against the Supreme Court, and Democ
racy would • have ;to go into a campaign pledged to
enforce an income tax in spite of the court. •
THE SAN FEANGISGO : CALL, THUESDAY^-gME;, 6, 1901,
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-bou»^— "La Tcsca."
California— "A Colonial Girl.**
Central— "Old Glory."
TivoU— "The Toy Maker." ' '
Ori>beuin— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Gudjjeons."
Alcazar— "For Bonnie Prince CharUe."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Orates, Zoo and Theater — YaudevUle every afternoon and
eveninc.
Fischer**— Vaudeville. i \ .
Recreation Park— BaaebalL ,
Sutro Baths — Swlnunlns.
Emeryville Racetrack — Races to-day. . •
AUCTION RALES.
6
By A. M. Scott & Co.— Thursday. June C, at 11 o'clock,
thirty head of Horses, at S3 Dore street.
By Wm. G. Layng— Friday, June 7, at 11 o'clock. Trotting
Horses, at 721 Howard street.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAURG TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
Call tsliBcrtbers comtem platter » change of
rettdeaee darlnr tine iimmer months can htn
*m*tr paper forwarded Tar mall to their new
Mdrettpi by notifying: The Call Business Office.
Thtm paper will also be on sale at all summer
>«»th and la represented by a local agent la
¦U town* mm. the eoaat
oooooooooooooo. . oooooooooo 00 o o
oooocooooooooo 'DA CP Af THTFJUCT* TKT oooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO ¦ *'**«*- \JX 111 A I*!l»31* 111" OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooo TTBIMSCr Tf\ BVBnV oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo ¦ J IEkEjI 1U EVCKI oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo . •" -. oooooooooooooo
T— — — Y. M. C. A. — — —
- . - * - ¦ .. ,11 v - * -. ' - it- ,"* :,_'-¦. ¦ » # - *.
¦*• *|/ . ~ J '**f^' ooooooooooooooo ooooooooooo kKlll X JL till"'
ricnccs the latest fashions ciscans
in the _JJ^gf*L--_ Who
¦'¦T'W'li^f*M oooooooooooooooooooooooooo
W»i»«.* THE SVNDAY ULLVLEAIS '«, " .
mos t utMAu.; . Hunt
U6gJlfliS o7M3o"oo"o"oTn?o^7o ooooooooo oooo . • • lOr
-" ¦ -*•¦ -,¦ v- oooooooooooooooooooooooooo ¦ ¦ '
A? lllrt ¦ 0000oo00o000 OOOOOOOO00OO00
Ol llll* oooooooooooooooooooooooooo 7\
1 ... '• oooooooooooooooooooooooooo • ' '. ¦ 1 : ,
Sahara MPVT Pirate's
Desert FlEAL Treasure
boy in GAT-T Francisco
America UOOOOQQ — - Girl's
% . - UOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO *¦«* • +*
w_T|^ - ¦ -. °°Q | 00£oooooooooooooaoooooo D____ •
10 JUNE THE NINTH, NINETEEN EXp^I-
Ittdes a ¦ ''^Jsnsm^Jm one. CIICCS
\iO01* -?|* OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO -^? > l^
kJlvvl 111 oooooooooooooooooooooooooo £11 XI'
¦' , , 00000080000000000000000000
1\ms*?/m« ' oooooooooooooooooooooooooo 1**>
Sfl iJUjf" - OOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooo I T0PJ*
CnCC t6 a THE "FI^T" HOUSES AT fly^t
:h^ V STANFORD. . ¥
Horse :"'"'•'••-'• m Java
...: oooooooooooooooooooooooooo 77 - , "T. ," T~.
oooooooooooooo A AC THR ATTTP1T oooooooooooooo
00 ooooo o o ootjo o ¦** >J 1 \tt\ I UJT 1 ill-. yvlvA." oooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOTOOOO " C«'a»¥TVC«' OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooo jAti U J. oooooooooooooo
•_£j2_1|2_1i ZjZI l^Jl^.*^" -.'¦•¦'-'¦ '•..-•¦ -- ¦ . ¦ . : - ooooooooooooooNeed Not Pay Assessment. *
The Supreme Court rendered a decision
yesterday affirming the order of the lower
court which declared- that S. S. Johnston.
a depositor In the Insolvent Bank of Na
tional City, could not legally be compelled
to r>ay an assessment on stock levied at
a meeting of the' bank directors, which
was held after the assignment had been
made. w T J* ' ~ ¦
THE FORMIDABLE AND FAMOUS BATTLESHIP OREGON HOMEWARD BOUND. HER PENNANT IS THE FINEST THAT HAS EVER BEEN FLOWN
BY A WARSHIP. IT IS 420 FEET LONG AND IS MADE OF THE FINEST SILK THAT MONEY COULD BUY- IN CHINA. THE BATTLESHIP HAS
BEEN GONE THREE YEARS AND A ROYAL WELCOME AWAITS HER RETURN TO THIS STATION.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— in the above exposition of the tidei
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th<
day In the order of occurrence as to time oi
day: the third time column gives the last tld«
of the day, except when there are but thre*
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights giver
are in addition. to the soundings on the United
States Coast* Survey charts, except when s
minus (— ) nlgn precedes the height, and ther
the number given is subtracted from the deDtt
given by the charts. The plane of reference ii
the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
The "ship Spartan, Beventy-six days
from Newcastle, N. S. W., reached port
last night. - "".';
Captain Fosen has succeeded Captain
McLelland in command of the steamship
North Fork. ' '
John O'Keefe, an old man who made his
living as a beggar on the streets/ died
yesterday morning in the city ambulance
while being conveyed to the . Central
Emergency Hospital. He had been room
ing at 184 Jessie street and had been sick
ly for some time. ~ .
Sudden Death of a Beggar.
"From Canterbury to Rome; or How I
Came to be a Catholic," is the title of
Dr. Benjamin F. de Costa's lecture Jn
Metropolitan Hall next Monday evening.
In the literary and religious world the
lecturer is well known. He is a vigor
ous writer and the author of several
works. For many years he occupied one
of the most prominent pulpits of ¦ the
Episcopal church in New York. After
resigning his pulpit he embraced the
Catholic faith, and since then he has been
in considerable demand as a lecturer.
Dr. de Costa will -give -four other lec
tures, as follows:
Wednesday evening, June 12— "The Vatican
Archives and the Papal Bulls Relating to Pre-
Columbian America." -
Friday evening, June 14— "America— Historic,
Social, Religious— In Its Relations to Present
Issues." - . "
Monday evening, June 17— "The Bible and Its
Mission in America." - • •
Wednesday evening, June 19— "The Claims of
Society Upon the Educated Catholic."
Dr. de Costa's Lectures.
The Santa Fe is , now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via stage from Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to
morrow afternoon, passing Merced Big
Trees en rout*. ' -•¦-:-.'¦
Ask about it at 641 Market street *
Yosemite Valley via Santa Pe.
Much, attention has been lately attracted
to the large amounts of money deposited
in the banks of this State to which no
one ever lays claim. With a view to
ascertaining the approximate amount of
such money, the Board of Bank Commis
sioners has issued a call to all the com
mercial banks of California to furnish a
list of all deposits which have lain dor
mant for a period of ten years or, longer.
Unclaimed. Money in State Bonks.
The increase In the shipments of oil
from the Kern River iields during the
month of May amounted to something
over 400 bUrrels. Nearly 1800 carloads were
brought in by the Southern Pacific Com
pany. The. output of June may exceed
that of May.
Tho Western Williams Farmer reports
that the lumber has been purchased for
derricks for the Gibson Oil Company, the
Minor Ranch Oil Company and for R. H.
Herron.
If the Hollister Petroleum Development Com
pany, Pioneer, \Hollister, Mutual and San
Benito County will combine their capital m
cash, oil casing and rig, - and an executive
committee shall be appointed from the di
rectorate of each company to conduct the busi
ness a well could be sunk somewhere in the
district, and if oil is struck each of the com
panies would own an undivided interest there
in, and all would be indirectly benefited - by
having the district proven, and the . burden Of
doing so would not fall on any one company.
It is known that oil does exist northwest and
southeast of this district . and the belt must
extend through here between the two ranges
of mountains. The gas and oil found .by the
San Benito County affords sufficient evidence
that oil measures at least exist in this vicinity.
According to the Hollister Bee, W. I*
Watts has reported to the Hollister Pe
troleum Development Company that sink
ing a well on the Baldwin ranch, which is
under lease to the company named, would
be> an uncertain experiment, i. The escape
of gas from the Lathrop well was re
ported to Indicate that there were oil
measures in the district and the discovery
of small quantities of oil in salt water in
dicate the same general facts. A plan of
combination by which a -Joint effort can
be made to locate the oil belt In the dis
trict is now proposed. The Bee says:
A Proposed Combination.
tentral Light and Power Company, Sari
Francisco Brick Company, San Francisco
Breweries, Limited ; Joseph Scheerer, Vlavi
Company, San Francisco and San Joaquln Val
ley Railroad, Independent Electric Light and
Power Company, United Oil -¦ Producers, Cali
fornia Glue Works, Standard Oil Company San
Francisco and Pacific Glass Works, American
Tool Works, Wunder . Brewing: Company, Bow
ers Rubber Company, San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company,' Pacific Sheet Metal Works.
Pacific Oil S-upply Company, ¦ Pacific Power
Company, Abner Doble Company, California
street Cable Company.' D. Ghirardelli Company,
Gecrge W. Pennington & Sons, Spring
Valloy Water Works, Merchants' Ice and Cold
Storage Company. Stauffer Chemical Company,
Hearst Oil Company. Alcatraa Asphalt Paving
Company, Pacific Oil and Lead Works, Simons
Fcnt Brick Company, OH Storage and Trans
portation Company, Cascade ! Laundry, New
England Soap Company, -Lane Hospital, F.
Thomas Parisian Dyeing and Cleaning Works,
Miller & Lux, Olympic Club. Del Monte Milling
Company, Union Iron Works, George W. Pen
nington & Sons, Market-street Railway Com
pany. Martel Power Company, Tubbs Cordage
Company. Crocker Estate Company building.
California and Nevada Ice Company, Vermdnt
Marble Company, Bay City Brick Company, Cal
ifornia Fruit Canners' Association, Consumers'
Ice Company, Merchants' Ice and Cold Storage
Company, Golden Gate Distilling Company, Z.
IT. Dodge, Fulton Engineering and Shipbuilding
Works, American Steel and Wire Company,
Joshua Hendy Machine Works, San Francisco
Candle Company, California Wine Associa
tion, • P. , Noble, Pacific Refining and Roof
ing Company, La Grande Laundry Com
pany, California Saw Works, King Key
stone Oil Company, Sutter-street Railroad Com
pany, C R. Splivalo & Co., Golden Gate Com
pressed Yeast Company, California Canneries
Company, Rufflno & Blanchl, - The McPhee
Company, The Presidio and Ferries Railway
Company. Pacific Packing House, The Oriel
Glass Works.
.'. Four score of the large business con
cerns ¦ of the city, manufacturing plants
and street railway lines, are now using
California oil for fuel instead 'of coal.
This t is somewhat of a remarkable show
ing vt-hen it is recalled: that the Sections
of the State that are supplying this fuel
to San Francisco have developed their re
sources as oil producers within two years.
In the present consumption is promise for
the future of the oil Industry of the State,
But only a small part of the future de
mand is now indicated.* A list of the San
Francisco concerns now • relying on fuel
oil for motive power and steam making is
as follows: .- ; • : -
Monthly Review Shows Some
Shortage of; Wells
: Completed.
Remarkable ? Showing
¦ Made by Industries
BIG FACTORIES
THAT BURN OIL
Wednesday, June 4.
Stmr Umatilla," Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
. Br stair Victoria, Blakey, Chemalnus; R
Dunamuir's Sons Co. . - V
¦ - Schr Carrie and Annie. Foster. Marshall
Islands, via Honolulu; Walter D. Frear. . '-.'•
CLEARED.
"Wednesday, June 6.
SUnr Sequoia, Winkle, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 44 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 17% hours from Eureka.
Etmr Zealandia, Dowdell, 7 days 16 hours 14
minutes from Honolulu.
Br Etmr Gaelic, Finch, 29 days 3 hours from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 18 days 7V4 hours,
via Honolulu 6 days 12 hours.
Ship Spartan. Polite, 73 days from Newcas
tle. Australia.
8chr Newark, Crangle, 12 hours from Walsh
Landing.
Schr Alice Cooke, Benhallow, 17 days from
Honolulu." . ¦¦¦-¦¦
' Br ship Arracan. Donald. 103 days from New
castle. NSW.
Schr Defender, Marsters, 28 days' from Ho
nolpu.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 3 days from Coquille
River. -:- -; - -.--v
Snipping Intelligence.
The schooner Joseph Russ cleared yesterday
for Sallna Cruz with 850 cs and 1000 kegs pow
der, £990 redwood ties and 64,440 ft lumber;
value. J7S79.
A Cargo for Mexico.
The J. M. Coleman will load lumber for Sali
na Cruz; the Louis, merchandise and lumber
for Santa Rosalia; the Lurline, 'merchandise
for Tahiti; the Monkbaine. wheat for Europe,
88s; the Tillie E. Starbuck, merchandise for
Honolulu: the British steamer Palatlnla, lum
ber (at Portland) for a Chinese port, prior to
arrival.
Merchandise for British Colombia.
The steamer Umatilla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a cargo for British Columbia
valued at $22,854, Including the following:
7 cs arms, 3 cyls ammonia, 4050 lbs beans,
4245 lbs bread, 174 cs bottles. 401 cs canned
goods, 521 lbs cheese, J124 lbs chocolate, 1C2 bbls
cocoa oil, 4195 lbs coffee, 6 cs dry goods, 5625
lbs dried fruit, 21 cs drugs, 10 cs fuse,. 554 pkgs
fruit, 124 grindstones, . US pkgs groceries and
provisions, 10 cs honey, 217 cs hardware, 2063
pigs lead. 4<i pkgs machinery, 125 tine matches,
92.600 lbs malf," 6 cs oil, 32 sks onions, 200 rolls,
13 bales paper, 15 cs varnish, 30 sks potatoes,
12 flasks quicksilver, S"> cs raisins, 18 pkgs steel,
9 bdls spices, 25 cs table meal. 621 lbs tobacco,
9 bales twine, 143 pkgs vegetables, 1738 gals
wine.
Shipping Merchants.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Passengers on Zealandia.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landla, from Honolulu, has the following
named passengers aboard: v t
Mrs. 1J. D. Rogrei* and child, J.' E. Farnes
beck. Dr. Van 'Senders, J. Michaels, Mrs.
Wlchxnan. Miss C. L. Bluhm, Miss Klmball,
George W. O'Connor, wife and three children;
W. A. Bower. S. Dollver and -wife, Mrs. M. I.
Brown, Mrs. L. J. Laine, Captain Winding. E.
Rosenrarne. Mrs. Rosenberg and maid. Miss
K. B. Davis, F. C. Hotaling, Mrs. A. P. llo
talinif. Miss A. Bralnard, W. W. K. Ball. Al
fred Harrison. Miss E. Johnson, W. G. Hyman,
E. R. Swain and J. H. Brown and wife.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic arrived from the Orient
and Hawaii early yesterday morning. The
run from Honolulu was made In six days
and twelve hours,- the time for the entire
voyage from Hongkong being twenty-nine
days. The Gaelic brought fifty-four cabin
passengers and one European, seventeen
Japanese and 447 Chinese in the steerage.
Captain Finch reports passing the Ameri
can ship Georee Curtis, from San Fran
cisco for Honolulu, and the American
schooner King Cyrus, from Newcastle,
X. S. W., for Honolulu on May 29. thirty
one miles northeast by east of Makapau
Point on Oahu Island; on June 1. in lati
tude 30 degrees 36 minutes north, longi
tude 141 degrees 49 minutes west, the
steamship America Maru, which sailed
from here on May 29, and on June 30, in
latitude 34 degrees 42 minutes north, longi
tude 131 degrees 59 minutes west, the
transport Sheridan, which left here last
Saturday for Manila. The Gaelic had
heavy weather and continuous rain for
four days after leaving Yokbhama, and
the latter part of her run from Honolulu
to San Francisco was marked by a fresh
gale, accompanied by a rough Sea.
The cabin passengers on the Gaelic
were the following named: . t
Mrs. Charles A. Adams, Mrs. i L. J. Burson,
Rud. Baum Jr., Mrs. K. R. Belnap, Captain
Hawtrey Cox. S. C. H. Darts, C. W. Dilke. E.
S. 3. Fabris, O. Gafrgino. M. Harris and wire,
James Hogs and wife. Miss Mabel Hogg, Mr*.
R. H. Leigh. Philip Irieder and wife. J. T.
Lalng and wife, Miss Ixmisson. J. P. Meyer
and wife, Mrs. W. F. Muat and child. Miss
Mund, H. T. Richardson and wife. Miss Lena
Rlchardfon, Mre. C. I>. Stanley, Anthony
Sneve, L. Van Dyke, Mrs. B. Wllkes and maid.
Captain L. M. Wilson, Colonel S. IL Banks. K.
J. Bates. Gustav Boehm, Mrs. M. Callahan,
George B. Cresswell, Miss I. G. Davis. Walter
Egerton, A. Frowein, M. N. Glrdlestone, E. C.
Judkina. A. W. F. Rutty. Miss M. Louisson,
Miss A. Nielson. Cornrxodore J. S. Ogden, U.
S. K.: E. E. Rouse, R. S. Scott, Miss Thom
son, John West, W. H. Wilson and A. S.
White.
50O Chinese.
GAELIC HEBE FROM ORIENT.
Brings a Valuable Cargo and Nearly
ception will be given the battleship as
she passes along the front.
Captain C. M. Thomas is now in com
mand of the Oregon.
Oregon flag:.
AFTER an absence of three years,
during which time she has earned
the sobriquet of "The Bulldojr of
the American Navy," the battle
ship Oregon Is on her way home
arain. Early last month she left Shang
hai for San Francisco in company with
the collier Isis, and on May 11 reached
Tckohama. There she was coaled and on
May 16 at 4 p. m. she got under way for
Honolulu, while the Isis went back to
Hongkong.
As she passed out of Yokohama harbor
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic was going in and the
two vessels saluted each other. The
Oregon was flying- her homeward-bound
pennant and the officers on the Gaelic say
it is a beauty. It is 420 feet long and is
made of the finest sjlk that could be
bought for money in China. The British
cruiser Bonaventura ¦was also homeward
bound and she had a very fine pennant,
the end of which was kept out of the
water by a real balloon, but it could not
compare in point of beauty with the
On her arrival at Ban Francisco the
chances are that the Oregon will gro out
of commission temporarily and be com
pletely remodeled. She is equipped with
circular turrets, and when the thirteen
inch puns are pointed in the same direc
tion the hull heels to such an extent as
to expose the unprotected portion below
the armor belt. This was particularly
noticeable in the Spanish war and the
Government Intends rectifying the defect.
It Is proposed to remove the four
quadrilateral turrets, accommodating two
eight-inch puns each, with which the ship
is equipped, and to install two elliptical
e!jerht-inch turrets on top of the thirteen
inch turrets, thus giving the Oregon
superimposed turrets. Careful determina
tion of the position of the eight-inch tur
rets will permit a balance which will pre
vent the heeling- now considered so ob
jectionable. The new battery arrange
ments will permit the addtiion of a
formidable row of six-inch guns. - "r. ¦
Under easy steam the Oregon should
have reached Honolulu about June 1. It
would then take her five days to coal
there and about nine days to make the run
to San Francisco, so that she should be
here about the 15th inst. A rousing re-
¦ NOTE— The' high : and • low waters occur 'f at
the . city front 1 . (Mission-street ? wharf) - about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
•the height of tide Is tht same at both placet.
United States Coast and" Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of } High and -Low
. ".Waters" at Fort Point, entrance to San
•Francisco Bay. . Published by official au
. '¦'". thorlty-of -the Superintendent. ¦¦¦-. ... •
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. • -.•. • ;
¦ - . J. ,C.. BURNETT, -
' Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired. In charge. •
Sun, Moon and. Tide.
Branch • Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
. .chants' . Exchange, San. Francisco, CaL.
June 6, 1901. ..-.¦¦¦•', : ¦ ¦ '
Time Ball.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June B— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, -via Plymouth for
Hamburg, and : proceeded.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 6— Stmr Neder
land, from : New York. . ¦ • .
I BOULOGNE — Arrived " June 6— Stmr Amster
dam, from Rotterdam, and proceeded.' • •.,'.
. MARSEILLES— Arrived June B— Stmr Hes
perian, from New York.- ¦' . -.'¦:>.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 6— Stmr Kaiser
Maria • Theresa, from Bremen, Southampton
and Cherbourg: gtmr Germanic, , from Liv
erpool; stmr - Zeeland, from Antwerp; stmr
Laurentian, from Glasgow. •. ¦¦ .
Balled June S — Stmr St Louis, for Southamp
ton. ¦••.:.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 6— Stmr Rhynland,
for Philadelphia.
Arrived June &— Stmr Westernland, from
Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 6— Stmr Lahn,
from Bremen, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 8— Ger ship
Llka, for Harwich; Br ship Socotra, for Ant
werp. June 4— Br ,ship i Ardencralg, for Lim
erick. ¦ " • . .
; .-TENERIFFE— Sailed May 1>-Ger stmr Nu
mantia, for /San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed June 3— Stmr City of
Parn. for San Francisco. .
ACAPULCO^-Sailed June 8— Br stmr Colom
bia, for San Francisco. - - ,
• YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 1&-U S etmr Ore
gon, for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
LUNDY ISLAND— Passed May 2»— Ff bark
Pierre Loti, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
TSINTAU— Ready for sea May 20-Ger ship
Ecuador, for Portland, Or. - ' ¦ ,¦
CAPE SPARTEL— Passed Mav 21— Ger stmr
Serapls, from ! Hamburg, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to June 4— Stmr
Sierra, hence May 9.
. HAVRE— Arrived June 3— Ger stmr " Sesos
tris, hence Feb 6.
HULL— Arrived June 4— Fr bark Lamoriclere,
hence Jan 7.
LONDON— Arrived June 4— Ger bark Paul
Rlckmers, from Vancouver.
Sailed June- 4 — Br ship Garsdale, for Van
couver. • ' \ ¦ . '
HAMBURG— To sail June &— Ger stmr Mem-j
pris, for San Francisco.
CORONEL— Sailed May 7— Aus/stmr Mari
anne, ¦ for Barcelona,
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed May 18— Ger stmr Ta
nis, for Hamburg.
Arrived June 6— Schr John D Tallant, from
N<»w Whatcom.
VANCOUVER— Arrived June 6, at 8:30 a m—
Br stmr Empress of Japan, from China.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 2— Br ship Cen
teslma, from Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 4— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
Sailed June 4— Stmr City of Washington, for
Colon.
EASTERN PORT.
Sailed May 24— Schr Rosamond, ' for San
Francisco: bark Ceylon, for Lay son Islands.
May 25— U S stmr Iroquols, ¦' for cruise; Ger
bark Tellus, for New Caledonia: bark W B
Flint, for'ISan Francisco. May 26-r-Schr Laura
Pike, for Eureka. May 28— Br stmr Coptic, for
Yokohama; stmr Zealandia, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 2S-Ship Marion
Chlllcot, from Newcastle. May 26— Schr Robert
Lewers, from Port Gamble; bktn Skaglt, from
Port Gamble; tug Iroquols, from cruise. May
27— Ship Gerard C Tobey. hence May 10; schr
II D Bendixen, from Newcastle; Br stmr Cop
tic, hence May 21.
ISLAND PORT.
POINT LOBOS— Passed June 5, at 2 p m—
Stmr San Mateo, from Port Los Angeles, l for
Nanaimo.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 5— Stmr Despatch, for
San Pedro: "Br- ships Cypromene and • Tnlrl
mere. for Queenstown.
Arrived June 4— Stmr Alliance, hence May to.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 6— Schr Louise, for
Umpqua,
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 6-Bark
Palmyra, from Honolulu; bark Carrollton, from
Honolulu.
Sailed inward June 5— Schr Vega, hence May
19.
Passed June 6— Stmr Hyades, hence May 31.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June +-Schr Min
dora, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 6— Br stmr
Almond Branch, for .
SAN DIEGO — Arrived June 5— Br stmr
Strathgyle, from Hongkong, via Honolulu.
USAL— Arrived June 6— Stmr Aloha, hence
UNION BAT— Arrived June 6. at »:30 a m—
Stmr Bertha, from Valdez. .
TACOMA— Arrived June 6— Br bark Big;
Bonanza, from Victoria.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed June 4-Stmr Del
Norte. for San Diego.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 5— Bark Pal
myra, from Honolulu. -
SEATTLE— Arrived June 6— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skaguay; stmr Farallon, from Skaguay.
Sailed June 5— Stmr Dlrigo, for Skaguay.
Arrived June 5— Stmr Hyades. hence May 31;
stmr South Portland, hence May 30.
Sailed June a— Stmr John S Klmball, for
Nome.
POINT LOBOS, June 5. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 32 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
March SO, lat 56 S, Ion 63 W— Br ship An
dreta, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
May 23, lat 39 N. Ion 41 W— Br chip Car
manlan, hence Jan 1. for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemalnus.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura, In
tow of tug Rescue.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Morris, Eureka.
Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson, Honolulu.
Schr Joseph Russ, | Anderson, Salinas Cruz.
Schr Monterey. Beck, Coos Bay.
Bchr Jennie Wand, Christensen, Port Blake
ley.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Grays Harbor.
Wednesday, June 5.
Etmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka,
Stmr Queen, Thomas, Stn Diego.
Stmr Navarro. Jacobs. Bowens Landing.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka. ,
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. Victoria.
SAILED.
Sehr Mary E Foster, Thompson, Honolulu;
¦Williams, Dimond & Co. . »
Schr Joseph Rums, Anderson, Salinas Cruz;
C A Hooper & Co. . .
TJUL1S S A JN. JJ'K AOS CISCO ; C AIjIj, TH U K»U A: X 9 j U JS E 6- r
Oregon Sailed From Yokohama on May 16 and Is Probably at Honolulu-— She Will .Coal There and
I lien Come to San Francisco at a Ten-Knot Gait, Getting Here About June 15, and Ending an
Eventful Cruise—Upon Her Arrival She Will Go Out af Commission to Be ¦Remodeled
"BULLDOG OF THE AMERICAN NAVY" NEARS HOME, |
BEARING THE LAURELS EARNED IN SPANISH WAR
THURSDAY. JUNE 6.
Sun rises. • .4:47
Sun- sets ...".: ;.;....'. ....7:29
Moon rlsea :••¦. 10:33 p.- m.
7
! Time . Time Time] Timel
Date Ft. Ft. — Ft. — Ft
H W L;W H W L \V
6 ... 1:00 B.S .8:02—0.2 -3:27 '5.0 8:18 3.1
7 ;.. 1:55 5.0 8:4S 0.0 ¦ 4:09 5.0 9:25 2.B
•8 ... 3:00 4.7 9:36 0.6 4:49 5.2 10:38 .2.4
9 ... 4:16 4.3 10:29 0.9 6:30 6.4 11:46 . 1.8
10 ..| 5:43| 4.0 11:26| 1.4 6:14 5.6 ...... .....
¦ |L W|. 1H Wl " IL. JVI HW
11 ..I . 0:44); 1.11 7:01] 4.1 12:191 1.8 7:00 6.9
12 ...f 1:44 0.4 8:24 4.1 1:14 2.1 7:46 6.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay
Washtenaw. . . .
City of Puebla.
Point Arena
Corona...
Santa Rosa
Coronado
Arcata
Mackinaw
Empire.:...."...
City of Para....
Crescent City.. 1
Milton
Fulton !
San Pedro
Eureka..
Columbia
Bonita
Queen
Pomona...:
W. H. Kruger.
Alliance
Condor...
Ventura
North Fork..".;-
Walla Walla...
Newburg
Colombia
'Rival
Czarina
Rainier
Coqullle River ;...
Tacoma
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena...
Newport
San Dlesro -...
San Pedro
Coos Bay
Seattle
Coos Bay
Panama & Way Ports.
Crescent City ;
Nanaimo
Grays Harbor..:
Humboldt
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria..
Newport
San Diego
Humboldt
San Pedro
Portland and Coos Bay
Tacoma
Sydney & Way Ports..
Humboldt
Pueet Sound Ports....:
GrayB 1 Harbor
•Valparaiso St Way Pts.
Wlllapa Harbor
Seattle and Tacoma....
Seattle and Tacoma. . .
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 7
June 8
June 8
June 8
June 8
June 8
June 8
June S
June 8
June 9
June 9
June 9
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 11
June 11
June 11
Jane 11
June 11
June 13
June 13
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Noyo
Czarina
Grace Dollar..
City Peking...
Pomona .'.
Coronado
Curacao
G. W. Elder...
Palena
Mandalay
Robt. Dollar..
City Sydney..;
Zealandla
Corona
Point Arena...
Jane 6. *
Humboldt
Seattle & Tacoma..
Grays Harbor
China and Japan..
June 7.
Humboldt
Seattle & Everett..
Mexican Ports
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way.
Coquille River
Jane 8.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Panama. & Way...
Honolulu
Newport
Point "Arena
Jane 9.
Coos Bay....:..'
San Diego
Jane 10.
Humboldt
TUlamook Bay
Puget Sound Ports.
June 11. |
Humboldt
San Pedro
Jane 12.
San Diego
Valparaiso ' &' Way
Astoria & Portland
5 ptn
6 pm
5 pm
1 pm
1:30 p
6 pm
10 am
11 am
12 m
5 pm
S pm
12 m
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
Pier 1
Pier 8
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier i
Empire
Santa Rosa....
10 am
9 am
i
Pier IS
Pier 11
Eureka
W. KruR-er...
CltyofPuebla.
9 am
5 pm
11 am
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier. 9
San Pedro.....
Bonlta
10 am
9 am
Pier 1
Pier 11
Queen
Colombia
Columbia
9 am
12 m
11 am
Pier 11
Pier 84
Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin
Farallon........
City of Seattle.
St. Paul
Cottage City...
Bertha...
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 6
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 7
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 8
Nome & St. Michael... June 8
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 9
Valdez, Kodlak & Way
Ports .« June 10
Skaguay & Way Ports June 12
Bkaguay & Way Ports June 14
Bkaguay & Way Ports June 15
Nome direct ....'....... June 15
Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 15
Victorian
City of Topeka.
Chan. Nelson...
Jeanle.....
Nome City
! Time . Time Time] Timel
Date Ft. Ft. — Ft. — Ft
H W L;W H W L \V
6 ... 1:00 B.S .8:02—0.2 -3:27 '5.0 8:18 3.1
7 ;.. 1:55 5.0 8:4S 0.0 ¦ 4:09 5.0 9:25 2.B
•8 ... 3:00 4.7 9:36 0.6 4:49 5.2 10:38 .2.4
9 ... 4:16 4.3 10:29 0.9 6:30 6.4 11:46 . 1.8
10 ..| 5:43| 4.0 11:26| 1.4 6:14 5.6 ...... .....
¦ |L W|. 1H Wl " IL. JVI HW
11 ..I . 0:44); 1.11 7:01] 4.1 12:191 1.8 7:00 6.9
12 ...f 1:44 0.4 8:24 4.1 1:14 2.1 7:46 6.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay
Washtenaw. . . .
City of Puebla.
Point Arena
Corona...
Santa Rosa
Coronado
Arcata
Mackinaw
Empire.:...."...
City of Para....
Crescent City.. 1
Milton
Fulton !
San Pedro
Eureka..
Columbia
Bonita
Queen
Pomona...:
W. H. Kruger.
Alliance
Condor...
Ventura
North Fork..".;-
Walla Walla...
Newburg
Colombia
'Rival
Czarina
Rainier
Coqullle River ;...
Tacoma
Puget Sound Ports
Point Arena...
Newport
San Dlesro -...
San Pedro
Coos Bay
Seattle
Coos Bay
Panama & Way Ports.
Crescent City ;
Nanaimo
Grays Harbor..:
Humboldt
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria..
Newport
San Diego
Humboldt
San Pedro
Portland and Coos Bay
Tacoma
Sydney & Way Ports..
Humboldt
Pueet Sound Ports....:
GrayB 1 Harbor
•Valparaiso St Way Pts.
Wlllapa Harbor
Seattle and Tacoma....
Seattle and Tacoma. . .
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 7
June 8
June 8
June 8
June 8
June 8
June 8
June S
June 8
June 9
June 9
June 9
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 11
June 11
June 11
Jane 11
June 11
June 13
June 13
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Noyo
Czarina
Grace Dollar..
City Peking...
Pomona .'.
Coronado
Curacao
G. W. Elder...
Palena
Mandalay
Robt. Dollar..
City Sydney..;
Zealandla
Corona
Point Arena...
Jane 6. *
Humboldt
Seattle & Tacoma..
Grays Harbor
China and Japan..
June 7.
Humboldt
Seattle & Everett..
Mexican Ports
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way.
Coquille River
Jane 8.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Panama. & Way...
Honolulu
Newport
Point "Arena
Jane 9.
Coos Bay....:..'
San Diego
Jane 10.
Humboldt
TUlamook Bay
Puget Sound Ports.
June 11. |
Humboldt
San Pedro
Jane 12.
San Diego
Valparaiso ' &' Way
Astoria & Portland
5 ptn
6 pm
5 pm
1 pm
1:30 p
6 pm
10 am
11 am
12 m
5 pm
S pm
12 m
2 pm
9 am
2 pm
Pier 1
Pier 8
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier i
Empire
Santa Rosa....
10 am
9 am
i
Pier IS
Pier 11
Eureka
W. KruR-er...
CltyofPuebla.
9 am
5 pm
11 am
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier. 9
San Pedro.....
Bonlta
10 am
9 am
Pier 1
Pier 11
Queen
Colombia
Columbia
9 am
12 m
11 am
Pier 11
Pier 84
Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin
Farallon........
City of Seattle.
St. Paul
Cottage City...
Bertha...
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 6
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 7
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 8
Nome & St. Michael... June 8
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 9
Valdez, Kodlak & Way
Ports .« June 10
Skaguay & Way Ports June 12
Bkaguay & Way Ports June 14
Bkaguay & Way Ports June 15
Nome direct ....'....... June 15
Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 15
Victorian
City of Topeka.
Chan. Nelson...
Jeanle.....
Nome City
A3ffiTJSE3ttSNTS.
TO-NIGHT and All This Week.
" MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Mammoth Production of the Patriotic and
. Realistic Naval Drama,
"OLD GLORY."
The Story of the American Bluejackets
In Chile.
Thrilling Naval Battle— The Baltimore Saved
From Destruction — Mobs Assail : Amerl- .
. " . ¦ can Tars, Etc., Etc.
PDirEC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c
rillvEO Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Vext Week— "JIM. THE WESTERNER."
VAUDEVILLE'S "CHOICEST GEMS
HINES AND REMINGTON, FLORENCE
BINDLET. MARTINETTI AND SUTHER-
LAND. FLATT AND SUTHERLAND. THE
BIOGRAPH
And Final Week of
GRACE VAN STUDDIFORD, LEW SULLT.
' HENRT LEE.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats. 50c. I
Matinee Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday. |
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAY.
25c and 5Oc.
MR. JAMES NEILL JSS^y.
Presenting
The Beautiful Romantic Comedy.
A COLONIAL GIRL.
- PRICES— Evening, 250, S5c,' 50c, 75c. $1
• Sat. Mat.— 25c. BOc. 75c. ,
NEXT SUNDAT EVENING, LAST WEEK
MR. JAMES NEILL and » His Company.
By special request,
A PARISIAN ROMANCE.
V U &UU IWl DIM LEADING THEATRE
THIRD WEEK OF THE ,
'HENRYMILLER
SEASON. U : .
TO-NIGHT, Friday and Saturday Nights and
Saturday ¦ Matinee, Double Bill. ,
And the- One-Act Play. - .
FREDERICK LEM AITRE.
N«xt Monday— HENRT MILLER will present
for the first time on any stage the new Roman-
tic Love Story, .
"IJARCY OF THE GUARDS."
CHUTES an* ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING. '
THE FLYING. JORDANS.
Special To-Night.
THE AMATEURS
AND THE LADY SECTION HAND IN A SPIKE-
, DRIVING CONTEST. .
Telephone for Seats, Park It .
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO ys. OAKLAND;
Thursdays. Fridays and Saturdays
AT 3il5 F». m. .
SUNDAY ATV 2:30 P.M.
RECREATION T*ARK,
, Eighth and Harrison streets.. *
I?TQrHI?R'<J CONCERT HOUSE.
TlOLn&It D. Admission 10c. '
¦ CHARITY ' MARTIN, ' Matlldita* and Ballet.
Katherine Krieg and 'Minnie Huff, Carrol, At-
lantis, Charles • Held ¦ and . Sara Holdworth. • . •
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATtiS^ i
"opennights;;
Open • dally from '¦ 7 i a. ¦ m."' to ¦ 11 . p.^ m.
/Bathing from To.', m.^- to 10:30 p.«m. -
- ADMISSION aOc^! CHILDREN. 5c. , '¦
Bathing. Including admission, 25c. Children. 20c.
AJffUSElKEENTa.
Fj&£h eat r r^X >
EVERT NIOHT AT 8.
MATINEE SATtJKDAY ONLT.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by White Whlttleaey. In Julia
Slarlowe's Success.
"FOR BONNIE
PRINCE CHARLIE."
Orchestra, first 6 rows, 73c. Reserve scats
six days In advance. •
. Next^-COTINTESS VAE.ESKA. ,
*TI¥0L1*
"SHOW AND BUSINESS NEVER BETTER.**
EVENINGS AT 8.
ANOTflER BIG TOY SOUVENIR
MATINEE SATURDAY, Jnne 8th, it 2.
EVERT CHILD WIUL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENIR TOT ATTENDINO
THE
TOY MAKER!
POPULAR PRICES 25c and E0o
! ' Telephone— Bush 9.
, QFlAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
' EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
ANOTHER GREAT TRIUMPH,
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE In Sardou's
-. , Great Play.
"LA TOSCA."
, MELBOURNE MacDOWELL as SCARPIA.
A Two-Dollar Attraction* at Pouular Prices.
10c, 15e.-25c. 60c. A Few Seats 75c
Good Orchestra Seat at All Matinees, a Cents.
Branch Ticket Offlce, Emporium.
' Next Week— Melbourne MacDoweU as . Andreas
/ In "The Empress Theodora." „ ¦-.—..
O ¥ \TIUI *P¥ A **>*>* ar.,
THB ONLT FREE* VAUDBV ILLS HOU83I
IN THE CTTT.
THE SAMAYOAS,
: Tha Wizards of the Aerial Trapeza.
ETHEL BARLOW,
Th* jiO.000 Beauty. ¦
MABEL RUTHERFORD
FRANK BARXPN.
¦ Tho Rac-TIme Specialists.
• MATINEE EVERT SUNDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
- . • ADMISSION FREE.
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 39.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday*. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Ratn or ihlsa
Five - or more races each day. .
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. *.
' Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at U m. 'aad
M:M, 1. 1:30. I, 2:30 and t p. m. . connscttn*
with train* atopplnr , at tho entranco to th*
track. Last two . can on ' train - reserved (or
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. ¦ Buy your
ferry tickets: to Shell Mound. All train* t!»
Oakland . mole connect with San Pablo avanaa
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also . all trains via Alameda molt con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland These electrla cars
¦to direct to the track In fifteen minutes. -
Heturnlng — Trains leave the track at 4:15 aad
4:15 p. m. and Immediately after tho last raca.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Praldent.
R. B.' MILROT.' Secretary. • ». <
. STATE OF MAINE ASSOCIATION Reunion
and Picnic at Shell -Mound Park. Saturday.'
June 8, M01. Programmo-Dlnner from 13 to
1:15 p. m.; literary exercises at 1:30 p. m.;
frames and races, 2:30 p. m.; music by Fifth
Regiment' Band: .gate prizes will be drawn In
Pavilion at 4:30* p. m. ; baked beans, brown
bread and coffee free. ¦ . • .' »
¦> ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦.-¦¦¦¦ ... , .
HOTELS
Visitors to San Francisco who. mako
their headquarters at thesa hotels en-
Joy comforts and •' conveniences not to
i. b« obtained elsewhere. . Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and usequalsd
cuisine. American and European plans.
-GRAND HOTEL*-
• •• .
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦"•¦•¦••¦i^BBBBBBSBaSBBSMBSSSBSJBSBBBBBBBI
KENTCCRY LOTTERY CO.
JUNE 5, 1901.
FORT ERIE - - - CANADA.
First :.-.. 26,589 $15,000
Second .'...<• ...."... 79,613 . 84,000
Third ....;..... B5.6S6 S2.000
Fourth .". 77,647. $1,OUO
Fifth .V....; 158 $500
11 -irnn — ' n"*i~n mit-- "i— fTirr i ttL mi T
Scrofula ISIP
Scrofula is an unwelcome legacy, but one which if y$S&[ffC'c£3$fo,
the children of blood poisoned parentage must
accept, with all its humiliating consequence3. It is ftfrM^S 3^^
an inheritance that makes one poorer; that brings II LMwW SC*"^^^.T
wretchedness and disease instead of health and WMfffk \\ A$\ *
riches for the child whose ancestral blood is tainted ftBBULjf* v^..? J^Vv
with Scrofula or the loathsome virus of Contagious WmPiL^*^ M&J\ L
Blood Poison is unfitted for the arduous dutiesof w^_ JSSk^^Mm vT^f
incite < Sc 7 rofula e manifSts LeKSariora forms; swollen glands about the
neck and throat, catarrh of the head, weak eyes, hip bone. disease, white sweUing
and offensive sores and abscesses are familiar symptoms, attended
loss of strength, poor digestion and pale or bloodies* complexion. The skin is
'SSSSrtdSSfUly affected, eruptions breaking out on aU parts of the body.
Scrofula destroys bone, tissue and W; no part of ,*%"£$££%££:
'Whan nineteen years old, and about one year parents whose blood is pois-
after tha birth of xny first child, the irland. oa -£tiibYihdiaim misdeeds,
¦ore.- rlBlnVs came under my left arm, and the suffering for the sins of some
I discharge vu simply awful. The doctors said I j remote r ancestor, must re-
had the worst case of Scrofula they had ever 6tore Hxdr own blood to it3
seen.' I took iodide of potassium, but, this. nor, nonna i purity and strength,
the other drug* eiven for this disease^ brought or they cannot expect
1^^^^^ l^^^^^fe
f?w bSttles" ured mo completely; no signs of S.S. 6. cures, Scrofula^ like
the terrible diseaa* are left. . • P ' , . other ''. diseases of . a vdeep-
•:•' UBS. BIOHABD WASSON, .seated, constitutional charac-
Oolden Corners, Ohio. by i restoring ~ life i and
trarltf to the profoundly poisoned blood, 7 and the rich, strong^blood .ti&&<»"j?A
totS 'wSleniuid diseased glands absorbs and destroys the tuberculo%deposits,
? andtne Sul, disfiguring stres and other evidences of Scrofula disappear •
- "sS. should be befun immediately upon the appearance of the first symp-
tomV'or where there is a known predisposition to Scrofula. Our medual depart-
¦;SSttS Tfound of great hcgto&ose who are struggling with thiswastog
Ssease^f heredity or any. othe/blood trouble, anf we Wte you fe) write jus.
:':« :^.^-??SB;5wfe SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, QA
3':f.. . .. ADVERTISEMENTS. ; - --^- . ¦
COPt RIGHT 1*00 0V THE MOCTK* A OAMBLt C». CINCINNATI.
A LESSON IN VALUES.
I ufl||aOLLAR for dollar, pound for pound, there is
-f^W ipore in Ivor^ Soap than in any household
JL$|ffjj soap. It is easy to find a cheap soap; but
to find purity and low price in a single soap
is not easy. They combine in Ivory Soap. You
can afford to use it in the laundry; you can not
afford not to use it elsewhere. It is vegetable-oil
soap, in the cheapest form in which it can be .pro-
cured. You pay nothing for. a fancy box,- wrapper
or perfume. It. is all in the soap! It floats.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
g Happv \
I . I
Hires I
Rootbeer 1
Jt t home-made health dnnk B«
Ss A «5 cent package make* 5 Sj
)S gallons ffl
Addrea. If
>^ CHARLES E. MIRES CO j£r
OIL -WATER.
eW. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
WOn OIL WZLL8, FOR IRRIGATION. TO*
POWER FI«ANT8. TOR MINES.
TANKS
FOR OH* WB WA.TKR. FOB CTA2ODB
BAN FRANCISCO.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
VICHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
f\ f f"J" n fill I I Corner Fourth and
ttFE-HOHLswas
Will !¦ I1W I Ilia g^ overcoats and
. valises checked free.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaint* of the
Orc&os of . Generation. „
Price fl a bottle. For sale by drugglsti.Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK, June. 5.— Close: Money on call,
steady, at 3@3% per cent; last loan, 3 per cent;
prime' mercantile paper, 3%@4% per cent;.
Sterling exchange steady, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 8SU for demand and
$4 85% for sixty days; posted rates,- $4 85@4 89;
commercial bills, $4 84%@4 84%. Silver certi
ficates, nominally 60c; bar silver, 69%c; Mexi
can dollars/ 48c. State bonds. Inactive; Gov
ernment bonds, steady; railroad bonds, irregu
lar. : . : . ¦ - ¦¦¦--.. . ' ' .
New York Money Market.
LONDON, June 5. — Atchlson, 969i; Canadian
Pacific, 109%; Union Pacific, 93%; Northern
Pacific preferred, 101; Grand Trunk,- 11%; Ana
conda, 10%. Bar silver, firm, 27%d per ounce.
Money, 2 per cent. : .
CLOSING.
NEW TORK, June 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's " London financial . cablegram says:
Business .on 'the .Stock 1 Exchange .here' to-day
dwindled down' to' almost Infinitesimal propor
tions. There was a general exodus to: witness
the Derby. What jjj dealings there ¦ were cen
tered in,; the' .American .department. ,-. Those
stocks alone were fairly: active. In the early
dealings traders were mainly inclined to sell
on the theory. that stocks had enjoyed a rath
er sharp rise and that a reaction was about
due. Denver and 'Rio Grande came to the
rescue, however, and led a rally on what
was generally assumed to be Gould buying.
Atchlson also spurted on buying for 'the New
York account. The close was at the top
figures of * the day, . the coal stocks being - es
pecially favorable. ¦ . ¦
London Market.
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .*
Money—- - Westghouse Elec; 66%
Call loans ...3 @4 Bonds-
Time loans.. :...8%@4% Atchlson 4s.... 103
' Stocks— • " N E Q & Coke 6s.. 62%
A T & S F 89% Mining Shares— -' -
A T & S F prefd.. 104% Adventure 17%
Am Sugar U46 Blngham Mg Co... 23%
Am Sugar prefd... 123 Amal Copper. ..... .119%
Am Telephone ..173% Atlantic ..v 32
Boston & Albany. .255 . Boston & Mont 445
Boston- Elevated... 187% Butte & Boston: .. .112%
Boston & Maine.. .194 Calumet & Hecla..825
Dom Coal 34?i Centennial 29%
Dom Coal prefd:... 116 Franklin '17%
U S Steel : 50% Humboldt 25
U S Steel prefd.... 99 Osceola ............. 87
Gen Elec 245 Parrot 54%
Mex Central........ 25% Quincy ...170
N E G & Coke..... 10 Santa Fe Copper... 7%
Old Dom 33 Tamarack 330
Rubber 20 Utah Mining ... 31%
Union Pacific 112 Winqna 3
Union Land 3 Wolverines &7 .
West End ". 94
LOS ANGELES, June 5.— The Anti-Sa
loon League of . Southern California has
elected the following officers for the com
ing year: Superintendent, Rev. ' E. S.
Chapman*. D. D. ; president. Rev. ¦ Hugh
K. Walker; vice president at larg-e. Rev.
John I*. - Pltner; l • secretary, 1 "William A.
Cleaver; treasurer, E/G. Fay; attorney,
Edwin F.Hahn.-- -
ABti-Saloon League Officers.
EASTERN MARKETS.
; 'Articles— - ' Open. ¦: High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— ¦ .»
June ................ — — •¦'. , — ' 74
July 76U 76^4' 74% .73
September 71%./ 72% / 71%-. 7H4
: Corn.-. No. 2— . •; • ...
-Tune — '•» : — ' — 43%
July 4414; 44% ". 44V4 '¦ ' 44%
September : 44% • 44% 44% 44V
; Oats, -No.. 2— . ' • ¦'••. : ..: ' •
July .....'.......:... J .2i\i ' 28%' " ;27%. - 28%
September ' 26>4 26% , 28% : '26%
Mess Pork,, per bbl — • j' f*v\
July ...'.14 55 14 55 -J 14 52% . 14 55
September ...;...:, 14 65. ; 14 67% 14 65 .14 67%
, Lard, per 100 lbs—.- : . \ . ... -,; .,,¦
July .../... .."8 17%, 8 30 8 17%* 8 25'
September... ..J... 8 20 .;8 32%'" 8 20 8 27%
Short Rlbs,*per,100 lbs — ' ¦? . -
July ....". 7 85- ; 7 90 7 85 . ; 7 85
September -.;.... .//7 85; . \ 7 90/ 7 85 ; -7 87%
, • Cash - quotations .were '• as 'r follows : Flour,
steady; No. 1- spring, wheat, 73@77c; -'.Na-.: 3
spring, 70@71%c;' No. ¦ -9 red. . 7394@75»4c; No* 2
corn, ¦. 43%@43%c; No. 2 yellow, 43%@43%c ;¦ No.
2 cats, 27%@28c ; ; No. 2 , white. . 27%@28c ; No. " 3
• white. 28V4c ; | No. \ 2 rye/i B3c ; good . feeding bar
ley, .'50c; -fair to choice-, malting.' 51@34c; No. 1
flax seed, W $1 71; ¦ No. 1 1 ¦ Northwestern, i $1 71; •
Erlme timothy seed, $3 30@3 55; mess pork, per
bl. $14 6O@14 55 ;• lard, . per ICO lbs, $S 62%@8 75:
short . ribs, ;. sides (loose), k ?7 80@8 ; •* dry ¦ salted
New York Stock-Market.
NEW YORK. June 5.— The strength of the
stock market, which was quite marked at one
time during the day,' diminished decidedly after
a while. When the check was first declslvely
establlEhed there was a notable falling- away
in the volume cf dealings, but there was a re
sumption of activity before the close, this time
on the eel!lng side, and the closing was de
cidedly weak, with some wide breaches effected
Sn prices. The progressive decline in the
BtrenKth of the market is probably due to the
completion of realizing- profits on the various
heavy lines of stock. This profit-taking was
clearly in evidence all day, every demonstra
tion of epeclal strength in Individual stocks
being taken advantage of to prosecute the sell-
Ing elsewhere. Stocks which have shown great
eft strength recently were naturally most af
fected by the realizing. .It was current report
that much of the. buying to-day and for some
time past represented a covering of- a very
heavy line of short contracts by an Interest
which took the bear side of the market last
week in the incipient stage of the Hse, argu
ing that technical considerations called for a
reaction at that time. The sustained advance
clnce is .said to have driven this Interest to
cover at a large loss. The closing out of this
bear account also removed an Important sus
taining influence from the* market and con
tributed to the vulnerable condition which In
vited renewed attack by new comers to the
bear ranks. The sharp advances - scored in a
number of low priced stocks during the earlier
part of the day pointed clearly to manipula
tion 1n the interest of the realizing process, but
there were also many notable points of strength
developed in the market in high grade stocks.
The most sensational movement was In Rock
If land. The -late spurt in that Ftock to 175^
had a momentary Influence In stiffening- the
list after it had touched the low points of the
day to that time, but as soon as it was per
ceived that the Kock Island movement was
without effect the selling was renewed with re
doubled force. The admission of new Inter
ests to the directory of Rock Island was pret
ty clearly foreshadowed, butane extra stock
CHICAGO, June 6.— A soaking rainfall in. the
spring wheat sections .where it was \ most
needed was the dominant interest In the wheat
trade throughout the session, although other,
Items were- at hand, -at' times contributing, to
the weakness, while others caused temporary
checks. to the decline. The fact that' a lead
ing commission house is believed to be mani
pulating the j July delivery^ was apparently
overlooked by the crowd. At no time did the
support have the appearance of any strength.
Jt came almost entirely from nervous ¦ shorta, 1
: who were quick to secure' the profits which' the'
recent slump has ' brought them. ¦ July opened'
%c to %c lower at 76c to 76Vic/ajid sold quickly
to 75W,c. A prediction of frost in the North
west and more fly damage reports from Kan
sas caused a. rally to 76c, but a decline to 73Vic
followed In short. order. : 'Later July, helped, by
reports of a better cash demand and a mo
mentary ce£»ation of selling-, reacted to 75%@
75%c. - As the , session .neared the end the
anxiety to unload or to take the popular short
selling side increased because of light export
clearances, and July, dropped to : 74%c. Here
the market steadied as the selling ceased, 1 but
, the close was weak, July . l%c , lower at 75c.
September wheat was sunported chiefly by
shorts, who dreaded the effect of a frost, and
this delivery closed at 71%c, only a shade un
der yesterday. ! ;
. The corn trade was. rather dull "but strong.
July closed a shade up at 44%o. -..-..-...
• Oats • were weak. July closed %o lower at
28@28%c.Q.* . ¦ ¦ • .' • ... .;-'•-•-.- •
, Provisions were quiet, but prices held 'steady.
July pork closed a shade higher, .lard 7%c Im
proved and ribs a shade improved. .;,
i The leading futures ranged : as follows: ','•' ..* -.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as .fol
lows, 1 usual , discount to the " trade: ' : Graham
Flour, $3 -per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, ? $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do. $3 75: Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy/
$3 75@4; . Buckwheat : , Flour.- $4@4 25;.,; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; .Farina,' $4 50;' Whole Wheat
FLOUR — California Family •; extras, ] |3 25®
3 ¦ 50,-- 'usual ! terms ; ! Bakers'.. Extras, /¦ $3 ,15@3 25 :
Oregon, '¦ $2 50@2 75 per ¦¦, barrel I for t family -.. and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 73
@3. -- .¦:• :-'". : .<-:.%. i,. ;;¦¦ ¦- ¦. ¦,.;.'_. ;. . {- s;.- .,
Flour and Millstuffs.
Chicago was nervous and unsettled, owing to
the changed weather 'conditions/- Receipts
were liberal, trade was much lighter and con
siderable long July wheat was sold. . There
were more rains in the West . and Northwest,
buf none in the Southwest. 1 All markets were
reported developing, a bearish tone, on account
of the breaking of the drought, though Kan
sas wired that the rains were insufficient and
that the Wheat was falling. under the ravages
of the Hessian fly. 9 Illinois reports were bet
ter.: • ¦• ¦¦ : ¦¦..-•:,•".¦ ¦•'.:••' .- . ¦ ¦ '
j This market was weaker on call, ' but 'un
changed on the spot;: .»— . '
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 9S%c@$l; milling
$l'01%@l 03%. • - - , [i ¦ ¦ . .. . .¦¦ .
CALL BOARD. SALES.
* Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
6000 ctls,?103%; 14,000, $1 03%; 2000, |1 03%. '
Second Session— December— 10,000 ctls, $1 03V,..
. Regular Morning I Session — December— 10 000
ctls. »1 O3Ya. - , ' • , ¦ •¦••-¦ ' :;¦
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 'ctls
n 03% ;' 38,000, $103%. ' ¦,. .;•.:,..,.',¦'•
BARLEY— The market remains as for a week
or ten days -back,- being lifeless.' : -
¦ Feed, 75c for No. 1 and-.;70®72Vgc for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@S5c;
Chevalier, nominal. • .
'. j: ..: : ,;.-.: call board'sales. ¦; '.
.Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ¦ ctls, . 7O?4c 'j.
Regular Morning' Session — No sales.. ?. .-.¦:'•"'
.Afternoon Session— No sales, f, ¦¦'¦'' -.':'.'*
• OATS — Quiet and- unchanged." White, $1 42^4
@1 55;*) Surprise, ?1 50@l 65; Red, |1 33@1 45
Black, $1 22H@1 32'/4 per ctl. " / •:. .'< ...
: j CORN— The • market continues , quiet, though
quotations : show , some ' change. . Small, round
Yellow. Jl BO ; Eastern I Yellow. $1 32«£@1 37% •
White. $1 35@1 37%;. mixed, $1 30. ". -
- RYE— 77%@82%c-per ctl. ' . : !;-. >v'. r :
• BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at fl 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse.-.-. ' .,"•¦., ¦ ¦'. '. *
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both
lower. " " . . , .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling . Exchange, 60 days ...... $4 86
Sterling. Exchange, sight .; — .4 S9
Sterling cables ,...... — ' 490
New York Exchange, sight .'.....—. 12'4
New York Kxchange, telegraph.. • 15'
Silver, per ounce ....:.. — . 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49tf @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
Chicago Grain Market:
LOCAL MARKETS.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 5—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Mount TamaJpais. 6S; Independence. 84: Red
Eiuff. S6: Fresno. SO; Los Angeles, 74; Sacra
mento. 84; San Luis Obispo. 76; San Diego, 66.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CG; minimum, 4S; mean. — .
THE COAST RECORD.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past tv.erty-four hours from the mouth of the
Columbia Rivt-r northward. A moderate dis
turbance overlies Washington and Vancouver
Island and may move southward, causing
donfly. unsettled weather on the coast from
San Fi-ancisco northward.
The tfmperature has risen slowly over Cal
ifornia and rapidly over Idaho and Eastern
Oregon Conditions are very favorable for
giain and fruits in the great valleys of Cali
fornia.
Forocart made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. June 6, 1901: '
Xorthc:Ti California— Fair Thursday, except
in northern portion. wh<?re cloudy weather
End posflbly light showers may occur; light
Boetberiy winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
Uf-Ftrrly winds.
N>va-2a — Cloudy- Thursday; light southerly
wind.
I'tah— Cloudy; warmer Thursday; light
northerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
dav; fresh southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
"*•* XEW "WESTERN HOTEL.
a -a rnnrttt Presidio G P.ice. Iowa?'-.
F C Mou on L Ang W Henders ;N T
t m JoseDh Boston C Meyers. Cinn
i.^ t2v?oV S Roaa L P Bundeson. Cal
t n w-hitf'hlll. Chicago H C Peterson. Cal
i> t? -Fverett w & C H R-McMuth. Elmlra
Santa Barbkra E Season & w. Nebr
t, t cattle Denver H Johnson, Nebr
w h Wells Mlnnpla C F Rogers/ Cal
tk Payne Hanford H R McDougall. Cal
L. G Carson. Chicago E -Fields, Healdsburs
GRAND HOTEL.
B Scott. Dea Moines
E D Martin, Mo
R B-Ruff, Mo _-
Mrs P Melehan. Ptlma
M H Wood, Sacramto
C MCulner, AJameda
E J Roberts. Lompoc
J L Cross. Boston
Maggie Mclntosh > Cal
Alice Church. Eureka
L T Stephens&w. Cal
F McLeod. Chicago
WRennle& w, Fresno
Dr C L Gregory, J>ka
G H Peters. Yreka
R B Falrchild. Yreka
C W Parker. NY
F E Slmonton & aau,
J McCudden. Vallejo
Miss McCudden "Valjo
Miss McErney, \ allejo
j w Preston. Tenn
N Blackstock & dan
Ventura J.
D S Blackburn, ventra
J L Harlan. Winters
Mrs E E Spencer Cgo
j F Brooks, Chicago
E C Smith. Eugene.Or
Mrs E C Smith Ore
Winnie Smith, Ore ;
G N Merrltt&w. Cal
Mrs L A' Merritt. Cal
Mrs L "W- Hantzelman
Sacramento • *¦ ¦
M Bigg Jr. Orovlll» t<
Geo Jessen, WatsonTla
E J Relter, .Watsonvte
J McClurg. Oroville I [
H G Turner&w, Mdsta
C M Heintz. Los An,'
C F Staples, wf & dau
St Paul
J Dunn. Reno,'. Nev
E L Van deck. Cal
G J Owens, Bkrsfleld
G B Stack&w. Sacto
F - Soweriy&w, - Stkton
C .B Bell
W W Patterson. Cal ,
Dr Ruggles, Stockton
G Shnggart&w Colusa
J Glvens, Stanford
A B Lemmon, Sta Rsa
W M Flynn. -Iowa
G W Rukeman, Wls
J Mackain & w, Cal
B Reed. Angels Camp
A W Hunt. N Y
P H Idol. Ukiah
Mrs Jacks, Cal
H Thorp. Sacramento
J H Tibblts.- Redding
L M Hancock, Ney Cy
J M Howells, Lor A
Mrs Tuttle. • Portland ¦
D H Stelnmetz. Cartel
E Waltnam, NY
B T Hathaway, N Y
F G Enuld, Chicago
I A Whltcomb, Chgo
G T Swain & w, Boetn
C P Sturgis. Chicago
EGA Bevis, V A
D G Curtis, Pa ' " •
G H Taylor, Chicago
Mrs D Hogan, Chgo
'Miss R Hogan. Chgo
Miss B Hogan, Chgo
W M Borrow, Ga
J D Massey, Ga
C N Duffy & w, Chgo
T C- Smith & w, Chgo
H C-Mackey & w,- Wls
F L Merritt. N C
W E Manor. N C
D L Rogers & w, N C
J M Neill & w. N C
Dr D H. Abbot & w,
N C
B F Chadbourn, Me
C J Lfndley & w. 111
Miss W Neill, 111
J S Neville & w. 111
Miss Neville. Ill •¦
: J W Klnney & w. 111
"VV Kllpatrick & w, Chg
H B Meyers & w, Chg
E G Shubert & w. Chg
Miss H Johnson, Wis
Miss K Johnson, "Wls
Mrs French, Wis
Mrs Masters, 111
H P Schmidt, Wls
W A Sherman. Salt' L
J V, Smith. Ala
Miss C C Smith, Ala.
Miss M E Rice, Wls
G L Rice & w, Wls
G M Read, Vt
Mary A Read, Vt
Mrs W Latte, Phlla
•Miss Edith Latte.Phtla
Helen Miltle, Phlla -
I B Brown & w, Pa
R W Brown, Pa
Miss M Stack, Tenn
Miss M Hadrick. Mich
G W Bishop. Boston
A McAlpie, Boston
Thos J Kenny, Boston
J H Paddock & w. Ill
T C Paddock & w. 111
Lucy A Wiggins. Ill
R R Moody, N C
IW Mitchell, N Y
A H, Griffin, Cal .
O M Evans & w, Ohio
E H Archer & w. Ohio
A- K Tlesberger & w,
Minn : , . «
G M Post. Denver
R Barney. Denver
W F Gardner & w, .SD
A Klrkpatrlck & w.
SD
C C Hammond & w,
S D
iP J Glldemelster, N T
J A Morris,-N Y ¦
C Stakles & w, N Y
Miss Stakles, N. Y
W Rohlf & w. Iowa
. W Miller & w. Md
R Graham & w. Mil
A L Dickinson, Md
Mrs Gardner. Md •
T Hennessy, Jefferson
H P Smith Jr. S Jose
T Gapp, St Paul
T Cory Jr. S r> -
G L Chesberg, S D
M Berry & w. Illinois
> W H Seamans. Sacto
• A Dickinson. N Y
1 Mrs Fraser. N Y
G G Gage, Oakland
J J Flood, Chicago
! W McDermott. Ohio
O K Sanborn. N Y
A J Biersdorf. Chicago
J Howe & wt Duluth
G Curtis, Clinton, II!
M Lewla, Clinton. Ill
W Gifford & w, Chigu
E GifTord &w. Chigo
E S Benson. Portland
Miss Kendall, Los Ang
C H Lyford, NY;
O A Pease, Chicago
R W Hill. Los Ang
E C Judklns. London
1 M Hurdlestone, Londn
B B HInckley. Mass
C Huster & w, Montry
Fred Keisel. Sacto
1 J Wald. N Y
Mrs .Austin. Shanghai
Mrs West. Shanghai
A Sneve, Denver
W Richardson & w.NY
Miss Richardson, N Y
Mrs Stanley, Shanghai
B Eaum Jr. Germany
¦¦ A F Worin. Germany
Mr Under & w, Germy
Miss Mund. Germany
Mrs Wilkes. England
Mrs Thomson, Engine!
1 Mrs Neilson. England
M P ' Nevens. Paris
J. d'Iderville. Paris
1 J Sheppard & w, Eng
I G Boehra. Germany
I W Wilson. England
Captain Cox. China
Capt Gaggtns. Str SUt
E E Rouse, India
Mrs Coleman, N Y 1
1 H Callender & w. L A
> Mrs Lamatte. Germny
, Mrs Lansershauser, Gy
Miss Hildebrand. Gmy
F Buck. VacaviHe
W Pullman &w, N Y
) L A Johnsfn. Boston
J Adams. Dubuque
Mra Franklin,. Salt Lk
Miss Franklin. Salt Us
A Taylor & w, S D^
PALACE HOTEL.
- 50 Makawell ......".......'. '..-.. 3350
¦ BO Market-street -.".: 7025
.• 100 Paauhau '....' [[ 35 jjo
;' 20 Pacific Coast- Borax. !'*165 00 '
¦ •'-i 10 S F Gas and Electric...::.......- ' 37 m
$1CCO S F and S J V :....; ;.. "-37 <£
• -5 Spring Valley Water;................ gg qq
120 Spring Valley Water .: So 50
145 Spring^Valley Water ".............;.. 85 62%
. . * Afternoon Session.
. . : • Board— ¦ ¦ •; .". - -. ' '
:,-20Cal Fruit Canners ..,:......:' 97 no ¦
i 50 Equitable Gas ...'.. .:;..-...;.. . •" 3 23
'.- 230 Hutch Sugar, Plan tation.......M 19 m>
$2UOO Los Angeles 5s.:..... .-./.. \'-m ,3
-10 Pacific Coast Borax.:.. \\'yk> 00
5 S F.Gas and Electric. :'...... ' 37 121/
$1000 S P of Arizona .."..;... "Mass*
; 2S,VigorIt; ....V..... "v^IITa 00 .
, :.' ¦/:• ; PRODUCERS' • OIL EXCHANGE. '
A Morning" Session. ",
, ¦ -¦ : Board — ..: • --/».'.,.. ¦.'.¦¦-.¦.•.'? ¦.;.*• ¦
5 400 Central - Point Con .'.i;. ...... '-ten
. 500 Hanf ord, Fresno, Kern River " * M
¦10 Kern- River ..;..... ""* 10 nn
1 590 Monarch of Arizona ...•.;/...'.""" 34
2500 "Petroleum; Center... .....!*.""¦* . 04
100 Petroleum Center',....;;./.... . """* m
.1000 Reed Crude "..-. ..""" ic
- '50 San Joaquln Oil & Dev..... "*-" s 50 -
1 100 Sovereign >..•..........* ...... "" 25
1000 Sunset (original) ....:.'....; '":- 2 >
.' "•Street— ¦-¦•-.'•-• • ¦
'- 1 Hanford ....... ...•.: 89 00
. "-.-¦" '/' , . " ' "Afternoon Session ' • '\
;¦'*¦* Board — - ¦• ¦ » -;--• ?•
¦¦; 50 Kern ¦ ..'. .../. '..'./..\.\ .;.... 50.
''tOKern- River .. :.."... ...'.. ..'...... " 10 00
>3oo Lion \.v./.... .*..""¦::.'..*..:.-./.¦..'...:"'.".".¦ 12
; 200 Monarch 'of 'Arizona....... .-35
i*10O Petroleum', Center. v. i»:..; - 03
1 10ft Petroleum Center ......; """ 02
1900 Petroleum. Center ..¦.......".:... 04
j 200 Wolverine ..../...... ,..„'.../....;;..,... 75-
• '.*! .' , Morning Session.'
" ¦ ' Board — " . ¦
• 20 Alaska Packers' ...128 00
I 10 Contra Costa Water..". 79 00
$1000 Spring -Valley .Water bonds......... 109 23
1 ' 75 Honokaa ;.. 21 0O
Alaska Pack.,128 128% Oceanic S S..45 47%
Cal Fruit Can 97 , 100 •, Pac Aux F Al 2 —
Cal Wine.Asn.100 — jPac C Borax.. 163 — •
Mer Ex .' 110 ¦— IPar Paint 18 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Giant..;. 76>A 7TU] Vlgorlt ¦. 3. 3%
SUGAR. "~
Hana .......... 7% 8& Kilauea ....'..•. 17 " 19
Hawaiian — 51 .Makawell .... 33U 38u
Honokaa 21 — Onomea ; 20 22S
Hutchlnson ... 18% 13«4 Paauhau 28 27
POWDER.
California .:..137%138 O S L & H.... 40 _
Geary — 40 Presidio .- 25 27
Market ....... 70% —
STREET RAILROADS.
BANKS'
Anglo-Cal ...,77 81 LP&A 147 _
California 409-410 Mer Ex.(liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F National. 120 —
First Natl 309 315 . -
: 1 "SAVINGS GANKS.
German ......1900 igav & Loan... — — .,
Humboldt .... — — [Security ...:.. 275 "—
Mutual...../... 50 '— I Union Trust. .1400 —
San Francisco. 520 550 I . ¦ =• .
STOCKS.
I Spring Valley. 85 ' 85%
ELECTRIC. • ¦
Pacific Lt- 46% 50
Sacramento ... —
S F G & E.. 36% 37%
San Francisco. 4 .431
Stockton ...... _ _
:ANCE.-. ¦" -
" WATER
Contra Costa.. 76^4 79 I
Mann County. 5:1*4 '— * |
. . GAS AND J
Cent L & P... 3 —
Equitable ..... Z% 3%
Mutual 4% —
Oakland ."..... 50 —
Pacific Imp .. — '35 .
INSUR.
Firem's Fund.235 * — J
Bid. Ask.
4s qr cp (new)138%133
3s quar coup.. 109 liu '
:ous bonds.
Oceanic . . . 102 103
Omnibus R 6s. —
Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Pk & C H 6s.. 108 —
Pk & O R 63.117 —
Powll-st R 63.120 —
Sac E G R 5s. — 100
S F & SJV 6s.l20% —
Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
S P of A 6s
(1909) 113 113%
(1310) 114% -
S P of C 6s
(1905), Ser A.108 lfj
(W05), Ser B.W/% —
•1JC6) - m
(1S12) _ ]22
S P of Cal 1st
cp gntd g3s. 105 —
S V Br Cal 6s. 135 — :
S V Water 63 — 114
D-> 4s ....102% —
Do 4s, 3d m. ~ 102
Slktn Gaa 63. 1W —
. Bid. Ask.
4s quar reg 113%114%
4s quar coup..ll2%113y>
' MISCELLANE
Bay Co P C os.105 —
Cai-st 5a 117% —
C C Water os.109%103%
Ed L Ik P 6s.l2S%i:y'i
Fer & Cl R6s.U6%llJ
Geary-st 5s ... — —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% —
Do 5s 101 . 102%
Los Ang R 5s. 113 —
L A Light 6s. — 102
Do sntd 6s. — 104
Do jnitd os.IOO — .
L A & Pac 5s.lO2%104
Do 1 c m Es.103% —
Markt-st C 6s. — 127%
Do 1 C m OS.12214 —
Nev Co R 7s. — 113%
Nor R.Cal 6s. Ill * —
D<» 5s 118%119Vi
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO- —
Do 5s.. — 108%
Nor Cal R 5s. 110 US
Oak Gas 5s... 112 —
Do.Tran 6s.ll6%117;i
Do Wat, 5s.; — 106
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WEDNESDAY, June .5—2 p. m.
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
The oil stocks remained dull at previous quo
tations. : ; " .'•.¦¦¦
Beginning with July 15 the Contra Costa
Water Company, will pay monthly dividends
of 42c. ¦ ' . * •
-Oil City Petroleum paid a dividend of %o
yesterday. ' Central Point Consolidated will
pay one of 2c on the 10th. •
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
On the morning session of the Bond Exchange
Spring Valley Water was lower at $S6@S5 50.
Alaska Packers' was higher at $128 and Contra
Costa Water at $78 50. Gas and Electric sold
at $37.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Cotton closed steady,
two points net higher. {¦'•
New York Cotton Market.
, NEW YORK, June 5.— The features of Im
portance were lacking in, metals to-day. Here
the market for tin ruled very quiet all day.
The close was dull at $27 50@28. -. In London
spot American future tin advanced 10s with
fair business noted, .closing with the mar
ket steady in tone at £126 and £125* for fu
tures. Copper futures were unchanged and
remain in a somewhat narrow state for Lake
Superior and $16 62% for casting - and electro
lytic. Values in London were a shade lower,
spot closing at £69 6s 3d and futures £G!<
17s 6d. Lead was steady , at | $4 37% , for lots
of fifty tons or over. Spelter declined 2s 6d
abroad, closing easy at £17 10s. while ' the
market here was quiet and 5 points lower on
asking rates, the closing being on the basis
of- $3 95@4. Domestic iron markets ruled dull
at $10 25@10 50 for pig: Northern foundry,
$15 25<S16 50; Southern foundry, $14@15 50,'. and
60ft Southern, $13@15 50. • - - - ¦
New York Metal. Market.
NEW YORK. June 5.— FLOUR— Receipts. 21. -
779 barrels; exports, 10,813 barrels; moderately
active and steady. „
WHEAT— Receipts, 156,750 bushels; exports,
97,861 bushels. Spot, 'easier; No. 2 red, 83%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 81%c elevator; No." V
Northern Duluth. 87%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth, 91%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened ' weak under further unloading of July,
large Northwestern receipts, unfavorable
cables,' rain in spring wheat States and small
seaboard clearances. Later a - rally occurred
on covering, led by September, but the market
finally weakened again and closed partly %c
net lower. July, 80@80%c, closed 80%c; Sep
tember, 76%@77%c, closed 76%c.
HOPS— Quiet. . . •
HIDES— Steady. .
WOOL— Dull. '
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;"
mild, quiet; Cordova. 8%@12%c.
Futures closed steady with prices net un-'
changed to five points lower. Total sales, 7750
bags. Including June,' 5.90c; September, 5. 30@
5.35c; October, 5.35c; November, 5.40c; Decem
ber, 5.55c. .
SUGAR— Raw, quiet: fair refining. 5 3-32c:
centrifugal, 96 test." >4%c; molasses sugar, 3
7-16c; refined, unsettled. ¦ 7 .
BUTTER— Receipts, 12,084 packages. Steady:
creamery, 15@ 19c;. factory, ll#14c. . ;
EGGS— Receipts, 19.277 packages. Easier;
Western candled, 13%@14c; Western uncandled,
ll%@13c.
• DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 5.— A healthy" undertone
prevailed in the market for evaporated apples
and a good business was done at fully main
tained prices. State common,' 3©3%c; prime,
4%ig4%c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy, 6@6%c. '
California dried fruits ruled quiet and un
changed.
PRUNES— 6Vi®7c per pound, as to size and
quality. . . .
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8%@
13c. . " "...
PEACHES— Peeled,* 12%@20c; unpeeled, 5%@
10c. ' ¦ ¦ -
New York Grain and Produce.
"WEDNESDAY. June 5—* p. m.
A1 t Bid. Ask. 1 V Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 03 05
Alta — 02|Kentuck — 03
Andes C4 C6 Lady Wasb 01 —
Belcher 08 10 Mexican 17 18
Best & Belcher 19 21 Occidental ..... 03 04
Bullion 02 Q3 Ophir 100 105
Caledonia 43 60 Overman 23 24
Challenge Con.. 16. 18 Potosi 11 12
Chollar 06 07 Savage 09 11
Confidence 60 ¦ 68 Scorpion ...... 04
Con Cal & Va..2 S5 2 40 Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... — . 01 Sl8rra Nevada.. 09 10
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill.....; 31 32
Crown Point... 08 11 St. Louis 06
Eureka Con 06 — Standard 3 75 —
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate 06 —
Gould & Curry. 06 08 Union Con 13 20
Hale & Nor.... 21 22 "Jtah 04 06
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 16 IS
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock. Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 21 "600 Mexican ;. IS
300 Best & Belcher 20 400 Ophir 105
600 Chollar 07 200 Potosi .* 1"
700 Gould & Curry. 07 1000 Potosi n
300 Mexican 19 200 Yellow Jacket.. 18
300 Mexican 20 -^
- Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 06 100 Mexican 17
100 Best & Belcher 20 200 Ophir 1 05
100 Con Cal & Va.2 35 200 Ophir .1 02%
50 Confidence ..... 65 300 Overman 23
100 Mexican . 300 Sierra Nevada.. 09
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 10 200 Mexican 19
100 Best & Belcher 20 200 Overman 23
500 Con Cal & Va.2 40 100 Savage H
100 Crown Point .. 09 400 Sierra Nevada. 12
200 Hale & Norcros 23 . 400 Yellow Jacket.. IS
Afternoon "Session. , * -
400 Best & Belcher 20 1100 Overman V,
300 Con Cal & &a.2 35 50fr Sierra Nevada. 09
200 Ophir 1 05 10O Silver Hill .... 32
Afternoon Session.
Board — • , -
500 Lion .'..: „ 14
1000 Monarch of Arizona 34
• MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board—
600 Lion ....; 14
300 Monarch of Arizona 33
2500 Petroleum Center 04
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
. NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
84,000 Atchlson 88V*
49,600 Atchison prefd ......104
3,900 Baltimore & Ohio... 106
3,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 96
7,100 Canadian Pacific- '. 107
400 Canada Southern 1VA
13,100 Chesapeake & Ohio 51
10,300 Chicago & Alton 48
3,100 Chicago & Alton prefd 8Ui
400 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 196»4
2,i TOO Chicago, Ind & Louisville 38
600 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd. 73
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 132
5.700 Chicago & Great Western .; 23#
Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 81
200 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 46%
100 Chicago & Northwestern ¦ 204
32,300 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 169
3,100 Chicago Terminal & Trans 23%
3,000 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... iaV*
400 C C C & St Louis 82V4
1,100 Colorado Southern 16
SKX) Colorado Southern 1st prefd...'. ; 52%
300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 24Vi
700 Delaware & Hudson :.. j 168
W)0 Delaware, La cka wanna & West 237%
3,200 Denver & Rio Grande 51
9,100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 99U
S3.200 Erie 43^
9,400 Erie 1st prefd 71
2,700 Erie 2d prefd. 58
COO Great Northern prefd 185%
300 Hocking Valley hi%
400 Hocking Valley prefd..... 77%
17,200 Illinois Central 144%
2,100 Iowa Central 34
~200 Iowa Central prefd 62
300 Lake Erie & Western. ".-.:.... 60
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
11.700 Louisville & Nashville 107Vi
4.900 Manhattan Elevated 119%
2.900 Metropolitan Street Railway 172
2,100 Mexican Central ....:..... 25%
1,000 Mexican National 11>4
4,900 Minneapolis & St Louis..... 97
14,600 Missouri Pacific 114
3J00 Missouri, Kansas & Texas.. 3Ui
1.C0O Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 63'A
100 New Jersey Central 160%
9,400 New York Central 158
700 Norfolk & Western....' 54%
Norfolk & Western prefd 87%
Northern Pacific 100
200 Northern Pacific prefd 98
42,700 Ontario & Western 37%
56,700 Pennsylvania 152
7,800 Reading '...'......' 46
8,000 Reading 1st prefd '. 78%
3,300 Reading 2d prefd 56%
¦400 St Louis & San Francisco 47%
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd"....... 86
1,500 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 71%
Cf*O St Louis Southwestern... 36 .
3,100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 66%
1L500 St Paul : ......171%
St Paul prefd 185
207,800 Southern Pacific 60"'«
1S.S00 Southern Railway 34%
5,700 Southern Railway prefd 8614
fi,100 Texas & Pacific 4S%
5,100 Toledo, St Louis & West 23
6,500 Toledo, St Louis & West prefd 38
60,600 Union Pacific 111%
1,200 Union Pacific prefd 91
19,500 Wabash 24%
7,900 Wabash prefd 44%
3.100 Wheeling & Lake Erie .: 20%
1,500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 33%
23,500 Wisconsin Central 22%
11,100 Wisconsin Central prefd.. ....... 46%
P C C & St L 73%
Express Companies —
Adams - 180
200' American ....191
100 United States ..."..:.......:.. 91
Wells Fargo 155
Miscellaneous —
36,600 Amalgamated Copper 120H
35.400 American Car & Foundry.: 29H
6,100 American Car & Foundry prefd 84T4
100 American Linseed OH '.... H%
7C0 American Linseed Oil prefd.. 40
7,200 American Smelting & Refining 58
2,'>00 American Smelting & Rflning prefd 99%
16.100 American Tobacco 139V*
4,200 Anaconda Mining Co 50
9.6TX) Brooklyn Rapid Transit.... 80
1,500 Colorado. Fuel & Iron 103%
1,000 Consolidated Gas 223%
14.100 Continental Tobacco 62%
3.600 Continental Tobacco prefd 11514
1,400 General Electric .245%
300 Glucose Supgar ...." 58 ,
9,000 Hocking Coal ;.... 22>4
300 International Paper 24
600 International Paper prefd 79%
1,500 International Power 98%
:.. Laclede Gas 85
1,500 National Biscuit ;..... 45%
400 National Lead , lg%
400 National Salt ; 44
100 National Salt prefd 77%
300 North American 90%
Pacific Coast 61%
9,400 Pacific Mall ; 42%
10,700 People's Gas .......116%
7,000 Pressed Steel Car...-. *,. 45%
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
Pullman Palace Car ...208%
1,900 Republic Steel 19%
500 Republic Steel prefd..:.... ii l A
23,100 Sugar 146*
2,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 60
300 Union Bag & Paper Co 13%
2.S00 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 71%
4,100 United States Leather ....;. 14%
3,200 United States Leather prefd 79^
400 United States Rubber 20%
100 United States Rubber prefd 62%
91,400 United States Steel 50%
70,500 United States Steel prefd 9S%
2,200 .Western Union 94
1,448,200 shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
TJ S 2s ref reg...'...106% N T Central lsts..l07%
Do coup 107 N J Central gen 5s. 132%
U S 3s reg ....109 No Pacific 3s....... 72%
Do coup .4109 No Pacific 4s.... '.,.104%
U S new 4s reg.. ..138% N Y r C & St L 4s..lO6V»
Do coup 138% Nor & W con 4s.. 102%
U S old 4s reg.. 112% Or Nav lsts 109
Do coup 113% Or Nav 4s 103 *
U S 5s reg ....108% Or Short L 6s. .....127
Do. coup :l..JOS?i Or Short L con 5s. US
D of C 3.65s.... 125% Reading Gen 4s.... $V/ a
Atchlson gen 4s. ...103% R.G West lsts .102%
Atchison adj 4s.... 96% S L & I M con 6s.:116%
Canada So 2ds.....lO8 S L & S F sen 6s. 134
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO7% St Paul con... ....184
Ches & Ohio 6s. ....119% St P C & P lsts. ...118%
C & N W con 7s...l42% St P C & P 5s... ..119%
C & NW SFdeb 5s.l21% So Pacific 4s.......; 94%
Chicago Term 4s.. Sh'/t So Railway 5s......ll8«i
Colo So 4s 89 S R & T 6s. .. 61
D & R G 4s 10Z% Tex & Pac lsts. ...118%
Erie Gen 4s 89% Tex & Pac Ms...... 89
F W & D Cy lsts.. 108% Union Pac 4s....... 106 '
Gen Elec 6b...«. 185% Wabash lsts 117U
Iowa Central lsts ..115 Wabash 2ds .'..;.... 111%
L & Nash un 4s. ..103% -West Shore 4«... '114
M K & T 24s....*. 83% Wis Central lsts... 90«
IMK4T 4s.. ..:... 97% Va Centuries .95%
I NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
I Adams Con.... 18 Little Chief.. ........ 13
i Alice 43 Ontario .....8 00
Breece ....:.. ....1 60 Ophtr 1 00
Brunswick Con...... 17 Phoenix'.. n
Comstock Tunnel... 05% Potosi ¦.;..... • ""'OS
Con Cal & Va-....,.2 45 Savage ...'...;....'.!; 05
Dead wood Terra.... 55 Sierra Nevada • 10
Horn Silver.......... 1 15 Small Hopes..; 45
Iron Silver.. ..-¦ 60 Standard .. 3 70
LeadvUie Con....'... 06 •.
issue was an entire surprise to the street. - The
movement in Atchlson was more gradual and
on larger dealings. Rumors of a lease to
Union Pacific persisted, and the admission to
the directory of a member of the banking firm
which represents the Northern lines of- Pa
cific railroads ' was regarded as significant of
the progress being made toward community of
interest in that territory as a result of the
adjustment of the Northern Pacific quarrel.
Atchison's extreme rise was V&. The story of
Missouri Pacific's control of Southern Pacific
and the remainder of the exchange of Missouri
Pacific stock for the Denver and Rio Grande
stock were Influences in that group of rail
roads. Pennsylvania was affected by the pub
lished opinion of an executive officer lately, re
turned from Europe of good prospects for "the
coal export trade. Executive changes in the
Erie were taken as foreshadowing Improve
ments In operation. The strength of Illinois
Central was based on comparison of its low
price with other railroad stocks In the same
category;- Amalgamated Copper suffered from
the granting cf- a new injunction ag-ainst- its
proposed absorptions. Advances of from one
to four points in a number of low priced rail
roads and industrials were unexplained by any
news. The advance In Canadian Pacific and its
affiliated lines was designed to lift the stock
in proportion to the advance of the other
stocks of Northern Pacific lines. ,
The bond market was irregular in sympathy
with stocks. Total sales, par value, $3,651,000.
United. States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
Weather Report.
"Favorable factors m the situation: First —
The Supreme Court decision in the Porto Rico
case. Second— Cuba's acceptance of the terms
for the island's government. Third— The final
settlement of the London shorts in the North
ern Pacific corner, which removes the North
ern Pacific menace from both the London and
New York markets. Fourth— The settlement
of many of the threatened strikes. Fifth— J. P.
Morgan's early return. He will leave for home
next week; his return will improve the steel
rtocks. He will also meet his adversaries and
harmenize them: as a matter of fact, the dif
ferences heretofore existing between -them are
already 6ettled and the various parties- are
ajrajn on friendly terms. The outlook for the
coining week is for a more active market and
a higher level of prices."
"A few flays before the November election
the prices of twenty-live representative stocks
averaged $68 40 per share; on the day previous
to the Northern Pacific panic the prices of
these same shares averaged $102 44, showing
an average rise In values, during the twenty
nine weeks, of 50 per cent; and, at present, the
average price of this group of shares is 6.74
per cent lower than on May 7 and yet
41.17 per cent higher than on November 2, 1900.
These comparisons show «-ery strikingly how
little prices have thus far been affected by the
recent immense liquidations and how widely,
in spite of those realizations, values range
ebovc a three years' normal level. Such an
array cf facts has no parallel in the history
of Wall street's many great crises. The
causes paving the way for the great advance
had been long preparing, but were unnoticed
and without effect on either investors or specu
lators; and now that the unequaled rise has
come and has suffered the attack of an un
precedented strain on confidence, the down
ward reaction in values is only some 5 per
cent, the tension has steadily relaxed, and
among the banks and the great commission
houses there seems to be confidence enough to
support a revival of the movement , which has
shown such extraordinary strength. The re
sumption of speculation, however, is now evi
dently forthcoming, especially as there are no
signs of any spirited attempt to force a back
ward movement in prices. The bears are few
and timid and find short sales dangerous. The
strong undertone of confidence is the control
ling factor; but no extravagant bull movement
is likely to be undertaken at present, because
the trained operators are willing to bide their
time, and feel satisfied that in the fall there
will be a great revival of the speculative spirit,
v.-hich will be inspired by a fine season's busi
ness and the harvesting of crops, and then the
country will have had its confidence confirmed
in the new scale of prices, all the conditions
thus being then forthcoming for a return of
the boom to about the -phase in which the May
panic found it. This, at least, appears to be
the conclusion to which a majority of the spec
ulative element is wending its way.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews says,
under date of June 1:
The Situation in Wall Street.
WHEAT- Spot, firm; No. 2' red Western
winter, 5s ll^d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 2d-
No. 1 California, 6s 2d. Futures— Steady July
5s ll%d; - September/ 5s 10%d. t. ¦
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new,
3s ll»4d; do old, 4s 2%d. Futures— Quiet; July
3s HV»d; September, 3s HV4d. •
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 5.— Consols, 93% ; Silver.
27 7-16d; French rentes, lOlf 10c; wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1
Standard California, 30s 3d; Walla Walla
29s; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, June 5.— Wheat, easy; No 1
Standard California.- 6s 2d@6s 2Vfcd; Wheat' in
Paris, weak; Flour in Parl3, weak; French
country markets. ¦ firm ; weather In England
fine. . . . :
COTTON-Uplands, 4 17-32d.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, June 5.— Clearings, $410,662; bal
ances, $34,708. . .
. , WASHINGTON. '
TACOMA, June 5.— Wheat unchanged; club,
60c; bluestem, 60%c. ¦
PORTLAND, June C— Wheat— Steady at 59®
60c for Walla Walla.
Portland's Business.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
SHEEP— RecHpUr-' 23,000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice • wethere, $4@4 40; fair
to choice mixed, $3 65@4 20; Western sheep,
$4 10ffl4 40; yearlings. $4 3u@4 fiO; native lambs,
$4@4 25; Western lambs, $4 50@5 35. .......
CHICAGO. June 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,
000, i including 400 Texans. Steers, strons and
active, . but . choice stock ¦ about steady ; others
weak. 'Top, $6 15; good to prime- steers, $5 60®
6 15; poor to medium, $4 50<j?5 50; stockera and
feeders, weak, except for fancy, $3@4 75;' cows,
$2 7S@4 £5; heifers, $2 85@5 10; canners, $2@2 70;
bulls, $2 85®4 60; calves. $4 E0@6; Texas ..fed
steers. $4 50@5 40; bulls, $2 75@3 85.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 36,000; to-morrow,
25,000; left over, estimated, 4000. Easier. Top,
$5 97^4; mixed and butchers', $5 70@5 92%; good
to choice ' heavy, ' $5 75@5 97>A; - rough heavy,
$5 6005 70;- light, $5 65@5 87^; bulk of sales,
$5 80@5 90. ¦ ' '. ¦ * v- . . -
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, June 5.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned" California fruit to-day and
the following prices were realized: Apricots —
Royal, - single crates, 90c@$l 95, average $126.
Peaches— Alexander. ¦ boxes. 95c@$l 75, average
$104. Cherries— Black Republican, boxes, $1 60
@1 80, average $1 64 ; Royal Anne, boxes, $1 05
@1 83,: average -$l 45.. Five cars' sold to-day;
favorable weather. ¦ ''-", '''..,
BOSTON, June 5.— The Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit at auction to-day, were
as follows:. Apricots — Royals, single ¦- crates,
$1 80@2 20. average - $1 91. Peaches— Alexander,
boxes, 51 40@2 04. average $1 90; single crates,
$1 80@2 10/ average $1 94. One car sold to-day;
weather favorable. , ,'. - .. ,
NEW YORK, June 5.— Porter Bros. Com-'
pany* s - sales " of " California ~ fruit : Cherries-
Royal Anne, $1 50 to $1 95; • Republicans, $1 40
to $1 95; "Bing, $2; Tartarlans, $1 15 to $1 90;
Blgereau, 45c to $155; Governor Wood, 85c to
$1 30: Rockports, $105 to $115; Centennial, 95c
to $1 25; Oregons, 95c to $1 50. Apricots— Royal,
$1 15 to $1 75; Newcastle, $1 05 to $1 40. Peaches
—Alexander, 75c to $1 35; Governor Garland,
$1 25 ; Alexanders, 85c to $1 30, crates. Plums—
Clymans. $1 25 to , $2 63. Five cars fruit sold.
California Fruit Sales.
The sales since .January .1 amount to 92,192,000
pounds, against 63,194,100 pounds for the 'cor
responding, time last year. , .
: While the wool market, Is still quiet the" de
mand shows' some tendency to expands. A few
fair sized lines have ¦ been . moved, however, but
most of- the ¦ business still ! consists : of • moderate
sized lots. The outlook for, a good . of
business is considered more encouraging, how
ever, by careful observers, who state that they
would Snot be" surprised to see a fairly good
trader in progress during the .-course .of the
next few weeks.". The trend of the goods mar
ket is still toward an improvement. A num
ber of manufacturers report that they have re-,
ceived I more '. orders, and , many of those who
come ; . Into - the market look j more hopeful "and
talk more encouragingly. As far as prices are
concerned, j however, there 'is certainly no im
provement to : be noted. The pressure exerted
by the American wools has resulted in lower-,
ing prices for good domestic quarter-bloods to
a twenty-cent basis and all lines of medium
and low wools are in buyers',, favor. . Holders of
new territory wools who paid • for them the
equivalent to 40c ; clean landed are asking
prices ranging anywhere from 42c to 45c clean,
which consumers will not pay unless the wools
are very fine or run very large into; staple.
Eastern houses are still buying in the West,
and especially in Wyoming.
,The sales for the week In Boston amounted
to 3,435,000 pounds domestic "and 356,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of- 3,785,000' pounds,
against a total of 2,690,000 pounds for the- pre
vious week and a total of 1,727,200 pounds for
the corresponding week last year. •
T BOSTON. . June 5.— The American -Wool' and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: ' ; •"*•- ',.
Boston Wool Market.
' Flour— . • ¦ . .
Opening '............. 25 05 ¦' 26 65
Closing:... /..:...:.:.. 25 15 26 65
PARIS.
"Wheat—/* June. Sept.-Dec'
Opening- ............ .'.-.... ...... 20 20* .20 85
Closing .......20 20' 20 90
" LIVERPOOL.
Wheat—- July. -'Sept.
Opening 6 00 • . 5 10%
Closing, 6 11% 5 10ft
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures lower. Spot prices unaltered.
Some change in Corn. Other, grains as before.
Good Hay continues firm and in light receipt.
Feedstuff s, Beans and Seeds unchanged.
New Potatoes and Onions steady. Old Potatoes dull and weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Clierries scarce and firm. Other tree fruits plentiful.
Two cars of Oranges sold at auction.
New dried Apricots quoted at 7&@8 x Ac.
Nothing* new in Provisions.
Meat market shows no change.
Nothing new on the local stock exdianges.
Grain Bags firm.
Foreign Fuiiires:
i HIDES - AND .SKINS- Culls , and brands ¦ sell
about i l%c '} under ;, quotations.' *.> Heavy ;- Salted
Steers. •• 10c ; ; ¦ medium. ; . 9@9^c ; .; light, .; &eg%c ;
, A local house says of /Wool: -"The trade dur
ing ' the months :of ,r April- and May was fairly
active (and, '} while \ prices ' not ; lip /to the
hopes of growers ~and dealers they. were as good
as ...could be i reasonably t expected on - such ¦ a
Wool outlook as has obtained for many months
previous *. to ':, the j season' s opening. ¦-• Those > who
have; met the current : market will, on the whole
prove, to have been the wisest,. because already
.we i notice ; less \, Inquiry 'and * more ; indifference
among shippers and scourers. x We also note the
fact- that, but* very little* of: the domestic -clip
of ¦ 1901 a has • been , as : yet marketed, ;: and * as ' a
large share of the clip of 1900 is unsold, there is
no reason 'to believe that any. better than pres
ent 1 quotations : will : rule :¦ for many : months to
;come."->v ¦¦•-¦ :..>•¦; - -:..•-•;:.:.•*¦*•.. ;.-_y -.- :,-•¦¦; .',,--..
Hides, Tallozv,: Wool {and Hops.
. - COTTOLENE— One .. half-barrel, : ; 8%c; ."- three
¦half-barrels,. 8%g;' one tierce, ,8%c; two tierces
8^0; -five tierces, S%c per lb. ; - . j
r LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and- 10®10%c . for % pure ;S- half-barrels,
pure, 10i4@10%c; lu-lb tins,:10%@lltfc; 5-lb tins,
io%@ii%c. - . .- •>.;:.•¦.-¦. . -
j CUKED; MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
¦12V4@13c for light medium,' I3%c for light, "'-H^c
for. extra light and 13%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef, $12
per barrel: extra* Mess,: $12 50; Family, : $11 60;
prime Mess 'Pork,'. $15: - extra ¦ clear, $23; - Mess
$19;:Smoked Beef, ; r 13%@14c:per-lb. -¦ '¦¦¦ '-¦¦- j>- . *
There Is nothing new .to report.
Provisions.
| NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, Il@llV^c; No.
2, 8@8%c; No.;.l hardshell, 19@10%c;' No. 2, 6%@
7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell. 10@llc for
softshell and 5@6c > for hardshell ; Peanuts ; 5@
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c; Filberts,
12@12^c; Pecans, ll@13c; r Cocoanuts, $3 50ig5..
HONEY— Comb,- 10@Uc for bright and 9@9^,c
for light amber; water, white extracted, 5@5'ic;
light amber extracted, ¦ 4@4V4c; dark, 3Vac. • r • --
BEESWAX-25@28c ver lb.
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s. 6%c; 50-60s. 4»4c;
60-70S 3%c; 70-80s, 3V4c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2>4c;
100-1208, 1%C. •¦•..-;. : . " ...
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' . Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie; stand
ard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thompson's, 9c
per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, 1014c per lb; .choice,
9V4c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; unbleached Sul
tanas, Ec;.' Seedless, 50-lb boxes, 6'^c; 4-crown,
7c;3-crown, 6M:c; 2-crown, 6c. Pacific brand—
2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, : 5%c, and:4-crown, 5V4c;
seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; London Layers, 2
crown," $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 GO;. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; . Imperials, $3. All
prices f . o. b. at common shipping points in
California. ' , . - :- :•-: .
FRUITS— Apricots, ' 5®7'/4c ' for old : crop
and 7%@8V4c.,for new; i Evaporated Ap
ples,' 4ig6c; sun-dried, l>/4@2c; Peaches, 3V4
<ip4c for. standard, . 4%@5%c for choice and 6@
6V4c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3©
4c; unpltted, %@lVic; Nectarines, 4@4V4c for red
and 4@5c for white. '.' ¦•*. ". . -~ .
Buyers are bidding 7%c for new Apricots.
Growers ask 8%c., .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
, ;. Cherries . continue } to lead \ all tree • fruits : in
point of firmness, and receipts are very slender.
The .crop' has turned out " very light this year.
1 Plums are In liberal ¦ supply and dragging.
There are a good many very small, cracked and
'otherwise undesirable Apricots • on the market.
Peaches, Apples and Pears continue abundant.
Indio Watermelons brought 60@75c apiece. -
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Choice Navels, $1 50@l 75; standard do,
75c@$l; Seedlings. $1@1 80; . Valencias, $1 SO.
Berries continue to bring good prices.
• . DECIDUOUS FRUITS. ¦„
APPLES— New, 35©50c per small and $1@1 23
per large box, and 40c per basket.
APRICOTS— 30@€0c per box, 60@90c per crate
and 40@50c per basket. • ' ¦ ¦ .
CHERRIES— 75@^0c for dark and 75c@$l 25 for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 6@9c.per lb for black,
3@5c for red and 5@9c for Royal Anne. Receipts
were 1877 boxes. • . . '
PLUMS— 2D@50c per box and 50@75c per crate
for Clyman and 60c@$l for Tragedy. .
CHERRY PLUMS— 30®50c per box.
' PEACHES — 40@S5c per l>ox . and 65@75c per
basket. .
PEARS— Madelines, 25@40c per box and bas
ket. ¦ • ¦¦ ¦•- . ¦¦ -¦- *; . ¦¦ . -.-. ¦¦ ¦
STRAWBERRIES— $S@11 per chest for Long
worths and ¦ $4@7 ' for large berries. Receipts
were 238 chests and 82 crates. . The latter sold
at $1@1 50 per crate. • •
. LOGAN BERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $6@10 per chest; from
Newcastle, 75c@$l per crate; from Fresno. 75c@
$1 per crate.
RASPBERRIES— $6@10 per chest; from New
castle. 8oc@$l per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c per draw* and 2%
@3%c in bulk: Oregon improved, 3@4ff. >
CURRANTS— $3@5 per chest. a
FIGS— From Yuma. $1 75@2.per crate.'
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. »1@2 75;
Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; ; Mediterranean :' Sweets.
75c@'|l 75; Tangerines. 50c@$l 23; Lemons, 75c@
$1 25 >for common and $1 60@2 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
. $4@5; Bananas,' $1 50ST2 50 per bunch for New
Orleans and.$l@2 for . Honolulu; Pineapples, '$2
@4 per dozen. ', • .
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruits.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, ¦ $3 B0@4 for old
and -$4@5 for-young; -Hens,- $3 50@4 50; young
Roosters, $7@8; old' Roosters, ¦ $3 50@4; Fryers.
$1 50@5 50; Broilers. $3 50@4 for large and $2 25©
2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 50*5-1 73 for Squabs. -'
GAME— Hare/ $1@1 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and 1 Eggs.
¦ Stocks of - Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue
liberal and the feeling is weak all around, ex
cept for the very best ranch Eggs, which are
firm. 1 Prices show no further change. -
Receipts were ! 61,700 pounds and 164 tubs of
Butter, 1155 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs. 32,000 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 17}4@18c - per lb for
fancy and l&&®Vic for seconds; dairy, 14@16%c
perlb. **- - • '. ¦ • - •¦ . -
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old. nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10c per lb. ¦¦ '• - - '
EGGS— Ranch,- 14V4@16%c for good to fancy;
store, 12%@13%c per dozen. -¦-¦-".' ¦ ' ' '
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— .
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
Dairy — Extras, 16c; firsts,- 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, *13c. ' ¦ • • -.. • • ' ¦ -
CHEESE— Fancy,' full cream, 8c; choice,
7%c; common, nominal ;. Young Americas, 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16V6c per lb. .
EGGS— . , .:¦;'¦>•>
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors. 13%c ' per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12%c; stand
ard,. 12c; seconds, lie. . -
Continues weak, owing to the liberal receipts
from the" East. Large young Roosters and
fryers alone, are. firm. -
Another car of Eastern came in, making six
thus far this week.- f; -> - ' . • «.. •
Poultry and Game.
; New* Potatoes and Onions -continue" steady
and prices, show* little ' change.'" Old Oregon
Potatoes are dull and weak, though no lower.
There is nothing new in Vegetables. They
are In good supply. ; = ••¦"". -.'¦¦'
POTATOES— Burbanks, $1 3501 65 for Ore
gon; Sweets, nominal ; New Potatoes, ; $1 50@
1 75 in sacks and . $1 50@2 25 in boxes.
ONIONS— Australians,, -jobbing, at $4@4 25:
New : Red/ 30@60c per sack; New Yellow, $1@
1 25 per Ctl. . ¦ .:¦ •¦..'•.-
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 25@S5c per box;
Asparagus $1 75@2 for • large, $1 25@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green
Peas, 75c@$l 50 per sack; String Beans. 3@5c;
Cabbage, 60@75c i per ctl : Tomatoes, ! from Los
Angeles, 50c@$l; from Winters. $1; Dried Pep
pers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots,
25<g35c per sack; Marysville Cucumbers, 75c@
$1 25 per box ; Winters, $1 50 ; Bay, $1 50 ; Gar
lic, 3@5c for new; Green. Peppers, 12%c per
lb; Egg Plant, 6@12^4c per lb ; Green Corn,
10@25c per dozen; Summer Squash, 50@65c i per
box; Bay do, $1 25@1 50. . -
Potatoes, Onions'and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary/ 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c; Hemp, 3%c; Timothy, 6%c. ;
: DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60 per ctl.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 80
@5; Large White. $4@4 20; Pink, $1 40@l 70;
Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Li mas, $6 25
@6 33: Pea, nominal ; Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
There is only one lot of Nlles Peas on the
market, and the other kinds are cleaned up.
There Is no change in Beans.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— New, $6@9 50; old is . quoted as fol
lows: Volunteer. $3@S; Wheat; $U@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12: Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8@9 50: Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25@47*£c per bale. . .":
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, ! $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake,- $17@18; « Corn Meal,
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed.
$15(5116. ¦¦.•¦¦¦- -. . :¦-• ¦
MIDDLINGS-$17@19 50 per ton.
'J Choice Hay.l both v old and ' new, continues
very, firm, owing to light stocks : and receipts.'
Supplies of grain Hay in local storehouses are
practically exhausted, ¦] though there is plenty,
of volunteer, which nobody „ wants, left in the
country. , A car of extra '-. fine wheat > Hay
might '.bring:: $10. '¦.¦--' C ..'
¦ Feedstuff s are; as before.
' BRAN— $17@18 per i ton. ; •.-' . ' , ¦
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Flour, $3 25;' Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85;
in sacks, $6@7. 50 : Pearl I Barley,' ?5 ; = Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 perjlOO lbs. C
OILS— California Castor Oil; In cases. No. 1,
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw. 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra,
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm pure 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white 37%@42i/4c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels, 33c; cases 40c.
COAL OIL— Waiter White. Coal OH. In bulk,
12%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 18%c; Astral, 18%c;
Star, 18%c; Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine. 23%c;
Eocene. 20%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine. In bulk 14c:
in cases, 20c; 8G-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c;
in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE-55C per gallon In cases and
49c in drums | or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, G.25c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.73c Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C. 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more; half- barrels, 25c more; box
es; -50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more.- No orders
taken for less than 73 barrels or Its equlva
| lent. Dominos, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes. 6.73c
per lb." ¦ •
. Receipts of. Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 5. ' '
Flour, qr sks 26.91J Wool, bales'.. .. 100
Wheat, ctls .100.525 Shorts, sks 63
Barley, ctls 8,065 Chicory, sks ..... 64
Rye, ctls .. 1.430 Wine, gals .... 85,180
Potatoes, sks .... 2,195 Tallow, ctls '. 215
Onions, sks ...... 725 Hides, No 339
Bran, sks 125 Pelts, bdls ' 69
Middlings, sks ... 595 Sugar, ctls 1,500
Hay, tons ....... 1S3 Leather, rolls ... 6
Straw, - tons ..... 5
. ¦- : - OREGON. . . :
Flour, qr sks.... 1,020 i i (fTtJ fiT •
'•¦'"¦ " UTAH;- -^ *.i;\?.\w.::
Flour, qr sks.... . 2,202 • • ¦** : ni71'"n~i"
f COAL— Wellington, " $9 per, ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7: Bryant, $6 50;. Coos
Bay, $5 50; : WaIIsend, $9; Co-operative'Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel,' $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks ; ¦ Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 60 per ton, accord
ins to brand. -• .
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta* are firmly held at
the flat quotation below. San Quentln Bags,
$5 65: Calcutta Grain Bags. 7%c: local make.
%c less than Calcuttas;* Wool Bags, S0@34c;
Fleece Twine, . 7%@8c. '
General Merchandise.
LAMB— Spring. , 8@9c per pound. - -
PORK— Live Hogs, ISO lbs and under, 6%@
6%c; ISO to 225 lbs, Gft?6%c; 225 and over. 6%@6c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c.
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6@6%c per Tb
for cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%®Se: small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— "Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 6%@7c per
povnd. ' -
Previous prices rule.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or' 1301— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15c per lb; Northern, free, •. 12®
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free/104p
,11c: -do defective. 8@10c; Southern; 12 months,
8@9c;« Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c; do. de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c; 'Oregon Valley, fine,
14@15c; do, medium and coarse, 13@14c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, ]0@12c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Cow Hides, ' 8*4@9c for - heavy * and > 8@8%c ' for
light; Stazs, 6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted
Veel. 9%®10c; Salted Calf, IOC; Dry Hides,
15%@16c ; Culls. - 13%@14c ; Dry Kip, ¦ 16c : Dry
Calf, 17c; Culls and Btends, 13®14c: Sheep
skins, shearlings, , 15@30c*«ach; short ¦Wool," 30
@50c each; ; medium, 60@75c; long Wool, 80c@
$1 each; Horse Hides, salt, $3 S0@2 75 for large
and $2 25 for medium. II 50@l 75 for small and
60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.' $1 75 for large.
$1 50 for • medium, . $1 25 for small and 50e for
Colts. -¦ Deerskins — Summer . or red skins. '35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, -S5c. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@5c per lb; No.'
2, 3%<3>4c;. grease, 2@2%c. • - .
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL; THUBSMY,: «mNE 6,rl901.
shoulders (boxed); 6%@7%c; short clear sides
(boxed), 1 : $8 05@8 15;. whisky, basis '.- of ' high
wines, $127. • * • ' ¦ ' ¦ \' .*>,;•'¦': V«o
Articles— ". ,-. :'; Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, •¦. barrels ..'...."./...'... 33,000; -. " 15.0C0
Wheat, bushels .190,000: " "185,000
Corn, bushels: •....-... 651,000 ¦>;¦ 345,000
Oats, bushels '77,000 ¦ ., 286.000
Rye, bushels *.. .....7,000 ; ¦¦+. 2,000
Barley, bushels ..14,000 - .6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was' firm ; creamery, 14@18%c; dairy,
l4@lGa ; Cheese, steady. S%@10%c. "Eggs. U%c.
"WASHINGTON, June 5.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold -reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, $162,956,768; gold, $95,658,192. •
J00
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
- fi 5 w «* »
STATIONS. Bis 23 -3= 2* ?•=¦
Aftoria 29.92 58 44 S Rain .02
Haker S0.#2 58 28 SE Cloudy .00
Carton 29.9! 79 44 W Clear .00
Kresno 23. S2 90 56 XW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.94 72 40 S\V Pt Cldy .01
Pocatello. Idaho.30.02 C2 24 W Pt Cldy .00
Independence ...29.70 84 38 SE Clear .CO
[»s Ar.gfles 29. SO 74 58 W Clear .00
1'hcer.ix 29. T» 94 62 XW Clear .00
Portlan<l 29.92 56 44 S Cloudy .OS
Red Bluff 23.86 83 58 SE Pt Cldy .00
BoscShck 30.00 62 44 S\V Cloudy T.
Sacramento • 29. 8S 84 54 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.04 62 40 XW Pt Cldy .00
>an Francisco... 25.98 66 4S AV Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo.29.S2 76 44 S Clear .00
San Diego 29.92 66 €0 W Clear T.
scattie '.....29.90 58 42 E Cloudy .02
Spokane 31.00 €2 38 SE Cloudy .00
NVah Bay 29. S6 50 40 E Cloudy .08
Walla Walla 29.98- 66 42 S Cloudy- T.
VYinr.etnucca 29.90 68 36 S . Cloudy .00
Vuma 29.74 94 64 S Clear .CO
- fi 5 w «* »
STATIONS. Bis 23 -3= 2* ?•=¦
Aftoria 29.92 58 44 S Rain .02
Haker S0.#2 58 28 SE Cloudy .00
Carton 29.9! 79 44 W Clear .00
Kresno 23. S2 90 56 XW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.94 72 40 S\V Pt Cldy .01
Pocatello. Idaho.30.02 C2 24 W Pt Cldy .00
Independence ...29.70 84 38 SE Clear .CO
[»s Ar.gfles 29. SO 74 58 W Clear .00
1'hcer.ix 29. T» 94 62 XW Clear .00
Portlan<l 29.92 56 44 S Cloudy .OS
Red Bluff 23.86 83 58 SE Pt Cldy .00
BoscShck 30.00 62 44 S\V Cloudy T.
Sacramento • 29. 8S 84 54 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.04 62 40 XW Pt Cldy .00
>an Francisco... 25.98 66 4S AV Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo.29.S2 76 44 S Clear .00
San Diego 29.92 66 €0 W Clear T.
scattie '.....29.90 58 42 E Cloudy .02
Spokane 31.00 €2 38 SE Cloudy .00
NVah Bay 29. S6 50 40 E Cloudy .08
Walla Walla 29.98- 66 42 S Cloudy- T.
VYinr.etnucca 29.90 68 36 S . Cloudy .00
Vuma 29.74 94 64 S Clear .CO
AUCTION SALES
¦GRAND AUCTION SALE
STANDARD 'AND REGISTERED
TROTTING HORSES
(Fifty In Number.)
SINGLE ' » ROADSTERS. , CARRIAGE
HORSES. BROOD MARES, WELL-MATCHED
TEAMS and HORSES SUITABLE FOR BUSI-
NESS PURPOSES, by such sires as Direct
Electioneer, Director," Dexter Prince, Directivo*
Hambletonian Wilkes, Piedmont. General Ben-
ton. Sidney Dillon, Cresco, Almonition. Le
Grande, Bay Rose,- Tom Benton. etc.. out o£
some *of the most noted marea in California
"We Will Also Sell , Some Toung
HEAVY DRAFT HORSES.
This - stock was bred by I Messrs. Henry and
, Ira Pierce, en their Santa Rosa and Terba
Buena Stock Farms, are choice Individuals and
must be sold -without reserve or limit.
', Also .the fast horses, HIJO DEL DIABLO
2:11, MOJAVE 2:15 and WAVELET 2:28.
FRIDAY, June 7, 1901,
"At 11 a. m., at .
OCCIDENTAL HORSE lEXCHAXQE.
. 721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
WM. G. LATNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard. Catalogues Ready.
AUCTION SALE.
TO-DAT, June 6, at 11 a. m.. 30 head of
. Young Broke Horses, all weights and pur-
poses, will be sold without limit or reserve
A. M. SCOTT & CO.. Auctioneers,"
1 . 35 Dore St.. oft Howard, bet.. 9th and 10th.-bitiri
Bovee. Toy & Sonntag have sold to M.
H. de Toung a lot on the east line of
Spear street, 137 feet north of Mission.
45:10x137:6 In size, for $30,000.* The property
adjoins another lot, 137x137:6. owned by
Mr. de Young on the corner of Mission and
ftppar EtreetB.
Downtown Realty Sold.
vieh of Oakland, aged 21, to marry Agnes
O. Brown of Alaxneda, aged 27; Thomas
H. Beynon of Oakland, aged 25. to marry
Margaret Chapman of Oakland, aged 18:
Harvej* R. Hope of San Francisco, aged
28. to marry Louisa O. RIer of Oakland,
aped IS; Joseph M. L« Conte of Berkeley,
aged 31, tj> marry Helen M. Gomuertz of
Berkeley, aged 36; Eugene P. Herrler of
Klmhurst. aged 23, to marry Emma C.
Merril! of Elmhurst, aged 19; Charles H.
Bain of Fruttvale, aged 25, to marry Orrie
Jackson of Oakland, agree* 23.
a:red 29. to marry Jennie L. Palmer of
>lameda, aged 27; Abraham Greenfield of
Pinole, aged 33. to marry Belle HerrBch
of San Leandro. aged 24; Mitchell Marco-
tn-day to tb<» following named persons:
"William H. McCarthy of San Francisco.
Licensed to Wed.
OAKLAND. June 5.— Marriage licenses
were issued at the County Clerk's office
It is the earnest 1 wish of the President
that all republics shall be represented at
the congress. It has been pointed out to
Peru that it was distinctly to her inter
est to take part, and that to stay;away
would be to deprive her. of the sympathy
which many of. her sister, States have ex
tended to her. .While the United States
would; like to see an early settlement of
the . Tacna-Arlca controversy,- it cannot
take sides and it- cannot afford to permit
the question to.be dragged into the con
gress and; perhaps wreck the, meeting.
The original notification to the republics
of the* proposal ' to : hold - the- congress,
made by . W. \V. ' Rockhill as -: director of
the Bureau of • American ; Republics, > an
nounced the submission of s a* tentative
programme and by resolution of the Pan-
American diplomatic corps in 'Washing
ton.- headded that the bureau would be
glad to receive suggestions contemplating
modifications.. '•: In^ accordance with this
request, Chile : suggested i that arbitration
/be limited to future questions. .The-exec
'utivo ¦ cbmmittee ; adopted ; the:: suggestion,
the United States not voting on the ques
tion--of f its : adoption, .- and . later when : the
subject ¦; was ¦ reopened hy . the :; Bolivian
Minister end Jt:tie*vote ! occurred . on : the
resolution that • the- congress ; should de
cide whether" the -scope ; of . arbitration
should I be 9 broadened, k Acting n Secretary
Hill, "as -the American ..representative,
withheld ' his vote. .'. : ' - - ; ' '*¦
f Peru recently announced that she. would
not; participate .-unless , the arbitration
feature of the programme was extended
to permit '¦ the application of the • principle
to the '. prc sent as iwell as to 1 future ques
tions., ; Further;;, representations' were
made by this government 1 : explaining the
desirability r" of -Peru ?, part, -and
since ;• their.--.. submission -.no - answer- has
been received. -It ; is emphatically i stated,
however," that .the* congress ! will , be held,'
even : if Peru i and • Bolivia decline ' to ,be
represented' ' v « *;¦'¦ "i'^'t . .'"'.*«. n '¦-¦'¦"' -' ¦
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., "WASHINGTON, June 5.r»ChUe is dis
tinctly the victor In the discussion which
has arisen over the question of, scope of
application'*of the principle of arbitration
to be : considered by . the /coming; Fan-
American congress.* .. The administration
has virtually decided not to agree to any
suggestion put forward' by Peru or her
allies removing the limitation placed. by
.the executive ¦ committee ' of ¦ the Bureau
of American Republics on the , subject of
arbitration. That principle, under the de
cision of the committee, can only apply
to future Questions. ; Furthermore. J even
if Peru arid Bolivia do decline.to. partici
pate.' the . congress will be held without
them." ¦!..•'""¦¦"•¦ ;; ¦ • • ¦¦'. - -' -¦ ¦¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.'.
! The executive committee of the San
Francisco Labor Council was in session
until a late hour last night, . considering
what action to take * in • reference to the
Johnson suit. A bitter and protracted
legal fight is expected. -; .
The Journeymen Butchers' Association
met at Pythian Castle. The demands of
the. members have been met ' except , in a
few minor shops'and the greater portion
of the evening was spent by the butchers
In arranging the details of their jollifica
tion to be held next Sunday at Schuetzen
Park, • '
¦Reports continuously coming to our'head
quarters from Eastern cities to the effect that
settlements are being made whereby the firms
have concluded to do business as above stated
show that the shorter day has come to stay
and it cannot be stopped, the introduction of
labor-saving machines necessitating it. A
majority of the proprietors of the shopa desire
it, but want It not known to the general pub
lic that the nine-hour day. has been recognized
in Great. Britain for the past generation. In
Australia and New Zealand the eight-hour day
is in vogue throughout all . branches of in
dustry. • • • ¦ • ¦ - " '
The representatives of the Iron Trades Coun
cil are ready and willing to meet the repre
sentatives of, the Metal Manufacturers' Asso
ciation in conference to make some arrange
ment whereby the. differences now existing be
tween the men an* the ' firms would be ad
justed to the satisfaction o.f all concerned.
• WILLIAM McCABE.
President Iron Trades Council.
The council Is fully advised of the fact that
men not mechanics < are being brought to this
city to work in the various shops, and also
knows that these men are not mechanics, but
laborers and farm hands from the small towns
throughout the State. Mechanics are very
hard to get at present; no one knows that bet
ter than the employers themselves. We are not
worrying about that so long as our own men
remain true to their organization. Many of
these new Importations, some of whom are
past the prime of life, have taken jobs in the
various Ehops, with the understanding that
they be given an opportunity to learn a trade.
Some of the employers are under the impres
sion that we demand the signing of an agree
ment. This is false, as we have repeatedly
stated. All we ask for is a nine-hour day with
the eame remuneration as we received for the
ten hours, and overtime substantially the same
as before.
The work of repairing the steamers So
noma, Australia, Iaqua, Arctic and Mary
D. Hume has been declared by the Iron
Trades Council "unfair" and the union
men employed thereon have been ordered
out. In order to correct a statement pub
lished in a morning paper yesterday the
following has been issued by order of the
Iron Trades Council:
IRON TRADES COUNCIL OF SAN FRAN
CISCO. June 5, 1901.
The Iron Trades Council, In view 'of the
fact that many mlsstatements regarding the
standing of the various unions affiliated with
this council have been made, desires to place
itself before the public in a true light. Mem
bership comprises all trades Interested in the
metal industry of this city, nearly numbering
2500 mechanics and about the same number of
helpers and apprentices. The council has in
augurated such a perfect system of registration
that each individual can within two hours' time
be brought to our headquarters. Notwithstand
ing statements made to the contrary, we can
unhesitatingly assert and are prepared to prove
that there have been no desertions from our
ranks. These trades realizing that • those . in
terests are mutual have banded themselves to
gether under one head, known as the Ban
Francisco Iron Trades Council.
Iron molders In the Risdon, City, Vul
can, Mechanics* and Enterprise foundries
to the number of 100 walked out yesterday
morning in accordance with a resolution
adopted some days before not to handle
any patterns or other work done by non
union men. According to William Mc-
Cabo. president of the Iron Trades Coun
cil, all union Iron molders will follow.thls
plan. Word has been received from, the
Eastern headquarters of the Iron Molders'
Union as to the course to pursue, but
President McCabe declines to make the
information public. ! .
Iron-Workers Issue Statement.
Chile Wins a \ Victory
on the Question of
Arbitration.
PAN-AMERICAN
CONGRESS HOLDS
Elegant Presents.
"A nice clock, a pair of candelabra, a
three-piece set, clock and pair of candel
abra to match, or a nice water color pic
ture in a gold frame.' "All are. useful, or
namental, durable and Inexpensive when
purchased from Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. '.. . •
¦i*mrcousr evening schooi.
GBADTTATIOir EXERCISES
At the graduation exercises of the Lin
coln Evening School which were held last
night in the auditorium of the Girls*. High
School, the pupils of one of the largest
classes ever graduated from an evening
school In this city received their diplo
mas. Superintendent of Schools "Webster
presided and complimented the Lincoln
Evening School on the quality of the
work which it has accomplished In the
past and predicted for it a bright future.
The following is a list of those who par
ticipated in the exercises:
Miss Annie A. Harn, Miss Vlviana Hlckey,
Miss Jeanle M. Quinn, Miss Bertha Prentlss,
Edward Reiliy, Miss '- Henrietta A. Jacobsen.
Master Melville Callsh, Misa Lizzie M. Jack
son, j Miss Jeannie Winson and Edward Smith.
Those who received diplomas were the
following named:
Bookkeeping— Carl Amlck. Daniel T. Balch,
Ralph L. Bertl. Gus Cain. T. A. Cashin.
Charles A. Cavanagh. Frank J. Colllgan. Es
sie Colton, James Duffy. J. J. Ervln, E. F.
Ford. . Ray Gounsky, Emma Grodt, Ingrlil
Hansen, H. Heinemann, Henry Hoffman. Nel
lie Hurley, Otto Jepsen, Oscar C. Johnson.
Joseph Leahy, Ernest Liebert. Frank J. Ma
gutre. J. H. O'Neil, Frank T. O'Brien. H.
O'Brien, Ernest Olson. Theodore Roe. Walter
J. Sanderson. Annie Schulman, Charles Seth
man, K. Shiskikura, John C. Siemsen, Carl
Siess, A., T. Silva. Minnie C. Smith, Frank
J. Splane, Ef fie Stall, Charles E. Stanbrtdge,
Frank J. Taforo. Leo Vlshoot. M. D. Vivian
and Percy Woodhouse.
. Stenography — Charles E. Anderson, Thomas
A. Brooks. May Callaghan, A. C. Callsh.i Mil
ton R. Clark. Louis T. DIebels, Logan W.
Eib, George W. Fraser. William Gleason.
Stewart Holohan, Delia Harris, Anne A. Ham,
Lillian : Herzog. Llllle Hlllman. Henrietta A.
Jacobsen. Lizzie M. Jackson. Delphlne Jen
kins, Annie F. Jones, Maurlne Keefe, ¦ C. W.
Kirby, J. "Walter Kelly. Freder E. Klenck,
D. E. Marchus, Thomas F. O'Connor. James
E.' Oliver. Martha Schnabel, August Schaffer.
John Simpson. Edward Smith. Bessie P.
Staehli, • William Stromber?r. Louise Walsh.
Frances Wentworth, May Williams, Emma. A.
Zihn. -
Spanish— Jennie T. Baker. Louis H. Barleau,
Alice Banner. W. Cohlman Crown. Rodolph A.
Ouichard. Vlviana Hlckey. Henry Harris, N.
*J. - McMahon, Bert Siewert, Bonnie Van Al
stine. John H. Waters and Jeannle Wlntton.
French— Helen Hays. Nellie Healy, Nettl©
McConrell. George Olson, John Pflster, Bertha.
Prentiss, Henrietta Thell, Mary Welgan.
.' Ninth grade— Lewis . Abrams, George A. Bel
lo. Letltla Clyne. Hat tie Conn. James Coug
lan, -Walter Couglan. John H. Callteux, Rob
ert E. Donovan. John E. A. Flck. Gertrude S.
V. Gesnen. Louis ;H. Goecken, Michael A.
Gleeson. Joseph Greene, Ida E. Gugllelmettl.
Henry J: Guichard, Richard F. Haley. Gott
hard Keating. Joseph P. Kwasiarroch. Ben
Levison. Corinne R. Marier. Thomas MalrheaA
Jr.." Charlotte Nelson. Dan O" Connell. Joseph
H. O'Connor, ' Lulu CDea, Henry J. Patry.
Edwin F. Pike. Harry Raphael. Mabel L. Rei
ter, Thomas G.Riley, Edward. M. Rock. Wil
liam F. Sollman, ' George J. Steiger. Chester
A. Sonneborn. Leonard Stenberg. Clyde Segur.
Thomas C. Wall. William M. Wise. Matthew
J. Woods.
Drawing — Henry Boss. Robert Camlglla.
James W. Condon, Frank P. Dugan, Robert
H. Harcourt. John Leishman. Herman Luhr
sen. William H. Lambert. Thomas F. Man
ning. Arthur' Milestone. George A. Mltchel.
Thomas F. . Rlelly, William E. Nickel. James
J. Robinson. Paul F. Schmidt, Charles . F.
Bishop. ' •
Denman medal-r-Charlotte I Nelson.
Bridge ' medala— Henry J. - Patry, John H.
Callteux. Leonard Stenberg, Joseph H. O'Con
nor, Matthew J. Wood.
AUTHOR OF NOME STORY AND
SOME OF THE PUBLISHERS
OF AEGIS. J ¦
foundation seven years ago Is reviewed
snd shows a clear record of conscientious
rffcrt and praiseworthy progress. Many
irrportant pub'le works have been accom
plished and many more public benefits are
planned. The organization has now a total
membership of 12S5. a gain of 10S members
rfurinp the last year. The firm names of
members, classified according to business,
is n rirominer.t feature of the edition.
The resolutions adopted by theboard of
fMr^ctors on the retirement of President
Dohrmann are. in part, as follows:
ppsolwd. That his career as & public spirited
rr.i patriotic citizen has not only inured to the
rn-iKrefp zrA welfare of San Francisco, but
¦tt-iU *ver be retarded as a conspicuous exam
rl«> for the emulation of the youth of our city
sM State;
Resolved, ny the members of the Merchantc*
.* ?5o<-!at!on thai, we hereby express our pro
f ovvA aptirecipUon of the exceptional ability
?rd unselfish devotion of F. W. Dohrmann in,
the- discharge of the responsible duties of presl
*#-3t of the Merchants' Association during the
fi:ot seven years of Its existence.
in regard to present problems and future
plans.
The work of the association since its
June, to be issued soon, contains an in
teresting resume of the ¦work accomplished
by the organization during the last year
and many tributes to the worth and abil
ity of its recently retired president, F. "VV.
Dohrmann.
The salutatory of the new president.
Frank J. Syrnmef, stating the position of
the association and Its aspirations, is a
leading feature. Ex-President Dohr
mann's valedictory expresses his gratitude
for the valuable album given to him on
his retirement by the board cf directors
and a few words of afivice and suggestion
WOEDS OF GRATITUDE
TO KETIHED PRESIDENT
The Merchants' Association Review for
and the dates of location.
Presently another man came in. "Well.
Bill, did you stake that claim in Snow
Gulch?" inquired the lawyer.
VYes, that, will make a good contest. The
writing - on the old stakes could scarcely be
read, 'bo I removed them."
'¦'Well, here Is another you must visit to-day.
It is number 10 on Dexter."
"I'm afraid we -can't handle that. E»u
frasne's is one of the best established claims
in the district," said the man.
"Oh, never mind that; the Judge is with us.
What are we here for if we can't make busi
ness for . the court . and ¦ incidentally for our
eelves?" - - - • ¦ • ¦ • . ¦ .
¦ 'Jit. will have to be taken before the Judge
to-aay, as they begin work there to-morrow,"
replied the others.
The next morning the Nome Gold, Digger
contained an announcement with this purport:
"General. New Contests Filed With the Court
— The Rich Number 10 I on . Dexter Jumped —
Dufrasne' s Alleged Failure to Comply With
the Law— McKenney Appointed Receiver by
the Court."
On number 10 a dozen miners have just made
the dally clean-up. On one of the sluice boxes
sits a gold pan half filled with dull yellow
grains and nuggets, some as large as an al
mond. *¦« .
A Denuty Sheriff with a squad of soldiers
approaches. ¦ He reads a document to the fore
man, which proves to be an order of court
commanding • that the ' proceeds of the claim
shall be delivered into the custody of the re
ceivers pending the determination of the title.
Then the deputy takes the pan of gold and
with his guard of soldiers departs.
' The last chapter describes the arrest of
McKinney. The conspirators are storm
bound, waiting in feverish anxiety for an
opportunity to escape with j their spoils
from Nome. This is the way it is. told:* :
' "We shall not get awa'y to-morrow," said
the lawyer. "Our launch was thrown ashorts
early this afternoon." - . •
• "Wtell." said McKinney," anxiously, . "the St.
Paul . had . to put . to sea as soon • as she ar
rived. If ¦ the Marshal Is on board he can't
••How much'dust has to be got aboard?',' in
quired the lawyer. ,
"About two hundred and fifty, thousand."
Jurt then the men were startled by, a knock.
McKinney turned pale and arose to open the
AT THE THEATERS.
At the Columbia Theater, beginning
¦with this evening and continuing for the
remainder of the week, Henry Miller and
his company. will, appear In a strong dou
ble bill, composed of "Gudgeons" and the
one-act - play, . "Frflilerlc Lemaitre."
"Gudgeons" -is a decidedly clever "work.
In which Miller is given many opportuni
ties to shine in the role of the smooth
swindler, James Ffolllott Treherne. Next
Monday night Miller -will stage for , the
first « time anywhere his new romantic
play," "Darcy of the Guards." The play
is from the pen of 'Louis Evan Shipman
and its four act^ tell a. very effective and
charming love story. Seats for E next
week will be ready this morning.
- •¦-. •¦ •. • •¦ • -•••;¦..•.- ¦• *.: ¦. ;; ¦. ¦ .
- "The Colonial * Girl" '- at the California
Theater, with James Neill | and company,
is proving a most acceptable entertain
ment. Julia Dean J scores a strong: per
sonal success In the play, which Is a tak
ing, somewhat scrappy, . picture of colon
ial life. John W. Burton also makes a
distinct hit as a peppery old English
colonel, and Neill himself is well seen as
the lover. Next week, the last of this
popular engagement* "A Parisian j Ro
mance" will be presented. - : .-.;.;
¦ ? .:-.•¦¦•¦ •;. , :...
Another worthy. 'bill of the week is
the "La Tosca" production at the Grand
Opera-house," with : Melbourne 'Macl>owell
as Scarpla and Florence .Stone as Floiica
Tosca. Both | actor, and actress have
achieved a marked measure of success in
their respective roles, and are ¦ well sup
ported-by, the members of the stock com
pany. ' The play Is richly mounted, scen
ery and' settings being beyond criticism.
Next week's bill will be • "The Empress
Theodosa." to be presented for the first
time in this city. > •-- .
¦ ¦• ..¦•• v ¦.? ¦ . ¦?•¦¦ *-,*'¦ . . ; - ',, •: i
Miss Florence Roberts . has chosen f or-,
tunately her i opening play at the Alcazar
Theater. : "For.- Bonnie Prince Charlie" is
a : stirring and- picturesque drama of Ja
cobite, times, and Is 'given an , adequate
OAKLAND, June 5.— A startling
feature of the Aegis, ' the annual
student publication of the Oak
land High School, just issued, is
a thinly veiled expose of the
Nome receivership scandals, under the
puise of a storiette entitled "Demons of
tho Gold Fiejds," in which the principal
characters, named "McKenney" and
"Boyes," are an obvious substitution ' for
Alexander McKenzie and his attorney.
Dubose. The story Is by Professor E. F.
Burrill, head of the Greeek department
of the Oakland High School, who sjpent
a year at Nome and was in the north
when the receivership troubles occurred.
Professor Burrill was asked for a contri
bution to the annual, and in response to
the request of Carl Hoffman, one of the
editors,- handed him a little later the man
uscript of the "Demons of the Gold
Fields," remarking, "That's pretty near
the inside situation." ¦ , ' ¦
The story opens with a scene in the
cabin of a Nome-bound ocean steamer
crowded with prospectors. At a table,
apart from the crowd, three men are sit
ting— "McKinney.". his attorney, "Boyes/
and "Dufrasne," a Nome miner, who is
displaying a big nugget from his rich
claim. So -far he had kept his own coun
sel about his property, but now he is get
ting talkative. He is finally asked the
number of his claim. The tale runs:
"Number 10 on Dexter," answered Dufrasne,
whose tongue had been limbered with liquor
at the other's expense. "That's . nothing,"
went on Dufrasne volubly. "I can sro out on
my claim every morning: before breakfast and
pick up a whole basketfull ,of nugs«ts like
"But what are you fellers going to do?" he
continued. "What are all these people on this
boat going to do? Think there's anything left
for Uiem?" ' • . <
"Oh. we shall do a thing or two ourselves,"
replied McKinney. laughing. "What was the
Nome Consolidated Mining Company organized
in New York for; and what is the Nome Court
for. eh, Boyes?"
"Hush. McKinney," whispered Boyes, warn
lng-ly,' for his tongue also was getting a' bit
limber. '. '¦¦"-, ¦ '•
Dufrasne burst into a guffaw. . "You duffers
make me laugh. Think we fellers who were
the first at the crib left anything for you?
Not if we know it."
"Perhaps you don't," retorted McKinney.
Not deisrningr " to notice this remark. Du
frasne, with a swaggering; air, pocketed the
nugget and staggered out of the room.
McKinney took out his pocketbook and mefle
a merrcrandum.' "That's a pretty good claim
to be receiver of? What do you think, Boyes?"
Scene Shifts to Home.,
The next step of the conspiracy is de
picted in a scene between Boyes and one
of his henchmen at- Nome. . The lawyer
Is seated in his office poring over a map
on the table. The story go«s on: . , . ••
Near his hand upon the table lay an open
memorandum book. In it were recorded all the
claims known to be valuable throughout the
entire district, with the names of the owners
¦ The : day. was spent most . enjoyably and
Mr. Cohen received the hearty wlshes-and
godspeed on his journey from his relatives
and many friends. -'.Those present- were:
Mr. I and Mrs. G.' Cohen. : Mr. - and • Mrs;: I-.
Cohen,'; Mr. and • Mrs. ¦ Wange,' Miss G.
Alexander; : Miss ' C: Cohen, C. - Alexander,
Casper Cohen, - George • Cohen, F. Cohen
and. Master ,Wange.V- '; :" '¦ • - L ¦¦¦•• ~ /. .
" : Mrs.^S.; Sisenvine and: the Misses Sisen
vine;-.-- have V gone;:; to -Melitta; ; Sonoma
County , . for ' a ; few .. weeks' vacation. : { :', ¦:,:.
¦-" The wedding: of Abe :• L.V Friedman ;. : and
Miss - Belle :¦ Monasch wil > take place * next
Sunday, June 9, at 5 p. m., in Native Sons'
Hall. -..:.>;^'^--- . :,A- •:-¦:¦¦:••"¦;,,;;:/,.¦¦.-^,:v ;•;
. Mr. » and ' ; Mrs."; D. ' Hart :. \ announce , the
confirmation of their, son! Hugo, vat v the
Geary-street ¦ Temple \ Saturday : morning,
June "8. v. » -^ : ;. « *,,; i^-^'^^a^iffi^t'tftWt^jtfifatm
i. Mrs. : Young and : her:, daughter; Celia,
formerly i of ,111 ; Sixth -. avenue;- have 'gone
to ' San ¦ Diego,: where ' they; will ' spend ! the
summer. 1 ;. ,, , .//¦ ';;.-••. ';',"}: .'^ -'.:¦. - '¦¦¦
.Casper Cohen of 1536 Willow street, Ala
meda,' was tendered • a farewell . dinner . on
Sunday. by his, parents," in honor of his ap
proaching for the; Eastern
States. .'.A ''¦:' .-—.S ¦'¦¦¦':" . ¦¦¦-.' : ' ., ,•
.A delightful party "'was given by- Mr.'
John, A. Jackson on j Saturday evening,
June 1, at 2314 Fillmore street.'- The even
ing .was devotod 1 to gramophone selec
tions, games, music and dancing. .'Among
those present .were Mr. and' Mrs.' C. John
son, : ' Mrs. ' Li. Cummings, Mrs..' Al I Beck
with,; Miss Katie Cummings, Miss Emily.
Nissel, ; Miss' Esther "Mortis, Miss ¦ Lena
McKenna," Miss Kate /Robertson, Mies.
Emily Johnson,' . Miss I Anna Mayer, [Miss
Agnes Slattery.'Miss Mary Gatto,, Messrs.
George W. Jackson, Eddie B. Stolle, Har
ry" Morris, Tony Gatto, Charles ; Johnson,
George A. Hanks. Arthur : A. Jackson,
George Largomasini,' '¦¦¦¦ John I A." r Jackson,
Albert- Johnson, William .Soulling, Ed
ward Norr, Bennie>Mountain and Fulton
B.;Hanks; ¦ : -:-^ ".-'•¦vi •-;>¦% ¦. • .;-.••..> ¦,.;.':¦„.'-"¦ .
EVENTS^SOCIETY
"The people here only know of one of
the gangs of conspirators 'because of the
court's action. ¦ There -» were others at
¦work. My story was written as a contri
bution to the Aegis because I believed It
woulJ-be of interest to the students who
knew I had. been : at Nome, and was fa
miliar with the conditions there." . ;
This year's Aegis is an advance over Its
predecessors. The book • is adorned with
art work by professional and student tal
ent and profusely illustrated with half
tone reproductions of protraits and snap
shots. Paper, v binding and . typography
are of. a high grade. The book is dedi
cated to the retiring principal of the
school, Professor J. B.- McChesney.
' The annual is issued by the Aegis Pub
lishing Company, composed of students
of the school, and managed by the follow
ing named officers: ;: .' , ; :
Editor, Ediar' Bonnemort: : associates— Fred
Ellis, Carl Hoffmann, . Miss Louise Hagar and
Miss Ethel Richardson; staff artists— Irving
Morrow, Miss Robin Rucker. Will Creed. Board
of directors— President: 'Sidney- Richardson;
vice nresident. Harry Howard: secretary, Al
lan Strowger: treasurer, . Albert Coogaji: busi
ness manager. Prentlss Gray; assistants,
Frank Shay, Oliver Orrick, John Isaacs.: ..'• "
Special departments are given over to
fiction, athletics, the student societies and
fraternities. Many pages are devoted to
witticisms at the expense of well-known
students, with here and there a mild
"josh" on a faculty member. :
A special feature is an illustrated ac
count of the two McKinley days. In both
of which the high school figured promi
nently. The President's address ' to - the
Students Is printed in full. A clever class
prophecy is from the pen , of Miss Helen
Crandall. . It purports to come by tele
phone, from the Delphic Oracle. -.
Harry M. . Howard recounts :the tri
umphs of the graduates in the class his
tory... ; ;" ¦".."¦.' ¦¦ ' •¦ •¦ : •':>•' ¦'• ' -, . : :> ; ?,- v .'. r .
• The annual will be distributed . to-mor
, row at the class day exercises. '
"These fellows had scouts out all the
time, reporting, every valuable claim. If
the claim was merely staked . out secret
connivance with the court | was all that
was nece.ssary to Jump it. '. > Where the
owners were in actual, possession the .re
ceivership game was resorted to. In
these cases some trumped up legal . tech
nicality was' invoked and complaint
lodged under it; then the court appointed
one of the sharpers as receiver of the
mine until the case could be adjudicated.
door. It was already open and he stood face
to face with the United States Marshal.
Professor Burrill Was There.
' Professor Burrill said of the story:
"While I changed the circumstances of,
the story to fit it for publication, it is sub
stantially correctl I was on the ( ground
at the time and i had S friends who . knew
the inside workings -of the crookedness
going on in high places. It was a matter
of common knowledge -there. >¦> The fact 'is
that : no rights were ; respected- in Nome
that year. *The characters in my. story
¦were. not the only organized sang of rob
bers. ,
is that it was written in the heat of passion
and without due consideration. I note that
you say that IJjave "transcended my author
ity" and that a - Governor Cannot compel a
member of the United States Senate to hold his
office and exercise the functions of that office
if he chooses to surrender it" and that you de
cline '¦ for the present to withdraw your resig
nation. : . i ; • " . '
; Had you read carefully my letter addressed to
you and to Senator McLaurin you must have
seen that I did not express any desire to com
pel any member of the United States Senate to
hold his commission and exercise the func
tions of that office If he choose to surrender it.
My sole purpose in . returning the resignation
was to ask you gentlemen to consider ¦ calmly
and thoughtfully the consequences to the peo
'pie of . what ¦ I judged to be a hasty act and
what you admit to have been a hasty, act. and
I must confess that' I am - somewhat surprised
fft the tone of • your answer to my request. I
considered the course which I took in ' this
matter to be for the best interest of the peo
ple of South Carolina and I am responsible to
them alone for. my action, and furthermore I
still believe that my course has met the ap
proval of a majority- of the citizens' of "the
State, .nor. do I consider them unthinking, citi
zens, but men who know and recognize as ful
ly as any people on earth the rights and duties
and responsibilities of citizenship, and who do'
not need the services of 'any one to tell them
their duty. '. . " '
Your insinuation that - 1 have been "impor
tuned", to "await the convenience',' of any pres
ent or would-be aspirants "who are not ready
Just yet for various reasons to enter the con
test brought on so unexpectedly," and that for
this reason my action has taken the direction
it has, is unworthy of a' man holding the hierh
commission which has been given you by the
people of South Carolina, -and deserves no
notice in this connection. However. I may say
for your benefit that I alone am responsible for
my reply, and will give account for the course
I ; have taken to the people who have honored
me, and not to any one individual. In this mat
ter I have done what I thought best -calculated
to promote the proiferity and contentment of
' the people of my. State, and shall continue to
do so, regardless of what any one man may
say or think of my course. ¦ • * •
I did not think that a political campaign this
summer could do any good, and acted according
to my belief. However, had the resignations
been unconditional and unrestricted, my action
might have been otherwise. With due respect
for your opinion, I think I have as high a. con
ception of the office of Senator and its powers
as you or any other citizen of this State, and
you must have known that the brief interview
to which you refer meant that I would simply
meet the responsibility and perform my duties
under the conditions. , If .you still wish to re
sign your commission and will send to this of
fice an unconditional resignation, ' I will exer
cise the authority and power vested in me by
the people. Respectfully, etc.. • j •
M. B. McS W EKSET, Governor. J
Senator Tillman. protesting against the
Governor's right to reject the v Senatorial
resignations, to-night withdrew his resig
nation. In his letter to . . Governor Mc-
Sweeney Senator Tillman said: '
: I have Senator McLaurin" s communication. In
which he graciously consents, at 'your request,
to hold on to his commission as United ' States
Senator, and continue to serve the State as he
has done in the past.' to the best of his ability.
This leaves me one of three alternatives — to ap
peal to the Democratic executive Committee
to take the matter up and determine what the
best interests of the party require to be done;
to appeal to the Senate itself to • determine
whether a resignation from I that body to take
effect at some future time is binding, or to
¦withdraw my own reslgrnatloit ,My chief • re
gret is that I am forced by your action to
engage in what the outside world will consider
a game of opera bouffe, by withdrawing from
the combined resignation . after • Senator I Mc-
Laurin's undignified and puerile action; but the
purpose for which it was. tendered has been
thwarted by Senator Mcl«aurln's precipitous
acceptance of executive advice.. Bob Acres has
been outdone for once. - I have already said . I
had no motive or purpose in resigning except
to force McLaurin' s resignation, and there is
nothing for me to do - but to accept the sit
uation and withdraw my own resignation, i if
it be lawful for me to do so. --•. „
COLUMBIANS. C, June 5.— Decidedly
the most surprising outcropping of the
Senatorial row was the unexpected letter
from | Governor McSweeney . to Senator
Tlllm an to-day.' • The Governor declares
to Tillman that if he wants to resigns his
withdrawal from the Senate will be im
mediately accepted. The letter reads:
Sir— Your letter of June 1 has been received..
I have - carefully noted its contents and the
most charitable view which I can take of it
Executive Tells ; the Law-
i r maker He Knows Some
Things Himself
Tillman.
South ; Carolina's Gov
ernor Replies to Mr.
SHARP WORDS
FOR A SENATOR
SAN JOSE. June 5.— With feastlns and
oratory ,the semi-centennial celebration
of the founding of Santa Clara College,
was fittingly closed to-day, by a gathering
of its alumni from throughout the State.
For several days these old scholars have
been Journeying to the school and when
they met to-day 250 were present.
There was a solemn requiem mass In
St. Claire's Church this morning and the
audience completely filled the edifice.
. At 2 o clock the alumni sat down to a
banquet and for nearly three hours they
feasted and listened to speeches. The
menu was elaborate. John M. Burnett of
San Francisco acted as toastmaster. The
list of toasts was: "The. Society of Jesus
In California," Rev.» Father Frieden, su
perior of the order- "The Alumni." Wil
liam Humphrey of San Francisco; "Santa
Clara Valley." J. H. Campbell of San
Jose; "The Press," Charles V. McClatchy
of Sacramento: "Calif orpia." D. M. Bur
nett of San Jose: "Old Times," D. D.
Murphy of San Jose.
The annual' meeting of the alumni was
then held. It was called to order by Pres
ident John Barrett. Secretary G. A. Sedg
ley read the minutes of the previous meet-
The" election -of 'officers resulted as fol
lows: John O'Gara, president; Otto D
Stcesser. vice president; George Sedgley,
secretary; Frank W. Sargent, treasurer:
executive committee — Rev. E. Kenna (ex
offlcfo), James A. Emery. "William John
son, Rev. T. J. O'Connell and. Lewis. F.
Byington. . • * ,
Rev. J. Cunningham, chairman of the
committee on resolutions, . read resolu
tions of respect, to the memory of- Dr.
James A. Stanton of San Francisco.- *
William Humphrey and James A. Em
ery were appointed a committee to adopt
some means of showing appreciation of
the splendid work of Clay M. Greene In
presenting "Nazareth."
Judge M. ¦ T. - DooIIng of San Benito.
Judge W. P. Lawlor, W. H. Quenton.
Phil Sheehy, John Corcoran. Andrew P."
Welch and Judge W. G. Lorigaj?. were
elected honorary members.
The following committee was appointed
to draft a memorial to . the late Stephen
M. White: Judge Dooling. D. M. Delmas,
James H. Campbell. B. D. Murphy.
« College Hall was crowded this even
ing. John O'Gara, * president of the
alumni, presided, and about him were
seated members of the alumni. Music
was rendered by the college band. Xn
original poem by John T. Malone. A. M..
of New York, was read by James Emery.
Hon. ' D. M. Delmas, A. M., delivered
an oration that was a masterpiece.
The Passion Play will be repeated again
for the third time to-morrow evening. A
special train will leave the Third and
Townsend streets depot In San Francisco
at 5:45 p. m., returning the same evening
at 11:15 o'clock.
' T" •.'¦"-' •' ¦ .-•---:¦-;;
Meet in Reunion and Recall
; Incidents of Their Stu
.' dent Days.
?¦¦ —
. V. Special Dispatch \a The C&1L
Observe tHe Golden <
Jubilee./
Santa Clara Graduates
MEMORY GIVES
ALUMNI CHEER
Last night there was a reception and
social to the grand officers and delegates
in the Alcazar building. There was a
musical and vaudeville programme and a
dance. The affair was under the direc
tion of Mrs. E. J. Sinclair, floor manager,
assisted by Mrs. B. Harris, Mrs. A. Levy,
Mrs. Schonone, Miss Rappin and Mr. Mar
tin, assisted by Mrs. M. Connell and M
Levy. > •
The election of grand officers was made
the special order for 2:30 o'clock tills
afternoon. . •
The presiding officer appointed J. J.
Cordy, M. Levy, M. Brady, Mrs. Emma
Agnes Harrington and Miss Agnes D.
Bremer a committee on revision of the
constitution and laws.
To authorize the Grand Circle to re
instate innocent members who belonged
to a circle suspended for cause; that non
past chief companions of subordinate cir
cles shall not be eligible to be members
of the Grand Circle before they have been
members of the order for six months;
that financial officers shall not be in
stalled until after the filing of bonds;
that the grand treasurer shall file a bond
within ten days after election; that any
past grand chief companion may install
grand officers; that a visiting board be
created and that the State be divided
into four districts for official visitations;
that district deputies visit circles once a
month.
During the afternoon there were a num
ber of amendments adopted, as follows:
The report of Grand Financial Secre
tary Miss Agnes D. Bremer shows that
the increase in membership for the year
was 746 up to January 1, at which time
the members numbered 2002. Since then
the order has increased to 2300.
The grand sub-chief companion in her
report, which is an interesting document
for members of the. order, suggests that
all circles adopt a uniform rate of fees,
so as to include free medicine, doctor
and a cash benefit to members: that steps
be taken to extend the order; that, in
view of the Increased duties, the salary
of the grand financial secretary be in
creased; that a small tax be set aside
for the entertainment of grand officers
and delegates to the Grand Circle; that
deputies should not be chosen for circles
of which they are not members when
such can be avoided, and that public
meetings be called to diffuse the prin
ciples of the order. In closing she thanks
those who assisted her during the year,
and specially mentions The Call for no
tices of the Companions of the Forest of
America.
I have only a few recommendations to offer.
I would recommend that the executive coun
cil always work in a spirit of harmony and
peace, for the future success of our beloved
order depends on the unity and harmony that
should prevail at headquarters. .
The deputies should not only be instructed
but let them know that it is an imperative duty
to eee that the officers-elect are duly qualified
in their ritualistic work, especially the chief
companion and sub- chief companion.
The Grand Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America met in fourteenth
annual convention in Elks' Hall yester
day morning. The meeting was called
to order by Grand Sub-Chief Companion
Miss Alice Ticoulet, in the absence of
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Katie Agee.
All the delegates and the other grand
officers were present except the outside
guard. Mrs. A. Levy, of Martha Wash
ington Circle, was appointed sub-chief
companion, and Mrs. A. Lippi, of Lorely
Circle, was appointed outside guard. .
- The reports of grand officers were re
ferred to the committee on distribution.
The report of the grand chief com
panion was read. It concludes: f
The state of the order is in every way pros- ;
perous and all that could be desired, and I am
pleased to note that tliere has been a vast in
crc-ase in members-hip during the last year, for '
which I feel very thankful.
1 do emphatically state, under this bead, that
if the brothers of the Courts of Foresters of
America gave the substantial backing and
hearty co-operation to this branch of Forestry
that it merits and deserves, it would be the
greatest benevolent secret society in the world
to-day, but I must say that I believe the broth
er Foresters are waking up to the fact slowly
a iid surely, for the. latter part of my term as
your chief executive I found them taking a
more active interest than at first.
Companions of Forest
Meet in Annual *
Convention.
Many Important Amendments
to Constitution Are
Adopted.
GRAND CIRCLE
IN ELKS' HALL
J^ re Norlne Schneider will be per
muted to testify against "Sir" Harry
Cooper it must be proven to
the satisfaction of the court that ehe Is
not legally his wfie. Such was the de
cision which was definitely handed down
>es.erday by Judge Carroll Cook when
Attorney Eugene Deuprey attempted to
nave admitted as evidence her testimony
concerning the alleged telegram* upon
Wh -, h sne y* el ded her hand and heart.
The impaneling: of the Jury was com
pleted in the early part of the afternoon
and the case was immediately com
menced. The jury is made up as follows:
J. P. Stieerln. 2316 Geary street; P. J. Galla
gher. 452 Octavla; D. E. Hayden, 606 OFarrell;
J. H. Holllng. 1814 Geary; Joseph Baumgarten,
4 Montgomery; F. H. Gibson. 604 Baker; J. P.
Kekland. 593 Oary; H. K. Waterhouse. 247 San
Carles avenue; ii. Ruegg, US Geary; G. M.
Cowie. Ml Sixth; A. Jackson. 615B Mason.
The first witness called for the prose
cution was T. H. Reynolds of the West
ern Lnion Telegraph Company, who icien
'ifced the telegram which Norine Schnei
fi*r had received as one which had been
sent to the main office from one of the
branch cfSces. The telegTam was admit
ted, for identification. Air. Reynolds also
identified the relay copy of the message,
¦which was also introduced for identifica
tion.
He was followed by Miss Julia A.
Smith, manager of the Western Union
Telegraph ofhee at 100 ilarket street, who
identified the telegram and testified that
she had received and transmitted it. She
was unable, however, to identify the per-
Fon who had written it. Attorney Deu
prey requested that she look around. the
courtroom to see if she could discover
any one who resembled the person who
had sent the message. She could not.
Miss Ada Bertch of the main office was
next summoned to the *tand. She also
identified the telegram and relay mes>
f age. upon which Deuprey moved to have
them admitted as evidence, but this was
refused on the ground that it had not
been shown that the defendant in any
manner had been connected with them.
They were returned to the clerk's keep-
In? for further identification.
Then came the forensic battle of the
day. Norine Schneider took the witness
stand. Fcr the first few moments all
went serenely. She admitted having met
the defendant at Vallejo Junction on Jan
uary 23 and having been married to him
by the Rev. Mr. Travis. At that time.
fhe claimed, she was not aware that he
had been previously married.
At this point Attorney Murphy, who is
conducting Cooper's case, objected to Miss
Schneider being asked any further ques
tions, on the ground that the admission
that Fhe had been married to the defend
ant excluded her from testifying against
him. Attorney Deuprey argued strenu
ously against the point, but Judge Cook
decided that excepting in cases of crimi
nal violence a wife and a husband are
incompetent to testify against each other.
He admonished Deuprey that it was in
cumbent upon him to introduce evidence
that Xorine is not "Sir Harry's" wife.
Xorine Schneider's mother was then
called and denied having sent any tele
pram to her daughter on January 23 or
having authorized any one to do so. She
testified that on the eventful day she had
met Harry Westwood Cooper on the
Oakland boat and that she had gone to
lunch with him at an O'Farrell street
restaurant. Previous to the marriage
this was the last time she had seen him.
An adjournment was then taken until 10
o'clock this morning. • '
Prosecution Claims That
He Sent Message
to Deceive.
" "?;
Objection Is Made to Testi
mony Given by Norine
Schneider.
CASE AGAINST
COOPER OPENS
Contributes to Aegis y the Annual Student Publication of the pakland: High
School, Just Issued,; a Thinly Disguised Expose of the" Proceedings
That Aroused Miners of Alaska to the Point of Desperation
PROFESSOR BURRILL WRITES STORY
DEALING WITH THE NOME SCANDALS
9
XJ±£i/ v B AJN/: ;.; FLi A' JN UJL^uO^U A LL-," \ JTH p K S D& Y^g J O E ;: ¦ 6j ;' -1 9O.i; ;
ana artistic Interpretation by Miss Rob
erts and her support. White Whittlesey,
as a blind old . adherent of .: the merry
prince, does an admirable piece of work.
suggesting •comparison with the greatest
actors of the time. Florence Roberts has
a strong part as Mary, the blind beggar's
granddaughter, and the play's success
has been such that the management has
decided to continue It through next week.
- "'V =':¦ ; . ¦¦"..• •-'¦'¦ -' K* I.'.- 1 ;' i'v^ii'M I :
"The Tov Maker" still has a' strong
hold upon Tivoll audiences, and the fifth
week will begin on Monday next to the
usual • large house. Annie *¦ Myers ¦ has
made the hit of. her life and of. the piece
as the mechanical doll, and Hartman, • as
the toy maker, as usual,- has fun to burn.
The, souvenir performances on Saturday
afternoon, when each child present re
ceives a' souvenir toy, have become" a reg
ular institution.-- .-•• m . ' • •
'The Central Theater is- to the fore this
week with a thrilling ; naval melodrama,
"Old Glory,", a story of love and war on
the coast of Chile. It is pleasing, Central
patrons; and 'will be. followed next week
by . "Jim, the "Westerner," a story of , the
West.,;". ¦•••:¦ '/.;' '<>:$ ¦¦ -¦ '¦ ¦':-•. ;-.":<'. ¦
' The.' Orpheum bill is" at Its usual high
level this .week, Van Studdlford.
Lew Sully and Henry Lee- will say good
by at the week's end and are-crowding
the 'house nightly, with' their admirers.
Other . good names ; are " Hines and ; Rem
ington, Florence Bindley, Martinettl •; and
Sutherland and Flatt and < Sutherland.
Charity! Martin, ¦ MatMlta and -Ballet,
Katherlne Krieg and Minnie Huff; Carrol,
Atlantis, Charles Held and . Sam Hold
worth are ; the,- attractions 'at .-" Fischer's
this week. M1S3 Martin's clever perform
ance: has 1 aroused very, favorable .: com-'
ment. ¦¦'¦¦'.-;•' •¦¦• : '- -y". . "''• ;;• ' ¦ ¦ .' ¦• '-;¦<'¦
« -• , .¦;...¦ ' ' •':•-.••.:-."••'"¦• .'-¦¦' -¦*' -'¦.•''¦."'
The -Chutes and Zoo, in addition, to the
regular iblll. to-night ; offer, a "spike-driv
ing j contest by lady * section hands'"; as; a
special attraction: : The - usual ;j "amateur",
programme : will also be .given../:
Ppars'
What is wanted of soap
. for the skin is to wash it
t clean ,and ', not hurt it. '
Pure soap does' that. ' This
is,why l we want pure soap;
ari.d when we' say pure,
I we mean without alkali." }
Pears' is -pure; no free
: alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is • enough. You . can
• trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it. R9
All sorts of stores sell it, espedafly
' ,druggist3; all sorts of people use it. -
GRAPE-NUTS.
GAS OUT.
Right Food (Grape Nuts) Does Not
Generate It.
School ma'ams have troubles of their
own. Their work Is of a nerve destroy-
ing character and frequently the question
of food Is a serious one with them.
The right selection of food will cure
dyspepsia and many other disorders of
the body.
Sadie Cromer. 191 Olney avenue,' Marlon,
Ohio, says that after she had suffered
from stomach trouble for years and with-
out being able to find food that would
agret with her, she finally was Induced, to
try Grape-Nuts. The trouble with gas and
nervousness, coming from indigestion, dis-
appeared, and her own testimony says: "I
gained in flesh bo much that now I am
heavier and better than I have ever been
during the eight years I have .taught
school here.
"My stomach does not cause me the
least trouble. I can eat anything I wish,
but still continue to eat Grape-Nuts Food,
for I like it and know of Its value."10
THJE SAN FRANCISCO jjaujj, lUUKSJJAr, jraJE ??0.I-
%AX KRAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco .
Call, corner or Market and Third streets: open I
trntll 12 o'clock every nfeht in the year. ;
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street, j
corner C!ay: oi>en until 9:20 p. 'm.
fCO Hayes street; cpen until S:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street: open until 9:20 p. m.
f:S Larkin street; open until 3:30 p. m.
iS« Mission etreet: cpen until 10 p. m.'
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
cntll 9 p. m. "'¦•'."
106 Eleventh Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1CS6 Valencia street: open until 9 v. m.
Kcrtcwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreeu: cpen until 9 p. . m.
rrro Fillmorp street: open until 9 p. m.
MEBTIAG .\OTICES. . ' •
A REGULAR raeetinz cf Yerba Bucna •
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A.. -g
Scottish lilte of Freemasonry, will be Al
held in Commandery Hall, Masonic
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. «»*
June 6, at 8 o'clock. Degree 4th.
HENRY BURNER. Sec.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— , m
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) ~g\-
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Business, P. p!LJ\
M and M. E. M. decrees. By order of ' w >
the H. P. JOH.N' R. HILLMAN. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A." •
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) -i'V-
EVENING. June 6, at 7:20 o'clock.
Stated meeting. By order of the Mas- ' xr -\
ter . FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. rt
M.— Stated meeting THIS (THURS-^fV,
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Mj^
Third degree. Master Masons cordially
invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 215. F. and A. M.— •
Scmi-anmuil stated meeting THIS fflk^
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30}K3?
o'clock Dy order of the Master. *
J. K. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
A1»OU BEN APHEM Lodge No. vayKaj^.
v I O. O. F.— Initiation and elec-
tier, of officers THIS (THURS- -¦¦%£ffiS^
DAY) EVENING. ' /(fl
C. J. SPEER. Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I.
n o. r.— All members are re- SJ£Sj>5£
quested to attend the next regular
meeting. THURSDAY. June 6. "'»^
Election cf officers for ensuing term.
JOHX A. OHLSON. N. G.
WM. P. HUMPHREYS, Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O.
F —Initiation and election of offi- *555SRfe:
«ers THIS (THURSDAY) NIGHT. -=^^^^
Brothers attend: visiting brothers "<».»
cordielly Invited. .
ADOLPHUS E. GRAUPNER. ?\. G.
FRANKLIN M. CAItSOX. Rec. Sec.
!• EMBERS Vet. VoL Firemen's y££5>£v
» F^,. xi-Ill assemble ct Headquarters /^Stt*
FRIDAY. June 7. S a. m.. to at- E?- U»
tend funeral of late P. S. FAY. By order
S. BUNXER, Pres.-
J. J. McMAHOX. Rec. Sec.
V. G. W. of A. Ix>cal 131— Special meeting will
be held en THURSDAY. June 6. 1901. at 8
o'clock p. m., 117 Turk st. Charter will be
closed. E. CORYIE. Secretary.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately, as I am going 1 out of business.
I'NCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ave.
AGENTS WANTED.
TRAVELER wishes agencies for pianos, musi-
cal instruments, other ready-selling goods.
Box 1114, Call of flee. .
EXPERIENCED industrial canvasser for a $70
debit, between S-9 a. m. T. J. KEEFE.
room 6, 405 Montgomery Et.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to pell than books or lnsur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
MAN to solicit in city or country: can make
from f2 to $5 per day. Apply at 3 Taylor st.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. TELTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
raireo: p'cstal. 11E6 Mission: tel. Fclsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
» no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. «. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kot Et. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
HOAR DIM! FOR CHILDREN.
A GOOD country home for children with best
of care. 323 Forty-sixth Et-. Oakland.
2 GR S children lo board, week or month: best
<-wr»-fi:nnv yaril:nr.Bchool:reascnabIe.l607 Cal.
ni'SIXESS OH.UCES.
GREAT bargain — Saloon. 9 furnished rooms
and bar; price $550; rent 525; doing a first-
class business; water front. R. G. WILKE,
3>U Kcarny st.
A— J2000; COUNTRY saloon, 30 miles from S.
F. ; rent 135: place doing business of $8903 per
year; license J100 per year; lease. I'artlcu-
lars R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $1250— FANCY grocery with . selected stock
of wines and liquors: no bar; bottle trade;
close to City Hall; living rooms: good busi-
ness. Call R, G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A-J600— DELICACY, with home 'cooking de-
partment, doing a business of $30 per day;
rent $22; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26>4 Kearny eU
A— t&W: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Geary Et.; rt-nt $40; first-class business, clear-
ing about $150 a month. Call R. G. WILKE,
2&u Kcarny st.
A— JC-OO; PARTNER wanted In restaurant and
coffee saloon clearing about $250 per month;
choicest location near the Presidio; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2G>,4 Kearny st.
A— fM»0; RESTAURANT; rent $20; location
close to Kearny et.: 4 living rooms; good
business. Particulars. R. , G. WILKE, 26'.4
Kcarny st.
A-J600; PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; a rare chance for right party, as
there Is money In sight. Call R. G. WILKE.
£SS Kearny st.
A— $400: BRANCH bakery with nicely fur-
n'-shed room; rent $12; dally receipts $10; lo-
cation Polk st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4
Kcarny et.
A HARE chance; price $1900; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per
month; rent $15; stock will invoice price;
location can't be beat. Call R. G. WILKE,
26'.4 Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON; no better located place In
• this city: rent $50: place clears easily $150
per month; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26i,4 Kearny st.
A— $2000: BOARDING and livery stable; West-
ern Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $150
per month; large patronage; stock of buK-
rle«. horees and harness first-class. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. ¦.-
A— *S50; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 liv-
Ing rooms; established years: rent $20; loca-
tion can't be beat and the business Is flrst-
class. Call R. G. WILKK. 26H Kearny st.
A— CANDY store In Wtxtern Addition $ 350
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 500
Saloon in business district 15C0
Kaloon near beach. $4<K>; saloon and lodg-
ing-bouse SCO
Photograph gallery: pays well; Market St. 2000
1 -Merchandise business in good town 1200
Corner grocery and bar. from $400 up to.. 40CO
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses.
• delicacy stores. In all farts of city, from $150
I _vp- EITEL & CO., 1C32 Market St.
A— SCOO; ROADHOUSE. with 7 acres, across
bay: rent $15 month; 5 rooms: fine place-
receipt* J10 dally. KREDO & CO., 32 Flood
building.
A— $200; BAKERY, with 2 ovens: 5 rooms-
also a bakery and notions, with 2 rooms for
$200: splendid location. KREDO & CO ' SOS
Market st. . ;'..-'r> '
ARE you ambitious to get Into a legitimate
profitable business of your own without capi-
tcJ: here is an opportunity; write us Inclos-
ing 25 cents for our plan.. Excelsior Com-
KpL'.'pany. 727 Mcrket st.
$100— COFFEE and chop house: bargain- sick-
ness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO
777% Market Et. i .
I HAVE bargains In Kroceries and birfc. res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, dears notions
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILUS. /»S nut.
TO have --a select list of stocks and bonds to
offer Investors, paying 5 to 15 per cent. West
Coast Investment Co.. Phelan building.
PARTNER wanted to join an experienced
drilW In contract to put down oil wells-
Krnall capital retired. Addiess box 4'ca"
Call office.
YOU can buy a restaurant or lunch-room doing
a one meal a day business of $40 a dav at
one-fcalf its \-aIue; low rent. Appiy on prem-
ises. 27 Market et.
A— $1SO; RESTAURANT clearing $75 month or
no sale; cheap rent; living rooms; good
place for man and wife. 496 Fourth st.
BAKERY business tor sale; eight barrels flour
weekly: dally receipts $15; rooetly store trade -
price. ?S50. Box 2369. Call.
BARGAIN— Saloon for sale cheap; must be
sold. Apply S12 Sacramento st., wholesale
SMALL milk business for sale cheap. • 913
Thirty-seventh St., ¦ Oakland. ..
WILL pay cash for email. : paying business or
rooming house. Box 3366. Call.
DYEING and cleaning business for sale cheap.
Apply 2518 Market St." "¦;.. :,.
I criAXCIW — Contlnnnl. .
! AAA— SCOO: downtown cigar stand; good value, i
$100— Grocery, branch bakery; good location. \
*ilC0— Union restaurant; no competition; I
nr. 2 factories: good proposition: investigate. I
J50C — falcon on Market "fct.
$600— Cigar store; best location; night trade. !
*i0C — Saloon; merchants' lunch: good. . •
- WOO^Clgars.* notions; E. Oak.; fine t'orcouple.
Sl'JOC— Road house; splendid location.
AAA— let- cigar stanils; 200 groceries and
bars; S00 candy and icecream parlors; D00 res- j
tadranrs; hundreds of businesses to choose i
. from. Call (n and see what we can offer you. i
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st. !
A— FOR private rale: some of best saloons In
city. WALTER HAYKS & CO., S?3 Market st.
DENTAL office, well advertised, dointr a busi-
ness cf $600 a -month; this is a rare chance
fcr tfce right party. Address box 41144, Call
office. ¦ !
OLD. established transfer saloon; living rooms; !
' Mission; rent $30; lease; owner other Impor-
tant business; sacrifice; $530. . Box. 3347, Call.J
CORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms; cheap rent.
Apply Call office.
SALOON for sale opposite the ferry; rare
chance. Ill Kast st., north of Market.
$125— SALOON, with 3 living rooms. Box 4203,
' Call office. - - '
$160— PARTNER wanted; caloon. 640 Commer-
cial st.. second door from Kearny; rent $20.\
WINHALL'S candy store, factory; bargain.
200S Mission St.. one door from Sixteenth.
BEST place In America Tor roadside resort;
cheap. Owner. 454 Thirty- fourth st., Oakland. .
HAN with $300 to join narty to work olacer j
claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call office.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions fcas been established . at 1UDS
Valencia rt. ¦ ,
LODfil.\G-HOUSES KOK SAL*3.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
ST>0 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rcominEr-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
SI rooms; corner; rent $140: Income $350..$S000
r6-rooms hotel; rent $150; pays well 3000
CO rooms: 2 ent. ; goo*i fur., cpts; pt cash. 3.'>00
¦ 27 rooms: cor.; gaod location: see it. 2200]
13 rooms; rent $75; fine fur.: pays well.. lf>00 :
15 rooms; Geary; apartment house; mtg.. 1100,
10 rooms; Bush; rent ?30; $650 cash S30
8-room flat; modern; nica^home 450
6 rooms; rent $16; gncd fur., carpets 250
3S rooms: cor.: sunny; pays -well 00o
12 rooms; California St.; rent $50: apart-
ments; oak and maliogany furn.; , flrst-class
roomers 800
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, bv Call bldg.
£200... 6 roomsi$1000...20 roomslJ35C0... 50 rooms
$350. '..10 rooms!S1200...1S rooms i$4C00... £0 rooms
J.iSO... 9 rooms]$1400...21 roomsl$4. r i00... 70-rooms
m $C00...12 roomsf$ir»00...26 roomslJ.'OOO... CO rooms
J70O...36 rooms I $16C0... 20 rooms 1S5500... 63 rooms
J750...14 rooms'$1<550...2C rooms!$6000... 75 rooms
*S00...12 rooms!SlS00...G0 roomsl$G."00... 42 rooms
IS50...11 rooms!$2500...30 roomsl$7000... 65 rooms
$900.. .17 roomsl;32o0...60 rooms 1S?000... 110 rooms
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
tbe city, and pay for It „
In monthly payments ¦
from the profits . .
of the house. "i
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market Ft.
21 rooms; part cash: central $1200
22 rooms; rent $40; clears $100 1200
42 rooms; cheap rent; clears $100 2000
33 rooms; rent $S0; reduced to 800
20 rooms, corner, only COO
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $SCO; 33 rooms, price $1400.
24 roo»ns, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325. .
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, $500.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
13 ROOMS on Pine st., price $4:i0.
9 rooms on Minna st.. price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor st., price $700.
19 rooms on Grant ave.. price $1500.
Eureka Real Estate, 2S Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSE ami hotels— Buyers will
find headquarters for bargains, good loca-
tions and guaranteed - titles, by calllne
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market Et., opposite Mason.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.— A cood list
of lodging-houses.
10 ROOMS; finely furnished house; $750. S03
Jones st-
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures eick: cancer removed without
uso of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gougrh; Ellls-
Ft. car; sit.. ?1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, medium— If you are In trouble
see me: business and love affairs; reading*
daily. 10 to 4; circles Tues., Thurs.. Sat. and
Sun.. S p. m. 303 Larkln. r. S7-SS. 4th floor.
MATERIALIZING seance to-ni^ht; readings
and spirit photos daily. ARNOLD DICKSON.
148 Sixth st.
MRS. H1;'bBAKD, 109 Oak St.— Circles Tue>=-
day and Friday. 8 p. m.; Wednesday, 2:30
p. m., 10c; reading daily, 50c.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Lnrkln
st.; tel. Howard 2711: hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m,
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternoon. 2:45: sittings daily. 10
to 4, except Sun. 1899 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LESTER, 148 Sixth, rm. 11; clr. every
eve., 10c; except devel. dr., Friday eve., 25c.
EARL-E. removed, 328 Ellis — grand test and
slate -p-riting to-night. . - .-
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. C05 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
MRS. KOTTER. cir. to-night; tests all: spirit
t pictures, J. Kotter. sittings daily. 34 Sixth.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 117 Taylor
6t., room 14. *
Mrs. Gllllngham. hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed.,
Frl- 10c. 305 Larkln. Wed..Sat..Oakld. 532 22d.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 136 West Mission Ft.,
nr. 13th — Cirrl» Run. «>vi».. 2S' % : r'ttlnp-a.iia'lv.
CLAIR VO VAKTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
lj- located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads yo\r life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult thisgrreat
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
. 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS. ¦ ". •
1000 pallers Since May 1st.
Naaman, Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, telis your name, what you called
for. cures your disease or anything you want
I to knew; no charges In advance; satisfaction
guaranteed; develops mediums In 2 months;
: teaches palmistry, clalrvoyanoy; hours 9 a. m.
to 9 p. m. ; readings by mall. 326 O'Farrell.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
* ket et., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23 and
£6; take elevator. Perfect ratlsf action guar-
anteed by mail; send Etamp for pamphlet
with eptclal terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife: 2Gc,up: eatlsfactlon to every-
body; cures diseases by sympathy. 215'.£ Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses dis?ase with life reading; ladles 50c,
R?nts $1; palm, and clair. sit., $150. 126 Turk.
1SMAH, the Kffyptian »rypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1HS Market, op.
Cth: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. SANDERS, 127 Mason st.. medium and
palmist: teaches' mind telegraphy and gives
advice on all business;, hours 12 to S.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants and palm-
ists; names and uutes: 1, 25c; g. 50c; mall SI.
1511% Market; . op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1033.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates; satisfaction - by
mall; Inc. stamp. 1382 Mrket, op. Odd Fellows.
MONK! Clairvcyant. test medium; plrcfrs
Sunday; Tuesday. Thursday 8 p. sn., 2*,c. . 139
Taylor tW •* ¦ -. » - - •
MRS. BROWN, clalrvovant, card, reader; la-
Oies 23c; gents We. 122 Sixth st. -•"»
FOR teace of niind s*>r» Mesmar. the great
_cla!r., life reader; truth only. 1152 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reau>r. 11.6th: German spoken -.' tel.IIoward.184C
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant., card reader:
fittings dally. «S>£ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader /and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: namw given:- 25c up. 5 Fourth ' st.'
CHIROPODISTS. • ,
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns : warts, chil-
lilalns: nnlnlfyw cur*. Dr. Duncan. 415 Slitter.
COLLECTION -. OFFICES.
l»e« Fuccegsfui. Room . 310. , 927 - Market . st.
' , COTTAGES' TO LET. ' £-' .'
LOVELY sunny cottage, water
free. C37 Dolores st., near .Twentieth.
HELP WANTEP-^MALE--Con^ k
AT~c7r: HANSEN~&~Ca 7 S?. .... -104 Geary st.
........FOR NEW, RAILROAD WORK
50 teamsters; ship to-night...:. •
?....... ..Free fare Truckee
50 laborers; ship to-night. ..........••'••
.........Free fare...... Truckee
100 tunnelmen, drillers and muckers.. $2, $2 50
For Chatsworth Park; ship to-night; free fare
50 laborers Ballasting track Coast road
50 laborers, Santa Barbara & L. A. divisions
-Ship to-night Free f are... C Ship to-night
60 teamsters; ship dally; free fare; Ukiah, $2
"50 laborers; ehip daily; free fare; Ukiah. $2
gardener, good greenhouse man. country, $33
and found; 6 blacksmiths, country. $2 50 to $3
- a day; 20 laborers .for. large company, coun-
try, $2 25 a Cay; 4 miners, asphalt mine. $2 a
day; 6 laborers for mine, $2 a day; 10 swamp-
ers an <1 barkers,- $35 and board; gang edger
man, sawmill, $50; farmers, milkers, chore-
men and others.-
...:.. ......HOTEL DEPARTMENT.... :.
head cook, summer resort, $70; cook, country
'hotel. $60; broiler and third cook, country ho-
tel. $50; third cook and fryer for Lake, Tahoe,
$50 and fare paid; second cook and baker,
summer report,. $50; baker and pastry cook.
- hotel, $60; short order cooks, second, fryers
! and broilers. $63. $60 and $50: head waiter,
; restaurant, $30; 10 waiters, hotels and restau-
rants. S»5 and $30: dlnhwashers and kitchen
hands, $30 ¦ and $25; 2 silver men, country
hotel, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Men to learn- barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates:, two months
completes; -more calls for our barbers than
we can supply-; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our special offer -to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay et. '
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 fe<»t 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply to the . Recruiting
Office. 40. Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per. night; $1 to J2 per, week.
GOOD men on Iron and brass scroll and grill
work. San Francisco Novelty Works, Bay
and Stockton sts. , . . .
WANTED — Grown boy or middle-aged man who
has some knowledge of the retail liquor busi-
ness. Apply C. SHEA, Third and Townsend.
BOYS wanted; good wages. Delivery Depart-
ment Western Union .Telegraph Co., 300
Montgomery st. ,
SEAMEN — Ordinary seamen, • carpenters, - cook3
and green hands. 609 Sansome, near Wash-
ington st.
CARRIAGE painters and first-class carriage
.blacksmith finisher. 500 Golden Gate ave.
' SECOND on bread; gocfi wages; short hours.
612 Kearny st.
YOUNG man with little experience, assist at
watchmkg. Call bet. 4 & 6. 602 Montgomery.
WANTED — First-class pants presser. 1000 Har-
rieon St., cor. Sixth. ¦ '
$100— 15c shop in the Mission; four living rooms
and yard; cheap rent. Apply Call office.
WANTED — Two experienced advertising so-
licitors: will pay good salary. Call room 3,
508 California st., city.
McDONALD & PERRY. have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
"WANTED — 500 men to buy new and. 2nd-nand
army shoes, $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R-. room 40, Phelan bldg.. S06 Market.
WE can give ! steady employment to 100 first-
class book canvassers. - WESTERN BOOK
COMPANY, Fresno. Cal.
i GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. .bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles ' Im-
mediately as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
W ANTED— Man to work on fruit ranch, and
his wife to cook: German preferred. Address
box 77. Gllroy, Cal. i
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. It; SHEPARD & CO.. attya..
i Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
WIN'CHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. S200 FUlmore Bt.
HORSES AND WAtiOXS. !
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; auction 'Rales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
THOROUGHBRED Shetland ponies for sale
cheap. JOHN F. ENGLISH & CO., Clay and
Davis,, or 925 Sutter st.
6. F. VETERINARY College will commence It*
td cession June 10. . Catalogue by applying ta
M. L." Pancoast. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
12-PASSENGER country, wagonette and rub-
ber tired phaeton. , O'BRIEN'S, 500 Golden
Gate ave. •
HORSE. $12 50; horEe. $35; buggy, $12 50: butcher
cart. $15; saddle, $7 50. 21 City Hall ave.
40 HEAD I work and - driving horses. 721 How-
ard at.
ALL kinds of. campinc wasrons, buggies, sur-
reys and carts. ,1634 Mission st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. KGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wegon. single, also light
rampine wagon, for *ale cheap. B32 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
. or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
w st., room 25. • ; -.-¦*<.•. . :
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE, 6 large rooms: yard; basement; mod-
ern Impts. Apply 1222 Steiner St.. cor. Eddy.
HOUSES TO^ LET FURNISHED.
FOR rent furnished for 2 months— Rent '$23; 6
rooms and bathroom; modern; piano; beautl-
f ul view. Box 4234, Call. - -
;¦ " . LOSTAUD POUND.- ~
LOST— A pass book with The Hlb^rnla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, Jn - tha
name of JOHN BIXEY. No. 77-764. The find-
er will please return to bank.
LOST— Fox terrier, eight days old; black and
: .tan head, black spots on body. Return 211S
• Stelner st.; $5 reward; no questions asked.
LOST— Black leather purse with $15 in gold, a
little silver and a key. on Market, near Sixth
last evening: liberal reward." -Address Box
3319, Call office. ¦• -.¦¦-¦•?'< • \
LOST— English foxhound bitch, black. . yellow
and white. Liberal reward for the return to
2525 Stelner st. : - > fj .
WILL the ; gentleman who -last -Monday found
watch on Sacramento st. near. Market . kindly
return to" 418 Jones st.' and receive reward.
LOST— Near 23d ' and . Guerrero, a' -very -small
.dog; legs white, body brown and white; suit-
able reward.: 3532 23U. .» ..'; ,
YESTERDAY, ¦> on Montgomery and Second—
. Collector's cash 'book. : Return 627 Second-
. liberal reward. . ". * ...
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbemla Savings
and Loan "Society of San Francisco ' in the
name of ZITA B. WHITTEMORE. No • 230-
932. The finder, will please return to bank.
LOST— Lemon and white pointer, collar marked
"Property Jno. B. Coleman." Return 730 Fill-
more st. and. receive reward.'
ALL are notified' to redeem their articles lm-
ESS&^-b-' ?2> Jr« am , . B S. ln(? out ot business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. -.V • ' ¦ *
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. ;
TO order: also cleaned and sterilized :- uphol-
- stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. r.HpPKE BROS.. 31S-320 Eleventh -
telephone South 792.. .. *
". ' . MEDICAL. ~
A-RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; aU classes ot t^
male complaints reUeved by . treatment sn-
-"Kii« r A? > Ot^ erS: . the 2° ly that
.helps the •unfortunate; tJfe. most obstinate
cases are^ immediately relieved ' without pain;
no other treatment will do, this; the most dif-
ficult casea treated: scientific methods guar-
: anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Mark-t.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
? e lf U ' ?? mp l*' 8Ure rem *dle3 ever known for
indigestion, -tapeworm."- neuralgia I leucorrhea
gonorrhea.' eczema. * scrofulas syphilis and all
troubles of male and female. sexual organs:
treat yourself: be your own doctor- 4 month3*
suppository - $4; ; send /stamp for
circulars. - 1126 , Market '¦ st..- ; S. ,F.. Cal. ,
A_TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give in-
¦tmnt relief - for i all female complaints: th#
k longest and most obstinate eases immediately
• "\ leved " wlth ° u t"« Pain : • travelers helped ; no
& la r-i e ?? lul , t , free - * MBS. ¦ DR. < KOIIL. 1123
> Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opt*. Hale"*.
CARPET HEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
! send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing .Works. ; 353-357 Tjehama. st.;- tel. ¦; South 40.
ADVANCE Carpct-ClcaniiiR' Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;,
Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
RUDOLPH Si CO.. carpet-beating works; priceii
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; lei. Howard 2351.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061. \
SANKTARY: cleaning and dyejnjfj company. 342-
j 344 McAllister st ; phone South 146. • :
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works; . G. H.
STEVENS, m/rr.. SS-40 Sth-st.: tel. South 250..
J. E. MITCHELL' Carpet-Beating and Reho-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. ' STRAT-
j TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944. . , ,
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.. ' .•-:>.-¦
DEXTXSTS. '¦' .,
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
¦ have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
?3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, $i 60 up; of-,
flee hours, !> a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M.'D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filings; extractions or fillings by my
i wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.'
C DR. GEORGE W. LEEK:- 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warrantpdfor 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings.
EOc; plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. .Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build lip a prac-
tice will fill make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices. • Office
1141 Polk st., corner Sutter: open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.^Work done
en weekly installments: - lowest- rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor/ Bush —
Full set of teeth. $1: crowns. S3: fillings, 25c.
: DR R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr. Larkln— Pain-
lees extraction E0c:plates $5 up:phone Polkll33.'
DR. H. C TRUMAN. dentlFt. third floor. Ki-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.'
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction. ¦
I 50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
V.AN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market sL. corner Sixth. . .
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
vnTTyo. Polk st.
| nitESSMAKKRS A3VIJ SEA3ISTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
1 ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
i Pttention. 121 Post, over O'Connor ft MofTatt.
¦ ' f ¦
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH- College. Parrott bldg.— "
Shorthand, typing end bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full'course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.;
S. V. — Bookkeeping, rhorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions ; new S0-pasre catalogue free.
AYRES 1 Business College, 72S Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing.' teleg-
raphy, cte. ; life scholarship, $50; individual
Instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
tchool for the university, law snd medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any.
Stanford professor. Phelan building. '
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. minlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Alan
oer Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A -FULL coarse of Ellis bookkeeping and -the
Gregg shorthand costs . only $TO. ' San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR. pxp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bids.. Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
PP.OF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin.'
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St., nr. 6th.
Munson, School Shorthand.Typtng.Bookkeepir.g,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery/ E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
F.LECTRO-THEHAPUTIC. -
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drp. K. S- TC.'s Klprtrlf gpnitn-Hnm. S Ms'on.
EJirLOVMEXT , OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Oftce and House-
cleaning Co.; best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants.. GEO.
AOKT & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. -126 Powell. nr.Sutter: teLBIack 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning and employ-
fhent; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183-
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best hPlP. 41H4 O'Farroil rt. : tel. East 428.
EMPLO V3IEAT AV ANTED — FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED nurse and care of one child ;
"no objection to country or light housework
in -the city. Apply 1128 Sacramento St., near
Taylor. < • \ ¦ .
A COMPETENT Eastern girl wants a situation
in private family for general housework; a
flrst7Class cook; no postals. Address 51 Lang-
ton St.. " /
RESPECTABLE Eastern lady wishes position
- as housekeeper. Address P. O. , box 520.' Sac;
ramento. ' Cal. . ' ,- >
WOMAN wants laundry work by the day:
good laundress; $110 per day; no postals
answered. 605 Minna. St. - ¦ . .'
COMPETENT nurse; confinements or any
kind of I nursing; good housekeeper. Ad-
- dress Nurse. 620 Van Ness ave. • ..*,
SITUATION wanted by a lady as first-class
cook; would like country hotel or,' summer
resort; .Call or address 746 Mission Bt.
COMPETENT middle aged woman wishes
housework; cooks fairly welL . Tel. South 663.
7 -Van Ness ave. — »
WOMAN wants work by the day to do house-
work; no washing. 3C8 Jessie st. . ¦'¦<
A COMPETENT woman would .like to have a
few more clays' work. .Apply 412 Linden ave.
A RELIABLE woman wishes a situation' to do
general housework; Is a good cook; city or
country; no postal cards. « 10 Stockton Place,
off- Grant ave. ' . . . . * ! t
GIRL late from the East wishes 'position -to do
• general housework, second work or waiting;
wages no less than $20 per month. Call 2417
Clay St., to the rear. ;
RELIABLE jtlrl. speaks German, wishes to do
cooking«and housework; good wages; »refer-
rnces; city or country. Address Competent,
- Box 4206, Call. , - - -'¦--
YOUNG woman wants position; willing to 'do
laundry, chamberwork and sewing; Bleep
home; $3 .per week. Call Branch, box A,
1C6 Eleventh st. .
EXPERIENCED nurse would like to take full
charge of. infant or two children; best city
references; no objections to country. 1128 Pine.
A' REFINED young girl wishes 'a position, as
upstairs or nurse girl: wages from $15 to $20;
no postals: Call 6S1 Clementina st: . *
A COLORED woman wishes, position . to do
cooking. 3006 Clay," room 9. <¦;.• ,-.,." ; / :
SITUATION wanted as housekeeper; apply
.soon. 149 Third' St.. -room 72. ;."..--. ¦<-_¦ .. .
GERMAN woman" with a boy two years old
wishes place to cook on ranch. 'Box 4207, Call.
GIRL wants position dcing second .work .and
plain sewins. Address 534 Folsom st. ;•-
A FRENCH cock wishes 'a° situation in a pri-
vate family; has good references. Address 114
Trenton St.. between; Jackson and Pacific. ' !
WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
. M. REICHOW, 417 Harrison St. t - >",,
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of "New -York,
wishes to go out for $2 a day.' Apply to MRS. I
N. WAI1LQUIST, COS Kearny, st. - .* .'
WOMAN with child wishes position as/house-
. keeper or general , housework. 332A ; Twelfth.
ALL are notified to redeem . their articles . im-
mediately, as' I am going out : of business.'
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ¦ ave. ; . •> ¦ ;
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
I ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and f rom • ferry. V .\ .' ! T.-i.-,
EMPLOYMENT ' WA\TED-i-JIALB. . 'i
WANTED— By " a man "and wife, ? places In a
. gentleman's, family; wife an excellent plain
. cook: man as coachman or groom:^thorough- •
ly, familiar with the handling and care of
„ horses,' etc. ; English references: ' ¦ Box '¦ 4238,
Call office. \ ¦ ¦¦; -.- ¦.„ ;.-, .> • .. ;,,.-.!• >• ¦ .-. ,
GOOD ' machinist, ¦ can run stationary 5 engine,'
• can '.. fire, wants a position preferences' given.
Box 42S5. ; Call : office. - f- - • ? ¦ ;-. v, - - ,
MAN 35;' speaks German'. and: English; > with
,' reference; 'would like position as day or night
- clerk in hotel or lodging-house. Box 4239. Call:
SEWERS on ladies' underwear, - waists, etc.,
to take work home. H: , FRIEDLANDER,
-338 Fell st. .'. ; - ¦ ¦ ¦ , ; ¦¦.-.¦ - •
WANTED— Woman accustomed to handling
.country trade; must have fair education and
business training. Address box 4214, Call.
GIRL— White or colored, gen" 1 housework small
family; plain cooking; no children or wash's.
19th st., bet. 16th & 17th aves. , E. Oakland.
WOMAN for . light housework; good home ' If
. willing to • assist lady doctress; good - pay;
state age. Box 33S3. Call office.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also laarn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st., cor-
ner-Second..* ¦ ¦¦ ' ,
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
_ UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants; 75 cents a
pair; steady work. 21146 Tehama St., upstairs.
LADIES seriously wishing to marry send ad-
. dress and description to Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at i Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone, Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. .
', —Office opens at 7 a. m.—
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions....
FREE FARE ....FREE FARE
A carload of laborers for the above divisions
for section, ballasting, steel gangs. . ship to-
night; wages $1 75 to $2 25 day; office fee, $1
UKIAH UKIAH
75 laborers and teamsters for Ukiah R. R.
'work, ship daily, ................wages $2 day
¦ Fare paid to the sawmills... Ship to-day
23 laborers to work in sawmill and woods, no
experience required.. $28 to $40 and found
5 crosscut sawyers, free fare $35 and found
Eogeman, screw-turner, Amador Co.. $45 & fnd
10 laborers for a new mill Co.. $35 to $45 & fnd
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT. - ¦ .-
Engineer for ranch, good place .'.$60 and found
Horseshoer, country shop $3 and found
Horseshoer and helper, . city job '
• • — ¦'...... $2 50 and $150 and found
v 15 blacksmiths, shops and ranches "
-••••---' $3 50 day, ?40 to $30 -and found
Machine blacksmith..... . $3 50 to $4 day
" . Blacksmith for sawmill Amador Co. $45 & fnd
4 blacksmith helpers, city and country
.$35 and $40 and found
.3 more carpenters for sawmill Co..$60 & found
4 rough carpenters, country J2 and found
5 carpenters for a large ranch.. $10 and found
2 carpenters' helpers.....;. ...$32 50 and found
: YOU CAN DO THIS WORK.
20 men or strong boys to thin beets on a large
ranch; no experiece required.. $32 50 and found
RANCHES, DAIRIES, ETC.
- 350 men , for haymaking and harvest fields ;
run mowers, headers, etc... ....$1 25 to $2 day
75 farmers for orchards, .vineyards and farms;
steady jobs year round — $26 to $35. and found
45 choremen and choreboys, $15 to $35 & found
5 milkers, Santa Clara Co $35 and found
Dairyman, run separator, see boss here
33 milkers forother dairies
MARRIED HELP AND MISCELLANEOUS.
Cook and wife, nice country hotel. $50 & found
Farmer and wife for an orchard.. $40 & found
Fanner and wife, small ranch, Yolo Co
.............;... ; . . . . . .$35 and ' found
.Milker andwife.^Colusa Co.. ...$50 and found-
Boy to deliver rigs, $ib fd.;-6 stablemen, $30-
$35 fd. ; 6 boys, city factory, $6 week; handy
man with tools, $1 50 to $1 75 day, city; 4 sec-
tion hands, S. P. R. It. ; 15 teamsters, ranch
and road work,- $2 day. ¦ '
MINES ...Laborers MINES
6 machine miners, Nevada Co.. $3 day
6rock drillers, $60; » single-hand miners..:...
$42 and found
10 laborers for a new mine $34 and found
3 muckers, $60; 25 laborers for the mines; 15
men to work in quarry $60 month
6 laborers, city, $27, .bd & rm.; 6 laborers, $1 75
5 laborers, 1 San Mateo Co $2 day
HOTEL HELP. BUTCHERS. BAKERS, Etc.
Cook, country hotel $50 and found
-Cook and wife, country hotel $50 and found
17 ranch cooks, $20 to $35 and found; 4 camp
cooks, $35 and $45
Kitchen hand, country hotel.... $30 and found
Foreman baker, good jcb, country. $11 wk & fd
Cake baker, near city ........$40 "and found
6 butchers, r 3 - bakers', helpers, dishwashers,
kitchen hands, 9 waiters.
MURRAY & READY.... .634-638 Clay st.
A— WORKING foreman for a vineyard. MUR-
x RAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay St.
AT the CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGCY..
59 Third st. ; phone Bush 405.
CO railroad laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 per day.
Free Fare! Free Farel Free Fare!
. 10 men for mills and woods, free fare, t?
4 redwood tlemakers, lie, free fare.
- 4 men to cut wood, pine, 4 ft., $1 25 per cord.
4 men to make posts, $3 per hundred. ' .
8 lumber pliers, $35 to $40 per mo. and board.
6 rough carpenters, $2 60 per day. . ;.
¦ 10 men for harvest fields, $2 per day.
-10 men for haying, $1 25 to $2 per day.
2 men for same ranch, $33 year round.
20 laborers, near city, $2 per day. .
Man for light work on ranch; $1 per day. ¦ !
Boy 16 to IS for candy factory, city.
, Teamstera, quarrymen. etc. 59 Third st. .
MACHINE blacksmith, $3 50 to. $4. day; Jobbing
: blacksmith, $2 50 day and board: blacksmith
he^?er, $1 25 and board ; 5 • carpenters for
country, $3 day; ranch blacksmith, $45 and
board;. wheelwright, $45 and board; mill and
- woods men for Arizona, $3 to $3 50 day; rain-
¦ ers, $2 50 day: car men for mine, $2 day: la-
borers, $2 day, and others. J. F. CROSETT
. & CO., 628 Sacramento st. -
FARMER and w'.fe, $.10; man about place, $30;
coachman, $30; gardener, $40; choremen, $20,
$26 and $30; .farmers, $25 and $30; teamsters,
$1 day and board and I $2 day ; boy for store,
$4 week;- headerwagon loader, $35; milkers.
$30 and $35, and others. J. F: CROSETT &
'CO.. 628 Sacramento st. •: " •
COOK for first-class summer resort, small but
flrst-class house, $50 and fare one way; ele-
1 vator • boy, $20; bellboy, $15; • young boy liv-
ing with parents to work in store, steady
place, J5 week and Increase. J^RS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary at.' \
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery,- rm. 12.
All-round cook, resort. $65: head waiter, $45;
bellboy, $15; second and third cook, springs.
$40 and $30 ; 6 ¦ waiters, ¦ $25 and $30; 2 colored
' waiters, ?20. •. .
SPECIAL— Wanted, 75 laborers at $2 day;. 50
teamsters, $2; 10 laborers, . city, $2; 1 good
carriage . painter, $2 60 day ; horseshoer, $2 50.
S. F. Employment Office, 323 Kearny st.
WANTED at Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, ' foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st. .
Merchants, office men. obtain clerical ' help at
Clerks' . Information Bureau, 1 1008% Mkt, , r. 4.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207. ,
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Good short-order cook for night
work to go to Nevada; wages $40 and found;
must be sober man; fare advanced. Box
4236, Call. v
WANTED — Reliable man for light Indoor com-
mission business; must be satisfied with $75
per • month to ; start; ; must have ' $150 cash.
Apply at 25 Geary St., room 1. . ' •* .
I ELDERLY. German." wllllne and obliging,- for
general work about place; understanding cars
i of horses and small, garden: must produce-
flrst-class local ,jefs.; wages $20. Box 14, Call.
ALL boss barbers of 10-cent shops are request-
. ed to meet to-night, 'June 6, at 763 Mission St.,
• without , fall. 7 ¦ -. -. ; -
A YOUNG man who has some experience cut-
- ting ; with . short knife. BAUER. BROS., 21
Sansome : at. ¦ . ' ., ,» ' .¦ _
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
'. good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
¦ room 412,- Parrott building..
WANTED— An | elderly., business man,, must be
good penman; wages $10 per month. Call 500
:Halght;st.' :¦¦¦¦¦ ''-.-. - V . - — ¦,._,- --}-.
A— STEADY man with $300 cash can make $100
*a month. Apply at 209 Kearny St., room' 1.
WANTED— Live canvassers. WILEY B. AL-.
LEN CO.. 933 Market st. .-.. i ;.;. ¦ ¦¦
YOUNG active clerk for grocery and bar. Ad-
. dress .box 421fi, Cafe office. . '
.WANTED^-Pressboy. v Apply 141 Fremont Bt.
HARNESS repairer wanted; city; $60; steady..
. BOX 3367. Call. ~ .. ¦•- -'.¦-. .
WANTED— Cook for State of Nevada. Apply
J. "WALTER. Wisconsin Hotel. 902 Montg'ry.
WANTED— A flrst-class shoe repairer. Apply
' at 532'^ Bush st. -
WANTED— Bootblack to run a stand. S095
/Sixteenth st.,, near. Valencia.
WAGON blacksmith helper wanted at 103 Fre-
mont :st. ... ..* •
FOREMAN : i on bread ; . good hours and good
..- wag's. ;' Box 4211, Call office. ,
SECOND. on' bread; good wages; 7 short hours.
612 'Kearny 'st. ¦ '• -.;
BLACKSMITH wanted at 1221 Webster:
FIRST-CLASS, tailor on coats. , : S ' Brook St..
over : Kast's '. shoe store. , » • . .'-...
DISHWASHER wanted : at 1522 Kentucky st. -
*A WAITER.^ 19 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS experienced butcher wanted for
retail ; market. ..- Box ? 3320. Call office. -.
BLACKSMITH helper wanted. 1638 Mission st.
•----¦--•- ¦'¦;¦¦ ;'>•-.¦•''' ';- ' '-.:'•¦•;-- -- ---¦-.
WANTED^-Blacksmith.' \ '¦¦ 537 ; Brannan ' st.
SNAP,on3-chalr barber shop; good trade; will.
¦¦ ' sell ' cheap. V Address . box \ 4240, . Call , office. / . :
,WANTED-^Man or I woman - to care for place.'
. 30 Hannah at.',': Oakland.yWatts tract. ;.
"ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.'^¦rto*. ; SM Mission St., ; bet. ; 1st and 2d sts. \r
.EMPLOYMENT *, WANTED »IALE. j
A 'GERMAN man^noTwlf e .wish positions; just
•• arrived from East; man i? good gardener and
-understands care of. horses, and wife is flrst-
-class cook. .'1020 Market St.. rodhi 6. - ¦ ; - . .
AV ANTED, by 'competent gardener; thoroughly
.understands greenhouses, ,• propagating , and
gardening of all kinds; experience unlimited:
Box 4213.. Call. - ' .
A MAN and wife wish a'position on a ranch;
the man a good teamster and farm hand; wife
¦ a good cook. Address T. D.,1519 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by practical horsebreaker
to handie spelled horses or unbroken horses;
12 years' experience.. Box 4210, Call office...
STEADY, reliable man wants position as
; watchman; - good references. Address box
4212, Call office. ¦ • . ¦¦;-.-¦ : .. ' ; : ¦
LAUNDRYMAN— Position as. marker and. dis-
tributor; will make himself generally useful;
country town preferred. Box 4206, Call office.
A RELIABLE man, long experience In packing
: and shipping fresh fruit,' wants position. Box
83S7. Call office.- . ' : . ' ¦
WANTED— A position in a soda-water foun-
tain; have had a little experience. Box 4208,
' . Call office. / : ... -.' -. ¦¦ ¦ ' .,.¦¦;¦
.BARKEKPER, speaking English and French,
wculd accept situation to work six or twelve
hours; city references; bonds if required.
Address box 3386. Call office. - ¦.
SITUATION about place by man who Is handy
* with tools and Is willing to make himself
generally useful preferences flrst-class: city
preferred.. A. McG., box^4202, Call office.
RELIABLE man and wife want work; can do
. any kind. ; Call or address 718 Howard Bt.
SAWMILL men; a good blacksmith or engi-
neer, also millwright, wants position; refer-
. ence. Address E. F.-V.." Berkeley. Postofflce.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
JAPANESE . schoolboy desires situation before
and after school hours near Golden Gate
Park. SUJIKI, 121 Halght st.
I AM nice family cook and have recommenda-
' ' tlon; if anybody wants cook please send let-
ter to Quong Hlng Lung, 741 Sacramento St.,
I AM good family cook and have recommenda-
tion; if any one wants cook, please send let-
ter to Chung Wing, 902 Clay st, room 3.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . v : ' -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.'
_-';- FEATHER RENOVATING. "
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 8*0 Mls^rm. cor. Bth.
* FLATS TO LET.
NINETEENTH, 39S4, corner Noe— Lovely low-
er 4-room modern flat, $15; water free. Key
3978 Nineteenth st. '
ELEGANT new flat; 1935 O'Farrell St.. bet.
Pierce and Scott; 7 roomi and bath: rent
$35. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
APPLY at 1722 Howard st. for flat of 6 rooms;
i very sunny; 3 front; water free: rent. $17.
BUSH, 1417, near Polk— Six flne 'sunny rooms;
bath; yard; cellar; rent reasonable.
PINE, 2617. nr. Dev.— New. sunny bay window
flat. 7 rooms and bath; all late Improvements.
SUNNY bay-window corner flat, 7 rooms, bath.
1S76 Fifteenth st.. near Dolores. . ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET — Knrnlfihed.
6 ROOMS and bath: modern; cheap. PAT-
TERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 12S
arid 132 Ellis st. - - - -
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 B0. with' No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CA*». Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
''merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys St
. sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets.etc.
IF you -want 'to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton St.: tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing -of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard . st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln: tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd hpuses bought; spot cash.
CHAS7*LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP . WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. Tr.^HANSEN & i c6/S....[..lO4 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT... .'..
head waitress and waitress
summer resort, $25, $20
head waitress, commercial hotel.... ...$23
'waitress, short distance $20
5 waitresses, summer resorts and springs.. $20
10 waitresses, city and commercial hotels,. $20
*¦ 2 women cooks; no Sunday work $10 week
laundress, country hotel, short distance.... $20
2 waitresses, flrst-class commercial hotel.. $25
"..FAMILY DEPARTMENT
houseglrls, cooks, second girls, nurseglrls,
ranch cooks, etc., can secure position at go-
ing wages by applying to
Cl R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED — 2 waitresses, -hotels, $25; plain
.laundress, assist watting for resort. $25; 2
' waitresses, summer resorts, $20 and $25; cook
for Santa Cruz, summer resort, $35; laundress
for family, $30; cook, short orders, $30; 2 sec-
ond girls, country, $23: Protestant chamber-
maid, family, no waiting, country, $25; 61
girls for housework, city and country, $20 to
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. .
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
-: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
HeadJ waitress. $30; 5 waitresses, first-class
'commercial hotels, $25,- fare paid: 12 wait-
resses, resorts, city and country, $20; 5 cham-
f bermaids, to wait. $20; chambermaid and
laundress, $22 50; chambermaids, $18 to $20.
FAMILY -DEPARTMENT.......'
Many very choice positions In this depart-
ment; nurse one baby, San Rafael. MRS. M.
E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
A*— HOTEL" GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses. '• springs, $20; chambermaids, $20.
WANTED— 2 flrst-class ' lady ironers; one of
them must be able to run shirt machine:
wages, ironer,.$30 and found; polisher, $35 and
found. N. JOENSEN, Woodland, Cal.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in 2 wks.;
-entire course $5; positions guaranteed: big sal-
ary at start. Hairdressing College, 574 Geary.
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands for
' tailor-made suits and silk waists. Call store,
107 Post st. • ' ' " '¦ '
WANTED— A young or middle-aged lady to
• assist in small family; must bring references.
440 Bush st. •-:¦¦•...¦'
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed, of
, self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
.ty. F. PERSON, room 412.. Parrott building.
STRONG girl for general housework. In coun-.
try, for six weeks; wages; $23. St Nicholas
Hotel, room 421. . . . . .. •
SCANDINAVIAN girl for plain cooking and
housework; $25. Apply MRS. HANSEN, 410
Maple, opposite Children's Hospital. ,
WOMAN with or without child to do light
housework and care for woman and child.
2520 Mission,- near Twenty-flrst.
AAA— SEWERS on ladies' . underwear: to take
¦work. home. 723 Market St., room-So. ¦ '
A— GIRL for general housework; wages $15. Ap-
. ply -3005 Sixteenth, near Mission.
•GENERAL housework; plain cooking; family
two; waces $15. 1826A Sutter st. . ¦•;;¦-.
WANTED— Experienced skirt and waist hands.
JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery st. ¦
WANTED— Girl .' or 5 mlddle-aced woman. 946
Folsom ' st. ¦ ' -
RESPECTABLE young girl to assist In house-
work; reference. 2026 Bush St., bet. 9& 12 a. m.
GIRL. about. 15 for housework and help in sta-
tionery store; sleep home.' 19-U Mission st. ,
WANTED— Saleslady, furnishing goods depart-
ment. 319 Hayes. ¦ .; ' ; - • ¦ -. - -
AMATEUR singer* "wanted. Apply j at . Chutes;
'at 6 this .evening. "v. '
GIRL or young woman; housework; plain cook-
¦' Ing; call In forenoon. 1824 Myrtle St., Oakland.
PANTS finishers: steady work. 858 Howard St.,
over handball court. - .. ' • ¦-. .
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'b
overall factory, 32'A Fremont st. ' Apply to ,
," MR.--PAVIB.y---- |c- . ¦'¦'.-¦•- .-' :¦¦ : ' ¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦'¦:¦¦.'
WANTED— Good operator * on vests. . $12 : per
/week. HENRY HILP. 106 Battery st. ,;V
Al' FINISHERS on suits.. M. SIMINOFF, 1228
:; Market st.: : . ¦ : -..•¦.:.:¦¦ '.¦¦;¦._... --¦¦¦> ' ¦: '-:.-.¦.¦
FINISHERS on vests. BELASCO & HATlRia
'.CO.;' 541 Market st. -¦ -n ,: ¦:::¦- '¦¦":'' •-¦'¦- . •.- ¦¦¦.,<¦ '-:
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker. BELASCO
¦>'&. HARRIS CO.; \ 641 Market: st. . •:-¦
WANTED— Young ' girl ; to assist with .', baby ;
; good r home/ ; 1474 ; Page ; st. > - J • - '
PANTS operator wanted; 'steady work; I food
.wairo«. 228 Fifthst.-. . -' ' /¦':. -,. : ' *
MEDICAL— Contlnned.
DR^AND"MRs""DAVIES: 1223 Market. ladieV*
gp'eclallsts- 32 "ears" practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reltabl*
treatment superior to any other: positive cur*
euaranteed at office ; patients treated can re-
turn tame day; harmless: consultation free.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th-Expert specialists; well known and
, reliable ;23 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
togive instant relief from all female troubles;
. avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free;
A" POSITIVE dire jruaranteed In aM fem.ils
complaints or mon*jt returned; my regulator
never fails: tbe most- obstinate cases r^ll».V€d
without pain: best cure: fee low; consult Iiee.
MRS. PR. ALLEN. 1113 Market., nr. Magon.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 28 yrs.
successful practice;, guaranteed treatment at
office- any ailment; horns before -and during
confinement. 342 Post, bet. Hyda and Larkln.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately as I am goins out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. '
DR POPPER, female specialist: no pills or
medicine nsed. 1514 TWtaartpro st.. nr. Geary.
~ MIXES A.\D MIXING.
DIVIDEND paying minins stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co. 326 Post st.
WELL developed payins Alaska mines: ex-
changed forpropertyorbus^ness^^Wi^Turk.
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MIXING AXD ASSAYIXG.
MINING men and others are invited to exam-
ine the Dean-Oviatt ore roaster and desul-.
phurizer; saves all products; shares for sale.
321 Phelan building. S. F. '
* MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 185-ia7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stuck of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship every thin*
In 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— 4-SIDED, 3-sided. 2-sided. 1-sidcd sticker;
all In good order; cheap. H. S. WHITE.
516 Mission st. - - ; __^__^
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, ea-
gines. boilers, water pipes shafting, pulleys,
etc. "WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going . out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. .
A— $3 BC 3ERBT and Fedora, hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all klnd3
bought sold, rented and exchanged. H. 3.
WHITE. 618 Mission st.'
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 129 Eeale st. .
MANUFACTURING olant. 3 months In U3e;
must b3 sold at once. 2020 Market st.
FOR sale— 1 striped tent; 5 ft. wall; 14x13; bar-
gain. 114 Eighth st. >
FAIRltANK'S 10- ton hay scale: Jeweler's ste?l
lined safe, perfect order. 21S .':*llfornla nt.
$.43. 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit, new; $32 50. 1C9
Montgomery st.
GASOLINE eneines. 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 533 Mission.
Gasoilne or distillate eDfrlnea. new ft 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 16 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern en^tnes and,
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
ture?. BULLARD & KRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. .417-423 Saoramento st.
SAFES— New arid second-band ; all sizes. THIS
WALTZ SAFE. 1(19-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— Cheap phaeton. 11 City Hall ave.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 25*2.
WANTED — 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cagp. H. L. WmTETTEAP. 1706 Marfc»t st.
. 31OXE1" TO LOAX. •
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you -will Io3«
their friendship; do business with strangers
and'you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Marke: st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY "
." IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
. 630 Market st. | Loans on estates in probate. ,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no da-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at l*w.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvata
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 "Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; - no removal; mone?
. quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable 'party. 1170 Market St., room' S3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,"*
watches. Jewelry. "W. J. HESTHAL. 10 SUtli;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each,
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Califnla.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan: Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan Bldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 118 McAllister.
2% en furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81, 8 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. 8,
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. »1U Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate, or for building;
low rate. 212 Sansome st.. room 2.
THE Tou3ley Company; loans and discounts,
321 Parrott building.. < .
CASH loaned to salaried peoole on note without
Indoraer. MORTtKLL. B09 Examiner building.
~ SIOXET WASTED.
IF you have money to loan upon safe securi-
ties at 6 per cent call and see us. West Coaat
Investment Company. Phelan building.
MUSICAL 1SSTRUME5TS.
ALL standard makes can be had at our es-
tablishment. • ~
• New and slightly used bargains are:
- 1 -Heine, original price $575, now ..$235
X Hallet & Davis, original price $350, now. 325
1 Stelnway, orglnal price $575, now.. 1S3
.7 Chlckerlngs. $113 to 2S*
5 Schaffers. from '. ; 14.%
¦„ 1 Sohmer. price $400, now... is.">
. And 50 other uprights, more -used, from $35
' to $130; rents $2 up. allawed on purchase;
we handle all makes; agents for famous
Hallet-Davis, Heine, etc.; live - salesman
wanted; big salary right man. HEINE-
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
6 CO. may b< exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or. baby grand piano any.tlm* within
S years from date of purchase, and hav* full
price -allowed. New upright pianos. $* per
month; some good pianos sold for S3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHEKMAN. CLAY & CO..
Pteinway dealers, corner ¦ Kearny and Sutter
nts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
REMOVAL cf KEEFFE'S . piano store from
Market st. to our largt and elegant quarters.
314 Post st.. opposite Union squaif.. Are now
¦ prepared to offer several new makes and a'.l '
' • of cur old stock at greatly reduced prices.
.TAS. KEKFFE. 314 Post st.. between Stock-
¦ ton and PoweJl. . ' . • ¦
IF you have $10 to pay. for a piano, or If *yon
can spare- $73 or >S5 or even $100, ceme and
see us and we will help you spend It wisely
an.l .well: we hav«> many bargains for you
to-d»v. THF. ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. '
763 Market st. : . ¦
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim-»
: within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new pe^rle^s Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c 'a day 'to buy a
piano from us. KCHLER & CHASE. SO
O'Farrell St.: established • 1S30.
A LIST of flne second-hand bargains— 1 Em-r-
son..l Hallst *: Davl*. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. I
-.Pt-rlinff, *75. S123. $145,- etc; wasv oaym»nt«.
BENJ. ¦ CURTAZ & SON. 1« • O'Farrell *t.
Chlckering. Vose-. .Sterling • Agency; also
.Apollo, kins: of self-players. •
DON'T buy riancs . at Wilson's .Stora?-. ,17O«
•Market st.. because It's unfair to- sell pianos
so cheap: they are slaughtering prices. .,
SOHMER & Co.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. L<»3tsr.
.Hamilton and Splelmann pianos. ByronMauzy'
203 Post. ¦-. ¦ . . ,-: f*
WANTED— Ten square . pianos for country
schools. BYRON MAUZY, 3C8 Post jit.
FINE large upright piano; also foldlns-be4:
. «i»at sacrifice. 324 ; GtJ&en ' Gate aY«.Work kills fewer men than the work oi
having to listen to other people's troubles.
..-* ¦:;.;-{. . '* •-.'.¦! Claims.; 1 _ V
: An action for a writ of mandate against
the Board of ' Supervisors was instituted
yesterday- by Attorney Louis P.: Board
man ,on - behalf of the trial jurors who
have served in the trial of criminal cases
In the Superior Court without • compensa
tion. . • . ;-¦>• ¦-'.¦*.:.¦."¦.. " ¦ ¦•'
The proceeding is commenced under the
law passed at the session of the Legisla
ture of , 1901, -which provides • that . jurors
JUBGRS SITE TO RECOVER
• FEES UNDER : THE NEW LAW
Apply fir Writ of Mandate to Compel
A-i Supervisors to Allow Their .
Thl3 proceeding 1 affects a. large number
of citizens -of San-; Francisco who have
rendered, their services without pay and
who have gone .-so -far in their efforts to
secure payment of fees in criminal cases
as to have an act. passed by the Legisla
ture providing: that their fees ; shall be
paid.. . . • .. : . _ •
The Supervisors Tef used to allow- the de
mand of Roland .H- . Powejl," .which was
presented under the» new law, and this suit
is the result of their refusal.' . "?.«,-..->*¦
who have previously served under the law
of 1*95 shall be paid out of the general
fund of the fees stipulated In the latter
act. <t\yi\ M| mhjii^ f|'iw | iBii»iiHikK»tinr> | «tin
Hope That the /Kidnapad Boys
¦">: .- May Be Recovered. .
The, Investigation by. Secretary White of
th« Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children In regard to the abduction of
Joseph Clifford from a charitable Institu
tion in this city, has revealed the fact that
another boy -was taken at' the same time
and by : the : same parties: ; Roy Taylor,
the second boy. -'.left -with Clifford for
school " on April 3 and no trace has been
found of either of them since that day. >
Mrs. Clifford ' of Oakland ' and . Mrs. - Tay
lor of San Bruno, the mothers of the chil
dren, have spared no trouble or expense in
an effort to find them and both are heart
broken at the discouraging results of their
search. Secretary White states that he
heard from the authorities at Merced that
Mrs. Sllva, the natural mother of the Clif
ford boy, "brought him there, but as a re
sult of a quarrel with the man with whom
she was living, she took-. the child away
the. next day. ¦--¦•.-¦ • ¦
It has . also been learned that a friend
of * the grandmother- of the • Clifford boy,
while riding • in a carriage with , a negro
woman in Oakland last'Sunday, confessed
that she; was concerned with the grand
mother in ; stealing, the two ' children in
April. : Her story, will be investigated and
the two 'boys will be recovered if possible.
Oakland- Woman's Story Arouses
OOMTFESSES* SHE HELPED
ABBTJCT TWO CHILDREN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, JUNE 6; 1901.
11
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Superior lots; choicest bargains; cal! and be
convinced. , " a
$100, $150* $200 to $350— Level Ocean Boule-
vard lots; ready to build on; near cars; $5
monthly.
Select our Sunset lpts; graded and sewered;
all bargains; building up rapidly; don't wait;
$500 t6 $300; Installments. . •
Sunset branch office. . Ninth ave., near H st.
$400 to $800— We can positively suit you In
Richmond lots; easy terms.
$75 $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st.
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
POSITIVE BARGAINS IN COTTAGES ON
EASY TERMS.
$4300— Elegant new 6-room cottage, stable and.
driveway; 50x120; choicest street In Richmond.
$3500— Best built 7-room cottage; Richmond.
$2000— 6-room cottage; choice St.; Richmond.
$1250 each — 2 splendid cottages. In Sunset.
$1000— <3-room cottage; Richmond. . .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
54 Chronicle building.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market «t
$1300 — Eight-room house on Union st . v
$1500— Five-room cottage, near Buchanan st.
$1600— Seven-room house on Broadway; a snap.
$2200— Three flats near Mason and Sutter sts.;
rents 521.
J2500— Store and 4 rear living rooms on Mission
street.
$2400— Five-room cottage, half a block • from
Ninth and Market sts.
JS500— Store, fiat and house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission sts.
$S100 — McAllister et. ; rents $S5; near Buchanan
Et; two frontages.
$3750— Two nice flats near Hyde and California
sts.: rents $37.
$11,000— Choice' flats near Golden Gate Park;
rents $140: lot 50 foot front; third cash.
$15.000 — 8 modern flats on corner near Larkln
Bt. : all re/ited for $1*5.
$18,500— fJrand investment; modern Improve-
ments; lot 70-foot front; near Taylor Bt; rents
$170; all rented.
$15,500— Near Stockton st: one >tenant; rent
$120; lot 35-foot front. 1 V
$40,000— Grand Investment: few blocks from
Tivoli; one tenant leased 6 years at $4000 year.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
GET MARRIED AND BUY A HOME.
$4000 each — 2 new houses: 7 rooms, bath;
everthing up to date; big lot; Castro, not far
from Market Bt; will be finished in 2 weeks.
$5350—4 flats; almost new; rent $48; good big
lot near Market and Sixth sts.
$3000—5 rooms and bath; almost new. If
you want a good Investment or home, call
and see this house; located Potreo ave.,
near Twentieth st. . .
$4000 — House of 15 rooms; lot 37:6x80; near
Third Bt; good Income.
$2600— House 7 rooms and bath: sunny side
of street; 25x75; near Third et; any one's
bargain.
$1500—1 acre of fine land In Ocean View;
good for florist; fronting on electric car line.
Call on W. J. HEALY, 630 Market st, real
estate and insurance broker.
POST-ST. PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Lot Eouth side of Post Bt; sixty-six (66) feet
front; situated between the Crocker building
and Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
ticulars apply to JAMES A. WHITE, room
11. tenth floor. Mills building. \
FOR sale— Fine business and residence corner
paying 8 per cent on investment, and several
handsome cottages at a bargain on easy
terms. PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall ave.
PACIFIC Heights: marine view: sunny; 12-
room residence; new; artistic. THE McCAR-
THY CO., 646 Market st
6-ROOM cottage, nice garden, for sale; $1000;
reason for sale, owner going north. 129 Flood
ave.. Sunnyside; apply morning.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1350— MODERN cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
Just finished;, lot 33x100; part cash. J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park St.. Alameda,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS'
BERKELEY REAL ESTATB.
BARGAIN — 4-room house, large lot, close to
station. 1 block to 2 .electric car lines; price
$750; only $50 cash, balance $10 monthly. _
Bargain— New 6-room cottage; modern; con-
venient to station, stores and cars; price
$1800; only $20%.cash, balance $17 monthly.
Must be sold at once; 6-room cottage, " deep
well, windmill, tank, large barn, chicken
houses, large lot; price $1250; terms, $200 cash,
balance $12 monthly.
Come and see our new 3, 4. 5, 6, 7, 8 and 3
room houses; latest style: prices range from
$1250 up; will take clear lot in part payment,
or will buy lot in any location and build to
Buit; or you On make monthly payments,
same as rent Take Berkeley train, get off
at Lorin station, office west side of railroad
track. Open Sundays. RUDOLPH, PER-
KINS & LYON. ¦ ¦
No. 122, $1200— 6-room cottage; lot 50x110; cor-
ner; cheapest cottage In Berkeley.
No. 190, $1750 — 6 rooms and large attic; owner
gone North and ordered this property eold at
a sacrifice.
No. 154, $2200— Property must be sold; 6-room
house: large lot; 1 block to electric cars; make
an offer.
$6000— 14-room house for- exchange for income
ranch: well located for rooming-house. ,
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Real Estate and Insurance,
Oppositt First National Bank.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
TO let— a furnished cottage. 2427 Dwight way,
Berkeley, for 2 months. __^^^^_^
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
fruitvale bo a rd a >'d rooms-
SUNNY room: 1 or 2 gentlemen: family board;
convenient to trains. Box 2252, Call office,
Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAK^^E^AI^EST^TJE^^^
$2200 A NEW bungalow cottage, up-to-date, S
rooms and bath; an Ideal home; large lot;
near local station and business centers; cheap
for $3000; owner mujt sell; wants an offer;
mortgage $1800. balance cash.
.1. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
J370O— ALMOST new 8-room house; double sets
of plumbing; concrete foundation; extra heavy
construction material; double floor; beautiful
neighborhood; sunny corner; close to busi-
ness centers, schools, cars, etc.; built for a
home; cost $4800; owner leaving and must
be sold: first comg first served. -
J. S. MYERS & CO..
$40 PER foot— Residence lot on Franklin st; a
few blocks from 14th Bt; original selling price
100 per foot; how is this— seeing is" believing—
call • J. S. MYERS & CO.,
• 1002 Broadway. Oakland. .
$£600-ORIGINAL cost $6000; a few blocks from
business centers; sunny exposure; lot 62 front;
barn, coachman's room; private . water sup-
ply; terms $SCO cash, balance bank mortgages.
J. S. MYERS & CO..' .
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$250 CASH, $7 monthly; 4-room cottage; good
well of water; small barn, chicken shed and
run; 2 fine lots, -75x100; picket fence; excellent
soil; charming view; best climate; near 2
electric car lines, 90-foot boulevard and model
schoolhouse; away from cold winds and fog;
90 families have located here within 3 years;
price, all told. $S50. Call or .-send for. circu-
lars. 4M Seventh st.. Broadway station. Oak-
land. H. Z. JONES, owner.
COZY new Eastlake cottage of 5 rooms and
high basement; sunny side; Just completed;
easy terms can be arranged.
$2200— House of 7 rooms anS bath; lot 40x
123; close to Telegraph ave. : a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
. OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
ELEGANTLY furnished 5-room cottage; piano,
J'^J" 11 of flowers; cheap to right parties.
I16O Thirteenth ave.. 10 minutes' walk from
. East Oakland station. . .', ; .
OAKLAND FURNITURE- FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
X 1£°_^ S _J^° *' HOUSEKEEPING. ,
CALIFORNIA, 1527-^3 '" f ur^heT^wekeeping
rooms to let; gas, bath and water; sunny.^
DEVISADERO. 261— Nicely furnished front
suite, with kitchen and bath. ° ea . Iront
EDDY. 939- A Hoor of 4 or 2 furnished: rooms;
private residence; no children. ...
ELLIS. 616— Elegantly . furnished sunny, parlor
.suite, 3 rooms; gas stove; rent $35.
', ¦ ' ¦ .to lease. v % /\- ; ; ••; : j
WANTED to rent— Four months.- house eight
rooms, Santa Cruz Mountains, ¦ near ; coast;
'dally mail;" all- kinds \ fruit; nice vegetable
' garden ready for ¦ use; family Just vacated;
I plenty -wood;- water;- can. keep horse; -every-
thing; entire season, $40/ Address or call and
Bee (narrow-gauge, Fulton) JAS. * KILGORE,
Bonny Doon. Cal.-~ ' " - ¦ ' , - -
i DIVIDEND NOTICES. -.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend .No. 28 (30 cents
per share) of the .Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
* company, 327 Market st. , on and after Mon-
day, June 10, 1901; transfer books closed Mon-
day, June 3, 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m. •
• E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. ..
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Consolidated— A dividend, No. 30, of
seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the is-
sued . capital stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
: ' pany, 430 California st., San Francisco, on
June 10, 1901; transfer books close June 3,
- 1901. . at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LEGAIi^ADVERTISEHEKTS.
IN~thT1iiu9e7io7~c7>urt~In and forTthe~Clty
and County of San Francisco, State of Cal- j
•ifornia. In the matter of the estate' of
EUGENE TANIERE, deceased:
ETIENNE TANUERE. executor of the last
will and . testament of EUGENE TANIERE,
deceased; having this day presented" and' filed
herein his duly verified petition praying for
an order, authorizing him. as. such executor to
borrow money, and to execute a note* and to
mortgage the realty hereinafter described for
the -purpose of paying a" Hen and mortgage
already subsisting on said realty, and to pay
debts and charges of administration and the
expenses of this proceeding: -
• And It appearing to th}s court- from' such
verified petition that .' It Is necessary "- and
projler that such' order be made: • -
• It' Is now ordered by this- court that all
persons Interested in the estate of EUGENE
TANIERE. deceased; appear before this court
on Monday' the. eighth day of July, A. D.
1901, at 10 o'clock In the forenoon of said
day, ' at the courtroom of Department No. 10
of said Superior Court, at the ¦ New City Hall,
in said City and County of San Francisco,
then and there to show cause why that cer-
tain lot. piece or parcel of land, situate, ly-
ing and being in the City and 'County of San
Francisco, State of California, j particularly
bounded and described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at the ' northwesterly corner of
Hyde and McAllister streets, thence westerly
and along the northerly line of* McAllister
street ! seventy (70) feet,, thence at right an-
gles northerly one hundred and fourteen (114)
feet and six (6) inches, thence at right angles
easterly seventy : (70) feet to the westerly line
of Hyde street." thence at right angles south-
erly alotig said line of Hyde street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet and six (6) inches
to the point of commencement,' being a por- I
tion of that parcel . of land known on the of-
ficial map of the City and County of San
Francisco as fifty (50) vara lot number 1338,
or. some part thereof should- not • be mort-
gaged by said petitioner... executor aforesaid,
for the • sum of twenty-five thousand ($25,000)
dollars, or such lesser amount as to the court
shall seem meet, and reference Is hereby made
to said petition now on , file herein for full
particulars. . •• * ¦ ¦
It Is further ordered that a copy of this
' order be published at least once a week for
four successive weeks In the San Francisco
Call, "a newspaper of general circulation, print-
ed and published in the City and County of
San Francisco. Done In open court this 5th
day of June, A. D. 1M1. -
F. H. DUNNE. Judge.
; PROPOSALS. : >
PROPOSALS.— State Prison supplies.— Sealed
, proposals will be received at the office of the
clerk at the State Prison, San Quentln. until
10:30 a. m;, Saturdav, the 15th day of June,
1801, " and at the office of the clerk at the
State Prison at Folsom, until 9:30 a. m.,
Monday^ the 17th" day of June, .1901; at which
times and places they will be opened In the
presence of bidders, for. furnishing and' deliv-
ering supplies for, said prisons, consisting of
subsistence stores, forage,, fuel, fuel oil, fur-
nishing power to run the. jute mill at San
Quentin, clothing, medicines, lime, cement
and other staple supplies, from July 1, 1901,
to June 30. 1902. Inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedules, which will be furnished
upon application at either of . the above- of-
fices. ,No bid. will be considered unless made
upon said schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the certified check therein required, nor
from any other parties than bona flde dealers
' in the classes of articles to be furnished.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with
a certified check upon some well known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to
R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the board,
conditioned that the . bidder will enter into
a contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Bids . for either . prison must
be marked separately. AH payments : made
on contracts will be paid in cash or Con-
troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and
to order any quantity over or under, the
' amount specified. V. W.' REYNOLDS, ! acting
clerk; ti. JA. FITZGERALD, president."
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13. 820 Sansome st,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. ro.,
SATURDAY, June 8. 1 1901, and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
"tlon Yountville). for six months commencing
July ! 1,' 190L and ending I December 31, 1901
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
-, plication by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It is
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der mvst accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking house for at least 10 per cent of the
- amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to. reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
. the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
I of Directors of the • Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st.', San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrec-
tors. . ' ' • - J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
ANNUAL supplies for United States Marine
Corps— Headquarters United States Marine'
Corps, Quartermaster's Office, Washington,
D. C, May 24, 1901. Sealed proposals. In
duplicate, will be received at this office until
12 o'clock noon on June 17. 1901, and then be
publicly opened, for furnishing ice at Wash-
ington, T>. C. ; fuel, forage and laundry work'
at -Annapolis, M<1. ; rations and .laundry
work at Dry TortugaR, Fla.; fuel, forage, ra-
! tions and laundry work, at Portsmouth. N.
Bt. ; Boston, • Mass. ; Newport. R. I. ; Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; Philadelphia, - Pa. ; League Island,
Pa.; Washington, D. C. ;• Norfolk. Va.. Port
Royal, S. C. ; Pehsacola. Fla.; Mare Island,
Cal., and Bremerton, Wash. . Blank propos-
als and other Information can be obtained
upon application to this office to the com-
1 manding officers, Marine Barracks, at the
. above named etations, to the assistant quar-
termaster, 1C00 South Broad street, Philadel-
phia. Pa., and to Major George Richards, as-
sistant raymaster, .U. 8. M. C, 40 Ellis
street, San Francisco, Cal. This office re-
serves the right to reject any and all bids
and to waive Informalities. , Bids from regu-
lar dealers only ¦ will be considered. F ¦ L
DENNY. Quartermaster U. S. Marine Corps.
SAN FRANCISCO, Caf., May 21. 1001.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. Monday, June 10, 1901,
and thert .for construction of Water
and Sewer System at Fort Baker, Cal. Gov-
• ernrhent reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids in whole 'or in part. Preference
given to articles of oomestlc production, con-
ditions of price and qunlity (including in the
) ', price of foreign productions the duty thereon),
being equal, and such preference given to ar-
,' tides of American production produced on the
Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption re-
quired by the public service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to J. • M. MAR-
.SHALL, Assistant Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M. l_i_________ ¦
PROPOSALS for coal— Office of General Super-
intendent Army Transport t-ervlce, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., May 10, 1901. Sealed proposals In
' triplicate for furnishing and delivering at
Honolulu. H. I., twenty thousand tons, aver-
age Steam Coal, or such portion \ thereo! as
may be required, will be received at this
office until 12 m., • June 10, 1901, and then
opened. Information furnished on application.
I Envelopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed. "Proposals for Coal," and addresa*d
to OSCAR F. LONG, General Superintendent
MARRIAGE * LICENSES. '
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: • ; . ¦
Rudolph 1 O. Gates, 34, 804 Hayes street, and
Ellen A. Buttlmer, 80, Boston.
Clifford Wilson, 22, corner Thirteenth, and
Harrison, streets, and Mamie Sullivan, J8, 833A
Bryant street. ¦ •• \ ¦; • -•¦• „•«•
William R. Whltthorne. »7, 117 Jones street,
and Minnie Louis, 28, . 117 Jones street.
Walter B. .Birdsall, 89, city, and Caroline
Cunningham, 26, city. -.--", ;..;',-*v r,
Albert -. Dethlef son, SO, 1036% Folsom street
and Laura M. Ensgraber, 17, Salinas.
Alexander W. ¦ Marquess, 28, 827 Harrison
street, and Bertha E." Morgan, 29, Santa Cruz.
• Abraham L. 1 Friedman. 24, 121 Russ. street,
and Belle Monasch, 21. 422 Golden Gate avenue.
"William J.' Bowles, 34. San Lorenzo, and
Anna M. Jorgensen, 24, San Lorenzo., ,
Ernest -D. Tanner, 23, -. Brooklyn . Hotel, and
Antonla M. Wilson, 20, Stockton. ... ,
• Arthur Truscott, 39, Lockeford. and Nettie
T. Ross, 27. .Lockeford.- >
. Henry P. Reilly. 22, 1262 Church Btreet, and
Emma Peyre, • 18, 28 Alleen avenue.
John P. . Bell. 21. 1324 Mission street, and
Rose A. Trainor, • 18,' 1679% Howara street. .
. Robert „• E. Hammond, - 26, 4521 Eighteenth
street; and Edna M. Reed, 2L 923 Geary street
Anaon C. TJchenor, 32, 1373 Ellis street, and
Emily L.- White, 19, Aromas. ,t - . •
, Robert Hughes, 31. 3541 Twenty-second street
and Julia Lundie. 26. 304 Third street. ••-..« •
. Louis Rubin, 23, 207 Turk street, and Minnie
Zier, 21." 641 1 Stevenson street. . \ ;
; Low, Fat Yuen, 30, 1119. Stockton street, and
Yip Ho, 19, 1 919 Stockton street. -, '
BIRTHSt^MARBIAGES— DEATHS. >
H Birth,- marriage : and death , notices 5 sent by
mail will not be Inserted: They must be handed
in af either of the publication offices and be
indorsed 1 with the name and residence I of i per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
- BOBN. ¦ C . : ; •
PHILLlPS-^In -this city. : May 5, 1901, to the
• wife of -William Phillips, a daughter.'
VON v BENZON— In this city. June 4, 190L to
• the wife of A.'.W.' von Benzon, a son." .
¦ 1- MARBIED. 1 .
MARQUESS— MORGAN— In this city. June 5,"
1901, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, Alexander
W. Marquess of San ¦ Francisco and Bertha
E. Morgan of Santa Cruz. Cal.
RINGEN— SCHMITT— In this city. June 4, 1901,
by the Rev. I J. M. . Buehler, Peter H. Ringen
''and Catherine Schmitt.
SCHULLIAN-»SHANAHAN— In this city. -June
4, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. . John A. B. Wilson,
., Joseph F.Schullian and Lizzie F.»Shanahan,
both of San Francisco. ¦
. - ."•; /¦ :';v' . ' DIED. ¦ •:.¦"
¦ Barry, 'John M. • > j - Hollingsworth, John
, Barton, Mary E. Kehres, Mary
Bieler, Frank ; •¦'.• McGann, Frank
Charland, John B. • McLaughlin, Patrick
Crough, John.fi. > McMahon, : Josephine
• Edwards, Daisy D. Meaney, Adeline
Erickson, Paul V . Sievert, Ferdinand
5 Fay, Philip S. Such, , Rosina '
¦ Fisher, Mary ' •; . Sullivan, Miss J.- -" '.
Freechtle. Charles A. Tilton, , Juliet -
Gleeson, Michael A. -
! BARRY— In this city. June 5, 1901, John Mat-
'¦' thew, beloved husbahd" of Mary J. > Barry, '
1 father of Georgie Barry, son of Matthew
*.. Barry, ,: and brother of James : W. Barry, a
- native of Columbia, Tuolumne County, Cal.'
BARTON— In this city, June 4, 1201. Mary
. Ellen, beloved wife of George Barton, daugh-
ter o'John and .the late Bridget Rodden,.
andsiRter of the: late Hugh Rodden, a na-
tive of Brockton, Mass., aged 39 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
-of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
j street, thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
: ' vices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BIELER — In Oakland, June 4, 1901, Frank, be-
fc loved husband of Catherine Bieler, and father
of Ida Bieler, a native of Switzerland, aged
67 years and 10 days. A member of Germania
Lodge No. 118, I. O. O. F.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. - 982 East Fourteenth street,
East Oakland. Interment private, Moun-
• tain View Cemetery. :
CHARLAND— In this city, June 6, 1901. John
• B. Charland, a native of Quebec, Canada,
aged 67 years and 11 months. : - •¦;•
CROUGH— In Santa Monica, Cal., May 31,
1001,' John S. Crough, beloved father of Mrs.
May E. Goodf riend, a native of Baltimore,
aged 75 years.
EDWARDS— In this city, June 3, 1901, Daisy
D., beloved daughter of Char les'E. and Mary
C. Edwards, . and sister of Nettle, Florence
and Herman Edwards, a native of Myrtle
-Point, Or., aged 20 years 5 months and 10
days. (Coos County, Oregon, papers please
copy.)
£T Remains at the parlors of the Western
'Addition Funeral Directors, 2428 California
street, until Monday, June 10, 1901. Inter-
ment at Marshfleld, Or. ...
ERICKSON— In this city, June 6, 1901, Paul,
beloved 1 son of Carl and Amanda Erickson,
and brother of Carl, Clara, Ruth and Dora
Erickson, a native of Oakland, aged 1 year
and 2 months.- . -
FAY— In -this city. June 6,- 1901, Philip S.. be-
: loved husband of Mary S. . Fay, a native of
New York City, aged 59 years.
(prThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence.,- 834 Grove street, thence to Sacred
¦ Heart Church, where a solemn . requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
scul, commencing at 9:15 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
FISHER— In this "city, June 5, 1901, Mary.
' - relict of the late Hugh Fisher, and beloved
mother of Laurence . P. Fisher and Mrs. L.
A. Donovan, a native of County Meath, Ire-
, land, ajed 71 years. - •
¦ E^Remalns at the parlors ; of James Mc-
Menomey & Son. 1057 Mission street ¦ Notice
of funeral hereafter. '¦
FREECHTLE— In this city, June 4, 1901,
. Charles Anton Freechtle, dearly beloved son
of .'Joseph and Elizabeth Freechtle, beloved
brother of Joseph G., Valentine H., ! Lilly,
; Frank W.. Arthur and Frederick Freechtle,
and grandson of "Mrs. Valentine . Ehrman, a
native of San Francisco, aged 8 months and
27 days. ' .
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1471 Ellis street, between Bu-
chanan and Webster. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ....
GLEESON— In this city, June 5, 1901, Michael
• ' Aloyslus, -beloved son of ¦ Kate f and the late
Patrick Gleeson, and brother of Mary Rose,
¦ Joseph, and Katie Gleeson, a native of San
-.' Francisco, aged 15 years and 3 months."
HOLLINGSWORTH— In Magnolia, May SI,
1901, John 0- Hollingsworth, brother of L.
W. and A. M. Holllngsworth of . San Fran-
cisco," a native of North Carolina, aged" 28
years. .
KEHRES— In Alameda, June 5, 1901, Mary.
¦ beloved wife of Philip' Kehres, and mother
of W. H.. P. and John Kehres, Sister Mary
Gerald Agnes and Mrs. F. Treat of Oak-
land, a native of Ireland. =*aged' 65 years.
McGANN— In this city, June 5. 1901. Frank,
beloved son of Frank P. and Ellen McGann,
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 yearsand
6 months.
McLAUGHLIN— In this city, June 3, 1S01, Pat-
rick McLaughlin, a native of Ireland, aged
65 years. ¦ • «.
McMAHON— In this city, June 5, 1901, Joseph-
ine G.. beloved daughter of. Thomas and
Mary McMahon, a- native ¦< of . San Francisco,
aged ! 1 year 4 months and 10 days. - • ¦
MEANEY— In this city, June 5, 1901, Adeline,
beloved wife of L. J. Meaney, and mother of
L. P. and Anna Meaney and Mrs. Hattie
Murphy," a native of Chicago, 111., aged 48
years 4 months and 12 days.
[C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
, dence, 15S Capp street, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
¦ tery.
SIEVERT— In this city. June 4, 1301, Ferdi-,
nand Sievert, beloved husband of Minna Sie-
vert, and father of Margareta Sievert, a na-
tive ofWoIsrast, Pommern, Germany, aged
60 years 3 months and IS days. A' member
of the German Krieger Verein ; Germania
Lodge NO. 7, O. d. H. S.. and Washington
.Lodge No. 60, A. O.:U. W. .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
; Hall, 121 Eddy street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
man Krlecer Verein. Interment Odd Fel-
lows* Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H. P. Petertsen, 22S McAllister street. . :
SUCH— In this city, June 3. 1901, Roslna, widow
of the late Francis L. Such, and mother of
Mrs» W. E. Turrell and W. T. Such, a na-
tive of New York, aged 71 years. (Tacoma
paper* please copy.)
.- ITT Notice of funeral In Thursday evening's
papers. • ... ¦
TILTON— In this city, June 5, 1901, Juliet, be-
loved wife of the late Joseph R. Tilton, and
¦ mother of Georg'e, Dow, Noah, ¦ Bmma and
John Tilton. a native of Dayton, Ohio, aged
73 years and 10 months. -^ •
SULLIVAN— In this city, June 4, *1901, \ Miss
Jrsephlne Sullivan, beloved sister of the late
Kate Sullivan and Mrs. P. Crowley, aged 65
years. '-'• - " . ¦ . .-
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thurrday). at St. Dominic's Church, at *.
".o'clock, where a solemn high mass will be
• ¦ celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment private. -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEilS.
20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
I Eugene McGinn. . McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
. , 31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone : South • 252. . San Francisco.'
Nn Connection With Any Other House.
. MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS Con.
BARGAINS — Clearance sale bargains ; upright
pianos. $75 and upward; Etelnway, Knabe.
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares $10
up.~BRTJEXX. 208 Post St.
AN uprlpiit piano: must be «old; owner leav-
lr.g. HORKCKG. 216 McAllister Bt
CLOSING out stock of pianos; prices reduced
cne-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
LUDWIO pianos the most popular. WILEY b.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 938 Market *t-
S3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. £60 Hayes Et.
HIT— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary ct.. room 28.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Mc-
Allister Bt
A SMALL Chickerlng upright. $125; 6 uprights.
cecond-handed. your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT 31 WILSON"S Storage. 1706 Market Bt. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
BARGAIN— Must be cold; nice upright piano.
BCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next HlberalaBank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new.- H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for $1,
postage rmJd.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A PART of 5th floor In S. C. S. building. 25-27
Market st.: less than half usual rental. Ap-
ply at once on premises.
CHEAP rent: etore with counter, shelves, S
rooms, yard: water free; $10. 1920 Howard.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
gunny offices. f]5 to g0: usual rervlces.
r _. OIL. •
BEST oil land In the State; enormous pro-
ducers around us; a fortune In our stocks; we
know it. will prove It, by giving you negotia-
ble bond; bears 3 per cent interest; guarantees
your stock against any loss; you can't lose;
ellt edge references: call, write. Investigate.
Paxton Gold Bond Oil Co.. 318 Kearny st.
CALISTOGA OH and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nine
districts. Office. 23 nnd 24 Merchants* Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; big advanc*
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 226 Post Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
Flzeg: cheap. H. S. WHITE. E]g Mission gt.
OIL LANDS.
GIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish yon with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
cr wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
FHEA & PETERSON. 801 Examiner building.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1CC1 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; paint-
ing done. 319 Third st, Hartman Paint Co. f
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered.
If up. Jensen & Bath, 808 Sixth; opea even.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good reli-
able work. Clark's. S08 Larkln: tel. Larkln 106a
PALMISTRY.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast 506 Market Et; 1 to 5 p. m.
H. JEROME FOPSELLL, scientific pulmlst. 615
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading; lessons in class and private. 617 Jones.
MRS. WM. McMANUS. scientific palmist. 1140
Market. 10 to E: residence 731 Guerrero st.
PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineations of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Etanton. 810 Leavenworth;
verbal read's. Jl: printed chart, j: 50; lessons.
PERSONALS.
BEST on earth — Blood poison. Itching, skin
d'.rczscs. rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any die-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure 6ure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co., permanently
located €28 Montgomery st, room 22, third
Hoot. DRS. KING and JONES.
WHY throw your life away 777
Going without sleep and turning yourself Into
a nervous, irritable wreck; all nervous and
mr-nta! diseases cured; sleep assured: hallu-
pinati^rE dispelled. DR. VAJC LANDEGHEM.
35S Grary st.; telephone Brown SO; hours.
If' to 4. - -
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary st. and you
win not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively frusra.nteed: preparation sent to all
parts rf the world; call or rend for circular.
MME. P.UGG. formerly of Hayes Valley, has
reoi^-W and would be pleased to meet her
nld patron?: ha'.rdressing. 25c; scalp and fa-
cial irpai.-n«>nt; hairdressing taught. 1153 Mar-
ket »»t.. Jytm-een Seventh and Eighth.
IF you arc not equipped for camping give us a
oa!!: nxrytblac to wear, to use or amuse;
F-.irr.nvr vtnnervfar for men. 25c up; ladies.
Ifw up. Kverythimr at the right price at
SMITHS" CASH STORE. 25 and 27 Market.
C.'GAU^TTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. !£39 Polk ct.. San Francisco.
RAG rarpets wove to order and for sale, also
chenille-wove rues, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70S Flfth.Oakland.
A WOMAN on exr-.ibitiin. old and wrinkled on
me fide of f?<-e, oth*-r Bide made smooth and
youthful by expert medalist in charge. Call
N. T. Inyt. Df-rmatolo^y. 105 Ellis, r. 20-21 S. F.
KT.ECTRIC Hpht 111 every room— 'Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third «.. near Market: 700 rooms;
rSc to $1 £0 r*r night; $1 M to 16 per week;
free 'bus and bassrage to and from the ferry.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. J15 up: fine dress f=ults. 120 up; ele-
rant overcoats. $15 up. LF.ON LEMOS. 1117
Market Ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
YOUNG iran with pmall capital wishes to cor-
ro-p^nd v.ith working ladv about 25; object
matrimony. Box 4241, r- a H office.
WHITE TOaim-l iron bef.«. *lnele, three-quarter
rr double, ti 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
Ladles' and perts' cart-Afr clothing bought and
Fold. J. Silvernian. «S4 Folsom: tel.Folsom 1131.
LADIES' tailor mlts made to order: reasonable.
R KRAMER. Ladies' Tailor. 220 Powell st
TAILOR made suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
MlEfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupoct.
Dr. Dunton: diseases of men only; panitarium
<E9 Clay et. cor. Kearny. consultation free.
EPRIICG stvles Standard patterns now ready
"Dorr.eFtic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
Pr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3 ex-
cept Th. and Fat.; electrolysis: 17 years' exper.
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. E17 Market st
ALFREDUMS Esyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; SI: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: ?Sc: all .arursrists-
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to- 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
wirgery or delay from business, and no
- Falves for pale. Particulars, address Physl-
elan, box lS.vi. C«h office. S. F.. Cal.
HEAL ESTATB — COUNTRY — For Sale
BUT in Napa County: no droughts, no irrlga-
- tlon. no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa- County Vltlculturist." ¦ The W.
A. MACKIXPER CO... St. Helena. Cal.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy <anches.
chicken ranches and general ranches for rale
and to rent JOSEPH BAILIE. 7S9 Market
HOMESTEAD land-Get located on 160 acres.
Call bet. 6:30 and 8 p. m..-2U Fourth St.. r. 6.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write Tor
free »ct. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. CaL
i SACSALITO HEAL ESTATE.
1 FOR SALE or for rent— S3S50; Just completed;
g-room residence In the., choicest part for
view and sunshine: every convenience: strict-
ly- modern and built by day work; $400 cosh;
$30 the first month, payments decreasing
each month If desired; lot C0xl20 feet. DR.
CRUMPTON. Sausalito. or Albert Wllfcrd.
3009 Jackson St.. San Francisco, from 12 to 5.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$160— ROSS Valley lots, 25x160. near San An-
¦ selmo station. Apply 976 Jackson st. city.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A— PRINTED list of city and country prop-
1 ertv for exchange or sale on easy terms. Call
on 'MARION GRIFFIN. 71S; Market, by Call
ROO^FDR^HOrSEKlSEPIS
ELLIS, 825—3 furnished rooms complete ) | for
housekeeping; bath, Kas. • ¦ • ; :
FIFTH, 353— Furnished, housekeeping, ' two par-
lors. kitchen and bath, $20; also 3, $12; 3. $14.
FOURTH, 225 — 1 nice large housekeeping room;
¦ also simile rooms. ¦ .
OEAKY, 691— Nice furnished housekeeping
.- roomn; gas and coal, stoves; hot water; all
- conveniences; wash room; reasonable...
GLEN PARK ave., 22—3 furnished, rooms for
housekeeping. ¦ -. -. • v. ¦ • t ;
HAYES. 469— 2 nicely furnished front rooms;
use of kitchen If desired. ' -
HYDE, 299— Large sunny rooms; ¦will be fur-
. nished complete for housekpg.; other rooms.
HOWARD, 728— Newly furnished housekeeping
' rms.; reasonable; also single room, $6 month.
' OAK, 123 — For rent — Two housekeeping rooms,'
with hot and cold water; .'bath. ...
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large bay windoWi
$10; large room and kitchen, gas stove; $13.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15. up; reference.
POST. 223— Elegantly furnished front. sulta for
housekeeping. * v ¦ ¦ .
SECOND, 212— Well furnished housekeeping
rooms; also other rooms; reasonable. ¦
SILVER, 165, near 4th— 2 or 3 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap. '•" • ' • ,
SIXTH, 336— Nice sunny furn. front room and
kitchen for housekeeping in a private family.
VAN NESS, 400— Entire upper floor, 3 rooms
and bath; sunny NE. corner; elegantly fur-
• nished; gas. range; no children. .
VAN NESS. 232 — Housekeeping rooms complete. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn."
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, ' 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. -
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as . I ab going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant- ave. .. ,
A— MARKET, 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
$15 per month up; singles, $5 per month up.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 872— Large sunny room for one or two
¦ gentlemen; very reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 732— New, elegant rooms, suits and sin-
gle; $2.50 up weekly; tourists accommodated.
FOLSOM, 834— Large sunny furnished room;
running water; bath; private; $110 a week.
FOLSOM, 1123^ — Nice sunny front room. In pri-
vate family. : •
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk St.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn.;
Just opened; strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments; inspection Invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and .Taylor.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished*rooms $2 a week up; 85c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per day.
MIKNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week;,' transient.-
OAK, 526— Three or four sunny unfurnished
rooms; all modern conveniences; before 12 m.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 591—2 nicely furnished rooms,
suitable for one or two persons.
POLK. 603— Sunny suite and 2 other' rooms;
rent reasonable; running water and gas.
POLK, 1019. near Post— Furnished sunny alcove
room; kitchen; gas range.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8: month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN- Apartment House, 2S Eighth- St.;
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 332— The Ottlngton-Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap. . .
TAYLOR. 106— Light tunny bay-window suite;
reasonable; rooms from $4 to $35 per month;
transient, EOc. . ." . • \
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE "KINGSTON," il5 O'Farrell— New
house; newly furnished; transient. .
TURK, 32— Newly furnished rooms, from $150
to $3 per week. ' ¦ ' ¦ - 1
KOOBIS AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; ppoular rates. 807 California st. '
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
EDDY, 880, bet. Van Nes« and Franklin—
Handsomely furn. sunny rooms, with board.
HARRISON. 570— Rincon Hill; front parlor for
man and wife or two ladles; very reasonable;
with or without board; no housekeeping.
HARRISON, 570— Second "story; large room for
two ladles, with board. $10 week; use of bath,
piano and drawing-room.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn. ;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.-
IDEAL apartments; cozy suites with " bath,
private dining room; perfect illumination;
elex-ator service; if 'In town for the summer
¦ your stay will be one of comfort. Roanoke,
SOS Bush st.
OAK* 1907. cor. Cole, Panhandle of Park— New-
ly furnished rooms, with or without board.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or- single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nlshed sunny rooms, en suite ¦ and single,
with board. ;
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia St.. Mls-
elon warm belt— Good board; 'flne rooms;
reasonable rates; cars. pass the door.
PINE. 1006 (The Victor)— New management:
thoroughly renov.: gunny suites, with board.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, ¦ reliable;- take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
NOTICE^ — Abandoned children in- the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1900:
Elsie ¦ Harris, age 6 years;" Mary Kevill, age
; 8 years. . • s •
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country- PACIFIC ; COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery rt.. roomn 9-19: tel. B580.
SEWING MACHINES AKD SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes ~at~aN
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth st. ; ' phone Mint 16.
ALL kinds 'bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
paired : oppn even. : phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
. office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. : F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission 8t.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. . .- <
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.:- phone Jackson 281. ¦-¦
TYPEWRITERS * WD SUPPLIES. .
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
•ell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536. California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new 1 Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work -.In sight: ¦ CUTTER
TOWER CO.,* 302 Montgmry; tel. Black 4S85.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
BAN FRANCISCO.- June 1, 1901— Dissolution of
Co-partnership— The co-partnership heretofore
existing between E. HOELSCHER, EDMUND
SCHNUTENHAUS and LOUIS POCK WITZ,
doing business under the- firm name of WIL-
LIAM HOELSCHER & CO., has this day been
dissolved- by mutual -. consent. E. HOEL-
SCHER remains; EDMUND SCHNUTEN-
HAUS and LOUIS POCKWITZ. retire. All
' outstanding accounts will be collected and all
.. liabilities paid by E.' HOELSCHER.- The firm
¦will be continued under, the old name of WM '
HOELSCHER & CO. by the remaining part-
ner, E. , HOELSCHER. - . Tr -
' E. HOELSCHER.-: -•.
' ED. BCHNUTENHAUS. >:
LOUIS POCKWITZ. .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains lenve «na nrm tin* !• strrlw* ¦»¦
MAN ntASVlMVn.
(Main Line, Foot o( Market Street.)
Utxrm — • From May 28. 1301. — AKKtva
7:8»A Benidft, Snisiuj, Elmlra, YmbtU1%
- Bomsey and Sacramento 7i8fl?
" »30a SaTia, Woodland. Knights Landing,
,M»rT»f 111**. Urorill«.. 7:»-"»r
7>39a Atlantic ICxprew-Ogden and But 13:X3r
SiOtU Martluez, Sau Uamon, Vallejo. N»i>a,
Call»t«f » Mid 8aut» Kosa.. ....... «:23p
. Ss«*a KHes, Lathrsp. Stockton 1ii£»t
¦iOOa Nile*. . Mendota, Fresno, Hanford,
VismUa. PorterriUe 4:33y ¦
•« SO A Sha»ta Express— Dwria, Willlarras (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed
Bluff, PorUmd. 1i*a*
••SO* Sbii- Jose, LiTermore. Mtoekton, ¦ .
lone, 8«CTainmiti>, PlaeerrUlo, ¦¦ '
JlaryiiTilld, Cblco. lta<l lilull 4tSSp
• ¦JOa Omkdale, Chinese lYcaeniite). So- v
. ' nor*. Carters 4:S3r
9:00a Hajwaril, Nilrs aud Way Stations.. 1 1 JftiA
¦iOOaLos Anxeles Expre« — Martiuex.
Tracy, Latlirop, Stockton. Merced
fresno and Los Angeles .......... 7>>Sy
».»•* VallrJ... Martinez ami Way Stations »:33*
I «iO»ATho Overland Li mi ted— Oxdeo, D«n- . ¦ • '
ver. Oinaba. Chicago St.tap
tliO«P Sacramento Ki»er StoxmeM )3iO<>4
S:3Up Ilayirard. Niles and Way MUUona.. 7:u3p
tittr Ileuieia, Winters. Macramsnto.
WotHllaud. KulRhU Ijmdlng. *
MarysTiUa, OroTill*.... IO):33a
4i«l»p Martinez. Han lUnion. Vallejo,
Napa, (,'nIintoKa, .Santa Itosa..;... «'25\
4iQOr Nile*. LlTermoie. Stockton. Lo>li... 12 :i5?
4<:tur Hr.7wazd.Mles.Mau.lMe. LlTfrmora t*:ASA
4i30p Fort Cos-a, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton - 1Ui23a
S:WrTlM Owl Limited— franuo, TuUre.
BakersBelil. Hangus for Saubt Bar-
barm, Los Ansrles 8:33a
; >:«•? Martin* 2, Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
' • eexJ, Frjsno l*i»3p
S:O«p Yosemlte lXVtSr
¦ Bi2«rH<i« Orleans Expre«ii— Mendota, ¦,-:
Fresno, Bskenneid. Los Angelee,
D<miog, £1 Paso, New Orleans
»nd E»st 7^9%
8tO«p n»Tward, Nilonand .San Jose JtdW«
fa>O«r Vall«j» 11(354,
UiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogilen, Cheyenne. ¦ ~
Oinaba, Chicago 13s3^r
•:••? Orieutal Mati— Ogdan, DenTer,
Omaha, Chlea«a «iMf
7tOVr Oreu»" aud Ualifornla Ki|>ress,Hse>
' rajtieiit!., MuohvIIIb. llmhllizs. . ¦"-"'
l-ortliii..l. Vuget Mo.iml a...\ Kaai BiHSa ,
8i«r»p Baa Pablo. P»rt Costa. Martiaez '
and Way Stations ll.-.Vi*
tntOSe Vallrjo ltS.tr
.COAST LJNE (Narrow Mange).
(Foot of Market Street.) ',. --¦
1?<1»A 8anta Cruz Excursion to danta Cruz
and Princ pal Way SUtlons !S:05p
8il3*Nenrark,CViitoriilIi?,(5an.loin»,Ff!toii, ¦ ":'• ;'¦¦
' lJouldur Creek.Sauta Orus aud Way |
8Utl01.11 9>3«S>
tStISp Kewark Oentert ille. 8an Jose, New • "-..
Alniaiien, F1-U011, Itonlder Creek,
Santa Ciuz and rriucipal Way - '
SuUons :..t <•«»"•
4il.1p Newark. 3an Jose. Los Gatos {'jiU-atlt
CREEK ROUTE' FERRY.
rnaS;i rKUClSCO— Mt «f UuUl Strut (Sli? 8> —
17:15 9:00 11:00a.M. 1:03 3:09 6:18m.
rjomOilLAKB— f»ol •! Bmd»«j.— 1«:00 {8:00 tS:Q8
10:00*. m. 12:03 - 8:03 i:03 r.M.
'COAST IjINE (llroail «»njre). '
flhtrJ and Townsend Sts.)
«tlWA Ban Jose snd Way stations. «>3«t>
»T:«Oi Ha.n .IikkimI W»jr W*Oi«a...<.... l*aas>
. J7:^»a 5nr.vl*y Kxcnnion for San Jcra.
Pant* Cruz. PsdOc Grore and ¦
PriocipU Way Sutionn t9:30f
•iOOa Hah Jij.ic, Tres PIimis. ManU Cnu, j '
I'aaliic »l. .,»«•, raOinas. riin Lois ' ;
Obigpo kihI Principal intermediate
Stai.li.us. 4>lvp
1O::iOa Ssn Jrse and Wsy SUiions. 7»Z»r
/I»t3u* New Almatlen / 5:30p
I tfdUx Man Joae ami Way HUUous ........ SiUup
jVS: 1»P San Mateo. Uetlwuml. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ha.» .lose, .
Tres Pinoa. S»uU Crux. Saiiuas,
Monterey ami I'acillc GriiTa..'.... |IO:-I54 -
aiSOp fan.JoBMan.1 Way SUtlons ........ 8:Hoa
f4:inr Pan Jinn am! Principal Way SUtlons 1>:4»A
ISrOOrSan Jom>, Lcs Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations !»:•<»*
S>3Op (iitiiJnipainl Principal Way. StaMons - Si33a
¦ OiOUp RsdTro -J, Han Joca. GHrry. SaUnas, - ¦
* iranta Barbara, Ixm Aogfles...... 10:03*
•iOOp Del Monte, ilonterey, Pacific GrCTe,
, Lon poo 1O:»3*
ItJOr San Jose aud Way Stailons. ........ t*" o< »A
•ll:4Sp San Jose ami Way Stations.. .....„*¦. 7s30p '
' A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t aim.tay e«ce|itad. . . 1 Snndar only. '".
« Saturday only. " *" . /Tuesdays and Frldaym.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing: April- 28. 1901.
PROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
¦ AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. 8:30. *9:30, 11:00 a. m..
13:45. »U4S, S:l«. 4:15. 5:15. »«:15, 6:45 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:10 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •0:00. •10:00. 11:00. 11:39
a. m.. 12:43. n:30. 2:30. n:45. 5:00. «:00. 7:30
p. in. 11:00 a. m. does not ran to San Rafael
Sundays.
¦ Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentln. :*
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«5:25. «:27. 7:47. 8:36. 1O:1S
a. ro.. »12:25. 1:15. 220. »3:35. 4:40. 6:30 p/m. -
EXTRA TRIPS on ' Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and. 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. •8^)0. 9:45, n^OO a. m.; «U
m .. 1:00. 2:15. f.ZO. *:IO. •S^. «:45. 7:30. 10:1ft
p. m. ¦ . * ¦
Trains marked (•) start from San Quenttn. *
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEXK *DAYS-&:45. . «:43. 7^5. 8:53. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:4S. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. • . .
1 SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:li
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 6:00. 6:15. 7:15. 1»:TO p. m..
. THROUGH TRAINS.
,C:53 a. m. week days— Casadero and tray sta-
tions. ¦ •'J5K»« l J p !ttF J "*5(«B i '*<»**^ M W
1:15} p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and' way sta-
tion::. • •
5:15 d. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tnmalec and way stations. - '
S a. m. Btmdays— Cazadero and way . stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
rtatfozut. »,-• - '.-.>-,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
TU 8»oi«Uui ferry— Feel of Market St.
it-a«c«an ntAtt. ' '•¦ . " »«*ivt mm rtu*.
»:*?£££ week dats SIIpS:
8:00A.M. I ' fl2:15P. M.
9O0A.U. I ¦ , ld&r.u.
10*0 a. m. 1 .'" onvnivo . 3^0 P. M.
laop.K. » , . mo?.*.%
230 P. M.J ' ¦ (-7:10iMt.
• Fare. Sas*raaclsMteSaaBttsa«tetara.tt.«t V
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sansalito PeTty.
The Weekly Call.
$1 pei* Year*
The Dining Cars
Unexcelled |
On my recent eastern trip, I used the Burlington
Route from Denver "to'Chicago and return, and
it is with pleasure that I compliment you upon the
efficient service 'you offer the traveling public. I
consider your dining car service unexcelled, as
with other lines. W. J. Andrews,
Croker Building, San' Francisco. ;
rnJOmflTHFHi Through sleepers for Chicago via the Burlington Rout: leave San
jlBHW«KBi| Francisco dally. Tourist sleeper* Tuesdays and Thursdays. Infor-
Irtii \ri lOmifll marion, tickets and berths at —
88 1 Ull! I Html Ticket Office, 63 1 Market Street
l*"MsWWB W. D. Sanborn, General Agent San Francisco
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED
After June 3, end during the
summer, this train will run
semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:00 a. m. Mondays
and Thursdays, arriving at
Chicago 2:15 p. m. Thursdays
and Sundays. r
No other train compares
with it for beauty or perfec-
tion of service.
SANTA fE
CALIFORBU R0RTHWESTER5 RT.XO.
LESSEE ;
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 13:35.
3:30, 6:10, 6:20 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
¦ at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. • . - . . •
SUNDAYS-S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. 1:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:S&, 3:20. 11:10 a. m.; U:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:aa
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. IU. ' >
Leave ¦ J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. (April 23. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I «un- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. • 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. •« . 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
¦ - . Lytton. ¦
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Clovcrd&le. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! S:00 pml Hcpland 110:40 am[10:23 am
3:30 pmf 8:00 ami and Ukiah. I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am .. - 10:40 am 10:25 am
¦ I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
S:30 pm 6:C0 pm •. S:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 1 9:15 ami 8:40 am
- and . -I 1
6:10 pm! 5:C0 pm Glen Ellen. | 8:05 pmj «:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami . 110:40 am|10:2S am
8:30 pmf 8:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spinrga; at Fulton
for Altruria; at' Lytton for Lyttoa Springs: at
GeyservillQ for Skaegs Springs: at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers: at Holland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Spring's. Kelseyvllle. • Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Laksport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. • Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell*.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg;, West-
port, Usal, Willits, Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen' a, . Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
¦ Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . - .
On Sunday round trip - tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ' • • . - • ¦• •
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
H. C. WHITINO, - R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. j j Gen. Pass. Agt.;
Santa Fe trains-Daiiy
. . Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. '
• ". ' Local Llm'dlOvrrd Local
. ¦ • Mon.'&l •• '• -
Dally Thurs.j Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p | 4:20 p .
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
"Merced ... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15a
" Frepno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05a '.
••'Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Visatla ... 4:10 p .4:10 p 4:45 a
"Tulare ..*. 4:27p 4:27 p 5:05 a •
"Bak'rsflald 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30a ... .
" Kans's Cy 2:41a 7:3* a ?
"..Chicago 2:15 p 9:00pt. J .
a for morning; p for arternoon. *• 4" .'
9:00 a. m. train !• the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars nnri
Dininsr Cars through 'to Chioajro.- HtiSr
Car runs to Bnkersfleld for.accommi^iitlorj > j
'of local first-class passengers. No record- t '
class tickets are honored on/ this train' ',
Corresponding train arrives at 5:^ a. nT 1
Tuesday and Friday. . • ' ' \
4:20 p. ;m. is Stockton Local. Cnrrssos-d-- >
Ins: train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily ' *'••*!
8:C0 p. m.'is the Overland Express, wl'h l
through Palace and Tourist Signer* n-ii
Fret- - Recllnins « Chair cars: also i Pala^
Sleeper, whtclj cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
Bporsding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily
r 7:20 a. m. . Is Bakersfield Loral, stopping
-at all points in San Joaquin < Valley. Cot-
"£'££ dlr ! s ; i raln *rriv« at 8:40 a. m. daily
. Oiftses-841 Market • street and ' in Ferry
Der«t. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway^
- Opi.flno. * '-¦."-" ¦• - -\ , .
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABKTSTv Established
in 1*34 for the treatment of 1'rivHto
Diseases. Lmt Manhood. Debility or
diseasf weartngon hodr and mind anct
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when .
others (ail. .: Try him. * ('barges low.
«'itr«-« sranrjtntced. Call or write,
Dr. J. JF. ttlBBOX. sail Francisco, CaL ITHE fifth national convention of
railroad commissioners opened in
the Marble Hall of the Palace
Hotel yesterday * morning and
commenced business •with a dis
cussion on enlarging*! the membership,
which lasted Into the afternoon session.
Under the call State ofQcers charged
with the supervision of railroads were
requested to be present, and in that con
nection the status of Alva E. Taylor, as
sistant Attorney General of South Da
kota, who in that State is adviser to the
railroad commissioners, came up for dis
cussion. It was finally decided that^ his
position was merely advisory and so* he
was not entitled to membership.
A resolution providing that civil en
gineers connected with State Railroad
Commissions should be eligible 'to mem
bership was referred to the' committee
on organization . and programme. ,The
committee did not: include the engineers
As defined by the committee and ratified
by the convention, the membership will- in
clude the members of the Interstate Com
merce Commission, the secretary, assist
ant-secretary, and statistician of the In
terstate Commerce Commission, members
of the State Railroad Commissions or
their deputies, or, in . the absence of a
State railroad commission, such State of
ficers as are charged with the supervision
of railroads, and the secretaries or chief
clerks of railroad commissioners.- . The
representatives of the steam and street
railway accounting associations are-in
cluded as members ¦ with a voice in ; all
business, but with a vote only in- such
business as affects their own associations.
Also all former members of f the body
whose terms of office •may have expired
when it I made its report • on membership.
A minority report included the engineers,
but the majority report . prevailed: it
was decided- also -that statisticians of
State Railroad Commissions could :,. not
become members, J and neither could - rep
resentatives appointed by Governors : un
less they were eligible otherwise.' -
I" The report of the committee on classi
fication of operating and construction ex
penses of electric street railways was first
on the order of business. The report was
read- by Lavant M. Read of Vermont. The
substance of the report was a suggestion
that a committee be appointed to formu
late some plan of report from electrlo
reads by which the expenses could be seg
rej?8ted and classified. . .'
¦ The committee on grade crossings made
a report," which was read by Ashley W.
Cole of New York. It reviewed the.ef
forts of the various States to secure-cross
ings above or below the track line and of
the various schemes to assist or to compel
the railroads to put such crossings in.' The
advantages. in time saved, more apparent
on the suburban roads than on the main
lines, were commented upon, and figures
of expense in changing > crossings from
grade to above or below 'were submitted.
It was suggested that some uniform plan
for the elimination of ¦' all grade crossings
be adopted. The- law of- Connecticut,
which . requires that at least. . one : grade
crocsing in every sixty miles of track be
dene away with in each year, was cited
as an example of one way in which 1 the
evil could be abated. Grade crossing's were
condemned as a menace . to the - life . of
the passengers on the: train : and on .the
travelers on the crossing road; a .strain
uion the engineer and the train crew;*a
cause of needless delay and '• a source . of
expense , to railroads • . through . ' damage
suits, that might soon eat up the cost of a
proper crossing. • The subject was.thor
oughly discussed, ; but no' definite- action
was taken on any of the suggestions made
in the report except to adopt it. ¦ . . • -¦¦ ¦ :-•:
| A programme for the days the visitors
will spend in California was submitted by
the committee on ¦¦ arrangements and was
adopted by the convention. . It Includes a
Reports of Committees.
-The address of the chairman contained
three suggestions. He \ suggested that
some' afction bo tatoen to make uniform
the regulations governing £ grade cross
ings; that a committee on constitution
and by-laws be appointed, and that the
railroad commissioners : of - : Canada " and
Mexico be invited to send delegates - to
the convention at future sessions. The
suggestion regarding ' the committee on
constitution and by-laws > was acted upon
at. once, and - the chairman appointed
Charles A. Prouty, of the Interstate
Commerce Commission; Sam L. Rogers,
of North Carolina; "Robert P. Graham, of
Maryland ; . Isaac B. Brown, of Pennsyl
vania; ; W." G. Smith, of South Dakota;
E. G. Akers, of ¦Virginia, and Lavant M.
Read, of Vermont, to. form the commit
tee. It will report to this session of the
convention.
¦It was then that the discussion on mem
berBhip took place, and the reference of
the matter to the committee on organiz
ation , and programme. There was some
discussion bb to who should vote on the
question; but the • chairman, Cicero J.
Lindly, ruled that only those considered
eligible by the last convention, held in St.
Louis, could vote on the question of mem
bership. . • ¦
Charles S. Laumeister, Railroad Com:
missioner of • California, welcomed the
visitors to the city and State. James W.
Datta of Pennsylvania responded.
Discussion on Membership.
are made honorary members with a' voice
in all business, but with no vote. The
committee refused to include statisticians
of State, commissions, andan attempt to
make them eligible" by amending .the re
port-was voted down. . ,
;":,yerus; cures piles, or. J50* reward. \ For
sale by all druggists. ¦'.'¦, '~ : -.*'¦:¦
«The Missouri Paoific : limited'*
V The only route ; having through * sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis ' daily. Stop-overs • allowed : at ' Salt
Lake ¦ City. . For ' full information ask L»
M. Fletcher. 212 \ California street. " *
Emma V. Tyler", has been 'granted a di
vorce from Jacob Tyler, on the ground' of
cruelty. . Decrees j of divorce V were '¦: also
granted to Patrick \ Hassett \ : from : Julia
Hast-ett for cruelty, and ; Lauvina Cham
pagne » from Samuel ' Champagne I f or . ; will
ful 1 neglect. Suits for divorce were 'filed
yesterday by Sarah I. Page against Daniel
W. Page for cruelty, Alena' Spier against
IIarry-S^»ier for, failure^ to provide.' and
Adeline Scudder against William Scudder
¦for .cruelty. -
In the Divorce Court.
P. C. Kelly, Assignee, 773 Market St.,
Will start his great 'Clothing Sale [to-day
at. 9 a. m. Come around. 2000 men's all
wool' suits, different^ shades and 'styles,
wf-rth $20,: for only $4.65 a suit. .: At the
Clothing Assignee Sale of the Boston, 773
Market street, near Fourth. • .
The settlement of the still unsettled liti
gation over the 1 estate of the late James
G. Fair was continued by Judge Troutt
yesterday . : until this morning.' at which
time Charles . I* " Fair's contest ' to deced
ent's r :. will -¦ will be dismissed. - Plerson &
Mitchell. '-. attorneys for the executors of
decedent's will, filed a petition for attor
neys' fees, in, which a detailed statement
of services rendered Is set forth. The In
teresting • feature of - the . petition is the
list of contests .which •-, have been insti
tuted to the decedent's - will and . alleged
wills. Contests ; to • these * wills, " prior to
the admission of the I genuine will to pro
bate, were filed by C: L.: Fair," Mark Lev
ingston,: Board' of School . Teachers', Re
tirement Fund : Commissioners, Margaret
J.*Crothers,' James, S. Angus. , Nettie R.
Craven'and Herman Oelricns Jr. ."Various
contests to the petition for the probate of
the famous ; "pencil : will"-- were also filed.
Fair Cos© Goes Over.
Some of the handsomest styles In pic
ture frames are finished -nowadays In
gilt lacquers and gilt bronze* lacquered
with burnished gold ornaments. They can
bo i purchased * at about half the price of
genuine gold frames and are just as beau
tiful; not as durable, therefore not quite
as good as gold. Many of the very latest
shapes and styles are finished In ¦ this
manner.' Our shop is ' full • of the very
best help • and all orders "turned out
promptly. ' Sanborn, Vail & Co.,' 741 Mar
ket street. . ; V . •
Not as Good &a Gold.
rine - around the city this morning and a
session of the convention this afternoon.
To-morrow will be given up to the con
.ventlon. - Saturday there will be a bay
excursion, ending at Sausalito, where the
.visitors will take the cars for the top of
Mount Tamalpals. There will be a ban
quet in the evening. On Sunday at 8 a. m.
the delegates will leave for Stanford Uni
versity, where" they will spend two hours,
and Monterey, where they will take the
seventeen-mile drive Sunday afternoon.
Monday morning they will leave for Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles, arriving in Los
Angeles at 6 in the evening. Tuesday they
will make a trip to Santa Monica and on
their return to Los Angeles that afternoon
they will be given a reception by the
Chamber of Commerce. Wednesday they
will start for San Diego, by way of the
kite- shaped track. Thursday they will
spend in San Diego and Friday they will
be in Los Angeles aealn. from where they
will take a trip to San Pedro and over to
Catalina. Saturday they will reach Port
Costa on -the way north, without a pause
at San Francisco. The run . north »will
bring them to Portland on June 17. It was
hoped to s find time to make a trip to the
Yosemite, but it was found to be impos
sible. '¦ ' , K
. Delegates to Convention.
\ The delegates in attendance at the con
vention yesterday are : . .
Alabama-John V. Smith, president.
California— E. B. Kdson, C. 8. Laumelrter, N.
Blackstock, W. T. Sesnon. S - . ¦
Colorado— George M. Poet. Assistant Attorney
General and Board of Equalization.
¦ Georgia— J..D. Massey. secretary. •'¦ -
llllnols-Clcero J, • Undly, James McKlnney,
"William Kilpatrick. Frank G. Ewald. .
Iowa— James N. Neville, attorney for board;
Dwight Nl Lewis, secretary. . .
Louisiana— W.: M. Barrow.
Maine— Benjamin F. Chadbourne.
Maryland— Robert P.. Graham, Tax Commis
" Massachusetts— George W. Bishop. F.
Swain. ¦ . .
Michigan— M. F. Hadrich.
Minnesota— Charles ; F. Staples, A. K. Tles
bergr, , Thomas Napp. \
¦ Missouri— T. J. Hennessey.
- Nevada— Eugene Howell, Secretary of .State.
New -York— Ashley W. Cole.
- North Carolina— Franklin McNeill, Samuel I*
2* Rogers, D. H.-Abbott. ¦¦ ¦•¦.-_ _
North Dakota— >J.- J.* Youngblood, C. C Ham
mond.- ¦ * r~ -r-
Ohio-B: H. Archer, acting commiBSloner;
Ov M. Evans. . . • ¦ • • : ¦ ¦¦ •
-¦¦ • Pennsylvania— James '- "WV Latta, Isaao B.
Brown, Superintendent Bureau of Railways.
- South'Dakota—W.G. Smith, F..I> Coca Jr.;
Alexander Klrkpatrlck, W. • Frank
Alva E. Taylor. Assistant Attorney. General.
¦ South Carolina— J. CWilborn, J. H. Whar-
Tenn'essee— Frank Avont.
Vermont— Lavant M. Read..
Virglnia-E. G. Akers, • #ecretary. ¦
• .Wisconsin— Graham . L. -Rice, commissioner.
t Wyoming— Grant . Le .Roy.
Interstate Commerce Commission— Charles A.
Prouty, Edward A. • Moseley, W. H. Connolly,
Charles Bingham. * V ¦• ¦• ' •• v
-Association of American Railway Accounting
Of flcers-C. I. Sturgls, • E. G. Benson, C. J.
Wilder. ¦.•-;•-¦. * . r ;.\V_.
' Street " Railway ¦ Accountants' Association of
America— F. F. Smith, H. C. Mackay, C. M.
Duffy. . - . ¦ . ¦ . ' ,
Pacific Mail to Be Sued.
Customs Collector (! Stratton notified
United States District Attorney Wood
worth yesterday of the escape of three
Chinese immigrant passengers from the
steamer Coptic last month, and recom
mended that proceedings be instituted
against the Pacific Mall Steamship^ Com
pany. The first escaped May 13, the sec
ond May 15 and the third on May 17,
while the vessel was lying at the dock.
The penalty in the case of the master of
a vessel knowingly allowing a Chinese
immigrant to escape is a fine of $500 for
each immigrant so escaping. Mr. Wood
worth will file the complaint to-day. •' .
The Crystal Sot Sea Baths.
Tubs and swimming. Best tonic for
nervous and bodily exhaustion. Bay
street, near Powell. •
-Sheriff Hall of Plumas County has been
in the city for a day or two and he took
charge of the young wife.. He will* take
her back to her home when he leaves this
morning with Stamm. . She Is «.. quiet,
simple looking country girl and believes
implicitly in the Innocence of, her hus
band. - - « tvr.; '."
Stamm la accused of committing the
hcld-up of John Welch, station agent for
the . Sierra Valley Railway at Clairville,
Plumas County. On the night of May
25 a man knocked at the door of the sta
tion house, where. Welch was sleeping,
and In answer to Welch's inquiry said
that he wanted to use the telephone to
call up a doctor, as his partner was sick.
Welch opened the door and was confront
ed - by a masked man with i a revolver in
his ; hand. He compelled Welch to open
the safe and hand him $200. all the money
that was in it. - Part of it belonged to the
Wells-Farg-o Company, Welch also acting
as agent for them.
'Detective Hume of Wells-Fargo, who
has been working on the case, claims that
Stamm is the robber. He says he has
traced his movements since . May 23.
Stamm, be says, left San Francisco on
that day for Truckee. On the . following
day he ( hired a rig there and drove to
within four miles west of Clairville,
where he camped in the ' brush till the
evening of May 25. "; He cut the telephone
wires and drove to a point about one mile
east of Clairville, where he also cut the
telephone wires. He drove back to within
half a mile of Clairville, hitched his horse
and walked into town, where he held up
Welch. He drove back to Truckee, ar
riving May 26 and leaving at 2 o'clock the
next morning on the west-bound train for
Oroville. May 28 he hired a team at Oro
ville and drove to Quincy, Plumas Coun
ty, reaching there May 29. The following
day he was married by the minlater, of
the Methodist Episcopal church to "Pet"
Shlnn, the young daughter of < a ; miner
living about five miles from Quincy. That
evening with his bride he left for Oro
ville, arriving there on May 31.. June 2
he left i Orovllle with his bride for this
city, stopping off at Sacramento. All this
is the detective's statement.
Stamm denies his guilt and claims that
he will be able to prove an alibf. but De
tective Hume is just as positive that he
Is the right man. Hume measured
Stamm" s feet in the prison, as marks of
footsteps were discovered after. the rob
bery leading from the station house to a
buggy, and Starom's feet correspond with
the marks according to size. '
Edward J. Stamm. a miner's laborer,
about 40 years of age, was arrested on
Market street, near Grant avenue, yes
terday morning by Detectives Whittaker
and McMahon and locked up at the City
Prison. . His bride of a week was . with
him at the time and she accompanied him
to the. prison.
Edward J. Stamm Is
Accused of Robbery
at Clairville.
ARRESTED WHILE
ON BRIDAL TOUR
At a meeting of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, held yesterday af
ternoon, the following new members were
elected: The Alden Anderson Fruit Com
pany; Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Com
pany; William Bateman: Bauer Lamp
and Reflector Company; Charles R.
Bishop; Burnell & Co.; California ;Baiket
Works; California Bellows Manufactur
ing -Company; California v Chemical
Works; California Lumber and Milling
Company; Consumers' Ice Company;
Dyer Brothers; Gas Consumers' Associa
tion of the United States: Golden Gate
Packing ; Company; Herring-Hall-Marvin
Safe Company; Hickmott Asparagus Can->
nlng Company; Home Oil Company; E.
W. Hopkins; Kern River Oil Company;
Monte Cristo Oil and Develooment Com
pany; Pacific Gas ¦ Improvement Com
pany: Pacific Mail Steamship Company;
Schulz, MartlnelH. Luhman Company;
Sampson Tarns: He /id -. Woerner (es
tate of). • •
Meets Many New Members.
Mr. Johnston spoke at length and li
affectionate eulogy of the late-' Queen':
goodness and her strong character am
great wisdom in affairs of state.
Mr. Johnston said by way of introduce
tion that he appeared in the true spirit oi
Englishmen— to help out In : time oi
trouble. He explained that he did noi
consent to speak in any sense as a sub.
stitute for General Barnes.
address also," said Mr. Harrison. "One
before he was to have spoken, but he dl<
not arrive. He is not here to-night an<
he • will not be here. Why, I cannot ex
plain. I did Intend to apologize to .. yoi
for. the general's absence, ' but .on secom
thought I do not think that any apologr
is due either to tho general for this smal
audience or to you for his absence, be
cause the srentleman who will take Gen
eral Barnes' place Is as capable aoid li
many respects more ; so than Genera
Barnes of taking the duties that Genera
Barnes was to be honored In performing
Ho has not seen bis privilege. We bav
an English gentleman, an ex-member o
the British Parliament, who will dis
charge his duty, and he is here. The eu
logy on - the Queen will bo delivered j b<
Mr. Digby Johnston, and I am sure yoi
will' be delighted with that eulogy, al
though he has had but a few hours li
¦which to prepare it."
"General Barnes was to have given
General . Barnes , was on the program m
of the British and American Union one
before and was advertised as the star o
the occasion. With characteristic uncon
cern the general did not attend the meet
ing, and sent no excuses. Last night h
was to have delivered a eulogy on th
Queen at a concert . at Metropolitan
Temple given under the auspices of th
British and American Union and again h
was "conspicuous by his absence."
John Hays Hammond also was to hav
spoken, but he, was called to Ne^
York on business. Mr. Harrison presente<
his apology, -
William Greer Harrison had something
to say about General "W. H. L. Barnes las'
night, and he said it right out In school
with a biting emphasis that fairly mad<
the entwined British and American flags
at Metropolitan Temple flutter and thai
set the audience of British-born people t<
cheering with a heartiness that spoke oj
popularity departed, so far as the silver
tongued general Is concerned. i •
Orator Is in Disfavor With
British and American ,
Union. . "
Peppery Words Because
Barnes Fails to
Appear.
GREER HARRISON
GETS INDIGNANT
THE SAN FRANUISUU; CALL, THD
GRADE CROSSINGS AND STREET RAILWAYS TOPICS
OF DISCUSSION BY THE RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS
12
SOME OF THOSE PROMINENT IN
THE CONVENTION . OI» BAIL
ROAD COMMISSIONERS.
AP VKRT1S KMKNT3.
On Sale To-Day
Women's Overskirts.
Made of good grass linen, *% » H
just the thing- for the coun- J L A
try; 65c quality. To-day _jn||
* HEAVY CRASH OVER- a w
SKIRTS, cut full; .regular DkA
price J1.00. To-day.... 1)31!'
COVERT CLOTH OVER- ¦**¦
SKIRTS, all colors; worth.fkA'
$L25. To-day..................... f-JjIJ
FLOUNCED OVER.* P : '¦
SKIRTS, made of excellent QUA
cloths, cut extra wide; good 71 1 1 1 .
J1.50 value. On sale............ UVU
CRASH UNDERSKIRTS, m W* v
accordion plaited; £ regular 1% 1 1 A
price 98c To-day...............; *1 II ¦?
On Sale Tp-Day.
Women's Wrappers.
Made of beat percale, beautifully trim-
med, waist and ¦< sleeves gh 4 I *¦
lined : all colors: sizes 32 to V I Ik
46; worth »2.00. To-day. - an) I I H
Specials Taken at Random.
.WOMEN'S SHAKER BONNETS,: all
* : col o ra .......;. .....25c
CHILDREN'S LAWN 'HATS, nicely
-j trimmed ¦ .....:...;...... .....35c
WOMEN'S GINGHAM APRONS: lOc
BOYS' WHITE LAWN SAILOR
¦ BLOUSE WAISTS, • trimmed with
embroidery. . :T.T:v. : ..:.... .\ ..... . .35c
Eni^roidery ISale Still On^
WE CLOSE AT 6 d'CLOCK.
1212-1214: MARKET ST.,
.' Bet." Taylor and Jones. ¦
DR;MCNIILro
; WELL-KNOWN AND BRLIABLE OLD
I Specialist extras Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Stricture. Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. .Book on Diseases of Men, free.
: OYerM»years>xper!ence. Terms reasonable. Hoars,
• toSdally ;6:30to8.30pv'gs. Bandars, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and aacredly confidential. Can or addresa
: : *p. boscob Mcnulty. m;d. v -
X*X Kemrny 8t^ t»aa JFronclaco, Cap
"* — — ¦ 1 fSfik-J^L4^— r 77/ ' A r Mrs. McCuln glve 3 J
GIBSON PILLOW I *SS£> m/ J&E3& "^K? free embroidery lea-
TOPS — Genuine 60c /M' /M/ (&Em* (&^&^P «^S 8On3 « ve rv day from
ones we are . selling I M/ Jm J^~__~_^^^^ 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 on
now for S9c. , I JJjf Z^tjUnn. /Mafl^^ the second floor.
y i in is m^^^i^bhwsL *^^^^^^^^^h.^^ *^ »^^"^^^™^"^ *"
/TV Notable v&fues/n . m _^
: S^ 1 Ap; {fared flounced pnefor^-SO
All- Wool Cheviot. Sklrt^-Made Cheviot Skirts— All wool, flared and
: with <W '».„«. »d «!— S^SS SS S
> .with I bands • of, taflFcta silk— lined tons.- These, too, are in black only.-
. thrqughout. They come in black - -They have a style and swing and
only— the skirt for run-about sum- finish that skirts at this price seldom
' , mer wear— our price now $4-SO '. have . . . * . . 1 '. .$6.75
TaItetaSnkSkirtsf^/45
Graduated flounces arid ft <t 'fled w
' This is a beauty— full of style, made by New York's most skillful dress-
makers. The silk is a heavy guaranteed quality, such as you have never yet
found in skirts under. $10.00. It is trimmed with a graduated flounce, ruf-
fles, and, edged with frilled taffeta ribbon. •
(*^WometisRibbedVnde£vrear
\™y Vests ;or Pants-tiedium weight* Hit-
This is a remarkable offer and should meet with hearty response to-day.
The garments are up to our usual standard of quality. The vests have long
sleeves, gusseted arms and pearl buttons, and the pants are ankle length
with French yoke bands and wide laps — very elastic — the seams. are all cov-
ered throughout. Plenty of , all sizes 4-5-6, either" cream j or white.
21c a Garment or 42c a suit.
\^ Other Stirrii&.Notion Offers.-
These dress shields are numbers 2 and 3, made of stockinet, the kind that
sell in the usual way for 10c. We bought two gross for this summer sale at
5c a pair. •
Adjustable Collar Form — "THE Dress Form-"LA FRANCE," maa« of
QUEEN," no pJns or no hooks re- English hair cloth and filled with hair
, quired; they fit perfectly around the bo they do not crush— having 1 double
neck— any width or size required— 10c. pad. they fit perfectly. At notion coun-
• • ter, 75 cents each.
Pad Bustle— "THE PARISIAN." just Garter Elastic— Six gross of quarter-
, the correct-size over which the dress inch fancy frilled and comes In black.
iits perfectly— come In black or white pink, blue, cardinal and lavender. Dur-
—25 cents each. . | f n g this summer sale, 7% cents yard.
S1 w^°u\!ote fanc * *» Ued •*•«*_
<^^^^ m QtSt€wKettlest2dnvsith
-l^^^nrndegf first Qumy5tccl[timelmleCZ^
, 600 them. Just the size and just the quality most good housekeepers
need: We want more housewives to get their kitchen supplies here. That's
why we carry such a big stock and ask such little prices. .
SPECIALSALEI
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATUBDAY
THE PUREST AND BEST OB" EVERT-
THINO IN THE GROCERT LINK
GRAPE-HUTS, 2 pigs....: 25c
A brain and nerve food.
Regu&rly 15c a package.
SARDIHES, FrencM tins. ..... .25c
- Small flah in pure olive oil.,-
Regularly I0o a tin.
MAPLE SUGAR, lb .....15c
Guaranteed pure—
• 5? ake your own maple lyrap.
Regularly 20c. ,
Potted Chicken and Turkey, 3 tins.25o
BJUJ>VH BRUDT,- tiot -. . . .TBc
vintage is*. Gallon... $3.5O
Regularly n.23 and 13.00.
WI5D0W SCREEKS—^aJ >&?
. ' "The I>ader." Made from best material
• and lit all wlndowa perfectly. "»«"**
Regularly 20c. 40c and 50c.
LAUHDRY SOAP, 7 cakes 25c
This . ia our Ideal brand— nothing better
made. Regularly six cakes 25c
PHILLIPS' COCOA, Mb can...... 30c
CIGARS. . .-.8 for 25c; box of 50, $1.60
"Santa Rita"; a long filler cigar, thre—
rourtn Havana and one-fourth Little Dutca
. tobacco.
C0U5TRT OHDEBS BPE CULLY SOLICIT*!)
OATALOSUB TRES.
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market.
• MAIN 5523.
? The J. Noonan Furniture Co. (Inc.) (
SIDEBOARD $22. SO.
Bolld Oak Sideboards, with flso French I
plats glass mirrore, all sizes, all prices. I
' You »r» ' anra> to be suited here. Housa . '
furnishing - goods of every description, to ' ,
furnish your house from kitchen to draw-
lnK-room complete.- A3 wo pay no rent. ,
you are the gainer thereby, for we glv«
you the benefit and the profit. **lne goods
at low Csrures Is our motto. It's a good I
one too. for it brings constantly lncreas- I
lnir business. Come In and see for tout- I
self. Just off Market st. . y'
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY/
, ¦ ¦ - . , ,
' 10 1 7- IO23 Mission Street. <
Abore Sixth. ' San ¦ Francisco. , '
1 We close at S p. m. every day but Saturday. ' j
I "MN VROOM" I
I 1001 MARKED ST., Cor. 6th. * 1
Weekly CaD,$l;00 per.Year
f Step Through fV|
B '%i~/' M I out, having your feet de- (4> / / H
H m F fortable .¦ fpotwear. - ' Parents ! ¦ J^^^^ M
It w are ** ttC( * our orthooedic :. A '-^^^y*^^TijB
H H shaped shoes for children. jT" ¦•"'/' . Mk
B most comfortable made being 1 M I
g 'effecting the true, natural de- jy[ / S