• The House was In session from, 2 to 6
o'clock this afternoon and this , evening
from 8 o'clock it worked on Into the night
to dispose of the conference reports which
crowded In upon it. Everybody. was" at
high tension, and it required only a spark
to Create* a scene. No sensational! inci
dent, such as usually enlivens the clos
ing hours, had occurred, however, up to
midnight. The galleries were* packed to
the doors ail day and evening -with in
auguration visitors. -.; The ' confusion :and
din on the floor, with the Speaker's gavel
among them being that to promote the
safety of railway employes.
¦ There was a big fight In the afternoon
over the Senate amendment to th© sun
dry civil bill, which linked together the
fate of the St Louis, Buffalo and Charles
ton exposition appropriations. Chairman,
Cannon of the Appropriation Committee
led - the fight against' them and defeated.
a motion to concur. A resolution to ap
point a special committee of seven mem
bers I to .visit Porto Rico, Cuba . and . the
Philippines - and . report . upon , . conditions
raised:'a cry of "Junketing trip," and was
going incessantly to preserve a semblance
of order, must have made the proceedings
unlntelllgble to them. .
A conference report on the general defl
ciency bill was agreed to without com
ment. During the afternoon and evening
the Senate passed a large number of bills.
After a spirited flght,, both' In confer
ence and on the floor of the Senate, the
final conference report on the naval ap
propiatlon bill was" agreed to, the Senate
receding from the one contested amend
ment authorizing the construction of
three additional Holland 'submarine tor
pedo boats. " -/¦¦!
auguration ceremonies and by reason of
important business, there was a large at
tendance of Senators.
WASHINGTON, March 3.-Th©
first Sunday session of the
Fifty-sixth Congress was
held by the Senate to-day. It
will not appear in the . Con
gressional Record as a session of Sun
day, as the Senate is working under the
legislative day of Saturday and will con
tinue so to work until the session shall
be declared adjourned finally at noon to
morrow.
To-day's session began at 3 o'clock, the
Senate having been In recess since 10:30
o'clock last night. The galleries were
packed with people hero to attend the in-
Vigorous Debates on the Conference Reports Enliven the Day's Session and a Number of Important
Measures Will Soon Have Places on the- Law Books.
debated at Intervals while conference re
ports were not before the House. ,/ ;
DENTTNCIATTON BY HEPBTTRN.
Representative ' Hakes Passionate
Speech on River and Harbor Bill. .
WASHINGTON, March 3.— The House
resumed its session at 2 o'clock this after
noon, with the i galleries packed to the
doors with Inauguration visitors.
Grosvenor of Ohio, of the Committee on
Rules, presented a special order provid
ing,, that after ten minutes' debate It
should be In order to move concurrence In
LAWMAKERS OF THE NATION HURRY THEIR DELIBERATIONS
AND CROWDS GATHER FOR CLOSING HOURS OF CONGRESS
a Public gambling is a great evil leadingto poverty, disgrace, defal
cation and death" — Mayor PJielan, January 8, 1000. ~* W&S.
" We ought to permit racing as a dissipation. We should give gam
blers an opportunity to pick the pockets of the people."— Mayor Phelan,
".owing order: Claudio Vicuna. Fernando
Lascano and Augusto Matte, The first
earned headed all ballots.
Chilean Presidential Aspirants.
VALPARAISO, Chile. March 3.— The
Chilean Presidential Convention to-day
6elected candidates by ballot in the fol-
Spain's Minister of Finance Will Un
dertake the Task of Beorganiz
lng>the Government Body.
MADRID. March 2.-Senor Villevarde.
who Is Minister of Finance In the Sllvebi
Cabinet, has agreed, after consulting with
Scnor Ellvela. to undertake the formation
of a. Cabinet. He will present a list of
proposed members to the Regent to-mor
row. •"
Queen Maria Christina received General
Azcarrara. the retiring Premier, at nooa
to-day, but he again declined to attempt
to organize a ministry.
VH.IXVABDE TSE MAN
FOE CABINET-MAKING
Seconds Arrive in Brussels and Con
fer With Agent of the Duke of
Orleans.
BRUSSELS, March 3. — Galll and Da
Montcffl, who arrived this morning to meet
Andrea Buffet, agent of the Duke of Or
leans, and to present him a challenge from
Paul Deroulede to fi=rfct a duel, owing to
M. Buffet's denial of the recent assertion
by M. Dcroulede at San Sebastian that
the RcyaJIsts betrayed his attempted coup
on the occasion of the Faure funeral In
1E33. were In conference with Buffet this
afternoon.
The seconds will decide If there Is
ground for a dueL If their decision Is in
the affirmative they will nx the place cf
meeting.
DEBOULEDE IN A HT7RBY
TO FIGHT THE DUEL
Distinguished Prelate Grants a Dis
pensation to th? Future Wife of
the English. Marquis.
Special Cab!» to The Call «.nd SJewTortc Her
ald. Cojnrrtsfat, 1901. by the Herald Pub
lifhir.ir Company.
LONDON. March 3.— The Gaiety
Tfceater has been crowded e\-ery evening
with Eirarf people anxious to see the
future Lady Hcadfort make her farewell
appearances as Maisie in "The Messenger
Bey." for. In spite of everything, as al
ready reported, the Marquis O f Headfort
declares he will marry Miss Rosie Boote.
Cardinal Vaughn has given the forth
oorr.ir.gr bride a dispensation to marry, for
6p may not b» known, she is a Roman
Catholic, while Lord Headfort is a Pro
tPFtant.
It was noticed last night that Miss
Boote was wearing a long rope cf coral
beads from which depended a large dia
mond heart. The people in the stalls.
¦with their opera glasses. ¦ were able to
tr.nke out on the reverse fide' of the orna
ment a portrait of Lord Headfort in uni
form-
HEADFORTS BETEOTHED
HAS CARDINAI/S CONSENT
HAVANA. March 3— Unless there is a
radical change of sentiment during the
r.ext few days airong members of the
Cuban Constitutional Convention the be
lief Is general that no material change
•vri'l be made in the constitution already
adopted and sent to Governor General
"Wood for transmission to Washington.
The convention has no knowledge other
than that obtained from press reports of
tJ)e resolutions adopt«»<l by Congress de
rr.&rA'.r.z tnat conditions be embodied in
the Cuban constitution. Nothing has
tp^n receive*! from the President.
Senor Cisr.eros tn^Jay Faid there was
ttrorjr ff-^'.ire among a majority of the
delepates. who thronter.**! to resign In a
body if the lr.eertirn of the Congressional
dejr.ands in the constitution' were Insisted
ujv>n. He *Volared the delegates were
more f>-day in their attitude
ty an lmmer.5* popular demonstration
last night. In which w^re represented all
political parties, excepting the Union
Democratic party. AJthouph not display
ing hostility to the United States, the
gatherir.p pave its unqualified approval to
the entire- proo^ed'.r.ps of the convention.
To accept dictation n«w from the Ameri
can Government, it was declared, would
Ftultify the Cubans.
Personally Senor Clsneros deprecated
the proposed resignations. He has gath
ered around him the nucleus of the more
advanced thinkers of the convention in
crder to prevent the chaos which would
follow, now that the American Congress
is about to adjourn, should there b« no
responsible legal body here to receive the
constitution when it Is returned by Pres
ident McKirJey.
Although he pronounced the situation
critical, he eziZr elf hope had not ; be*n
lort of ejecting a settlement satisfactory
to the United States and the Cubans". His
followers are laboring to keep the conven
tion together until such an agreement is
reached or its impracticability is denion-
Ftrated, thus forcing the Cubans to the
wall.
The present week promises sensational :
develorrnents.
Bpedal Cable to The Ca'.l and Ne^ Writ Her
ald. Copyright. 1501, by the Herald Pub
lishing Coicparr.
Convention May Resign
in a Body.
Delegates- to Constitutional
Size of the Parade.
The final estimate of the size of the In
augural parade as given out at military
headquarters to-night was: Military,
volunteer and tegular, 22,240: veteran or
ganizations. 12,000; civic 'societies. 7S00.
Out of this number a total of about 17,500
arrivals bad been officially reported to
When the two Houses met during Vim
afternoon there was an added attraction
to the throng. Many of the visitors wers
ladles, the bright spring day bringing
them out in all their radiance of color and
costume. "With them mingled Jack tars
from the big monitor Puritan and ths
many other warships anchored In the Po-'
tomac, and troops of soldiers representing
the State organizations of all parts of th*
country- Seldom since the Civil War have
so many uniforms been seen at the Cap
itol. The Capitol police were instructed to
exercise every consideration for the via-
Itlng throngs and there was no disorder
and no arrests. -~\.
Early In the .day several hundred blue
coated soldiers from one of the near-by
States took possession of the House and
of the Capitol. The blouse was In recesa
until 2 p. m., but the emblem of legisla
tive authority, the mace, stood In position
as a warning that the dignity cf th©
House must not be Invaded. But the sol
dier boys were oblivious to such congres
sional fictions. Before the weary door
keepers were aware of It the chamber
was In possession of several hundred, blue
coats. Some of them ascended to the
Speaker's rostrum and hammered for or
der. Others occupied the seata of mem
bers and for the ttxne being the Coor of
the House of Representatives, for the first
time In Its history, presented a completely
martial aspect. The soldiers were- after
souvenirs and some of them got them, to
the discomfiture of members. The of&cers
of the House finally came on the scens
and expelled the intruders.
Soldiers Invade the Souse.
The soldiers and visitors swarmed about
the capitol building where the legislators
were struggling with the remnants of
Congressional work. Throughout the day
and well Into the night they paced ths
Capitol corridors. To-morrow all the door»
will be closed except to those holding tick
ets of admission. But to-day everything
was open to the public. It Is not often
that the Sabbath calm of the buildings .»
disturbed by such a popular Invasion.
The Porto Rlcan contingent. In sombre
ros and tereador jackets mixed with the
Jackles of the naval contingent, and tha
lighter blue of the National Guard was
everywhere In a large majority. There
were not lacking strange combinations of
uniform that distinguished several of the
crack volunteer cavalry trrops. while tha
variety among the members of the varl
ous civic marching: clubs was almost end
less.
The crowd had a distinctly holiday air
on the street. The weather was mild
enough to permit a large display of fem
inine finery, and this, with tha mixture of
uniforms, gave the streets In the fash
ionable section of the Northwest much tha
appearance of an Easter Sunday parade.
Seldom has an inaugural gathering
brought out such an assortment of uni
forms as were met on every streetcar and
every street corner,. The dark blue serv
ice uniforms were relieved by the red
caps and facings of the artillery and th©
yellow of the cavalry.
Like an Easter Sunday.
Inauguration eve was a quiet one, but *
crowded Sunday. The weather opened
threatening with a southeast wind and a
clouded sky, b'it toward noon It cleared'
and the sun set fair, with every Indica
tion of a good day to follow. From early
morning till toward midnight every street
in the downtown section was crowded.
The local churches kept open doors both
day and evening and were crowded with
worshipers at fvery service, many of the
visitors being In uniform and reminding
old residents of war time Sundays. In
the evening the theaters vied with the
churches In keeping open house and they
were equally well patronized. For such
as sought splrltous rather than spiritual
consolation there was a rather dry and
unprofitable time. The local Anti-Saloon
League had appointed a large vigilance
committee to see that the Sunday closing
law was enforced, and their efforts met
with considerable success. There was but
little sign of drunkenness on the streets.
The militiamen, who usually furnish a
good natured but rather turbulent ele
ment at Inaugurations, were dry and
decorous and up to a late hour there had
not teen the name cf a slnarle regular
entered upon the blotter at the station
house.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— When th©
sun set upon the national capital to-day
everything that human effort could do to
make the second McKlnley Inauguration
a success had been done. A majority of
the- troops and civic organizations were
already In the city and safely quartered.
Some thousands more were on the vari
ous railroads hurrying toward Washing
ton, and the Weather Bureau predicted
"fair weather for March 4," In a special
bulletin issued by Its chief. Professor
Moore.
Balmy Weather Is Forecast
lor To-Day's Inaugural
Ceremonies.
The Capital in Pos
session of Holiday
Throng. '
WASHINGTON'S
STREETS CAY
WITH COLOR
Threaten to Revolt 11
the Conditions Are
Enforced.
CUBANS RACE
OVER ACTION
OF CONGRESS
PRICE FIVE CENTSr
VOLUME LXXX1X-NO. 94.
SAN FRANCISCO, 31ONDAY, MARCH 4, 1901.
LEST HE FORGET— LEST HE FORGET!
Continued on Second Page.
The San Francisco Call.WASHINGTON, Mar. 3.— The Weather
Bureau to-night gave out the -following:
WASHINGTON'. March 3 (9 .3D p. m.).
To Mr. John O. Ertson. Chairman Inaugural
Committee — Dear Sir: The weather to-morrow,
Monday. March 4. will be th« finest ever ex
perienced on the inauguration of a President.
The »ky surely will be rlear and the temperature
warm and balmy— a fit meteorological climax
to the magniflcent work done by yourself and
rour ab!e assistants. Sincerely yours.
"WILAJS "U MOORE,
Chief T'nlted States Weather Bureau.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— Vice Presi
dent-elect Roosevelt put In a busy Sun
day preceding his Inauguration. He is
staying at the home of his slater. Mrs.
Cowles, wife of Commander Cowles of
the navy. After an early breakfast with
the family, Mr. and Mrs. Roosevelt at
tended morning service at the German
Reform Church. Mr. Roosevelt always
has been a member of the Dutch Reform
Church, following the practice of his fam
ily for many generaltlons past, but. aa
there Is no Dutch Reform congregation in
Washington, he has selected the German
Reform as the nearest approach to it and
will be an attendant at that church dur
ing his residence in Washington.
After the service Mr. and Mrs. Rooso
velt called at the Executive Mansion and
paid their respects to President and Mrs.
McKinley. Returning to the Cowles homo
luncheon was served, at which, beside**
the family, there were present Senator
and Mrs. Lodge and Senator Kean of New-
Jersey. The early afternoon was devotecl
to recelvelng callers. Among them wero
Senator Hawley, Secretary of the Interior
Hltcncock. Justice White of the Supreme
Court and a number of the members of.
Colonpl Roosevelt's old regiment, whlca
happened to be In the city.
Later in the afternoon Mr. Roosevelt
made a few personal calls and returned
In time to attend a dinner given in hla
honor by Senator Depew. The guests at
the dinner were Vice President-elect and
Mrs. Roosevelt, secretary of "War and
Mrs. Root. Senator and Mrs. Lodge. Sena
tor and Mrs. Hanna. Senator and Mrs.
Elklns, Major General and the Hon. Mrs.
Eaton of London. Mrs. Sheridan. General
and Mrs. Frand3 V. Green, Mrs. Keno
chan. Commander and Mrs. Cowles, Lady
Cunard. Mrs. Paget, Mrs. Johnson. Fred
erick Harrison, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Cas
satt. Mrr-Van Allen, Senator Bacon and
Senator Daniels.
FINE WEATHER IS PROMISED.
¦WASHINGTON. March 3.— Th© follow
ing ara the various committees and their
chairmen that have charge of the inau
guration:
Inaugural — John Jay Edson.
Finance— Charles J. Bell.
Reception— General Nelson A. Miles.
Ballroom decorations— James Rush Marshal).
Transportation — Clarence F. Norment.
Parks and reviewing stands — John B,
Lamer.
Legislation— Aldis B. Browne.
Press— General H. V. Boynton.
Souvenirs and tickets— John B. Wl*rht.
Medals and badgea—General EUla Spear.
Auditing— E. J. Stellwagen.
Public comfort— M. I. Weller.
Civic organizations— B. H. Warner.
Military organizations— General George It,
Harries.
Carriages — "William S. Enox.
Fireworks — Cuneo H. Rudolph!
Illumination— Choree Gibson.
Street decorations— Louis D. "Wine
Mu3lc— William H. Rapley.
Printing — Isador© Saks.
Banquet — John T. Devlne.
Public order— Richard Sylvester.
Comfort and ballroom— James E. BelL
Floor and promenade— Ralph Je:ikins, If. TX
ROOSEVEIiT'S BUSY SUNDAY.
CHAIRMEN OF COMMITTEES.
2 p. m.— Dedicatory concert. Pension Office,
In honor of the Congress of th» United States.
Marine band.
8 p. m.— Dedicatory concert. Pension Office.
In honor of the Vice President and Speaker
of the House of Representatives. Marine
band, and grand concert of 600 voices.
"Wednesday, Slarch. 6.
10:30 a. m.— Dedicatory concert, Pension *xy
tic*. In honor of the United States army,
Marina band.
• 2 p. m.— Dedicatory concert. Pension OfSe*.
In honor of tho United States navy. Marina
band.
8 p. m,— Dedicatory concert. Pension Office.
In honor of tho States of the Union. Marln*
band.
Tuesday, March. 5.
U noon— President McKlnley takes the oath
of office tn the presence of the assembled
multitude. Delivers Inaugural address.
1:30 p. m. — Inaugural parade mores from the
Capitol up Pennsylvania avenue. .
7:30 p. xa.— Illumination of the court of hon
or. In front of the White House.
7:<3 p. m.— Display of aerial fireworks from
Washington monument grounds.
•8- p. m. — Doors of Pension Office open for
reception of guests of the Inaugural ball.
9 p. m.— Inaugural ball opened by President
McKlnley.
11 a. in.— Gathering of high Government of
ficials, diplomats and specially Invited guests
In the United States Senate chamber.
11:50 a. m.— Inauguration of Theodore Roose
velt of New York as Vice President of the
United States. Ceremonies In tho Senate, at
tended by the President and a distinguished
company.'
Udonday, March 4.
"WASHINGTON. March 3.— The correct
ed time card for the official events for the
next three days was issued, as followsr
Virginia Republican league of "Washlnston.
J. N. Harrison commanding.
General Grant Republican Club. St. Denis,
Tt. L. Captain Thomas S!:n3 commaadlaT-
EVENTS OF THE THBEE DAY&
BRILLIANT WILL BE THE CEREMONIES OF THE INAUGURATION
The Evening Session. .
•'When the House reconvened at 8 o'clock
the discussion of the .resolution for the
appointment of a; special committee to
visit Porto Rico, Cuba and the Philippines
was resumed. Bailey of .Texas made an
earnest speech op the subject of the sit
uation in the Philippines. He urged the
adoption of the resolution as the best
means of securing information concern
ing the situation, there. "Williams of .Miss
issippi opposed the resolution, arguing
that it was certain that whatever report
the committee made would be a, political
one of no value in framing legislation.
The debate was interrupted by Burton,
chairman of the. River and Harbor Com
mittee, who presented a conference report
on the river and harbor bill agreeing to all
items except four. The report was adopt
ed, 134 to 25. -
A motion to confer in* the Brazos River
amendment was defeated by- . an over
whelming majority. The representatives
from the arid land States made an effort
to Induce the House to accept the Sioux
River and Wyoming', irrigation amend
ments, but the motion was -voted down
and the bill. sent back to conference. .
U Loud, chairman ; of the poptofflce . Com
mittee, presented another • disagreement
on the postomce appropriation ¦ bill • and
that bill, too, was sent' back r to . confer
ence. . . *.
"The conference report on the naval bill
Sherman of New York moved- to concur
with the St. Louis and Buffalo Items,
omitting the Charleston item. The Sher
man amendment was defeated without di
vision, and the sundry civil bill was there
upon sont back to conference. *
The coi.ference report on. the. deficiency
bill was concurred In, thus disposing of
that measure. .'.^¦.
t>alzell of Pennsylvania, from the-Com
mittee on Rules, -presented a resolution
for the appointment of. a special commit
tee of several members on Insular., af
fairs, not more than four of whom sha'l
be of one political party, to visit Cuba
Porto Rico and the Philippines and report
Opposition to a Junket.
Burton of Ohio, chairman tif * the -River
and Harbor Committee, then entered the
motion to ' non-concur in the Senate
amendments, and after a brief statement
the motion wa* adopted and the bill was
rent to conference. Burton of Ohio
Reeves of Illinois and Catchings of Mis
sissippi were appointed conferees.
Reeves of . Illinois, a member of the
River and Harbor Committee, resented
Hepburn 1 ? olurci thatr.Jhe individual
Hems in the*:/WlJ- could -not-^stand alone
upon their own merits. -Hei.said the blU
as It passed- the Houses-contained 3S9
items. The Senate, after investigation,
had rejected but. four of thenv The spe
cial order was adopted. '** • :.-•
the Senate amendments to th» river and
harbor bill and to. agree to the confer
ence aske-d for by the Senate.' Twenty
minutes* on a ?Ide- were allowed on tho
rule. No Democrat desired to speak, an-l
Richardson (ridded his time to Hepburn,
¦who aroused the House with a passionate
epeeoh denouncing the measure. He
taunted the Democrats for not opposing
Jt, Baying that the $00,000,000 carried by
the bill accounted for the^ack of opposi
tion. If the Democrats had .stood against
this .bill, he said, enough members on
his side of the House would have Joined
with them to defeat It. * * ¦ • «
Continued from First Page.
The motion provoked a lively debate.
Payne, the majority floor leader, was
particularly vigorous in opposition, de
claring that- he ; would rather see this
great 'appropriation bill fail,and an extra
session prtdpltated than" be '"held up" by
•tbxee appropriations. He denounced the
pHa that/ the Charleston appropriation
would cement the good feeling- between
the North and South, uaying that If loyai
ty had to be purchased at such a price it
was not worth having. On a rising vote
the. motion toconcur was defeated, 76 to
139. The House wasln an uproar on the
announcement of this result, and; many
membtra, sought - to' gain-' recognition.
As to Loyalty's Purchase.
upon the conditions there. "Some members
declared it to be a junket proposition.
• Debate, upon the resolution was Inter
rupted by Cannon, who presented a par
tial conference report upon the sundry
civil appropriation bill. The Items agree!
to comprised all the minor issues, leav
ing Ftlll In depute the items for the pur
chase of thft old Corcoran* Art Gallery In
this city, J332.OO0: the" appropriation tor
the memorial bridge across the Potomac
at "Washington; the payments' to Mex
ico of $412,000; the appropriations , for
the Buffalo, Charleston and. St. Louis ex
positions and the amendment touching
the Irrigation of arid lands. Separate
votes were demanded upon the various
amendments. The House refused to con
cur In the Irrigation amendments. Tap
amendment for $5,000,000 for a memorial
bridge was defeated. 65 to 116.
The conferees were instructed to insist
upon their disagreement to the amend
ment to increase the salaries of the Ap
praisers at Bbston and Philadelphia.
Alexander of New York moved to recedo
and concur in the Senate amendment car
ryjng. $6,000,e00 for the' Bt; Louis Exposi
tion, $500,000 for the Buffalo Exposition
and $250,000 for the Charleston Exposition
NATION'S LEGISLATORS HURRY BILLS THROUGH CONGRESS DURING LAST HOURS OF THE SESSION AND VISITORS THRONG THE NATIONAL CAPITOL
R. B. COCHRAN. Marshal.
First Brigade, General L. 8. Brown com
manding.
The Frellnghuysen Lancers Association, Ma
jor J. R. Salmon commanding.
Continental Club of Philadelphia, John Jor
dan 'commanding.
The Harrison Club of Philadelphia. Captain
Alexander Crowe Jr. commanding.
Ci P. Huntlngton Republican League of New
port News, Va.,* Major John Oats commanding.
Second Brigade, Lloyd B. Huff commanding.
Sicond Division.
The Rail Splitters of the Lincoln Club,
George Koulet commanding.
Young Men's Republican Club of Wilming
ton. Del.. Major Edward Mitchell commanding.
I The Oarrett A. Hobart Association, W. A.
Kuebler commanding.
The Stamina Republican Club of Cincinnati,
Captain N. J. Pfelster commanding. '
The Syracuse Republican Club, Major A, N.
Gutstadt commanding.
The.Americus Club of^Plttsburg.
District of Columbia Mounted Brigade.
First Division. . \
HON. J, T. McCLEARY, Marshal, and mount
ed aides. '
First Brigade Thomas C. Noyes command
ing; mounted aides.
Lincoln Club of -Now York City, George
Gregory commanding.
A. C, Harmes Republican Campaign Club of
Philadelphia, Isaac D. Helzell c&mmandtng.
Columbus Glee Club of Columbus, Ohio, George
D. Freeman commanding.
Tlppecance Club of Cleveland, Ohio, C. C.
Morse commanding.
The Hamilton Club of Chicago. W. Field
House commanding.
The J. C. Fremont Association of Iowa, Gil
bert Follansbee commanding.
Second Brigade, Hon J. A. "Weidershelm
commanding.
Westchester Pioneer* Corps No. 1, Captain
Howard Hawley commanding.
t — g --f--T--T -T..t.*.» ' f t T f . . » t t » » ..«¦ t t. > . .
Third Division. .
MAJOR C. H. HOWARD. V. S. A.. Marshal.
First Brigade, J. S. McDonald commandlnff.
' Union League of Maryland.
Taylor District Republican Club of Virginia,
S. A. Walker commanding.
United Republican Club of Philadelphia, Hon.
G. E. Fisher commanr.Sng.
Phoenix Republican Club. of San Francises,
Julius Kahn commanJl'itf.
- Bloomlngton Zouaves of Illinsia, Captain A.
J. Bundy commanding.
Johns Hopkins College Cadrt3 of Ualtim-jr-J.
J. A. TayJor Jr. comm.in l!n.7.
• Columbian University --'od'Jt-j. DlntrlcS of Co
lumbia. A.' E. Johnson
-Georgetown University, Captain Duffy ccm
mandlng.
. University Cadets, Morgantown, W. Va.. J.
M. Burns commanding.
' Galludet College Cadets. District of Colum
bia, George G. W. Andrews commanding.
Active Maryland Republican Association. F.
B. Metzerott commanding.
Wilson Post Guard. Baltimore, Colonel G. W.
F. Burnham commanding.
1 Association C*f!ets. Young . Men 1 a Christian
Asf-ociatlon.* District of Columbia, Lieutenant
Bruce McGruder commanding.
Agricultural College Cadets. College Park,
Md Major W. W. Cobey commanding.
Carlisle Indian Cadets, Major W. G. Thomp
con commanding.
"loung Men'*- Christian Association, District
.Second Brigade. Hon. Judson "W. Lyons coxn-
J. L. Goodall, Republican Beneficial Associa
tion, Philadelphia, Frank R. Burton command
in'~*. ¦
' Blalne Invtncltle Republican Club. "WashlnK
tcn, D. C. J. M. Mathews commanding-
Flelschmann Republican Club of Cincinnati.
R. P. Moore commanding. , . .
Country Republican Committee of New Jer
sey. Hon. Hamilton Fl£h commanding.
Third Congressional District (Maryland) As
sociation, F. C. Wachter commanding.
The Frisco Line Cowboy Band of Oklahoma,
Major Zack Mtilhall commanding 1 .
RooneveH Republican Club of St. Paul, K.
C. Kobin»on commanding.
Topeka Flambeau Club of Kansas, Captain
W. S. Eberle commanding.
Republican Lea-?rue of. Atlanta, Ga.. J. F.
Johnson commanding.
Minneapolis Republican Flambeau Club, Cap
tain P. F. Nantz commanding.
Harry S. Scott Seventh Ward Republican As
sociation of Philadelphia, Captain James S.
Scott commanding.
B. H. WARNER, Chief Marshal.
GRAND CIVIC DIVISION.
Second Brigade. Brlsrafller General Henry T.
I>ouKlas. V. S. V., marshal.
Governor B. B. Odell Jr. of New York: Brir
aflfcr General Edward M. Hoffman, adujtant
genera), and aides.
New York National Guard.
Souadron A, Major O. O. Brldgeman com
manding.
Third Signal Corps, Captain E. J. Wheeler
commanding.
Provisional battalion. New York National
Guard, Lleutentan Colonel Quick commanding.
Twenty-third Regiment. (Colonel E. -G. Brady
commanding.
Provisional battalion, Captain W. D, Dunn
commanding.
n Vlrcinia National Guard. First Battalion,
Volunteer Militia, Captain J. M. Griffin com
manding. >.
Richmond Howitzers, Company K, Seventh
Regiment.
Battalion of Naval Reserves, Lieutenant II.
H. Uawson cotftmanding.
North Carolina National Guard, Lee Rifles
of Charlotte. N. C.
Third Brigade, Brifradler General W. S. Met
calf, U. S. V., marehalr
Governor Benton McMlllIn of Tennessee and
staff.
Governor Georg-e K. Na«h of Ohio; Brigadier
General George R. Gyger, assistant adjutant
general, and staff.
Ohio National Guard, Eighth Itegiment, Colo
nel Edward Bellrath commanding.
Governor Richard Yates of Illinois and
mounted aides".
Illinois National Guard, Company H. Fifth
Infantry; Company M, Fifth Infantry, and
Company I. Fifth Infantry.
Alabama National Guard, Company G, Third
Infantry, and Company K, Third Infantry.
Provisional battalion. Maine National Guard,
Ma'rtr Frank B. Welch commanding.
Company M,' First InfRntry; Company C,
Second Infantry, and Signal Corps.
Governor A. T. Bliss of Michigan; Brigadier
General George H. Brown, adjutant general,
and staff.
Texas National Guard, Troop B. First Cav
alry, Captain O. Paget commanding.
Governor LraHe M. Shaw of Iowa and staff.
Governor Charles H. Dietrich of Nebraska
and staff.
Governor De Forest Richards of Wyoming
and staff. .
Eighth Infantry battalion of "Washington,
D. C, Ma<or Abraham Ackwith commanding.
Butler Zouaves, Captain W. T. Thompson
commanding.*-* .
HEADS OF THE ARMY AND 'NAVY. WHO WILL RIDE SIDE BY SIDE
IN THE INAUGURAL PARADE. AND SOME OF THE MEMBERS OF
THE ARRANGEMENT COMMITTEE. '
Thus far an *.-ven dozen of Governors of
States and Territories with their staffs in
full uniform have reached the city, and
they all will be in line when the -proces
gion movos to-morrow. They are: Gov
ernor Odell and staff, of New York: Gov
ernor Stone and staff, of Pennsylvania;
governor Bliss and staff, comprising
thirty members, of Michigan: Governor
*Kash and Ftaff of eighteen men. of Ohio;
Governor Yates and staff, ¦ of Illinois;
Governor Richards and staff, of Wyom
ing; Governor McLean, of Connecticut;
Governor Smith and staff, of Maryland;
Gox-ernor Dietrich and staff, of Nebraska;
Oovernor Shaw of Iowa; Governor Ileard
of Louisiana, and. Governor Longino of
lllf-s-issiFpi
Governor Voorhees of New Jersey has
been detained by Illness, but several j
¦members. of his staff are here represent
ing him. Governor Murray Crane" of
Massachusetts and Adjutant General
Samuel Dalton of his staff ;are expected
early to-morrow morning.. '
The Porto Rican battalion" of ¦na.tive'
troops, wbich arrived here last night, has
attracted considerable attention. . At 5
o'clock this afternoon, under command of
Bough Riders Arrive. > -
The Oklahoma Rough Riders' Band of
Muihall. which is to have a conspicuous
piece of honor in the parade, pot here
early this morniner. Its members are
typical bronzed Westerners. The barxl
¦will be directlv behind Colonel Roosevelt
in the inaugural parade. The St. Paul
Roosevelt Marching Club of St. Paul.
Minn., arrived this afternoon. It is the
original Rough Rider club. The club
wears Rough Rider hats, khaki uniforms
and leggings with blue trimmings. The
club will have a prominent place in the
procession and will be escorted by the
famous Oklahoma Rougrh Rider Band.
Among; th*- other organizations which
came in to-d.iy wore the following: First
Fignal Corps of Now York; the A. C.
Harmrr Club of Philadelphia, with band;
35*0 men of Squadron A of New York, in
command o'f llajnr Bridj-rrnan:* Trie* Fourth
ar,d Fifth-regiments of the Maryland Na
tional Guard: the Naval Brigade of Mary
land, consisting nf 4<V) men and six guns:
about "f" 1 " men lrom various regiments of
the Massachusetts Xational Guard; the
Rail Splitters, from Toledo, Ohio, with
hand; the Freylinghausen Lancers of
Newark. N. J.; the Essex Troop of New
ark; a company of Rhode Island militia:
the TayJor District McKinley and Roose
velt Republican Club of Virginia; the
Grove City College Cadets; the Young
Jlen's Republican Club of Wilmington,
Del., accompanied by . the Philharmonic
Band of that city. .
The West Point Cadets reached the city
about & o'clock this afternoon and created
u fine impression by their magnificent
bearing. They marched past the resi
dence of Secretary Root, by whom they
u.erc reviewed.
It is announced that Squadron A af New
York, formerly Troop A of the militia,
¦will act as Mr. Roosevelt's personal
•escort from his residence to the Capitol.
The Vice President will remain in Wash
ington from his inauguration till the
close of the executive sopfion of the Sen
ate, aftor which he will return to New
York for a time on private business.
the historic mansion. Many of them were
¦militiamen from Pennsylvania. MaKsachu
fetts and other Eastern States. The only
show of excitement during the day oc
curred when tho West Pnini Cadets, head
ed by their fine band, swuns out of Fif
teenth etrc-et and marched in superb style
up the avenue in front of the executive
mansion. Then the crowd broke forth
with cheers and hand clappings, showing
its appreciation of the faultless alignment
and military bearing: of the young sol
diers.
MAJOR GENERAL JOHN R.
BROOKE. CHIEF MARSHAL.
OF THE PARADE.
West Point Cadets Cheered.
The grounds on the north front of the
"White House wore constantly thronged
•with strangers who came for a look at
the reception committee early in the
evcnlnp.
-General Francis V. Greene, the (Errand
marshal, estimates that the parade will
take four and a, half hours to pass the re
viewing: Ptand if no unforseen contln
prr.ry firi-»e!«. Afsuminsr that the inaugu
ral parade actually pets under way on its
return from the Capital by 2 p. m., this
¦will make it 7:30 by the time the.last sec
tion passes the White House.
The day at the White House was un
eventful. The imiMins was closed to the
public and but for the visit of Vice Presi
dent-elect Roosevelt the day indoors was
not noticeably different from many
others. The President, accompanied by
his brother. Abner McKinley. and Mr.
Hawks, a visitor, attended church in the
morning and on hi? return found that Mr.
and Mrs. Roosevelt, their two children
and Mrs. Cowlos had arrived and were
with Mrs. McKinley in the parlor. Their
pre^tinps were very cordial and after a
half hour's conversation they withdrew,
Jlr. Roorcvelt to make a call on- the Sec
rotary of the Navy. At 1:30 p. m. the
President and Mrs. McKinley and their
jruc-sts, who number about fifteen, sat
down* to luncheon. Later General Joe
Wheeler and John Jacob Astor called to
pay their respects. A number of other
out-of-town friends- came at intervals, but
remained only a short time. Secretary
«nd Mrp. Oapre. Secretary Root and Post
master General Smith arrived at 4 p. m.
to lock over any bills that may have come
from the O.pito!. but they found little to
require thoir attention and soon left.
ilAJOR GENERAL JOHN R. BROOKE U. S
A.. Chief Marshal.
Platoon of mounted police, followed by. the
Governors Island Hand.
Grand marshal; Major General F. V. Greene.
"C. S. V., and staff, consisting- of A. X. Blake
nan, rhipf of staff; Lieutenant Colonel John
A. Johnston, V. S. A.; Lieutenant Colonel
Jchn A. Chamberlain. 0. S. A.: Major R. E.
Thompson, v. s. A.; Brigadier General N. \V.
Di«y, V. *¦>. V. ; Lieutenant \V. S. Overton, U.
S. A., and a corps of mounted allies.
Troop A of Ohio, personal escort to the Pres
ident.
Presidential party in carriages.
Major William A. Simpson. V. S. A., chief
of staff.
* Mounted staff of the chief marshal.
First Division.
"MAJOR-GENERAL, WILLIAM LUDLOW. V.
: ' • S. V., Marshal.
Mounted staff and aides.
Kim brigade, commanded by Colonel I. E.
4e Hussy. U. 8. A.
rorps of cadets. United States Military Acad
emy. Lieutenant Colonel O. L. Heln command.
Itg. ' '
1'nited States Naval Academy Commander
OlaheTi. I". B. N. : Eleventh I'nlted States In
fantry. Major It O. Irvine; regiment of United
States Artillery. Colonel F. G. Gunther. U. S.
A.; battallnn of the Porto Rico regiment. Ma-
J'.r Eben Smith. V. S- A.; replment of United
fctates marines. Colonel Hope.
Naval UriKade.. Commander Charles Belknap,
V. S. N.. commanding.
First battalion. U. S. S. Dixie.
Second battalion, U. P. S. Topeka, Puritan,
¦ Pclphin and Sylph.
I Third battalion, V. R. S. Hartford.
Fourth battalion. U. S. S. Lancaster.
Battery of Hpht artillery. Captain C. . D.
Pnrkhurst commanding.
Squadron I'nlted States cavalry. Colonel Wil
liam A. R.iffeny crmmandlng.
HoFrltal Corps.
P»cond Brigade Ptate militia. District of Co
i lumb'a National Guard. Brigadier General
j George N. Ilnrr's commanding.
Second Division.
GOVERNOR WILLIAM A. STONE OF PENN
SYLVANIA. Marshal.
Adjutant General Thomas J. Sftarart. staff
and aides.
Governor John Hunn of Delaware.
Adjutant General J. P. Wickersham and
staff.
First Regiment. Delaware National Guard,
Colonel Theodore Townsend commanding.
Pennsylvania National Guard, .Major Otneral
Charles F. ililler comman<lin£.
Lieu tenant Colonel W. J. Elliott, assistant
adjutant general. i>tafT and aides. '
Third Brigade, Brigadier General J. P. S.
Gobln. Mnfr and aides.
Ninth Infantry Regiment, Colonel C B.
Dougherty commanding.
Thirteenth Infantry Regiment, Colofiel Louis
A. Waters commanding.
Twelfth Infantry Regiment, Colonel I. F.
Clement commanding.
Eighth Infantry Regiment, Colonel Theodore
F. Hoffman commanding. .-,
Fourth Infantry Hetfraent, Colonel T. C.
O'Neill commanding. •
Governor** troop (dismounted). Captain V. 1L
Ott commanding.
Hattery C (dismounted). Captain Francis M.
Dran -commanding:. * •:-!•<-
Second Rrlirade. nripadler General John Aj
Wiloy. Major John R. Robertson, assistant ad
jrtant general. Ptaff and aides.
Fifth Infantry Regiment. Colonel Theodore
Hurchfield rommandinsr. ' • (
Sixteenth Infantry Regiment, Colonel W. J.
HulinKf*. commanding.
Fourteenth Infantry Regiment. Colonel -Wil
liam K. Thompson commanding.
Tenth Infantry Regiment, Colonel J. E. Bar
riftt commanding.
I Sheridan Troop (dismounted). Captain C. S.
I Jones- commanding.
Battery B tdlsmounted). Captain William
Wallace commanding.
;Flm Brigade Brigadier General John W.
Schall.* Major J. C. Gllmore, assistant adju
tr.nt general, Maff and aides.
Fin=t Infantry Regiment. Colonel W. P.
Bowman commanding.
Second Infantry Regiment, Colonel Henry
Dechart commanding.
Sixth Infantry Regiment, Colonel James R
Coryeil commanding.
Third Infantry Regiment, Colonel Robert
Plalston commanding.
Battery A (dismounted). Captain B. H. War
burton commanding.
Washington Infantry". Captain W. R. Gellfuss
I commanding. ¦ '
; Third Division.
MAJOR GENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER. U.
S. A., Marshal.
Escort, First Signal Corps. New York Na
tional Guard. Captain Oscar Cilandson com
niarding.
First Brigade. Brigadier General Charles
King. U. S. V.. marshal.
Provisional regiment of New Jersey National
Guard, Colonel Gilmcre commanding.
Battery of light artillery. Captain U. G. Lee
commanding.
Essex Troop, Captain R. W. Parker com
manding.
Georgia Artillery of Savannah, Captain J. C.
Simmons commanding.
Governor George E. McLean of Connecticut:
Colonel William Sanders' assistant adjutant
general, and staff.
Provleional regiment First Heavy Artillery,
Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, Major C. P.
Nutter commanding.
Governor John \V. Smith of Maryland: Major
General John S. Saunders, assistant adjutant
(rfU'ro 1 FtaJT and aides.
Maryland National Guard, General Lawrence
Riggs; Collen Allen McLean, adjutant general,
staff and aides.
Fourth Regiment, Colonel William Howard
i commanding. /
Fifth Regiment. Colonel Frank Marks com
manding, i '
First Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel McL-an,
commanding.
First separate company of infantry, 'Mary
land National Guard; Troop A. Maryland Na
tional Guard; battalion of Maryland Naval Re
serve and Veteran Corps of Fifth Regiment.
South Carolina National Guard.
Battalion of Infantry.
Bodies Will March.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— The final or
ders designating the positions of the vari
ous organizations in the Inaugural parade
have been published by General F. V.
Greene, chief marshal. This list Includes
all organizations,' both civic and military,
that.; ,-w-lll have any part in tho parade,
with the exception of the civil war vet
erans' organizations, the Grand Army,
the Union Veterans' Union and the Union
Veterans' Legion, which, by special re
quest of the President, will act as his
escort from the White House to the Capi
tol, but will not return with the great
parade after the' ceremonies at the Capi
tol have been concluded. The veterans in
question will fce dismissed after perform
ing escort duty lo the Capitol and will re
assemble on the west side of the White
House grounds at 5 p. m., after which
they will march past the President In re
view. Following is the order of parade
from the Capitol to the White House
after the President shall have taken the
oath of office: '
MILITARY GRAND DIVISION. *
How the Scores of Military and Civic
MONSTER INAUGURAL PARADE.
Major Swift, the battalion gave a parade
and drill on tho street south of the War
Department. Their ; evolutions evoked
much enthusiasm. A native band accom
panied the battalion.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— The galleries
of the. Senate were thronged with strang
ers to-day when the session of yesterday
was resumed. The Senate .Convened at 3
p. m. and proceeded directly to the busi
ness of facilitating the enactment of the
remaining appropriation bills. A. confer
ence was agreed to on . the general de
ficiency'bill, the conferees on the part of
the Senate being Hale. Allison and Teller.
Allison presented a partial report on the
sundry civil bill. The bill was sent back
to conference with Allison, Hale and
Cockrell as Senate conferees. • .
* The bill was passed authorizing .the
Portland. Nehalem and Tillamook Rail
road Company to construct a bridge
across Nehalem Bay, 'in Oregon.- ¦ >- "
Senators Nelson, McMillan and Berry
were named aa conferees on the river and
harbor .bill. The final conference report
upon the general-deficiency bill was agreed
to without comment; - .
Hoar secured the adoption of a'resolu-
cupy Attention of Upper House.
Bemaining Appropriation Bills Oc-
"BUSINESS INT THE SEITATE.
¦was adopted and the bill now goes to the
President for his approval.
At 10:55 p. m. the House took a recess
until midnight. During the recess mem
bers gathered in groups and sang hymns,
patriotic airs and rajr-time melodies. Their
efforts were heartily applauded by the
occupants of the galleries.
. When the recess was over Loud pre
sented the final conference on the postof
fice bill, and it was agreed to. The con
ference report on the bill to restore cer
tain items to the pension roll was agreed
to. The House thfen took up the Dalzell
resolution providing for the appointment
of a committee to visit Cuba. Porto Rico
and the Philippines. It was defeated.
The House adjourned until 4 o'clock.
Hale made" a second report of the con
ference on the ' naval . appropriation bill',
saying that complete agreement had been
arrived at on all points of ' difference on
that bill except upon the -Senate amend
ment authorizing the construction of
three additional submarine torpedo boats.
'.At* 6:4a. p. m. Wolcott made a report
upon the postomce appropriation bill, say
ing, that there was no further disagree
ment except upon the two amendments of
the Senate, concerning the extension of
the rural free delivery to small towns and
directing the Postmaster General to re
port upon the feasibility of the use of the
telegraph and telephone wires as a part
of the .postal system. The report was
agreed to and a further conference ' was
ordered on the items in dispute.
-At 5:10 p. tn-.a partial report of the con
ferees on the river and harbor bill was
presented by Nelson and it was agreed to.
A further conference was ordered.
tlon directing the Secretary of "War to
send to the Senate all Information in his
possession as to the authenticity of the
alleged order for a massacre of foreigners
in Manila on the night of. February 15.
lS99,-and, to state whether the original of
the alleged order ever was in possession
of the War Department and where It now
¦is.-. • . . ¦ ..-..¦,..,
Hale submitted a partial report upon
the naval appropriation bill. The princi
pal item of differences now . existinc, he
said, was that relative to the purchase of
three additional Holland torpedo boats.
The Senate conferees felt that they could
not recede upon that amendment without
first submitting the question to the Sen
ate. Hale Bald as the time of the session
was growing short he would offer a reso
lution discharging the present Senate con
ferees and requesting that the House
grant a further conference on the naval
bill. It was adopted. The Bafety appliance
bill then vsvas passed without further dis
cussion. ~ • . .
Morgan. of Alabama then addressed the
Senate upon his resolution authorizing
the President to conclude arrangements
with the governments of Nicaragua and
Costa- Rica for the construction of the
isthmian canal. ' • ¦ • • ¦ .
-At the conclusion of :hl3 .speech Morgan,
asked unanimous consent -that the Sen
ate adopt his resolution, which would pre
serve the protocol 6f treaties between the
United Btates and Nicaragua and Costa
Rica. Aldrlch objected.
• The complete agreement" on the post
office appropriation bill -- was agreed to.
The bill now gx>es to the" President.
Amending the act in-relation to the ex
change of gold coin for gold bars; the
bill providing that a widow who is draw
ing a pension at the time of her re-mar
riage and subsequently becomes again a
widow, shall be entitled to a' pension:
making all national banking associations
United States depositories; to establish
a national Bureau of Standards; author
izing the Secretary of the Navy to loan
certain naval equipment to schools.
Whep the Senate reconvened , at 10:30
f>. m. the scene in the chamber, partlcu
arly in the srallery, suggested a notable
social function. The galleries were packed
to the ¦ doors and hundreds . of persons
were obliged to leave, "unable to grain ad
mission. ,?/•¦¦
The abandonment of the amendment
was "advocated by Platt and Hawley of
Connecticut, Hanna and Perkins. The
Senate was urged to stand firm by Butler
and Chandler. The Senate receded from
its amendment providing: for the construc
tion of three Holland boats. Under the
unanimous consent arrangement the fol
lowing House bills were passed, among
others:
• Wolcott moved that the Senate recede
from Its Olsasrreement upon that point.
Stewart and Tillman antagonized the mo
tion; Tillman said there should be fifty
of such boats. He thought the boats more
effective tha-n battleships.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, .MARCH 4, 1901.
2
week's treatment irlfen to convince you of th«
superior merit of this new treatment. 3000 test
cases, 95 prr cent cured. Try tt FREE and b-»
convinced while you can. Call at onc» or writ*.
ADVERTISingEirrS.
The Only Way to Get a Com-
plete Cure for
Catarrh, Deafness,
tejL. \nmWyP^ Throat
IS TO TREAT IT ANTISEPTICXT.
The only way to do this Is with th« Cottln-r-
ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Inv«nted
and patented by •
DFt. COTTINGHAM,
Expert on EAR. NOSE. THROAT and LCNO
DISEASES.
204 Slitter St.. NVV. Cor. of Kearny,
FREE — Absolutely free Examination and on*
To Cure a Cold in One .Day.
Take Uiafivf Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
dtur*rl*t» refund the money Jf It fails to cure
"p. W. Grove's elenature is on each box. JSc. •
[ Laxatlva Bromo-Quinlne removes the causa. ¦
To Prevent the Grip
R^ fl^ PtIa
llADWAI'S KEADY HKLlJr.Jj' baa .stood -
unrivaled before tho public for S3 years aa a.
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and q*3lcklyA
cures alt Colds. Sor* Throats, Influenza,. Bron-
cbttta. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. "N'euralgl.*. ¦ I
Headache. Toothache, and all pain. Internally ¦
Xor Malaria and all Bowel Pain*. All drugjlst-i
"JTa^A-ig" atigVa - ad**-"*- J»^'
jviai-r OR- JORDAN'S ancA-rf
iBUSEUM OF AHATOHY?
\ ,Qr The !Lft.-i;c«Aai:onncaJ Miurum Imbe \
A _rfllVVj«_ World. V> eJuMCM* cr *ay contracted M
' &&5GA d!«ei»«Fc«Jti>»»ly»«JN»dhyihiol«icM r
t$! JESJ3| Speoalirt e» tiw Cout. Ejc. ySymct %
(r fl*i£f A 0B.-0a3A.H-Pfll>&T£ DISEASES 6
A I Yii'H .Trutment pmonaliy «r by letter. A Q
WB J/X|D IvtMtt Curl In e-raryuMa&dsrukm. \
Am a 11 & *'riie Mr boot. puao<or-*v»i A
V 8 [I- H MlllBUI.--. MAILXD »aa*. (Af
X fl II," vmluabie book for an) \
f DU. JUBDAN * CO.. KSI Market St.,a. F. 7
DR. MEYERS&CO. JpP%
Specialists, Dlseasn gj£?
and weakness of iKi*
men. Established J(%M ¦^^£^«rv*5 V
1SS1. Consultation Waff fsSs-'^-p'
and private book \3|\ I /.I
free, at offlca or by '"idl-M -^Jt
mail. Cures sruar-
anteed. TCil Mar- S^^jU^t-
ket street televator A^rfiS!; iJH
entrance), San /y^K. A^StttirSL
Francisco. *^g3ft&-jgP£fi^»Writing tablets, pape-.eries ¦ and ream
papers. Prices all right. The latest tints
and shapes just received. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market et . „ " > . -•„.>
BODIES ARE FOUND IN
DIAMONDVILLE MINE
Are All Close Together and Men Ap
parently Met Death Peace
fully.
SALT LAKE, Utah. March 3.-A spe
cial to the Tribune from Diamond vllle.
Wyo., says: Up to 11 o'clock to-night no
more bodies have been recovered. No
bodies were found in room 62. Superin
tendent Sneddon, with fifty men, is now
working from this room, and as there aro
only six more rooms in the level it is
thought that at any time more bodies
will be brought up. The flre is now under
control.
At 12:30 a. m. the following: Information
was sent up from the mine: "We discov
ered the eighteen bodies a -few minutes
ago. Five of them were found in tho
mail entry of the sixth level, within
speaking distance of each other. Two
were found In room 63, one in room 64 and
two in room 65, the balance being scat
tered over and near the face of the lead.
Indications are that the men met death
peacefully. One was found with arms
folded across his breast and another with
his eyes wide open. The bodies are all In
a good state of preservation."
SHEINERS LEAVE LOS ANGELES.
Journeying Toward .Oasis of San
Francisco in Special Car.
LOS ANGELES. March 3.-The Mystic
Shrlners who arrived here, from the East
yesterday in a special # train departed in
like manner for San Francisco at 6 o'clock
this evening. Their thirty hours' stay in
Los Angeles was characterized by a mon
ster parade and to-night by a banquet, ai
which a thousand covers were eoread.
To-day was spent In driving about thu
city and country in tally-hos.
MAY HAVE. BEEN" MUEDEEED.
Body of a Man Found on Track Near
Chittenden .Station.
WATSONVILLE. March 3 —The bod>
of a man named Solertane was found on
the railroad track :ienr Chittenden sta
tion last night. Thenecft was broken an!
there was a bullet hole In the right choek
It Is not known whether the man com
mitted suicide or was murdered. Th»
body was struck by the late train and this
probably accounts for «he broken neck.
PONCE. Porto Rico. March 3.— Tho
United States and Porto Rlcan Steamship
Company's steamer Callfornian, ifivlng
on board 500 emigrants for Hawaii, was
about weighing anchor when she was de
tained by the authorities. The local pre*s
has been publishing alarming stories of
ill-treatment, slavery and starvation.
thus discouraging would-be emigrants.
' -/i"r».-« np»i w""*"" have been ca'llnic on
the police to recover runaway children.
. .-•_..» 11 \.uL«t_-.» naJ hkai-ii tor the de
tention of deserting husbands.
As a result of these complai-nts and re
quests the police boarded the Californian.
The officers of the hhip refused to act and
theji the Alcalde wlrc-u Governor Allen for
Instructions. Ultimately the customs au
thorities received . orders to detain thw
Californian and the police took off four
children and five adults. .
The Californian Failed at 10:30 o'clock
to-ii!ght for New Orleans
PORTO RICANS TAKEN •
FROM A STEAMSHIP
SPIRIT MESSAGE FROM
< * ROBERT G. INGERSOLL
Medium Makes the Announcement
That the Great Agnostic Is Now
'¦'.' };'¦¦*' ¦/¦' ! V- in Heaven. '
MIDDLETOWN, N. T.,- March 3.-Lu
ther R. Marsh, despite radical differences
In their religious. belief, was a great al
mlrer of the late Robert G. Ingersoll and
his warm, personal fr-end. Throush; tin
mediumship of Mrs. Clarissa J. Huyler,
with whom he has boarded since he took
up his residence here ten years ago. Marsh
has had several spirit messages from the
great agnostic. .- • ' • -•
The ttrst message was received several
months ago and was to the effect that
there. Is life 'beyond the grave and "that
death does not end all. It contained also
an expression of half regret that, al
though he spoke as he believed, ho might,
through his addresses and writings, have
been the means of leading; many away
from the paths of light.
Later (messages have conveyed the as
surance that, through some miracle of
divine goodness, all of the great unbe
lievers' scorn" ngs, railings. :.Vid blasphem
ings have been forgotten and forgiven.
He has been received in heaven, where
among God's elect he is-far-happler than
he ever was while on earth. , .
POLICE IN, BEADINESS *
FOR A GREAT STRIKE
Prospect of Trouble in Brooklyn
Causes. Commissioner. Da very to
Issue an Ominous Order, f
NEW YORK. March 3.— A. general order
was received by the commanding officers
of all precincts In Manhattan' and Brook
lyn to-night, from Deputy Commissioner
of Police I>every directing that all police
men entitled , to go home after midnight
be held in reserve. The policemen, it was
said, are held in readiness for any trouble
that might occur in Brooklyn as the re
sult of-a strike which it is sa!d;tne em
ployes of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit
would begin to-morrow, morning
MUTINEERS ARE COMING!
EL PASO, Texas. Match 3.— The train
bearing COO. new, recruits en' route- to tho
Philippines who mutinied at Ennis, Texas,
on Friday, reached here to-day and after
a brief stop left for San Francisco.- Tho
soldiers were;under cjose-guard-and the
car doors were locked. Ten prisoners were
held in one of the cars: They will be tried
at San Francisco. A number of the men
are; said -to ¦ have deserted • at* various
points along the lino between Texarkann
and FA Paso. mBOfc
CHICAGO FEDERATION OF
I^ABOR SCORES SAMPSON
Espouses the Cause of Gunner Mor
gan and Bitterly Criticizes
the Admiral.
CHICAGO. March S.-The Chicago Fed
eration of Labor ot a meeting to-day
adopted a series of resolutions espousing
the cause of Charles Morgan, gunner, who
is seeking promotion- in the'United States
navy. The resolutions adopted, which
will be forwarded to President McKinley.
declare it to be one of the fundamental
principles of this Government that there
should be no class distinction and that
"the Chicago Federation of Labor, rep
resenting more than 100,000 tollers of this
city, does unqualifiedly condemn, and em
phatically protest apainst the assumption
put forth by Admiral Sampson that re
strictions should be put upon the honor
able aspiration of Gunner Morgan, who
Bought at th« hands of said Sampson fa
vorable Indorsement of iiis application for
promotion to a commission and received
Instead a cruel and outrageous Insult."
The resolutions further criticize Ad
miral Sampson for his stand in the mat
ter - " • ' . — — ': :'
WRECKERS WIIX REAP
A GOLDEN HARVEST
Boilers and Machinery of the Tilla
. mook Are Racovered in Good
Condition.
TACOMA, March 3.— On an investment
from $3000 .to $4000. three Kadiak men are
likely to realize a big profit on the sale
of the rnachlnery and wreckage of the
steamer .,Tillamook, which was wrecked
on the western Alaskan coast three
months ago. The steamship Newport
brlhgs news . from Unalaska that' the
wreckage was purchased for $700 by Blod
gett. Cannon & Bowers of Kadiak. At a
cost of $2000 more they were able to re
cover her boilers, engines and other, ma
chinery, besides some freight, and land all
safely ate Kadiak. This feat was made
possible by favorable action of the tides,
which so. twisted -the Tlllamook around as
to enable wreckers to remove her machin
ery at a' minimum, expense. Her boners
alone are said to have cost. $3500 last year.
The machinery will be sold at Kadiak or
on Pueet Sound.
OBJECT TO READINGS
IN CLASSIC MYTHOLOGY
Parents of Pupils at EvtFett Wish
! Plain Facts to Be Taught Their
Children.
SEATTLE,': March 3.— Complaints in re
gard tu stories from 'classic mythology
being U3ed for supplementary reading In
the city schools at Everett. Washington,
have reached the Superintendent's office
from * several sources. It is urged toy
those objecting to and condemning the
practice that their boys and girls have
their respect ior x truth lessened by the
perusal of myth vand fable. They say.
give- them facts of the baldest and mo3t
materialistic sort.
•While Superintendent St." John Is not ex
pressing: an opinion for publication upon
the subject; in the language of Sir Rodger
deCoverly. ho holds that much may be
ealdon both sides of the question. ' He is
preparing,, a' consensus, of /opinion frcm
the.ieading educators of the country rela
tive to the matter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. March 3.— In a fight over a
poker game, in a special car of' Richards
& Prlnglo's Minstrels, Arnle Stevens,
drill master, waa shot by Harry Graves,
a musician.
Stevens is dying at the hospital and
Graves Is held at the City Jail.
This was payday for the company, which
last night played an engagement In the
Palouse country. To pass : . away the
weary hours of travel to-day a poker
game was started, penny ante, and nickel
limit. Five men were in the game when
the cars reached the local Union Depot
to-night. The players were Stevens,
Graves. Allen, MacDonalu, the property
man, James osborne and Charles Hughes,
musicians.
All had been drinking. About 8 p. m.
the game broke up when Graves won a
jack-pot. He accused Stevens of stealing
two poker chips. This started a quarrel
which the others tried in vain to stop.
Stevens applied vile epithets to Graves
and the latter attempted to go to another
car. Stevens grabbed a wooden stool and
followed, threatening to lay Graves out.
As Stevens tnrew the stool Graves noticed
a revolver lying In an open locker near
where he was standing. He dodged the
stool, seized the gun and fired. The ball
from the 38-canber weapon entered the
right groin, severing the femoral artery.
Tne police were notified and Stevens
was taken to the hospital in an ambu
lance. He arrived weak from loss of
blood, too far gone to talk. The physi
cians say his wound is surely fatal.
Graves was taken into custody by the
police. An informal investigation was
had by the Prosecuting Attorney, who de
cided to permit the other members of the
company to continue their Journey to
Wardner. Idaho, where the minstrels ¦will
give their next performance. Stevens'
home Is at Indianapolis. He Is a single
man. His mother lives in Chicago.
Member of Minstrel Troup©
Is Shot Down on Train
in Washington.
FATAL QUARREL
OVER POKER GAME
Tore; leaves to Escort the Emperor
PRINCE CHUANG STEANGLED
Back to Peking.
LONDON. Maich 4.— According to the
Tientsin correspondent of the Standard,
wiring Friday, Count von Waldersee has
Issued renewed orders to the allied forces
to hold themselves in readiness for a pos
sible expedition.
The t-hanghai correspondent of the
Standard says it is reported there that
Prince Chuang has oeen strangled. Ac
cording to the same authority General
Yuan ishai Kai's bods - »uard, with trans
port, will U-ave on Wednesday for the
province of Hor.ar to escort the Emperor
to Peking.
"Japan has notified China." says the
Poki::? correspondent of the Times, wir
ing yesterday, "that in the event of Rus
sia i>ejng granted any advantages, terri
torial or curamtrcial. Japan wjli require
equivalent advantages. Although Eng
!und. Japan'. Germany. Austria. Italy and
the'Ur.ited States: have addressed similar
remonstrances, there if every reason to
r>e:Seve China will ticn the Russian
ronver.tion In full. Russia having 1
formally intimated that the terms are lr
1 •vocable. Li Hung Chang is eo deeply
committed to Russia that he is no longer
a free agent ar.d it is impossible for him
to evade authorizing signature.
"The text of the convention has not
\,oer\ communicated to any power nor has
any power been able to promise material
assistance in safeguarding China In the
«-v<>r,t of her refusal to sign the conven
tion. With a view to insuring signature,
M. do Giers informed LJ Hung Chang that
Russia would not participate in the de
mand for the execution of ten principal
cff'nders."
"Th^ Japanese have decided to with
draw their troops during March," says
the Peking correspondent of the Morn
ing Post, wiring Saturday, "and to re
place them by £000 fresh troops. COO of
¦rbofn will b« posted here. Li Hung
Chang has sent two mandarins to inspect
The route between Peking and the Prov
ince of Shcnsi and to prepare for the re
;urn cf the court."
IUDEMOTTY ACTION BIX>CKED.
Trench, Spanish and Italians Placs
Obstacles in the Way.
PEKING. March 3.— Action on the in
demnity matter has be<»n blocked by the
French. Spauish and Italians, who Insist
upon the payment of -sentimental and in
direct claims by the Chinese. - At a meet
ing of Ministers to-day Mr. Rockhlll, the
American representative, made strenuous
but fruitless efforts to formulate some
definite rule for the assessment of In
demnities. It is" believed that a week will
elapse before an agreement is reached. Sir
Walter HUlir. udviser to the HritJsh mil
itary authorities, asserts that the total
indemnity will not exceed £n0.O0O.(KW. and
1 hat China will bo pivrn nfty years in
which to pay it in installments.
The question of payment for private
property that it is proposed to take for
the legation quarters, which question was
raiwd by the American representative. Is
l^Jinled by the other Ministers, who say
now that the owners of the property cin
nnt be found.
The remains of missionaries belonging
to the China Inland Mission and the
American Board, who were- massacred at
Paotirg-Fu. have been recovered and
identified. They will be reinterred with
? ririsiian sen-ices on March 10.
FAVOES AMERICAN PBIESTS.
Kgj. Chapelle Believes They Should
Supersede the Friars.
NEW YORK. Marc-.i 3.-The Sun's
Manila cablegram says: The correspond
ent cf tho Sun had an interview to-day
on th<» situation here with Mgr. Chapelle.
He said:
"I am thoroughly acquainted with the
r<li£ious social and political situation in
the archiprlago. onjoylng vast opportuni
ttea to secure information. I believe the
solution of the problem of pacification
6t!!l confronting u* necessitates the
avoidance of diFturbiftj* Hemr-nts ard reli
jrious conflict. It wiil be well to waJt un
lil Congress has full opportunity to pro
vide suitable- leglslaiion and to await the
Supreme Court's decision on the consti
tutional status of our possessions.
"I came here to organize tho church's
affairs on Ameilcsn linep and to plare
in a position similar to the one she
ho!ds in the United States. To accomplish
'his I will do my utmost to bring Ameri
can priests here as soon as possible, and
;he friars will -not oppose them."
¦EVARTS IS BURIED
WITH SIMPLE CEREMONY
WINDSOR. Vt-, March 3.— The remains
«f William M. Evarts, who died in New
York last Thursday, were brought to
Windsor In a special car last evening,
accompanied t>y nu-mbers of the family,
liavc Mrs. Kvarts and Mrs. Seaman, who
¦rera taken to the Evarts mansion for the
nfcht. •
A brief service was held at the house
this morning for, the family, and the pub-
Oic perviees weT> held Rt St. Paul's
'.T.urch nt noon. Rev. Dr. Goddard offlci
r.ting. Ti.is is the church' In which Mr.
Evarts was married Irt August. 1S43. The
floral remembrances were profuse. The
pallbtarfrs were all former farm em
ployes of Mr. Evarts. The Interment was
l 1 the Ascutner Cemetery
Brothers \ in a New York
Town Make Curious Deal
in Hous«holds.
Fpeclal Dispatch . to The Call. '
MIDDLETOJi,'tk Y.~. March 3.— John
and Eli Reddiker. brothers, living near
Cragamoor (Sam's Point) , have traded
wives and families. The men are small
farmers and live but a - short distance
apart, their father having divided his
farm between them. John' is about 15
years old and Ell is perhaps 32. .
The deal in wives and families was the
result of a bantering proposition made
by John several months ago while he and
his wife were spending an evening at
Ell's. The wives took a. part in the dis
cussion and the proposition was laughed
at as a lirst-elass joke. The subject was
brought up again and again at subsequent
meetings of the families and every time
it was discussed tho Idea seemed to grow
in favor with all parties concerned.
John had . two children,- a boy of five
years and a girl of three, and Ell had a
boy about three years old. When it came
to arranging the terms for the deal, Ell
insisted, since the wives were to take the
children, he ought to have something to
boot to make up for assuming the care
and support of an extra child. . The prop
osition seemed reasonable and after much
haggling it was arranged that John should
give him his cows.
Having won out on this proposition. Ell
then demanded more "boot," since his
wife was several years younger and much
more .comely than his brother's. Mrs.
John did not take u.ndly.to this demand,
saying ; that it was a poor way to begin
life together to cast reflections on her age
and attractiveness, but Ell insisted .that
youth and good looks ought to' count in
a wife dicker as well as in a horse, trade.
John offered a hor?e well along in years
to even things up." Ell demanded a wagon
as well, and when this was thrown in,
the deal was made and the wives and chil
dren changed abodes. . . ut'fil:
TWO FARMERS
TRADE FAMILIES
SENATOR FAIRBANKS
~ high' on the list
Republicans "Said to Have Decided
That H«» Is Hair- Apparent of
McKinl ey Administration.
NEW YORK. March S.-A special to th*
World ' from Washington- says Senator
Fairbanks considers nimself the heir, ap
parent of the ¦ McKinltv admlnistratio.n
ar.d Is so considered, by the McKinle/
men,* including the President himself.
The- ofnce-jholdcrs will be controlled by
McKlnley ?ml Hanna In a great measure
The financial interest* • want a "safe"
man. They picked McKinley six years ag>
as "safe" -anti nominated him. spending
$1S7.000 in the two vears of prellminarv
work before the St. • Louis convention.
That Is why. these .Intel e9t3. have so gre;st
a hold on this administration. McKinl*-/
Is grateful for favors received. TJie.13
men have looked Fairbanks over, ho
will do. according to their standard, ami
he Is strong, with thpm now. :
Signed by the President.
_WASHINGTON. March 3.-The gcier.i!
deficiency, the legislative. • executive an:l
Judicial and the Indian appropriation billj
have been approved by the- President.
The Orpheum has a brilliant attraction
this week in Papinta, the dazzling dancer.
COOPER IS BREAKING EOWN.
to California.
Expresses Fear of Bsing Taksn Back
OGDEN. Utah. March 3.— The officer
from California did not arrive to-day for
Harry AV. Cooper. The prisoner spent an
other restless day pacing the floor of hi*
cell and asking to sec the newspaper.*,
which was denied him. Both Detective
Pender and Chief Cor!l.<k confirmed the
report of Cooper's confession and say that
he expressed the utmost fear, of goin,?
back to the scene of his operations. Tin
worry seems to have affected him consid
erably, as he Js growing th!nner and hoi
low-eyed. The oillcer is expected to-mor
row.
Sultan Threatened by Powers.
CONSTANTINOPLE. March 3.-RussJa
and other powers have addressed remon
strances to the Sultan against the Mace
donian disorders.
" The Sultan has ordered a financial com
mission to negotiate a loan guaranteed by
a six per cent Increase of the property
tax, for urgent payments; Including the
claims of American ond German contract
ors for ships and 31ms.
King Edward in London.
LONDON. March 3.— King Edward ar
rived in London this evening from the
Continent.
"The Black Flag," a powerful English
melodrama, will be revived on an elabo
rate scale this week at i the Central
Theater. The cast will include. Frank
Curtis, Clifford Dempsey. Lorena. Atwood,
Ernest Howell, Margaret Marshall, Fay
Courtney and others.
* . * *
To-night at the Alcazar the bright Daly
comedy, made famous by Ada Rehan.
"Countess Guckl," will be put on. Un
usual care has been lavished upon the cos
tuming and setting of the play, .which
is also very fortunately cast.
did not seem to find any special
favcr with | the playgolng public. The
house was light, much lighter -than the
worth of the production warranted, but
was hearty in its appreciation. It Is late
in the day to speak of the play, or of Mr.
Morrison's adaptation, but - some clever
lighting effects in tho famous "Brocken"
scene, where Faust and Mephlsto summon
the witches, are worthy of mention.
A good Mephisto Is played by Errol
Dunbar, who lays a clever tongue to tho
blank verse and the satanic- soliloquies
with which the play is so plentifully be
sprinkled. Frank Fanning, does a rather
amateurish but premising Kaust, and
Slebel and Valentine are undertaken by
Charles Saxon and William Ewlng.
Miss Genevleve . Kane, a former San
Francisco girl, was the Marguerite, the
first important role undertaken by the
young actress. Miss Kane shows decided
promise. She is pretty and graceful, and
while inexperience is naturally evident,
her work is distinctly hopeful. Mrs.
Selby Tapsfield was an amusing Martha
and Liza and Elsa were played by Flor
ence Brooks and Marguerite Urquhart.
• • »
, "Zaza." with Mrs. Leslie Carter, is in
its second week at the Columbia Theater,
it has been a record-breaking engage
ment so far and bids fair to crowd the
house xgain the whole of this -week. Next
week De Kov<hj and Smith's bright comic
opera. "The Highwayman," will be put on
for the first tirre here.
' • • •
"The Wizard of the Nile" will begin its
th'.rd successful week at the Ttvoli this
evening. "The Wizard" is one of the
most popular shows that the Tivoli has
ever had and secas to be in for a, run
rivaling that of last year. Alf C. Whe
lan, Ferris Hartman, Maud Williams, An
nie Meyers and Bernice Holmes are all
well heard and seen and the 1okes and
topical songs are kept strictly up-to-date.
pTi-^HE return to the "heavy legltl
1 mate" at the California Theater
¦ last night, with Lewis Morrison's
IX adaptation of Goethe's "Faust."
"Zaza" Crowds the [Columbia, and.. "The .-Wizard of the
Nile" the Tivoli— "the Black Flag" to Be Put Qn at
the Central— Mme. : SembrichQrjera Company Coming
and the balance of the bill Is also unusual
ly attractive, numbering among the list
Katherine Bloodgood and Robert HUHard
in "The Littlest Girl"; Orlskany trio and
Wilson and Waring. • ¦ - >• • •
- .;-:• .•.•;• • ¦ r- : •
The Sembrlch engagement at the Grand
Opera-house will begin on March 18. The
great soprano is adequately, supported and
among her 'distinguished ; company are
Slgnors "de Lara, Bensaude, "Rossi, Dado,
Galazzl, Vannl, Daubigne. and Mmo.
Mattfeld, under the direction of Signor
Bevignani. ' .The repertoire to be given
consists of "The Barber of Seville."
"Rigoletto," "Don Pasquale," "La Travl
ata," "Pagliacci," "Faust" and "Lucia."
The sale of seats for the season begins on
Wednesday next, March 6, and the single
night sale on March 13. ...
The bill for. this* week at the Grand
Opera-house Is "Around the ."World in
Eighty Days." . .
r. • v * . *
Fiechtl's Tyrolean troupe Js still the
chief attraction at Fischer's, and E^ry,
Birdie Brightling and McSorley are other
entertainers. . ¦ . .••¦.
• • » , ¦•
The Hawaiian Quartet. Clinton Mont
gomery, Mabel Hudson and Querita Vin
cent are the Olympia's attractions for the
week. -
1 • <¦ " * *
The new bill at the Chutes includes the
Kelcey sisters, direct from the Orpheum;
the Johnstons, sketch artists; Jack
Symonds. monologlst: Sam Holdsworth,,
tenor; Logan and Jones, Darktown eccen
trics: Little Irene Kobor. the wonderful
child contortionist, i.nd a series of new
moving pictures. - :
* ? •
NEW TORK,Marc!i 2.— San . Francisco
is to have a series of New York's great
est successes. The plan promulgated last
month to have a stock company at the
Columbia, composed of the leading play
ers from Daniel and Charles Frohman s
stock companies, has been abandoned and
the following programme substituted:
The , company now In Paul Potter s
"Under Two Flags" at the Garden The
ater will open at the Columbia in San
Francisco In July and will remain thero
throughout that month. The company will
be headed by Blanche Bates, who ha*
made the hit of her career »n "Cigarette."
It will be followed at tho Columbia on
August 5 by the Empire Stock Company
in "Mrs. Dane's Defense." This organi
zation will remain two weeks. Then will
come Annie Russell in "A Royal Family"
for three weeks. Immediately after J.I1g-»
Russell the Columbia will have Daniel
Frohman's stock company in "Lady Hunt
worth's Experiment" for en autumn ruii.
opening. September. S. These companic3
will go to San Francisco directly from
New York City.
RIDE TO DEATH
ON FLOATING ICE
Pour Fishermen Perish in
"the Waters of
. Lake Erie.
»
SILVER CREEK. N. T. ( March 3.-
Twenty-one fishermen were carried out
on Lake Erie, oft Silver Creek, this after
noon on floating Ice, but seventeen of
them were rescued. The other four were:
HENRY TURNER.
JOHN GEORGE.
JAMES McBRADTIE.
THOMAS LUDWIG.
The last seen of the four men they were
still on the Ice, but a high wind was
blowlner up a bigr sea and the ice was fajt
breaking up. They were about four miles
out, and there was a mile of open water
between them and the shore.
When It was found that the men were
cut off from shore this morning a message
was sent to Dunkirk by the Mayor ask
ing- for assistance. A special train was
made up. and a party of rescuers brought
a boat on a flatcar. The rescuers worked
heroically all day. The seventeen who
were saved were taken off the floating ics
with great difficulty. They said that their
comrades probably perished, as they
were In a perilous position.
COLESBUItG, Cape Colony. Friday.
March 1. — Fifteen hundred Boers, with,
•whom, it Is alleged, were General Dewet
ar.d former President Steyn, found a spot
at Lllienfontein. near Colesburg bridge,
where the Orange River widens and the
current is slow, and they all crossed yes
twday, both men ar.d horses, by swim
mlr.ff.
LONDON.. March 4.— General Dewet lost
Ixailly in men and stores by his incur
sion Into Cape Colony, but he seems to
have made a clever escape with the bulk
cf his commando. Appare-ntly Com
mandant Hertzog crossed the Orange
Kiver -with him.
General Hamilton, who was pursuing,
heard that General Dewet was surround
ed at Phillipstown, northwest of Coles
burg. On arriving there he found the
Boers had not been at Phlllipstown at all,
bat had doubled back and were struggling
across the river at Colesburg-. Apparently
this is another instance of defective in
telligence regarding the doingrs of, the
Boers.
The Daily Telegraph has a dispatch
from Colesburg; dated yesterday, which
Bays: "Our numerous columns are still
hunting for Dewet. This place Is In a
hubbub, and the troops are marching off
in various directions to press the pursuit
further."
CAPE TOWN, March 3.— The bubonic
plague is spreading here. Five corpses,
e'.i of colored persons, have been found
cine© yesterday morning. Ten colored
pfresns and one European believed to bo
afflicted ha%*e been pent to a hospital.
Numerous persons who have come in con
tact with them have been Isolated.
SYDNEY. N. S. \\\. March 3.— A sea
man, who had arrived here from Capo
Colony, cied to-day of bubonic plague.
Eludes Hamilton by Doubling
on T&eir Line of
March.
Dewet's Entire Force
Recrosses Orange
Riyer.
BOER CHIEF
MAKES GOOD
HIS ESCAPE
HARBOR BILL
IS IN DANGER
President May Vetothe Meas
ure for Improvement of
Water w ys.
Appropriations for Ervers .and
Creeks of No Importance I^ikaly
to Maks. Futile the Action
cf Congress.
Special Pirpatch to The Call.
CALL B'JREAl". 14C6 G STREET, N*.
W.. WASHINGTON, March 3.— It was
learned to-day that President McKlnley U
seriously coniemp!atlnjr vetoing the river
and harbor bill. • There are many items In
U. especially among these put in by tin
Senate, that "are indefensible. They arc
propositions for Improvements of rlveM
and creeks of little Importance and with
no present commerce and little prospect
cf any. ¦ — -•-
INCREASE IN MONEY
FOR ' OAKU5LND HARBOR
President McKIr.ley sent for a copy «>f
the bill to-day, and has ben giving It
carrCul consideration. It is probable that
he will either veto it or kfil it by failing to
sign it before noon to-morrow.
Congress Adds S50.000 to the Direct
Appafsnt Appropriation for
Hore Improvements.
M'ASHINGTOX. March 3.-At 4 o'clock
to-day the conferees "of "the Senate an<i
House reached aa. agreement upon all
the iterrs cf the river and harbor bill, cov
ering 3(M disputed points, except the Se.»
ate amendments providing for the con
struction of storage reservoirs in Sou'rt
Dakota and Wyoming and authorizing
the payment cf J400.000 for work done upon
the-Brazcs River. Texas.-
With these items eliminated the bill car
ries an appropriation ot S49.675.006. Thl9 Is
a reduction trcm the appropriations made
by. both the 'Senate and the House, tho
Senate figures being I50.S04.52S. and those
of the House J50.P35.415. In Its work the
conference "committee used the : Senate
biss as a basis. Among the principal
changes made are: Oakland harbor, Cal
ifornia, direct apparent appropriation in
creased to the extent of $Xf>0.uOO. making
the total $150,000; continuing contract
eliminated. Lakes Union, and Washington,
W'ashingtcn, entire 'appropriation of 15*;,
2F.0 dropped «.u!.- '
Panic Is Narrowly Averted at San
Miguel During Farewell • Re
ception to C. J. Whis
»
SAN MIGUEL. Mar:h 3.-The heaviest
earthquake ever experienced in this sec
tion was felt last night at 11:53. It lasted
fully sixty seconds and was followed- ut
short intervals by slighter shocks until
3:10 a. m., when another heavy shock
was felt, and again at 6:15 a, m. At ih,
time of the first shock a larre majority
of the townspeople were attending a fare
well reception to C. J. Whiaman. The
room was crowded and orly by a deter
mined effort on the ourt of some of th£
gentlemen was a panic averted. Several I
women fainted and ocliers tried to cet out
of the room. No great damage has been
reported.
1'ACIKIC GROVE, March 3.— The long
est and heaviest earthquake shock felt
here in several years occurred at abort
11:50 o'clock last night. It awoke slocpero
and caused general al^rm. but nq damage
was done. The motion was from west to
cast in a continuous long wave inste;i J
cf the usual sudden shake-up and wa i
accompanied by a deeo rumbling noise.
The bay was deeply stirred and the waves
, dashed upon the rocke alone the shore
! with unusual fury. The watermarks this
morning showed a phenomenal high tld-i
The shock lasted about half a minute
At Del Monte the shock was longer an 1
more severe.
SALINAS. March 3.-Salinas and vicin
ity was visited by an earthquake, at 11:4>
o'clock last night. There were two dis
tinct shocks. The first lasted several sec
onds. The second was longer. The vibra
tions were east anil west.
PASO ROBLES. Maich 3.-Several se
vere shocks of earthquake were felt hero
between 11:45 o'clock last night and 6
o'clock this morning. The big oven at the
Paso Kobles Hotel wa3 cracked and thcr^
was a panic among Eastern guests.
Two Earthquake Shocks.
Shortly after 10 o'clock Saturday r.ifehl
and again last night ct about the same
time earthquake shocks were felt in this
city. The vibrations were of short dura
tion and not very heavy.
Shocks Reported as Gentle
but of Unusually Long
Duration.
EARTHQUAKE FELT
AT MANY POINTS
Special Pispatch to The Call.
. CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 3.— Shall adjournment be
the 9th, the 16th or a compromise some
where along in the middle of the second
week in March? If the legislators had
unbiased say they would adjourn at once.
Were the attaches consulted they would
hold on until next July, and a careful
study of the files shows nothing to be
done that could not have been finished
three weeks ago. It is strange how the
really important legislation sifts down to
the end of the session and causes delay.
The geneial appropriation bill has notn
ing about it tnat shows cause for delay
after February, and the fact that it was
in as early as ever it was does not help
matters. There are few changes of im
portance and much of the bill is but a"
re-enactment of former figures.
The county government bill shows no
excuse for coming in after the fiftieth
day. Apportionment might as well have
been in January and all the tights would
he over now. The primary law that peo
have been talking of and planning for two
years is not completely before the Legis
lature now, and there is no reason on
earth, except a desire to argrue,' why the
code revision -bills should not now be
signed by the Governor.
The China Basin bills are still on file,
when they might as well have come In
the first week and been through the mill
by February--
Had the Se-natOrs and Assemblymen,
been more willing to work and less will
ing to junket through the State they
would be able to adjourn now. Yesterday
was the first Saturday when both houses
held a session, and more than often a
bare quorum has been kept from the
junket in order to transact business.
By the end of this week there will not
be a bill on the file worth taking a vote
on unless horse play and inattention take
the place of work. Captious amendments,
long-winded speeches and calls of the
House and Senate may delay matters,
but without them there Is nothing to pre
vent the adoption of the concurrent reso
lutions providing for an adjournment on
the 9th.
ORGANIZED TO FIGHT
THE REDWOOD PARK BILL
Seven Administration Men Will At-
tempt to Keep It Fropa Ur
gency File.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 3.— The ardor shown by
Ralston and his six associates who in
tend to join in a protest if there be any
attempt made to place the Big Basin Red
wood Park bill on the Assembly special
urgency file is now understood. Governor
Gage, it Is asserted, docs not want the
bill passed. The friends of the measure
must overcome his objections if they
want to secure Its enactment.
The men who are banded together to
keep the bill from reaching a vote on final
passage in the Assembly are even' one of
them men who have throughout the ses
sion accommodated their own ideas to
those of the chief executive. Ralston,
Hasson, Broughton, Savage. Henry.
Treadwell and Bliss are the seven, and
thej- are all "administration men." An
Assemblyman who is close to the Gov
ernor said to-night that Gage's desire to
have the bill defeated rather than to
come up to him for veto was the expla
nation of the sudden disregard in the As
sembly for the recommendation of th«
Ways and Means Committee.
Th« Friends of Sutter Fort Park
Propose to. Rush the New
Bill.
HOPE TO OVERCOME
GOVERNOR'S OBJECTIONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO,' March 3. — The Governor's veto
of the bill appropriating $20,000 for addi
tions to the Sutter Fort grounds and for
impro\-lng these grounds has raised some
what of a. storm in Xatlv« Sons circles.
Tha bill was a pet measure of the Native
Sons and within the organization con
siderable bitterness of feeling is said to
exist.
Greer has put In a ne— bill, which, as
he stated when he Introduced it, does not
contain the features to which the Gov
ernor,objected in his veto message. Chief
of these was the fact that the money ap
propriated was to become available be
fore January 1. 1902. The intention is to
crowd the bill along on the file If possible
and give the Governor a chance to take
a stand on the bill with his stated objec
tions removed. This late in the session,
however, that will be almost impossible
of accomplishment. The bill may be held
up in committees and on the We until the
most determined efforts in its behalf will
not avail to get it through both the As
sembly and Senate before adjournment.
OPPOSE APPOINTMENT
OF THE STATE PRINTER
Prospect of a Bitter Fight Over
I^eavitt's Bill in the
Assembly.
CALL, HEADQUAUTETRS. SACRA
MEXTO, March 3. — There is prospect of a
bitter fight in the Assembly against Sen
ate bill 56, by Leavitt, making the office
of State Printer appointive Instead of
elective. It is on the Senate special file
on second reading an 1 Its opponents are
getting: ready to make stubborn resistance
to its passage.
The State Printing Office Is united In the
attempt to force the bill through, as the
friendliness of Governor Gage and State
Printer Johnston assures continuance of
the present regime In office should the
bill become a law. Governor Gape him
self is neutral, so the bill's opponents
claim, as he is not willing to urge that
an office now elective shall be taken ouc
or the hands of the people and the power
£\_ an Po' n tmcnt given to the Governor.
The Typographical Unions are divided.
The Sacramento union has been lined id
for the bill, but the San Francisco union
is fighting it tooth and toenail. E. H.
Glbb, president of the San Francisco
union, has been hi Sacramento workintr
against the bill.
Looking Out for Dental Bills.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 3.— Dr. J. B. Hodecn and
Dr. M. J. Sullivan of San Francisco" and
Dr. C. X> Goddard of Oakland, members
of the faculty of the College of Dentlsiry
of the University of California, came up
to Sacramento to-nlgrht to look after lh*
dental bill. Senate bill 319. by Devlin.
Superintendent Sanders of the Industri
al Home for the Adult Blind came up
from Oakland this evening to ursre tli*
passage of the bill appropriating money
for building a workshop for that institu
tion.
Not a Bill Pending Which Could Not
Ka-re Easily Been Disposed ;
Of Early in the Ses- ¦
sion.
Question of Adjournment Is
Still Hanging Fire at
Sacramento.
LITTLE BUSINESS
FOR LEGISLATORS
LEWIS MORRISON'S ADAPTATION
OF "FAUST" AT THE CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1901.
GENEVIEVE XANE, THE MAR
. QUERITE IN "FAUST" AT
THE CALIFORNIA. . .
3
718 Market Street and v
Cor. Powell & Eddy Sts.
Some strong points
about our $10 made=
to=measu re suits
Order one of our $10
made- to- measu e suits
and ek.imine it critically.
Ytu will see that the
c'oth is all-woo 1 , the
quality of the trimming-*,
linings and findings g o id ;
you will see that the
sleeves are well worked,
the button - holes like-
wise, the pocket> well
stayed and the collars
gracefully turned; the
pants will set well over
the shoes and hang as
they should; the whole
suit, inside and out, will
te well made.
If you don'c find that
the suit com?s up to
these requirements re-
turn it — your money
awaits >o.i.
A plentiful supp'y of
for interested
people.
Are you interested ?
Suits can ba made satisfac-
torily through our self-measuring
system— write for samples.United States Attorney General Griggs is deeply
concerned to accomplish the suppression of the Chi
nese slave trade in this city. He may be assured of
a step in the right direction if he attempts to discov-r
why Federal officers make the admission of these
slaves so easy at this port.
The Board of Education and the Superintendent of
Schools are again at war, This condition of affairs
has happened so frequently that these interesting offi
cials really ought to be the directors of a military
academy rather than- of an educational institution
purely peaceful. . >
Late reports from England indicate that the British
believe that the war in South Africa is over. If pre
cedents count for anything- we may expect soon to
read another of those. "I regret to report" telegrams
from some English general. -
'¦ Prophets may predict quiet times . in Kansas this
week. /Mrs. Carrie Nation has quit Peoria journalism
and returned to jail. '
According to the Philadelphia Press a recent, "sup
per" in that city began with cut up oranges, pine
apples, bananas and cherries served in nests of spun
candy: then came halibut cutlets with cream sauce
served in cucumber baskets: French artichokes with
butter sauce formed the third course; capon with po
tato balls and green peas followed; next came the
salad course, which we are told "was a sight for the
eye, the bright red tomatoes being surrounded by
green leaves made from peppers"; stewed terrapin suc
ceeded the salad, and the supper was closed with bonno
glace with chestnut sauce. And yet there are folks
who say that Philadelphia is a slow town,, and that
the people there never eat hilarious suppers.
The Pope celebrated his ninety-first birthday on
Saturday, and reports from Rome announce that his
health "is marvelous" and that he shows no signs of
diminishing vigor. Such vitality in a man burdened
with the care and the work of a great office is a strik
ing illustration of what can be accomplished by a tem
perate life, and the example is well worth any man's
study. - -
PARLIAMENTARY LANGUAGE.
DURING a debate in the Commons a few days
ago Mr. O'Donnell of West Kerry obtained
the fldor and began to make a speech in the
old language of the people of that district. Ths
Speaker called him to order and insisted that he
speak English. Thereupon arose a furious debate.
It was asserted there is no law of the realm requiring
a member of Parliament to speak any particular lan
guage. One member pointed out that in bygone
years the Commons had invited a number of Irish
chieftains to address -hem in Irish; another cited the
fact that he had himself heard in the New Zealand
Parliament a native member speak in the Maori lan
guage. All such arguments, however, were summar
ily set aside by the Speaker, who declared that not
for 100 years had there been any other language
spoken in Parliament but English, and that there
fore the member from West Kerry must speak Eng
lish or hold his peace.
Thje incident gives a renewed interest to the per
plexing problem of what constitutes parliamentary
language. The Speaker of the Commons maintained
in the case before him that a member must speak'the
language that is understood by the .people, so that
they may know what is being said in Parliament on
the issues of the time. The rule sounds well, but it
was weakened somewhat by the emphatic statement
of the man from West Kerry that his constituents
understand Irish.
About the time that dispute was occupying atten
tion in Great Britain the United States Senate was
also engaged in consideration of problems of lan
guage. In the course of an address in favor of an ap
propriation for the distribution of seeds Senator Till
man stated that the measure is in the interests of
'agriculture," and he went on to inform the Senators
that the word is derived from the Latin words "ager"
and "cultura," whereupon Senator Beveridge of In
diana asked him what the Latin words' mean. To
that question Tillman replied, "Whether the Senator
is attempting to display my ignorance or to. display
his own, I prefer to let him interpret. I would not
have undertaken to give the derivation of agriculture
if I had not known something about the roots."
Unplacated by that retort courteous and undismayed
by the fear of the Tillman pitchfork, the Senator from
Indiana returned to ;he charge and insisted that the
Senator from South Carolina translate the Latin
words. He carried His point. . Thus in the . United
States Senate as well as in the British House of Com
mons the precedent has been established that a mem
ber must talk the language of the people. He who
would orate in Irish c* in Latin must hire a hall.
It may be further noted that even Eriglish'docs not
always give satisfaction. In a recent debate on the
postoffice bill Senator Mason could not find a docu
ment from which he desired to read. While he wai
lookinc for it Wolcott moved that the Senate vote
THE encouraging aspect of general trade ten
days ago has become even more pronounce 1
during the past week. From all parts of the
country commercial reports are bright. With the
exception of the cotton and woolen industries almost
all lines are reported in good and steadily improving
condition, The activity in the iron and steel trades
resembles the boom of 1899. The different mills ar»
supplied with orders far ahead, prices are advancing,
and those for some descriptions are actually over thc^
nominal card quotations. Ecuador, Africa and Aus
tralia are in the market for rails and other rail
way material, and the demand for other forms of iron
is said to be healthy and for actual consumption, and
not due to the operations of pools or combinations.
The boot and shoe business is reported lively, though
the rush of buying for the West is on the wane.
Leather is somewhat higher, but hides are depressed
at Chicago, owing to large stocks. Lumber is very
firm under a heavy demand for building, and Chicago
reports the heaviest business ever done in yellow and
white pine. The Northwest reports a large trade in
farming implements, though cold weather in that sec
tion has interfered more or less with the general dis
tributive trade. The jobbing trade in groceries, hard
ware and iron specialties is said to be enlarging. Thi
sales of wool at the three chief Eastern markets art
twice as large as they were at this time last year,
though it is generally believed th'at the purchases are
for speculative, account, as the demand for woolen
goods continues light. There is some improvement
in the export demand for cottons, but it is far from
heavy, and the domestic inquiry' is moderate, while
the prospects are for liberal crops during the coming
season.
While the merchandise situation makes this particu
larly bright exhibit the statistical showing, while still
favorable, is not as brilliant as for the past several
weeks. The country's bank clearings last week gained
18 per cent over the corresponding week in 1900, but
the gain for the preceding week was 60 per cent. For
several weeks every important city in the country
showed an increase in these clearings, but last week
the tendency was just the other way and of the twenty
largest cities only seven gained. The failures, on the
contrary, which have for some time been larger than
for the preceding 3*ear, have turned the tables, and
are now smaller, those for the week being 167, against
173 for the same week in 1900.
The gigantic steel combine still keeps Wall street
unsettled. It has not affected the money market to
any marked extent, but has made prices for the differ
ent stocks concerned more or less irregular and caused
a good deal of cross buying and selling naturally to
be expected during the adjustment of the stocks to
their new conditions. Otherwise Wall street has de
veloped nothing new" during the week.
Here in San Francisco trade is running along nor
rnalfr, without especial feature. The very warm
weather of the past few days has given vegetation a
remarkable start and plants arc growing rapidly in all
sections. The fruit trees are not generally in blossom
yet, having been kept back by the cold weather of the
first two months of the ycar f> but the color of the
bloom is beginning to show here and there. Fruit
growers expect a later season than last year, which h
a good thing, for it is generally found that late sea
sons produce better and higher-priced fruit. The sea
son has thus far fcecn ideal for crops, and the outlook
in this respect could hardly be better.
The desperate fraud perpetrated by Cooper, the ex
convict, upon a California girl is likely to make the
road of unknown strangers with fictitious' prospective
fortunes somewhat hard to travel in this State. Con
victs can teach few lessons which women should care
to learn.
.' • ' —
A visitor from the country has complained to the
police, that, he has been robbed by a female footpad
He should cherish his experience as one of those
amenities of cosmopolitan life which few of us a^e
?¦¦rivileced to enjoy.
CONTINUED IMPROVEMENT IN TRADE
Maxlmlte Is the name of a new high
explosive Invented by Hudson Maxim. At
a recent trial its absolute safety under
certain conditions was demonstrated, a
1000-pound shell of 12-inch diameter be'nff
filled with seventy pounds of maxlmjte;
the shell was fired through, a 7H-lnch ar
mor plate without exploding the charg»,
proving Itself equal to wet cotton In th!a
respect. Subsequently when the shell waa
fired at a velocity calculated to penetrate
heavy armor the shell was broken Into
thousands of fragments.
As protrnoatleated In The Call's r&val
notes under date of. February 25. no addi
tional battleships nor arrnared cruisers
have been voted for. instead of which th*
Secretary Is requested "to prepare plan*
and specifications of two sea-going battle
ships and two armored cruisers, carrying
the most suitable armor and armament
for vessels of their class, and to submit to
Congress a general description' of- such
shlp« on the first Monday In December
next; and the- Secretary • • • shall re
view and further consider the. question
whether such ships shall be sheathed or
unsheathed, weight, and extent of armor,
form and location of .'turrets; whether
any changes should be made In the num
ber and kind of runs of the various sizes
heretofore used in similar ships: what, if
any, torpedo tubes- should be built Into
large ships; extent to which electricity
should be used for auxiliary purposes, and
all other questions which have, arisen and
are now pending among -naval -arhltects
and ordnance experts concerning, the- con-i
struction of battleships under modern con
ditions. And the Secretary shall report
to Congress his opinion, to such an extent
as he may deem expedient u-pon the fore
going questions." It is a pretty larg»
contract with which the Secretary ts con
fronted and will- Involve much time,
thought and labor on the part of the sev
eral exrverts to be called in to settle tho
various questions Involved. But the most
difficult task wjll devolve upon Mr. Long
to reconcile the divergent views and re
port upon what constitutes a perfect ahlp
of-war. ''^:.. .' • ..- ;'•¦¦-¦¦ . .-,
'
McKINLEY'S SECOND TERM.
WHEN Malibran after the triumphs of her youth
and early womanhood 1 , went to Paris in the
maturity of her powers- to meet the critical
audiences of that g»eat_city, Alfred de Musset greeted
her with a phrase whose paradoxical aptness has made
it memorable. He said to her: "You have a splendid
past to look forward'to."
One cannot look forward to the past, yet every on;
understands what the brilliant French poet meant,
and recognizes that he could not have expressed that
meaning more clearly by any other form of speech.
The various stages of human life are so closely linked
together that one reasbnably expects to find the past
repeated in the future. He who has had a successful
career behind him has a right to look forward to a
future equally successful.
President McKinley as he takes the oath of office
and enters upon the second term of his Presidency
has a splendid past to look forward to. His whole
career in life has been fortunate to himself and profit,
able to his country. He has had a splendid good luck
even in his defeats. Had he been chosen Speaker of
the House at the time of his famous contest with
Reed, he would not have made in that office anything
like the great reputation he acquired as chairman ot
the Ways and Means Committee in -draughting the
McKinley tariff bill. He was fortunate again when
he was defeated for Congress in 1890, for that defeat
removed him from the House during the wrangles
over the silver question and enabled him to disclose
in the ofnee of Governor of Ohio those great admin
istrative abilities that convinced the country of his fit
ness for the Presidential office.
His election to the Presidency was attended by an
immediate revival of prosperity, and while that pros
perity was largely due to natural causes which brought
good crops and to improved financial conditions
in Europe which provided good markets, yet it has
been everywhere recognized that McKinley's personal
influence added much to the general good because
his position in the* high office of President of the
United States gave confidence to the people that no
legislation adverse to business and sound finance or of
a disturbing character of any kind would be enacted
during his term. Thus the campaign description of
him as the "advance agent of prosperity" was ful
filled to the letter, and the services of the President
in promoting the general welfare have confirmed the
confidence reposed in him.
The war with Spain came unexpectedly, but was
conducted by the administration both in battle and in
diplomacy with a patriotism and a sagacity which won
as well as merited the approval and commendation of
the people. The great mass of intelligent Americans
were gratified in that emergency by the knowledge that:
the chief magistrate of the republic was one who would
successfully uphold the best traditions of American
statesmanship. The war Was not a great one, nor did
it impose any strain upon the American people, but
it nevertheless served to enable McKinley to reveal
once more the genuineness of his character and his fit
ness for his high office. Consequently having been
thus tried in war and in peace, in. domestic and in
foreign affairs, the vote of the people for the re-elec
tion of McKipley was overwhelming, and he has
closed his first term with a record of which any states
man might be proud.
Such has been the past from which the country
draws auguries of the future. The President enters
upon his second term assured of the confidence and
support, of his fellow countrymen, and under circum
stances that promise ;,n even greater prosperity than
that which has prevailed during his first term. The
grand parades of the inaugural at : Washington will
but faintly express the satisfaction of the people in
their President and in their prospects. The whole
country hails him and salutes him as he enters upon
the second term of his high office, and feels good
cheer in the knowledge that the past will be repeated
and improved in the luture.
MONDAY MARCH 4, *9C*
JOHN D-. SFRECKELS, Propriety.
titnn All CcasccintiCBt tt W. 6. LEAKS. Manager.
MtVMJfSU'ii OFFICE Telephone I'renn I!ut
flULICATlOX OFFICE Market nnd Tlilrd. S. J'.
Telephone Press SOS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2<7 to 221 Slerennoa St.
Telephone I'rcim 202.
DollTrrrd t»j- Cnrrlrrn. IK Ccn<» Per Week.
*lnclr Copten. .". Cent*.
Term* by Mnll. Including I'oMncei
TArLT CALL, fiticluflln* Fundar). cue year S*. 1 *
HAILT C.ATJL «lncludlr.K Sunday). « months 2.00
DATI/T CALL Onrludlnir funflar). * months 1-&3
DAILY CAlvU— By FJr.Rle Mcnth «5fl
fiUNDAT CALL, One Tear 1-M
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1-W
All poftiunXrrn nre unlhorlrrd to receive
«nli«crlpflon«i.
Eunple ccpln will be forwarded when requested.
Kill rab»cr!*»»n« 1n rrd'rinc chanr' of »<!arei"n thnuld *«
particular to «t1t-» both NETV AICD OLD ADDRESS In ortler
to Secure a prompt and correct compliance trlth their requett.
OAKLAND OFFICE X11S Brondwar
C GEORGE KROGXESS.
Ktttrn Fcrrrc Adrtrtisinr, Mtrecetts Bending, Chlctgi.
(Lent- Distance Telephone "Central 2C1J.")
XEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.V. Herald Sqnarc
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 3O Tribune DnlldlBaT
NEW YOBU NEWS STANDS:
WaJflarf -Astoria Hctel; A. Brentano. a Union Square;
Xorrmr Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sberman Hocse; P. O. NewxCo.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICK 1406 G St., N. XV.
HOKTOX K. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES EJ7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. SQ3 Ha.yes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 63*
McAUirter open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkin. open until
i i'j o'clock. 1941 Mlsclon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C9« Valencia, open
cr.tll * o'clock. IC« Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until. 9 o'clock.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
Of all the ships-of-war gathered I" the
Solent to pay the last honors to the dead
Queen, the Japanese battleship Hatsusa
was described in the London Chronicle as
"far and away the finest vessel present.
¦ . ¦ • ..' •" ¦ •
The German armored cruiser "B." build
ing at Kiel. Is to have a battery other
than that first intended. The two 9.4-lnch
guns will be replaced by four 8.26-lnch.
and the remainder of the battery will b«
ten 5.9-Inch and twelve 3,4-inch Tapia
ffrers.
The foreign vessels of war In Astatic
waters numbered 132 on January 19 last,
not Including Japanese ships. The several
navies represented were as follows: Great
Britain. 53; United States. 26; Russia. 20:
Germany. 19; France. IS; Italy. 5; Austria..
4; Holland, 3. and Portugal 2. Included
In these totals Russia leads with ten ar
mored ships. Great Britain, eight; Ger
rrany and United States, four «"»c h j
France, three: Holland, two; Austria and
Italy one each. :
• ¦.•-•7 •
The armor plant of the Beardmore Corflj
pany. near Glasgow. Is a part of the con
cern which has taken the shipyard of the
late firm of Napier & Son. Little. has been
said about the development of the* enter
prise of this company and Its armor plant
comes as a surprise. It has a 12.00O-ton
press and two smaller one?, and thus far
six finishing shops have been Completed.
The output of armor averages from 500 to
COO tons a month, and the shipyard is full
of work, a considerable tonnage beinff
ships for the British navy. - ;*
Two formidable battleships for the Ital
ian navy are shortly to be laid down, ona
the Regina Elena at Spezla. and the Vlc
tor Emmanuel at Castellamara. They.ar©
of moderate tonnage, but are to hav<»
great speed and heavy batteries. The
Regina Elena has a length of 473.75 feet
over all. 436.35 feet length on water B»».
75.46 feet breadth and 12.000 tons displace
ment. .The engines, of • 20.000 horsepower,
are to give a speed of twenty-two knots,
and the coal bunker capacity of 2000 tons
will give a cruising radius of 10.000 knota.
The armament consists of three 12-lnch.
twelve 8-inch, twelve H-poundera, twelv*
6-poundera and four torpedo, tubes. Th»
armor will be 9.84-inch Knipp. maximum
thickness. The Victor Emmanuel Is 435 feet
length on water line. 73.32 feet beam and
a displacement of 12,625' tons, her speed,
armor and armament being Identical with
the Regina Elena. :v • - v -i - ' .
A Board of Trade, return Issued on Feb
ruary 6 gives some interesting figures on
naval expenditures of th© sever* principal
countries, their revenues, mercantile ton
nage. Imports and exports by sea. Tha
figures are for 1S99, except the United
States and Italy, and are as follows:
on the subject. It "was suggested by Chandler . that
out of courtesy for Mason the Senate should take lip
other business until' lie found his document. There
upon Mason replied, "I do not ask for any courtesy. 1
have not received any and I do not expect any. I
want nothing but justice." To that retort Wolcott
answered that the debate on the bill reminded him
of a "continuous performance," and Mason replied
jthat the performance was due to the condition of Wol
cott. < "
Such are the troubles that fret trie souls of presiding
officers of the great councils of the nations. It would
seem to an outsider to be better to permit Latin. or,
even Irish than to allow a Senator to accuse another
of a ''continuous performance," but outsiders evi
dently do not comprehend the full nature of the
problem of parliamentary speech, and their opinion
counts for nothing.
Thomas Hughes and wife, L. C. Wey
and and wife and J.\A. Sill and wife, all
of Colorado Springs, comprising an ad
vance guard of the visiting band of Mys
tic Shriners, are registered at the Russ
House. .
Dr. James J. Murphy and Lieutenant
W M. Athinson of the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey-steamer Path
finder have returned from an extended
surveying trip and have taken apart
ments at the Russ House.
J. H. Howard, a member of. the Hal
leck-Howard Mercantile Company of
Denver, arrived yesterday and registered
at the California. He is about to make
a trip to the Hawaiian Islands, combin
ing business with pleasure.
Len Thomas of Wabash. Ind.. dealer In
hardware and brick-making machinery,
is registered at the Grand.
J. H. Corcoran, a Mariposa attorney, Is
at the Lick.
Frank 'Golden, a Nevada City Jeweler,
is at the Lick.
C. H. Storked an attorney of Santa Bar
bara, is at the Grand.
L. W. Fawquler. an attorney" of Treka,
is registered at the Grand.
George Meyers, a tobacco merchant' of
Fresno, is registered at the. Lick."
PERSONAL MENTION.
Up to that time there had been no large
town or city nearer than New Orleans.
Mr. JDuson came to the conclusion that
It wfs time to establish one. The parish
of St. Landry was selected and the town
of Crowley laid out. As an Inducement
to secure* the parish sent at Crowley
Mr. Duson called the parish commis
sioners together, and offered to donate a
square of ground In the center of the
new town and ?5000 in cash. This was
refused, but the ground was nevertheless
donated, and also the money on condi
tion that if It was not expended on a
courthouse It should be used by the com
missioners in bulldlncr roads leading Into
Crowley. The settlement of the question
was left to a vote of the people, and
After he had advertised the advantages
of the rice section for several years
throughout the Northern States many
settlers began to arrive. Lands that a
short time before could not have been
sold for 75 cents an acre brought $10 an
acre, and the profits from the industry
•were piling up. The irrigation canals
were being I extended In ' all directions,
towns and hamlets were fast dotting the
once prairie waste, and prosperity was
making Itself apparent. These early set
tlers wrote glowing accounts of their
surroundings to their friends at home,
and* the work of the Dusons became
easier.
The first Northern settlers brought to
Acadie parish by Mr. Duson were from
Hillsdale, Mich. He was compelled to pay
the freight on their household goods and
to furnish the money with which to pay
the Government fee to enter their lands.
These people to-day are among the most
thrifty farmers in Southwest Louisiana.
They now cultivate 2000 acres of rice
land. / ,
Mr. Duson's headquarters, now at
Crowley, were then at Rayne, the prin
cipal town of the section In those days.
The newspaper of that town was par
ticularly bitter against his efforts, and,
having some old political scores to set
tle, squared matters by misrepresenting
the country and discouraging strangers
from coming to it. To get It out of the
way Mr. Duson purchased the plant and
locked up the office untft he could find
the right man to run it. •
Hostility of the Native Acadians
When Mr. Duson began to put into ex
ecution his scheme to develop Southwest
Louisiana he encountered conditions that
were peculiarly discouraging. . Nearly all
the people inhabiting the country were
poor and densely Ignorant. They culti
vated small patches of cotton, weaving
it into cloth sufficient for their own use.
They raised their own sweet potatoes,
they had little fields of sugar cane and
they produced rice enougti ror their own
families, which they prepared for the ta
ble by pounding it in wooden mortars and
pouring It from one dish to another to
winnow the chaff from the grain. This
was only twenty years ago. Ihese people
paid no taxes and wanted no improve
ments. There were also cattlemen who
owned thousands of cattle which occu
pied the prairies. It was not to be ex
pected that this class was anxious to
see the ranges broken up and the land
put under cultivation.. If a stranger stop
ped to look at the country not a man
could be found to speak a good word for
Southwest Louisiana. He was told by the
cattlemen that the land was so poor that
It would produce nothing. He was gruffly
informed, by the shiftless and lawless ele
ment that Northern men were not wanted.
• In 18S0 William W. Duson, native Louis
lanian of small means and Incomplete
education; came to the conclusion that
fortunes were to be made In growing rice
In Southwest Louisiana. At that time he
was a merchant. After a consultation
with his elder brother, C. C. Duson. the
two decided to Invest In land and to ex
periment in rice culture. .The natives o&
that region, who were an easy-going, non
ambitious people, liaa long engaged tit
rice-growing on a small scale, the cereal
produced by them being Irrigated only by
natural rainfall. Men owning half a sec
tion of land planted eight or ten acres of
the lowest ground,* using the rest as a.
watershed. Mr. Duson revolutionized the
industry by damming up the gullies,
building reservoirs and pumping the
water out of them on the fields of
growing rice. In this way it became
practicable to plant the grain on every
acre of land' that he owned. His profits
for the first year were so large that he
bought vast tracts of land and extended
his operations. Up to that time genuine
prosperity had been an unknown quantity
to the people of that section.
He next determined to attract settlers
to the country, and made a trip North
and West in the interest of his plan.- Since
he started on that work over 25,000 north
ern and western men have become inhab
itants of the prairies of Southwest Louis
iana. To-day most of them are prosper
ous, their lands are Irrigated by over 6000
miles of canals, and millions of barrels
of ricte are shipped from their fields to
the markets of the country every year.
Mr. Du9on has established towns and fac
tories and enterprises of various kinds,
and the people look upon him not alone
as the leading spirit and master mind
but as tbe benefactor of their country.
Southwest-Louisiana, the land of "Evan
gellne," has been transformed within the
last two decades from a wild waste of
prairie into the center of- a thriving In
dustry. It has been populated by pro
gressive men from Northern and Western
States, and is now one of* the wealthiest
sections of the country. Towns dot every
parlsh, and the homeseekers who but a
few years ago were practically without
means * are now well-to-do or even
wealthy. The development of this rich
agricultural section Is the work of one
man.
Booming of Louisiana's Rice Industry, Being
. ; .the Third of the Series of "The Op
. portunity and the Man."
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS,
By Walter Parker.
COPYRIGHT, 190L
HI. — William "Wilton Duson.
Crowley was declared the parish scat.
A short time later Mr. Duson arranged
a series of excursions from New Orleans
and other places, with free transporta
tion. Auction sales of lots were held,
and hundreds of lots/were sold at prices
ranging from to to $25 each. Many of
these lots have since brought from $3000
to $10,000 each.
To Induce the Southern Pacific railroad
to build a depot at Crowley, C. C. Duson
was compelled to go to New York, visit
the late Collis P. Huntington. then the
president of the railroad, and agree to
pay the expense of putting In the switches
and siding and also to pay the salary of
the railroad agent.
When Mr. Duson moved his newspaper
from Rayne to Crowley the bitter feeling
of the natives broke out afresh. A band
of sixty-two men organized themselves*
Into a Good-of-the-Community League
and sixty of them voted to destroy the
newspaper, plant and burn the home of
W. W. Duson. But Mr. Duson persisted
in his policies and overcame all Ignorant
opposition.
Since these days the growth and devel
opment qf Crowley and the rice country
around it has been marvelous. Emigrants
from Kansas, the Dakotas, Nebraska,
Minnesota and. other States poured Into
the new country. They are now growing
rice. ¦-¦• -.
Until within the last few years 'there
were no manufacturing enterprises In that
entire section and nearly every dollar se
cured by the people was derived from
agriculture, the profits on rice culture so
far exceeding thosa of cotton and sugar
cane that the rice planter has grown
wealthy, while the sugar and cotton
planter has done well to hold his own.
There is now about to be put under way a
plan wherebylarge tracts of swamp land?
In the parishes of Rapides, Avoyelles and
St. Landry will be drained and the rich
alluvial soil given over to the cultivation
of rice. The Dusons are largely responsi •
ble for the enterprise. The levee board
representing these parishes a few weeks
ago sold bonds to the amount of $250,000 for
the purpose of excavating eighty-five
miles of drainage canals and earning oft
the water, which now covers a great por
tion of the parishes during a considerable
period of the year. Into the Red River
and the Island lakes. It is a peculiar fact
that In the lowlands of Louisiana the
ground is higher along the rivers than
anywhere else and the slope is from the
rivers to the lakes. Under the new plan
the drainage will be in both directions by
reason of a system of pumping stations
such as thoso at present In successful
operation at New Orleans. These pump
ing stations will be placed at intervals
along the canals and the water lifted an;l
then precipitated down the succeeding
grade. Much of this land is covered with
valuable timber which will be cleared out
and marketed in New Orleans for export
to Europe.
Making a Poor. Country Rich.
Some years ago W. W. Duaon was asked
where liis profits would come from in his
schemes of development. It seemed that
many of his settlers were growing rich,
while he remained In only moderate cir
cumstances. His reply was: "I will be
worth many millions some of these days,
but to make this possible I must first de
velop the rice lands, make the men
around me rich, make a poor country
wealthy and then draw tribute from It."
The work of development has proceeded
rapidly since that day. and though Mr.
Duson and his brother have grown com
paratively wealthy their successes are yet
to bring them in the great' returns they
have long ago anticipated. Their scheme
is a simple one. after all, and is made
complex merely through the extensive na
ture of their operations. Both own vast
tracts of undeveloped land, which to be
come profitable must first be made to pay
a profit to the homesteader. They hold
the key to the entire situation, through
their ownership of many enterprises on
which the country's prosperity rests In
large measure.
W. W. Duson, while all his Interests are
centered In the rice-producing section of
Louisiana, has the active management of
more different kinds of business on his
hands than any other man in the South,
the details of which he looks after care
fully. C. C. Duson is the diplomat. 'He
It is who In Washington has secured the
tariff protection from the Government
which makes the production of rice so
highly profitable to the Louisiana planter.
The securing of favorable freight rates,
helpful legislation and similar benefits has
been left to C. C. Duson, and in nearl*
every instance his labors have been suc
cessful. W. W. Duson, however, controls
the whole organization. The brothers
work together in perfect harmony and for
the common good.
W. W. Duson is now the owner of the
Crowley Canal Company.- president of tne
Roller Canal Company (limited), vico
president of the Ferre Canal Company
(limited), vice president of the Abbott-
Duson Canal Company, president of tha
Midland Canal Comparry, vice president of
the Miller-Morris Canal Company and
president of the Star Rice Milling Com
pany (limited). He is the controlling
power in dozens of commercial and finan
cial enterprises of various kinds. His lat
est undertaking Is the organization of a
J15.000.000 company to control the rice
market of the United States. The capital
is understood to be available whenever
Mr. Duson is ready for operations to be
gin. A number of New York caDltallst 1 ?
and financiers are associated with Mr.
Duson in this enterprise, which is know*
as the American Rice-growers' Distribu
tion Company (limited). Mr. Duson is
the general manager. .
C. C. Duson. through his wide acquaint
ance'with men of means and prominence
throughout the North and East, has aided
largely in the work of development and
Investment. He is the president of tha
American Rice-growers' Distribution Com
pany. He is also president of the Aeadle
Canal Company and vice president of the
Midland Canal Company. He is State
Senator from the Twelfth Senatorial Dis
trict of Louisiana, composed of St Lan
dry and Acadie parishes. He was bom
on the Merm^ntau River, in St Landrv
parish. August 31. 1546. W. W. Duson wtU
born a few years later.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
WOOT.EN GOODS-J. S. p.. Gonzales.
Z^ a , d £ ty On forei *n woolen or
££[&? n O n lt>thl ?S J s 4 , 4 cent3 P" pound
and 60 per cent ad valorem.
V ?} M^ 0F 18 «-R. I* C. % Relief Hill. Ne
vada County. Cal. A dim© of 1841 does
not command a premium from dealers.
fo U r C a> a cent!? may ** obtsUned from dealer*
T? X^ ERENCE IN njIE -A. S., City.
The difference In time between San Fran
cisco and New York Is 3 hours 13 minutes
fv>n^ n i d » s . : *>*£ween s *n Francisco and
ixmdon It is S hours 8 minutes 48 seconds.
•BILLIARDS-C. E. V.. San Pablo. Cal
Hoyle lays down the rule that playing
with the wrong ball at billiards is a "foul
stroke, and "the penalty for a foul stroke I
is tnat the player cannot count any points I
it? m f]L have made by such stroke and I
his adversary Is entitled to the next play. !
HIS NOBS AND HIS HEELS-D. H
Alviso, Qal. Hoyle rivea the following
definitions of "his nobs" and "his heels"
in cribbage: His nobs— The knave of the
turned up suit; in counting In hand or
crib it marks one point. His heels The !
knave when turned up: it reckons for two
holes, but Is only once counted.
A SOLDIER'S WIDOW— A. C. R.
Marysvllle. Cal. The widow of a soldier '
of the War of the Rebellion is entitled i
to a pension. When she marries again !
her pension ceases, but if the second man '
she. married had also been a soldier of
the War of the Rebellion and he should
die she would again be a soldier's widow
and entitled to a pension.
THE GAMBLERS' ORDINANCE
BEFORE the Supervisors to-day the resolution
authorizing gambling at Ingleside race track
will come up for final -passage. The gamblers
and their allies, Hushed by the success attained in
passing the resolution to print, are now sanguine of
victory and will hardly seek to further postpone the
contest. The vote therefore may be expected to be
taken to-day. The issue is fairly before the Supervisors
and before the people. It is to be shown to-day who
stand for morality and who for gambling and all the
vices and crimes that attend upon gambling.
While the vote on the motion to pass to print
showed a strong majority on the side of the gamblers,
it is reasonable to presume that some of those who
voted aye on that motion will vote no on the ques
tion of adopting the ordinance. Moreover it is dif
ficult to believe that Mayor Phelan after his many
declarations concerning the evil of gambling can,
when brought face to face with 'the issue, so stultify
himself as to approve of the ordinance permitting"
gambling even should it be passed by the Super
visors. Consequently, despite the exultation of the
gamblers, the passage of the ordinance is not yet sure.
There remains a chance for the advocates of morality
to win if they continue to resolutely make the fight
against the evil.
Such being the situation, every good citizen who
feels any responsibility to the community should
either in person or by petition and protest appear
before the Supervisors to-day and oppose the passage
of the ordinance. The position of those who support
morality is strong. They have upon their side not
only the arguments of reason and of experience but
the assurances of the Mayor of his opposition to
gambling, the vote of the people against a proposal
to legalize poolselling, and the pledges of the Super
visors themselves that they would uphold and support
the charter, including that provision which enables the
people to have a voice in determining what shall be
permitted and what shall not be permitted unde:
municipal ordinances.
It is true the utterances of the Mayor of late have
not been in strict accord with his emphatic declara
tions against the toleration of gambling made but a
short time ago, and yet even his latest utterances have
not been of a nature to win support for the gambling
scheme. He spoke of it as a license to permit "pocket
picking." That phrase shows the attitude of the
Mayor to the subject. He may be willing to permit
the practice of gambling at Ingleside track in the
hands of the few rich men who are now applying for
the gambling permit, but he does not shut his eye,
to the true nature of their scheme. He sees and
he says it is a license to "pick pockets" that the
schemers are after; and should he approve an ordi
nance granting the gambling privilege he would put
himself on record by his own words of approving
pocket-picking when practiced by men whom he
favors.
Should the ordinance be passed and approved there
will remain an opportunity to take an appeal to the
people at the coming election, but the ordinance
should not be passe-1. The Supervisors know that
the scheme has been virtually rejected by the people
in tne vote at the last election. They know that
petition after petition from men representing . the
business, the finance and the morality of the city has
been laid before them protesting against the threat
ened wrong. What excuse or even apology can they
make for themselves if they enact such an ordinance
in the face of such protests?
Finally, had there been no protest at all the Super
visors should still oppose the ordinance because of
the lessons experience has taught. It was but a few
days ago that a young man of good family committed
an assault upon a Chinaman and robbed him of money
for the purpose of getting means to make up his
losses on the race track. The annals of the police
court and of the Morgue abound with stories even
more horrible of the evil results of the curse of
gambling. There can hardly be upon the Board of
Supervisors a single man who has not had some friend
or acquaintance brought to ruin and to crime by this
hideous vice. How then can any one of them vote to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; MARCH 4, 1901.
4
COUNTRY.
Oreat Britain
Franc*
United Ctates
Ruoala
Germany
Japan ...................
Italy ,
Million Dollars. *J
r? *| If
I ° -\K ?
. 130.71 «CO |447S !9,1«4.3I3
. 63.9 710 1«4J." M7.75«
. . 49.JJ «28:V207«.7 142.248
. 41.SJ 819.5! 422.li 534.141
33. Si 3SI.5'23S0.3 1,£3<».S."2
. Tl-M 11"' ' S' 1 *'' 648.824
. 23.8| 350.91 361. s; S15.1S3
COUNTRY.
Oreat Britain
Franc*
United Ctates
Ruoala
Germany
Japan ...................
Italy ,
Million Dollars. *J
r? *| If
I ° -\K ?
. 130.71 «CO |447S !9,1«4.3I3
. 63.9 710 1«4J." M7.75«
. . 49.JJ «28:V207«.7 142.248
. 41.SJ 819.5! 422.li 534.141
33. Si 3SI.5'23S0.3 1,£3<».S."2
. Tl-M 11"' ' S' 1 *'' 648.824
. 23.8| 350.91 361. s; S15.1S3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By American Auction Co.— Tuesday, March 12. at 10 o'clock.
8000 Ter.ts. etc.. at 517 Market street.
Choice candles, Townsend'i, PalaceHotaL*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend' a.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery «t. Telephone Main 1042. •
""Waterman," "Stanly," "Marshall" and
"Falcon" Fountain - Pens are.the best la
the world for the: money. -Sanborn.. Vail
& Co.. Stationery Department,. selling
agents for San Francisco. ¦';¦¦. " . •
. ¦¦ ? ¦ 'm~ ¦ ¦ . ;
China's beverage is not confined entirety
to tea. During 1S39 she Imported from Ger-
many beer to the amount of KSS.QOO. : '¦$</:
Cheap to Bakersflold.
The Santa Fe will sail you a .ticket to Bakers-
field and return at the very low rat» of tlX
Good to leave San Francisco March 9th. SH«
riles to the Kern County. oil wells' at very low
rates. Secure your sleeping; car reservation*
and make all arrangements at the company"*
office. Ml -Market street, or.at Ferry, depot.
« » ¦ 1 1 . ¦ ¦ . ¦¦¦ ¦
Secretary Long/keeps on his desk itn
alarm clock to remind -him -of appoint-
ments, regarding which he is very partic-
ular. • ¦. . r . '¦'-' ¦::¦ .' . ' ¦ . .
Orrb«nm-Vau(levine.
Grand Opera Hour*— "Around the World In Eighty Day§."
Alcazar — '•Countess Guckl."
Columbia — "Zaza." #
Tlvoll— "Wizard ot the Nile."
Ontral— "The Black Flag."
i 'ajifornia— "Faust."
Olympla. conwr Maeon ami E<S<Jy stx*et«— Specialties.
Ohutee. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. '
Ftschrr's— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion-Trained Animal Show.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— R*ce«.
Tanforan Park — Racn.
AMUSEMENTS.
. AT" HOTEL. DElJ CORONADO .the season U
now on at full tide. .American and European
plans. , Best of everything. Including the char-
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montffom-
«ry,8t.. city, for special ticket . -
. If a child is thin, let him
take a little of Scott's emulsion
of cod-liver oil. : : • • . ¦ ¦ ' .
Some children like it too
well; begin with a; littie. A
half- or quarter-teaspobnful is
enough. at first, if tlie stomach
is weak; but '.increase, as you
find the stomach will bear..
The effect is: -the little one
takes on strength; gets .hungry-
eats arid is'happy; gets fat— he
ought to be fat — and gets
healthy. . • • . - ':
We'll send yoo » little to try 1! yon lilte. %#k$
SCOTT & BOWNE. Pearl street. New York.
THIN CHILDMRS. FLORA ARNOLD, WHO HAS CREATED A STIR IN SWELL SO
CIETY ANT5 SURPRISED HER FASHIONABLE FRIENDS BY DECID
ING TO BECOME AN IMPRESARIO.
The Judge denied the motion and or
dered the case restored to the calendar.
It will be called next Saturday to be set.
The District Attornev wants to keep the
second charge of embezzlement hanging
over Widber so that any attempt on the
part of his friends to secure a pardon for
him may be unavailing.
The motion* made three- weeks ago be
fore Judge Cook to dismiss the charge
still hanging over A. O. Wldber, the de
faulting ex-City Treasurer, who Is now
serving a term In San Quentin, was ar
gued before the- Jud^e Saturday morning.
Attorney Pelxotto argued in swprx>rt of
the motion, which wea opposed by As
sistant District Attorney Deuorey.
Against Him Denied by Judge
Cook.
Motion to Dismiss the Second Charge
ATTEMPT TO "PARDON
» WIDBEB. FRUSTBATED
Previous to the convention a meeting
of the Ancient Order of Hibernians was
held, also for the purpose of promoting
the St. Patrick's day celebration. Father
Crowley, State President Conklin, County
President Donahue and Professor J. H.
Gallagher delivered addresses. Represen
tatives from different districts were pres
ent and pledged themselves to take charga
of the different districts of the city that
the work might be systematized.
A chorus of 2i/0 voices from Sacred Heart
College will be a feature of the evening
celebration, March 18, in Mechanics' Pa
vilion. The afternoon festivities of that
day will be In the Central Theater, where
Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge will be the
orator. There will also be an original
poem by J. M. Miller and a presentation
of "Colleen Bawn," under the direction
of James M. Ward. The evening pro
gramme includes a promenade concert' by
Roncovieri's band and stereoptlcon views,
a ball following.
Chorus of Two Hundred Voices.
No less sincere however, was the con
vention's endorsement of the late Judge
Cooney, who had for many years been
a member of the convention that cele
brates the Celtic national holiday. Mr.
O'Connor rend the resolution, and fully
half an hour thereafter was consumed In
the expression of eulogies by members of
the convention. Mr. O'Connor spoke at
length of Judge Cooney's connection with
the body In session, and others who added
their testimonials to his life work and
character were Messrs. McGrath, Can
nlffe and Lynch.
Intense enthusiasm was created when
the resolution spoke of Mr. White as the
man who had "made illustrious that seat
that had already been filled by three men
of his race. Broderlck, Conness andCasser
ly." It extolled his virtues as a citizen,
the strength of his fidelity, loyalty and
courage, the purity of his home, and re
counted the story of the . noble Impulses
that had ever been his guiding star in
his service to the people. Mr. Barry, Mr.
Heenan, Colonel McGrath and others
spoke feelingly of the deceased, and oth
ers In the convention added eloquent
words of praise. Sympathy was, of course,
extended to the bereaved family of the
ex-Senator, and a suitably engrossed copy
of the resolutions was ordered sent them.
Made Seat Illustrious.
Speeches eulogistic of the late ex-Sena
tor Stephen Mallory White and Judge
Michael Cooney consumed the greater
portion of the proceedings of the St. Pat
rick's" day convention- yesterday after
noon. The session was held In Red Branch
Hall, 1133 Mission street.
In its zeal to make the forthcoming' St.
Patrick's day celebration a notable
achievement, the convention did not for
get to honor the name of the man who
has been such a conspicuous figure in the
national arena. Resolutions to the mem
ory of ex-^Senator White had been care
fully prepared by a committee consisting
of R. C. O'Connor, chairman; Thomas F.
Barry, John Heenan and Thomas F. Mc-
Grath.
Chorus of Two Hundred Voices From
Sacred Heart Will Be a Feature
of Evening Cele
bration.
St, Patrick's Day Convention
Delf gates Honor Mem
ory of White.-.
JOIN IN PRAISES
OF DEAD SENATOR
Travelers' Delight
It is a pleasure to visit our leather
goods department and see the outlay of
good values. Trunks, valises, pocket
books, traveling: rolls, cameras, little ROld
clocks and toilet articles. All fine leather
poods lettered in gold without charge.
Sanborn," Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
VIENNA, March 3.— A rumor is current
that A. C. Harris, United States Minister,
will be succeeded by Robert .McCormlck
of Chicago. Mr. Harris leaves Vienna In
two weeks, and after a trip to the Riviera
will return to America.
The story is current In • the American
colony that, he will enter ta« Cabinet as
Attaraey GaaaraJ
Ie About to Leave Vienna, and After
Brief Trip Will Return to
America.
HARRIS MENTIONED FOR
ATTORNEY GENERALSHIP
BELOIT. 111.. March 3.— Homer Payn?.
a mechanic, aged 45 years, shot his wife
and Arthur Cady, a neighbor of whom he
was Jealous. Then, placing a revolver to
his head, he killed hlmse-'* Instantly. Mr'.
Payne will recover. CaC** was not serl-s
ously Injured.
Jealousy Causes a Tragedy.
of work done by the Congress Just closing
was shown to-day In a supplement to the
House calendar prepared by Tally Clerk
"Workfleld of the House staff. The Con
gress was in session 197 days, which Js
less than any Congress for years. Tho
following is given of bills. a«ts, etc.:
Number of bills, 14,336; number of re
ports, 3000; public acts, 3*5; private acts,
1250; total acts, 1506; number of joint
resolutions. 335.
Great Amount of Work Done by Con
prees During a Comparatively
Short Session.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— The volume
FOURTEEN THOUSAND
THE NUMBER OF BILLS
Situation Is Serious at Marseilles
and Cruisers May Have to
Carry the Mails.
MARSEILLES. March 2.— A mob of sea
men .and -stokers who joined the strike
»f dock laborers marched to the docks
th!s . moralrg ar.d .endeavored to indues
the crews to quit the .steamers. There
was some disorder before the strikers
were .dispersed by the police.
The steamship companies are experienc
ing considerable dtfticulty In recruiting
laborers and a' number of ships which
have arrived stac« the strike began have
been' compt-lled to proceed without dis
charging their cargoes.- The P. and O.
Steam Navigation Company's Golconda,
from London, proceeded for India with
out discharging her cargo consigned to
Marseilles, and the same company's
Fteamer Himalaya, from Colombo, pro
ceeded for London, unable to discharge
8X» bales of s!!k.
The Government has ordered the Med
iterranean light division, consisting of six
cruisers, to coal at Toulon, with a view
to taking over the mail service for Al
geria and Corsica In the event of th*
frtrikers interfering with the mail pack
eis. Bcveral steamers managed to dis
charge perishable cargoes by the aid ot
the crews and employe* of the consignee*.
STBIKERS INTERFERE
WITH FRENCH SHIPPING
After the honeymoon, which is belnj?
spent amid the orange groves, Dr. and
Mrs. Stevens will return to the realities
of life and begin housekeeping at 2320
Devlsadero street.
I never before saw such elaborate deco
rations and such fanclrul weaving of blos
soms as those which made the Fortman
home beautiful. All the rooms In the
house were thrown open to the guests, and
each room had a liberal share of floral
decorations. •
A custom of the long ago was Introduced
with most charming effect at the pretty
wedding of Emma Fortman and Dr. Ste
vens on Tuesday evening last. The fair
young bride walked proudly to the altar
leaning on the strong arm of him who was
to be her support through life.
: ~— -^
Miss Elena Robinson, who has been the
most feted of the debutantes, leaves
shortly with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
James Robinson, for Southern California.
Thousands of visitors at the Presidio
yesterday tendered a fitting welcome to
the Thirty-sixth Infantry. At an early
hour In the morning the reservation was
crowded, and when the whistles of the
bay steamers carrying the returning vol
unteers were heard, all rushed to tho
wharf. Stationed there were the garri
son troops and the Third Artillery band,
awaiting the arrival of the regiment. Aa
soon as the vessel reached the dock the
band rendered Its choicest selections, and
the escort presented arms.
The men disembarked rapidly, and were
soon In marching order. Headed by tho
band the parade started, the post soldiers
falling in behind the musicians and tho
Manila heroes In the rear.
The regiment was escorted to the upper
portion of ModelCamp and all along the
line of march the spectators shouted
cheering words of welcome. The men
reached the camp after a few minutes*
march and were soon disbanded and or
ganized into working parties. The hurry
and bustle attendant upon preparing a
camp for the occupancy of hundreds of
troops took up the early hours of the day,
but by noon the quarters of the men were
ready for the visitors anxiously awaiting
a chance to ask questions concerning
friends In the Philippines, and to listen
to tales of stirring adventure.
Those who remained on the wharf after
the landing of the Thirty-sixth Infantry
and its 6tart for camp witnessed
a sad spectacle. The unloading
of the bodies of those who died in Manila
began. From the hold of the steam
er were brought up the plain long boxes,
containing the remains of the soldiers.
In a few moments the crowd had. quietly
dissolved, for the contrast between the
•home-coming of the living soldiers and of
those who had sacrificed their lives in far
away lands was more than it could en
dure.
Ira Klpp, an artillery private, was
thrown from his horse yesterday after
noon and suffered a fracture of a bone
In his left ankle.
Lt. F. Boughen and Leo de Norbonne
died yesterday at the General Hospital.
Warm Welcome of Thirty-
Sixth Infantry Upon Ar
rival at Presidio. •
REACH QUARTERS
IN MODEL CAMP
Mrs. George Doubleday, who Is visiting
her people In Oakland, will soon return
to her New York home, whence she will
be accompanied by her sister. Miss Lucy
Moffltt. The present visit is Mrs. Double
day's first one since she left a bride, about
a year ago. Her many friends had a
charming opportunity to greet her on
Tuesday last. . when her mother. Mrs.
Moffltt, gave an elegant dinner in Mrs.
Doubleday'o honor at her home in Oak
land. The dinner was a most elaborate
affair, for which fifty covers were laid.
Mrs. Jewett has adopted the prevailing
Eastern fad— Lenten readings. The first
of these affairs took" place at Mrs.
Jewett's home on Mondav evening last,
and the clever reader. Miss Jennie Long,
presented a delightful programme. Mr.
and Mrs. Jewett did not appear at the
reading owing to the recent death of their
most Intimate friends, Mr. and Mrs.
Rounsevelle Wildman.
public until early In the fall, when they
promise some sort of affair, altogether
new, and with which they hope to fill
tho hospital's coffers.
Although special dispatches from Porto
Plata, Santo Domingo, have shown that
serious trouble with Haytl was expected,
strict censorship has been maintained by
Haytl and such dispatches as heretofore
have been permitted to go out have been
denials of any activity on the part of the
republic.
It Is evident, however, that Haytl Is now
taking steps to offset the gathering of
Santo Domingo's naval and military forces
at Monte Christi, near the scene of tho
recent fighting on the boundary.
Cape Haytlen. the objective roint o f the
expedition that has left Port au Prince,
Is the Haytlen seaport nearest the terri
tory in dispute. i
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1M1. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PORT ATI PRINCE. Haytl, March 3.— A
strong military and naval force, accom
panied by the President of the republi?
and several members .of the Cabinet, lelt
the capital this % morning for the north.
It was officially announced that they had
gone for a month's tour to Cap© Haytl -in
and the northern part of the republic Tho
Ministers of Finance and the Interior are
left in charge of the Government, the
Ministers of War and of Foreign Affairs
having accompanied the military force.
Sends a Strong Expedition
to the Santo Domingan
Frontier.
HAYTI IS MAKING
READY FOR WAR
The proposed "rummage sale" that the
patronesses of the Children's Hospital
have been worrying about has been de
clared "off." The ladles having the af
fair in hand met one difficulty after
another, until they finally had to succumb
to the inevitable. Anyway, the "rummage
sale" had all the new shine rubbed off it
by the successful little affair gotten up
by a bevy of enthusiastic girl-workers in
the name of the Infants' Shelter. They
had two eales, each of two days' dura
tion, and they netted altogether $300.
Three hundred was much for the infants.
but for the Children's Hospital It would
only be a drop In the bucket. The patron
esses of the hospital. have taken all these
points Into consideration, and their decis
ion is to make no appeal to a generous
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Burton Har
rison are on their way out here, ac
companied by Mrs. Burton Harrison.
They are going, however, for a tour
of Mexico before coming here. I
understand that the desire to be present
at the weddings of Mary Scott and young
Martin and Caro Crockett and Laurence
Scott Is what brings the distinguished
party out here. Caro Crockett and Mary
Scott were bridesmaids when Mary
Crocker became Mrs. Harrison, and the
gossips have It that the bride promised
them to assist at her bridesmaids' wed
dings when this happiness should come to
them.
Mrs. Arnold is more than a lover of
music. She is the fortunate possessor of
a magnificent voice that has been trained
by the finest European masters. When
Frangcon Davies is here Mrs. Arnold will
give a musicale and will sing with the
great man. At present the lady Is sing
ing considerably with Edgar 'Mills. Tha
beau of Menlo has a magnificent voice,
which blends beautifully with that of the.
society impresario.
Although Mrs. Arnold Is new among us,
sh« has many friends here, friends who
enjoyed the hospitality of her foreign
home. Alice Ames (now Mrs. Robblns)
and Bessie Ames were known in the Ger
man capital as "Mrs. Arnold's tea girls,"
because they might always be found
pouring tea at the delightful Arnold "at
homes."
I have never seen a more perfectly ap
pointed horne than Mrs. Arnold's. And I
ceased to marvel at it when I was told
that the house was built to suit the re
markable furnishings. All that is in that
elegant Washington-street house was In
Mrs. Arnold's home In Berlin. Both Mr.
and Mrs. Arnold spent many years in
collecting that furniture, and when they
decided to build here they decided also
that all that made their Berlin home
beautiful should be brought out to grace
the house in California.
Mrs. Arnold's home is an ideal one for
entertaining. The apartments are spa
cious and filled with wondrouif carved
wood and gobelin upholstered furnltura
and many works of art. Her nrtisic room
seats 300 people and is as a music room
should be— destitute of all superfluous
hangings and without even a rug on the
exquisitely polished floor — nothing. In
short, that might interfere with the per
fect acoustics of the room.
Mrs. Flora Arnold is the lady, and her
first act in the transformation scene will
b« the introduction of the world's great
est barytone, Frangcon Davles. Mr. Da
vies will come out here in April by spe
cial invitation of Mrs. Arnold, give two
concerts, probably at the California Thea
ter, and spend one whole month on the.
coast, the guest of his friend and man
ager.
Mrs. Arnold Is already busily preparing
to entertain her distinguished guest. Big
gest among the many things ehe has
planned is a reception in his honor, to
which, in addition to the lady's personal
friends, will be asked all the music teach
ers of this city and their pupils. "I love
all students of music." says Mrs. Arnold,
in explanation of this novel form of en
tertainment, "and I want them to enjoy
the great lesson of meeting a world fa
mous musician."
MUSIC and the love of music —
these have been the cause of
many wondrous transformation
Bcenes. but none, I wager, more
marvelous than thia their last
achievement— the converting of a society
woman into a full-fledged Impresario.
BY SALLY SHARP.
Considerable alarm Is felt In the north
ern mining '¦amps, which are, however,
prepared to give any marauders a warm
reception. Maxims a.id plenty of small
firms are stated to have been supplied to
the American mining camps in \Vunean
district ar.d it 1* believed they could hold
out for weeks if .necessary.
A- thousand Korean troops under Colo
r.el Kim Yi Chong had. in fact, left Seoul
for Wuju. and 500 more were being dis
patched from Pingyang City, while a Jap
nr.ese warship was to co-operate at a
piven pnir.t on the coast. Meantime* the
Russians, who. it appears, had driven the
l'oxe-rs Rnd banditti south from Kirln,
were following up the enemy and even
cr<i?fed the border and occupied several
Korean villages, which they looted and
rtrore the Inhabitants into the hil!s. The
Russians were still holding the Korean
territory when the' last couriers from the
T"rvjr!>e<! district were dispatched with
rppTts for the Government.
A large number of Koreans found the
Boxersand were making their way south
when, hearing that The Japanese and Ko
rean governments were taking steps to
' r'--«h them, tfcey began to retrace their
fCtepu northward.
VICTORIA. March 3.— Shanghai papers
received by the Olympia publish advices
from Korea that upward cf 3000 Boxers
end Manchurian robbers have crossed the
upper waters of the Tumen River and are
reported to have attacked and looted
Jnoheng. a place recently opened to for
eign commerce. As lurk ¦would have it,
the Japanese gunboat Maya happened to
arrive at Incheng when the trouble was
In full swing and she took all the Japan
ese residents on board and carried them
to Gensan.
Opportune Time.
BOXERS ATTACK INCHENG.
Japanese Gunboat Arrives at a Most
Th> suhject of legation defenses is beinx
considered, although this will be left for
final consideration until the United States
Government has reached a decision as to
the legation barracks cjuestinn. which tho
Irpraiion Is ar.xious to have settled imme
diately In order that the building may be
constructed before the rainy season sets
In. '
Particularly noticeable Just now are the
Fharp lines drawn between the various na
tionalities at the social functions. General
Gaselee, the British commander, gave an
elabbrat* dinner at which only British,
3rrraan and American representatives
were present. Including generals, ministers
or.d fceeretaxies of legations. M. de Gier*.
the Russian Minister, gave a banquet at
which only TtusFlahf, ¦ Frenchmen and
Austrians ; were gruests.^ while the Japan
ese Minister entertained at dinner last
evening alj Americans and Japanese. The
Officers' Club at the Temple of Heaven,
where g-arnes and other amusement* are
provided, is attended only by the English.
Americans: and Germans, with the possible
'exception of a few Jananese on rare oc
casions. :
The Ministers of the powers now meet
thriee' a' week, but no business of great
Importance Is transacted. They are now
grfr.ir over local claims.
In French military circles It Is freely
asserted that the French intend to send a
force to be stationed permanently at Han
kovr. and to guard the other end of the
r»uhan raldroad. 120 kilometers of which
hasr been faptured. More definite Infor
mation on this .point Is awaited with anx
iety by the British, who regard such an
Intention with serious misgiving, becausa
tt Is calculated to brinz about complica
tions with the Tag-srtse Vleerovs, If for no
other reason.
The Germans phow few eigns of Inten
tion • to depart, but they are endeavoring
to pell. 60.000 American and Austrian
horpfp. as well a* a quantity of camels.
It is rumored the French intend to with
flraw rnort of iheir forces, leaving only
an infantry brlpade, a regiment of cavalry
end . some .ertillery to protect the French
le«ratlr>n and to guard the lines of com
munlcatlnix A part of this, Is it under-
Ftood. will be employed to guard the
Franco-Belgian railroad from Poking to
Paotlng-fu
PEKING, March 3^The American oreo
»-rc.tion8 tor departure are going actively
forward. All Bupplies, except enousrh for
two companies, have been packed and
marked t-OT Manila. The British plans
contemplate a summer along the Pleho
and a general withdrawal of forces to
India, leaving behind by next winter half
a ba.ttalion of Welsh Knslleers as a lega
tion gT;ar<l In Peking, together with an
Indian regiment to guard the railroad.
FrfLiice'e | Intention to Establish a
¦ Perm » Trent Bail way Garrison.
Causes Anxiety to Great
Britain.
Plans for the Evacuation of
,?:§! P#king 60 Rapidly
I Forward.
AMERICANS SOON
TO LEAVE CHINA
SOCIETY: FASHIONABLE MATRON AS
AN IMPRESARIO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1901.
5
ADVEKTISEMENTa.
212-214 Market Street, San Francisco.
SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD, Agents,
BOTTLE LuKtS
MCBURNEY'S
Kid nev «nd Bladdtr
iviuucy cure
A thorough cure lor
pains In the back,
BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
female troubles, lncon-
tiuence Of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gal] stones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT .
THE OWL DRTJfl CO.. 112S Market St..
AND AT
DAHLBENDER DRI T G CO. 1 , 214 Kearny st.
Send 25c In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney,
418 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cal., for 6
day's treatment. Prepaid' II 60. Druggists.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
DIRECTORY
Catalogues and Price. Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IROM.
Jr Vil SOY & C(\ 9C0 Battery Street.
•V nlLOUIVa UJ-, Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
r W QMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
W- TT» ~ ITU HI, Ship Work a specialty. 16 and
13 Washington st.' Telephone Main 6641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA<J RAVF5 R fft Shipping Butchers. 104
JA5- DVICSCH WU- day. Tel. Main 1M4.
>¦!-; C fi'r '/.-OILS. '. ¦: , ...
LUBRICATING OILS, LEONARD & ELLIS.
415 Front St., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
EC nnnflFC printer. *
l/« nUUllCji Ell Sansome St.. S. . F.
PRINTERS.' BO0KBINDER3.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First Street, San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
SIX California DA DTRIOfiF Telegraphic
Btreet. lAIHlliUUE Codes.
cL J
S2i»5^330 MARKETbT. SJf!N»S8^
jm^ VIM, VIGOR, VITALI TY for MEN
' MORMON BISHOP'S PILI.S
JBjfcsS»-!S5» have been In use over fifty
aBftSHf^f'SH's* years by the leaders of the
SSS^i.^J^3i Mormon Church and their fol-
Igftwf^vJjjSal lowers. Positively euro the
i^?§Kf?rE?ra worst cases In old and young
«^^\fiSiiI BrlslnK from effects of self-
o.iKare'tte-smoklnK.' Cure Lost
Manhood. 'Impotency, Lost
siSr 1 Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Ivoss of Semen, mmm Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, stops Ne*3 fj rvoun Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects r^-Tv-, 4 r e Immediate.
Impart vigor and*- c ' 11 to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restor* small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve canters; C0c a
box; 6 for $2 CO by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 8 boxes, cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
4C< Ellis st.',' San Francisco, CaL • GRANT
DRUG CO.. SS and 40 Third st.
MOfiOSCO'S
GRAND 1 OPERA MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY. .
THIS EVENING. ; ' '. '
Magnificent Revival of the Painoua Spectacle. '
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
Introducing the ELEPHANT PRINCESS. •
Pplendld Cast. Scenery and Effects.
PRICES .10c. 15c. Kc. SOo
F«w Froivt Rows In Oreh«sstra, 75c.
GOOD RESERVED SEAT— •
IN ORCHESTRA AT ALL MATINEES. Oc
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.- • .
SEMBRICH.
FIRST APPEARAXCE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
SEMBRICH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction of C. L. GRAFF.
MOROSCCS GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
COMMENCING MARCH 1STH.
Two weeks, wltb serformanees on Monday '
and Wednesday evenings and Saturday after-
noons.
Repertoire— "BarbeT of Seville." "Rlsoletto,**
"Don Pajquale," "La Travlata," "Pag:! lace!."
"Faust." "Lucia." etc.
Subscription seats— six perfonn&nces— no repe-
titions — Orchestra and two front .rows of dresa
drle. 125; balance of dress circle and back row» .
of orchestra. J15; front ro-ws of family circle.
110; single night seata. $3. M. & Jl.iO; rallery.
unreserved. SI. Season sale commences Wednes-
day next, at box office: stntrle night sale,- March. .
13th. Applications for boxes should be . made at .
once to Mr. Alfred Bouvler. Grand Opera-nousa.
*TIVOL;I*
EVENING3 AT 8. MATIN ma SATURDAY
AT X. . ¦
"A BIGGER HIT THAN EVER,"
WIZARD
% E NILE!
WITH HARTMAJT ANX> WHEELA.V.
Coming— ' 'THE^WEDDIN B DAY."
POPULAR PRICES ;....Se and 50o
Telephone — Bush 9.
A BXXi. OF ATTRACT! V 13 NOVELTIES.
papTnta.
WILSON AND WARING. THE ORISKANT3.
KATHERINE BLOODOOOD. JOHN LB
HAT. BARD BROTHERS. DUMOND'3
MINSTRELS. THE BIOGRAPH.
LAST WEEK OF
ROBERT BILLIARD 'AND CO.
Reserved 6eats, I3c; Balcony, 13c: Oper»
Chairs and Box Seats, i Me.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATVRDAT.
LEWIS MORRISON'8 Magnificent Produo*
tion of ,* . T
"FAUST."
Everything New — Company and Production Di-
rect from New York.
New and Novel Electrical Effects. • ,
The Marvelous "BROCKEN" Scene, with Gen-
uine Flashes of Llghtniner on<i the
MAGIC RAIN OF FIRE.
Next — Sunday Eve, March 10, first time in
this city, the big; popular New York Casino
success — <0 peopl>>— 40.
•THR TELEPHONE- GIRL."
EVE— 25e. S5c. EOc. 73c, »L Mat— 25o. 50c. 75c
: NOTE— No telephone or mall orders accepted.
LAST « NIGHTS-MATINEE SAT.
Only Appearances Hera ot
MRS.
LESLIE GARTER
After Her London Triumph.
As-ZAZAln - .
DAVID BELASCO'9 PLAT
PRICES ...ta. 1 60. H, 75c and «Cot
NEXT MONDAY— ' •
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
De Koven and Smlth'a great comlo opera.
ftft&SrSHt:
TO-NIOHT AND ENTIRE, . WEEK— — .
Anjustln Daiya Comedy, • • '. "
Countess Gucki
A , PLAT OF SCENIC AND COSTUME ' .".' '
SPLENDOR. . ' '
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
NEXT WEEK •.-••*:
"THE LAST WORD.'?
BEIASCO *"* THALCSjfoifltigz
Phone South U3 . •
Beginning TO-NIGHT— Every Ev*n«; This Wetlc.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production — The Great Melodramia
THi: " . . • •
BLAGKFLAG!
The Greatest Convict Play Ever Written. ¦ •.
Th« ThrtlllnsT Escape from Portland Prisoa. "
A Big Scenic Presentation. • . . ¦
Startling Mechanical Effects.
DDIfEC I Evenings 10c. 15c. SKic, ftOo
rnlVCJ I Matinees ...lOe. 15c, 25o :
NEXT WEEK "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
RACING I RACING! RAGING I
. :: MOO-WINTER MEETING— 1901. . :
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs.
day. Friday and Saturday. Rala or shine..-
Five or more races. each. day. .' ->-"- : "*:-
Races start at 2-15 p. m. sharp-. - '¦ * ¦
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at IS m. and - >
12:30,* 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. ra.,- connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance ta th«
track. Lait two cars on train reserved . .for . :
ladies and their escorts; no*smokinc. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All -trains .via
Oakland mole connect with. San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-: ¦'
land. Also all trains via AUmeda. mole eon- .
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland, These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes: " - :
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and"
4:45 p. m. arid Immediately after the last race. '.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR... President ¦ • •
R. B. MILROT. Secretary. • • . • -
.» .^liwa'fc,*.-, ¦» Bin ?* I? a.hcn-polaoncms
remedy for Gon«rrh^ a,
Glaet, Spermitoi rh.a\ .
JS&Ytt, l u i dl»Ti.'Cl VThlt««. unnatural dlj-
Mffyff owiisMd M chargi . or any infliirem*.
h4s>? net to «tri«i»r-. tion. I . rit»tion or ulcer*- . .
P> T . J r«Mou e«nu<ioa. tion -f innoooi mem*
IffStTHEEvMttCHEMicuCa. b " 3 , P ?- *"on-»strlngwt.
'^WaEaW^ *>r «.xpre«. prepaid, fo*
1i£fr8»8'»S!(F&E! HO", or 3 bottle.. |2.73.
**^mtffl3SFi>' Qi 1'L. tzUt ient oa nquuet.
Weekly Call, SI per Tear
Iggi In the Schlitz brewery you will find a plate glass room. In it p£*j
"*?* are cooling pipes, over which the hot beer drips. Above it is an «v|
r(S air filter, and no air comes into this room save through that filter. PrJ
»p No germs can reach beer handled with. such rare caution. EtfjRj
KjS But, after the beer is aged, we filter it, then bottle and seal it, ErSn
j&Sfi then sterilize every bottle.
gi^ We take triple precautions because beer is a saccharine yi™q
yT product. Impurities multiply if they get into it. There is no If MS
\}jl S ra^ e between absolute purity and utter impurity. . • hJL.4
jjjtfjlj Every bottle of Schlitz is absolutely pure, and purity is Epf"l
!s?3J healthfulness. Your physician knows — ask him. t££H
J&jgjj 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. flrd!
TELEPHONE Kf f»»
222-224 SUTTER ST..
SPECIALREiCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
First special sale this season of the
WHITE MOUNTAIN ICE
CREAM FREEZERS of triple mo-
tion, best in the world.
Last lQt. 2Qt. JQt.
Season $1 TO f 2 to S3 60
-Vow 1*1.2.1 91.OS 91.O5
Last 4 Qt » 6 Qt. 8 Qt.
Soeson {2 75 | 13 85 Xt SS
Now $2.20 «2.3O 93.65
Asparagus, Hickmott's 20c tin
Extra choice. Regularly 23c.
Macaroni, Vermicelli. Spaghetti, I2^cpkg
Letters and Numbers. Imported.
Rerularly lSo package.
Apricots, Dried, choice fruit 2 lbs 25c
Regularly 20c lb.
Prunes, Cal. French, large size 10c lb
Rerularly 15c.
Mackerel S^uSS?*"* " 15c tin
Yarmouth Bloaters . 20c tin
English. Preserved la tins. Rex. 25c.
Roysns a la Vatal I2J3
Fardinea with pickles and truffles.
Regularly 15c.
Clams, Eastern, 2-lb tins 15c tin
Al quality. ' Rogrularly 20c
Olive Oil, "Lu.ca" ,5Ccbot
L. 1j. 4; Co.'s Imported. Reg. BIc.
Orhnlal Coffee 2 hs 55c
A hizh-crnde blend. Roasted and
ground fresh daily. Regularly 35c
Scotch Whiskey $1.15 bot
Finest old Glenllvet. Slater Roeer. ft Co.
Recularly Jl 50.
Poor " Rion7i " Brewed- in Rochester.
uCBI, niBII£l N . Y.. of tho nn~> lm-
: r«rted hors.
Dob. qts.. reff. « 45 $2.10
Doz. pts.. res- U 60 91.35
CIGARS _ ".LA MURIEL."
Fresh importations from Havana
and Key West.
•March Catalogue ready— FREE.
THE
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
IN THE VAULTS OF THE
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT
AND TRUST COMPANY
ONLY COST $5.00 PER YEAR
' (And Upward).
"WHY THEN' WORRY OVER THE 8AFE
KEEPING OF TOUR VALUABLES
AND IMPORTANT PAPERS.
Corner California and Montgomery Streets.
H l5E2»^<S<3 .! !¦„ lll>XcSr£z2l M
BB^wOM if Is I! IxBnHSVS
nil inr These hotels pos-
i ALA lit 6CSS the attributes
that tourists and
pnfj travelers appreciate
°» u —central location,
PDA KIR liberal manage-
UllnllLJ ment, modern ap-
llftTri O pointments and
HlllrlN perfect cuisine.
nUlLLOf African and Eu.
San FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy: give* health and
Btrgngth to aexual organs. Depot. 823 Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The KBLCBY~SISTERS,
Direct From the Orpheum.
JACK SYMONDS, THE JOHN-
STONS, SAM HOLDSWOBTH,
LOGAN AND ' JONES, LITTLE
IRENE KOBER, NjZW COMIC
MOVING PICTURES. v ;; ;
Thursday Night, the Amateurs
And a Ladies* Running Race.
Telephone (or Seats. Park 33.
mechanics; pavilion
...TO-DAY...
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
Performances at 2:30 and 8 p.m. Dally.
N0RR1S tt ROWE'8
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
"The more I tee of dog the leu I think of
man."— Dr. Johnson.
300— PERFORMING ANIMALS-300.
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Anfmals
In the World.
Elephants Zebras, Goats. Sea Lions, Ponies.
Monkeys, Dobs. Ant, Eaters and Zebus.
First Time In This City- of Mr. Winston and
His Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALS.
the Mont Marvelous Animal Act In th« World.
HERR SETTtiKR. the Famous German Animal
Trainer, and His Small Clown Elephant.
Seat sale opens at Pavilion To-day at 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS. J3c; CHILDREN. 10c
» Phone South "!0.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Continuous Racing*. Beginning Monday, Febru-
ary 11, 1301.
BIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and six
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT 1:19 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets tor
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:49, 11:30 a. m.. 12:40, 1,
1:30 and 2 P. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
for San Francisco at 4:15 p. m.. followed after
the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
several specials. Seats In rear cars reserved for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to cours*.
including railroad fare, fl £5.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWER3. Racing- Secretary.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
nOl/nr-n O Admission 10c.
Fiechtl's Tyrolean Troupe. Egry. Birdie
Brlghtllr.g;. McSorley and Whitney, the Leons.
L. A. Cover and Hlnrichs* Orchestra. Reserved
Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday. . •
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
Buckwheat Flour,
Pancake Flour,
"Injun" Bread Flour,
"Ready to use."
'•'
: IA/. T. HESS,
liCTART P0BLIO l»i i.TT0aStB/-AP-I.nr.
Ter.t K TiooT. Room 3915. Clau« SpreciceU Bids-
Telephone Drown 831.
Eetlflehe*. 821 California St.. below Powell.
¦ :• • j : fian Francisco.
; w &H,.CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
ft'T the cure of OOXOBRIIEA, GLEETS.
UCRJCTURES »na analorou* complaint* of the
. Organs of 'Generation. v
iMce Jl a" bottle^ For sale byVruBfiste.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.CARTOONIST OF THE CALL DEPICTS SOME OF THE STRIKING CHARACTERS TAKING PART IN THE
MATCH BASEBALL GAME BETWEEN TEAMS COMPOSED OF MEMBERS OF THE EXAMINER AND
CHRONICLE EDITORIAL STAFFS .
» . ¦
A fair day and a perfect road aided J.
13. Hobson of the Olympic Club "Wheelmen,
in breaking the 25-mlle PaclHc Coast cy
cle road record yesterday in the annual
handicap of the Associated Cyclists at
j'an Leandro. He covered the triangular
course in 1 hour 8 minutes 18 seconds,
which is eight seconds better than the
best previous time, made by C. M. Smith
of San Jose in 1S9S.
The conditions were perfect for fast
cycle racing. The dry spell following the
recent rains had left the road in excellent
condition and not a breath of air retarded
the racers in their efforts. Hobson start
ed from the scratch mark with three oth
ers and finished ninth In a field of forty
three riders. The winner of first place
was Burton Downing of San Jose, who
had a handicap of 1:30. < Arthur McDonald
of 'San Jose also rode under the former
record, being but two seconds behind
Hobson.
Yesterday's race was the seventh an
nual event of its kind conducted by the
California Associated Cyclists and its pre
decessors. The arrangements were fault
less, and much credit is due Thomas G.
Spillane, chairman of the road racing
committee, and his assistants, In this re
gard. .The entrants were confined to
members of the Olympic Club Wheelmen,
Bay City Wheelmen. California Cycling
Club, all of this city, and the Garden
City Wheelmen- of Pan Jose. They fin
ished in the following order:
MONDAY. MARCH. 4.
TO SAIL.
NOTE— In the above exposition of'ttte lule^
the early moraine tlde» are (tiven In ?ti« left
hand column and the successive tides* of t\\*
day In the order of oreumnce as to time or
day. the third time column icives-tne- last . tt i.»
of the day. except wben there, are but threw
tide*, aa pom>tlme» occur*. The- hMshts given
• re in addition to the soundings on the Unltetl
Rtatea «""oaat Surrey charts. «c«pt when %
minus rljcn «— > precede* t!r* l-elcht." and ihe:»
the number siren I* rubtracted from tha depth
Clven by the eharts. The plan* of rofcrea^*
I* the mean «f tl»# low»r i-. w wntera.
The total number of . persons arrested tni
Boston last year was 33,655, a^air«t Zi'tv
the preceding year, being a decrease' of •
6105. . ,'
Sun risen ...". '...6:77
Sun seta .......»:G6
Moon rises ; 0:00 9- m.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States . Coast . and Geodetic .Sorter—
Time* and Heights of lliarh aw ' !-.>•'.•
AVaters at Kort Point, entranco to San
Francisco Bay. Published by o.'Sclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tl»«
city front (Mission-street wharf)- about twenty-
Cv* uilnutes later than at F"ort 1'oln:: us*
helcht of tide Is the same at- both place*. .
- ,_ ' ¦ Sunday, March 3.
Stmr Navarro, 11 hours from Bowens Land
lnc.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 20 - hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, WinWe, 15 hours from Fort
Erase •
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom. 15 hours from, Cas
par. ¦-**! ¦ ' Ml » |J»*«||«W%^^. > - - .-
Stmr National Cltr, Dettmer*. 14 hours from
Fort Brae*. -
Stmr Washtcnaw, Zoning, E6 hours from Ta
coma.' - ..- ' ' ¦-'.-'; ¦
Stmr 6t Paul, Hays. 12% days from Panama.
Stmr Mandalay. Keed,' — hours from CcqullU
River, via Coos Bay 40 hours.
Stmr Uma'tilla. Cousins, 60 hours from Victo
ria and way ports
Shipping 1 Merchants.
•ARRIVED.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
9 — ;
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Captain Howes of the British ship Ar
ranmore was moved to St. Mary's Hospi
tal yesterday. He is suffering from ty
phoid fever. Another master will take
the Arranmoreto sea to-day.
• Among the visitors to the Wisconsin
yesterday were F. W. Bell and wife and
Judge AV. Price, wife and son, all of New
iYork. They were the guests of W. Vice
of the Union Pacific Railroad. .
: The whalers are petting- ready for the
next season in the Arctic. The Balaena
the Golden Ga^e and the Shellkoff of the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company's fleet
yesterday- went on — the' ¦• Union' Iron
Works ways v for an overhauling-.
Water-Front Notes.
BANDON— Sailed March 3— Schr - Amethyst,
for San Francisco;. schr. Alhlon. for Son Fran
cisco; schr Corinthian, .for San Francisco. >_¦¦-.¦.'
PORT - TOWN'SKXD— Passed In .- March 3—
Bark Oakland, from Hilo. for Ballard.
POINT LOBOS— Passed March 3— Stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro, for Eureka.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 2— Schr John F.
Miller, for Ran Francisco. • March 3 — Schr
Kmma TJtter. for San Diego. -•.•.'
ASTORIA— Sailed March 3— Dutch stmr Wll
helmlna. for — -; Br ship Queen Victoria, .'for
Queenstown. Arrived— Br ship Dimsdale, from
PORT ITOWNSEND — Arrived March 3 — Ship
Florence, from ¦ Honolulu. . Salied March 3— Ship
Irorjuois, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLD-Salled March 3— S*chr Maria
E Smith, for San -¦¦ Francisco; ; echr Ida
Schrauer. for San Francisco. ,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per Br ship Hougomount— Jan 2S. lat 21.63 S.
long 129.50 W—Br bark St. Mary's Bay. from
Tacoma, for Algoa Bay. 31 days out. :
POIXT LOBOS, . March 3— 10 p. m.— Weather.
hazy; wind, northeast; velocity, 8 miles. _ /.
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC.
BAILED.
Sunday. March S.
Etmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego/
Stmr Lakme, Schage. Eureka.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, Astoria.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Jamieson. Eureka.
Rtmr Luella. Madsen,
Bktn S a Wilder. Jackson, Honolulu.
Schr Prosper, Bratndemann. Everett.
Schr Bender Bros.^Wetzel, Bowens Landing.
Btmr Del Norte. Allen 31 hours from Crescent
City. „,.
Br Btmr Victoria. Blakely, 4 days from Cne
malnus. ¦ . ' -_ .
Bark ¦Wlllscott, Maeloon. 61 days from Port
Arthur.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 8 hour* from Bo
desa. *¦ -.'y.:v, ',¦'¦'-. !:
Nearly a generation ago Liuis John
built, a two-story frame building -at 21
Vallejo street on leased ground. The lease
has expired, but John does not want to
part with the old building in which he
has run a saloon for twenty years. He
owns a piece of land in Benicla and
thither he is moving the old structure.
Yesterday it was. loaded on a barge and
to-day it will be towed to Benlcia and
placed upon its new site.
House-Moving Extraordinary.
The Bertha and Cape Wrath, one 131
days out from Weihaiwol and the other
122 from Callao, both of Portland, are
still quoted at 00 per cent, but there are
no takers. The Ardnamurchen. 91 days
from the Fraser River for Liverpool, has
advanced to €5 per cent, while the John
McDonald. 169 . days from Baltimore . for
San Francl3C-o has gone from 20 to 20 per
cent. The Khorasan from- Tampa for
Yokohama has gone from 30 to ; 4.V per
cent. She Is now out 213 days. The Henry
Hackfield. 203 days out frohn Philadelphia
for Nagasaki, is still at 15 per»cent.
Khorasan Advancing.
Reinsurance on John McDonald and
THE OVEBDTJE FLEET.
*
struck the Willscott. The fore and main
topmast heads with everything attached
were carried away and for a time the
ship . 'was in a dangrerous predicament.
Everything was made snug, however, and
although more dirty weather was encoun
tered there was no more damage and the
Willscott finally made port."
• \ FLEET of twelve steamships
i\. toadc port yesterday, but not a
! iLsV "windjammer" hove In sight until
Vt )\ late In the afternoon; then the
: "" schooners Repeat, Lily and J. G.
¦JVcll and the barks Willscott and Ferris
S. Thompson showed up in the offing.
I Among the steamships were the colliers
Victoria and Washtenaw from Seattle
and Oyster Harbor, the Umatllla from
Punft Sound ports, the Queen from
•ftcutlu-rn ports, and the St. Paul from
Pa'rarha. The latter vessel brought an
unusually large cargo of New York mer
•<ii.in<l!i--e and the following named pass»'n
gcre:. L. L. Olmstead. Miss Sadie E.
"Vi'alFh. BurreU Boonghton. Charles K.
'Stanatoh. CJf. B. Caldwell and Miss Kmlly
<i. Harrison. pRWB
The Willscott came from Port Arthur In
ballast. She took a general cargo th«>re
for the -Russian <io\-crnmt-nt and as there
was no return freight Captain Macloon
.bad tr> .brinp FiiF vessel home-empty. In
•li'g report Captain Macloon says: "Never
encountered moaner woathcr. Salied
from -Port Arthur on January 11 and for
ihe first two days had nothing but vari
able v.-lnds and calm!!. Then fresh north
'r-ust 'winds accompanied by hf-avy rain
fprar.g • up. Passed through Van Die
mon's Strait* on January 17 and then
from January 23 to 26 the vessel encoun
tered a succession of heavy ffales which
were accompanied by continuous' rain
ar.ci hall. On February 4. In latitude 75
vlrsrrees 20 'minutes north, longitude 176
degrees <0 minutes east, a heavy: -gale
from the south-southwest, vecrinjr. to-
Tsouth-snulheast. nccompanied by a heavy
crostf-sea find squalls of hurricane force
Pyrography outfits, sheep skins and
fancy woods for burning, cameras," al
bums and books on photography. In Art
ists' Material Department. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market St. . . . " . • •
No picture is hung "on the walls of the
Louvre in Pans until the art!st has been
dead ten years. . -
OAKLAND, March 3.— In a lively game
of baseball to-day at the college campus
the St. Mary's College nine defeated the
Del Montes by a score of 11 to 7. Tne star
work of Klynn and Ryan, tho college bat
tery, was a feature of the game. In
gersoll and Taylor were pitcher and
catcher for the Del Montes.
College Men Win.
COLUMBIA CTLTJB ON :.-
HAEBOR VIEW RANGES
Pistol, Revolver and Rifle Used WitJi
Scoring Effect on the /
Targets.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club shot
at Harbor View yesterday. The light wna
too bright for very fine scores, yet some
were made. W. G. Hoffman -took first
honors with the rifle. He was followed
closely by G. Mannci, one of the young
shooters. P. O. Young: lead with the
pistol, A. B. Donell with the 22 rifle and
P. Becker with the. revolver.
- Scores on Columbia target. io shots:
Rifle. 2C0 yards— "W. G. Hoffman, 48. 53; G.
Mannel, 62. 69, 71. 85; F. O. Young, 67, 63, 67; G.
W. Hoadley. €0, 50; G. M. Barley, 60, S3; C. M.
Dales. C2. €8. 93; E. A. Allen. 149, 145.
Pistol, CO yards— F. O. Youngr, 36: Kd Hovey.
SS, 45, 06; G. M. Barley. 44, 49; G. W. Hoadley,
47, 61; F. S. Washburn, 48, 60, 60, 50, 60, 64, C4
64, 57; Mrs. G. Mannel, 6L 66, 67, 76, 83,' 84. 94 •
Dr. J. P. Twist. 53, 55. 65. GO. 69, 70, 77. 63 79 :
\V. G. Hoffman, 57. 61, 67, 74. •
Revolver— P. Becker. 69. 74, 96; Miss Seller.
89, 91: F. W. Pase, 100. 101.
22 Rifle. 60 yards— A. B. DorreH 18, 21, 22;
Captain Fred Kuhnle, 2L 22, 23, 24, 24, 25.
TO -ARRIVE.
NEW YORK— Arrived . March 3— Stmr L.lgu
rla.ifrom Naples and GlDraltar; simr La Bre
talrne, from Havre ; Btmr Carlsruhe. from* Bre-
QUEKNSTOWN— Arrived March 3— Stmr Sax
onia. from Boston, for Liverpool: stmr Sen-la,
from New York, for Liverpool, and . proceeded.
Balled March 3— Stmr Umbrta, from Llvarpool.
for New York. - t \. , .
Steamer Movements.
Nagasaki: Br ship Swanhllfla. from Hongkong;
Br ship Forrest Hill, from Shanghai.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March J— Stmr
Victoria, from Tacoma. .¦»»!,«
VALPARAISO-Arrived prior to March 2-
Br stmr Yang-ste, from Tacoma, for St. Vln
"qUEENSTOWN- Arrived March 3— Ship Ken
llworth, hence Nov 7.
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
BARK WILLSCOTT IS PARTLY DISMASTED IN A GALE NEAR JAPAN
Second race-Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; Belling. • • .
1970 Amelia Fonso..l08 1970 Santa L,uda....l0S
1971 Parmenlon 107 1966 Racetto 107
1958 Ulloa 108 1947 Estro 110
1982 Redwald .110 1969 Salvado ..113
1810 Saintly 110 ....Crutch U3
Second race — Snips, Alarla, Sam Howard.
Third race— Waterscratch. Torso Maid, Mar
aschino.
Fourth race — Gibraltar, Expedient, Scally
wag.
Fifth race— Dandy Jim. Scotch Plaid, Hercu
lean.
Sixth race— Sly. Frank Bell. Compass.
Tanforan Entries.
First race— Seven f'lriomjs; three-year-olds:
purse.
Tilt 1041 1959 Cougar 107
(1978)Fondo 104| 1983 Klngstell* 102
Oakland Selections.
First race—Homage. Irate, - Pegalong.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; purse:
(1977)Sly HOf 886 Fairfax .'.......103
1941 Small Jack 92 1977 Frank Bell 112
1434 Cromwell 105 1S46 Compass 90
ISM Yellowtall 105 1 /
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; sellinpr: . ¦¦..-
(1975)Dandy Jim 9S 1949 Morelllto 113
(1987)Scotch Plaid. ,.1C3 1903 The Monk...... 103
19S6 Herculean 103
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling:
1977 Prestidlgitator.105 1964 Vassal 105
1956 Scallywag 02 (1984)Gold Finder..,. 10T.
(19S8)Glbraltar Ill (1S63 Alleviate 106
1939 The Buffoon.. .105 1964 Expedient 103
1957 Torslna ...106 (1989)St. Wood 108
First race— Cougar. Fondo. Tilt.
Second race— Parmenlon. Racetto. Redwald.
Third race— Lady Bird, Luclen Appleby.
Fourth race— Formero. Gpnfalon, Phoenlssa.
Fifth ! race— Owenabcro. Wyoming. Handicap-
Pe S!xtn race-Artilla, The Singer. Benson Cald
well.
¦. v ..." ¦ "x »
Tanforan Selections.
Sixth race-One mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and upward; selling:.
1932 Rapido .lllj(1983)Ben. Caldwell..lO6
19ESTh£ Singer 107 19S0 Artllla. 115
19S3 William Ack... 831
Of the forty-six original entrants forty
threo started and twenty-seven finished.
Sixteen perished by th«. wayside either
from slight falls or "that tired feeling."
The raco was free from, any serious acci
dents whatever.
The prize list for the race was quite a
valuable one and was added to by a do
nation of two wheels by the American
Third race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
1739 Lafly Bird 95 J931 Remele SS
.... Cay'ne Pepper.103 1757 Quadra &»
1979 Loulette ....... » 1979 Yrsula 100
1P«! San Luitlon....l00 .... Royalty 1C5
(1883)lAiclen 'ApplebyllS
Fourth race-Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; Inaugural Dash handicap.
/irnnancni Maid. .104 192S Formero !"•¦>
i5S^u::,rS? l Snffin-v.v.vS
Fifth race— One mile; three-rear-olds and
upward; selling.
iflr7 typo Lance ...112 1923 Handlcapper ..113
ll" Wy6mC . .111 "82 The Phoeniclanl09
(Wl)o£en«bo«> 107 1943 McNamara ....100
(1969)Greatland 118
Second race— One mile and fifty yards; four
ypar-olds and upward; selling:
1S10 Sam Howard. ..108 1852 Snips 110
1999 Sprung 105 1984 William F 10K
1937 None Such 109 19S9 Alarla 107
1S40 Twtnkl Twlnk.107 1770 Fill» d'Or 103
170-1 Tom Cal vert... 109
Third race— Three and a half furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds; selling:
1962 Montoya .100 3962 Barklylte 115
1974 Winnabell 100 1877 Sister Abb!e....l00
1974 Lento 106 1974 Torso Mald...*..100
1811 Irma A 100 li?0 Hard Night 103
1962 Waterscratch ..WO 1902 Maraschino ...103
1974 Isar 100 1890 Flattered 100
1974 Myriad Daner.112 1806 Lady Carlo 100
.... Robt Bonner 11.105
Oakland Entries.
First race—Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling: ¦ -•
1960 Cathrne Bravo.107 1?S4 Carrie Lucas...107
1433 Kitty L,undy...lO7 19S4 Pegralong 119
1903 Homage 117 1655 Irate 107
1953 Richard S 109
the past week in horse-racing circles. Xo
swapping has been indulged In, but Sam
Hildreth did offer Shields & Carruthers
$10,000 for Advance Guard on Saturday,
which offer, was refused.
Both Oakland and Tanforan Are Out
With Tempting Racing Cards
To-Day.
Things in general have been very quiet
EIG MONEY OFFERED
FOE, ADVANCE GTJAED
Earned runs, San Diego 1; double plays,
Dunleavy to Hutchlnson, Klauber to "Works.
Bowman to Taylor; three-btv^e hits, Drennan,
Arellanos; two-base hits, Klauber, Drennan,
Dunleavy, Bevllle; racriflce hits. McCarthy,
Kelly. Bowman, Klauber; struck out, by Jones
2, by Taylor 0; bases on balls, Jones 1, Tay
lor 1; left on bases, San Diego 5, San Ber
nardino 6. Time. 2:20. Umpires, Works and
Williams. Scorer, Russell.
San Diego 00000000000000 1—1
San Bernardino 00000000000000 0—0
SUMMARY.
Totals 43 0-6 2 45 13 0
RUNS BT INNINGS.
AB. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 1. f 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
McCarthy, ss 5 0 0 0 5 5 0
Hutchlnson. lb 6 0 10 SI 0 0
Dunleavy, Zb 6 0 10 5 4 0
Kelly, 3b 5 0 0 12 2 0
Mangerlna; C....J... 6 0 2 1 4 3 0
Jone«, 'p 5 0 0 0 0 4 0
Bevllle. f. f 5 0 10 4 0 0
Hallow-ay, c. t 5 0 1 0 1 0 ' 0
SAX- BERNARDINO.
Totals « - I 9 0 ' 45 19 0
AB. n.BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devercaux, ss 6 0 0 0 3 4.0
Donlin. r. f GO 0 0 3 0 0
Eagan. 3b 5 0 1 0 0 0 0
Drennan, c. f 6 1 3 0 1 0 0
Arellanes, 2b 6 0 3 0 2 7 0
Bowman, 1. f 5 0 0 0 4 1 0
Klauber, lb 4 0 2 0 21 2 0
Works, c 5 0 0 0 8 10
Taylor, p 6.0 00 4 4 0
EANi_DlEGO.
put out and twenty-one of the fifty-one
on each Bide were put out at first base.
Six San Bernardino men were left on
bases and six -San Diegans would have
been left on bases had not the sixth
crossed the plate and won the game.
There were brilliant plays in almost
every station except that Egan at third
for San Dieiro did not have a chance in
the entire game. Klauber, who played
first for the first time, accepted twenty
three chances without an error, and
Hutchlnson for the visitors accepted twen
ty-one in the same manner. Brockhoff's
seventy-five-yard run for a foul which he
got was the star play, "and there were
others of the same character. The win-,
ning run was made after one man had
been retired. Drennan hit for two bases
down the third base line and Arellanes hit
for a single into right garden on which
Drennan scored. The full score is:
and the Winners Prove Strong
Batsmen.
."The- Koenigs beat the Alamedas at
Recreation Grounds yesterday afternoon
Defeated Men Make Many Errors
ALAMEDAS FALL TO
VTCTOB.IOTJS KOENIGS
ps-™-^ EN* men from the Examiner and
I eighteen from the Chronicle edi
i torial staffs watched the sun rise
.A yesterday morning and then went
out to the Recreation baseball
prounds for a match game. They called
it baseball— which It was, in spots— but
th'.p game was mostly unspotted. It last
« d four innings. Then the end came, with
the score. Examiner 13. Chronicle 5.
The Examiner's longest leased battery
shelled the Chronicle stickers, with a
deadly fire and scooped the turntable
journalists at *>very turn. Although the
pame lasted but four innings, the Chron
icle used up eighteen men. Bennie Benja- |
min. first time out. was in poor form, and I
he started the In and out game. Jimmy
Hopper, who ;n.iyed short for the Chron
icle, rovenj-ed the disgrace of the team
by butting into Horace Egbert, captain of
the Examiner nine, when the latter wad
dled to second en what should have been
two home runs.
At the end of the third inning- Dan
Mills, sportinpr editor of the Philedelphia
Times, specially commissioned to report
ihe game, taU tt wasn't baseball and
called for "just one glass of beer." Cap.
Hollotvay . of the Chronicle heard the
call as if from high, ar.d he shifted his
iol< from the box to lirst base, which is
close to the bar. The Whitney brothers
were opposed to one another and made a
regular civil war of it.
• The great, shining Ftar of the entire
fame, surroundings and all. was Artist
Mattjiies of the Kx:> miner. On the side
Jlr.es and in the stand the crowd gathered
to rattle this "phenom" of a twirler. "I
do. I don't." "Oh, look at the glass arm,"
"Now, isn't he pretty." "You wouldn't
know a baseball if it were passed out on
a plate.' 1 "Throw them down stairs," and
all that sort of running .fire was extin
guished by one glance of his haughty
¦5ook. Even Horace Egbert, who played
the heavy part cf a receiver, lost weight
before this pitching tornado.
' This is the personnel of the teams as
they lined up:
' Examiner-Frank Cusick, the Cerberus
of l^ft fit-Id, with not a thing to do; Vir
pil Nahl. ancient athlete and modern art
ist, right field: Robert Whitney, golf
player, center field: Homer Boushey, sim
ply short : stflp: Frank Sheridan, third
baee — he comes from Oakland; J. Kelly,
second base, wonderful thinker; Jack
Boyle, was vaccinated once, first base;
• ifaxtmus Matthies, pitcher and a picture;
Horace Egbert, "great and glorious king
of a small picking," catcher. -
Owing to the many changes made in the
Chronicle team as^the abbreviated game
progressed, the scorer was unable to keep
track. of them. Here are some that did
not distinguish themselves: George Whit
ney, known as the king of the asphalt; J.
Hopper, who can fall on the ball better
than he ran stop it; Roy Taylor, who
/Bomctimpf ' sleeps and rarely wakes;
Birdie Hunt, whose mental garret is an
Mtie; Al Sloddard. a third baseman who
tan last four Innings; Cap. Holloway,
sturdy and young, but easy; Archie Rice,
from Stanford; Charlie Mosler, a better
.track man than a baseball player; et al.,
a general composite of what has gone be
fore. •
. On Tuesday evening there will be a din
ner paid for by several Chronicle men.
The San Bernardinos had lost three
straight games to the local players and
¦were prepared for the same of their lives.
Every man was on his mettle to take
every chance and to make no mistakes.
In this, however, they were at least
equaled by the San Diegos, for they also
accepted every chance and if the shadow
of an error was made by a player on eith
er side it was saved by some extra effort
on the part of some other player. In a
dozen ways the game was remarkable.
The Ditchers were In to win, and they
have reason to be proud of their efforts.
In no inning were there more than four
men up. Fifty-one men on each
Bide stepped to the plate and only
one man on each side walked to
first. Two '•men on each side were
side sacrificed, forty-five men on each side
SAN DIEGO. March 3.— The San Diego
and San Bernardino baseball teams grave
the cranks of San Diego something to talk
about for years to come by playing what
was in some respects the most remarka
ble game ever played In California. For
two hours and a quarter the eighteen men
strove against each other in an attempt
to pet a winning run across the plate.
Hardly a ball was sent Into the field or
even Into the diamond that did not find
a player there to attend to it. In every
case it was attended to properly and not
an error was marked up acrainst either
of the teams during the fifteen innings
of play.
able Game.
Defeat San Bernardinos in a Remark-
VICTORY FOB SAN TJIEGANS.
At Freeman's Park yesterday afternoon
the Xobles defeated the Golden Gates by
a score of 4 to 3. Uoth McMenomy and
Tyson pitched good ball.
Runs responsible for — Wichman 1. Krugr 3.
Three-base hit — Krug. Two-base hits — Ililde
brandt, f Kroghan, McGee, Krug, Schroeder.
Sacrifice hit — Hlldebrandt. Bases on errors —
Koenlps 4, Alamedas 6. Bases on balls — Koenl^s
2. Left on basea — Koenijrs 6. Alamedas 7.
Struck out— By I'errlne 2, Kruff 1. Hit by
pitrher— Collins. Double plays— Eager to Keo-
Khan to Hildebrandt to Collins to D. Bodle,
Keoghan alone. McGee to Hildebrandt. Krupr
to W. Hammond. Ttme of came — One hour and
forty minutes. Umpire — Rube I^evy. Scorer —
J. W. Stap'.eton.
SUMMARY.
Kennies 1 0111110*— S
Base hits 3 112 2 3 0 0 '—12
Alamedas 0 0010100 1—3
Base hits 101110102—7
AB. R. BII. SB. TO. A. E.
Croll. cf & 2b 4 0 0 0 2 13
W. Hammond, lb. c. 4 2 0 0 9 4 1
KrufT, 3b, 6R '& p 4 0 2 0 4 4 0
Britt. If 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Pchroeder. rf & lb.. 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
GoMsworthy, ss&2b4 0 0 0 0 5 1
J. Hammond. c&cf4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Simpson, cf. 3b & rf 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Wichman, p & Sb.... 4 OS 0 1 2 1
Totals 35 3 7 0 14 IS 7
RUXS AXD HITS BY INNIXGS.
ab. n. bii. sb. po. a. e.
Collins. 2b 3 13 0 2 3 0
Knell. If 4 12 0 10 0
Hildcbrandt, 3b 3 1 2 0 2 1 0
Kaprer. c 4 0 2 O 2 2 0
I>. IWie. ss 4 10 0 5 2 6
Morrison, rf 3 10 110 0
Keoghan. lb 3 0 1 0 11 10
McGec. cf 4 12 0 3 11
-Terrine. p 4 0 0 0 0 5 0
Totals 32 6 12 1 27 15 6
\, ALAMEDAS.
KOENIGS.
by a score of 6-3. The Alamedas were full
of errors, and Wichman was so easy to
find he had to be replaced by Krug. The
score:
FRESNO. March 3.— The match race be
tween John A. Lake of New Tork and Ar
thur Stone of Denver was won in two
straight heats by Lake at the Velodrome
track to-day. The race was for a purse
of $200. and tne distance, five miles, was
covered in 11 minutes 27 seconos. The
riders were pace- by motorcycles.
G. B. Heriot won the final heat in the
one mile amateur handicap. Time, 2:33.
One mile professional handicap — Gus
Lawson, Buffalo (scratch), won: Clem
Turville, Philadelphia (50 yards), second;
.Ted Newkirk, Chicago (25 yards), third.
Time. 2:10 1-5.
One mile, pursuit race, amateur — C.
Dougherty won, • Desert second.
Time, 2:20 3-5. " -.;/.;
Lake of New York Wins OTer Stone
..--•¦¦; of Denver.
CYCLE BACERS AT FRESNO.
the Davis cups -was pHyed yesterday on
the California Club courts and was wen
by. Ray Cornell' and Grant Smith. Fay
Beal and Chester Smith were the .other
Contestants In the final "match and put up
a game fight against the winners. These
two youngr players furnished a genuine
surprise by beating the Whitn-y brothers,
who allowed them a nandicap of thir.y
and one half fifteen.
The first match of the dav was between
Fay Beal and Chet Smith and R. Erskine
and Charles Kuehn. The latter team had
a handicap of fifteen, which proved to bo
too small, as they were beaten 6— 2, 6—3.
The next match, the beat of the day.
was between the Whitney brothers and
Collier and Crowell. With a handicap of
fifteen the latter team won the first s«
eas ily_6_l t but the champions braced up
and won the next two set?— 6— 4, 6—4. Th3
complete score in favor of the Whltnevs
was 1 — 6, 6 — 4. 6 — 4. Each of these team.-s
has won the cups twice and it looked as
if ono of them would win it again, but
neither team was able to qualify for the
finals.
The last match of the first round, in
which Dr. Lane and llodekinson allowel
S. Salisbury and O. Pratt edds of fif
teen and won. was stubbornly cont»»» f ed.
The wore was 10— 8. 6 — 3.
In the semi-finals ChPt Smith and Fay
Beal were pitted against R- X. and G
F. Whitney, who allowed them odds of
thirty and one-half fifteen. The champions
won the first set easily— 6—1. and with a
lead -of 4—0 on the second set looked to
be easy winners, but the youngsters sur
prised "everybody by winning the set 6—1
The third set was a repetition of the sec
ond and fell to Smith and Beal— 6— 4,
after the Whltneys had a lead of 4—0. The
complete score was 1—6. 6-4. 6—4.
The next match of the semi-finals was
between Dr. Lane and Hodekinson and
Ray Cornell and Grant Smith. The latter
allowed their odds of fifteen and won—
6—3. 9—7. In this match the winners
played a very steady game.
The final round was between Cnet
Smith nnd Fay Beal end Ray Cornell an/1
Grant Smith. Beal and Smith had a han
dicap oV half thirty and although they
made a feame fight, they finally fell befori
their steadier opponents. In this match
the features were the all-round .steadv
work of Cornell and the serving or h'.j
partner.'"' •
CORNELL AND SMITH
WIN THE TOURNAMENT
Davis Cups Go to a New Team — Good
Work on the California
Courts.
The handicap doubles tournament for
Charles Albert Adams was the referee.
J. W. I-eavitt acted as starter and F; G.
Montealegre. William Mackie. John El
liott and others prominent in the spcrt
acted as timers and Judges. •
Bicycle Company, one- to the winner of
first place and rhe other to any rider who
broke the former record. It vras hardly,
thought the latter prize could be Won, but
Mr. Hobson turned the trick handily.
First round— Tap Out beat Arno. Terronlt*
beat Martha Washington. Spring Time beat
Cash Day, Glen Roy bea* John D; Lord TMin
more beat Cash In. Prince of Fashion beat For
give. Hard Lines beat Lucy O. May Be Keen
beat Joker. Ljidy Peach beat Meadow: Maid.
Bluf* Mist beat Miss Manila. Hazel L beat Just
In Time Swedish beat Dolano, .Black Hawic
beat Little Hope. Bag Pipe beat Might Be Kind.
Second round— Tap Out ¦ beat Spring Time.
Terronlte beat Glen Roy. Lord ' Dunmbre ¦ beat
Prince of Fashion, Lady .Peach. . beat. Hard
Lines. Blue Mist beat May Be Keen. Swedish
beat Hazel L. Bag Pipe beat-.Blaclc Hawk.
Third round — Tap Out beat Lord Dunmor*.
, Terronit© beat Lady Peach. Blue Mist beat
Swedish. Bae Pipe a bye. • • •
Fourth round— Tap Out beat BIue : Mist. Ter
rontte beat Bas Pl?e.. • . ¦ "
Final— Tap Out beat . Terronlt*. . " ¦
SACRAMENTO. March 3. — TT2irty-tw\>
dogs started In to-day'3 coursing and tn»
sport was excellent. The winner turned
UP in J. R. Smlth"s Svlvancs, same own
er's Petronius second and couorey &
Raught's Better Than -Gold tniru. : -
STOCKTON. March 3.— The rcsalts of
the.courslns at Stockton- to-day are a»
follows: •""*; . •'¦¦
Coursing at Stockton.
Open stake, second round— T. W. Bartcs
Mac's Melody beat Sterl & Knowles Ripple.
3-2- Curtis & Sons' Flytns Fox beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rural Artist.. 2-:: Russell & Alien « Rosia
Clalr beat P. Doyles Thelma. 12-3: L. M. Kei
lo|g » r Buck beat F. A. McCoir.b-3 Frosty Morn.
2-0-sgterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist beat J.,Hur
fey's^ Hurricane. 3-2; J. Smith's Master Work
man beat E. M. Kellojts's Iowa Boy. .-2; J.
Hurley's O K Capitol beat Russell & Allen a
First Foot 3-0; M. Dunleas Erin beat P.
Doyle's liberator. 5-3; F. A. McComb/s Bona
Flue beat C Dollar's Wild Norah. 5-0: *>• J-
HeaWa Sisquoc beat F. Jones' V. eiis?wood.
•-'¦Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold beat To
semite Kenels' Freedom's nCT ;, , 2 ; 0 .' .?;
St»inhoff'« Veto beat H. Lynch s Lottie M. 3-:.
Russell & Allen's Spiteful beat D. DHlon'B
Gmnuvilla. 7-9; P. J- ReiUys Warship beat
J Holders Scottish Chief. 6-0: J. DowUwC.
Sir I^wrence beat P. J. Kelilys Moonbriglu.
McCarthy's John Doe. 7-0; J. J. Kenny s Hot
Itaste beat F A. McComb's Little Sister. 5-0;
Curtis & Sons' Luxor beat Pasha Kennel*'
Roman Athlete 8-7 ;¦ Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face
b«T George VhitAey's Th*ron. 5-2; George
Shartnan's St. Ives beat Pasha Kenneta" Real
Article. 19-12: Gold Dust Kn»U BrutM beat
J Carroll's Master Clair. 24-11: F. A. Mc-
Comb^s Royal Fashion beat J, Boney
Bov 3-0- Georee yethercotfs Floodeate b«at
M Gleaaon's Aconite. 5-0r TosemitiB Kennels'
«;„ tteat d Tolitnd's Pleasant Girl. 3-2. .
TWrd round-Flyms Fox beat Mao ¦ Melody,
4-1- Rosle Clair beat Buck^-2- Master .Work
man beat Sleety Mist. 5-1: Erin, beat O K Capl
™f 40- Sisquoc beat Bona Fidei- 3-2;. V.to beat
Rusty Gold. 8-«: Warship beat Spiteful. .5-4:
Sir Lawrence beat I fender. . 4-S ; Luxor beat
Little Sister.. 4-0: Fiery Face beat St; Ives.
7-1; Royal Fashion beat Brutus, «r2; Mose beat
Floodgate. 8-L ' . ..•• ¦*=. •
Fourth round— Flyinr Fox beat. Rosle Clalr.
T-'- Erin beat Master "Workman.. 8-2:- Slsquoo
beat Veto 5-0; Warship beat Sir- Lawrence.
4-1; Luxor beat Fiery Face. 6-2; . Mose beat
R Flfth round— Erin beat Flylns' Fox. 5-3; Sls
quoc beat Warship. 4-3; Luior beat Mo«*. -.-0.
Sixth round— Sisquoc beat Erin, 4-0; Luxor.-
Decidlns course— Sisauoc beat Laxo?.' t-iu ¦
.A few months ago IJeah bought Sisquoc
from p.. J. Ileaiey., and set out to make
a breadwinner of the hound. Dean; got
him In good . shape- an<t fit to go for aa/
prize, but Sisiiuoc,. while: making a sh-w
ing, did not win. a stake; and Dean. I. si
faith. The dog was sold back to lleaioy
for the Orst purchase price, was entered
for the stake, and brb.ug.nt home, first hon
ors ami iHoney in yesterday's event.
When Dean gave up the dog it; war
trained to the minute, and only needed
the lightest of woroK.' But such is coma
lng luck. - ..
i'esterday was a: stzre enough- good day
for the talent, in ail there being but
eight up-sets. recorded. Flooi'.sare vreui
out to "Mose In the third after showing
the speed! There' was nothing lti this
course which would add to Floodgate's
record as a game hound.. Hiawor*, or
rather desire to shirk" the game, sligw*
that he cannot be dependeu upon. ,
Aconite was beaten "by-. Kloodguto after
an undecided. In" which the youngster
gained a reputation by; his good ¦work.
Aconite shows up ¦'. as the . best of tha
Firm. Friend get, and is booked as a fu .
ture contender for high- honrs. ¦ ¦¦
Luxor ran a good aog. throughout, la
the semi-final, against O K Capitol in a
bye. he was given a severe, shakirig: up by
stumbling near the fence. This mig'it
have hurt'his chances, but Sisqupc was
out for honors, and would -not be denied
even by his half-brother. Erin: reach*; i
the semi-final by good, clever wcrk. but
the hot weather told against him, and ho
was unable to score when slipped with the
stake winner. • .
The courses were of short duration, tha
hares not belng.abte to ?rive the dogs any
punishing runs. The relief dog -was called
on but once, the unlucky Brutus gettiatr
the only bard hare of. the day and killing
his chances for big honors in an endeavor
to dispatch it. ¦ •'• ¦
O K. Capitol beat First Foot. Lavender
beat John Doe at 3 to 1, Slsquoc beat
Wedgewood at 2 to 1, Veto at 5 to 2 and
Luxor at 5 to 3; Royal Fashion beat
Boney Boy. Master Workman beat Sleet j
Mist at 2 to 1. Warship beat Spiteful. 5-2:
Mose beat Floodgate. 5 to 3. The days
results, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
if ever a maix had a right to feel down
on his .luck- Jimmy Dean, the well*knp«n'
leashman. la certainly, entitled to regts'cr
¦en explanation of bow; the fickle goddess
his trifled; with irim. Slsquoc. ar> .. j£mrn
Pasha greyhound, • woft the Sti-dog open
stake yesterday it UnlpA Coursing Park.
beating Luxor; trce stake favorite, for; tho
final Rixg. •'- ' ' ' V ¦ ' .. ¦• " '-. "
Talrat Has . a : Good Day, ftdc.
ing All hut ' Eight of tha
•'. ¦ : Cquriro-i-Acqnite Shows :..
' .."•'.. \ Up Well. .. V ;•.:;.,
Beats Luxor in the Final of
the Big Cp in Stake -at
V Union Park. :
SPEEDY SISQUOC
WINS TOP HONORS
The other event was a club match !n
which the handicap was made in distance,
25 targets shot at. It was won by Nau
man, who missed only two. The results
were as follows: Mitchell, 12 at 16 yards:
Devenham, 16, at 16 yards; Janssen, 19
at 14 yards; Claussen. 14 at 14 yards;
Duisohman, IS at 14 yards; Nauman, 23
at 18 yards; Ringle, 22 at 14 yards:
Lewis, 6 at 18 yards; Haggard, 0 at 11
yards; King, 22 at 16 yards, Hess, 9 su
14 yards; Fisher. 19 at 16 yards; Iverson,
17 at 16 yards; Chestnut. 20 at IS yards:
Von Soosten, 13 at 14 yards; F. Feudner,
18 at 18 yards; Jackson, 20 at 16 yards;
O. Feudner, 23 at 18 yards: McMurchy,
22 at 18 yards; Kelly. 20 at 16 yards; Den
ny, 16 at 18 yards ;.Rickie, 12 at 16 yards:
Olsen, 13 at 16 yard?: Shields, 14 at 10
yards; Phillips, 12 at 14 yards: Wollam, 12
at 16 yards; MIchelssen, 12 at 16 yards;
"Walpert, 16 at 16 yards; Barber, 8 at 14
yards, and Klevarhl, 18 at 16 yards.
The ability medal match resulted In a
tie between Jackson and Shaw. The score
stood: Nauman. 16 out of 20 at 18 yards:
King, 15 out of.20 at 16 yards: Jackson. i7
out of 22 at 16 yards; Shaw, 17 out of 25
at 16 yards: Shields, 12 out of 25 at lii
yards, and F. Feudner. 13 out of 20 at 15
yards.
'.The first match, between Fisher and
Feudner did not decide the tie, but a sec
ond • match ' resulted in a score of 9 out
of 10 in Fisher's favor.
Shields, 20 out of 28; Fisher, 22 out of
20; Barber., li out of 30; Jackaon, 18 out
of 25; Ricke, 21 out of 28; F. Feudner, 22
out of 20; Haight, 23 out of 25: Deven
liam, 16 but of 26; Iverson, 10 out of 26;
King, 18 out of 25; Von Soosten. 17 out of
2S; Phillips, 15 out of 28; MIchelssen. 1G
out of 28. and Mitchell, 15 out of 30. •
; The club, handicap medal match was
won by Fisher nfter he had contested two
ties .with F. Feudner. The handicap was
on the number of targets.' The following
is the score: ¦
The first trap shooting of the Union
Gun Club, was held at tho grounds of the
San Francisco Trap-shooting Association,
near ; Ingleslde, yesterday. The pleasant
weather, good scoring and large at
tendance combined to make the initial
shoot of the season a complete success.
There were three Important events, after
which a number of minor matches were
shot off. The apparatus for liberating the
birds failed to work, and bjuerocks were
used exclusively.
Apparatus for the Libsration of Live
Birds Was Out of Order, So
the Inanimats Was
Substituted.
Union Gun Club Smashes
Blue Recks oil the In
gleside Grounds. **¦¦¦
FIRST SHOOT OF
THE TRAP SEASON
WHEELMEN WHIRL OVER THE ALAMEDA ROADS IN THEIR ANNUAL CONTEST
NEWSPAPER MEN NINES ENGAGE
IN FIERCE CONTEST ON DIAMOND
the Chronicle Aggregation by an Overwhelming
Score — The Scientific Game Lasts but Four Innings
Baseball Team of the Examiner Editorial Staff Defeats
HOBSON SHATTERS
A CYCLING RECORD
Olympic Club Crack Wins the Time
Prize in Twenty-Five Mile Road
Race Over San Leandro Triangle
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 4, ; 190
TWO STARS IN THE TWENTY-FIVE-MILE HANDICAP ROAD RACE
HELD AT SAN LEANDRO YESTERDAY UNDER THE AUSPICES OP
THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATED CYCLERS.
6
¦ o H s;
c P -2.
RIDER. : £; §2.
if la
P. Downing X3. C. W. 1:30 1:03:43
W. Davidson Unat. 1:30 1:08:4*5
K. Agraz G. C. W. 2:00 1:09:17
W. McKlnney O. C. W. 2:30 1:09:47 1-5
H. Lowe G. C. W. 1:30 l:0S:47 2-5
H. L. Newsom Unat. 3:00 1:10:17 3-3
R. Gates.. G. C. W. 4:30 1:11:55
H. Warr«>n C. C. C. 4:00 1:11:33*
J. B. Hobson., O. C. W. • 1:OS:1S "
A. McDonald..' G. C. W. • 1:08:20
P. A. McMyrray... B. C. W. 4:30 1-13:03 2-3
E. Etlenne O. C. W. 6:00 1:13:33 2-5
C. Pfelffer C. C. C. 6:C0 1:14:33 4-5
A. T. Smith Unat. 2:30 1:11:04
J. Kphralm O. C. W. 2:30 1:13:013-5
C. Llndberg G. C. W. 4:30 1:15:02
A. Barnwell C. C. C. 3:00 1:13:32 2-5
S. Goldstein Unat 6:00 1:16:33
D. A. Manning G. C. "W. 2:00 1:12:40
F. McNulty Unat. 6:00 1:!2:22
H. C. Vensano O. C. VT. 5:00 1:22:23
M Shannon G. C. "W. 3:00 1:20:23
W. A. Stoddartl.... O. C. W. 6:00 1:24:10
G H. •Williams.... B. C. W. 5:00 1:25:09
R. W. Emery Unat. 2:30 1:23:40
C. S. Chrlstensen.. C. C C. 4:00 1:26:15 ,
Guy Anthony O. C. W. 3:00 1:26:45
•Scratch.
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Curacao........ Mexican Ports....;.;..:.
Acme..... Tlllamook Bay
ArKO....... i- Cociullle River
Bonlta Newport . ; ........
Colombia....... Valparaiso v. Panama
Fulton Grays Harbor .
Empire Coos Bay .......:..
Crescent City.. Crescent - City ...^....:.
Del Nortec Crescent: City ..¦ .-.•..:.-..
San Pedro...... Humboldt ;
Alliance......... Portland, & Coos Bay..
North Fork..... Humboldt. !
Mackinaw...... Seattle .......... ...'...¦.-.".
Arcata... Coos Bay...:..-; .v.
Peru Panama & Way Ports..
Eureka......... Humboldt
G W. Elder.. .. Portland and Astoria..
CD. Lane....'.. Panama •...
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
iMar. ; 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 5
Mar. 5
Mar. 5
Mar. S
Mar. S
Mar. &
Mar. S
Mar. 6
Mar. «
Steamer.
Destination.
|Sal'.3.| Flar.
| March 4. I | .
W. H. Kruge. Tillamook Bay J 5 pm|PJer —
Pomona . Hurnboldt ..+ i Z pm.Pier »
Columbia Astcria & Portland|ll am Pier 21
March fi.. • | . I
Acme.. . . Tillamook Bay ....J12 m|Pler 13
Argo Coqullle River.... ..| 4 pm'Pler 1
Empire Coos Bay | 4 pm|Pler U
Bonita Newport^ I » atu.t'ier li
.Mnroh 6. I |
Mandalajr Coqu;'le River j 5 pm|Pler I
M. Paul New YCtU via Pan 2 prniPler 17.
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 9 pmlPler 7
Ctas Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.|10«m|Pler 2
Queen..! San Dtejco I 3 ami Pier 11
March T. - j |
Eureka.. Humboidt | » amlPler 13
Nome City... San Pedro |10ara|Pier 2
Coptic China and Japan..! l pm PMS3
UmatUla l»uget Sound Port»|U am|Pier S
Arcata Coo* Cay ..» 12 mrPler li
March S.
Alliance Portld. & Coo» Bay 9 am I Pier —
Peru Panama & Way Pt 12 mjPMSS [
North Fork.. Humboidt 9 am|Pler 2J
Coroim ......... Newport <t amiHi« li
Colombia Valparaiso * Way 12 m!S.XV. 2 I
March- O.
G. "W. Elder. >Astorla& Portland 11 am Pier 9
Curacao....... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier U
Point Arena..|Polnt "Arena .j ; pmi^Ur a '
Corona Newport Mar. I
Newburjr Grays Harbor Mar. 7
Point Arena Point Arena -..Mar. 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 7
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. 7
Pomona. Humboldt Mir. 7
America Ma ru. China and Japan .-Mar. S
•State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports...;. Mar. 8
Newport {Tan-ima tt Way Ports. Mar. 10
Australia... ITahltl Mar. 10
O ITimel JTJme! ITtael ¦ Tlme| .
» . | ( Ft. ( Ft. I Ft. r-| Ft.
• [L W H W • . L. W - U W[
4 ... 4:10 1.8 11:00 5.4 . 5:05 0.4j U;53}' 5.4
6... 5:*3 1.8 11:43! 5.1 5:40 - 9.*! :....".»-
H \V |L W| IH L W|
« ... 0:*>l T..3I 6:W| -1.V CdS 5.« «:i;.I- 1.1
7 :.. 0:£.lj 5.31 t:42( 1.4| 1:07 .4.7 f:4Jt l.a
8 ... 1:171 5.2! 7:=0l 1.1} 1^2 4.5 ".7:11V. l.S
9... 1:42 S.2T 8:001 1.0 2:41 4.2 - T:4S| 2.2
10 .'.. 2.C6 5.11 8:«! 1.0 5:3S ' 4.0 S£>\ 25
¦ o H s;
c P -2.
RIDER. : £; §2.
if la
P. Downing X3. C. W. 1:30 1:03:43
W. Davidson Unat. 1:30 1:08:4*5
K. Agraz G. C. W. 2:00 1:09:17
W. McKlnney O. C. W. 2:30 1:09:47 1-5
H. Lowe G. C. W. 1:30 l:0S:47 2-5
H. L. Newsom Unat. 3:00 1:10:17 3-3
R. Gates.. G. C. W. 4:30 1:11:55
H. Warr«>n C. C. C. 4:00 1:11:33*
J. B. Hobson., O. C. W. • 1:OS:1S "
A. McDonald..' G. C. W. • 1:08:20
P. A. McMyrray... B. C. W. 4:30 1-13:03 2-3
E. Etlenne O. C. W. 6:00 1:13:33 2-5
C. Pfelffer C. C. C. 6:C0 1:14:33 4-5
A. T. Smith Unat. 2:30 1:11:04
J. Kphralm O. C. W. 2:30 1:13:013-5
C. Llndberg G. C. W. 4:30 1:15:02
A. Barnwell C. C. C. 3:00 1:13:32 2-5
S. Goldstein Unat 6:00 1:16:33
D. A. Manning G. C. "W. 2:00 1:12:40
F. McNulty Unat. 6:00 1:!2:22
H. C. Vensano O. C. VT. 5:00 1:22:23
M Shannon G. C. "W. 3:00 1:20:23
W. A. Stoddartl.... O. C. W. 6:00 1:24:10
G H. •Williams.... B. C. W. 5:00 1:25:09
R. W. Emery Unat. 2:30 1:23:40
C. S. Chrlstensen.. C. C C. 4:00 1:26:15 ,
Guy Anthony O. C. W. 3:00 1:26:45
•Scratch.
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Curacao........ Mexican Ports....;.;..:.
Acme..... Tlllamook Bay
ArKO....... i- Cociullle River
Bonlta Newport . ; ........
Colombia....... Valparaiso v. Panama
Fulton Grays Harbor .
Empire Coos Bay .......:..
Crescent City.. Crescent - City ...^....:.
Del Nortec Crescent: City ..¦ .-.•..:.-..
San Pedro...... Humboldt ;
Alliance......... Portland, & Coos Bay..
North Fork..... Humboldt. !
Mackinaw...... Seattle .......... ...'...¦.-.".
Arcata... Coos Bay...:..-; .v.
Peru Panama & Way Ports..
Eureka......... Humboldt
G W. Elder.. .. Portland and Astoria..
CD. Lane....'.. Panama •...
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
iMar. ; 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 4
Mar. 5
Mar. 5
Mar. 5
Mar. S
Mar. S
Mar. &
Mar. S
Mar. 6
Mar. «
O ITimel JTJme! ITtael ¦ Tlme| .
» . | ( Ft. ( Ft. I Ft. r-| Ft.
• [L W H W • . L. W - U W[
4 ... 4:10 1.8 11:00 5.4 . 5:05 0.4j U;53}' 5.4
6... 5:*3 1.8 11:43! 5.1 5:40 - 9.*! :....".»-
H \V |L W| IH L W|
« ... 0:*>l T..3I 6:W| -1.V CdS 5.« «:i;.I- 1.1
7 :.. 0:£.lj 5.31 t:42( 1.4| 1:07 .4.7 f:4Jt l.a
8 ... 1:171 5.2! 7:=0l 1.1} 1^2 4.5 ".7:11V. l.S
9... 1:42 S.2T 8:001 1.0 2:41 4.2 - T:4S| 2.2
10 .'.. 2.C6 5.11 8:«! 1.0 5:3S ' 4.0 S£>\ 25
Steamer.
Destination.
|Sal'.3.| Flar.
| March 4. I | .
W. H. Kruge. Tillamook Bay J 5 pm|PJer —
Pomona . Hurnboldt ..+ i Z pm.Pier »
Columbia Astcria & Portland|ll am Pier 21
March fi.. • | . I
Acme.. . . Tillamook Bay ....J12 m|Pler 13
Argo Coqullle River.... ..| 4 pm'Pler 1
Empire Coos Bay | 4 pm|Pler U
Bonita Newport^ I » atu.t'ier li
.Mnroh 6. I |
Mandalajr Coqu;'le River j 5 pm|Pler I
M. Paul New YCtU via Pan 2 prniPler 17.
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 9 pmlPler 7
Ctas Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.|10«m|Pler 2
Queen..! San Dtejco I 3 ami Pier 11
March T. - j |
Eureka.. Humboidt | » amlPler 13
Nome City... San Pedro |10ara|Pier 2
Coptic China and Japan..! l pm PMS3
UmatUla l»uget Sound Port»|U am|Pier S
Arcata Coo* Cay ..» 12 mrPler li
March S.
Alliance Portld. & Coo» Bay 9 am I Pier —
Peru Panama & Way Pt 12 mjPMSS [
North Fork.. Humboidt 9 am|Pler 2J
Coroim ......... Newport <t amiHi« li
Colombia Valparaiso * Way 12 m!S.XV. 2 I
March- O.
G. "W. Elder. >Astorla& Portland 11 am Pier 9
Curacao....... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier U
Point Arena..|Polnt "Arena .j ; pmi^Ur a '
Corona Newport Mar. I
Newburjr Grays Harbor Mar. 7
Point Arena Point Arena -..Mar. 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 7
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. 7
Pomona. Humboldt Mir. 7
America Ma ru. China and Japan .-Mar. S
•State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports...;. Mar. 8
Newport {Tan-ima tt Way Ports. Mar. 10
Australia... ITahltl Mar. 10Winners of the Stallard Prizes.
BERKELEY, March 3.-The first prize
of $100 In the Stallard contest for the best
essay on the real, meaning and value of
the Declaration of Independence haa been
won by Frank W. Aitken. W. N. Hoh
feld and W. B. Greeley. were close con
testants ] for the second ¦ prize of $50, the
former receiving: the a-^wardl
The Judges, Sheldon G. Kellogg, the San
Francisco attorney, appointed by. Presi
dent Wheeler, , President W. T. Reid of
Belmont, j appointed . by President Jordan,
and Judge James G. Magulre of San Fran
cisco, appointed by Mrs. J. H. Stallard
submitted the, following report to Presi
dent Wheeler: : :¦ .; ' . • ;-' :,¦-; :-c ; ,
The committee on the ' Stallard price essay
contest respectfully reports as follows: °
They, award the first prize to Frank W
Altken. . , :
Ab to the second , prize they have. Been In
doubt between the essay submitted by Wesley
Newcomb Hohfeld and that submitted by Will
PEPPERED TARGETS
Cv AT SCHUETZEN PARK
SAN RAFAEL. March 3.— A fair crow-i
of marksmen assembled at Schuetzen
Park to-day and participated In the regu
lar shooting. The day was beautiful and
some eood shootingr was done over the
ranges.
The scores In the California Schuetzea
Club section were as follows:
Medal shoot: First champion clans — P. E.
Miit-:ii. £2o, 21$. Second champion class—Cap
tain V. A. Kuhls I06,'"l&0; A. Rahwyler, 19«,
Ills T. J. Carroll, 1SS. 156; O. Baumeiater, 1S«,
Ul; O. Meyer. ISO. l». First class— A. Gehret.
202. 201; H. Schroeder. 185. ISO; A. L'UchlK. 191.
165. Second class— R. Stettin. SU, 200; Captain
V. Attinger. 2C8. 204; A. JunRblut. SCI. 19$; L.
Keubold. 211, 161; A. Hampel, 18S, 167; F. A.
Schrumpf. IS". 1S1; E. Woenne, 171, 167. Third
class. Joseph Staub, 204. 158; J. C. Waller. 1S8,
ITS; C. H. Sagrehorn. 1S«. 167; F. C. Hagerup.
1S4, 171: John Horctmann, 174, 162; M. Reubold.
K8. 12f; J. Rlechmuller. 1S9. 175; p . Nolden.
US. 129. Fourth clans— Dr. M. H. Atkins, 138,
174; F. A. Smith. 193. 17S; A. von Wyl. 179,
1C3; O. Ohrtland, 146. 138: C. Gut, 135. 113; A.
Meyerhoffer. 117. 94; F. Reide. 128. 121. Cadet
class— Frank Carroll. 154. 148; XV. Woenne. 136.
120: H. linker. 136. 97; R. Meyerhoffer. 122. 112.
The San Francisco Qrutll Schuetzen Section.
Flm champion class— Alfred Gehret, 423. First
claw— Aucust Etuder. 380. Second class-Louis
Ilauser. 370. Third class— O. Imdorf. 100. Last
best fhot— A. Studer, 24. This won Mr. Studer
a silver medal.
The Gllndermann medal was won by A.
Gehret; the Adam Brehm medal was won
by O. R. Hauser.
The members of the Vereln Eintracht i
HEBREW SOCIAL CliUB
ANNUAL MASQUE BALL
The Beventh annual grand bal masquo
given by the San Francisco Hebrew
Social Club Iji celebration of the Jewish
festival, '"Purim," at Odd Fellows' Hall
last night was a very successful affair.
More, than 150 couples participated In the
Errand march, and their costumes were all
elegant and original. Some of the char
acters portrayed by the maskers were
cleverly imitated. The ball was in
charge of the following members of the
club: - -
Floor managers— P. Goldstein and "William
Baron.
Floor committee— J. Label. Henry Green I
Brilliant. M. Relnhelm and G. Cohen.
Reception committee — Harry Simon. I. Gold
pteln. Joseph Brackman, S. Schweitzer and S.
Sellgmann.
Committee of - arrangements— H. Goldman.
William Baron, J. Label, P. Goldstein and
Joseph Coleman. . •
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
J McKay. Santa Cruz A H Swan & fam Kan
L A Goebel, N Orleans Mrs S Buln Kan
J Johnson & fam, Idah L Roman, China
J H Kaeson, Vallejo J Sllnes, Benlcia
H Luebyand & w, Pa I) McCraiky. Benlcia
J Mulroy, Cal R Crowley, San Jose
E L Hollingshead, CalD D Burtch & w, Cal
J Darley, Fresno J A Mattson & w, Colo
J S Cronley, San Jose F Newburg & w. Pa
R Aceves, San Jose R Jones. Burlington
H L Moore. Manila Mrs E C Chaney & ch
O A Schroeder, Benlcia Detroit
Z E Dockland, Illinois J S New & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
W W Dolan & w. N Y
T Oakea & w. N Y
Miss Oakes. N Y
II P Dodd & w, N Y
T H Curtis, Oregon
J D Schuyler, Los Ang
T S Glass, Berkeley
R E Cbrotes, Sacto
F Moyer, N Y
J O Howard, N Y
X S Brown, Nev
G Holland, w & daugh,
st Louis
C E Glle. Stanford
J W Robblns, Berkeley
T Drake & w. N J
Miss Drake, N J
R Dodd & w. N J
W N Dixon & w. N T
F L Carney, Canada
MIes S Fair, Ind
J° I. Lakewood & w.Ind
M Laurette .Paris
L Banks & w, Oregon
F H Osgrood. Sea tie
II Wheeler, Seattle
Mrs J D Schmyhr, Cal
Mrs E M Miller, Cal.
E S Crowley & w. Tex
W B Smith, Newport
T B Pratt. Boston
B Becker, Germany
J C Perry & w, N Y
A C Hunan, San Joee
C J Kuhan, San Jose
J I Douglass, Chicago
C H Jose. Nev
T M Curtis, Astoria
H P Ellis, Portland.Or
Ml»8 Ellis, Portland.Or
F R Rule, Los Angeles
R T DBarton, NSW
F W Iveath & w. Ore •
Q B Brumsen. N Y
Mrs M A Martin, III
Mrs H A Thorpe, Ind
J C McCook. Pa
C F Trauslch. Pa
J P Taylor, Berkeley
0 L Gleason, Berkeley
1 S Montgomery, likley
S H Hall, Berkeley
B Hlrschfeld, NY'
C E Ely. St Lnuls
C L F Teller. Chicago
W D Edwards, Wash
H Clark. Seattle
E Kaufmann, N Y
I F G James & w. Mo
F J Patton, Victoria
Mrs Patton, Victoria
8 M Roberts & w, III
B T Ashmann, Conn
J T> Bradley & w, III
F Gerstley, Los Ang
A A Baker. Mich
E W Gllmore & w, N Y
F A Lees. Butte
GRAND HOTEL.
T H Selvage, Eureka l
H Miller & wife. Oak
8 Brown, Vallejo -
O M Seronna, Fresno
J C Hodamltt. Cal
J W Mansfield, Cal
J E Sullivan & wf. Cal
H K McLennan & wf,
Sacramento
Miss I McLennan, do
Dr A S Keenan, Cal
W Ellers, Stockton
C E Milton, Oakland
J Watson, Cal
F Waleen & wf. Den
Jos Blaschert. N Y
J D Eyre, do
A G Baanrs, London
Miss C Pau, S Quentln
Mrs C E Yates, Neb j
J F Ludwlg & wf, Ariz
J D Weer, Tacoma i
Mrs L Glasgow & ttau, '
Spokane. Wash . ¦ I
Mrs M Thorman, Seattl
Miss A Thorman, do
Miss I Thorman, do
Mrs M Hopkins &
daughter, do
Miss N Hopkins, do
F J Patton, Victoria
Mrs P T Patton, do
C A Craey. Phila
W W Dlxon & wf. NY
F A Hugglns, City !
Lew Thome, Wabash I
W. SiChaffee. Ventura
E Iscn*ee, do j
C .W Rogers, Iowa . j
C E Elliott. . Chicago ¦
W II Loomls wf. Mont
I R I Ashman, Brdgport
It 'XV Fanquiet, Yreka
O E Barnard, Wash
A S Holly. Stanford
J It Thurston, R Bluff
R Henry & wf, Ariz
Dr J T Jones, G Val
A J Coua>. NY
O F Peterson, Minn
J A Frawley, Omaha
H R Hildreth. S Diego
C A.Storke, S Barbara
Mrs S Grant, do
Miss F Hey, do "
A S McFlanders %
A . W Veatch, Chicago
J Sewell, Uklah
C J Spalem, Dubuque
A C Kuhn. San Jose
H Brown, Sacto
E B Hitchcock. Armd
A F Ylpp, str St Paul
P J Pratt & w. Seattl
E A Sullan, Wash D C
8 . S Lewis & w. Sac I
O M Teser, Milwaukee |
C A Mlddletown. B Ck
B J . Parlow, Placervl
T A Oliver, Austin Nev
H Mitchell, S Mateo
F.H Read. Sacto
J Danners, Willows •
C Campbell, Red Bluff
G C Williams & w, do
G M Boles, Frr sno " "¦
J Craig, w & c. High 8
H H Fahmeatock, III .
J S Gardner, Bohemia
K S Ills. St Louts Mo
C H Jennings. U S A
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GOLFERS PRACTICE
ON PRESIDIO LINKS
Professionals Will Play To-Day Over
the Burlingame Country
Club Course.
The beautiful weather attracted many
golfers out to the Presidio links yester
day. Horace Rawlins, the professional
of the Oakland Golf Club, practiced over
the course with a view to the tournament
to be held on Tuesday and Wednesday
afternoons. Robert Johnstone, the San
Francisco professional, spent yesterday
at Burlingame with Willie Smith, I>avid
Bell and K. J. Riley. John Lawson and
B. D. Adamson were also on the links of
the Burlingame Country Club.
To-day at Burllngame there will be a
tournament, in which Smith. Bell, Riley
and Johnstone will be the competitors for
money prizes offered by the Country Club.'
On Tuesday and Wednesday the profes
sionals will gather at the Presidio links.
Smith and Bell each playing the best ball
of the amateurs in the mornings, and
Smith. Bell. Johnstons and the Rawlins
brothers engaging in a professional tour
nament In the afternoon. In consequence
of the visit of the professionals to the
Presidio the ladles have deferred the
fourth contest for the Council's cup for
women, which was scheduled for to-day,
Tuesday and Wednesday.
The openins round at match play of the
fourth conpetitlon for the Council's cup
for mvn will take place next Saturday aft
ernoon. The eight men who qualified are
matched as follows: Hugh Tevis vs.
Charles Page. W. H. La Boyteaux vs. H.
C. Golcher, H. C. Breeden vs. Captain D.
J. Rumbaugh, S.' L. Abbot Jr. vs. J. W.
C. E. Oliver beat \V. E. Lester vester
day in a practice match, and H. c
Golcher pjayed a close game with H. D
Pillsbury. Andrew Carrlgan, H. A
Blackman, W. H. La Boyteaux and.oth
ers were out for practice.
BAKZHS EXTEND AID
TO STRIKING TEAMSTEHS
Thomas Westley, organizer of the Fed-
eral Labor Union, has succeeded In get
ting together the laborers 'of this city in
order to form a union which will affiliate
with the American Federation of Labor.
At the meeting held yesterday at 1159 Mis
sion street Messrs. Zant, Barnett ana
Wright of the organizing; committee of
the San Francisco I^abor Council, and
Delegate Thomas Cannon of the Pavers*
Union were, present. Permanent officers
will be elected next Sunday afternoon, by
which time it Is expected to have the or
ganization perfected.
Bakers' Union No. 24 has decided to do
nate J100 to the striking teamsters. More
will be erlven If needed. - M. Wille of this
city and Jack Knutte of Vallejo were ap
pointed delegates to the Vallejo Labor
Council. An agitation has been com
menced for the use of the union labor on
all bakers' products. ¦
"William H. Yates, the well-known grain
broker, died at his home In San Rafael
yesterday morning. The deceased was one
of the best known men In the jnaln busi
ness in this State and his rljrure was fa
miliar to everybody on change and along
California street.
William H. Yates Dies.
In a discussion before a large audience
last night In Golden Gate Hall on the sub
ject of "How to Cure Poverty" Professor
Knox of the Mental Science Colleee, Se
attle, asserted that wealth was slmplv
the concentration of thought and that all
of us were wealthy if we only thought
so. A collection was then taken up.
Wealth a Matter of Thought.
A. Busalachl (owner) with Lulgl Cuneo (con
tractor and architect)— All work for three-story
and basement frame building on lot on S line
of Bay street. 22:11 W of Mason, W 22:11 by 3
60; (2400.
L. O. Fell (owner) with Prince H. "White
(contractor) architect Theo. ,W. Lenzen — All
work on . a two-story frame building to be
raised, moved and have a full story built under
It on lot on NW corner of Eddy and Webster
streets. N 27:6 by -W 100; $2245.
Anna T. F. Gray (owner) with C. P. Moore
(contractor). 1 architect O. A. Dodire— Grading:,
brick, concrete,; carpenter and mill' work,
stairs, lathing, plastering, rough hardware, tll
in- and marble steps for a two-story and attic
frame building on lot on E line, of First ave
nue 52:2.84 N of Clay street. I> 25:1.44, B
117:10.7. S 25, W 120:5%: $4359. ...
Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, a corporation .(owner) with Gray Bros,
(contractors). - engineer A. J. Stels3 — Concrete
walls, pumping and twisted Ironwork for a
two-story and basement brick building on lot
bounded by New Montgomery. Natoma and
Minna etreets; $4294.
Zacharle Nougue- (owner) with L. B. Perra
mont (contractor), architects E. Deplerre and
P. Rlghettl — All work except painting and
papering for alterations and additions to a
two-story frame building at 1979 Pine street.
S side, near. Laguna; $3200.
Eugene licgasch (owner) with Felix Marcuse
(contractor and architect) — AH work for four
room cottage with basement on lot on SE cor
ner of Fulton and Stanyan streets, 25x106:3;
?1870.
Mutual ; Savings Bank (owner) with Gray
Bros, (contractors), architect ¦William Curlett—
Bulkheadlng and grading of lot for Mutual
Savings Bank building on lot on S line of
Geary street, 30:6 W of Kearny, \W 73:10%, a
88:2%. SE £2:9% to . Market . street, NE 53:0%.
N 60:094 to beginning: $3314. .
¦¦•-¦ Same owner with : George Goodman I (contrac
tor) architect same — Constructing the concrete
foundation for same on same; $3004 90. '
Bu.ild.5rs' Contracts.
Edmund Marks (by E. D. Rue. commissioner)
to A. W. Foster (surviving trustee for
Annie A. and Hazel O. Montgomery), lot on
NE corner of Fountain and Twenty-flfth
streets. N 133:4. E 125, N»66:8; E 125, S 85, W
100. S 75, W 150; $3560.
A. W. Foster (surviving trustee for Annie
A. ' and Hazel G. Montsromery) to Annie (or
Annie A.) Montgomery, undivided half of
same; J17S0.
Catherine-, William and Clara L. Ede to Wil
liam Ede Company (corporation) lot on SW
corner of Powell and Ellis streets, S 48 by W
75: $10.
Ellen Greaney to Annie Kgan, lot on E line
of Stevenson street, 120 N of Fourteenth, N 25
by K 65; J10CO.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to D. W.
Schmoldt, lot on S line of Liberty street, 400
K of Castro, E 25 by S 114; $650.
William H. Maxwell (by C. W. Elfvinp. com
nMssloner) .to Henrietta A. Forbes, lot on NW
corner of Twenty-second and Eureka streets,
W 59 ;S by N &5; $1958.
Goodall Estate Company (corporation) to
James M. Curtln, lot on NW corner of Twenty
fourth and Douglass streets, W 125 by N 32;
$1000,
Nora O'Brien (by H. B. Umbaen, commis
sioner) to Monarch Mutual Budding and Loan
Association, lot on N line of Carl street, 137:6
W of Stanyan. W 25 by N 137:6; J3629.
Frank M. and Emma A. ' Hultberg to Henry,
Joseph. S. B. and A. L. Kedllck. lot on N Una
of Page street. 102. E of Lyon, E 25 by N 137:8;
JJ.COO.
Almena, Algar (or Olga) and Alfreda, Fren
ger, minors (by F. G. Elckhorat, guardian) to
seme, same; 5075.
Harry and Anna M. Wheeler to It. D. Mc-
F.lroy. lot on N line of 'Waller street, 192:8 "W
of Buchanan, "SV 25 by N 120; $3500.
Agnes V. Nolan (Reese) (Holt) to Peter Dean.
lot on SW comer of Sacramento and Flllmore
streets. W 106:3 by 8 79:6; $21,500.
Louis and Jennie Frledlander to Francesco
Cianclarulo, lot on W line of Devlsadero
tlreet, 112:6 N of Halsht, N 25 by W 112-6
$i(\C0O.
Gertrude Frenger (or Freuger) to J. Elmer
Hogue, lot on N line of Greenwich street 252
E of Baker, E 29:6 by N 120; »500.
£state of Jean X. G. Hunter (by A. F. Mor
rison and Oliver B. Martin, executors) to Rob
ert G. Hooker, lot on SE corner of Laguna
and Ellis streets, S 120 by E 137:6; $33,000.
Catherine and Henry Hart to Levl M. Kel-
Icgg, lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 50 W of
Polk street, -W 25 by N 100; $4100.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NEW YORK, March 3.— Tests are being
made at the Sandy Hook proving grounds
with a new explosive of great power, and
ordnance officials say highly satisfactory
results have been obtained. Great secrecy
has been observed in conducting the
tests, as the War "Department has deter
mined that nothing- shall bo made public
of the experiments at the proving
grounds.
It has been learned that the new ex
plosive is the invention of an American
and as yet is not named. This removes It
from., the class of explosives that have
been named and described, and marks it
as something entirely new.
Loaded with the new explosive, a shell
penetrated seven inches of armor and
then burst destructively. With most of
the explosives the heat generated by the
shell's impact has caused it to explode
before penetrating the armor; hence. If
launched against the side of a battle
ship, the shell would prove far less ef
fective than if it penetrated the armor be
fore exploding. As .a test of the power of
the new explosive, a shell was loaded
with It and burled many feet deep in sand
and a huge pile of timber was placed on
top. The same kind of shell loaded with
•an equal amount of other explosive, was
not burst by the explosion. With the
new compound, however,- the shell was
shattered into a thousand pieces and a
burst of lurid flame shot up through the
sand and timber many yards in height.
It was Impossible to learn from those
who were familiar with the result of the
tests with the new explosive further"8Te
talls of the trial. Ordnance officials speak
guardedly of the matter, on account of
the strict order of the War Department
that all information about the testa at
Sandy Hook shall come from the depart
ment headquarters at Washington.
It Is known, however, that they con
sider the results as surpassing those ob
tained with any other explosive yet tried.
Much satisfaction is felt that the in.ventor
of the compound * that promises to have
an Important bearing on ordnance of the
future is an American. ¦
Invention of an American
Is Given a Trial at '
Sandy Hook.
ated. The fracture caused a rupture qf
blood vessels in the brain. From these
exuded blood that gradually formed a
clot, pressing 'slowly but surely upon the
vital parts of the brain and eventually
causing death. In ninety-nine cases out
of a hundred such an Injury as this man
suffered must have Induced immediate
loss of senses, and this exception Is all the
more remarkable.
"So far as I am concerned, I do not feel
entirely satisfied as to the cause given for
the injury. If James had fallen only eight
feet it seems almost Incredible that the
fracture should have been so commin
uted as we found it. The only evidence
we have now is the story that was told
to Will James, who found some of the
sailors in San Francisco last night. Of
course, I do not know of anything that
would give a different aspect to the case
except the nature of the injury as dis
closed at the autopsy. The surgeons all
OFFICIALS TEST
NEW EXPLOSIVE
agreed that it would be most remarkable
If the fracture were the result of an eight
foot fall. I. shall ask the transport offi
cials to investigate the case so we may
be sure what are the facts."
James' residence was Jor many years
in Berkeley, where he was prominent in
political circles. He was at one time a
Justice of the Peace In the university
town. His family, consisting of a wife,
son. and daughter,, resided on Woolsey
street, near Calais. Because of his wife's
ill-health. James had temporarily been
boarding with tho Salisburys. That was
the reason he went to their home Instead
of to his own residence.
H« was 56 -years old. a native of Boston
During the civil war he j served In the
United, States navy. The deceased veter
an was a member of Occidental Lodge
No. 22 of Masons of San Francisco. Th*>
funeral will be held under direction of
Durant Lodge of Masons at Berkeley.
B. Greeley. They feel that while the former
shows great Industry and wide research. It la
very diffuse and full of repetition. The style
cf the latter is better, but- it seems to have
been written hastily and does not treat the
questions submitted with tha fullness and
clearness which were evidently contemplated
by the donor of the prize, Neither of these
essays is as satisfactory as the committee
would wish for second prize. After careful
consideration, however, they have decided tO'
award the second prize to Wesley Newcomb
Hohfeld.
The essays were examined by all the mem
bers of the committee and the prizes were
awarded before the envelopes containing the
names of the 'writers were opened.
THE LATE FRANK JAMES. WHO. WITH SKULL FRACTURED SO
THAT DEATH WAS MATTER OF BUT ' A FEW HOURS, JOUR
NEYED UNATTENDED TO OAKLAND.
OPENING PICNIC AT
SHELL. MOUND PARK
Shooting Societies on the Ranges
Enjoy Fair Weather for
Their Sport.
Captain Slebe's annual opening picnic
at Shell Mound Park yesterday was an
unqualified success. Special trains ran to
the park until late m the afternoon ami
about 6000 pleasure-seekers were enter
tained by the popular proprietor. Gifts
of toys and candy were distributed io
every child under 10 years of ace. The
Teutonia Eintracht and Hammersohn
singing societies were present and two
bands made music for the dancers.
A new dancing: pavilion, to take the
place of the one destroyed by fire laat
week, will be completed within a month.
The shooting societies honored the
opening day with exceptionally fine scoro-i.
All the marksmen are doine their verv
best to prepare to win honors for Califor
nia in the great international shooting
festival which Is to be held In this State
next July.
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club heM
its opening prize shoot for the year. The
cash prizes, amountr:ij to $250, were won
In the following order:
F. F. Schuster, J. Utsehigr, A. Strecker.
A. H. Pape, C. Thierbach, D. B. Faktor,
I F. E. Mason. W. GUnuemann. H. Bur
i felnd, C. Henderson, U. \V. McLaughlin
O. Brener. L. Haako, Phllo Jacoby. F.'
! Koch. H. Huber. O. White. H. Heliberz
. Premiums for most flags— F. P. Schuster,
i C. Thierbach. F. G. Mason, A, H. Pape,
! J. Utschip, A. Strecker. H. Burfeind. O.
j Brewer, C. M. Henderson, W. Glinde
i mann. First bullseye of the forenoon —
' Philo Jacobv. I>ast oullseye of the forj
! noon--D. 13. Faktor. 1 irst bullseve of the
i afternoon— S. P. Schuuter. Last bullseye
I of the afternoon— L. Haake, secretary of
; the National Bund.
¦ Several other orean'zatlons held their
¦ regular monthly medal shoots. The rs
i suits were as follows:
In^ep^ntfcnt Rif>f= — Corporal P. Schonig, 43;
1 R. V. Hither. 36; H. Oat-tjen Jr.. 10; II. Rein- ,
¦ harit. 37; CorjKiral H. Frederickson, IS; C.
! Schneider. 35; Cornoral F. H. Gaun, 14; C.
; H#rir.R. 24; J. H.-Wllklns, 13; H. Mei«ner 27;
| V. H. Schmidt, 23; II. Marzolf, 34; C. Schmidt,
! 24: J. H. Kuhnle. Si.
i Corner.}- L, First Infantry, National Guard —
' Sergeant H. a. Stindt, 37; Corporal E. H.
I Sar.K8tack. 41; W. YoU, 41;' H. Doherty, 21;
T. J. Foley. 24; W. G. Johnston, 3S; T.
J Branch. 16; A. Drown, 33; M. fjaus. 24.
i Company D, Kirst Infa.ntrv t National Guard —
| J. M. Davis. J2; A. Hlntz, 21; J. F. Dever.
; l F >; H. H. Varney, «; L. A. Authers. 15; A.
j A. Berg, 35; G. M. Miller. 14; R. C. Durst, 10.
I A thrce-coracrfd match shoot between mem
' t»rrs of the Xatlonal Guard resulted as fol
j lows: Colonel H. E. Burn*. 39; Bergeant H.
G. Rchlndt, ES: Corporal E. H. Sanjrstack, 34.
i Deutsehor Krel&er Veretn— First champion
! class", C. Wepsentnann, 397; second champion
i <¦]«!>, O. Darainer, 363: first cla*s, John Ilan
; dfr, £>:; peeond class. X. Sllberzahn, 130;
; third ciass, C. Meyer, 377; fourth class, John
j Lar.kexi", 224; best first shot, George Hetzel,
I 24; best last ghot. George Hetzel, 24; most
¦ centers. C. Weggrenmann.
Monthly bullseye prize shoot — First prize.
C. Wcggenniann; second prize, A. II. Mohr;
•| third prize. George Hetzel; fourth prize, C.
• Meyer; fifth prize. Captain A. Francke: sixth
I prize, O. Dammer; Beventh prize, John Ben
der.
STEWART ATTACKS NOYES.
Senator Hakes a Bitter Speech When
McKexizie Matter Is Mentioned.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— The Senate
in ¦ executive session yesterday reopened
the ¦ discussion connected, with Judge
Noyes* appointment of Alexander McKe:i
zle to the poeitfon of receiver of certain
mines in -Alaska.
The Question arose In connection with
the nomination of Frank H. Richards as
United States Marshal for the Second
District of Alaska. Richards had previ
ously .been confirmed, but at the last pre
vious executive session Senator Stewart
had moved a reconsideration of the nom
ination arid yesterday's session was dt»
vcied to a consideration of that motion.
Senator -Stewart led the discussion,
which ¦aras devoted almost exclusively tc
The McKer.zie case. He read affidavits
to 6how that Richards himself had acterl
in the capacity of vecelver In litigated
mining casesunder Tu<Jge Noyes* appoint
ment. He expressed himself as thorough
ly distrustful of Judpc Noyes and pleadei
with tiie Senate to fcermit the nomination
to falT, 'caving that the President couk*
reappoirrt "him after next Monday and
thus afford time for such an investigation
as the Senate thoufirht should be made
Into the character of the man who was to
occupy so Important a position as Mar
shal in AJa.«ka,
Senator Stewart's attack upon Judg;e
Noyes ha<1 the effect of bringing out
epeVches from Senator Hansbrou&h. who
defended Noyes, and others. The debate
¦was very tart at times. Senator Pettiffrew
suggested that there ™~as as much reason
for investigating 1 the Sa.n Francisco cour:,
u-hich had interfered in the McKenzie
ca.se. as thpr.^ wa? for invest ljratlngr the
Noyes tr2r.5act5or.F. Senator Stewart's
rcotlon was ur.disposeJ of when the ex
ecutive session ccmc:u<ied.
SE2IATE"S CONFIRMATIONS.
Selection of Eublee for the Consul-
ship at Hongkong Is
Approved.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— The Senate
in executive session made the following
confirmations:
Brartstreet S. Racidar. of Maine to be
Ccr.5ul of the United States at Batavia,
Java.
Milton E. Ailes of Ohio to be Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury.
William A. Rublee of Wisconsin to be
Cfr.Ful General at Hongkong.
Naval Constructor Francis T. Bowles
to be chief constructor and ehl»f of th*
Bureau of Construction and Repair in th^
I 'epart merit of the Navv
Captain WH!:am Crezier to be professor
: cf natural and *=xn*>rlmcntal philosophy at
the Military Academy.
Georg-e JJ. Gear tn Iw; Second JutJg-e of
fh* Clictiiy Co-art of the First Circuit of
th» Territory of Hawaii.
Marshal] 13. Wood worth to be attorney
cf The I'niTed States Tor the Northern
Patriot of California.
John H. Fesler of Colorado to be Consul
at ArcT. China. * • ¦
Edward H. Andersen to be Surveyor
Or-rcral of Utah.
Tlchrrt A. Miller to be postmaster at
I'cr:o Rico.
Appointed Assistant Surgeon.
WASHINGTON. March 3 —The Presi
dent-to-day nominated V.VH. "Winterberg
of California, acting assistant surgeon, U.
S. A., to be assistant furgeon of volun
teers, vith rank of captain.
California — T>. M. Cheney. Sonoma;
Frank H. Blngham. Susanvllle; George
W. Humphreys, Dunsmuir.
OAKLAND, March 3.— With a frac
ture of the skull that brought
death in a few hour3 Frank W.
James, a timekeeper on the trans
port Sheridan, retained conscious
ness after the reported fall which causei
the injury, left the vessel in San Fran
cisco, and, unaided, went to the residence
of R. R. .Salisbury. 368 Tenth street. In
this city. As he entered the house Jame3
sank into insensibility. Then Dr. Hubert
X. Rowell of Berkeley ¦was summon*? .1
James was at once removed to a sanitar
ium, but he died at'2 o'clock this morning
without recovering consciousness.
For nearly three hours after he was
hurt James had full possession of his fac
ulties, and had the power of locomotion,
a condition which the surgeons declare
is phenomenal in the history of medical
practice.
The remarkable nature of the case at
tracted a score of surgeons to the post
mortem examination, which was conduci
ed this evening at the Morgue under th.?
direction of. Dr. Rowell, who was assist
ed by Dr. S. H. Buckley, Dr. D. D. Crow-
Icy and Dr. Frank Adams. The autopsy
revealed a fracture at the temporal re
glon and at the base of the brain on the
left side of the head, and so severe was
the injury that the assembled medical
men marveled at the history of the case.
The reported accident which cost James
his life occurred yesterday morning on
the transport Sheridan at the Folsorn
street dock. According to the statement
which was made to Will James, the son
of the deceased, by sailors, he stepped
Into an open hatchway and fell eight f»-et,
striking head first on a pile of lumber. The
injured man was dazed when assistance
reached him, but otherwise gave no in
dication that he had suffered what was
so soon to prove a fatal accident. He
seemed to recover hims'elf so quickly. that
those who went to him did not suspect
lor an Instant that anything serlouj
would result.
"That's all right; never mind me, boys
Go on with your work," was James' re
mark to his fellows as he gathered him
self together after the fall and walke.1
briskly off the transport. He went to
the Oakland ferry, and held himself in
shape so that he was able to 'go to the
residence in Oakland where he had been
temporarily stopping during his employ
ment on the vessels.
He did not lapse into unconsciousness
until he told his friends to send for Dr.
Rowell. Then the external evidence of
the fracture at the base of the brain, the
hemorrhape at the p&ra and ¦ throat, was
manifested. The skilled eye of the sur
geon saw there "was no hope, but every
thing possible was done to save the in
jured man's life.
At the autopsy to-night Dr. Rowell, his
brother surgeons agreeing, said:
"The case is one of the most extraordin
ary that ever came to my attention, either
in practice or in the books. That this man
should have boen able to retain his pow
ers and faculties with such an injury to
the skull and the brain as long as he did
is simply phenomenal. The autopsy
proves that James was fatally hurt. Tri«s
man with death hanging over him not
only was conscious, but could use his
powers of locomotion. That is a feature
of double Interest to the medical men. '
"The explanation Is In the slowness
with which the cerebral hemorrhage oper-
Schuetzen Club made ihe following scores
in the buUseye medal shoot:
Bullscye fihoot-Louin Schmidt, 24; O. Thlele
second. C. Muller third.
Medal shoot: Champion class — Captain F. A.
Ruhls. 407: E. L.. Rlemenschneider. 362; Casper
Mueller. 354: J. Young. 330; F. C. Haurerup, 30tS.
First class— O. R. Ludewlg, 351; A. Stroh, 304;
C. Hartwlp. 2S9. Second class— O. Thlele. 810;
C. Auer. 304. Third class — C. Waldau, 2C3; J.
Richert, 194; \V. RunliPr, 221..
First best shot— E. 1^. Ulemenschnelder, 23. r
Last best shot— Captain F. A. Kuhls, 25.
COLUMBIA, S. C. March 3.— Unusuai
revelations are expected Thursday when
the Grand Jury of Anderson County re
ports to a special ?Ht!ug of the court upon
the investigation ordered February 1» by
Judge Bennett. The following alleged
facts will be brought to the attention of
the court:
That in the convict penitentiaries in An
derson County were found negroes guilt
less of any greater crime than refusing
to comply with labor contracts which de
manded absolute slavery. These con
tracts should not nave been held lawful
and the nrgroes, though never taken be
fore a magistrate, were by physical force
kept in bondage and made to work as
felon?. The contr.-icts signed by these
ignorant negroes were negotiable papers.
A land owner having a negro bound to
him for a years work could sell his con
tract to a third party.
The attention of the court was directed
to this matter by evidence in the trial
of Charles Newell, a Dlanter, whos^
farms are worked by convicts. Newell
was charged with murder, having shot
Will Hull, a negro trying to escape from
his stockade, when it was shown that the
negro had never been convicted of a crime
before a magistrate or a judge.
Charges Arc Made That Men Have
Been Confined Because They Ke
fused to Submit to Abso
lute Bondage.
South Carolina Grand Jury
Expected to Stir Up a
Big Scandal.
NEGROES HELD
FOR SLAVERY
MANILA, Jlaroh 3.- The Thirty-fifth
Vr.ited. States -Volunteer Infantry arrived
here to-day from the province of Bula
oan p.nd Will probably" sail for home
March .15 on the transport Thomas.
Captain Draper, commandant at Oalon
papo, kept alongr the west coast with
elphty marines; capturing- two insurgent
oScers and fourteen men, talcing twenty
six rifles and -destroying 14,000 bushels of
rice and 104. caraboas.
. The ¦ Insurgent colonel. Cristobal, has
surrendered at Naic, Cavite. with two of
flcers and twelve men. He handed over
twelve rifles to the- American?.
Uncle Sam's Troops Take
Insurgent Officers and
Men in Luzon.
Thirty-Fifth Volunteer Infantry
Regiment Returns to Manila
and Will Soon Leave for
This Port.
REBELS CAUGHT
BY AMERICANS
With His Skull Fractured and Death for His Companion
He Walks From Transport Dock to Ferry, Takes Boat
and Falls Unconscious Upon Reaching His Residence
DOCTORS MARVEL AT WONDERFUL
VITALITY EXHIBITED BY JAMES
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 3.
David Irwln lived in the light of three
centuries before death overtook him. At
the age of 101 years he passed away to
day at the home of a niece, Mrs. Sarah
Fairbanks of 1014 Twenty-eighth- street,
this city. Had the centenarian lived 1 un
til April 10 next he would have passed the
102 mark.
, Irwin was born In Lawrence County,
New York, in the year l7i»'J. All his life
he had been a farmer, ile farmed the
place he was born on until he was nearly
4'J years oia, when he went to Kent Coun
ty, Michigan, remaining a tiller of the
soil until he came to California a few
months ago for a rest. >'or sixty years
continuously he lived and farmed the
property he settled upon when he went to
Michigan.
Irwln did not marry until he was 37
years old. Since* then he has had three
wives. The tirst one was Miss Margaret
Gunn, the second Miss Mary Douglas and
the third Mrs. Ann Crouch. The last
named he married six years ago In Alle
gan, Mich., when he was 95 years old. His
wife survives him and is 6o years of age.
She had known him for twenty years.
¦ Of the eight girls and f our ' sons that
were born to Irwin, all but three of the
girls are living. The oldest is Mrs. Julia
Thomas of Ailegan, and she Is Cl years
of age. The youngest sou, David Jr., is
43 years old.
Irwin was a twin, his counterpart,
whose name was Jonathan Irwin, having
lived and worked with his brother until
he died, about eight years ago. It was
not a natural cause that took the brother
off, but an accident.
In his time Irwin was the spectator of
four American wars and had the honor
to take an active part in each of them.
During ;i:e war of 1312-14 and while he
was still a boy he was connected with the
commissary department of the American
army.- During the Mexican war he
served as a sergeant in a volunteer regi
ment and fought in threo big battles, re
ceiving a severe wound at Resaca dp la
Pama. Again, when the Black Hawk war
broke out he was at the front, fighting
the savages with energy. Though he was
more than 60 years old when the Civil
War commenced, he entered it with vigor
and by bravery won the rank of lieutenant
of the Second Michigan Cavalry, with
which he had enlisted as a volunteer.
The old man voted for twenty Demo
cratic nominees for President and never
swerved from his allecinnce to the party
of his father, who had be^n a Democrat
before him. When Bryan visited Allegan
In October last Irwln occupied the same
platform with him and made a speech
after the Presidential candidate had
spoken. Bryan then took a badge from
his coat and pinned it on Irwin's.
There was no sign that the old man.
was fallinp until two weeks ago, when
he was taken down with the grip. He
passed away at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
Three Times He Becomes a Husband,
Taking His Last Wife When
He Is Ninety-rive Years
Of Age.
David Irwin Dies at the
Home of His Niece Aged
101 Years.
THREE CENTURIES
SEE HIM LIVING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. . : MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1901.
c
7
Eot. Hyde and Larkln.
STABLES, 1316 PINE STREET.
At 11 A. M.
TUESDAY, March 5,
Consisting cf SURREYS. ROCKAWAYS
OPE.N and TOr> BUGGIES, TRAPS
CARTS. HARNESS. HORSES. Etc.
Most of this stock Is new and all of the Ia6
»>st styles, as 1 intended to have a first-clas|
stable with up-to-date rlss. But owin? to tl»
unsettled condition cf the l'.very stable bust
ness In this city and- poor health -I offer thi
above stock at public auction to the hlghea
bidder. No reserve or limit. Call and examlna
li. P. VAX CLEVE.
AUCTION SALES
EAHWAT TRAVEL.
KouTiir.itM i-*«i »¦!«• cearisr.
<r*ciric amiM.)
Train* lvn««> »¦¦•« nv ilnr In nrrli* ret
M> rRANCMCO,
(Main Line. FouC of Market SUeci)
lUH — From Mabc: 1, 1301. — arritj
?s3Ua Benicia, t-uijun, Elmira, Vicirille,
Rumsey auti nacritiuentn 7:-"»Up
T:3«a Daris. Wuou.aad. Kuigbts Laudiac,
\S ir>s»i.!<r. <> r , ,.[.;.« T:."J«p
7:.1i>* AtUnti-.: Kipresa— Oedeii and East 12:8<»r
».Oi> a Jll trttner. .Sau U iiiinii. Valle]o. ?"»l'4,
( 'rtiisd'k'-i iii ¦! Hmi r.% Uusa H:!t1> r
8:00a yi!ij«. liTermore, Tr.cy, Lathrop,
Stocktoa 7:20 p
»:3Oa Shutte Express— D»Tis. WUllsms(fcr
BartteU birlngs). Wllluws, Us I
Bluil, rorsisud. 7iO«p
• itjli* S*u Juse. Ufermore, .Stockton.
lime. Sacr&meuto.' PlarerTille,
M»rjSTlil». Chicn. lia.1 ItlulT -«iS«r
M:SO* OkkUalr, Cbljiese. .-.on.-ra. Carters... 4:2»p
»:OO* HsyirsrUn. Nii. » and \V»j Stations. 11:30*
9:00a Lcs Acgft'os Exjireas — Martinez,
Tracy, l/vtur.rx huicstou. U«roed
Freanuand Los Angeles •. ... 7:3nr>
Oi:i«a V»ll-J-.. HilHsni»l Way Station* S>»«p
I «:oo, Tt« OrerUtiU Uniiied— Ogdeo. Den-
»er, Omaha. Cbicag<> 0>3Or
11:00a Xllr-s, Stockton, Sacramento. Men-
doU. rTesai., liauford. VisslU.
PrrterviUo 4:2«r
11:OOa IjTenaore, S«ng«r. Goahen Juno-
tlon, U.feenfl^a. Los Aageles
fl:0Or Sarra:iifiiii> Illver .Steauinrs f5:O(U
3:O0p It&jtrards. NiirsanU Way Station*. 0i30r
4>U«r Murciiiex. Hhii IUiuoii. Vallejo,
N»|>h, CalixtoKK. Smita Itnsa »i30«
4sOUrUeuict», Winters, Maeranianto.
Wou-lland, Ki.f k lits lj»uvllii«.
MarjrutlUjr, Ororlile IftriO,
4-.:t(»r Iltyirirds, Mien and Kan Jo*e t «¦¦>«*
S:OOr Ni.ei Lifennore. Stockton. Lod! ... lt):3Oi
tfS:OOp buoaet IJiutted. El Paso. New
Orleans and Eaat. sIViSOa
S:OOrThs Onl Limited— l"racy, Fresno.
IiakenfleU). Haiigtia tut bants ilai-
bara, Los Angeles 10:J0v
SiOOrKew Orleaac Exrrtss— llakersflald.
h»nti» lUrtmra. I.us Angoles. Uein-
Inir, Cl Paso, Now Orleans and
Cut 7i»o«
6:O»p Haj«rart1«, Nllei and San Jo«f *i1O»
iOiOttr Vallejit lliSO\
«iO»r Oriental M*ll— Of.'.ea. CbeyeDOe.
Omaha, Chicago l'i:2ttr
•fliOOr Orieutal Mail— Ogdeo, Denrer.
Omaba, Cblcaco. 4t3op
7:00r Oregon and Califurnia KiprKss.Hao-
r»ii>miti». MmmiUlf. KaiMlng.
rurtl.ii.l. l"..git Nmnil ami Kuk S>3Oa
li«5r Ban P*b'.o, Pi>rt Coats, JMartlaez
and Way rJlatious 11>30a
l»iO3r V>1!»1» 7:3Q»
COAST DIVISION (Narrow IJauss).
(Foot «.f Market Street.)
»:•.¦>* NeiTwk.Oi.tort ille.han Jose, ITrlton,
BoiiUlr r Crrei«,Sai>taCriiz»ml Wa*
SUtloin 6i3i»p
f3tl3p Newark, Canter»lllo, &»n .lois, N*w .
Alinxlan. t'cltnn, Itonldsr Creak, . .
Sniit* Crux and 1'riselpal Waj
Sutlous t"»""*°»
4 >llp Newark. Nan Joas. Log Gatot 8ii>0a
aO:3O? Hunters' Eisursion, San Jose and
Way Buttons. t 7 ** 8 *
• CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from 51 » FlUHCISCa— rj.t *f Varitt SlmMSU? S»—
17:15 9:00 ll.CI)».M. 1:S3 1:00 J:13r.w.
fttmOillkn— fnl •rBrtiiiwuj.— f«:00 U.00 (3:0*
10:00. M. 12:C3 3:C3 j:C3p.W.
COAST DITCtlOil (Kroa4liaese).
(Thlnl and To-.tiucmiJ SU)
'|O:I«U Ooeau View, Hontb A»n PruDcUcn.. \tii:i»r
7iO»a San Josa ami \V»» SUUoiis (New
A)i»»<1cii We.1iiMdajsoi.ly) Ii8«r
tfiUOi Han Jnae. Txea IMnos. H«nu Oru>.
Pacille «iroir. !•»*¦> Knhles, Han
I.nl* Olil*|i<>, Surf. Lompoo and
1'rliicljml Wav SUtlmu -Ill OF
loi IO» Saa .).««« and War MtaUoii*. »i«»
I IsSOa Hm> Jou ami Way.SUtlnna SiHOr
f't-fSr Sail .Martin, ICitwoo.1. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Kanta Clara, Man Josa.
Trea Plnos, Santa Crnx. Salinas,
Monterey and I'acIHo Orut* floiSflt
t^iSOpfan Joss and War Stations 7>3»p
1 1:1 »f 8an J»«ea>«t rrlneipa) Way SUtlons »i-I3a
I3:uvr San Jew, Lm Gatos and Principal
Way Hutiorm •}»»••»
3:30p flan .lose »n>l Principal Way Stations feSSa
•!::uip Siu.!uB5»ii'l War SJatloiis. ...,...« t' 1 ***
dll:43r San Joi» an.l Way Stations 'iSOf
A for Momtiig P for A f ttmnon.
t Mnnn-ay eieonted. ' J Bundar only.
g Mondays, 'Wedarsdsys, Fridays.
e Tcttsdiy*, Thursdays, UandaTS.
anatnrtar <rn)»
Via ScuMllte F«ny.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VAZJJST
AND SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAT&-«:55. »9:15. 11:00 a, ra.. »1:«B»
a:15, 4:00, 5:15, •6:15, «:« p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUN'DATS— •8:00. »iO:00. »ll:3O a. ra.. »liUL
fla, *4:43. 6:30, 9:00- p. m.
Trains marked (,•) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:2». »«:30/ 7:C J:JO a. m..
•U-.JO. 1:45. *3:3O. 4:30. 5:20 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday
and Saturdays at 6:43 aod 10:30. p. m.
6UNDAY&-*:20. *8:0O. 'KCOO. »U:44 a. m..
•l;40. *2:15, 4:45. *6:*). p. ra.
Trains marked (*> start from San Quentin,
FROM MII-L. VALLET TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:43. 7:55. 1:30 a. m..
12:J5. 2:10. S:JO. 4:H. 5:W p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednetday*
and Saturdays at 7:13 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAT3-8:05, 10:03 a. m.. 12:06. f.li. XM,
8:00. S:4S p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. ra. week days — Caiadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
8:00 a. . nv. . Sundays — Tomales and war
stations. ¦ .
Eastern Hams — : ¦.
E W r cur*d. Pound II I-2C
F»>lecie.d »rc-m cornfed'Nebraska pork.
Sizes from 12 to 14 v^unir.. Medium
fat— tender. MONDAY ONLY.
Cream of Maize —
¦ . . Pound 5c
Perfectly prepared Usually 10c 1b.
in fe»s than a minute.
I-!feht, ncrur'.shlng and easily digested.
Moorpark Apricots —
*3 Pounds 25c
Fi-aporat^d. Bright, clean fruit.
<Tiear>er and far healthier than
preserved' fruit. '_ . - . * _•
Evaporated Peaches —
Coed, selected fruit. Pound 5c
Straight Costa Rica Coffee
K^c^rsrly 2^. PoUIld 2OC
.Oorroffew are fresh ar.3 nice. Thev
¦&-£ trn avharire to lie around and
• r?t rtak Em fw't say that about
every store In town.- •
Heekin's Coffee
• :•" Pound i?c
. >r^rr.atlr. rich flavor "
Firve drtcklnc. . Heguiarly -Oc.
Tetley's Ceylon Tea—
. ; ¦ . ' . Pound 50c
India' and Ceylon blend.
Tour favorite for years— ar.<5 v u
never iKJUgJit for. less than 75c pound.
Pure Rock and Rye —
: : ; . Bottle 60c
Greet erer.oray hfre. Rppularly 90c
Very good and quipk remedy for coldi!
Old Tom .Giri— Btl 70c
"London Dock" brand— the old
reliable. ' • . Regularly fl.00.
Old Crow Whiskey—
- . .'" : , ; Gallon $3.00
: r>irtilled J8S2. Regularly Jl.50.
: Purest' type of the purest stimulant.
Table . iClaret-7T Gal 30c
Qjafanteed pood. Oood an arr/
ctberetpre sells at 50c or 60o (rallon.
MONDAY and TUESDAY.
American Club Whiskey —
Full Quart Bottle 50c
Straight bourhon. Regularly ZZc.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTIIWESTEBN RI. CO.
LES5SE1
SAf. FRANCtSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot 0/ Market St
•Snn Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBCRON FERRT-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:20, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:J3, 3:30,
S:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays -Extra trip at 11:34
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:S9 and
i 11:30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— S:CO. »:30. U:00 a. m.; 1:30. »:30t
j 6:00, (:20 p. in.
i Han IZa'iwal to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:50. 9:». 11:10 a. m.:l»:45,
3:40. 6:10 p.*m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
I EUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:05. 1:25 p. ra.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I * Arrive
Fan Franclsea [Nov. 7, 1800. f San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination, f days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:C0am Nova to. (10:40 am S:40axa
8rS0 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
E:10 pm G:€0 pm Santa Rosa. 1 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
Fultoa.
7:10 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburc.
Lytton.
Geyserviile,
8-30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:12 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland j j
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| t.M pm
7:30 am I 10:23 am
8:00 am Ouernevllle. I 7:35 pm
8:30 pm f:M pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and
f :10 pm 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ~~~~ 110:40 am|10:2j am
1:30 pm|.5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprinps and White Sulphur Springs: at Fultoa
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Sprints; at
Geyserviile for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Fprinss; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
£prlnga. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*». Bucknell's
Fanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr*s Hot Springs.
i Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal
; Wllletts, Laytonvllle, Cumminn, Bell's Springs,
; Harris, Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
: Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
; duced rates. •
1 On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . .
Ticket office, 6&0 Market at.. Chronicle build.
»n*. R. X. RYAN,
H. C WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt
Gen. Manager.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local [ Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally.l Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Fan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:29 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11M5 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1 IS a
¦ " Fresno ... t:I0p 2:35 p 3:05 a :
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:17 p 7:tX! a
" Visalla 4:10p 4:10 p 4:45 a
¦ " Tulare.... 4:?7 p 4:27 d 5:05 a
" BksJleld... 6:60 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41 a | 7:30 a
" Chicago t ?:15 p I 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. •
9:00 b. m. train is the California Limited.
'Carrying Palace Sleeping Car» and Dining
Cars throuch to Chleajro. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for. accommodation of local
first class passengers.. No second class
tickets are honored on . this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p.m. dally.'
4:20 p. m. la Stockton Local. Correspond-
in«r train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally. »
8:C0 D. m. is the Overland Express. ¦ with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers -and
• free Reclining Chair - Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which . cutH out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakercfleld Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.
1
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
LV. ban r«»n. an. sin wnkn.
9:15 a.m.) - wkftt mv? ( 3:Mp.v.
1:43 r. M. 5- WEEK DATS I g.^ p M
4:00 p. m. ) Stay over nigh tat the tavkrx (10:35 a. u.
8.-0OA. M,l f l.-OOp.M.
10:0) A. M. ( ei-vniVH 1 3*0 P.M.
ll::«)A.M.f 8UNDA^S j 4,-ar.ii.
1:15 I'. M.) I 5:5.) P.M.
Fare. Sin Francisco to Summit and Return. »l.«0.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., <fc Sausallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 KEABST ST. Established
lit 1834 for the treatment of Prlvata
Di.wa.ies, I .nit Mannood. Debility or
<ilM>afi* wenrinrnn body anil mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
other* (ail. Try him. rbaryes low.
('¦rraCMraalffd. Oitlorwni*.
tor. J. *•. UIBBOJi. u&u i'ranclsco. Gal. _ -
PRELIMINARY NOTICE.
AT AUCTION.
JK.CCO WORTH OF GOVERNMENT TENTI
NOTE.— All this tentajte is nearly new, ha*»
infr been used but a short time on the mllttarj
reservation of San Francisco. Good9 will b»
on Inspection, with catalogue on sale, Friday.
March 8, 1D01.
By orders' from headquarters we will »e!l 01
TUESDAY, March 12, 1301. bexinnlns at U
o'clock a. m. sharp, at our salesrooms. Si.'
JIAKKET STREET, opposite Battery, the fofc
fnwin»f Government rroperty direct from tn»
Presidio: 3000 Tents: 2060 Duck Wagon CoYera
Plya. etc.: 50 sets Double and Single Harnesu
and Leads: Camp. Tools;. 3 Government Mules
3 Army Wagons, etc.
AMERICAN AUCTION CO., Auctioneers.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
/^5> AT J^
y ' *'*
I PLEASURES of the j
! PALATE :
I Plus eass and
I comfort are found
on ths
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
of the Santa Fc J;
It 6o c s to Chicago j|;
in S days, and it ',:
is no cxag£e r ation |
to say that such J
service has never s;
before been \
equaled on any v
railway train, 2
T1& Market ft.. 8. T. ¦ iBattnck. av.. Berkeley
il'a & Uw'h'r:, Oak, Central av.. Alameda.
7th & TVoo^.. .Oakland. .IMS Third st.. B. F.
. SIT WaEhins-ton St., Oakland.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1901.
8
SA.\ FH AN CISCO CALL.
' BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner or Market and Third streets; open
tif.t'A 12 o'clock every nlgrht In the year. -
' BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery ftreet.
ccmr-T Clay; open until 9:30 p. tn.
.' TOO 15 a yes •¦treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
?¦33 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€13 I.ark'n street: open until 9:S0 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
• 22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. in.
JOG Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
IK-t Valencia street; open until » p. m.
>C6rthwest font: T/wenty-second and • Ken-
tucky r»rrr*T: open until 9 p. m.
NUSETI5GS — Sl'XDAY.
GOLDEN OATE Comrr.andery No. 16.
" K 1 . Golden «5ate. building:, G2T> Putter he*
. «.— stated naaaMr this (MONOat) rS
' KVtNJNG lit R o'clock. Ail fratens
are cordially Invited.
UOBEKT McMll.LAN. Km. Com.
tCTZXlAM T. KOSDA, Recorder.
PAN PRAXC3SC0 Charter No. 1. Royal J\.
•Aroij MMooa, meets this BVESflXO; }Lj*
baglnr— and depree €. *
OCCIDE5fTAIi I>.d;";e No. 2:. F. and A. fj
U.— THIS (UOXDAY) EVENING, at » % v \-
o'clock. .stated mtetiiiK. • >Vv^
WAI.TKU O. ANDERSON. Sep. 'V y
HCKMANN L-wlge No.~127. F. and A. «•
il. -Stated meeting THIS PAY <MON- £V-
DATIj Mar<h 4. 19<H. at <:M o'clock tt.2C
p. m. By f.rder of tJie W. M. '^
L. SCHClfACHKR. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. :«wT"f! ft~~
anU A. It, Franklin Hall. Fillmore ,*V.
st., between );-..sh anil cutter.— Stated jA
. ipeetins ard. thir.l decree Till? EVEN-
¦ 1XG ar <:2u. ' HABnV P.AJiHR. Secretary.
DIVISION No.- I. A. O. H.-^The res-* s^
. iz!ar monthly meeting: of this division v^V*
trill »>e hfld at Hinernia Hall IW Vf^}$
Ninth st.. en TCESDAT. March .".. >*\ijKc '
1SC1, at 7:30 r>. m. ••<>rarnittees liav- 'a-'SW'
inc .chance of the St. Patrick's nlKlit an-
nual ball are expected to be uresent anil
make roi>ort!i. S*al«<l bids for bar privilege
of la!! will be received at this mating. All
members are requeftrd to attend.
JOHN IvENNY, I'resident.
T. I>. CLANCY. Secret an-.
. ACU.XTS WAXTICII
THR RIO MICHOt. m.BBEK COMPAXT or
£an .rjsncis.Ci. Cal., want? Intelligent m«n t > j
lact as He acents throuciiout the [Tnited ]
•States: utaA be men of character. aO-1re»s & !
".jiueh. The .i-cmpar.y owns large pr<n>«-rti«-s. i* '
r»Jt of debt & la a thoroughly sound & Jlour ,
iFhini? cor.<lKio'-.. It has a cowidenbie acr.»- ¦
•«S^ alieady plajiteti to rubber A.-- has a larpe
toroe of nien constantly at wcrk. It o!T«rF lor !
-rale a limited number of Interest benrin* -i:i'l I
Instal!mr»rf certlflcates. A couip«ratlvgly ¦
*rr$ll amount invented now will produce iarse ¦
and »teaili!y lr.orratinir Income in near future, j
Th* corporation invites closest investigation.
Aper.ts and interested persons trpply Rio Ml«
chol Rubber Co.. r. C3-t.'.. Crocker b!<ls.. K. !¦'.
EOKICITORS war.:»J; good I>ay: permanent. '.
¦ Apply 1! to 1. room Cl?. Parrntt but'.dinu.
in each city: rood money, j
.racier Cos-t M. A L. Co.. 460 fth. Oakland. '
AnOHM:\«i AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a nedaltyj private; \
HOW't:. ¦»•.}- at tow. SM Market, cor. Ptocktori. !
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections: damages;' es- '
tates: mining: open even. 592 1'arrrtt b'.dg. |
FRANK \V. SMITH. minltiK and probate law a i
gpecialtv. Mi'.!s big., r. 3. 4th fir.: tel.Red 3616. j
ADVICE free: no chargre unless ¦uniMfnl. \V. ,
W. DAVIDSON. 127 Market ft., oit. Masun. ;
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bids.. 9~ Mar- i
k«>t st. ; ccnpultation fri=e: no fees In a<ivanc^- I
A8PIIALTUM UOOKIMJ.
J. PELTIER, asrihalt rocflng. sidewalks re-
r-aired: postal. n<6 Mis^lcn: tel. FoUom 1607. j
HOAItOIAO FOR CHILDRGX.
WANTED— By highly respectable couple, the j
care of child 2 to 4 year*, long or rhort j
period; terms moderate: fine home and sunny i
jsrd; object, ccm^anlr/n for our own child
¦ 2"-s y?ars. Box CK. Call cilice.
VOl"LD like a child tr> beard; pood hom«>: i
iarce sunr.y yr-rd: in Mission. Address box ,
ZTO. <T&ll office. 1
lSlSIMUss LllA\li>.
- : _^_
A— f"0: SALOON, clearing: |i:o per mcr.th: :
rent S10: estab1:shcd many years: only day >
business: location b*-st in tni« citv. Ca!! i;. |
G. WILKE. :C' : Kearny et.
A— JTiO; CORNER grocen- and bar. northern !
part of city; death of owner cause of sale; a |
Bond business for tr.an and wire. Call R. O. :
"VVILKE. £6** Kearny st.
A-$!C): CORNER saloon, location- Third ami j
"isMon Fts. ; rent fit): lease; corner can't :j» I
beat'; abcut JICC* stock on hand: owner must j
have deration jwrfcrmed. only cause of tase. i
ft. G. WILKE. M'i Kearny st. |
A-Ilii 1 " 1 ; SAL/X)X olese lo Montgonjery «l.: j
place established 20 years; clearing at leist j
T2j f> p^r nrcnth: 3 furnished rooms Inrludfd:
rent t.'S. Call R. G. WILKE. X\j Kearny I
A— 1«00; ¦ PORK and delicacy etore; rent t2; 50: i
pood-payinc businees; very best Ir^-at^on; !
owner to l»ave city. Call R, G. VILKE. j
• i6Vi Kearny ft.
A— fl^O: CAFE and restaurant: elegantly ntte.l j
¦up and rtolr.g a rushins business: located j
close to Powell ard Market sts. Call R. O. i
"VVILKE. Kg Kearny Ft. j
A-t7t«- HA.LF-IXTEREST In first-class ray- i
Ing restaurant: dally receipts about S-60; rent i
. tt5; retiring partner to leave for East; a i
: fcargaln. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st. |
A— 11^: CORNER grocery and bar: choicest i
part 'Wei-tern Add. ; clean store, fresh stoclf ; I
¦rood ravins business: rent SM. Inquire It. I
. O. WILKE. M»4 Kearny «.
A—JSJCi; CORNER butcher shop in northern
part cf city: rent 120: hors«, cart: celling 4
• cattle and about 31 eheep per week; a cash '
custom. Call R_ <3. WILKE. S>4 Kearny st. ,
f'vOr- BOARDING house and ealoon; center of
factor}' district; pood lunch and bar trad*;;
' clears $109 mo.; Fultable for man and wife;
.'¦ Ifood 'bargain. 'Jjt Market St.. room f>.
rt?f^— fe A LOO N : elegant fixtures: cheap rent: 1 '
f Wock "from Palace Hotel; worth I1S00; will !
• take j'art cash. 50€ Market St., rocm S.
PORK-PACKING business: bulldtnss and buei-
. :-n"Fs ooniplete; located in mining town: fine
orport unity for butcher: owner will exchange
: f or small refldence; T1000.
; G. BCWPKHABD. SIT Market st.. r. t. |
S FINE beard and HdEin?-hc-jses for sale; they
. «r« Al-jind price reasonable; also gocd hottl ,
G. W. SCWEINHAF.D. S17 Market St.. r. 2.
f£&-KESTAUP.ANT north of Msrkn st.; bar-
eain, MCLAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777>i Market Et.
»35r^DELrCACr. bmnch bakery and variety
¦ store. McLAUGHLIX & CO.. 777'4 Market.
: A— 1123; FHOE shop a»id repairing: established
• SS year*. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. TTT^fe Market.
'.AS unprecedented sacrifice; T3-room brick ho-
• tel -end furniture; doinc Immense first-class
• <t2 a day) business; cost and worth J50.090;
effered for tl6.;00; has rented for $103; now
run -toy owner.
.?* t>. SICKELS. the Land Agent. C Geary St.
AN ofter — Orooery and bar; 4 years* lease;
$18 per month; iZZ to tV> cash sales jK-r day;
• th# owcrr Iravinc the city; call and in\estl-
- C»te.. Rusiness Board of Trade, 22C Pine st.
tir,no_PAYING saloon; centrally located: rent
\ 13C'; Jive yearn" lease. WICIIMAN. LUTGEN
; & CO.. 318 Car et.
ORVG store— Great bargain; well estab. ; will
' . positively sell to highest bidder next 3 days;
• owner srolns to Europe, Med. Hall. 13C Powell.
WANTED— For cash, saloon from J3W) to ?600;
•¦ corner preferred. HASII,E. 3 p:ddy tt.
' CU) c^taMished shoe shop for sal»: owner
. leaving the city. Box 2:j85. Call office.
BARGAIN— Stock and fixtures or rnTllTncry
.- ftore. at Z3 Ninth; also household furniture.
JTIRPT-CLASS saloon for sal«-: centrally lo-
; cated. Apply box 2033. Call office.
FOR EALE-Clgar stand with living room.
• ,1M ilor.tgorr.erj' ave.
AA- S4'>0: rraniS opportunity for l»dy or pent ¦
- location perfect: clears, periodicals, notions
Walt!ns-roon-.. 3d ivt. Ftp t Jon. E. Oakland.
"a-1200^" PARTNER wantfd; light business;
rr.ust be Katisfied trlth $18 to $25 a week: no
• experience requh-ed. 23 Geary st..-room J.
¦.A CIGAR store; centrally .located: must be sold
• <in account of 6lckn»*s: will be «acrlfic»d. Ad-
• dress bcx 1842, Call office.
¦ ELECTRIC business for sale; long established •
rood fine of trade; partlen eoing north.. Cox
• sxo.- c«:i omce.
¦'WR sale— Restaurant, established for % years
: with a very large, eteady trade. Rox 1010
CaJl efnee. _^
flTw— BEET creatnery. cap.rty. bakery, horse,
vapon: daily receipts $43; trial given. Box
•' -trie. Call offtc*. , ¦
¦*»'*— CAKERV and notions; estab. 14 years:
rent J12: no acent*: must sell. Comer Twelfth
: «r.d Center stg.. Oakland. Cal.
|S2^PAIX)ON' and 1 bedroom; bargain. 640
Commercial at., second tfoor from Kearny.
COAT* oil and gsjioliue business cheap; party
going to Alaska. Eil Washington tt.. Oakland.
FOR sale— Water front saloon, cheap; near
¦ transport dock. 9 Hovrard *t.
$123— nnPTAtTRANT. with 2 furaished roome:
rent f!2. s:3 Howard ft.
nCSlXnSfi CHANCES — COXTHUEO. x
FOR Sale— A f.n>t-cU<ss candy factory, Ice
cream and lunch parlors of 7 years' standing,
in one of the best gold mining towns of Cal-
ifornia: payb veil a!l year around: In sum-
mfr tlO per day clear profit: annual receipts
J6Cf<t; larpe. profits; fitted up in lirft-clafR
Ftyle; 2S li- I*- gas '-iiKino and 40-quart Mills
freezer; «']iance> to <!;• wholesale business: al-
ways carry large stock: manufactures Its own
Boda nater: rent only j:r per month; best rcf-
e-r*nce* from all 1 wholesale houses of San
Francisco and Sacrnmi'tito: actual value of
flxiurf», rrmchincrv. i>tock, etc.. about $2700;
will sell fcr J1S00: •jwner wants to co to
Alaska on business anta minlnB Interests In
Hay. L. Dcmartini Supply Co.. 510 Front. S.F.
j FOR sale— Good paylnp saloon. 731 Mission M.
I GOOL» iwytaic old-e«tabllshe<l lumber baftnm;
I Including rawmill. timber lands, yards, lum-
ber Btock. donkey entire, horse team*, etc.
». * F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
{ Ol?TFir>F. route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business offlce.
LARGE rutslde rcute (No. 1C) for fa!e. Apply
at Call business office.
' 9 "
TOR Fale— A eteam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley do!tic a business from 5100 to 1150 p»r
; week :¦ no other laundry within 50 miles. IJox
| _] r <V Call office.
GOOD b'.iitrr r.r.ri Pirr: rnutr: hcrrc nnd wasnn.
j Apply {raft Ftore. CSI Sanchez *t.. corner 17th.
I STOCK r.iv\ fixtures of candy and stationery |
i store for sale cheap: no agents. 2«5 Polk st. J
! RESTAURANT for Fair: come and investigate: !
! __rrlce {W. EM Howard Ft. _ j
j IJG WINS JS01 rer month Ht race*:, re.'erenc-s j
I Plven. Information Lyons. 911 Markf-t. r. 4.
, . t
! LARGE InMde route on this rater for pale. |
| Apply business effice. !
i.oi)gim;-iiih>i:h kor sai.k. "
FISHER ft CO.. 1032 Market st.: te'^rhor.e 1331 !
4S rooms. N. of Market, only Jlfi'K) j
Jfi rooms. Hyde, very finely furnishci 1X0
ro rooms, rent tr.n. location dcsirnble 90f
IS rooms, a sunny corner, rent $72 r.O !*00 j
3-rconi flat, new furniture, must sell.... r.00 I
If a bargain we have them at any price 1
j north or Fouih of Market street. !
; &) rooms. DeMrty furnif lie.j. rent $150 SW '
i ro rooms. Van N"^». fine;;.- fur., extra.... S".A !
I 10 room*. !<"0: 10 rooms, •i ! 't < *-< ST.0 !
j A—'J> LIGHT si'.nr.y rooms, rent and '.-iea't: ¦
1 family pr.artmem homse: his inoney maker: j
I steady rriomcrs: corn! L?ds. carpets and fur- |
T'lturc; rent only t'-0: price $!>«>. part cash; j
<l»sirnble lo.-atirn. FISHER & CO., 10.*2 Mkt. I
j 16 ROCMS nicelv furnish-d : all lipht : north of j
: Market: only zero. FISHER A- CO. i
tUARIOX OltlKFIX.
1 .71? Market ft., near Call hide. Tel. Black 1SC3.
]« roar*. l«-ntcn. flnelv furnished JSOO |
R rnnnif. ?K/n. jr,(O. $*<V.. «V>.», H75 and.... !'P |-
1" rooms. «"O. tea, S-"0. |33ft. $10''. up to. S50 |
; f0 rnr.nis. rent SIC", hair rr.sttre?se«. run- j
rinc water In each room: fine business. 3'.00 |
46 rms., N*. Mkt.. central, full, a mint 1S0O j
I have a lnnp list: all s!7.?s: several city j
' h-tels; invoftijratlcn solicited. ' |
1 A— 32-riOOM hcuse on pr : noip.il street: j
I ticrme J'jfl: rent- |S: hmisekeep-.n^; i
' !>o work; rau«t Vi» s^M rui account '
1 ft sicknf««. Pr'ce r.rn «pnt cash |
M. CP.IFFIN'. 71? Market Ft., near Call bids. |
; EF.K OUR LIFT OF 2<>O HOI'.SKS BKFORK •
j b'lvine. W> hr.ve them nil sizes and prices: !
I »;."D— 20 rrorrs: «11 one floor; Geary St.; clears
: $;w: only $"'<$ (9«ta required.
! J2">0 csch for 11-room hou^e; nicely furnished;
: cwvl l'-x-atlon: balance payments.
, f«ifl— For 22-room licuse on principal rtreet ;
' cl»a*-s I",; farrif!rp<l f^r iulck sale.
Vacant hnu^s furnished
! We fumlfh the mon.-»v vou ray «s voti can.
! DONALD INVESTMENT CO... VA Market.
i LOnCUNG-HOrSFS— Si7es and prices to suit
nil buyers: title? (ruantnt^ed; money loaned ;
tuvere; before b'jvirr call.
O. XT. SCHWF.IXIHRD. j
I Ph-'fic'Mint 15H. 517 Market «t.. bet. r.th Xr Ptb. !
CAU< and Bee our list of lmrt;.i<r!s tn house*: ]
we hnvi* thrm In mv pa-t o' th" c'tv nnd .^t !
I r>ny price. EUREKA REAL KPTAin, JS j
Sixth rt. i
jjsrn — r; BOOVB: Pn^ location: wo-ll rnmlctaed; 1
all rer.tPt*.: lev.- r»nt. RASILE. 3 Eddy st. I
jtO'^-VOPFRX hnuw. l« rooms, pind fnrnltur*: i
nlwavs full: tent SJI: hiTcnln. SS4 Folscm -t. |
OTARRE1.I-. 40S'— House nf fi rooms; furnl- |
, ture fcr rale; bargain: rent f22 SO.
lUROAIN'-M rocms, eiesantly furr.lfh?d. 12i" :
¦ O'Varrell st .
1 I.nnri'-C'HOrSE of 16 rooms for sale cheap. I
««0 T'i'r.1 st. j
SPItYlTl'AI.iSM.
j ARRIVKII — The celebrate! rypsy. Prince Les- |
i ter. whose free t"?ts. calllnir your name. tli» ;
1 name rf the rn» you love and the name of '¦
ihe nne you will marry, for a short tlinc: j
I the only medivm In the worl.1 so sure of his !
I occult power tli»t he will five every person j
wno comes r.r^r*""*-* 1 ! A wonderful free t*rst. '
[« <"ali or write with «nmri« for answer, 13M2 ;
Mark-t ft.. r.ppoFlto Odd Feilows' Hall.
j A^SIP.S. J. J. WH1TNKY. trance. husineFs i
I mediurr. life render, tneilica! -lalrvoyant :• sit- j
I MRS. LKSTER— R*idin~8. Me: circle erery eve
ex. Kat., 10c: ilevfl. circle Tues ere. 122 Turk. |
! CRAND t-st mcctini? bv Swan and Seeley;
10c. 1133 IJlFEion st., between 7th anil Sth. ;
! EARLE. 305 Taylor— i^a't stance Sunday night, •
Tyihian Hall. OCS Market st.
; EARLE. SC5 Taylor Ft., corner Ellis- Sittings '
i Jally: seance Tuf-sday and Thureday.
i MRS. WE.ST. wonderful medium nn-J healer: !
! readir.jrf dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room H. j
I MHS. tOL'ISE '. DREW. Psychic. El»ctrle !
i and Ma«n*-tl" IIeal«r. room M. 30i Larkln st. !
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAHI-ter— Mrs. C. J. j
Meyer: rltt'.n-' d»llvj t-rt« tn a'l t"-ntjrht;10c. j
rLAIUVOVA.VTS.
j A— THE First Graduated Falxnlat Ever In can |
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS.
The wcrld'* preateft living paUnlst and clalr-
I voyant. can be consulted dally on all afTalrs of
I life: lie advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful in business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
I Profesfpr Jchns Is beyontl the rhadow of a
j doubt the men scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant In the wcrld to-day.
There is no botne *o dreary or sad. no life
so hard and blichted. no heart no sad nnd
lone'y. that cannot he set rlBlit and kept right |
after a visit to this Ir.rplred prophet or modern 1
times; all lnnp-*tandlng and chronic diseases- !
that have baffled the physician's skill curnt j
without the ure of medicine; he reunites the |
separated. setties lovers' quarrels. causes |
speedy and happy marriage, locates hitMen
treasures, removes evil Influences*: cures fit*:
drunkenness cur^d .without the patient's
knowledge: t»U« if your loved one Is true; en-
ables ycu to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person Is best adapt-
e-d for In life is pointed out; he enables you to
I overcome your enemies; no matter what your
j trouble Is. h'e can and will help you or
charge yen ncth'.nj; fcr his services.
I N. B. — Palmistry taught: medlumistle per-
sons developed. IG'i Kearny et.. near Market.
Headings by mall.
If you cannot cali. writ*. Give <*»ate cf birth,
rtale whether Yr. cr Mrs. or Ml«s: ask b!x
question*: frcWe II. S n. rn. to 8 p. m.
J111E M. iEHNAHD.
THE FAJIOUS
Cialnxyant flnri business m»dli:m. permanent-
ly locat«vl 17 Third st.. next Examiner building.
She rends your life correctly, elves an nccurate
descr'pilon nf the past, reveals the present hap-
l>enin»ts nnd portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
hapvy or net satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or businc ss trouble*, consult this - great
medium and you will be told hew to overcome
them. Vaivable advice In all affairs of life;
I5c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed..
LINCOLN-CLAIRVOYANT
AND HIGH PSYCHIST.
He tells rour namr. conditions, desires, hopes.
etc.. without asking a Kindle question: cures
dlsen.se. without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself lucky:
reunites the separated; mak«!s harmony In your
home; Rives accurate advice on all business af-
fairs, investments, mining, oil. etc.: readings
by mail; send stamp for terms. ' 125 Turk st.
MRS. E. SANDERS. t!'c Quaker medium and
palmist, teaches, mlr.d vlhratlon. the greatest
• ?cret on earth: ti business men. untold
wealth, reunites lovers and bring:* home ab-
fent husbands, sons 01 daughters; 15 years'
experience. :M04 Market St.. room IS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK* the well-known trrnce
medium, is permanently located at 1106 Mar-
ket St.. , corner Golrten Gate ave.. rooms 7%
and 26; tnke elevatcr. ' Perfect KaM^factlon
guaranteed by mall; nnA et.imp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MMK. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
roadep. born with double veil — second sltht-
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c|
cents Jl: palm, and clalr. sit. Jl f.fl. ICG Turk.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader^
test medium; iZc up. 4'.^ Stevenson st. ccr 6th.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlsr. palm-
ist and card reading. 2T>c. 1H114 Market at.
MR?. MELVILL. w4l-known clairvoyant. wat«r
.reader. 11 ftth: German spoken: teLHowardlS46.
MME. ZEREDA. the srypsy. in the great palm-
Ht.nml <nrrl reader: 2Sc. 7 Seventh nt.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future: He. 14S Sixth nt., room 14.
MMR PCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader-
Mttln*« dally. 44SH Jeenle Bt.. bet. 5th & 6th.
MRS. D. RAUMAN. the well-known fcrtune-
teller. has. removed to 222 Eddy St.
MMK. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader nnd
paJm'c:r}*; troth or no pay; tic. 11O "itslon
¦ # ¦ ¦¦'
.j . . — — : . . . . — *
TrirrK«r &kt ion o>;s-ICC of -p.nrie cSIk"^"'"*.
i rfcm ' Cstato and ' 97/oncy broker.
l^K^'""''"" 555S © » 7 M arket^treet.
R. p iy to .yours of &>'" n^k3%&raiy£&'M /
// C\ /I J /? // ¦ f.
C I.A I It VOYAMS.
IS.MAR. the Egyptian W'P S >'. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, cp.
6th; private readlnc* «lally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. ni.
MMR RAVENN.A. reads life fluently: business
n<ivlre:*npmes riven: !."c up. 5 Fourth St.
CAliPKT It EATING A.>n CLKVNINO.
WHEN you h»come disgusted with poor work
send tc5 SPAI'LIMNG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
tns Works. 2iC-3."7 Tehama st : tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Op per yard, laid at 0c.
STRATTON'S. 8 Kighth gt.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 2-tO Fourteenth Ft.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Oleanine Co.. 402 Sutttfr St.;
tel. Main 3M. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIX'S Carr>et-Be?.tlng Wcrks. 223 Golden
flntp ave.: telephone Kw«t 156.
ciiinui'opisTS.
CORNS bunions, ingrown nails, warts. ch)l-
blains: painless etire. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room SJO. W27 Market ?-t.
rOTT-AGES T9 I'KT.
|S— FURNISHED cottage. C rooms and bath:
nice garden. 722 Shotwell. bet. 21st and 22d.
I1KMISTS. 'I
ALBA Dentists. 21 Powell street, room S2.
I'alnless extraction. 2Zc; sliver fillings. 2Zc:
(Told and platinum filling Jl: gold crowns, $>:
porcelain crowns, 14: bridges, per tooth, $i;
set teeth, mounted on rubber, JO bO; we have
no ups; for thfse prices we guarantee to use
the be«.t material money can buy: we Klve
yoJ a written guarantee to refund your
money any time you are not satisfied; elevator.
AT the ELECTRO.DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. ccr. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions donp patnlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
Xi ;¦» up: plates, extractions tree. $4 50 up", of-
fli e hours, 9 a.m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. I).. Manager
A- DISCOUNT of £0 percent for 30 days on all
pistes, crowns and bndsrework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Hose P»arl. warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 f.0; fillings. uOr; plates.
T>. full net: all work palnl^s arnl warranted.
Chlrago Dental Parlors. 2-1 Sixth tt.
KIOHT prizes for b?st crowns, plates, bridge*
an.l fillings: extractions or fUllnss by my
wonderful secret, rainless method; 20 years'
experience: r.o students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: Inly attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK.- 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LmLUM HILL. H« Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge Tor extractins: when plates are
made: eld pbtes made ever like new: teeth
trcm JS per sH; extracting. >Uc: gas given
THE New York Dentists have moved to 56)
Mifsl^n ft., cor. Sixth. Consult uh on crowns
and brfdce;»: diffloult plate work solicited;
positive palnWs extraction, 'Cc. . •
PARIS lVi.tal Parlor. 225 Kearny. cor. Rush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 2jc.
DRTit.L.WAjTsiI. Sin^i O»ary. nr.Larkln— Palr.-
|ess extraction COc;plates 15 up;phone Polk 113i.
DIt. II. G. TRUEMAN, d^ntlrt, third floor. Ex-
amlnt-r building: formerly In Murphy bldfc.
VAN VIIOOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Kt.. corner Sixth.
SET of te»th without dates. DR. II. G.
YOI'NC.. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS A\D SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDEON pleatlnc; country orders prompt
attention. 1J1 Pest, over O'Connor * Mof!alt.
edccatioxau
AYRES' Business Co!lec<\ 723 Market St.— Day
and <yvcnlnt?; $3 p p r month; $50 life scholarship
ruarantoes a complete busings* education. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand coures:
irlegrcphy. penmanship, etc.; positions se-
rurf-d for graduates; catalogue.
WANTKD— An offlce Dcy to work 2 hour« dally
In exchange tuition. Ayrcs Business College.
EVKNIXG SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL-.
I,EOE. 1236 Mark-t St.: Individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. Enplish branches;
civil service coaching; tuition {5 month.
A FULL course In Kills bookkeeping and the
Gregg Shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 123C Market St.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldf;.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
IIKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeplns, rhnrthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English brancheB, civil,
rlcctriral and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: newSO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the 'unlrerslty. law nnd medical
colleges; references, Prerldent Jordan or any
Stanford professor, l'helan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE ha» posl-
¦ tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can Uvrefore with confidence cuarantee posi-
tions to nil its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College.' shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bhlff. : Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
A SPIvCIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college gr.Tl'iates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. CM Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.mlnlnff, mech.,«ur-
vey. as«ay. cyanide, arch.: duy. eve.: est."1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. S33 Market.
PTtOF MERKI. from Paris; violin, mandolin,
guitar- experienced. IOCS Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkepplnc. grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple methods; successful. 3040 lGth.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTIN'GTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night claps. 424 Pine St.
EMI'LOVMEST .OFFICES^
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and House-
cleaning Co., - best help: send men at short
rotice, 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 239L
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office— Best
help furn. ; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dlcpatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush S7C.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kind*;
cooks, wnlters and house servants. ". GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2601.
JAPANESE- central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1016 Sutter: tel. East 203.
JAPANESE nnd : Chinese ' employment | office—
Best help. E26 O'FarrcIl St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
ltKLIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment - of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; 'Main 5188.
OKPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese. Chi-
nese halp. 4?6 Powell. nr.Butler: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and JananWe Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411JA O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42G.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by Nova Scotia Scotch
.woman; cook or housework. In private fam-
lly. 1231 Market tt.
A WOMAN* wants work by the day or by the
week at-$l 10 a day. Call at 41 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman; good cook and laun-
dress; city or country; can give references.
Call COS Jones at., near Geary.
GERMAN girl wishes a position for general
housework. Call 2 Chatham place, off Bush
st., below Stockton; no postals.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing,
ironing and cleaning. 4C0 Linden ave., near
Lnguna.
YOUNG girl wtshes a position as second work
and waitress; wages $25. Call at 8235H Six-
teenth St., near Guerrero.
OERMAN woman wants work by the day;
house cleaning. $10 Howard st.
WANTF.D— Position by middle-aged English
woman as working housekeeper or cook on
farm. 913 Flllmore st.. near McAllister. !
A FIKST-CLASS dressmaker wishes cn^age-
ments by the day. Address S37 Howard st.
SEAMSTRESS would like position In private
family: willing to assist In light work. Ad-
rtress 1?31 Fifteenth tt. ¦ /
SECOND work wanted by Swedish srlrl In
frmall family. Address A. C. 1931 Fifteenth.
BY young woman possessing gocd education,
experience anU best of reference, position as
flay governess or typewriter and offlce asslst-
nnt. Box 2045, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants a few more en-
gagements; good reference.' 120 Fell Et.
GERMAN lady, good dressmaker, desires a
posltlcn In a family for sewing or take care
of an Invalid lady. AddrVss box 2062. Call.
SITUATION wanted by rirst-ciaFs waitress and
parlor maid. Please call at 2610 Jackson st.,
between 9 and' 2.
YOUNG lady wishes to do upstairs work and
sewlr.ff In San Rafael. Box 2C04, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work at
homo. 051 Sutter at.; telephone Larkln 962.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants place a* cock
or second work; good cook; best of city refer-
ences: $23 or $30. Call at 710 N'orth Point «>t..
between ¦¦ Hyde and Montgomery ave.
WINCItHSTKK House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
k?t-r!W rooms; 2Sc to $1 60 night, $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
;ml bnggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Coll branch offlce. 220O Fillmcre st.
\\n PLO VM ENT WANTED— -MAMS.
RELIABLE man wants position In private
place; understands the care of horses, garden:
good driver; can milk; is a rood all-around
man; good references. Box 20S9, Call offlce. j
YOUNG man, age 23, with experience behind
counter In grocery line and otherwise, and
Koorf solicitor: object salary; references. Box
SC&J, Call office.
DRUMMER familiar with coast counties from '
Humboldt to Santa Cruz would like engage-
in. -nt after March 4; reference. Box 20S7, Call.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position out-
Side of city or State: references, etc., fur-
nished. ERWIN. C57 Bush at., city.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants care of books
of some small business: all time not being
required; salary moderate: references fur-
nished. IJox 203T». Call offlce.
YOUNG man; first-class coachman; first-class
gardener: perfectly sober and reliable; can
furnish the beet of references. W. 3., 63$
Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by a young Swiss-Ger-
man In a private family; understands pnr-
denlntr, care of horses and cows, etc. lTux
2047. Call office.
EUTLER— First-class butler with best city ref-
erences wants place for short time by the
week; terms very low. Box 2063, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, 23 years, wants pocltjon at prl- !
vate detective work for agency or corpora- '
tlon: reference given. Uox 20S1. Call.
BAKER foreman wants work on bread and
cakes. Address 124 Eureka st., near ISth.
A STRONG young man. 21, would like posi-
tion with opportunity for advancement. Box
20^3. Call offlce.
.' MAN with references wishes night work
from 6 p. in. to 5 a. m. as watchman. Janitor
or porter. Address box 20O5, Call office.
STATIONARY engineer, strictly , sober and In-
dustrious, capable of making all repairs, 12
years' experience, . wants steady position;
best of references. Box 1845, Call.
A TOUNG colored man would like situation tn
private family; thoroughly understands the
care of horses and careful driver, and make
himself generally useful. Box 19S!>, Call.
WORK wanted by a first-class paperhanger,
ences given. Address' box 1922. Call office. -
STEADY young man wants position as book-
keeper; good recommendation. Address 24
Post »t. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. J200 Flllmore st.
FINANCIAL.
WANT $1100; will pay 2 per cent: security fur-
niture 28 rooms; no agents. Address box- 1941,
Call office. ' ¦ ¦ . •
KKATHKK I'ILLU\V».
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHKR FACTORY. 244 Stevenson »t.
*•'''*'?'" '''".-Vy.T:..---
A— NEW upper sunny modern flat, five
rooms and bath. 975 Golden Gate ave., oppo-
site Jefferson Square.
TO LET — Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1003
McAllister st. Apply Q. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery Bt.
$15—2 SUNNY Hats. 4 Vooms; on Leavenworth
st. Apply PATTERSON CO.. 11 City Hall
square. . • >, •
BOWIE ave., 6, off. Eleventh it.— A flat of. 3
rooms; bay-window; cheap rent to small fam.
FLAT. 4 large sunny r>-ms: yard. 57 Converse
' St., oft Bryant, bet. Eighth and Ninth. :
FOR sale— 8-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
a nice home. 104S Ellis tt. >- ~"
POST. 1714. near Buchanan— Modern sunny flat
of 4 rooms and bath;' $15. •
STEINER, mom, nr. Suiter— Sunny lower bay-
j window flat: S large noms; bath; latest Imp.
SUNNY, rear fiat: of 3 rooms ;; rent $8. Powell
st., near Broadway. Inquire 1308 Powell st. ;
THREE-ROOM ' flat, corner McAllister and
Polk sts. Inquire butcher shop. .
TO - let— Upper flat; 7 rooms; rent .' $25. -.: 701
*¦ O'Farrell st. : . -- , -.-..¦¦:
VALENCIA. 223— A sunny flat partly furnished;
light and. airy; bath, .gas; reasonable. ¦¦-•¦•>>¦>.
125A PAGE i st.;* flat of 14 rooms; V54 Rose St.,
3 rooms; bet.: Gough and Octavia.- .
FURMTCTtB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE, nearly new, of 2 rooms for light
housekeeping: surroundings excellent: can re-
tain room-if desired; no dealers. Call between
2 and 4 or 7 and 8 p. m.. 1S18 Page St. •
FURNITURE of a 5-room modern flat, partly
furnished, for sale cheap; flat to let. 208
Noe st.. near Fifteenth. ¦ .
FOR sale— Complete furnished fiat 7 rooms and
bsth: price reasonable. 724 Ellis st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 9-room house; a bargain:
suitable for doctor. Apply 1030 Mission st.
FURNITURE of an eight-room flat for sale
cheap. Inquire box 2077, Call offlce.
FCR.MTIKK WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.Viccent.1305 Larkln ; tel Polk 6J4;
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
etc.. see W. E. Cody. 737 Mission: tel. Red 333».
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market «t.: tel Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at., pays highest
price for seeond-hand furniture: tel. Red 1334.
IIKLI' WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.— TEL. GRANT 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Los Angeles, free fare $20
2 waitresses, Santa Monica, free fare $20
2 waitresses, institution, country $20
" waitresses, hotel, Vlsalia. free fare $22
3 waitresses, hotel. Stockton $20
2 waitresses. Palo .Alto, free fare $20
2 waitresses, hotel. Stockton , $20
Waitress, hotel, Menlo Park $20
Waitress, hotel, Dixon $20
Waitress, hotel, Antloch $2>
Waitress, hotel. Redwood City $20
¦Waitress, hotel, St. Helena, free fare $20
Head waitress, city hotel $25. $30
10 waitresses, city hotels $20
G waitresses, city restaurants $6, $7, $S
4 chambermaid?, city hotels, straight work. $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German cook for 4 men, $25.
Working housekeeper for 4 men, $20.
Houseglrl with good references who wants a
steady place, wages no object, short distance;
cooks, housejtlrls second girls, city and coun-
try. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MRsTm. E. DAY & CO..' Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 more waitresses, $22 60, fare advanced and
half paid, see head waiter here; waitresses
for Woodland, Napa, Stockton, Salinas, Hol-
li'ter, Martinez, Redwood City, Mill Valley,
$20, S waitresses, city, $20; restaurant walt-
res*. $7; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, country. $10; cook,
email boarding-house, $23. plain work.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT !
Cook, small American family of 3 people,
$25 to $50: many girls for cooking and house-
work. »15 to 115.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 535 Geary st.
WANTED— Chambermaids and waitresses.
HOTEL REFELIER, 7S1 Sutter.st.
WANTED— Experienced girl to work part day,
part night hours In Fischer's bakery. S66
Washington St., Oakland; wages $5 per week
and board.
RELIABLE girl for housework: Email family;
$20. Call this morning, 90S Devlsadero »t.,
with references.
COMPETENT. Intelligent girl as useful com-
panlon and to superintend a small household;
references required. Box 20S6, Call.
TYPEWRITER and offlce assistant: not too
young: state salary and experience. Box 2091,
Call office.
GIRL or woman for general- housework; $18 to
T20. IPS Chattanooga St.. near Twenty-second.
BOOK folders and apprentice wanted. 410 San-
some st.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work; wages $25; references. 13 Scott st. •
WAITRESS wanted. 267 Third gt.
WANTED— Neat young girl for housework;
wages $12 to $15. 710 Hyde st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
erences; wages $20. 425 Pevlsadero St.
APPRENTICES, maker and first-class trimmer
In millinery store. CS2 McAllister st.
WANTED — Girl for Heht housework and cook-
Ing. Apply 1C27 Oak st.
GOOD sewer on gent3* clothes: steady posl-
r tlon. Olympla Cloth' g Renovatory, o32 Sutter.
WANTED — A rood first-class waitress at 304
Mason St.: wages «?¦ a week.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; must sleep
home. 1413B Mascn st.
WANTED-A' girl for general housework and
assist in cooking. Call at 249 Fourth st.
WAITRESS at 515 Valencia st.; $15 per month
and room.
GIRL- for licht housework. Apply 1134 Turk
street.
WANTED— Girl to assist in light housework
and care of baby. 'Call at 310. Fulton st.
Monday, between 11 and 12 o'clock.
FIRST-CLASS sewer on ladles' plain and
corded underskirts, etc. : take work home. II.
FRIKDLANDF.R. 33S Fell st. -,
WANTED— Competent girl for general light
housework; small family: wages $20. Call
Monday. 2515 Broadway, near Scott st.
WANTED— Nice young girl to take . care of
child 2 years old. Apply In forenoon, HU2
Stockton st.
WANTED— 2 ladies of, good address to show
samples and advertise new business; nothing
to sell. F. M. JIUDDLESTON. Oakland, Cal.
SPANISH speaking grlrl to care for child and
assist; references. Box 2037, Call offlce.
YOUNG elrl to care for child and sew; refer-,
ences. Box 20S0, Call offlce.
WANTED— Lady managers throughout U. S. ;
}2i) weekly; N. Y. Cutting. 1206 Market. S. F.
AMERICAN woman as working housekeeper;
light work; must have references. 1532 Polk.
NEAT young girl for general housework In
small family. 2040 Sutter Et.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on custom
pants. 411',s Kearny St.. top floor. --_.
OPERATORS on ladles' shirt waists; steady
work; good pay. BAUER BROS., 21 Sansome.
A GIRL for general housework. 2715 Folsom
street.
WANTED— First-class millinery saleslady. The
Leon, 9« Market st. '; , ¦
2 GOOD pressers. Apply New Parisian Dyeing
Works, 2218 Folsom St.
WANTED— Woman of quick comprehension to
travel; sail y and expenses. Box -2079, Call.
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants. 4Gl«i
Minna St., near Sixth. . ,
WANTED — Lady retoucher* and general assist-
ant. Modern View ami Fortralt Co., Oakland.
GIRL or woman operator to assist on shirts;
Scandinavian woman. 110 Berry, st.
WANTED — A governess and working house-
keeper; state terms. Box 2019, Call offlce.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market St.. room 35. -.-•¦---
HELP WAN'OU—MALB.
C. R. HANSEN &CO 104 Geary «t.
Free Fare Railroad Work Free Fare
Ship To-Day, Monday
50 drillers, Chatworth Park. Los Angeles
Co • $22 60
60 tunnel men, Chatworth Park. Los Ange-
les Co $175 to $2 00
(0 teamsters. Nevada State.... $175
CO laborers and teamsters. Coast Road
$175 to $2 00
20 more men, S. P. Company work. Surf.Jl 75
For Cal. and N. W. R. R. Co.. Uktah
teamsters and laborers $2 00
gardener, piix-ate family $30
colored coal miners, married or single, good
wages, good place
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cooks. $S0. JEO, $40, $30: waiters. $30, $35:
washer, hotel laundry, $45; marker. $40: assist
sliver man. country hotel, $25; good offlce
boy. this offlce.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary at
A— WANTED—
2 single-hand miners $3 a day
4 farmers, same ranch $zo
Porter for Institution near clty.$25 and found
Milker. Marin. County .":.$23
2 woodchoppers, near city, stovewood
2 sheepherders. boss at offlce $;»
German ranch blacksmith $40 and found
German ranch blacksmith's helper. ..$30 & fd
Experienced grocery wagon driver.$10 a week
Orchard hand, Tulare County...... .........$40
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED
At Cal. Emp. Agency, 69 Third st.; phone
Red 31—3 raneh hands. Eastern men pre-
ferred, $20 per month; 10 lumbermen for mtll
and woods. $26 per month: 10 men to make
ehingle bolts. $1 50 per cord; posts, $3 per 10O;
pickets, $6 per 1C0O; 10 men to cut redwood,
4 ft., 75c; pine, $125 per cord; 10 men to
make . redwood ties. Cal. Emp. Agency, 59
, Third st. ._
WANTED— A night watchman; also man to
make himself generally useful. HOTEL
REPELIER. 781 Sutler Bt
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union meets TO-
NIGHT. 8:30. 32 O'Farrell st. I. LESS. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk;. tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS all Invited to call and see the latest
. Improved \ revolving: chair, called the "Auto-
back"; It's a corker. STOLTZ'S new.head-
quarters, ¦ 723 Market St., first' floor up.
SECOND cook and two waiters. 112 Kourth
Et.; call early. /fSMsBllMfisflHMHI&l
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY S34-838 Clay st.
...vrT. .....T a. m. Monday
Free fare Free fare
Free fare both ways
Wo ship to-day, free
BO S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work, for section,
ballasting and other gangs, Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara divisions; call early with
blankets
10 tunnelmen. Los Angeles County
ti $2 and .$2 50 per day
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 584S
Leading employment and labor agents: white
male help, of all kinds furnished
....Free of Charge to
Every employer of help
No syndicate too !ar*». no firm too small for
us to supply: no objection to distance; we
ship good help to all i>arts of the world
Employers of help, phone, telegraph, write or
call In person and procure your help from
Murray & Ready.....
We gave employment :
1S37 to upward of 17,000 men
1S9S to upward of 19.000 men
ISM to upward of 21.CC0 men
1900 to upward of K.OOO men
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A-HELP WANTED 7. A. M. MONDAY.
Miners, silver, told and other mines: 4 ma-
chine miners. Plumas County, $75 and found,
fare paid, see besi h«xe
2 single-hand miners, south V>0 and found
Sash and door maker, country planing mill...
Choreman and milk few cows $30
2 milkers, same dairy, ,nort'a .""/ 3o
4 teamsters, city woik $1 73 and J2 day
5 farm and orchard hands $20 and J2S
5 men and wives, private place and ranches;
stableman and hostler, city stables; 3 chore
boys, $13; boys for factories
Clerk for bakery *3» and found
Foreman bread baker, also second hand
$40 and $30
6 cooks, city and country &0 to $30
Waiters, restaurants and country hotels
.- V..$35 and SZa
The above are a few of the positions we
have to offer. For full list call down and
read our bulletin boards. MURRAY &
READY, 634-CS Clay ft.
FOR SALE— 3-chalr barber ehop In Oakland
race track; also privilege, of Tanforan and
Ingleslde- tracks with 2-chalr ihops; bargain.
F. PERREY. Emeryville. Cal.
WANTED — Two young men; one to wait at
table, other to wash dishes. Address Olym-
pic Cafe, 44 Stockton Ft.
WANTED— Trustworthy man as partner, to
attend earn counter, restaurant: $73 per
month; $150 required. 9C6 Market St.. room 8.
BARBERS— A gocd-paylng. two-chair barber
shoD for Bale at a sacrifice; owner going
East. Apply H. BENARD. 104 Seventh st.
WANTED— Teachers to handle Yaxgy's new
Invention; vacation or permanent. C. H.
MARTIN. Y. M. C. A.
YOUNO man about 17 years residing with pa-
rents; good penman: references. Address II.
N.. box 1. Call office. -
SHOEMAKER wanted. SSOl Mission st.
BOY 15 to 18 years old wanted to attend soda
water fountain. Inquire 810 Market »t.
FOR SALE— 3-chalr barber shop; bathrooms:
near city. Box 2093, Call offlce.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop: two living rooms;
furn.: cheap. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
Price. £C2 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Second waiter; call early. New
Golden Gate Hotel. 134 Fourth st.
WANTED-^A night -cook and waiter for res-
taurant. 1550 Market st.
SINGLE German to attend invalid: stata ags
and references. Box 20S8. Call office.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wanted. 1221 Webster
St., near Ellis.
STRONG boy to work In grocery; -no bar; call
after 1 p. m. 1607 FUlmore st.
A GOOD, first-class waiter or waitress -wanted
at 43 Third st^
WANTED— A boy In law offlce. 525-527 Parrott
buildlrr.
BOX wanted to learn wagon blacksmith trade.
31S McAllister st.
GOOD barbrr wanted steady. 1724»A Market
st.. between Polk and Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Al barber at 324H Montgomery st.
BOOTBLACK: good wages. 947 Flllmora sL,
corner McAllister. -
MAN to open California, oysters: steady Job.
3328 Twenty-second Bt.. near Valencia.
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 631 Sacramento
street.
ACTIVE middle-aged man. night porter; J25
and ' room. 614 Howard st.
STEADY, sober waiter. $25 and f.ound: second
porter. $15. Ahlborn House. 321 Grar.t ave.
TWO lunch waiters. 5S2 Sixth St."
BARBER shop for sale. $40; call Immediately;
rent $10; three living rooms. 1612H Folsom st.
WANTED — Cash boys. 14 years of ag3 ani
over. Apply at HALE BROS.. 573 Market st.
FOR sale— 4-bowl center washstand and other
barber fixtures. Russ House. 217 Montgomery.
GET your shoes half-soled while wait Ins: 23c
to SOc. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 3d sts.
WANTED — First-class hull and engine
draughtsmen; men thoroughly familiar with
modern naval construction preferred; good
wages paid first-class men. Address, stat-
ing experience. MORAN BROS. CO.. Seat-
tle, Wash.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade, com-
plete in 8 weeks; two years' time- saved:
constant practice and successful examina-
tion guaranteed or money refunded; no fake
situation bought for students; catalogue free.
Gordon Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade in two months, saving two years: mailed
free. We have no 5o shop In connection with
our college; chairs and furniture are all made
to our own order with a view to cleanliness
and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st. Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED — In a financial concern, youns; man
who can translate French, Spanish and Ger-
man; good penman, rapid and accurate at
figures. Address with reference and full
particulars. Financial, box 2038. Call offlce.
TOUNG man wanted who is a competent book-
keeper; state fully experience and where
last employed; waj-es $». Address Books,
box 2038. Call offlce.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 130 large-
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 pe,r week.
"WANTED— To go as partner with a good cook
with ?reo; must be honest and. good In plain
cooking. Box 2013, Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced ladles' tailor: perma-
nent employment; good pay. 11. J. KELLER
CO.. Oakland.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard St.;
no barroom chairs used In this college.
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 302 'Post st.
WANTED— Bright boy about 15; pood wages.
Address Machinist, box 2021. Call offlce.
CABINET maker wanted: first -class man.
FINK & SCHINDLER. 1309 Market St.
CHOPPER to assist cutter on men's tailoring.
BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
A GOOD dry cleaner. Apply New Parisian
Dyeing. Works. 2216 Folsom st. ' •
McDdNALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for gale; 50c up. 241 Third st
MATE for English ship: good wages, at HER-
MAN'S. S« Steuart St. *
EO TEAMSTERS, steady work, $2 per day.
Apply at stables In rear 212 Ninth st.
TAILORS— To team latest New York system of
cutting. Particulars address box 2014. Call.
FIRST-CLASS pressman on pants; good pay to
right man. 104 Kearny st.. top floor.
WANTED— ICO men to tak# rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. . Boston House. 933-' Howard St.
Carpenters, blacksmiths & green hands whal-
ing cruise on steamer. Herman's. 26 Steuart.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply 627 Fourteenth
street." - • -
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steaart.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. 803 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements andsubscrlptlons
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at VtH
Valencia «t.
" HOKSES AXD WAGOXS. ~
40 HORSES for rale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
537 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN 4 DOYLE, Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 golden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatlc-tlred road buggy. DR. L.
KRAKER. veterinary dentist. 184 Golden
Gate ave., corner Leavenworth st,
WANTED— Fast horse, with or without buggy;
state price and speed. Box 2000, Call offlce.
A HORSES ATO WAGOXS.
THREE fast road horses; also some rood
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
THREE fine second-hand surreys; on* 4-ton
express wagon. 43 Eighth at.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness: wa«ton«.
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AS A No. 1 express wagon, single, also lisht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: »end"ft»rcii£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. U Montgomery.
NICELY furnished hoiwe, 9 rooms and bath:
will rent furnished or unfurnished; reason-
able. 1623 Pest st.
120: C ROOMS, bath, laundry: fine marine view.
1912 Broadway, near Octavia st.
1XVALID KURMTinE.
INVALID furniture 1 and appliances; yaleor rent.
F. GOODCAN. 1117 Van Ne»a ave.. nr. Post st.
LOST AND FOD.1ED.
LOST— 2 diamond rings at Felix Rest'r't; lib.
reward. E. M. Connolly. 11» California st. .
LC3T— Black cocker spaniel: license No. *637;
reward at 249 Pennsylvania ave.
LOST— Punch of keys on leather strap; from
Belcher and Fourteenth to Eleventh and
Howard eta. 2C5 Kearny at.; liberal reward.
LOST— February 20. lady's fur collar; aaMe;
t>0 reward for return and no questions asked.
WM. R. SHAFTER. Phelan building.
LOST— Route book of Enterprise Brewery. Re-
turn" to J. MEYER. )W17 Nineteenth «t.: re-
ward.
LOST— Black and tan' Gordon Better ; answers
to Prince. Cor. Pre.-lta ave. and Shotwell »t.
LOST— One horseshoe diamond pin. Return 14
McAllister st.. room 29.
BLACK-FACED pug: answers ti "B«rt." R«s
turn to 162S Jackson st. : receive reward.
Wanted— Old a-old for manufacturing. O. Nolle.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mison.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious »tone»
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
MATTUKSSEs AXI> t'PHOLSTEUY.
MATTRESSES and uoholstery: tel South 792;
to or<*er or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
11 able. HOPKE grtOH.. 313-320 Eleventh st.
UEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. i22S~Mar~ket. the well-
known ladles' specialists: 32 years' practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed,
at office; patients treated can return um*
day; those wishing to treat themselves should
Bend for the HINDOO HERB IlOME TREAT-
MENT: a sure cure: g;ve3 Instant relief ; harm-
less; any one can use tt: stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope: a treatment guaranteed to glvWnstant
relief for any ailment: safe and reliable; 10
years in Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced tn
S. F. since 1SS4; maternity home; fe« low.
1007^ Market st, near Sixth. .
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market it., cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles* physician; 23 years*
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed:
when others fall consult free; hours 9 to S.
MR3. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; K yrs."
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
offlce-; any ailment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPER, socialist for all fema!« all-
ments: practice 37 yean. £3 Kearny st. •
can be sent.
MRS. DTt. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Mark-t.
bet. Taylor and Ma.ion; Ia,dles' specialist.
MIXES A.\D 31IM.NG.
MINES bought nnd sold: also stocks In mines
• nd oil companies. Prof. John THton. rot.
475-476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: 10-U. 1-t
MATRliiOMAL. "
GENTLEMEN wlshlns to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, 708 EI11« it.
MARRIAGE bur»au: confidential list. 10c.
MR. BLAKE. 223 Kearny st- rooms 4 and 5.
ailSCELLA.MSOUS KOIl SALB.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-har.d machinery. Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 19S-197 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAX. 1017. 1C1». 1021. 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A COMPLETE dental outfit, consisting of h*
etruro*nts, plaster molds, ivory teeth and all
material necessary for work to be done at a
dentist's offlce. at les-a thaa hal* of original
cost at UNCLE HARRIS', li Grant ave.
A FINE, Inlaid combination billiard and pool
table with complete outfit of balls, cues.
cases, etc.. at one-third, the original cost.
Call at ofHce. 763 Market at.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting: pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
FOR sale— Fine yacht. 33 feet long. 11-ft. beam.
For particulars inquire of M. O. FEXJDXER.
;2S Market st.
TYPEWRITERS at any prlc» to close thorn
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
FOR Sale— 23 volumes standard law textbooks;
orhce furniture; good condition; reasonable.
514 Taylor St.. S. F.
FOR sale — A 218 egsr Jubllea hatcher at a.
bargain. InQuire cf F. M. BUTTON. 274«
Dwlght way, Berkeley, after 1 p. m.
A— 20-TON" Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at IIS California st
A— 15 AND 23 H. P. boiler: » H. P. «n«tn«;
cheap. J. BURKE. 139 Beal» st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, 7 drawers, almost
new, cheap. 13 IS Mission St.. near Fifteenth.
FOR Irish national flags and banners call on
C. J. BARROX. 1217 Market St.
FOR sale— Store fixtures, all kinds. Apply
MRS. FRANK EILVA. San Rafael.
%9 2ND-HAXD enameled bath tubs: 20 H. P.
Westtnghouse motor; cheap. 204 Mission «t.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. U & li. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and Id-hand:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL, SS BlxxxomaL
FIRST-CLASS second-band modern engine* and
boilers bought and sold. KROQH MFC. CO.
ID-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. Wbtte. US Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and mazic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery it.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id-band moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sixes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
niSCBLUXEODS WASTS.
WANTED— First-class horizontal engine, about
20 H. P. : Meyer cut-off or . automatic pre-
ferred; will consider plain slide or balance
valve. Box 2074. Call offlce.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bonght *
sold. Pnvrman. >S4 Folsnm: tel. Fol«nm 1HH.
MONEY TO LOAjy.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopla can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your friends or you will 1cm
their friendship: do business with stranger* .
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 904 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount: I per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities Room IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OLSEN.
ANY amount at 8 per cent: first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortirajre* and legacies bought: no da-
lay; get my terms before doing business els*-
wbere, R. McCOLCAN, 24 Montgomery, r. S.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
eet rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
et. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third, st.
I/OWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prtrmta
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; mosey
Quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room U.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Et.. 431 California.
SlbO.CCO TO loan on real estateor for building:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. S3 Sansome. r. *.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THB
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: *%. undl-
vided lnts.; estates. HARPER. M7 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelaji bis;. ,
~ MOXEY WASTED. " "Sr
WANTED— J2C0; good Interest: secured. SX
Seventh st.. Oakland.IV eat her Report.
'120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 3. 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, -as compared with. those of the. same date
last year, and rainfall In the last twenty-four
hours: . , " • '¦'¦ .
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
7S degrees; minimum, .ES-; mean, 68.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
¦ Generally. . cloudy and threa'.en'nir weather
prevails over Oregon. Washington, the plateau
and Rocky ¦ Mountain region. Light rain has
fallen over Washington and Northwestern Ore
gon and light snow in Northwestern Montana.
Fair, warm weather has prevailed over Cali
fornia. ¦ •
The pressure has fallen sllphtly over the
nirthern portion of the Pacing slope, and risen
over the southern. ¦ ' -.
The temperature has risen slightly west of
the Rocky Mountains except . in Arizona and
rcrtlons- < * Southern California^ The tempera
tures in tie Interior of California are from 7
tc 12 degrees above the normal.
Conditions are favorable for fair and contin
ued warm weather tn California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endins Midnight, March 4. 1901:
For Northern California— Fair' Monday; con
tinued-wann: light to fresh northerly wind.
For Southern California— Fair Monday; con
tinued warm; light northerly wind.
For Nevada— Generally cloudy Monday.
For Utah— Fair Monday. s . . ¦
For ArUona— Cloudy Monday; probably show
ers in the mountains. " .
" For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Mon
day; continued- warm; light northerly wind.
J . - - .-.-¦-, G. II. WIL.LSON;
Local Forecast Official.-
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Sundar, March 3.
* Btmr Bonia, Xopahfler, from Newport, " etc
- DOMESTIC PORTS. '
SEATTLK— Sailed . March 3— Ship Wm 'II
Macy, for San Francisco. , •
Oldest Bank Note.
: A, Chinese banknote, issued during: the
Mins dynasty." about" A. D. 1SD0, ha3 been
placed in the British Museum "among tho
specimens of early printing from China.
Tne - surface of the note is black with age.
though, the characters upon the face of
it are quite discernible. This is supposed
tQ' bo the earliest specimen extant of a
banknote : issued . from any . country .-7-il\
change'. I '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1901.
-L
9
I Last I This I Last
124 Hours Season. Season.
STATION'S.
FTureka ...... '......... .... ." ¦ 33.73 40.61
Red Bluff....... .... 22.72 17.45
Sacramento 16.10 U.ll
San Francisco....... .... IS. to 15.56
Fresno .... 9.94 ) 6.22
Independence 5.64 t.14
San Luis Obiapo 27.04 12.66
Los Angeles 13.61 -4.57
3an Diego .... 8.53 2.65
I Last I This I Last
124 Hours Season. Season.
STATION'S.
FTureka ...... '......... .... ." ¦ 33.73 40.61
Red Bluff....... .... 22.72 17.45
Sacramento 16.10 U.ll
San Francisco....... .... IS. to 15.56
Fresno .... 9.94 ) 6.22
Independence 5.64 t.14
San Luis Obiapo 27.04 12.66
Los Angeles 13.61 -4.57
3an Diego .... 8.53 2.65
.MUSICAL IXSXniMEXTS.
¦TIJKPK iirt fcntllai and barriins, but no
-. I'irgii'.r.s- that ran at all compare ivlth the
\ ha>ga.i£* that" wo. are oJTerinp. Just think of.
' a Lboreusfcly K^od, reliable piano for $2iO thnt
. Van be •v.-arrt.r.ttvl In every, respect and eol-i
-. tn pfeyy payments. By ar.d br you can ex-
'. 'har.se It-Jor a fire Decker & Son cr Paclatrd i
>.i(i «iuv» ihe fuil amcunt i.a!d en It go as I
vwxrt'faymeut. —* ' 8 <^e of the bargains
' -\ye tij-ve to cfTer. MAUVAXS' ML'SIC CO.. '
¦ .T'".! l;«rkct et. - .
ilACVAlS* Mr SIC CO.. 7C8 liaj-ket St.. are the
fceesta for Derk-r & Hon. Packard Baume:s-
ter. Bfai.th X. Uaraes. \YiIU.:j ar.d Arlington
plapot» - ¦¦¦ ¦•*¦¦_.- \
Jl "Y p^f-Bcm having use fcr a piano can be ac-
r.-n.:r "..-tpd-st Ebermaa. Clay ft: f'o.'s with
*>.-»Flest paymcDU, lowest prices nnd mart re-
liable rr.aUrre to choc*e from. Hnch th* Iwst
Cf i!.<>:r era.i«. f.-oni BtelntraT down. Priv-
... :.ff» -».v*n to ext-hance me-iium and law
. rrloei :-.z*r* trr a r.ew Ft.rir.way any tim* !
within tfcre<» years from date of purchase !
IMSutSd new urrlghrs sdd for J5 cash and i
.I?.:ifr nocUx. We offer to wll seme gocd
. . r:aiici «t a. M j>n<i J" per month. SHnil-
. KAN. CLAY Ji CO.. TtMr.wa- dea'ers cor-
:ct Krarr.y ar.d Putter «t*4 San Trancisco;
corncf Broadway anj Thirteenth st.. Oik*
lar.r ¦
.'ALL UJ>rtci-ts— 1 Nove!:a $6S
.. « np.w i:clcoe..$116 uy!7 Marshals $123 u;<
6 OfcVkerir.gs.. IS", up'3 Rrtaegttl IK up
.3 ire:.-!os.... > ... *sr> up ; Fteinways IS." up
I ? _H»!let-r>avtm 49t u;i 7 .T»wetts 2S5 up
/ S Jlehr Bros.'.. 323 ui> 2 Marcn-HamMns 2Gj ur»
¦ TVe^HaniJle all makes: cjrer.ts for «cme of
: ;*i« «j«d»it and most famous p ian °s in exl*t-
.«-n»e : Hillett-Davls, Behr Brc*.. etc.; agents
Ttr.fd: rents nnd rasy payments. HKINE
: .' T*Lino Co.. 217 Geary Ft.
fI~---STniNV»AY t:;- right. Room 38. TIT Geary
FTTt*t.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou»e
¦"•¦¦Oft -of Chirac-o ir KOHLER &: CHAPE'S. 26.
ri ari<3 30 O'F^nc:! ei. ; pianos, orpans and
. *I1 ether rr.us.ca1 Instruments cf all grades
nrrd prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
tttrfti possible done to please and satisfy the
c=Mer::er. ¦ .
IF ' you want a. good piano, second-hand or
new,, uprisfct or «quare. at a Fpeclal low
Trice nr-.d ra^y terms, corae ar.1 see us. The
J; PKWIXO CO.. 12 Flood bulMlr.g.
A-SI.AVaH-TEH sale cf high grade new jand
F^coed-hand rl«r.os to reR'.iJw advances an<!
ft&rage (installments). WILSON'S ETOU-
AQB. 17M -Market ft.
A FEW new- pianos for Jl.'O: F<>cond
. h«r/-t from 130. 1}EXJ. CIT.TAZ & SON.
jg O'Farren -ct. ChiclirriTig and Vow agency.
BIGGEST bargain in Fi(=her upright piano":
nearly r.ere; must be mid. yi Jones st.
CLOSING cut stock of e'.epant pianos: send
ft? -price, y. c. HAMILTON. ?. Flood bldg.
' yi^E: Karidfird upright piano; must be sacri-
fifM' ir. 5 dayy; leaving city. £4 Golden Gate.
*F." ANTED— Second-hand piano cheap for cash;
r..n balers. - Ret JJ-60. Call office.
WASTED — Five rood Fquare r'anot for coun-
try 4 rhoo '.s. BYRON MAl'ZT. SOS Post Ft.
HIGIE-GUADE piano* rsteck. IIa.n5man. Con-
"vcr.snii others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 3:4 Post.
BAJjriAIN— Hurt be tnld; nice upright rlano.
Sf-UMITZ. 18 McAllister tt.. next Hib. Hank.
A NEARLY DCS f rand upright cheap; brilliant,
¦ frfrwt-rful t«ne. HOKNl'NU. ?:*> McAllister.
EVfiO.N MAl'ZT. njrenry Sohm»r &- Co.. Byron j
¦ ¦ JVtaujy. Gabler and. Fr* 'Iman pianos. SiS Post. I
frTECJAL SALi:— Imm»»nf=e reductions; see our
. leader, only Jim. BHCEXX. f% Post ft.
AT. KErrFFK'S. S33 Market Ft.. 4 elegant up-
r:ehis at your own prtoft Shonln^er &gcncy.
BHFT rent ftock In city: new pianos, ti p« I
month. BOOTT-CCgTAJZ. K9 Hayes ft.
ECPEIUO8 violins, zithers. oH and new. H. |
i'l'LI.ER. ir-.f kor. rer»a:r<»r. 2 Latham rl«ce I
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Werkly i
Call; il paffes, FPr.t to any address in th« I
Vr'.teil PtRt^P or Canada on<» year for SI.
OFFICGI AM> STORKS TO LCT.
CORNElt Eicre— West corner Fourth and Perry j
. its.; occupied as grocery and bar for past 80
y«-ar»: rent J2C: water free. Arply to G. II.
CMBfiCM &- CO.. 14 Montgomery ft. j
T'Hf-K r^m. with tfi- of telephone and private
ro'tn: rent reasonable. 5C6 Market et.. r. 8.
C.'.EAP. light ef flees. Emra» Spreckels bulld-
; r.^ PZ7 VnrkPt rt.
OIL.
NEED money; vlll sell 200 Ehares Colusa Con-
so'.ldaf-d Oil and Refir.inK Company stock at
y> certs a share: 44>j acres patented land.
Bojc iOil. Call office.
FACTION I4-^-^>. near MrKlttrick; patented;
tl.VtX a<~re; Olroctlr over oil line! F. R.
cnANNI?. 22 Mor.igomrry et.
JOSEPH n. TOPLITZ Z3n Pine street.
ME?4iii^r: pnoDUCEr.S' oil exchaxoe.
(V-ur.try r'.rr»'yrx-n3pr.fe solicited.
¦OIL LA.VDS FOR SALE.
OK. T.AN'IiS!
JJO [mrvea .in Teharha Co., thr«?e miles from
!.4jortiftia; Oil Co..' working %V.<r> plant.
Citt In K(-yt. Cft. partly fencM. irlth !
* .;- -. K&4 llshtly furnished. \V. A. JAMES, i
¦ y ri-.r.' < are «»f ftr.ith'f Cash Store.
: I'viviUKs ami ni;coiivrojis.
V. «.i! - .pap*r.. mts^bm Fhad^s: rooms papered. S3
.- r J»-rf—ri A I'.ath. CU Sixth: opfn.tvcninfu.
PAUUSTRV.
BJ JEROME FO?PELLlTTcion^"palmlstT'515 j
T.iyi'T rt.. b«>t. Gvary ar.d P'st; te'. Ulack CC1.
: PATENTS Jl\D I'K.VSIOXS.
Al'VICE free; no charge unless successful.
<jnQ. I> CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
: : I'XiUSONALS.
A-IF >our:ha'.r 1* falling or you are bald, call
M-DIt. G. S. M'XJRE. 4S.S G<ary St.. and you
arfn net fce dtaatvctnted; this remedy Is posi-
tively £T3aran:e*d; call nr wad for circular.
MAN 'of pool rhoraK f "rid of children, wants
.to .Tnaie .the acquaintance cf good woman;
¦ pbjact. rr.atrimor.y. AddrfF? box RC7. Call.
IK }-tj -wish to be FUcr»»sFful in all your affaiig
' bt}& brine h<»a?th. happintr!-. love an<l all that
J? Kood within your reach, you must learn
•p n v. io lnflu<*nff- people: private instruction.
• J.5RS. C. VALEEN, 215 Leavpnwnrth et.
•Jfrfi CAPES rrarkling H-xhh<"imer. vintage '12.
¦ *15 r>er case. r<-ducM to 110: 1000 fraUon* very
cVI p<->rt. »hr-rry and rr.u?r»tel wine $2 per *al-
Jcnc..riHlured to JL F. HOLTUM. Johannes-
t.tire _ Wlrfe Vaults, EU Callfcrnla rt.
JCLEJCTRIC l!rht In every room— W<nch«»«ter
Hcirl, 44 Third Ft., near Market: TOO room*:
¦ tfn. to fl to per night: Jl M to W per week;
• • JYee 'bus nnd barsaE* to and from the ferry.
V-HITE «"3am«?l Iron befln. s'.nitle. three-quarter
" .cr <S?uhle. « 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
• CO-,. :*30-3212 Stockton Ft., near Broadway.
"TOt^NG jrentlercan. Etrangcr in dty. wishes to
jfaeptjbtfljr; obj. friendship. Mat. box 20S2, Call.
-A*-tZ ti) DERBT and Fedora hat», Jl 75. Popu-
: tor; Price Hattere. 230 Kearny st.. near Pine.
PINE Ftilts. flO; dress pants. $2 73. MIEFIT
. • ."CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery et.
AS ff^neral uitllity to trai-eler or traveling
; Sarrjlly; po anywhere. Write JOSEPH
I'n'VKES; room'CI. Dewer House. '
ti*tHOOL to learn hairdrMsIns. hair work, raan-
fuVinK; private Ipesohs or c'.sss. MIPS A. V.
" i^>'YLE. l'C4 Market. U-t. Polk nr.d Van Ness.
13 1 WKKKLT; FnffF. to order from genuine
Scotch, 115 up; fine dree* suits, K0 up; ele-
fa:;t overeca:*. SI5 up. LEO;. LEMOS. 1117
¦'ZUrtcrt -KL; txtweea Seventh and Eighth. j
rr-IVATE detective -R-ork; roaFonable races; 10
y-itrs' - tipfrtence. J. B. RAY. M7 Jessie Ft.
MASQUER* OE cortuir>es. play books, wigs;
r-our.try^^T-dorn. 'GOLDSTEIN* A CO.. 733 Mkt.
<if:Ol:> keCKMia for healthy boy or riri baby.
¦ ,,~U*. l> r . Punk>, 14 It Eighth *t.. Alameda.
¦**j}} i Z i •:'•¦¦:]'¦-' ,J^«i»r<J patterns now r-ady.
... ; . Ucrr.pn,c _^ffflc^JICgl Jlarket tt., nr. Elxth.
¦*&$5H5 tv ri'**' rnetal i-p'-nnlnic. brass fin-
<^ t Ur5-^JI'f£r:.l^i^.,A^raff. 10 Stevenson. |
¦H:PJ:itFLI:OL> hair ari moW Ocftfand with '
git^-te Meatless EATON. linilraerWu
tiR.- LAMOTTK'S Fref.rh CorrT "paisiT The^belt
¦¦corn curt-: Zl<~.. «U drurgiEts. L
%t£E? D E** rertore, B ray
. ; VIIVMCIAXS A.MjT M,H«7lC<»ivs] '
fjfBJ C. C.ToWNlvELL^rnoT'and'TesTde'rleT I
1- it; V. ON.G HIM. herb doctor^ sucee««-ullv i
" .-:.•.-=¦:? ->H Umschi cf th? - human . bods-" *»• i
: Ty « r < n .^j. i« ht rff1~^. ir,-n? Mason, nr. km,,, i
«J:AL (?»T.Vlr Ci.i KoTl K'.LB.'
A^Ci" cf tiic^p choice lots that I am c>TT~ri^~
:in •itic-Iimc.nJ Mi.'l be v.orth Gobble within 1
. i^iirt. tlr«y are fo cheap; buyers tan pav
...:n nnFtalirr.er.ts if they wish to; lots ready to
1/uHd on and cats r>-ir?lng; close in and very
j^<-flrc.'u>.. V.'. J. GUNN. C20 California «.
CKI,T SHZ3 for both— The cream cf Richmond, J
,th? ti)olcc5t on<1 tlie cheapest; - Cne Iota
JRtsl kIi'o of El—.-fMh avo.. north from Clerc-
«-r:<:eirvat*-<l and I'.avins l!iat pretty tnarlne
yU-x;'. \X. 3. GC2SV, 5-0 California Et.
JfOfKItX tlarf and ccttaROK built;' low prices;
}s1bi:k* nnd estimates ; - jrr;ls!ic2: droy postbl.
l-HALSPCCy, builder. <>ffio« 5J^J Market tt.
J7>-',0— ";tilf>4 inff. C flats and rear house; rent
J^C, Appt7 rJlT^i Twenty-second tt., rear, be-
(sren t a,. a 11 o'clock a. in.
> 7 ft'A^EUrGTOX KT... .
34^iO: r.iurt l»a »old '.n account of departure;
:.....•- cf ; retina &nj bath; let c;x:rr:SU- '.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
ALL GENUINE 1baRGaTn8^IN~THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. €67 Market st.
f 2 < JO — Two swell Mission flats; 6 rooms eacn
and stable; rents $30; mortgage £2300.
f SCO— Sacramento St., east cf Powell; rer.ti
JtO; one tenant 10 years.
$1000— Three nice flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth an.1 Mission sts.; pays 10 per cent.
$5500— Corner 4Cx90, with good 10-room
hou«o; Hyde el
i J«.;8— Splendid Investment; near Van Ness
ave. ; rents JSI.
SSOOO-Three 8-room modern flats; rented low
t$i». near Leavenworth ct.
SS5C0— Business property; Ninth «t., near
Mission; rents $45.
S11.000 — Store and 2 strictly modern flats of
7 end 9 rooms; north of Market st. .
llS.CiO- Leavenworth ft.; rents $105; lot 65-
foct front.
S13.C0G — Grand corner business property; rents
I $112: lot BSxSK) feet.
! Kl, COO— Eight grand flats. 6 and 6 rooms;
near Jones Ft.; lot 73x137; pays 10 per cent.
$: e ,000— Business property of * stores and 8
flat?; rents $i;0.
13S.GCKV— M!*sion-st. corner: 170xl«; actually
wrrth $55. WO; must Fell at once.
W').(K-rCorner; Gclden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rent? $240.
jrt.OOO— Grar.d corner: 60-foot front: few
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$73,000— Orand corner; 80-foot front: within
I block of Tivoll; old improvements^ rents $100.
! Cther bargains.
; Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
I Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st.
i ?235'>— Two splendid flats; rented $23; near
| Sixth ct.
I y27CO— Two swell Mission flate; S rooms each
end stable: rents $30; mortgage $2300.
t;s.oo — Sacramento St.. eaet of Powell; rents
}2*; one tenant 10 years.
13100— Tlirtv nice flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth an! Mission sts.; pays 10 per cent.
$:.:oi— Ccrner 40x90, with good 10-room house;
Hy«le >=t.
$7750 — Fr>ler.<11d Investment: t ear Van Ness
I ave. ; rents $S1.
j jxiCO— Three 8-room modern flats; rented low
I JS'.: near Leavenworth et
I $kog — Bu«!ners property; • Ninth St., near
I Mission: rents $43.
! $11,000— Store and 2 btrictly modem flats of
7 and 9 rooms; north of Market st.
$12.500— Leavenworth 6t.; rents $105; lot 65-
fewt front.
J13.000— Grand comer business property; rents
Hit
$21, CCO— Eight grand flats, 6 and * rooms; near
Jones et. ; lot- 75x137; pays 10 per cent.
J2S.00O— Busings property of 4 ttores tnd 8
j flats; rents $250.
I $3».000— M:»¥ion-st. corner; 1'OxlCO; actually
! Tv-'rth $">5, CCO; rrtust *ell at once.
j $«0,00'— Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
I rrnts JI40.
I $.'5.000— Grand corner; 60-foot front; few
i I-'iocV.k from Orpheum: pays 6 per cent net.
175.C0O — Grand corner: 60-foot front; within
block of Tivoll; old improvements; rents $400.
I Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
i GF.r*. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.
I Will offer for sale at auction MONDAY,
March 4.. 1P01. at 12 o'clock m.. at their of-
fice, 11 City Hall square, the following de-
! scribed property, improved and unimproved:
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
P. E. corner Grove and Webster sts.
I No. 415 Lombard St.
j N. K. corner Noe and Twenty-Fecond sts.
P. E. corner Nineteenth and Hartford sts.
N. K. corner Thirtieth and Church sts.
]W and 1'9'j Fair Oaks St.. near Kd.
f-. W. corner Seventeenth and Church st*. N
SI37 Folsom 6t.
J47S to 14S« Valencia st.
70 and 71 Whitney st.
14 Whitney «t.
4S4 and 4So Sanchez st.
171S Leavenworth «t.
I'MMPnOVEP PROPERTY.
P. K. corner Dolores and. Liberty sts.
p. W. corner Twenty-eighth ave. and U tt.
P. AV. corner Princeton and Mansell Ets.
Chen«?ry tt.. near Palmer. a
N. F. corner College and Olmstead sts.
Twenty-sixth ave.. near K Et.
Twenty-fourth ave. and Bermuda St.
H. \V. corner 22<1 st. and Alden ave.
Pee our catalogue.
$1500— CHEAPEST home In the^olty: to effect j
quirk sale; 4 rooms and stable; well of water |
produces lO'k) gallons per day; street accepted j
by city; cement eldcwalk; plank sjde en- i
trance; part rash. Call immediately on H.
*>V. DAVIS. 413 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
CITY LOTS.
Five lots, comer Bronte and Jefferson ets., 2
blocks from electric cars; good marine view.
One lot In town of Amedee, Lassen County.
For sale cheap for cash. Call or address
W. A. JAMES, owner, care Smitfis' Cas>h Store.
| FOR the bept located lots In Richmond and the
I cheapest call en AV. J. Gunn, 530 California.
i $1190— COTTAGE, two lots. 4 rooms; high base-
| ment and bath. 4013 Folsom st.
! IF you have lets to eell north of the Park, j
then call /?n "\V. J. GUNN. M3 California 6t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Veekly Call, j
16 pace?. :« wrarrer, for maillni. II per yen r.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Snle
FOR Pale— A beautiful home of 11 acres, about i
half in bearing fruit trees: modern house of {
7 rooms; windmill and tankhoute, barn and
chicken-houses. Stc. ; about 3C0 Chickens,
hcrso and carriage, tools, etc.. Included; a
seed income on the place; owner going to the
old country: price »45O0; term* to suit. Call
or adiress MRS. L. JACOBSEN, Llvermore.
Cal.
ORANGE LAND.
120 acres in Tulare County, 12 miles from
Portei-viHe. partly fenced: 6-room house. !
5 acres in Los An,j«?!e« Co.. near Pasadena.
W. A. JAMES, owner, care Smiths' Cash
Ptore. j
ONE of the. finest homes in Palo Alto offere'3
for sale at a sacrifice; nothing has been
spared to beautify the place; it must be seen I
to be appreciated. Address Postofflce box A, [
Paio Alt". r
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, near Call bid*.. I
has printed lift* farms In Sonoma. Shasta,
Santa Clara. Santa Cruz and other' counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free ccjsy of Sonoma Co. real e«tate bargain*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
15 pagep. In'wrapper. for mailing. $1 ppr year.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE. %
MARION GRIFFIN,
713 Market, near Call bldg. Tel Black 1SC3.
I have a long llEt of city and country prop-
erty for sale and exchange. Please call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSCS.
TO rent— A handsomely furnished 2-slory house
cf 9 rooms, bath, closet, etc.. and large '
grounds and garden: convenient to trains
and electric cars. ELDER Rental Bureau.
71 Kfarny ft.; phone Red 2334.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nKRKKLKV ItEAL ESTATE.
$55T>— BIGGEST bargain lntown; lot 45x120 on
Ehattuck ave.; half block of depot; street
macadamized and cement eidewalk; owner
must sell; cheap for quick sale; only $560.
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley station.
$2*00— ALMOST new home, with all Improve-
ments. \
$3G0O— Nobby new house, 7 rooms; street Im-
proved. MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley sta'n. '
FOR sale or lease— Beautifully situated 7-roorr
house: fronting university grounds. Address
H. I. COON, owner. Z2I Eansome St.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SoTooO-SPLENDlD^new Sck~bu~UdfngTToxlCO
feet; a corner; stores, and hall; furnished
rnopt complete; all Just rented; a great bar-
gain.
$12,00— Lot 75x100; northea»t corner Ninth
and Clay sts. V. F. McDONALD & CO.,
47S Ten'h st. .
OAIvLAXD FLttXITBnE KCIt SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Echellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR IIOUSEICIC-KIMXG.
ELLIS. £M— 3 rooms, newly furnished, house-
keeping. $20: also 2 rooms. $13 50; sunny. ;
HOWARD. 761 Vi— Nicciy furnished itunny sjlte.
kitchen, man ami *-ifc; others: reasonable.
HOWARD. 1703— Nicely furnished, bay-window.
tulted lor light housekpg.: also single rooms.
KEARNY, 21i— Furnished front suite houne-
kW-jdnif rooms; also other small furji. room;
I! SO to |5 a week. :MRS. E. M.< TOBIN.
MINNA. 2S— Nice sunny furnished front bouse- ,
Keeping and single rooms; very cheap. .
OAK. 119— :-unny parlors furnished for house-
kecping; large closet; range; storage; $14.
POWELL. 4i;»;— Twj unfurnished ¦ rooms for '
house-keeping.
SIXTH, UOr-Sumnr rooms for light housekeep-
Ir.g; a'.yj room for gentleman.
STOCKTON. tt'7-Elegantly furnished floor of
4 funny rooms: also ringle rooms.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* lias been . established at 1CS6
Valencia et. , . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office, 2lfc> Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Untnrii.
ARGYLE, The — Ready \ for -occupancy; Just
what you- have been waiting for; most ele-
gantly .urnished rooming-house in the city:
parties ¦with references Invited to inspect; all
the latest improvements. McAllister st.,
corner Larkln; rooms thown In the evening.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms: modern- convenienfces;
rooms 50c up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14$ Sixth— Rooms 25c
to il per night; SI 25 -to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping r "open all night. ;
BURNETT, H26 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, tingle; also unfurnished.
FOLSOM, 757A— Nicely furnished rooms ; . bath.
FRONT parlor and bedroom: comfortably fur-
nished: suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $l!;
near Sixteenth and Mission. Box 20S7, Call.
FULTON, "B25 — Large furnished double room;
bath; suitable for two.
GEART, 478— Alcove suite. $1S per -month.
GEARY. £.93. corner Jones— Nicely furnished
bay-window suite; also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE- AVE., 105O— ¦Well furnished
runny room; free telephone. \
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladle«' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE, 437— Two furnished or unfurnished
' rooms for rent.
LAKKIN. S19H— Sunny front room suitable for
lady or gentleman; bath; phone; $7.
MARKET, 1055, over shoe store— Sunny, fur-
nished rooms; transient; for gentlemen only.
MARKET. 1122— Nice bay-window suit*, three
rooms; new and clean; rent reasonable.
MINNA: 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1275— Front and back parlor; also
one single hallrocm. /
.NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market it.— Nicely
furnished rooms. J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 10— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: ! day, wk., mo.
O'FARRKLL. 314A— 2 sunny furnished rooms,
front and side; S3 and $4.
O'FARRELL, 712— Nicely furnished parlor, en
mite or single; gas, bath, phone; $10 to $24.
O'KARRELL, 776 — Sunny single room; gas;
bath; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 770-^Handsomely furnished bacit
parlor and other rooms; running water;' bath.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, S5c to 51 60; week, $2 to
$S; month, ti to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis it.-Kooms.
night. 25c to Jl: week. Jl 25 to ti; open night.
SACRAMENTO. 13C5B— 3 rooms, separate en-
trance, with yard; sun all day; rent $7.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth et..
near Market— KurniFhed or unfurnished.
SUTTER. J20H- Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $8; suites, |12 to {25 mo.
THE BERLIN, 23S Kearny— Elegant suites;
Binple rooms: running water; transient.
TURK, 33— Nicely furnished front room; also
other rooms; rent reasonable. ~\
TWELFTH. Ill— Large sunny, room in private
family: suitablefor couple; reasonable.
WILLIAM. I?, off O'Farrell, bet. Jones and
Taylor— Nice sunny furnished room; gas and
bath; 18. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Killmore st.
A FRANCII office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '."'' '
11OO«S AMJ HOARD.
AT the eld Stevenson -mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex £07 California St., may
be found c most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and elehtly rooms at .modest rates.
E.LEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuisine unex- !
celled. 1103U .Broadway, cor. 12th St.. Oak- :
land, top fiocr. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms with board;
us« of parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van Ness, j
ROOMS and board; price* reasonable. 415
First «t. ¦
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED,
WANTED— Front room, with breakfast and
dinner. In private family., for couple; central;
reasonable. Box CCS2, Call.
¦WANTED by single man. board and room in
private family. Box 20SP, Call. '
CHEAPEST^and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or . Canada one year for ?1.
postape paid. : . . ¦
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $1 up; city or country.
3W Third st. Hartman Paint Co.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
413 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. S5S0.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pnges. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
lEWi.v'i MACHIXES AXD SUIM'LIKS.
ALL kinds bought, sold p.nd repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; cpen even.; phone Black 1124. 2C5 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttle*: reduced rates. 14S 6th: phona Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTERS
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MO.VP. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom 1169. -
STORAGE AXIJ • WAREHOUSES.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage and SlovTne~CaI
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. K40 Mls-
rlon tt.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W.-ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Btorge Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840: whipping at cut rates.
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
Bunportein made, repaired. Menge. 503 Kearny.
TVPEWIUTEKS AND SOPPLIKS.
eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
' KxrhPtr.ee. E36 California: telephone Main 2€fi.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 25 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., on .and after
Monday, March 11. 1901. Transfer books clcs?d
Saturday, March 1, 1301. at 12 o'clock m.
• ¦ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany tcon.)— A dividend, No, 27.. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the ] company. 4S0
California St., San Francisco, on March 11,
Transfer books close March 4, 1901, at
noon.' JULIAN SONNTAG. secretary pro tern.
''¦;."¦ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for box lockers.— 5epoT"c}uarter^
master's Office, 36 New, Montgomery st., San
Francisco, Cal., March 4, 1901.— Sealed pro-
posals. In triplicate, will be receivel at this
office until 11 o'clock a.m., March 20. 1901,
Pacific Standard time, and then opened, for
furnishing box lockers. Preference will be , >
given to articles of domestic production and
manufacture, conditions of price and qual-
ity being equal (Including in the' price
of foreign production and - manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced en
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blank* for
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing ¦ proposals will b<? In-
dorsed: "Proposals No. 1945" and odd'-ossed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster,
\j. S. Army, Depot Quartermaater.-
TREASURY Department. Office Supervising
Architect. Washington. D. C, FeB". 21. 1901.—
Pealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m., an the -29th day of
March. 1501, and* then opened, for the con-
struction and completion of a Cabin" Pas-
senger House af the San Francisco Quaran-
tine Station; Angel Inland, California, -in ac-
cordance with -drawing and specification,
copies of which may be had at the discretion
of the Supervising Architect, by applying to
tills office or to J. W. Roberts, superintendent
of construction. ¦ at the New Postofflce, San
Francisco. California. JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR, Supervising Architect. • - ' .'•.»¦-»
rREASU-RY Department* office of Supervising
Architect. Washington. D.. C,,. February 23.
1901. — Seuled proposals will be received at this
of lice until 2 o'clock p. -m. on 'the Cth day of
April. 1801, and then opened,: for the con»truc-
tltJii (except heating apparatus., electric wjrmg
and conduits) of ths United State? Pcstofliee
at Oakland. Cal., in accordance with draw-
ings and specifications, copies of which may
be had at this* 'office or at the office of the
Postmaster at Oakland; Cal., at the discretion
of the Supervising Architect. 1 '
JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
Supervising Architect.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE cf the County Clerk, and ex-offlcio
Clerk of the 3 Board of Supervisors of th*
County of Saft' Mateo, State of California.
NOTICE Of SALE OF FRANCHISE.
' Public notice is hereby, given that on th»
ISth day of February. A. D. ¦ 190V W - D " K
GIBSON, as applicant, made to, and filed
with, the Board of Supervisors of the County
of San Mateo. State of California, a written
application for a franchise and privilege
which said application, was, and is. In the
words and figures following, to-wit:
"To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County of Ean Mateo, State of Cali-
fornia:
"Gentlemen: I hereby apply to your hon-
' orable body for a franchise and privilege to
construct nnd operate a single or double
track railroad, of standard gauge for the
period of fiity years, with the privilege of
erecting and maintaining the necessary poles,
wires and appliances for an electric trolley
eystem, upon the following public highways
In the county of San Mateo. State of Cali-
fornia, to-wit:
"1. Over, upon and across the Mission
county road on a center line distant forty
the 'westerly line of the right of way of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company at Baden
crossing.
"2. Over, uoon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as San Bruno lane
adjacent and parallel to the westerly line of
the right of • way of the Southern Pacific'
Railroad Company.
"3. Over, upon and across that -county
road at San Bruno known as the San Bruno
road, adjacent and parallel to the westerly
line of the right of way of the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company. - --:.»..
"4. In the townsKe known as the Millbrae
Villa Tract, along, over and upon that cer-
tain street -known as Railroad avenue, which
lies adjacent to the ¦ Westerly Una of the
righ^ of way of the. Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company, from" the -northerly boundary
line of Eaid Millbrae Villa Tract to the south-
erly line thereof, with the necessary turn-
outs; and over, upon and' across said'. Mill-
brae %venue. between Railroad ' avenue an-1
Hemlock avenue, to the southerly line of
said avenue. .
"5. Over, up.on and across that county road
at Burllngame known as Burllngame av«nue
where San Mateo drive. It extended, would
intersect said avenue.
"6. Over, upon and across that certain
road known as Peninsular avenue at Its "in-
tersection with that road In Howard's Bur-
llnjame townsite known as San Mateo drive
"Together" with all necessary switches and
turnouts..
"I respectfully ask that your Honorable
Board advertise this application In accord-
ance with the provisions of the act entitled
'An act to amend an act entitled "An act*
providing for the sale of railroad and other
franchises in municipalities, and relative t«.
granting of franchises." approved March 23
1 1803, by amending section 1 of. said act. 1 ap-
proved March 19, 1897. r
• "Dated Redwood. City, California. Febru-
ary 12th, 1901. .
" W - D V. , GI J? SON - Applicant."
And public notice -is hereby further given
• that on the said 18th day of February, 1901, i n
open session of the said Board of Supervisors
the said application was read and considered
whereupon said board voted, and by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined -and announced
that it proposed to grant said application
franchise and privilege, and directed that thi
fact that an application for such franchis*
and privilege had been made to taid boa*d
together with a statement that it was and
Is, proposed by said board to grant the "same
be advertised in The San FrancUco Call a
daily, newspaper published In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California
as provided by law and as directed by said
resolution. "
And public notice I» hereby f urtr «r riven tha*
the character of the f ranohlne and privilege pro-
posed to be granted by said board is to con-
struct and operate a single 'or double track
railroad, of standard gauge, with the privi-
lege Of erecting and maintaining the neces-
sary poles, wires and appliances for an elj^:-
tric trolly eystem. and the term of its otfn-
. tlnuance is iflfty years, and the route to b^
traversed by said railroad Is -over, upon and
across the roads, highways and streets men-
tioned In said application.
And public notice Is -hereby further given
that pursuant to law and the said resolution
of Bald board and as thereby, and as therein
directed, the said Board of Supervisors pro-
])0*es to grant the said application, franchise
find privilege prayed for hy said applicant
and that on Monday, the first day of April
A. I>. 1901. at the hour of 10 o'clock a, m '
at the chambers of said board, at the Court-
house in Redwood City, in the county of San
Mateo. State of ' California, bids or tender*,
will be received by said board for such fran-
. chlse and privilege, and that said board will
then and there, in open session of said board,
' read eaid bids and tenders and consider and
net thereon, and will award said franchise
I and Drivileee to the highest bidder, and lu
j . accordance with the act of the Legislature
| I mentioned In said application.
i By order cf eaid Board of Supervisors made
1 and dated this 18th day of February. A. D.
I 1901. M. H. THOMPSON.
County Clerk, and ex-offclo Clerk of the
j Board of Supervisors, or said Qounty of
San Mateo. State of California. '
Hy.H. W. RCIIABKRG. Deputy Clerk. .
( ?¦ ffil of TXoat**3 of ¦ Su t3sr""ME0rs.)
i IN the Superior Court of the City and County
cf San Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
. poration. upon its epplicatlon for a Judgment
of dissolution. Notice. — No. 75,397, IDept. 10.
Notice is .hereby; given that Honolulu Sugar
Company., a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of.thn
• State of California; arid having its office 'and
place or business in the city and county of
' Kan Francisco, fitate of California, has filed
Us application, duly verified and Elgned by a
.majority ef Us board of. directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
nf-San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a. Judgrraent of dissolution of said
corporation; ¦ and that Monday, March 25th
1S31. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
taid court. Department No. 10, in the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have bern appointed as the day, . time
and place for the hearing of said application
In witness whereof I. have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day . of February 1901
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk. '
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk (In-
doi-Fed.> Filed Feb. 20. 1911. WM. A. DEANE
Clerk, by E..M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk!
IN the Superior. Court of the City and County
o{ San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of the estate of THOMAS M. CLUFF.
deceased. Probate; Xo. 22.869, Department 10*
Notice for publication of time appointed of
hearing petition for appointment of trustee
C. C. P. I702.'-Notics is hereby given that
Friday, .the 8th day of March, A. D. 1901, at
10 o'clock a. m. of that day and the court-
room cf Department No. 10 of said court at
the New City Hall. In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
hearing the petition of MARGARET V
CLUFF for the appointment of WILLIAM
CLUFF as sole trustee for ALFItED
THOMAS CLUFF (a minor) under the last
will of said deceased.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Indorsed: Filed February 23, ISftl.' WM A
DEANE. Clerk; by V. F. NORTHROP.
Deputy Clerk. /
JOHN H. DICKINSON, attorney for execu-
tors. room 2.Vthlrd flror. Mills .hulldlng.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlace and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed- with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have .the same published.
MARRIED. .
ARLINGTON— DE CAMP— In this city. March
2, 1901, by. the Rev. William Rader. "William
Arlington of Cotatl, Cal.. and Ella L de
Camp of Oakland. Cal. ».
' DIED.
Andrews/ Julia Levkowicz,* I.
• Arendt. Carolina . Luhrsen, John D
IJorles. Dora McCredie, Samuel
Cadwell. Baby Phyllis McDonald.' Winnie
Cavagnaro, John L. . Nitzgen. 8tefan
Davis. Mrs. E.Ilen G. Raymond. Dr J C
Donohue, John R, Schmidt. J. George
Fitzgerald. Richard A AVitt." Albert D.
Glynn. James >.^. ; Wurtz. Gertrude
,.- Irwln. David •¦' AVyttenbach, Mrs M
• Joerg. Alfred A. ' . Yates. WUHam H
-Lae, Anton N...' '.:;"'-¦.¦ •
— /
ANDREWS— In x Oakland,' March 3, 1901, Julia
Andrews, wife of John Andrews, and mother
.-of Pansy and Francis Andrews, .a native of
California, aged 39 years.
ARENDT— In this city. March. 2, 1901. Carolina
Arendt, . dearly beloved wife of Edward
Arendt and beloved mother of Mrs. Clara
Zimmerman of Monterey and Carolina
• Arendt. a native of Braunschweig, Germany
. aged 72 years and 9 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 123S Union street, thence tn Odd Fel-
HBNRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMQALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. oTJpoBite. Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. , # ~
• -y-
JaME«i McGINN
Has opened Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy
st. bet. Taylcr and Jones. Tel. South 576
REMEMBER 214 Eddy* st. is on the right
hand side of street going from Market.
I/V\o/=1VO>, «fc .CO.. g
FUNERAL DIRECTOR8 & EMBALMERS.
1233 Market st..' between 8th and 9th. ' R
Telephone South 217.
CREMAtlON,
Cdd fellows' Lenistery Association
SAN. FRANCISCO, CAL.
The charge *or cremation to churcn members
and members or organizations having presidinc
officers and secretaries and their families is S3ij
All -others. $35. ¦• Expensive coffins and ¦ orna-
ments are seldom used. "A niche in the Colum-
barium is a monument and eaves the cost 'of 5
lot and Us care and etone.tvorkr* Send for clr- :
cular. - • . . . •. -.' -.-.-¦
GEORGE R, FLETCHER, Manager
lows' Hall, corner of Seventh and Market
streets, where services will be •" held under
the auspices of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No.
130. I. O. O. F., commencinc at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric
car. from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Please omit flowers. ' . ¦
BORIES— In this city. March 3. 1901. Dora,
dearly beloved wife of Leon Bories, and
dearly beloved mother of Hilda Bories. and
dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. Charlotte
Sllveratone, and sister of Sholom. Joseph and
Emanuel Silverstone and Mrs. L. Cohl. Mrs.
L. Blrnbaum of this city and Mrs. L. Siess
of Charleston, S. C, a native of New York,
aged 32 years 11 months and 11 days. (Port-
land and Seattle papers please copy.) •
!C5"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from 112 Lyon street,
between Oak and Page, thence by train,
leaving Third and- Townsend streets at 11:30
o'clock. Interment Salem Cemetery.
CAIJAVELL— In this city, March 3. 1301. Baby
Phyllis, beloved daughter of Howard "and
Non Cadwell. and sister of Gladys and Alma
Cadwell. and granddaughter of Mrs. C. F.
Fahrbach, a native of California, aged 1 year
6 months and 17 days. > •
CAVAGNARO— In this city. March 2. 19C1.
John L., dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
Nancy Buloth (nee Cavasnaro),' a native of
Italy, aged 34 years 4 months and 9 days.
£7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Valente. Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
tort street. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
DAVIS— In Berkeley, March 3. 1901, Mrs. Ellen
G. Davis, beloved mother of Mrs. T. P.
., Evans, a native of England, ased 78 years 2
months and 5 days. . A
DONOHUE-In this city, March 3. 1901. John
It., beloved .son of James and Bridget Dono-
hue, and brother of Stephen and Rose Dono-
hue and Mrs. Mary Clark, a native of San
-'Francisco, aged 39 years 1 month and 17 days.
tTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FITZGERALD— In this city. March 2, 1901.
, Richard A., beloved husband of Hannah
Fitzgerald, and beloved father of Richard
Fitzgerald. Mrs. E. M. Nelson. E. P. Peter-
son and the late John Fitzgerald, a native of
London. England, ac«d 64 years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:55 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 347 Fremont street, thence to St.
Brenaan's Church, where a solemn requiem
hieh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GLYNN— In this city. March 2. 1901. James.
. beloved husband of the late Margaret Glynn,
and father of Ignatius, Thomas. William and
. Joseph Glynn and Mrs. John Manlon. a na-
tive of Athlone, County Roscommon. Ireland,
ased 69 years 9 months and 3 -days.
K7"NotIce of funeral hereafter. Remain'
at tbe parlors of racific Undertakers. 777
5 Mission street. .. - ..
IRWIN'-In Oakland, March 3.. 1901. David, be-
loved husband of Anna Irwln. and father of
Fannie Coe- of Oregon, a native of New York
State, aged 102 years. . He leave*" children
' aad grandchildren in Michigan. /
JOERG— In this city, March 3, 1901,/ Alfred A.,
beloved son ''of 'Michael- and. Llfeette' Joerg, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 5
months and 21 days. • -• • ¦
LAE— In this city, March 2. .1901, Anton N.
La?, .a native of Norway, aged 63 yoars. A
member of Court Eclipse No. 14, F. of A.
(E7 Friends and. members are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking: Company, 4Q3
Powell street, near Poet, under the auspices
of Court Eclipse No. 14, F. of A. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEVKOWICZ— In East Oakland, March 3. 1901.
I. Levkowiczf late of San Jose. Costa Rica.
Central America, aged 70 years 11 months and
15 days. ¦ • - t
(t7"FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, at 654
East ' Sixteenth etreet. East Oakland. Inter-
ment private and at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LUHRSEN-In this city. March 2, 1901, John
D.,-. beloved husband of the late Eliza Luhr-
- sen, and father of Mrs. Charles Volquards
and- Herrman. / Henry and Etta Luhrsen n
native of SUarenbeck, Germany, axed 61
years.- ' ¦ • ¦ " •
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law. Charles -Volquards,
808 Diamond street, near Twenty-fourth. In-
terment private.
McCKEDIE— In this city, March 2. 1901. Sam-
uel McCredie, beloved brother of Mrs. J. L.
Hercet and Nanie McCredie, couafrr. of Mrs.
i A. Middleton and Mrs. E. Barafo. * and
nephew of Mrs. D.- McCarthy of Naps, a na-
tive of San Francieco. i* -
IC7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his cousin, Mrs. A. Middleton, 43«H Te-
hama street. Interment private.
McDONALD — In this city.- March 2, 1901. 'Win-
hie, dearly beloved son of Winnie H. and
Vere McDonald, aged 11 months and 10 days.
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from the -parlors cf the California
Undertaking Company, 403 Powell street, near
Post. ¦ •¦¦ "
NITZGEN— In this city. March 3, 1301, Stefan
Nitzjen, brother of Mrs. CharleB Lammer-
man. and uncle of Edna Altken. a native of.
Rheln. Germany, aged 34 years.
Eyrhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
II. F. Suhr & Co. 1137 Mission street, between
' Seventh' and Eighth. ' Interment" private. '.
RAYMOND— In " Oakland, at 665 Sixteenth
street. March k 3.xl901. Dr. Jonas C Raymond,
a native of New York, aged 77 years 10
months and 8 .days.
SCHMIDT— In . Berkeley, March 1, 1901. J
George, son of, John.; George and Sophia
Schmidt, and brintbe/i of .John, Lewis and
Emma Schmidt, .aged IS years 2 months and
5 days. "¦» . . , .
cy Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence, southwest corner of Falrvlew and
Calais streets. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
WITT— In this city, March 2, 1901. Albert D.
Witt, a native of Wisconsin, aged 30 years.
tE7Remaln* at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of fun-
eral hereafter.
WURTZ (nee Mermet)— In this city. March 2
• 1S»C1, Gertrude Wurtz, -beloved wife of Louix
Wurtz, and mother of John B. Hymies, a na-
tive of France, aged 49 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tiie funeral Wednes-
day, March 6. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Julius T. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Notre Dame des Victoires French
Church, where services will be held.
WYTTENBACH— In Brooklyn. N. Y.. March 2
1301. Mrs. Mory WytUnbach. wife of Eman-
uel Wyttenbach. •
YATES— In this city. March 3. 1501. William
• Henry Yates, beloved husband of Ellen
Maud Yates. and ' father of Walter Henry
Nellie B.. Emily M.,, Constance D. and Wil-
liam F. Yates. ; .
ST.' JOSEPH'S UNION-The semi-annual re-
quiem mass for the deceased members and
the deceased friends of the living members of
¦ St. Joseph's Union will be celebrated in St.
Mary's Cathedral, tc— morrow . (Tuesday) at
10:30 o'clock. There will be a sermon ap'pro-
" prlate to the occasion: "
.NUMBERS
OF THE
BENEFICENGIA PUBLIGA
City of Mekieo. February 28. 1901.
?»o. . Prize. Xo. Prize. INo. * Prize.
61...,..*.. 100
184... 20 233 20! 2SS 40
369 40 450 40 . 444. »
4'8 20 513 20 B54 20
5S0 40 702 100 7*7 40
803 ICO SD6 20| 1017 20
11" 1C0 1178 20! 1196 10i»
1209 20 1247 4011311. 40
1538 20 1316 40I1613..:...:. SU
16S1 40 16S3 .... 30 1714 .' 10
174K.'...:.. 600 1768 Y"'20| 1SS7... 20
2010 40 2030 201 2060 40
2204 ;o 2465 2001 2483 40
-2523 200 2862 4S 2731.: 20
ZSO8 20 2870.. ...... 20 '2SS4.".. ..-•—' 4.0
2S23 20 2937........ ! K' 29S2. ....... 40
3056 40 31W 40 315D 40
3226 100 32S0 S) 33C1 2U
3520 20 3^22 20 S083 100
• 36S3 100 37SS 20 3773 ZO
3S98 20 3930 20 3S33 40
4031 : 20 4151 40 42H 20
4417 " 100 4433 20; 4o61 20
4664: i jo 4S03 2091 49S7. ....... 20
S033 .; ' • 20 5053....:... 2W] S133 40
5343 ... 100- S3G0 4O| 5433 40
M4« 20 S8C3 ii\ 5675........ 20
£679 20 5T61 401 £SU 100
5952 40 C'27 40) C237 200
62S0...". 20 6315 20| 6340 40
6463........ *>| 6470 1001 6SS8 ZO
6657 100 S66« 20 6728 20
6742 40] 6S37.. .:....• 40 6331 23
7013. 20 732 20 .733*. 40
7491 20 7591. 20 76*1.. .:.... 20
7883 100 7943 20 8108... 20
S222.. 40 StCl.. 20 K16 20
S371. .•....., 20 S4C3........ 20 ua.. ...... 40
S5CL. ...... 40 KS6 i 20 S720 W
$722 2CG00 3010 f. 20 9127 20
914S 100 9C8« 40 93«S 20
92S1 . 100 93*9 SO S5M 20
9726 20 10149 2O|10232........ 20
10290 20 10316 20J1O321 100
10693 40 10710 2OJ10730 20
10735 40 10S23 45)10926 20
11048........ 40 11461.. 20 11592 .... 100
11696 40 11849* ZOjimi 100
12041 40I12089 B0OI12183 20
121SS ¦ 20 12230 2Q;12234 20
12333 100 1244* 40 12493 100
12C74 20 12997 40J13014 23
13018 20 13113 .T.. 100,131S3 100
13102 20 13245 20:13293 20
13332 20 134S8. ....... W|135OS 200
13533.. 2013930. 100U39S3 20
14012........ 2O'14C51 2O',14flS3 23
14148 100 1(164 10014193 20
14319 20:14364 .-... ¦ 20 14361.... 20
14411... 100;i4413 200 14149 20
14598 20 14688 40 14699 20
14766 20 14812 ,20 14*21 20
14SS0 20 14384 BOO 14385 20
15044 SO 15063 , S0UG06....' 200
15211 40 15230 20 15329 40
15342 20115439 20 15461 20
15508 500 Ii5f.9 20il5325...I.... 40
15C52 20 159S1.., 2O!163U 100
16604 20(16642 20 16»»3 i<i
16S6S 40116372 20 172C6 20
17342 40117413 40 17433 20
17639 20 177S7 2OI17S46 20
17893 20 179S3.. 20117391........ 20
1S227 40 1S262 20 1S362 20
18364 lf«!18423 40 1S517 40
1S67S -•• 20118740 2«;iS821 200
18845 100119010 20'l9058 40
19060 40 19146 20J19197. ....... 20
19504 i 40|l9311 2Q|l?930 20
19627 20il9662 10OJ19S4G 100
20177 20:20347 20|2Cn«3 40
20519 20120574.,. tO'zOTCS 40
20726.... 40i20732 20I2O784 1000
21251 ' 40J21328 20'21339 100
21469 40 2I8S3... 20121753. ..;.... 20
21S19 40i21?33.. ...... 20;21916 100
21934 ... 40122076 20O'»;077 20
22118...: " 20T?372 20I22T.93 40
22726 20122747 40JI2790 20
22S14 20122001 1001:3073 40
23135..' .. 40123233 ./. 40123332 20
23314..: ' 2fl!233«3 40122379 20
23660 40ij36Sl 20i23732 20
22047 401S4031 500;2»0«i0 10*
24207 4024272 2CI24333 20
24S33 1001211547 40!249«)6 20
25021 40125223 20I232S5 40
2r.S68 20125399 40(23433 20
25525 10125582 2Oi2562S 40
23765 £W>;2578S 20-25SQ1 20
25992 20I26OS2 20:26106 I 20
•6433 20J2646S - 20126516 20
26561 20;2ST.63 40,2607? 40
26632 4C>26776 20|26785 20
2C033 40|2f»52 2O127OSO 40
27191... 20127461 20127644 20
27743...:.... 2PI27763 20I2777S 20
278W........ 20 i 27S53 2*25.297 100
28302 20!2S3l4 20:2%^« 20
2S733 2012S752 2O!2SSf< 200
2SS23 402*9S7 10C12910J 23
2S194 200129267 20123407 49
29533 ' 10OJ29695 2012971S 40
2?S77.: ' 100 i 29332 20J30113 40
80194 4<"!3M16 Jft 31:324 20
30328 40|303S1 » 100I30JOJ.. 40
30C13 20-30771 20130797 20
30970 SO'31064 ; 10131276 20
312S6 20)31416 20i316O9 20
317tt 20J31S6O.. ...... 10C031990.. ..*... 40
32050 20 3206S... 20132140 100
•21S8 100132C62 40JS274S 20
32778 40|32?9S , 40J3I903 40
33025 40,33105 40;3.'511< 40
32326...:.... 40J33341 200:33715 20
23728. .."..... 1C03JS71 100>23940 40
339S7 20131054 2Q;S4122 20
34203 4QI342S6 40|3436Ji. 40
34343 2034647 20;31S94.J 600
34708 4(V!34f31 4Oi34321 100
34545"::. ...... 20 ( 34373....;r:.- -4(H35d31 ........ 20
3:^)40 40'3526S 40|3o399 49
356C2 20JS5S23 40135914 MO
36206 20:36219 20!3646S 40
36526 40I36653 2C|36742 40
3S756 20J36S81 40i36S?5 40
36932 .-. 40:36373 100:37130 100
37213 200:i7347 40'373S8 40
37394........ 40!37t>51 40J37737 40
37807 40137973 40J3S234 „. 100
3S322 ,:.. 20J3S440 20I3S575 20
3SC06 20138737 2fi|3«923 200
2?970 20I391J3........ 20139^4 20
35273 V)\Z0m 20 39313 20
39562 100I3361S 20139624,., 20
3S749 4.)|33*23 20'39S39 20
39J63 2O'40C30 20140118.. ; - z0
40117.' 40140202 20140217 40
40565 201406.70 20J45733 , 20
4073S 20I40T45 20 40S51 40
40902 100 40903 401409A9 40
41107 .4041171 20141348 20
41339 201(1462.' 40 41493 20
41593 20141607 20141610 20
41634 20141*05 20 41973 20
4203S 40i42063 20J42176, 40
42474 20K255S 40l42S4li. 100
42740 ¦¦ • 2OI43OSS 20143093.; 20
43215 20(43231 100(4329« im . 40
43337 20U33S3 20[43502 Jo
43525 20!43fi36 2001 137.13 20
43531 10OOU4W5 40I441S6 40
44238 ' -40U42S7 201(4264 200
MS25 .... . 20|44>ni 100!44637 20
44747 20144770 20144791 20
44S8L 2OUH26S 20J4331S 20
4S33S.. • 40|4556fi 4CJ43613 1000O
45794........ *3i45SO« 40 45849 20
459SO.-... 20 459SS - 40I46062 40
46064........ 20 46227 2OU63S2 20
46678 20 46S9S 40146962 »
46970 20|47095... 20147169..: ' 10O
47247 .I. 10147373.::... ... 100147399 20
47J08 VI 40(47431 20147500........ 20
47560. 100'47372 40147576 .„. 20
47S75 20147337 20I4S205...; 1000
4S3O5........ • 2Ol483. r i{>... 2OU8434. ....... 20
4S5O4... 40S1S73S 40|4S758 20
4S76S .... 20 4SS0O.....;.. .1WI4S96O.. ..;... 1000
4S967 4rti49C43 ......... 40|4»31S.. 100
493S3 40(49304.. 20119732..^.;... 40
49S46 40149303 4O|5O10« 20
W173 20 ! 50325.-. 40I503S2 40
B047S 20150531 40 50704 20
50910 20150957....:... 40 S009S.'....;.. 20
51040 .... 40151224 20I513S1 „ 20
51S98 SO|51(61:... ' 20I51S02.. ....-..- 20
51655 20IS1662 40(51739.. 40
61751 40I517S3 40,51915 20
52002 40152004 ¦20J3217S 20
52205 20152267 20152479 40
£2323 40132618 . 4AI3263S 20
52704... v 2f,!32S.-2 40'53d50 40
53063 ;.. 20 53071... 40I5311S 40
33123........ 20153133 -20153219"...; 20
M267 20153302 S0IS3WS , 40
-<3B7« 20I336S7 4ft:33737... 40
I 54096.. 40154226... 20i54375 500
i 64310 lC0i34?.31... 40IW629...-. 23
I 5<C4(! -......' 4fH5J654 20,Tt4532 .- 40
54709..:....— '-.20IS4W! 2031910.... 20
54977 tfl 1 8.-08* 20I3.-2S3 » 100
R532J 10n!.'33S0 4PI334ITO 4a
¦,-,=;407 ' 20135481 20)35524 20
P332S:. ...:'.,'" 20IS5845 100'53721........ 200
M7C9 ...:. 40!5614«..' • 100|.'«238...- 40
£6271 ....... "4OlS?3r......... lWlf.fil24 M
:<5«s.. ;..... 4ma«S7... -..-.:. 2fl(.i6su jco
F,6fi2X.. ;...:.-¦ MfS6849 J0I3ROT2.. - 40
M7f.S ;... , 2OI5BS37 lMVSTWC. 40
E72SR 40|a75nj; 2013737.-. ¦ jo
£7732 ..... J0t37775 • 20T.!i7S.« »o
r.7907"..,... t0l379«» 4C!o7935 jo
579<!6 ¦' ' 2"'3S037 4f>!3Sfl3<;.. ,. « n
5S1S7 '.'.'.'.'..„ ' TOTSttW! ; 20'3SRS7......" 500
"iSU . ... Sm|5RS2O..V ! 20I5S02S....... *)
590S7! '..'...,'. ¦ -20159097 •.. 4(1|5!>U1. ..:.... «o
C9115. ....... 20 l ?.9i31 401.-9163........ 100
;e~)s 40139492 40153591..- 40
53S.-.4 ' 10Ol39«S3 4OIS9701 .V)
60041 " .... .20l«T33.... ...-.V. 40I601C1 4V
601C4 "...'.. lf0(60131. .......' -201W1S3 20
W«U .. lP0|«14-«.. ...... /40!«0460........ 40
ecrh" '.'.'.... '-. -M'wen.. 2cl«r«8; tn
6077-." .... H»1*C94"« 2« ! «10C3 40
filir* v... .20161556 2rt!51«37 40
61712"' U 20I61SS0 20:61<M0...... . 40
TO ;:;::..v m^n*.. .:.... 40162134........ 40
««VT> ¦ ...i- ¦ J0IS2M0... ...... M162414.".. .,.¦.. »o
6 i-^i"! ¦ 40lfi2f.«0.. ...... 4n!fiT639. I 40
gjro- . 2O'R?9S6.. 2rt!R2?«2 ia
«<)<,-, . 20KK244..; 40163243.......; *JO»
63237";..... loois-ws wmst:: ico
S^H ¦ 20'fi.1G37... 20!«3G73
"f-rh % . 2r!«3739 20162S34 \k
r-r«r. ' . inflow.... to!«(i55 «»
64172"".'... 4fl'«23(_...... 40:«43r>4 .'. \(t
film'".... 40!fi4C13 201646SS 2!) ,
«723" ... 4O|B«7W 20'6^60 in
M^i" "".;¦.. 2OIW928-. ...... !o'p.^47 40
C-in' 20!«3124. :...... 40163274........ 43
fi.-3nr.. ....... 4O'«K371 41IC.J64 Joh
2ftlSV.80 40!<5-C» 40
r»7!)1 .... lWlt-WO 20 J 66133...... 43
it£-'.'.'. 1w.lnfit.-9 : 4n:«.-n.. u ... # .^
r6 r,r9 , -ina'f*-**. W6«(ko.. <0
«6<S0 2OifW7 5Cnl6R7ir, i0
R&C40. 2nfi!K«flT5 4N6711.", 4*
n»1 < 5......w 7«'67422........ 1001673V, ....;..? M
trrti mlffrs9<! iRft;e7!W> . jo
1 67!WS........ 40I6K2W .. .. - 1006S370 ; 100
'MHO... ..'.•• 20|6S491 .". 20!6S3CO........*-2Q
No. Prize. IXo. Prize. !N'o. Prise.
6S:94 lOOJSSSW :o'«SS43.. ...... 40
6ST1S 20,633*8 2Oi»59C13 »>
€XZ9 40,SS;6S 10O;«3333 »
6K00 2O'«9^3 2063SB0 40
CS20.. ...... 20 63S43 40|«M04... 3>
63314 2C!699» 20;63K4 «
7Ct71 40170133 4"V7t>2»2 23
7'M33 «0000l70.-»j »iTM72 20
70373 100I70M1 lWiTW* *>
Tins M|71«8 Wj7Ha W
71fA« CT.J71693 40J71S44 I"
71911 20172121 20172334 V*
72344 20172333.*. 20172413 20
72C? 20i72710 40172813 2"
731<* 20173134 20173182 »
732CS ZP17S234 *>i734« »
733SS 4ftl7391« 4Oi»SOSS *'>
7J011 20174199 4O'74IM— 29
74414 ino'7-« Z^-iSH. ....... 40
71S76 1C0743CT- :P;7«317 SO
?330 40i7i)SJ 4.1i73113 K'»
7T.190 1WI75195 40I752SS K>
7J303 10M733M 2r.:73437 40
7r : .ii3 20!7r^K 4n;7eni4 i»»
J.76JSS ' JC:76U0 20i76114 20
TC14J 30;760 40176TCS 1C0
76«5. ....... irfl(7«727 10OI767S6 100
7«Xi« 100177011 4flV770a« . 20
7720S 2PT72-16 2W77K7 40
77363 :o;7733«^ 40,77115 20
77352 4fl!7SC90 4OJ7<n07 W
7S1S3 20J7S305 4C r 7S315 40
7S3SS 20!7S437 20:78494 40
7SJ31... 10O17S57* 40I7W14 2<»
7S6ri 100!7<iii9j 20179108 V*
79126 20179238 20-73«7I *>
79500 : 20| . - I
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
10<) numbers from 70.3S9 to 70.489 Inclusive.
being W numbers on each sl<!e of the number
drawing capital prize of 160.000— $60.
100 numbers from 8572 to «772 Inclusive, betns
50 numbers on each tide of. the number draw-
Ing capital prize of S20.0CO— J40.
100 numbers from 43.S9S to 43.S95 Inclusive,
belngr 60 numbers on each side of the number
drajitfrg capital prize of ttO.OCO— $20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending: with 39. beins; ta» last
two flpures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $CO.CCO-$:0.
799 numbers endlr.jr with 22. beir.ir the last
two figures of. the number drawing the capital
prize of J2O.0CO— *20.
Xo. .70.439 draws first capital prlzo of $60,000.
sold In Davenport. Iowa. N'o. S7I2 draws second
capital prize of $20,000. sold In Chicago, HL :
Brooklyn. X. Y.; New Orleans. La.; St. Loul».
Mo.; Dallas, Tex. No. 43.645 draws third capi-
tal prize of I10.0CO. sold In Havana. Cuba; St.
Louis, Mo. N'os.. 20.7S4, 31.SS0, 43,531. 48,205 and
4S.90 draw, each, $1000. sold in San Francisco,
Cal.; St. Pierre. Martinique: Havana. Cuba;
Vlcksburtr. Miss.: Peorla. 111.; Miahuathan.
Oax. : Brooklyn. X. Y.
E>. GREGOK1O ORIVE.
For the Treasury Department. -
U. BASSETTI. Manaiter.
N APOLIXAR CASTILLO.
Intervetwr
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
(m | Steamers leave Broadway
. *w wharf San Francisco:
» Slkt- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
I iw§f^K. March 2. 7. 12, 17. ::. 27. April
: ; 9*»*»SV«* 1- rhan«r« to company*
i-Xfe^WS steamer* at ?«»atfl*».
VOt Fcr Victoria. Vancouver <B.
: jEjgy^*<f»ftj c.) Port TnwwMiil. Seattle.
' I "^Q^fr'S*' Taooma. F.v-rctt. Anacnrf*
and New Whatrorrt iWa«h.>—
a, m.. March 2, 7, 12. IT.
22 27 April 1, and every fifth day thereafter.
Char.ge at Seattle for this company** steamer*
for Alaska, and O. X. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to X. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Rr.
For Eureka. Huroboldt Bay-2 p. m.. March
4. 9, 14. 19. 24, 29, April 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
' For Pan Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
1 bara Port Los An«reles and Redondo (Los An-
Steamer Queen. 'Wednesdays, 9 a. ra.:
steamer Santa ijlosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Ssnta Crux, Monterey. San Simeon, Cty-
uco« Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Ga»l«
ota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huen»me. San
Pedro E»«t Pan Pedro <Lo» Angffles) and
Newport— Steamer Corcno. FVidays. » a. m.:
Steamer Bonlta;- Tuesdays. $ a. m.
For Ensenada. Masrdalena Hay. San J*se dH
Cabo Mazatlan. AltaU. La Pax. Santa Rpm>U
and Guiymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. "tti each month.
For further Information obtain company s
The company reserves th« rl?nt to chansr*
steamers, salllnff dates and hours of sallln*
without pr<»\-ioii« notice.
TICKET OFFIfK-4 N>w MontKom-nr
street (P»l.i«-» IIot»l>.
GOODALL, PFRKIXS ft CO.. Oen. A»rt»..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & B. CO. "
DISPATCH FAST STEAMER3 TO
pO"R, r ni..-A.3SrD
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
rinc $12 F'rst Class ineiufilng B«rtS
| rAnC $3 Second Clas» arjd .W«als.
1 COLUMBIA sails Mar. 4. 14. 24. Apr. I
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 9. 10, 19. Apr. »
! Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt».
i Helena and all points in the Northwest.
'. Through tickets to all points East.
; E. C. WARD, General A cent.
j 1 Montgomery st.
WHITE STAR STEAMSHiPCOT
Will Dispatch Steamer
' " FOR
Via Katmal.
MARCH Sthk.
For Information Apply to
WHITE STAR STEAMSHIP CO.,
. i -. Union Block. Seattle.
Or
132 Marfcet St.. Room «. 8. T,
~~ AMERICAN LINE.
in V TORS. E0OT1UMPT0N. LCWD03. P1B1\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every 'Wednesday at V> *. m.
St Louis.. ......Mar. 13|St. Louis April t
New Tork Mar. JO New Tork April W
Vaderland Mar. 2! • Vaderland April u
RED STAR LIN Hi
New York and Antwarm.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 13 Noon.
'Westernland ...Mar. HtFriesland -April »
Kensington ....Mar. 20 Southwark ....April W
Noordland Mar. niWesterland ....April 17
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. General Airent.
Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery «t
TOVO KISJN KAISBA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 o. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnc at
Kobe (Hlogjo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
Ss'aMERICA MARTT.... Friday. March 13. MCI
SS" HONGKONG MARU.. Tuesday, April ». 1901
S3* NIPPON MARU Friday, May 3.1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc;.
4«1 Market street, corner First "2"
W. H. AVERY. General A«~rt.
Aaa^hIaC C Ct\ •"**"• wao *« "•*'¦
ViVmilV Vt DIRECT ll«t«TAMITK .
SS SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
1 Zealand and Australia ;
• Wednesday. March 6. 9 p. m.
S3.' "AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..... .............
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. en.
: SS.' MARIPOSA (Honolulu only) ....
, ; Saturday. March 18, 2 p. m.
i. B.SPREMEIS k BROS. CO., BamI Ignis. 327 Hartal St
Bra'l Paasngsr Otnce, 6» ftrtet St., Per la. 7.. PacS: St
PANAMA R.R. SSf-
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. Spl OS: Steerage. IMO. . ¦-..-
5. S. St. Paul sails Wednesday, Mar; 6.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March' 19.
S. S Roanoke sails Tuesday, April. 2i.
From -wharf, foot of Lombard st. at ? p. 'm. .
Freight and paaeencrer office. 339 Market st.
. ~ F. ¦ F. < OXNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAU KA7IGATI0H CO. AIH)
C0KPAKIA SU3 AUZZICA5A DX VA?0223
Xo Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing: . . .
SS COLOMBIA ......March S. 1901
SSi TUCAPEL'..:...-...;. ...March W. 190»
S«* AREQUIPA —..,- April 4. »01r
At 12 m .from Section 2. Seawall.
These steaifiers are built expressly fcr Central
and South American passenger servlp. <X«
cbarne «t Acapuico or Panama.) - Freight mad
oasaenKer offlc». S15 Callforni* utreet.
BALFOLTt. GUTHRIE A CO.. Agent*. :
COdPAGSI2 GENSHALi: T2AN3ATLA5TIQU2J
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS; -rf-w^
bailing ev?ry Thurr^ay. ln.«t^ad of <^*flS5 .
Saturday, at 10 a. ro.. frotn Pier «• "Wf*"
North River, foot of Morton street. Flrst-clas»
to Havre K5 and. upwari. Peccnd class to
Ha "I t% -£ »P wa^ a GE^ ER^\^^P C^
FOn UNITED STATES end CANADA. ».
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. • J. .
F FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5'
Montscmery avenn«. San Francisco. .Tlci-ts
, n M >>v Oil RaHroal Ticket ' A g«ntn.
~~BAY AND BIVEB STEAHERS. :'
SteaTJ**" '"^'''''.'ce'To. "
¦ MON.. Tues., Wed.,.Thors. and Sat. at IMS
a. m., J:13, 8:S0 v- ». <ex. Thursday night); Fri-
I 1 days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays; 10:30 a. m.. (
p. in. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier .No. 2. Tain-boa* Mala 1»S-Dietz Dies From His Wound.
Adolph Dletz. who shot and killed Rose
Mitzel in her room at 106 Taylor street
Friday night and fired a bullet into his
own brain, died at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday morning. The body was re
moved to the Morgue.
Case Quickly Disposed Of.
Sheriff George H. Crawford of Del Norte
County arrived in this city last night
with P. H. Gay, a gambler, who shot and
killed M. J. McN'amard in Crescent City,
and who has been sentenced to spend the
remainder of his life in San Quentin. Gay
committed the crime only four weeks ago.
He pleaded guilty in court and was im
mediately sentenced. The prisoner was
kept in the City Prison last night and this
morning will be taken to his last home on
earth.
Expert Cracksmen Pry Open. Door of
Small Safe and Secure
rENXETT'S RESTAURANT
ENTERED BY BURGLARS
About $100.
Pctw^n the hours of 1 and I a. ra. yes
terday burg-la rs entered Dennett's res
taurant. 74? Market street, and pried open
a small safe containing about $100, which
money thpy secured. At midnight a pri
vate ¦watchmnn on the block tested the
front door of the establishment and
pcrutln'zed the interior, but found noth
ing wrong.
The safe is a small one of inferior make
and us»*d only for holdinpr small amounts
of money over night. Entrance to the
restaurant was gained by breaking a lock
0:1 the rear door, and while the transac
tion savors very much of the work of
professionals, the cracksmen evidently
found upon examining- the safe that it
could be opened without the use of pow
der. A strong vise was applied to the ex
terior of # th* supposed strong box, which
offered little resistance, and the hinges
and locks speedily gave -way.
The spoils represented only the after
noon receipts of the house, as all funds on
hand were banked at noon Saturday.
Millionaire "Bill". - Bradbury, who re
cently acquired fame as aji expectorator
in street cars, narrowly escaped serious
injury in the park yesterday. He was
crivjr.g a spirited horse on the speed
track, when the animal took fright, ran
away and dumped the millionaire out of
his road cart just at the gates at the
cast entrance. Excitement followed the
report that Millionaire Bradbury had met
wuh an accident, but after the wreckage
5ia<2 been cleared away and the vhiUm
of the mishap had announced that he was
going hom* for supper matters quieted
oown.
Bradbury left his home, JSOO Van Ness
avenue, early in the afternoon to take a
drive to the Cliff. He sinned on his way
home about 4 o'clock, entered the speed
track and "let hie horse out." The horse
linaiiy "let a little further out." Bradbury
lost control of tho beast and was finally
dumped out. The- horse continued on its
mad run down the main drive. Mounted
Ofticer J. K. Kavanaugh and Policeman
Dow saw th^ horse coming, hurried to the
road and caught the runaway. The cart
was badly w:ecite<J. but upon Investiga
tion It was found that neither Mr. Brad
bury nor the horse were injured. After
viewing the wreck Bradbury said he
would take a car home.
Th* Bradbury accident' was the only
one reported during the day. The crowds
at the park and beach were unusually
large, as they were at the Chutes and
Sutro's Baths. At the Chutes the play
cf the juveniles was the feature.
Following are the results of the con
tests at Sutrc's Baths: Fifty-yard race—
H. Freeman fir?t, R. Grundy second. Un
drr-water pwlmming contest—A. Crasney
JirFt. J. Schusto second. Tub race^ — H.
Cross ftrFt. J. Carcus second. J. Schusto
third. One hundred yard raw — W. But
terworth lin?t. F. RJtler second. Spring
board diving-L. Bouldin first. C. Augus
tus second. High diving for boys— C.
Koyan first. F. Lyons second.
Through Play cf fortune He Escapes
Injury — Crowds Enjoy Outing
at Park, Cliff, Chutes and
Baths.
Millionaire's Horse Takes
Wild Run and Dumps
Him Out.
"BILL" BRADBURY
HAS A RUNAWAY
day It is certain that she must hav©
struck on one of these rocks and not on
Fort Point Rock, as claimed.
If she struck on one of these rock3,
then she must have backed Into deep wa
ter a few minutes and probably sank in
thirty 'or more fathoms of water. The
conflicting statements made by the sur
viving officers of the rfhlp ar.d the pil'jt
furnish no proof that the vessel ever
hung on the rock on which she struck.
Important Experiment Tried.
After the diver had made two more de
scents in the region where it was thought
the Rio had foundered. If she had struck
on one of the submerged rocks in the six
fathom depth, an experiment was tried
which resulted In an important discovery.
Second Officer Coghlan stated emphati
cally when testifying before Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger thit from the time the
Rio left the nlnc-fathom buoy to come into
port until the warning light of Fort Point
flashed up. just before the ship struck,
that. the direction of the course. was north
east and that It was never changed until
5:19 a. m., when a light flashed up one and
a half points on the starboard bow and
the vessel went on the rocks.
'Pilot Jordan testified that when he heft
the anchorag-e he" set a course northeast
from the lightship until he had the Point
Bonita fog signal on his beam. Then he
changed his course to nortoeast by north
and maintained it for fifteen minutes,
when he continued to naul north. -
The tug was placed in the two positions
indicated and showed that with the course
described by Coghlan the Rio must have
run ashore near Fort Point, while if sh-s
kept the pilot's course she must hare
cleared the red buoy and come safely in
side the bay. . * , -
Unable to Reach Mils Rock.
"Although the divers yesterday deslre.1
to meke descents in , the vicinity of Mile
Rock, where they think the vessel struck,
the captain of the. .tug'A.'ert stated .that
the current was too strong for them. to go
down there. If a descent is made at Mils
Rock it must be done lit the early morning
at slack tide.
On the full ebb tide yesterday- the diver
made a perilous trio. He went down fif
teen fathoms on the anchor of the flsh
lnp boat and the tMe was allowed to
drift the boat with the diver toward Mi) a
Rock. The diver remained down for fortv
five minutes and -finally, when the swirl
of the tide was reached after almost a
mile and a half had been traversed, It was
thouKht to be absolutely dangerous for
the diver to proceed further and he. was
ordered to come up.. . ..¦
The full ebb tide, running at seven'mlle»
an hour, made it impossible to go further
toward Mile Rock and the divers were
brought back to the city.
SOLDIEHS ARE INDIGNANT.
Men Looted the Wreckage.
Lieutenant Gardiner. Denies That the
The soldiers stationed at Fort Baker
indignantly deny that they secured a lot
Trapper** Oil cure» rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrufHst»,-50c flask. Richards & Co.. 401 Clay. •
Wedding invitations and visiting cards
engraved and printed. Correct forms and
moderate prices. Sanborn, A r ail & Co.,
711 Market su • . •
Good Effects in Framing.
The most charming effects in natural
wood mouldings in [ the dull Flemish and
polished finishes. Many new. tints In mat
boards recently added. Tiny blacks
grays, greens, mahogany and gilt mould
ings used for framing small pictures pro
duce beautiful gems for, wall decorations
at very reasonable prices. Sanborn Vail
& Co.. 741 Market st. ' •
Will Lecture on Trusts.
Professor Adolph C. Miller, professor, of
finance In the University of Chicago and
the University of California, will deliver
two lecture* on trusts In -the auditor
ium of the Y. M. C. A; building, corner
of Mason and Ellis streets. ( The first lec
ture, to be given Tuesday evening. March
5, will deal with the "Causes and Advant
ages of Trusts." The second, to be given
on Tuesday evening. March 12. will > deal
with the "Evils and Remedies of Trusts."
the large supply of eatables and drink
ables that have been provided.
The Incoming guests will be received
with all the honors of the Temple of Is
lam. The Palace Hotel will be head
quarters, although many Shriners will be
domiciled at other hotels.
The reception In the evening at the
Palace promises to be a most imperial
one. ' > .:
BOGAN AND LEVY CARRY
OFF HANDBALL MEDALS
The Olympic Club handball tournament
came to. a close yesterday.' H. W. Bogan
and Louis Levy carried off the hojpors of
the tournament and each will receive a
gold medal for his skill at the game. The
contests yesterday were the best played
during the tournament. The players had
battled their way through the matches
and the best men were pitted against each
other.
H. W. Bogan and T. J. Powers, both
handicap men, were too much for the
scratch men in the first class- and- won
first and second prizes, j Bogan defeated
Powers a few nights ago and it was
agreed that the first named would repeat
his victory to-day. The prophets were
not .wrong, .but were surprised at the
splendid showing Powers made . against
his cleverer opponent. Both men played
a stronc game and the spectators wera
kept in suspense. • Bogan assumed a lead
near the latter part of the contest and
by ¦ a terrific toss won out. Score 51-34.
Bogan will be awarded a gold medal and
Powers a silver medal. * <
•In the second class Johnson and Levv
were the contestants. On J Friday night
last Johnson put McLeod out of the run
ning in a - -, well-contested game. Yester
day afternoon Levy turned the tables on
Johnson and will be awarded first prize.
The game was even more exciting than
that of Bogan and Powers. Johnson took
the lead. Before half the game was over
he had 35 to Levy's 18. The latter pulled
himself together and managed to overhaul
his opponent. Levy then settled down to
work and mrfha£red to win the game.
Score 51-37. The victor will bo given first
prize and Johnson second.
William Cartwright and "Jack" Gleason
acted as referee and scorer respectively.
. At the San . Francisco handball courts
yesterday . the following games were
played:
A, Jacoby and M. Levy ;t 21 21
S.WVurkhelm and E. Levene..... 18 20 12
E.'McOlnty. and E.Barry 21 13 21 21
M. Kirby and E." Levene 16 21 19 15
D. Connelly and G. B. Hay ward 21 21 21
W. Fisher and M. Basch.. ........14 12 17
J. Glynn and T. Serree..,.. ;....21 21 18 21
\V. Johnson and F. Smith lg 13 21 19
P. McKinnon and M.- McLeod... 21 II 19 17 21
P. Mclntyre and G. McDonald.. 13 11 21 21 10
W. Walsh and T. Serres 14 is 21 21 21
E. White and C. Lakln 21 21 13 18 20
J. Collins (champion) and W. Williams 21 21 21
E. Curley and D. Connelly ..17 j2 15
J. Rtordan and J. White "...... ..21 21 17 ' 21
A. Hampton and J. Hbrlow 16.18 21 12
IMPRESSED by the work of the Jap
anese divers, who on Saturday tried
for many hours to locate the wreck"
of the Rio de Janeiro, The Call yes
terday placed every facility at the
disposal of the divers in the hope of their
being able to find the spot where the hull
of the ill-fated steamship is resting.
The powerful tug Alert and a large fish
ing boat, with the Japanese aboard, went
out early in the morning to the Golden
Gate and for many hours the divers made
descents In deep water, but without find
ing a trace of the Rio. Nautical experts
and the divers themselves think that the
Rio did not strike on Fort Point Rock,
but that she struck on Mile Rock, near
Point Lobos. On the day of the wreck
Pilot Jordan stated that the ship had
struck on Mile Rock, and this was the
Information sent all over the world. From
the fact that every possible spot near
Fort Point has been explored by the Jap
anese divers it seems almost incredible
that the ship could have struck near the
point.
The divers yesterday were able to work
with far greater ease than on Saturday,
as they had a large "Columbia River
boat," in which they had all their ap
paratus and could row around in the boat
instead of being towed. The first descent
was made by Hayakawa, the sixth of the
divers of the Mori' Company to search for
the RIo's hull. He went down in six and
a quarter fathoms of water at the spot
where on Saturday the sounding lead had
caught. and white paint had been brought
up on an anchor.'
On the run out to Fort Point the cap
tain of the Alert stated that he thought
he could place the divers right over the
spot where the wreck lay. He was given
a chance to do so by the representatives
of The Call in charge of the expedition
and brought his tug up to tho very spot
where the divers had on Saturday fouled
their sounding leads.
Uncharted Rocks Found.
Thls spot Is one mile southwest of the
fort in a direct line. The captain of the
tug entered the boat with the divers, and
when Hayakawa had been under water
five minutes the captain became excited
and cried: ...
"I think he has her; ho remains in one
spot a long time." ¦•• ¦
The diver remained ¦ down for twenty
flve minutes, the boat rowing in a direct
line toward the fort' and, reaching depths
from twelve to eighteen fathoms. The
diver proceeded on the bed of the Golden
Gate for more than half a mile and when
ho came up he reported no sign of the
wreck. Most important Information was,
however, gleaned by the descent. It was
learned that the ocean bottom was not
level there, as had been supposed, but that
it was full of big rocks, which at low
water might strike a ship I drawing as
much water as the Rio did. If the Rio,
being out of her course, passed In the di
rection in -which the diver walked vester-
MYSTIC SHRINERS
fi;L _ NEAR A NEW .OASIS
Honors of Islam Temple Will Be
Handed Out With Lavish
Hand. -
Every hotel In San Francisco was
crowded to Its capacity last night in an
ticipation of the arrival of the band of
Mystic Shriners now on the way from Los
Angeles. Many of the men who axe en
titled to wear the red flag but were not
privileged to Join the caravan arrived in
the city, bringing tneir wives and children
in order to assist in welcoming the im
perial potentate, Lon B. Wlnsor, at nooa
to-day.
That is to say. If the caravan does not
get sidetracked In the desert and every
thing goes well, the Shrlners will be en
time. Every arrangement has been made
for the comfort of the guests. Oases have
been established at various points alonj.t
the route, and the desert regions will hi
traversed at extra-camel speed, owlns i~
of valuable wreckage from the ill-fated
Rio de Janeiro. Lieutenant Gardiner has
made a thorough Investigation Into the
matter and says that there is no founda
tion for the story.
"A portion of a deck cabin' drifted into
Horseshoe Cove last Sunday morning,"
said the lieutenant yesterday, "and it^was
overhauled by a crowd of fishermen. They
were stripping it of everything valuable
when several of the soldiers put out in a
small boat and drove \ them ' off. The
wreckage was towed ashore and is now
on the beach. .
"One of the soldiers found a pair of
opera glasses, another a set of razors and
a third has a water pitcher. It is said to
be silver. I wouldn't want to buy it for
silver, however. Oh, yes, anpther of the
men has a cabinet photograph of one of
the survivors of the wreck."
F. J. Matheson, a. journalist of New
York City, who > came here- In the hope
of regaining the body of his brother," H.
Cripps Matheson, who went down with
the Rio de Janeiro, visited Fort Baker
yesterday, having heard that a valise be
longing to his brother had been washed
asnore. The soldiers knew nothing of it
other than they had heard that a resident
of Sausallto had recovered a valise. They
did not know the name of the finder.
Matheson is particularly anxious to find
the. valise, as it contains some valuable
papers.
.A dozen or more small boats hovered
around Horseshoe Cove yesterday, the
occupants believing that some of the
bodies might come to the surface and be
carried inshore by the tide. Yesterday
was the ninth day after the wreck and
the bodies of drowned persons generally
come to the surface on the ninth day.
The searchers were doomed to disappoint
ment, for 'When the sun went down none
of the bodlep had been seen.
WILDMAN'S MEMORY HONORED.
Dead Consul and - Family Eulogized
at St. Luke's Church.
-Touching tributes to the memory of the
late Consul Rounsevelle Wildman and
family, all of whom went down to death
In the wreck of the R.io de Janeiro, were
paid by Rev. Burr -Weeden at the me
morial services in St. Luke's Episcopal
Church yesterday afternoon. The services
throughout were of the most impressive
nature. ... . ., . -;:v-
Near the chancel, which was tastefully
banked with lilies and other floral pieces,
sat the- relatives of the family, and
deceased Consul, spoke feelingly of his
heroism in risking his life, possibly to go
back to the purser's safe to search for
tho papers of his Government, after hav
ing'placed his wife and little ones safely
into the lifeboat. He referred to Mrs.
Wildman as "that young woman whom
we all remember so dearly — so good In her
pure motHerhood," and of the children
he asked, "Are not they such as those of
the kingdom of heaven?" .
"The rod with which our Father smites
us is cut from the tree of life." said Rev.
Mr. Wecden. "It is only he who can hold
the soul to his breast and soothe it with
the lullaby of heaven.- The Lord says:
'These flowers. are mine.: I, planted them
and I pluck them.' Let us rejoice to-day
that paradise-, is gathering- up so much
that is attractive. These flowers are
needed there. Then when- we who are be
hind shall enter the gates of that para
dise—that flowery kingdom— and ask at
last for our loved and lost, how you and
I shall gather them up! Oh, how we shall
gather them up!"
EX- JUDGfi E. A. BELCHER
<':'JU\ • EXPLAINS AN OPINION
Divorced Couples May Bemarry at
Any Time Within Bounds of Pre-
vious Relationship.
The application of Mr. and Mrs. Frel
erick Meinhold j for a j license to remarry,
which was re/used by the County Clerk
under section 61 of the Civil Code and tho
Interpretation of, Judges Belcher and
Troutt regarding the laws of divorce, has
called from Judge - Belcher an indignant
protest. .He says: ,.; , ,
"There is a misapprehension as to uie
force and extent of the decision rendered.
In Woods vs. Woods it was held that
under the law of this State a divorced
person has no authority to marry a third
person, until one year, from the date of
the divorce, but lt:waj nof held that tho
parties to the divorce could not remarry
within the inhibited Dcriod." ™*-fj
CITY CHATJFFETJBS ON
CLIFF HOUSE BUN
The run of self-propelled vehicles out to
the Cliff House yesterday was the most
successful on the records of local auto
mobism. At least twenty-seven horseless
carriages were at the rendezvous at 11 In
the morning on Van Ness avenue near
Golden Gate, forming In line, with Presi
dent Rogers of the Automobile Club of
California leading in an electric vehicle,
the chauffeurs proceeded west on Golden
Gate avenue for a short distance, turned
and went down the avenue and Market
street to the Palace Hotel. On New Mont
gomery street they counter-marched, pro
ceeded thence up Market street and Gold
en Gate avenue to Devisadero street, and
thence out to the 'Panhandle, along Fell
street to Stanyan, up Stanyan tp McAllis
ter, down McAlllscer to First avenue,
along the avenue to Point Lobos avenue
and thence out to the Cliff House. At the
Cliff House a meeting was held, L. D.
Rogers of the Automobile Club " being
called to the chair. President Rogers
welcomed those present, and called upon
A. E. Brooke-Ridley, who spoke of the
progress made in the sport In the last
year. Charles C. Moore urged the neces
sity* of action witn regard to the use of
Golden Gate Park by the automoblllsts,
and at his suggestion the following were
appointed members of a committee to at
tend the next meeting of the Park Com
missioners: L,. D.* Rogers, president, and
A. E. Brooke-Ridle^' vice president of the
Automobile Club; Charles C. Moore, John
Brisben Walker Jr., W. H. Talbot, Byron
Jackson, E. Courtney Ford. W. H. Taylor,
E. L. Brayton and E. Anthony.
Mr. Lyons of the Automobile Club of New
York related the experience of chauffeurs
In that city, and recommended discretion
in dealing with the Park Commissioners.
All owners of horseless carriages and oth
ers Interested in automobilism are re
quested to appear before the Park Com
missioners at their next meeting on
Thursday night at the Park Lodge. -.
After refreshments had been served,
the chauffeurs proceeded homeward along
Point Lobos avenue to the Presidio, round
the reservation arid out at the Lombard
street entrance. The following went out
on the rvm: L. V D. Rogers and A. K.
Brooke-Ridley, Charles C. Moore and Ar
thur F. L. Bell of Los Angeles: G. W.
Baumhoff and wife, A. Aiken and wife,
Mrs. Dr. J. Francis Libby and E. C. Lan
dls, P. F. Rockett and wife. Charles E.
Anthony and Earle C. Anthony, of Berke
ley: W. H. Taylor and wife, of Oakland;
B. H. Taylor and Henry A. Foote, of Oak
land: James Keenan and E. E. Stoddard,
George P. Moore. E. P. Brlnegar, W. S.
Arnold and Arthur Inkersley, " R. R.
l'Hommedleu and Selby Oppenheimer, W.
>H. Talbot and wife, F. Ward and son, J.
Meyer and friend/ E. I*. Brayton and
brother. P. Duchein and son, W. "W. Poole
end J. Levy, Dorville Libby Jr. and wife.
Byron Jackson and Mr. Byer, A. F. Bar
ker and wife, Thomas Throwell and P.
Harry Rhodes, S. Hewson and friend, H.
T. McKnight and Dr. E. K. Johnstone. E.
Courtney Ford and George K. Hooper, W.
H. Deming and ,Chauncey M. St. John,
Mr. Moushardt and wife.
Next Sunday the chauffeurs will take
the Creek boat over to Oakland and will
run out to Haywards. , .
While numerous friends -.'and fellow
artists were preparing a grand perform
ance for the benefit of Jacob Mueller, the
pioneer musician, the aneel of death laid
its hands upon the Intended beneficiary
and removed him from the need of the
care and attention so freely volunteered
by the kind-hearted people who offered
their services. The death occurred at the
German Hospital yesterday- afternoon.
Though the various numbers
the programme at the benefit performance
were cleverly rendered, it was evident that
the hearts of the performers were not In,
their work. While the death occurred early
yesterday afternoon, it was not thought
advisable to break up th'e arrangements
made.'and but few or the audience knew
at tlrst that while they were convulsed
•with laughter or applauding vigorously
the one for whose benefit the performance
was .given was cold in death. When
the news finally became known through
out the hall the members of the audience,
most of whom were personally acquaint
ed with the deceased, were shocked be
yond expression, and throughout the
large gathering place could be heard ex
pressions of the deepest sympathy for the
widow, Inez Fabbri-Mueller.
The benefit was given last night at Na
tive Sons' Hall, and the number of peo
ple present was ample evidence of the
popularity of the unfortunate artist. The
performance opened with a one.-act farce
in German, after which selections were
rendered by the following well known and
clever people: Sidney Smith, Mr. Roland,
Irene Palmer, E. B. Adams, the Water
man sisters, William Hynes, Lillian Levy
and Queenie Tilton.
The "Operetta of Parquerete" was then
given, with the following named people In
the cast: C. Drawer, Kate Krleg, Minnie
Huff and Daisy Bishop.
While Performers Are Amusing
Audience, News of His Passing ¦
Spreads Through the
Hall.
Death of Jacob Mueller Re
moves Need of Earthly .
Care or Aid.
SHEER'S BENEFIT
COMES TOO LATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1901.
Search for Wreck of Rio de Janeiro Continued by The
Call Yesterday — Discovery of Uncharted Rocks Is
Cause for Belief That the Vessel Is Beyond Reach
among them Edwin Wildman, the brother
of the deceased, who came on from New
. York . to assist In the search - for the
bodies. The musical numbers consisted
of the. hymns "Abide With - Me" and
"Nearer, My God, to Thee," softly ren
dered by the choir, and a solo, "O Rest
in the Lord," suns by Miss Agnes Bur
gen.
Rev. Mr. jWeeden, In his eulogy of tho
DIVER MAKES PERILOUS TRIP
DRIFTING TOWARD MILE ROCK
DIVER PREPARES TO MAKE PERI
LOUS TRIP IN STRONG CURRENT
OF TIDE.
.1U
ADVERTISEMENTS.
These plates are made of a thin
metal, lighter than gold, and arc
less bulky than ordinary sets.
Chalmers Co,,
CREDIT. 133 Powell St, S. F.
$j0-° 0
A Meter Plate
MISSION GROCERS
SPECIAL SALE
TO-DAY, TUESMY AND WEDNESDAY.
PHOXE MISSION* ».
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, per sq. 32i3
R!ch Caver. Re*. 4Dc.
GOLD SWEET BUTTER, per square. . -25c
Aik to ee« this. Heg. 30c.
THE VERY BEST EGGS, per dozen 15c
Fancy Belected. Monday only.
MOTHER'S OATS, 2-lb-pkes. -4 ptes 25c
Reg. S for tSe. r
(HP, VERY BEST HAMS, per Ib 12-53
Eastern EUjar-cured. Htg. J4c.
Cnr Regular 6Cc per Ib TEAS, per lb.. 40c
C kinds. Extra special.
Macironl, Spaghetti or Vertnlcslll, perlbSc
TTils is cheaper than by the box.
RED SALMON, psr can IQc'
• Good eatlr.ff. Rep. 1214c.
SAKO SOAP. 8 cstes 25c
¦Good for scouring;. Reg-. 6 for 25c
Full weight. Quality guaranteed.
T.fl. CORCORAN & CO.,
1201 VALENCIA STREET, CORNER 23d.
ffik Q B C\ I CFk I*£ln * Rand Waterproof
| HH RHI& 1 Emckelest Powder. In bulk
l>| I Ell end loaded In ehellt. S*nd
SCH ilflf B 'or catalcirue of ¦portltiK
%& X& | V V0^ roods. GEO. VT. EHHEVE,
;S9 Market ft. •
T? T ,17 fj A NT
JtiwJ JLmm JLmm \*F\ JL JL A ™ JL - . . ; .- ¦ "
NOTE THE LOW PRICES.
GENUINE FRENCH POPLINS, width 43 inches,
a most comDlete line of new sprlnu
Price $1.00 Yard.
GENUINE ENGLISH WHIPCORDS, 46 Inches
In width, 12 different shades. .
Price $1.00 Yard.
FOULE TAILOR SUITINGS— A full varietu of
all the new mixtures and all summer :
WeigM ' Price $1.00 Yard.
FRENCH WOOL CREPE de CHENE, in shades
of Red, Blue, Graui Rose and Reseda, . ".-• ¦:
Price $1.00 Yard.
ENGLISH SATIN VENETIAN, full 52 inches
wide, in the following new shades \ Modes,
Graus, Greens, Rose, Garnet and Blues.
Price $1.25 Yard,
FRENCH SATIN VENETIAN, high Panne
finish, full 48 inches in width, in everu
desirable SDrino shade.
Price $150 Yard.
WOTC— Our complete importation of NEW
WASH SILKS for spring have heen re-
ceived. Theu come in all the leading
shades, also Pure White.
HI. !!3. 115. 117. 119. 12! POST STREET. !i^S'- J
flOLDBSHS. B0WE5 * CO'S SPECIAL 8171X8 SALS
SOLDBEBO. BOWEN A CO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Raisins
Imported— Malaga— . ore* ic\c
x lb carton— 4 & 6 crown -> «5 U^
S tuf fed olives
Teyssonneau — . *>r\n a trt-
stuffed with anchovies O
A p r i cots
In rich syrup — sliced — World o «,
brand— reg'ly 30c— 3 lb can 2 5 C
D e n t i f r i c e
Pinaud — reg'ly 40c bot — 2 6cc
French tooth wash bottles j
Bran bag
Vee-o-lay— French— *JLi*i
for the bath-reg'ly 25c ¦ 2 O C (
Parlor duster
Assorted colors— • .. . ,5 -/-.
reg'ly 35C — soft feathers 2 5>*
Dust pan
Dust brush
Made to last— . \ rr .
reg'ly 60c set 45>.
Listerine
Lambert— ¦-'- . gf C
large bottle j^i f
'Eggs
The kind to boil — dozen T 0f%
4)3 Pine 232 Sntter 2800 California San Fraociscai
Thirteenth and Clay Stress Qaklarfcl
Broken
Eyeglass
J>nses replaced for 50 cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for f l.OO
and 91.SO. ' . ¦
Guaranteed correct and best quality. . ¦ ¦.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory <m
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala .IS. .
642 Market 5t. instrument*
u*0£» cmhowcie Bwn.3iN&. CATALOGUE Fff'C.
DR.MCOTLTY.
rr»HIS WfclX-KNO WK ASD It F.LI A BLK OLD
X Hp*cha.'.'.*lcnrrx Blood Poison, Oonorrhcsa.Gleet,
s trlcturc, aeni Inal Weakness, Impotence and their
•Hied Disorders. Kook on Diseues of Men. free.
Ov^rlOyen rV-xperenc*. Terms reasonable. Hoars
9to3daIly;8:.T0to8.30eT'Bs.Hund*rs,10toi2.-C«insnl-
tatiou freeandsacredly confidential. Can of addxesa
P. ROSCOE MeXCLTY, 31. D.
Stft 3>a Kearny St.. £»au FraurUco, C&l^
D>R PIERCES
CsOELE&lEKI
MEDICAL ¦ ••;¦-;¦
DISCOVER?
FOR THE
I BLOOD.UVER.LUMGS.
P I FT I"! n V A I Corner Fourth ami
CAFE ROYAL ss&h^
be. urercoats and 1
Tau»es cnecjtefl ireo ,/
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
BQWEN
CO
• »
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea
Osr regular 50c quality— a r\n
10 varieties * -4- u^'
Goo s c — 1 iver
Teyssonneau— reg'ly 25c can— onn
puree de foies gras u^
Lucca oil
1 G B & Co— Sublime— " r '
re g'ly 55c quart bottle J u *-
Mushrooms
F LeCourt — f 22 T C
reg'ly 25c can a
M a pi e syrup
Hazen— £ gallon can — C\r\r*
reg'ly 6sc-best In the world ° ° c
Buckwheat
Eastern— 10 lb sack— j^r\^
reg'ly 75c 00C
Cinger ale
Cochrane & Co— Belfast— 4i-^ c
reg'ly $1 50 dozen * J-5
Ri.pe olives
Grown and cured at Oroville by Mr.
Louis Glass— flavor unexcelled—
$3 bucket-r-a particular treat to lovers
of whole ripe olives — Greek variety
Smyrna figs
Choice London layers — T rr inr
reg'ly 20c and 25c lb ¦ 1 J C ZOC
¦ u a. v^ u 11
Ferris — the finest made — 1 8 f C
reg'ly 20c lb a
L em o n s
Thin skin— juicy— t rr
reg'ly 25c dozen x D c
Art i c h o k e s
Dunbar— just the heart— one
reg'ly 25c can— try them w *-
Sardines
Imported— IO C 1 7,C
reg'ly. I2$c and 25c can ' a
J a m s 1
Honey Dew— _. IOC
reg ly 12JC 1 lb can
Ol d Tom g in
D C L-fuIl quart- Q - r
reg'ly $1 °5 L
Whi sky
DCL-Scotch- ' 8CC $1 10
res'ly $1— $1 50 bot J - r «>
»4 50— $6 gallon . £^ §~
P e a s
World brand— 1 Ib can— to 1 !"
¦¦¦¦¦/¦. /extrafcif ted— reg'ly 15c *
ADVERTISEMENTS.