It is by means of hypnotism that many
of the attributes and powers of tha sub
conscious intelligence have been ascer
tained, and the most convincing proofs ef
dual personality are found in hypnotla
demonstrations.
Proofs of the theory of dual personality
are frequently noticed in the daily press.
A man disappears and months afterward
be Is heard of In the Philippines, whole
be Is a soldier. Through some psychic
change his personality changed; In the
changed state he enlisted, in time bis
original self returns and he Is ignorant it
bis whereabouts or how he arrived there.
His Ufa as a soldier is a blank. Such
cases or similar ones are chronicled every
day.
Investigators in this direction call tha
everyday mind the abjective mind. and.
the intelligence that lies deeper the sub
jective mind. The secondary entity has
also been called the second self, the sub
conscious or subawaklng mind; the sub
liminal self; the submerged ego. It has
been shown that this secondary mind
Is identical with the intelligence mani
fested in hypnosis.
Somnambulism furnishes a multitude of
facts to prove the theory of a secondary
Intelligence. The sleep-walker will aril*
tad with pen and paper perform mental
tasks that his everyday personality could
sot possibly perform, and in many ways
tha somnambulist will give evidence that
ha Is guided by an intelligence having dif
ferent powers and capabilities from the
normal everyday entity. The doings of
sleep-walkers are most marvelous and
almost beyond belief. '
What proof exists that a dual person
ality dwells within the human frame?
6oma of tha reasons for the theory of
dual personality will be briefly noted.
Suppose it is important that you should
arise at an unusually early hour; you re
tlra with this thought uppermost in your
mind and fall asleep. "When the hour for
arising arrives you awake with a start.
This has happened many times in '< tha
lives of each of us. What is it that
promptly awakens the sleeper .at or near
a certain hour? Only one explanation
can be found in all tha pages of-learn
ing. It is the subconscious personality.
But how can this mysterious personality
tell the time when all the senses ara
sealed in slumber?
Automatic writing Is mentioned as
another proof of the existence of a" dual
entity. The hand grasps a pencil or rosts
lightly on a planchette. Often, without
any volition on the part of the operator,
the pencil -traces - curves, lines, letters,
words and sentences; questions - are
answered and many evidences ara given
of a controlling mind distinct from that
of the operator. This experiment has been
repeated by thousands of observers, and
tha question naturally arises, what
directs tha movement of the pencil or
planohette? The only rational answer lO
that the plancbette is controlled by *
secondary self independent of the normal
mind. • - -¦'
Tha theory of dual personality, if proven
true, will overturn many of the old-time
Ideas of ' religion, accountability, mental
philosophy and medicine; codes, will have
to ba remodeled, and many of tha aocept
«d Ideas on cognate subjects will need to
be reconstructed. But no one need be
alarmed. The sum of human happiness
will not ba decreased, nor will the, torch
•f truth be dimmed, nor the world's pro
gress Impeded. The discovery of a new
law of being may sweep away a few dop-'
mas and musty creeds, but no real dam
age will ba done.
Only a brief outline can be here at
tempted, and those who care- to further'
follow this strange theme are referred to
tha writings of Hudson, Binet, Sldit, My
ers and others who have devoted years ta
the unraveling of this mystery of being. ,
fpHROUGH all ages personality ha*
I been considered to be unchanging
I and continuous, and society to-day is
JL established on the theory that per
sonality is changeless; yet thera
have arisen investigator* in psychic
realms who state that at least two dis
tinct entities dwell within every human
breast; that your body is tenanted by you
and your other self. By this it is not
xneant that one has a good and a bad na
ture, but what is meant Is that in addi
tion to the every day personality, as ego
with its goodness and badness, there
dwells in the human frame another be
ing or personality that rlls a separata
mind, with distinct ; memory, feelings,
emotions, etc This means that two dis
tinct beings Inhabit each body. However
hoierodox, however startling and however
uncanny this theory may appear, there Is
In my mind no lack of evidence to sub
stantiate the same, , • > ¦
" Continued on Page Two.
blank. If 'Twoey' appeared at soon - on
Tuesday; and -remained, until .Thursday
night, when she would disappear, and No.
- 1 resume her own consciousness and Ufa.
. she would commence on Tuesday, noon
where that consciousness was interrupt
ed. The intervening time -to. her. was a
blank. No. 2, however, while having, her
own distinct : life, i knew also the lifeVof
No. 1' but only as a distinct, personality;
entirely separated from herself. No. 1 also
• came to know 'Twoey' by the description
_. given. by-Others and by. the change in her
own personal belongings and affairs
which! she saw- had been effected during
her absence. ; The two ' personalities bet
came great friends. No. 2 admired No. 1
: for her. superior knowledge, her patience
in suffering and the lovely qualities which
she recognized, and she willingly took her
: place In order to give her rest and. as it
seemed, the possibility of living at, all.'
.Iso. 1 'also became fond of Twoey' on ac
; count of the "loving care which she be
. stowed upon her and her affairs and for.
• the witty sayings. and sprightly and per
. tinent conversations which were reported
¦ .' to her and which she greatly enjoyed.
"Twoey' seemed, to have the power of
go:rg and coming at. will. She often left \
communications to No. 1, mostly written
Uorshe became able .to write In her. pe
culiar, dialect— :very difficult to decipher),
. telling; her, what had been dene in her ab- -\
i sence. 'where she would find certain things
..." v or advising her when she deemed it necea
!:.sary;iand her. advice was always sound
' and to the point.". .
-' "Under -an entire ; chanse in medical
¦*: treatments-change of scene and air and
. the use of animal magnetism and hypnot
-'; . ism— health ' and normal conditions were
*. restoretf.'and 'Twoey's' visits became only
¦¦• occasional,' under circumstances, of' ex
treme fatigue or mental excitement, when
that point.- To No. 1 the existence, of any
second personality was entirely unknown
by any conscious experience, and tha Uma
which Twoey' occupied was to her a
her own personality had been Interrupted
and resumed her ordinary .life exactly at
ness, she commenced at the. place whera
"The new personality would usually re
maln only a few hours, but,, occasionally,
her stay was prolonged to several days*'
and then the' normal self — the No. 1 of
Twoey' — returned with '. all her intelli
gence, patience and womanly quail tias,
but also with the weakness and suffering;
which characterized her illness.
"No. 1 and No. 2 ('Twoey') were appar
ently in every respect separate and di»
tlnct personalities. Each had her own
distinct consciousness and distinct train
of thought and memories.
"When No. 1 was absent and Twoey* !
took her place, on resuming her conscious-
take food, and had comparatively a good
' degree of strength. She called herself
»'Twoey,*»nd the normal or usual person
ality she always referred to as 'No. 1/
. Efcs possessed none of the acquired
knowledge of the primary personality,
but was bright and greatly interested in
the matters going on about her, in family
affairs, * and . everything which pertained
to \ the comfort and well-being of No. 1.-
est of all, she was free from pain, could
From among the . many cases where a
dual personality has been clearly man!- '
tested two interesting and well-known
cases will be given. The first is that of.
AlmaZ. .
Dr. Osgood Mason In the Journal of
Nervous and Mental Diseases, September,
1833, reports . the following Interesting;
case, given in a recent book by Professor
Sidis: "Alma Z. has been under my ob
servation during the past ten years. , la
childhood she was remarkable for her in
telligence and unusual endowments. Up
to her eighteenth year she was in robunt
health, excelling all her companions not
only In intellectual attainments but also
. in physical culture, being expert in gym
nastic exercises, skating and athletlo
sports generally. At that time, owing to
¦ overwork in " school, -physical condi
tions /.made" their appearance. In- .
'- stead . of y the educated, thoughtful,
dignified, womanly personality, worn.
S with ; illness and pain. . there , appeared a
"VfightT 'sprightly child personality, with a
limited vocabulary, ungrammatical an<V
peculiar dialect* decidedly Indian in char
acter, but, as used by her, most fascinat
ing and amusing. The intellect wa»
bright and shrewd, her manner lively and
good-natured, and her intuitions were re
markably correct and quick; but, strang-
Scientific records contain many cases of
dual personality that have been carefully
studied. French scientists have taken
the lead In Investigating- this question and
have patiently labored for facts in a
realm shadowy, weird , and mysterious—
the border land of the unknown. This
subject has a practical bearing and in
vestigations along this line will probably
unravel many curious and puzzling com
plications. There are diseases of the body.
«f the mind, and there are psychological
disorders that disturb the foundations ©f
being and mar the warp and woof of
human personality.
A thus becomes a. mind reader, a clairvoy
ant, or medium, or messiah, according to
, Inclination, education or circumstances.
• Here arises another phase of the mys
,tery\. Does the so-called second self ever
take possession of the body and u»urp tha
place of the ruling entity? Does anybody-,
else ever inhabit my body? And. If so.
.where do I go to? -Am I responsible for
the acts of my other self? Is a person
< , always responsible for the acts of bla
body? V ; y . .
These questions bring up a most start-,
ling and deeply interesting theme. It is
possible that this theory may throw light
on some puzzling occurrences. Take klep
tomania, for example. According to tha
theory under discussion, kleptomania la
a psychical disease in which. at certain
times the normal entity is set aside and
a stranger temporarily occupies the
.throne of reason and will. It Is believed
'that this usurpation, of the throne of will
often occurs, but generally It , Is never
suspected 'unless the new tenant of th«
'brain commits some overt act such '*»
stealing.
This is known as te'epathy. .Suppose in
the case cf A that his objective and nor
mal intellects can communicate freely
the one with the other: now suppose his
secondary mind receives a telepathic com
munication from the secondary mind " of
eome distant person. This Is communi
cated to his objective or. conscious . mind.
In some persons communications be
tween the objective and subjective minds
can be carried on without difficulty. Any
fact received by the subconscious mind
can be communicated to the normal or
conscious mind. Now authorities " state
that subconscious minds can communicate
with each other at any distance by some
¦unknown kind of wireless telegraphy.'
Some i>ersons are so constituted that It
is impossible for the second self to make
any demonstration that may be recog
nized by the everyday mind; in others
the secondary entity is very often in evi
dence.
In the discussions concerning: the pow
ers cf the subconscious intelligence the
reader may be astonished by- the claims
made by investigators, but both the Lon
don and Boston Psychical societies have
Issued reports showing careful and scien
tific research on this question and- the
conclusions of these societies cant hardly
be doubted.
The character of the subconscious ege
differs in diffrent persons. There Is as
much difference in subconscious minds as
in normal minds.
ARE THERE TWO OF YOU?
SUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION"Gradually, however, she became accus
tomed and reconciled to her new role and
"Later on, however, the No. 2 condition
or personality began to return with great
er frequency, but at length one night
'Twoey' announced that she would soon
take her departure, but that another vis
itor would come to take her place. Pres
ently an alarming attack of syncope oc
curred, lasting several hours, and . when
consciousness did at last return it was
represented by a third personality, entire
ly new and entirely distinct, both from
the primary self and also from the
•Twoey* -with whom we were so well ac
quainted. The new personality at once
announced itself as 'The Boy,' and that
it had come in the place of 'Twoey' for
the special aid of No. 1; and for several
weeks, whenever this third personality
was present, all its behavior was entirely
consistent with that announcement.'
they were welcome to the patient and
enjoyed by her friends. Two years later
the patient married, and became a: moist
admirable wife, and intelligent and 'effi
cient mistress of the household.
new surroundings, and adapted herself
with most astonishing grace. to the duties
of wife, mother and mistress of the house',
though always when closely questioned
she persisted seriously ' in her original
declaration that she was 'The Boy.' The,
personality was of much more broad and
serious type than that of the frolicsome
•Twoey,' and while entirely separated In
consciousness and personality from No. 1,
she was much nearer to her in general
outline of character.
"The acquired book, knowledge of No. 1
—the Latin, mathematics and philosophy
acquired at school— were/entirely wanting
in the new personality; ' the . extensive
knowledge of general literaturef— the whole
poems of Tennyson, Browning and 'Scott
which No. l" could repeat by heart, also
her perfect familiarity with the ; most
beautiful and poetic portions , of : the
Bible— all these were entirely lacking in
this personality. .In a general knowledge
of affairs, however, in the news of the
day from all over the world, and in cur
rent literature, she at 'once became thor
oughly interested and thoroughly intelli
gent, and the judgment -was ; keen and
sound. SI>e took the greatest" delight iv
every kind of amusement— the theater and
ARE THERE TWO OF YOU?
Continued from Page One.
"The peculiar and Interesting Incidents
which diversified tnese different states of
consciousness would fill a' volume. : No. 1,
when- in her condition of greatest weak
ness, would occasionally ' astonish ' her
listeners by announcing to them some
event which they had kept profoundly
secret from her. For instance: 'You need
not.be so quiet about It, I have seen it all.
Mrs. C. died the day before yesterday.
She is to be buried to-morrow;' or,- 'There
has been a death' over in such. and such a
street.,,, .*. ¦ ..¦.,.¦: ~ > \. ¦. . ¦• , .
"Who is it that, died? 'Twoey's 1 sagac-
"Of the preceding personalities she was
fully cognizant, and had great admiration
and affection for them both. She would
listen to no disparaging remarks concern-
Ing 'Twoey,', and her admiration for No. 1
was unbounded. Neither nor No.
3 ever seemed anxious to continue , and
prolong their visits/but, on the contrary,
were always desirous that No. 1 should
regain her health sufficiently to get j on
without .them; and i they referred | with
much I feeling to the causes which pre
vented it. ;
literary and musical entertainments/and
her criticisms of performances and of
books were Independent, acute and reli
able. At the same time her househoM
affairs and her interest in them and all
subjects pertaining to . the family wore
conspicuous. •
' "When; the 1 No. 3 personality had per
sisted for a considerable period—weeks,
for instance, at a time, as It has some
times, done— the temporary return of No.
1 under the influence of some 1 soothing
"In.this condition she has often carried
on ' conversations .with entire strangers
] and - entertained guests at -iable without
having it once suspected that, all the while
she could not near a sound' of any sort.. I
have myself seen, her sit and attend to the
reading of a new* book simply by watch-
Ing the. lips of, the reader, "taking in every,
.'word and sentiment, and laughing heart
ily at the funny passages, when I am per:
.fectly. sure she could not have heard a
plstol'shot at. her ear. • . .
ity, amounting almost to prevision, /was
often noticed,; and many a time the ne
glect to be guided by her premonitions
was deeply regretted. ; 'The Boy/ or No. 3,
frequently exhibited peculiar perceptive
powers.. At times the sense of -.hearing
would be entirely lost, so that the most
violent noises* close to her ears,. and when
perfectly unexpected, failed to startle or
disturb her In the slightest degree, al
though usually she was easily startled by
even a slight, sudden or unexpected noise,
tinder these circumstances she had a pe
culiar faculty of perceiving what was said
>by watching the lips of the speaker*,
though .ordinarily neither 6he nor the
primitive self had any such faculty.
• E. ELLSWORTH CAREY. .
"I had hoped by suggestion to run the
two personalities into one and make the
memories continuous, but. no artifice
would avail to accomplish this, and Mr.
Bourne's skull to-day still covers two dis
tinct personal selves."
"This was all that was known of the
case up to June 1, 1S90, when I induced
Mr. Bourne to submit to hypnotism, so
as to see whether in the hypnotic trance
his Brown memory (Brown self-conscious)
would come back. It did so with surpris
ing readiness— so much, indeed, that it
proved quite impossible to make him
while in hypnosis remember any of the
facts of his normal life. He had heard of
Ansel Bourne, 'but did not know as he
had ever met the man.' When confronted
with Mrs. Bourne he said that he had
never seen the woman before. On . the
other hand, he told us of his peregri
nations during the last fortnight and gave
all sorts of details during the Norristown
episode.
able part of the change is. of course, the
peculiar occupation which the so-called
Brown Indulged to. Mr. Bourne has
never in his life had the slightest contact
with trade. ] Brown was described by the
neighbors as taciturn, orderly In his habits
and in noway queer. He went to Phila
delphia several times; replenished his
stock; cooked for himself in the back
shop, where he also slept; went regular
ly to church; and once at a prayer-meet
ing made what was considered by the
hearers a good address, in the course of
which he related an incident he had wit
nessed in his natural state of Bourne.
The next . case , to which Attention will
be called is that of Rev. Ansel Bourne.
This is a well known case and has been
carefully : studied; , every point in connec
tion therewith having been thoroughly In
vestigated^ Hudson gives a detailed state
ment* of this case in his "Law of. Psychic
condition or pleaslag sentiment or emo
tion has been beautiful to witness. I saw
this transformation once while sitting
with her in a box at the .Metropolitan
Opera-house. Beethoven's concerto in C
major was ' oh ¦ the programme. • In- the
midst of the performance I ' saw the ex
pression of her countenance change; 'a
clear, calm, softened look came into the
face as she leaned back in her chair and
listened to the music with the most in
tense'enjoyment. , I spoke a few words to
her at the close of the number, and she
replied in the soft and musical tones pecu
liar to her own normal condition, and I
recognized without the slightest doubt the
presence of, No. 1. A few minutes later
her : eyes closed;, presently, she drew two
or three short, quick respirations;* again
her countenance changed, and No. 3 was
back again. She turned hex", head to me
and said, 'So No.' 1 came back to hear her
favorite concerto?* . I replied, 'Yes; and
how did you knowjt?' 'Oh, I was here
and listened to it too^\ .'Where' were you?'
I asked. , 'I sat on the front of the box; I
saw you ' speaking | to - her. j How j greatly
she enjoyed the' music!" And* then she
went on listening ; to the music and com
menting upon the programme in the usual
discriminating manner of No. 3."* .¦ ..
"The j first two weeks of; the period re
mained ~ unaccounted for. as he had no
memory, after he had resumed his nor
mal , personality, '; of | any part of the time
and no one, who knew him seems to have
seen him after he left home. The remark-
Phenomena," but a more condensed ac
count by another authority is here given:
"On January 171 1SS7, Rev y Ansel Bourne
of Green, R. I., an itinerant preacher,
drew $550 from a bank in Providence with
which to pay for a certain lot of land in
Greene, paid certain bills, and got into a
Pawtucket horse car. This is the last In
cident he remembers. He did not return
home that day. He was published in the
papers as missing, and, foul | play being
suspected, the police sought In vain his
whereabouts. On the morning of March
14, however, at Norristown, Pa., a man
calling himself A. J. Brown, ' who had
rented a small shop six weeks previously,
stocked it .with stationery, confectionery,
fruit and small articles, 1 and carried on
this quiet trade without seeming to any
one uunnatural or eccentric, woke up in a
fright and , called . in the people" of the
house to tell him where he was. He said
that his name was Ansel Bourne, that ha
was entirely ignorant of Norristown, that
he knew nothing of shopkeeping, and that
the last, thing he remembered— it seemed
only yesterday— was drawing money from
the bank in/ Providence. .He would not
believe that two months had elapsed. The
people of the house thought him insane.
Soon his nephew came and took hira
home. He had such a horror of the camTy
store that he refused to set loot in it
again.' ¦-..-I;'-."'; -.-'-'£> -.-.\i: ''-;.: ¦-¦ •: •
Perhaps this has something to do with
her not having been born blind. Perhaps
She gets the most out of her wheel, her
studying, her writing, her music, her
cards; her occasional visits to city thea
.ters. But even so she isn't living enough
—not half enough. She wants to do every
thing; she, chafe3 under restrictions. She
is liked by young people, and she wants
to be free to have her fun. Boys ask her
to ride and drive with them just as they
ask any girl. She wants to go, juat as
any girl does. She wants all the fun that
life holds.
"I love to hear them rave," she said after
Billee had met his rival in the foyer. And,
mourning at the death, "I do wish Billee
had come back after, she died so that he
could have raved seme more." .
After the first entrance of each charac
ter, upon which we told her his name, she
recognized him as quickly as anybody.
She had a chuckle ready for Zou-Zou, a
hardening for Svengali, a warmth for
Trilby. '/..'.
between ac*a. "Aren't they ridiculously
methodical?"
She remembers nothing of them, though.
When her mother asks, "Can't you re
member anything about how I look?"
"Not a thing," she says. "I Just Imaglns
how you look."
'Don't you wonder what those imagin
ings look like?. Those fanciful figures that
she calls up be/ore her to correspond with
voices that she knows?
She i3 keen to form her 'pictures of
every one she meets. I hadn't been with
her half an hour before she had round
aboutly got at my age by a circuit re
lating to how long I went to college and
when I left. She seemed a little djsap
pointed when she got at the truth, for she
said "I looked younger even than that."
Then she asked me how much I
weighed. "You look heavier than 115."
It's a queer world she lives in, isn't it?
in those tint precious ttr years or ser
life before it happened— It came about in
a child's quarrel, when, a little brother,
in unrecklng, childish fury, struck her—
perhaps in those few years the lov* of
living came to her and has never disap
peared. ;'
She has learned to love the tar weed
and the dry wild grain as keenly as the
artist eye ever does, and she loves it with
a sense of which the esthetes of our world
have barely learned the possibilities as
yet. . . -. ._..'¦¦
"The road is pretty hard from San Jose
to Los Gatos— that is. not hard, but hilly.
It's a beautiful road— the air is. fine and
you can smell so many nice things. That's
because of the plants and flowers, and
just the open fields smell good at this
time of year, don't you think so?"
"We got to San Jcse in time for lunch,"
I heard her saying when I- came back
after a mental digression. . "We went to
the hotel, and weren't we hungry! I
never was so hungry. Then we rested
and didn't start for Los Gatos until late
in the afternoon. So you see we could
have made the whole distance in much
less time. We weren't trying at all.--
Evidently there was a restraining hand
somewhere about and a restraining hand
is above all things what Helen Mjas'ow
detests. She wants to go to New York;
she wants to teach music; she wants to
go anywhere, do anything, only to Be
free. She is young, feverish of tempera
ment, in a hurry— In such a mad, reckless
hurry to live. The affliction which has
made negatives of so many who might
otherwise have been alive has had the
exactly opposite effect upon her. It has
irritated and lashed on her temperament
to a higher pitch than it would otherwise
have reached.
"We didn't try to make good time— we
weren't out to beat any records. We were
just off for an outing— a grood time. And
we had it. I want to make the trip again.
And the next time I'm not coming home
on any train. I'm going to wheel back.
I could have . done it then, I know I
could." i ¦".•¦''•
silly, after going all those miles in fine
shape? ¦•
She has done her studying so far at the
Institution for the Deaf andVDumb and
Blind. This year she will enter the High
School, taking the last year of its course.
Then the university.' '•;'¦ • ' •'..-.'
Helen's wheeling is her only athletic
pursuit. This is not^fqr'lack of ambition.
Think of the keen eye that golf, tennis
and shooting call for. They would be im
possible. So she wraps herself up in her
wheel when it is vacation. The rest of the
year she studies.
She wanted no help about^her wheel.
She is mistress of it and tolerated no
caprices of its quick wheels. She asked
a question or two about the;, ground
whither we had led her, and that was all.
She does her own mounting. In fact, she
often rides alone for a few blocks and
would do so much more if it were not
for the ogre "Must not." i
She has a right to demand a perfect
fit, with that high-instepped foot of hers.
Indeed she is beautifully formed in every
respect. She is an American-born Ger
man girl, and .she has the full curves that
are German and the litheness that is not.
" Seeing the way it became her reminded
me of something her mother had told
me. "Helen always does her own shop
ping. She won't, let us pick out a thins
for her. And she's lots more particular
than my other girls ever 'think of being.
She' feels of the goods Vud. if the quality
doesn't suit her she won't have it- "Ami
as to shoes, she'll try, on nearly, every
pair in the store before she gets what
she wants. She feels of every part and
insists on having a perfect fit."
"There. I forgot my hat. Would you
¦ mind, please? It's the one on the hall
rack, the big Manila straw."
5!:£ Tsso independent, so self-sufficient,
.{hat-^when' we -left the house and went
'out 1 : under' the. .'live; oak*, tree to , take her
-photograph on. the-.wheel,'.I was surprised
at the child-like way that "she "reached
for my hand and confidently snuggled her
own into it. It is this very mixture of
dependence and ; . independence 'that mak^s
her charming, anyway, just as it does all
women. . '
"We didn't have a single accident of
any kind. Not a puncture, not a bump.
After I got home I fell and bumped my
self within a block of home. Wasn't that
"We started out at 5 o'clock In the
morning so as to get a good start in the
cool part of the day. And the weather
was on our side. It was cloudy— lovely
and cool— and the sun never rose until 9
o'clock. So we put in some good riding
at the start.
She talks fast and nervously, "looking"'
always 6traight ahead. Except for the
latter habit you would not think but
she saw Her voice, her elocu
tion, have the light and shade of under
etanflins that are almost unknown in
those whoso minds are imprisoned like
hers.
HEX.EX MASQW. that wenderfm J
year-old blind girl over in* Berke
u o ley who sees far more than mos
people \i ho think they eee; has
rr.rVe a journey that goesTcn record along
ttllh the doings of He'.en Kellar.
She has wheeled all the way from her
heme to Los Gatos and the trip was made
without mishap in thirteen hours.
"Who v.ent with you?" I asked her.
"A man," she said. "A friend of papa's.
I couldn't get any girl to go along. The
girls all said it would be too hard a trip.
I wouldn't have said it was hard if it
had killed me. I don't mind getting
killed, but I won't back down."
I began then to suspect what I proved
later— that she is game.
It also began to dawn upon 'me why,
v "ier. I had called upon her mother to ask
h< r permission to interview Helen, she
1-ad said. "I'll ask Helen If she will see
you. I'll do what I can for you."
"But it didn't kill me," she went on,
"and it didn't come near it. It was .no
mere than a good ride and I was only a
little tired— a very little tired— when it
was over. Be sure^ and say that, won't
you? Only a little tired. And don't make
it sound as if I had done something great,
because I haven't There was nothing to
it. I get so tired of having people make
euch a fuss about It as If I did some
thing to make a fuss over, and I didn't."
. "Not/papa"alpne," she added. "I'm sort
of a corresponding secretary for the wholi
¦family." ' wl .
..There at the typewriter which she uses
rapidly she makes her headquarters much
of the time. "Papa and I like the room
because it's so sunny," she said.
¦ She is Quick to notice sunshine and
shade.
We had a try at cribbage before I left
. that afternoon, and my pegs plodded on
vainly behind hers as they galloped.
That isn't, saying much, for my only
practice at cribbage dates back- a long
way to the time when I was a good little
girl and used to play a game with my
aunt in the too short time between din
ner and going to bed. But Helen's»repu
tation as a winner extends among really
expert cribbage players.
She is punctilious in matters of cut
ting and dealing. When she has her cards
in hai^d she feels them over carefully un
til she knows every one. • They are a
marked pack, and;'so deftly marked that
none but herself can feel the tiny pricks
she has made in the corners of their faces
as cabalistic signs to herself. \ She has
used six dots in different arrangements.
After she has these in mind she-lays the
cards out on the table, in a row, face
down. She knows them by their position.
Then. she is ready to play..
She" has a solitaire game as well that
helps her pass the time. —
The theater is another of her amuse
ments. .¦ .
When she told me this I thought she
meant opera.* What could she enjoy of a
performance except the music?
1 "No, I don't mean opera,'! she replied
crisply. "It is the thtater I like, .melo
drama especially. I don't care for com
edy." ¦'"'.•
v.She is not, at 17,. at a humorous age,'
which /probably accounts for this.
"Trilby"' was running then at the Cen
tral and she went with me to "see" it.
She was by far the most interested in the
party.
"What amuses me most is that old
couple," she commented on' the Bagots
Everybody .in and around Berkeley
knows what her playing and singing are;
She is always in demand for entertain
ments: "Her music, is nbt excellent for a
blind girl," somebody once told me; "it is
excellent for any girl of her age." ; *V
The great secret of Helen Masow's mu
sic is that she feels it herself.
Her music is such as all the blind use—
a cipher of punctures on heavy paper,
looking like the perforated patterns of a
kindergarten. She reads this over a very
few times,; plays from it, memorizes it.
Once learned, her music is never forgot
ten.^
When she led me up stairs to her
father's study she stepped ahead to close
the door, of a room, where the children
had been playing. ."It looks so disorderly
in there," she said. "I am ashamed to
have you see it.",
She had already "seen" the disorder and
it bothered' her. • That was, one of the
many little things, from which I deduced
that she sees more than' a great many
two-eyed people. ' "...
"Here's where papa 'does. his work," she
said, "and here's where I help him."
She pointed out the typewriter desk.
¦•''¦•¦ \
Vfr-ciw -'ii •" *•—¦¦-
• "Or perhaps 1 shall'put offethc univer
sity aHittlej ionger.^she said.i ''You know,
time doesn't <count*to me." '4 • v '-' ' '<*: "
7 They were "the only bitter -or -self-pityfng
words-I ( ever heard her utter; she is so
game. .She may be seething within— she
Is at.times I know, for it couldn't be oth
erwise with, a girl who has learned to
think as far as she has. But she is, above
all. things,- game. ; ' •
She will -do more than take a 'varsity
course. She will study music further and
further, and she may*even teach it some
day. She- has had instruction at the in
stitution, and now she is ready for other
masters. • , . .
"I don't; ; practice any more," she says;
"I'm too lazy.",;
Which is the same bluff that. all ambi-.
tious, nervously energetic people run. Just
as every lazy' man wiil tell you how over
worked he is.
THE I SXJND AX- : - OALI^:
2
CALIFORNIA'S
MOST
REMARCABLE
BLIND
GIRL"I forgot to say," said a picturesque
mountaineer in khaki, "that . on a clear
day you can see all the* Coast Range for
hundreds of miles— Loma Prleta's high
top, the Cliff House, and of ' course* San
Francisco and all the Islands of £he bay."
Down one-ridge'and up 'another. • That
was the initial experience of the tramp
crs, and it was constantly repeated during
several hours. The several features of
Miie landscape of tbfe wilderness revealed
themselves even more favorably on close
than at a distanced For some
time the Mount Tamalpais. Railway," the
most picturesque of all mountain lines;
was in view, making loops, climbing
grades and twisting in and out of dusky
Before the sun was up very far above
the horizon the tramp was begun. The
trail led northward, generally speaking,
although it sinuously twisted about among
the hills and along the undulations of the
ridge. Off in the general direction taken
Bolinas Bay and Tomales Bay could have
been seen, \ and also the loom of Point
Reyes, "if the fog had lifted, but it still
held clcse, to the ocean, white and cot
tony. The trail was very good. Border-
Ing it was a growth of chemisal or chap
arral, manzanlta and scrub oak. The art
ist of the party had a camera that was
as tie and, as heavy as a small house,
but the party of mountaineers good na
turedly helped to pack it as they strode
onward, chatting gayly.
"The Taraalpais Land and Water Com
pany, Shafter & Howard, the Marin-Coun
ty Water Company, which has riparian
rights, and the Kent estate owns a small
part of it. The whole is in a very few
hands."
"Oh, yes,'.'; was the general cry, "there
are many, of 'them here. This is their
The ¦ others of the party came on [ not
hastily but in due ; order. 'On the ground
that was there bare of vegetation were
Imprinted the tracks of a deer. w!»tch had
recently, passed. there. -
The upward trail led to a height where
Redwood Canyon could be viewed. There
are even some sequoia in the canyon. At
this point ;of view the landscape has
marked .diversities; all accentuating the
assertion that this was indeed pristine
wilderness. Above was a rugged- hill
strewn with huge rocks. Below was. the
antique growth of Redwood Canyon, tak
,ing seed, growing,' dying and"renewing its
forest from time immemorial without the
agency,' of man! _ ; Like' a- .sea" of green the
chaparral extended all" about the immedi
ate area, practically impenetrable .where
. there was no friendly .trail. .Rising to a
favorable . point of observation a splendid
view, of -distant mountains to ;the j north
andof half a score of canyons was Te~
"vealed/Just beyond this point on the trail
the. foremost mountaineer gave a pleased
call. .-¦¦.' . V : S'' '
Not many years ago, in fact within the
pleasant experience of the group of as
sembled mountaineers, there were bears
on the mountain. Now there are deer,
coyotes, wildcats, quail, rabbits, squirrels.
Casting their grateful shade along the
trail at intervals and frequently massed
in forestlike growth, were mountain oaks,
chestnut or tanbark . oaks, Douglass fir,
the mountain yew, the California white
oak, the madrone and occasional redwood
trees. . ' ¦ ...
copses. When this was left behind the
wilderness was absolute. \
After this the trail for the most part led
through, comparatively open country, but
bordering this was the' area of wilderness
which was so entirely ,the work 'of nature
and. so. little' interfered with byman^that
it would from one of Its boundaries to all
.Here and .there were -clusters 'of trees
sufficiently, beautiful to pay any artist for
tramping to | view them. After crossing
an old elk glen; . in which the .elks' for
merly browsed undisturbed, .passing over
arolling couhtry,' the trampers came to a
hummock crowned' with lordly trees and
cragged with! gray rocks, and from the
base. bubbled out a spring cool and limpid;
the water's of which" had' been considerate
ly . walled In' by other wayfarers. This is
the headwaters- of Cataract, Gulch. The
spring, is ,2100 feet "above the sea, level, or
only " 400 • feet • lower than the summit of
Mount Tamalpais.' Wild flowers grew* in
the. shade/. Tresses of gray moss hung
from "the trees. % A' ." belated eschscholtzia
reared' its ;. pretty, yellow head, in the sun
just outside- of : the shade of the 1 trees*
The ; wind murmured jdellclouslyi among
the myriads of leaves on the J overhanging
branches that' flecked the cool spring pool
with a lacework of shadows. ' • .
Away from the .trail at varying dis
tances were the Sweet George Can
yon, the beautiful wilderness that bor
ders Lagunitas Creek, with its lagoon
country gemmed with little ponds;. Cat
aract Gulch, in the shadows of the trees
of which sparkling rivulets^ bubble and
laugh among • bowlders, igather in. still
pools over which, the wild flowers lean and
cascades make music through day, and by
night. ;''v. . .' ' ; -
natural • home. Protect them and they
would be numerous enough."
* "Blind fishes, or fishes with -Impaired
sight, : suffering from injury or perhaps
from disease following injury are - caught
with the rest simply because they stay
with them. They do not because of their
blindness get lost. All fishes are pecu
liarly sensitive to the motion ' of "the wa
ter about 'them; they feel the Impulse
given by the slightest movement of it
anywhere nearVhem. They keep within
the circle cf the movement made by'tha
school. They don't stray«away ; they stay
with the crowd, and If; the crowd gets
anything to eat they get at least aome of
the ' fragments." — New York Sun, .
; "The frightened fishes would in such
cases flee like a herd of stampeded cat
tle for the land. The cattle would, some
of them be trampled down and killed, and
some would have legs broken and some
would lose Jhelr horns, and so on. The
fishes would suffer injuries in like man
ner, i and the eye, being an exposed and
easily injured part, they are particularly
liable to injury there. . N . J .:
, -"Bluefish • rush off in the. same -wild
manner when sharks smash into & school
of them and begin biting and destroying
right and left. -
"Take, for Instance, a school of men
haden chased by bluefish. In their fright
and their eagerness to escape, they rush
off wildly, • crowding and ¦ smashing to
gether, and sometimes actually pushing,
in their wild rush, up out of the water on
the beach. - ¦ ¦
"The reason for this 13 very simple.
The fishes travel in schools, many ftshe3
together, and closely herded. Moving thus
they are likely to jostle and rub against
one 'another. If they are frlsrhtened
then the danger from this source is great
ly Increased.
FISHES," said an oM flshfrman, "ara
especially liable to Injury to the
eyes. Among the fishes taken In
nets there are always likely to be
found some that had suffered some Injury,
to the eye, and the number in some cases
would be large. -
BLIND FISHES
When the tramp was over William Kent
took the view that there waa a way to
protect the trees under the forest reser
vation law. If the desired area wa3 made
a park the regulations of the Government
would prevent tree-cutting, and patrolling
by the Government, cou.*>led with the cut
ting through and maintenance of trails,
would be a guard agains*. forest fires. Al
ready the region about Tamalpais Moun
tain is accessible by good trails, and the
railroad supplies a great accommodation
with it3 well-adapted observation trains.
Mr. Kent is hopeful that his work In be
half of a national park in the skyland of.
Mount Tamalpais will not be fruitless.
country side, leaving them lifeless. Jt
. large, flre would again make the region
desolate.
,< The road - that winds around • from Bo
linas to ' Ross Valley -passes, so v near to
one flank of Tamalpais Mountain .that the
forest growth can ' be; studied. , The trees
are quite large and they grow" thickly to
gether—too closely neighbors * for the
hunter, but not too close to retain their
abounding ¦ life or to. make, lovely, the
slopes which they adorn., But even. there
the traces of past fires,' threats of greater,
fires yet -to come, ¦ are !n; evidence.- Skele
toh-llke trees hold up long : denuded and
weather-beaten trunks \ and limbs, show
ing where the flres once passed along; the
When the sun marched further toward
the west and the trees began to cast long
er, shadows, the 'tramp, was resumed. The
course' was now outside of the proposed
park, but the beaten road led to points
where canyons could be easily visited. The
trampers, . especially the artist, penetrated
to- the depths of shade. that shut in ,th»
waters of Cataract; Gulch and of Lagunl
tas Creek irom roadside view. The cam
era was ; kept . busy" transferring the per
fect but miniature scenes of the vicinage
to plates. As the'shadows
lengthened the smell of. the country, grew
sweeter and the air became: .more de
lightful. ,' , ' . . '"„'¦ " /
The party, tolled up and down grades
that were barren of any growth, excepting
fumraw parched grasses. The color of
health and the tan of the sun and wind
began to show on their cheeks. They had
traveled some miles, but their steps grew
mere elastic. Mingled with the odors of
tree* and the neighboring fields there be
p«a to be blown in the aroma of the sea.
3'fca sun was warm and the sky was
P-eydiess, but there was tonic in the air.
which was pure and delightful to breathe.
Suddenly the leader of the party
«caj-ea on a hill's crest and pointed due
-The remainder of the party strug
gled delightedly upward to his point of
vantage in viewing the landscape to their
left and far below the leaping waves of
the blue Pacific fringed the shores with a
cordon of white foam. Under the hills
nestled the pretty little, town of Bolinas
and in its placid bay. were mingled the
waters of streams that originate on the
flanks of the hilly- wilderness subsidiary
to the crowning and crowned height I of
Tamalpais . Mountain. From then on it
was* all down hill to a wayside inn. • Here
the parjy. rested awhile. . . , ,
others have thoroughly delighted, the soul
of Thoreatu The' size . of the timber
growth increased, and there were cool
shadows over a part of thai way. Then,
the trail swung clear o'f the proposed park
area.
purpose is to include the. mountain part
and the wilderness. Here at the summit
we are 2600 feet above the sea level. Prob
ably the lowest part of the park area
would be 1200 to 1500 feet above tha sek.
It is all pristine wilderness;" ;/,"*-.'
"Who owns the property "
see. You have all the eastern and south
ern and northern shores of the bay and
their mountains and valleys to look at.
Then the Farallon^s must be counted in
and also the peaks of high Sierra on a
very clear day. They are 200 miles dis
tant. There is no known view that equals
this in extent or in variety, sea and shore.
That redwood forest In Redwood Canyon
is about 200' acres in extent. It is the only
body of virgin redwood near San Fran
cisco, It would be vandalism to destroy
it, but it will be lost unless it Is protected
by the Government. This wilderness that
is outstretched over the hills and in the
canyons still shelters many deer. There
were elk here in early times In the gleris."
This was another mountaineer speak
ing. He lay upon the rocks with, gaze
fixed upon beauties of nature that grow
upon susceptible people more and more
as they are contemplated. The smoke of
a good cigar drifted above his head as
he spoke. His voice was dreamy. Above
it rose the incessant hum' of bees that
were improving the shining hour by gath
ering honey.
"How large would the park be?" was
asked of William Kent.
"About two and one-half miles wide and
eight miles long, with' an Irregular out
line. The land would be all . wilderness.
There is no use taking up any smooth
land toward the point, where there -is
good grazing , and fair "soil. " The main
-*^"f NATIONAI* TAJIK In the skylanS
f I of Mount Tamalpais! The most
(~~l beautiful and most accessible of
» I all wildernesses to be purchased
[ and given to the Government, free
cf cost to the people, to be preserved for
ever in all its pristine magnificence
forever to be for the use of the nation and
Its tourist guests from all parts of the
world!
These are the ideas of a group of true
lovers of nature, who are quietly working
to [bring them to realization. Confronting
Rhi verdure-clad sides of the picturesque
.old Taraapais is the ever-present danger
ikat thoir beauty may be badly, possibly
irrevocably, destroyed. Divested of their
garments of perennial green, only barren
an4 rugged rocks and charred hillsides
¦nrolild remain to attest to the deadly rav
ig»s of fire. For fire is the enemy of
Tarnslpais and of its green environs..
¦Once placed under the protecting care
ofkhe Government^ guarded by the neces
«ry rules and regulations, patrolled con
stantly and surrounded by the conditions
thai make for the conservation of the
foratry reserves of the United States—
thuithe problem would be solved." / ,
Tns is the reasoning of William Eent.
S. E Cushing. president of the Mil? Val
ley tnd Mount Tamalpais Scenic' Rail
way! and of others who are associated to
; pVesl-ve Tamalpais. Messrs. Kept and
Cusnng stand foremost in making the
propfeition that there shall be a national
park! but they are hopeful that Interest
wUl fe easily aroused; t>at the owners of
landlnd of rights on the mountain will
viewtne matter favorably, and that there
is atufflcient num»r of public-spirited
citizis to supply tte funds needed to buy
the lhd that is required and donate it to
the <j>vernment
Ev* dry season brings disastrous con
fiagraons to Tamalpais. Many acres are
annuiy burned over through the care
lessn^ of visitors and by reason of the
lack f proper regulations. Acres of
chard mountain side, studded with
paunand lifebss trees, disfigure the
landS-pe and ttll sftrel'y of the constant
periljhat besets the whole region. The
lnsidus sparlt that falls into the dry
grasfkindles a flame that runs through
the Ipses and destroys brush and forest
groyis that have taken years to mature.
Tha fires are most difficult to handle,
anafe Is frequently endangered in at
terns made to extinguish them.
"Jis," so says William Kent, "is the
co*rn of San Francisco very largely.
TJt'ls the centeiyof population, the rap
1^ growing metropolis which will be of
v^Els*. to tee surrounded by tributary
fnaunitles having dwellers to be num-
Irei. by millions. Mount Tamalpais is an
to tourists from all countries.
from the summit of Mount Tamalpais
over the Tamalpais and Bolinas ridges
Into several canyons and along water
courses. The party went up over the
picturesque line of, the railroad to the
summit in the afternoon, enjoyed the
spectacle of a rarely beautiful sunset and
rested all night at the tavern, rising in
time to see the sun come up from behind
the mountains of the Coaet Range on the
east shore of San Francisco Bay. ¦ -
Seaward and filling up the Golden Gate:
and landward, conforming to the contour
of the lower foothills, thereby assuming
the appearance of a billowy and snowy
ocean, lay the fog. At its summit anil
downward for a distance of several hun
dred feet. Mount Tamalpais and its neigh
boring- peaks" and also the canyons to the
north, east and west were bathed in bun
shine. , Wild^birds were.ga'.ly piping their
melodies of, the morning. A soft breeze
stirred., and. therHJrjwas-sweet? with the
odors of wild- flowers and shrubbery.
From near the highest point on the
summit, where the whirligig for wind
velocity registration has been set up by
tn"e United States Weather Bureau, the
outlines of the proposed park, as they
could be rudely denned, were pointed out
by the mountaineers. . Like great green
waves the ranges succeeded one another,
seemingly trending toward Tamalpais and
rolling toward the broad Pacific. Be
tween the ranges were canyons, any one
of which might inspire the singer or the
artist. Beyond the irregular rim of green
that ran over the crests and margined
the valleys, the country rose in rounde.1
hills, tawny as lions; curves of beautv
made by Nature's mighty pencil. Trcta
of fantastic outlines stood against the nky
line, accentuating their isolation. Here
were rocky highlands; there leaguea of
chaparral; yonder clumps of treea «tn<i
high bushes which migh^t furnish nt co/crt
for the deer. Not far away a great trni^
or redwood, virgin forest which the is b?
the lumberman has never Invaded, held
up Its plumy branches for admiration,
The air moved lazily. The thfe'obir.j*
sound of the sea on its rocky shore eeuiri
hardly be heard. To the eest sparkled
the mirrorlike surface of the buy of Ba^
Francisco. The. peaks of St. Helena and
Diablo 'loomed grandly against the sefj
blue foil of an Italian eky. To the seutij
the encircling fog had fantastically hens;
med Richardsons Bay, lnelesins it as wit:}
a high parapet of purest snow, ee that st
was like an azure lake, unruffled, and
shore bound.
"You will see that the features to l>»
preserved are several. There is no land
scape superior to this, so travelers agree.
From the summits all the bay is in vlevr
and all -the ocean so far as the eye "ca.n
i will be resorted to by multitudes of
American citizens, more especially Cali
rornlans. There is no other wilderness so
picturesque and so easily accessible to a.
p-eat city. "What is to be done £pr the
('preservation _ of the brush and forests
(which make it so attractive and beautiful
I In large degree must be done now. Think
of it! A national park, rich In view,
magnificent in' variety, the natural home
of the deer and elk, with beautiful sur
prises awaiting the visitor on every side —
Ell within an hour and a half of the great
city of San Francisco!"
Equally enthusiastic with Mr. Kent are
those ¦who have discussed the Mount
Tamalpais national park proposition. A
meeting was he'd in this city last week at
which there were present a few gentle-
Cmen who had been invited to meet Con
(ErreEsraan Coombs to talk about the mat
ter. No obstacle to the acceptance of a
park by the nation was disclosed. It was
pointed out that Uncle Sam has always
near at hand soldiers to act as a patrol, to
develop the region, who would be bene
fited by getting: practical knowledge of
life in a mountain and wilderness coun
try. The Interests of the surrounding
country. It was als0 explained, would be
served. Handsome properties through
Marin County would be less In danger of
destruction by fire. The watershed of the
Marin. County Water Company would be
preserved.
A writer and an artist for The Call re
cently went over the country which it is
proposed to include as a national park.
They were accompanied by several en
thusiastic mountaineers, who might aptly
r>e Etjied the Marin County Alpine Club.
Under their guidance a tramp was taken
THE SUNDAY
3
MT. TAMALPAIS
AS A
NATIONAL
PARK?¦ Donahue : .turned whltoais, paper. Bona
hue'was bold.'; butHhere was that so in
veterate in the one before hlrn, he seemed
"My brother is dead." said he. "and you
murdered- him. If you had killed him , in
honest auarrel and j with hl3 face ; toward
you, I would mot harbor thought against
you.;. But this'.was' miirderf-murder plain
and , cowardly., Tou killed ' him when he
had -no difference 'with .you and while his
back was turned. : For what ; you : did
there's -. no " excuse, nor , shall you' find
escape:- -Yet I will deal better by you
than you did : with | him.' ' Tou : «hall • see
your death ' and defend yourself against
me; your hind nhallh«ld every; ad vantag*
that I. hold in mine.- You must come and
fight. .You • shall not hesitate ; you are not
new to nor *o j taking : Hf e. : Yoti
hfive already i killed ;two men. and idearly
wounded' one. ¦ And- you must .come -with
me.' .To; help; you to decision. ; I promiaa
it's t your only door , to ;, safety. ,, You* vo
killed . my) broth er. V' You • must now -kill
me or. I shall kill you." ..
John Scannell made a visit to Donahue.
His hope was to force him forth to battle:
he would not kill him as his brother was
slain ; : Donahue should have his ' chance.
Scannellwas coldly, steady when he found
his man. r , . ':.' ¦¦ ¦:.. .
, On the cot waa the dead, pnrt by lts;slclf>
knelt the living, and there John Scannell
made his vow anew that, be it late or be
it soon, be it far or be :t near, yet should
his vengeance find a time. 'He would have
life for life: he would pay with death his
deht of death. '. ' '
nurely as you die and I live. I shall kill
Donahue."
There was a moment's. pause. Then:
"John," whispered the other,: "you have
broken my heart." .
And he died without further word.
Now:coir.o we to .the' last' act of th'a
tragedy; a tragedy ; b<frri' of *" conditions
peculiar to the dynasty of : Tweed. ¦ The
"VA give all I'm worth.' 1 ' he said. '-"and
ten -years* off my life, if tho matter; might
end ; as it is. • It's bad. ) and "more 7 will
make it wors». ; But"— and Croker pau.<jed
— "but I can't :rrealr,t<v him. I best know
John Scannell. of , all his ; friends : : I've ho
closer, frleii<l : niyself .than he:; but I don't*
know : him well enough for that.",,
.It' is a curious thought." and. one which
t^lls ' for the, self-centered sort of Scan
rie'l.-/that,none", dared . speak ¦ to' him of
D*onahue. " Hlchard Croker; : - his \ nearest
friend, : •was aaVod to intcruoBe HlaMnflu
onee with- Scannell.v Croker \ shoo!: h!a
head. -.-/¦; ; - : ... ' •-• ;¦ - -:- : : ¦¦¦ £U ¦-
Donahue, tenacious to live, got well of
thi«? wound as of the/first: but before the
fict "was ; abroad, .' he had •gone— where.
no one-knew.-"-; :¦..'¦¦' ¦ . ¦... /-¦- ' - ¦. •
: It-was a. few montis following the at-,
?a'ck 'ofjthe, seven- Danltes .on Scann»H.
Donabtift came sacrptly. to his horn". The
night following, with "two ! others.' Dona
hue was about in one of tho. more retired
streets..." Suddenly. -.'and wanting, sign or
warning. ; .one ' whom. , non« recognized
stood before them in the gloom. 'Nnt.a
word . vras spoken:, there .was the bluff
bark of a Derringer and Donahue fell,
shbt'throueh the bod v. Thr> stranger dis
appeared. llfe« a dark, ghost,' aa ,he ¦ had
come -like one. ¦..:'- . ¦ \ ¦ .'-
Donahue regained, for ' tho ercat rart,
out of town. ' He ¦ crept to hlo home et in
tervals to lie in hiding for a day or two;
then he would flit a?aln. A fusrltiyo day
and night:' Donahue's every moment ¦was
fevered of fear, a n<V his life plready fall-"
en into 1 a semi-eclipse of death.
. . ' ¦ ¦ \ ¦ .•
of the Ring's highest went nervously lest
their lives, too, were written in the book3
cf Scannell. ;
•A PRINCESS OF" THE HILLS— By Mrs. Bvir
ton Harrison. Lothrop Publlahlng Company.
Boston; $150.
; Scmethlng Qt thr.t wai running In" the *
mind of Scannell. Then his thought went
to other matters. He could see that Don
nhue-Rrasppd v ln -his hand a pistol. He
hored that Donahue would l shoot "Scan
nell cared,; not, if {he died or not:. he was
sure !n his heart" that he would live to
till Donahue, arid . that I was "all" his pray
er. Frcm the" first -Scannell" spoke never
- John- Scannell still looked on Donahue
while the. moments snailed awa"y. Scan
rell reflected of Donahue aa with a comic
!:s-iitr.ess that matched: the*, smile- on
his lips.' This was: what .he., thought:
: ."They sav you're bullet-proof." and that
nq. lead will kill ; you.' Perhaps this Is
true.. And I'll : make a promlao In your
favor. If you live -through." thla— if you
get.-by mo thia .Ume—T'll call my-vense
ance * off— I'll • let " the dead past bury its
dead." . ' *
Donahue was calling to one who should
have been with him. . Scannell smiled
only Jhe more. The blood of 'his brother
was calling to him. ' ~
/rd again "John!"
dogged momenta seemed to pause. Scan
roll's face shone with a smile. His eyes
were lighted brightly up, yet pleasantly,
with the lamps o* a white hate. Dona.
hue. opposite, was as one of stone, and
with a cheek -of a'he*. • Donahue had
courage;, but was . of bludgeon kind: it
would not carry Mm ngainst this man of
joy, anr! death. Donahue couldn't com
mand himself, he was in a dream of hor
ror." Grinp'ed in his right hand, and hid
den In his coat, was a heavy pistol. It
was^found frozen in ; his fingers when ha
was dead. Donahue pointed this weapon
at Scannell. through hl3 coat: but hls-»
hand was nerveless; he couldn't fire.-
Twice he called in a dry. • hoarse voice- ~"
like' a raven's croak:
"John!"- ; * . •.',.¦.'*.'•
" In the aray, depths ; of . those eyes bent
upon him,' the "man of power -read his
¦ VI. will give you one minute," said Sean
nell, and-hiB' tones were cool and -true,
•"wherein to promise' that my brother will
not bo robbed of bis election.' , If the mln.
ute dies wanting that assurance, I'll. kill
you where you are.'-' ;'"' ;¦'.'." .:',;' ".¦':.' .-, -\
John Scannell closed the door which had
stood ajar. "When he again turned to th4
potential .one I his pistol was ; in . one • hand
and his watch; in the other.. •¦ y ¦
"Very right." 'replied the. potential one.
•'I'll '. look . into the I matter , and ! let j you
near from me in a' few days." -. ; i
,. '-'My brother."' observed Scannell. I."lie3
nigh unto death. There is small, ", If any,
hope for his (recovery. He was falriy
elected at the • polls.- Despite "'7 that * fact,
your corrupt board is about, officially,' to
'count: him out/ • My Is .that. If
my. brother were .given" the certificate of
election' it would -be as medicine in wine
to.hlm.'It might, aid him. to be well."
'.'What is. it?" queried the potential
one,: not much at ease with his formida
ble visitor." calmly, the finished gentleman
though that visitor might be. "What is
this that you should tell me?"
"I owe you ,'an apology." said Scannell
to the potential. on«».' "for this' unan
nounced ; invasion. But I had a .most im
portant word to communicate: 1 ' ".
This wise one. and potential, was alo:ie
at his desk. Tt was the scant, gray after
noon of the December solstice. The door
opened and John Scannell stood before
him. He wore the tranquil air that was
common with him. . '
There. was one who stood for the wis
dom of Tweed. " He will not here be
namprl. Suffice It that he was. the- Tweed
intelligence: tho potent one behind the
throne of the Ring.
Florence Scannell waa ,. powerless to
move, but he could talk. And each*. day,
he" becoueht John Scannell. who j hung
over him. to Cry off that vendetta which
ha had sworn aguinst Donahue.
.. Florence. Bcannell .lived eight months
jmd /war dying ev<»ry moment. ".'. Para
lysed—for' the " bullet . had struck; his spine
—he reposed on a cot; without motion anil
•while life waated away. - -:;.
John Scannell, heavy of heart, carried
his brother ; to the hospital: Then Vhe
gave ball on charges of shooting both the
Ring's ruffian, whom he mistook for tho
murderer, and Donahue, wounded in the
door of the police. Donahue, the assassin
of Florence Scahnell,' was 'not arrested.-
Buch "van " the • h ardihood ,' not - to say j the
power, of th« Ring. . - .-. . .
Donahue, whose frightened eye ench
moment swept his shoulder, beheld >> his
fat» as It was descending upon him: De
spair had almost claimed him. There was
a police station near at hand. If Dona
hue could but win to that, he would, he
cafe: the police— the Ring police— would
protect him. They were allies as well as
officers. This thought upheld the mur-,
derer. He begged of all his energies;
they granted strength; he panted to the
door. . Scannell's pistol cracked, and Don
ahue fell In among the police. The. Scan
nell bullet had shattered an- arm; it was
a. long shot: stillhate and revenge have
eyes of hawks; the bullet reached, though
It only wounded. ¦. . . , , . .
that the latter -was wounded to .he
death. "Whereupon a preat hunper of re
venge seized him and-s-vraUowed him up.
Donahue made what epeed he might,
but a vicious life waa.cloKKlng him. His
pursuer, perfect of habit, .was hate
¦wlnped with the one vast thought of
vengeance. The Fharn chase <jf John
Scannell was overwhelming the murderer.
THIS IS MARK TWAIN'S SUMMER HOUSE, NEAR SARANAC LAKE
SAMTJEIi L. CliEMENS,. with
whom the world hobnobs as
Mark Twain, has taken unlo
himself a quaint, curious and exceed
ingly comfortable habitation near
Saranac Lake, in what used to bs^hs
Adirondack wilderness. A big dou.bla
veranda is the distinguishing feature
pf tha front, of the Twain home
double by reason, of being two storie3
high.. Birch, pine and occasionally
oak trees surround the house, which
looks as if just enough land had bsen
cleared to znako room, for it and the .
rest left as nature constructed it.
The interior of the cottage is just
what one would imagine the summer
home cf a>nif.n who loved to be com
fortable and knew how. Big fireplaces
drive away all cold, just as the at-
mosphere of the place doss care. The
windows do not push up and, down,
modern fashion,' ¦ " cr.usin'g veration'
and sometimes loss of breath, but pull
Inward - p.nd pusi .outward as ono
may. will, just like blinds that work
both ways.*.
These windows are big and square,
letting a flood of light into tha rooms,
and upon the plain" but thoroughly
comfortable furniture " with, which
they are filled. On tho first floor aro
the living-room, library and kltcho:i.
Upstairs are tha bedrooms, Mark
Twain's ovrn being the biggest. 6ns
of the* -windows of this, rooms casts
an eye on twin youngster trees, white
p. second eye peers into what looks
like the wilderness, even if it is not,
' The author has been self-expatri
ated from woodsy joys so many sum-
iners th?.t he declares this year he ia
determined to revel in good old for
estry surroundings.. There ore no
very near neighbors as distances go
nrt summer resorts, and so there •will
be neither the matutinal breakfast
bell at the adjoining house nor the
howling of the summer dog next door
whose wails to gst into the open are
only exceeded by his piteous appeals
for re-entranco.
QUERIES ABOUT 'AUTHORS 7
1. "What does Anthony Hope? I
To Marietta Holley. 1
2. What happens when John Kenlci
Samuel Smiles. i
3. when Is Marian Evans Cros3? I
When William Dean HowelTs. I
4. When did Thomas Buchanan Real
Just after Wlnthrop Mackwm
Praed. \ " • \
5. Why was Rider Haggard? i
Because he let Rose Terry Coo^
6. Why is Sarah Grand?
To Make Andrew 'Marvel, 'c- '
7. How long will Samuel Lover? • V
Until Justin Winsor. I
8. What gives John Howard Payne i
When Robert Burns Augustus Hi
9. When did Mary Mapes Dodge? \
" When Oeor^e W. Cutter. 1
10. Where did Henry Cabot Lodge? 1
In Mungo Park, on Thoma'a Hill. I
11. Why did Lewia Carroll? I
To put a stop to Francis Quarles.1
12. Why is George Canning? 1
T* teach Julia Ward Howe. 1
13. What ailed Harriet Beecher Stowe? I
* Bunyan. y.,~, • \
14. What does Charles Reade? \
The Bookman. i
— H. M. Greenleaf, in the August Book-!
man. ' . - ¦ • '•-' \
Books Received.
FOUR-LEAVED CLOVER — By Maxwell
Gray. D. Appleton & Co., Xew York: |1.
RICHARD CROKER-By Alfred H>nry
Lewis. Life Publishing Company. New Tcrrk: J2.
, THE KIDNAPED MILLIONAIRES— By Fred
erick U. Adams. Lothrdp Publishing Company.
Eoston;$150.
"The Book World" for Ai'Tust makes a.
new departure in presenting its readers
with the first installment of a high class
serial by Max Pemberton. To judere by
the opening: chapters. ''The Giant's Gate"
will prove a story of Intense interest artl
unusual adventure. In addition to tHej
customary ' list of special articles, short j
stories, news of authors and playera, com-j
prehenslve book review?, etc.. there are ,
illustrated articles on "The Development
of the American Locomotive" by Wald<ii
•Fawcett: on "Treasure Trove in Coppersf"
by Mrs. J. S. Remy, with especial refeJ-j
ence to the famous Drake collection; cr<
"Book Plates."- their, origin, .h'atory nrtf
value by John de Morgan, and on "TTj
-Little Mothers of New York" by Mrs. (j.
B. Bunce. l
>v The feature of the August number of
Everybody's Magazine Is Emlllo A«p - !
raloVs story of. his capture by Funstp.
The Vllipino leader narrates the circtp
etanc*! which led to his taking, in a nsjn
ner ofygreat clearness and slmpHcityJlt
Is a most Interesting as well as an imnrt
ant contribution to the history of.on<|o*
the bra\est\deeds of warfare. OscanK.
Davis, the Sxri's war correspondent.fal
lows with a sketch of • Asruinaldo J° m
rather an unuayal colnt of view. Tjera
are several aeligxjful nature articles] L.
W. Brownell tella.of the "Birth o a
Butterfly." which K finely illustrated I.
W. Blake writes an\A- R. Dugmorepic
tures "Days "With \ Mocking BNJ."
Maximilian Foster conVlbutes "Trasfly"
—a fine moose story. InVphotograptf as
a Fine Art." C. H. Caffi* writes ofitho
work of C. H. "White. A rarely Interdtlns
contribution is "Pictures \That jiow
Motion." being 1 the evolution of thfbio
graph. by Roy MeArdle. J. M. Bacoitells
of "Steering Balloons by Upper Alrjur
rents." \
literary Notes.
"Midsummer In New York" will be thft
subject of a long article opening the
August Century— a Midsummer Holiday
Number. Mrs. Schuyler van Rensselaer,
who writes It, is a native of the. city and
shows her appreciation of Its charms by
being one of the last to go .out of town
in the summer and' one of the first to re
turn in the fall, a considerable part at her
time, being given every year to voluntary
public work. Many full page and smaller
pictures will illustrate the text.
At the top of the hubbub a .shot rang
forth in the barroom. "\ John ¦ Scannell,
closed In In the rear room, couldn't see
and could only guess the reason cf that
firing. Donahue, seizing the safe advan
tage of Florence Scannell'a ; position and
Florence Scannell. baffled by the locked
door, turned and stood aralnst the bar.
His elbows rested on It: his back was to
the bar and to Donahue. One in the
room with the "repeaters" unlocked the
door. John Scannell pushed it ooen and
entered among, them. About one hundred
men were therein gathered. The entrance
of John Ecannell fell like a fear upon
these lawbreakers. They, deemed him the
advance of Justice In pursuit of them.
With that, many sought to be rid of the
place: there was a deal. of commotion; th«
door through which John Scannell had
entered was closed in the stampede.
"Don't go in there." said Donahue.
There wa? murder in Donahue's heart.
It plowed dully In his bleary eye. and
had the Scajinells been a whit less brave,
and therefore a bit more cautious, they
might have noted It
"Don't »ro In there!" cried Donahue to
Florence Scannell as the latter tried" the
door. .,-.- ..... .
On registration day Donahue resort
was made headquarters lor those ia
ported "repeaters" who were to be wed
in that ward. There .were fourscore or
more of these ruffians in th«s room to the
rear of Donahue's bar. . Florence Scan
nell. accompanied by John Scannell, on
the scent of fraud, came into Donahue's.
Florence Scannell. aware of the where
abouts of the "repeaters." walked to the
door of the rear room and sought to en
ter. The door was locked. Donahue
stood behind the bar.
Donahue had office ambitions. He ar
roed with r rfark sagacity that were he
to "remove" Florence Feannell. the Ring
would not only protect him from the law
—which in that day was the Ring's will
but prefer him to some coign . of party
height and fatness.
There was cno, Donahue, who keDt a
drinking place at Twenty-third street and
Second avenue. This Donahue was himself
of the Ring's Danites. He had k'lled bis
man and nearly slain his second. His
drinking den was a harbor for Ring crim
inals.
Tt was registration 5n December, 1S63.
The vote of the city— the local elections
were then held late in December— was
making that preliminary answer to its
rame required of the law. The Ring, set
to the defeat of Florence Scannell by all
fou! methods since it m!sht not be fairly
brought about, was. with the use of re
peaters, falsely swelling the re£l-5trat!on
•wherecn to lay foundation for the final
Fteal. Florence Scannell. together with
John Fcannell. was busily about in ef
forts to prevent these wrongs of the
Ring.
pany. TCew'Tork City.'
Copyright. WL by Life Pvblishlng Com-
His anecdotes are all well chosen and
¦well told. Here is one fn the history of
Tammany that will serve:
Pardon his breach nf style in writing
"funny stuff" of the comic paper order
and waive Ms careless treatment !n di
verging- po frequently from the topic In
hand, and "Richard Croker" is well worth
rerding. If Mr. Lewis could have his
work cut down by some hack e<3itor tn
one-third cf Its present bulk the .book
would be preatly Improved. He hr.3 pood
rraterfa! and plenty of it; it needs boiling,
that is all.
Another bad point for those anxious to
ret at what Mr. Lewis bas to say about
Tnmmany and Richard Croker Is his fre
quent breaking away from the subject in
hand to go into lonjr discussions on
Blutfcespeare. D'srneli, Fletcher, Wctten.
Donnfl and hundreds of others. At time?
his djrbhlinpr in ancient history and books
givrs v the impression that Mr. Lewis I*
trying" to tell the reader everything that
he know-e— also taking it for granted that
the reader himself fs a base Ignoramus.
"A trifle ensarjruiried of a flush hit on
the nose" is a fin"*, clever, smart, -witty,
and all the rest of it. description of a
b'e^ding rose, and such literary jolcelcts
and twMsts are well enough in place in
"Wolfvire" or "Sandhurrs." but rather
cut of tune with this more pretentlou3
work.
"Its closo found young Richard atraln
on his back; a trifle • ensanguined of a
flush hit on the nose, otherwise hearty
e.r.d hopeful." .
VndouMedly irary of the more serious
readers will find fault with Mr. Lewis'
ctyle. He constantly makes an effort nt
humor, always trying to coyly twist his
vocabylcry so the reader will be. obliged
to grcrx* for a meaning- When this mean
ing i«= found. Mr. Lewis probably expects
his victims to say "How clever," but aft
*r a great amount of the same kind they
may l>e prone to more forceful expres
sions. For example, in describing a box
ln?r match between Richard Croker and a
professional, he says:
<yr LFRED HENRY LEWIS, the au
f I thor of "Wojfvule" and "ean>:-
I | burrs." has left fiction for fact and
V. [ politics. He has just written a
X life of Richard Croker. In this
book there is much to be commended. Mr.
Lewis has allowed the reader to meet
Croker personally through the medium of
anecdote and so draw his own conclusions
—a wise method in the writing of biogra
phy. The author has evidently enjoyed a
o!cse personal association with Croker
and other leaders of Tammany, and so
•whsit he has to say is always of interest.
John Scannell's absence from the scene, -
had shot the younger Scannell in %he
back. There was no word of warning;
between them passed-no looks of differ
ence; murder, cold and safe and coward
ly it was, and the victim's first touch of
his peril was a,' bullet in his back. The
effect was to paralyze: Florence Scannell
clipped to the floor without falling:' and
as John Scannell rushed. in, his eyes rest
ed first on his brother half lying- against
the base of the. bar. In front of him
stood a lesser thug of the Ring:.
John Scannell's hand sought his pistol,
a 44-caliber Colt's. There was a flash
and a crash; the Ring- thug fell, "shot
through the neck.
"John, it was Donahue," whispered
Florence Scannell.
John Scannell sprang: to the front door.
Donahue, fear-spurred, was a block away, ,
pistol in hand, running with all -speed. '. .' ¦/.
To see was to act: an instant and John
SfanneU. was In pursuit. The gli'pce he
gave his brother as^he passed told; him
"If you- die," said John Scannell. V'ana
the. law^doesn't punish Donahue, -.I' shall
have his'llfe. If the'law > fails. I wili my
self tajce that' justice which is mine." ;
For eight months j 'the : dying Florence
wrestled with his brother for the life of
' him who was his j murderer.' . ; Bu t > his
strivings were of no 'avail. .The resolves
of . John Scannell ' had set as relentleEsly
as water-chilledisteel. He; would-% have
life for life; -an eye an : eye 'and 7a
tooth for a tooth.' There was something
ethnic-in the grim resolve of John Scan
nell, arid hia gray eyes, soft enough' with
sympathy as he bent above his brotrier.
turned agate-hard with the first nairvirig
Of "Donahue.- - ¦;'
'/While Florence Scannell. bound to his
cct. was. dying., the election took" place.
In the teeth of the Ringhe waa'succcss
*'ful. But tiie 'Ring pjSomised. to "rectify
that . "error." :; On the "offlc'.al'' ..count
Florence Scannell would be; defeated.
John Scanrieil -heard this crooked;newp.
a word; Donahue at intervals called: "
"John!" huskily. . .
Then a tWrd. thought came to Scannell.
"My pistol carries the heaviest ball. When
Iv'shoot this man the bullet will g O
through and : throush r and wound or kill
one of those behind." ".;>'
There was' truth In this. for. as Scan
nell stood rn the door, the onlookers, 83
pale as -Donahue — for each' foresaw iho
Fcquel— were crowded. to the rear, and In
. the line of fire. This would not do;
Scannell wanted no man's blood but one's.
Scannell becan to pace slowly arouml
Donahue." . The other, -fear-stiffened an<l
Incapable, could only turn to meet him.
Scannell ceased not to smile. His un
winking eyes did .not waver . from th©
eyes of Donahue. The latter was held
as by a spell. Slowly Scannell went
about Donahue to the right, never wid
ening, never lessening the distance. At
last he had forced Donahue crosswise of
the room,' with naught behind him save
the safe; Insensate wall. The time had
"come.
Not until then did Scannell's hand seek
¦^s weapon. And he went slowly after
it. with pauses full of. pleasant hesita
tion. Scannell still tacitly called Dona
hue to action; It was not to be. Dona
hue was as rigidly, helpless as a statue
of ice. With Iron deliberation Scannell
drew his pistol. Donahue, licking a dry
lip. stood* at gaze and as one planet
struck. ; •
"Bang!"
Between those murderous eyes which
had lined the shot that stole his broth
er's life,' Scannell's revenge went crash-
Ing. Donahue crippled ) forward, nalf
. turned, and with a sob., which broke on
Scannell like a tune of music, fell head
long down.
John Scannell looked on his prone en
emy for a moment while his bosom flllM
with the tldes^of a generous peace. It
was as though a stone had been rolled
from his heart. Then he went . slowly
forth, and no hour had seemed so sweet
nor the world so bright before.
An officer touched his elbow. Scannell
turned and followed him. The offlcer led
the way. The dead Donahue was where
he fell. A captain of police stood close
at hand.
"Do you see your work?" asked the
' captain.
"I do." The sudden sparkle to glanea
in Scannell's eyes showed how burned
the fires to be kindled In a brother's
breast by a brother's murder. "I do: I
see my work; observe how I approve it."
"Bang!" - \
"And Scannell sent a bullet through the
dead Donahue as he had sent . ¦ one
through the living Donahue before., The
body jumped on the floor with the
springy concussion of the shot, and then
lay still. The vengeance of John Scan-
Jiell was full.— From Alfred Henry Lewis'
"Richard Croker." by courtesy of Life
Publishing Company. r :* > " \;
death half told.. The whole dread '..story
wouid.be finished j unless within the pent
spaces of a minute he Interrupted its re-' :
:cital''Wlth.a" promise. It was fate, and
the ..one |3 potential doffed : his hat to . ! it. '.:
He promised.. : Bcannell returned his pis- .
tol, ; arid was about to depart.
"I do' not doubt your!, word," eald; he to
the potential one, "for I do not doubt
that youare wise enough to keep It."-- .;;
."1'irkeep.my word," faltered the other,.
; "but I request you to say nothing of our
interview." ; v
'Forthie first time; since his brother lay |
with . \ Donahue's : bullet in his f life, ' the .
least shadow, of a; smile, fell -across
face, of John , Scannell. ; .=¦•-. ; ' . / . %
; "You need take rio'alarm." he observed:.'
; "I'll regard 1 our' Interview as confiden
tial." ¦ .;."¦;_ :¦:;>. .-. ¦.-¦..¦ ;.. ¦¦;;.;• ¦:/..-¦¦•
::. Florence Scannell was given the elec
tion:, the* man" of potency had t kept, his
word. Also, as reward of -It, :the poten
. tial one ;at. full " threescore j still dwells
among us In quiet "ease and. peace.' ;.»..;. ,.
Those month's to j follow 'the 'day when
[ he;; was shot down by, Donahue .went, 'tip-'"
: toeing "Into I "the £ past." arid the : hour of
deaths earned on -for .-Florence Scannell.;.
"Wom'Jof pain and ft starved by • sickness;
he was only the shade : of what he was. ,
John Scannell was ;with.: him, as ;lie. had
'been day ;and'rilght:'-.-Th^; oriel dying, too [
¦weak to speak aloud/ motioned 'his ¦ broth
er to draw nearer.''." i: / ;.V; :. t " . , ¦;- r _ /
¦ "John." !he\ whispered,' "I shall not live'
: an hour. - And before!l-:die I warit. to say
¦a word" to you. 7 : I ; feel about'
Donahue,' and now . that ' I die I want
leave his ¦; punishment to his conscience. ~
If he wer«here. and I 'held mh life in;
my hand.' I'd give It back": to him. John.?
you're , my oldest brother and -my best; 5
and oldest friend. You never refused me.
in my life. I have one last request. l|
want you. to spare Donahue." ,\ j ' '
"Florrle.V replied his brother, and the
tears were -wet on his face— "Florrle, eo
time was November of . 1872. The day
was Saturday. Lacking a fortnight
three years had slipped away on the slow
tides of eternity since the murder or
Florence Scannell. Donahue was y* ever
seen, these days/and seldom heard or.
Now, and again a half whisper would go
about that Donahue had been in town,
but was fled r again, e John Scannell. on
his part.- was about^n Ws own affair*,
'calm, equal and ,c6l"d£,'lie v never smiled
and never spoke of Donahue. vt-.1 ¦•"¦.;
It waa in the evening of the day. In a
basement at the northwest, corner 01
Broadway and Twenty-eighth street and
under the present "Fifth . Avenue Thea
ter" was a poolroom. John Scanne.l,
who was walking In Broadway at tne
time, paused and entered. Donahue was
not in his thoughts: j he believed him
full one thousand miles away, and more,
for a waif-word blew about that ( - D ° na 
.tiue's refuge was Havana. Scannell s flrea
of. vengeance glowed as hotly as ever, but
by lohg.waiting they had become 'banked.
In the. lapse of years the tooth of sharp
expectancy -had dulled. Scannell wasnt
longing.cnd looking vto, find his foe witn
every moment, as was earlier true.
John Scannell .entered | the „ poolroom.
There "were V full : two hundred . in th«
place.' Scannell saw only "one. Before
him stood Donahue. /That man who had
slam his brother, and for whom he had
hoped and hunted, was delivered Into his
hand. Almost three years had sped since
John Scannell beheld his brother lying in
bloody helplessness, and worse than dead,
by the hand of this man.' The picture was
with -.him:-: still. "Almost; three years had
gone-^-more than one thousand, days and
one thousand nights— and each day he had
reswoirn. himself to vengeance; and each
night he had prayed that the hour 'might
come. It .was here, and he welled with
happiness. . The murky glory of^the mo
ment filled his heart; - his pleasure over
flowed in laughter. ,. •• . : ' ¦¦ '
John. Scannell gazed on Donahue. The
; .'.Thero ;was that to happen which would
e show 1 Scannell" that "his enemies were not
. bov frank' as ¦ he^- .- He : was", .waylaid '."on
• Twentv-elgbth street by seven 5 bravos of
| the'.Rlng. The notorious QwneysGeoghe-
was fat ' their ;'.yan. Their ' ."orders"
were to slay Scannell on sight. Tlfe seven
' poured a volley, against him.'.^But his'own
pistol I spoke with ; theirs, and as- he . fell
withV; three; wounds. a: : bullet-convulsed
• brigrahd '." remained - : to " bear him : '• bleeding
company.' The~ others fled: ; iAs they. ran :
the indomitable Scann.»ll : raised^his shot
: body and fired twice. .'Each bullet stopped
f a'n'.enenry.; There were 'no', deaths .to be 1
-the/result of this attempted assassination..
Scanriell-recoyered, as did al.so theiwound-,
; ed .trjo; of would-be ''murderers*. The Ring
, still-* sought ;to compass h!a death. ' The
rtingv again, ''ordered" It. but : there wa3.
now none among the Danites' of a courage
"to hunt -this-Hector. " ¦' '> v' ¦''':'¦'; j.> '''¦/. X
. V Following this' last' collision John Sc'an
¦ nell disappeared- Some there. were to say.
that he'd left , the town: others told that
| he Was still here, but disguised ; the- thing
¦ sure.': .• however, was '¦ that , : none i /might
! .make^'certain -of, aught concerning -' him.
.'And .with that, < n<*t alcne Donahue,' but
Tweed and Sweeny and Hall^ "arid, others
Donahue turned and fled:, he was gone
Iri a itwinkllng-.:^ Scannell made no attempt
to 'shoot npjr'f allow ;,hig thought ,was - stlll
to have .his 'man at bay. S^'^t v
'Four days; had passed. In
company of /two ."of : his; adherents..- was
.walking. . In Fourth' avenue. ; .;-;Scannell
leaped "from ' a carriage and approached
Donahue. * ¦ As he came near he called' to
the other: . ' ¦ .
"Get ready: you are not to be killed
without -.defense."'... ..."-.
so fraught of ail that crushed and killed,
that ¦ Donahue : Bhrank from him ! as from
a" mystery '. of midnight) -.-Donahue smelled
¦his death off Scannell as kine smellin the
,win^ the unborn storm. Donahue refused
to" meet with' Scannell:' •:. V ."/
4
WRITERS OF BOOKS
The Books Reviewed
;. ON THIS PAGE ,
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
126 POST STREET,
SAX FRASCISCO.
Prices are always in the
Reading Notices. '"...*
1 M. ROBERTSON.¦¦ "In the.' summer , the: Indian women do
most of 'their cooking out of doors. They
put short poles on each : side i of their fire
and a third stick across from; one to tlm
other, and'on this they nang their kettle.
woman does more work than the .man
does. Of course, the women do not know,
very much .about housekeeping; " in fact
they don't know anything about It. They
Hvo In log cabins with only the ground
for the floor, and they have but one room.
In that room they have their beds in one
corner, their trunks around the sides, and
they often have beautiful bead work
hanging on the walls.- ' They have T a : large
stove as near the center of the'room as
they can.. On that stove you will always
find a coffee pot and teakettle, and they
are always kept .' full. " If the women, can
have coffee to drink they are happy; they
think it is a great medicine; they, call it
i the black medicine.
T?AM going to tell you something about
the uneducated Sioux women, their
ii dress and their 'home life.-The Sioux
INDIAN
HOUSEKEEPING.
ehouted again, and a fiercer blast; than
the last picked up her words and scat-
you want to keep out of the etorm," she
ple behind." she cried, trying to throw
her voice far down the mountain. The
¦wind was coming in gusts and her words
carried only in snatches to those at the
end of the guide line.
"You can crawl into one of the holes if
"I'm breaking the way for all you peo-
eurface with a vengeance and she shouted
to the others behind to see what big holes
Ehe was making.
Some of the women screamed. Their
voices were drowned in a screech -of wind
that bore with It the snow, j
The blizzard had come.'
The party had reached a point 300 yards
below Crater Rock. Only a little" distance
above lay. the summit. But of. a sudden
the peak had become immersed in flying,
driving, hurling snow that fell and. twirled
In tiny, hard-frozen particles, that, stung
the face like, flying sand. .With needle
points it . etung-with tiny po'ints of : the
hardest etiow. These beat ./upon their
faces and Whirled in clouds that moment
arily stopped their breathing. ;
"Can't we hide somewhere ?" a woman
cried, feebly, pifeously, " .V':
•; "I can't breathe— I can't," another
. - ¦
tered them afar over the mountain side,
so that they were lost to all save the
nearest one. Somebody who had not" heard
her stumbled into the hole she had driven
with a lusty "dig of her alpenstock.
In a little lull of the wind something
that the guide shouted . came ' back and
spread along the line. ¦. - "^- :
"Brace down there, all of you. Some
thing's coming."
"\|'It's a snowstorm!"
"*Ut's a blizzard!"' ¦
The cry swept like the ptorm Itself.
\' r \ served with it.i or; quartered eggs
around ¦ the mold," or . chopped -aspic jelly:
;Cold' lamb, " sliced ;thiri.' is improved by 'a
border of broiled tomatoes, and cold roast
beeris rendered more appetizing by them
also.'-" .-¦•¦« •¦:':•:¦;¦ ¦: '¦ '¦ ';' . ¦'?¦ ::;'¦¦'¦'¦ .':¦'¦' :¦:•.. - ' : . "¦
If there" is r nelther a hot dish nor one of
cold meat -for 'the main ' supper course,
then there may be a. rather heavy, salad,
either :. chicken 1 or. -lobster, * or, a' potato
salad f made by^ mixing equal parts of po
tato,\'EnglIsh f walnuts and stoned olives
-with mayonnaise,' and 'puttings it:. on ;let-"
tub-?: -. But '-if .there is another dish. besides,
tlien a light salad, such as a plain French
'dressed lettuce," or tomato, "or a'; mixture
of • tomato ¦ and :" cucumber, ? Is ; best. ' Vege
table salads^are indeed °. the -, most refresh
ing -In 'summer. ; Cold ; cauliflower,- or
string beans,' ,"or asparagus with; either
French dressing or-, mayonnaise 'is dell
'cioiis.'—Harper's' Bazar. .' [ "' ' . , A •' ' ¦
•i? ELLIED chicken is easily prepared.
rt..'JI and* makes an attractive dish,
S—v especially, If there ar"e;stoned olives
DISHES FOR
HOT WEATHER
," "The , women's dresses are ; made " with
only two seams, one on each- side, so : It
makes a. very/ loose dress. It , is - short* >n
the back and. front. and long o"n;the.".t\^|fe*
{and, they almost always wear a long be^:
ed 'belt and-a" shawl; in fact;: they wear a
shawl all . the time ; when it is not around
the.head and shoulders it is tied around 7
tlie\waist. .They. never, wear a' hat of a'riyi
kind;, even -on -the, hottest days they are
bareheaded.'. 1 — Sioux Girl ' in". Good : Hoube
kcepihg. " ** , .. -':.-'¦¦ , - v
""The women are always getting up
somekind'of a '^east; that Js.theyhavo
them very often, and' especially if 'one a'
their sons or daughters gets married, they
twill spend 'their last cent to. make, a great
¦feast. They have a certain man, go around
and tell everyone to come to that feast,
whenever '. It'.: may ...be ; , then .when j he has
come back and told them that'he Has tolrl
every one, the women give him a horse:
When they have the feast the women' all
dress up'*in their ..brightest, colors, 1 p-dnt
their faces and : put all the. bead. work they.,
can on itheir. little- children. They have
a great time 'talking, especially the old
."women and: men.- ' ..-..'
The women when at home 'are' almost al
ways 'sitting: in; their tepee,'; doing some
kind' of bead work:! ..-'
By the next day she was pronounced oat
of danger. The first thing that she said
upon comprehending the whole story was. *
"What a shame that I couldn't' have been
conscious to enjoy the fun!" .
Which is - characteristic! : lTor "Bethel
•Rawson is nothing if not gamo.
Faintly there came a shout, and an
other. It was McElfresh calling. He was
alive then. Was she?
The party almost fell down. the rest of
the way In their haste to reach the two,
and the hurrahs rang out loud and dear
when they found that no , damage wu
done. Only for an instant, : though, . for
there was work to do. Miss Rawson, Just
regaining consciousness, for the professor
shad cut the ropes that bound them and
had been chafing her hands and feet while
the party was descending. She needed all
that Impromptu medical attendance could
do for her,' and the whole party pitched in
and worked like a hospital full of doctors
to help her In her fight for. life.
It was Miss Hall who said it She was
"There they are," some one pointed out
as the timber line was neared.
There they were, indeed; for two figures
could be discerned on the ground. But
how were they? Alive or dead? The par
ty held its breath.
"I heard something."
A shove, and it was done. Over the
steep shot the toboggan with Its human
freight. Down,. down—
The men strained their eyes until tha
thing was out of sight. One turned away.
He could not look.
. Tied together, the party left commenced
the descent. The snowfall was lessening
now, the cold was less biting. The excite
ment of suspense over, the two who had
gone ahead acted as a stimulant, and, the
descent was made In good form and quick
time. H>:"
"Go ahead," roared the professor.
"Ready!"
"Man alive, we can't do It!"
the terrible risk about to be undertaken.
Silently they stood by and watched while
the helpers dragged the strange toboggan
to the starting point above a smooth
stretch.
It was a fearful thing to look below. For
below stretched the precipitous glacier.
gasped, -choking with the sleet that drove
against her face.", ./ -. ¦:
. "Come on, girls — we. can make' the sum
mit." It was Bethel' Rawson. Julia Hall,
the girl next her,' plucked up .courage.
She said afterward that nothing, made
her so ashamed as* to think ' that- Bethel
held out bravely, to the end, .when • she
must in reality have been . suffering so
much more than any of the rest. .
"We can be sheltered if we -reach -the
crater," called the guide, and ; his- words
were picked up and carried along the
line. • v - ; '.'¦¦:•
"Shelter at " the crater—pass ;the ' word
along," called one after another. •-.'
"Shelter at the crater."
"Shelter at the crater." . . : ¦
"Pass the word along. Miss Rawson."
The professor ahead of her .turned to
see why she was not shouting the news
joyfully along. 'As he" did so,- he felt a
tugging' at the' line that* ' encircled ;'. : hi«3
waist: 'Bethel had fallen.. '¦¦ , £X : ;. :¦ V, , .
\,"What'sUhe matter?"., he cried, spring
ing.: back to her. -As he ;did so 'he'" 'jerked
the line and 'dragged the man 'ahead to
the ground.'. "-¦ . - . ; :¦ . .; ; -. V; ' . \
,<This , one V' sprang . up V and .- ran- /back
tpi' where.; the girl -lay .unconscious. .'^Pro
fessor ¦ McElfresh, who was with 'her,- -wins
already' dragging her. along. , J . .
."You'll^ have -to .'help me," he; said. ' "I
can't carry her, alone." . '. '•..''¦'-"' .
Even the two of them ; could not carry
her on that perilous ascent. They had 'to
drag her as,best they might/ for .the climb
was "difficult in- the .extreme arid -fraught
with danger to any one without a burden.
It'was a. miracle that the three of them
ever reached a spot of shelter, thirty yards
below tnV crater. ."...'.. . . " :
there they shouted to the rest of
the party who had ; already reached: the
summit.. Men. rushed down.*. , ;
¦;" "There's a better spot above," the guide
said. . : . /. ¦'¦'¦.' ;'.; ;". V.: :' ' ¦ '.".-¦ -:¦..".
Panting and :¦ struggling . to -make their
wayi" three. of the men set out for a 1 shel
tered spot at- the summit. -A. third went
to help Miss Hall, who' was patiently.mak
ing, her '¦ own' way up -the climb, too-dis
tressed at her friend's danger ,to utter a
word of complaint on her- own account.
'. Under' the shelter of a jutting rock the
twenty-four -.worked!, over .their uncon
scious .".: companion, striving , by • every
means in their power to -revive her. But
the intense ; cold f and the ¦ exhaustion, of
the long climb had done their work''-' thor
oughly'and the brave girl lay as In -death.
¦ "She's got" to" be taken back to' the base
if * she's ever; to revive," pronounced .-. a
doctor finally. "This, fearful cold and tha
great altitude are more/than .nature." can
contend with." ..
rigged ropes as ; he commanded, rigged
tffeniin such away that a complete and
simple system of guide '• lines was ready
for the long coast. -¦" ' :
'•"Careful, now!" he warned as they
picked up the ;unconsclous girl.
With slower hands,- with gentle ones,
they 'laid her. at full length on her back
upon the body . of 'the professor. ; They
strapped herein position and put the guid
ing lines into his hands. "'
• "You're ; sure it's all right, professor?"
He gave a few last tugs to make sure. „
"Yes,.' we're -ready," he - said, and he
did'riot flinchtheh, 'either.
¦ The onlookers /were dumb 'with awe at
-
"The party" stood dumb. Here vvas the
• necessary-, thing i stated: -How - was It to
be accomplished? , ;,\J, .'...'. .
, could not : be carried in any .one's
, arms. She, could not be : carried between
two.. The descent was next. to impossible
even under the best conditions. In tie
-storm, on the -slippery -footing, any one
> : who; attempted to carry such a burden
would of. necessity be dashed to dea:h
with her. -
r Prof esaori McElfresh,* the literal, had
not been talking during the commotion.
He had, instead, been. doing an immense
amount of thinking. :".-. •
"I'll -take . her down," he sifld bluntly,
in^ the end. • -
"On a toboggan."-.
¦ The rest looked at one . another. 'The
professor . was surely wandering. i>.<.
. "I can make a toboggan of myself."
"If you try it— "
" ~"ff w jjj- 'certainly—" "
*He waved \ their objections away like
gnats. "¦" "Help me. arrange, the toboggan,"
he commanded, and there was not one in
all- that party who thought of disobeying.
A- plank, was found. It was strong, but
-cruelly ; rough .to one lying stretched and
strapped upon it. The professor did " not
flinch at -that. ¦ . -\
"Flat- on' his' back he 'lay on. the plank
and the others strapped him- closely: so
closely that he. and the - plank ; could not
part company: -With .^hurrying. hands they
tingling.
There was some comfort In looking up
at the column of smoke-like vapor that
rose from, the far-above crater. To be
cure, they knew that it did not mean fire,
but they chose to pretend that it did.
"Thos* clouds are nothing but wrea.ths
of a«;ueops vapor condensed by the cool-
Ing of the atmosphere," said a professor
In the party, a literal man.
But popuiar sentiment overruled him.
"They are as good as smoke so long as
we can make them look like it," said Misa
Rawson, "and H's easy enough to imagine
a fire behind sm»ke. I feel much warmer
already. Tou, prifessor. don't know what
a blessing imagination is. You ought to
cultivate some of it"
"I am cold," said 1 the professor. *„•
Poor Miss RawsonJ Her c Imagination
didn't keep her warV in the end, al
though It served to keej the whole party
In a jolly good humor so Vpng as it brave
ly lasted. And although Uie professor's
brutally literal way of looking at matters
was at times something of aWet blanket,
nevertheless he developed an imagination
later <n the day that concelvS^ of such
a deed a*, had never been doneNpr dared
before. . \ '
Although the *niddle of July is\ warm
enough about the base of MountVlood
there is opportunity for plenty of climatic
change between the base and the sXaj
mit, which, after all the squabbling, h\s
been settled upon as 11,700 feet. The part*
were not tenderfoots aad they knew.
enough to dress warmly when they start
ed out. and to carry more wraps.
Even with this precaution the cold was
growing terribly severe. After a while
the Jokes grew lame. Then they almost
disappeared.
Bethel Rawson. of all the twenty, kept
on talking- grayly.
She drove her spiked shoes into the icy
THERE are various ¦ways of descend
ing Mount Hood. One is on a man.
This Is not the customary way.
There are very few men who care to
effer themselves for the purpose, so if
anybody is starting out to find a human
toboggan he may Tiave to look long and
far. But there is one man. Professor Mc-
Elfresh by name, who has tried the thing
and, although he " Is not anxious to be
coasted on again, he says he would sub
mit to tt once more under the same cir
cumstances.^ .
He did it to save Bethel Rawson's life.
It was the only chance, and it succeeded.
There is no story so strange in all the
annals of perilous Mount Hood since its
first ascent in '66 by Wood and Atkinson..
Coasting down its glaring. Icy steep on a,
human toboggan— that is the strange ride
that Bethel Rawson took the other day.
It is a ride that she would always remem
ber, except that she cannot remember it
at all, for she was unconscious all of the
way. . r .
As long as It came out all right in the
end, which It did. she can joke about it
now. Bo can Professor McElfresh. Both
of them are unharmed.
They were both among the most enter
prising of the tourists who ever tried the
ascent. When Miss Rawson was planning
it she said that she meant to do or die.
She rever really thought of anything but
the doing, of course., but the result came
perilously near to the dying. - -
She is an Oregon girl, with grit to throw
to the birds. • .
She had made mountain climbs before,
but not one like this. She already knew
that she was as sure-footed as a goat in
strep places, and that she. was level
headed, which is better yet. Tou can get
along or. a mountainside with almost any
kind of feet if your head Is all right:
likewise your heart, and Miss Rawson
had no lack in this respect.
Her home is in Demoes, Oregon, but she
has not spent all her life in it! She is
something of a traveler, and where she
travels she always makes it a point to do
whatever her hand and also her foot find
eth to do. So when she traveled to Wash
ington and thereabouts and came upon
the base of Mount Hood, and when she
heard that people climbed it she never
hesitated a minute, but made her arrange
ments to climb with a party.
There were twenty-five in the party and
they were a Jolly crowd. They plowed
their way up through the snow with a
deal of joshing and laughing that helped
to keep the blood In their veins warm.
It needed all it could get in this line. Foot
by. foot as they ascended the cold in
creased, and now and then they stopped
to swing their hands before and behind
them with great slaps that set them
5
THE SUNDAY CALL.
DOWN ON
MOUNT HOOD
A
HUMAN
TOBOGGANcjj^> POLICE PATBOL BOAT
f\ is absolutely necessary
Ji in t this harbor. The
crimes of such people as
"wharf rats" are a disgrace to
our beautiful city. A police
beat, supplied with a search
light, could , soon clear the
wharves of the pests. Eastern
people are very much surprised
when they are told we have no
police patroL Every decent
man along the water front will
hail its coming with ftelight.
P. L. Henderson.
Chief Wharfinger.
A POLICE PATBOL BOAT is certainly a necessity. Rascals
known as "wharf rats" should be severely punished, as their
very presence on the water front is detrimental to the inter
ests of the merchant. In addition to preserving' order, such a boat
would be valuable in case of fli e. Our commission has two tugs
available day or night, but assistance from the police patrol would
be a great help. * -~'.r.
Paris Kilburn, President of the Board of Of Harbor
Commissioners, Considers it a Necessity.
¦a microscope. If an ant is lightly touched
while it Is making these weak movements
it becomes "more brisk and acts as though.
it had just been aroused from" sleep. '
-According to M. Devaux, some ants can
even be.restored to, life after, they have
been In the water for sixty hours. Others,
onthe contrary, though they manifest a ;
few signs of life, 1 die at the.ehd of one or
¦two'days.' ' . ,-..
"I have," he says, "seen an ant mani-
fest a momentary return to life afterit
had been submerged for 110 hours. "I left
three ants lying inert at the bottom of a.
vessel of water {from 6 o'clock In .the
morning of May 9 to 8 o'clock in' the morn-
Ing of May 14, andjwhen I took them out
ono became quite lively after-It had
passed a few hours in the" open air. This
insect." therefore, V recovered completely
after it had been, five days Wder water.
I do not believe that there is on record
any example of an insect being resuncl
tated in this wonderful manner."
One would naturally think that insect*
which generally live in the' watMV and.
which only occasionally come to tho *ur
face for the purpose of breathing would
be able to resist asphyxiation lonser than
ants and other land insects, but iuch la
not the case. .The experiments mada «by
M. Devaux show that aquatic Insects are
more easily asphyxiated than ants.
Fats are the basis of all cold creams."
Wax and Fpermaceti are often added 1 to
give requisite firmness, but possess no In
trinsic value. They are inclined to clog
Glycerine, properly used, is an invalu
able cosmetic. It whitens, softens and
dissolves coloring matter when carefully
combined with other agents, such as rose,
elder flower or orange water. It is very
Injurious used in concentrated form, as it
burns, parches and yellows the skin.
Fats or oils Ehould b« melted over a
slow fire by the least possible heat, and in
a double boiler preferably. The method
as given of adding the other ingredients
should be closely adhered to. Tinctures
and extracts are Invariably added at the
last, when the mixture has slightly cooled,
and drop by drop, or at least very slowly.
IN preparing creams or lotions, It must
be remembered that the formula
should be followed exactly if certain
results are expected.
TO MAKE COLD
CREAMS.
Many people can't smoke a dozen cigar
ettes without getting a sore throat. In
veterate cigarette smokers are frequently
troubled with a perpetual cold in the head.
It Is not the emnke that Is to blame, but
the dust, Now, if you use a cigarette
tube— amber, cherry or cardboard— a tiny
bit of cotton wool in the bottom of it, will
catch every particle of dust.
'cleaning devices are of little use In
making it fresh. But if you pack the bowl
tight with grass or hay and lay the pipe
aside for a few days you will have It as
eweet as when It was new. Talking about
smoking, here Is a good Idea for lighting
matches. Don't light them on your trous
ers, for you'll burn slits in them; nor im
your shoe soles, for you'll rub the heads
off. The plan is to rub them on a. piece of
paper— a folded newspaper, an envelope, a
ticket. The silica in the paper acts like
sandpaper.
HERE Is a good tip for a smoker.
The best pipe grows >foul some
times, and the various • patent
HINTS FOR THE
SMOKER.
.An ant, he says, after being submerged,
doubles its body up three or four . timea
and then becomes absolutely inert.
Though apparently drowned. It soon be
gins to move after It is taken out of the
water, and at the end of five or ten min
utes it walks about as well as ever. ;' If
they remain submerged ror several hours,
say from six to eight, ants require a
longer period, at least half an hour,' to
recover themselves. . The- direct heat j of
the sun seems to benefit, them greatly.
Even if the submersion lasts for twenty
four hours most of the drowned ants
come back to life. , They do not begin. to
move for half .or three-quarters -of an
hour and their first tokens of life 'are so
: slight that they can only be seen through
;'.¦'¦ to ascertain'- how long they
would be able to resist asphyxiation after
they had been submerged in water. ¦..'.
r& DEVATJX, a French physlolo-
II )(\ glst> recentlv made experiments
ii M\ : with insects, his" object being
ODD EXPERIMENTS
WITH INSECTS
bright polished knife, probably well suited
to slice my anatomy to a queen's taste,
He approached my. chair, looking .around
cautiously. I suddenly sprang up and,
"Jfe Cdas Jaken Completely
by Surprise."
|7 T Is within bounds "to say that this
I country spends at least $13,000,000 a
ii year 00 golf. Fifteen million dollars
la a large amount even to an Amer
ican. Few of us hive that much pocket
money, yet I believe the sum to be well
within bounds wAen reckoning up the an
nual expenditures for golf. Remember
that a few years ago the Morris County
Golf Club a^ Morristown, N. J.. although
already boaitlng fine and extensive links, „.
added in /ne purchase SSd.000 worth r »i'
land to 1« possessions, so that clubhouse
and llnis now represent an expose of
about'^50,000; that the Midlothian Coun-
I try Oub, near Chicago, represents at
leas$ an equal amounj of expenditure and
ow*s a railroad two miles long, over
w>lch the "Golf Limited" conveys mem
t.ers of the club from the Blue Island
station of the Chicago. Rock Island and
'pacific Railway to the clubhouse.
In round ivumbers there are 1000 listed
clubs In the United States, but there must
be many more. I myself belong to a club
within little more than an hour's railroad
ride from New York, but It has not yet
got Into the "Guide." How many more
clubs must there be that have escaped no
tice? The total number easily Is 1200. al
j though I think 200 is a small aggregate
I to allow as having escaped the official
#ye. Considering that the Country Club
at Brookllnc, Mass.. has 730 members, 'and
that It Is not at all extraordinary to find
golf club3 with over 300 members. It is
not unreasonable to allow an average
membership of 120.000. In New York City
there are 2000 players who are not mem
bers cf any dub. Golfers of this class
throughout the country must aggregate
at least 30,000. so that the goKers of
•America may .be put down as 150,000
utrons. Certainly It Is not too much to
allow an average annual expense of $100
each, which makes the total $15,000.000. —
Gustavo Kobbe, in Harper's "Weekly.
What GolF
Costs Us
"I was disturbed in my slumber by a
rattle of the door latch. I knew none of
the crew were to come back that night,
so I promptly suspected . wharf rats. I
lay still and,. my lamp being turned low.
I resolved to give my midnight visitor the
"I could hear the water lapping against
the sides of the boat and this sound, in
company with the ticking of my little
brass clock, was the means of making my
sleep easier.
"One night It happened that I was alone
on board the B , and after reading until
nearly 12 o'clock I threw aside ray book
and filled my pipe afresh, stretching out
my feet " preparatory to a comfortable
erooze.
A story is told by the second officer of
a small vessel on the water front which
illustrates the nerve of these rascals. He
says:
and money, the thieves taking some of
the ship's belongings Incidentally.
One starless night, while crew and cap
tain of the good ship Tacoma were deep
In. slumber, members of the gang sneaked
aboard and took down the ship's bell,
tied a rope to it and sunk it. fastening
the other end of the rope to the timbers
of the pier. This feat being accomplished
In safety, they grew bolder and, going
down into the hold of the big "cheese.*
It was evident that tho rats had "bor
rowed" a tug to tow the big raft across
the bay.
After considerable trouble and unavoid
able delay, a tug was secured, and. after
cruising about the bay for some time, the
raft was found grounded on Alameda's
chores. • .
ing discovery that their raft waa gone!
With stifled curses they reported to Cap
tain Dunlevy. Although they heaved the
news at him In chunks, the amiable Po
lice Captain Instructed his men to hire a
launch and make a "voyage of discovery."
This story, the foregoing record of
wharf rat robberies, and the opinions of
the Chief of Police, the president of the
Board of Harbor Commissioners, the cap
tain of the harbor police and the Chief
Wharfinger are offered as conclusive
points In an argument In favor of the
purchase of a police patrol for the har
bor of San Francisco. It 13 the only har
bor in the world without such service.
The public officials want it, the citizens
demand it. "..'..:;
der the wharves there would be discov
ered many a hidden treasure, and evidence
of many murders."
Ho t w ithstandhto
that the act of Con
gress passed March
31, 1900, and the regulation '
prescribed by the Treasury
Department pursuant thereto,
relieve the Police Depart
ment from the duty of board
ing incoming deep-water ves
sels, there is still a necessity
of establishing and main
taining a properly equipped
patrol station, supplied with,
a patrol boat. No time should
be lest in doing it. '-•'•
A. J. Dunlevy,
Capt. Harbor Police.
A launch sufficient for all purposes could be \purchased for
$5OOO, and its subsequent maintenance -would be small indeed
compared to its usefulness. Our city leads the world in many
things, but is sadly lacking in efficient harbor protection. The
efforts of The Call in this direction will be appreciated by the citi
zens of San Francisco, and especially by the harbor police.
¦ ¦ • * - ¦-,,..-
THERE is a great need of a properly equipped patrol station, on
the water" front. The mere presence of a patrol boat would tend
J> " to preserve order.
Its Mere Presence Would Tend to Preserve Order.
Says Chief of Police W. P. Sullivan.
•jAuviiit, mm lull in the race, .sent him
staggering to the other end of the room.
"He was taken completely by surprise,
and before he recovered I had secured my
revolver from the shelf and leveled it at
him.
' "In as cool a tone as possible I said,
•What's the row, friend?'
"He said nothing.'but picked up my
rifle, which stood in the corner, but find
ing it unloaded, he threw It down In con
tempt..
"Coolly putting away his knife, he
pulled out his pipe and calmly remarked.
'Guess you've got the drop on me. pard;
reckon you'll 'low me to take a smoke,
won't you?' .
"I stood as one in a dream, and me
chanically gave him permission to fill his
pipe.
"On being asked who or what he was,
he said: 'Pard, I'm not much; I'm a rat.
If you had all the stuff I've swiped,' he
continued, 'you'd fill your bark. I've kept
the police guessing. When they appear
on the dock we fellers takes a ride through
j "I was never visited .by wharf rat3
again, but I see every dag the great ad
vantages to be derived frOTn the presence
of a police boat in our harbor. No doubt
this very day. were a boat to search un-
"With a bound he was In the water
hidden by his skiff and slowly swam to
the wharf, dragging with difficulty his
heavily laden boat.
"He disappeared In the dark shadows,
and all that he left behind was a little
disturbance In the water.
"I refused, for I knew his little game.
de tunnel. The police have no boat, so we
have a skinch. If you let me go easy,
pard. I'll show you something and treat
you right.
"I remarked that I couldn't do better,
as I was obliged to remain In the ship, so
he said. 'Foller me.* He opened the door
and led me to the stem; here I looked
down and saw a small skiff containing a.
mysterious cargo covered with black oil
cloth. ¦
"He tnrned suddenly to me and said,
'Better shake, mate; I meant no harm.'
Imprerslon that I was asleep. I confess
my heart beat more rapidly, than usual. :
"The door opened slowly and the visitor
stood In the doorway.
"I noticed through my half-closed* eye
lids that he far surpassed me in size and
strength, and I realized that I would have
to make up my Inferiority with coolness
and strategy.
"He fumbled in his inside vest pocket
for something and presently drew forth a
aft cf logs moored somewhere near the
foot of Marie street. On awakening one
)rigrht morning they made the astonish-
«^"f "WHARF-RAT" Is the smoothest I
f I rascal the police run up against.
[-"I In their own language he Is "a
*• I warm article."
A He usually plies his nefarious
business on dark, foggy nights, but some
times ventures out in the broad light of
the mocn. • " . ' ¦ .
When a "cheese" Is "located" the
Ecami-s procure a small skiff, and, placing
the oars in the bottom of the boat, they
shoot under the wharf. ¦ .Through that
dark, silent tunnel they push their boat
from pile to pile until under the dock at
which the "cheese" is moored.- One cf the
rats, who is the scout of the party (usual
ly three), shifts aloft; that Is. he squirms
up on the dock to investigate the possi
bilities of a safe "hauL"
If the coast is . clear he taps on the
boards which shield his waiting pards.
The boat is tied to a convenient pile and
the wharf-rats "nibble" the chees*. They
stealthily race the deck. One runs art.
one below, one for'ard.
Sometimes the cheese holds a few cases
of liquors. Under these circumstances a
case is emptied and lowered Into the boat,
then the "small bottles" follow. A rat
Blips into the boat and quickly. and skill
fully replaces the bottles in the case. An
other case Is treated likewise, and an
other, until the "commodore" cries
enough. Then, without accident, the skiff
starts on her dark, "underground" return
trip. Many times the goods are sold to
Baloon inen on the water front. If they
cannot be disposed of readily, the spark
ling fluid trickles down their brown, bare
throats and keeps their "whistles wet"
for a fortnight.
Detective Harry Reynolds one dark
night observed some suspicious move
ments around the docks at North Beach
and immediately made an investigation.
This was fortunate, for he discovered, not
only the thieves but their plunder. A sloop
was filled with liquors, brandies, etc.,
from the Potrero, and a heavy and miscel
laneous bundle of tools, "swiped" from
the Union Iron Works. \ ; "?
That was a clever capture for Mr. Reyn
olds. /¦:..; ; -; ; \' : -:;C : :'\ ¦
One night the "gang" robbed a bonded
warehouse of twelve cases of whisky,
•which they conveyed in their fekiff, under
the wharves, to the foot of Vallejo street
From here they packed the cases up to
the saJoon of a restaurant keeper, a fat
Italian, who boug-ht the fire-water. It was
afterward discovered that the whisky had
been kept stored away under the wharf
near the warehouse for two weeks! Note
this. •
Healy, Tibbltts & Co., pile-drivers, had a
It was only a week or so ago when the
captain of a ship waa robbed of his watcU
A hundred cases of tin to be sent to
the Alaska canneries were piled on Fol
som-street "wharf No. • 2 and the rats
helped themselves to seven or eight of
them. Their escape ' was easy. By th*
time the police had secured a boat the
rascals were a mile away.
Many "minor" Incidents might be re
corded, such as the- stealing of a barrel
of sugar or knocking over an Italian fish
ermen and sailing: his boat full of fish
across the bay. there disposing .of tho
scaly cargo.
The Tacoma incident is a familiar topic
b; conversation among the members of
the harbor police.
Night after night hides jailed up on
Broadway wharf disappeared in lots of
half a dozen or more. Fifty have been
stolen "to date. As is their custom, the
wharf rats sneaked the hides down un
der the wharf into their boat and navi
gated to South San Francisco.
Broadway wharf seems to be a favorite
rendezvous of the wharf rat element.
And they did not stop at this, either.
The ship had a number of horses aboard
and the rats Induced two' of the horses
to enter the water, presumably to land
them at the first point of land they
reached. But for some reason qr other
they quit their job before getting the
horses to land, and the beasts were
drowned.
they cut the rivet in a shackle of the
cable chain, so that when the ship drop
ped her anchor in the stream the cable
would run out and drop to the bottom of
the bay. subsequently to be dredged and
sold for old iron.
PROTECTION
THAT ISA
NECESSITY.
WHARF RATS OF THE WATER
FRONT AND THE NEED OF A
POLICE PATROL BOAT
6
THE SUNDAY CAJuIl.trict. How often misfortune and dis
couragement come to this " class of
mothers. 'Many of them have known bet
ter " homes and surroundings— have beet)
reared carefully. Trouble never discrimi
nates.'and when a person is oh the down
ward path it is often. most difficult to get
a start -the other way. * After trying time
and 'time again, the struggle ;seems - too
hard. This is the kindof people , we try to
reach. The cheer and help that'are given
them— mothers who have" anywhere from
four to a dozen children— is mainly in the
line of lectures,' talks, entertainments and
religious exercises. They are always by
1 those who understand ' their 'needs. ; those
meets our hair Is crowded with mothers
from the neighboring streets and the ba
bies that are too small to be left at home.
It is a pleasure for them to dress the tots
in their best clothes, to leave care be-,
hind and to start for {he Friends* humble
home. There they know they will lind
the greatest of human needs— sympathy.
There they will find those who are inter
ested. in all their, doings, those who are
glad tojsee them .and to have a pleasant
chat with them. It is. an afternoon joy
fully, and profitably spent '. by all.
.'¦ The"; Sunshine Kindergarten, which' was
so pre-eminently successful under the
wise guidance of the teachers who were
employed, : "passed : into : the hands of the
In our work. To "preach the gospel to the
poor, heal the^broken-hearted, preach de
liverance to the captive and recovering
of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them
that are bruised" is our aim. '
This teaching is carried out in the
Wednesday -evening prayer meeting/ in
the Sabbath morning service held at 11
o'clock, and in the evening services,
which are weekly held in Sunshine Hall.
The evening services are often preceded
by an open air meeting on the street. Vis
itors are \ always cordially welcome to
every department of our work, and to
every and any service. . -
God help you to help us to help "others.**
"Doubtless you, have often observed the
vaudeville meal. I Wan the kind, of
spread which is set. out when the sou-
"The stage meal is the same, whether
tho hour be that of breakfast, luncheon,
dinner or supper. If your seat is in '"the
orchestra, and the stage is far above you.
the meal (doesn't count for much, because
you cannot see the awful waste that the
table contains; but should .your seat be
further. back, or in the balcony, the weird
conglomeration of stage food then be
comes altogether too apparent to' the eye.
The stage meal is the same/whether it" is
being served In a tenement such as Will
iam H. Crane lives in before his fortune
is restored, in the last act, or whether it
is spread in over the dressed parlor scene
of the refined vaudeville sketch. The In
gredients seldom differ; only the dishes
are changed, while flowers cover a large
plot of space. '
its well versed in matters histrionic;
"they are -'far from being the least in
teresting feature of the perform
ance, and quite often they attract
more attention than the star himself. Ex
cept in a few instances, provided by such
real turkey plays as "Shore Acres,' the
stage meal has trailed a long way back
of other theatrical features. Scenery has
been improved and made more realistic;
ccstumes have been regulated so that they
are worn; acting' itself has kept Vapace
with the onward march of general prog
ress, but the stage meal has stuck. For
years "it has maintained a monotonous
level of imperfection, and, finally, I have
given up hope that it will ever reform.
YOU folks who go to the theater fre
quently, did you ever consider stage
meals?" asked . the old-timer, who
PIDGIN ENGLISH." or "broken
China," is a queer lingo, mainly
English, but containing also Chi
nese, Portuguese.\ Malayan and
East Indian words. It\ originated in
China, when- the pioneer\English mer
chants settled in Canton, lacking time
'•md patience, these men dii(L not study
Cheese, but the natives with whom they
dealt toon learned many EnglUh words,
of which, in accordance with Chinese Idi
om, they formed sentences. \
Travelers in China are apt to injagine
that "pidgin" merely consists in substi
tuting the letter "r" lor "1." and ln\the
liberal, although meaningless, distribu
tion of double "e," but it is, on the cort
trary, a really ingenious' simplification oft
English, which makes many words, in ad
dition to their cv.n duty, do that of sev
eral others.
Various to. t books containing Chinese
phrases and the equivalent "pidgin" ex
ist, and are studied, not only by sen-ants
end tradespeople, but often by natives of
higher degree. Even a dignified Man
darin will occasionally repair to the of
fice of one of h«s foreign friends and ask
to have tsome article in an English or
American newspaper turned for him into
baby talk.
Moreover, the expressive gibberish col
02 s the upeech of foreigners, even *•> their
intercourse with one another. For in
stance, no foreign resident of Shanghai
could describe a restive, ill-conducted
horse by any other word than "bobely"; a
note 1* always a "chit," a present a "cum-
Eha," etc., etc., while as for "can do" no
one can do without it.
The word "pidgin" means business, and
In this "business" English comparatively
lew words need be learned.
Thus "my" stands also for "I" and for
"me." "Belong" in addition to filling its
own proper position, replaces the verb "to
be" in all its moods, tenses and persons.
"How are you?" is "How fashion you
belong?" "How have you been?" is "How
fashion you have belong?" "Thank you; I
am very well," is "My thankee you; just
now me belong No. 1." "Do you think
the weather will be tine next month?" is
"How fashion you' thinkee next moon
weather belong No. 1?"
And the way to reply. "I am not sure
the weather will be fine next month; I am
afraid there will be a great deal of rain"
is "My no savey true weather next moon
belong No. 1; my alia same fear catchee
plenty rain come down."
"To pay" is also give, and to hand.
VHe gave me a present" is "He have pay
ray one piecee cumsha." "Hand me that
shawl" is "Pay me that piecee shawl."
To bid a servant hasten upstairs, quick
ly find a book and bring it downstairs to
one. is "Boy! fightee go top-side, look-see
what-slde one piecee book have got chop
chop. Catchee, bring downside, pay my."
"Top-side" and "down-side" , express
heaven and hell, as well as upstairs and
downstairs.
Male servants are always addressed as
"Boy," and "side" is also added to the
names cf places, as, for instance Shang
hai-side, Peking-side, Tientsin-side, etc.
"Where" Is "What-side." "Where is it?"
"What-side. have got?" "Chow-chow"
means 'food and to eat.
"To squeeze" not only implies physical
compression, but also to exact a commis
sion. "To squeeze too muchce" is to cheat.
"To be pretty", is to be "good looksee,"
"to be ugly," "bad looksee," or "no good
looksee." '
THE QUEER LINGO OF
PIDGIN ENGLISH.
brette, in short skirts, trips in and trills:
'I-am- expecting-a- young- man- here-to
dine- with-me- to-day-and-I-:have-a-nice
litlle-luncheon-ready-for-:hlm.' Yes, " In
deed, ,we have,, all seen that lunch. ¦ It
fairly makes our mouths water. There
is a. tall dish for celery, with celery in it.
Celery is always good for comic business,
such as fanning the girl when she faints,
or, dusting one's shoes. Well, as I was
saying, there is celery, and lots of it, in
the tall dish. There are several rosy
apples, an orange or two, a squad of rolls,
and, perhaps, a coffee pot. If the play is
very realistic, there may be. coffee in the
pot, but if not— nay, nay. Bring in a stage
hand, in a dress suit and tan shoes, first
giving^ him what looks like a champagne
bottle, with water inside, and the delight
ful illusion is complete. I saw a meal like
that the other afternoon on the stage, and
after the male members of the sketch
team had taken about three : bites and
splurted out the coffee because It burned
him— very funny— he rose up and said with
a smile: - .."
." 'There, I : feel; as if I couldn't eat an
other morsel for a. week!' Well,; I sup
pose many a time "he hasn't^ had the
chance, beins a veteran actor. .'
"The vaudeville meal is not- the -only
sparsely settled stage poke-out. I have
seen John Drew, after telling T the audi
ence how .hungry, he' was; in one way or
another, .for ten minutes, sit down amid
beautiful scenery to an empty : chafing
dish: and -a bottle of real wine.* I have
always envied the ¦ actor ; who could r have
Teal wine and consider it a mark of pros
perity, in the show; that "provides it. >¦ Still,
wine -without food 'is .'at :t times injurious,
particularly; when you see a couple of
characters in {^society drama pour it into
them for 'breakfast."— Brooklyn Eaglet
THE MOCKERY OF THE
STAGE MEAL.
Will you reach to aid them?
Will you give your mite?
Will you help. the "Workers"
Win lor God and riKht?
A Bible school, where the children were
gathered in -to study with consecrated
teachers the Wcrd of God, was ths foun
dation-stone of this work. *
From this has sprung the "Boys of Gar
field Club," which meets every^ Monday
afternoon.' The purpose of this Is to teach
the boys good and useful things and start
them, if possible, on the way to pure
manhood. The houses in our part of
town are small and there are no roomy
yards, or, for that matter, there is no
room for them in the house either, ex
cepting just long enough to eat and sleep.
Consequently they are on the street all
the time sfter school, and it does not take
long for them to learn all manner of bad
habits that will cling to them a life-
t'.ir.c. There is no restraining or soocl ir.
liuence about this part of town, and we
were surprised at the interest they took
in the liome and its Work from the v"ery
first. ; .
The Sunbeam Society; or Girls' Club,
meets every Tuesday at 3 p. m. The girls
are instructed by able leaders and teach
ers in home, social and religious duties.
They are taught self-reliance, self-support
and whatever is- calculated to fit them
for useful lives as they come to woman
hood. The plain talks on pl^in subjects
connected with their everyday lives cer
tainly must result in good. Some of the
helpers were a little discouraged at 'first,
hut gradually they noticed a slight change
for the better, until now the girls who
have been with us since our opening
would hardly be recognized as the same
harum-scarum, willful children.
Sunshine Sewing School meets .every
¦ V ¦. .. ¦ ¦ ¦ r , "
Thursday' afternoon. . In «his there ard
six grades or classes, and it is extremely
gratifying to . note the rapid progress of
many of these pupils. At first they are
taught the numerous stitches," then how
t<5 baste, to darn and to cut. Lastly, they
enter the planning and designing class,
, and when they are able to make garments
neatly and well we feel that our time and
labor have not been wasted, that we have .
sowed a seed that will never completely
die out, no matter what comes. The teach-
ings of our childhood are strong and sel-
dom if ever extinguished. .
The Mothers' Home Sunshine Society
meets on Wednesday afternoons.' In no
line of work have we seen better results "
than amone the mothers of Sunshine Dis-
who know life in all It* phases, for how
can one talk understanding^ on a strange
subject? The worlc Is proving to be a
rreat source, of joy to them. Surely
Jesus, the Lord of all, who sent the first
message after his resurrection through
: the ' lips ' of a woman, is well pleased to
have these mothers fitted to bear the glad
message of redemption to their children
and their neighbors.
On the afternoons that the society
We uk the sympathy, prayers and sup
port of any and all who may be interested
A new feature has been recently added
and is for the partial support of the work.
It is the "rummage" store. There one may
find all sorts and conditions of thing3.
Most any article ef clothing for people
of all ages and sizes. Furniture, fruit,
groceries, and even toys may be found
there. Hats and shoes, pins and ribbons
may.be found side by side. Anything in
the way of cast-oft clothing or any of the
above named articles will be thankfully
received at 928 Harrison street. The nu
merous articles are quickly sold, and the
small price asked has been the means of
more than one youngster wearing shoes
and whole clothing. For where there are
eight or ten' little children, which is more
often the rule than the exception, it takes
a good income to keep their lively bodies
covered and warm. Nothing Is too old or
too worn to be of some use. If it does not
fit, "necessity is the mother of invention,"
and it can be turned and twisted until it
does.
Our aim is to raise th* standard of edu
cation, morality and religion in. the wide
and fertile district surrounding Sunshine
Hall. It is a field "white unto the har
vest." .
Two days in the week the children troop
in by the dozens to take out books which
are listed in the regular library form.
The* little ones want showy picture books
and thrilling tales and it is our aim to give
them what will be most apt to attract
their attention and please them most. The
habit of reading is not easily formed, but
when once strong, 13 exceedingly hard to
break. .
Perhaps the part of the work that gives
the most pleasure is the library, "We have
about 500 volumes, besides numberless
magazines and papers. Nearly all of
these are the gifts of. those interested in
our work. A reading room adjoins the
library and anybody is at liberty to go
there at stated hours and read. We are
always glad to have the place crowded,
for it shows that we are prospering, and
besides the time could not be spent to bet
ter advantage.
Golden Gate 'Kindergarten Association at
the beginning of this year. As tho de
mands enlarsed the financial aid proved
inadequate ; therefor* the change.
«-H jr ANY have inquired: ""What is
I \/l the Sunshlne Work? Who are
I Y I tho Silent Workers?"
1 Many more have never heard
of the work or workers.
Briefly, then, in March. 1S?S, a work was
begun at 934 Harrison street which has
been owned and blessed of God. While the
labor of repairing- and cleaning the rooms
was going en a gleam of sunlight shot In
;it the window and "lay aslant the floor."
Its light and shine ' seemed to cheer and
rrarn the room and from this came the
ireplraiicn to call th<» place "Sunshine
!-' a'l." This is especially appropriate as
• 'i is ¦work is for the express purpose of
'. :"r".n"ir.g help and cheer and sunshine
'¦/. ; *.hc homes and lives where there is
v" prr;at 2T.ount of these blessings as is
¦> ays true in the all too thickly populat
t. iliftrJcts c-t our great cities.
: ' ho Silent Workers are those who are
''•*ct!y connected with the work and
c : Cse this name because their desire has
< • rr been to be unobserved by the world
I -i in all things "keeping step with the
I.T;:stcr." They are a corporation of the
State whose membership and manage
ru«£t is composed largely of members of
the Society of Friends called Quakers. ,
Our motto is "Others," for—
• • Others have their sorrow*. . • . •
Ju«L as great &s mine.
Oth«-s have their burdens.
Heavy, too, as thine.
Others have the heartache.
Others shed their tears.
Others tread the thorny way
Through the weary years.
Others' bands are ladened.
Others' feet are sore,
Others' hearts are saddened.
Other*' spirits poor.
Others need true sympathy ,
And the tender prayer,
Jveed the willing, helpful hand-
Do you, dear one, care?
Others' hearts are breaking
With a smothered woe,
"While they battle bravely on.
Struggling, bending low.
« a ipHIS is the sixth of ft series of
I articles being: published by The
* Sunday Call in the interest of
charity as exemplified by those char
itable institutions of San Francisco
controlled by ¦women.
These papers are either written by
officials of the different organisa
tions or have been read and approved
by them, and therefore can be relied
f.pon as accurate in detail.
With the guarantee of such au
thority they cannot fail to awaken
interest among the many readers who
know, in a general way, that good
work is being done, yet lack specific:
information as to how, where and
l»y whom. The following article was
¦written by Mrs. Anna Parrish, presi
dent of the Silent "Workers.
THE STJISTD A Y C AXX;
7
AT THE HOME OF THE
SILENT WORKERS¦".'¦ - ¦ ., • ¦ -¦'¦' \ .¦,.'. . • 1 ._ , :...', ..-..,. r -1-,- .- .
. One reason", for. the apparent. scarcity* of :
animals -.was- that most of the : creatures ;
f which make their abode In ' the. canyon i ore''
a ppropriately , enough v nocturnal- in 5 habit. •
Even in that gloomy , abyss .the '. day is too :
light ¦. for.' them. '•'¦' There are - woodchuclis
nwary to at tor a . consiaeranle distance at
a height cf 13) feet above the river; -which
was there rushing at terrific speed under
the rocks. Again, there would be a short
space of - water in - which the craft could
be launched, though it haid to fce let down
the rapids by means of a rope. The boat
was used chiefly in crossing the stream
from time to time,' but where possible it
¦was floated, with 1 the outfits on board.' It
would be , let down with tne | utmost care
fulness, one man aboard, 1 standing in the
middle, T7ith a Ions pike with which he
kept it from i being pounded j to " pieces on
the rocks.- At other i stages' it was not
safe to trust , the precious outfit in* tho
boat and the men wouldstrap the Instru
ments, -» bundles of v provisions, etc! on
; their backs, treading. their, way alongHhe
narrow rock shelf beside the torrent.
From the beginning of the trip to the
end. only a^few animals were seen, though
an occasional bear or a ' mountain ; sheep
was espied. ; During the first few days the
bears; were * ' comparatively • numerous,
those creatures' having -: long made- the
entrance to ¦ the ¦ canyon ' their home, . ai>d
they seemed to ¦ resent the- intrusion = uf
the strangers/growling savagely. But as
the depths of .the gorge were reached 'it
became too .wild for the* bears, though
not for 'the mountain- sheep — timid brutes
which I have ' been '. hunted ( from every spot
that man: can- reach, rifle In hand. %¦ Tha
bears were, of, the black or .cinnamon
species,' which find 5 a : congenial; home in
such . inhospitable ' regions. ::¦••' , •
-The last day 'was the saddest. "When
undergoing hardships men of ; the kind,
that composed this party are not down
hearted, and the • greatest dancer is re
garded with* a smile. Any one's mishap.
On one day, during this last stage of tha
Journey the explorers were able to travel
only 1500 feet, nearly all of the distance
being over rocks where the boat had first
to be unloaded and then dragged. Into
this part of the "chasm it Is impossible for
any human being to enter alive except by/
the , way these "ftve men came. The wall/
rise to a height of just about half a mt«
almost- vertically, and often there is ho
footing, on either side -of the river. One
cr two of the: party would go ahead J ex
amine the prospect in front of them for a
few : yards and - then ¦ return to assist in
moving the boat At every 100 or 2fi feet,
sometimes, , ths boat had to be unloaded
and the outfit carried on the backs of, the
members of the party, bnt now and then
it happenedthat they could no longer find
any foothold, and under such circum
stances there was nothing to do but to
trust entirely , to the boat, taking the
chance of what a sharp turn in the stream
a short distance ahead might reveal.
•On the day before the last of the jour
ney the whole party got a ducklnsr, the
boat being caught in a whirlpool and sub
merged. : Similar accidents happened more
than once on the .trip, making it neces
sary, to land, build a fire and dry the
clothes and bedding. Most unfortunately,
many photographs which had been taken
.were destroyed "by the wetting of -the
films. v ' .. • -. ¦¦-
happened on ths seventh day. when Hovey
fell from a bowlder, striking on his head
and receiving a severe scalp wound.
" The first . fourteen dgys of the trip were
the easy ¦ ones, relatively speaking, ten of
the fourteen : miles j being . covered in that
period;" .Seven days were, consumed in
traveling the remaining four, miles. Only
cne serious accident occurred. : and -. Uils
and > various ¦ queer fcteds ' of rodents,
' including, jumping mice, kangaroo mice
and. pack rats— those curious and higniy
disreputable relatives - of the, common
house rat, .which make- a- business of
stealing * *-am : travelers' camps .whatewr
they can lay, paws upon, from. a spoon 10
any small article of. merchandise, their
only object in view apparently being mis
chief. High?, up on the mountains, : too,
occurs, the ¦ plka otherwise known, as the
"little -chief," which is a relative of tha
rabbits and , one of the least known of
American animaJs. . v " v : ¦
\ A peculiar and ; quite unfamiliar birJ
*Tras found in the canyon, which excited
the curiosity of the / members v of ; the
expedition. They, describe, it as a weinl
'sort of- feathered creature, ; which ; sought
,the solitude of the very darkest part of
the gorge. ' What it actually was nobody
can say. though the abyss is known' to be
.'inhabited -by several species or owls — ions
eared owls, little screechowls, big horned
owls, and the great sawwhet owls,,wnich
last get * their name' from their strange
• cry.' which * sounds like ' the ' sharpening . of
, a saw. Another . bird . that finds its home
in the canyon is Townsend's Sol!tat:a,
which hasa peculiar and melancholy
note. A\notion;of the tumultuous char
acter>of the Gunnison "River; is obtained
from the fact that- its -waters, as they
: flow, through. the gorge; are without, -fish,
.being, too rough even for the hardy moun
tain trout;, which are supposed to revel In
any . torrent.'-, .".¦ y ¦¦..,<
tains — a costly enterprise which the resi
dents of the Uncompahgre Valley are de
termined to undertake if it is proved that
there is no other way to get water." .- . ¦
Before going further, it may be well to
state that the exploration yielded con
clusive evidence of the impracticability
of the ditch plant. It.was found that the
walls of the canyon became steeper .- as
its depths were reached. The party was
twenty-one days in making a journey of
fourteen miles from the junction of the
Cimarron River; with the Gunnison, near
Cimarron station, and in. that distance
there were only five points at which it
would be possible for even the most ex
pert .cliff climber to scale the rocky walls
and get out of the gorge. The walls,
while only thirty feet apart ln places, are
from 2100 to 2600 feet high, and as a rule
are nearly perpendicular. In many places
there is not so much as a foothold to be
had, and were a ditch to »e, built, the
workmen would have to begin at the en
trance of the canyon and cut it out of the
solid rock all of the way. .;. »-.-
A glance at a map will show that the
Orunnison River, -which. pursues its tortu
ous way I along the bottom of the Black
canyon, eventually joins the Grand River,
an affluent of the- mighty Colorado. It
was the project of the expedition to fol
low the current of- the ¦ stream .through
the gorge until, if they were successful in
making the passage, , they ' shonld reach
Delta station, beyond the further end. .
The party had two boats of very or
dinary pattern/ .whicn- were provided,
however, with extra keels to strengthen
the bottoms and enable them . to with
stand collisions with, rocks, while, for'an
additional precaution, the sides were
ribbed with iron . rods. At the bow- and
Btern ," each, boat were ; iron loops,
through, which a- rope could fce run for
letting the craft down rapids. The Larger
of the boats, named the City of Montrose,
was eighteen feet long and three feet
beam; empty It weighed ¦ 400 pounds. The
other one was called the John C. Bell.
On, the second day of the voyage the
John' C. Bell • was wrecked. <The larger
boat had been successfully .'.'whipped"
through a narrow ' rapid, when" it was
hauled up on the bank, and the explorers
returned to bring, the other one through.
They had let It down almost . the full
length of the cable when suddenly a
cross current caught, it, swinging it
around in such a manner that It fetched
up fore and aft, upon some bowlders be
tween which .the ¦' current ran. In an
instant its sides were crushed and tl>e
fragments of. the wreck, with one-half of
the provisions and outfit, . were ¦ carried
away. Not the' slightest trace * of tho
wreckage or of the lost articles was found
during the rest of the voyage. ' ?
In several places .the river disappears
entirely from sight, flowing under ¦ huge
piles of bowlders, which have fallen from
the cliffs. Tearing ; beneath the - rocks
unseen, the water* makes a deafening
rear, at times so loud that two men stand
ing with hands clasped cannot make their
voices audible to each other. In. other
parts of the. canyon the stream flows. on
in awesome silence, the .' rock walls rising
so steeply and so far aloft as to exclude
the rays of the sun. "..- • . ~ • ¦_ - • . •
The explorers* sensations we're as if they
had been in- the depths of a mine, and,
looking up toward the sky at »full noon
day, they could see the stars shimmering
overhead as if it were midnight.
At on,e spot it was necessary to haul the
!f the Twrtlt Is rot aarious. is a subject of
joke, and the accidents which befell Cur
tis, the only tenderfoot of the expedition,
gave rise to much amusement, his inex
perience in boating causing him to be
called the "landlubber," a strange title for
a man to win 1400 miles from the seat and
more than a mile above sea level, but on
the last day, 'when it became obvious that
the trip could not be completed and must
•be abandoned, there was genuine sorrow.
After the hardships that had been en
dured, and " which would have disheart
ened less seasoned men, they realized,
that there was one part of the canyon
through which no means men can com
mand could possibly carry them. They
had come to a cataract sixty feet in
height, between precipitous walls of solid
rock of an altitude 90 tremendous as to ex
clude the sunlight at noon. On neither
side was there » possibility, of gaining a
footing by which to make the descent.
Even if . they , soulS manage to lower the.
boat ln safety, they would be unable to.
follow It. V
Nor was there any certainty, if they
passed the 'falls, that they could escape- -*
To return the way tney had come was im
possible. 'The boat could not be forced
back agJnst the current, and it was out
of the question to carry their provisions,
*ven if they had had enough to last them
on a. return trip. The canyon was only
thirty feet wide at the bottom, and above
ther* loomed the nearly vertical walla
wh«fl seemed likely to hem them ln for
*wr.
The situation seemed desperate enough.
5"o scale one of the walls was their only
salvation, and they did it. Everything was
'left behind. The boat was abandoned, and
with it the outfit, including prov'dlona
and ' water. There was not a dry eye In
the party as the explorers, Ju3t at day
break, bade farewell to the sturdy littlo
craft that had brought them through such
difficulties and dangers, and turned their
faces to the east wall of the gorge.
Stripped of all but necessary clothing,
'hey began a climb which lasted from
daybreak to 11 o'clock at night, at whicn
hour they had made the ascent to an ele
vation of 2S0O feet (just about half a mile)
on a 600 foot slope. That is to say; ihey
were but 60U feet back from the river and
?600 feet abore it. All of these hours they
had i:either food nor water.
At the top they found f Hernia, who pro
vided them with everything they needed.
Not yet daunted, they tried to ascertain
ff it would not be practicable to approach
the impassable falls from the other end
of the canyon— i. e. from Delta Station.
This, they learned, would not be difficult
«p to a point within one and half mirea
of the cataract— the Falls of Sorrow, as
the explorers named them— but there
again was a stretch that could not ba
passed. They have not yet given up tha
enterprise, and this winter they will make
another attempt to reach the fal»3 from,
•the Delta end of the gorge, when the
river is frozen, starting out with ice hook3
and spiked boots, and carrying their out
fit on a sled.
On , * h « first <*ay out the boat which
carried the expedition was swamped all
the provisions being lost, and the voy
agers, fortunate to f escape with their
lives, abandoned the project.
The successful accomplishment of the
feat was reserved for five men, who set
out on September 10 last, with a deter
mination to go through the' canyon or
perish in the effort Their names were
"John H. Pel ton. J. A. Curtis. M F
Hovey, W. W. Torrence and E. B." An
derson. Pelton had been a pioneer In
the Yukon country ln early days, long
before the gold discoveries, and his com
panions, with the exception of Curtis
who was a civil engineer and relatively
a tenderfoot, were likewise hardened ad
. venturers, afraid of ' nothing In the way
of danger or difficulty. Two boats were
loaded with provisions, a cooking outfit,
surveyors' . instruments, a camera and
other necessaries, and thus equipped the
explorers set out upon their perilous
journey. ,
It was by no means a spirit of 'mere
dare-devil adventure that inspired the ex
pedition. The object of it was to find out
. If there was not some path by which the
¦waterB of the Gunnison; River could be
conducted "out of the tunnel and made to
irrigate the drought parched farms of the
neighboring region. It; was a" question
¦whether a "hillside ditch" might not be
buill In the chasm, so as to bring a por
tion-of the descending stream near the
tops of. the cliffs, and so save tunneling
three and a half miles through the moun-
" *7Y T last the Black Canyon . of ths
f I Gunnison — the most frightful
A— I gorge In the geological wonder-
V. I land of the West— has been con-
JL quered by man. A party of bold
explorers has passed through it and
emerged In safety, climbing over almost
vertical walls half a mile In height- •
They have done what no other human
beings have ever accomplished— what it
was believed no human beings could
successfully attempt. The story reads
i>T^ .f *7 e ' and no wonder. It is
J,«tE^I ative of a trl P b >' rive r far be-
S.^ surface of the earth-a river
itv° U J h a chasm of appalling profund
«&ht i«?f* °£} y * bears and mysterlout
ni^ht-loving birds find a home.
4aKi • * s } ly , sash rI PP e <i through a desert
tabletand is the Black Canyon. Some
™i »f5 r 2 US Tltan ln a vanished epoch
might have cut It with a jagged knife—
« U dl h tH OUS ?^ strata of thf plateau
jt,v« ptb i, of t alf a P Ile « as on e slices a
layer cake, but awkwardly, bo that the
ft a ?s P «n U S e £ is lrre^ la «- and torn Black
It is called because Its extreme narrow-
S..2. i? P">P°rtion to Its profundity
hv« ? 1 ch i sm of P er Petual gloom, the
ri\er at its bottom running through a
eunless avenue of towering walls of ever
lasting rock.
Through caverns heretofore deemed
SS? U i T e S u? m l n the ra P Id Gunnlson.
itself In reality the carver of this won
derful canyon, pursues its course. From
Uf"* £S t i m . e adventurous persons have
*nS fnin O i*F?h* l ° make the trip from
Z??~nJ f 0 . f u} h *J?°Z se ln boats - and one
attempt cf this kind was actually made
o. few years ago by a surveying party
sent out by the Denver and Rio Grande
Railway to examine the canyon and de
termine whether a road could be built
through it.
8
MYSTERIOUS
GUNNISON
CANYON
EXLORED
AT LAST9
.... .:.'¦¦ ¦¦»¦•".--..'¦ -\ ;' ;
; :THEv; SU-S p A Y ; C ALL.
CRACK" ''¦¦ POLO PONIES WHICH
WILL' BE -ENTERED IN DEL
MONTE RACES. BY : THEIR OWN
ER. FRANK CAROLAN.
In the match., played on June 30 between
teams representing the two countries. Old
Knsiand won easily, though some of the
strongest players were absent.
Apparently the Caljfornia , Cricket Club
has given up any idea, of forming a team
'during the present, season.' , as. last. Sunday
the Santa Cruz eleven included E. ;G.Slo
man, W. H. Howard and A. G. Sheath, all
formerly well-known California- cricket
ers.' Sloman played a fine innings of 41,
hitting hard and .freely, and offering not
a single chance. - , . -,. -¦-..- . . ; ,"
To-Aay the second match between teams
representing Old England and ¦¦ Young
America . will be played on .the. Webster-
Street , grounds, Alameda, the Old'Eng
land team having been selected by a com
mittee consisting: of H. C. Casidy, .R. B.
Hogue and' A. G.* Sheath. F. J. Croll,
assisted by two others, picKed the Toung
America team. . - ¦ . .. .
The tournaments for the championship
of^Southern California will commence to
morrow at Santa. Monica and will run the
whole of next week. These tournaments
are the most important ones held oh the
coast outside of the championships held
at San Rafael. The presence of several of
the best local men will add interest to the
events and it would not be very surpris
ing if the different championships should
be- annexed by: the 'northern' men. : The
men who will represent the bay cities are
Percy. Murdock and; Reuben Hunt, of
Alameda, Harry "Wiehe and Die >. Adams
of Stanford' and _Drummond MacGavln of
the -University of California. Murdock
and Hunt : are. the present champions In
doubles; but 't will be a tUfficult.'matter
for them . to retain their honors, as the
pony: team is considered -to -be stronger
than the holders., ; ¦-- t "
The lad'es are fast getting into trim for
their events to be held at the<end of the
month. '.Miss Hall and Miss Hoffmann are
practicing: dally. at San Rafael, while Miss
Hunter, Mrs. DuRanlcr and several other
fair experts ar» doing their practice work
on^the local courts. ¦ • .
YOUNG AMERICA TO
PLAY OLD ENGLAND
TENNIS CRACKS GO
SOUTH FOR HONORS
through the Georgiana Slough. William
Humphreys of the sloop Mischief, having
made several similar trips, will pilot the
fleet. Secretary W. M. Edgell and fam«
lly left Sausalito on Wednesday in the
yawl Royal for Suisun and v/ill join the
San Francisco fleet at some point on the
river. The fleet will return in time to see
the race for the perpetual cup on the 10th;
The Sausalito yachtsmen are complain
ing vigorously about a quantity of crude
petroleum which is permitted to flow into
the bay from the tanks of the North Pa
cific Coast Railroad and which produces
a greasy band on the sides of the yacht?
as they He at their moorings. The stain
left Is worse than that of coal tar.
- - The, sloop- Catherine, . now owned by
"James Sutton and formerly the represen
tative of the- San Francisco Yacht Club
in one of the races of the perpetual cup,
is for sale. •
It is said that the. South End Rowing
Club does not propose to send up a barge
crew, though one or two single sculler3
may go; A." W. Pape of the Dolphins will
pull in the single shell race and Leo Weln
and imthe skiff racel T. B. Keenan cf
the Dolphins, who has already built a
shell, is new engaged In constructing an
outrigged skiff, and may go up to Astoria.
In the 1 regatta at Victoria, B. C, on Juiy
27. the Portland crew won the senior foiirs
by a 3hort distance from the Victoria
men", the Vancouver boat being about four t
lengths behind. The beats were even. for
the' first third of the course, when, the
Victorians began to gain. Later the' Port
land crew spurted and won a fine race "in,
8:39. ' • ¦¦ - • -
-It- Is said that the University of Cali
fornia intends to attempt to row in the
four-oared shell just received from Ith
aca^ but it Is to be hoped that the Berke
ley .. oarsmen will not be so ill-advised,'
Not one of the four can row even fairly
well on a fixed seat In a barge, and to
attempt to sit a cockswainless slldlng
seat racing boat on so short experience
Is folly.
The carsmen are discussing, the ques
tion of what crews and single scullers' are
to go to the Astoria regatta. It ia'pretty
certain that the Alameda senior barge
crew", having won. the Lake Merritt race,
will go, especially as the Pioneers, hold
ers of the senior barge championship of
1900,. will not go nouth. It is thought not
unlikely that the barge crew of the Olym
pic Boat Club will be offered a chance to
visit ; Astoria, though the crew has. little
or no claim to do so, not having even en
tered in the Lake Merritt regatta, and
containing only one man who has ever
done I anything in rowing, T. J. Sherry,
who was second In the. junior outrigged
skiff race on July 4. ' The Ariel four, be
ing. made up of Robert Ellis, W. T: Howe,
H. Foley and E. L. Smith, two of whom
were members of the crew that took first
place in the junior barge race on Lake
Merritt, the other two being senior oars
men,' think their claim should be pre
ferred. . ¦ . : : • •
After playing at Burlingame the lad'es
will co on to Del Monte, v;here on the
.morning of ---August 10 the qualifying
round over eighteen holes, modal play, of
the I men's i amateur competition for the
Del Monte cup . v/ill be played, the first
match round among, the sixteen who qual
ify being scheduled "for. the afternoon of
the game- day. This competition -will con
tinue on August 20 and 21. ; -The Del Monte
cup last year was won by Ernest Folger
of the Oakland Golf Club, John Lawson
of .the San Francisco Golf Club being dis
qualified v for playing in, the qualifying
round , In company with a professional.
The strongest candidates for the trophy
' this ' year are ''¦¦ Ernest Folger,' I winner . of
the first Pacific Coast men's amateur
championship; John La wson and B. T).
Adamson. , 'Unless: C. ; E. . Orr, amateur
champion , of Southern California in 1900,
C. E; Maud- or H. .M. Sears should come
,up from the .south," the winner will- al
•most certainly be one of the three golfers
named;,;- '¦ ¦". .¦'¦¦'..•-.• ¦ - v ¦''''¦'-,,¦.¦¦.¦ ,\.;.
¦ On August .21 the first women's amateur
golf "championship of the Pacific .Coast
will begin, and for this Mrs. R. '* Gilman
Brown- of the" San Rafael; Golf Club'; ia
the; favorite. She is now. at Del Monte
practicing, and. unless Mrs.' J. VW, Bowers
of Garvanza,' women's champion of South-'
em' California, come up will have
alnicst a walkover. On August 24 the
first -competition ever held' "for -the open
chempionship of- the Pacific^ Coast for am
ateurs and, professionals will beein.
Golfers are looking forward to the "com
petitions which will' take place at Bur
llngame. and. Del Monte. The contest for
the Por.iatowskl cup at Burlingame will
be." the third 'of . its kind. . previous win
ners being' Mrs. George, Doubleday bf'Ne-w
York, then Miss Alice Mofntt of the Oak
land Golf Club, in 15f9,~ and Miss Caro
Crockett: in 1900. If Miss' Crockett should
repeat her victory, of last year, the hand
some silver trophy which stands on ¦ the
mantel • piece' of the living room at the
Country Club will become her permanent
property. The contest will take place c;n
the links of the Country Club on August
iz. ;-.- .¦.--¦¦.¦.-. ¦ -./¦¦-.;¦¦
Yesterday the sloops Thetis. Cygnus and
Mischief and the yawl Phyllis started on
the annual cruise of the San Francisco
Yacht Club up the Sacramento River.
Last night was spent at Collinsville and
to-night the fleet will tie up at Walnut
Grove. The return trip will be made
. . \ . • ; ; — ¦ . •
/\r\r\vial Glam Bake of the GorintKians at
the Jiburorv GIvib J~Iouse. • -•
YACHTSMEN PLAN FOR
CHALLENGE CUP RACE
OARSMEN TRAINING
FOR ASTORIA
REGATTA.
No scheduled tournaments are being
played at this season on the San Fran
cisco or Oakland links, though many golf
lovers practice there regularly. The local
courses are all hard at this time of the
year, and the Oakland golfers estimate
that from three to six more strokes are
required now r.ver their course . than in
winter. The Presidio course Is in the best
condition of all the California links.
On. Saturday, July 27, the. Benedict cup,
presented by Mr. and' Mrs. J. J. Crooks
of the San Rafael- Golf Club for competi
tion among teams made .up of husband
and wife. -over nine holes,- medal play,
was won by Mr. and Mrs. W. Gerstle with
a net ecore of 42. : Mr. and /Mrs. Carter
P. Pomcroy were second, Mr. and Mrs.
George Heazelton third, Mr. and Mrs. L.
A. Wright fourth and Mr. and Mrs. A. A.
Curtis fifth, out of the fourteen teams
that. played. The contest gave so much
pleasure that it was decided to hold a
similar one yesterday,' for which Graham
Babcock offered two prizes.. The match
yesterday v/as a' mixed foursome, over
nine holes, medal ,• play, "with handicap,
the- teams not necessarily being made u^
of husband and wife.
GOLF TOURNAMENTS
SCHEDULED FOR
THE MONTH.
*: The Wild-Tralee- Just Eclipsed . litter "is
• on the card to win and many figure that
the final .wlirflnd; at least one of the lot
In the running. Tame Tralee is considered
¦the .best performer of '. those on the list.
The name of. Tralee Boy was inadvertent
ly, omitted* from 1 the. stake .and; In. conse
quence Tim | Cronin | is ' deprived of a good
chance for first ; money. The Boy held
Rocker r down Vto the , hare | in | their : recent
go' and | that | performance .is j worth ; *the
mentioning. .He and Tame Tralee were
given "private trials last week. and- both
beat their 'opponents. ';;•' There is a match
on now between the pair and wine suppers
are wagered on the result.
The; \ representatives , of- the St. Law
rence-Mountain > Belle litter, St. , Laurie.
Little Jack and Sea Flower, .were raised
in | San: Joaqiilri.^ W. J. Browning, their
owner,' has such' confidence in' the ability
of his greyhounds ; that he : has announced
his . intention , ¦ of entering, the one i that
makes the best. showing in; this event In
the John Grace stake. . . • •
: The Roystan-Flery Face litter ... on
breeding lines should ehow at tho.top, but
they, ; are four months from their age and
not the,, wonders' that were expected from
the cross of such high class strains.-. ¦
Not much of a line can be had on the
Candelarla-Rosie B litter. ¦,•..<, .
For Freedom; his sire, Is the fad for the
stake, "find . Golden' Russet, .h!s dam, la
considered class herself. •¦ .. . . .
Eona Magnlfica, a sister .of Amadee, Is '
on the list, and is considered a fast, clevjr
performer. \-". ..-;; ¦ .. ¦". ••¦¦ ' •
* Very quietly the knowing ones' speak
the name : of Aeolus i as ¦ the one that ¦ is
likely to .be enrolled: on" the scroll at the •
finish of the stake. That Aeolus ,haa the
speed and top- speed, too, has hot been
questioned. < He led the fast Freeze Out
a good bit nnd was cr.ly- beaten after a
long trial. It is said that ho has not seen
a hare since . this performance and that ..
lack of experience miTht' tell against him.
but even then if he shows in any kind of
condition he will have a dollar or two on
his chances If only for the sake of his
good breeding.
Amadee, a For Freedom-Bona. puppy,
has a host of supporters. Itcan bo said
of this contestant . that she ia posseessed
of great speed. In private trials it is
claimed that she showed herself sufficient-,
ly fast' to satisfy her admirers. Her only
fault, though she Seems to be overcoming
it, is that she lacks the dash when near
the- hare.,.
F.or Liberty, the last of the litter, has
appeared tv'"* and in one event divided
with her brother. Ice Man. She. is a. small
one and ¦ will not "have the; backing .that
her relatives will carry. ' ;^
ever, the dog has been on the sick list
and it is only hearsay concerning his con
dition. - y : • :
your\g Jiovmds Will Gourse for the Richest
Glass Stake Up; to Date.
There .are a number of competent judges
who figure that Ice Man, if conditions
are favorable, wiB be a strong factor. In
his ' first and only stake he showed the
Epeed over, the:.' lot: and-made 1 a lasting
Impression.. Since, the' performance,, how-
Cold Shivers ' is- a big, husky, willing
youngster and has been picked from his
first appearance as f the dog . that could
go the route, bring home honors and in
cidentally the big; «nd- of the purse. Shiv
ers is a strong on© and "has a fair share of
experience. Nothing, in hi3 showing, has
changed the opinion of his backers~and
he yill • go the slJpa with a fortune on
his \ chances. ' ¦,'."•'.' ' ; ¦'
The For Freedom-Amarosa : litter is
looked upon as the best of those of 1900
and will carry the bulk, of the 'money,' at
least.at opening time. .Freeze Out is held
as the choice of the lot by many well
informed leashmen and will undoubtedly
be well played for J final honors. -Freeze
Out has experience on her Eide and suc
cessful experience at that. She has .the
Bell Brandon cup event to her credit, as
well as . a puppy stake, and was runner
up to her brother. Cold Shivers," In'a'sim
ilar, class. By": many she is not given the
speed of Shivers,- though they figure her
a good investment.
Among such Jot of ultra-fashinoably
bred youngsters favorites, of course, are
plentiful. The long-odds book has not
yet" been o'pened. but the "correct" odds
are already figured and In possession of
the knowing ones,
. The knowing ones who. form the "tal
ent" and are alive to the doings in dog
xunnihg have had a chance to get a line
or two on some of the entries in this high
class rich stake and as a consequence
dope-mixing is in full swing.
The entries show ! a marked ¦ advance
ment in breeding, the result of carefully
studied crosses. The stake, too, is, con
fined to a small number of sires and par
takes much of the "family" affair. In
quite a few instances entire Utters have
•been entered and paid for.
.'. The prizes for this year's event are
certainly alluring, as nearly $2500 will be
distributed to the successful candidates,
and a glance at the list of competitors is
enough to satisfy the most strenuous of
objectors that the aggregation of young
Coursers is worthy at the purse, for a bet
ter.lot of puppies than those nominated
could not be gathered, at least for this
year.
< HE next big event In coursing and
one that is holding the attention' of
dog breeders and followers of j the
game is the Futurity, The stake is on the
cards for Admission day and as the holi
day falls on Monday, the usual. Saturday
and Sunday of the sport' combine to make
a three days' carnival for coursing* enthu
siasts.
BRlTDINQ AND RECORDS
OF FUTURITY CANDIDATES
HIGH-CLASS POLO PONIES
WILL RAGE AT DEL MONTE
Preparation^; for ;lKe Sixtk Arxiyual Meeting of tke
J ; A pacific • Goast c i&tiorv
O-N- August 19 the polo players anrl
i their ponies : will show at Del
.Monte. This will be the sixth an-
meeting of the Pacific- Coast
Polo and Pony "Racing Association, and
elaborate plans are in, course for a gen
eral carnival of sport. So far the set pro
gramme accounts for six. 'full .days, but
there is every chance' of a' prolongation of
the meeting into the last week of the
month. . . - . .
Polo and polo pony racing have taken
the fancy of the wealthy young men of
California and it is extremely doubtful if
there, are better polo ponies or polo play
ers anywhere in this country. The River
side, Santa Barbara . and Burlingame
teams 1 are. composed of young men whose
dally occupation Is saddle sport. :• They
ride cross country, .race or play polo day
after, day, and those who know say they
are "the equal of. any body, of horsemen
who take tt) the saddle, for pleasure and
sport. This year the "Southerners" will
not send teams to Del Monte. Several pf
the players will be at hand, though, and
from. them teams will be formed. :
Four days have been ; set aside for. polo
games. There* will certainly be enough
entries to form three teams and possibly
four. In that case regular tournaments
will be- arranged. Following the polo,
which ., is on the programme for August
19, 20.' 21' and 22, pony racing and steeple
chasing will be in order. Much pros
pective interest has been centered in the
pony races and the competition will be
keen; and strong.' Several ""of the Bur
lingame riders are breeders as well, and
lately a strong rivalry has sprung up be
tween "Walter Hobart and - Frank Carolan
in their endeavors to seevh-e the best
ponies for polo- and racing. Tom Driscoll
Is another who 'owns- a fine lot of polo
ponies. In former years these same ponies
were rather cheap affairs. Bought up any
where for small sums, they, were trained
for the game and not one out of ten was
worth anything. It is very different now.
The polo pony of to-day is in reality a
small thoroughbred racehorse. Hobart re
cently sold one for J3500. The Blingumites
are new paying as much as $300 or J40O for
high class pony stock. So something new
and better is expected in polo ponle3 when
the meet opens at Del Monte. '
For ponies to be eligible to allraces for
polo ponies they must have been played
in the Del Monte polo tournament of 1301
at least during two full periods.
Besides polo and racing there will bo
golf and tennis and possibly yachting. The
golf programme is as follows: August
19— Men's amateur competition for the Del
Monte cup. Qualifying rounds at eighteen
holes, medal play. The contestants lrak
ing the best sixteen scores will play e's^t
een holes, match play, until but two com
petitors remain, who . will then play tfco
final round of thirty-six* holes, match
play, on successive days.
Entries for the Del Monte cup should be
made on or before August 20, addressed
to the golf committee, Pacific Coast Polo
and Pony Racing Association, Hotel del
Monte.
August 21— The Pacific Coast Golf Asso
ciation competition for the women's ama
teur-championship. Qualifying rounds at
eighteen holes, medal play. ' V^- ; «
August 22, 23, 24— The match rounds in
the last named competition at eighteen
holes. • » . ;.
Entries for the Pacific Coast women's
championship must be made on or before
Wednesday, August 14, in accordance. with
the rules of the association.
\ - - • . :¦ - -
THE Corinthians will hold their an
nual clambak* at the Tlburon club
house to-day. \ The clambake Is al
ways a very i*)pular event, which
attracts a large numttr of the members.
Preparations for the bake will begin at an
««rly hour this morning and the feast Is
set for the noon hour, \ftcr hunger and
thirst are satisfied thereXwill be an Im
promptu jinks in the maln.hall. •
Though the Vallejo Yaeht Club was
notified some time ago of the'selection by
tf '» Corinthians of August lOVs the day
for the race for the perpetual challenge
cup, th» challengers have not definitely
accepted tiKi'date. Unless, however, some
positive objection is lodged by tte chal
lengers that da\ win stand. Thl sloop
Helen has had some changes made yhich
have slightly Increased her racing leagth,
which is now given at 2; 08. This alWs
the defender of the trophy to have a i&c
ing length of 29.78 feet. The committee,
consisting- of ex-Commodores A. J.'Youn*
and Carl Westerfeld and Commodore HA
D. Hawks, charged with the duty of pre
paring the sloop Presto for the race, has
retired and the management of the yacht
has been turned over to her owner, Frank'
Stone. The members of the committee did
not agree as to what changes should be
made in the .sloop, two of them wishing to
put all her ballast outside, while the third
thought it best to leave the yacht as she Is
and try no experiments so near the day
of the race. The inside ballast of the de
fender will be made more compact and
she will be fitted with a. tiller Instead of a
wheel. Her mast has been cut down
about four feet and her bowsprit reduced
more than a foot in length. • The chal
lenging loop Helen was cruising in * the
upper bay last Sunday and even- the fast
thirty-six-footer Speedwell found diffi
culty in shaking her off.
CARNIVAL OF SPORTS FOR THE
MONTH
OF
AUGUST« a TpHE character of the polar bear is a
curious mixture of cowardice and
il daring, for it will fly at the sight
of man, but V1U often come close
Up to the huts and sometimes even try
to enter them, says London Field.
When met with in the waters bears are
killed with harpoons. On receiving tne
first w6und the animal utters load roars.
seizes the weapon with its teeth; pulls It
out of the injured part and hurls it far
away. Sometimes, but by no means in
variably. It will turn upon Its assailant.
Quickly it receives another spear, or bird
arrow, from a second kayak man,' from
whom he turns after treating his weapon
In the same manner and sometimes
breaking It. and in this way the struggle
is continued until the bear Is overcome.
The most important precautionary^ rule
which the hunters have to observe is.
when during the fight the animal has
dived, to keep a sharp eye down into the
water In order. thaV'It .may not come up
unawares right under a, kayak. Its white
gleam can always be seen when it ap
proaches the surface, and there is time to
gat away if it be coming too near. When
a bear is encountered in the water or
amid somewhat 1 scattered ice its capture
Is considered a certainty, for, although an
excellent swimmer, it cannot get away
from, a kayak. In the northern colonies,
where they are . seldom seen, the Green
landers appear to be afraid of them," but
such is far from being the case in the Ju
lianshaab district, where,, in the water,
at any rate, they. are considered as much
less dangerous than the walrus or the
hooded seal. ; -••..* ~. *
The food of bears consists mainly of
seals, which, however, they cannot seize
in the water, but only when lying on the
shore or on" ice, but as. the -seal, when In
such positions, is extremely watchful and
wary, the stalk is of ten fruitless, and the
bear is obliged more frequently than suits
It to depart with an empty stomach. Car
rion they take at any time. In summer
they rob birds'- nests of eggs ¦ and young
ones, and appear, to be partial also to ber
ries. Probably, too, they live upon sea
fowl, seizing them from below while rest
ing on the water. According to Brehm,
their ordinary food Is fish, and they even
capture salmon in the^ sea. ' This, however,
I have never had confirmed by. the Green
landers, who all consider that the -bear's
powers of swimming! would not | be equal
to it. J According to the same authority,
neither reindeer, foxes nor birds are safe
from the polar j bear, but this, I think, is
a mistake. Nature has- intended that it
POLAR BEARS AN ODD MIXTURE OF
COWARDICE AND DARING.
should seek its prey in the water and on
the Ice rather than on the land.
When really hungry, there are" few
things which a bear will reject,- down to
old skin garments and tarred ropes" ends"
which I may sometimes be found in its
stomach. It is .under such circumstances
that it ventures close to the huts and de
vours whatever it can find, sometimes at
tempting to enter. In the winter of 1896-7
a. bear was shot at Godhaven. with . the
whole of the fore part of the body In. an
oil cask, which it was licking. In the Ju
llanshaab district it is not unusual for
these animals to : visit the- Greenlanders'
provision stores, where they keep' their
dried seals' flesh, v etc, tear the stones
away from . the entrance and clear the
place completely, out. •. V-
The red man perused . with 'profound
concern the accounts of the latest lynch
lngsln Ohio, Indiana and elsewhere.,
"If I. were colored," he exclaimed, when
he had- done, "I should be blue!"
Then he , affected • to laugh grimly, \ but
we .- could r plainly v see; that-he was "de
pressed t by ' unwonted I forebodings.—De
troit Journal. < . ¦ <..... .
WORKING OUT THE PROBLEM OF
"HOW TO REACH THE POLE"
*-]|— •> HE prime,. Imperative need for.sue
cessful" Arctic work .Is a specially
li constructed steamer, Ice protected
' - and of. high engine power, so that
she can go anywhere and any
thing. . Every steamer in v the j St. John's
fleet has drawbacks, . and ; once the* ex
plorer 1 had. at his command just such a
steamer, as Is needed,' fas V strong and of
small coal < consumptior, 200 or SCO miles
of distance to the pole would be gained,
and the": base of supplies and ' operations
carried so much nearer . the ' front. ~ ; ¦
Peary's. way. to "reach the' pole^ which he
fully 'set forth In his American geograph
ical paper; January 12, ,1897, : which the
society's ' committee approved . and | on tha
lines, of" which ¦ his : present Is
conducted, has both common sense and
experience J in j 1 ts * favor. / Had Uhe Wind
ward; in August, 1898, reached her destina
tion at Sherrard Osborne fiord, there's. no
telling 'that Peary - might ! not that very
winter", and the next spring have ¦ pushed
on to the goal. One element of the polar ;
problem, and one of ten. lost sight of, 3
the necessity of return, for no one wishes,
to 'remain there, and there's no thing, be
yond to go: to or for. Therefore /'the
traveler must stop whenever his food for
men and dogs is reduced . to the limit
which will bring him back to the starting
point." In this fact. In the reduction of
the known distance to the minimum, lies
the essential merit and the certainty of
Peary's methods.
It was not always remembered that no
explorer ever stopped going north because
he could go no farther. . Markham ' of the
British expedition had to turn to save the
lives of his • scurvy-stricken comrades:
Lockwood and Brainard had . beaten the
Englishman's farthest and placed their
country's flag in the van, seeing a great,
gray mountain still beyond; while Captain
Cagril, at his hitherto unsurpassed eighty
six degrees thirty-nine minutes and forty
four seconds, last April' reported the
travel steadily improving as he advanced
northward. Every one of these courageous
and able men reached his limit and turned
about simply by the inexorable necessity
of subsistence homewa^. As Admiral
Melville, veteran of many arduous Arctic
campaigns, says: "If one could stop at a
hotel every night anybody could go to tha
pole."
And so, a9 the army is said, to mova on
its belly, does the food factor determine
the working out of the w.hole polar prob
lem. And here is where -the greatest
change of all has been effected. Modern
methods have made food preservation a
Bimple and certain matter, and there is
no longer a shadow of excuse for a de
fective Arctic dietary. Money will buy
food— all that is wanted and Just what Is
wanted; it will build and man steamers
such as experience proves are needed and
effective. Add to these American pluck
and common sense, and Is there any rea
sonable doubt remaining of "How to reach
Week£ e? "~ H ' '— Bridsmaa la Lea"***
*. sreax aeai or t*«« .„ ejecting ins
ponies, as to size, color and breed.
The wheeler should be of good girth,
strong hindquarters. long body and rather
short legs, very compact He should
have a longer stride if possible than the
others and certainly very reliable.
The leader can be of lighter build than
the wheeler, but not larger. In the pho
tograph tha leader looks larger but he is
not. He is smaller than the wheeler, the
position of the, camera making him look
otherwise. He should be steady and re
liable and quick to answer a pull on the
refns. The leader Is the most Important
animal in the line. . He should occupy your
whole attention. Never put a frisky pony
In as leader, for he is sure to cause you
trouble.
By steadying himself* and pulling the
leader can "line'up" the ponies more eas-
lly than the driver can with the whip ajid
reins, jj
1 The vehicle "that gives the most satis
faction is the cne I had "made for tandem
work exclusively. It is a long, low wagon
of about 250 pounds in -weight, strong
springs, rigid frame, low front wheels,
It is genuine sport when your ponies
start well and go leaping down the road,
each animal thoroughly enjoying the spir
it of the thing.
Why tandem diiving should not be more
popular perplexes me, for I can say after
years of experience that this style of
drivinjr is most farcinati'ig and exciting,
and when the driver Is capable It is per
fectly safe. Within a few months I ex-/
pect tc add two mere ponies to my tan
dem outfit. .
For a whip I use. the regulation Ameri
can four-in-hand. My ponies are so well
trained that a crack of the lash is suf
ficient, to mak? them obey.
Make friend3 with your horses and po
nies; feed them a few., sweets by hand;
walk among thtm, speaking kindly all the
time." While making them feel you are
kind, at the same time make them un
derstand you \re master.
' Figures 2 and 3 show the front and back
views of the loft hand when taking all
the. reins, 'as/is' necessary when any par
ticular horse needs "attention or when the
whip is used'.
should go through the gag-runners on
each. side of the head of each pony; the
"other. reins, should be snapped. in the bit
of every other animal, including the
¦wheeler.
The illustration No. 1 shows the position
and number of reir.s . necessary ;for an
eight-horse tandem or; sixteen-double.
With the ten-pony tandem I use six reins
in each hand. The reins of the leader
In giving the ponies the "office" pull
reins- well up and speak out, so they will
start together. - Never drive with your
reins too Ion?; it is better to hold the
reins three inches too short than three
inches too long. \
•Never strike a pony for shying, but let
him havca good look "at the object that
has startled him.
You should' study carefully the position
of the bit in your horse's mouth, and the
use of curb chains, etc,
In driving the position of each hand
should be easy and natural, the wrist and
hands straight, the thumbs uppermost.
The elbows should be rather close to the
body, otherwise they cause a loss of pow
er and make a very bad appearance.
You will' find more solid comfort, how
ever, in a.' wagon such as I have described.
higher rear wheels and all rubber-tired.
Of course, the regulation rig for the horse
tandem is the large-wheeled, heavily con
structed . cart, with lamps, stick-basket
and horn.
In England this vehicle is en regal for
tandem use.
The English tandem outfit, while a fa
vorite with Lady Ge*rgiana Cuxzon and
her coterie, ¦was el<)9f to gret Into favor
among the elite of fc'ew England, especial
ly with the womea owing probably to th«
difficulty found hi "lining up" the team.
In turning corpers and the inextrlcaJbla
mixups so ofte/got into by the novice, .j
The thing tj do Is to get over beln*-*''
novice. , When tandem driving 1 b«co<nes
an understood fine art there will >» bet
ter Bpcrt ;han there is to-day.
the top, sir."
"When Reformer Stevenson was driving
the Brighton Age in England in 1S30 he
put forth every effort to make coaching
popular: in a measure he was successful.
A man of some distinction and of good
family, he soon won his friends over, and
not many months later there was seen in
t* e "box," holdicg the reins, Sir St. Vin
cent Cotton. This gentieman grew fond
of the sport and quickly became skilled.
In Jiandlirg the "ribbons." Then In a
spirit of emulation other notables of his
acquaintance (among whom were tha
Duke of Beaufort and Lord Chesterfield)
took up the sport.
Thi3 led to the invention of fancy turn
outs and new modes of driving, among
which was the tandem.
Prior to the advent of Mr. Sievenson
the much-abused box was occupied by tha
rosy-nosed, water-eyed cockney, who ap
preciated his "art" about as much as a
gatepost. Scientific driving was unknown
!n their time. The curb chain was an In
strument of torture to the noble beasts
that dragged the coach.
The mail coach was driven through tha
villages with such reckless speed that tha
unfortunate passengers who rode on top
had to hold on for their lives. Running
over a villager was a common event.
With the victim struggling In th© road,
the driver would lash up the leaden and
croak. "The willage folk are werry stu
pid, werry"; then with, another cut at th«
almost terror-stricken leaders would
promptly forget all about the Incident.
This type of character Is often seen on
English, roads and even in London to-day; -
but, thanks to progress, his manner Is not
so brutal as in days of old.
"When "coaching" and tandexxt driving:
became so popular In England tha sport
was taken up with Interest by the swell
dom of America. The tally-h» waa and la
to-day the favorite with drlyJhff clubs and,
parties. "Merry Is tha cro«"d that goes
in the coach and musical the blast of tha
horn." But nowadays jhe "dear Uttla
damsels within" ride "with tha swells on
You may use ponies or horses. Just as
your fancy suggests, but for my own en^
joyment 1 prefer ponies, am they are
quicker. As a rule they ar« more suited
to tandem "work than the larger animals.
However. It Is mere difficult to find per.
lection In th*t former. One should upend
la the first place the beginner should
learn to drive one horse scientifically and
well, then he should add another, trying
ell manner of turns and tricks; then,
when thoroughly master of two, bring
out your third pony; now, usually. If you
become au fait in driving three you can
hand!*- five Just as easily.
,ks my suggestions might -aid the young
hort€tnan who desires to drive a many
ponied tandem. I will dedicate the fol
lowing instructions to him:
This Ehculd not d!?couragre the am
bitious driver, as the feat is ; easy of
execution. The ¦whole secret of my sup
eees lies in the fact that I follow no set
rules; that my harness is designed and
arranged under my own supervision: not
through the instructions of those who do
little driving and stay at home and write
books on the subject. My method is that
¦which should be adopted by all. for It is
original and thoroughly American.
Some people possess an even tempera
ment, steady nerves and good common
eense. I am fortunate enough to possess
a sufficiency of each of these virtues to
handle with much pleasure and equal
success a ten-pony tandem. I understand
that mine is the only outfit cf the kind
la the world. /
Oar pessimistic friends are shocked
¦when they see the ten-pony tifndem"
racing down Market street: they predict
6Ome disaster, calling the driving in ona
breath recklessness and nerve unlimited.
Those who oppose this style of driving
are either ignorant of the subject or theii
method of handling the reins has caused
them trouble. Nearly all accidents to
tandems are due to carelessness or in
«fficiency on the part of the driver.
THERE are plenty of people who
say tnat the most dangerous motif
of conveyance ever Invented by
man Is the tandem. They tell you
that the driver has little command
over the leader: that a tandem cart 13
easily overturned, and when making a
sharp turn you cannot see very well
•what the leader is doing. In fact, one
must expect to be landed unceremoniously
In the shrubbery by the wayside.
THE SUNDAY CAlLIi.
10
THE SCIENCE OF
DRIVINGnet, nothing more; tho .inly weapon I had
a rusty spear. I suppose all the sins of
my life should have crowded into.. ray
brain at that moment,' or I should hav*
thought of fighting -wild. bea«ta at Kphe
bus, or something «*lee, I thought of noth
ing. I was drunk, mad drunk, with ex
citement I besought the royal; beast • to
charge; I shouted wild challenges at him.
I was consumed with a burning desire to
drive my spear home. After that he
might chaw m*e -up for all I cared. It
was not to be; he turned short five yards
from the net. Ten minutes later I saw
him rush out higher up 'the hill and roll
over and over In the net for all the world
Ilka a gigantic rabbit. 'A dozen spears
were in him" at the instant. He had no
chance whatever. It U rare that a" man
Is, hurt during/ the ruahj the fatalities
chiefly occur '.when the tiger sulks', and
a man well primed with drink is sent into
the wood ".to . stir him ui>. This /drunken
ness Js : the reason .why few Europeans
hear, of ; tiger netting, and why on« is
never allowed to stand in v the likeliest
spot. , Tho farmera fear a drunken spear
thrust, so" easily given in the excitement
of 'the moment. However,' I was "' for
tunate , and those nys seconds when - I
thought [the tiger would charge will re
main with me all my life a thrilling
: mamoor.— Jjondoii Global '
netting of a royal tiger. To npeak of;
a royal "Bengal" tiger in this connection
would be geographically inaccurate, for It
is only in one corner of the Madras Treat
dency. that this eport takes place.- This
is the Wynaad, an elevated plateau, brolt
en ui» into countless hills. Here coffee, tea
und cinchona are cultivated, and twenty
yearn ago the district came Into brief but
notorious prominence In the city of Lon
don, owing to the discovery of gold, Com«
pante* wore hastily formed and heavily
capitalized, but the minea never gave any
promite of paying dividends even on rea-
Bonable capital, owing to refractory ora,
The Wynaad is, however, a paradise for
eportemen. Elephants and bUon • roam
wild here, and several kinds of deer,
which provide food in plenty for t tigers
and leopards. Consequently the big oata
rarely attack cattle, and.wlllnot look at a
tethered calf or kid. The hunting of them
is vory difficult, for cover abounds, ' By
lucky chance a man may stumble on one
when he has his rifle with him and thus
get a shot, otherwise he may spend
months, and even years, without catchV
ing a glimpse of them, although oft on a
T7 AM among the few fortunate English'
I men who have participated in the
rarest form of big game hunting— the
in covering the few intervening miles. The
Wynaad at that time of . the year is t>ln
gula^y 'beautiful. The air la soft und
palmy; large winged butterflies flutter
ahead of you; flock* of parrots fly screech
ing above, and innumerable j pleasant
sounds and scents rise from the surround-*
Ing Jungle. -Arrived at- the" soene of ac
tion, I found a large gathering of the lead-.
ins farmers and ; their) laborers, ¦'. armed
With spears, guna, staves and bows and.
arrows,. The' farmers' are 'fair skinned
men' with rather a Jewish cast of : ooun*
tendnce, They .are evidently ' immigrants
to this upland, in comparatively reoent [
times, The^ 1 laborer's 'are a' lowjypa/yery
blaeh, many- 1 with curlyi hair, thick lips
and a distinctly negre look, - They . are
supposed tope the aborigines ef the , coun-r
try and of. the ancient " Dravidjan : Btoclt,
Aa ft rule, these agrestic slaves a.ra down-*
cast and humble in mien, but on this oocaV
Blon, thanka to anramplo supply of Dutch
courage in the form * of * strong sago'.p&lm.;
arrackj they, were bold' and swaggering,'
not to say. truculent. : They. had with them
their hunting dogs, a!yellow sort of luoh-i
er, well fed'and full "of pliick and^Gunning.
The tiger, had killed a cow the preceding!
afternoon; and dragged it into ay email
wood on .the ' ppposlte hillside. Within
three hours nets had b^en run around Ihei
• Iliad been posted at the end of an open
glade) two of the farmers were^with me,
It seemed an unlikely "spot for ; the , beast
to break cover, hut they did not agree
with" me. . For . a , moment I thought they
werc;:right;- v Not twenty yards" off and
coming straight toward me was' the infuri
ated tiger, two logs baying, at. his : flank.
Between me, and him ' t was a- flimsv sheen-
I was given appear, and the sport be
gan, One or two of the more adventurous
were sent '•; within the wood .where they
climbed trees and acted as markers. Then
the ethers shouted,- guns .were fired off, •
e tones flung, and the dogs let loose, Tim
din was terrific, but suddenly above It nil
came the unmistakable roar of. a tiger.
The>. excitement . was The shrill
voices of the markers in the trees could
be distinctly heard. VTha tiger is join?*
up the hill; he is running to the right j he
has turned;, back j i he *Js going to ru«h
through at the . north ; end, Look out;. ho
ts very angry"
wood, and all night fires had been kept
alight: tomtoms freely thumped, accom
panied by profuse b wearing, at the titter
and, all his female relatives. The nets
resembled, large meshed sheep nets; they
were fastened lightly 'about six feet high,
and hung so'"that they would bag easily
when the animal, rushed, *
On a lovely morning in iiie early autumn
news was brought to me that a tiger had
been eneomiJassed. Short' time did I spend
stilly night he will hear their loud purr as
they come up from drinking at a stream
where, in the morning, their -pugs will be
plainly visible in the soft, red clay, .
• The .natives of the Wyriaad are good
rportsmen, and they have experienced
equal difficulty in bagging the lordly deer
olayer, .Nor is the , desire to secure a
tiger skin solely a. "matter of sport with
them. Now and again • "stripes" turns
cattlo . lifter, and before ha is destroyed
or his ta*U for beef glutted he will deoN
mute a hard. It can therefore be under
stood that oraonjj Wynaad cultivators
there la an inbred animosity against tig"
era very similar to tha t eellng of the Drlt«
Ish farmer toward tha fox, With peculiar
audacity, they davlaa a, simple system of
netting, which In- favorable elroum«
stances la almost Invariably successful,
To understand the system one must real*
Izq the lay of the land, The hills are most'
ly grass, but in thelp folds ;ara thick
woods, from half an acre, to live acres in
extent, Between tha hills are swamps
which are under rieo cultivation, If a.
. tiger be marked down in one ofthe small-r
er \vood3 when the grass ,'on the hills- is
Bherti : it ia quita a Simple jebto run a net
'around the wood and await results; ..
The Gpeaiesi Sport Of Big Game Hunting Is to Net a Royal Tiger.
Ordinary carpet rods were not pood
enough for the stairs, so solid silver ones
were made to order. Beautiful velveiy
lawns were laid out and playing fountains
dotted the green here and there. An arti
ficial lake was made an one hide qf the
house and was used for a swimming pool.
Everything that anybody eusgested was
quickly put Into action until the place waa
a veritable paradise.
Pictures! Lord bless you, yea, pic
tures. And Mr. end Mrs. B. started forth
in quest of ornaments to hanjj on their
""V pestry-lined walls. They separated
&Xie-- agreeing io meet at a certain p:ace
euita-ble loca-tlon. Some place where they
could be exclusive, and where a palace
could be erected. After a search he de
cided on the Waehoe Valley and selected
a place that was exclusive, but that was
dreary and terribly lonely.',
"JJcw, we ain't goin' to have no common
house," declared the new millionaire.
"Nothin* that can be grot here.'! '
And he carried out his plans most thor
oughly. Every stone in the mansion Is a
cut one and waa carried from California
by a. train of oxen. When the rambling
castle wa« completed Eandy bethought
himself of furniture. • • . -V
"Now, Sandy, most swells have books,
lots of books, all kinds of books, and we
must have lots," and his wife's command
was carried out to the letter T.
The bookman, thought he had fallen into
v*. enap. Ehakespeare, Burns, Milton and
Homer went from New York to Washoe
Valley, and packed tightly against the
classics waa the worst French trash of
the day. Everything: and anything. The
oldest and newest was demanded by Mr.
end Mis. JCew-Made-Rlch.
All the books were magnificently bound
bx£ put away In 6olld mahogany cases.
On top busts of famous men rested and
watched the quaint proceedings.
"Now," said the proud owner to a
friend, "them books cost heaps of money
and there's lots of learning thar. See thia
feller. His name's Bhakespeare. He wrote
play-3. That is Burns; he did poetry.
Here's Dan'l Webster; Dan'l made
epeeches. And Henry Clay used to be up
thar. but he fell on" and was emaahed to
Accordingly. he invited twelve guests to
for luncheon. Each one was to purchase
whatever particularly struck their fancy.
Sandy found the first art shop and quite
• liked the appearance of the place. . The'
four walls were covered with pictures of
all descriptions, all sizes, shapes Sind col
ors. After walking about with his thumbs
in his vest pockets and squirting tobacco
here and there he cocked his head on one
Fide and with a grand sweep" of one arm
said: ¦
"Them's nice. How much is them, how
Feeling that his friends would miss him
sorely and that the departure of himself
and wife would Indeed be a great trial to
them, he resolved to give them a dinner
that would act as a soothing balm.
But before he died he took it into his
head to. . present his wife to Queen-Vic
toria. . Bustle and confusion reigned for
a time. f The most elaborate gowns were
conceived with ; which to astonish the
Queen - and . her court. And there was
trunk , after trunk of them. A regular
rainbow. All the time Sandy's tailor waa
busy making him waistcoats and fancy
frills, for he wasn't to be left in the
shade by any means.
the place when 'the erratic, guests de
parted. The "Bonanza King," as he was
sometimes called onaccount of his splen
did hospitality, the wine, music and all
that helps to attract pleasure-seekers, did
not live very '-long: to enjoy hla vast
wealth. 1 •
much-is them all, I say?" V ... •-
When the dealer named. the price Sandy,
drew forth a huge wallet and slamming
down the gold, said: . "You didn't think ,
I had it, but I. fooled yer. Send 'em up
right away." •', . ; .
.When there., is a«wili there is a way,
you know, and both Mr.'and Mrs." Bowers
had firmly resolved - . that their light
shouldn't be hidden under a bushel. The
brighter it 'gleamed the better.' 7 * r" "
When they reached their hotel, which,
by the way,', was the Cosmopolitan, Sandy
drew forth his pouch filled with gold and
threw it at the clerk with, "Keep that fer
me until I want it." Whenever he needed
any.money he would ask the clerk for the
¦bag and grasp a ' handful " of twenties,
throw one. at the clerk and go his way
with no questions. What were a few
twenties more or less to him. •• •' ."•
But he didn't by any means carry off
the palm. Mrs. Sandy swept into the din
ing-room in a gorgeous pink satin frock.
And jewels! All she could carry-.' After
trying everything on the menu and throw-'
ing champagne about recklessly she beck
oned the waiter to draw- her chair back.
After she had taken sufficient steps , to'
"bring her long .train into full view
she suddenly • called out in a loud
tone, .''Reckon I've forgotten something,
haven't I?"'and forthwith threw a gleam
ing yellow twenty at the' astounded
waiter. " Then, "when the money; struck
the: floor with a. click and bounded into
the air." she sallied out of the room, with
Sandy strutting after a quick second.'
Those were gala days for the hotel
clerks and a mantle of black hung over
Bandr.
Bo Sandy 'bestirred himself to find a
It wasn't tnrough work, it wasn't
¦-jhrough eklll or brilliancy. Just luck;
<hat kind of luck that follows a yellow
<!cg.
The "Bowers claim" soon turned out to
be very valuable." It raised its owners to
the swell rank, gave them big notions and
left them little sense.
"We must build a house that will bent
people of our means," said Mrs. B. to
But while she watched the Scotchman's
money fly she resoived to marry him snd
to do it in double quick time. After tho
knot was tied good and tight she would
be afraid of no man. So in June a rival
boarding-house commenced, and it was
run by one Sandy Bowers and his Utah
bride.
The scene of many festivities changed.
The dancing and the merry Jingle fol
lowed the pretty girl, but the money that
was forthcoming didn't always find its
way there.
"Give you fifty feet of my mine to
square my board bill," one fellow said,
and Sandy said "All right."
So fifty feet of the Comstodc's richest
ground was given in lieu of the money.
And that is where Sandy Bowers made
his money.
It was at a miners' ball that Sandy Bow
• ers, a Scotch miner, met and wooed the
girl who afterward became his wife.
These balls, by the way, lasted three days
snd three nights and there was ample
time to become fairly well acquainted.
After each dance it was considered the
proper caper to seat your lady and while
the waiter was rushing after beer or
cheap whisky to. take the three-Inch
A^lir.teVs out of her boots. , ' ; --.^
were the dances In *59. *.'V
Girls were few p.nd far between in those
days and every one was a belle In her
own light, but the belle of belles was en
gaged and the fortunate man was Sandy
Bowers. ¦'•..' ' ¦•;;.'•.
Although Sandy was engaged, there
was a fellow In that camp who knew too
much to make things comfortable about
those parts. Dow Huntsman persuaded
Sandy's "lady" to give him a pack of
marked cards, and she stood by and
watched her former rriend fleece her
.fiar-ce of every cent he possessed. She
didn't dare say a word.
: None of her -fair weather friends have
I come forward with & helping band In her
time of need. Those who sought her la- \
i vors and who couldn't do enough for her
[la prosperity** fair summery days have
piallea to see or know anything about her
; when, advereity'6 dark form loomed in
* Ei«fct.
In May, 1S59. a number of Mormon girls
i crossed from Utah into Nevada and took
¦ up their abode In a email mining town.
: called Gold HilL The place was rough '
• and crude and the miners uncouth and
' uneducated, but for all that there were •
'. plenty of attractions, and the hewn logs .
used to ring with laughter and the tinkla
of many glasses.
j g"W HE Washoe Seeress has lost her
I cunning. Instead of predicting
\ I with unerring: accuracy the f ore
} coming events Mrs. Sandy Bow
ers, once Queen of the Nevada
: Com?tock, wanders aimlessly and discon
tentedly through the house and grounds
v_cf th© Nevada Almshouse.
C That the woman who lived eo regally,
'who threw money about so lavishly and
; who was Indulged in her smallest whlins
I and caprices should end her days In a
I charitable institution seems passing
| Etraage.
And this is the last chapter of the boolC»l*¥
With youth, beauty and money gone,''';, 1
palmy friends vanished Ilka dew before ;'¦';.
the sun. Her immense fortune has dwin-V ,*
died to the widow's mite and all that is .-•
left in this world for the. Queen of th©
Comstock is a charity meal and a cot! vx,\
the poprhouse, —^ JfrlADGE MOORE, .j' :
¦ .'¦' ' '. .
One day a Nevada nian, walking alonff
O'Farrell street Jn San Francisco, noticed
a 'shingle, "The. Washoe Seeress." Sho
tried her luck In a strange place and had
ups and downs— principally downs. For
tune, the fickle Jade, had entirely deserted
all that was left qf the one time 1 prosper
ous Bowers family.
Then she disappeared.
The costly mansion that was one of the
landmarks of the State became a place of
resort. A dance platform was erected and
the fine house was open to the gaze- of th«
curious pwblle. •.;;•
Even that went. .1 '.: 5 : - ;: Vf
Why, Indeed.
She dabbled In stocks to recoup he?
waning fortune. Like mcst people, sho
lost. She lost more than money. The
last shreds of her reputation as a seeresa
were rentasunder. %
If she. could penetrate the future, why;
did, ahe Invest and lost her own money?
So Mrs. Sandy lost her prestige In Ne
vada." .
dine with them at the International Hotel
at Reno. Course after course was placed
before them and wine flowed until none
of them could tell whether it was a ruby;
red or a beautiful sparkling amber. "Eat.
drink and be merry" was the motto that
was so extravagantly carried out And
well they might be merry, for they ate
to the tune of $5000.
Not to show partiality Sandy tripped
merrily over to Gold Hill and banqueted
his friends there. The money bag that
he left as a reminder contained $2500.
And then the Bowers were ready to con
quer Europe.
Their fair weather friends pelted them
with roses, and a Mexican band of four
pieces played a pathetic farewell. They
rendered the piece in such a soul-rend
ing, heart-breaking fashion that Sandy
put his hand into his $25,000 has. filled
especially for the trip, and threw them
$200 with hi3 most grateful thanks.
' On the way over the pond the men bet
about the distance as usual. Every morn
ing they guessed and every midnight
Sandy paid for the wine. He had a bright
thought one day. Ke would bribe the
engineer with $10 to tell him the exact
distance. "When the numbers were looked
over Sandy had lost as usual. "Well. I
said we were 310 miles from land, why
didn't I get it?" he demanded. Sandy had
heard the number all right, but had writ
ten it 30010. Three hundred and ten. No
wonder he paid every night during the
voyage. *
• No one ever heard whether Queen Vic
toria opened wide her portals to receive
the American miner and his whimsical^
wife, but they did hear that Europe wa3
: a- "bully place, filled with all kinds of
queer things." Probably the queerest
thing there was the enthusiastic trav
eler.
In 1S63 Sandy died in his beautiful $200.
000 home, and his last wish was to.be
' buried at the top of the precipice that
overshadowed the house.
. The castle was grand, stately and lone
ly, and Sandy persisted in prowling about
when ne should have been resting in
peace in his exclusive cemetery. There,
was no life, no gaiety there, and Mrs. S.
took her hundred thousand, the remnant
of the millionaire's fortune, and went to
Reno to live.
Sandy simply wouldn't stay at home.
spirit ' followed her. He told her
'things that* were to be, and so in this
way she was posted as to the future. Her
first great hit in fortune-telling was made
in 1869 at the time of the burning of tha
Yellow Jacket mine.
"I told you I saw a black cloud hover
ing over the Yellow Jacket and saw
widows In black all about ic," she taunted
the skeptics.
The proof was there!
Mrs. Sandy Bowers had looked into the
future and had predicted the awful ca
lamity that had befallen the mine.
"She Is a .seeress," some cried.
"The Washoe Seeress is her proper
name," exclaimed others, and the Wa3hoe
' Seeress she has been called ever since.
She communed at first with Sandy, not
for silver, but for glory. Time after time
she influenced the boards, and for a while
her prophecies came true. When she said
"boom," boom it was. .
But all this time she was living in a
costly' way. Thousands were thrown
about like so many dollars: dinners and
parties were frequent and astonishing to
ths people who' were' used to plenty.
Such willful waste will quickly reduce
any fortune, and ' the Washoe Seeress
soon refused to divujg'e any of her secrets
until her palm had been crossed with a
round 3ilver dollar. As all good things
have an end, so ' did her streak of good
luck. Eeither that or Sandy's spirit wan
dered elsewhere. ¦ ' -
The Reno Sunday school had planned a
picnic. Now it so happened that the train
ha'd'to pass over, a high bridge immediate
ly over, the Crown Poihfmlne. . The day
before the newspapers came out with the
startling news that the bridge was to
fall, and people were Warned not to go.
Bridge, .train, people— all— were, '-to b»
dashed to atoms. There wouldn't bo
enough left to tell the tale.
Some people : in Reno firmly . believed
that they could see Into the future if
anybody could, and the warning went un
heeded. When the train . neared the
bridge the youngsters hid their heads in
their mothers' laps and howled right
mournfully.. They didn't want to be hurt.
An instant of suspense, a long drawn
breath and the span lay behind them as
strong as ever.
THE I; SUSS^Y|J; CALL;
11
THE
FATE
OF THE
WASHOE
SEERESS¦ ¦¦:••:, ¦ . ¦ ¦¦--¦¦ ¦ , ¦¦- j. ¦¦ •
;THE SUNDAY CALL..
, "Darcy of the. Guards" is one of the new
est of the school. It was written by Ship
man and given" its initial production in
San Francisco by Henry Miller. Its worth
has hardly been tested' as yet. ' \
Although we talk- of the "Washington
atmosphere" in these pieces, Washington
himself does not appear in any of them.
Experiments in that line , have always
proved failures. There was a. play called
r.vn brought across the water for the
part of hero. He was rather too much of
the drawing room type for as stirring a
play as that.. •
The same applies far more forcibly to
John Drew, in ."Richard Carvel." The
public simply wouldn't have him in colo
:r.ial costume. John has set fashions for
tailoring and haberdashery too lojig for
the public to bear with him in knicker
bockers. If he is brandishing a sword
with one hand you expect to see him bal
ance a teacup with the other. So he had
a sorry time with- a part that, should have
been given to Hackett, that was, meant
for Hackett; and . that Hackett was born
purposely for if ever man was. He wouid
have been idolized in the role by night as
well as by matinee, for his delightful per
sonality would have been one with the
hero's. - '- .
The principal character is a half-breed,
a.- French. Indian, a despised feltow," who
te in truth the hero that none has theragrht
hlm_ The. character; ia fine and strong;
lull of Indian raserva and bravery.
¦The play "Toll Gate Inn," which we
produce this week,! is written by a young
actor of Port Huron, Mich. I He has had
very little experience, but that little has
been good. His two or three plays have
done well.- So when I came across this- 1 
he was producing it in the Northwest with
a company of his own that he had gath
ered—I looked at it once, then a second
time, and I decided there was something
in it- A great deal. I hope. • --
So experience has taught the present
playwrights of Revolutionary drama to
write around Washington and not let him.
appear on the boards in person. *
"Betsy. Ross," in which "Washington to
the life appeared; the man who played
the part had a perfect make-up and his
work was dignified and appreciative; but
the public wouldn't stand for it. It has
been the same old story with Lincoln.
Those two men are our two national
heroes, and we have made them sort of
sacred myths that can't be represented
on the stage without a jar to our pa.tri
otic sensibilities.
That is why, in spite of the raging fad,
none of those plays can last. They had
popular successes, for the people were
ready to swallow anything that swash
buckled in the time of "Washington; but
the critics were hard on all of them. They
held big possibilities,-, but these possibili
ties were, sadly neglected. . - r
"Janice Meredith" gave a pretty part to
Mary Mannering, in which she opened her
career as a star. Janice is a' charming
girl, and Miss Mannering was able to give
the ' role '. all the charm it deserved ; ' but
the play as a- whole was weakly worked
out. . Fine ' dramatic situations were
missed, characters were flimsily devel
oped. In spite of all this, though, the play
had a big run and reached the point of
success where the Janice Meredith curl
was a part of fashionable halrdressing,
and that was a sign that couldn't be over
looked. , /
"To Have and to Hold" was prayed prin
cipally by Miss Isabel .Irving and Robert
Lorraine, a young actor whom Mr. Froh-
I suppose' the whole secret was that the
reaction from the problem play had not
arrived. Artificial studies of decadent so
ciety were then a raging ' fad— they were
ttn de siecle, they were wearisome, but
they were popular. It is only now that
the public has grown -thoroughly, sick or
that- sort of thing and is clamoring for
wholesome plays. If those old plays of
Carleton's could be revived this season
they ought to make big hits.
The most of the group of Revolutionary
dramas have been written from novels,
and the fad for these novels has perhaps
been directly responsible for the dramatic
fad; but nevertheless it must have come
of itself. Theater-goers are sick of the
morbid. They want good, sane, sound
heroism and love. ' : . • -
"A - Colonial Girl" was produced when
the fashion was still in its mlanoy. two
years ago. It never made a great success
in New ifork. It has been vroduted in this
city and did well— Miss Jul.a Dean in the
Neill Company made- the hit of the. piece.
"Janice Meredith, To Have and to
Hold" and "Richard Carvel" have been
the reigning ones of the past season. The
books trom wbich they were written all
have good dramatic material in them; out
the best of that was not used in the
dramatizations. .They 'were written for
Frohman l»y a man named Rose, and the
way that Rose slammed those plays to
gether got to be a standing joke at the
club. Anything goes, so long as it moves
in the Washington atmosphere, was the
motto that. Rose went on; and we used
to ask him when he came in: •
"How many plays have you written this
afternoon. Rose?" •
That's as much work as he usually puts
on them— an afternoon.
• "Ye Early Trouble" was the beginning
of the thing and Henry Guy Carleton was
the man who v/rote it. Carleton seems
now to have been a prophets-but when he
launched "Ye Early Trouble" the time
was by no means ripe 'for it. " It made
trouble enough, true to its name; for after
a fairly good opening in Boston it was
taken to New York, where it fell with
the thud of a rocket stick and left ¦ only
ercpty pocketbooks behind • it. :
THE Revolutionary play Is not as new
a thing as it passes for. As a mat
ter of fact, it dates back something
like a decade and does not have its
origin in the swashbuckling novel,
after all.
By 3- Paniet frawley.
Fad of the
Revolutionary Play
But a little success in San Francisco did
not make the play, so it disappeared and
was relegated to some dark pigeon-hole in
Mr. Carleton's desk. A few years later
he tried another play of the same kind;
this died, too.
"Ye Early Trouble" was so gocd that
I tried to buy it of Carleton when I was
in the East last season, but I couldn't get
him to part with it. Its theme was Wash
ington's crossing of the Delaware. It has
been seen in San Francisco, by the way;
in the old days of S^od-weH's Theater it.
had a run of three weeks. I had seen it
in the tast ui lhat CZlue and a. canetl it
to Stockwell's attention. He rtnallv took
it and put it on here. I played in it then.
I am rather proud of the fact now. come
to think of it, that I \ played in the first
and the best, as I firmly believe, of the
series. ' '- - - *
An.l I verily believe that play was the
best of the lot— better than all its follow
ers that have scored successes for actors
and playwrights, until the name of the
Revolution has been a word of good omen
to theater people.
Tou see. tne time was not yet ripe. The
fad had not come, and Carleton was not
able to hurry it. He had to accept the
inevitable and suffer the loss and kick
himself for having; tried to create public
taste. • ...
12Pages 13 to 22
Failing to Secure Peace Terms- in Their Conference With Morgan
: : arid Schwab the Leaders of the ; Amalgamated Association
Will Gause; the |Strike' to Be Gontinued With More Vigor
STEEL MAGNATES REFUSE TO YIELD A POINT
IN THE DISPUTE WITH DISSATISFIED WORKERS
AND THE GREAT STRUGGLE WILL BE RENEWED
PRICE FIVE CEjSTS* : A
. the names ' which he 1 proposed to Admiral
Schley. Private advices from Washington
. announce that ex-Senator John M. Thurn
ton of Nebraska has proffered his Ber
vlces as special attorney to Schley. The
relationship between Thurston and Man
derson is not sufficiently cordial to war
rant .the supposition, however, " that the
silver-tongued ex-Senator from Nebraska
¦ was included in General Manderson's rec
ommendations. - ¦
No Time for the Def enss.
The correspondence between General
Manderson and Admiral Schley took placa
LEADERS OF THE BILLION
DOLLAR TRUST AND CHIEF
OF THE STRIKERS.
TWO PROMINENT OFFICERS OF; THE -NAVY WHO ARE MENTIONED
'•*, AMONG THOSE L.IKELYTO BE SELECTED TO*SUCCEED ADMIRAL
-. KIMBERLY ON THE SCHLEY' COURT,OF INQUIRY- . - ...
-r v !: Manderson Cannot Act, :':.
OMAHA, Aug. 3.— Rear 'Admiral Schley
has .requested General Charles F. Man
derson of this city to act as chief counsel
io the approaching court of inquiry, and
the formifr Senator has been obliged to
deny his." old * friend the favor. ' General
Manderson has. made certain recommend
ations, however, as to whom, he judges
most worthy to undertake the admiral's
vindication, and tha latter has expressed
his thanks for the -service.
The g-eneral. prefers not to'make public
regarding their knowledge of the move
ments of the flying squadron.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
: WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.-The Navy De
partment, is about to establish a primary
school for children on the : Samoan island
of .Tutuila,' The naval 'commander/ Cap
tain . Tiliey, '.has ¦ made an urgent recom
mendation to this effect: , :
To Educate Samoans.
This was the message that came over*
the wires from New York to local officials
of the United States Steel Corporation
this afternoon. Officials were waiting long
after; the usual Saturday afternoon dos
ing time to get word from the conference
In New York between the executive board
TPITTSBUPR, Aug. 3.— "It will be a fight
to a finish. No quarter will be given. "We
are prepared to spend all the money and
time "necessary to wipe out the Amal
gamated Association in all of our mills."
to a Finish.
NO QUARTER WILL BE GIVEN".
Steel Trnst and Employes Will Fight
..Before; Miss Gonne's visit various Irish
societies were- united under the name of
the Irish Societies, of New • York and
vicinity,- but the Claii Na Gael men were
in the majority,. and. when the sentiments
of -the. physical force men began to be
manifested ;thie other ' societies -withdrew
their' delegates. I -'.¦¦'', ' /• .
the Irish societies of New York.' the. body
known 'as the United Irish League 'tak
ing'; no pains ' to ' conceal | its ; antagonism
,to ;the Clan Na Gael and'some of its
speakers denounced the physical ¦ force
men In vigorous language. ' "
' Leaders In the ; movement : are much
afraid of spies and every . precaution : - Is
taken to guard against them. The avowed
intention of the Clan Na Gael: society
dometlme ago to abandon Parliamentary
agitation caused an open rupture among
It Is now reported that a fund is being
raised in this country for the purpose of
carrj-ing out'the plans of th« party and
that while many thouands of. dollars have
been raised, much more Is needed before
they can, put it into operation. J
In the West, where the Irish sympathiz
ers are more easily stirred, against | Eng
land than in the East Both Miss Gonne:
and i Major McBrido preached - the fuse of
force In no uncertain and stirred
Irish feeling to a high pitth.. Members
of the Clan Na Gael were foremost in In
dorsing J the urgings of the young. Irish
woman and the Boer major that physical
force should be emploved in attacking the
British Government- v .: . i
NEW YORK, A.U*. S.—Plans to strike
a formidable blow at the British Govern
ment by means of physical force are said
to be on foot among Jxisn secret societies
in this city and elsewhere.
In what direction the blow is to* be
struck and at what time is known; only
to 'a ie-vr of the leaders in this country
and in England, but it is said that. when
positive action is taken it will be in such
a forcible manner and at such a vulner
able point that euccess will-be altogether
likely. In the meantime those who are
interested In the movement are observing
th« greatest eecreey on' the subject.
The movement. It Is said, commenced at
tho time Maud Gonne, the Irish 'Joan" of
Arc, whose home is in hated AJblon,*and
5l«Jor McBrlde, who fought with the
Boers against England in South Africa,
visited th« United States a few months
eero. They received an ovation every
where from Irishmen, and particularly
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
Plans Being Formed Among the Secret Societies in New York and
Elsewhere to Use Force at an Opportune Time.
IRISHMEN IN AMERICA ARE ORGANIZING
TO STRIKE GREAT BRITAIN A BODY BLOW
'' ST.' JOHN. N. F.V Aug. 3.— The steamer
Acis!" Captain: Tate.Vfrom, Galveston for
Hamburg; 'with jV cargo v of -/cotton and
grain, 'has* been wrecked nine; miles -West
of Cape-'Race.; She is'in-a" dangerous po-"
sition -and ' has been abandoned -by. .-her
crew. . ¦ The crew had 'great ..trouble ¦ in
reaching i shore, o.wlng {to « the ; heavy 1 seas
which-, swept 1 - the^vessel, but there; were
no -fatalities. -The .steamer* Grand -Lake
sailed : from here, at < midnight *to \ salvage
the cargo and to bring. back the crew.' ¦
ETEAMiER ACIS WRECKED -
• '- WEST OF CAFE 'RACE
The- old man.' has. bided, his time, how
ever, and a few '.weeks ago . managed " to
secure I his guardian's discharge. ' He re
newed, his attentions" to the young girl In
secret, and finally secured : her, consent '.to
the; marriage/ Kudzior didvhot take his
children ] into his confidence - and ; the; pub
lished marriage license is' their first"noti
flcationl.' Mrs. Socha' has -made ;a furious
attack upon the County 'Judge and "will
seek to j have the marriage .annulled, the
property .deeds, she says, being too evi
dent a consideration: ;'•¦'¦¦¦ _- ¦••'.'"/, ."..-.¦ U '
. Kudzior's I children are : thrifty { Bohe
mians ' and objected' strenuously ..to- the
match: .When' a similar ' attempt was
made, two years ago Mrs. Julia' Socha, a
daughter?, .. and succeeded* In
haying a "guardian appointed for her
father.^-' ; , :"' r ' ¦-];'' ' ..'' : ¦' r^XtA'---
OMAHA. Nebr., Aug. 3.— John Kudzior,
a feeble old man, has outwitted his sons
and daughters and married trie glfj of -nla
choice. '. : His-, bride ' is just 16, while Kud
zior ¦ bears • the' burden of 76 years. With
her marriage certificate Miss. Julia Viros-"
key' was made,' the mistress of $50,000
worth of: property.' , V
Annulled.
Seek to Have. Marriage
Children of the Decrepit Groom. Will
TAKES AN AGED HUSBAND
AND ALSO HIS WEALTH
The .service. General Manderson re
marks, should command the entire time
of the best legal talent obtainable, the
mass of detail being enormous. . ¦
-General Manderson at first hoped to be
"able to undertake the service, but upon
his return to Omaha, this morning he
found matters of such Importance await
ing him that he was obliged to send a de
clination. He felt that his duties as gen:
era! counsel of the Burlington road would
leave him too little time to undertake Ad
miral SchLey's defense. •
while the former was spending" his vaca
tion at Dome Lake. Idaho.
Schwab. spoke first for., the 'employers
and was followed by .Morgan.' They.de
clined to make any. modification of. the
terms offered by them one week' ago.
when 'Shaffer.- and .the oth'er men of ~ the
Amalgamated ./Association Insisted ~that
more Mib'eral" terms : tie offered to them.
.There was a general; discussion as to the
whole proposition ; involved, each mill,
the . unionization of which • has been dis
puted, was considered Un detail. .When."
each -side had fully expressed ¦> itself -the"
steel officials withdrew from v the, room in'
order to let the labor representatives con
fer ¦ privately. . ; The • latter decided to re
ject the offer of the steel- corporation,- and
when Schwab returned to the. room so In
formed ~ him. Morgan and'; tils. two part
ners withdrew almost at, once and a lit
tle later the- Amalgamates! men took their
leave also. ;. The latter went at once to the
The meeting between the representa
tives of the. strikers* and the officials of
the steel corporation was arranged ' by
telegraph, last night and sprang from." a
mutual desire for peace. President Shaf
fer, and. his brother officers of the Amal
gamated Association l left Pittsburg last
night, and reached New' York at 8 o'clock
this' morning. They parted at the ferry to
meet again at 10:30 o'clock at the offices
of the U.nited. StatW Steel Corporation,'
the hour and place appointed for, the con
ference. - President- Schwab ; of - the steel
company received the representatives of
labor and conducted them to the consult
ing room of the steel directors/ J. P.
Morgan . came i to « the '-conference accom
panied by Robert Bacon, one "of his local
partners,.and C: F.' Dawklns, head of the
English ' house . of -Morgan & . Co. :. D. G.
Reid of the American Tlriplate Company
and other officials. of 'the companies fed
erated in the general -steel corporation
also joined the conference- and'- It was
some time after the hour, appointed* tha,t
the. conference was. formally opened. .
Strike Leaders Meet Magnates.
."We furthermore wish to state that our
purpose in coming to New York was not
because we doubted • our president. T. J.
Shaffer, and', our secretary, John-Wil
liams, who have our confidence^ and in
dorsement, tut in the hope of obtaining a
settlement of the strike.'..*
" 'Hoop mills— A.11 mills now known to
be organized, viz., Youngstown, Girard,
Greenvilte, Pomeroy, Warren. Lindsay,
McCutcheon, Clarke (bar mill), Monessen,
Mingo (twelve-inch and nine-Inch) and
hoop mills of. the Cleveland Rolling Mill
Company.
-'"Tin mills— All mills except Monessen.
" 'Note— All other matters of detail to
be left for settlement by conference.'
and Saltsburg, and with the addition of
McKeesport and Wellsville. •
Judge Advocate General Lemly has
completed his preliminary- investigation,
and equipped with a great deal of mate
rial he has loft Washington for a short
vacation. He will return early in Sep%
tember. .'r'.^'i,;^- . ¦-.-
It is understood that the Navy Depart
ment will next week begin ordering to the
United States those officers whose pres
ence is essential to completing the investi
gation.
There is authority for the statement
that unless the court so recommends the
Navy Department will not request Span
ish officers either to come to the United
States to testify or to furnish affidavits
Spanish Officers Not Wanted.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.—
Acting Secretary Hackett will
announce on Monday the name of
the officer who will be designated
to fill the vacancy in the Schjey court of
inquiry. It has been expected that the
announcement would be made to-day. The
delay is caused by the difficulty of getting
an officer willing to accept the duty. Rear
Admiral Kimberly was relieved because
of 111 health. Hackett is now in corre
spondence with another officer. He de
clines to make public his name in advance
of the official announcement. The choice
probably lies between Belknap and Kautz.
It is positively declared that Rear Admi
ral Luce, retired, will not serve as a mem
ber of the court. ¦ .
"Osman had $10,000 of stock, while Bau
man had $25,000 "worth," said Phillips.
"Both speculated and lost theamount: of
stock and something more. They covered
their • stock into the- treasury to square
their accounts,, being unwilling ; or un
able to put in cash. The company will
be doing business again, there Is no ques
tion about* it, probably under the same
name. It probably; will take a week- to
straighten out the books. -No other stock
holders are indebted to the company.
President Collins, Hill and myself, are the
heaviest creditors." , ."
Phillips was seen to-night and .. con
firmed the impression that the retiring
stockholders had sacrificed their interests
by getting on the wrong side of the mar
ket.
CHICAGO^ Aug. 3.— The j jj stockholders
and. directors, of^ the ; George H.' Phillips
• Company JjfiS* being^forced-ont—of /.office
and"> : but of'any^ flnkhcial -interest'-ln the
concern. Besides "Abel p. Osniari, formerly
secretary of the company, Joseph .I. 4 Bau
man, who. was taken into the firm on its
reorganization' June : 14, , : after, the con
clusion of the May corn deal, is no longer
connected with it. ' Bauman had a big
line of May. corn and -traded in; all the
grainpits after that deal was over.' .News
of the retirement of the two men revived
rumors that several of the employes and,
stockholders of the company were in
debted to it in the sum of $125,000. Officials
of the company would neither affirm nor
deny the stories regarding the $125,000, nor
.would they discuss' the retirement' of Os
man and Bauman, although it was ad
mitted the men were forced out.
'¦ to the S Concern.
Employes Are Heavily Indebted
Humors in Circulation That Several
DIRECTORS FORCED OUT
: OF-.THE PHILLIPS COMPAK?
When the Amalgamated men left him
President Schwab went at once*to the of
fice of J. P. Morgan and had a talk with
Bacon. He went home early, in the
afternoon, as did all the * other
men • who . represented the corporation
in the final debate of the issues which di
vide them and their men. It was evident
that they expected nothing to come from
the second meeting of the Amalgamated
representatives, then In progress. No
statement In behalf of the steel corpora
tion was made and none of its represent
atives would talk for publication..
It is believed here that there" will be im
mediate action from both sides, the ex
pectation being that the steel corporation
will attempt the operation of some of it3
mills independent of the union and that
.the Amalgamated Association will call
upon those in sympathy with them to
strike.- If- there are no. further efforts at
conciliation and the strike is extended It
may develop into the • largest conflict of
the kind in the history of the country.
Figures at this time as to the number of
men and properties that would be in
volved are pronounced unreliable by con
servative men who know the trade, be
cause many, of the. claims of strength put
forward on either side are disputed and
can i be tested only in actual conflict.
•Just before 'leaving for Pittsburgh to
night Ellas Jenkins of the Amalgamated
Association said: •
,•; "All negotiations with the United States
Steel Corporation are closed so far as our
association ] Is concerned. We came here
this k morning with plenary powers and
hopeful that the present conference- would
mark the close of the struggle, which has
meant loss both to employes and employ
ers. ',- We return now to our various head
quarters to renew the struggje. Now tha
matter iwill be fought to a final issue un
less vwe are sent for by the officials of tha
corporation." -
President Shaffer declined to say a -word
in addition to the formal statement which
was given out by Williams, and his com
panions were equally reticent. Shaffer
asked that the statement be printed In
full, saying that the strikers wished the
public to understand their position. Not
an intimation of the future policy of the
Amalgamated Association in waging the
great industrial battle which it faces
could be drawn from any member of the
party. Shaffer seemed grave and serious
despite the vindication which his associ- .
ates gave him in their official statement,
while the other Amalgamated men seemed \
in very high spirits. Shaffer paid the bill
for the party at the hotel and left, saying
that he intended to take the first train to-
Plttsburg.
, Steel Trust Men Are Silent.
It was 2 o'clock when their meeting 1 be
gan, and ,4:15 o'clock when President Shaf
fer ' came- - dawn into the lobby and an
nounced that they had concluded their
work here and would leave at once for
their homes. '
"I? is highly improbable that a settle
ment will be reached. We are not going
to accede to the proposition of Morgan.
We will stick to the bitter end to the men
who went out with as."
Stevens House, and after a hasty lunch
went into executive session. Before they
withdrew, however. Secretary Williams
made this statement:.
Settlement Will Not Be Beached.
:¦¦"¦ 'Sheet mills— All mills signed for last
year, with, the exception of the,Scottdale
"-'We,' the members of .'the executive
board .of; the 4 " Amalgamated Association,
hereby % present the i following ..proposition
as a ' reply to that received from * the
United States Steel Corporation y
; "This modification has been made be
cause .the trust; officials ; declared that we
wished to. force, men into the organization
against-'their will and -desire. vvwe" there
fore, asked that trie _. scale signed 'for
only those men ;who desired .'it., -Now
comes Vthe* proposition - of. the . ; Amalga
mated Association : ¦ ¦" ' "
¦ "We desire to preface our proposition
by directing attention to the fact.that.lt
Is . a { modification of jj that j which .was of
fered 'originally. . At . the last' conference,
as at those preceding it, we required:. the
signature of .the. scales for. all the '¦ mills
owned and ; operated by the .United States
Steel Corporation, while in the proposition
given' below .we. ask, that- the ' scale be
signed' for none but those. mills which are
organized and where , the ' men ceasing ! to
work have signified ; thelr desire tobe'eon
nected l '.with : . the -; Amalgamated Associa-.
tion. . * ¦ : ¦¦••¦/. .. ¦".'."¦'. : •'• '. ¦(. ' '•¦ I
The strikers' ; proposition :
Proposition of Strikers.
" 'American Sheet Steel Company—Com
pany should s'sn the scale for all the mills
of this company that were signed for last
year except the Old Meadow mill and the
Saltsburg ; mills.' " J ,;,'' .' .- '¦¦'"¦¦",
' " 'American SteellHoop Company—Com
pany should sign the scale for air the
mills owned by j the American Steel Hoop
Company that we're signed last year.
" 'Tin Plate Company should
proceed under the contract signed" with
the Amalgamated Association of July 1,
1901. :"- :¦¦•."'¦' • '"¦" ;¦:.¦;.. ¦ .- ' ..'. •¦
" 'Preamble. Conditions under which we
are willing to advise a set^meht of the
labor difficulties:
"The officials of the United States Steel
Corporation instead of resuming, negotia
tions where they were suspended; at .the
conferences held on July 11, 12 and 13 hava
withdrawn the propositions made at that
time and are now offering much less than
they agreed i to sign for, then. Following
Is the proposition which the United States
Steel Corporation .'gave -us as its,ultima
tum. It will be observed that the, pre
amble states simply, that -.the. United
States Steel Corporation officials will ad
visi: settlement by the undersigned com
panies: ,'\ ' .
"We, the members of the ' executive
board of the Amalgamated Association of
Iron, Steel and Tin Workers, considering
it lncumbent^tlpon .us to enlighten ; the
public, through the press with reference
to the relations between our association
and the United States Steel Corporation,
present the following statement:
Trust Now Offers Less.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Another ef
fort to perfect a permanent
truce between the great army of
steel, wprkers and the giant cor
¦ poratlon which employs them
has failed, and _to-night.the : conflicting
sides are as widely divided as \ ever. The
leaders on either side met here again this
morning, and after a day of fruitless con T
ference and discussion parted in, a spirit
that - shows no tinge 'of conciliation;
Neither skle would surrender/a position
or.concede a. point In the dispute in iwhich
they are involved,' and present indications
point" to a. renewal, with vigor, of the
strug&.e. The first conference of the day
was between President Shaffer and twelve
of his associates on the executive board
of the Amalgamated, Association and, a
group of -officials' of the United States
Steel. Corporation, headed by J. P. Mor
gan and President Schwab. At the end of
an hour the conference parted, having
failed to reach an agreement. The second
conference was participated .in only by
the officials of the Amalgamated Associa
tion. It was a secret session lasting over
two hours, at the close of which the fol- ;
lowing statement was given to the y press: ¦¦
No official information has been received
regarding the alleged breach In the rela
tions of Colombia and .Venezuela. If such
a breach has occurred it is not believed it
will lead to , war, as~- ; both countries are
engaged in suppressing revolutions.
The Consul at Colon, Mr. Malmros, who
cabled Acting Secretary Adee yesterday
that there was danger of interruption of
transit across the isthmus' of Panama.. is
apparently desirous that a warship should
be within easy call. 'A\iee has given in
structions to the - American representa
tives at Colombia to ; act energetically to
prevent any Interruption of transisthmian
connection. The Colombian "Government
will be urged to preserve free" transit. :
Acting Secretary Hackett has not yet
selected the ship, but probably ' the gun
boat Machias, ¦which has Just been com
missioned, will be ordered to Venezuelan
and Colombian waters lo protect-Ameri
can interests in case, the revolution In
either country should menace them. '¦
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.—Arrange
ments have been .made by the State De
partment to send a warship to'' Colon as
soon as the situation requires 1 its pres
ence. .; ,V-*-.- ; 't
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At Washington ; It Is Believed That
s the South' American Countries
¦Will Not Fight One An- j
• . other.
American interests Are to Be
Protected During the
Revolutions.
Gunboat Machias Will
Be Sent to Venezuela
and Colombia.
WARSHIP
TO HASTEN
SOUTHWARD
VOLUME XC— NO. 65.
SAH FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
All Members of the Naval Service Who Took an. Active Part in: the
.Destruction of the Spanish Fleet in the Memorable Battle Off
Santiago Will Be Summoned to the United States as Witnesses
NAVY DEPARTMENT WILL NOT REQUEST
SPANISH OFFICERS TO TESTIFY BEFORE
THE ADMIRAL SCHLEY COURT OF INQUIRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
;Papl3to22COLOGNE, Aug. 3.— According to the
Cologne Gazette negotiations wer© con
cluded here to-day by which the members
of the -unwrought Iron syndicate agreed
»n«? f* tensl ° n °* *£? terras now in force
until the end .of 1902. The Hoesch Iron
» n d n^ ee t J^ 0^,? and the Deutsche. Kais-
Rh f enls * h § teel companies, which
had hitherto stood out against an agree
ment, joined the syndicate. b
SECBETARY OF -AGRICULTURE
IS SETVEBELY - CRITICIZED
Objection Made to Recent Beport Be
ferring to Kansas as a Semi-
Arid Region
TOPEKA, Aug. 3.-F. D. Coburn. State
Secretary of Agriculture, gave out an in
terview to-night severely criticizing Sec
retary of Agriculture Wilson for the lat
ter's recent reference to Kansas as a
"semi-arid" region.
Coburn said Wilson has defined the corn
belt as composed of Iowa," Illinois t and
Missouri." Wilson' is further ; quoted as
re^rVe^ounied^pon:^ . Nebraska . can
The -Kansas Secretary presents many
facts and figures, showing how. in his
estimation, Kansas and Nebraska - far
overshadow the other. States mentioned
In the. way of corn growing.
Mail Service From St. ; MichaeL
WASHINGTON, Augr. 8— Th© Poatofflce
Department has established. a steamboat
mail service from St Michael, at : the
mouth of the Yukon River, to Beetles, a
new Postoffice at the head of .navigation,
£5t- lth . 1 ? Koyukuk River. The '> distance Is
900 miles each way and service, including
all intermediate points, Is to be performed
until the close of navigation this year.,
The American Sheet Steel Company,
which decided to start the Hyde Park
mill last week, nut postponed action pend
ing the result of the conference in New
York, has issued orders to prepare to
start the mill early next week. The of
ficials realize, however, that they have a
difficult problem or. their hands and ex
press fear of the outcome when they try
to start these idle mills. They declare,
however, that they will make the at
tempt and with just as much haste as is
possible. No plans are known concerning
the American Tin Plate Company. If that
The only regret heard among the strik
ers who were about was that President
Shaffer had temporized with the trust offi
cials so Ion?. While the workers' are
themselves ignorant of the general plans
of the organization regarding the exten
sion of the strike throughout the mills of
the trust, they are confident that a gen
eral strike order will be issued in a short
time. . ' . '¦'¦. ,. ,• ". .
That the officials of the United States
Steel Corporation have been preparing
for this battle was made apparent during
this afternoon. It was learned on the
best of authority that an attempt is to be
made at once to break the strike by the
Importation of non-union men into all the
idle mills. One of the officials of the com
panies now involved said that eo far as
furnishing skilled men for the idle plants
was concerned it is only necessary to dis
tribute the skilled workers in the present
non-union mills in all the plants and make
them general instructors of green hands
to soon develop more of this class of
tradesmen.
of the Amalgamated Association and the
general officers of the big trust. Two
messages came. The tirst stated that the
conference between the workers and Mor
gan had adjourned after receiving Mor
gan's ultimate decision in the matters in
dispute. An hour before this time a sec
ond message came to Pittsburg announc
ing to the steel officials here that the ex
ecutive board had decided they would not
accept Morgan's terms.
The second message contained the state
ment also that appears in the foregoing.
Some of the officials heard the message
with misgivings, others with unconcealed
satisfaction. One of the officials left his
office,' declaring that he was glad of it.
The tight would surely be carried to a fin
ish,'and the corporation" would once" and
for ail be freed from the influence of the
union men. At the headquarters of the
Amalgamated Association there was no
one about. All the executive officers being
in New York at this time, no one was
present to look after the interests of the
strikers here pending their return. Or
ganizpr Flj-nn of the American Federation
"of Labor was about the headquarters^dur
ing the morning, and one or two or the
striking gteci workers, but they only re
mained a short time.
company Intends to utilize non-union men
it is not known where they will get them.
It Is said that fancy prices are being of
fered to a few really skilled laborers to
take a hand with the trust In order to
get the plants In operation. In some in
stances at least it Is said that the offers
have been refused because the men have
fear of personal violence from the strik
ers. .... , .
LONDON, Aug. 3.— In great contrast
with the favorable comments elicited here
by the contribution of £5000 to the Queen
Victoria memorial fund by the delegates
of the New York Chamber of Commerce
who recently visited London, is the. anger
with which the Duke of .Orleans' contri
bution of £100 has been received. The St.
James Gazette thinks the Duke's action
is astounding impudence, and, in common
with the Daily Chronicle, urges the Lord
Mayor to reject this contribution on ac
count of the part which the Duke of Or
leans took in the caricatures of Queen
Victoria which appeared in the newspa
pers of Paris. The same paper says the
New Yorkers' sift "emphasizes in a dig
nified and graceful manner the feeling
which, we are sure, is general in the
United States."
Contribution to Queen Victoria
Memorial Fund. •
English. Press Urges Rejection of His
HABSHLY CRITICIZE ACTION
OF THE DXTKE OF OBLEANS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
The correspondent hears from Bayreuth
that the people generally have refused to
sign the petition asking for. a prolonga
tion of the "Parsifal" monopoly. The
Anzeiger, a newspaper printed at Hof,
says that Albert Nelaiann has advised
Frau Cosima Wagner, "widow of the com
poser, to have a Bayreuth opera every
year for five years to place the undertak
ing upon a firm financial basis, and that
a plan has been accepted for the perform
ance of the opera again in 1902. Other
papers reproduce the above with reserve.
Tho writer of the editorial asks who
will bf: frightened by Russian "big talkj'
when it is remembered that Russia has
only the German market for her surplus
of ryii. An Austro-Russian tariff alliance
against Germany is impossible, since Aus
tria herself exports grain. The writer
further points out that the United States
is far loss ignorant about the tariff bill
than the. German Liberal press wishes.
In this connection the Vossische Zeitung
prints a cable dispatch, from New York
saying that Embassador White advises
Washington to tend Rockhill here as his
successor to handle -the tariff question. A
correspondent wrote to White on the sub
ject and received a telegraphic reply say
ing: "Nothing : known/ here about, the
matter." ' ' \ . : .
Regarding the bill passing the Keichs
tag, it is recognized that the balance of
power wili rest with the Centrist party.
Theiefore the Bon-Centrist press this
week has been eagerly watching' for indi
cations as to the Centrists' attitude. The
Centrist paper?, however, carefully ab
stained from committing themselves. 'But
now the Cologne Yolks Zoitung prints an
editonsl, which is beisg telegraphed all
over the country, coming out strongly for
the tariff bill. The editorial admits that
some -duties may be changed and some,
perhaps, .further increased, but .the
Centrists are leady to support the measure
substantially in its present form. ' y .' *•
BERLIN, Aug. 3.-The tariff bill con
tinues to be discussed' in a lively manner.
It Is generally recognized that much de
pends upon the. -attitude of the South Ger
man Cabinet, and during the pa?t few
days the senji-oflicial utterances - there
take the cue of the North German Ga
zette that the bill is only tentative. But
it is regarded us certain that Soutn Ger
man officials desire considerable changes.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.-The State De
partment has received through Mr.
Squires, secretary of legation at Peking;
a note from Li Hung Chang, describing
the regulations for the control of the
mounted patrol which *t is proposed lo
establish along the road between Ching
tlng and Paotingfu. Squires says this is
the first step on the part of the Chinese
authorities toward the protection of for
eigners traveling through the disturbed
districts of the province of Shansi and
Chili. The regulations are quaintly ex
pressed, but in substance they provide for
the establishment of military posts at nine
stations on the road, the commanders of
which- are to furnish escorts for travelers.
The escort is to keep within twelve feet
of the travelers, whose pace must set
theirs. .It is to disperse people v/hb
gather about the travelers and are bols
lercus, and its members are not' to accept
any pay from a traveler under pain of
dismissal. A post will be forwarded
every two days.
TIENTSIN. Aug. 3..— The Governor of
Shantung. Yuanshikai, is constructing
arsenals in that province for the mainten
ance of arms and smokeless powder. He
is engaging experts who were formerly
employed in the arsenals, here. The Chi
nese are also manufacturing arms und
ammunition at Paotingfu.
Trade is improving but the attitude of
the Chinese is sullen .and defiant.
Political "Writers Not Afraid
. of Russia's , Starting a ,
' , ? . Trade "War. ; \
Military Posts "Will Be Estab
lished on Dangerous
... - XvOdClS. . .....
Negotiating to Procure the
Right to* Navigate
Manna River. W^M
STEEL MAGNATES DEFUSE TO YIELD
The Sheriff and a large posse are on
the trail of the bandit and hope to capture
him before morning.
In the stage were two commercial trav
elers, one cf them named George Gray.
There was also an elderly man. The pas
sengers filed out of the stage at the ban
dit's order. He scrutinized the trio and
dismissed the elderly passenger with a
remark that he didn't care to take money
from a laboring man. The drummers
were made to empty their pockets and the
robber gathered In about $20. He asked
for the express box. but the etagc was
not carrying one.
"Climb in!" he commanded, and the pas
sengers did so with astonishing alacrity.
When he told Powell to drive on and
wslch the road in front of him, the driver
gave the team the whip and went kiting
along as fast as frightened mountain
horses could pull a wagon on a down
grade.
The man in rear of the weapon was a
typical bandit — cool and calculating of
manner, a. husky individual physically
and one indubitably intent on business.
Powell has been on the road long enough
to know what "Whoa, driver!" means,
and he wasted no time in halting th«
coach.
This was the command that came from
" behind the business end of a shotgun to
Frank Powell, who had the ribbons on
the Torest Hill and'Coltax stage when It
was about three miles out of Colfax this
evening.
AUBURN. Aug. 3.— "Whoa, driver! Pull
up them horses!"
Ej>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
ing Provisions for
Their Protection.
Li Hung Chang Is Mak-
Liberians Look to Uncle
. Sam and England for
Protection.
Centrist Party Holds
Balance of Power m
Reichstag. .
Two Commercial Travelers
- Lose Twenty Dollars - >
in Coin. ,\ /''- ;..-•;
CHINESE ESCORT
FOR TRAVELERS
GERMAN TARIFF
BILL DISCUSSED
VIEW GERMANY
WITH DISTRUST
Forest Hill and Colfax
Stage Stopped by
Outlaw.
BANDIT ROBS
THE DRUMMERS
BY GABLE TO Tp-IE CALL;
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
INDIANS SLAY
WHITE MINERS
Story, of a Massacre Is
Brought From the
: , N6rthX
Five Men Reported to Have
' Been Killed on Valdes
Eeeclal Dispatch to Tht Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 3.— Advices brought
defwn on the steamship Humboldt, which
arrived, .from . Skaguay .this '. morning,'
give meager details of a horrible mas
sacre of five men committed by Indians
on the "Valdes trail. :.;.:..,._
The advices do not give the names 'of
the victims. The news was brought to
Juneau by the steamer Newport,' which
arrived there July 30, the day before the
Humboldt sailed. The officers' of the New
port said that the names of the five men
had not • been procured when the boat
left Orca, and from the scant information
received at that time little could be
learned of the details of the tragedy. ' '
The crime was committed at. a point
about 200 miles from Valdes in the in
terior, r'.. - .-
Another tale of horror from- Valdes is
that an unknown man was > found on ( the
trail almost dead from starvation and'ex
posure. He was discovered by prospec
tors, who took him into their .camp and
fed him. The man declared that he had
not tasted food in thirteen days. ¦ * •¦
NORDICA WILL TOUR
THE UNITED STATES
Owing to Other : Engagements She'
Refuses an Offer With th'e Nikisch
Orchestra at. Leipsic.
, MUNICH, Bavaria. Aug. 3.— The wide
spread interest manifested in the opening
of the great new, Wagner Theater here
in September next- increases,, and' the' at
tendance of notables from the ' musical
world is expected to be immense. Mme.
Nordica is preparing in the Black Forest'
The final rehearsal. of the opening; opera
"Tristan and Isolde" was given privately
before the Prince Regent and the fact
that Mme. Nordica filled the role of
Isolde will be recorded on tablets In the
new theater.' During her four weeks' sea
son in Munich the American songstress
will appear each week in the role of Isolde
and as Elsa in "Lohengrin." At the con
clusion of the season she "will go to Lu
cerne to rest before sailing for America,
at the end of October. Mme;,' Nordica has
decided not to appear next season in either
opera or concert in New. York or Phila
delphia, but she is booked for upward of
eighty recitals throughout the United
States. ¦ O'vving to her engagements she
has been obliged to refuse an > offer to ap
pear i with the Nlklsch Orchestra at ' the
Gewandhaus, Leipsic. ' '.¦>..'
CONTESTS NANSEN'S RIGHT
." TO. VALUABLE ESTATE
Niece of ' the - Late. Mathias Blessing
Lays Claim- to 'Share in Large
- -' '¦)".-' , Fortune. '
• CHICAGO, Aug., 3.'— By a petition filed
In the Probate Court here to-day the fact
that ' Dr.. Frldtjot Nansen,'^the - explorer
who came I near to reaching the north
pole, is i engaged in litigation' here, was
made public. Nansen was In a « fair way
to get the fortune left by Mathiaa Bless
ing, a wealthy Scandinavian who died in
this city two years ago, as the other- heirs,
it is said, had waived their^claims in his
favor. To-day's petition, however,' is filed
by Mrs. Martha C. Cunningham of Chat
tanooga, Tenn., and \ as she claims to be
the daughter of the decedent's brother,
David, the litigation Ia taken to be pro
longed. She asks the court to delay the
distribution of the assets of the estate
until she has had a hearing of her claims
for a share. ' , , - •¦••-•
POLICE TTNABLE-TO -
\\-\ I TRACE^ CLERK McCAULL
Secret Service Officers Detailed to
Solve the .Mystery of His
Sudden Disappearance.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— John McCaull,
the alleged defaulting quartermaster's
clerk of the transport Egbert, which
sailed for Alaska some time ago, was ap
pointed to this position In April, 1899,
from Virginia. upon> the recommendation
of hie father, Captain P. H. McCaull, who
was a volunteer quartermaster during the
Spanish war. The latter' s accounts are
straight and the quartermaster's depart
ment has learned that j the I funds for
which Captain McCaull was responsible
have been deposited in the ..Treasury by
John McCaulL Captain • McCaull was
mustered out with other volunteers on
June 30. Secret Service officers are look
ing for John McCaull.
BOERS ATTACK AND .
WRECK BRITISH TRAIN
Twenty-Eight Gordon Highlanders
Killed, Eighteen Wounded and
Ten Captured. \
LONDON, Aug. 3.— A letter from a sol
dier in South Africa, dated Nylstroom,
Transvaal Colony, July 6, says the Boers
wrecked a train near Naboomspruit July
4.- One hundred and fifty Boers attacked
the train guard and twenty-eight Gordon
Highlanders were killed, eighteen wound
ed and ten captured. The conductor, en
gineer and fireman of the train were sub
sequently shot. • • . .
THE DAY'S DEAD,
BALLASTON, N. Y., Aug. 3.— Colonel
Henry Clay Conde died here to-day, aged
68 years. He served In', the civil war. as
colonel on the staff of General Nelson,
participating in the Kentucky and Ten
nessee campaign. At the close of the war
he resumed the practice of law in Mem
phis, Tenn., and later removed to St.
Louis. He • became blind about twelve
years ago and has since made his home
here. In 1888 he was nominated as Chief
Justice af Alaska but declined the ap
pointment because of his then failing' eye
sight.- " • - . - . ' :
Frank Collier.
\ CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Frank Collier, once
well known as a politician and an attor
ney, died to-night at the County Hos
pital. He had been 111 for some time with
.typhoid fever and had never fully recov
ered from mental troubles, the result of
Injuries . received Beveral years ago in an
assault made upon him as. a result of a
political f eud. . ¦ '
William H. Clagett.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 4. r-Judge Wil
liam H. Clagett of Washington and Idaho,
died early this. morning- at his residence.
He was prominent ? in fusion politics In
Idaho and was atone time a candidate for.
United States Senator before the Legis
lature. He was . a prominent lawyer.
Judge Clagett was born In 1838. -
William. - B. ' Beach,.
LONDON, Aug. 8.— William B. Beach,
Conservative - member of Parliament -for
the 'Andover district of Hampshire,? died
to-day as the result of injuries- sustained
through being thrown from a cab yester
day afternoon ; Into the excavations in
Parliament street. • • , ..
Bt. Rev. Abram? Ii." Littlejohn.
. .WUJLIAtMSTpWN.S -Mass., - Aug. >«.—
Right Rev." Abram I* Littlejohn, D. " D.,
LL.^D., Bishop of , the. Episcopal diocese
of ; Long 5 Island, ¦ died suddenly - to-day. . at
Gray Luck Hotel, of apoplexy. He was 77
years of age. ¦*¦ He had been - here a week'
on a vacation. , ' , • • • r
Miron ¦&. '¦. Decker^
: NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— Miron A., Decker,
a . well -, known .¦•¦' piano ¦ manufacturer, r ia
dead, aged 83.> Decker ; was ; born • in - the
Catskills and ; began ¦- the > manufacture of
pianos in this city about forty years ago.
Laufman works, Paulton, Pa.; Midland works,
Muncie, Ind. ; New Philadelphia works, New
Philadelphia, Ohio; Plcqua works, Picqua,
Ohio; . ; Reeves works. Canal Dover, Ohio;
Scottdale r works,- Scottdale, ..Pa. ; Struthera
works, Struthers, Ohio; Aetna-Standard works,
Bridgeport, Ohio; W. D. Wood works, Mc-
Keepport, Pa. These mills employ 16,000 men.
Non-union mills: Apollo works, Vandergrlft,
twenty-seven mills; Kirkpatrick, Leechburg,"
six mills; Old Meadow, Scottdale, six mills;
Saltsburgr works, three mills. In the non-union
.mills 0000 men are working:.
American Tin plate Company, union works:
American" works, Elwood, -Ind., twenty-six
mills; Anderson works, Anderson, Ind., seven
mills; Atlanta works, Atlanta, Ind., six mills;
Banfleld works, Irondale, Ohio, four mills, -
Beaver works, Lisbon. Ohio,' seven mills; Can
nonsburgr works, Cannonsburg, Pa., five, mills;
Champion works. Musketron, Mich., seven
mills;-- Chester works, Chester, "W. Va., four
mills; Cincinnati works, Cincinnati, Ohio, (four
mills being dismantled); Crescent works, Cleve
land, six mills; Cumberland works, Cumberland,
Md., five mills; Cambridge works, Cambridge,
Ohio, six mills; Elwood works, Elwood City,
Pa., six mills: Falcon works, Niles, Ohio, six
mills; Great Western works, Joliet, ' 111.', four
mills; Humbert works, Connellsville works,
Connellsville, Pa., six mills; Irondale works,
Mlddletown. Ind.. six mills; .Johnstown works,
Johnstown, Pa., two mills; Labelle works.
-Wheeling 1 , W. Va., ten mills; Laughlin works,
Martins Ferry. Ohio, fourteen mills, adding
eight mills more; Monongahela work3, Pitts
biivg, ¦ fourteen mills; Moorewood works," Gas
City, Ind., eight mills; Newcastle works. New
castle. Pa-, twenty mills; Plttsburg- works.
New Kensington. Pa., seven mills; Pennsyl
vania works. New Kensington, Pa., two mills;
Reeves Works, Canal Dover, Ohio, six mills;
Shenango woFks, ¦ Newcastle, T%i. thirty mills:
Star works, Fittsburgr, eight mills; United
States works. McKeesport, Pa., eleven mills.
In these 22,00ft men are on strike.
The. only non-union tin plate mill Js the one
at Monessen, employing 600 men.
American Steel Hoop Company — Union
Mills: Painter mill, Clark mills, Lindsay and
McCutcheon mills, Plttsburg;; Upper and
Lower Union mills, Youngstown, Ohio; War
ren and Girard mills, Monessen plant; Kim
berley works, Bharon and Greenville: Pome
roy Iron and Steel Company, Pomeroy, Ohio:
Bar mill plants at Mingo Junction and Bridge
port. They employ 8000 men.
The only non-union mill is the small one at
Duncanvllle. employing 300 men.
Federal Steel Company— Included In this com
pany are the Illinois Steel Company, Lorraine
Steel Company of Ohio and the Lorraine Steel
Company of Pennsylvania. .'
The following plants of the Illinois Steel
Company aro organized:
South ' Chicago works, 8000 men: Bridgeport
works. Chicago. 2000; Joliet works, 2000; Bay
view works, Milwaukee, 2000.
The plants of the two Lorraine companies at
Lorraine,-. Ohia. and at ( Johnstown, Pa./ are
credited with' o,felng non-union, but it Is un
derstood that t?je Amalgamated Association has
lodges of variifcs sizes in the plants and they
may be drawn Into the struggle.
. National Steel Company— Union Mllli: She
nango Valley Stejl Company, New Castle, Pa.;
Belial re Steel works, Bellairo, Ohio; Aetna
Standard Steel Works,- Mingo Junction, Ohio.
These employ about 9000 men. i
Non-union plants— Ohio Steel Works, Youngs
town, Ohio; King, -Gilbert. & Warner Works,
Columbus, Ohio; Buhl Steel* Works, Sharon,
Pa. These employ 6000 men. .
National Tube Company: Union mills—Re
public Iron ' Works, South Side, • Pittsburg;
Pennsylvania Tube Works, ' Pittsbure; River
side Iron Work?, Wheeling, W. Va.; Conti
nental Iron Works and Elba Works, Second
avenue, Plttsburg; National • Rolling Mills, Mc-
Keesport; Boston Iron and Steel Works, Mc-
Keesport. These employ ; an aggregate ot
20,000 men.
Non-union plants— National Tube Works and
Monongahela Steel Works, McKeesport; Na
tional Galvanizinff Works, Versailles, near
McKeesport; Syracuse : Tube Works, Syracuse,
New York; Ohio Tube > Works, Warren, Ohio;
Allison Plant, Philadelphia; Chester Pipe and
¦ Tube Company < Chester, Pa. ; Pittsburg Pipe
Works, Second avenue, Plttsburg; American
Iron and Steel Works. Mlddletown. Pa,, and
Youngstown. Ohio; Oil City Tube Works, Oil
City, Pa. Thee* employ 85,080 men.-- , ».
. The National Tube Company employs
at Its McKeesport works about 8000 men,
-but not all of these are organized, but
those who are occupying skilled posi
tions, and. if they quit work will
at once be stopped'-' in . all . depart
ments, at^ least, ¦:'¦ for v a time. ' The
rolling mill Is the foundation of the
process of plpemaklng^rlfit suspends all
departments wiU^be, obliged to quit' soon
er or later. The "same conditions exist in
the; various < companies -that, are placed in
the, non-union v list,' although" irf: some '.the
union is . so weak ; as to, be entirely in
effectual* unless .'strengthened.':' *
There is scarcely one of 400,000 em
ployes of the United ' States Steel Corpo
ration but may feel the stroke. : It may
be that the American Federation of La
bor will call out its thousands who han
dle products of the United States Steel
Corporation.
- The structural steel workers may refuse
to handle steel from - the mills of the
trust; the miners may refuse. to d|g coal
for trust mills; the railway organizations
may be drawn into the contest. . although
that Is not probable; unless it be speedily
broken by. the United States Steel Corpo
ration the strike and Its results . will : be
felt over, the whole of ; the United States.
Mills that manufacture finished products
and obtain their raw material from the
trust ;-- In , many - cases . will . be closed.
Tha .furnaces .that manufacture . iron
¦will be compelled to pile It' in: stock and
THE SAN FKA0NC1RCO /CALL, //SUNDAY, :AIJGUST,' 4,
"The real object of my trip out here is
to make a scientific Investigation of-, the
prop conditions of the Middle West. By
scientific I do not mean an estimate of
the financial loss or the decrease of the
crop . product caused . by the recent
drought, but I want to see if something
cannot be done to lessen the destructive
ness of droughts. I am satisfied that by
means of scientific study In the agricul
tural sphere a way can be devised where
by the loss to the farmer by drought can
be materially lessened. I have not yet
reached a conclusion as to how this can
be done, but the results of my investiga
tions will be given out on my return to
Washington. I first noticed the effect of
the drought when I struck Indiana. From
there west as far as I have been the dam
age is quite perceptible. I went to Omaha
and Lincoln first that I might have an op
portunity to see the condition of the crops
In Southern Iowa, as I had heard that
they were hurt the worst. From what I
have seen from the crops around Sioux
City I think they are in much better con
dition than those in the southern part of
the State. It is impossible for me to esti
mate the extent of the loss. That will
be given out In the, monthly bulletin,
which will be Issued August 10. I am go
ing from here through Minnesota to St.
Paul and probably will come back again
to Iowa. I suppose I will visit Missouri
before I return to Washington."
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Aug. 3.— Secretary of
Agriculture Wilson, who is . investigating
crop conditions In the Northwest, ex
pressed the opinion to-day that the situa
tion was not quite so bad as reported. He
said:
Studying to See if Something Cannot
Be Done to Lessen Destructive
ness, of Droughts. . \
WILSON THINKS CHOP
CONDITIONS EXAGGERATED
SAIGON, Aug. 3.— Prince Henry of Or
leans, who has been HI recently, has had
a serious relapse and Is suffering from "
grave intestinal complications. Small
hope is entertained for his "recovery.
Prince Henry of Orleans Dying.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— Court martials
are to be held in Manila on Lieutenant
Preston Brown and Captain Francis P.
Fremont. Second Infantry. The lieuten
ant is accused of killing a native who re
fused to recover the body of a ; soldier'
from the river. The charges against Cap-'
tain Fremont are not known yet.
Conrt-Martials to Bo Held in Manila.
3— Freight rates and refrigerator charges
on perishable products in all important
sections of the country. ~ :...-%.
The report says: "Such a thing as a par
ticular season for any kind of vegetable in
our principal markets ia at this time prac
tically unknown and It is now possible
>to draw upon the different sections of the
country and receive at any season of the
year^ nearly all the standard varieties of
vegetables."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.-The :A*ri cul
tural Department is preparing to issue an
exhaustive report by E. D. Ward Jr. and
Edwin S. Holmes Jr. on truck farming
and the transportation of - fruits :. and
vegetables in the United States). The re
port covers the following points:
1— A .description of the transportation of
fruits and vegetablesfrom Southern- truck
farms to Northern markets.' •
2— A description of the California fruit
Industry . and the movement of California
fruits to interior points and Atlantic sea
board cities. ¦"•- .- ;. ¦ : ¦¦
Exhaustive Beport Being Prepared
Under the Direction of the Agri
::t ;. :'¦-. cultural Department T; "¦-. ,'
FRUIT TRANSPORTATION
AND TRTJCX PAKHUNQ}
American Sheet Steel Company, Union mills.
Cambridge works, Cambridge, Ohio; Canton
works. Canton, Ohio; Chartiers works, Carne
gie. Pa. : CcrninK works, Hammond, Ind. :
Dennison works, Dennison, Ohio; Dresden
works. Dresden. Ohio; Falcon works. , JJIles,
Ohio; Hyde Park works, Hyde Park, Pa. ;
Following is a complete list of the conVr
panies whose employes are now on strike
and those likely to be involved:
PITTSBURG, Aug. .3.— It is considered
probable by all interested that the strike
order will be made general, calling out
the union men in the National Steel Com
pany, the Federal Steel Company and the
National Tube Company. Nothing defi
nite, however, can be known until after
the meeting of- the executive committee
of the Amalgamated Association to-mor
row. All the workers seen to-night are
confident that the order will be published
at once and expect the response to be gen*
eral and hearty. . .
Likely to Be Called Out
Thousands of Workers. Who Are
STRIKE TO BE' MADE GENERAL
Appointments in the Navy.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— The President
to-day made the following appointments
in the navy: William White, lieutenant
commander; Alfred A.. Pratt, lieutenant.
LONDON, Aug. -8.— A number of of
ficials of Liberia have arrived in England
for the purpose of endeavoring to procure
from. Great Britain the right to navigate
the Manna River, which separates Liberia
from Sierra Leone. The. delegation, which
consists of Secretary of the Treasury Bar
clay, Chief Justice Roberts : and Senator
King, who was the Liberian Commis
sioner to the World's Fair, have had an
interview with Colonial Secretary Cham
berlain, and negotiations to secure the de
sired right are now in progress. Barclay,
who has -held office for about twenty
years, in speaking of the matter to-day
said: . :: / ¦ ' '¦
Liberia is progressing well. Thanks to the
firm stand of the United States and Great
Britain we are untroubled with European ag
gression, though, -to tell the- truth, we are
rather afraid of Germany, as she is bo patent
ly on the lookout for colonies. However, I don't
think she will get a chance to appropriate our
country." I understand that steps are on foot In
New York for the formation of an American
line to West Africa. I believe It will.be an
advantageous undertaking, as 'the oils, timber
and such" products, now ¦ used . In- Liberia ¦ and
other West African countries come from Amer
ica, but by way. o^ England. : -A -direct, service
would obviate this . miscarriage of profits. Re
turn freights are still scarce, tmt with the rapid
development of ¦ the country's . mining interest
this difficulty should, shortly be. overcome,
while rubber Is always plentiful. There Is gold
in Liberia and a . company has already been
formed to develop the mines.
Financially Liberia' is progressing. One hun
dred thousand .pounds would wipe out all her
debts.. Considering that we have not received
any financial assistance, except from American
colonization, Liberia's standing compares fa
vorably with that of any West African State.
"- We are getting little negro immigration from
the United States. At present, Indeed, • it is
hard for immigrants to get work, for the na
tives are willing to work for $3 a month. Later
there will be plenty of opportunities for those
cognizant of mining matters. If American ne
groes would take. up this branch they would
have a great . future • on the West Coast, where
they can stand the climate twice as well aa a
white man. We are working slowly and stead
ily in the endeavor to find • a common basis of
government for our civilized and native popula
tions. The latter number over a -million.- We
are endeavoring to avpld the mistake so patent
in the Crown colonies around us of forcing our
ideas upon the natives. ¦ A gradual assimilation
of customs is the only way of. dealing with the
problem, and how successful : we have been can
be judged by the fact -that we have no organ
ized police force, and. often no serious criminal
caseo occur in six months' time. ¦'.-¦¦:¦•
Barclay, says the Liberians were very
glad to hear that it was proposed to're
establish the American squadron of war
ships in European waters, though there
was no harbor in Liberia at. present fitted
for a coaling- station. -*• ¦/
H-M-I-H-M-Hi I I 'I»M"I •H"H"I»H' %
then stop if the strike be carried for any
length of time and coke ovens will close
when the furnaces stop. : .u- ¦¦¦-¦', ,¦; - .
The big works of the Carnigie' company
are almost > free of unionism, but: this is
the citadel that will be attacked at once
by the Amalgamated Association. If the'
union men can close the other mills and
prevail upon union men to stop handling
structural steel and plates the plants at
Homestead and Duquesne can be serious
ly crippled, as their product would not be
taken. :•..¦•.
Edgar Thomson Steel Works .at
Braddock will not likely be affected. This
concern has contracts placed by railroads
direct that will operate It for seven
months. If the Chicago rail mill be closed
the Edgar. Thomson mill could roli some
, i ts -contracts. The Homestead armor
plate department would scarcely be af
fected, although ¦ if the workers there
could be induced to come out It would
place, the company in a bad situation re
faraipf. "f armor plate . contracts with
the Federal Government. At the Duquesne
sheet and iron plant bars are made large
ly. Much of the stuff made there In the
last week has been stocked. Labor lead
ers think that the upper and lower Union
mills might be induced to come out in case
a general strike in all the corporation
companies Is declared.
AN APPEAL TO McKTNIiEY.
the Steel Strike.
President Is Asked to Interfere in
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.-The Brotherhood
of Painters, Decorators and Paperhangers
held a special meeting to-day and decided
to Bend a petition to President McKinley
asking him to interfere on behalf of the
men in the strike of the Amalgamated
Association of Steel, Iron- and Tin Work
thTi 1^? 1 " 168 '*,^ 1 ? 11 wIn to-morrow print
thi stanrT^wW ****:p* Petition 'takes
the stand that the strikers have not had
a fair trial in public opinion, and asks
for investigation of this and other strikes
Steel Companies Join Syndicate.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
What are Humors?
Hood's Sarsaparilla
They are vitiated or morbid fluids cours-
ing the veins and, affecting the, 'tissues.
They are commonly due to defective diges-
tion but are sometimes inherited. j :
.' How do they, manifest themselvesT
• In;, many forms of v cutaneous eruption,'
salt rheum or eczema, pimples and bolls,
and in weakness, languor, general debility.
<\ How are they expelled ? By
which also builds up the system .that has
Buffered from them. " • , - v '
i It Ia the' best medicine for all humors.
VERY^RYINfi TO WOMEN
Are the J^ecullar Ills - Brought on by the
Depressing Weather of Summer.
[Perunals a Tonic Especially Adapted to Their Peculiar Diseases.]
. Mrs. A. M. Brazille, President St. Paul Woman's Study Club, and Secretary of
the Independent Order of Good Templars, writes: ~_ \
"It seems due to you that I should writeand tell you how much I appreciate
the great good Peruna has done me. If you had seen me a year ago, a worn- .
out, broken-down woman, and then see me to-day in perfect health, feel-
ing cheerful and happy, you would not wonder that I am so grateful to you.
"I had been in delicate health for several years, was unable to stand
any exertion whatever, and had continual backache and bearing-down pains.
"The slightest cold would aggravate the trouble and I looked on myself as -a
confirmed invalid until one of our club women told me how Peruna restored her to
perfect health. I began taking it the first week in October, and Thanksgiving day
I truly celebrated and gave thanks for restored health and usefulness."— Mrs. Bra-
zille, ' ' . ¦ .. m ¦ .
Weak and Nervous. v ing you gave me gcod health through
Mrs. H. Kohle. Defiance, O., writes:- your blessed Peruna,cnd now it has
"It gives me great pleasure to recom- • . . . _ , ' >¦ .
mend Peruna as one of the best medi- been six years since I first wrote tar:
cines for female weakness and catarrh. Dr. Hartman, and through his invalu-
iuTrimiraSa^. 11^ 0 " 3 Z S|g£S «*'• advice and never-failing Peruna:
"All my friends thought I had lung I am jn perfect health. .; ">: -
trouble, and I had almost given up, but "I- could not sit up over a; half -boor at
through one of Dr. Hartman s dooks l a time when I began taking Peruna. I
decided to write to him. He prescribed am now In perfect health, and have not
for me,, and I followed his directions had any signs of my old. complaint, (pet-
and took Peruna. I had taken it but a vie catarrh) for six years. There are not
short time until I was so much im- many of my age as healthy as I am. as
proved and regained my health and I am 44 years old. 'Peruna' is the
strength, and to-day my health is as name of our family -physician—It is
good as it has been for years. I hope never failing, gives quick relief."— Mrs.
Peruna may be the blessing to others E. Riker. , >
that it has been to me."-Mr 3 . H. Kohle. Hartman > s Advice. • BM
f'Peruna Is Never-Failing." Th e aDove are only three of thousands
Mrs E. Riker. 301 W. 1st street. Cedar of cases of female weakness that^havo
TTnii= t« writes- been cured by Dr. Hartman' s advice.
"•Heatth is wealth' and I have the All ailing women should write Dr. Hart-
best of health since taking your reme- man. Advice free. Address Dr. S. B.
"f A±i an r lt ,a Innn v*>nn* n/ unffnn Hartman, President of The Hartman
dies. After live long years Ot SUiter- Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
| if Prices this weeK^#
JJF We've cut our cut rates and we've cut theni %, v
- ¦¦ m( deep. All this week until Saturday night, |\;
M August ioth, provident buyers can save many_a flA-
>m dollar by taking advantage of this special: sale: «|i "
M Owl Bird Seed 3 lbs. !5c Duffy's Malt Whiskey . \\
It A ajc b*r with cuttle bone and All__ »_ 11 ix i»n'«- t ll
;,i booklet. Alien s Malt Whiskey ,\1
I Raymond's Complexion rJ^^^'dS^S; 25 C 1
ji' Regnltr ]5c * !»iOth D3lIS ' ' * '5c ; Ib II ¦
\% Theatre Rouge 2 for 25c b ny^e|u»7^rie e i^i5? u e " Ijjk
*\. Re^uur.oc ¦ : , Anita Cream T/ ';¦; v30c /fi|
™\ Hires Root Beer 2 for 25c Adv rie t e i u d %x soe ~ <mt w t^y' -jwl
VVtt> Some store* chmrge 25c — our ree- 11 1 • r* ' In : idJi '
m, oi^priceioc. . , Malvina Cream 30c mi
M Cleavers English Un- ) - A f 0^ tm . tb " woal^ tie11 ; -
w, cented Soap 4 for 25c _ Munyon's Soap y'= ? ~\§zfflv/
\J^\~ Regular price ioc a cake. '• * > '. . ', Other stores charpe 15c. ' ' ¦ ¦¦">•CROMBERG, Aug. 3.— Emperor Wil
liam's resolve to hasten - here is due to
the fact that the Dowager Empress Fred
erick had a serious failure of strength, last
evening. The condition of the Dowager
Empress, however, has since improved
and there is no disposition to anticipate
immediate danger.. Professor Renvers,
the specialist, is to arrive at the palace
to-morrow. All of . , Emperor Wllliam'3
children and other members of the, royal
family . except Prince Henry^ of . Prussia,
who is with the German fleet at Cadiz,
are expected here. .
attend the ceremony, but *. will .'go to
Friederichshof. .
RF.DDIXG. Aug. 3.— C. D. Porter, a min
ing expert of Seattle, who is here in the
interests of Eastern capital, says that the
neopie he represents wiJl take the JIc-
Clur? srrcrp of five copper claims adjoin
ing Captain Ddamar's Bully Hill holding,
that was recently bonded by them for $60,
0C0. He says ihe initial payment under
ihe terms cf a short option will be $1500,
to be raid August 10, other payments to
foliow rapidly^
Will Buy Big Copper Mines.
parries at Fort Collins, charging them
•with illegally living together as man and
v.1fe. Piggott says he has secured a di
vorce from his former wife, but she dis
putes the claim.
jrott of Philadelphia has begun legal pro
ceedings In the Arapahoe County District
Court against Henry H. Pig-gott and
Charlotte Wheeler Byram. asking: for
SE0.000 alimony former and $50,000 damages
In the latter on account of Piggrott's al
leged desertion of the plaintiff. Mrs. Pig-
K-ott recently caused the arrest of the
Mrs» Piggott Sues for Big Money.
DENVER. Aug. 3.— Mrs. Mabel D. Pig-
Miss Moore spent the aay at a local ho
teL and this evening will take the train
direct for San Francisco.
Miss Moore was indignant and made ud
her mind to Immediately return to her
California home. She did not have enough
money, however, and bravely went to
work as matron of the Dawson jail. In
that manner she secured quite a sum of
money, enough to psy her fare to the-out
t-ide. In the meantime Miss Moore started
fait for breach of promise against the rich
captain. That suit is still pending In the
Dawson courts. She asked for $25,000 for
the alleeed broken promise.
Miss Moore made the trip from San
Francisco to Dawson. nearly 3003 miles,
alone. She had worked the previous sum
mer tor a large company at Kome as sten
ographer, and there met the captain. A
passing acquaintance soon ripened lnto'a
better understanding and the captain pro
posed to the pretty stenographer. She
accepted him and they formally an
nounced their engagement of marriage.
Finally duty called Captain Bledsoe up
the Yukon, where he took charge of the
large river steamer Susie, one of the best
boats on the Yukon River. Miss Moore
returned to her home in San Francisco.
The lovers, though parted, wrote regular
ly, and by letter it was arranged that
Miss Moore should make the trip alone
to Dawson. where she should wed the
captain. Securing her trousseau she
started, and after considerable difficulty
reached the Klondike metropolis. There
the found her promised husband -with an
other bride.
SEATTLE. Aug-> 3. — Among the return
ing pesseasers from the north on the
steamship Humboldt to-day "was Nina
Moore, the pretty Saa Francisco stenog
rapher, who xrent to Dawson a few
months agro to marry Captain Bledsoe,
who is said to have made a fortune navl
gutinc vessels on the Yukon. She went
north under promise of marriage to Bled
so«. but reached the Klondike metropolis
to find .aim the husband of another
woman. Several days before his promised
wife from California reached Dawson the
ca.ptsin was wedded to a variety actress,
who was performing in a Dawson thea
ter.
Special Dirpatch to The CilL
San Francisco Young Wo
man Returns Without,
a Bridegroom.
Emperor ;William Suddenly Decides to Abandon "His Pro-;
gramme to Visit Hamburg and Other Places in Order
to Hasten to His Mother s Bedside at Friederichshof
Miss Nina Moore Finds
Her Prospective Hus
band Wedded.
WEDDING BELLS
ALL A-JANGLE
EMPRESS DOWAGER FREDERICK'S
CONDITION AGAIN CAUSING ALARM
CORNING-, Aug. 3.— Lafe Warmoth, one
of the leading business men of Paskenta,
had his hip broken by jumping from a
buggv while driving near Kirkwood to
day. "A broken bridle caused the team to.
run away and Warmoth jumped out of
the buggy.
Merclianta Injured in a Runaway.
BAKER CITY, Or.. Aug. 3.— E. .7. God
frey ar.d Clark Taber, owners of the Red
Boy mine, were held up at an early hour
this morning while on their way home
from the mine to Sumpter by three
masked men, who secured about $130 from
them The men evidently were after the
hlg month's clean-up of the miner sud
posed to l.e $-30,000. '
Bandits Rob Mine-Owners.
BUTTE, Aug. 3.— Regarding the report
that he would unite with James J. Hill in
building a smelter at Great Falls, Senator
Clark was not inclined to confirm or deny
the report. He said it was amongthe pos
sibilities. And that from him means that
he will build. It means a great deal more
for that part of Montana, for it will be on
a gigantic scale. _
Will Build Smelter at Great Falls.
In Atchison to-night a heavy rain fell,
being preceded by a , terrific thunder
storm. Crops will be greatly ] benefited
again. - . . _ . .
OMAHA. Aug. 3.— Rain, which appears
to be generai throughout the northern
portion of Nebraska, Southern South Da
kota and the northern portion of Iowa,
commenced falling early this morning
and continued with but slight Intermis
sion until late this afternoon.
Reports received at the Weather Bu
reau indicate favorable conditions for
rain to-night throughout Nebraska,
Northern Iowa and South Dakota.
TOPEKA, Aug. 3.— General rains fell in
Eastern Kansas to-night, accompanied
by a big drop. in temperature. In Topeka
the rain commenced shortly before mid
night and will- likely last for several
hours.
Dakota Report a Considerable
Downpour.
Nebraska, Northern Iowa and South
HEAVY RAINS BENEFIT
THE GROWING CBOPS
. WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— Mr. Tracewell,
the Comptroller of the Treasury, in. a de
cision rendered to-day holds that Henry
Gannett, the present geographer of the
eleventh census, was illegally approved,
and hence Is not entitled to compensation.
Gannett also holds the positipn of geogra
pher in the Geological Survey, and the de
cision of the Comptroller of the Treasury
is based on the -law which inhibits anv
person from holding two positions under
the Government the compensation of
either" of which is $2500 or more per an
num. Gannett was appointed to his posi
tion in the census "without compensa
tion," presumably with a view to asking
Congress to authorize the payment of the
salary in case the Comptroller should de
cide that he was not entitled to it under
the present law. Although he does not
decide the point, the Comptroller raises
the question whether Gannett's present
salary of $3600 as geographer of the Geo
logical Survey" is not $1100 in excess of the
amount authorized by Congress.
He Holds. Two Positions in
Violation of Law.
Comptroller of Treasury Decides That
GEOGRAPHER GANNETT
MAY NOT GET HIS SALARY
BUTTE. Mont., Aug. 3.— This city la a
strong union city, one of the best in the
United States, and it was supposed that
every trade at work here was unionized.
A new union, however, is in fierce, which
promises to give the others cards and
spades and then beat them out. It is an
organization of working girls, called the
Women's Protective Union. It has been
working quietly, but now is ready for
business, and has laid down the law -to
employers. Every boarding house, hotel
and restaurant in Butte will be brought
into the fold if possible, and as these In
stitutions are supported by union men
the employers will have to come to time.
All union men have been requested to see
if the girl who waits on them wears the
badge, a neat one designed for the union.
Each member is .also given a working
card, and all employers of female help
have been requested to demand her card
from every girl applying for a job. House
wives are alarmed, for the servant prob
lem is at all times a hard one in this inde
pendent city. This organization of domes
tics will be a sad blow to them. Miss
Maggie Kangas is business agent and . is
doing good work. She is also sentinel.
Her work is to bring girls into the union-
Miss Maggie Keegan is president. Miss
Mamie White vice president, and they
have a full corps of officers.
Design and Is Furnished With
a Card.
Each Member Wears a Badge of Neat
WORKING GIRLS ORGANIZE
STRONG UNION AT BUTTE
Of various infractions of military pro
priety, it was frequently noticed, says the
report, that officers and enlisted men to
gether visited drinking saloons and treat-'
ed each other to. intoxicants at public
bars. This, says Colonel Wilhelm, at
once shows the entire absence of a proper
understanding of their duties as officers
and enlisted men. Military efficiency, he
says, is out of the question where such
familiarity is permitted.
The • report declares that official chan
nels are more or less Ignored and reports,
returns, requests and requisitions are not
sufficiently scrutinized in transmission.
The report is in some respects an ar
raignment of the methods which obtain
in the administration of the citizen sol
diery. ..: It observes that the animals?: of
some . of the mounted troops were very
irregularly fed, so much so that their ser
vice might have been regarded asjdoubt
ful. Upon inquiry as to the cause it was
found that the issue of hay and straw
was distributed 1 to the animais without
any regard to the regulation allowance
per animal, resulting in over and under
feeding. For this, declares Colonel Wil
helm, the detachment commanders are re
sponsible and should be held for inatten
tion. .. , .-
The neglect to pack' up the tent pins at
the breaking of camp 'is characterized as
unpardonable carelessness and should
have been looked into by the regimental
quartermasters. The cooking was de
clared to be good, although in some of
the kitchens considerable food was wast
ed. The complaints of lack of supplies
were found unworthy of attention.
Colonel Wilhelm observes that the term
militia, as applied by law to the force of
the State, seems to be unfortunate. ' It is
now hardly synonymous with the highest
meaning of the word military, and in
modern times has come to signify the un
disciplined domestic forces subject to be
called for the defense of the nation in its
very last extremity.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 3.— Colonel Thom
as Wilhelm, United States army, retired,
and inspector general of rifle practice of
the National Guard, has sent to Adjutant
General W. H. .Seamans a report of his
observations of the mobilization at Camp
Gage, near Santa Cruz, of the State mili
tia, r--;^
Snecla! Dispatch. to The Call.
Report of the Inspector Calls
Attention to Some
Defects.
DENVER. Aug. 3.— "Subsequent ' cvent3
have fully sustained General Miles in the
position he took relative to the conduct
of the war in the East Indies," said Gen
eral H. C. Merriam of the Department of
the Colorado to-day. "He opposed many
of the movements ordered by the" "War
Department, but he was overruled. Hi3
judgment "was afterward found to be cor
rect. I have been reading a recommen
dation made by him to the "War Depart
ment In 1898, in which he vigorously ob
jected to sending troops to Cuba during
the hot weather. Notwithstanding his ad
vice, however, the War Department went
ahead, and as a result we lost many, men
who might have been saved had the expe
dition been put off a few months. The
result of Miles' Santiago campaign, with
the slight loss of men, proved the cor
rectness of his theory. In the light of
after events. General Miles' recommenda
tions made two or three years ago are in
teresting reading."
Valuable
• •; Suggestions.
War Department Unwisely
General Merriam Says
Results Show W:slbm
of His Course.
Colonel -.•¦ Wilhelm Gom
' ments Severely on
) Gamp Gage.
ARMY OFFICER
SCORES MILITIA
15
EVENTS FULLY
SUSTAIN MILES
The fools that rush in where angels fear
to tread- are lucky if they: are . able to
crawl out again.
Pensions were granted to the following
residents of California:. Original— John
McMahon; San Francisco. $10; Edwin W.
Woodward, San Francisco, ?s. increase—.
Lcroy Bancom, Corralitos.. $S; John^K.
Insley. Veterans' Home. Napa, $8. Mexi
can War. survivors — William Turner, San
ta Paula. $12. ¦ War with Spain, original —
Henry Wrightman, Gracy, ?12., .. ¦
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— A postofficc
was established to-day in ¦ Oregon, at
Holdman, Umatilla County, • with Isaac
Smith . aa . Postmaster. The following
Postmasters were commissioned: . Oregon
—Pearl L. Robinson, Ixme Rock. "Wash
ington— Egbert *D. Godfrey, Sunset. Ap
pointed: California— B. Lipman, Cuya
rsaea, San Diego County, vice Alfred V.
Thorne, ' resigned. "Washington — A.- Von
presentin, Sailk. Skaglt County, vice
Mrs. A- M. Thompson, resigned.
Of Interest to People of the .Coast.
-OTTAWA. Aug. 3.-A larger English and
Canadian syndicate'^of capitalists has been
granted a' permit for the i diversion " of the
water ¦ of the , Klondike River throughout
the entire district . for the purpose of
hydraulic mining. The existing rights^of
miners ; are preserved, but even whore
rig-hta;have already been • established the
grantees ¦ will have the right of supplying
the- holders' with .water; for I mining pur
poses»at the*option of • the latter. Th»
grantees ¦¦ among other matters ; are bound
to expend 5250 ,00« in the construction •¦¦ of
works within the year 1902. The order In
council has not been, gazetted yet, but it*
is said that it will, be very, shortly.. -There
is reason to believe that the; promoters
have I succeeded in promoting a' company
to operate under the name of the British-
Canadian Syndicate. \
of the Klondike River f or Hy
draulic Mining."
SYNDICATE WILL FURNISH
"WATER TO THE MINERS
Eeceives Permission to Divert Water
The tombstone maker does not contest
the validity of distress warrants in gen
eral, but. asserts that the tax is exorbi
tant., He will appeal to the courts. In the
meantime the City: Hall's back yard con
tains a sobering suggestion to municipal
officials of the mortality of the human
frame. '
The Treasurer was promptly on hand
with a heavy van and selected not only
one but a score of monuments for the
windowless palace of death in which he
will end his political career. There are
baby tombstones and good sized head
pieces/for adults in the Treasurer's catch.
Shafts surmounted by angels and pedes
tals embellished with German; French and
Bohemian inscriptions are . in the collec
tion. ., • " ' \ -. .
The grewsome wares to which the Treas
urer now holds title include a large quan
tity of steel immortelles, cast iron sheaves
of wheat, several harps with broken
strings and enough metal palm branches
to equip a Grecian ballet.
Baumeister lost his stock in trade
through a disbelief that death and taxes
were inevitable. When the Treasurer
sent him what was said to be final notice
to pay up the stone j worker returned the
following message: "I hereby' invite
Treasurer Hennings to. call- at-. my shop
to pick out a tombstone for his political
grave." .-, ¦ \;
OMAHA, Neb.. Aug. 3.— City Treasurer
Hennings, whose van and distress war
rant have become a terror to tax shirkers,
has brought "a unique catch to the back
yard of the City Hall. In default of 5100
unpaid personal tax the tombstone works
of A. Baumeister have been seized and
carried away. , The City Hall yard now"
bears semblance to a well populated cem
etery. . . . ¦ •
There is little water to be had and It
soils at fifty cents a barrel. Ice. which
lias to be brought twenty-five miles over
.land, is scarce and sells at three and a
half cents a pound.
Liquor dealers are flocking to town and
declare they will open saloons in the
country August 6 when the auction sale
of town- lots opens, notwithstanding 1 they
cannot by law be^in business before giv
ing sixty days' published notice. The ter
ritory officials are preparing to make
wholesale arrests. In the meantime
•whisky and beer are l>elng shipped into
the country on every train. *
Lawton continued to grow at a rapid
rate here to-day. Much suffering has
already resulted. -
LAWTON, O. T., Aug. 3.^-A petition has
been telegraphed to Kandlet, ¦ Indian
Agent at Anadarko, signed by five hun
dred persons, asking: him to suppress
gambling of all kinds that prevails here.
It is asserted, however, that he has no
authority to interfere so- long as the In
dian are left alone. Hundreds of "hold
up" games are plied on every hand and
the innocent are robbed right and left
The Oklahoma law prohibiting the sale
of. cigarettes or cigarette paper is en
forced, but there is no- law which can
touch the g-amblers.
EL RENO, O. T., Aug. 3.— Hundreds of
homeseekers who failed to draw a claim
in the Kiowa-Comanchc country are sell
ing- their tents, horEes and wagons at a
sacrifice in order to reach their homes
Many others who camped on the border
land for months expecting that it would
be opened by ! a, "run" are destitute and
suffering: Is already apparent. Hundreds
are drifting south toward the new three
projected towns of Anadarko, Hobart and
Lawton, hoping that something may turn
up. Many merchants and professional
men drew claims while hundreds of needy
have found themselves without either the
hoped for land or money sufficient to
purchase necessities.
Oniaha Treasurer Takes
Them to Secure Un
paid Taxes.
Hundreds of Homeseek
ers Now in Destitute
* -
Condition.
NOVEL SEIZURE
OF TOMBSTONES
BOSTON, j Aug. 3.— Brooklyn blanked Boston
to-day by bunching hits with the latter's er
rors. Despite ' the manv errors,, - the fielding
was sood. Attendance. 5500. Score: -,
Clube-j- ; ; r7^/? R. H. ' E.
Boston , .„.'. , 0 8 6
Brooklyn 5 .:' 8 l
Batteries— Nichols and Kittredge; Kitson and
SIcGutre. Umpire— Dwyer.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 3.— Clark's slow fielding
of Crawford's long hit In the eighth made It a
home run, tleing the score. Attendance, £500.
: Clubs-* • It. H. . E.
Pittsburg 4 '9- 6
Cincinnati ..7 11 v 0
Batteries— Philllppl and O'Connor; Phillips
and Bergen. Umpire — Nash. ' .'•<-..;-. / ; • -
NEW. YORK. Aug. 3.— Orth held the New
Yorks 6afe at all stages of the game to-day.
Attendance, 9200. Score: ¦ ":sr N
Clubs—. R. II. 'e.
New York .......*..' 0 t- 3 . 1
Philadelphia 5 ¦ ¦'— u'y '¦¦:, ¦ •. \
Batteries— Denzer, Deegan and ' Bowerman;
Orth and McFarland. Umpire— Emslie.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 3.-Mlserable work by
the Baltimores handed over two games to
Washington here to-day. In tr><* first game
Foreman's wlldness and weakness toward the
close lost the game. In the second game Mc-
Ginnity did not settlr down until after the
first Inning, but his comrades played a yellow
game. Attendance, 6f00. Score, first game:
Clubs— . R. H. . E.
Baltimore '< 11 5
Washington :..G- 7 1
Batteries— Foreman and Bresnehan; Patten
and Clarke.
Second game: '
Clubs— R. H. 13.
Baltimore • 5 12 fi
Washington 8 S 2
Batteries — McGinnity ' and Breenehan; Gear
and Clarke.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 3.— Bunched hits by
the home team,, with a couple of mlsplays by
the visitors -enabled Philadelphia to make
«nough runs In the third Inning to win . the
game from Boston. Attendance, 7200. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Boston 4 12 3
Philadelphia '. 7 13 2
Batteries— Lewis and Schreck: Plank ai}d
Powers. '< • /
.CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Chicago was outplayed
all the way through in to-day's game, every
one of the mlsplays counting for the visitors,
who were successful In pulling out of /tight
holes. Attendance, 9300. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Chicago .'." 6 10 5
Detroit ¦ 8 8 1
Batteries— Katoll and Callaghan; Sugden, Mil
ler and Buelow.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. S.~The game went to
the visitors in '< the - tenth, when Scott made a
home run over the left field fence. Attendance,
1800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Milwaukee 7 11 4
Cleveland- 8 11 5
Batteries — Sparks, Reldy and Donahue; Scott
and Connor. . I
». NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— The entire St. Louis nine
faced Eason In the first inning to-day, five of
them scoring. Attendance, 3800. ¦ Score:
Clubs— R.* II. E.
Chicago 2 8 1
St. Louis . 3 10 0
Batteries — Eason and Kehoe; Harper - and
Ryan. Umpires— O' Day and Brown. .
EASTERN BASEBALL.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DOWAGER EMPRESS FREDERICK, OLDEST DAUGHTER OF THE LATE
QUEEN VICTORIA, WHOSE CONDITION HAS CAUSED HER SON,
EMPEROR WILLIAM OF GERMANY, TO HASTEN TO HER BEDSIDE.
FAR FROM HOME
AND PENNILESS
The Emperor's abandonment of the pro
gramme indicates that the condition of
his mother is most serious. Professor
Renvers was at Friederichshof this week
and made a much longer stay there than
usual. The Taunusbote, a local newspa
per of the vicinity, said yesterday that
the condition of Empress Frederick had
recently grown much worse. She no
longer goes out and his Majesty is ex
pected at Friederichshof as soon as pos
sible. It is believed that the Crovrn
Prince, Frederick William, who is booked
for the opening of the International Zoo
logical Congress here August 12, will not
*
|i\v ERLIN, Aug. 3.— The Lokal Ati
—4/ zeiger says the death of the
j\ Dowager Empress is expectc-d at
any moment. Emperor Wil
liam's sudden decision to aban
don his programme to visit Hamburg and
other places owing to the news from
Friederichshof about the health of the
Dowager Empress Frederick attracts
much attention here. It is known that
his Majesty anticipated with the keenest
interest welcoming Field Marshal von
Waldersee personally on the latter's re
turn from China, intending to make the
ceremonies most patriotic, on that oc
casion.
THE SAK1TEANC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1901.
HAMBURG, Aug. 3.— Emperor William
has telegraphed from Bergen, Norway,
to ..the Senate here announcing the
abandonment of his proposed visit to
Hamburg on account of the^ news regard
ing his mother's condition, adding that
he has charged the Crown Prince to rep
resent him at the reception to Field Mar
shal Count von Waldersee on his return
from China anctV thanking Hamburg for
the extensive preparations made 'by the
city, which has always been foremost in
demonstrating German patriotism. »'; /
ADVEBTISEHEITTS.
| SPECIAL SALE |
© MONDAY, TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY §
1 65c/ I
© 130 dozen TOADIES* TWO-CLASP A
a WASH SUEDE GLOVES, in all gL
a sizes. Just the thing for shopping. 2
S "walking or school wear. Regular JJ
g rvalue one dollar.. • '
I T4c. I
O LADIES' TWO-CLASP REAL ©
© KID GLOVES, in red, brown, a
q mode, tan, gray, white and black; a
q stylish, durable and good fitting. S
5 The best value ever offered.
I 95c. I
§ 50/ dozen LADIES* IMPORTED ©
• TWO - CLASP PIQUE KID©
©GLOVES, never before sold for©
O less than one dollar and fifty cents. A
0 Every pair fitted and guaranteed, f*
.q It will pay you to investigate this 2?
© s ale. g
I MOSS GLOVE STORE |
2 1210 Market St., g
S Between Taylor and Jones Streets. ©
AUCTION
Of the Crook's Properties.
SALE!
BY ORDER OF COURT.
CHOICE
MONDAY,
AUGUST 12... 1901
At 12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO,,
1^ MONTGOMERY ST.
No. 813 Washington Street.
Southwest corner "WasMnsTton and "Waverly
place, between IXraont and Stockton sta. : im-
provements consist of three-story brick build-
ings: rents $166 per month. #
Nos. x 716 and 718 Jackson Street.
North line, between Dupont and Stockton
sts. ; improvements consist of four-story sub-
stantial brick buildins; rents $;'3O per month;*
lot 31:4x137:6.
POTRERO.
The following three pieces are in the vicinity
of properties recently purchased by the Santa
Fe Railroad Company:
Southeast corner 19th and Wisconsin sts.;
: lot 133x111. irregular.
i'iv.T, POTREKO.
Northwest corner 19th and ¦Wisconsin sts.;
lot 67x163, irregular.
'¦ '-.' POTRESO. -^y- ~
Northwest corner 13th and 'Wisconsin sts.;
lot £01x152. irrezular.
TOWNSEND STREET,
Between Third and Fourth sts., northwest lino.
opposite the Southern Pacific Railroad depot.
This choice holding suitable for manufactur-
ing and warehouse purposes; lot 60x275. ir-
regular; 2 frontages.
. For further particulars apply to referees.
J. T. HARMES. 62S Market St.
G. H. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery it
P. J. SULLIVAN. Parrott bldg.
1 liilmUa. I
1 aVn this fireai Train H /
I AWD runs but twice |
S pflrwwk during «
I THURSDAY "•-" I
kj tli"" Leaving at 9 am, l c
m" A 1 1 II* Alt 111 I ( *^8'' ** *. IS m
3 1 IMlTFfl ~ 1
I LIRIIIlU RsblflHstudarO I
i o! service Is If
i U" fully malntaliMd. I
pint I
¦¦ :v - / . - -
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, IN VIGOR A-
Iter fend Nervine,
.The roost wonderful aphrodisiac and Speeial
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes,
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder, Sells on its own merits,
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
S2i Market st.. 8. F.-(Send for Circulars.) i
OUk CHICHEVTKR'S ENGLISH
Pehnyboyal fills
B _«/!'r*V ' * ©rlsl««» ¦¦* Only Genuine.
fi-A\ &s«U. r« CllICnESTEE-S ENGLISH
fr"&!$PraS£w 1a UU1) u4 told ttetailte tuw. ml*tt .
*W - — »» T2 fi "»lth bios ritbop. Take bo other. Refu««
fn 4% *V* ]>3hj:bpoii« Babntltatioas and Imlta.
¦ I / ~" to f""*- B "7 of y aaT Crnj^Ut. or wad 4*. in
I (v w<r Ptimp* 1br Partl««lar«, Te*tlaanlala ¦
V 9* ' E* * n(1 "Relief for Ladian,"** l«f.'«r. &s re.
_Jv P Ian Mill. 1 0,n«O T«timoni»u. Solr! bj . •
- — ""I »H Drugj!»'«. iJhicheBtcr Chemlol C«,
Keniioa tih paper. MadUaa <*o*«r«. FlliiJU F^. *
, . 1 . — .
DR. HALL'S REIN VIG0RAT0R3£HTgS
Five hundred reward for any
ease we cannot cure,' This secret jP** *¦¦*
remedy stops losses in 24 hours, ¦__
cures Emissionf, Inipntency, Vari- JjggJ SpJ
cocele. Stricture*. Gleet . Drains, fjCTS ™i
Ixist llanhood and all other wast- 5£=*fl (»**
ing effects of self-abuse or excess- jfjgijL . ?fej
I es. Sent sealed, $2 bottler; 3 bottles, MMi"i"iiiJ
I E i guaranteed to cure any case. Addresa
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 355 Broa.l-
way. Oakland/ CaJ. Also .. for sale - at . 1O73',»
Market St.. S. F. All private disease* qulckiy . .
cured, Send for free book.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
Send Name and Address To-Day---You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.;;
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
rerlert rtteestlcn. complete absorption *nd
h-8iil-.ful recularity. «•
For the cure of ft n disorders C f the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels. KidDeye, Bladder. Female lr-
»*KiiUrltles. t-lclc Headache. Biliousness, Con-
? tlpation. Piles and all derangements of "the
Internal Viscera. 25c a focr. At DrusrglBtn. cr
fcy mall. RADTV'AY & CO., New Xork.
Tuitly vegetable, fnl'.d and reliable. Causes
¦¦ . i ¦ ' - ;
. "Dear. Sir — Please . accept my sincere thanks
for yours . of • recent • date. I have given your
treatment ' a thorough test and the benefit has
How any man may quickly cure himself after
year* i of ¦_ suffering . from sexual weakness, • lost
vitality, night i losses, 'varicocele, etc., and en-
large small,. weak organs to full size and vigors
Simply send I your name and address to Dr. h.
W. < Knapp." 1373 Hull building;, Detroit, Mich. ,
and' he will gladly send the free receipt • with
full 'directions so that any man may easily cure
himself at home.' This is certainly a most gen-
erous : offer, and . the following extracts taken
from his dally mail' show what men think of
his. generosity: \ ; ; •..'•¦¦-¦ :-. - ; .;
' "Dear Sir— Yours was received .and I had no
trouble in making use of the receipt as directed
and can truthfully gay it is.a.boon'to weaK
men, I am greatly improved: In 'size,, strength
and vigor. '.!..;; ¦ -.¦* ¦¦¦•¦. , ¦. ;
All correspondence Is strictly - confidential,
mailed in > plain, sealed envelope.'^The; receipt
is free for the asking and he wants every man
to have it.
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
mo up. * I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am." 1
¦ "Dear Sir— Your -method worked beautifully
Results were exactly what I needed. ; Strength
and vigor have completely returned ' and^ en»
largement 1b entirely satisfactory,': , ,
I* W." KNAPP. M, D.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DDITCUmC for barbers, bak-
AJXlU Uiir/U rr? . boctblacks, bath-
«*.>.¦. w wumw houses, billiard tables,
l>r«wers. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
«!yers. flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofcra. tanner*, tallora, etc
} visit DR. JORDAN'S great,
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
6 Cd isEimirisi.trt.6i>7&,s.r.cti ,
\ Or The Largest Atutmaiau 1 Mutual in the
0 _ 1J -ji-j,, World. Weaknesses or a* ;r?;te<i
® |pll| Spea»list ob the Coast 3:sl Ifiyrz-n. ' >.
1 hvgfl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN ,
1 1 Cor*ult*tion free snd strictly privtte.
m i ]Kfe? a Treatment prr!>or.al!y or by letter. A ,
? fi fr <R B ftitive Cure in every case uaderralcen. '
aril 110 Write for Boek. PSIfcOHOPBy of ,
f • ff 1 HillBIACS, MAILED FREE. ( A (
A fl cr nlu&ble book for mro)
W OB. JOSDAS A CO.. 1051 Market KL.S. F. I
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Are a benefit to healthy women. But to
women who are suffering from diseases
peculiar to their sex they are an injury.
When there is weak back or bearing-
down pains, sideache or other indications
. j. of womanly weak-
rw . JS ness, exercise can
I W J only aggravate the
V\ condition. The
I 1 /i«&£ I womanly health must
IVf b "!5h V s * ** rst restored, be-
1\ I X^V / * ore 6tren S th can **
I 1 I \X*£ I developed by exer-
II llSSliil J vorite Pi^Kcription
IX^H^^^^^-^ makes weak women
I* «/wO§8 strong and sick
1 women, well. It does
| /Sjg&g&j&k this by dealing the
I lBi§if^g womanly diseases
i geJBEaSSiiza which undermine the
1 B&taSz&X&k general health. It
1 JtJffSfwSsSaa, s t°P s the drains that
I H^SwP^ot wea^ en women, heals
tffl§ffijjS5f~ais3 inftamzoatum and ui-
HB*j8p«fct§P^r ceration and cures
H(ffifr|tS§rjft|y female weakness.
I " TSTien I first coni-
I WSjHSy menced using Doctor
I TEBjigy Pierce's medicines,"
I Z3v"^ Tmtes Mrs. George A.
I »P9ra. Strong, of Gansevoort,
I «S^fl Saratoga Co., N. Y., "I
"* I <>^ was suffering from fe-
1 male weakness, & dis-
| **^ (* cgTeeable drain, bcaring-
down pains, weak and
tired feeling all the tinw. I dragged around in
that way for two years, and I began taking your
medicine. After taking first bottle I began to
feel better. I took four bottles of I>r. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription, two of ' Golden Medical
Discovery.' one vial of ' Pleasant Pellets,' also
used one bottle of Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy.
Ifow I feel like a new person. I can't thank
you enough for yonr kind advice and the good
your medicine has done me.
"I have a sister who is taking yonr ciedidne
and it is helping her."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets promote
regnlarity of the bowels, and assist the
action of * Favorite Prescription." No
other laxative should be used mth Dr.
Pierce's Medicines. . .WEST NEWTON, Pa., Aug. 3.-The dry
goods store of >Rouste .'& Brody; the shoe
store of J. F. Schauger, : McLain ; & Jo
sephs' furniture store and W. F. Gordon's
farm Implement -, warehouse were de
stroyed by.,fire to-night. 'Loss $100,000. '
: LONDON, , Aiig. 3.— The West Indian
committee' announces, that, .the .Govern
ment has accepted the invitation of Bel
gium to attend another sugar conference
in the autumn' to consider the question of
the- abolition of the bounties. ¦ - .
¦.EVANSVILLE,: irid., Aug. ? 3.— A large
warehouse belonging to the broom ; corn
trust and filled with broom corn , was de
stroyed: by fire '¦ to-night, entailing a loss
of $150,000. : The Rescue Mission, adjoining
the warehouse, was also destroyed, with a
lOSS Of $10,000. •.;. ,¦,-•-;/¦ :¦:'.-.¦
Warehouse and Mission Burned.
-MARQUETTE, Wis., Aug. 3.— All the
property of Sech j & • Son of Crivetz has
been turned over .to Gerhard Kersten for
the benefit of the creditors of the Chilton
Bank, which recently failed. The Ker
stens will submit a-proposition to pay the
bank's creditors 75 cents on the dollar at
stated Intervals, about 30 per cent to be
in cash.. , The total liabilities are' $600,000.
According to this plan -the Kerstens, will
have to pay $450,000 to the creditors, and
are confident they can do it.'
Property for Creditors.
Special .Dispatch to~ The jCall.
SEATTLE, Aug. £— Ralph L.' Ross, a.
stamp clerk In the office of the local Dep
uty Collector of Internal Revenue, is short
in his accounts to the amount ¦ of $4000.
Unless: the shortage Is made good to-mor-'
row- mbrnlng,> of .which there, seems- no
hope, his -and /prosecution by. the
Government officers will follow. L .. ;. •
Ross has held the office for' something
more than a year. .He was sergeant-major
of the First Washington Volunters and
has an excellent^'record for service in the
Philippines. It was in view of his service
and gener.al popularity that he was given
the political appointment.'*- He now. tells
a- story 'that- Is only partially, believed.-
Freely admitting that lie ; has spent the
money he says that he first took a small
amount to -pay "some debts incurred in a
business venture' prior to' his jj appoint
ment. : : ..
In the hope of making up this small
amount he took more and proceeded to
play- faro,- going* deeper and deeper into
the GovernmenTs money, until a few
days ago he was confronted by a short
age of nearly $4000. .
August 1, in accordance with the rules'
of the office, he had to deposit the receipts
for July in a local bank, subject to the
order of Collector David M. Dunne of
Portland, who has charge of the district'/
Ross appealed to friends for assistance.
On the strength of hiB, story that he had
lost at gambling, a strong effort, backed
by considerable political influence, . was
made to have the principal . gambling
houses of the city make good the I short
age. It was pointed out that Ross' arrest
and the publication of his story would
probably result in closing the gambling
houses. • . . , •
' The gamblers protested that while Ross
had played he always quit a winner, but
for -a time it was thought ¦'¦'- they * would
yield to the demand; in. fact, at one time
$3000 of the necessary amount .was as
sured. Then the gamblers changed their
minds, and decided 'to leave Ross to his
fate and trust to their luck against closed
houses. ¦ '¦:.-.>¦: . ' - . : . • .
Ross* father, a respected pioneer,' but a
man of small means, has been endeavor
ing to' raise the amount.' but it said to
night " that he has v failed, and Ross will
probably be arrested to-morrow. .
Holders Reject Overtures.
CHICAGO. Aug., 3.^-The striking ;mold
ers of Chicago" to-night rejected all'over
tures President VMartin Fox and' the
national executive committee for an ami
cable adjustment of the trouble - on the
basis of the scale. of $2 65 a day for bench
molders and $2 85 a day for floor molders
They .voted to hold out for $3. a' day flat
and: continue the strike, which had ! been
called ; independent lot their- national* or
ganization, -v , • . -.
New Ambassador From Italy.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— In response to
an inquiry from the Italian Government
the State Department has announced tnat
it will receive with pleasure as Embas
sador. from Italy to the United "States
Emayor r Desplantes, : : at ¦ . present ¦¦ I taHan
Minister to Servia and a diplomat- of long
experience. Senor Malaspini, Mhe Italian
Minister to Buenos Ayres, who was.orig
inally selected to : succeed Baron Fava at
Washington, will, go elsewhere. .¦ ..
Editor Spect Is Acquitted.
,: WILLOWS,' Aug. 3.— The preliminary
examination of. N. ¦ K." Spect, ; editor^of | the
Willows Promoter and: a, prominent real
estate man arid grain buyer, ,who?was ar
rested about a month ago for felony em
bezzlement • at the " instigation • of i the
United States Fidelity and > Guarantee
Company' of Baltimore,* began yesterday
and was concluded this morning, with the
result .that Spect. was acquitted.
Jury, Says .They. Must Hang.
'•( HOLLISTER,- Aug. 3.— This evening at 8
O'clock; the' jury returned r. a ; verdict of
murder in. the first degrree,: with i the death
penalty, -against: Juan Gonzales and Jose
Cota, charged with the murder of Antonio
Ruiz April 24.:, The case lasted 'two .weeks
and- was bitterly , contested. < This ¦ is ¦ the
first death sentence since ' the county was
formed- o-:. - .-.,-.- ¦?.¦..-,¦-.:
In the redwood forest, on' the banks of
the Russian River, near Guemeviile, the
Bohemian Club last night held annual
midsummer high! jinks. 'The pilgrimage to
the grove began two weeks ago.'' The ex
ercises culminating in . the cremation of
care and the new birth of joy took place
last evening. Dr. Arnold was sire of the
high jinks and Pete Sloan director of the
gladness later on.
Midsummer High Jinks.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July 3.—
Vice . President Roosevelt has been the
central figure in the quarto-centennial
celebration- of the admission of .Colorado'
to statehood, which was concluded to-day
with many interesting -jvents.- 'Whenever
he appeared in public he was greeted with
the utmost enthusiasm. Rough Riders,
Indians and the Foil and Saber (Club, en
tertained a large crowd this, morning with
broadsword and other contests and feats
of. -horsemanship. At 10:30 Vice President
Roosevelt . received - the members of his
regiment a.t the Antlers Hotel, and be
twfeen 11 and 12 o'clock he held a general
reception in the North Side Park, shak
ing theTiands of many people. . , .
Roosevelt the Central Figure.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 3.— The State con
vention of the Baptist . Young People's
Union at Twin Lakes elected the follow
ing officers to-day: President, E. J. New
ell-of San Jose; corresponding secretary,
Estelle Read of.Alameda: recording secre
tary, Clara .Hayden of. Santa Cruz; vice
presidents. Central ¦ Association, G. • C.
Ly'ori of Oakland; South" Central Asoscia
tlon/J. F. Wright of Oakland; Clear Lake
Association/ Q. W. •Finley of Uklali: San
Joaquin .Association/': J. \H. 'Smith ;.of
Stockten; American* River" Association,: T.
B. Rutherford of Sacramento;' Sacra
mento River Association, S. H. Frisbee of
Anderson; "Pacific Association, A. Owen of
Santa Rosa. . ' ¦.
Elect Officers at Twin Lakes.
Internal Revenue Clerk
in Seattle ;Is in V
, ¦ .. Trouble.'
FARO CAUSES
HIS DOWNFALL
In an instant Kiku's friends interfered
and the -fighting became general. Cobble
stones were carried from the street and
used as weapons. When the police ar
rived' most of the participants had either
-escaped. or been carried away to-neigh
boring houses. •; • ;
A bloody row which occurred shortly
after 11 o'clock last night in a Japanese
clubroom at 15 Quincy place resulted .in
the injury of Kiku Suga, who will proba
bly die from the, effects of his wounds.
About twenty Japanese hada handin the
affair and beat the injured man over the
head with an iron bar five. feet long, cut
ting ugly gashes in his scalp and fractur
ing his skull. Cobblestones and clubs
were used in the melee and the room re
sembled a shamble when a crowd of boys
from North Beach appeared on the scene
and stopped the brutaLwork. M. Kozima,
a candy maker, was arrested by Detec
tives ¦ Reynolds and - Whittaker • and
charged with having injured Suga.
started over, a game, of bil
liards.Suga w"on and.it was. claimed, byi
.unfair tricks. He attacked,* 1 Kozima and;
.the latter /ran across Duppnt: street, pro- 1
cured ' the irori;bar,Sgathered up a mob of
Jus 1 friends and : returned. • "While* strong
arms- held Suga with his head downward
Kogima : is said to have wielded the bar
with terrible .viclousness.':;. .;• ... .: '.
With a Five-Foot Iron
Bar.
Kiku Suga Is Pounced on the Head
JAPANESE INDULGE
.; HT BLOODY.. FIGHT
•IRON' MOUNTAIN, Mich.? Aug." 3.-
Poundmaster Joe Lennon of Crystal Falls
placed a cow belonging to Captain Ben
nett, superintendent of the Oliver -Mining
Company, in the pound. Bennett became
very angry and on meeting Lennon this
evening hot words, followed, and the re
sult was that the captain drew his' re
volver and shot Lennon through the
heart. Bennett is one of the best known
mining. men in the upper peninsula and
is said to be worth $300,000. He was ar
rested. . ¦ -r :--/ ...
WEALTHY TJCTNTNa I1A.N
KILLS A .POTJNDMASTEK
Killed by air Insane. Man. «
GRAHAM; Tex.. Aug. 3.— Orland W.
King and Roger Davenport, -well-known
younP men. were shot and killed to-night
hy William Rothwell. who had been suf
fering: from mental derangement for sev
eral weeks.
Davitt- Arrives in-New. York.
.,? IE 22 YORK. Aug. 3.— Michael Davitt.
tne Irish >.atloriaJist,: .who resigned his
seat in tbe British Parliament some time
ago as a protest against, the Boer war
arrived here to-day on the St. Paul from
Southampton.
.'->re Queen Victoria, going to Osborne
and playing for her alone. The company
will open in Boston, November 15.
Adelina Patti has arrived at Stockholm.
She has rented a summer palace at
Salts jo Baden. ' .-
LEAVENWORTH, Kans.. Aug. 3.— John
Kelsey, one of the men implicated in the
murder of Mrs. Rose Hudson during the
raid on Lockner's saloon at Millwood last
February, was arrested by the Sheriff
here this morning. In the City Court to
day he pleaded not guilty and was ad
mitted to bail in the sum of $1500.
Kelsey Pleads Not Guilty.
At Cowes in addition to King Edward
and Queen Alexandra are the Vanderbilt
party and other wealthy Americans. Van
derbilt's yacht, the Valiant, and Colonel
O. P. Haynes' Aphrodite attract admira
tion even among the host of palatial
British and Continental pleasure craft
gathered in anticipation of regatta week.
Other American yachts 'at Cowes are the
Margarita, Calanthe and Margaret.
The houses in the neighborhood are all
let and what' society is left in England
flocked to the Isle of Wight immediately
after Goodwood, which wa3 as fashion
able as ever. To-day London poured hun
dreds of thousands of excursionists into
the country and to the sea, where they
will remain over the bank holiday.
The latest seaside fad is the wearing
of sandals by grown persons. Many girls
seem to be especially taken with the new
idea. The sandals are generally worn
without stockings. The craze has spread
even to London, where well-dressed
women can be seen sandaled in the park.
Mme. Nevada is going to America with
a concert company, including Pablo, the
young 'celloist, who was recently com
manded to appear : before King Edward
and who was the last artist to appear be-
LONDON, Aug. 3. — Among the numer
ous Americans now in London are Senator
Chauncey M. Depew, who expects to re
main for some time; Governor Grosvenor
and Ministers Snowden and Newell.
Later Shasta and Iron. Mountain were
called on to save the W. A. BosweSl
slaughter-house and cabins of several
miners. E. P. Conner, candidate of the
Populists for nomination as Assemblyman
at the last convention, had one side of his
whiskers burned off while back firing to
save the cabin of a miner named Roberts.
Vigorous fire fighting Is the only reason
for an absence of destruction to dwellings
and other property. The fire is one of the
fiercest known for several seasons.
REDDING, Aug. 3.— A forest fire that
started last Sunday In Salt Creek dis
trict, south of the town of Shasta, has
burned over territory five miles square.
It threatens the destruction, of much
property and Is still burning. The flames
are being fed principally from limbs and
brush of trees left by woodchoppers. Dry
as tinder the stuff makes a hot fire that
in some places roars like a cyclone. The
fire department of Keswick had to be
called out to save the historic old town
of Shasta. Its destruction for a while
seemed certain.
A telegram from Brainerd, Minn., to
night to the Pioneer Press states that
Mellen and Hughitt arrived there this
evening and left, at once' for Walker,
where it is said a conference is to be held
to-morrow morning.
ST. PAUL,- Aug. 3.— Much comment has
been caused in railroad Circles by the
movements of the presidents of the big
Western lines.- Yesterday President Burt
of the Union Pacific, accompanied by
General Solicitor Kelly 1 and a number of
others, who are said to be representatives
of Southern Pacific and Burlington inter
ests, arrived in this city and left later for
Walker, Minn., ostensibly for the purpose
of enjoying a few days' fishing. To-day
President Mellen of the Northern Pacific
together with President Hughitt of the
Northwestern, ¦ one or two -directors and
counsel for the road, left' on what was
announced to be an inspection trip of the
company's lines.
Flames Destroy Prop
erty in an Immense
Territory.
Comment Due to Move
ments of Presidents
of Western Lines.
Their Yachts at Cowes
Attracting Great
Attention.
i The Bessemer pigiron production In 1900
was 7,!)43,452 tons. The maximum produc
tion of Bessemer steel rails by the pro
ducers of Bessemer steel* ingots, was
reached in 1900, when the total was 2.361,
921 long tons. The total production of all
kindtj of rails -in this country probably
was nearly 2,400,000 tons. The production
in 1900 of open hearth steel was 3,402,552
long tons;. iron and steel wire rods, 846,291
long tons;" steel wire nails, 7,233,979 kegs
of 100 pounds. The year 1900, says the re
port, taken as a whole, was one of marKed
prosperity for our iron and steel manu
facturers.
i WASHINGTON.. Aug, -3.— The" geological
survey"' has-- issued a report "on iron and
steel at the" close of .'the /nineteenth' cent
ury, prepared by: Janies * M. Swank, . gen
eraTrnartager of fthe American- Iron~-avd
Steel Association. jr. i. Jt shows, that.- this
country to-day, leacte' all others in the pro
duction of these articles. It puts the total
world's production of pigiron in 1900 at
about 30,000,000 long" tons, of which the
United States made 13,739,242 tons, or fully
34 per cent. The total world production
of steel for 1900 was about "26,875,000 tons,
of which the United States made 10.1S7.322
tons, or nearly 3S per cent.
tJNITED STATES LEADS . .
IN IRON PRODUCTION
M. 'Barbier. it is stated, is in the United
States for the purpose of obtaining in
formation as to the probable attitude of
the Government toward the proposed
line. • -l .
The length of the proposed railroad from
Circle City to Bering Sea will be about
2000 miles, and from the' coast of Siberia
to Vladivostok 1S00 miles. It the con
cessions are secured from the United
States and the protection afforded the
property is adequate, the primary survey
will commence shortly. .
The enterprise, it is stated, has the
backing of the Bank of France and pow
erful money * interests- in the United
States. . It is to be essentially a French-
American undertaking, for which capital
is already in 'sight should it prove feas
ible, and in which, it was talked in rail
way circles to-ds^y, James J. Hill is to
become interested.
. ST. PAUL, Aug. 3.— The Pioneer Press
to-morrow will say: Robert Barbier,
manager of the Russo-China Bank - of
Peking, representative of , the ; Russian
Government and manager of the man
churian Railway, who is at present in
St. Paul, is said to be connected with a
tremendous scheme of railway construc
tion designed to unite Alaska and Siberia
and furnish rail and water connection
between Circle City and Vladivostok, the
eastern terminus of the Trans-Siberian
Railway,, at a cost of $200,000,000.
TBEMEBTDOTJS SCHEME OF
RAILWAY ¦ CONSTRUCTION
chitecture. «f . ~
Several months ago the Improved Order
of Red Men sold its wigwam at 320 Post
street to the Union Trust Company for the
Scottish Rite Masons, ¦"- who propose to
erect a magnificent temple on the site.
Now the Red Men will have to secure new
quarters and the first meeting £o that end
was held last night. There were present
representatives from every tribe in the
city, who organized a hall association by
the election of the following named as
temporary officers: < ¦ ¦• . •
F. D Brandon, chairman: Charles Fow
ler, vice chairman, and J. H. Hutaff, sec
retary. In addition there were present:
W. P. Read, Henry A. Chase. J. B. Grif
fith. A., Jackson. William Rotrosky. M.
Leisen, M. L. Wheeler, J. L. Bowen, T. A.
Brown, T. W. Butcher, Kdward Connolly,
J. Flynn. S H. Wilcox. G. von Glahn, P.
Maunders. M. Burns. S. H. McNally, E.
A- Lemoine, C. -H. Til ton, A. C- Dewar,
T. Roche. M. J. Maguire. W. J. Warren,
J. Pierson, J. Fowzer, J. Kelly. W. R.
Bell, M. Snyder. W. H. Eastman, S. Berel,
M. Bloom, G. A. Trautner. J. Hanson, J.
S. Patterson, E. Lastreto, J. J.- Weeks,
Charles Gay, Dr. E. Cray, T. J. Breit
wisch. W. J. McNamara and L. C. Miller.
Various .plans aod suggestions . were o'f
fered, but no action was taken. It is pro
posed to secure a suitable site and build a
wigwam that will be an-'architeeturalor
bament to^the city.
NEW WIGWAM TO BE
BUILTFOE THE BED MEN
Formation of a New Hall Association
Means Addition to City Ar-
RUINOUS FIRE
ROARS IN SHASTA
AMERICANS ARE
IN BRITISH SWIM
The company will at once authorize a
$600,000 bond issue to cover the cost of the
factory. The issue will be taken In en
tirety by an English syndicate.
i The- officers of the Los Angeles Sugar
Company are: President, William Eliot
Smith of Alton, 111., president of the Illi
nois Glass Works; vice president, C. B.
Cole of Chester, 111., vice president and
general manager of the Wabash Chester
Western ¦- Railway; secretary, E. C.
Bates of Chicago; treasurer, Z. T.
Cole of Los Angeles. These, with T. G.
Palmer, L.. G. Parker and Nathan Cole
Jr., all of Los Angeles, constitute the
board <of directors. ; ' '
I The company owns 6000 acres of land in
the vicinity of Palmdajp, the northern
part of this county, and that place may
be selected for the site of the factory.
In addition to the land, the company
owns the right to the water of Little
Rock Creek, acquired, from the South An
telope Valley Irrigation Company. The
waters of this system are . distributed
from the Alpine storage reservoir, lo r
cated near Harold station, on the South
ern Pacific.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3.— Negotiations
were concluded in this city to-day where
by the Los Angeles Sugar Company, in
corporated with $3,000,000 paid up: capital,
will within ninety days begin the erection
of a $600,000 beet-sugar" factory, at a point
in the' south end of the Antelope "Valley,
yet te be chosen.- . -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAILROAD MEN
COME TOGETHER
commander in Cape Colony, to
shoot all Kaffirs found serving in the
British army, whether armed or un
armed. / They v say at the beginning of
the war a party of Basutos and Swazis
offered to help the Boers, but Kruger and
Steyn refused their assistance on»the sole
ground that In the interests of the whites
it was necessary to keep blacks outside
the struggle, although the British had
already, accepted black help. The British
policy of enlisting Kaffirs, Kruger's coun
cilors say, is teaching the natives to
know their power and is endangering
every lonely farm. It may ultimately re
sult in a general rising of .the' blacks
against the whites. The blacks under
stand nothing of the usages of civilized
warfare arid are • used chiefly as spies.
The Boer councilors say, therefore, that
PARIS, Aug. 3.-A dispatch from
Amsterdam says Kruger'c coun
cilors fully approve of the deter
mination of Kritzinger, the Boer
HAMILTON". Bermuda, Aug. 3.— Tha
British hired transport Manila, from Port
Natal and Table Bay, which arrived here
Thursday with Boer prisoners of war, to
day landed 600 of the prisoners on Tuckers
Island. Two deaths from- pneumonia oc
curred on the voyage. Six officers ami
forty men of the Royal Warwickshire
Regiment came on the Manila to act us
guards in the guardship Hotspur, sta
tioned here. The United States cruiser
Montgomery called for orders to-day and
sailed again.
The Turf Club bored a hole and strucJc
the main gold. reef at a depth of 4800 feet.
This is the most important mining event
in years and goes far to prove the re
liability of the new South African esti
mates "as to the value of the Rand reefs.
It establishes the permanent gold industry
for seventy years and practically proves
there are additional deep levels equiva
lent to the whole line of the outcrop
mines.
Gold on the Band Beefs.
stroyed. Heretofore the latter has been
supplied to the Boers.
The latest development in regard to the
concentration camps is that natives are
now brought in with cattle and that
mealies and other foodstuffs are de-
BliOEMFONTEIN, Aug. 3.—Command
ant Haermanus Steyn, a cousin of Presi
dent Steyn. was killed August 1 while
fighting at Ficksburg. Boers and rebels
are re-entering the Barkley-West district
of Cape Colony.
JOHANNESBURG. Aug. 3.— It is est«
mated that 1100 Boers are operating in
the western part of the Transvaal, prin
cipally in Magaliesberg. A number of
British columns are working against them
day by day and are allowed comparatively
free action. They have no fixed route,
but make night marches, and surprise at
tacks in the morning, during which they
capture a number. of burghers.
Commandant Steyn Is Killed.
the only way to stop what they call the
unfair and iniquitlous British practice is
to shoot the blacks. If the British retali
ate by sho"oting Boer prisoners then the
burghers will treat English prisoners in
the same way.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eastern Capitalists at the
' / ' Head of a New Cor
poration.
Beet - Sugar Men Organ-
l ize in^ Southern
California. V -
Boer leaders Always Of>po§ecJ the Policy of Enlisting Kaf
firs in the War, and if Kitchener Should Retaliate by
Shooting Prisoners, the Republicans Will Follow Suit
COMPANY STARTS
WITH MILLIONS
KRUGER'S COUNCILORS APPROVE
PLAN TO SHOOT BLACKS AND BRITISH
THE SAN IKAJS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4,: 1901.
16
FROM THE CITY.
WRITE IF YOU LIVE AWAY
No one need b« deprived of this ' irRFTC
EXPERT E-tAMIXATIOX because^* »4-
ing away from the city. If you are a suf-
ferer from CATARRH OR AVY DPFP
SEATED CHRONIC SERVOUS OR
PRIVATE UlSA.su and Want to know
EXACTLY what it Is that iSs von ITS
CAUSE and WHETHER OR xSt' YOU
CAJT BE CURED, wklTE, If yon cannot
call, for Drs. Shores' new question list and
symptom blanks. When you have answered
these questions and returned them to T)V«
Shores for the FREE EXA.MINATIO\ by
return mall you will receive a complete "d'las-
nosis of your ailment Drs. Shores will tell
ALL WHO APPLY THIS MfiVTH
S T SSW TAK ™ mSSft
WRITE TO-DAY, If you c*n't catt
CATARRH-Deafness, Nose - and Throat
Troubles. Eye and Ear Diseases. Bronchial
a £?? B r ™*™ ea ' Asthma. Stomach? Liver
y Bladder Troubles. Female
hJSS rai." 18^ 868 o£ Wom en and Children.
S. e art Disease. . Nervous Diseases, Chorea (or
St. VitusV Dance).- Rickets, Spinal Trouble
Diseases. of. the Bowels, Piles. Fistula and
? a e . C i al J I ?i ubIe / 9 - '^ st Manhood. Private Dis-
eases.,. Goiter (or Big. Neck). Blood Diseases
uisbAM^S. If you apply any day this week
> ou can consult Drs. Shores free.
DR. A, J. SHORES.
SPECIALTIES.
Read the Testimony of J. E. Wells,
the W6ll-Known Restaurant Man.
• ' Mr. Wells says: "I am an old reat<Jent of
San Francisco, - having lived here since 1883.
I have several restaurants in this ¦ city and a
great many people know me. I have been a
great sufferer from chronic asthma, ca-
tarrh and bronchial trouble for the past four-
teen .yearn. My asthma bothered me so
much It Interfered with my < sleep. I would
have to get up half a dozen times in' a night.
I would cough and raise a great deal. Some
nights I would coagh up n half a
pint of niuciiH. At times my asthma would
get so, bad I feared I wonld choke to
death. My asthma, bronchial and catarrhal
trouble so reduced me that when I came to
Drs. Shores three months ago I only
welKhed . 117 .; pounds. '¦ I . felt weak and
run down In every, way. I have doctored
with fourteen .different, doctors for
my trouble, but none of. them did me any per-
manent good. .This was my condition- when I
came to Drs.. Shores only three : months
ntno. 1 can say I feel like a- new
man. I .nave < Rained twenty-two
pounds in weight. I sleep line now,
all night, and my cousrh is much
better. ; I feel strong The hawking
and spitting at nlftht has ceased. I
can »ny 1 ¦ feel natural no«- and
better than ; I have been - in tit teen
years. I take pleasure In recommending Drs.
Shores to all i sufferers, tor they have done
wonders ' for ' me. : ¦ , > . . ,
• "Any, one- doubting this statement is. at lib-
erty to call on me and I. .will gladly verify the
truthfulness of, this testimonial. / .
"(Signed) , '¦ J.E. WELLS,
• ;^ . : "3942 20th St/, San Francisco, , Cal " \
J. E. WELLS,' 3942 20th St., San Francisco, Cal.
ASTHMA 14 YEARS.
?h« S ee i e^ 1 ?^i t rn£* min . atl ? n * l9 ,. glven by Drs - Snores for the special benefit of
those who are in "DOUBT" as to what their ailment really is. It will also allow the
public to test free Drs. Shores' skill as expert physicians and specialists at Drs Shores-
expense.,, Drs. Shores court the fullest investigation. This expert examination hahsa-
lutely free to all who apply before August ll ? h. YOU AVII.l!, TOT BE REftlimrn
TO TAKE TREATMENT OR PAY DRS. SHORES O>E 1 CENT "^^V 111 * 2 "
Drs. Shores know there are thousands of sick people with catarrh or* some ob«cure
nervons or complicated chronic disease, who blindly doctor year a'tervpar
with this doctor and that, and spend hundreds of 'dollars ol T "fake patent m/,||I-
cine»," who have no correct or definite idea of what their aliment %<.«IIt I. «^thZ
"oaane" of their sickness. It is to this class of sufferers that l£* r«I t
examination -will prove of IncKtimablp benefit " bhores free expert
If you are a "Donbtins; Thomas'' as to Drs. Shores* nkilli If you are deafs ff
you have catarrh: if you suffer from any chronic disease and are In doubt aa to
the "cause" of your ailment. Drs. Shores especially invite vnn tnnn «,»?»?.- ? .-
expert examination is made to demonstrate^»£7v t/ th- '.«, m . * 7^'? U'*
Shore* are "In fact" what they are in nams-S«n irU2X.J?i . afflicted that Drs.
rlalistn in the treatment of deafness, catar^h^^fi? fn^f " lMO " »e»rtJnjr »pe-
chronic diseases. • Drs. Shores' voinntarr testlmonTnlS ' tlT£ U %J2 d v Ompn< i atfd
people each week: point the way. II yo"a?i5v thl« ~»t Ti« B ?i. ci " co
will tell you free what your ailment is- and if yo " can bj^cujli ' Shore "
diseases, medicines free. or a11 " *» a month for all catarrhal chronic
TEST DRS. SHORES' SKILL AT DRS, SHORES' EXPENSE.
In order to demonstrate to the sick and afflicled the value of correct diagnosis in the
cure of Deafness, Catarrh, and all forms of Nervous and complicated Chronic Diseases,
Drs. Shores have arranged, to examine absolutely free of charge all who apply before
August nth. Drs. Shores will, tell you FREE what the disease is from which you suffer,
the cause of your ailment, and whether or not you can be cured.
This grand special offer goes into effect at once, and holds good every day this week
up to Saturday night at 8 o'clock, August ioth, to all who apply.
Difficult and obscure cases especially invited. Apply any day this week.
Give Their Services Free This Week.
Drs. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts,
I A Colossal Purchase of White Blankets. H |
E • ; T 5000 Pairs of California Blankets at Almost JL 13
' t To-morrow will witness the beglnnlne of the' GREATEST BLANKET SALE ever hetd'in San Francisco. It In- ' r ""-¦*"¦"¦". -^—i
fc^ volves a eathering of BO(M) PAIRS OF HIGH-GRADE ALL-WOOL WHITE BLANKETS that were turned over to rSS". ~-m \
g— mm last week by the largest California 'Woolen Mills at. a tremendous sacrifice.* .Because it jfound itself greatly .' over- £ 4» . Jfc. "^ |
stocked, an extraordinary cash rropoEition was made to us that we accepted, and which enables us now to offer' you m ¦
*— the most phenomenal Blanket Bargains In our history. "Every pair is absolutely without a flaw and of the highest fc^^J| — <•
*"* order and that you will fully appreciate when you »ee them. It is the greatest opportunity ever presented. Hotels, i^^^iMi -~m
tl ' Boardingr Houses and every grood housekeeper will profit greatly by taking advantage of this tremendous sale because we 2^
, guarantee, a. saving of almost :" one-half. . . ¦ .'¦-•: *- : • • PRICE, Z~*\
C ft A t>n F ° r * 4 5° Blanketa, extra ff% A ft m For *6 White Blankets for fill f ft For $12 50 White Blankets, a
IZ V# UX heavy White Wool Blankets V< Uh<J°« ble beds » n " 4 Blze > the X f hi I 13-4 high-grade fine- Blanket;
— ti5/,| Oil with pretty borders, 10-4 size; (JJiJiJ greatest of all bargains; ac- UJIlUU good value $12 50. ' •'— • '
v»*.iww good V8 j ue at j 4 go. w " w -, tual value $6 pair, ,j ¦ . , w " ¦ w T • ,» - .
. -«-_*» ~i ''- ¦ '•¦ • .. Cift Aft For"?13B0 White -Blankets? an :^J
*- f\ M ftf.For $8 50 , Blankets, full 11-4 Art "fp For $10 White Blankets of a \ U 1 1 1 1 exceptionally large Blanket — «
\/| UK-Fize, with handsome borders; V.K I h beautiful soft and fleecy wool, IJiJlUU for double l>eds and o£ the -^»
?Z y'Ti Jj worth JS 50 a pair. * Owl I V 12-4 size; worth^llO. . . w *¦ finest wool;, worth no less than
I SHEETING, TOWELS, QUILTS AND COMFORTERS AT A BIG REDUCTION FOR THIS WEEK =i
S— Cifl ftP Eech for J5 60 Eiderdown Com- g\ J rti" Each for $2 50 . Marseilles IftO- '¦'• -3
•»- \ J Un fcrters, -extraordinarily great \| UK Spreads, extra large size, |D%nP Each for 22c White Turkish Tow- .'—*•
•C- uji JJ value, covered with the best dl 1 1 U U with handsome Batln finish lU.-tlj els, good size, double threaded; "*j?
i' »»_ " ~ ¦ French eateen. choice designs; ¦¦¦—¦¦—• jegigog. rea dy for use; easily -¦—«"» worth . 22c each. ¦ ¦ ¦ 'rr
*v g»— worth $5 50. worth $2 50 each. ' « . . — g
•fc- i f\ Each for 15c Pillow Cases; 200 ft ft ¦ Each' for %1 25 Honeycomb Spreads, ft fl^ Each. for 35c Turkish Towels, heavy. -«»
t^Z I {in dozen will be o!tered. size 45x36, xUp a great bargain, extra heavy and l/lpand absorbent, extra large size; :^
»^_ lUlf with a 3-inch hem; made of a high- U J M already hemmed, choice patterns; £.*T{l sell regularly at 35c each. m -
g- BWW grade eheeUng. . w regular value U 25. .. • " , * .
J^ PL SALE OF SHEETS.; 3
' 1500 Sheets, 54x90. at ., QQ/»| These Sheets are made of a high grade I 2000. Sheets, 72x90, at A f\r* **^
- m~~ ; Each Ovv I sheeting, ready . for use, , at prices barely I ' Each HUv ~*g
1500 Sheets, 63x90, at AO*r» I covering the cost of sheeting by the yard. I 2500 "Sheets, 81x90, at CtTl/-* —*
k %ZZ ' Each I On sale for this week only. ;. I .;..,.... ;....Each O * 2*^
| £ THE BJGGEST BLACK GOODS OFFERING. SAfTRIFIf F SA1 R OF
E?= MOBDAY AND TUESDAY. O/\V.I\I T I V,t_ *3/\LC/ Uf --
; JZZ You are used to important Black Goods offerings from this fir % k IV I A MTC d\JC \\t i C RJ / > f\4\F\C? ~^m
g- ftore. but to-morruw we will present the best and most Intrinsic M\r^Sl\^AWI^ *#l WA^fl l"BOlSld«^ — ¦
ZZ2 values of the entire year. If you have Black Goods to buy and .: ¦»¦-•'¦ l^rtll ¦ \f \J* TTrttJli UWl/U* --•
you want to save, you must come here to-morrow; there ¦ »v«— «. ig. on- «--. - r-» km j — «•
will be no disappcintmeuts we promise you. ¦ . :.. Were ODC, Z3C t £\JC, I3C. rOr Monaay : — •
£ s ,'-I 2 , Y " /fll , rJI ; 50 «" al1 * KeS%fsr t t m s,w^S'Sr 1 1 .".-p r fe < ', wft-vs J*&y 2
£ Fjute^&s&tt&r$s!g?%f3i-- *yfftffaiff2ff&airJSf5tK.Ow 2
•5= morrow at Yard tJJl^-- , n i engthB suitable for dresses, . waists or skirts, • Z£,
ST* rm-INf!rl Rl Ifllf fiMFVIflT ' An unequaled offering— 20 pieces and gathered them together , on special bargain "~2
r*J% vj t &i nr n is*. all - W001 ' extra heavy quality tables. :25
ET OOC YOi lOr cliZi) DlJSlltVi En^ IlEh , Cheviot, already Includfd in the lot are Mercerized Swisses, Cotton Foulards ~2
»S fjlst wo^v «i»-». .», T. * i BponBed and shrunk, of a pure Zephyr Ginghams, Dimities, Batistes, Lawns, Grass Linens, etc.,'
£ 88C 8 fe 8C 3
fcS4.50 WHITE CAMBRIC PETTICOATS S2.90 IMMENSE SALE AMOTHFR 3
<. fc- Our Petticoat announcements always assure a tremendous g\ r ¦ • * * ' "-¦»- — •
~Z response and we have taken good care that there will be * Ul" O B I ¦/ «« / 1 ' nr>-r *-> a ¦ a-
no excepUon _ to-morrow. , Those we place on sale are the V. SIB K WAIST SAI F -*•
g~ most exquisitely and elaborately trimmed and In every way ' HAMnUFI? OIL.1% TT A%BO I *_lrlL.L« z2±
high class. Made of a fine quality white cambric, trimmed ¦ ¦¦1I1UI%1_|%" ~m
m-^ with beautiful Point de Paris Edging and Insertion.' Van Dyke ru , rrc J^^5jBk S6.50 Waists for r^
An —^ \ with 1 Ixtra i>rlltro S4.25 Each. 3
¦ v *• 1 0 U II M \ fc " ' full length ' •»¦ 1/ C» • i. [*•'. have • prepared _^*
- » . // / \\ \ ¦ ¦ * and width"; wt 'l *?%r~ j J for another great day -^^
¦fc— , 'EACH. ¦*¦¦'//' u 1 • \ good value at Worth 33c aflCl * n our Waist ¦ -^»
".'.•' // fu \\ -^- \ morrow at 25c Each. '. /4m : -MffWlftt?** buyer closed out 200 .-»-
gT~ ; . • <*/%& ' --••••./ \ AA ftA We closed out every W$i P mlMl '/Jr^S which we will offer to- "2
•— '¦¦' s(£t!#rA. ' J -A. \/ Mil dozen -from one of • the fM: : WtuiM\W\ morrow much below — a
¦T" ' •¦• -jf%0fyW&. - f^g- - - -^^ J^^^. VtluU big wholesale houses— \(K<U]JIn^^{ regular prices. 23 !
' a^SS^^/MilMM^tm^t^S^^^^^^ " ' own price, of course, WniliillfWWii fet'a and Peau°de Sole; -^
W^SWWmmiWm^^^^\ otherwise we would not V ,} I WJ*M all this season's styles! rS
% MORE BLACK SILKS ALL-WOOL $95 OO '""SM U ~^
ON SPECIAL SALE MONDAY. TRICOT FLANNELS. JtVU 1 -^
big saving. 50c Quality Monday 29c Yard.: .; DRESS SKIRTS
*-~ -. T , h i re ", le BOod "a 8011 f °r °«r enormous a great leader for to-morrow's ecohoml- -*>
~- f . € JS:. Eellin^ onl y dependable qual- C al shoppers— 1200 yards All-wool Tricot rnn r2
. »- »«es that will give good wear is the cause Flannel, a good wearing quality; In colors I UK -— *
"J tl l e growth of cur SUk Department. For o f Nan*.' Hose. Cardinal. Garnet, Purple , .; .
»- Monday: • • and Green; sells regularly at 60c QQr fh|F /\/\ r 1 /">!¦ --¦
TAFFETA hcW^sXg a yari - MoDday - •••• M wc $15.00 EACH. =5
» »— qq_ W*J '• Black Taffeta; " '¦ •..;,.
fc--R. t d2%.,«1; 10 »r.raS-S 60c AND 75c FRENCH ,£WU"&£'^ <£¦£?&&&. ti 3
C Sir^'^fi 1 ":..!"'?'.^ 1^ CH4LLIES 39c YARD. fSrSJfS.HSS-J!SSrykSi"S
.' y~ nrill nc CniC »00 -.. yards. . Oil-boiled "We ottet: for to-morrow only a line of thentbn the same basis; made-of a fine ""•
rCAU UC OUlL. Black Peau de Sole of the* finest genuine French Challies quality Taffeta, tucked and plain top, ~^8
• r\f% \* -x * n exceptionally heavy & 3?c yard. ..You -have your pick-of hand-, with accordion plaited silk ruffles; the lat- — *»
S^: yitC YOi quality; warranted to come and very tasteful designs and color- est gi-aduated flounce: nhished in the best
' C- .. c. iois give excellent wear; reg- ings; also a line ot solid colors; goods that possible manner; you'll have to pay $25 for
- •£- ¦ worul - oi.^o. u i ar value « 25. lion; *old at 60c and 75c yard. Mon- QQ r them later, but Monday <lriCt.OO .-^
. 2^ oay I Yard OSc day Yard Owv' Each <j)*O ' ~^
fc: IMMENSE OFFERING .-is ,,- » y _ _" ; -^ ' :- " _ "-"• ¦-- ¦¦¦< ¦ . < : SATIN-BACK
Lavender, Purple. On — _-_ —^'— i m—^^—^^m*mmmmmm N^o. 4— lie J^i.ori "^ff
at le . M .?Yarf 39C COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Ka-'vi«c:::'.::tl.5O '3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists
Cc^S e^ Iy HISTORV BU.LD.NG, 723 MARKEFST. g«» ™<™> «-
Office Hours-TVeeK Days. 9 A. M.-to4 P. M: ' Evening. 6. to 8. Sunday,. !0 : aTTS^nSS'
DR. G. W. SHORES.
If yon haven't a recular, healthy morement of the
bowels evcrj day, you're 111 or will be. Keep vonr
bowclf open, end bo wclL Force, in the shape of vio-
lent physic or pill poison, is dangerous. The smooth-
est, cosiest, most perfect w&y of keeping the bowels
dear and clean Is to tike
/¥$&*% CATHARTIC
• EAT ; EM LIKEfCANDY
Pleasant, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good, Do Good,
Kevcr Sicken. Weaken, or. Grfpe. 10, 25, and CO cents
per box. Write for free sample, and booklet on
health. . Address ' ...-.- . 43S-
liTECLISa EEBEDT C03PA5T, CHICiCO «¦ KEW YOKE.-
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEANJudged now.. The closin* of the worSs
will, of course, take nearly all money
out of circulation here and means many
dull days in Jerome. Th© men were very
orderly and will undoubtedly continue so.
•You .can'. usually -tell ¦. what a man,- had
for breakfast ' by looking at the front • of
his negligee shirt. ; .-.
Pinioned in this manner just above the
hips, Beaulieu was carried along the track
for several yards. His brother tried : to
gave him, but his efforts were fruitless.
As the * cars rebounded from the shock
Beaulieu sank - to ? the track unconscious.
He was removed to a sanitarium and died
an hour later. - . ;
just where the blame of ~ the accident
rests witnesses differ. They: claim the
engineer should have sounded a warning
before pushing cars in on the siding, and
the engine crew claim the repairers should
have displayed a flag as . warning : that
The deceased, with his brother." Victor
Beaulieu,' and Joseph McElroy, were at
work on a line of, coal cars on the siding
when a switch engine in charge of En
gineer McGowan pushed, a string of
empty cars upon the track. These, run
ning under their own impetus,;, crashed
into the coal cars and Beaulieu, who was
putting in a new drawhead, was caught
between the draw bars, and crushed.'.* T ;
SAN 1 JOSE, Aug. 3.— While at work on
cars at the broad-gauge depot this morn
ing Louis Beaulieu, a car repairer, was
crushed fo death within reach -of his
brother's hand. - . .'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Aug. 3.-A serious
accident occurred^on the Los Osos • road
near this place at 10 o'clock this morning
and F. V. Nelson of 64 Davis street,. San
Francisco, narrowly escaped witn his life.
A runaway horse* is responsible for the
disaster and 'an automobile was responsi
ble for, the runaway. . , ¦ ¦-.! : ....
'Nelson hired a livery, rig and driver to
drive him; through the Los Osos; -When
they, were asshort' : distance from "town
they met. John Peterson,; who was com
ing, into : town in '¦¦• his r automobile. ;.The
horse became • frightened , - ran • into ia wire
fence, threw. the occupants from the bug
gy. and kicked - Nelson '>. on ¦ the head and
tore his scalp ; almost entirely, off. • He was
picked up -in a-, semi-conscious condition
and brought into town, where his wounds
were; dressed.' .The scalpifrom .the ! fore
head to the crown! was torn from the skull
and hung by.a small thread, but the skull
was not fractured. >.
Nelson is ;the manager of the Dairy
men's: Union of Sah/ Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The men built fires at night and thought
that- in that manner they could keep the
intruders : away. : This : proved"^ effective
only: so long- as the fires were kept^burn
ing. ; During, the day when the men were
at work the bears, would, come down
from - the ' hills • and break into ¦ the ; cache
of provisions- ' Carter and his companions
finally, vacated and ¦ started for Haines
to procure guns.
they were at work, r; . . ' .
Beaulieu waB 42 years of age and leaves
a wife and two children. " •
.TACOMA, Aug. 3.-Half a dozen mon
ster bears have, driven several miners off
their placer claims in the Porcupine min
ing, district and at last accounts still held
possession of the valuable property. ,
I Joseph Carter, who brought the news to
Haines Mission,' says that he and- two
friends'began operlLtions this spring with
out any guns, as game in that: vicinity
was scarce. - Several weeks ago they be
came awiire that" their camp was the ren
dezvous of what appeared to be an entfre
tribe of bears. - - • • ¦ , ,. ; .,-,.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
: : All of the injured men are badly bruised
and - burned : and . two of < them are fatally
injured.^ The' latter. are the 'smelter fore
man, ¦'¦ John Veltbnr* and ; Bernardo <; Rojo.-
When the shdck'came Rojo, was struck on
the . head j by : falling timbers and. fell un
conscious in boiling metal. and a mass of
debris. .Velton,\who ; had : escaped , unhurt,
ran • back to ; the rescue of • Rojo,' and was
frightfully.: burned : while 'extricating -the
latter. ' : Both : were pulled : from the wreck
by • their tomradea.v but ?'neither;: can live.
The damage; to the plant will approximate
$40,000. K ¦'•¦¦-..¦ .-, ..; -;;:.-», ¦ .>>.¦.'¦.:•*
r.r The ? explosion came [ at ; the -I time : of 1 a 1
change of the shift, and thereby the lives
of perhaps 2 a hundred 7 men were saved.
The concussion was a fearful one", shaking
several : buildings from* their
and scattering fragments of rock" and hot
metal over a radius of several " hundred
yards../'.':. \.. v ;'-; ¦',.-¦. ;''_'':¦
I '¦ PHOENIX, Ariz. , Aug. 3.— A dispatch
fronrMorencl, in the Metcalf; copper dis
trict,' states that ten men were seriously
injured in an explosion of "a. converter v at
the Morenci smelter yesterday -morning.;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Automobile Causes Dis
aster to a San Fran
ciscan.
Porcupine District Pros
pectors Forced to
Y ¦¦ Evacuate. v
Pathetic Disaster Under
Cars at San Jose
Depot.
Explosion of an Arizona
Smelter Injures Ten
:-Men. '
MOLTEN METAL
STRIKES MINERS
HORSE TEARS
A MAN'S SCALP
TRIES TO SAVE
BROTHER'S LIFE
BRUIN RULES
A GOLD MINE
SAN JOSE. Aug. 3.— A. M. Holliday,
who for the past six weeks has been em
ployed at the Vendome stables in this
city, was arrested to-day by a Deputy
SheriJT fcr alleged forgery committed in
Stockton a few months ago. For some
time the officers have been looking for
the man and to-day he was Identified
through a descriptive circular sent from
Stoc&ton. The prisoner refused to dis
cuss the matter, but stated the offense
was due to folly which he has since re
gretted. Holliday says the matter will
be "squared" as soon as -he reaches
Stockton. Some years ago Holliday was
an attorney in San Francisco.
San Jose.
Working in a Stable in
Police Officers Find A. HL Holliday
Xbrested on change
OF COMMITTIira FOBGEEY
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, 6eUlnc—
Himself won. Inshot second, Chatts third.
. lime, 1:56. __• ¦-
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Wax
Taper won, Alsike second, Gold Fox third.
Time. 1:47 3-5.
- ST. LOUIS. Aug. S.— Delmar results:
V'iret race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Lord Neville won, Charles D second. Fairy
Day third. Time, 1:4S>£.
Second race, eix furlongs, selling — tlterp won.
Grandma II second. Fur© third. Time, 1:16.
Third race, six furlongs— Runnels won, Gal
lagher second, Ethylene third. Time. 1:15.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Jim Clark won.
¦Wild Katie second. Vicie Vance third. Time.
1:15.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Ida Led
ford won. Lunar second, Peter Duryea third.
Time, 1:43.
Sixth race, mile and a half — Lee Bruno won,
Beana second. Rochester third. Time. 2:36>4.
Seventh race, six furlongs, selling— Ben Frost
won, Verify second, Randazzo third. Time,
l:15»i.
BTJTTE, Aug. 3.— Results:
First race, five furlongs — Monda won, TJn Ca
ceau second. Don H third. Time, •1:02^4.
Second race, one mile — Windward won, Mont
Eagle secend. Mr. Robinson third. Time,
l:44»j.
Third race, five furlongs — Innocencia won,
Yellowstone second, "Winnecook third. Time,
l:C2%.
Fourth race, six furlongs— High Hoe won,
Midlo\-e second. Pope Leo third. Time, 1:14%.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards — Spindle
won. Donator second, Domsie third. Time, I
2:45^.
Sixth race, three furlongs— Abba L won. Hon
est John second. Big Dutch third. Time, :43%. :
BUFFALO, Aug. 3.— Fort Erie summary:
First race, five furlongs. seUing — Silk Cord
•won. Lac second, Quixado third. Time, 1:01*4.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Inniscara
won, Maggie W second, Exit third. Time,
1:13%.
Third race, seven and a half furlongs, selling
— Chappaqua won. Surmise second. Blue Victor
third. Time. 1:S3^.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth, Niagara cell- ,
ing stakes, $1000, for three-year-olds and up
ward—Ala won. Alfred Vargrave second, Little
Tommy Tucker third. Time. 1:53.
Fifth race, five furlong's, selling — Paperznaker
won, Vivian second. Balm of Gilead third.
Time, lrCZy,.
f Sixth race, eteeplsehase handicap, mile and
three-quarters— Mrs. Bradshaw won, Flfleld
second. Berry Ranger third. Time, 3:30.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3. — Hawthorne summary: •
First race, seven furlongs — Max Bendlx won,
Sam Lazarus Esq. second, Monas third. Time.
1:27%. -
Second race, .five furlongs — Magi won. Jack
RatUin second. Sister Jeannie third. Time.
l:C2V*.
Third race, seven furlongs— The Pride won,
Henry of Franstamar second. Impromptu third.
Time. 1:28.
Fourth race, mile and a half — Hernando won.
Advance Guard second. Barrack third. Time.
2:23.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— George Ar
nold won. Hiss Bennett second, Burnie Bunton
third. Time. 103%.
Sixth race, mile and a* quarter — Hermanca
¦won. Alaska, second, Ben Chance third. Time,
2:06%.
Seventh race, mile, selling— O "W W won.
Brief second. Flying Torpedo third. Time. 1:42
DFTROIT. Aug. 3.— Windsor' summary:
First race, five furlonirs — Xewton won. All
Gray second, Lathrop third. Time, 1:03.
Second race, mile, selling— Red Apple won.
Dr. Fannie second. The Bronze Demon third.
Time. 1:42.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Bengal won
, Frelinghuysen second. Hunting third. Time,
1:15.
Fourth race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course— Coley won. Lord Farondale sscocd
Jim McGlbbon third. Time. 2:3*.
Fifth race, Russell House handicap, mile
Ethel Wheat won, Charley.O'Brlen second. Tea
Gown third. Time, 1:4L \
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs—Chan
ron won, Ber. Mllam second. Judge Durell
third- Time, :£C. V
Seventh race, mile and a quarter — Bohul ¦won,
ICngfcurst second, Madeline \G third. Time,
2:11.
Fourth race, the Keptune stake. $5000, Elx
furlongs— Otis. 107 (Cocbran), 11 to 5, won;
Hyphen, 107 (Burns), 7 to 5 and 1 to 2, second;
Saturday. 1C2 (Michaels), 6 to 1 and 2 to 1.
third. Time. 1:13 1-5. The Rival, Leonid.
Peninsular and Major Danger-field also ran.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
celling— Pleasant Sail won. Balloon second,
Anecdote third. Time, 1:45 1-5.
Third race, six furlongs— Ogden won. All
Gold second. May W third. Time, 1:13 2-5.
First race, five and a half furlongs— Lady
Radnor won. Lady Sterling second, Lombre
tfalrd. Time. 1:08 S-5.
JCEW YORK, Aug. 3.— The long summer
meeting of the Brighton Beach Racing
Association was concluded to-day, and a
15,000 crowd saw the sport- The Neptune
crake, of. 55000, was the feature. Cochran
took Otis out to make the running, he
ehowlng the way by a length up the
backstretch. with The Kival and Hyphen
his nearest attendants. Rounding the lar
turn The Rival gradually dropped back
and Hypnen followed Otis Into the stretch.
From there home It was a fierce drive.
Hyphen slowly crept up on Otis, on whom
Cochran was hard at work. The crowd
was on Its feet cheering and shouting as
the two horses struggled through the
last sixteenth. The decision went* to Otis
by a short head. Results:
Summaries of the Day's
Racing on the* Eastern
Courses.
End of the Long Meet
ing at Brighton Beach
Track.
OTIS WINS THE
NEPTUNE STAKE
The men took the announcement quiet
ly, and ' after., calling ; a" meeting for to
night,: dispersed. None of them returned
to work and the strike was on.' The men
claim that .they are organized : to ;• a " man
and .will' make; a strong and = determined
fight to gain. their point, and the company
ia just as determined in the 'Stand it has
taken in \ the : matter.- How. long . the fight
will' last and the result thereof cannot be
JEROME, Aug. 3.— In accordance with
a decision arrived at" last night in a mass
meeting of employes of the United Verde
Copper Company, when the whistle at the
works' sounded at 12 o'clock to-day/' the
men * from all departments above ground
congregated in- front of ¦ the ; general office
building, ' where ¦ by - previous arrangement
they- were to; meet Senator Clark.'
. .The/ Senator, invited ' a representative
from ~ each ; department into the • office,"
where a conference" 'lasting 'nearly --an
hour i was held. The , representative then
reported to the = men . that ¦ the Senator
would not now, concede to the demand for
an 1 eight-hour, day.', but .that later, when
the eight-hour; agitation adjusted Itself
elsewhere, he would confer, with the men
regarding the matter.. :,r'- '-^f- "'-'•¦¦¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Big Copper Mine in Je
0 rome, Ariz., Is Closed
Down.
CLARK'S MINERS
BEGIN STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL; SUJNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1901.
17
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 228 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous Of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the 1 proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes ,no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed, in a
plain package. 6O that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are beingr mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured- so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It Is a
hom,e treatment, and; all men -who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation 'of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
to All Who. Write.
A Free Trial Paekasr8 SeLt by Mail
A Host Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor *
to Men.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Jf By special request Jeaneite and her wonderful trained 'Australian. Cockatoos. have_been retained lor. another week. ..Attraction Hall, second ft: or— -free. §
| ijlll i>^ &na jl>i V4lJ_^ ~ \
i T^Ajr^Tou^\ Greatest of Cloak arid Suit Sales. I
I e#_»«Bi4-r Ue*1*\ We've bought the entire balance of Steinberg & tt nins*»* ,\ I
| %>&r*iw n«fcv garments at a sacrifice closing-out Price, and they go on sale this week at \ j
| Half Price* J 3 7c on the dollar or less. < JO for 15c. \ |
$ All the week—men y s\ Steinberg-'^ Co., ladies' tailors, is a large New York manufacturing firm whose work is above reproach^ In this This extraordinary offer V %
jf now 50c, 63c zoid 75c— \ great lot of their goods are many very Tine garments, especially fine Tailor Dresses i and Jackets, all in good is for the entire week — a \ \
f ) boys' 13c, 18c, 23c, 38c and \ condition. The prices quoted show how the entire stock has-been marked; emphatically good, regular made Cigarl |
g } 50c Wash Sailor Caps) . ' on 'Suits and Cloaks ever quoted here. ; v WMM — ten for' filtccn cents. A J
J { for 38c and 50c. } Steinberg's Jackets. Steinberg's Dresses.' Steinberg's Children's Steinberg's Skirts. Try them. \ %
»; : 1 : £O##-Urge assortment of sUk and doth ioil— A vMi:da^ £o# f— Assorted lot of iplendld cotton corert ~ "S
| . Ladiesr Scarfs 1^^ Rogers Spoons. , |
| Less Than Half. v p"-*5-^^ m^sM^M^k^ A Monday Special. : S
% ... ¦ For Monday t^l^" V" " ', 7 -I * ,f navy and colored, fancy trimmed; thW sea- • Children's AU-Wool a-p etc Tajlor Suits, ags. \ndmyy and black dp«a -and .aU-wool ; ¦¦ ;- : S
Z r^^\ onlywcoffer *O* «— An^wtortod lot of silk ctons light 8cn - s goods, Steinberg's rriccs were *2O.oo ,8 and io, Steinberg s prices $8.00 to fia.oo, ikirt8 Steinberg't price! #5.0° «° .- ' 1— ,. ¦ . Vi im «
J° y^^mC^>) our entire "J heavy-weight jackets, aU silk-lined, for tQ |27 _ SD) our sa - c prkc> $WmQQ our price for your choxc. ...... $3,50 Jg./o, our sae price..... ..'... .J-?.85 ' *
tf £C_SH^eZ^J\ stock of La- wmch , Steinberg asked $10.00 t0 . £ o f 3— Consists of the newest and most styl- Children's AU- Wool Serge Tailor Suits in blue, ' : >^_E7\ L_*-ni_^ S
* S^Sa^N^^=^/ dies' Neck our sa e price $4*85 is h o f this season's fancy and plain tailcr brown and gray, silk-lined jackets, perca'.ine- Lot 3 — Assorted lot of this season'* finest . jBgng^Uiiji P. —" -^f^- '^^^ ¦ <*
ft> n_rSv^_»T Scarft (only Lot 3 — Assorted lot of this season's finest dresses, many ti k-lined, Steinberg's prices ."."" lined skirts, ages 10 'and* 12,' Steinberg*, ' »kirt«, in trimmed cheviots, alpaca and plain ~*kg__5^ \>L'^*- j5
H W about 7.50. - «Mk etona and tilk-Hnsd jackets, all colon and ..' were 00 to $35.00, our tale pricc.^/5 price $ 15.00, our price $4*95 cloths, Steinberg's prices, were $7. 50 to «
* •^^rC^^^ lfft )' COn " 8;zss ', Stei ? bcr S' s P ricc fao.oo to $30^0, " , -. , r -115.00, our sale price...; $4-95 We wffl dc« ort on Monday «a saall lot «f £
I T^^L fc^V^ sistmgofSilk our sale price.....; $9.95 \b&^ ~ jfifa \ \ P^S. '' WDliam A. , Roger.* TewpooJ, Tablespoon. / S.
tf 5/p/nft W «'c Wf. ann -f.c r " " WW. ¦$& 5fc/lllreitr'S and Forks, guaranteed full standard weight of
*. tV^A^ ertyandSlk, aieUWStg S WrapBGrS. • SMegfl 'WT9 >W?V .... , r« . , v • , "Iver on 21 per cent nickd silTer base— "I
* V -^-^^^ in * 1 ! co:ore > £0f /-Asserted lot of this season's light and £&. ' W#' '" ¥*X " i^»V /" K " S k Si Teaspoons! $
* rXcS rI cred P e ; c.e wrappers /with Hned g| ' _^L " - ¦ T £££?**' $M5 * "* ' 83 ° 5
j: fon App^ed a nd White or Ecru Net A P - X^SS ' ' /V\ JR ¦ Vl pHccs were |, 75 to Is^ou'r sale P ri« |, S o, for $,.66 $
jf phqued. These Scarft are suitable for hat trim- _ * ¦ / , . . . 1 /^ d» i\ ¦ : /[/fBlIll- K\ *V"5 Jt ' - " ..93O Forks ' "* ¦ ¦ S
*? minrs sa well ac fnr n -r Ir uirar On Mnnriiv LOt _7 A grand assortment OI thlS SCaSOH S ' ' VJ 'K__ < -' / I TEJ I I ' /IB J /\ A EIRKV " " ¦ * - " - o » r'r • m . m r — - — — ' ' •
|. fcoion..tUr4tooi.e.k.-fofm»kolpHMi: . «»»»«¦!, n»n,, with emtioidny trimm:d /'W^Sjl V \$§!{\ \ ' \$F £ \\A /fCwE/SlV iied bick, foejr ind kW coloiol «J Hiek _ — — ~ Jt
S =i::f^NS;;:;::::::f^ wj-«w*.-__i. \]Up J m .h vti WNBBm ,-. 1*2— *m.»* p »-..*f*| st.3s, 92.27, $s.83 5-
_> $3.00 Neckwear .$ f 23 and vtry fin; lawn and fancy German flreced \ri J$*A J if k\V 'I J \\ HwL ....•••• A special purchase of 155 pain of good J
K 53-25' 13- SO Neckwear'"*.. $ 1.58 wrappers, Steinberg's prices' were £3.00 to — (fl M . | *\\»T* ' ' I \H\^/lf In* 3— Assorted lot of fine eoWed taffeta T*!* 3 *^ P « ti « sre «. " l » e « oU «« nsucb. less than J»
¦ ¦ : .^.h'-. ¦¦>: f , /'^^S' 1:1 ji l\\\ \^x 1 I \- vfeA In \ *o j # • ¦ ¦ t • • olTlaea them into three lots— • ¦ . •. «
S __ > m „ . .• Extra Bargains. M\ \\^/ / \ mL, '/ —»».j<> "**'«•«>. <»"*f«j.- ut 1-75 p>w $1.50 1^*1 *«*>*>. S
I Bedding^^i^^j-rtTi'ri' ffr\ \xy'M*=d? es &\l^ v '"""" ¦; t^t^t^u^&t |
J. mtll COSI. only, soUed and mussed, were |i.oo to .^ | " . and plain doth tapes, an^excepUonaly fine pfc-ia,,^ iach^ wide, * ymrifa long, 45
» l.nc or_CianKCt8 Ul all WCIgntS ana trimmed and duck and covert • skirts, waists— whites— solid 'colors and fancy per- silk, albattoss, velvet and vtry fine woolen lot _»— Assorted lot of «OM Ladies" long Monday t seUing, per pair..^ «
_f sizes. The order for these goods was Steinberg's prices J1.00 to |z.oo, our fete ca]f8 . Steinberg's pike was |i.oo, our salcT waists; in aU colors, s : zes; Steinberg's, pri e3 black capes,«and very fine golf and plain cloth Lot 3— 35 pairsof J 5^)o and $5.50 Tapettry /-,
ft placed several months prior to the ad- P" ce . '. .4£?O price ..;... ....'...... 37O ''.were $ 4.'oo to $6. 50; our, sale price $2.39 ' capes, Steinberg's prices were J20.00 to ¦*?*?* h , 7 frm 8 cd . to P- and wtto™, S
¦i' vance in the price of wool, therefore Lot 4— A great assortment of this season's Lot 2— A great assortment of same of the Lot 4— An assorted lot of the finest silk crepe ! $45.00, our sale price...... $9.95 5 |^«? me "J 1 * 3 ta 11 «» two-toned J
*f xtt- 3 r- y *.TiaKv5 fn n,,nw nri^c t^,t ,¦« btst styles of wash underskirts, Madras and finest shirt waists, and polka dotted . and de chine and taffeta waists; all this season's .. / color ettects;ars marJced tor -^^ J»O X
we are^enableci to quote prices that are du<;k and roffled mi flounced) S;c : n . braJdcd wo3len wai^ tS) mercerized black goodsj in bcauthul shades and all sizes; St:in- lot 3- Assorted.^ of Raglans and tight- Monday • selling, per pair... <3> «?.<*«? .. -
* Very ClOSC tO the present mill COSt. berg's prices were $i.oo to $2.50, our fae wa ; s's; Steinbrrg's prices were $1 .50 to berg's prices were J7.50 to $ 12.50; our fale fitt'ng : long coaf, Steinberg's prices were from .. ; ; jj
u * The-^Bankets were careiully made to our pr i ce 5 ~ic $3.50; our sale piics 98c F r ' ce :• $4.95 {18.00 to $35. 00, our sae price. .$9*95 BlCMClG SUF]tfl*lGSa Jt
_,•> ' order from the finest California wool by one of ' - - — : '¦ ' -^ - -. • *J*
I rti^^rr:^,,^: Crockery and Glassware Carpet antf Furniture Bargain w f 2££! iZJESSl*, I -
K . £lngk aw ln f em - ' \ ' Matchless Values for the August Sales— what has always- been -considered on most of your bicycle fittings-for example 1 £*]•
I 55 »S^rmS e r 1 Blankets 41b. . &fg&Ui«*S2» a the dul'est month in the year in the Furniture section, is to be transformed into War model.. ..^.QO j.,
fc » weight, 56x76 inches, paa- $3*75 A . - r '...,.,. . f , V -n-Wti-i Twtnt cth Century Gas Lamps— iqox model .J«
g 475 pairs California white wool Banket, 5 lb a month or continuous activity, if low prices for the best procurable quaities , ._ V .....$3.00 *
J. u eight, 64x78 inches $495 _cife> /J^F^N dv*i&*<&^r^\ _- 1 -.^-- ' >»v W »H do the business. Below, we describe some of the sample bargains: Twentieth Century Oil Lamp S2.25 ' je
*f =25 pairs Caifomia white wool Blankets, 6 ibs (i\% rt^lnv S J igg •" \ Jvn ~ Extension Table — Solid golden oak, highly polished, sir: 6 feet long when ex- a|A'A|> Light-weight Oil Lamp For bicycles Sft.OO %
*. we : ght, 70x80 inches, per pair.... $5*95 l( j \ HI r/jT^T^Jm// /f tended, heavy flute J legs, regular price $17.50, for thi3 week only .3>f«»»_6<_> P C mn— Th "Gt"/ifS M
X i; 5 pairs of California white wool Blankets, 7 \J \ » 9L^4#^SS^\^-=3t JM$$$^ If Dir.ing Chair-Soid oak, cane seat, brace arm, well finished, regular price f roCKiroorunip- m ...WO j
*: L weight, 72x84 inches, per pair.*©.©*? fV^\ &i0^^ V^S^^^PQ)^^, 'MB? !' J..50, special this week. ..........;¦...>.-. 3>lm*U Christy Sadd.et-Lad;es or Gents .. $UQO £ ,
i 75 pairs of California white wool Bankets, 8 /'/?/! I \\\\\ W^SmS^ v^^P^5_KJr SJSi WiWSflW 3 ° Ol r en °* ; S^eboard-With French plate mirror, swell front drawers, wxdth . « f 7 «« Toe Clips-Many rtylea, per pa^ . . . . . X
% lbs weicht 7-x8_ inches *7ftti \'\ V I )J' \ /*^X4m? W»W Oill W^'f cf top 44 mchts, super or make and fimsh, now &II.&U 10(3 to 5 9o "2
lbsweight, 72x84, nches, v $7.»O \^W^J^^^^^ rf^S®J_^IW N>^^^" ' Hal!stands-A variety of fix d ffer.nt patterns, solid oak with large French plate mirror, odd E , ectr ; c Stroke Bells /5 O , 75 O 5
y .5opa«ofCaUfor n -awhit ; .woolBIanVet S , 10 - . r %,_?-„ ? , shaped , fjrmer i y 8O i d at J 3S . OO , | 3O .oo and J* 7 .oo, sp^cW _tbii_week for, #o nf% m ' Re IU Z%Z *
X g ht, 7 8x88 mch^s........ , Every article pictured and described below is an uncomm 3 n value. youVchoice. .\ . ,...*.'.. .:.* ....;.,:...,................ ¦¦$*9'PO JuSSJlL^£h' i ito-'ii ; -,'h" fS 5
I $1 'A 5 S SS e w d i- 9 ? O ri 1 Ti 'T ™< ? <"y Set-Consist of I hr,e towl with six sauce or fruit dishes to match. It is an un- Bed Room Suites-Three fflffaent designs, to ;: c^ out, sohd golden oak, odd shapedjrench %%£^£*t^C^jff.
% $135 Gomfortera $1.18- d«o-ated in pink, blueor gVeen; the regular price $1.75, our special price "I -J. t *™ '?* "1 '£"* I' ' «»f r P r:c = oo r thBW « k onI r d 9 '* UU **''* X
I StDcoiine cover-'d, handtufted.fi lei with a Monday oVy, for the set complete. f ..; $1*98 M^ cc] ln S r3in Cferpet-The very b»t made of the finest quaLty of wool, art de- ,~ n ,J
a,' clean white cotton, faJ double-bed size, no The Oil or Vinegar Bottle— Is a thin-blown o F tic g!a:s and would be"^cons'idered' cheap _.,-_ signs and colorings, worth 8cc per yard, th:s week . .; ....... OVIr If YOU NeCU 3 DiC- . S -
A ony, on spcc-al sa- Monday, ff - ,- Q at a , c each ; our special price for Monday only . '.. " ' 12C Tape jtry Brusse's wrh borders to match, a brautiful bne of .floral and Persian effecti, «_^ 4St%WS»mi^r W**%2»*t 1~#tfc» ' X
\ «ch $1.13 The Milk Pitch>r-Inn the n:w low erf pattern sha.e, comej in : solid 'cVlor's-bla'e, yellow, D wort J *S< P« yard now.. ................::.•.. *.:,;. tlOtiary, tiCSO TttlS. X
§ 5/jOOls5/O-They are 81x90 inchei in samen, carmine- hai a gcM edge and is made of fine semi-porcelain ; it is a 60c ' '. Bod y- Br . U ;" Is Carpet-Lowell & Wh.tals manufacture, one of, the^best %v : anng car- The Genuine Webster's Unabridtfed DfctloiU ' J
Jt sz,, large en'uih for double b ids ,maie of a article, marked special for Monday 'only. . 37C \ s mid: t f^erv.ce anl hard wear worth $1.35 p:r yard, .psc;al thu.week..... .. JTCfC . ary _ The aatio ri£y on the Engih language, S
K heavy, firm quality of Bleached sheeting, a The' Individual Butter Pktes- Are markel at but little more than half thc:r actual va'ue 5 Linoleum of a fine quality 12 Je : t wide, enough ta cover a kitch.-n in on= piece, complete with, an extra supplement of mcU ' *
Sf smill !ot, 225 only, on special sale _ m fine Carl bad China, dtco.-ated go'd edge ; worth 80c a doz:n, special Monday --_ worth 92c per fqiare)arJ, t.ns wesk^ecia^ at. . v*»i» -than 5000 words, with a new pronouncing «
i Monday, each... 51C on!y QSc Matting -Lmen warp, doube dye reversble and desirable, worth 35 c per yard, 5 pecial gazetteer of the world, with . new biograph- 5
JC PiltOW Cases SIC— 4-5*16 inches in Decorated China Plates— Several diffirint st.les ani d;corat'on that arc regularly _.-_ ,«!r^. W ." ' W t"o' —'",":' *-' ••••"••••,••- "'-'i"l-' , a " ical dictionary containing nearly 10,000*
J» size, made lrom a nice soft quaity of Bleiched l 5 c, 20c and a 5 c each; on special sale Monday only t OO 500 Tapestry Brussels Rugs -Travelers sample., wori Ji.oa, special thi. week «£|_ - names of noted person* of ardent and modern ' ¦$
a,* Pillow Casing, 80 dcz:n in the lo", : — : ______ • ........; ...; times, HJustrated with colored plates and %
I «„ lie Dg, &&s . Goods. The Newest in j 2S o Madras t4e. Men's ¦ Underwear, \ -STS-f- __SlXyiL?3 5
S> £11*--—=—. '_»_»# »-, i|O« SBB££T*iSil SsiBe*, Wwl*Si§9§S&B* ri&tinel&m This chance for M.niay only — choice of our .«-.j_ff-__l_-_ __7___-__r_-.-__- iP<-C_- Dictionaryi special sale through ' die , « _
Jf tifflUSIG ROllS **3C. ¦&§9V1*I*M^ •»««#«?» v/c have - jm opcrcd another , }g shipmcnt of entirclinc o f 25c Madras Waisings, every SISETIS, MOSIQry, fciC. . month of Angwt, if Q g~ *>fZ ' 3
I Biggest Bargain Yet. |^gp^ f S|^p|5 1£j^£:^l??'L^ *^^^_#^ " '^ k!Ui ' 9°'**>> |
J.- Seldom are we able to secure such a .most popular .fab/ics f-r Fail, wear, full 38 in novelty- stripes, scrolls and fljwcr efFrcts; mind you per yard 1**C bue, Dlac* and pink ribbed ; per garm^t.. . . V i* — ; — ______ £
j value M to: We bough. d: r =« .^^^ g£ Sp M^^M^^M^M • Framed Pictures, ¦-*— -" ci^xM^^^ Li Groceries-Liquors 5
»* ; surJIy low special price -per yard *3-3C yard " " ' 1 2 iC «1> fl/1 I/of,, AC ffiff OK natural . gray, soft, flseced - finish, nic:ly Lennox Soap- On special tale Monday only, X
"1*. I . ¦* ,. ' I L_i_ y ' V ¦ *— ' s% * &JSmUU VaiUeS &M.&O made ; p;r garment. ......:. . .BQo 9 for ......_ ....... 28o *
5" /Tl^*' "* " YD - - ¥ ' v^ v f\ B3B*ti**lfa 4f* /*»---/»#_» a* - ¦_€*¦¦¦ - — - — 0.1 Monday oay we a« goin S to seU. a ijne of F.'eeced.Uned Merino Underwear— Gray or Macaroni. Spaghetti or Vermicelli— The *5c . J :
K \^SSSi$^i^&gSlie^^J^l^ fl3»-f ifflGfim &% &%£&&& O Sttirt LinitttiB. nice P£rlor Pictures, 17x21 inches in size, bIue> non-shrinkab'e and. durable, hand- boxes, special Monday.......'. 20O 5
*^ ¦ . F-*—fn* fl«« £ i/ok /S « nt»0*igat <?£»!_» daintily colored copies, of such popular" sub- somelv fin'shel; per garment .>'.. ...50o Van Camp's Pork and Beans—Monday, 3 3
* from the manufacturer I OOO music _ta~#JT .tflFVJlr _#__?- -H» «? f* UMmMeSM «-»«?#&» jec s as "Eyangellne," ««Lov='s Melodies," Men's Unio.i Suits— Becoming more and more tins.. _?5o •
ftj" rolls, made of pegamoid, which IS We have received several cary shipments of Pompadour, Brocade, Mo're Skirt Lining, 31 "Priscilli,** *'Tne Honeymoon, ** "Memo- popular every day for men's wear—* Sapolio— Enoch Morgan's, 4 for _?_»_» 5
*° tniarantced to wear better than ' tkc black Dri5S Fabrics for Fa11 ani wi . nfcr - inch « wide, black ground with colorei ries" and many others ; each, hmdsomcly In Cotton* $1.25 *ni $1;&0 Pink Beans— New crop, regularly 7 lbs 25c; S
* f [ •>, , f1 , • The following are especial y good va'.ues: " stripes, a good heavy cloth, regularly 20c p:r framed in 2-iach ri:b:d gilt moling with In Mrrinoat $2.50 and $3.00 on Monday,. 10 lbs........: 25o *
V leather; tney are tne lu .1 s:ze, 5 2.| n ch Plain and Panne Cheviots— AU yar'. We hav* juft 830 yards, which will large, fancy corners ; pic tmes that sell ngu- Men's Fancy Hosiery— Fancy embroidered, Ghlrardtlli's Cocoa — tiru, Monday 5
)£ arc^ in pretty shades of browns, . wool, in a handsome bright shade or mrdium Le on special sale Monday only at W _, larly lor $z.co. at the very «9S latcJt designs, black, blue and red ground ; •only...........;. .200 J*
K blues, greens, light tans and in back, warranted ra t dye; per &*:*•*% I-CTC special prke, each ......... %PBm&%9 .fair. ............ ...... ....25C Bird Seed— Mixed or plain, rega'arly 6c lb; 9
X ttack- if bDughjt in a regular way > ard 3 &M0HJHI llllll WIWi IjlH |"' 1 1 f~~ fa £3 TS&ltK dfflSStK v S3?fe^ Si E_l £_! VStk E£ Men's Coiowd Shir.'s— Stiff bosoms, the new Monday, 6 lbs 25o £
«• ' U W- f« ~f»a for ; f | Mtt 52-inch Elack ' Pebb'e Cheviot— AU wool, T^H&El^fa BSell ffi^HifiM B B_|. || 8^ ttyle plain . effects, burs, rels, p:nk, s'ate Port Of ShOPry— Regularly $1.50
a » WOUia nave IO retail ior ac least exceilent quality, in both the medium dress Hg Us IWMl KffJ&ST BB E_i II 8_^_iffl and green, two grade;.^/,O£» and 4Jf»_»_l pn- gallon, and a very excellent quality tor .•«
|»* $1.00 c:ch; we made an offer for wdght.and the heavy weight for short ||*a Mi^H^j E&fiS'^®' mSSi MBA jfi BB&MjB&S> Men's Night Shirts— — Good muslin, fancy that price; on special sale Monday only, gal- •*
£ this big quantity, which was ac- skirts; per yard $1,25 and $1.50 WmW$V*8l$**^ V smm ._%_nY£_| iWii trimmed, tut full size an! well made.. 53O Ion $1.O5 **
*• cepted and which wil enable us to 48-inch Fancy Armures — All-woo!, new HP^_^ ¦ — JJZZ ZT *rm. ™ T iH Men's Neckwear— Advanced styles for Fall, Wilson Whisky— Rye or Bourbon, regu'ariy &
*•' ,, / ,. , dainty weaves in scviral very pr;tt/ d.s'gns, SpS *^ VftMtfto 9_T§^> ETOk *S# HnRff *S^k^_ 2^ W* *8| s° me " ew i<:!c!S in the small four-in-hands $ 1. 15 per bottle, Monday onlv 97 O x
tf sell them cn Monday _-^ perfect dye and finish: per yard. ...... . 5 . .' : pntMB»;I»a~«air«y _ "^ d bat dcJ . have ja$t mIvcd Md are White UbeT Stout-Regnlarly |s.io^cr 5
£. on'y, each . . a Tm3%0 ......:..: ....-.$1.25 ™* $1 50 CALIFORNIA'S ij^RQEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE markeJ...... ............ ......5(?O dozen, on special sale Monday...:. $1.9O $
x '-•¦.- '.' ¦ • ¦¦,¦¦¦¦"¦ ¦_ - ¦ . • . ¦ • - -^ ¦ .. : -•. v.. ..-,.-,• >i ?.!¦; „,.»¦„,„¦ „ ¦ : , ' ¦ -'¦ "-• '¦."¦''"' ¦¦ a ¦¦ • ; * • • • ' ¦ ' - ¦ ¦ . '• '¦ - - ; <2^_rti_,' ; *
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE -EMPORIUM.
THE : EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOEITJM.
Hardwood parlor. table, very
pretty design, imitation
mahogany finish, SQ-TTR
' only. ..:........ L% I U "
Remnants of mattings, fine linen
- warp/per yard. ....... . . ,10c
, " Bring measurements.
We close at 6 except on Satur-
• days and days before : holidays.
On those days at 10 o'clock.
!• Brilliant
N FURNITURE:CO, : ,
338-342 POST STREET,
¦ Opposite > Union '. Square. .
-. . - '• .' _ ¦ - '_by o-tjtsa.r,:d.
"MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE"
IS A SUCCESSFUL BUT
MUCH-CRITICIZED PLAY
THE NEW BASSO OF THE OP
ERA COMPANY AT THE TIV
OLI.
It is announced that a man named Tom Reed is to be one of the principal speakers at a cel
ebratidn.,to be held in Maine, on. August ,15;; and it is ' now up to thegeneral public to guess who
Camp Curry,
Tosemlte, Introduced and maintains tha mod
erate rates of (2 per day, $13 per.week; less
than 5-tO for an eleven-day trip to Tosemlta
via ' the Bis Oak Flat route, (30 Market, or
Santa 3 Fe > route,* (42 Market tt, . *
Perambulating Pete (mournfully)— Well,
you see, lady, my name's Mr. Jesse Dar-
Un\ an' all the men are afraid to hire me
for. fear of gettin' into trouble wid .their
wives er sweethearts.— Brooklyn Eagle.
! Lady of the; House— If you are such a
skillful typewriter asj»u say you are, how
Is It that you cannot find employment? :
, The Santa Fe to Merced and uta?* thane*
vta Merced Falls, Coultervill«>, ITaxel OTe«n,
Merced Bit Tree*, Cascade Fal!a and Jtrtdal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at S tha
next afternoon. This to tho most popu'.ir rout*
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at C41 Mir-,
ket Bt for particulars and folder. *
Best Way to the Toscmlte.
Bverytlifns pertalntn* to th» New W\jrU
may be easily and cheaply »e*a at th» Pan-
American Exposition.' ; and th« N«t way to
set to Buffalo Is by -the comfortaMa trains
of the Nickel Plato Road, carrying Nlck«l
Plate Dining Cars, In which ar» s«rv«d Am«r«
lean Club meals from S3o to $1 *ac(K Bock
free, showlns pictures of exposition butMln**.
Hotel ; accommodations r»9*nr*d. JAT W»
ADAMS. P.- C. P. " A.. J7 Crocker bulMtng.
San Francisco. Cal.
Are Yon "Of the Old WarltTf
An automobile line Is to be operated
between Lewes and Rehoboth. Del., for
passengers to and from Cape Jlay, It
will be the first automobile ltne in that
State.
Special Information supplied dally tt>
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main liX*2. •
CaL, glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend*s>*
Choice candies. Townsen<Vs. Palac* Hotel*
, On ,the other side Buchanan said: "I say to you nowj out of the fullness of my experience,
that had I a son who thought of turning to literature as a means of livelihood, and whom I'cbuld
not dower with independent means to keep Barabbas and the markets at bay, I would elect, were
the choice mine, to save that son fromfuture misery by striking him dead witlrmy own hand." In
another place he says of "a literary man: "If his nature is in arms against anything that is. rotten;
• in society or, in literature itself, he must be silent. Above all he must .lay this solemn truth to
heart, that- when the world speaks well of him the world-will demand the price of praise, and- that
price will possibly, be. his living; soul.-' ' , » : / .
Similar contrasts of view could be found among the workers- in ; any department of indus
try. There are people who would be content and cheerful under a»y conditions, and others who ~
would complain in the halls of heaven. That Besatit's view of literary, -life ; in our. time is more :
rational than that of Buchanan ';canngt be questioned. There has never been a time when so many .
people could -read, when so many could afford to buy. books and. when authors fas' a ciassyvere
so, prosperous. Doubtless a writer who wishes to fight the world, arid expose what He' regards as
rottenness will. have a good many hard knocks to take, but a fighter, should, not be dismayed 'by
that fact. No one can be a reformer: and at tjtie same * time lie on .flowery beds. of ease.. The* - :
trouble With Buchanan seems to have been that he (thought' the world was demanding of him the
\ surrender of his soul when it really asked only^that he should write. entertainingly what the world
• wished to read: ; ; / , , :": : -.' ;v • . \ '* ' •' »
• Besant wrote: "The literary life may be, I am firmly convinced, in spite of many, dangers and
drawbacks, by far the happiest life' that the Lord has permitted ..man to enjoy! I say Jhis
with' the greatest confidence and after considering the history of all. these literary men/ living or
dead, whom I have known and of whom I have read;'' :.;^f"
DISCUSSIONS upon/the lives and works of the late Sir Walter Besant and Robert Bu
chanan have brought to ; light the fact that the two authors took widely different '
views of literary life. To the one that life was a pastime, while to the other it seeim .
to have been something like a tragedy. Each attained; a high degree, of success, but
only one was satisfied. -The other regarded success itself as a kind of. degradation because of the -
efforts he had to make-to attain it-; . \, ¦ . ' :
THE LITERARY LIFE.
A pleasant probability of the next Grau
grand opera season here in November, is
the giving of Massenet's "Manon Lefri
caut," with a further pleasure of hearing
the title role sung by a former San Fran
cieco stnger, Sybil Sanderson. Miss San
derson has not been heard here for many
years and, if I mistake not, "Manon"
never, and the conjunction, according to
Paris opinion, is something to delight.
Perhaps of all singers who have come out
of California Miss Sanderson is the most
famous. Her reception in Paris on her
appearance there, now some years ago,
was altogether exceptional, and her sub
sequent artistic career most brilliant;
Massenel, and Salnt-Saens were her ard-*
ent admirers, and besides "Manon" she
achieved renown ip the .
and "Phryne." She easily reaches G in
alt. and there Is no doubt as to her ar
tistry, beauty and temperament. Miss
Sanderson will be first heard in her na
tive city during the present tour!. Other
singers already engaged , by Mr. Grau are
Lilli Lehmann.: Anton Van Rooy and
Edouard de'Reszke. .
There is much more that is interesting
in the booklet, which is picturesquely and
clearly written and put up in dainty fash
ion by the Joseph Winterburn Company
of San Francisco, r
After reminding his readers that Berlioz
Included the mandolin in his list of legiti
mate instruments, that Mozart wrote a
mandolin accompaniment for. his "Deh
VienI," that the serenade in Verdi's
"Otello" is written for mandolins, and
various other mandolin claims to respect
ful consideration, the author tells in in
teresting fashion what ds being done to
day by. composers for and performers on
the instrument. The center of activity is
Italy, where the Circolo MandolinistI is
strongly in evidence. In the Royal Circolo
Mandolinistl Regina Margherita (the de
lightful leisureliness of the title!), besides
about twenty-six performers on the man
dolin, mandola (tenor mandolin) and mod
ern lute or mandoloncello— answering to
the violoncello— are to be found a pianist,
four guitarists, a kettledrummer and a
violoncellist, and the effect obtained is
said to be distinctly beautiful. On the
quartet of mandolins (first and second
mandolins, mandola and lute) it is no In
frequent tfilng to play the Beethoven and
Haydn string quartets, of which Mr.
Adelstein says enthusiastically that "one
can scarcely believe that such music may
be performed with such charming effect
on these instruments."
"Mandolin Memories" concerns itself
chiefly with the modern Instruments
of the plectrum family and is gen
erously illustrated with pictures of the
various instruments, from the Neapolitan
mandolin to the Japanese samisen. The
ancient lute, reminiscent of perfumed
Arabian gardens, large-eyed hourls and
love in Idleness, is also pictured, with the
Hawaiian ukelele, Chinese gekken and
Spanish Bandurrla. Portraits of famous
mandolinists are also given, and a few
characteristic groups of players.
Its haunts with a strenuous Industry
worthy of a better cause. Mr. Adelsteln's
monograph, however, rather persuades to
the belief that there is more in the mat
ter than meets the ear— than has so far
met mine at any rate — and that possibly
there is something approaching genuine
music to be obtained from the mandolin
and its kind.
7 Now it- happens, that Mrs." Dane is'in
deed FeJIcia Hindmarsh; that th^ere is a
child, and' that ; her cousin, Lucy Allen,
in Canada, had given her shelter and op
portunity, for. a. new start. -After a long
season of repentance ;deep and sincere;
at the death of her cousin for immediate
incitement, Felicia. comes to England, de
termined ; to live out her unhappy life
among her own people. But the unex
pected happens and she falls In love
with Lionel, the adopted son, of Sir Dan
iel Carteret,. a famous light ]of the law.
Almost : simultaneously ¦ with ¦ the discov
ery of her , love for. him and his for her
comes the shock. of Mrs. Bulsom-Porter' s
arraignment _ of her ' reputation; and she
appeals, for protection . and justification
to Sir Daniel.' 'Meantime the Porter
virago has chartered a detective to go to
Vienna, ;,who : discovers the truth about
Mrs./ Dane, :* but: seeing -her pitiable
plight,' he denies her identity" with Felicia.'
But.Sir Daniel, in the attempt to obtain
evidencej^f torn 1 * Mrs. e Dane ¦ .herself -.- that
Without considering the possible effect
of the relation. Rising tells his aunt that
Felicia Hindmarsh was. a' governess In
the Trend family; th£#t Mrs. Trend was
an invalid; that Trend, clever, handsome
and unscrupulous, had made lov« to the
governess; that Felicia Hindmarsh, very
young, ignorant and sus'ceptible, had re
sponded to his overtures;-, that Mrs.
Trend, discovering this, killed herself,
and Trend, who had really loved her,
went mad and was g now in an . insane
asylum in the north of England. After
ward," realizing what he has done, Ris
ing swears that Mrs. Dane is not at all
like Felicia and protests without avail
his full belief In her own account of her
self; that she is the widow of a Mon
treal doctor, and without relatives
since - the ' death of her cousin% Lucy
Allen. But . the fat's In the fire, and
Mrs. Bulsom-Porter spends her days and
nights in Industriously spreading the
story in her own and Mrs. Dane's exclu
sive circle.
"Ah!" says Mrs. Bulsom-Porter.
Briefly the story of the play runs thus:
Mrs. Dane, a charming" and beautiful
young widow, with an apparently Im
peccable reputation and quite unmis
takable bank book, suddenly dawns upon
'the little town of Sunningwater, some
where in the south of England. She is
received in the best and dullest society
of the village and by her beauty and
charm succeeds In rousing the enmity of
the Mrs. ' Grundy of Sunningwater, here
incarnate In the person of Mrs. Bulsom-
Porter. Mrs. Bulsom-Porter ' has a hus
band. She is old, unbeautiful and various
ly repulsive and afflicted with a conse
quent gratuitous jealousy of her husband;
a genial sort of chap who good-naturenly
gives her her head In all her rolfies. This
pleasant leader of Sunningwater society
becomes jealous of Mrs. Dane, to whom
Mr. Bulsom-Porter has daringly ventured
to pay the usual respects of the sex to
a pretty and charming woman, and swears
furiously to him that the newcomer has
a past written all over her. Her husband
turns sulky and she swears to be r-r-re
venged. Her nepTiew, one Rising, 1 him
self somewhat epris in the same quar r
ter. unconsciously plays into the irate
lady's hands by telling her that Mrs. Dano
reminds him of one Felicia Hindmarsh,
whom he had met In Vienna and who
was the heroine of a strange and dreadful
adventure.
Naturally "Mrs. Dane's Defence" has
aroused q. variety of comment, much fa
vorable and unfavorable criticism from
the Tweedledums and Tweedledees of
morality as we are so far acquainted with
the science, together with a large ad
miration for its artistic worth. As a
piece of craftsmanship the play Is said
to be among Mr. Jones' best efforts and
it has already achieved a record of. an
entire season's run in -New York after the
same experience at Charles Wyndham's
Theater in London. •
*- ; — . i i=. : .3.
of "art for morality's sake" having yet
been made In the connection.
The August number of The Theater— «
particularly bright and comprehensive
dramatic magazine, by the way — contains
a number of scenes from Clay M-
Greene's Passion play, "Nazareth," that
is shortly to be staged in New York by
"William A. Brady. There are also, among
other, pictorial attractions, portraits of
Ethel Barrymore, James Hackett. Ollva
May, "William Courtleigh and other
players much In the public eye.
The month's essays and articles on cur
rent topics include Alfred Ayres' usual
dash of literary bitters — with "some re
cent Hamlets" for flavoring; Wilton
Lackaye on the actor's relation to a pos
sible endowed theater and a review of
Clay M. Greene's Enssion play.
Ed Sothern wounded his foot with a
% sword in the middle of a successful run
last season, and was thereby laid up with
a very sore toe. Frohman, naturally con
cerned for the (ate of his season, Inter
viewed Scthern's doctor aa to his chances
of recovery. Said the medico:
0 "I have been telling Mr." Sothern that
if he will consent to have the toe am
putated he can-ise about again In three
days." . _ % . *¦: ,-,
"Have It" done, 'Edi? said Frohman, de
lighted. - : - '
"Charles," solemnly replied Sothern,
"this is my toe, and I don't propose to
have it cut oft if I have to stay In bed
for six month's with it, play or no play,
sir," and Sothern still counts ten toes,
though Frohman's vicarious enthusiasm
for art remains unchanged.
I've been saving up a Frohman story
for a week or two that I think is one of
the "best evers" on C. F. If It Isn't new
here. It ought to be, so here goes. '
• • •
Whether or not Sir IJaniel forgives her
or permits' her marriage with* hla son. 1
whether Sunningwater society decide* to '
open again Its charitable arms to the
sinner or whether Mrs. Bulsom-Porter
succeeds In ridding the immaculate vil
lage of this awful moral leper. Miss
Anglln and Mr. Richman will tell you to
morrow evening, with the expert assist
ance of the Empire group, of players-
Miss Ethel Hornlck, who appears as Mrs.
Dane's champion. Lady Eastney; Miss
May Brooke as Mrs. Bulsom-Porter; E. J.
Backus as Mr. Bulsom-Porter; "Wallace.
Worsely as Lionel Carteret; Stanley
Dark as Rising; "W. H. Crompton aa the
anxious ecclesiastic. Canon Bonaey;
Fendick.the detective; George Osbourne
Jr. end Miss Margaret Dale (bless her
pretty face!), oa the ingenue admirer of
Lionel Carteret.
would Infallibly establish her Identity,
/discovers who she is in a pitiably painful
scene of a cross-examination that Iast3
f->r a seeming eternity, when the woman,
fighting for her love, piles lie on lie until
she is caught In inextricable confusion.
iJlr. Samuel Adelstein sends me this week
a charming little monograph on the man
dolin tSiat he titles "Mandolin Memories,"
and that concerns itself with the history,
characteristics and possibilities of the in
strument in question, together with a
brief account of its present standing in
the varicus musical communities. I must
confess that the mandolin has' not hith
erto appealed to me. that I have regarde-i
it as one of the least mus!cal! j o£ mstru
xnents, and that I have heretofore avoide>l
Mr. Stelndorff, the man at the helm, is
stili another acquisition of the year and
has proven himself a capable, efficient
conductor. He willgive us this week "II
Trovatore" and' "Lucia." . . -
Signor Russo Is of those who show a
marked improvement in their work since
last year. The clever singer, while losing
none* of the spirit and ease always asso
ciated with his work, has broadened, mel
lowed and gained considerably intirtlstry.
His voice, too, is fuller, but his control is
greater ,*and he no longer holds on to the
high note for the mere fun of seeing how
long he can, though there Is plenty he
still does for the mere fun of it, witness
his performance of the Duke of Mantua on
Tuesday evening. x But with all his faults
we love him still , and, besides, he fully
made up on Thursday for his Tuesday
ei'enir.g monkeying ' with his Highness of
Mantua. Then ¦there's Ferrari, who, bar
ring his tremolo (which he left behind the
scenes a time or two in "Rigoletto"), has
a really 6plendid barytone and can render
more than one part very cleverly. His
Rigoletto Is perhaps the best of his big
roles, but his Barber comes a close second.
Castellano's voice is not so pleasing. It
Is bard, though bright— probably placed
too far forward— but he Is earnest and in
telligent in his work. Nlcollnl's smooth,
eweet basso is a useful voice, and his
brigand, Sparafuclle, is decidedly good
work. This week he will sing the chap
lain's part in "Lucia," one of his best
efforts. *
• • • *
Oh. Collamarinl, pretty Collamarinl,
how could you get bo fat Tin one short
year? There are ways, you, know, and we
are distinctly averse to having our pretty
Carmen spoiled in the drawing? What a
voice it is! Of .all singers in the company
Collamarini is the most lavishly gifted by
nature, and by sheer force of tempera
ment almost persuades one Into, accept
ing all she does. But she is not a tithe
of what she might be with her gifts.
She does not breathe "* properly and
sometimes forces that beautiful voice
of hers until one trembles for its fu
ture; yet the next 'moment sings in so
wonderful fashion that one forgives
everything. Barbareschi Is a charming
singer, a charming woman. She has a
strong, artistic Instinct and gave us a de
lightful AJda this week. Her voice is
pure, sweet and sympathetic as we found
It last year, and she is a very welcome
member of the company. Repetto, too,
Is In good voice, and the dainty little
singer trills and runs with the same
fluent sweetness that we have always as
sociated with her work. She is another
very pleasing personality and an Indis
pensable member of the company. Pole
tini is another clever artist we are glad
to welcome again— one we are always sure
of and one whose j modest bearing wins
liking at once. - •
Salasfa is In splendid trim, more than
ever the fine artist, singer and actor as
we have known him: Even to his make
up he is the thorough artist, and his cos
tumes are always finely suitable and thor
oughly picturesque. His Aznonasro Is a
triumph simply as a picture, and who that
has seen it can forget his Iago? Another
picturesque personage Is Augusto Dado,
the new basso, who has an excellent stage
presence and dramatic instinct. He also
Is a conspicuously artistic singer, and will
get his opportunity to show fully what he
can do in the "Meflstofele" of Bolto, soon
to be given and one of the big features
of the season. His Ramphis is notably
good.
IT has been a great pleasure this week
to meet th<; Tlvoli singers once again
and to find the kind, clever artist folk
as eood and even better than our
year-old memories of them. They all
look so well, are singing so well and the
reason promises so good entertainment
at their hands. I am sure. too. they are
pleased to be with us, proud of the per
ponal liking that we have for them, and
that w? shall get nothing less than the
best they have while they are here.
CLEVER ACTRESS "WHO WILL AP
PEAR IX THE PLAT OF "MRS.
DANE'S DEFENCE."
An enemy, of Schley could not have devised' a plan more hurtful to him. Because of it he
is entitled to the sympathy of the people, since the most helpless man on earth is the one who
is a victim of fool friends and the favor of sensational journalism. When the case opens, and as
the trial proceeds, the facts brought out will be given the country, and will equip it for judg
ment as to the merits of the dispute. Until then.it is well to be content and leave the matter 'in
the hands of the court which Schley has wisely demanded.-
executive power.
Not only official decorum but public propriety demands that the question be formally
tried by the court appointed for that purpose, and its decision will be respected. The attempt
of yellow and sensational journalism to advertise itself by using Schley as a sandwich man
should be resented Td>- that officer and his friends. The scheme to flood the President with letters
in Schley's favor was the most injurious that could have been devised. The President would be
guilty of an extreme indelicacy if he interfered' in any way with the court that is try the cause.
Such interference. would vitiate a decision if in Schley's favor, and" to attempt it is a confession
that his cause has not sufficient merit to stand alone, but must depend upon the intervention of
The dispute which has topsy-turveyed the Navy Department is not between ring cham
pions, and Historian Maclay made a mistake in using the language suitable to the trainer of the
champion bantam weight. for a. fistic battle with another bantam, ambitious to spar himself into
the belt.
Young Schley came near reducing the affair to the- plane of a modern prize-fighter's jaw
ing match, in which the principals wear out each other ajid the public by blows on each other's
verbal solar plexus, until all interest, in the actual battle is abandoned. .
N' X) matter what one's sympathy may be, the people generally will approve the caution
by the War Department to. Captain Schley to clap a stopper on his jaw tackle. His
distinguished father, the rear admiral, has set the young captain an example which he
~ will follow with credit ,to himself. The elder Schley has been reticent as to his affairs
throughout the prolonged controversy over the sea fight at Santiago. The same may be said of
Rear Admiral Sampson. The country 1 was divided into rival camps upon the issue between them,
and their respective champions,wise and otherwise, were buttering parsnips with hard words
enough so that no^ndulgence in that pastime was required of the principals. For this, or for the
reason that each rear admiral is, aware that interminable talk will not settle anything, they have
both been commendably prudent, -and very economical of conversation about the issue between
them. Perhaps the result of the investigation will show that as the superior officer of the fleet
Sampson was'not to be ignored, though his tarry top lights were not powder-grimed whejti the
action was over, and that Schley, in a fighting place; dicl his duty, like a brave sailor.
TOO MUCH TALK.
Socrates was a teacher, and Aristotle, the tutor of Alexander and Ptolemy Soter, his half
brother, was so broad that he left a path as wide as all the universe, down which mail has passed
in a procession, carrying the lamp of learning, until its ranks have widened and v knowledge
fills air the space that spreads between the farthest stars. Nature was a terror to the theologian ;
and its plain ways were fearful mystery, until the teacher lifted the veil and taught mankind that
there is nothing supernatural, but all that is, in the heavens above and the earth below and inthe :
waters under the sea, is natural.
It is not saying too much to declare that all knowledge that is began with . that "looking
down" to childhood and youth, by the teacher, which Professor Russell so much deplores as the |
cause of narrowness and bigotry in the teacher. Froebel and Pestalozzi looked, down into the
nature of the young and acquired knowledge of how to impart knowledge. The great Teacher, j
hearing the predecessor of Professor,Russell chide the children and tell them to keep still or go
away, said /'Suffer little children to come unto^me and forbid them not, for of such is the king
dom of heaven." He was looking' down/ but itNvas into that which mirrors all that is and is
to be.
AVe are not inclined to entirely agree with Professor James Earl Russell, although he hails
from Columbia. There are those who think that the teacher works in a line that brings a broader
and more tolerant knowledge of human nature than any other.- If the proper study of mankind is
man, and if the injunction "man, know, thyself," is by authority, the teacher more than any other is
iri contact with the fountain of knowledge. The child is father to the man, and in tKe study of
the child, the guidance of its intellectual development and the formation of its character the
teacher is constantly studying the alphabet and the first book of human nature. It, must riot be
forgotten that in every step toward an education the teacher, be. he in the kindergarten or in a
university faculty, is all the time the same distance in advance of the pupil. The teacher has ac
quired knowledge to impart, and the pupil the- task of its : acquisition. A rollcall of the broadest
men in the history of the United States is answered most frequently by the names of teachers.
Noah Webster, Agassiz. Mann, Silliman, Andrew D. White," Draper, Eliot, Le Conte, Jordan,
Wheeler, Harper and Hadley occur at once as examples of the broadening effect of that profes
sion which Professor Russell denounces as the narrowest and most bigoted.
¦-¦¦¦¦• ¦ " .¦ . - • ¦ ¦ ,
r I ' ."* HE Eastern professors who have been polishing the California mind at the Berkeley
I Summer School have furnished our people with some food foi< reflection and also. some
; I fodder, for rumination. • -
" Professor James Earl Russell of Columbia, whose specialty: is pedagogy, in his clos
irigy address to the school told the teachers, who were there to learn, that their profession is an
ensmalling, narrowing and shriveling sort of calling, the most narrow-minded and bigoted of all
vocations. He attributed this to their contact with children, and is said to have a plea for
a broader, wider, more expansive and spreading- sort of training, to remedy the narrowness and
bigotry of the profession. 'C-S. • \
THE TEACHER'S BREADTH.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4; 1901.
;Vthek sanVfr^ngisgq:
JOHN D^SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ; . . . . Address Communications to W. >S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ...... .'. .-. . ; .:;. ............. : . . . . : . .... . . „ . ; . . . . . .". ... . . . . .............. . . . . . ... AUGUST 4 , 190 {
Publication <tj|£|p&|^*£> Market and Third, S. F.
B"2* BLANCHE PARTINQTON.
TIVOLI OPERA SINGERS
SURPASS THEIR CLEVER
WORK OF LAST SEASON
MARGARET ANGLIN, Charles
I Richman, the Empire Theater
Company and Henry Arthur
" Jones' new play, "Mrs. Dane's
Defence," is the promising con
junction- of Interests at the - Columbia
Theater to-morrow night. . Mr. Jones, in
"Mrs. Dane's Defence," has been among
the moralities again, "Rebellious Susan",
wise, and appears here as special pleader
for the woman in the case for. the doublo
morality standard. Also, as in "The Case
of Rebellious Susan," Mr. Jones succeeds
in pointing his moral without injury to
the adornment of his tale, no suggestion
' - t • .
18Inquests were held by Coroner , Leland
yesterday in 'the matter of the ,death of
Mrs. lone Hogsdon of 1514% Mission street
and Ju Do Hong, the 15-year-old' boy who
was shot in the back by Ju Sin Ong,' a
member of his clan. In the case of Mrs.
Hogsdon the verdict was that: the lyoung
woman poisoned herself ; while demented.
Her husband arrived in this city, yester
day, .but was not called as a ¦witness. ¦¦. The
verdict in the Chinese case was that death
was caused by the bullets fired by Ju Sin
Ong, who is charged with murder.
Verdicts of Murder and. Suicide.
NEWPORT NEWS, Aug. 3.— The new
Morgan line steamship El Siglo was suc
< -?sfully f launched at the shipyard this
morning. Miss Susan S. Usher, sister of
I-ifutenant Commander Usher. U. S. N.,
christened the vessel.
Successful Launching of
Paul Redfield Lewis, theoH stock brok
er, has notfyet been arrested.- by the po
lice on the warrant charging him with
embezzling Miss Aida Logan's diamond
ring. He Is out of the city, but Detective
T. B. Gibson, who has the warrant,
knows where he Is, . and • It . ia thought
probable that Lewis .will return and sur
render himself. • .* v.
Broker Lewis May Return.
ST. ETIENNE, Aug. 3.— The National
! Miners' Federation has sent a circular to
all its members proposing a general strike
in France in November unless the Gov
ernment and mining companies have pre
v vi iusly given the miners satisfaction In
to the proposals for eight hours'
work per day and a pension of 2 francs
per day after twenty-five years' work-
General Mining Strike Proposed.
Inspectors on a Vacation.
' Captains . O. F. Bolles and J. K. iBulger ,
United States local inspectors of steam
vessels, will begin a. thirty days' yacation
to-morrow. Being seafaring in- tastes,
they will take their ease on the briny
deep. ' ¦" .'. "'' ' • " '
The Bee Hive Shoe ; Co. that is selling
the entire stock of the Portland shoe fac
tory will inaugurate something entirely
new and beneficial to the public to-mor
row. There will be on sale— what? Now
comes the cat. Men's and women's shoes,
such as are being sold as specials by al
most all shoe dealers of consequence for
$3.50, such as Sorosls, Ultras, Walkover or
any name given them. They will be sold
to-morrow and every day after until 5000
pairs have been sold for just $1.85 a pair.
Mind you. these shoes are all Goodyear
welt, made of vici or king kid. Manila,
box or velour calf. Up-to-date style toes,
Euch as the new coin, bulldog, Cornell,
Manhattan, Lenox or Harvard, heavy or
light soles — sixty styles — suitable for law
yers, doctors and bankers. All $1.85 a pair,
either men's or women's, at the factory
shoe sale of the Portland shoe factory,
717 Market St., near Third. . •
The Cat Out of the Bag.
According to Professor Treadwell, who
has spent a great portion of his life In
mining in the Western part of the United
States, the company will pay $800,000 in
cash for the concession and a tax of 4
per cent on all the-' gold produced. He
says it will require $25,000,000 to carry out
the plans of the syndicate.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Arrangements
were completed in this city this week for
the development on a vast*scale by Ameri
can and French capital and engineers of
eleven hundred square miles of gold, sil
ver, copper and platinum bearing mineral
lands in the South Ural Mountains, Rus
sia. The tract Is on the railroad leading
from St. Petersburg to Irkutsk, near the
latter place, and has been reserved as
crown mineral lands by the Czar's Gov
ernment The parties appearing in the
transaction were Prof. George A. Tread
well, a metallurgist living at the Waldorf-
Astoria, and friends of Paul Annasaff,
one of the builders and at present an
associate manager of the' Trans-Siberian
Railway. The Czar himself has taken a
keen interest in the negotiations, as the
development of this Imperial mineral
tract is expected to have- an important
bearing on mining enterprises throughout
the Russian Empire.
Senator Clark has discharged - H. W.
McLaughlin, who has been manager of
Clark's company, the Western Lumber
Company. A. W. McConnell of Butte suc
<r-eds him. To make things safe, Mc-
Laug-hlin was made to deed all timber
Ir.nd he bought for the company and also
file an instrument saying that In future
when requested he will deed to the com
pany any lands he may have omitted to
Mrs. Marcus Daly has filed her demurrer
to the suit commenced by the Govern
ment to recover several millions It Is
claimed her late husband owes for timber
alir-ged to have been stolen from the pub
lic domain. People of Montana think that
the Big Blackfoot Lumber Company.
v.'h'ch has had for years a monopoly of
the business, should be brought to book.
It Is a trust which has been operating on
k gigantic scale.
BUTTE, Aug. 3.— Since the effort was
made to put on Senator Clark the onus
for the vast timber thefts of recent years
;n Montana his friends and enemies have
been anxious to see what his reply would
be. His indictment by the United States
Grand Jury and the -subsequent with
drawal of the indictment caused much
talk. It was Eaid that investigation
showed that the indictment was caused
by his old political enemies, who intended
to make good use of the timber affair in
Washington this fall. His answer has
been filed and is very lengthy, but in-
V 6tead of being sensational it is simply a
r?weeping and emphatic denial, declaring
Fevery charge baseless and that no irregu-
Jiax purchases of lands were made to his
knowledge. He declared the plaintiff has
no cause of action and asks for a dis
missal of the case, with all costs of ac
tion. He gives dates of purchase from
R. M. Cobban, showing in all he paid
. 52151 25 in seven months. His attorneys,
Judge W. M. BIckford and T. J. Walsh,
have been working on the papers night
and day since Clark was indicted.
Large Syndicate Secures
Concessions From
the Czar. .
Piles a Lengthy Answer
.¦•;.•; in the Timber Land
Litigation.
WILL DEVELOP
RUSSIAN MINES
SEMTOR CLARK
DENIES CHARGES
Troop A, cavalry, the Buccessor of the
first military organization of San Fran
cisco, the ¦first Light Guard, celebrated
the fifty-second anniversary of the forma
tion of that company by a military ball in
the Market-street armory last Wednesday
night. There was a large attendance of
military men in full dress uniform, in
cluding Adjutant General Seamans and
staff, Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil and staff
and officers of the Fifth Infantry and of
the Artillery battalion, i The hall was
prettily decorated with flags and military
accoutrements. The grand march, in
which nearly 200 couples took part, was
led by the commander of the troop. Cap
tain Charles Jansen, and Mrs. Jansen.
Troop A Observes Birthday.
An effort is being made to have the
berth of the Marion changed from the
Arctic OH wharf to a point nearer Folsom
street. The distance, it Is urged, prevents
many of the men from attending drills.
Headquarters and the first; second and
engineer divisions, Naval Militia, will en
gage in target practice at Shell Mound
to-day.
Louis H. Turner, former commander of
the Naval Militia, now on the retired list,
has been granted thirty days' leave of ab
sence, with permission to leave the State.
Granted Leave of Absence.
Ensign James , . C. Kelly of the Naval
Militia has been, relieved from duty as
paymaster and returned to duty with the
second division. D. J. O'Hara; first-class
gunner's mate, has been appointed chief
gunner's mate. William F. Buckley, quar
termaster, first class, has been appointed
chief signal quartermaster, vice Lindeck
er, term expired. Twenty-eight men have
been discharged from the naval service,
fifteen at expiration of term, nine on ac
count of removal and four for the good
of the service. / '-
Captain. T. . : A.. Nerney has been advised
that the Philadelphia will, at some time to
be designated in future orders, be the ves
sel on which the Naval Militia will be
taken on a cruise in September.
', The headquarters of the Fifth Infantry
will be removed from San Francisco to
San Jose. -•¦ . \
Company' B of the First Regiment at its
drill on last Monday night had forty-two
men in line.
At the election held in Battery D, artil
lery battalion, Captain T. J. Cunningham
was re-elected captain; Second Lieutenant
Frank E. Young was elected first lieuten
ant, defeating Lieutenant Edward D. Fin
ley, and Sergeant Ashley R. Rarless,
who went out with the First California
and returned as lieutenant, was elected
second- lieutenant.
Battery D Election.
Major H. P. 'Bush has been authorized
from general headquarters to muster in a
band for his battalion in accordance with
general orders^for a band of one chief
musician, chief trumpeter, principal musi
cian, drum -major : {with the rank of first
sergeant), four . sergeants^ four corporals
and not less* than eight nor more than
thirteen privates.
~ . The First Battalion of Artillery had j a
very, successf ul drill j oh^Van Ness avenue
last Monday night, nearly,. 200. men being
present. The movements 'included open
and close ranks,- march In *line,. general
alignment, marching, in columns of fours,
formation of line by two movements, line
from "column of , companies, line by two
movements faced : to the rear,* front into
line," change front, close column," deploy
ments, right of companies rear into col
umns and columns of companies breaking
from the right to march to the left. There
were numerous,; spectators on the avenue
who warmly applauded many of the evo
lutions. It is the Intention of the com
manding officer' to repeat the drill this
month. .. . ¦ •
The Western Mining World says that
the reports filed with the County Assessor
of Silver Bow County show that the
mines of Butte have produced $16,000,000
net during, the year ending June 30, 1901,
after deducting all expenses of produc
tion. .<¦ Under the laws of the State the net
output is assessed. The net output of the
Boston and Montana was $7,000,000; the
Anaconda produced, more than $5,000,000;
the Montana Ore Purchasing Company is
credited with $1,250,000. Only one company
was operated at a loss. The gross output
of the Anaconda during the year was
$18.128,558 91. .
The Anaconda led in the matter of pro
duction. The product was about 112,000,000
pounds fine copper, nearly 4,000,000 ounces
of Silver and nearly 15,000 ounces of gold,
the silver and gold being by-products of
the copper. The - total valuation of Its
production. was $20,928,208. The Boston and
Montana was second as ; a producer. : Its
product was 75.000,000 pounds of fine cop
per, 1,312.500 ounces , of silver and 4811
ounces of gold. The .total valuation. of
the product was $12,896,845. The Butte and
Bcston was next. Its production of fine
copper was 24,000,000 pounds, silver 936,000
ounces and gold 1G00 ounces; total valua
tion of production, $4,733,600. This com
pany has only been operating its ¦ own
smelting plant since February. The Colo
rado Company produced 11,281,578 , pounds
of , fine copper, 1,251,988 ounces of silver
and 21,303 ounces of gold, the valuation of
which is $3,051,232. The Colusa-Parrot pro
duced approximately : 12,000,,000 pounds of
copper, 750,000 ounces of silver - and 2500
ounces of gold, of a total. value of $2,427,
500.
Mining in Montana.
George "W. Rumble has purchased the
Wagner mine, in Morris Ravine, Butte
County. Rumble is manager for the Sun
set Mining Company and the property is
for the Sunset Company. , The new own
ers have been operating the hydraulic
mine near Orovllle for some time.
All along the line of the Sweepstake
pipe line, ) says the Trinity Journal, the
work is being pushed as rapidly as possi
ble. The contractors are working all. the
men possible to use in digging a trench.
The sawmill machinery has reached the
ground and will .be installed at once.
Teamloads of- iron arrive daily, and in
about ten days a camp of machinists will
be working • at "Ward's,' making twenty
miles of large pipe. At the mine a force
of men is.digging^a great reservoir.*
A report is in circulation that gold has
been discovered near Happy Camp, in Del
Norte County, on Indian •Creek... •. " : ¦
The Calaveras Chronicle reports that
mining is improving at Murphys. The
Beatrice mine:is running. Carpenters are
working, on the hoisting works of the Oro
Minto of the Calaveras group of mines.
¦ The placer 'and hydraulic mining season
for Siskiyou and Trinity counties, so says
the Scott Valley Advance, has closed
with few exceptions. The water supply,
which'was good for eight months, is lim
ited to a few large companies that have
good water rights from large streams,
with long ditches. Next year there will
be several hydraulic plants to be added
in Siskiyou County and also two dredgers.
"The old cry ihat:thg county Is "worked
out is dying, and instead you will hear
the mining men in every section talking
of the large body of gravel they are try
ing to get' hold of."-..
The. Vulcan Smelting and Refining Com
pany has just shipped a thirty-ton fur
nace to be installed at- the Bullion mine,
near' Clairville, Plumas County, . which
mine is the property of Thomas E. Hay
don of Reno, Nev. This furnace is in
tended to treat copper sulphide ores car
rying gold and silver values, and by the
use of this smelter Mr. 1 Haydon exrtects to
treat his ore for just about one-half what
it would cost him were he to use one of
the old-style blast furnaces. The Vulcan
Smelting and Refining Company has also
under construction a flfty-ton. furnace for
the Pacific Union Mining and Smelting
Company of Lordsburg, N. M., which is
to be immediately followed by two fur
naces of 100 tons capacity each. The Pa
cific Union Mining and Smelting Com
pany has contracted for the smelting of
600 tons of ore per day in Grant County,
New Mexico, and expects to have its plant
equipped up to a capacity of 1500 tons per
day within the next year.
Furnace for Plumas County.
State Mineralogist Aubury has pre
pared a resume of, the work which .his
ojjice force and v fleld assistants are en
gaged in performing which will be gen
erally interesting. Assistant P. C. Du
bols has completed his report on the
cepper mines of Mariposa and Tuolumne
counties and is now conducting investiga
tions in ¦ Calaveras and , will go -next to
Amador, El Dorado and Placer counties.
Assistant J. ' H. Tibbits having finished in
Humboldt, ' Trinity, Lake and Mendocino
counties, :.is now working in Sonoma, affer
which 'be 'will proceed to Napa and Marin
counties. Frank M. Anderson ia working
along the McCloud River. Complete maps
of the copper bearing sections of Shasta
County have been prepared. George H.
Tweedy has finished his work in Western
San Diego. and. Riverside counties, and is
now at Acton, Los Angeles County, from
which place he will work through Ven
tura,'Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo
counties. % \
Mr. Aubury also reports that samples
of copper ore : received from field assist
ants will be placed on exhibition in the
museum connected with the bureau. . As
numerous applications for employment
are received at the bureau from men who
have followed the various branches of
mining,' a register will be- opened where
applications for employment may be filed.
Mine owners are requested to advise when
they need help, and an attempt wilt, be
made to furnish men without charge by
the bureau. , An increased number of
samples for j determination is being re
ceived. To expedite work it is desired that
samples should be forwarded in lump
form whenever, it is possible. In the
draughting department work is proceed
ing on ¦ a mineral map of San Diego
County. Maps- of the several mineral
counties are found to be in great demand
and each county will be charted as soon
as the funds. will permit. Any citizen is
privileged to send to the laboratory con
necled with the Mining Bureau any min
ersl "substance from any part of the State
for classification, free of charge. The
laboratory will not make assays or quan
titive determinations.
To Andrew Peterson, 5 rooms and bath for
$2750. on Hoffman avenue. Herman tract; lot
on Forty-elehth avenue, O. L." Black to N S
Younge. Edeewood, Cal., for $550; two lots in
Alyin tract -to Mr.- Fourauet for $125; 4-room
house, . corner Ellsworth and Jefferson streets,
to Mr. Kirby. for $1200; 3-room house In Alvin
tract, Elmhurst. to S. Armeda for $530. - ¦
David Bush & Sons have leased the
southeast corner of Bay and Powell
streets to the San Francisco Fish Smok
ing and Curing Company for J. A. Drls
coll for ten years, the amount. being $5700.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction off at
referee's sale property belonging: to the
heirs of Matthew Crooks, theisale taking
place Monday, August 12. The properties
severally are-situated at 813 "Washington
street, 716 and 718 Jackson street, parts of
Potrero blocks Nos. 210, 188 and 199 and on
the northwest line of Townsend street,
between Third and Fourth, .. the latter
facing the Southern Pacific depot. ¦
H. T. Lally has .bought the James L.
Flood residence on Pacific avenue, near
Gough street, for $30,000.
The Jacob Hgyman Company reports the
following sales;" 'V;" I :;"•¦" ¦> . .. -.
G. H. Umbsen, as referee, has sold the
Heydenfeld property, 275 feet on the east
line of Stockton street by 137:6 feet on
Beach and and North Point street, to the
Simpson- Lumber Company for $30,000.
Madison & Burke are the agents for the
Callaghan estate building at Market and
McAllister streets.
Auctions and Leases.
A special credit auction sale will be held
by Easton, Eldridge & Co. next Tuesday.
A.Todhunter to A. C. Hellman, fifteen acres
with Improvements, at San Carlos, Fan Mat eo
County, for $10,000; A. R. Harrison to Thomas
O. Heydenfeld. house and two and a half acres
at Fair Oaks, in the same county, for $4500:
estate of Mary Pope to John Selme, five acres
near Concord, Contra Costa County, for $1000;
lot In Santa Cruz, 'by Henry N. Clement, for
$600.
Baldwin & Howell have sold to Profes
sor Malson a lot on the east line of Nine
teenth avenue, near H street, upon whicn
a~ residence will soon be completed, - A
branch postoftice has been established in
the Sunset district. '
David Bush & Son report the following
sales:
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
received $25,000 for the 50-vara lot and im
provements on the southwest corner of
Jones and Lombard streets. '
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold four
lots in the 50 vara at the southwest cor
ner of O'Farrell and Gough streets for
$22,000 in total.
Baldwin & Howell and Cranston & Son
have sold the southeast corner, of Oak
and Stanyan streets. 100x100 feet, for Her
man Schussler to Maurice Rosenthal, who
will put up an apartment house on the
eite.
Park Property Sold.
Lot on the west side of Taylor street, S7:S
feet north from Eddy, 25x80 feet, from Amelia
.W. Coffin to S. Klaranmeyer, $15,750. In thi3
transaction Umbsen & Co. represented the
buyer and Lyon & Hoag the seller; lot and
cottage on the north side of Twenty-sixth
street. 2S0 feet west from Sanchez, Wells,
Fargo & Co. Bank to S. Leihkam, $1500: lot on
the southwest corner of Elizabeth and Diamond
rstreets, 64x100 feet, $3500; lot and 7-room cot
tage on the south side of Twenty-fourth street,
240, feet east from Diamond, $2500, E. P. E.
Troy to John Hawes; lot on the south side of
Hayes street, 118:3 feet west from Central ave
nue, A. Borel to J. J. Butler, $1400; lot on
east side of Cole street, 67 feet south from
Frederick, 30xS0, $1600; lot' on west side of
Eleventh avenue, 275 feet north from Cali
fornia, 25x120, $625; lot on the south side of
Union street, 143:9 feet west from Fillmore,
£5x137:6, $1150; lot ori the west side of Ninth
avenue, 100 feet north from K street, 25x100,
EOld by George F. Lyon to F. M. Johnson, $750;
lot on south side of Casselli avenue, 26x94 feet,
$500; lot on southwest corner 1 of Eighteenth
and Missouri streets, 25x100, $1300; lot on the
north line of Missouri street, 175 feet south
from Eighteenth, 25x100, $1000; lot on west side
of Minnesota street, 220 feet north from Twen
ty-second, 50x100, $2450.
Sol Getz & Bro. report these* recent
sales: . . •
32:6xlCO, northwest corner of J street and
Eleventh avenue... for $1350; 50x120, east line of
Forty-seventh avenue, 150 feet north of K
Btreet. -for $600; 55x100, northeast corner of K
street and Thirty-sixth avenue, for $250; 25x100,
east line of: South avenue, 60 feet south of
Rlchland avenue, for $250; 67:6x100, northeast
corner of L street and Forty-fifth avenue, for
$400; 50x125, south line of Sadowa street, -280
feet west of Capitol avenue, for $250; 32:6x100,
northeast corner of Tenth avenue and L street,
for $1400; 100x120, east line of Tenth avenue,
125 feet north of M street, for $2400; 4 lots in
block B, Getz Addition, for $400; 200x120,-north
east corner of O street and Forty-fourth ave
nue, for $800.
Madison & Burke have sold 55x120 feet,
with improvements, on the north line of
Page street, the lot reaching through to
Lily avenue, for $18,000, the property being
between Gough and Franklin streets; also
a lot on the northwest corner of Sutter
and Laguna streets. 82:6 on Sutter by 112:6
on Laguna, for $14,350. The same brokers
also report the following additional sales:
Lot 25x120 and Improvements on the. north
line of Hayes street, between Gough and
Franklin streets, $8000; lot 20x70, with Improve
ments, on the southeast line of Stevenson
street, between Third and Fourth, $4000; lot
26xl£7, on the north Hne of Washington, be
tween Polk street and Van Ness avenue, $3300;
lot 24:3x81:3, with improvements, on the north
west cornej of Fillmore and Germania streets,
$5000; lot £0x70, with Improvements, on the
south line of Shipley street, east of Fourth,
f240O; lot 25x75, on the south line of Harrison
street, between Sixth and Seventh, . $22*£L lot 25
x"5, with improvements, on the north line- of
Clara street, between Third and Fourth, $2850,
and lot and residence on the south side of
Hill street, 355 feet west of Valencia, 35 feet
front, with a depth of 114 feet, $3000. • i
. Notwithstanding that this is the dull
season, the brokers report lists of sales
that they have recently made that are of
interest. Sales are reported by Lyon &
Hoag as follows:
Beports From- Dealers.
The sales of realty In this city during
the month of July numbered 391, and the
total amount of money represented in the
transactions .was $2,601,359. The move
ment of the market Is indicated by the
geographical distribution of~ the trans
ferred properties. In the Mission there
were ninety-seven sales, representing
$252,100; in the Western Addition seventy
six sales, amounting to' $568,810. The Po
trero made 'an excellent showing, due to
the deal for the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany. The sales numbered fifty-two and
the total was $587,525. South Beach had
two sales, in total $70,000;. South' San
Francisco seventeen sales, $53,500; outside
lands sixty-eight" sales, $56,830. In 50-varas
forty-four transfers took place, represent
ing $683,444, and in 100-varas thirty-two
sales, amounting to ?231,900. Three city
slip and water lots were sold for $97,250.
the work of last month,
Thomas Magee & Sons' Circular says:
~ The Teal estate business was exceedingly
dull in July. This was> due to summer
dullness first, but second and chiefly to the
(strikes here and at the East. Both have had
their effect. There has been nothinc here in
the way of a real estate boom; it therefore takes
little to check what little progressive head
way sales and prices had attained. Buyers are
easily led to hold back and await developments.
Next to business properties, new flats have
been selline best. Hieh rents are just now
being paid for them. These make a Very at
tractive surface showing to those who do not
know that the first rents paid for new flats
are larger than they ever are again. There is
a fair demand for lots worth $1000 to $2500 be
tween Vailejo. Union, Buchanan and Devisa
dero, and between Clay, Jackson, Central and
First avenues. Mission property remains dull
of sale and low In price. Lots out by the Pan
handle of the Park district are dull of sale.
In Northern Counties the
• Hydraulickers Are Out -
of Water.
Naval VMili tia Will Cruise on
the Philadelphia -in '.;-,
Dealers in Realty ReportLate
Transactions With
Prices.
Band to Be Mustered In
for the Boys Who:
: 'Red.
Preparing Reports Upon
Varied "Wealth of
Counties. .
All City: Districts Have
Good Outlook;for.
Improvement.
ARTILLERYMEN
OUT TOR DRILL
RICH MINERALS
ARE THE STUDY
MONTH'S SALES
MARK PROGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, AUGUST 4. 1901.
19
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
points East. Through ticket* to all
¦ point*, nil rail "i" Rtenm»h!n and rail, at
Only Ste*mahlp Xilxx* t«»
o. r:& n. co.
• RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at 13 noon.
Kensington ..August 14 Southwark ......Sept. 4
•Zeeland ..:...August 21 Vaderland Sept. 11
Friesland August 28 Kensington Sept. 13
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
KBW TORK. 80CTHAMPT0H. L09D0S. PA3I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. ra.
St Louis August 14 St. Louis.. Sept. 4
•Zeeland August 21 Philadelphia . . . 8ept. U
St. Paul August 2S St. Paul Sept. IS
AMERICAN LINE.
LOWER YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For freight over this route, quick dispatch la
assured; to the traveler, comfort and quick
time.
The White Pass and Yukon Routs la tha
Summer Tourist's Paradise.
E. C. HAWKINS. General Manager. Seattla,
Wash.
¦» • J. FRANCIS LEE, Traffic Manager.
Slcaguay, Alaska: Seattle, Wash.
M. P. BRASCH. Com. Agent,
638 Market St.. City.
To the ATXiEf, "WHITE HORSB, HOOTA-
LINQUA. BIG SALMON, STEWART RIVER,
KLONDIKE and TUKON MINEfO DIS-
TRICTS.
Ocean steamers connecting with Tail lisa at
Ekaguay, Alaska.
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICE BB-
TWEEN SKAGUAT AND WHITE HORSE.
Special Steamer from. White- Horse to Hoota-
lir.qua and -Bis Salmon mines.
¦ Direct connection made at WHITE HORSE
WITH BRITISH YUKON NAVIGATION
COMPANY'S FLEET OF FINE STEAMERS
TO DAWSON.
Connections made at DAWSON FOR ALL
WHITE PASS AND
YUKON ROUTE.
As the above goods are all remnant pieces we cannot fill orders for
samples— none sold to dealers.
For sale at Market-street store only.
— N-O-T-I-C-E —
For sale at Market-street store only.
Remnants of English Flannelette—
A good heavy flannelette for . nightgowns, skirts and wrappers-
stripes and checks ; predominat e, in all good colors— our I2j^c grade
on remnant tables to-morrpw. 9c Yard
nant tables at .' 5c Yard
A, good heavy quality, suitable for outing suits, separate skirts, capes,
. - etc.— 52 inches wide and every thread wool — sponged, shrunk* fast
' midnight black and an elegant fabric— sells off • the -.reel for 75c and
85c"- a yard — any remnant in the lot ,*.49c Yard
_. For sale at Market-street store only.
Remnants of Wash Goods—
For waists, dresses or wrappers — a miscellaneous ' assortment of
Batiste lawns and dimities — small patterns with fancy stripe open work
in all the newest shades— also remnants of black and navy crepe, our
great i2^c and 15c grades, in lots from 3 to 12 yards long, on rem-
Remnants of Black -Venetian Cloth—
25c and 35c goods in figured Brocatelle and fancy striped effects— for
children's dresses, wrappers, etc. — from 4 to 10 yard" lengths — from 34
to 38 inches wide — any remnant, beginning to-morrow.... lOe Yard
, For sale at Market-street store only. •
Remnants of Black English -Alpaca —
A miscellaneous lot of iron frame, , fine silk finish Sicilian weave-
also some small figured effects— the genuine Bradford mills make — a
perfectly fast black— 38 inch alpaca selling everywhere at 50c a yard—
\ for separate skirts, traveling costumes and bathing auits^ — beginning
to-morrow, any remnant in this lot ................26c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Remnants of Scotch Homespun Suitings—
In. shades of gray, light, medium and dark — also in brown and dark
V blue mixtures — a fine," firm doth for tramQing skirts, 1 Eton suits, cy-
cling, costumes, etc. —^36 inches wide— in lengths of from 2 to 9 yards
. — regular 50c quality; beginning to-morrow 25c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only. -V*
This has been' the greatest remnants sale in our his-
tory — some remnants are marked at less than one-half the
original sale price — there are only a few days more of the
remnant sale- — we have made deeper cuts to hasten the sale,
and tHis week we expect to do the greatest remnant busi-
ness in our history. . • _ . ...V.-. -; ., ¦ ,,. .
Remnants of Jacquard Novelty Saltings— , |
More Remnants on the Tables for the First Time To-
morrow.'
Great
Bargains!
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORCS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
fend South American. ports.. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
ACONCAGUA.. Aug. 6|GUATEMALA..Aug. a
PERU Angr. 16IPALENA Sept 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and - South American passenger service. .
{No change- at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIB St CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
BAY ANI> RTVEB STEAMERS.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting - at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc.- No cargo received on board on
day of sailing:. •
SS AMERICA MARU... Saturday, Aug. 10. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU .....
. •....'.......'....'.Wednesday, September 4. 1S01
ES. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. "September 27, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market Btreet. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
1:46 ¦•• m., 1:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday,. 9:13 a. m., 1:30 p.m. Leavs*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. « p. m., txeepe
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 v. m. Far» M
cents. Telephone Mala 1508. Landlaat and of-
fice. Dler *. Ml— ten— t. <w>. HATCH WRO8L
FOR VS. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
J. D. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Baneral Agents, 327 Karkat St
Gen'l Passangar Offics, 643 Markst St., Pier No. 7. Pacific St
S, S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..........
' ..."..,:.....%;.... ..Tuesday, August 6, 10 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu .
.".. Saturday. Ausrust 10, 2 p.m.
S S. SONOMA, for Honolulu," Samoa, New
Zealand and Aus....Thurs.. Aug. 22, 10 a. ra.
lir (rllBlSSL.?* Ti.OL ZEALAND »»0 SYDNEY,
r> .Cabin,' $103; Steerage. $fO; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll «ail» Monhy, Aug. 12
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Aug. 26
S. S. Argyll sal's Tuesday, Sept. 24
¦ . -¦¦;- Erom Steuart street at 2 p. m. . ' :
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market it.
- F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.- . «
PANAMA R^ B&HS!
TO NEW; YORK VIA ?ANAWA DIRECT.
APPLY AT ONCE TO
J. C. WILSON &G0.^
900 BA1TERY STREET, ban Francisco.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and i upward. ¦ GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 .-Broadway (Hudson buildinsr). New
Tork. J. F. FUG AZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. " 5 Montgomery avenue, San ¦, Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.'
. v *Twlr. '.Screw -Express Steamers.- :- ¦ -
C0MPAONIE ; . GENEKAM * TRAN3ATLASTIQUB
DIRECT, LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. : »"^.^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead or •dSBSl
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, »3«K*J»
North River, foot of Morton street; LaGas-
cogn<\ Ausrust S; "1/ Aqultaine. August 15; La
Norir-andle, August ¦ 22; La Bretagrne, August 29.
STEADY WORK Guaranteed at Good Wages.
WANTED!
~ • .,*¦*.* — - ¦ .
Doubtless this statement of :. a cure I and
positive; preventive of -^ hay ', fever will" be
received with "skepticism by the thousands
who have f ound. the only relief every year
wasa change or climate during the sutri^
mer months." '-/;>.. - : V» -l^- : >
-But whether skeptical or nbtit will' cost
rothlrig.to investigate, this new treatment.
Simply send name and address on a postal
card to \ F.' ; A." Stuart". Co.', : Marshall, Mich.;
f or, the booklet, • which . besides , describing
the {.treatment 'contains ; a concise ; treatise
en the cause ! and : character of this "¦ pecu-
liar disease.; -
Sufferers from.; hay fever and summer
catarrh; will \ be 'interested "to. 1 learn that
there is a f newj' . simple, Inexpensive but
effective ' home- treatment', for 'this obsti-
nate and bdffliriV disease, •and that, a' little
booklet fully * describlne theV
will be mailed free to any one by. address-
ing the -F. A. . Stuart | Co.', } Marshall, Mlchi
OF SPECIAL: INTEREST
| ' To Hay l?ev$r Sufferers/ -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
OCEAN TBAVEZi.
OCEAN T3AVEL.
« Steamers leave Broadway
S^ Wharf. San Francisco:
HSiLt. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
WjRSJIg^ July 15, 20, 25, 30, August 4.
EKj«*3%jjt Change to company's steam-
' IC(»E3\^ ers at Seattle. „.
BS^SiSl \al For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fl8*iC£'Si''2? C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
1 and New Whatcora (Wash.)—
wa *3» 11 a. m... July 15. 20, 25, 30,
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Chanse
at • Seattle for this company's steamers ror
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. By.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
>For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— l:30p. m..
July 11. 16, 21. 26. 31, Auk. 6, and every fifth
da For tl San a Dle r go. stopping only^at Sant* Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)-Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra. .
fteamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
a VSr* Los Angeles." calling at Sant* Crw
Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer
Corona, Saturdays, 9 a. . m. ; steamer Banna,
T Fo S r a^nsenada. I Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
For "further Information obtain company's
The company reserves the right to. change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without urevioua notice. ¦
- TICKET OFFICE- 4 New .Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
IiOW^SST lEV/VXTEIS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and HEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA....... i !
Sails Aus. 1. 11. 21. 31. Sept. 10. 20. 20
SS. GEO. "W.- ELDER
....Sails Auk. 6, 16, 26. Sept. 5. 15. 25
D.TV.HITCHCOCK.GEN.AKt..l Montgm'y, S.F.
| Friedman's Furniture
2 lllCt" k* nt °f what you may sec in our
I J UOL Hne of Ha]1 Trees> Carvings whh
P strength and grace befitting the royal oak. Every,
P hall tree need js here. Many beautiful ones from
I $25 to $50. Among those suitable for small halls
I and rooms, in golden oak, as low as $4.90.
I .
I I ij^p O Glimpse in a harem, said a vis-
I 7^ itor of the Papery Department
I the other day. She referred to the cosy corners and
I Oriental draperies. But the things' for. comfort
I and utility have not been _ neglected— Table-sets,
I spreads and linen by the piece, Blankets, Comforts
I and Curtains from the plainest to the richest.
I T-Joilcl£lV Times over and the child-
| J renonce more at school,
I you may have time to select the new carpet you've
I intended to have "this fall; Richer and more.va-
§ ried grow the patterns each season. We will have
I what you want it but it is well to come early and
often to get acquainted, with so big a stock.
I (_ "The Credit House." Six Stories High.
I Sis priv'::t o c n h e « B , e
B.XATSGHINSXI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
BUY NOW PRICES
LOWER THAN EVER.
We have taken stock and have
decided to close out several broken
lines of ladles' vlci kid three-strap
, sandals, bronze sandals, o£era and
commonsense slippers, and will of-
fer them for 85, cents a pair. . :
ALSO broken lines of ladles' pat-
ent leather Oxford ties. Southern
ties, cloth "or kid top Oxfords.* Will
close them out at; 85 cents a pair.
We have the following sizes: •
AA wide. 4 to 6 I C wide, 2% to 8
A wide. 3\b to 7% I D wide,' 2% to 8 '
B wide, 3 to 7%' I E wide, 2V4 to 7VS
Ladies', misses' and • children's *
button and lace , shoes with sprin&-
• heels,- In black or tan, coin or square
toes and tips. Odd lines all bunched'
together will be ¦ sacrificed at the ¦
¦following prices:
Child's sizes, 6 to 11. ........ .55c
Misses' sizes,' 11% to 2 75c
Ladles' size3, 2^0 6..'.. ...... 85c
We have ; 'no '¦ branch stores nor
.traveling, salesmen.
We do rot guarantee to fill coun- ¦
try orders on these shoes. ;.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO^
• 10 THiRDlSTREET, - ;<r
¦• t San Francisco. . .
¦ . ¦: m - -'¦ '-"-¦ * ¦¦ - t ¦ ¦-¦ ¦ ' -.,.-¦
;-i-.-^. v>'-7.-;".r--..^Vt.-V:.:- :.- ,: ,.-)t.' J . ¦
Si per 'Year.
tDR. N6 TOY KEE.
210 STOCKTON ST.. < •
San Francisco. Cal.
Has recently - established '
the Tea and Herb Saalu- .
rlum In this city. All man-
* ner of diseases, both exter- •
nal and Internal, and . all
manner of local diseases ara
skillfully treated without
performing - any klo4 • or
¦ operation "whatever. ¦ 'Sacramento Wins.
LOS ANGELES, Aug.- 2.^-Joue» crew caj-e
iaae after ha vlr e bis game well In band and
: BRISTOL. R. I.; Aug.' 3.— The new, large
steel mast for the Constitution .was placed
In i position to-day~and^the": riggers com
menced, at once setting up the new stand-
Ing r rigging*', : ', t . :' '- - ~.~ ¦-;
Steel Mast, Placed.
' LONDON,* Aug. : 3— The American liner
StiLtouis.' which aalledfrom Southampton
to-day, has on board a duplicate 'outfit ; of
sails and gear for s the Shamrock II.
Hon." Charles : Russell will .probably repre
sent Si r, Thomas Lipton on board the cup
defender.? Slri Thomas continues -hopeful
regarding^the^ challenger. Is anxious
to know, which American' boa t will ., be ¦ de
cided upon, as the defender. .. s -
Carries Shamrock's Sails.
NEW v ,ypRK, : Aug. 3.-Frank Kramer
won : the*half-mlle national bicycle cham
pionship by V half '-a. wheel's length from
_ Major .Taylqf. at iVailsburg.N. J., to-day.,
' ' v The", start was :'a* fiasco, neither man
imaklng an effort^ 1 :
Kramer. Beats Taylor.
DEXi MONTE. Aug. 3.— A .match game
of polo was played at the Del Monte race
track this, afternoon between two Bur
lingame - teams — R. . M. Tobin. Joe f To-bln",
T. Driscoll and Charles Baldwin on I- one
side and Walter, Hobart. Cyril ; Tobin, F.
J. Carolan . and . H. Howard on the oth er.
The former won by a' score of 5 to 3. -The
players arrived here during the week and
intend to practice aaily.-wlth-.; a< match
game every -Saturday, in preparation for
the big polo tournament that : will stake
place, here August 22 and 23. The ground
was in fine condition to-day and the playw
ers had good sport.' v. . .
Polo at Del Monte. V.
- LONDON, -Aug. 3 —The .team, of British
cricket I players captained • ' by :, B. J. T.
Bosanquet ;who r are- to visit;-- the^ United
States will ¦) sail/ from Southampton • Sep
tember ,'4.. They ,will;rernaln' in the United
States 'about' a' month, during which - time
they will play | three matches in > Philadel
phia and ; others I In 'New '.York and Balti
more, and possibly.wlll. visit Canada. '¦ The
team will consist of l Frank 'Mitchell, L. J.
Moon;- RAT>More, ? C. J.} Burnup. . P. P.
Robertson,. A. T.Holllns.iE.M.: Dowson.
Mr. '-, Bosanquet i and . three \ others. - ' c The
team , is not • a %ver>' ¦ strong^ one, ' owing to
the fact; that a' majority: of. the" best crick
eters are going to Australia/**'; •
Players ,Who Will Visit This Country,
-: in September, Are v ~
*-"-!' i\ ; /Named. :-"'i"v \...- ' \
ENGLISH CBICKETTRA.M
- -^ IS NOT VERY STRONG
NEW. YORK, Aug. "3.— The five great
pace followers,'- Bobby, "Walthour, Jimmy
Michael. Johnny Nelson, Harry Elkes and
Archie McEachernl were toimeet on the
Manhattan Beach bicycle track "this after
noon to compete ina thirtyrflve-mile race.
At the last moment, however, it was an
nounced that Elkes would, not race. It
was said that his , physician had refused
to permit him to do so. -The other four
entered the contest.,. .Walthour won the
race, his time being 54:05 3-5. .McEachern
was second. Nelson third - and ' Michael
fourth. The/first' mile Michael led.dolng
the distance in 1:30^' thus breaking the
world's ; record ;byy one and two-flfths sec
onds. ';¦' -"•-"'" - •
Bobby « Wai thour Finishes" T?\x6t In
v^; Mile iBicycle
-¦¦-- RaceV v -..
JIMMY .MICHAEL BREAKS
'ANOTHER OLD RECORD
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 3.— A golf tourna
ment was held this afternoon on the local
links for trophies in, the shape of two sil
ver, cups given by Graham 1 Babcock. It
was a handicap tournament, being': a
mixed foursome over eighteen holes. The
tournament was won by ; Mr. and , Mrs.
Charles Christensen, with a net score of
35. 'W. B. Murray and Miss M. Burro wb
were second, with a score •' of 41. The
other players and scores were as follows:
Mr and Mrs. D. E.. Skinner 46, R. H. In
gram and /Miss Hopkins 46; Mr. and Mrs.
\V. H.; Fitzhughv47, Mr., and Mrs. J. J.
Crooks 48, Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Curtis 48,
Mr. and Mrs.' William Gerstle 49, Mr. and
Mrs. F. S. Johnson '49," Mr." and Mrs.' I* A.
Wright 50,; Mr. * and Mrs. George :- Heazle
ton 56, Sir. and Mrs. Hooper • 59; Graham
Babcock and " Mrs." \ F. Greene 62, Mr. and
Mrs.. W. J. Casey 65, Mr. and Mrs. Vin
cent Neafe 71. — -. ....
Links.
Holes Played on San Rafael
Mixed Foursomes Over Eighteen
HANDICAP TOURNAMENT
WON BY CHRISTENSENS
During the coming week the largest
number of craft belonging to _ttie San
Francisco Yacht Club that has been seen
for many years on the Sacramento River
will rendezvous at "Walnut" ; Grove. Vice
Commodore R; S. Bridgman • left Sausa-
Uto on Thursday . evening In the sloop
Thetis, having on board Mrs. Bridgman,
Miss Edith Bridgman and three young
men. On Friday evening A, C. Lee and
three friends started on the annual cruise
in the sloop Surprise. Yesterday morning
at 7:30 W. M. Edgell and W. G. Morrow
set sail from Sausalito in the yawl Royal,
intending to carry the flood tide all day
and make Suisun in the evening. Mrs.
Edgell and two children will go" ashore at
Suisun, while the -two men-will come;
down Suisun. Creek and meet the rest of
the yachts at Walnut Grove. The sloop
Mischief made a start at 9 o'clock in the
morning, having on board W. Hum
phreys, his brother and three friends.
Shortly before noon the . yawl Phyllis
made sail, having on board the Follans
bee brothers, Harry. Dot and Dr. Blake.
In the evening Dr. T. L. Hill got under
way in the sloop Cygnus. aboard of which
were Mrs. T. L. Hill, Mrs. C. B. Hill and
HenryG. Toll. -: : -' .
There was a good breeze in. the channel
yesterday, and besides the yachts already
mentioned cruises were taken by the
schooners Chispa, and, Ramona .and the
yawl Tram on tana. On board the flagship
were ex-Commodore Carl "Westerfeld and
ex- Vice Commodore Andrew Thome of
the Corinthian Yacht Club. It is possible
that H. R. Simpkins may . pay a visit to
Santa Catalina in the yawl -Tramontana,
In company with jF. Me Williams in the
schooner Ramonaj H. R. Simpkins, how
ever, has already lived for six. weeks on
his yacht during the present- season. - ; ¦
Club Burgee Will Rendezvous
at Walnut Grove.
Six Craft Plying the San* Francisco
SAITSALITO YACHTSMEN
STABT ON RIVER CRUISE
Ttuns responsible _ for — Whalen 3, Johnson 2.
Hodscn 2. Two-base hits— Dunleavy, Babbitt,
Moskiman, Reilly. Sacrifice -hits— Hildebrand
2. Dunlea\T.' Ix)hman. First: base on errors—
San Frsncieco 1, Oakland " 1. First . base on
called balls— San Francisco 4. Oakland 4. Left
on base* — San Francisco 9, Oakland 6. Struck
cut— By Whalen lO^by Johnson 3. . Double
plaj-s— Eagan to Arrellanes; King to Pabst.
Wild pitch— Whalen. Time of game— Two houra
e.nd fli-e minutes. Umpire— Graves. • Official
•corer— McFarlinl r ¦ '
6an Francisco * 00010. 1 t 0 0 2— «
Base tits ©02012 3.00 3—11
Oakland .-• « 1 0 !•"« 0 0 11 0—4
Base hita 0 2 0 2 0 0 0 2 10-7
SUMMART.
Totals • 31 4 7 4 SO 14 8
•Bitted for Johnson in the ninth inning.
KCNS AKD HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. 6B. PO. A. K.
Brerman. cf 4 1, 1 1 4 0 0
Lohman. c .: « 0/ 0 05 II
Ftreib. lb 5 o/ 1 1 10 0 " 0
Kagan. 2b 4 1 1 0 1 4 1
l>unlca^-y. If 8 J J ? i 2 °
Francks. B» 4 0 1 1-2-3 0
Arrellaacs. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 3 0
Babbitt, rf 2 1110 0-0
.¦tonnpon, p 3 0 0 0 1 3 J
•Mofckiraan 1 « 1 0 0 0 0
Hodson. p 0OO0OOO
San Trancisco 6, Oakland 4.
— - The mantle of misfortune still clings to
the shoulders of Hodson. Oakland's luck
less twirier. When Mosklman temporarily
eaved the gamo in the ninth inning yes
terday at Recreation grounds by being
put in to bat and tied the score with a
long drive to deep center the Dudes
chances for a victory looked fair and rea
eonably sure. But then came Hodson,
yyYCti evil in his wake. He relieved John
son from slab work, and Frisco landed
three times for hard raps, scoring two
runs Oakland could do nothing In the
tenth turn, and for the first time this
. series Henry's men walked home with
Jieads up in the air.
The game seesawed from start to fin
ish. First it was Oakland, then it was
San Francisco; then Oakland again, and
in the ninth Frisco had the lead. But
before this inning was concluded the 6core
read four all. "With two men under the
gravestones. Babbitt sauntered to first on
four bad ones. According to the order
Johnson was next up. but Moskiman, who
is a good sticker, was substituted for the
noisy man. Mnskiman toed the scratch
and his double scored Babbitt.
It was Joy for Oakland, but short-lived
5oy at that. Then Hodson began his plate
evolutions. Papst hit him and Krug hit
Wm. the "Brewer" going to third. Then
Keilly hit him, and the bellboy knew two
rings were coming to the local team. This
made the score 6-4. and so It stood until
the end. The score: £?££
SAN FRANCISCO. -/
AB. B. BH. EB. PO. A- E.
CroH. cf 3 1 0 0 2-0 0
Hlldebrand. If SO 1 0 0 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 6 0 11.3 3 C
Pabst. lb 6 1 8 0 U 1 0
Krus.es »* 2 2 1-1 6 1
JCorfyke. rf *4 10 1 1 0.0
J. idlUy. Sb 4 0 S 1 1 11
Bull! ran, c 6 0 1 0 11 1 0
p 6 11 0 0 1 0
Totals 39 « 11 4 SO 13 2
OAKLAND.
Open stake, first ' rtrand— Star Kennels' j Pick
pocket-beat A. Vanderwhite's 'Master Gordon,
10-7; G. Graham' s, Tyrone Prince: beat Sterl &
Knowles'' Olita. : 4-2; . . Captain - Clarkson'B
Prompto beat P. 1 J. - Nolte's Silver i L.yon,*;9-6;
El ; Geary's Ireland beat H. ' L. • Meharry's
Roxana, 6-0; Star Kennels" Hersohel's - Pride
beat J. N. Perigo's Faraway, ; 6-1 ; ; P.'.J. i Mc-
Inerney's Norah beat Ster! & Knowles'. For
Liberty. 16-5; F. Cox's. Crockett; Hill beat D.
Krskine's Lavender, ,• 4-2; ¦; W.vJ. 'Leonard's
Tom Hurlick beat D. . J. Healey s 1 Lady Clare,
5-4; E. Geary's -America beat Charles Plckard's
Bright Gold. 16-6: A.' R. CurtisVFly by Night
beat T. * J.} Mclnerney's \ Rosle^R.;" 4-0; A. R.
Curtls'.Vulcan beat P.- J.,Re;Uy's ifbyal iUnion,
12-8:* D. J. Healey*B J Sisquoc. ¦ a- 'bye; 'Aeneid
Kennels' Agamemnon beat Ed -Neave's First
Foot. 4-2; Star Kennels' <Came Boy beat*. Pasha
Kennels' - Rocker, ' 4-0; A. '• R.' Curtis'^ Loyal . Lad
beat.T. J. Mclnerney's Reglna'R.:6-6;Chlarlni
Brothers' Dewdrop beat D. • J; Healey's (Tlbu
ron. 11-3; E. ' M. Kellogg's Sweet '¦ Emma beat
Captain Clarkson's Miss Brunamell, 6-2;*P. M.
Palo Alto is 2 to 1 in the long odds
book; Dewdrop and Flying Fox are next
at 6 to 1.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:,-
Tyrone Prince, Ireland.' r Herschel's
Pride. Tom Hurlick, America, Sisquoc,
Game Boy, Dewdrop, Narcissus, Sir Pitt,
McKinley, Honesty, Shadow, Anchor,
Flying Fox, Spiteful, Blackhead, Palo
Alta, Wedgewood, Castaway and Sir
Pasha. , . iiif.--.:'- ! •;.-
A good illustration of 'coursing "'luck
was. shown' in the work of -¦ Lady Clare.
The talent unwisely and -- without
strong reason made the: Lady a 10
to 1 favorite over Tom Hurlick. J The St.
Lawrence dog won by a score "of 5 '.to 4
to the disgust of the wise ones. Later in
the stake Sisquoc, who was on the card
to course with Silver Cloud, was forced
to run a bye. Lady Clare was selected to
go against him and 'because of her ex
ercise with Tom Hurlick was naturally
placed on the short end. Five to 1 one was
the crice the talent offered and' this time
the Lady offended her former backers by
beating- her opponent.- •-¦ • ¦: :¦
Railway Boy, .entered by D. Donovan,
made his initial run with Iowa Boy. as his
opponent. He. proved another surprise to
the bettors, and after a course , which
went over .the limit he scored 28. to the
Boy's 14.- Kellogg's dog was a 5 to' 1
choice. : Other short ends were: Prompto
beat Silver Lyon at 6 to I; Boney -Boy
beat Ripple at 4 to 1; Pickpocket beat
Master Gordon; Fly by Night beatRosie
R; Mose beat. Fontenoy; Best -. Bargain
beat Jlmmie Anthony at 2 to 1; Crockett
Hill beat Lavender; Modest Lad beat
Brutus at 5 to 3;. Hot Haste beat;' War
Eagle at 5 to 2. vj : ¦ ¦ -\ , '
The saplings 'were a green lot. Satan
ella beat Pasha Girl at 4 itt> 1; Cobweb
beat Pasha Belle at 5 to.2;*Lady Lou beat
at 6 to 3. .' V
• Likely second round winners in the open
stake are: •-._; •• • . ¦ • ¦, •- .- ¦
One of the features of the day was the
course between Palo Alto, the old cam
paigner, and Sterl & Knowles' puppy,
Freeze Out. The youngster is^a Futurity
candidate and her past showings have
installed her a favorite for stake honors in
that event. As the pair left the slips 'the
older dog went to the . front "and scored
three points. 'Then Freeze Out Joining In
took possession and by clever work ran
up a total of six. It looked bad for Alto'
while the little one was on the game, for
at any time»had she killed it would have
given -her the flag. As it was the cham
pion got in for a couple of wrenches and
a turn and dispatched the game, gaining
the decision by a solitary /point." . . ¦
Thirteen 6hort ends, «om« at good
strong odds, made the rundown of the
open stake at Union Park yesterday quite
pleasurable sport from the 'pikers' point
of view. ,
The second event was for ..the -2:17 class
pacers. > The entries were C. -AVhitehead's
Toppy, T. Clancv's Direct C. E. W. Run
yon's, Banker's Daughter, .A. H.v Cohen's
Advertiser, - Vendome Stock Farm's Our
Boy's Sister, D.F.'Oglesby's Nellie' I. C.
W..Farrar's El Diablo. J. LI Smithes Gaff
Topsail and . \V. G.' Lay ng-'s . Sir Albert S:
When . the j word was " given; it j was rto , a
straggling start. Sir Albert got away last.
The leaders ;were Freddie C,' Our Boy's
Sister and: Toppy. ; Groom. took Sir Albert
around , the ; eight' 'contestants, and at' the
quarter, was leading a length. < At the half
Freddie C: came up, to: -him. and
like a team; they, led the big field of pacers
by: three lengths. \On entering, the stretch
Sir. AlberfS. drew, away and won In com
paratively ! easy manner in'2:ll?4. •; Toppy.
In the second heat Puerto Rico. was 3 .to
5, even-money could <be found on Flora
dora, Prince <L was listed at. 10/ Thomas
R at 10 and Zambra at 10. « As soon as the
word was : given Bunch took : his horse.
Thomas R, to the front and Floradora and
Prince L were at'his wheel; He gradually
drew away- from them and won with ease,
Floradora quitting badly -in the stretch.
Puerto. Rico got away last, broke at the
first turn and.was just outside .the-dis
tance flag when ' Thomas R .was at - the
wire, but the judges allowed him to start
again. Time, ' 2:17Vi- . Florado^a: and Prince
L led like a team to the head 6f the home
; stretch when Puerto . Rico took , the lead
away from f them,' and. beat them to the
wire in 2:21V4.; In the next two heats this
good, 'game son of Sable Wilkes 'jogged
in a winner in 2:18^ and 2:19^. -./.
The first race called was lor the 2:29
class trotters. The entries and ¦'., prices
were; Puerto Rico 2, Princo L. 5, fc'lora
dora4 to 5, Thomas R 3, ¦ Roxie 30, Al
monado 15, Zambra 15. , Floradora - took
the lead and Prince L.was at, her shoul
der,, with Puerto Rico a length behind.
The rest were strung along in one. i two,
three order. At. the half Puerto Rico
passed Prince I>, and with a splendid dis
play of skill Donathan' almost caught the
easy-going Lafferty, at -the wire, being
only a head behind Floradora. Time,
2:18^4. Roxie and Almonado • were dis
tanced. ¦ . . - . •'--.¦_: ¦
"The bay gelding Dan Burns/ -sired by
William Harold, dam Linda, paced to beat
2:26. He made a record of 2:23%. Then
Cyrene,- by Guide, out-, of Alica R, by
Nanbuc, trotted a mile in 2:27^.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. ; 3.— The closing
day of the races given by the Pacific
Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' Associa
tion was one long. to be remembered by
those who were present. Besides two well
contested races, which were only decided
at the wire, the remarkable performance
of the Diablo colt, Sir Albert S, in the 2:17
class pace proved conclusively that he is
the greatest green pacer ever foaled In
'¦California. V Against nine contestants,
each one 'having remarkable speed, get
ting the worst of the first send-off and go
ing around all- those in front of "him, he
won easily in 2:11%. Then in the next
heat, being carried to every quarter-post
by one or two of the others, he came in
under a pull in 2:13. One horse. El Diablo,
who had shown his ability to go in* 2:10 on
Wednesday, was considered so good that
the' bookmakers offered no odds upon him,
'while. 2 to 1 was offered on Albert S. In
the next heat the little fellow, ably driven
by J. Groom, had a battle to the half with
Freddy C in l:03, : to the three-quarter pole
with the "good thing," El Diablo, in 1:33,
and then jogged home' under a pull in the
remarkable time of 2:08%, never ! making
a skip or break, but going so easily that
many horsemen pronounced him the com
ing two-minute pacer of America, He was
Just beginning to get ready to go when the
race ended. ,t, '
NEWPORT, R. I.. Aug. S.-The Inde
pendence to-day sailed the greatest race
° „« K r , Car f er - In a stlff southwester.
which raised a rather heavy sea. she was
beaten forty seconds over a triangular ~
course of thirty miles by the Columbia.
As she allowed the Columbia thirty-one
seconds over that distance she was de
feated one minute and eleven seconds cor
rected time. This is a better showing than
the Constitution has made against the
Columbia under similar conditions of
wind, sea and weather.
On the first leg of the triangle, which
was a beat to windward, the Columbia
gained more than three minutes. No of
ficial time was taken at either the first
or second marks, so these figures are only
approximately correct. The regatta com
mittee estimate that on the second leg of
the course, which was a broad reach with
the wind abaft the starboard beam, the
Independence gained one minute and fif
teen seconds on her opponent, while on
the last leg of the course, which was
sailed with the wind on the port beam,
she gained thirty-five seconds.
The- last leg was the most exciting. The
breeze was puffy and at times had great
weight in it. Being about abeam, the
yachts felt Its full strength. Sometimes
the lee rail of the Independence was com
pletely submerged and the water on deck
rushed off in a torrent over the taffrail.
Never before had she heeled to such a
pronounced extent In a public perform
ance. It was noticed that when th©
squalls were the heaviest the Independ
ence steered very wild and that two men
at the wheel could not keep her steady on N
her course. The yawing about was so 1
pronounced that she would come up into
the wind until the luff of the jib topsail
quivered as though she were close hauled
and essaying a fisherman's luff. A minute
or two later she would be running wide
off her courss and covering an ample ¦
stretch, of the ocean, leaving behind her
a serpentine wake. While* the Independ
ence was performing this zigzag work the
Columbia was going through the water
straight, attending strictly to business
and heading for Brentons Reef lightship.
So far as sails were concerned the Inde
pendence had the worst of it. She was
handicapped by a working gaff topsail,
which on the ten-mile stretch to wind
ward was more or less of, a backsail. and
which in the two reaches that followed
had very little pulling or propelling pow
er. Another sail that prevented her from
making a better record was the medium
sized Jib topsail, which was set after
passing the first mark. This sail con
tributed largely to her wild steering, and
when it was taken in she felt the benefit
of . its balance. Mr. Lawson, her , owner,
observed her behavior from his steam
yacht Dreamer.
With regard to the performance of the
Columbia, she was sailed admirably. The
only mishap that befell her was the foul-
Ing of the jib sheet when off Point Judith
on the windward leg. This necessitated
a short tack, so that it might be cleared,
but she lost little by it. While the Inde
pendence was encountering the series of
squalls en the homeward leg the Colum
bia by no means escaped them. The masts
of both buckled considerably, and the Co
lumbia heeled over at times as much as
the Boston boat. Also she steered on two
or three occasions almost as wildly as the
Independence, but she was got under con
trol and steadied on her course far more ¦
quickly.
The thirty-mile course, ten miles of '
which were dead in the wind's eye. was
covered to two hours, fifty-one minutes
and forty-eight seconds by the) Columbia.
making it one of the fastest on record.
Exciting Race With Co-*
lumbia on Triangular
Course.
Beats Young Freeze Out
When Defeat Seems
Inevitable. .
Locals Win Their First
Game of This
Series.
Green Pacer Makes a
Hit at Sacramento
Meeting.
PALO ALTO HAS
LUCK TO SPARE
TEN INNINGS
OF SEESAW BALL
SIR ALBERT
WINS LAURELS
Runs responsible for— Jones 3, Btrlcklett 1.
Three-base ' bit— Bowman. Two-base ! hits-
Stanley 2. Sacrifice hits— McGucken. Stricklett.
First base on error— Los Angeles 1. First
base on called balls— Sacramento 2; Los Ange
les 3. Left on bases — Sacramento 3, Los Ange
les 4. Struck out— By Jones 7, by Stricklett 4.
Double plays— Stanley to Courtney, Jones to
Kelly to Hutchinson. Time— 1:27. Umpire-
Levy. ¦ '.
SUMMARY.
Base hits 0 18.00000 0—4
Sacramento 0000 0030 0—3
Base hits 001021200—6
Los Angeles 0 110 0 0 0 0 0—2
Totals .....30 2 4 0 27 11 0
BUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. rf 3 10 0 0 0 0
Reitz. 2b 4. 0.1 0 0 0 6
Hutchlnson. lb...... 3 0 1 0 11 0 0
Householder, cf .4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Bowman, If 3 1*20800
Reilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 6 2 0
Kelly, es 3 0 0 0 3 6 0
Jones, p... ...3 0 0 0 0 4 0
Total* 29 3 6 0 . 27 12 2
LOS ANGELES. <
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. ss 8 0 00 1 11
McLaughlln. If 4 0 0 0 110
Courtney, 2b 3_1 0 01 1 0
Doyle, rf. 4 1 0 0 0 0 0
Stridden, p 3 0 1 0 1 4 0
Stanley, c 4 1 1 0 6 10
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 2 0 0 4 1
McGucken, cf 2 0 2 0 2 0 0
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 15 0 0
Sacramento • then scored - enough runs to win.
Score:
Trotting and pacing, Aigeltinger stake, for
members of the Golden Gate Driving Club
Steve S (Sweet).... :.....-... J*j 1
Butcher Boy (Croner)......... tit
Menlo -Belle (Richardson)..; 3 a,
Denny Healey (Culcello) d
Belle Hanson. (Dalziel) a
Tinle— 2:20%, 2:26%. 2:30%.
Trotting against - time — Cyrene, by Guide
(Simpson).- Time, 2:27%. - V
Pacing against 2:26— Daii Burns, by "William
Harold (Simpson). - Time. 2:23%. '
Time— 2:11%. 2:13, 2:08%.
Pacing, 2:17 class, purse J1000.
Sir Albert S. by Diablo (Groom).. Ill
Freddie C (Trefry) 2 2 3
El Diablo (Farrar) : 6 3 2
Toppy (Whttehead) 3 4 4
Our Boy's Sister (Bunch) 7 7 d
Advertiser (Lafferty) 4 6 d
Banker's Daughter (Brown) ; 8 5 d
Gaff Topsail (Smith)... 5 d
Nellie I-(Donathan)...;... 9 a
was tbird and the rest were scattered
along to the draw gate. The mile for the
winner was as good at 2:09.
S. H. Hoy was substituted for W. Tre
fry in the next heat. After repeated scor
ing Starter Gray gave the word. Toppy
set the pace, but Sir Albert S came up to
him at the first eighth and clearly and
easily outpaoed the big field.' Coming to
the v.ire Freddie C, Topoy and El Diablo
came on with a rush,, but Sir Albert S
shook them off easily and won by a length
from Freddie C. El Diablo was third.
Nellie I and Gaff Topsail were distanced.
Our Boy's Sister. was withdrawn on ac
count of lamerfess. In the next heat the
rumor got around that Sir Albert S was
all out. and many thought he was, but
when he came out many wondered at his
fine appearance, and great praise must be
accorded Groom for. the splendid man
ner in which he brought him to the post.
El Diablo had apparently laid up the oth
er heats and was fresh when the word
was given. Sir Albert S had Freddin C as
a contender, and he carried him to the
half in 1:03. Then El Diablo set sail for
him, but Sir Albert S had him beaten off
at the seven-eighths pole and jogged In
an easy winner in 2:08vi. El Diablo' was
second and Freddie C third. »
In i he /race for the Aigeltinger stakes,
for members' of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Club, there were six entries — B.
Croner's Butcher Boy, George L. Sweet's
Steve S, Joe Cuicello's Der.ny Htaly; I.
Dalziel's Belle Hanson and I* Richard
son's Menlo Belle. There was nothing to
this event, for Steve S won in straight
,heats in 2:20^, 2:26^4 and-2;30&.
Trotting, 2:20 class, purse $1000.
Puerto Rico, by Sable Wilkes (Cul
eello) .\ 2 Bill
Thomas R. (Bunch) V...... 4 15 2 2
Prince L (Brown)..... ;..V. 3 3 2 3 3
Floradora (Lafterty)..i.... 1 2 3 5 d
Zambra ( McDonald)... V... 5 4 4 4 d
Roxle (Kelly) .:........ „ d
Almonada (Delaney) . . . i d "
Time— 2:1SV4. 2:17%. 2:21^", 2:1SH, 2:13%.
Curtis' Narcissus beat B. . N. Whlteside 1 *
Greenback. 8-5; D. Donovan's Railway Bdy
beat E. M. Kellogg's Iowa'Lad, 28-14; E. M.
Kellogs's Modest Lad beat F. S.. Price's Bru
tus, 14-1; E. M. Curtis' Sir. Pitt >beat Pasha
Kennels' Rude Awakenlnff. 6-4; F. ¦• A. Mc-
Coombs' Hot Haste beat P. M. Curtis', War
Eagle, 24-14; A.. R. Curtis' Candelerla^. beat
Chiarlnl Brothers" "White Hat, 3-1; P. M. Cur
tis''McKinley beat. A. Vanderwhite's Montana
Belle, 4-0; P.M. Relay's Honesty beat A. Van
denvhlte's Copper. King," 5-4; A. R. CUrtls' Lord
Beaconsfleld beat- Pasha ; Ksnnels' Rustic Ar
bor, 10-7; J. Smith's Boney Boy beat Sterl-&
Knowles' Ripple, 3-2; P. M.- - Curtis' Shadow
beat W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells, 8-7; P. <M.
Curtis' Anchor beat J.- L. Ervin's" Password.
11-7; Aeneid Kennels' Achillas beat F. A. Mc-
Combs' Patriot, 3-2 ; Star Kennels' Master
Lawrence. beat Pasha Kennels'. Roped Arena.
6-0; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox beat Pasha Ken
nels' Lawrence./ 6-4; Ed Nea^e's Spiteful beat
F. A. McComb's Royal Flush, 8-5; Yosemlt«
Kennels' Mose beat Star \ Kennels' Fontenoy,
6-4: F. A. McCombs' Motto beat E. J. Mclner
ney's Johnny R. 10-2; Star Kennels' Blackhead
beat Chiarlnl Brothers' Bona Magnlflca. 14-0;
Sterl & Knowles" For Glory .beat P. Doyle's
Liberator, 6-4; E. Geary's Palo Alto beat Sterl
& Knowles' ~Freeze Out. 7-6; F. Jones' Wedge
wood beat E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha, 6-2; Star
Kennels' Mayflower beat Pasha Kennels' For
Freedom, 7-1; Ed Neave's Castaway beat J.
Smith's Master Workman, 3-2; L. F. Bartels'
Best Bargain beat F. A. Blanco's Jimmy. An
thony, 7-5;. F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat J.
A. Klein's Coronado, 12-6; Pasha Kennels
Real Article beat F. A. Blanco's Bill Foster,
Sapling stake, first round— W. C. Collier's
Satanella beat "E. M. Kellogg' s Pasha Girl.
8^2;- F. A. McComb's Cobweb beat P. Stein
hoft's Pasha Belle, 13-7; A. R. Curtis Moreno
beat J. C. Talbofs Lady Glanmlre, 5-0; F. A -
McComb's Fiery Friend beat E-. M. Kellogg 8
Hetty Green. 13-9; G. Graham's Emin Bey beat
Pasha Kennels' Reaching Ahead, 14-8: E. N.
Whiteslde's Flowery Friend beat J. C. Talbot s
Lady Passage, 4-0; E. N. Whlteside's Dora
Doe beat J. F. Rodger's Glaucus. 8-1; P. J.
Nolte's Lady Lou beat L. M. Connell s Re
public, 9-7. ¦ - - ¦ ' ' : ' " '
INDEPENDENCE
IS A HUMMER
THE SAN FBANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1901.
20
On - • ¦ :: 'j - ' - ; ¦'-'-'¦'¦ ~.\- : ¦:' '¦ ¦•'• '¦---..¦ '.- ; -::- r ' : "-- : -. .. ,-- \\ r --'.. . : . : - . ¦ " ¦ -'-¦ '•- •' ' ' - + M J
J »^»»»»»»»H»»m»»»#^W»WW44»»#W#W» WMW## g . ' t" — ' * ¦ V " ' ' ' ---¦-•¦¦•¦• , - u "1 f " V
ci . I I i^mrlt*UTT 1- ' ; '' ; '¦'¦'"¦' ¦ - :^^jin~~^ t W i f^^^^»^T si
PS I It Causes Itching Scalp, Brittle Hair, Failing ScaiesK: f ;/ .V> ¦¦ "^<..| S :i?-^^TNfrn^T^>^iH:;ii; ||||ll|ifc^ "jflTM 1 ' irvB J&uHliL ' J ¦ ¦ \ j
<^ § I You'll Have None of Those Evils and Annoyances I ;¦: , 1 )/„ f* fiSliSlifcW I
S| I The only way to cure Dandruff is to kill fhe DandrufE Germ. The only f - ; Jv . ,M \ l)| U5=^^^^^ C #®MC\ M\ '4 II H S
fij f preparation in the world made on the scientific basis of destroying the | ** x 'ft\ * - (I fff^ /III 'kr^sSk^nllmnMnU/l'' - B I
I § I |^ T" "¦¦ " ¦"•¦"" "H 9 I Jf \y ' ¦ ''' ¦"¦¦ X$Mfiir^(SiK f ' s
0 t JL 1 v Tt PLri V-r I "•• Wjffii ' ¦>;¦¦ >•;¦. ' ¦ /^0^^^j\9hi. '* . -- *¦¦ I
1 I ...:• II ¦¦ - . I •; ¦ ;: f ; - l • i
si i • ner picioe i . . ¦ i -•> . . - ¦- i u
S" I — ' A " — -^ — — I HAIR DRESSING SALOON, MASONIC TEMPLE, SAN FRANCISCO. B>
y a I AH Others Are Scalp Irritants or Sticky Grease | *~ ¦' — """"" — . :-;v.- : .. .; — ; .-. ..r ¦....¦; . ¦ . .'••'• :• ¦...' ¦"" " — ~~. — .'.' . ¦-.¦ . : ¦ , . . ~* | >
I Affairs. ' f *\ .— -— - — - — — . '/ '"' ,'.-''' — ' ' ' ' ._ ; — ¦ — — : A ¦ — : * , bC
/| I Ncwbro's Hcppicidc kills the Dandruff Germ: allays Itching in- f ' . Q A TI CP A r^TIOM TO All " £1
N| | stantlyx stops Falling Hair in a few days: impels New | H U I 1 lV/U 1 47/i I iJrAVl Ivil I V JT\L^L^ m mP
% Growth, and Makes Hair Soft as Silk. • «> . - — : = ' qC
cS I " jrewbro's Herpidde stopped* : * Y ' t . " Most Effective ; and Satisf Hctory " Article Ever Used in This-Shop. 1 i
JS % my hair from falling out— ' IVote ' % * 5C
\ g t Herbert Greenland, Portland, ~> %.' For the past two months or more I have been using HERPICIDE throughout my barber-shop, and it has given the ut- 8^
C§ ? Ore * meS?^ith HSSSde^thetcSi I most satisfaction to all my customers who have tried it. In all my thirty^ years' experience I have never used an article for Dan- i^»
ja | I consider Newbro's Herpi- &nd hair should b ' e | druff or other head annoyances with so effective and satisfactory results as your preparation. P. D. BERNHARD, H P
r B dde an xnxaiiiDie remedy lor • .. , , , - , . <*> . - - • - _•'.¦••.. ,^, -:..-. t s t^ <-> t- • : ~ *~> ¦> i • B v
)B <$>• i>andrufE.— w. A. Hathaway, thoroughly, and once or twice | • Hairdressing Saloon,^ Masonic Temple, 6 Post St., San Francisco, Cal. g^
ig I Portland, Ore. a week thereafter. The best f ___^ _ ¦_ . -_ ._ _ . ; i , « . m f
w ¦ <*> »»>... ,x, soap for that purpose is <«> ; ¦ . . H V
JB 4> Herpicxde has completely , • • 4- ; ' " .¦¦--. * H^
J| | 1 -^ HerpkMe soap J | - HOW DR. BIEHL CURED HIS DANDRUFF: |>
S§ t Dandruff Is a Germ Disease, 1 . . s '.; -.„, " - - ' T ''¦*<¦ , . ¦ . ' " ;¦•-;, \f
J^ t "Destrov the Cause Vmi Ppmnv? th P Fffprt" t "' I had been suffering.with Dandruff for five years. In brushing my hair large scales would drop on. my coat collar and H\
CS I uesiroy me w ause rjouwmo ve tne mrect ., | shoulders. I used NewWs HERPICIDE, and one-half bottle COMPLETELY CURED THE DANDRUFF., |/>
pi i Kill the Dandruff Germ ; : | P. F. C. BIEHL, M. D. |\
\H ti ¦ ¦ — —- ¦ _ : -—Jfl , rt| 027. Market street, San Francisco. V ' g/^
1 ¦ ©^<^4>^>4^>^>«^ <^* H^$>4><S><^S><«><^^ -" '-- ¦ * ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-.-¦-.-.-- -- ¦ ¦ • . ¦ ¦ - ¦ ' - - ' , ' ' ' - HI
f§ ' * v ¦ ' / ' .-. ..-. .- •- ..-..- • -¦- .¦ - . . ''. .... ' ¦ ¦ -¦' ¦ ¦ \>v ¦."-¦¦ . .• ' ¦ , gN
1 SEHBEEBBBKBHBBHKKHBBHBBHHHHBHBEHHBHBHBHHEHHBHiaiBBEHSEHBBHBBHHBBBH^^ /TO SAIL.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in tha order of occurrence as td time of
day; the third time column gives. the last tldo
of the day; except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey, charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the meansof the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Seven Pines Circle.
Seven Pines Circle; No. 3 of the Ladies
of the Grand Army of the Republic has
arranged for a fancy dress. party to be
given on the night . of the 14th inst. in
Occidental Hall in aid of its charity fund
used to assist the old soldiers of the civil
war. ¦ ; ¦. ¦- ... - ' '¦ - '
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
The following roads were represented
at the meeting and all joined the asso
ciation: Southern Pacific, Santa Fo,
Sierra, McCloud River and the Alameda
and San Joaauin. ¦• ' ¦ . _ %•
William Mahl, controller of the South
ern Pacific Company, arrived in this city
yesterday from New York. He is liere to
compile the statistics and make out tho
report of the Southern Pacific Company
for the fiscal year that ended June 30 last.
¦The'flrstlmportant move. on the part of
J. M. Herbert, who has I succeeded J. A.
Fillmore as " manager * of the Pacific sys
tem of the Southern Pacific Company, had
Its result yesterday In a meeting of.rail
road men called to form the Car Service
Association. -This organization is Her
bert's own' idea and 1 has been formed to
expedite the unloading of the freight cars
of the railroads operating in California.
Jierbert outlined his plans to the rail
road men assembled in his office. He as
serted that with -the forming of this as
sociation there .would? be in the future no
unnecessary delay in the handling of cars.
-E..E. Mote,' formerly of Kansas City,
came, all the way to the coast in the ex
pectation of securing the position of sec
retary of the association. He was warmly
recommended for the place .by Herbert
and was chosen. His headquarters will
be in this city. ->
E. E. Mote of Kansas City Is
Appointed to Act as
- : I- v Secretary,
Organization Hopes to
Give Better Oar
Service.
HERBERT FORMS
AN ASSOCIATION
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
• Waters at Fort Point, entrance to' San
- Francisco Bay. Published by official au
* thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants* Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 3. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. e.. at- noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Staten
dam, from Rotterdam.
Sailed Aue 3— Stmr Bulgaria, for Hamburg;
stmr Etruria. for Liverpool ; stmr American,
for San Francisco, etc; stmr Amsterdam, for
Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr Neustrla, for
Naples. v , ,
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Auk 3— Stmr Gros
ser Kurfurst, from. New York, for Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Georgic,
from New York.
Sailed Aue 3— Stmr Umbria, for New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aue 3— Stmr Columbia,
from New York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
BREMEN— Sailed Aue 3— Stmr Friederich der
GroEse. for New York, via • Cherbourg.
.ANTWERP- Sailed Auk 3— Stmr La Bre
tagne, for New York.
CHERBOURG-Salled Aug- 3-Shnr St Louis,
from Southampton, for New York.
OCEAN STEASfERS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Acapulco
for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug " 2— Stmr Peru for
San Francisco. *
TAHITI— In port July 6-Ship J B Brown,
from Newcastle, Aus, for Honolulu.
CALLAO— Sailed Aug 2— Ger stmr Seraphis,
for San Francisco. :
IQUIQUB— Sailed Aug 2— Ger stmr Memphis,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE— Sailed Aug: 2— Schr Honolpu,
for Honoipu.
Arrived Aug 2— Ship Invincible, -"from Cape
Town.
LONDON— Sailed July 15— Gex-stmr Sesoa
tris, for Sen Francisco.
GENOA— Sailed Aug 1— Ger stmr Ramses, for
San Francisco.
. HAMBURG— Sailed Aug 3— Ger stmr Totmes,
for San Francisco. " •
FOREIGN PORTS,
TLt,L.AMOOK— Arrived Ausr 2— Stmr "W H
Krusrer, hence July 29./ ¦
SAN PEDKO— Arrived Aue S— Bktn J M
Griffith, from Port Hadlock.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug 3— Stmr
•Humboldt, from Skaguay. .
Arrived Ausr S-H^hil bark India,' from Anto
fagasta; ship Gov Roble, from Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aue 3— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for Redondo. •
EUREKA— Sailed Augr 3— Bktn Amelia, for
Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 3— Schr Okano
can. for Taku.
ABERDEEN, Augr 3— Schr Wempe Bros was
launched succecsf ully this afternoon.
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Aue 2— Stmr Rain
ier, for. San Francisco. . . . . . , - _^
BALL'ARD— Arrived i Aiig I 2-^-Schr 9 Corona,
from San Pedro; schr Stlmson, . from Redondo,
CRESCENT CITY-Salled Aug 3— Stmr Man
dalay,' for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Humboldt,
frorr. Skayuay. -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POrNT LOBOS, Aug 2, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wfnd' SW, velocity 12 miles per hour. " "
Etmr Geo W Elder. Randall. ES& hours from
Portland, . via Astoria 46Vi hours.
Br etmr Lennox. Williamson, 87 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 29 days.
Etmr Iaqua, Gunderson, 6} hours from San
Dleso; bound to Eureka; put Into San Fran
cisco with, disabled Br stmr Lennox in tow.
Fr hark MacMahon, Chetard, 135 days from
Cardiff. '¦'-¦:¦. . :•¦¦-¦• ,
Echr Melancthon, Olsen, SJ hours from
Knappton. . ' ¦ m •-;¦ .•'.::
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, E days from Blus
law River. . ¦ •':'.;'?
Br etmr Cymbellne. Edward, 18 days from
Mororan. -.'¦¦' - ' "* • • • ¦ ' ; *
Stmr Cella, Hlrsins, 20 hours from Fort
6tmr Pomona. Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Schr Del Norte. Jacobson. 3 days from Co
,UU1. River. (^ ARED ,. :0^^:
*, ''. :¦¦ i i. y Saturday, August 3. .
Stmr Conemaugh. Baring; Vancouver and St
Michael; Northern Commercial Co.. ¦;
MISCELLANEOUS.
IiOKDON. Aug 2 — Br bark Dendraeth Castle,
from London, for Esquimalt, previously re
ported, put into Rio with cargo heated. Cargo
has been condemned and immediate, sale.,ad
vised. MEMORANDUM. ; . . ],
Per Br stmr Lennox, from Manila, i^-
Sailed June 27. On July 25, lat S7 40 : iN, Ion
127 28 W, the tall shaft broke and etmr drifted
south untilAug 1, when at 9:10 p m, 9 miles
\V H S of Piedras Blanco was taken In tow.
by stmr Iaqua. bound from Ban Diego for
Eureka, and towed to safe anchorage in Ban
Francisco Bay at 8:45 a m, Aug 3. _ . , , :
Saturday, August 3.
Shipping Intelligence
ARRIVED.
SALMON— Receipts of ealmon during the
month were very light, being only 50 barrels
and 10 cases. The exports were S202 cases and
S packages. ' ¦
COAL — Receipts of coal were as follows:
From Puget Bound. 50.691/ tons; British Colum
bia. 28,743; Oregon, 2430; Eastern, 3173; Aus
tralia, 11.597: English, 1S52, making the total
receipts 108,546 tons. ;
LUMBER- Receipts of lumber at this port
by Be* during July were as follows: . From
California, 13,033,000 feet and 23,052,000 feet from
Washington and Oregon, making: a total of
36.OSJ.000 feet. The exports during July were
2,661,330 feet.
Receipts and Exports.
Tb.> Adolph will load wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, .27s 6d, prior to arrival; the British
steamer Hyson, tame, 38s 9d; the Commerce,
poles at Cowlchan for Santa Rosalia; the W.
F. Witzemah, lumber at Grays harbor for
Honolulu.
Matters of interest to Mariners and
Y ; :': * . Shipping Merchants. - --i
NEWS OF. " THE OCEAN.
The Santa Rosa will get away for south
ern ports to-day. The UmatUla will not
get away for Puget Sound ports to-day.
The United States army transport Lo
gan will go to Mare Island to-morrow
morning for an overhauling-
The French bark MacMahon arrived
from Cardiff yesterday with a cargo of
coal. Captain Chotard reports an un
eventful voyage.
The French bark Cambronne goes to
Mare Island to discharge. .
"Water Front Notes.
A new gasoline schooner for the Colo
rado River trade is ready to go into com
mission as soon as her machinery reaches
Guaymas from San Francisco. She is to
be propelled by a screw worked in. a tun
nel, and will in consequence be very light
draught. Her owners, TV. Ibarri & Sons
of Guaymas, intend running her between
Gulf of California points and Yuma.
For Colorado Eiver Trade.
Out - Twenty-Seven Days From;, San.
.. Francisco for Coquille River.
The schooner Confianza left here twen
ty-seven days ago for Coqullle River., and
her owners are wondering what, has be
coma of her. Three days ago, according
to advices, she had not reached her des
tination, and some people fear a. disaster.
Captain Jakobson is making his first voy
age in the Confianza, and it now begins to
look as though It would be his last. Coast
ing schooners generally leave here in bal
last and make good runs up the coast if
the captain is not afraid to "carry on."
Jakcbson evidently would not take any
chances, as ten days ago he was spoken
off port with the schooner under short
canvas. At first the owners feared for
th» vessel, but when the - news came of
her still being off port they changed their
minds and are now blaming the captain.
The chances are that the Confianza will
get back here before the strike is over.
WHEEE IS THE CONFIANZA?
c»-r|-5a HE disabled transport Lennox ar
1 rived yesterday morning In tow of
1 the coasting steamer Iaqua. The
It Government tug Slocum that was
6ent out to pick up the troop ship
and bring her into port is 6till outside,
having passed her In the fog that pre
vails along the coast.
When th* oil stsainer George Looinis
. picked ux> the boats' crew from the Len
nox the transport was forty miles off
Plefirss Blancas. When the Iaqua picked
[ her up Bhe was eight miles from the point
tfand drifting rapidly inshore. In another
M three hours she would have had to anchor
f or else go ashore. There was no. bicker
[ ing ever the price of a tow, au Captain
' Gunderson of the steam schooner was
perfectly willing to leave the settlement
of the service to Lloyds. On that basis
the Iaqua will probably receive $15,000 or
$20,000 for her tow.
The Lennox left Manila thirty-seven and
Nagasaki twenty-nine days ago. When
off the Golden Gate her tail shaft broke
and in spite of what canvas that could be
6et she went steadily south with the cur
rent. Off Piedras Blancas a boat was
pent ashore to bring assistance, but after
that instead of drifting south the troop
ship drifted inshore. A dense fog set in
and the whistle was kept going morning,
noon and night, but never an answering
signal came back. Finally on Thursday
morning the Iaqua showed up under her
lee tow and Captain Williamson lost no
time In accepting a tow.
The Lennox brings from Manila seven
teen cabin passengers and forty-five in
th« steerage, besides nine stowaways who
got aboard at NagasakL The cabin pas
sengers were Captain William Yates,
i Fourteenth Cavalry; First Lieutenant B.
fji. Tf'Orcy, Fourteenth Cavalry; Surgeon
{ C. G. G. Scaparoni; S. Biggs and E. E.
Philbrook, late lieutenants of volunteers;
James P. Obertenffek, Nicholas T. Clancy,
Gay S. B. Hayden, C. A. Sears. William
F. Bennett, Charles Guy. George Hunt.
William Anderson, J. Jones, George
Thompson, G. W. Daniels and E. J.
Bloom. irj '¦!¦
The captain and officers deny that the
steamship was short of provisions, and
Captain Williamson asserts that there is
still a month's supply for all hands
aboard. A. J. Murton, the sick man, is
in a precarious condition. The officers'
horses were not killed in order to supply
fresh meat with which to make broth, but
the chances are that he would have been
able to walk ashore had that course been
pursued. Murton was formerly a member
of the Montana Volunteers, but remained
in the Philippines to go into business.
The officers of the Lennox were prepar-
As soon as the Iaqua got rid of her tow
she went to Mission-street wharf. The
crew did not Quit the vessel, as that
would mean abandoning their share of the
salvage, but nevertheless the vessel will
lie up for a few days for repairs.
ing for an emergency when the Iaqua
picked them up. A raft was being built
to take "the place of the boat that went
away on the relief expedition, and all the
anchors and chain were looked to. as
Captain Williamson expected to have to
bring- to at any moment
STEAM SCHOONER IAQUA TOWING THE DISABLED TRANSPORT. LENNOX INTO PORT. "WHEN PICKED III
THE TROOPSHIP "WAS WITHIN EIGHT MILES OF PIEDRAS BLANCAS AND STEADILY DRIFTINC
ASHORE. THE IAQUA "WILL GET A GOOD ALLOWANCE FOR SALVAGE.
Lennox Is Within Eight Miles of the Beach in a Dense Fog
When Picked Up— The Tug Slocum That Went Out to
Look for- Her May ': Not Be Heard From for Days
DISABLED TRANSPORT REACHES PORT
IN TOW OF STEAM SCHOONER IAQUA
TELE SAW JtfKAJN CISCO OALIi, SUJ\L>A Y", AUGUST 4, 1901.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 4.
Sun rises • 5:15
Sun sets • 7:t>5
Moon rises .' • 9:30 p. ni.
21
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
HW LW HWLW
4 .. 1:50 ~5.0 7:57 0.9 2:36 5.4 8:39 • 1.2
6 .. 2:52 4.6 8:41 1.4 3:16 5.5 9:41 1.0
6 .. 4:07' 4.3 9:29 1.9 4:06 5.6 10:57 0.7
7 ... 5:34 4.0 10:22 2.4 4:58 5.7
L W H W L W H W
8 .. 0:04 0.4 6:58 3.9 11:36 2.7 5:54 5.9
9 ... 1:11 0.0 8:14 4.1 12:36 2.9 6:57 6.0
10 .. 2:12—0.3 9:1S 4.4 1:40 2.9 7:57 6.1
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Matteawan Tacoma Aug. 4
Milton :.... Nanaimo : Aug. 4
Bonlla San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 4
Mandaiay.\.... Coquille River .;.". Aug. 4
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. 4
Coronado-.'.i....; Grays Harbor.v..,, »»'..,- Aug. 5
Washtenaw.V. . Tacoma .'....'.'.'.*...'. .Y.:; Aug. 5
Tltania Nanaimo ....Aug. ..5'
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.... Aug.- 1 5
Neko ...*.. Hamburg & Way Ports Aug. .5
South Portland Tacoma .......: .....Aug.: 5
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Aug. 5
Eureka.. Humboldt ..Aug. 6
Argyll New York via Panama Aug. 6
Progreso.. Tacoma :. Aug. 7
Asuncion Seattle Aug. 7
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Forts Au<r. 8
Santa Rosa..... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug., 8
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 8
Zealandla...... Honolulu Aug. n
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 9
City Peking — China, and Japan Aug. 10
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 10,
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails:! Pier.
Conemaugh..
Santa Rosa..
UmatlUa...:.
Empire.......
Pomona
Point Arena..
North Fork..
Australia
G. W. Elder.
Aconcagua...
Bonita
Czarina...'...".
Mandalay....
Ban Pedro....
State of Cal..
Curacao j
Coronado
AtiR-iist 4.
NomeJk St. Michael]
San Diego & Way.
- August 5.
Puget Sound Ports
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Point Arena
AilKust 6.
Humboldt
Tahiti direct
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro & Way.
Angrnst TV.
Seattle & Tacoma..|
Coquille River ....
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Mexican Ports '....
Grays Harbor . . . :
Angnat 8.
Humboidt :
Panama *& Way...
Seattle & N. What
Anemt 9.
Puget Sound Ports
- Anjtnst 1O. .
China & Japan.....
Honolulu
San Diego . . . . . .
10 am Pier 34
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 9
10 am Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
2 pm Pier' 2
'9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 24
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
..'..... Pier S
4 pm Pier 8
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier . 2
9 am Pier 13
12 m PMSS
Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 7
9 am Pier 11
Eureka.......
City Sydney.
Rainier.....*.
City Puebla..
Amer. Maru.
Marlposa
Corona. :.....
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Senator Nome direct Aug. 5
Farallon.. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 0
Queen Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug 8
City ol Seattle. Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug. 8
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 10
Bertha.. Valdez & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial..;.. Nome & Teller City Aug. 19
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 13
Victorian:....'.". Skagvfay & "Way Ports.lAug. 13
Al-Kl... Skaguay & "Way Ports.jAug. 14
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.lAug. 18
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
HW LW HWLW
4 .. 1:50 ~5.0 7:57 0.9 2:36 5.4 8:39 • 1.2
6 .. 2:52 4.6 8:41 1.4 3:16 5.5 9:41 1.0
6 .. 4:07' 4.3 9:29 1.9 4:06 5.6 10:57 0.7
7 ... 5:34 4.0 10:22 2.4 4:58 5.7
L W H W L W H W
8 .. 0:04 0.4 6:58 3.9 11:36 2.7 5:54 5.9
9 ... 1:11 0.0 8:14 4.1 12:36 2.9 6:57 6.0
10 .. 2:12—0.3 9:1S 4.4 1:40 2.9 7:57 6.1
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Matteawan Tacoma Aug. 4
Milton :.... Nanaimo : Aug. 4
Bonlla San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 4
Mandaiay.\.... Coquille River .;.". Aug. 4
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. 4
Coronado-.'.i....; Grays Harbor.v..,, »»'..,- Aug. 5
Washtenaw.V. . Tacoma .'....'.'.'.*...'. .Y.:; Aug. 5
Tltania Nanaimo ....Aug. ..5'
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.... Aug.- 1 5
Neko ...*.. Hamburg & Way Ports Aug. .5
South Portland Tacoma .......: .....Aug.: 5
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Aug. 5
Eureka.. Humboldt ..Aug. 6
Argyll New York via Panama Aug. 6
Progreso.. Tacoma :. Aug. 7
Asuncion Seattle Aug. 7
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Forts Au<r. 8
Santa Rosa..... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug., 8
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 8
Zealandla...... Honolulu Aug. n
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 9
City Peking — China, and Japan Aug. 10
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 10,
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails:! Pier.
Conemaugh..
Santa Rosa..
UmatlUa...:.
Empire.......
Pomona
Point Arena..
North Fork..
Australia
G. W. Elder.
Aconcagua...
Bonita
Czarina...'...".
Mandalay....
Ban Pedro....
State of Cal..
Curacao j
Coronado
AtiR-iist 4.
NomeJk St. Michael]
San Diego & Way.
- August 5.
Puget Sound Ports
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Point Arena
AilKust 6.
Humboldt
Tahiti direct
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro & Way.
Angrnst TV.
Seattle & Tacoma..|
Coquille River ....
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
Mexican Ports '....
Grays Harbor . . . :
Angnat 8.
Humboidt :
Panama *& Way...
Seattle & N. What
Anemt 9.
Puget Sound Ports
- Anjtnst 1O. .
China & Japan.....
Honolulu
San Diego . . . . . .
10 am Pier 34
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 9
10 am Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
2 pm Pier' 2
'9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 24
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
..'..... Pier S
4 pm Pier 8
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier . 2
9 am Pier 13
12 m PMSS
Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 7
9 am Pier 11
Eureka.......
City Sydney.
Rainier.....*.
City Puebla..
Amer. Maru.
Marlposa
Corona. :.....
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Senator Nome direct Aug. 5
Farallon.. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 0
Queen Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug 8
City ol Seattle. Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug. 8
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 10
Bertha.. Valdez & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial..;.. Nome & Teller City Aug. 19
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 13
Victorian:....'.". Skagvfay & "Way Ports.lAug. 13
Al-Kl... Skaguay & "Way Ports.jAug. 14
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.lAug. 18
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
.RAILWAY TBA VEL.
RATT.WAY TBA VEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Dally | » | Daily | Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:25 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno—. 2:05 p S:33 p S:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia... J:40p 4:48 a
"Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
•' Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a :.
" Chicago.. | 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for mornlnc. D for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-clasa passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Jj Stockton and Fresno local.
Correapondlns train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily.
8:00 p. m. ls the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
JOE EOSENBERCKS.
JOE ROSENBEBG'a
JOB ROSENBERG'S.
August 22 and 23.
September 5 and 6.
Through standard sleep-
ers daily, San Francisco to
Chicago. Tourist . sleepers,
Tuesdays and Thursdays —
Omaha, -Kansas City, . St.
Louis and Chicago, mak-
ing direct connections In
latter city with similar
cars for Detroit, Buffalo
and Boston. .
Write or call— we'll gladly
give you full .- information
about rates, limits,, stop-
overs, et<S. >
The special advantage cf
going East via the Buriing-
ton is that you see all the
world-famous scenery of
the Rockies and yet make
almost as fast time as-tlie
fastest. N
If^iTiiKfcjilfnil Sanborn.
J^^Um^^^I General Agent.
j^[j|lp^^| 6.^1 Market Street.
[^wfe^i^SaSl San Francisco.
BUFFAL0........S87.00
September 5 and 6.
CLEVELAND...$82.50
August 20 and 21.
L0UISVILLE...S77.50
Here are a few — only a
few— of the ROUND TRIP
rates from San Francisco
soon to be offered by the
Burlington Route:
Many": 1 '
GBAPE-ITCTTS.
SOUTHERN PACIFIG.
Train* Icutr nml nrti «lu«> to »rrlf • »(
MAN FKANVIMCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — From July 1*. 1901. — akkiti
7:«Oa Beiiicia, Suleuu, Elmira and Sacra.
memo... '. 6:25p
7:00a Vacitille, Wints's, Rumsey 7:53p
1 iUox Martinez, Sau Uamou, VaJtejo. Napa,
UalistogaaudManta ltosa <t:2Sp
8:0" a DstIs, Woodland, KnlgbU Landing;
Marysville, (»ro»ille_ 7:55p
8:00a Atlantic Kxpreu-Ogdeu and East 12:23p
M:O»a Mies, Lithrop. Stockton ?:2a?
8:UOa Nilea. Meodota. Hauiord. Vjsalia,
•Portcrrille.. 4:55 *•
S:3Va Shasta Kipress— D*Tis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed
Bluff, Purtlani 7«55p
>i3Oa Sau .loie, Literraore, ft tuck ton,
.-'*•-- lone, HaeraiiiKiitn. Placenille,
BUryoTillr, Chico, Ke.l Iflnll 4>23p
8:EOa Oakilalf, Chinese (Yosemite), So-
nor*. Carters 4:25?
0:00a Hayw>%], Nilt-8 aud Way SUtious.. • I:»3a
»:OOa Vallejo la;23r
»:»»« Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
True/. Litlirop. rlioakton, Merced
- ,' Fresno and Los Acgeles 7s23r
O:»Oi Vulli-Jn, Martinez ami Way Station* 7i»3p
IUiUOa The Orerland Limited— Ogdeu, Den-
ver, Ouiahi. Chicagu «s»5p
tl:O«p S»ora.umit.. itl.er Hto.inem (StOOA
8:3ftp Hayward, KUrs aail Way Stations.. 7i53p
4:W<lr UeuicU, Winters. Hacminento,
Wouiliiind, . Knithti Luudinj,
MaryiTUIe, Oroville 10:33a
4:OOp Martinet, Han Unmoii, Vallejo,
Napn. <!iiH«t.it;ii. -Santa Kosa. .'.... »«a.%A
4:OOp Nilea, Livermore. Stockton, Lodi... 13>a9p
4:H»r Hayward, Nilea, .San .luae, Ijivtrmore < fM:S»A
4:S»p Port Cos a, Tracy,»Lathrop, Stockton 1«:33a
S:OOrl'he Owl J<iraite*-Fre»no, Tulare. •/.,'-:
BakersQelil, .Sangna (or Santa Bar.
liara, f.os Anceles • 8:53a
5:OOp Martin- z, Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12:23p
BiO»p Yosemlte l«:S5p
5>30p Kew Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakerstie.il, Los Angeles.
IXming, £1 Paso. New Orleans
and East 7xS3a
«:OOp Hayward. fUlesandSan Joss 7:33a
fO-.OOi- Vullejo 11:234
«:0»t» Oriental Mall— OgJea, Cliejence.
Omalia, CUIcago 12:23p
¦tOOp Oriental ' ilall— Ogdea, Denrer,
Bt. Louis, Chicago. 4>S3p
liOOr Oregon auj California Kzpreu.Hae-
runientii, Riaryiitllle, Iteilillng,
• IVrtliiinl. I'nget Houml mid Kant ' 8:33a
SinSpSan Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez *
and Way Buttons 11:23a
1»iO3p Vallt.j'>--.- 7»5ap
COAST LiINE (Narrow <J«age).
¦ (Foot of Market Street.) : -- : l'V'
}7i43a Santa Cruz Excursion to Hanta Cnu
- aud Principal Way Stations t*:03»
mil.iA Newark. Uftiiieriille.Hau.lose.E'nlton.' .
:V v.-.. BouiaetCrtek.HantaOnixaiidWay
Htations . »i50»
fSiTBp Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
Alinmlmi, FhUoii. lloalder Creek,
'--¦.¦: Santa Cnu ami Vrinciual Way
Stations ....:.. IOi9flA
4tl»p Newark, Nan .lose. Los Gatos. t*: 1 *"*
«4iiap Glenwood.BonlderCreefc,SaDt»Cnn «»;5Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm SIS raiNCl&CO— Fool of Kukat Street (Slip 8>—
T7:16 U:0O 11:00a. u. 1:03 3:09 6:15r.lt.
rrtmOltURD— F«ot «IBf»<lwij.— tK:OO t8:00 t8:0«
10:00a.m. 12:80 2:00 i:0Qr.U. '- '
COAST MNE («ro».l «ange).
(Third Kiid Towngeiul Sta.)
«:IUa San Jose and Way .stations. «s3Oa
17-U0a Kau Jose ami Way Stuti.ms... liaop
/7:<MU New Alinaden, /4llO»
t?i!IUA Sunday Excursion for San Jcie.
Ranta Cruz. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations 1S>3*»
- ' »iOOa Hau .loio. Hollister. Hunt* Crnz, .
Pacilic Oroie, nalinas. San Lnil
Gbispo, B»nta Barbara and - Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations 7tS0v
10:30a San Jose aud Way Stations.. 6:30p
II-.SOa Hau .loss hii.I Way .Stations 5i3O»
: tii:-l%» San Mateo. Redwood, M~nlo Park, •: ;
' Palo Alto, Hanta Clara,- Han .lose,
' Hot'toter, Santa Cruz, Salluas, -
\ Monterey and I'aciUc flrnTe...... 110:43a.
•i8«r San Jose, -Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz,
:.,-. - Pacific Gtotb and Way Stations 4:l«p
«4il3p Sau Jooean.l Principal Way Stations U:-»3a
t3:OOp San Jose, Los Gatos and Priudpal
Way SUtions.... :...:....- |9:00»
S:3OpSanJo8eamiPrlDcipanVar.SUt!oiii 8:36a
- SiOOp Kedwoid, Kau Jos«. Gilrry. Salinas, -
Santa Barbara. Loa Angeles 1O:O3a
«:»Op San Jose aud Way Mtatiuus fM:O» A
qll:43p San JoburiuI Way Stations.'. 7;3Op
? for Morning. ;. P for A fteruoon.
tRunday excepted./ t Rnnd»y only.
a Saturday only. / < Mondiy .
. < Saturday an 1 Sunday. - ¦ / Tuesday j and rridajti
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• Via Sausallto Ferry.
-Commencing April 25, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. J,
¦WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. *D:SO. 11:00 a. m..
12-45 "1:43. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. '6:15. 6:45 p. m. . • ¦
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and. San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p:m: . . i
SUNDAYS-T:00. 8:00. ¦•9:00. '•10:00. l!:C0. 11:30
a m.. 12:4d *l:30. 2:30, *3:45, -5:C0. 6:00. 7:30
p. m.. 11:00 a. m. does not run. to San Rafael
marked (•) run to~San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*5:25, 6:27, 7:47. S:35. 10:15
a in. *12:25. 1:15. 2:20. *3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m. .
'EXTRA TRIPS on 'Mondays, Wednesdays
and- Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p.m.
SUNDAYS-6:15, *8:00, 9:45.. '11:00 a. m., '•13
m., 1:00, 2:15,- '3:30, • 4:30. *5:45, 6:43, 7:30, 10:10
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
• m 12:35, 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. . ' • -.
¦SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15
1-20 2:30: 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
.' THROUGH TRAINS.
,6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way eta-
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way'eta-
5:15' p'.'.m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomalesand way . stations.
¦. 6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
' 10 a. m. Sundays-Point Reyes and way
stations. ¦-
CALffORBIl KORTHmTEBI SI. COL
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TISaurcn Ferry. Foot of Market Sfc
'-',,: San Francisco to San Rafael.
W2EK DATS-^7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
' and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:C0. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ; - •
San Ratasl to San Francisco.
¦WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:«.
3:40. 5:15 p. tn. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:33
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS..8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:i0,
5:03, 6:25 p. m.
l*ave , I In Effect I Arrlva
San Francisco. | April 23. 1901.1 San Francisco.
"Week I ' Sun- I I Sun- J "Week \
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. . 6:05 pmilO:25 am ;
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
GeyservlUe,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:20 pa
7:30 am! 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 am!lO:2S am
3:30 pint 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pm
7:30 am .- ~ 10:40 am 1 10:25 am
8:C0am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm I
3:30 pm 5:00 pm ¦ | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami " 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverda!a
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlect .
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Uerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. ¦ Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Willits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San - Rafael at half . rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street, Chronlcl*
Building.
H. C- WHITING, H. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. '¦¦ ' ' VU 8»u»4Uu> ferry— Foot or Market St.
uivt ••(¦ "<•>•• ' ' <«»ive i«h r»»,
rJ30 K. M. > - . WEEK DAYS < 3:35 p - M '
8:00 a. M.i fl2:15P.il.-
9^K)A.M. 1:15p.M.
10:00 a: m. 1 nrrvn Ava J 3^0 p. h.
230p. M.J .- ¦ :- •¦¦•-¦-*..¦. ¦¦'-.,,^ . 4.7:10p.m.
Pare. Saa Prksdn* Is Bannll an« Betwo, %IA9
¦. Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & SausalUo Perry.
ilMIllIrleai
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
(3 to |S week; $3 to $20 month. Free bat ha; hot
aad cold water every room; fire grates la tvury
room; elevator rasa all night.
, E AS IERN POINTS.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. 633 Market st.
COOL' AND DUSTLESS.
Dally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining Car.- Meals a . la Carte.
Library Observation . Car. . ¦
REDUCED ROU>D ThIP RATES TO
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
s w^ i
1 Can Keep |
I Cool I
% If You Know How to a
§ FEED YOURSELF. |
<^ (Reason* below:) 4>
I Try GRAPE-NUTS!
HOT WEATHER FOOD.
The selection of food for hot weather Is
an important question. We should avoid,
an excess of fats, cut down the butter
ration and indulge more freely In fruits
an4 food easy of digestion. One meat
meal per day ls sufficient during .hot
weather.
An ideal breakfast Is Grape-TCut« treated
with a little cream (which, by the way,
supplies the necessary fa£ In a very
digestible form), a cup of Dostum ; Cereal
Food Coffee, hot. or if cold, it should have
a little lemon Juice squeezed in; then
Rome fruit, either cooked or raw: also
perhaps two slices of entire wheat bread
with a very thin spread of butter. ' - A
breakfast of this sort Is so perfectly
adapted to the wants of the system. that
one goes through the heat of the day in
comfort a« compared with the sweaty.
fiisagreeabl e condition of one Improperly
Jed. Once put in practice, the plan, will
be abandoned during the hot days,
for the difference In one's personal , com-
fort Is too great to be easily forgotten."*'
, ; " . . ': worked , its way to
the front, and is now known in every city, town and hamlet in the country. Its
staunchest friends are those who have known it longest and -have witnessed its
wonderful curative powers in theiriown families or among theit friends and
acquaintances. Grateful patients in all parts of the country tell of their restoration
to health and happiness, and the testimony of these is the highest evidence of the
medicine's ¦worth. S. S. S. is more popular today than ever f in its history — no
other remedy stands so high, has ever given such, perfect satisfaction or is so
reliable in the cure of Cancer, Rheumatism, Catarrh, Contagious Blood Poison,
Scrofula, Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt Rheum, Acne, or any disease that originates in
the blood. Being strictly a vegetable preparation, j-ou will find it agrees with you
much better than a drug store concoction or any of the widely advertised potash
and mercury remedies, which affect the bones, muscles and. stomach, .causing
' _^ _ ¦-• » ¦* ¦ Rheumatism or Dyspepsia. If you
UOn't Experiment— have never tried S. S. S., you will ba
_. ¦-_¦"• . _, _ . . ¦'- surprised at theiminediate good effects,
aSSeSQf . w« Sm Sm for no sooner does it get into the circulation than the
appetite increases ; you grow stronger, and gradually
but surely it drives out the poisons and restores the blood to a healthy condition.
¦ If there is a sore or ulcer on the body, it begins to heal around the edges, the dis-
charge finally ceases and the place gets well ; muscular and bone pains vanish, and
¦theskia is relieved. of all itching, irritating 'eruptions. " Nervous,'; run; down and
anaemic people will findS. S. S. : just the medicine they need, for blood poverty
and illy nourished nerves are responsible for their condition. For old people and
children S. S. S. has no equal ; being free from all minerals, : it does not nauseate
- or have any injurious effect whatever, and keeps the blood in good condition, thus
fortifying; against disease. - Experience teaches what' is good and what is not good ;
this applies particularly to medicine, and S. S.' S.i a remedy that has retained the
confidence of the people for nearly ¦ 50 . years, must have merit — it 'cures, is • the
secret of its success. . When you call for S. S. S. •^¦i^;-' ¦ \ir i0^L_ '~'ag" e »pr-
don't be persuaded to accept something else— J^Z^^% r*Jn*JH i^^a^^l
" there is no substitute for S. S; S. It is the only M : U- ¥ tf^^^8
guaranteed purely vegetable blood purifier, and .^^^^^^ • ¦' .\^^"^; . : -\.^ i *^.'
the safest : and best for all blood • and skin i^** 1^^ k^?"^\
troubles.- Do not^ let them force • an - inferior l^_2^ J l^fc^ J l^a-^ S
minerc.1 remedy on you because there is a larger K**~~^^£. K^^gff
¦profit in it. v If you have any blood or skin dis- ,' j^^*^t^ ;! .^^^^^ '-'^^ } •
ease, don't hesitate to write us about it ; : our physicians will ¦carefully consider
yojur case and advise you without charge; .;- Book on Blood and Skin Diseiases* free.'
: THE S WIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY,' ATLANTA; QA;-
JHSSSl - ATTFAlTinN THERE WILL BE EXTRA lively times in olr ha\d- U
ffii^^S W%l I Llll lUll. KERCHIEF DEPARTMENT THIS WEEK. |l
lHH m /^W^frrffliflr^SSk. JUST RECEIVED some ' &*&+ ' We bought them from a S
IM HI &^^^ i)i & extreme novelties in Pil- ?St^ bankrupt . manufacturer, his li
•jgS&l fay 'Wi'^f^^t^S- ow Tops. Made on art •^F* . entire stock, V\
g^^KI ,|| &t H, § canvas in flowers, scrolls i.vi'^L^m^.' At 50C on ttQ S1.00. fir
H f^^g § %. K 4$it an(^ conventional designs. f . 4 "' '^^^? They are finished with the a
H 111 ly* s 'Ta One look will convince you- 1^ j> finest swlss embroidered seal- Hk
|| \\ I MstffibmmW tiifiMl that the prices are right. J,' A lops, others hemstitched and M
B VU \^^fflTOSSS^ ¦ Including backs ..... -25c / l^r- "'¦?.) embroidered hems. When you V
H VQ V ' THE 5TEW FOXY \ Grandpa's series in all see them . you will say dimes are worth dollars ft
ii vS^jfy^ khe latest pranks, made in the best satin fin- here— Each 1 5C g
If <r ished art ticking with all the backs attached, 75 dozen Ladies' Handkerchiefs, made of »
|1 also ths new sunbonnet pillow. The little fine lawn, hemstitched, and embroidered ini- 8/
I 'store but the busy store with the little price tials. Worth more than double this week's W
I .....48C price-Each •™5C'j!
I More Than Even Exchange for Your Money CORSET DEPARTMENT. Feather Boas at Prices That Will Surprised
\ in fllir Hncibm nonartmont "We have just received all the newest ri. Thejr have advanced ft
I l!l UUI "OalBiy UepdIlflieiH. mO dels in CORSETS. tSSb. "in price, but not self/
E /cf^OTSnlii?ii(P^ 35 dozen LiADIES' rORSFT'? for T/FNfl-THEVTNfl THE (*^« here — 43 inche3 lonjr v
I Aliiify ¦ FAST BLACK HOSE, WAIST CORSEW toREDUOXG made of genuine ostrich f\
El \MWuW^\ ¦• matte ¦• of XX fine CORPULENT FIGURES. MiJ&^ feathers— the kind that W
If /-^HjltiSpr * Egyptian cotton, dou- „ __,„„ p RP , v h «b>TO^ kee P thelr curl> extra X|
II ' iLvir hie heels and toes, CORS E^ »F ITTED FREE by ex- _^',U^1 long fibers, rich and lus- R'
11 Mtl white soles; just the S^t corset •flttera j Do not blame .your /^5«|y, trous color, in black and \1
Wi MM '-stocking for tender K 6 / 8 ™ 11 " 1^. Dorset 'guaranteed a >'- The crowning ft
61 "SMBIfi frt^f i,»,o „„ ~,u t>i<a JJIQ you ever nave a corset gudrduiceu -^"^Ll^v «).«_. . i a tbofr amsn. N
II tM Jail here on Sale o t i3 1^ for ninety days? That is what we ?l O na? cheaDressinrfri^ A'
gj p| v/eek 2oc do _ if you break a steel or the corset ®»V tltiSv TW 9
a ¦ WM EXTRA-225. dozen i S n ot satisfactory, another one free. . Iplv, Vh™ «i A nn 1
II , |H CHILDREN'S STOCK- week s price 81O.OO- II
i Jflk vSy S hesTSgi^ £t e - FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN WHAT WE ADVERTISE IS SO, 0;
Si ' ton, Swiss ribbed, dou- _^ By wearing the new Twen- And Everybody Knows It's No Disappoint- U
If mi&r ' hie heels toes and £««> tleth century HER MAJ- J J ment rr Vl
II iggr knees; fast black and T* «jf ESTY'S CORSETS Made of meni. jr
ll full length. It is not J^T extra fine imported sateen; 425 SHIRT "WAISTS, made of the U
U the lowest in price, but JT ,v» made with the best tem- very best percales, striped, plain and If j
ll he everlasting stocking that mothers y^h^rfl pered .steel. "While- they dotted effects, newest Bishop sleeve. II'
If lave been looking for ...Zac [.Ks&C* 5 ! brace the body, they will detachable collar, well sewed and per- 1*
II -„„ /«r<, Tf,nn Untf //cf/rt/ Win/t Price VliF/fc/vJ not break or bend at the feet fitting, because they are made II
H -or Less Than Half Usual bel.tng mce. \J^v hlpg Made for different fi&- that way-there Is not • one of these I]
H BUCKLES. fics^A ures. Far better and gives waists that have been sold at less than II
n c A~~*>~ T3TTr-^TT -ce ma/io in ail t>ip ** I more satisfaction than any from S1.25 up to $2.00— our clearance II
fly 5 dozen iJUCtv.Li.EjD, maae in an ine . » ,,_ „ y—a/i-*,,.-,-^-,. pnr , P t <.ai«» nriop Tt*» U •
[new long effects, in rope, serpentine Q v 5 a -ri 1 m 1 e «o rkj Hi
I and Fleur De LisNjffects. Come in gilt Ou f w ay of selling..... .........«^.7o/ NOTICE ! if/
I xnd oxidized. We challenge you to Sale at O'Farrell street entrance. I^ W1IW TL* A _ If /
I natch these for double the price we , j« m X^r^n' +£. +v m
1 ire " kln^»nTi« "iiv up 25C True to Flt and Perfect t0 til8 Form ' fM/M% ft
1 ANOTHER VALUE. and here it is for a very £££?£ D^? s f If
I Our buyer bought too much, black LITTLE MONEY; 365 pairs CORSETS, -^ dress Im'd a co£ tf
I affeta ribbon, so there was only one . made of fast black couUl and bones 6et pro tector Made of extra fine odor- Xl
1 hing for us to do-to mark them low, stripped with the yery best Wack sat- Uas^nnVb^. covered T^wfth fine I
H o we can get rid of them. een; extra, double strips sateen stitched nalnsook . i t ls ' a complete garment ¦. I
If 75 pieces ALL BLACK SILK TAF- around the hips and waist; lined; and ireasler to put on than a cwset I
M -ETA RIBBON, good luster. 4% double side steels : rust-proof front when worn under the corset itwil if
|§ nches wide-this price will sell them- stee a: Bilk-embroldered top; new wallas a dress w^stfr^m I
ll 1.0c a yard. 8tl S? h !n fr< Si t s ?£ xn perspiration. It is superior and cheaper 1
ti flORE COOD OFFERINCS extraordinarily low price 5Oc than dress shields, being always ready I
0 1^- @ Thin Woman's Friend. 31^ I.
ll ?olors pink and white, blue and white. ,M% The new . MELBA laundrv^billsOnl^air of these iVid^ \
I ed and white, yellow and white and fJ BUST FORM.. It's wiii Ma?t ??t !'a° d&e^Salr S'anyo'ther B
B S rf Sfa designed to be worn shields. Our sale price f..65c (9
» mother rsbbon event. »l\ *£&"£& wnhou? m Our Knitted Underwear Department. [\
M 700 yards of ALL SILK TAFFETA O|! Uj/\\ if so desired; made of 20 dozen LADIES' VESTS, Swiss rib- #1
U soft and washable sash rib- n$Lw-/J white summer net- bed, V shaped neck and no sleeves: if
B Jon, width 5 inches, in the new polka I mM-/^ ting; pink, blue and front finished with bowknot lace, neck H
f j dot effect, colors pink, blue, red, lav- /AQ p^J black sateen. "Why not and amis finished with crochet edge %\
II and white— when you see them [P*^ r have a perfect form running through with a silk tape; l\
ll ou will be glad you read this adver- y I for a little price like made of fine English thread; your op- gi
H isement, 5JoC yard. V this 50c portunity 25c §/
I TH17 DHQI7M1317DP sto market st., %
B dlJIji tllJSiil^JjJjilllJr. RUNNING THROtGH TO HOTARRELL, PHEU\ BULDING, U
H ** r -*^ A».X^ **S.O^.A.* Jf - UA^ 9 MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. B-Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay."*!*
Verus cures piles or 550 reward.-All.up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it "•-' :
" The Park Band will render the following pro
gramme"-to-day:" : . " •' * ; V
Overture, "Isabella" < ................. '..Su'pp'e
Morceau, "On the Heights"... ".'........Hoffman
Suite, ' 'Hlstoire . d!un ; Pierrot" .\ .:........ .Costa
Waltz, "Roses on, the Path"-.'........ Fetras
Scene from "Ballo in Maschera" .....Verdi
Fantasia | from ; VFaustV •-.......'......' ;T ; . .Gounod
, Trombone I quartette .... . .'. . . :.T. ::..:?.'.::. .t;-.-.'. <
; Messrs. Colverd, Greene, Stross and Shiner.'
i"Dance of the Hours"............. ..i.Ponchielli
"Descriptive Musical Tour". ;."... .."...*;.Conradi
March,- ¦ ' "The • Owl' ' y: 1 : ... .'. .'. G.' . Falkens tei n
Music at the Park.
A new order went into effect in 1 the Cus
tom-house yesterday regarding .the- time
for the payment of duties. • Heretofore : at
this port it has been the practice "to over
look the standing regulation •• requiring a
deposit of the duties as 'shown by the in
voices before ¦ they . are ' sent « to . the "Ap
praiser's store. By. order of the Treasury
Department, the regulation will be' en
forced hereafter and a deposit > equal- to
the estimated amount of. the duties will
be reauired before the invoices '> are .; sent
to the Appraiser's store and before the
goods are examined, v Such is, the
tice in other ports of the '• United States
and the San Francisco Custom-house has
been ordered to fall Into line. .
Importers Must , Pay a : Deposit.
They know you are a judge of good whiskey
when ycu call for Jesse Moore at the bar. •
That started Thursday is fitting cut men
with suits to suit not alone in style but In
price as well.' A special of 500 men's suits,
strictly all, wool, cassimeres, fancy worst
ed ;¦ blue ,and. black -Jch*evlots > and ; thibet,.
worth'$20, to-morrow for $4.65 a suit. Also
500 men's- overcoats, stylish raglans in
dark Oxfords and latest styles, worth $18,
for, $4.65. All , these suits :- and .'. overcoats
have been manufactured from material of
the. Salem Woolen Mills. Good fit'guar
anteed; •¦*• Like suits :i are • retailed ¦ in ••; this
city , for $20 and j the overcoats I for. $18,* yet
to-morrow, they will be just $4.65, either
suit or overcoat, at the clothing assignee
sale* of : the Boston, 773 Market St.; near
Fourth. •¦,.-¦.¦-.: ¦:•¦•¦"¦ ....-¦ i ¦ . •¦¦•-• . -, ..-..:¦ < •
The Assignee Sale of i the Lyceum
Clothing Company ._
The company has to build a seawall at
this point. This will necessitate the fill
ing in of 3,000,000 cubic yards "of space
The officials yesterday spent . several
hours inspecting this property and -before
leaving stated that they : were , highly
pleased with the work as far as it had
gone. ,
A number of prominent officials of the
Santa Fe Railway Company are in the
city looking after their company's inter
ests. Yesterday afternoon Third Vice
President Kendrick of Chicago, one of the
leading operating officials. Captain A. H
Payson and Acting General. Manager
Hurley all paid a visit to -the China
Basin.
Yards of Filling Must Be
TJsed.
Estimate That 3,000,000 Cubic
RAILROAD OFFICIALS
INSPECT CHINA BASIN
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— The ; following
Calif brnlans are in New Tork and regis
tered as follows: San Francisco— M. Con
nelly, J.F. McGlnty, A. Martin and wife,
at the Astor ; H. Hamson and wife and
W. R. Vanalbemade, at the Grand Union;
H.. Llndley, at the Imperial; E.~ Oswald,
at the . Sinclair: P. Cahill, at the Park
Avenue; Mrs. M. Grant, at the New Am
sterdam. . Los Angeles— E. W.Meany and
wife, at the Holland. ; Santa Barbara— H.
Hinskam, at the Criterion. .
Calif ornians in New York.
From reports received by Superintend
ent of Schools Webster from principals
during the last week regarding the classi
fication of their schools it was ascertained
yesterday that in many of the schools
there are "not sufficient desks to accommo
date all the pupils attending. While the
aggregate number of pupils without seats
is not large and may not exceed 200, the
law requires that provision be made for
their comfort. The Board of Education
has expressed ; its intention to -.provide
necessary desks, and this will undoubtedly
be done. The lack of accommodations,
according to the principals' reports is
most noticeable In, the Bernal, Jefferson,
Park, Clement and Irving Scott schools
U ..e reports show the following total en
rollment:
Burnett Grammar School 650 pupils.
S 1 ? 8 , J?r lg £ Sch001 543 « Buena Vista
School 325. Golden Gate School 392, Haight
School 512, Harrison School 319. Horace
Mann 882. Jefferson 410, ICoe Vallev 271
Pacific Heights 774, Sunriyside 120, Cooper
Primary 597, Longfellow 626, with an aver
age of 52 to each class; Irving 375, Hamil
tbn Grammar. 627. Bernal . 538, Lincoln
Evening 897, Commercial Department 336,
Sherman 453. •
cipals' Reports, Lack Sufficient
Accommodations.
Several Rooms, According to Prin-
MANY PUPILS CANNOT
FIND SEATS IN SCHOOLS
Ringllng Brothers' circus will open in
this city on Monday, August 26, and the
engagement will extend over a period of
seven days. The public undoubtedly has
a lively -recollection of the merits of this
great show and the enthusiasm it created
here last year. Although it was heralded
as a great- show, and one of imposing
magnitude, its 6ize and character was to
a great extent a surprise. The mere fact
that it was announced as a great show
was not convincing. Other shows of in
ferior Quality had been heralded in the
advance bills as "great."
Every circus that ever offered itself to
the attention of the show going people of
California has been, according to its ad
vance couriers, "the most stupendous ag
gregation on earth," and when the claim
was made for Ringling Brothers' circus
last year the wise ones simply smiled. The
discovery, ¦ therefore, that the show was
not only a great institution but one of
the greatest that had ever been seen in
this section of the country, was therefore
in the nature of a pleasant surprise.
This year the show returns with a long
roster of new attractions and. with all its
departments enlarged. A bigger and bet
ter show than even that of last season
is promised.
August 26.
gagement in This City on
Big Show "Will Begin a Week's En-
pus applied for by Frank J. Kane, secre
tary of the Pacific Coast Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, to ob
tain possession of the two Chinese girls,
Chan Ah Ying and Sow Yung, from Mrs.
Margaret L. Lake of the Chinese Metho
dist Mission, were filed In Judge Cook's
court yesterday morning. Mrs. Lake was
present in court.
Attorney Lennon. on behalf of Secretary
Kane, asked for time to prepare an an
swer to the return, and the Judge con
tinued the matter till Wednesday.
Kane claims that he is perfectly Justi
fied in the position he has taken. The
girls were rescued by him and he was ap
pointed their guardian. He placed them
In the Methodist Mission, as it was the
only course open to him at the time. Now
he has procured a home for one with a
reputable Chinese merchant and for the
other with Mrs. Sitton, 4 Clay avenue,
who is a teacher in the Chinese public
Echool. In that way he says the girls
will be free from the contaminating in
fluences of reclaimed Chinese fallen
women and will be better oft in every re
spect- He says he is simply following the
Fame practice as in the cases of white
children.
, Secretary Frank Kane Granted Time
to Answer Allegations of
Mrs. Lake.
The returns on the- writs of habeas cor-
RINGLING BROTHERS'
CIRCUS IS COMING
Ed Hoescher. -who pleaded guilty in
Judge Lawlor*8 court to a charge- of for
gery, was sentenced yesterday to three
years In San Quentin. H« passed a num
ber of . forged checks on the owners of
breweries and lost the money at the race
track. *;'¦*¦/.:;
Boescher Gets Three Years.
General Passenger Traffic Manager E.
O.. McCormlck of the' Southern Pacific
Company was called East yesterday to
Buffalo - to attend an ¦ important ¦ railroad
meeting. ' He had Just returned from the
Transcontinental Passengers' Association
meeting held In Colorado and was spend
ing a few days fishing at Lake Tahoe. .
Ross C. Cline, Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Wabash Railroad Company,
with headquarters in Los Angeles, passed
through this city yesterday on a business
trip to the Puget Sound. He Is accom
panied by his son.
Deputy Clerk John Fouga of the United
States District Court leaves * to-day for a
vacation in the coast mountains of Men
doclno County, where the red deer* bites
the unwary hunter." . V . 1',
Thomas O. Toland, who resides at -Ven
tura and is a member of the State Board
of Equalization, Is at the Llck.» -
United States District Judge* de Haven
returned yesterday from his vacation In
the mountains of Humboldt County, much
improved in health. . - •
Alec Brown, 'secretary of the State
Board of Equalization and a resident of
Milton, is at the Lick. .
C. Jesse Titus of Mountain View, ac
companied by. his wife, is staying at the
Palace. •
'G. 1 M. Martin, a prominent merchant of
Viola, Shasta County, is a guest at the
Lick.
Dr. E. C. Bull of Los -Angeles is a guest
at the Lick. •
George F. Buck, an attorney of Stock
ton, is at the Lick.
Judge N. O. Bradley of Vlsalla regis
tered at the Lick yesterday. "
J. C. Bull Jr. of Eureka, the well-known
contractor, is staying at the Lick.
TIGHT FOB POSSESSION
OF CHINESE GIRLS
PERSONAL MENTION.
Baldwin & Howell, who acted as agents
In the transaction, state that the trans
fers represent a settlement between the
Castro-street Land Company, the Glen
pany, as Indicated by , the revenue
stamps, was $150,000. and the consideration
In the deed from the Glen Park Company
to A. S. Baldwin and in the deed from
him to the Crocker Estate Company,. was
$125,000. The value of the property con
veyed by the Crocker Estate Company
&£:5 SSK"-, was * 30 ' 000 ' or a * rand
Under this transaction the property
known as Glen Park, embracing about
100 acres, is now vested In the Crocker
Estate Company and has been leased to
Chris Stader for flva years. The park
will , be kept I open as an amusement re
sort.
Park Company and. the Crocker Estate
Company, and that the transfers were
made to 1 close out tha interests of the
Glen Park Company and the Castro
street Land Company, these interests In
the properties, after the payment of tne
indebtedness to the Crocker Estate Com
pany, having been purchased by A. S.
Baldwin for a price approximating $73,000,
which Is represented in part by the con
veyance from the Crocker Estate Com
pany and by the assignment of mort
gages, contracts for the sale of real es
tate and other securities.
It can be " said, however, in an Impersonal
way. that during-, these long years many
changes have taken place in San . Francisco.
This community is ; blessed with a large num
ber of men and women whose personal efforts
to foster the cause of religion and humane
interests have succeeded beyond the imagina
tion of their elders. They have ou^rrown the
limitations of former times, when communal
wants were few, yet when those deep,-, broad
foundations were laid, upon which It Is com
paratively easy ¦ to build - superstructures - of
generous dimensions. Our community's great
advantage has been that the pioneers under
stood their business and that therefore they
have left us rich legacies In more than one
sense of -the word. "We have received from
them, as our religious and humane allotment,
institutions nursed by them- with the ., tenderest
care, founded by them with sagacity and com
petent foresight. Still, the business of the
second generation was an exceedingly delicate
one. To maintain is often more difficult than
to create. This signal blesslnsr has come to
us that the fine spirit of the elders passed Into
many of the children, bo that with the multi
plication of the numbers of the community
and the consequent springing up of new wants
there appeared no ' lack whatever of either
men or means to carry on the old and the new
work, to bear the greater burdens and to de
velop new interests with the fine enthusiasm
of the pioneer days. And this has. been the
greatest blessing and solace of the writer,
that during all the years of his ministrations
there has been no lack of leaders, no dearth
of the elect who do God's work, and hence the
noble harvest of Emanu-El is their glory and
.reward.* May God permit them to enjoy both
In full measure. •-
The record of this low? service 1b a part of
the history of the Temple Emanu-El and may
some day, in the .near "or distant future,, as
God wills, find its chronicler. No man Is a
competent Judge ! of his own service. What
appears -most worthy of notice to- him- may
be deemed unimportant and inessential to" oth
ers. . No man's history is completed until he
dies, and every day's service Is Important to
form- a Judgment of" the .whole. - Hence it
would be an assumption smacking- of self-con
ceit if the writer. were to venture an account
of the work done during' these- long years of
service, in the course of which a young man
travels ' toward life's meridian' arid " the glow
and ardor of youth are dampened by the ccoler
atmospheres of middle age. ' ' Still, * It.' is j not
amiss for any man who . renders proud ¦ and
willing service to look .back with satisfaction
upon the ; years' of his labors to recall with
emotions of gratitude the fine men and women
he has known, to be devoutly conscious of the
blessing of being permitted to serve a' com
munity nobly alive to its religious and ! hu
mane responsibilities and to express a hope
that future years, bringing greater knowledge
and experience, v may crown the toil of the past
with the blessing of a plenteous harvest. . So
much any man may do for himself without
being misunderstood, except by those who
make it their' business to misunderstand and
misinterpret him. But of ' the latter the
writer, happily, has had occasion to take very
little notice.
¦. Dr. Voorsanger was elected junior rab
bi of the congregation June 14, 18S6, and
preached his inaugural sermon on August
1 -of that year. .Until March, 1889, he
served conjointly with Rabbi Elkan Cohn;
who on March 11 of that year was gath
ered \ to his fathers ; and in April of the
succeeding year he was re-elected rabbi
of the congregation for a term of five
years,' having since that time been twice
re-elected for similar terms, his present
contract expiring August 1, 1905.
: - In an article written ' by the pastor,
which appears in the Temple Emanu-El,
he discusses his long service and takes
occasion to dwell on the kindness he has
enjoyed while, serving his . congregation.
In part he says: ..
' Rev. Jacob Voorsanger, pastor -of. the
Temple Emanu-El, -." preached a Berxnon
yesterday . commemorative of the conclu
sion .of . fifteen years of active : service ; as
Rabbi of the congregation. His Sabbath
subject was taken . from Joshua and en
titled "For and Against." Dr. Voorsanger
spoke | eloquently and interestingly. The
sermon was' purely a theological one and
in concluding he modestly dwelt on the
fact that. the day marked the anniversary
of fifteen years' labor among the people
he has learned to love and esteem. At
the close of services the pastor was con
gratulated by many of the congregation.
Rev. T. Brown of the A. M. E. Church
will preach thia morning on "Heaven."
and in the evening on "His Divine Teach
ing.
Reports of the great jubilee convention
at Boston will be given by delegates who
were in attendance at the Youngr Men's
Christian Association Auditorium this aft
ernoon at 3 o'clock. Dr. Clampett will be
among the speakers.
The monthly praise services of Simpson
Memorial Methodist [ Episcopal Church,
Hayes and Buchanan streets, will be re
sumed this evening. Among the choruses
to be rendered by the large choir are
Mendelssohn's "O- for the Wings of a
Dove" • and Haydn's "The Marvelous
Work." The programme Includes a male
quartet and a trio for ladies' voices. The
soloists are Mrs. H. V. Dickey. Miss
Gretchen Bernett and Miss Carrie Eulasa.
I. E. Blake is director and Miss Mabel
Jones organist.
The Young People's Society of Chris
tian Endeavor will hold 'a -Jubilee
meeting at the Bethel A. M. E. ; Church
this afternoon. George Littlefield, presi
dent of Golden Gate Union, will preside,
and addresses will be delivered by Rev.
William Rader, D.D., and Rev. Frank K.
Baker. : '
The sixth anniversary of the monthly
musical festival will be held in Grace
Church this evening. A special pro
gramme has been prepared for the occa
sion. ' . '
An organ recital and special concert will
be given this evening in -Emmanuel" Bap
tist Church on Bartlett street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third streets.
Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
Everlasting Gospel."
Rev. S. D. Kutsinplller of the Central
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Called and Known," and in the even-
Ing on "A Great Beginning."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
Unparalleled Blessedness," and in the
evening on "Liberty and Others."
Rev. John Hemphlll of Calvary Presby
terian Church will preach this morning on
"The Law of Christ," and In the evening
on "The New Song." '. •
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this even
ing on "The Wicked Prayer."
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Coming Church," and in the
evening on "Spiritual Sensitiveness.".
"Spirit" will i be the topic of discus
sion at the morning service of the First
Church cf Christ. Scientist.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Comfort the Lord."
Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "If Not Christianity, Then
What?" and in the evening on . "T;hat
Reckless Drifting." V '
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Sacramental Meditations,"
and in the evening on "Justified."-
Rev. Fathers Smith and Wyman of the
Paulist Order will open a jubilee mission
in Mission Dolores Church, at the 10:30
mass to-day. ' ¦
Rev. Father Philip O' Ryan, will preach
the sermon at the 11 o'clock mass in -St.
Mary's Cathedral this morning, and Rev.
Father Prendergast, V. G., will preach in
the evening.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning
on "Lessons from Mother . Earth." ¦ '»¦:
Very Rev. Father Frieden will also be
celebrant at the benediction of the blessed
sacrament; Rev. ; Father Sardl, S. J.,
deacon; Rev. Father Butler. S. J., sub
deacon; Rev. Father Bell, S. J., assistant,
and Rev. Father Culllgan master of cere
monies. .The choir, augmented for the oc
casion, will render special music. , . '
. The feast of St. Ignatius will be com
memorated with solemn services in St.
Ignatius Church to-day. At 10:30 o'clock
Very Rev. J. P. Frieden, S. J., will cele
brate a solemn high mass; Rev. Father
Bell, S. J., will.be deacon; Rev. Father
De Rop, S. J., subdeacon.and Rev. Father
Culllgan. S. J., master of .ceremonies.
The panegyric of the i saint, will be
preached by Rev. M. P. Smith, C. S. P.
In the evening there will be solemn ves
pers and benediction of the blessed sacra
ment. Very Rev. J. P. Frieden, S. J., will
be celebrant of the vespers and the as
sistants' will' be' Rev. Father De Rop, S.
J.. and Rev. Mr. Fleuren, S. J.- The"dis
course will be preached by Rev. James
McDonald of St. Charles Church.
Eminent Rabbi Preaches an
Eloquent Sermon on
the Anniversary.
Topics of Sermons to Be
-;.": Preached To-Day by
the Pastors.
Important Services to Be
I Held in St. Ignatius
Church. .
Serves Temple ¦ Emanu-
El Congreg'ation Fif
teen Years. ,
DR. VOORSANGER'S
LONG PASTORATE
WILL CELEBRATES
PATRONAL FEAST
Property Is Now Vested
in I Crocker Estate
r Company.
Deeds for Big Deal in Outside
Realty Filed for
Deefis were recorded yesterday from the
Callfonia Title Insurance and Tniat Com
pany, to the Crocker Estate Company,
from ; the Glen Park Company to A. S.
Baldwin and from A. S. Baldwin to the
Crocker Estate Company, embracing 1 the
property known as Glen Park and . . a
large amount of. land: adjacent.
¦¦¦' The consideration in the deed from tha
California Title Insurance and Trust
Company. to the Crocker Estate , Com-
GLEN PARK LAND
IS TRANSFERRED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST; 4, 1901.
22
WeelQy Gall $1.00 bbt Year
Cor. Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
wL*'3b. 'i^md^^.Q-Jo.
appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all others and it9 action on th«
ruptnred parta la qnick and effective Cures
accomplished by Its use are numbered by the
thousand. If ruptured investigate at ouce. , Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new •• Booklet No. 1."
Address Magnetic Truss Co., 1t45 Broadway (near
26th St),NewYork,or 206 Post St.. SaaFranci*co.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS-
Plain, embroidered, lace : trimmed,
•hemstitched; sheer lawn; 25c values.
¦REDUCED TO 3 FOR... ....:... 5Oc
.IN BRIEF— There's ¦ fancy. hosie:
ers, chemise,- lawn skirts, silk waists,
. prices. you'd scarce dare think of.
MTJSLIN 'GOWNS— Lace and em-
broidery yokes, several : styles: ' $1.25
and $1.50 values. REDUCED TO 95c
TO........ .....r......... 35c
stitched, at 25c; also ruffle tucks and
embroidery,' 50c values.". REDUCED
MTJSLIN DRAWERS-Splendld ma-
terial, full, cut, deep ruffle: hem-
SUMMER WRAPPERS of. percale
• and cashmerette; good fitting, .neatly
trimmed, well made garments: sizes
32 to 44: $1.25. and. $1.50 values. RE-
DUCED to ... ........ ..r.:. ...... .O5c
COLORED WASH WAISTS— Latest
style, all over, tucked, open back ef-
. f ect, v and . other . attractive styles In
percale, etc.; actual $1.00 up, to $1.50
values. REDUCED TO 5Oc AND
;¦'.'.... -:.v. ..... „.......;.:. 75c
;.....'..;....... :...,75c
CRASH PETTICOATS, also sateen
¦and mercerized sorts: plain - colors
'and fancy, several styles flounces:
values up to. $1.50. REDUCED TO
SEPARATE SKIRTS of splendid
black wool serge: have the correct
flare and stitched satin tailor finished
seams; our $5.00 values. REDUCED
TO ...83.50
• •• ••• —12Hc
FBENCH : FLANNEL WAISTS-
Colors and black: $2.50 to $3.50 values
REDUCED TO.. SI. 93 and gl.g
FLANNELETTE - GOWNS - Solid
colors, yokes hemtitched, lace and
braid trimmed slightly soiled- $1 50
values. REDUCED TO..........p5 c
y, neckwear, corsets, : belts, corsefcov-
child's mull hats, sunbonnets, etc., at
MUSIiIlT TTNDEBSKTBTSr-Stand-
ard material, full cut. well made.
Three styles, flounces of embroidery.
lace, hemstitched and tucks: $1.23
and $L50 values. REDUCED TO 95c
WHITE LiWlT. WAISTS — New
- goods, sheer, and prettily .made em-
broidery, tucks and lace trimmings,
.Bishop cuffs, etc.: values from JLOO
to 51.50. REDUCED TO.... 75 C
SUMMER JACKETS— Stylish man-
too coats In shades of tan,
fine wool covert, silk lined: our regu-
lar $5.00 to $8.50 values. REDUCED
TO........ ............ ...... .....:82.5O
CKELDBEN'S HOSIEBY-Flne or
heavy rib. double knee and foot, sorts
for boys or girls, fast black, seam-
less; 20c values.. REDUCED TO......
•••••••• ••••••• 83.25
GOLF SKIRTS of wool slald back
go\t cloth, shades of gray, tailor
" finished, deep stitched at bottom;
our $5.00 values. REDUCED TO
OPTICIANS^^H^A^T^
642 Market 5t. instruments
under CHROwcii BUU.0IN&. CaTALOGUJ FR£t.
Oculist** Prescrlp'a. Filled. Phone— Main JX
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
'Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
'Replaced for Fifty Cents.
Any Astlgmat'c Lens Duplicated for
&1.OO to Sl. SO.
SEE SHOW WINDOW DISPLAY.
COMMENCING MONDAY— and continuing during the entire
week — our final clearing-out sale of all odds and ends and bfoken lines
of Summer Goods from every section of the house will be held in our
spacious "Basement Bargain Salesroom." The STASTLING PRICE
BEDTJCTIONS on seasonable goods of the highest class, for which
you've a present and future need.* means an economy you can only fully
'appreciate. by ATTENDING THIS SALE.V Space permits of but brief
mention of a few items. Always an advantage in favor of early choosers
in an event of this kind. DO NOT MISS IT1 ' * i
In Basement Salesroom.
¦ ' - - . - ¦ ' _ ¦'"¦.-..¦-"' ' t
DR. G. | B. SUSSDORFF,
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
Late Superintendent Physician City
and Countv Hospital.
MENTAL. AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS.
Twenty Tears' Experience.
Patients may be treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. Offlce Glasgow Building.
105 Ellis »t.. near Powell. Hours. 10 to 13
a. xn., 2 to 4 p. m.
JUST OPENED.
400 nieces latest stules Plain and Chenille Dot
TUXEDO FACE VEILINGS.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
We have Just recelYed from the factoru of
L: N. RICHARDSON, SONS & OWDEN, '"BESS
BROOK, IRELAND," a special purchase of
SEVEN CASES 'LINEN HDCK TOWELS, In
small, medium and large sizes.
The above Towels are hemmed, fringed and
hemstitched, and were purchased hu us at the
mills at much less than present prices.
Housekeepers, Hotel-keepers and the Puhlic
ffenepaliu are asked to inspect these Towels
wltjout delau, Prices range from $1.25 to
S4.OO Dozen.
| Our Regular Semiannual Sale |
1 Ladies' Muslin Underwear ..{
J Manufacturers Samples of High Grade White Goods |
on sale on our third floor ¦ :\ } -'<- . |
g ..y. At an average of; 5Oc .on: -the .dollar. -
% Again has one of America's largest. manufacturers of Muslin • p
c Underwear sacrificed his entire sample line to us. We can (£
g assure patrons who have attended our former white goods sales, • S
w that this opportunity not only/equals, but surpasses all our r W
v| previous efforts. , Every garment is different, every one is w
g new arid desirable. They are perfectly made in every detail, j|
j daintiest trimmings are characteristic features and prices are 3
» considerably lower than those ever quoted for similar goods.- "h
% Nip^ht Gowns At 48c » 67C « 72C ' 8 3c, $1.05 |
p. x^l^UL VJUV\11O Si.5oandupto$3. 7 5. |
% :'¦ -These prices are less than the cost of manufacturing. 1?
f? '/^i -'¦•'¦'¦'¦ • ". , - : ;; ' p.,- r. i w
U I nPmiQPQ At 30c, 42c, 58c, 67c, 72c, 9 c, and as tj
I A^IICIIHSCS high 5 as$ l 85 / I
a : .' . About one-half what the regular prices would be. ¦%
i rr) rawer s At 25C » 35c. 48c, 67c, 72c, 83c, and :up I
S ., > x ** * ? x to $2.25. ' K ' , ¦ 4
fa •; . These are about one-half the regular prices. "h
1 1 Corset Covers I
£ -; ¦ Worth jiKt about twice as much.
i 'Skirts* At 72C » 83C » 98c » felts* §1-50. $1-85 1
ft .". ¦ * and as high as $7.00. The materials alone §'
« •¦"' in these skirts cannot be purchased at these prices. \ .
g '¦¦:. . See our mammoth window display of these goods. \
1 Regular 75c, 85c and Ji-oo a yard g
I ¦-.'' ' ' Dress Silks . \
1 /' 4-O cents> \
j ".Commencing to-morrow, in our Silk Department, we will S
R dose out at a great loss, the balance of various lines of this |
season's importations. The collection comprises choice designs in I?
g ."•¦ Black Plisse Striped Taffetas— Colored Taffetas g
£ Black Lace and Satin Stripe Silks — Fancy Silks §1
g -;' r Fancy Striped Taffetas— Black Silk Brocades f
S •"-¦ Figured. Foulard Silks — Colored Crepes, etc. g!
S .;•¦ These are. the greatest Silk Values ever offered 2
g ~" at 4OC a yard 7g
g . Great Remnant Clean-up Sale of |
1 Laces and Trimmings |
I S« ; One- third Off I
g A J4 off Remnant Sale, begins to-morrow in the Lace and fc
g Trimming Department. We have done- a large business in w
I this department and as" a consequence a great many odd. |
I lengths have accumulated. Sale includes remnants of Laces, a
g Trimmings, Allover Laces, Spa'ngled Nets, Brussell's Nets and j§
K Chiffons. A chance to secure some of the choicest things of k
*j the season at a fraction of their real worth. y
g To close out quickly, we will deduct from the 2 2 — °/ %
J remnant marked prices. . Jy3 'O '0
L«shk?| 125 to 131 Kearnp Street "L^^^d
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Of the San Francisco Daily Bul-
; letin Is Thoroughly Convinced
: That May eric's Glasses Are
FAR SUPERIOR to All Others.
for weak eyes and poor sight, headaches, dizzi-
ness," cloudiness of vision, floating spots, pain
about the eyes, behind the head or In temples,
nervousness, sore eyes, discharging eyes, feel-
ing like sand In the eyes, crosseyes. burning,
smarting, itching, scratching,' twitching. eyes,
etc. ;Mayerle's glasses rest. the eyes, strength-
en the ODtlc nerve and preserve the eight.
These glasses are now used by the highest
United States ' Army, Navy and Government
officials. ;— .
The Wrong Glasses Will Ruin tits Strongest Eyei.
MAYERLE'S CLASSES STRENGTHEN
i THE EYE AND BRAIN.
NEGLECTED EYESIGHT
AFFECTS THE BRAIN.
Also graduate AMERICAN COLLEGE OP
OPHTHALMOLOGY; charter member AMERI-
CAN ASSOCIATION OP OPTICIANS.
.: j 1071j^ V MARKET STREET
(Nearly Opposite Hibernia Bank, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.).
. Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age; also whether glasses are -wanted for
reading or distance, or both: and -what price.
Consultation, Examination and Advice Free.
Open Evenings Until 9. Telephone South 673.
GERMAN EYEWATER. 5Oc.
. CUT THIS OUT.
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
German Expert ' Optician.
GEORGE MAYERLE,
/*% Rupture Cures.'
i\ *3 Tne celebrated California In-
(V /jS-Sgjo mentor. Dr. Pierce, discovered
ft "^^i*B that the onN remedy for Bup-
\n j/*&f£?i ture 3 Electricity, and in per-
Jl fL^jCj fecting hia wonderful Electro-
3^^>0* <* ?J »?7 Magnetic Trass and estab-
Sf?.*Xi • lishin " lt9 8ale throughont
*'Sj|\fSt*i^3ffiSt ' tbe 'world, he gave to suf-
wmmHW^ ferers from this dangerous
Sypi^t^^gBBflM; malady the relief and se-
cnrity vainly songht for
elaeTrhere. TWsrenovmed
) The J. Noonan Furniture Co. (Inc.) )
111 I
CANE SEAT CHAIRS, 90c EACH. 1
i We are carrying an immense line of
these chairs, in an infinite variety of '
styles and handsome patterns; all
prices, too. You see as we have no
rent to pay we sell very much to your
advantage, and you will find it so in
every line of household furnishings,
and we have a very complete stock.
Can furnish your entire house; try us. )
The J. Hoonan Furniture Company, 1
(Incorporated.) . I
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET,\
Above Sixth, San Francisco. \
VTe close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday. I
Ml. I13, II5. 1I7. H9. 12! POST STREET.
Sf^ir^r^e air"
4 JSK/f eas^y : a °d luxuriously—
l/S^0%S^> this is the sensation of
-(j/^^Ss, walkin g with the new rtocc^i?
///^ Patent Leathers, both /^&)gi
/f / Oxfords and Boots, that fffc^^T«fmr
|| , we have just received for Tjfi ftj^ aS5T
p^W $3.50 Department Jr
\^A\|ly of shoes for Men and V
jL^J^j/s •¦¦:•¦.:; Women. They are a \ll'' H
•"HJ^w-' . j 1 ' ill m
Js\ large and complete as- til \'M:
S^ U .' sortment of .absolutely «J y-
f tS&KJ&A " ew and exclusive styles, ilA
x^YmAiT**! that satisfy the mostcrit- il
vLv\lv>/ ical taste C II d IIVA silver coin Is usually in currency for
about twenty-sevenjyears." • ¦
The, only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and' St.
Louis daily, - allowed at 5 Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher." 12fi CnHfnrnia street. . •':
"The Missouri Pacific . Limited.?
B Charles McArdle, a boy employed at. the
Pacific Rollins. Mills, .appeared; in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday on the charge of
stealing a potato last Thursday jl'rom a
case.in:front of a' ; grocery at Folsom and
Ritch streets. _ He: was arrested by Special
Officer i Deasy. The . Judge dismissed • the
case and severely reprimanded Deasy for
his conduct in not only arresting the boy
on such .-a -frivolous, ; charge, :but also tor
hitting. him with his club. ¦
Boy Stole a Potato.
At the request of Attorney, Lennon th»
case of Peter McGlade. charged with for
gery on the Mtarphy warrant, was put on
the reserve calendar pending the decision
on the motion for a new trial In the casa
of the Sullivan warrant, on wnicn he was
convicted and sentenced. The second caaa
of . embezzlement against A. C. Wldber,
ex-City Treasurer, was' also put on tho
reserve calendar, so as to offset any move
ment for a pardon of the prisoner.
Put on. Beserve Calendar.
The Association. of Electrical Mechanics
celebrated • their anniversary, last
Friday with, a banquet at a downtown
restaurant. President Arthur F. Irving of
tha association acted as master of cere
monies . ; and called I on the . different mem
bers present to assist by speech," song or
story In helping the hours along. Among
those present at:, the * jollification were:
Arthur F. -Irving,- J. Caldwell, J.: Mardes,
E. Schlessinger. J. Deveomon.'VE.JWis
kotschell. M.i Mamlock, '.. W. Connessf J.
Smith, Ed: Smith, J. J. Ortner.V William
Law, H. Ludolph, W. Ludolph, G. Shu
man. M. Levy. W. D.. Hinton, T: Frost:
J._ Roxburgh, J. L. Cook. J. .J. < Marshall
of Honolulu and R. G. Alexander. .-.:¦,'
Electrical Mechanics Banquet.
Benjamin >West : of '¦[ 3363. Seventeenth
street was [ reported S at I the Coroner's : of
fice yesterday as missing since! last Fri
day. ; He; had. been employed in the Cali
fornia Hotel and after drawing his salary,
disappeared.* ' - ¦ -,--•¦ r <¦ .<;
Aritone'Casselli of 1524, Stockton street
left home last Friday to look for. work
and has not been heard from since. West
is 20 and Casselli 22 years > old.
Two Young Men Missing.
: Chin Chong.'lO^ Trenton street, report
ed at police headquarters yesterday the
disappearance of hfs „ wife, : Di 'Choy, a
week ago yesterday. Detective McMahon
was . detailed . on the case, ' and he .ascer
tained that the woman had left her, hus
band because^ he compelled her- to work
to support him. He gambled away all the
money she made. 'She- told "Lee Poo, a
neighbor's wife, that she was to get em
ployment in a -white' family.-
Chinese. Woman Disappears.
A passenger -had dropped a lighted
match or a cigar between the double par
titions that separate the dummy from the
inclosed portion" of the car, and as it was
rolling along toward the residence district
a, small boy sa.w the smoke curling up
from -the : 'burning ..woodwork .and he
promptly yelled* "The car's on fire!"
Instantly there was a panic among* the
fair passengers, the majority of whom
jumped from the car before it was brought
to a standstill. The gripman ¦ and con
ductor, aided; by the •¦ male •- passengers,
formed a "bucket brigade," and pails of
,water,were carried from a convenient cor
ner grocery to the scene of the conflagra
tion. The blaze was. speedily quenched
and the car sent to the shops for repairs.
A cable, car on the McAllister street line
was dif cohered to Ve on fire while making
a trip to Golden Gate Park yesterday
morning, arid considerable exciten.ent re
sulted among passengers and spectators
before. the'flames .were extinguished.
Attorney' Hirsch, who represents -the
company, said | that ¦ .the company - had
for the past J two • years missed different
articles from tlteir store and no trace of
the thief. could be discovered. Finally they,
notified the police, and Detectives j Ryan
and O'Dea were detailed on the case.' The
result was ths. Issuance .yesterday of the
warrant for Zacharia's arrest. It is al
leged that "during the .past two years
about $200 wortn -of- goods has been stolen
from the ' store ' by the boy Harrison and
sold ' to | Zacharia. The amount was orig
inally given as $2000. ¦; The boy may not
be arrested, but every effort is to ba made
to punish j Zacnaria ¦ fc-r. receiving ;, the
stolen property. - :'..: ¦'¦.. -
David. Davis, a member of the firm of
Goldstein Brothers & Co., notions, 12 Sut
ter street, swore; to a complaint in Judge
Cabaniss.' court yesterday for the arrest
of Abraham Zacharia, second-hand;deal
er, on Minna street, near Second, on the
charge of receiving stolen property. It is
alleged in the- complaint that on June 7
Zacharia .bought a lot of combs. 1 brushes
and pocketbooks, valued at $25, which was
stolen from the company's store by Am
brose Harrison, a boy employed there. -
. "Send me $130, care of J. L. Park, secre
tary Board of Public Works, San Fran
cisco. Will .write."
A reply came yesterday morning that
no such- person as J. M. Beardsley was
known there., nor. was there such a place
as the Alta House.
'Captain Seymour was determined to find
out something about the man and detailed
Detective Harry Reynolds for that pur
pose, with the result mentioned. J. Leo
Park, secretary to the Board of Public
Works, saw the: man in the hospital and
became interested in him, advancing him
money. To show Park that he was all
right he sent a dispatch to J. M. Beards
ley, Alta Hous3, Altoona, Pa., on August
1, signing, it J. M. Beardsley Jr,, as fol
lows: - : ¦'¦:¦¦' :•: ¦
The supposed footpad victim who was
found in an unconscious condition on Mc-
Allister street early Wednesday morning
is known in Madera as Ed Meeker. He
worked in "W. W. Hunter's drugstore 'in
that city and was looked upon as mentally
unbalanced. At times when in his crazy
moods he would. cry out, "Don't take my
rings off," just, as he did when being taken
to "the Receiving Hospital "Wednesday
morning. He caid there was insanity in
his family and his grandfather died in an
insane asylum. He left Madera last week.
Boy Shouts Alarm Prom the
Curb and a Wild Panic :
Ensues. . ¦ '
Abraham Zacharia Accused
of Receiving Stolen
. Property. .
Man Picked Up on the Street
Believed to Be Mentally
Weak.
CABLE CAR ON FIRE
SCARES PASSENGERS
WARRANTS OUT FOR
AN ALLEGED FENCE
Arrangements— John Tonnlnysen (chairman).
Bertha W. Stark. Grace Buswell. P. F. Fergu
son, Sam A. Clark.
Reception— Ralph Hathorn (chairman). Colonel
and Mrs. Charles Boxton, Colonel and Mrs.
Adolph Huber. Captain and Mrs. Thomas A.
Nerney. S..B. Bo&art. 'Burt Davis, Franlc Fair
cloth. Roderick Guyett. Judge C. G. Groozin
«>r. William Gllehrlat. . Dr. . Emlnel Halsted.
Alma Harder. Dr. and Mrs. /William Hassler.
Dr: William Edwards, Dr. Benjamin Korts.
Kathrjn Kerrigan, Henry Knust. Mr. and Mr*.
George Ltebold, Jane McLaughlin.. Minni»
Stebbir.3, Charlea B. York; Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas H. Browne. Mr. and Mrs. Thomaa P.
Burns. Dr. Thomas ServJsa. ¦
Floor— Dr. James W. Likens (cfc»lrman). Ca?
tain George W. Wtttman. Harry Johnson Ida
May Roberts. Colonel George Downy. .Edith
Boyes. Matthew . J."- Lindsay^ Carrie Feldman.
Alexander. Bergen. Puss McClure William H..
Thomas, Milton Unffer. Frank Zack. George B.
Dora Adelsteln. «
Grand Secretary . Mrs. . Kate J. "Wlllatts
spoke for the Grand Chapter. As It was
not a night for speech making none others
were called upon. *
. The following committees had coarse of
the function:
California Chapter of the Order, of the
Eastern Star celebrated the first anniver
sary of Its Institution by a. ball and.sup
per in Golden Gate Hall last night. The
fui-ction was for members of the chapter
exclusively and of the 250 all but a dozen
were present. The decoration of the hall
was most artistic and the brilliant light
brought out the charming effects, which
were added to by the elegant costumes
worn by the ladies.. The grand march
was led by Worthy Patron John Tonnlng
sen and Worthy Matron Mrs. Lizzie Ton
ningsen. During intermission supper was
served. The worthy patron presided and
gave a brief history of the chapter. He
stated that a year ago It was started with
125 members, and since that time had
doubled its membership, paid $400 for par
aphernalia, disbursed $300, in. charity and
now had $1583 In Its treasury.
Celebration of the First Anniversary
of Its Institution by Ball and
Supper.
CALIFORNIA CHAPTER
OF THE EASTERN STAR
ALLEGED VICTIM OF
FOOTPADS EXPOSED
The Right Rev., W. F. Nichols, D. D.,
Bishop of the California diocese, will offi
ciate. He will be assisted by the Right
Rev. W. H. Moreland, D. D., Bishop of
Sacramento, and the Rev. , George E.
Swan, the rector of the church. The vest
ed choir, under the direction of Dr. Percy
R. Harrisoji, will sing. Bishop Nichols
will deliver an address.
The Bishop Kip Memorial Church, which
Is being erected by St. Mark's parish, will
form a new style of church architecture
on the other side of the bay. There
only a few buildings like it
mony will be In accordance with the usual
Episcopal form and will be marked by
dignified simplicity.
This style of construction has ' many
strong advocates, who urge it as the com
ing way of erecting buildings. A house
on the coast. ' The church has been
designed according to the Spanish
renaissance, the same style of architec
ture which was used at the Pan-American
Exposition. The design resembles closely
the old mission style. On a foundation
of solid concrete a substantial wooden
framework will be erected. The frame
will be covered with perforated sheets of
expanded steel and over the steel will be
placed a coat of cement. "When the steel
Is entirely coated the outside of the
church will resemble a cement pavement.
The roofs will be of metal Spanish tiles,
but the domes will be of cement. The en
tire building will be painted.
thus built, it Is claimed, is more. durable
than brick or stone.
The church, following Episcopal tradi
tions, .•.will. ,be cruciform. ¦ Three- aisles,
symbolics t-of.the- Trinity; will -lead-to the'
chancel. At the beginning of the three
aisles .will be the baptismal font.
One of the principal features of the
building will be the main tower at the
corner of Ellsworth street and Bancroft
way. There .will be the principal en
trance. Under a subsidiary tower on Ells
worth street will be another entrance. In
the open belfry of the main tower the
congregation hopes to place chimes. Upon
the Bancroft-way side will be a cloister
the length of the nave. Between the two
towers-and exactly opposite the altar will
be the baptistry. It will form a distinct
feature and will be one step above the
main floor. It will be lighted by five win
dows to be erected to the memory of de
parted infants.
Another feature will be the rounded
apsidal chancel. There will be no east
window, so common In most churches, but
the chancel will be illuminated by^a belt
of skylights, hidden from the view of the
audience. The lighting will be good, as
neither at night, nor day will there be n
glare in' the eyes of the. congregation. All
electric lights will be hidden.
Back of the altar a semi-circular ambu
latory will connect the robing room on the
north with the rector's study and vestry
on the south. The chancel will accommo
date a large choir.
The building is 84x132^ feet, exclusive
of steps. With the steps it practically
covers a 100x150 foot lot. The church will
seat 800 people. When completed it will
cost $15,000. ¦-. .
The plans were drawn by William Cur
lett of San Francisco, who adapted a de
sign by Joseph Neill of Pittsburg, Pa.
De "Ware & Quinn of San Francisco are
the contractors.
The church will be ready for occupancy
by Christmas.
Speeches were delivered by Mr. McCar
thy. Mr. Flynn. Mr. Harrington" and W.
M. Miller. Messrs. Flynn and Harrington
pledged themselves to look after * the in
terests /of : the workingmen. .Mr. Miller
represented the' Primary League. In his
speech he said that if St. Peter was to
come down from- heaven -and, be'nomi
nated for an office in a convention con
trolled by Kelly and Crimmins he would
be defeated. He said this was another
Estee year, and It behooved. the party to
put up the best ticket. If, the bo3ses were
mixed up in the election, • no matter how
good the nominee might b*; he would be
defeated. He said '¦ the Primary League
would have men at the polls who would
see that all the votes were properly
counted. '• •'•¦¦' ¦¦¦¦',
The following delegates who will-appear
on the ticket from the Thirty-second
trict received the indorsement of the club:
Dr. ,.T. ¦» B. de Witt, Albert « Lerche^ Mark
Crowley.D.tC. Duff, C. N. Erickson, Wal
ter Moreno, G.*W. Getchell and Hamilton
Elliott. ' - •
The officers of the Thirty-second Dia-
That the Republicans of the Thirty
second District do not intend to allow
the bosses to control their delegation in
the coming convention was evidenced at
the. meeting cf the Primary League Dis
trict Club last evening. The session was
held" at 444 Brannan street and a truly
representative gathering was present.
The club is made up of workingmen. who
are tired of boss rule and who are anxious
to have their, representatives nominate
men who If. elected will give a hearing to
the laboring class and If they promise the
workingmen certain reforms will not vio
late their pledges. , ;. ' ..
The meeting was a lively one. Some
excellent speeches were delivered. The
language at times, was not elegant, but
it was forcible enough to win the plaudits
of the auditors. " •
William Harrington, president of the
Thirty-second District Club, left a sick
bed to" attend the meeting. He was as
sisted-during the deliberations by T. C.
Duff, a very popular citizen of the dis
trict. Z. T. Cason was the first speaker
introduced. He dwelt at' length on tha
advisability - of- having harmony in the
party and he appealed to the members to
vote for men who" were upright and would
be true to party principles. '
One of- the. best speeches of the evening
was, delivered by Mr. Duff. It was an
address that was appreciated by 'the
laboring men. Mr. Duff submitted the
names of William Harrington, John Ken
ny and John T. Flynn. as the club's del
egates to :the coming. convention." On rno
tion of Mr. King the trio were nominated
unanimously. ¦
Thirty-Second District.
Yesterday there were 600 new registra
tions and 1200 changes of residence. I Offi
cers of the Republican Primary League
are elated over the big registration. It
is regarded as a sure harbinger of vic
tory.
The league, having accomplished its pur
pose in getting citizens to register, will
now exert its power to get citizens to
vote at the primary. Candidates do not
count in the league's calculations. A con
vention composed of . representative citi
zens — a straight-out, inflexible, uncom
promising anti-boss convention— is de
manded by the Republican Primary
League. If citizens elect the delegate
tickets indorsed by the league a conven
tion of that character will be won. A
candidate for office who will not subor
dinate his own claims to the general wel
fare of the community is simply a selfish
seeker of office and is not entitled to pub
lic support. ¦ ¦
Registration for the primary election
closed at 11:30 o'clock last night. The
number of registered voters exceeds
78,000. the largest list ever recorded in
San Francisco.
Anti-Boss Convention Demanded.
The old-time bosses, Kelly and Crlm
mins, waiting for a turn- in events, saw
with increasing apprehension the grow
ing power and influence of the Republican
Primary League in municipal affairs. The
bosses seized the opportunity to join
forces with the disgruntled Grand Hotel
ers. When the fusion was secretly ef
fected the bosses began to cry out .that
It was time for the Republican State Cen
tral Committee to interfere and indorse
Boss Kelly's County Committee as the
regular party organization!
The State committee, which at best is
only a ragged-edged boss aggregation,
quickly responded and executed the pro
gramme handed down by Kelly, Gage,
Crlmmins. Herrin, Lynch and Parker.
The whole story of the shameful indorse
ment was told the day after the commit
tee met. Cheap.politicians from Los An
geles and Santa Rosa presented a pro
gramme, which j the boss push In San
Francisco swallowed at a gulp.
The. foolish Intrusion of the State body
In local affairs had a result just the op
posite of what the bosses counted on. Cit
izens of San Francisco, respecting the
honored princiyle of self-government and
applauding the noble sentiments of home
rule, gave renewed support to the Repub
lican Primary League. The State interfer
ence really intensified the demoralization
of the allied bdfcses. To break the grow
ing ¦ prestige of the league the bosses
pawned the patronage of : the State ad
ministration over and over again. : The
wary politicians knew that every place in
the gift of tho, State administration was
plastered with % ten promises, hence the
boss overtures were regarded as gold
brick' offerings. '
The Primary League is still growing In
public confidence and support. It prom
ises to win oul in tho election of dele
gates to the municipal nominating con
vention. Signs of a popular uprising in
the cause of anti-boss, municipal govern
ment are noted in several districts. The
enthusiasm of the campaign is extending
to all the districts. A big vote at the
primary election August 13 will, seal the
doom of the allied bosses.
Allied Bosses Alarmed.
. The Republican Primary League was
organized for the purpose of awakening
in the minds of the people a full sense
of the importance of the approaching
elections. Impressed with the idea that
the bosses and others of the predatory
classes ' could not succeed if . the forces
of good citizenship were rallied at the
primaries, the founders of the league es
tablished cIuds in every district of- the
city and used all the means available to
get. the names of voters on the register.
When the first steps were taken to or
ganize the league prominent merchants,
taxpayers, worKingmen, professional men
and representative citizens generally were
consulted. It was submitted, at the out
set that honest administration of munici
pal affairs under the auspices of the Re
publican party was the main object In
view. Leading citizens of the party gave
unqualified, indorsement of the enter
prise. For a time the only opposition the
league encountered came from candidates
who had figured on capturing the munici
pal convention. Chief opponents In this
regard were the legatees of the defunct
Grand Hotel party. They had in view
the offices of Sheriff and District Attor
ney. They calculated that the people
would pay so little attention to the pri
mary election that delegates favoring
their candidates would be elected with
out .opposition. When they saw unmis
takable signs of a large vote they took
alarm and opened war on the promoters
of the league. ¦ • ¦'
dered the cause of good municipal
government superior -service. The list of
registered voters Is remarkably large and
the credit for the increase is due largely
to the orderly work of the league.
THE Republican Primary League
deserves special credit for its ex
cellent work In agitating the ques
tion of registration. It has ren-
To the Honorable the Board of Election Com
missioners—Gentlemen: In looking over th«
list of delegates put forward by a Democratic
club of which Saul Magner is chairman you
will notice that quite a number of those gen
tlemen have been sworn In as election offi
cers. We are under the Impression that the
election laws do not permit of this; at any
rate you will readily perceive of the Injustice
of permitting them to serve. They will have
the advantage of soliciting votes inside the
polling places, to say nothing- of the advantage
sained In counting their own votes. Should
disputes arise, it is but natural to presume that
they will not construe the doubt against them
selves. In the Interest of decency and. Justice
to all. we trust your honorable board will give
the matter your immediate attention. Respect
fully. SARATOGA DEMOCRATIC CLUB.
JESSE A. GALLAND, Secretary.
Jesse A. Galland. secretary of the Sara
toga Democratic Club, Thirty-ninth. As
sembly District, yesterday sent the fol
lowing communication to the Board of
Election Commissioners:
SAN FRANCISCO. An*. 3.
Democrats Protest.
The Forty-second Assembly District
Club of the Republican Primary League
will meet Tuesday night at Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter street, to consider the
ticket for the coming primary election.
• The Republicans of the Fortieth Assem
bly District will meet Thursday night at
2045 Point Lobos avenue. J. B. Sykes.
chairman.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Thirty-eighth Assembly • District
will hold a meeting Tuesday night at 8
o'clock at Mascotte Hall. 1106. Golden Gate
avenue. Myrtile Cerf. president: A. M.
Currie. secretary. Addresses will be de
livered on the is-sues of the campaign.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Thirty-first Assembly District -will
hold a general meeting at its headquar
ters, 227 Ninth street, Monday evening.
Prominent speakers will address the'meet-
Ing in regard to the coming primary elec
tionl .. "•-". - ¦ • • • i
Primary League Meetings.
J. K. Jones, president of the club, acted
as chairman, and in a few well chosen
words opened the affair, telling his audi
tors of the object for which the club had
been formed and exhorting them- to us«
their most strenuous efforts to further
this object, and to do their duty as citi
zens and honest men In attempting to
wipe the stain of corrupt government
from our city and give to San. Franei3co
upright, .reliable and clean business men
to act as the directors of her destiny. Mr.
Jones was followed by A. P. Van. Duser.
D. W. Buchard and N. T. Coon, all of
whom spoke along the same lines, urging
their hearers to stand firmly together,
particularly that now they were ¦ prac
tically assured of an ultimate victory.
Though these speeches were interspersed
with songs, musical selections, stories and
jokes; though no pressure -was brought to
bear on any one in the audience to join
the organization; though no influence was
used in any way whatever, in fact, and
although the meeting, as has been stated,
was more of a social affair than anything:
else, yet at its conclusion so many: came
forward and voluntarily asked to be al
lowed to sign the rolls that the club's
roster can now show nearly five hundred
names. All of these names belong to
reputable business men, many of them are
representative of the younger element,
which has not been long enoueh in public
life to experience its corrupting influences,
and not a few are those who in former
years followed the standard of bosslsm
and now. at the eleventh hour, come seek
ing forgiveness. " •
Last night the Thirty-seventh District
Primary Club held an informal smoker.
The purposes of the meeting could hardly
be considered political in the real mean
ing of the word. The primary object of
the gathering was to have/' a good time,
and to bring the different members of th«
new organization into closer social re
lationship with each other. There were
cigars and tobacco in abundance and a
band and the Columbia Quartet supplied
the musical end of the programme.
Nowhere in the city is the good work
bringing about better and more thorough
ly satisfactory results than in the Thirty
seventh District. Through the efforts of
J.-K. Jones and other district leaders an
immense amount of enthusiasm has been
aroused, and if the feeling in that pajrt
of the city is a criterion ! of the general
sentiment through the entire municipality,
and there Is every reason to believe it is,
the 13th of August will go down in the
history of. San Francisco as the day
upon which it Is eminently ' right and
proper for the few survivors of the old
"push" to decorate the graves of the.
bosses.
Thirty-Seventh District.
trlct Club are: President. William Har
rington; vice president. George Murphy;
secretary. D. Klrby; directors— J. Carroll.
A. Archer and P. Goldstein.
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols; D:D.; Bishop of .California; Diocese,
Will Officiate; Assisted by Bishop Moreland; the Vested Choir
Will Sing and Bishop Nichols Will Deliver, an Address
CEREMONIES OF DIGNIFIED SIMPLICITY
ARE TO MARK LAYING OF CORNERSTONE
OF THE BISHOP KIP MEMORIAL CHURCH
Seventy-Eight Thousand Voters Are Regis
\ \terejd~-Sign of a Popular Uprising Against '
\ the Alliance of the Unscrupulous Bosses
BIG REGISTRATION INDICATES
VICTORY FOR PRIMARY LEAGUE
TICKET ON DAY OF ELECTION
Pap 23 to 32
The yield of .English and Scotch;pota
toes will be fully up. to the average, while
Ireland promises the best yield since 1835,
which was a grand year. '
Barley, likewise. Is of good quality, but
the quantity is , below the average, and
oats are too thin to make a big crop.<
LONDON, Aug. 3.— The wheat harvest
in the United Kingdom has been in full
swing for a week and the Mark'Lane Ex
press calculates that, although the qual
ity is fine, the yield in the most important
counties will be four quarters to the acre,
against the usual five Quarters. .<
Large Potato Crop in Ireland.
Peter Jensen and -bis— wife. Johanna,
•were ordered yesterday by^ Judge Graham
to make up and go home to their children.
Mrs. Jensen wanted a divorce on the
ground of cruelly.. Jensen had his wife
arrestfid on a charge of insanity. Dr. Lus
tlg. however, examined Mrs. Jensen. and
concluded that she was not insane, hence
Jensen's charge fell. Judge Graham con
cluded that Jensen was not cruel, so Mrs.
Jensen's charge fell. The result was that
the couple took the court's advice and left
the courtroom together. *_ ">
Suits for divorce have been filed by I^el
lie A Greene against Nathaniel Greene
for desertion, and Charles A. Phelps
against Lydia A. Phelps for desertion.
In the Divorce 'Court.
Mrs/ Lillian Gladtnan, 37 Juniper street,
secured a warrant from Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of her husband, G.
W. Gladman, a teamster, on the charge of
battery. Some months ago she ! said he
left her and went to live with another
woman. On July 19 he went to her home,
and she said he beat her unmercifully.
She had been unable to leave the house
to get the warrant till yesterday.
Beaten by Her Husband.
A reception and concert will be given
to-morrow evening by the Toung Men's
Christian Association. In honor of Secre
tary Henry J. McCoy of that organiza
tion and his wife. The occasion will mark
the twentieth anniversary of the secre
tary's assumption of the duties of his
office. .
The board of managers has arranged an
excellent programme for the concert. The
reception will follow the concert, taking
place in the parlors of the association s
buifding. Mason and Ellis streets. The'
rntire building will be thrown open to the
inspection of those who attend the affair,.
no invitations being required. The talent
to appear at the concert include Hynes
Orchestra Knickerbocker Quartette. Mrs.
Isella Van Pelt Mills, Miss Kelleher,
WilHaxn Ogilvie. J. Casad and H. I. Todtl.
tian Association to Be Honored
by Associates.
Active Worker of Young Men's Chris-
SECBETAB.Y McCOY TO .
BE TENDERED RECEPTION
This is the particular statement in the
Interview that is causing the greatest
amount of comment, as the objection
does appear in full on the record, which
slums that the second panel of jurors
¦was regularly brought into court and the
objection was made at the trial before
Judge Shaw, and not for the first time
before the Supreme Court when the case
went before that body on appeal.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 3.— Judge Shaw
was seen , to-night and Informed that
members of the Supreme Court were of
the opinion that he was in error or had
been misquoted in regard to his order in
the Compton case. The Judge was told
the contention concerning the second
panel. All he would say was:
"I refuse to be drawn into any contro
versy in this case. I did not make the
order for the purpose of a controversy
with the Supreme Court. I have said all
I intend to on this case and my order as
published speaks for Itself." .
The decision In substance is that the second
panel of jurors, called from another depart
ment to complete the Jury, was not regularly
brought into court. This objection was not
made upon the trial and does not appear in the
record. If made at all it was made upon the
argument in the Supreme Court It is well
settled that such an objection cannot be made
for the first time In that court.
The alleged .Interview with Judge Shaw
cf Los Angeles, In which that jurist
Feverely criticizes the Sunreme Court for
its action In the. case of Charles Comp
ton, who was arrested four years ago
for forgery and whose case has just been
dismissed by the Supreme Court after five
trials and an expense to the State of over
520,000, has occasioned much comment
among the legal fraternity of this city.
The general Impression is that there must
have been some mistake made in quoting
the Los Angeles Judge, as it is not be
lieved that a jurist could possibly be so
ignorant of the record of a case tried in
his own court as the remarks of Judge
Shaw, if that gentleman is correctly
quoted would show him to be.
In his reported. criticism Judse Shaw ia
made to sas*: • . '
A meeting of the joint 9th of September
celebration committee of the Native Sons
of the Golden West was held in Native
Sons' Hall last night. E. E. Fisher pre
sided in the absence of President Dockery.
Mount Tamalpais Parlor of Marin
County by letter announced that, having
previous to receiving the invitation to
take part in the celebration in San Jose
made arrangements for an outing on the
9th in the redwoods, it could not accept.
A letter from the headquarters in San
Jose conveyed the information that all
the parlors within reasonable distance of
the CSarden City will be In line on the 9th,
and that the parade will be one of the
great features of the celebration.
Grand Orator C. McLaughlin by letter
announced that he will be with the broth
ers In San Jose.
The chairman of the committee on pub
licity having been dilatory, the office was
declared vacant and James L. Gallagher,
grand trustee, was appointed to fill the
vacancy. Harry I. Mulcreevy, chairman
of the parade committee, reported that
the following parlors will parade in uni
form:
Pacific, Army and Navy, San Francisco,
Alcalde, Olympus, Hesperian, Sequoia,
Rincon, Marshall and Presidio.
The other parlors, except Stanford and
National parlors, are to be heard from.
Some of the parlors .will have bands or
drum corps. B. Lastreto of the music
committee reported that it will have two
and possibly three bands for the parade
in San Francisco on the evening of de
parture for San Jose. '
It was announced that ' the San Jose
committee had rented all the halls in that
city for the night of the celebration to
prevent speculators from renting them to
run "two-bit dances" during the celebra
tion.
L. F. Byington, F. Mordecai and J. J.
Davis were appointed a committee to
visit the local Native Daughter parlors
and try to indues them to take part In
the parade, the San Jose committee offer
ing to furnish carriages for the ladies.
E. C. Stock was made an honorary mem
ber of this committee.
Grand Marshal Taffe and Secretary
Wynn were added to the parade commit
tee.
El Dorado arid Mount Tamalpais with
drew from the committee because each
had made arrangements for individual
celebrations.
Anthony Suzzalo of San Jose gave a de
tailed account of the work- of the San
Jose committee in arousing enthusiasm
in the parlors in various* parts of the
State and that as a result about forty
five parlors are pledged to Join in the fes
tivities. In speaking of the work of pub
licity he said that the San Francisco pa
pers had promised to help the celebration,
by publishing the news of what was being
done, but that The Call was the:only one
that had kept Its promise, it having not
only published the news but having given
space to pictures.
The meeting adjourned for two weeks.
Preparing for Admission
Day Festivities in
San Jose.
Los Angeles Jurist Will
Not Substantiate His
Criticism.
NATIVE SONS'
CELEBRATION
Detective McMahon said last night that
he did not believe a single word of the
girl's tale as to the robbery.
Last evening the girl was asked to give
an explanation of the various "fairy
tales" she had given out concerning her
self, but she impudently replied "That's
none of your business." The police will
continue to investigate the alleged rob
bery and until the work is finished Cap
tain Seymour says he is not prepared to
brand the story of Pauline de Vore as a
fabrication. ' •"
Detective McMahon -closely questioned
the occupants of the flats adjoining the
one occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Davis. Not
a single person could be found who heard
the slightest noise in the Davis flat on
Friday evening during the time the ser
vant girl says the burglar was in the
place. The neighbors informed the detec
tive that they did not believe the story of
Pauline de Vore as to the robbery. Mc-
Mahon learned that Fonner left the city
two weeks ago and that ' he is supposed
to be on his way to Cape Nome.
Neighbors Heard No Sounds.
When the girl called for help on Friday
night and the neighbors rushed into the
Davis fiat, they found that gas jets were
lighted enly in the hallway, Mrs. Davis'
bedroom and in the room occupied by the
servant girl. Yet the burglar is supposed
to have ransacked a trunk in an unlighted
bedroom and also a writing desk in the
unlighted parlor. The light from the hall
way would have shown a burglar the sil
verware exposed on the table in the din
ing-room, yet that valuable property .was
not molested.
Detective McMahon learned that a quan
tity of silverware was lying exposed on
the dining-room table, of the Davis flat
on Friday night when the girl says the
burglar ransacked the premises. This is
regarded as a significant fact. The silver
ware exposed on the dining table was not
touched, but silverware hidden in a trunk
in a bedroom was taken. The servant girl
also claims that while she was uncon
scious the burglar found her pocketbook
and abstracted $7 80 from it, the pocket
book being in her bedroom.
Exposed Silverware Not Taken.
uncle and that 1 recovered $40,000 worth
of property for her. I gave her some good
advice this morning and sent her- about
her business."
Detective McMahon made a careful
search of the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Davis yesterday. He found a bottle of
cholorform in the room of the Eervant
girl and she admitted the ownership of
the deadly fluid. She told Detective Mc-
Mahon that she used it for rubbing her
shoulder, but a few hours later contra
dicted herself and' said she secured it for
cleaning feathers. The fact that the girl
also had a Distol in her possession when
she first entered the emoloy of the Davis
family is looked upon with suspicion by
the officers.
SHAW DESIRES
NO CONTROVERSY
Barly yesterday morning the girl called
en Detective Lucas and asked him "what
he thought of the write-ups she had re
reived in the papers." She admitted to
Lucas that she had told the story of .the
""uncle and the wealth he had secured
from her" as her excuse for being in San
Francisco. Lucas says Fonner admitted
to him that hi? had met the servant girl
in Colorado, where she was employed in a
hotel. Fonner also to;d Lucas that the
pirl ¦was not an orphan and that s^he be
longed to a good family in Ohio. When
he returned to this city the girl followed
him here and asked him to marry her,
though he had a wife living.
"I don't place any faith in the girl's
Etory," said Lucas. "Fonner told me that
lie did not want anything to do with her,
and that he had given orders at his room
ing-house that she was not to be allowed
near his room. I think her yarn about the
burglary is on a par with the one that I
was paid $800 by her to locate her missing
Proud of Her Effort.
The De Vore rirl yesterday admitted to
Captain Seymour that the tale of the
missing "uncle' and the embezzled for
tune was pure fiction. She also admitted
that she knew "Dr." Fonner and had been
very friendly with him in Denver and had
followed him to this city. She said he
had left for the north after borrowing $10
from her.
Private Detective Lucas yesterday re
iterated his denial of the girl's statement
that Ehe had paid him $S00 for locating
her "uncle" and recovering- 140,000 that
had been stolen from her. What he did
do ¦was to locate for her a man known as
"Dr." W. H. Fonner, who was formerly
connected with a specialist in this city,
for which service she paid him S3.
Detective McMahon was detailed on tha
case by Captarn of Detectives Seymour,
who himself auestioned the servant girl.
She clung to her that in answer to
a ring at the doorbell she had admitted a
presumed messenger, who threatened her
¦with a big pistol and ransacked the flat,
while she was in a convenient state of un
consciousness. One of the chief reasons
for not crediting the servant's statement
as to the alleged robbery was the fact
that she was proved to have deliberately
falsified in her statements as to her pre
vious career.
ton street, as reported by the ser
vant plrl, Paul'ne de Vore, the officers
place little credence in the domestic's
etory. especially as proof was forthcom
ing that the girl is a romancer of high
degree.
p*rr*\ HOUGH the police yesterday in-
I vesticated the alleged. robbery of
I silverware from the residence of
1L Mr. and Mrs. W. Davis, 44b Ful-
Investigation by Detectives Shows That
the Statements of Girl as to Her Career
Are Absolutely Devoid of Foundation
SERVANT'S STORY OF BURGLARY
IN FLAT ON FULTON STREET IS
REGARDED AS A FABRICATION
Pages 23 to 3211
3 t
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1901.
THE cornerstone of the Bishop Kip
Memorial Church, at the corner
of Ellsworth street and Bancroft
way, Berkeley, will be laid this
/ . afternoon at 3 o'clock. The cere-
FINE NEW EPISCOPAL EDIFICE,
THE CORNERSTONE OF WHICH
WILL BE LAID TO-DAY. ',SCENES ALXDNG > WATER FRONT,
WHERE FORCES OF LABOR AND
CAPITAL ARB7ALIGNED.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ¦ i' . . ':¦'
' NEAH BAT— Passed in August 8— Stmr Cen
tennial, from Nome.
£ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
The pickets complained repeatedly at
the headquarters of the federation and
their leaders tried to prevent the police
from interfering, but their efforts were
unavailing. Secretary Andrew Furuseth
of the Sailors*' Union and -other leaders
of the strike became greatly incensed as
picket after picket reported the method3
pursued by the police. Furuseth eaid, in
discussing the various complaints:
"The actions of the police officers will
«ause trouble if persisted in. We have
There is likely to be trouble on the
water front If the police officers continue
to treat the pickets stationed there by
the City Front Federation as they did
yesterday. The officers prevented ti>«
pickets from addressing men who sought
work on the front, thus destroying their
usefulness as pickets and preventing them
from gaining recruits for the cause of the
strikers.
Claim That Police Officers Drive
Them Off the Streets.
STRIKE PICKETS COMPLAIN.
ugly was 'the attitude of the crowd
that the officers then drew their revolvers
?m, J Ce , Dt ) then Virt sieht." BefringeKwas
found lying on the ground and a hurry
¦tni* wa r S ' 5< ;£ t fo £ a P atro1 wagon: He.was
«h«» n th *V ' City ;; Receiving Hospital
5£« 0 " D r. ¦ Murphy : extracted the- bullet
from his arm . and he was' allowed - to gc
home., Berrinffer, stated • that he took no
part in- the demonstration, but was on his
a^Ar^ oon l; when ne saw. the actions
?' f h t l" owd; . : H e popped for a moment
and then'received his. wound.
w G ° lds . tei .n • cI f i med that he . was excited
'k- nr t5 ' the hot Into the. crowd.
With, his, partner,. Doan, : he bitterly de
nounced the; actions' of. the- pickets whe
had precipitated the trouble - * ' ¦-•
r* A i P t Ol I lce ? f ua -r? " re . maino < i in' charge - of
Goldstein & .Doan's;. shop ; during the
nlght.v A report :thatvanother. man .had
• been seriously -shot and.had.been taken
away by his . friends during the excite
ment proved, to. be without foundation *
--Goldstein .was charged , at - Central
Police. Station : withv.. assault-. ( to. commit
murder and wasreleaeedonbondsat an
early: hour: this mornine.*.
Police Draw," Revolvers.
the bullet entered his. right arm. Ere th<
sound of the tiring died away Police Ser
geant O Connor dashed up with a posse oi
ptillce and they used their clubs freelj
*Z ¦ f} back '-he crowd of angry men or
tne sidewalk and roadway. "
| From 11 o'clock until midnight a squad
of • police guarded Goldstein '" in his store
pending the arrival of a patrol wagon,
while other officers kept the street clear
for. a considerable distance from the shop.
The trouble had its inception two weeka
ago when Goldstein &' Doan .withdrew
from the Barbers' Union and secured non
union , help. They announced that they
would keep their shop upen until 10 p. m.
and : if necessary would work all night.
Prices were cut- from- the union rate of
15 cents to 10 cents and a bitter feeling
was engendered.
The union ¦ pickets have patrolled in
front -of- the shop for the past two weeks.
Last-- night, .shortly!, before ' 11 > o'clock,- a
crowd of men congregated in front of the
offending barber shop. . Doan & Gold-
Emii Berringer; engineer, of the ' Crock
ett sugar refinery, who was ;¦ on' the out
skirts of the crowd watching ;the} affair,
was jshot in the right arm ;¦ above;.the.el
bow, the bullet being fired ; by'.- aV Gold
stein, one of the proprietors of the barber
shop.' ' - "
Prompt action on the part-of the<.pollce
quickly quelled a : serious •rlot;.last night
on Fourth street, . between^ Mission and
Howard, where ¦ a mob "of -more -than 600:
men: were attemptingLtxuwreck;;the non
union . barber . shop of 'Goldstein- &- Doan,
105 . Fourth street. .¦':¦*/ " ~, r ' j
Instantly ¦ a ''-'Jy'eil went up, -"Kill the
scabs;-lynch them!" and the signsin front
of the place were torn down. Stones were
hurled through the > windows and .an at
tempt was made to break down the locked
doors. . ¦'. : , ¦ : ;
Goldstein warned the crowd of ;inen. to
go- away,- but- was- greeted withcries of,
derision.-: The men inside. the shop. hud-'
died together in the -. dark, Goldstein and
Doan taking positions near the -doors.' vr- : .
"Come. oh, boysr.down with ithe scabs'."
was the cry. again raised, and; a -rush, was
made against^ the doors.' Goldstein at this
stage fired a shot from, his, revolver. into
the floor^of.. the shop; hoping ,to frighten
the i meiv' away,' but a . determined • . shout
went .up -'from -the. crowd, .and -then Gold-'
stein fired from his' shop through the
ibroken glass; of the windows.: . . ,.
.. Officer Brown '• was - forcing . his way
through "the ' crowd when*. the shot was
fired from the shop and the bullet passed
directly ¦ across the . policeman's • chest. . ¦ *
Berringer was on the opposite side of
the street,: on-tfie ede-e of the 'crowd, and
Mob Attacks the Shop.
stein claim that the pickets. started the
trouble by calling out, - "Protect the
unions; come on, teamsters; helpthe bar
bers' - union." - •*-. f -• : ¦.. • ,. ¦•. ' .. «^
I The crowd quickly grew to huge propor
tions and ' loud 'mutterir.gs arose. .The
proprietors • - of the "•• shop hastily extin
guished the-lignts' and closed the doors.- .'¦
Police/Disperse Rioters,;and Patrol Street With Dra\^n Clubs and Pistols After an Out
break in Which Engineer of Crockett Sugar- Refinery Is Shot.;
J. Jm. Hammond, a recent arrival from
Honolulu, was set upon by a number of
teamsters last night at the corner of Turk
and Taylor streets and injured severely.
Hammond told the attaches at the Emer
gency Hospital, where he was sent by the
police, that . he was looking for a . room
when the assault occurred and knew of no
reason why he should be attacked. While
waiting for the patrol wagon to appear
Officer Feld was '; struck in the face by
Marshall Griffin, one of the men who as
saulted Hammond. Griffin was arrested
and charged with battery. ¦ > *, .
William Henrich. residing at 517 Howard
street, attempted" to steal a rice on a
truck which was. being driven down Third
street yesterday. Several strikers, observ
ing his action, marked him as a non-union
man, pulled him oft* the truck and beat
him. His wounds, which consisted of a
gash over the eye and bruises on the head
and face, were treated at the Emergency
Hospital. .¦¦
Victor Randit, employed by Dunsmuir &
Co. as head carpenter, was attacked by a
mob in front of his residence at 221 Har
rison street last night* and badly beaten.
At the Emergency where he
went to have his wounds dressed, he said
that the two children of the grocer with
whom he dealt came to his house shortly
after he had finished,. his evening meal
and told him that their father ' wanted to
see him. He went out- On the: street with
them and had got but a< few feet from
his door, when he was set upon. Randit
says he knows of no reason for the-at
tack.
George Harvey, a barber residing at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel, Fifths and Mission
streets, while on his way home last night
was badly beaten by a number of men.
His wounds were dressed at the Emer
gency Hospital. Harvey pays he does not
know why he was assaulted.
Fred Kamlade, a sub-foreman employed
by the Renner Draying Company, was
treated at the Emergency Hospital yes
terday for a lacerated .scalp. He claimed
that the wounds were inflicted by police
officer 470 at the corner of Bryant and
Fourth streets. He said he was crossing
the street with some friends when the of
ficer struck him several times- with his
club. V.-- £ \ -
Police Surgeons Kept Busy.
longshoremen, permission having been
gTanted by the Building Trades Council
of Alameda County. The vessels are the
steam schooners North Fork and Inyo
and the schooners Bella and Laura Pike.
The sailors on the vessels had gone on
strike as soon as they arrived in port.
Yesterday the quartet of lumber carriers
wag towed to Oakland, the Noyo and
Laura Pike going to Derby's wharf and
the Inyo and Bella making fast at Adams'
docks.
Twenty-five longshoremen went to work
on the cargoes this morning. Before more
than an hour's labor had been performed
the San Francisco delegation appeared
and demanded that the Longshoremen's
Union order its . men off the jobs. The
sailors said the ! union men were taking'
the places of strikers by working aboard
the 'vessels at discharging.
The longshoremen quit work and the
cargoes are tied up pending further de
velopments. The consignees claim they
will make an attempt Monday to die
charge the vessels whether the strike is
ended or not.
Police guard for non-union teamsters
has been withdrawn, the Brotherhood of
Teamsters having- guaranteed the owners
against any overt acts.
The brotherhood gave a ball this even
ing at Germania Hall, the proceeds going
to the strike funds. :.••- . -¦!-
OAKLAND. Aug. 3.— A delegation from
the Sailors* Union of San Francisco stop
ped work to-day on four lumber vessels
which were being discharged by Oakland
duce Oakland Cargo Handlers
to Quit.
Sailors' TJnion Representatives , In-
LONGSHOREMEN LEAVE
WORK OF DISCHARGING
TEAMSTERS RECEIVE MONEY.
Brotherhood Issues Allowances Ac-
cording to Needs of the Men.
The members of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters who are now on strike lined
up yesterday in front of the headquarters
at 762 Fourth street to receive strike ben
efits. . Although the paying commenced
The new appointees will be required to
discover the identity of and arrest
strikers and others who may molest or
in any manner interfere with the non
union teamsters employed by the Over
land Transfer Company.
The compensation of the new officers
will be $3 per diem and their term of
service thirty days. It is likely that the
most efficient of the appointees will be
selected to be retained permanently on
'the force after the expiration of that
term.
Two teamsters were sworn in by the
Collector yesterday as customs inspectors.
They are driving for the Overland Trans
fer Company. These make the total num
ber of teamsters twenty-five who have
qualified as United States officers.
Secretary Gage of the Treasury Depart
ment telegraphed to Customs Collector
Stratton yesterday his approval of the
suggestion that fifteen additional customs
inspectors be appointed from the civil
service eligible list to guard the customs
Inspectors and others engaged in- driving
teams for the United States draymen
hauling goods to the Appraiser's store
and bonded warehouse.
Secretary Gage Approves the Sugges
tion of Collector Stratton.
GUARDS FOR INSPECTORS.
sel have been coaling the Australia at
the sugar refinery wharf finished the task
yesterday and the Australia was brought
around to the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's dock. Captain Howard of the Aus
tralia says he will . commence loading
Monday and expects to have his vessel
ready for sea at the appointed time.
The collier Bristol is still in the stream,
awaiting an opportunity to- discharge her
cargo of coal. There are now thirty-three
vessels tied up on account of the strike.
The ships that were added to the list of
idle vessels yesterday were the French
bark McMahon, from Cardiff • with 3300
tons of coal aboard; the schooners Mel
ancthom and Del Norte, and the steamer
Celia. The three last named vessels are
lumber-laiSen.
Beadle & Co., owners of the steamer
Point Arena, are making every effort to
get their vessel ready for sea- by to-mor
row. The Point Arena was launched four
teen years ago, and in all that time has
never missed a regular trip. " It. is probable
that she will succeed In getting out, but
will be, several .hours late.
The Pomona; which arrived yesterday
mornftig from Eureka, brought a cargo of
livestock. She went directly to Butcher
town and discharged. -When the Pomona
arrived at Eureka on her last trip her en
tire crew walked off the vessel. She was
heavily laden and the captain was at*
loss to find. men to handle the. rrelgnt. He
appealed to the Chamber of Commerce,
and that body appealed to the people of
the city for aid. They responded to the
call and in a short time a gang of ama
teur long-shoremen was at work -hustling
merchandise. The 'unloading of the Po
mona was completed in such quick time
that, she was able to leave on her return
trio on. time, [n
¦ The French bark Cambronne. which arx
rived yesterday with a cargo of coal, went
to Mare Island to discharge. The coal was
the property of the owner of the vessel,
and as he saw no chance of securing la
borers to take it off he sold it to the Gov
ernment. He left for the navy yard late
In the afternoon.
The Government officials, tiring of wait
ing for. machinists to complete the repairs
on the transport Logan, have ordered
that • vessel to Mare Island, where the
navy yard mechanics will place her in
sea-going condition. . The repairs on the
Logan will require ' an ' expenditure of
many thousand dollars. It is expected
that the Sherman will . also be sent to
Mare Island for repairs. To place the
Sherman in good condition will cost about
SGO.OOO. : .. .• .-. ¦ ,
The Chilean' crew of the Aconcagua" are
still at work unloading that vessel. They
have accomplished but little, and it is said
that the owners of the ship will send, her
out- without a cargo rather than keep her
here until the situation improves.
NON-UNION BARBER, DEFENDING HIS SHOP AGAINST MOB,
SHOOTS INTO CLAMORING CROWD AND WOUNDS PASSER BY
THE strike situation on the water
front was not materially changed
yesterday. The inactivity of the
last few days was still apparent,
and there was nothing to indicate
that the conflict is any nearer an end.
All the ship owners and steamship com
panies having vessels at the docks are
making every effort to procure help in
order that they can send their vessels out,
but the fleet of tied-up vessels on the Mis
sion Flats grows larger every day and the
piles of freight on the wharves are grow
ing with each hour. ¦
The officials of the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company are making herculean ef
forts to rid themselves of the cargoes that
have been .'landed on their dock. Every
town around the .bay is being canvassed
for men, but' it has proved difficult to se-
cure the large number they need.
Forty negroes : were secured in the
neighborhood of | Stockton yesterday and
landed at the Mail dock by the bay steam
ers. They were put to work immediately
with the Chinese, 1 Japanese and the few
white men employed on the wharf. With
this addition to their forces the Mail -
Company was able to handle considerable
merchandise, but the number of . men at
work is still far short of the number re
quired to make any appreciable headway.
The mixed lot of stevedores is handling
the cargo of the America Maru. The City
of Sydney,- which is still fully loaded, is
tied up at the small wharf between the
'Mail, dock and the Fremont-street dock.
She will have to remain there until the
longshoremen finish ,. dsicharging the
cargo of the other vessel, which will re
quire some days.
The Colon has""been brought in from the
stream and moored to the west side of the
Mail dock. She will be used as a board
ing house for the men, as it is feared that
if the strikers get an opportunity to talk
to them they will leave. ¦
Considerable difficulty is being experi
enced by the North American Commercial
Company in securing a crew for the Con«
maugh, the , loading of .which was com
pleted yesterday. The strike has caused
a delay of five days in her departure, and
it is probable that another day will elapse
before she succeeds in making a start for
Alaska. A crew was secured for the ves
sel, but owing to the vigilance of the
striking sailors. the owners were unable
to get them aboard- the ship. The men
were gathered together -yesterday morn
ing and sent to a lodging house'on.Bran
nan street and told to await the arrival
of the police escort which was to protect
them on the way-, to the ship . -
When the police arrived at the house
they found that a numbec of union pick
ets had succeeded in convincing the non
union men that they would not like the
trip to Alaska and they refused to go
with the police officers to the Conemaugh.
Their actions compelled. the vessel's own
ers to send her. to the Mission Flats,
where she will remain until a crew is se
cured. A part of the Filipino crew of the
transport Pennsylvania was secured for
the Conemaugh, but as there was some
question as to the legality of the action
the Orientals returned to their vessel.
The George W. Elder arrived frcm Port
land yesterday mofning.. She carried a
cargo of perishable goods and permission
to unload was granted the union steve
dores by the Federation. The men quit as
soon as they had taken the goods off the
vessel,, and the captain of the vessel and
his clerks started in at the rest of the
freight..- , - . ,
The stevedores who loaded the Sierra
and who since the departure of that ves-
The executive committee of Painters*
Union No. 73 mot last night at Labor Hall
and received reports from the members of
the union, showing that their demand for
an increase of. 50 cents per day In their
wages Would probably be acceded to by a
majority of the employing painters. There
are 288 employers in the city, and the re
ports from the members show that fully
175 of them will grant the increase.
The men will report for work as usual
to-morrow morning and remain at work
where the demand is granted. Where the
employers refuse the increase the. men
will refuse to go to work and will report
to the executive committee of the union
for instructions. The executive committee
will be in session all day to-morrow at
m.hVi Market street, but it is not expected
that there will be any trouble.
Willing to Increase Pay.
Majority of Employers in This Cit/
PAINTERS' DEMAND G!
On the water front the "riot call" was
heard and many people boarded cars, in
tending to hurry to the "danger district"
In the vicinity of the railroad yards. i
The whistle that caused so much con
sternation had been out of order and was
being tested after having been repaired.
The "fire-out" signal was given in order
not to confuse firemen or to mislead the
public. The unusual repetition caused the
excitement.
Experiments with the whistle, at . the
power house of the San Francisco and
San Mateo electric road at Bryant and
Eleventh streets yesterday afternoon
caused great excitement in various parts
of the city, as the unwonted whistling
was mistaken for a riot call- and many
feared that a serious conflict between
strikers and the police had begun. .. ,, . .
The whistle blew "10-1," the "fire-out"
signal, and repeated it three times, and
then, after an interval, twice more. At
the baseball game the crowd in the grand
stand became greatly excited and a hun
dred or more left the park and started for
the water front. About that time a fire
alarm was rung in from box 73 at Sev
enth and Howard streets, and the crowd,
supposing that the signal Indicated th©
location of the riot, hurried along the
streets In that direction.
Its Testing Is Mistaken for a Riot
Call. £ -
WHISTLE CAUSES ALARM.
The executive committee of the Labor
Council .was present at the meeting and
advised the boxmakers to remain true to
their rights as unionists and not to re
turn to> work.
At a meeting of. the Boxmakers" Union
last night in B'nal B'rlth Hall It was defi
nitely determined. that the members of the
union' who were recently locked out by
their employers should not return to^jvork
under the proposed agreement, which,
they assert, does not accord to them the
right of supporting the principles of their
union. This action was taken in reference
to a circular' which the managers of the
box .. factories have been, distributing
among their .former employes. - .
The circular is in the nature of a con
tract, which must be subscribed to by the
men before they will be allowed to return
to work.' It binds them not to join in
sympathetic strikes, not to boycott and
not to intimidate their fellow workmen to
become members of a union.
Former Positions.
Box Makers Will Not Return to Their
REJECT EMPLOYERS' CONTRACT
A meeting of the union will be held at
117 Turk street at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
Steps will be taken to reorganize the
picket forces.
It was reported at headquarters that
ten men who had been sent from Napa to
work in the American can factory during
the strike had quit their work yesterday
and returned to their homes. When this
report was substantiated there was great
rejoicing among the strikers.
The headquarters of the Porters', Pack
ers* and Warehousemen's Union was
thronged with strikers all of yesterday.
The men expressed themselves as being
satisfied with the situation. They are
hopeful that the employers will ultimately
yield recognition to the unions.
"We are fighting for a principle," said
President O'Neill of the union yesterday,
"and if -we lose this struggle unionism
in San Francisco is dead. The men realize
this and all are determined to stand -by
their principles to the last ditch. It -is
true some 300 members of the Porters'
and Packers' Union did not obey the or
der to strike, but they will be dealt with
by the union when the trouble is oven"
Many of these have sought to evade ex
pulsion by resigning, but their resigna
tions will not be accepted. Six men in
the employ of George W. Glbbs & Co.
filed typewritten resignations to-day. As
soon as received the letters were returned
to the senders. Of course no resignations
from unions in^ times of strikes are ever
considered. . Our loss In this respect has
almost been made -up by the number of
applications for membership received
during the last .three days. 'We are get
ting along well and we shall win this
fight."
Three Hundred Union Porters Dis-
obey Strike Order.
WITHDRAWALS NOT AiLLOWED-
at 8 o'clock In the morning and continued
until late in the afternoon but one-fourth
of the strikers received their allowance.
The paying will be commenced again to
day at 12 o'clock.
The sums which were paid to the men
varied according to the extent of their
families and a great part of the day ¦was
consumed fn computing the* amounts re
quired in each separate case. Single men
were allowed on an average of $3 each.
whtle the men with families received from .
$6 to $12. Through the entire day hun
dreds of the striking teamsters came and
went from the headquarters.- Not the
least disturbance occurred. The men for
the most part received their benefits and
left at once for their homes. .
The brotherhood claims that it has
money enough in its treasury to last for
several weeks to come. The International
Brotherhood has offered to assist the
strikers financially but thus far the offer
has not been accepted. .¦;: .-•< . V.'V
YOTTNG MAN CHARGED -
WITH POB.GHTG OBI>ERS
Arthur Rees Arrested Through tho
Detective Work of a Yotmg,j^,
. Lady.
Arthur Rees, 20 years old and residing
at 209 Stelner street, was arrested last
evening by Detective Tom Gibson and two
charges of forgery were registered against
him at the Hall of Justice. He is accused
of having forged the names of William
Rayhill, a livery stable keeper at 627
Haight street, and Ed Hinkle, a racehorse
man. to orders of $20 each, drawn respec- .
tively on James R. Kelly of the Hibernia -
Bank and Sam Bernhard of the Bernharci
mattress factory. Rees attempted to real
ize again by using Rayhill's name, and his j
capture was the result of clever detective *-
work on the part of Miss Kelly. •- ¦¦ -''
On July 20 Rees sent a boy to Bernfcard
with the "order purporting to be from
Hinkel and received the money. On Au
gust 1 he presented the first order at the.
Kelly residence from , RayhiH and the
amount was paid him. without any hesi
tation. Yesterday afternoon he sent Clyde
Blair, a seven-year-old boy residing at 51»
Turk street, to the Kelly home at 309
Leavenworth again with an order, wnicb.
was presented to Miss Kelly. The lady
became suspicious and told the youngster
to call in the evening. In the interim sho
telephoned to the stable and found the
order to be a forgery. Then she notified
Captain of Detectives Seymour, and - he
detailed Detective Gibson on the case.
When the Blair boy applied at the house
last evening he was questioned by the of
ficer and told to walls' direct to the man
who had sent him. He followed directions
and the arrest of Kees followed at Hyde
and Eddy streets. - ;
The prisoner confessed. His parents are
well-to-do people, but he is regarded as
an incorrigible youth. Two years ago he
was a companion of Sana Anderson,, -who
robbed his employers of $800 on a check
drawn on the Crocker-Woolworth Bank,
and was at that time arrested, also by
Detective Gibson.
ATTACKS HIS RIVAL
WITH A REVOLVER
Joseph Smith. Shoots Robert Iroring
Twice, Inflicting Only. Slight
.. Wounds. . -•
Robert Loring, a ship plumber at . 506
Howard street, was shot and slightly In
jured last night In his room In the King
House, at the northwest corner of. Fourth
and Howard streets. Loring says that he
was assaulted by Joseph Smith, a waiter,
who ' became Jealous of him because he
had won the affections of Mamie Brag
ley, who is sometimes known as Mrs.
Smith.
According to Loring*s story Smith was
deliberate in the attempt to kill him. He
claims that he was in his room, and hear
ing a knock he opened the door and was
confronted by Sm! th. Without ¦ a . . word
Smith opened fire on him, wounding him
twice. -..•¦¦ >•*» •
Loring says he grappled with Smith and
got the pistol away from him. The
wounded man walked Into the . Central
Emergency Hospital and asked to hare
his wounds dressed. Dr. McElroy found
that the bullets had entered about the
shoulder and passing through had left
two slight flesh wounds.
Smith was arrested by Special • Officer
Guilfoyle and charged at the Southern
station "witlTassault to commit murder.- •
Looted a Railroad Car.
Louis Hoffman and Patrick Murray
were arrested by Railroad Detective Me- -
Bride and Officer Robinson on Kentucky '
street last evening and charged ; with
burglary. They backed an express wagon
against a Southern Pacific freight car.
opened the door and were in the -act. of
carrying away sacks of grain when the
capture was made.
Dies While Sawing Wood.:
John Gonau, an aged contractor residing
at 1343 Seventh avenue, was sawing wood
last evening and dropped dead. Death is
supposed to have been due to heart dlsr
ease. The body was taken to. the Morgue.
"I cannot answer that. We will await
the result of Monday's conference. - We
have made no threats thus far, arid we
shall not begin now. What we want is
an early adjustment of this affair. We
will do all we can to secure it, without the
sacrifice of all our principles as union men
and our dignity as honest workingmen."
"Will other unions be called out?"
"Should the terms proposed by the Em
ployers' Association be rejected, what will
follow?" was asked.
"War," replied Mr. Furuseth. -
"I was informed by Mayor- Phelan to
day that he had strong hope of effecting a
peaceful settlement of the "dispute. He
declined to make the letter of the Em
ployers' Association public at my request,
because he said it was against public pol
icy to do so." ' ' •
"We shall not consent to yield up the
only rights we have as laboring men.
We decline to allow the employers to rule
the industries of this city as did the
Council of Ten in the dark days of Ven
ice's history. We are willing to meet the
issue raised by the employers in a spirit
of fairness, but at the same time we de
mand that the employers consider the
questions involved In this struggle, in the
same spirit. The members of the Em
ployers' Association have not shown this
disposition thus far, but nevertheless we
are willing to wait until Monday before
finally deciding what steps are to be taken
in answer to the letter of Attorney
Michael, which he declares embodies all
the concessions the' employers will grant.
I am in a position to say that the terms
proposed in that letter which is now in
the possession of Mayor Phelan are not
likely to be accepted. - Still, there Is a
chance of settling our. differences without
further trouble and we are willing to take
it. For that reason the executive com
mittee of the Federation has consented to
wait until Monday before taking further
action in the premises.
"We shall not recede from the position'
we have assumed," said Secretary Furu
seth. "We have done everything in our
power to meet the employers half-way,
but through their attorney, Mr. Michael,
they have expresed a desire to treat -with
us only on one basis — that of the disrup
tion of labor unions in San Francisco.
Federation. Makes No Threats.
Some opposition was developed In each
of the labor committees to procrastina
tion, on the ground that delay would be
interpreted by the employers as a confes
sion of weakness. The leaders continue
to assert that they have the situation well
In hand and that to-morrow nigbt will
bring orders for extreme measures if- the
Employers'. Association does not take ac
tion favorable to a settlement.
The executive committee of the -San
Francisco Labor Council met last night
and at 10 o'clock gave out the following
statement: . .
AU that the • executive committe desires to
stale at this time is this: We have decided to
request a number of affiliated unions to hold
cpecial meetings at the earliest opportunity, and
place strike power in the hands of their execu
tive committees, such committees to act ¦when
reauested by the executive committee of the
Labor Council. No union -Brill be requested to
etrike Monday. The executive committee will
meet to-morrow at 2 p. m. to further consider
the situation.
Truce Till To-Morrow.
The executive board of the City Front
Federation met late in the afternoon.
Secretary Furuseth explained the latest
development and after an hour's discus
sion the board decided to comply with
the Mayor's request.
Mayor Phelan got nothing but disap
pointment from his meeting yesterday
with the directors of the Employers' As
sociation. Only two or three of them
were present and they gave their indorse
ment to the letter by Attorney Michael,
a document which evidently would de
stroy hope of conclusion of the strike at
this time were It made public, for Mayor
Phelan jealously guards the secret of its
contents. The Mayor at once set on foot
a movement to urge all the directors of
in© association to attend- a- meeting to
morrow. He interested leading merchants
in the cause and he hopes that their in
fluence will result in a meeting that will
settle beyond doubt the question 6f the
final stand to be taken by the association.
This done the Mayor met Andrew Furu
geth, secretary of the Sailors* Union cf
the Pacific, and other labor leaders and
urged upon them that no action be taken
at meetings of their organizations that
would destroy hope of Immediate peace
until after the directors* meeting to-mor
row noon. - .
p*T"<i HOUGH absolutely nothing was
1 1 accomplished yesterday in the
It way of agreement to terms of
ii, peace between the Employers'
Association and. the City Front
Federation the danger of an Immediate
extension of the strike to additional
unions or to other parts of the coast waa
averted. Conditions will remain ' un
changed now until to-morrow afternoon,
•when a last attempt at settlement of the
difficulty by conference will be made.
"The officers have no right to drive these
men off the streets. In Judge Sloss 1 de
cision against the waiters, which was
handed down a few days ago, he states
specifically that 'picketing* is not illegal.
Just where the police officers, in view of
this fact, get their authority to act to
wards these men as they did to-day Is be
yond my knowledge."
chosen the best men from among- the
members of the unions for picket duty.
They have been instructed to . keep a
v.-atchf ul eye upon the conduct of their
fellow members and help the police of
ficers in quelling disturbances. The fact
that there have been no serious disturb
ances is evidence that they have per
formed their duty well. The police do not
appreciate the fact that, these pickets can
control the men. If we removed them
they would soon find that out and trouble
for which they could not hold ine or any
one else responsible would occur. - -
Attorney Michael's last letter is still
kept under lock and key. Mayor Phelan
will not give it out for publication, nor
will he submit it to' the labor leaders until
It shall have received ¦ the Indorsement of
the full directorate of the Employers' As
sociation. . - ¦ ..
When noon came but two or three di
rectors were present. The Mayor went
into conference with them, and after
stating his reason for desiring the meet
ing called he was informed that the
"more explicit" statement made by At
torney Michael met with their approval.
The directors present were obdurate, none
of them desiring to see the association
recede in any degree from the stand it
had taken, and Mayor Phelan left the of
fice without having made the slightest
progress towards the desired settlement.
The Mayor decided that one more effort
should be made. He met representatives
of the labor organizations at his office
shortly after 2 o'clock and explained the
situation to them. He asserted he had
good reason to believe that the stand
taken' by these few directors was not rep
resentative and that a full meeting of the
directors- .would result In action that
might result in a settlement of the labor
difficulty. He assured the labor represen
tatives that prominent merchants were in
terested in his efforts to bring about an
understanding and that these men had
pledged themselves to help secure a full
attendance of the directors of the Em
ployers* Association to be .held to-mor
row, and he asked that all measures look
ing to extension of the strike or to a
more rigid tie-up of the water front or
wholesale district be postponed till after
such meeting could be held. -
The Mayor was informed that his re
quest would be submitted to the executive
board of the City Front Federation and
to the executive committee of the San
Francisco Labor Council, which bodies
must decide whether further time for
negotiations be granted or not.
. In the forenoon the Mayor had notified
Mr. Michael that . his reply to the last
letter from the City Front Federation was
not satisfactory and that he desired that
a meeting of the directors be called. Steps
were at once taken by Mr. Michael to
notify the directors, the hour of meeting
being set at 12.
ers' Association in the office of At
torney Michael, in the Mills building. The
conference proved to be short and very
unsatisfactory. •
THE futile peace negotiations of
yesterday began at noon, when
Mayor Phelan met a portion of the
board of directors of the Employ-
Attorney Michael's Letter Approved but the
Mayor Does Not Consider Action Repre
sentative of Position of the Employers
NO MORE UNIONS TO BE CALLED
OUT TILL HOPE OF PEACE DIES
Labor Leaders Say That Extreme . Measures
Will Be Taken If Favorable Results Are
Not Secured at To-Morrow's Conference
FEW DIRECTORS ATTEND MEETING
HELD TO CONSIDER PEACE TERMS
EMPLOYERS DO NOT CHANGE THEIR ATTITUDE
BUT STRIKERS CONSENT TO A FURTHER TRUCE
TttiC SSAJN : JfKAJN UlfcHJO UAIiJLi, S U JN JJ A X ,- A. iifcr.U ST, 4, liJUl.
Forty Negroes From Stockton Put to Woijk on Mail Dock Along
With Chinese and Japanese Stevedores Handling the Cargo
of the America ;Maru---Golon Turned: Into a Boarding-House
MORE SHIPS ARRIVE AND FLEET AT MISSION FLATS
GROWS LARGER WHILE FREIGHT PILES UP ON WHARVES
24
I THE- TREATMENT^
THAT C\ 1DPQ \-
H ¦*•- ; — *- . To men who have nervous debn-
E /fS-£i^£8§S>?i^ Ky and are weak, incompetent,
fe -r^^^^i'TplS-^SO puny and embarrassed on account
i t^&^fi^^J&^g&^Sk--. ot Partial or complete loss of vital
{ J^W-^^^^^^^^^^^ ¦ Power, Dr. Meyers & Co. extend a
i mW^^^^^&^0'^^^mx\ helpin?: hand. These successful f
« ¦ fe%RJfi^S^:^^^^^P^^ specialists are noted for making
i yWsg^iSPS^r? strong, robust and perfect men out
1 of physical wrecks, and for check-
l ($P^|?^P' W\ in ? the early s y m P toms of Nervous
ilil^iPf^ r/ DR. METERS & CO. have been
; Wj&i&M&Yj Y established 20 years. They treat
' Mi& ¦••• " uates from the best medical col-
| j V; . ' ' '*%!a#Mf;%' % .- ./yfeg»j^*$ • sive experience in hospitals before
A 1 fifc&i'X ' >-^««ImRSSS«* *' „• taking up the important work of
i " Ss#5V,?i /M$m&£mm$k th * specialists. Their remedies and
ft . methods are the best: they cura
*• \ W^i^^^^^^S^h ¦ and restore when others fail.
i s \^'-wW8^*£W;lP< f *&* If y° u have an embarrassing
i ; a ' weakness or a contracted ailment,
i J?v ' Place yourself in the hands of DR
'% J&& N. }-i»&te$W^£r!ii MEYERS & CO. for speedy anti, /
| '^^iVifcr^^^^P^ PRIVATE BOOK FOR MEN FREe!
I . c ' '•'•'¦' " •• • • ' "i . NO PAY TILL CURED. ¦
\\ FREE CONSULTATION. I
S "'- y ' " ¦¦¦ ¦ ; — 1 . : V '.<-:¦-
!¦ 731 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
| TAKE* .. • Hours— 8-tb 12 to 5 daily. - V;
| ELEVATORS^ Evenings 7 to 9. Sundays 9 to 11.I- It takes more 'than a wooden head* to
produce thoughts that burn. •
OAKLAND. A«s. 3.— The police were
notified to-night fcy wire that Harrv n
. Feige. son of Richard Felge. residJnVat
L 1462 Eighth St., was browned Thursdav at
Rosseau. Ontario. The young msn went
there several months &sro.
Harry B. Feige Drowned.
Two Spaniards who had been, absent
from Cuba for several years recently
sailed up the harbor of Havana and walk
ed through its renovated streets. "Does'
it not give you pain."' one traveler was
overheard inquiring., "to see the stars and'
stripes waving over Morro Castle?" "No,"
replied the other, looking earnestly about
him: "what- riains me to the quick Is to
see that the Americans have In two years
done more for this island than the.Span
iards did in almost 400 years." — New York
Uncle Sam Works Fast.
! Bishop Courtney of Halifax, N. S., re
cently knocked off the hat of a man in the
street who failed to take it off when .a
band played "God Save the King." At
first the man was Inclined to prosecute
the Bishop, but finally 1 contented, himself
with writing a letter toithe Halifax Her
ald saying that while. h<f ylejded In loyalty
to no man he did not deem it- necessary
remove his hat when on the street
every time he happened s to hear the na
tional anthem. ¦ Public opinion in' Halifax
appears to be against the Bishop.— New
York Tribune. - v"
An Over-Loyal Bishop.
The young womeir of- Bryn Mawr Col
lege have not ibeen spoiled by too : much
learning as some, worthy ; souls -Imagine
that .college women must be. There was
a fire in one of the college , cottages the
other day. - As soon as It wasdiscdvered
the chief of the ! college fire;brigade blew
the horn and In a moment forty girls were
on hand.:- They rushed -to the fire with the
hose! cart. 7, They : played > two. streams on
the flames and soon made them ashamed of
themselves. They were cooler than cucum
bers. •¦"¦;¦ One. of them. was ; cut, by a piece of
glass, but she stood h^r ground. '.Wet but
glorious, > the young women went ' back to
their ¦ • rooms, i: changed ' their ' clothes "and
took up the ; daily "grind" again. That is
the kind of young women that go to Bryn
Mawr.— New York Sun. r . ¦ -
Girl Fire Brigade.
Oakland Divorce Cases.
OAKLAND, Au&. ? v -George W. Travis
r.is PGsnzceneed suit for «livorce fro-m J>s
*i* Travis all<-g;inr infidelity a.nd naming
John Hurrbprjr. a San Jose policeman. «is
c>-!-respor.d«?nt.
Frances Wyber has' filed a divorce suit
srainn Albert C. V.'yber for desertion
TY.c default of. the defendant has been
*r,tercx: ir> the <1'vorr.j suit of He!<.-n»
Heuter against "\Vmiam A. Keuter. *' .
. For sale— Splendid .upright piano, medium
size, .$60; also lot of good furniture cheap. H.
Schellhaas. corner store. Eleventh. at., Oakld. •
Water Tank Car Upsets.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— By the wrecking of
a watering train at Fourteenth and
Franklin streets at 4 o'clock this morning
traffic on the Wester-street branch of the
Oakland local train service was impeded.
One of the tank cars was thrown off the
track and overturned. The wrecking crew
worked until nearly noon before the up
set car was risrhted. The obstruction pre
vented Fwitrhir.g of engines at the depot,
po the local papsenp*»r trains were run
with ?.n engine at each end.
OAKLAND. Aug. 3.— Timothy J. Clancy,
residing at 503 Oakland avenue, was ar
rested to-night on a charge of forgerv
preferred by his sister, Mrs. Patrick Mc-
Govern of San Francisco. She charges
lhat while her brother and herself were
In business across the bay he forged her
name to several deeds and cheeks, realiz
ing a considerable sum. Clancy, she
claims, then fled to Ireland, whence
he returned a short time ago. Clancy
declares he is a victim of attempted
blackmail. He says he Is an oil and in
surance broker at present with ample
Arrested for Forgery.
Excellent line of furniture must be 6old. Cor
aer store. Eleventh st.. H. Schellhaas. •
Dr. Vosburgh, it Is understood, \ was
willing to take up the work here, provided
the church met his views concerning the
salary which should be paid. The original
offer" to the Michigan clergyman was $2500
a year, but by formal vote the church
members increased that to $3000, and this
figure was agreeable to the distinguished
Baptist preacher and theological' teacher.
As soon as the final arrangements have
been completed, Dr. Vosburgh will leave
for a month's vacation In the mountains.
He intends to take a breathing spell
among the higher altitudes of the Sierra
Nevadas, that he may be invigorated for
his new field of activity in California.
This was planned unofficially in order that
the new pastor-elect might have the rest"
which he declared was necessary, as he
had not enjoyed a day of vacation during
ten years of active labor In the Bast.
The members of the church are much
gratified over the selection " of Dr. Vos
burgh, who has high standing in the
Baptist denomination of: the United
States. He occupies a prominent position
as a theologian and has given to the re
ligious world valuable contributions In the
shape of literary productions.
The announcement was made to-day
that Rev. H. J. Vosburgh has accepted
the call to the First Baptist . Church pas
torate as successor to Rev. C. H. Hobart,
who went to Pasadena. The formal de
cision will be given to the congregation
at to-morrow morning's services.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 3.
Judge Ogden administered a stinging re
buke-, to the jury , which brought in the
verdict of manslaughter, a - compromise
agreed upon by the majority, who stood
for conviction for murder, after three
jurors, Thomas Acnew, James Rogers and
Henry * Hauschildt, held ? out all night for
an acquittal: : ; . . " .'i
"He'll fall down/ sure," said the . wise
ones. , ."He's bound to make a break and
lose all his credits. He is safe for ten
years all right." ,. ' . :
Brandes' ten years* sentence, which may
be reduced to six years and six months
by good behavior, was imposed by Judge
vjgden in lieu of the life term given him
by Judge Hall as the* outcome of his first
trial. ¦;: . ¦¦ ¦ ; \ ¦¦ \ ¦ \ :-. ,, : . . ¦
Brandes confided to some of his fellow
prisoners at the County Jail that he had
a move up -his sleeve for • mitigating the
discomforts of a sojourn at Folsom.
Captain Murphy told the enterprising:
convict 1 that his fame as a musician had
preceded him to Folsom and i that a - fine
new shovel had been tuned for his use.
"He must think this is a murderer's
paradise and probably expected p. golden
harp to twang on," said Murphy to Dep
uty Sheriff Striker, who took Brandes to
Folsom. "He'll twang on the rock pile a
while. He looks pale, anyhow."
W. A. Brandes, the Berkeley child
slayer, who was taken to Folsom Peniten
tiary yesterday to begin serving his ten
year sentence, played his trump card on
arrival at the pen by requesting to be as
signed to • the band in preference to jj the
quarry.
Oakland Office San Francsco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 3.
Child Slayer's Request
for Place in Band
Refused.
Dr. Vosburgh Will Come
to First Baptist
Church.
The drift of the population toward the
cities has been very* marked during the
decade preceding the last censusland It is
surmised that in another decade about
half the people will have taken up their
abode in towns and cities. Man is a so
cial animal and detests the Isolation of
rural life. When a system shall have
been adopted which combines, as far as
practicable, city life with agricultural pur
puits there will be less immigration from
the farm. The founders of future cities
will undoubtedly keep this in ' view.—Dal
las News.
The State of New York has the largest
proportion of its population living in in
corporated places, the percentage there
being 77.6. New Jersey fs a clo4 second
with a percentage of 76.2. In Mississippi
this proportion is the lowest, the percent-
age being only 14.7. New Mexico comes
close to Mississippi, with a percentage of
15.2. It is also shown that there are 16°
cities with 25,000 inhabitants or more"
making an aggregate of 19,757,618 inhabit-! 1
ants. ;.•--¦ . -- -* :!
The census bulletin on the population
of incorporated cities shows that almost
one-half of the entire population lives in
such places. There are 10,602 incorporated
towns with 35,849,516 inhabitants, which Is
47.1 of the entire total. The subiolned
figures give an idea of the distribution of
the people in the towns and cities of the
country at the present'time:
1,000,000 ana over »
000,000 and under 1.000,000 '""""
300.000 and under 400,000 " "" c
200.000 and under 300,000 ••¦-- «
J.00,000 and under 200.000 "" 19
60,000 and under 100,000 '"' in
23,000 and under 50,000 """ cj
20,000 and tinder 25,000 " f?
15,000 ond under 20,000 ¦•••.-... o
12,00ft and under 15,000 vk
10.000' and under 12,000 " «
8,000 and under 10,000..... If,
S.OOO and under 9,000 "" «
7.C0O and under 8,000 " 75
6,000 and under 7,000 ;. ¦ "" 00
5,000 end under 6,000 "*" 1I7
4,000 and under 5,000 :..... .."." '" 21'
3,000 and under 4,000.'. *"*' 047
2,500 and under 3,000 '.'.'" S57
2.000 and under 2.500 .......... j,i,
1,500 and under 2.000..; " «Ai
1,000 and under 1,500 " v """i m
EOO and under LO00 .• "2'^ni
Under 500 "I! 1 1 "ll^sis
Some Census Figures.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3. — "Secret Service,"
the stirring military drama by William
Gillette, will be presented during the com
ing week at the Dewey Theater. The re
hearsals and staging have been worked
out under the personal supervision of T
Daniel Frawley, who has given close at
tention to every detail of the production.
The departure is a, striking example of
the enterprise of Manager Landers Stev
•ne of the local playhouse, who has left
nothing undone to Insure his patrons a
clean and artistic rendition of the famous
drama. There will be a special cast, the
stock company being augmented to meet
the demand cf the production.
Manager Frawley to Personally Sup-
ervise the Production of
the Drama.
"SECRET SERVICE" TO BE
GIVEN AT THE DEWET
I GOLDEN HftRP
AWAITS BRANDES
Weary Willie— It ain't dat. mum; but
any gent as valued his reppytation fer a
polite understandin' of de etiket of wat
to wear an' when to wear it. wouldn't
never allow himself to be seen in any slch
a combination.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Weary Willie— Thankeo kindly fer de
frock coat, mum, but I'll have to decline
dc straw hat.
The parson's wife— Why, what's wrong
with the hat?
Some idea of the quantity of stuff that
New York will absorb in-tha^way of food
in one day maybe gleaned from the fad
that on one express freight the other day
there were five cars of lettuce, all of
which was disposed of three hours after
the car reached here. — The salad leaves
c ? m £ f . I^ nl lorid a in refrigerator cars
?. ,^ he . Ju nit>o" type, used chiefly in the
California fruit trade. . It took 30,000
poundp of ice. to refrigerate the cars for
the trip.— New. York Times.
Gotham's Capacious Maw.
¦ Special low prices in superior parlor furni
ture. H. Schellhaas, Oakland. Eleventh st. •
OAKLAND GIRL. WHO HAS
ACHIEVED A NOTABLE SUC
: CESS ON EASTERN STAGE.
Suffering for Beans.
When beans are shipped by the carload
all the way from Austria-Hungary over
an v ocean and across the greater part of
two continents to supply the markets
of Spokane, it is time to protest. Yet
that is exactly what happened recently,
when three carloads of beans from. the
land of Francis Joseph arrived in this city
recently to supply the trade.
The land surface of Washington. Is
66.880 square miles; the population is
518,103. The total area of the Austro-
Hungarian empire is 201,591 square miles.
a little less than three times the area of
this State; but on this space they are
able not only to find room for 41.S27.7-J0
people — more than half as great a poula
tion as the "United States— but they have
a few acres of land to spare on which to
raise beans for the suffering people of
Spokane. — Spokane Chronicle.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— Eight-year-old
Charlie Gilmore, living with his parents,
Mr. and Mrs. John Gilmore, at 1056 Fifty
seventh street, was picked up by passers
by near the Southern Pacific tracks In
Emeryville about 7 p. m. with his skull
crushed. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where the surgeons who oper
ated on the fracture said that there was
hardly a chance for the boy to live.
The little fellow recovered consciousness
before the operation began and asked for
his mother, who shortly afterward ar
rived. He told her that he was killed
and asked her to kiss him goodby.
Mrs. Gilmore said that the boy was
used to jumping on and off trains at the
Emeryville station and that it was doubt
less In this way that he met with the
accident. John Gflmore. the boy's father,
arrived at the hospital after the boy had
relapsed into unconsciousness. His death
is momentarily expected.
Found by Passers-By Near the Rail
road Track With His Skull
Crushed.
EOT JUMPS FROM MOVING
TEAIU" AND FATALLY HURT
OAKLAND, Aug.' 3.— With a record
of Instant success In her chosen
profession on the theatrical stage,
Miss Pearl Humphrey, the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Hum-,
phrey of this city, has just received word
from New York that she will be expected
to return to the metropolis at once to-re
sume her place with the company which
will open the season there in "A Fatal
Wedding." Miss Humphrey was called
home by the illness of her father. She
har. been with her parents at the family
residence, 126 Athol avenue, but expects
to leave for the East. next Wednesday to
be ready for the opening of the theatrical
season.
Miss Humphrey Is one of many Oak
land girls, born here and educated in the
schools and academies ~ of the City of
Oaks, who have attained a large measure
of success in the theatrical world. She
was graduated ' from Snell's | Seminary
when in her teens and developed such,nat
ural talent along the line of elocution and
dramatic recital that it was thought wise
by her parents and friends to allow her
bent to have full sway.
To this end Miss Humphrey was sent
ACCEPTS CALL
TO NEW PULPIT
In December Miss Humphrey will join
David Belasco in one of his notable pro
ductions and will remain with him until
the close of the season. On stage
she is known as Ola Humphrey. She is' a
sister to Orral Humphrey, the young act
or whose marriage last week to Miss Car
rie Adams of this city was followed by
their sudden departure for Alaska.
to Boston, where she took a course in the /
Emerson College of Oratory. After grad
uation from that institution the aspirant
for a theatrical career was rewarded with
several offers. All of last season Miss "
Humphrey wa3 with May Irwin in that
jolly actress' successes in comedy. - Then
she played leading lady In "The Great
Ruby," and was so engaged when she was
called home on account of her father's
serious illness, from which he has recov
eied.
i r %. a P t^ 1 "^ E - L - Dow haVe returned from
a visit to Dr. Dow's mother in New Hampshire
They also, spent some time at the Buffalo Ex
position.
Mrs. C. C. Clay and Miss Madeline Clay have
returned to their Fruitvale home after an ex
tended visit In the East.
Miss Phelps of Stockton Is the guest of Mrs
J. J. Meigs of this city.
• • •
Miss C. E. McDonald gave an Informal card
party at her East Oakland home last evening.
1 Iaye^' v2 rl2es belne -*on by Miss
Lillian White and Mrs. M. Foster, Mr Bluel
and John Jordan. The guests were: Mr. and
Mrs. W S White. Professor and Mrs. Davis,
M , r - , su i d Mrs - M - J - Keller, Mr. and Mrs
B1 2 e k Mr^ To 51 **- M1 s* Lillian White Mr
and Mrs T. C. Shankland. Mrs. Mercell, George
?^« el ;VT? Ir tf nd ¥ r $- W - W - Craig. Mrs. I.
£, i «• Edward James, John Jordan and
Charles McDonald.
Miss Mazle Xicholl was the hostess yesterday
at a luncheon given at her home, on Tenth ave
nue. East Oakland. The guest of honor was
Miss Mcholl's sister. Mrs. H. F. Clark of Ven-
J u fj\r" lirh . 0 , is vlsltln S in Oakland. Covers were
\? id j2E Mrs - H - F - Clark - Dr. Frazer, Miss Ju-
Ua Frazer. Dr. and Mrs. Curry of Temescal.
Sm E - £• F1 A Sh V M1SS Ida Curry « Mlss Blanche
M11 1*?',. M ,?' A< J - Wll6on - J °°n Nicholl, Dr. W.
« M x£°l? £ f P enver . M'ss Hessie Nicholl and
Sirs, rticholl.
• • •
To-morrow afternoon at he bride's home on
Filbert street. Miss Irene Elizabeth Halsteau"
will wed Joseph S. Watkins. Rev. E. R DMle
pastor of the First Methodist Church, will be the
officiating clergyman. The groom Is in charge
cf the local railway station in Berkeley and
the young people will make their home in the
collese town.
OAKLAND. Augr. 3.— The date for the wed
ding «f M!es Pauline Lohee and Montell Taylor
has been set for August 2L The wedding will
be & quiet home affair, invitations being limited
to relatives and Immediate friends of the young
people. A number of events in honor of the
several brides-to-be, among them being Miss
Lohee. Miss Rued. Miss Gage, Mies Sharon and
Miss Palraer. are being arranged for the near
future. Mlse Florence Edoff will entertain next
week In honor of all the brides-elect
IN OAKLAiND SOCIETY.
Last of the Eeichstadtars.
While Mme. Sarah Bernhardt and M.
Coquelin are applauded nightly at Ge
neva in "L/Aiglon," news comes from
Warsaw of the death of Varabowski, an
old soldier of /he Napoleonic campaigns,
and said to be the last of the partisans or
adherents of the young Duke of Relchs
tadt. Varabowski. who attained the rank
of lieutenant in the Grande Armee, and
who fought at Waterloo, reached the age
of 105 years. A Pole by birth, he threw
his lot with the French, and joined a se
cret society of Bonapartists formed in the
reign of Louis XVIII. by Berton and two
other superior officers who had served
under Napoleon. The conspirators called
themselves the Knights of Liberty, and in
1822 they went about boldly proclaiming
their intention to restore the empire, with
theAiglon, or the Duke of Relchstadt, at
its head. The knights were joined by
many of the Old Guard, as well as by nu
merous recruits, so that they formed a
respectable army, of which Berton was
made general.
They operated In In the west of France,
and actually took several towns in the
"name of Napoleon II. Near Saumur. Var
abowski. acting as aid-de-camp to Berton,
and assisted' by others, posted proclama
tions in villages, and called on all defend
ers of the empire to rally around the
Knights of Liberty. At Saumur Itself,
however, the Knights came to grief. The
Mayor of that tqwn. a strong Royalist,
assembled the garrison of the military
school, and then delayed Berton by ne
gotiations until re-enforcements arrived.
The Knights did not o-ter any resistance,
but retreated as fast as they could.
Nearly all the leaders of the movement
were captured and tried. Berton was shot,
and his younger companions, like Lieuten
ant Varabowski, were banished. The
Pole went home to his own country after
this disastrous attempt to restore the em-<
pire and to make the Aiglon a real' Na
poleon II. The conspirators were tried at
the assizes of the Department of the Vi
enne. and legal documents still exist to
show the part played by Varabowski and"
the others in the abortive effort of 1822.
just ten years before the young Duke of
Reichstadt l passed away.— Paris Corre
spondence London Telegraph.
OAKLAND. Aug. 3. — An evening of sa
cred song will be given at the First Eng
lish Lutheran Church, Sixteenth and
Grove streets, to-morrcw night. The solo
ists are Mrs. Margaret Cameron Smith.
p5ano; Mrs. Jessie Brock Morgan, so
prano: Harry L. Perry, basso; Dr. F. L.
XL Hue, violin: Miss Abba Kellogg, or
ganist.
. Following Is the programme:
Organ prelude, Sliss Abba Kelloggr; anthem,
'From Egypt's Bondage Come" (Page), choir;
prcyer by the pastor. Rev. William Kelly;
hymn, "Lord of the World's Above," Xo. 4S;
¦violin folo. "Hymne a Saint Cecile" (Gounod),
Dr. F. L. M. Hus; soprano 6olo, "Fear Xot Te.
O Israel!" jiBuck). Mrs. Jessie Brock Morgan;
address on' rsusic. Rev. William Kelly; violin
solo. "•Berceuse" (Jocelyn) (Goddard). Dr. F.
1— M. Hus; bass solo. "Jerusalem" (Parker),
Harry l. Perry: organ offertory, "Offerings";
nnthem, "Sun of My Soul" fLerman-Mascagni),
U adaptation cf Mascagni's intermezzo choir;
hymn. "To the Name of God on High," JCo.
T: beneiSlction; organ postlude. Miss Abba Kel
logg.
The choir members are:
{¦"pranes— Mrs. Jessie Brock Morgan, Miss
K'.iss S. Bolsjed. Miss Pauline Peterson: altos —
Mrs. William Kelly. Miss Minnie Peterson;
tenors— Harvey Pollitt, J. T. Shepard; bassos —
Gecrre A. Flick, John C. Walling.
Soloists and Choir of Lutheran
Church. Arranges an Evening
for Sacred Song.
MTTEIC OF EELIGIO1T
TO BE INTERPRETED
Upon complaint of the nroprietors of
Barnum's restaurant William Jensen.
Manuel Rodgers and Henry Cole, plcke'3
of the Cooks' and Walters' Alliance In
front of the nlace, were arrested to-night
on charges of rl'sturhlner the peace.
Antone Pagse. proprietor of the boycot
ted restaurant, said that he would carry
en the fight in the courts to a definite
conclusion. He claims that all his men
are remaining with him and are satisfied
with their hours and wages. .
P. S.— The rest day of the entire organization
will depend upon the outcome of the issue of
which we ask your assistance. ¦ :\~.k
This communication has received the sanc
tion of the Federation of Trades. Very re
spectfully. Cooks* & "Walters' Alliance.
HARRY COLE (Per S.>.
The Cooks' and ¦Waiters'. Alliance. Local J?o.
a of Oakland, with a membership of 20S. re
ouest that you withdraw your patronage from
Barnum's restaurant. On June 3, Levorel &
Pagge, as members of the Employers' Associa
tion of Oakland, entered Into an agreement
with the Cooks* & Waiters* Alliance to give
their employes a weekly rest day. They con
tinued to do so until this week. Their state
ment that their employes did not desire the
weekly rest day has been investigated and haa
teen found to be untrue. They being of for
eign birth and not conversant with the Eek
ll.«h language, are fearful of assertions: a pro
test. The request made that you withdraw
your patronage for a short time Is so trifling
and the results will be so effective that we
have no doubt but that you will readily
accede.
"We w«re prepared for this move and
have retained counsel to look after the
legal end cf the matter. The case will be
fought to a standstill «n court. We have
no resentment against this means taken
by Barnum's to carry on«their fight. Of
course, each sirle has a right to da what
it can to win out. We t'aink we have the
best case and expect to gain a decision.
"In the meantime we are ready with
another -way of reaching the restaurant
aftefr cur pickets are taken off. We have
prepared a list of the patrons of Barnum's
and will address a letter to each one ask
ins them to withdraw their patronage."
The circular letter which will be mailed
to the addresses on • the list above men
tioned is as follows:
Mr. :
It is hereby ordered, adjudged and decreed
that upon plaintiff flllng an undertaking herein
as provided by law in the sum of five hun
dred (500) dollars, approved by one of th«
judges or said court, a temporary Injunction
issue out of this court addressed to the defend
ants mentioned in the complaint herein, their
servants, agents and employes, enjoining and
restraining them while stationed or picketed
or marching up and down In front of the
plaintiff s place of business mentioned and de
scribed in the complaint herein from Inducing
by threats or otherwise any person or persona
in the employ of the plaintiff to leave such
employ while so stationed, picketed or march
ing, from Intimidating by threats expressed or
implied or by violence or physical harm to
their body or of harm to their property, any
person or persons from dealing with or pa
tronizing the plaintiff in the prosecution oc
his business, described In the complaint herein,
and while so picketed, stationed or, marching
from preventing or attempting to prevent by
the use of the words "unfair"' or "unjust" as
applied to the plaintiff or his said business or
the conduct thereof any person or persona
from dealing with or patronizing said plaintJS
or his said business.
It is further ordered, adjudged and decreed
that defendants and each of them show cauao
before Department No. 3 of this court at th««
Courthouse in the city of Oakland, county of
Alameda. State of California, on the 9th day
of August, 1901, at 2 o'clock p. m. of said day,
why said" temporary Injunction should not be
made permanent and why a permanent Injunc
tion should not be granted in the terms abtrva
set forth.
President George Moorehead of th<s
Cooks' tnd Waiters* Alliance said: -•.. ';
Judge Greene In making the order says:
Oakland Office S.-m Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 3.
Following the precedent set by Judge
Sloss of San Francisco, Superior Judge
W. E Greene to-day issued a temporary
injunction restraining the Cooks' and
Waiters' Alliance from patrolling near
Barnum's restaurant for the purpose of
inducing the public to withdraw their
patronage from the house. The union, an
ticipating this event, will adopt another
method cf carrying on the boycott, at the
same lime fighting the injunction in the
courts. """ . . ' .
Oakland Office San F"randsco Call,
• 111S Broadway, Aug. 3.
The City Council to-night cited every
mortgagee and every mortgagor of prop
erty lyin«r between the water front. Four
teenth Btreet. Market street and the north
arm of the estuary to appear on Monday,
August 12, before the Board of Equaliza
tion to show cause why the assessed valu
ation of the property should not be raised
to the amount shown on. the records as
<lue upon mortgages. ;.' ;
The purpose of this move is to bring
the assessments up to at least the face
of the mortgages as represented upon the
rolls. It Is claimed by those who have
been preparing the lists for the Board of
Eauaflzatlon that there is in the district
¦wnlch has been Included In the notice
." of to-night a difference of $250,000 between
the assessed valuation and the mortgages.
The figures. It Is asserted, show that the
assessment Is a Quarter of a million dol
lars less than the mortgages recorded
against the properly.
The Contra Costa Water Company filed
applications to-day for a reduction of
$1,000,000 on its franchise assessment. The
affidavits, which* were made by William
J. Dlngee. president of the company, axe
on e line with those upon which the com
pany secured a reduction of $1,400,000 on Its
franchise assessments at the hands of the
Board of Supervisors. The company
claims that its franchises are not as
ee&s&ble, but should It be decided that
they are subject to assessment they
ehould be assessed In San Francisco. The
hearing 1 on the applications was set for
next Tuesday night.
"For five years," said "Creed to-night,
"my pension has been drawn by the
widow pf my cousin, .whose name was
John M. Creed, exactly the same as mine.
The woman's name was Sally Miller be
fore she married and she is now living in
Fairfield, Lancaster County, Ohio. She
knew of my enlistment and took advan
tage of that knowledge and of her hus
band's name to get my pension. Her hus
band was dead when she first applied. I
do not expect to get back pav. but I
expect matters to be straightened im
mediately and the illegal payments
stopped. The pension amounts to $8 a
month."
Creed joined the Eighty-fifth Ohio Regi
ment-on a three months' enlistment in
1862. At the end of his time he joined the
Seventeenth Ohio and remained in the
latter regiment until the close of the war.
He marched with Sherman to the sea
and fought at Chickamauga. Stone River,
Buzzard Roof and other places. He was
/wounded at Chickamauga.
Creed resides at the corner of Rose and
California streets, this city, and is a
farmer.
Four years ago the veteran applied for
aid from the Government. His application
lav among hundreds of others month after
month and then came the announcement
that his widow had been receivine the
money. Investigation followed with re
markable results.
BERKELEY, Aug. 3.— According to
John M. Creed a pension due him from
this, Government as a veteran in~the Civil
War has been drawn for the last five
years by a woman who claims to be his
widow. Creed has just discovered' the
fraud through a special agent from the
Pension Bureau, who has been investi
gating the case for several months. The
agent declares Creed to be the rightful
pensioner.
The woman also said she was from Mis
souri. At the hospital she refused to take
any medicine and her teeth were badly
broken in the attempt to force her Jaws
apart. In spite of her opposition a wedsre
was finally inserted in her mouth and the
jaws forced apart to admit the adminis
tration of emetics and antidotes. ¦
When called by her name Mrs*. Hilton
nearly broke down arid asked how the
hospital attendants had learned it. On
being told that it was on the telegrams in
her eatchel she relapsed into silence apaln
after remarking that they should find out
nothing further.
Mrs. Hilton was well dressed in a dark
traveling suit and carried little luggage.
From the tenor of the dispatches it is
surmised that she is a bookkeeper or clerk
on her way to occupy a position at Red
ding. From a remark she made to Police
Sergeant Green while riding from the
station to the hospital it seems that she
has previously attempted suicide.
*Tve made a success of the job this
time, she said.
To the hospital steward «he woman ad
mitted that she had taken chloral, but re
fused to say who she was or why she had
taken the. narcotic. Antidotes were
promptly administered and late to-night
the Patient seems likely to 'recover,
though still in a precarious condition. Two
telegrams found on her person established
her identity. One is dated Redding, Au
gust £ and is addressed to Mrs. Cora Hil
ton, Emigrant Gap. It reads:
Come at once. Need you. Store can't get
along. Bookkeeper and cashier rrant to be re
lieved. PRINCE.
The other bears the same signature and
date and reads:
"Wait for third letter. PRINCE.
A woman griving her name as Mrs. Cora
Hilton, and who seemed to be about 23
years old, took poison on the overland
train from the East this afternoon and
was brought to Oakland for treatment.
She boarded the train at Emigrant Gap,
and her ticket reads from that point to
Redding. When the train reached the
mole at 5 o'clock the Pullman sleeper in
which the would-be suicide was riding
was switched up to the First street and
Broadway station, only four blocks from
the Receiving Hospital, and she was
taken in a carriage to the hospital for
treatment. Her fellow passengers knew
nothing further of the matter than that
the woman suddenly fell,, writhing and
goaning with pain, to the car floor. This
w *s at about 2 o'clock, when the train was
at Colfax.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 3.
ency and Will Adopt
Other Measures.
— *
Union Prepared for Emerg-
Swallows Overdose of Chloral
and Gives No Reason
for Act.
Assessment Discrepancy of
$250,000 Exists in One
District
Similarity in Names Makes
Her Scheme Easy to --* L /
Carry Out.
Mrs. Cora Hilton Makes
Attempt at Suicide
on Train.
V*l t ~< 1 rrr •» mm ,
Cooks and Waiters Must
Not Patrol Vicinity
of Barnum's.
Oakland Board of Equal
ization Is After In
formation.
Woman Claims to Be J.
M. Creed's Widow
and Gets Money.
COURT ENJOINS
USE OF PICKETS
DRAWS PENSION
THROUGH FRAUD
ANTIDOTES SAVE
A WOMAN'S LIFE
DEMANDS FACTS
ON MORTGAGES
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
¦ , ' ' ' - ' . \
THE 5AN FKA]NUbWi;ALLJ, SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 190i;
Miss Pearl Humphrey, Oakland Girl Whose Success in
the Theatrical World Was Instantaneous, Apparently
Has a Brilliant Future Before Her in Her Profession
CALLED IN HASTE TO NEW YORK
TO RESUME PLACE ON THE STAGE
25
! A CERTAIN CURE F0R w S Ara
r Perfect health and strength denote the absence of disease. When you are weak it means that you lack that
> , "which is the foundation of strength— of life itself — Electricity. You may be afflicted with Rheumatism. Dysoeosia.
J Lame Back^ Weak Kidneys. Loss of Power, Varicocele, Wasting Weakness, Sciatica, Constipation or anv of the
' numerous diseases which lead to an • early breaking down of the system. If you have any of these troubles they
! - should be attended to at once. You have tried drugs and'found that if they even stimulated you they did hot cure,
J but left you with some, new trouble as a result of the poison put into your system.
I . ./ Electricity Is Nature's Cure
) \ •¦ . \r*^^\ or a^ 4i 8case s oi the blood, nerves, muscles
? * • »c^J^» an( * orjfSL ? s *. * k ave spent twenty years- and al- '
\ '*^ar dcvel ?P in * a bod y battiry which gives a stronsr
\"/f curative current to the wearer, without the least
'-¦/.:'¦-¦ " XT'* ' (- discomfort. This perfected appliance is
t. ~^'/<Ql\A VDII 1 icLJlUGH(ipMECt|| BEIT
/5 >; '/^ £ ** na ? cure< * W- 000 People and the testimony
.*y-' >•*.',/' '*\.-' 'Zzmr ''* •'V * 5 on ** ie * or a 'l W^° want Proof of what this
>;,/// ':'¦",*' ''^Vv'' Ji& S™ 1^ remedy has done. For six or eight hours
• V>-'/' .-- ,>.-<^ P s * Si= -^!y every night it pours a steady stream of electric-
yy^,^.- J r *.~<'~ V"^ -""^^w * ty * nto t * Te nervc center, saturating the weak-
'j/y/lif^f'-'-' ¦ >> >~lSS^«wSL encd tissues and organs with its life. This is
<£$>"?• - ¦"""- - Wr<$%#mk strcn * th - From it come the vim, energy, the fire
••" - JZ '"^^m^m^ of Perfect physical and mental action. It re-
W^gr ~- -T. .«,!_ •%Il|P^f||a news the hcalth 3Jld happiness of all men.
Read What the Cured Say.
I I -~,V-'-' A^ out a month" ago I besran""to use one of
%w \«» > •," v| / ¦" s >"">-~l v>— h I ~ your Belts for the cure of rheumatism. It has
. v S> vX'i;^ • Va'S-)/ / done grand t work for me. I began to improve
\ VA^ I "1347 Jessie street, San Francisco."
\ ~ . \\V '\Y "Your Ekctric Belt, has indeed relieved me
» .- ; . ' \ l \ 1» very. much. It has strengthened mv nervous
t L- V- ¦ system and greatly benefited the action of mv
I kidneys. ,1 strongly recolnmend your Belt -'for all nervous weakness and kidney trouble, for it has done all that
k you claimed it would in mv case. Yours truly, "V. "
),V-. ; : - -I'. ? "HENRY BEWS: Steward.. Lane Hospital,; San Francisco. Cal."
| ' .;/TRY I*r TO-DAy-SEND FOR BOOK.
I If you are close 1 enough to call, do so. Let mo show you the , difference between my up-to-date appliance and old-
J style burning electric belt. "Let me prove to you",why mysBelt cures when. they failr. . r '•
f- • If you can't call, .write for my beautiful descriptive book.* showing how my Belt is used and giving hundreds of let-
'•iters from grateful people. Call or address, Inclosing, this ad. OfQce hours 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays 10 to 1.
t;DR. m, o. Mclaughlin,;; SAN JOSE, " ; Aug.'. 3.— Louis E. Beauleu,
aged 42 years, , a 1 car. repairer'; in Uhe em
ploy I of the : Southern Pacific ' Company,
was killed to-day in the company's. yards
by being, crushed between two cars while
switching was being done. '-./'.->:¦<••-, ¦<":<¦¦¦:>:.
Crushed Bet-ween the Cars.
: NEW YORK, Aug. ¦ 3.— Mgr. Scalabrini,
Bishop of Placencla, Italy, and head of all
the Roman Catholic missions ". throughout
the i. world/- arrived to-day on ' the ' steamer
•Ldguria.- He.ison a visit of- inspection of
the missions in America and will remain
in this country until October.
I .WOODLAND, Aug. 3.— The dove- hunt
,ers are : in a dilemma. The last.Legisla
ture enacted a new game law which fixes
the beginning of the open season for doves
as Anguat 1. Two 'years ago the' Super
visors of this county passed an" ordinance
extending ; the ¦ dose - season to September
1. As doves disappear about, that time the
hunters are Inclined to take chances that
In this instance the ¦ ordinance does not
suspend .the general law.
Inspecting 1 - Catholic Missions.
Dove-Hunters in a Quandary.
The Oil, Paint and Drug . Reporter esti
mates the total petroleum exports from
the United States during the year ending
June 1 at 1,024,410,478 gallons, showing an
increase as compared with the exports
during the preceding fiscal year of 67,778,
452 gallons. The exports of crude oil
amounted to 140,000,000 gallons, showing an
increase of 7,400,000 gallons. The exports
of Illuminating oil reached a total of 771,
900,000 gallons and showed an increase of
59,000,000 gallons. The exports of naphtha
and of residuum both showed a decrease,
the former of 3,000,000 gallons and the lat
ter of 9,000,000 gallons. Lubricating oils
also show a falling off to the amount of
3,400,000 gallons. "¦¦¦¦¦: . '
I -Los- Angeles operators are deepening
their oil wells. The scene of the greatest
activity, in. this work is in the eastern end
of the field, where the average depth of
the wells in the first sand is 650 feet and
the average depth of those driven to the
second .sand Is .¦ about - 1150 feet. • Many
operators believe that there is a third oil
sand, but no effort will be made to reach
it until the second is pumped dry.
Dr. Stephen Bowers Is , completing his
report of the conditions found . ln-the
Carisso Creek district in San Diego Coun
ty,; which will be published by the State
Mining Bureau. .
Petroleum Exports Grow.
land involved be approved to the State of
California, •. - i
A- protest was filed by Chandler on Sep
tember .29,- 1887, against the selection by
the State, alleging that the land included
is mineral, and therefore not open to the
State on such action. The property has
been in litigation. in one.wajr and .another
for some time. Register I Crookshanks
and Receiver Arthur Kinney have just
handed down a* decision to the effect that
there was not sufficient: evidence to show
superior value of oil, as the tract afffords
some grazing, and has been used for that
purpose. They recommend that the min
eral contest be dismissed and that the
tion, 24, 2, 11. .The claim" was located by
Burdette Chandler. According to the rec
ords of the land office, the State of Cali
fornia on November 15, 18S2, filed indem
nity school selection No. 163 for the land
in question and for the land in adjacent
sections. " ' . • ,-:;/., -
There was a slight reduction in new
work In the California oil fields last
month. This is the theme of the Los An
\ geles Herald, which says In reviewing the
• ¦ .. :,:. : '] ' :¦:{:
."More llian usual difficulty Is ¦ experienced In
'making a detailed report of the operations In
the oil fields of California for the month just
closed, for the reason that there are many
wells which are nominally being drilled, but
on which work Is temporarily suspended or Is
proceeding very slowly. The low price of oil
-and the great heat In a number of fields have
combined to make It desirable that little work
be done, though many plans are maturing: for
beginning more active development work about
September 1. The statistics herewith presented
show but forty less rigs and wells drilling
than were reported a month ago, but the ac
tual number of men employed in the fields has
been reduced at a considerably heavier rate.
One month ago it was shown that: there had
been a tendency to close up work on wells be
ing drilled, which had resulted In an increase
'In new production and welli completed. This
would naturally lead to , a big decrease in
:- ¦ . -• . ."•-¦
completed work for July, and It is not sur
prising that there is a falling off of 66 per
cent in the number of 'wells completed and of
64 per cent in the amount of new production.
Lo^ng Contracts Finn.
It Is known. that the companies selling 1 oil
In San Francisco bave more than doubled their
contracts of last year In .amount Of oil, and
that the contracts are based on about the
same as last ; year's figures. -While oil' In stock
held by the companies In the field has been
sold at absurdly low fleures during; the last
elx months. "there has- been '• no break-In prices
on. Ions-time contracts, and the Bale ot 800,000
barrels at Jl 33 delivered In San Francisco was
reported, a<few days since, the contract cover-
Ing: a series of years.
It seems evident that the Standard Oll.Com
par.y, as well as the producers. In looking
forward to hlpher prices, for It Is fllllne Its
tanks In the Kern River field as raddly as
they are built, and Is building; them as rapidly
as possible. ;:'¦'¦'¦¦ • "
Last month two companies drilled iri
Shasta County, three In Tehama County,
two in Glenn County, -eight in Colusa
County, one In Butte County, two* in
Napa. County, three in Solano County;
three in Contra Costa County, three in
San Mateo' County, three In Santa Cruz
County, six in San Benito County," fifteen
in Fresno County, two in Tulare- County,
four In Kings County, ninety-nine in, the
Kern ! River district, eighty-two in th«
.McKittrick-Sunset field, seven In Monfe.
rey Copnty, six in San Luis Oblspo Coun
ty ten in Santa Barbara County, three In
SummeYland, one iri Ventura County.
There were thirty-two we.lls in Los Ange
les under the drill and eight In the coun
ty outside of the city; fourteen in the
Whittier .field, twenty-eight In the Fuller
ton field, .two in Riverside County, four
In San Bernardino County, and three In
Sin Diego County. -. '; .¦ . -/¦
Eecklessly Spoil Property.
¦ The Bakersfleld Calif ornian -says that
there -are companies' in the Kern- River
field that are allowing, their drillers to
spoil the oil property upon which they
are working and the Immediate property
surrounding their holdings, by neglecting
to completely shut off the water encoun
tered in the drilling.. , By this neglect, it
was found iri the Pennsylvania and other
Eastern fields, that tho water, upon strik
,jng.! the porous •bll-sand. 'being, heavier
jhan . the .oil, pushes it in. advance.- For
a time the. wells) may. increase in produc
tion^ but this will-bej of short duration.as
has been pro.ven In the older fields. '
The Hercules olf 1 refinery in Los Angeles
will handle 1000 barrels . of oil per day.
The Register and Receiver of the United
States Land Officer have rendered a decis
ion affecting: land east of Whlttler. The
land is known as the Chandler petroleum
mining claim,- and' is in the southwest
quarter, of ,the southwest quarter of, sec-
Mre. J. E. Hopkins. Miss Mabel K. Hop
kins-and Miss M. G. Li. Recinold, who have
been at Hiehlands for a few weeks, returned
to the 'city Tuesday. They are expecting to
return again in about two weeks.
August promises to be a very gay month at
Highlands, as- there , are . many engagements
and hunters -are making great . preparations
for: deer huntine. <• Professor Watson Is still
acting as guide- for .hunting 1 parties. 1
" -J. Crate- gave a stage and lake ride to a
party' of guests on Wednesday, lunching at
Paradise "Valley. • "" : * ...'
•¦?' Judjre ' Sullivan and ! family and ¦ Mrs. C.
Iva'ncovich and family, who had j cottages at
HIghlands-'-for several weeks; returned to the
city Sunday. • _ - : , ¦ " ~
There have been quite t a large number of
boatlns parties on the lake the past week,
some of them during the moonlight evenings.
Professor William Piuttl, the . well-known
pianist of Oakland, made Highlands a short
visit.
John F." Maloney and S. L. 'Welch of San
Francisco arrived Monday.
H. Hollman and wife of San Francisco and
M. H. Maltbie.and Miss Whltineof Los- An
geles.are up for a long stay to get the benefit
of the waters.
Homer A- .Craig, the well-known Insurance
man, made Highlands a short visit last week.
H. • G. Lower ofi Denver spent p. few days
here. "••:•'
Mrs. H*. Stell and daughter of San Francisco
have taken rooms for several weeks.
HIGHLANp SPRINGS— Mrs. L. W. Mcffatt.
accompanied •• by her daughters, Miss Moffatt
and Miss May B. Moffatt, and son, George H.
Moffatt. who have been at Highlands since
May 31, returned to their home 'Wednesday.
Mr. and Mrs.' M. E. Tobin are here for a sev
eral weeks' stay. t -
PARAISO SPRINGS— The following guest?
registered during the last week at Paralso
Springs: From San Francisco— H. BIngham.
wife and daughter, Mrs. M. Barnes, Eloise
Brunetti. L. Crocker, W. K. Brown. Mrs. Dil
lon and son. Miss Ella Smith. Mr. and Mrs.
Galpin, three children and nurse. Miss Frances
Jolliffe. A. D. Sharon and wife. Miss Sharon,
Samuel Bibo, Mrs. Belle Oppenhelmer. Mrs.
M. C. Godeus, Mrs. M. . C Levy, James C.
Dunphy. Miss L. A. Hilton. Mrs. J. Knowlton,'
Ro'bert McDonald, James H. Dooltttle, Miss
Lelah Laws, Miss Pearl Laws. From Hollls
ter — Rev. B. Smyth. Miss Kate Smyth, Mrs. A.
Breen, Amy Breen. From San Jose — Mrs. J.
M. Barret, Miss Mabel Lynn, E. O. Magoon.
From Santa Rosa— Mrs. Lulu Turts. . From
Salinas— Miss Mamie Conrad, E. A. Eaton,
Miss Alice Lynn, Mrs. Charles Frances, Mrs.
M. R. Keef. From Monterey— J. B. R. Cooper
and wife. T. J. Field, David Jacks. R. S.
Lewis, Haywards:- Mrs.. S.: N« Laughlin. Miss
Laughlin, Mdss Landing: S. Grant Moore,
Grant H. Moore, G. Bedell Moore, Los Gatos.
From Watsonville — Albert E. Joy- and son. J.
Lee Burbeck and wife. H. C. Struve. From
AJameda— M. B, Medbury and aunt, Mrs. C.
A. Spencer. From King City— H. P. 'Lehr and
wife. R. P. Lehr, Mrs. William Lynn. Ed
mund Lynn. Mrs. W. K. Brown. Mrs. Helena
Sogno, H. H. Fahnestock. H. W. Duncan, T.
S. Keating, J. E. Hartenbower, Emily J. Har
tenbower, Illinois; S. A. -Barnes, Reedley; J.
C. Clausen. A: Jl Zabala. Arroyo Seco; Larkln
G. Smith, Charles Anselni, Gonzales.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— Among the recent ar
rivals at Saratoga Springs are: Mrs. Stumm
and daughter. Benlcia; George Rivers and wife/
Miss Rosebud Rivers, Miss Charlotte Ellis, St.
Helena; H. R. Martens. Glen Ellen; H. B.
Smlthson, Lodi; Charles Cammel, J. Lang,
San. Francisco; A. W. Clark • and wife, M.
Jones, -R. Jones, T. Jones, Lakeport; Eva
Ellis, Eva Phillips. Edna F. Lyman. T. F.
Hemmenway, Mrs. "W. E. Deane, James H.
Tldle. Otto Piehl. R. Wolff. Miss Marsell De
lores, Miss Lea Delores, San Francisco; Mrs.
G. B. Willits, Willits; Auto E. Casey. Santa
Rosa: Mrs. Beck, Alameda; J. Levy and wife,
San Francisco; George H. Corey., Mrs. Corey,
Mrs. Masters. A. G. McDonald, Benlcia; Dr.
J. H. Swan, Oakland; R. McFadden, Oregon;
H. Mackey, Santa Clara; F. Parker, Trinity;
H. Peterson, Salt Lake City; TV. H. White, C.
O'Farrell. San Francisco; Miss Ora Rivers,
Miss Sydna Saunters. Riverside: Miss F. B.
Smyth, Canada; T. F. Williams, Petaluma;
C. H. Hayward. - Los - Angeles :' R. Carney,
Berkeley; George Cullis, Forest City: W. T.
Harper. Palo Alto; Rev. Mr. Spencer, San
Jose; Mrs. Archibald, Joseph Laird, Mrs. Ed
Griffin, Sacramento: F. Rowe, W. Kell, H.
Griggs, Montana; E. W. McClinch, James
Gawille. II. W. Hutingson. San Francisco;
Dr. Merritt, G. Rey/iolds. Sacramento: R.
Meyers, San Francisco; R. E. Burke, Santa
Rosa; R. Lyons, Earl Owens, San Francisco;
Harry Irvine. Philip Perry, Pacific Grove; Miss
Emma Bennett, Miss Vina McRound, .Alfred
tiownie. Carrie Campbell. San Francisco; David
Frold, Laura Van Allen, Santa Clara; Louisa
Barker, Fred Rowe. Berkeley; Ora Whited.
Willis Norman, San Francisco; Major Thomas,
San Diego.
Last week an enjoyable luncheon was given
at the Beauty Springs in honor of Mrs. Paul
Ridley. Anson Peterson of Phelplls & Adams
is sojourning at the springs for a week.
"GILROY HOT: £PRINGSj-The late arrivals
at Gllroy Hot Springs Include: From San
Francisco — R. D. Burness, Mrs. R. D. Burness,
Thomais F. Chatfield. Captain J. C Eschen.
Mrs. J. C. Eschen, L. H. Anderson, R. R.
Strange, A. B. Shanty, wife and maid, Profes- (
gor \Vi?man, Z. W. Uurham, Celia Cooney and
maid, William H. Weismari and wife. Colonel
W. J. Beatty, Joseph J. McCafferty, Anscn S.
Peterson, Miss M. Clark. Miss Carion Bur
ness, George A. Schilling, F. \V. Mlnehan, C.
Koivan. C. A. Martin, B. M. Peterson. Mrs. M.
Keefe. M. F. Elliot, H. H. '.Osman, Miss
Adams, Fred Warden. B. A. Bawldin, T. Por
ter. J. S. Mills. L. W. Walters. Mrs. Leman.
Miss E. Esmond, Miss F. Cutter, F. R. Ashe.
Mre. D. Bryant. ' Miss Maude E. Howes, F.
Gettlins. T. M. Greene. Mrs. M. Seely. Miss
Sophia Whitmere. A. M. Gregory. C. M. Cam
eron. Miss E. M. Hollings. : From San Jose —
A. T. Hermann, Therese E. Straus, Barney
Taylor. E. H. Adams, A. w. Hastings, A. M.
Geoffroy. From Gilroy— James Kannely Jr.,
Marie Clark. Edith E. Patten. W. C- White,
George Kannely. Miss Nellie Kannely. Leland
du Rose, Mathew Kannely, Clinton Bennett,
Mr. and Mrs. J.- Kannely, Eugene Houser. W.
C Bennett. Dr. and Mrs. J. Clark. From
Oakland— Robbie Steur, George Barrett. From
Pacific Grove — j: A. Hasbrouch, Charles Cocoa.
From Xew York— H. C. Burnstine and wife, W.
E. Xotman and wife. From Boston — A. W.
Keedham, A. Michalis. From Chlco— Mrs. E.^
Wilson, E. M. . Brampton. From Glenbrook—
Mrs. S. L. Keely and child. •
At the Resorts.
DRILLERS MEET A NEW CONDITION
y ; —^Ji.ERE : are . mjsfl i'l of . aur best
people . spending the season,
/I \ abroad and who probably will
(V I remain on -the. Continent until
\^— 1-^ 'the leaves .;riot ; only have
ttrr.ed liut fallen.
Majcr and Mrs. Darling: and
I«I!ss Hastings are in. Lucerne and will-re4
mala there" throughout the season. At
last accounts Mrs. Leland Stanford wai
also In Lucerne Sojourning at Marieni
had are Mr. and Mrs.' Ernest La Jlon
tagne- (formerly Miss Catherwood) and
Mr. and Mrs. T. Hopkins. Mr.- 'Woolwortli
and Miss Woolwortli are also in Lucerne.
The following were among the Califor
- mans sailing on the" Hamburg-American
line express steamship Furst Bismarcki
August 1, for Europe: Mr. and Mrs. M,
H. de Your.g and maid, Charles de Young,
Mr. and Mrs. Hflmar Stephany and maidi
Hijmar Sjephany J Jr., . Miss Lillian
'Stephany, Miss' Stephanyj
Bishop . Hamilton. Mrs.- -Hamilton, Dr."
Gordon B. Hamilton, Miss Emilie Lamm;
Nicholas Hanson. Jesse Hanson. Mr. and
Mrs. S. Jacobsen, Mrs. H. Peterson. Masr
ter Robert Peterson, Victor Laivo. . i
On the Hamburg-Americao line steam-,
ship Columbia, sail irg July 25 from New
York, were: Mr. and Mrs. C. Franzen, P.
Schumann. .C. Schumann, P. Meyland,
Charles EjrlSt.
On the Hamburg-American line steam
enip Columbia, sailing July 25 from New
New York, were: Miss C. M. Davies. Miss
\\ . Glindemann, C. M. Jensen, Claus
; Ciiese. John Plooc.
Dr. Dudley. Tait has returned from Ills
¦ European trip.
- Miss Florence Cornell,. a niece of Mrs."
A. Baker of the Hotel Pleasanton. left
last week for an extended stay In New
lork and vicinity. She was a-companied
by her uncle. William A, Brcikaw. and his
daughter, who are returning to their homo
In is'ew Jersey after a short visit in Cali
fornia.
. Mr. and Mrs. William Keith and Charles
» F. O Callaghan, V-ho have been spending
the month of July in Yosemite and the
nigh Sierras, returned to town yesterday.
Mrs. Alfred Cohen has returned from
Ross v alley and will be at home the first
Tuesday of each month at HIS O'Farrell
street. • ,
Eugene Flanders. Henry Lester. E.
Smith. Arthur Corder. Samuel Beggs and
Bernard Sparks, well known members of
the California Yacht Club and Ariel Row
ing Club, left Saturday for -a two weeks'
cruise on board the launch Alert.
Miss L.. F. Brady of Rosemont, Napa.
accompanied by Mrs. C. H. Rippon and
daughter of Sacramento, are visiting Mrs.
J. AV. Lee at her new residence, corner
of Washington and Baker streets.
Henry F. Pernau is spending his vaca
tion at Lake Tahoe.
A farewell party was tendered to Harry
Ruben by the Misses Hulda and Elsie
Kohler at their home, ColVi Folsom street
last Sunday evening, July 2S. An excel
lent vocal programme was rendered by
the Misses Liddy, Lily Nusbaum and Hul
da Kohler. Among those present were:
Misses Dora and Louisa Moller, Miss E.
Sparber. Miss L. Taber, Miss L. Nolte
meir. Mr. and Mrs. H. Kohler. Mr. and
Mrs. H. Wolf, H. Block. T. Ward F
Noltemeir, G. Alexander. Mr. Duham' A.
Kohler, R. Kohler, W. Kohler, W. Zan
der, E. Remenschneider, A. Schoenfeld
and Thomas Manning.
A farewell reception was given last Fri
day evening. August 2,' by the Clover So
cial Club to one of its charter members,
Walter Rusch, prior to his departure for
Chicago, his former residence. As a
token of the jeteem in which he was held
the club presented him a handsomely en
¦graved matchcase. ¦ Among those present
were: Miss F. Munk, Miss C. Munk, Miss
T. Plagemann. Miss H. Jukil, Mr. and
Mrs". J. C. Plagemann, W. J. Plagemann,
D. Plagemann. G. E. Lamont. Joe Leh
man, W. Rusch, Al Henry, O. Jensen and
F. Schintler.
A very pleasant surprise party was
Riven to Charles McLagan at his home.
36SS Eighteenth street, Friday evening, Aug
ust 2. Those present were: ElsaFlach.Ray
Valerga. Irma Kerth, Albert Saxon. Lizzie
Printies, Charles McLagan, Rosalie An
drews, George Nowlan, Maggie Flynn,
Maggie Prentiss, John. F-lynn, Gertie Sax
on. Mamie O'Connor, Joe Flynn, George
'Saxon, Carrie Schaumleffel, Willie Flynn,
Gertrude Barry, Harold May. Agnes Bar
ry, Gussie May, Oliver Johnson and Wal
-ter Kerth. ( ...
One of the most charming events of the
week was the reception given to Mr. and
Mrs. Matthew Donoho. who recently re
turned from Iowa, by Mr. and Mrs. Peter
Conaty _at their residence, 2S27 Howard
street. «i Sunday evening. July 2S. The
evening was pleasantly spent in vocal and
instrumental music and dancing.- The
piano solos of Cassie Deering and
the vocal solos of Miss Eva Bolger were
particularly pleasing. Among those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. Peter Conaty.
Mr. and Mrs. Matthew Donoho. Mr. and
Mrs. H. Sandrock. Mr. and Mrs. T. Bol
.ger. Mr. and Mrs. T. Kerrigan, Mr. and
Mr?. J. P. Oakhin. Miss Annie Deering.
Miss Cassie Deering. Miss Eva Bolger..
Miss Lizzie Reilly. Miss Warnock, Miss
Maggie Curren. H. McCabe. T. Smith, L.
Tully, M. Smith and John Donoho.
. The regular monthly meeting of the Na
tive Sons of Vermont was held on Friday
evening at Odd Fellows' Hall. The fol
lowing excellent programme was rendered:
Overture. Dellepiane's- orchestra: song.
"The Holy City." Master' Allan. Larkins,
the little 6-year-old tenor: : cornet solo,
'•Sea Flower Poika." Miss Hazel Bone;
soprano solo, rdected; Miss Maud Wil
liams of the Tlvoli Opera Company: reci
tation, "Saunders McGlashan's Court
sliip.V Mrs. Rule IVMeeke. dialect artist
and ventriloquist; Spanish song, "lia Palo
ma," Miss Mae RoJJerson, with "guitar ac
companiment; "That Rascal' Pat." a com
edy in one act. presented- by the Entre
Nous Comedy Club. After the entertain
.^nent dancing was in order.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Clara A. Weil, oaughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Leopold Weil of 103 West Ssventyi-seventh
Htrcet,- New. York City, to Adolph Zucker-
man of this city. The wedding. will take
place during the month of October In New
York City.
Mrs. P. J. Healey has sent out invita
tions fcr the marriage of ner daughter
Katherir.e to Michael' J. -Melvin on Thurs
day evening.-. August S. at 9 o'clock, at .St.
Patrick's Church.
•Mr. and Mrs. Louis Levin wish to an
nounce the confirmation of their son Har
old. At home Sunday, August 11. from 2
jj. m. till 5 p. m.. at their residence, 508
Hyde street.
CAMP MEEKER— The following guests reg
istered at%Camp Meeker last week: From San
Francisco— Air. and Mrs. Fremont Wood. El
mer F. Laremer. Miss Grace Berry, .Miss Llla
i HOTEL METROPOLE— Among -the late ar
rivals at Hotel Metropole. Ardon, are: From
San Francisco— WilHam Wilson, Mrs.' L. .Wil
i»on C. A. Morris. T. C. Arnold and wife. Mrs.
E. Stauf. Miss Ida Stauf. Frank Zak. H. A.
Friedman, -L. S.- Lyon, Mr. and • Mrs. Charles
H. Shields, E. Jeterson, Mrs. M. A. Bostwick,
Mrs. F.- L. Talcott, Miss Ethel Shorb, W. P.
Morgan. Mrs. E. Merrltt and daughter, E. B.
Lorrison, George W, Lane. Dr. and Mrs. M. H.
Woolsey, T. -woolsey: Oakland— Mr. and Mrs.
J. 'Benson Wrenn; Berkeley— Berry Dallerup,
W. A. Woods; , San Jose — Mrs. William Oster
man and son. Miss Alary Crosson, Mrs. George
F. William, Miss Carrie Williams, Miss Ger
trude Williams, Miss C. M. Farley.
MAftk WEST SPRINGS— The arrivals at
Alark West Spring* during the past week In
clude: Miss C. McLeod, Mrs. J. S. Stewart, H.
H Plummer, Mrs. H. H. Plummer, Miss F.
Lorigan, John T. Simmons, H. ! Zlmmermann,
George Mulligan, Walter J. Mulligan, L.
Strauss Jacob Lerni, H. D. Lansing, A. T.
Schleicher, Ed Fisher, Miss M. A. Cralg.r Mrs.
J T Simmons, John Piver. Miss Mai Rade
maker, Miss G. Tuttle, , Joseph T. O'Connor,
Frank K*. Sawyer. Mrs. L. Harrison, Sacra
mento: P. H. Eigholz and wife, - B. Schwartz,
Mrs. iB. 'Schwartz.' Miss Carrie Schwartz, Mrs.
A J Gerdau,' Miss J. Burnham, Tom Slnan,
Oakland; M. Carroll, Oakland; Miss K. TolanJ,
Vallejo: Miss K. Carroll, OakJand; Eva Con
way Miss K. Lynch, Miss N. Flynn, R. Galle
gos Jr., M. T. Davis, Robert Williams,' T. Sut
tle. Miss Phoebe Reed, Miss L. J. Wright, John
Winters, Ralph Hurd. Howard Perkins, Mrs. T.
Brady- and Mrs. L. Walsh, New -York; -August
Hihes, Al J. Keller.:
CAPITOLA— Recenr arrivals at Capitola in
clude: From San Francisco — Mrs. Johanna
Marks, Alles Carrie Rosenberg', C. D. Herbert
and wife, F. C. Bethell. S. P. - Rolowsky, W.
H. Wright, J. Everett Sharp, F. C. Bethell and
iwife, Mrs. M. Lynch, Miss Agnes Lyneh. D.
L. Nelson, Walter N. LInforth. From Oakland
— Mrs. George Ismon, Mrs. S. L. Everett, Miss
Marjorie W. Everett, Miss Margaret Knox;
'Mrs. John Livingston, Miss Grace Livingston,
Ernest Livingston, S. L. Everett, Eva J.
Magnes, Bess Magnes, C. T. Rodgers, Charles
K. Small. Mrs. C. K. Small, Mrs. G. Selby.
May E. Selby, George W. Sweeney, wife and
daughter. Miss Mildred Ismon, G. Harry Ismon,
Mrs. F. R. Noyes. From San Jose— J. Gull
tenan. Boyd L. Moore. E. B. Wastee, Thomas
McNally, Dr. J. McMahon, Mrs. M. A. Car
roll. Miss Mary Carroll, George P. Carroll,
F. -E. Bourgulgnon. Otto Keller, R. E. Connolly,
J. Withycombe. E. W. Carey. E. P. Conkllng.
Fred Burgess, Will C. Carlon and wife, John
A. J»-tlnovich.> From Sacramento — Mrs. K. L.
Douglass, W. W, Douglass, P. Schehl and
wife. From Watsonville— R, W. Mann, , Stella
Kelle'y, J- E. Whalen. Anna Kelley, Adam
Martin. Gertrude O'Connor. From Stockton—
J. C. Gerlach. and wife. Miss Josie Witman,
Myrle<5erlach. A. Samuel. From Santa Cruz—
J R. Ryland and wife, Fred W. Swanton.
John G." Tanner, Fred O. HITin. Louis Ploda.
VICHY SPRINGS— Registered at Vichy
prings axe: Fred W. Burges, Dr. E. F. Schlott
and wife A, A. McLean, James L. Coegrave,
Mr. and Mrs. Gavin MCN'ab, Mrs. B. Nathan,
Miss Belle Nathan, Mr. and Mrs. ¦ C. P. Over
ton, Alex Greggains, George Gardner, Charles
Thurston, Paul Rehflsh, George Israelsky, Miss
Tillie Israelsky. Mrs F.I F. Stone, Harry E.
Warren, Ray A. Whedden. J, F. Cutshall, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Simons, L. H.,Bone£tell, M. Con
ners, George L. Reynolds and sisters,- John
Bowen, Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Jansen and son,
Mrs. James Flanagan and child. Wade H.
Foulkes, - Mrs. Wade Foulkes. A. N. Stoll, E.
T. Cooley. Mr. and Mrs. George Sweltzer, Miss
Carrie Rajo, Theodore S. Lawlor, L. Cerf.
Leon Levy and wife, Mrs. C. Hatfleld, Mrs.
Arthur C. Hatfield, Miss Estelle J. McAllister.
B. R. Jones, L. Johnston. B. At Morris, Frank
H. Kerrigan. San Francisco; Dr. D. D. Crow
ley, Mrs. D. D. Crowley, Basil Robert Crow
ley and nurse, Oakland; Ashley Saul, Lewis
Pierce, Suisun; G. W. Waggoner, Redlands;
Miss F. H. Dunne, Miss May Conley, Miss C.
Cesante, Highland Springs; J. L. F. Long.
Largo; L. Hart, Miss Estelle • Hart, Mist
Natalie Hart, San Jose; W. S. Gill, A. E.
Casey. Santa Rosa: F. B. Westcott, St. Louis;
H; Nathan,. Grass Valley: E. Nathan. Chehalis,
Wash.; Mies Rita Levis, Vlsalia; Dr. F. G.
Thompson, W. J. Flynn, St. Joseph, AIo.; I.
Heaydon and family, San Rafael.- . / . A
. THE GEYSERS— Among the guests reglster
-ed at The Geysers are: K. L. Finck", G.
Blodes, Miss SS. Devening, S. Devenlng, i M,iss
Harvey, Miss Enguish, William Hadley. Joe
Schnigman, Frank Taylor, Harry Corbttt, W.
Kid Lewis, Miss . Edith M. Pooley, W. L.
.Squire, S. H. Bonestell, Mrs. Cornell and
daughter, Mrs. A. Hoffman, H. A. Davis.^Misa
C. 1-esante, Miss F. H. Dunne, G.Frazer, Mrs.
IK. Cellun, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Artigues, Mr.
and Mrs. M. Andrihon, Mr. and Mrs. a. Lacaze,
Miss Carrie Bayle, Master F. Artigues, John
C Lynch, James H. O'Brien, Al Murphy.' John
Mackenzie, J. T. Burke. W.'H. Hammond, A.
G. Baldocchi, A. Voik. A. G. Fisk, Edwin Sto
ver, Miss M. A. Brady, Miss M.-Berger, A. M.
Speck, Philip Bolger, San Francisco; Mrs. J.
H. Martin.. Mrs. Thomas F. Donnely, ,T. F.
Joyce, Eugene Hanson, Miss Edith E. Irvln,
Edwin Bonite, Mr. and Mrs. Yoigelchammel,
Mrs. -A. Kiherni, Miss Ida Malduirl, Mrs. L.
Button, H. Torwies, Mr. , and Mrs. W, Hay,
Oakland; W. R. Nobman, -Alameda; Miss
Kussell, San Jose; Miss Alice Russell, San
Jose; Mrs. . Florence McCormick and daughter.
Miss Nellie Keenan. Mr. and Mrs. H. \V; Tay
lor, Mrs. Captain Trabise, Miss " R. Taylor,
Berkeley; G. Palmer, New York; Mrs. w. W.
Garrison, Miss \V. Garrison, Miss Ada. Garri
son, Sam Garrison, Miss Ada Watson, John
Hullgner, Geyserville; Miss Lulu Gaston, Peta
luma; Miss Irene Harvey, Miss J. H. Diamond.
J. B. Lamont, R. A. Brownlle, Vallejo; Mr.
and Mrs. George Rivers. Miss Rosebud Rivers,
Miss Charlotte Ellis. St. Helena; Mr. and Mrs.
C. M. Johnson, Boston, Mass.; Mrs. W. C.
Powers and son, Standford Mine; Frank Boor
les, Hackensack, N. J.; Mrs. Henry Evendle,
Portland Or.; Mr. and Mrs. Harding. Belve
dere; Irene B. Miller, Santa Rosa; Elsie B.
Howard, Whitman, Mass.
William A.* Malra of ..New York, who. has
been here since June 15. returned to San Fran
cisco Monday In company with Mrs. Eugene
Moffatt and daughters. Miss Moffatt and Miss
Clara- Moffatt.
Mrs. S. -B. Averell and daughters returned to
the city Wednesday, after three weeks. here. •
M. Herzosr, a wealthy resident of San Ra-,
fael, accompanied by his son-in-law, H. M..
I^ichtenstein. and wife, and Miss Leona Her
zog, are here for several weeks' stay. They,
accompanied by A. Neuman, spent the morn
ing on Tuesday at Kelsey Mills fishing, bring
ing.- home some' very fine trout. . . / -
¦ A. H. Vail of the well-known firm of San
born & Vail, accompanied by Mrs. Vail and
their son Stanley, returned home a few' days
ag-o. after a week's visit at Highlands.
: Mrs. E. M. Downer of Pinole, accompanied
by Miss T. Bouquet, is here for a few weeks.
Mrs. Thomas F. Foley and mother. Mre. A.
Murphy, of New York City, have taken rooms
for an "visit.
LAUREL DELL HOTEL— Registered at Lau
rel Dell during the past week were: Emil
Johnson, J. J. Burton, J. G. Loupe. R. R.
Chosley, N. T. Andress, J. W. Eversole and
wife, Edward Eversole, Mrs. J. E. Cannon. H.
W. Cole, F. H. Kerrigan. Dr.. W. J.. Smyth,
Mrs. W, J. Smyth, G. . Hammersmith and wife,
G. M. 'Ward. John Cox, James du Bois, R. E.
Behlow, D. E. -Behlow. George Israelsky. Miss
Tillle Israelsky, R. E. Krause, H. Buntrod,
Samuel Boyo, L. Ewlng, Major J. B. Rodman,
R. H. Rodman, Miss F. Thurstenthal, Miss P.
Theiben, Mrs. Charles Smeade, Lajigdon
Smeade, George Toye, Mrs. Emma Toye,
Miss M. Frances Toye. T. D. P. Teller, C. H.
Smith, W. Hargrave, Mr. Nelson, Mrs. Nelson,
Mrs. Zahn and baby. Miss Zahn, Mr. and Mxs.
Brlsco, Mr. Hemnanway. Miss Philipps, Miss
Lyman, Mr. and Mrs. - Dean. .'
CAMP CURRY— Arrivals at Camp Curry,
Yosemite, during the pas£ week include Mrs.
B. W. Johnson, Portland, Me.; Robert Mc-
Clatchey and wife and daughter, Philadelphia,
Pa. ; William Balnaves, San Francisco; Miss
Margaret Webb, Berkeley; Miss Helen C. Llllls,
San Francisco; Miss Bertha Knox, Wales L.
Palmer, Oakland: Professor L. J. Richardson,
Berkeley; Miss Lena M. Redington, Oakland;
John'Chetwood, Dr. John C Spencer and wife,
Mrs. Ella Sexton, Mrs. C. J. Durbrow, San
Francisco; Miss Susanna Cory, Miss H. Cory,
San Jose; Miss Elizabeth Austin, Mrs. W.,H.
Sherrard. I. O. Mandeville, Dr. C, E. Mogg
and wife, Wilkesbarre, Pa.; Rev. and Mrs.
A.-F. Chaffee, Mrs. A. M. Chaffee, Carbondale,
Pa.; Ernest D. Rineheimer, Wilkesbarre,. Pa.;
Miss Mary Machcll. Dallas. Pa. : Miss H. L.
Patterson, Wilkesbarre, Pa.; George E. Hunts
burger, Los Angeles; I. M. Huntsburger, To
ledo, Ohio; C. E. Smith, Ablngdon, Pa.; Rev.
W. C. Evans and wife, Stockton; Mrs. J. W.
Evans, Steubenville. Ohio; Miss Lucile-E.
Turner, Columbus, Ohio; W.'G. Lloyd, Phil
adelphia, Pa. ; C. M. Olmstead, . Guilford, N.
Y.; Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Hymer, Master Ray
Hymer, Deadwood, S. D. ; Will H. Spauldlng,
Elmer B. Harris, Oakland; Dr. and Mrs. W.
A. Clark. Haywards; Miss Lutie Bond. Mem
phis, Tenn. : Miss Frances L. Pfouts, Wilkes
barre, Pa.; Miss Ada B. Hillir.an, Minneapolis,
Minn'.; 'Miss Daisy L. Marcy, Ashley, Pa.; Dr.
W. \\;. Pinson. Maeon, Ga. ; Rev. John F.
Foster. New Orleans, La. ;• Miss Jessie Bussey,
Miss Florence Whitworth, Jeanette, La.; Mrs.
G. W. Johnson, Shreveport, La.;. James Jones,
Yates, Pa.; Theodore H. Hittell, Miss Kather
ine H. Hittell, San Francisco; Alvin Powell,
Oakland: Miss Henrietta L. Smith, Vallejo;
Miss Edith M. Allen, Oakland', Miss Grace G.
Isaacs, Miss Josephine Colby, Walla Walla,
Wash.; Henry Wundt, Davenport, la. : R. A.
Blum, Coulterville. Cal.: Harry J. Myers, Ash
land, Pa. : Miss M. A. Myers, Ashlana, Pa.;
Mr. and Mrs. F. D. Barksdale, Richmond, Va. ;
Charles Appeldorn, " N. Y.; Lon J. Pilgrim,
Ernest Greengo, Wanwatosa. Wls.; F. R.
Cooke, Memphis. Mo.; Miss Mary A. Cooke,
Sigourney, la.; Charles Cooke, Memphis, Mo.;
Mr. and Mrs. J.-. H. O'Brien, Mrs. Amanda
Toresl Burns, San Francisco; Mrs. M. A.
Burns, New York; Mr. and Mrs. I. R. Burns,
Honolulu: Mrs. J. M. Whitney. Berkeley; W.
J. Bowden, Emmetsburg, la. ; A. S. Jones, R.
W. Sullivan, Sacramento; . C. . E. Henrick,
Frankfort, Germany; Mr. -and Mrs. F-.-.Kersten,
Columbus, Ga_; Mrs. E. J.- Campbell,'"- Youngs
tewn, Ohio; Mrs. H. L. Taft, Braceville, Ohio;
W. H. Tanner, Redlands, Cal.; Miss Mary
Curry, Miss Marjorie Curry, Palo Alto; Mag
gie Sekanwaker, Miss Jennie Bloor, Mansfield,
Ohio; Mrs. ' J. H. -Slmonson, Master Stan
ley L. - Simonson, Miss ; Mildred I Stod
dard. Miss Min«tte Stoddard, Merced,' Cal.:
Miss Myrta Appelbee, Canton, III.; Miss Anna
L. ¦¦¦• Sorgenfrey, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
B. Grant Taylor, San Jose: Miss, Alice Ed
wards Pratt, San Diego; Miss Annetta But
ler, Santa Barbara: Miss Elizabeth Euphrosene,
Chicago; E. T. Parsons, San Francisco; Dr.
Vida Redington, Oakland;- Alexander G. Eels,
Miss Mary Warren Denman. San Francisco;
Miss Milnora de Beeben Roberts. Mllnor Rob
erts. Stanford; Miss Anna H. Martin. Reno,
New; Miss Carrie A. Goodhue, Oakland; Lyle
Ghirardelll, Ran Francisco; Miss Elizabeth
Rothermel, University of California; Mrs. T.
C. White, Rochester. N. T. : Miss Lydia Atter
bury, Berkeley; Miss Dollie Chapman. Ala
meda: Bernard P. Miller, Oakland; Clay P.
Goodinpr. San Francisco; Sergeant. Parker.
Troop H, Fifteenth Cavalry; Charles Stanford,
Troop H, Fifteenth Cavalry, Wawona: H. D.
Hutt. San Francisco: Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Eng
land, Little Rock. Ark.; W. Kilion Dwyer, San
Francisco; Mrs. Kay. Mrs. Horan, Fresno; Mr.
and Mrs. George Meyer, Big Meadows; Mr.
and Mrs. William Keith. C. F. O'Callaghan,
San Francisco; M. G. Egloff, Cedar Falls. la.;
W. J. Egjoff, Maron City, la. ; Hi L. Brush.
A- M. Fratls, San Luis Oblspo.
Berry, Mrs. David Paul, Mrs. Agnes WlgnajV
Mrs. A. P.- Flagler. Miss Flagler. Miss F.
Gertrude ' Brawn, Miss Enilly Brown, Miss
Sadie Brown, George M. Bernhatd. F.E.* Hills,
D. Lane, Mr«. Searle, Mr. and Mrs. W. B.
Joslyn, Mi«3 • M.' Lynch, Anna T.- Mclnerny,'
Anna Petersen, J. . W. McDermott, Miss Anna
McDennott; Miss Emyle Murphy. Mrs. J. R.
.Bielby, Mrs A. C. BIeib"y, Miss. Carrie Bleiby.
Mrs. Mary George, Mrs. C. Nauman, Mrs. Eu
gene Forster and family. Miss Lulu Bert, 1 Miss
Emma Bahrenberg, W. L. Proctor, .Josephine
L. Hof mann.-^Paul Bertrand, George Hansen.
Miss. Hattie Freid, Miss Mae Kohane. Miss E.
La Coste, Miss Cora Bassette, William White,
Mrs. E. Wade Hitchints, Miss M. -McVicker.
E&trella Freid, Grace Sanders. Mabel Dixon.
Eugene Dodge, A. Lightbody, M. Lobban and
Wife. Miss Ethel Baker, -Miss Adelaide Wie-.
ner, Walter Schailer, W. M. Lynch, M. Lynch.
Robert B. Vail, E. L. -Howell. George J. Fetzer
and wife, D. Doxie. Charles H. . Ehlert and
wife, Howard St. Clair. Stanley Thompson.
C. Branagan, A. J. Branagan, Hattie B. Lans
Ing, Clarence Murphy, . Lee Jacobs and family
Myrtle iA. McDermott. Mrs. H. " U. Ribbet.
Miss . Edythe Marion. M. .Belle - Marion, Mrs.'
J. Mills, Miss Hazel Dodge, Mrs. Jenkins.
Alice Weeks, C. H. Hammerllnd,; S. D. Pack
scher and wife, William E. "Worth," Amy-E.
Kaizer, Miss Emily Curtlss, Mrs. • N. E. West,
Miss E. M. West, H. C. Rowley, .Arthur W.
Jespcrsen, Roland Jacobs and family. J.
Treadwell and wife, Agatha Surryhne, Beth
Brosnan, A. L. Seigle, CM. Slome and wife,
Mrs. C. • Kallmann. - From ' Arkansas— Mrs. , J.
M. Wocd. Miss J. Wood, Miss Maggie Wood.
From San DieEO— Miss Ethel Hynes. From
Fresno — F. • M. ' Boyd. From Massachusetts —
Miss -Elsie G. Howard. From Berkeley— Edna
A. Noach. From Alameda— Mrs. W. P. Hund
ley, Mits E: L." • Reynolds, Miss A.. Alhearn,
Mrs. ; L. M. Foltz, • Miss Louise Foltz, Miss
Rena Foltz. Walter Foltz, Mrs.' S. J. Loop,
Mr. and Mrs. J. • K. Hamilton, ' Miss Ruth
Hamilton; Alfred Lovegrove, Jay Mastlck,
Miss B. K. Drlght. From Elmhurst— Mr. and
Mrs. S. T. Chapln. From Petaluma— Miss Ber
tha Kahn. From Tomales— Miss Carrie Gal
lagher, Mrs. F. W. Holland. From Oakland—
K. S. Perry, Raymond Perry, Harry D. Dan
forth and wife. Miss L. E. Merfew, Miss F.
M. ' Champion, Mrs. | F. Champion, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Lanyon, Mr. and Mrs. J. .Helmke,
Mrs. K. S. Perry, Minnie K. Henderson. Mrs.
Ada Trefethen, Miss A..M. Trefethen, W. R.
Ransom, G. S. Brambart, S. Ransom. ' From
Vallejo— Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Bisslajid, Miss
Bissland. f"rom Sausalito— Miss R. . Pirrier,
Miss Cailey. From San * Rafael — Charles
Kempft. Mr. and Mrs. Peterson, Miss Anna
Peterson. ¦ ' , . . • • :
KLAMATH SPRINGS— Among the late ar
rivals at Klamath Springs are: . J. M. Johnson
and daughter, Mrs. H. L. Llchner. C. B. Tom
son, wife and child, W. J.. Schurg and wife,
Louis Lipman i and wife, R. L. Walsh' and
wife.. Miss McColl. A. G. Stoll. H. A. Eames.
J. L. Hitchcock. San Francisco; E. 'M. Trap
well. Keswick; T. ¦- "W. Stephens. Ashland.
Ohio; Samuel Mills, Harlan, Ind. ; Cyrus Land,
f-:tna; Walter D. Sharp, C. S. Andrews, tx
rivlsky, Portland, Or.; A. F. Tonnegson, E.
\I. Brittaln and wife. Mrs. A: J. Neilon, Mrs.
it. E. .' L. Steiner and two children, ¦ W. T.
3oyd, Lakevicw, Or.; J. Churchill and wife.
Miss E. A. Churchill, Yreka; James R. Rus
sell, Oneida, -Neb.; A. P. Barrie. St. Loui3:
H. S.Hall, San Jose; Charles Maple. Klamath
Falls; Alma Meyers, Marquette, Kan.; Ben
jamin Shenkle,' R. : M. Richardson. Sacramento.
Dr. C. K. • Small, Miss Grace .Telfer. J. W.
Dickinson. From Laurel— Mrs. Leigh,- Miss
Creighton, Mrs. Hunt. From Gilroy— F. P.
Fitzgerald. J.. G. UcAlplne. wife • and son.
From 'Woodland — Mrs. .M. Michael." Davy Mi
chael. From I . Constantinople, • Turkey— Annie
Shahaddy, Fr,om Menlo Park— A. C Bassett.
From Columbus,. Ohio— S. H. Long and -wife.
From Pasadena — A. C. Rogers. From Spokane
— A. Maria Gookstetter. From Arcadia — T. I*
Bell and wife, C. F. Webber, wife and daugh
ter, Mrs. G. H. Ismon.
SUMMER OUTING OF SOCIETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;iDALLij SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1»O1.
26
HIGHLAND SPRINGS 3 hiurs^g 8 :
Ing. Numerous Mineral Springs of great vir-
tue. Finest Hotel Accommodations north or
San Frandaco. Hot and Cold Mineral Baths.
Competent Masseurs.- Bowling Alley. Tennis
Courts. Swimmin* Tanks, Croquet. Shuffle-
boaid. Fine Roads and Trails. Rldins and
Driving Horses. Best Deer Huntlnje In Lak*
Count*. Competent Guides. Good Hunting Ani-
mals. THE FALL AND WINTER RATES
WILL BE IN FORCE AUGUST 1st. IN-
STEAD OF SEPT. 1st, as formerly. Rooms in
Small Hotel, $10 per week. Rooms in Cottages.
$12 per week f of one In room. $20 for two In
room. Rooms in Main Hotel. $12 .and
$14 for one person. $20 and $24 for
two in room. Call on L. D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery St.; The -Traveler Of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St.. or MRS. KATE J.
WILLATS. room 64. Flood bldg.. San Fran-
cisco, or write direct to CRAIG & WARNER.
Highland Springs. Cal. -
Delightful Surrounding and WTTTFR
Excellent Accommodations at Tf 1 1 ILR.
MEDICAL SPRINGS
¦ LAKE COUNTY, CALT
Certain cure for Stomach. Liver. .Kidney.
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured. - _ .,
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Uklah.
RODNET McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address.
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY.
Upper Lake P. O.. Lake County.- Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. .Staging
2V. hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day.
arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 P- rn. Send for
Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE. Gen.
Agent. 630 Market st., opposite Palace Hotel.
S. F.; tel. Black 3571.. ' ¦ ¦
Af/il/mn HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
V AT IM /*/»«V Co -: onl y *** hours from
OA/lVVU San Francisco; but 9 mlles
staging: waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State:
good trout streams: telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages;- round
trip 'from S. F. only $5 60. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs. Cal. -
WILBUR HOT 8ULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal., 28 miles by
stage west- of Williams, - fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 14S
deg. Cures rheumatism, drop«y. salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including baths. J10 a week. WM. OELGEART,
proprietor.
fyronffoyprntfy
j£&r Three trains daily; 2^ hours' ride. A.
Bettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs.. Cal.
Lombard & Co., 36 Geary st., City.
. KLAMATH- HOT SPRINGS.
' Finest fishirvc. hunting and health resort on
the "coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $? and $2 60 per day: $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st., or
address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Slsklyou
County, Cal. - .
GILROY HOT SPRINGS,"
Trains leave 3d and Townsend 9 a. m. and 2:43
p. m.- dally. For pamphlets address It. ROB-
ERTSON. Prop. -
BEN LOMOND.
• Park House In the Santa Cruz Mountains: B
minutes from station; fine -scenery; fishing,
hunting, fine drives.' free carriage meets all
trains. ¦ , SIRS. I. N. HAYES.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In - the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rare sport
during the deer season. Pack of hounds
swimming and fine table. Address VIC PON-
CELET. Llagas. Cal. , : .
MoeCa
_(The Largest and Oldest Champagne •
, -v; , House in the World.)
¦White Seal (Granda Cuvee), unsurpassed
in quality, dryness and flavor.— New York
Times. '•.-.."¦• ¦ . -
:v WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.,
• Paeiflo.CoMt Ageats, . \ . Sin Fumiseo.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3^4 Hours* Rids From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
; Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.**
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL, METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLCB
always open. Golf and Tean!a Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery St.. San Francisco,
Or BANX1XG CO..
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles. CaL
rpHE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAL.
. ¦¦ . California, on Monterey Bai. -Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel:
FRA>TK REAXIER, supt. camp. CapltoSa. Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest plac«
In all California: lots tmusemrats; fine walk?;
all mineral waters. Rates $10 and $12 per J
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city offle» -A
918 Larkln St.. a F. DRURY & KROEGER.' ¦
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall.
Pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
¦ Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.'. 2*
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansoms St..
of DR. TV. A. McCORNACK. Point Arena, Cal.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Laka Co.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
t% hours* rldo from S. F.;5 miles from V»-
Hejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion, f? to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID, Vallejo. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing;: boats: excellent table: cllmata per-
fect; XS miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMON3.
Truckee. Cal. '
For rest and healtHiM THE SIERRAS
?™! ft -.-" 136 miles fromSaD Fr. No staging *ood
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal fore* ts and grounds JJ.W a week. Send for
booklet Orchard Springs, CoUax, CaL
VICHY SPRINGS. >^.'C
Tho only place In the United States whw« f'
Vichy "Water ia abundant. Thff only natural *
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs'
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.,
Proprietors.
SOLID COMFORT nOME^et vel 2 7 ooo l ?{.
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold baths
Spring water. Kates. $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHTXLER. & SCHEBES. Napa, Cal.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by Terms
tl per day and upward. PETER GGUiLHAK-
DOU. Lessee.
LAUKEL DELL* LAKE.
Most attractive place in Lake County to
spend a vacation. Boatlns. bathing, bowling.
et3. Accommodations now for 250 people
Write for circular. EDGAR DURNAN. Laurel
Dell. Lake Co., Cal.
LAKPPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.-Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port- and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arr've at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 8-horse 14-paa-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passensera for Lakeport or Rartlett
Sprines call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
ctaze Line.
. - MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
PLANTATION HOUSE-Elehteen miles from
Cazadcro. on stage line. Oood trout flshlnff.
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance f^r
parties of 2 or. more; crand redwood scenery-
Address J. Luttringer. Seaview. Sonoma Co., or
apply Mr. Kruae. 20? Front st.. for particulars. x
T HE LAUREL. Los Gatos— First-class family *
a boarding-house: home cooklns: beautiful'
surroundings; 5 minutes' walk to town. Terms.
$S to $10 a week. , Piano. Reference*. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON, Prop*.
FREEl fKEE.1
J™J^^3r3S"?K Is permanently removed l^y DR.
J*TK-^' nd MRS - A - W - TRAVERSE.
r* ( \V.iS?jr&J$ Donohoe building, 1170 Market Ft..
s V7«5wlth the electric needle, without
gy_^5^ '^JSroain or tear. First sitting- free.
Lfe^^tVAi^lHourK, 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
&t£& ¦J'i-Tonft Cream. 50c; Brahman Tooth
Of — taiPowders,— 2Sc. All druggists.
tjarge stock always at J. E. Potts
ADVEBTISEKENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
Branches — Sacramento, . MRS. EADEL15
KRIPP,- Manager: Los Angeles, MRS. A A:
RAMSAY," Manager. •
838 Market St;V San Francisco.'
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
"We guarantee a cure In' every case under-
taken. Women ¦ attendants. - Prompt attention
to mail orders WITH STAMPS.? Regular phy-
sician In attendance. . ' : .
B. B. B. English Caramel Is. indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had twenty years
of., successful -practice in England and on the
Continent' It Is, in fact, the only satisfactory
eradication- of, superfluous I hair known to sci-
ence. "¦¦';- '¦-;,-¦. -..*: y<..t ¦"¦-,]
r Have you dark shadows on your lips, - cheek,
chin or person? If you have, .B. B. B.: English
Caramel is Just what you want. It removes and
cures this unfortunate blemish. After one ap-
plication your face will be as free from hair as
tho, palm of your hand. :. . ; . ¦;-,:- ' ¦
Is Your Face Unwomanly ?
AUVERTISEME2ITS.
BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal.
THE LEADING BUSINESS TRAINING
SCHOOL OF THE WEST.
Prepares Young' Men and Women for Business
; • Careers. v
10 AAA Graduates now successfully ap- 10 AAA
1O,VVV plying their knowledge. 1O»UWU
3,500 Stenographers have been trained 3,500
at Keald's.
1,000 Nearly one thousand pupils en- 1,000
rolled last year.
45O Average dally attendance 450
3OO Nearly ! three hundred gradu- 3OO
ate3 last year. .
274 Positions filled during the year .274
, 250 Additional positions offered last 250
year that could not be filled
for lack of graduates.
6O, Typewriting Machines In the 60
Typing Department.
53 Counties In California represent- 53
-'¦¦¦¦ ed last year.
" ' 4O Heald's Business College is near- 4O
ly forty years old.
2S Teachers employed in the school 2S
' - J 7 States and Territories sent stu- 17
• ¦' J dents to the college last year. x.
¦ . 7 Foreign Countries, were repre- 7
sented In the student body,
last year.
1 3 There are three Banks In the 3
Business Practice Department.
School is open the entire year, DAT and
NIGHT.
WRITE FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE
(FREE).
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets,
• ' SAN FRANCISCO. , " ¦
Courses of Study to fit young men for '«
positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
FOUNDRYMEN. MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
y ENGINEERS.
Open to any graduate of the grammar
schools or equivalent course. ..
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women over 16 years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
With Instruction In
SEWING, COOKERY. DRESSMAKING.
¦ :' MILLINERY. HOME NURSING. • •
INVALID COOKEP.T, ETC.
NORMAL COURSES,
To Prepare Students aa i
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
MANUAL TRAINING.
, NO TUITION, except- a fee of Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakages. .
TERM OPENS JULY 29. 1901. "
Office now open for applications. - Send for
Catalogue. -.,.... .
BARTON CRUIKSHANK. M. S..' President.
ST. GERTRUDR'S ACADEMY FOR
YOUNG LADIRS.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug.
5, 1901. Full' Academic Course of studies.' Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
Grammar and lower classes graded on State
Schools. ' Modern building; steam heated;
lighted by gas; large exercise grounds; loca-
tion unsurpassed for --health. Communication
by : several lines of steamers.
Address .MOTHER SUPERIOR. Rio Vista. Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND . GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic, art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. " Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Fres.. Mills ¦ Collet*
P. P.. Cal. - ' ¦ , ,-
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
'-;¦ ' San Franciieo, Cal..
Boarding School for ' Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr.; also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 1901.
. SARAH/D. , HAMUN. Principal.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL:
1615 Bush otreet.. (West of Franklin)
PRINCIPAL, GEORGE BATES. M. A.
Primary Dep't.. MISS -MARIE McDONNELL.
¦ Is Intended to furnish the - best preparation
for the universities or for, business to a limit-
ed number of pupils. Opens MONDAY, Aug. 8.
For circulars, etc.. address 904 Van Ness ave.
BAN FRANCISCO BUSINE*SS COLLEGE,
; 1236 Market c treet. - ¦
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers: Gregg
shorthand, ..the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. , Day and evening. FULL. COURSE, 160."
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
> . OAKLAND, CAL. :
: Studies will ; be resumed MONDAY, August
6,1901. BRO. ERMINCLD, President.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for ' the university, law and medical ¦ colleges:
references,. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. ¦ Phelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
. SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmas - Term • Will •' Commence August It
Major Geo. C. Collins.' Commandant. :
.;. REV. C. HITCHCOCK." Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE*
,. * . . 7. A THOROUGH SCHOOL.'. -
Progressive. ¦ exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments: ¦ positions for graduates.
' SOS Larkln st. Illustrated catalogue.
R.- 1/.- DURHAM. President
* IRVING INSTITUTE.
I Boarding and day school for girls, 2128 Cali-
fornia st. .Accredited 'to the universities. - Tho
next session will begin Aug. 6. For illustrated
catalogue address the principal. '
¦ REV. EDWARD , B. CHURCH. '. A. , M.
: ; ST. MATTHEWS MILITARY SCHOOL,
BAN, MATEO/ CAL.' .The next term will begin
August 15,- 1901.- For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A." B.. ¦ Rector and Head : Master. ' ._.' --¦-.' '•• • -
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
: ' r 802 Montgomery.; »t..' ' San Francisco, Cal. ' .
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
Official reporters, "best teachers, best system."-
1 .' ' £i\B£r£ ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ ? v
|; Dry Goods -^^^P- Company. !
j 4* j -¦•¦-,"¦¦ • . ¦ ' ••«
4* '•¦ ' T
| ip a I I QTVI FS " ?
J FALL I I L*L**^. j.
I Novelty Tailored Suits |
?' ¦ ., it i , ft I ¦ j. rl
I new velve teen okirts %
4* ¦ . J.
I Taffeta and Peau deSoie Skirts I
I Golf Suits and Skirts | ,
| Stylish Cut Woolen Skirts $
| Style, Quality, Workmanship and Price Unequaled. %
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,*!
(y - • SE. Corner Geary aad StocHoa Streets, Saa Francisco.
it UNION SQUARE. t
X SEND ORDERS BY MAIL OR EXPRESS. 4*
o 1 1 n : : mini ; 1 1 ¦:¦ w-^^-^h^h^h i : i r 1 1 1 ::\ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 : i o
! ,. Medicated '
Complexion Powder
is the purest in the world; no lime, chalk. .
lead or zinc; keeps the skin soft as a j
baby's.' Sample free. «
J. A. Pozzoni. St. Lofiis, Mo.; Mrs. .EmrhaR.iNeldlng.rsupreme vies
president, is lyisitlngv' the : lodges in',, the
northern Dart .' the 1 State. ' Next 1 week
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Court VWashingrton- ¦will celebrate an an
niversary .-by a banquet' on the 29th '-of
Aueust.- . i i"fHf]ftEWWMiMHI li 'i 1 "
• A- new court of the . Foresters of Amer
ica -was instituted July 29 at Antioch, with
a good membership. - ~i":-v ,.
A meeting will be held In this city on the
10th of August ; for the purpose of : estab
lishing a relief board of the order- for. this
city
Foresters of America.
The Institution . of Farragut Circle at
Vallejo on the night of the 27th of July
by. Grand Chief Companion Miss Ticoulet,
assisted by Grand Sub-Chief Mrs. Worms.
Grand Financial Secretary. Miss Bremer
and • Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Emma Agnes Harrington, .was witnessed
by delegations from the following circles
of this ; city : Robin Hood, , Golden i Era.
Inter, Nos. Presidio and New 'Century and
from Queen of the River Circle of Knights
Landing. Mrs. Mary Mahan is the chief
American Companions.
¦ -San Francisco Aerie, which has been In
existence but comparatively a short time,
has / now, 846 members In good standing
and a bank: account a few dollars less
than 59000. It also has , forty applications
ready to: be acted upon. v •
A 1 - set 1 ¦" of :: handsomely 'engrossed and
framed ' resolutions ;. have ? been - presented
to E Wagner, who was .chairman of the
recent ball committee, as a token of ap
preciation of work done. .'.
. Eureka" Aerie, which has been in exist
ence but . four . months, . has already ¦ 1S6
members. _
•Del Cary Smith, the big Eagle of. the or
der. Is visiting aeries in the East and re
ports that all are active and working hard
to push the order, to the front.
Fraternal Eagles.
On -the 14th of/ August: Live OakiLodge
of Oakland; will celebrate the thirty-first
anniversary of- its institution by a ban
quet.'-" ''.-. ¦' ' ¦'.<¦¦¦" ; - '• ..'^^ '.:'¦' ¦ V. '•¦ '
On the 5th 'Inst. 1 , a new. lodge will be in
stituted at Gubserville by H. E.^Hurlburt,*
D.-D.-G.' C. and. on the 13th one- will* be
instituted in Rocklin;: Placer County.
On the ' 31st of July Myrtle Lodge gave
an anniversary . dinner, in a downtown ro
tlsserie, which was for members and the
following • invited guests: Supreme Rep
resentative - George Samuels and Mrs.'
Samuels, Past Supreme Representative T.
J. Crowley and Mrs. Ccowley, Supreme
Representative of -the Rathbone Sisters
Mrs. J. J. C. ' Fitzgerald, > Past Supreme
Representative C. S. Scott and - A. K
Stevens and wife.^W.A.' Richardson was
the host, and he called on, a number for
a few remarks."'- v* ' - '
Supreme Representative A. J. Buckles,
wfo < recently returned from the Supreme
Lodge Bession. visited California Lodge
No. *1 at its. last held. meeting and deliv
ered an address in relation to the endow
ment fund of the. order.
The grand chancellor; and other grand
officers were In Vacaville August 3, where
there was held in the hall of Franklin
Lodge a. Joint -meeting of all the lodges
of the county. ¦¦ .. • • .¦ > -¦
Knights of Pythias.
On the night of July 29, Golden West
Council of the Royal Arcanum had a
pleasant meeting, when F. E. Beadwell,
the popular chief ¦ officer of the Coptic,
was admitted to membership. The work
was by a team of members of the various
local councils, with J. B. Whitney, D. D.
G. Ri, as regent, and T. G. Hodgkins, G.
S.; us guide. The work, performed in a
perfect and. very impressive manner, was
followed by an impromptu programme, in
which Gus Gunzendorf er, . grand regent,
Drs. Longworth and Newman of Argo
naut Council, Past Grand Regent Burk of
Nebraska, . Professor -F. Head, Thomas
Banks, of the L. C. G. C, and the deputy
grand regent took part.
The order In this State' is working to
Increase the membership to 2000. The en
tire membership of the -order ia now 224,
000,. with a reserve of . $1,300,000 as , the re
sult of an experiment started three years
ago. . • ¦¦,<¦ ¦¦. ¦;
Royal Arcanum.
she will extend her visits to Oregon and
Washington. ; t ¦ .
San Francisco .-. Lodge - initiated six
strangers at- its last held meeting and re
ceived fourteen applications to join. This
lodge will give a public entertainment and
dance in its hall in the Native Sons' build
ing on. the 16th of August. - - >.
Golden. West Tent of the Maccabees,
which now numbers 240 members, has sev
enty-five candidates ready for admission
into the tent j and fifteen applications re
ceived at the meeting on the night of the
30th, of July, has adopted the plan, of
having ..initiations on the first and third
Tuesdays of each month. The tent is
making arrangements -. for a grand ball
with possibly a short programme of en
tertainment in the near future'. '
Knights of the Maccabees.
California: Lodge- is moving along, not
making much noise, but adding to ita
membership.
San. Francisco Lodge Is adding to its
membership at almost every session. The
social functions of the lodge are being
well attended to, and the: monthly enter
tainments are always well attended.
The United Moderns have increased to
'such an extent in the past six months
that the number of members-required to
permit of the .institution. of a grand lodge
have been secured. The Supreme Lodge
has issued a call for the Institution of such
a-body in "Los Angeles during the latter
half .of August. Regent E.,W. Jakoba and
T. " G. Hodgkins will represent San Fran
cisco Lodge, and Samuel Charles "Wallls of
California Lodge will represent California
Lodge. All three being membersof other
¦large fraternal organizations, and well up
In fraternal work, are qualified for the
duties that will fall to their lot.
United Moderns. s2
Pioneer Lodge, on the night of the 30th
of July, after receiving one application to
join and the transaction, of routine busi
ness, had a social hour, when there was
presented for the delectation of the mem
bers'and their friends, who were many,'
a short programme of entertainment and
then games, followed by the. hospitality of
the lodge. ;> :
Olive Branch Lodge had 'a "sweetheart
party", in Mission Opera-house , on the
night of the 31st' of July. It wasfattend
ed by the majority of the members and
many of their friends, who spent a most
enjoyable evening. -• - ,'¦¦¦
. The following named have been installed
as the officers . of ¦ Mizpah Lodge of the
Friends of • the Forest by the board of
supreme officers: Mrs. Pries, P. ; Mrs.
Hagan. V. P.; M. Custer. C; W. Schmehl.
T.; Mrs. Miller. K. S.; Mrs. Hess, R. S.;
Mrs. Finney, M.; Mrs Murphy, W.; Mrs.
Slater, S.; Mrs. Gould, O. The ceremony
was followed \py addresses by all the su,-_
preme officers and the new officers,", after'
which refreshments were served.
Lincoln Lodge at its meeting on the 29th
of July had a good attendance and initia
ted'three strangers. This lodge is work
ing now on a new line and proposes to
advance. : . • .
Friends of the Forest.
Alcatraz Parlor of the Native- Sons of
the Golden West and its friends, in all
about 300. had a pleasant anniversary pic
nic at Fairfax July 28. In addition to the
usual festivities on occasions of this kind
there was a baseball match between a
picked team of married and one of j un
married men and C. H. Turner, who was
the rear admiral- of the naval parade last
September, wa3 chosen umpire. As he
knows "more about ships than ho does
about curves, his decisions were decided
ly "raw," so much so that the unmarried
men who saw that he was bound to have
the married men get away with the hon
ors, threw up the bat at the end of the
fourth inning. In explaining his ruling
the rear admiral succeeded in making
confusion worse confounded, but managed
to give out the information that a prom
inent member of the parlor offered "him
a box of cigars if he would rule favorably
to the unmarried men, but that no box
of cigars could induce him to give a.deci
sion contrary to his understanding of the
game.
During the past week District Deputy
James P. Dockery, assisted by. Harry I.
Mulcrevey as <rand marshal, installed
the officers of Olympus Parlor in the De
visadero-street hall., The event was fol
lowed by a collation and a social - hour.
Native Sons.
Henry A. Chase, P. G. S., has received
a letter printed on a blank which bears
the following name of a tribe in Webster,
Mass., and since he has received it he has
beeen hunting for; some one to pronounce
it for him: Chargoggagoggmauchauga
goggagungamaug Tribe No. .130.
George H. StCin of Yosemite Tribe is
organizing a~ council of the Degree of
Pocahontasin the Western Addition. He
already has twenty-two names on the pe
tition for a charter. " .
Onelda Council Is arranging for an Ice
cream party in 'the near future. •
The entertainment committee of Yosam
lte Tribe of the Improved Order of Red
Men Is busy completing Its arrangements
for the entertainment to be given on the
night of August 27. The tribe has a large
Mass of palefaces ready to be received
into the adoption degree.
Improved Order of Bed -Men.
The picnic committee is busy arranging
for the grand picnic to be gflven by the
local lodges in the Santa Cruz Mountains
on the 9th of September. At the last held
committee meeting it was announced that
more- than two hundred gate prize?! will
be distributed. : :'.*'.'¦
Yerba Buena Lodge at its meeting* on
the 6th inst. will have five candidates to
initiate. At the last held meeting three
applications were presented. «~ ¦
Knights of Honor.
The hall of the ladles' auxiliary of
Golden Gate • Lodge of the Independent
Order of Elks was tastefully and
uniquely decorated on the 28th of July
on the occasion of the installation of the
following named ladies as officers for the
current term. The new officers are: Ber
tha Eugenia Mackrett, worthy ruler; M.
J. Parlolnl. vice ruler; M. H. Atkins, es
quire; Sadie J. Kahn, chaplain; K. Ruf
flno, prosecutor; H. Y. Jones, defender;
Minna Simon, financial secretary; S.
Graff, treasurer; M. L. Simonds, inner
eruard; E. Levy, tyler; A. E. Flske, H. At
kins and E. A. Hackett, trustees. Miss
M. F. Mullin, the recording secretary, . on
behalf of the lodge, presented Lottie F.
Rothman. the retiring ruler, . an elegant
Jewel, a token of - the appreciation of the
members for her faithful work while in
the chair. A short programme of enter
tainment and light refreshments fol
lowed. ".;;,"
Independent Elks.
Britannia Lodge at its meeting on the
22d of July initiated four strangers, mak
ing twenty i new members added to the
lodge since the 1st of April. At the close
of. the routine business there was an open
meeting which was attended by the of
ficers and members of the Grand Lodge of
the Sons of St. George. A most pleasing
entertainment followed, in which the fol
lowing named participated: Hugh Wil
liamson, ' Sisters Beauford and Chalmers,
Captain Sealy, Hon. Dlgby Johnson, Dr.
Sykes of New Zealand, and~C. B. Sedg
wick. During the evening, there was the
presentation to the lodge by Sister Clack
on behalf of. Past Grand- President Hil
bert of British Columbia of a well execut
ed portrait of the King and Queen of Eng
land. Refreshments and a collation were
served. ' A . number of the visitors spoke
in flattering words of the signs of har
mony and prosperity of the lodge. .->.;* r >;f
The "at home" given by Empress Vic
toria'Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George in its lodge room July 29 proved to
be a delightful function. The hall was
decorated with the English and American
colors, the audience was large and en
thusiastic, and the programme of numbers
was a .very interesting one, that was well
received. There was present a large dele
gation from Golden Gate Lodge of Oak
land. " All voted the affair a great success
and admired the ability of the committee
of arrangements, the names of which
have already been published, to arrange
such an affair. The programme included
an address by Mrs. Phoebe Williams,
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments; vocal solos by M. Walker and
Messrs. Potter and Fisher; recitation by
Mrs. Simpson of Oakland Lodge, who was
recalled twice, the . selections being
"Hodge and the Vicar," "My Mother's
Cookies" and. "Agnes, J Love Thee."
There was dancing. between the numbers
and musical chairs and other games. This
lodge is rapidly adding to its membership,
which is seeking to be extremely social
as well as beneficial. .
Daughters of St. George.
At the meeting of Golden Gate Circle
last week seven strangers were admitted
by initiation and three applications were
presented. A social followed the work cf
the evening.
• Manzanita Grove has under considera
tion a proposition to call all local groves
together In the near future for the pur
pose of taking steps to assist Noble Grand
Area Godeau in securing 2000^members
during the current year. ¦¦-*¦..-.¦. ;
The noble grand arch wiH'make v offlcial
visitations as follows: August 14, Monte
verde Grove, San Francisco; 21st, Far
West Grove, Ferndale; 23d, Loleta Grove,
Loleta; 24th, Americus Grove, Eureka;
27th, Washington Grove, Eureka; Septem
ber 5, Novato Grove; 6th, Nlcaslo, Grove;
7th, Duxbury Grove, Bolinas; 8th, Olema
Grove; 10th. Tomales Grove; 11th, Fred
erick Seig Grove, Occidental; 12th, Dante
Grove, Duncans Mills; 13th, Gurnevllle
and Octavla groves, Guernevllle; 14th,
Verdi Giusseppe Grove, Healdsburg; 15th,
Sempione Grove. Santa Rosa; 16th, Cypress
and Petaluma Groves, Petaluma; 20th, St.
Helena Grove;4lst, William .Tell and Fra
ternity groves, Napa; 22da Sonoma Grove;
24th, Perseverance; and 26th, Olympia
Grove, San Francisco. ' -'¦¦'.-.
Olympia Grove and Olympia Circle will
have Its first picnic at Schuetzen Park on
August 1L . . , • ' ¦ i
Monteverde Grove worked in the initia
tory at its last held meeting and
also received several petitions for admis
sion.
The monthly meeting of the Past
Arches' Association on the 28th of July
was well attended. President Martinoni
presided, and after the routine of busi
ness the welfare of the order was dis
cussed by many of' the past arches. The
offer of Noble Grand Arch Julius S. Go
deau to make certain donations for the
advance of his pet idea of increasing the
membership by 2000 during the current
druidic year was favorably commented
upon and the Idea of a monster Initia
tion by the groves was well received. The
association will visit Alpini Grove Au
gust 15.
On the 26th of July President James F.
Martlnoni and twenty-six members of the
Past Arches' Association paid a fraternal
visit to Manzanita Grove, when there
was much said for the good of the order
by. the visitors. The grove was found. to
be In a flourishing condition. After ad
journment alp present became the guests
of . Golden Gate Circle of the Druidesses
and a pleasant social hour was spent in
the social hall. - » .
Th« Druids.
At the meeting of , California > Council,
July . 29, there were present more than
forty members and f visitors, including
State Organizer Temple,' who, during the
evening, delivered an interesting address
and admitted that he had missed a good
thing and so had many other neighbors
by not visiting California Camp. The
camp officers, attired in the .uniform of
the Hayseed Band, initiated a -number of
candidates, and Joseph A. "Wilson, who
presided in the absence of the consul
commander/ made the ceremony of initia
tion decidedly interesting- for the-strang
ers who took the ' obligation. After the
work there was some talk. on^the good of
the order and one of the most interesting
talks was given by Prince Laurance Vin
cent. This camp having found its quar
ters in the Pioneer building too contract
ed and not being able to secure a larger
hall there, will move to Native Sons' Hall.
Woodmen of the World.
On the night of July 30 about fifty mem
bers of California Council partook of a
supper at one of • the downtown restau
rants that was given under the auspices
of Deputy J.N. Bunting to the workers
of the council', who had done much to in
crease the membership of the order. Be
fore the supper was over Captain Teddy
Banz and Colonel James A. Wilson se
cured the application of the restaurant
keeper to Join the council, and then they
argued the point for a time with ex-Con
gressman Maguire, with the result -that
he may soon be initiated Into the order.
The very pleasant gathering was presided
over by Major- W. A. S. Nicholson, who
called for speeches from J. N. Bunting,
Colonel Joseph A. Wilson, Prince Lau
rance Vincent, A.J. Sparrow, John Fin
ley, Horace Wilson, Dr. M. B. Estes and
Captain Teddy Banz and for vocal selec
tions from Frederick Purdy.
_At a well attended meeting of California
Council July 31 a number of • recommen
dations, of the . Boomers' Club looking to
the ¦ advancement of the council were
adopted and there was a retrenchment in
the matter of current 'expenses. ""
National Union.
At the meeting of New Century Circle
last Monday night there' were present
fifty-four, including visitors. The circle
is decidedly active ¦ and - has • the faculty
of attracting the members to the circle
room. •
• The order in the- past six months has
made a net gain 6f nearly 400 members
and reports from various parts of the
State • show more activity than has { been
known for some time. - ¦ ; •-.-, : ,
Mrs. Sarah Beverson, special organizer,
is organizing a new circle in Napa Coun
ty and expects to have it ready for in
stitution in a short time.
companion and C. A. Douglass financial
secretary of the new circle. The grand
chief companion performed the work of
installation in ¦ a most admirable •. manner
and was ably assisted by the other grand
officers. ; The circle starts with more than
sixty members and has prospects of * in
creasing to a hundred within a short time.
After the ceremonies there was a banquet
at which Mrs. Sarah Beverson, the organ
izer, was higbly . complimented for the
work she had done, particularly for the
assistance she obtained from the members
of Court Farragut in making the organ
ization a success, something that courts
seldom do. '. - :• ¦¦ " :
ewH, O.; EL. L. Levy, G.: W. .E. Bouton,
R. (fourth term); W. T. Thomson, F. (thir
teenth term); H. Bouton, Recorder (sixth
term); M. Fairfleld, I. W., and R. Young,
O- W. (twenty-third term). ' After the in
stallation there were addresses and songs
and a smoke. ; This lodge -was twenty
three years old on the 31st of July.
vancement of, the ''order, and after ad
journment there was a sumptuous supper.
District Deputy Grand President Miss
Annie Worth has Installed the officers of
Las Lomas Parlor. The ceremony was
performed in the handsomely decorated
hall of the parlor in the presence of many
members of the order. The new officers
are: Mattie Farris, P. P.; May Layton,
P.; Anna Lacy. Rose Smith and M. Dunn,
V. Ps.; K. Whalen, R. S.; Mary Waters,
T.; E. Beirling. F. S.; L. Kern. M.; E.
Echofield, S. P. Daggett and A Driscoll,
trustees; Celia Agard. I. S.; M. Lacy. O.
S.; Mrs. Ehlert, O.; Dr. Louise B. Deal,
physician. Baautiful flowers were pre
sented to Grand President Mrs. Baker.
District Grand President Miss Worth and
Mattie Farris, the retiring president.
Darina Parlor has arranged for a social
on the night of the 19th of August. Ar
rangements ara also being made for an
anniversary party on the 4th of Septem
ber.
Past Grand President Mrs. Belle W.
Conrad last week entertained a number
of well-known Native Daughters at her
home on Haight street. There were pres
ent Mrs. Mollie B. Johnson of Califla
Parlor. Sacramento, P. G. P.; Past Grand
President Mrs. Mary E. Tillman; Miss
Lillie O. Reichling, founder of the order;
Grand Vice President Miss E. D. Keith,
Grand Secretary JMiss Laura J. Frakes
and Miss Ida Kervan. A dainty luncheon
was served and the estimable hostess en
tertained her guests with a detailed ac
count of her recent visit to Europe.
Jennie Brown, D. D. G. P., Installed the
officers of Alameda Parlor last week, be
ing assisted in the work by Past Grand
President Mollic B. Johnson and Grand
Sacretary Miss Frakes.
-f^VVE members of each of the
3^ O^ocal parlors of the Native
*S p Daughters of the Golden West
have been organized into a
I I committee, to be known as the
Q[^L/ committee of 1902. to entertain
the grand officers of and the
delegates to the Grand Parlor of 1902. The
following named are the officers: Grand
President Mrs. Genevieve Baker, presi
dent; Grand Vice President Miss Eliza
D. Keith, vice president; Miss Lizzie
Douglass, secretary, and Lucie Hammer-
Emlth, treasurer. It will be the purpose
of the committee to arrange entertain
ments and to -aise funds to carry out the
objects for which it was organized. The
committee Is arranging for a day and
night at the Chutes.
Crescent Court of the Order of the
Amaranth, on the 26th of July, demon
strated the perfectness of Its officers to
perform the impressive work of the order
by the initiation of four strangers. The
same night Royal GrandJPatron x Florin L.
Jones, by order of the supreme royal mat
ron. Installed Sir Knight A. M. Betts as
supreme associate patron, and Lady
Mary G. Dunn as supreme lady
wisdom. After • the Installation these,
together with Royal Grand Matron
Addle L. Ballou, the . royal grand
patrcn and Grand Treasurer Sum
mers were escorted to the east and ac
cocded seats of honor. There were sev
eral interesting addresses as to the ad-
Degree of the Amaranth.
The feature of the entertainment to be
given August 7 in Golden Gate Hall by
King Solomon Chapter will be "Box of
Monkeys."
On the night of the 30th of July, Cali
fornia Chapter held a special meeting for
the purpose of initiating twelve strangers.
The work-^vas in that degree of excellence
that has won for the officers of this
chapter so much praise, and many of
those who were present expressed their
admiration of the magnificent parapher
nalia that Is used in the conferring of the
degrees. After the ceremonies of the
evening there was dancing in the social
hall. During the ceremony of Initiation,
the music incidental to the work was by
the California Chapter Quartet, whlc.h is
fast coming to the front in consequence
of appropriate selections and excellent ex
ecution. There were present visitors from
many parts of the Union, and one from
India. The newly admitted members are
Dr. and Mrs. Charles Deichmiller, Mr.
and Mrs. Emll Hartman, . Mr. ' and Mrs.
Thomas S. Duke, Miss Margaret H. Ohea,
Miss Bessie Haste. Miss Belle Buswell.
Miss JIabyn Chapman, Rafe R. Reid' and
Robert W. Dennis.
The grand matron has recently spent
two weeks visiting the chapters In the
southern part of the State-
Eastern Star Notes.
Odd Fellowship.
District Deputy Grand Master John T.
Gibson installed the officers of Morse
Lodge, who are for the current term: J.
H. Bramstedt, N. G.; M. C. Riddle, V. G.;
Caleb Brlnd. R. S.; H. Spellman, T., and
J. M. Wilson. F. S. He also installed the
officers of Presidio Lodge, who are: A. H.
Blakely, N. G.: A. N. Tucker, V. G.; JV.
H. Sharp. R. S.: M. R. Robinson, F. S.;
J. H. Foster. W.. and A. P. Dodds. C.
-The deputy, with a view to arouse a spirit
of generous rivalry and enthusiasm in
the Jodges in his district, which also In
clude \ Parker and Western Addition
lodges, the names of the officers of which
have already been published In this de
partment, has offered a prize of a set of
silver mounted rosewood gavels to the
lodge initiating the greatest number of
candidates from the date of the last held
session of the grand lodge to the meeting
of the next grand lodge; also a diamond
set gold watch charm to the member in
the district who shall Qropose and have In
itiated the greatest number of candidates.
There is great activity In these lodges,
but up to this time the most active is
Presidio, of which the deputy Is a mem
ber.
Grand Master William Nlcholls Jr.,
while making his tour of the Santa Cruz
Mountains district, visited Rebekah
Lodge at Santa Cruz In the afternoon and
was accorded a hearty welcome. The re
ception committee Is entitled to great
credit for the arrangements as to decora
tions, programme and collation, for it
was one of the most pleasant that has
been held in many a day. There was, of
course, the ceremonial and business eide
which showed that the officers are alive
to the work of the order. The grand mas
ter delivered an address that was full of
valuable advice. In the evening he paid
a visit to San Lorenzo Lodge of the sub
ordinates in the same city, where he was
welcomed by a large number of the mem
bers and was tendered a special welcome
by T. W. Forsyth, noble grand of . the
lodge. This lodge, which claims the title
of "banner lodge," proved its excellency
for conducting business and work in the
initiatory degree, and it was highly com
plimented for that, and deservedly so. In
addition to an address by the grand mas
ter,* there were addresses by Duncan Mc-
Pherson, one of tbe prominent newspaper
men of that city, and J. N. Lincoln. A
social hour followed the ceremonies of the
evening. •
On the night of the 1st instant, the
grand master visited Enterprise Lodge at
Oakland, where there was an exemplifi
cation of the work and an agreeable even
ing thereafter. On the 2d the grand mas
ter returned to his home In Dutch Flat.
Boulder Creek Lodge, in the town of
that name, held a special meeting last
week to officially receive the grand mas
ter. The ¦ attendance .was good and the
membership showed Itself enthusiastic.
He has arranged to visit the lodges In
Tulare, Merced and Mariposa counties.
La Estrella- Parlor will give as social In
the banauet hall of the Native Sons'
building August 8.
Double Installation.
The double installation, that of the of
ficers of Wildey and Unity Encampments,
In Encampment Hall, in' the Odd Fellows'
building, on the 31st of July was witnessed
by a large number of the members of that
branch of the order, Canton San Francis
co and many members of subordinates
who . were present by special invitation.
The installing, officer was C. F. .Phillips,
D. D. G. P., assisted by Robert Black,
Ed Schrader, C. I* Zlegler, W. H. Barnes
and J. W. Harris. He was escorted into
the encampment hall by Canton San Fran
cisco, Captain Kornbeck, and all were re
ceived with due honors. The elected of
ficers of Wildey Encampment are: F. A.
Parkhurst. C. P.; J. J. Phillips. S. W.; W.
H. Hostoff . J: W. ; T. R. Moore, S.. and W.
T. Beck, T. Those of Unity are: E. A.
Davis, C. P.; George T. Shaw Jr.. S. W.;
H. F. Schroder, J. W.; W. H. Blundon,
S., and M. P. Forbes, T. After the cere
monies there were addresses by C. N.
Fox. first chief patriarch of Unity; Grand
Scribe Barnes, Past Grand Patriarch
Harris, Colonel Wever and J. A. Foster,
and entertainment by A. E. Allen. M. B.
Jones, Harry Neiman and H. W. Osthoff.
The Rebekahs.
One of the most pleasant gatherings
that has ever assembled in the Odd Fel
lows' building: was the one that was in
the lodser&om of Oriental Rebekah Lodge
on the nlpbt of the 1st Inst There was
after a ehort business meeting a reception
to San Francisco Canton of the Patriarchs
Militant and Captain Kornbeck and a
programme of entertainment. The mili
tants In full dress uniform were welcomed
in a neat speech by Noble- Grand Mrs. H.
E. Beakley. to which the gallant captain
responded. L.. Hammersmith acted as mas
ter of ceremonies and presented a most
Interesting programme of varied numbers
that were greatly enjoyed by all. Those
who contributed to the pleasure of the
evening were Fannie Igo, Minnie B. Kal
lock. Captain Kornbeck, C. H. O'Brien,
M. R. Jones, Ed Sweeney, Miss Pengalli,
Grand Master William Nicholls Jr.. W.
H. Barnes and others. This lodge pro
poses to make the social feature of the
order a most attractive one during the
term.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge, under the direc
tion of Jennie Wright, the new noble
grand, is preparing to make the lodge
room one of the most attractive in the or
der in this city. Arrangements are being
made to bring it most prominently to the
front both in the work behind closed doors
and in the social line.
Templar Lodge had an entertainment
and dance on the night of the 3d of Au
gust, which was attended by as many as
could well find room in the hall. It was
in line with the pleasing: social functions
that this lodge has been giving in the past
few months. .
Ancient Chrder of "Workmen.
Unity Lodge of the Ancient Order of
Workmen will on the 6th inst. celebrate
the moving into new quarters in Elks
Hall by a grand entertainment and dance.
This is to be an invitational affair to
members of the order and friends. This
lodge has adopted the protection fund for
its members and on the night of the 13th
inst. will have an important meeting in
relation to amendments to the by-laws.
On July 5 there is: to be an open meet
ing of the lodges of the Mission district
in the hall of Bernal Lodge, at the corner
of Valencia and Sixteenth streets, when
an . interesting programme will be pre
sented for the entertainment of the mem-'
bers, their lady friends and the public. ¦ '
Special Deputy Walter Malloy, has been
working to advantage in the Walnut
Creek district, for he has on the occasion
of his second visit there succeeded in add
ing materially to the membership of the
lodge. He presided at an open meeting
last week, with the result that; a number
of applications were presented.
The extension committee has decided to
make visits during August as follows:
Ninth to Franklin Lodge, 12th to Superior
lodge. 21st to Fidelity. Lodge and on the
29th to Burns Lodge. At each of these
meetings It is expected that there will be
good speakers to address the membership,
particularly on the line of having a grand
initiation in October.
A circular has been issued to the lodges
of this city requesting each to .appoint a
committee of one to meet in the Western
Hall of the Shiels building on the night
of the 15th of August to discuss a propo
sition to get up a monster initiation in
this city in the latter part of October.
There .will be a meeting of the corpor
ate directors on the night of the 9th Inst.
to discuss matters of importance to the
welfare of the order."
The reports received by Grand Recorder
Spencer during July show a flattering in
crease for the month.
Prosperity Lodge is arranging for an
entertainment some time .this month,
when an . interesting programme will be
presented. . -..»¦ ¦ - -. . .
Special Deputy Brewer is working in St.
Helena and r»apa, and expects to have
lodges in these places in the near future.
A new lodge was instituted at Fort
Bragg August 3. .- \. -
Myrtle Lodge has been stimulated to re
newed activity by the . fact that the
Fleishman beneficiary certificate, . which
the brother named made over to the lodge,
not having: any living relatives, was re
cently paid Into the . lodge • fund. The
greater, portion has been placed in bank
and the balance will be used in extending
the membership of the lodge. Myrtle
Lodge is seeking new quarters, and there
is a possibility that the meeting night will
be changed. The following ; named have
been installed as the officers of the lodge
by District Deputy Crowley, assisted by
Grand Recorder Spencer, the ¦ indefatig
able Major Blackman and others: Charles
W. • Saunders, P. M. W. ; E. B. Balrd, M.
W.; E. G. Van Taasell, F.; W. H. Math-
TOLD IN THE ANTE-ROOMS
THE SAK rBANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ AUGUST 4, 1901.
27
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN 6RACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Slipper
* TO-DAY,
Sunday N - - - August 4.
OPEN
Saplingjtakes
104^NOMINAJIONS--104
$1000 TO 1^N^ IZE $1000
TRAIN SERVICE. ."<¦.
Leaves Third and Townsend sts.," 10:15 a. m.,
11 a. m. and 1 p. m..: Twenty-flfth and Valencia
sts., five minutes later.'- Returning at 4:45 p.
m. and after. the last course. San Mateo elec-
tric cars every six minutes.' .¦.-•;••;
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
"AN AUTISTIC TMUMPnr-
GRAND~OPERA
SEASON.
Under th» Direction of MB. PAT7X* STEIN -
DORFF.
tonight « RIGOLETTO,"
Week Commencing MONDAY, August Btfe.
Two cf the Greatest Favorites of
THE LYRIC STAGE! •
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
- Verdi's. Best Loved Tragic Opera,
"IL TROVATORE."
Tuesday. Thursday, ' Sat Uatlne* and Sunday.
Donizetti's Lyrlo Mastarplae*.
"LUCIA."
Given With th» Finest Casts ObtaJaaMe. In-,
cludlnff 8ALASSA. COX^LAMAIUNT. BAR-
BARESCHI. CASTEIXAKO la "TROVA-
TORE," REPETTO. RTJSSO, FERRARI.
NICOZJNX and NAPOLEON! la "ZjTJCXA."
Bveslnss at a> liatlne* Saturday at X.
POPULAR PRICES.. 25c, COo aad TSa
¦ V Telephone — Buih a>
vUmiilDIM LEAD1NQ THEATSE
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
Th» Dlstlnculshed Irish Comedian.
CHAUNCEY (JLL/U 11
In Els Latest Comedy Soccess,
GARRETT__ O'MAGH. -
BEGINNING IU1 f\ JU T\ A V
TO-MORROW, iVlKJn/LJM. T.
CHARLES FKOHMAN'S .
EMPIRE HH
THEATER .^jg,.
COMPANY |«^
OH1BLX8 BI0HX AN X1XSABZT A58US
W. H. OR0MPT0N ETHEL EOSKIOX
E. T. BACKUS MABQARKT D ALX
OEIBSS 08B0UBHX JS. MAT BBOOKX
WALLACE W0B8LET SX0B8I 8YLVY8TSS
STANLEY DABK rSANZ BS0WHLEX
Presenting Henry Arthur Jones' Greatest Play,
MRS. DAfO DEFENCE,
lVATF AH Monday nlsht orders must b«
11 v 1 a-, taken up by Monday noon.
- / ¦ ¦ "*
STARTING ALL THIS
TO-NIGHT. 1A/EEIC.
TO-NIGHT!
:- MR. JAMES AND THE
IM'iRIJ / NEILL
i M Mmmmd M " '' ' COMPANY.
Present Ins Arthur W. Plnero's Comedy Success
"THE AMAZONS"
EVE 23c. 35c. BOc, 73c. $1
Bargain Matinees Erery Thnrsdaj,
25c and BOc
Next— August 11 "THE ROYAI* BOX."
SEATS THURSDAY.
GRANDS
MATINEE TO-DAY— LAST NIGHT OF
"THE SENATOR."
Commencing TO-MORROW (Monday) EVEJTO,
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
WTLL PRESENT— ,
"TOLLGATEINN"
' A Romance -of th<* Revolution.
By Lanrdon McCormlck. \ •
•' ., PRICES. 10c. 13c, 25c. 60c 75c
Good Orchestra Seats at All Matinees. 2So.
.' ..' .- Branch Ticket Of flee Emporium. •
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
(SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVBNIXO.
LAST NIGHT— The Magnificent Production of
the Great Naval Drama,
THE ENSIGN
JAMES M. BROPHY In his favorite role as th«
¦ ' Ensign Ben Balrd. An Unusually
Strong- Cast. ' ~ ¦ .
DDTrCC Evenings.. ..10c -c, 25c. 33c, Mo
fflltC J MaUnees.... 10c, 18c, 25o
NEXT WEEK— Extravagant Spectacular Prc-
ductlon of "MONTE CRISTO."-
TO-NIGHT -— VNELL 6WYNHE/
TO-MORROW BEC1NS
MONDAY THIRD •
NICHT MONTH.
Florence ROBERTS
-Supported by WHITE. WUITTLESET.
TVhsn Will Ba Presented Alexandra Dumas'
GAMILUE.
—ONLT MATINEE SATURDAT!
BEATS * — BY PHONE MAIN 254t
OLYMFIA £5?iK»»
THE ONLY FREE VAUDBVILLB - HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
RALACRAtuS,;
The Famoos - Novelty Juggler. ; \ . • :
ZETA LOWELL, '
The Stunning Singing- Soubrett*. '¦¦'.'
LBSTERHREEVES,
The Eminent Baritone." . " -^ '/
IONE,
- In Poses^PIaitJque."
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY > SUNDAY.: i
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAT. '
ADMISSION FREE.
I7TCPW17R»Q CONCERT HOUSE.
I 4 lDLtilrilt O; Admission lOc.
CHARITY MARTIN, Irene Franklin, Claire
Canfleld. Maud Still, • Demlngr and Carroll.
Ouhama. Nellie Bruce, Billy Fleming;, Little
Jennie' Metzler and Symor and Hull.
Reserved Seats. 25c Matinee Sunday. :
SUTRO BATHS.
pPENNIGHTS.,
Ooen ' dally ' from 7 a. m. to 11 p. jn. i
Bathing; . from 7 a. m. to 10:30 - p. m.
' • ADMISSION,^. 10c. .-.CHILDREN. *6c :
Bathing, Including admission,' 25c. Children, too.
Special $4.*00>-Good Value $5.00.
Black Cheviot Skirts, lined with
goed percaline, trimmed with 3
deep double. satin bands:
Special $12^O-Positiye Value $15.00
Fine -Black Broadcloth - Skirts,
new cut, with 5 distinct' graduating
ruffles; very stylish. , .
EXTRA SPECIAL FURS.
Electric Seal Capes, with; Astra-
kan yoke, satin lined, tail trimmed.
14 inches long $5.OO; real value
$7.50.
. 16 inches long $6-50; real value
• - $8.50.
Special $8.50-Martet Price $1150.
.Imitation. .Mink Capes. silk
lined, tail "'trimmed, an unusual
offering BEFORE THE BEGIN-
NING OF THE SEASON.
Child's and Miss"es' Raglans,
Automobile and Box Coats in a
Uarge and elegant variety, $3S.75
to ?25.OO.
Balance of Waists and
Summer Skirts
at 25c on the Dollar.
Tailor Suits.
Special $15.00«Real Value $20.09.
Elegant navy blue Tricot Tailor
Suit, new pointed Eton^ effect,
jacket and skirt magnificently satin
trimmed, a very stylish garment
Special $25.00»Positive Value $32.50
.Handsome new style Eton Suit,
made of fine quality black broad-
cloth, rich ' tailoring, first-class in
every respect., .. -,
SpeciaI$10.00»ExcellentValue$12.50
Fine quality Black Kersey Auto
Box Coats, silk lined throughout
with deep peau de soie reveres.
Special $12.50-FaU Value $15.00.
New Raglans, made of black or
castor kersey,^ 42 inches long,
$4, tight-fitting" elegant tailoring.
Special $10.60»ReaI Value $15.00.
Medium and .dark gray Covert
Cloth Raglans, 52 inches long, la-
test style reliable tailoring.
1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET
at ..¦ . :^';H.- ..
Special Low Prices.
Advance Styles of
New Fail Garments t
Special Off erinqs!
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
Cured WMle Yon Sleep
IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
"Gran-Solrent" dia*ol-re« Stricture
like snovr beneath the tin, re-
daces EVLARGED PROSTATE and
Ktrenctheni the Seminal Dacti, stop-
pinic drains and emissions IX FIF-
TEEN DAYS.
\o drogi t*» rnin the stomach, bat
n. direct local and positive applica-
tion to the entire 1,'retliral Tract.
GR AX-SOLVENT is the Wonder o«
tbe Century. Discovered by the Chemist
Fabrion. quickly interested the rreat Scien-
tist and Physician. Erdman. who developed It
and proclaimed that marvelous action In
Urethral ailments which electrified the world.
- At enormous expense THE ST. JAMES
ASSOCIATION outstripped all competitors
and secured exclusive control on the Western
Gran-Solvent 1s not a liquid. It Is prepared
In the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and
flexible, and 60 narrow, as to pans the closest
Stricture.
STRICTURE,
The great virtue in the method of np-
plieation is its direct and positive action.
Ko vile, drastic drugs to ruin the stomach and
digestive system. The Crayons are Inserted
upon retiring at night, dissolving by the heat
end secretions of the body in three hours,
which Is sufficient time to penetrate and dls-
eolve ' *"--,'"..' :
dislodging the granular mass, root and branch.
together with the false membrane upon which
It forms, thoroughly medicating the Prostate
Gland, reducing Enlargement and contracting
the EJaculatory Ducts. forever stopping
drains and lonnes.
The alterative and antiseptic action of "Qran-
Bolvent" asserts Itself in destroying Gonococd
and the germs that Infest the bladder " and
Prostate Gland.
During the past year thousands of weak.
¦waKtingr wrecks were cured--an army of men
born ecaln to begin life anew with fresh vigor,
full of strength and the consciousness of re-
ctorcfl manhood. Under the Influence of this
sovereign solvent urethral stricture la dissolved
ani dislodged in 16 days.
From time Immemorial cutting and dilating
have filled up the brutal, fruitless record of
treatment In urethral stricture, and yet there
has never been one cure by such savage meth-
ods. The eagerness with which medical men
are applying for this Solvent Is an open confes-
eicn of their error In the pest. Over 800 lead-
ing physician* in the United States and Canada
have abandoned the knife and are employing
"Gran-Bolvent" In their practice as & humane
end unfailing agent.
VARICOCELE.
Varlcocole Is an accumulation of sluggish
blood In the veins of the Bcrotum, due solely
to Imperfect circulation, and has Its origin in
a diseased and torpid Prostate Gland. Opera-
tions in this disease are only temporary, and no
mechanical de\-ice yet discovered has cured a
single case. "Gran-Solvent" heals the Prostate
and restores healthy circulation. Varicocele
•Slsappeare and the rlug-?i£h accumulation is
replaced by pure, healthy, red blood.
Space will not permit a complete descrip-
tion of the Incomparable St. James treatment
In urethral diseases. Every sufferer from Stric-
ture and ita offeprinK, Prostatitis and Seminal
Weakness*, should write to the St. James Asso-
ciation. S3O St Jamn Bldg.. Cincinnati. Ohio,
for their wonderful illustrated work, showing
the parts of the human eve- DE B. fan em
tem Involved In urethral all- B K 8 S B
mT.tF. th^y will send fig p*» n am
Fe<n:rely wrapped in plain 0^ STB C^ W^
jiackagre, prepaid. ft jj | Jfa fca
St James Association,
250 ST. JAKES BUILDIKO, CINCINNATI, OS10.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦AjamsBMEirrs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\^|s>j* -' SAN FRANCISCO OHAHA
Week Commencing This Afternoon, August 4th.
EVERY ACT A HEADLINE IN VAUDEVILLEI
Europe's Latest and Greatest Novelty Act.
H^'" e Mr. & Mrs.^^ ALFRED .KELCy.a^JSSg -^ «S^.
IiS. A l^ a lSSTSK^ WALLACE & COMPANY
••• ¦ Introducing Their Great Comedy Satire, "My .Wife's Presents." :
S^MOLASSG-SALVAQGI
the Great , . . ......:¦ ., - . „ .
Troupe of French Dancers. . / >.*-r^/-~.. -
grfflST ST AN DAltD QUARTETTE #J&!!2B2g
'SSJffyll The ESMON DS I & MODENA
;¦'¦'• Hl^h-CIass Musical Entertainers. ' In !'A Bargain Fiend."
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH Wlt^^
THE MOST STUNNING WOMAN IN VAUDEVILLE
ALEXANDRA DAGMAR
In a Complete Change of Songs and Costumes.
Parquet 23 cents, any Beat; Balcony, 10 cents; Children, 10 cents any part, except reserved.
' A few front Orchestra rows reserved, 60 cents; front rows of Balcony reserved, 25 cents.
6|vGRAMENTO^ OT0 i[ 4>
Gattle and iJor-SE
v^ OAwr Contests, v
fop Particulars "Write
CHUTES- and ZOO
ED F. BEYNABD, BIMM, B01OC
AND BRBE, ZELCEY SISTERS,
ANNA MORRIS, SEYMOUR AND
HILL, LEVY AND ¦ PABENT,
NEW MOVXNTG PZCTUKES. "
LUNElTE;
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
Amateur Night ¦ • Thnrsday.
¦ Telephone for Seats — Park 23. •
•- : ¦ ¦' " ; .- - .--•¦ :<t- : '¦¦
PALACE - ,;,
.»'.*v ' ¦ These hotels possess
AND : - " ! ¦ \ th « attributes that tour-
¦***:. , J Ists and travelers ap-"
'CRANA 1 -^ predate— central loca-
«lvAna#, tlon, liberal ; manafe-
HATn C " - rnent,' modern appoint-
IIU i CL3f : ments < and perfect cui-
' ¦ ¦¦¦- ,' sine. . • - !¦ --¦ >* y ¦¦.;.?•.;
Saii American and Euro-
' . ¦> ; pean plans. - - '
Francisco. ... •
Weekly Caili$l.()6per YeiarTHE SAT* FRANCISCO ; CAtL. SUN-DA Y£. AUGTJST 4i> 1901.
28
MEETING NOTICES—Contlnned. _
PACKERS'. Porters* and Warehousemen's
Protective Union No. 8885— Members are here-
by notified that ' a special meeting will be
held at 117 Turk st August 4 at 1 p. m. . .
J. E. O'NEILL. President.
A GRAND mass meeting will" be held SUN-
DAY, August 4, In front of the new City
Hall on Market st. to discuss the Issue be-
tween capital and labor. DR. C. C. O' DON-
NELL and othef eminent speakers will ad-
dress the meeting. Come one, come all.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from O. F. Sloan et als.. In the Old
Stiff Gravel Mine, near Valllcita, Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings In Wade's Gulch:
from W. C. Ruff and Manuel Leal. • In the
South Honcut Mine, In Yuba County near
Bangor to deposit tailings in South Honcut
Creek; from Henry Hanley and Marcus Star-
buck, In the Last Chance Gravel and Seams
Mine, near Canyon. El Dorado County, to
deposit tailings In Big Canyon, and from Ar-
thur R. Pride and Robert Bobb, In the vV II-
low Placer Mine,- near Bassetfs, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Deer Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59 Flood building. San Francisco, . Cal.,
. on August 19. 1901. at 1:30 p. m:
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual meeting of the
¦stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year" and the transaction of such,
other business as may be brought before the
meeting will be held at the offlce of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
sts., San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 5th
day of August 1901, at 11 o'clock a, m.
..L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth et. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— A splendid chance to make money.
Our new Pocket Atlas contains mans of
every State In the Union and every country
In the world. Also the 1900 census complete.
Over four hundred pages of maps and de-
pcriptive matter. Sells at sight Send 25c
for sample and terms to agents.
RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chicago, 111.
A GENTLEMAN- of education and with good
address who has had some experience as a
salesman: high-grade line; flne compensa-
tion to right man. Room 61, Flood bldg.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance?,Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private bankruptcy; col-
lections attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON, 1008% Mkt. r. 4, op. Bth.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atjy at law, 850 Market, cor.Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; cctteultation free: no fees In advance.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought "TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission Bt
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN!
MIDDLE-AGED couple want an Infant or small
child to board from responsible party; be&t of
care. MRS. PLYM. East Berkeley P. P., Cal.
BERKELEY lady would board children; fresh
cow; near school. 2127 Prince st. Ashby
station. Berkeley. -..-.: ; ;
A GOOD home for small girl; two In family;
object company. Box 2290, Call office. Oak-
land.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
A GERMAN lady wishes children to board day,
week or month; sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
¦WOMAN wants child 2 to 5 years to board-
mother's care. 428 Franklin st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$2000— ROAD house In the raisin center. Includ-
ing property, stock and fixtures. RUBEN-
STEIN & CLARK, 14 Flood building.
$2750— BEST paying saloon In Hanford. Cal.. in-
cluding pool and billiard tables, stock and fix-
tures; card rooms. RUBENSTEIN & CLARK
14 Flood building.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; fine confectionery
and ice-cream store, with cigars; dally cash
business, $20; pop. 30,000; can be fully investi-
gated; owner going East: sold reasonably If
at once. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
FOR eale— At invoice price, the merchandise
¦ store of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg, as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO., Santa Rosa, .
A RARE chance— Owing to disagreement of
partners, I offey for sale at a bargain all the
stock and fixufres of one of the finest located
poultry yag*S on the coast; 300 thoroughbred
pullets, just beginning to lay; this is a
, money-maker; Investigate it. M. J.
SCHRAND,* corner Fruitvale ave. and "Wash-
ington st, Fruitvale. Cal. . -
TO buy, sell or trade list your business propo-
rtions with us; we dispose of them for you
CALIF.. BUS. ASS'N. 865% Market Bt. '
FOR sale— Dairy 100 miles from S. F.; 150 cows;
now shipping $600 a month In cream to S F :
• also to lease or sell the ranch with feed for
1000 cattle. Address J. M. Canty. Grayson, Cal.
A SNAP— $400; grocery and fruit store; horse
and wagon; doing a good business; 3 living
rooms; rent $12-50; going East; must be sold.
314A Golden Gate ave.
PARTY ' wishes to buy good-paying lodging-
house In good location; north of Market St.;
no agents. Address, stating terms, etc, box
4163. Call office. -.--?:
$650— RESTAURANT doing a good business-
centrally located; cheap rent; with lease; 5S
chairs; a bargain; owner must sell on ac-
count going north. Address box 4539. Call.
A— $250 WILL buy a business making $100 to
$150 per month; any one can handle It Man-
ufacturing, box 4530. Call offlce.
SMALL hotel cloee to city; steady boarders; or
will take partner. Box 4591, Call offlce.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar, price $75; on ac-
count of sickness. 1322 Natoma Bt
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain. 1
921 Howard st; no agents.
GOOD paying branch bakery for sale cheap.
838 Hayes et
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
sn optician or be able to - attend to corre-
sponding, etc; cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAT-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, 1071% Mar-
' ket Et. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Novel and useful patent; a' money
maker; a bargain. Box 4545, Call orflce.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sale.
-Address S. F. Call Agent Santa Cruz. Cal.
WANTED for cash on. short notice— Groceries.
¦ hardware, merchandise; 14 McAllister, r. IS.
1350— FOR salei branch bakery, confectionery,
notions' and laundry offlce: 1 block from
grammar school; 2 large living rooms; party
leaving city. Address box 4544, Call.
FOR eale— Acropolis Chopbouse, Sutro Heights;
low rent; doing good business; the owner
leaving for Europe.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR 'SALE.
• ••• HOTEL AND BAR......
70 rooms., flne country town :...-.
Pears $250; price $1800. DECKER, 1020 Market.
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market et, opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796*.
28 Years in Business in This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming houses. 10 to 500 rms. $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to COO rms., $100 to. 20,000
40 fiats. 3 to 12 rooms, $S0 to 1 750
to private homes, 6 to 25 rooms, J90 to... 2 000
31 boarding-houses. 10 to 100 rms. $350 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 -rooms, $1000 to 8 000
- 49 grocery stores, $400 to 6.000
20 candy stores, $300 to 6 q00
40 saloons. $400 to ..'. ..;....".......... 6*000
10 cigar Etores. $300 to .'. 1 000
j BOO other Tiuslnesses, all kinds. $100 to.. 20 0i»
1 100 vacant lots, $25 to 8[ooO
75 houses and lots, everywhere. $600 to.. 50 000
5 chicken ranches, $400 to...; -.... 1 750
00 ranches, everywhere. $300 to 14*009
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call
1 can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers— 22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; suit-
able Improvement - for permanent tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
etc.: can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgom-
ery «t. room 3. /'•..-
ATTENTION,. BUYERS I ~, -
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city and pay for it
v In. monthly payments
. from the profits
of the 'bouse.
Vacant houses furnished. ¦
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
I WANT to buy a well-located rooming-house;
12 to 20 rooms; must be good; also sold right.
Address box 4588. Call.
$750— LODGING-HOUSE, near. Market st ; new,
rood furniture. McLaughlin & Co., 777*4 Mkt
CARPET; BEATING AND 'CLEANING.
¦WHEN, you become disgusted with poor ; work
send > to : SPAULDING'S pioneer ; Carpet-beat- ;
k Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama'et.; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE ! Carpet-cleaning Co.." 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. r Main 394.'-, GEO. .WALCOM & ! CO., ' Prop.
BEATING. 3c; laying. ; 3c; renovating, ; , 5o .' up;
.work guaranteed. T. R, Co.; phone, Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.'. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison ; tel. Mission 203. ..
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
¦ . 333 golden Gate ; afe. ; .. telephone ¦ East 126.'
CITY Steam l - Carpet-beating Works. " -. G. . H.
STEVENS, j Mgr., 38-40 8th st. ;. tel. South 250.
J. E.' MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Bt. ; tel.' Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st; telephone -Jessie 914.
1 \ J CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails, warts: pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF. Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N. Y.; Chronicle big., rm.' 76.
COLLECTION '.OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. ¦ 927 Market st. -
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms cheap. Apply 1523 How-
ard st. V- "' ' ._'•,...-' •¦' ' »
FURNISHED or unfurnished cottage. 5, rooms
and bath. Apply 2821 Bush st. -..¦.."
$12— COTTAGE, .. 5 . rooms. 9 - Priest . st., off
Washington, bet. Jones- and Leavenworth. -
$12— SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms. . 1108 Filbert st,
near Leavenworth. .' . .- ¦ '
:^J^J-': DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS.T^T^Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable ' prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, .. on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns . $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. -.;
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions' done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, -. extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions . . or fillings ¦ by: my.
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 yeara'
experience; no students; advice free;.prlce3
cheapest 'and- guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crown's. $3 50; fillings,
BOc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Fall set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerlyln Murphy, bldg. ¦ -
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y.- Dentists, 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. .
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 5! gT
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. "
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.;'
McCABE'S Detective Agency handieVaiTlegtt^
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma^ Spreckels I building.
rooms 323-324. San Frafriclsco: teh- South 381.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
atttentlon. 121 Post, over. O'Connor & Moffatt. .
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading B^sin^sTc^Ue^eT^r^Sarket^
$s per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping,' arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, 1 etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
PRACTICAL rapid piano method ; without scale
or exercise practice; course 4 months $100; no
previous knowledge of music necessary; ex-
emplification and demonstration of method on
application; choose your own repertoire -nu-
merous testimonials. Box 4403. Call office.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott tldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand ;reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
'A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for. the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford. professor. Phelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ine.\ practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
.•.-' rottflbldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING- Civil, elec. mlning.mech.sur-
vey, l assay., cyanide; day, e\-e. ; est. 1864. Van
der Xalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett SchooT
associated with theatrical agency securing
positltins. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
¦ fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
era is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott' bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the'
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
• clsco Business. College. 1236 Market at,-_
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post' st. S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
High School students— The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping", jrrammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission., nr. 6th.
KENT Law School, day and night. 554 Parrott
. bldg., S. F.; Oakland, 905. Broadway, rm. 1.
BANJO and guitar. R. T. ROSS, 614A Jones
st.; string music furnished. -
SPANISH taught, 25c a lesson; in class, 2 for
- 25c. 1111 Hyde - Bt. . ¦
FRENCH and music lessons. MLLE. FAGET,
1G54 Pacific ave. . , ; ¦ , . •
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemlc medication cures faulty ¦ nutri-
tion, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
. , .-
EXCHANGE, and sales offlce. 321 -Phelan
- hulldiae; income properties'. New-York. $350,-
000, $?.10, 000,- $170,000, for exchange,* gold* and
copper mines, ranches,- historical tapestries,
•etc. ;¦ state wants: registration free. / .
TO exchange 'or for 'sale — Two-seated tricycle:
cost $300: what have, you to exchange? Ad-
dress HOLTUM. 517 California Bt . .
EMPLOYMENT: OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
- cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
<I;AOKI'& CO.. 421 Post at.;: tel.' Bush 135, I-'-.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese, Chi-
;- nese help.' 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.' Black 5072*
CHINESE and Japanese employment ¦' of flee —
. Best help. 411% O'Farrell . st. ; tel. East 426. -:j
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese - employment 5 of-
fice; all kinds help.' 315 Stockton: Main 5188. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALES
A FIRST-CLASS infant hurse'desires situation;
; best city ref. MISS CULLEN. 325. Suttw- st.
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires situation; best • of references: city or
country. MISS .CULLEN. 325 Sutter et. •". ¦¦,
A~ FIRST-CLASS : German cook desires situ-
.. : ation ; best city references ; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. •¦'-"/-.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress desires . situation ;
best city references; city or country. -MISS
"-. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ¦ ;-,.. -' - ».- '-. .'. ¦
RELIABLE woman ; with a • child 3 ' years old
desires position ; housekeeper or general hoUEe-
-work. 25 Landers st, between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth. ; . ¦ " \--.v ,.",' T. -
AN ex-hospital nurse would make engagements
¦ in confinements or surgical cases; reasonable;
references given; ladles' « nurse. 127 Sev-
..-enth st.-; ¦ .<:.; ¦;..;._. . ¦_ ,.: .¦ \ - :¦.-'. ¦ .
: EASTERN ¦ widow- wants housekeeper's . posl-
' tlon; best refs. > Address 100S& Market, ' rm. 1 4/
WANTED— Position : to > do ¦ second '¦ work 'and
: sewing ¦ by;- competent ¦ ¦ woman; references;^
' - country preferred./ Address box ' 4580, Call. ¦ .-:
COLORED lady wishes situation as first-class
; cook ;» good references. .1006 Clayrst. : "¦ .; '
WOMAN wishes work by the day washing. Ad-
,* dress Mrs.. G., 134 Erie st. :¦-.'' ... ¦
BOOKKEEPER— Young lady expert accountant
-. desires' position • of . responsibility.' Box 4596,
.Call office.- ¦ . ;. . - •
WANTED— By respectable woman, work by the
'. day; any kind of housework. -.,414 Clementina
-..-¦ st,^ bet.-. Fifth and Sixth.' :. . ¦- . v
YOUNG lady: would like every afternoon to care
'for children or will do any kind of work; can
give references.'. Box 4594.- Call office...
REFINED American' woman' wants position In
: refined : family .where , there fare 'no,: children;
good housekeeper: -.wouldi prefer to 'go to the
> country. Box 4593/. Call office.,: .
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE-— Conl
A. CAMERON & CO.,'- ; <
. 850 Market st. and 8 Stockton et..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
' for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
60 rooms; rent $200; fine family hotel;... $6000
36 r.; rent $115; fine house; moneymaker. 1800
22 r.; rent $60; housekeeping; well turn. .1400
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1V4 p.'c
28 rooms: rent $90; fine furniture......... 1 . 2200
19 r.; rent $60; good; clears $70; Mission. 850
15 r.; rent $50; oak furniture: part. cash.. 1000
7 r.; rent $35; flne furniture and carpets.: 500
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rooms 1 and 2,
Near the Call Building. " ,'
Call, at offlce for list of BARGAINS. . •
9 rms.; rent $20; downtown; money maker $300
.27 rooms; full; clears $90 a month .1000
SO rooms: full of good people: clears $S5..;120U
48 rooms; rent $175; income $460; 9 baths;
2 entrances; I- will lend $1500 on lt^.... 2500
100 rooms; elevator; clears $400 a. month.. 6500 1
16 rooms; rent $50; nice and quiet........ 650
THE Boston Business Agency, 1016 Maiket st,
opp. Fifth— A rare chance In a lodging-house
of 35 rooms; all full; rent $30; price $400;
half cash, balance to suit' the buyer. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market st, opp. Fifth.
WE have legitimate bargains in lodging-
houses, saloons, candy and notion stores; also
several restaurants and cigar propositions
which we can vouch for. Call and get our
prices. ' FISHER & CO.. 1 935 Market st. •
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency.
Everything thoroughly Investigated; a trial
given. .
McBRIDE & CO 1016 Market st
THE largest and best . list of lodging-Houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of . •
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
. TAKE NOTICE
Three mortgaged houses that must sell this
week. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
ROOMING house for sale: lst-class location: 5
minutes' walk from. Call; permanent tenants;
owner leaving city. Box 3971, . Call offlce.
BARGAIN— lO-.-oom lodging-house furnished
complete: all full; rent cheap. Call S1X> Sixth.
SPIRITUALISM. V* .
CHAS. BROCKWAY'S grand test seance . to-
night. On© hour with Mr. , Brockway ., and
coming within the Influence of his magic
gifts Is like rubbing the Aladdin's lamp, for
lo, the wonderful genii with whom he can
be likened in miraculous power appear as
It were In his person and dooe your bidding
and tells what must be done to win fame,
fortune and happiness, and If life's . affairs
show any matter upon which you require in-
fallible advice find prophetic ¦ ¦ vision, come
to-night that he may turn the searchlight cf
his great gifts upon you and point out the
true way. Every one will receive a commu-
nication, full names and questions answered
or money refunded; admission 25c. 299 Hyde
st. corner Eddy. "The Salisbury." Private
readings dally. •
"WONDERFUL clairvoyant; tells everything;
money back if not true; send 10c and birth-
day. Prof. J. Myers, 91 Lincoln Park Stn.,
Chicago. . - ¦¦
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnhcm,' spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; clr. Sun. Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 38 McAllister et. (no sign).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c seance Sunday .. and
Thursday, 8 p. m.; every one gets a test; pri-
readings daily. 299 Hyde St., cor. Eddy.
JOHN SLATER— Circles, 25c; Sun.. Mon., Fri.
eves., 8:15: Wed. aft, 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat and Sun. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich; .
H. THOMPSON, medivm. will send you an-
swers on any subject by mall, 25c. Address
603 California st. ' - - ¦
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; clr. Tues., Fri., 8
p.m.; Wed., 2:30 p.m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP -Hall,. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-nlght.lOc.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
LINCOLN — CLAIRVOYANT AND HIGH
psychist. r$*#,
He will show you how to make your life
1 happier, your health better and how to in-
crease your worldly possessions.
As a test In your reading he will tell you
your name, exact surroundings, conditions, etc.,
thus proving to you that his predictions are
truthful, reliable and accurate.
No matter what troubles you may have with
yourself or others, come and he will guide you.
He may be consulted daily on all affairs of life.,
Mr. Lincoln's work la entirely different from
all others.
No darkened rooms or cabinet, but every-
thing done in the broad open light of sober
sense (and you in possession of yours).
He does not ask and will not accept money
for special work' until the work is done and
you are fully satisfied. - ...
It ¦ is not what he has done for others, - buti
what he can do for you. Through his wonder-
ous power he gives names, dates, facts, figures',
and reliable advice on all business transactions,
and in fact any and all matters which interest
you, such as law suits, contested wills, dam;'
age suits, divorces, deeds, mortgages, claims,
collections, speculations, gold mining adven-
tures and mining, oil etock. buried treasure
and In fact all doubtful or uncertain financial
difficulties.
He will tell you whom to avoid and whom to
trust, and how to obtain fair dealing in all af-
fairs of business. . -
Remember your prospects of to-day may. be
your fortune to-morrow If rightly handled. -
LOVE AND COURTSHIP.
If affair g of the heart or emotions of love in-
terest you he gives exact and truthful revela-
tions of all love affairs, restores lost affections
and eives peace and confidence to lovers and
discordant families, reunites the separated, etc.
Call on this gifted man and you will be hap-
pier and more successful than ever before.
If you cannot come, write. Thousands have
been made happy through correspondence. In-
close stamD for terms. Permanent address 123
Turk st. ;-•¦¦¦ : -
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness ami success
go b&nd In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
1 cess is possible, were it not for a lack of fore-
eight Into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied in life, consult ISMAR. for she Is a
prophetess of world-wide fame and her name
has • become a proverb In thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can
be; consulted daily from 10 a. :m. to 5 p. m.,
Sundays by appointment only, at her offlce, 11-iS
Market st, opp. Sixth. . By. mail thijee ques-
tions answered,' $1. Full life reading. $5.-' - ¦
MME." M. BERNARD, ' ~~" ~~ "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly," gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you*- are 'in trouble, discontented, un-,.
happy or riot satisfied in life, or have . domes-'
lie, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday. ,
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. '; :
..->¦ ... HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast;
he succeeds when 'others fall;- permanently
located at 125 Turk) st. ; readings by mall. ! , "
MADAM MONTAGUE. -' : - : : :'• ¦'¦'
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest pre-
dictions In love affairs; 'reunites separated;
. not one failure: letters answered.- 116 Turk.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
,. or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. ' 215% , Sixth st. ;
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
: diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
- gents $1: palm, and clair. sit, $1 E0. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian 'gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently . located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.'
A; L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst; horo-
scopes cast; lessons given, 50c; hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6.- 148 Sixth 6t..,room 22. ,
UP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist and reader of human destiny; never falls;
25c and 50c. 1203 Mission. St. cor. - 8th.^.;, : - :
IF you are In doubt and trouble and wish
truthful spiritual advice, see BROCKWAY'S
¦J. ad under head of- Spiritualism, this ppaer.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant,- card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 777% Market, .room: 18. .
Mrs.Mallory.cIalrvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fall consult me: L. 25c, G. 50c;. 917 Howard.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; laides 25c;
• gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. B. G.- HARRIS, noted clairvoyant: card
reader; laides 50c: gents $1. 120 Jones; no sign.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant! medium*
¦ sittings, 9a.m. to 8 p.m.; BOc. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader, - 11, 6th -.German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
¦ palmistry; truth or.no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card , reader;
- elttings dally. 44SH Jessie st, bet 5th and 6th.
MRS. . BROWN, clairvoyant,' ;•: card reader;
ladles 25c, gents 50c. > 132 Sixth st . .' ,.
CLAIRVQYANT card -reader, from Louisiana;
' only 10eT > . 262 Minna st.'.near .Fourth. ;
MMB.'^ RAVENNA" reads life fluently; business
, advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
• EMPLOYMENT. 'WANTED— FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER : with ; best • of reference— En-
' gagetnents by the day; fancy and tailor made
dresses. . 10 Metcalf place, near ' Mason . St.;
X off Geary. * .. " .*. - „: . . ' .
¦-WOMAN 'wishes work by the day washing and
; ironing; wages $1 25 a day. .-Call or, address
.. 1210 Folsom st • : ¦ .'." "¦¦'¦: - : • -- ,'
A LADY would like to take care of | children,
invalid or any kind of light work, between
the hours of 10 a. m. and 7 p. m. Address 518
Taylor st ¦¦¦.-.¦.-¦ "-. . ' '."*-¦ -. •¦ r -- x
POSITION ' as • housekeeper by capable; neat,
• elderly woman experienced with children and
entire work of small family; wages $10 to $15.
¦V : Call at 268 Stevenson st. ' ' . S ¦ " '
ELDERLY' woman ' wishes situation " to /do
¦: housework; no objection to country; good
; : references: Box 4535, Call offlce.
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day for house
- and window cleaning; best of references; $1
, ? per day ' and car fare. * Address Laundress,
Call. branch offlce. 300 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress and., housecleaner
wants work . by the day ; postals answered.
•Apply at 227. Minna st. . ,•,' . :
A YOUNG lady wishes a situation In private
•family, .where she would be willing to work
for board and lodging- providing she may at-
tend • the : Normal School - during the day.
- •; 207 /Powell st. '"- .¦'..'., . . __
VISITING .governess- to young children; Eng-
lish branches; music; experienced teacher.
413% Oak st. .,..--..¦:. ' ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. nr. Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable;. free 'bus
¦ and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recehed at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1098
Valencia st. - • _'_J___'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE^
ALL round book. Job and liews printer desires
situation; am sober, steady. and reliable; city
or country; references. Address box 4578, Call.
A RELIABLE man wants a position on ; gen-
tleman's place; can milk cows, care horse3,
do plain gardening: good reference. Address
F.D.,.1519 Howard st. . .•.:¦'.- ';
WANTED— Situation by American man and
wife as cooks In mining or oil. camp; strictly
reliable. Box 4532. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS bookkeeper and successful " col-
lector wants position in city; best references.
. Address F.OELK, box 4595, Call office..-. •
WANTED-By intelligent young man. situa-
tion in or near city; able to give references,"
E. MORLAR, 609 Washington at, city.
A THOROUGH stenographer, Spanish, English,
desires position. Box 45S9, Call offlce. .: :
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly under-
stands all work; can rUn any kind of engine;
willfng and obliging. Address H. B.. 217
Third at. S.-F. ' .
PAINTER and paperhanger, good workman,
wants work. Box 4597, Call office. . v
ELDERLY- single gentleman of education Is
open for any convenient employment at rea-
sonable compensation. Box 3913, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, a Catholic, would take
charge of lodging-house or small grocery or
) any position of trust, or may buy. Bos' 4398,
Call offlce. ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦
WANTED— Position as Indoor servant or chore-
man in private family; good city references.
Box 4599. Call office. ..
YOUNG man'Of good habits wishes position as
valet or care of Invalid; city references. Box
f" 4600. Call offlce. ., . . . . ' . - T
SWISS milker, with wife and boy of 15. want
work on dairy; city or country; man and boy
can milk 30- to 45 cows and wlfecopk foe!
small family: -now or till September *L. Call i
.or write "526 Montgomery st., room V. .
GERMAN and 'wife wish situations on ranch;
' wife good cook; man can drive horses and
work about ranch. Box 4571, Call offlce.
RELIABLE carpenter, best references, wants
position; competent foreman; church work
preferred. Box 4563, Call offlce.
GERMAN' baker wants situation as second
hand; city or country. Address G. A.. 268
Minna st. . ." . . '
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man; gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thoroughly;
references. Box : 4502, Call oflice. 7 ',V
POSITION wantedain wholesale grocery, hard-
ware or commission- house; handy man and
good salesman; steady and reliable.. Address
' box 4541; Call offlce. .•¦•* ' ¦ ¦ . .
WANTED — Position as indoor servant or chore-
man in. private family; references. C. P., 201
Montgomery ave v ' ' . .
INDUSTRIOUS man of 26 wishes position: had
6 years' experlsnce In heavy hardware, wagon
and car material. Addrees box 4557, Call, j
NEAT Chinese native son, in American clothes.
X reads and" writes English, wants a position
as offlce boy; good references, j Box 4519, Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions .has' been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2!00 Fillmore st.
' FEATHJER^IlEXOVATEp.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393. Valencla-.tel.Capp 2P82.
FINANCIAL'.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation: new method. of
placing stocks and bonds: companies Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
~ ~~l FLATS TO LETT"
EDDY. 929-931, near Franklin— Two beautiful
new flats, just completed, comprising all that
modern architecture can produce; containing
9 and 10 rooms and bath each; salon parlors
and reception hall; servant's room additional
with each flat; now open for inspection.
SHAIN WALD. '. BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220
Montgomery st.
NICE 8-room flal and bath; sunny side; all
. modern improvements; to a responsible. party
only on 2 years' lease. Apply from 10 to 5
.o'clock, 622 Oak st. ¦ -. '
FLAT — Lower flat, 8 rooms and bath; unfur-
nished or furnished: 1406 Post st, nr. Gough.
' Apply at premises, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
COLE, 769-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick sts.—
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and, bath;
rent reasonable.. - --.•¦'¦ • .« .' J
A— COZY 4-room. clean, sunny flat. 43 Julian
ave., near Fourteenth st. _¦¦
A LOWER ; flat of ' 3 rooms, sunny, yard. 2
- -Hayward St., oft, Harrison, near 8th; rent $9.
A MODERN sunny upper flat of 4 rooms, bath;
¦¦>' $14; near Park.; 1743 Hayes st.
BEAUTIFUL new. 7, 8 and 8 -\ roof garden ; ma-
rlne view. Sunday. 10 to 4. Van Ness & Union.
CHOICE new flats; exquisitely finished; ideal
location; Vallejo & Laguna sts.; marine view.
HAMPSHIRE St., near Twenty-fourth— New
.flat; 5 rooms and bath: rent $17. ¦*..*; :.\^-
LEAVENWORTH." 1519%— Flat of 4 rooms 'and
. bath: modern improvements: rent $15.,: - -
LOWER flat. 6" roims; middle- of Panhandle.'
. 1701 , Oak st. - ."-.-- :¦>¦¦¦¦¦'. ¦:-
LOWER flat ,V5 .'rooms and bath.' 3711 Seven-
...teenth st. ".*>;* .\'"".. . ¦ ¦''¦•¦" ;. - ¦¦ .- ¦: J "f.
LOWER flat' 6 rooms. 2838 Harrison st ; rent
*r*17. ' ">•¦¦ :-¦¦¦¦-.¦ V. •¦¦¦-¦.. . ..: '••¦ ¦
O'FARRELL, 1933-^Modern flats, 5 & 6 rooms,
,-bath, yard, basement : ; reas. to good tenant.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath," 547 Castro;
¦rent $20; RING BROS. ". ' ;'¦' :.*.'.-"
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. Corner Mar-
ket and Laguna sts.
4-ROOM flat; double parlors.' 221 Birch ave., off
¦ Van Ness. :- 1 ...'¦¦- . ' -
- FLATS ; TO , LET— FtRNISHED.
TO let— A basement flat of 4 rooms, furnished;
half block from car line;, healthy, location;
.nice garden; only $12; no children. Box 4575,
. Call offlce. -. -..,.¦.." -.-': -?•.- V,
FOR sale— The nearly new; furnishings of a
: 7-room flat, with or without lease. 1249 Cali-
fornia st; no dealers. ¦ ' - -• • .. .
SHOTWELL, BC6A— Flat, 6 furnished rooms and
bath: rent $18. - -¦¦¦•-; .. - . . -.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat; as good as new;
rent 115: for. inspection daily after 6 p. m.
' or Sundays by appointment only. 615 Ash ave. :
"4 ROOMS furnished J in oak, $48 50,'. with : No. 7
: - range. .rKing Furniture Co., ¦ 1127-1331 Market.
;Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
•j r A.;.B. . Smith Furniture : Co.Y; 128 '& 132 Ellis, 1
'A— LOT second-hand' carpet for sale this week. •
-329 Guerrero: et.V . ' .¦¦'.-• .1. - - ; _. - ¦_..
, FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent' 1305 Larkln;: tel. Polk 694.
. furniture andfurn'd houses bought: spot cash.
CAL.-Auction Co., -1462 Market— Buys furniture,
' .merchandise," etc.; phone Jessie 2071;- ,
Auctioneer;' W.- P. ¦ Beaucnamp, 2 Golden' Gate
Si ave. : tel. ¦ Jessie 126; furniture," mdse.; ; bought
BEFORE s selling ' your , furniture,' see 'Abram's
v Auction House.llOo Mission. .Tel. Jessie 1160..
TEL.', Jessle^761 before selling furniture. , car-
. ..pets, .pianos.'. etc.: CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market."
A. iWOLLPERT.i 773 Mission st,* pays highest
price for, second-hand furniture ; tel. Red 1354/
SAX FRAACISCO CALL. .
, BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 3:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
S261' Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m. -¦»
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 1p.m.
1096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore 6txeet; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
' Leavitt minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins, minister
emeritus; Chas. A. Murdock, superintendent
of Sunday school. The morning service is at
11 o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavltt will preach.
Subject "Lessons From Mother Earth."
Sunday "school is immediately after morning
service.. All are cordially invited. There la
no evening service. 1 *•¦ y- ' *-. .
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth 6ts.— Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore,
minister— Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock.
Morning theme. "God in His World." Even-
ing theme, "Hidden Forces." All the seats
are free.
EIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
Ets.— Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will
preach at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. In the
evening the monthly praise service will be
rendered by the choir, under the direction of
I. E. Blake. The programme consists of cho-
ruses from Mendelssohn and Haydn, a male
quartet, a trio for ladies' voices and solos by
Miss Gretchen Bernett Mrs. H. V. Dickey
and Mies Carrie Eulass. Seats free. All in-
vlted. -
AT Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion et, between Sixth and Seventh, Dr.
S. D. Hutfinpiller will conduct worship and
preach at 11 o'clock on the topic, "Well
Known and Well Called." and at 7:45 he win
preach on the topic. "A Great Beginning of
Great Things." Good music, free seats and
a cordial welcome for all.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett st, near
Twenty-third— Preaching 11 a. m. by Rev./
Henry S. Killen. Evening. 7:45. Organ re-
cital and sacred concert. Soloists: Sopranos
—Miss E. Riding, Mrs. M. E. Meade; tenor.
William Walker; barytones— W. Clifford
Smith and Rev. J. George Gibson; organlEt,
Miss Lotta Cnderhin.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—Kev. Frederick W. Clampett. D.D., rector.
Hoiy communion. 7:30 and 11 a. m. Morning
£ service, 11 o'clock. Evening prayer, 4 o'clock.
Friday service for army and navy at 11 a. m.
The rector will preach this Sunday.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church sen-ices In St.
•John's Church, corner California and Octavia
*ts.— Rev. John Hemphlll. D.D.. pastor: Rev.
George G. Eldredge, associate pastor-elect.
Rev. Mr. Eldredge will preach at 11 a. m.
Topic. "The Law of Christ-Sharing." Com-
munion sen-ice. Dr. Hemphill will preach
at 7:45. Topic. ¦ "The New Song." Sabbath
school after the morning service. Christian
Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
- FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason ets. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor. Rev. W. M. Kincaid, D.D., of Hono-
lulu, H. I., will preach. At 11 a. m., topic,
"Th4 Coming Church." At 7:45 p. m.. topic,-
"Spiritual Sensitiveness." All are cordially
invited.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, Druid
Temple. Folsom and Fourteenth sts.— Preach-
ing 11 a. m. by John A. Saxe, and 7:45 p. m.
by George S. Lincoln. Sunday school, 9:45
a. m. This church was organized by divine
command to preach the everlasting gospel
"In the hour of God's Judgment" In all the
world for a "witness" umo all nations. All
welcome. ."V
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist Central
block. 222 Sutter Bt.. between Kearny st and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m., subject. "Spirit" Sunday Bchool
• for children at the eame hour. Wednesday
evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-
room. 206 Keamy St., r. 510. All are welcome.
THE Theosophical Society— Odd Fellows' build-
ing, corner Market and Seventh Ets. To-night
at S, under the auspices of the Pacific Coast
committee and San Francisco Lodge, the first
of a course of lectures on "The Building of
the Individual" will be given by W. J. Wal-
ters. Golden Chain for children reopens at
11 a. m.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge. Theosophical Society-
Free public lecture every Sunday at 8 p. m.
Meetings resumed In new headquarters.
-Twentieth Century Hall. Flood building, S03
Market st, second floor. Subject to-night,
"Theosophy in the Twentieth Century." by
Miss Mane A. Walsh. Class Thursday after-
noon by Mrs. Alice Best. Public cordially
invited.
FIRST Mental Science Temple at San Fran-
cisco—Services every Sunday In Golden Gate
Hall. €23 Sutter et, at 11 a. m. This morn-
ing Mrs. Mary D. Flske, the talented New
York speaker, will lecture. Subject, "How
We Answer Our Own Prayers." All are In-
vited. Seats free.
THE wonderful new work in Japan. Rev. B.
C. Haworth. Just arrived, will give a full
account of it in the Westminster Presbyterian
Church. Page and Webster Etreets, this morn-
ing. Sen-ice at 11 o'clock. Everybody wel-
come.
MEETINGS— SUNDAY.; .
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Bun.. Tues., Fri.. 8 p.m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit fri« l .nds face to face and recog-
nize them; cive names: has received medals
from many countries; taken last -world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; teL
2275 Larkln Bt
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN will lecture thl«
vvr.ning at Crystal Hall. .Pythian Castle. 909
Market st. Subject. "BLOOD POISOXS."
to be followed by magnificent views of Athens
and the Piraeus. Seats free; no collection.
Note— Don't forget the Question BJx.
GRAND test meeting. 909 Market rear hall—
II. free: 2-8. 10c; Mr. Swan. Kotter. Mashet
Mme. Maxwell. Kotter. Stoddard, McKee,
Inspirational singer: others.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists . Occi-
dental Hall. 305 Larkln Bt. ; Sunday. 8 p m. ;
August 4, Mrs. R. S. Lilly, epeaker; admis-
sion free. ;
(A)— I. F. T. Bible Sunday school and church,
9i)9 Market st: 11, free; 2-8 p. m., 10c; Kate
Huessman. g eharp: Seely. Nlllsson. others.
CHAP. BROCKWAY'S test seance to-night
299 Hyde et. Fe ad under head of Spirit-
ualism, this paper. '.¦-.,- . ••¦.' i<
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing tests to all,
10c; gun.. Tues.. dcvel.; Frt.. sittings. 278 »th.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night C05 .McAllister. 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual meeting, 8:15
p. m.: bring sealed questions. 305 Larkin st
XV. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat; 10a 148 Sixth st. 2d floor,
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay, circles to-
night And Wednesday, 8; Tuesday. 2 p. m.
MRS/ EBERHARDT has returned: meeting to-
night. 3259 22d, bet Mission and Valencia.
VAN AUKEN, free lecture on palmistry with
. „_ f re» readings. 8 this evening. 423 Ellis et
">. : -.. : '. ; . . . •..
JOHN SLATER— No seance to-nlgbt -*•".'
EDWARD EARLE'S seance to-night; names In
full, etc. 328 Ellig st .
MEETINGS— Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society, Lodge No. 7. will hold Its monthly
public meeting: at S10 O'Farrell st THIS
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Subjects. "What
Do We Believer' and "What Must We Do
to Be Saved?" Two Epeakers. Tuesday even-
ing next public I. B. L. meeting. Subject,
"Phases of Warfare." All Invited.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 163. F. and A. M.— Z~
Ofnrers and members are hereby no- *%
tified to attend th* funeral cf our de- V \?
ceased brother. FERDINAND FRITZ /\^>
MARX, of ToiTht Lodge No. 12, Napa. from
the tall of this lodge TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
at 10:30 a. m. By order cf the W. M
m R. E. ALLEN. Secretary.
JR. O. U. A. M.— Abraham Lincoln !
Council No. 2. meets every I r \ O '
THURSDAY EVENING In Seven |^TS\«
Pines Hall. Alcazar bulldlnc. 120 8Ai~5AJS
O'Farrell et Tb jj^^y
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Offi-
cers tir.i members of the above-named fcn*Sfcra
society are hereby notified to assem- «rfSW3
We at their hall. 411 Sutter et. on g£$Jj«*
SUNDAY. August 4. 1301, at 8:30 a. "^jS* 3
m. eharp. to participate In the parade from
the hall- to the ferries for our thirty-first an-
nual picnic, to be held at Buena Vista Park.
Sausallto. Fines for non-attendance will be
strictly enforced. By order of
¦ M. BCAJiATICH, President
DE WITT W. TOLL. Rec. Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— Come
and see your friends at the Rebel Cork picnic.
SUNDAY NEXT. August 4. at Shell Mound
Park; everybody will be there; the gate and
game prizes which have helped to give this
picnic the reputation which It now has will
excel In value and number all previous pic-
nics; $S50 alone In cash prizes; also a Domes-
tic eewing machine, value $75. which Is on
display m the window of 1021 Market st; a
union band second to none will be in attend-
tLBct at the pavilion, . also first-class music
for reel and Jig dandngr. ¦ Don't forget the
date, SUNDAY, August 4, 1901. " ,
,; gloves^;':':', y .';
D. "& F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price:
' - warranted ; kept In - repair. '-'; 121 v Grant ave. •
HELP ¦ WASTEp^FElIAIjE. -".
AT C.R.: HANSEN &' CO.'S. '.Phone Grant 183
¦:.. ........ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, San Diego.' full' fare paid. '."....$23
;"1 more waitress, Santa Cruz," fare paid.... $20
3 waitresses, Sacramento •.....;.. .- $25
Waitress and assist chamberwork, Pleas-
: anton -..' <.....' . .".....-. $20
Chambermaid- to wait. Woodland ....$20
Waitress, -Hollister ........:.r.. $20
Waitress, -Belvedere. ....'....:: ;....$20
: Waitress, Marysville, fare paid $20
Waitress, springs steady place $20
• "Waitress, Mayneld .........'.......... $20
Waitress, Watsonville ..........$20
-Waitress, Sonoma :... : $20 !
10 waitresses, city, restaurants and hotels..
.' , $25 $35
1 " Chambermaid, springs, : steady place.. '..$20
springs, free fare both ways.. $30
.Woman, general work, hotel, country .$20
' Cleaner, institution $20
Man and wife, private place S40
¦ Second cook, institution $35
>........:. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working- housekeeper, small American
- family \. $20
'Housekeeper for old lady ..$20
Houseglrl. Butte County, see party here.. ..$20
Housegirl. small family, country, fare
. paid .....:.. ....'... ...$20
Nurse and assist, second work, country $12
Cook for section men ....$20
2 cooks, city and, country T $35
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, city and coun-
try, call and select a place; fares paid to all
country places... ....a..
. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... 104 Geary st
AN assistant housekeeper and' do sewing for
. hotel, city, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
" Geary st. ¦ ¦-..'¦.
WANTED — Cook. San Mateo, no washing, $35;
cook and second girl, same house, $20-$30; 2
waitresses for springs, fare paid, $20; 4 cooks,"
, German style,' $25-$30; 4 second girls,- city,
•••$20-$25; parlor maid, $25; cook, Ross Valley.
* , eee party here Monday, $30; ' 4 chambermaids
' 1 and waitress, city hotels, $20; 50 girls for all
; I kinds - of general housework, city and coun-
try, call early Monday morning. . Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 816 Sutter st
WANTED— "Women and girls to work on
peaches and pears; steady employment; high-
est wages paid. Apply at -AMERICAN
"FRUIT PACKING CO.. Sterling Warehouse.
ave., off Folsom St., between Sev-
."• enth and Eighth sts., city. '
GIRL wanted to do cooking and light house-
work for private family in Ross Valley for
two months; small washing; wages $25- to $30.
( according to ability. Inquire at CLARK'S,
¦653 Market Bt. , , L ; - V. -. .' : '¦'¦¦'
A' YOUNG woman tol superintend the manu-
¦ facturing of ladies' . underwear. . BAUER
BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st .
WANTED— A competent person to do general
housework, cooking, washing. Inquire for
further particulars at 1548 Page st.; call to-
day. , . -'..¦.."
WANTED— In small German family'.' a middle-
aged woman, to do "light housework: good
home; wages $8. H. SOMERS. 535 Pacific St.
WANTED— A young girl to do housework for
two; good home: wages $12. Apply Monday
"-, morning. 2115 Hyde st. . ¦ ¦
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; small
family; easy place; $8 per month. 2527 Harri-
Bon st, near Twenty-second. ." . .¦'";-¦': .;.;,
"GOOD home given in return for light services;
Sundays free. Apply 10 - to 12, 244 Clinton
Park, oft. Guerrero st .¦¦ ....
WANTED— Business woman to co-operate In
light housekeeping. Box 4376," Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced waist hands; also ap-
prentices, paid. »whlle learning. JUDA
BROS., 109 Battery st. ¦ : .
BRIGHT woman, free from home cares, can
secure permanent position by addressing at
once box 4579, Call offlce. ' . " "
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls; new
machines. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission.
GIRL to assist in light housework; small fam-
lly. 23S Twelfth st. - . - .' - ¦ ' ¦
WILL give nice room for a few; hours' work
dally. 639 California st. .' ¦
YOUNG lady for candy store: experienced. Ap-
ply Monday morning 1301 Polk st.
WANTED— Finishers on pants; good pay;
steady work. SELIG BROS.. 108 Battery st.
WANTED— Two intelligent ladies at Room
. Renting. Agency.. 935 Market St., room 14. .
W ANTED— Housekeeper In refined home; no
letters. Call 1008% Market st, room 4.
WANTED— Young lady who Is an experienced
wrapper. , Apply at HALE BROS. - ... .. - . .:
EXPERIENCED girls: also apprentices; paid
from start WEMPE BROS., 127 Mission st.
GIRLS wanted for dressmaking at 1407 Laguna
st. Call Monday. _____i_H_*
OPERATORS on ladles' neckwear and muslin
underwear. BAUER BROS., CO., 21. Sansome.
COMPETENT dressmaker; also apprentice.
Spring Valley building, room 129. ¦•":-
COMPETENT girl for housework and cook-
Ing, $20. 1042 Golden Gate ave.
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant, 1191
Market st, '
WANTED— Waitress. 204 Post st.
WANTED— Middle-aged Swedish lady as work-
ing housekeeper. 622 Natoma st.
GIRL to assist in general housework; no cook-
Ing; $17; Berkeley. Apply 818 McAllister st.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 1715
Eddy st. : '¦ '
MCDOWELL'S Dressmaking and Millinery
School has increased corps of teachers and Is
1 better equipped than ever to teach the art of
dressmaking and millinery; most thorough
course in millinery ever given in San Fran-
cisco; send for circular or visit school. 1015
.Market st. " ' ..-':.
i HOP PICKING — Wanted, 2000 men. women and
• children to pick hops; pleasant work; crop
very heavy; easiest picking; hop: dances
nightly; good music; good camping accom-
modations; tents rented cheap; wood and
plenty good water free. Groceries at city
prices; stores, bakery and postoffice on
ranch. ¦ '¦ Picking commences August 12 at
Horstville Ranch, 2 miles east of Wheatland,
on Bear River.' Apply or address P. M.
ROONEY. Horstvllle. CaL, or HORST
- BROTHERS, 122. Battery St., San Francisco.
WANTED— A good cock, willing to attend to
small washing and able to give first-class ref-
erences, can obtain a situation by. calling in
person between 6 and 8 evenings; wages $30.
•MRS. A. SCHILLING, 1403 Jackson st, cor-
ner Nineteenth. Oakland. . . . . - •
$"5 TO $33 per week guaranteed; 5 ladies and
3 gentlemen ; theatrical sketch ; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory and Acting. Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott 1 building.
CATHOLIC girf or woman : to make home with
elderly lady and perform light housework;
¦ wagoa small. Call at 655 Pine St., Monday. :
WANTED— Lady . piano player .for country.
-•Apply from 10 to 12 a.- m. and 1 to 4 p. m. at
y: 963, Mission St., .room 9. . .-
WANTED-rGirl for general housework; wages
> a $i5'.v Apply : 2S08 Twenty-fourth st. '
-WANTED— A young girl to -learn to wait, at
- table. 223 Leavenworth st.
WOMEN and girls to work on . fruit; both
•piece and 'day work; steady.' clean work all
summer.- Apply Tenth and Bryant sts. •
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; '• steady
work: highest wages.. Apply California Can-
neries Co.," 425 Brannan b t.
WANTED immediately, women and girls to
. work on fruit: steady work; highest wages
paid. - California Canneries Co.. 425 Bran-
nan st. .. ¦¦ ' -• •
A MIDDLE-AGED Protestant lady to do gen-
eral housework: family of five; good -home
¦- home . for a resnec table ; woman; no trlflers *
, plain i cooking, '> 3507 Twentieth . st. . :«-'-
WANTED— Experienced, salesladies. ¦ Apply at
HALE BROS.', between 8> and 11 a. m. T
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 507 Market - st - ,
LADY; to assist light housework; rood home
Call, after 1 , p. m. 116 Taylor st. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements. and subscrlntlon«
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A: BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions^ has been established at 1098
- Valencia st.*l : '. > ¦ ; . ' , . . ...
; " HELP VyVANTED--3IALE^
S.F. EMPLOYMEfNT { OFFICE...;.639 Clav at
. Free fare :.'.... Ship to-day -......" '. : Free"rare
' SS"! 1^ 10 " 011 work ' 8hIp to-day, fare advanced
-200 laborers ¦¦.............; ......$2 25 a day
INTERPRETER-One- each. -'German Italian
French.'. - Portuguese. Japanese^Chinest ?o
> gffag&S ote C0Untry - 1 ?
ERIGHT dressy young man having good busi-
- v * .ness ability; and, $1300; t one ofthlbest bus-
iness openings in California.' Box 4517, Call?
HELP WANTED-rMAjLE— -«von»^^
I^urrTyTready •••|^°° 8 a^SJ 848
ri^PE^A^T^^AY^su^DA^!!:::
OFFICE OPEN 8 A. . M. TO-DAY
600 Railroad Men Wanted.
S. P. R. R.— Santa Fe.
Cal. N. W. By.
For Uklah— Free Fare. _, ».»
850 teamsters, laborers and men to cut right
of way for Uklah, freeware, wages $2, $3 25
""Blacksmiths. K. R, camp. Uklah. fre» fare.
Ship to Uklah morning and afternoon.
1 S. P. R. R- '
150 men for section, ballast, track, rock,
steel and other gangs on all their sections,
including Loa Angelea and Santa Barbara.
free fare, office fee $1.
SANTA FE R. R.
100 men to work on the Santa Fe system,
company work, between San Francisco ana
Bakersfleld.- • „ __„
Free. Fare Sh»P **«*
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT ......
Blacksmith, no shoeing, near city.... $2 50 day
Blacksmith. R. R. camp,. free fare.. $50 and fd
2 more bridge carpenters, see boss here.. $3- aay
2 carpenters, institution, country •;••-""""*;
......; ...$2 day and found
2 carpenters, near city, $60 and found; carpen-
ter, mine. $57 and found: spooltender for
woods, see boss here, free fare; 2 blacksmith s
•helpers: 4 blacksmiths f- •
FRUIT PICKERS '""'"i
. 10 men or strong boys to pick fruit, $30 and
found; 5 men to work In dry yards and pack-
ing-house, $30 and found; 15 men or strong
boys to pick and pack fruit and vegetables,
fare 50c, long job. big ranch, no experience
required to pick fruit; If you can eat fruit
you can pick and pack It •
• - MINES. QUARRIES. ETC ¦¦¦
10 strong laboring men. gold mine... $75
10 men to unload cable from cars for largo
mining company v
15 laborers, no experience, for mines, $60 and
$67 50; 10 muckers, mine. $60; drillers. $75; 6
. miners. $60; 25 drillers. $67 50; 5 laborers, gold
.mine, north, $60; 10 laborers, cinnabar mine,
. San Luis Oblspo County. $42 and found; 5 la-
borers, surface work. $30 and found; 5 quarry-
men. Solano County, $60; 10 laborers, fare $30.
$2 a day; 15 laborers, city. $26 and found; 23
quarrymen and drillers, $2 to $2 50 day; 30 la-
borers, electric power company, $2 23 day, f ara
paid; 25 laborers wanted for city and country
work, $1 50 to $5 day, no experience required..
MARRIED HELP
* Man and wife, stock farm. ?45 and found, see>
boss here; cheesemaker and wife, see boss
here; man and wife for orchard, $40, se« boss
here; man and wife, wheat ranch. $60 and
, found; man and wife, fruit ranch. $38 and
found, no work for wife but to cook for four
men
MISCELLANEOUS. FARMS, ETC
Harness cleaner, livery stable $50
Stableman, truck stable $80
4 stablemen. ¦ private and livery; 5 deckhands.
$40 and found; 5 men to work In flour mill.
$2 50 a day; 8 laborers to pile lumber. $3 to $3
day; laborers to handle freight, $2 to $3 day
and found; 5 warehousemen, $40 and found; t
milk wagon drivers. $60 and $40 and found; 10
laborers for sawmills, fare paid ; 5 laborers
¦ for woods, fare paid, ship to-day; working
foreman, small ranch, $50 and found; 3 men
for harvest work, $3 day; 18 farmers, steady
jobs, $26 to $35 and found: 10 milkers. $30 to
$40 and found: 28 choremen and boys; 15 sand
wagon teamsters, city, $1 75 to $3 day; 150
teamsters for city and country work, $1 50 to
$4 day; 25 laborers, In and outside work, city,
$175 to $2 day :.
Milk wagon driver, $50; dairyman. Alameda
Co. ," $35 •.•¦.¦..............••...........••••.•••••••
HOTEL 'DEPARTMENT ...!*....".
Cook for a boat, $60, call to-day; lunch cook
and tend bar saloon, $35 and found; baker,
country shop. $3 50 fare. $52 and fpvnd; cook,
country hotel. $45 and found; S ranch cooks.
$30 and $35; cook, country hotel, north. $40;
camp waiter, Truckee, $30 and found; camp
dishwasher, Truckee, $30 and found; dish-
washer, country hotel, $25: 3 porters; 3 mess-
boys; 45 -waiters, and others; butcher, country
sbop. near city. $30 and found...
MURRAY & READY »... 634-638 Clay St.
A— TO-DAY. SUNDAY
¦ To-day, Sunday
....'. To-day. Sunday
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary «t.
Railroad work railroad work
FOR BAKERSFIELD.
.100 four-horse teamsters.. $2 25
20 spikers $3 25
20 strappers $2 25
20 laborers, track gang $2
FOR UKIAH.
100 teamsters $3
100 laborers —...$2
FOR TRUCKEE.
200 laborers $175
FOR NEVADA.
100 teamsters I.$3
103 laborers $3
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
100 headers and drillers $2 25 to $3 DO
109 laborers and muckers $1 75 to $3
Free fare Free fara
SHIP TO-DAY.
200 laborers for large electrical company,
fare advanced ....$2 25 a day
C. R- HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
--'.......59 Third st. Phone Bush 405.........
........RAILROAD MEN
Cal. N. W. R. R ; Uklah
100 teamsters, $2 per day Uklah
100 axmen and shovelers, $Z per day Uklah
100 men to ballast track
Santa Fs Co.'s own work
Free fare '..Free fare.... Free fare
Wanted, 100 shovelers at ...$3 25 -per day
Large company's own work. We guarantee
work until snow flies, the very best of board
and fare advanced.
50 laborers $1 50 per day and board
Italian foreman and 60 laborers for larsa
ranch to toj> beets.
6 laborers, near city $1 25 and board
Band sawyer, south $3 per day
Edgerman, country $4 per day
Pointer, sawmill, country $2 75 per day
15 men to cut 4-ft. pine wood. $1 40 per cord,
tools end provisions advanced.
Office open Sunday until 12 m.
JOURNEYMEN barbers, attention!— A very
important meeting of the J. B. I. TT. of A.
Local 148. of San Francisco. Cal.. will be held
• Monday., evening. August 5, 1301, at Shleia
building> 32 O'Farrell st A fine of $1 will
be imposed for non-attendance. By order A.
E. WRAY. President. I. LESS. . Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers" International Union —
Free employment' 927 Market st, room 207.
I. 'LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1178. '
BARBERS, notice— The members of the Stata
Board of Barber Examiners will hold even-
Ing sessions from 8 o'clock until 10 o'clock
p. m., -for the purpose of Issuing certificates.
Emma Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
room 204. P. W.. DRAKE, Secretary. .
AN active. Intelligent young man as bartender
and salesman for first-class liquor store; must
have experience and come well recommended;
state references and full particulars. G.. box
4529. Call offlce. ' '
WANTED— Young men with natural talent for
dcawlng to train as newspaper artists by
mail: write for free circular lesson. School
of Caricature, World building, New York
City.
WANTED— A 'young man for offlce work: must
¦ be rapid and accurate at figures; state age.
«sr ri cSfofas.-' aUry expected - Appiy t
WANTED-All discharged soldiers that filed
'claims for pension with King & King to call
at 630 Market St. ; business of: Importance. .
SALESMAN wanted for jewelry store; younsr
man who can do some engraving: state age,
experience and references. Box 4538. Call.
WANTED— At TONKINS', a first-class opera-
tor and retoucher. Apply In person or by-
letter. giving particulars, at 1227 Market st.
WANTED— Young man for offlce work; rapid
penman and good at figures. Apply at HALE
BROS.' -. .
BOYS wanted; good, wages. Apply Delivery
• Department Western Union Telegraph Co., 300
Montgomery st.
WANTED— Porter for warehouse; give age.
experience and wages wanted. Address box
4536. Call offlce. ¦ . ¦ • .
WANTED^-A good cooper for sugar barrels;
steady work. Apply at 847 Florida »t .
WANTED— Steady, reliable pant3maker at
. Sacramento. Apply US Sutter st.
WANTED-Plumber's helper. 2987 Sixteenth
street.
WANT1JD— Two tailors at 2830 Greenwich «t.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to BOc. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WAITER wanted at 1224 Point Loboa ave.:
Geary-st. cars.
ALL sizes men's shoes,' slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and Id »t».
WANTED — Young man for dress goods depart-
ment. Apply at HALE BROS.
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
] wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.
WOOD turner, shaper and band sawyer want-
ed. 119 Main st. -
WANTED— Ladles' presser. 1643 Market st
! PORTER for drug store; experience and refer-
j ence required. Address box 4581. Call.-
GOOD cabinetmakers wanted at 835 Fol3om rt.
( WILLIAM BATEMAN.
TO TAILORS — Wanted, a good bushelman. " J.
GORDAN. 1124 Market at _^^
GOOD dishwasher, small restaurant. 1528 Polk
street. ¦ :
! BARKEEPER wanted. Dewey House. 34 East
, .street •;'.-'
I A CARRIAGE wood worker wanted. ilSS Mis-
• sion st. • •
.WANTED— A young man as delivery clerk In
grocery. Box 4534. Call offlce.
.WANTED— A waiter. 17-19 Powell st -
FIRST-CLASS - haircutter who understands
, ladlea* hair curling. 40 Geary st 1
DEPUTIES . for , fraternal Insurance *ode».y.
i Address Deputy, box 192.' Oakland, r -For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty. '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNI)AY, AUGUST 4. 1901.
29
REAL I2STATE— CITY— FOR SALE).
G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. Real ; Estate Agents, 7
, " . ,; 14 Montgomery . st.
Choice Market-st. corner, double frontage.
Covered by old Improvements. • For. particulars
call at office. ' • ; . • ¦
$33,000— Beale St., near Mission. 45:10x137:6. Only
a short 'time to offer, as owner intends
¦ Improving unless sold at once.
$35,000— Choice corner on Van Ness ave., cov-
ered at present with old improvements;
rents nominal; would pay handsomely
If properly improved; 60x109:9. '
$27,500— Rents 5207 per month; u ear Fourth and
Howard sts.; splendid '.nvestment; three i
flats of 6, 6, 6 rooms and 2-stpry house
of 12 rooms on Howard 'st. aiid 6 flats
¦ en rear street: 60x155: two frontages:
bank mortgage of $21,000 can remain.
$21,000— Rents $1SOO per annum; choice Inside
business corner; 2 two-story brick build-
ing*. ' , ¦ ¦
$14,600— Rents $1200 per annum; Hayes st. ; 3
modern flats of 8 rooms and bath each;
. 35X137:6. -
$11,600— Rents $1140 per annum;. Clay st, near
Devisadero: two new choice, sunny
flats of 10 and 12 rooms and bath each;
make offer. . * . - ..
$10,000— O'Farrell st. near Leavenworth; im-
provements 2-story building of 8. rooms
and bath. ' ¦ • • .
$S500— Reduced from $50,500; rents $792 per an-
num. Oak st.. close to Market; 4 flats;
27:6x12(1; double frontage. ¦ ' -
$5000— P.ents $60 per month; Hyde st:, near
Sutter; two desirable flats of 7 and • 8
' rooms\and bath each; building in good
repair: 25x87:6. V ~
$5000 — Rents $648 per annum; near Fourth and
Bryant sts.; 5 front and 2 rear flats,
completely renovated and in splendid
condition: sanitary plumbing, etc.;
30xSO. This Is a snap..
$4500 — Green St.; choice modern residence of
8 rooms and bath In perfect order; san-
itary plumbing; large garden. , • - • :
$4250— Near Duboce Park; 2 choice . desirable
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
• brick foundation, etc.; street bitumln-
ized; 24xS0.
$3200— Reduced; rents $360 per annum; Rausch
St.; two good substantial houses of 6
rooms each; mortgage of $1500 can re-
main. ¦ •
$2000 — Reduced: rents $264 per annum; near
Sixteenth and Valencia sts. ; two de-
~~ slrable flats, with rear house; must be
sold.
Choice list of building lots in all parts of
the city. Call and obtain one of our "Real
Estate Records," containing a list of property
for sale In all portions of the city. . . .
Latest pocket map of San Francisco, 25 cents.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents.
MADISON & BURKE,
I ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
626 Market sj., opp. Palace Hotel.
Geary St., Inside Larkin; 50x137:6; partially
Improved; only.; $25,000; cheapest offering on the
street. , * • ' ' .
Cheap — O'Farrell st, near Devisadero: con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rent $25;
only $2900. ,..".•
$5500— Broadway, near Octavia' st.; 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
26x131. .
Two flats— Clinton Park, near Dolores st;
rent $340 per year: price only $3500.
$4500— Twentieth st, near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 28x114. • .
$15,000— Beautiful modern house in the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$S500 — Pays $7S per month; flats; Scott, near
Ellis; 31x137:6. "
$7500— Seventeenth St., near Dolorea; flats;
well rented; 35x57:6.
$2750— Corner Sanchez and Jersey sts.; lot 30x.
100, with four-room house. ' ¦
$2500 — Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; S rooms
and bath. . -. .
$3000— Morris ave.,*i near 1 Bryant St.; double
house: rents $24; lot 25x75. .
$4500— Folsom st, near Eighth; 25x90; two
houses at $16 each; total $32.
jSOOO — Natoma st., corner Russ; elegant in-
come property; 25x75.
Laundry building with two flowing wells of
Al water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard St., bet. Fillmore and Steiner;
also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st., in rear; rents
$73 per month; must be sold on account of non-'
residence. ,
$2200— Guerrero and Twentieth st.; cottage;
lot 25x114: must be sold.
$7000 — Harriet St., near. Howard; lot 60x75,
holding frontage to Sixth St.; rent $50.
J4000 — Leavenworth St., near Jackson; 8 rooms
and bath: 22:6x115.
$1950— Florida st, near Twenty rflf th ; cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 20x100. \
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
FOR SALE BY *
LTON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
$1250— Hyde St.: lot 25x137:6; cars - pass the
door; $100 cash, $10 monthly, or will
'- build to suit.
$6S0O— Rent $64; 3 handsome new flats on Fol-
som st, close to Tenth; contains 5 rooms
' and bath each; fine investment. ,'
$5500— $750 cash: Lyon st., near Oak; 10 rooms
and bath; handsome home.
$3250— Laurel st; near Sacramento: ; bay win-
dow cottage, 7 rooms and bath; extra
high basement; at small outlay . build-
ing could be changed into flats; must
be sold. : • . ¦ -
$2250 — J300 cash; new house, 5 rooms and bath;
Nome ave., near Eighteenth and Dan-
vers sts.
$3250— Rent $32 50; splendid Investment; busi-
ness property in Mission; store and flat
in good condltiwi: must be sold.
$7250 — Rent $840 per annum; handsome new
flats, close to Park; contains 6 and ; 7
• rooms; all the latest conveniences..
$6500— Clay St., near Mason; lot 28x120; two-
story house, 16 rooms, and cottage, 4
rooms, in rear: rent $57 50; offer wanted.
$10,000 — Corner of Fillmore and Page sts.;
63x120; fine place for flats.
$2850— Cottage, 6 rooms and basement, near
Waller and Clayton sts.; in splendid
condition.
$7750— Rents $73: Powell st: lot 40x87 :6r stores,
rooming house above. ' •
$11,000— Large corner on Ocfavla St., near Page;
lot 60x90; Improvements rented for $80;
offer wanted. ¦
$9000— Post st.,. near Larkin; good two-story
house; 10 rooms and bath; has two
frontages; fine place for doctor.
$5000— Rent $45; cheapest flats In city; Park
Panhandle district; two flats, 5 and 6
rooms and bath each; lot 25x137:6; over-
looks the park.
LYON & HOAG, ,
114 Montgomery Bt '¦
WRIGHT & EWELL, -
, Real Estate and Financial Agents.
Loans, Insurance. ¦ 316 Montgomery st
CHOICE INVESTMENT PROPERTIES.
160nl37:6— a choice parcel .within flve minutes'
walk of Kearny and Market sts. ;
vicinity of Powell and Pine; 8 front-
ages; the best property in the city
for ; modern flats or apartment houses.
$140,000 — Magnificent lot with fair improve-
ments in the- new. wholesale district;
vicinity of First and Mission sts. ; 87:6
• frontage on two streets, 275 ft deep;
a rare investment
$170,000— 6-story and basement brick building-;
corner not far from -Market and Pow-
ell sts.; lodgings and stores; leased.
$140,000— High class Geary-st. Investment; 5-
etory pressed ' brick front and steel
building; lot 75x77:6; pays under leasa
over 6 per cent net on purchase price.
$60,000— Misslon-st. Income property; 3-story
brick, basement and substantial frame
building; always rented; income $4200
per annum; pays over 6 per cent, i
$5,600— New flats in the Mission Warm Belt;
just completed; very substantial and
artistic; as an Investment pays 10 per
cent
$3,000— Nice lot on Pine st, west of Fillmore:
rents now $20 per month; flats would
pay well; a bargain. - .....
$80 ve; front' foot— Beautiful building lota iln
Presidio Heights District, south side
of Jackson st. *
,: , < WRIGHT '& EWELL, •
Real Estate and Financial Agents, ;
"¦ . . ,'¦ > - , 316 Montgomery street f
___________
JULIEN SMITH, ¦
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
420 Montgoinery Street.
BUSINESS PROPERTY ON CALIFORNIA
STREET, NEAR DEVISADERO.
Lot 27:6x137 ;6 : . —
¦ — Store and Flat Above ¦
Nice business blockiv'level;. all street work
done; cross line of cars; stores of every class
around; -one of . the best, business stations in
Western. Addition: title insured. for $4000; pol-
icy can be assigned to purchaser; price $4300.
" SUTTER-STREET LOT.
30:6x164:1 —
North Side, bet Scott and Devisadero 1
Fine sunny lot; unusual frontage and depth;
belongs to non-residents and must be sold; see
it, please; only $3700. , , ."
CONTRACT let for, a new 6-room house on 23d
st, near Douglass,* Heyman Tract, which you
can get with your rent money; plan at office.
Agent James Cotter on place. . . - .
Also 2 new 4-room houses on Lundy St., near
Mlsslon-st. i carhouse and ' opposite terminus of
Valenola-st car line. :
$750— Lots fronting Ocean boulevard, nr. Park.
For sale— 8-room house,' | near Ocean Beach,
47th ave. and J Bt; lots 50x85; very reasonable.
. $160— Lota fronting San Jose ave. and electric
$750— Corner lots, 85x93, fronting . San Jose
ave. and electric road. -
$250— Lots, 25x114, on 29th St., near Diamond.
¦ Park lota, south side, $100, $150 and upwards;
the comlnir future .property;, block 1288; $5
down. $1 per month. . ¦ >
$460— North of Park, near Chutes, 25x120. ¦
. $50— Lots, ' Elmhurst ' railroad station, near
Oakland: $1 down and V^f"™**^ , .,
: Jv^' >/•*.'¦• V-"-,-"'-' -' '•¦¦¦>¦ 117< Sutter ¦st,'.-/-
$50 LOTS— San ave.. San Mateo County j
$1 down and $1 per. ; month. •. ¦ - ..
JACOB HEYMAN. .
: -'. -."'¦> ¦:.."¦¦"• ¦¦¦."??i*- ¦' _ :'<'. '. 117 Sutter st V.;
MODERN 9-roohi residence in Western "Addl-
1 tion for sale or to lease for a term of years,
. on account of departure of owner. For partic-
ulans apply LANDRY.-C. BABIN, 418 Kearny.
35x100 MARINE view lot; Pierce st.,". near
Broadway; $3000 (special). THE MCCARTHY
: : COMPANY. 646 Market; st. ' ..-.; . .-¦:.-,?.
BUY a home for your 'rent' money, of J. AN-
" DERSON, 818 Elizabeth st., near Douglas.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR : SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. . . .10 Montgomery ' st
$9000^Reats $9GG a year; ! newly improved
corner; containing store and flats; sire 75x75,
Bryant et. ¦ <¦ . . • • "
$3500— Reduced from $4000; bay-window cot-
tage; 7 rooms and bath; lot 30x122:6; owner
anxious to sell ; Folsom st.
$1500 — Leavenworth'St. corner; house of 8
rooms; bath; stable, etc.; lot 48x68:9.
$2500— Sold -to satisfy undivided Interests;
Clara st, near Fourth; rents $30 per month;
lot 25x75. . . . , •
$4250— Rents $45 per month; lot runs through
to rear . street; store and flat above of 9
, rooms and bath; Clay et, near Mason.
¦' ' $3700— Elegant cottage oh Treat ave.. near
Twenty-fifth st ; 5 rooms, bath, , basement,
: etc.; *ot 25x115. to an alley.
$23,500— Sutter-st. property: large lot, 68x140; !
- rents . $1950 a year; bargain.
• •¦•• $3500— Cottage, 6 rooms, bath and basement;
. near Oak and Ashbury; lot worth the money;
. looks into Golden Gate 'Park.
$7000— Reduced from $7800: lot 27:6x137:6.
with 3 separate flats, on north side of Hayes
st, not too far out; well lighted, sunny and
containing 6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath each;
present low rents $66 per month;, can be
eaeily rented for $75 per month; a genuine
bargain.
.- $8000— Eddy st, north line, 'near Laguna;
lot 25:9x120 to Willow ave. In rear; 2 modern
small flats; cost $5200 to' build; also 2-story'
house; mortgage $3500, can remain. • .
$6500— Income $56 per. month; 3 separate flats
and house of 6 rooms on rear street; lot has
double frontage. Filbert St.. near Mason, and
running through to Valparaiso st.
$7750— Rents $80 'per month; flats and rear
house on Grove et. ; only a short distance
from City Hall; pa,ys well. .
$5200 — Residence on Green St., containing: 9
rooms and bath; house should be seen to be
appreciated; a perfect home; lot 26:6x137:8..
SUNSET DISTRICT.
Choice Sunset Installment lots and new cot-
tages Just finished on easy terms; prices mod-
erate; payments only $10 p«r month; lots
level; on official grade; streets macadamized;
g-as, water and mail service; Nlneteenth-ave.
boulevard; Hi st. and Park entrance; also
Eighth, Ninth and Tenth aves. Call at
branch office, corner of Hst and Ninth ave.,
south of Golden Gate Park; open every day,
Sundays and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st
McAFEE BROTHERS, -
108 Montgomery st, S. F.
' . BUSH STREET.
Three-story brick building, stores below,
rooms above; 4 tenants; rented for $290; lot 33x
137:6; price $40,000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER..
1 On Pacific ave. ;. marine and city view; all
ready to build on; 45 feet front; price reduced
to $11,000. . f :
THREE GOOD FLATS.
. Near Buchanan Bt. ; 6 rooms and bath each:
modern flats and up to date; rented at $40
month: rents are very low; should rent $50; a
quick sale desired; price $1500.
NEW FLATS.
For investment; in Panhandle district: 3 flats,
7 rooms each; strictly modern; rents $102 50 per
month; price $10,5CO.
FINE CORNER LOT.
In Panhandle district; 46x100; elegant for
flats; $6000.
CHEAP LOT.
On Clay st., in Presidio Heights; 25x102 feet;
only $1500; the cheapest lot In the district
VALLEJO STREET. •
Modern residence of 9 rooms; finely finished
throughout; splendid marine view; price $13,500.
RENTS $S0— PRICE $8000.
Two modern flats 'on Devisadero Bt, near
Washington; lot 25x110.
BARTLETT-STREET FLATS.
Near Twenty-flrst st. : 2 modern flats of 5 and
6 rooms; rent $45; price reduced. to $4750.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
Two buildings on Clara st. ; rent $26; price
$2000.
Send or call for lists of lots; houses built to
suit on any lot in San Francisco.
MCAFEE BROTHERS, '
• , 108 Montgomery st,
San Francisco.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
- REAL ESTATE AGENTS, *
Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full Charge
Taken of Property.
624 MARKET STREET.,
$50,000— Choice corner on Geary"st, " a few
blocks from Market; lot 66x87:6 feet; old im-
provements. ¦ - , ¦
$20,000— Choice lot on Howard st, close to
Steuart st; lot 45:10x137:6 feet.
- $12,500— Choice piece of property on 3d st., near
Bryant; store and 11 rooms above. \ ,
$12,500 — Grove St., near Franklin st. ; flats and
houses; rents $111 per month; lot 27:6x120 feet.
$12,000— Choice residence" on the north line of
Washington St., near £Valnut; 16 rooms and 2
baths; all latest Improvements; fine marine
view; lot 32x102:8^4 feet - •
$11,000 — 2 choice up-to-date flats on the north
line of Clay st. ; solid cement foundation; sun
in every room: lot 29x105 feet;; rents $90 per
month ; these flats have been built 18 . months
and cost $13,000; must be sold, as the owner
wants to leave town. .
J7500— Choice residence on the north line of
Washington st, near Fillmore; 12 rooms and
bath; rented at present for $60 per month.
$5750— Choice residence of 10 rooms and bath;
on the north line of Sacramento st. ; will be fin-
ished by September 1: modern in every respect:
natural wood mantels; porcelain tubs and sinks;
every room light and sunny; lot 25x117:6 feet;
call at office and see plans.
$5000— 3 choice flats on 22d st., near Guerrero;
lot 25x114 feet; rents $50 per month.
$3600— 2 choice flats on Broderick st: rents $36
per month. - ~ • . -. ' ¦¦--. •
$1600— Choice -cottage In the Mission; 5 rooms
and bath.
$700— Choice corner lot In the "Mission; 28x100
feet; street work done; bank property; must be
cold at once. .." , - . -^
We will build a house, cottage or flats In the
Mission or Western Addition;- part, cash, bal-
ance on terms; we have plans In: the office,
which can be seen at any time. ' : .
Further particulars of ...
-_ BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAO.
BUY A HOME BEFORE
. , , THE STRIKE IS OVER.
$4500— Two splendid flats In Mission; rent $50;
north of Twenty-flrst st. ; must sell.
$6000— What do you think of thlsT Three
flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath; rent $60; lot
25x105; Valencia and Fourteenth sts.
$16,000 — Corner lot, 80x90; elegant 8-story
building; big store in corner; block from Mar-
ket and Eleventh sts. • , % *
$10,000— Golden Gate ave. property: house of
12 rooms and bath: lot 25x137:6; good Improve-
ments; near Franklin st. *-•
$16,000— Splendid corner lot, 40x137:8; house of
14 rooms and bath; Bush St., near Van Ness.
$26,000—6 elegant flats: Sutter st. near Leav-
enworth; lot 33:6x137:6;. rents for $2000 year.
* •'¦'¦ ' .- — r~ • ' ' \, .'-. - ¦ .
$5000— 2 flats of . 6 and 6 rooms and bath in
each; rents for $55; good aa new; near Third st.
>W0GO— House,' 7 rooms and bath; Just finished;
latest design; up-to-date; splendid location.
$3260— House,- 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x80; 100
feet from Market st. j bargain. ¦ .
HEALEY _ GrLLESPIE,
'¦'¦',-' ' . . .."¦¦•. . : - 630 Market »t ,
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY,
. REAL ESTATE AND LOANS.
7th Floor, Crocker Building.
$10,000 cash— Rents $2160 yearly; always rented;
business corner; new. building; 7 flats
and two stores: etreet accepted;' cars
' pass the property; , $15,000 ' bank mort-
. gage, 6 per. cent, can stand; pays over
12 per cent on money invested; a choice
Investment, bringing a sure Income 'and
can* be easily Increased.
$4600— Rent $46: 2 flats of 6 rooms and bath
¦ each; hjgh basement; modern plumbing,
V stationary washtubs and all modern con-
veniences;' large lot;, street accepted;
¦»• ' t ' ¦ . near 7th and Howard sta. ; $3000 can re-
main at 6 per cent ;
$2200— Reduced from- $2300 to. make sale; cot-
tage of 6 rooms; modern plumbing and
• building; street accepted: $500 cash, bal-
- - ance payments: 6 per cent interest; near
•'• Howard and- 8th sts.; save carfare;
within walking: distance of work.
'. • MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY,
-.'¦• ¦'•-•¦:. ¦;.. .'..•¦•¦ . -Crocker' Building. '
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.. ;............ Rear Estate
¦ 26-Mcntgomery St.. ............... ...'.Room'll.
Rents collected. Full charge taken of property.
" $16,500—75 . ft. ' on' Mission st and ¦ imptfl. .for
factory; rents $112; bargain. . ; .. . .
i $4860— Stylish new ' flats," 4 and 5 ; rooms; very
¦sunny; rents '$40; Twenty-third str .;,-,.:
$3750—2 flats, 4 & 6 rooms; Baker st; rents $41.
\ $3000— Modern 4 ¦ and ; 5 room flats ; \ California
st. and Eighth ave.; rents $30.'. ; ...-,.
- $2150— Snap: Clay-str lot, 25x100; north side;
fine residence.locatlon.'. :
' $6000-^Bargaln ; ¦ Howard, nr. 8th. ; ; bus. prop.
¦ ' SUNSET ! HEIGHTS 'PARK. LOTS.' '..."'
' $500 TO $850, ON EASY TERMS.
i $825— Eleventh * ave., betyeen . H and • I rts.,
near Park music . stand ; i cars pass ! block. - .
'¦ ' $3250— Houses— easy ; terms— above block, . 6 and
7 rooms, bath. ' etc. r_plana : at offloe. %$S»ttJSW_
A: E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery it,
room 11; : branch office, Sunset,' 1215 Ninth aye.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. '
63S MARKET STREET.
' VAN NES3 AVE. MANSION.'
$47,500 — An elegant home on the northeast cor-
ner; 12 rooms and bath; modern and up-
to-date In every, detail; driveway, sta-
ble, etc.; north of Eddy st.;. large lot
50x136:6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE. '.
AT A BARGAIN.
$7000—42:4x137:6; on best .bitumlnized block on
Pine St.; north side; elegant residence,
11 rooms and bath; stable; rents low at
$600 per annum; ground alone worth the
money; $5000 mortgage can remain.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
$6500— Three-story house of 18 rooms and bath,
! and two . modern flats, 5, 4 rooms and
bath; north side of Nineteenth st, near
'Valencia; rents $660 per annum; in good
. condtlon and always rented.
WESTERN ' ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$5000— Two-story house on Octavia st. near
Post: 12 rooms and bath; rents $360 per
¦ . annum.
1 ¦ .' - • ¦
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
$4000— East side of Powell st, near Washing-
ton; three-story house of 10 rooms; a
bargain. . -
• r SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
j $2300— Two well-built flats of 4, 3 rooms; near
Ninth and HafrUon sts.; pays $264 per
annum.
mA^ MUST BE SOLD. - •
. $2000— Two-story house on Norfolk St.. near
Folsom and 11th sts.; well built and In
. good condition. . ;
WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK. Y
$20,000— Fronting: on Park; 38 building lots for
the assessed value and one-half of what
opposite property sold for; one-quarter
cash balance flat loan at 6 per cent;
412x275 feet; a magnificent profit In sub-
divisions.
*" y
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., '
633 Market Street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market Street
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
GRAND " SPECIAL CREDIT SALE,
pne-quarter Cash. Balance Flat Loan or In-
¦ stallments, 6% per Annum.
TUESDAY August 6. 1901
At Our Salesroom— 63S Market Street,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
¦ PACIFIC-AVENUE MANSION.
South side (No. 2719) Pacific ave., 142 feet
west of Scott st; large elegant modern resi-
dence of 12 rooms and bath; comprising an up-
to-date home in every respect
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 27:6x
127:814 feet I
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
West side (No. 711) Leavenworth st. 110 feet
north of Post.^. an elegant double key lot on
which finest class of improvements would pay
large returns on the money Invested; the best
lot of this class east of Van Ness ave.: im-
provements consist of house of 8 rooms and
bath; rents $50 per month. •
: Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 27:6x
110 feet
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE. -
North side (No. 2904) Bush st. 50 feet west
of Lyon; large elegant modern residence, 8
rooms and bath; 3 finished rooms In basement;
porcelain tub3, tiled mantels, etc., etc.; sunny
Fide of street and built to admit light and sun
in every room;- several car lines adjacent.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 25x75
feet.
MODERN OAK-STREET RESIDENCE.
. North side (No. 926) Oak st, 90:10 feet west
of Pierce; a handsome sunny house of 10
rooms and bath; high basement, porcelain
tubs, sanitary plumbing, tiled mantels and up
to -date in every detail; appraised by Park
Panhandle Commissioners at $9500; cement
walk; street bitumlnized.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 26x
140:6 feet.
TWENTT-FIRST-STREET FLATS.
North side (Nos. 3124 to 3132) Twenty-first
St., 120 feet west of Howard; 5 modern flats of
7. 7, 6, 6, 6 rooms and bath each in the heart
of the Mission warm belt; always rented to
desirable tenants; substantial and well built •
an additional flat could be finished off at a
small expense; present low rents $95 per month
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 50x95
feet.
GUERRERO-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY
¦ West side (Nos. 824 and 324%) Guerrero st. and
(Nos. 7 and 7V6) Spencer st., 21S feet north of
Sixteenth; 4 well-built houses of 9. 9, 6, 4 rooms
and bath each; never vacant and renting at
the present time for $624 per annum, which can
easily be increased.
, Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 30x124
feet i ¦
MODERN MISSION COTTAGES.
North side (No. 802) Elizabeth st. 100 feet '
west of Douglass; key lot 25x114 feet; north •
side (No. 806) Elizabeth St., 150 feet west of
Douglass; 25x114; 2 stylish cottages, 5 rooms
and bath each; brick foundations, high base-
ments, tiled mantels, etc.; half a block from
Twenty-fourth-st. cars; will be sold separately.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
South side Hill st. 260 feet east of Noe: a
fine lot ready for building; street macadamized
and sewered. . -
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 25x
114 feet.
! OCEAN VIEW COTTAGE.
North side (No. 104) Sadowa st. 60 feet west
of Plymouth; a cozy cottage, 4 rooms; neat
appearing and in good condition; 1 block from
electric cars and Southern Pacific Railway sta-
tion.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 25x125
feet
LAKE VIEW HOME.
Northwest corner De Montford and Jules
aves.; a modern cottage. 4 rooms and bath,
high basement, stationary tubs, etc.. In first-
class condition; 1 block from Mlssion-st- cars
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 112"6x
150 feet,
OCEAN VIEW HOME.
North side (No. 206) Minerva st., 65 feet west
of Capital; a well-built cottage, 4 rooms and
bath, in good condition; , best part of town-
lot 25x100 feet. v
. — *ALSO;
Northwest corner of Minerva and Capital sts •
lot 65x100.
•Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH.
FOR SPECULATORS AND HOMESEEKERS
Gift map No. 8—10 fine lots, Nos. 1308 to 1317,
inclusive, on Winslow, Mayflower and Califor-
nia aves. • ¦
Paul tract, block No. 36— Lots 2. 3, 4, 5/ on
Goettlngen and Berlin sts. •
Paul tract, block No. 7— Lots 4. 6. 10. 11, on
Holyoke. Olmstead and Somerset sts.
Paul tract, block No. 29— Lot 6, southeast cor-
ner Goettlngen and Ward sts. ; 100x120 feet.
. Paul tract, block No. 1— Lot 6. southeast cor-
ner Hamilton and Woolsey sts. ; 50x120 feet.
. .Paul Reservation Homestead Association,
block No. 2— Lot 12, north side of Ward st
107:8 feet east of Berlin; 25x105 feet.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH.
EASTON. «ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
63S Market st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
' We have unusual good Bargains now.
Secure a home with, little money..
$75, $100 to $230— Level lots near Misslon-st.
cars;' $5 monthly.
$75; $100 to $350— Best Ocean Boulevard lots
1 only $5 monthly; ready to build on.
$500 to $800— Graded and sewered incompar-
,'able Sunset lots; your own terms.
->, Sunset Branch office, 9th ave., near H it
$400 to $800— Richmond lots, only $10 monthly.
$850, $1000, $1300, $2500 to $3000— Bargains In
j modern cottages. Sunset. Richmond and Mis-
sion districts; easy payments. -
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
54 Chronicle building.
$300— LOT 83x100: on Laldley st; 1 block from
electric cars: $5 monthly.- •
Large level lots between Twenty- third and
Elizabeth sts.; street work done: $5 monthly.
Level lots fronting Park and ocean; the only
lots on the boulevard; $5 monthly.
$11 75 a month; price $1350: 5 large level lots
with 4-room house, barn, chicken-houses and
only one block from Folsom-st. cars.
$1400— On easy terms; house of 5 rooms; lot
29x153; latest plumbing: on Silver ave. and
Mission road. . ¦ .
•. $30GO— Bryant st, near Ninth: 6-room cottaes
and lot 28x85, with driveway. 1 . . ¦
¦ OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS. V ¦•: . ¦ ;.'•;,¦
$3250 and $3500 each— NW. corner Hayes and
Fillmore sts-; lots 25x27:6 front; ideal location
for residences or flats: only a few left. •
"$1750 each— Near Park Panhandle: two choice
building lots offered at this low. price to effect
Immediate sale; 25x137:6 eachV
, ¦ G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
A'LIFE.ln view of. 'the ocean, breathing its
. - pure "atmosphere, makes rosy cheeks, . a joy-
ous : life and a cheerful ; home.'; V-
The prettiest suburb and cheapest . homes in
San Francisco are for sale by THISTLETON.'
272 Sadowa st. Ocean View; phone Capp 2425.
IF I you have- ' lots north of ¦ the park ¦ (in Rlch-
\ mond : district) that you want to sell then
0 call on . W. J. GUNN. 630 California st ,
IF - you .have property : north of Vallejo st to
'•; . the bay | and , west of I Van Ne3s ave. 1 that you
. want to dispose of, then call on W.' J. GUNN,
.'.630 California -st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS— Con.
ANY make at 1 lowest prices. Agency famous
Haliet-Davls. Bargain list J50 up; uprights;
Mahopany Fischer, $S5; .Stelnway. J1S5;
Chickering JIGS; 20 ethers; rents ?2 up; great
inducement to agents.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.
A LIST of fine second-hand pianos— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Ccnover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $125, $145, etc.; easy payments.
BEN.T. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell St..
Chickering, Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of BGlf-pJ-ayers.
ANOTHER cleanlng-out sale ot storage pianos
at youj- own price: $6 Instalments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 170C Market 'Et.
AT KEEFFE'S piano store, 22 Turk. nr. Mar-
ket— Shonlngcr and Schubert pianos. ¦
PIANO: upright; good order. 1215 Linden st,
Oakland.
NEW upright: Bold for advances. PIERCE
Piano Factory. Market, 14th and Church ets.
GOING East account of death: must sacrif.ee
large ¦ 3-pedal upright piano. 316 Turk st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, .repairer. 2 Latham place.
£150 BUYS elegant modern upright: or rent for
$2 &0 nonth. 242 Kearny st. . ,> ** .
STEINWAY. $200: Hartman. $100: elegant new
planes. t!50 up. W. C: Hamilton. 8 Flood bids.
GOOD second-hand upright for I sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. v •
A LARGE lot of Becond-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me-
Alllster st. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for- mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
COR. Van Ness ave. and Grove st., with store
fixtures and living rooms; showcases and
candy Jars for sale.
BASEMENT to let; suitable for bakery. In--
quire IOC Eleventh St.; rent $10.
328 PACIFIC st.— Handsome, large store, cheap;
also 510 Sangpme. gtore S6 per month.
' OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
j PERSONALS.
BOHEMIAN DERMATOLOGICALINSTITUTH
LEADS. ,
131 Post St., Room 8.
Pimples, freckles and all facial blemlsh/s re-
moved; gray hair restored to natural color:
falling- hair and dandruff cured;" hair grown ori
bald heads; flesh reduced or developed any part
of the body; shampoos for gentlemen and
ladies.
Cut this '....out.
Good for one free treatment —
FREE — Success In life can only be obtained
through influence; will send absolutely free
a 100-page book which explains all the secrets '
of hypnotism, personal magnetism and mag-
netic healing; tells how to cure diseases and
bad habits, enables you to win and hold the
love and reepect of others; anybody can,
learn in a few days; we guarantee success;
write to-day. Address New York Institute
of Science, Dept. 117 T, Rochester, N. Y. .
ALL hair and scalp Impurities cured: hair
grown and restored to its natural color; sham-
pooed hair dried by the sun; moles and su-
perfluous hair effectually removed with elec-
tricity by an experienced operator. MRS. E.
R. DUNLAP. 34 Kearny st., rooms 11 and 12.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell St., and
you will not be disappointed'; this remedy is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
OUR new book free, sealed, fully Illustrated,
treats of all conditions of. men, how to attain
"Perfect Manhood"; should be in the hands
of every male adult. Address ERIE
MEDICAL CO.. "Book Dept.," Buffalo. N. Y.
117 60— SOLID cak bedroom set; plate mirror,
tl— Solid oak chair; factory price,
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Eearey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order- and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk- portieres; dealer In
carpet twine in hank- or chain, at lowest
'rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from j genuine
Scotch $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second St.. N. Y.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton < St., near Broadway.
KODAK developing by experts; up to 4x5 only
25c roll: mail orders a specialty. Rembrandt
Studio. .850 Market" cor. Stockton, upstairs. .
KNESTER, Hair Doctor, 1152 Franklin, Oak-
land; all defects; home treatment; questions
for stamp. , ¦ .
HIGH-CLASS violin lessons; agreeable method
for beginners. ANTOINE MEDER, 320 Van
Ness ave.
EMILIO— Willing to do as you say; do not be
foolish; come home. • . ELENA.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 836 Mission st
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. '
MARCEL WAVE done at the new halrdresslng
parlors, 121 Mason st A. ZIRKEL.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
TAILOR made suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stonea
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market St. ,
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PALMISTRY. •
PROF. KNIGHT, teacher of palmistry, will
. rive readings for two weeks at half price. 6%
V Golden Gate ave_ •
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
.reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st. «
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of
tha Pacific Coast; 1 to 6. 906 Market st
: . PILES.;/
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years:
.over 60 names of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
- delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950, Call
' office. S. F.. CaL ..'-,*• . ....
~ PROPERTY WANTED.
HAVE you a vacant lot to sellT I want to
build a home; state price and location of lot
Box 4414. , Call office.
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR 8 ALB.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$11,000— Corner Folaom and Erie sts.; 30x143;
8 flats; rents $78. ¦ •
$10,000— O'Farrell st, near. Larkin: 25x120 to
rear street; house of 14 rooms.
$5000— Pacific st, near Powell; 40x60; store
and 2 flats: rents $69-
$5500— Buchanan st. near Post; 24x37:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$8000— Corner Leavenworth and Francisco; 70x
87:6; 2-story residence of 11 rooms and bath.
$4500— Guerrero st. near Twenty-flfth; 24:0x
125; house of 8 rooms and bath.
• $42CO- ! -Clara, near 6th; 25x80; store and 3 flats;
rents $46. • •
$3500— Lyon st, near Sutter; 25x119:3; house
of 8 rooms. ¦ ' . ¦
$3350— Clementina Bt, near Sixth; 20xS0; house
of 6 rooms and bath ; rent $25.
UNIMPROVED.
' $14,000— Corner., Franklin and Grove sta.; 67x
68:9. - - ,
. $5500— Greenwich st, near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5000— Capp st, near Twenty-fifth; 65x115.
Corner l&th'ave. and Clement; 200x120.
$4000— Corner Jones and Filbert ds.; 25x70.
$3500-rFulton st, near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna st, near Page; 25x100. •
$2250— Union st. near -Webster.; 84:4%xl37:6.
$1500— Union st., near Octavia: 25x85. '
$1250 each— Polk St., near Chestnut: 8 lots
27:6x87:6. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' .; " " ' : . - ,
- $1250— Octavia st., near Union; -23x59:8.
• $1000— Sanchez, near 18th ; . 25x105. . • s
$85 - a front ' foot— Mission st, ; near.- 28th. ; <
• $1100 — Francisco st.-near Leavenworth; 25x102.
'400 lots. $200 to $400;- terms easy; e lee trie road
passes. . ¦¦¦.-- ¦¦.'-•.-¦-•¦.•'..-., 7 <>'.- t .
SIX. seven 'and eight rooms cottages; also two
I flat houses in block between 17th. 18th, Castro
- and ' Noe sts. : li cash, . balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON, builder. . -.; • :
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE — CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
, . . 313-220 Montgomery Street.
RESIDENCE NEAR TOW3T.
$3.000— Leavenworth «t. near Clay; lot 30x104
feet ' ¦
CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND B-v-flNTH.
130.000— Lot 75x125 feet; good Improvements :
renting for $225; for full particulars call
. ¦ at office.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
I $7,000— Clay st. near Baker; t modern fiats, 8
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27 :i feet
front; a rare chance. t
BARGAIN IN BUILDING LOT. *
$4,100 — Sunny side of California - st, near
Baker; extra width. 32:S feet front;
grand location to build flats.
BUILDING LOT. -.
$5,250— Bush st, near Webster; large lot !4:<Hz
I 137:6 feet; ready-to build, on.
PAGE-STREET CORNER.
$16,000— New flats; r«nts $142 50 monthly; aTery
good investment; 6 tenants In all; lot
87:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and caa
be increased.
SANSOME-STREET CORNER,
$15,000— Two-story building; rents $110; a fore- •
closure sale.
VAN NES&r NEAR PACIFIC.
$3,500 — Van Nees-ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 room*
- • and bath; near Pacific ave.; lot 25x100
feet.
STJTTER-STREET FLATS.
$11,000— Sutter at. north eide, near Webster; >
modern flats of 7 and 9 rooms and bath;
lot 27™_7:8 feet; very sunny; always
rented.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills bldg.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. '' ¦ '
667 Market st.
Opposite Kearny st.
Real Estate Agents.
$100.000-Ccrner; 275x137:6; splendid Improve-
ments; rented at $300 per month.
$51,000— Slxth-st corner; 14 blocks from Mar-
ket; rents {325: fine building.
$55.000— One-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodging-houses; rent $260 net
$41,000— Van Ness ave. corner; three frontage*;
126 feet frontage; old Improvements; renting
for $172; this is an ideal hotel or sanitarium
site.
{40,000— First st. corner; 75 feet front: whole-
sale and manufacturing district; vicinity new
Crocker building. , '
$40.000— Devisadero st business corner; t~o
stores and eeven flats: rents J30S.
J37.5C0— Ellis st, close to Taylor; new build-
ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about J2S0O.
$24,000— Cash invested In real estate vicinity
Alhambra Theater will pay 13 per cent net;
rents {330: one tenant . ..
$21.000— Insida McAllister st.; business prop-
erty; 82:6x120; two frontages; corner; 30xS0;
within 25 feet just sold for $1S,000.
$15,000— Sansome st. corner; wholesale district;
35 feet frontage; rents $110.
$10,500— Van Ness ave., near Pina st; house
and lot.
$10,500— Business property; Howard st, near
Fourth: three-story building; rent $S0.
$11.000— Modern flats: rents $140; lot 50x127:6:
facing Golden Gate Park.
$7300 — Four new flats; rents $72; bon ton dis-
trict; residence within 130 feet just sold for
$12,500.
$oSCO— Corner; S~. corner Vallejo and Pierce
sts.; 45x112; cheapest corner lot on Pacific
Heights;
$4950— Two fiats, only one-half block from
Market st; rents $40; cost $7500.
$3500— A rare buy; S-room house and lot, one
block from Market and Fifth sts.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
. 667 Market st.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO~
Room 2, 7th floor. Mills Bids.
WEBSTER STREET.
Flats: annual rental $864; very desirable prop-
erty: $9750.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.
Improved property; 37:6x120; $8000; make offer.
PIERCE STREET.
Flats; lp perfect order; well rented; price
{4500.
DEVISADERO STREET.
Two fine prooerties to close an estate: each
lot 27:6x100; excellent Improvements; $4500 and
$5500.
.-. FORTY-FOURTH AVE.
Eighteen lots; $2000; easy payments; fine spec-
ulation. -
BARTLETT STREET.
Nine-rooms house; fine large lot, 63x117:6;
JSOOO.
FREELON STREET.
Tenement fiats; will pay big income; a bar-
sain at $2750.
SCOTT STREET.
Fine flats; large lot, 55x137:6; annual rents
$1230; $11,000; no less; a first-class investment
GREEN AND FILLMORE STS.
Fine corner lot 6S:9xS7:6; fine marine views;
a great bargain at $6250.
RAYMOND, BALD-WRf .& CO.,
Room 2, 7th floor, Mills Bids.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property. *
$2700 — Pays big interest; Zoe, near Third and
Bryant; rents $360 per annum; In good order.
$600— Valencia-st. investment; 2 good houses;
rents $45; lot alone worth the price.
Choice lots: Hyde and Francisco: 15 minutes
from our office; superb view of bay; corner:
35^112; $3500; inside lots. $1750.
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut st.,' west of
Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$1200— Lot Stockton, near Chestnut; 22x85;
flats here will pay bis income.
$1500 — Lot on north side Fulton, near First
ave.; faclnc park; on car line.
$3500— Lot In Potrero, corner Vermont and So-
lano; 100x110; street graded and sewered.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
RARE DOWNTOWN CORNER INVESTMENT
One Block From Baldwin Hotel Site and Tlvoll
Theater.
Lot 20x60 feet and Improvements in same
block sold for $26,000. This is only 1-3 frontage
of above and less depth.
203-211 Mason st : two stores and two lodg-
ing-houses: 60 feet frontage; will pay S per
cent on $75,000.
For further particulars apply to
A. M. SKECK.
• 667 Market st
SANTA FE— POINT RICHMOND.
The coming city at terminus Santa Fe R. R.
Where ship and rail meet.
Graded streets. All lots level..
$125 and up. $10 cash. $5 monthly, j
McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery.
Sole Asents. '.: '¦'. \ ¦_,-
$1600— WORTH a great deal more; 100x125 and
good 4-room cottage; at Ocean View; one block
from cars; lots all level. . .
$1100— Cheapest lot in the district; street bi-
tuminized; Eighteenth st, near Noe.
$1000— Price reduced; 4-room cottage and nlc»
level lot: Banks st, near Cortland ave.
$250— Worth $350; very cheap lot on East Park
st ; Holly level: close to the electric cars.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
A GENUINE bargain; first-class Sixth-street 1
business and flat property; $250 month; $C0CO
' a year Income: rents are very low. so It's al-
- ways fully occupied: only $25,000 for this 75x90
foot lot, fully covered by 3-story bay- window
building, containing 4 glass fror.t stores and
eipht 7-room flats; all in Al condition; you'
can't equal it in a thousand years' hunt.
N. D. SICKELS, the land agent, 6 Geary st.
$2500— FOR house of 8 rooms and lot. 25x83H:
on Mission st; new cottages of all kinds for
sale on easy terms. Inquire at D. COFFIN'S
cigar' store, 29th and Mission; open Sundays.
FOR sale as a whole or m subdivisions; &)-
vara lot; south line Union st. ; 137 :8 feet east
of Pierce. Lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:8 feet. Inquire of.
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real .Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery st -
SELECT your lot anywhere, we will buy it for
' you. erect a bouse to suit and sell It to you
on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st. ,
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent* to any address In th*
United States or Canada one year for $1. .
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
AT less than halt actual value— WelNlmprovefi
900-acre, Sonoma Co. general farm for $3000;
-.-though only 30 acres are now cultivated, there-
are fully 100 acres more easy to bring under
• cultivation; all good grain, fruit or vineyard
soil; balance Al wood hill pasture: will carry
fully 50 cattle. 100. hogs and all work stock; ai
money-maker; watered by living creek and
several springs; includes household furniture.
farm tools, some stock, etc.
. . .HERE'S ANOTHER.
. "Snap"— Only $1400 for this nicely improved
and fully equipped lovely home and money-
making 80-acre foothill ranch; only 6 miles
by fine level county road from nearly 8
acres of very richest of level black loam under
cultivation: 100 bearing , fruit trees. »,i-acre-
blackberries, including 3 very large am> pro- :
liflc orange trees: good 3-room residence;
barn, sheds, several poultry houses, rock cel-
¦ lar: water piped from spring; Includes horse,
cow poultry, wagon, incubator, all farm and.
carpenter tools, etc.; everything goes ; 1CC0
cord of wood in pasture. ¦ . ;
N.; D. SICKELS, the LAND AGENT. 6 Geary. •
AN ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Santa Cruz Mountains; 62 miles . from San
Francisco: elevation 120ft feet; unexcelled place
for private sanitarium: ocean view.
- 1458 full-bearing fruit-trees, consisting of
prune, peach, cherries,: walnuts, pears, ap-;
pies, fies and chestnuts.
1S00 vines in full bearing; choicest tabl» '
grapes.
25C0 vines; Corrtlchon grapes: 2 years old.
House of S rooms, barn and outbuilding?:
all furniture and farming Implements go with
the place; price $4250: $2000 can remain on ¦
mortgage. Address D. BRITTON, 432 E11U it.
— —^5dLJ5^^ED ::r MALE_Con.
or operator: call Eun-
' O*Vry It. ° r Monda y- A - KAHN, 142
V \^VT^?T^ Ok r*- and eeCOn<1 elrlS ' t:5 and m -
CATTLLLS. £25 Eighth ct. Oakland.
1 ' 10 * Government positions— About
thlVv??^ ttn , ents la " }ear: Prob^y 10.00C
iiiiJi ' °. nIy c °~rocn school education re-
?,£»«?-• catRl0^e of information free. Colum-
man «-orrespondenceCollege. Washington. P. C.
Tn ,V S ' riVO , RTHY Persons in each State to
nli- .Se bUEiness cf wealthy corporation; sal-
i, « cash each : Wednesday from head-
expense money advanced. Man-
_ECC. «25 Caxton building. Chicago.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
Rood opportunity to right man. F. PERSON
room 412 .Parrott building.
A— STEADY man with S200 cash can make $75
a month. Apply at 20S Kearny et., room 1.
A GLOVE and ribbon salesman with retail ex-
P f rience wanted. Apply P. L.. box 4572, Call.
TWO sack-sewers; tnenty able-bodied men for
warehouse work. 206 California Et.
WANTED— Boy in confectionery, not under 15
years. 15C3 Geary st.
V.' ANTED— 2 first-class woodcarvers.- \VM.
KRAFFT. 5TS Twentieth St.. Oakland. •
1C0 QUARRTMEN wanted. Apply C32 Mont-
gomery Ft.
EXPERIENCED packer for. wholesale grocer.
Box 4566. Call office.
FIRPT-CLASS 3-cha.ir barber ehep for sale.
SS Ellis Bt. "_ • -'.
52 PER day for 2 or S rood solicitors. _
Columbian building:. • ;"-; •
WANTED — Cash boys ]4 vears of age and over
Apply at HALE BROS. :
WANTED — Young man 16 to 18 years of age.
Apply at HALE BROS.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesmen.
Apply bet S ar.d 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Et.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard Bt
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs Eecond-
nand shoes 'for sale: 5Oe up. 241 Third st
WANTED— A good photographer and router.
Address box 443S, Call office.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. SI up; eoiing 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $60
monthly secured after el?ht weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved : examinations
and diplomas riven free: complete outfit of
tools donated; wagres while learning-; more j
calls for our graduates than can be supplied;;
call or write at once for free catalogue and j
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, |
625 Clay st.
"WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
lets than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak end read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
tewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo. Crockett and Pert Costa until
further notice. By crder Bay Counties ¦Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 922S.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. "17 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: 11 to t2 per — eek.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
•bus and bejrrage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
y~ HORSES AXD) WAGOXS.
: t'j HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
227 Sixth Et. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— One or two horses, color black. 16H
hands, 1200 or 1300 weight, 6 or 7 years old,
for carriage or hearse. THEODOR DIERKS,
'.''¦" Mission ct. San Francisco.
20 HEAD broken horses. 1200 and over, from
ranch JAS. FARIS JR., Sacramento, at
CHASE'S Salesyard, 1732 Market gt
BUGGY horse, jrray mare. Just from the coun-
try: 6 years old: etyliEh. gentle and sound. £24
Capp «t. .
BOYCOTT the Roberts Harness Co.; he cells
too cheap. 64 Eighth St.
2 PAIRS of fine carriage horses: very stylish.
eound. rood-looking. Golden Gate Stables.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & BON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, eingle ; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. £32 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, lfi pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one, year for $1.
postage paid.
HORSES WAJVTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or fire months* work. Apply at 28 Montgom-
ery tt. room IS.
HOSPITALS.'
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarlum. 230 Douglass St.. San Frandaco.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for dr-
cclax. G. H. TJMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. KS«— Elegant sunny resi-
• dence, 12 to 14 rooms and bath; fine marine
} view; targe garden; heaters; » dancing halls.
* HOUSES TO LET — FDRMSHED.
FURNISHED house of 7 rooms; all modern im-
provements: sun all day; rent reasonable to
rood tenant ZSS6 Twenty-third st. between
Mission and Valencia.
LOST A.VD FOU3TD.
LOST — MastiS. name Don; lumps on front legs;
under doctor's treatment Return immediately
for treatment. 1502 Golden Gate ave.; reward.
LOST— At ferry Thursday morning at 11 o'clock.
mourning veil; reward. 3440 Twenty-second-
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter Bt. needs old
gold to make new watch cases.
TTanted— Old gold and manufacturing. O Nolte
Jeweler. 24S O'FarreH. bet Powell and Mason.'
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call
18 pages, in wrapper, for ma lllng. fl per year*
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887; reliable & con-
fidential: lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, upbol-
etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to US Powell st;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 9S7
Market et.. corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
<5ie»' epecialist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DA VIES-
original method of treatment: maternity
home; staxnp for circulars. 1126 Market S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
tkla diseases, y w. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The 'Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing tl per year.
f Ml__a AJ\U MIM.NG.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS.
A meeting of shareholders is called at the
office of the American Guaranty and Trust Co.
Saturday. August 10th. at 2 o'clock p. m., to
perfect organization of Advisory Board and
elect delegate to annual meeting of sharehold-
ers, to be held at the home office of the Mon-
tezuma Mining Co., Tacoma, Wash.. September
10 next. Notice has been mailed to all share-
holders.
The president's report under date of July
2nth will shortly be eupplemented by a circu-
lar from this office illustrated by photographs
made in and about the mines. We will send
this and other new printed matter to any ad-
dress en application.
The Montezuma Mining Company's properties
and management have met every demand made
upon them by shareholders and others, and
the company stands to-day on a solid footing.
'':;_-• :'¦¦ price of shares. 'X '"¦
Shares (par value tl) for a limited time at
ISc cash or 21c on Installments: Don't a*k for
lower prices. We reserve, the right to wltnj
draw these quotations without notice.
A fimt-class unlimited ticket, including Eleep-
lng car privileges. San Francisco to Tacoma
arid return, to the purchaser of £000 or moro
— <«tares. Money refunded if purchaser is not
/VitiEfied efter inspection of mines.
v Write to-d»y for prospectus and reports.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY _ TRUST CO..
,". s Selling Arenta,
S10 Safe Deposit Bulldlnr.
San Francisco, cal.
MIXIXG. ¦
WANTED by . practical miner, mining prop-
erties in Mexico, Arizona or California; will
develop and promote, furnishing money and
machinery, or bond and lease; no schemers
need rejily. Address H. G. LOWER, Occi-
dental Hotel. ¦ -
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 5d-hand machinery. Mc-
IJCTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-387 Fremont si.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs. linoleum, new ann
seccad-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOOXAN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1021
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
(ENGINE for sale-Horizontal Corliss; cylinder
16 inches diameter: stroke 36 inches: 16-ft fly-
wheel; driving pulley 10 ft. diameter by 30
Inch face. Apply Cal. Barrel Co., 327 Market
St.. S. F.. Cal.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophoncs,$j to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50: 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Colombia Phonograph Co.. 12o Gear>.
AIR compressor. 3 slzee. a, 10. 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
. tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting wonts : steam
and water power. J. B. Jardlne. 220 Fremont..
A GENUINE Spanish guitar, has a sweet tone,
and finger-board, easy to play, at a low price.
Call and examine any time during the week,
233 Fourth St. ¦
A— RUYS sells or rents pear, machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear Et.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suit* $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
/CLOTHING PARLORS. 427 Montgomery, st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber lath brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
FOR sale— The bar fixtures, chairs, pianos,
safe cash registers, etc., of California Hall,
620 Bush Et. Call between 10 a. jn. and 4 p. m.
CHICKS, thcrouclibred Houdan and Minorca
Cockerels. Inzleslde Poultry Yards, S07
Mount Vernon ave.
TO let— Llcht delivery rie or peddler's outfit.
2231 Market St.. bet. 15th and 16lh.
FOR sale— Instantaneous freezer; on exhibi-
tion one week. F. S., 87 Third st.
$10— DOMESTIC pewinsr machine, with attach-
I ments. 1571 Market St.. near Twelfth.
ROLLER canary birds, raised here and Eome
imported,/at LOHMANN'S. 3163, Sixteenth.
BOOKS— Historic, scientific. 1215 Lindea. st,
Oakland.
A LOT of pranite. fire escape. 50,000 bricks, at'
. ANTHONEY'S. near Second, on Mission st.
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry, cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand, 126 Kearny, r. 29.
FOR sale — Xe* 15-h. p. Union pas engine of the
latest type. S. & G. GUMP CO., 113 Geary st
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
GASOLIXE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: ail lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 621 Mission st.
WE pay big prices for ladles* sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
SD-HAKD machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. "White, 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California St.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
all sires; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56. Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $K
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ALL check stamps and stamped checks bought;
also documentary sumps. 100S Call building.
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical roods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
AX^LV^TIAWAN^L^ATrTOMPANY.'
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in-
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages /
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery £t.. room 3-.
HERMAN MURPHY\603 Examiner bulldlng-
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and yifu need more money
sea HERMAN MURPHY;\603 Examiner bldg.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which pedple can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc ; do
not borrow of your: friends or you. will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10/ 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount;. 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates 'in probate, interest
in estates.- legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos _ sealskins, at lowest rate of interest.
» Grant ave.. near Market; tel. r Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelfy at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
125,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER, 897 .Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial Room S, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
vratchee, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price? for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. L
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal ;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 11« McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. 8.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309. Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate.^ 222 Sansome et., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. .
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
| B^EY^VAXTEp.
LOANS wanted in amounts ranjrinr from $500
to $12,000 at S to 7 per cent Interest per an-
num; choice real estate security: references
furnished: principals only. Address R., box
45E7. Call office. . . ¦ ¦-:
MUSICAL IXST RCaiENTS.
ALL planoT purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY&
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
' . price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; eome good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
'ptelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
: ft*., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth at. Oakland. . • ¦ *.
STECK, Baldwin. Ludwlg. Everett, Packard,
Conover, Ellington, Straube, Gllmore, Kings-
bury. Cable. Smith & Barnes. Wlllard. Dun-
bant.' Chickering Bros., Brooks and Valley
Gem — these are the makes of pianos sold by
the new piano house. THE WILEY B. AL-
LEN CO.. 833 Market St.. S. F. (Branch, 951
Broadway, ¦ Oakland.)
$150 CASH will buy a fine upright if sold with-
in a day or two; we have also other good
things to offer and will make It worth your
while to call; we are agents for the "old.
original and only Decker piano." THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Bt. •
ANY piano sold by us taken back, any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; coets you oniy 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER &. CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
st; established 1S50. •
A SURPRISE awaits all who are Interested in
the eelf-playing piano; the Cecil ian is the lat- !
est and best; you are Invited to our dally
concerta. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st ,
Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co.,
Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester, Hamilton. and
Splelman pianos. .'-.'... :'>.¦'¦ ~-l
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
' BRUENN, 208 Post »t > - . - , .KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Emigration to Siberia.
The emigration of Russian peasants to
Eastern Siberia, and especially to the Ua
surt territory, is going on at a' feverish
rate. • During the first three months of the
present year nearly 3000 people left Odessa
for Vladivostok. One single steamer car
ried 800 emigrants to the far east. Most
of .the emigrants are from Southern Rus
sia. — Indianapolis News." ¦... -.-..
.J 11 ™. 1^ steamer afloat in 1881 was
the City of Berlin, now the United States
transport Meade,. with a length of 520 feet
and a displacement of 8000 -tons. A decade
S, te . r< ' ;I ? m 1 H 1> ' the lar eest was the City of
¦M?V 56 ° f^u lon , s ' uld • displacing some
16,000 tons. *: Thus,, in ten years, the dimen
sions pi the largest vessel has been more
than doubled, and .with deep harbor chan
nels and lonper. and larger docks, the next
twenty years are likely to see a continued
if not an equal, Increase.— Philadelphia
Times.'. •*.;¦•' ¦•.: ¦ ¦ -.
Steamers Grow in Size.
FLOW OF RIVEBS.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLY3 FERRY.
Following la a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling SO California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are •
from J. B. Lipplncott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
n°^ n W .-. McDer , mott ' Elle n J- and j h
roll to Hibernla Savings and Loan Society lot
on S line of San Jose avenue. 50 W of Willow
street W 50 by 8,150. block N. Pioneer Home!
stead Association. Alameda; $10.; ... T *""*".
Edward N. Sell to William S., Scofleld and
Hattie I. Heath, all interest In lot on S line
Oak avenue. 160 E of Webster street. B 40 h£
S 140, lot 17.- map subdivision lots 2~*-3 4 Tand
42. Glen Echo Tract. Oakland: $100 * "-
« E ' ?-i e \l, t0^ W - Ecker ' aH Interest in lots
39 and 40, block B. map resubdl vision block B
Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn TowLSlpi^'
Joseph and Harriett Westall to August T
Llgnell. lots 63 and S4 in ,block -A Westali
Tract, Brooklyn [Township; $10 ' " rCSta »
Same to George L. ; Marshall , lots 44 -to 47
block Q Laurel Grove Park. Brooiflyi Town
snip; «10. f? *i^Otf 1 tfv{mf0if^u r m.\^kagj^^ :^krnr i
William or J. W. G. Hoff Schneider, to Arthur
Hoffachnelder. lot on S line of Milburv etr»t
480 E of Spring. E 58:10 by S 205, portion Cam
eron Tract, East Oakland; gift. vwruon «- an >-
Albert Kayser to Augusta Kayser all Inter
est in lot on S line of Seventh street 75 w of
Webster. S 100 by W 23, block 64. Kellersber
ger's Map. Oakland; $10. «". .
Milo S. Templeton to Laura S. Templeton
lot on N line of Sixteenth street, 66S*i e «f
Sa n crOa E kllndr$^0. 104:9 ' "^AS
Imogen Barnes (Campbell) to Stacy M Nlrh.
ols, lot 13 and N 25 feet of lots 9 to 12 in block
E. Page Tract, portion of Chlpman'3 E 111 687
acre Tract. Alameda; $1100.
George C. HIggins to George Plummer all
Interest in lot on E- line of. Sherman street 100
N of Central avenue. N 23 by E 150, in block
20, map property homestead Mary A. Fitch
Alameda; $10. > > . '
N. J. and F. C. Parker to Continental Build-
Ing and Loan Association, all interest In lot
37, : In block A. map Frultvale Station Tract
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim' deed; $100
Henry Behnson to Meta Behnson, lot on S
line of Tobler street. 120 E of Bray avenue E
29 by S 178.52. Lamp Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: gift, ./in.
Kate A. and William C. Hull to Frank W
Baker, all Interest in lot on SE line of Walter
avenue. 40 NE of Laurel street, NE^40 bv SE
132.50, lot 25, block - N. Amended T&ap Moss
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10 '
Kate F. and Frank H. Robinson to Charles
J. McClain, lot on N line of Bancroft wav 100
W of Milvia street, N 134.64. E 10. S 135 to be-
Tr^No^tBerSeK ™* Sha " UCk
O. G. and Eliza B. May to Emma G. Mentz
(wife of Charles. F.), all Interest in lot. on S
line of Hilsrard avenue,. 150 W"«f Euclid W
50 by S 125. block 7, Daley's Scenic Park
Berkeley, subject to balance due on mortgage
Nannie P. Hook (widow) to David Mitchell
all interest in lot on W line of Union street!
340 N of Twenty-fourth. N 50 by W 230. por
tion block 644, Boardman's Map, Oakland- $10
M. and Eliza E. Rlnehart to Benjamin F*
Lewis, all Interest In lot on NW line of Sixth
avenue. 112:6 SW of East Ninth street. W 143
by S 32:6. block 3, Clinton, East Oakland; $10
Oakland Building and Loan Association to
Vincentla C. Golden, lot on SW line of East
Twenty-first street. 100 NW of Twentieth ave
nue, NW 50, SW 140, SE 38, NE 28, SE 12. NE
112. map portion block 53, San Antcnio, East
H. T. • Holmes to The H. T. Holmes Lime
Company (corporation), lot on N line of Oak
land avenue. : 256. 17 NE of Santa Clara avenue
E 60 by N 125, block G, map Linda Vista Ter
race; $10. ' *.
Carroll and Ethel G. Holmes to Harry "W.
Nelle, lot. oh S line of Logan or Thirty-sixth
street. 624 W of Telegraph avenue. W 40, S
119:11. E3S.VN l»:10%, being lot 3, Map B,
portion estate A.- <?. Brown. Oakland; $10
Gecrge W. .'Austin: (Blngle) to Frank A. Rob
erts, lots 20 and 21. map Austin Park. Oak
land: ilO.
Evelyn F. Yamdley to Franklin H. Perry,
lot on N line of Blrnle street, 100 E of Broadl
way E 50 by N 100. being the^E 50 feet 0 7 lot
k^waasisras" place - re - record ot
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE -TRANSACTIONS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S McCwldy. Arcata.
R R Hughes & fam,
York. Neb
J H Shoemaker, Iowa
"W "Wilde. Cal
C McCrory, Ohio
J Mitchell, Denver
J F Hitchcock, Cal
F Van Blarcom. Cal
E T Ellis, Llvermore
H Vivian. Los Ang
A F King, Sacto
J B Davis, Cal
Mrs Engleslas. Cal
P J Murtha & w. Cal
A II Bernsch. Mo
O Backer, St Louis
H McFarland & fam.
New Orleans
P Kennedy. N Y
J Byrne. Chicago
C Mason. Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Holcomb, Nebr
Sara Garrett, Nebr
Mrs Peck & s. Portld
A R Kelly, Omaha
"W C Lambert, Omaha
S V Haskell, Portland
\V A Veith. Fresno
L P Wilcox. Chicago
"W Ballance Jr. Peorla
F Brister & t, Ohio
S E Perlberg. Chicago
G Rommelss, Chicago
J Gale & w, Orovlll©
Mrs Duke. N C
Mrs Crawford. Redlnds
Miss Crawford, Redlds
Miss A Hassett, Sacto
J N Gillett, Eureka
J P Mattes. Iowa
G Harris. Minn.
"W E Starr. Detroit
J W Elwell, "Wash
C D Green, Pendleton
Mrs M Manning. Cal
Anna Eagle. Cal
W D Madigan, Stocktn
Grace Simpson. Cal
Mrs B A Strauss. HI
E L Strauss, 111
L S Strauss, 111
G A Heim. Fresno
W 3 Durkel. N Y
Dr Gaston, Salinas
. E E Cooper. Cal
J Batcheldcr &w, Bstn
O Scribner. Bakersfld
J W Roper. Chlco
, L W Roper, Chlco
J B Selander, Chicago
J Rotchild, Chicago
C C Carroher. Chicago
Mrs Dr Ross. Sacto
G L Miles. L Ang
C J Booth, Redding
i F Parker. St Paul
i M Rosberg & w, Mont
O Navert, Alvarado
U R Carman. Cal A
W BurharrL S Rosa. 'J
G Turner. Modesto
R E Holt, Stockton
. T Conroy. Iowa
G S Malone. Stockton
R Inglls. Stockton
. W Sears & w, Omaha
Mrs Harmes. Omaha
W R Ormsby, Sacto
L Aaron. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
T F Joseph, Seattle
L L Gray, Fresno
S G Shaw, Denver
"W T Phillips, Toledo
M H "Whlttler, Los A
S J Smith. St Louis
Mrs S J Smith, St L
Mrs J R Hopkins. Ga
R F Hopkins. Ga
"W Crosby. Cal
J H Emmet. Ariz •
Mrs Emmet, Ariz
Mrs E Doll, son. Wash
Mrs A E Murlln, "Wash
Mrs C A Sheets. S Jose
J S Blair, "Wash
Mrs Blair, "Wash
E Everhardt, Oakland
J F Farraher, Treka
Mrs Farraher, Treka
F W Williams, N Y
Mrs "Williams, N Y
Miss C N Lewiston.Tac
C E Pearsall, Eureka
Mrs Pearsall. Eureka
H Hand. Callstoga
R J Here, Plttsburg
W M Roberts. Chicago
. Mrs B "Wendell, Boston
B "Wendell Jr., Boston
B Young, Omaha
W Mahl, N T '
M S Gardner. N T
C S Price, Salt Lake
C J Titus, Cal
Mrs Titus, Cal
i E Cawston, Pasadena
i Mrs Cawston, Pasaden.
• F "W Brewell. Phlla
P H Morris. Phlla
"W H Morris, Phlla
E F Ross, Newark
Miss 3 K Steel. Mo
G A Derkey. Chicago
J Derkey, Evansvllle
Mrs Derkey, Bvansvill
! J T Harrington. Cal
"W G Small. Cal
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
The conduct recommended in the foregoing
letter Is generally observed by the members of
this club, but there are some owners of auto
mobiles who have not learned to respect the
rights of others and who can be restrained
only by the strong arm of the law.
As the matter la now before your commit
tee I will ask that I be notified In advance of
any meeting- where the subject will come up
for discussion, and either myself or the attor
ney for the club will appear and ask the privi
lege to make such suggestions as may be de
sirable and proper.
Must Not Invite Hostility.
Until the horses become accustomed to this
strange machine there is bound to be accidents,
even with the greatest care, but It is the ut
most folly to Invite bitter hostility by indiffer
ence to the fears as well as the rights of those
who use horses. We are fond of saying that
the automobile has come to stay. So it has.
but while It Is being established we want to
get all the sport out of It that we can, and
our enjoyment will be seriously curtailed by
restrictive legislation unless we make friends
Instead of enemies of the traveling public
This can only be done by the utmost care and
even kindness to those whom we meet on the
roads. I desire especially to urge that you .
avoid mountalnour roads as far as possible. J
There - is no denying the fact that It is abso- <
lutely dangerous to the horse-propelled vehicle.
and its occupants to meet an automobile In
such a place. It Is quite true that no law can
keep you oft any public highway, but every
time you frighten a horse under such circum
stances you have made new enemies to our
sport, and we all have to suffer therefor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Aug. 3.
The automobilists of San Francisco have
appealed, through the president fcf their
organization. F. A. Hyde,' for a hearing
before the Board of Supervisors when the
petition of C. A. Plummer of Centerville
for passage of a restrictive ordinance
regulating the use of the machines shall
be taken up by th^ board.
. Plummer declares he deems regulation
of ths handling of the horseless vehicles
on county roads to be necessary because,
as he writes, "of the willful neglect of the
rights of those who- use vehicles drawn
by horses on the county roads of Ala
meda, through the presumptuous and
dangerous manipulation of automobiles
on the said roads."
President Hyde's Rejoinder.
President Hyde/ speaking for the Auto
mobile Club of California, writes as fol
lows:
I beg to express th« conviction that Mr.
Plummer' ¦ complaint is . In some cases 'well
founded and that It Is eminently proper that
the Board of Supervisors should by ordinance
remedy the evils of which he and others have
Just cause for complaint.
On this subject I quote as follows from a
circular letter sent by me on the 12th inst. to
the members of the club:
It Is observed that there is an Increasing
feeling of hostility manifested by the people
'around the bay of San Francisco against the
use of 'automobiles on the county roads and
driveways and this is due in a large measure
to the conduct of a few people (generally not
members of this club), who, by reckless driv
ing and lack of consideration for the occupants
of passing vehicles, have caused accidents and
fright to the drivers of horses. To the
thoughtless few I desire to say that It is not
a question of law, nor the rules of the road,
but common humanity as well as self-lntere3t
that should Impel you, when meeting a pass-
Ing vehicle, to first check your speed In every
case and move 'to one side and stop short
If you see that either the horse or the driver
Is frightened by your appearance.
State Club President Hyde
Wants Hearing Before
Supervisors!
Blame for Automobilists
Who Are Given to
Recklessness.
SAYS CHAFFEURS
ARE NEGLECTFUL
% ¦¦ . - _. . .. . . ¦¦¦-.. ' -. -¦ .; , -.
THE SAN /"FRANCISCO iCALL., SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1901.
30
DATE.
Second Feet, j
1300. 1301.
-liTng Co. Total
- Cinal. 1301.
1300.
1301.
July 21
July 22
July 23..
July 24.. ......
July 25....'....
July 26
July\27.. ..:...
502
423
422
262
342
202
152
22S5'
2255
2285
2430
2285
2080
1900
•
7
7
7
7
7
.7
7
2292
2292
2292
2497
2192
20S7
1907
DATE.
Second Feet.
19C0. 1901.
July 21
July 23 ...
July 23........ ............
July 24
July 25 .
July 26 .
July 27
3980
3980
3980
3980
39S0
3980
3980
4170
4170
4170
4170
4170
4170
4170
DATE.
Second Feet.
1900. I 1301.
July 21
July 22
July 23 .
July 24.
July 25
July 26 v
July 27 •-
973
972
90S
849
780
723
676
; 4870
! 4300
4870
4490
3320
3920 _
3600 f
DATE.
Second Feet, j
1300. 1301.
-liTng Co. Total
- Cinal. 1301.
1300.
1301.
July 21
July 22
July 23..
July 24.. ......
July 25....'....
July 26
July\27.. ..:...
502
423
422
262
342
202
152
22S5'
2255
2285
2430
2285
2080
1900
•
7
7
7
7
7
.7
7
2292
2292
2292
2497
2192
20S7
1907
DATE.
Second Feet.
19C0. 1901.
July 21
July 23 ...
July 23........ ............
July 24
July 25 .
July 26 .
July 27
3980
3980
3980
3980
39S0
3980
3980
4170
4170
4170
4170
4170
4170
4170
DATE.
Second Feet.
1900. I 1301.
July 21
July 22
July 23 .
July 24.
July 25
July 26 v
July 27 •-
973
972
90S
849
780
723
676
; 4870
! 4300
4870
4490
3320
3920 _
3600 f
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
RENT anew Franklin typewriter for $1 week
:•. and have your >worlt ¦ in sight. CUTTEit
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. SO .(twenty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
. Saturday, August -10, 1901. • Transfer" books
closed on Saturday, August 3, 1901, at 12
o'clock m. H.:W." THOMAS, Secretary.
DIVIDEND -NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 32, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
-stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Cali-
fornia st, San Francisco, on August 10, 1901.
1 Transfer books close August 3. 1901, at noon.
A. A. SPARKS. Secretary. .
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of the C. ,Q. M., Vancouver Barracks.
Wash., July 30, % 1901. — Sealed proposals, in
.triplicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., August 13, 1901, for furnishing and de-
livery at Fort Walla Walla, Wash., J 26 Stand-
ard ' Artillery Horses. - Delivery to commence
within three weef»»after, award of contract
' and to be completed within 60 days thereafter.
Preference given .to 'animals of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of quality and price being
-. equal. U. S. reserves the right to reject any
.or all bids or any part thereof. For further
information see circular to bidders or apply
to this office. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for Artillery
Horses," and addressed to the undersigned.
J. W. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
, OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SPLENDID LIST OF VALUES. '
$12,500— Finest suburban home around Oak-
land; elegant 10-room residence; 5 acres of
choicest fruit and shrubbery; superb location;
fine neighbors; great sacrifice; cost $25,000.
$3650— Ideal suburban home; new colonial
style; 8 rooms; 2 acres choicest fruit; every-
thing Al shape. : \ Tr.'. \
$1450— Must sacrifice; bank mortgage $1200 can
remain; 2 years old; Dutch colonial cottage, 4
rooms, reception hall, porcelain bath, mantel,
gas fixtures; street complete; a pick-up.*
$18,000— Cost $27,000; one of the choicest homes
in Oakland; construction, architecture and lo-
cation the finest; heirs are forcing a sacrifice;
built in 1S91 and in fine order.
$5000— Handsome modern 7-room flats; up ¦ to
date in every detail; rents $50 month; choice
residence location. '
$3100— Near Clinton station, East Oakland, and
within walking distance of Broadway; extra
good 2-story 8-room house, 3 years old; worth
$4500; corner lot; this is a choice home bar-
g— In. ,. ; •'*-;.. i%
JUST COMPLETED. . ,
$4000 and $4500 each— Two handsome (latest
architecture) S-room residences, fronting beau-
tiful Telegraph ave.; the terms we will make
to suit you; cheaper than rent; see- us for full
particulars. 6'; \
A special sacrifice— $7500; . Alice st, Lakeside
district; 12-room home;- owner non-resident;
offer wanted; must sell; cost $12,000; see this.
See us for Oakland Real Estate.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Offices and Salesroom,
460 and 462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
$100 DOWN, balance about $15 per month. In-
cluding interest; plain but comfortable house
of 7 rooms, bath, hall, sliding doors, front
porch and basement; very sunny all day and
in good condition; Insured for $800; nice little
' barn, driveway and garden; city water in
house and barn; a forced sale on account of
owner's (departure for the East;, total price
only $1000 on Installments; liberal discount for
a quick cash sale; street work all done; near
San Pablo avenue and local trains to 6an
Francisco; title perfect and guaranteed; bank
mortgage; investigate at once.
GEO. W. AU6TIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand new
house of 6 fine, large sunny rooms, "with por-
celain bath and sink; elevated lot; 40x150 feet
(note the size); near. Grove st. ; street work
all done; a pretty cozy home at a sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— PAIR of flats (10 rooms) and rear, cot-
tage, suitably located for a boarding and
rooming house; would rent for $37 per month
steadily; lot 37x140 feet; near local station.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broad way, Oakland.
$7500— ELEGANT home of 11 rooms; two baths;
sloping lawn; cement basement; furnace;
large finished attic; lot 70x125 (note the size);
two blocks from Adeline station; fine neigh-
borhood; estate must be -closed; cost $12,000;
investigate at once. . - -
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$150 CASH, $10 monthly— Fine business corner,
125x120, fronting two main roads; superb soil;
choice climate; grand view; for business or
residence this excels; come and look into this
bargain; only $590; time limit 1 week; it lays
near a fine 3-story schoolhouse, electric car
line, 2 churches close by; 12 nice homes gone
up within 4 months; adjoins East Oakland.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh st, op-
posite Broadway station, Oakland. HENRY
Z. JONES, Owner.
$150 CASH $6 monthly — Cottage 3 rooms, hard
finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a fine home for
Email family or bachelor; near a fine school,
electric cars, church and town hall; 100 fami-
lies located within 3 years; soil, climate and
view the very best; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price in all, $425, to make speedy sale; see
this at once. Call or send for cricular, 455
Seventh St., opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
SOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS.
Hotels for sale. .
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores. .
Drug stores.
Fifty good farms for sale; eome for exchange.
' Business property paying 6 per cent net on
investment.
Colony property from 10 to 25,000 acres..
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
Large list; may exchange. ¦
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains," 952
Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale— In East Oakland, a new 7-room 2-
story house, just completed August 1; modern
and well built; situated on Tenth ave. ; choice
nelghborh"bod; high elevation; near car line;
15-minute service to Broadway; lot 50x150;
price $4000. B. H. WELCH, 5th ave. & 18th st.
FOR SALE— At a sacrifice: a lovely cottage of
5 rooms and bath; large barn, chicken houses
and fruit trees; close to electric cars and
schoolhouse; lot 50x173; all in the best of con-
dition. F. W. STEPHENS, 5970 Colby St.,
Oakland. ,
OAKLAND ROOMJ AKD BOARD.
SUNNY room and board ; two, $36 per month.
610 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
FOR HOUSEKEEPIIVG.
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Housekeeping rooms,
$10 up; others $6 up.
BRADY, 39, off Market— 2 sunny furnished
rooms. $6 and $7 a month; private family. .
EDDY, 933 — 4 unfurnished sunny rooms; pri-
vate residence; no children; fine location.
ELLIS, 1127 — 2 nicely furnished sunny rooms;
-- complete for housekeeping.
ESSEX, 12 (Rlncon Hill)— Large sunny rooms,
housekeeping; also single rooms.
FRONT housekeeping room, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $1 75 to $2 per
week. Apply at shoe store, E63 Mission st
FOURTH, 225—2 nice housekeeping rooms; also
sin_le rooms. -
FURNISHED and unfurnished rooms for fam-
ilies with children; large grounds; first floor.
Apply 620 Folsom st.
569— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms. Call Monday. •
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1021— Three rooms fur-
nished for hskpg..; bay-window and bath,
HARRISON. 731— Four rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $16; bath.
HYDE, 408— Sunny alcove unfurnished suite &
3 rms. in basement; also furn. suite, $16.
JESSIE, 812, near Ninth — 3 unfurnished rooms
cheap.
LAGUNA, 902—3 sunny furnished front rooms,
each suitable for 2; 2 housekeeping cheap.
LARKIN, 804 — Large sunny front, $10; 2 house-
keeping for $10; other rooms, $4 and $6. . v
LEXINGTON ave.. 376, near 21st st— 3 sunny
furnished rooms. for housekeeping; kitchen;
complete., -. . -.. . -
MCALLISTER, - 515— Front . furnished alcove
suite; two closets; hot and cold water; gas;
bath. \ " «.
MINNA, 28 — 4 nice sunny furnished front house-
keeping rooms; cheapest in city. • .
OAK, 119— Large sunny front room; furnished:
housekeeping; stove; closet; $10; basement
room; yard; $6. ¦ . ,
POLK, 1002—3 ' and 6 room suites, . completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
TEHAMA, -327%— 2 or . 3 nice -housekeeping
rooms; hot and cold water; kitchen complete.
TURK, 123— 2 large sunny rooms, furnished
well; large yard; $15. * * : : .
TURK, 625— Solar fTats; fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; Janitor.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 2952, corner Bryapt— Sunny
bay-window bedroom and kitchen complete
' for housekeeping; gas and coal stove; no
children.- . . -.- . . ¦ ,'
WILLdW ave., SO— Unfurnished alcov« and ad-
Joining room' and bath. .
WILLOW ave.. 30— Large front alcove and ad-
jolnlng room. ¦ • . .y ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tut script Ions has been established at 1096
Valencia st ~ ¦' v '¦-'•. . ',.<. • '.
ROOMS TO 'LET— Fnrn. and Unfara.
ROOMS " - — -—— '.;TO LET. ; .1 .'.
A — For rooms, apartments," 'housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with ', or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny st; tel. 2334 Red. .-, :¦¦__ :. •;
A— BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason st; 100 newly
furnished rooms, 50c up; electric lights 1 and
. call bell* In every room; elevator,; baths,- etc. - r
first-class; central; quiet; gentlemen." only. -
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best " $1 • a
day : family, hotel In city; polite I attendance;
large rooms, 5Gc up; meals/ 25c; free coach.
A^BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.' .,;
ARGYLE, 234 McAllisters-New; elegant sunny;
¦ grill attached; country visitors find no. place
." like "the Argyle; take McAllister-st, cars.' ';
SIABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: -
Alfred Olson. • 45, city, and Katharina W.
Carlson, 31, city.
Abraham . E. Zonnevylle, 3S, Redding, and
Mary McKee Brown. 33, Redding.
David Jacobs, 45, Hotel Savoy, and Ernestine
Schlesinger, 42, 1405 McAllister street.
¦ Nicholas M. Pedersen, 42, city, and Mae J.
Tibbetts, 30, city.
Manoel A. Machado, ' 37, 65 Jackson street
and Maria A. Dali women to, 20, 65 Jackson st.
Carl W. Nelson, 27, 1117 Hampshire street,
and Augusta Armstrong, 34, 1117 Hampshire st.
• Earl L. Wallace, 23, 9 Willow avenue, and
Bertha Stephenson, 18, 9 Willow avenue.
George A. Paul,- 24, San Jose, and Mabel E.
Mau, 20, 724 Harrison street.
Frank Graffenberg, 53, 1204 Powell street, and
Johanna Hinkens, 48.' 1204 Powell street.
Louis Costa, 21. 409% Pine street. -and Katie
C. Lagomarsino, 16, 638 Clement street.
Henry U. Bammann, 23, 3S5 Shotwell street,
and Margaret F. Flanagan, 22, 212 Capp street.
Frank J. Lang, 36, 20 Page street, and Lizzie
V. Wuestefeld, 21, HA Clara street.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NO. 118— $2250; S-room cottage; fine neighbor-
hood; three. blocks to Berkeley Station; easy
payments.
No. 122— $1200; 6 rooms and attic; corner lot;
EOxllO; a big bargain.
No. 119— $1750; 6 rooms and high basement;
attic floored; three blocks to local; one block
to electric cars. ¦ .
No. 132— $6200; block of 4 flats, well located;
all rented; excellent Investment; owner going
Bast; must be sold.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Real -Estate and Insurance,
, Opposite First National Bank.
NEW 7-room 2-story house, porcelain bath,
mantel tiled sink, gas and electric lights;
all modern and up to date; lot 60x100;- 2 blocks
from station and one-half . block to electric
cars; price $2000; $300 cash; balance monthly.
J. R. PERKINS, Lorln station. Berkeley.
$2250— ON monthly payments, elegant modern
cottage Just completed, 6 rooms, bath and
all modern conveniences; near station. Mc-
BRIDE, Golden Gate station; take Berkeley
train. ¦
BERKELEY— For rent furnished house of 6
«¦ rooms, pantry and bath; £118 Channing way, 1
block from steam and electric cars at Dwight
-way station; garden, fruit etc.; large lot 50x
S00; gas, water, stable, etc; come and see.
BERKELEY ROOMS. '
NEAR CARS — Two nice, sunny- suites of fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping or will
rent rooms with board;, terms reasonable. Call
1724 Delaware st. near Grant. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FRUITVALE. • . .
Charming site for suburban residences In this
favored location.'
FOR SALE IN SUBDIVISIONS.
This tract of the Derby Estate Company,
bounded by Frultvale ave. and Old County Road
and continues to East 14th st., the main coun-
ty road from Oakland to 6an Leandro ; large
lots, 50x155 feet; houses built to order and sold
on easy terms.
This tract commends Itself to the attention of
home-seekers by its location amidst the most
beautiful homes, its close proximity to the rail-
road station, the local trains giving half-hourly
.service to and from San Francisco in 45 min-
utes' travel at the rate of 10c single fare and $3
monthly commutation ticket; being situated
lust outside of Oakland city limits, it is free
from city taxation and has all city conveni-
ences, namely: Oakland electric car service,
electric lights, macadamized streets with fine
sewer system and conduits for water and gas
supply already laid; the climate is most excel-
lent; commercial prospects are assured by the
early completion of the Government canal, con-
necting Oakland harbor to San Leandro Bay;
Frultvale 'ave. Is the main thoroughfare to the
canal; new school houses and churches in the
immediate neighborhood. For maps and full
particulars apply at the office* of
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station, Cal.
51075— Cottage of 4 rooms; S closets, high base-
ment; all cemented; stable and chicken
bouses;; corner lot 55x105; .connected with
main sewer; only 4 blocks from Fruitvale sta-
tion.
$1375— Choice bargain; new cottage of 4 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; gooa brick founda-
tion: bath,' closets, pantry, chicken house; lot
- 175x150; all fenced; fine location; Just the place
for raising- chickens.
$1675 — Modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; fine mantel; corner lot; 2 blocks from
Frultvale station; must be sold at once.
$1600— Cottage of 4 rooms; all furnished; fine
well, windmill and tank; stable, chicken
house, 150 chickens; incubator, brooder and
brooder house; fine cow and 2 pigs; lot lOOx
150; all fenced.
Chicken ranch of 2^ acres; good house of 4
large rooms; barn, 10 chicken houses: good
well, windmill and tank; for rent at $10 per
month.
Stock and fixtures for sale, consisting of 100
chickens, 90 pigeons, 50 ducks, 8 chicken
coops, 2 chicken houses, large brooder house,
2 Incubators, fencing, etc. For particulars ap-
ply to
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station. Cal.
'fSOO— WILL buy a lot 50x170 feet in Forest
Park; we will loan you* the money to
build; payments earns as rent
$1350— Will buy cottage of 4 rooms, bath, man-
tel, etc: lot 50x176; 16 bearing fruit trees;
Forest Park.
$1200— New house of 4 rooms; lot 60x170; $30,0
cash, balance $11 60 per month.
$1200— House of 5 rooms and bath; lot 112-112:
barn, etc: no payment down; Just $16 SO
per month.
$800— House 7 rooms and bath; large lot; flow-
ers, fruit trees, bark, chicken houses;
$11 20 per month; no payment down.
$800— House of 5 rooms and bath; lot 45x145;
well and city water; chicken house, barn,
etc. ; no payment down ; $11 20 month ;
near Elmhurst.
$400— Lots on Frultvale ave.. south of railroad
track, within 1 block of station.
Money to loan in any amounts.
The Home Building Company, south side of
railroad track, on Frultvale ave., or 222 San-
some st. S. F. W. E. RUDELL.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS IN OAKLAND
For Sale by
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 803 Broadway.
$1500—40x150; north side East Seventeenth it
between Fourth and Fifth aves.
$1250—30x100: west side Alice st. between Sev-
enth and Eighth. - ,.<•.-•
$1800—10x125; west side Myrtl* st. between
Twelfth and Fourteenth.
$800—60x135: west side Eighth ave!, between
East Twenty-flrst and Twenty-second sts.
$600—40x100; on A thai ave., near East Nine-
teenth st: Peralta Heights.
$1250—50x135; east side Eighth ave., between
East Seventeenth and East Eighteenth sts.
$1000—50x150: east side Tenth ave., between East
Twenty-first and Twenty-second sts.
$1750—300x100; on East Twenty-flrst - st and
Twenty-seventh ave.; bargain.
$35 per foot— 41x100; wee"t sido Telegraph
«.v«., near Thirty-third st
$750—60x110; east side Telegraph ave., near the
university.
$2600—100x100; southeast corner West and Lydla
eta.; will subdivide. .
$50 per foot — On beautiful Boulevard Ter-
cace. off Webster St.. between Twenty-
second and Twenty- third; finest property
in Oakland; lots any size.
$1700— 43x100: east side. Filbert st, between
Twelfth and Fourteenth.
$1050—25x100; west ( side Madison st near
Eighth.
$55 per foot— On Harrison st, near Du-
rant: lots any frontage by 150 feet deep.
$2650—50x125: on west side Webster st, near
Durant
• WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
$3500 PBOPERTT— Our price $2400; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 40x120; No. 1 neighborhood; near
cars, schools and business centers; . street
work all complete: $500 cash; balance bank
mortgage; owner non-resident and must sell;
first come first served. -
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, - Cal.
$11,000— FINE flats; cost $16,000; only 5 block*
from business centers and fronting on public
square; now paying 10 per cent; they are new
and up-to-date and always occupied; owner
must sell.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3700— ACTUAL, cash value $5000; 62 feet front-
age; 9 rooms and bath; barn; splendid water
supply on premises; an ideal home; near busi-
ness centers; mortgage $2700, which can re-
main at the bank; must be sold this week; no
reasonable effer refused. ' .
J. S. MYERS & CO..
' 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$3250— THE handsomest new . house ever con-
structed for sale In this city: space too expen-
sive to extoll all of its charming qualities as
to location, construction, etc.; any one wish-
ing to buy a home on easy terms can get . a
bargain; It is only necessary to see the prop-
erty to be convinced of its .charming quali-
ties and the low price asked for the property.
The owner will make very easy terms to the
buyer who means business. - :
J. S. MYERS & CO..
_¦ 100J Broadway, Oakland, Cal. '
5 ACRES; Fruitvale, near Mills College; ele-
gant - level land;- a . corner for. sale. C. K.
KING, 952 Broadway. Oakland. . .
CHICKEN or fruit ranch; 6 1-3 acves; Walnut
Creek; 500 trees, horse, cow, 100 chickens, nice
home; $2500. C/ -K. KING, 952 Broadway,
Oakland. .
STOCKTON— 2 houses, $3500; trade for Oakland
or Sen Francisco house. C. K. KING, 952
Broadway, Oakland.
$60f— C ACRES, San Mateo Co., near Mavfleld";
Final I house and barn. C. K - KING 9i2
Broadway, Oakland. ' \ ' • ./.
$1150-<3ROCERY doing good business: horse,
delivery wagon, etc.; fine corner: bargain for
pome one; Investigate. ALDEN CO 111S
Broadway. Oaklan-J. • .;
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents— The Weekly Ca!]
. 16 cages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.'
BORNv
ANDERSON— In this citj* July 27. 1901, to the
wife of Thomas Anderson, a daughter.
BEPPLER— In this city, July 28, 1901, to the
wife of William Beppler, a daughter.
CALLAN— In this 1 city, July 28, 1901, to thV
. wife of James Callan, a son.
COBB— At Point Bonita Light Station, July
26, 1901, to the wife of G. D. Cobb, a son.
FLATOW-In this city, July 30, 1901, to the
wife ' of Israel Flatow, • a daughter.
FOLSOM— In this city, July 26. 1901, to the
wife of George F. Folsom. a daughter.
HERIOT— In this city, August 1, 190L to the
wife of Hugh K. Herlot, a son. ;
McAVIN— In this city, July 30, 1901, to the
wife of James J. McAvin, a son.
MOTT— In this city. July 31. 1901, to the wife
of Leslie C. Mott, a daughter.
POWERS— In this city, July 18, 1901, to the
.wife of George. Powers, twin daughters.
RODGERS— In this city. July 29, 1901. to the
wife of Henry J. M. Rodgers, a daughter.
SIBRIAN— In this city, July SO, 1901. to the
wife of Joseph Slbrian (nee Keller), a son.
THOMSON— In this city, June 23, 1901, to tha
wife cf A. B. Thomson, a son.
WAGNER— In this city, July 22, 1901. to the
wife of Edward L. Wagner, a daughter. - •
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with ¦ the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
COLEMAN— McMAHON— In this "city, July 30.
1901, by the Rev. Father O'Connell. David C.
Coleman and Fannie M. McMahon. ' -
MENDELL— JANIN— August- 1, 1901, at the
New Old South Church, Boston, Mass., by
the Rev. Warren Low, Georce H. Mendell
9 Jr. and Mary Belknap Janln. .
OSGOOD— TOLFORD— In .this .-'city, July 23,
1901, by the Rev. W. M. Bours, Carl H. Os-
good of Oakland, Cal., and Edna E. Tol-
ford of San Francisco. • J*
REIGHLEY— MURRAY— In this city, July 31,
1901, at St. John's Episcopal Church, by the
,Rev. Louis C. Sanford, Lyster G. Relghley
and Annie E. Murray, both «f San Francisco.
MARRIED.
JShanahan Florist Co.
w /WTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
- J^r/ces Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.n_,rELLJS 25H?5O56
: (Successor to Flannagan "& Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
- Telephone South 80. -.¦ \
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
ROO9IS ' TO LET—Pom. and Unf urn.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third — 200* rooms,- newly
. renovated; 25o to $1 night; phone. Black 4915.
BURNETT, 1426: Market (old No/ 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 727— Furnished room for gentleman; gas,
bath; reasonable. . - •
CLARA, U66,. near Fifth— 3 rooms. '
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis.' cor. Mason— Elegantly
• furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210-^Elegant parlor floor suitable for
doctor f also single and double rooms.
ELLIS, 705— Nice sunny room; use of parlor
and' piano; reasonable. . ¦ : ¦ •-.
ELLIS, 1014— Newly furnished sunny front
-room; rent reasonable.- - " ¦' : ' ¦ " : -' ¦ - -
FOLSOM, ; 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week. '¦• • -^ . ¦..-.-,• '¦ . ¦¦-¦ -
FOLSOM, 834— $1 10 week; large sunny furnished
room; running water;. bath, private. 7
FRANKLIN, 507, near McAllister— Large sunny
front room; no housekeeping; phone.
GEARY," 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single ;. travelers accommodated.
GEARY. ¦ 1012— One sunny furnished room, : with
use of telephone.* . - — -
GOLDEN GATE ave., 520— Large ( sunny front
bay-window room; gas and bath! ¦
GRANT, ave., 29— Has changed • hands ; ele-
gantly furnished sunny suites; also single
rooms,' $2 per week and upward; electric call;
telephone. , • , .
.GROVE, 149— Furnished front bay-window
room: no sign. ' . '¦'. '-;
HATES, 136, cor. Van Ness— Neat sunny bed-
room, suitable for gentleman; rent. $6.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
. Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-claas;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms;. en suite or single. " ' —
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. .
MARTINET, ilOl Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath: single rooms $10 up.
MCALLISTER, 736— Large front room to let.
MINNA, . 667, 1 corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient
NATOMA. 731V4-7-2 clean ' sunny rooms, $5 and
$7; private family. •
NEWLY and elegantly furnished, rooms in
gore building, cor. Market and Van Ness
ave.; gentlemen preferred; references.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week,-mo.
PINE place, 6., off Pine st., between Mason and
Taylor— $10; 3 large sunny rooms. ¦ -' -
POWELL, 923, corner Clay — Furnished rooms;
sunny; reasonable; central; cars. . ¦ . ..
OAK, 109— Nice double room suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen. ,...', : -
OXFORD.' 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms. $3 week up; translent.
POST, 827— Nice' sunny back parlor; rent $10;
small room for gentleman, $4 a month; single
room,' $7. . :
POWELL, 812A, . near Calif ornia— Convenient
single room; lady preferred. . .
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis-Incandescent light;
reading-room, s smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground- floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN, Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
. near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121 — Sunny furnished front room;
bath, closet; $3 60 per month.
SIXTH, 123V4— Nice sunny front rooms, with
gas stoves. . r . -
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap..
TAYLOR, 518— Small sunny front room with
folding-bed; gas and bath; $7.
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all sunny -rooms ; references.'
THIRD, 203", near Natoma— Sunny newly furn.
rooms; modern improvements; gents preferred.
VAN NESS, 402—3 connecting furnished sunny
rooms; stationary- tubs; yard; private en-
trance.
WELLINGTON. 75 3d— Nicely furnished rooms:
modern improvements; rooms $1 50 week up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. .received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia, st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
.N ROOMS AND BOARD. ~~"
UNRIVALED furnished, rooms ; best corner In
Oakland; unsurpassed family table, 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103 J ,4 Broadway, cor. Twelfth st.,
third flat. Oakland. . -
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm beltl
j new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board ; unexcelled. Tel. Church 118L
ELLIS,- 1184 — Sunny rooms, single or en suite;
new flat; modern; everything new; excellent
board; references extra; also table board.
HAIGHT, 326— Large double parlors, two man-
tels, newly furnished; best private table
board; other rooms.
HYDE. 1218, near Clay— Just opened; first-class
private boarding-house; home comforts with
hotel service; references. ' :
SUNNY front room, en suite or single, with
board, bath and every convenience ; reason-
able. 524 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Stevenson mansion: select
family hotel exceptional table;attractlve rms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By - a lady, quiet, sunny, unfuf-"
nlshed room; $3 or $4; south of Market; per-
manent 1115 Mission st. . . ..-
j ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By man and wife, S or 4 unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. Box 4577, Call.
WANTED— By a lady, email unfurnished room;
state price. Box 4574, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES. . v
LADIES-rChichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
NOTICE— We are responsible for our photo
and coupons as they iare printed;
positively no v«rbal agreements v with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait' Co.. 3 Taylor st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4;- collections made;
: city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st, rooms 9-10. tel. 5580.
Catarrh positively cured .with Chicago Medlca-
tor; trial free; send for circular. 935 Mkt, r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men; treated; con-
.Bultation free. America!? Dispensary. 514 Pine.,
SEWING : MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL: kinds bought, eoldN«nted, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. ' Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought; sold, rented, exchanged :'re-
palrlng; lowest rates: phone Mint 45, 145 Sixth
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
Marke*. bet. 7th and 8th; other machines.
P^E^CE^RUD^L?H^sTo7agT^wid^M^vlng^Co^
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. - Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st ; tel. ¦ HSward 941. ; F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. »Maln 1840 ; . shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture ¦ Moving Com-"
pany, 2320 Fill— lore St.; phone ' Jackson 281.'.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
CASM ALI A Ranch OH and Development Com-
pany — Location and j principal place of. busi-
ness, San Francisco, Cal. ; location • of works,
; Santa Barbara County, Cal. Notice is hereby
¦. given that at a nfeeting of the board of di-
' rectors ; held on the 30th day ¦ of July, . 1901,
' ' an assessment of - four : cents ¦ per share ¦ was
B levied upon 'the: capital stock of the corpora-
tion, payable Immediately to. the secretary, of
' •said corporation, at ' its office, , room ' 304 Claus
Spreckels building, southwest corner of, Third
and Markef. sts., San Francisco, Cal. ' - Any
v stock upon t which . this assessment - shall : re-
main unpaid on the second day. of September,'
, 1901, ".'will., be : delinquent . and advertised* for
sale at public (auction,' and unless payment is
"made will, be sold on the 19th day. of Septem-
; ber, ¦ 1901, to • pay the delinquent assessment*
together with costs- of . : - advertisings and '; ex-
penses " of sale. - T. H." CURLEY," Secretary.
Office, room - 304, -, Claus • Spreckels :i building,
southwest corner Third and 'Market sts., San
FratioiBcn. C_al_ - -. . '^
REAX LSTATB — COUITTRY— For Sale
A— SPECIAL EACRTFICB.
Absolutely one of the choicest fruit ranches
In this county, near Haywards depot and
Haywards cannery; SI acres fine full-bearing
fruit: modern city etyle home; property cost
$25,000; reduced to $16,600; mortgage SSOOO;
cash offer wanted: must eell. LAYMANCE
REAL ESTATE CO., 460-462 Eighth st, Oak-
lead.
1 LOT In El Paso de Robles; HI front by 300
feet deep, R2S.
SO acres In Sams Valley, Jackson County,
Or.; good fruit land; house, barn, well, creek;
x fine climate; no frosts: on county road; near
school and railroad: J600 or trade; clear.
H. G. WHITTLE. 1X1 San Pablo ave.. Oakld.
THE FAMOUS ALTA PUNTA RANCH.
On San Pablo avenue.
3 miles north of Berkeley,
S-acre lots — Easy terms.
Electric road franchise granted through this
property.
Good soil— Fine water.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery et. S. P. .
FINE stock farm of 620 acres, near Marysville:
<80 acres wheat. 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed; -water right
to 20C0 Inches of water goes with place; ditch
wjll cover several thousand acres; water
right alone Is worth price asked tor place:
this must be sold to close an estate; price $25
an acre. Box 476. Marysville. Cat. - -.v .
FOR SALE NEAR Si.N FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Kan Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st, for pam-
phlets or Information.
FOR Hendodno County stock ranches and
farms address TV. M. PEERY, XTklah. CaL
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list
Woopter. Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WIXFIELP. Petalnma, Cal.
A -WEEK'S news for E c«ntSr-The "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE}.
LARGE and small houses for -sale, leas* or
exchange: building lots and land by acre. J.
TUySTEAD. San Anselmo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. '
GREAT BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Homes for Sale on Easy Terms.
Here are some good values:
$930— Good "7-room house; lot 48x141; near
tiains and schools; a bargain.
J153O— Fine 6-room cottage; large lot; good
location.
J21S0 — 7-room cottage; large lot; must be sold.
52S00— Great bargain; 7 rooms and bath; lot
40x125.
$3250— Fine 8-room house; lot 40x207; windmill,
ftable. etc.; Central ave. ; a great bargain.
A fine lot 50x150, on good avenue; only $630;
a snap. -.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park et.. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$400— CORNER; 40x100; bet. Bay and Grand st.
stations.
$600 Lot near Morton st. station.
$1000— Lot near Morton st. station.
51200— Lot near Grand et. and Central ave.
IMPROVED.
$700 — Cottage of 4 rooms.
£1000— Cottage of 4 rooms.
$1150— Cottage of S roomi.
$15C0— Cottage of 5 rooms.
51600— 2-story of 8 rooms.
JISOO— 2-Etory of 7 rooms; windmill, etc.;
larse lot.
All near schools and stations.
Bargains in improved and unimproved proi>-
erty in all parts of Alameda.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay station, Alameda.
IStW— Lot 52x125 with 4 room-house, near sta-
tion and schools.
$1200— 5-room cottage; In fine location.
J1900— 5-rocm cottage (modern): nicely lo-
cated.
$2500— 6-room modern 2-Etory bouse; this Is a
beautiful borne and must be seen to be appre-
ciated.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2S28 Santa Clara ave.. near Park st.
ALAMEDA — nd Frultvale bargains for invest-
ors and houseseekers on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc; best location: fin-
ished in oak, blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated: lot E5xl70 feet
SPECIAL.
Two modern cottages, S rooms and bath;
sear station; J1S00.
A- R. DENKE.
Webster-st Station. Alameda.
$1300— NEW cottage of 6 rooms, with lot near
Ftation ; $300 cash and $12 60 per month. J. H.
YOUJCG. IMS Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADYERT1SEMNTS.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000— $100 CASH; balance $20 per month; new
6-room cottage; only one block to Aehby Eta.
and electric cars; fine mantel and sideboard;
porcelain bath, tiled Eink. stationary tubs;
fire gas fixtures; sewer and water connected;
ready ,to move into; will rent for this any
day; see the cottages I have at Golden Gate.
Lorln, A_hby and Berryman station. W. C.
MORAN & CO.
$2500— NEW 7-room cottage; all complete;
every modern Improvement; fruit trees: fine
garden: ten minutes' walk to U. C. grounds;
finest view in Berkeley: grand neighborhood;
call and s;e our list W. C. MORAN & CO.
• 51500— NEW 6-room cottage; corner lot 40x100;
$200 cash, balance $15 per month. W. C.
MOHAN & CO.
$7C0— $100 CASH, balance $10 per month; S
rooms, well and tank; lot 50xlS0; two blocks
to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1500— FOR 1 week only; 8-room house: cost
S4S00; corner lot 45x100: eewer and water all
connected. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$500— LOTS in the Wheeler Tract; see the new
- houses going up In this tract; now Is your
time before prices raise; only 4 short blocks
to U. C. grounds. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$150 TO $400 per acre In Schmidt viyage.
$10 cash, balance $5 per month.
W. C MORAN & CO..
Lorln and Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
A BARGAIN— $5500. ~
House of 7 rooms, bath and good stable: lot
100x130; In best part of Berkeley; north of
Dwight way and east of Fulton st. LITTLE
& WOOLSEY. 2060 Center et, Berkeley.
$1000— EOUSE of- 5 rooms; lot 60x130; Sixth st.
near Dwight way: terms easy. LITTLE &
WOOLSEY. 2060 Center St.. Berkeley. CaL
TO EXCHANGE. "~ '.
A modern house of 6 rooms, bath; lot 45x135;
handy to electric car and train; for a ranch
¦within 100 miles of San Francisco. LITTLE
& 'WOOLSEY. 2060 Center St.. Berkeley.
TO LET. I
$35— House of 10 rooms, bath; good stable:
large lot: near the university. LITTLE &
WOOLSZY. 2060 Center et. Berkeley. CaL
homes in Berkeley] j I
$S50. cottage, 4 good sited rooms ; $1000; 4-
room cottage; $1200, 4-room cottage, large lot:
81400, 6-room cottage, fruit flowers: $1650 6-
room new bouse, fine bargain; $2000, new 6-
room cottage, large lot lovely view; $1600. 6-
room cottage, large lot easy terms: $2400. fine
?-room cottage at Lorln: $1800, S-room cot-
tage, wlndmllL stable, chicken house; $2750
6-room bouse, near station, easy terms: $4000
fine 8-room house, nicely located; $3250 6-
room house, near college; $7200. lovely 14-room
house, built for owner's UBe; $5000, new ele-
gant up to date S-room house.
Come and examine our large list of prop-
erty. We can euit you. . *^
*,-» _ E -*-TOFF & WILKINS.
- 2121 Center et. Berkeley. CaL
$UO0— HOUSE of S rooms; lot 60x130: east "of
railroads. . r" ol
$1500— Only one block from university, on sonny
¦Id* of street: well-built house of «
rooms; lot 60x185; street work done. .
$3000— A fine corner; lot 60x136; house of «
rooms, bathjrtreet work .all done; only
one block from station end near uni-
versity; a thorough bargain.
Only $2750— A fine two-story house of 7 'rooms
_nd bath: window shades, combination
fixtures; ca sunny side of street; a •bar-
f2300-Well-bullt two-story house of 9 rooms,
bath, etc: fine comer lot; near the sta-
tion and electric cars; all modern Im-
provements.
* J. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
CALL- and see the two new 6-room cottages I
am building; high basement: mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill-
«ni? llnl! _ !S _- 0 , B - R 6taU °n: P^ce only Juooi
£2L^&, H lance on eae y Payments. J r
PERKINS. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
NEW 6-room cottage, high basement mantel
folding doors, tiled sink, pantry, electric and
ga< fixtures; all the latest open plumbing-
only 2 minutes' walk to railroad station- tl
block to electric cars: price only $1800; $100
?"*• £?^ lce U k L r f nt - J * *• PERKINS,
Lorin Station, Berkeley.
FOR sale— In Berkeley, near university. 6 new
modern houses; small payment down, balance
came as rent: lot 40x135; street work com-
. plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
• trees on every lot; house ready to mo\ r e into;
; water connected; push buttons and electric
: fixtures; shades, mantels, bookcasegvand slde-
¦ board; 6. 7 and 8 rooms; from J2600 ut>; grand
| tnarln* view; cement walks; porcelain tubs-
•, two closets and fences. ' M. L. WURTS, ¦
Seventeenth ft and Broadway. Oakland. *
CREMATION.
The Odd 'Fellow*'..- Cemetery "Association
.-."~.. Point Lobos avc, i. F.. Cnl. : .
The '. ordinance • * prohibiting "•¦ burials ,' In San
Francisco after the "first day of August, 1901
does not rtfer to • CREMATION. I Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing . less harmful to the - living! than ¦ the
ashes of .their, dead." >' ; . . *,v , -
~ Permits • to cremate .will ¦, be :. Issued , by . the
Board of Health the same as ' heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manaeer.
27 and 29 Fifth st • Tel. South 167. , '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
Finest ' Equipment at Moderate * Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly, with McGinn Bros. , has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.,- bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
San, Mateo County. '
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
- .: "J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
|E7*Friends v and I acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, -from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr-& Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, - thence to St>
Anthony's Church, Army and Folsom streets,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her • soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. ; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
¦ [CyRemains at the parlors of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission
6t« et. near Twenty-first Notice of funeral
. hereafter.
DUNPHY— In Sawyers Bar, July 18, . 1901, P.
F. Dunphy, beloved husband of . Lydia M.
Dunphy, and dearly loved father of Mrs.
Guorgo . Shaw and Mabel, Frank, Milton,
Winnie and Edith. Dunohy, a native of
Gardiner, Me., aced 72. years 5 months' and
19 days.
FENTON— In this city, August 2.' 1901, Dolly
Whitman Fenton, beloved wife of Joseph C.
" Fer.ton. and dauRhter of Margaret and the
, late Henry Whitman, a native -of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 years 3 months and 11 days.
— B_TFrlends and acquaintances and members
of Artemis Circle No. 120, C. O. F., are re-
spectfully invited to , attend the funeral to-
. morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, -226 Sixth avenue, between Call
• f ornia and Clement streets. Interment ¦ Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car.
FRIEDMANN— In ' this city, August 3, 1901.*'
'Marcus," beloved husband of Anna Frled-
mnnn, - father of Mrs. Phlllpp Eisner and*
Golda,' Douglass and Salomon Friedmann,
and grandfather of Pauline and Miriam Eis-
ner, a native ; of Germany, j aged 67 years 1
T month and 7. days.
GHIOLDI— In this city, August 3, 1901, Colas-
tlna, dearly beloved wife of Adolph Ghloldi,
daughter of Mrs. • Katherine Imsand, and sis-
ter of Mm.' J. Baumgartner and Feronika,
Geoneva, Rosa and John Imsand. a native of
. Canton Wallis. Oberwald, Switzerland, aged
' 27 years and 10 months. . -
ICTThe funeral services will be held to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence,
_1402 Hyde street Interment private. !
DOCKUM— In this city, August 2, 1901, Jamea
A. Dockum, - beloved husband of Eva Ann
Dockum, a native of Ohio, aged 67 years 6
months and 27 days.
ALLEN— In Oakland, August 8, 1901, at 1663
Ninth street, Mabel, daughter of Walter S.
and Carrie Allen, a native of Oakland, Cal.,
aged 14 years 6 months and 20 days.
DALY— In this city, August 2, 1901. Violet
SouIA, beloved wife of George Daly, and
daughter of Mrs. Susan Soule and the - late
K. B. SoulS, a native of California, aged 30
. years.
Allen, Mabel . Levinsky, Mathilda
Daly, Violet S. \ Marlow, James -
Dockum, James A. I Marx, Ferdinand F.
Dunphy, P. F. Murphy, Catherine
Fenton, Dolly W. O'Brien, John
Frledmann. Marcus Shorten. Kats
Ghloldi, Colastlna Silllck. Anna
Grant, Mary • Stone, Gorhan s
Haley, Ruth SMllivan, Margaret
Hofer, Miss Christy Walthour, John F.
Kragen, Bertha Wilson, Alexander B.
Lee, Joseph F. .
DIED.
CARD OF THANKS.
To our many friends for their kind remem-
brance in our late bereavement. •
MR. AND MRS. W. E. HENRY.
years.
Op-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Comuany, 2473
Mission . street, near Twenty-first, at 1
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. August 3. 1901, Margaret Sullivan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 74 years. '
WALTHOUR— In this city. August 1, 1901.
John F.. dearly beloved Eon of Frank and
Walthour. and brother of Agnes and
Harcld and the late Helen and John F. Wal-
thour,- a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 26 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 76 Natoma street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILSON— I- Calaveras County. Alexander
Brooks Wilson, brother of Mrs. E. A. Brad-
ley of San Francisco and Mrs. V. M. Dean
and Samuel H. Wilson of Calaveras County,
Cal., aged 64 years.
GRANT— In this city/ August J. 1901. Mary
Grant, beloved sister of P. J. Grant a_ na-
tive of County , Kilkenny, near City ot Wat-
erford, Ireland, aged 67 years 4 months and
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother. P., J. Grant. 1518 Fifteenth
avenue south, thence to All Hallows' Churcn
for services at 1105 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross" Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. - *-—.-.
HALEY— In this " city, August 8. 1901. Ruth
Haley, dearly beloved daughter of Mortimer
and Mary Haley, and granddaughter of Mrs.
W\C. Vande water, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 2 months and 27 days.
HOFER— In this city, August 3, 1901, Miss
Christy Hofer, a native of Cincinnati. Ohio,
aged 46 years. (Cincinnati papers please
copy.) .
II_^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of ¦ Charles H. J. Truman & Co., - 318
Mason street, between O"Farrell and Geary.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KRAGEN— In this city. August 1. 1901, Ber-
tha, beloved wife of Samuel Kragen, mother
of Louis, Moses. Marcus. Simon, Ephralm,
Joseph and Esther Kraeen. Mrs. M. Garren
and Mrs. S. W. Lasky, and sister of Mrs.
, M. Priebatch. a native of Hamburg.^ Ger»
many, aged 69 years and 19 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited .to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resl-
«*~*" > e, 1510 Dolores street between Twenty-
''"hth and Twenty-ninth, and thence by car-
riages to New Salem Cemetery for Interment
LEE— At rest, Joseph F. Lee. beloved husband
of the late Hannah Lee. and father of Mrs.
Louise Donald and . Miss Ida A." Lee. a. na-
tive of England, aged 62 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 247» Mis-
sion street near Twenty-first. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
LEVINSKY-In Stockton. August 2, 190L Ma-
thilda, relict of the late John Levinsky. and
beloved mother of Arthur, Henry. Lawrence
and Fellcita Levinsky, a native of Ham-
burj r, Germany.
ESTriends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the residence
of L. Levinsky, 922 O'Farrell street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
MARLOW— In this city, August 1, 1901." James
! Marlow. beloved nephew of Mrs. M. M. Ellis,
a native of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 43 years.
EnyFuneral to-day (Sunday), at -2 o'clock,
from the parlors of the Western Addition
Funeral Directors, 2428 California street be-
tween Fillmore and Steiner streets. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MARX— In this city, August 1, 1301, Ferdinand
F. Marx of Elk Park, XiDa. beloved hus-
bai|d of Amalie Marx, a native of Germany,
aged 70 years 9 months and 17 days.
KJ" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from Mission Masonic
Temple, 2668 Mission street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street.
MURPHY— An anniversary requtem high mass
for the repose of the soul of Catherine Mur-
phy will be celebrated to-morrow (Monday)
morning, at 9 o'clock, at' St. Patrick's
Church.-
O'BRIEN— In Altamont, Cal., August 2, 1901.
John, beloved son of Mary and the late John
O'Brien, and brother of -Mayme. Anna and
Thomas O'Brien, a native of Altamont. aged
22. years and 1 month.
SHORTEN— In this city, August L 1901. Kate,
sister of William; George and Lizzie Shorten.
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 20
years 3 months and 26 days. .
{E7"The funeral will take place to-day
.(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ' ,
SI ir L . I 9 K T In , th £ , clty ' August 3. 1901, Anna
Silllck. dearly beloved daughter of John and
Anna Sillick, a native of San Francisco aged
6 months and 3 days.^
STONE— In this city, August 2, 1901, Gorhan
Stone, a native of Massachusetts, aged 43
'¦¦ AND SUPPLIES. .
GREAT- BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITER&^We
I ¦ sell • better machines for less money than any
house in the city ; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
, Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.EASTERN MARKETS.
"We are having the liveliest Dried Fruit
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
..WHEAT— Paris futures were higher.' 1 It was
a' holiday • at Liverpool. -./•• : -.•"- . ¦¦ ... i
¦ Chicago opened easier, on short selling.- There
were ; more ') buyers ' than sellers • at • the \ decline,'
however," and the' market turned strong, and "ad
vanced.*- The '.Northwestern 'crop .was reported
at -'aboutv 175.000.000 -.'bushels. Clearances "- of
"Wheat . and Flour ;,were » 1,250,000 1 bushels. • The
crop of Manitoba and the Northwest Territory
was r estimated '- at v about ' 55,000,000 " to 60,000,00*0
bushels . by,, the Minister of Agriculture. ~ Stocks
at; Minneapolis decreased' 909,615 bushels during
the week. ' . ' ¦¦;.- ¦ '
• This ; market ,- oDened higher on 1 call, but fell
Wheat .and Other Grains.
Several Thousand Acres of Valuable
Timber! Destroyed and Flames
Still Spreading.
BERLIN. Aug. 3.— A terrible fire is rag
ing •_ In : . the extensive pine forests ", near
Kaldenkirchen, on the Dutch-Prusalan
frontier. Firemen from all the neighbor
ing, villages, aided by „ the inhabitants
headed by their burgomasters, are . at
work trying to check the flames, but ¦ so
far without success. ;
. Several thousand acres of valuable tim
ber have been destroyed. Train service
through the district -has been suspended.
as the nre has reached the railway track.
The daraage.so far amounts to about
1.000,000 , marks . ($240,000). A stiff north
wind is blowing, and it is feared that. the
fire will reach the extensive forests In the
Aix-la-Chapelle district. -
EXTENSIVE FOBEST FIRE
. : I *• ON PRUSSIAN FRONTIER
Exchange and Bullion'.
-. "' : - • .•¦ •;.-": ¦- •-.-.,•.'¦¦-.' :.¦;-, ¦ ,*¦¦-'- '¦/';.¦ ; -.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days;.../.;— $4 86
Sterling, Exchange, sight......... — 4 8S%
Sterling Cables 1 . .... :..'... ... .....— 4 89%
New York Exchange,: sight... -— 07Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - -10
Silver, per ounce.. '..........."..."..,—* • 68%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.....:.. 47 @ -47V4
LOCAL MARKETS.
Kama M»ria— Beans continue blooming fairly
well; mustard threshing here and at Lompoc;
yield good, but area planted hereabouts small.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Riverside — Irrigation water plentiful; peaches
ripening well; grapes light crop, owing to
*Tring frosts.
Palermo— This year's dried peaches being
f hipped in carload lots.
Ventura— AH kinds of grain look well; also
!»te beets.
Holllster— Apricots nearly all dried; about
ene-quarter of normal crop.
Hanford— Fruit receipts, green, good; firy.
ertuxx. Grain doing nicely.
Na pa— Grain yield fair; quality good.
San -Jose— Plums cracking in all sections:
will run Kcnerally to larger size.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,095 barrels; exports, 7388 barrels; steady to
firm and quiet at old prices. Winter patents,
$3 55@3 SO;, winter straights, $3 25®3 60; Minne
sota patents, $3 70@4; winter straights, $3 250
3 50; Minnesota' bakers', $2 85@3 15; winter low
grades. $2 30@2 40.- - ;•
. WHEAT— Receipts, 64,650 bushels; exports,
68,143 bushels; sales, 2,740,000 bushels futures;
80,000 bushels spot; epot. firm. No. 2 red. 76%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, ; 74%c elevator: No.
1 Northern Duluth, 7894c f. o. -.b. -.afloat; No.
1 hard Duluth, 85%c f. o. b. afloat. ' Options
opened ' rather easy with corn, but were sub
sequently strengthened by covering, showers in
harvest Interests, large clearances ¦ and rumorji
of a good French export demand ln'the South
west, closed ¦ strong at %@%c ' net advance.'
September,' ;73%®74%c, closed 74%c;*. Octobers
74 3-16@75Hc. closed 75^«c; December, 75%@7G%c,
closed 76?ic:-ir " ¦ .- " . .-
HOPS — Quiet. State common to choice, 1900
crop. 13@18c; 1899 crop, 10@13c; r olds, • 2@6c: :
Paclflc- Coast. 1900 crop,, 13@17%c; 1899 crop, 11
@15c; olds, 2@8e. ' : -. -
HIDES— Quiet. California. 21 to 25 pounds,
WOOL^-Qulet. Domestic': fleece, 26@27e.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll'/4c.. Futures closed
quiet and net G@10 points lower. Total Bales,
12,750 bags, including: i September.' 4.90c;" Oc- :
tober, 4.S5c; ; November, Do; ;- December, . 5.15@
5.20c: January, 5.25c; March, 5.35c.-'- "•' -
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Tair reflnlns,' 3 9-16;;'
centrifugal, : 96 test, 4 6-32c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c; refined, quiet; No. 6, 4.75c ; No. "7, 4.65c:
No. 8. 4.55c; No. 9. 4.50c; No. 10, 4.45c; No. 11
and No. .12, 4.40c ;'.Nbs. ,13 and 14,'-4.30o; stand
ard A and confectioners' A, 5.15c; - mold 'A.
Northern * Wheat Market.
<:S'':-^ ' OREGON. . ' v-; ¦
PORTLAND, Aug. 3.-WHEAT-Waila
Walla, E5c. ' : '
... , WASHINGTON. ->"-,' _-.
TACOMA, Aug. 3.— WHEAT- Unchanged;
blue stem, 67^c; club, 56c. "
H C & S 5%s. .10614 — Sae-E G R 5s. S2K —
~ Do 5s...;;....-— -102% S F & SJV 5S.120U —
Los Ang R 5S.115V&116H Sierra Cal 6s.. 110
L A Light 6s.f — ,103.. S p. of A 6s'
> Do gntd 6S..100 — (1909) :..... \.111«112U
Do gntd 5s. .103- — ' (1910)- ........113 -_ ¦
LA & Pac 5s. 101 103 S P of C 6s
Do lcm 6S.102S — - (1905). Ser A. — ? 109«
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l26H128. (1905), Ser B.110 -Jr
Do 1 cm 6s.l23%124tf (1906) .........112«m
,Nev C N G 7S.105 114 -(1912) ........120vt -!
Nor R Cal 6s.lll% - S P. of Cal 1st
Do 53.... .118%— c gntd 5s . . . r 107 ' — ."*" '
Nor Pac C 6s. .101%— S P Br Cal 6s. —:¦—]•
Do os. ....... .105 .:. ¦ — - S V Water 6s.U4 : — '
Nor R Cal 5s.H0 113 . Do 4s ::...:.. 10VA —
Oak Gas 5s. ...112% — . Do 4a 3d mtg.101 • —
Do Trans 6s.ll7%119 Stktn Gas 6s?.— — •
:. Do Water 5s. 102 - 102% . - . : . '
WATER STOCKS. - -*-
»cSy: IS*- I SprlDS W:MB
\ - GAS AND ELECTRIC. •;
CenfL & P..:\4 < .5 : Pac , Light '.. '. . — * —
Equitable 4% — ' Sacramento .. — - —.'¦'
Mutual .t... -....- 4% -\ S F G & £..<.. 42% —
;Oakland ...... 60% El San Francisco. 4U r 4U
Pac Gas Imp. 43 — Stktn G&:K. r 84,—
- ~ - INSURANCE. ?:?:*;¦¦? ,'S ¦ •'.
Flrem's Fund. — 247 1
UNITED STATES. BONDS.
- -V -T ?-- BId.Ask. t '.'¦/, Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup. ..113 \WA\is qr ep (new).137 -138
4s quar. reg. .. .113 113H 3s quar coup...lOS%109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s. 106 — Oceanic SS 6S.102U102S1
Cal-st 5s... .....116 — . Omnibus C 6a..l26^ —
C C Water 5s. 107% — Pac G Imp 4s..— 10O
Ed L & P 6s.. 128^133% Pk &.C H 63.IO6 •' —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll7% — Pk & O R 6»..117 —
Geary-st 5s.. 1. — - — . . Powll-stR 6s. 120
SATURDAY, Aug. I— 12 . m.
STOCK AND' BOND EXCHANGE.
New York Grain and Produce.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, AuEr.-S.-^-Clearings, $226,484; bal
ances, $11,614. -f ' . '•-..-•-. ..
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— Exports of gold and
silver from this port to all countries for this
week aggregate $143,067 In silver bars and coin
and $10,000 in gold.
Imports -of specie thl» week wer« $132,891
gold and $66,306 silver.
Exports and Imports.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
LONDON. Aug. 3.— Silver, 26 15-16d ; French
rentes, lOlf 30c. Holiday In London and Liv
erpool. Indian ¦ shipments wheat to 'United
Kingdom. 2000; Indian shipments wheat to Con
tinent, 1000. ¦ ' .'¦ ¦
LIVERPOOL, • Aug. 3.— Weather In England,
fine. • . ,-' '. — ¦ - - ; -•:-;;-..•¦;•
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for the week are valued at $9,744,153.
Imports at Nezv York.
I Sales of stocks and bonds on the Bond Ex
change during the flrst^seven months qf the
year were as follows, compared with the same
time last year: Of bonds, $3,913,830, against
$2,711,330: of stocks, 266,121 shares, against
265,874. y ¦ - . . -.•¦¦-..
Sale3 onV the Producers' Oil J Exchange last
week were\26,956 shares, valued at $17,643, the
leading sales being as follows: : Bear Flag
220D -shares: California ¦-Standard, 2600; Inde
pendence. 3000; Juncticn. 3050: Lion/ 1000: Mon
arch, 1340; Occidental, 1316; Petroleum Center
4750; Sovereign, 1050; Twenty-Eight, 1800; West
Lake, 1000. -•' , ; ,! .
For Saturday business was brisk on the Stock
and Bond Exchange. Gas and Electric was
weak at $42 25(342. Oceanic Steamship sold at
J46. Honokaa was firmer at $15@15 12J5. There
was nothing new In the oil stocks.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW, YORK, Aug. 3.— The cotton market
closed steady, with prices 1@4 points lower.
MELONS— Nutmegs, * 25@60c per -box ; Can
taloupe!?, ¦¦ 75c per s half "; crate . and : $1@2 25 = per
large crate; ..Watermelons, 8@25c apiece. ¦¦¦¦'-
•- GRAPES— Fontainebleau I and • Sweetwater," $1
per box ; • Tokay, per crate : Muscats, 75c@~
$1 25; Seedless, $1 25@1 50; Black. 75c@$l 25. — „ ,:
. : CITRUS : FRUITS— Mediterranean ;- Sweets,
Valencias and St. .'Michaels, 75c@$3 50; Lemons,
$1- 50@3 - for '• common - and s $3@4 - for good^- to
choice: Grape Fruit.: Rflc@$l BO: Mexican Limes.
J6 50©7 ; • Bananas, I $1@2 per ' bunch ; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 50 per dozen.
APRICOTS — 30@50c;per box, , G0@75c per crate;
In bulk, ;$12 5C@15'per ton for Bmall and $20®
25 for lar;e.
CKABAPPLES— 40@75c per. box, according to
package. •< - . - . •
-PLUMS — 25@63c per box; Prunes, 60c® $1 per
crate;'- Green Gages, $12 50@20 ; per ton; Egg
PlUmS,-?20.'- - " fc- ;.
PEACHES— 30@50c ' per box and 25®50c . per
basket and $20025 per ton; for Frees and $S0@
40 for Clings. ¦;• . '-¦¦¦'*- -"•
•- NECTARINES— White, 25@35c per box; Red.
5C@75c. ¦-.-- ¦ .:-•
PEARS—Bartletts. $1 per.box for No. 1, 25®
60c • for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@5 for large berries.
- BLACKBERRIES— 53@5 per. chest.
LOG AN- BERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.'
, HUCKLEBERRIES— 8@10c - per lb.
FIGS^Black.r-^ — • per box . for single anil
— — for double. layers; White., $L
.- DECIDUOUS , FRUITS.
APPLES— 85c@$l 25 perbox for good to choice
and 40!S75c for ordinary. - : . . •
Lemons and Limes continue very strong un
der: lleht stocks, -and. Oranges are also firm.
Most of the Bananas here consist. of small
bunches, which gxplains the comparatively low
quotations. : - ; , ¦ ¦ ' ¦v/v;
Five cars of . Watermelons came in and sold
at steady, prices. Cantaloupes were also
steady, . but Nutmegs were very weak under
excessive supplies. . There was no particular
change In Grapes,, arrivals being moderate* and
about equal to the demand. Berries 'were
rather ' firmer, as usual at the - close of the
week.' 1 '-" - - '--..-:•¦¦ . .'¦--. •••.
The river boats have been coming In late for
several days, . and this, added to the strike, is
affecting the market. ': Yesterday's arrivals did
not apnear at the -stores until 11 o'clock/and
were not cleaned off the wharf until along In
the afternoon. Peaches were affected and were
quoted lower, and Bartlett' Pears also suffered.
Plums and Prunes kept up, for nothing seems
able to cause any decline of consequence . in
them ' this year. White Nectarines - in large
open boxea are neglected. V Apples are now
quoted weak, though a fancy 'Gravenstein will
still brine the too figure. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON, Aug. ' 3.— To-day 'g state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive-! of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able Cash balance,' $176,587,925; gold, $101,306,308.
Condition of the Treasury,
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— The local market for
metals had . all the aspects of a holiday. Inas
much" as the foreign . markets • will be closed
until next Tuesday morning .on account of a
banking holiday. Tin '.- was nominal at $27 73
@28. Lead, $4 37%. Spelter. $890@3 95. Copper,
lake, $16 50@17; -casting. $16 37%@16 62%. Pig
iron warrants, . $9 50@10. _ '
¦New York Metal Market.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Sunday; probably occasional light
fhowers In the mountains and foothills; light
southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy. unsPttled weather S\inday.
with occasional light showers; fresh southerly
winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tled weather Sunday; light southerly winds.
The depression now over Southern California
will probably move slowly northward, causing
occasional light showers over a large portion
of California. Light rain is reported at San
L>ipgo and Independence.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 4. 1301:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
¦weather Sunday; probably light ehowers in
the mountains and foothills; light southerly
winds.
Thunderstorms are reported In the Sierra
end southeastward to the valley of the Colo
rado.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
coast of California during the past twelve
hours. The temperature has risen from Sacra
mento northward and afternoon temperatures
as high as 110 degrees are reported at points
in the interior.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Receipts of Produce.
. FOR SATURDAY! AUGUST 8.
Flour,' qr sks 2,32? Wool bales 353
Wheat, ctls 430 Sugar, ctls 3 450
Barley, ctls 4,220 Tallow, ctls 309
Oats. ctls.... 5,800 Pelts, bdls. ....... 665
Potatoes, sks 3,255 Hides, No.; 267
Onions, sks 630 Leather, rolls 194
Bran, sks 100 Quicksilver, flsks 33S
Middlings, sks.... 136 Wine, jrals. ....... 11600
Hay, tons...O.... 209 Lime, bbls 455
OREGON.
Flour,' qr ska 6,212)
Temperature— 7 a. rr... 54 degrees.
Receipts of Eggs continue moderate and the*
market rules firm. Cheesa is also . firm, with
comparatively light receipts.
The strike of the - sailors and longshoremen
Is beginning to affect the Butter market, as
It threatens to cut down or delay the receipts
from, the north. The feeling is • accordingly
firmer.
Receipts were 52,100 pounds of Butter, 764
cases of ¦ Eggs, 438 cases Eastern Eggs, 6600
pounds of California Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20@21c per lb for fancy
and 19c for seconds; dairy, 15@18c; store But
ter, 12%@14c per lb. • 1 . .
CHEESE — New, ,10@10%c; old, nominal;
Young Americas, lie per lb; Eastern, 13@15c. |
EGGS— Ranch, 18@22c for; cood to fancy;
store.' 14@17%c- per dozen; Eastern, 15c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The opening, of the Dove season appears -to
be a mere formality thus far, as . none . have
yet appeared. Poultry is dull and nominal. •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9c for Gobblers
and 9@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks. 52 5003 for old ana
$3:?f4 for young; Hens. $4@4 50; young Roosters,
$E@6: old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, $4(gl 50,
Broilers. $3@3 50 for large, and $1 75@2 50 for
Email; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 2501 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25@1 50; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50
for Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, . S00,
mostly Texans. ¦ Market, v dull, j steady;
quotations mostly nominal. Good to . prime
steers,' $3 50@6; poor: to medium, $4 40@5 23;
stockers and feeders. $2 23@4 25; cows, $2 75@
4 60; heifers, $2 25@4 90; canners. $1 50@2 40;
bulls, $2 50@4 50; calves, $3@5 25; Texas steers,
$3@4 50. . -.-'¦-. ".
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 16, 000 ; Monday, 35,
000; left over, 4000. Bulk sold steady, closing
easy. Mixed and butchers', $3 60©6. 10; good to
'choice heavy, $5 85@6 12%; rough heavy.- $5 49
@5 75; light. $3 75©5 80; bulk of sales, $3 70@"
5" 93. -
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Dull. Good to choice
wethers, $3 75@4 ; , fair to choice mixed, $3 25®
3 50; Western sheep, $3 25/33 65; "yearlings, $3 75
@4 25; native lambs, $3 25@5 15; Western lambs,
$4 25@5 15.
BT. JOSEPH. v t
ST JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 3.'— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 181. Market unchanged.' Natives, $3 75
@5 80; cows and heifers, $1@4 80; bulls and
stags, $2@4 60; stockers and feeders, $175^)4;
veal calves. $2@5. , '
HOGS— Receipts, .4565. Market steady to 5c
higher.- Steady to strong. Light mixed, $5 60
@6; medium and heavy,' $5 85@6 15; pigs, ¦ $2 65@
5 15; bulk, $5 75@6.' .; ~ V .
SHEEP— Receipts,' none.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
- LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— * ' '" Sept. ¦- '{Dec.
Opening Holiday '
Closing Holiday.
¦ .. . PARIS. ;
Wheat— ... V .Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 2185 22 SO
Closing .....: 2183' 22 95
Flour— v ¦"•' - '
Opening ..27 60 . 2S 95
Closing ; 27.65 29 00
Mary E. Reilly (owner) with McCulloug;h
Contracting Company (contractors), plans by
owner— All work for a two-stcry frame build
ing (flat above and In rear), on SE corner of
Guerrero and Twenty-third streets, S 23 by E
ICO; $4700. - . . '
F. A. Colley (owner) with James A. McCul-
Iough (contractor) and architect) — All work for
two-story frame building, on E line of Guerrero
street' 133:5 S.of Twenty-fourth. S 29:4, E 110.
N 9 Inches. -E 30. N 2S:7. W 140: J4000. '
John T. Redmond (owner) with 'William
Plant (contractor), architect Rousseau & Son-
All work except plumbing, painting, electrical
work, mantels, shades and gas fixtures for a
two-story and basement frame building, with
concrete foundations (two flats), on N line of
Halsrht street, 112:6 W, of Devlsadero, W 25 by
N 137:6; $4050.
Builders' Contracts
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to same, lot on W line of Bellevue street
(extended S), 16.41 chains NW of Thirtieth, -W
1.30 chains, S 60 chains, E 13.50 chains, NE
12.62 chains, SE 7.61 chains. SE 3.2 chains. NH
6.68 chains, SE 13.37 chains, NW 40.15 chains.
SW 39.17 chains, NW 17.11 chains, excepting
blocks 13 and 14. map A, Castro-street Addi
tion, and lots 2. 5. 6, 19 an<J 20. block 1. lots
4. 5 and .9, block 2. lots 2. 8. 12. 32. 50. 51 anrt
58 block 3, lots 8. 10, 16 to 19. 22 and 24. block
4, lot 8, block 5, lots 4 and 13. block 6, lots 5.
6, 9, 10 and 14, block 8. - subdivision 1. Castro
street Addition, excepting lot at Intersection of
SE line of Chenery street and E line of bound
ary of Castro-street Land Company, SW 53:10%.
SE 67:5%. NW 45:8. also excepting 99.94 acre
as In deed Baldwin to Crocker Estate Com
pany, also excepting lota 4 to 49, block A, Glen
Park Terrace: $10. ¦ ¦ " -
Glen Park Company to same, lot on a line of
Thirtieth street. 207.50 W of Diamond. SE 202.
W 82.34. SW 173.74. SW 39S.26. W 62.13. NW
43.74, SE 2S2.S1. SE 237:10. E 110.92. NE 278.93.
8W 511.78. SE 115.43. SW 61.22. W 30.24, NW
131.77. SW 209.95, SW 283:10. SW 80. SE 36.68.
SW 905.89. SW 891.24. NW 3960.29. E 85.80. SE
1129.24. NE 1616,50. containing 99.94 acres: $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Crocker Es
tate Company, same ; $10.
Crocker ¦ Estate Company to A. 8. Baldwin,
blocks 1 to 9, subdivision Castro-street Addi
tion,' except lots 2, 5, 6, 19 and 21, block 1. and
lots 4, 5 and 9. block 2. and lots 2, 8. 12, 33, 50,
51 and 58, block 3, and lots 8. 10. 16 to 19. 22
and 24. block 4. lot 8, block 5. and lots 4 and 13,
block 6, and lots 5, 6," 7, 10 and 14, block 8; $10.
George H. and Lillian Davis to Edward Her
ingfhi, lot on W line of Princeton street. 100 S
of Dwlght. W 120 by S 100. block 77. University
Homestead; $10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Sylvia A. Hart, lot on S line of N street. 57:6
W of Tenth avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10. .
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Jacob
and Peter Schaefer, lot on "W Una of Thirteenth
avenue, 100 N of J street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Potrero.Land and Improvement Company to
Alfred and Maria Cross, lot on W line of Min
nesota street. 100 N of Twenty-second (Sierra),
N 25 by W 100; grant. r-j,-.
George M. and Annie Hughes to Lev! M. Kel
logg, lot on SE line of Stevenson street, 255 SW
of Third. SW 20 by SE 70; $10.
William McMahon to Isidoro Topinl, lot on
E line of Salmon street, 117:6 N of Pacific, N
40 by E 60: $1800. ' ¦
Frances Lowrle to William Cosble, undivided
one-sixth of lot on E line of Florida street, 130
N of Twenty-fourth, N 26 by E 100; $100. .
- Rebecca • Stelnhart (wife of George) to same,
undivided one-sixth of same; $100.
Bertha and Edwin L. Head to Garret and
James Van Ness, lot on E line of Columbia
(Florida) street, 130 N of Twenty-fourth, N 26
by E 100: $10.
Daniel Benslnger to Anna Benslnger, lot on
S line of Twenty-third street, 25 E of Hamp
shire, E 25 by S 95; gift.
L. D. West to Gesche Blohm, lot on N line of
Hermann street, 106:3 E of Fillmore, E 25 by
N 120: $10.
Elisha and Annie J. Freeman to John and
Margaret Nolan, lot on E line of Cook street,
100 N of Point Loboa avenue, X 37:6 by £ 6S:9;
|10. ¦ • r .
Emily Ursln to Phlllpp Hagemann, lot on N
line of Fourteenth street, 125 E of Folsom, E
25, N 114.255. W 25.10, S 118.513; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Mary J.
Sheanon lot on W line of Folsom street. 100
S of Seventeenth, S 24 by W 122:6; ?— .
r«EAI/ ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SAX FRANCISCO, Aug. 3—6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 68; Mount Tamalpais, — ; Independ
ence, 96; Red Bluff, 110; Fresno, 110; Los An
pele«. 84; Sacramento, 1C2; San Luis Obispo.
£2: Eaa Diego, 74.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 50; mean, 55.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, No. L
75c; pure. $1 26; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
94c; raw. ( 92c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc; cases, 85c; China
Nut, B5(5i72c per gallon ,\pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 67%c; cases, 72%c: Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon; Fish Oil,
in barrels. 37%c: cases. 42%c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 19b; Astral. 19c; Star,
19c; Extra Star, 23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in cases,
21c; Benzine. In bulk. 14c; In cases, 20c; 86-de
gree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In cases, 26c. •*
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, crushed and fine crushed. 5.75c; Pow
dered. 5.35c: Candy Granulated, 5.35c: Dry Gran
ulated, 5.25c; Confectioners' A, B.25c: Fruit
Granulated, 5.25c; Beet Granulated. 5.15c; Mag
nolia, 4.85c; Extra C. 4.75c: Golden C. 4.65c; bar
rels. 10c more; half-barrels.' 25c more: boxes, 50c
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom-
Ino3, half -barrels, 6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb.
RICE— China, No. 2, $4 10; No. 1. $4 70@4 90;
extra, $5 10®5 50; Japanese, $4 75@5 30; Louisi
ana, $4<3« SO; Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; " Southflel4
Wellington. $3; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Cooa
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send, $9; .Cumberland, $12 5fr in bulk and $13 73
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $10 per tori; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk,
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and ?8 60 per ton, ¦ according,
to brp.nd. .
. GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 8e:
local make. %c less Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
33@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc: Fruit' Bags, 5%@
6c for cotton and 8%@8%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
Foreign Futures.
It Is noteworthy that the bank return was
more nearly harmonious than usual, the gains
in loans and in cash together calling for an
increase of $13,133,700 in deposits, while this
Item was. actually increased by $12,973,700. .
The Increase of $2,280,200 in cash very closely
corresponds with that shown by preliminary
statements of the movements of money during
the week.
The Financier says: The statement of tha
New York Associated Banks last week showed
the comparatively unimportant reduction . of
$963,225 in surplus reserve, leaving this item -at
$22,165,350. This amount of reserve compares
with $29,14-4,875 a year ago. and It may be re
garded as ample to meet at least the early
requirements lor money for crop purposes.
Moreover, it should be noted that the bank
statement was made on rising averages for
cash, payments by the sub-treasury for Au-'
(rust Interest on Government bonds not having
been begun until Thursday, and the disburse
ment of almost $1,500,000 for this purpose did
not pass through the banks until Friday and
hence was not fully accounted for in the state
ment. Checks for Yukon gold to moderate
amounts were also cashed at the sub-treasury
on Friday, and therefore the payments were
too late to appear In last week's bank returns.
Hence it seemed probable that the condition of
the banks was more favorable at' the end of
the week j than appeared by the statement.
Among the influences operating in the- direc
tion of changes in bank conditions during the
week may -be noted the payment on Thursday
of about $17,000,000 on account of new bonds
issued by the Missouri Pacific and $10,000,000
new Rock Island stock. These payments were
reflected in important changes between local
banks and it is quite possible these disburse
ments likewise had more or less influence upon
interior bank movements. The gain of $10,853,
500 In loans was due in part to operations in
cident to the above noted payments. It is
shown by the statement of the changes by in
dividual banks that the First National Bank
increased Its .loans last week by $66,240,200,
doubtless In connection ¦with its recent aug
mentation of capital and with Its preparations
for the absorption of the Bank of the Republic.
This, therefore, i will account . for a large part
of the gain in loans by all of the banks shown
last- week. - - .
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: Loans, $S7S,508,900; increase, $10,853,500.
Deposits. $955,912,200; increase, $12,973,700. . Cir
culation, $30,672,800; decrease, $64,700. . Legal
tenders,"' $80,597,700; increase, $655,700. Specie,
$180,545,700; Increase, $1,624,500. Reserves, $261,
143,400; increase, "$2,2SO,200. Reserve required,
$238,978,050; increase. $3,243,425. Surplus, $22,
165,350; decrease, $563,225.
Associated Banks' Statement.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, $1 75@2 25 for
larec-ard 50c@$l 50 for ordinary; Green Peas,
l%@2e: String Bean3, l@3c; Llmas, 4@5c; Cab
ba£e,*3E@40c per ctl: Tomatoes, from the River,
in large boxes. .50@75c: Dried Peppers, 12©18c;
Green Okra, 50@75c per box: Carrots, 25@35c
per sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 20@3oc; Pickles, l%c
per lb for small and lc for large; Garlic, 2@3c;
Green Peppers. 25S50c per box for Chile and
S5@75c for Bell: Ess Plant, 30@60c per box;
Green Corn, 25S?75c per sack; Alameda, $1@1 23
per crate; Berkeley, 75@9Cc: Summer Squash,
large boxes, 20@25c; New Marrowfat' Squash,
$15@20 • per ton. .
POTATOES— 90c(g SI 10 in sacks and $1 10<Sl 50
in boxes for Burbanks. 75c@$l for Garnet Chiles
and 70@S5c for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks,
$1 15@1 40.
ONIONS— Yellow, 75@90c per ctl; Pickle On
ions, 75c per sack. ¦
.Tomatoes continue high under light supplies.
The market is overloaded with Green Corn,
much of which is dry and' undesirable.' Green
Peppers and Egg Plant are also in excessive
supply, and there is no lack of Cucumbers. -
Potatoes continue weak and Onions firm, but
prices show no marked change. .. ',>v.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
"On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
narket was firm; creameries, 14%@20c: dairies,
I3@16%c. Cheese, firm; 9%@10*ic. Esss, firm;
fresh, 13@13%c. . . . -
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 278,000 376.000
Con«, bushels ....:. 177,000 86,000
Oats, bushels 299,000 121,000
Ry=, bushels 11,000
Barley, bushels ...../ 2,000 . "
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%@
6%c; over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from, the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, . 7%@9%c . : ¦
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: -
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 6@6c per lb for
cows. '
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@Sc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8%@9c per pound. !
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
San Francisco Meat Market.
SATURDAY. Au& J-12 m.
BId.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 06 08
Alta. 04 C6 Kentuck 02 C3
Ancles 03 04 Lady Wash.... 01 —
Belcher 06 07 Mexican 12 13
Best & Belcher 14 15 Occidental 03 04
Bullion ...; 02 03 Opnir 68 69
Caledonia ...... 33 34 Overman ...... 12 13
Challenge Con.. 34 86 Potosi 05 06
Chollar 06 07 Savage 06 07
Confidence 1 10 1 15 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 00 2 05|Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Imperial... — C2 Sierra Nevada. 14 15
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 33 33
Crown Point.... 07 00 St Loula 06 —
Eureka Con..'.. 10 —Standard —3 65
Exchequer 02 Syndicate ...... 03 —
Goild & Curry. IS 141 Union Con 13 15
Hale & Norcw. 25 27 Utah 02 03
Julia — 021 Yellow Jacket.. 24 25>
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Aside from the demand for large White and
Pink there is nothing going on worthy of note,
and prices are unchanged. V '
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 GO: Small White. $4 80
@4 05; Large White, $3 50@3 75; Pink, $1 75@1 95;
Red, $3 15@3 25; Blaekeye, ?3£5@3 40; Limas.
$6 30(t?6 40; Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl..
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, %2 75@3; Canary, 3%@
S%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%@
2%c; Hemp,;3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
•*A firm market for prunes, especially the
larger sizes, which are scarce and wanted,
•was rather a feature of the market at the
close of the week. Forties were a ic higher,
holders asking 6%c for 25-lb boxes, and some
even Quoting up to 7c This elze is in particu
larly light supply. Eome large holders ask %c
yore tor 50-60s, and 60-70s at 5% and 6%c.
yjiemand for prunes was very good all the week
{from the small trade. Peaches in boxes were
in good request from the consuming trade,
with supplies not plentiful. California raisins
were quiet, but 3-crown loose firmer at 5c.
•with some little demand. Imported raisins
were In some request, a better demand for
Malagas being in evidence from the summer
resort trade. Currants slumped during the
week from 9c to S%c for Amalias ajid were
easy at the close, with very little business
doing. Old currants were offered from Greece,
it Is understood, under 22s, but no buying was
heard of. The Greek market for new currants
became steadier late in the week, the lowest
price at which goods were offered being 18s.
Evaporated apples were very strong and active
In a jobbing way. Nut« were quiet."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York say:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour-
Steady. Winter patents, ?3 40@3 50; straits,
$3@3 30; clears, $2 70^)3 10; spring specials,
$4 10@4 20; patents, $3 40@3 70; straits, J2 80@
3 20; bakers', $2 20@'2 65; No. 3 spring wheat,
66@69c; No. 2 red, 69@70c ; . No. 2 corn, 56%c;
No. 2 yellow, E6%c; No. 2 oats, 35%c; No. 2
white, 37%@37%c; No. 3 white, ¦36%@37%c; No.
2 rye, 58c; fair to choice malting barley, 50c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 75; No. 1 Northwestern. ?1 75;
prime timothy seed, $4 90: mess pork, per bbl, 
$14 20@14 25; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 77%@8 80;
short' rite, sides (loose), $7 S5@8; - dry Baited
shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $8 30@8 40; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 29; clover, contract grade, $10 25.
Total ~ $282,810
Total 56L72S.293 S2
The 6hlpments of silver during the month
•were as follows:
Standard Silver dollars $123,000
Fractional Silver coin loS.810
Some twenty odd cars of Hay were on the
tracks. The 'market snowed no change worthy
of note, the retailers being active buyers' in
a small way and hauling off their purchases In
small wagons. . - , ' .
Feedstuffs continued as before.
BRAN— $18 50@19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing
{26 50, Cocoanut Cake, J17@18; Corn Meal, $30 50
(831 50; Cracked Corn, ?31@32; Mixed Feed, $17
@18. ¦ ¦ '•
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 10: choice. $10; Wheat and
Oat, $6 50@9: Oat,- $6@8 50; -Barley and Oat
*6@8: Alfalfa, ?7@9; Clover, $5 50@7; Volunteer,
$.4 50@5 60. ¦-..„¦
: STRAW-25@42%c per bale.
Hay arid Feedstuff s.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. »— ' "
August .... 68V4
September..". 68% 69% 68% 69%
December 70% 72%, 70% . 71%
Corn No. 2 — ' - - . 1 ¦•"¦ •¦¦
September-. 57 58% 66% 67%
October 67Vi 68% 57% 58
December .......... 68 59 \ 57% . 58%
Oats No. 2—
September .'. 34% 35% 34% . 35%
May ¦S7fc'- 38- 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September .14 27% 14 30 . 14 22% 14 27%
January 15 00 15 12% 15 00 "15 05-
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September :. 8 77% 8 82% 8 77% 8 77%
October 8 85 8 87% 8 82% 8 85
January .'.... 8 80 . 8 85 . '8 80 S 82%
Short Ribs, per. 100 lbs— .
September .... 7 95 . 7 95 7 95 7 f>5
October 7 95 8 00 , 7 95' SOU-.
January 7 85 .. 7 90 ¦ 7 85 7 85
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9@10c; light, 8%©3c;
Cow Hides, 8%@9c for heavy and • S%@9c for
light; Stags, 6%c: Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal,.
9%@10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides 16@16%c;
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 17@17%u;
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings 15@30c each; short Wool, 30@50c each;
medium 50@75c; long Wool. 75c@$l each: Horse
Hides, salt. $2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for
medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for Email and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium
«=kins 30c: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice
5c; No. 2 3%@4c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL. — Spring, 1900 or 1901 — Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c: do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free. 12<313c; defective, 9@lic; Middle
County, free, 10@llc; do, defective, 8@10c;
Southern, 12 months, S@9c; Southern, free, 7
months, 7010c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@Sc:
Oregon -Valley, fine, 14<3>15c; do. medium and
coarse ll«?13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice, ll@13c;
do, fair to good, S@llc; Nevada, 10@U%c. Fall
—San Joaquln Lambs', 7%@9c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand July 31 as follows:
United States notes J3.S26 00
Treasury notes of 1S90 6.251 00
National Bank notes 9.955 00
Silver certificates 35,329 00
Gold coin 29,374,657 63
Standard Silver dollars SL947.649 00
Subsidiary Silver coin 320,501 25
Minor coin 27.517 28
Coupons 1.177 85
Miscellaneous •• 1,329 75
Government Money Here.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:^
Morning Session.
4C0 Belcher 07 300 Cphlr 63
1200 Best & Belcher 14 500 Overman 13
500 Chollar 06 5C0 Potosl C5
300 Con Cal & Va..2 05 1100 Savage C6
10O Confidence ...1 17% 500 Sierra Nevada. W
200 Hale & Norcrs. 25 300 Silver Hill 32
200 Hale & Norcrs. 28 400 Union Con 13
600 Mexican 14 200 Yellow Jacket.. 2*
3C0 Ophir 71 600 Yellow Jacket.. 23
200 Ophir TO 300 Yellow Jacket.. 25
Following were the sales tn the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: .
Morning Session. ¦ ." ">
100 Belcher 06 3C0 Mexican 1*
1000 Best & Belcher 14 400 Ophir 63
100 Caledonia 33 400 Sierra Nevada. IB
100 Caledonia 31 50 Sierra Nevada. 17
BOO Challenge 34 100 Silver Hill 32
500 Chollar 06 30O Union Con .. 14
20O Con Cal & Va..! 00 50O Yellow Jacket.. 23
200 Hale & Norcrs. 25
Morning session.
Board—
1200 Cal.-Standard .....\ 23
200 Cal.-Standard 24
100 Occidental of West Virginia SO
50 Occidental of West Virginia 32
300 Peerless (b 90) «5 87'i
150 Peerless ...5 23
200 Twenty-eight 1 30
MINING STOCKS.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Bank Clearings.
Local Bank Clearings for the past week were
525.522,473. against J21.271.555 during the E<une
week last year.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
6,000. Atchison 72%
1,200 Atchison prefd S4Vi
Baltimore & Ohio 97
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92%
L300 Canadian Pacific 108
Canada Southern 67%
900 Chesapeake & Ohio 45%
200 Chicago & Alton 27
Chicago & Alton prefd 75%
Chicago Ind & Louisville 33
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd...,. 68
• 100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 123
100 Chicago & Great "Western 21%
Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 81%
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 47%
Chicago & Northwestern ...190
100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific...... 136%
100 Chicago Terminal & Trans. 18%
Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.... 38
100 C C C & St Louis 90
100 Colorado Southern 13
Colorado Southern 1st prefd... BO
Colorado Southern 2d prefd. 22
Delaware & Hudson ....160
S00 Delaware Lack & Western... 228
Denver & Rio Grande 41
100 Denver <& Rio Grande prefd 90
1,300 Erie 17%
100 Erie 1st prefd ". 65%
Erie 2d prefd 48%
100 Great Northern prefd ...175%
Hocking Valley 51
Hocking Valley prefd 74%
EOO Illinois Central 145 .
Iowa Central 36
Iowa Central prefd 73
Lake Erie & Western .: S3
Lake Erie & Western prefd... 116
1,000 Louisville & Nashville
200 Manhattan L ...117%
200 Metropolitan Street Railway 166
400 Mexican Central 22%
100 Mexican National 9%
Minneapolis & St Louis 106
600 Missouri Pacific I 97
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 25
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 62%
' New Jersey Central 158
600 New York Central 161
2,400 Norfolk & Western £2%
...."... Norfolk & Western prefd 89H
600 Ontario & Western 32%
8,900 Pennsylvania 144
P C C & St Louis 79
2,600 Reading 4114
¦ 200 Reading 1st prefd !* 76%4
1.600 Reading 2d prefd 62%
1,800 St Louis & San Francisco zsit,
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd..... 78
BOO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd....... 67%
,...'.... St Louis Southwestern 28
...."... Et Louis Southwestern prefd........59V4
4,100 St Paul ..;..158%
St Paul prefd isi
: 8,000 Southern- Pacific ".. ..,; 64%
1,500 Southern Railway .„ ..¦•29%
200 Southern Railway prefd ; 83%
Texas & Pacific 40
...'.... Toledo St 'Louis. & Western......... 20%
Toledo St Louis & Western prefd... 33
8,700 Union Pacific .-... %%
400 Union Pacific prefd ss?»
200 Wabash 21%
1.900 Wabash prefd .331:
Wheeling & Lake Erie is
• Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd .... 29
Wisconsin Central ....'. 20%
....... Wisconsin Central prefd' „ 42
Express companies —
....... Adams 170
...".... American. 190 :
•....:..' United States ......;............. 85
....... Wells-Fargo .. ....". '..140
• '"-¦ '. Miscellaneous — ¦ ¦'
2,000 Amalgamated Copper ....112%
109. American Car & Foundry.:.'......; 29%
.....;.• American Car & Foundry prefd ....-83%
„ .American Linseed Oil ....' ..:.... 21%
¦.....".. American Linseed Oil prefd 6lii
100 American Smelting: & Refln.. 52%
The week's news from the corn belt gave
the first indubitable assurance that whatever
is left of -the ¦ crop to be benefited wsj sure
of the requisite moisture. Notwithstanding
the various phases of the steej strike negotia
tions. Wall street followers clung to a con
viction that the ultimate outcome would be a
resumption of work and a continuance of the
wide-reaching prosperity of the industry. Yet
still the security markets have halted and the
"larger financial Interests" and the general
public have maintained a profound indifference
to the market. The dominant Influence on
speculative sentiment exercised by the steel
strike calls renewed attention to the propor
tions of the United States Steel Corporation
and the other projects in the railroad worid
which went hand In hand with it and from
closely identical origins. These projects repre
fcented a progress of capitalization of the enor
mous prosperity which the country had en-
Joyed for a number of years with a promise of,
continued enjoyment to- help on flotation of
new securities. It is easy to perceive now In
the retrospect the boldness of grasp with which
far-seeing capitalists seized the advantage of
vast accumulations of banking reserves to pro
vide themselves with the resources In the
shape of syndicate loans for the earrylng out
of uerhaps long cherished projects. On the
industrial side those centered about the United
States Steel Corporation and on the railroad
Eide about the extension of the so-called com
munity interests. It was after the steel com
bination had been fairly launched the Penn
sylvania Railroad had consolidated under its
influence the southerly trunk lines, the Penn
sylvania Coal Company had passed to the con
tori of the Erie, the New Jersey Central to the
Reading and the Southern Pacific had been
absorbed by the Union Pacific and the specu
lative world was ready to accept with avidity
any suggestion, however extreme, of consoli
dation of capital, that ~the Northern Pacific
quarrel brought home the fact that antago
nism and conflict of interest still existed "in
the world of capital. Even this quarrel was
turned to account ultimately by speculative
enthusiasm as a means by Its settlement of
still further and more effective combinations.
Uut other obstacles Intervened — the damage to
the crops, the steel strike and the dependency
of canltaJ upon a state of general confidence
for success in vast projects began to be shown.
The effort to support prices of securities by
sheer force of money proved unavailing. Bank
ers, do not feel safe to make loans freely to be
used for speculative purposes In the stock mar
ket pending the demand from the interior for
crop moving. The sluggish and irregular ac
tion of the stock market for this week affords
an indication that syndicates and large inter
ests are not Inclined to contest these obstacles
for the present and are disposed to let the
Etock market He fallow. • •.
The railroad bond market has been as dull
and narrow as stocks, but has shown evidence
of small investment demand. United States
new 4s have declined Y*. per cent on call-dur
ing- the week.
gave promise of a compromise and a resump
tion of work. . Both tie United States Steel
stocks rose a point over last night and St.
Paul rose a point and a fraction. Prices
drifted aimlessly for the greater part of the
session. There was an advance of 3% In Con
solidated Gas for some unexplained reason
and gains of a point or more in United . States
Leather preferred. American Cotton Oil, Peo
pled Gas, Pacific Mall, St. Lawrence and such
Inconspicuous stocks. Selling orders appeared
when the bank statement was published,
whether for the purpose of taking profits by
room traders or from an unfavorable interpre
tation of that document would be hard to say.
The rather large increase In the loan item was
not a strengthening factor, but the increase in
cash largely offset its effect on the Jeurplus
reserve item. The selling at the 1 lasjtr though
Email, seemed urgent and carried prices rather
perceptibly to the lowest level of the day. The
closing itself was weak and near the lowest.
The railroad bond market was as far from
reflecting any demand for securities as that
for stocks, and was dull and heavy throughout.
The week in stocks has been a dull one. In
contrast with the two previous weeks, when
the Monday morning dip ¦ made the low prices
for the week, the Monday morning bulge this
week erenerally made the highest. The mar
ket has been an exceedingly narrow one, both
in aoint of the amount of business done, the
number of different Issues dealt In and the
extent of the fluctuations. The news of Mon
day moraine gave promise of a rebound in
prices, in that relief was afforded from the
two principal depressing factors of the pre
vious period, the drought and the threatened
steel strike.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $3 25@
$3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 E0@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', f 2 75
@3. : . V
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows. usual • discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal,'$2,E0; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra creVm do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4{J4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 23: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole- Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S;@S 35
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
]2%c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams,
13@13%c; Mess Beef, $1150 per bbl;' extra Mess,
$12* Family, $13; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c
per . lb. "¦::}•¦;
.LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c . per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
•10%c: 10-lb tins, -ll^c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
n COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces., 8%c per lb.
The . local trade reports particular strength
In Lard. Quotations, however, are unchanged.
Provisions.
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 12%
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 5 42 12%
60 Oceanic S S Co 46 00
Board — • " .
J40C0 Spring Valley Water (3d mtge) 101 25
30 Equitable Gas .4 87%
$3000 S P of A (1909).. 112 00
$1000 S P Branch 136 00
$1000 Spring Valley 'Water 4s 102 25
50 Onomea S Co „ 22 00
285 Honokaa S Co 15 00
100 Paauhau S Co, s 90 17 50
25 Paauhau S Co 17 37%
170 Paauhau S Co 17 50
6 Market-st 74 23
105 Market-st 74 50
3 Market-st 74 00
20 Bank of California 405 00
60 Makawell S Co 30 50
115 Vigorlt ..... 3 12%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 42 25
Morning Session.
.CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— The absence \ of ; cables
from Liverpool, that market being closed, left
wheat 'traders with nothing to contemplate but
a promising spring wheat crop oh .'top of the
big winter crop and the opening found the
crowd free sellers. September ranging from 68%
@68%c. At 68Vi@68%c the.decllna was checked
by evidences that the seaboard . clearances for
the day would be unusually heavy. Heavy pur
chases by a single operator. started an advance
in which the. crowd Joined later when .the size
of the clearances was confirmed and receivers
reported light offerings from the country. ¦ The
market rose steadily to 69c. where a consider
able short interest was driven to cover and
a further 'advance to 69%(g)69%c ensued. On
the bulge longs in moderate force took profits
but the bulls strenuously opposed them and
the 'market closed strong, September, %@%c
higher than yesterday's close at»69%c.
News of the corn crop was generally of one
tenor— bad. One report which received marked
attention came from Iowa and predicted that
the condition of. the crop of that State would
not be over 40. The market, • however, had an
easy opening owing to the weather forecast, ¦
which promised rain. Selling for., a few mo
ments was urgent, but it was soon over. The
wheat strength started the reaction. A large
short Interest was exposed, -and many sold-out
bulls reinstated their lines, i For a • time corn
was hard to get and the market rallied sharp
ly. Realizing sales on the advance caused a
decline of %c,' but the close 'was firm, "%c
higher at 57%c.
Oats followed the trend of the other grain
markets and ruled firm, following a slight dip
at the opening. September closed firm, }i@%c
over yesterday at, 35@35 1 /gc. ¦
The provision market was steady. There
was some improvement in v the outside demand
and this, together with higher prices at - the
yards and in the grain pits, held values stead
ier, although fluctuations were narrow. Sep-'
tember pork closed unchanged,- larS a shade
higher and. ribs 2%c up. . ; ' .
. The leading futures ranged as' follows:' ¦'
Weekly bank clearings show a gain over last year.
Silver advanced. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat opened higher, but fell back.
Heavy demand for shipping Barley in the country. .
Corn firm at the high prices. Oats also strong.
,New Rye in continued demand for shipment.
Pink and large White Beans still in shipping request.
Hay and Feedstuff s as be fere quoted.
Potatoes weak, Onions firm and Vegetables in heavy supply.
Butter somewhat affected by the sailors' strike.
Eggs and Cheese quoted firm.
Poultry nominal. No Doves arrived thus far.
Fruit boats from the river very late.
Heavy purchases of Dried Fruit in the country.
Lard and Cured Meats quoted firm. .
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Local stocks and bonds active for Saturday.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
160.000 - Shares sold. V'A
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 107% N Y Cent lsts 104%
Do coup 107% N J Cent gen 5s. 129
Do 3s reg 108% Nor Pac 3s ;...... 72%
Do 3s coup 10824 Do 4s 104%
Do new 4s reg... 137 N Y C & St L 4s.lO7»4
Do 4s coup 137 Nor & W con 4s.lO2
Do old 4s reg. ..113 Or Nav lsts 107%
Do old coup ....113 Do 4s 102
Do 5s reg 107% O S Line 6s ......129
Do 5s coup 107»i Do con 5s 117%
Dist. of C. 3.65s.. 124 Reading Gen 4s ... 95%
Atch gen 4s 103U R G W lsts 100%,
Do adjt 4s 97 St L & I M con 5s.ll5%
Canada So 2ds....llO S L & S F Gen 6s. 130
C & O 4%s 107% St P con ..173'
Do 5s .120 St P C & P lsts.. .120
C & N con 7S....135V4 Do 5s ....115%
Do S F Deb 5s.l22 So Pac 4s 92
Chicago Term 4s.. 94% Do 5s 11S%
Colorado So 4s .. 87Vi Standard R &.T 6s 55
D & R G 4s......l01% Tex & Pac lsts. ...118%
Erie Gen 4s 86 Do 2ds 103
Ft W & D C lsts.. 104 U P 4s ....104
Gen Elec 5s 200 Wabash lsts 118
Iowa:Cent lsts 115% Do 2ds 110%
L & N Uni 4s. 101% West Shore 4s 112H
M K & T 2ds 82% Wls Cent lsts .... 87%
Do 4s 97% Va Centuries 94V4
B.OSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ¦* >.
Money — Westingh Elec .... 70
Call loans ..3@4% Bonds —
Time loans 4@5 Atchison 4s 102
Stocks— ' Mining Shares—
A T & St Fe 72U Adventure 25%
Do prefd 94% Bingham Min Co. 21
Amer Sugar 136U Amal Copper 112%
Amer Tel ...159% Calumet & Hecla..745
Boston & Albany.. 257% Centennial 25%
Boston &' Maine... 192% Franklin 17
Dominion Coal 38 Humboldt 25
Do prefd .116 Osceola 98%
U S Steel :. 43% Parrott 50
Do prefd 92% Qulncy 170
Gen Electric 253 Santa Fe Copper. 06
Mexican Cent :... 22% Tamarack 345
N E Gas & Coke. 06 Utah Mining 29
Old Colony • 208 Wlnona ..'. 2%
Union Pacific 96% Wolverines 64%
West End 95%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. "'
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 12
Alice 43 Ontario 8 75
Breece 1 40 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con .... 11 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel .. 08 Potosl 05
Con Cal & Va 195 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra .. 55 Sierra Nevada .... 14
Horn Silver 1 75 Small Hopes ...... 50
Iron Silver 55 Standard 3 15.
Leadvllle Con 06
100 Anaconda Mining Co "4
200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.: r.",75tf
*£™ Colorado Fuel & *ron ......95
8,900 Consolidated Gas ...... 222U
1.900 Continental Tobacco .............. !! ««
-Continental Tobacco prefd -HSU
General Electrlo .....253^
Glucose Sugar 6B 2
....... Hocking Coal jgS
International Paper 20(4
"¦¦««; International Paper prefd 75
800 International Power ................. 91
100 Laclede Gas ; 90
....... National Biscuit .'1III!"I!III!I 42
....... National Lead ; ;.... 19%
100 National Salt 40%
National Salt prefd.. .....75%
North American ..;. 99
Pacific Coast 65
200 Pacific Mall ..:....... 40U
People's Gas .....114'
• Pressed Steel Car 43
••••„•"' Pressed Steel Car prefd . 83
100 Pullman Palace Car .....;.. 205
200 Republic Steel •. 191.4
Zir£& Steel prefd , 74
6 .°°° Sugar .136U
- 100 Tennessee* Coal & Iron 61%
Union Bag & Paper Co:.. ..... 15VS
"i':tZ Unlon Ba §r & Paper Co prefd.. ...... 70%
7.400 _ United States Leather .-131,4
6,000 United States Leather prefd >. SO
300 United States Rubber 18 •
100 United States Rubber prefd 66
47,135 United States Steel .; ,... 43U
22,700 United States Steel prefd 92U
800 "Western Union 91^4
Alaska Pack.. 130 131 Oceanic S Co.. 45% 47
Cal Fruit Can. 93 9Stf Pac Aux FA. 3 , —
Cal Wine Asn-— 100 Pac C Borax.. 155 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint IS —
MISCELLANEOUS,
Hana 6% 7 Kllauea 16 —
Hawaiian 49 50 Makawell 30% 30*;
Honokaa 15 — Dnomea 21 21li
Hutchinson ... 16^4 18% Paauhau 17% IS
SUGAR.
Giant 76 77 - J Vigorlt I'—, { —
California 130 134 O S L. & H 40 —
Geary ....".....— 40 (Presidio "36^ —
Market U\i — |
POWDER. *
STREET RAILROADS.
German 1850 1910 5av & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security ......273 .; —
Mutual Sav ... 50 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco. 520 — — '.¦>.* !
SAVINGS BANKS.
Auglo-Cal .... 771, 81 L' P & A. ..:... 133 159
California ....404 — Mer Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..l0T& — S F National.. 129tf —
First Nat S F. 305 — ,
BANKS.
The" Pacific > Coast Seeded Raisin I Company
has cleaned up the entire holdings of the Cali
fornia Raisin Growera' Association..- The
amount purchased -was »6000 tons stock 2 and
3 "crown loose, to bo used for seeding. Tho
price for seeded Raisins has been advanced
to 6c. ¦
FRUITS— Apricots, 7^@10c for new Royals
and 7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moor
parks; new EvaDorated Apples. 6® 7c: ./dew
Peaches. 5%@7c for future delivery: Pears. 4@
8c; Plums, pitted, 3@5c; unpitted, l@l%c; Nec
tarines, 4@4%c for red and 4@5c for.wb.lte.- ..
PRUNES— The association has withdrawn
quotations, and will sell no more at present.
RAISINS — Tho Raisin Growers* . Association
has established' the following prices: Bleached
Thompson'3 fancy, 12c per • lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOVic per lb;
choice. 9%c; standard, 8%c: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless. 60-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown. 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c; S-crown. , 6%c, and
4-crown, 6%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers. V 2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 53: Impe
rials, $3. AH prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California. ' - ¦<
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c; No.
2, 8@8V4c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2. 6^@
me; Almonds. 13@14c for paper-shell. 10@llc for
softshell and 5@6c for hardshell ; Peanuts. 5®
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c: Filberts.
12S!12Hc: Pecans, , ll©13c; Cocoanuts.- $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, llig)12c for bright and 9@10o
for light amber; water white extracted. 5*&@6c;
light amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark, 3}4@4Vic
BEESWAX— 23@28c per lb.
- The Prune combine has withdrawn" all quo
tations for Prunes, and is giving growers the
tip to " hold on to. their goods, owing ¦ to tho
gieat strength of th* fruit situation.
market just now that has been seen in mid
summer for some years. Speculators are fig
uring on the great damage to the Eastern anJ
Western crops, - and are buying largely In all
the principal districts. ;.- If they overbuy a
period of dullness and -weakness may.ensua
later on. :¦. ;. . ". ; - > .
back a little.'. The spot market stood the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97%c; milling, *1®
1 02$4 per ctl. ¦ -. - - - ....... y '.s/;'
\jCALTi BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December-^
2000 ctls, $1 02#; 6000, $1 02; 2000/ $1 01%. : ;
- Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. „'¦ ¦*.'¦*
BARLEY— Although the local market con
tinues very dull a heavy demand for brewing
grades for shipment in the country is reported,
buyers paying more than the San Francisco
parity. Quotations for this description are ad
vanced.'. . . . -
Feed, 73%c for choice bright, 71%@72V4c for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for off grades', Brewing and
Shipping "grades, 77%©S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
• CALL BOARD SALES. .'••.*>;
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
.: Second Session — No sales. —
Regular Morning Session— December— 12,000
Ctls. 72Hc:2000, 72%c. ' .
OATS— The Chic.4*co . market was slightly
higher. A dispatch from there says that the
price will be : largely governed by that of Corn
for the moment. .'.-• ••" -?.¦¦¦'¦
Local dealers continue to; quote a lifeless
local market, but a good demand In the coun
try ,' for large '.. lots for speculative account.
Prices are unchanged at 95c@$l 02V4 for Black
and S7^c@$l 15 per ctl for Red.
CORN— The situation in the "West$ appears
mixed. ; A telegram from Chicago ttr Bolton,
De Ruyter,& Co. says: "Interior aflvlces re
garding the- Corn crop grow worse''dally. It
is.. raining again in Iowa, but the market has
passed the stage where rain has much effect.
Rumor places the condition of the Iowa crop
at j 40. Trade Is much smaller, j on - account of
realizing. 1 * All large raisers In Iowa and 1111
'nois say that the development of Corn Is Im
perfect and that the ears are lacking."
In opposition to this news a telegram to the
same firm 6ays that Secretary | of Agriculture
Wilson Is personally on his way to Nebraska,
Kansas and Missouri to see with his own eyes
the condition - of ', the Corn crop. He is very
skeptical as to the amount - of damage, and
says that he has had an extra number of ob
servers at many points, and that according to
their reports he believes that the rains dur
ing the latter part of July saved almost a
full crop. His findings will . be published in
full. on his return to "Washington.
¦ Small round Yellow. $1 73; Eastern' Yellow,
$1 62V2Q'l 65; White, $1 70@l 75 per ctl; mixed,
$1 hOm 55. , - •
RYE— 72V2@T7V£c per ctl. The demand for the
new crop for Port Costa delivery continues.
• BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
5.70c;- cut loaf-and'crushed,-5.85c; -powdered,
6.45c: granulated, 6.35c; cubes, 5.60c.
BUTTER— Receipts, , 3400 ; packages; . stead j .
State dairy/ 14@19c; creamery, ¦ 16@20%c.
EGGS— Receipts. 5400; firm. Western candled,
Vi<SWAc- Western uncandled, 8@llc. :
,:? DRIED FRUITS.
It was a Saturday I market for dried fruit*,
very little trading being indulged in.
State common to good, 4 1 /4@7c; prime, IQV&c;
choice, 7%@8c ; . fancy, 8@8&c.
California dried fruits were featureless and
unchanged.' : ;.'-.';¦ .^ ¦ ¦¦-¦,-¦¦&:.
PRUNES— 5%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8-V6@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled. ll@18c; unpeeled, ? 6@9i£c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW TORK, Xxig. Z.— Prices opened hl&bei
to-dajr under the operation! of the email at
tendance of srofesElonal traders on the board
who ¦were apparently influenced by the belief
t^at the renewed conference on. the steel strike
New York Stock Market.
31
6TATIOJCS.
• B
I!
! ,2
[ ff
0)
er
4
I 1
3
p
!3*
Hollirter 92
Hanford 107
Napa 87
Pan Jose SI
Riverside
Palermo 110
Ventura.. 70
Kan U. Maria 80
67
7S
63
62
70 "
66
e»
Cloudy
Pt.ddy
Clear
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
Clear
s
N
B
STATIONS.
3
Sj S 3
a
OS
rfy
5
2.
: p
Astoria.
J.aker
< "arson.....
Kureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocaiello, Idaho..
Independence
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
vRoeeburg
iWcramento
fl-altLake
»£an Francisco
Kan LuIe Obispo..
Fan Diego
Seattle
Spokane
NeahBay
IValla Walla
"Winnemucca
Tumi
..30.04 90 £2 TV
..29.96 84 52 NW
..29. S6 S4 C2 S
..23.^6 E8 12 NW
..29.66 110 78 XW
..29.62 62 «0 W
..29.S8 92 £8 W
..23.72 96 70 SE
..'J9.M M 64 W
..29.72 »8 76 XTV
..29.54 M U KW
..29. 6S 72 80 SE
..2S.fc6 S2 5<i N
..29.72 302 66 W
..2S.S4 SO €8 XW
..2S.S6 €0 50 XV
..2S.U 82 56 W
. .28.80 74 63 W
..30.06 SO E2 XW
..30.00 S8 56 X
..30.12 58 4S XW
..2S.S6 ?4 62 NW
..29.76 96 S N'
..29.72 106 74 SW
Clear 0
piear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Rainy T.
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear .2S
riear 0
Clear •
Clear o
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Cloudy T.
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear '.OS
6TATIOJCS.
• B
I!
! ,2
[ ff
0)
er
4
I 1
3
p
!3*
Hollirter 92
Hanford 107
Napa 87
Pan Jose SI
Riverside
Palermo 110
Ventura.. 70
Kan U. Maria 80
67
7S
63
62
70 "
66
e»
Cloudy
Pt.ddy
Clear
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
Clear
s
N
B
STATIONS.
3
Sj S 3
a
OS
rfy
5
2.
: p
Astoria.
J.aker
< "arson.....
Kureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocaiello, Idaho..
Independence
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
vRoeeburg
iWcramento
fl-altLake
»£an Francisco
Kan LuIe Obispo..
Fan Diego
Seattle
Spokane
NeahBay
IValla Walla
"Winnemucca
Tumi
..30.04 90 £2 TV
..29.96 84 52 NW
..29. S6 S4 C2 S
..23.^6 E8 12 NW
..29.66 110 78 XW
..29.62 62 «0 W
..29.S8 92 £8 W
..23.72 96 70 SE
..'J9.M M 64 W
..29.72 »8 76 XTV
..29.54 M U KW
..29. 6S 72 80 SE
..2S.fc6 S2 5<i N
..29.72 302 66 W
..2S.S4 SO €8 XW
..2S.S6 €0 50 XV
..2S.U 82 56 W
. .28.80 74 63 W
..30.06 SO E2 XW
..30.00 S8 56 X
..30.12 58 4S XW
..2S.S6 ?4 62 NW
..29.76 96 S N'
..29.72 106 74 SW
Clear 0
piear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Rainy T.
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear .2S
riear 0
Clear •
Clear o
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Cloudy T.
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear '.OS
AUCTION SALES
.fe& £*v £*
A consignment of 20 HEAD of 1200 and over
HORSES Just arrived from Jas. Fair Jr.'s
ranch, Sacramento. Suitable for all purposes.
FRED H. CHASE, 1733 Market street.Chicago to Enter Drydock.
GIBRALTAR jVugr. 3.-The United
States cruiser Chicago has sailed for
Southampton, where she will go Into the
drydock. ¦
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Aug. 3.-
Durlng the athletic contests attendant
upon the quarto-centennial celebration
here to-day Candiras de Foya, a Ute In
d . n *f covered the course marked out as
109 yards in 9 seconds flat. The watches
registered the time accurately enough,
but the distance when measured was
found to be less than 100 yards. Candiras
de Foya. Is the hero of the Springs to-day.
• S .^ 0rld ' 8 Professional 100-yard record
is 9 3-5 seconds and the amateur record
one-nf th of a second slower. The Ute'a
performance ' was sensational despite ¦ the
shortened course. ,
Hundred Yards in Nine Sec
onds Flat.
Indian Thought to Have Gone One
WENT 3LIKE THE WIND
BUT NOT FAB ENOUGH
The company was organized with a cap
ital stock of $500,000, and its purposes were
to secure lands In California and induce
tettlers to locate upon them, to exchange
California for Eastern property and to do
other things. The directors secured the
eervices of W. H. Martin as general man
ager, and by his aid many shares of stock
were sold. He induced R. A. Henck to put
The International Colony Company was
organized about a year ago by prominent
men of New York. Its president was XV.
R. Townsend, a lawyer of prominence; its
vice president, Matthew P. Brem, was a
former State Senator and a writer of abil
ity; its secretary and treasurer. Arthur
F. Carmody. was secretary of the Wells-
F"argo Company Bank of New York, and
the other directors were men of standing
In the Eastern metropolis.
EAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 3.— R. A.
Henck of New York, who wassent to this
city as local manager of the International
Colony Company, has employed a New
York detective agency to Investigate th©
affairs of the company, and according to
Henck and other people of San Bernar
dino and Riverside counties the Interna
tional Colony Company was organized not
to Induce settlers to come to California
but to swindle unsuspecting folks who in
vested in the stock of the corporation.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
New York Man Believes
He Was Duped in
the South.
SERIOUS TALK
OF SWINDLING
almost his last dollar Into the company
and to accept the position of manager of
the California end of the company's af
fairs. He promised to send Henck many
settlers and to pay him a salary of $150 a
month. He then Induced "W. C. Richards
to go to New York and accept the posl
.tion of manager of that end of the busi
ness. Henck came to Riverside and Rich
ards went to New York, and the officers
and directors of.the International Colony
Company dropped out of sight.
The local agent says he has paid all of
fice- rent himself and has never received a
cent's worth of business or a dollar to
ward his salary since his arrival here,
several months ago. His letters to the
company have not been answered, and no
reply has been received to telegrams Bent
during th© past two months. Henck has
arrived at the conclusion that he Is the
dupe of swindlers. Many New York peo
ple and even some of the residents of this
county purchased stock from the com
pany, and It Is now said that they have
nothing to show for the money they have
expended except pieces of paper.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 3.-The , latest
crop reports from the Kharkoff ' district
are. very bad.; -There is> little grain or hay,
and 'potatoes and;- other vegetables-, are
backward.- The heat is Intense land it Is
feared that Southern Russia 'will 'suffer
severely."- • , ¦ .
Poor Crop \ Prospect in ; Russia.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Sleeping car porters
who are residents of Chicago are forming
an organization for "mutual benefit," ac
cording to an announcement by Secretary
"Williams of the union to-day.- It Is called
the Railway Men's Mercantile League and
is said to be patterned after the one in
St. Louis. Williams said he did not care
to give out details of the plans of th«
league at present.
Car Porters Orgaiiize.
"WASHINGTON. Aligns.— Cardinal-Mar
tinellt, the apostolic delegate to this coun
try, will go to Villa Nova, the ,'Augustinian
monastery, near £ Philadelphia; about the
middle ofthis month and spend his vaca
tion of two or three weeks there. - ¦•__,:'
Will Visit Augustinian^Monastery.
"WASHINGTON, 'Aug. 3.— The : court
martial which, recently -tried Major
Charles A. Doyen. I fleet marine officer . of
the North Atlantic ' squadron at , Newport;
on the charge n of intoxication and | being
absent without ; leave, found : him ; guilty
and sentenced him to lose two numbers
and be reprimanded by the;Navy Depart
ment. The; papers in the • '¦ case : arrived
here to-day ¦ and ¦ it is probable that ; the
Acting Secretary, of • the Navy will issue
the reprimand before, the close of the de
partment this evening. . - f - ';¦ .'¦''¦I.'** ffi
Court-Martial'- Finds Him Guilty.
BUTTE, Mont./ Aug. 3.— John Maglnnls.
vice president and general manager of the
Montana Ore Purchasing Company, and
a minority stockholder of the Boston and
Montana, in his latter capacity to-day
asked Judge Clancey of the District Court
to cite the directors of the Amalgamated
Company . and the Boston and Montana
Company to show cause why they should
not be punished for contempt in disobey
ing the restraining order Issued recently.
That order was issued upon the applica
tion of Maglnnis to restrain the directors
of the Amalgamated from exercising con
trol of the Boston and Montana and to
name a receiver for the latter. Since then
the Boston and Montana has declared A
dividend of $10 a share and the Amal^ap
mated directors have approved It. Thi»
is claimed to be a violation of the court's
restraining order. The case win be heard
September 2.
• Of. late Lewis had been having a' streak
of shard luck and ; several bars and cafes
which he started were financial failures.
This" made t him despondent -an'd'c before
leaving ¦' New -York on the Rhode Island
he.' wrote a' note saying he was going -to
commit suicide.* Lewis' note was found
by his son to-day, shortly * before the
news of the suicide reached this city.
Lewis j was one of: the most widely
known- sporting men in America. Besides
being ' associated with John .L.- Sullivan
he backed • Jack ' Dempsey , Brooklyn Jim
my Carroll,- Jack McAuliffe and Kid Mc-
Coy. He also handled Jim (Hall, the Aus
tralian,, when he fought Pritchard of Eng
land. „¦..¦.¦"</-'• ¦'-> "-¦.¦.¦">s. •,:¦: . .¦- r :¦• ,. : V
NEW YORK, Aug.- 3.— Warren Lewis,
the well-known sporting man, jumped
from the steamer Rhode Island on her
trip 1 from New York to Providence , last
night and was drowned; - A boat was sent
out, but after half an hour it returned
from a- fruitless search.
HELENA; Mont., Aug. 3.— The labor
troubles that have existed since last May
at the coal mines owned by. United States
Senator Clark at Bridges, Carbon Coun
ty, have been settled and the men will re
turn-to'work. They are to receive 80 cents
a ton for mining clean-screened coal from
long-wall, workings, and 90 cents a ton
for 1 from . room and ' pillar; work
ings. House rent is reduced and ,no dis
crimination against organized labor, prom
ised. . , ¦. . . ¦: . ¦ .:¦ .
Coal Miners Return to Work.
May Be Punished for Dis
obeying Restraining
. Order.
Warren Lewis, a Well-
Known Sporting: Man,
Commits Suicide.
COURT TO CITE
MINE DIRECTORS
JUMPS FROM
OCEAN STEAMER
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— The authori
ties here expect that salvage will be paid
to the steamer Iaqua for towing the dis
abled transport Lennox Into port. Some
question may arise as to the responsibility
of the Government, owing to the fact that
the Ivennoxis a chartered vessel, and it
may be held that the owners are responsi
ble for any accident which necessitates
her being towed Into port.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 3.-The Gov
ernment tug Slocum arrived In port this
afternoon after having scoured th© coast
in search of the drifting transport Len
nox. While . here she received news of
the safe arrival of the ; Lennox at San
Francisco and the tug left immediately
for the north.
Returns From Her 'Search for the
Lennox Which Was Towed
Safely Into. Port.
TUG SLOCUM IS REPORTED
FROM SANTA BAEBABA
Arctic Fishermen Rescue Eight of the
Survivors From a Small
Island. • . ¦
CHRISTIANIA, Aug.' 3.— Arctic fisher
men have arrived at Vardoe, bringing
eight survivors of the exploring ships
Stroemmare and Familen, both of which
were crushed In the Ice near Nova iem
bla. Their crews, managed to reach a
small island, and with the exception of
six men, who attempted to escape to the
southward and have not been since heard
of, were rescued after fourteen days.
TWO EXPLORING SHIPS '
ABE CRUSHED IN THE ICE
WASHINGTON, Aug.- ;. 3.— The . Rev.
Thomas J. Dickson of Missouri -has been
appointed a chaplain in the army. Dick
eon belongs to the Christian church.
Appointed an Army Chaplain.
¦ Mrs. Johns lives a few miles ' from
Cathlamet, and was alone when the man
entered her home. In the assault Hoff
man used a club and terribly beat, the old
woman. She was found yesterday, morn
ing in- an unconscious condition. . It is
thought Hoffman escaped across the river
to the Oregon shore in a boat.
The assailant of the woman is a French
man," with an unsavory reputation. Mrs.
Johns is believed to have been fatally in
jured. . ¦ " - , : •
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 3.— The little town
of Cathlamet, Wash., hear this city, is
greatly excited over a crime which was
committed there Thursday night, when a
man named Frank Hoffma'n assaulted
Mrs. Johns, who is 75 years of age. Sher
iff Hogan and a posse are scouring the
country for ; Hoffman and ¦¦ will ;• capture
him, dead or alive. •- There is little doubt
that the fugitive will be lynched if he Is
captured at a place where the authorities
cannot Interfere. .' -.'- -¦¦¦¦¦;: :.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Assailant of an Old Wo
man in Washington
in Peril. w
ANGRY CITIZENS
MAY USE HEMP
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, SUND AY, ATJGr U ST 4, 1»U1.
32
By G. H.-Umbsen'ft Co.— Monday, August
12. at 12 o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgom-
ery, street.. ..-
By Fred H. Chase— Horses, at 1732 Market
street.
AUCTION SALES.
Alcazar— "The Adventures of Nell Gwynne.".
• Grand Opera-house— "The Senator." ' *•••-;?; "
- Central— "The Ensign."
Tivoli-"Rlgoletto.";
California— I'The Amazons."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "GarrettO'Magh."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets-
Specialties. . . •
Chutes. Zoo . and Theater-^- Vaudeville every
afternoon . and evening. ¦
Fischer's— Vaudeville. -•.)'» '.".>'
Recreation Park— Baseball .
Union Coursing Park— Coursinr to-day.
•Sutro Baths— Swimming.
'¦ State ! Fair, and Exposition, Sacramento— Sep-
tember 2 to 14.
AMTJSEMENTS.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hole's.
An Aggressive Building-up Plan 'J^x^r
For Your Good and Prof it—Ours Later.
This is it in a, Nutshell: ¦ . •-.'¦¦+.„¦' --¦•-¦- ¦ < ¦ ""* / s y^Yk*=^ sSS ** SS^ Jr^Js all*
We want more folks to know what a full and complete store we have, what economy Market *W <®>- ' / //it\\ \^^C^^ If!
there is in trading here and how liberally they are treated. We are sure they would like to Street, jMf~*/jg/^fflf J^<^^«k?K| Opp. ' ' //' J W Jr^0jfp III
buy here right along after they have found out that it is to their interest. We are so sure '**** /gf/ mt^^ *gsg^js^? GoIj j en // \ >s \\\
they will that we are willing to get along with less profits for a month in order to get theni lx \ h v*> 0000^*^ Gate. '' § W, ,^^o^m • > \\\
started.. • :¦.¦..;.;:.: ,.";;:; : :v ."-,'. :,,:,,*,.:. -. ' ".====* 1 . \^^^^ Music 5c. if I
* '" ••-' ••¦¦•¦;.-¦•.¦ - ' ~~ -——---—-----«---—----—--«---— O^ ' ' "f /Vf» '' T--»4"F*vl'ii WAai&i'C: : = " J^<S$&!Zz^^ USUALLY SOLD AT 25c. tiYV'
a caution. We never before went- into an^effort so thoroughly and lUr Idlietd O(IK . ; TTdl>L>« | ¦¦^^^>2SS?Sfi A ffifcS III
we exercise extreme care t m the carefully and concertedfy as we have into this one. ¦ f\ : vv ,- SAME WE>VE been^selling, for $4.75.. ,^^ =«"« c Uo. ml '
composition of our advertising. ** . , " •_-•-. , , , ¦• And they are. just as good and beautiful and correctly •* • \ \\ Kosey. nc ,t
yo^r r impu r clt n conld m 1 ce t itwufa* The preparations are broader and the excellence Ofthe madeasany you would expect to pay $47S 'for. In fact, if you • Save i \ Va Bouquet of Melodies, by Chaa. - JLj
fill times. However, let us caution crnnHc rfppnpr than wo'vo ovor hoH in nrovi'mic oalec don't get four dollars and seventy-five cents' worth of style and ; $1.80. • V Vk Return of the -noops m^h, O
you to allow no doubts to cloud gOOUb Uccpcl llldll We VC CYcr lldQ 111 preVlOUS SdieS. quality for $2 95 we don't want you to keep ' them. We are in • .....: Vv My Darktown Gai. rtfi%!
rt U S FH^r^: We were determined to give 2rJZ?I&° S ° s '«- If!
•$¦»**. » **rer u-, *. The Best We Ever Gave tJ^^^^^^^^^^ Othzrsiacolms - >^^^^ "^- ? r - »- — -
. Iailc - '•• " " '¦ ¦ I * 11C UCSL TIC L^VCl VJtlVC. ¦ Better Than Gold (Harris). Ill
Had to commence way back to do it. Buyers have been skipping back to the market COC for 7 5C Wrappers. To- day « • .*»• '« »* business bunding «*««„* «^ ||
since last May gathering stocks for this demonstration. So we bring you V to-morrow fob first time / fONJCFNTRATION \\ [
Nothing that isn't T1PW • As much for fifty cents as we usually give for seventy-five. \""" : ' yyiiVL«il I wr* * IV1 y 6
, . wommg inai isn i new. Wre making:the b y arKains so Rood t hi S m onth.r.you wt,! save \ -iw.pow«£ s^ hat make9 Hale8 g0 - Look at thl3 slx - 88 I t
Nothing bUt What yOU Want. ;: forget them before you want to buy^ain-and then you'll nat- | 25c. \ store m ™££! i C& 6*N JOSE SALINAS i\ 1
Nnthin? thflt fcn't Ip^ than it<? Wnrth urally come here. See how we build? :..... : SACRAMENtO STOCKTON PBTALUMA g J ,
IIUIUUI5 lliai 1011 I IC^O Uiaii IIO WUIUI N o odd sizes, but enough of everything from 34 to 44. Look at the load we're pulling; look at tha track we're leaving \H I
—and every section of.the store takes part. It's the most important general sale we. ever with * b *ff d ° r s^ 'Ti economy dear through-economy of energy, economy || :
V,«M f« ~Xii«d 4:.V,,««o +k««« 5« ' braid -Pinks, blues, hehos— the colors e\ery one preiers. ouc jjm- money , to us. to you. Makers all over the country are after us. p f'
field. In rOUnd IlgUreS there IS -.STEAD 0P f 75c. -,-¦.. . ¦ They say they can turn over more stuff to us at a time than to any iJftft;
. ,. ' . - . • aBMB^^^M^MMB^^MBaBM^B^MnvK one else out here. They are studying the minimizing of cost, same 5 Q 5 1.
$200,000 Worth ; f hina Friiif Saiirprs ! 1c ' : " ; % aa^^a^g** •"*•"*" ot °° ae " " ta "'° s — :
of as bright, clean, seasonable merchandise as one ever saw sold at full price, now selling ™, ¦, ™* ;Sm S New Fancy Ribbons 14c. |
• . y\t 3. OlGSr" iS^VinO 1 * tO YOU e crc ? cker y store is buUdingup business— doing it with : * : " On Sale First Tims Monday Morning. igg?
. • „ ._,_ Z* , « *-/c»v*i*^ •, **+*• values. This month they are more striking, than ever. : "' : . A building-up value. It's going to make every woman who &802
IWhit irnn nnn J1 Knit UnderwearP LinensP Gloves? MuslinP The Fruit Saucers at 7c are of real china, first quality, in a dozen different shares it think more of us than she ever did. and women already S&x!
MUSI UO yOU neeQ I HosienrP TUhVinrxsP TiaeosP - Sheetine-sP decorations and as many different sizes and shapes, all bright and new, actually think a good deal of our ribbons. "We hear this often: I always X 5V }.
V HiDDonsr J^acesr • bneetingsr worth double, but we want you to think a goocl deal of our crockery store, and find pretty ribbons at Hale's— none of that cheap light flimsy ')Y,hl
Dress GoodsP NotionsP Wash GoodsP ¦ Jewelry P •.... we are going to enforce that impression with strong values. kind either." )BX
u ? '¦ «*u j* m SMrt W *Tj i ' *u- ¦ SilkS fnu * f at M, nei7? , 4 China Fruit Bowls 15c. Wine Glasses 5c. pS^/ra^ftS J^f^^TlJ^ 8
Most ofthe details are printed elsewhere on his page. Whatare not will come later ;j»sS^^ m %d£S^ 6 Z& WSKft.'ffit.S. '^^"BU^^SIS tZj^^LZ^^.
as we have room. Each day will have new attractions. San Francisco shoppers will see no -M^Vin f«^S£Si SSStiJn^ S u c s r e y &rg d i e ass of ZIZ$%T"H Slc^ffi^eS^tSSf £S red. i*ht green, violet. t ur - m-
rfnor Have thlC VOar if Halo f e non holn it! ' They are worth _ 25c; you can have them for 90c dozen. We have got them for navy stripes on red grounds, . t corn and black 6 8
UUg Udyb miS year ll naie S Can nelP ll. after Monday morning for 15c. an Auguster at 5c each. 14c. ¦ • quoise. tan, corn ana piaca. un
fi& j^^Uckci HinA nf ¥nif Tlvi/larwa^r 17c Laces— Season's Best Offering. f ||
C<z£V ISM "C51 lililU Ui flllll UliUCi WCttl For Ebony. , |p these offers go on sale monday for the first time. |||
n(fM///in r^ "W** 7 ' ¦• •-»«•«•¦ IW/llltrilfP SEMMP***^^^ .' Every one wants laces. That's why we are making strongest inducements in them. We want the » |
fWW2j$t/\ Wkil/lM r-T* f W/ ntTl f^Yl f^tlft L j H 1 I ft f&Yl lllttlllWUl W r ' r '~~>^&g5^ store to come in touch with as many people as it can during this effort. So what the greatest number \ \
Wl^^lmWfll vYUIllVll CHI VI Vll* &Z^^***£^ of folks want most is- what we are making the cheapest. For example: \\
kWMtISI WC vwJ° U t0 k "°w there are none better. You might think there^ vvas something "lCCCS. ' Plpntv nf Slllf PIlflTltilliP^ 9Kp" Vfl c , rMm sn - d B -'r k Oriental Laces, 10c. f } \
wi tflslla^' Wfrnl wron c with the garments if you looked .at the price hrst. We couldn t find better made or c - r . '" ' " p JTlDlllj Ul OiliV. ulldlllUlluo, 6Jb llli 3 ro 10 in.wide.. Ecru and w hite 3 to 6 Inches wide. Also amon? A
Xmr^I^Pi 1 Fl illM more desirable underwear to sell in regular stock than the For the F!rst Tims Monday Mo.-ning. That Chantilly bargain is better still, for we've them are white Point de Paris and Chantllly. 3 M >
Wm/Mr^S( ' Ui '/Ml /I /OA n . wit t\ • r* t rw\ %m Files, hooks, cuticle knives, etc. All solid added to it Ecru Orientals. White Normandy Val- inches wide. Quite a variety, a choice selection— ( Jt){
WflMmmSm WS/MH J A\\\ tiafmantC 11/ d ImIT Art I Vk llAffAnr ebony pieces with beautiful silver mount- enciennes and Point ds Paris, ranging In width 10c. - 0 , 1 I
ffll illl mm! We rill OII SaiC 10 = l!10rr0W» &y^Se O ild t S l SSa8trt t »cSS fr ° m 3 tO 5 inCheS> aU at ° ne AUgUSt price - 25c - English Torchons, 5c Yard. ||
VAlifeV) ftf/u\ It's the best offering of good underwear we ever made. Women who have been in the were considered excellent value at that, LaCeS at 15c. f£° S™ a 3 n ? n y c s he y *& e bSlh* n l£t$ t SitSfn* ?K I
WI/ #i °L seventy-five .cents, mustn't sneer at i 5 c and «c.and3Sc They'll get ttC i^an^Tn, " " ' To-o^w \£^7£?'™** U *""* P * tt " 1 * |
O B( 'If J^T as much at these prices now as they d Ret ii^ regular way for 40c and (Soc. •..'.'. At H^l? Pt^ice and black Chantillies." 3 to' 7 inches; black'Escurl- Nottingham Lace Allovers, 23c, %^\
G&53\ Won t this give our underwear business a big boost! We expect as much good from it in x ndtI * i"^ c » , als,.4^.and 6 inches, and all linen, hand-made White, IS inches wide, pretty stripes and bow- ofo ?
ITr 4 /T&Z4S the months to come as we do in the week to come. Women will get so much more than — — — — "— ~™~ ¦ Torchon Insertion, --1% to .3% inches wide, all knots patterns; laces regularly 35c and 50c. For 9K
ffi ti/m\4- 3 they pay for they can't help but come back. That's when it will pay us. Cost a good deal to Fr^fTH* Pirt lirA« ¦ * remarkau-le pnce-loc. building up they are marked 23c. g g
i*S IB^^s— 3L JL bl "ld, but the expense doesn't compare to the pleasure and comfort and return we get from ¦ * QHIC V Itllll %Z& UtZJK,* mmm^__^^ — — — _i«^_^ -^ __.__- Orf \
fM!^il^V*rV\ the buildin K a^er it is done. Point plain? Monday for the First Time. _. ' ¦ ' - _ -g fl W • \Vh
W 1 Ladies' 75 c Vests, 55c. Ladies' Underwear, 50c. c The frames are ebony, r- I l|^f* Kpcf S^llP OT 8 5lhlP 8 itlPtiC ?M
FX iAmM mvK\ Plain natural gray wool, a- soft heavy qual- 600 ladies' jersey ribbed, natural gray, un- nxed with easel backs, 7 Pni/A I V/Wl JL^W^Z? I, ik/UlV V-Fi M. %A*J IV i^lllVIl^ .\\ \ 0
/ /On l3iFbM\ wvaylfl lty - sllk neck and front, pearl buttons. shrinkable wool vests and pants; good weight, inches wide, 9 inches iJUIu' O. ¦ o %
LJ Hm JJ/W covered seams, Wgh neck, long sleeves. 40, 42 one-half wool; vests with gussets in arm, pearl hich with a class front ' ' THESE PRICES CO INTO EFFECT TO-WIORROW MORNING. g SY>
fi*H "'"HMIl and 44. We could get 75c for them just as buttons, covered seams; pants with wide laps, 5c,,kJjS.«.«« n *,r.A ;^> i-.;.^ (-, . . v > - 9«M
//MiTMm/ f^f y v as we c £ ul * get ! 5c - b P-t. you .would not French bands and shaped ankles; sizes 4, 5 and auojects are an gooa ana in nign ia- As d regular stock and much cheaper. And you know our regular.. stock is way ahead MU
ft ///// f " US 6. .Sale price 50c each. $1.00 a rait. vor. Picture stores mark them 75c; we of thea ? eraee . Maybe you don't know that; maybe if you do you only know it faintly. - Sjg
f">> I Ladies' 25c Garments for 15c. Misses' 25c Garments, 15c. v }or it R Now youare KO in R to know it beyond a doubt. M\
/J I J Merino vests or pants; plain white vests. jersey ribbed Egyptian cotton, fleece-lined muvcmcai - Ior We ve just about stopped our profit-making for a month to build up your estimation of this store &RBK
/f '/////, have high necks and long or short sleeves; vests, with pearl buttons, covered seams; color * -m -' —and linens in particular. qROK
>(\\\\l /////L-;/ Pants ankle length; sizes 28 and 30 only. ecru. Regular 25c garment; now 15c. HaiTlfTlOCk^ 1 «HS
/wlr Ladies> 35c Garments for -25c. Chad's 25c Garments, 15c. Reduc '/^ "^ tin^ t tda 'We've got so much that's new : |i!|
aL \h m . Essyt' 311 cotton, fleece lined, vests or pants, 750 ribbed cotton vests and pantalets, sum- * uce . rCe .- ° eS m f< Ot ay * ' Most of it will be shown to-morrow for the first time — all bought especially for underselling this !/ Wn
1 //if of good heavy weight, nicely made, and fln- mer weight, splendidly mado and finished. Here, is an important feature as a month Patterns are as bricht and beautiful as new-born ones ever are !?MM
I / 1- « wltn covered seams tnroughout, sizes 34, pearl buttons, covered seams: colors white and building-up movement. You want i> ($ i
*7 i I * nn O f fl Union S.nt« A Xr %& l £E5 Hc!° | ° Ur regUlar 23 ° earment - hammocks We hvant to si.ve you bar- We > ve 6 ot S0 miCCh that' S gOO(Z .' • " g 8||
/ II . Oneta Union OUltS, 45C. />.••., -^ «/ . r ««. ¦ gains in them. These three will show T , . , , ,,,,.. , . . „, , ~ . , Rffl
J A\ Genuine Oneta union suits, fleece lined, fall thlld S 50c Vests for 29c. you how in earnest we are. They are If it wasn t good we would be losing just what we are trying to gam. We can t afford to ask new XU9
i . SO weight, buttoned across the chest, pearl buttons, Swiss ribbed, natural wool, a fine quality, all heavy, closely woven cotton ham- customers to come here if we didn L give them something so good they d be bound to come back. 6 i*
I covered seams, lone in body, wide laps in back: splendidly made, well finished; sizes to fit little moc ks- each one has nillow and Catch the building-up idea? . '„,-¦ X )S
/ .a perfect fitting suit, either ecru or natural folks from 8 to 10 years old. Vests commonly mocK =' cacn one nas P" 1OW ana y ,: • v i \)S
V f 1 *^ JS 11 s .l zes - 3 « 4 > 5and 6 - Regular 60c suit. gold everywhere at 50c. On sale after to-mor- spreader. j Wo'iie rfn' tV n 77 en nhen-n • 6 \U
Sale price 4oc. row morning at 29c. 89c Were $1 39 W &VG QOj It all SO CH6ap. ffiBI
y+ . # «-^ ¦ m • . ' \ w-^ ' 9 ' -with or without valance. 6 and 7 "feet long. Because we took plenty of time to get it— then we are willing to lessen our profits if we can gain <$#$
Curtains. Portieres and Dranenes osc were $1.49. ou^t im
VClltlO^ 1. VTJl klVlVO. U11U. I/ 1 WpWl lVOi .. Dw^nce.Mtache.wmainctaionr. READ ON: Details are the most interesting parts. V
specially bought and priced for this building-up movement. $1.25 Were $1.85 - 60c Darnssk fop 48c. Table Damask 90c. $2.50 DamaskNapkins $1- 95 s' & \
The curtain store has come into line with a grand array of August values. We are determined to build up a big 7 feet long and with 2 extra wooden spread- Unbleached, 64 inches wide, all Finely woven, all linen, 70 Inches 21 inches square pure linen, pol- f^>
business if big values will do it. _ • - *"• 7Lc e Dam»sk y 55*- wide; an extra quality. Bleached Damask 95™"'
4000 Pairs Nottingham Curtains Tapestry Table Covers. Mefi'S UnderWeCP 79C. Bleached, a^lfn^n, 72** inches Bleached Damask $1.00. 66 inches wide, in polka dots with /¦j.n/.Vi*. '
Come our way advantageous. They are quite the thing for ., A splendid line of 8-quarter ones, in sizes used for din- ALL S!ZES wide; 15 pieces for special sale at eam Inches w, de Gredan^ borders^ a heavy qua my. itdllO/i
parlor and dining room purposes, and include many new and ing room tables. Another specially bought bargain for Au- ¦ ALL 5»IZES. 90c Damask fon 68c ' flK fndZ uSS nufacture - aoft SX.8S ia .dSzen; a inched tqufre. • a=szs=ssa=a
pleasing effects in the dainty Marie Antoinette and Batten- gust. They are equal to our J1.50 line, but we have marked 24. dozen garments, ready for selling »« JhUe tabling £ Inches : Bleached Damask SI 2=> \a
berg patterns at $2.00. J2.50 Ind $3.00. There are Immense them $1.25. to-morrow morning. They are wool, wide all Hnen $1 25 Damask Nankins fcl OO Dwached UamasK bl.-i5 Ai/jn/W/
quajitiUes of plain whlt« at $L00. $1.25 and $1.50 Is a big . ,.,**.,„ . , QnionHiriiv finUhcH rnn^ifiprpd £mnr1 JV A£ 5i ' 10= napkins J>I.UU Fine, Soft quality, with deep bor- / \W HfY
range of styles and qualities for hotel and lodging-house Irish Point Curtains sp endidly . hmsh€d. considcrea. .Rood $100 Damask 85c. 21 inches square, bleached and ders. »-> V>
uses. The list runs this way: Ul3 " » uiui. vuiiaiua. value at a dollar. For the building-up Two yards wide, soft, satiny fln- snowy white, splendid quality; 150 NAPKINSTO MATCH- Fi^ioK
$1.OO — % yards long, 45 to 47 in. wide — 800 pairs. "White. 3% yds. long' 50 inches wide, with handsome nar- "movement they are marked 7QC. ish. pure linen, 11 pieces. dozen and no more. $4.OO. — *-'Oy»
S \'tCkl?6 *"$* ! ong ' 5O to g *$*-%*> pa ! rs - • • han g K ei we P have C !6 n pieces V f^Au^T^cnoose'f rom^high ' \ — , Now " L? I thoughtful housekeeper who can keep from buying linens when she can get such a i. ... ... .^¦¦. 1 -
2Y2 yards long, 50 to 60 in. wide— 650 pairs. grade curtains now. UamV IUimU CI1U0 41,. chance to buy the best there is at a saving? , • I ~ r
yards long, 50 to 60 in. wide-480 pairs. *a £\i\ CJi *n c«^ nn Men S Wight 5hirtS4ZC. s ' v GoOO
$2.OO—3^ yards long, 50 to 54 in. wide— 360 pairs. . <!>-*.UU, ?>4,OtF, Jpo.UU. _ so dozen of them, made of good muslin, O _ \fn+»A £• rilMt*Racf i/^ 1 /. I i«-i£**V T^mTir^ilM/v -f^\*» •> #
5 - 3 * and 4 yards IonE ' S ° '° * inCh " ' Chenille Cnv P rV 40r SSS^^fe^S^^feS^ §^^M0^^&^SM02mm^^ I OWCllHO; tor 9C Qoods
eo rr fao aa ,/ j j'-V*' • 1 VllClllIie WUVCri>, 'fl/L. now for 42c. v "We can't think of anything in all our experience to equal that. It will create the bigrgest kind of a stir .
?«•'« and «?O.UO — y/l and 4 yards long, 50 tO 54 inches About 47 inches snnarc fnriudinz'the frineo wo'va -,11 ' ' at the llne n counter to-morrow. The toweling is 17 inches wide, twilled, and all linen. We've been selling 33 viT.-i i* 'i M. 1 tf-i -, \
wide-,40 pairs. coi^Sil %F%*3£Hk Mnse - w ' v * a11 t^^r^ w S^sS^^^S Is S 'SSffi ffiT' Ml " This 9c \\JA
Tapestry Portieres (Drummers' Sample). 12 i»2c Huck Towels w 9c. - "*
ISO Single portieres we picked up in time for August selling. They are in reds, greens, browns and blue/. Perfect con- /S/ M^^_.J^^ S!g^ V iSSfof *$? sizes - 19x34 and- 18x36.- Firm, perfect quality. 12 5 dozen go on sale to-morrow morning. \V///
dition, but they are samples, eo , '.*£% -~*^GOf*n r.iuto&^ r vc lnsteaa OI . . 1 ' ' | ¦ •
THEY ARE MARKED ABOUT 1-3 OFF. M«PicVst Near sixth Odd 20c Damask Towels, I6c. T^
Thait zneans that you can buy a portiere for $1.50 that ordinarily costs $2.23 — a clear saving of 75c. They make up for ' 1| a rit " 1 .<"¦•» near oi*mi v/pp. ' Half-bleached with figured ends, colored borders, -^ .v T^ 2> S-'-p lIJ^^VA x "* *~"
couches, hangings for single doors; 4 sizes, each $1.50, $1.75, $2.00 and $2.50. < Golden Gate. large sort ones— 1800 for special August selling. . ' ' v ¦* '¦