GENERAL BUTTERFIELD
IS SLIGHTLY BETTER,
BUT YET IN DANGER
Oakland Young Man of ¦-," "Excellent Family and Brilliant
Prospects Becomes a Slave to Morphine and Frustrates
Final Effort of Father to Save Him From the Habit
RICHARD B. POTTS ENDS ATTEMPT
AT HIS REFORMATION BY HANGING
HIMSELF IN DARK PRISON CELL
GENERAL DANIEL BUTTERFIELD,
THE CIVIL WAR LEADER, WHO IS
DANGEROUSLY ILL. "
Body Found by a Prisoner.
The ' lifeless body was found yesterday
morning at 7 o'clock by a fellow prisoner.
It. was suspended by a rope made of a
Young Potts was the only son of R. C.
Potts/ # a retired. capitalist and former
member, of the Alameda County Repub
lican Central Committee, who resides at
122S Linden street, Oakland. The father
had lavished every attention on the so a
whom he expected to bear the name with
honor and to continue his branch of the
family, but the drug habit had fastened
itself upon the young man, wrecking him
mentally and physically and blasting the
hopes of his father. The commitment to
jail was a last effort to break the fetters
that bound him.
TT^V ICHARD B.' POTTS, an Oakland
|_Wj young man of excellent ' family,
\t<S^ committed suicide early yesterday
morning by hanging himself in his
cell in the Alameda County Jail;
He had been sent to jail at his father's
instance and with his own consent in the
hope that he might be freed fronv the mor
phine habit, but despondency and the tor
ture of unsatisfied craving for the drug
caused him to^ take his own life.
¦All of this was sacrificed
by the young man through
the insidious influence of
morphine. The habit made
an abject slave of him, until
he became the associate of
dissipated wretches, his rea
son tottering and his body a
wreck. His imprisonment
was the last of a long series
of fruitless efforts to effect
his regenerations -
Young Potts had bright
prospects in life. His father
possessed wealth and social
position. He was an only
son, the last of , his branch
of the family. His father's
paternal love and pride and
hope of posterity were cen
tered in him, and exceptional
opportunities to obtain cul
ture and to satisfy ambition
were at his command.
Sick and despondent, a
miserable wreck from the
use of 'morphine and lack
ing the strength to struggle
longer against the habit,
Richard B. Potts, the only
son of a prominent Oakland
man/ put an end to his
wretched existence by hang
ing himself early yesterday
morning. The suicide oc
curred in a prison cell, where
Fotts had been placed in a
last effort to effect his refor
mation.
The father had exhausted every means
at his command to cure his son, and a3
a last resort, after gaining the boy's con
sent, had him committed to jail for • six
Father Strived to Reform Him.
had a long conversation with each other,
and when they parted the young mai
appeared in the best of spirits and an
nounced his determination to' continue
ths battle against the enslaving habit
he had contracted. In consequence fear
was not felt that he would take his own
life.
Only Saturday the son and his father
The body was removed to the "Morgue
and the young man's father was notified.
The bereaved parent told the jailers a
story of years of effort to reform his only
child.
Chief Jailer Schoenau was summoned at
once. He. cut down the suspended form.,
and loosened the noose. The body "was
still warm but life was gone.
sheet torn Into strips, one end of which
was fast to the iron grating that forms
the. ceiling of the cell. The despondent
prisoner had fastened .a noose about his
neck and then stepped off his cot, his feet
dangling twenty Inches above the cell
floor. -
months, believing . that proper medical at
tention and deprivation of opportunity to
secure'the drug would work his regenera
tion.
"I consulted with friends and physi
cians before taking- this step," said Mr.
Potts last evening, "and we decided that
this was the final effort. He was sent
to jail on, March 22- I found him getting
along well; arid believed that by thatlma
his sentence should expire I cauld* with
safety send him East to relatives near
Peoria, 111., to start anew.
' 'He was the last, except myself, of
my branch of the familv, and I hai
hoped to make a man of him. and to leave
him what fortune I possess."
Young Potts was not strong mentally
when he began to use the drug. In 1893.
while at Chicago on a visit, he became
violently insane, and was brought home
to Oakland In charge of nurses. Imme
diately upon his arrival he was examined
and committed to the State Hospital at
Agnews. After six months of treatment
Potts was released on probation, and
never since had developed violent tend
encies. His actions were at times Indica
tive of mental aberration, but the physi
cians were not willing to pronounce him
a I subject for recommitment.
RICHARD B. POTTS, WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE IN THE ALAMEDA
COUNTY JAIL, WHERE HE HAD BEEN INCARCERATED TO CUBE
HIM OF THE MORPHINE HABIT.
Mr. Stoufer performed a similar experi
ment on'J. H." Johnson, a subject In Den
ver. The same tests used on Coons were
used on Johnson with success. Both sub
jects became rigid in. the, cataleptic state,
and doctors examined the eyeballs of each
and found them not at all sensitive.', ,.f.
In- a short time ; Coons was under the
operator's influence, and at the hypno
tist's suggestion ate^ a- bit; of potato;
snuffed ammonia and ¦; performed several
of the common tests to the N genuineness
of the trance. *
posted with bulletins on the subject's con
dition. '. '¦'•¦'.' .:}L'-'\j':. :\ i '
"DENVER, April 14.— A test of hypnotlz
.lng by long "dlFtance telephone -was. per
formed successfully in Pueblo and Denver
last night by J. Edward Hilts of Cleve
land, Ohio, and Fred H. Stoufer of Pueblo.
Alonzo Coons, who has . frequently ¦ been
operated - upon j before, took his seat at ¦ a
table in a Pueblo office, with the receiver
held fast to his ear by a steel spring, such
as is used in telephone exchanges. Dr;-
Hilts spoke into the microphone in Den
ver and his voice was carried to the sub
ject 120 miles away.. A telegraphy opera tor
in the room with Coons kept the hypnotist
The suits, which have engaged the at
tention of some of the best lawyers in
the United States, were brought by
Meyer & Dickinson, Kohn. Adler & Co.,
John Wanamaker. Henry Tilge and other
PhlladelphiariE. These cases will, it Is
eajd. be called up In the United States
District Court Thursday, when judgment
win v*» c^rfpspfd apa'npt the Govprnm*>nt
for the amounts agreed upon. In other
euit» verdicts will be taken In favor of
Uie defendant*. — _
Amount Than Claimed.
PHILADELPHIA. April 14.— The Record
will say to-morrow: The famous "hat
trimming" cases. Involving $20,000,000. and
which since 18S4 have been the subject of
bitter legal battle between the Govern
ment and a number of merchants, have
at last been settled. It is stated on high
authority that a compromise has been
effected through which the merchants in
terested will receive about $4,000,000 from
the United States Treasury in full settle
ment of the much larger amount they
claim to have been forced to pay in excess
of legal duties.
Compromise Effected by Which Gov
ernment Must Pay Smaller
FAMOUS HAT-TRIMMING
CASES AT LAST DECIDED
LONDON," April - 15.— "It is asserted
here,"-, says the Vienna correspondent of
the Times, ' "that the . Ottoman ¦¦ Govern
ment has addressed a sharp note to Bul
garia demanding the immediate ' dissolu
tion "of i the Macedonian committee and
prohibition of -the Macedonian congress."
MACEDONIAN CONGRESS
FORBIDDEN BY TURKEY
While' Sheriff Perry was waiting In ithe
depot, with the negro" to take him to St.
Augustine -unknown" parties fired through
a" window and put five bullets into Kirby's
back.' He thought * he ¦"* would - die and
made a confession implicating Robert
Lee, another negro. Bloodhounds are now
af te'r Lee. ' Eskew .was well and favorably
known in Florida. The. crime has created
great excitement in St. Johns County, and
there may , be a double lynching. ,
HASTINGS. Fla.,, April 14.-Julius Es
kew, manager of the Armstrong Turpen
tine Company near here, was shot and
killed by Jim Kirby, a negro, last night.
Eskew.had $150 on his person and the
negro wanted the money., "After Eskew
was dead, it is said. Kirby started toward
the body for the purpose of robbing It,
but was ¦ frightened away. ,- He escaped
Into a swamp, where he was captured
with the aid of bloodhounds.
Crime.
Killed White Man for His Money and
Implicates Another. in the
NEGRO MURDERER SHOT
WHILE ON .WAY TO JAIL
ST. PAUL, April 15.— Trouble of a ser'
ou5 character is brewing among the build
ing trades unions of St. Paul, , and a gen
eral . strike Is said to be imminent. There
has been a long-standing difference be
tween ihe painters and decorators and
the masters' association, j the latter de
manding that their men ¦withdraw from
the Building Trades Council. The decorat
ors resisted the demand, and at a meeting
to-day formulated an ultimatum, which
will be submitted "to-morrow. They say
that if the employers accept their term*
all will be well; if not,; they will strike.
It . is understood that there is no ques
tioi of -wages or hours involved.
PECOBATORS OF ST. PAUL
THREATEN GENERAL STRIKE
temporary home north of the city re
veals the . fact that unconcealed and un
guarded in the house was Immense wealth
in jewels and precious stones. .
The husband . of the woman is in jail
awaiting j trial for insanity and the Sher
iff has taken charge of the Jewelry, the
estimated value of which is not less than
$50,000. Mrs. Iche has a sister in Birming
ham, England, the wife of a great coal
operator. I
Fortune in Jewels Found in the
House of a Woman Dead in
Arizona. •
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 14.— The- death
here last night of Mrs. Robin Iche at her
DIES, AND HEB GEMS
" -". REST ALL UNGUARDED
Petersburg, has decided to build thirty
two coast fortresses to resiat ft foalblo
Japanese invasion. ..-_--
"Fiends."
LONDON". April 15.— According to the
St. Petersburg correspondent of the Dally
Mall the Korean Government has pro
mulgated a law enforcing the penalty of
death for ODium smoking.
The Government of Korea, according
to a dispatch to the Daily Mall from St.
Law Is Promulgated Inflicting Cap
ital Punishment on Korean
DEATH HAY BE PENALTY
.FOB OPIUM SMOTTTTRS
in the interest of the Ztonistic movement
and demonstrated their approval of the
plan which, It is hifped. will restore the
ancient prestige of the Jews as a nation.
The plan is to raise, a fund sufficiently
large to purchase land in Palestine from.
the Turks and make It a haven for the
oppressed Jews of every land. One of the
branches of the organization Is located
In Milwaukee. Dr. Caro of this city, one
of the chief promoters of the movement,
says the cause is to be prosecuted with
fervor.
Would Purchase in Palestine a Haven
for the Oppressed of Their
Race.
MILWAUKEE, WIs., April 14.— Fifteen
hundred Hebrews' hold a meeting to-day
JEWS FLAN A BEVIVAL
OF NATIONAL PRESTIGE
Two Experts. Operate x Upon Subjects One
Hundred and Twenty Miles Away.
SUCCESSFUL HYPNOTISM
OVER A TELEPHONE WIRE
POMONA. April 14.— Nothing else Is
talked In Pomona Valley but the attempt
of the Southern Pacific Comptny to seize
First street here by building a side track
on It before the City Council can grant a
franchise to the new Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad to build its main line
along that thoroughfare.
Every one is waiting for the first at
tempt of the Southern Pacific laborers to
relay a side track on First street, and
whenever the attempt* is made there
Is sure to be excitement and possibly a
fracas. The citizens of Pomona are unan
imous In the determination to resist the
least aggression of the Southern Pacific
Company on the city property. The scene
of the track laying yesterday is guarded
by scores of men, and whenever „ the rail
road work train comes back to Pomona
with another lot of trackmen and track
material, an alarm will be given on the
city fire bell and over 2000 armed men will
rush to resist the laborers' efforts to
seize First street
The work train with its crew of Mexican
laborers and construction' material .left
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pomona Now Thoroughly Aroused and' in
Readiness for a Battle.
ARMED CITIZENS AWAIT
THE RAILROAD LABORERS
NEW TORK, April • 14.—General
Butterfleld, who Is suffering from
an attack of paralysis, was
slightly better to-day. How-
ever, owing to the advanced age
of the general, physicians are not san-
guine of his recovery.
Butter field's malady. -It is due, the physl
clans say, to • lesion of , the third left
frontal convolution of the brain. Sensory
aphasia is an incapacity to comprehend
the meaning of spoken words, and may
accompany the other form of the malady
after it has declared itself.
town suddenly last evening, and spent the
night at Ontario, eight miles from here.
All last night armed men were on the
business streets here ready for action
when the guards might give the signal
that. the track laying was being renewed.
Men slept in livery stables and in barns
near the scene-, of the track laying, so as
to be ready to resist the railroad aggres
sions with the least possible delay. .
To-morrow the Pomona City Council
will probably grant a franchise to the
street to the Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad Company. It may be that the
fight for the street will be continued only
in the courts from this time forth, but
the guarding of the city's rights will not
be relaxed a moment. Chief .Engineer
Swain says that he was sent here by the
Southern Pacific Company to construct a
side track on First street'and that he was
unprepared for the angry resistance his
men met with here. He says, however,
that the track will be laid when he wishes
to lay it and that the railroad company
owns half the land on First street.
NEW TORK, April 15.— The Press says the Pennsylva
nia, America's greatest railroad system, not content with
the absorption of its' rivals, the Baltimore and Ohio and the
Chesapeake and Ohio railways, and the complete domination
of the Eastern territory, Is seeking entrance to San . Fran
cisco, and that control of either the Santa Fe or the Rock
Island will be secured for this purpose.
Immense docks, costing several millions of dollars, are
now being constructed on the Atlantic coast for the accom
modation of the American line of steamers, which as con
trolled by the Pennsylvania. This railroad will then have
practically a through line from San Francisco to Southamp
ton and London. The capital stock has been increased from
$150,000,000. to $250,000,000.
¦ J J. Hill and associates of the Great Northern Railroad
had acquired control of the Northern Pacific and J. Pierpont
Morgan had invited Hill to go" into the Erie. Then the two
got control of the Burlington, forming a through transcon
* '• ............ ««f • • _»._»_!.
tinental.line. Meanwhile the Harriman syndicate, with the
Union Pacific, the ¦ Southern • Pacific. ! and . the . Alton, and
Gould, with the Wabash and other lines extending to Buf
falo and Pittsburg, threatened to ""bottle "up"" the Pennsyl
vania, at Its Western terminal. '.' "Wall ¦'. street contends that
the purchase of the Santa Fe or the Rock Island Is the- logr
ical outcome. "Wall street Is so certain that the Pennsylva
nia must" extend: that it is predicted \much higher prices for
the shares of railroads' which operate westward from the
Mississippi will prevail. 1 /¦
The.facVthata'b'uyer like the Pennsylvania, with Its tre
mendous resources, is in the market to buy out railroads
overshadows all other considerations. ' Trading in the Stock
Exchange last week was Influenced . almost solely by this
factor.' The > volume of business was beyond all records and
the greatest activity was in. railroad shares. Prices rose
generally, but the shrewd judges of street dealing maintain
that only the beginning of the rise In railroad issues has
been experienced.:;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD SEEKING
AN ENTRANCE TO SAN FRANCISCO
There has been a large Increase in the
number of saloons In the neighborhood of
all army posts. This is directly contrary
to the experience when the canteen was
first r>ut into operation. Then there was
a decrease In the number of saloons In the
neighborhood of army posts.
There has been a decided increase In the
number of saloons in the village of Phoe
bus. Va.. adjoining the military reserva
tion on which Fort Monroe Is located.
Officers say that If the soldiers would con
fine themselves to light drinks in these
saloons the evil would not be so great,
but. Instead of drinking light beers and
wines, such as were sold in the post can
teens, they drink cheap whisky and other
heavy liquors, and they are led into gam
bling games and ' other forms of vice,
which could not exist within the limits of
a military post.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W.,
WASHINGTON, April 14.— Intoxication
and riotous conduct among private sol
diers of the army have been alarmingly
increased by the operation of the law
abolishing the sale of beer in post can
teens. This Is the Information that comes
to the War Department from every part
of the country where troops are stationed.
In Washington several new saloons have
opened and are doing a flourishing .busi
ness near Fort Meyer.
Special Xtttpatch to The Call.
Increase in Intoxication and
Rioting Alarms Army
Offuials.
ANTI-CANTEEN
LAW RUINOUS
but cannot ariculate them, although his
vocal apparatus and power of phonation
are intact. This is the form of General
Aphasia is, as the 'Greek etymology im
plies, an Impairment In the expression of
ideas, either by speech or by writing, la
one form of aphasia the patient remem
bers the words which he wishes to utter,
. General Butterfleld's ailment is a recur-'
rence of an attack of aphasia, which
prostrated him in the summer of 1899.
close connection of the Morgans with the
Government, owing to the fact that a
partner of the London house of J. P. Mor
gan & Co. Is Clinton Dawkins, who re
signed his position as financial member of
the council in India to accept the chief
place in the Anglo-American house.
coft, ear of £100 ,000,000.. _ will be floated,
chargeable on the revenues of the an
nexed republics. * ¦
Color is given to the suggestion by the
has elicited a deluge of suggestions, rang
ing from high protection to a wholesale
grab of millions supposed to be in
chancery, but a Lombard street man who
claims to know what he is talking about
declares Mr. Morgan's visit to London at
a moment when the budget absorbs atten
tion is anything but accidental. More un
likely things have happened, he says, than
Mr. Morgan finding cash to meet the de
ficit of the British exchequer.
For weeks past, he declares, the Gov
ernment financial department has been
feeling New York opinion regarding the
feasibility of raising a loan of £10,000.000
or £15,000,000. The present condition of
the New Tork money market leads to the
belief that it could be obtained for 3 to 3*4
on a loan Issued at par. Lombard street
•would want at least one-half per cent
more.
The general opinion of financiers here is
that the Government intends to continue
the present policy of getting funds from
hand to mouth until the war is really
over, and then a loan covering the entire
LONDON. April 14.— Between the Chan
cellor of the Exchequer and J. Pierpont
Morgan the financial world at this mo
ment Is In a position to do some tall
guessing.
While each In his own way provides
abundant scope for conjecture regarding
his Intentions, the tallest guess yet heard
couples the two named in somewhat re
znarkable fashion.
How Sir Michael Hicks-Beach intends
providing funds to meet the war deficit
Ep«cial Cable to The CaH and Ktw York Her
ald. Copyrl«bt. JS01. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Britain Negotiating for a
Loan to Cover War
Deficit
Object of Pierpont
Morgan's Visit to
London.
WALL STREET
MAY LEND AID
TO ENGLAND
"We can easily conceive it to be possi
ble that a '_ private gentleman having so
many ladies under his charge and sub
jected tb r the. horrors of, the siege ; of
Peking: should be moved to such'a pitcn
of Indignation against- the Chinese which
might warp his -Judgment and blind; his
mental vision ; when 'an ; opportunity pre
sented itself/ but It passes our comprehen
sion how the , official representative of a
great nation .should be ' so I forgetful
of ¦ his position as to lend t his' countenance
orl authority _ to any such'' measure as the
Infliction^ of punishment. upon- presumably
unoffending communities' which lay at his
mercy.ahd,' least: of "all,, that he should
delegate his authority, to irresponsible and,
prejudiced /religious ; agents.-Vwho, . .what
ever \ their, good \qualities '; in their ' espe
tial line, ,'• have '¦ never ; been credited with
an overweening amount of tact, Judgment
or worldly wisdom. 1^ /j - >^.i .';^;^ •,- > ••.;
The statement is made in a letter writ
ten by the Rev. . Mr. Gait to the Kobe
Chronicle, in ; which - the writer , say s , that
the missionary tribute excursions in
China were indorsed and to some' extent
authorized by Mr. Conger, the United
States Minister. * Commenting' on 'the
Rev. Mr. Gait's letter, the Japan Adver
tiser says:' . ; " ; ' ', .
VICTORIA, B. C, April 14.— Included in
the advices brought by the steamer Duke
of Fife, .which arrived this evening, was
a statement made by a missionary lately
arrived in Japan from. Peking to the ef
fect that the United States Minister 'to
China was In accord with the' punatlve
expeditions led by missionaries who col
lected tributes from the Chinese villages
as indemnities' for the murder of Chinese
Christians- and the destruction ' of the'r
property," these same, indemnities being
obtained, as a rule, as the result of threats
made by the missionaries that unless the
indemnity was forthcoming the villages
would be burned.;
ized Excursions for Tribute.
Missionaries Say He Partly Author-
The conduct of the Ministers of the pow
ers over the negotiations with the Chi
nese plenipotentiaries causes much .ad
verse comment among the military
authorities. Their dilatory tactics have
prevented what might have been accom
plished two months ago. Even now the
meetings of the Ministers are postponed
for the most trivial causes, for instance,
the desire of one Minister to go on a pic
nic to the tombs of the Ming dynasty pre
vented the holding of a meeting for a
number of days. Then M. de Giers and
other Ministers insisted upon celebrating
Easter, and thus* a week was consumed.
In a third case a visit by one Minister to
Tientsin held up negotiations for four
days. These are fair illustrations of what
has been almost continuous since the be
ginning^ >
"¦ ' •
HOLD CONGER RESPONSIBLE.
"It is the object of certain elements,"
he asserts, "to make it seem that China
is In a condition of constant broil, render
ing it unsafe for the foreign 'troops to be
withdrawn. Those who have this in view
will magnify a village quarrel into a big
rebellion. Th* ' missionaries, naturally
timid, take these reports in good faith."
Prince Ching says all his reports go to
show - that the missionary statements re
garding a rebellion In Mongolia are not
supported by the" facts. Neither does he
believe that the rebellion of General Tung
Fun Siang amounts to much.
Ministers Are Censured.
The preparations which the Japanese
here are making, for an early start indi
cate" that they expect*. war between Rus
sia and Japan. Vessels arriving at Taku
from Nagasaki report the mobilization [ of
the Japanese .fleet, ,* and the continuance
of preparations on board ship for" the an
ticipated struggle.
No reply having been received to this
communication, Li Hung Chang was to
day notified to the same effect, and told
that Emperor Hwang Su must give an'im
mediate answer. ...
It was pointed out to the Chinese pleni
potentiary that the Emperor's return was
of the highest importance as affecting the
maintenance of, the integrity of the Chi
nese empire, and that he should come ; ac
companied by every available soldier-<-by
at least 20,000 men if possible. These
troops, it was further contend?d by the
Japanese Minister, must be sent Into Man
churia, as the Russians reported great
disturbances there and it was not right
that the task of quelling the trouble
should be thrown upon the 'shoulders of
one nation. Finally Prince Ching was as
sured that if the 20,000 Chinese troops
could not suppress the disorders, in _ Man
churia, other powers would send an inter
national force to co-operate with China,
which all the powers regarded as a friend
ly power. . •
PEKING. April 14.— Koumara Toutara,
the Japanese Minister, . accompanied by-
General Yamaguchi, the Japanese com
mander, recently, called upon Prince Ching
and notified him, that the return of Em
peror Kwang ¦ Su . to Peking: was urgently
desired. Prince Ching was informed that
the Emperor's wishes would be respected
by the foreign representatives and that
every courtesy would be shown him. •
Should It : Prove Jnadequate
International • Porcie s Will
Co-operate.
Demands That Army
of Clima Be Sent
to Manchuria,
JAPAN MOVES
TO CHECKMATE
CZAR'S PLANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SAN FKANCISCO;: MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 136.
Illness From Which the Warrior. Suffers
Is a Recurrence of the Attack of
Aphasia That Prostrated Him in 1899A Month's Test Free.
Cabinet, has decided to -request the! Impe
rial '. Government . to I negotiate for : the ac-«
quirement of Kerguellenland, or Island of
Desolation, in the • Indian : Ocean, which
was annexed by France in 1893. '
MELBOURNE, April 14.— The Federal
Board of Health of Los GatoS. Orders
Suspension of Education Because/
. , „. of Smallpox. :, . ' \- :
SAN JOSE, April 14.— There is a clash
of -authority between the* Board of School
Trustees of Los Gatos and the Town
Board of Health of that place. Los Gatos
has had | one or two ,. sporadic . cases of
smallpox, but the School Board 'did not
think the situation serious. The Health
Board, 'however, viewed the matter differ
ently, and one day last week ordered* the
schcol closed. George C Russell, princi
pal of the school, was notified of- the ac
tion taken- and discontinued the school as
requested. * The School Board- considers
the action of the Health Board unwar
ranted and says that the school will be
opened to-morrow, while the Health Board
threatens to resort to an injunction to up
hold the position it has taken. > •
Australia Wants Island:
CLASH -OF "ATJTHORITTES |
;:A ; - ¦ OVER SCHOOL CLOSING/
LONDON, April 14. — The agitation
against Sunday concerts has been revived
in London. A circular signed by Baa-on
Kinnalrd. Rev. Dr. Farrar. Dean of Can
terbury. Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, editor
of the Methodist Times, and others, has
been addressed to clergymen throughout
the country asking them to preach
against the secularization of the Sabbath.
Object to Sunday Concerts.
Refuse W Work Again Unless Asso-*
elation Official- Is Re-employed
Also..
McKEESPORT, Pa., April 14.— The em
ployes of the Dewees Woods plant of the
National Steel Company - held a meeting
to-night for the purpose of discussing the
dismissal of several of their fellow work
men because It is said they- had recently
organized a branch of the Amalgamated
Association.- " ,, . : . -
Several of the men were discharged and
on application of the employes all were
reinstated except George Holloway. presi
dent of the lodge. The officials absolutely
refused to reinstate him and the employes
decided to strike. One gang of men are
supposed to go. to work at midnight and
trouble is feared if any attempt to re
sume work is made.. ,-¦ . . ; r . 4
. ¦ ¦ » — ¦ '.
Engine Bumps Into a Cow.
'' PETALUMA, April 14.^The southbound
passenger train that left here at 5:30
o'clock this afternoon bumped Into a cow
as it- was nearing a small station, eight
miles below this place. The engineer blew
a dozen whistles, but the cow refused to
budge-aJVl was crashed into, comminuted
and macadamized. The engine was slight
ly ditched and damaged to a small extent.
Traffic was delayed an 'hour. ; : •
Mrs. Wiliam Day Better.
CANTON, Ohio, April 14.— Mrs.' William
R. Day, wife of ex-Secretary Day; has re
covered i complete * ' consciousness ' SJ and
passed a very comfortable day. *¦ Her phy
sicians are more hopeful to-night of her
recovery. - '¦''.¦¦ . . .
STEEL • WORKERS STRIKE
TO SUPPORT PRESIDENT
Miners Hurry From a Klondike Camp
-at Night to Locate Claims
. Before Stamps del •
'NANAIMO, B. C., April 14.-John Mc-
Gill of this city, writing his mother
from Eureka Creek, Indian River district,
Klondike, tells of how -the rich, strike re
ported from that quarter was ' made on
March 2. Another Nanaimo man, one of
the large party of men from here now
working in Klondike, found rich pay dirt
Ih No. 12, Eureka Creek, and reported his
find quietly to McGlll, who at once let all
the other Nanaimo miners Into the secret
Arrangements were then made to travel
the sixty-two miles from | their, camp to
Eureka Creek during the night. Imme
diately after dark McGill, Pearson W
Speck, Willis, Pettigrew and Swanson set
off, and got clear of the camp without at
tracting the attention of their neighbors
They covered the sixty-two miles in rec
ord time, promptly staked out all they
wanted' and' then returned to. record It
was found that the dirt runs as high as$l
to the pan, and In some places more. The
discovery is on a hillside claim, .as most
of the claims are in •that locality, and it
will be very easy to work. • .
McGill says that it will take a month dr
six weeks to determine. the full extent and
value of the discovery. As soon as the
news got out that a strike had been made
on Eureka a- qtampede set inland in a
short time every foot of land within miles
was under claim. The Nanaimo miners
are now developing as fast as they can
A settlement has ; already- grown up at
Eureka and the population is increasing
daily at a surprising rate. All the Nana
imo party were doing well at their former
locations, but from McGill's letter it is
evident that | they have now struck the
bonanza they were%es:peetlng. A number
of. men who started for Nome on hearin"
the news turned back- and decided to stay
with the Yukon Valley a little longer. The
Nanaimo miners will remain in the Klon
dike,all the coming summer and fall and
come scuth at the beginning of next win
ter. : : "•>" . ,.':•.¦.:¦ '. . . . < ,
TRTJDGE MANY MILES
. TO A LAND OF GOLD
MONTEREY, April 14.— The Pajaro
Valley* Consolidated Railway Company
has closed a contract for. the constructior
of an elevated crossing fcr its track over
the Southern Pacific Compai_y's main line
of track about one and one-half miles
south of Salinas. The. work will cost abont
$7000. It has. been rendered necessary be
cause of the Increased number of ¦ trains
since the opening of the new Coast line.
to a meeting here to-day, said his recent
visit to - Chicago had convinced him that
Irish-Americans would contribute noth
ing to the fund of the party seeking the
freedom of Ireland through parliamentary
agitation. He declared that It would not
be desirable to pin faith to constitutional
agitation at a time when England's power
trembled in the balance.
.. * _ -^* — - — '
Irrigation for xolo County.
WOODLAND, April 14. — The committee
appointed by a | convention of taxpayers
to investigate the irrigation question made
a partial report to-day, which is encour
aging to ttie farmers and fruit growers of
Yolo. ." It includes a letter from W H
Mills, which expresses the opinion that a
system of irrigation can be developed for
Yolo County unsurpassed by any i n the
State and which will result in Increasing
Yolo County's population to 50,000 and
Woodland's to 25,000. u
Mountaineer Mine Is Leased.
NEVADA CITY, April 14.— A lease of
the -Mountaineer mine has been filed with
the County Recorder conveying the prop
erty for a period of two years to T J j
Sloat of Ohio. The instrument gives the
lessee the right to purchase the property
for $50,000 at any time during its term.
The lessee must expend $15,000 in develop
ment, which is to include $4000 for a sand
plant already erected. Sloat has an abun
dance of capital and is determined to ex
plore the property. . . .
New Crossing for a Railroad.
Mayor of Limerick Says Chicago Visit
Convinced Him of
This;
LIMERICK, April 14.-John Daly, Mayor
of Limerick, in the course of an address
NO HUSH- AMERICAN FUNDS
FOB HOME B.TJLEBS' PARTY
TORONTO, Ontario, April 14. — A clever
bank swindler made a heavy haul in To
ronto on Saturday, the total amount of
which will not be known until the tellers
and ledger-keepers in various banks check
up • business to-morrow. . A stranger,
claiming to live in Halifax, openeft an ac
count in the Imperial Bank Saturday
mcrning, depositing $50. Shortly after
ward he presented a check for $20, which
was marked by the ledger-keeper. Short
ly before 1 o'clock, during ¦ the rush pre
ceding the close, this check, * raised to
$2455, was presented . to the teller, and
cashed. The same procedure was adopted
at the Bank of Commerce, where a check
raised from $20 to $2900 was cashed. " It is
believed several other banks were simi
larly victimized. . . ;
Small Check- to Larger
Denomination.
Victimizes Several Banks by Altering
CLEVER BANK SWINDLES
SUCCESSFUL IN TOEONTO
Boute.
KNOXVJLLE, Tenn., April 14.— The
board of managers of the National Homes
for Soldiers completed their investigation
of a site for a new home to be erected at
Johnson City. Tenn., and passed through
here this afternoon en route to^Los An
geles to inspect the home at that place.
The board has under advisement two sites
known as the Carnegie and Lyle tracts,
one oT which will be selected and an
nounced, by the time the party reaches
New Orleans. The Lyle tract of. 400 acres
will probably be selected. The party con
sists of General Martin T. McMahon,
New York; General W. J. Sewell, Cam
den, N. J.: Colonel L. J. Mitchell, Mil
waukee; Colonel George W. Steel e, Mar
ion, Ind.; General W. B. Franklin, Hert
ford, Conn.; General A. L. Parson, Pitts
burg, Pa.: General Charles E. Anderson.
Greenville, Ohio: Colonel S. G. Cooke,
Harrington; General T. J. Henderson,
Princeton, 111. ; General M. J. Brown,
Portland, Me.; Major W. H. Bonsall, Los
Angeles, and General J. B. Patrick, New
York. >
Will Investigate Site for New Insti
tution at New Orleans En
SOLDEEBS' HOME MANAGERS .:
COMING TO LOS ANGELES
ST. JOSEPH, April 14.-John Brightman,
Qne of the best known business men of this
city for many years, died at the State
Hospital for the Insane here to-day ¦ of
paresis, aged 65 years. .
John Brightman.
BERLIN, April 14.— Emil Kempin. doc
tor of laws and one of the foremost lead
ers of the women's Movement in Ger
many, has just died in an insane asylum
at Balse, Switzerland.
Emil Kempin.
PITTSBURG. April 14.— B. Reinecke.
one of the pioneer oil refiners of Western
Pennsylvania and for thirty-one yeara
president of Reinecke. Wilson & Co..
brass foundry and plumbers' supplies,
died here to-day, aged 67 years.
B. Hsinecke.
LONDON, April 15.-Sir Edward WH
11am Wilkins, former chairman of tho
Southeastern Railway, the \ Manchester.
Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway and
the Metropolitan and East London Rail
way, died yesterday, aged nearly 82 year3.
Edward William Wilkins.
OMAHA. April 14.— Colonel John R. Mu
sick. author, journalist and politician,
died . of heart failure at his apartments
in this city to-day. Mr MusIck devoted
the greater part of his life to wTitir.g his
torical stories- for young people. He was
twice president of the Authors* Guild of
New York City and was for several ternia
grand chancellor commander of the
Knights of Pythias for the State of Mis
souri. His most ambitious work was the
"Columbia Historical Novels," in twelve
volumes. -¦>:¦•-".
Colonel John E. Musick.
WALLACE, -Idaho, •April • 14.— "Jack"
Powell was shot and killed at Mullan last
night by Deputy Sheriff Williams.^Three
men fired from ambush at Deputy Sheriffs
James Rose and Williams at midnight,
wounding Rose twice in the right arm
and once in the right thigh. Deputy Wil
liams fired six or seyen shots in the direc
;. ? n ,°,£ i he flash es and fatally wounded
Jack .Powell.- Powell was seen running
away after the shooting, and his body was
not found until this morning.
Martial law, which had been in force in
Shoshone County since the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan concentrator was blown ud
on April 29, 1899, was abolished last Thurs
day by Governor Hunt. Threats had been
made that with the abolition, of martial
law all who served as officers under it
would be "done up," and.it is said these
officers went out alone after dark. •;-".
Revival of Trouble , in the
Coeur D'Alene Mining
Region.
DEPUTY SHERIFF
KILLS DESPERADO
The San Francisco officials are anxious
that the couple- should be returned there,
and if no case can be established against
them here they will be taken back to San
Francisco. •
The persons mentioned In the foregoing
dispatch are known to the police of this
city, but whether a connection can be es
tablished between the woman and a series
of burglaries in the Mission is yet a. % ques
tion with- the police.
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
yesterday from ' Los Angeles, but, owing
to Its .Indeflniteness of description, was
unable to form any conclusion. ' The Los
Angeles officers were -instructed to hold
the couple pending further developments.
The woman was recently engaged as a
cook in the Meyberg home, and on Friday
afternoon disappeared. ; At the same time
about $1000 worth of jewelry also disap
peared. She was later seen in . the com
pany Of Gardella. At the time she had a
valise supposed to have contained the
stolen jewelry. • ' .•
When the »man and woman parted, the
latter retained the valise, • but when ! ar
rested the jewels were gone. The police
are of the opinion that the jewelry was
secreted in the Arroyo Seco, and all day
officers have been searching, the arroyo,
but so far without success. *
LOS ANGELES, April 14.— It is [ now
claimed that the man and woman under
arrest here for stealing jewelry from the
home of Moritz Meyberg are old hands
at the • business and are wanted in San
Francisco. A telegram from Captain Sey
mour of the San Francisco detective force
states that the real name of the man is
Francisco Gardella and that the woman
is known as Julia Ganzaliski. There are
four chages of grand larceny against
them in San Francisco.
San Francisco Police Want
Persons in Custody at
Los Angeles.
ARRESTS MAY
UNCOVER CRIME
coursing Sacramento Boy ¦won, Dixon Boy
second and Buxton third. It was the
best day's coursing of the season.
Coursing in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. April 14.— In to-day's
Jesuit Convent" Fired.
MADRID. April 14.— Dispatches from
Lisbon announce that an attempt was
made to destroy by fire the Jesuit convent
at Aviero, Portugal, but the flames were
extinguished by the police. The incen
diaries have not been discovered.
Italians Leave France.
TOULON. April 14.— The Italian squad
ron, commanded by the Duke of Genoa,
which participated in the Franco-Italian
festivities here last week, sailed from
Toulon this morning.
Russian Easter Promotions.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 14.— The list
of Russian Easter promotions and decora
tions includes Count Lamsdorff, the For
eign Minister, and his assistant. Prince
Obolenski: Count von der Osten-Sacken
Russian Embassador to Germany; M. d<»
Glers. Russian Minister to China- M
d'lsolysky, Russian Minister to Japan*
and others.., ; . >_ ,
i* •
veys in Southern California. Government
land is surveyed by contract, and unt' 1
it is officailly examined and reported upon
cannot be approved and' opened 'to set
tlement. Owen has just completed the
examination of the surveys in the Grand
Canyon district of Arizona. He !jas work
planned that will take him all over Cal
ifornia and will occupy him for a period
of six months.
Examinine* Government Lands.
LOS ANGELES, April 14.— United States
Examiner of Surveys W. O. Owen ' is
here to examine a number of recent sur-
here yesterday, as bearing on the date of
the forthcoming series of track games be
tween Yale-Harvard and Oxford-Cam
bridge teams in New York, that the En
glish athletes have never absolutely' ex
cluded the idea of a. meeting in July,' as
teems to be the impression in certain ath
letic circles in the United States. The of
ficial communication sent by C. M. Jack
eon, treasurer of the Oxford Athletic Club
in reply to the challegne distinctly said
that, although July 15 was impossible, it
was just possible, though difficult, that
the contests might be held at the end
of July.
as follows:
%M trot, stake $10,000, 23 nominations; -2:20
trot, stake $2000, 34 nominations; 2:30 trot,
etake $2000. S3 nomination*; 2:10 pace, stake
nO.000. 31 nominations: 2:14 pace, stake -J20O0,
23 nominations; 2:25 pace, ?2000. 35 nominations.
July Date Acceptable.
LONDON, April 14— It was pointed out
tlons-' The Roger Williams. . 2:14, .trot,
stake $10,000, has twenty-eight nomina
tions. All of the stakes are filled and are
San Francisco announces that Joseph A.
Murphy, secretary of the St. Louis Fair
Association and judge at the Fair Grounds
and Delmar tracks here, has resigned
both positions, and -will not.be connected
with either track in any capacity.
President Till^s of the St. Louis Fair
Association said: , "We received a letter
from him early in the week, insisting upen
the right to name the associate judge, and
saying, that he thought he should also be
permitted to name ih*». starter. We did
not feel justified in conceding those priv
ileges, go notified him. While we regret
to lose him, we did not think it right he
Fhould ask such extensive authority. \Ve
have-not yet determined what action we
will take in the matter."
f .
Entries for Narragansett.
PROVIDENCE. R. I.. Aoril 14.—Secre
tary Dexter announces the entries for the
early closing stakes of the Narragansett
Park grand circuit meeting August 26-30,
Which closes with the record list of en
tries for the circuit. The total number of
nominations to the six stakes was 184.
which is a record. The Park Brew 2:10
pace, stake $10,000, has thirty-one nomina-
ST. LOUIS. April It— A telegram from
JUDGE MTJRPKY HANDS
IN HIS RESIGNATION
MINNEAPOLIS. April 14.— A . lockout
will begin here to-morrow, involving 5(M
or more carpenters and other workers.
The Building: Trades Council and the
Master Builders' Association are the
chief factors involved. Forty-four con
tractors are Involved. . The trouble !s
caused by the refusal of the master build?
<ts to agree to the working rules of tht
carpenters' union.
lockout to occxra which
WILL INVOLVE CARPENTERS
belong. The horseshoers will do the ac
tual work of shoeing, a horse on. a plat
form on a float; the Dairymen's Union
will show a lot of fine cows; the Typo
graphical Union, several hundred strong,
will print, a paper as the procession
passes* and so on throughout the scene of
organizations represented In the local
council of the -Federated Trades. The
May Queen and her Maids of Honor will
also appear in this parade. -
Arrangement^ for the great floral pa
rade.on the second'day of the fair are
progressing satisfactorily, and the joint
committee of ; the three local parlors of
the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, who have it in charge, declare that
it will far excel the last floral pageant.
¦ The. contest for May Queen Is growing
interesting. Nearly 13,000 votes have al
ready^ been cast. It is still too early,
however, to predict which of the several
handsome young candidates will secure
the honor. .
TACOMA, Wash., April 14.— A sensa
tional political crisis exists In Seoul,' the
capital, of Korea. The news- was brought
to-night by the steamship" Duke of Fife
that the Government has beheaded Kim
Yang Chun for planning . to make the
son of the Emperor's favorite mistress
Lady Om, heir to the throne, displacing
the Prince Imperial, son of the murdered
QUeen. : ¦ .
The decapitated official was the leader
of the Kim faction, which has been en
gaged for months in deadly rivalry with
the Mln faction, led by Min Kongsik, for
the domination of Korean politics. The
Miri faction learned of the plot against
the Prince Imperial, and a street fight
between the factions resulted.-
After KJm Yang Chun was beheaded
that clique gathered in such force that
Min Kongsik and his chief supporters
were imprisoned, Min being ordered ban
ished for fifteen years. Ku Won Cha',
Minister of ,War, and another official, ad
herents of Kim Tang Chun, resigned,
and precipitated a Cabinet crisis. Li Cat
Yong Minister of the Household, and,
Governor Yim Tak Yong of . Kyonki<?o
were arrested for complicity in the same
plot It was planned to take Lady'Om
and her son away from Seoul and await k
favorable opportunity to place the lat
ter on- the throne. Late tidings receive J
at Yokohama from Seoul states that the
crisis continues.- ( . - .
Political Crisis Threatens
the:Safety of the Gov
ernment. > •¦
CIVIL FEUDS
RENDING KOREA
The i arches really deserve more than
passing notice. The beautiful structure
which is to span L street at Tenth sug
gests the-Italian renaissance with its Ro
man areanthus. The arch will be white
erected thereon as decorative fea
tures of the State Fair and Trades Carni
val, which -opens May 6. The asphalt
pavements, which the arches will
enclose, will 'be kept as clean ¦• an-1
smooth ias a "ballroom floor, and when all
the booths are in place and the thou
sands of lights turned on at night, a de
lightful promenade will be afforded the
throngs that are expected to join in the
festivities of Carnival week. •
SACRAMENTO, April 14.— L and N
streets, bordering Capitol Park,
are no longer thoroughfares.
Four magnificent arches are being
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The. Labor Day parade will be one.' of
the interesting events of the fair week.
Assemblyman Louis Reeber has been
chosen grand marshal for the occasion.
The various local unions ; announce that
they will spend $8000 on their turnout.
'Every available member of every labor
union in the city will! be in line, and each
j union will" be represented by a float illus
1 trative of the trade to which its members
. , The. arch at -Tenth and N streets" will
be of French design and of equal beauty
with the one described. The most skilled
artisans will be employed to -"So the work.'
The , two. arches at Fifteenth street, will
be of corresponding attractiveness. ; -.
and will contrast strikingly with the
green foliage of the park. On either side
Bf the great arch will be tapering col
umns, supporting a beautifully ornament
ed entabliture, the freeze of which will be
ornamented, with festoons and masks, and
a moulded cornice supported with carved
medallions and dentals. -
ONE OF THE YOUNG LADIES WHO IS AMONG THE-FAVORITES IN THE CONTEST FOR" MAT QUEEN AT
THE BRILLIANT STREET FAIR AND TRADES CARNIVAL WHICH IS TO BE HELD ' IN SACRAMENTO
EARLY NEXT MONTH. ¦<
CALL BUREAU. -ICC G STREET, N. W.,
WASHINGTON, April 14.^General John
A. Kasson of Iowa enjoys the novel dis
tinction of being an officer of the Gov
ernment who refuses to receive a cent of
salary, although carried on the salary
rolls. ' ¦ '
General Kasson was appointed by the
President immediately after the passage
of the Dingley law as special reciprocity
commissioner, and the salary he Is re
ported to have been tendered was $10,000 a
year. . His negotiations with foreign gov
ernments resulted In 1 reciprocity agree
ments and reciprocity treaties with
France, Great Britain, Argentine, Nicar
agua. Ecuador and other countries. Be
cause of the failure of the Senate to act
on the treaties General Kasson decided
last month to tender his resignation.
President McKinley declined to receive it
and requested General Kasson to retain
office. As the administration has decided
not to permit the signature oi any more
reciprocity treaties until after the ratifi
cation of at least one of the instruments
by the Senate, there is now comparative
ly little work for General Kasson to do.
He has agreed, however, to resume duty
provided the Senate will at. the next ses
sion ratify a reciprocity, treaty or treaties.
General Kasson has announced his- un
willingness to draw salary while he is not
actively serving the Government, and his
pay will recommence when he resumes
the work of negotiation.
General Kasson Refuses to
Draw a Salary He His
Not Earned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARVEL AMONG
OFFICE-HOLDERS
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 14.— Despondent
and tired of. his long fight against dis
ease, Edward Naegele 6t Chicago yester
day committed suicide. Hi's body, with a
bullet hole in the forehead, was found In
a tent where he camped on his chicken
ranch north of this city.
Prefers Death to Disease.
TACOMA, Wash., April 14.— J. D. Mee
nach, an Eastern mining expert, left yes
terday for Virgin Bay in the Copper River
district, Alaska, to double the force of
men at work on the Virgin Bay copper
mines, owned by Sleenach and John Low
ber Welsh, a Philadelphia banker. They
paid $6000 for the property last year, anil
since have spent $200,000 in installing ma
chinery and building wharves and tram
ways.
Improving Big Copper Mines.
CALL BUREAU, 1405 G STREET, N.\W.-''
WASHINGTON, April 14.— Instead ,of-in
viting foreign purchasers of American
goods to come-to this country and see our
wares in salesrooms or in expositions, O.
P. Austin. Qhief of the Bureau of Stat!s r
tics, proposes that American merchants
and manufacturers shall unite in carrying i
samples right to the doors of foreign iiis-."
temers in a great floating exposition. This
idea has aroused a great deal of interest
in this country and abroad, and the letters-
Mr. Austin is receiving- from prominent
business men encourage the hope that it
will take practical shape.
Mr. Austin's plan is to have men "en
gaged in different lines unite in charter
ing several ships on which they will in
stall exhibits of their wares, each ex
hibitor to be allotted space in proportion
to the amount he subscribes. Agents will
accompany, the exhibits to explain them
add negotiate for sales. As the lower,
¦ho*4s of -the vessels will not be suitable
for exhibition purposes, It is proposed
that they be' utilized for carrying limited
stocks -of goods for immediate delivery
when sales .are made.
The fle'et would sail down the east coast !
of South' 'America, up the west coast,
across the- Pacific to the ports of China
arid Japan, possibly Australia, the ports
of the Indian Ocean and thence home by
way of Suez Canal and the Mediterranean, ,
taking- in the principal ports of Europe
and consuming about two years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
American Wares to Be Ex
hibited Abroad on a
•.. Fleet of Vessels.
FLOATING FAIR
BEING PLANNED
Northern Railroad will continue to handle
shipments of California oranges East
over its road. If the California roads in
sist on charging full local rates on the
frujt^from the orchards to the wharves,
it will be paid." Fast steamers may be
jiut on to rush the fruit to Seattle and the
¦^railroad will make even tetter time than
on trial shipments 'n getting the consign
jnents East. So declares Assistant Gen
eral Superintendent P. T. Downs of that
road. He added:
"We can, if necessary, make the run from
Seattle to Minneapolis m sixty houra ar.d
will deliver fruit in the Twin. Cities the
seventh day out from Los Angeles. Ac
cording to California papers, it takes ten
days to Chicago by the Southern road3.
The second shipment anived at Minneap
oplis yesterday in _ fine condition. Over
twenty-two miles an hour was made, de
spite orders to hold down speed. The tem
perature of the cars n-as , taken three
times each twenty-four hours, between
Seattle and Minneapolis, by George R
Cox, agent of the Southern Pacific Fruit
Growers' Exchange. The highest tempera
ture registered was 4S degrees above and
the lowest 44 degrees above zero, Fahren
heit, a change cf only four degrees durir.c
the entire run across the continent.
Salinas Will Co-operate.
MONTEREY, April 14.— The committee
in charge of arrangements for the recep
tion of President McKinley in this city
has received word from the City Council
of Salinas accepting Monterey's, invitation
to participate in the welcome to the
Chief Executive. i-
Fast Coast Steamers May Be Put On
if California Roads Raise
the Rates.
SPOKANE, "U'ash, April 14.— The Great
GEEAT NORTHERN WILL
HANDLE MORE FRUIT
Seymour has known Baronet for thirty
years. The latter served in the First Tex
as Cavalry during the civil war. From
1867 to 1876 he and Seymour served togeth
er ' in the United States cavalry, under
Ciister. Later Baronet engaged in mining
in Montana, going three years ago to
Nome, where be was wrecked and lost
everything.
It seems peculiar that Baronet should
leave without notifying B. G. Sperry of
Seattle of his whereabouts, since he had
given the latter authority to get his mail.
Sperry's object In seeking Baronet is to
deliver to him numerous letters. Including
a draft for £1000, which "was sent him for
traveling expenses to England to secure
the' fortune left him by a brother who was
killed In the Boer war.
TACOMA, April 14.— John D. Baronet,
the miner, 73 years old, who has a fortune
of $200,000 at his command in England, is
believed to beat Redding, Cal., where he
went six weeks ago. On reading about
the search for j Baronet, William J. Sey
mour of Tacoma came to the conclusion
that the missing man was : his friend of
thirty years' standing, whom he assisted
In sending to California last month. Sey
mour says that Baronet was very poor
and had to be given assistance to reach
California. He went there to secure work
in a mine which is superintended by a
man named Clemens, who is said to be a
brother of Mark Twain.
Aged, John Baronet Now
Said to Have Located
Near Redding.
? — •
Draft of a Thousand Pounds Sent
to Tacoma is Still Awaiting
the Missing Miner -V;
There.
WEALTH TRACES
HIM TO SHASTA
The Duke of Fife was sixteen days out
from Yokohama and brought no
passengers, but a large Oriental
cargo. She left Kobe March 25,
homeward bound. The following
day she sighted an open fishing boat
flying distress signal^,- and found a party
of four Japanese fisherman, who had been
several days without water or food other
than raw fish. Captain Cox took the un
fortunate men on board the Duke, where
they were made comfortable, and their
boat was taken in tow.
Captain Thomas bhouted to the affright
ed crowd from the bridge, and with the
assistance of the crew restored compos
ure. Several women fainted, but no per
sons were injured. The Duke of Fife
steamed alongside the burning vessel, and
the crew prepared to render any assist
ance necessary. The blaze was soon ex
tinguished, however, and the liner pro
ceeded to her dock.
* TACOMA. April 14.— When the big
steamship Duke of Fife, from Yokohama,
was coming into port this afternoon the
Bkipper, Captain Cox, noticed smoke aris
ing from the stern-wheel steamer Dalton,
on which were 300 excursionists. Flames
were issuing from the deck over the boiler
room and were spreading rapidly toward
the hurricane deck, where the passengers
were huddled together, fearful that an
explosion might hurl the vessel into frag
ments at any moment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three Hundred Excursion
ists in Peril on Water
Near Tacoma.
The road is blocked, and it will be twen
ty-four hours before trains can reach Og
den. But meagre reports are obtainable
from railroad officials, and it Is not known
whether there was any loss of life or not.
FIRE THREATEHS
PLEASURE BOAT
EVAXSTON, Wyo., April 15.— A head-on
collision occurred at Balfour, on the
Southern Pacific, about fifty miles west
of Ogden, yesterday morning. The wreck
was about all cleared away wiien a spe
cial train of oransres came down the
grade, crashing into the wrecking outfit.
While the Track Is Being Cleared
a Special Orange Train Crashes
Into the Wrecking
Outfit
Head-On Collision Occurs on
the Southern Pacific
Railroad.
RAIL DISASTERS
WEST OF OGDEN
"Railroads could be built by the powers
on the basis of a 3 or 4 per cent cumula
tive interest-bearing indemnity bond until
the claims of all the powers are paid. Af
ter years a chance could be given to China
to acGUire the properties out of the net
earnings, after the indemnity had been
provided for. Any surplus, and I believe
there will be a surplus,: could be used to
develop more railroads. >By that time the
Chinese problem would have been solved."
"Railroads will do more to enlarge the
prospective" of tho Chinese than any one
agency. They will teause the people of
the interior to travel and to acquire that
breadth of view which comes from con
tact with the world. Now China, is in
great need of railroads, while the rest of
the world is clamoring for broader trade
facilities. The situation seems to have
been created for reciprocal negotiations
along a certain line.
"I believe that this is the golden oppor
tunity for the introduction of "Western
ideas into the Flowery Kingdom, and the
apparent disaereement of the powers up
on the amount of indemnity to f|e paid for
the Boxer disturbances should lead to
some sort of compromise having: for its
object the' development of undeveloped
Asia, rather than the levying of a mere
monetary fine which could be raised by
additional taxation and in the end peri
haps leave the real situation of the coun
try unchanged. I have a plan in my own
mind which I think worthy of the atten
tion of diplomats, because I believe It
would be a civilizing influence. It is thhir
Let the powers agree upon the amount of
indemnity 'to be paid -; and to contract
among themselves and with the Peking
Government that the entire sum, say
$200,000,000, shall be used for building rail
roads and for other international Improve
ments in China under the joint control of
the- powers, to be operated by them until
China is in a position to become, by pur
chase, the sole" 'owner of the improve
ments. "
NEW YORK, April 14.— H. T. "Bgsman of
Hongkong, accompanied by his wife and
servants, is in the city. At home Mr. Bos
man is better known as Mr. Ho Tung,
and he is one of the leading merchants of
his native city, as well as one of its most
extensive property owners. Mr. Bosnian,
though an Oriental," Is a British subject
and a Justice of the Peace in his Majesty's
service. • Mr. Bnsman is deeply Interested
In the trend of events, politically, in the
far East. In an Interview. he said:
Powers Could Use Sum .to Operate
i Utilities Until Investment Is Re
turned, When Chinese Could
Purchase Improvements.
Oriental Says China 'Could
v ; Raise. Indemnity Money
in This Way.
MIGHT PAY DEBTS
WITH RAILROADS
On August 26, 1861 Colonel Berrett. bv
order of Secretary of War was arrested
as a Southern sympathizer, the charge
against him being: that he bad written
"certain letters containing treasonable
utterances against the United States."
He was sent to Fort La Fayette and held
there for two weeks as a military prison
er. "When President Lincoln heard of th«
arrest he ordered Colonel Berrett's dis
charge.
WASHINGTON, April 14. — Colonel
James G. Berrett,, former Mayor of "Wash
ington and one of Its best known citizens,
died to-day, aged 86 years. He was a na
tive of Baltimore, and In 1860 was elected
Mayor of "Washington, as a Democrat. He
was chairman of the inaugural commit
tee when President Cleveland was inaug
urated the second time, and during both
Cleveland administrations was always a
welcome caller at the White House.
EX-MAYOR JAMES BERRETT __
OF " WASmTTGTdir~DEA i5
Imprisoned for Treason at Outbreak
of Civil War, Lincoln He
leased Him.
CAPE TOWN, April 14.— There Is no In
crease In the progress of bubonic plague
here, although there Is an average of five
cases daily. Since the outbreak 392 cases
have been officially reported, of which 132
have proved fatal.
? THE DAY'S DEAD. *
Plague's Ravages in Cape Town.
A dispatch to the London Dally Mail
from Lourenzo Marques, cabled to the As
sociated Press on March 11. said -that Mr.
Martinsen, who was said to have resigned
a post in the United States army to join
the Boer forces, had been shipped from
Lisbon op the Portuguese transport Kaire.
which carried 103 Boer families." after he
had made an ineffectual attempt to obtain
consular, protection.
PARIS. April 14.— "Among the Boer
prisoners who recently arrived from Lou
renzo Marques," says a special dispatch
from the Portuguese rapltal, "was a
young American, Randolph Martlnsen.
who described himself as a son of. the
president of. the Missouri. Kansas and
Texas Railroad. He was captured by thp
British, but released as an American on
promising not to fight again. Subsequently
he was arrested in Lourenzo Marques at
the request of the British authorities, un
der suspicion of being a Boer agent.
Mr. Martinsen. on being brought here,
secured his release through the American
Charge d' Affaires, and his father sent
him money to pay his passage home. Ac
cording to his representation, he was aid
de camp tor Colonel John Blake, com
mander of the Irish brigade."
Fought "With th* Boers.
The British Release a Yankee Whi
AMERICAN CAPTIVE FREED.
LONDON, April 15.— The Amsterdam
correspondent of the Daily Mall reiterates
the statement that secret recruiting has
been going on in Holland for the Boers.
He intimates that this has been conducted
on a considerable scale since last January
and that new recruits have been sent to
the Transvaal by way of Swakopmund. in
German Southwest Africa. The correspon
dent adds that British military officials
will probably first hear of this movement
when they run Into an unexpected com
mando in Northern Cape Colony^
BLOEMFONTEIN. April 14.— It te re
ported that the health of former President
Steyn has broken down. It Is also said
that he has advised all Boers on com
mando to surrender immediately.
According to a dispatch to the London
Dally Express from Amsterdam cabled on
Saturday the Dutch police recently got
wind of contemplated attempts upon the
life of Mr. Kroner. It is quite likely that
the report to which L'Estafette gives cur
rency Is traceable to a similar source. An
Amsterdam dispatch says the report is
purely Imaginary.
PARIS, April 13. 5:40 a. m".— L'Estafette
publishes a report that an attempt was
made to stab Mr. Kruger.
Secret Recruiting of Soldiers for the
Burgher Army Is Said to
. Continue Throughout
Holland. }
Paris Paper Reports Attempt
to Stab the Boer
Patriarch.
ASSASSIN AIMS
BLOW AT KRUGER
THE SAN FRkN(JISCT> CALL, .MONDAY, . APRIL 15, "1901.
Elaborate Preparations Being; Made in Honor of the
Carnival Hosts to Throng Sacramento's Decorated
Thoroughfares in the Early Days of the Glad -May time-
GORGEOUS ARCHES SPAN STREETS
WHERE MERRYMAKERS WILL RULE
If you haveRheutaatlsm.wrtteDr. Shoop, Racine,
Wls.,boxl37,for six bottles of hisRheumatlcCure,
express paid. Send no money/ Pay $5.50 if cured*
2
The Only Way to Get a Com-
plete Cure for
Catarrh. Deafness,
IS TO TREAT IT ANTISEPTICLY
The only way to do thla la with the Cottin*.
ham NEW. ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Iavcntad
and patented by • °- lw
DR. COTTINGHAM,
Expert on EAR, NOSE. THROAT and LUNO
DISEASES, • ,
204 Sutler St., NW. Cor. of Kearny,
FREE— Absolutely free Examination and on»
week ¦ treatment given to convince you of ta»
superior merit of this new treatment. 3000 test
cases. 9a per cent cured. ' Try It FREE and b»
convinced while you can. Call at once or wrtt».BLARRISON FOXTBTD NO HINT
OF ILL-WILL TO ENGLAND
By Observations on Sis Ameri
can Trip.
London Positivist Much Impressed
LONDON, April 15.— The Dally Mall
publishes an Interview to-day with Fred
erick Harrison, president of the London
Posltivist Committee, regarding his recent
visit to the United States, in which he
repeats In part his Interview on Thursday
last with a representative of the press.
"I am deeply impressed," said Mr. Har
rison to the Daily Mall representative,
"by my American trip. I found a clear,
intellectual atmosphere, a broad tolerance
and a universal hospitality, which delight
ed me. I was much struck with the evi
dence of deep thinking exhibited by stu
dents In the American universities. I vis
ited many cities, but nowhere did I sec a
sign or hear a hint of animosity toward
England."
Mr. Harrison expressed the opinion that
it was advisable for England to pay less
attention to foreign affairs and more to
her energetic commercial and industrial
competitors In the United States.
Reforms in Saghalien.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 13.— The Rus
sian Government has appointed a com
mission to settle the reorganization of the
aumlnlstratlon of the island of Saghallen.
In the Sea of Okhotsk, and its penal set
tlements.
Buffalo Express Dashes Into Buggy
Containing Party of Holiday
Makers.
"WILKESBARRE, Pa., April 14.— A party
of four people, while crossing the tracks
of the Leigh Valley railroad at South
Wllkesbarre early this morning were run
down by the Buffalo Express going north.
Three of the party were killed and one
Injured. The dead:
MORRIS O'CONNELL.
MRS. MORRIS O'CONNELL.
MRS. FRANK CRANMER.
Injured: Frank Cranmer.
O'Connell and his wife were entertain
ing the Cranmers, whose home Is in Brad
ford County. During the evening they
visited relatives in this city and at 1:30
this morning started to return to the
home of the O'Conneils. "When they
reached the crossing at South Wilkes
barre a freight train was blockading it.
As soon as the freight train moved out
the party started to cross the tracks but
did not notice the approaching passenger
train from an opposite direction. The
engineer of the express failed to see the
people on the track until the locomotive
had ploughed into them. The two women
were hurled a great distance in the air
and when picked up were dead. Both
bodies were mangled badly. Mr. O'Con
nell had both legs and one arm broken.
He was taken to a hospital where he
died in a short time.
THREE HURLED TO DEATH
BY EACIXG LOCOMOTIVE
Claim Brakemen Will Join Them in
Indignation at Unfair Treat
ment.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., April 14.— A
meeting of the representatives of train
men and telegraphers employed on the
northern division of the Central Railroad
of New Jersey was held at Ashley to
night. It is rumored that much dissatis
faction was expressed over the terms of
settlement of the threatened strike by the
conference in New York.
The brakemen and telegraphers feel that
their interests have been sacrificed for the
benefit of some other employes — the engi
neers in particular. Unless the telegra
phers receive some concessions from the
railroad officials this week the leaders
say there will be a strike, in which, they
say, they will be joined by the brakemen.
The trainmen and operators will take an
other vote on the situation.
Von Bulow Back From Italy.
BERLIN, April 14.— Count von Bulow,
the Imperial Chancellor, arrived In Ber
lin this evening from Italy.
RAILROAD TELEGRAPHERS
THREATEN TO STRIKE
CAPIZ, Province of Capiz, Island of Pa
nay, P. I., April 14.— The people of this
section of Panay flocked to Capiz to-day
on foot and in carriages to meet the mem
bers of the United States Philippine Com
mission and to attend the explanation of
the principles upon jwhich. provincial gov
ernment Is to be established here to-mor
row. • Thousands were present at the
meeting, held In the theater. • •
Representatives of the natives assert
that the Federalist movement, combined
with the liberality of the laws being en
acted by the commission, has caused the
recent rapid pacification in the northern
part of the island.
The province of Capiz has suffered
greatly from worm, rinderpest and locust
plagues, and popular sentiment is unani
mously in favor of peace and civil gov
ernment.
Liberality of the Laws Being Enacted
Rapidly Pacifying the North
ern Portion of Panay
Island.
Thousands in Capiz Prov
ince Welcome the Taft
' : ICommission.
FILIPINOS HAIL
DAWN OF PEACE
VIENNA, April 14.— Crown Prince Fred
erick "William of Germany arrived In
Vienna this morning. In acceptance of aa
invitation from Emperor Francis Joseph,
who, with the Austrian Archduke, greet
ed him at the railway station. A largo
and enthusiastic concourse awaited his
arrival. Subsequently the Emperor re
ceived the Crown Prince in private aud
ience and later returned his visit.
During the afternoon and amid popular
demonstrations of the most frien'dly char
acter, the Crown Princev drove to the
Capuchin masoleum, where, on behalf of
Emperor "William, he deposited wreaths
on the tombs of Empress Elizabeth.
Crown Prince Rudolph and Archduke Al
brecht.
At 5 o'clock a state banquet was given
in his honor at the Hofburg, attended by
the members of the imperial house, the
ministers and the members of the diplo
matic corps. A reception followed and
then all attended a gala performance at
the opera.
At to-day's banquet the Emperor in pro
posing a toast to the Crown Prince said
he hoped the visit would ljnlt still closer
the personal and political relations of tho
two imperial houses. The Crown Prince
made a suitable acknowledgment.
Crown Prince Frederick William recent
ly furnished a selection for the violin of
his own composition, which in the opinion
of experts shows considerable merit.
"While at the University of Bonn he will
continue his study of the violin.
Emperor Francis Joseph has fulfilled a
long cherished desire of the Czech popu
lation of Bohemia by ordering the estab
lishment at Prague of a modern art gal
lery, toward the foundation of which he
has himself donated 2,000.000 crowns. In a
letter announcing the fact the Emperor
recently expressed a hope that he may
succeed in establishing- peace in the land
through the "conciliatory powers of art."
The Emperor has also created eight new
peers, all men of letters or representatives
of the learned and artistic profession. Th©
list includes, in addition to Antonin
Dvorak, the Bohemian composer. Yaro
slav Vrohliczky. the Czech poet, and Pro
fessor Gomperz of the University of Vien
na, the translator of the works of John
Stuart Mills.
The Heir to the Kaiser's Throne
Strews Flowers on th* Tomb
of the Empress
• ' Elizabeth.
Popular Demonstrations in
Greeting to Frederick
William.
GERMAN PRINCE
VISITS VIENNA
WILL EXAMINE INTO
HENDERSON'S CONFESSION
If Self -Accused Kidnaper Speaks tha
. Truth Cudahys Will Fre»
Him.
OMAHA, April 14.— E.. A. Cudahy said
to-day that his -going to Dallas, Tex.,
would depend entirely upon the result of
County Attorney Shields' visit • to • that
city in regard to the alleged confession of
Henderson of complicity in the abduction
of young Cudahy last December. Should
It become practically certain that Hen
derson was one of the kidnapers Mr. Cud
ahy and his son will leave for Dallas dur
ing the present week, when the young
man will attempt either to identify Hen
derson or. prove that he is falsifying. •¦ .
HIGH 1 SCHOOLS REOPENED.
sumed Forthwith.
Cza^ Orders That Lectures Be Re-
ST. PETERSBURG April 15.— The Of
ficial Messenger contains the . announce
ment that in consequence of the closing
of ; the high schools, • owing to: the student
disorders, It has been decided that lec
tures shall be resumed forthwith and be
continued if necessary throughout the
summer vacation, ¦ extra examinations be
ing held to enable the students . to make
up for. lost time., . _ ;.-.-.
Genoa Dock Hands Strike.
. GENOA, April 14.— At a meeting of the
dock laborers here to-day a general strike
was decided upon. This. will have the ef
fect of delaying many steamers. ,
MAY INVOLVE EVERY CAR
COMPANY IN AMERICA
Should Chicago Man's Claim as In
ventor of Appliances Be Sus
tained in Court.
RICHMOND, Ind., April 14.*— Benson and
Clara E. Bid well of Chicago and Charles
F. Bidwell of Toledo, Ohio, have brought
a suit in the United States court in In
diana that involves the interests of the
San Francisco traction . lines as well as
those of every large city in the United
States. The suit is to enjoin the use of
certain appliances now in common use in
operating- the cars and of which it is
claimed Benson Bidwell is the original in
ventor and the three plaintiffs the owners
of the patents. . .' . . .
If 'the suit in this State proves success
ful the Bldwells intend to make their ac
tion general. They .want not only an in
junction to restrain the making, selling
or using of the patents but they also want
all the profits paid to them as well as
damages. •. ' . - 0
EMPEBOB WILLIAM WILL
REMOVE HIMSELF AS SAINT
Clergy, Object to His Picture in That
Character Hung in Blind
. Asylum.
BERLIN, April 14.— Influenced by the
protests of the Evangelical Church Coun
cil and the Catholic Bishops, Emperor
William has withdrawn from the great
hall of the blind asylum at Wusterhausen
the Mosaic portraits representing the Em
press as St. Elizabeth and himself as, the
saint's husband. <«
Jury Finds Evans Guilty.
COLUMBIA. S. C, April 14.— The verdict
of the \ Coroners . jury .• to-day was that
John Griffin came to his death yesterday
at the hands of Bernard Evans. There
have been . no . further developments.
Evans Is in jail and remains silent.- His
brother, the former Governor., and . uncle,
Teneral Mart T. Gary, are here.
CLAIMS JOURNALS
BEST THE MAILS
Department Says Second
* Class Matter Privilege
Is Closed.
Of the many means by which publica
tions not properly entitled to this favored
postage rate spring into existence and
thrive, no other, it is asserted by. Mr.
Madden, is so fruitful and so insidious as
the permission — not of law or rule, but of
uninterrupted practice— that subscriptions
may be obtained by offers of premiums or
merchandise, chances to draw prizes In
guessing contests and countless ingenious
inventions oT similar character. Circula
tions running into the thousands and into
the millions, the circular says, have been
built up by this premium process for pub
lications which, upon actual merit, could
command no public patronage whatever.
Such "subscriptions." except In an occa
sional instance where some actually mer
itorious publication employs the plan, rep
resent In no literal sense a public interest
in the literature or in the news to which
it is claimed such publications are de
voted.
Mr. Madden asks that the matter be
given prompt attention, and says that the
reform proposed can scarcely ¦ be carried
on successfully without the aid and moral
support of the standard newspapers and
periodicals of the country.
The circular asserts that the loss of
revenue to the Government from the
abuses of the privileges of second-class
matter is enormous, being estimated con
servatively to be "between $15,000,000 and
$25,000,000 a year. Existing regulations,
however, faithfully administered are in
adequate to accomplish immediate re
forms, and the most prolific ¦ means by
which the law is circumvented remains
undisturbed by regulation.
It Is believed that such a rule as that pro-
Iiosed would be of great benefit to legitimate
journalism, and 'that In a very large measure
it will check this draft upon the public treas
ury for private advantage with no compensa
tion or public benefit, through the elimination
of an immense number of publications which
are wholly sustained in their second-class
Etatus by patronage Induced ¦ by some ex
traneous thing in conflict with the spirit of
the law. Such a consummation has much of
promise in the direction of better postal facili
ties and cheaper rates for other classes of
mall matter. I
Mr. Madden adds:
In the Judgment of those addressed will a
departmental rule ba regarded as Injurious to
legitimate papers and periodicals which will
stop absolutely all premium inducements, dl
rfct or Indirect and of whatever character, for
subscriptions? In other words, after a pub
lisher has fixed a price on his publication any
bonus or premium given to the subscriber or
any combination with anything except a sec
ond class publication shall .vitiate that sub
scription In Its relation to the second-class
rates of postage.
•
WASHINGTON, April 14.— Having re
peatedly failed to secure remedial legisla
tion from Congress to prevent abuses of
the privilege of second-class mail matter,
the Postoffice -Department officials have
under consideration the adoption of a pro
posed rule, by authority of the Postmas
ter General, to bring about the desired
reforms. With this object in view Edwin
C. Madden, Third Assistant Postmaster
General, has addressed a long circular let
ter to about 400 publishers of newspapers
and periodicals setting forth the objects
sought to be accomplished by the pro
posed rule and asking tjje following ques
tions: • -
ZLIPLE7 TO TESTIFY
IN HIS OWN BEHALF
Will Be the First Witness, To-Day in
the Gocbel Conspiracy-
Case.
FRANKFORT, Ky. f April 14.-The trial
of Garnet D. Rlpley, as an alleged con
spirator In the murder of Governor Goe
bel, will be resumed to-morrow. The de
fendant will be the first witness for the
defense. Ex-Governor Bradley and Judge
Yost could not be seen to-day, but It Is
known that they have reaffirmed their
statements, and they say that Ripley did
not accompany his remarks with any
fcuch explanations as Attorney Oneal gave
vesterday In outlining the case for the de
fense. There is a report that both Brad
ley and Yost In their testimony before the
Grand Jury told much more than .they did
on the stand last week. The prosecution
asked them ouestions bearing on only
the one point, and the defense, did not
cross-examine them.
CHICAGO, April H.— The Governors of
the various States are beginning to an
nounce their appointments of delegates to
attend the conference of taxation, called
to meet at Buffalo, May 23 and 24 by the
National Civic Federation. At the head
quarters notice of the appointment of the
delegation has been received from the
Governors of Missouri, Maine and Mon
tana.
The call for the conference Is signed
by the leading economists, tax experts
and public men representing all portions
of the country and ali interests. The let
ter of invitation says: _
For many decades the States have been
building- up Independent systems of taxation
without reference to each other until now we
have a state of affairs bordering on chaos
where each State is practically fighting nearly
everj- other State. Some property Is taxed
three or four times, while other property is
not taxed at all. Corporate activity has
largely changed the character of individual
investments. Industry has overstepped the
boundaries of any one State, and commercial
interests are no longer confined to mere local
limits. This conference will be the first at
tempt In this country to work out some uni
form principles. It is not expected to settle
any .of" the problems in the two days' dis
cussion, but it will be a beginning and may
result in the appointment of a permanent
committee to work out some basis for future
action.
Leading- Economists, Tax Experts
and Public Men Sign the
GOVERNORS NAME TAXATION
CONFERENCE DELEGATES
lowed Her Almost Obstructed
the Street.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 14.— Mrs.
Carrie Nation was arrested In this city
to-night on the charge of obstructing the
street and hauled to the police station in
a patrol wagon. She was released on a
cash bond of $6, and will be tried in the
Police Court to-morrow morning. Mrs.
Nation lectured In Kansas City. Kan., last
night and came over to the Missouri side
this morning. She started on a tour of in
vestigation among the down town saloons
this evening. A crowd of a thousand men
and boys followed her, and at Twelfth
and "Walnut streets, where there are sa
loons on , three corners, she was arrested
because the crowd following her block
aded the street. She roundly lectured the
saloon men whom she visited. ¦ •
Arrested Because Crowd Which Fol-
CABBIE NATION TAKES
BIDE IN PATROL-WAGON
Insane.
DENVER, April 14.— Albert L. Cowan,
who was arrested on February 25 last on
a charge of murder, which was subse
quently dismissed for lack of sufficient ev
idence to justify his indictment, has been
released from custody, a jury before
which he was tried on a charge of insan
ity having decided that he "Is not so dis
tracted In his mind as to endanger his
own life and property or the lives and
property of others." It was believed for a
time that Cowan was the thug who
knocked down many women on Capitol
Hill during the fall and winter. .Several
of the assailant's victims died from their
Injuries. There have been no assaults of
this nature in the city since the night of
February 22, when three women were
struck down, two of whom received fatal
injuries.
Albert Cowan, Dismissed on Charga
. of Murder, Is Adjudged Not
SUSPECTED .ASSAILANT
OF WOMEN" IS RELEASED
LONDON, April . 15.— Queen Alexandra
arrived "in. London last evening from: Co
penhagen. - _/••
Queen Alexandra in London.
TOLEDO, Ohio, April 14.— Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul, assisted by Bishop
Horstmann of Cleveland, Bishop Foley of
Detroit and about 200 prominent Catholic
clergymen from all parts of the United
States, to-day dedicated St. Patrick's
Church, said to be one of the most hand
some church building in the country. The
church will stand as a monument to
Father Hannan, who, though 75 years' of
age, did the architectural work and super-
Intended the entire construction. The
church cost $200,000.
Archbishop Ireland spoke from the text
"Jesus Christ, the same to-day, yesterday
and forever the same." His sermon was
a defense of Christianity. In conclusion
he said: , . •
Therefore, let us build him Christian tem
ples. Let us Invite men into the sanctuaries.
Let us carry heaven's inspiration Into mart
and workshop and foundry. We must - have
forges and factories and industries, but these
have no moral health of themselves.; Collegres,.
schools and libraries will help us to know,
but this is not all. Potent armies and navies
will win us victories on bloody fields, but
these will not give us moral health and prob
ity. Plans for moral reform must fail if based
upon material things. They must always fail
if not based on Jesus.
Aged, Father Hannan Wit
nesses the Fruition of
His Labors.
CHURCH EDIFICE
HIS MONUMENT
WASHINGTON, April 14.— Secretary
Root has approved the report of a re
vision and codification of the army reg
ulations prepared by a commission con
sisting of Assistant . Secretary of War
Sanger, Lieutenant Colonel Davis of the
judge advocate general's department and
Lieutenant Colonel Johnson of the ad
jutant general's department. This re
vision and codification was necessary on
account of the -many changes that have
been made In the army regulations by
law and general orders since the last
book of regulations was printed, also by
the changes of the conditions in th*
¦United States. '
One of the regulations, drawn in times
when troops were stationed upon the
frontier of the United States, allowed the
commanding officer of a post or camp to
issue arms and ammunition to settlers
for the purpose of self-protection against
the Indians.
This was not made specific and as the
frontier of the United States has practi
cally disappeared the order could now be
interpreted to allow the Issuance of arms
to people in the Philippines, Porto Rico,
Cuba or . Alaska. It was thought neces
sary to rescind this regulation.
The change from a regimental to com
pany . organization' of the artillery also
has necessitated many changes. Some
minor changes also were made regarding
payments of troops and also regarding
the transport service, as transports were
not a part of "the army establishment
when the old regulations were drawn up.
It is Intended to have these new regula
tions printed at once and placed In the
hands of all the army officers appointed
and to be appointed under the reorganiza
tion law. • _
Regulation Book Altered to
v Meet Difference in Na
tion's Condition.
OLD ARMY RULES
UNDERGO CHANGE
fair to outdo Its last year's record of
popularity. Wheelan's "Hoot Mon"
achieves the dignity of a creation, a more
weirdly, ludicrous figure being impossible
to conceive, Hartman is up to his usual
mark, Webb is well 'leard, and the new
barytone, Arthur Cunningham, would cer
tainly be missed, Annie • Myers, Maude
Williams and Bernice Holmes play tune
ful second fiddles to the more important
male roles.
Chief among the newcomers at tho
Orpheum are the charming comedienne.
Francesca Redding and her company:
Nice Barbareschi and Viltorio Caotellano
of grand opera fame. Horace Goldin, an
illusionist, is another new one. . Tschern
off's dogs in their final week, Josephine
Gassmann, Prevost and' Prevost. George
H. Wood, and Hal Stephens and company
are good hold-overs from last "week's bill.
Miss Redding's act made the hit of the
evening many encore3 rewarding her.
She is extremely clever. . ¦
Damery and Bancroft, '¦ Laura Lopez.
Jack Symonds, Agnes Fried, Tom Mack,
Moll and Karl Loota Howsjd and Mel
ville Coakley are the week's entertainers
at Fischer's concert house. All are new
names. ...
The new bill which ODens at the Chutes
to-day includes "The Girl of Quality,"
direct from the Orpheum: La LJsta, the
Miriad Dancer: Scott and Wilson, acro
bats; Coakley and Huested, sketch artists;
Mlrian Alnsworth in character chances ;
Barnes' Dog and Pony fchow and a series
of new moving pictures.
THE County Fair," the favorite old
New England pastoral, appears to
have lost none of its quaint power
to charm. Last night the Cali
fornia Theater was crowded to
the doors, and the orchestra moved out
to make way for the audience that came
to greet Neil Burgess in his famous part
of the shrewd and kindly New England
spinster, Miss Abigail Prue. His work
has lost none of its quaint flavor since his
last visit here, seven years ago, with the
same play. The lovable Miss Abby, with
her sound "hoss" sense, good heart, fine
simplicity, full of quaint saws and kindly
wisdom, is just as Mr. Burgess drew her
seven years ago, and a person with whom
one is glad to renew acquaintance. John
C. Fenton, who as Otis Tucker is four
teen years in learning to "speak for him
self, John," takes excellent care of the
shy wooer's part, and Nicholas Sebastian
is a fairly elective villain as Solon Ham
merhead. Harry Burkhart does good
work as Joel Bartlett, and Tim is well
played by Harry S. Stafford.
Miss Blanche C. Rice has a good Bow
ery accent as Taggs, the waif, showing all
the requisite impishness in clever fash
ion. Sue Seymour is a rather stiff Sallie
Greenaway. . /
There is a- good quartet with the com
pany, that sings a trio of melodies at the
husking-bee in quite effective manner.
The horserace illusion created the usual
excitement, and the audience went home
highly pleased with its evening's enter
tainment. On Friday evening next some
of the prominent jockeys of Tanforan will
ride the horses in the race scene.
.' * e *
Blanche Walsh's engagement at the Co
lumbia Theater continues throughout this
week. Her performance of Josephine in
"More Than Queen" Is a splendid work
and the staging of the play is all that
could be desired. The last performance
will take place next Sunday night. Next
week and the following week also the Co
lumbia will be dark, this being a result
of the cancellation of James K. Hackett's
tour, owing to that actor's illness.
• . ? «
This week at the Central Theater will
be seen the rarely produced "Julius
Caesar," with Robert Downing 1 as Marc
Antony. Mason Mitchell, a clever legiti
mate actor, has been engaged to play the
part of Cassius, and Brutus will be
taken by Robert Cummings. The large
company at the Central will also be fur
ther augmented for the production,' and
the management has put forth an extra
ordinary effort in the mounting of the
tragedy. The play will doubtless call out
large audiences, as the opportunity of
hearing. is so seldom afforded.
Among those who have signified their
intention of being present are President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the University
of California, President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford University, General W.
R. Shafter, Rev. D. D. Crowley. and Hon.
R. H. Webster, Superintendent of Schools,
who all unite in warmly commending the
policy of the Central in producing plays
of so high a standard. This is the closing:
week of Mr. Downlng's engagement.
• • •
To-night at the Grand Opera House the
new stock company will present as their
initial offering the ever-popular "East
Lynne." Florence Stone, the new leading
lady, will make her first appearance here
as Lady Isabel, Madame Vine and the
new leading man, John Webster Jr.. who
will oe remembered as Stuart Robson's
leading support in "The Jucklins," will
appear as Archibald Carlyle.
* •. •
The Alcazar offering this week Is a farca
of the fast and furious kind, by name
"Oh! Susannah," by Mark Ambient and
Vaun Atwood. It is on the order of
" Charley's Aunt," with all modern im
provements, and will be welcomed by
those, who remember its side-splitting situ
ations as given at the Alcazar some short
time ago. "The Conquerors" will follow.
• • •
"The Idol's Eye" 1s still hypnotizing its
multitudes at the TivoM. The opera be
gins its second week to-night, and bids
'The County Fair" Jams Playhouse to the Doors— Orpheurr
Presents Some Splendid New Acts— "Julius Gaesar" ai
Central This Week— Alcazar Presents "Oh! Susannah'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April 14.— A specific
provision for the neutrality of the pro
pose£- Isthmian canal will be made In a
new treaty to be signed by Secretary Hay
and Lord Pauncefote, the British Embas
eador.
This decision has been arrived at by the
President and Secretary Hay after a most
exhaustive consideration of arguments pro
and con, which has convinced them that
the highest interests of the country de
mand the application of the principle of
neutrality. The administration does not
delude itself with the idea that there will
not be opposition in the Senate to a pro
vision of this character, but hopes it will
be lessened by the language employed and
In the way it can be interpreted in the
light of other provisions to be incorpo
rated.
BLOWER WORKS SUFFER
HEAVY LOSS BY FIBE
BOSTOX, April 14.— The main building
of the extensive blower works of the B. F.
Bturtevant Company, in the Jamaica Plain
District, was' burned earlythis morning,
causing a loss of $350,000. The concern
manufactured various kinds of machinery
and electrical goods, as well as blowers.
All patterns and plans were destroyed.
The company had recently added $75,000
worth of tools and machinery and had a
large amount of electrical work ready for
shipment. It aJso had a large number of
engines and blowers for the Government
for use on battleships and cruisers in
course of construction, all of which were
destroyed.
Administration Hopes to Overcome
the Opposition Which Is Certain
to Arise in the
Senate.
Feature of Proposed New
Hay-Pauncefote Con
vention.
TREATY KEYNOTE
IS NEUTRALITY
ORCHESTRA MOVES OUT TO MAKE
ROOM AT CALIFORNIA THEATER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex. April 14.— Arch Arnold
has been released from th© State Peni
tentiary on a full paidon granted him by
Governor Sayers. The man who has been
thus given his liberty was a fugitive from
justice for over a quarter of a century.
He returned to Texas and voluntarily
surrendered to the prison authorities of
the penitentiary on December 30, 1900, and
asked that he might be permitted to serve
the remainder ox the sentence that had
been hanging over jim for so many years.
He was again placed in the prison and
has just been pardoned at the earnest
solicitation of his old friends in the State
who were familiar with the remarkable
case.
In 1873 two men were murdered in Lam
pasas County. Texas, near the Coryell
County line. One of the murdered men
was named LlttlefioM and the other was
named Fetner. Jim Arnold and his three
sons, who resided in Coryell County, were
accused of the crime. The' two elder sons,
"William and Allen, were charged with
having directly committed. the deed, and
their father and his then fifteen-year-old
son Arch were charged with being ac
cessories. They all tied the country be
fore they could be arrested. Two years
later old man Arnold and his son Arch re
turned to Coryell County. They were ar
rested and tried for murder. The old man
was convicted and sentenced to a term of
ninety-nine years in the State peniten
tiary. The case was appealed and re
versed by the highei court and a change
of venue was taken from Lampasas
County to Burnet County, where an ac
quittal was secured on the second trial of
the case against him.
Arch Arnold, his son, was tried, con
victed and given a sentence of five years
in the penitentiary. After serving two
years of the sentence ho escaped from
prison and was not heard of afterward
until he put in an appearance at the State
penitentiary a few months ago and asked
to be allowed to serve out the remainder
of the interrupted sentence.
After escaping from the penitentiary
over twenty-five years, ago, the young
man went to California, where he secured
employment. He worked honestly and
faithfully and saved enough money to buy
for himself a fruit farm. He married and
has a family of children almost grown.
He and his family have the respect of
the people of the community in which
they reside. During all these years Ar
nold kept the fact of the shadow that was
hanging over him in Texas from his
family and it was not until he had raised
his children and accumulated a sufficient
amount of this world s goods to keep him
and his devoted wife and children from
want during the remainder of their days
on earth that he revealed the secret of
his life to them and informed them that
he was going- back to Texas to serve out
his sentence in prison in order that he
might live the remainder of his days with
out the fear of arrest. Immediately after
securing his liberty the pardoned man de
parted for his California home.
Governor Sayers Grants a Pardon to
the Man Who Was Once
Convicted of a
Crime.
Twenty-Five Years After
Escaping a Texan Vis
its Penitentiary.
RETURNS TO ASK
FOR HIS CELL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,* APRIL 15, 1901.
ONE OF THE STARS ON THE
j ORPHEUM PROGRAMME FOR
THIS "WEEK.
Call.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J T zx j t ' 'Ready \
1 \
0 ®
• •
: \»> :
: va
V • . »
A Tremendous Story
of the
§ Wheat Growers and
the Railroad.
$1.50.
Boubleday,
Page& Co.
34 Union Square. .N.Y.
*?mic „ m EI ? « Is a noa-polsonona
e£&fZf £**>'*' '^&£ZJn remedy for Gonorrhoea,
y^T^-i^CCIIEs^S^ Gleet, Spormato,rha»,
/&£& in 1 to & <Jtj-«.^C3 White*, unnatural dij-
3$f.j! Ga«r*nt«ii ta chargi . or anr infUrama-
3fib' i not to «trutnr*. tion, ! rit&tion or nicer*-
**— * Prtrtots eonttgioo. lion f mucous mem-
jjm VKsEvms CHEHlCtlCo. branea. Non-aatrineent.
fegg\c-!«::»i:iii7i.o .V%H Soia by Dra srci»t«,
XT**^ C S a. t£r"ft or leut * n Pl ain 'wraf^er,
J^Si? f <*^. JjGr\H by expTfft, prepaid, Cot
• >l S4ZjB3»*'% v 11 C_ »lar eent en reauas*.
ItAOVXPS BKADT KKLlKlf has atood
t;nrlv«Jed before the public for 60 years as a
i'ain Remedy. It Instantly relieves ar.d quickly
cures eII Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chi tfs. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Xeuralpia,
H«>a.darlie. Tootaehe and alt pain. Internally
for Alalaiia and ail Bowel I'aine. Alldrurelats.
/ ADVERTISEMENTS.
III Next to purity, the yeast use;d in brewing is of the gS3|
H utmost importance in beer. Perfect beer requires a $SM
|3 perfect yeast, and rarely does a brewer find it.
j£lVl The Schlitz brewery introduced chemically pure BSfeg
H yeast in America. It has made Schlitz beer the most
HJ palatable, healthful beer that is brewed. §iil
gg|j The original mother cells form a priceless asset. I?)*!
X| All the yeast used in Schlitz beer forever will be devel- ' Fri
Ujjjl oped from them. As a result Schlitz beer will never pg?j
&g| there'll never jS^/fliJ^wm^MSX ' |iP»j
53 another JRSMBR^W s?^d M Sl llM7 fflfi
v |%j beer like §ati&Sms3a8*BEkla&&Bm Sherwood k-LJ
\j*k Q,-M;*,. BiSKBifiSTJjrfWiB^S&S&Q 212.U Market St. £!£§
Jgn bcniltZ. igS&&&$SXa&&£^Ssk!&M San Francisco. §£&*
X . *j?v'''V ' I I 1 I 1 .« 8 1 II lw\ i^ I I 5"^ *-!*
t 15! RUGGY CO i
• : £^§15 xffiCTv^Q Going int0 WholesaIe ::
*• Exclusively* *i
* * To better protect our many dealers throughout the State, as well as jh
* • the territory tributary to the port of San Francisco, we have decided thrt -|.
'.' it is better not to come into competition with our dealers, and. therefore, \ *
* • " now offer our stock of elegant styles on repository floor at astonishingly • •
2 low prices to close them out. • "
j NINE CARLOADS JUST RECEIVED, J
*|* Consisting of Fancy Traps, Extension Top Carriages, Stanhopes, Spi-
%, derettes, Germantowns, Victorias, Surreys, Pneumatic Bike Wagons, 2
"f Solid Rubber-Tire Runabouts/Spring Wagons, Road Wagons and Carts. T
S - Avail yourself of this opportunity to secure fint vehicles at price* ?
i* never before quoted in San Francisco. * *
I c6lumbus buggy co. I
ft 1321-25 Market Street, Between Ninth and Tenth. ?
f :¦¦ ¦ ' •¦¦¦¦•. "- - . *¦';-.'¦ " ' . ' *»•
£f N. B. — We have more vehicles of our own manufacture on our floor T
X than all the carriage houses of San Francisco combined. $1000 reward ?
•j* for any vehicle sold by us having a genuine Columbus Buggy Co.'s ¦§•
£¦ name-plate thereon that was not manufactured by the Columbus Buggy £
JL Company. . *
•*•' We were awarded the Gold Medal at Paris Exposition. 1000. We.f
X- will show, photograph of our exhibit and sell you duplicates of the pritt- T
'' ? winne r s." ; * 3.•CONSERVATORIES, hothouses, and other
1 means devised by modern science and ingenuity
have made it possible to produce nearly all
sorts of flowers at all seasons in even the coldest parts
of the civilized world. Such flowers, however, are
costly. They are luxuries which only the rich can
enjoy in profusion. Consequently, where there is a
wide popular demand for early flowers in cities un
favored by genial climates, it is necessary to import
them. New York consumes many thousands of dol
lars worth. of imported flowers at- each — returning •
Faster, and the trade is one of considerable value to
the communities that furnish them.
This Easter there appears to have been a serious
shortage in the supply of lilies, the blossom which
custom has made the chief flower of Easter decora- \
tiens. The New York Times, in reviewing the flower,
trade of the season. in that city, notes the decline in
tht supply of lilies, and says: "They were high in
price and not generally of good quality.- Florists
said that the rain and clouds o'f the week had inter
fered with the plans of the growers, who were trying
THE EASTER FLOWER TRADE.
George Myers, altobacconist of Fresno,
Is at the Lick. . -
Cecil H. Fuller of Suffolk, Conn., la at
the Grand with his, wife.'
Mrs. "William Hammond of Livermore
is a guest at the Occidental.
George H. Stewart, a Los Angeles mer
chant, is registered at the Grand.
"W. B. Scarborough, a business man of
Los Angeles, is staying at the Lick. ,
"W P Lynch, County Assessor of Butte,
is registered at the Lick from Oroville. .
Dr. Haultaln-of Macleod, N. "W- T., is
at the Occidental, • accompanied by* his
wife.
Amos Burr, general freight agent o£. the
New, York Central line at Los Angeles, is
at the Lick.' . . ¦. . *
Rev. 'Wllliain Ashman, a missionary of
Yokohama, Japan, is registered at tha
Occidental with his wife ,-
Judge Moses M. Granger of Zanesville,
Ohio, is in the city wU.n, his wife. They
will be the guests durinr the next te»
days of General and Mrs. H. B. Freeman
at the Presidio. Judge and Mrs. Granger
have been spending a few weeks j at the
places of- interest in the southern part of
the State. . _ : .
Cahill— Was the strike a success?
; Cassidy — It was. - After being out six
weeks we succeeded in gittin' back our
jobs-^uck. .. :;;•> /'' v ',
SUMMER RATES at Hotel . del Corenado.
Coronado Beach, Cal., effective after April 15,
$60 for round ; trip, including 13 days at hotel.
-Pacific Coast S. S. Co., 4 New Montgomery st
PERSONAL MENTION.
Itjs said that President McKinley will make an
other effort to bring fhe Cubans to their senses and
will try to talk them into reason. Our. Cuban proteges
will show wisdom if they do not' press the. matter past
the talking stage. % . :^~'t~'.~~. :,Z^.Z
Russia says Manchuria swarms with robbers, and
that, her troops are heeded to protect life and prop
erty, but China says Russia is herself a robber; so
there 'appears to.be a gcod issue'in-sight for inter
national arbitration. ;
The United States Investor says "the United
States steel: corporation is on its face an attempt, to
rush the people of this country "off their feet," but to
a majority of observers it has appeared more like an
effort to knock the fee: from under the people.
In Great Britain and in Germany there are societies
otganized to promote lhe emigration of women, and
in both countries the. business is said to be brisk.
They have, therefore/one export trade in which- the
United States is not likely to compete with them for
a long time. . •
The tragic expression,. "didn't know it was loaded,"
which has told the story of many deaths, has been sup
plemented by one used by a boy whose trifling with
an elevator lever cost a human life in a local build
ing. -The boy says he "didn't think anybody would
get hurt"
Our Mexican friends who are imprisoning Ameri
can trainmen without trials should have a care, a3
Uncle Sam is in no mood to trifle with those who mal
treat his citizens. The time when Americans abroad
could be subjected to the insults of foreign Govern
ments appears to have passed.
Southward and westward from New England come
tales of a similar purport. Spring has come to all that
wide region beyond the Rockies, but it has brought
no ethereal mildness. Storms, rains, freshets, floods
and thunderbolts have taken the place of the April
showers that have gladdened the Pacific Coast, and
the pec pic are feeling in anything rather than a picnic
hvmor. Nor have the inhabitants of. that section
much better things to look for ward. to. As soon'as
the spring tempests are over the heats of summer
will come, and then the folks who are now swearing
at the wind will be sighing for a zephyr. Truly, there
are good people who remain in the East, but the wise
ones come West. *
While these disasters were* occurring on land the
coasting v«?sels suffered at sea; for the rains were
<icompanied by storm winds, and there was' scarcely
a danger point along the New England coast that did
not have its wreck to show the fury of winds an.i
waves.
New Hampshire, Vermont and Massachusetts were
no better off. Their rivers were as uproarious os
these of Maine. Many of the mill towns were flooded,
and repcits announce that mill after mill was shut
down because of the floods. The damage, though
not great in any one locality, was in the aggregate a
very heavy one, amounting to many millions of dol
lars in value, and several lives were lost.
CZ^ROM all parts 01 the country east of the Mis-
I sissippi and north of the Ohio our exchanges
come to us filled wth wailings over a wild and
stormy spring. There was rain on Easter Sunday,
*o the church parade was spoiled, and since then there
have been bigger rains that have done even worse
damage.
All ever New England the rains have been so con
tinuous as to' raise tltf: rivers to flood height. On
April 7, Easter Sunday, it was announced from Maine
that the Pcnobscot was then higher than for mqny
years \ nst, and was still rising. The waters of the
romantic Kcnduskeag were roaring and carrying
bridges down to the sea. The Piscataquis, the Great
Qssipcc and the Little Ossipce were also raging, and
all the towns along them were in the swim.
SFRINGTiME IN ThJE EAST.
When the Democrats of St. Louis nominated a
gold-bug candidate for Mayor, Bryan predicted that
his election would encourage every "reorganizer" in
the party to work harder than ever to overthrow the
present leaders; and for once he predicted correctly.
As a prophet he is improving, but it is doubtful if
he enjoys the improvement.
1HE markets of the country showed more or less
irregularity last week. The iron and steel trades
showed the greatest strength, and while the pro
cuction of pig iron is very large, approaching the
maximum of last year, stocks continue to decrease.
Finished products are very active and most mills are
scld fully up to July. The export (jemand has fallen
oft somewhat, though some good orders are still being
received. The decrease in stocks during the past six
months foots up the l?rge total of 203,656 tons, and
when the enormous production is considered some
idea of the activity in the iron trade may be gained.
The other staples t!o not make such a brilliant
exhibit Cotton is laboring under the burden of low
prices, and there is some talk of reducing this year's
acreage, though planting is apparently going on as
sctively as ever. Cotton products, however, are show
ins a little more strength, which leads to the hope
thr.t bedrock has been touched. Wool continues
t 4 uiet, and the New England mills have suffered from
enforced idleness on account of high water in the
riven. The boot and shoe trade is reported good in
the West, but in the East business is falling off again.
Wheat was weak and declining for some days, and
the Government issue 1 ? very bearish crop report,
showing fine crop prospects almost everywhere. It
produced no effect, however, and the market actually
hardened at Chicago on the day of its issuance, show
i:.g that it had been discounted. Fluctuations in
wheat, however, have been narrow for some time,
and with all the appreciations and depreciations the
market docs not get much away from $1 per cental
cither way. Hides continue weak and depressed, and
in this market stocks are accumulating. Provisions
are weak one day and fitm the next at Western cen
teis, but stocks are still light all over the country,
owing to the scarcity in hogs, and the general tone
of the market is firm, while prices are above the nor
n'al: Livestock of all descriptions is also higher than
the average for a number of years, though a declin
ing tendency is noted in mutton.
In general trade the Northwest and Pacific Coast
continue to make the best^howing in point of activ
ity. The Northwest reports large numbers of buyers
•n the towns, with a very satisfactory distributive
business, both wholesale and retail. The East re
ports wholesale trade dull, but retail trade good.
The bank clearings of the country gained 34 per cent
over the corresponding week last year, all important
cities except Milwaukee showing an increase, the
largest being 45.8 per cent at New York. The' fail
ex rs for the week were 203, against 193 for the same
week last year. Both sets of figures are satisfactory,
the large clearings showing an expansion in trade'
while the failures are comparatively few.
Speculation in Wall street, while still active, is char
acterized by more conservatism, owing to a hardening
of the money market, which, while not approaching a
stringency, is still sufficient to check the recent rapid
advance in prices. This was the only feature of the
week in Wall street.
Our local markets -have shown no noteworthy
changes for several months. Business continues good
all along the line, with the exception of two or thr*e
branches. Prospects for smaller crops of fruits, ow
ing to frosts, north winds, and the failure of the'trees
to set heavily, in consequence of their enormous crops
hst year, have given the frait market a stronger tone,
though no advance :c prices has resulted. Rain is'
needed in most sections; though no seroius "damage
is reported anywhere, and with an occasional spring
rain from now on the usual good crops will probably
he harvested. The Government report gives the con
dition of the California wheat crop at 100. The ex
port business of the coast is not as rushing as it was
last year, and vessels are not as hard to obtain, but
rc are still shipping out large quantities of goods to
the north, south and the Orient by every, steamer.
No complaints of the condition of trade are being
heard from any quarter.
CONDITION OF BUSINESS
pUjROM air international festivities there naturally
I grow sanguine hope of lasting intAnational
friendships. The men of the different nations
who meet together where wine flows free and music
fills the air, where every accessory adds to. the joyous
ness of the time and promotes good will to all the
world, find so much of congeniality in each other
that they can hardly avoid becoming victims of 'the
delusion that between their own people and the peo
ple of their new-made friends there can never more
be ill will or antagonism.
Such being the nature of men it is not strange to
learn that the French and the Italians who shared
in the recent festivities at Toulon have concluded that
between France and Italy there is now to be lasting
amity and an understanding that will virtually amount
to an alliance.
One of the enthusiasts, the editor of Figaro, exultant
ly says: "If any one ten years ago had predictecUo tha
French that the day would come when- Italian sailors
would be acclaimed at Toulon, when the uncle of.
the King, at the head of a squadron, would pay a visit
to the President of th= republic and would be re
ceived with, enthusiasm, that person would have
passed for a lunatic." After recounting the various
expressions of antagonism between the two countries
at that time, he adds: "Those unhappy days are
passed. Italy has no longer any fear of our inter
vention, and we, on our side, no longer wish any harm
to the ally of Germany, for at bottom we no longer
hate Germany. Our soldiers are fighting side by side
with theirs, and our capitalists are disputing who will
lend Germany money."
Even persons at a distance have been affected by
the spirit of the fete, and St. Petersburg authorities
are reported as declaring that, while they do not
anticipate a French alliance with Italy as the outcome
of the festivities, they deem it qujte likely that the
friendship there affirmed will cause Italy to modify
the text of her treaty with Austria and Germany, $0
as to make it less inimical to France; and conse
quently that the important results will flow from the
new feeling of international friendship.
Sanguine expectations of that kind are always
pleasant to contemplate. Anything which tends toward
preserving the peace of the world by promoting
friendliness among tha peoples of different nations
is always gratifying. People who are lacking
in enthusiasm of temper will, however, be doubt
ful of any important results flowing from what
is. after all, but a holiday merry-making. The
very quickness with which the French have put
aside their attitude of watchfulness against Germany
and Italy is itself a proof that as soon as any
change comes over them they may just as quickly
pass once more to an attitude of antagonism. . Inter
national diplomacy cannot permit itself to be affected
by the passing impulses of the general mass of people.
It must be based firmly upon the permanent interests
of nations, and not until those interests are more har
monious than at present will there be any consider
able alteration of existing alliances. France and Italy
have had a good time in their mutual interchange of
courtesies and hospitality and should rejoice in it with
out counting too much on the future. ¦ • •
THE TOULON FESTIVITIES.
According to our Consuls, Germany has in opera
lion an electric motor tiain that covers 125 miles an
hour, and the English are to put one in operation
that will make the trip from, Manchester to Liverpool,'
a distance of thirty-four miles, in twenty minutes. It
will be seen that Uncle Sam will have to get a move
on or he will lose his reputation for speed.
The young man— he is but 46— who has
accomplished all this did it by no fierce
and wasting efforts of his own cr of oth
ers. He did not sit up nights or co?oe to
his desk at dawn, nor did he expect extra
ordinary performances of those associated
with him. He did not fume or scold or
worry when his bank was emerging from
obscurity In the trying days of the early
80s, nor did he lose heart when to most of
his board of directors It seemed that the
struggle against powerful competition was
too severe for ultimate success. The same
imperturbable, gracious calmness which
distinguished him then characterizes him
now. There are no wrinkles on his brow,
the light and colors of youth are yet in
his face and care has made no marks
upon him.
For tha last ten -years he has been re
cognized as the representative financier of
the Great West. In London and Paris his
name is better known than that of hl3
bank. : His splendidly appointed offices in
Chicago have been for years the informal
meeting place of Chicago and Western
millionaires who made a practice of
"dropping in" casually to chat over great
financial projects, feel the pulse of the
money world and "talk business" with the
young bank president because they be
lieved him to b« th« most alert, the most
conservative and the best Informed finan
cier of them all. James J. Hill. J. P. Mor
gan. James Stillman. Levl Z. lielter. Mar
shull Field, P. D. Armour. W. L. Elklns,
Norman B. Roam. John W. Gates, E. II.
Hnrriman and other great factors in
American financial affairs, pnst. present
and future, have found his suggestions
and opinions sound and profitable, and out
of long and happy business relations of
this kind hns urown a unanimity of re
spect and regard for Mr. Mitchell which
makes him the trusted financial ndvlser of
men whose ties are few and whose Inde
pendent minds brook ltttlo advice.
Boyhood and Youth. •
Mr. Mitchell Is the eldest of six children
of William II. Mitchell, vico president or
the bank of which his son is president.
He was born in Alton, 111., on Novemb >:•
2. 1S54, and he may have inherited a love
If not a genius for banking, for hla father
was then regarded as a leading financier
and was president of the First National
Bank of Alton. Bolng the son of a rich
man, as wealth was estimated In tho?e
days, he had the advantages of a good
home and the opportunities of education.
His parents were of quaker origin. It
was a very old-fashioned household, and
the children seemed to flourish morally
and physically in it.
When he was 1G years old ho was sent
to the Union Wesleyan Seminary nt
Kents Hill, Me., and after two years to
the Waterville Classical Institute. His
father was willing tf not anxious to have
him complete his collegiate course and
go to a university, but the son preferred
to "do something." It was about th's
time that the Illinois Trust and Savings
Bank was organized, with L. B. Sldw^y
as president. William. H. Mitchell hat
moved to Chicago with his family, and
was one of the original stockholders lit
the bank. John, coming home from
school at this time, eager for work and
and with the advantage of a quick intelli
gence, a practical education and his fath
er's good name, was appointed to a hui.i
ble position in the bank. There were not
more than half a dozen clerks in it,
and young Mitchell quickly displayed a
willingness to turn his hand to the. least
attractive duties. He had the rare qual
itv of concentration, and whether stick
ing stamps or doing what seemed then to
Ask any of the directors and stockhold
ers of the great Institution at -Jackson
boulevard and LaSalle street, "Who *s
chiefly responsible for the phenomenal
success of your bank?'" and he will quickly
answer, "John J. Mitchell." When he first
took in hand the reins of manaspment the
capital of the little bank was only JiOO.fO)
and the stockholders, tired of its tailure to
earn a decent percentage on thei*- invest
ments, were eager to wind up its aifairs.
To-day its resources aggregate about $78,
000,000, Its stock commands an extraord
inary premium and its name 13 a synonym
for all that is safest, wisest and best in the
banking and trust business of the United
Stales.
Managing a Great Bank.
If the dynamic unit of Chicago financial
life is sought for, go to room 9, Illinois
Trust and Savings Bank, where John J.
Mitchell presides. Mr. Mitchell began his
career as a banker twenty-seven years
ago', or,, to be exact, on May 7, 1873, in an
unpretentious little savings bank which
led a precarious existence in a, room at the
northwest corner of Madison and Market
streets, Chicago. He was 19 years olJ tho
oay he took his place on a high stool be
hind the dingy grated window, above
which, in newly painted letters, gleamed
the words "assistant teller." His duties
combined those of messenger boy, office
boy and collector. His salary was $35 e
month. To-day he Is personally the man
ager, as for years past he has beeii the
guiding spirit, of the richest, busiest and
most influential bank west of New York.
The National City Bank of that city is
the only one In the United States that has
a greater volume of as highly profitable
business.
' No considerable financial hns
been worked out in Chicago during the
last decade— certainly none since the
World's Columbian Exposition— without
an assenting opinion from his lips or the
sanction of his remarkable judgment. But
he is much more than adviser— his Is the
comprehensive mind in which are evolved
,the endless minutae of great financial un
dertakings; and small, indeed, is the do
tail, trifling the contingency, which he
does not anticipate and provide against.
When Eastern capitalists seek a Chicago
outlet for their money they send their con
fidential agents,. their engineers, their au
ditors and their legal counsel to report on
the details. 'But .when all the surveys are,
made and all the "expert opinions" are In
then they come in persojh to lay everything
before John J. Mitchell, whose judgment
and sagacity outweigh much technical
verbiage. Then they are ready to act.
y '~ *-¦
MOXDAY.. APRIL 15, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
~AdtoM^AlTcoManie»tlo:ii t> W. S. LEAKE. Manager. ;; .
at AX ACER'S OFFICE ..Telephone F S5^LS2^
rLDLICATlO.^OFFJCE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Prentt 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ..217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone I*re«« 2O2.
Delivered l»y Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week,
Single Copien, 5 Cent*.
Terra* b>- Mall, Including; "Postage:
:»AII,T CALL, (including Sunday), one year - *6.<K>
DAILY CAL.T* (including Sunday). 6 months ••«|
I»AILY OAI.ii (including Sunday). 3 months !-f°
PAILY CALL-By Single Month <**
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 - ou
All postmailera are antborlied to receive
Mubncrlptlonn.
Fair.rle ccrlc* «UI be forwarded when requested.
Mail Bubrcrn>rs Jn ordering: chanpe- of a<5<Jr»M should be
particular to «rU-e both XEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
:o Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 77777777. ..'.1HS Drondwny
C. GI2OKGE KROGXESS.
K«n»g«r rereipn Adrertiiing. M»r$o«tte Building. Chicago.
Jy-nK Distance Telephone '•Central 2613.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C. CARLTO.V ." Herald Square
NEW YOrtK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN Ik SMITH 3<> Tribune Rntldlnsr
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murrey Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Kremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
The four German battleships on the
China station will soon be ordered home
for refit. .Their present armament of
heavy guns will be removed and batteries
of six-inch quick-firers substituted.
• • •
The Japanese armored cruiser Iwata.
launched at Elswick March 29. 1900, was
handed over to the Government on March
IS last and left the Tyne for Plymouth
on the following day. to proceed for
home. The Iwata Is 9S0O tons, is fitted
with Belleville boilers and has a speed of
The Vickers-Maxim Company, at Bar
rows, has declared a dividend of 20 per
cent. The directors recommend an in
crease in the ordinary share capital to
$11,000,000 and the issue of 200,000 new
shares to the stockholders. The business
of this company la almost exclusively in
warships and war material, and it la prob
ably the best raying dividend concern of
Its kind in the world.
¦;;. • ji • •
The Olga. third-class cruiser In the Ger
man navy, has been fitted out for a gun
nery training rbip. An upper deck has
been added and she is now armed with
eleven quick-firers »nd eleven machine
guns. The hull Is built with Iron frames
planked with wood and coppered, and al
though over twenty years old la still good
for many years' service as a sea-going
gunnery ship.
There has been a commendable rapidity
In shipbuilding in French dockyards of
late years, notably In that of the armored
cruiser Jena, of 12.052 tons, built at Brest.
The vessel was begun in January. 1S9*.
launched in October of the same year and
completed for sea by January 1. 1901. Rus
sia has likewise done some quick work,
having laid down, launched, completed
and sent out to the China station the arm
ored cruiser Gromoboi. of 13,336 tons, while
England during the same time hasbeen
unable to complete some of the 11,000-ton
cruisers, one of which is still at the dock
yards, and all of them more or less un
satisfactory as to general results.
• • •
Newfoundland fishermen have frequent
ly asked through the home Government
for permission to Join the Royal Na/al
Reserve of Great Britain, and the Admir
alty has finally decided to send a cruiser
to St. Johns to serve as a training ship.
The vessel selected is the Calypso, sister
ship to the Calliope, which was the only
war vessel that weathered the Samoan
hurricane in 1SS3. Probably no finer ma
terial for war personnel exists than
among the brave and hardy fishermen of
the Newfoundland banks, and the United
States Government ought to hold out en
couragement to the equally efficient sea
faring population of the Maine and Mas
sachusetts coasts to organize a naval re
serve for this country
• • . • •
An armored cruiser named the Victor
Hugo Is about to be built for the French
navy. Its tons displacement Is 12.530.
length 4S0 feet, breadth 70 feet 3 Inches.
Her armor protection will be an all
around belt 6.69 inches, protective deck 2\*
Inches and upper deck 1*4 inches. The
armament includes four Ji^-lnch guns in
two turrets, sixteen 6%-inch, of which
twelve are placed In six turrets, twenty
two three-pounders and two machine
guns. All. guns of the main battery are
quick-firers. The main barbettes are 7.87
Inches and the other barbettes 5.51 Inches.
Triple screw engines of 27,500 horsepower
will propel the ship at twenty-two knots*
speed. The complement is 6D0 crew and 33
officers, and the total estimated cost, in
cluding guns, is $5.8-19,700. •
• • •
During the past ninety years only three
commissions as lieutenants have been
given to rank?rs (warrant officers) In the
British navy, while during the same pe
riod over COOfl have been awarded to th*
same class of men In the army, many of
whom "have since risen to the higher
grades, while the three In the navy have
not been permitted to get above sub-lieu
tenant. The Admiralty has now been pe
titioned by the chief and warrant officers
that the honorary rank of lieutenant now
granted to chiefs on retirement who have
served three years in that rank may b«
granted to officers on the active list hav
ing three years seniority as chiefs, that
greater facility be given to young j war
rant and petty officers to obtain the' rank
of lieutenant end that increases of pay
be allowed. These claims are strength
ened by tho circumstance that during the
past six years about 200 mercantile ma
rine officers, with little or no knowledgo
of the Intricate routine and mechanism
of the navy, have been Introduced as
"supplementary lieutenants." while rank
ers from within tho navy have been re
fused a similar recognition.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The Chinese eay that the Christian na
tions str.il. Not that; It Is only their
craze for collecting antiquities.—Indian
apolis News.
Yeast— I never think of ffolnij to sleep
without putting on my nightcap.
Crlmsonbeak— It must look funny to
see you wearing a nightcap in church.—
Yonkers Statesman.
"Yes, my grandfather laid the founda
tion of his fortune by running a trading
boat on the Ohio canal."
"Oh, I see. He conducted a bargain Mil."
Cleveland Plaindealer.
"Mamma," queried little Tommy, "can
a door talk?"
"No, deaj, of course not," was the reply.
"Then." continued the youthful infor
mation seeker, "why did you tell Jarie to
answer the door this morning."— Chicago
Journal.
At Iola the manager of the opera house
has issued a notice to the effect that he
will cause the arrest of any oneiwho spits
on the floor, whistles, yells at the ac
tresses or eats peanuts. And yet this
man has the. exalted nerve to call his
house a "place of amusement."— Kansas
City Journal. . .
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
Another point of interest in the report 'is that com
paratively few'Bermuda lilies were seen in the New
York market this year. A florist is quoted as saying:
"The plants of the islands seem to be afflicted with
some blight \hat had been increasing steadily during
the' last few years, the effect of which is that they no
longer send up the long stalks so necessary to set
off the showy blossoms, but carry their flowers within
a few inches of the ground. The lily industry of Ber
muda,' therefore, has run principally to producing
bulbs for shipment, and these, transplanted to Ameri
can soil, seem to be free from the trouble."
It is a far cry from California to New York, but
improved transportation methods are rapidly over-;
ccming the distance and the time required to traverse
it. Perhaps, in the near future New York may draw
her Easter flower supply from this coast, and then
rich and poor alike can always be sure of having
enough and of the very fairest.
j to' force lilies into flower for tht Easter trade." It
; is added that to make up for the lack of_lilies "many
j novelties appeared to take their place and found great
j favor. Hyacinths of colors never, seen before attracted
j attention, with gorgeous azaleas and violets. * * *
j One Broadway florist introduced the Chinese heather,
; a small bush of bright green foliage, the sprays tipped
with tiny pink flowers, which closely resemble porce
lain." ' • :c>*;*J
Let the world's rage and contempt for such a gov
ernment be uttered by the students of the free coun
t-ties, and let those of -the United States lead.
The Russian students have no arms, no means of
defense. They are herded by the most beastly sol
diery that ever defiled the earth by marching on it,
witli no human instinct and with habits that the
beasts of the field do not disgrace themselves by
practicing.
It is a condition of affairs which, considered in its
origin and consequences, should rouse the indignation
of the world. If it be possible to make a govern
ment feel the contempt of mankind, Russia should
have that sensation. The student bodies of the
United States should in some organized way express
their sympathy for their fellows, the young men and
women of Russia, who aie denied rights so commonly
enjoyed here that to abridge them would be instantly
resisted.
When this miserable outrage was committed on the
students at Kiev, others in the universities at St.
Petersburg and Moscow expressed sympathy for the
hapless lads, and for this have been shot down, their
flesh cut by Cossack whips and their lifeless bodies
trampled in the snow.
The sentence was not by a regular court of law,
but by a court-martial, though the condemned were
civilians and therefore answerable to the civil courts
only.
The meeting was quiet and no conclusion was
reached. But it was against the law to meet at all.
Five of the students who participated were arrested
and put in prison, and n number of others were repri
manded. No student of Kiev had before been put
in a penal cell, unless guilty of a crime against person
or property. Another meeting was held, at which
it was resolved to ask the university authorities to
remit the severe punishment of their comrades. The
rector of the university refused to grant them an,
audience, whereupon they resolved to stay in session
until he would see them. At 8 o'clock that evening
the Cossacks and soldiers arrived with General Novit
zky, head of the police, and many other officials. . The
troops present and under arms numbered 8oo. The
rtctor appeared, refused the request of the students,
and they quietly dispersed: But their names were
U-kcn, and^for doing just what we have narrated and
nothing more, two hundred of these young men have
been condemned to the barracks, which means mili
tary servitude of the most degrading and galling
nature.
A student in the University of Kiev had robbed a
woman of some personal property. The students felt
his conduct as an imputation and stain upon thein
all, and held an orderly meeting to take measures to
clear themselves and their school of any ill-repute that
might result from the crime of one of their number.
In Russia all meetings of the people are prohibited
by law. Such peaceful assemblages as are known and
common in this and other civilized countries are a
crime in that barbarous autocracy.
IN order to understand the enormity of the current
Russian persecution of the students it is necessary
to know its cause.
RUSSIAN PERSECUTION.
him the important work of calling off
items to the teller, he did It with n.d
whole heart.
Working Up the Business.
Being modest and cheerful, the other
clerks did not deny him the Information
which they had spent years In mastering,
and while he. was running errands for
the bookkeeper, the teller and even the col
lector, he was learning the details of
each superior's duties. When he was pro
moted he did not learn to despise the mes
senger boy, but rather went out of his
way to help him.
In 1S75 the bank moved to Clark street,
between Washington and Madison, and
Mr. Mitchell, still a teller, came to be
recognized as a valuable Influence in tl»e
institution. He knew more about things
connected with the bank than any of
his colleagues, and hl3 influence at tho
window came to be felt in Increased de
posits and new customers who asked for
"John." In 187S the Fidelity Bank failed,
and the Illinois Trust and Savings Bank
removed into its abandoned quarters on
Randolph street, being encouraged to ex
pand by a gradual growth of deposits and
credit. H. G. Powers became president
upon the retirement of Mr. SIdway that
year, and John J. Mitchell was advanced
to the position .of cashier. But then trou
blous days came for the savings bank's,
and the small earnings of the struggling
institution fell away. The capital stock,
which had been made $500,000, was reduced
to $100,000, and many of the discouraged
stockholders, prophesying disaster, urged
the dissolution of the business.
Becomes a Bank President.
It was then that the cheerful and well
considered opinions of young Mitchell
came to be of dominant weight in the
directors* room. He had plans for the
safe enlargement of the business, saw
where Imperfect methods could be improv
ed and lost opportunities regained. His
suggestions were adopted and the fading
profits of the bank came back in larger
measure; no loans were made except upon
•sound collateral, the bank reached out tor
new business and got it upon the most
conservative basis.
In 1880 Mr. Powers retired and the ques
tion of choosing a new president became
all important to the success of the insti
tution, then In the most critical stage of
its career. John J. Mitchell was only 26
years old, yet a majority of the directors
at once agreed that he was the man for
the place. His father and a few of the
other directors said it would be ridiculous
to place a boy at the head of a bank. A
well-known, wealthy man of long exper
ience and of standing as a financier was
what they wanted. Finally the adherents
of young Mitchell prevailed over all but
his father, who continued to insist that
John was too young. Some members of
the board finally said that they would
withdraw if the appointment was not
made. They had been leaning upon his
judgment and profiting by his efforts and
they would have no other man for their
president. So the elder Mitchell was
compelled to acquiesce.
Building Up a Great Business.
That the confidence placed In him was
merited became quickly evident- Ener
getic and unhampered work by the young
president soon brought the deposits to
$1,000,000— a wonderful showing for a new
bank at that time. In 1SSS the business of
the bank had increased to so great an ex
tent that its old quarters was no longer
sufficient and the ground floor of the
Rookery svas chosen for the place for
the third removal. The capital stock had
been increased to $2,000,000, a sum twenty
times greater than the capital of the in
stitution when Mr. Mitchell began to take
part in. Its direction, and its surplus was
$2,500,000. Its quarters became one of the
show places of Chicago, and even Presi
dent Mitchell and his most optimistic ad
mirers did not then believe that the bank
could ever outgrow its new home.
For twenty years President Mitchell has
been so much the head and motive power
of the Illinois Trust and Savings Bank
that its history J3 hla history. Until three
years ago his vacations were few and
short. He was married in 1S90 to Alias
Louise Jewett.of Cambridge. Mass. but
even his honeymoon did not keep him
many months from hla office desk. The
business crew until he Raw within reas
onable possibility the chance to make of
it the greatest bankin* institution in the
United Slates, and with complacent and
chc«rful determination ho seems to have
fixed upon his ambition. Always of do
mostlo tastes, he all but forsook his club*
after his marriage. Hetulnln-r his youth
ful fondness for animals, he Installed at
hla homo n stable of good horses, and
for years hla chief recreation has been
driving in the i>urks nnd boulevards with
his wife ana children.
The Great Financier of To-Day.^
Tho later history of the growth of Mr
Mitchell's bank Is familiar to tlnanclors!
When the space in the Rookery becam'o
too confined for its expanding business
the directors, advised by tho president
determined to secure a permanent homo
and one that would surpass any similar
structure in the world. The building at
tho northeast corner of Jackson Boule
vard and La Salle Street is the result. It
cost nearly $750,000 and Is by architectural
critics conceded to be the most beautiful
and most complete bank building in the
world. Every feature of its plan and
every detail of its construction received
the personal attentiqn of President Mit
chell himself.
Soon after the completion of tho new
building his health was threatened and
he took the first long vacation of his busi
ness career. His vigor soon returned and
with it renewed ambition for the future
of his bank. Recently he has become in
terested with Mr. Yerkes in rapid tran
sit enterprises for the City of London He
is a director in the Chicago and Alton
Railroad, which was founded by his fath
er; in the Kansas City Southern Railway
the Traders* Insurance Company, the
Chicago Edison Company, the Northwest
ern Elevated Company, the United States
Brewing Company, the Commonwealth
Electric Company and the Pacific Ameri
can Fisheries Company and is a member
of the board of managers of the Chicago
branch of the Audit Company of New
York.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES,
SPAIN'S FTNANCES-G., Oleander
Cal. The public debt of Spain is $1,963,
261,825. The anual revenue Is $167,469,640
and the annual expenditure $161,090,380.
GUAM— S.,- Gilroy. For Information
relative to the climate of Guam and trade
conditions address a communication to
the military governor of that place.
HALF DIME— A. O..S.. Newcastle Cal
A half dime of 1S34 Is not a coin for which
dealers pay a premium. They sell such at
prices varying from 20 to 40 cents.
ALLEGORICAL FIGURES-Subscriber
City. The allegorical figures on the nil'
lars at the entrance to The Call bulldin
are not "of artificial stone put on to th*
pillars." They are carved out of the solid
stone. . v . '
; SIERRA MADRE— C. S. City A
respondent suggests that Sierra Madre al
applied to a mountain range may mean
"serrated like the teeth of a saw"
that Sierra Maure may mean "serrated
mountain range." This department Sves
the suggestion for what It j 3 worth.
STRAIGHTS IX I>RA"W POKER— 4. T>
City. Hoyle lays down the fallowing 'rule
in regard to straights in draw Dokor- »a
straight is five clrds in ?egTl a P r order of
denomination; the cards may be of differ
ent suits. A straight_win beat triplets/ 7
THE SAMOA-W. K.. Oakland, Cal
The steel pests which project up from the
deck of the steamer Samoa are stanchions
-o wlilcn when occasion * requires, eide4
and enos ars attached tor the purpose of
forming cattle pens for the transportation
of cattle. ' ¦¦ . r • - . . -
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
: " The San Francisco Call
Ninth. Article of Series on "The Opportunity
and the Man," Dealing With the
Career of a Chicago Banker.
/ " COPTRIGHT, 1901.
IX.— JOHN J. MITCHELL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL, MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1901.
4
The removal of Aguirialdo • from the .position , of
chief sprinter of the Filipinos leaves a chance open for
some pother fellow/ to : get . in and • try to break the
Call ftub«criber*> contemplating a change of
residence dorlnjj- the Bummer months can have
their paper forwarded I»j- mall to tbelr neir
addreiBei by- notifying The Call Bnalneii Office.
Thin puf>cr will also be on sale at all Hammer
resort* and is represented by a local agent in
*11 lowiiis on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'B.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Little 3-year-old Alice stood watchi.isr
her mother baking pancakes. After a
few moments' silent observation she said:
"Put on back, turn over on stomach, then
eat." — Chicago News.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
A GOOD STORY
A certain young lady in del-
icate health was advised by her
doctor to take a half-teaspoOn-
ful of Soott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil after dinner— once a
day — and found herself almost
suddenly growing robust.
So small a dose is by no
means the rule; the rule is
whatever the stomach will bear
—not more. Another rule is:
take it on every least occasion,
but not too much; don't over-
do it. .
We'll send you a little to try, if you Ek«.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl street. Niw Y«k
AMUSEMENTS.
* • _^____
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Oh Susannah."
Grand Opera-lioup* — "East Lynne."
Columbia— "More Than Queen."*
California— "The County Fair."
Ontral— "Julius Caeear."
Tlvoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenirj.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
Hy Occidental Horse Exchange— Monday, April 15, Horses,
at T21 Howard street.
Br G. H. I'mbeen— Thursday. April 18, at 12 o'clock. Busi-
ness "Property, at 11 Montgomery street.Colonel .E. H. Plummer, Majors W. C. Short,
W. Lt Geary and L.. B. Gramby; Captains A.
F. Halpln. H. T. Matthews. J. A. Rugglfs, T.
W. Danah, C. D. Roberts, W. G. Bchrieber. K.
W, Robinson, H. - N. Coates and Dr.- John
Carllng; First Lieutenants J. H. Lewis, J. L.
Hughes. L. T. ¦. Baker, • Grover Flint, W. F.
Goodson. P. "W. Van der Voort. R. WJ Collins,
C. R. Elliott and G. N. Kimball; Second Lleu
etnants S. D. Smith, D. W. Strong, B. Goss.
J. H. Newport, J. A. Degan, B. Kossman and
Roger Duval.
The officers of the First and Third bat
talions, Thirty-fifth Infantry, are as fol
lows : ¦
Colonel William E. Birkheimer, Major Thom
as C. Chalmers. Captains John H. Dunn, John
D. Croasman, John P. Teagrarden, C. C. Bick
man, S. A. Price, S. D. Crawford, C. S. Camp
bell, W. C. King, P. Vredenburgh and -C. S.
Fries; First Lieutenants H. S. Terrill, F. B.
Nellsftn, L. C. Waldron. G. H. Wood, B. J.
"Wooton, R. S. Hansburg:, E. S. Stager, C. A.
Boice. John M. Dunn, D. - H. Geinty. W. H.
Lyons and A. T. Easton; Second Lieutenants C.
R. Jones, J. F. Bishop. M. B. Mabson, R. M.
Mitchell, J. M. Grey, L. E. Schucker, H. Good
year and Dr. G. P. Peed.
' Major Thomas Q. Ashburn, Thirty-third In
fantry, and wife; Captain Thomas G. Hanson.
Nineteenth Infantry; Dr. Fred Palmer, Miss
Minnie Valentine. Miss Josephine Zlnk. Mlsa
Barbara Weidman. and Thomas Sweeney.
The officers of the Twenty-eighth Regi
ment are the following named:
The Thomas brought 1039 men of the
Twenty-eighth and 533 of the Thirty
fifth Infantry, 12 members of the Hos
pital Corps, 33 discharged soldiers, 7 dis
charged men from Nagasaki, 1 teamster,
3 prisoners and 8 stowaways. The pris
oners are : Privates Casey, Company K,
Fortieth Infantry; Stanley, Company D.
Twenty-eighth Infantry, and | Lynch.
Company C, Thirty-fifth Infantry. The
cabin passengers on the Thomas were
the following named: .'
Brings Many Soldiers.
The army transport Thomas, twenty
nine days from Manila and twenty days
from Nagasaki, arrived In port yesterday
afternoon. It was after sundown before
she was passed by, the quarantine officer,
so nobody was allowed to come ashore un
til this morning:. The run -across the Pa
cific was marked by one fatality. Louis
Smith, a cabin boy, fell overboard an-1
was killed. He went aft to ' empty a
bucket over the stern. As he tilted the
receptacle the ship ¦ gave a roll and the
boy, losing his balance, fell headforemost
between the revolving screws. He must
have been cut to pieces, as the body did
not come to the surface again. The lad's
father is chief plumber aboard the
Thomas, and he has been nearly crazy
with grief since the accident.
Captain Buford of the Thomas says the
Rosecrans, with the remainder of the
Thirty-fifth Infantry, Is coming home via
Honolulu. The Lawtdfc left Nagasaki a
day ahead of the Thomas, and should ar
rive to-day. The Garonne, now out twen
ty-flve days with the Twenty-sixth In
fantry from Nagasaki, was not sighted
during the voyage. The transport offi
cials expect her to-day. . ,
Quick and Uneventful Voyag« Home
of the Twenty-Eighth and Two
• Battalions of Thirty-Fifth
Volunteer Infantry.
Louis Smith, Cabin Boy, Son
of Chief Plumber, Lost
Overboard.
ARMY TRANSPORT
THOMAS IN PORT
MONDAY, APRIL. 15.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
tand column and the successive . tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. ' . ¦'
TO ARRIVE,
TO SAIL.
GRASS VALLEY, April 14.— The second
marriage . of Mrs. Angelina Nelson . and
Frank - Nelson- of Grass .Valley occurred
at Reno, Nev., this week.,- The couple
were divorced some months ago, but they
found life dreary ¦ without each other.
Nelson is engaged in the. plumbing busi
ness in this city. •
Divorotd and Then Bemarried.
There has been a great scarcity of
sailors along 1 the water front for the last
two months and the boarding masters
have been driven to many an expedient
in order to secure men to man the grain
fleet. In several instances vessels have
gone out with "ereen" crews while the
salmon fleet took awav the best men "on
the beach."
When the Otto Gildermeister was towed
In here in distress from San Diego she
had a full crew of A. B.'s aboard. All
the men had from $75 to $100 coming to
them, however, and not one of them coulrl
at first be induced to desert. They wanted
their money and if Captain Wilmsen was
willing to pay them off they would agree
to accept a passage to New York instead
of to Germany, where the ship's articles
say they should be paid off. This the
captain would not agree to. If the men
wanted to leave the ship well and good: if
they elected to stand by until she was
ready for sea again also well and good.
This state of affairs did not suit the
boarding masters, however. Each man
was worth $40 "blood money" to them and
as much more as thev could get out of
the first month's advance. Thev there
fore concocted a scheme to get the men to
desert. A lad known us "Snake" Hennesy
was pressed into service, and after a
careful training was smuggled aboard the
Otto Gildermeister. A few days later it
was whispered along the front that tha
dismasted German was haunted. Fully
half the crew had seen the ghost of a dead
and gone comrade capering around the
forecastle while the other half had heard
him groaning m his last agony. "Snake"
did his work well and Inside of three days
there was not an able seaman on the Otto
Gildermeister who would not swear that
the ghost of Hans Peterson, who fell from
aloft and was killed, was haunting the
ship. :
The trick of the boarding masters now
began to bear fruit First two of the men
slipped quetly away, leaving $150 In p*y
behind them and twenty-four hours later
they were on their way out through the
Golden Gate on one of the grain fleet.
Then two more got ashore and were
shipped north on a steam whaler. An
other brought suit against the captain, to
recover his wages but was rushed aboard
a ship that wanted one man to conmlete
her crew and the lawyer has been com
pelled to drop the case.
The ehost did its work well. The Ottc
Gildermelster is left with only a couole
of A. B.s and the boarding masters are
richer by $500. ?:..:'<
•v . *
Tne Wellington's Narrow Escape.
The collier Wellington had a narrow es
cape in Oakland Creek yesterday. She
was leaving Taylor's wharf and the tug
Redmond was assisting her. Captain Sal
round was giving .the signal "half-Epeed
astern" when the Indicator broke at "half
speed ahead," which order the engineer
obeyed. While trying to rectify the mis
take the Indicator moved around to "full
speed ahead." This signal was also
obeyed, and in a few seconds the Welling
ton was speeding for the wharf, with the
Redmond doinjr her best to hold her back.
The first officer made a Hying trip to the
Vnelne-room and had the engines reversed
just In time to avert the threatened col
lision. ¦ ' ¦
Water Front Notes.
There was an enormous amount of
travel across the bay yesterday. The new
ly appointed railroad detectives were in
evidence for the first time, and all the nlc-
Waters at Fort Point, r entrance - to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official " au
thority of the Superintendent. /
NOTE— The high and low waters'. occur/ at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
• Times and- Heights of High and Low
Sim, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aorll 14— Stmr Tau
ric, from Liverpool. Sailed— Stm r Georgian, for
Liverpool.
Arrived April 14— Stmr Astoria, from Glas
gow and Moville.
KINSALE— Passed April 14— Stmr Cevlc,
from New York, for Liverpool.
LIZARD— Passed April 14— Stmr Minnehaha,
from New York, for London.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 14— Stmr Fries
land, from New York. „• ;" .
LONDONDERRY— Sailed April 14— Stmr Tau
renton. from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Hall
fax. N. S.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed April 14 — Stmr
Lahn. from Bremen, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 14— Stmr Um
bria, for New York. . ,t
BOSTON— Arrived April 14— Stmr UKonia.
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Per ship Columbia— On April 10. lat 37.52 N,
Ion 133.12 W, passed bark C S Allen.
SPOKEN.
EUREKA— Arrived April 14— Stmr Alliance,
hence April 12: stmr Pomona, hence April 13.
COOS BAT— Sailed April 14— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 13— Stmr Victorian,
for Skafniay; stmr r>lrigo, for Skaguay.
TACOMA— Sailed April 14— Stmr Dirlgo, for
Alaska.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, April 14—10 p. i m.— Weather
thick; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
SAILED.
, Sunday, April 14.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Chemainus.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr W II Krugrer, Krog, .
Ger stmr Pentaur, Petersen, Hamburg and
way ports.
Ship Two Brothers, .Wilson,' Bristol Bay.
Br ship Drummuir, Armstrong, Port Town
send.
Bark Goallnga, Olsen, Bristol Bay. * '
Schr Queen, Nielson, Puget Sound.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Hunting, Stewarts
T*olnt
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, -.
TELEGRAPHIC. : : ,
Sunday. April 14.
' Stmr Eureka, Jepson, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, from .
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 66 hours from New
port. . . ' ¦
• Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 29% hours from
Crescent City. ¦•¦ .• ¦
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 16 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy, Lei and, 27 hours from ¦ Moss
Landing and way ports. •
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 46 hours from San
Diego' and way ports. \
i U S stmr Thomas, Buford, .29 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 22 days.
Ship Columbia, Mattson, 21 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Jensen, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark, Beck, 12 hours from . Flsks
Mills.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 58 hours from Cooa
Bay.
Schr Chas R "Wilson, Johnson, 7 days from
Aberdeen.
Barge C H Wheeler, Wheeler.. 4 days from
Nehalem River.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The first shipment of this season's dried
apricots came from southern ports on the
steamer Queen yesterday. She brought
up 1300 boxes, and as many more will
come on the Santa Rosa.
The American ship Kenilworth has ar
rived at the Delaware breakwater, mak
ing the run from Liverpool in the fast
time of nineteen days: The Kenilworth
is to load for fan Francisco," which will
be good news for Captain Taylor's family
and relatives here.
nic trains carried four or five of them. The
regular police found little to do, as every
body was orderly.
BOARDING MASTERS' GHCJST ON GILDERMEISTER
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both olaces.
of living men, but of living forces. The
world means organized power. Men call
it the power of the church or state, the
power of the party, the power of j the
press, the power of capital, the power, of
education— they give it a hunderd names,,
and they are all real. .They stand for
facts. And these, forces represent our
world. If we want to save men and to
help them in body and soul; if we want
to take part in the social endeavor and in
the ministry of our time, our approach
to them" lies through the forces which we
must possess in so far as we may hope
to do the greatest good. The man who Is
afraid of this intervening world and mis
understands it or underestimates its
moral value will certainly lose it. And
he who loses his world loses the thing of
greatest worth next his own soul."
* • . ¦
DISTINGUISHED HEAD OF A FAMOUS OLD COLLEGE WHO OCCU
PIED THE PULPIT AT DR. GEORGE C. ADAMS'. CHURCH YESTER
DAY MORNING AND PREACHED AN ELOQUENT SERMON.
their lives and who by their struggles
have made it more possible to save ours.
All honor to them and gratitude and
praise. But those who come to mind at
this hour and give us assurance and
strength, and they who in their time left
their stamp upon men and upon events,
who widened the paths of justice and of
mercy, who led the way to the heights of
statesmanship, who carried the lights of
learning and religion into dark lands, who
consecrated wealth by their methods of
gaining it: men who knew their honest
rights in the world and dared to maintain
them, who forced their way across dis
puted territory, and held the ground for
us to occupy when we are ready to ad
vance. A church stands from generation
to generation for this forward movement
into the world. There is a world not only
REV. DR. WILLIAM "J. TUCKER,
president of Dartmouth College,
occupied the pulpit in the First
Congregational Church at the
¦ morning service yesterday and
delivered an eloquent sermon on "A Man's
Soul and His World." In anticipation of
a sermon by the distinguished educator
the church was crowded, and during the
whole of the discourse Dr. Tucker held
the complete attention of the congrega
tion. The entire sermon was devoted to
his text. At the conclusion of the service
Dr. Tucker held an informal reception and
was introduced to many Dartmouth grad
uates wha reside in' this city. Rev. Dr.
Tucker preached in part as follows:
"The questoln of personal salvation is
not what we are saved from but what we
are saved to, what we take up with us in
the process of our salvation. You send
your ship to sail the sea. It comes back
to you almost a wreck, the cargo lost,
and with only enough of its crew left to
bring the dismantled hulk to port. That
may be a grand sight. It may tell its own
story of suffering and heroism. A whole
city may turn out before it in welcome.
But that was not the object for which
you sent your ship to sail the sea. You
waited its return freighted with the riches
for which you built your ship and picked
your crew to man it.
"God sends a soul into this world and
it comes back almost a loss, alone, and
empty-handed. That may be a, grand
sight. It may tell its own story of tempta
tion and struggle and victory, a scarred
soul, but saved. All heaven may turn out
to give It welcome. But that was not the
end for which God sent that soul into the
world. He waited its return rich with the
earnings of the years of time.
"Heaven, it is a common saying, is re
served for those who fail here. Men may '
so fail here that there is no place In
heaven too high for them. But men may
so succeed here as to enrich heaven. I
read in the vision of the holy city? "They
shall bring the glory and the honor of
nations Into it.' That .is the honorable,
the legitimate, the actual contribution of
earth to heaven.
! "Who can compute the earnings of great
souls? Your roll of honor may disclose
hereafter the names of those who have
fought for their souls as men fight for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1901.
Rev. Dr. Tucker Talks Eloquently to a Large Audience
and After the Services Greets Many Graduates of the
Educational Institution of Which He Is the Head
DARTMOUTH'S PRESIDENT PREACHES
AT FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
5
3un rises
~u n sets
Moon rises
Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
L. W • . H W . L W
15 ... 2:23 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33
16 ... 3:12 0.8 9:85 5.1 3:20
17 ... 3:59 0.2 10:34 5.3 4:03
13 ... 4:44 —0.3 11:30 5.3 4:43
L9 ... 5:31 —0.8 12:27 6.2 5:27
!0 ... 6:22-0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12
H W L \V H W
!1 ... 0:2716.317:131—0.91 2:21
.Z:hY'a
.5:34
,.6:45
:. m.
i
Ft.
Time I
Ft.
H W
0.9
1.1
1.2
1.6
1.9
2.2
9:10
9:45
10:25
11:01
11:41
5.5
6.3
6.1
6.3
6.3
j 5.0
7:03
! 2.6
Steamer.
Destination.
| Sails.
Pier.
Grace Dollar.
Empire
Eureka........
Nome City..:.
Walla Walla.
Bonlta.... ....
Mandalay.....
China
Limarl
Ventura. ......
Queen.........
April 15.
Grays Harbor ....
April 16.
Coos Bay ..."
Humboldt ......
Seattle direct .....
Puget Sound Ports
Newport .............
Coqullle River ...".
April 17.
China and Japan..
Valparaiso & Way.
Sydney & Way Pts
San Diego
April 18.
Coos Bay ...".
Humboldt
Humboldt ."...!
Seattle
Panama & Way.'. .
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt
Tillamook Bay ....
- April 19.
Newport
April 2O. -
Point Arena .......
Nome via. Seattle.;
N. . Y. " v. Panama.
5 pm
12 m
9 am
4 pm
11 am
9 am
10 am
1 pm
12 m
9 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier . 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
PMSS
S.w. 2
Pier 7
Pier 11
Arcata . ...
Santa Barb...
Pomona.......
Robt. Dollar..
City of Para..
G..W. Elder..
North Fork... 1
Acme
12 m
4 pm
2 pm
ii"m
11 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
.......
Corona........
9 am
Pier 11
Point Arena..
Jeanie. — .*..•
Leelanaw
2 pnv
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 16
I 2 pm
Steamer.
Prom.
I Due.
San Pedro .'Humboldt
Bristol 'Oyster Harbor
G. W. Elder..... Portland and Astoria..
North Fork Humboldt
Kvarven Nanalmo
Mackinaw Seattle
Arcata.. Coos Bay
Fulton Grays Harbor.
Pomona Humboldt
Doric... China and Japan
Corona.. Newport .....;...
TJmatilla... Puget Sound Ports.
Senta Barbara, San Pedro.
Hyades. :... Oyster Harbor
Acme. San Pedro
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena.... Point Arena. I
Australia. Tahiti • :
Colon... /.. Panama & Way Ports.
Progreso..; Tacoma
Argo Coquille River
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom
Kewburg 4 Srays Harbor.
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16 !
Apr. 17 I
Apr. 17
Apr. 18
Apr. IS
Apr. 18
Apr. 18 i
Apr. 18
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
3un rises
~u n sets
Moon rises
Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
L. W • . H W . L W
15 ... 2:23 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33
16 ... 3:12 0.8 9:85 5.1 3:20
17 ... 3:59 0.2 10:34 5.3 4:03
13 ... 4:44 —0.3 11:30 5.3 4:43
L9 ... 5:31 —0.8 12:27 6.2 5:27
!0 ... 6:22-0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12
H W L \V H W
!1 ... 0:2716.317:131—0.91 2:21
.Z:hY'a
.5:34
,.6:45
:. m.
i
Ft.
Time I
Ft.
H W
0.9
1.1
1.2
1.6
1.9
2.2
9:10
9:45
10:25
11:01
11:41
5.5
6.3
6.1
6.3
6.3
j 5.0
7:03
! 2.6
Steamer.
Destination.
| Sails.
Pier.
Grace Dollar.
Empire
Eureka........
Nome City..:.
Walla Walla.
Bonlta.... ....
Mandalay.....
China
Limarl
Ventura. ......
Queen.........
April 15.
Grays Harbor ....
April 16.
Coos Bay ..."
Humboldt ......
Seattle direct .....
Puget Sound Ports
Newport .............
Coqullle River ...".
April 17.
China and Japan..
Valparaiso & Way.
Sydney & Way Pts
San Diego
April 18.
Coos Bay ...".
Humboldt
Humboldt ."...!
Seattle
Panama & Way.'. .
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt
Tillamook Bay ....
- April 19.
Newport
April 2O. -
Point Arena .......
Nome via. Seattle.;
N. . Y. " v. Panama.
5 pm
12 m
9 am
4 pm
11 am
9 am
10 am
1 pm
12 m
9 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier . 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
PMSS
S.w. 2
Pier 7
Pier 11
Arcata . ...
Santa Barb...
Pomona.......
Robt. Dollar..
City of Para..
G..W. Elder..
North Fork... 1
Acme
12 m
4 pm
2 pm
ii"m
11 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
.......
Corona........
9 am
Pier 11
Point Arena..
Jeanie. — .*..•
Leelanaw
2 pnv
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 16
I 2 pm
Steamer.
Prom.
I Due.
San Pedro .'Humboldt
Bristol 'Oyster Harbor
G. W. Elder..... Portland and Astoria..
North Fork Humboldt
Kvarven Nanalmo
Mackinaw Seattle
Arcata.. Coos Bay
Fulton Grays Harbor.
Pomona Humboldt
Doric... China and Japan
Corona.. Newport .....;...
TJmatilla... Puget Sound Ports.
Senta Barbara, San Pedro.
Hyades. :... Oyster Harbor
Acme. San Pedro
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena.... Point Arena. I
Australia. Tahiti • :
Colon... /.. Panama & Way Ports.
Progreso..; Tacoma
Argo Coquille River
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom
Kewburg 4 Srays Harbor.
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16
Apr. 16 !
Apr. 17 I
Apr. 17
Apr. 18
Apr. IS
Apr. 18
Apr. 18 i
Apr. 18
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S HOMEOPATHIC HOME REMEDY CO.,
New York Philadelphia
In order that the price may not prevent any one from u-in^ this
SoaD. druggists have been instructed to sell the regular 25-cent size
for 15 cents. Trial size, 5 cents. Sent by mail onreceipt of price to •
any address.
I regard soap as a medicine. It either benefits or injures. The
pores of the body take into the system more or less of the soap, and
the blood carries the same to every organ of the body. Therefore,
it is important that people should use only soap that is free from all
poisonous fats and alkalies. Witch Hazel is used in every hospital
throughout the civilized world, and is endorsed by physicians as Na-
ture's Greatest Skin Remedy, Having combined Witch Hazel with
other known healing and curative medicaments, Imostpositively assert
that lam offering to the Public th2 Best Toilet Soap Ever Made. I mean
by this that it is best for the complexion, best for the scalp, best for
the baby, best for curing all skin eruptions. It will soften the roughest
skin; it will cure chapped hands and lips in a night, it wili positivelv
cure dandruff and all scalp diseases, and allay all forms of itching. It
is more soothing than Cold Cream, more healing than any lot-on,
liniment or salve, more, beautifying than any, cosmetic. Every ingre-
dients this Soap is pure enough to eat. I want the Public to hive the
sameconfidence in this Soap that they have in my remedies. — MUNYON.
AMUSEMENTS^
Opening of the regular season with gTeat suc-
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATTTRDAY.
NEIL BURGESS,
AS .
ABIGAIL PRUE IN H!S pS g duction of
THE COUNTY FAIR
Friday Even:iH-Tii3 Bi? JOCKEY NIGHT.
3 Thoroughbred Racehorses mounted by is mwyJQ
g»yly clad joekey3 rnnning a ?i-mile dash w
EVENING 2."c, 35c, 50c. 7Rc. $100
1VI4TIVKE • 25c, 50c. Joe
Next-Chas. H." Yale's "THE EVIL EYE."
VAUDEVILLE EXTRAORDINARY.
Trancesca Redding and Co., Horace
Goldin, Barbareschi and Castei-
lano, Prevost and Prevost, Hal
Stephens and Co., Josephine Gass-
man and Picks, George H. Woods,
The Great American Biograph.
Farewell Week of
TschernofE's Famous Dog Circus.
; Reserved Seats. 25c; 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, aOc.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
Commencing THIS (MONDAY) EVENING.
Miss Florence Stone and Jack Webster
In an Elaborate Revival of
EAST
LYNNE!
Prlces-10c. 15c, 25c, 50c. Few seats. 75c.
Good seat In orchestra Saturday and Sun/ay
. . Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
ST&tH EAT R E^A >
TO-1V1CHT A^V?L ME
MONDAY, REVIVAL
OH
SUSANNAH!
Made all New York laugh.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— New York's Sensational Comedy,
"THE CONQUERORS."
CHUTES/™ ZOO
' EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVKNING.
LA USTA,
The Wonderful Miriad Dancer.
THE GIRL OF QUALITY, SCOTT
AND WTXSON, COAKLET5T AND
HTJESTED, MIRIAM AINS-
WORTH, BAHNES* DOG AND
PONY SHOW, NEW MOVING
PICTTJBES.
LEAH MAY^e Giantess.
AMATEUR NIfiJT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for geats— Parlc iS.
PTCrWIJR's CONCERT HOUSE.
riaUnCiii'O Admission lOc.
Damery And "Bancroft, Laura I^opez. : Jack :
Symowis, Agnes Fried. Tom Mack, Moll and
Karl Leota . Howard and Melville Coakley.
Resen-ed seats. ¦ 25c. Hatlnee Sunday.
OAfT- Pi C\ \i A 1 Corner Fourth , and
uftrt nuiAL |-|3L^S
valises checked free.
AMUSEMENTS.
(f* £% § § § %k§& %3 3 H FRANCISCO'S
vUlaUIWflOEM LEADING THEATRE
SECOND ANDTAST WEEK.
MflTlNEE SATURDAY.
AMERICA'S DISTIXGtTISHED EMOTIOXAI*
ACTRESS.
lore Than Queen.
An Imperial Spectacle, Founded on the Ro-
mance of Napoleon and Josephine.
THE ORIGINAL NEW YORK PRODUCTION.
MAGNIFICENTLY RICH
HISTORICALLY CORRECT.
This attraction doea not appear In Oakland.
Evenings at 3. Matinee Saturday at 1.
"IT SHINES BRIGHTER THAN EVER"
And Crowds the House Nightly.
THE
mm 'o rvr
SOUL 5 tit
"HOOT WIOIV."
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
HARTMANN as ABEL CONN.
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50o
Telephone— Bush 9. ¦
BELA$CO*"°THALCSjfcii^
ir* ¦¦ " mtsaemriuu
Beginnlns TO-NIGHT— EVERY BVKNINO
THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ANT> SUNDAY.
, Last Week Encasement America's Tragedian,
ROBERT DOWNING
And a Powerful Cast. Including: the Popular
Actor, MASON MITCHELL. Jn Shake-
speare's
JULIUS OESAR
Presented on a Scale of Extraordinary
Maeniflcence.
tOO PEOPLE ON THE STAGE 200
DDirEC EVENINGS 10c, 15c, 25c. J3c, 50o
JralCCJ MATINEES 10c. 15c, tto
Next Week— "A FAIR REBEL."
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
AN EXHIBITION
— OF THE —
Industrial and Allied Arts
IS NOW IN PROGRESS
IN THE ART GALLERY
OF
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO CLOSE ON '-•.-,•..
SATURDAY EVE.. April 20.
Ox>en Afternoons and Evenings.
Admission, 23c. Season Tickets. $1 50. Chil-
dren, 10c
Dif EC TANFOBAN
HALE J_ pake.
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
' SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
April 15 to 19. Inclusive.
FINE CARD EVERY DAY.
First Race Daily at !:10 P. M.'
Trains from Third and Townsend streets — 7.
10:30. 11:30 a. m.; 12:40. 1, 1:20, 2 p. m.
Returning, leave track at 4:15 and thereafter
at short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for
ladies and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE), $1 23.
E. J. POWER, facing Secretary. «
I DR.PIERCES
MEDICAL
. FOR THE
I BLOOD.LIVER.LUiVGS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A 1 , BITTERS, THE
great Mexican .remedy; gives health ana
strength to sexual organs. ' ¦ Depot, 323 Market.
DR.MEYERS&CD.
Specialists. / Dis-
ease and Weakness
of men. \ Estab-
lished 1881. * Consul-
tation' and private
book free, at office
or>by mail.. Cures
guaranteed. : . TJJl
Market street (ele-
vator entrance?,
: San Francisco.
133 Powell Street.
Payment by Installments.
Chalmers Dental Co.,
Comfortable, Natural-lookins: Platen
that you can chew with, made of best
material by experienced workmen.
A FULL SET OF TEETH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE tf *0 fllWTfcff
Irfti^&^^F* & CO*
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Ca-load of Refrigerators, all sizes,
just arrived.
Country orders solicited.
"SPECIAL PRICES" to Sum-
mer Resorts and Hotels.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
Batter, finest Creamery sq 29c
Every square eruaranteed. ReB. 33c.
Cheese, finest Cal. Cream ?!f ft He
Tea, 10 different kinds ' 1b 40c
Our high rrade 60c.
Window Screens
Made of wpII -seasoned oak and best
quality of wire *ore«>nlnjr. GUARAN-
TEED ICOT TO RUST.
When Closed. Opened. Regr. Now.
!Sx20 Inch S3H Inch 30c UT»c
22x24 37H 50c 44>c
A complete line of Transom and Sky-
lig-ht Screens. aJl sizes. ,..*_;
Telescope Baskets
Sxl5 Inrhes, re*. 25c. 15c
10x16 Inches, reg. 25c. 25c
11x17 Inches, rejr. 45c. 35c
Larger Fizes reduced In proportion. ,
Shawl Straps from 10c to $1.25
Favorita de Cal. Claret dz qts $3.25
We cannot recommend Al nfc Q?0 4R
enythine better for a ui r la «J»^'*U
light old table wine. Regularly $4 dozen
quarts, J2.50 dozen pints.
Gin, Holland & c fl bot 75c
It. I*. & Co.'s lmjwrted.
Rubber Drinking Cnps f£f- ea 10c
JCew; Just the thing: for picnics and
outings; can put it In your vest pocket.
Hamamelis, qt bt 40c, pt 25c, hf pt 15c
¦Witch Hazel, for poison oak. cores,
bruises, etc.
Garden Peas, "New Era" tin 15c
Reeularly 20e tin. Anj CM 7R
Regularly J2.25 dozen. UU *> (J)i««U
2-lb tins; equal to eny Imported.
Mushrooms, French g* tin 15c
Extra fine cuailty.
Ginger Ale, "Puritas" B& dz $1.20
Root Beer, "Puiitas" ?& dz $1.10
Full of EDarkle and life and of deli-
cious flavor. Sale has enormously In-
creased. We allow 15c on return of a
dozen empties. -• -f-.
CIGARS— "Plantation," Mexican
R^3ar!y^ e^T 7 ttt 25C
EXTR\ THURSDAY "SPECIAL."
No. C. O. D-. telephone or mail orders
¦will be filled for our Thursday specials.
Sapolio, ? o e r 9 25c 5 cakes 25c
The article eve^-body uses. Limit— 5
cakes to each customer.
Broken
Eyeglass
I^enses replaced for 5O cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for 91. OO
and *J.5O.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Pbone, Main l(f
MnJtMtAMtn
0PTiCiAN5^ HnT^APf APPAR * T w.
KH0TUV> 5ciENTIFIC
642 Market St. instruments
u«Dt:a chrgwcxi building. CATALOGUE FREE-
HOTEL**
Visitors to San Francisco who make
their headauartere at these hotels en-
! joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attacnes and unequaled
1 cuisine. American ahd European plans.
¦»GRAND HOTEL**
O f Tome CURES
I MCBURNEY'S
¥ Ifir1n«>v* nd Biaddtr
f iviuncjrcyiiB
A thorough euro lor
pains in the back, *"
- BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
* female troubles, incon-
briclc dnst deposits, bed.
wetting of children, gravel, gall ttoaec,
drops y. diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
No Percentage Drug Co.. 949-951 Marlret
eu; Dahlbender Drue Co.. 214 Kearay *U
Send 25c In 2c stamps to W. F.«McBurney.
41S 8. Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cal., for S
days' treatment. Prepaid II SO. Drugsists.
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cased in old and young-
8 rising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
r.ia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. -— Vericocele or Con-
ftipation. Stops Xe *^ WE rvous Twitching
of Eyelids*. Effects tTC. .J^l. a r e Immediate.
Impart vigor and CE " TS Potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box- 6, for ?2 50 by mall. A written guarantee
? o cure or money refunded with « boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDT Co.,
40 Ellis Ft.. San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO., 3S and 40 Third St. •
jivisiT DR. JORDAN'S great 6
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
, i Q* 1051 ZLZZZ Z ST. bit. 611&7&, C.F.Cil. A
qT^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
i I ~W World. Weaknesses or any contracted Q
=55 disease po»Ul««-ly«-Mr«>d by thr oldest T
g fiS SaTl bpeoalU: on the Coast. Est- 36 years. Q
# fllF^i DR< JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
i 9 <£s£% 8 Consultation free and strictly priri:e. \
a I \»S7R Treatment personally or by letter. KQ
\ » W M n f»*itirt Curt in every aseandentkeu. T
Ami II I? Write for Book. PBIL««OPHlf mt A
f I II 11 BABBMCC, MAILED FREE. (A"
A i* II- ' raIu * ble book fOr n "' I> ) A
V DB. JOBDAX A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
IA/. TV HESS.
K0T1ET PUBLIC AKD ATTORHET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Spreckela Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco.^
E J
MARKET. ST. Sf *****
'DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
and analogous complaints or the
Orsane of Generation.
Price fl a bottle. For sale by drug-gists.
Have you got it?
Got what?
Why your ticket to the
Pan-American Exposi-
tion, via the Michigan
Central Railroad or Lake
Shore and Michigan
Southern Railway.
Direct routes. Fast
time. Superb train ser-
vice. Everything up to
date.
For rates and infor-
mation, call or address
CARLTON G. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent New York
Central Lines, ,,
637 Market Street,
San Francisco, • Cal.
Advertisements.
KM If* )^h|hEi| ¦dSfiB9HR^^Q|9 IBSIv^^B^^^Sand Hobson for the Olympics,
Both in Fast Time.
The San Leandro triangle was yester
day the Mecca of all wheelmen who are
Interested in road racing, the ten-mile
events of the Bay City and Olympic clubs
being the attractions.
The course was in splendid condition,
and fast time, was made. In the Bay
City's events there were eighteen- start
ers, eleven of whom finished. F. G. West,
winner of the club's race two weeks ago,
again made the best time— 25:20— which is
two and a half minutes faster than he
rode In the former race. This goes to
show the improvement in the condition of
the road, and also of the riders, as all the
contestants made better time than In
their previous efforts, notably E. A. Ru
sac, H. D. Bean, Fred Gillmah and Frank
Bollo.,
Following is the table:
presented to .the victors on "ladies*
night," which will be held on' the 24th of
this month.
task, and the lleet then stood over for the
city front, along which it cruised for a
considerable distance. Then a course was
set for Sausalito, where the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club was saluted. After sail
ing toward Belvedere a course was set for
home, which was reached comfortably on
a flood tide and with a fair wind. No
mishap marred the success of the opening
cruise, in which the following yachts took
part: Commodore S. S. Marshall's sloop
Thelma, Vice Commodore H. L. Martin's
yawl Idler, Kendall and Green's sloop
Alert, "White and Schneider's sloop Aloha,
D. M. McCrae's sloop Flirt, Charles E.
Clark's yawl Gypsie, E. Bouquet's sloop
Hope, J. T. Carrier's, sloop Jessie I E,
George E. .Miller's sloop Occident, Allen
M. Clay's sloop Pactolus, -S. and L. I.
Gale's sloop Secret, C. A. Tornberg's sloop
Vega and W. H. Williamson's launch Vic
tor. R. F. Millar's sloop Lapwing and R.
L. Eames' sloop Surf did not sail over to
the city front, but cruised past Goat Isl
and to Angel Island, where they anchored
for luncheon. On the return trip ¦ there
was a strong breeze and between Angel
and Goat islands a rough sea. The Call-
f ornia : fleet : now ; numbers twenty-one
yachts and five launches, nearly all of
which are in commission.
White blackberries and green roses have
been propagated in Louisiana this year.
There are said to be over 400,000 cats in
London, of which half are "unattached."
Los Angeles Coursing.
LOS ANGELES. April H.— Two thou
sand people witnessed the coursing h»r9
to-day. The event waj a 32-dog stake ard*
the final was won by Frank McComb' j
Crawford Lass. Misa Ormonde and Thorn
hill Comet, both from McComb's kennels,
took second and third moneys respec
tively. >- f -¦:.' r ¦¦:
Skeets Martin "Wins.
COLOGNE, April 14.— In" the races here
: to-day the spring handicap was won by
Mr. C. Beth' s chestnut filly Ordonnanz.
with Helcrag second and Ea3ter Mondav
third. The winner was ridden by li.
(Skeets) Martin, the American Jockey
Lester Relff. on Wyvern. was fourth ruid
Johnny Relff on Mamljrino sixth. ¦ Their
riding with the short stirrup made a sen
sation.
Boxing' at West Berkeley.
BERKELEY. April 14.— A series of box
ing contests will be held at the West
Berkeley Athletic Club Tuesday evening.
April 16. The event of the. nieht will be
r ten-round meet between Mike McClure
of San Francisco and Kid Williams of
Los Angeles. There will also be six-round
contests between Kid Hart and Jerry
Fairbanks. Jack McGInnes3 and Dave Gil
more, Cyclone Kelly and'Alonzo Tucker,
Eddie Hanlon and Frank Neat The ref
eree will be Tom. Herman.
Olympic Handball.
Messrs. Gleason and Levy 'established
their right to second prize in the doubles
tournament yesterday by ¦ defeating
Messrs. Powers and Green by a score of
51 tn 27. x The victory was due to the
"splendid playing of Gleason. He' virtually
played Powers and Green alone. His part
ner. Levy, guarded the inner court, -but
had few chances to distinguish himself,
as the -players relied on a back-court
game. :-'
: Powers and" Green had a. handicap of 15
points, but were only able to earn twelve
aces. They did" not' play up to tourna
ment form. . . '
On Saturday next Russ and Kennedy
(scratch) and Gleason and Levy (scratch)
are'scheduled to plav for. first prize. This
game will ; be • close and one • of the j best
dcubles , tournaments held in the , club.
.Eighteen teams, composed of the best
players in the club, competed and the af
fair • has • been in progress for the past
three weeks. .
The trophies won' by the teams will be
BARBERS SPEND JOYFUL
HOURS AT HARBOR VIEW
The picnic given by the Barbers' Union
at Germania Gardens yesterday; was a
decidedly successful affair.
The members of the union labored hard
and earnestly to afford their guests plenty
of fun and sport, and succeeded beyond
expectations.
The races, for which handsome prizes
were offered, were won by the following
named:
Single ladles' race, Nellie Hanson; mar
ried ladles* race, * Mrs. H. ¦ A." Hamilton;
young men's race,' :H. A. Hamilton. .
The best dancers on the floor were de
clared to be Mrs. Birdie Hartman and M.
Marks. They were awarded the handsome
prizes offered for the most skillful and
graceful waltzers. : ,
The affair was under the management
of the following committee of arrange
ments: W. B. Currier, A. Granger,' J. Or
finkel,. George Barges, J: Voisinet, J. J.
Calish, George Barrett and I: Less. . I
Emerald Glee Club Picnic.
The first annual picnic of the Emerald
Glee Club was held at Schuetzen Park
yesterday. A large crowd was In at
tendance. The day was pleasantly spent
In dancing and games. The committees
in charge were as follows:
Arrangements— T. Kerrigan, T. P. CDowl
J. Leonard and P. Lynch. -
Gate— J. Conr4U. W. Murphy. Mr. O'Connor
M. Mclnerney. P. Lynch and P. McMahon.
Floor— R. J. Cllna, John Glennon. H. Col«
isan, G. Ross, John Miller. T. , Mitchell P
Sullivan, A. Rudolphug. E. Hogan, R. Drady*
P. Goldrich and M. Costello.
Games— P. Lynch. T. O'Dowd. T. Kerrigan
Mr. Heeney, E. J. Barry. M. Lacey and
M. J. Leonard.
Reception — Frank S. I>ra<Jy. P. Dunn, John
Roach. Dave Drady, Joe Kelleher and J. Mc-
Cormlck.
The officers of the Emerald Glee Club
are as follows:
F. S. Drady, president; J. Glennon' vlc»
president; J. Miller, recording secretary; T.
P. O'Dowd, financial secretary; T. Kerrigan,
treasurer. BKttj
BRIGHT PROSPECTS
FOR NEW YORK- RACING
Season Will Open . at the Aqueduct
• __ Track Under Eavorable
. * Conditions.
NEW YORK, April 14.— The racing sea
son'in the Metropolitan district will be
gin to-morrow and | will continue until
winter. . The occasion will be the spring
meeting of the Queens - County Jockey
Club at the Aqueduct track, and there
is every pfospect.of a successful season.
Th(f Aqueduct meeting bids fair to have
animals of good class to compete for the
purses, as many will be tried out there
for the: richer fixtures at the big tracks.
The Carter handicap will be : the chief
feature of the day, and a lot of good ones
are engaged, \ many with reports of fast
trials. . - i .
: Rarely has a racing season . opened with
more promise. The stakes will be larger
all the year than in any other season, and
the class of horses which will be there to
try for them will be better than in some
years. Last year there was a dearth of
three-year-olds, but. this season such good
ones as Commando, Bellario, Beau Gal
lant; Water Color, Garry Herman, King
Pepper, Cap and Bells, Blues, Dublin, Cri
terion, ¦¦: Demurrer, Far Rockaway, All
Green . and Bonnibert give good promise.
In the all-aged division are such as Kin
ley Mack, Ildrim,- Star Bright, Voter/Un
masked and a host of others, who will be
ready early. Several fairly good young
sters have been shown at ; Washington
and more will appear before many days,
some -astonishingly fast 'trials bet™«" re
ported from Sheepshead Bay, Morris Park
and Gravesend.
•I ¦ -. . ¦ — • • -
CINCINNATI. April 14.— Cincinnati and
Indianapolis played an exciting ten-Inning
game here' to-day. Bergen's catching was
the feature. Score: Cincinnati— runs, ? 2;
hits, 8: errors, 2.' Indianapolis— runs, 1;
hits. •- 9; errors, 0. • •
Batteries-4SudhonV Creuse and Biers;
Phillips, McFadden, Hahn and Bergen.
"TERRIBLE TEDDY"
/ CROSSED THE BORDER
Terry McGovern, accompanied by his
manager, Sam Harris, and a retinue of
trainers, will arrive in the city this after
noon. He will go to the Palace Imme
diately upon his arrival, but will make the
hotel his headquarters only for a day. On
Tuesday morning be will move his traps
and belongings to the Casino, at which
place he will train for his fight with Oscar
Gardner before the Twentieth Century
Athletic Club on April 30.
McGovern has made a Jump straight
from Denver. His condition Is reported
to be good, and for the next two weeks
he will be hard at work on the park
roads and in the Improvised gymnasium
of the Casino.
STANFORD TEITHTS MEW !
: PI/AY LOCAL CRACKS
The doubles tryout held at Stanford
Saturday .morning .resulted in a victory
for Harry "WIehe and S. H. Adams, as was
expected. Four teams entered— Wiehe
and Adams, R. L. Leib and George Gage,
H. Boyle and 1 Holbrook and F. ' A. Leib
and Baker. Tho first match was between
Gage and Roy Leib and Boyle and Hol
brook and was won handily by the former.
The score was 6—2," 7— 5. The next match
was the match of the day, in which
Wiehe and Adams ¦were pitted • against
Frank A. Leib and Baker. The former
won the first set easily, G-t-2, and with a
lead of 5—2 against them they pulled the
second set up to 4—5, but lost It, 6—4. The
pace began to ' tell on Leib and Baker,
and the ponies won the final set easily,
&— 3. The complete score was 6—2, 4—6,
6-3. . ' . . - •
The final match was between Wiehe and
Adams and Gage and R. Leib. At no stage
of the a|ime were the latter in- the con
test. The score, in favor of Wiehe and
Adams, : was 6-r2, 6—2. These two clever
players will represent their college , in
doubles next Saturday. ¦
In a match Friday at Stanford Grant
Smith of the California Club and William
Roth of Stanford defeated Wiehe and Ad
ams, the Stanford doubles team, three
sets out of four, the. score. being 7—5, 1—6,
6 — 4, 6-r4. . This was a great surprise, -as
Roth and Smith had never played to
gether before. . The pony team was In-poor
form, and will have to put in a lot of
practice next week to get into their best
form. In this match Roth, the other,
Stanford man, -played a very good game,
and will undoubtedly be at his best by
next Saturday. .
The Olympic Wheelmen's race was a
sealed handicai) at ten miles, and the re
sults of the ride were not made public,
as it is so near the time of the relay that
the members of the racing- committee do
not wish 'the other clubs to know just
what the Olympic riders are doing. It
was given out, however, that John Hob
son made the best time, and that he cov
ered the course in something over 25 min
utes. ' :
¦¦ The annual meeting of the California
Cyclists' Association will be held to-mor
row nicht at the Olympic Club at 8
o'clock,-.
The Bay City and Olympic clubs will
both hold ten-mile events next Sunday
and the Sunday after, after which their
respective captains will be ready to choose
the men to constitute their relay teams.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward: selling. <
21*» Zurich •- 109 (JMl)Gusto IK)
I27S Hindoonet US 21SS Alleviate 107
tIRS Donator 109 2133 Flamero 109
2277 Rlnaldo 109 (2287)Alaska 109
2277 Asian 1CS| 2242 Hermoso 112
22S7 Pannenlon ....106.<2274)L,oconomo 107
Second race— One mile and an elgrhth; four
year-olds nnd upward: selling.
2166 Limelight 115 1 21S8 Catastrophe ...115
22S8 Faunette 113 (22S9)MeropB 115
I2S» Flora Bird 114 2222 St. Simonlan... 118
2234 Tom Cal vert... 115' 22S7 March Seven... 109
Third race— Four furlongs; two-year-old fll-
Hn: selling.
rtl89)Muresca 100 22S5 Quadra 100
2034 Louweleea 100 22S5 Torlla 100
iXSt Musique 100 2261 Torso Maid ....100
2285 You Tou 100
Fourth race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; purse.
<2263)Beau Ormonde. 105 2251 Sad Earn 99
2280 Jim Hale 91 2275 Babbler 109
2275 Prejudice 101 rsjl Headwater ....10«
2275 Tayon 106 2121 Grand Sachem. 106
Fifth race — Oce mile; three-year-olds and up
ward: purse.
2270 Dr. Cave 1161 22S1 Star Chamber. .116
;:7S Dar.ir. Ma!d....lll| 22S1 Rosormonde ...US
Sixth rac#— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling-.
2060 La Mascotta,..107 2098 Valenclenne ...107
(226S) Amelia. Fonso.. 107 2291 Moringa 109
2283 Oemond 109 2253 Silver Garter... 109
2231 Un Cadeau ....106 2277 Montallade ....109
2247 Expedient 106 "240 Dolore 107
22SS Jlnrle Jingle ..1071 19S1 Sweet Caporal.107
Probable Winners.
First race— Hermoso, Fl&mero, Hindoo-net.
Second race — Catastrophe, St. Simonlan, Me
rops.
Third race— iluresca, Louweleea, Quadra.
Fourth race— Headwater, Beau Ormonde,
Tayon.
Fifth race — Star Chamber, Dr. Cave, Danger
ous Maid.
Sixth race— Sweet Caporal, Yalencienne, Mon
tallade.
SUMMARY OF OUTSIDE
BASEBALL MATCHES
Two games of ball were played yester
day at the Presidio. Athletic grounds, iri
the League of the Crpss Cadets baseball
league series. In the morning Company
D defeated Company C by a score of 10-5.
The score by innings Is as follows:
Company D..... 0 0 0 0 0 14—5
Base hits 0 0 0 10 15—7
Company C... 0 0 $.2 10 4-10
Base hits 1 2 2 10 0 2—8
In : the afternoon Company G- defeated
Company B by a score of 13-12. The score
by innings is as follows: .
Ccmpany B 2 12 012 1 1 2—13
Base hits 2 2 10 12 0 2 4— 14
Company G 0 '3 10 8 0.1.0-*— 13
Ba?e hits! 0 3 10 6 0 2 0» »-12
OROVIL.LE. Aoril 14.— Oroville was to
day treated to the finest game of baseball
played here in years. This was the first
of a series of games of the Northern Cali
fornia League. Score: Marysvillo. 9; Ore
ville, 8. It was necessary to play thirteen
innings before a conclusion was reached.
Attendance about 500.
WOODLAND, April 14.— The Northerm
League opened here to-day with the Kim
ball and Upson teams of Sacramento and
Woodland. The latter won easily, score
12 to 2. Batteries— Ha nson and Knell,
Woodland; White and Fitt, Sacramento.
Eight hundred people witnessed the game.
VISALIA, April 14.— The baseball game
played to-day resulted: Visalia,«16, Han
ford, 10.
PETAXiUMA, April 14.— The Owl base
ball team was defeated here to-day by th*
Midgets of Santa Rosa bv a score of 10 to
8. , ¦ ' -.-'¦¦
CINCINNATI, April 14.— Cincinnati. 2;
Indianapolis. 1.
SACRAMENTO.
Fully 3000 people v were in attendance. The
score:
Totals 7 39 6 9 0 24 12 6
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO..A.E.
Devereaux, s. e 4 0 2 0 1 3 1
McGucken, c. f 5 1 0 0 2 1 2
Courtney, 2b 5 2.10 4 2 0
Hanlon, lb 6 1 2 0 8 0 3
McLaughlln, 1. f...T. 4 0 0 0 1 0-0
Doyle, r. f 4 110 2 0 0
Sheehan. 3b 4020 1 10
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
Stricklett, p 4 110 13 0
AB. R. BE SB. PO. A. E.
Drenrian, c. f 3 12 0 2 0 1
Francks, s. e 4 2 10 15 1
.Arrellanes. 2b 3 12 0 3 8 0
Streib, lb ....4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Moskiman, p 4 0 1 0 0 4 0
Borchers, r. t 4 0 0 0 10 0
Held, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
'Lehman, c 4.100600
Babbitt, 3b 3 2 0 1 1 0 1
Totals S3 -7 6 1 27 12 3
RUNS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 30001110 0—6
Base hits 2 10 12 12 0 0-9
Oakland 24010000 •— 7
Base hits 2 10 10 0 1 1 •-?
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Stricklett 4, Moskiman
4. Home runs— Hanlon, Francks. Three-base
hit— Arrellanes. Two-base hits— Sheehan, Doyle,
Drennan. Sacrifice hits— McGucken, Drennan.
First base on errors — Sacramento 3, Oakland 6.
First base on balls— Oft Stricklett 1, off Moski
man 1. Left on bases — Sacramento 7, Oakland
4 Struck out— By- Stricklett 2, by Moskiman 4.
Hit by pitcher— Arrellanes. Time of game— 2
hours. Umpire — Donahue. Scorer— Rutherford.
PRESIDIO. LINKS' ARE _..;/ .
CROWDED WITH GOLFERS
Walter Fairbanks, Amateur Cham
pion of Southern California, Plays
a Strong Game.
Yesterday was a busy day on the Pre
sidio golf course, many players being out
and several of them golngr two or threa
times round the links. The most notable
visitor was Walter Fairbanks, the ama
teur champion of Southern California,
who was familiarizing 'himself with the
pitfalls of the course with a view to the
first tournament for tho golf champion
ship of the Pacific Coast. The champion
played a strong game, beating B. D.
Adamson, who was somewhat off his
game at the start, 4 uo ever eighteen
holes. Later B. D. Adamson proved vic
torious over J. H. Mee, 11 up on eighteen
holes. President J. W. B^rno beat tho
best ball of T. BInney and A.-S. J. Ho't.
He also proved victorious over T. Binney,
beating him 3 up on eighteen holes: also
over "W. H. La Bayteaux, whom he de
feated 7 up on eighteen holes: also over
Lv O. Kellogg, 4 up on nine holes. Not
content with all these victories, he also
got the better of H. O. Golcher In a prac
tice match. v
CF. Mulling and Captain D. J. Rum
baugh ended all square on' eighteen holes,
and tied on four additional holes. Charles
Page beat H. Brandt 2 up on eightten
holes; J. Downey Harvey defeated T.
Binney 2 up on eighteen holes; and Worth
ington Ames beat A. C. Bingham 1 up on
thirty-six holes. Mr. Duin beat S. L.
Boardman 6 up on eiehteen holes.
In a foursome played on j the Oakland
links after the ?nt«rclub , match J. Law
son and B. T>. Adamson beat E. R. Folger
and W. P. Johnson 2 up on nine holes. .
CAPTAIN GRIEB
IS THE KING
Red Men's Club Holds Eagle
Shoot at Shell Mound
Park.
Honors Showered on the Skillful •
Marksmen— Scores of the Na
tional Guard Shooting
Events.
The Red Men Schuetzen Company held
Its annual picnic and eagle shoot at Shell
Mound yesterday. About 1500 guests were
present, and enthusiasm ran high as the
last pieces of the wooden eagle were be
ing shot away from the top of the pole.
When Captain Henry Grieb skillfully re
moved the last vestige ot the wood frcra
the Iron staple he was given a royal ova
tion.
The eagle shoot Is the great event of the
year with the schuetzen societies, and the
affaij/ yesterday was conducted in a man
ner most creditable to the Red Men. The
company, forty strong, formed at Turner
Hall, Turk street, and in full uniform
marched to the ferry, accompanied by
the band. There the families and friends
of the marksmen had gathered and pro
ceeded with them to Shell Mound Park.
The other prize winners were as fol
lows: Crown, J. Meichsner; scepter, John
Feldemann; apple. Lieutenant C. Stein;
ring. Captain II. Grieb; head. John Oldag;
neck, Carl Koeberer; right wing, H.
Schult; left wing, J. Minkz; right taloa.
J. A. Mohr; left talon, il. Diecker; tall;
C. Oldag. .
The committee in charge of the arrange
ments was composed of the following
named: D. Tanke, P. Schneider, H.
Schultz and Herman Schult.
The contest between members of the In
dependent Rifles for a prize of $50, begun
a week ago, was concluded yesterday, re
sulting in a victory for the side captained
by Lieutenant E. Moenning, with a total
of 700 for both days. The results for yes
terday's shooting are as follows:
Lieutenant Moennlns's team — E> Wiegel 23,
C. Llndecker 34. C. Kombeck 40. P. J. Stead
man 23, F. H. Schmidt 19, J. Donovan 20. Cor
poral F. Laun 27, W. Stoblng 0, C. Welcker
11. Lieutenant Moenning 4L Lieutenant Han
sen's team— H. Marzhoff 36, Captain F. Huber
32. C. Hering 33. C. F. Schafer 33. Corpora' C.
J. Stande 31. G. Peterson 22, J. M. Meyer 4.
Corporal J. Reilley 0, F. C. Lawler 0. Total.
587.
Independent Rifles' monthly medal shoot— E.
E. Welgel 23. C. Hering 33. P. J. Eieadman
28. Corporal F. Laun 27. C. Welcker 11. H.
Felix 31, H. Staude 42, Lieutenant E. iloon
r.ing 41, Captain O. F. Kuber 32. C. Kornbeck
40. Corporal C. J. Staude 31, J. Donovsn 29,
Corporal J. M. Meyer 4, A. Wolfgram 10. H.
Marzhoff 35. G. Peterson 32. F. H. Schmidt 13.
C. F. Schafer 33. C. Llndecker 34.
Monthly trophy shoot between teams picked
frcm Companies C and G. First Regiment. Na
tional Guard of California, was won by Com
pany G with a score of 410. The scores were
as follows:
Company G— J. F. Norton 42, Sergeant F. J.
Povey 43, Lieutenant P. Neuman 43, Lieutenant
W. S. Gratton 40.- Sergeant S. H. Hatfleld 3*,
H. H. Mitchell 42. Corporal S. H. Stewert 4a.
Sergeant W. W. Thompson 41, Corpoic! A.
Cobby 40. C. B. Harding 41. Total, 410.
Company C— Chris Meyer 43, C. Waltham 45.
Sergeant L. W. Grant 39. Corporal H. J. Mas.
grave 44. Sergeant W. Unfred S3, Sergeant F.
F. Carson 41, Sergeant A. H. Kennedy 39. Cor
poral W. D. Grant 40, R. D. Mclntosc 1 37,
V. F. Northrop 39. Total. 405.
Nationals' monthly medal shoot, 2C0 yards—
C. F. Waltham 45. J. F. Norton 42. V. F.
Northrop 33. C. Heinemann 35, R. Kurplnsky
23. Sergeant F. J. Povey 43. L. Barleau 30.
Sergeant L. W. Grant 33, Corporal H. J. Mus
grave 44. C. W. Miller 39. Corporal W. Gal
braith 32. G. L. Harvey 35, C. Dabney 33, C.
Evans 3S, Sergeant T. McGUvery 40. C. B.
Harding 41. J. F. Cdtok 29. S. Helman '21. G.
Arney 22. Corporal J. Little 23, C A. Johnson
8. H. H. Mitchell 37. H. W. Mitchell 42. W.
E. Johnson 15, Sergeant F. F. Carson 41, Lieu
tenant J. N. Ross 33. W. H. Hlefleld 13, E. D.
Mclntosch 37, Corporal S. H. Stewert «. M.
H. Waterman 31. C. R. Melntoach 32, Sergeant
W. F. Unfred 38, Sergeant A. S. Hatfleld 38.
Corporal B. Hopkins 34. Sergeant C. McDonald
41, Corporal W. D. Grant 44. J. K. Flyna 33,
Corporal W. B. Hund 33. Lieutenant W. S.
Grattan 40. A. Tooker 22. H W. Fawke 38.
Corporal W. J. Cobby 42. Sergeant W. W.
Thompson 40. Corporal F. Kane 41, W. A. Mc-
Qullty 36. C. Meyer 44. Sergeant A. H. Ken
redy 39. Lieutenant P. J. Neumann 43, Captain
G. Petty 33. L. Ewers 23.
Nationals. 300 yards— Lieutenant P. J. Neu
mann 17, J. F. Norton 21, F. J. Povey 19, C.
B. Harding 11. C. Evans 6, W. W. Thompson
20, Corporal J. W. Cobby 20, H. W. Mitchell
14. H. H. Mitchell 7. Sergeant A. S. Hatfleld
14, C. F. Waltham 19. V. F. Northrop 19, Ser
geant H. J. Musgrave • 21. Sergeant L. W.
Grant 13, Sergeant T. McGUvery 20, Sergeant
F. F. Carson 23, Lieutenant J. N. Ross IS.
Corporal W. D. Grant 20. Sergeant W. F. Un
fred 6, C. Meyer 22. B. SouelfWhn 13.
Nationals. 500 yards— J. F. Norton 22. C. B.
Evans 19. F. J. Povey 23. C. B. Harding 15.
Sergeant W. W. Thompson 18. Ctorporal J. W\
Cobby 17, Lieutenant P. J. Neumann 13, Cap
tain G. J. Petty 10, C. Dabney 10. H. H.
Mitchell 9, A. S. Hatfleld 19. C. F. Waltham
22.
The Swiss Rifle Club made Its first appear
ance at Shell Mound yesterday. The prizes
for the regular monthly medal shoot were
won in the following order: 1
A. Studer. P. Grandjeun. A. Monott!, E.
Suter. J. Leeman, F. Baumgartner, Peter
Crose, R. Hauser. J. Bachmann. A. von Wyl.
J. ScheJble, K. Suter, F. Vautier, P. Gianlnnt.
A. Gehret, A. Huguenin, C. Bachmann, E.
Bacala. G. Cavalll.
Monthly medal shoot— Champion class, John
Bachmann .393; first class, G. R. Hauser 374;
second- class, A. Monottl 375; third class. E.
Suter 362.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club monthly bulls
eye shoot— J. Gefken 97, F. C. Rust 226, R.
Stettin 387, L. N. Rltzau 411. A. Meyer 4G6
W. F. Gams 51S. A. Hohman 543. A. Mocker
E95, H. HupDert 698. F. P. Schuster "DO. O.
Lemcke 803. I* Thierbach 920. D. Salfleld 1010.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, handicap
rifle— M. F. Blasse 191, 195; O. A. Bremer 217
214, 206. 213. 217: Dr. Rogers 220. 220. 227; A.'
B. Dorrell 221; A. Gehret 213, 21S: D. W. Mc-
Laughlin 225. 22S. 218. Gold medal — G. Tam
meyer 203. 219, 202; M. J. "White 194 1S3- C
Sheble 1S5. 169.
San Francisco Schuetzen \>reln. monthly
medal shoot— Champion class, F. P. Schuster
449; first class. J. / D. Heise 401: second class.
W. Goetze 386; third class, not -won.; fourth
class, John Beuttler 363; best first shot, O.
Burmelster 24; last best shot, J. Gefken 23.
The standing of the teams is as follows:
\ Played. Won. Pet.
Los Angeles 10 6 .600
Oakland 9 6 .5j»
•San Francisco U 6 .545
Sacramento 10 3 .3uu
"They came full of rejoicing and su
preme gladness sat in their hearts and
victory shone upon them in their first en
counters; then as they were about to leave
the country they met with disaster after
disaster and returned whence they came
full of sadness and gloom."
That is what happened to the Los An
geles nine. They are not Sabbath per
formers. On Thursday. Friday and Sat
urday they know how to win, but when
it comes to a Sunday game, even an um
pire who presents them three runs cannot
pull them, out of the tire. .
San Francisco won the morning^ game,
played yesterday at Oakland, and the aft
ernoon game, played" at Kecreation
grounds. There was enough in the mati
nee to souse the soul ot the fanaticus
maximus with all kinds of baseball rervor.
Jack O'Connell gave a decision that was
altogether bad— very much unlike himself
— ai.d which for a time seemed to maice
Los Angeles the ultimate winner; the
score oscillated lrom one side to another
and the final result was always In chan
cery. These elements added to a big, ulu
lating crowd, sidelight incidents— the play
ing of a hose on a crowded roof overlook
ing the grounds— perfect weather and
gingery play were the Joy producers for
the spectators.
Oscar Jones wound himself up and then
unwound on the Los Angeles slab. The
local team found no difficulty in connect
ing with his curves, but only nine efforts
prcduced safe hits, most of the stick per
formers finding an end in the field pockets
of the Orangemen. Jimmie Whalen was
much better. But for a single inning, the
seventh, when .the Angels played the very
devil with Whalen, his pitching was per
fect. In this lachrymose— to the locals
inning they mustered five hits, one of
which was a home run by Householder.
One other hit was all that was a-coming
to the visitors throughout the game.
Krug and Hildebrand were the stick
wonders of the game. Krug rolled out a
couple of doubles and a single and Hilde
brand's record shows three singles.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Along in the seventh inning the score
read 3 to 1 in favor of the Wasps. Whalen
had been pitching remarkably steady
baseball. Then Swindells and Bowman
found themselves on the. sacks by good
hitting, but Bowman was very gay at
second and was put out on a sneak by
Hildebrand and a throw by Whalen.
Jones went out. Then came the decision
that made things blue for the crowd.
Brockhoff hit a little to the right side of
first base, but O'Connell said it was fair,
and after that the hitting and the scoring
began. When the Inning ended four
Angels had gone the route and the score
was Los Angeles 5, San Francisco 3.
But the joy for the Orangemen was
short. In the next Inning the locals un
loaded on Jones and made the score what
it was till the end, which in detail is as
follows :
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand. cf 5 13 13 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 3 1 0 0 6 6 0
Krug, ss 5 13 0 3 4 2
Holland. If 3 110 2 0 0
Pabst, lb 4 1119 0 2
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Nordyke, rf 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
J. Reilly, 2b 4 10 0 12 0
Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 33 6 9 2 27 13 4
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 2b 4 12 13 2 2
Hutchlnson, lb 5 1 1 1 12 0 1
Householder, cf 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
Spies, c 3 10 0 13 1
C Reilly, 3b 3 0 0 112 0
Kelly, as 2 0 0 0 2 5 1
Swindells,, rf 4 110 2 0 0
Bowman, If 4 0 10 4 2 0
Jones, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 33 5 6 3 27 16 S
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 1 0 0 0 2 0 0 3- 0—6
Base hits 2 0 10 10 14 0—9
Los Anpeles 0 0 0 10 0 4 0 0—5
Base hits 0 0 0 0 10 6 0 0—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Jones 4, Whalen 4.
Home run— Householder. Two-base hits— Krug
2, Bowman, Holland. First base- on errors —
San Francisco 4, Los Angeles 2. First base
on called balls — San Francisco 3. Los Aneeles
4. Left on ba»es — San Francisco 6, Los Ange
les 5. Struck out— By Jones 1, by Whalen 2.
Hit by Ditcher — Holland. Double plays—Bow
man to Brockhoff; Kelly to Hutchinson; Krug
to Schwartz to Pabst. Passed ball — Spies.
Time of same — 1:40. Umpire — O'Connell. Offi
cial scorer — McFarlin.
MORNING GAME.
San Francisco 4, Los Angeles 2.
The Oakland patrons of the game turned
out in force yesterday morning, and they
were well pleased with the game played
between San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Los Angeles made the errors and that -was
what lost the game.
Not until the eighth inning did the
Wasps send a man over the plate. Then
Hale, who, pitched an exceedingly fine
game, was found- for a couple of hits,
whlVh, combined with many Angelic er
rors^ gave San Francisco a victory. A
.couple of errors by Kelly, a halfdose by
Hale and Brockhoff and hits by Holland
and Schwartz were responsible for the
runs made by Nordyke, Fltzpatrick,
Schwartz and Krug.
In this same inning Fitzpatrick was
solved, a base on balls, a two-bagger by
Kelly and a three-bagger by Householder
giving the Angels their only runs. The
score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
HUdebrand, cf 4 00 0 3 1 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 110 2 0 0
Krus, be 4 10 114 0
Holland. If 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Pabet. lb 4 .0,00 81 1
Graham, c 8 0 119 10
J. Reilly, 3b 4 0 1 0 1 3 0
Xordyke, rf 4 10 1 0 0 0
Fitipatrick, p 4 10 0 1 2 0
Totals ......S5^ 4 4 3 27 12 1
LOS ANGELES. \
: AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E»
Brockhoff. 2b 4 0 2 0 4 3 1
Hutchinson. lb :2 . 1 . 0!_0 11 0 0
Householder, cf 4 1 2 0 0 0 0
Spies, c S ,0 »¦ 0 1 0 0
C. Reilly, Sb 4 0 0 0 1 3 1
Kelly. 68 4 0 3 2 2 4 8
Swindells, rf 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Bowman, If.... S 0 0 0 4 0 0
Hale, p 4 0 0 0 111
Totals .31 2 6*2 27 11 ~6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco.} 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 0—4
Base hits 0 0 0 0 10 12 0-4
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0—2
Base hits 0 10 0 0 112 1—6
SUMMARY.
Runs re?oonslble for — FHzpatrick 2. Three
base hit— Householder. Two-base hits— Holland,
Householder. Kelly. Sacrifice hit— Bowman.
First base on errors— San Francisco 3. Los An
geles L First base on called balls— San Fran
cisco 1. Los Angeles 6. Left on bases — San
Francisco 5, Los Angeles 8. Struck out— By
Fltzpatrick 6. by Hale I. Passed ball—Gra
ham. Wild pitches— Fitzpatriek 2. Time of
game— 1:40. UmDlre— J. O'Connell. Official
1 scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
OAKLAND WINS.
Stricklett Was Strong in the Box bur
His Support Was Weak.
SACRAMENTO, ADril 14.— Oakland won
the third game of the v week's series to
day, makine six runs in the first two in
nings, aid^ed by errors of. the local fielder.*.
Stricklett's work in ihe box would, have
-won had he been accorded any support.
Interesting Baseball Game in the
Afternoon Draws a Big Crowd of
Noise-Makers to Recre
ation Grounds.
San Francisco Wins Both
Sunday Games From
Los Angeles. (
ANGELS SUCCUMB
TO LOCAL WASPS
Roman Athlete, undoubtedly the glad'
at&r of the Pasha kennel, won the 10S
dog open stake at Union Park yesterday,
beating Frank McComb's Bona Fide for
the last flag: of an event that furnished
g-ood sport for a lars,-e crowd of enthusi
asts.
Beyond being a bit lucky In the semi
final where Wedgewood was his opponent,
the young hound wa.s deservedly tne vic
tor in his trials, sitrons and clever he
made short work of his opponents, despite
the Tact that the talent forced him en the
small figure in the betting: on three occa
sions. Scottish Chief was unable to score
agu!»st the Athlete and Mamie Pleasant,
a S to 3 favorite, lost- Dy a point. King
Cotton failed to get a mark on the clever
performer, nor could I'lne Fire, whosj
chances to win were figured at 2-1, do any
better in the next go.
Wedgewood, in making- a heavy drive
got off the game. The Athlete got pos
session and oy clever work kept Wedge
wood from further figurng as a factor.
Three to one were the odds against the
winner.
Luxor, the stake favorite, was put out
in his first course. Ireland, on the short
end at 5 to 1 was one ol the best ahots of
the Oay. The Emerald Isle courser led
Curtis' flyer a length for the turn, plac
ing Mm for a point. Ireland got posse.-.
tiion and followed it out for a clever kill.
Homer Boy reached the semi-ttnal by
good solid work. Thl3 young hound Is an
energetic traveler and before long will
muice the best of them run a bit to keep
within distance.
Bona Fide ran well out wont against a
strong one in the stake winner.
The puppy stake was won bv D. J.
Healey's iZiista. with T. Barre's Amadee 1
as runner up. In the final Amadee led
three quarters of the distance up the field,
but Elista let out, got the turn by two
lengths and won out bv B clear score. Her
performance in thia event places her on
thp list of coming coursers.
The short ends were: Miss Wilson belt
Santonin 6 to 1; Ireland bea.t Luxor 5 to
1; black Head beat Agamemnon. Royal
Union beat Brutus at 3 to 1; War Ea^le
beat Sir Pasha 2 to 1 .and Laurene* at
S to 3; Flying Fox beat Rural Artist at 5
to 2 and was beaten *oy Fir?e Fire at 3 to 5.
For Glory beat Harlean Gladys at 5 to 3
-and was beaten at samo odrls by Homer
Boy; Bona Fide beat Ireland at 5 to 3.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's, official scores, follow:
Open stake, second round — Curtis & Sons*
K!n^ Coltcn beat Pasha Kennels' Risky At
tempt. 3-0; Pasha Kennels' Uelle Kocket beat
\Y. C. Gleason's lone. 6-1; Connell Bros.' Mamie
Pleasant beat Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel,
6-0; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat J.
HoISmi'b Scottish Chief. 3-2; Curtis & Sons'
Flying Kox beat Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas. 18-12;
Pasha Kennels'. Rural Artist beat J. P. Thrift's
Tyrone Prince. i-U; C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud beat Aene!d Kennels' Athena. 5-0;
Aeneid Kenels' Fine Fire beat P. Jackson's
Goidcn Russet. 1-2; YoseTnite Kennels' Hose
beat F. A. McComb's Motto. 4-3; F. Jones'
V, edfewood boat J. Cane's Greenhall, 5-0; D.
J. Healey's Tapioca beat Curtis & Sons'
Psyche, 6-0; D. J. Healey's Narcissus beat P.
U^yle'e Liberator. 4-2; H. A. Deckelman's Law
rence beat J. Dowllng'g Sir Lawrence. 4-0;
<~urtis & Sons' War Kasle beat P. StelnhofTs
Veto, 6-0; Star Kennels' Black Head beat
Aentid Kennels' Aframemnon, 8-5; F. A Mc-
Oomb's Sir Pasha beat J. J. Keenan's Lundln
Links. S-0; F. A. McComb's Bona Fide beat
Georpe Sharman'3 St. Ives. 4-0; P. J. Rellly's
Koyal Union beat Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus,
i 7-3; Connell Bros.' Lcff Boy beat Lande &
Gerber's Ricnzl. 4-0; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson
l*«t Chiarinl IJroE.' Santonin, 4-0; Sterl &
Ivnowles' For Glory beat G. Walters' The
''hie?. 5-0; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat
Pasha Kennels Rollicking Airs, 5-0; E. Geary's
America beat Curtis & Sons' Kibosh, 5-0; O.
Zahl'R Homer Boy beat P. Doyle's Thelma,
5-1: J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste beat Curtis &
Sons' Cave.lt«r. 3-1; Curtis & Sons' Charta beat
Star Kennels' Master Lawrence, 5-0; E. Geary's
Ireland beat Curtis & Sons' Luxor, 4-L
Third round— King Cotton beat Belle Rocket,
$-1; Roman Athlete beat Mamie Pleasant. 4-3;
Flying Fcx beat Rural Artist 3-0; Fine Fire
beat SIH-er Cloud, 3-0; 'Wedffewood beat Mose,
4-0: JCerclssus beat Tapioca. 5-0; War Eagle
beat Lawrence. 6-4; Sir Pasha beat Black
Head. 5-0: Bona Fide beat Royal Union, 6-2;
Log Eoy beat Miss Wilson, 3-2; For Glory beat
Harlean Gladfs. 3-1; Homer Boy beat America,
5-4; Hot Haste beat Charta, 6-2; Ireland, a
bye.
Fourth round— Roman Athlete beat King Cot
ton, 4-0; Fine Fire beat Flying Fox, 3-0;
Wefigewood beat Narcissus. 5-1; War Eagle
beat Sir Pasha. 4-1; Bona Fide beat ;Los Boy.
4-0; Homer Boy beat For Glory, 3-0; Ireland
beat Hot Haste, 4-0.
Fifth round— Roman Athlete beat Fine Fire,
5-0: Wedgewood beat War Eagle. 5-2; Bona
Fide beat Ireland, 3-2; Homer Boy, a bye.
Sixth round — Roman Athlete beat Wedgre
¦weod. 5-2; Bona Fide beat Homer Boy. 6-0.
DecHing course— Roman Athlete beat Bona
Fide, 10-3.
Pupry stake, second round — J. D. Cardinell's
TTnion Jack beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer,
12-4: T. Barre's Amadee beat F. Murnane's
Bonus. 4-0: E>. J. Healey's Elista, beat M. B.
Kavanaug-h's May Be KindL 4-0; Curtis &
Sons' Have a Dash beat V. Doyle's White
Ribbon, S-l.
Third round— Amad>« beat Union Jack, 8-3;
Elista beat Have a Dash. 6-2.
Deciding course — Elista beat Amadee, 5-0.
In the Puppy Class Elista, D. J.
Healey's Clever Greyhound, Takes
First Honors From T.
Barre's Amadce. •
Pasha Kennel's Past Dog
Wins the Big Event at
Union Park.
ROMAN ATHLETE
WINS OPEN STAKE
Olympic and Empire Gun
Clubs Hold Big Events
for Many Prizes.
Big Attendance at Ingltside and Ala
meda Grounds and Good Scores
Made by the Devotees
of the Sport.
The Olympic Gun Club's Initial live, bird
shoot for tne season was (held yesterday
afternoon at the Ingleside traps. The
weather was ideal lor tne tport and the
attendance ootn at the live b»rd traps and
at blue tock was by far tne largeot tnid
year. At bom piaces excellent scores
weie the rule, liie Olympic Ciub shoot
was for ineuals, wnicn will be awarded
at the enu 01 the season to those who
make the highest general average. Tne
ban Francisco iiun uiub resorted to tne
biue rocn traps. Klevesaflt succeeded in
grassiii},' fort> -eight birds out of a possi
oie iiiiy, ana mere wer« ai least lour
fccore-i over iorty-nve, winch is exceptioiir
ally good snooting. Tne . grand stand
us the live turd shoot was not cayabie ot
containing ail the visitors. Tne scores
tor tne Olympic Club's shoot were:
FIFTEEX-BIRD RACE.
M. O. Feudnei. 30 yas.1 2222222221220 2—14
•-alade" 1 12lllll2O*o01 1—11
Douahoe 2 2 0221120121 12 2—13
jfcicliahon 0 2 00 Z 0 2 1 2 0 0 2 1 2 «— 1
Kesenuers 2102222 1 2 2 2 i withdr
White 1 1*2 11 11? 2U 112 3-13
C. A. Halght.. Z 12 2 2 2 2 1222 2 0 2 2— 11
A. M. Shiejiis ? 11 2 12 12 12 1 2020— K
H. iiosmer .122 1102 110 1 1112—13
Dr. Derby 12 1 2 1 2 1 12 2 * * 1 1 1-U
J. J. \virtner 0 0 2 0 0 2 1 2 1 0 1 1 U 0 1— 8
tT. W. King 1 112 2 121110 2 12-— 13
VV J. CrOiciier 2 2 2 1 U i O 2 • 1 £ 2 2 1 1— 12
A. li. Wlci 1 0011012111 12 -1— 11
X. H. Neustadter 12 12 1*112 2 12 112-11
J. J. riweeaey 2 22112112021*1 2—13
ri. Juatlns 2 • 1 2 2 1 2 2 2 0 2 32 1 1— li
SIX-BIRD POOLS:
W. J. Golcher 112*1 1—5
A. S. Andrea 2 10 2*0-3
C A. Haight 2 1 1 2 2 l-«
W. H. Neustadter :. 2 2 2 2 2 2—*
E. Donanoe » 0 • 1 2 •— 2
H. B. Hosmer * 0 1 1 1 1—4
F. ieuuner 1112 1 1—6
C. A. Klevesahl 2 12 0 wlthd
Wiel 110 10 1—4
H. B. Hosmer 2 0 12 1 2—5
W. J. uoicher * withdrawn
E. Donahoe 2 12 2 1 2—6
A. L. Wiel 10 12 12-5
K. A. Klevesahl 112 11 1—6
*•. Keudr.er ¦. 113 2 2 0—5
C. A. Halght 2 2 2*2 2—5
W. Neubtaiiter 11111 1—6
A. M. Shields 2 11111—6
G. S. Andres 1112 2 2— ti
G. S. Andres 10 0 12 0—3
A. M. Shields 2 • 0 wlthdrn
b\ Feudner 2 0 withdrawn
E. A. Klevesahl' .11 111 1—6
W. II. Neustadter 12 2 0 1 1—5
H. B. Hosmer.. 0 1111 2—5
C A. Ka.gtlt 12 2 2 2 1—8
A. L. Wiel U 2 0 2 0 1—3
?Bird died out of bounds.
The scores which were made by the San
Francisco Gun Club at the blue rock traps
were as follows:
W. K. Muraock 17. back score 20; A. T.
Derby 18, back score 22; O. Feudner IS, back
score 22; C. A. Halght 23, back score IS; R.
C. Rosenberg 21, back score 19; F. W. King
19, back score ISj W. J. Golcher 25, bacK
score 21; A. L. Wiel 18, back score 15; G. G.
Heald 13; J. Brun3 22, back score 25; J. Karney,
back score 13; H. Justin 22, back score l!>;
J. J. Sweeney 22, back score 21; W. H. Neu
stadter 23, back score - 23; Wilson 23, back
score 24; E. A. Klevesahl 24, back score 24;
E. L. Forster 21; E. A. Wands 13, back score
15; F. Feudner 24; A. M. Shields 19 and S. a
Heald 17.
Practice twenty-flve-bird pool— White 18,
Slade 24. Second pool— King 21, Wiel 15, "Wlrt
ner 12, Slade withdrew, Derby 21, Feudner and
Klevesahl— the latter taking the former's place
—14. Third pool— Derby 20. Wiel 16, King 19.
Ten-blr^ pool — Feudner », Forster 8, F. li'eud
ner 10 and Klevesahl 10. Second pool — Wilson
10, Karney 8, Wands 7.
Twenty-five-bird pool— Sweeney 23, Wilson 23,
King 20, Karney 23, Wands 12. Second pool-
Sweeney 2L Wilson 21, King 20, Wands 14,
Brans 22 and Golcher 23. Third pool — Sweeney
23. Wilson 20, King 23 and Bruns 25.
•
Empire Club Shoot.
Many thousand blue rocks were used at
Alameda Point to-day during the Empire
Gun Club shoot. Debenham made
straight scores in the club championship
Diamond Medal race and Webb was high
for the month in the Yellowstone cham
pionship trophy. Hauer made the best
score in the Schumacher handicap trophy.
A large l crowd of members and friends at
tended the second monthly shoot. The
day was a perfect one, and excellent
scores resulted. In the different events
the- complete scores follow:
Club championship medal race, 23 birds shot
at— Debenham 25, Webb 22, La Motte 21, Ire
land 20, Fish 19, Allen 18, Cullen IS, Swales
18. Wood 11, Reed 18, Hauer 17, Lambert 16,
Searles 16, Gregg 16,. Dr. Gere 15, Balrd 13,
Juster 13, Newton 11.
The above classified for the money
match and the result of the different
classes follow:
First class, 25 birds— ' •' Tds. rise. Broke.
La Motte 20 16
Webb 22 21
Debenham 20 19
Ireland 16 21
Howlet 20 li
"Webb and Ireland being tied in the first
class shot off for first money, 56 50. Scora
7 to 8, Ireland winning.
, Second class — Yds. rise. Broke.
Hauer 20 - 2J
Allen / IS 13
Cullen 18 17
Fish 13 12
Reed 16 15
Swales - %.... 16 23
Swales being high in this case, took
54 50. • .
'Third class— ¦ Td3. rise. Broke.
Searles 13 13
Lambert 16 22
Dr. Gera 16 19
Greg? 16 16
Roman 13 21
Lambert being high In this class, took $3.
- Fourth class — Yds. rlse. v Broke.
Juster *. IS 17
Balrd 16 16
•Wood 16 12
Juster being high In this class won
fourth money, 51 60.
' The scores In the State championship,
Yellowstone trophy, follow:
23 birds shot at— "Webb 24, Howlet 22, De
benham 21, Hauer 19, Pish 17.
Schumacher trophy, 20 birds, distance
handicap, shot' in 10 singles, 5 pair dou
bles: •
Yds. rise. Broke.
Hauer 20 is
Debenham 20 \\
Howlet 18 15
Fish .. 18 15
Lambert ..".. — 16 15
Cullen 18 ¦ 14
Allen : 18 14
Ireland 13 14
Searles .. — 13 13
Swales 18 r ;" J2
Dr. Gere 16 9
Hauer was high In this event for the
month with 18 breaks.
Score3 in the pol events follow:
10 birds-^-Webb 10, Hauer 7, Juster 9 Cullen
8, Allen 7. "Swales 6, Searles 8, Debenham 5
La Motte 7, Reed 8, Ireland 7, Olsen 6 Juster
8, Fish 6, Hodap 9, Baird 6. '
Second pool. 10 birds— Fish 10, . Lambert <
"Webb 10, Wood 2, Hodap . 3, Robertson 9*
Balrd 9, Eaton . 6, Juster 6, Jeffreys 6 Syl
bugrer 2. Roman 8, La Motte 10.* Swales 'l0.
25-BIrd pool— Roman 19, Jeffreys 12, Mat
thews 6, Howlet 20, Eaton 12, Balrd 14.
Pool shoot, -5 pair doubles over the Magau
trap— Searles 9. Allen 8. Walker 5. Swales 8
Webb 10. Dr. Gere 6, Xevton 8 Wood 7
Olsen 4, Jeffreys 8, Cullen 8, Ireland 8 De
benham 3, Juster 5, La Motte 9, Eaton 5,
Reed. 6, Robertson 9, L. Balrd 5, Lambert 6.
Second race, pool shoot. 5 pair doubles— La
Motte 9, Robertson 9, ' Jeffreys 7 Eaton 7
Webb 8. Howlet 8. Walker 7. Newton • 10.
TRAP SHOOTERS
OUT IN FORCE
SPORTS : YACHTING, BASEBALL, SHOOTING, COURSING
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALLV MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1901.
Opening Cruise of the '; Pleasure Craft of San Antonio
Estuary Is Highly Successful, the Amateur Sailors
Meeting With Fair. Weather and Favorable Breezes
CALIFORNIA YACHTSMEN SAIL
TO CITY FROM OAKLAND CREEK
p»T|^iHE opening cruise of the yachting
I season of 1901 was made yesterday
I by the California Yacht Club. Col
11. ors were made at 8 a. m., and at
10:45 a gun from Commodore S. S.
Marshall's flagship Thelma gave the sig
nal to start down the creek. "With a fair
wind and an ebb tide this was an easy
FLAGSHIP /t>F THE CALIFORNIA
YACHT CLUB AND COMMODORE
OF THE FLEET.
WHEELMEN RACE
ON" THE TRIANGLE
west Again Wins for the Bay Citys
6
At
Tin.
NAME.
Handi- Net
cap. Time.
4:00 27:16
4:00 27:50
4:00 ' 27:55
2:30 26:55
' 1:30 23:55 1-5
3:00 27:30 1-5
2:30 27:05
1:30 26:07
Scratch 25:20
Scratch 25:20 1-5
Scratch 25:20 2-5
1 L. A. Hewlett
2 T. Hennebery
3 E. Hansres....
4 P. P. Marlsch...:
6 F. Glllman
6 G. H. Williams
7 P. Bollo
5 V. Bollo
9 F. G. West
10 E. A. Rusac
It H; D. Bean
At
Tin.
NAME.
Handi- Net
cap. Time.
4:00 27:16
4:00 27:50
4:00 ' 27:55
2:30 26:55
' 1:30 23:55 1-5
3:00 27:30 1-5
2:30 27:05
1:30 26:07
Scratch 25:20
Scratch 25:20 1-5
Scratch 25:20 2-5
1 L. A. Hewlett
2 T. Hennebery
3 E. Hansres....
4 P. P. Marlsch...:
6 F. Glllman
6 G. H. Williams
7 P. Bollo
5 V. Bollo
9 F. G. West
10 E. A. Rusac
It H; D. BeanUnless you ' let people - know •¦ you are
overboard you can't expect to be rescued.
X.. R. Clark of tho Western Metal Work
ers' baseball team, while sliding for first
base at the Eighth, and Harrison streets
grounds yesterday/broke his right arm
between the e!bow s and ; the wrist. ." v
Ballplayer Breaks His Ann.
OAKLAND, April 14.— The Oakland Sta
blemen's-Union was formed to-night at
Labor Headquarters, under the auspices
of C. D. Rogers, State president of tho
American Federation ' of Labor. Forty
five ' members signed- the roll, - and ¦ tha
folio-wing- officers were elected:- President-,
Alfred Stevenson ; : secretary, Albert : . M.
Livingston; treasurer, Frank McGuerkin.
Stablemen Organize.
, It was generally ; understood . that the
marriage had been postponed and that the
Marquis would go abroad. The statement
of the Sunday Special Is not confirmed In
any quarter.
¦¦ ' * "'- '. '¦' •" ¦ ¦' ' ' ¦ -¦ "¦':'''.¦:
LONDON/; April.; 15.—^Considerable sur
prise has been caused here by the state
ment I of the Sunday ¦ Special yesterday
that • the Marquis | of | Headford was | pri
vately married during the present month
to Miss Rosa Boole or the Gaiety Theater.?
and that. they. are now staying at Folk-'
stone. -v.-'!,;,-. -vv'-.' ;•• '-'. .- .;
MAKQUIS SAID TO HAVE
MARRIED A GAIETY GULL
Statement of -the Sunday Special Is
.. Not Confirmed. in Any
'-''.C: ¦.-. .'?..'¦'.. J- Quarter. '^~ ¦¦'
MONTEREY, April 14.-The Japanese
Whaling Company of Point Lobos, about
eleven miles from, this place, is setting- up
the skeleton of 'an enormous -whale 00
a promontory ! overlooking the sea at
Point Lobos. The curiosity, when coni
pleted. will be the most conspicuous ob
ject in the entire landscape. The skele
ton is ninety feet long, and belonged to a
finback whale captured near Point Lobos
last winter.
Setting Up a Whale's Skeleton.
P McKlnnon 21 12 21 21
D. McDonald ....14 21 13 13
j C Nealon and M- J. KilraIIon..21 14 21 21
W. Maguire and E. Curley 17 21 15 15
J C. Kealon and E. Curley ....21 21
M. J. Kllgallon and W.Magulre 12 ; 18
M M Oothrle and T. Leach. ..21 21 13 II 21
wl Walsh and iL McClure 16 11 21 21 19
J Feeney and M. Dillon ; 21 13 21 Si
C. Lakin and M. -McCleve 17 21 19 13
W P Etapff and Dan Regan...... .21. 18 21 21
W. H. Sieberst and Ed White 12 21 IS 20
F. Smith and G. Green 21 21 IS 12 21
W. Johnson and J. McBrearty..l7 15 21 21 10
E Maloney and G. Hutchinson 21 21 21
P.' Kelly and W. KeUy 12 9 20
M. Klrby and P. Talo 21 17 21 19 21
J. Foley and E. Barry 10 21 15 21 IS
W. Williams and D. Connelly 21 21 20 21
M. Joyce and D. Regan :..U 19 21 17
At the San Francisco handban courts
the following games were played yester
day:
G McDonald and P. Mclntyre....2l 1S^ 21 21
M. McLeod and M. McNeil 13 .21 15 11
Handball Games.
Narrowly Escapes Asphyxiation.
David Atkinson, a laundryman at the
Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, at 426 Baker;
street, had a. narrow escape from asphyx
iation Saturday morning. He secured a
room in the Leland House, and In turning
off the gas left the cock half open. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and
restored to consciousness.
Dr. Novy, who attends Hare, wears a
germ-proof rubber garment that covers
him from head to foot, with two little eye
holes for sight, whenever he goes Into
the contagious ward, and he also Injects
preventive doses of serum Into himself.
Dr. Vaughn told the board that Hare
contracted the disease by an accident al
most -identical with that which occurred
In Viena in 1S9S. At that time Professor
Nothajele and his assistant. Barlsh. were
conducting bacteriological experiments on
bubonic plague bacilli. Barlsch caught
the disease and died, as did also Dr. Muel
ler, who attended him. , "
' ANN ARBOR. April 14.— Dr. Victor C.
Vaughn, dean of the medical department,
and one of the most noted bacteriologists
in the country, appeared before the State
Board of Health yesterday and practical
ly acknowledged that the case of Student
Charles B. Hare was one of bubonic
plague. He assured the board that there
would be no spread of the disease, as all
precautions had been taken to prevent It,
and the student would recover.
Dean of Ann Arbor Medical Depart
ment Reports on Student
Hare's Case.
ADMITS THE DISEASE
IS BUBONIC PLAGUE
Rev. Henry "Woods Delivers an Ad
dress in Academy of Sciences
Hall.
Rev. Henry Woods of St. Ignatius Col
lege spoke In Academy of Sciences Hall
last evening on "The Rights and Duties
of Labor According to the ¦ Catholic
Church."
He said the laboring man has a right to
live, to lead a human and a Christian Ufa
and to lead a Godfearing life. Under
present conditions, he said, all a- laboring
man has time to think of is how. to keep
himself alive, and that many of them do
more than this, he declared, was not due
to their surroundings or the conditions
of their. labor. There should be more In
life, for the laboring man than merely ex
isting, he said, and he had a right to all
the uplifting and refining Influences that
are open to the best.
He believed it was the duty of laboring
men to preserve their own dignity and
the dimity of their labor, and so to live
that they would be worthy the reward of
the rig-hteous. ¦ • , ¦
BIGHTS/ AND DUTIES -
OF THE LABORING MAW
ACTORS ARBESTED FOR
i VIOLATING SUNDAY LAW
NEW YORK, April 14.— Dan' I>aly. De
Wolf Hopper and William A. Brady were
arrested in this city to-night, charged
with violation of the penal code Jn con
nection with giving: theatrical perform
ances on Sunday. The men are accused
of having: produced a burlesque on "Uncle
Tom's Cabin." at a vaudeville perform
ance at the Academy of Music. De Wolf
Hopper having played the imitation of
Uncle Tom. All three were released on
ball.
Louis Bohm, the 17-year-old boy who
fired a shot at his mother some months
ago and whose actions at that time led
the doctors to think he was demented, was
taken to the Kecelvlngr Hospital yester
day. He was found in a vacant lot In
the rear of 76 Third street, groaning as if
in pain and stated that he had taken pol-
B«i. Drs. Murphy and Thrasher applied
the usual treatment, but could find no
trace of poison. He was held for observ
ation.
Queer Actions of Houia Bohxn.
held in Mechanics' Pavilion on Friday
evening. May 17. The committee arrang
ing for the event met Friday evening and
appointed the following sub-committees:
Invitation— Rev. Philip O'Ryan. W. E.
Dorn. Colonel E. J. Power. Lieutenant
Colonel D. J. McGloin. P. J. Lawler and
Dr. Joseph G. Morrissey.
Programme— Rev. Philip O'Ryan. Lieu
tenant Colonel D. J. McGloin, Major J. E.
Power. Major J. P. Duffy and T. P.
O'Brien.
Press — E. J. Coffey, W. J. Hamilton,
Captain J. T. Donahue and Lieutenant
George F. Welch.
Hall— W. E. Dorn.
Printing— P. J. Lawler, W. E. Dorn,
Thomas H. Fallon and E. J. Coffey.
Decorations — Dr. JT. G. Morrissey, Wil
liam P. Maher and Charles Dowling.
Reviewing stand— W. E. Dorn and T. P.
O'Brien.
Ushers— W. J. Hamilton, Thomas H.
Fallon and T. P. O'Brien.
Advertising— P. J. Lawler. Charles G.
Wllley. Major J. P. Duffy and Captain J.
T. Donahue.
COMMITTEES AEE NAMED
FOB THE ANNUAL DRILL
League of the Cross Cadets Preparing
to Make Their Usual Excellent
Showing.
The annual competitive drill and concert
of the League of the Cross Cadets will be
Among the Increases were Union Pacific
iv. Northern; Pacific 156. Louisville an.;
Nashville. VA. Southern Pacific 1^, Atchi-
Bon %\ Missouri, • Kansas and Texas %,'
Reading seconds .%; and most of the
others tram'M to Vz- Money was ; easy.
Call loans., 2% to 3; fixtures, 3»4; three
month bills. 1 3%. - *
Consols were steady and "finished one
sixteenth better in spite of the general ex
pectation that the Government will short
ly announce its intention to raise £50,000.
000 by a new issue. Foreigners were most
ly higher, owing to the strength of the
Paris Boerse. which was favorably affect
ed by the rumored copper deal. .
.Americans were the active feature of
the market -.. throughout the •week,
although the changes were not so grea i
as might have been expected from tha
way prices fluctuated. On Tuesday they
opened from 2 to 6 points lower, but r>
covered under moderate buying. The set
tlement showed that there is much float-
Ing stock left in this market. Northern
Pacific and Chicago. Milwaukee and R<:.
Paul have been especially scarce for de
livery since the settlement. A general
improvement , once established, the mar
ket closed firm. -
LONDON, April 14.— Activity . on the
Stock Exchange last week was practica'
ly,confined to the American department
an j the mining stocks. There is a general
Impression that it would b» advisable to
a,wait the forthcoming budget statement
before entering upon fresh transactions.
The markets on the whole keep firm in
spite of the limited dealings and of tho
settlement which has passed off without
any trouble. The close of the week show
ed a fairly good tendency in all depart
ments. ;. ' - -' 1 ¦ ¦>.
London Awaits Budget.
The Berlin Tagreblatt believes that "the
New York movement has entered a crit
ical phase." On the other hand, the Na
tional Zeltung. which takes a different
view, says: "It would be a grave errjj?
tj overlook the fact -that a magniflce- 1
impulse Is throbbing in American . busi
ness life. A crisis cannot soon be ex
pected."
Speculators, however, are ' becoming
skeptical, and Berlin sold 'Americans all
the week, particularly Northern I Pacific.
There Is some apprehension regarding the
American situation. ¦ The German mar
kets were unfavorably affected by var'
ous factors. . ¦
The Frankfurter Zeitung also returns t.i
the subject, sugge-ting that New York's
money rate foreshadows a culmination of
the boom^ and adding: "There has been
an excess of. speculation in -New York,
which sooner, or. later must find its cor
rective in a 'corresponding setback."
. "American speculators," says the Vos
sische Zeltung, . "are nossessed with a
degree of overcqnfldence, which is a dan
ger for " all the world. 'Nevertheless,
nv.ny signs indicate that the day of col
lapse is near."
: BERLIN. April 14.— The American situ
tlon engaged extraordinary : attention o-i
the Boefse last week, which began with
a sharp fall, responding t-> New York.
Nor was this recovered. The financial re
views to-day devote much space to condi
tions In Wall street, the opinions ex
pressed being somewhat divergent.
Berlin Financial Reviews
Anxious Regarding New
York Movement.
FORETELL FULL
OF AMERICANS
- When ' her parents were seen to-nlcht
they refused to discuss the matter, or to
say whether they knew of. her where
abouts or not. . '.
But the time came when there was an
epidemic of disappearing hotel cashiers
in Oakland. After the Metropole . cashier
left town with $1,000 the microbe that in
duced this condition found' its way Into
the Raymond Hotel,., and Miss Lucv
Knutzen decided that she was going to
enjoy all of the masculine prerogatives of
the position. She forthwith assumed the
prerogative of disappearing. And one
morning. Miss Lucy. Knutzen coui>- not be
found. She was traced as far as Berke
ley, and there the disappearance became
complete.-
It was found that she had not. only fol
lowed the example of others In aisaDDear
ing, but had copied the masculine method
of taking along. with her the collections of
the hotel • for the month. The exact
amount that she secured in this 'way was
never ascertained, for her parents stood
by her and refused to tell. .The taking of
the money was a serious embarrassment
to her parents, but they said nothing and
made It good to tha guests and trades
people. .
• Where she • went has .- been a comnlete
mystery until she was located in Port
land, Ore., a few days ago. She purchas
ed a Jodging house with the money that
she took with her, and Is r^rv In business
for .herself. .
Miss Lucy Knutzen is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Knutzen. Her father
is the proprietor of the Raymond Hotel
in this city. Miss Knutzen- was a Kreat
help to her parents. She handled all the
cash, receiving the money from the
guests, paying the bills and keeping the
accounts straight. She did this for sev
eral years, during which time the pur
veyors of the hotel learned that "the bux
om blond little lady knew just what
should be paid, and there was no use add
ing a few cents a pound to any com
modity: while , the guests learned that,
long standing accounts were not in favor
with the cashier. • ;
Miss Lucy Knutzen Is running a lodging
house in Portland, Or., after having kept
her parents In Ignorance as to her where
abouts for exactly two months. In fact
her parents are not yet aware of her lo
cation, for since the fourteenth day of
February they have not heard a word
from their missing daughter, and the
nearest they have been able to guess at
her whereabouts Is that she "might have
gone to Los Angeles on a "visit." The
Call published the story of her leaving
home and parents and boarders who had
paid her for board due her parents, and
It is now able to publish the news of her
present whereabouts. -.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. - HIS Broadway, April 14.
Cashier of the; Raymond
Hotel Located in the.
Oregon City.
LUCY KNUTZEN
IS IN PORTLAND
Ex-Supervisor and Pioneer Shipsmitli
Claimed by Death After Living
Useful Life.
Former Supervisor William Sydney
Phelps. father of ex-Supervisor XV. H.
Phelps and a pioneer shipsmlth of this
city, died at his residence, 1531 Jones
street, yesterday morning.
For nearly half a century Mr. Phelps
had been engaged in the shipsmithing
business on Drumm street, where he lo
cated upon his arrival In this city In
1S52.
In 1R6S Mr. Phelps was elected Super
visor from the' old Fourth Ward, and
served with honor. During his incum
bency the paid Fire Department was or
ganized, and Mr. Phelps gave the ques
tion much thought and attention.
Mr. Phelps was born near Oyster Bay.
I*or.ir Island, and had he lived until April
17. 1901. would have completed his eighty
first year. He was a member of Golden
Gate Lodge of Masons and the Grand
Lodge of California. He was also a
member of the Society of Sons of the
Involution of America.
He is survived by a wife, six children
r»nd several grand children.
WILLIAM SYDNEY PHELPS
DIES AT ADVANCED AGE
We are to have another rummage sale,
I never saw a daintier table than Mr*.
Fred Wickersham's at her 'luncheon on
Wednesday last. All pink— pink flower.?,
pink candles, pink shades and pink as far
as the menu would allow. Mrs. Wicker
sham's guests were: Mrs. W. H. Mor
row, Mrs. Harry Gray, Mrs. William
Mills, Mrs. Gardner Mills, Mrs. Foster
Maule, Mrs. Linda Bryan and Miss Edith
Lewis.
What a bunch of pretty girls Mrs. Bates
did have at her tea! I never saw so many
swell girls together before. Of all th*
stunning maids- -Cora Meyerstein- was
most attractive to me. She wore a glori
ous gown of all-over lace of a : deep ecru
tint, trimmed with. girdle and collar of
turquoise panne velvet. ; , . :
There was a dear old 'lady from ; Saeri
mento at Mrs. Bates', anditwas her firs*
appearance at a "tea." She came at
half-past 2 (so as to be sure to be on
time), and she remained until 6.
"I have had a lovely time," she said,
as she left with the last caller, "but, dear
me, how extravagant, you city folks are—
serving tea for three. hours and burning
gas In the daytime!". .
officiating clergyman. I heard every word
Charlotte uttered.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A V Pancoast & w, H D Woodward. Platt
New York J J Vestell. N T
Mrs L A Jordan, Ga Miss E R Parker N T
E E Ralston & w. Cal Miss J C Parker. N T
J H Solom. Cal E M Harrah & w. Pa
J P Mayberry, Chgo J A Byrne. Cal
Mrs N Williams, Cal Miss Byrne. Cal
Mrs C D Blaney. Cal C H Bellinger & w.
H M Barnes, Boston Butte
O W Shaw. Dayton Miss Bellinger. Butte
Mrs J Green. Buffalo E H Bee U S N
J C Burke, Buffalo A H Cady. N T
J W Stockton. Buffalo E C Fuller & w. N T
F L Lusk. Chicago G H Corker, Boston
J E McDonald. Cal C A Clapp, Boston
T Macy & w, Ca' F E Peabody, Boston
O A P Noyo. Japa>: C H Wlllson, N 9
E P Bird. Chicago Mls>s Wilson. N Scotia
T K Wright. Detroit G F Smith & w N T
S W Bllnn, L Ang Miss J F Clark-. Minn
J Gerardy. N T Mrs R H Marsh. Ill
A H Canby. N Y Miss M Marsh. Peoria
J B McCome. Boston E Marsh. Peoria
C M Hunter & w. Cal Dr T Flint. San Juan
G W Plgman, Wash Miss Flint. San Juan
R J Little. U S N W H Isom. Chicago
P P Yatea. Greensboro E E Cole, Los Ang
C D Blaney. S Jose W Petrle, Sacto
Mrs J Williams, Cal J "VV Schloss. N Y
E W Clayton. S Jose R O'Neil. Los Ang
F E Slattery. Los Ang J Bates & w. Boston
E J Fraser, Los Ang M. Goldschmldt & w,
T D Dance, Wa^h Los Angeles
D Price, London J G Hoeflesch Ohio
H A Heller. Phlladel R W Jones & w. Cal
L P Sanders & w. H S Porter & w. Cal
Butte H Bellis. Los Aztg
B E Maher, JJ Y W Q Eaton & w. Chgo
1, M Hoyte & w, N Y W Douglass. Cbjro
Dr J E Jenntgs. N Y I M Flemmlng, Chgo
GRAND HOTEL.
Edward Davis.' U S A P Howard. S Diego
F W Swanton. Cal F L Sargant. 8 Diego
A S Cooper. Cal EH Dodd. U S N
Mrs T A Butler. L A Mr Peters Norfolk
J W Atkinson, Snta MEL Laurence. Pa
C H Williams. Melo P Mrs E C Whiting, P»
J W Welch & w, la Mrs C H Gordon. Lodl
J C Newlon' & w. Ills Mr Clark & w. Placerv
F H Solomon, N Y Thos Clark. Placervlll
E L Estes, Portland S W McKIm & w. Sao
M HofT & d. Santa A J M Anderson & w.Src
G H Stewart. LA F J Steele, Hanford
M P Jeffries. LA O M Lacey. Hanford
C Lucas, Chicago L A Hill. Bakersfleld
S Waterman. Cal J B Hlgglns. Reno
E J Brent & w, L A P W Bennett. Bkrsfld
S W Johnson & w. Cal G M Leffliiwell & w.
E Smith & w, Iowa Chicago
K L, Bradman. U S M J I> Riley. Chicago
Mrs T W Ayers, Or Mrs M L Ismon. Mich
D M Lewis, NY Dr A T Hyde, Merced
C Tait. Tehama Co IL Bedford. Frenno
H Boelen & w, Iowa Misa A Boston S Cruz
J S Heath & w. Iowa Oeo Startler & w.Cal
W S Uren. Sacto J W Barbour, HanfM
N L Large. LA W L Eekerwon, L A
W W Cummincrs, Ohio (i L Stark, Cal
W E Canedeyft w.Chg B Moran. Salt Luke
Etta Elliott. Chicago Mrs L Elwood, Minn
C H Fuller & w. Conn Catherine & Lester El
1, A Kimble, L A wood. Minn
G C Bonbright. Pa W J Rogers. Grasx V
Mrs A A Storm, Chgo n b Whiteside. Minn
Elizabeth Storm. Chgo T J Mealev & w, Minn
NEW WES^-yiX HOTEL. ,
Geo Bailey. N Orlen- " Schumakofl* A t. M»
P Cottoy, Rio Vista Ti E Sherwood. Mo
W Chlnn. Cal 3 I.ewla. Cincinnati
P J Murtha. S Crnr ° de Martins. Cal
F R Tibbetts. Bkrsfl' Homer B Hltt. ,N Y
H Wearns. Detroit .1 Lambert. Kan City
James Mulroy. Inglsr" t r Lock. Fresno
W K Finks. Denver H R Williams & t.
F J Hlly. Portland Stockton
D Smith & w, Denver E Jackson. Stocfcton
R Talfor. Crockett James Dallay, Cal
A C Julllson, Tacoma
Was there ever a more popular girl than
bewitching Ardella Mills? Out at the gar
de l party at Fort Mason on Saturday the
lemonade booth, the Ice-cream, stand anfi
t'.ie candy counter were all clamoring for
her services. But she stuck bravely by
the ice-cream booth. Why? Well, sh^
gave - the reason herself — because there
was most there to do. _ V :
* • •
This one, the latest in the rummage line,
begins to-day at 925 Howard ' street, and
will continue throughout the week. Tha
object of the rummage sale is a charita
ble, one, of course— the orphanage at San
Anselmo. Mrs. P. D. Brown, Mrs. L. A.
Kelly. Mrs. Laughlin McLaine, Mrs. T.
TIsdale, Mrs. J. B. "Weston, Mrs. N. D
Hideout and Mrs. L. Fredericks have the
sale in charge, and hope to make It a
great financial success.
-With the money realized the ladies In
tend to enlarge the San Anselmo Institu
tion and establish a school Where each
little inmate will be taught a trade. an3
sol prepare him or her for life's battle.
Donations for the sale are earnestly re
quested. All sorts and manner of things
are solicited. Old furniture,' as well as
old clothes, will be very, welcome. A lare'e
number of society girls will assist at th'e
sale every afternoon and evening during
the week. ¦ .•
$2000.
Builders' Contracts.
Alvlnza Hayward (owner) with Forderer
Cornice Works (contractors), architect Henry
H Meyers— Skylights, celling lights, galvanized
Iron work, radiator backs for an eleven-story
fireproof building on lot on NE corner of Cali
fornia and Montgomery streets, N 93 by E
Johanna Harris (owner) with Denke Bros,
(contractors and architects)— All work , except
painting, tinting and llncrusta walton ' for a
three-fiat frame building on lot on N line of
Sacramento street. 113:9 W of Flllmore, W
31 S by N 128; $6770.
M S Price (owner) with John Mlron (con
tractor), architect Oliver Everett— All work ex
cept mantels for a three-story attic and base
ment frame building on lot on W line of
Buchanan street, 82:6 N of Sutter, N 55 by
W 30- $7460.
William Giselman (trustee) (owner) with M.
I^oftus (contractor), architect William Curlett—
All work except painting for a two-story frame
fiat and 3tore building on lot on E line of
Fourth street. 25 SE of Harrison. SE SO T>y
NE 75; 17945.
• Mrs -Huldah McCrory (owner) with F. J.
Fernhoff (contractor), architects Havens &
Toepke— Alterations and additions to make a
three-story frame building (flats) on lot on
S line of O'Farrell street, 114:8 E of Leaven
worth. E 22:10 by S 68:9: $2480. .
George Biber (owner) with Jacob Schuler
(contractor)— Carpenter work for alterations to
old bulldlne and all work for a one and a half
story building for manufacturing purposes on
lot on NW corner of Eighteenth and Hamp
shire streets. N 137:6 by W 73-; $1500.
tract; $1000.
.Mary H. Jackson, wife of Arthur E.. Netta
C. Lawrence and Nella R. Hart, wife of A. a.
to I Margaret H. Lawrence, all Interest In the
estate of Alexander McNee; $ — .
Margaret H. Lawrence to Mary H. Jackson,
•wife of Arthur E..^ Netta C Lawrence and
Nella R. Hart, wife of A. C, (one-quarter
each), undivided three-quarter interest In the
same ; $ — . ¦ ¦ - '
In abstract No. 2996, April 10,' 1901. the
twenty-sixth deed should read April 6, 1901 —
Joseph G. Levansaler and Morris WIndt to
Bertha F. Smith (single). OL 274, W Tenth
avenue, 100 N of A street, N 75 by W 120;
! Delia CarvHl to Cfrrin S. Carvlll (husband),
lot on the N line of Golden Gate avenue. 137:6
W of Webster, W 34:414 by N 137:6: also lot on
the.N line of Army street. 60:11 E of Castro.
|<93 203:8 by N 114; also lot on SW corner of
Army and Castro streets. W 203:8 by S 114:
also lot on.NE corner California avenu* and
Norwich street. N 25 by E ISO, lot 53 Cheese
man's map 1 subdivision PV lots: J5C0O.
Orrln S. Carvill to Almond D. Can-ill, tame
(i pieces); ?5000.
A. C. and Regina Adams to Rose Levy, wife
of M. L., lot on S line of Jackson street. 192:6
K of Steiner, E 27:6 by S 127j8%; $4500.
William H. Birch to Eliza J. Birch, lot on
N l!ne of California street, 150 E of Devlsadero,
E 75 by N 137:6; gift.
Sophie and Julian LeRoy White to William
J., Joseph K., Herbert L. and Emily A. Haw
kins, lot on S line of Page street. 96:10 E of
Baker. E % inch by S 27:6; $500.
Estate of Elizabeth Thomsen, by John A.
Drinkhouse, administrator, to T. L. Henderson,
lot on N line of Henry street, 148 W of Noe,
TV 26 by N 115; $2500.
Vincenzo Davalle to Rosa Davalle, lot on SE
corner of Montgomery and Union street. S 48:9
by E 46:3; gift.
R. H. Sprague to Douglas S. Watson, lot on
E line of Montgomery street. 42 S of Sacra
mento,' S 98:3% by E 68:9 and party walls, quit
claim deed; J5000. .' . • ¦
George D. and Charlotte- J. Grayblll to Louis
T Hensrstler, lot on N line of North Point
street. 1S3:4 W of Stockton, W 68:9 by N 137:6;
$sooo.
Douglas S. and Mai M. Watson to Andrew
Jackson, lot on S line of Geary street, 137:6 W
cf Powell. W 23 by S 137:6; $35,000.
German Savings and. Loan Society to Henry
Kohler, lot on N line of Lombard street, 137:6
E of Jones, E 50 by N 137:6; $5500.
David O'Keefe to Michael Norrls. lot on SE
line. of Howard street, 125 NE of Second. NB
50 by SE 85: also lot on NW line of Tehama
street. 125 NE of Second. NE 25 by NW 80;
gift."
Leonora McCormlck to Jennie McCormlck,
lot on E line of Zoe street, 225 N of Brannan,
N 25 by E 75"; gift. ... \
E. E. Maxfleld to Eugene A. Zachau, lot on
W line of Fourth avenue. 323 S of California
street, S 25 by W 120; $3000.
Albert W. and Anna Peterson to Theresa M.
Brooks, lot on W line of Second avenue, 125
N of Point Lobos avenue. N 25, W 120, S 12:6,
E 8:7, S 12:6, E 111:5; $1000.
George C. and Dora C. Harrison to Theodore
Labhard, lot on S line of Clement street, 105 E
of Tenth avenue, E 27:6 by S 100: $1000.
- Samuel M. Brown to Philip WInkler. lots 1
and 2, block 6. Holly Park tract; $500. . •
Lilian M. and Elijah A. Keith and Charlotte
R. and Jesse H. Averill to Johanna Haas, wife
cf Leonard, lot on E line of Sanchez. 250 S of
Thirtieth, S 53 by E 125, b-jck 26,_Falrmount
BEAT/ ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BaukPia Pigeon Lofts, distance 99 miles 1453
yards— BB264 arrived 9:56. time 2:56. 99S.23:
BB262 arrived 9:59, time 2:59. SS1.52.
E. 'Wlchman. distance 101 miles 107 yard*—
A2230 arrived 9:52% time 2:52%. 1029.K2: BB954
rrrived 9:52%. time 2:52%. 1029.62: BB4S3 ar-
Edward "U'lchman. distance lfll miles 107
yards— BB492 arrived 9:50%. time 2:50*1. 1041. 6S.
W. W. White, distance 100 mUes 127 yards—
BB732 arrived 9:31. time 2:51. 1029.93.
' A. Lernhart. distance 110 miles 1371 yards —
TtB426 arrived 10:04 time 3:04, If.59.fi2; BB434
arrived 10:0a. time 3tO5. 1053.93: B.B435 arrived
10:05. time 3:05. 105S.S3; AL2 arrived 10:03. time
3:05. 1053.S3; AL15 arrived 10:03. time 3:05,.
10S3.P3. .
B. T McBain. distance 99 miles 1060 yards —
TB676 arrived S:44. time 2:44. 10KC.90; BBR9S
arrived 9:45, time 2:45. 1062.42: BB132 arrived
9:45, time 2:45. 1062.42; 3S33-99 arrived 9:45. time
2:43. 1062.42.
Georpe T>. Lubben. distance 1C1 miles 47ft
yards— BB49S arrived 9:3S. time 2:3*. 1J2» 04
yards; BB311 arrived 9:3$. time 2:3S. U2S.!M
yards.
.Tnhn O. Lubben. distance ltl mil^s 467 yards—
A4M arrived 9:3S>A. time 2:3S%. 1124.46.
G. Lubben. distance 101 miles 470 yards —
BB510 arrived 9:S8%. time 2:3S%. 1122.70.
• J. Lubben. distance 101 miles 467 yards—
EB70 arrived 9.3SH. time 2:3S*i. 1122.69
A. Mclntyre. distance 99 miles 1453 yards—
BBS63 arrived 9:44. time 2:44, 1071.23.
Two weeks from to-day the second fly
of the season will take place. The dis
tance is to be 200 miles, and the birds will
be liberated at Redding. One hundred
birds have already been entered. The
record for this fly is 1338 yards a minute.
The score of to-day's fly, with the tlms
made, is as follows:
A. L. Schaffer. distance 100 miles 260 yard*—
PB91 arrived 9:S0%. time 2:30%. 1169.22 yards:
EERJ arrived S:32. time 2:32, 1159.60 yards: TJns<I
arrived 9:32V.. time 2:S2H. 1153.80 yard?: BBS5
arrived 9:3R. time 2:36. 1129.8" yards.
W E. Carpenter of Marysville released
101 birds at 7 o'clock this mornig. and
the first bird arrived in Oakland thre» :
quarters of a minute after half-past 9.
making the 100 miles in 2 hours 30% min
utes. The winner of the race is owned
by A. L. Schaffer of Oakland.
OAKLAND. April H.— The Pacific
Pigeon Club, which has its headquarters
in Oakland, held Its first club race of the
season to-day. The race was a success,
although the weather conditions were not
entirely favorable. The wind was from
thj southwest, and, and as the course was
from Marysville to Oakland, the bird 1 *
had to fly in the face of the wind the
entire distance. Under the conditions the
time was good, though no records were
broken. . -
Successful Fly Under Auspices of
Oakland Club — Conditions Unfa
. vorablo to Good Record.
PIGEONS RACE TO BAY
FROM MARYSVILLE
WICHITA, Ivans.. April 14.-To-morrow
evening the twentieth century Scottish
Rite Jubilee will be inaugurated here.
To-morrow morning a large delegation of
the members of the Rite In St. Louis will
arrive in the city in company with Con
gressman James Daniel Richardson of
Tennessee, grand commander of the
Southern jurisdiction: Frederick Webber,
grand secretary general, and Martin Col
lins, grand minister of state.
Tuesday morning Grand Commander
Henry I. Palmer of the northern jurisdic
tion will arrive from Milwaukee with a
delegation from Kansas City and Topeka.
On Monday afternoon a delegation, con
sisting of the heads of the Scottish Rite
bodies of Colorado, will arrive, headed by
Senator Henry M. Teller", and on Monday
night delegations from Texas and Arkan
sas will come in.
One hundred and fifty-four candidates
will take the degrees, said to be the larg
set class In the history of Scottish Rite
Masonry.
What Is Said to Be Largest Class
in History of the Order Will
Pass Ordeal . at
Wichita.
One Hundred and Fifty-
Four Candidates Will
Take the Degree.
SCOTTISH RITE
MASONS' JUBILEE
I could not hear Lieutenant Kessler as
he repeated the binding words after the
At 3 o'clock of the day on which Cor
delia Baxter becamo the bride of Hugh
Tevis I saw her in a Kearny-street store,
lost to all things except golf vests, which
Fho was busily selecting. Her selections
made, she had them fitted, and even that
trying process did not disturb her. It was
•fully 5 o'clock on that auspicious day be
fore she finished her shopping. However,
she fa.ced the clergyman to the minute set
In spito of her trials of the afternoon, and
a handsomer bride I never looked upon.
Charlotte Cunningham, nowever, sur
passed anything from a standpoint of
cool self-possession I ever expect to see.
A bunch of girls went up to see her dress
they were the girls that had worked on
that marvelous gown of hers— and she
kept them staring at her all through, that
trying process, wondering what marvelous
thing she would do next She thought of
everybody but herself, and she was giving
orders for their benefit while her veil was
being adjusted. First she saw that each
and every one of those girls was provided
with a box of wedding cake. Then she
sent the girls who had decorated the home
downstairs to supper. Next she had her
mother pass in critical review before her
and complimented her on the beauty of
her gown. Finally she went downstairs,
passed through the flower-adorned rooms,
gave vent to many delighted "Ohs" and
"Ahs" and was driven to the church.
The nervous bride is a thing of the past.
She may have existed in the time of our
grandmothers, even, if you will, of our
mothers, but to-day there Is no longer
such a thing. The nervous bride went out
.¦with the promise to obey,' which almost
every clergyman has cut out of the mar
riage ceremony^ I knew of the passing
of the girl who trembled and blushed and
went into hiding on her wedding day, but
in spite of . my modern education I must
confess that I was. hardly prepared for
the wonderful coolness of the two most
charming brides of the week— Cordelia
Baxter, now Mrs. Hugh Tevis, and Char
lotte Cunningham, now Mrs. Percy Kess
ler.
Alice was the first one of the Tevises to
fall in love with Cordelia Baxter. She
met her down at Monterey and conceived
a violent attachment ; for the "pretty
lady." It was little Alice who first called
Mr. Tevis' attention > to the lady who Is
now his wife.
No matter what the grown people think
about Mrs. Tevis. she has one little girl
admirer, who boldly declares that "she is
the prettiest lady in. all the world." This
enthusiast is no less a personage than lit
tle Alice Tevis, Hugh Tevis' eight-year
old daughter.
""She comes upon you," said. one of the
most decided pros, "and. takes your
breath awny, but she won't bear critical
inspection." . . .
With all these pros and .cons no one,
however, has ccme forward to declare
that Mrs. Tevis is not beautiful. They
(the pros) only object to the term, "a
beauty." ;'.' •
NEVER saw people so divided as upon
the delicate question of Mrs. Hugh
Tevis' beauty. I have heard people
go into ecstasies over her, an,d then'
again I have heard others declare that
there were dozens of girls In this city
many times more beautiful.
' I den't propose to set myself up as a
critic on that most difficult of all sub
jects—feminine beauty. I only say that
I would not call Mrs. Tevis a beauty. She
has a wonderful skin— fair and smooth,
with a delicate peach tint in It that one
looks for only in the skin of a baby. Then
she has a fine pair of eyes, blue as the
heavens, .well pet and wide apart. But
i with them her facial beauty ends.
Stolen Stock Mysteriously Disappears
in Black Hills Country, the Head
quarters of an Organized
Band of Bobbers,
i
LIVERMORE, April H.-Organlzed
bands of cattle thieves, with a rendezvous
in the Black Hills, are raiding among the
ranches of Livermore Valley, driving off
stock with such boldness and cunning
combined as to completely baffle the dep
uty sheriffs hereabouts.
Only once during the past two years
Dave the peace officers been able to find
any clew to the raiders. They did suc
.ceed in landing dne stock thief In the pen
itentiary. Of late the descents of the hit
men upon the valley farms and stock
ranges have been so frequent that the
ranchers are seriously, contemplating the
organization of a vigilance committee to
ferret out- the raiders, and to use every
means, even to shotguns and rifles, to
protect their cattle from these depreda
tions.
The latest theft that has aroused the Ire
of the ranchers was the driving off of
twenty-two head of beef cattfe a few
nights ago from the range of P. Fcbian &
Co., located between Midway and Cwral
Hollow. i
TJie raiders herded the stolen stoct
through the Mulqueeny ranges, cutting
the wire fencing with nippers, and drove
the cattle on to the Johnson ranch.
Whether the thieves became alarmed, be
lieving they were pursued, or from some
other cause, they abandoned a portion of
the herd there and continued on the drive
with ten head, of which two were owned
by the Mulqueeny estate.
The cattlemen made their way across
the range into San Joaquln County. They
traveled for a portion of the route on the
county road, but after getting into the
mountains all trace of the cattle and the
thieves was lost.
The> Fabian steers were all branded and
can be easily identified if they have not
already been slaughtered. The ranchers
are much excited over the theft and have
offered a reward of $100 for the arrest and
conviction of the thieves.
Livermore Ranchers in Arms
Against the Dep
redators.
CATTLE THIEVES
RAID THE RANGES
Dean and Every Member , of th?
Faculty of the School of Peda
gogy Will Quit the
Institution.
NEW YORK, ADril 14.— The resigna
tions of the dean and every member of
the faculty of the school of pedagogy of
the New York University ' have been
placed in the hands of Dr. Henry Mac-
Cracken, chancellor of the university.
Three of the retiring professors are
practically in open revolt against. the uni
versity authorities, and, emulating the
example of certain professors who were
recently forced out of the Leland Stan
ford University of California, they have
appealed their case to the public through
the medium of a signed statement issued
to-day to the newspapers.
In this statement it is hinted that the
activity of the woman's advisory commit
tee, an organization of women of high at
tainments devoted to the interests of the
university, has been Instrumental in
bringing the revolt to a crisis. Miss Helen
Gould, Mrs. Henry Draper and Mrs. Eu
gene Smith are the members of this com
mittee. Chancellor MacCracken admitted
that these women had not been entirely
satisfied with the edification they derived
from attendance at certain of the pro
fessors' lectures, and had not hesitated to
voice their disappointment.
There have been long-continued disa
greements within the faculty of pedagogy
on points of general policy.
Instructors - in New York
' I TJni ver sity Hand in
Resignations.
« —
REVOLT AGAINST
COLLEGE POLICY
NEW YORK. April H.-For, the fir^t
time since they were oisanizsd the prin
cipal trades unions in this city decided to
day to so Into politics and to start an
independent labor party. This decisicn
was reached at a meeting of delegates
from twenty- one unions represented >n
the board of walking .iclogp/.es. held this
afternoon. Philip Wienf:emer of the Amal
gamated Society of numbers and Gas
litters presided.
The meeting was called en account cf
the recent decisions of the Court of Ap
peals declaring: the prevailing rate of
wages law and the Stat e stone dressln,;
law unconstitutional. The laws, the most
radical of their kind that have yet been
passed in the interest of labor, cost the
labor unions Biany thousands of dollars in
carrying on the agitation in their favor,
and their annulment Is admitted to be a
severe blow to labor. Those who con
ducted the agitation now say that the
city officials who were supposed to be
most friendly to labor did not stand by
the labor unions as they were expected
to do. and that their professions of friend
ship were not carried out in practice.
Annullment by Court of Appsals of
Laws Costing" Large Sums to
Agitate Causs of the
Step.
Labor Organizations Decide
for First Time to Enter
Political Field.
TRADES UNIONS
FORM A PARTY
CHASED BY FIERY
HORSELESS WAG0N
Frisky Automobile Gets
Burning and Touches
Off"Pop"Lenhardt.
Suns Him Bound a Circle Until He
Ducks, and Then Friends
Holl Him in the
Sand.
As the landlord was the r.oicier the spec
tators took up his case first, and while
the machine cavorted around the road
like a dissatisfied bonfire, tJ^ey rolled him
off the road and into p sand bank like a
harrel. and there they proceeded to
bury him. They put him out before he
had* lost more thin one layer of clothing
p.nd after the interment had proceeded
far enough to becom-e serious. But the
automibbiic had looked cut for Its owa
fire. It was still reeling around spitting
sparks and some one *el»phoned to a spe
cialist to come out and talk to it and qul*t
it. but before one could get there the ma
chine had finished evcryth!ng burnable
about itself and was rapM'y accumulating
a little heap of ashes with spokes and
nxies on the side. When its owner reached
the Casino there was nothing left but a
Flrong smell of burning paint and gasoline
and there was nothing heard but Len
harfit, who in an inner room was still
enmrpenting on fiery untamed automo
biles quite as warmly as the occasion de
manded.
There was no stopping either of them,
r.nd on the thitd lap the machine over
hauled th» stout landlord and fouled him.
If it had stopped there it would have been
all right, but <t didn't; it went on over
him, and when it l.ad passed it was found
that Lenhardt had caught the infection
and the fire was burning lustily on his
clothes without the aid of gasoline.
While they were in the Casino the ma
chine became overcome with the fumes of
its gasoline and set fire to itself. Mein
Host Lenhardt was the first to scent the
danger and the burning gasoline. He
rushed through his doorway, sounding the
alarm as he went, and proceeded to elect
himself chief of an amateur fire depart
ment. He and the two ch.iffeurs pranced
:iround the th'.ng until some one mon
keyed with the starting handle, and with
a "snort the machine started across the
road after the rotund boniface. The
Fteeriner handle was eet for a circle about
¦the width of the road, and around this
circle the machine chased the perspiring
I-onhardt. who had forgotten the way in
through the door of his house and thought
of nothing but the animated bunch of fire
that wanted to get at him.
They reached the park in safety and in
pood time, and feeling that they needed
some stimulant after the run they turned
out of the park and drew up in front of
Lenhardts place. It was Floyd's deci
sion that the thing did not need to be
hitched, so they left it to itself while they
went Inside.
The machine belonged to Miles Baird.
He did not Intend to use it Saturday even
ing, so John Floyd, a colored boy, who
works for Baird's mother, and a friend
named Clifford Middlemlss. decided they
would take the thing out and give It some
exercise to keep spavins out of its bear
ings. Middlemiss is a stable boy in
"Welsh's stable, and while the horseless
article was not quite in his line, still his
experience was of some value and Floyd
felt safer with him alon^.
There were n!ia times around 'Top"
Ler.hardfs Park Casino Saturday night,
caused by the eccentricities of an auto
mobile that had discharged its passengers
iind got control of itself. Had it been
honestly on the road it might have be
haved better, but it had been tooled away
without the consent of its owner and was
therefore somewhat irresponsible.
SOCIETY: PRO AND CON APROPOS
MRS. TEVIS BEAUTY.
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, APRIL. 15, 1901.
MISS LENA HALL, A CHARMING. BELLE OF- THIS CITY, WHOSE
. WEDDING TO DR. ARTHUR TIBBETTS OF PETALUMA WILL BE
CELEBRATED EARLY IN JUNE. ' '
• . *
7
i^_^ i$S? What Makes
Good Beer?
, Fine materials and the
time to properly ma-
ture — ca^ e^ "being
W&|^^-£) on lager." No beer
leaves the vaults of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
that is less than four months old. The
• Great Budweiser and all beers used for
bottling purposes are five to six months old,
which makes them the most healthful brews.
jjy *' - m s—*^ Famous the world over for its tonic qnaliries,
*Jn£rlf7*'/Y*w-few* l m]n, recommended by physicians everywhere, U
y/IM4*/iSj€£4&£fl0 prepared by this association.
Order* promptly filled by
,; E. G. LYONS COMPAHY, Wholesale Dealers, SAN FEANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kidney Cripples
Are you one of those Kidney Crip-
ples with a weak back ? Can't stand
up erect without those sharp pains in
small of the back. Waken up in the
night with distress in the kidneys,
which makes you restless and unable
to sleep well. You are in danger of
Bright's Disease and should correct
the trouble at once with
The herbs of this wonderful remedy act directly
on the kidneys and correct any disorders of
those vital organs quicker than any other
remedy.
A 100-Pape Book of Stories and *& .-jfJM f
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free "*3g£=- L
*i-.h every 25-cent package.
ALL DRUGGISTS. YsABeuM*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mallai
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRO.V.
JC Ulf CSV -V Ct\ 900 Battery Street.
• W- V ILSXin »I W-V-. Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
r VS CMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
* - "• if* J Kilo ship Work a specialty. 16 and
IS \TaFhlncton st. Telephone Main 6641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYFS£f«1 Shipping: Butchers. 104
JA3- lit'ICJ q WJ- ciay. Tel. Main I2M.
OILS.
LtTEmr-ATIXG OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
<13 Front st.. S. F. Phone Mala 1719.
PHINTINO.
F. C RIJfifTF^ printer.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUfcD CO.. .
\ 23 First Street. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTED.
S C6 C^onna PA2TRIDGE .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, M ONDAY, APRIL. 15, ; 1 901.
8
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca. -. corner of Market ana Third streets: open
ur.tll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
cemer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until f :30 p. m.
C3S McAllister sfreet; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
flS Larkin street: op' until 9:30 p. m.
3M1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2J61 Market street, corner -ixteenth: open
ur.tll 9 o. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
3CS6 Valencia Ftrpet: open until » p. ».
J'crthwest corner Twent--reccnd and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING M>TICES. ,
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. --¦£-_
T 8 Post St.— Ppecial assembly THIS TjEp
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. (£3
Order of the Teaiple. All f raters cour- W
ti-cus-Iy Invited. By order of the Com-
mander. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. *
GOLDEN Gate Ccmmzr.dery No. 16, K. .j.
T Golden Gate building, C25 Sutter st. 'OB^
—Stated assembly THIS EVENING at W\
t- o'clock. The order of the Temple »*
•nil! be conferred. All fraters are cour- w
teously invited.
ROBERT McMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. TONDA, Recorder.
£AN Francisco Chapter No. \J Royal -4\^
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. kLJ\
Business. Degrees 5 and 6. '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. Ji
:.L— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at _«%_
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master /&3T
Masons cordially invited. By order of /^r >
the W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. »
and A. M-. Flllmore St.. between Bush Jfc
end Sutter. Franklin Hall— Third de- V 2?
gree THIS EVENING Rt 7:30 o'clock. r*kf^
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310, I. O.
O. F. — All members are requested £>&J5S&&
to be present MONDAY EVEN- :^*S3gJr
ING. April 15, 1901. as Grand "" 1-
Master W. w. WATSON will pay the lodge
en official visit Visitors cordially invited.
T. C. NIXON. N. G.
e. SCOTT. R. S.
BRPSKO Jedinstvo B. S. will hold "7
regular meeting MONDAY. *k JKL A
April 15. 19C1, lit 8 o'clock mf*J;f«5
tharp. ;,t 9C9 Market st. All Taji *^ig r
members are requested to be fts««*%;B»
present, as there will be Im- lR^^J»t '
portant butinesn. - •
M. ZAIiO. President.
A. V. SPILETAK. Secretary.
KNIGHTS nnd Lndles of Honor— The Grand
Lodge of California wi!l convene in fourteenth
rfguiar session on TUESDAY. April 16, at
10 a. m.. at Pythian Hail.-9C9^ Market st.
Z. T. WHITTEN. G. P.
H. W. QUITZOW. G. S.
MISS LUCY BECKHAM will address the Ve-
danta Society every THURSDAY EVENING
at S and every Sunday morning at 11, at 770
Oak St., corner Steiner. AH cordially invited
to attend.
ADOPTION.
GOOD home cpen for h&tWry boy and eirl
Imbie*. MRS. DR. FUNKK. 1416 Sth. Alameia.
ASPHALTU3I HOOFI.\G.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
psired: r.o«tal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom ISO".
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fei? without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, S50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Ft., opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Eirma Spreckels bid?.. 92? Mar-
ket St.: contestation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOIl CHILDREN.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board; yard; bert of care. 1607 California st.
DESUTESS CIIA.\CES. ;
A— 51350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on !
Kearr.y st; rent $75; clearing $1SO per month; i
daily receipts about {CO. Call R. G. WILKE, j
2CV* Kearny st. '.
A— J2C0O; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dinins I
hall. ttc. ; rent J75; place established many I
years; doing & steady, good-paying buslnets; I
rare chance for party speaking French and j
German. R. G. WII-KE. 26*4. Keainy st. j
A— $350; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
ery with living rooms; corner; Western Ad-
dition; rent $10; sood business; clean store. !
¦Call R. G. WILKE, 26\j Kearny t,t j
A— $650; PARTNER wanted in commission <
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny. I
A— ficco; SALOON on Market tt; place estab-
lished many yesrs and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135; sickness In family com- :
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Cali R. G. i
WILKE. 28>» Kearny rt. . |
A— J2CC0; PARTNER wanted in old established j
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc.; |
boiler, horses, v.agcns. plants and trees of :
all description: established many year« and !
doing a monev-making business. Particulars
EL G. WILKi:, SS% Keainy st... w J
A-ttOtt; FIRST-CLASS and elegantly ntted up
restaurant; choicest downtown location; do-
ing a goucl paying business; rent $50; a rare !
business ofTc-r. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H I
Kearny st.
A— $1300; DELICACY and provision store- 1 ¦
Tilock from Market Ft; daily receipts from
J"G to J40; a first-class, paying business. Call
It. G. WILKE. 2C»i Kearny st.
A— $1SOO; SALOON in wholesale district; no
right or Sunday work; rent $50; daily re-
ceipts $20; good business; owner engaged
Call R. G. WILKE, 26U Kearr.y.
tiELICACY store: daily average $16; one of
the best stores downtown; trial given; satis-
faction guaranteed; sickness cause of celling;
reasonable offer will be considered.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Rooms 1, 2. No. 917 Market st. opp. Mason.
A A A— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars.
SCO candy and ice cream stores, 500 restaurants.
POO stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st
FOR private hale: some of the best saloons in
the city. WALTER HATES & CO.. S3S Mrkt.
$T50— PARTNER wanted in an old established
cash business; owner well known pr\ctieal
business man; profits average $89 a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO., 632 Market et.
, FPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery ' and bar and delicatessen
stores: also restaurants, barber shops and
ealoons. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
RESTAURANT; clears $150 a month; down-
town: $?00: good location. JOSEPH BAILIE,
7f.S Market st
CF.OCERY and bar on Howard St.; rent $o0:
4 living roonw and stable: large basement;
J2300. JOSEPH BAILIE. 7S9 Market tt.
>— $350; RESTAURANT: no better location in
the city; this Is positively worth over IVNf).
but it must go Immediately. Business Board
of Trade. 226 Fine St.; phone Davis 32S.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted: light business; no
night or Sunday work; $75 to $S5 a month
each; no experience required; trial given;
young single man preferred. 25 Geary, rm. L
BUILDING to be removed May 1; complete
restaurant furniture for Eale. at a bargain.
28 Firet st.
A— <300; PRIVATE boarding-house; well furn.;
clear $75 mo. Strand & Kaiser, 2M Kearny.
KiX'—RESTAtTRANT; fine central location; re-
ceipts $26; departure. Inquire at 1G7 Minna.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sals. Apply
Call Business office.
BHOEMAKIXG and repairing business for
pale cheap; best business of the kind in Cal-
ifornia: bljr profits : investigate ; owner go-
ing East. Address box A. Call Agency, San
Jose. Cal.
PENSION— Active partner wanted in long-es-
tablished business: small capital required;
Fmall expense; quick returns: best refs. given
& required. Pension Partner, box 3731. Call.
HOTELS and lodging-houses bought, sold and
leased by J. R. RICHARDS' Hotel Brokers'
Co.. room 40. .Sth floor. Mills bldg. ; hotel prop-
erties taken full charse of.
— - •^
$.' CO— GOOD- PAY ING business; dairy produce
and delicacy store: rent $12: call early; leav-
ing city. 324 Fifth et. ; furniture included.
WANTED— Men of means to put a patented
Rrticle on the market. ,N. DOBBINS 304
Stockton st
COFFEE and lunch room for sale; suitable for
man and wife or two ladles; no reasonable
offer refused. 704 Polk Et.
MILK business; established 10 years: trial
given; sickness cause of selling. Box 37, Call.
FOR sale— This week, well-paylns corner gro-
cery and bar; no agents. Call at 1016 Polk st.
RESTAURANT for sale on account of depart-
ure ; living rooms, complete. 136 Second Bt
$700-RESTAURAKT; $16 recelnts; if sold this
week: central. Box 3767, Caw' office.
BARBER shop and fixtures in Glen Ellen. So-
noma Co. ; good location for summer. -: ,
SALOON and furnished rooms for eale. 119
Second st. corner Minna. . .. ? » ¦ - ; ? . ..
BRANCH bakery, notions and candles.. a9C6
iiiFticn et. i It r TiEftrwi'nBrr . ¦-- •-.
BPSIXE S S CHAXCES— Continued.
RARE CHANCE for 2 good men: Ocean House
road nursery for sal", with all improvements;
plants, bulbs, horses, wagrons, greenhouses, 4
big tanks holding 50,000 gallons, plenty water,
, engine to pump It, pipes covering 15 acres
land; best place to raise flowers and vege-
tables; 1 block from Ingleslde electric car:
lease 10 years; reason for selling, retiring
from business. Appiv on place or 25 Fourth
street. '
FOR sale— Saloon with 4 living rooms at a bar-
gain; must be sold-spn account of sickness.
Apply at 215 Steuart Et |
HARDWARE store; supplies all ship carpen-
ters and Joiners. Apply 16 Folsom st. .
WANTED— Respectable young lady or man as
partner In candy business. 941 Folsom st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house lor sale. Apply Call office. j
JUNK and second-hsnd store for sale cheap. ]
3C44 •Tv.-enty-fourthet. . j
$350— TOBACCO and cigar store, with living
rooms; downtown. Box 2989, Call office.
MAN with J300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
PHOTO supplies, developing and printing; a
good paying business for $300. 2204 Fillmore.
LODGIXG HOj^ESlFOnSALE— -Con.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL ¦
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
85-ROOM HOUSE....
Sure to Clear $100
Modern House
Price Only $1800
Owner Sick and Must Sell
Offer Wanted
A — 100 houses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st, near Market 500
14 rooms; on Third st, near Market 530
14 rooms; on Mission st ' 55'J
40 rooms; rent $60; clear3 $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2S30
24 rooms; on Geary st; clears $135 1903
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300. 6009
S5-room house; clears $300 6003
SO-room boarding-house; clears $603 5000
8-room flat; sunny side "00
J 6-room flat; very good 325
500 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms.
AESTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
$100,000 to loan at I'/i per cent.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
ATTENTION. SELLER— I can sell your house
or real estate for you. DECKER, 102Q Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
SCO Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S. .
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all sizes and prices.
Buyers, see our list of bargains:
So rooms; Sutter; central Jocation; good tran-
sient house; rent $200 $3600
! 49 rooms; Market; Al location; rent $170:
good furniture; sunny $3500
34 roomf; Van Ness; rent $1SO: boarding-
house; pood furniture and carpets $35»0
27 rooms: Post; transient; new furniture and
carpets; rent $115..... *2600
10 rooms ;, Mason ; rent $70; partly unfur-
nished; sunny; good location; yard.... $300
tELECT TOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
10 rooms; Ellis st; fine house; only $450
15 rooms; cheap rent; well furnished...... 475
{ 32 rooms; corner house: north of Market.. 8C0
I 42 rooms; big money maker; a sacrifice... 2200
76 rooms; splendid location: downtown... 3550
118 rooms; clears $450 mo.; worth double.. 210O
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying. .
WALTER HAYES & CO., S3S Market st. i
EEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sires and prices; |
fO rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new. clean; clears $50 900.;
14 rooms runny corner, good condition 1000
3ft rooms, all conveniences, select central. 8000 \
11 rooms, only J200 cash, balance pay- • -|
ments 500 ;
Vacant houses furnished •'•••• ]
We furnish th» mooey— you pay as you can. i
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st. ;
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market: phone Black 4071 \
20 rooms and six kitchens; Ellis st $1CCO !
7 rooms ?nd bath; rent $30; O'Farrell;
worth $700; only 500
M rooms; sunny: rent $110: Post 1S00
10 rooms and bath; rent"J40: Eddy 530 .
I IS rooms: rent $50; Third St.; cheap S50
i Many ethers to choose from.
: WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st,
Over Wonder Millinery Store
I 24 rooms: rent $-J5: part cash. $^50
j 22 rcoir.s: cheap rent; only 4S0
; pS rooms: rent $50; part cash — 1000
I in rooms; corner: clear? $75 1150
| 'SG rooms; rent $30; good 1625
! LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho- i
I tels to suit even- buyer; this office is licensed; j
! 1 am established since 1£?2: I loan money to
buyers; jrenpral satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.'
; P.ooms 1. 2, No. 917 Market st. opp. Mason.
i A^ ' ~~ — A A
! M GRIFFIN, 713 Market, by Call building:.
Lodging-houses of all sizes and prices fcr sale
nnd exchanged; I will lend you part of the
money and get you a good title.
I 14 SUNNY rooms: rent only $70 $17C0
17 rooms: all light: transient 1550
I 45 rooms;-Post: half can stand 2500
j 3S rooms: Hownrd; well rented 1000
| EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
i FISHER & CO.. S35 Market st. opp. Mason.
j 4S rooms; north of , Market: only $1600
I 16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
1 20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
! IS ROOMS; Fifth. St.; rent $65: price $1000.
! 12 rooms; Mason st: rent $45; price $750.
i 35 rooms on Howard: rent $80; price $1000. .
19 rooms on Grant ave.: rent $75: price $1500.
I EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S Sixth st.
j OLD established boarding-house; 25 elegant
1 large rooms; corner; -fine grounds, with
stable: downtown; must sell; leaving; no
triflers.' Box 2938. Call office.
$??:C— HOUSE. 30 rooms; rent $45; south of
Market: nicely furnished and good-paying
house; must sell. Box 3737, Call of fie.
FOR sale— 10-room rooming-house: 12SM: Ninth
i fct.: good location and cheap rent; rooms all
I rented. <
111 ROOMS; central; transient; neatly furnished;
! rent $49: bargain. Donnelly Co.. 632 Market.
i SPIRITUALISM.'
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name.' the
' name of the one you love and the name of the
or.e vou will marry; the only medium in the
! world so sure of his occult power that, he will
give every person who comes prepared 'a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 13S2 Market st, opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned £r>lritual medium; advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a. specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed.. Fri. eve. ; letters answered.
Resid. (no sinns). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkln.
FREE — W. Brockway. I nervo-pathist, locates
disease without asking questions, looking at
tongue cr fecllns of pulFe, and prospect of
cure; nervous and chronic diseases treated
without medicine. C27 Larkin, cor. G. G. ave.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: sit-
tings ft. 1164 O'Farreli. nr. Gough, Ellis car.
VRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln st.
MME. YOUNG'S benefit test circle for Mrs. Dr.
Rlnes to-night. 605 McAllister St.; 10-?.'
PROF. GEE. readlnrs. L. 50c; G. $1; mall, $1;
dr. Tues., Thurs.. Sat., 8 p.m.; lCc. 513 Jones.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 1241'zi Market St.
EARLE. 622 Geary St.. telephone Polk 1237—
Readings daily; seances Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: tests to all to-night: 10c:
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MME. ,M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS -^ }
Clalrvcyaht and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble.dlscontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affair*
o* life; 25c up; perfect batisf action guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 20: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail;- send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARXDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future: never falls; has the greatest
• Egyotlan secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 2i5V4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born 'with double veil — second Mght;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. Elt. $1 50. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
suits. K>: Kearny. r. 5, 6; hrs. 10 to 12.1 to 7.
ISMAR. the Egyptian pypsy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MME. HANSQN, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 14.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant water
reader. II 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
* 1st and card reader: 25c up. 7 Seventh st. >;
MME. SCHAFFEK. .clairvoyant., card .reader:
sittings dally. 44SVS Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
CLAIRVOYAXTS— Continued. \^
YOUNG MISS ZEMDAR. clairvoyant ; names
given; L.. 50c; G. $1. 1203 Market, cor. Eighth.
MME. AUGUST. - clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: /truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLE VXIXG.'
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-3eat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister st;/phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, rr.gr.. 3S-4O Sth St.; tel; South .250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating, and P.eno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
. TON, 3 Eighth et. ; telephone Jessie, 944 >
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
' Gate *ve. ; telephone East 126^ . ¦ : . ¦ ¦
CHIROPODISTS.
TOR^sT^biinTcnsr^ngrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEO^G^^vTKELLY^Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES ' TO • LET.
FURNISHED cottage at Larkspur, Marin Co.;
6 rooms (with piano) for 4 or 5 months. For
particulars inquire of C. W. RICE. Larkspur,
or at the Larkspur Saloon, 3228 Twenty-sec-
ond St.. San Francisco^ ._•_
$6— HOUSE. 4 rooms, worth $12, in heart of
city, near Mission and Thirty-fourth. Ap-
ply 64 Silver St.. off Third. ¦
COTTAGE of 3 rooms; water; rent $S. Apply
Jersey and Sanchez sts.
DEXTISTS.
A^^e"ELE^TRO*-"DENTAirCLIXIC, SOD Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions tree, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, - the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $."); full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth."
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when . plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build-up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
• and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments,
j Office 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
i EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
' wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years.
j experience: no students; advice free; prices
! cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
| DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
MKYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
alr;crowns;brldgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALS H. 815^4 Geary , nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll3>.
DR. H G TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 569 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. . . DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk St.
i DRESSMAKERS -AND SEAMSTRESSES
I MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEOX pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing ami bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Fhorthand; reportori*l phrasing taught; prac-
I . tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
I HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical nnd mining engineering, etc: day
& night sessions: new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
r '& eve.; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50: Individual
Instruction; positions secured catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professo'r. Phelan building.
I CALIFORNIA BUSINE?S COLLEGE has posi-
! tlons guaranteed to it*by written contract and
I can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
! tions tc all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
i ENGINEERING — Civil, elec..mlning,mech.,sur-
\ vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64.\ Van
| der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costE only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. . l
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARU.-exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bids.: Individ instruction: catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 100S Mission st. ¦
ARITHMETIC, bookksf ping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH lessons; new, practical method. 568
: Mission St. ' . /
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
NEW office; Italian, American and French em-
ployment office— Wanted— Cooks, waiters and
all kinds of workingmen. A. BALDASSI &
CO..' 206 Mcntcomery ave. ¦ •*.....*
JAPANESE EmDloyment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help; send men a». short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larktn 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help . of all kinds;
I cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
j, AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
| JAPANESE, central houyecleaning & employ-
I ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203. •
i —
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Of fits— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 428 Powell. nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Bert heln. 411^ O'Farrell st: tel. East 426.
I 'EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.
j TIRST-CLASS cook desires situation;, under-
stands American, English cooking in all their
branches: refs. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter:
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse desires situa-
• tlon; best city references: city or country.
* MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter. St. ".
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner: can do most .any kind of work; good
references:" wages $1 per . day and car fare;
good- washer flannels. 726 Mission, downstairs.
GOOD, willing woman wishes situation . to do
general housework in city or short distance
in country; a good cook andAlaundress. 270
Jessie st .
NEAT girl wants general housework and plain
cooking. Please call at 4227 Nineteenth st,
above Castro.
NORWEGIAN girl wants general housework.
Call XZZ'Vt Stevenson St., bet. Twelfth and
. Thlrteentl^ ' ¦- - -
YOUNG • lady would like position as stenog-
rapher and typewriter. Address M. S., 149
Tenth et. _;_ . . .
WOMAN wishes to do housework by the, day.'
127 Second et. ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ - ' - - - . "
GOOD laundress wants washing and ironing
to do at her, own home! '511 McAllister at.
TWO sisters wish places 'In country not far
from city: wages $20 and $25.' Call at 12
Rltch st, off Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth."
INVALID nurse, working housekeeper;- any
position of trust; good reference. 202 Perry
St.. near Fourth. .' - ' ¦ ' '
¦WANTED — Housework by woman of. 45 years.
Call or address MRS. D., 304 Stockton st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
¦ ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$S week; convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
. and baggage to and lrom . ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisernents and subscriptions
receives at Call brancii office,' 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has beer, established at 10S6
Valencia st. ' .
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— -MALE.
WANTED— By a temperate young, man with
practical experience, situation as watchmar ;
best of references as to character and ability.
Box C73J. Call office. -
SITUATION wanted by first-class coachman 30
vears old: last place 10 years, . Chicago. Ad-
dress CLARK & WARD; 1073^ Market St.. or
453 Eighth st. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by mlddle.-aged barkeeper
in country hotel; references. Address D.
LOVETT. 16 Fifth st . - • - <
EMPLOY3IEXT! WASTED— MALE^
WANTED— A position In a wholesale hard-
ware, grocery, drug j or dry goods -house by
a young man, 19 years of age, to learn the
business; resides with his parents and. well
connected: salary no object:- Industrious and
ambitious ; can ' furnish highest references.
Address box 3712, Call office. ....
MAN ¦ of first-class education, varied business
experience In Europe and America, seeks em-
ployment; speaks and writes English, French
and German- fluently; good penman, book-
keeper, mathematician, draughtsman; willing
to act as secretary, wait on Invalid, work
about house, anything. . Box 3713. Call office.
DENTIST— Young dentist with 7 years' experi-
ence and all-round man would like to go
In partnership with elderly dentist; either city
or country. Address Dentist, 200 McAllister.
CHEF, competent in all j branches. _ wants
, position; hotel or ' restaurant ; first-class city
reference. Address Peterson, 402 O'Farrell.
DRUMMER wants a side line. 72 Ninth st.
SITUATION wanted by temperate young man,
married, good habits, to look after plumhing,
gas heating,' electric bells, locks, etc.; wining
to make himself generally useful about a ho-
tel, .public building or private place; steady
position desired ; best of references furnished.
Box 8721.. Call office. • " .
WANTED- By married -. man, no children,
steady position .. as blacksmith; good all
around t smith; city or country. SS76 Silver
6t.. near Thirty-f ighth. ' Oakland. • , .
SITUATION as manager oh gentleman's estate;
thoroughly i competent; 11 years in last cm-
ploy. Box 3S01..Call office. .
STRONG young German, wants to do any
. kind cf .work; knows how to take car« of
' horses. 325 O'Farrell st. . . .
YOUNG man wishes a position as bartender;
can speak French and English; Is a musi-
cian. SIS Pacific Et.- . i ' -
YOUNG honest Japanese boy wants situation
as schoolboy In the city. Address T. SUGU-
KAWA, 113 Church st
A COLLEGE graduate, strong and honest,
seeks position of any kind. Box 3732, Call. .
POSITION wanted; a' first-class upholsterer; In
or outside work. - Box 3730, Call office. - ¦
COOK wants situation in country, hotel or
restaurant. . 401 Van Ness ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sub?erlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. " . * ' "
'¦ FINANCIAL. i
™ ~~
I OFFER FOR SALE
' Unimproved and income city property; gllt-
edge bonds and stocks . of electric, gas, rail-
road and industrial corporations; money to
j loan; Investments made; bank references;
correspondence soliciteQ.
T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
; ' . Room 40, 310 Pine st.,
•" San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
A — CLEAN, sunny, modern 5 rooms, bath; nice
garden. $20. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
A SNAP— ?S; clean bay-window, 3 rooms, north
of Market. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st:
A SUNNY modern 6-room flat; storeroom. 29
Elgin Park. -
DOLORES, S22, near Twenty-second— 6 • sunny
rooms; no ' children.
FLAT, 5 sunny rooms: good yard and modern
improvements. 622 Minna st, near Seventh.
HAIGHT. 459A, near Flllmore— Flat of 4
sunny rooms and - yard; basement; laun-
dry; $12.
HANDSOME . flat, 6 rooms and • bath. 1210
Scott St., near Eddy. '
MODERN upper flat of 6 rooms, bath and mod-
ern improvements. 637'^ Natoma st.
NEAR City Hall; fine sunny top flat, 6 rooms
and bath. 12 Grove st
*NICE clean sunny flat, 7 rooms, all newly
renovated. 442 Sixth St., near Harrison.
SEVENTH, 336— Middle tl/t of 7 rooms and
bath; modern: rent reasonable.
$0— THREE rooms. 5 Bonlta St., off Polk, bet.
Vallejo and Green.
$11 50— REAR; sunny 5 rooms: 2-story house.
2510 California st; apply middle flat.
$17 50 — FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. 571 Hayes
st, near Laguna; no small children.
$13—3 rooms, , on first floor: large basement
underneath and yard. 812 Ellis St.. nr. Polk.
FLATS TO LET Furnished.
A NICELY furnished flrit; 7 large sunny rooms;
' fine marine view. 1313 Leavenworth st.
FLATS WAXTED.
SUNNY fur. • or unfur. flat or house; 6 or 6
rooms; state rent. L. L., box 3724. Call.
; FCRXITURB FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in cak. $1S P0, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE and carpets 5 rooms, $49; must
; be sold; flat $17. 1007% Folsom st. • ¦ .
FURNITURE of 5-room cottage for sale cheap.
. 11C9 Valencia st.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves: give us a trial. 1114 Mission Et.
FUIIXITUR.E WASTED. -
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpels,
: etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER • John Elder, 22 Kearny. buys &
- sells your bus. ;merchandise,fur., carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdie., etc., see J.A.
. Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. : tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkln: tel. Polk 694;
furniture ft furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, carpets,
, pianos, etc. H35 Market st: tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.....
Waitress, first-class commercial hotel. .$22 50
Chambermaid, same place, fare paid ....$20
2 waitresses, same hotel, country $25
Waitress, Petaluma $20
Waitress, Dixon : - '•¦t-^
Waitress, Uklah, fare paid ;....$25
Waitress, institution ;.---' $25
10 waitresses, city, restaurants & hotels. $20-$30
2 chambermaids to wait, city ...'. $20
Cock. for a few boarders, Oakland $30
2 cooks, boardlr.g-houses, city $30-$25
Masseur for baths, city '430
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .-.- :
Lady's maid and do plain Bewing. $20-$2o
Cook, small American family, San Rafael. .$30
B second girls, city J25-J2O
50 house girls, city and country.... $23-$10
. Nurse girl, small children • « 12
Cooks, house girls, nuise girls, second girls...
7....: $30-$10
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
WOMAN for washing and ironing, 2 days a
1 week; steady place.. ".......
C. R. HANSEN & CO --104 Geary St.-
A WOMAN to superintend cooking in a camp
where there Is a cook for fifteen men; South-
ern California -and free transportation; $40
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS. PoSnt Reyes. $22 50. -
Infant's nurse, $25. •
Restaurant cook, $9 per week; no
Sunday work.
Waitress and lunch counter girl,
railroad eating-house, Utah, .
$25 eachi - fare here.
j Housework, Mountain View, $25.
Chambermaid and waitress,
Fresno County, $25, fare paid.
40 housework girls, city and
country, $15 to $30. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ; *¦¦".
A — HOTEL ¦ GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room
12— Waitress for Colorado, $20, ¦ half -rate
1 ticket; chambermaids and waitresses, city, $20.
WANTED— Bright, intelligent lady under 30,
pronounced brunette, as demonstrator at Pan-
American Exposition, Buffalo. N. Y. ; $10 a
week and expenses. Call Tuesday, 2 to 4 . at
room S7, Lick House. ¦ - .
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
- CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st . . . ".'; '.
A TAILORESS on custom coats wanted;
steady work; well paid. 214 Seventh st. :
WOMAN to. cook, .wash, assist with general
housework; for country; wages $20. 823 Turk.
WAIST and . skirt hands wanted. 1913 Sacra-
mento st. . . ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. 10CO Har-
rison st, corner . Sixth. -
YOUNG girl to assist In . family of *; may
sleep at home. 1765 Ellis St.'
SMALL girl by a small • family to assist in
general housework; $12. 2825 Twenty-fourth.
WANTED — Nurseglrl 15 years ¦¦ or over. : 1629
Golden Gate ave. ', • • . '.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at '321- Ellis . st* -,-..
GIRL for cooking and' light housework; wages
$15. 1214 Eddy st. "
WANTED— Girls to learn tailoring; paid while
. learning. 71S Larkin Bt. • .
GIRL for general . housework. 1235 Geary St.,
1 corner Gourh.' • . ~ -
WAXTED — F *™ A *£^z£52?~~
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ..Phone Main 1575
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress. - summer resort, $30; 2 wait-
resses, same country hotel, near - city, $20,
fare paid ; 10 waitresses, different, city and
¦ country, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to wait,
' $20; 2 cleaners, institution. $20.
....::..... FAMILY DEPARTMENT :
Swedish- or German cook. $30; houseglrl, 2 In
; family, Alameda, $25; housegirl, Berkeley,
choice place, $25, see ladies here; many others..
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on colored
work. DAVIS. SCHONWASSER & CO., 134
Post st. T '
NEAT and steady girr for general housework:
,,8mall washing and cooking: wages $25. 1009
'vDolorcs st.. near Twenty-third.
WANTED— Young girl. German preferred, to
assist in caring for 2 children. 2930 Sacra- |
mento st.. corner Broderick.
GIRL for general housework; good wages.
907 Devlgadero St.' - • ¦
GIRL to assist In light homework. 931 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on men's custom
coats; wages paid. 545 Minna St. -
COMPETENT girl, small family; wages $20.
Call after 9, 719 Cole st.
PANTS finishers and pants operators wanted.
124 Turk st.
WANTED— Lunch waitress, or steady if suited.
631 Clay st.
GIRL for light housework. 128 Bartlett St.,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist in general house-
work. 134 Hayep st. .
W ANTED— A good girl for cooking and gtneral
housework; good wages. Call at 3601 Clay st.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats. 927
Market St.. room 623.
SALESLADY for suits and waists wanted; only
such as have had experience in these lines
I could nil the position. Address L. F., box
3723, Call office. ¦ . _^
RE IABLE house has position for good. keen,
mil lie-aged business woman; no canvassing;
adv .¦ ncement.. Box 3770. Call office..
YOUNG girl 16 or over to assist In light house-
work; German preferred; good home; steady
place. Address B.. 1941 Mission st.
WANTED- First-class trimmer in millinery de-
partment. Apply HALE BROS., 979-9S7 Mar-
ket st.. before 11 a.' m.
HAIRDRESSING taught In 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdressing College, 574 Geary-
MILLINERY taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured; when competent; eve's:, classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College. 574 Geary st.
'A GIRL with a little experience on coats. In-
qulre 935 Market St.. room 14. .
WANTED— First-class tailoress on pants. Ap-
ply 248 State st.. near Douglass.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats. 455% Minna
street. ¦ . /
OPERATOR on pants; steady work. 83 Third
street.
WANTED— Woman to do housework by the
day. 9S4 Folsom St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED— An' experienced finisher for ladies'
tailoring. 524. Post st. -
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; steady
work; good wages. 40 Ellis st., room 14. •
WANTED— Good experienced apprentice girl' on
fine coats. 334 Kearny St., room • 9.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Call
after 9 a. m. at 2061 Mission st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia »t.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.7Trr?pliolle~~Marn~5S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT— 7 A. M.. MONDAY
1165 men wanted for different positions— all
parts of the State— wages from $25 and found
to $105
CARPENTERS and MECHANICAL HELP
"3 carpenters. Sawmill Co $75
Millwright, $4 day; ranch carpenter; 10 rough
carpenters, city,- $2 50 and $2 75 day
Painter and paperhanger $75
. 2 carriage painters, $1 fare $50 and found
Blacksmith, country shop $2 50 day
4 ranch blacksmiths $40 and $45
G blacksmith helpers, city ' and country;
hourseshoer, country shop, $2 75 day
TO THE MINES
2 Eurlelgh drillers, fare paid.: $2 50 day and fd
Machine miner, see boss here $75 and found
Furnace man for mine $.60
25 laborers, different mines, $35 and $30 and
found .:.;
LABORERS
. 5 laborers, city work $175 day
10 laborers, no experience required, sawmills,
woods and yards ...."
FARMS AND DAIRIES
6 men to work in hay field, $28 and $30; 17
' farmers for . orchard, vineyard and grain
farms „.... ; $30 and $26
11 choremen and choreboys $25, $20 and $15
2 milkers, . same dairy, fare $1 ;...$30
16 milkers, different places $35 and $30
2 dairymen, private place.... $30
6 boys, city 'factory I. ..$5 to $6 week
4 boys to learn trades.;
Man and wife, small country resort, easy
place, S40: 3 farmers and wives, $45 and $40.
• MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Clay st.
A— STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper. Lumber
Co., country position $60
MURRAY & READT. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTELS RESTAURANTS, etc
Cook, city restaurant, no night or Sunday
work, $50; cook, country hotel. $10 week; 16
other cooks, $45, -$40 and $35; 33 waiters, $35.
$30 and $25; fry cook, $60; 4 bakers. $50, $43 and
{40; 16 kitchen hands; shop butcher; saloon
porter. $30 and found; clerk for bakery. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED
3 drillers, quarry mining company $2 a day
Car 'man for mine $2 a day
Harness-maker for ranch $S0 and found
Carriage blacksmith $3 50 a day
2 coopers, slack work $35 and found
Coachman and assist gardener.. $40 and found
Machinist and lathe hand for Oregon........
Portuguese milker $30 and free fare
German milker $30 and free fare
2 butter-makers, small places $35
Milker for Haywards, see boss here
Candy maker and clerk, country- .....$30
Head lineman for woods $60
Spooltender for woods $45
Fry cook, city $60
2 woodchoppers, tools and grub and f ai e paid
Pastry cook, city $40
2 milkers, same ranch. $30
Cheesemaker $35
Farmers, orchard and vineyard hands, $26,
and 100 others. • - Call and see us.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 1S5
• RAILROAD WORK.
Headersmen and drillers, big tunnel $2 50
Teamsters and laborers, Uklah..:..... $2
Free fare free fare
3 millwrights, $4 a day; 3 carpenters, $3 a
day, for country sawmill; 10 laborers to build
railroad in the woods, ¦ $26 and board, see
boss here: 2 milkers, north, $30; 2 milkers,
•Orecon, S30 and fare paid, see boss here;
farmers, $25 and $26
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Chef, country • hotel, $100; second 1 cook for
club, $95: fry cook, restaurant, $65; second
cooks, fryers and broilers, $50 to $60; cake
baker, $50: 10 dishwashers and kitchen hands,
$25 and $30: 6 waiters. $25 and $35; all-around,
laundryrnan. Institution, $50.
C. R. HAXSEN & CO... 104 Geary »t>
ENGLISH or Scotch coachman, - $30 and found:
man and wife, private family, $50: 3 farmers
and wives, $40 and ?45; milker and wife, $50;
milkers for Humboldt, San Benlto, Sonoma,
Solano and Mendocino counties. $30 and $35;
farmers.' $25. and $30; 2 chore boys, $15 and
found; boys for wine cellar. $5 week; man
about place, $25; American milk wagon
driver, $30 to $40 and found; young German
to "drive milk 'wagon, $25 and found; team-
sters,' $1 day and board; woodchoppers, tle-
•- makers and many others. J. F. CROSETT
. & CO., 62S Sacramento st. ¦ • ¦:' -." ;
¦WAITER and wife, private family, $50: deli-
catessen man. $40 and board: fry cook, .$65;
second cook, $12 week; cook, small hotel. $40;
pie baker. $12 week; hotel and restaurant
waiters, dishwashers; saloon porter and
waiter. $30. and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., CIS Sacramento st. - . •
A— WANTED— Youth fcr our office: $5 a week
and increase. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room
12—2 Colored waiters, $30; • bellboys, $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. , I. LESS. Secretary-
WANTED — Active short order and dinner cook^
single.. $60 per month and found. Address
C. WALLSTAB. Wadsworth. Nev.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD
• CO., . 718 Market et. ../../ '--.-;•
PANTS presser wanted: good wages: steady
work. 1000 Harrison st.',,v.corner Sixth. :
2 STRONG boys wanted. ' 152 New Montgom-
ery st . t ¦¦¦¦'-• •':-¦»
PRESSER: also a foreman who can take
charge of vest shop. H. HILP, 106 Battery.
WAKXED— Errand boy. 2009 Flllmore st
WANTED — Dlemaker. locksmith or vise hand.
W.H. GUTZMAN. 17C6 Dwight way, Berkly.
WANTED — Man to carry advertising sign on
.street.: Call 242 Kearny st. •-- -
PANTSMAKER wanted; boy to work in store
.'and do errands. Apply at 408 . Kearny st.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con;
WANTED for' U. S. Army-Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and *»•««-
zens cf United Slates, of good character and
temperate habits, -who can »P«* k '. "*° H ".„
write English. Recruits specially desired tor
sen-Ice in Philippines. For Inf ormattoni apply
to Recruiting Ofncer. 121 New Montgomery
St., . San Francisco. Cal. ¦ ¦ •
EXPERIENCED cleaners an"d pressers at-****
Golden West Clothing Renovatcry. 1- Mont-
gomery st. < ¦_ ;
GOOD-SIZED boy. living at home. Golden
West Clothing Renovatory. 12 Montgomery st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady job; good Hours.
1304U Valencia st. i '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. l3t and 2d sts.
WANTED— Man to work around private place.
Adams Hotel, 1413 Harrison st.
PANTSMAKER wanted. 113 Hayes at.
!___ ___ ¦
2 LUNCH waiters. 5S2 Sixth st. .
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 17 Washington st.
FARBER of about 1 or 2 years' experience;
no objection to wages. 29 Ninth st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor; custom coats; steady
work; good wages. 40 Ellis st., room 14.
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 217 Fourth st.
MAN. upright character, to manage business
of established house; $18 per week & expen-
ses, payable weekly from headquarters; ex-
pense money advanced; aermanent; refer-
ences. Standard House. 324 Caxton bldg..
Chicago- ' • -_
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33;
not less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6
feet 1 inch; able to read and speak English.
For further information apply at the Recrult-
ing Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN— Our catalogue explains ft>w we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no &c shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap Imitations. -
A GOOD paying 2-chalr barber shop and bath
in- best mining town In the State; rent $15.
HENRY FALK. Angels Camp. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED for an insurance office, a bright
boy. must live with his parents: self-written
applications, with references. Box 3751. Call.
FIRST-CLASS waiter for hotel lunch counter
In Nevada; wages $40 per month and found.
Address Depot Hotel, Wadsworth. Nev.
BARBERS wishing to see latest, most practi-
cal revolving chair called Autoback. call
STOLTZ'S Barber Supply House, 723 Market.
WANTED— Men for salt works; $1 50 to $2 BO
/ dally; free fare. Address CARTER'S Salt
Works, Los Angeles, Cal.
COOK for boarSlng-house. 739 Fourth st.
COATMAKER wanted for Philadelphia Pants
House. 997 Market St., room 218.
COOPER wanted to make half-barrels; steady
job. "M Commercial st. '
GET vour shoes half-soled while waitlnr; 25c
to EOc. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WAGON blacksmith, and helper wanted at 103-
105 Fremont st.
WANTED — A good reed worker. H. J.
SCHMEHL. 204 Valencia st.
CHEF •who c^n handle busy kitchen. Apply
bet. 8 and 10 a. m., restaurant 2C6 McAllister.
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. BELASCO-
, HARRIS CO., 541 Market st. \
COATMAKEES. pants and vestmakers for
country. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Suttef st.
MATHEMATICAL instrument maker wanted.
Box 2954. Call. '
WANTED — 600 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soiing 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 i*t week, men's suits to
order./ NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
ABOUT two more agents wanted at 347 Third.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School, 7-UA Howard st.
"WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stauart St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from'ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received.' nt Call branch office. 220O Flllmore at.
HORSES AXD WACOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness, i Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A — 100 SETS second-band harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreyb, horses. 1140 Folsom.
FOR Sale — Stylish driving horse that lady can
drive. Metropolitan Stables. 1315 Stockton st.
S SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in good
order for. sale. 377 Sbotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, -harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy.
• light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICELY fumiahed house of 10 rooms and bath,
conservatory, etc.; sunny and very desirable.
. 524 Fillmore tt., near McAllister, i G. H.
UMBSEN & CO. '
CORNER of Seventh and Howard sts; 7 sun-
ny rooms and bath ; hot and cold water.
TO let— New house, 6 large rooms, bath, base-
ment: mod, impts. 1222 Steiner. cor. Eddy.
¦ HOUSES TO LET FtRSISHED.
AN 8-room house; well furnished; piano; nice
yard;-1512 Howard St.; $40: get permit from
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 3 rooms and
-bath; Oakland; $1S. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
room 2.
FOR 3 months, from May 1. comfortably fur-
nished homa of 8 rooms and bath. Apply
2918 Jackaon st. any day before 2 p. m.
HOUSES TO LET SAX RAFAEL.
TO LET— Large house 'occupied at present as
boarding-house; large flower garden . and
kitchen; plenty of fruit; will sell furniture;
easy payments; cheap rent for family. Ad-
dress A. R.. P. O.. Sap Rafael. Cal.
HOUSES WAXTED.
-MODERN, stylish, well-furnished house. 8
rooms or larger, by responsible parties: 6
\ months or longer; inoderate rent. Box 3705,
Call office. ¦
HOTELS TO REXT.
FOR rent, cheap — Hotel of 32 rooms; near city.
Apply at Cozy Restaurant, 1005 Valencia st.
_ - ¦ LOST AXD FOUXD. ~
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers'
Association; No. 212-1240. The finder will
please return to bank. • '¦¦¦'/'.'}.
LOST — Between Emporium and 800 Ellis St., a
package wrapped in Emporium paper contain-
ing 1 pair shoes and 2 corset covers. Return
to SCO Ellis st. - -
LOST— Dog, foot of Market St., April 3. brown
water spaniel, long ears, rat tail; $5 reward
W. R. JENKINS. 314 California 8t.
LOST— On way to San Rafael (10 o'clock boat)
solitaire diamond, scarfpin; liberal reward!
Jewelry store, 141 Post st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Franclaco. in
the name of MRS. ANNIE LAVARONI ot
JOHN B. LAVARONI. No. 171-231. The
finder. will please return to bank.
LOST OR STOLEN— White pointer dog. red
spot on top of head between ears and on
back. Return 447 Bay st.; liberal reward.
LOST— 2 greyhound bitches; one fawn and one
black. • Return 335 Fell st. ; reward.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 348 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Masoa
'A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HATRIMOMAL. *
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladle;
. send lOo for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st
MATTRESSES AXD UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery ; telT South 792^
to . order or renovated." feather and hall
"cleared; expert carpet cleaning: strictly reli-
¦ able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
RT. GERMAIN HYGIENIC HOSPITAL.
When you become convinced that doctor* can
do your case no good, and that your system is
becoming more and more weakened by the
rostrums and deadly drugs prescribed for you.
"Throw physic to the dogs
and try the HYGIENIC TREATMENT as ad-
ministered by ST. GERMAIN. No dosing, no
drugs, simply a marvelous regime by which
the forces of life are availed of. the body
placed in attune therewith and nature permit-
ted to reassert itself.
It is marvelous the astonishing recoveries
that result— generally in three weeks— consump-
tion, rheumatism, piles, neuralgia, lead poison-
Ing, ulcers, eld sores. THE STUBBORNEST
THINGS.,
St. Germain does npt practice -medicine or
surgery— simply HYGIENICS. Corner Howard
and Eighteenth sts. Ready May 1.
A— RENOWNED specialist; *hose who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
, helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnats
' cases are Immediately relieved without palir.
no other treatment will do this; the mo«t dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Markt.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 12C8 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years'- practice; all ca3es treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cura
guaranteed at office;, patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat Jhem-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Homa
Treatment; harmless; consultation free.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market -at., nr.
6th— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and durins
confinement 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to 1113 Market
St.. bet. Taylor and Mason; ladles' specialist.
ALL cases of female complaints cured; expert
for 37 years. Dr. V. Popper. 323 Kearny »t.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. bet. Masoa
and Taylor— Reliable ladies' specialist.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
Montezuma Copper and CoaL
Montezuma Copper and CoaL
Has it ever occurred to the reader of the«»
advertisements that the Montezuma Mining Co.
lias by reason of its new coal leases, an lm-
ir.ense advantage over any other mining com-
pany -less favorably situated? Such is the fact.
The Montezuma Company will mine Its own
coal make its own coke and burn that coke in
Its own smelter, thus reducing operating ex-
penses to the minimum. At the same time it
¦will escape the probable exactions of the smelt-
"The Montezuma Mining Co. Is selling stock
to continue development on Its 24 copper prop-
erties and to build a smelter on Its own lands.
Over 40 men are working on the copper and
coal properties.
If you don't know it now you will one day
awake to a realization of the fact that "Cop-
per is King," and that the Montezuma Is in
1 a position to richly reward for a lifetime the
holders of its stock. We have in our office the
copper ores, the coal, the coke- and printed
matter containing valuable information.
Our special excursion for Tacoma and Seattle-
will leave San Francisco Juna 15. Send for
excursion folder.
For a short time the stock is offered at loo
per share cash or 12c per share on Installments.
Any amount will be sold for cash, but not less
than 500 shares on the installment plan. In-
stallment terms— 500 shares, $6 down and {3
monthly: 1000 shares. $10 down and $10 monthly:
larger quantities at proportionate prices: 3000
shares. $50 down and $12 monthly, including
free round-trip excursion ticket.
Did vou ever before hear of a mining com-
pany that was willing and anxious to show it*
properties to its shareholders, big and little,
and would pay the expenses of a trip to th»
mines? That's what the Montezuma will do.
Write for prospectus.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Financial Agents.
310 Safe Deposit building, corner California and
Montgomery sts.. San Francisco. Cal.
Telephone Main 5803.
MISCELLAXEOUS— FOR SALS.
' BOILERS, engines, ?d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
', BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
i 32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything Jn 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 10W. 1021. in33 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
¦ 8 H. P. STEAM boiler. $70; 5 H. P. steam br.,
$45; 5 H. P. motor. T65; Vi H. P. Hicks gas
engine, $3T>: lot of tents and bath tubs, cheap.
| LIVINGSTON. 558 Mission st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
' etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear «t.
' A BEAUTIFUL . cluster diamond horseshoe
scarfpin for $25: cost originally $30. UNCLE
1 HARRIS. 15 Grant- ave. :
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 807 Sansome St.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
• FRESH young Holstein cow; good milker; gen-
tle; sell or trade for dry cow. 83 Shotwell st.
' FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
| CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A— $3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
GAS, steam, oil and ruining machinery bought
J and sold. LrWngston, 553 Mission St.. nr. 2d.
• CANARY birds; choice stock; mala and fe-
[ male. 1377 Minna, tear 13th; upper flat.
FRESH family cow for' sale. 1423 San Bruno
ave., city.
' FOR SALE— 5 large tents. 12x18 feet; $12 50
apiece. O. WEINHOLD. Lombard and Lyon.
• 2C0 LIGHT marine set, directly connected: good
: shape; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
I J. BURKE, 139 Beala st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. E6 Bluxome.
, TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 010 Montg"y.
, FIRST-CLASS second-haud modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
. PHOTOGRAPHIC and manic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st-
. SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
I MAGIC lanterns, new asd 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & ERECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THE
i WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
i ——^ — — —
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
I -—' ¦-¦¦
' WANTED— To trade modern National cash
register (bronze) for one of same mak» with
tape 5c to $10 key. Address BEN HOWLAND
& CO., Ninth and Washington sts., Oakland.
; LADY wants furnished room near Post and
Grant ave. In exchange for mandolin lessona.
[ Box B. 300 Hayes st.
J TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
| theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; teL Folsom 2522.
• WANTED— A delivery horse for the board. Ap-
ply 629 Halght st.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
i A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
t afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc ; do
, not- borrow of your friends cr you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
: and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
- publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
• IF YOUR PROPERTY '
13 MORTGAGED
and you need more- money, see H. MURPHY,
! 630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc
• ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent; first.
• second mortgages, estates in probate. Intereat
I In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18, 1st floor,
. Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
1 ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
" gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
j where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
; st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$:00.000 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit In city:
$150,000 on large- ranches at fair rates: weeond
a mortgages. R. »J. MERCER. & SON, 412 Pine.
f LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prtvat»
8 party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
_ tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
1 HOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
a watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
_ highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
8 ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no> broker-
,." age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
!: CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building.
. 3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal:
no commission: private. Room »*. S Eddy st.
- LOANS. i»i or 2d mtgs: city, country. 6%, undl-
s _v1ded ints. ; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.
m MONEY loaned salaried people-without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
• LOANS.cn salaries without indorser or »ecur-
£ lty; Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
- $1CO.OCO TO loan on real estate or for bunding;
- low rate. 222 Sansome St., . room X.San - Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
59; minimum, 45; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND' GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally clear weather prevails in Califor
nia and the western portions of Washington
and Oregon. Blsewhere west of the Rocky :
Mountains the weather is cloudy. and threat
ening.) Light, showers have occurred In North
eastern Washington and. Western Montana, anil
snow Is falllnc at_ Helena. '.:-'
The pressure - has fallen ' over the Pacific
Slope during the past twenty-four hours and
there has been a rise along the Canadian
boundary in the Dast twelve hours. An area
of high pressure is central- off the Washington
coast, while the lowest pressure Is reported
from Arizona. - ¦ .-- • '" ¦¦'¦
The temperature has fallen over. Eastern
Washington and Montana and risen over Utah'
and Wyoming. " ¦.''.''
Conditions are favorable for showers over the
plateau region Monday, probabiy'extendln-g to
the western foothills of the Sierras. - ' . :
Forecast made at San Francisco for. thirty
hours ending midnight,' April 15, 1901: !*
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday,
probably with . showers in the. foothills of the
eastern portion; brisk northerly wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy. Monday,
probably with showers In the mountains;' fresh,
west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday, probably ! with
showers; fresh northerly wind: colder. .
Utah—Cloudy Monday, m-obably with, show
ers; colder; fresh northerly wind;
Arizona — Cloudy,- with ; showers Monday;
San " Francisco" and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday, with fog in the morning; brisk west
wind. . G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official. ¦
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14, 1301—5 p. m. !
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date,
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty
four hours: .
Weather Report.
— ¦ «
Burial of Noted Savant.
, LEXINGTON, Ky.. April li.— The body
of Professor John A. Myers, a noted
chemist and: scientist; who died at San
Francisco last Monday, was buried here
to-day. He was once a professor in Ken
tucky University and later ¦was connected
with: the ¦ West Virginia experiment- sta
tion. He was the representative in Amer
ica of, the : North Nitrate Company of
London.
ident , of ' the board of ' directors of the
Atchison. To'peka and Santa Fe Railroad,
were held to-day at the West. End Colle
giate Church^ ihe pallbearers were John
G. McCullogh of the Erie Railroad;:Gen
eral H. Ie Burnett* United States District
Attorney: GeneiaLE. H. Rlpley, President
Charles M; Huys of the Southern Pacific,
Victor, Marawetz, George H; Paven, K,
Summerhays and Frederick B. Jennings.
After the service the body, accompanied
by the widow and: other immediate mem
bers of the family, was taken to Rutland,
Vt.. for Interment. :
TOPEKA, Kans., April 14.— Benjamin P.
Cheney of ; Boston will, in the- opinion of
some of the officials at the general offices
here of the j Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe, succeed. the late Aldace • F. .Walker as
chairman of the executive committee of
the railroad : company.
Prominent Railroad! Man's Obsequies
: Attended by. His Late
: / Colleagues.
NEW YORK; April 14.— Funeral services
over the body of Aldace F. Walker, pres-
FTTNEHAIj SEH VICES HELD
¦ OVEli. AXBACE T'. WALKEB,
THE SAN FRAJSTG1SCQ CAL.LV 1 MONDAY, APRIL ¦ 1^5; 1901;
9
Last I This I Last
24 Hours! Season. Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka | j .'
Red Bluff.
Sacramento
Son j Francisco.
Fresno- —
Independence '.
Salt Lufs Oblspo
Los Angeles
San Diego...:
— i-
I
44.43 • I 47.31
22.67 " »).o6
17.50 1C.40
IS. 99 17.89
10.3S 7.36
5.80 2.81
27. SS 15.2&
14.17 5.71
10.55 . 3.-41
Last I This I Last
24 Hours! Season. Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka | j .'
Red Bluff.
Sacramento
Son j Francisco.
Fresno- —
Independence '.
Salt Lufs Oblspo
Los Angeles
San Diego...:
— i-
I
44.43 • I 47.31
22.67 " »).o6
17.50 1C.40
IS. 99 17.89
10.3S 7.36
5.80 2.81
27. SS 15.2&
14.17 5.71
10.55 . 3.-41
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR— The
- Grand- Lodge and members, of the order will
meet: to attend the funeral of Sister Mary E:
Duncan,- P.* P., a charter member of the G.
L.. to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at'
Halsted & Co.'s undertaking parlors, 946 Mis-
sion street. iJ. T. WHITTEN, G..P;
H;-W. QUITZOW, G. S.
(CTFrlends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 631 Linden avenue, between Bu-
¦ chanan and Webster streets. Interment Haly
Cross Cemetery. ' .
TRIMBERGER— In this city, April 14.' 1901.
Alice Petrfea Trlmberger, beloved child of
Henry- Trlmbenter and the late Poletta
Trimberger, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years. . . ¦
(tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend' the- funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30' o'clock, from Gray's un-
dertaking I narlors, 641 Sacramento . street.
thence, to St. Mary's (Paul ist) Church, for
: services,' at 1- o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . ' . . . i
SHEA— In the City and County Hospital, April
" 14, • 1901^ Thomas W. Shea, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 33 years.
SULLIVAN- In this city, April 13, 1901. Ruth
Emily, dearly beloved daughter of Daniel F.
. . and Margaret. Sullivan, and beloved. sister of
Edna, Hazel and Helen Sullivan, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years 10 months and
'1 days. . " ' - ¦
:'' qulem, hirh '• mass . wilt • be • celebrated ¦ for the
i ' repose of hie soul, at 9 : o'clock. Interment
I Mount. Calvary Cemetery, ¦ . ¦ . .
SADLER— In this city. - April 14, 1901, Herr-
mann J,» Sadler, a native of Germany. ¦
SHAY— In this city, April 13. 1901, Daniel Shay,
j de*-ly beloved husband -of, Catherine Shay,
-, and ' father of James, John and Daniel Shay,
a native of the province of Munster, Ireland,
aged 66 years.- •' v - -. - .
• PEH8OXALS— Contlnned.
:•' ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per nlght;"$l 50 to $G per -week;
freec^bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
! SCHOOL to learn rtairdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring"; private lessons or clasD. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
J WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
I or " double, $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
" CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
• Ladles' & gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
' sold. J. Silverm'an. 984 Folsom;tel.Fol«om 1191.
; ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to ¦ Its natural color; SI; at all druggists.
- "KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather, wood
and photos, at alj first-class art stores.
) ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
» HORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. R*d. 136S.
? MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
J country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
i SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
» electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
) DR. LAMOTTEIS French Corn Paint, the best
i corn cure; 25c; all # drugglsts.
[ CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
j United States or Canada one year for $1.
MIYSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS. "
l DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of ttce and residence,
1021 Market Bt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
> 'sina MU -nosBrc III-SII 'aoyjo jb sibjuouitjso*
j was :Xpoq UBuinq axjj jo sasTsasjp i;b sjb^jj
, Xlinjssaoans Mo?oop qjau. 'niK OMO.VV "HQ
I . ¦
$12,000— FOUR new. up-to-date flats, near Park
I Panhandle; 5 and 6 rooms and bath
' each; rents $110; bank mortgage ' $S500.
$4500— A' snap; north Harrison, between Sth
and 6th; two 2-story houses of 6. rooms
: and bath each; rents $40.
I $6000 — Two new, up-to-date flats In 'Western
; Addition: 7 and 11 rooms and bath re-
j spectlvely; rents S55.
$7000— To close an estate; a bona-fide bargain;
'. a very fine residence, north sido Callfor,
' ¦ nla St.. near Buchanan; lot 27:6x132:6.
. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery
J St., room '3.
J SPLENDID bargains in Richmond; choice lots
• for saje at nearly one-half of the original
cost, with all street work done and ready lor
' building: payable In installments to suit; cars
passing In front; get your home, it Is cheaper
i than paving rent; only a few left. W. J.
[ GUNN. D30 California st. .
' REDUCED from $1300; must be sold within
! . 10 days: S12C0; 4 rooms, stable; well of water;
lot 114x25; street accepted by city; cement
\ sidewalk; plank side entrance. Owner, 415
I Twenty-ninth St.; Mission cars pass door.
| LOT In Mission— Corner. 25x90; excellent lo-
' callty; residence district; suitable for gro-
cery or other business; no opposition. 791
' Stevenson Bt.
1 MODERN l'A-story cottage; Just built 1 year;
' will be sold at a sacrifice; easy terms or cash.
For particulars apply 343 Lisbon St., near
China ave.
NEW office; real estate and fire insurance bro-
kers — Wanted — Lands and houses 'on sale and
rent. A. BALDASSI & CO., 206 Montgomery
avenue. •
1 FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern rejidence.
8 rooms and bath. In a desirable location
, near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and the
\ cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury. builder, 1333 Market.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park, :
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
: REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sal©
ONLY $12 50 per acre — 320 acres on the Ala-
meda Creek, Alameda County; good house, 9
rooms. 2 large barns, etc.; fenced and cross-
fenced; good stock and hog ranch; no waste
'¦ land: a genuine bargain and must be sold.
H. H. CRANE. SOS California st.
BARGAIN— «For sale or lease. 4*i acres: near
San Mateo; good soil: level; Improvements.
Call at 5 p. m. at 207 Church' st.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. by Call bldg.,
' sells hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc. Print-
ed 11-ts of farms and city property for sale.
. BARGAIN!'. BARGAIN— 50-acre farm nea-
Pleasanton, Alarocda County; all level land;
fronts on county road; house- barn, etc.: price
13750; luxuriant crop of hay; some sugar b.»ets;
will grrow alfalfa. H. H.- CRANE, DOS Cali-
fornia st. -- ,
' 1C0 ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
i a stock of merchandise. Address L. II. MON-
ROE. PlacerviHe. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
. -ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
! 2-STORY. 9 rooms; corner lot: modern and new;
$7."»00: offered 'for $5500, with all carpets; one-
third rash. ' «- • •« -s
2-story. S rooms, modern In all respects; now
house; corner lot; fine view; including carpets.
$4000. • *
23 large lots at a great bargain.
E. n. JUDD & CO.,
! < 1424 Park Bt/. Alameda.
, FOR sale— Cottage 3 rooms. J425. $200 cash;
corner lot 33x100. $300. terms; 2 choice lots,
Weber bt., will build to suit purchaser. J.
H. .YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park, st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$150— ACRE lots: 1*10 cash. balance So per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4.10— LOTS In the WheeTer Tract, w! cT
MOHAN & CO.. Lorln station and Schmidt
block. Berkeley. Ask for maps.
FKUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRl'ITVALB REAL ESTATE.
4 ACRES in 'choice fruit, 5-r. cottage, etc~T~for
salecbeap. Ad.C.Mlchel.Elmhurst, Alameda Co.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE of G^rooms; bath; reasonable to good
tenant: lP14^"Eleventh ave v East Oakland. '>
blocks from school. Apply at Eagle Cracker
and Biscuit Company. Eleventh st., near Mis-
sion, city.
OAKLAND PUHXITURE FOU SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schelihaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
U ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
A FLAT of 4 beautiful large rooms, wide hal?"
stationary tuba, with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; hot and cold water:
gas and telephone; new house; fine view;
healthy location: In a small, private family;
no children wanted; r«»nt reasonable. 4231
Twentieth St.. near Castro.
Bl'EN'A VISTA ave.. 449. near Frederick— 2
fur. or unfur. rooms or more; fine grounds.
CLARA. 166. near Fifth— 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $6 .per month.
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny • housekeeping room;
closets; stove; bath; private; $8 month.
GEARY, 1012 — I sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, with use of Lnth and telephone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
suite. 3 rooms, nicely furnished: gas.' bath.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1211A— 2 nice rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny basement suite; complete
for hcusekpg.: yard; laundry; $12; single, $6.
JACKSON, 324—2 sunny unfurnished rooms;
housekeeping; water free; ?3 50.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
room $3: housekeeping $9.
JESSIE, &6-s£ quiet furnished- rooms: house-
keeping or single.
LARKIN. 433— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 641—2 n'-w completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, phoner rent reas.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping
. rooms for a family; cheap rent. ¦ .
OAK. 119— Sunny basement room furnished for
housekeeping; stove;, yard; $4. .
PINE. 704— Front sunny suite; folding bed-; gas
stove; {12 50; also elnsle. $6. . •
SIXTH 541— Front and back parlor for house-
keeplng. $10; single room. $4. - .':. -.,.*;-
STOCKTON; 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. . ;
VAN "NESS- ave.. 798. cor. Eddy — 4 • furnished
¦ rooms,' consisting of 2 bedrooms, with folding
beds: dlnlr.jr-room. kitchen: bath. gas. tele-
phone; no children: references; $30.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bus been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t- " -
OCEAN THAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
MEW YORK. 6OUTHAEPT0N, L0XD0H, PARIS.
Stopping st Cherbourg, Westbound. (
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis ..April 24| St. Louis ....May 15
New York :May ljNew York May 22
St. 1 Paul ....May S'St. Paul May 29
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington ....April 24 Southwark ......May 15
Zeeland May 1 Vaderland May 22
Friesland May 8. Kensington .....May 23
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO ElSf KAISflA.
OTEAMERS AVILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
v?ner First and Brannan streets, at I- p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting- at Hongkong v/ith steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.. .......Friday, May 3,1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday, May 29. 1001
SS. HONGKONG- MARU. Saturday, June 2&M01
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market Ptrct, corner Flrft.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
4_>Aan_>C & i»A' HAWAII, SAMOA, NEW
ES. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
- Zealand and. Australia
Thursday. April IS, 10 .-». m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.... -
Monday, April 22, 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only) .....
>¦-.-...;. .....Saturday, April 27, 2 p. nv
I D.SPBECKELS & BROS. CO., Baneral Agents. 327 Hariri Si
Bai'l Passenger Gffia, B43 Market St., risr Ho. I Pacfc St
.PAWMA.ltasTr--
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA: DIRECT.
Cabin, ?1O5; Ste*rajre. $40.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 20
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, May .6
S. S. ! sails Monday, May 2O
" From Harrlscn-st. Wharf, 2 p. ro.
Freight and passenger office, 230 Market st. ,
: F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast. Agent. /
•PACIFIC STEA8i : NAYi6Ati0fl CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA fE VAPO^E?
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican." Central
ar.d South American ports. Sailing Section 2,
Seatrall. 12 m. j -„-...*¦ : .
LIMARI .:...... Apr. 17JGUATEMALA .May- 15
PERU .." ....MaySiPALENA May 30
These steamers - are built expressly for Cen-
tral- and South 'American.- passenger service.
(No-change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
nnd passenger office. 3lU California streit.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. 'Agents.
"COXPAGHIE GENEEALE: TBAH3ATLAHTIQUE
LllKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -,V. .
--Sailing every Thursday. „ Instead of <gHf fPf^SL
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦*eP l f»
North River, foot of Morton street. -First class
to Havre/ $,"3 and upward. Second class" to
Havre, H> and. upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOU UNITED STATES and CANADA, a
Broadway (Hudson building). New -York. J. F.
FUGAZI,& CO.. Paclnc Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents, .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEU : 3il Grant avc^Best AoU
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; flrst-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; {125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1361)— Fur-"
nlshed rms., suites, tingle: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 8C3, bet. Mason and Taylor-*Nicely fur-
nlstred sunny rooms. ¦
EDDY, 329— A small, neatly furnished, sunny
back room; running water; $4 month.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22'Kearny St.' —
Tel. Red 2334 rooms. furoU'ied or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 725— Large sunny furnished room; Ger-
man family; $5 per month.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 730—1 large sunny front
room; 1 large sunny back room, suitable for
2; bath; private; German.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1211 A— One front room;
suitable 14h two jpntlemen.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission st?.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
METCALF place, 10, oft 'Geary, near Taylor-
Furnished rooms to let cheap. ...
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunuj lurnlshtsd rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week; mo,
O'FARRELL, 224— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms with modern improvements, . $1 75 . up
per week.
OTARHELL, 591— Nicely furnished front room,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
PINE. 9S6H. near Taylor— 3 nice rooms to let.
POST, 631— Large front loom, furnished, 19 for!
one, $10 for two persons; neither smoke nor!
drink in the house; Protestant Christians
preferred.
ROYAL Hcuse, 126 Kills— Incandescent- light;
reading-room,, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 3rc to $1 50; week, J2 to
}S; menth. $8 to $30: eltvator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and. cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 3l!>-321 Ellis Et.— Rooms,
night. 23c to SI: week, $1 23 to $4: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. •
SUNNY bay-window room with running water,
gas and bath. Apply 34 Eleventh st.
TAYLOR. 106-^-Llght airy rooms, $3 up; also
furnished housekeeping rooms.
THE BANGOR. 18 Ellis st.-'Newly furnished
rooms, en suite or single; permanent or tran-
sient.
TURK, 542— Furnished room; convenient for 1
or 2; private family.
VAN NESS, 830
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex SOT California Et.,' may
be found a most exceptionally good table, .at-
tractive and sightly ' rooms at modest rates.
A SMALL family (4 adults) have large, sunny
room: suitable for two persons; quiel. com-
fortable home. 1512 Franklin st.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Eleg. large
sunny rm; also single rms, with board; ref9.
BOARD with or without rooms In private fam-
ily. 129 Hyde St."
- . ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room, $3 or $4 month;
man. Box 3803. Call office. ¦ •
SPECIAL 3VOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake St.. Pan Francisco.
Cal.. has received the following orphan and
half-orphan girls from January 1 to April 1.
3901: Alice F. Defiis, 10 years; Eleanor Rob-
erts, 2 years 10 months: Mary Phillips. 7
years; Annie Sharman. 6 years: Harriet
Sharman, 8 years 4 months: Lillian L. Kos-
felt. 2 years 7 months; Bertha Koepu, 3
years 5 months; Pauline E. Oli«on. 9 years 5
months: Frances Follls. 10 years 6 months.
BAD tenants ejected fcr 14: collections made;
city or couotry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
415 Montgomery pt.. rooms 9-19; tel. 53SO.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 997 Market et.— La-
dles daring confinement w. 10 days' cut*. *2ft.
bEWIXG MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIKS.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charle6 Plambeck. 1P15 Mission,, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; aiicne^Black 1124. 203 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, renteJ./repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 Cth: phone Mint 5.
STAIILES TO LET.
TO rent— Coat yard; large barn, 15 stalls: suit-
able for milk dairy. 3353 Twentieth St.
STORAGE ASD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlng~CoT^
office. Post and. Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
HEKIN'S Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2?I0. Fillmore St.; pnone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mls-
e:o:i st; te!. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZB1IFITSS. J
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 732-2 large rooms for
storage: private.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITEUs-^We
?ell better machines for less money than any
hou.-we In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. .536 California; telephone Mnln 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice^Dividend 'no. 2O~7twenty^
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the of-
fice of the company. 327 Market St., San
Francisco, on and after Monday, April 15,
1901. Transfer books closed Wednesday,
April 10, 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m.*
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 90 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co., will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, on- and after Saturday. April 20,
1901. Transfer books close Saturday, April
13. 1901. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALSl
A^V1ER^^^MlENT^Ofn^e~oT~th^~ciiler 'eS-
gineer. Division of the Philippines Manila
P. I., March 1. 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m.. August 1. 1901, apd then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
lubble masonry In breakwaters, about 6,000, -
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pil« bulk-
hea.1 4700 feet long. ' Dredging In mud, pand
. end shells to a depth of thirty feet. .Dredged
material to be used /or reclaiming land
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) . In gold.
One contract . will ..bo made for the ! whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right-is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office, Bureau of
Insular AfTalrs. Washington. D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York. Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BlDDLE
Cantaln. Engineer*. - ¦
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,-
Birth, marriage and death - notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They mu*t be- handed
in at either, of the nubllc.it ion offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BAXTER— In this city. . April S,- 1901, to the
wife of John Baxter, a son.
GALVIN— In this city, April 14, 1901, to the
wife of John Galvln. a son.
WRATTEN— In this city, April 14. 1901. to the
wife of Frank L. Wrattcn. a daughter.
_______ — ~
DESSENS— MAILLET— In this city. April 14.
1901. by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the
Peace.. Josech Dessens of Mountain View,
Cal., and Berthe Malllet of San Franclsio. .
~~~ DIED. ~~~ ~~~
Barton, Thomas S. Lin? Chons
Becker.- Eleanor Macauley, Thomas J.
Boyd. Bedelia Molander, Constan-
Carden. Madeline tine D.
Connlff. John V. Newman. Mr«»s
Cormac. James R,' O'Connell. St. Daniel
Dexter. Hattle J. - O'Malley. Sister
Dittmer. Max S. Mary.L.
Doran. Catherine Phelps. William S.-
Ellis.- John Reilly. John D.
Elsoy. Charles Roach. Julia.
Ferris. James J. Russell. Thomas F.
Fink, William Sadler, Herrmann J.
Flanlgan. Patrick Shay.' Daniel
Hawn. John Shea. Thomas W. - —
Hayes. William J. Sullivan. Ruth K."- "
Hipgins. Patrick . Trimberg-er,' Alice P.
„ Langdon, Mrs. D. T. • . *
BARTON— In Alameda, April 14. 1901, Thomas
Sumuel. beloved husband of Louisa F. Bar-
ton, and father of Ralph Barton. .and brother
MWJW SAfcES
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE.
By Order of Assignee,
Of Contents of SALE AND LI VERT STABLE.
' ¦ • Located at - ¦
. lMLITOLSOM STREET.
THtTRSDAY.. ...'. April 18
At 11 O'clock...
Stock consists o£ 21 Work! and Driving
Horses, 10- Open Buggies, 7 Top Bug-
gies, 8 Carts, 4 Surreys. 2 Hacks. a
Top Rockaways, 2- Wa«on«U»S. J- Rub-
ber-tired Buggies. 1 O'Brien Patent Spring
Pneumatic Tire Road. Buggy, only used a few
times (cost $350 three months ago), hag pole
- and shafts; 40 Sets Work and Buggy Harness,
4 Saddles. 100 Extra. Collars. Lot Wheels, Top,,
etc. ; 2 Chests of. Tools.
' Sale rain or shine, as everything positively
must be sold on -this date.- .
¦ - ' S. WATKTNS. - Auctioneer.
fes fe? fc*
AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY.
1 MONDAY. April 15, at 11 a. m.. 40 head
BROKE HORSES. MATCHED TEAMS, sound
young horses from Modoc' County;, also some
fast: PACERS,. TROTTERS and; business
horses. Horses will be shown to harness be-
fore day of sale. OCCIDENTAL HORSE
EXCHANGE. No. 721 Howard <t.. near Third.
¦OCEAN; TRAVEL.
: Pacific -Coast. Steamship Co.
fe NOME
GOLDFIELDS..
THE STEAMSHIP
CLTY OE PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Franci sco May 26
Connecting at Seattle^ with the company's new
and splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
: The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, beine one of the first to arrive there,
landing all .her passengers and freight without
loss, mishaD or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE
4 New, Montgomery street. /
; GOODALL. PERKINST& CO.. Gen. A*ts..
i J^"^~ 10 Market street
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
f7v ' • Steamers.- leave Broadway
h^ wharf. San Francisco:
isSatj,^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
BSRaHfct: April 11, IB. 21.- 2«. May L
t E(wS£i»36Sak Change to company's steam-
EK'BBSjfxPa ers. at -Seattle.
Efl&tkflEfi^Kil For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
c.). Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^lW^ffln | Tacoma. Everett. Anacortos
U.« and New AVhatcom (Wash.)—
• '"ft- 11. a., m.. April 11. 16. 21. 2«.
May 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for. this. company's stoamers
for Alaska and G. IC. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma. to N. P. Rt.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
. For Eureka.. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April
13.- 18, 23, 28, May 3, and every 1 fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and. Redondo < Lbs An-
geles)— St»amer • Queen. Wednesdays. 9" a. m, :
steamer Santa Rosa; Sunday?. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ueoa. Port Harford (San Lute Oblapoi. Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Sa-n. Ped/o.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer Ba-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. to. , •
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. Pan Jose d«l
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. /
For further ' information obtain company's
foMers. '
The company reserves th» right- 1»- eh»Rxe
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
wlthnnt rr^vlon" «otlr«. • ¦ .
TICKRT OPTTICE— t New Montgomery
street (Palace JTotel>.
GOODALL, PERKTNS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Frandwcot
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Shcrt Rail Line from Portland to *11
points Enst. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamshiD and rail, at
LOWEST RATES r
Steamer tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. a May 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDRR. Sail* Apr. 8. IS. SS, May 9
E.. C. WARD. General Agent.
v - 1 Montgomery St.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAf.D AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., TUES.. WED., THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night): Fridays. 1 pi m. and 8:30 Sundays.
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and office. Mis-
slon->t. Dock. Pier So. 3. Telephone Main 1508:
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
~ ~~ Local Llm'd Ovrl'd| Local
Dally. Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a $:00 p j 4:20 p
Ar. Stocktcn.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:13 a
"Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
." Hanford... 4:22.p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia .- 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a. .-...
••¦ Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
'• Bksfleld.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
** Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. "
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying- Palace Sleeping ¦ Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for accommodation of local
flrst-class passengers. No second-clas*
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
.3:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through - Palace > and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper,. which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m, dally.
7;20 a. m. is, Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Kerry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. - -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausallto. Ferry.
Commencing September 30, 1909
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
. * • AND SAN RAFAEL. ' - ¦
WEEK DAYS— 4:55, *9: 15. 11:00 a, ro. »l-45
.3:15, 4:00, 5:15, *6:15, 6:40 p. m. . '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill VaHey and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.'
SUNDAYS— »8:00. •10:00. *]1:SO a. m., »1-15.
3:15 »4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn.^ '.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:20, *6;30. 7:45. 9:30 a. m."
•12:30, 1:43, *3:30. 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA -TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— « :20. *3:00, »10:00, «11:43 a. m..
•1:40 '¦•2:15. 4:ia. *6:30 p. m. i
Trains marked «•) start from San Quentln. !
PROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO, i
WEEK' DAYS— 3:45. 6:45, 7:55. 9:30 a. m», •
12:35. 2:10, 3:30. 4:5<. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. -I
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:CS. 2:15. »:S0. ]
5:00.. 6:45 pl'm. . ;
THROUGH TRAINS. —
. 6:55 'a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ;
stations. : ¦ ' . \ j
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and .way
¦ stations. •- , -- --^ - "- r, ' j
r - 8 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta- !
'¦ tlons. -¦¦'.' - !
i ~ -i . '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St. -
IV Mil ratiL . a*. »»<• *lt*K '
l:4-> P. M. V -— ~ WEEK DAYS...... I •£
4:oO?. m.) StayovernlghtattlieTATKits (10:35^.m.
HSOa.m.1 . " f imr.it
Ur«A.M.f -UUSD41S j 4.-25 P.M.
1:15 p.*.) ¦"• ' 15:56p.m.!
Hare. San Franciscn ta Summit and Return. $1.40. j
Ticket OjBces, 621 Market St.; & Sausalito Ferry, j
MO*T".Y TO LOAN" Contlnned.
CAP H loaned to salaried people on note without '
indorser. MCURELL. f.09 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
<Jors<»r. S. F. Discount Agenry. 143 Phelan big.
MOXKV WASTED,
VTANTED~$2S00: security 100 acres land^worth
?inoo, \Z. S. patent, and 2500 shares stock oil
•'omjiany just formed. selling at $1 per
share: big interest. Urgent, box S754, Call.
WANTED- SM.0M for 3 years. 10 per cent; real
pptatp srciir'.ty. '* Address box 29S2. Call office.
MISICAL IXSTRU3IEVTS.
AT'BTBOX MAUZT'S, 3C8~Post st.
ChlckcrirK Jjrt
Hallrtt ,.& .Davi* 50
Dunham-* 75
Symphony .~... 100
Gilbert & Co , 125
Steinway ; 150
R'.cca ' ISO
Gabler 275
Pteck Baby Grand <like new) 450
Sohmer Baby Grand OIke new) 750
These pianos are all in excellent condition
end thoroughly warranted, and can be ex-
chariped in three years for a new SOHMER
or BYRON MA1JZY Pleno.
Pianos rented— Squares. SI 50; uprights. $3
up, and rent allowed on purchase.
ANY person having use for a piano can be .ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of tbeir grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
piven to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Steinway any time within
thre« years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for 16 cash and $G per
month. We offer to sell some good pianos at
13. $4 and *5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
1 & CO., Steinway dealers, corner 'Kearny and
Sutter Bts., San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth rt., Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright.. .$6:,(l Schiller $2C3
1 Emerson upright.. ESIl Gabler 13;
1 Vose S5 1 Waverly 122 '
i Steinways 1S5 up!l Fisher upright.... 119
t Heines 315 up 1 Mason-Hamlin .. 390
1 HaJlet -Davis 4^o| 1 Hardman K3
.-' t Behr Bros 357il Miller 125
and fifty others: rented and rent allowed:
rents IZ up; we handle all makes; agents
for some of the oldest and most famous
rianos In existence agents wanted. HEINE
PIAXO CO.. 217 Geary 6t.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
wect of Chlcaco is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
SS and SO O'Farrell rt.;"pianos, organs and
•11 other musical; instruments of all grades
ana prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the.
customer.
IT Is useless for you to look elsewhere for bar-
pains, as we nave lots of them; you can buy
for cash or ptfyment* and have many styles
to selert from. MACVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9
Market st.
IF you want to buy a flrst-class piano see
THE HAZELTON— none better. We have
lee? expensive, but rood Instruments: several
pecond-hand pianos; see them. DEWING
CO.. Flood building.
F PIANO V snaps- $80. $75. $S0. $125. $130; easy
rayments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
pain. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell
it., Chickerlng agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
can szex storaze pianos almost for a song.
RECON'D-HAND upright piano wanted for
cash- state price and make. Box 3703. Call.
J3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
FINE 3-pedaI standard upright piano; sacri-
ficed account of death. 618 Eddy, nr. Larkln.
$135— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
217 Geary st.. room 38.
BHAUTIFL'L new pianos. $155 up; rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2200 Fillmore St.
SPECIAL ?a!e of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe r.ml others. ERUENN, 208 Post st
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly now; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
BXGK-43BADB pianos: Steck. Hartman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice uprigrht piano.
SCHMITZ. :S McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A XHARLV new .grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tones. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
AT KKKKFE'S. r<23 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rirht? -"U your own price. Shoninger agency.
JjlTKTUOIt violins. zi"liers. old and new. It
:.5l"I,I.nn. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CWEAPK6T and b^st in America— The Weekly
§ <~all. 16 iiapes, pent to any address In the
United Ftatos -ur Canada one year for $1.
ryr-ytnsp paid.
MFSIGAJE IXSTItX'CTIOV.
PIANO lesxons givon: thorough instruction;
reasonable prices. 422i» Grove st.
OITICES AXO STORES TO LET.
FRONT furnished apartments suitable for doc-
t»r nr dentist. ?:>S Geary; call bet. 2 and 4.
OIL.
AMBROSE HARRIS— Licensed Broker Xo.~670t7
•ill Examiner bide., San Francisco. Cal.;
photM mack fll; we furnish, without chars*.
n»t>Ttr- ar.d advic* upon the character, value
nnd future prospects of oil lands and the stock
of oil oom;>anies. listed and unlisted; orders
rxeouted on cither exchange. '
Z CE3STB ;>or share; the greatest money-mak-
:r.g opi-nrturi'.ty ever* offered; sold over 100.000
Khun last week to the best people In town;
s« nd for prosr>eetus to the fiscal agents here.
PXCmC STATES MINING AND INVEST-
MENT CO.. 226 Post «t. Open evenings.
Aprnts wanted. \
WANTKD-nn men with $100 to $300 cash; must
he fron.j, reliable men; money for development
of all and mineral lands; strictly legitimate
propositions. For particulars address box 3714,
Call office.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO. -Oil Lands In the
best districts; Investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a good Investment: water trans-
pcrtation. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
JOSEPH B. TOPL1TZ. 330 Pine at.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
•:,F,rw FOR i«* acres Kern oil land location. Box
37re. Call office.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order: all
f-'.zes: rliean- H. S. WHITE. B16 Mission st.
OIL LANDS.
«"6 FOR 160 acres Kern oil land location. Box
376S, Call office.
75.000 ACRES oil Ian* in various counties for
lease and sale. ROBINSON. 36 Geary st.. r. 6.
PAINTERS A\D DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered, V
. cp. Jensen & Bath. 808 Sixth; open evenlagi.
rOOKS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 519 3d St.; tel. Red 3321.
PAL3IISTRY.
II. JEROME FOSSE^LlT^clei^inT^aTmlst. 513
Taylor St.. bet. Geary nnd Pest : tel. Black 561.
PATENTS* AXD PEXSIOAS.
ADVICE free: no charge unlera successful.
nr.n. r>. CAMPRKLL. Lawr-r. Kxamtner blc.
rABTXEUS WASTED.
WANTED— Doctor as nartner on new discov-
ery^
PERSONALS.
WANTED — To make the acquaintance of an
American or English lady; object matrimony;
s^end address where interview could be had.
Box 2999, Call.
A— IF your balr Is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary Et.. and you
will net be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call -or send for circular.
WANTED— Apents In every city to Introduce
Lillip Wobb California Olive Oil Toilet Soap,
Creem of ItoFc and Persian Cream. • Ad-
.1r»>».« Griffith Mfg. Co.. eole agents, 614 So.
liroadw&y, Ix>s Angeles.
MINT— Send word of some kind and when td
write apain. MINT.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
> ears' experience. J. B. RAY.' 357 Jessie Et.
TOE Microbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary ft., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
drun": Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we alf-o remove Kuperfluous hair; call and see
us. HicrcbaDc Medical Co.. 411 Geary st.
CXOABCTTE and tobacco habit cured at
Lome: ?3; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk st.. San Francisco. *
REWARD-?1000 paid If your wrinkles, freckles
or sup. hair return after our treatment; sam-
ple fr<-e at branch rffice. N. T. Institute of
Dermatology. Glasgow bldg.. 105 Ellis st.,S.F.
A PHYSICIAN making a special study of dia-
betes desires a few more patients. Box 23SS,
Call office. .
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
••Dcrr.estlc" office, lffi»l "Market St.. nr. Sixth.
OLD pcld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, 817 Market st.
JAMKS' Detectiie Bureau. 127 Montgomery St..
room 21: phone Bush 2S9; charges reasonable.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. J15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
srant overcoats. $35 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Et.. t-ctccca Seventh and Eighth.
of Mrs. Annie Warren, a native of ; England,
aged 50 years 8 months and 12 days. • u
ETFriends and acquaintances- are » respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral thU day
(Monday), -at- 1 o'clock,' from- his late- resi-
dence, 2316'Eagle-. avenue, Alameda. , Inter-
j ment Mountain View. Cemetery, Oakland. • j
BECKER— In this city,' April 13, 1901, Elea-
nor, beloved wife of George J. Becker, and
mother of. George J. Becker and Mrs. M. E.
McDougall, a native of Hartford, Conn., aged
• C3 y*ars 1 month and 13 days. , •
ETFrlends and acquaintances, are respect-
: TjiJly Invited to- attend the funeral ¦ this- day
(Monday), at 11:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2009 O'Farrell. street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland; by 1
o'clock creek boat from foot of Market
street. .
BOYD— In this city, April 13, 1901. Bedelia
Boyd; beloved mother of- John A. Boyd, and
sister of Cornelius Mooney, Theresa Kelley
. of Napa and Ann McNamara, a native of
Kings County, Ireland", aged 70 "years.
{CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 707 Ashbury street, , thence to St.
Agnes Church, where a solemn , requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencinK at 10- o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CARDEN— In this city, April 13/ 1901. Made-
line, beloved daughter of Thomas and Cath-
erine Carden, and sister of Thomas, William
Mamie and Nellie Carden,- a native, of Sari
. Rafael, aired 13 years 2 months and ; 20 days.
- (C?"Friends and acquaintances, are- respect-
fully Invited to. attend the , funeral this dav
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence, 1036 Golden Gate avenue, between La-
guna and Buchanan streets, thence to St
Mary's Cathedral, where. services. -will be said
for the repose of her.- soul, commencing ¦ at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . • .-.-': ¦ ¦ — .
CONNIFF— In this city, April" 13, 1901. John
V., beloved brother of Eddie • and Frances
Connift, and nephew of: Mrs. M. Doyle, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 6: months
¦ arid * days. . ,
CFriends are respectfully Invited to a'.-
ter.d the- runeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9
o'clock, from the parlors of McAvoy A Co.,
1239 Market street. between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
. solemn recuiem mass will be ¦ celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at • 10
. o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary. Cemetery.
CORMAC— In this city, April 12. 1901, - James
¦R. Cormac, a native .of . Chicago, III., aged 4»
years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are' respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from*the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DEXTER-In this city. April 14. 1901. Hattle
Josephine Dexter, sister of D. Hi and G. H.
Bibb, a native of Santa Clara, Cal., aged 38
yeaps.
ET'The funeral will take* place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Church of
the Advent. Eleventh street, near Market.
Interment Laurel. Hill Cemetery-..
DITTMER— In Castro Valley, near Haywards,
iCal., at the home of his brother-in-law, April
1901, Max Siglsmund Dittmer. beloved son
of Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Dittmer. and brother
of Oscar Dittmer and Mrs, Charles Just, aged
37 years: ¦ . -. -
ICT'Notice. of funeral hereafter.
DORAN— In this citr", April 13, 1901, Catherine,
beloved wife of Patrick Doran, and sister of
Patrick Mullen of Los -Gatos. a native of'
County Meath. Ireland, aged 58 years. •
IC3*Frlends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S09 Lyon street, thence to St. Dom- j
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be' celebrated for the repose of her soul,
eommencfnff at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
ELLIS— In the City and County Hospital. April
14, 1901, John Ellis, a native of Ireland, aged
Gl years.
ELSEY— In Oakland, April 14, 1901, Charles,
husband of Louise Elsey, and father of Char-
lotte, Herman, Fred T. and Charles Elsey
and Mrs.- W. Porter Lyon, a native of Eng-
land, ared 72 years 9 months and 25 days.
. (ColuFa Sun please copy.)
F^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 653 Eleventh street, Oak-
land. Interment private and In Mountain
Vl$w Cemetery.
FERRIS— In this city, April 14, 1901. James
J. Ferris, a native of Canada. A member of
Bald Eagle Tribe No. To. Improved Order of
Red Men, and Longshoremen's Protective As-
sociation. (Los Angeles and Manitou, Mani-
toba, papers please copy.)
FINK— In Emeryville. Alameda County. Cal.,
..April 13, 1901, William Fink, adopted son of
Mrs. Tom Boyle, a native of California, aged
-16 years and 5 months. .
FLANIGAN — An anniversary requiem high
maM for the repose of the soul of. Patrick
Flanlpan this day (Monday), at St. Joseph's
' Church, corner of Tenth and Howard streets.
HAWN— In the City and County Hospital,
April 14, 1901, John Hawn... a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 74 years. •
HAYES— In this city, April 14, 1901. William
t J.,' beloved' husband of Maria L. Hayes, and
father of Alice L. and Allan J. Hayes, a na-
tive of New York; aged 53 years..
l_J" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), 'at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1429 Bush street, thence to St. .Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at '9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In the City and County Hospital,
• April 14. 1901. Patrick Hlgeir.s, a native of
Ireland, aged 57 years. ' -. . .
LANODON— In Fruitvale. April 14. 1001, Mrs.
Delia T. Lang-don, beloved mother, of Mrs.
Flora Taylor, Mrs. Fannie Carpenter, Frank
S. and Fred W. Langdon, a native of New
York, aged 74 years i- months and 9 days. . '
LING CHONG— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, April 14, 1301, Ling Chong, a native of
China, ased 43 years. '
MACAULEY— In this city, April 14, 1901, en-
tered into rest. Thomas J.. beloved son of
Thomas and Mary E. Macauley, and brother
of Jane A., Frank R. and Helen I. Macauley,
a native of San Francisco, aged <!7 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ¦ 2524 Howard street, thence to St. Pe-
ter's Church, where a solemn requiem high
ma33 will be celebrated for the repose of- his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. -.
MOLANDEK-In this city. April 14. 1901. Con-
stantlne . D. Molander. beloved son of Mr.
and Mrs. D. Molander. and" brother of Ansh-
lem Molander, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 3 months and 10 days.
NEWMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 14. 1901, Moses Newman, a native of
Illinois, aged 39 years.
O'CONNELL— In this city, April 14. 1901. St.
Daniel, beloved husband of Jane O'Connell,
and father of John A., Daniel P., James M.
and Thomas ' J. ' O'Connell, and son of the
late Hanora O'Connell. and brother of Mrs.
Mary McNarnara and Mrs. Thomas O'Toole,
a native of County - Clare, Ireland, aged 60
years 9 months and 20 days.
(CTFrlenus and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tueeday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1310A Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter--
ment Holy Cress Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers. . .
O'MALLEY— In this city, April 14. 1901, Sister
Mary Lorenzo O'Malley, Sister of Mercy, a
native of Ireland, aged 51 years. - .
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), from the Chapel of the ¦ Passion,
attached ¦ to St. Mary's Hospital, where a
solemn reciulem moss will be celebrated for-
the repose of her soul,, commencing at. 9
o'clock. -..
PHELPS— In this city, April 14, 1901. William
Sidney, husband of Jane, Phelps. a native of
Long 'island. N. Y.. aged 80 years 11 months
and 28 days. • " ...
£7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services .to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, nt his late residence, 1531
Jones street. Interment Drivate.
REILLY— In this city, April 14. 1901. John D.,
beloved husband of Mary • Rellly. and father
of John J., Charles A. and Mae Reilly and
Mr3 A. E. Hatt Jr. of Napo, Cal., and
brother of Charles J. Rellly, a native of Al-
bany. N. Y.. aged. 71 years 9 months and 10
days. (Albany, N. Y-. papers please copy.) •-
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday) . at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1304 Sanchez street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, corner of Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crops Cemetery. . ,
ROACH— In this city. April 14, 190L Julia, be-
loved wife of the late Lawrence Roach. .and
mother of Michael H.. DavhJ L.. James T.,
Jeremiah K.. Thomas F. and Frank Roach.
' a - nctive of County Cork. Ireland, aged 70
years. ' . -
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence • S43 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at , 8 o'clock^, Interment Holy
.Cross Cemetery.. - • ..'',: . ¦
RUSSELL— In this city. April 13. 1901. Thomas
F-, beloved son of the late Mary Russell,
an'd brother of Julia and the late John and
Esmond Russell, a native of San Francisco,
• aged 32 years. < ' "
!C3"FrienclK and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) t\f 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to^St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
HBNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
¦¦¦ •¦ DANIEL P." DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth Ft., opposite Lincoln School.
: Telephone South SO.
iiWcAVOY <fc CO..' 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EUCALMERS, |
1239 Market St., between Sth and 9th. . §
. • ..Telephone South 247.' . ,. |
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and : Embalmers.
.. 31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252.; . . ; San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
. ¦ Just a little better
than any other train
—a little better ser-
vice— -s more home-
like feeling on the :
California
Limited
than you find else-
wherer and it runs
like this:
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
' 0:0O a.m IMolTu |We!ThlFr!|J»at| Su
ARRIVES AT CHICAGO
2:13 p.m. jTh {Fri|Sat|Su!MolTu |We
75 hours to Chicago
on the
Santa Fe.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lv««« nu«l nrr Oiti <• nrrlv* a*
MAM ritAN«:iMt:«».
(Main Line." Foot o( Market S»rseU
L1AT1 — FRO* Arr.IL 14, 1301. — *KKtT>
"tZO\ ll..tiicia. Suisau, Elmira. V»c»tille,
.< Ranuej aud S»er»UMMito 7>.t5p
":S»* D»t1». Woodl—d. Kni^UU L»uilio».
MirjSTlllc, <>n.»ill«.. 7tS.tp
7-SIIa Atlsutio K»i>res»— OsUeii aud Km* 12i33p
»:O» a Martlnei:. Han U.tin«)ii, Vullejo. Napa,
(.'allnti 'KAiinlMmiu Itosa «:25f
M:«Oa LlTennoro, Stockton, ILu forJ, VIs»-
lia, t orrortiii* .~ 4s33r
»:««* NlUm. ljithrop. Slerced. JTiotuo. Ca.
kniirld.. 4ia3r
»:3Oa Shasta Express -DatU. Williams (fcr
Bartlett Bprlnsa), Willows, Ked
llluff, Portland 7:S3r
»!3i»» Kan .lone, l.iTermote. ¦Stocklim.
lone, .sooraim-ntfi. Plaet-rtule.
M^rymlll^. Chico, ISo.l lllillT ~is2.tr
*:3»a Oakilalp, Chinese (Yosemlte). So-
nora..C»rtftm ¦ 4:ZSf
?*:Ot»4 HajwarUs, Niltiand Way Hutions. I Ii*3a.
m:o»aLos Ancolea Ezpreta — Martlnex.
Tnej. Lathrop. .Stockton. MarotrU
Kretmu mil Lew Angiluc ~:S3ji
D:3Ot V.ll.-J,., Marliuez nn.t Way Station*. »>.13r
I «:«'• A Tfan OrerUnil J.lmll oil— Og'Jeii. Deil-
rer, Umaha, Chicxgn fl:HSp
tl:«M»r !i*<:r»iii('iilji lti*er •jLe*Hinm.. )9<0O4
3i3<»i> May w»r<lR, SH-n ami Way Htatlmia. 7io3p
3=a»(» tonCoMn.. M*rtints JLathrop. Mo-
ced ; Bcresd» ( Yoaomi. e), li'iea^o. 1 i23f
4:«»r Itrtucia.. Wiuters. Haionuiieiilu.
VVtMHllaiMt. KnluliU ],au<lliig,
Maryn»lllr, Onifillo IO:S3A
4r»M>r Martlurx. Kan lUmmi. Vullejn,
Ntt|i:i. t^lmtiiKH. Sillily lti.«» Itia.iA
4:OOr Xl!e.». LiTenuore. Stockton. Lodi... I o-."*.!*.
4>:i«f Ilbywjrda. Isilen ,Saii.li>nu. Lir« rmore t s<AS A
3:»Or Tli« Owl Limited— Tracy, Su-Ckton.
Vreauii, lUkerstioM, M»iikim (ur
Santa liaibara, Los Angeles St.VH
aitxip. I!«yifariU, Milw ui>U Haii Jute...... 7>3->4
t«:O«n- V»U«Jit UI55*.
H:OOr Oriental .11*11 — Ogilen, Chfyenuo.
Uiualia. Clilo»i£i. l*;3^r
•:OOr Oriental .Mali— OgfloD, D-jorcr,
Umalia. ChlciRo.... 4<23r
7:OUr OreKou and (,'alifurnit l>ii|iremi,Hao-
riiitiriitn, Mjit) svlllf, 1'eiMtnK,
I'iMth.ii.l, I'mjni HtMii.il ami Kmnk. Sl»94
Mio.tr San Pablo. r..rt Cmt», Martinez
whI fV«y HUtluus 1 ls.Vi*.
t«4B3p V»ll.-i.. 7l3Ar
COAST LINE (N»rrow W«n»e).
( Kuut ut Market Street.)
J J > »•¦» a S*Lta uiuz Kitunoj to daoto Cruz
and Pr.nepal Way 3«*liros f<l:«-"lp
St I »* Nenark.t>nutr«iIlr,,San Jiao, Vr\ tun.
Hiinlilrr Creek, Santa Cm/, and Way
KUthwa 3<3<»*
t 'ii 1 5 c Xew-itk , C'un ler Tilk<. .San ,f om, N«W
Alin»,l«n, Pol tun. llnnliW t/'rnck,
¦ - Rantik t.'rua ami l'liiicipal Way
Stations tl»:."»«A
4:l3r Newark, S.in Jose. Los Gatos. ..'..| *|o:J%»t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR n»lS0ISC8— Tn% %l larktl Sum (SIi» 8V—
17:18 9:0O 11:00a.m. 1:03 - 3:00 B:18r.M.
fr»mOlIti»B— f»«l .t8f..4».T.— fd:d8 t»;00. t3;0S
10;Q0«.M. 13:03 3:03 l:OQr.»».
COAST LINEI (Itroa.l Uaur*).
(Tlitnt ni.it TowtUHHwIHtii.)
dililA ftouttj nan ir.iicUc-.. F»lo Alto.... 5Ia»?
|-:««»A Hait Jims nnit Way StatUna........ !¦:»<»?
/-•••» New ' Almailen. / ls3«F
t?il3A.8uad<7 Kxennion for Can J(f*
f>«tt (nw. Pacific Groro and
Pilndpsl Way Sutionp J8i3O»
8iOOa Coist^.ine Limited, San Jone, Gilror.
S»li..as, l*aso ICoblts. S»n Luis t
Obispo, Lompoo, JUnta . R«rb ira.
Lot Ancelea I0:45r
BtO^A Hnu Jiwe. Tres Pimm. Kitnta Criu.
)>acflie Urdr«. talinig Ban Lois
' Obispo and Principal intermediate
HtuLl..ii«. -tll*T
10::cOa San Jcae and Wty Stations. ?>3«p
I I»3»a «an Jnae hii.1 Way HUtions 3i:i»f
18: l-'ip Sail Matro, Kcdnrooit, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Kanta Clara. HanJiMie,
Tres Pinos. Hanta Ortiz. Sallnu.
Monterey an<t Paeltle Ororo |IO:4Sa
fXiSttt- San Joae aixt Way Stations O:U<«*.
H:l»r >nnjM««ul Principal Way SUtlona 5»: «2*.
04t4Sp Satiaet IJmIt«<!— £1 Paso, New Or-
lenrsard Eint...... «1O:1Sa
fSiOftrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station* » t»xO*A
AiSOr San Jou ami Principal Way Station* »:S«a
«a»PSmiJ™e»ml Way .Station* t*=»*>*
7rOOr New Orleaoa Exprats. Ban Joa*. *
-Sant* Barbara. Coa Asgal«a. Dm-
- lug. El Paso, New Or!e»n« »nd E» s t 7:00a
7i«Op Del Monts, Monterey, Pacific OiOTe,
Lompoo lOil.ir
qllt4Sp San Jcneaml Way .Station* , TlSOy
A for Morning. 1* far A f ternoon.
t Sunday executed. t Sunday only.
g Wednesdays. / Tuesdays and Friday*.
eSumUis. . a Saturday on lj.
CALIFOREIi HORTHIESTERR RY. CO.
LESSEE ,
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of. Market St.
San Francidco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:S3. 3:S0.
5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays — Kxtra trips at 1:30 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:C0, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:33,
3:C0. S:20 i>. m.
SaaRaiael to Saua Francl»w.
WKEK DAYS- 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:«;
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:5o
and 6:35 p. m. . ,« , m
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40,
5:55, 6:23 p. ns. • ,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris.
same schedule as above. ;
Leave J - In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 15, 1301. f San Francisco.
Week I ~j j Sun- j %>**
Dayn. I days. | Deatlnatlon. I days. [ Hays.
7:20 ami &:00 am) Novatb. 10:40 am j 8:40 am
3:30 pmf 9:»» ami Petaluma. 6:03 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:C0 pmf Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! «:g pro
" Fulton. S~ - ¦
7:10 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geysenllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdate. 7:35 pm «:»pro
7:10 ami ~ ~\ Hopland I 110:23 am
3:30 pmf 8:00 am| and Uklah. f 7:35 pm[ «:tt pm
7:30 ami "** I . I 110:23 am
IS :00 am Guerneville.l 7:33 pm
• 1 :30 pm| I I «:22pm
7:30 am S:CO ami Sonoma. I 9:15 am! 8:40 in
[' ftnd I
5:10 pm S:00pmiGIen Ellen. [ 6:03 pm, 6:22 pm
7:30 am| 6 :C0 ami • llOtttamilO:!'! am
3:30 pml 5:00 pmf Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pmj 8:22 pm
Stages connect at .Santa "Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs:
at Lyttcn for Lytton • Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skagtrs Fprinjt*: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers;, at Holland* for Duncan
Springs.'- Highland ¦ Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
. bad Springs. Soda Bay. L«keport and Bartlett
Sprinjcs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blu» Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. ' Upper Lake. " Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. LJerley*». BuckneH"*.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hall vllle. Orr*s Hot Sprlnsa.
Mendoclno City. Fort Brag?. Westoort. Vsat.
Wllletts. Laytnnvllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, . round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofBee, 6o0 Market at. Chronicle bulld-
inr. T R. X. RTAV.
II. C. WH1TINO. Gen. Pass. Agt.
General Man»rer. -.--¦»- .- -• - : .
/^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jgL'ifa: lfl O121> KEACST ST. Kfitabrltihrd
Brir^W^" l < *-'i4 for the trfatmt-nt «l l"rivat«
f?A / ftk^vr^f M* t ' nH * 11 - l*>*t M»nn«K)d. Pebllltv or
Kgg!s?*2ju& "lisas'" viearinjron body aD<I mind ami
S©EJa^8|^kin Diseases. Th? Doctor cores trUcB
fall. Try him. Charsra low. -
suaranlrrd. CaHorwrito.
l»r. J. y. tilBBOX. Sfta Francisca. Cai.
Weekly Call, $1 pep YearPolice Blamed for. Child's Death'.
The little 3-months-old daughter of Choo
Foo, a Chinese lottery dealer, who claims
that his little one received the. cold that
caused her death ! through the negligence
of the police, died yesterday. The father
of the little one says the police in raiding
his place for lottery tickets threw the
covering off the child and exposed her to
drafts.. £%«§te-'. : '
Gruetli Verein. Concert.
The San Francisco Gruetli Verein gave
its annual spring concert and ball at Tur
ner Hall. 323 Turk street, last night. The
singing section of the verein gave the
concert, which opened with an original
muBical comedy In two acts entitled "Im
Berner Oberland." Miss Ida Schweizer,
Charles Lugginbuehl. Julius • Bonadurer,
Miss H. Clerc and ¦ John I Merkt partici
pated. After the programme dancing was
enjoyed. A large number of members and
friends of the verein were present. •
ConnifE's Untimely Death..
- Every effort is being made by the police
to find the- teamster whose truck knocked
down and fatally injured John ConnifEfof
Ksipa at First and Mission 1 streets Friday
afternoon. Detective Coleman has' been
specially detailed on the case, but has as
yet obtained no clew. The teamster drove
hurriedly away after the accident, and no
one seemed to have observed to whom the
tfuck belonged.- Conriiff. who was an at
tendant In the • insane ; asylum at Napa, !
was to* have been -married to his 'cousin
at 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay.*
Low Bates— Improved Service?
510 35, San Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage, including meals and
berth. Only twenty-six hours en -route-
Steamer Santa Rosa or Queen from
Broadway wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel. / -
LEAGUE HENRI IV / HOLDS \
i rrs annual banquet
The annual banquet : of vjthe League
Henri IV was held last evening at the
Merchants' Club, 222 Sansome street,
tnore than 200 ¦ members being present.
Many of the members were accompanied
by their, wives, and the banquet was an
occasion of good fellowship and merri
ment. Musical numbers were rendered by
an orchestra while the menu was being
discussed. > i
-President Goodaux introduced the vari
ous speakers, and continued applause was
accorded the gentlemen who responded to
the various toasts. Felicitous speeches
were made by the president, Mr. Bellgard,
P. A. Bergerot, Mr. Penez, President
Dupas-of the French -Benevolent Society.
Mr. Gostiaux. Judge Cabannis, Judge
Fritz and Mr. ; Berges. The various mu
sical-numbers-rendered by Miss -Julie
Cotte and her sister, - Mrsl L. Fichter,
aroused considerable applause, ' and the
gathering • broke f up i with the singing of
the American and French national airs.-
GOES EAST TO CONSULT
MEDICAL SPECIALISTS
James Clarke, the millionaire mine own
er of Spokane, will leave for the East to
morrow in search of health. He has been
suffering from nervous prostration and
other complications, and his case is seri
ous About a month ago Mr. Clarke came
to San Francisco and has been in a pri
vate sanitarium ever since. His health
has not improved, and he is now going to
Philadelphia and Baltimore . to consult
On the trip to Philadelphia Mr. Clarke
will be accompanied by Dr. C. M. Armi
stead of this city. On arriving at the
'Quaker City Dr. Weir Mitchell will be
consulted, and then a visit will be paid to
Baltimore. On returning to Philadelphia
Mr. Clarke will remain under the care of
Dr Mitchell, and then Dr. . Armistead will
pay a visit to Ms old home in Lynchburg,
Va. Returning he will join Mr. Clarke at
Philadelphia and accompany him to his
home in Spokane. .:
Thomas Manning, who jeopardized. the'
lives of his wife and " little baby,
occupies a cell in the City Prison,
almost within earshot of the crie-3
of his little daughter Margaret, who
tosses fitfully on a bed of pain in the Re
ceiving Hospital., The little one is watched
over and cared for by a loving 'mother,
who bears a severe scalp wound. as a re
minder of a fit of ungovernable rage to
which her husband gave way early Sat-'
urday morning at their home at 3(J9 Third
street. That" the life of the child was not
extinguished outright was due to the ef
forts of the mother, who, forgetting her
own pain, fought the flames that were
eating the tender flesh of her youngest
born, while neighbors struggled with the
brutal husband to prevent him doing fur
ther harm. • < ¦ : ¦ .
Manning went to his home early yester
day morning and entered the room occu
pied 'by his wife and two-year-old daugh
ter. Without pretext or warning he
seized upon a lighted lamp which the
thoughfulness of his wife had provided
and hurled it at the sleeping mother and
child. . ¦ •
The lamp struck .the 1 mother on -the
head, inflicting a deep wound, and set fire
to the bedclothes, and the flames soon
enveloped the child.
The mother smothered the flames, but
not until little Margaret had been se
verely burned. k ¦
The child's' cries aroused the neighbors,
who summoned Policemen Mullen, Tyrell
and Desmond. They placed Manning un
der arrest and sent the sufferers to the
Receiving Hospital.
Hurls Lighted Lamp at Wife
and Daughter While
They Sleep. . <
BRUTAL FATHER
IN JURES CHILD
I James P. ; Cummins, ased 21 years, living
at 146 Fulton street, is among the missing
and his relatives fear that he has com
mitted suici.de. .
Cummins was interested with Charles
Agner in a photograph gallery at 3 Taylor
street. He has been suffering with heart
failure and frequently spoke of ending his
trouble in the waters of the bay.
Last Wednesday Cummins left a note
addressed to his partner saying that he
was tired of living and intended to do
away with himself. ¦
"If I don't see you any more," he wrote,
the mule is yours." -, •
The "mule," his friends think, referred
to the photograph gallery.- Last "Wednes
day Cummins left his home and went di
rectly to his place of business. After writ-
Ing the note to Agn^r he mounted 1 is
bicycle, telling one of the employes that
he intended to ride to Golden Gate Park.
Since then he has not been seen. Tha
relatives believe that after leaving j tho
gallery he rode to the water front and
threw himself Into the bay. The • police
are endeavorlns to locate the wheel, in
the hope of finding some trace of the miss
ing man."
Cummins is about 5 feet 5W inches in
height and weighs about 140 pounds. He
was dressed in a dark serge suit, black
derby hat, and a white soft shirt. He has
brown hair and when last seen- wore a
light brown mustache. Captain Seymour
and his men' are working on the case.
Indications Point to the Sui
cide of a Young Pho- .
tographer.
RELATIVES FEAR
CUMMINS IS DEAD
French Firm Fails in Mexico.
MEXICO CITY, April 14.— The failure of
D. Olivier & Co., large French dry goods
merchants here, is partly due to the
money stringency. The firm was engaged
also in cotton manufacturing. The lia
bilities are said to be between $500,000 and
$900.000,. Bankers say the concern will
probably be able to pay 90 cents on the
dollar. The principal creditors are the
National Bank of Mexico, the Bank of
London and Mexico, the Central Bank of
the State of Mexico and the City' of Lon
don and a large dry goods house.
OFFER REWARD FOR ARREST
OF PARK MUSETTM THIEVES
Commissioners Anxious to Convict
Criminals — Crowds' Visit Baach.
. '-:'¦¦'. Pleasure Places.
A reward of $100 for the arrest and con
viction of the thief. or thieves who broke
into showcases at the Park Museum and
extracted their contents has been offered
by the Board : of Park Commissioners.
Though. the detectives have been busy on
the' case since its discovery on Friday, as
yet no • clew to the perpetrators of the
crime has fceen discovered. A close watch
will be kept on the cases hereafter, and
hence It is not likely that the thieves will
again attempt to ply their trade at the
museum.
The fact that the sun shone brightly In
the downtown districts • deluded large
crowds into the belief that it was pleas
ant at the park and beach. It was foggy
and cold, however, at the city's pleasure
places, and hence the crowds did not re
main long out in the open.
La Lesta, the fire aueen; Barnes* dog,
pony and monkey show and Leah May,
the giantess,, are the attractions at the
Chutes this week. A large crowd enjoyed
these and the other features yesterday.
Guests at Sutro's Baths were enter
tained by the usual aquatic contests. Fol
lowing Are the results:
Fifty-yard race— H. McKenzie first, W.
Stockton second. Under-water. swimming— C.
Lundis first, H. McKenzie second. . Tub race—
J Rawlins first, C. Riley second.. J. Roberta
third. 100-yard race— W. Stockton first. J. Ray
mond second. - Springboard diving— W. . Clough
first prize. R. James second prize. High diving
for boys— "W. Stockton first prize. C. Rowllns
second ¦ prize. .
BAKER AND THE YOUNG WOMAN WHO WERE PRINCIPALS IN AN
EXCITING LODGING-HOUSE IN CIDENTi WHEREIN THE. FORMER
THREATENED THE LATTER WITH PISTOL AND RAZOR.
admitted the ownershit) of the razor when
It was shown to him.
"I don't remember any such occur
rence," said Schmidt at the prison. "I
was out drinking all dav yesterday and if
I went to the house this morning I don't
know how I got there. I never had a row
with Mrs. Drasdo. My relations with her
had been friendly until recently, when,
owing to a quarrel, I left the bakery she
owns. Last night I drank too much.'
I cannot stand much drink, anyway.
I don't know how the razor ever.got into
my pocket. I never carry it. .1 supposo
I went back to my room while I was
drunk and put it into my pocket. I never
had a row with Minnie Petersen and have
no reason to harm her. They say I had a
pistol. Why don't they produce it? 1 was
drunk and that is all I know about the
matter."
Schmidt claims that his parents live
at Lorin station, Berkeley, and that
he is separated from his wife. Until a
month ago he roomed at a lodging: house
on ; Third street and- recently sljared. a
room with a friend at a lodging house on
Mission street. :
armed him and put handcuffs on him.
Schmidt was taken to the City prison at
the Hall of Justice, where he was violent
and profane. He was booked on charges
of making threats against life, exhibiting
a deadly weapon in a. threatening manner
and also for disturbing the peace, bail be
ing fixed by Judge Mogan, who was at
the hall, in the sum of $5000.
The revolver, which Miss Petersen and
another woman in the house claimed io
have seen in Schmidt's hand, could not be
found by Officer Robl when he searched
the premises.
Miss Petersen stated yesterday that
Schmidt had formerly worked for her
aunt. Mrs. Drasdo. in'the bakery, and that
she had discharged him a month ago for
insulting her. • -' .
"Schmidt continued to annoy my aunV
said Miss Petersen, '.'and I warned him- 1
would tell the police. I suppose he wanted
to get even with me." After making her
statement at the prison. Miss Petersen
and her aunt denied themselves to all call
ers and the front Joor of the lodging
hcuse was locked. Inquiries for the wo
men elicited the reply that "they had gone
Into the country." ' . ¦ .
Schmidt tells a, peculiar story. He
claimed yesterday afternoon that he had
no recollection of threatening Miss Peter
sen and had been drinkins heavily for
thirty-six hours. He denied having a re
volver among his belongings but frankly
STILL LAUGHING
AT FATHER TIME
Uncle George Bromley Cele
brates His Eighty-Fourth
Birthday.
Yesterday was the eighty-fourth anni
versary of the birth of Uncle George
Bromley, and, as has been, the custom for
years back, he was given an anniversary
breakfast at the Bohemian Club by
Raphael Weill. Mr. Weill is in France,
but he sent word out here that the break
fast was to go on just the same, and his
brother, Sylvain Weill. represented him
and did the honors. There were twenty
at the table. They sat down at 12 and
did not finish until 3, and in the meantime
what could be said in honor of the guest
was well said and often repeated.
Colonel A. G. Hawes presided, and after
a. few opening remarks he introduced
Uncle George, who told how it feels to
laugh at the passing years and keep
young in defiance of the flight of time.
He expressed his appreciation of the
honor done him, and to prove that years
have nothing to do with age he joined
Sylvain Weill in a verse of the "Mar
seillaise" and drank his own health with
the youngest.
General Barnes also epoke, his theme
being the affection which all who know
him- feel for Uncle George. Horace ;G.
Platt, Al Gerberding, Barton Hill. Gen
eral Lucius H. Foote, Byron Lathrop and
several other* added their word of cheer
and congratulation, and the breakfast
passed with the ease and interest of a
true Bohemian banauet.
Telegrams of congratulation from a
number of friends were received and read
and a double armful of flowers and ¦ a
basketful I of dainty ', notes from . Uncle
George's feminine admirers helped to
make the occasion the success it .was.
Uncle George was well and gay as a
spring morning. The years have dealt
lightly with him, and no shadows are
gathering in his path. Eighty-four may
be old for some, but not for the stanch old
Bohemian, whose heart is still in the
thirties, a good half-century behind the
rert of him.
lOUlTG LADIES' INSTITUTE
WILL AID BAZAAR BOOTH
Talent for an Interesting Programme
to Be Furnished by th.«
Catholic Schools.
A children's matinee will be given under
the auspices of the the Young Ladies' In
stitute next Saturday afternoon at Metro
politan Hall for the benefit of the booth
•which the society will have charge of at
St. Mary's Cathedral bazaar. An interest-
Ing programme Is being prepared, and the
Catholic schools of the city have each
been requested to assist in furnishing
talent. The programme thus far arranged
Is as follows:
Polish dance by Allegretto Circle of St.
Urigrid's School: --The Birdie's Ball." by chil
dren from St. FVancis Day Home, conducted
by Sisters of the Holy Family; vocal solo, by
Miss Margaret Anthony of St. Vincent's Con
vene Irish jis:. by Miss- Reyna Belasis; song
and drill, "The Revel of the Roses." by twen
ty girls from Ft. Boniface's School; "The Play
of the Flowers." by the children of the Sacred
He?.rt Day Home, under the direction of the
Sister* of the Holy Family; chorus, "Stars
and Stripes Forever." by pupils of St. Jo
seph's School: sailor's hornpipe. by Ruth
Magulre: pantomime, by pupils of St. Rose's
Academy; selection, by the orchestra from the
Academy of the Immaculates: "California
Sunbeams," by Uje children of the Holy Fam
ily Day School; song. "An Island All Covered
With Shamrock." by Mabel Josephine Kelly
of St.- Jorer>h's School.
PHYSICIAN LECTURES
ON CHEISTIAN SCIENCE
T>t. Sulcer of Riverside Speaks. Before
a Great Audience at Metropol
itan Temple.
Abraham A. Siilcer. M.D.. C. B. S.. of
Riverside, delivered an address yesterday
afternoon in Metropolitan Temple under
the auspices of the r lrst Churcn oi Cnnsi,
Scientist. The hall was tilled to the limit
of iis seating capacity. Dr. Sulcer said in
part:
Some of the so-caJled occult forms so vehe
mently denounced by both the church and
physicians, are now reviving the sanction of
the best thinkers. Medical men are. as a rule,
yc-t ignorant of the true healing principle.
So far from using hypnotism as an aid, the
will of the patient should never be surrendered.
It ehould be stimulated. Nothing enervates
the eystem and the mind so much as fetr. We
banish it by charging- the current of thought.
Once conscious of the literal presence of God.
faith in his power gives physical health and
spiritual blessing.
From the beginning: both synagogue and
church have taught that the infinite brought
Into trf-ing- all that Is. Xow is It not a logical
deduction that since God Is Rood there can
be no real evil In the world? It remained
fcr our beloved teacher. Mrs. Eddy, to grasp
the true meaning of the great principle and
to bring it within the understanding of all.
I do not believe In administering drugs, either
In allopathic or in homeopathic doses. The
only true way to f.ght the fire of the devil
is with purest holiness.
WITH a pistol in one hand and
a razor in the other hand,
Louis Schmidt, a baker, cre
ated considerable excitement
yesterday morning at . 11
o'clock in the lodging house, 112% Grant
avenue, kept by Mrs. Paul' Drasdo. who
also runs the Vienna bakery in the store
of the building:.
Schmidt, who was under the Influence of
drink, accosted Miss Minnie Petersen,
niece of Mrs. Drasdo. as the your.g
•woman was coming along- a hallway from
her room. Pointing the revolver at Miss \
Petersen and wildly waving the open
razor, Schmidt shouted to the affrighted
woman: "Stop where you are. If you
move a step I will blow your brains out."
Miss Petersen, who knows , Schmidt,
begged the man not to harm her, as she
had never done him any wrong. She par
leyed with him for a few minutes and
when some of the lodcers •• in ¦ the house
came upon the scene, the youne woman
rushed into the room of R. Schrensky,
who keeps a saloon on Market street.
Miss Petersen told Schrensky what had
happened and he hid her in a clothes
closet and then opened the window to
call for assistance. The sound of Schren
sky's police' whistle attracted Officer F.
W. Robl, who rushed to the house. Gotns
up stairs, Robl met Schmidt, who still
had the razor in his hand.
The officer grappled with Schmidt, dls-
After nearly twenty consecutive years
of service as grand secretary of. the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, Henry Lun
eteot, at the meeting of the Grand Parlor
at Santa Barbara next week, will have to
contest with a rival, who promises to give
him a battle royal for that position.
S. A. D. Jones, formerly a life insurance
agent in Los Angeles, has entered the con
test for the grand secretaryship. He has
been elected as a delegate from Pacific
Parlor of this city, after having served
a term as an officer of Ramona Parlor of
Los Angeles, of which he is a past presi
dent. He is also a member or' the Past
Presidents' Association, composed of the
ex-dignitaries of the order.
Sacredly upholding the traditions of
the order, Jhe Native Sons have decided
that no parlor shall have more than on-:
office. Pacific had two candidates re
grand officers, and the members say thut
Jones sadly disavowed any intention of
being- a. candidate. Soon after his' elec
tion as a delegate he announced his In
tention of entering the field as a candi
date for the grand secretaryship. An
other member of the parlor had prc^Iou:?-
Iy declared his intention of becoming a
candidate for grand trustee.
Politics are booming amonsr the dele
pates to the Santa Barbara convention,
nearly S00 delegates from the various par
lors throughout the State are accredited.
As to the fight for the other offices, the
regular procedure will In all likelihood
obtain. But over the secretaryship,
•which, includes a comfortable salary. th<»
contest is waxing- warm.
Jcnes of Pacific Parlor Announces His
Intention of Attempting to Suc
ceed Henry Lunstedt,
Incumbent.
Native Sons Disturbed About
Controversy Over Grand
Secretaryship.
LIVELY FIGHT
IS LOOKED FOR
Large Class of ; Youths and Adults
Receive the Sacrament in
the Presence of Many
;; People.
. . .\ r
Beautiful and impressive were the cere
monies at St. Rose's Church yesterday
morning-, when a- large class of boys and
girls, .with a sprinkling of adults, ap
proached the altar rail to receive the sac
rament of t confirmation" at • the hands of
Archbishop Riordan. The altar was
decked with ferns, lilies and white roses,
and 'candles shed a glimmering light over
all. . •
The Rev. Father Ford, S..J-, was the
celebrant of the mass, and in the sanctu
ary were Archbishop Riordan, Fathers
Mulligan, Angent, Ilenneally and Giles.
The Archbishop preached the sermon, tak
ing his text from the gospel of the day,
and addressed words of kindly advice to
the young confirmar.ts regarding the sac
rament they were about to receive.
A musical programme, the same as that
presented on Easter Sunday, was ren
dered by an augmented choir. Extracts
from the masses of Generalli and Afran
chino constituted the special features. As
the • children, accompanied by their spon
sors, Thomas McBride and Miss Julia
Maher, advanced and knelt at the altar
rail a number of special selections were
rendered.
All' the girls were dressed in white, with
flowing veils, -while each lad wore on his
arm a bow of white ribbon. Thoso con
tirmed are the following named:
Mary A. Arnold, Agnes Arnold, Mary Imelda
Austin, Charles Joseph -Brickley, Edward
James Burke. Thomas P. Boyle, Edward I.
Barry, Charles J. B. Barbieri, ¦William Joseph
Boyle, George Ignatius Bennett, Joseph A.
Barman, Edna Veronica Burns, Mary Ger
trude Brosnan, Katherine Elizabeth Brown,
Isabella T. Barrett, Lillian M. Burger. Eu
phernia Claire Bourne, Cath'erine M. Berry,
William James Conlon, George A. Condon.
Joseph J. Cardwell, Edward M. Conlon. Rob
ert F. Cullen. Thomas A. Cleary, Thomas I.
Collopy, James Edward Conley, Anna E. Car
roll. Teresa D. Coffey, Eva Mary Crowley,
Rica Frances Colette. Lily I. Ceremilla, Anna
I. Carmody. Mary I. Crowley, Mary Conley,
Anna C. Collopy, Nellie Agnes Collins, • Cather
ine J. Collins, Patrick James Devlns. John B.
Doran. Alfred F. Dineen, Cornelius F. Dwyer,
John A£ Dunn. Anthony C. du Fosse, Joseph
A. Doyle, Mary Gertrude Dunn, Cecelia B. Dil
lon, Sarah M. Doherty, Agnes A. Doherty,
Ellen M. Davis, Ellen Addle- Doyle, Elsie Fet
ter, Ruth Naomi Ford. Agnes G. Foley, Mary
C. Fitzgerald, Sophie Fitzgerald. Sarah • A.
Fitzgerald, William J. Fay, Marcel A. Frances.
Andrew J. Furlong, Ellen C. Funge, Catherine
A.* Galvin. Gertrude M. GUI. Elizabeth M.
Griffin, Wlliam J. Gallagher, Thomas F. Gan
non, Nicholas J. Gill. . Thomas W. Garrett.
Charles A. Garell. Thomas F. Graney, Emmet
A. Graney. William A. Gilmour. Robert J.
Griffin. Edward J. Garrity, Frank P. Glynn.
Anna. Heinzman, Martha M. Happerger, Anita
L. V. Hurley, Ethel V. Humphrey, Sarah C.
Heron, Mabel R. Hawkins, Ellen E. Henry,
Charles A. Hamill, William Edward Hogan,
Robert A. Hurley, William J. J. Hogan, Harry
P. Hackett, Anna G. Johnson, George J. Jones,
Bertram F. Jones. John A. Johnson, Leo
James Jackney, Honora V. Kelly, Sablna I.
Kearney, William S. J. Klllelea, Joseph Au
gustin Keating, Carl »Aloy8ius ¦ Keefe, John
George Kearney, Helen Imelda Lacey. Mar
garet Imelda Lynch, Mary G. Lawless, Har
riet I. Leonard, Myrtle A. Lestrangre, William
J. Leo,< Charles E. Lynch, Charles J. Lemon,
William J. Lowe, James A. Lawless, Thomas
A. Lynch Annie A. McCarty, Josephine G.
McDonough, Catherine S. Maloney, Teresa V.
Morgan, Elizabeth A. McQuade, Esther T.
McDermott. Minna C. McCartney, Grace I.
Mclnerney, Honora J. McCormick, Margaret V.
McAullffe, Margaret H. Murphy, Eileen E.
Mooney, Mary M. Murphy, Eveline A. Mc-
Bride, Isabella A. . McCorich, Catherine A.
McDonald, Charles C. Montague, James
J McGinness, Walter L. Madison, Charles A.
McDonald, Eugene J. McAullffe. Edward A.
Merz. George D. Mangan, James E. McDer
mott, John J. Mangan, Arthur J. McCarte,
John A. ' Murphy, Edward W. McGrath, Fran
cis A- ' McComby,' James A. de Malder, John
Mclnerney, Mary D. Morley, Joseph M. Mc-
Grath, Joseph P. McColgan, Frank I. McCol
gan, Mary V. Norton, Sarah C. Norton, Arthur
J. Norton, John A. . Nelson, Lillian Nelson,
Ella .V. O'Brien. Honora C. O'Neill, Mary C.
O'Brien, Catherine M. O'Connor, Catherine I.
O'Neill, Thomas J. O'Neill, James J. Pettltt.
Bachl J. Pertigera, Thomas A. Palmer, An
drew T. Quinlan. Patrick R. Quinn, Rose M.
Quinn, Mary D. Quinn. James P. Roach. Eliza
beth T. Regan, Loretta R. Reilly, Mary G.
Rossi, Anna P. Reilly, . Henry A. Stanton,
Frank J. Stone, Thomas J. Sheridan, James
I. Skinner, William A- Shaughnessy, Robert
P. Stamp, • Claire M. Sheehan. Agnes M. Snow.
Ellen M. Smith. Mary s V. . Spooler, Florence
B. Sweeney. Catherine M. Sherlock, Susan
Elizabeth Skelly, Ethel E. Shayler. Mary Lor
etta Smith, Robert J. Thirwell. Ellen E.
Thomas. Marcella Mary Thirwell, Mary Agnes
Thompson, Mary B. Vallerga, Thomas Francis
Walsh' Frank A. Walsh, Albert A. Walsh,
Ethel J. Weidman, Edna M. Wilson. Mary M.
Werner, Mary C. Whalen. Mary M. Wall, Mar
garet Eulalie Wilson and Mary G. Wilson.
Archbishop Riordan Presides
:, _. at Notable Services
in St. Rose's.
ADMINISTERS
CONFIRMATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MON DAY, APRIL 15, 190
Louis Schmidt, a Baker, Meets Miss Minnie Petersen jn
Lodging-House Hallway and Wildly Flourishes Razor
and Revolver in Her Face Until the : Police Arrest. Him
THREATENS YOUNG GIRL'S LIFE
WITH TWO DEADLY WEAPONS
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<i ¦ 1 '
1 1 1
•' —^____ !
" t Because I don't close (
'; my store at 6 P. M.
\[ Do you think it's !
J: right? I
] The Constitution 'of j
j this country says NO. i
! My clerk is off at I
:: 6p.m. ?
]; I'm in my store alone ;
;; until 8 P. M., and sell ;
j; nice things for men ;
" to wear.
' _
? "MEN'S FURNISHER," i;
1 1204 Market Street, :
: Near 6o!dsn Gate Afenus. :
DR.MQNULTY.
»T«H:rS WE1X-KXOW5 AND RELIABLE OLD
.1 itpecia'.lstcurMBIood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Strictu rw.eeailiml Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men. free.
Over20rea.r»' experience. Term* reasonable. Hour*.
0to?,d».Uy;6:30u)5.a0ev'cs..«undaT-<i,i0iol2. Oinsul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
F. RO8COE MeXCLTY, M.D.
iWHKearnySU San Francisco, CsJ-
flOEPBEBQ. BOWgW * C(V8 Bf SCUI. 8A VIW 8 8AL»
pDLDBERg
BQWEM
If *CO
Country orders
Special quotations to ranches-
hotels — summer resorts
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea
"Bee" Ceylon and all other . n J
varieties— reg'ly 50c lb . 4.UVJ
Chutney
Bombay— ree'ly 40 and 60c 39 .
bottle— real Indiar. condiment COC
Ripe olives
Whole black — very fancy — .
reg'ly 35c quart 3 UK "
) Oysters
Our Choice — Eastern — o en
extra selected— large cans * J )
S aim o n
i-lb flat cans— T ' - '
reg'ly 12J0- extra quality - ivu
A 1 k e t h r e p t a
The best preparation ' o ort
of Chocolate— reg'ly 25c
Brazil nuts
New season's lb 1 5<#
S a f e t y M atches
Willlightonlyonth'e e , W o - J
box-ltss risk from fire 5 doz b^es 25©
A p p 1 ,e s
Alden evaporated — „ it. -a
reg'ly 3 lbs 25c j r 4 IDS 250
P r u:n e s
California— fancy stock— r Ik- i iTL*
reg'ly 3 lbs 25c 5- 1DS 2 5°:
G oco a nut
Schepp— shredded— . oole*
reg'ly 30c lb
R a i si n s
Seeded — gold ribbon — I « iv_ - -„
reg'ly iijc 1 lb package " 3 lbs 2 5 C
C o r n '"--V
Baby-kernel— reg'ly 15c can t-U
delicious— packed in Maine 5
Cj M (*(*££**.
Club-house-try it after T ' „
dinner— reg'ly 10c and 35cjar IOC 3 OC
Alrao n d s
California shelled — , o -
for blanching— reg'ly 40c lb •>
Ul 1 V e O 1 1
G B & Co— French virgin— ' r rn
our importation— reg'ly 65 qt ->->
Canned apples
New York state— ' ,• on( %
reg'ly 35c gallon can - , • ¦» ,
SOfrJBSgg. B0WT3 k CO-a 8PECUL SAVDTg 8AL8
M o th ballsy
Preserve your carpets— r IK*. „ - A
portieres-clothes 5 1DS 2jC
Toilet soap
- Good quality— reg'ly 50c doz 3 7 j£c
Tooth brush
t Loonen — France — reg'ly 35c 2 C C
Listcrine — large bottle 65c
Florida water M & L 45c
|W' h i s k y
GB&lCo-OK bourbon 3 botS $2
reg'ly 5i bottle $4 gallon gal 3
432" Pine 232 Satter 280O California. San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
REFEREES'
Auction Sale!
BUSINESS PROPERTV
¦ *
Cor. 3rd and Mission Sts.
Cor. Bash and Belden.
Sntter, Near firant Ave.
Belonging to Heirs of
MATTHEW CROOKS.
THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1901
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
_ AT— — f>- ;
Auction Rooms of
G. H. DMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery Street*
S. E. CORNER MISSION ANT> THIRD STS.
—65 feet on Third it. by 77 :« feet on Mission
St.: solid 4-story and basement brick building
containing 3 ato-res on ground floor, renting for
1350 per month to mm tenant, and 3 floors abov<»
of, 50 rooms, renting for $140 per month- and
assessed for $32,500; improvements, $15,000.
. AN ELEGANT LOCATION ON bCi'l'T&tt ST
BETWEEN GRANT AVE. AND STOCKTON
ST.— Premises now occupied as a wood and
coal yard; ground rent per month. Land
assessed for {20.00O.
N. E. CORNER BUSH : AND BELDEN
STS.. BETWEEN KEARNT AND MONT-
GOMERY STS.— Brick Improvements; renting
for $305 per month. Land assessed IIS.060; Im-
provements, $2700.
For further particulars'* apply to
f JOHN T. HARMES.
-.--- 628 Market St.
. .Referees: , : Q. U. UMBSEN.
14 Montgomery St.
t ; j/ P. J. SUIXTVAN. '
ll , Parrot; BulldlSf.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL VALUES
••t»irN«»«»
NEW GOODS!
ON MONDAY, APRIL 15, WE WILL SHOW A
SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF THE FOL-
LOWING NEW GOODS AT SPECIAL PRICES!
One case (40 piecesflMncn FLANNEL TAFFETA SILK,
entirely new fabric and warranted to give good wearj In
the following shades— Pink, Cream, IyopBi Grau, Light
Blue, Old Rose, Reseda, Cardinal, Turquoise, Lavender,
Tan, National Brown and Nayy. Price 75c Yard.
One case (20 pieces) BLACK FRENCH SILK GRENA-
DINES, very handsome patterns, In stripes, checks, hro-
cades and plaids, prices panging from
$1.50 to $4.00 Per Yard.
125 LADIES' FINE SILK WAISTS, made from an extra
cnialltu of Taffeta Silk j corded DacK, front and sleeves;
all the leading colors, also hlack.
Price $G.OO Each. Good value-for S8.50.
One case (35 pieces) FRENCH WOOL ALBATROSS, 38
Inches wide and very superior cnialltuj in the following
shades— Cell, Cream, Pink, Nile, Apple, Tan, Violet, Na-
tional Purple, Garnet, Navu Brown, Cardinal and Corn-
Flower Blue. Price 60c/Yard.
25 pieces ALL-SILK WASHABLE FLANNEL, guaran-
teed fast colors, latest waist material in silk; In the fol-
lowing colors— Pink, Cream, Light Blue, Ivoru, Old Rosei
National Turauoise, NaYD and Reseda.
Price $1.25 Yard.
15 cases FINE MERCERIZED PRINTED FOULARD
SATEENS, heautlful designs and all new colorings, tha
most deslrahle wash fahric shown this season.
Price 25c Yard.
Samples Above Piece Goods Forwarded Free to Any Address.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.