The Princess Clara
.¦¦¦-'.-¦ /
' and Her Sister Are
Sadly Estranged
Mother, Placed in a
Cruel Position, Is
Saved by the Deal
TITLED WOMAN OF CALIFORNIA BIRTH "WHO HAS SUCCEEDED IN SE
CURING GREATER SHARE OF HUNTINGTON ' MILLIONS. AND THE
WIDOW AND 'NEPHEW OF. DECEASED MAGNATE WITH WHOM SHE
COMPROMISED. \ * : ¦ . . ,.,¦ .. :;•/-'
Continued oa Page Seven.
JAN DIEGO, Aug. 22.— After taking on
etores of fresh fruit, fresh meat, fish and
ICAE.TJS TJNUEB FTJXIi SPEED.
" ; Then -came "the position of the
mother. She was : called • upon - to take
from one daughter to give to. another,' or
, The Huntlngton nephew ' had . evidently
been watching ..very "closely'. - He
was, opposed .to Princess \ Hatzfeldt' s .re
ceiving any : more.; money,' than "^ had been
left her,under the will;, though -Mrs. C. P.'
Huntlngton:: was anxious^ from .the start
to settle. the; matterbyi compromise. The
nephew , went to Mrs. Prentice" arid urged
her not tosign" the'paper. /';•' ; ,>- '"- •
Attorneys for: the 'titled couple, who de
sired more of .'the. Huntington millions
than had -been ; allotted • them i /explained
matters to Mrs. r Prentice and obtained ,her
agreement to sign the affidavit. ;
There was but one' person by whonvthe
adoption, could '.be proved.. That: was Mrs/
Prentice. Her affidavit was necessary for
production iin'the. New York courts in. or
der \ to* substantiate the ; contestant's
claims. : \ .• ¦- ,. . v - . .' , -. ¦* : . ;, -.
. In order ', to establish her claims,"Prin
cess. :¦ Hatzfeldt must ¦¦: necessarily ,: prove
that' she was; the, legally adopted daugh
ter: of Collis I P. Hiintingtcri. •"Among the
; records at- Sacramento,. 1 the gossip rung,
none V could'' be', found by -the Prince Tand
. Princess, .on' their ' visit r to California,;' of
her adoption. : Th!s . fact brought con
sternation' to the Hatzfeldts. '•
bringing to light a romantic tale of the
strange dilemma in. which the, mother of
the' titled ; ; heiress, '" MrB.';ciara Preiitloe,'
was ; placed ' through the threatened ¦ con
test The . mother lives in far-away ' Sac
ramento, ; California's , State capital. , She
has another daughter besides the one who
was adopted^ by/ C. P. Huntington. : This
other daughter became the wife of H. 15.
Huntlngton,*^' the nephew of the dead irill
llonalre, 1 * who \ canie in for such a mag
nificent share of the estate and who" would
have ' lost • a large} portion of this \ had the
Princess ; prosecuted her suit and won. - ¦
Fur ther 'facts ; told In ' confidence by , : the
Princess or her advisers have leaked out,
The Mother's Strange Dilemma,
These i facts k were all \ confided to Inti
mate friends by the Princess and-grad
ually knowledge of . the \ compromise that
has prevented- a- suit -which" would 'have
been the talk , of two continents has
reached other ears.
The sum Princess Hatzfeldt Is to : ' re
ceive for relinquishing . all claim to a
daughter's full share of the millions of
the dead railway Croesus is $6,000.000. :. Of
this amount $4,000,000 Is ttt be paid by Mrs.
C. P. Huntington, relict of the late South
ern Pacific president, and H.' E. Hunt
lngton Is to pay the balance of $2,000,000.
en route to their country home near Lon
don, where they will await the payment
of the enormous sum to T>e given for 4 the
abandonment of the contest. They sailed
for the Old World to-day.' H '.
The political situation In Venezuela Is
more than serious. No one Is allowed to
leave the country without a special per
mit ¦: \ C^
ment that the * Venezuelan t revolution led
by Liberals is being arranged. The leader
of this revolution is now in New York.
WDIrLEMSTAD, Curacao, Aug. 22.—
President Castro has sent the gunboat
Zumbador Maranda and other Venezuelan
wax. vessels from La Guayra and Caro
with troops under command of General
Davlla to Rio Hacha, on the coast of Co
lombia. Eight hundred men are in the ex
peditions. These troops will assist the.Co
lombian revolutionists under General
Urlbe Urfbe. President Castro has also
cent a good supply of ammunition. Gen
eral Davlla is the Venezuelan soldier who
defeated and captured General Hernandez
(El Mocho) who had bitterly fought Gen
eral Castro. It Is the belief of close ob
servers of the situation ! that President
Castro is losing his bead. He has only one
dream now and that Is war with Colom
bia. He is determined to bring about
There is excellent authority for the state-
Against Colombia,
Castro Itetenniiied to Go to War
SEXTD8 MEN" TO JOUT TTRIBE.
eercing.the engagement near Tomoco the
letter states that General Palaslus, com
mandant of the city of Barbaucas. which
had been recovered by the Government,
¦was In command of the Government
forces. The revolutionary force wu on
Its "way to Tomoco, on the Island of
Gallle. and -was .surprised.
Refercr.ce to the mas makes It evident
that the engagement referred to at Tomo
co la part of the same movement referred
to in the press dispatches as going on near
Pasto, as these two uolnta are near each
other on the Colombian Bide of the fron
tier with Ecuador.
from Ecuador -was about to Invade Colom
bia and fight a battle near Pasto. Con-
CAUL, BUREAU. 1406 a STREET. N.
W., WASHIXGTOX, Aug. 22.— Secretary
of State Hay returned from Canton to-day
with the satisfaction of knowing 1 , as a re
sult of his t conference with the President,
that McKinley fully approves every step
that has been taken by the State and
Navy departments in relation to the un
settled condition of affairs In Colombia
and the surrounding: country. As a result
of this Presidential approval there will be
no change In the policy that has been pur
eued. The task of the administration is a
very difficult one. largely owing to the dis
position of the governments of South and
Central America to resent any advice
from Washington, even when tendered in
the most friendly spirit. They all want
the United States to enforce the Monroe
doctrine, but any Intervention by this Gov
ernment in their Quarrels among them
selves is likely to lead to jealousies and
misconstruction unless the matter Is han
dled with the utmost delicacy.
ETay Avoids Eesentment. "'
Hay has thus far been able to avoid ar
raying any resentment en the part of any
one of the governments Involved In the
present difficulty. His tactful policy is to
be continued. American warships are on
their way to preserve the freedom of com
munication across the Isthmus, to protect
American interests and to serve as a
standing notice to European governments
that they must keep hands off.
Th© Colombian Minister. Dr. Martinez
Eilva, to-day received an official letter
from the Minister of Colombia at Quito,
Ecuador, which Bays an engagement took
place near Tomoco In which a force of Co
lombian revolutionists were defeated and
ammunition and prisoners taken. The let
ter also discloses th© satisfactory condi
tion of affairs between Ecuador and Co
lombia and disposes of reports that an
armed Invasion by Ecuadoran troops was
to be apprehended.
Flight of Revolutionary Chiefs.
The Minister at Quito does not refer to
emy trouble with th© Government of Ecua
dor. He states that almost all the revolu
tionary chiefs who had fled from Colombia
end taken refuge in Ecuador had gone
back to Colombia.
Dr. Silva considers this an explanation
of the recent press reports that a force
Special Dtepatch to The Call.
tiaval Force Will Protect American
Interests on the Isthmus and
Compel Europe to Keep
Hands Off.
President McKinley Approves
the Policy of Sending
"Warships.
the Southern Re
publics.
difficulty of Dealing With
HAY'S TASK
IN DELICATE
DIPLOMACY
Nephew Agrees to
Contribute. the Bal
ance of $2,000,000
Mrs. Huntington Dis
plays a Desire to
Pay From the First
A Strange Dilemma
Causing Mrs..Pren
tice ; Much Worry-
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— The con
test of the will of the late C. P.
Huntington by the Princess
Clara Hatzfeldf will never come
to trial. A settlement has been
effected out ' of court and the
Prince and Princess are now on the ocean
Continued on Page Ssvezu
Continued on -Page Seven.
':"•' To '• those 'in : : this: city .who, knew", the in
side facts "= of this - celebrated .-.'• cVso,- it 'is
known that Mrs.'C. P. Huntlngton' has all
along been, willing. to compromise with, 'the
"WMow , Wanted to Settle.
":.Then;I as in . the story-books, came .the
unexpected; deliverance. The great com
proh*rlse was effected. There was no-ne
cessity of a mother's heart -being torn, or.
of a' mother bringing ) upon -herself the re-'
pYosiches of ; a "child. "The .contest.", with
the' enormous property.' interests\iri dis
pute." -was avoided.-; A^ .Prince .and a
Princess ¦ sailed away ; happily for • another
cllmeancl a mother was joyed at her de
liverance.;' [.'_':¦
.Mrs. Prentice could not pursue a neu
tral" course" by not lending "aid to either
of; heri daughters/ One of 'the strange fea
tures of the affair. was that under. the in
exorable*; circumstances, .whether she
signed • the document or not one daugh
ter must be benefited and the other must
be injured. • The only left" for
her to decide was "Which shall it be?";
| "What could a mother do? .The situation
was certainly a trying-one "and It has
served as an interesting theme for •gossip
among those -New -York j intimates of the
Prince "and Princess who appreciate ' ro
.mantle situations in real life. ; ;. *
let one ) retain, that the other should not
receive. ;"-'< However she might act, one
daughter would if eel that her mother lhad
sacrificed her interests for those of the
other. :
1 .. Compromise Saves Her. s
, .•" Henry - E. ¦.Huntlngton is - now In: this
city. He will' leave for San Francisco In
about -a month.*; -He is prepared'to deny
all -the* facts in regard to the compromise,
as he- has* stated to" friends here -who
know- of ; them 'that ¦; he would do ' so".". • He
will go .-from San- Francisco to London.
To Be Consummated in ' Europe.
. When the -Prince- and, Princesa reached
this city from California without the af
fidavit from Mrs. Prentice, it was only
for ' consultation ' with attorneys. . .They
intended to return and -make all efforts
to. obtain the documents necessary to
support' the Prirscess' "claim. •" '
Now H.' E. , Huntington has agreed to
pay the $2,000,000 asked of him.'-
Then the complaint In the suit destined
never - come to- trial -was -filed. The
widdw again struggled for a compromise,
but without .success. The sum demanded
by /the" adopted- daughter ' was': IG.OOO.QOC.
Finally, the widow made a standing ofTer
to pay $4,000,000 If H. E. Huntlngton would
pay the other $2,000,000, and. leaving the
matter" in • the hands' of her" attorneys,
sailed for Europe. • / ¦ . >
Princess. At the first effort on the part
of the adopted daughter to secure a larger
share of -the- estate the widow consulted
H...E., Huntingdon and tried to prevail
upon him to join her in a compromise. He
positively ¦ refused. She offered to pay
rnore. than her pro rata, but. still he was
obdurate... V; , . '.
On the arrival of the writ of supersedeas from
the Circuit Court 1 was ill in bed. I was called
upon by the military authorities In the person
of Major Van Arsdale and Captain Trench, wha
When the defendants made a demand that
the receiver give a bond, of $100,000 on each
claim I consented, with the understanding that
the property pay the high premium for th«
bond.' which the.y declined to do. After various
phases of litigation a writ of supersedes was
received from the Circuit Court of Appeals. I
consider that I compiled with , It absolutely.
Contention, however, has been, made that t
issued an order directing- the Marshal not to
permit the ' defendants to take possession of
the gold which had been extracted from the
claims in dispute. This Is positively without
foundation.' Kever. by word, act or deed, did
I say or io anythlns. 1 directly or indirectly, to.
Interfere with cr obstruct the order of proeem
cf the higher court. Affidavits, however, wer»
placed to the Circuit Court as to the appear
ance' of. the records, and. upon the strength of
these Incorrect affidavits I have been clt?d to
appear and show cause why I \ should net b*
punished for contempt of court In railing to
comply with the'order In the matter of allow
ance of appeal. '• Instead of indulging in the
least possible ' evasion I. on the contrary, ex
erted every eiTort to enforce the court's order!
Duty of the Receiver.
Soon after my arrival at Nome the necessity
of immediately appointing receivers , of th*
Anvil Creek claims was urged and pressed upon
me. The appointment was flrst tendered to
James Matthews, but he was going to the out
side and did not care to take hold. I wm
practically unacquainted In the new region and
naturally desired a mail In whom I had con
fidence. By reason of my long acquaintance
ship with Alexander McKenzie and the re
sponsible positions which he had previously
held I requested him to take the position. R>
consented. I believed that the receivership
would be temporary. By reason of the difficul
ties to Immediately procure a large bond 1 1
fixed the sum in a small amount, with ths
idea, of enlarging later If deemed advisable,
which was done. . I directed that most of th«»
old employes of the company that operated the
claims be retained and that the property te
worked with expedition and economy. I fur
ther made an order as soon as the defendants
requested It that all the gold extracted from
the claims be. placed in safe deposit vaults, al
lowing them to be at the "clean-ups" and tha
privilege of weighing all gold.
¦With th« other officials I exnected to leava
Seattle about July 1 on the United States reve
nue cutter McCulloch. We intended to ko to
Juneau In company with Judse WIcksrsham
and there meet Judse Brown and arrange a
division of the district. In th? meantime I
received a telepram from Washington practi
cally advising that I so direct to Nome or St.
Michael. The , steamer Senator was th? first
available vessel to depart.' and District Attor
ney Woods arranged for our transportation
thereon It transpired that McKenzie had pre
viously secured passage on the same boat. Mr.
Chippa was also a passenger. I never knew
of him beyond a passing Introduction or of hH
having any litigation In the Alaska courts. I
had known Mr. McKenzie oemonally for stx
teen or eighteen years and had heard of his
connection with an Alaska mining company.
However. I did not know who were In Inter
est with him or anything about the company.
The Meeting With McKenzie.
Judge Noyes accorded an Interview to
The Call's correspondent to-night, re^.
viewing the litigation and giving for th©
first time a comprehensive statement
from his "side. He. said:
--"rxir^etRtanathat charirea of collusion with
various Individuals have been made asalnst
me, notably in the appointment of Alexander
McKenzie as receiver of several mining claims.
My appointment as Judse tras made about the
8th of June. J900. Fcr some -weeks prior to
that time I had not seen McKenzie to talie
with him. but did meet and have a short chat
with him in Washington th? day following my
appointment. After that I never saw or com
municated in any way. directly or Indirectly,
with him until we met In Seattle prior to my
departure for Nome. I had no knowledge un
til then of his Intended visit to the north.
Judge Noyes has also been cited' to ap
pear before th<» Circuit Court of Appeals
in Pan Francisco on October 14. In con
nection with the Nome mining litigation,
•which attracted widespread attention last
year. This trouble was the outcome of
the appointment of Alexander McKenzie
as receiver of celebrated Anvil Creek
claims.
SEATTLE. Auet. 22.-Arthur H. Noyes.
Judge of . the United . States District
Court of Alaska., Second Division, with
headquarters at Nome, was a passenger
on the steamer Roanoke. which arrived
from Nome to-night. Judge Noyes Is en
route to "Washington. He has been
granted a leave of absence by Attorney
General Knox.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
He "Will Go to Washington to Tall
of the Tumult and Liti
gation in the
North.
Explanation of Manner in
- "Which McKenz ; e "Was
Appointed.
Nome Judge Declares
That He Has Been
Maligned.
NOYES GIVES
HIS VERSION
OF SCANDAL
PRINCESS CLARA VON HATZFELDT MAKES COMPROMISE WITH HUNTINGTONS,
UNDER WHICH SHE AGREES TO ABANDON CONTEST OF WILL FOR $6,000,000
WIDOW OF THE DEAD RAILROAD MAGNATE
WILL PAY TWO-THIRDS OF THE AMOUNT
VOLUME XC-NO. 34.
SAN : FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, AUGUST J 23, 1901^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Titled Couple Will
Soon Pay San Fran
cisco Another . Visit
The San Francisco Call.Mrs. De Forest's Alleged .Legacy.
IRVING, Kans., Aug. 22.-Mrs. Mary
Frances de Forest, when asked at her
home to-day concerning the report that
her uncle, Henry Dolan of New York, had
She notified the Equitable Gas Company
of that fact." and at noon yesterday J. J.
Kelly and Fred Groth. employes of the
gas company, visited the flat, effecting
an entrance by force, discovered Profes
sor Ross and his wife dead, and the gas
escaping from two open burners.
Both the unfortunates were fully
dressed. Mrs. Ross lay on the floor,
clutching the end of the window curtain
In her hand, and her husband lay on a
lounge near by, face downward, with his
feet on the dead woman's breast. '
Deputy' Coroner Flynn made a . careful
search of the premises and found two
empty phials, one labeled "chloral hy
drate" and the other, "bromide of pot
ash." both these poisons being used ordi
narily to quit' the nerves or to induce
sleep." It Is supposed that the woman pro
cured the drugs for the purpose of over
coming the effects of her debauch.
Several' letters were found in the room,
one from Attorney Henry H. Davis of 420
California street, expressing . his regret
that Professor Ross had not kept his
the Burnham-Standeford Mill Company,
pronounces the story that the wholesale
men are going to cease selling lumber to
union mills a fake. "That story was a
rumor started at the outset of the strike
and there was never any foundation , in
fact for it," said Mr. McBoyle.
PROFESSOR ROBERT T. ROSS, THE MUSIC TEACHER, AND HIS WIFE, WHO WERE FOUND DEAD IN
THEIR ROOMS ASPHYXIATED BY GAS, AND THE SCENE OF THE DOMESTIC TRAGEDY WHICH IS BE
LIEVED TO HAVE BEEN CAUSED BY DESPONDENCY. ...
. Hoffman's Flyta* Machine.
LONDON, Aug. 22.-Engineerin* de
scribes minutely R. J. Hoffman's flying
machine, which Is nearlngr completion In
Berlin, as being very similar to Professor
Lanrley's. but adds that it has some es
sential improvements, including a water
tube boiler and & compound condensing
engine. *^
this city.
Professor E. S. Bonelli of 381 Jones
street, in whose conservatory of music
Ross was an Instructor, said last night
that while he could not explain why Rosa
should have committed suicide he thought
he had a pretty good idea of how it might
nave come about. About a year ago he
said. Ross, who was one of the finest
guitarists in the city, expressed his de
termination to learn the banjo, to learn
it thoroughly and in shorter time than
ahy one had ever done It before. At this
time Ross was quite fully occupied with
teaching, but In spite of this he tackled
the banjo and by working nights and be
tween class hours succeeded in mastering
the Instrument- Bonelli warned him but
without avail. One day Ross collapsed
and for three months his >mtnd was an
absolute blank. ( During part of the timo
he was violently insane and it was only
careful nursing by hia friends. that re
stored hia reason. Roas nad had no re
lapse since, BonelH says, but for the past
few days has been nervous and irrltablo.
left her W.OOOJXX), eald: "As far as I
know there i» not a word of truth in the
report, and if there was I ahould «ay
nothing about 1%.". •
Lumber Dealers Want Laborers.
LOS ANGELES, ,- Aug. i 22.— A " call : f or a
Protective Association -Sleets.
A meeting of the San Francisco Protec
tive Association was held yesterday • aft
ernoon at 214 1 California -street. ' President
J.'.T: Hurley wasin- the^chalfc ''The. Brew
era' Protective Association, 1 Bottlers' and
Sand Teamster Arrested.
. J. F. ' Harper of the Sand Teamsters'.
Union was arrested last I night by.' Police
Officer J.'' Culllnane- and; charged ;. at -the
central; station with .carrying a concealed
weapon. The arrest /was made on Eighth
street. - : * . . - '- ¦ - . .
Striker Receives Knife Wound.
Furey Released. on Bail.
John McDonald, a union teamster, had
a fight with some non-union drivers at
Eighth", and Bryant, streets yesterday
afternoon. McDonald received a knife
wound in the left knee Joint, which he had
dressed at the City and County Hospital. 1
McDonald lives at 537 Bryant street and
was one of the men who quit his job when
tho teamsters' strike was declared.' He
declined to enter Into any particulars • re
garding how he received -his wound fur
ther than to state that it was In a fight. -
Edward . Furey, special officer I at , the
Risdon Iron 'Works,' was ¦ booked at the
City, Prison yesterday, on a charge of as
sault to murder for 'shooting Peter Cal
lahan, a striker, during a disturbance at
Jackson and-. East - streets,- "Wednesday
evening. - Callahan Is, not dangerously In
jured and Furey was released on $500 cash
bail, put up by Attorney Joseph Coffey
on behalf "of the Employers' Association.
San Joss Unions to Give Benefit
SAN JOSE, Aug. 22.— A grand labor
demonstration will be held at Turn Vereln
Hall on Saturday evening under the aus
pices of the labor unions of this city for
the purpose of raising funds to aid the
strikers in San Francisco.- All the unions
will participate in the parade and the
bands will consolidate to make noise for
the marchers along the streets and later
In the evening will render music In Turn
Verein Hall, where there will be speeches
by prominent labor leaders.
Several of the local unions have con
tributed liberally to the funds for the as
sistance of the strikers In San Francisco,
some of them giving as high as $50. . At
this meeting . Saturday evening the com
mittee anticipates raising a large sum,
•which will be applied to the strike fund. -
Remit Strikers' Dues.
At ' a recent meeting of St. Patrick's
Mutual Alliance Association of California
resolutions were unanimously adopted to
remit 1 the dues of all. members now out
on strike and to : retain such members in
good standing until the strike ' is settled
or until J they obtain i employment. - - The
officers of the association are as follows:
President, Thomas M. Searey; first vies
president. T. M. McGrath; , second vice
president. Frank -McCarrick; treasurer, J.
H. McGinney; - financial secretary, •W. J."
Gorman; recording secretary, Thomas F
Alford;. ' corresponding -S secretary, T.vB.
Gibbons ; board of trustees, William Mella
J. A. Foley. C. J. McDonald and M. M.
Maherin. ¦ • — • " .
STRIKE BREAK / IN '.OAKLAND.
ber on Wharf.
Longshoremen "Will Handle the Lum-
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.-The strike . situa
tion has been eased up: greatly upon this
side of the bay. by v the decision of the
Longshoremen's Union of Alameda Coun
ty that they will handle lumber after; It
has been placed upon the dock, no matter
whether it was placed there by union;or
non-union labor. This action • of one of
the strongest unions in Alameda County
was taken In order that the building
trades might not be embarrassed.
The union held a meeting this morning
and after "a very short discussion of the
situation the members decided . that they
would not inquire as to. how lumber got
upon the wharf as long as they were not
required to work with .non-union hands.
This is a great break -in the sympathetic
strike on. this side of the bay, for. it has
been. the general decision of the unions
that they would not handle any material
that had once ' passed through i non-union
hands. This will probably enable all the
shipping on the Oakland water ; front to
resume • operations,.- for men can be ; had
that .will unload the vessels if the .lumber
and : cargoes can be handled after they,
are deposited upon the wharf. 'A number
of " owners of' vessels have • been able to
get the cargoes ashore, but they have not
been ; able to t get , them off the wharves
afterward. ¦ The work: of clearing the
wharves I under this arrangement will be
gin to-morrow morning. - , . ¦
. The men In ' C. R. Allen's coal . yard
struck . at • noon v to-day. - Mr.- Allen suc
, ceeded in getting 200 tons of coal in the
schooner Roughs and Ready, and began
unloading the coal to-day.*- Mr. '. Allen's
union- men learned that the coal had been
handled;, by a" non-^-union-^crew . in- San
Francisco when if was transferred' from
the collier.tothe'schooner.and all of his
man walked out. „• Allen continued hauling
the i coal - with such non-union • help \ as' he
could secure: . r -. . .. . .
-George McBoyle, T the vice president of
Renner Denies Rumor.
, A rumor was current in the business
section - of - the city yesterday - that the
trouble between the Draymen's Associa
tion and the Brotherhood of Teamsters
had been settled and that the strike
would consequently be declared off within
a few days. • • • . -'• _. ¦¦" • ': " : ¦
Manager Renner of the Draymen's As
sociation said last night that the rumor
wa» groundless. He-said that he had met
President Casey of the Brotherhood cf
Teamsters ¦ Wednesday evening purely by
accident, and the fact that they discussed
the strike In a friendly way furnished the
basis for the report that a settlement was
being arranged.
"There can be a settlement of this trou
ble only on one basis," added Mr. Renner.
"That will be on the lines laid down by
the Employers' Association. The sooner
the strikers realize -this the sooner will
the strike be settled. That Is all there is
to the matter.'!. . :¦'¦•<>?&
Collier "Will Be Repaired and Sent
North Immediately.
The work of ' discharging the ' collier
Czarina was completed- at Chandler's
bunkers yesterday. She will be' taken to
Hunters Point drydock to-day, where sho
will ' undergo repairs and upon the com
pletion of which she will go to the Sound
for another load of coal. : '
Captain Hall of the South Portland said
yesterday that his ship would be ready
to sail this morning. He said also that
he had six men in the crew that would
take his vessel out that' had quit the
union, and that in his flreroom he had
four Japanese whom he had brought down
from Seattle and two union men that had
joined his ship here. ¦
There Is a war on at Port Costa be
tween the stevedore firms that have con
tracts to load the vessels. The war Is
the direct, result of. the strike and is due
to the failure of some of. the contractors
to get men to load the ships. The. grain
merchants want their vessels loaded and
have not hesitated to make new contracts
with men who can get enough hand3 to
do the work. McAllister & Co. lost two
vessels because ! they failed"' to get men
to handle the cargoes. Woodslde & Co.
agreed to load the vessels and yesterday
morning sent up enough-men to do the
work. The stevedores were carried from
this city to' Port Costa • -In gasoline
launches, one launch containing sixteen
an"d the other nineteen men. ¦
Cabaniss' Decision.
Duty to Be Done Regardless of Judge
"Irrespect4ve of" Judge Cabanlss' deci
sion, I want you all to do police duty.
Do not resort to violence unless you feel
that the laws which you have sworn to
uphold are being transgressed or that
your lives are in danger. | Preserve the
peace at all hazards, even at the cost of
being taken before •' his Honor Judge
Cabaniss and fined. The Chief of Police
and the Police Commissioners will uphold
you, providing that you do not ignore
the instructions that ' have ¦ been , given
you."
It •was with considerable feeling
that Captain Wittman thus ad
dressed his men at . the Central
Police Station yesterday , morning. The
guardians of the peace were preparing to
go to their respective stations when Cap
tain Wittman, who had just finished read
ing the decision of Judge Cabaniss in the
case of Police Officer Knight, proceeded to
address them. ¦ .¦ , ,. .
"This . department has always been
friendly with Cabanlss," he declared.' "I
know a number of officers who spent their
money* to help secure his election. As
the reward he now turns on the very men
who helped him and convicts one of. the
number for trying to do his duty.",
Captain Wittman then asked his men to
remain cool on even the most trying oc
casions, but to use their clubs when they
found It necessary. He also assured them
that the Chief, of 'Police would uphold
their acts under, such circumstances. . . :
Hon-Union Man. Robbed.
"A gang of, thugs has been operating
south of. Market street during the past
few nights, attacking. non-union men and
strangers and robbing them of their
money and valuables. - Their latest vic
tim Is John- Riley, who halls from San
Jose. Rlley was walking along Third
Street last night when he was accosted
by one of the gang, who asked him If he
had a ,union card. After replying in the
negative Riley started. 'to • walk 'away,
•when he was. set, upon s by ;the gang, and
robbed of $6. and a silver watch. He re
ported his loss to the uollce. ,
- As there has been so. - many robberies
in the - same vicinity Captain Wittman
has stationed two of his : men" at Third
and Mission streets to keep a sharp look
out for the gang. ¦ HmEP"* '":' -¦ 1
WITTMAN ADDRESSES POLICE.
PROFESSOR R. T. ROSS, a music
teacher, and his wife committed
suicide on Wednesday night by
asphyxiating themselves with il
luminating gas at their home,
B14A Jones street. No motive is assigned
for the rash deed,. but It is believed that
they became despondent because of the
pressure of : creditors.
Mrs. Maggie Erickson of 681 Geary
street says she saw Mrs. Ross Intoxicated
on the Street in front of the Ross resi
dence last Wednesday afternoon at half
past 5 o'clock. Mrs. Ross was bleeding
from a cut over the right eye, evidently
caused by a fall. Professor Ross was
leading his wife Into the house..
Mrs. Sadie Wollenberg of . 516 Jones
street Informed Deputy Coroner Flynn
that she observed a strong odor of lllum
inating gas proceeding from the fiat at
514A at 9 o'clock last Wednesday, night.
thousand laborers, has been sent out by
the Lumber Dealers' Association or San
Francisco, which call has extended to
this city, as the subjoined advertisement
will show: ¦' . ..'."-' ¦'..'.
ONE thousand men wanted— Sailors,' steve
dores, laborers; steady employment and good
wages if work Is • satisfactory. Apply Lum
ber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner build
• injf. San Francisco. • . . . ¦
STRIKE SYMPATHIZERS
I ATTACK RAILROAD HANDS
Discover That They Made a Mistake
'After They Have Roughly
Handled the Men! .
; 22.-An omnibus
crowded: with negroes— forty-two In num
ber—created - a great deal of excitement
to-night on its Journey from the Balti
more and 'Ohio station to the Buffalo.
Rochester and Pittsburg station In Alle
gheny. Shortly after the trip was begun
between the stations the report was start
ed that the men were strike breakers and
a large crowd followed them, jeering and
hooting. A stop was made on Smithfield
street for some reason or other and four
of the negroes alighted. Before they
could get- back the vehicle started and
the men .had to walk across the bridge.
A crowd of probably 200 men followed
them on to the structure and when about
midway across made an assault on the
four men. The negroes were rather
roughly handled, but none were seriously
hurt. Later it was learned that tho
negroes were being shipped to Clearfltld,
Pa., from Elkins, W. Va., to do some rail
road work and were in no way implicated
as strike breakers. They were finally put
aboard their train.
In justice to the strikers themselves It
can be said that they were not mixed up
in the affair, the attacking crowd being
composed entirely of ruffians.
Manufacturers' Protective Association,
German Saloon-keepers' Protective Asso
ciation, Retail Grocers' Protective Union,
Retail Liquor Dealers' and Barkeepers'
Protective .Association and\ the', Retail
Grocers' Association were represented at
the meeting. The annual election of offi
cers resulted as follows: President, J. T.
Hurley; vice president, John • Hagler;
treasurer, David B. Faktor; secretary,
Edmund Lauterbach. . - - ,
Building Trades Council Denies a
Published Report.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build
ing Trades Council, issued a statement
last night, upon approval of the council,
in denial of the published report from
Oakland /that the lumbermen would re
fuse'to supply lumber to the mills that
acceded to the demands of the Building
Trades Council. Following is the state
ment in part: ;>¦ .
¦ For some -time past strenuous efforts have
been made by tome parties with: a view to In
volving the building/industry In the contro
versy now waging between the miscellaneous
trades and the employers of this city. In no
case, however, has it been more flagrant than
In that put forward by Mr. Kendall of Oak
land, as published In the Examiner of the
21st and 22d. The Building Trades Council
is deslrous.of repudiating any such statement.
It has had its controversy with the mill own
ers, which was settled by a board of arbitra
tion made up of some of the best men In' the
city and county, and the statement made In
the Examiner to the effect that the mill owners
were given by the Building Trades Council six
months within which to unionize is, to say
the. least, very . misleading and Is done pre
sumably with a view to bring- about a doubt
In the minds of the business men, as also the
workers themselves, to the end ¦ that trouble
be brought about at any cost. This the Build-
Ing Trades Council will not tolerate. It Is
now and has been for some time at peace and
in harmony with those whom Mr. Kendall
would like to have us believe are negotiating
for a fight. •••••- . .» — ¦ -
It muet be -remembered that the Mill Owners'
Association of Alameda meets regularly every
Tuesday night, and that being the cafia it flatly
contradicts the statements made in . the press
that it met on 'Tuesday night for the purpose
of discussing the proposed boycott and also
that a meeting was to be held in San Fran
cisco next week, at which time this question
was to be settled finally.
No such meeting was ever contemplated by
anybody, unless it be Mr. Kendall and his press
correspondent, and the best proof of that is
that no man doing business in the building or
lumber Industry knows anything about It. and
if the press agent was looking for reliable In
formation he would not have gone" to Oakland
to get it, because all the matters concerning
this controversy have been carried on in San
Francisco and all great Interests therein have
their headquarters here, hence it is apparent
that those whose names have been linked with
this latest labor scare were not sincere.
CZARINA IS DISCHARGED.
Point to the Fact That Vessels Are
Running as Usual.
Many of the steamship managers claim
that as far as they are concerned the
strike is over with. In support of their
claims they point to the fact that their
\essels are. running and that they, arrive
hefe'and leave with' full creWB.'- '
Captain Goodall of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company said In discussing
the situation yesterday: ssi >.,
"We have .ISO men! working on the wharf
and from these we can select enough sail
ors and firemen to ? keep bur vessels run
ning. We are' fully equipped, particularly
for »the sound steamers. The Walla
Walla, the Umatilla and the Puebla are
running steadily. The Pomona, which
runs between here and Eureka, makes her
trips and so do the vessels that we have
on the. run between this port and Santa
Cruz and the ships that go from, here to
San Diego and return are making their
regular trips.
"The men who are working for us now
will remain in our employ after this dif
ficulty is settled, no matter how it may
end.. They are giving us entire satisfaction
and we will grade them according to their
merits. We were agreeably surprised at
the ease with which we obtained flreroom
help. We were handicapped, of course,
the first few days of the strike, but are
now perfectly satisfied with the turn af
fairs have taken. Under ordinary cir
cumstances we employ 170 firemen. We
now have 140 and they are doing the
work."
WILL CHARGE DEMURRAGE.
Southern Pacific Serves Notice on the
Draymen.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
notified the members of the Draymen's
Association yesterday that commencing
to-day the company would charge demur
rage on all freight not removed from cars
within forty^eight hours after the arrival
of the train. The demurrage rate Is 15
cents per ton per day.
Secretary Renner of the association said
yesterday that he had communicated with
Scott R. Chappel, local freight agent of
the Southern . Pacific, and requested him
to rescind the order, and that he expected
that his request would be granted. Under
ordinary circumstances the draymen have
to pay the demurrage, but under the
present conditions the . charge would be
collected from the firms to which the
freight Is consigned. -
MANAGERS CLAIM: VICTORY.
THE developments In Iron trades
circles . yesterday were somewhat
Interesting. . Five of the imolders
who went back to the Union Iron
Works on Monday failed to ap
pear yesterday morning, greatly to the
satisfaction of the union pickets about
the works. Two of these . were ,. enticed
away by strikers. During the day infor
mation was received by the Union Iron
Works management that two of the men
were besieged at their homes- at an ; early
hour by strikers, who did not leave- their
posts until nearly 9 o'clock. The men
were afraid to leave their homes in. the
face of overwhelming odds, and rather
than take chances they remained within
doors.
Another man who failed to appear at
the works sent word that he was in his
bed suffering from a number of more or
less serious contusions about the face and
body. He reported that while on his way
to the works he was assaulted by sev
eral men and badly beaten. He was well
nigh beaten into a state of insensibility
and when he recovered his assailants had
fled. He thereupon returned to his home,
where he will remain for several days
under cover. He states that he will re
turn to work as soon as he is able to do
SO. - ¦:..-
t President Henry T.. Scott of the Union
Iron Works said yesterday that ten new
men applied for and were given work at
the works during the morning. These
men were distributed throughout the var
ious departments of the works. All of
them, he said, were old employes, but he
was unwilling to vouch for their being
union men. In discussing the situation
Mr. Scott said: -
We lost five men to-day and gained
ten, making a net gain to the works of
five men. Two of the molders were un
able to appear at the works this morning,
owing to the fact that their houses were
surrounded with men whose threatening
manner filled the molders with alarm. The
besiegers guarded the premises until
nearly 9 o'clock, and then departed. In
formation of the occurrence was tele
phoned to us iater In the day. j Notwith
standing the denials of the strike leaders,
our working.force is growing every -day."
Inquiry at; the Risdon Iron Works de
veloped- the information that three ma
chinists '.went to work in that establish
ment yesterday. It is claimed these men
belong to the machinists' union, but the
union pickets deny this vehemently.
The management of the Risdon Iron
Works declares that there were numerous
applications by molders for employment
during the week, but there being no-va
cancies the applications were necessarily
denied. The men were sent to other-es
tablishments, however, and all are now at
work. !
NO PLANING-MILL TROUBLE.
will submit to you and. we can recommend
It to the board for adoption." ¦
The resolution Reed referred to" was a 1
criticism of the act of the president of
the Police Commission, though he stated
that it was not Intended as such.
The secretary, read the resolution and
Tobin agreed to recommend it to the
Board of Supervisors provided certain
features, which savored too strongly of
condemnation of the police, were stricken
out Supervisor Reed agreed to obliterate
the objectionable paragraphs, and the res
olution as changed was adopted.
Criticism for Newhall.
It reads as follows:
"Whereas. The business of San Francisco Is
paralysed by an extensive BtrlHe. which threat
ens to Dennanently Impair the city's prosper
ity, and in the progress of which the president
of the Police Commission in his capacity of
president of the Chamber of Commerce has
seen fit to stigmatize the condition of the city
as riotous and has called upon the Mayor to
Issue a proclamation ordering the people to be
peaceful, and also asking him If necessary to
call upen the Governor of the State for mili
tary aid in maintaining:, law and order In the
i municipality i and whereas, the police force of
the city has been Increased by the sudden ap
pointment of special policemen; whereas, the
condition of the city Is -one of peace and quiet
and the conduct of the laboring men who are
j on a strike has been characterized in the main
by sobriety and order and reflects credit upon
their good citizenship; and whereas, the letter
of the president of the Board of Police Com
missioners containing the said statement is not
warranted by the facts and has been charac
terized by the Mayor as unwise and unneces
sary; and whereas, the appointment of the said
special police is regarded by large numbers of
our citizens as reckless and unjustified and
exasperates them to the point of believing
that the Police Department is aiding one party
to the labor conflict, the Employers' Associa
tion, at the expense of the other party, the
¦wag-e-earners; now, therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors of
the city and county of San Francisco condemns
the intemperate lansruage of President < New
hal! of the Police Commission and declares
that the conduct of the striking wage-earners
has been In the main highly creditable to their
citizenship; that. with, nearly 20,000 men on a
strike it is not to be expected that some dis
turbances of the peace should not occur, but
that no occasion exists for proclamation by
the Mayor or for the calling out of the mili
tary by the Governor; and be it further
I Resolved, That the character and qualifica
tions of special police officers should' be scru
pulously inquired Into before, appointment;
that they should be required to wear uniforms
and should be ; under the special and continu
ous supervision of the regular police; and be ,
It further ¦-
Resolved. That the Police Department should
preserve absolute Impartiality between the par
ties of the present labor controversy; that the
•wage-earners and employes are equally en
titled to the service of the police and that the
functions of the police should be strictly con
fined to maintaining the peace and they should
not directly or indirectly give aid or assistance
to either of the parties "to the labor contro
versy.
. PITTSBURG-. Aug. 22.— Aside- from the
palatial equipment of the Star Tin-Plate
mill of the American Tln-Plate Company
and the preparation for its immediate re
sumption of business there were ' no spe
cial developments in the strike situation
in this vicinity to-day. No further trouble
occurred at the Pennsylvania Tube * Works
and at all other strike points quiet reigns.
The Amalgamated people'point with pride
to' their members' conduct In restraining
themselves from violence when they see
non-unionists being marched into the mills
to take their places. The incident at the
Star plant this morning 13 given as an ex
ample-of special significance, and, to use
an Amalgamated official's expression,
shows that the men have been educated to
the knowledge. that their strongest weap
on in such cases Is silence and submission
until it is demonstrated that the mills
cannot be operated successfully without
the aid of the skilled men now on strike.
The steel men, on the-»other hand, are
highly pleased with their success in man
ning the Star plant and say that If the
men they secure are not molested it will
be but a short time until. all other mills
will be in fullf operation and doing good
work.; v / .
While the strikers assert that four of the
new men at the Star plant have deserted
the company and say that others would
leave if they could get out of the mill,
Superintendent Harper maintains that he
has 100 men at work. .that none has de
serted and that the men can go and come
from the mill as they please.
The Painter mill has 250 men at work
and the management expects to ba run
ning fullhanded by next week. Two mills
are being operated . at the Lindsay &
McCutcheon plant, one of the 10-inch
mills. No sign of a break in the Carnegie
upper and lower union plants made Us
appearance to-day. McKeesport- is still
completely tied up, but an attempt may
be made to start the" Demmler tin wqrks
to-night with men secured from outside
points. The strikers are still vigilant as
pickets, but are keeping quiet and making
no threats, i ' • : . • -
At Irondale the tin plate company
gained another victory to-day by the suc
cessful start of one set of rolls. There
are said to be enough men in the plant
. to man one mill one turn and the com
pany officials say that, now the break has
been made, they will get the men back.
A delegation of strikers from Wellsville
went to Irondale to-night with the inten
tion of having a talk with the men at
work and persuading them to quit.
At Amalgamated headquarters In this
city the day was devoted almost entirely
to routine business and nothing of un
usual importance, occurred. President
Shaffer said to-night that no movement
has yet been made by either side looking
to arbitration or mediation. There was,
however, a tendency among many of the
labor leaders to-day to discuss the pos
sibility of arbitration and on every Bide
was heard mentioned the name of Gov
ernor W. A. Stone as an arbitrator or con
ciliator and it, is said he will be asked to
tender his good offices in this direction.
Believe That Mills Cannot
Be Operated Without
; Skilled Labor.
The police committee of the Board of Supervisors failed to agree yesterday upon Reed's pro
posed ordinance compelling special police officers, to wear uniforms, bnt resolutions condemning Police
Commissioner Kewhall for the Chamber of Commerce letter to the Mayor -were recommended .to the
Supervisors for passage. Five moldera deserted tlie Union Iron Works and ten additional mechanics
applied for and were Riven work. Tbree more machinists joined the force at the Risdon Iron Works.
Thirty-five stevedores were sent to Port Costa to Join the grain-loading force there.
Offer No Resistance to
Men Who -Are Taking
Their Places.
STEEL WORKERS
BEHAVE QUIETLY
PROFESSOR R. T. ROSS AND HIS
WIFE SUFFOCATE THEMSELVES
Tragic Suicide of a' Despondent Music Teacher and His Spouse Be
cause They Are Dunned by Their Creditors — Man arid Woman
Found Dead on Floor of Their Room With Gas Burners Open
promise. All the letters were on money
m Mr C Davis said last evening that he was
introduced to Professor Ross two years
ago by Professor Bonelli of 301 Jones
street, and that he performed legal ser
vices for Professor Boss and loaned him
$35 making the indebtedness $&>. Tna
pVofessor hid neglected to keep hia i prom
ise to call at the office and pay the bill,
and on July 30 of this year Mr. Davis
• wrote the note found in the room, by the
• D M°r U S ! y Ros r s n nId been employed- as re
toucher In the photographic gallery of Ar
i thur Genthe. 790 Sutter street. ¦ «
Professor Ross had a daughter living In
SUPERVISORS' POLICE COMMITTEE
PREPARES CENSURE FOR NEWHALL
Reed's Proposed Ordinance Relating to Uniforming of Special Po-
licemen Is Not Passed Upon—Strike Situation Shows Little
Change and Day's Additions to the* Working Force Are Small
Reed, at this ;uncture, pulled a document
from his pocket and turning- to Tobin
said: .
"We can at least introduce a resolution.
That is within our Jurisdiction. I have a
document here I have prepared, which I
Chairman Tobin then spoke in defense
of the police.
"Personally," he said, "I think they
have, individually, exercised gTeat dis
cretion. This is a difficult matter to deal
with and the Police Department is sup
posed to be thoroughly conversant with
the affair." -i " * .
Tobin Defends Police.
"This strike would not have lasted three
days had not the officers been placed
there. The drivers who took our places
were as a rule strangers to the city and
did not know the location of any of the
places to which they were to deliver loads.
The police, however, directed them and
in many cases have helped the drivers un
load their drays. We have presented all
these facts to the Mayor and have offered
to furnish the names of the officers whom
our pickets have seen helping the drivers,
but we have received no satisfaction. All
we want is fair play and we will guar
antee that there will be no trouble."
"No, there Is no need of the presence
of a policeman on the trucks. It only
serves to provoke the men whose places
the drivers of (.he trucks have taken. The
display of force causes the men to lose
their tempers, and though we are satis
lied that we can prevent any/ infractions
of the law, we do not feel that we want
to be ' held responsible for deeds which
intimidation provokes."
Michael Casey, president of the City
Front Federation, protested against the
presence of police officers on the trucks
driven by non-union drivers. Casey said:
"The employers seem to have the en
tire power of the Police Department at
their disposal. The bringing into the labor
controversy of the special policemen is
one of the moves that is used frequently
by employers in the event of a strike. .At
critical periods they are brought In to In
cite riot and thus make an excuse for the
calling out of the militia. This strike has
been an orderly one. in fact never before
in the history cf a strike of such propor
tions has such order been maintained. If
the Board of Supervisors will pass a reso
lution condemning the letter of Police
Commissioner JCewhall it will sooth the
minds of the people, and make known the
fact that the city is not a scene of riot
and in need of the presence of the sol
diery."
Rosenberg was followed by Walter Mac
arthur, who also spoke of the efforts
made by the leaders ofcthe labor organi
zations to preserve peace. In reply to a
question put to him by Chairman Tobin,
Macarthur said: s
Specials Cause Riots.
"We believe that the working people of
this city have been unjustly treated. We
sought redress from the Mayor and failed
to get it and we now come before the
Board of Supervisors. The entire police
force has been thrown on the side of the
employers and we appeal to the board for
an expression cf opinion on the line that
is being followed. We make the request
to help us preserve peace. There are
more than 20,000 people idle in this city
to-day and the police by injudicious acts
can easily create riot. We hold that the
police in many Instances have over-
Etepped the bounds.
Ordinance Under Discussion.
Before the matter was entirely dis
missed Reed said:
"Why should special. police officers have
greater freedom than the regular officers?
The latter is heavily fined if he appears on
duty attired in other than the uniform
prescribed by police regulations. The spe
cials, though hired by private parties, are
amenable to the same regulations, which
provide that a uniform shall be worn."
"There are a great many specials,"
Tobin responded, "who do not wear uni
forms."
In further support of his ordinance. Su
pervisor Reed said:
"Uniforms would add "greatly to the ef
ficiency of these men. These officers were
appointed in such large numbers that
Chief Sullivan, to whom the matter of
making Inquiries as to their character
was referred, had no opportunity to Judge
of their fitness. A man in private clothes
going among strikers acts as an irritant.
/To see a man with no badge of authority
¦wielding police power raises them to a
pitch of high indignation and acts as an
incentive to further irritation. There are
now as many specials on duty as there
are regulars."
Chairman Tobin in response to Reed's
talk said:
"I do not believe that we can pass such
an ordinance. We got into trouble once
by interfering with the Board of Educa
tion and 1 think the passage of the ordi
nance we are discussing would be inter
fering with the Police Commissioners."
Secretary Rosenberg of the Labor Coun
cil then 'addressed the members of the
committee. He said: ; •
SUPERVISOR REED'S ordinance
decreeing that the recently ap
pointed special policemen be com
pelled to -wear uniforms -while on
duty, which was referred to the
Health and Police Committee of the board
by the Supervisors August 19. was under
discussion at the meeting of the commit
tee yesterday. On account of the absence
of Supervisor Stafford action on the ordi
nance was deferred, though the entire aft
ernoon was spent by Supervisors Tobin
and Reed and representatives of the labor
unions in discussing its merits. Super
visor Tobin was not in favor of the ordi
nance, contending that In his opinion the
passage of such a' law by the Supervisors
would be an infringement upon the power
granted the Police Commissioners by the
charter. He said he preferred to hear
from the Police Department before ven
turing to place his approval or dlsapj
proval on the proposed ordinance.
Commissioner Newhall and Chief of
Police Sullivan had been notified that
their presence was desired at the meeting,
but neither of them put in an appearance,
and as the members of the committee
were divided on the subject, Tobin sug
gested that the matter be laid over until
the presence of Supervisor Stafford couia
be secured. 2, _ ,.
J. T. Burke, for the Market Street Rail
road Company, asked that in case the or
dinance be approved an exception be made
of the forty or more special policemen in
the service of that company.
"It would humiliate these men, said
Mr. Burke, "to wear a special s uniform.
"Do you mean to say. Mr. Burke, that
the man employed by your company Is a
higher dignitary than the employe of. the
city?" asked Reed.
"I certainly do," said Burke.
"Well," answered Reed, "I do not agree
¦with you. I think there is nothing higher
than employment by this city, and there
is no humiliation connected with the
wearing of a uniform showing that a man
is on the payroll of the municipality."
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAI/L, > FRIDAY, AUGUST, 23, 1901.
2
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
.SCOURING YOUR SCALP
Will Bemove the Loose Dandruff
Scales But It "Won't Cure Dandruff.
If your hair Is brittle and thinning you
have dandruff. The 1 mere scouring of the
scalp of tfce loose scales won't cure dan-
druff, because dandruff Is nothing but
scales cf scalp being thrown up by a pes-
tiferous little germ in burrowing its way
to the root of the hair, where it saps the
vitality, causing falling hair and In time
baldness. Now, you can't stop dandruff
nor falling hair, nor prevent baldness,- un-
less you destroy that germ, and the only
preparation that- can do it is the new scl-
. entiflc discovery. Newbro's Herplcide. In
fact no other hair preparation claims to
kill the dandruff germ; all of them will
clean the scalp: soap and. water will do
that; but only Newbro's Herpidde gets at
the root of the trouble and kills the dan-
druff cerm. ¦
ffl 33 . . • 4 •• r - .' f\\A
|i| All over the world Schlitz beer is known and is the standard. K^f
fjnt In Vladivostock, Pretoria, Shanghai, Singapore, Bombay, Cairo sP&
j«rig and Constantinople it is the beer of civilization. rV^J
||gg Schlitz beer has won the world's markets by its reputation for LJ*J
kgS purity, maintained for half a century. Wherever white men live »jl|
jjgigl Schlitz beer is acknowledged the pure beer. Our pledge' to you §£xj
f^^ an d our pledge to all nations is that never will a bottle o$ Schlitz j|wa
'|\J beer go out until. we have insured its purity; never a bottle K|^
!?J§5| Schlitz beer, wherever you find it, is healthful; it Is tp*^
H WORLD-FAMOUS I
j2Sa and haa made Milwaukee famous - ........ Ecs<q
WM . >Phone Main W, Sherwood & Sherwood, 213-lt Market St., San Francisco. WssThe Temps (semi-official) has a note
this afternoon on the lines ' of the Inter
view which a correspondent obtained yes
terday with a high official of the Foreign
Office, saying:
The coming: of the Czar Is causing; In
tense satisfaction throughout the coun
try. All the councils general are now
sitting and even those in which the op
ponents of the ' Government are in the
majority are- passing resolutions warmly
congratulating President Loubet and the
Ministry on the occasion of the Czar's
visit, which is regarded as a happy re
sult of the Government's foreign policy.
Visit of the Czar.
The newspapers here, under the Influ
ence of the overwhelming joy at the
Czar's approaching visit, are paying
scant attention to Constantinople, and
are generally taking: the view that the
matter will soon be settled to France's
satisfaction.
will run the risk of opening 1 the Eastern
question on the eve of the Czar's visit."
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 22.— Contest pro
ceedings against the will of the late Dr.
Samuel I* Szarvash, who died recently
at his home near Healdsburg, have been
brought in the Superior Court. He left
an estate valued at over 52O.00O, and di
rected that his property be divided be
tween his widow and the children of his
deceased brother, residents of Vienna.
The contestant is Frederick Plan, a
nephew, who alleges that the purported
will Is not genuine. - -
Declares Will Is Not Genuine.
PASTOR DROPS DEAD
IN HIS PARSONAGE
Final Summons Comes Suddenly to
the Rev. W. M. Leftwich of
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22.— Rev. W. M.
Leftwich, who was appointed pastor ' of
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
South, dropped . dead yesterday at', the
parsonage. He had beer* apparently in
the best of health and his death, which
was due to a stroke of apoplexy, was a
great shock to his friends and parishion
ers.
Dr. Leftwich was transferred to this
city from the Northwest Texas confer
ence, having been stationed at El Paso.
His old home was Nashville, Tenn., and
his body will be shipped to that city. He
left three children, all of whom are
grown. - . . .
Heroism Brings Him to Death.
SEATTLE, Aug. 22.— John Decamp, who
was terribly burned while searching In his
blazing home for a servant he supposed
to be imprisoned in her room, died this
morning. Decamp was a well-known
commission man . of Seattle, formerly in
-the same business in St. Paul.
ANGELS CAMPi Aug. 22.— Fire broke
out last night in the residence of Frank
Gorlch and. before any help could be had
an 18-months-old child was burned to
death. Two houses and their contents
and a barn were destroyed. The loss is
about $3000 and the insurance Is $1200.
It is not known how the flre started.
The charred body of the child was recov
ered later. One arm was burned off and
the body was a crisp.
Life of a Baby at
Night.
BODY OF A CHILD
FOTJND IN THE STUNS
Fire at Angels Camp Destroys the
ers of the ¦ party.
There Is no' doubt as to the genuine
ness of this confession, for every detail
is entered . into, and Stone says he will
go back to Kansas and point out the
graves of the murderers. The. men never
claimed the reward offered by the Hon.
A. M. York, brother of the deceased.
Stone, who is about 70 years of age, said
he desired to clear up the mystery and
set the minds of the people at rest be
fore he died, and therefore consented to
make the confession.
A. Y. Smith, a resident of this county,
who worked with a detective agency in
Kansas at that time, corroborates the
story of Stone, He came to Oregon
about the same time Stone did.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
No doubt remaining ~ as to the guilt of
the Benders, they were taken to a small
clump of trees on the bank of a creek
three-qaarters of a mile from the tavern
and the entire family, •- consisting of
Bender and his wife, son and daughter,
Kate and John, were lynched. The
bodies were buried in sand at the bottom
of the creek where it widens into a
small lake.
The twelve men, according to Stone,
then dispersed, Stone moving to Linn
County shortly after. This, he declares,
is the first authentic account of the Wil
ing. Stone would not reveal the names
of the other men, but in conversation said
that John Sperry and himself were lead-
News From Arizona to the Eff eel
CLARK'S COPPEH MINE
AGAIN IN OPERATION
" » LBANT, Or,, Aug. 22.— Cornelius
• i\ Stonej 'a. ¦- prominent citizen of
/=A Linn County, living about 'nine
A~j\ miles from Albany, has confessed
to j having assisted in the killing
of "the Bender family In the early part of
June, 1S73, \ in Kansas, j-
Shortly after the disappearance of Dr.
William York, who was last seen travel
ing along the old Osage mission, road
near the tavern kept by the Benders, a
party of twelve men. Stone being one of
the number,- searched the Bender house
and found the gold-rimmed spectacles of
Dr. York. They, found a trao door and
graves in the "garden" where the bodies
of victims had been burled. -
That the. Strike Has Been .
, Broken.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22.— According to
a dispatch received here to-day the strike
at- Senator W. A.' Clark's big United
Verde copper, mining plant at Jerome,
Ariz., is ended and the plant is again in
full blast. -The dispatch referred to was
addressed to J. Ross Clark,, the Senator's
brother, and read as follows:
"Smelter started; everything satisfac
tory. We have all the men required." ..
' . \ ' ' - ••¦ -
Belle of Angels a Bride.
ANGELS, Aug. 22.— Miss Alma Mat
son, one of the most popular young ladles
of Angels,' was marriod to Henry Goz
zolo, the son of a prominent contractor
and mining man of this place, last Sunday
evening. The wedding was celebrated at
the home of the bride's parents and a re
ception was held Monday evening in Odd
Fellows' Hall, at which about one hun
dred guests were present. .,
-!¦¦•¦¦¦- *| '¦•
Mystery That for, Nearly Thirty Years Has Shrouded the Disappear
ance of the Notorious Murderers in Kansas Is Reported to
Have Been Explained by an Aged Resident Near
OREGON MAN MAKES CONFESSION
THAT HE AIDED TO KILL BENDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1901.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. ; 22.— Prepara-.
tlons are almost completed for the cele
bration of ; Admission : day In -.this " city."
From all Indications the - event will ; be by
far the greatest; in Ithe history of : ; Grass
Valley. / All ;, the . secret : societies . and or
ganized bodies " of '; the county .' and " many
from outside : cities are . preparing to join
in: the celebration. .The streets : will be
bright with color, and: numerous arches
will span them. One thousand rooms have
been already secured- and preparations are
being made to entertain about 5000 people
from September 8 to September 10.
Grass .Valley Will Celebrate.
It was a day of fluky sound breezes, but
if either boat got any advantage from the
frequent change Jn. the. wind it, was the.
Constitution. It was at no time a white
cap breeze, and the sea was smooth, coa-
OYSTER BAY, N. Y. f Aug. 22.-The Co
lumbia gave the Constitution a good,
sound beating to-day around the Seawan
haka triangular course. On corrected time
the older boat won by two minutes and
five seconds and on elapsed time by one
minute and thirty-nine seconds. But the
figures do .not represent' the decisiveness
of the Columbia's victory, for, as a mat
ter of fact, she beat the new boat twice.
The first time around the triangle of four
teen and three-fourths miles the Columbia
gained over five minutes. 'Then a shift of
wind on the Bhort leg across the sound
put the Constitution on even terms, when
a new race was practically started; the
breeze now coming true again. This time
the Columbia gained over a/ minute and a
half.
YACHT COLUMBIA SCOBES
A DECISIVE VICTORY
Officers of the conference were elected
as follows: D. R. Jones, secretary: E.'
T Hubbard. statistical secretary; F. G.
Snellmarv recording secretary. Dr. Sriel
son was named to report the doings of
the conference for the church publica
tions and J. I. Witten to report for the
California press. ¦
Presiding Elder Cottman welcomed
Bishop Shaffer in a short address, which
was seconded by Elder Pointer. Intro
ductions followed,' after which Bishop
Shaffer made a response . to the welcom
ing words. When -, he had finished the
Rev. Mr. Evans, the Rev. Mr. Welsh and
the Rev. Mr. Aycra of Stockton each made
remarks/after which a" recess « was taken
to ; 3 o'clock this afternoon, when reports
from the various churches in the district
were received. The .; session • to-morrow
will be taken up with reports of com
mittees. , The conference will be in session
four ¦ days. —. * ' ' > ... •¦ " . '
STOCKTON, Aug. 22.-The annual Afri
can Methodist Episcopal California. Con
ference Is in session to-day in ! the Ebe
nezer A. M. E. Church in this city, Bish
op E. E. Shaffer of the Fifth Episcopal
District presiding. | The first business
transacted was the appointment of com
mittees. Devotional exercises followed.
The annual sermon was preached by the
Rev. John PoTiiler.
District Presides Over Annual
Conference.
Bishop Shaffer of the Fifth Episcopal
ATBICAN METHODISTS
ASSEMBLE" IN STOCKTON
To-morrow morning the train will ar
rive at Salt Lake, where a. stop of six
hours will be made. Incessant drilling
will be the order of the day for the corps
and the other members of the party wiil
visit Saltaire Beach and view the his
toric Mormon city.
ditions which have heretofore always fa
vored the Constitution. The new boat
did not seem to have any of the speed she
has shown In light airs. She was slug
gish on the starting line,- and although
the two yachts crossed almost at the same
minute with a one-gun start, the Co
lumbia romped off and took a lead of an
eighth of a mile while the Constitution
was gathering way. To be sure the Con
stitution was trying a new mainsail. and
it set very badly during the first round,
but it kept setting- better and better and
for the last fifteen miles of the course
was drawing very- well. Then, too the
club topsail was almost useless In the
windward work, j The club was badly bent
and the canvas : did little work when the
Constitution was close hauled. '. But all
this does not account., for .her defeat
Even on the last leg of H the race, in- a
close reach for the home mark, while both
boats had exactly the same wind and the
Constitution's sails were apparently draw
ing for all they, were „; worth, the Co
lumbia added over a minute to her lead.
-With the international contest less than
.a. month away to-day's race reopens[the
defender proposition, and the yachtsmen
are guessing again.
An impromptu concert , was given . on
board to-night, with Colonel- Edwards as
master of ceremonies. Acting Eminent
Commander R. B. Moore gave a welcom
ing address, to which responses were made
by Grand Commander McKee and others.
Golden Gate Commandery Is the official
escort of these grand officers. Seven
Knights of Coeur de Lion Commandery of
L03 Angeles and several helated members
of California Commandery are also on the
train. The comfort of the travelers Is
being looked after by Sir Knight W. D.
Sine, Master of Transportation Peter'
Harvey of the Baltimore and Ohio and
other railroad men.- Luncheon was served
to-day In picnic style in the composite
car under the direction of Commissary A.
J. de'Lamare. • ¦ .
The entire party of 100 arc in fine health
and are looking forward eagerly to the
entertainment in store at Louisville and
en route. Among the notables on board
are Right Eminent Grand Commander
George B. McKee.' Grand Secretary Wil
liam A. Davies, Acting Grand Generalis
simo "Wagner and Past Commander Petrle
and wife.
. The dust was nearly a foot deep and
the heat intense, but the drill was exe
cuted with such snap and precision as to
win the applause of Captain Purington,
U. S. A., former drlllmaster of Chicago's
crack commandery corps, who Is a guest
on board. . •
CARLIN, Nev., Aug. 22.— The superb
special train bearing Golden Gate Com
msndery. Knights Templar, to Louisville
crossed Nevada to-day In clouds of alkali
dust. Only one stop of importance was
made, which was at Wlnnemucca, where
the inhabitants were regaled with a half
hour's drill by the. corps under command
of Colonel William Edwards.
— _» —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ery Speeds Through
the Alkali.
Golden Gate Command-
KNIGHTS DRILL
FOR NEVADANS
May Go Over the Cup Course.
After the yacht's anchor was down Sir
Thomas told the reporters that the Sham
rock would go* out for a long trial spin
to-morrow, extending down to Sandy
Hook, and perhaps, if there was clear
weather and a good breeze, she might try
to cover the America's cup course outside
the Hook of fifteen miles to windward
and back.
Sir Thomas, with a party of guests, will
go to Oyster Bay in the Erin on Saturday
to witness the races between the Consti
tution and the Columbia on Long Island
Sound under the management of the See
wanhaka-Corlnthian Yacht Club, whose
guest he will be at dinner that night.
The Shamrock will anchor at Sandy
Hook .after her trial to-morrow and will
not>come to ' New York again until it is
time to be measured and docked for the
cup race.
The yacht is so perfectly balanced "on
the wind" that she carries neither lee nor
weather helm, her long tiller being exact
ly amidships.
During the eight or ten tacks she made
to fetch, from her anchorage to the buoy
at the junction of the swash and main
ship channel, where she turned back, the
average time from "full to full" in stays
¦was about seventeen seconds. It was
plain, however, that Captain Sycamore
was not putting her through her , best
paces in that direction. The crew trimmed
and handled the sails with that smartness
and precision that shows experience and
a thorough knowledge of their Ehip.
The trial was all in smooth water, ex
cept during the last mile of the windward
work, when she passed out by Coney Isl
and Point. There a slight easterly swell
made her pitch a little, but not enough to
stop headway to any extent. She makes
very little wash under her lee bow and
carries hardly any quartering wave. Her
wake is clean and smooth from observa
tions taken from directly astern while
she was close hauled, her sails trim very
flat and she is able to He within four
points of the wind with every sail full.
Many thought her "pointing"' was fuily
as close as that of the Herreshoff boats,
but that remains to be seen.
Yacht Is Perfectly Balanced.
covered the distance In fifty-seven min
utes and the reach back of six miles In
forty minutes. The wind was fresh and
fairly steady from about south by east
and of from ten to twelve knots' strength.
The yacht carried mainsail, working top
sail, "forestay sail and jib.
At times while on the wind she put her
lee rail under a trifle, but she showed her
self well able to carry her sail and she
appeared to be quite as stiff as either
the Constitution or the Columbia. Her
sails set remarkably well for the first
time out. The mainsail, a splendid piece
of duck with narrow cloths and wide
seams and of the cross-cross pattern, was
set for the first time to-day. It fitted to
perfection with the exception of a slight
looseness in the leach, • which can be
remedied by inserting three batters, for
which pockets are already supplied. The
hcadsails set well, as did the jibheaded
topsail which she carried.
Sir Thomas Lip ton Well
Satisfied With Her
. Performance.
NEW TOEK, Aug. 22.— Sir Thomas Up
ton's new challenger, the Shamrock II,
had her first trial spin in New York
Lower Bay to-day, and although it lasted
only ninety minutes, it was a most satis
factory performance from start to finish.
Sir Thomas and Designer George L.
Watson, both of whom were on board the
yacht during her trial, expressed them
selves as perfectly satisfied ¦with the re
sult.
In sailing about eight miles dead to
windward against a two-knot tide, she
The Temps adds that there Is no ques
tion at present of a naval demonstration,
and hints that if it becomes necessary
France may Imitate the example of
Austria, which once under similar cir
cumstances seized the custom-houses of
certain Ottoman ports.
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE SULTAN IN PARIS AND THE OFFICIAL
j OF THE REPUBLIC WHO MAY BE CALLED UPON TO HAND THE
-• . OTTOMAN DIPLOMAT HIS PASSPORTS.
it is difficult to obtain a consensus of opin
ion. Talking to a correspondent, one of
the oldest members, who has been con
nected with the diplomatic corps for over
twentv-five years, said:
"The Sultan's hand contains one trump
just now. It is not likely that France
NEW CHALLENGER
OUT FOR A SPIN
In the meanwhile the Turkish Embas
sador. Slunlr Bey, Is absent and at the
Turkish Embassy only minor officials are
visible. They assume an air of abso
lute indifference and Ignorance of the
•whole matter. Most of the diplomatists
are away for the summer holidays, hence
Perhaps It is not lacking In significance
that M. Deschanel, President of the
Chamber of Deputies, who was attending
the Council General at Chartres, suddenly
•went to Raxaboulllet this morning to see
President Loubet, and also that M. Del
casse, the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
leaves the Council General at Ariege and
returns to Paris to-morrow to attend a
special meeting' of the Cabinet.- called. lt^;"
1s asserted, to arrange the programme for "
the reception and entertainment of the
Czar.
Some Significant Acts.
LONDON, Aug. 23.— "It is believed
ta official circles in Constanti
nople," says a dispatch from the
Turkish capital, "that the Sultan
will accord full satisfaction to M.
Constans without coercion on the part of
France and that the incident will have
ended within forty-eight hours."
PARIS, Aug. 22.— According to the For
eign Office officials this afternoon there is
no news and no change in the situation
of the Turkish Imbroglio. This, however,
¦was noticeable — the officials were more re-
Alcent than yesterday. While reassert
ing that no naval demonstration is con
templated, they refuse to confirm or deny
the truth of the news contained in spe
cial dispatches, Baying that three battle
ships sjnd a. cruiser, which arrived at
Toulon this morning, are taking coal and
provisions on board. They said they had
no information on the subject-
The Comptroller of the Treasury to-day
decided th.it such witnesses can be given
mileage at the- rate of 5 cents per mile
and witness fees at the rate of $1 50 per
day.
Published records of the "War and Navy
Departments indicate, however, that Rear
Admiral Sampson was advised on May 19
of the receipt of this Information, though
It does not appear that he was informed
of the source from which it came, and
could not know how reliable it was. It
developed to-day that the Navy Depart
ment is arranging to summon, witnesses
from Cuba, Including some of the insur
gents who displayed the signal at Cien
fuegos.
There is reason for believing, however,
that this dispatch is on file in the secret
archives of the Signal Service, and that
In the absence of General Greely in the
Philippines, subordinates in his office have
not been willing to give it up. During
the war with Spain General Greely re
ceived many dispatches which were not
put on the regular file and knowledge of
which was withheld from even confiden
tial clerks in the office, as General Greely
would take no risk of the sources of his
information becoming known. >
In the Secret Archives.
It is also intimated that' it has been im
possible to procure documentary evidence
in support of Rear Admiral Schley from
the War Department. His attorneys have
been unable to find the original dispatch
sent by Colonel Allen of the Signal Ser
vice to General Greely announcing the
arrival of the Spanish fleet at Santiago.
In the meantime Admiral Schley is mak
ing another effort to have the Navy De
partment call the alleged interview to'
Rear Admiral Howison's attention and
ask him whether it is correct. He wrote
a letter to Acting Secretary Hackett to
night protesting against the action of that
official and insisting that his previous let
ter was not a preliminary challenge of
Rear Admiral Howison.' He contends
that the department should grant his first
request and ask Rear Admiral Howison
about the interview. Acting Secretary
Hackett sent for Schley's attorneys to
day and had a lengt'ay conference at the
Navy Department. At Its conclusion
neither Hackett nor the lawyers would
say what had been decided. They agree
in a statement, however, that the ques
tion of Rear Admiral Howison serving as
: a member of the court- had not been \ the
subject of discussion. ' hT" "
Hints of Serious Charges. , .
Vague hints were dropped at the Navy
Department to-day that serious charges
will be made on behalf of Schley that
some one in the department has mutilated
the records; that letters have disappeared
and that pages out of letter press copy
books have also disappeared. Owing to
striirgent orders issued by the department
against discussion of the Schley case It
is impossible- to get accurate statements
on this point. " •
If the Boston reporter correctly quoted
Rear Admiral Howison, it may be that
that officer will recall the circumstances
and will realize that he ought not to serve
on the court and request the department
to relieve him. .
May Ask to Be Believed.
Rear Admiral Schley's attorneys will
present an affidavit sworn to by a reporter
of a, Boston paper who wrote the!inter
view against which complaint is made y If
Rear Admiral Howison stands by his
statements in the letter to the depart
ment. Admiral Dewey and . Rear Admiral
Benham will be forced to pass upon the
question of veracity between Rear Ad
miral Howison and the reporter. - Some
of the officials of the Navy Department
hope that all friction over this matter
may be avoided by Admiral Howison Re
questing the department to relieve him or
the ground that it Is evident that he
would be unsatisfactory to Rear Admiral
Schley, the officer who has asked for the
court of inquiry.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G BTREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.-Rear Ad
miral Schley's attorneys are preparing to
make a. vigorous protest against the ser
vice of Rear Admiral Howison as a mem
ber of the court of inquiry, and It Is al
ready, apparent that if he is not replaced
by some other officer, ¦ Admiral . Schley's
friends will set up a cry as soon as the
finding, of the court is made known that
that tribunal was packed, against their
favorite. . . =¦ " . . ¦ . • .
Special IM6patch to The Call.
Copies of letters and Telegrams Be
tween Sampson and Washington
May Be Found, However,
in Secret Archives.
Vague Hints of Charges That
Certain Records Have Been
Mutilated.
Schley Objects to Rear
i Admiral Howison on
Inquiry.
ATTORNEYS
PREPARING
A PROTEST
RUSSIA IS PREPARING TO TAKE
A HAND IN TROUBLE BREWING
BETWEEN TURKEY AND FRANCE
BRUSSELS, Aug.. 23.— A dispatch to tlie Petit Bleu from Vienna says: "According to advices from
Galatea, twenty Russian torpedo boats and several dispatch boats have arrived at the Dneister Delta, And
Russian troops are commencing to mobilize along the Turkish frontier.''
"The rupture as yet is only the per
sonal act of M. Constans, and will only
bepome official and complete If the Sul
tan v persists in his present attitude, 'in
which case, as Munir Bey is absent from
France, it will only be necessary to notify
him not to return until diplomatic rela
tions are resumed." "
3
18 " -='
A sMe of specially
reduced fall ..clothing;"
Even though the present labor controversy , has tended to make business
very inactive., we have managed to keep busy. Here is how we have done it:
We knew full well that.we must offer extraordinary inducements to keep
our store busy and the fall stock moving during these times of general inactivity.
i We accordingly reduced the prices on a line of suits, overcoats and pants — new, ;
up-to-date gcods recently made up in our own workshops by union labT. Here
are the bargains : The suits were reduced from $12 and $1^.00 to $T.85, the
overcoais from $10.00 to $6.45, the pants from $3.00 to $1*85* As we said
before,* we deliberlfeiy reduced these prices in order to be kept busy and dispose
of our fast-arriving fall stock. We have disregarded profits in order to bring the
aggregate of our sales up.
Now is the. time to make your dollars. go a long way.
Suits Box Coats Pants
*b^»o|5 ¦*po«45 *pi«o^ji
As reductions on new clothing are so unusual, we offer the following
privilege to impress you with the absolute facts of this sale': If a customer does
not think the; clothes are worth their former prices (regardless of the selling price)
he can have his money back. ;•<
Now is the time to make your dollars go a long way.
A Three Days' Special in Boys' Suits
In ¦ addit ibn .t(Tb"ur odds and ends sale at $2.55 we will have a special
three-day sale of boys' sailor and vestee ?u ; ts at $1.35. This saie will be for
to-day, tc-morrow and Monday. The $2.55 sale* will continue for a while
longer if the suits hold out. '
The special three-day sale suits are sailors • The odds and ends are collected from vari-
and vestees in*a good assortment of patterns. ous lines in the children's department. They
The sailors are for boys from 3 to 10 comprise sailors, vestees, norfolks, Russian
years of age, and the vestees for boys from 3- b'cuses and two-piece suits which sold all the
to .8 years o'.d; the price for the three days way from £4 to $8. These odds and ends are
will be • ' being closed out. at :^ ;
Boys': extra heavy .'double-knee hosierv..25c a pair/ ¦ .
B ,ys v heavy natural wool underwear, $1.00 a suit.
Boys' golf caps, extra value, 25c each. \
Our entire stock of boys' straw hats, formerly selling from 7^ c to $2.00, is
I being closed out : at 45c each.
A glance .- at our ~^a Ik I m A f/\ /\ V% N jf^^i Out- of- town or-;,
windows will al- (ta^ Nkl •%/&/¦ If ll I 5? S £\ deFS flll ed— write
I ways prove inter- vJf^L W 1 II II I HI »• us for an y thin §f in
/estiriff,', whether you \*^ f i^ .. W » \"^ \W \*W . men's or boys* cloth-
inesd clothes, hats - ; . . '¦* v * ' ' .' ,"" ' «^< --""X^.-- ing, furnishings or :
orfurnisliings. ; TI 8 Market StPeet. • hats.
a 1 —- — — ", ,-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There are grocers that haven't
got Fels-Naptha soap, and their
customers want it.
Insist on it, people.
-' Fels &. Co., makers, Philadelphia.
, visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
<£gUSEU§! GF fiHATOMYJ
A gfe :::::L'A2££7ST.ltf.e:t*7:l,2.F.:;!. i
T Cf Th e Lar^ert Anatomical M meum in the \
B wmJ*£<*». ' Wo 'M- * eaknesset or any contracted A
v y-— &,i •seiie r«r«l hrtbeoldest T
© [ggl bpeciiim on the Coast. Est.36y^ars. ©
A jy&f^h DR. JCRDAH-CISEASES OF KEN Q
\ I (S/*^3 Consultation free and strictly prira-e. \
6 I J&tCO Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
\ R )/ it H • Po *"" !e Cure in « Ter y case undertaken. \
a mil 110 Write for Book. rRIMIOPBy of A
w * it I] 7 * baubiace, mailed ff.ee. (At
> Jl fi valuable book for m*-n) l
r OB. JOSDAK A CO., 1051 Martet .St.. 8. P. V
1A/. T. HESS,
KOTAET PUBLIC AND ATTOBNET-AT-Llff.
Tenth Floor, Room 301.", Claua Spreckels Bid?.
?«-?.-• ¦ Telephone Brown 921.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco.
OOEWEY.STRDNG &CO.^g^
patents;' Jj
y~t rviAPKFT sir. sT^^Sy
Weak Men and Women
U2HOUU5 USE DAMIAICA BITTERS.. THE
VJrreat Mexican remedy; rives health and
Ctre&sth to sexual organs. - Depot, 223 Market.Chinese Students for Berkeley;
Berkeley gained a novel accession yes
terday In the persons of Chang Yu Chuan,
"Wang Chung Yu, Hu Tuns Chal. "Woo
Kim Lans. Chen Chin Tao, Yen Chin
Yung and Wang Chun Huy. official stu
dents sent by the Chinese Government to
be educated at the State University at
the expense of the Chinese Government
"With them are Koh Yu Ching- and Sunc
Fah San, who will be educated at the
university at the expense of a Christian
missionary society. They are " destined
for missionary work in the Celestial Em
pire.
Open stake, sixty-four entries— Risky At
tempt ys. Gramercy; Sweet Emma vs. Liberty
Bell; King's Borderer vs. Hod; Lavender vs
Nora Lawrence: Greyfeld vs. Black Cloud'-
Jessica vs. Modest Lad; Golden Russet vs
Glorianne; Castaway vs. Battleship; Prairi-i
Maid vs. Roxana; Echo vs. Morning Dawn-
Cecil M vs. Emma U; Lady Godlva vs. Master
Buck: Silent Treasure vs. Dread Xauehf
Schilling's Best vs. Pepita; Sir Lawrence vs.*
Lexington: Dorothy M vs. Governor Mack;
Flying Ship vs. Vagrant: Veto vs. Xc* Sam
ple; Pleasant Girl vs. Master Lawrence- Petro
nlus vs. Martha Washington; General' Botha
vs. Brian Born; Lottie M vs. Warco- Florence
Flatterer vs. Shylock Boy: Flying Belle vs
"Winslow; "Warrior vs. Prairie Princess- Mos
quito vs. Grafter; Kitty V vs. "Warpath- Cas
cade vs. Royal Anne; Lady Elizabeth vs Bc
nlcia Boy; Jimmy Anthony vs. Shootover-
Swedish vs. Eobs; Xight Time vs. Scottish
The draw for the Mclrose Coursing Park
programme on Sunday was held last night
and is as follows:
COURSING DRAW FOR
MELRO3E PARK CARD
The agreement drawn up between De
laney and Madden, representing Jeffries
and Ruhlin on the one side and the
Twentieth Century Club on the other, is
as follows: • '
» • ••• • ¦ -i,
San Francisco, Aug. 23, 13W. r
It Is agreed between the Twentieth Century
Athletic Club and James J. Jeffries and Gas
Kunltn as follows:
First— James J. Jeffries and Gua Ruhlin will
box twenty rounds before the said club during
the month of November, 1901. Jeffries ahii
Ruhlin to receive 62V» per cent of the gross
receipts of the contest. The compensation of
the referee who shall be selected shall In no
case exceed the sum of $300 in full of expenses
and services, said sum to be taken from the
gross receipts before any division Is made.
Second — Jeffries and Ruhlin agree to at all
times submit to physical examination by a
physician representing the Twentieth Century
Third— Jeffries and Ruhlin agree to post a
forfeit forthwith with Harry Corbett of $2500
to guarantee their appearance In the- ring on
the date set for the contest In proper physical
condition and In readiness to carry out the
provisions of this contract and the contract
signed by Jeffries and Itutilin on August 20.
Kourtli — The number of complimentary tick
ets to be issued is to be limited to 230.
Fifth— The Twentieth Century Club agrees
to post forthwith $2500 with Harry Corbett aa
a forfeit to guarantee Its good faith in rul-"
fillment of Ha contract.
Sixth— Questions in this contract not cov
ered by this contract shall be rteclded In ac
cordance with the provisions of the contract
between Jeffries and Ruhlin August 20
Seventh— It . is understood that the contest
! shall take place as early in the month of So
i vember as Is possible.
(Signed) BILLY MADDEN'. '
For Gus Ruhlin.
BILLY DELANEY.
¦r~ For James Jeffries.
11 JOHN J. GLEASON.
For Twentieth Century Athletic Club.
The Twentieth Century Athletic Club
has secured the Jeffries-Ruhlln fight lor
a date in November not yet set, but to
be agreed upon in the near future. By
agreement with the Twentieth Century
Club the San Francisco Athletic Club
refrained from entering a hdd, reserving
for themselves the exclusive right of bid
ding for the December fight. As compen
sation each club will give tfce other 10 per
cent of the gross receipts of its respective
fight. *-¦"-' :
Thus was a victory won by the fight
promoters. For their own mutual pro
tection they came together "Wednesday
evening, talked over the situation and de
cided hot to cut their own throais for the
quiet satisfaction of the fighters and their
promoters. By close figuring it was de
cided to offer Jeffries and Rohliri 6a per
cent of the gate receipts. Sanguine that
they, held the situation well In, hand, the
representatives of both cluba filed Into
Harry Corbett's yesterday at 1 o'clock
and greeted all with pleasant, self-eat
isfled smiles and extended hands. Delaney
and Madden were there. They were not
so - happy, for they had anticipated ex
travagant offers and were chagTined to
find what Ruhlin called a: "prize fight club
trust" staring them in th© face.
Then the haggling began. Delaney said
he was there to look out for a cham
pion who was accustomed to stupendous
offers and no poor, miserable 60 per cent
would be entertained. Madden thought
just as much of his own man as Delaney
did of the champion, and declaxed in full
round "terms that he would stand pat on
65 per cent and no less. Much argument
followed without a seeming possible set
tlement to the difficulties. The fight was
65 against 60. Jack Gleason of: the Twen
tieth Century Club told Madden and De
laney that the only possible place for the
men to fight was San Francisco, and Mad
den and Delaney told Gleason that they
would not fight at all if they could get
no more out of it than the percentage
figure set by the club. This was mere
bluster on both sides. Two hours after
the discussion opened a compromise was
effected and 62% per cent was agreed
upon by all parties.
In accordance with this meeting of
minds articles between the club and the
representatives of the fighters were
drawn up and signed. The referee ques
tion will be taken up again and If th©
club presses the matter a local man may
be substituted for George Slier. The date
of the fight will be- determined later, but
In all probability will be set for the first
week in November.
The San Francisco Club has an assur
ance from Jeffries for a December fight, i
also one from Ruhlin In the event of a
victory. One of these ¦ men -will be
matched with a third party when the time
comes. /
Sixty-Two and a Half Per Cent
of Gross Receipts Offered
and Accepted.
A Compromise Between
Promoters for Mutual
Benefits.
CENTURY CLUB
GETS THE FIGHT
VICTOR'S CROWN IS MISS CROCKETT'S AND BURLINGAME REJOICES
EXCITING GAME FOR GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP S
BY FAIR PLAYERS ON DEL MONTE LINKS
Mrs. Gilman 'Brown ;
Loses in the First.;
Round of the Battle
The Southerners Again
Show Themselves
as a Winning Team
Polo .Competition '., Is
Filled j. With Some
Very Lively features
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23 V 1901
In a telegram received by Bob Bettner
this evening . the intelligence was con
veyed that one of his children is seriously
ill and he will depart for Los Angeles to
morrow. This is unfortunate, as Bettner
is a, crack polo player and the owner of
several very fast racing ponies.
At 9:30 in the morning the ladles' tour
nament ' will be continued on the links
and unless something unforeseen should
happen Miss Caro Crockett is picked as a
certain winner.
• Golf and polo have nearly had their run
and to-morrow racing will be held at the
track under the auspices of the Pacific
Coast Polo and Pony Raising Association.
There is considerable disappointment in
select turf circles to-night over the fact
that Walter Hobart scratched Silver Dick
the highly touted Colorado pony, from
the four-furlong scramble. Topo, a green
one, and supposed to be very fast is
picked to win this event, although there
is a remote possibility that his entry will
be protested. SUver Dick will be started
in a quarter mile (lash on Saturday If a
special short sprint is not arranged for
to-morrow's card.
The enthusiastic lady golfers here are
declaring that to make "good" on the
Del Monte links is easy. There is not
enough of up hill and down dale to prove
their skill, they claim. Miss Ives, one of
the crack players, refers contemptuously
to the links as "baby" links.
¦ The Will Taylor^ came down last even-
Ing and Instead of coming in to dinner
as most people do in their traveling
clothes, they both appeared in the din
ing-room spick and span in evening dress.
Mrs. Taylor's gown was of white lace
over a delicate pink silk foundation, and
she looked extremely charming. Miss
Carrie Taylor sat at their table looking
very pretty in pale blue.
Miss Mae Colburn was one of the most
stunning girls in the dining-room last
evening. She had on a white lace gown
over a pink silk foundation, relieved here
and there with knots of black velvet rib
bon.
hangs long enough to allow the watch
that is fastened to it to be tucked into
her belt.
The -weigh of the transgressor is inva
riably light. •;.,;-.- - £•«•-. -I
The .wealthy lawbreaker usually '• gets
less justice for his money than: the poor
one does.' .-¦'. :,.,¦•;. .:/ : ¦¦/;¦ ' -:. . '•: -
James Mallon' and James W. Bodley of
?T^J? rl £ ai l 8 fll £? a , sul t yesterday, in th&
United States Circuit . Court against the
Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Company
for an accounting and. tor $25,000 damages
for infringement of patent on "an • auto
matic mechanism for unloading and feed
ing, sugar cane. 7 < ¦ , . '
Sugar Company Sued.
Rev. •H.'Jursky.r the', celebrated cantor
who arrived here recently from Paris,- will
officiate -to-night, and. to-morrow morning
at the synagogue of Congregation Nevah
Zedek on Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth. . : ' • '.,; - - --\ .--"¦¦;:' .
Celebrated Cantor Will Officiate.
The social committee , of .the. Universal
Service Society gave an entertainment and
dance last Jiight in Golden' Gate Hall It
was the first , of a series of similar' af
fairs to be given by the organization every
!S h / 7 h f flrst Part of the programme
consisted of vocal and instrumental mu
sical selections ,and the second part th«»
presentation by friends and members of
no?,' » 0C l^ ty ? f the; fourth act of | "Riche
lieu.' Dancing followed. -• "
Universal Service Society Entertains.
Members of the Two Other Divisions
Will Contest for Valuable Cups .
at Midlothian.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Ninety-one players
participated in to-day's golf schedule at
Midlothian, which called for medal play
at thirty-six holes. The succeeding rounds
to be played Friday and Saturday will
be made match play at eighteen holes
The first forty-eight to-day will be di
vided into three classes of sixteen each
The first class will play for the champion
ship and the other two for cupa.-
Score of the sixteen who qualified for
championship: Fred Hamlin, Chicago
176; Walter E. Egan, Onwentsia. 176-
Phelpg B. Hoyt. Glenview, ISO; William
Holablrd Jr.,-G!envlew, 182: B. D Smith
Onwentsia, 185; H. J. Tweedie, Belmont'
185; W. F. Hillfibury. Onwentsia, 185;
George A. Carpenter, 186; Raymond Rus
eelL Detroit. 187; Thomas Taylor Jr.. On
wentsia, 188; C. J. Jaffray, St. Paul, 188-
New Macneal, Cincinnati. 189; W. J. Ryce
Belmont, 189; Michael Dorran Jr., St.
Paul, 1E8: T. T. Goodman. Midlothian, 189;
J. D. Cady, Rock Island. 189. . • - . -
He Pails to Throw the Boxer in a
Stipulated Time and Must Now
Pay the Piper. ;
. Ever since Gus Ruhlin," the Akron giant,
turned the tables on" Robert Fltzsimmons,
the freckledj blacksmith,' by: throwing him
twice'iri a wrestling match, he has become
Imbued with ' his ¦ own . • prowess ' as '.a
wrestlers Last Wednesday night Gus paid
a visit to! the, training, school that is con
ducted by Joe Bernstein, <• and after j don
ning -gymnasium ¦ clothes limbered ! up his
muscles on ¦ the bag, wrist machine and
other -exercise apparatus.. • '.. : .
Having heard that ¦ Bernstein was a
wrestler Gus became boastful. He in
formed Joe that he could throw him with
lease.. Bernstein .disputed, this point : and
I lightly dropped the hint that, in the old
days he .was the champion .amateur
wrestler of America. Ruhlin hesitated in
calling-: his bluffs, but. to make .good-be
fore-the; assemblage . he ;bet: Bernstein "a
new hat that- he could throw, the little
fighter in three minutes. -Bernstein "was
willing and they proceeded to lock arms
A youth «named Healy entered the ring
with his hair nicely parted, and when the
•police stopped "Kid'' Chinner from beat
ing him he retired with a discolored optic
and a split ear.,. • ' - .,' - , --'.;,' ,'*- "I
Tony Mitchell played a tattoo over Eddy
Devlin's heart for four rounds, causing
the latter much annoyance, and 'pain.
Mitchell was given a decision.
George Peterson and Jack Duffy en
gaged in a slugging match, and near the
close of the i second round Duffy's -second
Rob Johnson outpointed George Dough
erty In their four-round - bout, but the
Judges feared to give him a decision.
They declared it a draw," and were prop
erly hooted. •
A large crowd enjoyed the monthly", box
ing exhibition of the, Bay City Athletic
Club held last night in the Mechanics'
Pavilion Annex. .Eight: bouts were pre
sented and there was enough slugging -to
satisfy the most hardened ring-goer. "
Interesting: "Goes" Arouse Enthusi-
asm Among the Spectators.
" Some Hard Fighting.
RUHLIN MUST BUY A NEW
: HAT FOR JOB BERNSTEIN
threw a soiled towel into the ring and
then-tried to claim a foul, but was laugh
ed at.
. Sammy Pilger, alias "Young Jeffries,"
picked but a soft spot early 'in the first
round and remained down while "Cy
clone" Kelly gloated over him. The man
agement wanted "Cyclone" to go against
another man, but the latter refused. ¦
-Teddy Wolff raised a swelling on Billy
Toy's right "lamp" and was given the
trophy for doing the most effective work.
Spider Welch had little trouble putting
"Kid". Parker away. Welch knocked his
opponent down time and again, but Par
ker, came back and fought like a 1 tiger
only to receive more punishment. 7 .V :
Artie Granfield, alias' O'Brien; knocked
Frank Brierly out in two rounds.
GOLF PLAYERS QUALIFY
FOB, CHAMPIONSHIP GAME
in ai. catch-as-catch-can bout.
Ruhlin went right at his opponent, but
strange to say, .found vthe work of the
heaviest kind. -He tussled for eight and a
half minutes and at last success crowned
his efforts. 'But Bernstein won the hat.
Ruhlin continued this "light" exercise by
boxing with ten of Bernstein's pupils *
Mrs. Will Crocker, Mrs. . Carolan and
Mrs. Henry T. Scott are the dressiest
women here. These ladles change their
gowns morning; afternoon and evening.
Mrs. .Crocker usually wears a- dark suit
for early morning; a light gown, usually
white, for afternoon, and of course a
change. again In the evening. Mrs. Caro
lan shows a marked preference for white
gowns at all times and for all : occasions.
Mrs. Charles' Alexander has been making
eyes pop by wearing a diamond chain
that fastens twice around her neckand
There is but little dressing down here
this year. With the exception of a few
of the most fashionable matrons, none of
the ladles elects to change her gown more
than once a day. .The shirt waist and
short skirt is the costume par excellence
for morning and' afternoon wear. The
girls come to breakfast looking spick
and span in their dainty shirt waists
and white duck skirts, and this dress
does for the entire day. Everybody
dresses for dinner and as yet no one has
committed' the unpardonable breach of
wearing the same evening gown twice.
The most pronounced of the. camera
devotees_ here are Mrs. Walter Hobart,
Mrs. Will Crocker, the Princesse Ponia
towski, Mrs. Walter Martin, Miss Vir
ginia Jollffe, Miss Mary Eyre and Wal
ter Martin. The Princess the other day
got a splendid picture of her husband on
horseback. Mrs. Will Crocker prides her
self on the excellent picture she got of
the hunting party just starting off. Mrs.
Walter Hobart got Frank Carolan and
Teddy Howard to pose for her and ob
tained some very fine results.
Fashion decrees that the proper i thing
here is to go around with a camera
strapped to your side. One carries the
camera to the golf links, to the polo
field, to the • beach, and even when
lounging on the. veranda.
pants of the tally-hos. Praed. too, for
the men from, the south,: played very fast
polo with the same little red rose pinned
on his manly chest, and though he once
had an awful fall that threatened to dis
arrange the spinal vertabrae he remount
ed again without loss of skill or nerve.
The ensemble of the two teams was as
follows: North— Driscoll, C. Tobin, How
'ard and J. Tobin; south— Bettner, Flow
ers, Maud and Praed. . . .
For the opposing team Maud played the
third period like a demon, nearly -losing
his temper at times, especially after once
being unseated. In a series -of brilliant
plays he twice knocked a goal, evoking
rounds of applause from the fair occu-
Francis Carolan performed the duties of
referee. The play throughout was spirit
ed,-both teams being out for blood. The
blocking and interference at times savored
strongly- of rough-house tactics. -Had
Captain Tom Driscoll of the northern
team, mounted on some, very rare equine
bric-a-brac in the way of ponies, broken
an arm ora leg the southern team might
have.won. Driscoll is an amateur. Kansas
twister when at work; on the green polo
sward, for it was he that made most. of
the points for his side. • •
From a spectacular standpoint golf is
as dry to watch as a Keeley'cure graduate
looking for an oasis. Polo appears to be
the real thing. Another big crowd as
sembled at the grounds this | afternoon.
Once again the southern team faced the
northerners and again went down to dis
aster, the scoreat the conclusion of the
fourth period standing 10 to 6; this on top
of a three-point handicap conceded Bob
Bettner. "
Polo the Real Thing.
score of 3 up. The magnificent play
ing of Charles E. Maud, the new coast
champion, was the feature of the game,
for his decisive beat of Charles B. Hub
bard by a score of six up won the day
tor his- team. None of the other players
on the southern team distinguished them
selves, as In fact Crosby by downing
Fitzgerald, was the only one to score.
In the opening play Ernest Folger, the
dethroned coast champion, played a time
game. On the first eight holes. Sears
stood to . the good by 3 up, . but Folger
by superb driving evened the score in the
next round. J. W. Byrnes,- donor of the
trophy, played surprising golf, defeating
the crack Angeleno. E. D. Silent, by 1 up.
Following is the complete score: H. M.
Sears and K. Folger, a tie; C. E. Maud
beat C. B. Hubbard, 6 np; F. S. Stratton
beat C. E. Orr, 1 up; J. W. Byrne beat
F,. D. Silent. 2 up; Lansing Kellogg beat
J. S. Cravens. 1 up; J. A. Folger beat H.*
M. WHshire. 1 up; W. Crosby beat R. M.
Fitzgerald, 2 up.
As in previous battles on the links, the
southerners were ¦ again victorious, the
team, from the lower country, composed
of. H. M. Sears, C. B. Maud, C. E. Orr,
K. D. Silent, J. S.- Cravens, -H. M.Wil
shtr« and W. Crosby, defeating the- north
ern team for the J. W. Byrne cup by a
The complete score i for the . ladies'
tournament was as follows: n Miss Alice
Hager beat Mrs. W. Martin 1 up in' 19
holes; Miss B. Dolbeer beat Mrs. Bowles
2 up and 1 to play; Miss Ivesbeat Mrs.
Johnson 3 up; Miss- Caro Crockett beat
Mrs. R.- Gilman Brown 1 up In : 19 holes.
In the afternoon Miss Crockett cele
brated her victory by putting on a pret
ty gown of clinging white silk, long tan
raglan, and -pale blue tulle hat/and rid
ing with Laurence Scott to the polo
game In the Cardan -coach with Frank
Carolan. Mr. and Mrs. Walter. Hobart,
Miss Flora Low, Dick Tobln and Miss
Carolan. ¦ j -.-.:•• ¦ . ' ¦-.
Victor in a Rare Gtown.
"I'm delighted," said Hobart, "although
it was a great surprise to me. No one
expected It. Last night at the clubhouse
they were betting 5 to 1 against Miss
Crockett." ¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ ¦
Laurence Scott, Miss Crockett's fiance,
came. down last evening, and her friends
declare he brought good luck. "Walter
Hobart was the first one to bring the
news of Miss Crockett's triumph from
the links to the hotel.
"I have been honestly defeated," she
remarked. I "Miss Crockett is a good
golfer, but. I do not believe that she will
win the champion's cup. ¦> I believe that
either Miss Hager or Miss Dolbeer will
win it from her. As to myself, I am not
at all upset about my defeat, although
I realize now how Miss Hoyt must have
felt, who winning for three consecutive
times the championship of the United
States was finally put out by a second
rate player."
they afford a poor player as many ad
vantages as a good one. Last, but not
least, they contend that there is a whole
lot of luck as well as science in golf, and
luck, it is claimed, favored the Bur
lingamites. Mrs. Brown will not say any
thing about this cliquelng- of the Bur-
Hngamites a,nd their very, evident deter
mination to win the championship cup.
BAY CITY CLUB BOUTS
PROVE VERY EXCITING
Again," there la the ' links. They are
very easy, which makes it bad because
These many friends of Mrs. Brown are
explaining things that may or may not
account for the lady's defeat. "Mrs.
Brown was nervous," ;they.say. "Th'en
there was that feeling against her, not
personally, but because she was an out
sider." Nothing was .said, they hasten to
explain, but Mrs. Brown could feel "it.
Now All Are ..Explaining.
"Miss Crockett played a splendid game,"
said Mrs. Brown a-fter the. battle.. "It
was a case of nip and tuck all-through
and I doubt if either of. us will ever play
another game like it. Still, I don't con-
Eider that I have . lost my standing as a
first-class golfer simply because Miss
Crockett beat me out by one put. Neither
have my friends lost confidence in me.
After the game. they gathered around me.
They shook me by- the hand and com
plimented me on my playing. I : really
never knew before how many true friends
I have." ' ' . ': '
DEL MONTE, Aug. 22.— The unex
pected has happened. Miss Card
Crockett defeated Mrs. R. Gilman
Brown this morning In the first
round of the tournament for the
ladies' golf championship- of the Pacific
Coast. Naturally there Is much rejoicing
in the Burlingame camp this evening.
It was a close game and the ' result
proved a complete reversal of form. Mrs.
.Brown was setting on to victory and
seemed a sure winner until, with the lead
of two up over her opponent and two
holes still to play, she lost by an unfor
tunate stroke two - holes in . succession.
This play placed "Mrs. Brown and Miss
Crockett still at the end on the eighteenth
hole. It was In the play-off for the final
hole that Mrs. Brown met her Waterloo.
Miss Crockett's score was one up over
nineteen holes. Miss Crockett, bears her
honors modestly and Mrs. Brown is loud
in her praise for'her vanquisher.
, SACRAMENTO. Aug. 22.— In a finely
contested game San Francisco won bv a
score of 2 to 1. Sacramento lost the game
by stupid work on the coaching line. Hof
fer was in the box for Sacramento and
pitched a splendid game and a.t least
three of the hits made off his delivery
were scratches. Whalen also presented
. a fine article of ball and was at no time
hlt»hard. 1'mpire Levy was erratic In his
work to-day and favored the visitors at
times. Although a prime favorite, he
won the condemnation of the grand stand
on several of his decisions. Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Norflyke. lb 4 0 2 0 16 0 0
Brockhoff, c. f 4 1 0 0-1 10
"Wilson, c 4 0 1 0 5 0 0
Schwartz. 2b & r. f. 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
HlMebrand, 1. t 3 0 2 12 0 0-
Shay. 8« ¦ 3 0 0 0 0 10
Km*. 2b and Sb..... 4 12 0 1.10 ' 0
Reilly, 3b 0 0 0 0 2 10
¦Whalen. p 3 0 0 0 0 1 (
Fabst, X. 1 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totttg ..31 2 7 1 27 16"
SACRAMENTO. ' . ' ¦
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
T)everea.ux. es 3 1 1 0 • 4 ¦ 1 -2
Mcl.auchlin. 1. f 3 O 1 1 1 0 0
Courtney. 2b 3 0 10 3 2 0
Ashenb&ck. r. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 2 "0 0
Pheehan. Sb ..3 0 1 0 0 2 O
McGucken. c. f ...... 4 •» • 1 0 1 - - 0 «
Hanlon. lb 4 O 0 0 13 2 0
Hotter, p 3 0 2 0 14 0
•Doyle 1 0 0 0 0. 0 0
Totals 32 1 7 ' 1 27 11 2
•Doyle batted for -Hanlon.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 'o 0 1 1 0 0—2
Base hits 0 1 0 0 1 3 2 0 0—7
Sacramento 1 0O0000 00 1
Base hits 1 0 1112 0 0 1—7
SUMMARY. .
Runs responsible for— Whalen, . 1 ; Hoffer, 2.
Two-base hit — Kru^. Pacrafiee hits— Mcl^au'gn
lln. Shay. First base on called balls— Whalen
4; Hoffer. 2. Left on ba«es— San Francisco. 5-
Sacramento. 8. Struck out— By Whalen, 2;, by
Hoffer, 1. Hit by pitoher— Devereaux. -Schwartz.'
Time, of game — 1:43. Umpire — l^evy. » ¦ Offlciai
ecorer — Rutherford. \* •'.*.¦*•
San Francisco Wins.
PICTURESQUE SCENES AT SOCIETY'S NOTABLE SUMMER OUTING IN BEAUTIFUL MONTEREY.
Search the wide world from pole to pole
nnd find a sadder man than Mr. Morley,
who manages the Los 'Angeles baseball
team and Cal Ewlng will buy a medal and
other thing* for the ' discoverer. Morley
has every right and title in the .world to
be sad. His chief delight is to win a base
ball grame; his deepest, most ultramarine
sorrow to lose one. And the Angels have
lost again— this time a fourteen inning
cam? that was twice won by .Los Angeles,
at least Morley thought so. "and now he
is full of kicks and opposition to every
natural thing under the sun. -¦-• —
The fanatics sat down to a feast at Re
creation grounds yesterday afternoon.
Besides receiving a game and a half for
one adult fare they saw three fair balls
lost over the center field fence, all of.
which meant home runs. Then there were
two-base hits until the eyesight failed
and one long vhree-bagger, sharp fielding
on. both sides and comparatively few
errors. Although the pitchers were hit
hard the game was not pyroteehnical
from the stick end, considering: Its pro
longed length.
When the uneasy visitor was about to
go home and Jay the credit of the game
to the Angels after the first out in the
last of the ninth. Eagan rolled the ball
to center for a couple of bags. Earlier in
the day he had made a home run, When
Dunleavy followed with another two
bagger and Eagan galloped home, tying
the 6core, Mr. Morley could not speak for
pure, unalloyed misery.
And then the game went on Inning after
inning, the Dudes adding up hits but
being unable to score. ¦ Out of a dark sky
a ray of light fell upon Morley. In the
fourteenth Kelly, without evident .prepa-.
ration, let the bat swing good and hard
end the ball sailed over the center field
fence. the Angel knocker cantering
around the bags. Morley thought he had
the game won.
The Dudes did their work in bunches In
this inning. Dunleavy got four bad ones
and walked to first, advancing a bag on
Arrellanes' hit. Both runners pushed up
a station on a neat little sacrifice by Bab
bitt. Then came the chance for Dr. Mos
kiman to win his own game. By a single
to center he scored I>unJeavy and Arrel
lanes and the game was finished. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Reltz. 2b 7 110 4 3 0
Jfutehlnson. lb 7 0 0 0 14 1 0
Householder, cr 6-000600
Atherton. e. s 6 12 0 3 4 0
n«-l!Jy. 3b « 0 4 0 2 1 0
Bowman. If 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Kelly, rf 6 2 t 0 • 2 1 0
Spies, c •. 5 0 10 6 11
Jones, p 6 12 10 3 0
Totals 53 5 1» 1 »10 14 1
•One man out when winning run -was made.
OAKLAXD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf 4 0 0 110 0
FVancks. s. s 6 0 0 14 8 2
Ftreib.. lb 6 0 0 0 21 3 0
Eagan. 3b 6 2 2 0 1 6 0
Dunleavy. If 4 12 0 5 0 1
ArrfUane*. 2b 6 2 2 0 4 6 1
Babbitt, rf 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
Mnsklman. p ........ < 0 3 0 2 7 0
Hanson, c 2 0 0 0 .2 1 0
I.'ihir.an, c 3 0 1 0 1 1 0.
Totals 47 6 11 2 »41 31 4
•Bowman out for bunline third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BY IXXIXGS.
Lop Angeles o 020011000000 1— 5
B*se hlte 0 121022110000 2—12
Oakland 0 300000010000 2—6
Base hits 0 3 0 0 A 0 0 0 2 1 1 2 0 2— 11
STTMMA11V.
Runs responsible for— Jones 6. Moskiman 3.
Home runs— Ea^an, Atherton, Kelly. Three
base hit— Babbitt. Two-base hits— Mosklman,
Eapan. Dunleavy. C. Reilly. Sacrifice hits —
Bowman. Spies. Babbitt <2). First base on er-.
rore — Los Angeles E, Oakland 0. First base on
called balls— Los Angeles 4. Oakland 4. Lieft on
bases— Los Angles 9. Oakland 6. Struck out—
By Jones 3, by Mosklman L Double play —
Francks to Arrellanes to Streib. Time of
frame — 2:40. f mplre — Graves. Official scorer —
McFarlln.
Oakland. 6, Los. Angeles 5.
Atherfcon, Kelly and Eagan
Bat the BaU Out«of the
Grounds.
Sensational Game Be
tween the Dudes and
the Angels.
OAKLAND WINS
IN FOURTEENTH
4
if - m Jill $%£?$&§
eJ?j — *^T^n.' repeat. They don't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
Hf i -"^jlv %P*lJd word, they are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
tjSy~ r^ es are made in all desirable calibers, weights, and
jSBfy^. ¦/ fc^gfi^jpfcj styles;- and are plain, partially or elaborately orna-
IIIbA XJiiSlrlilsPi mente^i su ' l ' n f evcI 7 purpose, every pocketbook, and
li^Nliiiri^ Winchester Ammunition
\0Brmi?WW!-$'tJ$\ * s mac * e *° r *^ kinds of shooting in all kinds of guns.
¦kESarafe^ T*r F ** £ E — Send name and address on postal for our 1 04-page catalogue.
lJK?^Bil WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., t&-f%$j£$$;> INOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the. successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, ; except when a
minus ( — ) slsn precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Slop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information usk L,
M. Fletcher. 120 California street. •
VThe Missouri Pacific Limited."
Low Rates for the Great Sacramento
:Low. excursion rates .via: Southern; Pa- ;
cific to Sacramerto ) for ; the State's great
exhibition on sale August 31st to Septem
ber 14th;^Inclusive." ' Inquire of nearest
agents for; particulars. ' ' . •
.A: C. Barrett," oiler on board the trans
port Sheridan, was held -to answer by
"United States Court, Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday to a ! charge ; of attempt
ing^ to smuggle forty yards of Japanese
silk^into this port. He was releasedon
$200 bonds. I i . 'v.'vv: ¦
Held for Smuggling.
Daniel McLaughlin, who was held to an
swer along with his j brother Alfred for
assault to murder upon Police Sergeant
John M. Lewis, on March 18, pleaded guil
ty to simple assault before. Judge Lawlor
yesterday and was ¦ sentenced to serve
three months in the Comuy Jail. The
jury that tried his brother Alfred brought
in a verdict of simple assault against him
and he got three months last Saturday.
" Daniel McLaughlin Sentenced.
"Sandy" McNaughton and ."Doc",
Hughes, two well-known members of the
Olympic Club, exchanged love taps in the
gymnasium of the Post-street athletic In
stitution yesterday afternoon and but for.
Garnet Ferguson both would have been fit
subjects for an undertaker. Neither man
was in condition and after two minutes
of boxing with sofa cushions they were
limp and weary. McNaughton scored first
blood and also the first knockdown. After
that the contestants shook hands and
called it a dayV work. _ •
Joe Eppinger brought on the game of
fisticuffs. He has great respect for
"Sandy" as a boxer, and likes to see him
perform. He and McNaughton were walk
ing into the club yesterday and met
1 Hughes standing : In the , entrance. In : a
jocular way Eppinger requested Hughes
to sidestep, and- VDoc," who Is very
clever at repartee, invited Mr. Epplngei
to take a vacation In a more torrid clime.
Eppinger replied in kind and asked Mc-
Naughton to shove the "Doc" oft the face
of the earth. . : s
Hughes, believing himself Insulted, In
formed Eppinger that' he could put Mc-
Naughton- out In less J than two rounds.
Bets were soon made and. the men donned
ring costumes and hied themselves .to the
gymnasium.; Garnet Ferguson acted as
timekeeper and "Kid" .Veiller was referee.
Bob Hancock was Hughes' adviser. Ep
pinger went behind "Sandy", and admin
istered champagne in small portions to the
overtained cladlator. , - >
I When, the gong sounded Hughes rushed
and McNaughton ducked. They clinched
and were with difficulty pried apart; There
was another ' rush and Hughes- hit the
floor. There. was a dent in McNaughton's
glove and blood on . the ¦ "Doc's"' probosis.
Fearing : that .the /athletes might injure
themselves if they 5 continued their exer
tions Ferguson stopped the clock and the
referee declared' all bets off. . , -
Exchange Uppercuts in the
Gymnasium.
Two Members of the Olympic Club
"SANDY" McNAUGTON
BOXES "DOC" HUGHES
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The establish
ment of a publishers' clearing-house was
discussed at to-day's session of the conven
tion of the National Association of News
dealers, Bock Sellers and Stationers. A
resolution was adopted reciting that book
publishers had greatly benefited the trade
by adopting and maintaining standard
prices for books and requesting the asso
ciation to establish in this city a pub
lishers' clearing-house for the convenience
of both local and country dealers.
The convention urged the increase of the
price of the penny morning newspapers
on the ground that it was impossible for
the dealers to make a living out of morn
ing newspapers which they have to buy
at 60 cents a hundred and sell -at a cent
each The publishers of the New York
citv morning papers were asked by reso
futToHntroduced by Mr. May of Paw
tucket R I., to increase their retail price
to 2 cents and to furnish the papers to
the dealers at $1 10 a hundred. . The pub
lishers of the evening newspapers were
urged to omit publication on the Fourth
of Julv. Thanksgiving day, Christmas
and New Year's day. It was also de
cided to request, that penny newspapers
be made non-returnable and that they be
sold at 50 cents a hundred.
Professor William P. Rogers of the Indi
ana State University read a paper entitled
"Is Law a Field for Woman's .Work?"
Professor , Rogers took the position that
women should be encouraged In taking
up the study of law. although he said
her fitness for the practice of the profes
sion ls yet, to a large extent, an unsolved
problem.
The discussion of this paper was opened
by Miss Mary F. Lathrop of Denver and
was taken part in by a number of men.
All took about the same view as that
taken by Professor Rogers. .
Adolph Mose3 of ( hicago created a sen
sation by making a strong protest against
the character of Llttlefield's address.
Technically speaking, there Is no opinion of
the court -to sustain the judgment.. If the De
Lima case (known as Dooley vs. United
States) is controlled by the Downes cases, said
Littlefleld. there would seem to be no good rea
son why it should not have been decided. That
It was not raises the Inference that it would be
decided 'adversely to the Government or that
there was a greater difference of opinion than
usual with reference to it. Justice liray ls the
only ore who indicates his "position" in this
case.
Taking up the first case, known as De
Lima vs. Bldwell, and stating the opin
ion of every member of the Supreme
Court ori the same, the speaker said Jus
tice Brown did not announce the conclu
sion arid judgment of the court, affirming
the judgment Jf the court below, but
rendered one. of ini own. Referring to
the opinions of Justices White, Shiras and
McKenna in the same case, the speaker
said:
The feature of the. morning session was
the annual address, which was delivered
by Congressman Charles E. Littlefleld of
Maine. Hla subject was "The Insular
Cases." These cases. -he said, considered
in the manner in which the results were
reached, the Incongruity of such . results
and the variety of inconsistent views ex
pressed by the different members of the
court, "are without a parallel In our ju
dicial history."
DENVER, Aug. 22.— The General Coun
cil of the American Bar Association has
decided that women are not eligible for
membership In the association under the
present constitution. This decision was
rendered in the case of Mrs. Jane B. Ott
of Dyersville, Iowa, who had applied for
membership. The council was almost
evenly divided on the question/ It was
finally decided to let the matter go over
a year and then to take up the question
of. appointing a committee to draft an
amendment to the constitution which will
make women ellglcle.
Nsw York Book-Sellers
Suggest That One Be
Established.
Congressman Littlefleld
Discusses Supreme
Court Ruling.
CLEARING-HOUSE
FOR PUBLISHERS
INSULAR CASES
UNDER REVIEW
NOTE— The high and low waters" occur , 'at
the • city fro.it (Mission-street wharf) ¦ about
United States Coast and } Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights : of ¦ High ; and ; Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance- to San
Francisco Bay.' Published \ by I official . au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, /Moon and Tide.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
. C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. . S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office.' U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San . Francisco Cal
August 22, 1901. . -..-.!. '.'
Merchandise for South America and
. Europe.
The Kosmos line, steamer Anubis cleared
Tuesday for Hamburg with a general cargo
valued at $111,896, manifested and destined as
follows: For Ecuador, $29,280: Peru, $9609;
Chile. $43,752; Germany, $6690; Rotterdam. $4345;
London, $27,160. The principal exports were as
follows: ;
To Ecuador— 2373 bbls flour, 600 cs blasting
cartridges, 10 cs cheese, 333 cs codfish, 120 cs
canned goods, 2S78 lbs dried fruit, 50 cs . 1000
lbs lard, 47 bdls brooms, 37 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 2 coils cordage.
To Peru— 31,432 lbs , tallow, 250 bbls flour, 271
colls cordage, 9* cs canned goods, 12 cs lard,
13,073 railroad ties, 102,800 It»s malt.
To Chile— 13,810 bbls flour. 10 cs caps and fuse.
20 cs candles, 2 colls cordage, 100 cs blasting
cartridges. 6 pkgs groceries and provisions," 36
cs canned goods, SOO lbs dried fruit, 100 cs.
nuts, 1400 lbs lard, 200 lbs mills tuffs,' 150 cs
salmon.
To Germany — 22.9SS tt>s cascara ' sagrada, 250
cs honey, 15 gals wine, 109 bbls shells, 300 bbls
aephaltum.
To Rotterdam— 650 cs honey.
To London— M.234 tus cascara sagrada, 27,401
ctlff barley. ". .
To Ljyuka — 16 cs canned fruit, € cs salmon.
To Tonga— 10 cs rolled oats." '¦ "
To Australia— U0 cs boots and shoes, 253 cs
canned goods, 109 colls cordage, 10SO lbs codfish,
33,212 rbs coffee, 61 cs drugs, 5 cs 1250 lbs dried
fruit, 354S doors. 4 cs electrical supplies, 60
bxs fruit. 20 cs fuse. 1753 gals lubricating oil.
23,387 It>s lard, 24 pkgs leather, 16 cs liquors,
9355 ft lumber, 72 pkgs machinery, 381 cs polish;
12 cs mineral water, 107 pkgs paper, 5842 crs
onions, 28 . bales overalls. 64 cs rubber goods,
113 bales rubber hose, 25 bxs raisins, 25 bxs
scales, 1050 cs 30,000 R>s table meals, S3S skt
twine, 5 pkgs wagon material.
To New Zealand— 17 crs bicycles, 15 csks bot
tled beer, 10 cs boots and shoes, 1133 cs canned
goods. 8750 lbs codfish.- 2247 lbs coffee, 53,044 lbs
dried fruit. 45 cs drugs, 10 cs metal polish, 9
pkgs machinery, 334 pkgs paper, 4707 crs onions,
11 bales overalls, 8 cs rubber boots, 333 cs sal
mon. . . • . .
To Samoa — 36. bbls flour. 233 pkgs, groceries
and provisions, 25 crs potatoes and onions, 3
cs canned goods, 4 pkgs fruit, '43 pkgs paints
and oils, 18 cs hardware, ISO cs 2 pkgs salmon,
107 tbs reanuts.
To South Africa— 464 cs canned fruit, 175 cs
dried fruit. . .
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sonoma
was cleared yesterday for Sydney and ''way
ports with a large carg* valued at $122,086,
manifested and destined as follows: For Aus
tralia, $52,976; New Zealand, J34.300; Samoa,
J2S2O; South Africa, $1761; Tonga. $63; Levuka,
$66. The following were the principal ship
ments:
The Sonoma's Cargo.
Shipping Merchants.
The Antiope and the J. C. Potter will load
coal at Oyster Harbor for Kahului.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Midi Steamship Sonoma Delayed
Through Non-Arrival of Mail.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's So
noma got away from the wharf on time
yesterday morning, but owing to the non
arrival of the English mail she was late
In leaving port. She took away every
ounce of cargo she could carry and the
following first and second cabin passen
gers:
First cabin: For Honolulu— J. F. C. Abel,
Mrs Abel end child. Mtss B. M. Afong, Mrs.
M. C. Aldrich. F. A. Alexander, W. M. Alex
ander, Dr. L. F Alvarez. Brother Anthony. C.
L. Arquez, Hiss F. L. Barker. Mrs. Ellen S.
Barnard, Miss Mary L. Barnard, J. L». Batch
elder, Mrs. Batchelder, A. Berg. Miss K. Berg
rer, E. A. Berndt. Brother Bertram, W. E.
Brown, Mrs. Brown, child and maid. R. E.
Burke. Mrs. Burke. G. de S. Canavarro. E. K.
Carson. J. F. Colburn. T. M. Cox. Mrs. Cox
a^id child. Miss I. Creighton. S. A. Crook. W.
C. Crook, Mrs. A G. Curtis and child, George
P Dennlson S. B. Dixon, H. Fl Dutton. O.
H. Eddy, Mrs. S. Ehrlich. Master Ehrllch, J.
P. Erdmann, Miss B. H- Kroet, W. M. GlKard.
K. E. GJerdrum, Mrs. M. W. Gunn. R. N.
Halstead Mrs. Walter Hardy. Mrs. S. D.
Heapy. Mr. Held, M. R. Higrins. Mrs. Hig
gins Miss N. Holden. C. J. Holt and child,
3. D. Holt. C. C. Hopkins. J. G. Hulme, J.
k T. Humburg, Mrs. Humburg. Mies Frieda
''Humburg, Miss M. E. Hyde. John Jones, S.
Kelunol, George I>eahy, O. W. Leffler, Mrs.
George Lehner, D. H. Lewis. D. C. Lindsey,
Miss D. Lishman. C. A. Long. Senor S. Lopez,
Hon. E. F. Loud. Mrs. Loud, \V. A. Love.
Henry M. Lull. Brother Mark, J. W. Mason,
C. J. McCarthy, Mrs. T. McKInley. Misa M.
L McKInley. Miss M. McPherson, Mrs. F. B.
McStocker. MIfs J. McStocker. E. V. Meeks.
Miss H. Needham. W. C. Nicoll. J. M. Oat.
Mrs Oat, V. L. Ourdan. Mrs. A. Ordway, T.
T Patterson. Mrs. W. H. Patton. Mrs. J. I.
Peterson, Miss< C. A. Potter, E. A. Powers. M.
F ProsBcr. Miss J. Rice. S. B. Rose, . O. C.
Scott. A. T. Rearle. H. K. Selby. A_ H. Seng
ttack A Simons, R. F. Ruthven Smith.»Mrs.
Smith Mrs. A. J. Smithies, child and maid, C.
<zier\inz H. F. Sturdevant, Mrs. Wray Taylor
and two children. W. F. Thatcher. Mrs.
Thatcher W. Thompson. L. A. Thurston. Mis*
Annie Van Anglen. Flske Warren. O. H.
Walker Mrs. Walker. W. F. Wilson. W. P.
Whltley. Mrs. Kelunol. Mrs. Ourdan.
For Pago Pago — 11. Evers. . .•,..•.-
For Auckland— T. H. Benton. Mlsg Aimer
Marchant. Thomas Mitchell. Miss Mitchell.
Sydney— Miss E. Chamberlain. MIps A.
M V Claverlng and maid. Miss A. N*. Coombes,
Owen Cox. D. fi. Dawson, Mrs. Dawson. MIeb
r>awson T C Dewez, L. A. Fenner, W. Fra
6<r A 'Hole Gilbertson. Mrs. Gilbertson and
chii(J, 'H. A. Held. William Hennessy, Mrs.
Hennessy. Georee Hudson. Mrs. Hudson. Miss
Kuth Johnson. Rev. Dr. B. Keenan, C. S. llc-
Calla MIee Ida Melllsh. Rt.-Rev. J. D. Murray,
Donald Mackay. Danic-1 Murray. Mrs. T. T. Pat
terson Miss O. Patterson, Miss Pfiel, C. E.
Robinson, H. H. Schlapp. R. Sevigne. Charles
Tournier. Mrs. Tournier and three children. W.
J. Watklns, Mrs.' L. L. Wirt and two children.
To Join at Honolulu for Sydney— F. G. Sykes,
Mrs. Sykes.
Second cabin : «J"or Honolulu— R. Antoin, Mrs.
Antoln. Charles G. Bailey. L. T. Eailey. G.-
Borch^rex-ank, E. D. Brown, Mies M. A. Bur
rell Mrs. .T. Oahalan. MIbs F. V. Carrel. Miss
A. E. Carter. Miss A. Clark. I. C. Colcord. Mrs.
>' '"olcord and child. Mrs. It. Comyn, Miss L.
'Vrlckard. Mise P. B. Dillon. Mn». H. Drodek, J.'
H. Estes. Mrs. G. A. Gostick, Mrs. H. H.
Hardy, Mrs. W. B. Harrub and two sons, J. E.
Hippins. Mrs. Higgins and child, W. E. Howeil,
C. W. Irish, Mrf. Irish, H. Laughery. Mrs. J.
X* MfT. c. P. Moon, Mrs. Moon. Miss M. A.
BOUND FOB, ATJSTB.AI/ASIA.
The Anubis will sail for Europe via Cen
tral and South America to-day and the
Neko will begin loading for the same ports
at once.
The Czarina goes on the drydock . to
day and will eail for the Sound to-mor
row. . "
Captain Edward of "the British steam
ship Cvmbeline has taken command of
the British steamship Imogen. Captain
Smyth of the Imogen goes to the Cymbe
line. There is a rule in the Howard Com
pany's service which calls for the oldest
captain in good standing taking the last
launched vessel. The Imogen is 300 tons
larger than the Cymbeline and is on her
maiden voyage. Both vessels meet here
for the first time, so the transfer was
made yesterday.
The Umatilla will get away for Puget
Sound ports to-day.
The steamship Lennox has been char
tered by the Government to carry oats
and hay to the Philippines.
"Water Front Notes.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ls the same at both places.
The Original Little Beneficencia Publics
Company of San Francisco. Organized
September, 1893. Drawing August 2 >.,
19OI.
No. 33398 wins $7500, sold In San Francisco.
Cal. No. 44314 wins $2500. sold In San Fran
cisco, Cal. No. 41003 wins $1250, sold in San
Francisco, Cal. Nos. . 2745, 42791, 61976, 6S943.
70769 each wins J125, sold in Portland, Or., Vir
ginia City, New, and San Francisco, Cal. •
BELFAST, Aug. 22.— The work of recon
structing the American Line steamer
Philadelphia (formerly the Paris) has
been completed and she sailed to-day for
Southampton, from which port she will
sail for New York August 31.
Will Shortly Sail for New York.
A fleet of vessels either bound to San
Francisco or due at other ports from this
point are now overdue and there ls con
siderable uneasiness -consequence.
Among them afe the Chfleah ship An
toinette, now out 93 days from Chemainus
for Antof o^asta ; British bark Battle Ab
bey, 35 days from Honolulu for Port
Townsend; British ship Harlech Castle,
163 days from Antwerp for San Francisco;
British bark Clydesdale. 84 days from Ju
nin £or San Francisco; Italian ship Fran
cisco Ciampa, 169 days from Newcastle,
England, for San Francisco; British ship
Manydown. 168 days from Swansea for
San Francisco: brig Blakeley. 81 days
from Seattle for Nome;* schooner Enter
prise. 100 days from Coos Bay for Nome;
schooner Mildred, 46 days from Ballard
for Hiio; schooner Parkersburg. 37 days
from San Francisco for Coqullle; schooner
Sadie. 28 days from San Pedro for Wil
lapa; schooner "William Benton, 78 days
from Tacoma for St. Michael, and the
Wing and Wing, 27 days from San Fran
cisco for Siuslaw.
The Overdue Fleet.
NEWCASTLE Aus-Salled Au* 21-Br shlo
Bmcadale, for San Francisco
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Au B 16-Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
COLON— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr AUlanca, from
1^ ew York.
HAMBURG - Arrived Au ff . 21 - Ger bark
Nlobe, from Oregon.
HOXGKONG-Arrived Augr 21-Br Etmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
BEACHY HEAD-Pa«ed Aug 21-Br ship
Levernbank, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosa
lia.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Augr "22— Bark Pacto
lus, from Whatcom.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Aus 22— Br stmr Vic
toria, for Oyster Harbor.
COMOX— Arrived Aug 20— Nor stmr Kvarven,
from Dutch Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Au E 16-Stmr Empresa
of Chir.a. from Hongkong, etc, for Vancouver
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed Aug 22-Stmr Ger
manic, for NewfYork. from Liverpool; stmr
Western land, for Philadelphia, from Liver
pool. * '
GLASGOW— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Peruvian
for Boston.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr Friederich
dcr Grease, for Bremen, via Southampton:
stmr Columbia, for Hamburg, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg, stmr La Gascogne, for Havre.
Arrived Aue 22-Stmr . Patricia, from Ham
burg, Boulogne and Plymouth. • ¦
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Celtic,
from New .York; stmr New Eneland, from
Boston, via Queenstown.
Sailed Aue 22— Stmr Vancouver, for Port
land, Me. • - ' . ,
NAPLES— An Ived Aug 22— Stmr Werra from
New York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa, and pro
ceeded. - ;
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr 'Auguste
Victoria, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg, and proceeded. >
ROTTERDAM-Sailed Au* 22— Stmr Amster
dam, via Boulogne.
LIZARD— Passed Aug 22— Stmr La Bretagne
from New York, for Havre.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
So^nd^ 11 AUK 17 ~ Bark Ca rro»ton. for Puget
A /u r i; e 3 d o AUB 14 " ShIP Eml^ F
Sailed Aug it- Schr Expansion, for Puget
Sound. AHg 10-Schr Defender, for V>x3t\
IrancLco Albert> f0 . r Sca "le. and not San
KAHULUI-To sail a'us: 14-Schr Otelia Ped
ersen, for San Francisco.
Thursday, August 22.
FoVt n BraRg° nal ° lty> Dettmers - 15 hours from
M<f m wa? I 58rt 8 " lnkIet 23 h ° Ura fr ° m Montere r
Cr4k r Xavarr^' Qlsen - ls hour s from; Hardy
sin^Die^o" 1 * R ° Sa ' Alexander ' 43 hou ™ from
n t?l^ r f X ? ko J, Krause. 71 hours from Se
.attie, put in to finish loadlnff.
Nan°aimo mr Tltanla ' E S e nes. 90 hours from
Gra£f igfe Nyman ' Tom
CLEARED.
Thursday, Ausust 22.
j n °r? a R V0I l9 tercnd0rp ' Honolulu and
eyanej , j d Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
at^, -, , . Thursday, Aurust 22.
Etmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
%\™ T w Ut * h PortIar -d. Hall, Coos Bay.
stmr eawa ?; Crosc «P. Tacoma.
Honolulu Oterendorp. Sydney and
to^i! ATLFc^ McGove ™. Ventura, in
TELEGRAPHIC.
.""'"<¦¦ - .V > U SPOKEN. ~£ 4 - - •
MISCELLANEOUS
ma^pSs" 168^" 6 "!!^ wreck in Unl-
Senator to Norn" d and taken *>y «mr
DOMESTIC PORTS
IcarS Kr^f 11 " 1 Au * 22 ~H B M stmr
TArnm us » 22 T Stm ' r Alliance, for Eureka
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 22— Schr vThli v
from Port Hadlock Ethel Zane >
Wafl^hent^^is A " S 22 ~ Stmr Wall*
Au K 22-Stmr Chico, for Oy B ter Har-
Arrived Aue 21— Schr M "W Tuft t ¦«¦
S m.?h AH fro B m 1 '? AUff 22 ~ Bktn *°*"
*? V £?%i£! tt & a t'&££»% r Bewick.
NSrSop'L.ffl? 22 - stmr Roan ° ke - *™
PORT LOS ANGELES-Salled Au«r 21 strr,^
SAN PEDRO — Arrived A n->- •>•> c«», t
Po e AV«% A ° S M - SCh ' J M V
Sa A n rr p e e dro AUir 22 ~ Schr John F MHler. from
V. P c?o R H T a.?o A r D of B ?e K r-g a 1 r I D d r Au ' C -t»r
mFsf^rTaMSsc^ 2^- Oeo Loo-
Shippings Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
G W. Porter, master; C. A. Sparks, first
mate- W. H. Walston. second mate; Ben
gfiV third mate; George Neville, fourth mate;
Paul Miller, filth mate: Stephen Fljnn, J. C.
Walton Cecilo de Sales. Thomas Dealing. K.
%V Shekon and Antone Nichols, boat «~rer.;
John C. Carreck. chief engineer; Michel John
eon, assistant engineer; Charles J. Stoneand
Archie Curne, firemen; G. C. Dawson. carpen-
Arcme stew : ard: William Anderson,
cook: John Berslund. tankman.
The Grampus was built in 1S74 and was
rebuilt in lb86. She was the smallest .of
the steam whalers, being only 13o feet
lone 21 feet € inches beam and 14 feet t>
inches de*p. Captain H. H- So™^.^
the first owner of the vessel and made a
fortune out of her. On his retirement the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company pur
chased her and has run her ever since.
Engines and hull were insured for $4o,!XK).
The equipment was not insured.
The fleet that left here last spring was
composed of the Alexander, Alice
Knowles. Andrew Hicks. Balaena. Bel
vedere, California. Charles W. Morgan.
Gavhead, Grampus. Jeanette, John and
Wihthxop, Karluk and William Baylies.
Of these the Balaena and Grampus have
v Veen lost and of the others on July 4 th»!
J Charles W. Morgan had 1200 barrels of
ffPerm and 276 barrels of whale oil and
£400 pounds of bone. The California had
SX> barrels of sperm oil, the Gayhead 500
barrels sV>erm and the Alice Knowles 300
barrels sperm and two small right whales.
IS there a hoodoo on the whaling fleet? I
Thirteen vessels left port last season
and two of the best of them have
been lost «uring the last thirteen
weeks. How many more will -meet a
like fate? That is the question that Is
troubling owners just now. The Balaena
left her on April 7 for the Arctic. She
•was provisioned for twenty-six months
and vas to have wintered off the Macken
zie River. While on her way north she
went on an uncharted rock off St. Law
rence Island and became a total wr.eck.
. The Grampus left here March 14 and
4fv e also is a total wreck. She was fitted
out for a two years* stay in the Arctic
and had fully $50,000 worth of supplies
aboard. She passed through the first
stages of her journey without incident
and was supposed to be Eafe In the Arctic
when the news reached the Merchants
Exchange yesterday that she had gone
ashore at Cape Smythe and was a total
loss. The captain and crew were rescued
and landed at Teller by the steam whaier
Jeanette. In order to do this the latter
vcssel, which is owned by Roth Blum &
Co.. must have made a long run back to
civilization from Point Barrow.
The meager dispatches that arrived here
from the Sound simply state that the bark
¦was a rota! loss on Cape Smythe and that
the crew had been saved by the Jeanette
and taken back to Teller. The officers
of the Grampus were:
Myrlck, John Pearson, Mrs. C. Prezeau and son,
H. C. Schmidt. Miss A. Schneider, Frank Slcot,
Miss Steele, W. R. Tuttle, D. L. Van Dine,
Charles F. Warwick. Miss F. Williamson.
For Pago Pago— C. Ettling.
For Auckland— Miss L. Dwyer, Mrs. F. Ham
mond, James Roberts, Miss E. Torrens, Charles
AVest, Mrs. West.
For Sydney— Mrs. M. Beattie, B. Gaffney, R.
Gould, George Hallparn, Joseph Newman,
Charles Prince, T. W. Singleton, Edward
Walsh.
Another Ship-wreck Reported.
The following dispatch was received by v
the Merchants' Exchange from Seattle
yesterday:
"The purser of the steamship Nome
City says: 'On August 14 a four-masted
schooner with white fore topmasts was
seen on the beach off Unimak Island. At
tempted to speak her, but there was ap
parently no one aboard. . The schooner
¦was not damaged to any great extent and
was resting easily on her side. The name
could not be made out.' "
A number of San . Francisco owned
schooners are now in the north and their
owners are now on the anxious seat un
til further news arrives from^Unimak Isl
and.
HELENA. Mont., Aug. 22.— Sensational
affidavits filed in the Silver Bow District
Court, in the Minnie Healy case, in which
It Is alleged that Judge Harney. of Butte
was improperly influenced in rendering, a
decision favorable to the Heinze Interests,
have reached the Supreme Court through
official channels. The ahidavits, as well
as the Mrs. Brackett letters, which make
up a large record, were filed with the Su
preme Court to-day by Attorney Forbls
for the' Boston and Montana, and an in
junction is asked for to restrain Heinze
from working the Minnie Healy mine
pending an appeal from. Judge- Harney's
judgment.
One court will hear the applications for
Injunction next Monday. The Boston and
Montana has also asked for an .Increase
of bond In the Pennsylvania case and has
filed affidavits setting forth; that the Mon
tana Ore Purchasing Company has ex
tracted over $100,000 in excess of existing
bonds, x •'¦ -" " . . ; •
Two Killed During the Storm.
;EL RENO, X O. T., Aug/;22.— The latest
news f ronv" Anadarjtp; in iflLJsifpeclal tbithe
American, states that" only; two persons;
W. P. Tevis of Weatherford, Texas, and
Felix Antone Jr., of Lamar County, Tex
as, werQ killed in the storm Wednesday
evening. S. V. Nelson of Kansas City and
Dana -Warren of Iowa were badly
bruised, but both will recover. The dam
age to property was about $4000.
on the Charges Made Against
tho Trial Judge. >¦
WAGING A BITTER FIGHT , ¦ .
' OVER MINNIE HEALY MINE
Montana Supreme Court Will Pass
The professor, surveying International
relations from the standpoint of a politi
cal jj philosopher, observes ,that while j the
French Revolution was occasioned by the
abuses of the rrivllegred. classes,' the pres
ent situation has been caused by a revolu
tion of material conditions. The declin
ing national sentiment should ;be replaced
by a movement for the common defense
of the Central American states against
the American trusts, which are moving
to conquer the foreign- markets more
surely than they could be conquered by
battleships. The American balance of
trade has reached an unparalleled figure.
It Is a serious Question If the present po
litical units of Central Europe are strong
enough to make an effective defense, tak
ing into account the physical conditions.
The present shifting of. the. center of
gravity of the world's forces wlir. create
three great units— China, Russia, .and
America. When China is equipped with
railroads the people will find that she has
the most capable merchants and the
cheapest labor. Russia will have the
largest area and be the greatest peasant
state. European capital will flow to the
United States and will be an important
increase of he/ economic prosperity. Of
the three the United States has decidedly
the lead. Its policy is commercial aggres
sion, beyond doubt, and states ! like the
American Union and Russia have gained
far more In the way of mobilization of
their powers from the construction of
railroads than such countries as Germany
and France. . '
VIENNA, Aug. 22.— Prof essor Edwin
Suess, the eminent publicist and paleon :
tologlst, has given an Interview respect-
Ing the Industrial and - political prepon
derance of ,the United States that attracts
much attention, especially as it confirms
the anti-American views of Continental
manufacturers and ' economists.
Eminent Publicist Says '¦¦'the
Trusts Aim to Capture
. Foreign Markets.
European Powers Fear
Growing Commer
cial Strength.
AMERICA RULES
TRADE OF WORLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L.V FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, -1901.
Grampus Runs Ashore Like the Balaena and Becomes a Total Loss.
The Officers and Crew Are Saved and Landed at Teller by. the
Jeanette — Provisions for a Two Years' Cruise on the Vessel
STEAM WHALER WRECKED NEAR
WINTER QUARTERS IN THE ARCTIC
STEAM "WHALER GRAMPUS THAT WAS LOST ON CAPE SMYTH LAST MONTH. SHE LEFT HERE IN MARCH
LAST AND WAS TO HAVE REMAINED TWO YEARS IN THE ARCTIC. THE VESSEL WAS INSURED, BUT
THE SUPPLIES WILL BE A TOTAL LOSS. ,
5
FRIDAY, AUGUST 23.
Sun rises 5:3:
Sun sets ."...' 6:5:
Moon seta ... 0:00 a. m.
|Time| |Time| |Tlme| |Tlme|
Date I Ft. ] Ft. 1 Ft. I— ¦ — Ft.
• | L W! III ,W L W| ¦¦ H W ¦
23 ". 0:19 0.9 7:26 "3.8 11:40 3.1 5:&7 5.]
24 ... 1:12 0.6 8:24 4.1 12:46 3.2 6:51 5.'.
25 ... 2:00 0.3 9:11 4.3 1:45 3.0 7:47 5.<
26... 2:44 0.0 " 9:50 4.6 2:36 2.7. 8:40 5.<
27... 3:22—0.1 10:27 4.9-3:22 2.2 9:31 5.1
28 .. 4:05—0.1 11:00 5.1 4:05 1.8 10:20 h.',
29 ... 4:43 0.0 11:30 5.3 . 4:54 1.4 11:10 5/
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Leeianaw.... ..
Buckingham:..
Pomona.
Point Arena...
City of Puebla.
Washtenaw....
Mandalay
Warren.........
San Jose.......
St. Paul. .......
Kurfka
Empire.........
Hongkong Mar
Mariposa
Palena.. — —
Walla Walla...
Guatemala.
Santa Rosa
Curacao... '..'..".
N. T. via Panama.... I Aug. 23
Nanaimo ¦. |Aug. 23
Humboldt :.'. Aug. Zi
Point Arena Aug. ti
Puget Sound Ports .IAuk. 34
Tacoma Aug. 24
Coquille River Aug. 24
Seattle Aug. L'5
Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 25
Humboldt Aug. 25
Coos Bay Aug. 25
China and Japan •. Aug. 27
Honolulu Aug. L'8
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 2A
Puget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 29
San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 20
! Mexican Ports Aug. 31
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Arcata..
Umatilla.....
Argyll
Bonlta........
North Fork..
Czarina....:..
Santa Rosa..
Pomona
AiiKii.it U
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports
Ni Y. via Panama, j
Angrnnt 24.
Seattle
Humboldt ....'.. 1...
Seattle & Tacoma.. |
Anprnst 25.
San Diego & Way
Humboldt
AiiRHSt 20.
Humboldt ..........
Point Arena .......
Anirnst 27.
Humboldt' ..'........
S. Amer & Europe
China & Japan
AairnRt 28.
Puget Sound Ports.
Panama & . Way. . .
Anfftist ; 31. ,
Honolulu' '.
I < pm
II am
2 pm
4 pml
9 am |
I— -I
9 am
1:30 p
10 anil
3 pm|
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 10
IPler 8
| Pier 2
Pier •
Pier 11
Pier 9
San Pedro....
Point Arena..
Pier .2
I Pier 2'
Eureka.;;'.;...
Neko.. ..'......
Gaelic. ••
9 ami
12. m|
1 pm
IPier 13
Pier —
PMSS
City Puebla..
San Juan.....
11 am
12 m
Pier: 9
PMSS ;
Mariposa.....'!
I 2 pm
I Pier 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Queen.....:
Orepon. ........
Huir.boldt....'..
Cottage City...
Excelsior....'...
Dolphin:.:.:...
Portland.:...*.."
Roanoke.;
Nome City ?l
City of Seattle
TMrigo.-........;
Senator..:. ..7:.
Skasruiy & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Nome and Teller....... Aujr. 14
Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 24
Skaguay &"Way Ports. Aug. 23
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2H
Nome «nd St. -Michael. Aug."2S
Nome and St.- Michael. Aug. 27
Nome and Teller........ Aug. 17
Skaguay.& .Way. Ports. Aug. IS
Skaguay, &,. Way Ports. Aug. 2S
Nome direct '...'.:.:.'...v|Aug. 29
FRIDAY, AUGUST 23.
Sun rises 5:3:
Sun sets ."...' 6:5:
Moon seta ... 0:00 a. m.
|Time| |Time| |Tlme| |Tlme|
Date I Ft. ] Ft. 1 Ft. I— ¦ — Ft.
• | L W! III ,W L W| ¦¦ H W ¦
23 ". 0:19 0.9 7:26 "3.8 11:40 3.1 5:&7 5.]
24 ... 1:12 0.6 8:24 4.1 12:46 3.2 6:51 5.'.
25 ... 2:00 0.3 9:11 4.3 1:45 3.0 7:47 5.<
26... 2:44 0.0 " 9:50 4.6 2:36 2.7. 8:40 5.<
27... 3:22—0.1 10:27 4.9-3:22 2.2 9:31 5.1
28 .. 4:05—0.1 11:00 5.1 4:05 1.8 10:20 h.',
29 ... 4:43 0.0 11:30 5.3 . 4:54 1.4 11:10 5/
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Leeianaw.... ..
Buckingham:..
Pomona.
Point Arena...
City of Puebla.
Washtenaw....
Mandalay
Warren.........
San Jose.......
St. Paul. .......
Kurfka
Empire.........
Hongkong Mar
Mariposa
Palena.. — —
Walla Walla...
Guatemala.
Santa Rosa
Curacao... '..'..".
N. T. via Panama.... I Aug. 23
Nanaimo ¦. |Aug. 23
Humboldt :.'. Aug. Zi
Point Arena Aug. ti
Puget Sound Ports .IAuk. 34
Tacoma Aug. 24
Coquille River Aug. 24
Seattle Aug. L'5
Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 25
Humboldt Aug. 25
Coos Bay Aug. 25
China and Japan •. Aug. 27
Honolulu Aug. L'8
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 2A
Puget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 29
San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 20
! Mexican Ports Aug. 31
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Arcata..
Umatilla.....
Argyll
Bonlta........
North Fork..
Czarina....:..
Santa Rosa..
Pomona
AiiKii.it U
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports
Ni Y. via Panama, j
Angrnnt 24.
Seattle
Humboldt ....'.. 1...
Seattle & Tacoma.. |
Anprnst 25.
San Diego & Way
Humboldt
AiiRHSt 20.
Humboldt ..........
Point Arena .......
Anirnst 27.
Humboldt' ..'........
S. Amer & Europe
China & Japan
AairnRt 28.
Puget Sound Ports.
Panama & . Way. . .
Anfftist ; 31. ,
Honolulu' '.
I < pm
II am
2 pm
4 pml
9 am |
I— -I
9 am
1:30 p
10 anil
3 pm|
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 10
IPler 8
| Pier 2
Pier •
Pier 11
Pier 9
San Pedro....
Point Arena..
Pier .2
I Pier 2'
Eureka.;;'.;...
Neko.. ..'......
Gaelic. ••
9 ami
12. m|
1 pm
IPier 13
Pier —
PMSS
City Puebla..
San Juan.....
11 am
12 m
Pier: 9
PMSS ;
Mariposa.....'!
I 2 pm
I Pier 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Queen.....:
Orepon. ........
Huir.boldt....'..
Cottage City...
Excelsior....'...
Dolphin:.:.:...
Portland.:...*.."
Roanoke.;
Nome City ?l
City of Seattle
TMrigo.-........;
Senator..:. ..7:.
Skasruiy & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Nome and Teller....... Aujr. 14
Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 24
Skaguay &"Way Ports. Aug. 23
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2H
Nome «nd St. -Michael. Aug."2S
Nome and St.- Michael. Aug. 27
Nome and Teller........ Aug. 17
Skaguay.& .Way. Ports. Aug. IS
Skaguay, &,. Way Ports. Aug. 2S
Nome direct '...'.:.:.'...v|Aug. 29
THE EMPOBITJM. I ?i H:E _ , ] !' M _ PO _ BIUM - I THE EMPOBITJM.
\ Little Doris, WgfilC ffftflBMfbli&Sl9 IB^ 3 for 25c, %
i T %& te'tGSS Hill fS J!Jr a *8|Jii /7re/l^ ft ' Giffars :?
¦£ dancers; from II a. m. O 5 p. m. fig HU*J, ,_^ _ 31 y fsl This special price for these fine 3*
2? daily; At faction Hal", second floor. P" €9OMl£nlCllie DOZAAI*. smokes h good until closing time X
$ Adraisson fr.c. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Satorday.- *
$ — — ¦ — ; j — : j 5
I The Big Store's Friday Specials* |
I I ££ s Clothing %Zo Silks 49c 75^,o. . • |
tf Come • tofday or to-morrow if you wish to buy a man's Somi 1600 yards cf 75c, 85c, $1.00 and $1.10 Si k X
K ' , \* ;.-.: genuine £ 10 00 su r t for $4.35; cr Foulards, in a good assortment of styles and co'orings, *
& " (P^l a boy's £3.00 suit for $1.98; or a are to be cloaed out at tpecial tale to-day only, per ) ard... JU Q^^ X
t' ¦¦¦¦¦ X"Jl $26.00 overcoat for $11.45. 57c •••• • • C &
2 •-¦• aSL oVthe'dql-ar or less fcr the balance The c O j or af$:i tment inc'u:« «e * or 3 putty gray,, browns, bue,, J
V .XLATOWW i-l p cij 1-1! 1 bLlcIc and, w bJ te - Tne widths of the |] Ic vary from S3 to 27 inches «
* ' 7*\m£ v • Summerfield wholesale stock ; ' - 3 7 incae ». X
V - / \] MW |\V °f m cn> s and boys' fine . clothing, f*hinZaiM&S*m+&* Friday \
V ; / / Ail ; \i . and many lines fom ourewn ftock. %jaM'MBM€UWWC8W Off Specials. X
K I I •¦¦:.' jl r\) Men's J7. 50 and J 10.00 Cheviot ><£^^***> v : ** \
K \^\ ' ll 5t«\ anl Ciss'mers Suits, nice m'xtures, cr in -(^""""^^^ i^^^^^>T\ '
¦ \ \— pa'nblu san 1 black— now. a s TP^i>^ i?/? *t '
«¦ V P fr\ !^ - $4i35 a^^O^^_&Ks 4»| , • $
%° << y \ Men's Stylish $1^.00 Blue and (^^&V-*^fec^S^A'^r iW^^^^-'^j • t
j^ ,11 ' leni an<1 colorings — now... j9CP«2r*9 "^^^ f^£^ 5
V , //: Men's $20.00 OvcrccatJ, made ;• J
fM ¦// ' of«y'n_ E-:gih -.vhircjrd', iov.r.«.oths @ foi* 48c — English decorated Cups and Saucers, •*
V // and Oxford gray chjvnts -g — « dLCZ Pr-ttv pink or green decorations, regu'arly <Joz=n. . Jf
5 ' /:; . i «";^-'-^---. p f -"?r- 6 for 3OC— Dessert Plates-to match above cups and {J
X ¦[ Bo s S7'5° L^g P-nts Suits, saucers _ rrguarly Sl . O3 ptr imatm * *
S '¦-.¦'¦ '.(•/: I" < *2 c n *i° r b ° ys IO '° ' 9 yt^ l '$4.' m gj5 2 5V each— White Opal Glove or HsndkercHef Boxes X
J? Vv 1/ WJ&v "bZ,.' '^V «A"lf "--'.' P,«*.*c;,,: f . rai T for P»«nong or decorating with ii 3 ar labels or stamp photos: '2
i"'\ltt ¦*«> Boys $3.00 Knee Pan.s Suits, r su - ar price aoc and 50c each. 5
tf W . «-5thdiub-e^r.*aftedc<«',i:t e «- ftf . Qa f5 cac /^Carlsbad China Cake Plates, 9 inches in
1? - ' f> r hoys 8 to i< vers— now. <°9f ar9<S9 . " , , . . ' X
"_•, O1.1O--L jlil j oiam=rer; assort-** decrrsticn'; rjgu'ar rr:ce -;oc each. j»
g B >y s' «foo ; School Su:« s knee pants, double-breasted &:^ eac fc_Er,gli S h Decorated Mush Bowls; a very %
a» jacke\ made of good all-wool creviots and cas* mire* - .-'-^ -'jr **->'' »» t X-
». ¦* - 1 - ,, • ' * • . , o Q9-vJ< pretty low shape; assorted colors; r;zular!y ioc each. j»
V in r.e v Fall p;tt-rn«, sze3 for 8 t) 15 ysars — now... \p/Sm4O r . r ' 6 ' X
K Boys' $6. co ?-picce Knee P«nt3 Suits, sizes —*±' % 0^ •• * 25c Kind ~" ' Jl
g L IO *o I5 )- B -row ,..., ;.... $3,48 Pictures toisT I
S Men's Pant3 — the $3.00 all- wool grade, cut to. .$f m 71 « v c o xcc ¦ X
,» , n l !. -i 1 j - - **% crt- An assortment of 28 different t;Lm y j,' ., .„. . .. > >, ,>j > y y> • * 5
a: Men's Pan's — the $5.00 a 1- wool grade, cut to.. $2*55 • 1 1 j - - t^v^ ••%// 0-. v -// )^^ .2
1$ V ¦-.;- ¦ ¦ -. ? •- - - , :"..TL'Y !^f nicely colored pictures, in- ;^/-^pV/^^x^^^^'^;^- -5
3f : . . "' •' , . ¦ '•'"', ; cTvding such desiiable subjects ss /////, &s$S ¦ ' /%tf' X
h . . ' - .-; ' ¦ . Cupids, marine view«, fancy heads, 'f/W 5^M^/ * '^M. X
•? ¦ m%. ¦ **m. .»"' ' . flowers, figures, landscapes, etc.; '/A// V^tl ftr*^"i«^.' >^^ 2
| - . : Soap 2c Cake. «* - » *™** « **&. m 4 *2g£wb m 5
B •¦¦ ¦'¦'¦¦ -:¦ '' j ray mat; ruU size, 15x30 inches; /////A "^^v W^ ' X
K; V ><7>i' , * '. Buttermilk Glycerin: Soap — do an excellent 25c value; 4ES** WM/M^A'^/f'y^f^Wi *
%^"'/^/j^~^ joulikeit? If ,o come to-day, lor L.hul ~<* *~** »"'v- MSC V///MMMZ'Ws/MM J.
*f /x ti^^' *!!!!2_^^ offer 3000 cakes cf this nicely prrfumid, '¦ ; Jj
S£ sg-L f/L^SE^-«2). hard-miHed buttermi k . and glycerine soap mm mm m m £ i§ £% Ladles' 5
5 W^^'""^^^©'' ri&ntlkerchMefs tZCworih2sei
J^ X^^> - • " ' We have iopo Ladies* Lace Edge and Scalloped Embroid- "*t
X y<g^Sl^-^^^^ffi^ » Br w mm LcSS Than ere Handkerchiefs, made of a nice qua'ky of sheer lawn, that sc'lreg- •?
jf Toweltna m-u cost u!ar:y 25c " ch^ w . h5ch K wc , h r , fcousht ,° n ™ h * d \ m - $2«* *
J ~^^- " ¦" tageous terms that we shal ofF.r them to-day (Friday) at M £Sa *jr X
ft? —^2^^ About 3000 yards of an excellent X
}f ¦ T Absorbent Crash Toweling fcr Affl/aff* It&fm Famovs 5l
£ ro-lers, kixhen use, etc., fast selvedg t, tlhtr new dice faCexn BrnfUmmdr tfOO Cr^mery ' jj
5~ or plain weave -will b; on ipccUl Ea'e to-day (Friday) only Jff^» " Another of our popular Butter Sales to-day, when we shall .*•
¦j; atlessthm miu co;t, P tr jard. *Z&Zp offer the regular s"ze 45c squares of the choicest Cream- J
t$ ¦ ¦ eiy Butter that is made, the .kind that brought us 3000 •*
*„ " butter cusrmers last Fridaj; to-day only, per am' j»
$ Back Gomiss igilif sqMrc : : -- ** iSG %
* emp^c style, is* . WML Liquor Bale £f/ y %
J Only a small lot, of these. latest style I{J||)[Ki |i Sauterne or Rizslin* — An rxtra quiUt/; our $1. 00 prr gallon — _ -J
£ Empire Back Combs, about 2 CO in all— ill' jl wines; on special sale Friday only 75C *J
5 ¦ 'Ui ., ¦ . , . Cutter's Whiskey — The A 1, which we tell regularly 90c per boit'e; "%
g. we wl h ther; were more, bicausr th-y ar: an ll If \/\iU MM ilk ! P* c;al Trid3 y 73c ~ %
* s extra good S5C ' qualiry, and wiil sell 1&Pf% ¦ lillSfff Chcrriis in Maraschino — The very choicest; just the thing for co;i.-- •*
if very.iapidly tt'tiwlay'iipeciil-"pr:ce .. -¦O*f • '¦ ¦}» ¦'¦\\\»n* I taUs; pint bottles regu'arly 45c; spe hi to-day 38O 5
-
Like a
JVIetcor
Flashing across the sky — tho
dash of the
California
T * '.L J
- as it rushes across the conti-
nent to Chicago. Leaves San
Francisco 9 a. c Monday and
Thursday, arriving in Chi-
cago at 2:15 p. xn. Thursday
and Sunday on tho
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BEMTO CO.
To raise money to build a large furnace on ; .
this mine we will sell treasury stock for SOo j
per shir« until farther notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock ls all sold and
Issued, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
H. R. BRADFORD. General Manager.
1 North Market St.. San Jose. •
Prospectus and exhibits at branch of flee. 413
Kearny St.. San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
®VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY forME*"
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the.
worst cases in old and young:
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette -smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
¦ Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia,' Pains In Back. Evil Desire?, Lame Baric.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness :o Mar- ¦
ry. Loss of Semen. » Varicocele or Con.
ftlpatlon. Stop Ner *5 WE vous Twitching oS
Eyellda. Effects are i"i.J^T« Immediate. Im-
part visor and pote CEJVTS nC y to every func-
tion. Don't set despondent: a cure ls atTiand.
Restore' small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain anj nerve centers: 50c a box; S tor
$? 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or '
money refunded with. 8 boxes. Circulars free.
Artdrei* BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st.
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 13
•nd n Third »t. " '
.
Chronic Constipation Cured.
The most important discovery of
recent years is the positive remedy
for constipation. Cascarets Candy
Cathartic. Cure guaranteed. Genu-
ine tablets stamped C. C. C. Never •
sold in bulk. . Druggists, ioc.
DDTTOUT7Q FOR barbers., bak-
i*K U fclliid £^$52* *&
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eanner*.
dyers; flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers; 609 Sacramento StIt has been stated that.' Uncle Sam's
greenbacks are wearing out fast and a
big reserve fund Is to be established, to
be kept in the treasury vaults. until It. is
more thoroughly cured than the notes
now in circulation. Orders were given the
other day for the clerks of theBureau of
Engraving and Printing engaged in print
ing greenbacks to work one hour extra
each day, beginning July"l.', One hundred
million dollars in greenbacks .'. are to be
accumulated and will be. laid aside to get
completely dried out before being Issued.
They will be one, two and five dollar notes,
and it is estimated that It will take about
three months to print them. Whenever
possible, it is the' policy. of the Treasury
Department not to issue. greenbacks until
they have been stored six or eight months.
By that time they are well seasoned and
are in a condition to withstand consider
able handling. During the last two years,
however,' the unprecedented ; demand for
notes, especially those of small denomi
nation, has not permitted the department
to lay aside any quantity. Most of those
printed during that time have been put
into circulation within one or two months
after. being received from the big money
mill. Any one accustomed "to handling
paper, money can instantly detect the dif
ference between, green and seasoned bills.
A note that has been thoroughly cured is
crisp, firm and tough, ; w.hlle a green note
Is thick, soft and mushy. After •. the lat
ter has been in circulation It -becomes
rough 1 like a piece . of ; blotting paper and
is* soon unfit for currency.,. It rarely, lasts
more than a. year, while the life of a well
seasoned; note :1s any where from two to
ten years.', Bills issued in the sixties have
come' Into the redemption- division in good
condition, showing that ' they 7 were well
"cured before being sent out. . Greenbacks
stored for six or eight months after. being
printed get -tough, the paper seems to get
thln'and some chemical saction. takes "place
CURING MONEY.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The following
Californians are In New York:' From San
Francisco— Mrs. Atherton, at'the Victoria;
A. Beth, at the; Belvedere: J. F. Hallett
and S. A. AVhite, at 'the Herald Square;
E. P. Connelly and . A. W. Whlttlett. at
the Manhattan: ' M. /A. Meyer, at the
Grand Union; .T. P. Spitz and wife, at the
Savoy." From Los Angeles— N. Brown and
Miss M. Brown, at the Cadillac. From
Oakland— S. D. NeBmith, at the Astor.
Californians in New York.
Of all the shining platforms thus far put forward
by the Democratic party this year the most glittering
is' that, of the Democracy of Pennsylvania. That.plat-"
form virtually declares' the.;party. out of politics. It
beorins bv. savinor; "Waivincr all mi«tm n . :.«j
Such a platform could hardly be called brilliant,
but it might pass as a shiny one. Certainly it would
have all the glitter that is popularly supposed to at
tend generalities, for the Senator would hardly be
able to put any _one of his. policies into a specific
"form. How would he frame his income tax so as
to make it constitutional? How would he define the
trusts that are to be suppressed, or the means to be
used in suppressing them? Finally, what specific
method would he propose for abandoning Porto
Rico and the Philippines or for incorporating them
politically into the United States?" • "
Among the seekers for new issues is Senator Vest.
That statesman- is reported to have said in a recent
interview that notwithstanding the free coinage of
silver has been consigned to the political dustheap.
Democracy will not return to what he called "the re
actionary policies of Mr. Cleveland." Neither does
he believe it. will continue to follow Bryan. He is
quoted as saying: "I have no personal feeling
against Mr. Bryan, and I admire him as a- man of
ability, courage and high character, but I do not
think he is a great leader, and do, not think he can
lead the party to victory." He then went on to de
clare that for the platform of the next national con
' test he' would favor three declarations— the first for
an income tax, the pecond. for the suppression of
trusts,.and the third against the acquisition or reten
tion of any territory not meant to be eventually in
corporated into the United States."
"As all is not gold that glitters, it is quite likely the
waiting leaders of Democracy may get , something
of a glittering nature to put into their next platform
without either borrowing or stealing the sterling gold
of the Republican party. They are searching for
such shiny policies now, and the country has noted
their efforts iri Ohio, in Virginia and in Pennsyl
vania. '
SHORTLY after the Virginia Democratic con
vention had adopted their platform declaring
"allegiance and unfaltering devotion to the
national Democratic party and to its leaders, from
Jefferson to Bryan, who have borne the party stan
dards in victory and in defeat," one of the delegates
is reported to have said to a Republican: "Before
the next Presidential election a, number of issues will
arise, we will be easily able to get rid of Bryan, and
you will see that in 1904 we will have a platform
just as shiny as yours."
A SHINY PLATFORM.
It is not too much toYsay that the lumber industry
as it has been carried on in this country wastes fully
as much as it converts to use. Had none but mer
chantable timber been cut or burned in the Eastern
pineries there would still be great and valuable, for
ests there, for the young timber would have grown up
to take the place of that which was cut. It behooves
the people of the Pacific Coast States to profit by
the lesson" that has been taught in Michigan and
Minnesota. .
Such being the outlook in that section of the
country, the lumbermen are preparing to move with
their axes, their saws and their mills to the Pacific
Coast. When they descend upon us they will bring
considerable capital and many workingmen. They
will make business hum for'a time, but the descent
of a swarm of locusts upon a harvest field would be
hardly more disastrous than will their work be to us
in the long run, unless so.mcthing be done to prevent
them from, destroying the forests here as they have
done in the great pine regions of the Lake States.
John E. Glover of St. Paul, who is^said to be one
of the largest lumber manufacturers iiv the country,
is reported to have stated recently that the lumbermen
are looking to the day when the lumber mills of
Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota will be idle'be
cause of a lack of timber, and are making prepara
tions accordingly. In his judgment the lumber out
put of those States will shrink upward of 60 per cent
within five years and within ten years not half a
dozen mills will be running. ¦ —
1~~^ OR some time past scientific men and students
r~< of the general conditions of the country have
•»¦ taken note of the rapidity with which the timber
supply is being lessened through, our reckless
methods of dealing with it. The point has now been
reached where business men take, note of it. The
lumbermen themselves perceive that their methods
have destroyed forests which if properly cared for
would- have given a large return to their owners and
still been as valuable as when the axmen first entered
them.
OUR VANISHING TIMBER.
Ohio Democracy made a «good spurt for party
leadership by ignoring Bryan and his platform, but
the Democracy of Pennsylvania has done better by
ignoring the whole party. The platform adopted by
the recent convention in that State closes with the
declaration: "We make this fight/not as a political
organization seeking a partisan advantage, but in the
interests of Pennsylvanians." There will be but one
more step possible in the way 'of Democratic reform,
and that will be to disband the party and quit.
The Alabama constitutional convention one day
adopted a clause giving women the right to vote, but
next day they .reconsidered the proposition and
struck the clause out, and now Alabama women are
of the opinion that men are too fickle for anything.
J. .E. Doherty,, who is associated with
Millionaire McDonald in mining and ot'ior
ventures in Dawson. i.3 at the Grand with
his bride.
Mrs. J. S. Harmes and Miss Belle
Harmes have come over from Sausalito
and taken rooms at the California.
E. B. Waterman, a wealthy oil specula
tor of Bakersfield, is .registered at the
Grand.
Ol M. Oliver, of Merced is at the Lick.
.Judge A. J. Hull and wife are at Ihe
Lick.
H. A. Jastro, the Bakersfleld banker, is
at the Grand.
J. J. Murray, a mine owner of Keswlck,
Is at the Grand.
B. F: Brooks, an oil man of Bakersfleld.
Is at the Palace.
A. L. Levinsky, an attorney of Stockton,
is a guest at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ellis of Salt Lake
City are at the Occidental.
Mrs. Dr. William Hammond of Liver
more is at the Occidental. •
Dr. H. G. Baylies, a prominent physician
of Los Angeles. Is at the Grand.
G. S. Nixon, a banker and journalist of
Winnemucca, Nev., is at the Palace.
J. L. Follet of Sioux City, la., is at the
California with his .wife and family.
J. F. West, a prominent business man of
San Diego, is a guest at the Palace.
Finally the investigator discovered that these com
binations for the conduct of great industries arc not
opposed in Europe as in this country. In Great
Britain there has been some complaint in the press,
but the Government has done nothing further than
to provide by law for r greater publicity regarding the"
promotion and annual business of corporations .than
before. In France one or two combinations have
been brought before the courts charged with
endeavoring to create monopolies, but in. each -case
the decision of the judiciary was, that there was no
cause for action. In no other country is there any
special provision against syndicates. v The people
have come to the conclusion that they are necessary
to enable their industries to compete with foreigners
and nothing is done to hamper them in. their work':
Since the free traders of the United States have
tried to take advantage of public prejudice against
trusts by setting up a theory that such combinations
are the result of protection, it deserves special notice
that in his investigations in Europe Professor Jencks
found no reason to believe that tariffs have much
effect cither way upon such combinations. He says:
"In free-trade England .the combination movement
seems to have developed considerably further than in
protectionist France; but. on the other hand, the
movement toward combination has gone much
further in extent in Austria than in England, although
in England the form of combination is generally more
complete."
In France the tendency toward combinations is less
than in any other country under investigation. • Pro
fessor Jencks attributes the lagging to two causes.
First, he says, France is less developed industrially
than either Germany, Great Britain or the United
States and is a less active competitor in the world's
markets, and second, the French code is very severe
against attempts at monopolistic control of the
market'. ,
In Austria the tendency is almost as marked as in
Germany. Of Great Britain it is said: "There were
in earlier days very many local combinations to keep
up prices and in some cases the efforts were quite suc
cessful. Within the last three years, however, a very
active movement toward the concentration of indus
try into large single corporations, after the form
which is common in the United States, has been
observed."
It is in German}' that the tendency toward indus
trial combinations has been most notable in Europe,
snd the commissioner says: "It is probable that the
movement there has been extended as far as in the
United States, and that combinations there, speaking
generally, exert a great power over prices, over wages
and in other directions. The plan of such organiza
tions in Germany is, however, quite different from
that which prevails here, as in most cases they are
made simply by contracts among independent estab
lishments instead of by forming a single large cor
poration as is the custom in the United States."
PROFESSOR J. W. JENCKS, appointed by the
United States Industrial Commission to inves
tigate industrial combinations in Europe, has
recently submitted to that body a summary of his
forthcoming report, which it is said will form a book
of about 500 pages. From the summary it' appears
that trusts have been thriving in Europe for some
time, but that they excite less comment and criticism
than in the United States owing to the fact that they
are generally regarded as being necessary to meet
modern industrial conditions.
Horticultural Mili.nery. — Harry, how do
you like my new hat?
"I don't know, Harriet; doesn't it need
a little more fruit on top and a little more
shrubbery on the left side?"— Chicago
Record-Herald.
The honeymoon was over and they w«re
keeping house. At the first breakfast ,>be
got him he sipped at his cup and then
gravely turned up his trousers. "Is your
coffee right, darling?" she murmur»«l.
"Yes. precious, but a little muddy." — Phil
adelphia Press.
Rescuer— Miss Properleigh, give me your
hand. :
Drowning Maiden (preparing to sink for
the third time)— Oh, Mr. Manley; this Is
so sudden! So unexpected! You will have
to ask mamma! — Harlem Life.
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronado Beach, Cal., effective after April 15;
$S0 for round trip. Including 15 days at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co., 4 New Montgomery , st.
TRUSTS IN EUROPE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
NH. BORGFELDT, a manufacturer of cigar making machinery and a
partner In the. early inventions of Oscar Hammersteln. i3 about to sail
for Havre with a life saving raft which he has spent thirty years In
• perfecting to compete for the prize of $20,000 offered by the estate of
Anthony Pollok of Washington, who was lost In the wreck of the Bour
gogne on July 4, 1S98.
The contest was originally connected with the Paris Exposition, but the
exhibits there v/ere not satisfactory, and a new competition has been authorized
under the direction of Captain S. Dechaille, director of the salvage service of
the Chamber,, of Commerce of Havre. This is to begin on September 1.
As far ba'ck as 1S77 the device, in a less perfect form, was tested by the
United States Navy upon the. U. S. S. Tallapoosa and was highly recommended
by Lieutenant D. G. McRItchie, commander of the vessel, to the Navy Depart
ment. It was used by the Oregon Steamship and Navigation Company upon sev
eral of their vessels shortly after that time. The Pollok competition , has now
caused Mr. Borgfeldt to revive his plan. The patent upon the device has expired,
and he says he is exploiting it now solely in the interests of humanity.
'In principle, the raft Is entirely different from anything now In use. It Is
built of floats and bags of rope netting, which can be rolled into the size of an
ordinary ship's boat and slung to support in the same way. When needed. It only
requires the cutting of a' rope to cause it to unroll and float alongside the vessel.
There it Is held by a rope ladder as wide as the raft, down which fifteen
persons may scramble abreast. Those who fall merely tumble upon the raft, and
not into the sea. Instead of tossing like a boat, it merely rises and falls with the
action of the heaviest waves.
The main purpose of thedevlce is to afford a safe method of loading the boats,
which are admitted to be the best shelter for shipwrecked persons. Much of the
danger, in such disasters as that of the Bourgogne collision has been in the wreck
ing of the boats before they could leave the ship's side: By lowering the boats
empty they can be easily filled from this floating "landing stage. When the beats
are filled those who would otherwise be left behind have a chance for their lives
on the raft, which can be cast loose by the slipping of a noose.
In one test twenty-two men went over the side of a ship to the raft in one
minute. The floats are made of airtight tin boxes cased , in wood. Some of these
can be filled with water and provisions. They are fastened together by spars,
ropes and netting. The whole raft weighs about a ton— but little more than a
ship's boat. A complete raft will be sent to Havre for the tests.
We , admit ' that there is room to respect certain
conscientious people who object to the canteen be
cause, they believe it to be official recognition of in
toxicants,^however mild.' As these frankly -.state the
reason let -them have credit. The other class, which
has defamed the President, his Cabinet and the -army
officers, and .declared the canteen worse than the
deadfall, gets no respect and deserves none.
As the line officers, chaplains, surgeons and all who
are in a position to knew what they are talking about
agree upon the superiority of the canteen over its
rival outside the posts, the press of the country may
venture to discuss the question fearless of the accusa
tion that it is paid by the "rum power." If the de
fenders of the deadfalls wish to take the position that
nearly all the regimental,. brigade and division officers
of the United States army are bribed to lie about the
matter, let them do so.
ARMY officers at the Presidio, including chap
lains) have made an official report bearing on
. the canteen issue. The conclusion favors the
system as against the outside deadfall. Temperance,
economy, conduct, morals and discipline seem all to
be arrayed against the rumhole substitute for the en
listed man's post club. Of course, those who dream
of the impossible and expect to enforce absolute pro
hibition'will oppose any method by which "the joldiers
can be ' protected against abuse of themselves, and
will be. willing to sacrifice all that must fall before
their teetotal Utopia comes. But sober-minded folks
know that that means a perpetual sacrifice of men
and the use of the' army as a place in which to rot the
morals and the bodies of recruits. •
FRIDAY. . . . . .Y. . ....;. AUGUST 23, 1901
f; JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
AUrts* AU Ceniinnniefctioni te W. 8. LEAKS,- Xuftgar.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .. .Telephone Press 204
Pl'DLI CATION OFFICE.. .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Preai 201. -
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers. IS Cend Per Week.
jsinjjle Copies. O Cents.
Terras by Mall, Including Postages
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year ?«-00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL Sunday). S months. • I- 5 ©
DAILT CALL— By Single Month 65c
RUXDAT CALL One Tear .' 1-60
TTEEKLT CALL One Tear 109
All podtmaateni ore authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies vrlll be forwarded when requested
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance •with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. - '" f*, : . .
Ktsiger foreign /frertiting, STarqaetti Building. Chleip.
(Lcnr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
JCEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAKLTO.V Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Jtnrr&y Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
\TASHIXGTO\ (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., X. W.
MORTOX K. CRASE, Correspondent.
BRAACH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner «f Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
• McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larltln. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock.. 22«1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 p' clock. 10&6 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1200 Klllmore. open until 9. a. m.
ABOUT THE CANTEEN.
By way of keeping ahead of the Germans the Brit
ish are now projecting a line of steamers swift enough
to cross the Atlantic in four and a half days from
Bantry Bay to New York. In comparison with the
competition in speed of various steamship .lines it
will be seen that yacht-racing is hardly worth think
ing about. .
Our members in Congress need to know that our
people feel deeply and. bitterly in this matter. It
brings back to them all the pain of the hard years
passed, and freshens the sacrifices made to get a
chance to live by impressing the home market, which
it is now proposed to give away that metals and coal
oil may widen their market in France and be sold
cheaper there than at home, the difference being taken
out of us. Surely it is an occasion for beating the drum,
and if we don't beat the treaty there will be no drum
head to beat unless il is made out of the skin of a
dead industry.
If the conditions were reversed, does any one think
the Eastern manufacturers, would stand by and suck
their thumbs while we cut their dividends or invaded
their surplus to secure a better foreign market for the
products of our soil? They would not merely beat
the drum, for the full band would be out.
These treaties were made without consulting this
State. But it is evident that the Eastern industries,
which get all the profit but of them at our expense,
were more than consulted — they planned and dictated
them, and have been solidly, organized to secure their
ratification. Let it be plainly understood that the
profit is taken out of us, and that there is not a penny
of present or future compensation for us. The treaties
may be ratified, but The Call desires that the Senators
who do it shall realize that they have been in a fight.
Our wine business is in its critical stage. Not
many years ago its estate was so low that the vine
yards ran the risk of being torn up. By great exer
tion and great loss the industry seems to have passed
the point of peril. Just as it is in this condition ap
pears a reciprocity treaty that in its give and take
gives California away that Eastern manufacturers
may take French trade. Those manufacturers have
been the beneficiaries of protection since 1789. They
did duty as "infant industries" in" Henry Clay's time
and were mewling and puking in the country's arms
when California belonged to Spain. To nurse them
has cost vast sums. France has nothing that can
compete with them. They are infant industries no
more. We defy any one to give a good economic
reason why the fruit-growers of California should be
sacrificed for them.
By contrast, France had vineyards and made wine
long before Caesar's invasion, and has been at it ever
since. It is there an old and highly organized indus
try. The French vintners are past masters at blend
ing, fortifying, plastering and sophisticating, either
harmfully or harmlessly, their wines. If is all an
ancient art in the hands bf habitual experts, who have
steadily resented abridgment of their American mar
ket by the competition of California.
To this it may be truthfully answered that such an
amendment is exactly the same as beating the treaty,
the purpose of which is to favor Eastern manufac
tures at the expense of Western products of the soil.
Reciprocity is a give and take. France for two sea
sons now has produced an imnfense surplus of
wine, and brandy. California is her only com
petitor. With us the industry is new. It has
risen within the last thirty years. Its proper com
mercial organization is very recent. : It has , had to
conquest the American market in the first instance in
order to live at : all. The tariff has given it that op
portunity.
IT ought not to be difficult to understand why
California objects* to features in the pending
reciprocity treaties. The Oakland Enquirer accuses
The Call of again "beating, the drum" to summon the
State to stand up against ratification, and thinks "it
would be wiser to adopt a Jess antagonistic course and
try to accomplish the purpose through such an
amendment of the treaties as will prevent our vine
yardists and other producers from being especially
hit." • 6&P -%$M
THOSE RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
•That is about the one bit of genuine shining truth
in the Senator's talk. Unless something wholly un
foreseen happen, the next election, like that of 1896
and of 1000, will be another ratification^ by the peo
ple of the policies and principles of the. Republican
It is to be noted that Senator Vest has little faith
in his own platform or in any other. Iri the inter
view from which we : have quoted he said: "If con
ditions remain as they are to-day : the Republicans
will elect anybody they choose." If -their- policy
gives us the enormous balance of trade we had last
year and opens a market for agricultural and manu
factured products in China and Japan, there will be
little chance to change the administration."
propositions upon which the people "of j the nation'
divide into political parties, we call upon all honest
citizens 'to unite with us for the redemption of our
commonwealth; from the political freebooters who
now control it." % It closes by saying : "We make
this fight not as a political organization seeking a
partisan advantage, but in the interest of Pennsyl
vanians, and will welcome closer union with .' all
political organizations honestly • pledged to the same
purpose."
A platform that waives all political issues and de
clared for a non-partisan campaign is about as shin
ing a bit of brass as, was ever passed upon an unsus
pectinginnocent v 'as a gold brick. Nothing more
shiny can be. expected even four years from now,
when the Presidency is at stake.
IN ANSWER
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
"INTERNATIONALITY"— A. S.. City.
None of the dictionaries have the word
"internationality."
NO PREMIUM-S. O. Y. P.. City. No
premium i3 offered by dealers for half dol
lars of 1S06, 1S07, 1S08, 1827 or 1793.
LOTTERY— W. A. il. City. This de
partment does not answer questions re
lating to the results of lottery drawings.
A NICKEL— Young Reader. Walnut
Creek, Cal. The nickel described in the
letter of Inquiry does not command a pre
mium.
A BILLION— Subscriber. City. In th*
United States and in France a billion Is
written in figures as follows. 1,000.000,000.
In England It Is written 1,000,000.000,000.
SAILING VESSEL— F. J. L.. City. The
fastest passage by a sailing vessel from
Liverpool to San Francisco was that macto
by the Young America, 99 days, In 1872-3.
TONNAGE— W. M.. City. The tonnago
entered and cleared at London in is3o was
16,529,073, at New York In the same year
13.203.756, at Hamburg in 1898 13.020,621 and
at Liverpool In ISM 11.818,000.
EXPOSITIONS-Constant Reader, City.
If this correspondent will send a self-ad-,
dressed and stamped envelope the Infor
mation asked for about expositions will
ba sent to him.
INFANT— J. B. C. City. If you will ap
ply to the Associated Charities you win
be advised as to all classes of Institutions
that take In and care for small Infants.
Xhis department cannot advertise such
places.
STEP-RATE PLAN— G. B., Sacramento,
Cal. The Royal Arcanum was the first to
adopt what in fraternal beneficial asso
ciations is known as the graded assess
ment; the A. O. U. W. was the first to
adopt the Step-rate plan.
FRACTIONAL CURRENCY— F. "W. 9..
Campbell, Cal. The fractional currency,
25 cents, with portrait of "Walker, onca
Secretary of the Treasury, Is worth what
any one will give for it as a curiosity.
Dealers do not offer a premium for such.
ASSESSMENTS— G. B.. Sacramento,
Cal. The Royal Arcanum was the first
fraternal assessment association to adopt
what is known as the graded assessment
plan, and the Ancient Order of United
Workmen the first to adopt what 19
known as the step rate plan.
MONUMENT— E. I.. Newman. Cal.
President McKinley did not during his
visit to San Francisco break ground for
any monument. It was suggested before
hi3 arrival that he break ground for tha
monument that Is to be erected In Union J
square to commemorate the battle \>t*
Manila.
IvALLOCH-DE TOUNG-A. 8.. Sacra
mento, Cal. I. S. Kalloch was shot by
Charles de Toting August 23, 1879. Da
Toung was shot and killed by I. M. Kal
loch, son of I. S., April 23. 1880. After tha
forty-sixth day of the trial Kalloch was
acquitted. The jury went out at 3:20
o'clock on the 23d of March, 1S31. and re
turned the following day at 4:30 with
the verdict.
SOVEREIGNS OF EUROPRi-H. G. S..
City. There is' no table < published show
ing how. much each of the crowned heads
of Europe— some forty in number— receives
per day as Income. If you have the time
you might go to the Free Public Library,
consult the "Statesman's Tear Book,"
| ascertain the amount allowed yearly to
each sovereign and then make the proper
calculation to arrive at the desired in
formation. That, however, would not
give you the private income of each.
TREMOLO — Subscriber, Oakland. Cal.
Tremolo is a tremulous or fluttering ef
fect In vocal music Intended to give a
sentimental or passionate quality to the
tone, but often It Is carried to a pedantic
and offensive extreme. It la not used
more freely in the Western than In tho
Eastern cities. It is ussd everywhere tn
proper measure for the purpose stated,
but there are singers all over who think
that if a little tremolo is good much of
the same must be better, and so they be
ccme offensive.
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main U42. . •
INVENTS A NOVEL
LIFE-SAVING RAFT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBID^T , AUGUST 23, 1901.
ILLUSTRATION SHOWING THE OPERATION OF THE RAFT INVENT
ED BY, N. H.iBORGFELDT, A MANUFACTURER OF CIGAR MAKING
MACHINERY. IT IS CONSTRUCTED OF FLOATS AND ROPE. r T 1
7 Eastern people are sitting- round complaining of
hot weather and a shortage of peaches,, tomatoesand
nntotnee/ V>iit Ptili tli<"v'ar» . tnn 1 a V.v in fr> m«MW«et ¦
To Lord Kitchener's proclamation that if they do
not surrender, before September 15 they will 'be' ban-/
ished for life, the Boers have virtually ~- lied,
"What's banished but set free?"
A social philosopher, says it is harder .work to play
golf in the sun than it is to beat a carpet iri the
shade, butthe wise man overlooks the fact that there
are no. stunning clothes to be worn when you beat
a carpet. ,
The most extraordinary^ mosquito story of the sea
son comes from New Jersey; where it is said a woman
being irritated by the insects scratched a bite; made
by one of them until she opened a vein in her leg
and bled to death.
It is evidently the intention of all parties in New
York to conduct the municipal campaign this year
on the. highest kind of moral lines, for even Tam
many is promising reform and is. getting clergymen
to indorse tbe -programme. ... /
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house — "Brother Officers."
Central — ""Men and Women." -
Tlvoll— "Barber of Seville."
California— "Barbara Frletchle."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Lady Huntworth's Experiment.".
Alcazar — "Silver-Mounted Harness."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon ana
evening. -.-.V: ¦
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Butro Baths— Swlmmlnr.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento— September 2 to 14.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOM FOR THE SUMMER.
Cnll Rtsbscrlber* contemplating a chsage of
rewirtexier Uurlnpr (be unmracr months can Iuit*
their paper fomarded by mall to their neir
nddresses by notifying The Cnll Baalness Office.
Thin pa,-.pr trill bImo be on stile at all aninmer
reiKirts aud In represented by a. local mficat tat
"vll tjwiii" on tZic const.
»
HOW RICHARD H. COOPER FOUND THE !
REGALIA OF AGUiNALDO.
BEGINNING OF A SERIES OF ARTICLES
I FOR WHIST .PLAYERS.
A NEW BIBLE PLAY FOR SAN FRAN- i I
CISCO.
HAVE YOU THOUGHT OF THIS: DOES
THE CAMERA LIE?
DO YOU KNOW WHO HE IS ? THE PRINCE I I
OF WASHERWOMAN'S J5AY. j
FIGHTING THE WESTERN GRASSHOP-
PER ON NEW LINES. |
THE ARTISTS' COLONY AT MONTEREY.
BOOKS AND FICTION AND $PQRTS.
THE "IHREE" SVENGALIS WHO HAVE MYSTIFIED ' i
THE PUBLIC OF TWO CONTINENTS. ICOMIC OPERA STAR WHO
WILL SOON APPEAR ON THE
ORPHEUM STAGE.
Continued From Page One.
PRINCESS HATZFELDT.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock" yesterday .. dismissed ¦ the 'charges of
grand- larceny preferred .against: Charles
K Clayton, ex-quartermaster's clerk of
the -transport- Sheridan, on the ground
that 1 the Government had not proved that
he stole * the • money/ ' Clayton ; was imme
diately rearrested -on a. new " . complaint
charging him with embezzlement. , On the
trial ~ on ;the ¦ grand: larceny; charge - Clay
ton : proved r; that ; other '- persons • besides
himself had : access to the: safe In which
the ' Government • money '.was ' kept.
Clerk Clayton Rearrested,
C. L.. Vawter, United States : Marshal. City-
Dear Marshal:.! have been able; for ; the first
time to- make an examination of the original
order ;. sent -' down "¦' from ' the Circuit Court'; of
Appeals,; and find that ; it will be necessary for
me fa enter - certain . orders . of " record here, '
whlcf~VwiU.be done as soon as they can be
The second letter reads as, follows:
My anxiety, in this matter 'Is to do every
thing in my . power and have all those whom
lean In any wise control fully comply with
the crdcr of the court above, which, of cours*.
•will be done. In the meantime it is necessary
that matters should rest ¦ in Btatu quo • and
"peace until order.be preserved, and I. therefore
request that you render such assistance to the
Marshal as may be necessary to maintain that
peace and quiet. Assuring ; you of : my desire
to co-operate in every effort that is needful in
order to preserve life and "property, I am. very
sincerely yours, ¦ ARTHUR H. NOYES, Judge.
Nome, Alaska, Sept. 15, 1900.
MaJ. Van Arsdale, Nome City, ''¦ Alaska— My
Dear ¦ Major: « After you called with Captain
French {his morning I saw the original papers
on file from the Circuit Court of Appeals, and
I find it Is necessary for . an order to be en
tered by this court whlcJi will be entered, of
course, as soon as the same can be prepared
and such further steps taken as will be a full
and complete compliance With the order of the
Circuit Court of Appeals. ¦_ • . ; rt
letters During, the Tumult.
reported that there was a large gathering of
excited men at the bank building': and that
bloodshed was likely to ensue. I assured them
personally of • n>y desire to enforce the order
of the higher court and to render every possi
ble assistance in the maintenance of order and
protection to life and property. ,1 had not
then ' been able to examine the papers In ; the
case. Later in the day, after I had done bo, I
dictated and signed two letters of which these
are verbatim coDies: , ; ;. . •
Continued From Page One.
Roanoke : Rye, Honey and Horehound,
Old Virginia's great offering. •
Mediation.
BRUSSELS. Aug. 22.— The Independence
to-day prints a dispatch from Copenhagen
which says:
"It is currently reported in Russian
circles that the Czar has decided to
broach South African intervention to Em
peror William and President Loubet. He
considers the time opportune for friendly
mediation."
The paper adds, under the above, that
the Czar during his stay in France win
receive Kruger In private audience and
obtain from him a direct statement of the
Boer position with the view of formulat
ing a plan for action.
He Is Said to Consider That the Time
Is Opportune for Friendly
CZAR MAY Hn'ERVENE
IN BEHALF OF THE BOERS
Little Clara was about the home of her
uncle by marriage a great . deal and ' he
became much attached to her. 'When she
was 2 years old ; her mother consented to
let her take ' up • her . home . permanently,
with the Huntingtons.. From ;that\ time
she was taught to call her aunt and uncle
by marriage "mamma" and ."papa." Her
Mother Relinquishes Child.
Clara Prentice, now the Princess von
Hatzfeldt, was born in Sacramento in
1861. Her father, ¦ who conducted a small
grocery in that city, was drowned in the
flood of 1862. To Collis P. Huntington,
who was then in the hardware business
at Sacramento, was married Mrs. Pren
tice's sister.r><-\-- v->;i--ig3HSBSB[ SMMfS9£l£B
That the determination to bring the con
test was arrived at very soon after Hunt
ington's* death is shown by the fact that
an agent made a secret search within a
few days after the contents of Hunting
ton's will became public of the official
records at Sacramento. No record of the
adoption; was found by the mysterious
emissary. Subsequently a search was
made by. some men high in Southern Pa
cific councils, b.ut it proved fruitless.
Mrs. Prentice said she signed a paper
given her by Collis P. Huntington In
which she relinquished all claim to Clara
in favor of him. There was subsequently
a formal adoption, she said, but she was
of the opinion that It might have taken
place in New York and that the records
were there. .
Decides at Once to Bring Contest.
. The Princess von Hatzfeldt reached this
city on Sunday, June 16,- and proceeded
directly to Sacramento to question her
mother as to her adoption, wh'lle her
titled husband remained in San Francisco,
consulting with attorneys. It was an
nounced/that the Princess had gone to
Sacramento merely on a dutiful visit to
her mother and strenuous denials were
made of the real object of her visit to
the capital city.
Collis P. Huntington had willed Princess
Hatzfeldt but $1,000,000 from his vast
estate, treating her as a foster child,
though she had always been- looked upon
as his adopted daughter. To the nephew,
H. E. Huntington, was left $15,000,000.
It is no wonder that the woman who had
always lived in the railway millionaire's
household as his daughter should feel re
sentment at being left but one-fifteenth
of what had been willed to a nephew and
that she should reach a determination to
secure what she deemed her rightful sharo
of the estate. - •'• .
Goes Directly to Sacramento.
Each succeeding step in the great strug
gle that has been carried on with such
strong efforts at secrecy has been pub
lished in The Call. Now this paper an
nounces the closing scene in the struggle
for millions that has been going on with
so little noise and with battle grounds on
both sides of the continent. •
The foregoing dispatch announcing the
compromise of what promised to be the
greatest will contest in ; the history of
America forms an interesting final chap
ter In the story of Princess Hatzfeldt'a
efforts to break Into the strong box of
the Huntington estate and secure more
than the millionaire intended to give her.
From the time The Call published exr
clusively the news of the fact that Prin
cess Hatzfeldt had come to California to
secure evidence of her adoption to be used
in a contest of the dead railway king's
last testament each piece of news con
cerning the proposed fight in the courts
has been eagerly sought, especially by
those hlsh in the social and financial
worlds.
Important Record,
Clara Hatzfeldt's Fruitless Search for
SEEKS ADOPTION PAPEBS.
It is said that the Prince and Princess
intend visiting California again as soon
as the compromise that will add so much
to their wealth is finally made.
At the country home of the Hatzfeldts
he will be met by Mrs. C. P. Huntington
and the payment of the $6,000,000 will be
made, the necessary papers will be
signed and the compromise formally con
summated. There will be a sort of fam
ily reunion and all prospect of a contest
and court battles and the unveiling of
family skeletons beneath the shadow of
the bench will be buried forever.
The cruiser Phaeton, which was ex
nected to arrive here and turn the sta
tion over to the Icarus, did not put in an
appearance, although she had orders to
st'l from here on the 23d and was ex
pected here as early as the 20th. It is
thought by some that she might have had
counter orders directing: her to return to
Panama, though she has not been re
ported either from there or from Aca
pulco. The Icarus is to make a speedy
run under forced draught from here to
ihe south as a sort of race against time.
It is expected she will reach Panama
about September 10.
bread, the British sloop of vra.r Icarus
Failed this afternoon for Panama \rtth
orders to stop at Acapulco for more defi
nite orders as to her action below that
point. Captain Knowling received no
orders here save to hurry forward to his
destination.
Continued From Page One.
Miss Saunders Is a tall and prepossess
ing woman. - She has a number of beau
tiful gowns and is a commanding figure
on the stage. Her voice has fine timbre
and is likely to please local theater-goers.
Off the stage Miss Saunders is Mrs. Mc-
Gucken. Her husband is a brother of Al
bert McGucken, the noted tenor who vis
ited this country many years ago. Her
husband is also a singer • and an ideal
accompanist. He has frequently played
for his wife when she sang, but owing
to the excellence . of the Orpheum's or
chestra his presence will be unnecessary.
Miss Saunders will sing a number of
beautiful melodies during her engage
ment. She will sing a selection from the
"Singing Girl," a slumber song and a
waltz song that will surely be popular. "
Miss Saunders studied under the direc
tion of Madame de la Grange of Paris.
Her voice is a pure contralto. It may not
be known, but it is a fact that there are
few contralto voices now before the pub
lic. Miss Saunders is an American, but
has lived abroad for many years. She
has sung before the nobility in London
drawing rooms and has appeared in light
and grand operas abroad. While In this
country she has supported Alice Neilson
and other well-known singers. She came
to America to alternate with. Miss Jessie
Bartlett Davis,' who was previous to en
tering vaudeville a member of the famous
Bostonlans.
tos on the American stage, will
open an engagement at the Orpheum. The
management of the local playhouse looks
upon the songstress as a top-liner. Miss
Saunders has a sweet and powerful voice
and since her advent into vaudeville has
¦won great popularity. For many seasons
she has sung in opera companies. She
was a member of Alice Neilson's organ
ization that produced the "Singing Girl"
so successfully in the East. This is her
initial visit to this coast and there is
every indication that she will score a hit.
For the last six weeks Miss Saunders
has rested and she feels that her voice
has benefited by it. She has been singing
continuously *or the last ten years in
London and "America. She has appeared
in light and grand opera and has also
sung in oratorios.
During the last season she has been at
the Metropolitan Theater, New Tork,
singing with a noted English opera com
pany. Like other noted singers, she was
tempted to enter vaudeville and her suc
cess has been so great that she is very
likely to continue in this department of
the profession.
pTf^C HEATER-GOERS have a treat in
I store for them. On Sunday after-
I noon next Miss Lucille Saunders,
1L one of the most popular contral-
The appointment of receivers from a practi
cal standpoint was not satisfactory In several
instances, and not being countenanced by the
Circuit Court of Appeals I have tried as far
as possible to allow the parties In possession
under the claims of title to work the property
by giving a bond to the opposite party and
complying with certain other orders of court,
an accounting being required" practically as
from a receiver. This, of course, is not a rule
capable of uniform enforcement. The desire
of the court, however, as far as possible is to
allow mines to be worked, in order that labor
may be employed and the resources of the
camp • developed. . _ •
In regard to the removal of Mr. Borchsenlus
es clerk of the District Court I had been ad
vised that he was unfriendly to the court and
had written a letter to certain officials in the
States calculated to arouse prejudice against
me last fall.%1 should have dismissed Mr.
Borchsenlus much sooner than I did had 'I
found a catlsfactory successor. . I desire to
state most positively and emphatically that
I never asked Mr. Borchsenius to-do a dis
honorable or improper act in my life. H. G.
Steel, the Incumbent, was • In Nome last
year. : He came to me with such recom
mendations as prompted me to believe that he
would be an excellent man for the position, as
I believe that .he is and will continue to be
to the satisfaction of all Instead of being a
special friend of a few who were openly or
covertly opposed to the court. ¦ • . .
My attention is called to the Fink Interview
in the Seattle Times of July 25. It is so grossly
and absolutely false as to be ridiculous In
Nome but where Mr. Fink Is not known, and
the prevailing condition of Nome not under
stood, it may receive some credence. A Grand
Jury was not even contemplated at this term
of court, the • District Attorney informing me
that no occasion for it existed. This opinion
was E given prior to the term and before the
dismissal at Borchsenius. I do not think that
Mr Borchsenius himself will claim anything to
the" contrary. The utterances of Mr. Fink were
his own fabrications, without any j foundation
whatsoever, and where he Is known will only
cause- a smile. In conclusion I desire to say
that I have not knowingly or willingly done or
said an Improper thing since I- arrived In Alas
ka. On the contrary I have to the best of my
ability, and as far as possible, performed all
of the duties that devolved upon me In a con
scientious and hoqest manner.
I nave ¦ not now nor have since I arrived
taken one single dollar ¦ or . the promise of a
dollar outside of the legal allowance made to
me by the Government. • Further, I have never
been in collusion or combination with any
man or set of men. Before coming to Alaska
I had practiced law for twenty years and my
integrity .; or honor were never questioned by
friend or foe. I have pursued the same course
in life in ' Alaska as has been my rule in life
In years gone by. I think I can safely say
that ¦ my enemies, and I have some, will not
question my honesty of purpose and desire to
do right as far as I have been or am able to
see It. ¦' ' ' . : .
Receivers Not Satisfactory.
Soon after navigation closed the camp so far
as the court was concerned quieted down, and
I believe that I was on good terms with prac
tically all of the inhabitants. No one could
have been more kindly" or considerately treat
ed than was Mrs. Noyes and myself by almost
all of those who had been arrayed against me.
Many" of them again took up the fight when
reports were received from the outside. The
litigants in. a great, many instances are In
tense in their feelings. Property Involved Is
valuable or believed to be valuable, consisting
mostly or mining properties where an extrac
tion of the gold is necessarily a destruction of
the property, and -applications for restraining
orders and injunctions are very numerous.
I knew before navigation closed that one
Braslan, whom I ' had understood was in ' the
employ of the Pioneer Mining Company, Wild
Goose Mining Company, or some other com
panies, had been sent out to the States. After
ward I received a clipping from a San Fran
cisco paper wherein Braslan made gross,
malicious and false accusations against me.
Among other things he -charged that AIcRen
zie had paid off the mortgage on my house,
paid my personal - debts, secured me transpor
tation, and other false and malicious intima
tions. .That I believe was the first enlistment
of the press against me. It became general
thereafter with no opportunity to me to make
denial of the unmitigated falsehoods and
wicked charges promulgated against me.
In the early mails received February last I
heard that charges had . been filed against me
and forwarded from Washington. I did not re
ceive them until July 4 and knew nothing pre
vious to that time as to the nature of the
charges. I had never heard or read a. copy, of.
the opinion of the Circuit Court of Appeals un
til long after several copies were in the camp.
I was then indebted to C. S. Johnson, who
kindly loaned me the copy he had. Not know-
Ing the nature of the charges that had been
made me, I thought it best to remain
silent "until I should receive copies of same.
First Hears of Charges.
When the cases at issue were before me I
refused to allow an appeal because in my
opinion the appointment or a receiver was not
an appealable order. The code especially pro
vides for an appeal of an injunctional order.
From authorities cited I did not believe the in
junctional feature incident to the appointment
of receivers made the order appealable. This
feature was made prominent for the first time
In the Circuit Court of Appeals. No conten
tion was ever made before me that the injunc
tional order incident to the appointment of a
receiver was the appealable order provided for
by the code. " ."*.
ARTHUR H. NOYES. Judffe.
Judge Noyes continued as follows:
I had the order referred to' in the above let
ters prepared and submitted to me on Monday.
It was not entirely satisfactory, and I directed
that It be changed so as to include the exact
language used by the higher court. This was
done, and the following morning I signed it.
There were four cases involved. In two of
them no papers were sent- down other than the
supersedeas. In the other two were Included
the order of the court.
drawn and spread upon the record. In the
meantime, it devolves upon you to preserve
the peace and good order so far as it Is pos
sible for you to do. and I have taken occasion
to request Major Van Arsdale to render such
assistance as is necessary " to protect life and
property and to hold things in statu quo un
til the order can be prepared and presented
to the court, j Sincerely yours.
The crew of tre wrecked whaler Gram
pus sailed from Nome on the steamer Va
lencia August 11. The Valencia had no
other passengers as she intended visiting
the various canneries along the coast and
gather up this season's salmon pack.
The remains of Captain E. D. Dixon of
the Yukon steamer Louise had arrived at
St. Michael and will be taken to San
Francisco on the St. Paul.
The Roanoke brought down $600,000 in
dust, the bulk of which was shipped by
the North American Trading and Trans
portation Company. Besides the above it
is estimated' that the passengers had on
their persons $200,000 more.
The Roanoke brings news of another
marine disaster in the North. The four
masted schooner James Sennett, Captain
J. F. Holstrup. is high and dry on the
north end of Urimak Island, having gone
ashore August 7 during a dense fog. Cap
tain Holstrup came down on the Roanoke
and reports the Sennett resting easily on a
gravelly beach, and if no storm comes up
she can be floated. The vessel .was built
this year at Coos Bay and is owned by
C. A. Hooper & Co. of San Francisco. She
was in ballast on the return trip when
she, went ashore.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Aug. 22.—
The exodus from Nome is fairly on and
each steamer arriving from there brings
large-Tiumbers. The Roanoke, which ar
rived this afternoon from Nome, brought
130 cabin passengers besides a large num
ber in the steerage, which makes about
1000 who have arrived from the North
this season, and from reports each suc
ceeding steamer. will be loaded with pas
sengers until the ice closes navigation.
Returning passengers report Nome as
being remarkably quiet and filled with
idle men, many of whom are willing to
work for almost anything in order to get
passage money, but there is no ¦work. and
great anxiety is felt by residents as to
what will be done with so many destitute
men. '
KOYES GIVES H S VERS1QN.
There is a pretty little story as to how
the great railroad man came to adopt
little Clara. It is said he was at her
mother's house one day and the child
looked up at him, smiling, and called him
"papa."' The heart of the cold man of
business was so touched that he deter
mined to indeed be the pretty little one's
papa as far as the law could make him so.
Clara Huntington; as she became known,
was married to Prince Francis Von Hatz
feldt at Brompton Oratory on October 28,
1889. By this marriage she became Clara,
Princess of Hatzfeldt-Wildenberg, one of
the noblest houses in Germany. Her hus
band was deeply in , debt, but arrange
ments' were made to keep ¦ him above
water and the interest on $3,000,000 was
placed at her disposal.
There is an estrangement between the
Princess and Mrs. ' H. E. Huntington.
Clara Hatzfeldt said when she was here
that she had never heard that she had
such a sister. • • -.-:.¦]>
Touched Huntingdon's Heart.
mother became her "auntie." The child
grew to girlhood in the firm belief that
the Huntlngtons were her parents.
At 14 years of age the truth became
known to the girl. She became very bit
ter upon making the discovery and it was
deemed best to send her to a school in the
East.
It Is said that Clara never saw her
mother again until after C. P. Hunting
ton's death. He was so jealous of her, it
is said, that he would not let her visit her
parent and would become angry at any
intimation that she was not really his
daughter or at any remark that ascribed
her parentage to another.
Meanwhile the people are wondering"
where the Government will bury its sol
dier dead when the National Cemetery is
filled.
In all . the cemetery districts there is a
strong feeling among property owners in
favor of still further legislation. Burials
have been stopped but the danger from
the burying of the past is still present,
and until the city cemeteries are not only
closed but removed bodily these property
owners and others interested in the pub
lic health will keep up the agitation.
Cremation has in a measure solved the
problem as regards the. citizen dead, the
records of the various crematories in the
city . showing that the prejudice against
that disposition of human bodies is fast
dying out. Relatives of those buried in
the city cemeteries are in many cases an
ticipating the coming general obliteration
of the abodes of the dead from the
haunts of the living by removing the re
mains to cemeteries in adjoining counties
where they will, be secure, from further"
disturbance.
Cremation a Partial Solution.
The district surrounding the Presidio is
rapidly being settled. Residences are in
course of construction on every hand and
in a comparatively short time the reser
vation ¦ will be contiguous to a thickly
populated portion of the city.
Before that time comes, however, the
quartermaster's department will have to
face the problem .of providing, another
place for the army dead, and property
owners in the outlying districts are anx
iously awaiting, the action of the depart
ment.
The cemeteries now within the city
limits are by law closed. Their removal
is only a matter of time. "With the Na
tional Cemetery it Is different. Every cit
izen who has at any time served with
honor in the United States Army is en
titled to burial there, and once buried the
remains are at rest forever. •
The census of this silent city was taken
last July. Its sleeping: inhabitants num
bered 3250. During the month, of June
there were over a hundred interments.
Last month not quite forty were buried,
but stacked up In the warehouses of the
post are the remains of several hundred
more. These will be kept a little longer
awaiting -orders for their disposition from
relatives. Some of them will doubtless
be shipped out of the State, but the ma
jority will be burled at the Presidio.
As a National Cemetery the burial
ground at the Presidio will never be dis
turbed. In two years or less, as there is
room for only f«.bout 3000 more bodies, the
last funeral must be held. Then will
come the selection of a new site, also
permanent, and the citizens of San Fran
cisco are determined to see that the se
lection is made in accordance with the
ideas they expressed when they voted for
the closing of all cemeteries within the
city limits. ¦• ' •"• '
Census of the Silent City.
The present site is bounded on the north
by Fort Point road, on the south by a
stone quarry, on the east by a deep
gulch, and the stone fence on the west
ern border separates it from the already
overcrowded army post. It contains in
all fifteen and a half acres.
The present site of -the National Ceme
tery was laid out in 1885. At that time
eight and a half acres were set aside and
consecrated to the purpose of sheltering
the remains of • officers and men of „ the
military branch of ' the Government. In
those days, and up to the time of the
Spanish war, burials were infrequent.
Three or four, a month would be about
the average. Even at that rate, how
ever, the space set aside for this purpose
became too small and about two years
before the war with Spain seven acres
more were added to the cemetery.
Expansion of .the cemetery within the
limits of the reservation is Impossible.
The quartermaster's department, in view
of the large number of bodies being
shipped In from the Philippines, is
already on the lookout for a Bite for a
new burial ground and the public ' will
watch the efforts of the quartermaster's
department with considerable Interest.
The National Cemetery at the Pre
sidio is rapidly filling up and two more
years, at the outside, will see every foot
of the military burial ground, with the
exception of that portion set aside for the
remains of commissioned officers, packed
tightly with the bodies of Uncle Sam's
soldiers. \ ..".,•¦
Latest Marine Disaster in the
North Is the Wreck of
Schooner Sennett.
Anxiety as to Selection of
New Site by Army:
Authorities,
HAY'S TASK IN DIPLOMACY.
A hard rain began falling. The bodies
of the wounded were removed and th«»
crowd scattered about In front of the
stores across the street. The officers
took advantage of this lull and spirited
the negro away in charge of two special
deputies. He was put safely aboard a
freight train for Birmingham.
The crime for which Brown will hang
was committed on May 7 near Spring
field, within a quarter of a mile of th°
house of the Garretts. Brown left the
vicinity at once, first going to Birming
ham, then to Anniston and Atlanta and
finally to Charleston, S. C, where he
was captured.
After some difficulty the courtroom was
cleared. Sheriff Xorth thought It unwise
to take Brown to the jail, a few blocks
away, for the crowd was rapidly Increas
ing around the front of the Courthouse.
Twenty-eight deputies armed with pistols
and shotguns were stationed in the front
hall and at the windows of the courtroom.
The first sign of the outbreak came when
one man from the outside with a pistol
In his hand started to mount the stair
way. He was followed by two or three
others. Several shots were exchanged
and the mob leaders retreated to the out
side, when two members began firing into
the windows. Arthur Blankenship was
hit first and his brother was shot while
emptying his revolver in the direction of
the windows above. '
"If you have any respect for my feel
ings, if I can have any weight In your
hearts, let me urge you as good citizens
to go home and obey the law and I will
never cease to thanK. you from the bot
tom of my heart."
The clash with the Sheriff came In half
an hour after Judge Pelham had pro
nounced the sentence. By a ruse the
courtroom was cleared of half its angry
occupants. The remaining half were surly
and bent on mischief. At the request of
Judge Pelhara, J. L. Garrett, the father
of tne girl outraged by Brown, mounted
a table and spoke, counseling peace. In
conclusion he said:
The attempt of the mob to gain pos
session of the negro followed one of
the swiftest trials ever witnessed.
The Judge and court officials were
on the defensive to suppress the
rising anger of the crowd as detail after
detail of the crime was told by witnesses
for the State, There was no evidence for
the defense. As Brown said afterward In
nis confession there was nothing the wit
nesses he had summoned could say in
his behalf. .
The Blankenshlps were brothers and it
Is said have been in town since Monday
trying to stir up trouble. Walter died
within two hours after being shot and
Arthur is in a precarious condition.
The wounded: Arthur Blankenshlp; a
small boy, son of James Hanley, slightly
wounded.
WALTER BLANKENSHIP.
ASHEVILLE. Ala., Aug. 22.— One man
was killed and another probably fatally
wounded in a battle here to-day to save
the ne^ro Jim Brown from the vengeance
of a mob after he had been tried and sen
tenced to be hanged on September 20 for
a criminal assault. The killed:
Two Brothers in Attacking
Party Are Shot and One
of Them Dies.
Many Are Trying to Earn
Money for Passage '
Home.
Sheriff and Deputies De
fend Their Prisoner
"With Shotguns.
Burial Space Is Growing.
' Short at National %
Cemetery.
NOME CROWDED
WITH IDLE MEN
FIRE INTO MOB
TO SAVE NEGRO
WILL BE FULL
IN TWO YEARS
NOTED SINGER TO APPEAR
AT THE ORPHEUM SHORTLY
Miss Lucille Saunders Enters Vaudeville
and Will Sing for/Local Theater-Goers
During the Coming Week— Her Career
¦ ¦ ¦ : . i ..--•,..¦ . -. . > ¦¦-. .-.,4, ¦ , ¦ ;. ; - . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1901.
7
500 BLACK AND COLORED SILK WAISTS (Sample
Lot), value for $6.00, $7.00 and $8.00. The ffc R "IP
entire lot will be placed on sale at Each | J
150 BLACK CHEVIOT §UITS, tailor-made, trimmed
with Silk, neatly stitched, value for $12.50, ftQ Pft
will be offered at SjQi 0b
80 RAGLANS in Oxford Gray, value for $10.00) ftr ft A
will be placed on sale at .'..... UU
70 BLACK AND WHITE FEATHER BOAS., QT Pft
value for $12.00, will be offered at ........ | a QU
150 BLACK FUR COLLARETTES, value for 4H yp
$3.00, will be placed on sale at 0 1 1 I v
Ladies will dc well to call early and secure some of the
Greatest Bargains ever offered.
SUITS MADE TO ORDER. PERFECT FIT GUAR-
1146 MARKET STfiEET.
AanrsEMEKTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW and SUNDAT.
Remaining Nights of This Week -
DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS
BROTHER OFFICERS
A Comedy In Three Acts, by Leo Trevor.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 23c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 23c | .
Branch* Ticket Office— Emporium. ;
NEXT WEEK— - v. .
"LORD AND LADY ALGY"
THE BEST YET !
BEAD THE LIST OF NAMES.
The Cragg Family, Iconise Thonidyke
Boucicault and Company, Richard
Jose, the Four Otts, lief ebre's Saxo-
phone Quartet, Eemarc and Hilay
and the Biograph. Last appear-
ance of Hill and Silviany and Chas.
H. Bradshaw and Company.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
*TSVOS 8*
-.9 B W *&3 Bra I **
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! "
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
To-Nlght and Saturday Night, Rossini's
....BARBER OF^SEVILLE....
Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee.
Tremendous Scenic Production of Bolto's
Great Classic,
.....MEFISTOFELE
FIRST TIME AT THIS HOUSE.
Next -Week— "TROVATORE" and "MEFI3-
TOFELE."
POPULAR PRICES 23c. 50c and 73o
Telephone Bush 9. . ,
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY AND SUNDAT
EVENINGS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Superb production of Belasco and De Mille'a
Powerful Drama,
Men and Women.
A Great Cast— First Appearances In San Fran-
cisco of the Talented Actress.
MISS ANNETTE MARSHA LU
DDirEV- Evenings 10c. 15c, 23c. 35c. 50o
I KltC J 1 Matinees 10c. 13c. 25a
Next "Week— Magnificent Revival of "THE
TWO ORPHANS." - "
rfL-r* H eat r staF
LAST WEEK.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Charlotte Thompson's Success,
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
Next Week— Florence Roberts.
"ROMEO AND JULIET" —
CHUTES ANDZOO.»S'«t2SS' 3
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT.
Native * Daughters of the Golden
West Night jtjhe Chutes.
To morrow Night— -Big Cakewalk.
Telephone for Seats — Park 83. .
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND ys. LOS ANGELES.
TO-DAY AND TO-MORfiOW AT 3:15 P.M.
.;• "SUNDAY AT 2:3OP.M.
RECREATION PARK,
Elsrhth and Harrison streets.
T7IQrWPTR*Q CONCERT HOUSE.
Jblfcl/nhil b Admiwion 10c.
Fannie Raymond, Camelia and Amellta. Paul
La Croix. P. A. Dunsworth. Coleman *n<3
Mexjs. Leo and Mtinroe. Irene Franklin. Jones
and Brnwn and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seata. 25c. Matinee Sunday. i
PALACE
' ¦ - * These hotels possess
AND tne attributes that tour-
T^ Ista and' travelers ap-
CRANTV predate— central " : loca-
UrviUlU tlon. liberal manaye-
HAT ct c merit, modern appoint-
nU 1 CJLjj ments and • perfect cut-
elne. .
San American and Euro-
pean plans.
Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Many babies take large quanti-
ties of food butget little nourishment.
It is what is digested, not "what
is eaten, that nourishes.
Mellin's Food with fresh milk is
like mother's milk, is all digestible
and nourishing.
Wo will sead yea a. book filled with pictures of beautiful M Mellin's Food Babies," sad a
•ample of Mellin's Food, if you will send us your name on a postal.
They are both free and you will be glad toget them,
v
9
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ONE THOUSAND MEN
WANTED!
SAILORS,
STEUEDORES,
l^MBORERS.
Steady employment
and good wages if work
is satisfactory.
Apply '
LUMBER DEALERS' ASSN.,
2O9 Examiner Bldg.
DR.METERS&CO. J0£gjfe
Specialist. Disease sgpl*?'
and weakness of Je|5^ Jf
men. Established <w(fl$ .^t» %&*i
1881. Consultation f(y5 &l
and private book \O*L * I
free, at office or by VJjpr '^JsWsi
mall. Cures guar- l^-ijS$§BSr
anteed. 731 Mar- P^^^^
ket street (eleva- Jr^^SWtk^F
tor entrance), San
I DR.PIERCES j
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOD, LBVER. LUNGS. I
f> 0 PI" n Oil I f Corner Fourth and
CAFE BWILs&sf^
Will m ¦fl«#ailta 5c> Overcoats and
valises checked free.
AMUSEMENTS. _'
UULUEVlf3_l£t LEAD1HQ THEATRE
LAST 2 NIGHTS AND MATINEE TO-
MORROW.
DANIEL FROHMAN'S
COMPANY
From Daly's Theater, New Tork. Including
HILDA SPONG,
In the Great. Comedy Success.
LADY HUNT WORTH'S EXPERIMENT.
By R.' C. CARTON.
Next Week— Last Mghts of Daniel Froh-
mnn's Company. First Time Here of
"WHEELS WITHIN WHEELS."
, SEATS NOW READY. "
GOOD-BY PERFORMANCES THIS WEEK
OF , -
"BARBARA FRIETCHIE."
(Public Demand.)
Presented by 4
MR. JAMtiS v AND THE
NF?ll J NEILL
I W ffi. / M MamjJLmS COMPANY.
Evening.... .....:......... ..25c, 33c, 60c. 75c, $1 CO
Saturday Matinee. 25c. 60c. 73c
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAYS.
25c and 5Oc— —
• THIS SUNDAY NIGHT,
"ROSEMARY."
SEATS READY.
WINNING A*otfARNE$$*RAClN(i.
Dairy Contests.
o) _j_*y5ypj^^N_F^P^^p"^itsp^P^^B^sCSoJt^ssiBr?^ £$%
&S&; Exhibit*
Free ± *v
fqp Particulars Wnis
r SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
>. Open. dally' from '7, a. m. to 11 p. m.
- Bathtnc from: 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. -10c:- CHILDREN, 6c *
Bathing, Including admission, 23c; children, 20c.Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
CHICAGO. Aug. 22.— CATTLE — Receipts,
9000. including 2<D0 Texans : and 600 Westerns.'
Choice, firm; . others. Blow; -butchers', stock,
steady to slow ; ra nge cattle, steady, v Good | to
prime ftteers, $5 25® 6 30; poor to' medium. $3 CO
©5 20; stockers and 'feodeis, about steady; J2 25
Eastern Livestock Markets.
Beans continue quiet for the reaaonsglven In
yesterday's Call. '. ''.-¦' . .,' ¦" . . .
There are ; , more' Pinks ' here than any " other
kind, but stocks, of 'all descriptions, are' a good
deal smaller than a month ago and some kinds
are about - cleaned up. ' .'...- • . .- ":¦¦ ~
BEANS— Bayos. $2 G0(§:2 75; Small White. $4 85
@5; Large White, , $4@4 25;.. Pink... $2 30@2 40;
Re.], $3'?J3 75; Blackeye, $3 50: Llmas, ?G 40@6 50;
Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl."' ; .
' SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 1 nominal; . Tellow
Beans and Seeds.
LIVERPOOL., "V" ,
Wheat— ._ ; . ¦ Sept. Dec.
Opening ;. 5 7VA ..'¦' 5 8 7 i
Closing. ....5 6% 'BSi>
PARIS. «"
Wheat— . " Aus. Nov.-Feb.
Opening ..'. ..".............. 22 00 ¦ 22 go
Closing 21 90 . 22 75 ' '
Flcur— ' ' - ( ¦ V . •' , ¦" " ¦• : ,
Opening ...'...;... ...28 03 29 15 '-
Closing ; 28 00- 29 05 ',
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l>4c under,, quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, . 10%c; medium, ; 9%c; "light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c . for' heavy and 9c for light ; Stags
6%c; Salted Kip, 9M:c; Salted Veal, 10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c: Dry Calf, 18c:- Culls and Brands 15c-
Sheepskins, shearlings, , 15@30c each; ¦ short
AVool, 30@50c each; medium, 50@75c;" long
Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse. Hides, salt $2 500
J 1 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium. $1 50®
175 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry, %l 75 for large. $1 25<8>1 SO lor medium. $1 25
for small and 50c . for Colts.; Deerskins — Sum
mer or red skins, 35c; fall or. medium skins, 30c
winter, or thin j skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and - smooth,". 50c; v medium,
" TALLOW— No. 1 "rendered, 4V4@4%c Deir'lb-
No."2,'-3V4®4c: grease, ¦* 2«/4@3c. , -r ..'.
• WOOL— Spring, 1900* or ¦ 1901— Humboldt and
Mtndoclno. ; 14@10^c; do .Lambs'.. He per lb-
Middle, County, . defective, 8@10c; Southera
free, 7 months, 7@10c; do. defective, 7 month<=
7@8c; > Oregon Valley fine, i 14@15c; do, " medium
and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, ; Eastern, .choice, 11
@13c; do. fair, to good,-9@llc; Nevada' 10@ll%c
Fall— San .Joaquin, 6^@8Vic; San Joaauin
Lambs', ,7%@9c.; . '
i. HOPS— 15<220c per ' lb ¦
Hides, Tallozv, Wool;. and Hups.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries. 14(f?2O\£c:
dairies 13G?l7c; cheese, steady, 9%@10%cf eggs,
steady, fresh, 14c. „
Of the 35 cars of Hay on the tracks very few
were sold and the market was dull, as the small
buyers have about' filled their wants for: the
time belns. -:.¦ \ ':.:'.
Bran and Middlings have again advanced and
are firm. ."-••¦ .
BRAN— T20<i?21 per ton. ,: ¦ = . . .
MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton. lit"
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake. Meal nt the mill. $2G@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, J17(S)1S; Corn . Meal,' J32©
33: Cracked Corn;. $32 50@33 50; .Mixed Feed. $17
@18. • . • '".'' ". - - ~ - ' ¦ ¦¦-.
v HAY — Wheat, *7@9 50; I choice, $10@10 50:
Wheat and Oat, $6 &0@9; Oat,$6@S 5,0; Barley
and Oat: J6@S; Alfalfa, $S 50@10 60; Clover. J3 50
©7: Volunteer, $4 50@5 30. --
STRAW— 25@42V4c. per. bale. -. < .
Hav and- Feedstuff s.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 1S.0U0 18,000
Wheat, bu ....221,000 261,000
Corn. ¦ bu : 174,000 157.000
Oats, bu 270,000 ' . 381,000
Rye,- bu '. 7,000 • • 1,000
Barley, bu 24,000 .: 2,000
¦ * r l»sorc»!R advance In AmaJttamated «J>:pper
I the lapt -h«n:r, which lifted that stock 3U
olnts over iast night and carried Anaconda
'lth it l'i un tajk of furtl.tr extensive con
slldatlonr. •7f_copjjer Interests. The anthracite
r<al carrier*, wntiRu^d to El;o«r »trenjrt^i, the
p.ir.s extojjrtlrwr to 2 In L«ckawaxina. 3% >in
k-laware enrt Hudson and 1 to 1% in others of
»e sryuy. la All other prominent slocks move
ients w«rrc restricted to fractions. The firm
•** of the United States St^er stocks was
laJntaircd <.n i very. light rolun:e of dealings.
he llniJTjcrR of tr- v » market was In face of
««ne mthcr notable sellin? for l^nCon ac
«mit. due tc the unsctticJ feelir.z on foreign
rCEXV YOKK. Ausr. 22.— Dealings in stocks
til! rurther decreapert to-day, but in *pite of
b* extreme dullness cf the market the un
twtore of firn:ner« which has recently ehar
rterized it persisted. There were more, points
f positive strength in to-day's market than
n but the general list showed p«r-
Eps Klightiy :ph Fympathy than was ihe cas«
*-rterday. The stocks In vhich the net changes
te BOticcsbie are very few. Baltimore nnil
fhio -aas ccnsj.Jt-ucuEly rtrong all day. rising
Bi extreme •? jw'ntF. and the bituminous coal
nrriers generally were firmer in sympathy,
tuinerc j+rsist In Wall ctrott of a. pendir.j?
onscliu;iti<.n of all the leaning poft-coa! in
er*-¥ts. There van al(H> a Jat-i spurt In Mis
ourl Pacific, which curried the etock up 21*
\-er last nignt. Humors of a beneficial njtre*
lent totwwn Pcr.iisylvania ar.d Missouri Pa-
Iflc BOOOOWac ihe '.Vahash . were responsible
OT the nK.vetner.t. Both FtocUs were affected
Jbo by h. nf-rvous rhort accomit. There was
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour-
Quiet; No. 3 spring, C9V4@71c; No. 2 yellow.
D7Vic; No. 2 oats, 35%@3«Vic; 'No. 2 white, 37%^
3SVI; No. 3 white, S7Vi@3S; . No. 2 rye, C7Krfi3Sc;
good feeding barley, C2@5Sc; fair to cholce'malt
lng, 60@C4',ic; No. 1 Northwestern, ?1 6C; prime
timothy seed, $5 oO@3 CO; mess pork. $14 '30614 3b
per bbl; lard. ?S $V,t,tr,8 90 per. 100 lbs; short ribs
Fides (loose), $8 10@8 30: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 7'.iQ;7%c; short clear sides (boxed), is SO
(58 90.
LARD — Tierces quoted at\7@7Vic per lb " for
compound and 10%c for -pure; half-barrels
pure, 10%c; 10-lb tins, lUic; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One hair-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9'Ac; one tierce, 9&c; two tierces
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb. :
The destruction of feed throughout the West
and Southwest by the recent" drought has" re
sulted in making pork light. -In consequence
light meats are in better supply at Western
packing centers, and for the same reason lard
is scarcer. Hence light Bacon Is quoted easy
and Lard'firirtT Whether light meats will de
cline remains to be seen, but the market is
quieter at the moment. ¦? Some dealers . are
quoting up to 14',4c for Hams.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy
12V-C for light medium. 13V4c for light. 14»4c for
extra light and lGc for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugai -cured Hams. 14(5'14Vic; California Ham«
13V>c; Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12-
Family. $12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, $23: Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, .14c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers continue to report a brisk demand
for all fruits, "with prices tending toward a
still higher range. The demand for dried
fruit this year has thus far been surprising.
FRUITS— Apricots. S@10c for new Royals and
8@14V4c for standard to fancy Moorparks; new
Evaporated Apples, 7@8c; sundrled, 3@4c;
new Peaches, 6@ 8c for future delivery; new
Pears, 6'A@9c: Plums, pitted, 4<g5c; unpitted, 1
@l^c; Nectarines, 5@6c for red and 6@6c for
white. \ '
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3V4c for the four, sizes.
RAISINS— Arc cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12@12V;c-
No. 2, 8@8»4c; No. 1 hardshell, lOlglOHc; No." 2,
6%@7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10<u,
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuis. E@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12Vic;
Filberts 12@12V4c; : Pecans, Il<3il3c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. ¦ . '
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10@
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 5Vi
@«c; light amber extracted, 4' / s@5c; dark, 4©
4Vic • . .
. BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Slop*.
ft Eprinkle of rain is reported from Salt Lake
_ity an' 1 , a light ?howor from El Paso.
The pr'EP'jre has fallen over Washington,
Jrcpon and Idaho and risen over California
ird Nevada.
The temperature has risen about ten degrees
ivr-r Orej-on and Washington; elsewhere west
it the Rocky Mountains the changes have been
fllRht.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
tours, ending: midnight. August 23. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Friday. except
Moudy or foggy along the coast in the morn
ng; fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday, except
:loudy or forgry along the coast in the morn-
Tip: lijrht west wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday; light west wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and foggy
Friday mcrninp, clearing during the day; fresh
touthwept wind.
The following maximum and minimum tem
vratures are reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 7f»-C2: Cincinnati, 84-7?: New York,
S-74; Kansas City. 94-68: Philadelphia, 88-74;
fack5onvll!°. $6-74: Washingicn. 88-72.
FRCTT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
Holllster— More hay presses needed to bale
he larre hay crop.
Harford—Prarh cutting ctill continues; fruit
T.6 grain crop O. K.
Napa— High fog in morning; prunes ripening:
Ijrbt crop.
£an Josp— Weather still cool for drying fruit.
Palermo— Whrat averages ten racks to the
We.
Ventura— Wrather continues favorable for
tSTn. b'-aTU' nn4 late b<?*ts.
Fanta Maria— Pink beans along Pismo beach
ind southward mildewing severely: white
4«*ns unaffected. G. H. WILLSON,
Assistant Section Director.
FORECAST
(VEATHEU CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Wheat. was not handled
in sufficient quantities to remove it from the
characterization of "dull," although during the
afternoon there was a sharp up-turn in prices,
which on the surface would indicate a different
state of affairs. The market saggtd during the
forenoon on scattered liquidation, induced, by
disappointing cables and favorable crop con
ditions. At the decline an increase in seaboard
clearances and smaller receipts at the chief
receiving points steadied prices without in
creasing the demand. A report that the ex
port inquiry was sharper and a stronger at
titude on the part of cash traders came later
as a bull Influence and the market became firm
on the sudden withdrawal of offerings. Sep
tember, having opened at 7O%@70^4c and
dropped to 70%c, ran up to 71c on a very little
buying by nervous shorts and the closing tone
was firm, September %@%c over yesterday at
70%@70%c.
The corn market was a draggy, featureless
affair all through. September closed %@%c
lower at 56>4@56%c.
Oate were weak In sympathy with corn. Sep
tember closed %@Vic lower at Zi%@35c.
Provisions were quiet. The ' market opened
firm in sympathy with higher prices at the
yards, but eased later In sympathy with- corn.
January pork closed 10c lower and, lard and
ribs each 2%<g5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows::
Trmrerature at 7 a. m
FLOUR— California * Family Extras, $3 25@
3 f.0, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $3 15(53 25;
Oregon, ' $2 50(g2 .75 per barrel for family and
$2 75<g3 for -bakers'.; Washington bakers', ?2 75
@3. '•¦¦ ' ' ' "¦'.¦¦ ¦" , • " '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices. In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, }3 per 100. lbs; "Rye 'Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal,- $2 E0;" Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4«?4 23; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;- Cracked
Wheat. ?3 50; Farina, f 4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 83<ffS 35;
In sacks. Jfi 50<§8: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per IOO lbs. •
Flour and Millstuifs.
This market continues dull, owing chiefly to
the very high prices. Small round Yellow,
$1 75; Eastern Yellow,- $1 65; White, $1 73@1 80
per ctl; mixed, $1 65. '
RYE— 75@"7%e per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
• Exchange and Bullion:
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....:.. — $4 S5V6
New York Exchange, sight ¦ — 7%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 <§> 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures lower. 0
¦ Chicago opened easy on liberal selling In the
Northwest, but subsequently became firmer.
Very little came out on the decline. The Inter
ior movement of winter Wheat was light, and
that of spring was below expectations. A lot
was reported worked for France..
- This market was flat/dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97&c; milling, $1®
1 02% per ctl.
« CALL BOARD SALES. }
¦ Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
?1 02. .
Afternoon*- Session— December— 4000 ctls, $1 02.
BARLEY — Were It not for the shipping de
mand mentioned frequently of late the mar
ket would be motionless, as there is nothing
doing In this city except some transactions in
Chevalier at the quotations below:
Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; . Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%@85c: Chevalier, 95c<SU 05 per ctl. ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.' \ ¦ .:'."-'
Regular Morninjr Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No Eales.
OATS— Offerings are rather larger, owing to
the increased receipts frorn the Southern coast,
but the market shows ¦ no change. Grays, are
selling to arrive at $1 10(31 20, whites are quoted
at $1 15@1 35, Black $1@1 10, and Red $1 05®
1 JO rer ct'.. • . ¦ '
CORN— Chicago was weak under further ad
vices of Improvement in the crop, but the mar-'
ket rallied after liquidation of. large local lines.
An interesting dispatch to Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. says: "Argentine shipments are decreasing,
as stocks are getting exhausted. Exports from
that country-. promise to be meager during the
balance of the season, which will turn the Eu
ropean "demand to America for about 2,000,000
bushels weekly. The European demand equals,
about 3.000.COO burhels per week, of which the
Argentine has supplied about 2,00d,000. The Ar
gentine shipments to Europe will be the main
factor in the market for some little time now."
54 degrees.
• LONDON, ' Aug. 22.— Consols, 94<Si: silver, 27d;
French rentes, lOlf 55c; wheat cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia. 29s; Walla Walla. 2Ss 6d; English coun
try markets, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 22.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s@6s %d; wheat In Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, steady; French country
markets, partly cheaper; weather In England
fine. ... ¦ . ••
COTTON— Uplands. 4%d.
Foreign Markets.
THE COAST RECORD.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No.
1, 35@75c for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton;" other
Pears, 25ffj35c per box.
QUINCES— 35@50c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6(58 per chest for Long
worths and $3(35 for large berries. . •
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7<?I8c per lb.
KiGS— Black. 50c per box for small and 75c
@$1 for large boxes; White, 50@75c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 20@50c per box; Canta
loupes, 35@75c per crate; Watermelons. $5@25
Pe GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater, 50
©75c per box and crate; Tokay, 75c@$lper
crate- Muscat. 75c@$l; Seedless, 75c@$l 25;
Black." 50cp$l; Isabella, 85c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 50@4; Lemons.
$1@2 25 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes JB@"; Bananas. 75c@$2 per bunch; Pine-
Limes, $6f?6 DO: Bananas. 75c@?a- per. bunch;
Pineapples? $1 50@3 per dozen.
PLUMS— 25@60c per box;- Prunes. 40@"5c per
crate; Green Gages, $20 per ton;, Egg Plums,
$20 per ton.
PEACHES— %zc<§%\ per box and 30@50c per
basket and $20@25 per ton for Frees and $40@45
for Clings; Peaches in carriers, 50@SOc, ac
cording to size of carrier; Mountain Peaches,
40@75c per box.
NECTARINES— White, per box; Red,
50075c.
APPLES— 75c@$l 15 per box for good to choice
and 40S65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 50c@$l 25 per box. according
to package.-
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Good Peaches and Bartlett Pears continue In
light supply and brisk demand, and the tend
ency'in both Is -toward still .-higher, prices.
Cling Peaches in bulk are especially firm.
Supplies of Figs, Quinces and Nectarines are
light. Plums are in better supply, but prices
are maintained as a rule.
"""Apples are^cioing better again.'" : ' ¦ ' : - •<*
:More Wine Grapes arrived from Antioch, and
were reported sold at $25 per ton. «
Melons are piled up along the sidewalks, the
weather being too cool for active consump
tion. Grapes continue to bring very good
prices, though stocks of them are likewise
larger than they have been.
Another car J of Valencia Oranges was
auctioned at $3 70 for fancy, $2 20 for choice
and $1 75 for standard. There was no change
In Lemons. Limes were lower.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup... 113 113% 4s quar (new). 137 138
4s quar reg 113 113U 3s quar coup..lOS% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.l06%108 Oceanic SS 5s.l01U103
Cal-st 5s 117^4 — Omnibus C 6s..l30 —
C C Water 6a.. — 108 Pac G Imp 4a. — 100
Ed L & P 6s. .128^133^ Pk & Cl H 6s.lO8 112^
Fer & Cl R 6s. — . — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — PowlI-sfR 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5^s..lO6^i — Sac E O R 5s. 95 —
• Do 5s — — S F & SJV 5s.l22%123%
Los Ang D 5s. 118 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
,L A Light 6s.l01*i — ¦ S P of A 6s
•Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1903) 112%— '
Do gntd 5S...102 — (1910) : ...113% —
L A^& Pac 5s.lO2Vi — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s.l23t,£124V4 (1905). Ser A. 109 110
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27U — (1905) Ser B.110 —
Do lem, 5s. 124 — (1306) ........112% —
Nev C N G "s.105 114 (1912) 121%122
N R of Cal 6S.112 — S P of Cal 1st
• Do 5s 119U — c smtd 5s 107
Nor Pac C 6s..l01%104 S P Br Cal 6s.l36tf —
Do os 106V4107 S V Water «3..114t4 —
Nor Cal R as. .110 113 Do 4s 102% —
Oak Gas 5s 113 — Do 4s 3d mtgl01% —
Do Trans 6s. 119&120 Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Do Water as. — 102%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 76% I Spring Valley. 84U —
Marln County. 62—1
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 4 — Pac Light .... — 4741
Equitable 5 ZYt Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 6% 5% S F G & E.... 38 38U
Oakland — 52% San Francisco. 4Vi JV,
Pac Gas Imp. 34% — Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77 81 L P & A. ....155 160
California — 406 Mer Ex (liq).. 16
Cal Safe Dep— 107% — S F National. 127% —
First Natlonal.305 — »
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ..1880 1900 Sav & Loan —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav ... 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco. 520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — iOSL&H. 40
Geary — 50 Presidio 34 40
Market 76% 76% »
POWDER.
• Giant .P. 74% 75%(Vlgorit 3% -3i£
SUGAR.
Hana „ 6 — Kilauea 12 13
Hawaiian .....— 50 Makawell 27% 28U
gonokaa U % 14^ Onomea 23% 25
Hutchinson ... 13% 14% Paauhau 1Z —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. .128% — Oceanic S Co.. — 47U
Cal Fruit Can. 95 97 Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal "Wine Asn. — 100 Pac C Borax.165 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Taint .... 16 —
Morning Session.
Board — I
25 Alaska Packers' Assn in no
10 Californla-st. R,- R im
60 Hutchinson S P Co 14 S
65 Market Street Railway '" 77 00
60 Market Street Railway " 76 7=?
10 Market Street Railway cash.. "*"" 7fi ik
$1000 S F & S J V bonds...'. "•" 1 23 m
$1000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1906).... 112 25
Street — "
117.000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1906).. 112 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Giant Powder Con ' 7593
110 Hutchinson S P Co ...-. 14 oo*
100 Market Street Railway 7c 73
$10,000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds! '.'.'.'.'.106 25
10 Paauhau S P Co ™ £)
45 Paauhau S P Co ----.. -
20 S F Gas & Electric Co H 33 CO
$1000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1912) . . . !i2l 6'%
5 Spring Valley Water s 3 S4 73
Street—
J1000 S F & S J V bonds.. ....123 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
500 Bear Flag • - .«," '
100 Bear Flag XX
1 Hanford !""'""ii7 no
200 Home u t S
100 Home " X £:
230 Home .. , J5
100 Home, s 60 '"'" , SX
400Home ' ,S£
100 Home.- s 60 , £
. 1250 Lion ™
¦ 100 Occidental of West Virginia •"'""* - ri
200 Occidental of West Virginia " " " 1%
1500 Reed Crude ; „. "'" \i
200 Reed Crude .'. ' '"••••• «
200 Sterling '" , £
I Street— ... "'.".".".'. x *».
• 100 Home » 7 
100 Home | An
500 Junction ."..".'J. ".".*.'! 23
Afternoon Session.
500 Bear Flag no
100 Caribou " TJ
3 Hanford """ ,,- Si
3 Hanford ih %
1 Hanford- TCH£3fi2 00
700 Hanford. Fresno, Kern River... ""
100 Home b CO ,22
100 Home "" " f 1?
2600 Junction .' '" J jS
600 Lion': 1*
100 Occidental of » West Virginia "" in
10 Peerless, b 30 - J?
300 Reed Crude *"-* * "'-'
601) Reed Crude *?
250 Sterling ;.., .... " •••••-••• t:
. Street- '"' 1 °° • .
100 Home 1 „ .
500 Twenty-eight ...........;.. """."HI 1 50 "
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE^
.^'Afternoon Session.
100 Home Oil _ „
300 Home Oil . ' , ™,
1000 Lion ...V.:.. ' "¦ 3 f^ 5
5 Hanford ......;. ..... ...:.Y.r."'"'"-'u 7 m
50 Peerless .......;....... ¦ x " £>
1000 Reed Crude *."- ""' 6 °2
.100V.d-.t» Crlsto • *' ,iSi
,..,.... - ............... ZOO
THURSDAY. Aug. 22—2 p. m.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market,
TACOMA Aug. 22.— Wheat— Quiet. Bluestem,
5Sc; Club; 57c. . ¦
PORTLAND, Aug. 22.— Wheat— "Walla Walla,
57c; Bluestem. 5SV£c. ¦
OREGON
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 22—5 p. nv
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 60; Red Bluff. 92; Sacramento, 72;
Mount Tamalpais, 5S; Fresno, SS; San Luis
Obispo. 74; Independence. S4; Los. Angeles. 7S;
Kan Diego. 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
tl; minimum, 63; mean; 57.
Weather Report.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 22— Clearings, $333,
4S2; balances, $58,242.
The San Joaquin River Oil Company assess
ment of IKo per share Is payable September
16; eales day, October 5.
In the afternoon Paauhau sold at $12^-3.
Home Oil advanced to $3 75 and Hanford from
$117 to $120.
Stocks and bonds were dull- and unchanged
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
but the oil stocks sold well again, there being
some activity In Home at $3 50@3 65.
WHEAT— Receipts, 135,900 bushels; exports,
93,025 bushels; spot, steady; No. 2 red, 7S?jc
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 79 J ,fcc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. S3%c f.' o. b. afloat. Options ex
hibited . early weakness as a result of disap
pointing cables, short selling and large North
west receipts, but recovered later on a scare
of shorts, partly impelled by larger seaboard
clearances. Closed firm at %@%c net advance;
September, 75 15-16^76 13-16c, closed at 76%c;
October closed at 76%c: December, 77%@7SVaC
closed at 78%c.
WOOL— Dull.
HOPS— Quiet.
. HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 5%c:
mild, quiet; Cordova, SQ'll^c. Futures closed
firm in tone and net unchanged to 10 points
higher; total sales, 35,000 bags, including Sep
tember, 14 S5(3'4 SO: October, $4 90; December,
$5 10; March. So 4O®5 T.0; April. $5 35; May, $5 50
@5 55; June. $5 60; July, $5 65. • ¦
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair 'refining, 3 7-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4c; molasses sugar, 3 3-16c;
'refined, steady. . .
BUTTER— Receipts, . SS11 packages; steady;
State dairy, 14@lSc; creamery. 16@20%c; June
packed factory, 14»4@15^4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4600 packages: dull; West
ern candled, 16<§17i4c; do, uncandled, 10@16Hc.-
DRIED FRUITS.
Little change of importance was • noted in
the market for evaporated apples, but the un
dertone continues firm. Values were well main
tained. State, common to good, 5@7c; prime,
• %<gSc: choice, S«.4c; fancy, SV4@9c California
dried fruits ruled steady, but quiet. Prunes —
3ft@7c. Apricots— Royal, S^fglZc; Moorpark,
8@12c. Peaches— Peeled, H@lSc; unpeeled,
6!£9>ic. . - '
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— FLOUR-Receipts,
12.2S5 barrels; exports. 12,500 barrels; shade
steadier and fairly active.
Nczu .York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— Cotton closed steady,
with prices net 12 to 15 points higher.
New York Grain and Produce.
The situation In these goods stands about
the same. Prices for both Butter and Eggs
are pretty high for this time of the year, and
dealers are taking advantage of this to draw
on their stocks in cold etorage. The demand
for both Is fair and there is no accumulation
of stock. Cheese continues firm. Quotations
for Butter are slightly higher again.
Receipts -were 23,800 pounds of Butter, 516
cases of Kggs, 145 cases Eastern Eggs, 33,400
pounds of California Cheese and pounds of
Eastern Cheese. • ¦. ' ¦
BUTTER— Creamery, 21'4@25c per lb for
fancy and 23<JJ24c for seconds; dairy, lS@22c;
store Butter, 15@J7*4c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 10(gllc; old, nominal; Young
Americas, ll@livic per lb; Eastern, 13@15c. .
EGGS— Ranch, 22»,£@26c for good to fancy;
store, 15@20c per dozen: Eastern, 16@20c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— To-day's - state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $173,760,533; gold, $103,444,552.
Condition of the Treasury.
Latest mail ae vices from New York say:
"The market was featureless yesterday, trad
ing in nearly all varieties being in small lots
only. The exception was prunes, which were
mod"rat€ly active, though buyers took only
rmall quantities. Prices are firm at 7c for
40-SCs, 6c for 50-60c. 5\ 2 c for 60-7Cs, 4%c for
t-0-90s and 4c for 30-100s. There are said to
bo only light supplies available, which creates
additional firmness ar.d causes holders to in
eist upon receiving full prices before they do
business.
"There is something doing- in currants, chiefly
In Email lots, which is probably the clean-up
cf dealers before the new crop comes. Prices
ere held firmly at 9c for Amalias. Recent
cables give no Indication of any change in
the situation. The market abroad is firm, as
veil as the New York market, therefore there
:s nothing to prevent holders maintaining their
quotations.
"There is little change in raisins, except
that London layers have advanced 5c to Jl 60
because of increased demand from the West.
Two-crown are held up to 6c and 3-crown can
rot be boupht. except some insignificant lots,
at less than. fi^e. Seeded are firm at 6p6%c
in bulk and 6%<57%c in cartons. There is no
news from Smyrna to indicate a change in the
situation there."
Prunes, Currants and Raisins.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8@9c for Gobblers
and 10«?l2c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $125®
150; Goslings, $1 25@T,50; Ducks, $2 50@3 for
old and $3@4 50 for young: Hens, $3 50@4; young
Roosters. $3@6 50; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fry
ers, $4; Broilers, $?@3 50 for large and $2
<&"2 50 for small; Pigeons, 11 25@1 50 per dozen
for old- and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs. . .'-'
¦ GAME— Doves, per dozen. *1 25; Hare, $1 25@
1 50; Rabbits. Jl 50 for Cottontail and ?1@1 25
for Brush. . . .
A car of Eastern came In. Local Poultry
was pretty well cleaned up. though the usual
inferior old stock was carried forward. Prices
showed no change worthy of note.
Poultry and Game.
bourses. Induced by the Franco- Turkish Im
broglio and disappointment over the main
tenance of the Bank of England rate. The •de
cision of the bank authorities on this point, in
face of the existing position revealed by the
weekly statement and the continued downward
course of the open market rates for money
Ehowed that the future contingencies in the
money market, when the crop movement in
the United States comes to be financed, are
still drtaded.
Some of the speculative and convertible rail
road bonds were again active to-day. Bonds
generally were quiet, but firm. . Total sales,
par value, $1,955,000.
Vnited Estates bonds were all unchanged on
th last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Ci.
Atchison 15,700 76>g 75->j . 76' 8
Atchison prefd 1.S00 &6»i 96^i 96'.?
Baltimore & Ohio 14,800 104 100 103»i
Baltimore & Ohio pitfd 500 93 93 93
Canadian Pacific 600 lll»i lll»i lll^
Canada Southern ...... 300 70% 70% 69
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,000 47V4 46*i 46*4
Chicago & Alton 1,000 39% 3S% 39
Chicago & Alton prefd 77
Chicago. Ind & Louis 700 • 39H 3s% 39
Chi, Ind & Louis prefd 400 73 72^ 72V4
Chicago & East 111 125
; Chicago & Great West 700 22% 22', s Z2Vi
Chi & G \V A prefd S3>,
Chi 4 O W B prefd 46%
Chicago & :>\V i93
Chicago. R I & P 500 142% 142 142-> 4
Chi Term ni Tiaiie.... 100 19 19 1S%
Chi T & T rrefd 200 ZSM 3SVi 3S
C. C. C & Bt Louis 100 '90V4 90U S9%
Colorado Southern 5,000 UM 14 14%
Colo So 1st prefd 9iK> ho\' t 54v4 54%
Colo So 2nd pit fd 500 24Vb 23"s 23%
Delaware & Hudson 3.400 169 166 16S*»
Dtl. Lack & West 2.400 231 227 229
Denver <fe Rio G 300 42»4 42Y t 42
Denver & h ic CJ prefd $*i
Erie 36.S00 39% 3S% S>%
Erie 1st prefd 12.800 67'* «6% 67%
Erie 2nd prefd 2.900 53 52 53
Great Northern prefd... 6.300 1S6% 1S5 1S6
Hocking Valley 1.100 52H o*V 2 52VS
Hocking Valley prefd 7.'.%
Illinois Central 300 115',i 144% 144%
Iowa Central 4»
Iowa Central prefd : 74
Lake Erie & West 62
Lake Erie & West prefd 100 127^ 121\i 12G
Louisville & Nashville.. 2.400 104 1C3',4 1C3T4
Manhattan L 500 HS'fc 118 11SH
Metropolitan St Ry 1,100 16S 166U 167%
Mexican Central ...; 900 25V> 25Vi 25%
Mexican National 6.9T0 I2it, 11% 11%
Minneapolis ,'z p«. Louis 100 107't 107U 107U
Missouri Pacific 7,200 104\4 102 104
Missouri. Kane & Tex.. 500 27% 27U 27Vi
Mo. Kans & Tex prefd.. 900 56 55 r.5%
New Jersey Central.... 100 162 162 162
New York Central .'. 500 1S4 . 153% 153%
Norfolk & Western 10.600 57 56 .">o'i
Norfolk & West prefd 200 90 S9% S9
Northern Pacific prefd .: 97'^
Ontario & Western 6,000 34% 34% 54%
P C C & St Louis 70
Pennsylvania 4,000 145 145>i 145%
Reading 7,200 43% 42% 43^
Reading 1st pr>'fd 6,100 79% 78% 73%
'Reading 2nd prefd 3,900 54 53;4 54
St Louis & S F.. 700 41% 41 41%
St Louis & S F 1st prefd 78
St Louis & S F 2d prefd 390 6Sij 6S 66%
St Louis Southwestern 100 30V4 • 30^ 30^j
St Louis SW prefd..... .500 63 62% 63
St Paul 13.200 166% 165% 166^4
St Paul prefd 187
Southern Pacific 21,300 58V4 57% 57%
Southern Railway 19,600 33Ji 32% 33%
Southern Railway prefd 1,400 SS 87% 87ri
Texas & Pacific 1,300 43% 42% 43
Toledo, St L & West 20%
Toledo, St L & w prefd 33%
Union Pacific : ;5,3C0 99% 9S% 93%
Unton Pacific prefd 290 90^ 90% 90%
Wabash 4,800 22% 22 22
WahyiPh pfd-...; 4,700 40% 40 40%
WhoellnR & Lake Erie 18};
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd .... 32
Wisconsin Central 100 20% 20% 20%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 100 42 42 42
Express Companies —
Adan-.s .'... 175
American 193
United States 88
Wells Farso : 160
Miscellaneous—
Amalgamated Copper... 22,900 119 113% 118%
Am Car & Foundry 1,400 23% 23 29%
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 4C0 85 85 85
Am Lfnreed. OH 20
Am Llrsseed Oil pfd 60^
Am Smelting & Ref 1.000 62% 52% 62%
Am Smelt & Ref pfd.... 1.100 101% 100V. 101 "
American Tobacco 200 134% 134% 134Vi
Anaconda Mlnins Co 4,000 4SV» 45% 46%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 2,600 75% 74% 75Vi
Colo Fuel & Iron 97%
Consolidated Gas 2,300 225 224 224
Continental Tobacco ... 200 67V4 67>4 6"lJ
Cont Tobacco pfd 100 HSU 118% 118
General Electric 300 260 259'/, 260
Glucose Sucar 400 .'5 56" 56
Hocking Coal 300 20 20 20%
International PaDer ... 1,000 23% 23 23
International Par>er pfd ..... 76'^
International Power .... £00 92% 92% P2%
Laclede Gas ; 91
National Biscuit 200 44V4 <4 43%
National I^ad 300 21 20U 20
National Salt 42^4
National Salt pfd 100 76 75 76
North American 99,.
Pacific Coast 66
Pacific Mall 1,300-41% 40"4 41
People's Gas 600 112% 112% 112%
Presped Steel Car. 300 42 42 42
Pressed Steel Car pfd P3V>
Pullman Pa!a-fe Car 2f>7
Republic Fte-!...f. l.OOd 21»4 21 2Ui
Republic Steel pfd 751/,
Pugp:r 1.500 134% J34 I3i'4
Term Coal & Iron.: 3,600- 64% €3y4 64%
Union Ras A Paper Co. lfiU
Union Bag & P Co pfd. .... 73«£
United States L»ath2r.. COO 13% 13% 1"%
TJ S. Leather pfd ],500 82 81% 81%
ITnlted States Jlubber is
T^ S Ri'.bber pfd : r>S
United States Steel...... 23.300 43Vi . 42',i 43U
U S Steel pfd 19,300 93'i S2% 33%
Western Union 100 S3 93 " 92*4
Shares sold 37?.4OO
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref ret; 107% yc y c lsts. 104^
Do 2s ref reg cp.107% N J C gen 5s.. .....J30
Do 3s reg UiSVi N Pacific Ss 72
I>o 3<< coupon 10S%l Do 4s i04«
Do new 4s red... 137 IN Y C & St L 4s.. 106%
Do new 4s coup. .137 !N & W oon 4s 101%
IV) old 4h reg....H3 . jOr Nav Ists ,.i;o
Do old 4s coup. ..HI I Do 4s if 3
Do r,s reg 10"% : Or Short Line Cs..12.i%
Do 5» coupon lf > 7%! Do con 6s. 117%
Dif=t of Col 3.65s. ..12) ilteadine pen 4(5.... 9,11,4
Atchlsnn een 4s. ..10* (R G W ists. 101
Do adj 4s 57%;St L & I M con . r )?"l]fi%
Canada So 2ds 105 iSt L & S F gen Cs 123
Ches & O 4%s......107%;St Paul enns... ]S»
I>o as 1?2 St P C & P ists. ..115
Chi & N con 7P....137 Do 5s> | iieii
Do S F deb u«....123<i!s Pacific 4s '" ;,2
Chicago Term 4s... fl4U's Railway 5s H7«
Colorado So 4s S7%| Stand R & T Cs fr,
D & R G 4« 101% Tox.& Pac Ists.. 'u-)
Krl» pcneral 4k.... RS Di 2.1r ' 3514
F V. r ADC Ists. -.104 II Pacific 4s... v 'l04i'~
G.-n Electric Ss 200 Wnbash 1st* .".'."ll7U
Jowa Cent Ists 113 Do Ms...,,.'. 110*1
I L &*N uni 4s lniHiWcst Shore 4s '"112U
M K R-. T 2ds R2 I Wise Cent * Ists." VETO
Do 4s...... 9S%Va Centuries. ] 34%
NEW YORK. MINING STOCKS. .
Adams Con 2r.| Little Chief ' i->
j Alice .: ; il Ontario -¦••••• i»
Breece .....1 4n Ophlr..: '.".'.'."" 70
I Brunswick Con 07 Phoenix '"'¦ ni
j Comstock Tunnel... 00 Potosi "'•"" n ->
Con Cal & Va 1^1 Savage '"" n;
j Deadwood Terra CO Sierra -Nevada " ou'
I Hortf Silver 175 Small Hopes.. ' 30
I Iron Silver..... 59 Standard .."3 00
I Leadville Con K. -
I - BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. -
"Money — Unidn Pacific.. 99%
Call loans ..3%iff4Vi Went End.. ......... 9fi
Time'loans — ..4 @3 Westlnghse Elec. TO^i
Stocke— - Bonds—
Atch T & Sta Fe. "<>!* Atchison 4s io»
Do prefd Sfl% N E Gas & C 5s.. K^i
American f>usar...l34 Mining: Shares —
{ Amer Telephone.. .id _ Adventure ..;. 27%
j Bop ton A Albany. .2.'S . {llfngham 49.it
1 Boston Elevated... 17S (Atlantic 37'
"f "* f^^flMltrTf^WBffinffBfflfffttflWi^^iliiiffi
Iron was dull and featureless. Pigiron war
rants, $9@10; No. 1 foundry, Northern, $15®
$15 f.0; No. 2 foundry. Southern, $14@14 50; No.
1 fjundry. southern, $14 75@15 25; No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, soft, $14 75@15 23. Glasgow war
rants closed at 53s 9d and MIddlesboro closed
at 45s 2d.
Spelter ruled steady in local centers at un
changed prices, $3 92MsS3 S7 1 / 2. The London
market eased oft" 7s 6d under liquidation and
closed easy at £17. . .
Lead was also quiet, without change, either
here or in London, closing at J4 37Vi and £11
!!•$ 3d, respectively.
Copper ruled inactive and '• nominally un
changed both at home and abroad. Lake Su
perior was quoted here at $16 50@17 and $16 37V1
to ?16 6iV4 for, casting and electrolytic,' while
spot copper in London closed at £66 5s and fu
tures at £66 13s 9d. : .i '
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— The market for
metals ruled generally dull again to-day.. Tin
was slightly lower In. the absence of support
and finally closed dull and nominally at $26 40.
The London ~ market is 7s 6d lower at £115 7s
6d and futures at £110 12s 6d.
New York 'Metal Market.
CHICAGO. Aus.,-22.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at« auction to
day I are . as , follows:/ Peaches— McDevitt's
Clinz. boxes, 75c@$l 10, average $1 01; Mitchell
Cling, boxes. 75c@$l 10, average. $1 02; Brandy
wine, boxes, averaged ' 80c: Late Crawford,
boxes, 85@90c, average ! 86c. . Grapes— Muscat,
single crates, $1.15@1 35, average 51 34; Malaga,
single crates, $1@1 70. average $1 55; Malaga
Clusters, single crates,. $2 10@2 40. average $2 24.
Prunes— Gros, single I crates. $1 15@1 50 a ye r "
age. $137. Seven cars sold to-day. Weather
muggy. ,, ¦; ¦¦': ¦. ; .-; . ¦• . : ;•
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 22.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day and the following rrices were realized:
Grapes— Malaga, , single . crates, $1 35@1 50, av
erage $1 46. .Two "cars sold to-day. Favorable
weather. ¦ ' : •',-.:-
NEW TORK, Aug. 22.— Money on call steady
at 2@6 per cetit; last loan, 2Vi per cent; prim*
mercantile paper, 4%g5 per cent; sterling ex
change steady to strong, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 S6% for demand and
$4 S4%@4 S4% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 S5M:<&4 S8; commercial bills, '$4 S3%@4 S4; bar
silver. 5S%c; Mexican dollars, 45V£c; bonds-
Government, steady; State, active; railroad,
firm.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Aug. 22.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchlson,
77%; Canadian Pacific, 11414; 'Denver and Rio
Grande, 43Vfe; do preferred, 94%; Northern Pa
cific preferred. 9SVS; Southern Pacific, 59Vi;
Union Pacific preferred, 92%; bar silver dull,
27d per ounce; money, 1@1>A per cent.
CLOSING.
American stocks began listless, with an ab
sence of buying until the New York opening,
which imparted a lively advance in Baltimore
and Ohio on talk thatTthe stock will be 'put
on a 5 per cent dividend basis and Erie on the
showing made by the annual report. The. rest
of the American department was comparatively
neglected, although there was an inquiry for
Southern Pacific.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was idle and fea
tureless. The failure of the Bank of England
to. reduce the minimum discount j rate caused
Eome disappointment. The bank made a very
strong return. The market's money supplies
have been increased £3,000,000 through the ar
rival of gold and Government disbursements.' '
London Market.
California Fruit Sales.
Silver and Exchange about rhc same.
Wheat Hat. Barley quiet in the local market.
Some changes in Com. Oats and Rye as before. -
Bran and Middlings still higher. Hay dull.
Beans continue quiet and unchanged.
Potatoes short and advancing all over the country.
Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs somewhat higher than the normal.
Poultry in good supply and quiet.
Increasing demand for good Peaches and Pears.
Melons in large supply and dull 4
Demand for Dried Fruits still remarkably active.
Light cured Meats in larger supply. Lard firm.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Local packers well supplied with Hogs.
Oil stocks selling fairly. Local -stocks dull.
More new Codfish received from the north.
Bost 9 n & Maine... 170 [Calumet & Hecla..74O
Dom ">«on Coal..... 3S j Centennial ......... 20
Do prefd ngi^ Franklin 1S»4
US Steel ....43 Humboldt J...25
-,. r>o . l>reiU _... 93 Osceola ..100
RSf^il2L2 P £2S^ M * Parrot '51%
Gen Electric... 25-JVfc Quincy ...: ...170^
xc d p<?c III.; o 40 Santa Fe Co pp er .. - tV ,
Mexican Central... 2". Tamarack .........340
E ,9 as & c °ke.. 6"U Utah Mining .30
™ £ Ol °r y .--- 2OS Winona 3Vi
Old Dominion...... 33% AVolverlnes 6oVi
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, lU@2c; String
Beans, l«g;3c; Llmas, 2@3c ; Cabbage, 63@60c
per ctl; tomatoes from the river, 25@75c; from
Alameda. 65c@$l 23; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c;
Green Okra, 40<3'60c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Cucumbers, Bay. 20@30c ; Pickles, VA@
r lHc per, lb for small and lc for large; Garlic,
2®3c; Green Peppers. 25@4Oc per box for Chile
and 25(j?50c for Bell; Egg Plant, 35@50c per box;
Green Corn, 25@65c per sack; -Alameda, 75®
$1 per crate; Berkeley, 40@65c; Summer Squash,
large boxes. 20@30c; New Marrowfat Squash,
?15@20 per ton. - - :
. POTATOES-$1 25@1 45 In sacks and $1 40@l 65
In boxes for Burbanks, $120 for Garnet Chiles
and $1@1 10 for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks,
$1 40@l 55;- Sweets, 1%@1%c per lb for Rivers
and l%c for new Merced and 75c per sack for
,old do. , ¦ •. ¦ •
I ONIONS— Yellow. 85c@$l per ctl; Pickle On
ions, 63@75c rer ctl.
; There was not much change in Vegetables,
though Tomatoes were in still better supply and
Corn weakened off under more liberal stocks.
1 Potatoes' were steady yesterday, but the feel
,lng ,was hardly as firm, as .receipts ran up to
,7303 sacks. ; The bulk of these were for ship
ment, however, and were loaded- on the cars for
,the West. Cabbage was quoted much higher.
Onions ruled firm. The Australian steamer took
out over 10.000 crates. '. .
| Cabbaga is also short, especially in the Cen
tral West,- where the price is now ?8 per 100
head, against $1 a year ago. '
The Potato crop has been badly damaged by
hot and dry weather all over the United States
except on this coast, and prices are very high
in consequence. Potatoes are quoted at' $2@2 40
per bushel In Massachusetts, against SOcigl 20
a year ago, and on Tuesday the Chicago mar
ket Jumped to $1 75@2. a rise of 40c per : hun
dred In one. day. Colorado, which has hereto
fore sent large supplies Into the Central West,
is itself short this year and has been calling on
California for large lines. It these conditions
continue therCis no knowing ' where "the I price
will go to. The crop of the whole country' in
recent years has been about 200,C0O,C00 bushels,
but this year, . according to the reports of the
Department of Agriculture. It will be about
.15O.CO0.O00 bushels at the outside. This shortage
of 50.0C0.C00 bushels must be made up somehow.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
GRAIN BAGS-Ca!cutta' Grain Bags, 7%@
8c: local make; %c less than Calcuttas; "Wool
Bags, 32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit
Bags,' u'/i@Cc for cotton 'and 8%@S%c for jute.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay *3 50; Wallsend. $3: Co-operative Walls
end ' $9- Cumberland. J12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
117 'in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 4"i
Per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
bl OILS-CaIlfornIa Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c- pure $1 22; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
S4c- raw' S2c- cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels., SOc; cases. Soc; China
Nut 55«772c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
relsi C7«4c; cases. 72V_c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 40@45c per gallon;
'Fish Oil, in barrels. 3714c; cases. 42J-C
COAL OIL- Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c- Pearl Oil. In cases. 19c; Astral/ 19c. Star.
19c Extra Star. 23c: Elaine 24c: Eocene 21c:
deodorized stove gasoline in bulk, loc. In
cases 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases. 20c;
S6-de*ree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon In cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— T^e Western Sugar Refining Com- ,
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and fine Crushed. 5.30c; Pow
dered. 5.15c: Candy Granulated, o.loc; Dry
Granulated. 5.05c: Confectioners 1 A. 5.0.>c. Fruit
Granulated. 5.05c: Beet Granulated 4.95c. Mag
nolia A, 4.65c; Extra C. 4.5oc: Golden C. 4.4*c.
barrels 10c more; half-barrels. 2ac more, boxes,
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or. Its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels. 5.55c: boxes. 5.S0c p*r lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— The Union Fish Com
pany reports the arrival of the barkentlne Fre
mont with 117.C00 new fish from the Behring
Sea. Quotations are unchanged.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is nothing new to report, except that
local packers are indifferent buyers of Hogs,
being well supplied at the moment.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
. BEEF-e^'ic for Steers and 5®5%c per lb for
cows. • ,.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small. 8@9c per IB.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7® 8c; Ewes. 7@7V4c per
pound. «
. LaMB— 8@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 8%c:
over 2C0 lbs, 6c; feeders. : sows. 23 per
cent oft*; boars, 50 per cent oft and stags. 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7^@9%c. £
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. AUGUST 22.
Flour, qr sks 5,516 Bran, sks 7C.1
Wheat, ctls. ...... 4.46f; Mlddlinss. sks.... 770
Barley, ctls 14,650 Wool, bales 4S1
'Oats. ¦ ctls 6,360 Hay. tons ; 493
Rye. ctls 570 Straw, tons V>
Corn, ctls 50 Wine, gals 9,500
Susrar, ctls 2,709 Hides, No 93S
Tallow, ctls 33? Pelts, bdls 125
Beans, sks 180 Quicksilver, flsks 10O
Potatoes, sks 7,303 Lime, bbls 182
Onions, sks 1,370. Leather, rolls.... ¦ 122
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks S0O|
General Merchandise.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In ths San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday.
Morning Session.'
¦?no Challenge V 30O Overman 10
KoSn'caf&Va:.! 83 1300 Yellow Jacket. 30
10O Confidence 1 13 2C0 Ye ow Jacket. 23
300 Mexican li SOO Yellow Jacket. 23
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 04 200 Ophlr *»
1C0 Belcher OS 400 Savage 08
ZOOChollar 04 100 Ltah •••••••••- W
100 Con Cal & Va..l SO 300 Yellow Jacket. 27
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
300 Caledonia 2r. 2C0 Union Con...... 11
40O Challenge Con. 32 27CO Yellow Jacket. 32
3C0 Challenge Con. 31 1100 Yellow Jacket. 3O
400Ophir 77I2SC0 Yellow Jacket. T>
100 Ophlr 73' 900 Yellow Jacket. 23
Afternoon Session. ?
SCO Best & Belcher 10. iOO Scorpion •••-••• J?
500 Choilar C» ! KO Sierra. Nevada. 1>
4C0 Con Cal & V...1 So! 250 Sierra Nevada. 11
100 Con Cal & V.I 82li 2C0 Silver Hill 3-}
100 Ophir ?•; 300 Union Con 11
300 Ophir "S 1 SOO Yellow Jacket. 23
300 Savage 06;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Aug. 23-4 P- m.
Bid. Ask.: Bid. Ask
Alpha — ¦ 04 1 Justice CS r,«
Alta C3 03 Kentuck — <H
Andes 03 C4 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 05 05 Mexican 12 1J
Best & Belcher 03 V> Occidental 02 03
Bullion 01 0? Ophir "S "¦*
Caledonia 25 27 Overman 0"> 10
Challenge Con. 27 r> Potosi 04 0.'.
Choilar •. 04 QGSavage 05 ,0i
Confidence 1 05 1 15' Scorpion — °*
Con Cal & Va..l SO 1 K Seg Belcher.... <Vt C2
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 13 1»
Con New York. — 01 Stiver Hill 32 33
Crown Point... 06 07 St Louis 0s —
Eureka Con 12 —Standard —3 30
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 11 13 Union Con 11 12
Hale & Norcrs. 24 2S Utah 05 n«
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 26 23
CALL CALENDAR.
August. 1301.
S. M. T. W. T. F. I S. Moon's Phases.
— ~~T~~T ft August 6.
¦**- Last Quarter.
4 5 6 7 8 JO_ August 14.
ITlTirir 15 IS « New Moon. _
__ '. -jk August n,
»8 19 20 21 22 J3^ U_ & First Quarter.
23~ ~26~ ~~zT ~2s" ~2D~ 30 31 U"^ August 2D.
" _____ \\IJ Full Moon.
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Canary, 3^
@3'/£c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%
@2Uc: Hemp, 3V£c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Miles, $1 C5 per ctl.
SITEEP— Receipts, : 17,000: firm: lambs, weak?
Good to choice wethers, $3 23®3 90; fair to
choice mixed, $3®3 35; Western sheep, $3 10@
3 90; yearllncs, S3 25@4: native lambs, $2 7o@
5 15; Western lambs, JC,75©5. ¦ -
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 22.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 2000; market slow, steady to ¦ weak.
Nutives, $3{?5 73; cows and heifers, $W'i 75;
bulls and sta«, $2@1 GO; stockers and feeders,
$264; veals. $2 25®5 S5.
- HOGS— Receipts. 7700: market 5c hit'her:
pigs, steady. Light^ and light mixed. $5 8.>@
G li; Medium and heavy. $6@6 - 2 ' 2 '• P lss> * 3 @
5 15. ¦•
SHEEP— Receipts, ' 772; market active, 5c
higher. Idaho • yearling wethers, , $3 60; lambs,
steady, ton. natives, $5. 7- • ¦., ¦
HOGS — Recefpts to-day, ' I7.C00: to-morrow,
19.OCC: left over, 3300. Market 5@lPc higher;
active; top, $6 35. Mixed and butcheis'. $5 65®
6 25: gcod to choice heavy, $3750635; rough
heavy, ?5 G0@5 70; light, %o C5@6 10; bulk of
sales. Sf, 8;<?T6 15. : »
m ?5; cows, n M®-4 25; heifers, ?2 50@5; can
ners 1 , ?1 25@2 40; bulls, $2 25@4 23; calves, $3@
5 40: Texas steers, $4@5: crass steers, $3 40®
3 75; bulls. $4@5.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST, 23, 1901i:
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
Articles— Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
September . "0% 71 70 -70%
December 7274 72% 72% 73%
May 76% 77% 76% 76%
Corn. No. 2—
{September 56% ' 56% 56 • 56%
December '¦ 69 - 59 58% 58%
May 61% 61% ¦ 60»4 '60%
Oats, No. 2—
September 35 -35 34% 35
December 36% 36% 3S% 36%
May 38% 38% ZS%- 38%
Mess Pork, per bbl — • ¦
September ...14 45 14 45 14 30 14 30
October ..14 50 14 50 14 37% 14 37%
January 15 57% 15 57% 15 43" 15 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September ..... 8 92% S 92% S SV/. S S7V4
October S 02% 9 02% 8 95" S 97%
January S 87% 8 87% 8 77V4 i S S2%
S. Ribs, per 100 lbs-
Scptember ......... S 25 8 30 8 23 S 25
October S 35 - S 40 8 32'^ 8 35
January..'... 8 00. S 02% ' 7 90 7 95
2 2
SgSg
i § : 3
an o
<t * 3
loVister
lanford
fara •--¦
! »n Jose
Mvwsido
'al^rmi
rfr.tura
lama Maria
.. 70
. «»
. 71
. 71
. 9*
,. R»
. 70
. C8
) 4S
• 54
49
53
I 45
! 4S
) S3
t 53
Foggy W
Clear Clm
Clear SW
Tt CIdy N'W
Clear s"
BriVl
s a a o » *s
» ,j£ ?:— o—
fTATiovs. i 3a?I^= ; lo ?a
f lijIP I !?
Astoria 29. S2 82 54 S Clear M
Bakrr 29.78 SS 56 XW Clear .00
r&rson 2S.84 82 46 W Clear .CD
Eureka 29.9S 60 52 S'.V Cloudy .00
Fresno 2:«.S2 SS 54 AV Clear .00
r";agrtaff 30.02 80 46 S Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho. 29. SS SS 54 SE Pt Cldy .00
{nd<?p<rndence 29.72 84 62 SE Clear * .00
Los Angeles 29. SS 7S 32 W Clear .00
Phoenix 2*. 76 im 70 N Clear .00
Portland 29.74 ?0 54 NW Clear .01
Red Bluff 29. S<i S2 56 SE Clear .00
Soffburg .• 29.78 90 52 N\V Clear .0.1
•acrsmento 2S.72 72 52 S\\* Clear .00
?alt I^ak? 29. 7S 92 62 W Clear .02
?an Francisco ...29.9S 60 52 S\V Clear .00
San Luis Obispo. 30.00 74 54 \V Clear .(rl
Ban Dff^o 2>.99 70 62 XW Clear .00
reattle 2S.SS «1 5? KW Clear .00
?pokane ....2S.8S 90 54 N Clear .01
svah b?.v 23. SS 70 <S E Clear .CO
tValla WaKa .'...25.76 95 56 N Clear .00
rvinnemucca 29.74 85 45 SW Clear .33
ruma 29.72 102 65 W -Clear .00
Articles— Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
September . "0% 71 70 -70%
December 7274 72% 72% 73%
May 76% 77% 76% 76%
Corn. No. 2—
{September 56% ' 56% 56 • 56%
December '¦ 69 - 59 58% 58%
May 61% 61% ¦ 60»4 '60%
Oats, No. 2—
September 35 -35 34% 35
December 36% 36% 3S% 36%
May 38% 38% ZS%- 38%
Mess Pork, per bbl — • ¦
September ...14 45 14 45 14 30 14 30
October ..14 50 14 50 14 37% 14 37%
January 15 57% 15 57% 15 43" 15 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September ..... 8 92% S 92% S SV/. S S7V4
October S 02% 9 02% 8 95" S 97%
January S 87% 8 87% 8 77V4 i S S2%
S. Ribs, per 100 lbs-
Scptember ......... S 25 8 30 8 23 S 25
October S 35 - S 40 8 32'^ 8 35
January..'... 8 00. S 02% ' 7 90 7 95
2 2
SgSg
i § : 3
an o
<t * 3
loVister
lanford
fara •--¦
! »n Jose
Mvwsido
'al^rmi
rfr.tura
lama Maria
.. 70
. «»
. 71
. 71
. 9*
,. R»
. 70
. C8
) 4S
• 54
49
53
I 45
! 4S
) S3
t 53
Foggy W
Clear Clm
Clear SW
Tt CIdy N'W
Clear s"
BriVl
s a a o » *s
» ,j£ ?:— o—
fTATiovs. i 3a?I^= ; lo ?a
f lijIP I !?
Astoria 29. S2 82 54 S Clear M
Bakrr 29.78 SS 56 XW Clear .00
r&rson 2S.84 82 46 W Clear .CD
Eureka 29.9S 60 52 S'.V Cloudy .00
Fresno 2:«.S2 SS 54 AV Clear .00
r";agrtaff 30.02 80 46 S Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho. 29. SS SS 54 SE Pt Cldy .00
{nd<?p<rndence 29.72 84 62 SE Clear * .00
Los Angeles 29. SS 7S 32 W Clear .00
Phoenix 2*. 76 im 70 N Clear .00
Portland 29.74 ?0 54 NW Clear .01
Red Bluff 29. S<i S2 56 SE Clear .00
Soffburg .• 29.78 90 52 N\V Clear .0.1
•acrsmento 2S.72 72 52 S\\* Clear .00
?alt I^ak? 29. 7S 92 62 W Clear .02
?an Francisco ...29.9S 60 52 S\V Clear .00
San Luis Obispo. 30.00 74 54 \V Clear .(rl
Ban Dff^o 2>.99 70 62 XW Clear .00
reattle 2S.SS «1 5? KW Clear .00
?pokane ....2S.8S 90 54 N Clear .01
svah b?.v 23. SS 70 <S E Clear .CO
tValla WaKa .'...25.76 95 56 N Clear .00
rvinnemucca 29.74 85 45 SW Clear .33
ruma 29.72 102 65 W -Clear .00
OCEAN TRAVEL.
.Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leave Broadway
jU " • Wharf. San Francisco:
\*Hl4^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
r*siSi&k every fifth day. Charge to
ItgBfCQrm. company's steam<»rfl at Seatti*.
8*V K?«i\ffa For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
1 »5^5S*I r ->. Port Townsend. Seattle.
I fgjH|r*%igR«i Tacoma. Everett. Anacort?^
1 /^*^SfKffin and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
A "S^^i n a m every flf tn fey.
Change at Seattle for . this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. RT-: at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1.30 p. m.
every fifth day.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Retfondo (Los Aa-
geles)— Stenmer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.Z
steamer Stat* of California. "Wednesdays. 9
For" Los AngeTes. calling at Santa Cm*.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harford
fSan Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Vcntnra. Hueneme, East San P*dro. San Pedro
and 'Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
For Frsenada. MaKdali»na Bay. San J"*e dM
Caho. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa?. Santa Rosa!!-*
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company »
folders.
The companv reserves the right to cnanss
steamers, ftalllnar days and hours of sailing:
without previous notlc«.
TTCTCKT nVWCV:— * New Montgomery
strwt fPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTVS * CO.. «en. Asrents.
10 Market »t.. San Francisco.
O. R.St N. CO,
Only SStOrt.xar««"V»tT» Ijlnt» *e»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And «hort Rail Lino from PontlarH ?•»
• rcfiit* Font. Through tlslcrtn ?•> »ll
pclnt^. nV ~«l* »•" '¦??"»«*i«'>in «••!¦< "ill. at
ZiO W Jijast'X 1 H.A.'X'i;S.
STEAMER TICKETS ISCLCD2 BEHTH and MS ALT.
SS. COLUMBIA
Saila Aug. 21. 31, Sept. 10. 20. 39
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Aug. 26. Sept. R, 15. 25
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW ""O^K SPTTTF * JV^OT. ro"" r "V» "A5!l
Stopping at Cherbourg, ¦westbound.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
SL Paul August ST. St. Paul Sept. M
St. Ixruis Sept. 4 St. Louis Sept. 25
Philadelphia ...Sept. 11 Philadelphia Oct. 2
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwem,
¦From New York "Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Zeeland .....August 21 Kensington ....Sept. 11
Frlesland ....August 28 Zeeland Sept. 23
Southwark Sept. 4 Frlesland ' Oct. 2
Vaderland Sept. 11
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbouni
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS "WTLI. LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling (it
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ .«: V
Wednesday. September 4. l!Wt
SS. NIPPON MARU. .Friday. September 27. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
'..-¦ .....Wednesday. October 23 Wit
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ' For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
' W. H. AVERT. General Aganfc
oceanic sjfxo. S&SSs
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only '..
Saturday. August 31. 2 p. ra.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. September 11. 10 a. m.
S. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thur«!di»Y. September 12. 10 a. m.
I O.SPSEWEIS & BROS. CO., Bsnsrai Agents, 327 Haritst St
Gen'l Passenger Cife, 643 Ilirtit St., Her do. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R, R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.-
Cabin. $103; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll »-**¦•'•« Sundav. \u£» f3
From Seawall Section No. 1.
S. S. Leelanaw «nii i , Auj*.
S. S. Arftvll «-»5"«» . Sept.
From Howard street at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA D5 VAPOR E-i
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. | Sailing from How-
ard 3. "Pier :o,,12 m.
GUATEMALA.. Sept. 3)COLOMBIA....Sept II
PALENA Sept. 5ITUCAPEL Sept. 2S
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
fral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passeneer ofnee. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
CCMPARNIE 6ENE&ALB TRANSATLANTIC
DIRKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. rnT.tr
Pailinst every Thursday. Instead of irtuQui
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 4i ~5*tf»^*
North River, foot of Morton street: L»
Bretagne. August 2fl; La Champagne. Septem-
ber 5: *La Savole. September 12; •L.'Aquitaine.
September 19. _
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. S<»^-
ond class »o Havre. $4« and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and
CANADA. 32 Broadway <Hudson bulletin?
New York. J. F. FTJOAZI & CO.. Pa r >*,
roast Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue &%$
Francisco. Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlcia^.
Arentn.
•Twin <3/«>»Ty •p T nr«««i fltfa^er*.
BAY | AND BIVEH STEAMERS
"for u;TmTy^1nd valleU.
Steamsrs GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO
9-43 a m 3:15 and S:3 ° p - In — except Sun-
dav. Sunday. 3:« a. in., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Va'llejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. *:lj p. m. Fare :+
renta. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
Bce, pier !. Mission-* t. dock. HATCH CROfcCLEVER ANTIOCH YOUNG LADY
WHO IS WINNING MEDALS AS
AN ELOCUTIONIST.
LONG BEACH, Cal., Aug. 22.— The body
of Imogene,' the younger of the two Wal
lace sisters, who were drowned near Long
Beach on August ¦*¦¦ 7, was found by a
fisherman at 6. o'clock ¦ this morning on
the beach opposite Oblspo, about two
miles west of .the scene of the tragedy.
Sea Gives Up a Child's Body.
• P. W. Ryan, the teamster who while
engaged in hauling loam to the park was
thrown : from his' wagon and injured In
ternally, died at the Central" Emergency
Hospital yesterday afternoon. The acci
dent occurred on Noe street, between Sev
enteenth and Eighteenth, and i was caused
by the failure of the brake - to hold the
wagon going down the hill at that point.
Ryan's wife, who was with him at the
time, was also injured; but not seriously.
The home of the Ryans is at 3993 Eight
eenth, street. .
Teamster Dies of. His Injuries.
LONDON, Aug. s 22.— In response to a
largely signed petition recently forwarded
to the Home Office,' asking for the release
of Earl Russell, now serving a sentence
of -••;. three months' imprisonment for
bigamy, Home Secretary Ritchie writes
that he can see no reason why he should
interfere, and that the health of the pris
oner is satisfactory.
Earl Russell Must Serve His Sentence
; ALBANY, Or., Aug. 22.— Manuel Oliver,
a resident of Menlo Park, Cal., is de
ranged here. He arrived this morning
from San Francisco and imagines i that
men are trying to rob and kill him. He is
In the custody of : Sheriff JMcHargue. A
message received from : Mrs. Oliver .¦. in
structs that he be 'well cared for. He has
about f 400 with him and was on his way
to Alsea Bay, about 100 miles west of
here, where he has a homestead.
Fears Pursuit, by Assassins.
VIENNA, Aug. 22.— The directors of the
Austro-Hungarlan Bank have decided to
begin the introduction of gold currency by
a small issue of 20 , kroner gold pieces.
The governments of the dual monarchies
have collected a sufficient reserve of gold
bullion to begin to replace paper money
by gold, j The gold will be merely experi
mental in order to accustom the public
to the circulation of geld. The present
generation in Austro-Hungary have never
seen gold circulating and it ia. feared that
the gold will be hoarded by certain classes
of the popwiation. * If, however,; the issue
proves successful, a larger one will be
made.
Austria Circulates Gold.
The picnic of -the members of, St., Jo
seph's • Parish, of .which ' Rev. - Father
Scanlan is pastor, which will be held Sep
tember 2 (Labor day) at Schuetzen Park,
will be a most successful affair if the
plans of the committees now arranging
for the outing are carried out. Many
handsome and valuable prizes have been
secured for the winners of the different
games. Costly trophies will also be given
to those who win the ¦ dancing contests
The gate prizes are the best than can be
procured.
The, following named ladies and gentle
men are serving on the different commit
tees:
Officers %t the picnic — Chairman. J. J. Dow
lfng; vice chairman, G. Bayreuther; treasurer,
P. J. Keane; secretaries, Charles Asmussen
and E. C. Curtis.
• Music and printing— Rev. Father Keane
Frank Schilling- and- Tim Tracy.
Ladles' reception committee — Mr«. John
Denny (president), Mrs. J. J. Mlley, Mrs. G.
Bayreuther, Mra. Black, Mrs. Smith, Mrs.
Silk, Miss Denny, Mrs. Enkling, Mrs. O'Con
nor and Miss Josie Molloy.
- Judgres on prize dancing— Frank . Schilling
and Mr. Murphy.
Games— T. Track (chairman), James Lawlor,
Charles Asmussen, W. E. Gantner, E. C. Cur
tis, P. O'Connor and .J. P. Maguire. -
Dancing — Floor manager, G. Bayreuther- as
sistant floor manager, P. Kelly.
Floor committee— J. J. . Miley (chairman); "W.
E. Gantner. E. Lucett, W. J. Lawlor, E.
Broderick, Thomas Sheehan, H. Thurber.
Press— Frank Schilling, C. A. Asmussen and
P. Kelly. . -. ."--... ;
ised Good Time at Schuetzen
Park.
Members of St. Joseph's Parish Prom-
COMMITTEES ARRANGE
FOR DAY OF PLEASURE
WOODLAND, Aug. 22.— The trial of the
first of the many cases commenced by
the city against business men charged
with violating the license ordinance was
concluded yesterday. The defendant asked
that the case be dismissed on the ground
that the last Legislature amended the
general law so that licenses may be levied
only for purposes of police regulation and
not for revenue.. The plaintiff showed
•that the Legislature also re-enacted the
law authorizing cities of the fifth class to
levy licenses for revenue and .' that the
Supreme Court had decided that in cases
where cities of the fifth class had a spe
cial law the general law did not operate
against It. The recorder denied the mo
tion-* to dismiss the case. After hearing
the testimony the jury returned a verdict
of guilty as charged. The case will be
appealed.
Verdict Against Merchants.
BURGLARS ENTER SALOON
ON TOWNSEND STREET
Shot Dead by Footpads.
LINCOLN, Nebr.. Aug. 22.— John J. Gil
liland, a former member of the Nebraska
Legislature and one of the most prom
inent business men of Lincoln, was shot
dead shortly after 11 o'clock to-night by
unknown men, supposed to be footpads.
His body was found on a residence stieet
within three blocks of his home. He was
shot in the breast. There were marks of
a struggle, Gilliland's coat and shirt be
ing nearly torn off him and papers from
the pockets scattered along the walk.
Killing May Cause Trouble.
TEXARKANA, Tex.. Aug. 22.— The kill
ing of an Italian railroad laborer named
Gingotti, near Ashdown. twenty miles
from here, yesterday by a party of Amer
ican laborers is likely to develop into an
international affair.
The Italian Minister at "Washington an<l
the Italian Government have been noti
fied.
Don Juan F. Forster.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22.— Don Juan F.
Forster, a member of one of the oldest
Spanish families in California and part
owner of the famous Camulos Ranch,
is dead of Bright's disease In this city.
He was a brother-in-law of ex-Stats Sen
ator R. F. del Valle and was 55 years
old. He is survived by a widow and in
fant son and leaves property valued at
$100,000.
Help Themselves to Beer and
Depart.
Rifle Cash Register and Slot Machine,
Six men climbed through the transom
over the door of C. Shea's saloon at Third
and Townsend streets Wednesday night
about 11 o'clock, pried open the cash reg
ister, removed the contents, which con
sisted of a* considerable sum, broke open
a nickel-in-the-slot machine and took the
coins and slugs that had been played in
it during the day, drank several glasses
of tfeer and then made . their escape
through a back door.
The men were seen entering the place
by Special Officer Cunningham, but he
thought discretion was the better part
of valor and did not try to stop them. A
half-hour later he informed J. Patterson,
a night engineer employed in the neigh
borhood. Patterson borrowed the special's
revolver and hunting up a piece of candle
started to investigate. He got into the
saloon by means of.- the transom, but
found the thieves had gone. The broken
register and the demolished slot machine,
the empty beer glasses and traces of a
hurriedly eaten lunch told him, however,
that the special had not been dreaming.
PURLOUGHED SOLDIER^
LOSES VALUABLE WALLET
William Ellery.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— William Ellery
died to-day. He came to California, in
1S49. He was formerly a prominent resi
dent of Humboldt County. His age waa
seventy-three years and be was born 1A
Massachusetts.
English Athletes Arrive at Boston.
BOSTON, Aug. 22.— On the . Dominion
line steamer Commonwealth, from "Liver
pool and Queenstown. which arrived to
night, were the Oxford and Cambridge
athletes, who are to compete against Har
vard and Yale in New York next month.
Miners Killed by a Fall.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Aug. 22.— George
Kline, aged 30, and John Kckstrand, aged
27. miners at the Stevens shaft of the Iron
Silver Mining - Company, were instantly*
killed by falling fifty feet to the bottom.
of the shaft.
Purse Containing 3440 Drops From
Pocket of Overcoat He Was
Carrying.
G. Gaerttner, a soldier home from Ma
nila on furlough, reported to Captain Sey
mour last night that he had dropped a
wallet containing $440 in greenbacks on
Market street' in the vicinity of Grant av
enue.
Gaerttner said that -he had the wallet
In an overcoat which he had been wearing:
all the evening. He took off the coat and,
forgetful of its valuable contents, threw
it carelessly over his arm. He walked sev
eral blocks before he thought of the wal
let.
As soon a3 he discovered his loss he hur
ried to the Hall of Justice and reported
the matter to the police. •,
Croker Is Coming Home.
LONDON. Aug. 22.— Friends of Richard
Croker who saw him to-day assert that
he Intends to sail for New York August 23.
Special Officer Prevents Robbery.
Benjamin Rower, a teamster, and James
Wilson, a painter 1 , were arrested by Spe
cial Officer Con Kelly at 2:30 o'clock yes
terday morning while attempting tp break
into a pawnshop at 213 Third street.
Kelly was standing near the pawnshop,
when he heard the crash of glass, and on
running to the store found the two 'men
crouching in the doorway. He charged
them with attempted burglary at the City
Hall. •
Dimmicji's Sail Increased.
Walter N. ' Dimmick, ex-chlef. clerk of
the Mint, appeared for arraignment at 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock on
the charge of embezzling $1338 75 of Gov
ernment money, last January. Bonds were
fixed at J1000, making the total amount of
bail $19,250 on all the charges. George D.
Collins, Dimmick's attorney, said «that his
client would be prepared to give bonds
at 10 o'clock this morning, the prelimi
nary 'examination having been set for
that time. S$KSP$9Riw
Valuable Jewelry Stolen.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Edward IS Bald
win, a Southern Pacific Company en
gineer, residing at 840 Alice street, has re
ported the loss of jewelry valued at $200
from his home. The police are tryin* to
locate the missing rroperty.-...
Coasting Cyclist Injured.
¦ J. J. Cullen, while coasting. on his bicy
cle . on Clayton street near the park yes
terday, ran into a: construction car and
received several : lacerations of the face
and scalp. .He waa thrown with consider
able force against the motorman, knock
ing that individual tp the ground with
sufficient force to cause numerous contu
sions. The injuries- of both men were
dressed at the Fourteenth-street Hospital.
Sergeant Luckhardt had been in ,the
hospital, but -this morning was assigned
to his duties and received his arms. He
snapped tho hammer of his pistol several
times, thinking it was empty. It was dis
charged, however, and the ball struck
Beavers in the head. Medical aid was
summoned at once, but the wounded man
died \g\ a few minutes. Luckhardt Is in
confinement, but will soon' be released.
BENICIA. Aug. 22.— A sad accident oc
curred at Benicia Barracks this morning,
when a revolver in the hands of Sergeant
Luckhardt of Troop F, Fifth Cavalry, was
accidentally discharged, mortally wound
ing Private Beavers, Fifth Battery, Field
Artillery.
Man's Death by Careless Use
* . of Weapon.
Soldier at Benicia Barracks Causes
KILLS HIS COMRADE
BY SNAPPING A PISTOL
The Milwaukee boy had it over the local
scrapper in blocking, and fought an ex
ceptionally pretty and game fight. He
never left hrmself open for a lucky punch
and showed himself to be a great ring
g * neral - In fact, it was his seneralohip
tnat kept him in such good shape ail
through the go, as he rested even though
Turner made every effort to rush him.
There were numerous mix-ups, and th«y
were tsf the give and take order. The
light was twenty rounds.
In the preliminary. Kid "Williams was
piven the decision over Dixie Kid at the
end of a whirlwind fight, which has not
been equaled. Williams challenged Al
Iseill to fight at 144 pounds.
THE ATTITUDE OF CHILE
ATTRACTS MUCH ATTENTION
Action Thought to Be the Result of
the Discussion Over Matters of
Arbitration.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.— The dispatch
from Santiago, Chile, announcing that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
Chamber of Deputies has refused to grant
the funds necessary for the representa
tion of Chile at the Congress of American
Republics has attracted much attention
here and is looked upon as the result of
canvasses which have been going: on
among South and Central American coun
tries concerning the programme of the
congress and the extent to which arbi
tration would be discussed. A sharp line
of difference has arisen between Chile and
most of the southern republics, the lat
ter being favorable to arbitration without
any limitation. On the other hand. Chile
has wished to have the discussion of arbi
tration limited to future questions. Al
though the subject has been involved in
numerous complications, yet there is ex
j-ipctatjon that they will be overcome and
the congress held.
Revolutionists Claim to Have De-
LIBERAL VICTORY REPORTED.
featrvi the Clerical Forces.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— Dr. A. J. Res
trepo, diplomatic agent of ¦ the Liberal
party, now attempting to take possession
of the Government in Colombia, received
a dispatch to-day from the Liberal agent
at Quito regarding the recently reported
battle between the Government or Clerical
forces at Pasto. The dispatch follows:
"QUITO, Aug. 20.— The expected battle
near Pasto was fought on Saturday, the
17th, and the Liberal General Lergloperez
and A. Roca? won a great triumph over
the Clericals."
Through his secretary. Dr. Restrepo ex
plained that Pasto. where the battle was
reported to have been fought, was in the
extreme southern part of Colombia. 2000
miles from where General Uribe-Uribe
was operating, and that it indicated suc
cessful execution of the plans of cam
paign mapped out by General Uribe-Urlbe
and forwarded to the commanding officers
of the other Liberal forces before the gen
eral left New York early in the summer.
JACKSON, Miss., Aug. 22.— Governor
T.ongino has issued a statement of the
condition of the State treasury, showing
that on August 15 he found therein by
actual counting $677,847, when the books
called for J340.46S— a shortage of $162,621.
Treasurer Stowers was, however, allowed
crtdit for bills, drafts, etc., amounting to
$55,000. leaving the shortage $107,621. The
Governor' then states:
I indulged the hope that the amount of said
shortage would be replaced if opportunity and
time were given before the result of said count
was made public, and that the State might thus
recover the money without further trouble, ex
planation or loss. I therefore, in the interest
of the State, enjoined the secrecy of those pres
ent in the whole proceedings and agreed with
Mr. Stowers that I would make another count
of the money on Tuesday. August 20. On the
date fixed I made the said count. It was then
found that the cash and drafts on hand bal
anced with the books, which called for $90o,914.
The Governor closes the statement by
saying:
The examination of the funds In the treasury
was made as required of me t>y section 137 of
the constitution and in my opinion the books
of the TreaBury show a correct statement of
the amounts which should have been in the.
Treasury on the said 15th and 20th days of Au
gust, 1901, respectively, and before doing or
saying anything; further in the premises I deem
it just to Mr. Stowers (the Treasurer) that he
be given full opportunity to make such ex
planation of the matter as he may see fit.
The publication of this report created
great excitement. Stowers declined to
make a statement.
MONTANA PUBLIC LANDS
TO BE SOLD AT AUCTION
If Satisfactory Prices Are Not Ob
tained the Property Will Be
Held by the State.
HELENA, Mont.. Aug. 22. — Montana's
auction sale of 3,000,000 acres of State land
will commence in Carbon County, of
¦which Red Lodge is the seat of govern
ment. September 18 next. Flathead
County sales will begin October 22. There
are 55,000 acres in this county. No land
will be Fold for less than $10 per acre,
and if not sold will be leased to the high-
MILLIONAIRE MINE OWNER
KILLED IN SALOON ROW
Draws Revolver to Defend His
Father-in-Law and Is Shot by
the Bartender.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Aug. 22.— Sam
Strong, the millionaire mine owner, was
shot and killed this morning by Grant
Crumley. John Neville. Strong's father
in-law, and Crumley got Into an alterca
tion. Strong, believing that his father
in-law was in danser, drew a revolver.
Crumley jumped behind the bar, grabbed
a shotgun and blew a hole through
Strong's head. He gave himself up to the
police a few minutes later. . •
Sherman Crumley, Grant's brother, was
shot In the thigh last night by William
Tromback in a Quarrel over a bet. His
wound is not dangerous.
Strong formerly owned the famous mine
at Victor which bears his name, and he
had other valuable mining properties in
the Cripple Creek district.
NOT ONLY A PEACH
BUT IT'S A BIRD TOO
Extraordinary Freak in Fruit Devel
opment Surprises the People of
Visalia. .
VISALIA, Aug. 22.— One of the greatest
freaks of fruit development ever seen in
Tulare County was brought to town to
day from the Pennebaker ranch near this
city. It is a large peach shaped exactly
like a bird. So perfectly formed Is it that
it looks like a work of art and it has cre
ated much comment.
MISS SPENCER LEAVES
SAN RAFAEL SUDDENLY
Alleged Sweetheart of Jack Winters
Departs After Sale of a
Hotel.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 22.— Considerable
Interest has been aroused here by the
Fudden disappearance of Miss Ida Spen
cer, the alleged sweetheart of Jack Wln
fprp. who has just been sentenced to fif
teen years in Folsom for robbing the
Selby vault at Crockett.
Miss Spencer and her mother had been
conducting the Cosmopolitan Hotel. They
Fold out yesterday to J. Underwood and
departed. To some they said they were
froing to live on : a ranch in Shasta
County, while to others they declared
they were going to Alaska.
Rossland Mines to Be Reopened.
SPOKANE, Aug. 22.— Developments late
last night promise a break to the big
lockout at Rossland and a resumption of
work in al! the mines.
Bernard MacDonald, manager of the Le
Roi at Rossland, has let a contract. to Al
Geiser of Baker City, Or., to produce at
least 150 tons of ore daily from the mine.
Geiser has also secured a contract for
$132,000 worth of work to be done around
the smelter at Northport. The job in
cludes the production of 300 tons nt lime
rock daily. That tonnage is enough to
keep the five furnaces busy on ore.. It is
presumed that the . management expects
to 'work the smelter at its full capacity.
Two Workmen Who Were Thought to
FIRE IN O1X REFINERY
CAUSES HEAVY DAMAGE
Have Lost Their Lives Are Re
ported Safe. .
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 22.-The fire,
which started at the works of the At
lantic Refining Company at Point Breeze
burned Itself out to-day. Vice President
Lloyd of the company estimates the loss
at about $500,000. Fourteen tanks contain
ing about 200,000 barrels of oil were de
stroyed. One pumping station and thou
sands of feet of pipe were rendered use
lees, but the most important machinery is
Intact.
The two employes of the company said
to have lost their lives in the explosion
early Tuesday morning are safe. This
reduces the death list to three firemen.
Placed in Irons at Sea.
SEATTLE. Aug. 22.— Philip Joseph Cul
lln, who says that he Is an escaped luna
tic from Napa, Cal., arrived here this
morning on the steamship Walla Walla.
He was in Irons. Cullin says he is affect
ed with streaks of temporary insanity,
and while in such a condition was com
mitted to the asylum. He escaped and
went to San Francisco, where he shipped
on the Walla Walla. At sea he became
insane again and was placed in Irons.,
CHABGE THE TTJBKS WITH
IX>OTING AHT> MUEDEBING
Beports Beach Paris That Several Ar
menian Villages Have Been
Wiped Out.
PARIS. Aug. 23.— A pro-Armenian sheet
issued in Paris asserts- that the Turks
have been looting and murdering in the
Sassoun district since the beginning of
July and that several Armenian villages
have been wiped out. •
Not Going to New York Central.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— President New
man of the New York Central Railroad
denied to-day a report that President
Charles M. Hays of the Southern Paciijc
Railroad would become president and gen
eral r^anager of the New York Central.
Newman said that there' was no . founda
tion for the report in. any sense, and that
Hays was not coming to the New York
Central in any capacity.
Transport Ingalls Sails.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The "United
States transport Ingalls* which returned
to port last week with leaky cargo ports,
sailed again to-day for /Manila. It Is
said that all her cargo hlis been removed
and the stores which shfe carried will be
shipped -to Manila by a merchant vessel.
Sued for Breach of Promise.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— James A. Fleming,
reputed to be a wealths* mine owner of
Phoenix, Ariz., has been* sued for $50,000
damages by Miss Jessie M. .Graham,, who
alleges that Fleming prbmised to marry
her in 1890, and has failed to do so. Miss
Graham formerly lived at Butte, Mont, i ' ,-
Nominated for (Congress.
STANDISH, „ Mich. , '. Aug. 22.— The i Re
publican Congressional Committee of the
Tenth District nominated H. H. Applin
to fill the vacancy caused by the death
6f Congressman H. O. Crump. The nomi
nation is considered equivalent to an elec
tion, i '..'•'.-...
Serious Floods in China.
LONDON, Aug. 23.— "There has been a
serious breach in both banks of the Yel
low River in the province of Bhantung,"
eays the -Shanghai correspondent of the
Standard, "and the floods have destroyed
an immense amount of property."
Steel* Companies Will Consolidate.
LONDON, Aug. 22.— Meetings of the
Harvey Steel Company of Great Britain
and the Harvey Continental Steel . Com
pany to-day agreed to the sale of the com
panies to the. Harvey United Steel Com
pany. It la understood that a New Jer
sey company is actively interested in the
consolidation.'
The chattel mortgage was given to
Davis two years ago by Mrs. Appel in or
der to secure the loan of^JlOaO. Several
weeks ago Mrs. Appel became so s«r
iously ill that she was forced to take to
her bed. She was not able to buy the
necessaries of life and she depended some
what on the charity of neighbors. These
friends heard of her plight with the
money lender and in an endeavor to save
some of her furniture secreted some it
on their own premises.
Davis learned of these movements.yes
terday and made hurried arrangements
to thwart them. At 5 o'clock this morn
ing he appeared in front of the Appel res
idence with three express wagons and
six men. Entrance was gained to the
house without much trouble and the work
of removing- the furniture began. Piece
after piece was taken from the rooms un
til they were bare. The three express
wagons were packed high and tight with
bedsteads, chiffor.iers, lounges, chairs
and bric-a-brac. As soon as the house
was cleared the wagons were driven off
to a warehouse, where the furniture was
stored. Mra. Appel was left only the bed
on which she was lying. She bewailed the
loss of her things, but the workmen paid
no attention to her lamentations.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 22.— To protect a chat
tel mortgage which he held against Mrs.
Mary Appel of 679 Central avenue, M. F.
Davis, an Oakland hack driver and money
lender, came to Alameda at 5. o'clock this
morning and stripped her house of every
stick of furniture. Mrs. Appel, who is 75
years old and a well-known character,
is said to be at the point of death.
STRIPS HOUSE
AT EARLY HOUR
Warnings were sent out by the local
weather bureau to West Point, Columbus
and-Eufala, Ala., that there la danger of a
sudden rise In the Chattahoochie.
ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 22.— Atlanta and
nearly all of North Georgia has been del
uged with rain the past two days. In At
lanta alone the rainfall in the twenty-four
hours ending at 7 o'clock to-night was 3.66.
In this city the traffic on one of two rail
way lines was suspended by washouts in
the suburbs. Considerable damage was
done by the flooding of excavations In a
great many places where building: opera
tions will be delayed some time.
Near Marietta the rainfall was ths
heaviest in years.
Heavy Rains Falling in Georgia,
HEAVY SHORTAGE .
IN STATE FUNDS
entered the contest in Contra
Costa for a silver medal, given by the
publishers of Demorest's Magazine for
the • best elocutionist in each locality
throughout the different counties. Again,
in November, the Woman's Christian
ANTIOCH. Aug. 22.— Miss • Edythe
Wall has achieved another suc
cess as an elocutionist. During
the early part of last year she
The following .pensions were granted:
Oregon — Increase — William Bradshaw.
Lake Creek. $3; John P. Young, Woir
Creek. $10; George J. Quimby, Island City,
$8; John Scollard. Champoeg, $S. Califor
nia: Original— William Parsons, Santa
Clara. $S.
The sallinsr of the steamer Hiroshima
Maru from Seattle, "Wash., September 10,
with mails for China and Japan is can
celed.
Of Interest to People ©f the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— Postofflce
discontinued: Oregon — Clifford, Baker
County, mail to Sumpter. Postmasters
commissioned: California— Cyru3 F. State,
Hedges; Pauline Haug. Pope •"Valley;
Oregon — James M. » Scubblefield. Monu
ment. Postmaster appointed: California
— J. E. Martin. Esparto, Yolo County, vice
J. E. Z. Fowle, resigned.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 22.— Melville
Nevins. a young ranche- of Rialto, was
killed Tuesday night by falling from a
high cliff near Bo-. L a Falls, in Ly tie Creek
Canyon, twenty miles from this city. He
fell a distance of fifty feet, and when
found by friends he was dead. His neck
and many of '-he tones in his body were
broken.
Young Nevins was camping in Lytle
Creek Canyon with Elmer Brua. r. friend.
Nevins left camp in "the afternoon, in
tending to spend a short time hunting. It
is presumed he wanc2red up toward the
Bonita Falls, where he met his death. He
was subject to epileptic fits, and r is pre
sumed that it wr.s during one of those
periodical srells that he lost his oalance
and fell from the precipice.
Nevins was well known here. He was 20
years old and was a prosperous farmer.
His Neck Broken in a
Gulch.
Young Rancher of Rialto Found With
FALLS TO HIS DEATH
FROM A PRECIPICE
Temperance Union of California took up
the contest and offered a gold medal, only
holders of silver medals being eligible.
At the exercises, conducted at Crockett,
Miss Wall was unanimously chosen by the
judges to wear the beautiful badge.
The Woman's 1 Christian j Temperance
Union arranged another meeting, those
eligible being holders of gold and silver
medals. This contest was for "the
grand gold medal." Miss Wall gained the
verdict of the judges again by reciting
"Nell" in a manner that will not be soon
forgotten by her hearers.
Mrs. Sturtevant Peet, president of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union of
California, made the presentation speech.
All the participants were highly praised
for tlieir excellent work, but none could
excel Antioch'3 gifted girl.
QUEENAN AND TURNER
FIGHT TO A STANDSTILL
Referee Phil Wand Satisfied the Spec
ulators by Calling the Battle
a Draw.
STOCKTON, Aug. 22.— Perry Queenan
of Milwaukee and Rufe Turner of this
city fought each other to a standstill to
night before the Stockton Athletic Club,
and Referee Phil Wand rightly called it
a draw. Queenan landed the most, but
Turner Inflicted the greater punishment,
and at no time did either have such a
lead that they could have claimed much
of an advantage. It was without doubt
the best fight ever held in this city, as
both men were in action from the time
the gong sounded for the first round till
it ended the fieht.
Commissioners have not yet sisrned the
protocol. Prince Ching, president of the
Foreign Office, telegraphed to the Em
peror, resquestlng an edict empowering
iiikn to sign, but no reply was received. He
telegraphed again to-day in stronger
terms and says he expects a speedy an
swer.
Li Hung Chang has had & serious attack
of sickness, the result of overexertlon. Ho
is better to-day.
Emperor Does Not Reply to a Request
Authorizing Prince Ching to
Indorse It.
PEKING, Aug. 22.— The Chinese Peace
CHINESE PROTOCOL HAS
NOT YET BEEN SIGNED
This morning while continuing his work
the drill was blown from his hand. He
then lighted a match and stooped down to
see what was wrong. In an 'instant
flames- shot upward, scorching his face
and clothing. He hurried out of the well
aided by several others, and later suc
ceeded in extinguishing the names.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 22.— A well digger
named "William Trainor was nearly blown
out of a fifty-foot well near Tomales this
miming by an explosion of natural gas.
Trainor had been working for some time
for Patrick Mulvaney .on the Griffin
ranch at Tomales, digging a well. Water
failed to put in an appearance and Trainor
drilled a deep hole in the sandstone at
the bottom of the well.
Workman NearTomales Seeks Expla-
nation With Lighted Match
and Narrowly Escapes.
GAS NEARLY BLOWS
HIM OUT OF A WELL
People who knew him found that every
second Friday afternoon he left Walla
Walla by a circuitous and lonely route
for the Touchet hills, wjiere his fortune
was burled. Following his death efforts
were made to locate his cache and these
will now be resumed.
TACOMA, ' Aug. 22.-Several Walla
Walla men are renewing the search for a
fortune in gold and silver coin left buried
in the hills along the Touchet River by
James Dwyer, who died in a hospital at
Walla Walla about ten years ago. Dwver
firs-t appeared in Walla Walla about 1S70
from the Touchet Valley, where he had a
fine farm. He lived the life of a hermit
miser. He dressed poorly and refused re
peatedly to go to a hospital for treatment,
claiming that he had no money. Never
theless, he always carried at least $20 with
him. .
Find Treasure Left by James
Dwyer.
Walla Walla Men Ranew Efforts to
SEARCHING FOR GOLD
OF A DECEASED MISER
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 22.— The Press-
Post printers refused to-day to "set" news
furnished by a local news bureau and the
paper appeared this evening filled with
miscellany. The news department of tha
paper having been abolished, the News
Writers' Union has declared a lockout and
to-night the printers decided that here
after they will set nothing but editorials
and advertisements until the trouble be
tween the proprietor and the News Writ
ers' Union is settled.
The action of the printers is approved
by the local Typographical Union.
and Advertisements Until the
Trouble Is Settled.
Refuse to Set Anything- but Editorials
COLUMBUS PRINTERS STAND
BY NEWS WRITERS' UNION
According to the story of Grade, Ichlo
won her affections while he was bossing
a crew of Japanese on her father's vine
yard last year. Ichio is a fine looking and
well educated Japanese.
Mr. Green says that his daughter has
been gone from home since the latter part
of May. Shortly before that time she had
graduated from the school at Clovis. Mr.
Green and hjs daughter quarreled about
this time, the lather objecting to certain
company which she was keeping. Her
parents arose one morning to find her
gone from home.- a note left behind stat
ing that she had started to visit an aunt
in Illinois.
FRBSXO, Aug. 22.— A case of strangely
placed affection came to light in Hanford
on Monday, which resulted in landing ,W.
S. Ichio. a Japanese, in the Fresno County
Jail, charged with abducting Grade
Green, a 16-year-old American girl. Under
Sheriff Nelson of this city received a tele
gram from Constable Bernstein of Han
ford Wednesday stating that he had dis
covered a young white girl living in a
lodging-house there with a Japanese and
that he had placed b'oth of them under
arrest for vagrancy. Upon being arrest
ed and taken to jail the , girl broke down
and told the officers her name, saying
that she was the daughter of T. W.
Green, who owned a vineyard two miles
from Clovis. Nelson telephoned to Con
stable Clifford at Clovis. and Clifford
came to town immediately with the girl's
father.
Cell in the Fresno County
Jail.
Swarthy Lochinvar Now Occupies a
VINEYARDISTVS DAUGHTER
ELOPES WITH JAPANESE
The paper adds, under the
above, that the Czar during his
stay in France will receive Kru
ger in private audience and ob
tain from him a direct statement
of the Boer position with a view
of formulating a plan for action.
"It is currently reported in
Russian circles that the Czar has
decided to broach South African
intervention to Emperor William
and President Loubet. He con
siders the time opportune for
friendly mediation."
BRUSSELS, Aug. 22.— The
Independence to-day prints a
dispatch from Copenhagen which
says :
Desires to Know the Exact Position
of the Burghers in Order to
Formulate a Plan
of Action.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22.— The strag
gle in securing a suitable right of way
between the Oregon Short Line and tha
San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railway has been shifted from Nevada
to San Bernardino County. It Is not im
probable that there will be another fight
for rights of way.
To-day Chief Engineer Henry Hawgood
of the Salt Lake road sent rush orders to
his corps of surveyors in Cajon Pass to
proceed immediately to a point this side
of Barstow to head off a party of engi
neers in the employ of the opposition
forces. The Clark people left hurriedly
in the afternoon with a week's provisions
The fact that the Oregon Short Line
had surveyors in Southern California was
not generally known until Tuesday morn
ing, when the information reached Salt
Lake headquarters in this city that a
well equipped party was- en route to the
vicinity of Barstow.
Special TMspatch to The Call. ' 1
Intends Receiving President
Kruger to Obtain Direct
Statement From Him.
It is common talk in political circles
that the Republicans will win out hand
somely if they put forward a good, clean,
antj-boss ticket. The sentiment of throw-
Ing overboard all the dead weight of boss
ism is daily growing stronger. Renewed
activity is noted at the headquarters of
the Republican Primary League, 930 Mar
ket street.
The arduous' work of preparing his
great speech to the convention is begin
ning to tell on Martin Kelly. Moreover,
the boss is distracted by reports of de
fections in the Twenty-ninth District del
egation. If these distractions continue
Kelly may not be able to smooth out and
polish off his oration before the conven
tion assembles. Herrin and Lynch, who
are envious of Kelly's growing prestige
in the kingdom of bosshood, would. like
to see him flounder and fail. The round
ers of the Twenty-eighth, however, are
with Kelly heart and soul and will stand
by him to the finish of the peroration.
Lucius D." Solomon is mentioned as a
probable candidate for the honor of pre
siding over the convention. His friends
say that to his general qualifications of
capability and impartiality may be added
sobriety.
There is a good crop of candidates for
Public Administrator. The field embraces
ex-Senator Thomas C. Maher, John Farn
ham, Julius Godeau and Henry Stern.
The last named has switched from Su
pervisor to Public Administrator. "Wher
ever he goes "Jake" Shaen will go with
him. It is understood that both Farn
ham and Godeau joined the forces op
posed to the Republican Primary League
and are now soliciting anti-boss support.
Colonel Thomas O'Neill of the First
California Regiment is a candidate for
the nomination for Recorder. Al Berthier
has been slated for this office by Martin
Kelly. For County, Clerk A. B. Mahoney
is Frank French's candidate.
Candidates in the Field.
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District del
egation (anti-boss) will meet at Saratoga
Hall every Tuesday night to consider top
ics concerning the convention and listen
to suggestions relating to candidates.
Dr. Charles Boxton. a member of the
present Board of Supervisors, would be
pleased to accept renomination from the
Republican convention. Many . of his
friends claim that he is entitled to a bet
ter office than that of Supervisor and in
dicate that the ofllce of Auditor or Tax
Collector should be given him. Other
names mentioned for the Board of Super
visors are: Ed Bent, Thirty-third Dis
trict; W. E. Lane, plumber, Forty-third;
Frederick Jones, bookbinder, Forty
fourth; ex-Assemblyman' George Brown,
Forty-nfth: ex-State. Senator F. W. Bur
nett, Thirty-fourth; Maxwell McNutt, M.
Brandt and- John F. Ahem.
The Forty-first Assembly District dele
gation to the Republican municipal con
vention met last evening at 1922 Broad
way and organized by the election of Col
onel J. C. Currier, chairman, and Lester
Burnett, secretary. Twenty-four dele
gates were present and four absent. The
full anti-boss strength of the delegation
was represented by those attending. The
Forty-first decided to join other anti-boss
delegations in the appointment of a con
ference committee.
Republican Activity.
Eugene E. Schmltz, whose nomination
for Mayor by the Labor party conven
tion seems probable, is president of the
Musicians' Union and a director of the
Republican Primary League. He is a
Native Son of the Golden West, belonging
to Niantic Parlor, and is a 'resident of the
Forty-first Assembly District. He is a
man of pleasing personality. His ad
herents assert that he is affable, dignified
and conservative. He is taller and more
distinguished in appearance than Super
intendent Webster. Statements conflict
regarding the authority of the committee
representing twenty-five trades unions to
offer the Labor party's nomination to Mr.
Schmitz. Mr. Less is quoted as assert
ing that no such authority was given by
the executive committee of the council.
One of the delegates who waited on Mr.
Schmitz contends that the authority was
given. The question at issue will be set
tled by the Labor party convention at
Metropolitan Temple on September 5.
Energetic but quiet work in the interest
of Reginald H. Webster for Mayor is
noted by politicians in the Republican
camp. Mr. Webster is Superintendent of
Schools. In the event of his election to
the office of Mayor he would tender his
resignation as Superintendent. The no
tion of resigning to accept the nomination
for the Mayoralty is not entertained by
Mr. Webster. •
It is understood that the Pennsylvania
will make no agreement to handle Gould
freight from Pittsburg to the seaboard
unless Gould will agree to abandon abso
lutely the project for a new railroad
across Pennsylvania to Philadelphia. <*
In the meantime arrangements are being
perfected for a number of feeders which
will draw together at Pittsburg over the
Wabash a heavy freight traffic. The Big
Four has agreed to let Wabash trains use
its rails between Wellington, Ohio, and
Cleveland under a ninety-nine-year agree
ment.
The control of the Norfolk and Western
will be used by George F. Gould to fur
ther the' interests of his railroad system.
If the Pennsylvania Railroad will with
draw opposition to the Wabash in Pitts
burg and agree not to thwart Gould In his
effort to get an Atlantic seaboard outlet,
the recently acquired interest in the Nor
folk and Western will be surrendered at a
price which is fair. It is believed that
President Cassatt of the Pennsylvania
Railroad will decline to make any com
promise with the Gould party which
would/be disadvantageous to the Pennsyl
vania.'
The Gould interests, it is asserted, now
hold an actual majority of the capital
stock of the. Norfolk and Western. It is
believed that the Pennsylvania interesUis
about $10,000,000 out of the $23,000,000 pre
ferred stock and $13,000,000 out of the ?66,
000,000 common stock.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 22.— The North
American . to-morrow will say: The con
trol of the Norfolk and Western Railroad
has passed out of the hands of the Penn
sylvania Railroad and is finally • in the
grasp of the Gould interests.
Negotiation has been begun between the
Rocky Mountain Telephone Company and
the Northwestern Company whereby the
former will build at once from Its present
eastern terminus at Billings to Miles City,
Mont., while the Northwestern Company
will build west from its Xorth Dakota
terminus to Miles City, thus forming a
possible circuit (via New York, Chicago,
St. Paul. Helena and Portland) from Bos
ton t>* San Francisco and Los Angeles.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.-The Telegraph
says: "Within the next few months New
Vorkers may be able to telephone their
friends In San ; Francisco without relays.
By an agreement reached at Helena,
Mont., Atlantic and Pacific Ocean towns
are to be connected by telephone as soon
as certain preliminary details have been
completed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will-Use It to Force With
drawal of Opposition to
the Wabash. . .'
Clark's Forces Rushed to
Barstow to Hold the
Ground.
Anti-Boss Delegations Are
Organizing Forces for '
Convention.
Connecting Lines to Be Con
structed in Montana.
Without Delay.
Will Broach the Subject
to Both G-ermany
and France.
Acquires- Control < of
Norfolk and Western
Railroad.
R. H. Webster in , the
Field as a Candidate
for Mayor.
Renewed.
n . , , -> , : >_. '..-V.
Fight Between Short
Line and Salt Lake
Circuit to Be Established
From San Francisco
to New York.
RAILWAY MEN
MAY BATTLE
GOULD SECURES
ANOTHER LINE
CZAR MAY
INTERVENE
FOR BOERS
TO TELEPHONE
ACROSS UNION
OFFICE SEEKERS
ARE DILIGENT
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1901.
Capturing the Grand y Gold Medal Offered
by Womari ? s Christian Temperance Union
Miss Edythe Wall Adds to Her Laurels by
ANTIOCH GIRL WINNING
FAME AS ELOCUTIONIST
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1901.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALX. -
fSCKIXESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
C«n. «wrer of Market and Third streets; open
or til 12 o'clock every nlcht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; op<rn until 3:30 p. m.
S«J J la yes' Etreet: open untH.9:3» p. m.
f23 McAllister etreet; open until 5:30 p. m.
US Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. . m.
IMl 'MSssSon street: open until 10 p. in. •
?2€1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
cnill » p. rt.
>05 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. tn. - •
3C?« Valencia rtreet: open until 9 p. an. .
Northwest corner Twenty-second *nd Ken-
tucky ytreets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open tmtll 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. ' K.
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY* /CSg^k
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer K^SfM
Hall. 14 Fourth Kt. \i*£se>j2sr
H. H. CASTLE, >£W&r
Record Keeper. "¦
SPECIAL MEETING. " .
A special meeting of the members of the
Builders' Exchange will be held on FRIDAY.
August 30. 1S01. at 1 o'clock p\m., for the
purpose of discussing the strike which is now
rffectlng the building trades very seriously.
By order of S. H. KENT. President.
JA6. A. WILSON, Secretary.
A GRAND mass meeting will b« held on SUN-
DAY. August 25. in front of the new City
Hall on Market st.. to discuss the Issue be-
tween capital and labor. DR. C. C. O'DON-
NXLl. and other eminent speakers will ad-
dre*s the meeting. Come one, come all.
THE nnnucl meeting of the stockholders of th<
Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777 Ml<<-
Flon et.. San Francisco. Cal.. on FRIDAY.
August K. 1SC1. at 8 o'clock p. m.. for the
election of directors for the ensuing term,
snd also to consider an amendment to the by-
laws reducing the number of directors from 9
to 7. and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close Tuesday. August 20. at 4
o'clock p. m. By onW o' the board of di-
rectory &L C. GORHAM. Secretary.
MERCEDES Oil & Devek>pment Co.. San Fran-
'•isco. Cat.— A special meeting of the stock-
holders cf this company will be held at the
office of the president. -406 Setter St. on Fri-
dgT. Aug. T3. 1901. at K o'clock p. m. -By
order of the board of directors.
J. C. F. EDWARDS. Secretary.
AGENTS. WASTED.
AGENTS~lnake'$20(r'per"montb selling our nov-
elty machines; on anpjleation will send cut
and price?. Foote Mfg Co.. Los Angeles. Cal.
ASPHALITOf ROOFIXC.
3. PELTIER, asphalt Toefir-s. sidewalks re-
r«»^: postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1697
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;fllvcrces private bankruptcy; col-
lections :attachnVEts: mortgages; bills of sal«;
r*rtnerrhirs:o>»de: wills <3rawn;fees lcw;open
eve's. THURSTOX, 100SH4 Mkt.. r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
ri fee without success; collections. G. W.
KOWE. atty at Jaw, S30 Kaxket. cor. Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Paxrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. VV.
W. DAVIDSON. 9!7 Mariret rt.. opp. Mason.
I,. S. CLAJJK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Vet «=t. ; onnsultatlon free: no fees In advance.
ROOKS — NEW AND OLD.
POOKF of "very kind bought. Tel. Red 295fi.
BOLMFS BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mis«ion St.
noARnr.M; for rrniLDREN. *
2 OR 3 children to board; good home * moth-
«t'i= cai»: t1« «n: jmroiy ysM. 3607 California.
BUREAU IRCXK^.
ASK to see LTmdbeek"s improved drawer
trunk: st all dealers or factnry. S26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— MOO: CORNER grocery and bar with liv-
ing rooms; doing a splendid business: located
in the Mission. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Krny.
A— J3."0; DELTCACY stor<# ar.d branch bakery
with 3 furnished roome; rent %1S; location
first-class: ovner accepted State position.
Call on R. G. WILKIE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— r70C; CORNER grocery and bar with 2 liv-
ing rooms on O'Farrell st.: rent $25: good
business; owner to leave city. R. G. WILKE,
2C^ Kearny rt. .
A— $450: RESTATTRA'VT and coffee saloon: 2
blocks from comer Market ana Stockton sts. :
rent $30; must sell at once; owner to leave
for Manila. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— ItPO; FHGOTING gallery, dclng a good busl-
ness; net profits at least S100 per month: rent
S45: come, see and satisfy yourself. R. G.
WILKE. 2P,6 Kearny gt. ¦
A— Jl^V-O; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant; one
block south of Market Et. : daily reonipts from
J90 up; clearing about S400 ner month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WIL.ICE. 26^ Eearny St.
A.— $ir*0: FIP.PT-CLAPS In prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle bulld-
jn;r: come. Investigate and you will find a
pplerflid investment. Call R. G. WILKE.
T6V, Kearny rt.
1300 — PARTNER wanted: light business; must
be steady, reliable mats: satisfied with $18
to f25 a week; no eacperience required ; trial
{riven before buying. 25 Geary St.. room 1.
TIGAR stand In cne of the best locations In
the city: will invoice stock if sold to-day.
Apply CHAS. MATTHEAS & CO.. 1430 Mar-
ket st.
1250 — PARTNER wanted: «m»at chance in a.
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
CO MONTHLY salary and an Independent for-
tune for reliable man who can Invest $2500
Immediately: no oil. mining, gambling, stock
or real estate speculation, but an absolutely
rafe and practical business proposition. Box
<3i3. Cail office.
IVANI/ED— An honest and Bober partner with
SSCCO in on optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
rponfi'ng. etc.: cash receipts about $1500 to
*20OO per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071^ Mar-
ket rt., San Francisco.
FOR sale — At invoice price, the merchandise
etore of CNOPrUS & CO.. Santa Rosa, with
Its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
et Healdsburg. as a whole or each store sep-
arate: disagreement among partners the cause
of felling. Fcr particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa.
n-OTICE TO ACTIVE ITEN-Agents wanted at
once in all parts of California. Washington
p.nrt Oregon to handle a large body of cheap
land; quick action: good commission. For
full particulars address box 4764. Call office.
rOR sale — Dlacksmithing business, at Invoice-
good paying business in one -of the best
towns In the State; owner compelled to look
after other lnterertfj. Bog 4349. Call office.
eiTTER and ege route for sale: paying SIM)
per month over expenses; a snap for man with
.gffocg 1 ™ SSriffg? 1 c " ae - GAMMILL
rO lease— A 43-room lodging-house In Marys-
vtJe; a pavins- business at present: nice loca-
tlon. F. S. CARR, box 63. Redding, Cal.
K GOOD insMe route on this paper for sale-
fie downtown location. Call at this offi^
i<*r particulars.
•K*: RESTAT7RAXT and oyster house; must
»»-!I: golr.g East; central. Bex 4868, Call.
COC— OPTICAL business; fine location- advan-
tageous for physician. Box 495L Call office.
riXE speculation: 23-room house; I block north
of Market; only $300. Box 49SL Call office.
hoR fale— A trod raying restaurant. Apply
210 Townsend B t.. bet. Third and Fourth.
TOR fa!» — <0-can milk route and depot; -wag-on-
2 horses. Box <?23. CaU office.
(NAP— HcstPurar.t; v.-ater front: new range;
rur.n'.ng f>rd»r: rent S15 mo. 8 Washington et.
ST'N te. locksr^ith business & buildings for sale.
j-M-r**-" f=. TV O»!l Apent. Kanta Cruz. Cal.
IyODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.,.
CO ROOMING houses,- from 2 to 600 rooms
Zi rooms: on Mcj-ket st '«300
3fl rooms; north of Market st <-,0
<t room*: clears every month $300... '"' 1600
S rooms; ttat near City Hall " 425
Y> rooms; fin* corner; clears $S0 *" C5f>
9 rooir.s: good iilano; must sell * 525
3G rooms; c.-f flees: clears $80 1400
1i rooms; SIM cash, balanc- payments \ 400
IS rooms: hole-! ar.O bar..... „ • 1500
:S rooms; on Hixih tt.; clears JSO ..] 900
"4 rooms; on Market: clears $150 1000
:S rooms: corner: just like home 3500
~>Q rooms; on yiasau «*.; new 750
Z2 rooms: offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; JCOO'cash, balance payments.... 1250
I Bell an<I exchange all kinds of property
H. C. DKCKER. 1C3) Market: tel. Mint 7&
t. CAA1EHCX A: CO.. i - . \ J
*£0 Marktt Et. and S Stockton st..
Rooms ?L 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
:f you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to rell !!n with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes snd prices. See list of barga:nrf
C r. : rt-nt SS50: ccr.; fine loc.' &. trana..$40O0
<* r. ; rent 1173; cor. : pood loc. fur., carp 5000
E4 r.; rtr.i J?.O; cor.; nne board 3500
y> r.; rent Slli: cor.: clears $100 1600
Money JoaaM en deferred payments, 1% p. c*
5 3 r.; rent $6*: cor. Van Ness; boarders.. 1200
10 r. :-reut-J2S: lur.; piano: must Bell.... KM
3 lo 12 »-n-!s. flats: elegant: $1S© to 1500
Over £00 houses listed. Call before buying;
fINETON & WOLF. J02C Market rt. - .-".- -.¦
32 rooms; rrnt S43; reduced to .....11250
T7 roome: corner; rent 575 1590
Its roonir: g money-maker: see It. J
C r<x.rr.£; jrio£«err.j Just listed.
LODGING nOCSES FOR SAL.E — Con.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rir. Call bldg.
See these samples from big list at my office:
60- room hotel; clears $375 a month $6500
8 rooms; rent J25; clears $25 each month 325
• 22 rooms: crowded with nice families;'
almost no work;- only $60 rent 1400
14 rms.: rent $45; income $S2 from 6 rms.
CO rms.: cor. apartment house; clears $H5 2500
I 44 rms.; sunny; quiet; f urn. ."carpets Al:
rent only $120: house clears $150 month 3000
1 J1100— 15 ROOMS: Ellis: close in. ~~
I $5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
J650— 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$600— 6-rocm flat; grand furniture: rent $25.
$1100—17 rooms; money-maker: rent $55.
J650 — 8 rooms; now being furnished. \
$2500—70 rooms: Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
'. INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market st.
ATTENTION buyers— Come in and see our list
of flne-paytng lodging-houses for sale or ex-
> change before buying:
' 45 rooms; rent $125 ""," J23 x2
10 rooms; only *°0
17 rooms; $300 cash, balance payments 1100
14 rooms ••••• f 5 ")
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market cor. Ellis, r. 12.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-house In
the city and pay for It
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1592.
7; R $10,000 37 R $5500 24 R.....$lR00
CO R 3.000 37 R 1S00 19 R 1400
I 30 R 1.0«) 16 R..... B50 12 R 450
I 10 R 300 9 R.:... 300 6 R..... 300
1 IT will pay you to call at our office for lodg-
i ing-houses, saloons, restaurants, grocery
I stores, candy stores, etc. McBRIDE & CO..
1016 Market st..- opposite Fifth. .
' THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
nnd hotel? can b<» found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. P17 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
BARGAIN— Six rooms, bath ; 3 rooms rented.
226 Taylor st^ '
$100— A LODGING-HOUSE of S rooms for sale.
1620 Polk st.: call afternoons.
SPIRITUALISM.
FREE tests to ladles every morning the bal-
ance of this month, every Wednesday and
Fridav afternoon and evening; no circles
held; all tests private; no money accepted fnr
tests; palmistry, clairvoyance and mediumls-
tlc talents developed In others under writ-
ten guarantee in 90 days or no charge: It
costs not one cent to test mv abllltv and
your talents; call to-day. FRANKLIN. 3G3
Geary st. • < ;
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. S p. m.. r.Oc: you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names: received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 1CS4 Bush St.: tel. 2275 Larkin st.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium anfi
life reader: mining a specialty; cir. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st. (no sign).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
I life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
I letter. ?2. 1164 O'Farrell St. ; Ellis car.
I CHAS. BROCKTVAY. 25c seance Sun., Tues.
i and Thurs.. 8 p.m.; every one gets a test: prl-
! vate readings dally. 299 Hyde st. cor. Eddy
i H THOMPSON, slate writer: Fittings daily, $1.
603 .California st.; phone Main 315.
EGYPTIAN Moustafa, materializing seance,
j 50c: to-night. S p. m. 1610 Bush, nr. Franklin.
i JOHN SLATER circle. 25c to-night 8:15; sit-
i tings 10 to 4. 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich.
; CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
Ist- ajid card reading; 50c. 1007»4 Market st.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Fri..
i 8 p.m.: Wed.. 2:30 p. m.: 10c: read, daily. 50c.
; EDWARD EARLE. S2S Ellis-Readings daily:
; peance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
; Mpver: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
I CLAIRVOYANTS.
1 .. ¦ - . L _ -
'•¦ MME M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
¦ Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
' reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past.' reveals the present hap-
¦¦ penings and portrays events' to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, -un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
I medium and you will be told how to overcome
.' then?. Valuable advice in all affairs of life:
25c up: perfect satisfaction sruaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. th<» well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket 6t.. corner Golden Gate ave.; rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mailf send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
\ A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful c'alrvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds -when ethers fail: permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures: gives luck: honest pre-
dictions In love affairs: reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
• MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
dlaamcses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents SI: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
j KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
I oerlcal palmist, reader human destiny; never
| falls; 25c and 50c: by mall. 50c. 1253 Mission.
} ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
1 palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader.
German Fpoken:25c up. 777'AMarket St., room IS
I Mrs.Mallory.cinirvoyant card reader: when oth-
j ers fall consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 153S Market.
i M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
j sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.; SOc. 326A Ellis.
! MME. T-IDIE LINT> MAY. psychic and pclen-
I tiflc palmist: ladies SOc. gents $1. 128 Turk.
i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
j palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
I MME. SCHAFFFR. clairvoyant, card reader;
I sittings daily. 44S% Jessie St.. bet. Kth and 6th.
J MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names eiven: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
i L ¦ .
j CAnPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
'. WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carnet-beat-
lng Works. S53-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
! CARPETS benten or. laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
j PARRY. 1S1H6 Market gt.: phone t Mint 1035.
j ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
j tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
j RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
I reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Mission 2CS.
• CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
I 233 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
I CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works; G. H.
j STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
i J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
j rating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
j BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, werts; pain-
j less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
' PROF.Strassburper fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
I diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
" G^6RG^W?KEllL? ; S^Cgenc7^o~c^rge^n^
less succefsful. Room 310. S27 Market Rt. R
_^ DB\TISTS._ —
A-DILt" S. HIGGINS, 927 Slarket street,
Emma Epreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling |1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate SIS;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate: painless extraction.
1 AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
I ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
I have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
I without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. ro.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.; Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
' and fillings; extractions or fillings by. my
I .-wonderful secret. painleEs method; 20 years"
I experience: no students; advice free; prices
1 cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
; DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. -
• A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose I'earl.
i ¦ warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings,
¦ E0c; plates. $.-¦; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth
! DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
I specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg..
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Gsary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates f't up;phonePolkll33.
PARIS Der.tal Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor.' Ex-
aminer building; formerly In. Murphy, bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
¦V 60c. K. Y. Dentists. 3C3 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. .- -. ¦
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YnPNG. 1341 Polk ft. - ¦ '
SUPERFLUOUS hair and- moles permanently
removed by electrolysis; facial massage with
' hydro- vaci. MISS 1IILLMAN, 930 Bush at.
DETECTIVE ; AGENCIES. ;
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posl-
, lively refused." Emma Spreckels. building,
rooms 323-324. : San Francisco: tel. South SSI.
WRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking^: Millinery School—
Clasa rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Ppst. over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR MEN.
A practical and Industrial education for men:
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of. Mason
and Ellis sts. : opening night, Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10: registration beginning. September
1: departments— Art, business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guaces. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA, educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$5 per month: $50 llfo scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers:
new, typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court .reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught;' prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an nccredlted preparatory
school for the university, law a n<T' medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. m!ning,m<?ch,.<=ur-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton; nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEF.PING. figures: the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bnokkreplnc and the
Gregg shorthand rosts nnlv $«!. San .Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market ft.y t
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep, $6 mo.
SPANISH lessons by competent old Castlllan
teacher. PROF. MAYA, ?10 Eddy st.
MARY P.WESTHAUS piano, mandolin, pultar
lesson?. SOc; r-iano for practice, ' 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin.
mandolin, guitar: juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILTXTSTRATTON— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night das3. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO- page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. •
JAPANESE and Chinese "help oTTll" > klndsl
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush st.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. ¦
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE arid Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: al) kinds heln. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
ENGLISH lady desires position as companion,
chaperon or managing housekeeper;, good
musician, correspondent, reader, etc.; would
travel; highest references. Box 4S64, Call.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes to do
light housework; competent cook; city or
country. 136 Fifth St., between Howard and
Mission. . S
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
ironing and house-cleaning. 19 Stevenson
- ave., near Hermann.
A YOUNG girl wishes situation at second work
or general housework. Call 3239A Sixteenth.
RELIABLE Swedish girl wishes position gen-
eral housework In family; take Castro-st.
car. 349 Alvarado Et.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework and' cooking: city or
country. 10 Stockton place, off Grant ave.
NURSE for one child, and assist Ii\ upstairs
work; city references. 1251V4 Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near^Mar^
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Ft.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
AN active, sober, elderly man -wishes a posi-
tion where he can earn $15 or $20 per month;
understands farm, fruit, poultry: good car-
penter; city or country. Box 4562, Call.
A MAN understanding: boxhiaking desires po-
sition in commission house. Address box
45G0, Call.
COMPETENT gardener wants position; under-
stands the care of horses, cattle, etc.; local
reference. Box 4861, Call. . -
A FIRST-CLASS extract and essences maker,
also perfumes, desires permanent position;
reference. Box 4&G2, Call office.
PLAIN cooking by Englishman; not more than
3 cr 4 persons. H. WHITE, 706 Broadway,
Oakland.
YOUNG married man who has held responsible
positions for 14 years would like to secure a
position where good, active man can be ap-
preciated; Al recommendations. Box 4926,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants a position as
gardener on private plaee; also understands
care of horses, cows and chickens; references.
Box 4950. Call office. M
CONTRACTOR'S experienced clerk and time-
keeper seek* employment; railroad, quarry
or city work. Address box 4S67, Call office.
j A GERMAN wishes situation In winery; un-
derstands coopering: has no objection to the
country. Address J. WHITE. 861 Market.
AN experienced grocery and delivery clerk
wishes position; well acquainted In city; ref-
erence. Box 4S28, Call office.
BARBER, 2 years' experience, wants*" work
with' good man. Box 4927, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man of good habits wants a
position In wholesale house: grocery nnd
wine company preferred; good references. Box
4936 Call office. . .
TWO young Filipinos. 18 years of age. desire
situations together as waiters or dishwashers
In country hotel. 403 Buchanan st.
JAPANESE, nice, good cook, wants position
cooking and housework: best references; 3
years last place. Box 4661, Call office, i [
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cubscrlptlons has been established at . 1096
Vnlencla fet. ¦ '.:¦'
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER plljows & mattresses Eteamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1333 Valencia ,-tel.Capp 2687.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co.. <inc.)-^\Ve
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. SQ7-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PLATS TO LET..*
ELEGANT modern sunny fiat on boulevard,
603 Baker Bt., NW cor. Fulton; 7 rooms and
bath; almost new; Inlaid floors; beautifully
decorated ; fine view.
SUNNY corner lower flat; 7 rooms, bath, laun-'
dry; rent reasonable; perfect order. 1800
O'Farrell st. ' "
FOURTEENTH ave. and N St., South San
Francisco— Elegant flat. G rooms and bath;
latest improvements. -_2j
COLE, 769-771; bet. Beulah and Frederick st?.—
Fine row sunny flats, 7 room3 and bath;
rent reasonable. '
NATOMA. 714 — flat of 4 rooms; sunny; large
yard and cellar; rent $10; no children. ¦...;'•
ONLY 1 left; new, sunny. 7. rooms; modern, up
to date; marine view. Van Ness and Union.
$16 — SIX rooms, bath, in good order, lower part.
12 Guy place, off First, above Folsom. ~
FURNISHED or unfurnished house and' flat;
rent reasonable. 512. Forty-sixth ave. .,,-..
SAN JOSE ave., 141, near ..Twenty-fourth ; St.—
Nice modern sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath, $18/
LEAVENWORTH, 1519^-4 rooms and bath.
gas: clean flat, quiet neighborhood;' rent. $15.
HANDSOMELY furnished • flat desirable- part
Calif ornia Et. Box 47S2. : Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents— The Weekly Call,
:16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
-FLATS TO LET — -FURNISHED.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. "1517— Parlor -floor of 4
' rooms ; piano, bath, garden ; nice home ; $23.
.PPR&ITlTRB FOR SALE. . .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $4S B0, with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A BARGAIN— 6 rooms all rented; 2 rooms pay
¦ rent; -water free; corner flat. 874 Howard.
FURNITURE of 7-room flat for sale; -reason-'
abier Apply -.1150 Mission st. '
FPRiyJTURE ] WANTED^ ;
CAL Auction Co..- 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, . etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.'
Auctioneer; W. P. Btauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.: tel.jjetsle 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
X. L.Storrs. 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
BEFORE selling your furinture. see Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission. - TeL Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: teURed. 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price,
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— -FE31A1.E.
ATC'B. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
- •••.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT •¦•
Head waitress, Arizona, free fare — $25
4 waitresses, Arizona, see boss here .$20
Waitress, Institution • $25
60 waitresses, city and country ...$20, $25
Chambermaid, city $2°
FAMILY DEPARTMENT . . . . •
- Cook and second girl, small grown family,
. country, $35 and $25; housekeeper, small fam-
ily, $15. . fire paid; second" girl. Santa Cruz,
Vi'i. se<- rerty here; 2 women with children.
3 same place, city, $15 each; cooks, • second
girls, houseglrls, etc..:. ..".,...
C R.* HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary St.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
...: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
IS . waitresses,, first class city and country
hotels, $20 and $26; 2 waitresses, city. $25 and
room; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20; fancy
ironer, country. $9 week; 2 cooks, $35 apd $40.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, email American family, $30. see lady
this morning; German or Swedish second
girl. San Rafael, $25, see lady here; house-
glrls,- cooks and second girls, city and
country
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ....335 Geary
WANTED— 8 second girls for city and coun-
try, $25; 4 second girls, city, $20; 2 parlor
' maids and waitresses, $25: German nurse,
$25; 3 nurses,. $20 and $25; 6 cooks, plain
wash, $30 and $35; German cook, $35; laun-
dress, $80; 16 -waitresses for city and coun-
try hotels, - springs and family boarding-
houses. $20 and $25; 89 glrle for housework for
city and country and in nice American fam-
ilies at $20. $25 and $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. ...
MISS HORGAN ..323 Sutter st.
3 German cooks, $30; girl for San Mated*. $25;
girl for Santa Cruz, $25; 10 housework girls,
city, $25; French maid, $25; Infant's nurse,
$25; 5 second girls, city and Alameda, $20 to'
- $25; 20 young girls to insist, $12 to $20.
HARBRIDGE & CO 323 Kearny st.
German girl, second work, small family, $20;
girl, assist in housework, $15: cook and sec-
ond girl, same house, $20 and $25.
WANTED immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
' paid. California Canneries Co.. 425 Bran-
san st.
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Brannan Bt.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day work: steady, clean work all
¦ summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
WANTED— Young woman, German. Italian or
Swedish, to do general housework, assist In
kitchen and washing for small family; wages
$15 per month. Address J. SLADKY, Moun-
', tain View, Cal.
WANTED— A lady for light housework; good
home; fair pay to the right party. Call after
• 2 p. m., 116 Taylor st.
WANTED — Waitresses experienced in arm
work: good pay; permanent positions; no fee.
127 Mason st. -'
WANTED — Operators on pants: steady work;
good pay. SELIG BROS., 108 Battery st.
WANTED — Finishers on pants; steady work;
good pay. &ELIG BROS.. 10S Battery Et.
AN experienced typewriter; hours S to 6; sal-
ary $20. S. N: WOOD & CO.. 718 Market St.
Experienced operators on ladies' underskirts:
steady work; good pay. A. Aaron, 579 Mission.
EXPERIENCED collar rubbers. Apply United
States, Laundry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
GIRLS to "sew by hand in r factory. ¦ 656 Mis-
sion St., fourth floor.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work. S32 Folsom st. - *
WOMAN for light housework; assist with chil-
dren. 1123 Steiner st.
WANTED— An experienced cook and laundress;
small family; wages $23; references. Call at
1710 Everett St.. Alameda, F. E. MASON.
Take broad gauge to Park-st. station.
EXPERIENCED vest finishers wanted. Ap-
ply at factory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary Et. .
WANTED- Experienced lace saleslady; state
age, experience and salary expected. Apply
box 4952. Call office.
GERMAN girl for plain cooking for Western
Addition. Apply* in store. 130 Sixth st.
YOUNG grirl general • housework : sleep home;
colored preferred. 131A O'Farrell st. ¦
WANTED at once— Woman who Is bright and
dresses neatly to travel for wholesale house.
Box 4946, Call. - '
FIRPT-CLASS tailoress on custom coats to
make buttonholes. 631% Stevenson st.
A GIRL for housework; small family; a flat:
wages $15. Apply 1554 Grove.
GIRL for light housework; small family. .Ap-
ply 503 Lyon st.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
alls. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED waist hands; good pay.
' JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia Ft.
IIEIiP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
FREE FARE...... FREE FARE.......
..FOR UKIAH \
....FOR. UKIAH..
FOR UKIAH '.
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
50 laborers, steel gang.. ........ ....$1.75 to $2
SHIP DAILY'.
100 drillers, muckers, tunnelmen and labor-
ers for railroad tunnel at Chatsworth
. Park .-...$2 to $3 a day
60 masons" helpers and laborers for
Truckee $2 to $2.25 a day
DO laborers for section work on the Santa
• Fe system ..-..$1.75. a clay
Free fare to all the above places. Ship dally.
10 laborers, , short dlstanco In the country,
$S0 to $90 and found, free fare; see boss here.
: Lumber-pliers, cross-cut sawyers, logway
man and roadmakers for sawmills and woods,,
$2 a day and $45 to $55; two cut-off sawyers,
box factory, country, $2 day: hoisting engi-
neer fcr derrick, $2.60 a day; 20 farmers,, milk-
ers, choremen and others..... '....*..'.;...
.....HOTEL DEPARTMENT....
Steward, country hotel, $75; second cook. $75;
broiler, $60, hotel north: - baker and pastry
cook, country hotel, $45;. head, cook rKr hotel
in Arizona, $65, fare paid ; second cook for
railroad camp, .$30 and free fare; 4. waiters,
country hotels, $30 and $23..
¦ Middle-aged night clerk, country hotel, $25;
Janitor for store, $40; laundry man, country.
, $35...
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...... ...104 Geary st.'
MILKER and wife. $35 to $40, no objection to
children; 2, men and wives for fruit ranches,
$40; man and wife to cook -for about 4 men,
no other woman on the place. Southern Cali-
• fornia. $50; farmers, $1 day; gardener, $30; 2
bricklayers, $5 day; washer for country laun-
. dry, $35 and found: Ironer.' $30 and found; all-
, ,. around., hand laundryman, $35 and found;
I teamsters, - laborers and others. • J. F. CRO-
SETT-& CO... 628 Sacramento st.
j 3 HOTEL cooks, $40. $50 and, $60 and. found:
¦: cook, small restaurant. $30 and "found; ranch
} cook. $30 and found;- 4 cooks for small board-
ing-houses, $30 and found; 3 hotel waiters, $30
and $35 and found, country: fifth hand baker
on bread, $23 and found ; , dishwasher, assist
waiting for laboring camp, country. $30, free
. fare, go this forenoon. J. F. CROSETT &
CO... 628 Sacramento st. . .-. ,,
j AT HARBRIDGE & CO.'S. 323 Kearny st.
I Hop pickers; free. camping ground, wood and
water; good pay. and long- season ; call and-
register at once it ; you wish to go .;..
¦ 150 teamsters.... .;. -..$2 00
!. 60 graders ..:.'....... :..............:. $1 75
. Wanted— At once, elderly man to do chores
and assist , In family of 2; good 'home -and
j - ' wages .... '.'..'. ....-..;.. .'.' . . .*-. ; ; .......; -.-. . ; . . .-. .
. Al * CARD WRITER. 8. ' N. WOOD ' & CO : 718
j, .Market st. - . . . ." . ... .. - .* -. , ¦ , ..
• WANTED— Tlnnera at 559 Halght st.
. HEJLP^W A^TJEP— MAJ^— -£on^
MURRAY & READY... ..634-636 Clay st.
.................Phone Main 5S4S ...'
.:. Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
'.Office Open 7 a. m.. —
......SHIP RAILROAD MEN TO-DAY
150 teamsters and laborers for Cal. N.W.R.R.
Free Fare.... UKIAH. ...... ...Free Fare
•••¦•• SANTA FE RAILROAD
! 75 men to work on. the Santa Fc system,
Stockton, 'Fresno districts, no experience re-
. ' quired ...Free Fare....... Wages 51 75, $2 25
GOLD.............. MINES .............SILVER
. 10 single-hand miners ,- for a new mine.,
north ...........; ".„...........'. V<3
'• 3 miners, $55 and found; 15 quarrymen, $S0:
8 muckers. . quartz mine, ¦ $60 and found ; 10
laborers, no experience, $73; 25 laborers, new
mine, surface work, no experience required,
$45 and $48 and found; 15 drillers, $75; lO.tuh-
j nelmen; $90; ; 18 laborers, company work, re-
duced fare, north; furnace man for . mine,
married or single, $65 and house........
LABORERS ..............¦•••
B laborers, brickyard fare 60c, $30 and found :
.15 laborers, near city, free fare. $3 day and
¦ found; 75 laborers, sawmills and woods; 10
laborers. Trinity County; 8 laborers, Shasta
! County; 5 laborers, Merced County; 25, Sac-
ramento County •
..FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC.... :
3 teamsters, same ranch, small teams
-. $30 and found
B0 farmers, steady Jobs, fruit and other
.. ranches, $26 to $35 and found; 15 orchard,
fruit and packing-house hands; 27 choremen
and boys, $15 to $30 and found: man to run
hop baling gang, $40 and found; 5 men for
hop yards, $30 and found; 10 milkers, $30
and $35; 3 butter-makers; hay balers
MECHANICAL* HELP
Cooper, slack Work, country, see boss here;
•Carriage painter, $3 50 day;, band sawyer,
country; 5 blacksmiths; 2 helpers; horse-
fihoer's helper/ $2 50 day '•• •
¦ MISCELLANEOUS
¦ w Working foreman, ranch, $50 and found;
night watchman, country hotel; man
to drive; milkers, country; 6 stablemen; 2
marine firemen; 5 woodchoppers for mine
-company, long job; 10 teamsters, Amador
County, $2 25 day: 23 teamsters, ranch work,
$39 to $35 and found
SPECIAL
2 stonemasons.- rubble work, $3 50 day, see
boss here; painter, country shop, see boss
here
'i. bricklayers, near city. $5 a day. see boss
.... FWuVf'picKERS-FRUITI'ickERS'.'.'!!
10 men, no experience required, to pick and
work in fruit ,.-.....$30 and found
MARRIED TUSLP
- Married choreman, no objection to children,
country .place. $52 50; man and wife, small
ranch, Alameda County $50 to $53 and found;
farmer and wife, orchard. $1 Zo fare. $40 and
found; farmer and wife. $G0
BAKERS, HOTEL HELP, ETC
Steward for a club; night cook, $10 week;
dishwasher, ranch. $23 and found; first and
second bakers, same country shop, $S3 an<i
found; baker for mine company, $45; fifth
hand on bread, city; third hand on bread,
city; second hand,' country shop. $35
Chief cook, country, $60; 4 cooks, country ho-
tels. $35 to $45; second cook, mine boarding-
house. $40 and found; second cook, sawmill
company, $50; 14 ranch and camp cooks; 15
. waiters, - city and country hotels, $30. $30;
sausage-maker and butcher, country shop. $35
; and found; 2 dishwashers, Truckee sawmill,
$30 and found; 25 kitchen hands, dishwasher3
and others :..
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
A-STENOGRAPHERS— CLERKS.7^
Assistant bookkeeper and stenographer, coun-
try store, see boss here; dry goods clerk,
country merchandise • store, single man. see
boss here; stenographer for a mining com-
pany, $60 and found and increase
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call bldg-. Phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
UKIAH UKIAH ,
¦ FREE FARE ....:
50 railroad laborers. Ukiah $2 per day
50 axmen and teamsters. Ukiah. .$2 23 per day
Free fare to Bakersneld and Fresno Divisions
50 shovelers for tjie Santa Fe
. ...REDUCED RATES TO SHASTA AND...
TRINITY COUNTIES
10 tunnelmen $3 per day
10 hammersmen $2 50 per day
20 laborers $2 25 per day
MAN and wife to take charge of rooming-
house and do the work, t'to and room; inside
porter, rooming-house, $30 and room: young
bellboy. $10. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335
Geary st. . .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
—All around cook, country, $40; colored
waiter, $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207.
* I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
BARBERS' CERTIFICATES— Adeline Cope-
land^notary public, will issue affidavits and
obtain certificates for barbers at room 28,
Crocker building, from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
daily during the absence of the State Board
of Barber Examiners. •»
WANTED — Salesman of good address, familiar
' with plumbing goods; communications will be
confidential. Address with full particulars.
A. B. C.. box 4958,. Call office. , - ... ..
WANTED— Large boys net under 15 years of
age» of good family, who want to learn'crock-
ery business. Apply at 9 o'clock Sunday
morning, August 25. at 130 Sutter st.
— . NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.
WANTED— To assist In office work, a younff
man who lives with his parents; must be
pood penman and correct at figures; no appli-
cation entertained unless age and references
are given. Box 4S63, Call office.
WANTED— For a private residence, e neat first
class young man for general work; one who
thoroughly understands the care and driving
of horses and can attend to a small garden;
local references required. Box 4872, Call office.
MARINE firemen,'. lumber stevedores, long-
shoremen, sailors, woodworking machine
hands; non-union; no office fees. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room 24.
SHOE cutters wanted. BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT, Twenty-sixth and Vaiencla sts..
San Franpisco, Cal.
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, pot-
washers and kitchen help; good pay; no fee.
127 Mason st.
WANTED-fallor. ROOS BROS., 25-37 Kearny
street. ' .
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. RE1SS BROS. .& CO.. 24 Sutter st.
BOY for printing business. WILCOX & CO.,
1C6 Battery st. .
BOY wanted; references. Apply between 8 and
. 9. 91S Market St., room 31.
WANTED— Salesman experienced In retail gro-
cery or crockery business. Box 4956, Call.
WANTED — Upholsterer - and carpet-layer;
steady work to right man. 2108 California st.
GOOD porter for barber shop and bath; wages
$10. ;6 Sixth St.- - ¦ ' ¦
WANTED-^Good bushelman. 1709 Clay st.
A FIRST-CLASS bootblack at Langham bar-
' ber shop; $9 per week. 141 Ellis st. .
DISHWASHER— Call early. 5G7 Sixth st. .
WANTED — Press feeder for a few days at 364
Hayes st.
DISHWASHER. .38 Seventh st. !
FOR SALE — First-class hotel- barber shop In
mountain town. H. BERNARD, 104 7th st.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed ' for the Sweepstake Mining- Cc.
near Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. . Cal. :' apply on
work; steady work, good board . and best
wages in- State. 'San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 25. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine rorps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet I
Inch: able to -speak and read -English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, . 40 Ellis 'st.. . San Francisco. ; ¦
A. THOUSAND, men. sailors, stevedores, labor-
ers; steady employment and rood wages It
work Is satisfactory. Apply Lumber Deal-
ers" Association, 2CD Examiner building.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed.RoIkln.'Reno House proprietor, Mill
I runs Denver House. 217 Third Ft.: 150 large
rooms; 2jc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ONE or two singers and players for medicine
company in the coii.itry; man and wife pro-
ferred. . Apply j 700 . Ellis St., corner. Larkin.
WANTBD— Active man: Hght.~ genteel wbrk:
-. pays $15 to $18 per, week: steady place; must
• have $150 cash. ¦ 765 -Market st.. room 3.
WANTED — An experienced clothing salesman :
state- age.' Addrfces^Llon Clothing Co., San
' Diego. Cal. KHTv ~ ~ -
r j.e~i^
BOY to b<? useful > id*! store; hard work; state
¦\ experience; salary5|5;week. Box 4924, Call.
A, PRIVATE secretary: little bookkeeping:
general usefulnessrfgpod home; small wages:
short distance from city. : Box 4944/ Call office.
.WANTED— E»per!encM J : packer Tor . crockery
1. house; only sober Industrious man need apply.
Address box 43S5. {j^lttoffice. - ¦¦-. ¦:-.¦
ALL sizes men's Kboe*,»)"sllghtly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission; riv/abet. 1st and 2d st3. .
WANTED— Jewelers. /t:32S< Bush St., 3d floor, '
* room 4. - :-.';-¦ y-jgr-V* -.,.- r " ..
YOUNG man or boy.' to" learn barber trade.- 75J
. Geary, st. ¦¦ ¦ -/':.¦ *? :-* ;:J . .. .
BOY who has worked >fni blacksmith shop. Ap-"
. ply 1800 Folsom tst:;;,iV>..; ...
McDON ALD ' & PE RR 1 * • 1 ha ve ' 500 pa 1 rs second
hand shoes forsalc; -WicJup. 241 Third' st. ;
100 ORDINARY teamsteis.'- Apply 232 Montgom-
. ' ery st; ¦ ¦ -/ ; ". • , ¦ ¦'^:M"^','i ;
TWO- first-class cabinertriakers on wood man-
tels, MANGRUM 61 ¦ OTTER, SSI Market st.
WANTED— STEADY, ABLE-BODIED MEN
TO HANDLE COAL AT GOOD WAGES;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT TO GOOD WORK-
MEN. APPLY TO THE PACIFIC COAST
COMPANY. BEALE-ST. COAL BUNKERS.
CARPENTERS and Pile ¦ Drivers Wanted-
Experienced bridge and wharf carpenters and
pilp drivers wanted for work on various Jobs
in this city; wages $1 TO per day of nine hours;
men going on now will be given police pro-
tection and absolute preference in all future
I work, if they prove competent: our asso-
ciation includes every contractor of conse-
n.uence In ihe line in the city, and good men
can count on fair treatment and steady work
Bridge & Wharf Builders Employers' Assn..
Room S, 4 California st. ' ,
WANTED — Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters: good wages: per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside: men working for
-the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wbarf. San Francisco.
MEN to learn ' barber trade: positions at $50
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice:
two years' apprenticeship saved: examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated: wages while learning: more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
633 Clay st.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Pest No. 2.
Q. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. S06 Market.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work {or tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GET your ?hoes half-soled whiie waiting; 25;
to 5Cc. SS3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and !d sts.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new anil 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20e un. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms: free
'bus and hnesratre to and from ferry.
HORSES AM) WAGOyS. ¦
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, ham?3S. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sa!e3 every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TOOMEY bike cart, good as new, and rubber
tire phaeton. O'BRIEN'S, Polk st. and
Golden Gate ave.
liO HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO., 35 Dore St., S. F.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. S2S Harrison.
A BARGAIN in =ood carrla!r<-, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 O. G. ave.
SECOND-HAND physician's coupe, rubber
tire phaeton, carts and business buggies.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness "and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. S4 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses: 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wasrons. buggies, carts, harness,
' etc.. rheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camning wagon for'sale. ch°ap. 532 Mission
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at St.
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass <»t.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & C<X. 14 Montgomery.
LOCUST ave., C24. bet. Golden Gate and Mc-
Allister, nr. Lasruna— 5 r.. bath. base.. $16 50.
HOUSES TO LET — FUII.\ISHE1X~
TO LET— Completely well furnished house of
9 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which are
rented, paying more than half the rent. A"-
ply at 79 South Park.
houses .WABrrjjpIi ~™
WANTED — Modern house or flat. 8 or 9 rooms*
north Market;, about J40: 4 adults; no chil-
dren; will pay one or two years' rent in ad-
vance if inducements offered in location,
house, rent. etc. Address Good Care, box
4793. Call ofllce.
WELL and completely furnished house of 10
or 12 rooms . by. adult family of four; north
of California St., west of Van Ness ave. Box
476A. Call office.
; : SUBURBAN HOMES.
PALO ALTO— Furnished house 13 rooms; good
location; all modern Improvements; piano;
to lease one year: ?T5. .Box 115. Palo Alto. -
LOST A.\*I> FOUND.
LOST— Pocketbook containing $110 In currency;
also furlough with name and an order for
ticket to Chicago. Return to G GAERTT-
_NER, Golden West" Hotel: liberal reward.
LOST— rocketbook containing 5 railroad books;
also small amount of money. Return same
to T. S. MERCHANT, 212 Davis St.: liberal
reward.
LOST — A purse with $45 In currency and small
! amount of change In silver at children's play-
¦grourds, on bench or near hothouse; reward
683 Clementina st.
LOST — Eastman kodak In grand stand at base-
hall park. Leave at room 1118 Claus Spreck-
els building; reward.
LOST— Lady's handbag, containing spectacles
end purse, on Ingleside car, at 5:30 o'clock.
Liberal reward at S71A Minna st.
LOST — Cashbook with notes; no value to finder-
reward. 2225 Pine st.
LOST— Siate-cclored Eskimo dog. Suitable r»-
• ward at 1413 Mason st.
LOST — A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of Amelia Kraus. No. 175-937. The find-
er will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 210 Sutter St.. needs oil
gold to maV» ti»w watch rarps.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. lSS7T7?l7a^[e'&~conr
; f.dentiat. Mctg inc. MRS HERTZ. ?<m K1H? st.
M.vrritEssKS- am> ¦ pillows.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: A3 carpet cleaning; honest work fmar-
nnte^d. HOPKE BROS.. 4U to 413 Po*-ell st. •
1»». Bush 421.
MEDICAL. ~ -
A— DR. O'DONNELL- All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the renowned spe-
cialist. My medicines have been used for
many years by thousands; the unfortunate
helped: relief tn all cases taken; the mo«t
obstinate cases have been relieved by my
treatments: free confidential advice on all
subjects of a delicate nature: all classes of
female complaints treated; relief to the long-
est cases. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL 1013
Market St.. onp. Fifth: no branches. ' '
RETURNED .; ........... ~
.MRS. DA VIES has returned froin her vaca-
tion and will bn pleased to see her friends at
the old' number, 1228 Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. : DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home- home
in "confinement. ¦ 112G-*Market St., S. -J\
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined t«>
-weaknesses and diseases of men only 947
/ Market st., corner Sixth: entire upper "floor.
MRS.' D. ALLEN. 1113 Markft— Reliable la-
dles" specialist: a prlv. home before nnd dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D.. KOHL removed from Market st. to
419 O'Farrell St.. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D.' WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 41rt O'Farrell st.. near Taylor.
- MI.\KS ': _Y_\ U MIMAU.'
BIG strike— The » Buckeye ¦¦ Placer Mining Co
- have struck $20 to the pan;. will sell smart in-
. terf st for better facilities. ' See W. C SHEP-
AIID, : 202 Parrott . building, fifth floor.
3IISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo
.INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po
ker table?, barroom chairs, linoleum, new am
second hand; we always have a large stock at
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits oi
one floor ready made: we can ship evsrythini
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1C19. 1021. 102
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue
Graphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones, $3 ti
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophonei
$1 £0; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones veri
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary
A— RUTS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. V/HITKLAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A- $3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price H^ter3. 330 Kearny St.. near Pln»
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARfeORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A LOT of oil tanks, all sizes and shapes, cheap
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
2ND-HAND COUPE for sale cheap: good con-
dition. Hambletonlan stables. 36 Hawthorne.
TWO gasoline engines for sale cheap: 1 4-hors«
p. Colie, 1 2%-h. p. Hercules; at 903 Kearny.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags »nd drest
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellla ft.
MOVING picture attachments for magic laa-
terns. $13 50. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-42S Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches; Jewelry; cash or Ins'ali-
menta. Theo. Fershtand. 12<i Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLAPS recond-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. "Co.
BAR outfits, showcases: all l»ngths and slaea.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St.
2D-HAND machinery nr all kinds bought, rolrt.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White, olfi Mission.
ENGINES nrd boilers: second-hand machtn-
ery. J. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
.FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
lined s^fe. perfect order. 21B California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-h»nd rrovinsr P'»-
tiir«>s. KTT.T^on jr. t*ti^«-.t{- t"i t»-«.* •<.
I MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand moving picture ma-
chine; also phonograph. Box 4S69. Call office
TILTON want3 sood second-hand clothing and
thoatr.lcal -good-. !'*. 9th «t.: t»l. FM.om n*?.
MOXEV TO I.O.VJT.
AA^MAHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City anil
Oakland: town and country property, second
mortgages', life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests la
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5014. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
TTndivided Interest in real estate In probate....
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
I $.".000,000 at 6% or less in large sums: loann
I on second mortgages, estates, etc. : financial
I problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more mon»y
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY. proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages: securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and roinlnj
I interests: corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
I Chror.icle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Sto-e. !M8 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
I RELIABLE corporation, established 1865. proper
I place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry.
1 pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of Interest.
I 9 Grant ave.. near Market: te!. Black 5471.
j MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 1C3 Grant a*ve.. near
Ceary st. ; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
: lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery-
1 Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank book*
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
party: no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bids:.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal?. Imonej
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room M.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry." W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$23,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Farrctt building.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate: no brokerage:
no delay LICK. 116 McAllister st
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: io a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
• ON salaries or wages; no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Lean Co.. 30D Phelan bldg.
$lfiO,0CO TO loan on real estate or for bulldlnj;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indnrser. WORRELL. 6<V> ETnnMner building
3IOXEY WASTED.'
i WANTED— Money on good security at fair
rate of interest; no room for sharks. Box
4JS0. Call office.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY A
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
! 3 years from date of purchase, and have full
I price allowed. New upright pianos, $& per
month; some good pianos sold for $3 $4 anj
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY " A CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
j sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
; Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
DURING the next few weeks, while so many
[ people are striking, we, are going to do some
i striking ourselves. We will strike off from
• 20 to 30 per cent on all piano sales during th«
I month. Our regular prices are low. but these
special prices are so much lower that you
cannot afford to buy elsewhere. We have
pianos from $50 upward. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. ISi Market St..
AT BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell st.
1 i.000 square feet of warehouse space.
250 pianos and organs to select from.
New upright pianos from $135 up.
Second-hand pianos from $00 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up.
• Agents for Ch'.ckerirg. Vose. Ster'lng plane*.
Apollo, king of pianists, plays every day.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famou3 and oldest Amerlcaa
makes. Including Hallet-Davia; great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Steinway. $!83 up; Klschor.
*100: Chlckerlcg. $165; 20 others, rents %2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any t!m*
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a plan >
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st : established 1S50.
ONE hundred pianos: 20 different factories rep-
resented: srrcat car loads still coming. t>e<»
us at 933 Market st., opposite Mason 'Brancn
store at 951 Broadway. Oakland. The WILF.Y
B. ALLEN CO.
ATTENTION PIANO BUYERS!
, Sohmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Ham-
j>nly at BTRON MAITZY'S. 308. 31(f, 312 Post
SPECIAL ial<? cf Hazelton and. all first-cias*
I pianos continued until August 23: easy terms;
; don't miss tbts opportunity. The J. DEW-
j ING CO.. 12 Flood building.
I ANOTHER cleaning-out sale cf storage pianos
at your own price; Jfi Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO..' 1706 Market St.
GREAT bargain In fine upright grand piano;
• owner must leave city. 804 Geary st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KKEFFF.-S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shontnger. Fchubert and Steinway bargains. '
$73 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE**
Piano Factory. Marl.-.U. 14th and Church sts.
LEFT on sale. ID5 mahogany case Fischer up-
richt piano. Room 38. 217 Geary at.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400. piano for $275.
Pf't'NM. "US Post ct.
ELEGANT new upright ptancs for rent. S3 per
mo. srOTT-n'PTAZ Piano Co.. Mft Hayes.
SUPERIOR vloilns. aithers. eld and new. 57
JWT.T.Fp. mpk n r. rrn-i'rT. 2 LatMm nlace.
• '• A?f*l- Hart^ian. ««.*: eloirnrt n«-v»
P'anw. S1/.0 tip. W. P. Hamilton. X Flood bkly.
GOon Ffcond-hand upright for sale cheap.
PCHMIT2. 16 McAllister st.
A" FIVE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Mc-
A'lipter *t. ¦¦•¦-¦
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. 328. near Sansome — Handsome lars*
¦tore, very cheap, to good tenant. •First race, seven and a half furlongs — Mar
ion Lynch won, Aloha II second. Round O
third. Time, 1:37%.
¦ Second race, five furlongs, selling— Ben Hul
lom won, Veta second. Maid of Dundee third.
Third race, six furlongs— Paul . Crelghton
won, Jce Martin second, Georgle third. Time.
1:14%. -'
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Georgia Gard
ner won. Tea Gown second. Criton third. Time,
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Sister Kate
II won, Toluca second^ Rustic Girl third.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Dynasty
won McWilliams second, Hazel Ray third.
Tinvs. U1VA. •
DETROIT, Aug. 22.— "Windsor results:
Fifth race, six furlongs— Invasion won. Snark
second. Young Henry third. Time, 1:14%.
Sixth race, one mile— Free Lance won, Lake
view Belle second, Morokanta third. Time,
1:42«4, ¦ .
First race, six and a half furlongs— Prlnc©
Plausible won, Lady Hayman second, Nona B
third! Time. l:23tf.
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Medita
tion won. Flintlock second. Paper Maker third.
¦ Third" race, mile and a sixteenth — Radford
won. Gray Dally second. Montreal third. Time.
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling— Lao won.
Concertina second. Mowich third. Time,
FORT ERIE, Aug. 22.— Results:
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling-
Oliver Me won, Althea second, Anecdote third.
JTime, 1:52.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Hawthorne results:
First race, seven furlongs — Lissom won, Pa
troon second, Onoto third. Time. 1:37%.
Second • race, six furlongs— Jaubert won.
Evening Star second, Emathion third. Time,
l:21H.'
Third race, six furlongs — Goal Runner won,
W'allenstein second, Max Bendix third. Time,
1:20.
Fourth race, steeplechase, short course. Em
erald stakes— Flarlus won. Dick Furber second.
Captain Conover third. Time. 3:09.
¦ Fifth race, seven furlongs— Lennep won. Ban
ish second. Major Deacon third. Time, l:34Vi-
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth— Oxnard
won. Tammany Chief second, Flying Torpedo
third. Time, 2:04.
Third race, the Huron Handicap, mile and
three-sixteenths — The Rhymer won. Baron
Pepper second, Bellario third. Time, 2:03.
Fourth race, handicap, five and a half fur
longs—Smart Set won. Sister * Juliet second.
Tribes Hill third. Time. 1:09 3-5.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Lord Neville \cpn, Ed L second. Revoke third.
Time, 1:21%.
Fifth race, mile and three-sixteenths, selling
—Swordsman won. Barrica second, Eugenia S
third. Time, 2:03%.-
SUth race, six furlongs— Miss Gollsrhtly won,
Fitzkanett second. Dandy Jim third. Time,
1:15.
SARATOGA,' Aug. 22.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Dublin won, Paul
Clifford second. Malster third. Time. 1:16.
Second race, six furlongs — Maria Bolton won.
Pathfinder second. Advocate third. Time.
1:17 4-6. . • • ¦
Third race, one mile, selling — Tom Cromwell
won, Empyreal second, Ladas third. Time,
1:43%;
Second race, five furlongs, purse — Faranlass
won, Clarena second. Wyaper third. Time.
1:03. -
First race, six furlongs, selling; — Colonel Stone
won, Mirabel second, Varner third. Time,
1:16%.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 22.— Delmar Park results:
Sixth race, ¦ seven furlonss — El Mido won,
Alaria second, St. Germain third. Time, 1:29%.
Seventh race, three furlongs— Big Dutch won,
Nettie H second, Alar/s Garter third. Time 1 ,
:24. Honest John finished second, but was dis
qualified'for fouling.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Kitty Kelly won.
Pope Leo second, Miss Remsen third. Time,
1:14%:
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Spike
won, Freo Pass second, 1 Kenova third. Time,
1:47%.
Second race, one mile — Strcmo won. Ltndell
Lindenella second, Mont Eagle third. Time,
1:44.
Third race, five furlongs— Pirate Maid won,
Prestonian Kecond. Tufts third. Time. -1:02.
First race, pacing, two in three— Royal won,
J. D. second. Hard Case third. Best time,
2:20.
BTJTTE, Mont., Aug. 22.— Results:
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Hllo won,
Monos second, Dal Keith third. Time, 1:30.
Fourth- race, one mile, selling— W. B. Gates
won, Nettle Regent second, Miss Lisa tnird.
Time, 1:44%. - ; ; <".
Third race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing — Dan Paxton won. El Caney second. Bohul
third. Time. 1:45.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 22.— Klnloch results:
First race, five furlongs — Queen W won, Duela
second, Miss Hugh third. Time, l:03Vi.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Olekama
won, Athara second, Papa Harry third. Time,
l:MVfc
Handicap at Saratoga by The
Rhymer.
Baron Pepper Is Beaten in the Huron
HONEST JOHN LOSES
PLACE FOB FOULING
Quietly but energetically the Granby
Smelter people of Grand Forks, B. . C,
have commenced grading a short line
from Grand Forks direct to Republic. In
reality they are backed by the Canadian
Pacific, but their charter does not permit
the direct ownership of that road to ap
pear. The Canadian Pacific's road is so
much shorter that it is almost certain to
be finished first. Its. projectors have also
secured long-time contracts for transport
ing the ore of the largest Republic mines
, to. the Grand Forks smelters.
TACOMA, . Aug. 22.— Present indications
are that the Canadian Pacific , Railway
will beat the Great Northern with a new
line to the rich Republic district. Presi
dent Hill announced recently that th«:
Great Northern would have Its line com
pleted to Republic by January 1 next. He
accepted a route located by his engineers
running from Marcus, on Spokane Falls,
and up the San Poll Valley, across the
international boundary into Canada and
thence southward , to Republic This
makes the line over twice as long as the
air-line distance between Marcus and Re
public.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Work Done Secretly in the
Northwest on New Short
Line. :
Canadian Pacific and the
Great Northern in
Rivalry.
RAILROAD RAGE
FOR THE MINES
.Only three more. pennant matches ', now
remain '• to ' be > played, these being Pacific
versus Sacramento, ito-day ; • Alameda ; ver
sus Pacific/ on, September. 29, and Alameda
versus Sacramento,; von- October 6." -The
Alameda team is . now so >. far in ; the lead
that it ' is sure of • capturing the , Brown
pennant tor -1901, with: Santa Cruz second
and the Pacifies thir<i , -~ ' '
The second pennant match (between the
Sacramento and the Pacific cricket
will be played Sunday on the Alameda
ground. The Pacific eleven will be the
following: H. C. Casidy (captain), Harold
B. Richardson, E. T. Langdale, J. J. Theo
bald. P. Miller. W. Henderson, W. Pethe
rlck, F. Bennlon, A. W. Wilding, C. P.
Coles "and John Myers. The Sacramento
team will be' made, up about as follows:
H. R. Elliott, H. G. Macartney, H. F. El
liott, A- T. Pardoe, W. Evason, J. M.
Kerr, L. W. Robitaille; F. K. Barkworth.
A. Reynolds and E. F. Ash worth. Play
will be called at 11:30. .
The Pacific Cricket Club beat the Santa
Cruz eleven decisively last Sunday at San
ta Cruz, winning by the ample margin of
107 runs. Santa Cruz went to the wickets
first, but few of : the batsmen made any
serious stand against the bowling of
Richardson and Casidy, the former of
whom took five wickets and the latter
three. Bennion and Sollem captured one
wicket apiece. H. Bowley was top scorer,
with 35, while Jenkins and Sloman com
piledlO each. John Myers did great exe
cution behind the wickets, catching two
and stumping two. Richardson's bowling
average for' the five wickets, taken by
him was five runs, | and [ Casidy's for three
wickets was five and two-thirds runs. The
Santa Cruz innings closed for 84 runs, ten
of which were extras., Myers and Casidy
opened the Inning, for the visitors, : the
former scoring 14 and the latter- hitting
about freely ; till < he : had ; compiled 87 runs.
Richardson contributed - 19, . Petherick. 21
and John .Theobald' 14. : The Pacific total
amounted : to ; 193 runs.- .-. Dickson, . Bowley,
Jenkins, Coope' and Fortescue :aHtried
their, hand with, the ball, Dickson captur
ing four 'wickets; Fortescue three, Coope
two and Jenkins one. \. /"- , :,
With the Cricketers.
.There has been much discussion among
enthusiasts as to whether, Cornish, cen
ter oh last year's team, will appear this
year or not. ¦ The general impression that
Cornish has played the four years allowed
to an intercollegiate athlete is wrong,
but there is no assurance that the stal
wart center ' rush will register as a post
graduate-and play the last allotted year.
His .acceptance -of a mining -position* In
Lower California destroys all -hope for
such good fortune for California. ,
Another disappointment that California
has to bear is the loss of Smith, the
crack, half back and captain of this year's
team.'. Should; Smith: enter any of the
affiliated colleges ;of the University of
California he will enter under the condi
tion that he shall not play in this year's
game. . - - - , - * ••'
This will leave a vacancy for the cap
taincy . and It Is said among the knowing
ones that "Reck"-.Womble will not accept
It. Therefore -the most likely and most
suitable man for the position will - be
"Dobe"- Clay, the crack guard of last
year's team, who was ruled out of. the
game on- Thanksgiving; day.
Another : vacancy - caused through the
graauatlon of Captain Pringle will have
to be filled. . : - ¦ ¦ '
iThisleaves vacancies .for the, center
position; for one of ' the tackles and for
the halfback positions. Among the most
likely men to fill the gaps are Dutlin and
Gendotti for ; the center position, Whipple
and Sherman for the halves and O'Toole
for tackle/ " ¦-?.:¦"¦-" -
-But little is known, of the freshman ma
terial that has just' entered, -but among
the best are: Volz-and Saeltzer, backs,
and De Merrltt, end of the Berkeley High
School; Pringle. -.guard; ; Hatch and
Stroud.i tackles, . and v Coombs, . half of
Boone's; Stines and • Lewitt. , ends, and
Craig, tackle of -Lowell; Graves, half of
Polytechnic; Kelsey; of Lick;
Grantson,; end ! of "San Diego High; Sav
age, l half from Vallejo:; Howard, *half of
Oakland High : School, , and Risley, half of
Fresno High. v* Geary, quarter from the
University of '.Washington," Is . among : the
babies ' and -. Payne ' of the University- of
Oregon will probably enter. .
In all.the -hopes : of: California are high
and her/ prospects seem excellent. ;: ; > :
For the first practice I of the season,
which will be on September 1, California
will put on the field a team stronger in
dividually .than - the famous one of ", '99.
Among those of last year's team that
have- returned to college are Overall.
Stowe, Albertson, Clay. Womble, Hud
son. More and Braley. • ; •¦*¦¦'
On the Gridiron.
GRAND HOTEL.
L H Palmer. Ks City
C H Campbell. Stocktn
M D Duffy. Lodi
E B Waterman, Cal
R H Snyder, Los Ang
D L Withlngton. S Dgo
T E Perkins, N Y
E R Smith, Los Ang
F G Athearn & w, L A
J W Montgomery, Cal
H D Hower, Spokane
W Schermerhorn & w,
Los Aneeles
Mrs E J Eastland, Tex
F A Dorn, S L Obis>;>o
C W Henderson, Wash
J J Murray, Keswlck
M A Larkin, Troy N Y
T W Phelps, Los Ang
Miss L F Barlow. N Y
J H Gardiner, Cal '
J C Campbell, Sn Joss
G S Waterman, Bksfld
Nelson Degon, Chicago
N M Dibble, Wall Wla
Boyd Smith, Fresno
J J Jones, _ Seattle
Mrs W G Hammond &
dau, St : Louis 1
H Stusnizka & w. Mo
Mrs K D Wise,' Los A
O P Allen & W. Seattie
C F Henking. San Dgo
Miss.F Henking, S Dg
Miss S Henking. S.Dg
Mrs M Morris, Wdlnd
Miss J Morris, WdlnJ
Miss A Morris, Wdlnd
C W Eastern, Modesto
A J Gastren, Los Ang
Mrs G E Son, Dawson
R C Berry, Wheatlnd
Miss C Boyd. Cal
J A McQuins, Vallaio
Kathlyn Kennedy, \*ljo
John Hunton, Grs Vlly
Miss C S Hountoon,
Grass Valley •
Mrs O E Bryant. L A
Miss H Bryant. L A
Miss E Bryant, L A
H S Morse, San Jose
Dr H G Bayless. L A
W M Gottschalk, Wis
Mrs S Runyon. Crtlnd
W R Taylor. New Cstl
Mrs Miller, Eureka
A L Dudley, Tacoma
E Winsby &. Bister,
Salt Lake
H H Jastro, Bkrsneld
R Lindsey & w. Los A
H H Talmstock. Ill
W L Scott, Los Ang
AS Brown, Oakland
J Rogers. Cal
E H Snow, Maxwell
D W Juinice & w.
Salt Lake City.
J Watson & w, . S Jose
S PFlelsheim, Stocktn
PALACE HOTEL.
C Weir, Los Ang ¦¦-'.'..
AH Koehig, Los /Ang
B F Brooks, Bakersfld
W W Baker, Wash
Miss E V Jones. Wash
J S McDaniels, Mo
G I Lufkln, St Louis
W Davenport. N Y
E Everhardt. Oakland
Dr M J Halloran. Mass
F M Dudgreon, Pa
A H MacFarland. Cal
F G Mayer, N Y
T J Fisher & w. Colo
C L Jaeger, Cal
Mrs C Elvlnn, S Diego
Miss L Elvlnn. S Dleg
Miss A Elvinn, S Dieg
H J Small. Sacto
W R Ormsby, Sacto-
O L Sutherland, N Y
P P Chase, Boston
A E Chase. Boston ;
C H Shlra, N Y
Mrs Masscngale, Ga
Mrs St J Moore, Ga
W L Boyce, Ga >
U W Hugus & w. Cal
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
New ' Yorks Put Up Some Very
Bagged Ball and t_e Brookly i is .
% Win Easily. |
'AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 22.— The score:
Detroit". 0 -^.^W 2
Philadelphia 1 10 0
Batteries— Miller and Shaw; Bernhardt and
Powers. ~-_-vJ-V : . l"Wl'/ _."'/ .;,,.;.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 22. — The score:.".
-' / ' • R. H. j E.
Baltimore 6 14 .3
Chicago 6 '18 0
Batteries— Ho well and Robinson; Patterson
and Sullivan.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— The score: *
R. H. E.
Washington 4 9 4
Milwaukee 3.9 4
Batteries — Lee and Clarke; Rusting and Ma
loney.
. BOSTON, Aug. 22.-J-The score:
R. H. K.
Boston .'.... 4 5 7
Cleveland 3 11 2
Batteries— Winters and Schreck; Moore and
Connor.
...,>-. NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 22.— The score:.
New York 1 5 7
Brooklyn 7 6 2
Batteries— Hickman and Smith; Newton and
Farrell. Umpire — Emslie.
•ST. LOUIS. Auk. 22.— The score:
R. ' H. B.
Pittsburg 4 11. 2
St. Louis ". ."3 -10 -1
Batteries— Phllippl and Zimmer; Harper and
Ryan. . Umpires — O'Day and Brown.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 22.— The score:
¦:'^l- R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 ' 9 ' ¦.";.' 1
Chicago : 3 6' 2
. Batteries — Hahn and Peltz; Eason, Tayfor and
Kfthoe. Umpire— Behle.
BOSTON, Aug. 22.— The score:
R. H. E.
Boston 5 14 'i3
Philadelphia ; 4 8 2
Batteries— Pittlnger and Klttredge; Orth and
Jacklltsch. Umpire— Dwyer.
SLUGGING GAME BETWEEN . >
BAILTIMOBE AND CHICAGO
S. Rademacher (owner) with same contractor,
architect same — All work except same for same
style of building on S line of McAllister street,
182:6 E of Pierce, E 25 by S 137:6, Western Ad
dition block 3S0; $6715. - . ¦
Adele P. Soher (owner) with ¦ J. H. Munster
(contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorfter — All
work except plumbing, gas : fitting, tiling,
painting.' electrical ¦ work, mantels, gas fixtures
and shades for a three-story. . basement and
attic frame structure (3 flats) on S line of Mc-
Allister street, 157:6 E of Pierce. E 25 by S
137:6. Western Addition block 380; $6909.
Frank J. Fuller (owner) with William Plant
(contractor), plans by owner— All work except
painting, ' iron fencing, i gates, rails, electric
work, shades, mantels and pas fixtures for a
one-story » frame cottage " with * TTnished attic
and partly finished basement on N line of
Seventeenth street, 105 E of Noe, E 25 by N
91:6: J21C0. -
Builders' Contracts.
Patrick J. - Fitzsimmons (administrator es
tate of Mary Fitzsimmons) to Charles Pratt,
lots 10. 11, 38, 39 and 40, block 11, People's
Homestead Tract A; $150.
Patrick J. Fitzsimmons to Charles F. Fitz
simmons, same; $5.
Charles F. Fitzsimmons to 'H. F< Blanchet
Jr., same: $10. . •--•
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Mary
E. Arnold (wife of Daniel), lots 9 to 11, 38 to
40, block 11, same; $10.
Charles E. Dugan to Lydia . Dugan, lot 10,
block B, Spreekels subdivision Park Homestead
Hill No. 2; gift. .
American Bonding and Trust Company of Bal
timore to Johan B. and Ellen P. Relte, 1873 D.
282, lot on SE corner of .Powhattan and Boise
streets, E 25 by S 95; also lot on S line of
Powhattan street, 25 B of Boise. E 25 by S 95;
also lot 14, block A, Park Hill Homestead No.
2; also lot on SE corner of Filbert and Pierce
streets. E 82:6 by S 60; except as to lot released
September 20. 1900. E Pierce. 36 S Filbert, S 2S
by E 82:6, reconveyance deed; $1.
Frederick 6. Harvey to Georglana B. Har
vey, lot on E line of Shotwell street, 172 S of
Seventeenth, S 50 by E 122:6; gift.
Georgiana E. Harvey (widow) to Emll and
Madeline Miller, same; $10. -
Real Estate and Development Company to
James and Katherine F. Dixon, lot on NW
corner of Eighteenth (Solano) and Missouri
streets, N 50 by W 100; grant. •
Potrero Land Improvement Company to Cas
sius K. Lamburth, lot on E line of Minnesota
street, 95 S of Twenty-second (Sierra), S 50
by E 100; grant.
C. H. Reynolds to John B. Farlsh, lot on NW
corner of Thirty-ninth avenue and C street, N
58 SW 75 E 40:2; also lot on E'llne of Forty
flfth avenue, 54:5 N of D street, N 139:4, SE 33:7,
SW 135:9; also lot on N line of Sixth avenue,
250 N of M street, W 50 by N 100, block 96,
Central Park Homestead; $10.,
Frank P. and Mayella Do© to Bartlett Doe,
lot on E line of Laguna street, 74 N of Cali
fornia. B 85:7& N 15. B 17:6. N 43:6, W 103:1%,
S 68:6; $10. ' ,. .--..¦ ,
Johan B. and Ellen P. Relta to "William J.
Gunn, lot on SB corner of Filbert and Pierce
streets, E 82: 6. by S 36;. $1300. . • •¦
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Free-for-all trot, purse $2500— Cresceus, ch.,
Robert McGregor-Mabel, by Mambrino Howard
(Ketcham), I, 1; Lord Derby, b. g.. by Mam
brino King (Geers). 2, 2; Charley Herr, b. h.
(Cahill).. distanced. I Time by quarters: First
heat— :31%, l:04>4, 1:36%, 2:07>4. Second heat—
:31%, 1:04%. 1:36%. 2:06. The time for the mile
is a track record. Last quarter in :29%. fastest
last quarter In public trotting exhibition.
2:12 class trot/ purse $1500— All Right won the
second and third heats in 2:09V4. 2:11%. Polly
Bidwell won the first heat in 2:10%. Neva
Simmons, Confessor, Palm Leaf, Phoebe On
ward, Senator L and Sue also started.
2:07 class pace, purse $1500- t Riley B won the
second, third and fourth heats ln:2:07%. 2:08%,
2:10. Major Muscovite won the first heat in
2:09%. Mazette, Art. Alco, Eyelet and Joe
Pilot also started.
2:14 class pace, $3000 — Dan Patch won three
straight heats in 2:07%. 2:08M. 2:10%.. Council
Chimes.- Laconda, Jack Harding and Armorel
also started. . '
2:25 pace, purse $10,000 (concluded) — Frasier
won three straight heats in 2:12%, 2:14, 2:11%.
The Grazer, Tom Me, Dandy C, Reed Patchen,
St. Patrick and Fred H also started.
I In the second heat- Cresceus drew away
from Lord Derby until, at the half, he
was two lengths to the good. At the
three-quarters, however, Lord Derby had
his nose at Cresceus' wheel and a little
later he was actually ahead of Cresceus,
but at that moment he broke, and it was
all over. Ketcham drove home, creating
the. new last quarter record. The mile
was in 2:06. Summary: :;
Something of the interest was removed
from the free-fcr-all trot when Charley
Herr was distanced in the first heat, thus
leaving the affair to Cresceus and Lord
Derby.'. All of the horses received a cor
dial greeting at the scoring, and when
they went off in' the first heat Charley
Herr had the pole, with Lord Derby be
side him and Cresceus on the outside. At
the quarter the pole belonged to Cres
ceus, for Charley Herr had gone up in the
air, and at the half Cresceus was- about
two lengths in front. At the three-quar
ters Lord Derby was breathing into
Ketcham's back. The Cahill horse was
far back and out of the race. Coming
home Cresceus came in ahead by half a
length. The time was 2:07^.
The accomplishment of to-day was the
fastest quarter of all kinds, for both Peter
the preat and Tommy Brltton did • the
second quarter* of a heat at Lexington,
Ky., several years ago In :29V£.
READVILLE, Mass.. Aug. 22.— The cel
ebrated Cresceus was the magnet to-day
that drew almost 15,000 people to 1 the
Grand Circuit ¦ meeting here. As a sort
of recognition ¦ of the favors shown him
in the wav of applause when he ap
peared upon the track the. chestnut horse
proceeded, in the second- heat of his race
with Lord Derby and- Charley Herr, • to
lower the track record by three-quarters
of a second and to break the world's rec
ord of final quarters by trotting the dis
tance in :29%. By this latter perform
ance Cresceus lowered the record of 30
seconds which he himself made" at De
troit about a month ago, when he went
the mile in 2:05. =
Makes Fastest Last Quarter
in Public Trotting Exr
hibition.
Beats Time Made by
Himself a Month Ago
I : at Detroit. : ;£
GAME CRESCEUS
LOWERS RECORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1901.
11
(DTriends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 25, at 1:30 o'clock, frorrf her late resi-
dence. 421 Grove street. Interment I. O. O.
. F. Cemetery. , " ' '
SCHUTT— In this city, August 22. 1901, Au-
gusta, beloved wife of Henry Schutt, mother
of Freado, Helen. Henry and Baby Schutt.
daughter of Jurgon and Rebecca Schroeder,
and Bister of Mrs. George Gieger, Mrs. Fred
Dettermering,- Mrs. . Anderson Tanzer, Mrs.
Jurgon Schroeder Jr. and Rudolph and Wil-
liam -Schroeder, a native of Germany, aged
. 85 years and 6 months.
[C^Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
August 25, at 1 o'clock., from her late resi-
dence, 1202 Pacific street! Interment Cypress
Lawn. Cemetery, by carriage.
SMITH— In this city, August 21. 1901, Harvey
- Lyman, beloved • husband . of : • Mary Jane
Smith, and father of Perry J., Franklin R..
Wllliem H., Fred L. and Jessie W. Smith,
Mrs. Alonzo Osgood and Mrs. Martin John-
' son, .a native* of Vermont,' aged SI years 3
'• months and 4 days. . ¦ - : .
tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from' the mortuary
chopel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany,- 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment private, 'I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TOBIN— In this city, August 21. 1901. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Joseph Tobin, mother
of Mamie, Joseph, Willie, Irene, Frankie,
Eddie and Petle Tobin, beloved daughter of
Mary Gorman, and ¦ sister of Mrs. P. Water-
doll. a native of San Francisco, aeed, 31
years 4 months and 20 days.
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 5 Kate street, oft Bryant, between
• Seventh- ana Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for 'services. Interment. Holy Cross
Cemetery. ,.-v-^ ;^: : - - •,)¦;:¦
TOXNESJ3N'-In this city. August 22, 1901,
Cecilia T. C. Tonnesen, beloved wife of H.
M. Tonnesen. a native of Norway, aged 47
years 10 months and 17 days. -
WHITE^In Everett, Wash., August 20, 1901,
Emma Anita, dearly beloved daughter of
Charles H. and Emma L. White, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 1 month and 3
days. ¦ - • ¦ ,. ' • •
|E7"Funeral notice later. !
August 25, 1901, ' at ; 2 ' o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, northwest corner of. ¦ Montgomery and
Post streets, : where the services will be held,
under the auspices of Crockett Lodse No.
139. F. and A. M. , Interment. Masonic Ceme.-
" tery. . ' • ' . -' ¦• ¦ . • ¦ . '.--i.:
SCHRF.FELD— In this city, August 21, 1901
Christina Schrefeid; beloved wife of the late
Oswald Schrefeid, mother -of the late Bertha
Schrefeid and of Mrs. Emma ". Crimmins,
grandmother of Naomi Crimmins, and sister
of Mrs. Lena Schrouder and Mrs.' M. Stahl,
a native of Germany, aged 64 years 3 months
and IS day3. rt . : . ..,.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
7r»Jaa l«utv« itn<l mrm t*nm to nrrl *• i»t
NAM FKAN(!IN<!O.
(Main Line. Foot of M-Mket Street.)
UiTI — FBOU JUI.T 14. 1301. — ASRITV
~:OOa Benldm, Sulsun, JLImira and 8acr»-
meuto. 0:23p
7:OOa VioiTiUe, WUttri,Bnni»oT.. ....... Ti&Sr
¦ « i3»a If •rtlnbz, Sau lUmen, V allejo. >'» pa,
Calistot* amlSauU Itoea... 6:23r
8:OOa Dtvis, Woodland. Knlgata Landing.
MarjsTille. orotii'.e.. " 7:33r
8:OO% Atlantic Kx press— Ogden acd Sail lS:33r
»i«<»* Niles, Lathrop, S«oc*ton «t3»f ¦
StOOAMles. Mendota. Hanford. VisaUn. ¦ >¦
PGrtftrrillo ¦ 4s33»
•:»Ua Shasta Express— Darts, Williams (for
_ Bartlett SpringaX Willows. Red
I Bluff. Po«i»mi.. 7«»3»
• jBtu San Joie. Lfrermore, Stockton.
lone. £acraiuento. PUerrtUla,
. M»ry»fllte. Chtco, ltwl tlliifr 4sS3r
•*•* Oakdale. Chinese (Yuem lie). So-
nora. Cartaca 4:23p
»iOO» Ha— rard. Miln and *? »j Stations.. • I «oa*
•>0<U Vallejo I2t23r
•>«Oa Los Angeles Express— Mat Umax.
-V, r Tracr. Lattirop. rtioektou. alerovd
Fraano and I>oe Afoies .......... 7:SS»
«il*t Vallcjo. nf artlnas amt W my Station* 7s33p
IOiUOA Tho Orerlaml Limited— Ogdsu. D«o-
fer, Omaha, Chicago •.•¦I3i>
Tl:O0p Saorameiit.. Kif er .St B »nier« t<1i««A
S:3l>p Hajward, Nllra and Way Ktatloni.. 7:53f
4>o»r Benicta. Winters. Hactamento.
Wootlland. K..inhU l-«mli.i«.
Ma— siille. OruvUte I9.-33*
4i00r MarUuaz, Han lUmou, Vallejo,
N»pa. Oallntoica. Mania Rout «i*."».\
«tOOr Nllo*. Liiennore. Stotkton. Lodi... l*i»3r
««a«»r Hajn rard. Nile*. Mail Jose. lJ»traioro t»'*-"*»
4iS»r fort Cos a. Tracy. La* tiro p. gf-cktoa H»ia3*.
SiUtfr Tbe Owl Mint ted— Fresno, TuUro,
BaJcenfielit. S«ngua for Santa Bu-
burs, Loa AuReles 1:33*
SiOOp Martinr*. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresuo 1*:S9»
»sO«p Tosemlte lS»sa#
•>3ttp New Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresco. BakersBed. Loa Aneei«BV
Ifcmlns. El Paso. Kew Oimmm
and East Ttfl>*
•iflOp Barward. Nile* and San Joa» 7.M»
•etOOr V«i:»).f... A • 1:*»*
•i«op Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cbfjenno,
Omaha. Chicago I3:S3f
•rOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denier. *•¦
St. LouU. t;hi(M«o. *•»*#
' 7t«0)r Oregon aod Uallfurui* K*i>r»M.Mae- ':¦'..,
nuneuto. Marj«»ll!«. IC«<l<llii(.
t'ortlnmi, r»<«t Hound Slid Kail 8l33&
•••3pS»o Pablo, r\>rt Costa, aiftrtinea
- ami Wai BUtious 1 1 >S3a
_ t»»O»P Vallnl" 7»aa»
COAST LINE <N«rre.«T Uange).
(Foot of Market Strew*.) __I
. $?i43a Saata Cms Excursion to daata Crni
' and Principal Waj Stations 19iO3v
• ¦13a Newark. Outor?tlle..Saii.loio, Prltoo.
' Boulder Crrek. Santa Crux »nd Waj>
Stations O.3»»
t**l>t New»rk Outer? ilia, Sau Jose, Now
. . Almadeo. Foltou, llonliler Creek.
| Santa Crui and l'rtiiclyal Wa»
8ta Uoua ¦•t(l»*
«iI9p Newark. Han Jose. Loa Gatoa t*:"*»*
««U»p Qlcnwqod.BonldeT Creek. 8ant»Cnrs >»t3OA
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ton Sil msCISCO-FMi of Kukil Strut (Slip »—
11:15 940 U:00».U. 1:03 3:09 S-IS^.H.
frtmOilUsa— Fi.l .f St«»J««j.— 1«:00 1S;OO tSM
10;00*.M. 12:00 g:QQ t:C3r.M.
COAST LINE (Rroail (iange).
(ThlrJ mid Townw»«> Sta.)
O:l»* Sad Jo*»and W»j Mtatiotu.. ........ *»;••»*
17:0Oa Kan Jom ami Waj SUtloiis... !•¦•*
/7i««»a Ne» Almadsii. f UIOW
17iSOa Sunday Excursion for Baa Jcml . - •
Bante Crux. P*ciflo Grota and
Principe Way Stations. I»iaO»
M«ARau Jom. Hoiliater. H.uU Crux.
Paoilio Orote. Halloas, elan Lnia
Obtepo, 8aaU Barber*, and Prin.
dpai IntarmedUte MUtloiia 7i80v
1««SOa Ban Jom aud Way Stations.......... 6;30v
: IIDIWA Hau Jose ami War H—tf»na »«»••
««<¦«»» Ban SlatBo. Kodwood. UodIo Park.
Pain Alto, flaata Clara, San Jiiee^
HoIUg'.er, Santa <.'ruz. Sailnaa.
Jiouteref ami PaelSe <JrnT 9 il«i43»
BiS*r San Jose. Traa Pinos. Santa Cruz,
Pariflo Gro— t and Way HtaUoua 4:1"P
MtlBr 8»a Joaeaixl Principal War Stations »:43*
fSrOOpBan Jose, Los Gatoa aud Principal
Way Stations t»:OO*
Bi8«p flan Jose and Principal Way Stations ft:30«
•¦•Or Redwood. Han Josa, Gilrcy, Salinaa,
Saute Barbara. Loa ADgeles I«x«3*
•>3Op8an Joaeaud WayMtatioua t"s"«»a
«II|4»P San Joaa ami Way Htationa ?»3O>
A for Morning. Pfot Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. J Suudar only.
« Saturday only. . a Mondiy.
• Baturdajr ani Snnday. /Taeadays and Fd.Jaju.
CALIFOMIi H0RTH1E5TEM RI. Ca
LESSEE
SAM FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIHS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburcn Perry. Foot of MarKot Si
San Francisco to San Kafasl. •
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9 ;0O." 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.'
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra Uip
at 11:30 p. m." Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30
and 11:30 p. m. „
• SUNDAYS-8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m u; 1:30. 3 JO.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
* o'an Rai'a:^ to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:30^ 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:35
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect ! . Arrive
8an Francisco. [April 23. 1901. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I " I Sun- | "Week
Days. I day a. [ Destination. . day 3. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, |10:40am 8.40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 1 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am "Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburgf, 10:40 am ¦'},:.:.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmj 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm( 6:20 pra
7:30 am] 110:40 amllO:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pml 5:00 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am] Sonoma. 1 9:15 ami 8:40 am
I and ¦ I .
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 Ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulohur Springs: at Fultoa
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Spring: it
Geyserville for Skagzs Springs: at Cloverdal*
for tbe Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Borings. Highland Springs. KelseyvJHe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierlay*s, Bucknell'a.
Sanhedrin Heisrhts. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port Usal, Willlts, Laytonville Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
dt (^ Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket offlce. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
building.'
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manuager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HQBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
\ Via Sausallto Parry.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.. '
12-45 M-45. 3:15. 4:13. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and . San
Ra'fael" on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *3:00. •10:00, 11:00. 11:30
am 12:45, «l:30, 2:30. *3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p! m. 11:00 a. ro , does not run to San Rafael
Trains* marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:33. 10:18
a m.. »12:25. 1:15. 2:20. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays,. Wednesda?*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. ?8:00. 9:45. ni:0O a. m.. «U
m.. 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. *i:*5. 6:45. 7:30.10:19
P T«ilns marked. (•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-75:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:43." 2:45. 3:50. S:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15,
1-20 '-30 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:S3 p. xn.
' ' THROUGH TRAINS. -
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. •¦-.¦". " ~
- 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. ra. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
*- 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero ant! way sta-
tions.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way ata-
tions. . ¦ '
' • ' * :
MOUNT TAM«\LPAIS RAILWAY
¦ • TU SaaMlli* tmj—tm, tt MarkM 9t [
™ $ _¦ i ::.v.wctk days. ... j *f| i j_
8«0a. u.) f 12:15 p. u.
9*0 a.m. . 1:15 f. M.
10*0 a. M. I SUNDAYS • " 1 S3 ° *• **•
120P.M. ;¦ 840F.M.
230 P. M.J - I 7:10 P. m.
«1a»— ifc hn. Saa Pr— «(aw I* hontt aad «Mmi». tl.M -' —
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SactalitoPg— -.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
Si per Year.
.RAILWAY TRAVEL. . ;
Santa Fe Trains
. Leave Market-strest Ferry Depot.
"7^ TLocaT Lim'd | Ovrfd Local
Dally • Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9;00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:03 a 10:50 p
. "Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a ........
" Bakrsfield 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ;
" Kan City ........ 2:40 a 7:30 a ...,...;
" Chicago. -|. I 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning/ p for afternoon.
•9 a. ¦;• m. train Is y the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only.,
carrying. Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. . ' Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. xn. Tuesday, and
Friday. ~ i|rt* l ''IT l **JilH W'l "' mljj*»«'i jw
-4:20 p. m. is Stockton and -Fresno local.
Corresponding. train arrives at 12:50 p. , m.
daily.- ..-. - -
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through • Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
'Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper,' which cuts out at Fresno.
- Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily. , ¦ -
• 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
: all ¦ points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding, train arrives at 8:40 a. m.' dally. .".
Offices; — 641 Market .' street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway, Oak-
* land.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABlfT STl ".Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wenrlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnreswhen
others fail.. Try him. Charges low.
Cnrr* —tarantef d. Callorwrita
Dr. J. JF- AIOSOK a San Francisco. CaL _
, ¦_ - OIL.
Ai'.. tanks, eecond-hand. In good order; all
' « tos: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 MlMlon »t
PALMISTRY. *
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading; lessons riven. 617 Jones st. ;
I'AI.VTERS AND DECORATORS.
liooms papered. $3 50 up; tinting & whitening.
Hattmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Red 352L
PERSONALS^
WASTED — Information as to whereabouts of
one MRS. SAXTON. In 1S32 and 1893 lived
in Sierra County. Cal.. near La Porte. Later
heard of at Vacaviile. Cal. Will learn of
EoirPthlTiir to her advantage by addressing
It- H. . KING DON. box 2T5. Berkeley. Cal.
ttfW your hair is falling or you are bald, call
d DR. G. S. MOORE. 232 O'Farrell St.. and
Ml will not be disappointed: this remedy is
Je^ltlvely guaranteed; preparation sent to all
tarts of the wcr!d: call or send for circular.
NOTICE Is hereby given that I will not be re-
sponsible for ary debts contracted by my
vrtfe efter this date. August 21. JOHN F.
SMITH.
tn 50— SOLID csk bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid cak chair: factory price.
S2— Enamel beds, all Elzes. Tel. Folsom 1328
Sea— -y'g Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light 5n every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third ft., near Market: 700 rooms;
?5c to Jl SO per Right; Jl M to J6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLT- Suits to order trom genuine
Scotch. J15 up; fine dress eults $20 up- ele-
rant overcoats. J15 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE trial— Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless: lady in at-
tendance. S35 Market, r. 5; sample mailed, 25c.
WHITE enamel Iron bed?. Flngle. three-quarter
or double. S2 15. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ilADY Fpeciallst— Face and scalp; treat ladies
"*-*t their homes. Box 4SS8. Call offlce.
FACE massage. 50c; a new and scientific treat-
ment; done at 121 Mason st. F. ,A- ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTES French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; ;5c; all druggists.'
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; tl: at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
€lectric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE Fuits. $7 50; dress paTitc. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PIIYSICI/I.XS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
lCri'.i Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
t—t 1 .— onlais at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.: s»e testimonials at office.
PLAXIXG AXD TURMXG MILLS. ,
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planins:. Shaping
ard Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
IS5C0— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
runny 10-room residence; substantially built,
fin '.shed by day work; every possible latest
Impts.; heaters, registers. C basins; plate and
art elass windows; marine and park view:
choicest of any near panhandle: larjre lot.
J6:6xS3xl00: Fulton Et.. near Shrader: Hayes
or McAllister car*: open from 1 to 5 p. m.
OWNERS of property or lo« north of Vailejo
_ *nd west of Hyue as far as Presidio and in
-^ Elchmond, north of Park, and Mission and
i Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUNN. 539 California St.. S. F. Sav-
ings TTnion buildins.
BIX. ffvre and eight room cottages; also two
fiat houses in block between 17th. 18th, Castro
and Noe sts. ; *4 cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
6ON. builder.
FOR Sale — Elegant new cottage. 5 rc-qms and
bath: modern improvpn lents: large lot; on 27th
Ft., near Guerrero. Inquire on premises.
TTVO building lots for sale at a sacrifice; must
have money. G. tV. S.. bog ZS22. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — COCXTRY — For Sale
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Fmall tracts. $60 to $30 per acre, on Ranchp
CotaH. Sonoma Co. : future value, assured, as"
Ban Francisco Is erowing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming.' Apply
to The Cotati Co.. SQ2 California et.. for pam-
phlets or information.
HOMESTEAD. 160 acres of rood land: all ex-
penses. 173, at 1563 Seventh St., Oakland.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. PeUluma. Cal.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
Vfoorter. Whitton & Montiromery. 634 Market.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA. REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquited by foreclosure: cash. Bank of Ala-
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Choice Berkeley Property.
J" T>o not fail to attend the — )eclal Bale of resl-
fc«3ce property in Berkeley on
» SATURDAY Afternoon, 3 o'clock sharp.
August 24, 19CL
On — the — Premises. ¦ - •
An opportunity of a lifetime to secure pretty
•rell-bullt cottages at your own price There
lire also 50 fine building lots. -. . •'•
This property has never been offered for Bale
before. 1 ; ••,¦-*-¦»..¦ j»»«'-;
Title absolutely perfect. Terms very easy.
Berkeley, the University City of Homes.
Take 2 o'clock boat and train to Dwlght 'Way
ptatloa.
Property lies between Ward and Derby
etre«ts and Fhatuck and Telegraph avenues.
Get a catalogue of
EASTON. ELDIUDGE *- CO..
€38 Market Et.. S. F..
or 2523 Shattuck ave,. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOMES FOR SALE.
A nice- 5-room cottage, near cars. $2230.
Also a — jod 6-room cottage, near cars and
University. J2€00.
Bournt on easy terms; a flrst-class 7-roon»
house; new; In choice location; $3750.
MAY & MORTIMER.
. 2123 Center ft.. Berkeley. Cal.
FRPITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVAXE REAL ESTATE. -
5100V-5-ROOM house: stable: chlclcen-houses:
fruit trees; corner: 50x140; nice place. Call at
314 Sutter et.. h-at store.
FRL'ITVALB FCIiXISHCn HOUSES.
AN unparalleled opportunity; Fruitvaie. cor.
Wjlson ave. and Hopkins et. : two blocks from
K two etreet cars and public school ; completely
V furnished cottage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-
house, pigeon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds;
200x130 feet: with fruit orchard; 20 minutes
from Oakland or one hour from S. F. : S2S a
month. Apply J. R. FREED. Mills building.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATE.
1100 DOWN, total only $1000; monthly pay-
ments; liberal discount for all cash; 2-story
house of 1 rooms and hath; barn and drive-
way; near 6an Pablo ave.
ti&wC-ln Piedmont;* modern Eastlak* cot-
tage 5 Urge rooms; 2 bay bath,
laundry, high basement; lot 50x110; sunny
elde- elevated ground; choice location; right
near the cars; will be cold on monthly pay-
roeRtS " d G to!V AUSTIN & CO..
The Oakland House Renters.
Exclusive Agents for This Property,
1008 Broadway, near Tenth et., Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
. REAL SNAPS.
Call und See Tbese Fine New Houses.
$2250— New home cf 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
Just completed; close In town.
$4000— New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
cold; fine location.
$4M0— New house i rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street.
Also a number of ne™ homes In course of con-
struct Ion.
A. J. ENYDER, -
4«7 Ninth ft.. Oakland.
HOTTEES of every description and price for
. ea!e or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD.
¦r'TI* Broadway: telephone Main 10. *~ ''¦•-
OAKLAND FCRMTIRE KOH SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H." Schellhaas, the
'••rniture dealer. 11th and Franklin,- Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP. 552— Unfurnished, sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable,
UEVISADERO, 1311V^3 or 4 handsomely sun-
ny furnished rooms for housekeeping; bath.
EDDT, 933—4 unfurnished sunny rooms; pri-
vate residence; no children; fine location.
EIGHTH, 223—3 lovely sunny rooms for house-
keeplng; water; yard; $10.
FOLSOM, S3! — Large eunny bay-window room
and kitchen; bath; everything private; $3 wk.
FOURTH. 225— Nice large housekeeping room:
also single. -;-¦- J
FULTON, 671 — 2 furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; private entrance; rent $9.
FULTON. 1206. nr. Scott-3 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rms.; bath; laundry; reference.
GO UGH, 115— New eunny room, $3 per month;
folding bed. gas, 'phone, hot bath any time;
no children. m
GUERRERO 1154 near Twenty-fourth— Sunny
furnished front room; kitchen; reasonable.
HOWARD. 761'^— Bay-window suite, man and
wife; kitchen; others; sunny; reasonable.
HYDE. 408— Sunny front alcove suite complete
for housekeeping; front basement suite. 31a.
LARKIN, 247— Nice sunny suite, front room,
l.tchen; complete for housekeeping; gas stove;
running water. '_
NINTH. 155— Floor 3 sunny furnished house-
kecplng rooms; bath; no pother roomers; 320.
O'FARRELL, 573— Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms. -- .--¦¦¦ 'W
POLK 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SIXTH. 216— Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: also single; rent reasonable.
TURK. 625— Solar flats; fine; new; Chicago
etyle: 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; Janitor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore st.
ROOMS TO LUT— Kuril, and Dnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to (I per night ; |l 25 to fa per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New." elegant, sunny:
grill attached: country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAHister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated: 25c to 75c. $1 to S3 week. '«>-;',
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— FuT
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 239— Two eunny unfurnished; al&o
fur. parlor suite and single room; piano; pri-
vate family.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
EUites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
Et,. near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished: strictly first-class;
Me per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD, 1018. bet. *Sixth and Seventh— Nicely
furnished rooms, with gas: suites and single
and housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable.
LARKIN, 247— Nice punny furnished ' rooms
double, single; running water: gas.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. 12 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms for
hkpg.; $10; also rocms for transient; baths.
MARKET. 1S02 — Modern house; furniture new;
eras gTates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms. $10 up.
MASON. 107 — Large, nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. SII14— Two single furnished rooms,
. large and sunny: $5 and $7.
OCTAVTA. 14C3, cor. Geary — Furnished bay
window room; sun all day; double bed; $10.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: eiec. lights; day. week. mo.
O'FARRELL. 332 — Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, .en suite and single; J10 up; bath; ref.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
. readinc-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl 50; week. $2 to
$S; month. $S to $20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 45 — Nice large rooms. $1 per week
up and 25c and 50c night; gas; running water.
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.: run. water; baths: phone; cheap.
SUTTER. 309 — Changed hands; rooms $1 00 a
week up.
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny-Elegant mites;
single rooms: running water: transient.
THE CECILENE. 830 Van Ne«s ave.
Bachelors' apartments: elegantly furnished:
all sunny rooms; references.
TITRK, 116— Single and double rooms suit-
able for housekeeping.
CLAFSIKTED adv^rtiseTnent* and Bub*crlptions
rec*i'»' > <l f<t Call brunch nffl>-«>. ?20fl FHlm ->r» *t.
ROOMS AND nOARD.
California. SOT — Stevenson mansion; select fam -
tlyjiotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter-Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv.. sunny suites; best table board..
THE. CrockiT, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
ROOMS WASTED,
WANTED— Sunny room in private family for
gentlemen, within two blocks of Polk and
. Butter sts.; state rent. Address J. B., box
4357. Call office. : •
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage,
Depot Quartermaster's office. 36 New Mont-
gomery Bt.. San Francisco. Cal.. August 9.
19C1 — Eealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m ..
Monday. August 26. 1901. Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cham-
bray Shirts, Scrubbing Brushes and Mosquito
Bars. Bids will be opened for the delivery of
the same articles at cither the San Francisco,
Boston. Chicago and Philadelphia depots, and
are for the same fcr which bids will be
opened at the other depots. To avoid mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of the
articles to be furnished, bidders will careful-
ly examine the standard samples and speci-
fications, no that proposals may be submitted
by them with a full knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with
the standards and specifications will be In-
sisted upon In the inspection of the goods.
Bidders upon the scrubbing brushes will be
permitted to submit samples differing from
standard and specifications in order that a
selection may be made therefrom should any
of them prove to be equal to or superior to
standard. Bids upon samples differing from
epecifications and samples upon .which bids
are Invited, with, the exception indicated, will
under no circumstances be entertained, nor
will unguaranteed bids be considered. Pro-
posals for l«*s quantities -than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids for delivery or in-
spection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliv-
eries are essential. Bidders must state in
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and Quality being equal (including in the
price of foreign production and manufacture
¦ the duty thereon), and - euch preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired . by .the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 7365," and addressed to Major OSCAR- F.
LONG, . Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. . -
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 12. 1901-Sealed
proposals In triplicate will be received here
until 11 a. m.. Tuesday. August 27. 1901, and
then opened, for construction (Including
plumbing, heating, electric fixtures and elec-
tric: wiring), at the U. S. A. General Hospi-
tal, Presidio of San Francisco, Cal., of iso-
lation • ward (Ward F). Government re-
• terves the right to reject • or accept any or
all bids In whole or In part. Preference
, I given to articles of domestic production, • con-
• dltions of price and quality (including in the
¦ price of forelsm productions the duty thereon)
being equal, and such preference given to
articles of American production produced on
the Pacific Coast, to • extent of consumption
required by the public service there. In-
formation furnished on application to J. M.
MARSHALL. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. U.'S. Army. Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for stone wall— General depot,
Quarterroasttr's Department. 36 NewMont-
Komery St.. San Francisco. August 20th.. 1901.
Eealed proposals will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m. on September 20th. 1901.
and then opened, for construction - of stone
wall along •¦ southern boundary of Military
- Reservation." Presidio of San ' Francisco, - in
accordance with . plans . and specifications . on
fl!i» here; which can be seen on application:
OSCAR F.' LONG, Major and Quartermaster,
U S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants 'ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10, tel. 55S0.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor: trial free: send for circular. 935 Mkt. r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
suitatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
'SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES..
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Black ' 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowestTateg; phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
i^' T MACHINES..
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and 8th: other machines.
AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offlce Post and Powell Eta.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
elon st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniturs Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIESl
GREAT BARGAINS l^TTYPEWRVTKnS^wi
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, S3G California: telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters: new. $60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
aiARBIAGE LICENSES. :
The following marriage licenses were issued
j-esterday: .
Joseph M. Mooney.. 45. 109 Twenty-seventh
street, and SusanLalngor, 40. 2S29 Mission st.
Thomas F. Egan, 28. 122 Page street, and
Teresa W. Farrell/ 22, 631 Golden Gate avenue.
Hugh R. Rood, 28, St. Nicholas Hotel, and
Selma A. Lux, 23. 503 Ashbury street. ¦
- Harry H. Heeler, 21, Denver, and Gertie
Youn~, 21, Denver.
William Stellisch, 42, 403 Larkin street, and
Mathilde Forbes, 3S, city.
George F. Devlin, 24, C6 Clementina street,
and Mary L.. Delaney, 19, 59>4 Tehama street.
Ira B. Archsr, 37, North San Juan, and Flor-
ence E. Morse. 32, Forbestown.
Alexander Glampaoll, 37, Loa Gatos, and
Clorlnda Glorgl. 22. city. •
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
\. " ¦ V .BORN.
BEARD— In this city, to the wife of Charles
E. Beard, a daughter. -".-',"• j-!a.^>\
MAGGIO— In this city, August 20, 1901, to the
wife of Paul J. Magr&lo, a daughter. ., ->. '.^
SKAGGS— In this city, August 21, 1901, at the
Hotel St. Nicholas, to the wife of Frederick
L. Skaggs, a daughter. ¦
DIED. '
Camello. Angelo Pierce, Maria L.
Cohn, Adele Pomeroy, Sheldon
. Galvin, Thos. A. J. Pridmore, Thomas
Griffin. William F. Schammel, Henry
Gutmann. David Schrefeid. Christina
Henderson, Ernest H. Schutt, Aupusta
Koch, -«llda Smith. Harvey L.
Macdonald, James Tobin. Elizabeth
McSweeney, Peter J. Tonnesen. Cecilia T.
Paushe. Matt -White. Emma A.
CAMELIO— In the City and County Hospital.
August 22, 1901, Angelo Camelio, a native of
California, aged 39 years. '
COHN— In this city. August 22. 1901. Adele.
dearly beloved wife of Max Cohn, mother Of
Eltie. Sam and Tlllie Cohn, daughter of H.
Lewln. and sister of Mrs. J. Griesman and
Jake Lewln, a native of Fordon, Germany,
aged 40 years and 24 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from' her lata resi-
dence, 1028 Golden Gate, avenue, .thence' to
New Salem Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train
. from Third and Townsend streets.
GAI/VIN— In this city, August 20, 1901, Thomas
A. J. Galvin, beloved son of Jeremiah and
Sutle A. Galvin, and brother of Art'iur L.
Galvin, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years 10 months and 11 days.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 711 Webster street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn mass will be
celebrated for the repose of. his soul, com-
- menoiniar at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GRIFFIX-ln this city. August 20. 1901. Wil-
liam F.. beloved husband of Emily Griffin,
and brother of John H. and J. J. Grifnn and
Mrs. J. J. Bradley, a native of San Fran-
cIfco. aged 23 years 5 months and 4 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy Si Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eizhth and Ninth. Interment LEUrel
Hill Cemetery.
GUTMANN— In this city. August 21, 1901,
David, beloved husband of Matilda Gutmann.
and beloved father of Irnm Gutmann, a na-
tive of Bavaria, aged 45 years and 9 months.
(New York papers please copy.)
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitod to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), nt 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S94 Fulton street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
TKlrd and Townsf.ntl streets.
HENDERSON- In -the City and County Hos-
pital. August 22, 1901. Ernest H. Henderson,
a native of New York, aged 34 years.
KOCH— In New York, August 21. 1901. Hilda,
beloved wife of Henry Koch, and daughter of
Mr. end Mrs. B. Triest of San Francisco.
MACDONALD-In Oakland, Ausust 22, 1901,
James, husband of Mrs. J. Macdonald, father
of Bruce and Ray Macdonald of Flint, Mich.,
and uncle of Herchel H., Evelyn L., Laura
A. and George D. Macdonald of Berkeley, a
native of Scotland, aged 69 years.
(E^J-'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the chapel
of Albert Brown, 466 Thirteenth street. In-
tPrmtnt at Flint. Mich. •
MeSWEENEY— In this cit->\ August 22. 1901.
Peter J.. loving husband of Mamie McSwee-
ney, father of Eddie J. McSweeney, and
and brother of Mrs. C. J. Cody, a native of
Pan Francisco, aged 37 years 7 months and
22 days.
(C?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
PAUSHE— In the City and County Hospital,
August 22, 1901, Matt Paushe, a native of
Austria, aired 35 years. 1: /,:
PIERCE— In this city, August 19. 1901, Maria
Louisa, beloved mother of William James
and Charles O. Pierce, sister of Mrs. Alan-
son Folger of Sebastopol, and grandmother
of Evelyn Pierce, a native of Cincinnati,
Ohio, aged 70 years 6 months and 15" days.'
(Cincinnati papers please copy.)
IE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•' (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to New
Jerusalem Church, O'Farrell street, between
Webster and Flllmore, where services will be
held. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Remains at undertaking parlors.
POMEROY-In this city. August 21. 1901. Shel-
don Pomeroy, a native of New York, aged 72
years.
ICT-Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Friday), at
1:30 o'clock, at the rooms of the Veteran
Firemen's Association, 24 Fourth street. In-
terment at San Jose.' Cal.
OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association will please ' as-
semble at their hall. 24 Fourth street, to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Sheldon Pomeroy. By
order S. BUNKER, President.
J. J. McMAHON, Rec. Sec. - .
PRIDMORE— In thl« • city. August 22, 1901,
Thomas Pridmore. a native of England, aged
41 years 4 months and 3 days.
SCHAMMEL— In this city, . August 21,: 1901,
Henry Schammel, beloved husband ol Bertha
Schammel, a native of Germany,- aged 71
years 8 months and 12 days. - • . . .
C7Friends and acquaintances are resp'*ct-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
' (Successor ' to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
\- J. HBNDERSON. Manager. ;-
McAVOV * Co;, ofl
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS 1
1239 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. - 1
- - Telephone South 247. |
.-.'. Eugene McGinn. McGINN BRO3.~y
Funeral Directors - and - Embalmers. I
, . 31 EDDY STREET. I
. Telephone South 252. San Francisco I
No Connection With Any Other House. |
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows'. Cemetery. Association
Point Lobos ove., ¦>. F.. Oal.', ;.' ~
The ordinance prohibiting. . burials 'in San
Francisco after the first day of -August,' 1901,"
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less ' harmful to tbe living than ¦ the
aches of their dead.'. "* -; - .. ¦" ¦¦¦¦:-.
. Permits \ to' cremate will, be ' issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.Physicians and midwlves must, on or before
to the Health Officer of all birtha occurring In
lr^ raCtlCe ? Urln f the Plains month ? I?i
the absence of such attendants, the pare-nf\
?S US ww1, / U »K h re^? wlthJn thlrt y <5ays aft-r
the birth of the child. Such returns must be
made in accordance with the rules adopted and
upon blanks furnished by the Board of Health
?>,f nT .5 erSO h 01 ,?"!!* any of the Provisions of
this order shall be deemed guilty of a misde
meanor and be punished by a fine not exceed
ing $100 or imprisonment not exceeding ninety
days, or by both such fine and Imprisonment
The Board of Health Is preparing to
have sixteen physicians arrested for neg
lecting to register births. The Political
Code and a general order passed by the
Board of Supervisors regulating the regis
tration of births have heretofora been per
sistently violated. As soon as satisfactoy
evidence has been obtained of violations
of the law some arrests will be made
Assistant Secretary Cameron began an
ln v, e l tig v. atlon yesterday regarding birtha
which have occurred during the last two
weeks and have not been registered. Upon
his report the offenders will be arrested
as soon as Officer Cottle has been relieved
from strike duty. It is said that some of
the most prominent physicians are aicon
the violators of the law regulating th»
registration of births, which follows:
The Board of . Health "Will
Prosecute Persistent
Offenders.
Arrests to Be Made for
Failure to Register
Births.
LAW'S VIOLATION
BY PHYSICIANS
PRELATE WHO HAS BEEN MADE
HONORARY CHAPLAIN OF THE
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
"Of course It is early yet to say what
Trill be the programme concerning the
operation of the two tracks. That is a
matter which will not be taken up for
six or seven weeks, as the season does
not open until November 2. In a general
¦nay I can say that the season will prob
ably be opened at Tanforan and it is also
likely we shall race either three weeks
or thirty days aJternately at the two
tracks. Before It was two weeks at each
track, which made frequent shipment of
horses necessary. We shall try to avoid
that as much as pcssible now that both
tracks are under one management.
"I met the Reiffs in England and they
said they would be here this winter. The
boys are doing great work. Little Maher,
I am afraid, cannot come out this winter,
as I understand he is afflicted with con
sumption. But, without saying anything
against New Orleans, I am sure we shall
have the best jockeys in the United States
here "this winter and the outline I have
given of the stables that will be repre
sented assures the highest class of rac
ing."
"With both tracks under control of the
New California Jockey Club we shall be
able to give better racing and better sport
this year than ever before in the history
of California. There will be about 150
days' racing next season, as against from
175 to ISO days when both tracks were
running. We shall "hang up* more money
this year In stakes and purses than ever
before, and already we have announced
556,000 in stakes. The Futurity advertised
for next spring has $5500 added money, as
much as the big Eastern Futurity event,
with entrance fees half as much as that
Classic.
"These people are the best exponents of
this eport in the United States and I am
glad they are at last going to 'break into'
California.
"We are going to have representatives
from nearly every one of the big Eastern,
stables here this winter," said President
Williams last night. "William C. Whit
ney's colors will fly here this winter. I
met him at Saratoga last Saturday and
he promised that he would send a string.
FeatherBtone of Chicago is going to send
EOtne horses, so Is Andrew Miller, one of
the stewards of the New York Jockey
Club. James R. Keene and J. B. Fol
lansbee will be represented and August
Belmcnt has pledged me he would ship
eome of his fine stock out to our tracks.
Mr. and Mrs. 'Williams made a tour of
Ireland and England, paid a. visit to
France, and returning stopped for brief
periods in the principal Eastern cities.
The members "of Mrs. Williams' family
&nd a few intimate friends were waiting
to receive them when they reached their
home In Oakland and gave them a cor
dial welcome.
Thomas H. Williams Jr., president of
the New California Jockey Club, arrived
from the East and Europe yesterday, ac
companied by his bride.' They went im
mediately to their home In Oakland. Mr.
Williams is enthusiastic over the prospects
of high class racing at Emeryville and
Tanfcran this season and says the colors
of the crack racing stables of the East
will fly this winter at t<he two tracks of
the New. California Jockey Club. The
names of- the wealthiest patrons of the
sport of kings In the United States will
appear upon the cards when the season
opens, and the public is promised great
eport in the horse racing line. This is one
result of Mr. "Williams' Eastern trip. He
went away on a wedding tour, bat he at
tended to some very important business
while enjoying his honeymoon.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. Is
All Enthusiasm Over .
Season's Prospects.
Colors of the Groat Sta
bles to Fly in Cali
fornia.
RACING KINGS
TO COME WEST
By way of introduction to her defense
Mrs. Traver admitted that the land be
longed to Mrs. Finn, but, .she continued,
the building belonged to the Traver es
tate. She had paid out $130 on improve
ments, she said, and didn't intend to move
until she got he money back. J. J. Tra
ver, who secured a divorce from Mrs.
Traver last month because she horse
whipped him on the Mission road, took
the stand to prove that the lease had ex
pired. Mrs. Traver announced that she
liked his nerve and also referred to him
as "that man." Judge Graham took the
case under advisement.
Mrs. Annie V. Finn filed suit to eject
Mrs. Traver from the Mission street
home. Mrs.- Finn owns the ground upon
which the building is located. Years ago
she leased the land to J. C. Traver, fath
er-in-law of Mrs. Traver. The lease ex
pired some time ago and Mrs. Finn sought
to gain possession of the land. Mrs. Tra
ver refused to move and the suit re
sulted.
Mrs. Laura L. Traver, who J resides at
2627 Mission street, who has been di
vorced from three husbands and whose
life is replete with other episodes of-In
terest, appeared In Judge Graham's court
yesterday morning as her own attorney
in defense of her right to the home where
in she now resides.
Declines to Leave Her Happy Home
Until She Gets Her Money-
Back.
MBS. LAURA L. TBAVEB.
APPEARS AS ATTOENEY
They could not get a suitable vessel In
Seattle, so they decided to come to this
city and engage passage on a vessel from
here. They arrived here Wednesday and
engaged rooms at 54 Sixth street. Yester
day morning Liddel left the house and
shortly after he had gone Mrs. Bennett
discovered a letter that he had written to
her before leaving. In the letter Liddel
told her that he thought it would be im
prudent for them to go to Nome together,
so he had left her and had gone to Oak
land to engage a room there. He begged,
her not to worry, as he would advise her
as to his whereabouts. She believed that
he intended to abscond with her, money,
hence the warrant for Liddel's ' arrest.
The amount he is accused of embezzling
is $400, as she had got at various times
$100 from him to pay her expenses.
She decided to go to Nome to start a
boarding-house and took $500 in gold with
her. On the train to Seattle she met Lid
del, who is a good looking young fellow,
25 years of age. In conversation he told
her he was also going to Nome and they
became very friendly. When they reached
Seattle she had so much confidence in her
new-found friend that she gave him the
$500 to keep for her, as she thought it
would be safer in the money belt that
he wore around his waist than in her
purse.
Mrs. Bennett Is a handsome woman 2C
years of age. She has a husband and two
children in Los Angeles. She and her hus
band did not get along well together and
she decided to leave him and her children
and strike out for herself, as she felt that
she was quite competent to make a. way
for herself In the world without any man's
assistance.
Mrs. Amanda V. Bennett of Los Angeles
and at present residing at 54 Sixth street
secured a warrant from Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of J. W. Liddel
on a charge of felony embezzlement. It
is another case of woman's confidence and
man's deceit.
Swears Out Warrant for. His
Arrest on Felony Em
bezzlement Charge.
Grand Officers Selected.
The election for grand officers resulted
The distinguished visitor returned his
thanks for the honor conferred and then
spoke for about half an hour. He com
mended the institution for the good work
it has been engaged in, and stated that
in view of the good it had hone he hoped
that a council will be instituted in every
parish in the jurisdiction and suggested
that each parish priest direct his efforts
in that direction. He expressed his satis
faction that the name had not been
changed, saying that previous to the vote
he had not expressed an opinion relative
to the matter, fearing that what he
might say might have influenced the dele
gates. He then delivered an eloquent ad
dress to Catholic young men and urged
them to do all in their power to build up
character.
The per capita tax was fixed at 90
cents for the Grand Council expenses, 35
cents for the educational bureau' and 30
cents for the Supreme Council.
There was an amendment to the consti
tution which in future will admit to hon
orary membership members of any eccle
siastical body, that honor having in the
past been limited to priests. (
At the afternoon session Supreme.Presi
dent Pierce and Rev. Father Sullivan
were appointed , a committee to escort
Archbishop Riordan into the coun
cil chamber. He was presented and re
ceived with the honors due his station,
after which he was welcomed by Rev.
Father Slattery. the grand chaplain, who
informed him that he had been chosen to
fill the newly created office of honorary
grand chaplain. ' '
The choice of the next place of meet
ing was left to the incoming board of
grand directors. If Napa does not press
its claim for the Ifonor of having the next
session of the Grand ' Council an ; effort
will be made to have it held in Los An
geles.
The adoption of the memorial was fol
lowed by an eloquent eulogy upon the
life work of the deceased as a citizen of
California, as a member of the United
States Senate and as a member of the in
stitute. It was a glowing tribute to the
memory of one who was held In high
esteem by thousands of people who knew
him personally and by his work.
Eloquent Eulogy Upon White.
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
be forwarded to Mrs. Hortense White and fam
ily, with the assurance of the condolence and
respect of the seventeenth Grand Council of
the Young Men's Institute.
Resolved, That this seventeenth Grand Coun
cil. Youngr Men's Institute. Pacific jurisdiction,
signalize the merits of the late Hon. Stephen
M. White; be it further • . . '
Whereas, In his life he all but attained the
institute's ideal of Catholic citizenship, and
therefore gave us from our own ranks ons
whose life was an embodiment of that for
which we are all striving under our motto,
"Pro Deo, Pro Patria" : be it
Whereas. By his energy and strong person
ality he rose from the humble plane of his
early life through successive gTadations to
one of the most exalted positions within the
gift of the United States; and
Whereas, The late Hon. Stephen M. "White
was a member of the Young Men's Institute,
Pacific Jurisdiction, and
Shortly after the opening of the session
J. ,W. Sullivan, P. J. McGarry.and.A. F.
St. Sure, the committee on the. Stephen.
M. White memorial, presented the follow
ing resolutions, which, after being read,
were adopted by a standing vote:
Archbishop RIordan, and the con
ferring upon him of the title of honorary
grand chaplain, the .election of officers
for the current term and the adoption of
resolutions to the memory of the late
Stephen M. White.
THE fourth and closing day of the
session of the Grand Council of
the Young Men's Institute was
marked by the visit of his Grace
Mrs. Amanda V. Bennett
Deceived by Young
Man She Met.'
HER CONFIDENCE
RUDELY SHAKEN
With a population of 4.708,000, the Ar
gentine Republic possesses 5,081,000 horses.
It is' the only country in the world that
has a horse i for every inhabitant.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without see-
Ing Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco. It is a marvel of beauty and
elegance. It is unquestionably the most
magnificent jewelry I emporium in the
world— the splendid conception of a master
mind, a controlling genius. Artistic taste
and skill challenge competition here. To
be appreciated it must be seen. Every
traveler and visitor should go and ex
amine the marvels of genius at 221 Mont
gomery'street; A. Andrews, proprietor. *
To Visit San Francisco.
The Monteford Club will give a benefit
minstrel performance in Golden Gate Hall.
625 Sutter street, this evening, and it is
expected that a large audience will show
its appreciation of the efforts the mem
bers have been making for some weeks
past for'the success of. the affair. It will
not be. an ordinary amateur performance,
for the Monteford, Minstrels have in their
ranks some of the best talent In the city.
, The programme has been carefully ar
ranged and is In good hands. It Includes
monologue and music, both vocal and In
strumental, and a few absolutely original
features by way of surprise. Among those
taking part in the programme are; Henry
Auerbach. Harry Colman. Elton Lambert,
AV.iJ. O'Brien, Ed - Kreiss. W. Brown,
Thomas Mahoney, J.' G. Fraser, George
H. Emertoh. J. S. Burton, H. M. Roche
and H. P. Rothermel, the last four con
stituting, the ' Bohemian Quartet.
There will 'also be a chorus of twenty
five trained .voices. \ The members in
charge of the affair are: Louis Mehrtens,
Harry. E. Sullivan, Burt Oesting and A.
Fisher, with Edward C. Kreiss as director
general. The scenic effects will be con
tributed by the management of the Al
cazar Theater.
Programme To-Night at Golden
Gate Hall.
Local Talent Will Present Elaborate
BIG BENEFIT SHOW BY
MONTEFORD MINSTRELS
"Our Church." Rev. Father McQuaide; "Our
Country." Hon. F. J. Murasky; "Our Order,"
Frank J. Kierce: "Our City," Rev. J. "W. Sul
livan; "The Ladies," John T. Greaney; "Our
State," James P. Sex; "Our Motto," L. E.
Mahan; "Catholic Layman," Hon. N. Bow
den; "Fraternity," D. J. O'Leary; "Pacific
Jurisdiction." James D. Whalen; "Board of
Management." George A: Stanley.
A. F. St. Sure, the toastmaster, called
for responses to the toasts that had been
assigned to those whose names follow
them. Between toasts there were rare old
Irish airs by an orchestra, a vocal solo
by J. P. O'Brien, selections by Joseph
Pickney and witty sayings and songs by
Billy Hynes. The toasts were as follows:
der the auspices of the board of manage
ment of the San Francisco councils was
attended by about 200 members of the or
der, including quite a number of the cler
gy. The dining room was decorated with
bunting and American and emblematic
flags, while the tables were dressed. with
artistic taste. The guests and members
look seats at 9 o'clock after a few intro
ductory remarks by Robert Tobin. The
Rev. Father Slattery said grace, after
which all did justice to the excellent menu
that was served. .
that has served a grand body.
Then followed the installation of the
new. officers by Supreme President Kierce
and the adjournment of the grand body
In respect to the memories of the late
Stephen M. White and the Rev. Father
Biennan.
The Banquet.
The banquet given in the California Ho
tel to the grand officers and delegates un-
- The constitutionality of the Kelly-Tay
lor license amendment has again been as
sailed by H. J. McCoy, a liquor dealer of
Ventura County. McCoy refused to pay
the regulation tax and was thrown into
jail. He was released yesterday on an
order from the Supreme Court, secured
through a writ of habeas corpus. The
case will be argued on September 2.
Kelly-Taylor Law Assailed.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it.* ¦
Pansy Lawrence, who married Frank
Lawrence in San Rafael about a year
ago, was granted a divorce yesterday on
the ground of failure to provide. Mil-.
dred.F. Becker was granted a divorce
from Amandus B. Becker, a mining man
of some prominence, by Judge Seawell on
the ground of cruelty. Decrees of divorce
have also been granted to Sadie E. Shafer
from" Oscar W. Shafer on the ground of
neglect, Priscilla Pearce from Frederick
Pearce on the ground of desertion, and
Mansfield Judah from Anna Frances Ju
dah on the ground of desertion. Suits for
divorce have been filed by Maggie "Weaver
against J. W. Weaver for failure to pro
vide. Henry Hale against Annie W. Hale,
for desertion. Lena Sheffer against Philip
Sheffer for failure to provide, Julia Ras
kamp -againsz William Raskamp for
cruelty, and Irwin R. Colbrandt against
Ada H. Colbrandt for infidelity.
In the Divorce Court.
The engagement was announced last
night of Miss Harriet Inge Andrews, for
merly of this city, but now of St. Helena.
Napa County, and Ueutenant Alpha T.
Easton of the Twenty-ninth United States
Infantry, stationed at Fort Sheridan,
Illinois.
The wedding will take place next
Wednesday. r.oon at Pine Knoll, the home
of the bride's mother at St. Helena. It
will be an informal affair. The couple
will leave for Pittsburg. Pa., immediately
after the ceremony. After visiting the
groom's relatives there they will proceed
to Fort Sheridan, where their future home
will be. , ,
Miss Andrews is a pretty and vivacious
young lady, highly esteemed by her large
circle of friends. She is a daughter of
Mrs. Charles N. MacLouth, until recent
ly a resident of this city.
Lieutenant Easton served with great
credit to himself as a volunteer officer
In the Philippines and his soldierly quali
ties caused him to be promoted to the
regular army. His home is in Pittsburg,
where his people are prominent.
Hand of Vivacious San Fran
cisco Belle.
Lieutenant A* T. Easton Wins tfie
MISS HATTIE AUT5BEWS
TO WE3> ARMY OFFICER
Ampler accommodations for the Crocker.
Dudley Stone. ' Jackson and Laguna Honda
schools are recommended; also modern eco
nomical stoves in place of' those now In use.
Recommendations are made that there be a
rearrangement of desks where necessary to
secure a better light and seating; that a plen
tiful supply of modern maps be purchased at
a cost of about -$4000; that the course of study,
be revised In accordance with amendments to
State law and the experience of the past year,
and that such a classification of pupils be
made that first and eighth grade classes shall
not have an enrollment In excess of forty
pupils and other classes shall contain not more
than fifty pupils enrolled^
Sixty-five thousand dollars for a new build
ing for the Burnett School; $S5.000 for a new
building for the Washington School; $20,000
for a new building for the Bergerot School;
$35,000 for a new building: and lot for the Noe
Valley School; $20,0C0 for a new building and
lot for the Monroe School.
The Superintendent recommends in his
report that the Board of Education en
deavor to secure from the Board of Su
pervisors in the next annual municipal
budget appropriations as follows:
Urges Erection of New Schools.
The Sunnyside, Noe Valley. Jackson and
Bergerot schools occupy rented buildings and
premises, which are inadequate and not suited
for- the accommodation of pupils. Eighteen
rooms are rented for the accommodation of
children attending other schools, many of them
illy suited for school use. The Burnett School
is housed in a miserable wooden building. The
sanitary condition is deplorable.
The public school system of San Francisco
comprises four high schools, nineteen grammar
schools (including one cosmoDOlitan.- the
Adams), fifty-one primary (including one cos
mopolitan, the Humboldt. and one school for
Chinese children) and eight evening schools,
or a total of thirty-two schools. The Poly
technic-High School, no , less than the Lowell,
is in need of a new building. Additional
rooms should be built to the Hamilton, Haw
thorne, Hearst, Richmond. Golden Gate,
Crocker' and Dudley Stone school houses.
In the city of San Francisco the enforcement
of any compulsory educational law at this
time Is impossible. Over 19,000 children were
reported by the census marshals as having at
tended no school during the year terminating
May 1, 1900. Were 10 per cent of this number
forced to attend the public schools there would
be - no accommodations for them, unless the
Board of Education should rent buildings and
rooms and engage forty additional teachers.
This would tax the appropriation allowed by
the Board of Supervisors for the support of
schools during the fiscal year. To enforce then
a compulsory educational law in the city and
county of San Francisco would necessitate the
construction of buildings capable of contain
ing at least 6000 additional children, besides
the establishment of truant and parental
schools.
Enforcement of Compulsory Law.
The comDulsory education law should be
amended bo. as to regulate the employment of
minors and to fine those unlawfully employing
them; to. provide for the appointment of at
tendance or truant officers, and the arrest and
punishment of truants, and for the establish
ment and maintenance of truant or parental
schools. The experience of the deputy super
intendents of this city and of myself em
phatically demonstrates the necessity for truant
or parental schools.
Superintendent of Schools Webster filed
his annual report on the public schools
with the. Board of .Education yesterday.
The report contains valuable information
regarding the census, population and
school attendance. Webster again rec
ommends a lower classification, a more
rigid enforcement of the compulsory edu
cation law and the establishment of pa
rental schools. He notes the interesting
fact which was given publicity in this
paper recently that the public schools are
losing pupils. In the fiscal year just end
ed the average daily attendance has been
34,771, a loss of 233 from the year previous.
The attendance at private schools has in
creased from 9311 last year to 10,856 this
year. The attendance at high schools has
dropped from .1429 to 12SL The report
says:
Reiterates Former Request
for a Lower Class
Enrollment.
He Recommends the Re
vision of the Course
of Study.
WEBSTER FILES
ANNUAL REPORT
DEGREE OF HONORARY GRAND
CHAPLAIN F0R ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
Young Men's; Institute Gloses Its Labors With- the .Election and
Installation of Officers for the Current lterm---Banquet
Speeches Are Interspersed With Instrumental Music^ahd Song
The case of William Hay wood; and- "W7
S. Gibson, charged with . grand , larceny
by ; ; trick and device, ; was dismissed by
Judge : Cabahlss I yesterday. C. N. Davis,
the complaining witness, who>lives" in
Golden v Gate, Alameda" County, : : told the
Judge that he declined -to prosecute. The
Judge in dismissing the case; told: Davis
that "the- proper ;. place .: for ¦ a I farmer , Is
the field."' Davis was induced; to put-up
{500 for a footrace between I Hay wood and
Gibson at the Olympic Club ; grounds i and
he claimed ;he had -been ' swindled. ;
"Fake" . Footrace Trick.
According to School ¦ Director Casserly,
the teachers at present employed in the
department j need expect no favors in I the
matter of promotions to higher positions.
Following on the appointment of W; H.
de Bell, who was taken from the univer
sHy and made principal of the Spring
Valley School, to the exclusion of tried
educators *: in the • department. J Casserly
says that the sooner the teachers,under
stand that the board is after new bloo-1
the better. This will be small comfort
to the teachers, who , feel that faithful
service should be rewarded with promo
tion. : ,\r :¦ '•':. .-'.. • V • ' : . :
Wants New Blood in r Schools.
The big white tents of the Ringling
Bros.' circus, with all their living features.
will become a part of San Francisco early
Sunday morning. The show grounds, be
fore the' average citizen is awake, will be
a "white-winged city," around which
small boys will gather and gaze and chat
ter with an interest nothing else can in
spire. It is doubtful if the first, yellow
wagon will reach the lot Sunday morning
before the boy enthusiast. He is bound
to be there if he has to sit up all night
for the purpose. ¦ . .•
The Ringling' shows are claimed to be
the biggest aggregation in America. The
number of animal dens that compose their
menagerie, the number of high-priced per
formers employed in their, circus pro
gramme, the extraordinary herd of ele
phants (thirty. in all), the sixty-one-horse
act of John O'Brien, the Dacoma, Fisher
and Farley families, the Holloway trio,
Amelia Feely, the- young equestrienne,
Albert Crandall, John Rooney, Fred Mil
ler and William De Van, expert riders,
and too. many more to mention here, the
thousand or more people, they carry on
their payroll. . the great hippodrome feat
ures they present, the huge arenic .tent,
necessary for three circus rings, three big
stages, a racing oval one-quarter of -a
mile in length, a seating capacity of 15,000
people, all of these items are of important
account in showing the evolution of the
circus under the direction of the Ring
ling brothers. . -
The street parade Monday morning,
starting from ¦ the show grounds at J
o'clock, will be mqre than two miles in
length and subdivided into thirty sections.
There; will be a military display, com-,
posed of uniformed types of the crack
regiments of the great nations of the
world, many of the gilded cages in which
wild animals. are penned will be open and
for the children's delight there will be a
miniature menagerie and pony chariot, oc
cupied by graven images of ; fairy: land
ideals. ; There will be elephants, twenty
camels, pretty ponies, blooded . horses;
smartly dressed.riders. trained goats, dogs
and monkeys and a hundred and one other
features of curious interest to make the :
procession a variegated and glittering one.
Be the Longest Ever Seen
Here.
Singling ; Bros.' Circus Parade Will
GLITTERING PAGEANT
TWO MILES IN LENGTH
in the choice ot the following named:
D. J. CLeary of San Francisco, -president;
J. W. Sharp of Los Angeles, first vice presi
dent: J. D. Whalen of Livermore, second vice
president; George A. Stanley of San Fran
cisco; secretary (re-elected): W. T. Agrgler of
San Jose, treasurer (re-elected) ; T. J. Horan
of San Francisco, marshal (re-elected); Nor
bert Schneider of San Francisco,' inside sen
tinel: P. J. Murphy of Port Costa, outside sen
tinel ; John J. McCarthy, V. L. de Figrueiredo
and j. B. Queen of San FrancSsco, T. W. Kelly
of Santa Cruz, J. . F. Kenny of Oakland, L.
W. Mahoney of Sacramento and Rev. J. W.
Sullivan of San Rafael, grand directors.
The last named was elected by acclama
tion.
Votes of thanks were passed to The Call
and other papers for reports of the pro
ceedings, to the San Francisco councils
for the entertainment of the grand offi
cers and the delegates,- to the Mayor, to
the "Very Rev. Father Prendergast, to the
Rev. Father Dempsey for the able man
ner in which he had conducted the In
stitute. Journal and to the press commit
tee, which proved itself one of the best
THE SAN FRANCISCO C5ALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST ?3, 1901.
Guardian for Catherine Ryan.
Mrs. J. Pettee was granted letters ot
guardianship yesterday over the person
and estate of Catherine J. Ryan. The pe
tition of S. L. Morris was denied.
12
5 - - ' **^ tl
H Mothers! S^^S Paf^wpII
U^ What looks "^^*i llijSft 1 Ul U II Oil
|8|fe^f3? than a pretty ** /\1 j T
Wb^"^^ A r 1\
IIH "Sir M I f~\l\ TWENTY-DOLLAR
111 1*9 9H I f-1 ¦ YOKE OVERCOATS
0 Just Like Iron jl ' Ij \4 0 l)(f
' VMrUv Scotches wear. I • Wj ! ¦
f colorings; a suit ... . fM dUSt as pictured OppO-
worth else- I 'l/jjIA site, that swell. Yohe
where §5. Ages . w/ (li)pvonnf in hirth rtvr,J»
8 to 15 years. IM Wm uve?coat, in /iig/i-drade
Our special WM ' Hvi OxfordCheviotsandCo-
prio to-day, Wk || verU Jp^ a boiia-fide
(ft fl H H 'M HI .$%0 coat.
\\ ff Lw x W ML. Just for a flier,
HandstTtvz Suits, dashed \i! /¦ *'B i II 1
i JjF"^ vy wj# shadin<?s, the rqiocvl of any k 1 i M ll\$ \J
Wf liTSSS film $20 suit. To-day,^ . J^| ± gj
/f&£b^^ Riplit m *^^^ m — — —
CLOTHES THAT fit The handsoTtvzst of worsted Price-mahlng to-day for new
»' r " trousers, regular $5 values, ' fall colorings in Suits, worth
Y^rk. .Ty Tc-dayweplaa special nr ice, $15. Snecinl priced, t he suit,
»/K "m? ° 7v saie for u 2 v '^ qq Rn ¦
*Kf wL—4v bo'is. ages 13 to **&?&* m 3 a*JP 1 <&? > «
Mwl ''tfiTTB/ 19 y ears > hand- * ; ~ A A : 1 , •¦ '•• , ¦-.' ...¦*
*l Sf soms suits, all -\ ' '
g^^?^^^^ An Opportunity Seldom Offered.
//& '-^M .fci§£ft ' 20 PER' CENT EHSai
/ / I\iv4 ! - rJ^^I^Mfl f f. On Our Elecant Assortment of
Lliysyj* '/tnj^^/S' (iWiiP l\ Bedroom Suits, Chiffoniers,
wff|ilif 7 ff$M I ™^jl JJ Combination Desks, Extension
SnXMt^^i^^u^—^^^^^ TAbles, Sideboards, China Clos-
\\BI9tS^^H^@^^® cts, Folding. Beds, Etc.
I-*" Per Cent Disconnt |
'^-^i'O^Ss '$%$]$ Is off our regular prices, which are
/TfLo v^inr^ CTWW! VJ^^ W*f lower than prices of others in our lines.
A^^^^^^^^^^ :^S; ThisSa'e
. > f Si **r-'^v ¦"'cSpVHut^*. \ l' ' c*s^5m> ¦ Is only : for '" a : short time, so come
>¦&***' early and take advantage of this op-
m Tel. South 371. ]] "portunity to bur bargains.
THE KRAGEN Furniture Co ,
¦10I5-I0I7 Market Street, opposite Taylor. .
ADVEETISEHENTS.
Breakfast for Business,
. Successful Men Are
Among the Strongest -•
Endorsers of
Malt Breakfast food-
Successful men realize that an appe-
tizing, nutritive and easily digested
breakfast makes for clear thinking and
sound judgment In their work through the
day. Formerly cereals were not believe j2
to contain food value sufficient to send %
man through a day's work; with the in-
troduction of Malt Breakfast Food the
business man's opinion of cereals has been
transformed, and they are now among the
heartiest indorsers of this delicious grain
food. "Malt Breakfast Food is the only
cereal I ever believed in or cared for.
writes a prominent merchant of New Jer-
sey, expressing the opinion of nearly
every man who has tried it.
_ , T
I Fine Velovr Bed Lounge, |
1 with box and steel tern- I
I pered springs $12.50 !
n Get an estimate from us on H
jl " everything "required to furnish |j
9 your entire . establishment, f j
B Credit and free delivery within H
[1 ico miles. n
n We close at 6 except on Sat- H
H urdays and days before holi- g
H days. On those days at 10 H
II o'clock. f|
1 T. Brilliant i
§ FURNITURE CO., jf
I 338-342 POST STREET, i
¦ Opposite Union Square. *j
{ $10.00 GOLD GLASSES
For S5.OO.
Until November 1. Other like re-
ductions.
E. MAXWELL, Expert Optio : »n,
Room 42. sixth floor. Academy of
Sciences Building:. ;
819 MARKET STREET.
Take the Elevator. £
¦ — -
WANTED.
Strong, AbteBodied Men.i, 4
Good wages. Perfect protection guarantee 1. 1
board and lodging: Included. Apply to 'WII^.
LIAM THOMAS. Rooma 12 and 14. Exchangs
Building, 506 Battery st.. between 6:30 a. m.
and 4 p. m. •
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. -
Catalogues and Prlea Lists Mallaj
on Application. 'Sir},
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahl*
& Co. (est'd. ,1S52> 4C» Market «t.: upon la«
stallment or rented: also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ PIQ IRO.t.
I f WIT fc fft *°° Battery Street.
J- t- TTlLSUll g UJ-, Telephone Main 13»l
FRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^ ROYFS & Cil "hippJnr Butchers. 1M
J A> limEJg \*\J- clay. TeL Main 1294
~ OILS. ; [
LUBRICATING OILS. LEOXARt* & TC1XJ3.
4U Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1713L
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUB"-
FICK. n Spear ft.. S. F. TeL Main 5320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladles' and Children's Hose 5c a pair:
Ladies' Linen Skirts, 35c; Men's Fine Dress
Shirts, worth fl. for 40c. at 105 Fifth street. .
PRINT1NO. ' "ZZZZT
EC RITfiHF^ PRINTER.
C- I1UUHC3. ox sansoma st. 3. T.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. ~*\ )\
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. .
S3 rirat Street. San FntncUea.