As to the political side of the Franco-
True Diplomatic Significance.
President Visits the Duke on the Flagship Lapanto
and Both Express Sentiments That May Af= •
feet Future of Two Nations.
LOUBET AND GENOA CEMENT
TIES OF FRIENDSHIP BETWEEN
ITALY AND FRENCH REPUBLIC
PRESIDENT OF THE FRENCH, RE
PUBLIC AND THE COMMANDER
OF THE ITALIAN SQUADRON.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The Depart
ment of Agriculture has "received a dis
patch from a prominent packing company
ot Chicago' announcing that they. have
just been advised that 'the English Gov
ernment has excluded all -beef except
home-bred from the British army t con
tracts. This, it is stated.- is to be effective
June 1 next. . . ' ¦ ' ;
The Chicago concern has asked the Ag
ricultural Department for any assistance
it can render. It has pointed out that the
action of the .British Governmen.t is a
severe blow to American beef and cattle
exporters Tand producers and means not
alone the loss in government trade but if
is ; feared It vwill serve very materially
toward inciting a'prejudlce on the part of
the", people of ;' Great Britain against ; the
beef cattleof this country:
-To demonstrate' the importance of the
move i now » said . to be ..; contemplated it . is
pointed outHhat , the ; value of our exports
of live", animals, to Great Britain amounts
to $40,000,000,'; while • the -total ; of /animal
products exported from- the United . States
to Great Britain' Is stated ' to be, • in round
numbers, $200,000,000. It is pointed out here
that this proposed embargo may really
,be a sequel, in greater or less degree, to
the proceedings instituted at New Orleans
against shipments of horses and mules
from that port for use in the South
African campaign. ,
CHICAGO. April U.-Packe*rs of this city
were not disposed this evening: to discuss
the reported action of the English Gov
ernment in placing . a ban on ¦ American
beef. .None of them seemed greatly sur
prised at the action and all said that they
had determined on no course of action.
\ "We will wait until we know more about
it," said General Manager Meeker of Ar
mour &.Co. "There is no earthly cause
for such action that- 1 can think of. ; It
cannot be on account of the quality of the
beef, for it has always been first-class in
every respect.".
be badly hurt.
; Swift & Co. expressed similar views to
those of r Mr. ¦ Meeker, and General • Man
ager Lyon of , the Hainmond Company
said he, did .'not know; enough 'about the
matter -to discuss ''it, but he did not an
ticipate that the American packers would
MBS. ABMOTJB INTENDS •
• TO EQUIP A BTJXLDXlta
This Is in Addition to the Gift of a
Million to tho In
stitute.
CHICAGO, April 11.— In addition to the
gift of $1,000,000 to Armour Institute, an
nounced yesterday. Mrs. P. D. Armour
purposes soon to erect and equip a new
building for the institute. General John
C. Black, one of the trustees, to-day said:
"The gift of $1,000,000 to the institute by
Mrs. Armour and Mr. Armour, which was
announced yesterday, has no connection
with the building project which has been
under consideration for some time. That
money will be used exclusively as an en
dowment fund to provide for running ex
penses. ;But the erection of the new
building will be an event of the near fu
ture, and it will be paid for by Mrs. P. D.
Armour."
BEGTJLATE PASTOB AND
WIFE WITH BABBEL STAVES
, . INDEPENDENCE, 4 Mo., April 1L— A
mraraer of negroes made up of members
of the faction In the Baptist church that
opposed Us pastor, Elder J. T. Fltt3,
seized the minister and his wife after
prayer meeting last- night, threw ropes
around their necks, dragged them into a
hollow beside the road and "regulated"
them with barrel staves laid vigorously
on their backs. . Minister Fitts io-dar
swore out warrants for six of tb* ram
• . . ¦ . .. - i.
latora. ' &£
to you my acknowledgment of the very
cordial and sympathetic welcome accorded
by France to myself and to the squadron
under my command. I shall retain an un
alterably happy recollection of the mag
nificent reception. I drink to, France and
her armies, on land and sea, and I also de
sire to express my high regard for your
self personally." • j
Before he resumed his seat the Duke
touched glasses with , President Loubet
and the two warmly clasped hands.
President Loubet replied:
*l "Monseigneur, I am prof oundly. moved by
the friendship you have just expressed foT
the French republic and its President and
by the sympathy which you show for its
army and navy. It is unnecessary to re
peat to you what are the feelings of the
French nation toward Italy. You "already
know them and I have described them to
you. But I wish once more to assure you
that we are profoundly touched by the
evidence of friendship which his Majesty
the King of Italy has given to France by
sending your grand squadron here. I
drink to the health of King Victor Em
manuel, to the royal family, to their pros
perity, and to the Italian fleet. . I drink
also to your personal health, monseigneur.
Just now I noticed In your cabin the pic
tures of those dear to you. Permit me to
associate them with yourself in the good
wishes I am now expressing and to drink
to the health of your entire family." . . ¦¦
Lessons Taught by" Big Guns.
While on board the Lepanto M. Loubet
discussed with the Duke of Genoa the in
crease and perfection of modern arma
ments, remarking that it would be a ter
rible responsibility to* provoke war. The
Duke of Genoa said: "You are right and
I think such visits as these are calculated
to render the relations between nations
more cordial."
M. Loubet and M. Delcasse spent half an
hour on board the submarine boat Gus
tave Zede and part of the time she was
going through evolutions submerged. The
President also visited the Russian battle
ship Czarevitch and the Russian armored
cruiser Bayan, bestowing commanderships
In the Legion of Honor upon their cap
tains.
Later M. Loubet attended, a banquet
given in his honor in the principal theater.
M. Loubet took a cordial leave of the
Duke of Genoa at 11:30 p. m. •
Wants a Commercial Treaty.
ROM'S April 11.— The Patria' publishes
a dispatch from Toulon giving an,inter
view with M. Delcasse, the French.For
eign Minister, regarding the significance
of <the festivities there. M. Delcasse is re
ported as having said: "The Interests of
France . and Italy are not.' happily, op
posed. Diplomacy ought to profltby.thls
absence of motives for conflict. My am
bition is to conclude another commercial
treaty with Italy. I have been charmed
Italian demonstration the Temps to-night,
now that the speech-making is dver, puts
the situation In a clear light with the fol
lowing remarks:
"The words pronounced by M. Loubet
and the Duke of Genoa, especially the tele
grams exchanged between M. Loubet and
the King of Italy, stamp the proceedings
at Toulon with their true diplomatic sig
nificance. France and Italy yesterday
gave one another officially the title of
friends, which accords so well with the
fraternity of their genius and blood. This
la an event which must not be distorted
nor harshly interpreted. But there is lit
tle risk of exaggerating its importance,
which, taking everything into considera
tion, is considerable. Both Italy and
France have greatly changed since the
time of Bismarck and Crispi. We cannot
yet say what fruits yesterday will bring
forth, but we augur much therefrom."
The Journal des Debats says the events
at Toulon will leave a happy 6ouvenlr in
the history of France and Italy, and their
rapprochement will henceforth rank as an
established, avowed and proclaimed fact.
Pacific Sentiments of Powers.
M. Hanotaux. the former Minister of
Foreign Affairs, In an Interview is quoted
as expressing the opinion that the Toulon
demonstrations were a valuable Indica
tion of the pacific sentiments animating
the powers. The visit of the Italian squad
ron marks the end of a painful period of
terEion, Jn the relations between France
end Itaiy and points to an evolution of
the sentiments of the Italian Government
toward France.
At the luncheon on board the Lepanto,
the flagship of the Italian fleet, to-day,
the brilliant function was held on "*~ gun
deck, which was transformed into a ban
queting hall. Footmen belonging to tbe
household of the Duke of Genoa, In scar
let livery, served the table, which was
beautifully adorned with gold plate and
porcelain centerpieces filled with flowers.
The golden service was used for M. Lou
bet and the Duke of Genoa, a silver serv
ice was used for the attending Ministers,
•while a valuable Saxon porcelain service
was used for the other guests.
Genoa and Loubet ' Talk.
TOULON, April 1L— In behalf of the
King of Italy the Duke of Genoa to-day
distributed a number of decorations to the
French Ministers and military, naval and
civil officials. President Loubet spent, the
early part of the day in making a tour
of the hospitals and afterward received
at the Town Hall delegations from the
Toulon societies. He also, distributed
medals to workmen whohad been thirty
years in the same employ.
At noon President Loubet boarded the
Lepanto. the Italian flagship, and lunched
with the Duke of Genoa. The latter, in
toasting the chief executive of France,
Hid:
"Permit ine, Mr. President, to express
BOERS BEADY FOB
STUBBORN BESISTANCF.
Boute From Leydsdoran to Zouts
pansburg Is Heavily
Fortified.
' LONDON, April 12.— No further news
has been received regarding the reported
resumption of peace negotiations in South
Africa, but the fact that the censor al
lowed the report ' to pass and the fact
that the Government has not issued a de
nial are held to prove that negotiations of
some sort are in progress.
The. casualty list issued yesterday re
vealed the fact that Lord Methuen was
discharged from the hospital last week,
this being the first notification that he
had been ill.
There is no Information from. South
Africa" beyond the fact that the British
have evacuated Hoopstadt, which, the
Daily Mall observes, "seems to show that
Lord Kitchener's force Is still none too
strong."
It is t announced from Brussels that the
Dutch Transvaal " committee has handed
to Mr. Kruger a check for 1,000,000 florins,
collected In Holland for the assistance of
the Boers.
B It appears that Kruger's entourage'as
sert that, the route from Leydsdoran to
Zoutsparisburg Is heavily fortified and
able to resist the British a long time.
The British War Office has Issued the
following special order regarding surren
ders in the field: "Any officer or soldier
who, when in the presence of the enemy,
displays a .white flag or other token of
surrender will be tried by general" court
martial."
VLAJS.TIA.Jj LAW ABOLISHED
IN IDAHO BIOT CENTER
Governor Hunt Hnds No Further
Necessity for It in Shoshone
County.
BOISE, Idaho,- April 11.— Governor Hunt
to-day issued a proclamation abolishing
martial law in Shoshone County. He re
cites the circumstances under which mar
tial'law was proclaimed there and sets
forth that he has recently made a per
sonal investigation and found the county
prosperous and peaceful. .
"Martial law," he says,. "Is the spirit of
force necessary in its employment to pro
tect life and property and applicable at
any time' for that purpose.. Its operation
in time of peace * after - danger and peril
are over is repugnant to our form of gov
ernment and a menace to our institutions.
Our legislation safely places the adminis
tration of the law In the hands of the civil
authorities, "there to remain during their
ability to-nialntaln it"
Martial law was proclaimed May 4, 1S90,
following the riots of April 29.. For a long
time It has existed in form • only, ' the ad-;
ministration of affairs being entirely i in
the hands of ordinary county authorities.
SANTA- BARBARA, April ll.-The .rec
ord of disaster on the new coast railroad
was appallingly Increased to-night, 1 when
a light engine, racing down to the track
toward this city to connect with a .wait
ing train, left the rails at a- dangerous
curve and toppled over a flfty-foot em
bankment, carrying engineer and fire
man to horrible death.- The unfortunate
engineer was Elmer Balloo and the name
of his companion In the cab was Perry. .
The disaster occurred at 7:20 o'clock.
Engine 1446 was on its . way here to con
nect with No. 2 train for the run south
ward. It had no cars attached and the
only persons aboard were the two men
in the cab.
When nearlng Miramar, a small sta
tion about four miles north of Santa
jfiarbara, the engine was obliged to swing
around a sharp : curve before reaching a
high trestle. What caused the engine to
leave the track has not been determined,
but It Is thought that the roadbed gave
way near the trestlework.
In leaping from" the track the heavy
Packers Appeal to the Agricultural Department to
iM Head Off Threatened Exclusion.
GREAT BRITAIN'S PROPOSED
EMBARGO ON AMERICAN BEEF
wheels tore away a large section of the
outer rail and the giant mass of steel and
Iron plunged into a gulleyhalf a hundred
"feet" In* depth."' In the descent It turned
completely over.
The engineer and fireman evidently had
no" chance to escape. -When found they
were lying beneath the ' fragments of
¦wheels and cylinders near one of the cab
doors. Balloo was probably killed in
stantly, his head having been almost torn
from the' body. Perry's head had been
crushed by. a bar of Iron, but he lived for
ten minutes. . ;.'.- .•"»>
There was no witness to the accident,
but some graders at a nearby camp heard
the shriek of a whistle, the cries of the
men and* then the fearful crash.
- The. engine Is a total wreck and lies 300
feet from where . it left ' the track.
The rails at' this point are the- same as
ttiose used on' all the old section of the
road. The curve has been considered a
dangerous one, and the company has been
planning to eliminate it.
Terrible Disaster at a Dangerous Curve on the
Coast Road Near Santa Barbara.
ENGINE LEAPS FROM A TRACK
AND BEARS TWO MEN TO DEATH
KING OSCAR .OF SWEDEN,
WHO WILL, ARBITRATE THE
SAMOAN CLAIMS.
,__ _ _ ASHINGTON, April , ll.-Klng I
\L /\ / Oscar of Norway and Sweden
""^ yf^f' '" haS acceptedttie ¦ posvsp arbi- .
trator of the Samoan claims \
1 ¦¦ " . - - . . ¦ • . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ' .
of the United States, Great ¦ Britain^ and
Germany, although it has been made
known that his illness thus far has pre- .
vented his giving active consideration to "
the subject.' The German case has been
made 'up and Is now at Stockholm. : The
United States -case is about completed. 5?
The British claims' probably are in Stock
holm by this time, although definite word
hasnot'eome aV to 'that." King Oscar will '•>
by the tact, courtesy, ability, culture and
savoir faire of the Duke of Genoa."
- Loubet' leaves Toulon/ ''-' ? * '
Presiden? Loubet left Toulon shortly
after midnight for Montelimar, where he
will meet Mme. Loubet and visit 1 his
mother. A great crowd cheered his de
partuie.
The local fetes will continue until to
morrow night, until the international
fetes are over.
The Duke of Genoa with the Italian
warships will remain here until to-mor
row (Saturday.) The Italian sailors were
allowed ashore last evening and they
fraternized with their French comrades
ln^ the cafes- and along: the streets.
ROCKHILL'S
MISSION IS TO
RESCUE CHINA
Diplomatic Combine
Against Greedy
Germany Is Preparing lor
Permanent Stay in tbe
Celestial Empire.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N
W.. WASHINGTON, April 11.—Informa
tion received by the State Department
shows a decided disinclination on the part
of some of the powers to. accept the sug
gestion of this Government that they ma
terially reduce their claims for Indemnity
against China. Special Commissioner
Rocbhill has earnestly pressed hla col
leagues to urge their governments to be
more moderate, but It is apparent to offi
cials here that his representations will
likely have little effect. Germany is In
sisting upon her pound of flesh. She has
announced her purpose to require pay
ment of every ounce she has demanded.
It will therefore be necessary for Special
Commissioner Rockhill to form a diplo
matic combination against her in the hope
that she will abandon the extreme posi
tion she has taken. While this was pos
sible on the question of punishments it
• does not seem so easy of accomplishment
on the question of indemnity In view of
the exorbitant claims which nearly all the
powers have filed.
. May Remain Permanently..',^^
If the powers Insist upon the payment
of an indemnity such as has been de
manded the authorities say that it will
be almost impossible for the Chinese Gov
ernment to satisfy It. There has been
some discussion In offlelal and diplomatic
quarters as to the methods to be adopted
to Induce China to guarantee payment of
the claims. It was pointed out to-day
that China's entire commerce before the
Boxer revolt was valued at only $260,000,
000 and her trade at present has decreased
;tp«ane::half But the customs
revenues must pay the expenses of collec
tion and are pledged for certain loans. It
is conceded, that the suggestion of Prince
Chlng and LI Hung Chang that the cus
toms duties be Increased must be adopted.
The powers will probably appoint a com
mission to supervise the collection.
If Germany stands by her declaration to
retain troops In China until the Indemnity
is paid the authorities say that this will
mean that, she will remain permanently.
For this reason they are endeavoring to
induce the powers to reduce their, claims
so that payment can be made much more
expedltlously by the Chinese Government.
AWAITING COURT'S RETURN.
Count Okuma Says Russo-Japanesa
Crisis Is Merely Postponed.
LONDON, April 12.— "Count Okuma
(formerly Japanese Premier) asserts that
the Russo-Japanese crisis is postponed
until the Chinese court shall have return#«J
to Peking," says" the Toklo correspondent
of the Daily Express, "when Japan must
send to Russia another protest against
the occupation, of Manchuria."
According to - the Shanghai correspond
ent of the Standard the Chinese assert
that the court has decided to leave Sianfu
via Peking: for the province of Honan
May 7. -
•m-a-WV DEATHS FROM PLAGTJF.
Consul McWade Sends Report on. tke
Disease, at Canton.
PEKING. April 11— F. M. McWade.
United States Consul at Canton, China,
reports that 1000 deaths from the plague
have occurred there during the past six
weeks and that there are thirteen cases
of smallpox on board- the United States
monitor Monterey. . Only one death has re
sulted on the Monterey and the other
cases of smallpox are progressing favor
ably.- ¦ -^ :*;¦£.¦,'£
' The meetings of the foreign Ministers at
Peking have been postponed at the re
quest of M. de Glers on account of the
Easter holidays.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, April 11.—
Efforts are being rr.ade by the official
press of Venezuela to create apprehension
throughout Latin-America that the United
States Is -seeking to control the New
World. A great outcry Is being raised over
the American policy in Cuba, which, is
cited as evidence of the far-reaching am
bitions on the part of the United States.
The most influential Caracas Journal Is
sued in mourning its edition announcing
the capture of Aguiraldo. The Filipino
leader was ranked among the great heroes
of history and the American policy In the
Philippines bitterly assailed.
News from Barcelona, Venezuela, is that
the Venezuelan Government definitely re
fuses to make reparation in the case of
the American Consul, Mr. Baiz, who was
twice imprisoned ¦without cause and from
whom large sums of money were extorted
under threat of torture.
The Venezuelan Foreign - Office boasts
that It never apologizes.
Possible Naval . Demonstration.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, April 11.—Fran
cis B. Loomis. United States Minister. to
Venezuela,- arrived here this afternoon on
the United States cruiser Scorpion. Ho
will sail for New. York to-morrow, accom
panied by his wife, on the steamer Cara
cas. Loomis refused to discuss at length
the situation in Venezuela. He admitted
that there had been demonstrations of ill
feeling 1 toward Americans, but ; declared
that all was quiet when he left Caracas.
Castro's Big Savings.
Asked whether the presence of the North
Atlantic squadron. in waters near Venezu
ela, had any significance he admitted^' the
possibility of naval* demonstration iirc&ss
relations should become strained. He ex
plained, however, that at present there is
no breach In diplomatic relations between
the United States and Venezuela. He Is
absent only on leave and has left Secre
tary Russell In charge of the legation at
Caracas. He believes it will be months be
fore the asphalt dispute is decided by the
courts of Venezuela, ac only preliminary
steps have been taken !n the litigation.
Loomis emphatically declined to dis
close the nature of his report to President
McKinley, "but judging from casual-re
marks which he let | fall he Is ovldently
quite antagonistic to President Castro. He
said that the latter's salary was $12,000 a
year, but that he had laid up $2,000,000 In
the last two years., •
"President Castro told the Venezue
lans," he said, "that they and .the-Euro
peans In Trinidad were' at liberty to seize
claims in the Orinoco district on land pre
viously ceded to Americans. It was evi
dently "his Intention to embarrass the
United States Government and force it to
make armed demonstrations, such as
would possibly lead to trouble -with for
eign nations owing to the large German
and British j commercial interests on the
coast.
Revolution Is Impending.
"The Venezuelan constitutional conven
tion elected Castro Provisional President
until the autumn, when there will be an
election for an eight-year term. General
Andrade will not be President, but his
friends are working and a revolution is
possible In the course of a year. He is now
at Curacao awaiting developments.
"The situation so far as the United
States Government is concerned has
passed the acute point. Such differences
as exist can be settled diplomatically. I
scarcely- expect to return to Caracas. I
have already served four years and am
quite satisfied to bring the experience to
a close." -
Great Britain May Take a Hand.
LONDON, April 11.— At a general meet
ing of the North Coolgardle Company,
limited, held' to-day Chairman Chambers
announced that '; the directors had Just
made further. representations to the For
eign Office claiming damages for the Ille
gal action of the Venezuelan Judges re
specting the company'3 properties In that
country. Through the British Minister at
Caracas the ; Foreign Office had already
rescued the mines and machinery of the
North . Coolgardie Company from an em
bargo made possible . by, the Venezuelan
court's denial of Justice through trumped
up charges. The company now wants re
imbursement for the expenses forced upon
it and* anticipates that the Government
will present the claim in a manner to se
cure satisfaction. -
KBTTPPS: WILL DISCHABG/E
LARGE FORCE OF WORKERS
Other Factories Will, Follow Suit and
Berlin's Industrial I>epression.
* : Continues. 4
BERLIN/ April 11.— It is stated. that the"
Krupps are -about to discharge 5000 hands
from their NEssen, Buckow ¦ and { Kiel
works. ,,They have already dismissed '4000
since October. • It is also understood that
the" Ertiardt- works at Dusseldoff ' are
about. to reduce their. staff. '. \.
The industrial depression continues; Ac
cording to a recent estimate' one-fourth
of the workers in Berlin are .very Insuffi
ciently, employed; or. are -totally .Idle." The
•distress [of many > Is most acute. .' There Is
no prospect" of Improvement/ ', ¦:>•
Demonstration Against. the
Castro Government May
Be Necessary. _¦
Claim That America
Seeks to Control
•'..New, World,
VENEZUELANS
STRIVING TO
STIR STRIFE
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 1901.
VOLUME IiXXXlX— NO. 133.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
KING OSCAR ACCEPTS
POST AS ARBITRATOR
OF THE SAMOAN CLAIMS
Will Decide What Is Due the United States,
Great Britain and Germany as the
Result of Last Uprising.
have general charge not only of the de
termination of the. amount of the claims
but ! also will . have the more important
determination of what claims arose as a
necessary result of the military opera
tions during the last uprising in Samoa.
PARIS, April 1L— At the conclusion
of the festivities at Toulon to
night President Loubet departed
for his homo at Montelimar, In
the department of the Drome, to
visit his aged mother and take a few
days' repose after the fatigues of the
many functions of the week -which have
kept him occupied from early morning
until late at night. The satisfactory man
ner In which the whole affair ha* been
carried out has been personal success for
M. Loubet. Nothing but praise Is heard,
even from his opponents, at the able man
ner in which he has played his part. The
accounts agree that not a false note has
disturbed the harmony, and the tact dis
played oxf all sides from President Loubet,
the Duke of Genoa and Admiral BirlleQ"
to the minor participants in the events
•was a noteworthy feature.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 11.— The wreck
on. the Wabash Railroad near - Wilcox
early this morning, was due to an attempt
to rob the express car. After the train
had been derailed the robbers lost heart.
The fishplates of two rails had been re
moved.
Bobbers Wreck a Train.
"If the prohibition is extended to civil
as well as military officers the speedy
downfall of the Bulgarian Ministry Is al
most inevitable.- The Macedonian Con
gress is now definitely fixed for May 17
and a grave crisis is contemplated."
proves the existence of -widespread sym
pathy for the Macedonian revolution.
If You Have Rheumatism
Send no money, but writeDr.Shoop.Radne,Wl« 1
box 137.for six bottles of Dr. Snoop's Rheumatic
Cure.exp.paid. If cured pay&.SO. If not.it Is free*
LONDON, April 12.- "Strong significance
attaches to the fact," says the Constanti
nople correspondent of the Daily Chron
icle, "that the Bulgarian -Minister of War
having forbidden officers to hold. any com
munication with the Macedonian commit
tee several immediately resigned. . Thi3
Big Emigrant Shipment.
NEW YORK, April 11.— Four trans-At
lantic steamers that reached this port/to
day brought* an aggregate of 4178 emi
grants. The Tartar Prince from Naples
carried 1040, the Majestic from Liverpool
797,* the Frankfurt from Bremen 1746 and
the Westernland from Antwerp 595/
Spotted Fever Kills Three.
MISSOUL.A, Mont.. April . 11.— There
have been three deaths from spotted fever
in < this city. -Edward Moultori, just
i brought In from a lumber camp, will prob
ably die from the disease. "
SWIFT DOWNFALL OF BULGARIAN
MINISTRY IS THOUGHT POSSIBLE
Civil Officers May Follow Tlilitary Example and Re
sign Out of Macedonian Sympathy.
PITTSBURG, April 11.— The Commercial
Gazette to-morrow will say: The new-
United States Steel Corporation and the
Amalgamated Association of Iron and
Steel Workers, are to wage their first bat
tle to-day. Tne Pittsburg district of the
executive board of the Amalgamated As
sociation met to-day and decided to call
out all the employes of the W. De-wees
Wood Plant of the American Sheet. Steel
Company of McKeespbrt Monday next un-
less all men discharged since the middle
of last week were reinstated. It was also
directed to strike at once if other men of
the association were discharged before
then. After this action three more men
were given their choice of renouncing the
association or losing their positions. Upon
learning of this action the strike was de
clared at once. . • >
. NEW YORK, April 11.— The conference
between the employes and officials of the
Central Railroad of New Jersey at Jersey
City this afternoon on the wage dispute
that exists between them 1 did not lead to
definite results and will 'be resumed to
morrow. Both sides seem to be acting in
a spirit of fairness; there is an absence
of bitterness from the discussions and the
prospects for a complete adjustment of
their differences are very bright.
The meeting- this afternoon, which was
a secret one,, convened shortly after 1
o'clock and lasted until this evening. Su
perintendent Clausen headed the commit
tee of officials and Chairman Waite of the
Brotherhood of Railway Engineers was
at the head of the delegation of workers.
His fellow committeemen were with him
and many of the employes not heretofore
attached to any of the committees also
attended and took part in, the discussion.
Most of the talk of the afternoon wafe on
the wage schedule of the engineers and
firemen and the last proposition submit
ted by the railroad before the interven
tion of the' brotherhood chiefs was largelv
the basis of the discussion. It.Was.dis
cussed in detail and a variety of calcula
tions made as to the effect of its opera
tions. The conductors 'did not- participate
In the conference , as the Question of
their wages has been disposed of to their
satisfaction. The trainmen were largely
-represented and their affairs will be taken
up to-morrow.
Wurttemberg War Minister Implicat-
BARON VON" SCHOTTENSTEIN
RESIGNS HIS PORTFOLIO
ed With Accused "Woman Severs
Government , Connection.
STUTTGART, Anril 11.— Baron von
Schottenstein, Minister of. War for Wurt
temberg, concerning whom reports of res-'
igriation under pressure and suicide pend
ing painful disclosures were circulated last
month, resigned his portfolio to-day. Fcr
nine years Baron von Schottenstein, who
is a general of infantry, was Minister cf
War for Wurttembenr. •¦,'- : ; .^V;k- r".
Last ' month * a woman was arrested . In
Stuttgart, at. whose fashionable residence,
it was alleged, scandalous orgies had oc
curred. Baron Schott von Schottetistein
•«itas accused of being one of* the principal
participants and. was called upon to testify
at the preliminary hearing of the charges
against the accused woman. Shortly,after
ward he was given ieave of absence by
the King of Wurttemberg and there was a
report that -he had committed - sUicHe.
From the outset his dismissal or his resig
nation was expected as the inevitable out
come of the scandal. . ,
Death : of T-wo Cayalrymeni
WASHINGTON, 7 April . : lL-rGeneral
"Wood reports from Havana .the ' follow r
ing deaths:; Holguin.^April 2, Cook Wil
liam H: Farrell, Tenth vCavalry, ¦ self-in
flicted gunshot wound ;-*Yamo, April 3,
Private Frank A. D. Brown; : Tenth Cav
alry, drowning..
French. Miners in Congress.
LENS, ; France, April 11.— The Congress
of French Miners opened in' Lens , to-day,
"unless the French Government agrees to
bring in an' eight-hour dayblllthe dele
gates will - probably - vote for : ~ a" . general
:Btrike.r ;-;• :;/¦.•: /•;,-; '" -;•...'¦:'..,"•-, ¦¦.-,:H-::\
FIRST BATTLE BETWEEN STEEL.
WORKERS AND TRUST OCCURS
Amalgamated Association Issues Ultimatum Which
Is Ignored, and Strike Is Declared.
THE "dull day" Is evidently the
only one not provided for in the
scheme of things at the Industrial
Allied ; Arts, exhibition. ' Besides
the interesting exhibit itself, elab
orate musical programmes have been ar
ranged by the energetic ladies of the Call-
LADIES PROMINENT IN WORK
OF- THE, INDUSTRIAL, ARTS .
EXHIBITION.
(b) "The Stare, Are Shining In Heaven"..
.%.... Bambergwr
Sons,. "Harold's Bridal Song" Bruch
Robert Lloyd.
•Directed by Miss .Estelle . Carpenter. '
I'lano, filth Barcarolle . Rubinstein
»¦ ¦ -Miss Bessie Gowan. '
Chorus, Band . of Mercy Children, Hum
boldt and Adams -Schools....
Directed by Miss Katharine Black. :
Song, "Der wanderer* V. .Schubert
I - Mrs. L. . Sedgley Reynolds.: .
Accompanist. Miss Mamie C. Barrett.
Guitar, "May Breezes".,....... ;..Kreipl-Ferrer
• Miss: Elsie Tooker.
Chorus. Eighth Grades..".'.. :.... Clement School
Directed by Miss Estelle Carpenter. -
' . ' v . EVENING. ' ;
< Violin— (a) "Romance" from Second Con- '
certo ..... Wienlawskl
* (b) "Perpetuum M,oblle" Ries
'.'—¦: Miss Grace ' Freeman; •
Accompanist, Richard A. Lucchesi.
¦ Seng, "In a Ballroom" Erik Meyer
• ' Mrs. George D. Graham.
Reading, "Song of the- Violin"
¦ Miss Martha Miller. . - ¦ -.'
Barytone solos, "Waiting" / Millard
"The Palms" ;.. -....
* ' J.. G. Fraser.
Accbmpanist, Miss Irene Sylvester.
Treble Clef Club—
(a) "The Bridal of the Bird3*'...*
Brlnley Richards
(b) "Love's Messengers".. Charles F. Hpwell
President, Mrs. ! Nathan H. Frank. Leader,
• : :, . Robert Lloyd. .
¦ : Accompanist: 'Mrs. "E. T. • Guttersoh.
Piano — (a) "Nocturne" Sgambatt
(b) "Papillon"" Grieg
Miss Mamie C Barrett./
Song, "Revelavione" Marlanl
Miss Lotta Musto.
Treble Clef Club^ :"¦ '~ ' ¦¦
(a) "No Evil Shall Befall Thee*
......'...-... ........Oratorio of ''Eli"
MANILA, April 11.— Colonel Vellia, Agui
naldo's chief of^taff, and Dr. Barcelona,
ex-treasurer of . the Phlllppirfe "govern
ment/' captured at the same time General
Funston made , prisoner of their chief,
were liberated to-day. .
Aguinaldo will probably be removed in
a few days to a private house In the vicin
ity of Malacanan, where he will be pro
visionally held as prisoner under guard.
It is said Aguinaldo fears the vengeance
of the friends of General" Luna, who was
assassinated by order of Aguinaldo, and
the authorities are afraid to let him out
of their hands. The authorities refuse to
say a word on the subject and their ac
tions are not explained; ¦
Aguinaldo Is said to have prepared a
brief manifesto to the' Filipinos, in which
he advises them to submit, and gives his
reasons for doing so. . ' He ; acknowledges
the Incapacity of the Filipinos to govern
themselves, and advises their . leaders as
for their best interest to give in. This
manifesto is being translated into Taga
log, Spanish and English, but it is not
known whether it has as yet been signed
by Aguinaldo. :
Senor Buencamino, one of the leaders
of the Federal party, announces that he
intends to renounce politics. .He refuses
to call and see Aguinaldo. Senor. Paterno,
the head of the new Autonomy . party,
promises to organize a new party after
the conclusion , of peace. The object of
this party will be to • secure a territorial
form of government.- . ' :
¦ ILOILO, Island 5 of Panay, April v 11. —
General Martin Delgado, the chief insur
gent commander in- the island of .Panay
until his surrender in January, has been
appointed Governor of , the province I of
Iloilo, created by the United States Phil
ippine Commission to-day. Judge Taf t s
announcement of the appointment waa
greeted . with shouts of enthusiasm from
the delegates and spectators. General
Delgado was recommended ¦ by General
Hughes, his superior officer, and the na
tives as honest, capable and popular. His
salary, will be $3000 gold, the highest paid
any Provincial ¦ Governor. Lieutenant
Thompson of the Thirty-eighth Regiment
was aDpointed Treasurer. ~ The other offi
cials are natives. The province contains
nearly half the population of Panay, esti
mated at a million persons.
A feature of the session of the commis
sion to-day was ". the ' opposition made ¦ to
the land taxation provision, but a | fuller
explanation of the American system . suf
ficed to remove the. objections. t r .?; ' ";-.
WASHINGTON," April 11.— The War De
partment received the ¦ following cable
gram: .¦¦¦¦:¦:•'. -'.'':¦¦'- *!&•« :¦¦:.¦: ,
"MANILA, April 11.— Adjutant General.
Washington: Colonel Acre surrendered at
CastillejoB yesterday, with 335 soldiers,
twelve officers -and- arms.' .This and the
surrender of Colonel Alva at Poringo, on
April 8, with thirteen officers, 394 men and
ninety-two rifles, frees Bataan, Zambales
Province: ; " -*., Mac ARTHUR."
•The transport Garonne sailed from Ma
nila on March 9 with the -Twenty-sixth
Volunteer Infantry, except Company "F,
arid has not yet been reqprted at- San
Francisco.. This has . not caused ' any ap-'
prehension at the "War Department; as it
took the Garonne* eleven days to ; reach
Nagasaki, , coal and r resume t her '<¦ voyage,
while the other transports* take only nine
days. . She is • a slow vessel and may be,
a week behind the other transports if she
makes , no better time between - Nagasaki
and San . Francisco than she did on the
first part of the. voyage.
Aguinaldo's Chief of -Staff
and Treasurer Regain
Their Liberty. :
TWO FILIPINO
OFFICERS FREED
The attendance was large both in the
afternoon and evening. , \
The programme of this afternoon whl
be of particular faterest to the small boy
and girl. Children of the Band of Mercy
from the Humboldt and Adams schools
(twenty-four), one hundred children from
the .fourth grade Moulder School and one
hundred from the eighth grade Clement
School, will sing chrruses under the di
rection of Miss Estelle Carpenter and her
assistant, Miss Katharine Black, j The
complete programme is as follows:!
I " ¦¦-{ ¦• ¦ •' • S AFTERNOON. • ¦ , '•
Trio piano, violin and cello
Chorus by children of- Fourth . graclq, ..
Moulder "School '........'...."
GUN OF MYSTERY
WILL BE TESTED
Weapon of 'Which Design
Has Been Kept Secret;
Now to Be Fired. 1-
Believed to Bs Modeled After Frencfi.
Piece of Field Artillery and' •»_•...
From Carefully Guarded^; •
Plans. ' : . ¦ -A ¦;¦'; ';
WASHINGTON, April 11.— Preparations
are making for quite an extensive and
Important test of fleld 5 gtins . . at
Bandy Hook some time in May.* At pres
ent the army is not well equipped with
fleld guns, compared with other nations,
and the War Department wishes to obtain
the very best guns possible for the equip
ment of this Important branch'; of the
service. The tests will be Under the di
rection of the Board of Ordnance and
Fortifications. The board, not, only will
test such guns as may be presented . by
manufacturers and inventors, but It is ex
pected that the new gun modeled on the
plan of French fleld guns and construct
ed under the direction of the Board of
Ordnance and Fortifications will be
tested. '
The plans for this gun were obtained
by an army officer who was sent abroad
last summer and who claimed to have
secured complete details of this .-gun',
which artillery experts have asserted is
the best in the world.
The mechanism of this gun has been
concealed and its secret carefully guard- '
ed by the French Government. The report
that the United States army has ob
tained the plans of the French gun caused
considerable comment at the time it was ;
xnade public, and since then the procedure
of the department with reference to the
gun have been watched with Interest
by ordnance experts. The French Gov
ernment has not guarded more carefully
the mechanism of its gun than the Board
of Ordnance has the making- of the new
fleld gun whicn is expected to be tested
in May.
PROTEST AGAINST
SCHOOL LAWS
Mgr. Conaty Claims Educa
tional Legislation Is Un
fair to Catholics.
CHICAGO. April 1L— Educational legis
lation in the United States was attacked
to-day in the discussions at the Roman
Catholic educational conference as beiny
unfair, partial rjid prejudicial to the
rights of individuals and to religious in
stitutions in the tendency of the laws to
absolute state control o? schools.
The paper on "Educational Legislation
in the United States," which brought out
the discussion, was read by Rev. James
P. Fagin, S. J., vice president of George
town University.
Professor E. J. Jtyan, A.M.. of Mount
St. Mary's College, Emmettsburg, Md.,
read a paper on "Teaching of English in,
College," in which he pleaded for the
purity and thoroughness of the language.
Speakers a\ the afternoon session de;
-clared that modern educational legislation
threatened the life of the parochial schools
system. All this class of legislative action,
they said, serio'isly discriminated against
the church schools and every other system
of education which seeks to combine re
ligious training with learning. It was ar
gued that under existing conditions Cath
olics were compelled to pay taxes for the
support of public schools which their
children do not attend. It was insisted
that the state should recognize Catholic
schools on the same basis as the other
educational institutions to which financial
assistance is
Monsignor Conaty- said: "We are not
here by sufferance, but we are here ia
American citizens demanding our rights.
We are not asking for favor; all we want
is justice. We want recognition as citi
zens and taxpaj-ers in school affairs. We
believe that no true «*ducation is possible
without religious instruction and we have
a right to insist upon our demands. Thers
is no doubt that nearly ail the educational
lairs enacted by the States are aimed at
the Catholic school system. It is our duty
both to ourselves and our people to pro
test and continue protesting until our ab
jections are heeded."
Father Dowlins: of the Omaha Univer
sity expressed the fear that Catholics had
in the past not kept In close touch with
the improved methods advocated by non
sectarian institutions. They failed to pre
sent their arguments to the mass of the
people by means of the newspapers, mag
azines and other publications. -
Elaborate land A¥ell=ChQ5en Musical Program me Will Be the Fea t u re
of Each Afternoon and Night Performance.
NO DULL DAYS IN THE SCHEME OF THINGS
AT THE INDUSTRIAL ALLIED ARTS EXHIBITION
PREPARE TO SIGN
SUITABLE TREATY
If Possible Draft Will Be
; Made Before President's
Departure.
Negotiations on Foot Between Great
Britain and the United States
Belative to the Isthmian
CALL ¦ BUREAU, 1403 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 11.— Active ne
gotiations - are in progress between the
United States and "Great Britain relative
to the isthmian canal treaty. If it can bo
accomplished Secretary Hay and Lord
Pauncefote will arrange a draft of the
treaty betore trie departure of the 1'resi
dent and his Cabinet on. their Westera
tnp in tne latter part of tnia montn. xt
seems to be the impression, however, that
tl^e matter wul not be determined within
that time and that L-ord Pauncefote, when
he sails for Kngmnd in June, will tare,- .
with him the draft agreed upon with SS«e
re just how^far the negotiations have pro
ceeded cannot be ascertained, but enough
is known to indicate that the administw-'
tion is confident that a treaty will be
signed wnich will receive the approval or
the Senate, though perhaps not M-ithouni
"irusgie. A basis ot negotiation has been
agreed upon and an active interchange of
views has occurred. Great Britain has
shown a disposition to supersede the J-W
ton-Bulwer treaty, it is said ty a reliable
puthoritv but as a condition to this ac-
Son sh? desires the insertion of articles
specifically reiterating the prohibitions
against occupation, colonization or as
sumption ot any dominion whatsoever
over any part of Central America by
either the United States or Great Brita n,
as set forth in the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
Great Britain considers trie Senate amend
ment, which reserves to the United States
the right of taking any .peps"^" ™£
find necessary to Secure by its own fortes
the defense of the Lntted States, or
greater importance than the abrogation
of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. The
amendment is altogether too ya«ie. and
she would prefer that the United States
§e more specific. She also favors observ
ance of thVgeneral principle of neutrality
as set forth in article 111 of the original
Hay-Pauncefote treaty. whicn waa
stricken out by the Senate.
There is a disposition in quarters not
immediately connected with the negotia
tions to believe that Great Britain Is lead-
Ing up to the submission of a proposition
to the United States that in return for
the abrogation of the dayton-Buiwer
treaty this Government make concessions
in Alaska, There have been .frequent ru
mors of this character of late, but it can
be stated emphatically that the Resident
and Secretary Hay will under no circum
stances alienate one foot of American ter
ritory, and it can be added that such prop
osition. If submlttea. will be immediately
April il.-When J. P. Morgan
landed at Liverpool this morning he de
clared he knew nothing regarding the
Panama canal schemes with which his
name has been connected in the English
press. At London Morgan Was met by J
P. Morgan Jr., his two grandchildren
and a number of reporters. To the latter
he declined to give any Information. Let
me alone, will you?" he said to the Rroup.
feurried to his carriage and drove off wnn
a grandchild on each knee.
TKESAN iflf ANCISCO CALL^FRIMY, APKIt 12, 19O1.
2
fornia Club for every afternoon and even-
Ing during: the exhibition that will rep
resent the names of most of the promi
nent musicians and entertainers in 1 town.
I.ast night the programme Included every
thing from a Handel aria, well given by
George McBride. to a coon song, charm
ingly sung by Miss Queen Eugenie Mont
gomery. Others among the entertainers
of the: evening were Madame Emella To
jetti.-who gave a 'fine aria from. "Don
Carlos," Verdi; " Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt,
with two Chopin numbers: Mrs. Harry
Samuels, Vieuxtemps' and Wieniawski's
"Reverie" and "Obertass"; two flute solos
by R. Rodemann: Miss Florence Doane.
Miss Elsie Tooker, Miss GiorgianI, Miss
Julia A. Tharp, Miss Edna Montgomery,
Miss Joseohine Scott, Herbert Williams,
Richard A. Lucchesi, Harry Wood'Brown,
Frederick O'Connell and Frederick
Kramer.
In the afternoon Arthur Weiss gave a
cello solo, Signora Politini gave an aria
from "La Giaconda" and Grieg's "Sun
shine" song, and Miss Marie Wilson, Mrs.
M. Frances, M. Brennan. Mrs. C. .C. Dar
ling, Mrs. K. H. Chalmers, Mrs. Susie
Hert-Mark, Miss Adams and Herbert
Williams were also on the programme.
The day's music was In charge of Mrs.
"VV. P. Buckingham.
/ An admirable feature of the exhibition
is the good .catalogue that is -issued,' with
full information, including price, of every
exhibit. The ladles of the club report a
very encouraging list of sales for the day,
particularly in the textile department.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DBJEYEBS&CO,
Specialists, Dis-
ease and .Weakness
of- men. Estab-
lished lSSL Consul-
tation and private
book free, at offlcs
or by mail. Curea
: guaranteed. 721
Market street (ele-
v a t o r entrance),
San Francisco.
DE. W0N& WOO TEA AND H2RB SAHITAaiUa.
764- 788 CLAT STREET.
t- 6an Francisco, Dec. '24. 1J00.
To, all whom it may concern:
In December. 1899. I was taken
«lck with Black Typhoid Fever,
the most virulent type known
to medical science. I had hem-
orrhages, both nasal and int«3-
m „ tlnal, eight ot the latter pecur-
V Ins In one day. Dt Wonac
Woo, the eminent Chines* phy-
sician, was called, and with one dose ot bN
tea stopped the flow of blood, thereby savin?
my life, as I had been gtven up by/ my "whit*
physician, as well as by. all my friends. Wai
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Wons.Woo's
wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation In six months from the time I went to
bed, and now I weigh 202 pounds, more than I
had ever attained previously. I would cheer-
fully recommend Dr. Wong Woo to any one in
need of & first-class physician for any cam*
whatsoever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Goldea
Gate ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
;•:-; To Prevent Pneumonia ; an.d jSrip.
Laiat 1 ve Brbmo-QUlnlne ¦ remorei \ the *cauae. •
DR. GROSSMAH'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For • the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and^analogcras complaints of ttu
Organs of Generation. : , ¦ ?
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druntet*^
PDTTCU17C vo^- BARBERS. BAK-
,DnUOriJuO era bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers." bookbinders, candy- maker*, cannery
dyers, Courmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.' sta-
blemen, tar-roof era. tanners tailors,; etc
BUCHANAN BROS. > ';
Brush Manafactursrs, 609 Sacramento Sfc
f FAVOR ITE^
SGRIPHON
RWEAKWOMEIV.
LA^G£S12£i5 $
L.MJLLER&SONS^
543 . BROADWAY. NY. US. A. |
* Just unpacked these' hats, having'receiveo
them 'fresh. -from the [ factory. They are th^
equal of the exclusive hatters' $i. 50 hat.
You can verify this. bv buying one of tht
hits, and then in addition you will get a 16
'•'; >f satisfaction out of wearing it.
Fedoras Regular Golfs and Fiat Brim Golf
: ;n black^brown, cedar; .pearl^blue pearLano
'. steel. Derby s in biack and ;brown.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. -,
I 1 ; TI8 Market Street.
ficaicTs Business gollege ttigbt School*
3. CO. GHffitb...PrincipaI. 24 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Slczc every opportunity ' • . * •
i^ r^fTf'' l T*itn& llloli
are many young people, and even
* i **"^^^^^^^^^^^>^^ -•' ; those more advanced in years, who would
<.' Sfa^y avail themselves of an opportunity
QJ$r t0 Z£t l uue a 2°°^ business education if they
i^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Pf could only see the way clear to do so. They
i^ii^^^^^^^^^^^^^f^&WJ- . f°Hy appreciate the many advantages of a
1 '' thorou g l1 business; training, but being en-
\'' ** $ ¦ *.*V '^SlTSSljIi gag^d during the day they seem to think
"^Ss&lw iSllr5i®s •§» ** a 055^* 3^ or 3cm t0 P urs «e a
course of studies. For al' such, our Nigbt
'"'"^^^^^^^^p&(^hp^\ School" affords an excellent opportunity to
•¦^^^^w^^^^^S^ 2p"1 ' secure as thorough a business training as
>^\^if^iif?Y^~~ x r ' **t * they would secure by attending our day
school, i b& s&mc studies are taught in *
the evening as in the day sessions and every facility for thorough and practical work
afforded our day students is enjoyed by those attending our Night School. .
There is hardly a more pleasant, and certainly 'no more profitable way, of spend-
ing the evenings than in attending our Night School. - The studies, instead of being
tiresome and irksome, are pleasant and fascinating. Our students are engaged in
fo»rr.?ng business as it is actually done in the best business houses, t They are storing
trp a vast fend of practical knowledge that will be useful to them in after life, no
rr»arfr* what pursuits they may follow. : Such knowledge cannot fail to. make their,
lives better and more fruitful in satisfactory results.
A Night School course will pay rich dividends, and the time . A-.-
*V^ and*-money expended will prove J a profitable investment. m^r
Our terms are reasonable and bur facilities are- first-class. ' Everything possible will
be done to make the night sessions pleasant and profitable to our students. k. ¦;
Do you wish to know more about Bookkeeping, Penmanship, Shorthand, Type-
writing, Business Papers, Commercial Law, Correspondence, Spelling, Grammar,
Spanish,— in short— all branches of study included in a first-class business education?
Chen do wot tail to attend Weald's Business College night School.
Ja^sai III n<lsa R3 Cf^s sTiwl
si S3k ™ Hj ES^Bl fell fcfll flft p&Bk tiJudge Gardner Passes Away While Fellow-
Citizens Honor Him With Re-election.
MARIN RECORDER'S LABOR
TERMINATED BY DEATH
THB LATE JUDGE GARDNER,
WHO WAS MARIN COUNTY'S
RECORDER. •"
SAN RAFAEL. April 1L— One of
the oldest residents of this coun
ty, Judge Edwin Gardner, died at
his home In this city to-day after
an illness of several weeks. For
the past two years he had served the peo
ple as Recorder of this city, and at the
election held here last Monday the people
testified their appreciation of him by re
electing, him. notwithstanding the fact
that a desperate fight was made for the
office by other candidates. The belief that
h© might get well was all the people re
quired, and the news of his re-election
was carried to what proved to be his
deathbed.
¦ Judge Gardner was a native of New
Tork and €S vears of age. He came to
this State in 1852 and settled in this coun
ty. Later he engaged In mining in Placer
County, but kept his home here. In 1869
he took a trip East to visit his old home.
In 1876 he was elected Justice of the Peace
for San Rafael Township, and this office
he held until this city incorporated, when
he was elected City Recorder. For many
years he has served as Deputy County
Assessor. At the time of his death he
-was also Deputy State Dairy Inspector.
In the. early days the Judge settled on
a piece of Government land below Corte
Madera and afterward erected a house
that was a mansion in its time. In com
mon«*rtth other settlers he lost his ranch,
it being Swallowed in a Spanish grant.
- After nearly half a century's residence
hf re Judge Gardner died without an en
emy; A jj£ep .sense of justice and a strong
moral courage were features in his
character. Kind words and universal
sorrow to-day testify how deeply the peo
ple appreciated his sterling qualities. Two
daughters and a son survive him. There
are elso tvro brothers, residing in Mill
Valley. One. an ex-Sheriff, Jacob Gard
rer. is very ill. The deceased was a mem-
-¦ Another carload of-ininks and valises
Just received, which we are selling at our
carload prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., -741
Market street. v •
SEVEN. TONS OF FISH .
CATJGHT IN ONE SEINE
School . of ., Black-Finned , Croaker
. Nearly Destroy an Immense
Net Near San Diego.
SAN DIEGO. < April ll.-Somethlng litt'e
less than wonderful was the result of the
hauling of one seine through the surf at
Oceanside last evening. The seine, whicii
is carried out beyond the breakers in a
boat and after being payed out to* its full
length -Is brought In through ¦ the* surf
once more to the shore, . was dropped
around a great school of . black-finned
croaker. " The fish were so" numerous that
they were seen attempting to escape from
the seine before it was hauled to the surf,
and for fear of breaking: the : meshes
about half of the catch was shaken out.
The fish were all about' the .same size,
from eighteen to Jtwenty- four- inches in
length, and nearly Vsevenj^tons- wero
brought to shore. George Harris and G.'
McGowan, who handled: the catch. . de
tlare that close to half of what they had
surrounded had to be " shaken out. They
shipped five tons of the. fish to Los An
geles, and the .entire country » about ¦
Oceanside has beeti surfeited with
croaker to-day. • • -
•Benicia Presbytery Adjourns.
SANTA ROSA, April 11—BeniciaPresby
tery. which has been in session , here for
the past two days, adjourned this • after
noon. Napa. •was chosen as the. place for
holding the next session. The election of
delegates to the; General, Assembly* re
sulted as follows^ The Rev. William
Baesler and Elder Bouick, delegates, and
the . Rev. D." M. Gillies and Elder Wag
genseller alternates. The Rev. F. F.
Burnham was inade chairman of the per
manent committees on freedraan.
Takes Bride to His Ranch.
SAN JOSE,^ April 11.— Mr. and Mrs. j
Hugh Tevis, who were married in San
Francisco, arrived on the midnight' train
last" night and stayed at the Vendome.
They-' left this afternoon for Mr. Tevis'
ranch in Monterey; County.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postofflce " Appointments and v Ar
rangements an'd Pensions
Issued at Washington.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The follow
ing postoffices have been established: Or
egon—Alville, Gilliam County, Allen Mc-
Conriell Postmaster. /.V; *
Washington— McGowan, Pacific County,
Edmond P. Noonan Postmaster. . .-».•
Postofflce discontinued:, California—
Blenheim, San Mateo ' County, mail to
Half moon Bay, Instead of Colma, as here
tofore ordered. ¦ ¦ . • ...
Postmasters have been commissioned as
follows: California— Henry M. Johnson,
Burnett; 'William F. Isert, Bethels Oregon
— Mary A. Emerson, Hadleyville.
Postmasters appointed:' California-
Anna E. Bird, Confidence, • . Tuolumne
County, vice Avlla Daveluy, removed; J.
E. Bouquet, San . Pablo, Contra Costa
County, vice M. S. Chichester, resigned.
"Washington — W. H.' McCoy, Reardon, Lin
coln County, vice J. S. Capps, resigned.
These pensions were issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Original—George Schill, San Fran
cisco, $8: Benjamin C. Bohn, Burbank, $6
.Restoration and increase— Patrick Moore,
dead, San Francsco, $12: Increase-^John
D. Palmer. San Diego, $10; David Loder
Soldiers' Home, Los* Angeles, $12; John C
Hall, Redlands. $10; Robert R. Moore 'Los
Angeles. ,$10; Stephen H. Carpenter, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles. $8. Original
widow— Mary Moore, San Francisco, $8
Washington — Original — David Ros<*
Thorp, • $6. Increase— Nelson J. Martin
Spokane, $10. Original widows — Martha E.
Pence, Lacenter. $8.- • - .-
Brief "Freedom for a. Chinese.
SAN JOSE. April 11.— Ah Look, charged
with the killing of Lee Wing,. as a result
of ill-feeling between Hval Chinese tongs
in this city on March 14, was discharged
to-day on: preliminary examination, in
Justice Rosenthal's court,, but was im
mediately reafrested on a" "warrant" from
Justice "Wallace's court charged with the
same offense. Deputy -Sheriff Rives* and
Policeman Hughes Identified Ah ; Look as
the man who. did the shooting, but* several
other white witnesses testified that at the
time of the shooting Ah Look was more
than . a " block '• away. . ;
Wins a Bride at Three Score. .
rr NEVADA CITY, I April 1L-Joseph' Pow
ley of : New .York,- aged 61 .. years," and
Louisa A". Johnson: of, Oregon, * acred . ->C
years, have. just been: married in tola city
and will reside* in Grass Valley. •
,. REDDING, April 11.— The plaintiff will
receive the decision in the now famous
case of the Balaklala Mining Company
against the Iron Mountain Investment
Company. "While no decision was gitan at
the conclusion of the trial to-day Superior
Judge Edward Sweeny announced from
the bench that the plaintiff was entitled
to a decision, 'but upon request of its at
torney' the defendant" corporation was
allowed ten days in . which to file new
briefs. •
The mining gase has attracted attention
throughout the State. The best of im
ported legal talent was here to represent
the different contestants. The Iron Moun
tain Investment Company is the de
velopment branch of the Mountain Copper
Company. It secured a six months bond
in the sum of $200,000 on the large
Balaklala copper property which adjoins
the Iron Mountain mine on the north. It
explored the ore body and then secured
a month's extension of option. • •
. Toward the close of the month It be
gan negotiations for a new bond in order
to further investigate the property. Let
ters passed and at the last moment of
grace a telephone message to San Fran
cisco announced that the $15,000 additional
required, under the proposed new bond
would-be paid and a second option for
$200,000 taken. ¦ • .-
C. A. Malm of the plaintiff corporation
told the people they were too late. It is
understood his company has other buyers
in view. The . Iron Mountain Company
kept possession of the mine and the Bal
aklala people br-ought suit for recovery
and for $50,000 damages. At the trial the
defendant contended the letters that
passed to and fro regarding a second bond
form in themselves a contract but Judge
Sweeny will hold otherwise. ••
No evidence was adduced showing dam
age, so that point will not be connected
with the Judgment.
Iron -Mountain Investment
Company Loses Its Big
Lawsuit.
CAME TOO LATE
WITH THE COIN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI, April 10.— The domestic difficul
ties in the household of "W. H. Spring
field, which have furnished material for
sensational publications in various part-?
of the country, are again' to the fo-e.
There is now on file In the Superior
Court of San Joaquin County a suit
brought by Mrs. Sarah F. Springfield
against her niece. Miss Mary France*
Kershaw for $5000 damages # to soothe the
pain of an alleged alienation of her hus
band's affections!
Since last Friday nothing has been seen
of Springfield in Lodl. He had been ca-
ing for the Kershaw orchard and sud
denly, disappeared. Miss Kershaw de
clares she does not know of the man's
whereabouts, but feels satisfied that ne
will not return to Lodi.
The complaint sets forth that in the
month of May, 1899, at Centerville, Pa.,
while Mrs. Springfield and her husband
were happily living together, Miss Ker
shaw visited their home for the purpose
of alienating the affections of the hus
band and winning them, for herself, and
that she succeeded in doing so. The
complaint continues: -" >"
In pursuance of her wrongful purpose de
fendant remained In the company of plaintiff's
husband against the expressed will and wish
of plaintiff, and in the hearing- and presence
of plaintiff made love to her said husband,
and permitted him to fondle and kiss her, and
wrongfully continued to do so in the presence
and hearing of plaintiff until' the month of
July, 1900, at Rawllngs. State of Wyoming,
where defendant, still wrongfully contriving
and Intending to injure plaintiff and to de
prive her . of the society, comfort and assist
ance of her said husband,' maliciously enticed
him away from plaintiff and Induced him to
accompany her to her cwn residence at | Lodi,
San Joaquin County, State of California, and
ever since has there detained and harbored
him. the said Springfield, against the will and
wish and without the consent of plaintiff. ,.
Mrs. Springfield Is steadily employed
here as a dressmaker, and says she will
remain until the suit against her niece
is decided. Springfield's ¦> two sons I are
with Miss Kershaw on the neat little fruit
ranch at Woodbridge.
* -. ¦ ; •
ber of San Rafael Lodge No. 24, A. O. U.
"W., and also of Marin Lodge No. 191, F.
and A. M. The funeral will be under the
auspices of the latter order In this city at
1:30 next Sunday afternoon. :.
BLAMES NIECE
FOR INFELICITY
Mrs. Sarah Springfield at
Lodi Files a Suit for
Damages.
Special Dispatch to The dall.
SAN RAFAEL, April 11.— A novel^pro'
ceeding was commenced in the Superior
Court here to-day. • Peter Moran,, an old
resident of thl3 county, 'filed an applica
tion to be 'appointed the guardian of his
daughter. Margret Moran, alleging in" his
application that Miss Moran 'is an in
competent person and not capable of tak
ing care of her property. ' ' "I
Behind the simple wording of the pa
pers filed to-day is an interesting, story.
For years Peter Moran has , conducted a
wayside house and small ranch on. the
road some miles above" this city. His
daughter Margaret, or Maggie, as she
was called, lived with him.i His .son
Nicholas left home and made hfs way '.n
the world, becoming in time an eng^eer
on the Denver & Rio Grande .Ra'.iroad,
running out of E>enver.\ Nick was "much
older than Maggie and after the^Ieath of
the mother he took a. renewed interest
in his little sister. One day several years
ago Nick Moran met his d^ath in a wash-'
out some miles past Denver. •¦-.-, . ¦
Shortly after his death It- was found
that he had insured his life in favor of his
sister, Maggie, to the amount of over $5000.
Being of age Miss Moran in- due time col
lected the money and then/ began the
change in her life, ¦ which culminated* in
the action of he*r father to-day.- Upon re
ceiving her money, ranch life with its
chicken feeding became so irksome that
Miss Margaret departed from her home
and sought the luxury afforded guests
at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco.
The story of her life and. dwindling for
tune on her mbre exr>ensive walk in life
would fill a book if all is true that rumor
says. I Trips up and Jown the coast in
state, auiet jaunts toward the East — In
fact, the Joyous life of an heiress whose
purse -the depths of "vhich no hand could
reach seemed to be the portion of this
farmer's girl. Wherever she went her am
bition seemed to be to create the impres
sion that she possessed vast wealth. "Wait
ers were tipped with a lavish hand and
carriages waited at her call. _
About a year &go she met ¦ W. F. "War
burton, who is now in Jail awaiting trial
for the murder of Matthew Reilly last
January. She has fr&quently called upon
him in Jail and gossip has seized upon thia
fact to say that there is some tender feel
ing between them. This is not believed,
however, by those who claim to know.
Miss Moran is nbw at her father's ranch
In his custody and a small portion of the
legacy Is supposed to repose in a . local
bank. It is to save this that her much
respected father has taken to-day's step.
J. W. Cochrane, the father's attorney,
said to-night that he did not believe Miss
Moran -would contest the action.
Peter Moran Fears That the Young
• Woman Will Squander Honey
Left Her by Her
Brother. .
Novel Application to the
Courts by a Marih
v;: County Man.
SAYS DAUGHTER
NEEDS GUARDIAN
TELE SAN FRANCISCO; CAIili, FRIDAY, APRIlir lli, 190i:
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOHY
CS ::iiui2nrsr.btt.e±t7i.s.r.ca:.
iJT The Laxeest Anitomical Museum in tbe
-» »*^- world. Weaknesses or mr contracted
*E SH iiease P»»HI»^ly nri-4 n^ the oldest
' /gMSI on tbe Ccut. Esc 36 years.
r^^l DR- J O R BAH-DISEASES OF KEN
f (JjSeiJct Con^ultition free and strictly private.
I ; Jwr Vt fl TrM!nien t personslly or by letter. A
fi ' h II B A«tt«w Cwrt in e»erjr case undertaken.
til lift - Write for Book. PBILOftOrilY of
i'l II »*»«I»«E. MAILED FKEE. ( A.
(i {J. valuable book for nri)
net JOICOA.V «t «o.. 1031 ifarkftSt..S?F.
Seveii^and=a=half Mid ten dollars
These are the prices of two lines^ (if ready-to-wear spring suits and
overcoats that have awakened interest among our customers and the
.clothes-needing public in general. The bare prices are not attractive — it's
when you see the goods, see their finish, see their style, that you enthuse
iAt $7.50 we have fast-colored: indigo blue serges in all-wool, good weight mate-
rial, and also all-wool tweeds in the latest shades of checks and stripes.
At $10.00 we show an assortment of clay worsteds in- steel, gray and olive
shades,- and also about twenty patterns of tweeds in stylish checks and stripes.
Union made and guaranteed
These clothes are made in our own light, airy, clean and healthful workshops
by union labor. We employ union labor because its workmanship is the best fn the
world. 4 We make our own clothing so as to sell at lower prices than other dealers
and to be thoroughly acquainted with the goods in .order to guarantee them. Our
designingand cutting is done by the finest talent in this country. They are men
who are constantly in touch with the sources of fashion. Our customers always get
the very latest at the lowest prices. * ; ;
• --¦¦-• i^ »:¦ . . /•.' ii •. * • j V .'-'/• '^ ¦ ¦ 4 •"-"-•¦• ' • '- • •' i_ ¦
This is Norfolk week in our juvenile department, and a^i3?2r « t^^'
we are prepared for it with a large stock representing -w$?^$- >/f JyT^^ y
many goods at popular . prices. f , As you jkhow, this is a ; \^^ v v!*^n
big department, and we can and do. -carry an immense, jL^h/3
assortment in every line of children's, boys J and youths' -^ -J^^lMf^f^t^ /fI^^^Pfllte*\
• The Norfolk is a popular style of suit, designed .for |A|ot^^ V^ftllliffl
toys from 5 to 1 2 yeats of -age. The suits, come in two -I A 1 f | M IlL . . ///M fli 1 I (||i\
styles-one with yoke front like the left-hand" picture. £ I: | I ||» / fmmMmWmWk
and the other with plaits extending under the collar, as 1^1. I 1 ' -WMmWiSm
shown in the right-hand picture. Suits come with knee .iKjHj lillflJI \ ¥IMif5^!P^iP
pants or knickerbockers. The, sprincr patterns, in .which ' 1 \M' |H| : I^ a \^\Ww^&^
.they are made up comprise tweeds, cheviots, French Ijl IfBS ! ffSTOi|ffl\m^ l V fl-'ffl Mm W'^IW
flannels and homespuns; the prices are $3.50, $4.Q0, 1H{ I i]ll||fX^r. lfc ffl|ff I |l
Boys' pajamas, allcolors and patterns, $1.00, $1.25, \Jj3J'/ *&rM _.
Boys' canes, in -nobby shapes, 10c to $1.00. :.;;. ;!ffll \tHJ I "> W'-*^^SSSf WH
Boys' cossack blous.es. made of wash goods, ages • SH? »n ' { ¦ /***ln^ ' WjL
three to six, $1.50 to $2.00. JwiUv ) V'r * *^l / r s^AW&
! .• ¦¦-•'• Sec out windows — v • -j^^L "^^ ~w Ja a j^"^ v j^^.' '-' B^^^ • • C-\ - 'j^^^ OtcZ-of-toivn,^ orders
N T18 Market Street.
K u k.?jfiji^ jjjy jCii^^r .¦''Si ¦fcrt*'»*^^»^^fr3'w&»fi
jgiM sician knows the val-
|tjjg why we brew 02
WHS fi jLJt&&2P^^Jffla jm&tim
¦Mr .^C^mSSSQ^sESS^SItvI
y$M|g cautions — why we ||™|f
fTS 'Phcne MaSn U.". Sherwood & Shcr- B^Sl
Kl« w °t>d, 212 Market St., San Francisco B2£3|
ADVERTISEMENTS.;¦"'• Mexican darved leather goods and Cali
fornia souvenirs > of , every .kind jat San
born & Vail'8/741 Market street - - •
Pyrography machines, skins for "burn
ing and wooden novelties." New tot and
low prices. Sanborn, .Vail & Co., 741. Mar
ket street. ' *
Tennis Enthusiasts in Trim.
WOODLAND. April 11.— The tennis en
thusiasts are In training for the Sacra
mento tournament, which will be held
during xha street carnival. Woodland will
send over two and possibly three teams to
contest in the doubles. The club expects
to construct new double courts very soon.
/ . ' Creditors "Want Their ¦ Money.
The Lukens bill ' recently passed.by . the
Legislature may be invoked, by the city's
creditors to - collect ; their . back claims.'
The bill .makes it mandatory upon cities
and counties to liquidate final judgments
and if the Board of SuDervisors does not
take immediate steps to pay the claims
the creditors ¦ will proceed , under the law.
The San | Francisco . Athletic Club has
filed . applications with ¦ the Bdard ' ; of , Su
pervisors for. three permits for prizefights
during July/September and -' November.
This is . a ¦ formal announcement . that the
San Francisco CUub is in the professional
field. . ' '. .: . . V: '-:* ¦'"' ¦ . ¦" ' •¦ ¦ y. ¦'
¦ Ned Homan, president of the' club, \will
leave for the East on Saturday. He is em
powered - to negotiate with glove experts
of all- climes and color. Jeffries and Fits-
Blmmon3 will be personally Interviewed by
Homan. and an attempt made to- secure a
JLfight between them for. the July dateyv, ,
HOMAN WELL GO j EAST
-. ;-,'¦ TO SEOUBB; TEFFILTES
San Francisco JSlub Is . iir the Fieli
" and Biggest Fights '."Are >v"
r.'lv: "-, : Wanted. ;. ' V - "/
Supervisor Curtis called to the/attention
of the Street Committee yesterday the ne
cessity of calling an election V within the
next six months for the issuance of bonds
¦in the amount of 11,000,000 for the repaying
of accepted streets arid for the improve
ment of Point Lobos, Mission « and- San
Bruno roads andanv other roads in need
of repair;, also for the establishment of a
children's park and playground on the
block bounded by Folsom, Bryant, Harri
et and Seventh, streets. The committee"
took the matter under advisement.
Would Improve the Streets.
i i. Att^ ney Scott threatens- to mandamus
the Treasurer to comwl ;the return- of
bail aggregating $3000 deposited by his.cli
ents. Scott called on Auditor Wells to se
cure the ratter's assisiince in getting the
money returned, but Wells couffl glvehim
no satisfaction. •nffiBPHi**'- •- . -
In comparing the deposits of ball in the
treasury credited to Department 2 and the
record kept by the warrant and bond clerk
a discrepancy was discovered by Expert
Williams: On April a a Chinese nanieil
All Tee was credited by the .Treasurer
¦with j having deposited tnroug-h the wai -
rant clerk the sum of $S0. The public rec
ords fail to show anv one" by that name"
as having been arrested on- th«t day.=- It
is thought that a, mistake was made in
taking the name of ithe Chinaman who
deposited the money.- In the meantime the
city is that much ahead
No Becord of. Bail Deposit.
Fourth race, four and a half furlnogs. sell
ing;—Honolulu "won, Right Away second. Red
Damsel third. Time :57 '
Fifth race, six furlongs, V selling— The"- Rogue
Eastern Racing:.
"WASHINGTON. April . 11.— The results at
Bennlngs: • • • ¦ .
First race, five furlongs— False Alarm won
Brahmin second. Souprep - third. Time, 1:03 '
Second race, four and a half furlongs Sister
Juliet won, Lacacor second. Miracle II third.
Time, :56 1-5. - ¦
Third race, mile and three-quarters', hurdles
— Connover won. Hopeful "second, Earn third.
Time.. 3:23 4.-5. -. ¦
To-Day's Entries. , .
First race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds;
purse.
(2207)Toah ;; 104 1801 Byron Rose 104
2207 Scalawag 105 (2244)Bernota 109
22S0 Tenny Belle. ...102 2127 Seide 112
(2235) Ada NV. ....102 ,
Second race— Four furlongs, two-year-olds;
selling.
2239 Porous. : "...108 2239 Priam i.103
2237 Frank. Bain 108 2154 Flattered ......105
2189 Highwayman ..108 1853 Torila 105
£201 Dandy 108 2267 You Tou 105
2177 Quadra ....105 2239 Remele ..'.....*. 108
2237 Tibs ....105 2154 Prestonian 105
Third race— One mile, four-year-olds and up
ward; selling. »
2234 First Call ..107 2180 Mont Eagle 107
2230 Midlan 107 2156 Barney F. 107
2276 Canejo 107 2234 Mark Klnsella..lO7
2277 Romany 107 2142 Antloch 107
2272 Senator Matts..l07
Fourth race — One mile, four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
2168 Morelia 106 2234 Royal Prize.. ..112
22S2 Brenhllda 110 2240 March Seven... 106
2277 Alaska .........105 2274 Urchin 108
<2252)Parmenion .....108 2230 Estro 105
2250 Llzzella ....>... 110 2240 The Singer..:... 108
Fifth race— One mile and an eighth, four
year-olds and 1 upward; selling.
2282 Lavator 102 2271 Fhoenissa 104
. 22S2 Rio Chico 102 (226S)Goldone 105
f 2264 Gauntlet 109 2143 The Bobby 104
2246 Lena 106 (2268)Twinkler 104
2264 Dr. Bernays....lO4 (2264)Scotch Plaid.. ..108
2268 Koenig 100 2149 Rey .del Bandi.. 100
Sixth race— One mile, four-year-olds and up
ward; Belling.. .
2250 Rapido 107 2234 Merops ...107
2200 Meadowlark ...107 2096 Jennie Reid 107
2230 WhaJeback ....107 2268 Florabird 107'
2268 Faunette 107 2268 Will Fay 107
2262 The Monk ,107 - .
Probable Winners.
First race— Toah, Ada N, Selde.
Second,' race-Quadra, Tou You, Torila.
Third race— Barney F, Mont Eagle, Flrst.Call.
Fourth race— Alaska,'' Llzzella, Parmenion.
. Fifth race— Scotch Plaid, X>r. Bernays. Gaunt
let. . ' f ¦ .. -
Sixth race— Will Fay, Meropi; Flomblrd.
Time, 1:42%,
Americans Win.
j^ONDON, April 11.— At the second day's
racing of the Warwick spring meeting the
Swan Meadow welter plate' bf 110 sover
eigns for three-year-olds and upward' was
won to-day by "Richard Croker's chestnut
colt The Scotchman II, ridden by- Lester
Reiff. ' "v •
•At the Groxton Park meeting to-day the
Granby Handicap of 100 . sovereigns for
three-year-olds, and upward, distance
about a mile and a 'half,- was won by A.
L, Duncan's N chestnut colt. Orkney, ridden
by Danny Maher, the American jockey. ,
CINCINNATI, April ll.-The results at New
port: • -• ... .. v .., ; .. :
First race, one mile— Tuskarosa ¦ won. Lady
Ida second. Sidney third. Time, J.:44. *
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Iris won,
Fairy Bell . second, Elsie Dell third. Time,
1:14%.
Third race, half mller-Myrtle Dell won. Lady
Alsea second, Winora third. Time,' :48H- •
Fourth race, one and a sixteen^i- miles —
Chub won, Frank • McGonnell second, • Slasher
third. ; Time, 1:48%.,- > . - • • . .
Fifth race four and a half furlongs— Ben
Hull won, . J. Patrick second. Andy Williams
third. Time. :54%. . • • '¦ .? r ¦ -" ..
Sixth race, one mile.- selling: — Jessie Jarboe
won, . Outburst , second. Brother Fred ' third.
MEMPHIS, April 11.— The results:
First race,- seven furlongs, selling — Tom Mid
dle ton • won, Swordsman . second, Assessment
third. Time, 1:31.
Second race, half mile — Kaloma won. South
Elkhorn second. Baccle third. Time, :50%.
Third race, mile and seventy yards,' purse —
Cavalr won, Ohnet second, Louisville third.
Time. 1:47. ;:
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Valdez
won. Farmer Bennett second. Picador third.
Time. 1:50. '
Fifth race, selling^ steeplechase, about, two
miles— Inspector Stevens won, Populist seo
ond.Balse third. Time,. 4:39.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Wax Ta
per won. Kindred second, Myth third. Time,
1:29%. - . •¦ .
won, Robert Metcalf second. By George third.
Time, 1:16 1-5.
Sixth race, mile and 100 yards— Cherrywild
won. Arbitrator second, Micou third. Time,
1:52 2-5.
LOTTERY PLACE RAIDED.— Captain Wltt
nr-an and posse raided a room at 113 Sutter
stieet yesterday and arrested John Stevens for
keeping a lottery place and Charles Patterson
for belns a visitor. About 110O tickets wera
relaed.
lathers, plasterers, painters and every
class of employe' on building work. If the
dealers formally refuse to accede to their
rS mand J 1 ls Predicted that the. council
will call upon contractors employing 1
union men to boycott the dealers.
. Special Dispatch to The Call.
its attitude that an early answer was ex
pected.
The demand was. referred by a number
of the dealers to the Chamber of Com
merce and Manufacturers' Association,
which at meetings held to-day declined to
consider the question. Prominent dealers
declare that it will be impossible to ac
cede to the demand, as their business is to
sell to all who wish to buy. The council,
however, is a strong organization, repre
senting probably 2500 union men, including
carpenters, bricklayers, stonemasons,
SEATTLE, April 11.— The Building
Trades Council, consisting of representa
tives of all.: the union building laborers,
has made a formal. demand on all dealers
in building materials in this city to refuse
to sell to any building contractor who. em
ploys non-union workmen. * i
A committee of five members of the
council has during the week visited every
material} dealer in the city and presented
the demand. No special time was set for
response, but the committee indicated by
SEATTLE DEALERS UNITE TO DEFY UNIONS
AND DISASTROUS LABOR STRIKE IS THREATENED
Montana is to have a "great season "of
racing with the entrance fee practically
abolished. The first week's programme
book of the Montana Jockey Club is out
and announces the fact that visiting turf
men are to be very liberally treated. All
classes of horses are catered to, wltn
purses ranging from $250 to $500 hang up.-
Besides a number of valuable stakes will
be decided during the season. •. Jame^
T. Finlen, vice president,' and E. D. Lau
rence, the racing secretary of the' cluh,
are due to arrive here this week. Racing
will be inaugurated at Butte on. Satuc
ady, June'
A meeting of the" stockholders of the old
Pacific Coast Jockey Club will be held on
April 17 at 2 p. m. in parlor A. Palace Ho
tel. The affairs of the club will be wound
up preliminary to turning the property
over to the California Jockey Club, of
which Thomas H. Williams Jr. is presi
dent. The first payment of $200,000 on the
purchase price will be due on the ISth
inst It was announced last nisht on be
half of the California Jockey Club that,
the money was in bank awaiting .the
drawing up of the necessary papers for
the transfer.
Track Note.
MONTERJET, April >U.— George Q. Can
non still holds on to :if e. His vitality; is
wonderful. He rested, easily last 'night
and slept several hours to-day. To-night
Dr.Clift stated that his patient's condi
tion is most critical. 1 ' * - ¦ ,-
Cannon's Condition Critical.
LOS ANGELES, .April 1L— The ! execu
tive committee of the Southern California
Walnut Growers'. Association ./met this
•morning and elected officers for the ensu
ing year as follows: W. H. Spurgeon of
Santa Ana, president;: T. L. Goughy'of
Rivera, vice president; J. A. Montgomery
of Rivera, secretary and treasurer.
Walnut Growers Name Officers.
j TACOMA, April 11.— To prevent the loss
of the fruit of trees by. frost 'the growers
of Takima Valley are building: movable
fire sheds, which can ¦ be drawn through
orchards by horses.; By the burning: of
wood and damp straw a dense smoke is
caused which effectually dispels the frost
and prevents injury to buds. Experiment*
already conducted seem to' indicate that
the plan will prove an entire success.
BERLIN, April 11.— In the bicycle races
here to-day Major Taylor won the 100
kilometer match with a prize of 300 marks,
defeating: the German riders Arend, Hu
ber.Ellegurd, Seldl and others and lead
ing Arend by twenty lengths.
. In the tandem race," 600 meters, Taylor
and Arend were the winners. " v
"-¦"¦ ti ¦ - = .• — » ¦ ' . • ¦¦ ¦ - '.
movable Fires in Orchards.
Taylor "Was First.
Shamrock I Will Not Come.
VICTORIA, B. C. April lL-News was
brought from the Skeena River 'by the
steamer Boscowitz, which arrived ' to-day,
of a rich quartz find near Kitselass Can
yon. Just before the steamer sailed from
Port Simpson for. Victoria the northern
port was thrown into a state of excite
ment by the arrival of a party from, the
upper river with the news of the.find
ing of a ledge within a quarter of a mile
of the mines being worked. at the canyon
by New York and Chicago capitalists, the
rock taken from which had assayed over
11000 to the ton.
I a New Bonanza.
at Fort Simpson by Reports of
Alaskan Miners Create Excitement
RICH QUARTZ . FOUND
, WEAR KITSELASS CANYON
LOS ANGELES, April" 11.— Articles of;
consolidation were filed this . morning in
the County Clerk's office by the Rex
Crude Oil Company of San Francisco, the
Yukon Crude Oil Company of San Fran
cisco and the American Fuel Oil - Com
pany of Los Angeles* These companies
are to be known hereafter under the single
title of the Union Consolidated Crude Oil
Company. .¦ • ; .. - m^. ¦¦ ....
• The capital stock is placed at $500,000, of
which $400,000 has been subscribed. The
principal, place of business is -to be San
Francisco, and the company is to deal in,
oil, asphaltum, naphtha and kindred min
erals. The board of directors consists of
Henry J. Crocker, C. S. Benedict, F. W.
Sumner, Wendell Easton, J. L. Rathbone,
H. A. Jones, G. W. Henderson, all of San
Franqisco; George Easton of Los . An
geles, and "W. E. Runyon of Red Bluff.
Company "With Half a Million in Cap-
ital Stock Is Incorporated at
Los Angeles. .
LOCAL * BUSINESS MEET
WILL DEAL IN OIL
TACOMA, April 11.— John McDade
reached I>awson on March 23 with four
tons of supplies,- including a hundred
cases of oranges and lemons, which he
sold at $50 per case. These fruits were
entirely out of the Dawcon market. .
• At lie Barge McDade found speculators
with two other large shipments of or
anges and lemons. He determined tc
reach the Klondike first and leaving a ton
of butter at Lower I^e Barge succeeded
in driving his teams 385 miles in eleven
days, i He sold a ton of rubber boots and
shoes at fancy prices, the demand for
them being- stiffened by the spring thaw.
A letter received to-Jtay says that good
horse teams bring $800 to $1500. Oats cost.
10 cents per pound and hay 8 cents.-Spec
ulators carrying in fish and eggs are like
ly to lose money, as the Dawson market
does not need th°m. .
in Alaska.
cakes" at Fifty Dollars a Case
Oranges and Lemons Go "Like Hot-
FRUITS IN DAiWSON
BRING BIG PRICES
TANFOEAN PABK— Thursday. April
11, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2278. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey, ( St. VS. ' Str. Fin.
2242 Isaline. 4. 106. . . .Domnk 2 1 h' 1 n 1 ns "
(2242)The Pride, 5, 113.Turner 4 3 % 3 \Va 2 1*4
2157 Sea Lion,' 6, 109.. Mounce 3 2 1^4 2 % 3 3
226S Gibraltar,- 6. J15 Ruiz 6 6 4 3 4 4
2144 Lov. Cup, 6, 109. Math ws 5 5 h 5 2 5 i: .
. .... Hiifdoonet, 6, lU.Conley 1 i n « 6
2270 D. Maid, 4, lOC.O'Conr V ... ........
Time— 1-16, :07;.5-16, :30; 7-16. :42%;-6%f/
1:20%. I Good start except Dangerous Maid.
Won first . three driving. Winner, C. Llnd's
b. m. by imp. Clieveden-Rebecca. The Pride
•cut on* right after start.- Isaline stood Sea
Lion on his head and was tiring. Gibraltar
sulked, probably. Loving Cup ran a cheap
looking race. Scratched— Vohlcer 106. 'Left.
. Betting— Isaline, 2; The Pride, 9-5; Sea Lion,
30; Gibraltar, 7; Loving Cup, 30; Hlndoonet,
60; Dangerous . Maid. • 5.
2279. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; "sell-
Ing; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2249 Rory Ough. 113.. Mounce 5 1 h 1 n 12
(2256) Zirl. 110 ......Dominick 4 3 1 21 2 2
2261 Ogle' 113 O'Connor 3 4 2 3 1 3 h
2267 Achilles, J15 :..Ruiz6 5 3 4 1 4 2
(2027)Escalante, 113 ..Alexndr 1 6 10 6 20 5 10
2267 G. Greene. 113. ..Turner 2 2 1 5 3 6 10
.... Cousin Sue, 110.. Wedrstd 7 7 7 7
Timeh-%, :23& ; %.. :48U. Good start. Won
cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner,
J. Lodge & Co. 'a ch. c. by imp. Friar Tuck-
Queen • Kapolanl. Rory simply outfooted Zirl.
Ogle ran his race. Achilles a slow breaker.
Graham Greene can do better. So can Esca
lante.
Betting— Rory Ough, 2; Zirl, 9-10; Ogle, 7;
Achilles, 30; Escalante. 40; Graham Greene,
30; Cousin Sue, 800.. ...
22SO. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs ; three
year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse. . "Wt. Jockey. St. }4- %: Fin.
2262 Sinfl, 107 ....Wedrstrand 1 15 110 15
2102 B. Wing, 107..O'Connor 7.6231 21
2254 Tenny Belle, 107. See 6 515 2 3h"
(2102) Bard Avon, 109...Domk 3 4n .4 1 4 3
2260 Flatterer, 112 ...Ransch 5 3 h 6 4 5 2
(1458) Jim Hale, 109..Basslnger 228 2n 66'
2236 Sissenvine. 104 ..Mounce 4 7 5 7 20 7 20
2266 Triple Croes, 102..Logue 9 9 81 8 3
, 2266 Mill Valley. 102.. Murphy 8 8 10 9 9 .
Time-U, :23%: ¦%,' :47tf; %.\i:13%. Fair
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, E. L. Liger'a b. f..by imp. Loyallst-
Irrepentance. • Sinfl allowed a .-.flying start.
Bronze Wing a promising maiden. Bard of
Avon not up to much. Jim Hale tired chas
ing the winner. Scratched— MftUlda O 107,
Tony Lepplng 107, Rio de Altar. 112. •
Betting4-Slnfl, 15; ; Bronze Wing, 15; Tenny
"Belle, 7; Bard of Avon, 1; Flatterer, 12; Jim
Hale, 3; Sissenvine, 40; Triple Cross, 300; Mill
Valley, 300. . .
22S1. FOURTH 'RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
-handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse, $535.
Index, Horse, Wi, Jockey. St %. Str. Fin.
2£63 Vulcain, 4, 114.. ..Turner 5 7 5 4 11
(2259)Tne Fretter, 5, 117.Mnce 2 5 1. 3 h 2 4
2221 Star Ch'mb'r,4, 112.O'Cn 641 2h31
2263 St. Wood, 5. 104.Domnik 1 12 1 1 4 n
2192 St Rica, 3, 93..Webster 3 3^ 63 5 Vz
2207 Rollicik. 3, 88 Ransch 4 2 h 4 16 2,
£259 Rosorm'de, 6, .109.Conley 7 6 % 7 . 7 ;
. Time— 1-16, :06i£; %, :24%; %, :49; %, 1:15;
mile, 1:41; 1 l-16m, 1:48. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, S.
C. Hildreth' s ch. h. by Kingston-Arrowgrass.
Vulcain pounds the best. Star Chamber didn't
do much. Fretter ran a nice race. St. Wood
quit. S6 did Rollick. Rosormonde has gone
back.
Betting— Vulcain, 13-5; The Fretter, 7; Star
Chamber. 11-5: St Wood, 8; St. Rica, 50; Rol
lick, 6; Rosormonde, 16. . • . :
H2S2. FIFTH . RACE — One mile; selling;
three-year-olds Tand Tip; purse, ?400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2268 Rio Shannon, 4, lllMnce 4 9 3 % 1 1"
2269 Thornwild, 3, 95. Murphy 5 2 4 1 h 2 2
2253 Lavator, 5, 112 Turner 9 5 h 4 i-j 3 1
2238 Maydine, 4, 106... Ho well 7 8h 6 1 4%
g274 Mlssipn. 4,< lflS.Domnlck 1112 1 5 1
"2217 Fondo. 3. '9l ::.... VWalsh 3 4h 7 1 8 2
2233 Sir K'gston, 4, 108. 0' Con 2 3 2 6 % 7 %
223ritfj Hildreth. 3, 91.Ranch 8 6 1 8 2 8 2
.2238 Rio Chico, 5, 112..Conley 6 7 2 9 9
Time-%, :25%; ¦%, :50?£; %. 1:15%; mile,
1:42%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving; Winner, Thompson & Hager
rnan's b. h. by El » Rio Rey- Bessie Shannon.
Winner came, from far back. Thornwild showed
improvement. Lavator badly ridden. Mission
quit. Fondo no account. Mamie Hildreth had
a rough trip. Scratched^-Compass 91, Nellie
Forest 91, Birdie Stone 91. ' ¦
. Betting — Rio Shannon, 5; Thornwild, 25; Lav
ator. 4; Maydine,.3O; Mission; 8; Fondo, 8;" Sir
Kingston, 6; Mamie Hildreth, 5; Rio Chlco. 12.
22S3. SIXTH RACK— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and 1 up; purse, $400.
Irdex, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2CS4 Dl. Welthoff, 5. 106.Rnch 12 1 11 12
2105 Donator, 6, 106.. Mounce 4 7 2 ' 2 h' 2
- 2250 Precursor, 4, 112.0'Conn 8 6^32 3 3
2166 Free Lance, a, HS.Trner 2 9 61 4 1
2226 Jin. Jingle, 5. lM.Murph 3 3 h 5 h 5 h
2274 Osmond, 5, 106 See 7 8 1*71 61
2271 Duckoy, 4, 108..Weddstd 6 11 .4 Vi 7 3
'2206 Gold Finder, 4, 103.Mstrn 5 5 1. 8 1 8 2
2183 Boundlee, 4, lOo.Domnick 9 4 % 9 9 ,
¦ Tlme-U, :25; %, :49; %, 1:01%; %, 1:28. Good
start Won first three driving. "Winner, Burns
& Waterhouse's b. m. by Imp. Dark Days-imp.
Florry Myers. Dollie well ridden and prob
ably best. Precursor is improving. He was
away none : too well. Duckoy and Boundlee
"passed the buck." Scratched— Clarando 104,
Alicia 104; The Slngrer 103.
Betting— Dollie Welthoff. 3; Donator. 5: Pre
cursor, 7-2; Free La,nce, '10; Jingle Jingle, 20;
Osmond, 30; Duckoy, 30; Gold , Finder, : 50;
Boundlee, 7-2.
On the other hand, the Oregon Short
Line, people insist that the new"eompany
has no legal right to the grade in question.
No action has been taken in the nature
of injunction proceedings or bringing 'the
question before the courts. -.."*
SALT LAKE, April . 11.— Vice President
Bancroft of the Oregon Short Line said
to-day that about 125 men were at work
laying ] iron at the end of the track In
Nevada. and that the work was going on
without interruption. Nearly a mile,, of
track was laid yesterday, progress being
slightly delayed by necessary, bridge
work.' ' : . .:
'Attorney CO. Whittemore of the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Com
pany returned from the end of the track
to-day. He says his road has a force on
the ground preparing the, grade and thai
additional help is being- sent to the front.
He says that no physical force has been
used;. by -' his company, but ¦ that his , men
have been compelled by superior number 3
to giv#,way to the Oregon Short Line
force, which is laying track on the grades
prepared by his men. Up has instructions
from the general officers of the San Pe<
dro, Los Angeles and halt Lake road to
spare no necessary expense In protecting
the interests of the company.
Speaking of th<e question of legal rights
W.hittemore said: "The Short Line wen:
into a contest with us before the Unite.!
States Land Office of Nevada to determine
the ownership of. the Lincoln County
grade, and when the dacislon went against
them they undertook to gain by -force
what was denied them bv law." : •¦ ; ;
Attorney for the San Pedro, Los An
i geles and Salt Lako Says the
Action Is Against Court's
Billing. '¦¦:.--'' i: - .
Claim Grade Is Theirs and
Continue Work Despite;.
Rival's Objection.
SHORT LINE GOES
ON LAYING TRACK
WOODLAND, April ll.-The Northern
California Baseball League season opens
on Sunday. The Sacramento and Wood
land clubs will play on the Woodland
diamond. Bevllle. signed to pitch for the
\\ oodland Club, has been released havinsr
received an offer at a good salary from
the. Salt Lake Club. ¦ Woodland Is there
fore; without a pitcher. . McCarthy, who
has signed with "the TacomatClub
pilch for Woodland in the opening game
Northern League in Eeadiness.
Match Baseball.- A
A ram© will be played next Satnrday at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets between.
Santa Clara and St. Ignatius teams. This
is the first time that teams from these
colleges have met in this city, and as
quite a friendly rivalry exists between
them for the championship of the Cath
olic colleges of the coast an Intensely in
teresting game Is expected.
The umpiring of the game will be In the
hands of Joe Corbett, under whose able
guidance Santa Clara has turned out
crack teams. The Santa Clara boys will
bring a contingent of rooters with them.
The game will be called at 2:15 p. m.
and the teams will face each other in the
following order:
Eart* Clara. Position. EC Ignatius.
J veef ? Pitcher.: ; Williams
l->ucoty Catcher McKune
Anderson... -...First base.i......,..Svetenlch
Strub Second. base ..:....Hu%y
Crizxe Third base:. .".. Hayn«
r«rry Shortstop I" .Ke£m
Feeney.......; night field .".".Murphy
Nunan ....Center field..... ;.. Kellv
IUah Left field... ;... Buckley
Extras-Santa Clara, Donnelly; St Ignatius
Base hits 0 2 10 110 2 3—10
Sacramento 001010000—2
.Base hits 0 01000011—3
SUMMARY.
Runs reeponsibl* for— Babbitt 1, Doyle 2.
Tvo-baee hits— Courtney. McGucken. Sacrifice
hit»— Stricklett 2. First base on errors—Oak
land 3, Sacramento 2. First base on called
btdle— Babbitt 6. Doyle 8. .Left on bases— Oak.
land 1, Sacramento 6. -Struck out — By Babbitt
J. by Doyle 2. Hit by pitcher— Held, Lohman.
Double plays— Babbitt to Arrellanes to Streib
tc Lohman; Lohman to Francks. i Time i of
rame— 3 hoars. Umpire— Donahue. . Scorer-r
Rutherford. ,..,.¦
OAKLAND WINS.
Defeats Sacramento by Bunching
Hits in the Ninth Inning.
SACRAMENTO. April 1L— Oakland won
the opening league game in this city to
day, score 3 to 2, by Bunching three hits
in the ninth inning and being aided by
an overthrow of Devereaux. The game
was closely contested throughout and ap
parently belonged to Sacramento from the
third inning, when Stanley scored his first
run. The attendance was about 400. Score:
OAKLAND.
> V AB. R. BH. BB. PO. A. E.
ftrencaa, c. t. ...... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Francks, e. 8 8 110 2 4 1
Arrellaaes, 2b 5 1 11 1 2 0
fcitreib. lb S 120 9 2 0
Moore. Sb.. ........... 4 0,2 0 0 1 0
Held, It..... 2 0 0 0. & 0 0
Borchers. r. f... 4 0 2 10 0 0
Lehman, c ,„. 3 0 0 0 6 2 l
Babbitt, p 4 0 2 1.2 3 1
Totals 36 8 1C 3 27 14 "i
'SACRAMENTO.'
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A! E.
rifvercaux, s. s 3 0 0 0 I 4 1
McGucken, c* f 4 0 10 10 0
Courtney, Cb 3 0 10 2 3 1
Ilanlon, lb 8 0 0 0 S 1 1
McLaughlln. 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Doyle, p 3 0 10 0 0.0
Sheehan, Sb 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Stanley, c 2 2 0 0 10 l «
Stridden, r. f 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 26 2 S 0 26 9 t
' BUSS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 000001 2—3
Totals 28 7 9 4 27 13 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0—4
¦ Base hits o 30202110-9
Los Ang-eles 30300001 •— 7
Bane hits „ l 13 0 110 2 •— »
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Ibure 4 Johnson 3
Two-base hits— Nordyke, Schwartz, BrocKhoff]
Hutchlnson. Sacrifice hits— Spies. Kelly. First
fcfese on errors— San Francisco 1, Los Ang-eles 1
First base on called balls— San Francisco 6'
Lob Angeles 6. Left on bases— San Francisco
10. Los Angeles 4. Struck out— By Iburg 2, by
Johnson 1. by Jones 4. Double play— Ibure to
Pabst to Nords-ke. Passel ball— Graham. Time
of game— 1:50. Umpire— O'Connell. Official
ecorer— McFarlin.
Totals 37" 4 9 2 24 16 3
tOS ANGELES. ¦
t. , u ~ , L AB - R - BH - SB. PO. A. E.
niockhoff. 2b 3 12 10 11
Hutehinson, lb 4* 1 1 o 11 0 0
Householder, e. f.... 4 1 2 0 2 0 0
Spies, c 3 1119 10
Reilly. 3b 0 2 0 10 4 0
Kelly, g. s 3 10 114 0
Swindells, r. t 3 0 10 2 10
Bowman. I. 1 4 0 10 2 0 0
Johnson, p 2 0 0 0 0 0 1
-ones, p 2 0 10 0 2 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
Hllfeteufl. c. t .... X f *$ B f S o a «>• A o - E 6
Schwartz, 2b * 0 3 o 1 2 0
£ r V,&- »• « 5 0 0 0 3 5 0
Holland, I. f 4 0 10 0 11
Phtet. lb 5 0 0 0 12 1 0
Graham, c S 0 0 0 2 4 l
Xordjke. 3b 2 2 1 1 4 J {
Croll. r. f 3 2 110 0 0
nurg. p 4 0 10 13 0
Fresh from the land of orange blossoms
and a smiling sun that blisters -in the
summertime, a dozen Orangemen in, base
ball clothes, a Jubilant manager, a special
commissioner from the Los Angeles Her
ald to report. the diamond antics of the
southern team while in" this city; and a
small bunch of perfervid fanatics took
tLeir respective places in the Recreation
grounds yesterday afternoon for the first
diamond onslaught between the local team
and the visitors. The men from the south
cashed their tickets and Henry Harris
went broke on the block.
The Los Angeles nine has some new
faces and some old ones. They play good
ball In the field and some of them know
when and how to swing the stick. Oscar
Jones, the twirling wonder of the south,
was in the box for five innings and all the
local ew&ttere could muster off his deliv
ery were four singles. He Is an earnest
young man, taking life and the game seri
ously. They that know him say he is im
proving every day and will give the best
Of the league batters many painful
guesses. Kelly, the shortstop, is vastly
improved. *« v
Iho local team did not play even fair
ball yesterday. Holland in left field
dropped a fly that resulted in two runs,'
and the best of the local stickmen vi
ciously fanned the air. But this may re
dound to Oscar Jones' credit and not re
flect bo much upon the Hanxmen.
The first inning brought the lungs of
the Los Angeles sympathizers into free
play. A questionable decision by the um
pir« pet them to noisy speech-making and
threats full of danger to the man who
tells about balls and strikes. On one oc
casion a Btrident youth from below the
7ehachapl asked for half the umpire. He
was baseball mad and expressed himself
accordingly.
In the first inning Los Angeles got a
comfortable lead of three runs, only to
find the locals on the touching creep soon
'after. But the third inning was a bad one
for Iburg and others of the local team
and when it ended the Scoreboard read 6
to 2. San Francisco came back In the
fourth with a couple, and that was the
sad ending of run-making for them. The
score;
Los Angeles 7, San Francisco 4.
Orangemen Flay Good Baseball,
Wldle the Home Ag-gregation '.
Do Not Show Up in
Proper Form.
First Victory of Series Goes
to the Los Angeles
Team.
VISITORS DEFEAT
THE LOCAL NINE
DOMINICK ON ISALINE
BEATS THE PRIDE A NOSE
Rory Ough Outfoots /Barney Schreiber's Filly,
Zirl— VulcainGaptures the Handicap.
BY" F. R MTTLHOLLAND.
. ./•-'¦•-•-.-
WHEN The Pride andr Isalinf
met last on April 4 in a, s'x
f urlong dash the former
earned the decision by a nose.
The pair clashe^ ' again at
Tanforan yesterday In. the six and a half
furlong run on about the. same terms .irid
Isaline turned the ta^bles^oh Tom Ry
an*s crack sprinter, with only a. nose
separating them on the wire. ¥, Turner
rode The Pride, which' horse closed a
slight favorite. As the barrier was re
leased the first choice .was slightly inter
fered with, while Dominick astride Isa
line skimmed <3ff In the 'lead, her closest
traveling companion being Sea Eion. The
pace told on the last mentioned gelding
and he quit, but the three-year-old fllly
though tiring perceptibly ¦ lasted lon«j
enough to beat the fast closing favorite
by the narrowest of margins in in 1:20%
Dangerous Maid was left at the post an-1
Ruiz could do nothing with Gibraltar.
Although the weather down at the San
Mateo County track was cool and dis
agreeable there was no diminution in tho
number of racegoers. ' It was not until
the last race of the day was decided that
a favorite managed to register a win.
Then Dollle Weitheff blew in at 13 to 5
Sinn, trained by "Curly" Brown, was the
longest priced performer.
Speedy Rory Ough looked the natural
favorite for the two-year-old scramble at
four furlongs, but Dominick had the
mount on Zirl. and Schrieber's fllly was
installed favorite. Rory broke away fifth,
almost immediately rushed to the front,
and beat Zirl hands down in :4S»4. O'Con
ner on Ogle managed to drop into the
show. - , ;
SInfl, from the stable of B.' L.. Liger and
15 and 20 to 1 In the betting, made a run*
away race of the third number at six fur
longs. The filly beat the others away
from the gate, and opening up nearly ten
lengths of daylight won"* easing up from
Bronze Wing and Tenny Belle. Jim Haie
grew grogggy chasing the winner,- and
Bard of Avon, the favorite, never could
get near the front. Bronze . Wing, a
three-year-old by Racine, gives promise
of Becoming a very fair piece of raciDg
bric-a-brac. '
The result of the mile and a sixteenth
handicap demonstrated that Vulcain with
Turner and 114 pounds up was much the
best horse. Turner after getting cut off
at the start waited in last position to
the far turn for a chance to get through.
This proving an Impossibility he sent Vul
cain around the bunch, and in front a
furlong from home led The Fretter out
with considerable to. spare.* Star Cham
ber, the favorite, never better than
fourth, landed in the show. St. Wood
bluffed out in front for. a way and then
quit-
Dropping' from the clouds . almost Rio
Shannon took the mile selling event after
looking hopelessly out of it. Passing. Mis
sion, Thornwild looked to - be • winning
when Mounce came like a streak- with
Rio Shannon, downing the outsider a
length. Lavator, the" favorite, wretched
ly handled by Nash Turner, ran an in
different third.
Backed down to 13 to 5 favoritism Dol
lie Weithoff came in a clever first in. the
closing seven" furlong affair. \ Donator
and Precursor fought it out for place
honors, the former scoring by . half a
length. •. K \S
: THE; SAN FB AN CISCO CAX.L, "; FRIDAY, JaPRIL. 12, 1901.
CALL'S RACING FORM. CHART
4
.GLASGOW,. April 11.— Advices from Go
rouck on the Firth of Clyde say Sir Thom
as LJpton has given up the idea of taking
the Shamrock I across the Atlantic as a
racing partner for the Shamrock II for
preliminary trials In American waters.
Experts who have seen the- new Sham
rock unanimously agree that the old
Shamrock would never be able to push
her in a windward race. The Shamrock
I's jury spars and rig will be the Sham
rock II's jury spars shortened. The lat
ter under this rig will carry less canvas
than the Shamrock I. ¦¦-:¦¦-.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 ~ — 7~ — ' ,'. " ' -: — ; : : : : •— "
"H f * , J^ ; m \ No matte* fiow pleasant yott* surroundlings,
///I .R^***'^ htalthf good health, is the foundation for en-
II df 1^*, foyment. Bowel trouble causes more aches and
/¦// $^8u W^^^ 1^' pains than all other diseases together, and when
7 & yotfgct a good dose of bilious bile coursing/
f j J^MWl ¦¦[(¦ p : I through the blood life's a hell on earth. Millions ¦ .
• '* J^Pf/V^^^"^ fiJk^Z^i " ° f P 60^ 1 " arc °* octoriil 8r fof chronic ailments that
¦ i^r'^^^^^^^^'i^r^^ ° startei witt fc *d bowels, and they will nevet J
"^T^^-S 8^* bcttet m thc bowels are right. You know : >
\ I [ / \ toW ft is ~ 70tf neglect— get. irregular— first
*: I \^Y^'J: " ISFx^ / f i^ stfffer with a slight headache— bad taste in the!
' ' 1M ? \iil # ¦¦¦¦J/|»-'i ] YT- ¦ : -4«tt* the day-fcecj) on going .from bad to ' ;
k( 1 ¦'¦'¦' I ' \(/i\l^ J\\ M4' T vrotsc t tmtai ¦**« «ttffe^ng becomes awful, life .
\ i/l\yk^ill li J4tJ l«o chattns, and there is many a one that ;-;
' Vim^^sJ?! iM— 3U^ il^"^w '-"' has been driven to suicidal relief • Educate your
i V I V^H^" -Vi X'W^^ltf-' weIs whh CASCARETS. Don't neglect the'^V
ill [T- • i ''-'*' 4 Ia^>^/f u*?*^ ' slightest irregularity* See that you have doe
:'7"*^J ; )jQ sSg^^^Ji \^ ' '•'¦- natural easy movement each day. CASCA-
'¦'.. -"^ m ' t 0 f' f t^ *• _^>^"^^ v • *\H1S tone the Ikiwds— - malgc them stronjr—
. ' v \ y* znA aft** yo« have used them once you will
' " ' : wonder why ft is that you have ever beeaSV
without them. You wffl find afl your other disorders commence to get better at once, and sooa
you will be well by taking— .' . ~ : -;
j^^Rfc TH E T0N| G LAXATIVE
aap^f WWJf^li V^^^^i j^'^ aBm^Sm. %, : @L b^ W""^^ak
• LIVER TONIC fgf^
SfflpsasaffisssanK ¦• GUARANTEED m&jS-WM
and dizziness. v When ypnr bowels dout more rem- fSHi** ¦»«««««¦• «¦ «»« w«i4. Tki. u »vw'qt« l?<Jc of
< ** i| m ysR Li Pjrfj hJ9 fifla E C H ta H (9 It 65B Epflf! in •• k^ML J
ffly *€?55y '¦ "l " El K H v8 El H fca u n Vl B \sk rh J3I I J r^ k! CT H W F« $P 9 rl X^ J.
t^4 •¦ K " : " I " ; " ! " I " Il! : ; : : : : : -:-^^^^m^* Dfinf^ R II 4hjj z MM
K. m ' r . - K \k Av'Br • H W 3 ¦ H ¦! Uf H I !m nr^BnrU
JB fCSy^it iJwS?^^ *^* M ¦ IWr m A 3 H HmF I I ¦ m y
LJkJ! / 111 I Royal Blue Serge holds its |H^4
k^C l\ if I If color till the last day it's worn. »^^4
t x^ i • " 17I1 X i| ' ing. means, see those clever W^k^^
w^J The House That Likes Mail Orders.IN recognition of the important service
which he has performed in the Inter
est of field work Professor George Da
vidson of the University of California
has been elected a corresponding
member in the Academy of Science and
Section of Geography and Navigation of
the Institut de France.
In order to gain recognition of this na
ture at the hands of the Institute remark
able service must bo rendered in the in
terest of science. Very few Americana
have been honored with this distinction.
This is not the first time Professor
Davidson has been honored by foreign.ed
ucational bodies. In 1S94 he was unani
mously elected a corresponding member
of the Bureau of Longitude of France ani
in 1S78, for his services as president of tha
Jury of awards of machinery at the. Paris
Exposition, he received a commemorative
medal and diploma.
: Playing cards, poker chips, crib boards,
dice ' and •tally ' cards :_ the very,; best . as
sortment and the lowfit prices. ': For sale
in leather goods , department. tSanborn;
Vall'& Co., 741' Market street ;.; •.- -> -r ¦'-».•,-..•
.The business'of .the firm of Marks. Bros.,
1212-1214 1 Market ¦ street, having outgrown
their present accommodations, they- have
engaged an extra floor " above, where '- In
their manufacturing department- forty" ad
ditional: girls- will *be employed.. This,ex
tra room willKreatly facilitate their rap
idly i increasing business ¦ in . women's and
children's goods. : : r, ; ; • v..-;
Prospsrity and Expansion.
'; The charge of vagrancy against .Clara
McCann brought : at the instance '."of J." J.
Gottlob of : the Columbia Theater was dls-'
missed by Judge Mogan yesterday. -A jury
had been summoned and after twelve men
were in the box Assistant District Attor
ney Harris admitted .that- he had. no evi
dence - to convict ' the woman as Gottloa
was i on his way. to Europe and there was
no other. testimony against her. ' Miss Mc-
Cann appeared in court In a stylish tailor
made costume of gray.
Clara McCann Discharged.
Georg-e ' s Grueber, saloon-keeper, St.
Mary's and California streets, was arrest
ed yesterday on a wgr rant "charging him
with receiving stolen property. He is ac
cused of buying' from Frank Leonard a'
gold, watch and diamond ring. stoien. from
E. C. Mausshardt of the tug- Relief, valued
at $140, knowing that, they were -stolen."
Leonard has been arrested on a .charge
of grand larceny. 3 . .
Saloon-Keeper in Trouble.
. The stockholders Cof ;the ¦ Market-streat
Railway Company held their annual;meet
ing yesterday. in the Wells-Fargo building-.
The following - named directors were re
elected: H. E.'Huntington,; Charles Hol
brook. A. ¦ Hay ward.- Charles • G. Lathrop,
I W. Hellman, H. : TV, Scott. H. O. Platt,
N. TV Smith- and 'J. L. AVillcutt: r
Directors Remain in Office.
¦' 'Beylard,^knowine that. his name was to
be. up . for. consideration fcr j membership,
felt a delicacy .about appearing at the
door prepared for Initiation. He remaineil
away and spent the. evening with his Pal
ace Hotel associates. • The hackmen are a
reasonable set and they cherish no ill-will
oh account' of Beylard's non-appearance.
They have all confidence that the Burlin
game whip will be present at the : next
weekly meeting-.
¦ Tet there was much disappointment, felt
last night. .: An unusually, large attend
ance attested, to the desire of the hack
men to see the tallyho driver put. through
his paces on -a union goat. . Joe* Burns.
Dennis Murphy. Mike Higglns and other
old-timers were there, rubbing their hands
in glowing anticipation of the fun. When
H. C. Rawllna . explained that he had
failed to notify the candidate to bo pres
ent ¦ he was ' able ' to . square himself only
by. a solemn promise to have • Beylard
given due notice before the next meet
ing 1 . • '¦'¦«-: .
"You see it Is just like this." | "Mike"
Coffey. president of the union, explained,
"a man has a month to show up for initi
ation after his application - goes in. Mr.
Beylard's application went in a week ago.
so he's got lots ¦' of ; time: yet. - If he toes
the mark before the next moon, he'll be
one of ;us. for. sure, and a good 'un he'll
make, v gamble on it. If -he don't get in
itiated inside -.of -a month it's all up with
his five-fifty and he's no better- off than
when he- first got called down for being
non-union.". ; - * '¦ ¦ : " ¦ . '
I Edward D. Beylard. driver of the re
christened- Burlingame coach, •was regu
larly elected a member of the Hackmen's
Union last night, but the expected initia
tion did not occur. h - The member whose
duty it .was to • notify .the • prospective
brother to . be present and ready to ride'a
goat said to be harder to handle than any
four piebalds in the State, failed,- through
illness, to give the notice.
On' Sunday next a slight' change, will be
made : in the Stockton-Fresno service.,
The train -now leaving, at 3:30 p.m. -for
Stockton and Lodl, via Martinez, .will be
changed to the Fresno run ¦ via Merced,
and the train now leaving at 4 p.. m. via
Uvermore for Fresno will be changed to
the Stockton and Lodi run, still via Llver
more^ j '¦¦?-W • '.. :-y. ..;. . . . ¦< .-.:
.This belne the opening of the summer
excursion travel to Monterey Bay points,
the two Sunday excursion trains to those
points will be resumed on Sunday next,
one leaving from • Third . and Townsend
streets at 7:15 a. m. and the other from'
the ferry depot via the narrow gauge at
7:45 a.; m. To-morrow night will be, the
last hunters* accommodation train for this
season. ." . . / ¦ . -
The South San Francisco train," leaving
Third and . Townsend streets ,at 6:10
o'clock, will be extended to Palo Alto, and
a new, San: Jose suburban train will , be
put on, leaving here daily at 10:30 a. m.'
The morning local to Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove and way points, which was changed
on the 31st ult. from 9 o'clock to 9:30, will
be nut back to 9 and its run extended to
San Luis Obispo. ¦ ¦ - . .
A new schedule goes into effect on the
Cdast Line of the Southern Pacific to-day
which involves auite a number of impor
tant changes. Several trains will have
their runs considerably lengthened and in
soiree places additional trains are found
necessary to . handle -the growing travel.
The noteworthy changes are as follows: .-;
NEW TRAINS ON
- \ _ COAST S LINE
Also Some Changes to Take Place
- . To-I>ay. • /
BLINGUM WHIP
NOT INITIATED
Beylard Fails to Appear at
Meeting of Hackmen's
" Union.
A Coroner's Jury decided yesterday that
Aileen. J. Sutliff of 1912 Central avenue
died of tubercular peritonitis, "hastened
by exposure and neglect." ,
The witnesses who convinced the jury
that the little four-year-old girl had been
maltreated and unnecessarily exposed to
the rigpr of the weather were Mrs. Bessie
Halpin,* Mrs. Ray Schmidt, Mrs. Chad
bourne, Mrs. Bolin, Mrs. Martin, Mrs.
Clements and indirectly Officer H. Mc-
Murray and Beverly Hughes.
The women, who are neighbors of the
Sutliff s on Central avenue, told how they
had seen little Aileen in the Sutliff back
yard from early morning until sunset "in
all kinds of weather," except rainy, and
clad only in light, washable goods. Mrs.
Chadbourne 1 of 1914 Central avenue said
that her little girl told her that Aileen
had informed -her that she (Alleen> was
obliged to remain in the back yard be
cause her mother, would not let her re
main indoors. The witness often saw the
child digging in the "ash barrel for pieces
of bread. She had seen the child in the
yard as late as 5 o'clock in the afternoon
in cold, wintry weather. She also saw
Alleen's face on several occasions bearing
marks of scratches and bruises.
Other witnesses saw Mrs. Sutliff beat
the child in the back with her. clenched
lists until the littlo one fell on -the steps
and the father carried her into the. house.
Mrs. Ray Schmidt of 1914% Central ave
nue i told about the child being exposed
and of having seen her eat dry bread out
of the ash barrel with evident relish.
Officer McMurrayof the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children nar
rated a visit by himself to the Sutliff res
idence last July, neighbors having com
plained that Aileen was being beaten and
neglected. Mrs. Sutliff would not allow
him to enter the house, but spoke to him
through a window.. .
Mrs. Sutliff went on the stand and de
nied all the charges. ; Aileen, she said,
used to go into the. back yard immedi
ately .after breakfast of her own ! volition
and was never forced to remain there. It
was a sunny yard. Some of Aileen's. sis
ters threw Aileen's bread into the ash
barrel on one occasion and she picked it
out and ate It. The bruises on the child
were produced by falls. The witness ad
mitted that she had beaten ¦ Aileen • when
ever s.he was bad or disobedient, and then
only slapped or spanked her with the bare
hand. Mrs. > Sutliff , denied - having told
Mrs. Halpin that she doubted that Aileen
was her child, -because ¦¦ when- she was in
the maternity hospital at the time Aileen
was. born* several babies were mixed up.
The fact of the matter was, she said, that
the babies got mixed up by a green nurse,
but the mistake .was rectified shortly aft
erward. She denied that -' she had been
other than a -kind mother to Aileen and
the rest of her children. . . ' ¦
Verdict of Coroner's Jury in
the Case of Aileen
Sutliff. '
EXPOSURE CAUSE
OF GIRL'S DEATH
General Shatter has ordered an Investi
gation into the matter, and the alleged
participation of .-Major Steele of the Thir
tieth. Infantry Jn the blanket tossing epi
sode. It Is not expected that any report'
on -this matter will be made for several
days.- ¦ . . = '• ¦ • ¦ - -
.The matter, now is In the hands of the
creditors, who propose to use every means
in their power to take off some of the gold
plating from the inside lining of theBrick
family pockets. /. .- '•'¦ ¦ <¦ '. -•-*.'.
Of the antecedents of • the Bricks but
little is knbwn. They came here from
Washington. D. C, about the time the
war broke out and started the small place
on Greenwich street. . The original firm
name was Brick & Rubensteln, and ap
parently Interested in the affair were A.
Weinberg and Morris Brick. They did a
big business with mustered-out soldiers,
and reaped a rich harvest. • Later, Abra
ham Brick,, the head of the/ firm, took
apartments at the Hotel Mlramar, where
he still resides . and ¦ is now watched by
detectives. If . he attempts to leave the
State it is proposed to stop him by means
of criminal proceedings. • . . •¦ : . ,
Brick clams to be without ready, means,
but offers to settle with his creditors on
the -basis of 25 cents cash, 12% cents In
six months, ana a similar amount at the
end of the year.. ¦ ......
Did Big Business With. Soldiers.
Mrs. Brick, supported on either side by
her husband and brother-in-law, walked
out of the bank vaults just "five minutes
before Attorney Napthaly, a deputy
sheriff and the writ of attachment ar
rived. Now the creditors are guessing
what disposition ''has been made of the
money, pending the new civil and possible
criminal complications that will follow.
Attorney Napthaly went out to the City
Hall yesterday to get a writ of attach
ment and Mrs. Brick went to the bank in
extreme haste to get the money, but for
got her key. Her husband had a dupli
cate one, the box was opened and the
money taken out.
This tale of woe was repeated to each
creditor In turn, but an Investigation was
set on foot, which, it Is claimed, led to
the discovery that Brick, Instead of being
financially blanketed, had stowed away
the proceeds of his sales. Curtin's
agency . was engaged to find out some
thing about him and his actions. By
means of a decoy letter It was ascertained
that Mrs. Brick had a large amount of
money in the vaults of the Columbian
Bank. . ¦
When Brick went to collect money from
members of the Thirtieth Infantry, re
cently discharged, he was - treated to a
blanket ascension. He claimed that dur
ing his involuntary aerial flight he dropped
a large amount of money, previously col
lected, and that the discharged soldiers
ran off with it as fast as It fell from his
pockets.
Investigation S»t on I*oo.t.
Co. were the heaviest creditors, and
mourn the loss of almost $6000, while the
balance of the accounts are • scattered
througn the entire wholesale district.
Are those now offered by the Pacific Coast
Bteamshlp Company to Southern Califor
nia ports. For rates and information call
at office. 4 New Montgomery street.
Cheapest and Host Delightful Ocean
Trips in the "World
While anxious creditors of Brick & Co.
were hurrying' and scurrying to secure an
attachment on moneys deposited In the
safe deposit vaults of the Columbian
Eank, shortly before noon yesterday, Mrs.
Brick, laden with gold and currency,
walked out of the bank, winked one
twinkling eye at Detective Curtin, the
expectant merchants and anxious credi
tors, and took the money to some place
where attachments are hard to place,
The woman in the case is supposed to
have been interested In the affairs of the
clothing firm at 2829 Greenwich street,
which had been selling raiment to soldiers
about to be discharged. She rented a safe
deposit box from the Columbian Bank, and
frequently deposited large sums of money
there. Her husband In the meanwhile se
cured credit with various business houses
to the amount of $16,000. Brown Bros. &
Work will be commenced In Tuba Coun
ty "-immediately. .The settlement means
the protection cf rivers and harbors and
the expenditure of large additional, sums
in the future as the occasion may require.
Tuba and Sutter- counties are especially
interested because there are the lands
Vhich have suffered most from the over
flows due to unrestrained hydraulic min
ing.'
Under the Caminettl act $800,000 was ap
propriated for the protection of rivers and
harbors from the overflows produced by
hydraulic mining. The Government was
unable to carry out the provisions of the
act because of the refusal of Harrison. to
dispose of his property, and a condemna
tion suit was accordingly instituted bv
United States District Attorney Frank L.
Coombs. ! .
but a request for its dismissal has been
made. . '•
and Smiling at Her Discomfited Watchers.
BRICK'S WIFE OUTWITS HER
SPOUSE'S WAITING CREDITORS
, ; .
Walks Out of Columbian Bank With Gold and Notes
The obstacle which has prevented the
United States Government from, proceed
ing ¦with the construction of a dam In
Tuba County for the Impounding of debris
has finally been removed. United State3
District Attorney Woodworth yesterday
received information from the law firm of
Forbes .& Dlnsmore tnat a." deed from Ste
phen Harrison for certain property neces
sary for the construction of the dam, ac
companied by a letter of submission, had
been forwarded under the date of April
10 to the California Debris Commission.
Thus a long pending suit for the con
demnation of Harrison's property has
been amicably settled and the Government
is left at liberty to commence its work.
The suit is still pending in the courts,
¦ . . ¦ % m ¦
Settlement of Debris Controversy Enables the
Government to Build Impounding Dam.
LONG PENDING LITIGATION
TERMINATES OUT OF COURT
the Homicide.
Yesterday's proceedings - In the trial of
Robert E. Glaze on a charge of having
murdered William Trewhella at the Wind
sor Hotel on January 14 last were devoid
of any sensation, though important testi
mony was presented on behalf of both the
prosecution and the defense.
When court convened in the morning
counsel for both Bides joined in a request
that the Jury be afforded an opportunity
to inspect the scene of the homicide and
Judge Dunne consented.
All the principals In the trial proceeded
to the Windsor Hotel. The Judge, Jury,
counsel for both sides, the defendant and
officers of the court made the trip from
tlie City Hall to the Windsor Hotel, and
Police Officer Russell acted as guide,
pointing out the various places mentioned
Ly witnesses.
The Inspection of the Windsor Hotel oc
cupied until 11:30 a. m., and when tne
court met again in the City Hall it was
close to the noon hour of adjournment and
a recess was taken until the afternoon.
When the hearing was resumed Dr. Mc-
Mahon testified to having received a tele
phone call on January 14 last. In the after
noon, to proceed to the Windsor Hotel,
where a man had been shot. The doctor
told how he had eone to the hotel and
there found William Trewhella in a dying
condition. Dr. McMahon detailed how he
had examined the dying man, and said
lie died while under treatment.
Chines* Dishwasher's Story.
Ah Fong, known as Fong Ah Foon, em
ployed as a dishwasher at the Windsor
Hotel on January 14, was thfih called to
the witness stand. Louis Lock acted as
Interpreter. The evidence of the Chinese
ehowed that on the day of the shooting
he was engaged in the kitcen of the Wind
sor Hotel and between 1 and 2 p. m. was
under the eheds, peeling potatoes. The
witness told how Glaze had passed from
the old bakery to the kitchen and then
en me back in a hurried manner to the
bakery and entered it. The witness stated
that as soon- as Glaze had entered the
bakery the sound of shots was heard.
"I looked into the room." said Ah Fong,
"but if was full of smoke. Then Glaze
came out. He had a pistol In his hand
and I saw cartridges fall to the ground.
He then went into the kitchen and
I did not see him again. I continued my
work for a few minutes and then went
into the bakery and through the kitchen.
I saw Trewhella's body lying on the steps.
I was frightened and ran up to my room.
Then 1 came down again and saw lots of
people running up to the kitchen."
Morley McKimm, employed at the Wind
por en the day of the shooting, testified
that he was in the rear of the hotel on
the day in question, when he heard the
sound of shots. Witness told of how he
walked toward the kitchen and saw Glaze
come out of the bakery with a pistol in
his hand. Witness explained how Glaze
had emptied the revolver of the empty
er.ells and seemed to reload the weapon.
He described Glaze as being "calm and
collected" and as being "in his usual
manner." The witness further told how
Glaze had Emiled at him when he saw
him coming along the allleyway. Mc-
Kimm was positive that when he reached
Trewhella's body no weapon ¦was near it.
Policeman Barry Arrests Glaze.
Police Officer N. J. Barry testified that
on January 14 he was on .duty at Market
and Powell streets. He said that two men
came up to him shortly after 2 p. m., and
that cne of them said that "he had taken
a shot at a man."
"I thought that he meant he had punched
a man," said Barry, "and at first did not
realize what he meant. Then he told me
that he had shot his partner at the "Wind
sor Hotel. He said that five shots had
been fired. I took him to the hotel and
found an excited crowd there. I learned
that a man was •wounded and telephoned
for an ambulance. Then I took Glaze to
the City Hall. He asked me not to take
him in the patrol wagon and we jumped
on a car and rode out. He talked to me
on the car and said he "had to do it or
this man would ruin him and his family.'
He did not mention Trewhella's name, but
referred to him as his 'partner.' He told
me that his stepson, Shelly, had the pistol.
I asked him if his partner had a weapon
end he said he did not know. I asked
Glaze if he had any friends, who would see
that no weapon was removed from the
man's body if there was one on it, and he
paid he did not know. Then I asked him
If the wounded man had any friends who
rnigrht remove a weapon from his person
and Glaze said again that he did not
know. After I had turned Glaze over to
the prison-keeper I went to the Receiving
Hospital and learned that the man who
had been shot was dead. I went to the
hotel and secured the pistol and cartridges
from Shelly, stepson of Glaze. He told
me that he had received the weapon from
Glaze."
On cross-examination the witness stated
that Glaze had given himself up and had
gone to the City Hall without any resist
ance. The witness also said that Glaze
had stated that Trewhella had advanced
in a threatening manner when he (Glaze)
had approached him. .
The hearing of the trial ¦w[lll be resumed
this morning at 10 o'clock. \
cused Voluntarily Gave Him-
self Into Custody After
Prosecution in Glaze Trial
Has but One More Wit
ness to Present.
Police Officer Sarry Tells How Ac-
JURY INSPECTS
WINDSOR HOTEL
The board of trustees is composed of
Samuel TV Bigelow,- William Babcock.
Charles R. Bishop, William B. Hooper and
S. Prentiss Smith. . . ; . , .
At present there are 165 children in the
asylum, of whom severity-two are girls
and ninety-three bovs. . The cash receipts
for 1900 were $34,845 66, and the expendi
tures were S75S62 less than that amount.
Expenses included the building of a new
steam laundry. Gifts aggregating nearly
$6000 were made to the asylum last Christ
mas. ¦ ¦- ' ' '.;-' ' ¦;, > .,¦¦-. . ¦ . . ¦
During the existence of the asylum 3520
children have been sheltered and educated
in it and have gone out through its por
tals to lead in the main useful lives.
Additions to the building were made in
1859 and 1862. The main wing, begun in
1862, was the gift of the Sansome Hook
and I^adder Company, made on the dis
banding of that organization of volunteer
firemen. The ground for that wing was
given by James Lick. ¦;¦.-.
All gifts to the institution have • been
carefully preserved intact, only- the.in
come being- used, and in consequence a
considerable endowment j fund has • been
collected. The present managers and
trustees feel that the wisdom of those first
in control made the institution what it is.
' The present site, on Haight street! be
tween Lasruna: and Buchanan, was pur
chased from the city February 28, ' 1853,
for the nominal sum of $100. A solid foun
dation was found beneath the sand of the
j'hills that formed the site, stone was qtiar
ried near by and a building begun whldh
now forms the center of the substantial
main structure. It was completed in
March, 1854, and the sixteen children : of
the asylum were moved into it. . -
Donations were solicited and • a cottage
in "Happy Valley," now near Natoma and
Second streets, was occupied as an asy
lum March 19. Five boys and four girls
were the first inmates and a Mrs. Wilson
was matron. In the following December
the asylum was moved to a house on Fol
som street, near Second. .
The San Francisco Protestant Orphan
Asylum was actually founded February
10, 1851, when a constitution was adopted
and a board of managers elected. This
action followed a preliminary meeting at
the First Presbyterian Church on Stock
ton street January 31. This was the in
auguration of the first organized charity
in California, ...
Fifty Years of Noble Effort.
Refreshments were served at tables at
one end ¦ of ¦ the schoolroom during and
following the children's songs. Mrs. Hor
ace Davis had immediate charge of that
portion of the entertainment.
The boys were dressed in their best suits
and the girls from the smallest tots up to
those of 14 and even older wore their neat
est dresses. ¦• Collectively they presented
as pretty a picture of happy, healthy
childhood as one need long to see, and
guests departing beamed with happiness
and gratitude that such an institution ex
ists to make the present bright and the
future hopeful for unfortunate children,
whom death has deprived of parents.
During the afternoon the children sang
choruses and solos and marching songs
and went through the simple dances in
the schoolroom for the entertainment of
the visitors. The programme began with
kindergarten songs and ended with a duet,
"Jerusalem," by two of the older boys,
the older boys and girls joining in the
chorus. It was excellently done, the ef
fect approaching that of the singing of
picked and trained boy choristers.
The hearts of the women managers were
gladdened early in the day by the arrival
of a beautiful landscape-, daintily framed,
the gift of Keith. It was hung in the
schoolroom.
Keith Makes a Gift.
' The members of the board of manage
ment and the. matron,' Mrs. E. A. Mc-
Near, received the guests. The managers
present were the following named:
Mrs. William Alvord, president; Mrs.
William Ashburner, first vice president;
Mrs. C. O. Gerberding,' second vice presi
dent; Mrs. Kirkham Wright, treasurer;
Mrs. Frederick MacCrellish, . secretary;
Mrs. Albert ' T. Spotts, assistant secre
tary; Miss Agnes Center, Mrs.- Horace
Davis, Mrs. Charles P. 'Eells, Miss Anna
P. Greer, Mrs. Henry Haight, Mrs. D." W.
Horsburgrh, Mrs. Louis F. Monteagle, Mrs.
John Moss, Mrs. Charles W. Slack, Mrs.
William R. Smedberg and Mrs. A. N. Tal
bot. • ••-• •¦.¦¦-(
Miss Nellie Stow, the only member not
present, is traveling In Europe.
< Visitors were shown the building from
cellar to garret. Evidence of excellent
system in management, scrupulous clean
liness and" wholesomeness of irifluence was
to be seen everywhere. The nursery, the
kindergarten,- sewing rooms, kitchen,
storerooms, dining rooms, dormitories
and the infirmary on the . top . floor
were all inspected with interest by the
guests. One lone little tot, sick in the in
firmary, was the oiily visible evidence that
the children cared for by the institution
ever have ills.;.
The rooms' of the asylum, presented their
usual appearance, except that the or
dinary routine was suspended. Flowers
brightened the reception room and flam
ing bunches of popples lent color to corri
dors and dormitories.
The fiftieth anniversary of the founding
of the San Francisco Protestant Orphan
Asylum was celebrated yesterday, after
noon. I . The institution and the children
were in gaga, day attire and hundreds of
friends were received between the hours
of 3 and 5 o'clock. : '•.
Many Friends of California's First
Organized Charity Entertained ¦
: by a- Programme of Songs
by Children. • , , £,_
Fiftieth Anniversary of the
Founding of Protestant
Orphan Asylum.
WOMEN MANAGERS
RECEIVE GUESTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL., FRIDAY, APRIL, 12, 190ll
George Davidson Is Elected a Corresponding
riember of the Institutde France.'
CONFERRING HIGH HONORS
ON BERKELEY PROFESSOR
PROF. DAVIDSON. "WHOSE
WORK HAS WON FOR HIM
NEW HONORS.
5
Weekly Call, per Year
SHhas taken the: place
f of Olive Oil j» j>» v B
g^wherc nice diatincttonjt are made. J|
At Druggists 5 throughout tlia world.
A SHALL WINEGLASS POL IS
A LAKGE DOSE OF
Health/Strength and Vigor.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
nave been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of th»
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cura tha
worst cases In old and young:
arising: from effects of ¦elf-
: abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clgarette-smoklns- Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Nlsht Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, tlnfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, mm *^ Verlcoceleor Con-
stipation. Stops Ne*3 %J rvous Twitching;
of Eyelids. Effect? p^. £ZL are Immediate.
Impart vl B or and cz /* TS potency to every*
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undevelooed rrgans.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers: SOc a
box: S for *2 SO by mall. A -written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with « boxes. Clr-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO
40 Kills st, San Francisco. CaL GRANT
DRUG CO.. S3 and 40 .Third at. V / '•'¦
u U LU
• Nearly everybody seems to be talcing Prof. Ma*-
Ton's Cold Care whenever a cold appears. It
relieves the head, nose, throat and lungs so quickly
that a cold need no longer be a forerunner of grippe. ,
diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Cure .
is like a life insurance policy. Every one of his
remedies is as sure. Mostly 25c vial. Guide to
Health free. Mnnvon. New York and Philadeiohia.
jiu.ixox's imiaLeb cubes catabbh.
x $5 Photos $2.50— Until *§RPBfi|§£ ¦^*^jSBC^3f%B l^§E§ ip^i^ At tho Concort To- %
t£ s P : C ndid pictures by plectric light) gj BpPl* ¦ And ~ %^ ItK «ol^T"' A^ '^
u we offer the nsw style Funston $5 4ft€*9ftC* H'KllTIf ff^g^T'?* gfc **r *"3 programme has been prepared for
If Panels, per dozen. ....... $2 50 CALIFORNU'S LARQEST~AMER1CA*S GRANDEST STORE this occasion. j
\ Special Sales To-Day of Silks, |
I Millinery, Dresses, Clothing, Etc. %
% Special Sale of Clothing Special Sale Millinery |
I Friday and Saturday. Friiiay and Saturday. 5
% . <tw These clothing valuts cannot be , [mpOrUd Pattern Hats 5
I #S» Educed for These T'^o^ys. %
x cLw ¦ gone we shall have no more of the Trimmed Hats $6.5O—R^ pretty 2h|?§*^P' "5
1 >&5V Same qualities to off:r at the same creations; ereiything in sty.e; good matenVs and *f j»
2? JfflVNj^ ¦ 4u«iiiuc3 tw . making of the b«t, and a generous assortment to % P <f
X (T/W/J f\ P nceS# • select rrom; Friday and Satur- £*£+ tS0% » *Jt {f
* llUj/ a \\ \ Men's $15 and $12.59 Sack d*y only ..,.. JU S
X I Ft? \ Suits $9.95— Fns wonteds, tweeds $4,go Ready - to ~Woar Hats «== rP * r S
5 /"? iT VI K and chev'ot suiting, in ' pretty mixtures said . $2.60 — Black, tan and gray-felt crowns, with Manih straw «J
K \)j\>.'l Ifc p'ain e3ects; styb'shly cut, perfectly tailored, facing; have been until now £4.50, Friday and • «^^^ • CZff% X
5 V*^rA «ssi/ well lined— the rot of the exclusive Saturday en y. ..: 1 <qPJ&m%PmJ ]f
K f T \ Q/ ' clothier; Friday and Sat- «Q A S $ 2 .50 Manila Straw HatJ $1.75— Manila Straw Walking Hats, crepe •}
*L I* V \J\JSsr Uiday ° n y " *Pm*m silk folded bands, broad brims, will be the popular hat later on, have S
X >w-jjjjlLr* BOYS 9 $5 been until now |a. 50; Friday and Saturday only.^... _ _ J*
tf /> j VBStao .-..I. r 9MmM& &
, il Suits V&£S Children's Hats at $3.50— A good assortment of finoJooking, nicely 3»
«f " . «o Ot> A t?2$J £^L trimmed hats, reduced for. special sa.'e Friday and. Sat- . o -_- 1 *
X L . ¦ * Z vf7 L fs W J&h urdayonlyto J..... $&m&U $
» choice assortment, of new stylish fabrxs, V--J\. t ? « • ¦ ; •
J» . special pattern cas'mirej and yarn dyed \^^Z^k V* r- JL'H '-—' m-m me 0+*% 3c
Jf--. t^ed.; the v«ts made of E Uk in the /g|g2f\ . /^W\ . $f.OO SHif POffHtiS 69 Cm Jt
»f latest doubk-breasttd 'style; sires for j jT^A \l\ rf^ ( \ About 600 yards of the beautiful 20-bch 'Colored Silk PoplinJ that are J
J» boy; 3 to 8 >ejrs; cur regular price $5, i B ¦ 1 Ul fi \\ 6Q popular jj^ gea3On f or frfa wa i $ts and costumes; in such desirable .%
2 special Fiiday and 4g»*p QO MJL^dLj I Mk J$ Z \ co!orings ai reds, modes, gray, turquoise, cream, brown, heliotrope, £
g ¦ • • Saturday only <&£* m «7«9 S T^S^fUfT^hJ magenU, goblin, etc. ; the grades that retail regularly for g+ Q J
{f Boys' Wash SailOP SuftS \ \ ¥ T \r~ jttt $1 .00 a yard; on specal sale Friday only %J tfV >
» 88C — 5° different sty'es to select from; /\ ' U_ V\ 1 ' • \g
JC every su"t perfectly cut and well made; ¦ H Vn. P VH CHUdrCSi'S Ap l*OnS-~SpeGi ' Bl m . X
Jg : colors guarant edab.olutely fas'; if bought /1\--. ' &
H . in the regu^r way would retail I at $1. 25 J- / ' L \ An Apron of good lawn; tucked yoke, in all ;^^V» t^tmHP- m
*? and ftr.go: on special sa'e ffi>{%d*r- '/i_'Jl' sizes but for age 8 (that's the reason they are .CTqa flCr' Jt
•P Friday Only CPirCr <£* l ?~f&'~' to cheap to- dar), the sizes for ages IO and iz <!•
jtf . • ' ¦ are 70c and 80c; to-day only — _ A?®F/
X :, -„ ¦ _, ¦- ¦: _ ' choice for **OC -.jajg^t' ' ?
£ 85c Swiss Taneta . 5 7c -¦¦ GirIs . Gin3ham Aprons _ S : Zes f or i *> 3 . mvm\
•About 350 yar. J s of Plain and Colored Sw'ss Taffeti— a rich, soft-finish, years..' ...-35C jl A \ \\\ %
J good-wearing silk; in red,' tan, turquoise, pink, gray, blue, heio- ., . *„._. -• ,. fnr . tn . k \ \ L\A\ 5|
If-, trope, od rose and cream; excel ent ' shirt waht and Un : ng ma'eria'; Bo > s Gingham Aprons— Sizes for 1 1 to J k I I f.|| \ $
» tfce grade that retails rigu'arly fcr 85c a yard, on special R m 7g% ' n 7 / t$J* t 1 \\\ j«
S saie Friday.. m* m %0 Girls' -Overalls— Khaki goods, cut to fit / jf F - t 1 ~.Wf), \ )f
|>. _¦ ¦¦_ _ _ ¦;" ; girls..../ .< 50c I }')f\\ $
i Groceries and Liauors Un % rmtslin *
jf : . • . . • . : ; . . • ; ¦ . ¦ . Floor, "'"•^i * -^ " &
Jf Best Dry Granulated Sugar — Torday . . 19 lbs* $1.OO '¦ — _ J
5 Van Camp's Assorted Soap? — To-day only ...3 tins 25c Qnff <5?**^»l!r«!» 4!
X Quaker Oats— Regularly 2 package 25c;' to-day only, package. . 1Oc %9MMaB^U& 53 Si if &GJOf&m £
IsS^^SK^^^^^pS Friday and Saturday Only. *
JC Lay in a Supply Ol Com at tllCSC prices. Plaited Golf Shirts 53c— 10 patterns of these popu!ar Shirts; all up to X
I' Voywil never lor th« money: jSg >
J Best Western Corn— To-day 13 tins $1 OO | IOO each H = has imtructed us to sell them at a price, and 3f
jf Best Maine Ccr.l— To-day : . . . fj tins S1.OU wc makc sp . cial price f or Fli( j ay „,,{ Saturday only — _ o £
E Jcs'c Moore AA Whiskey— To-day, bottle. . . ', 80c each ;. O3C J
% Choice Sweet Wines— Angelica, Tokay and Madeira; reguarly n.50 Seamless Sccki 7K C pal -^-About 200 dozen tan and black seamless Jg
X~ a gallon, to-dav. .: .G5C Socks made from Sea Is'and Cotton,' colors guaranteed fast, bought
K Guinness' White Labrl ! StVut— McMul ens & Sons' botfjng; rcgu- direct from the mill at a price far below their value. We cfter _ f «J
J . larly «2.io per dozen, on special sale Friday. . ; $1.S5 them at specal sa'.e Friday and Saturday only— per pair. .... # a C $
% : • £ : : : : — ¦ — . ! .<»
I Last Days of Special Sale |
\ House Furnishings of All Kinds. \
}f Sale positively. ends at closing time to-morrow night. Until then savings 0! onc-quarlcr lo one-hall OVCT re^U- x
K lar prices on these and hundreds of other new, up-to-date articles for home furnishings. -jj
If 60c Imitation Cut-Glass Pitchers ...... 39o 45c 2-qt enameled Milk Cans 27 O good for edd places, bath rooms, etc., to b<? £
* * 35c Wrought Iron Candle Sticks ..... 19o $1-75 wood fram: Wring r $1 22 sold in pairs or singly at les; than half value,
•f J23.25 Semi-porceain Dinner Sets. $15 69 75c b'ack Japan Mail Boxes 49o . per par. 35C to $2.00 S
X 40c Wate.r or Jelly Tumb'ers — p:rdozin.30<? 35c loinch enamiled CoIIandrr 25O Brusels Ef.CCt L«C3 Curtains— 60 inches .<
* 73c Imitation Cut-Glass Berry Dish's:. 47o 45c Muffin Pans— 8 holes ...26C wide, exquisite patterns in white and ecru, 50 -*
h ¦ 5 cc Semi-Porce ain Enameled Te» Pots . 30c *Sc Baking Pans— 7x1 1 inches ...... 15O F^. 8 F«- : al *r this sale, pa: ?vx..$3.37 ]f
K $3.75 Seir.i-Porce'a-n Chamber Sets $2 69 90c^^ Bleached Satin Damask. .. 1 ...... 73o Notfngham Lads Curtains— 1% yards by 54 %
I X 20c Soft Down Feather Dusters. . tOo $'-*5 valuc Damask Napkins — Aozzn... Q8C -inches, copy of the finest designs in real lace, -J
K 35c Turkey Feither Dusters... ......25C 45-inch Bleached Pillow Casing, yard. . ;f«7C 8pc=«l forthissae, per pair $2.7 H .J
h 47c 13-inch nickel plated Trays....... 25C Marseilles* Spread -full size, nice qua it/, new Wm. Rogers' Forks and Spocns— guaranteed «
X $1.00 Meat Safes-Jamily size 87o patsern $1.43 f«'l standard weight of silver on II per cent jf
K Lsrge Brooms— 3 <;c qui'ity for 2SC Blezched Sheet; — very excellent qualitv :, nickel silver:
ft 7 ec Papitr Mach: Up Boards.. ...... S9O Singeb^d, 54x90 inches; eich. ...36%O T.b> Spoon? or Forks, set of 6 $1.6B $
ft 85c erameled Tea Kettles.. .....57C Double bed, 8 ixoo.incheS; each...52^C Table Knive;— sterling plate, tet of 6. ..68O X
x 80c 2-qt enameled R ce Boilers ........ 59o Odd Pairs of La.e Curtains— hav.'ni slight Table Knives— trip'e plated, satin finish ban- J
f? 30c 4^qt Lipptd Saucs Pans 22C manufactureri* imptrfections, good patterns, dls;setof6. .$1-28
J45C 2 qt enameled Coffee Pets 29 G in ecru and white, full lengths_and widths, 30-Hcur Nickel Alarm Clock 67O '%
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
D \lA W A « B w A b! fek. si iw
* Tke. l^te,st irv
WalKii\£ Sticks
Yw/ ' /**? to X *''"){
k^^^Z^P yf These canes are mide^^ () <^--~>^~~~f~~'
in three different woods —^^. —
J^ Wang, Partridge and Penang.
Yoii may not! know what these
y^ names mean, but they are good, hard,
* tough woods that take an elegant polish. .
Some of the canes are plain, some are sterling silver
mounted, and others "are sterling silver inlaid.
They are really beautiful canes, and, what's more/they
are -the very latest, being used right to-day r on, Broadway,
New York. We have the canes from 55c up to $2.50.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
1^ , 718 Market ; Street.A TOO SERIOUS KAISER.
¥ /OAISER WILLIAM is unquestionably^the mo3t
|\ forcefu^ monarch of thctime. He is, indeed, in
..." *¦ personality as well as by his office, one of the
foremost men of Europe., Yet there are times when
he talks more like a spoiled child or a sulky barbarian
than like an enlightened statesman or a stalwart leader
of men. He had a fine chance to makea display of
personal courage and kingly confidence in his people
after the assault made upon him by* the crazy fool who
threw a piece of gas pipe at him, wounding him in the
head, but instead of making good use of the occasion
he has made the worst possible use of it.
We learn' from Berlin that for a- time after the
assault was committed the Kaiser shut himself. in' his
palace and talked about his reliance upon his brave
guards and upon the duly of the army to protect the
imperial house should a mutinous and ungrateful pop
ulace rise' in rebellion and insurrection, as it did
He is reported to have said: "A hand from out of
the people' was recently raised against me, to rriyin-
That was bad enough surely, . but he went on to
make matters worse. Berlin dispatches report that
after the healing of his wound, which; after all,* was not
very, serious, the Kaiser went to the barracks of the
Potsdam garrison, where he summoned the First Reg
iment of Foot Guards and, after taking extraordinary
precautions to prevent sny representative of the press
or other, civilian obtaining knowledge of his remarks,
he delivered a speech, which,; leaking out from ones
source or another, has had the effect of irritating even
the most loyal of his civilian subjects.
Two interesting local gentlemen nave" gone to law
and demand that, under, an' antique, discredited title,
they be given . property involving one-third of • San
Francisco. They have probably" forgotten the fact
that the first day of April has passed and the Commis
sioners of Insanity are still in session.
PERSONAL MENTION.
George N.' Seifert of San Jose Is at the
Palace. .
• J. F. Condon; a merchant of Verdi, ls'at
the Grand.
P. O. Flanlgan, a mining. man of Reno,
is at the Grand. , , •
. Lk'.-W. Parks of Folsoni has registered
at the Occidental. ¦ / \^}!
. Dr. R. Gross of Eureka registered at
the Lick yesterday.
Peter Musto, amerchant of Stockton, Is
a guest at the Grand. _-.: \^h.
C. M. Wheeler, of Eureka registered^ at
the Palace yesterday.
Charles .G. • Bonner, . a vineyardlst of
Fresno, is at the Grand.
J. L ; . Chadock, a merchant of Fresno, is
a guest.at the California. . /
b; F. Brooks/ an oilman of Bakersfleld,
is a gruestat the Palace.
William G.Gosslin, a capitalist of Port
land, Or., is at the Palace. ;.
Thomas Costello of Sacramento regis
tered at the Lick yesterday.
. Hervey Lindley, a lumber merchant of
Klamathon, is at the Palace. * - . ,
¦ Edward C. Finch, an oilman of Port
land,' Or.,' is at the Occidental.
J. M. . Williams," a mining man' of New
man, is a guest at the Occidental.
Phil Cahn, a grain merchant of Stock
ton, is spending a few days at, the Cali
fornia. ; ; . : ;;" ;. . . ;
'•H. . A. Hesse, ." special ¦ examiner of the
United States Civil Service , Commission,*
is in the city. ' v >. "-'.';¦¦
.General Fitzhugh. Lee, accompanied by
his daughter, -Miss - Anne : Lee, left last
evening: for Los Angeles, whefe^ he will
meet his ;wif e, who arrived there?" yester
day from Richmond; ,Va.":
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A NICKEL— Subscriber, City. A United
States nickel of 1882 does not command a
premium.- ,
DRAWS THE WAGON— K. O. S., City.
When a horse is in the shafts of a wagon
and moves forward he draws or pulls the
wagon after him. He does not push it
Pansy, City. If every' time you
have a cold in the head there Is produced
the trouble described in the letter* of In
quiry, you should consult a reputable
physician, and not a newspaper.
POPULAR PLURALITY — Subscriber,
Berkeley, Cal. The largest plurality evf-r
received by a Presidential candidate in
the United States was by William Mc-
Kinley- in 1900. It was 832,280. In 1896 hl3
plurality « was 601,854. The highest popu
lar plurality previous to ¦ McKinley's
was that received by U. S. Grant in l?r»
It was 762,991. •
CUSTOM-HOUSE— Subscriber; City. The
position of inspector -for the custom
house, and all positions above the grade
of unclassified lab.orer, comes under
United States civil service rules Foroar
ticulara as to examinations apnlicatlnn
should be made in writing to the secre
tary, of the local board of examiners in
the custom-house In which a position is
HOMESTEAD-A. F. R., J enny jj na
Cal. If a person wants to take up a home
stead under tha United States law all that
la required is that the settler shall reside
upon the land for the prescribed time and
cultivate it. --¦ There is nothing in the law
that requires any particular sty e of buy
ing. . A" log cab'n," if it answers the pur
pose of the settler, is as good as a palace
£*«"'¦* the resIdenc « of the
THE LESSON OF THE ELECTIONS.
WHEN the reports came of the successes of the
in 'the recent city elections in Chi
cago, and St. Louis The Call pointed out that
the' results., were Mue not so much to any increased
strength in "trie. Democratic party as to.dissessibris
among Republicans. .That view of the case has been
confirmed by a statement' of Mr. .Wells, trie gold bug
Democrat, who has been • elected Mayor in St.
Louis, that his success was .due mainly to "Repub
lican defection in North and South St. Louis, hitherto
Republican* strongholds."/; V\ St 1 - !¦';'¦' . •
.It is gratifying to note that in Eastern cities where
"municipal elections are to be held this fall the Repub
licans have been studying the lessons taught by the
defeat of Republican candidates in the -cities named
and are, drawing profitable lessons from' them!- Now
there can be.no doubt as' to what the lessons teach;
Republican success is dependent upon the practice of
horiest'. politics "within; the' party. If there be any sus"-'
picion of ;bbss '' rule or corporation- rule in , a Repub
lican convention it is a 'foregone "conclusion that • a
large number" of the most earnest ' men in.the local
party will refuse; to support the ticket. Democracy
may win under such domination, but Republicanism
cannot. . ; ¦ - '. -
i That -plain; moral applies to San Francisco as well
as. 1 to. other cities. There is now every prospect of a
sweeping Republican victory, in this city at the com
ing municipal election,- and the promise of the -time
can be blighted ohlyiiy the appearance in Republican
councils and conventions' of that class; of bosses who
disgusted Republicans ir'St. Louis and Chicago. The
election is; not, too far off to makY it worth while to
begin studying the situation now. .'Anything in t'ne
way of r dissension, among- Republican voters <at the
municipal election : will t>e in" the' nature of a public
calamity, so all members ''pi "the; party) who are ear
nestly desirous of providing the city and county with
a good and ¦ effective administration 1 should resolve
that _when the campaign opens they will' be found
ready, to enter upon all political duties ¦ imposed by
civic"' patriotism, so as to assure San Francisco Re
¦pubHcanism a clean convention, a; clean ticket 'and a
clean sweep at the polls.- ' : ' •''"-".:'' " "
Carnegie's prompt denial of the report that he is
to endow an international theater for the production
of legitimate drama may be taken as proof that while
he has millions to give away he has no money to burn.
HELP THE EPWORTH LEAGUE.
ONE of the largest gatherings of young men and
women that ever assembled in t the United
States will be seen in San Francisco when- the
Epworth League opens its- international convention
next July. The gathering 'so far as can be foreseen
at this time will be one of the most notable events of
th- year on the Pacific Coast. It will not only attract
to California the attention of the entire reading public
ci the United States while the convention lasts, but it
will bring here thousands of observant visitors who
will carry back to their friends reports of what they
have seen here and of what the inducements are for
hemeseekers and for tourists. » "
Such being the case the whole community of San
Francisco should unite iu preparing a hospitable and
cordial welcome for the members of the league and
for their friends. It is to be an occasion of interest to
jill citizens, and each in proportion to his means
should gladly share in whatever expense the recep
t'or will entail.
In all affairs of this kind there is of course a great
deal of volunteer work done with zeal for "the good
of the cause" and not for pay. The resident members
of the league, with their friends, can be counted on to
do a large amount of such work for the convention. ;
Volunteers, however, cannot do everything. Money
?s well as willing hearts and hands will' be required
in making preparations. To the general public the
lerguers have a right to look for assistance in raising
the money. It goes without saying the expectation
v.ill not be disappointed, for however Califqrnians may
differ and divide on other issues they have never yet
failed to stand together where hospitality is at stake.
It may then be accounted as certain that whatever,
ir.cney is needed will be forthcoming. The only
question is that of obtaining it promptly, that definite*
arrangements may be speedily" made and the work of
carrying them out be entered upon early so there will
be ro. confusion just before the convention meets.
It can hardly be necessary to remind San Fran
cisco that the Epworth League is one of- the, many
organizations of the American people whose, work
tends directly to the public good. Its power is one cf
helpfulness toward all g°od ends. It has merited by
srduous service of deeds already done the aid which
it now asks from the community. It has thus the
merit of its work as well as the duty of hospitality,
to back its appeal for funds with which to, provide a
genuine Californian wskemefor the convention.. Let
us hope there will be no delay in subscribing,- the
amount asked for. This is one of the instances where
S?n Francisco should show herself at her best.
Crimsonbeak— I think a crab la about
the most stubborn thing I know of.
Yeast — How so?
"Why, you can go and row about th»
river for hours and never get a. bite, but
If you happen to get on© easy specimen
In tho boat you've got to be an acrobat
to keep from getting a bite every min
ute."—Yonkera Statesman.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
C&l. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • .'
"We have received during the past week
31 cases of the finest Eastern made pic
ture frame moldings ever brought to this
city. These new moldings are now ready
for inspection and can be made up Into
frames and delivered promptly. Better
values than ever seen In this market be
fore. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street.' ¦ •
Picture Frame Mold ings.
From 1702 to 1S07 more than 3,500,000 Afri
cans were taken from their country as
slaves.
everywhere in 1801; it had grown and been
nourished by rumor and suggestion for
four years, ever since the Presidential
election of 1796. While the excited peo
ple were impatiently awaiting at that
time the tediously slow returns of the
votes from different' States, there came to
them Instead in quick succession word of
great fires in Baltimore, Philadelphia,
New York, Savannah. The flre in Savan
nah destroyed 350 houses. Every one was
horror-stricken. Tbe newspapers began
to circulate the charge of "pyrotechny"
against the Democrats; It was declared
that the Jacobins, the shouters of Ca ira,
the admirers of French ways— in short,
the followers of Jefferson— had applied the
torch In all these stricken towns, and
many foretold gloomily that French
modes of public murder, the guillotine,
wouldkSoon follow French flames. .
- . Guarding Against Fires.
Timidity and excitement added to 'the
fright. Men declared they found plain
traces of Incendiarism— oiled rags in cel
lars, scorched side walls. Strange conver
sations were overheard :¦ young men we.e
arrested on suspicion. Rewards -were of
fered for the detection of incendiaries;
night watches were ordered by fright
ened town and city officers. Young men
volunteered- to serve on the comnanies of
watches; but thev soon turned the whole
thing into a gay and riotous lark. The
newspapers were full of advice and warn
ing. Citizens were enjoined -to keep their
servants within doors: * to have their
chimnevs cleaned: to look after- their
pumps." By the side of each man's house
might be, seen, standing a silent, dumpy,
portly sentinel with extended arm— the
pump— muffled in old auilts and carpets
to prevent it from freezing. Many threw
salt down the necks of the pumps on biz
ter nights. One duty of the nightwatch
was to give a few turns to each pump
handle as he passed in order that it might
not "run dowh"; if he did, as every one
knows; a tedious duty had to be gone
through with of pouring in water, fetched
frdm some one else's well, 1 : pumping vig
orously the while till "the pump caught"
and suction was established. In case of
sudden fire, such a delay might prove a
factor in destruction. -
Outfit of tlie Volunteer Firemen.
Our citizen was a fireman— as was every
householder of that day. Perhaps he
might belong to an organized band of fire
men. But whether - he did" or not, he
worked assiduously and unvaryingly at
found two lines of faithful •workers formed
reaching to the nearest water supply,
usually the river side: sometimes' it was
only the town pump. There were strong
men In one line passing to the flre from
hand to hand buckets filled with . water,
while a line of boys and even of women
passed back the empty buckets. Over all
stood in charge a dienifled flre warden
with his long painted staff of office. No one
could refuse to work on these flre lines.
The slightest hesitancy In beginning to
help would bring a deluge of water from
many buckets over the offender and. he
was lucky if he was not thrown into tho
river. Often the town had in the town
house forty or fifty buckets. These were
carried to the fire by two men, -who strung
the buckets on poles.
There was rarely a flre engine. When
there was one it was simply a great
clumsy tank, surmounted by a pump. It
¦was . dragged to the fxro by a single rope>
and many willing hands, but made slow
progress on its cumbersome wheels of
solid wood. The tank was usually eight
feet long and two or three feet deep and
three or four feet wide, and had to be sup
plied by a special "fire line" of buckets.
The pipe through which the water was"
thrown was of what was known as the
"goose-neck" shape, 1 and it was claimed
that when worked with a will water could
be thrown sixty feet, which gave very
good service in the days of two and three
story dwellings.
Some Early Fire Engines.
The first fire engine seen In Brooklyn
was built In 1785 and Was used for fifty
years by "Washington Company No. 1.
The Columbian Centinel of^pril 26, 1799,
gives this item: ' .
In a late new York paper we notice tlie fol
lowing article: One of Brahm's royal patent
.engines received here on the ship Sarah from
Liverpool was yesterday ' shipped on board a
vessel for Boston. We are informed it ia a
present to the Boston Fire Insurance Com
pany. < s
John Hancock gave ' a hand engine to
the town of Boston and in accepting tho
gift with gratitude it was announced that
the donor's property would always be
given preference in using the engine in
case of a general conflagration.
In 1794 a suction hose engine -was made
in Philadelphia, the wonder of its day.
This pipe was cf canvas soaked in brine
to prevent Its rottins: and it was var
nished. It was many years before rub
ber hose was used.
THE TEXAS WAY.
THE bloody county of /Bowie/^Texas, has been"
represented in the Legislature by Judge Dillard,
probably related to. "Cousin Sally /Dillard" of
the story.
The Judge strove for" a legislative record of the
latest anti-monopoly pattern. His voice was raised in
behalf of the ancient cowpath as against the modern
railway, and in all ways, in season and out, he let him
self be known as the. husky enemy of any business
enterprise wherein two or three were gathered to
gether in the name of progress' and profit., Talking of
Bowie County,, he declared himself a • plain man, a
commoner, averse to the enervating luxuries, such as
baths, which are sapping the strength of the young
mr.nhood of Texas. ,
Suddenly the Tribune 'of the people resigned. He
fell out of the House like a star out of the firmament.
The place that knew him one day could not find him
with a search warrant the. next.' The people Were
without a friend, orphaned and forlorn.
He left on record as a reason for his resignation
that the Texas Legislature is controlled by corpora
tions, and therefore he gathered his toga close about
his shanks and carried it off undefiled.
Back from Bowie County came a chorus of approval.
Dillard was mentioned for Congress, the' Senate, any-,
thing in sight, for nothing* could be too good for a
patriot who refused to lvt evil communications corrupt
his good manners. .' *
Just when he was buoyantly floating on the tide that
bears men on to glory there arose in the Legislature
the Hon.;F. F. Hill of Denton County, with proofs
ami papers in his hand and rebuke in his voice, -and
proceeded to /show .that Judge Dillard. had resigned
and left the- Legislature and the. capital because .tlie
local Grand Jury had indicted him for gambling, and
further, that he had looked upon the wine when it was
$4 a bottle, and had patted with a diamond pin in a
resort that' is not in' the society blue book of Austin. *
. It was a hard day for Dillard of Bowie County,.but
he was not without a champion. In his behalf rose
Mr. Smith of Collins County/ not to disprove or deny
anything Mr. HilLhad said, but to "remind the gentle
man from* DenTori" that Judge Dillard is a dead shot,
and has aiready,' suhy killed two men." He thought
that Hill would not have made such statements had he
known, this, and he desired now to inform the House
of Judge" Dillard's record, in order that the carnage,
when it begins, may be- as- limited as possible, and not
interfere' with a quorum, nor delay the public business.
Mr. Hill inquired what Judge Dillard's handiness With
a gun had to do with his indictment for gambling and
the loss of his diamond. But he got no answer except
a repetition of the casualty list which was already
credited. tothe recent member from. Bowie. ,
Further news ; is awaited by the Legislature with
breath variously bated. . ' - ' . ''._..
There is talk in the East of Judge Taft
forward as a candidate for the. succession to McKin
ley, and while nothing of note is said about his quali
fications, the country is reminded that the Judge is an
Ohio man. •; '¦'¦ . . . . .
•;As we walk quietly, along the darkening
streets in the winter twilight of the year
1801, what is that sudden clamor \ which
rises? i The sound comes closer. In every
house a .window or door opens and then
the cry of "Fire! Fire!", issues" forth with
distinctness in a score of different voices.
The -clangor' of every church bell in town
soon is added, rnng violently, but with no
attempt/ at signaling by strokes or guid
ing to the burning'spot.The good man of
each household seizes his fire buckets and
_flre oag. and ifsues forth with anxious
haste, joining. the crowd of men and boys
hurrying, running,' all bawling. -"Fire!
Fire!" along the. streets toward the as
cending smoke which is the only guide as
to the locality, of the fire. If v the house
holder cannot go for a few moments him
self of If • he cannot run, he throws his
buckets and firo bag to some younger and
more active soul who. is hurrying past,
but, then, he does not delay an unneces
sary moment. - The good • wife sets a
candle at her window pane to help illum
ine the streets; all are eager to help, with
that eagerness that . comes from- a need
of self-preservation. .. ¦ •
For there -was intense dread of fire
every fire as if that were his only busi
ness. He owned a fire bag of canvas or
duck, or osnaburgs, and ¦which must. have
a strong - drawing- string. . This could - be
packed with household goods to be re
"moved from the burning house;, often he
had afirehook to help pull down build?
ings. In Philadelphia he' tiad a willow
basket with s two handles and a great
clumsy fire syringe. " In the schoolhouse
and meeting house and other public build
ings were fire ladders, and the citizens
had : two, or in some towns four, strong
leather buckets. All these when in disuse
were kept hanging in the front hall of his
hoxise or behind his shop door.
These buckets had Deen the only regular ;
means for conveyance of water since the
earliest colonial days. They were made
of the best sole leather,' and were a mat
ter of considerable pride, being painted
with the name of the owner and often
some decorative design, such as a pious
or moral motto, or even a coat of arms.
They were deemed a very dignified mark
and emblem of house-owning and respon
sibility. Many are preserved to our day,
an old age of honored desuetude.
Fighting Fires; in the Fire Zdne.
"When the citizen replied the fire he
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
VHI.— FIRE! FIBE!
¦
FRIDAY .APRIL 12,1001
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propnetor.
Address AH Commnaleationi t« W. 8- LEAIE, Kwtger.
M A YAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prewii 204
I'LOLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Marltet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prew 201.
irDITORIAIi ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week. -
EtBETle Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Postasret
DATI.T CAXAi flndafiin* Eccday). one year $«.M
TAH/T CAU» naclnfllns Buifcay). C months...;'.'.'....;....... *-M
DAILY CAIL (Including: Sunday). S months 1-50
DAILT CALL— By Single Month. «5e
ffNDAT CALL. One Tew * 1.M
WEKKLT CAT.U On« Tear.. tM
All poiimaafem are authorized to receive
' - "-. •ubscrir'-lonii.
tatnple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mali snfeserlbert In ordering chance of nddrm* cncraliS t*
otrttenUr to rtr* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to tBrnarm a prompt and ecu eel compliance with their request.
OAKXAAD OFFICE .....1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KnOGXESS.
Ku&gtr farelga Adrtrtlsia?. Karqcetti Building, CMetg*.
djoag Distance Telephone "Central 2611.") . 4
KEW TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
r. c CAJtlLTOX Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE! - ''- *
STKPHES B. SMITH 3O Crlbune Building
' • . NEW TORK NF— S BTANDSt
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel: A. Breatano. SI Union Bosarc:
*Tcrray Bin Hotel. • . -:¦.;..'.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS! • \
Eherman House: P. O. New* Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
FVemoct House; Auditorium HpteL
WASHIKCTOlf CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., K. W.
MORTON- E. CRAKE. Correspondent.
DRJLKCH OFFICES— CZ7 Montgomery, censer of Clay, open
until t:W or clock.. SOD Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock, en
McAllister, open until >:<<> o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
»::0 o'clock. IM1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until I o'clock. 1098, Valencia, opea
entn > o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor-.
tier Twenty Hiecond and. Kentucky, open nntll » o'clock.
ALTBRY^NGELDISM.
THERE are evidences that the compound dis
ease Altbryaogeldism has run its course in this
. country. - It was an epidemic of political immor
ality. The symptoms were a quickened pulse, upward
rolling eye, a vocal tremolo, a loud voice and itching
palm. ' i •
The disease- appeared in 1896, and many prominent
public men caught it. So; threatening was it that the
peopk ordered a quarantine that year, which confined
it to part of the Southern States and r a few Northern
States west of the Missouri River. In other parts of
the .Union it -was prevalent in sporadic form, and
seemed to have become endemic in Nebraska and Mis
souri. As the sufferers from hay fever have a national
organization and convention, so these victims of Alt
bryangeldism had theirs. It was a peculiarity of the
disease that its victims were spitefully inimical to all
who did not catch it. The Gold Democracy in 1S96
were immune and passed through the epidemic of that
year untouched. On the other hand, a large num
ber of Republicans were infected, and had the misery
in an acute and exaggerated form.
. A careful isolation of the microbe which caused it
proved that it was first introduced into the country by.
the Populists. It incapacitated the patients for dis
tinguishing between a $"20 gold piece and a leather
medal. They chewed a rag and then offered it in pay
ment of debts. They denied the existence of the law
of gravity, and insisted that if it were not for a' class
they called "gold bugs'' things would fall up instead
of down. The disease derived its name from its two
most prominent victims, Mr. Altgcld and Mr. Bryan.
It was very acute in. each. 'It affected Altgeld's sight,
so that when he looked at the constitution of the
: United States it seemed like a\blank : piece of paper.
When ¦ there was . a conflict' between, the law and its
violator he had a str.ibismatic trouble which to. his
vision made the law. criminal and the criminal inno
cent. Unfortunately, in the height of the attack' he
was Governor of Illinois, and when visiting the peni
tentiary would i marvel that certain desperate charac
ters, murderers and anarchists, were there, and' would
pardon them. When several of these victims of his
diseased clemency immediately committed other mur
ders and lesser crimes he believed that these crimes
were actually committed by a great criminal seen in
his imagination and called by him ''society." There
upon he sought to destroy society. The disease caused
him to believe that came existed only because the
law denned and punished it, and therefore crime could
be abolished by the simple "process of striking down
the law. * , .
He roused the fear of his neighbors and the appre
hension of the whole country, and the people of his
State were compelled twice to isolate him.' 1 :
But in him the disease seems to have run itg course,
and the first sign of his convalescence was his active
support of the Republican candidate for Mayor of
Chicago.
. In Mr. Bryan the disease, was equally acute, with
the sarnie symptoms "as Altgeld's, reinforced by others
that were probably due to his environment. His head
swelled terribly. He vas abnormally loquacious, and
t-lked incessantly. . Among his hallucinations he
thought that' he was Thomas Jefferson, and again that
he was Abraham Lincoln. He was very restless and
traveled all over the country, spreading the disease
by shaking hands, as the ifch used to be propagated
in that far-off period when it was called "the prairie
digs." .' .
Another peculiarity ci the disease In" ;Mr. Bryan
was that it made him avaricious. He 'raved without
ceasing, and the infection made other victims of the
trauble believe that he spoke as a prophet, seer and
revelator, and he made, them pay for listening, and
then they went away.tnd pawed dust on themselves
and bellowed, like cattle. Believing .that he was like
primitive, man in the fable of Plato, combining both
genders in. himself, he would be seized with an active
fit in what he believed to be his female side, and would
insist upon talking to audiences, composed of women
only. This spread the disease to some extent among
their sex, in'which it was attended by violent hysteria
and an .effort to wear trousers and short hair.'
It is feared that the trouble has permanently af
fected Mr. Bryan, having ' passed into the. tertiary
stage. In that. stage he is now 'found denying that
there is anybody in the world but himself. When his
attention is called sharply to any public man in the
country he immediately challenges him to co^ne for
ward and submit proofs of his existence. ._
His neighbors maintained .such a rigid quarantine
against hini in i8o6 and 1900 that the disease has dis
appeared from Nebraska. It is believed — and indeed
hoped — in Lincoln that Mr. Bryan may remain to be
come a permanent asset of the town, that he may at
tract political pathologists who desire to make a study
of morbid morality. By adding a few pickle jars of
morbid anatomy, double-headed rats and five-legge<l
calves, tumors and another jawbone of an ass to Mr.
Bryan it- is believed that the capital of Nebraska may
have a museum of abnormal products that will draw
visitors. . .
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON'S WORLD
OF LETTERS
A few years ago the sales of Lenten de
votional literature were very extensive
and formed an item to be reckoned with
at this time of the year, but during the
present season the demand has been quite
insignificant. Several memoirs of the late
Queen Victoria, which publishers fondly
anticipated would bring good returns, are
having rather a limited sale, but that can
not be said for the Harmsworth publica
tion, In parts, which is written by the
Duke of Argyll and which is selling by tho
thousands. -.
Miss Julia M. Crottie's recently pub
lished story, 'The Lost Land, an Irish
Tale," seems one of. those which are
taking well with readers. The story of
the publication, as told by Justin Mc-
Carthy, Is one of the most remarkable
stories of perseverance under most de
pressing : and discouraging circumstances
ever heard. . .-,.¦
Mr. McCarthy says this novel has a
curious history of its own. "When it was
written It was shown to a lady friend of
Miss Crottie. who took it away with her.
read it, and without consent of the au
thoress sent it for Inspection to a London
publisher. The manuscript was lost and
no trace of it could be discovered, so Miss
Crottie went to work again and rewrote
the whole book. *
The new manuscript was then sent to tno
editor of aS London magazine. The sec
ond manuscript was also lost and has
never been recovered. Miss Crottie on
this second failure felt for a time some
thing very like despair. She bore up.
however, went to work again and wrote
out the book a third time, her persever
ance now being rewarded by success and
the appreciation of more than the average
number of readers of a story.
Curious, too, how another successful
novel of the present season came very
near to never seeing the light of the
world. That is Mrs. A. F. Slade's first
novel, "A Wayside Weed." As a matter
of fact the novel was written as far back
as seven years ago, but she thought It
would be hopeless to attempt to find a
publisher for such a purely domestic
story in these, days of feverish lltera-
Th'en a friend came to the rescue of
Mrs. Slade's story, but she was not so un
fortunate as Miss Crottie, for tho friend
took it to Messrs. Hutchinson. who, not to
lose It, immediately accepted It for pub
lication. ._
Of course, when a new writer make*
anything of a success everybody wants to
know something about him or her. Belnjf
asked for something- Interesting concern-
Ing herself, Mrs. Slade replied to the
bookman: "I'm simply a busy mother of
a family, -an ordinary all round sort of
person, as genuinely Interested in serving
up a good dinner as in . trying a. bit of
new music, singing a new son? or read
ing any one of the new books which ap-»
peal to my old fashioned taste. I am pain
fully shy, and my dread of a s.tranger is
something you never expect any one out
side a prison to understand."
Who is Charles Marriott, the author of
that other successful new novel, "The
Column," which Is | being widely read
now? Well, it turns out that he holds the
position of dispenser and photographer to
an asylum near Liverpool. He was born
at Bristol in .1869, but his earliest recol
lections are of Moor End, where his
father, who was a brewer, removed from
Bristol when he was about two years
old.
Frederick Macmillan, while congratu
lating the Publishers' Association the
other day on the success of its scheme for
the net purchase of books, showed an In
teresting memento of the abortive at
tempt made about half a century ago to
put a similar agreement in force. .
The memento Is a book of autograph
letters, all condemning the plan for keep-
Ing up prices. The letters were In reply
to a circular sent out by a well known
Strand editor of his time asking certain
eminent authors if he considered the in
tention to sell at a low rate of profit a
good and sufficient reason why the pub
lisher should refuse to sell books which
the retailer was ready to purchase and
keep in stock at his own risk.
Dickens' reply was brief and emphatic:
"No; certainly not." Carlyle wrote: "My
answer Is — tor my own interests and those
of the world as far as I can see them, de
cidedly no; it is not a sufficient reason."
Darwin's opinion was: "I beg strongly
to express my opinion that both for the
advantage of the authors and publishers
booksellers, like other dealers, ought to
settle each for himself the retail price."
Charles KIngsley, in the course of a letter
of great length, wrote: "No intention of
the bookseller to sell at a low price ought
to be any reason why the publisher should
not supply him, but rather the very best
reason why he should soon do so."
Such men at Leigh Hunt, John Stuart
Mill and Herbert Spencer were all of tho
same opinion.
Booksellers In all parts of the country
now report "that there has been no diffi
culty in obtaining the net prices of books
and that satisfactory results of the net
book system have already made them
selves evident In the balance sheets of
most retail booksellers.
The Russian colony about which there
was a rumor some time ago for printing
Count Tolstoi's work in England has now
taken shape. It has been established at
Tucktoh House, near Bournemouth. Vla
dimir Tchertkoft is the founder of tho
little colony, which at present numbers
about twelve persons, consisting of Douk
hobors of the Caucasus, large numbers of
whom three yours ago had to undergo
something very like persecution.
Tchertkoff is one of the three signer*
of the appeal to the Czar in August, 1896.
and was given the choice of banishment
to a Baltic town or complete exile from
Russia. Ha chose the latter.
A country residence and soma adjoining
cottages constitute the printing and pub
lishing departments of Tolstoi books and
pamphlets, which are being: printed both
In Russian and English.
tense sorrow. Evidently serious; times are coming,
which will try our mettle. I know that'the armyi.is
true to its traditions and to the solemn, oath it has
taken. I jenow itfwiir remain' steadfast and faithfulto
me. 'My conviction is especially strong regarding the
Guards and regarding this regiment** *now
which is tied to the . Hchenzollerns by indissoluble
bonds, as the past has shown during the troublous
times abroad and even during revolutionary times, at
home. ¦ The authority of the > crown must be main
tained at all hazards. Woe to the soldier who listens
to the voice of the tempter!"
. Speeches of that kind must be highly incensing to
a self-respecting people.- The Kaiser has no justifica
tion whatever for throwing upon the people of Berlin
the blame^for the attack made upon him by a lunatic.
It will be remembered that when the late King Hum
bert of Italy was once fired at by a would-be assassin,
the King laughed and said: "Such things are the
accidents of my trade."- Kaiser William should,- of
course, take every precaution against assault, for a
man must guard against the accidents of his trade; but
he should, not' sulk over an-attack and take it as an
evidence that "serious times are coming," and that the
people are about to rise against him. -The Kaiser, in
fact,' is too serious. -If he'could cultivate alittle more
genial humor he would not have to go off to the bar
racks^ and make, secret speeches to the guards instead
of meeting all his. people and talking to them like a
true leader, j ',' -".¦.-. -=¦-;/•¦.¦..- ; .'' . - '.
TAVERN DAYS," 'ETC.
By -A.lioe Morse Estrle,
AUTHOR OF "COLONIAL, DATS IN^ OL> D 'NEW, YORK," "STAGE COACH AND
Prepared by Experts and, Specialists for
v N The; San Francisco Gall
How Americans of : Early Days Learned to
- . Put Out Their Fires With, Machines
of Marvelous Make.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 1901.
The First Fire Engine "Used in Brooklyn.
: Coronado Beach, California," will open the 1901
summer season 1 June L*' ,"WrIte for, a descriptive
"Coronado B#ich Tent , City. .
CAI/IPOBNIANS IN WASHHTGTON
. WASHINGTON, April 11.— The following
Calif ornians are in-' "Washington : - National
-^C. p. Downing of San Francisco; Metro
politan -fVV.' : J.> Holleday;' Los Angeles;
RaleighT-MIss'Bauch, -I/OS Angeles. • - '
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
'YORK. April li-The ' following
Calif ornians are In New York: From San
Francisco-J. W. Farrington, at the West
minister; J. F. Harcourt and wife, at the
Herald Sauare: J. Hyman and wife, it
the Savoy; J. V. Kimball, at the-Astor-
Mrs. P. H. Porter/ at the Kensington ;l/
Van.Rosenberff, at the Manhattan; tho
Misses "English and. Mrs. S. B. English
at-the St.: Denis; J.. s. Martini, at the
Holland; F. C. Morgan and wife, at the
Gllsey. From Pasadena, A. Hare, at the
Park Avenue, . ,
" *¦ --— *
By the time that Phcian gets through monkeying
vith the Senatorial buz7saw he may have reason tc
coi dude that afterali city politics was not: his worst
failure. . * . ,
Ever since a Dem>.>cratic gold. bag was elected
Mayor in St. Louis the old-timers who left, the party
when Bryan took control have been chattering abou:
reorganizing the party; but just wait until the Demo
cratic mule gets a chai'cc to make a good kick, and
then. the chatterers will wish they had not fooled with
the animaL
Editor Harnisworth. after spending about - three
ironths in the Eastern States, has returned to hU
home inT-ondon, but not until he had told a reporter
thai in his judgment /'Americans are too slow." Mr.
Harms-worth, it will be remembered., aspires to be
original.
6
Some children like it too
well;, begin with a little. A
half- or 'quarter-teaspoonful is
enough at first, if the stomach
is weak; but increase", as you
find the stomach will bear.
¦The effect is: the little one
takes on strength; gets hungry;
eats and'is happy; gets fat— he
ought to be. fat— and gets
healthy. * '
We'll send yon a little to try If you KVe.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl street. Ntw York.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
Call unbacrf ber« contemplating s. change of
reildeaee dorinsr the summer months can h(iv«
tn«*lr paper forwarded by mall to their neir
addressea by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by av local agent la
•-11 towns on tbe coast.
AUCTION SALES.
By Occidental Horse Exchanre— Monday, April 15, Horses,
at 721 Howard street.
Dy G. H. Umbsen— Thursday, April IS, at U o'clock. Busi-
ness Property, a.t 14 Montgomery street.
AHTTSEUENTS.
Tlvoli— 'The Idol's Bye." ¦ •
Orrheum— Vaudeville. -¦ • v ; •
Alc&zw— "Tennessee's Parflner."
Grand Opera-house — "Cinderella." ....
Columbia — "More Than Queen."
Callfornja— "The County Fair." Sunday night.
Central— "Insromar."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutee, Zoo and Theater^ — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion- Art Exhibition.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture Sunday afternoon.
Tanforan Park — Races.
ADVEBTISKMKNTS.
THIN CHILD
If a child is thin, let him
take a little of Scott's emulsion
of cod^iver oil.DISCHARGING THE LIVING CAR
GO OP THE DISABLED HORSE
TRANSPORT ARAB.
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, APRIL 13.
Chief .Sullivan has Issued instructions
that the 8 o'clock ordinance must be en
forced and as a result seven boys who
were arrested on'.Van Ness avenue after
8 o'clock Wednesday night appeared be
fore Judge Cabaniss yesterday, after
spending the nlj?ht In the City Prison. The
Judge allowed them to go -home.- -
Eight O'clock Ordinance.
ROTTERDAM— Arrlved-April 11— Stmr Maas
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
Sailed April U— Stmr Statendam. for Bou
logrn« and New York. : ' • ¦_
BOULOGNE — Arrived April 11 — Stmr Maas
dam, from New York/ for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 11— Stmr Queen
Adelaide, for Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed April 11 — Stmr-Domin
ion, for Portland, Me ; . stmr New England, for
Boston. 1 . .<
NEW YORK— Arrived April 11— Stmr Frank
furt, from Bremen.
Sailed April 11— Stmr Rheln, for Bremen;
stmr Auguste Victoria, for Hamburg-, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg; stmr La Champagne,
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed • April 11 — Stmr
Oceanic, for New York; stmr Waesland, for
Philadelphia; both from Liverpool. ¦;
OCEAN STEAMERS.
¦ TAKU— Sailed April 10— U S, stmr Egbert,
for San Francisco. '¦•."-
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 10— Br
stmr Athenian, from taiiysmlth.
BROWHEAD— Passed April 10— Br ship Jas
Kerr,. hence Nov 29, for United Kingdom.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed March — , Ger stmr
Totmes. for Hamburs; Ger stmr Tanis. for
San Francisco.
. COLON— Sailed April 9— Stmr Allianca, . for
New > Yorli. ;
Arrived April 10— Stmr Finance, from' New
York. ,
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 8— Ger ship Gcr
trud, hence Dec 28; Fr bark Fervaal. hence
.Nov 14.
HAMBURG — Arrived April 10— Ger ship Par
chim, from Port Ludlow.
YOKOHAMA— To sail April 2— Jap stmr Toyo
Maru, for Seattle. '¦ . ¦'-...-'-.: ' ;• : . <
- PANAMA— Arrived March 31— Stmr Peru,
hence March 8. ' •
Sailed March 26— Stmr Colon, for San Fran
cisco. • - •¦ ¦ '
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 10— Br ship
Speke, hence Nov. 11, and sailed for Hull.
KINSALE— Passed April 10— Br ship Albyn,
hence Dec 22, for Queenstown. . .'„'
. PENARTH- Sailed April 10— Br ship Kinross,
for Honolulu. -. ." ¦
PORT PIRIE— Arrived April 10— Schr Expan
sion, from Port Ludlow,
HIOGO— Arrived April 11— Ship RD Rice,
from Philadelphia.
NEWCASTLE, « Aus- Arrived April 10— Ship
Elwell, from Cape Town. -
Sailed April 11— Schr H D Bendixsen, for
Honolulu. -
. ACAPULCO— Sailed. April 9— Stmr San Jose,
for San Jose de Guatemala. S . *
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed April
5 — Stmr San Bias, for ChamDerlco. .
FOREIGN PORTS,
ELEELE— Sailed March 30— Bktn Amelia, for
Puset Sound.
HANAMALULU— Sailed March 20— Schr John
G North, for Port Gamble.
HONOLULU — To sail April 4 — Ger Dark Paul
Isenberg, for Puset Sound. «.. r -i;
TO SAIL.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. . Published by official • au
thority of the Superintendent.
¦ NOTE— The ' high and : low waters occur at
the. city . front ¦ (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point ;
Sun; Moon and Tide.
KAHULUI— Sailed March 30— Schr S T Alex
ander, for : San Francisco. .;.;.
SEATTLE— Sailed-, April 10— Schr John A
Campbell, for Port Blakeley; stmr Al-Ki for
Skaguay; stmr Cottage City, for Sltka
Sailed April 10— Br stmr Teenkai, for Lon
don. . «, : '
EUREKA— Arrived April 11— Stmrs North
Fork and Alcatraz, hence ApMl 9 . •
NEAH BAY-Passed in April 11-Chll shi P
Antoinette, from Valparaiso: bktn J M Grif
fith, from Mollendo: schr Meteor, from San
Pedro.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived April 11— Schr
John A Campbell, from Honolulu: schr Faiinv
Dutard. hence March 30. - y
ASTORIA— Sailed April 11— Br ship HeleaV
'for Queenstown; schr Novelty, .for San Fran^
Cisco. .¦ •
VENTURA— Arrived April 11— Stmr W H
Kruirer, from. San Pedro. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In April 11— Bk
Levi G Burgess, hence March 30, for Tacoma
Arrived April 11— Ship C F Sargent, from
Honolulu. . . ' • "„¦¦•-. ¦¦;,-¦-
Passed In April 11— Schr Fannie Dutard
hence March 30: schr Marion. ¦ hence March 26
stmr Senator, from Skaguay. for Seattle.
Sailed April 11— Br ship Sierra Cordovla, for
Queenstown. MnHHMBgWHti
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived April ) 10— Schr
Laura, Mad«en. from Redondo; stmr Fulton,
hence April '6. • ¦ ¦ - -
Sailed April 10— Schr Esther Buhne. for San
Pedro. -
- WHATCOM— Sailed April 11— Schr. John. D
Tallant. • for Guayaquil.
TACOMA— Arrived April ¦ 10— Ship Chas E
Moody, from • Honolulu. Aoril 11 — Bark Levi
G Bureess, hence March 30. ¦ •-
Sailed . Anril 11— Bark Carrollton, for Hono
lulu; Br ship Carradale, ' for Queenstown. •
ISLAND PORTS. / . *
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. TELEGRAPHIC. ¦
POINT LOBOS. April 11, 10 ; p m— Weather
foggy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour
Per stmr Arab— 100 miles SW of Farallones
passed a bark under • close reefed tonsalls.
MEMORANDUM.
Feb 17. no lat. Ion 32 W-Br ship British
Isles, from Tacoma, for Queenstown
ApriV 5. lat 46 N, Ion 37 W— Br ship Port
Caledonia, from Tacoma, for Queenstown. • ••
SPOKEN.
Thursday, April 11.
Br stmr Arab, Wills, hence March SI, for
Manila, on account' of machinery getting dis
abled on April 4, lat 29 N, Ion 140 30 W.
RETURNED.
Thursday, April 1L-
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama and
way ports; Pacific Mail SS Co. • : .•¦
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Lakme, Odland, Vancouver and Se
attle; E T Kruse.
Bark Undaunted, r>avid«on, Bristol Bay:
(Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED. (v
Thursday, April lL
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridcett. Ventura.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Port Los Angeles
and Honolulu.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
• Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr State of California. Jepsen. Victoria.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, • Panama, etc
Stmr National City, Dettmers, '
' Schr Guide, .
Ship Tacoma, Pederson, Bristol Bay.
Schr Stanley, Schmalz, codfishing.
CLEARED.
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, 2% days from
Coquille River. .
Schr Albion, Larsen, 2^ days from Coquille
River.
Thursday, . April 1L
Stmr Point Arena, Hanaen, 14 hours from
Mendpcino.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka-
Stmr Ruth, Hlgg-ins.' 102 hours from Ta?
coma, via Seattle 96 hours.
Stmr Samoa, Gunderson, 101 hours from San
Pedro, via Santa Cruz 16 hours, with schr Boy
Somers In tow.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 3% days from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 42 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
StmrArgo, Hughes, 46 hours from Coquille
River. ¦ ¦
Stmr Alcazar, Martin. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 25 hours from Eu
reka. ¦. - - ¦
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 16 hours from Blh
lerg Point.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 101- hours from
San Pedro, via Santa Cruz 16 hours.
Shipping: Intelligence.
NOTE— In the above exposition of , the tides
the early morning tides are given in. the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide*
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, .San Francisco, Cal..
April 11, J901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building- was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. «., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at. 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. -
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Merchandise for British Columbia. *
The steamer Bute of California Balled yes-
The steamer City of Sydney sailed • yester
day Tor Panama and way ports with merchan
dise for Mexico valued at S5420; Central Amer
ica, $34,C73; Panama. $3047: making a total of
:<2.546. The cargo included the following:
For Mexico— 4 cs apolllnaris water, 55 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 11 crs furniture, 100
flasks quicksilver. £40 gais wine, 41 cs whisky.
For Ontral America — 10 cs arms and am
munition, 24 cs acid, 30 ca beer, 1L905 lbs beans,
229 cs coal oil. 12 bbls oement. 31 cs dry roods,
4421 bbls flour, 243 pkg* groceries and pro
visions, 30 bales hay, 8062 ft lumber. 82 crs
onion*. 26 cs oil, 2347 lbs oats, 14 bales paper.
f>4 crs potatoes, 60 kegs powder, 14 cs paint.
10 pkgs paste, 100 flasks quicksilver, 7 pkgs
raisins, 43,403 lbs rice, 2015 lbs tea, 23.607 lbs
tailor 27 cs 3163 gals wine, 30 reels wire.
For Panama— 4344 lbs beans, 20 cs salmon. 70
crs potatoes, 3000 gals wine, 20 pkgrs groceries
end provisions. 378 bbls flour.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Watsr Front Notes.
The steamship Zealandia sailed for Port
Los Angeles yesterday morning. Pilot F.
VY. Jordan took her out,' so he lost no tln-.e
In getting to work after Ms reinstatement.
The Zealandia takes Porto Ricans to Ha
waii.
The firemen on the steam schooner Noyo
went on strike Wednesday. They wanted
the hours changed from six hours on and
six hours off to four hours on and eight
hours off. The matter was compromised
and they went back to work.
Reinsurance on the John McDonald went
to 80 per cent and on the Axdnamurchan
to GO per cent yesterday.
St. Paul Arrives From Panama.
The Panama Railroad Company's St.
Paul arrived from tha isthmus yesterday.
She brings 2000 tons of Xew York freight
and the following passengers: Henrv
Brock. Paul O. Brock. John E. Lindsay
Henry Trail. Otis M. Cane. Arthur S. p».'
ters, Henry Menchen, Bernard Campion
and Mauro de Pndua.
Captain Jertnim in Trouble.
Captain Johannes Jertrum, master of
the German ship Marco Polo, was arrested
yesterday by Deputy T.'nited States Mar-
Fhal Burnham on a complaint sworn to by
Tnlted States Immierrtion Commissioner
North charging the captain with leaving
here illegally Errst Dau. one of the crew
afflicted with a contac ous disease. H's
examination will Lake place before United
States Commissioner Ileacock at 10 a, in*
io-<3ay.
The Arab was passed by the local in
spectors ' at Seattle, and when she grot
here Captain Wills refused a second ex
amination, as his vessel had been accept
ed as ready for sea on March 11 by the
United States representatives. The Pak
Ling grot away on March 22, and Is now
well on her way to Manila, while the
Arab, which sailed nine days later, is
back in port again, with her load.
The Arab got away early on Sunday,
March 2L All went well for the first few
days, and then the boilers began to leak.
Patches that had been put on at Seattle
would not stand the pressure and the en
gineers could not tinker them up. Then
one or two of the furnaces fell, and the
water leaking out of the boilers began
drowning out the fires. Engineers, fire
men and coalpassers vainly worked like
beavers to repair the damage. On Friday,
the 5th inst., the steamship was within 830
miles of Honolulu and hopes were enter
tained of making that port. But some
thing else went wrong- in the engine room
and the chief engineer reported to Cap
tain Wills that it was Impossible to pro
ceed. The Arab was accordingly put
about" and headed for San Francisco un
der all the steam that could be got on the
pc.liere. Soon after she came to -an an
chor the officers of the transport service
began an investigation, and the inspectors
•who passed the vessel as "ready for sea"
are likely to hear more about the matter.
The Arab was not allowed to lie long in
the stream. About noon she was brought
alongside Harrison-street wharf and at
2 p. m. all the animals were landed and
taken to the Presidio. Monday 540 of them
will be put aboard th« Thyra to make an
other Ftart for the Philippines. The re
mainder of the horses will be sent away
on the Samoa. It will probably take two
months to get the Arab ready for sea
again.
THE chartered army transport
Arab, which left here March 31
for Manila \rith 657 horses, came
back to port in distress yester
day. When six days out some of
the furnaces fell and the boilers around
the others began to leak, putting out the
Jires and compelling- Captain Wills to re
turn for repairs. The Arab and Pak LAns
are British tramps. Both were chartered
in Seattle. When the Pak Ling came here
the captain refused to have her inspected
by the United States Local Inspectors of
Steam Vessels. Colonel Long, however,
refused to accept the steamer without the
necessary paper3 and the captain had to
pive in. The inspection showed that
nearly all the furnaces of the Pali Ling
were down, and it took about six weeks
to repair her. It cost over $6000 to get her
ready for sea.
Steamer Movements*
Notice Is hereby given that the south end
of reef bucy No. L a black, first-class can,
is reported, April 6, 1901, as having gone adrift
fi£m Its position and being at that time close
tcr the couth side of the bar. It I will be re
placed in its position, about a quarter of a
mile S. by W. from the end of the reef, as
early as practicable.
This notice affects ihe "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1301," page 45.
By order of the Lightnouse Board.
W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
YAQUINA. BAY, OREGON.
WILLAPA BAT, WASHINGTON".-'
Notice is hereby given that the north end
cf Sand Island buoy. No. 4, a red, first-class
nun, is reported, April 8, 1901, as having gone
adrift from Its position close to the west side
of the {-pit. It jvlll «x- replaced on Its station
as early as practicable.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, ¦ Pacific Coast, 1S01," page 65. -~: .."
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
In addition to cargo previously reported the,
steamer Arequipa, which sailed Wednesday,
carried the following merchandise:
For Central America—40. cs coal oil, 20 crs
potatoes, 15 cs tar, 6 cs eoap. 27S8 lbs rice,
3076 ft lumber, 12 bdls pipe, 10 cs salmon, 16S
bdls iron; value, $3016.
For Mexico —114 pkgs groceries and provisions,
60 bdls shook?, 109 gals wine, 1390 lbs mlll
stuffs, 30 flasks quicksilver, 2342 ft lumber, 10
pkgs vegetables, 730 pkgs Iron and steel, 12
bdls shingles, 354 pkgs hardware, 58 pkgs lead,
200 tons ccal. 5 cs dry goods, 20 cs acid, 10 cs
tar; value, $10.834.
Notice to Mariners.
An Additional Manifest.
terday for Victoria with a cargo valued at
$27,884, Including the following: 31 cs arms
and ammunition, 13 Iibls asphalt, 1500 lbs beans,
366 pkgs 11.560 lt>s butter. 572S It>s bluestone,
6C00 It>s coflce, 1)5 cs canned poods, 500 II>s
chocolate, 36 crs cabbage, 45 cs drugs, 14,793
lbs dried fruit, 5 cs dry goods, 2SG pkgs fruit,
41 pkgs groceries and provisions, 125 grind
stones, ICO bdls Iron, 1711 pigs lead, 920 Ib3
mlllstufTs, 85 pkgs machinery, 102,760 lbs malt,
125 tins matches, 60 pkss paste. 212 crs potatoes,
2 flask.? quicksilver, 121 pkgs raisins, 30,000 lbs
rait, IS bdls snooks. ti'H lbs tobacco, 11 cs table
oil. 909 pigs tin. 313 pkg? vegetables, 19 cs 606
gals -wine, 2500 lbs zinc.
The steamer Lakms cleared yesterday for
Victoria with 934,542 lbs sugar In transit valued
at IS6C0.
CHARTERED ARHY TRANSPORT
ARAB RETURNS IN DISTRESS
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ APRIL 13, 1901;
Sun rises ¦...-. 5:39
Sun sets 6:42
Moon rises 1:16 a. m.
7
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I
Due.
City of Para — Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Grace Dollar. .. Grays Harbor Apr. 12
Llmari Valparaiso & Way Pts Apr. 12
Wellington Oyster Harbor Apr. 12
Nome City... San Pedro Apr. 12
Mandalay....... Coqullle River Apr. 12
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Apr. 12
Was=htenaw.... Tacoma Apr. 12
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Apr. 12
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Apr. 12
Kmplre.. Coos Bay ; Apr. 13
San Pedro Humboldt Apr. 13
Telltfs Oyster Harbor ........ Apr. 14
Honita.. Newport ;.' Apr. 14
Crescent City. . Crescent City Apr. 14
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 14
Arcata Coos Bay' Apr. 14
Fulton Grays Harbor Apr. 14
Queen San Dl«go Apr. 14
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 15
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 15
Mackinaw .Seattle Apr. 15
Kvarven Nanalmo Apr. 13
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 16
Doric China and Japan Apr. 16
Corona INewport " Apr. 17
X'matilla. Punet Sound Ports Apr. 17
Hyades Oyster Harbor Apr. 17
Acme Tillamook Bay Apr. IS
Santa Rosa ISan Diego Apr. 18
Point Arena (Point Arena ....|Apr. 18
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
April 12.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance pud & Coos Bay. 9 am Pier 27
\V. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Pentaur Hamburg &-Way.. — pm Pier 27
April 13.
A** 0 Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ? pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. p o i nt Arena 2 pm Pier 2
April 14.
Santa Rosa... San Diefro 9 am Pier 11
April 15.
Grace Dollar. Grays -Harbor ..... 12 m Pier 2
April 1G.
Empire . Cooc Bay .......... 12 . m Pier 13
Eureka Kumboldt 9 am Pier 18
Nome City.... Seattle direct . 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay ..12 m Pier IS
Walla Walla. Pu&ct Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport ; 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay..... Coqullle River- pier 2
-April 17.
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PUSS
Llmarl Valparaiso & Way.|12 m S.W. 2
Ventura Sydney & Way Pte 9 pm Pier 7.
Queen San Diego . 9 am Pier 11
April 18.
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle .....: pier — <
City of Para.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMS8
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Acme. '-¦ Tillamook Bay. j Pier' 2
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W L W
12 .„ 4:50 4.7 11:52 0.6 7:07 4.8 ...... ~~
L W II W L W H W
13... 0:30 2.6 6:10 4.7 12:48 OJj 7:49 6.0
14 ... ' 1:28 2.1 7:25 4.8 1:43 o!t S:30 5.3
15 ..4 2:23 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9 9:10 5.5
16 ... 3:12 0.8 9:35 5.1 3:20 1.1 9:45 6.8
17 ... 3:59 0.2 10:34 5.3 4:03 1.2 10:25 6.1
18... 4:44—0.3 11:30 5.S 4:43 1.6 11:01 6.3
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
April 12.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance pud & Coos Bay. 9 am Pier 27
\V. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Pentaur Hamburg &-Way.. — pm Pier 27
April 13.
A** 0 Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ? pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. p o i nt Arena 2 pm Pier 2
April 14.
Santa Rosa... San Diefro 9 am Pier 11
April 15.
Grace Dollar. Grays -Harbor ..... 12 m Pier 2
April 1G.
Empire . Cooc Bay .......... 12 . m Pier 13
Eureka Kumboldt 9 am Pier 18
Nome City.... Seattle direct . 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay ..12 m Pier IS
Walla Walla. Pu&ct Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport ; 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay..... Coqullle River- pier 2
-April 17.
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PUSS
Llmarl Valparaiso & Way.|12 m S.W. 2
Ventura Sydney & Way Pte 9 pm Pier 7.
Queen San Diego . 9 am Pier 11
April 18.
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle .....: pier — <
City of Para.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMS8
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Acme. '-¦ Tillamook Bay. j Pier' 2
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I
Due.
City of Para — Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Grace Dollar. .. Grays Harbor Apr. 12
Llmari Valparaiso & Way Pts Apr. 12
Wellington Oyster Harbor Apr. 12
Nome City... San Pedro Apr. 12
Mandalay....... Coqullle River Apr. 12
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Apr. 12
Was=htenaw.... Tacoma Apr. 12
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Apr. 12
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Apr. 12
Kmplre.. Coos Bay ; Apr. 13
San Pedro Humboldt Apr. 13
Telltfs Oyster Harbor ........ Apr. 14
Honita.. Newport ;.' Apr. 14
Crescent City. . Crescent City Apr. 14
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 14
Arcata Coos Bay' Apr. 14
Fulton Grays Harbor Apr. 14
Queen San Dl«go Apr. 14
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 15
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 15
Mackinaw .Seattle Apr. 15
Kvarven Nanalmo Apr. 13
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 16
Doric China and Japan Apr. 16
Corona INewport " Apr. 17
X'matilla. Punet Sound Ports Apr. 17
Hyades Oyster Harbor Apr. 17
Acme Tillamook Bay Apr. IS
Santa Rosa ISan Diego Apr. 18
Point Arena (Point Arena ....|Apr. 18
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W L W
12 .„ 4:50 4.7 11:52 0.6 7:07 4.8 ...... ~~
L W II W L W H W
13... 0:30 2.6 6:10 4.7 12:48 OJj 7:49 6.0
14 ... ' 1:28 2.1 7:25 4.8 1:43 o!t S:30 5.3
15 ..4 2:23 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9 9:10 5.5
16 ... 3:12 0.8 9:35 5.1 3:20 1.1 9:45 6.8
17 ... 3:59 0.2 10:34 5.3 4:03 1.2 10:25 6.1
18... 4:44—0.3 11:30 5.S 4:43 1.6 11:01 6.3
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ . . Steamers leave Broadway
,». wharf, San Francisco:
l^SKi^- F° r Alaakan Ports— 11 a. m.,
HSi&Mk. April 11. 16. 21. 26. May 1.
Change to company's steam-
|g ME«W era at Seattle.
SSVafiS For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
m^SSfgal c -)> Port Townsend, Seattle.
' t^^B^KK Tacoma, Everett, Anacortfii
and New AVhatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. April 11. 16. 21, 23,
May 1, and every fifth day thereafter.
Changre at Seattle for this company's steanv-n
for Alaska and G. If. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
¦ coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
; For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April
13. 18. 23. 28, May 3. and every fifth day there-
after.
For San T>le g(\ stopplnc only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;-
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucou. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, -Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angreles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nita, .Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Ouaymu (Mm.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further * information obtata company* a
folders.
The company reserves the right to chan?»
steamers, galling dates and hours of sailing
wlthont nrevloiia notice. /
TICKETOFFICE — « New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKIN'S & CO., Gen. Airts..
. " 10 Market at., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail ir steamshiD and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
PS. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. 8. IS. 28. May *
E. C. WAJtO. General Agent.
1 Montgomery St.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOaK. SOUTH &MPT02*. tOSDOIf. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St. Louis April 24 St. Louis May IS
New York May llNew York May »
St. Paul May 8St. Paul .....May 23
RED STAR. LINE.
New York and Antwerp. "
From New York Everr ¦Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington April 24 JSouthwark May IS
Zeeland May llVaderland May 22
Frlesland .May 8'Kensinston May 23
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. I>. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery sC
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc Nc cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. May S. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday, May 29. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
121 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. A VERY, General Agent.
oeeaBics.s.eo.=si
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
• Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. April 17, 9 p. m
SS. AUSTRALIA. . for Tahiti
......". :. Monday. April 22, 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only).
.'....Saturday. April 27. 2 p. m.
I D.S?RECKELS h BBOS. CO., Gsseral Agents, 327 Varbt St
San'! Passenger CSIo, 143 X?rtet St, Pier Ha. 7. Pacific St
.mkMiitsr".
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. ?I05; Steerage, 340.
S. 8. Lcclattaw sails Saturday, April 2f>
S. S. Argyll i sails Monday, May 6
S. 8; ¦ ¦— sails Monday, May 2O
•• . From Harrl*on-st. Wharf, 2 p. ra.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market it.
F. .F. COXX OR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0KPA6NIB eilfZBALS TBAN3ATLA5TIQU2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <Rii2?5»
Saturday, at 10 a.-m.. from Pier 42. -WeM**
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre. %*S and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI St CO.. Pacific CoAtt Agents. S Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
.", BAT AJTD BITTER STT^/MVrTTRS.
fobTs. navy ii^Wmm.,
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON., TUES., WED., THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m.. 1:15, 3:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night): Fridays, 1p.m. and 8:30 Sundays,
10:30 a. m., S p. ra. Landing and office, M!*-
i-lon-«t. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1503.
l!i!lil TfiAd 11 VaI?I Malt Br?afcfa^ Food combines
lidVC I UU 1 11CU II 1 yli the health-giving properties of pure
The purest, mOStdelicious, malt ith the vir-
V 7/7 x 7 Wm^ . 7, l7 tues of the choicest wheat.
nealtnfuL^nutri^
satisfactory [Cereal ever -put on Prof - w. Mattieu AVilliams, of
the mWrket. London, the greatest living scientist
¦ , W-. f t in the chemistry of foods, in <4 The
Thousands of persons who have \ . ' . ; '
eaten Malt Breakfast Food for the Chemistry °* Cookery," says:
first time this season, perhaps at the • l^li^^fe,
the scores of the highest class t
houses now serving it, pronounce it and one which I strongly recom-
the most delicious cereal they have mend asrnost valuable for invalids
ever used; as well as for strong people."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are you real certain your liver is in
good working condition ? If it isn't
you know it,- the symptoms are too
positive to allow you to be deceived.
That coated tongue, yellow skin,
headache, etc., can be relieved, by
A GREAT EASTER BILL!
PREVOST AND PREVOST, HAL STEPHENS
AND CO., JOSEPHINE GASSMAN AND
HER PICKANINNIES, GEORaB H. WOOD.
FULLER. MOLLER AND BURKE. HAMIL-
TON HILL. THE GIRL OF QUALITY. THE
¦ GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. TSCIIER-
NOFF*S MARVELOUS DOG CIRCUS.
Reserved Seats, 23c: Balcony, lOc: Opera Chain
. - ' and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
. Kvenlnps at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
IT SPARKLES WITH MIRTH AND MUSIC.
The Most FaAous of Comic Operas,
THF
' "HOOT WON." "
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
. HARTMAN as ABEL CONN.
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON." .
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 60e
, Telephone — Bush 9.
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE
California Club,
an exhibition
-OF THE^
Industrial and Allied Arts
IS NOW IN PROGRESS •
IN THE ART GALLERY
OF
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
v'V^ ..' TO CLOSE ON
SATURDAY EVE.. April 20.
Vi'vt/ Ouen Afternoons and Evenlncs.
Admission, 25c. Season Tickets, Jl 50. Chil-
dren, 10c.
RACES^S"
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
WEEK APRIL S to 13.
SIX 'HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
Wednesday, hurdle race; Thursday, handicap,
3- year-olds and over, ttOO added: Saturday —
BIG DAY— Steeplechase and Colts'. Trial
Stakes, J2S0O added. . - . •
NEXT WEEK.. '....SEVERAL BIG EVENTS!
First Race Daily at 2:10 P. M. :
Trains from Third and Townsend SU.— 7,' 9:30.
11:30 n.-m.; 12:40. 1. 1:30, 2 p. m.
Returning leaves track 4:15 and thereafter at
short intervals. Rear cars reserved for ladles
and escorts. y .,
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE). JJ 23.
¦ MILTON. S. LATHAM. Secretary.
• E. J. POWER, Racing Secretary.
ANI^ZOO
* BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LEAH MAY, the Giantess. ¦ ,
• TO-MORROW NIGHT.
CAKEWALK and Gans-iUcGovcrn
Fight Pictupcs. -
- Telephone for Seats^-Parlt 23.
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGELES ys. SAN FBANClSCa
To day and To-morrow, "Ladies' Days"
;- : 'at /3iis. ¦>
RECREATION PARK,
„;..-. Eighth ; and * Harrison . streets. V
| ". '.' - OCEAN ;" TBAVEL *
FACiFiCrSfEAMlNAYlGATION CO.
And CIA 6UD AMERICANA PE .VAPORB'S
: To Valparaiso', stopping at Mexican, " Central
and ' South American . ports." Sailing Section 2,
Seawall, 12. m. -ffjfj m****B—*mipM/mH&m
LIM ARI . . "• .... .Apr. 17[ GUATEMALA .May IS
PERU- ........-¦-.May J^PALENA ..May 30
¦\ These steamers : are built expressly : for Cen-
tral . and \ South : American > passenger ¦ service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama, ) > Freight I
and ¦ passenger office. S16 California street. I
BALFOUR, ! GUTHRIB & CO.. '.--Agents. *
¦¦^WlBriiPW lil liTB ill M i'l I 1 " Wll ¦sllli|IHils«S^lBMll»PlsfciM»Hi Mum i Ifcssii i HlWt 1 !
fym0BA
f* fl 3 1 1 M il S A SAN FRANCISCO'S
4#ULUmPiH LEADING THEATRE
; EVERT NIGHT— MATINEE ¦ SATURDAY.
Seats can now be secured for the remaining: 12
performances. :
Blanche Walsh,
America's Distinguished Emotional Actress.
IN THE IMPERIAL SPECTACLE,* :
More Than Queen.
: Its equal In splendor has never been seen here.
B£MSCO*»°TNAIVS Jfcfftg.
TO-NIGHT & SATURDAY & SUNDAY EVO.
Matinees TO-MORROW. Saturday and Sunday.
.Engagement of America's Tragedian,
ROBERT DOWNING
Superb production of the beautiful play, •
"INCOMAFt."
PDlrEC EVENINGS.... 10c, 15c, 33c, 50c
I III \) £J MATINEES;^. .10c, 15c. 25q
HEXT WBEK-LiST WZEK of HOBEET DOWNING
: ' JTJXjIXJS O-<3B3S A.K,. »
Presented on a Scale of Extraordinary. Magr-
i nlflcence. ; Appearance ' of Mason Mitchell and
Strong Caat. . • - ¦ ' , • -.-''¦ •.-_-
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES ' TO-MORHOW AND SUNDAY.
La st NlKhts of Our Easter ; Spectacle,
NEW COMPANY. NETV FEATURES.
Mortsco's Shetland Ponies and. Their Babies.
I Magnificent Scenery,- Cc«tumes and Effects.
100-PEOPLE— 100. I •
¦:'."•¦ Ponies on View In Lobby -of Theater.
Prices — 10c, 15c, 25c,' 60c. A Few. Seats. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat, Saturday and . Sunday
. • ¦ Matinees, 25 cents. ¦-¦« ,
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE EMPORIUM.
Next Week— Florence Stone and John Web-
ster's Jr. in an elaborate revival of "EAST
LYNNE." - .
oJk^? W EATR
LAST 3 NIGHTS.
MATINEES' TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
1 LllllLJJLI/ J From
PARDNER^ »
BEST PLAY OF THE SEASON.
Next Week, "OH S05ANNAH."
THE -BIG EVENT. r
'. THIS SUNDAY EVE..
ONE* WEEK-MAT. SATURDAY.
D/ElLj BURCSESS,
• (HIMSELF) AS
ADinAII PRIIF'- 1 * HIS GREAT BIG
AulUftlu I nUC PRODUCTION OF
THE COUNTY HA IR
THE MOST^ ELABORATE PRODUCTION >
' EVER GIVEN ¦ THE . FAMOUS PLAY.,
f\ Thoronghbred Racehorses moantei by at I many O
.1 K»yly fllftd jockeys rnaatng a dash ' S
v . ,; . at terrif e spe«d. -. **
SEATS NOW SELLING. • -.*
EVENING..... 25c, ,35c, 50c. 75c. $100.
'¦ MATINEE.. •:... .•..•....23c. 50c. 75c
Neat-Chas. H... Yale's , "THE -EVIL; EYE."
CBfistiaLtcience,
Dri A. A. Suicer, C S. B., of Riverside, Cal.,
a member of the ¦ Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of the ; First ' Church of Christ,
Scientist.' in Boston." Mass.VAwlir lecture J in
Metropolitan Temple Sunday afternoon. -April
14, : at a • o'clock. '. on • '.'Christian 3 Science -Ap-
plied."; The "admission, is free :and the public
is I cordialljr invited. - -¦ <*
TrTQrHPR'C: concert, house.
f ***V >T|* Admission lOc.
* Laura Lopez, the Orfskanys, . T. Payne." Kel-
cey Sisters, | Mabel Martin. Tom Mack, Melville
Coakley ¦- and Hinrlchs' '¦ Orchestra. : Reserved
Seats.'; 25c. Matinee Sunday. -,•..'•;'
A loo-Page Book of Stories md
Anecdotes of Abrahain . Lincoln : free . *^wfe^^.
with every 25-cent package.
ALL DRUGGISTS. /^^iiu.»*
TRY IT.
It acts promptly and effectually but
gently; without a gripe or pain.
WGRAND! HOTELS
- Visitors . to San Francisco who mako
their ' headauarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and . conveniences ; not ; to
be obtained elsewhere, v Desirable loca-
tion," courteous attacnes and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
•*PALACE'HOTEL*
ADVERTISEMENTS.Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat— ' May,- July.
Opening 5 9% "' ."5 9%
Closing ;... 6 9% ..." .5 9%
: ¦ . pakis.
Wheat— . - March. May-Aug.
Opening ........'.......: ."...' 18 80 .19 45 •¦
Closing ........:. ."...:. IS 80 19 45
Flout" — ' ; * •
Opening' ....i 23 70 24 60 :.¦/¦:
Closing .........: 23 70 24 60
LIVERPOOL.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries,- 15®20%c;
dairies, ll@18c. . Cheese, .firm; ll@12V»c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 12c. _ ; ., . ,
Articles— » Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .......27.000 ». '30,000
Wheat. . bushels ........ .....M35.000 '.: 197,000
Corn, bushels ..'......-........".142,000 .'46,000
Oats bushels .............207,000 ,' .222,000
Rye. -bushels ... J 4,000' 15,000
Barley, bushels '.14,000 21,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. -2 red wheat, 70%®73c; No. 2 corn, 43%c;
No "2 yellow, 43%c; No. 2 oats; 27c; No. 3 white,
27»;@29c; No. 2 rye. 53®53%c;-good feeding bar
ley 46c; fair to choice malting, , Sl@68c; prime
timothy seed, $4 10;- mess pork, per bbl, $14 35
@14 40; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 32%@8 35; short ribs
eides (loose). $8 10®8 30; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 6%@6T4c; > short clear > sides (boxed).
$8 37%®8 50; whisky, bash of high . wines, ' $1 27;
clover, contract crade, $10 75. .
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close."
Wheat No. 2— • ,
May 70% 71% 69% 71%
July •••;••••„• 70% 71T4 70% 71%
April 0 .. .°.'..~ ..... v ••: 43U
May 43% ** . «% 43%
July 43% . 43% " 43 43%
Oats No. 2—
May :...... S4% 25UV 24% • J5%
July 24% 25% 24% 25
Mess Pork, ner bbl—
May 14 37% 14 50 14 37% 14 45
July 14 45 14 60 14 45 14 55
Lard, rer 100 lbs— ;¦."¦•
May 8 22% 8 25 8 22% 8 22%
July 8 12% 8 17% 8 12% i 15
September 8 10 8 17% 8 10 S 15
Short Ribs, ner 100 lbs—
May 8 20 8 20 8 17^ ' 8 17%
July 7 97%. 8 00-785 800
September.. .7 95 7 95 7 92% 7 95 ;
fufar rose an extreme 3U and saved more
of ite train than other stocks. The United
States Steel stocks showed a notable relapse
from their early strencth. dosing at net de
clines of a . fraction to a point.l The selling
pressure was most marked in Burllnirton and
in Northern Pacific, and it was only for a
brief rverlod that they were lift»»d at all over
last night's close. The reaction In Burlington
reached 5% and In Northern Pacific 2»i. The
requirements of the Sub-Treasury and the de
mand from the interior continued to make in
roeds on banking reserves and the refusal
by the Secretary of the Treasury of bonds of
fered to him Rt the market price dlscouraj?f.l
th* hope of relief from that source. hard
eninp of the money rate in. London also causes
apprehension of a renewal cf pressure for cold
from that point, although the higher money
rate here was sufficient to cause a yielding in
the eterling exchange rate to-<3ay. The weekly
retwrn of the Bank of Encland shows that lt
has made heavy demands upon the open mar
ket for rcrayment of loans and the coming
needs of the money market there give promise
tfcat the outside market must resort to the
NEW YORK. Aorii 1L— Speculative liquida
tion v.t.s very clearly at work again in to
day's stock market. It was offset during the
early part of the day by an aggressive strength
{¦hewn by a handful of stocks. The advance
in these was helped by violent manipulation,
but it e?rv<?d to Fustain the rest of the market
in face of heavy selling until the call money
rate ran ur> asaln. when the pressure to sell
bseame greater than the absorption power, and
the market turned weak. Even the notably
FtronK FtockF lost all of their gains as a rule
end thr market closed dull and at about the
lotvest and at considerable net losses, except
In a very few stocks. The arrival in London
of the New York financier who has been the
moving spirit in most of the recent vast finan
cial iToipcte in this country aroused tome ex
jiMnatlon that the London market would re
flect his presence there and that action would
be taken on some of the projects which have
twen supposed to b* waiting upon his counsel.
The rumored Burllncton deal was the most
important of thrss and the failure of official
confirmation of the very positive assertions
which have been current that this transaction
ves completed had a good deal to do with
the df>;«r<>*sion which permeated the whole mar
ket as the day i>ropressed. It is evident from
the persistence cf disclaimers of the deal that
sn important minority of the Etoekholtleri is
rtlll opposed to lt. »ven if it be true that ac
tual control '.as passed to the Hill-Morgan in
terests. The wldeepread belief in the pending
consolidations of importance in the copper
•world mc.de Amalgamated Copper very active
and buoyant, but here again the failure of ex
pected official confirmation aroused some feel
ing of distrust among the speculators, who had
boucht most largely and with least infor
mation, and the profit-taking cost the stock
practically all of its 3%-noint rise. The Chi
cago and Northwestern Etocks continued their
remarkable rise, the common advancing 13
points and the preferred it points, each of
them showing G-polnt advances between sales.
Denials from official sources of the rumored
consolidation of this road with Chicago. Min
neapolis- St. Paul and Omaha and with Union
Pacific caused & reaction In the stock of 7%.
There were denials of the rumored sales of
Consolidated Oas' real estate, causing a reac
tion of 4 points from the stock's 5%-point rise.
The advance of 3% In Rock lslan.1 on rumors
of buying for control by Pennsylvania . was
more than lost.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, April 11.— The Government report,
having shown about what had been expected
of lt, was of less influence In the wheat mar
ket than the little addendum to it which men
tioned the possibilities of future damage from
Hessian fly. Lower cables and the bearishness
of the report itself caused heavy selling at the
start. May being sold from, 70% to 63%c, com
pared with yesterday's close at 70%@70%c. But
the bulls seized the fly argument and aided by
light receipts and an excellent shipping de
mand succeeded • in alarming shorts, who
covered on a liberal scale. The market dur
ing the first hour climbed to 71c. Heavy clear
ances and reports on damage from Insects ! in
Missouri caused a further rally to 71%c Prof
it-taking caused " a small reaction, but the
close was etrong and lc higher, at 71%@7Hlc. |
Corn was rather quiet but " steady, despite
some selling of May by Phillips, who, like
many other traders, was changing some long
stuff over to July. Wet weather, light re
ceipts and very small country offerings, .- as
well as sympathy with the wheat strength,
were x the sustaining influences. May closed' a
shade up at 43%c.
Oats were quiet but steady in sympathy with
wheat. May closed %c higher at 25%c. •
Provisions were dull. The opening was Ir
regular, but the tone of • the market ¦ became
stronger later on a good cash demand. May
pork closed 7%c higher, lard 2%@5c up and ribs
2%c. improved. : w '. :'
The leading futures ranged as follows: . • .
" Southern California— Cloudy Friday, with fog
on the coast north of Point Conception; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday: cooler In northern por
tion: light northerly winds.
i;tah— Fair Friday: light northerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Friday: light northerly winds.
Pan- Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday,
. with fog in the morning and at night; light
southerly, changing to brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, with
heavy fo? along the coast; light southerly
•winds in the interior; brisk westerly winds
on the coast.
The temperature has fallen from 16 to 18
degrees at Seattle and Portland. In the great
valleys of California the temperatures- are
from S to 12 degrees warmer than usual.
Along the coast owing to fog the temperatures
are sli^rhtly below the normal.
No rain has fallen on the Pacific Coast
Fouth of Portland.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. April 12, 1901:
The pressure has risen slowly during the
past twelve hours over Washington. Else
where on the Pacific Slope there has been but
little change.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
58; minimum, 46; mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The ; Onion - market is rather easier, as .will
be seen, by. the "quotations, andthere aremore
on the market. Potatoes show a few changes. -
. Green , Peas /were lower; under heavy .' receipts
and the canners .were trying to buy at lVJc per
pound, ' but j got 1 , very i f ew.- •, , Rhubarb was also
weak, , arrivals « being i large.-; while j Asparagus
was ; firmer .•. under decreased . receipts.
< • Receipts '.were 940 boxes : 'Asparagus, "-. 740 boxes
Beans continue very dull at unchanged prices,
while Seeds are i purely nominal, ¦ with no busi
ness worth talking about.
BEANS— Bayos,' $2 50@2 70; Small White, $4 75
@4 90; Large White. $4@4 15; • Pink.'. $1 50@l 90;
Red. $3®3 25; Blackeye. $2 75@3; Limas, $6 15@
6 25; Pea. nominal; Red Kidney. $4 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown - Mustard, •¦ nominal; . Yellow
Mustard, .' nominal ; Flax,- $2 50JJ3 ; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@8%c for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape. 2@2%c; Hemp, 1
3%c ;s Timothy," 6%c. " ». •¦<- : . - -
DRIED PEAS— Nlles.. $2$f2 60; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. ;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.,
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions ramaln as previously quoted.
Hay . being . steady and Bran firm. The con
tinued dry weather seems to have. little if any
effect 'on the market. *' -" ¦¦.*'•¦ '.
BRAN— $15 50@16 50 per ton. '
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 60 per ton. - r;
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17 G0@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; Jobbing.
$26 50;,Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $25®
25 60; Cracked Corn, $25 6C@26: Mixed'- Feed.
$15(316. .."••- . •
. HAY— Volunteer. $5@8: Wheat, $11013; Wheat
and Oat, W®12; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Barley, $7 60@9 60 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c. per bale. ,
Hay and Feedstuff s;
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25@
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, • $2 75@2 85 per barrel- for family - and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; -Washington bakers', $2 75
®3. . .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices - In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the* trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour.* $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60: Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 5003 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),
$6 10(iJ7 60; in eacks. $5 75@7 23; Pearl Barley,
$5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
,\ -CALL BOARD 'SALES.
.Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. /,•:;: V
Second Session — No sales. -
Regular Morning Session— December 1 — 1000
ctls. 72%c.' • '" •- " '
Afternoon • Session— No sales.'
OATS— Conditions show no change whatever,
the market being quiet. White, $1 35@l'5O;
Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 30@l 45; Black, $1 15
@1 25 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow. $1 10@l 15; White, $1 10@l 15;
Eastern Mixed. $1 12% per ctl. /
RYE-80®82%c per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse. .' ¦
¦• Informal Session — 9:15 ' o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, $1 05%. '
Second Session— No sales.
. Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls, $105%. - '¦ " •¦ -
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— Holders were firmer . again and
asked 80 cents for the best feed. The de
mand however, showed little improvement. I
Feed, 77%fl?78*ic for No. 1 and , 73%@75 for
off grades; Brewing and ' Shipping grades, 82%
@S7%c ; Chevalller. normal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
WHEAT— Liverpool wW weak. Paris 'and
New fork were higher. ; "; :
Chicago opened firmer, with an upward tend
ency and good buying of both long and short
Wheat all over the pit. ' It j looked as if the
Government report had either been discounted
or that the crowd were. "coppering" it, as sell
ing-orders were scarce and shorts were act- ;
ively covering, with very little Wheat for
sale. There were a good many damage reports
from the Southwest, and excessive rains in the |
West were retarding field work. New York
exporters reported moderate acceptances from
the Continent and Minneapolis expected a de
crease in stocks for the 1 week of 600,000 bush
els. ¦ •;- -¦
The Government report , was no more bear
ish than expected. It gave the condition of
winter Wheat at 91.7, against S2.1 for April 1,
1900, and 82.9 as the mean on this date for the.
past ten years. But against this bearish show
ing it mentioned ravages of Hessian fly from
an almost unprecedentedly large number of
States, which have given. rise to serious mis
givings as to possible developments within the
next thirty days. According, to the estimate a
winter Wheat • crop of 440,000,000 ¦ bushels is
promised, against 395,000,000 bushels last year.
The local market was dull and rather weak.'
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1; milling, $1 02%@
1 05 per ctl
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight. — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 15
Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ..'. 49% 0 60.
Exchange and Bullion.
The market for evaporated apples displayed
little animation and prices did not vary from
yesterday's figures. Export business was dis
appointing. State common, 3@4c; prime, 4%®
4%c: choice. 5@5%c; fancy. 6@6%c. California
dried fruits continue nominal at 3%@7c per lb
for prunes, as to size and quality. Apricots-^
Royal, 7%@8c; Moorpark, 8%@13c. Peaches-
Peeled, 18%@20c; unpeeled, 5%@10c. _ .
DRIED FRUITS.
WHEAT— Keceipts, 167,200 bushels; exports,
218,206 bushels. Spot, firm; No.- 2 red. 79%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red 77%c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 85%c f. o. b. afloat; No.- 1
hard Duluth. 89%c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened steady and experienced subse
quent pronounced firmness on active covering.
Although ' the Government report averages on
wheat was high, the reference to widespread
Hessian fly reports scared the trade. Later
a renewal of export rumors and big clearances
caused further covering and advance closed
rather firm $g@%c net rise. May, 76@77 7-16c;
closed, 77%c; July, 75 l-16@77c; closed, 76%c;
September, 75%@76%c; closed, 76c
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c.
Mild, market dull. Cordova, 8%@12%c.
Futures closed steady with . prices net
unchanged to 5 points lower. Total sales
were 16,253 bags, including: May, 5.60c; July,
b.6Oc; September. 5.75c; October, 5.75c; Novem
¦ ber, 5.75<g'5.80c; December, 5.95c; January, 6.00c
'and March, 6.15c.
SUGAR— Raw,- firm; fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test 4 3-32c. Molasses sugar,
3 ll-32c. Refined, firm. . c
BUTTER— Receipts, 4833 packages. Firm.
Fresh creamery, 16@23c: factory, ll@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 14,340 . packages. Easier,
Western, fresh. 13%@13%c; do storage, 14c.
NEW TORK, April ll.-FLOUR-Receipts.
23,490 bushels; exports, -• 5359 bushels. Firmer
with wheat and business showed more activ
ity on the top grades.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 11-5 p. m.
O20th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared -with those of same date last
Reason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
Latest mail advices from New York say:
•'The demand for prunes shows some falling
off. but stocks are still very light and prices
are firm for the popular Bizes. Sale of a small
lot of 50-60s was reported yesterday at b%c,
but outside of one other Email lot it is doubt
;ul if any further gooda of that size actually
en the spot can be bought under 6c Some
association 50-60s. Santa Clara fruit, due to
arrive next week, wen* reported sold yester
day at full prices, but the quantity was small.
Forties are se.ling at 7'ic and 60-70s at 5@5lnC
There is little demand for 70-SOs and S0-90s.
The small trade continues to buy prunes quite
Bredjr. but jobbers appear to be fairly well
supplied at the moment.
"Some inquiry was reported for 2-crown and
S-crown California raisins, but no business of
importance i-esulted. ro lar as could be learned.
i'p to lcte in the day. Apricots show a little
ttronger tendency, sales of a carload being
noted at 8c in bags. Coast advices report hold
ers' views higher. The movement to control
the eput market already noted continues, it is
stated. In p«aches we hear of little business
doing at the moment. A fair demand is re
ported for layer figs at a range of 5@10%c.
with some holders asking up to 12c. Bag stock
is reported cleaned up from first hands, with
second hands asking from 4%c to 5%c. Dates
fhow no change of importance at the moment.
In nuts the chief Interest centers in almonds.
S\ales of Jordan shelled are reported at 33<g34c
:r. a email way. Other descriptions show no
important changes or movement."
Prunes and Apricots in Nrd> York.
Exports of produce ctA merchandise from
thi* port during the first quarter of the year
were $:i.7<3.S50, against $12,560,620 during the
eamt quarter in 1901. as follows: Atlantic
ports, $751,615; Great Hritain. J3,353,000; China,
$911,233; Japan, $676,600; Australia, $596,900; New
Zealand. Jsll.400; Mex:co, $458,676; Central
America, $3S7,870; South - America, $496,770;
Philippine Islands, $311,100.
Exports of Produce.
S. H. Daniels, for many years exchange clerk
of the Bank of California, has been elected an
assiEtant cashier. Hs has been connected with
the bank since ltti.
Bank Promotion.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—' " • Bonds— '
Call loans 3 Atchison 4s... .....102
Time loans 3%@4% "Mining Shares-
Stocks— Adventure :. .'. 15%
Atch T & Sta Fe. 63% Bingham 24%
Do prefd..: — .:; 95 Amalg Copper.... '..114
American Sugar... 144% Atlantic ..... ::.:.. 31
,Amer .TeIepHone...l70% Boston & Mont.. :.396 -
} Boston & Albany..2«2 Butte & Boston.. .108%
Boston Elevated.. .174 - Calumet & ¦; Hecls,.S40 -
U S ref 2s reg 106% NYC Ists 107%
Do coupon 106% N J C gen 5s 133
U S 3s reg 110% N Pac 3s 72%
Do Ss coupon 111% Do 4s ..105
Do new 4s reg. ..133 N Y C & St L 4s..lO7
Do new 4s coup.. 139 N & W cop. 4s 101%
Do old 4s reg. ...113% Or Nav Ists :..109.
Do old 4s coup. .113%! Do 4s.. 105
Do 5s reg 111%: Or Short Line 6s..l2S
Do i>s coupon 111% Do con 6s US
Dist of Col 3.65s. _ 124% Reading gen 4s.... 95%
Atchison gen 4s...lC2%iR G XV lets 101
Do adj 4s. 95% St L & I M con 5s. 116
Canada-So 2ds 108% St L & S F gen 6s. 131%
Ches & O 4%s.....lO6% St Paul cons.". 189
Do 5s 121% St P C & P Ists.. .118%
Chi & N eon 7s. ..142 Do Es..:.... 120
Do S F deb 8s. ..124 » S Pacific 4s....:... 91%
Chicago Term 4s.. t>6 S Railway 6s 117
Colo Southern 4s.. 87% Stand R&.T 6s... 60
D & R G 4s... 101% Tex & Pac Ists. ...119%
Erie gen 4s.' 89 -Do 2ds 100
F W & r> C Ists. ..104 U Pacific 4s... 106
Gen Electric 5s... .155% "Wabash Ists 120
Iowa Cent Ists.. .,117 Do 2ds. ....110
L & N uni 4s 102%|West Shore 4s.. ...115
M K & T 2ds...... 81% I Wise Cent Ists.... S9V»
Do 4s 99%K'a Centuries 96%
MINING" STOCKS.
Adams Con 23|Little Chief.. 14
Alice .....' 34 Ontario .:...;.. ...'.. 9 00
Breece . 1 20 Ophir 65
Brunswick Con 20 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosi " 07
On Cal & Va.......2 OOlSavage 06
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada....... 28
Horn Silver."........ .1 10 Small Hopes. 60
Iron Silver.. ..... 59 Standard ...4 10
Leadvllle Con... 05
CLOSING BONDS.
Shares . v Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
80,100 Atchlson 65*4
16.500 Atchlson prefd 95%
6.500 Baltimore & Ohio 92%
¦ 1.200 Canadian Pacific .*. 94V4
1.200 Canada Southern 63%
6,800 Chesapeake & Ohio 46%
2,800 Chicago Great' Western 23
90,700 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 1SSU
7,600 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 37>i
1.200 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 74
2,100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois.... 116%
10,500 Chicago & Northwestern 202%
51,100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific... 147%
1.200 C C C & St Louis.... 80*4 I
17.500 Colorado Southern 11V* :
1.000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 46U
! 3,100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21«4
4,100 Delaware & Hudson 176%
. 3,000 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 218V* I
3,100 Denver & Rio Grande 45%
1.500 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 94%
72.400 Erie Ti. 37%
11.000 Erie 1st prefd .'.... 70 .
300 Great Northern prefd 201%
2,200 Hocking Coal Wi
1.700 Hocking Valley ...: 53>i
2.700 Illinois Central ...140%
2.700 Iowa Central 33%
700 Iowa " Central prefd 63
100 Lake. Erie & Western 61
Lake Erie & Western prefd 125
....... Lake Shore''...'. ; 230
13,400 Louisville & Nashville 103%
10.800 Manhattan L :.. 126%
12,500 Metropolitan Street Railway 166
17,800 Mexican Central 23%
1,500 Minneapolis & St Louis S5
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
6,500 Missouri Pacific 101%
Mobile & Ohio 81
3,303 Missouri Kansas & Texas 27" R
11,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 60
New Jersey Central : ..156
17.C00 New York Central 143%
9.100 Norfolk &1 Western ". 61%
300 Norfolk & Western _ 86%
90.900 Northern Pacific 97V4
9.000 Northern Pacific prefd . , 96%
7.600 Ontario & Western ...; ... 34%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
...'.... Oregon Railway- & Navigation pfd. 76
17,600 Pennsylvania 155%
7.200 Reading : 35>*
3.9011 Reading 1st prefd 75%
10.200 Reading 2d prefd 51%
Rio Grande Western 79
Rio Grande Western prefd 100
1.900 fit Louis & San Francisco 40%
1.C00 St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. 82vj
2,000 St Louis & San Francisco 3d pfd.. 65V*
2,300 St Louis Southwestern 37%
2,500 St Louis Southwestern prefd 64%
£9,300 St Paul 154%
200 Et Paul prefd 190
100 St Paul & Omaha 140
S.700 Southern Pacific :... 44%
10,700 Southern Railway 27%
8,300 Southern Railway prefd 79%
5M00 Texas & Pacific ;....... 42
90.200 Union Pacific 92
¦ 3.900 Union Pacific prefd 8474
6.500 Wabash 19%
32.700 Wabash prefd 39%
1,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 36
1,200 Wisconsin Central 19%
400 Third Avenue 124
2.000 Baltimore & Ohio.... 90
1,000 National Tube 67
200 National Tube prefd..... 118%
Express Companies—
Adams 165
200 American 196 .
1,500 United States 88
Wells-Fargo '....140
Miscellaneous—
700 American Cotton Oil 26
American Cotton OH prefd 85
American Malting 5
American Malting prefd 25
9,600 American Smelt & Refining 60%
3,100 American Smelt & Refining prefd... 9G%
American Spirits ; 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 46%
American Steel Hoop prefd 95
1,500 American Steel & Wire 47%
100 American Steel & Wire prefd ..110%
£00 American Tin Plate 77%
American Tin Plate prefd 117
3.3C0 American Tobacco 12S%
....... American Tobacco prefd 144
71.100 Anaconda Mining Co : 50%
13.500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 81%
15.800 Colorado Fuel & Iron '. 74%
12.200 Continental Tobacco 46
2,400. Continental Tobacco prefd...:.. 103%
3.100 Federal Steel 54%
1.C00 Federal Steel prefd 102
6,200 General Electric 225
100 Glucose Sugar .: 49
Glucose Sugar prefd .'.... 96
600 International Paper 26%
1,900 International Paper prefd 79%
300 Laclede Gas $6
National Biscuit 39%
100 National Biscuit prefd 96
500 National Lead 16
200 National Lead prefd S3
6C0 National Steel 58
National Steel prefd..... ....117
100 New York Air Brake 154
400 North American ; :. 67
Pacific Coast 63
.:.'.... Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90
... Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
l.OCO Pacific Mail.. 36%
6.800 People's Gas .....no«i
7.800 Pressed Steel Car 41
B.900 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82%
SOO Pullman Palace Car ?13%
Standard Rope & Twine 4%
151,400 Sugar 144%
SfiO Sugar prefd 122%
3,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63
2.500 United States Leather 13
1,900 United States Leather prefd........ 76%
1,000 United States Rubber 20%
100 United States Rubber prefd 60%
• 4.0C0 Western Union 92%
112,800 Amalgamated Copper 113%
3.3C0 Republic Iron & Steel 19%
1.700 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 75 ¦
169.6CO United States Steel 46%
S0.900 United States Steel prefd 94%
; B C C & St Louis 60
1.745, 600 Shares sold. '
bank again, which would make an advance In
the rate effective In Influencing the private
discount rate as well as the exchanges.
The bond market was m.oderately active and
yielded In sympathy with the late reaction in
stocks. Total sales, par value, $4,345,000.
United States old fours coupon advanced X A
per cent on the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
ners. »2 10@2 75;?" bulls, ' $2 75-54 50: calves, $4@
5 f.0; Texas ! fed steers. ' $4 '254T5' 25 ; I Texas* grass
erp. $3 50©4; Texas bulls, 4 %2 75<S3 90. V
¦ HOGS— Receipts, -to-day, 23,000; " to-morrow;
20.0CO; left over; 3000; strongto 5c higher: act
ive .to J6 12}i; mixed: and .butchers', - $5 S0@
6 07& : • eooti to : choice heavy. $5 90® 6 12^ :
rough heavy,' *5 7505 S5; . light. , $5 70@S 12}*:
bulk of sales. $5 S*@G 05. ¦ . -¦ ' - ' - >
SHEEP— Receipts. 14.0CO. Sheep slow, lambs
about, steady; clipped up to $5 30. Good to
choice -wethers. $4 75<J?5; fair to choice mixed,
$4 60i94 65; Western sheep. $4 75@5: < yearlings,
$4 S0(g5 10; .native lambs, $4 75@5 35; Western
lambs, $5@5 35. - 1 ¦ .
, Nrd) York Metal: Market.
NEW YORK, April 11.— Again the local mar
ket for tin showed signs of general weakness
and prices dropped about 20. points under a lack
of buying orders and the continued bearish look
of statistics. .Trade was slow all day, closing
quiet and easy,' $25 95@26 10. Tin in London was
unchanged. ' spot j closing at £115 12s 6d and f u.
tures £117 17s 6d., Copper in London advanced
10s and closed firm 'with spot quoted at £69 3s
Ed and futures at' £69 15s. . "The local situation
for that metal. . however, . was inactive . and
nominally unchanged, $17 for Lake Superior and
$16 mi for casting and electrolytic. The mar
ket for pig lead was slow and unchanged here
at $4 37%; at London prices were 2s 6d lower to
£12 Ss 9d. Spelter v.-as a snade lower and
weak, closing at . $3 90@3 95. Domestic " iron
markets ruled steady but quiet at unchanged
prices. - GlasEOw warrants closed at'54s, Mid
dlesborough 45s 4%d.'
New York-Cotton Market.
¦ • NEW YORK, April 1L— Taken as a whole the
'cotton market showed more strength than in
several days. . At .one time May dropped from
8.10 to 7.97 points, under a wave of liquidation
The opening was steady, with prices 1 P°int
lower to 2; points higher. The close 01 the
first hour marked the turning point intne aa
vance.as selling orders came in from the soutn
and the alarm of the shorts subsided. By noon
a loss of several points was apparent. During
the afternoon the local market was very quiet
and aside from a slight rally soon .after the
noon hour fell into a narrow rut. The closing
was quiet, 2 points higher to 2 points lower. .
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April " U.— Consols, 95%@95 13-16;
silver, 27 S-16d ; ' . French rentes, lOlf 27%@101f
35c." • . Wheat cargoes on" passage, heavy and
depressed; cargoes No. 1 standard California,
28s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s 6d; English
country markets generally 6d cheaper; imports
into United • Kingdom, wheat. 291,000 ctls; im
ports into United Kingdom, flour. 245,000 ctls.
LIVERPOOL, April 11.— Wheat, easy: • No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2%d@6s 3d: wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, general 6d cheaper; Imports
rainy. • .
COTTON— Uplands, 4s 21-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, quiet; No. 1 California, 6s
2V4d; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s U%d; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s Id. Futures, steady; May,
5s 9%d ; July, 5s «%d.
CORN— Spot steady; American mixed new,
3s U%d; mixed old, 4s Id. Futures, firm; May,
3sll%d; July, 3s lid ;» September, 3s U%d.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., April ll. T Wheat quiet and
steady; Blue Stem. 59c; Club', 56V&C.
Cleared to-day— British bark Carradale, with
118,208 bushels wheat for United Kingdom.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 11.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, E5@57Hc. Foreign wheat exports from
Portland for the week ending to-day were 160,-
Portland's Business.
- PORTLAND. Or.. April 1L — Clearings, $311,
715; balances, $47,612.
Fair trading on the local stock exchanges.
Linseed Oil marked down.
Local exports show a decrease for the past quarter.
Sterling Exchange rather weaker. 'Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures easy. Barley held higher again.
No change in the minor cereals. .
Hay and Feed stuffs as before.
Beans and Seeds dull and largely nominal. * • :
Potatoes steady and' Onions rather ivcakcr.
Nothing [new in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry market getting letter supplied again. Game steady.
Citrus fruits as before. Strawberries declining.
Some buying of Dried Apricots on speculative account.
Provisions firm and unchanged.
LONDON, April 11.— Atchison, 65%; Canadian
Pacific, 97%; Union Pacific preferred, 87%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 99^4; Grand Trunk,
$%; -Anaconda. U. Bar silver, 27 3-16d per
ounce. Money. 3%@4 per cent.
CLOSING.
The bank has bought £553.000 of gold In In
dian bars; £25,000 is going out to South Ameri
can ports. The call money rate was 3 per cent.
The Continent sold more than lt bought of
American shares, but London bought freely
all the wav up to a close which was at the
highest prices of the day. In the street after
ward there was a partial reaction, which was
ascribed to tight money in New York. The
steel corporations' stocks are now being dealt
in here. Copper stocks spurted sharply on the
announcement of the Montana deal of the
Amalgamated Copper Company.
American shares were buoyant ¦ from the
opening to the close. Eries were Che feature.
Other favorites were Union Pacific, Norfolk
and Western and Northrn Pacific, the last ris
ing on the renewal of the reports of the Bur
lington deal. ¦¦* . ¦
Business was brisker on the stock market
here to-day and the trading In the general list
took on a much more cheerful tone. This was
attributed to the talk about Botha's negotia
tions for a sjttlement In South Africa. The
general tendency, in all the markets. was to
cover Fhortsand this advanced prices.'
NEW YORK. April 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market!
WASHINGTON, April .' 11.— To-day'e ' state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the Division of Redempetion, shows; Avail
able cash balance, $151,542,190; gold. $100,107,570.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, April 11.— Close: Money on call
firm at 4{?6 per cent; last loan and ¦ ruling
rate. 6. Prime mercantile paper, 3%@4',4 per
cent, i Sterling exchange easy, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at M 87%@4 SS for demand
and at $4 S4>£@4 84% for CO days. Posted rates,
$4 8i%@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 83%@4 8i'/i.
Silver certif.cates. 59i@60c . Bar silver, 59%c.
Mexican dollars, 48c. Government bonds firmer;
State bonds inactive; railroad bonds irregular.
New York Money Market.
Boston & Maine.. 193 Centennial .... . 2C4
Chi B & Q 1S7',4 Franklin 19
Dominion Coal 37V. Humboldt 25 •
Do prefd 111*4 Osceola ....: S5%
Fitchburg: prefd... 143 - Parrot .,....: 56
Ed Elec 111 240 Quincy .....'. 178
N E Gas & Coke.. 1114 Santa" Fe Copper.. 9%
Old Colony ....2CS I Tamarack ..34S
Old Dominion...... 33% I Utah . Mining....'... 35*4
West End SS iWinona ...4%
Westinghse Elec... 65 ! Wolverines 51Va
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Flour, qr-sks-V... 12,750 Hay, tons......'..". 373
Wheat/ ctlsw .".:'. r.117.679 Straw, tons..'...... 28
Barley, ctls... '."... 5,915 Hops, bales......: 136
Corn, ; ctls . . . : . .".".. 250 Wool.' bales ....... 89
Rye.'ctls. .:.......- 400 Wins, ' gals.:.*:...: 55,900
Potatoes,;- sks."..".. -1,475 Leather, rolls.'."..- : 73
FOR, THURSDAY.' APRIL U.
Receipts of Produce.
. LINSEED OIL— Is lower at 66c for raw and
6Sc : per . gallon for boiled, in 'barrels; case3, 5c
more. fatpib&K&KBHEr&xti
- Crushed. : 6.05c : « Powdered.'r 5. 65c ; Candy Gran
ulated, - 5.65c; j Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners'* A, 5.55c; Magnolia A; -5.15c; Extra C,
5.05c;. Golden ; C; 4.95c; -barrels, 10c more; half
barrels,' 25c more ; boxes,' 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. - No . orders taken - for i less than . 75
barrels or- its. equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
re'p.. fi.ar-<-:' boxes,- 6.55c per lb. • :-¦
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $0 50; .Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and : $13 25 in
sacks: v Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,'$14; Can
nel.:$10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In .sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
iS 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand. ., ¦ -,,.'- ,-¦ , .'-¦¦ ¦ .
¦ -SUGAR— The .Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-1 b bags: . - .
• BAGS— San -" Quentln ' Bacs. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bats, June and July,' 7c; spot, 6%@7c;
local make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bass, 30@34c;i Fleece. Twine. '7%@8c.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, ISO lbs and , under, 6Hc;
180 to 225 lbs, 6%t?6Hc: 225 and over. 6®6»4c;
feeders. ; dressed Hogs.55^®9Hc.
: BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and ' ft@7c per lb for
COWS. . ;' '
VEAL— Large, 7®8c; small; 9c per lb. '.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8®9c; Ewes, 7H@8e per
pound. .
LAMB— Spring. 9@10c per pound. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL-Spring. 1900 or • 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 15@lCc per lb:" Northern, free, 120
13c: defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free. 10®
lie; do. defective. S@10c; ¦ Southern. 12 months.
S@9c: Southern, free, 7 months, 7jT10c; do, de
fective, 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine,
15@16c: do. medium and coarse. 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern. . choice, 12@14c; do fair to good. 9©llc:
Nevada. 10(S12c. , % .. .
HOPS— 15®20c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l',4c • under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9V4c; medium, 8V£c; light, 8a Cow
Hides, 8%c for hea^ and 8c for. light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c: Salted Veal. 9c; Salted
Calf,. 10c; Dry Hides, 15%c; Culls, 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; Culls and Brands, 12®
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short
Wool, 30@40c each: medium, 60@65c; long Wool,
75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large,
$1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skln<=. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter* or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime. Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, EOc; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3%<i?4c: grease. 2@2JSc:
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels. 8*4c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.'\
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, lO^ic; 1 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, i2c per lb for
heavy. ' 12%@13c'. for light medium. 13%c for
light.' 14V5c for extra light and 15%c' for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured : Hams. 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess. $12 50; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15@15 50; extra
clear. $23; Mess, $.19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
There ls.no change to report.
¦RAISINS — The Raisin Growers" Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, ¦ lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb.' Sultanas— Fancy. 10 J 4c per lb;
choice, 9%c: standard, . 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-Ib boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. 5%c, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 59 per box: 3-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10c per lb for Italian:
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 10c;- No. 2, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 12@13c
for paper-shell, 9@llc f or sof tshell ; Peanuts,
E<Jf6c for -Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c: Fil
berts, ¦ 12@12V4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
?S 50@5. ¦
> HONEY— Comb, l«%@14c for bright and 12^4
©>13c for light amber; water white extracted,
1@~hic; light amber extracted, 5@6c; dark, iQ
5c per lb. •
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb. .
P - ~ TT~ ¦ 'J,-.^
Provisions. •%'*'$&
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 2c: 30-40s. 7c;
40-503, S%c; 50-60S, 1 3Hc; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-80s, 2>4c;
S0-90s. l%c; 90-lOOs, l%c; 100-120s, l%c. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made.,"-.,
The Raisin Association now quotes only one
grade of which is offering at the cut
price of 5c -per lb. .
FRUITS— Apricots, 6@7%e ! for Royals and
8H<?10c. for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
3Vi@5c; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches, 3@3Vic for
standard. 4@5c for choice and 6@6c for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c: Plums, pitted. 3V&@5c; unpltted,
1®1%c: Nectarines. 4@4Hc for red and 4@5c
for white.
There Is some buying . of ; Apricots on spec
ulative account owing - to the < damage by the
recent frosts, but lt Is not of large . propor
tions. , • ...',
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$2;
Seedlings, ; Tangerines, 50c®$l 25; Lemons,
BCc@$l for .. common and $1 25®2 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, 50c«B$l 50: Mexican Limes,
$5 50@6; Bananas, $1@2 50 per ' bunch; Plne
arples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
APPLES— $1@2 E0 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $8@11 per chest for Longr
worths and $5@7 for large berries. Re >s'pts
were 85 chests. , '-¦"*;;
Five or six cars of Oranges are announced
for to-day's auction. The market for citrus
fruits remains the same, | Lemons being plenti
ful and weak. Limes quiet and Oranges steady
with fair supplies.
Strawberries, were lower, under larger re
ceipts. Four cars of Bananas came in.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
. The market for all three ; descriptions Is as
previously, quoted. ; Eggs ; continue . to . arrive
freely, but ' as long as the demand ; for cold
storar 3 keeps up /.stocks ' do ; not , accumulate.
The feeling Is , easy. ;;¦' Cheese. ' too. Is coming
In freely, but the demand is fair and the mar
ket shows no weakness. . Stocks of Butter are
still free, and the fine creameries are ¦ quoted
weaker /comparatively than the medium
grades.' ¦ ¦ " .
Receipts as ' reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 73,800 pounds and 61 tubs of Butter, 1113
cases Eggs, cases ¦ Eastern Eggs,' 21,250
pounds California Cheese and pounds East
ern Cheese. • . •
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c: seconds,"
Dairy — Extras, 15c; firsts, 14c; seconds,"- ;
store, lie. •'..-.- ¦ - ¦
Storage— Creamery extras, ; ' firsts, — -;
seconds. ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound. . ¦- ' • . -
Kes, per pound. • - v-;-,
CHEESE — Fancy, lull cream, 9Hc: choice,
8^c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb. •
EGGS— • . - • '
California Ranch— Selected . White. 15c; mixed
colors. IZVjC per dozen.
California"- Gathered — Selected. 13%c: . stand
ard, 12%c; seconds, . .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, - — ; . standard. ;
seconds,, .* -v: ¦;¦'¦
Storage — California fancy, ; standard,
; Eastern fancy, -; standard, ; sec
onds, .
GAME— Gray Geese,. $3: -.White Geese. $1;
Brant, $150; English Snipe. $3; Jack Snipe.
$150; Hare, $125: Rabbits, $1 23 for Cottontail
and 75c@$l for Brush. - v •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. ¦
The market for Hens • and old Roosters Is
getting overstocked and . even young ' stock ' is
In better supply and slower. Prices are giving
way.' but slowly. ' ». .'.. .
¦ One-car of Eastern came In.' i .^~-
Game .stands about the same.' *:
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 50@l 75 ; Goslings, $2 25@2 75 ; Ducks. $5 50©
6 50 for old 'And $8@9 for young: Hens, $4©6:
young Roosters, $6 50@7 50: old Roosters, $4 25
@4 50 ; ' Fryers, • $5@6 ; Broilers, $4@5 , for ; large
and 52 50® 3 50 for small; Pigeons, $2 per dozen
fftr old and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs. -
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— Oregons. $3@3 50 per ctl : Nevadas.
$3!S3 50; Cut Onions.- 50c@$l 25 per sack; Aus
tralians, $3 75; Green Onions, 25® 40c per box. (
-.VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 50c«m 25 per box:
Asparagus. $2@2 23 for fancy. $1 40@l 75 per box
for No. 1 and $1@1 25 for No. 2; Green Peas,
$1 23<gl 50 per sack; String Beans. S@10c; Cab
bage, S0ig60c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, *1 50 per
crate;, from Mexico, Jl 25(51 50 per crate; Egg'
Plant, .Los Angeles. 17&c - per lb; Green
Feppers, Los Angeles, '15c per lb for Chile and
for Bell; Dried Peppers.- 12® ISc; Dry Okra, :
20® 25c per lb:- Carrots. : 25@35c per. sack; Hot
house Cucumbers. 25cfT$l per dozen; . Summer
Squash. $1 50 per box; Garlic, 4@6c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, J20@30 per ton.
POTATOES-^-Early* Rose. 70®90c; Burbanks,
35f?6Cc fcr River ' and 90c@?l 10 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles from -Oregon, $1@1 25; Sweets,
50<g65c for Merced; = New Potatoes, lU@l%c
per lb.* ¦ •.. . - . ¦ ¦ i ¦ '. • • . ¦ ¦¦ *'
Rhubarb." T60 sacks Bay" Peas' • arid - 410 . sacks
New Potatoes. .. ¦. -. -*:¦¦¦ • • . ¦
Onions, sks. ...... 300|Tallow, *ctls .'• «J3
Bran, sks.... 2.905 Hides. No......— ?«
Middlings, sks.... 123lPelts. todls. ....... 6,s>35
. OREGON.
Flour, Qr sks 11.413! Potatoes, sks 675
. AUSTRALIA.
Wool, bales.. 1 ..... t -54 »»
Following were the sates in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: • •
- Morning Session.
150 Belcher ........ ¦ tl- 6C0 Gould & Curry. 21
150 Belcher .-• 22, 2C0 Gould & Curry. 23
700 Best & Balcher 191 SCO Mexican 31
10O Best & Belcher IS I 200 Ophir 70
2C0 Caledonia 7fi! 200 Ophir «"*
200 Chollar 12 300 Ophir 72
ICO Con. Cal & V.2 12% 300 Overman 23
600 Con Cal & V...2 10 100 Silver Hill to
200 Con Cal & V.2 07% 800 Utah ~. 04
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 21 300 Mexican 31
100 Caledonia 77 200 Ophir 73
30O Chollar 12 200 Overman 22
10O Con Cal & Va..2 13 2C0 Silver Hill W
300 Hale & Norcra. 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. April 11—4 p. to.
BId.Ask. I : Bid. Ask.
Alpha C5 0« Just'.ca 01 03
Alta .' "4 OtflKentuck. 01 03
"Andes ....... 05 06 1 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 21 • 22 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher IS 19 Occidental 02 04
Bullion .....;...• 01 02 Ophir 70 71
Caledonia "6 ; 73iOverman 21 23
Challenge Con.. 11 18 iPotcsi 09 10
Chollar ..." It ' 13 Savage 09 lt)
Confidence 70 73 Scorpion — 01
Con Cal &Va..2 10 2 15 Segr Belcher f-4 OS
Con Imperial... — 01|Sierra Nevada.. 21 2*
Con New York. — 01 1 Silver Hill S3 40
Crown Point.... 13 13!St Louis CG —
Eureka Con...; CS — IStandard 4 l."» 4 30
Exchequer — 02] Syndicate P5 —
Gould & Curry. 21 22,Unlon Con 14 15
Hale & Norcrs. 23 27 Utah 13 04
Julia — 03;Yellow Jacket.. 15 IS
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W B Dunning, U S N
P A Dlnsmore, S Jose
T Dannebaum, Cal
F Canfleld & w. Cal
W H Junker. D Monte
J Beer & w, La
E Rlckmen, Bremen j
C H Davis & w. Mich;
Mrs E Ij Benson, Pa
C Kendall & w. Ohio
Mrs D Holland. N Y
Miss Holland, N Y
Will Holland, N Y
Mrs C D Robert. N T
Miss M J Robert. N Y
T S Hawkins. Cal
S D McDaniels & w.
Denver
J M Anderson & w,
Tacoma
D E Orvin. Wis
S Lewlth. Mllwauke
L L Weisnlng, U S N
T J Stearbul.' Utica
Raymond & Whltcomb
P M M Stuart. Ill
A Levy. Los Ang
W Gossltn. Portland
B F Brooks. Cal
G Babcock & w, Cal
W D Wood, Seattle
H Lindley, Klamath
W Lehey. Germany
N Schmederer.Germny
M T Hitchcock,
M T Hancock, La
E N Smith. China
G M Eelfert. S Jose
D B Cadmus, N Y
G Weiss. N Y
H Rich & w, N Y
M C Cashey & w, NT
H P Arnold, Boston
S C Reed & w. N Y
S J Sherer, Chicago
A J Silversetin- Mass
G E Scott, St Louis .
W D Freshmath & w,
Philadelphia
Miss W E Mase. HI
Mrs H A Martin. Ill
J Goebel, Stanford
K W Clum, Wa«h DC
C Dunphy. | MUIbrae
J F Williams & w.Cal
H A Hesse. Wash DC
J F Hatch U S.N ¦.
S A Anderson. Ill ¦
H Isaacs.. N Y
J S Parker & w. N J
H F Noyes Jr. N Y
A Wolf. NY
A Cunningham. N Y ¦
R E Shear, Denver
A Hazeiton. N Y
T J Chapman, N T
H E Cary. Salt Lake
R McClenahan & w,
U S N - *
Excursion —
Miss E J Simpson - '.
Miss M- Nichols
Miss J E Falrchlld
Mrs T E Lyon
Mrs J P Roberts
Miss J C Bradley
Miss L Parker
G Parker
W L Parker & w
D Hays & w
E J Farnum & w
S C Holley & w
Mrs A O Hewitt
C A Bales & w
Mrs F Brown -*^- i
Mrs B M Lawrence
Mrs A S Cummins
Mrs J W Cropsoa'
H P Howland
E C Hay & w
Miss E Bates
Mrs C F Frink '
Dr Cox
Mrs W Pains
Miss B L Hullns
H F Eldrldge & w
2 E Stevens
Mrs A Wilbur
Miss B A Butterfleld
C A Parsons
Mrs J Brownlnc
C A Xourse ' <fe w
W H Traver & w ¦
W L Beeb«
GRAND HOTEL.
J Hendricks. R Bluff
H Roberts, Cal
J F Crawford, St Paul
J Blair, Placerville
John Blair. Sacto fma-
F L Case, Angogen
J W Dayton. Eureka •
Mrs C Fell, Eureka
Miss G Kellogg. Cal
W G Gosshin, Or
C M Wheeler. Eureka
G A Wrisrht. Alameda
L II Bartlett. Boston
H B Stearns. Boston
H M Reed, Reedley
H D Shackelford & w,
Ohio
H A Canning. Denver
J F Johnson. Denver
J R Dorsey, Bkrsfleld
E F Baumardr Cal
Miss M Noschen. N Y
Llyod Jones, N Y
C G Bonar, Fresno
W Crowley. Lockport
Miss Lipplneott. Londn
Miss Black. N Y
W Wineear & w. Mich
Mrs E Flnkham. Mich
Peter Musto. Stkn
Mrs J Swczy, Cal
Mrs E A Coult. Cal
M C Caskey A w. Cal
Mrs S Hammett, Cal
T C Case & s. Chicago
JG Fuyler. Nev
P Flanaean & w. Ner
P F Simonds, Nev City
J F Condon, Verd!
A W Gump, Dayton
E V Conway. Portland
C du Bols. Bradford
H D Persley, Wis
F H Newton, Sonoma
E T Morton. Boston
A L Jones. Napa
A Slacllts & w, Mich
A J Robinson. Fresno
H P Coleman, Toledo
S T AKelll. Seattle
Miss Agent. Seattle
Mrs F Davis. Wis
Edith Brown. Wla
E J Miller. G Hand
A Orlln. w & 3 c. P X
E Pollerfen, Bakrsfleld
H Maynard, Hanford
F E P.olam. Fresno
C Canaher. Chicago
H Sherman & w. Colo '
H Isaacs. I* An?
F Rokestan & w, Ohio
C Dahen, Napa.-
H C Rich & w. N T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P C Helduke, Sacto
J A Devaney, Honolulu
J Houland, Honolulu
L D Goodyear. Honolu
M?s Goodyear. Honolu
Mrs L A Costella. Cal
J Somervllle, Bodle
J A CDlltnr. Bodle
Mrs M E Alden. Aria
J Mulroy. Ingleside
8 K Campton. Selma'
T M Campbell. Selma
C P Shockley. Oakland
J Whltmore, Sta Crua
A Hansen. Monterey
J Bennett, Loa Ang .
W C JllUson. Tacoma
P A Marye, Cal
,D L Cady. Presidio
Lorenzo Gotelli to Acgelo Boitano, undivided
one-twelfth interest in lot 11, block N. Silvers
tract. South San Francisco; $7C0.
Christiana. Mackie to Minnie C. Kaplan, lot
60, block 4, Holly Park tract; J3.
Same to Louisa J. Michael, lot £9, block 4,
seme; S5.
Lulgla Gotelli to Giuseppe Castello and P'.etro
Mautino. undivided one- half Interest is same;
J2S0O.
Marten B. Jooat to Elizabeth Jones, wife of
David R., beginning 60:3% feet from the NH
corner Romain and Falcon streets, SB 104:94,
NE 43:8. SB 124:2. SW 60, lot 3, block 13, Mar
ket-street Hd; 1525.
Lovell and Laura L. Whits to Naomi M.
Mead, wife of Ray, lot on SW corner of Bay
View avenue and Pomona street, S 60 by W
100, N one-half of lots 1 to 4. block C. Silver
Terrace; JoSS.
Alameda County.
E. C. Flags and W. S. Richards (trustee*
Security Savings Bank of San Jose), for Ger
trude II. and Paul P. Austin, to San Joss Ab
stract Company (a corporation). 751 D. 167.
lot on SE corner of Eighteenth and Linden
streets, S 71:8 by E 100, block 695. Market
Street Tract. Note — This- deed Is given under
a transfer of trusts, Oakland; % .
Ella H. Hughes to Leon F. and Isabella E.
Harvey, lot on W line of Madison street, 120
S of Lake. S 90 by W 130, portion tract 263.
Whltcher's map. Oakland; $9000.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to John R. Green, lot on N line of Felton
street, 160 W from west line of right of way
of California and Nevada Railroad Company,
¦W 45 by N 1*4, portion amended map, J. W.
Crawtford Tract. Oakland: $1000.
Charles T. and Ella. B. Kerns to Adelaide
Perrln. lot 19 on map of resubdlvlslon Peralta
Park. Berkeley: J10.
John M .and Emma S. Foy to the Phi Gam
ma Delta Hall Association (a corporation), lot
on S line of Haste street. 175 E of Bowdltch.
E 62:6 by S 120. block 8. map of property Col
lego Homestead Association, Berkeley; $2500.
H. A. and Christine S. Pleltner to Henry
H. and Susan E. Johnston, lota 38 to 43, map
'of-Pleitner Height3 Tract. Brooklyn Township;
$1500.
Hannah P. Stearns to Georga A. Scott, lot
on NE corner of Thlrty-flrst and Market
streets. E 115 by N 40. lot 25, block 3033. F.ow
, land Tract, Oakland; $1000.
Susie L. and H. B. Belden to William T.
Harris, lot on NW lln» of Union street. 1S5
N of Eighth. N 23 by W .113. block 549 on of
ficial map. Oakland; $10.
George A. and Alice M. Scott to William H.
and Annie McDonald, lot on NE corner cf
Thlrty-flrst and Market streets. E 115 by N
40. lot 25, block 2033, Rowland Tract. Oakland;
J15C0.
Union Savings Bank to Jane Coyne, lot on
N line of Forty-fourth street. 240 E of West.
E 50 by N 100.- lot 25. block 2102, Alden Tract at
Temeacal. Oakland: $420.
Charles B. and Eva M. Miller to J. B. Lank
tree, all interest In lot on W line of Adeline
street. 24:4 S of Third. S 26:6 by W 53:3. block
445, Brings Tract. Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Alice B. and Joseph B. Davy to Charles B.
Foot, lot 20, La Loma. Park. Berkeley; $1000.
John Marlon to Kate Marion, lots 1 to 8
and 37, Map of Pleltner Heights Tract. Brook
lyn Township: gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Trading .was fairly active • on the morning
session of the, Bond Exchange. Gas and Elec
tric was firmer at $415r45 and Hawaiian Com
mercial at $32. .Oceanic sold at $46- Honokaa
was lower at $29@29 23.
In the, afternoon Hawaiian Commercial was
higher at $54 50@55 • and Hutchinson lower at
$20 50@20 25. . -• • -
- - The oil stocks continued quiet and feature
less. ¦'. ".*¦ •- . . .
' The Alaska' Packers* Association will pay a
dividend of 75c per share to-day. , -
The Sierra Railway Company will pay the
¦¦ semi-annual coupon of $3 to-day.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has' passed its dividend. -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. April 11— 2 P. m.
-.* V \ UNITED ' STATES BOXDS.
Bid. Ask. I BId.Ask.
4s coupon .113%114Vi Ms coup (new).133 139%
4s registered.. 113%114 13s quar coup..lH%112U
. ;_C' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3H — Oceanic ES Is. — 106%"
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116% — OmCR 6s.... 123% —
C C Water 5s.lO9% — Pac G Imp 4s. — —
E L & P 6s...l2S%133% Pk& Cl K 6s.lO5 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.U0 — P14OR 6S..117 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powell-st R 6s. 120 —
'Haw C 5%s...lO6»4 — SEG&Rts. — 101
Haw C-Es!....102 — 8 F ,& SJV 58.118% —
L A R R 8s. ..112. -113U S R of Cal 63.110 .— - -
LA L Co 6s.. — 102 S P R of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 . (1909) — "»*?
Do gntd 5s. .100 — * Do (1910) — 114%
L A P R R^s.10214 — S P C 69 (1903,
Market-st C 6s.l26% — Series A)....106H —
Do 1st c -6s.. 121% — Do (Series B)107% —
N C N G R 7s — 113% Do (1908) U0 •— .
N R of Cal 63.113 — Do (1912) — - —
N R of Cal 5s.- — 118% S P. C 1st g 5S.106U —
N P R R 6S..101V4 — S P Br R 6s. .132 —
KPRR5S..-. 108% S V Water 63.113 114%
N'C R 5s..... ,111% — Do 4s — 104%
O G L & H 5sllO% — Do 3d .mtg.. — 103%
Oak Tr Co 6s.. — — . Stkn G & E 6slOO —
Oak W CO 5s.. 101% —
. "? •"\.WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73 I Spring Valley. — 90
Marin County. 53 s * — I
», GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 •"•¦— Pao Lt Co 43 —
Equit Gas. 3# 3% Sac E G & R. — fc —
Mut Elec Lt.: — 6% S F Q & E.... 44* —
OGL&H... — B2 San Francisco 4M 4#
Pac Gas Imp.. — 40% Stktn G & E-. — .14 ;
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.235 250 Jtfi
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 73 79 Lon P & A.. ..146 —
Bank of Cal.. .410 . — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO6 — ¦' S F Natlonal..l20 125
1st N of S F.. - 312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
German '.. 1330 1900 Sav & Loan — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual .'. 50 — Union Trust — —
S F Sav U 515 ¦ —.¦¦_-
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st . — 140 • O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47% — Presidio — —
Market-st ..... 69% 70
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co— 81 IVigorit — 3%
SUGAR STOCKS.
HanaPlan.... 7% 8 Kllauea 20 —
Haw Com 64%— Makawell 39%'—
Honokaa 29% 29% Onomea 26% 27
Hutch S P 20 — Paauhau 29 29%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack..l2l£124^|Oceanlc S S Co 48 —
Cal Fruit Can. — — |Pac A FA .... 2 —
Cal Win Assn.100 — I Pac C Bor Co.152%133%
Mer Ex Assn..lO5 — |Par Paint Co. 16 —
Morning Session.
v '- •'-;*¦ Board—
15 California Fruit Canners' 98 00
10 California Wine Association ICO 00
'' 100 Equitable Gas, cash ". 3.12%
50 Hana Plantation Co 7 CO
5 Hawaiian Comerclal & Sugar 52 00
100 Honokaa S Co 29 00
150 Honokaa S Co 29 25
25 Honokaa S Co, cash.... 29 25
75 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co... 20 00
200 Makawell : 39 CO
25 Makaweli 39 25
225 Makawell 39 12%
120 Market St Railway 69 75
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal, ope bonds... 118 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 46 00
2 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 45 00
200 S. F. Gas & Electric Co... T... 44 00
- 60 Spring Valley Water 89 87%
62 Spring Valley Water ..-. 90 00
1 Spring 'Valley Water .:.............. 89 75
- Street— - -
150 Market St Railway 69 75
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 44 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
15 Contra Costa Water 73 00
100 Equitable Gas 3 12%
10 Hawaiian Commercial' & Sugar . 64 50
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar..:. 55 00.
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 64 75 <
$15,000 Hawaiian C & S Co, 6 p c bonds. 102 00
175 Honokaa C S Co ,.. 29 50
50 Hutchinson S P Co.... 20 50
10 Hutchinson S P Co 20 37%
40 Hutchinson S P Co 20 35
170 Makawell : 39 50
40 Market • St Railway 69 73
$10,OCO-,Northern Ry of Cal, 5 p c bonds. 113 50
?lG00_Oakland Transit' Co., 6 p c bonds. 116 75
200 Paauhau- B P Co 29 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Eoard—
100 Boar Flag 13
OV) California Standard 42
1100 Caribou 70
4(J0 'Hanford, Fresno, Kern River 15
250 Home ¦ 3 80
10O0 Independence (cash) : 19
500 Independence ; 39
1000 Independence (b 30) ;....... ¦ 20
800 Lion 19
100 Monte Cristo 2 45
300 Petroleum Center 15
100 Reed Crude :... 60
175 Yukon 30
Street—
1000 Four 51
60 Sterling '.. 2 05
Afternoon Session.
Hoard—
60 El Oro 53
15 Homestake 7 50
500 Independence ;.." 19
250 Junction- S3
2000 Lion 18
2000 Lion (s 90) :. 17
850 McKlttrick Consolidated 15
103 Monarch of Arizona 63
' 300 Occidental of West ¦Virginia........ • 60
2S0O Oil City Petroleum: '26
400 Petroleum Center 15
COO Reed Crude 59
200 Reed Crude 51
100 Rex .: » 40
100 Shamrock 78
SAN FRANCISCO OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
KO Four^Oll Co B0
500 Junction ., 65
20 Kern River 1125
600 Lion 19
SCO Monarch of Arizona 62
300 Monarch of Arizona (b 60) E4
Afternoon Session. .
Board —
500 Caribou 7*
100 Kern Oil .¦...;..... 7 23
COO Monarch of Arizona (s 30).. 50
3.VH) Monarch of Arizona .".V.r.......H33
COO Monarch of Arizona (s 60) SI
100 Reed Crude 61
100 Sterllnc . 2 OS
MINING STOCKS,
Morning Session.
: Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
300 Be? t & Belch »r, 191 100 Mexican 13
600 Chollar 121
• ' Afternoon Sssslon. j
. 50 Caledonia ...... 76 2C0 Hale & Norcrs. 28
100 Caledonia ...... 77 900 Justice 02
200 Con Cal & Va.'.2 13 100 Mexican .". 31
100 Con Cal & Va..2 10 ICO Ophir 72
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDA^T, APRIL 12, "190 li
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures:
CHICAGO, ,' April 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
11,500. , Choice _ cattle Bteady.i to [Strong;; others
slow. Good to prime steers; JS@6; poor, to me
dium,' $3 S0@4 90;' stockers* and 1 feeders, ') $2 75@
4 75; cows. $2 75ig-4 50; : heifers, '* $2 75@4 70; • can-
8
STATIONS.
I Last | This |
,24 Hours' Season, j
| Last
I Season
Eure
Red
Sacr;
San
Fres:
Ind«»;
San
San
eka
Bluff
-amemo
Francisco..
-no
>l>endenee ...
Luis Oblspc
Angeles
Diego .'.
o...
. I.
I
.... 41.49
.... 22.67
17.50
18.99
10.3S
5.80
.... 27.S8
.... 14.17
10.55
46.04
20.29
16.00
17.6S
7.36
S.S1
15.10
5.71
3.41
STATIONS.
I Last | This |
,24 Hours' Season, j
| Last
I Season
Eure
Red
Sacr;
San
Fres:
Ind«»;
San
San
eka
Bluff
-amemo
Francisco..
-no
>l>endenee ...
Luis Oblspc
Angeles
Diego .'.
o...
. I.
I
.... 41.49
.... 22.67
17.50
18.99
10.3S
5.80
.... 27.S8
.... 14.17
10.55
46.04
20.29
16.00
17.6S
7.36
S.S1
15.10
5.71
3.41
I BEST SECURITY GIVEN. 1 1
I WESKOiST INVESTMENT CO., 1 1
I 118 PHBLAN BUILDING, 1 1
'J^HZl _^_J^g^^M i !^ . BOO&EfeS-ADV-^-F j3JOSEPH FRIEDLANDER AND
HIS BRIDE. WHO WAS MISS
SCHWARZSCHILD.
Mrs. Folger gave a magnificent dlnne*
party Wednesday evening at her home on
Pacific avenue. This was the first
portunity Mrs. Folger has had to greet
her friends since her extended European
bridal tour. Covers were laid for thirty
six, and an elaborate menu was enjoyed.
Mrs. Folger's Dinner.
The Easter floral cantata and fancy
dress ball that was given Tuesday evening
by Ivy Chapter of the Order of the East
ern Star in Golden Gate Hall wa3 at
tended by nearly 500 ladies and their es
corts. Many of the ladles were attired
in beautifu 1 fancy costumes and others
wore most handsome gowns.
The floral cantata presented bet-ween
the -third and fourth dances was an as
semblage of favorite • flowers, represented
by ladles of the chapter. The choice mu
sical numbers of the cantata were: Solo.
"Every Rose Must Have Its Thorn." by
Miss Florence Perkins, and "The Bridal
of the Birds." a auartet, by Mrs. F. Per
kins, Mrs. Gordon, Mrs. James E. Gordon
and Mrs. G. Norton. The others who took
part were: Mrs. Andrew Hendry. Mrs.
Oscar Hlckel, Mrs. Ivy Perkins and Mrs.
Eugene B. Grace. They were directed by-
Mrs. M. L. Reddick.
The affair was managed by Roy T. Kim
ball. Mrs. Christian Sommers. Mra. Frank
McGowan, Dr. James M. Gassaway, Mrs.
Henry E. Holmes, Colonel George W.
Bauer. Mrs. Abby Saulsbury. Henry As
croft, Mrs. Samuel Bonifleld, Captain John
Stofen, Mrs. Emilie Strouse, Donald Mc-
Kay, Mrs. Frank Marston, El win W.
Gates, Colonel Charles H. Murphy, Frank
Marston, Dr. Daniel Steele. Samuel C
Wallis and Richard Hunt.
Gate Hall on Tuesday
Evening.
FLORAL CANTATA BY IVY
CHAPTER EASTERN STAR
Delightful Function Given in Golden
CHICAGO. April 11.— Federal authorities
have ordered the flow of the Chicago Rlv- ¦
er reduced from 300,000 to 200,000 cubic feet
a minute. "Word to this effect came from
Washington to the Sanitary Board to-day.
The board will act immediately upon re
ceipt of the official order and the current
will not be increased before the channel
has been widened and deepened and exist
ing obstructions to navigation have been
removed.
This action on the part of the War De
partment was brought about by theipro
test of local river Interests and the Lake
Carriers' Association, which, since the
opening of the big canal, have complained
that the 300,000 cubic feet provided by law
was dangerous to navigation under pres
ent conditions.
Local authorities are apprehensive of
the effect It may have upon the St. Louis
litigation. With the full flow to dilute the
sewage carried down the canal from the
Chicago River, the board had no fear of
the charge that Chicago was polluting the
water supply of St. Louis. In view of the
action of the War Department, the out
come of St. Louis* appeal to the courts is
doubtful. If the Legislature passes the
bill authorizing the commission to collect
one-half of one per cent tax to be used for
the improvement of the river it is believed
the current can be increased gradually
after September, as the work of widening
and deepening the channel progresses.
Otherwise it -will be four or five years be
fore relief can be obtained. ¦ * <
Action Brought About by the Protest
' of Local River Interests That
Present Flow Is Danger- -k>
vx: .<ous to Navigation. ; *
Federal Authorities Order
Current of the Water
way Reduced.
MUST CHECK
CHICAGO RIVER
9
Robert W. Kentzall. who for, a number
of years was , an: efficient officer in .-. the
service of the Police Department . of . this
city, passed away. /Wednesday at his resi
dence, 3462 Eighteenth street.. Death re
sulted from. a severe cold contracted sev
eral months ago and which was.net prop
erly cared for.
Death of a Police Officer.
S SEATTLE.' April 11,— Colonel J. ¦ C. Mc-
Cook; United; States Consul ; for. the Klon
cHKe. .whose ; dangerous gj illness . was an
nounced, in Dawson - advices a*, few days
ago. is reported dead by the White Horse
Tribune of April '4. On that date the pa
per published -.-what purported to be a
Dawson special to the effect that the Con
sul had died of pneumonia.* However, the
same day the-"White Horse - agent- of . the
White Pass and Yukon. Railroad .told "A.
J. Morris of Dawson ¦ that the announce
ment was .• premature; » that Colonel - Me-
Cooki was still alive but at .death's door.
. Colonel • McCook is . said . to . have con
tracted " -pneumonia -while -returning to
Dawson from his Philadelphia home. -.-..•:
REPORJCajjOF THE DEATH , ' «
¦\, ;V OF AT :i>AWS0N
OAKLAND, April 11.— Alexander . Mc-
Kenzle. the ex- Nome receiver, . who is
serving out a year's sentence in the Ala
meda County Jail, is not dyingas'was
reported. He is in- the -enjoyment of the
best of health. and spends his time roam-
Ing about' the corridors of the. jail.-. The
rumor of his ill-health Is due to the efforts
of his lawyers to secure his pardon "from
the President on Ihe ground that con
finement will causejiisdeath^ .; i
McKenzle Is'Wot.-HL
I The' annual, spring exhibition of ¦ the
California ,- State .. Floral Society, -, which
will " take plale ;May . 16, 17 and 18 at the
north wing of the grand nave of the ferry
building bids-fair to -furnish a magnifi
cent general display -of the floral produc
tions of this coast.- - This exhibition will in
all ,- probability eclipse all former floral
shows. - Floral '.contributions .'from all
parts of the State- are expected. ' In pre
paring. the premium list the committee of
arrangements ,'has .decided to. recognize
three . classes of exhibitors-^-prof esslonal
growers, amateurs, :and dealers.* .
The State Floral Society is also making
arrangements- for a. floral congress of the
Pacifle States,' to be in session during the
week- of , the floral' show.' An . active • and
efficient committee. has been appointed to
carry. out the programme, which will have
the floral show -as its : most " important
feature. " ¦ T -' • ; ¦-.¦:'
FLORAL SOCIETY PREPARES
FOR : ITS ANNXJAL SHO W
Mrs.. Catherine. Coarum. who shot and
killed Charles McDaniels or Dennlson in
her house, 1133% Clay • £freet, Tuesday
night, appeared in Judge. Conlan's court
yesterday on the charge of murder. She
was instructed . as to her rights, and by
consent the case was continued until next
Tuesday mornlngr.' Patrick Clancy,, who is
employed as watchman at • the' Haggin
home, which Is directly opposite the house
where the crime was committed,, told- the
police; yesterday- that he heard the shots
about half-past 10 o'clock Tuesday night,'
which contradicts the woman's statement
that the shooting . occurred at 8 o'clock
that night. •
Catherine Coarum Contradicted.
"Wedding invitations and visiting cards.
Orders received in stationery department
and promptly executed in the very latest
style and at moderate prices. Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market street: .. •
Goodwin, a mine 'owner of You' Bet, . Ne
vada County, is i making a record as a
lucky fisherman... '\ A few days since he
went out with' his fishing-rod and in dig
ging- for - bait lit ; an old : cut where there
was a gravel channel - he dug up a large
ring of solid gold. On the top it bears
the harp of "Erin, surrounded by three
leaved shamrocks, and inside the golden
circlet, is- the inscription^ "M. M>H.",.Tbe
owner rwas- probably M. : M. Higgins, who
lived "¦at-", You- Bet many years; ago. The
ring Is of ' a pattern ,of forty years ago
and Its "marks of nationality are in ac
cord with that. of. the late Mr. Hi&gins.
The - intrinsic value 'of -the ring: is. given
by a local jeweler' to be at least $40.
' On Tuesday night. when .< again angling
In a brook by the jVillage Goodwin dis
covered a quartz "•- ledgre. Jerry. -"just
dropped •' the , 'flshpole- and scrambled
down into the ravine, where he extracted
a water- washed piece of quartz . cqvered
with pure gold. .The nugget is - worth
about $25.\ : _ .:.:.,,-:; :. Y;v.\
GRASS VALLEY," April 11.— Jerry S.
WHEN". SEEKING FISH
A sensation was caused in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday afternoon when Fred
Heitmeyer, 2517 Bush rtreet, one of the
jurors in the case*of "Major" Edwin Lew
is, on trial for forgery, fainted in the Jury
box and was carried out of court. Ha
soon revived, but" the Judge under the'cir
cumstances adjourned t court until this
morning.
It is a part of the defense that Lewis is
mentally irresponsible and Dr. Franklin
B. Lord was one of the witnesses in- that
regard. Lord. testified that Lewis was a
sufferer from strangulated hernia and it
had the effect of superinducing mental ab
erration. C. "W. Marwedel, a juror, ques
tioned the accuracy of the witness* diag
nosis. and Lord went into a lengthy ex
planation of the eVil results from stran
gulated hernia and heinia. Heitmeyer
turned deathly pale and with a gasp faint
ed. Bailiff Windrow and other attaches
of the court carrjed Heitmever into the
Judge s chambers and after some cold wa
ter was forced down his throat he soon
revived and was led back to the court
room./ He explained to the Judge that he
had been a sufferer ¦ from hernia and the
statements of Lord had so worked upon
him that he lost all consciousness. He
tried to ask for some water but his voica
failed him.
Sensational Scene in Judge Lawlor's
Court During the Lewis
' Trial. >
DIAGNOSIS OF A CASE
MAKES A JUROR FAINT
• Mrs. Mary Marvin, who was Injured a
few days agt> by beinp struck with a lamp
thrown at her. so ehe claimed, by Maggie
Pfaft. died at St. Mary's Hospital early
yesterday morning. Mrs. Marvin was a
native of California. 23 years of age. Mrs.
Pfaft has been arre6ted and charged with
murder. , . .'""V'i"
Injuries Prove Fatal.
GARDNER NOT TO BE
TRAINED BY BERNSTETN
Pugilists Have a Palling Out and
Separate — Reasons for the
Split-Up.
Joe Bernstein, the New. York feather
weight, will not train Oscar Gardner for
his .coming battle with Terry McGovern^.
The' coldness that was noticeable between
the two men since their arrival here has
become a veritable snowstorm and now
the tw«r go different ways. The trouble
between the pair is of long standing.
Gardner gained a decision over Bernstein
many months ago, and when the i victor
was 'matched with McGovern in this city
it was thought they had buried all (differ
ences. Bernstein, however, has an" ambi
tion to meet McGovern again. He fought
twice with the Brooklyn wonder and. lost
on both occasions, but, he still thinks he
can lower the champion's colors. Gard
ner was aware of this and a feeling of
hostility has sprung up between them.
The breach has widened and now Gard
ner must train without Bernstein's as
sistance.
It is understood that rivalry was not
the only reason for the falling out. Bern
stein was engaged in New York to train
Gardner and believed he had full charge.
He prescribed a set of rules to be fol
lowed by Oscar, but the latter rebelled.
Bernstein was opposed to the presence of
Gardner's wife at the training quarters,
but his quiet suggestion that the lady oc
cupy other quarters went unheeded.
Bercsteln will remain in this city In the
hope of getting on a. battle with Toby
Irwin or some other man in his class.
GEORGE McGINN HUBT
BY HAIGHT-STBEET CAS
Atempts to Cross the Track and Is
Knocked Down and
Dragged.
George McGinn, residing at 20*6 Twelfth
f trec-t. was knocked down and dragged by
car 180 of the Haight-street line last night
and received injuries that rendered him
unconscious and may prove fatal. The
accident occurred on Market street, near
Franklin.
Gripman B. C. Ellis said when he first
paw the man he was standing a few feet
away from the track.
"Juet as I got within a few feet of
where he was standing." said the grip
man, "he turned suddenly and started to
croe* the track. I tried to stop the car,
hut it struck him and knocked him down.
The car went ahead about four feet after
it struck him.". : .
¦ McGinn was taken to th« Receiving Hos
pital, but he could not be revived. At a
late hour he was still unconscious and the
doctors fear his injuries are fatal. The
injured man Is well known, having at one
time held the position of commissary . at
the House of Correction. , >
Not too xnuch can be said of the hall
decorations. They vrcre beautiful. It was
like going into fairyland. There were
myriads of» lights peeping from beneath
foliage and mellowing through soft Jap
anese papers, gmllsx entwined the chan
deiiec*- and fixtures There was hardly
a spot not covered with 6prays of Chero
kee roses. Lady Banksias. snowballs,
branches of magnoiia and .fan and date
ALAMEDA, April lL-It Is hard to
reconcile "standing room only"
with a card tournament., yet it
was necessary to do so this even
ing with the function for charity
• arrarged by the civic section of the Adel
phiari Club. Harmonie Hall held 500
chairs and 125 tables, yet they were in
adequate to seat the people who wanted
to play cards. It devolved upon the over
flow to employ itself by assisting the lady
managers in looking after the details of
the great undertaking. The lady man
agers are wondering what they would
have done if every one who bought tickets
had come, for a good many more than 500
tickets were sold by solicitation before
hand. But luck was with them, as it
should be for such a commendable cause
as a "free bed," and they had' no reason
to worry. There is joy among them, for
now they have a nucjeus for a fund that
is bound to grow and perpetually support
a charity that is a charity In every sense
of the word. • * .•
The two large upstairs rooms of the hall
were turned over to the whist players,
who greatly outnumbered those who came
to play euchre. Mrs. Dr. G. C. Bull and
Mrs. G. A. Moore were responsible for the
whist rules and they depended upon the
stentorian voices of Dr. C. L. Tisdale and
Charles Gardner to inform the players
how they were expected to play.
In the banquet-room of the hall the
euchre players pored over the cards. . Mrs.
W. A. Bissell and Mrs. R. H. Swayne
formulated the rules for these players.
G. ¦ T. "Wright did not have to raise his
voice while explaining them for there was
not a large number of euchre players.
Promptly at 8:30 o'clock the word was
given for the "sharps" to begin play.
• Then for two hours 500 people were ab-'
sorbed in the fascinating intricacies of
whist and euchre. It was interesting t3
.watch the concentration when the signal
announced that play had . commenced
pgain after each interval. Then when the
signal to "progress" was given the bustle
and hum following relaxation would en-
Mrs. Dr. G. C. Bull, Mrs. Amos Mecartney,
Mra. A. Victors. Mrs. R. A. McGurn, Mrs. P.
S. Teller, Mrs. Robert McChesney, Mrs. Dr.
Henry M. Pond. Mrs. C. L. Tisdale, Mrs. W.
A. Bissell. Mrs. G. A. Moore, Mrs. R. A.
Swayne, Mrs. Dr. C. L. Tisdale, Mrs. S. A.
O'Neill. Mrs. G. A. Tyson and Mrs. S. "M.
Haslett.
As the players wended their way into
the hall they were met and directed to
the tables by the lady managers, assisted
by the young ladies, who afterward acted
as scorers. The managers were the fol
lowing named:
palms. It was under the trained hands
of Miss Lucca Buch, assisted by Mrs.
Amos Mecartney, Miss Meta Mecartney,
Miss Star and others, that this was
brought about. There were many excla
mations of delight from the. card-players
at the beauty of the scene.
Directed by Zi&dy Managers.
Whist— First, Miss M. Knapp, cut glass
bowl; second, W. More Young; third. Miss
Ethel Bates; fourth, F. W. Vogt ; fifth, Mrs.
W. . F. McNIcoll; sixth, Miss Day; seventh.
Sidney Haslett; eighth, Mrs. S. B. Conner;
ninth; Mrs. A. C. Peterson* tenth. Miss Alma
Schroeder; eleventh, J. A. Sidney; twelfth. J.
M. Taylor; thirteenth, Mrs. 4 T. W. Leydecker;
fourteenth. E. Miner Smith; fifteenth. Miss A.
Miller: sixteenth; Klah Hamilton; seventeenth,
Mrs. H. L. A. Bates: eighteenth." George H.
Murdock; nineteenth, F. A. Dinsmore.
Euchre— First, Miss M. Martin, cut glass
bowl; second, Mrs. Taplln; third, Mrs. L.' Big
ler; -fourth. Mrs. A. N. Lewis; fifth, Mrs.
Laura Medbury; sixth,'-' Mrs. Emma Gibbs;
seventh. F. C. .Howe; eighth. Felton Taylor;
ninth, Fred Clark; tenth, Mrs. : Dana; elev
enth. Miss Florence Landsburger. ¦ -, - ¦••
When play ended at 10:30 o'clock: the
cards were gathered up and the: scorers
began to add the players' points. In a
few moments the result was announced
by Dr. C. L. Tisdalc from the platform,
where all the handsome prizes, donated
by friends of the civic section, were dis
played upon a table. As the names of the
prize-winners . . were called off applause
greeted them.
Winners of Prizes.
The winner*- of prizes follow:
Misses Edith and Roberta Clay, Misses Mlg
ron and Myrtle Mecartney. Mrs. Charles Gard
ner Miss Elsie -Victors,* Miss Elsa Epstein,
Miss Marie Victors, Miss Gertrude Livingston,
Misses Jean and* Gabrielle Carpentler, Miss
Georgie Mores, Miss Mary Pond, Miss Stella
Kindred. Mls3 Fenn 'Wheeler. Miss G. A. Foye,
Miss Nettle Howell, Miss Stella Pattlanl. Miss
Mamie Chappel, - Miss Eva Fisher, Miss Grace
Cook, Miss Florence O'Neill, Miss Alice Rossi
ter Miss Louise Bartless, Miss Grace McCor
rnlck Miss Ethel Brown and Miss Violet Fran
cis. - •"•- ;. . ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦; • • — ¦
sue for a moment and so on until the final
round. ¦ •
At the epd of each game the players
would *remain just long enough in their
seats to have the scorers punch the num
ber of points in their pretty score cards.
Not a mistake was made by. any of the
young ladies whose duty it was to mark
the scores and. everybody was satisfied
with the result, ever, if they 4id not win
a prize. The scorers, who were chaperoned
by Mrs. Dr. Henry M.. Pond, were the fol
lowing named:
t
FAIR SCORERS "WHO OFFICIATED
AT THE WHIST, AND EUCHRE
TOURNAMENT.
"I bought him a* ticket ' to New 'York
and also fitted him^out with some cloth
ing. -I offered to have some clothing made
? for him as the only' ready-made suits to
be had .were of light weight, but; he* did
not dare to remain.- When Funston;ar
rived in New York, January 17, 1898, a
blizzard was howling through the streets
and:, he must have shivered as he limped
down the gangplank... 'After his return to
Kansas war talk wasih*tbe air.. He was
appointed the colonel : of a regiment and
you know the rest. * / -.
"Thirty-six years ago yesterday/ 1 sur
rendered my cavalry command to the
commander of the lUnion army at the
close of the Civil War. If you. had told
me on that day that in thirty-six years'
"time I should hold the rank of- a brigadier
general in the United States army I would
not. have, believed: it. We can never tell
what the future has in store for us."
"Yes, I remember Funston very well,"
said Lee. "One ' morning when I was
Consul General . in Havana a hungry,
hunted-lookirig chap appeared in my of
fice. As he entered he glanced around as
though he was expecting a policeman to
arrest him any minute. However,'- when
he realized that he was walking on Amer
ican soil he braced up. He said his name
was Furrston and>t"hat he had been fight
ing with the insurgents for a year and a
half and that he -was sick and wounded.
"When he first _came In I was suspicious
of him as at that time I was getting three
or four letters a day threatening, my life,
as. the feeling agains I the United' States
was growing more bitter daily. I became
interested : in Funston. however, ¦ and ad
mired his grit. 'I knew that if*the Span
iards learned who he was they Would ar
rest him • and take him to Moro Castle,
where he would be placed against! a wall
and a volley of musketry, would end him.
Funston with a Mauser^ bullet through
his lungs, his hip broken by his horse be
ing shot under him and his' constitution
shattered by fever had made his way to
the coast. ¦ ¦ : yj\- ¦ 'I.'. -.'- -v ', : - ;;-••:,¦
General ' Fitzhugh Lee was in- a remin
iscent mood yesterday and told. a good
story, on General Funston. ¦ , ; :
General Fitzhugh Lee Tells
Good Story on the Dash
ing Brigadier.
WHEN FUNSTON
WAS A FUGITIVE
Mr. and .Mrs." Friedlander will go East
for the honeymoon, and on. their return
will take up their residence In this city. .
:TT- ¦ ». ¦ • -.
-prESTERDAT- afternoon "at the
\i / home of the bride's mother on
'. \\/ J ; Buchanan street '-¦. Miss Adele
JJL ¦ Schwarzschild and Joseph Fried
lander-"--were married, the Rev»
Dr. Voorsangerj officiating. It was an ex
tremely quiet wedding owing to the recent
death of the ' bride's father, Louis
Schwarzschild; In response to verbal invi
tations • the immediate relatives of both
the contracting parties assembled. at the
bride's home to witness the ceremony.
The drawing-room of the residence was
prettMy decorated for the occasion with
fruit blossoms. In the bay-window a
bower of white blossoms was erected, and
there, with the holy Sabbath lamp swing
ing over their, heads, the happy young
couple were married. v ¦ *-'
Neither bride nor groom was attended.
The bride wore an exquisite gown of
white crepe de chine. A veil and orange
.blossoms completed the costume. .
Mr. Friedlander is the cashier of the
Anglo-Calif ornian . Bank and the nephew
of its president, Jgnatz Steinhart The
bride is the daughter of- Mrs. Amalla
Schwarzschild and deservedly very popu
lar in her set. \;. , • • • ;
James Fleming, president ; , . Louis "W. Buck
ley, director general; H.' R." Levey.' Joseph
Ingersoll. vice president; James H. Boyd, sec
retary; AY". A. Boren. treasurer/' .
* Executive committee — James Fleming-, chair
man; George M.- Cooley. finance; Hon. J. B.
Gill, reception; J. E. Rich, music L and mid
way; 'Joseph Israel, advertising; George M
Stevens, boths: Al McRae, decorations and
lighting; C. W.- Foy, carnival -and queen's
contest;. J. "W.- Catick, parades and -sprints;
G. A. v- Atwood, agricultural; E. J^Gllbert,
tickets."- .*;-.:. l ¦"¦ • . ; ' .' .
Twenty-eighth Agricultural S P»ir— I.' 'W.
Lord, president; E. . J. "Gilbert,' secretary.
- Baby coach parade— Mrs, ,/G. A. "Atwood
chairman; Miss , Barton/ Mrs.- E.: H. Suddarth,
Mrs. W.-> H. Parsons, \ Mrs. George Renwiok.
Floral '.parade^Mrs.- <James Fleming, chair
man; Mrs. Allen, Mrs. G. Pierce. . Mrs. : S. H.
Carson, , Mrs.- George M. Cooley.'
President's entertainment— Mrs. James Flem
ingr. chairman; Mrs. CM. Hanf, Mrs. CD.
Schlott. Mrs. J. ¦ B. Gill, Mrs. L. Horowitz,
Mrs. H. R._Levy. . .' ,.¦--¦¦ .' .-.- r :
The general officers of the street fair
are:'-: ... -> .-¦.¦¦ , v - -s
Woman's 1 press . department— Miss ' | Winifred
Martin, chairman; I Mrs. . C. '"E. Dunscombe
Mrs. B..F. Bledsoe.' .¦ . . . .-,-
Baby ' Bbow— Mrs. Georg-e ' Glsh; chairman-
Mrs. A. A. Butterworth, Mrs. Hisom.
Children's fancy dresses— Mies "Victoria Katz
chairman; Mrs. Harry Hail, Miss Olive Schem
erhorn,' Miss Vale. ¦ ' •• ••• '•?. • • . . -. . .
. Decorating- Queen's thrones-Mrs. J. H. Boyd,'
chairman; Mrs. ¦O/.Whitlock, Miss May Brazel
ton.'Mrs. Xjevlnffs. -.-. ¦¦¦'-. ...;•;,* -'.,.,... .,-.
SAN BERNARDINO, April ll.-The San
Bernardino merchants will ' take advant
age of. the proposed visit of President
McKinley to , Southern California' next
month by. holding, a street fair, the dates
being set from the 2d to the 7th . of May.
This will be- a combination something on
the plan of a three-ringed cft-cus. The old
fashioned horticultural and agricultural
fair of the Twenty-eighth Agricultural
District, theup-to-date street fair with its
booths along the streets, Mnd that form of
outdoor amusements- which thrives only
in southern countries and is called, for
want of a better name, a carnival, will
all be incorporated into 'one jubilee cele
bration. -: .,".-
The carnival features will be made man
ifest, through its queen and court, floral
parade, maskers night, coronation, car
nival ball and other amusements. A free
vaudeville show; on the street will -be the
principal feature of the street fair section
and over and- above will be the recep
tion to the Ch-lef Magistrate of the United
States and his Cabinet. > A large commit
tee of the prominent men and women of
San Bernardino has been formed to assist
in receiving and entertaining- President
McKinley and, if possible, he will review
the floral parade. . " . . . ,,,-. : *
The selection of the queen of the' carni
val has been left to popular choice. A
nominating committee of nine' society
ladies interviewed twelve handsome; 'gra
cious and popular young matrons and
maids, obtaining their consent to be can
didates and to serve should one be elected.
The young ladies to be voted for are:
Mrs. John Anderson Jr., Miss Lulu Claire
Babr. Miss Nellia Brown, Miss Adele Car
son, Mrs. Frank Cooley,- Miss Nettie Dav
idson, Miss May Dexter, Mrs. Frank Don
np.tln, ,Miss Lottie Frith, Miss Marion
Kendall, Miss Isabel Smith, Miss Mary
Stephenson and Miss Jessie "Weimar. -
There will beat least thirty -persons in
the* queen's court, and they will be beau
i tifully . costumed for the occasion. The
queen will be crowned; on Thursday even
ing, May 2. She will-be tendered a public
reception by.. the ladles of. San Bernardino
on Woman's day, Monday, May 6. I
j .The,, women's department <5f the street
fair has been organized as f ollowa:
• -MrW... H. -M. Barton,; President; Mrs. R.' F.
Garner, vice president; Mrs. S. S. Draper sec
retary. ¦¦ • - - • . ¦ . : : ¦,• ¦ • -
I Nominating- . committee— Mrs. H, M. Barton,
Mrs.'R. F. Garner, Mrs. J, B. Mullen, Mrs L
H. Curts.j Mrs. G. A. Atwood. •-¦¦-. ¦;
Queen's coronation— Mrs; W. H. Stiles, chalr
i man;. Mrs. J. B. Gill, Mrs. R. F. ' Garner. Mrs ¦
R. C. Harbinson,, Mrs. G. ¦ B.. Rowell.- Mrs. R,
; J. Jones. " • -•." " *;i'---^
i ' Queen's reception— Mra.^R. F. Garner, chalr
: man; Mrs. I. H. Curtis, : Mrs.- J. B. Mullen
-Mrs. A. G. Kendall^ Mrs.- J. L.. Campbell, Mrs.
Special 'Dispatch to The Cali.
San Bernardino Will Have
a Flower Carnival and
:¦":¦¦ \ Street Pair.
PLANS A FETE
FOR McKINLEY
Several years after Mrs. Griswpld heard
of Clark's death and advertised for some
one to adopt the little orphan girl. The
Elliotts responded, and on August 21, 1878,
were granted p&pers of adoption by a
court of San Francisco. In 1S97 the El
liotts learned that Imbray Clark had left
a fortune of $25,000,000. to which there was
no heir, and began a fight for their fos
ter daughter's rights. The estate is tied
up in the English courts, and though hun
dreds of claimants have conm forward
none have been able to prove^laims to
the satisfaction of the British authorities.
Hug-h Haviland's little sister, Kate Hav
iland's other child, according to Lawyer
Goldwaithe of New York, was put by the
mother with foster parents. The girl
grew up, married Imbray Clark and went
West with him. In 1877 they went to San
Francisco and there a child was born.
"Within two weeks the delicate mother,
Kate Haviland's girl, died. The baby was
placed in the hands of. Mrs. Martha A.
Grlswold, superintendent of the Home for
the Friendless, by Imbray Clark, who
sailed almost immediately for Australia.
Hugh H. Havi'.and of Greenville is re
garded as that boy- That Kate Haviland.
was "Dr. Keattle", was, it is said, prac
tically established by witnesses in New
York and Brooklyn. But Hugh Haviland
is heir to but half the fortune. . A girl,
who is expected to divide it with him,
tirace M. Clark Elliott. Haviland's niece,
believes herself sole heiress of Imbray
Clark of Australia, who died worth $25,
000,000. " ¦ : !.-> • • s .
: LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 11.— The Cou
rier-Journal to-morrow will say: Hugh
J. Hayttand of Greenville, Ky., claims to
be one:] of the heirs of a fortune left by
Dr." Theodore, Keattle, who died at Punta
Gprda.jFla., in 1896. : Then it was discov
ered that the "doctor" was a woman and
that for thirty years she had masqueraded,
as a man. The woman was a mother.
Those who are supposed to know say that
in 1853 a little boy was placed in the Pro
testant . Episcopal Orphan 'Asylum • at
Louisville .jy ''Dr. Keattle," then confess
edly a woman, known as Kate Haviland.
The boy's name was. Hugh J> Haviland."
He was later bound out to a farmer and
finally rose to an independent position at
Greenville. ' - ' . .
Says He Is Her Dis
, h owned Son.
Woflian and Hugh. Haviland
Late ; Dr. Theodore Keattle Was a
Strange Romance Underlies
Alleged Heir's Demand
• for a Fortune;* ;
CLAIMS DOCTOR
AT HIS MOTHER
TH03 SAN FBANCISCO .CAIiL, v FRIDAY, APBtt 12, 1901.
Miss Adele Schwaraschild and Joseph Fried
. lander Quietly Harried at Bride's Homer
PLIGHTED THEIR TROTH
UNDER SABBATH LAMP
OVERFLOW CROWD IS DRAWN
BY THE CARD TOURNAMENT
o
Ne* ves iNeed Fuel
To feed the vital fires or they losgxthe power to regulate ind
control the body. Unnatural stimulants won't do* % Like an «r
blast 6a dying embers they cause a sudden flash of heat—^then
all is dead. &ve the nerves plenty of fuel, and the worry and
fretting, the headaches, the nervousness, loss of ''deep,', deranged
digestion, neuralgia, rheumatism . and heart troubles, that burn up
the brain substance and destroy • the nerve-force, will disappear
forever. -; Don't wait till the fircsare burned out. Begin now.
"I vtzm so nerrbus and restless that I. could get
little Bleep, and the headaches were something dreadful. ;
Pains would 6tart In the temples awT'travel down tho
• chords at the back of my neck to chest and anas..-
U>rt jjave no relief, but Dr. Miles 1 ITervJnc cured me.'*
Mrs. A. H. Wikjcak, German Valley.Ills,
creates a good appetite, stimulates digestion; < nuleto nerjw
ous Irritation, gives refreshing sleep and sends plenty of
fresh blood to the furnaces Of the brain and.nerTes, _,
gold fef druggists on euaranj«e. ; D»- "Mn.xs Medicai. Co.? Kncnart Icfl
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
SPECIAL PURCHASE
FOR SPOT CASH
From the Most-Renowned Manufacturer and Leading
* Importer In New York City.
2500 Ladies' New*"* Stylish Garments
Comprising
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits, Jackets.,
Ladies' BlacK Dress SKirts,
Ladies' Black and Colored Silk Waists.
Ladies' Black and Colored Petticoats, Etc.
QDFPIAI
2OO LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS in Black and Blue,
value for $10.00 and $12.50, sale'price, . . : . . . $5.00
20O % LADIES' CHEVIOT JACKETS, Tailor-made, value
for $7.50, sale pride. V $2.50
100 LADIES' BLACK SERGE SKIRTS, satin trimmed,
value for $4.00, sale price ..;........... $2.50
50 BLACK SILK ETON JACKETS, latest designs,
value for. $12. 56 and $15.00, will be sold at $9.50
1000 LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SHIRT
WAISTS (Samples) will be offered at half price.
800 RAINY-DAY" SKIRTS, in all sizes, value for $2.50 and
. $3.00, will be offered at ......... $1.50
150 LADIES' CLOTH AND /SILK CAPES will be of :
. -fered at greatly reduced prices. ;; >
MANUFACTURING DEPARTMENT.
We, will place- on -sale to-morrow and following days in
the above department THE MOST WONDERFUL BAR-
GAINS in TAILOR-MADE SUITS ever offered.
BROADCLOTH SUITS, trimmed with %atin, neatly
', V stitched, well - finished, perfect fit, guaranteed value for
$65.00, will be offered at .......:.. $37.50
WANTED IMMEDIATELY— 4 FIRST-CLASS SALES-
LADIES— 4 : FIRST-CLASS FITTERS, v
iiiiiiii
1146 Market Street,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; FRIDAY, APRIL 12; 19O1.
10
SAJT KBJUf CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
C«ul. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet,
«>rner Clay: open until 9:80 x>. m.
800 Hayes etreet; open until ?:30 p. m..
ftJJ McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
flB Larkin etreet; op<- until 8:30 p. m. ¦
1 - 3941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
,r261 Market street, corner Sixteenth : open
ur.t'l t p. m.
108 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1P96 Valencia Ftr*et: open until J P. «•
ICorthwest corner Twentr-second **& Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
J MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander/ No. 1. K. .»¦
T.. 8 Post Ft.— R<»paiLa.r assembly THIS TWf'
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. (CJ
Order of the Red Cross. All fraters W
courteouFly invited. By order of the w
.-Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
LX PARFAITE UNIOX Lodge No. 17. m
F. and A. M.— CallM meetins THIS
.(FRIDAY) EVENING, April 12. 1901. JSjf
8 o'clock. First Deeree. By order of ' *
the W. M. P. ST. JE7LLIEN. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO -Tent No. IS, K. »-
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /&&$&
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer E5#SVyft
Us 11. 24 Fourth St. tgt&l3
H. H. CASTLE,
ADOPTION.
GOOD borne open for healthy boy and girl
babies. MRS. DR. FtTNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
. * ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, eldewalks re-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission : tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SjO Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT, collections; damages; es-
tates; mining; open even. 532 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
-W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. :* consultation free; no fees in advance.
HOARDING FOR CHILUUE.X.
wTDOW~wmTa child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board; yard; best of care. 1607 Califorpla at.
NICE family wishes to take care of 1 or 2 chil-
dren; near school. 4ii) Taylor st. -- J
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $630; PARTNER wanted In commission
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $4000; SALOON, on Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and .doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $133; sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Keamy Et.
A— $2000; PARTNER wanted in old established
flower etore with nursery, hothouse, etc.;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all description; established many years and
doing a money making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. :: - "v
A-$1000; FIRST-CLASS and elegantly fitted up
restaurant: choicest downtown location; do-
ing a good paying business; rent $50; a rare
business offer. C411 R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny et. ' \ '
A — $1300; DELICACY and provision 6tore; 1
block from Market et. ; dally receipts from
$35 to $40: a first-class, paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $18(#; SALOON in wholesale district; no
night or Sunday work; rent $50; daily re-
ceipts $20; good business: owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $650: SALOON; corner; only one bloci S. of
Market St.; net rent $3S; a first-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26% Kear-
ny Bt.
-
100 CIGAR Etands, 200 fxoceries and bars.
S00 candy and icecream stores, 500 restaurants.
SO0 etores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up ran be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us. ,
WALTER HAYES CO., 838 Market st.
FOR private sale; some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAVES & CO.. S3S Mkt.
$1300— RESTAURANT; here's a snap; worth
J22C0; first-class place; business $69 a day;
partners quarreling; bound to sell; heart of
the city. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market st.
$w>0— RESTAURANT; choice location; value in
f sight $800. LUNDIN & CO., 906 Market st.
and 9 Ellis.
tPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
stores: also restaurants, berber shops and
saloons. FISHER & CO., 935 Market st.
1259— PARTNER wanted in an old established
cash business; owner well .known, practical
business man ; profits average $80 a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. 652 Market st. ' . '¦ 7 -
A— $350; RESTAURANT: no better location in
the city; this is positively worth over $1000,
but it must go immediately. Business Board
of Trade. 326 Pine St.; phone Davis 326.
BUTCHER shop and fruit store in Mission;
fitted Up perfectly; owner going to a mining
town; 'selling at a sacrifice. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 708 Market Bt., phone Black .4071.
WANTED— Men of means to put a patented
article on the market. N. DOBBINS 304
Stockton st. ¦ ... - - . ,
1100— BARBER 6hop; bargain; going East cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market.
RARE CHANCE for 2 good men; Ocean House
road nurpery for saK with all Improvements:
plants, bulbs, horses, wagons, greenhouses, 4
big tanks holding 50,000 gallons, • plenty water,
engine to pump It. pipes covering 15 acres
land: best place to raise flowers and vege-
tables: 1 block from Ingleside electric car;
lease 10. years; reason for. selling, retiring
from business. Appiy on place or 25 Fourth
street.
FOR Sale — Well -established laundry' route do-
ing good business: also good paying laundry
office. L. F. B., box 2332. Call office.
FATING restaurant (water, front) for sale,
cheap: pric« S350; rent, with water, $15; owner
has other business. . Call . 12 Washington Et.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply NE. cor. 7th "and Folsom.
FOR SALE— First -class shoe shop; will sell
cheap. ]934 Union st. . - - ; . ,
$350— TOBACCO and cigar store, with living
rooms; downtown. . Box 2989. Call office. •
$1300— GOOD corner grocery; bar: no opposl-
tlon ; cash trade. Box B, 300 Hayes Et.
A GENTLEMAN representing for several years
a large California house would like to make
other connections in canned and dried fruits,
beans, etc. ; best references furnished If neces-
sary. Address room 311. Board of Trade build-
Ing. Xew Orle«j». ¦
°£ I £ I 5 E . route OI » thU paper for sale. Apply
Call Business of See. '.
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY tor mechanls
with some little cspltal to obtain paying posi-
tion Jn a new furniture manufacturing com-
pany. Addrefa O. p.. box 2827, Call office.
$1600— CORNER wine and liquor store; splen-
did chance: to be sold at once, having other
business; large basement; everything new;
E-year lease; rent $40. Box .2359. Call office.
f 100— GOOD paying business;' dairy.' produce
and delicacy store: rent $12; call early; leav-
lng city. S24 Fifth Et: furniture included.
BRANCH bakery, notions and candies. 1906
Mission st. .-.-,..
OLD established corner ealoon; 2 sunny living
rooms; no reasonable offer refused. 654 4th. ¦
WILL rent, long lease, newly furnished res-
t>ur»nt; cheap rent. Address box 293S. Call.
MAX with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
FOR SALE— A first-class restaurant: average
sales $45 per day. Box 2968. Call office.
PHOTO supplies, developing and printing; a
¦ - good paying business for $300. 2204 Fillmore.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. ¦
iitLECT A HOUSE FROM ALL.......".
THE BARGAINS IX THE CITT
A— 100 houses not listed with other agents
16 rooms; center; fine for transient.' $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st., near Market BOO
14 rooms «n-Third et-.jnear Market B50
14 rooms on Mission st. 650
¦<3 room;; rent $60; clears $150 1000
'24 noais; north of Market: clears $200... 2000
~I7 rooms: just finished; very fine 2800
' : 2I rooms on Geary St.: clears $135 1900
44 rooms: positively the best; clears 4300.. 6004
6S-room house; clears $S00 CO0O
SO-roora boarding-house; clears $600 £000
S-room-fiat; sunny side 700
C-room flat; very good .- 325
COO «iher houses. S to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 79t.
HOO.000 to loan at I'M per cent.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Sth.
ATTENTION, SELLER— I can sell your house
or real estate lor you. DECKER, 1020 Market.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
trayicg.' We have them all sizes and prices;
CO rooms, dose in. elevator, etc ."....$4500
12 rooms, new. clean: clears $50 900
14 rooms, cunny corner, pood condition.... 1000
to rooms! all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 rash, balance pay-
ments ~ * 600
- Vacant houses furnished.
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market Bt
LODCIXO HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.'
A. CAMERON & CO., '
S30 Market Rt. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. -¦ * •—
Buyers, see our list of bargains:
34 rooms. Van Ness; rent $180;* boarding
house; good furniture and carpets .$3500
31 room: Market; rent $150; good transient;
always full; good Investment. $1400
35 rooms: Howard; rent $80; good transient
bouse; pays well S900
20 rooms; Turk; rent $S0; new ......$1300
12 rooms; rent $65; nardwood furniture; good
carpets; clears $100; private boardlng-house.$1100
15 rooms; "rent $70: elegant furniture, with
piano; always full; table board...:...." $1100
Inventories and legal papers typewritten; rea-
sonable rates. '^_
SELECT TOUR HOUSE FROM THB
LARGEST LIST IN' TOWN.
6 rooms; fine location; elegant furniture. $23v)
11 rooms; always full; good income; only.*500
18 rooms; sunny corner; cheap rent. ...... $100?
27 rooms; apartment houte* well furn....$«i50
46 rooms; downtown; a wise investment.12650
89 rooms; modern house; clears $450 mo. .$9500
150 rooms; first-class hot-;; bus. people.. $25,000
Hundreds to choose from .$100 to $109,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our gpecial bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & cp., S38 Market st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 739 Market; phone Black 4071
8 rooms; rent 120; Sacramento st ....$175
16 rooms: rent 135: Third st... $550
14 rooms;rent $50; Taylor st...; :...$750
18 rooms; rent $72 50; Sutter Bt $950
20 rooms and six kitchens; Ellis st $1600
Many others to ehoose from.
LODGIXQ-HOUSES. boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer;'thls office Is licensed;
I am estabyshed. since 1892; I loan money tg
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. TV. SCHWELVHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market: only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
20 rooms: rent $50; location desirable..... 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
IS ROOMS; Fifth st.; Vent $65; price $1000.
12 rooms; Mason St.; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms oa Howard; rent $80: price $1000. '
19 rooms on Grant ave. ; rent $75: price $1500.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S Sixth st.
24 SUNNY rooms; sent only $70....... $1700
17 rooms; all light; transient. 1550
45 rooms; Post; half can ttand 25O l >
35 rooms ; Howard ; well rented ........ 100\>
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
I! T. >' i aT
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.— By Call bldg.
I have houses of all sizes and. prices for sale
and exchange. I will - lend you part of the
money and get you a eood title.'
A— 15 SUNNY rooms; near Taylor and Post;
; low rent; best class roomers; cash buyers
I only; $900. Box 2974, Call office. . -
FOR Bale — 10-rbom rooming-house; 128% Ninth
j Et.; good location and*cheap rent; rooms all
i rented.- '
$750—12 NEWLY furnished rooms; ''all full
steady roomers; • central. D. McRAE, 837
'. Mission st. : t
$650— A BARGAIN; 15 rooms. 500 block on El-
. 11s et. D. McRAE. 837 Mission st. \
14 ROOMS, central; transient: r.eatly furnished;
rent $40; bargain. Donnrliy Co.. 632 Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated Eypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you Jove and the name of the
• one you will marry; the only medium in the
| world so sure of his occult power that he will
. give every person who comes prepared a won-
I derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
; for answers, 1382 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
: world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
¦ all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unite* the separated; mining a. specialty; cir-
. cles Sun., Wed., Fri.- eve.; letters answered.
. Resid. (no signs). 513 Eddy, bet.. Hyde- Larkin.
FREE— "W. Brockway, nervo-pathlst, locates
| disease without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
| cure; nervous and chronic diseases treated
without medicine. 327 Larkin, cor._G. G. ave.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
i medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings tl. 1164 O'Farrell,' nr. Gough, Ellis car.
C. W. MILLER'S trumpet materializing seance
to-nixht. 8 o'clock; 50c. 1084 Bush st:
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best *tfcsts,
10c; prophetic and trance readings. 148 Sixth.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. symbol question circle
I to-night, 25c. 124 Russ st. off Howard." '
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, Electric
¦ and Magnetic Healer, Room 14. 305 Larkin st.'
EAELE, 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c;
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.; next Examiner bldg.
' She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble.dlscontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, T>r' have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium -and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 12.06 Mar-
ket 'Et, corner Golden Gate- ave., roome 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and/uture; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or. wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on raoes. 215% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; "advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
euits. 2G% Kearny, r. 5, 6; hrs. 10 to 12, 1 to 7.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist.' permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. in. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 23c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, wetter
reader. »11 _6th;German spoken;tel.Howard'1846.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c up. 7 Seventh St.- .
Mlia REXXER, life, planet reader, palmistry;
ladles only; 25c and 50c. 725 Ellis st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44514 Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up- 5 Fourth Bt.
cape xo3ie. '¦ ~™~
alaskXplacer claims—
• Wanted— Five more parties with $300 each to
come In on "ground floor"; syndicate form-
ing: must act quick. J. S. EWEN, 123 Call-
.fornla st.. room 407. ' . .
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor .work
send to SPA ULDIXG' S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 TehamaNt ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and \ dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146. - -
CITT Steam Carpet-Beating "Works.' g] JT
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-4O Sth st^; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaningr Co.. 402 Sutter et. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TOX, 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
COXKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126..
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts L chil-
blalna; painless cuj>-. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— Nocharge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE B-room cottage;' reasonable rent. 116
Sweeny St.. nr. Golden City House, San Bru-
no road. . , .
DENTISTS. -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcTsoTMar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
hav« your extractlonsgdone painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fico hours,. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J: W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by • my
wonderful secret, painless. method ;> 20 years'
experience; no students Jv advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. -
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings,
. 50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
METER. 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
alr:crowns;bridgework.' Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full eet of teeth, *4; crowns. $3; fillings.. 25c.
¦', TEL. -FOLSOM '.1607 Tu_ — — -- »=a»' '*. - '!
:: John
Practical 'Aspfe^lt • & Roofers: \
New Roofs Laid, Old Leaky Roots Repaired at Short Notice.' * " A
| Sidewa^ and Cellar FIooSrs.Laid «»d Repaired. |
OUR CHARGES ARE ALWAYS REASONABLE '¦"- ILL WORK "GUARANTEED ¦
: l$Q6 Mission St. * r ; ;
\ Business. Manager, . ,^v.
About six months ago I put an adver- "
tisement in "The Call" under "Asphaltum :;
; Roofing." I am well pleased with/ the re- !!
suits, especially froa property.owners. i'
;: \You will please- continue the adver- >
!! tisement. until further notice. j>'
u . - Yours Respectfully, ;!'
:;' V.T^ a " rj^ ' " y \ ' ' '¦ ::
; DENTISTS— Con tinned. .
GRADUATE dentist in ordar to build up a
practice will fill teeth, make plates, gold
crowns and bridge work at . bedrock prices;
payments. Office 1141 Polk' St.. cor. Sutter.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
f— No charge for' extracting" when plates are
made; old plates made over, like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
DR. R. L. WALSH,S15% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H G TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy, bldg.
LOWEST prices, in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and" Sun-
days. 1001 Market 8t.. corner; Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
• YOUNG. 1341 Polk St. . -. ¦
DRESSMAKERS AKD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—'
Class ratesy patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught ;• prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, Kngllsh branches, ;_ civil,
electrical and mining engineering, -etc. ; day
& night sessions ; ne w tO-page catalogue 'free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; Individual
instruction; positions secured.-.catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, i law and • medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or. any
- Stanford professor. Phelan building.
PRIVATE teacher, with . several years' suc-
cessful ¦ experience, desires a few pupils in
Eng. branches ; special attention young ! chil-
dren; best refs. 19 Glen Park, bet. 12th & 13th.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.,minlng,mech.,sur-
i-ey, assay,, cyanide; <lay. eve.; est,-l864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr: City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costr. only $60. . San j Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236. Market St.. . .
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; shprt
¦ time. TARR, exp. acct.,.220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction;' catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris.- violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. IQQg Mission st.
CROW'S Dancing Academy^, "private or class;
.. waltz a specialty. 615 Posfst. ¦
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024- Mission, nr..6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY 1 and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
#. EMPLOYMENT YoFFicES. A : :-
NEW of flee, ItallanT^American and French em-
ployment office— Wanted— Cooks,- waiters and
all kinds of workingmen. A. BALDASSI &
CO., 206 Montgomery ave. • • ,. < . y; .-
JAPANESE Employment . Office and House-
cleaning Co.,- best help; send men • at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 239L
JAPANESE and Chinese 'help, of all kinds:
cooks, waiters <: and house .-servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post Bt."; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE. -central housecleaninri & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 : Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all' kinds help. 315 Stockton ;. Main 6188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment ¦ office—
Bef.t help. 411Mr O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT ' WANTED— FEMALE^
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a position Zi In
hotel or boarding-house, ' in city or county,
with city references. ; Call or. address -¦ 606
Minna st. • ' ' -' ' ¦ -» - - J ¦'
A COMPETENT young woman * would . like to
• assist In house or office .work forenoons and
evenings for room and board. Apply E. B.,
807 Sutter st!; room 1, from 1 to 5 p. m.
WANTED— A situation as maid or to take care
' of child byiaNortH German lady. Box 2986,
Call office. . .. ¦" . - , . "
A REFINED girl wishes a position as a nurse;
¦ flrst-class references. • Call : or address ¦ 1719
Lake st.,' near Nineteenth: .. . ; ...
A RESPECTABLE woman -wants work by the
.day, week or month. Apply 313, Fourth st.,
room,E6. / :'¦ *"*<'¦'¦¦.. '.' . .
YOUNG woman wishes position to do general
housework or chamber work; city or country.
205 Natoma st: '- . . -' .
RESPECTABLE lady wishes-, a position .as
.housekeeper. Apply 1203 Folsom 'st.V : .:/.
A*YOUNG.girl wishes a -situation In. a small
family to assist- in light housework. -'Call or
address 23 - Federal, . bet.',' First and Second,
Bryant and Brannan.y . ' -, ? .-j( '
YOUNG Swedish lady \?ants a -nice position,
with boy 7 years old; references; no objection
to country. Address P." K.% . 541 First ave.;
Richmond. . . f\;" ' " . ' . /-
SWEDISH lady wishes ladles' fine clothes to
launary. At 111 California "; ave.. between
. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth, off Mission.
"iOUNG Swedish girl wants situation; general
housework and plain cooking. Call at -208%
Eleventh st.;. ¦' * •' . •
WANTED— Housework by woman of < 45 years.
Call or address MRS. P.. .304 Stockton' st. ¦
YOUNG lady -wishes a position to assist in of-
fice work and stenography., 'Box 2967, Call. -
-WINCHESTER House. 1 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms;'25c to Jl 50 per nifrht: $1 50 to
. $6 week; convenient ana. respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and. from ffeiry. ¦ ,* v
CLASSIFIED advertisements arid : subscriptions
' received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call- advertisements and
, subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.-'- - : > -. -¦ ¦¦<..--¦.
EMPLOYMENT \VANTED-^-MALE.\
MIDDLE-AGED man, sober and reliable," -wants
* any kind of employment; small wages; good
references. Address MR. . PRINZ. s 13« Harri-
\ ' son ave., off Folsom Et.V between 7th and 8th.
WANTED— By ; young I married I man I from i the
-East, situation as plumber's helper. Call or
. address 1433 Stockton st.;; room . 1. j. . ..
GENTLEMAN desires situation as cook; . city
or country; steady; ref rrences.'. Box 29S7, Call.
E3IPLOY3IEXT WASTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position in
private family. 941 Sanchez St.; phone Blue
1257. ; . '¦
MAN wishes position as club or hotel porter;
first-class references. . Box 2990, Call office. ¦
SITUATION wanted, by temperate young man
to look after gentleman's place; understands
' the care. of horses and carriages; Is a first-
-class butter maker; understands the use of
hand separator; also good milker; under-
stands the .rearing of chickens; general all
' around man. Box 2985, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires situation in pri-
vate residence; good gardener; first-class man
with horses;- handy with tools or take care
' of Invalid. Box 2351, Call; office. -
YOUNG'mA from the East desires position in
some hotel; clerking preferred; bonds fur-
nished. Address P. A. B., Yosemite House,
1045 Market St.
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender; -city,, or country; best of refer-
ences. Address Q.yM.', .1104 Larkin st.
INDUSTRIOUS' German gardener,' willing and
obliging, wants position In private family,
summer resort, institution; can care for lawn,
flowers, vegetables, horses, cows; all round
man; very handy and useful; good refer-
ences. .Box 2935, Call.' ¦;:..'¦ ¦. _;-.'.• . • -
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work in private
' family; used to horses, garden, cooking; use-
ful in general; wages ¦ moderate ; references.
Address box 2216, Call office. ¦ ¦ •
WANTED— By married i man, no children,
Eteady position as . blacksmith; good' all
around smith; city or country. 3876 Silver
St., near Thirty-eighth, Oakland. -
YOUNG man desires position with civile en-
gineer as rodman or chalnman. Address 593
O'Farrell st. ' . ' .. : ' - .-- : . ,
YOUNG man with references desires " position
with a mining company. Address Engineer,
593 O'Fa.rrell st. -....- , - ;:¦ ¦.-•'¦• .: t . ¦ r
YOUNG man wishes a position- as bartender;
can speak French- and English; is a musl-
. clan. 81S Pacific st. ¦
A GRADUATE in pharmacy wants employ-
ment in city or country; single man. Ad-
¦ dress Druggist, box 2921, Call, ¦'...:
YOUNG honest "Japanese boy wants situation
! as schoolboy in the city. Address T. SUGU-
KAWA, 113 Church st ¦; - .-, :
CLASSIFIED acfvertlsements and subscriptions
¦received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Bt.
FIKfAXCIAL.
FOlT/ INVESTORS*! ! 1 ?
.- ' I OFFER FOR SALE"' -
Unimproved and income . city j property; gllt-
" edge bonds and . stocks of electric, gas,~rall-
: road aiid Industrial corporations; money, to
. loan; investments made; bank i_ references ;
correspondence solicited. ¦ .-•' ¦ -•¦:. . >-
¦ : ¦ T. OTWAY SADLEIR,',"
Room 40, -310 Pine st:," .
, ¦ San Francisco.
$6000 LOAN wanted on Improved ranch. prop-
erty within 65 miles of S. F. ;¦ will pay S per
cent net. Box 2843. Call -office. ¦ .- - - -
.. */;/.' FLATJS. TOILET, r '^...
A — CLEAN, 6unny, modern 5 rooms, bath; nice
; garden. $20. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A SNAP— $8; clean bay-window, 3 rooms, north
of Market. SPECK & CO., 667- Market St.
SUNNY upper 7 rooms, - bath ; tinted ; sanitary
., plumbing; 5, low rent. 937. Hayes st. .¦
TWO new" elegant flats of -5 and S rooms, on
Church St., near Eighteenth. , :
NEW flat 6 rooms and bath. - 1261A Mission Bt.
$11 60—^.EAR; sunny 5 rooms: v 2-story house.
- 2510 California st.; apply middle flat.'
NICE sunny flat; corner;- 7 rooms: and bath.
402 Ninth Et. ' ¦,,;..- ¦ ','
$6 50— FLAT of 3 rooms. 246 Harriet St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh. Harrison ¦ and . Bryant.
» FLATS • TO LET— Furnished.'. 5
ELEGANT corner flat. of 7 rooms:- furnished;
near Mission High School. 654 Church. sf
. FURNITURE FOR SALE. J. .
4 ROPMS furnished In cak, $48 M>, with No. 7
' range. King. Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mafket.
NEW 5-plece golden oak set; springs,' mattress,
pillows. Call 434 Golden Gate ave. • . ' \ :¦.;.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mission st. ...
I ' FURNITURE . WANTED, -! .
TO receive highest value for furniture," carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
.sells your bus., merchandise, fur. , carpets.,' etc.
IF you want to sell furn.', mdae., etc., see J. A.
;,- Munro '&. Co.; 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT,' 773 -Mission "St.; pays highest
'•_' price, for secondthand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
"Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
¦-: furniture'. & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys, ycur '.. furniture. ".'; carpeU,
pianos, etc. 1135 (Market st. : tel. Jessie 76L
* HELP. AVANTEB^FEMALE.;
AT C.R. HANSEN & -CO." S.... 104 Geary st.
....r...... .HOTEL DEPARTMENT.............
6 waitresses, different commercial hotels, fare
paid, $25; 10 waitresses, hotels and restau-
rants," city, $20, ¦ $30;. 4 /waitresses,, near
city ...........: ...............$20
•f Cook, . small hotel, country,' see • party here
9:30 a. m.. $40,. good place. ¦ - - •¦
/ ...'....FAMILY DEPARTMENT
. Invalid's nurse, care 'of old lady, $30." ,
C.R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary rt.-...
A— GERMAN or . Scandinavian girl, . who ' is . a
? good . cook and ' do housework; ! good ; wagee ;
ofnce.feespaid by lady. ¦¦¦ ¦? 5rV«
? C. 1^. HANSEN. & CO., 104 Geary St.
A— NURSE girl, care ' of , small ' children ;• good
home;i choice' place. ; ..: ' ' ' '¦- ¦ '-» ' ¦; , : .
-.'....- %. R. HANSEN & Cp.,-104 Geary st.
A— HOUSEGIRL i and cook for small" American
-family;, city; $20 to $25.- ; .•-,.¦- '•-• :.-'••: ;
"'¦; : "¦: C: R.-HANSEN'& CO.,".10«;Geary st '
•MRS. M. E. DAY & CO....'..PhonAi»Iain 1575
- ¦ HOTEL DEPAKTMBKTT. .'. . . .. .. .
.Head waitress, ; flrst-class summer resort,' $30;
,7 'waitresses,, commercial; hotel, $20 and $25;
2 waitresses, ' city, ' $25, room out; 2 waitress-
es, - $20 ; : chambermaid • to • wait, ) $20 ; cook,
' small resort. $35, see party here. * , ; .-. .-?¦
... ..: FAMILY- DEPARTMENT ......... V.
; . Housegirl, -small -American., family, :.'..- $20;
housegirl, 2 In family, Alameda, $23, see lady
. . here; many other choice places. ,' MRS: M. E. :
DAY- AGO..' 335 Geary st. .:¦
TWO cleaners; good; $l'day; city. ' DAT & CO.'
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators ; steady
, work; good pay. Lowenberg & Co.,*27 Jessie.
WANTED — Good i restaurant ; waitress. , 7 Tay-
- lor ; st. ; ;¦ J7 - per ; week. '.-.:.'.
YOUNG girl; small family; $8: good home. 430
-Fair Oaks st.'. bet. 25th and 26th. :;.'
I jHELP WANTED— FEMALE^- Con; _'
.WANTED^Cook, "Small hotel, $30; cook, Ger-
• man. style, $30, 2 in family; cook and second
girl, same house, country,- $30 and $20; 3 sec-
ond girls,- $25;. 4, second girls,, $20; V< wait-,
resses for country hotel. t20;' waitress for res-
taurant, $7 a week; 3 nurses,- $20 and $23: 15
girls for nice country places, to do. house-
work, $25; 36 girls for city, housework, $20 and
$25; 3 young girls for 3 in family," housework,
$15. J.'F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
HAIRDRESSING taught complete In 4 weeks;
. positions secured when finished: evening
¦ classes ;¦ terms reasonable; Hairdressing Col-
lege, ¦ 574 Geary st. - ' - . < . ¦' -.'.,
MILLINERY, taught complete; in. 3 months:
positions secured when' competent;' evening
classes; terms reasonable. Millinery Col-
lege,- 574 Geary st. . . '-:,.-. ' -V-
WANTED— A lew experienced operators and a
limited number for instruction. Standard
, Shirt Factory, GouKh and Grove sts. • ; .-•
GIRL cook and general housework, - adults and
.children; best wages. 56 Belvedere St., bet.'
Frederick and .Waller, Cole and Clayton. :-
COMPETENT 1 woman ' for general housework
and cooking. Call between 10 a. m.' and 12, 433
Oak st. :•-¦' i- - •-".-¦---
RESPECTABLE young girl to assist light
' housework; sleep home; no Sunday .work. 612
- McAllister st. . . ' ;* >V .•-.¦
WANTED— Lady stenographer and typewriter; '
give experience, reference and wages ex-
pected. Box 2994. Call office. '-"'- • "- " "-. _¦
WOMAN for second work and sewing ;- ref er-
ences required. Apply between 9 and 3, 923
Eddy st. .' '•'-¦--•.'. -•'¦''¦'*¦ - ¦" ' '
GIRL for general housework^ and plain cook-
ing. 305 Scott st. ' ¦ ¦¦¦'• -''.'¦ /
BRIGHT girls to- learn good trade. | M.
KRAKER, 226 Bush st. ¦'
WANTED-rA young girl for light housework;
; references. 407A Hyde st. .
GIRL' for light housework. 2502 Folsom s».
GIRL wanted for light housework and to mind
baby. .443 Bryant st. ¦ ¦ -. '
WANTED— A waiter that is used to short or-
¦ der. work. 1005 Valencia st. - '.'¦¦. '¦¦
WOMAN for housework; small family;' need
not cook; $3 per week. • 614 Eddy Bt.
¦ ; : : -; ; ¦ ' "
LUNCH waitress wanted. - 631 : Clay st.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on cloaks
and suits. DAVIS, SCHONWASSER & CO.,
"134 Post st..:- ¦:-...' . . ' ¦ : .
YOUNG lady for bookkeeper and cashier. Ap-
ply mail only. ALFRBP LILIENFELD, 90S
Market st. . >^-. .s ' ¦ / ¦-¦
GOOD alteration hand» on cloaks arid suits at
E. MESSAGER'S. 145 Post st. ¦--¦''
GOOD" suit and jacket fitter at E. MESSA-
GER'S. 145 Post st. -¦-.-,'
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
• tors.. EAGLESON & CO., 535 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operator on silk waists; good
pay. KONIGSTEIN, 409A Turk st.
WANTED— An experienced lady shampooer.
Address box- 2952, Call office. . '
GIRL to mak% herself generally useful, • $8 . to
$10. 519 Van* Ness ave. . .
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on cus-
tom coats. 115 .Russ st. - .-
WANTED-r-An errand girl at 768 Geary st;
YOUNG woman, light housekeeping; $10 month;
small place. . Call evening at ,710 Lombard.
WANTED— Smart girl to work in a shooting
gallery. ' Call ; at 515 -Pacific st.
WANTED— A good operator on 'pants; steady
.'position. .36 Geary St.. room 83.
WANTED— Wholesome, Intelligent lady, not
under 25, of good character and standing, for
high-grade position. Box 2973, Call office.
MORE young girls' to learn cigarrmaklng; $3
per week while learning. 621 Montgomery.
COAT finishers, button-hole and try-on makers.
• Metropolitan Tailoring Co., 947- Market st.
PANTS finishers wanted at the Metropolitan
Tailoring Co.. 947 Market tit. ' , -
APPRENTICE to learn —hairdressing. 240
Stockton st. • ' '..-:. .
WANTED— A girl to . assist in housework
. and plain cooking, $10. 2808 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Good experienced t apprentice girl
Uto work on fine coats. 334, Kearny, room 9.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer on hats. Economy Mll-
' llnery, 632 Vallejo st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call' branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established' at 1094
I Valencia st. - «fc" ¦ ¦ '• - i
HELP AVANTED— MALE. .
aT'cTrTi5aNSEN^CO?S. . rp^onT&ranTl85
: RAILROAD WORK.....
Drillers and headersmen, ' big tunnel.... '.$2 50
Laborers, railroad work. '.$1 75
Teamsters ' for Nevada Free Fare
Free Fare ..................Free Fare
; Foreman for railroad ¦construction work, $3
a day, free fare... ..."..
,-3 millwrights, $4 a day; 4 carpenters, $3 a
-: day, for country sawmill; 10 laborers to build
railroad in the woods, $26 and board, fare
advanced.........'......
! 2 milkers for Oregon, $30 and fare paid, - see
- party here; blacksmiths, $2 50 and $3 a day;
6 farmers, ,$25 and $26; man about place; $25;
50 woadchoppers, $1 50 a cord
I HOTEL DEPARTMENT..:..
Second cooks, broilers and fryers, $50 to $65;
V ; camp eook, . R. . R; camp,' $50 and free fare ;
cook,»chophouse, $55; cake baker, $50; 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands, $25 and $30; dish-
washer, springs, $25; 10 waiters, hotels and
restaurants, $30 to $40
Ironer on Tyler machine, hotel laundry, coun-
try, too and free fare; all-round laundryman,
- institution, country, $50 and found
¦;C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary St.
HOUSE • painter, I $2 5D a day;' head laundry-
. man, $40 to $50 and found ; carriage wood-
worker, $3 day; 2 jobbing :¦ blacksmiths, $2
day and board and $2 50 to $3 day ; ranch
blacksmith,- $40 and found; slack work coopers,
$35 and. found; head linemen for -donkey en-
gine crew, ¦ $60 and board; spool tender, $45
and board: carriage blacksmith for country;
,'$3 day; carpenter, $3 day; upholsterer; black-
smith helper, $9 a %week; 2 carpenters for
mill, and others.- J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. -. - -<¦¦.. t. ¦ : ,
THIRD. hand baker, $35 and found; delicates-
sen man, $40 and board; hotel cook, country.
$40; restaurant cook. $14; hotel and' restaur-
ant waiters; 'dishwashers,- potwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT-& CO., 628 Sacra-
mento St. -*'"¦.'¦ -7 '•¦ ".:•'¦¦¦'.:-
MAN and wife, -private' family,. $50; milker
and_ wife, $50; 2 -fruit farmers and wives,
$40 and $45;. farmer and wife, Alameda Coun-
. ty, $45,. see boss here. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. . ¦ ¦ '. i
A— MURRAY & READY. ;.... Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. to-day ::....
3 more machine miners, gold mine....... '..'.'.
.„ .-...$75 and found
See boss here :.%'.:............ ...Fare paid
7 blacksmiths, camps, shop and ranches,- $70
and • $60, ; $3, • $2 50 • day and $40 and - found
- Horseshoer. country shop; harnessmaker....
; Rough carpenter for ranch...:..... ,\...
-Carriage and wagon painters $40 and $45
5 swampers, San. Mateo County $50 to $60
•!50 laborers for sawmills and woods.. ......$26
' 27 farm and orchard hands.... $26 and $30
15 rnhkers, buttermakers^ etc $30 and $35
3 farmers and wives.. .: $50, $45 and $40
Camp waiter, $30: waiter for the- mines,
$30 ; head waiter. $35 ; hundreds of new posi-
tions daily. Call -down and read out bulle-
• tin boards. MURRAY & 'READY, ,634-636
Clay st.' . ' ¦
A— WANTED ....
Buttermaker for - small • private dairy - of 20
cows, near city, $35; Swiss milker, city, $30;
German milker, 'city, $30; Portuguese milker,
city, $30; 2 milkers country, . $30; head line-
man and charge ' donkey engine, $80; spool
tender $45 and board; ranch blacksmith and
shoe, $40 and found ;. carriage painter, $45
and board; wagonsmlth, $3 SO a day; Danish
farmer, $28; baker's helper, $25; cheesemaker,
-$36: upholsterer on old work, country. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St. ' • -
AT CALi EMP. AGENCY, 59 3d; phone red. 31.
1 first-class typewriter, salesman, good salary."
1 upholsterer/ country, $3 per day.
Manfand wife for family of. 6,' wife to cook.
. Man Wo waif and work round place, $45 per
month. " ' "
' '¦ 2 cooks, country, $23 and room.
' 6 men for sawmills..- v -;' ..'.' \ - ¦
% 4 men for lumber .work. • ;
.• J 6 men'-tq make ties, posts and pickets.
"'4 menito cut wood," $1 25 per cord. ' ¦' -r
A— HOTEL GAZETTE." 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
. . Night clerk, $25 ; elevator • boy, $15. ¦
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' ; International Union—
• Free employment; ' only recognized union.' 115
¦ Turk: tel. Folsom 15S3. I; LESS. Secretary.
AV ANTED ' for U. S. - Army— Able-bodied un-
I \' married men. between ages of 21 and 35; citi-.
p zens of United Slates, of good character and
temperate habits, who can- speak,- read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
"- 'service in Philippines. For information apply
\' to 'Recruiting Officer, 121 New: Montgomery
• st.', San Francisco, Cal. - .' . • .
a A GOOD paying 2-chalr barber shop . and . bath
• In ' beet mining town in the State; rent $13.
HENRY FALK. Angels Camp. Cal.*: - - -
; WANTED — Wagonmaker, V and -blacksmith:
¦• steady 'Work 'for good 'man.' Inquire JOE
•PIEROTTT. Second and Franklin sts., Oak-
?,land. Cal. -¦¦-¦¦¦- y. •-•-¦¦¦ ..
LASTERS . on' men's ' heavy, work; ; hand ¦ and
f.' machine.-. : Apply at;E. - B.. GEORGE'S, 33
' Stevenson '- st.-*' ¦ ,-" ¦.•.-'..•y ' : - , ; -.-• '
WANTED — Men's clothing salesman at
-¦¦¦'.¦ J ¦-•.:. ;- .
i WANTED--Cash boys tt RAPHAEL'S-
- ' help WAX'rag :^[A^g^£5^.
GOOD strong- lad. between 16 and IS. wh » t *
. willing to wdrk. call at crockery store alter
9 a. m. 108 Sixth st.; reference.
PARTNER in plain c«sh b^lnPMrMiays ¦ «2S
. month; bnly $150 required. LUNDIN & CO..
Wti Market st. '
BARBERS wishing to see latest, most practi-
cal revolving chair called Autoback call
STOLTZ'S Barber Supply House, 723 Market.
FOR SALE— Two-chair barber, shop: 8O«l *"'"
iness; low rent; four living rooms. . 1048 Mc-
Alllster St.; a good bargain. -*.¦.-
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO., 718 Market st. . " •
A PAINTER, laborers, cabinetmakers: non-
unlon: no fees. Mech. Reg. Bu.. 410 Kearny.
BOY wanted to run oirands. "Xpply ROSEN-
BLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st.
BRIGHT boy to run enands. 'R. L. TOPLITZ
& CO.. 543 Market St. . ... * '
.WANTED— Ai boy of II or 18 for light work in
¦ factory. Apply at 116 Second St.. third floor.
COATMAKERS,. pants and yestmakers for
. country. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter »t. -1
BOY wanted to - work in machine shop. 225
- Beale "st, .
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 492 Height st:
4 PAINTERS .wanted. 1751 Post.st.
WANTED— Young man to learn Jewelry trade.
. 1201 Market st. . ;..--• .-. : ._ ¦•-
WANTED— Errand boy with references. ' ~20
Bush St., first floor. ' - ¦*',--»
DISHWASHER. Jefferson Hotel. Harbor View.-
WANTED— Bootblack. 152 Third st.
PAINTER; good stageworker. Call 1125 O'Far-
; rell .-st.', 8 o'clock. / -¦
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 5050 Market St.;
* call early. '. ¦
DISHWASHER; es'perlenccd.\ 612 Kearny it.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 37
Eddy st.' 'V ¦ : ¦. ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦•;.-: ' ..'".
BARBER wanted for.' Saturday and Sunday. 132
Pacific- st. . „
GOOD barber for Saturday: wages. 623 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 lunch waiters. E32 Sixth St.
"WANTED— A youns-man to work in kitchen;
$25.. '18, Eddy at. -
BOY to wfirk In bakery; chance to learn trade.
427 Larkin st. . ,-¦ .
WAITER wanted at 17-19 Powell st. Calif or-
nla Cafe. , - ..- •-
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
.moiled free. We have no 5c shop In- connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to -our own order, with a. view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MQLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap imitations. •¦ ' «-.
BARBER shop for sale; three chairs; six
. bathrooms; clearing not less than. '$75 per
month; price $700; will give trial;. good coun-
try town; healthiest place In the State. Ad-
. dress box 2984, Call • of flee. . . .? .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanlca.rto know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third sC;\ 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per ¦week.
WANTED — Cash boys over 14 years * of age.
Apply at HALE BROS., 979-987 Market st.. '
before 11 a. m. ' ¦ t '
WANTED— A younjr ' man with some experi-
. ence in grocery and bar business. Address
box 2977, Call. ¦ . '..
COATMAKER wanted, to work in store; steady
work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st. _^v..
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. .' .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts. 1 .
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. -' 241 Third et. •
GOOD suit and jacket fitter et Q MESSA-
QEtfS. 145 Post st.
BOY wanted to work in carpet store; -not un-
der 16. Apply 2020 Mission st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady pob. 2152
Bhattuck ave., Berkeley station.
WANTED— Experienced typewriter salesman.
CUTTER, TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny St.
ABOUT two more agents wanted at 347 Third.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Good all around blacksmith; steady
job. Apply at 2030 Seventeenth st. . : ..
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MATHEMATICAL Instrument maker wanted.
Box 2954. Call. . . .
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
WANTED— Men for salt works; $1 50 to $2 50
daily; free fare. Address CARTER'S Salt
. Works, . Los Angeles, Cal. ¦ •
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BOYS wanted. Apply' at Glass Works, Fifteenth
and Folsom sts. ,
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2hd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction bales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN. & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
SIX-PASSENGER hotel wagonette phateon;
platform spring dray: cheap. O'BRIEN,
. Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
1 M. L. Pancoast, sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
RUBBER-TIRED Dhaeton and trap," in good
; order, -cheap. . O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave.
and Polk st. V ' -
.£-100 SETS ~~ second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreyb. horses. 1140 Folsom.
FOR sale — A good gentle horse;- also wagon;
suitable for furniture business. 1138 Mission.
FOR SALE— Span of light young mares.-. In-
quire 1202 Mission st., room 2.
ONE good light team for sale cheap. Apply 1
. S Capp st. . ' '•>
FOR Sale— Stylish driving . horse that lady can
; drive. Metropolitan' Stables. 1315 Stockton st.
DOCTOR'S rubber-tired phaeton and horse
cheap. Excelsior Stables, 925 Sutter st.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in good
order for . sale. .377 Shotwell. st.
ALL kinds of -wagons, busrgies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
GOOD -business horses. . wagon horses,- heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AX a No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
;' '-'¦) '-:' HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEJtf & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Palo >Utd:i,455 University ave.; a large,
pleasantly situated 13-room house: furnished:
to let . for 3 months from June 1; electric
lights, telephone.. .^¦¦¦', '¦_ ' - ' - »".-
CORNER of Seventh and Howard sts; 7 sun-
ny rooms and bath; hot and cold water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1310— Sunny house; . 11
rooms; rent $45.. • *:,:. . . .
MCALLISTER, Sis — Fine sunny house; 8 rooms
and basement: large yard; rent $35.
HOUSES' TO? EET—FURXISHED.
A NICELT furnished bright .sunny 'home, 10
rooms, and 2 baths; magnificent view and lo-
cation. 2103 California st.
DESIRABLE "sunny corner flat. 3 rooms and
bath: Oakland: $13. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
room 2. ¦ '-¦-.- .-.--,
HOUSES TO 1 ET— SAN RAFAEL;* .
TO - let— Larre. house occupied at present* as '
boarding-hause ; . large - flower garden - anU
kitchen;, plenty of fruit; will sell furniture;
easy paynents;. cheap rent for family. Ad-
V drass A. R. I. O.. San Rafael. Cal.
IXSTAXTAXEOCS WATER HEATER.
THE Ribbon Water ¦ Heater will flow ¦ boiling
water in 30^ seconds; will give a hot bath
; every ten minutes at cost of 2% cents; call
and see In operation: send for illustrated
. pamphlet. Ribbon Wj.ter Heating Company,
¦ Hearst (Examiner-) building. ¦' room 607. -_ - — .
'- ' • LOST^AXD^FODXD.
L'OST— A pass - book' with the - Hlbernia' Sav-
ings and , Loan • Society of • San Francisco. In
the name oft MRS. -ANNIE LA VARONI or
JOHN, B. LA VARONI; No.' 171-231. The
.finder will please return. to bank.; ', : '
LOST— Diamond •¦ bar pin i on •, Golden • Gate ave
- and Leavenworth-Jt. ; reward... 402 A Frandgco.
STRAYED— From ¦' Turk . " and , Earkin, black
I - Newfoundland ,vr.eward. \ 427 Larkin at.
... -' * -.*1;>' '
- LOST Ayp Fpi^VD— Contlnned.
LOST OR • STOLE*— Whits pointer do*-, red
spot on top of head between ears and on
back. Return 447 Bay st. ; liberal reward.
COCKER saanlel, -white nose and breast: lib-
eral reward. . Return to Beach Tavern. Ocean
boulevard.
FOUNI^A foxterrier bitch. 117 Milton St.. oxt-
posite,.old ,St. Mary's College, oft Mission
. ' road. 5«? ,
Wanted"— Old rold far manufacturing O. Nolt*.
. jeweler. 1*3 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
J '. MATRIMOXIAIi.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
, send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis «t.
MATTRESSES , A r VP UP.HOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South W2;
to ' order or . renovated, feather and hair
cleaned :. expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh, st.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. ?<3-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOUMAX. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on ons floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In - 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission »t..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR Sale— Cheap: 1 covered wagon for ped-
dling 1 , 10-foot bed, ll-4-inch axle; also 1 light
road wagon, will carry 2 seats; both almost
new. Address H. OLSEN. Haywaxda, Cal.
A— BUTS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
| sines, boilers, . water' pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. . WHITELAW. 213 Spear st. *'
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH, 807 Sansome st, S. F.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 73. "MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hattera. " 330 Kearny st. near Pice.
TYPEfWRTTERS ¦ at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California.
10, OCO SQUARE feet floor spade, well lighted.
for light manufacturing or storage at half
usual rental. ¦¦ See B. J. 3.. 27 Market st.
, A STEAM merry-go-round for sale, cheap; ac-
¦vaunt of death. MRS. M. H. I*. Box 3M.
Watsonvllle, Cal. . .
BAR fixtures for sale. Grand Central Saloon.
995 Market st. '.- • ¦
DOMESTIC and White sewing machines, good
flrder. complete, cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
FOR SALE— 5 large tents. 12x16 feet: $13 50
apiece. O. WEIN'HOLD. - Lombard and Lyon.
FEMALE canaries for mating, 60c; male, $2
lift Page st. . _.
TWO revolving barber chairs for sale cheS^T
1723B Scott st., rear, bet. Sutter and Bush.
A ,LOT of government tents; 30 bath tubs;
.cheap.- 653 Mission st.
2C0 LIGHT marine set, directly connected; srfod
shape; cheap.. H. 8. WHITE. 91S Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery
.J.- BURKE 1 . 139 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NE^VTSLL. S3 Bluxome.
TYPEWRITERS, '2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 iMontry.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and ma«1o lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. . 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THB HER-
.MAN -SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new aad 2d-hand movine pJc-
tures. BPLLAKD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sixes. THB
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
v MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Dog or bitch; Gordon setter Llew-
ellyn setter or spaniel. Box 2S91. Call.
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade la-
. dies', gents' clothing. 154 9th; tel. Folsom 2322.
medioa£T~
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
• obtain ' results promptly; I treat ladles only
.my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain-
no other treatment .will do this; tho most dif-
ficult cases treated;, scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1013 Markt.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market. ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases- treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing- to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Homo
: Treatment;. harmless: consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market St., nr.
¦ 6th— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles ;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; borne before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet.'. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of female complaints cured; expert
for 37 years? Dr. V. Popper, '322 Kearny st. ¦
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.; bet. Mason
and ' Taylor- — Reliable ladies' specialist.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to^UlS Market
St., bet. Taylor and Mason; ladies' specialist.
MONEY TO LdA.V.
A— MONEY to 'loan at rates which peopIaTcan
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, .etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ', .
....IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY
630 Market st- Loans on estates In probate'
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc. ' . * - U-;
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%: first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate- in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city:
$150, COO on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R.tJ. MERCER & SOX. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates 'on. furniture, "etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; cohflden-
tlat. Room 3. Oroservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place- to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry.- W.. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth-
highest • price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
,age; reliable party. .. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%, undl-
' Vided.lnts.: estates. HARPER. 307 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS on salaries without Indorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE)
TOTJSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building. ¦
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
| low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
' lndorsfr. MORRELL. 809 v.T-amtner building.
TO salaried, people without -collateral or ln-
dorser. S.) F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MOSEY . WANTED. ~" '
SHALL sum. ¦wanted on first-class llf» lnsur-
ance policy. . Box 2993. Call.
WANTiiu— $30,000 for 3 years, 10 per cent; real
estate security. 'Addresa boa 2382. Call offlca.
~ MUSICAL .INSTRUMENTS.
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. 308 Post st. T~"
dickering : .; «i/i
Haliet'& Cumston .'.'....... *"""'cft
-Dunham ...V .......... 4 .~r.*."'.$75
Emerson .......................... - xim
'••Weber ;..*. ..:.....-. — .....«#w.
<New England ...'.;...'.;..„. • 't^rm
\Gabler ........"" £50
• Steck Baby Grand fllke new) '"uza
: Steinway Baby Grand (like new).. " IDai
Sohmer Baby Grand (like new) j^a
These pianos are -all - In excellen«"condl-
tion. thoroughly and can be ex-
or^BlRON mTuZT^"^ * —.SOHMWl
Pianos rented : . squares. $1 50; uprights. $3
up, and rent allowed on purchase.
PARpES -having • any \klad^ot repalrta* or
' J" nln^ of lplanos>. wyi do ;weU ,t<» remember
the very -test facilities lor do-
- ing ¦fine-' varnishing.' polishing, action repair-
ing and . regulating, and will -make lower
prices for good work than any house on the
coast. Let us make an ~ estimate on your
work. MAXJVAIS MUSIC CO.. ,768 Market "t!
SP J??t^Tc^' P «S rood, Pianos at low price, at
MAVVAISV 769 -Market st.,- thl« week; you
,can pay cash. or Installments, aa you prefer.ANGELS CAMP, AorU U.— Alexander
Love, a native of Scotland, died last night
aged SI years. He was a pioneer of this
State and •well known throughout this sec
tion. He leaves a daughter.
Angels Camp Pioneer Dead.
- -• |T. I II •
the freshmen. The si»bject discussed will
be, "Resolved, That the extinction of the
Beer republics would be for the permanent
benefit of civilization.".'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 1901.
STANF^itD UNIVERSITY, April 1L—
The annual freshman-sophomore debate
wili be -held to-morrow evening. Harris,
Ncnple and McComish will Represent the
sor>homore3 and Rochr, Spencer and Wood
Wii\ Debatl About Boers.
11
EAILWAT TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains let%»«' nail nr* An* lu nrrlt* »«
KAN fllASV !<***».
(lUIn Line. Foot of Uarkat Street)
lkatk — From April 13. 1901 — akbitb
~:3Oa Bentda. Siitson, Elmir», VacaTille.
Ruoik; ami 8aentmeuto ":33r
7:30a Datis, Woodland, Knights L»ndlo(,
¦ Marytfilte, OiotIIU. 7*S*r
7i3O« AtlanUe Kxpress— Ogdeii aad East 18:S3r
8:O«a M*rtinex,S;»u Uaiiion. Vallejo. XiVK
(JalisUiga Ami H»uU Ron 6:I3r
8:OOa LlvermorA Stockton, Hatford, VU»-
Ha, i-ortenUle 4:*1p
8:««* Ktles, Lstbrop. Merced. Jresuo, Bt-
ktnfleld 4s53r
8:S«A ShajiUk Express— DaTla. Willl»nui (for
BarUett Strings), Willows, Ked / -
Bluff, PorUkud. 7i39p
StSOA Stu .lusa. Llnerraore, Stockton,
lone. Saeramtintu, PJaotrtille,
SUryntillr, Cblco, Ue.l Itlnir 4 i2.1r
Ht»n* OakiUi*. Chinese. Sonore, Carters... 4i*3r
U:»»* Hajw»r<ls. Nilm aod War Stetiona. I I>33a
ViOOa Loa Angeles Express — Martinez,
- Tracy, Latlirup, (Stocktou, Mereed
- ¦ Tresno and Loa Angeles 7:<13t
OtUn* V»ll<->». Martluex »ml \V»f Stations AiSSp
IV:OOa ThB Overland Llmitad — Ogdeu, Den>
ter, Omaha. Chicago 0i»3r
tl:Otlp S:icr»mfiiUi Kirer 8to»met« ¦ 13lO«4
;l:3iip HaywanU, NMm and Way HUtton*. 7:53p
8:3<i p Port Colt*. Martinez Byron. Stock*
ton. Lodi 10.35a
4iO»r B«niela. Winters, Saorauiento,
Womllaml, KhIiiIiU Laudliifc
| .: -. M.rjsinie, Oro«lll« IO:83\
4:»«pMartin»x. Hail lUmou. Vallejo.
Nap*. «Uliati>Ki«. Hunt* ll«M »'3."»\
4iOOp Nile*, LlTermore, Stockton. Lodl,
Merced, Fresco. ?:S»P
4i3OpH»ytr«rds. Nlles Man .Jose, LiTfrmoro fS>^3A
3:00p Uie Owl Limited— Tracy, Stockton,
Pieano. Unkenfield, Hangns tor
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles ...... SiSSa
«i«(»P Hay irartlx, Niloa and Mau Joaa...... 7iS*t«
f0i(M>r Viillej<i I Ii33 1
«:«i»f OrfenUi M»H— Ogden, Ch«jenn«,
Omaha, Cbfengo. ia:8-ip
6:OOr Oriental Jtali— Ogden, Dsnter,
Onratm. Ctncxgtt. 4>X3r
7«O»p OrcicaiUHHl California Kx|>rna«.Ma«.
rmiientii, M.irymlllo, Itwlilln*-,
I'ortluml, r.tgnt Hunuil ami Kut iiSS*
8i«3p8an Pablo, Port Coats, Martinez
- ami n't) Mtatlous 1I«»3*
f:Offr V»ll»j» 7fl>p
COAST LINE (Narrow liange).
(Foot ot Mnrteot Street.) __„
J^iITa Sacta Crnz Excurs'on io rf*nt» Cruz
Mid Prine'pal Way Stations :»:O5f
8tl.ta Newarlt,CViiti!rfil!e,.Saii.lt)«t.Kflton, .
¦ Boulder Cieek.SantaCnu aud Way
SUUoiis it9»r
{Bf lap Newark, Cenleif Ills. 8au Jsse, New
* Alniailen. Felton, Boultlar Creek,
Santa Ciuz and Principal Way
sutions :............... t <»>¦¦»« a
4>l3r Newark, Sau Jose, Los Gatos { jiSSoi
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSiI rKtIClSCO— r«»t it Mufctt Stri»t(SlipO —
17:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:53 3:03 5:13r.M.
from 0 J IU 8D— Nit •fBtMtlwij.— 1«:00 ti.00 13:05
10:00a.m. 12:03 8:03 1:83 r.u.
COAST LINE (llroaa <Uu B »).
(Ihtr.l and Townaeml SU.)
«:!«* Hoiith Man Fraueino, Palo Alto.... KsSwr
?7<UOa Kan .li)»e nnil W»J SUtlnim »>»<>f
/7!»»A New Alma<l»». ...:..: f Is3«!
J7:15a Sunday Eicanhiu for dan Jcrs,
. . . Hast* Crnz. P.ciSc Grore sad
Principal Way 8utlono J8i3Oj
8:00a Coast Line Limited, S*n Ju*', Oilrov,
S-Umis. Paso Kobles. S«n Lnis
. ' Obiip«, Lompoc, Santa Barbara,
Lo* Angeles.. 10:ti»
• iOOa Halt Jora. Tr«a line*. Haiitii Crur,
PaciHe (lroT<t, .-alims San Lois
Otfspo and Piincii'fti iutermedl.tfl
. - .Stations. : 4:I«F
lOtKOASan Jcseaud Way Stations.. 7>3«>p
¦ ItSUA Mmi .inn mill \V»» Staliiun StSttp
* •|Sil.*»p.Sn.ii Mmtro, ltedwooil. Menlo Park,
' Palo Alto, A&uU CUra, Man .loss,
Trea Piuo«. Hmita Crux, Sallnaa,
Moiiierey »"'l racillc GrnTs fl«i43»
? StSOp Han Jos» and Way Stations C::5H>A
1 t:tr>i' HinJixfinil Principal Way Ht.tton. »:I2*
n-ls 15p Sniiset I.l-nlt<Hl— El Ptso,- Kew Or-
leaxsard Kwt c iwiISa
t3:00p San Jaso, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way SUtlons f1>:03*
5t.1Ar Sun Jose ami Principul Way SUtkMIS *>3«A
«::t»p !»a,,.lns' *n.I Way .Station* t<:OI>A
Ti«Of Npw Orleans Exprann. Han .Tsae.
S mt\ Barbar*. li-m Aoeeles. I> m-
in>r. El Pa«>, NewOrle»nnfnd£»»t 7s«0.v
7:00p Del Monte, Monterey, Paciflo Grove,
XfOXPOC ••.••••¦•¦• ......a... I *** I***?
Cll:4tP San Jneaml Way Htatii.ns ?..1>»P
A for MomiiiK ¦ r for Afternoon.
t Hnnday eteetited.* t "ntiday only.
g Wednesdays. / Tuesdays «nd FrMayj.
.eSandiyj,, g .Saturday only.
CALIF0R5I4 KORTHlEStEiU RY. CO.
* LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
, Snn Francisco to San Rafael*
TIBTJRON FERRY— FOOT OF MAKKET Si*.
WEEK DAYS- 7:10. »:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35. 1:30.
»:10, <:30 p. m. Thurodays— Extra Ulp at X1:>1
IX ID. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 aad
U:30 p. m.
STJNDATS-«:00. »:». 11:00 a. m.; l:». t:Ml
5:00. ,«:20 p. m.
San Rafael to Sam FrancHc^
WEEK DATS— «:W, 7:50. S2Q, U:10 ¦. m.; tt:«j
1:40. S:10 p. m. Saturday*— Eattra trlp» at rJ*
SUNDAYS^ :10. 9:40, U:10 a, m.i 1:40. IiM.
6'W 8 "25 P- m. . •¦•
¦ Between San Francisco and. Schoetzctt Pars,
'same schedule as above. -. '
L«ave f~la~Effect I ArrlT»
San Francisco. XXat. 7. 1900. [ San Francisco.
Week I San- I • I Sun- I
Days. I ¦ days. I Dgstlnatlon. ! days. I Pay.
7:30 am S.COaai Novato. 10:40 am $:« am
1:30 pm »:30am PeUluma, J:05pmM:»a«
6:16 pm S:«» pm Santa Rosa. ZJSa pm »g P«
" ¦-* " r . ruiton. uL.«_ '
' I'M am -Windsor. vk'Ja aaa
' - .- i Healdiburs,
Lytton,
G«ysenrllle,
'tM pm »:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pmf »a» pm
7:J0 ami I Hopland 1 [
, • . I g:00 am| and Uklah. [ 7:35 pm> «:O pm
; :30 am ~ ' ' TtfaSan
. %M am Gnernevllle. T:35 pm "
; 8:30 pm ¦ f <:S pm
' 7: JO am 8:00 am Sonoma. 1:15 am 3:40 am
¦ - - - and
5:lCpir, 6:0tpm GIco Ellen. C:0Spm «:apm
¦-T^amti^a^ap 116:40 am 11»^M aa
»:3O pm! 5:00 pm| SebajtoDol. | 7^S pmt «^8 pan
Stacea connect at Santa Rosa for *2ark_West
Sprtacs and White Sulphur Springs; at. Fnltoo
for Altnjria: at t-Ttton for Lytton Sprtow; at
GeyservUle for Skagsts Springs; at Cloverdaia
for th* Geysers; at Hopland for • Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvHle.-Cart»-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartletl
Springs; at CTclah for Vichy Springs. Saratosa
Iprinis. Bln« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake*. Wio*,
ISrlngs Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Va^T.
John^ Day's. Rlverstde. Llerley's. Buckr.eir*.
> Eanhedrlr. Heights. UoIlvlUe. Orr*s Hot Sprlnc*.
i Mendocmo City. Fort Bragg. Westport, I'm.
> Willetts, Laytonvllle. Cummtngs. Bell's Sprtnza,
! Harris, Olsen*. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
--.Saturday, to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • ¦ \
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Kara el at half rate*. . >.-¦*.— »ri mn.i
Ticket office. SSO Market St.. CbnmHt* l»ad-
tnc. B. X. R TAX.
H. C WH1T1XO. Qen. Pas*. Aft*
General Manager.
Just a little better
than any other train
v-^a little better ser-
vice— a more home-
like feeling on the
California :
LilllllCU
. . than you find else-
where, and ft runs
-like this:
j LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO' ..
9:00 a.m.....:...1Mo!Tu JWelTh|FrlIPat| Su
ARRIVES AT CHICAGO
2:15 p.m "...ITh |Frl|Sat|Su|MolTu [We
75 hours to Chicago
on the
Santa Fe.
ARE YOU G T BUFFALO?
THE
Great Wabash R, R.
» HAVE
A FIRST-CLASS TRAINS A
¦ JL From the West Direct J-
To BUFFALO and
EASTERN . POINTS WITHOUT CHANGE.
Ask ¦ Your Agent About the
WABASH.
C. S. CRANE. Q. P. A, '
st.« Louts, Mo. ¦•.-/;. \- ¦..;¦.'
'ROSS C. CLINE. P. d P. A..
~...;-i-. Lcs Angeles. Cal.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
.. Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'"l Local
Daily. Dallj^ Dally. Daily.
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00. a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:03 p 7:25 p
•• Merced..: 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a ........
V Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" VlFalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
¦• Bksfletd.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ....
•' Kan. City ..... 2:41a ?:3n a
" Chicago . 2:H p »:0ff p
a for morninsr. p f<5r afternoon. . .
9:C0 a. m. train 1s the California Limited.
'Carrying Pslace .Sleeping .Cars and Dlnlnz
' Cars through to'. Chicago. Chair Car run3
to Bakersfleld for aecommodatton of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are .honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daHy.
4;«jo p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond.
• ne "t r ain arrives at 11:05 a. rti. dally. •
J-CO p - m. Is the Overland Express, with
througn Palace, and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
trjondlns train arrives at B:5S p. m. dally.
7-20 a n». ¦ la Bakersfleld Local, stopplns
' »t all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
snondlng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offlce=-«4l Market street and In Ferry
]%epot. San Francisco: 1118 Broadway, Oak-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦ -_-. -Via' SauSallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1900l
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
FROM BAi aNd gAN KAFAELt
WEEK DAYS— S:35. "•9:15. 11:00 a. m.. *1:<3.
3 : l" 4CO. 6:15; •6:13. fi:4» p. m. .-.•••-.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on ' Mondays. "Wednesdays and Hatur-
*^}^£**&?**> ••-. n. : «. :
2-15. *M:45. 6:30, - 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Qu^ntin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL .TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:28. # «:30. 7:4o. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45, »3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p.m. - ¦ -:
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays •
»-> ' Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m. .
"SUNI>AYS-6:20. fM. •10:00. -11:43 a. m..
»1M0. -*2:15. .4:43. *«:30 p. m. . • :
Tralrs marked (?) start from San Quen tla.
l^ROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK- DAYS-3:45. «H3. 7:55. - 9:30 a. m..
l»-35 2:10, 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:J» p. m. -
: SUNDAYS— S:OS..; 10:03 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 1:39.
6:00. 6:4a v- H0TJG h TRAINS.
. «:55 a. nt. week days— Cazadero aa4 way
stations. . ¦ ' • • ', . '
1:« :p. m. Saturdays — Tomales aad .way
" 8 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way at*-,
tlons. • " ...
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Vi3 SausaUto Ferry— Foot of Market St
W.imruii. , »«. saw rw»m.
1:43 p.m. [•-*"• r. WEE *- DAYS —.—-{ firs p. x.
' •4:<»p.M.)StayevernIghtattheTAVEiis-ilO-^»A.M.
8:(10a. M.I - ¦ ' -f, ." .f lrfWp.jf.
10:00 a. H. i SUNDAYS i 3 **> p -*-
• 1:15p.m.) - . • I 5:55p.m.
-¦ ¦¦ Fare. San Franeisen to Snicmtt and Retirn. $1.4(1.
Ticket OfBces. 671 Market at., &. Sausnlito Ferry.
aBr.GibWn'spispensaiy, I
G29 KF.ABXY RT. Kstablished
In 1S34 for the treatment of rrtvate
DLieasesi. I,n*t Manhood. * Debility or
¦1i.sf as- wearlncorr bitdy and mind and
Sktn Disestscs. The Doctorcnres wl«*n
others fail. Try htm.- . rbarjres low.
4'urr«ffnnri»n«e«-U. Call or write.
X>r. J. F. CJIBBON, sau Francisco, Cat - _ .'
MCSJCALJWST^CMBXTS— jCo^^
WY person having use for a piano can be ac-
* cosnrnodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'b with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
griven to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Steinway any time within
three yean? from dete of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for ?6 cash and $6 per
n-.onth W> offer to sell some good pianos at
Stf. ?4 and '$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY.
£-'<~O., Steinway dealers, comer Kearny and
Sutter Bts.. Pan Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth st., Oakland.
AUSOLITELT lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 "Novella upright. ..SCT.ll Schiller v..$2G5
1 Emerson upright.'. SSI Giibler 133
j Vose &j|t Waverly 1£2
; Stelnwayi 1S.1 up|l Fisher upright.... 113
2 Heincs 315 upjl Mason-Hamlin .. 290
1 HaSlet -Davis 4o5;i Hardman So
I Behr Bros SSTil Miller 125
iund fifty others; rcntftd and rent allowed;
rents $.3 up; we handle nil makes; agents
for some of the oldest and most famous
j.ianos in exlFt»nce; agents wanted. HEINE
riANO CO.. 217 Geary gt. * ¦
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
v.cst of Chicago ts KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2G.
TS ami 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs ami
nil other musical Instruments of all grades
find priefs: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thljyr possible done to please aad satisfy the
customer.
.' PIAICO enaps— $60. $73. ISO. J12S. $130; easy
pavments; bIso Apollo slightly used. a. bar-
rain. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell
tX., Chlckerlng agency.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. 6COTT-
« X'RTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes Et.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
can get Ftorage pianos almost for a song— $6
ix>r month — dirt cheap. - . -''
F<">u rale — Cpurtois slide trombone; new. Call
or address 741A Howa'rd st.
FIXF- J-pedal standard upright piano; sacri-
ficed account o? death. CIS Eddy, nr. Larkin. |
S135— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
217 Geary St., rocm SS.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos, fir.5 up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE, 2200 Flllmore St.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Steinway,
Knabe end others. BRUENN. SOS Post Et
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 331 Jones gt.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck". Hartman. Con-
over end others. Wiley B. AHeii Co.. 514 Post.
BARGAIN— Most bo sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
A XKARLY new prnnd upricht cheap: brilliant,
pov.'crfal tones. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. S33 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
ST'PKRIOR violins. zi f her». oM and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
J-TORE and 4 living rooms; profitable location;
S branch bakery, notion store or other business.
Apply 936 Harrison et.. near Sixth, bet. 9
and E; rent 115.
STORE, 14 Steuart, near Market; fine business
location; rent $45; reduced from $75.
FRONT furnished apartments suitable for doc-
tor or dentist. 25S Geary; call bet. 2 and 4.
OIL..
THlTw. R. THOMAS~CO.-^Oil Lands In the
best districts; Investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a good investment: water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big., 464 9th, Oakland.
THREE cents per share; safest oil investment:
is expected to po up to $2 per sharp in a few
months; tend for prospectus. Pacific States
Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post Et.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine st. !
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country- Correspondence Solicited.
OIL company Just forming; you can get In dii
ETOund floor for little money. Box 284t, Call
office.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
elw, cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
WILL dred choice tract as subsidy for boring
well. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood blflg.
OIL LANDS.
75.000 ACRES oil land in various counties for
Jpsrp and rale. BOBIXSOW. 36 Geary St.. r. 6.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
\\ ALL paper, window shades; rooms papered; $J
> up. Jensen & Bath. 30S Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
II. JEUOME FOSSELLI. Fcilrjtinc palmlstC lil?
Taylor ft., bet. Grary and Post: tel. Black 5SL
g| PATENTS^ A^D^IM^SHJNjj.^^^ I
AIJVJCE Tree: no charge unless successful, j
<*.r.O, y. CAMPB?!LU lAvryf"-. Examiner big. \
VAULVLHS WAXT1CD.
WANTED — Doctor as partner on new discov-
ery. I?ox ?027. C^ll office.
PERSOXALS.
A— IK your hair ts falling or you are bald, call
en DR. -G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary St.. and you j
will net be disappointed; this remedy Is poel> j
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all I
r-art* of th* world: call or eend for circular, j
THE Microbane Medical Co.. lemoved to 411
CJtery et.. where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, railing hair and dan-
drjff ; Microbane Hair Grow*r cures all cases;
wo also remove superfluous hair; call and see
ct. Microbane Medical CO.. 411 'Geary sL i
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured It
i-crr.*; $3; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S33 Polk sU, San Francisco.
SOLDIER!?' ranvas sitrhels. s>p"?clal prices;
T0-in.. 75c; all Fizes: 26-ln.. $1 35; small ones, j
SHo; everything for lunch. SMITHS' 27
MurkPt et.
FUR coats fcr Alaska anJ the north, half
r-riee an<1 lrf«. cIoFinr: reurular Alaska out-
rittere. SMITHS'. 27 Market st. /"¦ i
REYYARD-WV) raid if your wrinkles, freckles
or kan. hair return after our treatment; sam- |
plr fn-p et branch office. N. Y. Institute of
Gls*iro\v bldg-.. VBk Ellis st..S.F. j
A I'HYSICIAN mskinsf a special study of dia-
bctes desires a Bew more patients. Box 208)5, |
<>1! office. I
ROY WALKERS mother call at the home on
Franklin tt. ; her boy is quite sick. M. Me- I
GLADERT. \
FPRIN'O stylfs SunforJ pattern* now ready,
•nemmic" office. 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth, j
OLD prld. silver, diam -n^s and precious stones
bought.- J-R. JEXKEU m Market St. . .
JAMES* Detective Kureau. YT, Montgomery St.,
'_ room *!: phone Bush 2SS; charges reasonable.
li WEEKLY- Suits to order from penulne
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress 3uits. t2» up: ele-
gant overcoat*. $15 up. LEON LEMO3, 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
IXECTRIC light In every room-Winchester
Hctel. U Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
. 2Sc to $1 EC per night; $1 50 to J6 per week-
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to learn hairflresslnx. hair work, man-
icurini:: private lesson* 'cr class. MISS A V
DOTLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Nesg."
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or docble. 12 !i EASTERN O.JTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-iras Stockton St.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' orporience. J. B. RAT. 337 Jessie sL
Ladies" & rents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold: J. Silverman. 8S4 Folrom; tel. Folsom 11M.
/I.FREDUMS Errptlan Henna; restores Rray
hair to 1U natural color; tl: at all druggists.
"KIXGSLAKD Art Colors," for leather, wood
snd pbotos. at all first-class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA-& CO.. US Ellis: teL Red 13SS.
M A SQL'HR A DE costumes, play books, wlps;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
"lectric needle. MISS EATOX. IU» Sutter st.
UR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
"wti rvre: Tie: sll drumcists.
rnvsiciAxs axd surgkoxs.
t>R. C. C. O'DbN^LL^-Offle* and resldenc*.
JOilhi Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
UR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body: - see
:estimr,r.;a1« at oTflce.ni5-117 Mason, nr. Fills.
UKAL ESTATE CITY KOlt SAM!.
CHOICE build'nff lots ia Richmond at «xce«?d-
'.nplj- low prices, reacJy for building- and with
a:l the street work rtone. Every one of the
bcyei-B to whom I solu loti last month can
jret an ad.var.ee en the price thev paid. I
n*ve some splendid harrains. Call and satisfy
yourselves. Pome cf the lots can be bought
for almost half what they cost. Not far out
and cars passing {n front. It is cheaper to
buy one of t :»-.*•• Iot3 and build than to pay
rent. V.'. J. GfS.N. £30 California st.
IF you have lots In tiae sand flrlft Aetween
Fifteenth ave. and the ocean, nortlT of the
Park bTA you want to cell then call on \V.
J. G1TXX. £30 Calif oraia sL ¦
JCEW offlcc; real ««tate and fire Insurance bro-
kers — Wanted — Lantfs and houses on sale and
rent. A. BALDASSI & CO., 2CC Montsomery,
fcvcr.u*. ' • . . "¦¦•'.-
LOT In Mission— Corner. S3x»0: desirable .lo-
cality, residence district; suitable for grocery,
no ©j-posltlon. Apply 7S1 Stevenaoo «*-
RE A L ESTATE -CI1 Y— POU • 8 ALE.
tJSOO .....
1 Splendid vacant comer on. Fourth st.; suit-
able for business, grocery and flats; size
SSxlOO; a big bargain; worth $200 a front foot;
must be eold this week; only vacant corner
to be had. Apply to BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. «.
SSTZO— JUST completed; Pacific Heights; artis-
tic residence on Jack&on 6t., near Baker,
built by day work, containing 11 sunny
rooms; very handsomely decorated; mosaic,
marble and Roman brick finish; heaters and
registers; electric 6orvice and every lcnown
possible convenience required In a flrst-class
residence; terms to suit. Apply on above
premises from 10 until 2 o'clock.
I HAVE turned in an offer of $5650 for a 'lot
in this city on south side of Brannan st.,
. No. 3C9, between Second and Third: Improve-
' ments; rent J&5 per month; size of lot 37:6x
137:6, belonging to estate of DAVID ROY, de-
ceased; can be bought by raising said offer
10 per cent on April 17 at Department 8,
Judge Coffey's court. A. PALLIES. executor
of the will, 318 Davis st. . --.,•;
FOR the beet located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury, builder, 1333 Market.
IF you have lots to sell north of th« Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to . any address In the
United States or Canada me year for $1.
KKAL ESTATE COUXTKY For Sale
IN the healthiest and best part of Placer Co.;
20 acres fruit; best varieties; 16 acres in bear-
Ing; fine' fence, barn and house; good water;
one mile from depot; ideal place made by
practical man with experience; will sell
clrt-ap on account of leaving the country. R.
E.. box 2SO4. Call oCfice. -
RANCH for sale — i3 acre«: ¥1 In prunes and op
pies; 10 In Rrapen; louse, bam, ' springs.
Apply owner, M. MELLOT Lsxlngton Hotel,
Alma P. O.. Santa Clara County, Cal.
160 ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
a stock of merchandise. Address L. H. MON-
ROE. Placerville. Cal. - ¦
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. by Call building,
pells hotels, lodging-houser. stores, ' etc.
Printed lists of farms and city property.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$2750— BARGAIN ; finest location In Alameda;
fine 8-room cottage; large lot. HAMMOND
& HAMMOND. Santa Clara St.. near Park.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
4 ACRES in choice fruit, 5-r. cottage, etc.; for
salecheap. Ad.C.Michel,Elmhurst,Alameda Co.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE!.
$10,000 HOME; cost to build $15,000; io rooms
and bath; lot 80 feet frontage; almost at
Fourteenth and Broadway; choicest location;
space will not permit in the ad extolling its
charming qualities; finest and best home ever
offered for sale at such a sacrifice; must bo
eold to close an estate; seeing is believing;
call early. J. S. MYERS & CO., 1CC2 Broad-
way. Oakland.
$1650 FOR a $2000 property in East Berkeley;
2 blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything;; sunny and a beautiful
neighborhood; we are instructed to sell with-
out reserve; $400 cash. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. ¦
$2300 FOR a splendid 7-room house; driveway;
large lot; in perfect condition; originally cost
$4500; owner going East and must sell before
leaving; first come, first served. J. S.
MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE— Oakland home cheap; house of 6
rooms and bath; small store; 2 lots, each
25x133 feet; street work all done; good loca-
tion; only $1200; would give time. W. WAL-
TERS, 35 Julian ave.. San Francisco.
FOR sale or '-exchange — A new 13-room house
tnd stable for cottage. Inquire 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND nOOJISAXD. BOARD.
ALCOVE room. $10; side room, $8; board if d«-
sired. 11 M Jefferson st. ' ' :
OAKLAND FLRX1TCRB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 414—3 sunny newly papered
rooms, with sink and bath. ,. • - .
ELLIS; 597—2 funny housekeeping rooms;
pleasant and convenient; $16.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin — Extra large bay-
window, $14; with use of kitchen, $17.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— $7. 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
GOLDEN- GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms, nicely furnished; gas. bath.
HOWARD. 761%— Nicely furnished bay window;
other rooms; man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
HOWARD, 917—1 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room. $10: housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1606— A single furnished room in
private family; also 2 housekeeping rooms;
rent very cheap.
JESSIE, 312. near Fourth— 2 good housekeeping
rooms; also 1 sunny front room!
LANGTON. 256i,4— Three sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family. '
MCALLISTER, 641 — 2 n<-« completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; b&th, phone; rent reas.
MISSION. 8C2H, near Fifth— Sunny furnished
bay-window housekeeping suite. $16 month.
POLK. 367. near McAllister— Nicely furnished
bay-window sunny front room; porcelain
bath, hot and cold water; reasonable. • •
STOCKTON". 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping:; rent «heap. •
TWEXTV- FOURTH, 53.70— 2 or • 3 large sunny
front connecting rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; private family.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
FUbrcriptior.s . has been * established . at . 1093
Valencia St. ' . - . •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rw<>jved nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillr"or«> *t
ROOMS TO. LET Furn. and. t'r.fnrn.
AHLBORN. HOTEL. S21 Grant ave.— Best dON
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; l2.rge rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms SOc up: flrst-cliss meals 23c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night;. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA. 34, off Fourth— Large sunny front
room; also eingle room; private family. -
ELDER Room-renting 3ureau. 22 Kearny st.--
TeL Red 23S4 rooms fui-.?is!ied or unfurnished.
ELLIS. 706 — Xewly furnished room; use of
parlor and piano; rent reasonable. ¦-
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 730—1 large sunny front
rorm; 1 large sunny back room, suitable for
2; bath; private; German. • /. .
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, ' en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevators
HENRIETTA square, 7—2 or 3 partly furnish-
ed rooms U>r housekeeping; reasonable;
closet* and bath. . '
HOWARD, 917—2 grand housekeeping rooms,
$14; also gnnny front rooms. $10. . • ,
JESSIE. 363— Furnished room; 15. *;
LAJJQTON. S29— 3 sunny rooms to let; cheap
, rent- Inquire at 1264 Folsom st. . . -
O^FARRELL. 20— Sun^> furnished rooms and
offlces: elevator; elec. lights; day. weeK. mo.
ROYAL Hcuse. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms, per nieht. Sic to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month. $S to. $W: citvator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ,
ROSEDALE House, S1V-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth »t-,
near Market— FurnUhcd or unfurnished. '
SHOTWELL, , 121. near Sixteenth— Furnished
front room, $3 50 per month.
TAYLOR. 106— Light airy rooms, $5 up; also
furnished housekeeping rooms. . .
._ VAN NESS. 930 .......:,
Bachelor's . apartments: elegantly, furnished;
all couth rooms: references. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllroore »t.
A BRANCH.offie* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been established at 1094
Valencia st. .
ROOMS AND BOARD.,:;
AT the old Stevenson mansion, "opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California rt.. may-
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive . and. sightly rooms ! at modest rates.
A KM ALL family (4 adults) have large, sunny
room: suitable for two persons; quift, com-
fortable home. 1S12 Franklin st. -
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Eleg. large
sunny rm: also single rms, with board; refs.
BOARD with or without rooms in private fam-
¦ lly. 129 Hyde et. ¦ . , „ ¦
HANDSOMELY refurnished rooms; board first
class. 2l6l Central ave.. Alameda. '
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED. .
GENTLEMAN wishes sunny room with board
- In private family or small boarding-house I in
Western Addition; state terms. Box 2S76, Call;
CHEAPEST and best In America— The ."Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address .- in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. . ;
• ; SPECIAL NOTICES. v ;'""' / -.;
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake st., San Francisco,
• Cal., hao received the following- orphan and
half-orphan girls from January 1 to April 1;
1901: Alice F. Debis, 10, years; Eleanor Rob-
erts, • 2 . years 10 months; Mary Phillips, 7
years; Annie Sharman, fi. years;. Harriet
Kharman, 3 years 4 months :. Lillian L.-Kos-
felt, 2 years 7 months; Bertha Koepp, 3
years 5 months; Pauline E. Olson. 9 years 5
months; Frances Follls, 10 years 6 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19; tel. 3580.
MATERNITY' HOSPITAL. 997 Market St.— La-
dles during confinement w. 10 days' care. $20.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address" In - the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. -.'.- ...¦'.. ¦
SEWIXG^ BIACHIXBS AX^^SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 MiSRlon. nr. 13th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; nee'dlea and
shuttles;. reduced rates. 145 6th; phone ?Jlnt 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLplT^t7r^gT^nd^Movlns~Co^
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
UEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2J20 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. ¦ 840 Mls-
slon st. ; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFU3S.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-W-fl
. sell better machines for less money than any
hour;e in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Ilain.2GC.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
SATT^R^NC^C^r^XprliriloT^^T^^ co-
partnership heretofore existing- between . F.
A. GILLEY and C. H. AMEY, both of the
city and county of San IJrancisco, State of
California, transacting business in Bald city
and county of- San 'Francisco under the firm
name of F. A. GILLEY & CO.. is hereby
dissolved, the said F. A. GILLEY having
paid the said C. H. AMEY the Sum of one
thousand dollars | (|1000), the receipt where-
of is hereby acknowledged, and it is hereby
agreed that the said F. A. GILLEY .shall
collect and receive all accounts or claims ow-
ing to the late firm as aforesaid, and shall
assume all liabilities of said firm. ¦
In' witness whereof the 6aid F. A. GILLEY
and C. H. AMEY have hereunto set - their
hands the day and year first above written.
. . : i F: A. GILLEY,
. • C. H. AMEY.
Witness. L. SONNTAG. .*;
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-^Di\idend No 90 (twenty
¦ cents per share) of the Hutehinson Sugar
Plantation Co., will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market i st., San
Francisco, on and after Saturday, April 20,
1901. Transfer books close Saturday, April
13. 1901. at 12 o'clock m.
E..H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
A3v^R^HsE^]^"f^OfflcT^f~tnTrch7eT?^En^
glneer. Division of the Philippines,. Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals " for
constructing "a harbor at Alanlla. P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m.. August 1. 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to-be done Includes about ISO, 000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry In-" breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic -yards of . dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredginsr In mud, sand
p.nd shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming 'land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
•work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
Of the amount bid. The right Is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For speclflchtions and
blank forms apply to this office* .Bureau of
Insular Affairs. Washington. D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offlces at New York. Chl-
oajro and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDIaE,
Captain. Engineers. . - • ¦ ¦
MAEBIAGE LICENSES. \
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: • >-'.'/¦. ., . ¦
Clarence B. Lund. 32, Oakland, and Abbie
M. Holt. 26. Oakland. , ;v.> - ;..;.. » .
Thomas M. Maloney, 34, Vallejo, and " Mary
B. Smith. 31. Vallejo. •
Erico Arrlehl, 39, 6 Bartol street, and Eu-
genia Brodato. 29, 427^4 Broadway,
Milton H. Esberg. 25, 2211 - Pacific avenue,
and Caroline S. Lilienthal, 20, 1510 Van Ness
avenue.
Leon Morgen, 34, Whatcom. -"Wash. , and Car-
rie Frank. 23, 2425 Flllmore street.
¦ Joseph A. Dias, 25, Oakland, and Katie A.
Dowd, 24, Oakland.
Isadorew Tuchler," 26, 214 McAllister street,
and Clara Lichtenstein, "• 18, 719 . Hampshire st.
John H. Jenkins. 40. 31S6 Twenty-fourth
street, and Annie Rawlston, 39. 31S6 Twenty-
fourth street." . • .
Robert Stewart. 38, 120 Prospect place, and
Delphine Vollmer. 41, 1412 Powell street."
James J. Murphy, 29, 342A Prospect avenue,
and Mamie King. 21. Berkeley. . -.-¦
BIRTHS— MABMASES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriasre and. death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. . .
BORN.
LENHOFF— In this city, April 3, 1901, to the
¦wife of William Lenhoff, a daughter.
WOODBURY— In this city, March 29, 1901, to
the wife of L. AV. Woodbury. ¦ a daughter.
— — — — — — .
BURTCHAELL-FIELD-In this city,. April'3,'
1901. by the Rev. E.*J. Lion. Bartholomew. M.
Burtchaell of San Rafael and Alice Field of
San Francisco. > . ' ; -
BUSHNELL— JURS— In this city, April 10, 1901
by the Rev. Philip Coombe; Charles R. Bush-
: nell and Anna Louise Juts, both, of San
¦ Francisco. - ¦
: FOLLETT— MENDIA— In this city, April S
1901, by the Rev. Philip Coombe. Edwin E
Follett of San Francisco and May Mendla of
Wateonvllle. LVj- ! ; - " ¦.
DIED. ; ' :: " "¦¦
Barr, Kannie B. " Marvin. Mary M. \
• Caffyn. Daemar . Megowen, r Marsaret
Carr, Sophia -: --.v • Mietzsch, Lena
Canrlll, Orrin S. . O'Donnell, ; John F.
Cashmanj William C. O'Keefe. David '
Ciancrullo. Frank « O'Keefe, Mrs. M
Crowley. Marsraret -. O" Neill. Patrick H.
Crownmshteld. C, B. Peterson, James
Cunningham. Z. H. Phillips, Jennie
Deeney, Nellie Reddy, Edward A.
Degnan. Bridget • Riesenbarg, Julius F.
Dolan. Patrick ; Roberts. Honald H ¦
Gillett. Lueetta R. Ronold3on. John - -
Hale, Mahala • ¦-.. Schaertrer. John A.
Hart, William - Scheurlng, Caroline
¦emberger, Julia Bhelton, Annie • '¦
. Hennlnger,' Elis» Smith. Owen.'.'
- Jacquenot, Madeline Sweeney, Emily J.
Jones. Mrs. Ann J. Thuener. limit
Kenealy, Nicholas Trautner.Hermann G.
Kentzell. Robert W. ¦- Tumelty, JEtta :
Kinney, Georce G. Vail. Charles H.
Lange. Charle# Walsh, Charles
McDaniels. jCharles Walsh. Charles A.'
McDonnell. Michael "Weber, John — V
- McGiffin, Maria . . Wiener, Bella A. -j
McKeown, Alice Wynn, Mary E.
McMahon, Peter ____
BARR— In this 'city. April *10, " 1301, Fannie
¦ Blanc. Barr, widow of the late John D. Barr
and mother of Stewart, Milton, .William, Ed-
win. Lottie, Marcus,, May, Florence and the
late Fannie A. - Barr, aged 6J years.
ETFriends are respectfully Invited . to at-
tend the " funeral this day (FridasO,' at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 3030 .Wash-
' infiton street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
CAFFYN-In this city. April • 10. ' 1901. Dagmar.
. beloved wife of Fred Caffyn. and sister of
.Mrs. J. H._Claussen and E. \V..r Walter and
Miss Elfrelda ¦ Bruentnsr, a -native of - St."
Louis, Mo. (St. Louis,. Mo., and Seattle!
. Wash., papers please copy.) ;^ .
. C?"ii>e funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from. the parlors of
" H." F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission I street, • be-
tween Seventh 'and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate. . >'.
CARR— In Pleasanton, April 9, 1901. : Sophia,'
¦ beloved wife of T. J. Carr.and daughter of
the late Matthew J. Crooks, a native of San
. Francisco, ased 25 yeare.\^ieS^J»*J&S«Md»lBM|
CARVILL— In this city, April 10, ; 1901, at his
residence, 1S34 O'Farrell >• street. : opposite
Pierce, OrrJn S., d«arly . beloved husband 0/
Delia Carvill, and- father of A. D.'.Carv'illof
. San ¦ Francisco, Mrm. ¦. J. M. - Steadman :¦ ¦ of
' Portland, , Me.. \ Mrs. "X. - E. ; Cousins : of > Ala-
rheda and. Mrs. George H. Pippy of San
' . Francisco, "a. native of Lewiston, : Me., aged
• 74 years. ¦ ¦ •< V " .
tD^Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
¦ : fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Saturday), • at : 9:30 ¦ o'clock, from ; his< late
residence, 1S34 - O'Farrell street, . * opposite
- Pierce, thence to - St. • Dominic's Church. ;Cor-
. ner Steiner and Bush streets, where a • sol-
emn requiem high mass wfll be celebrated for
the repose (ft his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,. by
carriage. 1 . ; : , ' ,
CASHMAN— In this city, April 11, 1901, Wil-
, Ham C, beloved husband of Margaret Ca«h-
man. and father of .William, John, Margaret,'
David, Maurice, James and Thomas Cash-
. man and Mrs. George . A. Rice, a native -of
! County Cork, . Ireland, aged 60" years 7 months
and 16 days.;" < . " . '—' •/ ,
|. tC3 r Friends and acquaintances are respect--
". fully invited to attend >, the funeral Sunday,
April 14, at 8:20 o' clock. ' from his late re«i-
: dence, 620 Oak street," thence to Sacred Hea\rt
' Church, Fell and . Flllmore , streets, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
, CIANCRULLO— In Oakland, April 10, 1901,
'Frank, husband ' of Sarah Antonuccio - Clan-
• crullo, a native of Italy, aged 48 years and
10 days. : ¦ • ",'y;^ . > :
1 (C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'¦¦ (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, -from his ¦ late reai-
dence, 1012 Fifth street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception. Interment St.
i Mary's Cemetery.
; CROWLEY— In this city, April W. 1901, - Mar-
, . garet. relict of the late John 1 Dr. Crowley,
I dearly beloved . mother of Mamie Crowley,
and ' sister of John Sullivan, a native of
- County Cork, -Ireland, aged 63 years. ;
; (t7 Friends and acquaintances arerespect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 303 Ivy avenue, between Franklin and"
¦ . Gough streets, thenc"e to -St." Mary's Cathe-
dral for sen Ices. : - Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. - ¦
CROWNINSHIELD— In the City and County
' Hospital, April 11, 1S01. Charles B. Crownln-
shield, a native of Massachusetts, ased 79
, years. . ¦••..'¦ ...\.
CUNNINGHAM— In Windsor, Sonoma County.
Cal., Z. H. Cunningham, beloved husband of -
Martha Ann Cunningham, and father of Mrs.
Lewis Hamlin and William L. , Cunningham,
a native of East Pittson, Me., aged 58 years
' 6 months and 29 days. (Massachusetts and
Maine papers please copy.).
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- service*
at chapel of- I. O.- O. • F. Crematory, San
, Francisco, this day (Friday),- at 12 o'clock.
DEENEY— In this city, ' April 11. 1901, Nellie
Deeney, beloved mother of George, Grace,
Nellie, Annie. Roger, Rosie • and the late
Mary Deeney, a native of New Orleans, aged
48 years 9 months and 4 days.
DEGNAN— In this city, April 10, 1901. Bridget
Degnan, beloved widow of the late Domlnick
Degnan, and beloved mother • of ¦ Thtfmas P.
Degnan, Mrs. Mary .McGrath, Mrs. T Annie
Burgrr and the late Michael and Joseph Deg-
nan, a native ofiCounty Sligo, Ireland, aged
74 years and 4 months. .
. CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2805. Fine street, • between Baker, and
1 Lyon, thence to St. Dominic's I Church, cor-
ner Bush and Steiner streets, where a sol-,
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for'
the repose of her soul, commencing - at \»
'¦ o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOLAN— In this city, , April -11, 1901, Patrick,'
beloved son. of the late James and Margaret
Dolan,: and brether of John and- Margaret
Dolan, the late; Dominlck Dolan and Mrs.
Mary McNeigh, • a native of the parish of
• Carman, County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 33
years 4 months and 29 days.
1 E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrt>w
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, f rom • the parlors
J I of-J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
; thence to St. Francis Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass, will be celebrated
1 " for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
: o'clock. Interment Holy Cross. Cemetery.
I GILLETT— In this city, April 10, 1901. Lueetta
R., beloved wife of Dr.' Mi!o J. Gillett, a
native of New York. .-"•:« ¦ ' *
{CTFriends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her - late resi-
. ' dence, 127 Ellis street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. , .
• HALE-7-In this city, April 10, 1901. ¦ Mahala, be-
loved : wife of William E. Hale, mother of
William Hale, daughter of the late William
'¦ P. Roberts and Louisa Robert3. and beloved
. . sister of Mrs. K. Valbush, Mrs.- J. T. Hale
and Alice Roberts, a native of Oakland, Cal.,
, aged 19 years 8 months and 20 days.-
HART— In this city. April 9. 1901. William, be-
1 loved husband of the late Elizabeth Hart,
and father of William and Mary Hart, a na-
tive' of County Leitrim,' Ireland.
! tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from his late residence, 1325 Sacra-
mento street, at 2 o'clock.' • thence to St.
" Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, for ser-
vices commencing at 2:30. o'clock. . Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HEMUERGER-In this city, April 7. 1901,'
• Julia Hemberirer. dearly beloved mother of
1 Mrs.'-L. KIpp, 'Mrs, F. Erios, Mrs. F. K.
Dedrick,' Mrs.- L.' Burmeister and Frank,
j Rose, Albert ' and Edward Hemberger, 'a na-
. live. -of .Baden,. Germany, »£ed 57 ..years and
14 days. (Baden, Germany, papers .please
copy.) ..
[CTFriends and acquaintances" are respect- -
.. fully tnvited: to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at .8:30 o'clock,- from her late resi-
dence, . 118 Drumm street, near Clay, thence
to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Jones and Leavenworth streets, '
Where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, cbmmenc*
ing at 9 o'clock. ¦ Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.- ; • . . • - •
HENNINGBR— In this city, April 11, 1901,
Elise Henninger, beloved wife of Henry Hen-
nlnger, and mother "of Emma. Carl and
Henry Hennineer, . a native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 28 years 4 months and 17 days.
JACQUENOT — In - this " city, April 10, 1901,
,Madeline, younsrest and beloved daughter of
. Lizzie and the -late Goorge , Jacquenot, and
sister of. James, Clarlse and George Jacque-
-¦' not, a native, of San Francisco, aged 2 years
11 - months and 12 days. - : . : ,\
inyFrfen'ds and ¦ acquaintances are -respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 542- Birch avenue, near I<aguna
street. Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery..
JONES— In Oakland. April 10, 1901, Mrs. Ann
Jane Jones, sister of Mrs. E. A. Spaldlng-of
San Francisco, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 84 years and 19 days. ' ': .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral sarvlces
this, day (Friday), at -11:15 o'clock, at the
residence of James . Taylor, 1211 Clay' street,
Oakland, leavins on 12 o'clock creek boat,
interment Masonic Cemetery. San Francisco.
KENEALY— In this city, April 10. . 1901, Nicho-
las, beloved husband of Mary Kenealy. father
of Elizabeth 'Kenealy, and brother of James
Kenealy. a native of Glenlara, County Cork,
. Ireland, aged 43 years and 1 month. <: (Chi-
cago papers please copy.) ..
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fuyy Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:W o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1112 Castro street, thence to St. James
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, , com-
. mencing at 10 o'clock. . Interment Holy Croas
Cemetery. : . ¦ , > . . . .:-¦
KENTZELL— In this city. April 10, 1901, Rob-
ert W., beloved husband of Jennie Kentzell,'
father of Myrtle and Leohide Kentzell, and
brother of Theodore, Richard. 'James and
Joseoh Kentzel!. a native of San Francisco.
age<f- 32 years 3 months and. 20 days.
ICTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3462 Eighteenth' street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn: Cemetery. ¦ -. : ¦
KINNET- In this city, .April 11,-1901. George
.G. Klnney. beloved husband of .Mary. J. . Kin-
¦ ney, and father of Genevieve, Harold and
CTaude.Kinney. " . . ¦.-. -¦'¦ -. ¦ . ,
E7"Notlce or funeral hereafter. .
LANGE- In • this* city, entered Into rest, April
11, 1201, i at his .- residence. 1 Spruce street,
Charles, beloved husband of Mary e. Lange,
and devoted father of Charles W.. Lange,.
Mrs. J. R. Kelly, Mrs. F. S. Kates. : Mrs. S.
Jacob!", William A. Lange, Mrs. L. Smith
and the late John F. Lansre and Mrs. J. J.
-Fuller, a; native of Hanover, Germany, aged
,74 years. and 2 months. . • •
McDANlELS— In this city, April 10, 1901,
Charles McDaniels, a native of Austria, aged
¦ 42 '.years. . . ' - - .-,-'..
...v.(rjr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Saturday),* at -2:30 o'clock. - from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Masni
street, between Geary and "O'Farrell. 'Inter-
ment Laurel Hill . Cemetery.
MCDONNELL — In - Oakland, ".' ; April . 11. 1901."
Michael McDonnell, beloved husband - of
Mariah - McDonnell. ¦ father cf Annie L. . and
James. P. McDonnell, and brother of John.
Patrick and Jiftnes McDonnell, Mrs. Edward
Cavanaugh and Mrs. '.Ellen Heriihy. a native
of Ireland, aged 34 years. .. ¦ . . - .-. ¦ -. .,-
. iCJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at- 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. S2G Linden : street, thence to ' the
Church of the Immaeulate Conception, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of Ms soul, commencing at: 10 o'clock.'
' Interment . St. ¦ Mary's Cemeterj-. Oakland. •
McGIFFIN— In this city. April 10, 1901, Maria,
; beloved wife of Joseph McGIffln, jand mother
"HENRY J. GALliAGHER CO. J
* -• <£ucccEsor to Flannagan & Gallagheh)
.. DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. V
jfUNERAL DIRECTORS ANlr EMBALMED*.
Vi Fifth rt.. opposite Lincoln School. • -
•r- ...'.:.¦ Telephone Couth SO. v ;; ;." • •- •
jambs McGinn^ { I
-; Formerly ; with McGinn * Bros., has opened I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.,-bet. I
•Taylor and; Jo:ies.- -Telephone- South 676. t
I. - . mcA VO"V'. :'Os.\ CO.. t|
FCXERAIi.DIRECTORS &'. EHBALMERS, I
123$ Market St.. between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone South ;247. *. ¦¦'•: •-: I
: UNITED UNDERTAKERS,. I
V V and'2J Fifth sti' TeL -South' 1«. -
1UHEBAI.; DIRECTOa? kSDJ EKBALMER J.
>" . Finest '- Equipment at- Moderate- • Rate». *_ ;
of Joseph A. and Charles A. McGif fin, a na-
- tlve of Florida, : aged 61 years. ' - f : ,
CTFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Friday) at 9:30 o'clock, • from her late resi-
dence, 701 Stockton street, corner of, Califor-
nia, , thence ; to St.»Mary's Church. California
street, . where a solemn requiem mass -will be
• celebrated for the . repose of her soul, com-
• mencing- at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
• Cemetery, by -11:30 o'clock train from Third
. .and'Townsend streets. - ' . .
McKEOWN— There will be an anniversary, re-
I qulem high mass for the late Alice McKeown
-. to-morrow (Saturday) morning-, at 8 o'clock.
at: St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate ave-
nue, near Jones . street. '
McMAHON— In this city, April 11. 1901, Peter
r McMahon, ¦¦>• husband of the late Ann Mc-
-. Mahon, and- father of Henry McMahon, Mrs.
/": Eliza Deutch and the late Mrs. . Frank - J.
¦ Stanton, a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
land aged 68 years 7 months and 21 days. A
member of. James A. Garfleld- Post *No." 34.
G. A. R. • --,.-- ¦¦£¦
inJ'Friends and ! acaualntances : are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), 1 , af 9:30 o'clock, from his late
¦ residence, 1223 '4 - Geary street, thence to St.
. Mary's . Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
• of, his .soul. , commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ;".': . ¦»,- -.
MARVIN— In- this : city, April 11. 1901, IMary
M., baioved wife .of - W. E. Marvin, and
daughter of,Mrs. A. Kelly.'a native' of San
Francisco. -.-¦ : . -¦-.• •-
-'¦ -- tTFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully' invited to attend the funeral this. day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock,' from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van. Ness avenue,
thence to St. Brigld's Church. Van Ness ave-
nue and Broadway, - where a' requiem mass
will .be oelebrated for the repose of her soul,
commenclns at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. , -¦ . . ¦•..••
MEOOffEN- In Emeryville, April 11. 1901.
"Margaret Meffowen,. mother ' of • David and
Margaret Mejowen and ' Mrs. James Des-
-mond, a native of Scotland, aged 75 years.-
MIETZSCH— In this city. April 11. 1901. Lena
Mietzsch, beloved wife of Ernest Mietzsch.
and mother of Mrs. W. Berkhout. '¦ Mrs. B«»>
: Page and Charles E. Mietzsch. a native. of
Prussia, aged 63 years 3 months and 17 days.
O'DONNELLr— In this city.'April 11, 1901. John
Francis, beloved husband of Mary E. O'Don-
nell; father of . May, , Frank, Raymond- and
• Edward O'Donnell. njid son-in-law of John
Dolan, a. native of Boston. Mass.
O'KEEFE— In this city. -April 10. 1901, David
O'Keefe,' beloved brother of Michael Norrls.
a native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 83
years.'-* ¦¦-¦ - •¦ > ,.' :. ' ".-•'•¦. .. .' . - '.' »
ICyFtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Friday), at -9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -325 Hayes " street, thence to St. ".¦ Jo-
, seph's . Church, where, a requiem high mass
will be • celebrated i for the repose of hl« soul
at 10. o'clock.. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.- / -> • ;-.»,¦- ¦
O" KEEFE— In this city, April 11, 1901, Mrs.
Margaret O'Keefe, a native of Ireland, aged
81 year?.- ¦¦...* . ¦ ... ¦
CJ'Frierids and ¦ acaualntances are -¦ respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
'of her daughter, ; Mrs. • E. J." Baker, 754 Bry-
ant street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'NEILL—In this city, -April 11. 1901, Patrick
. H. O'Neill. ¦ beloved ' husband - of Bridget
O'Neill, : father of Alice O'Neill, and* brother
of Cornelius, .', Michael , and Stephen O'Neill
and Mrs. R. E.^Cole,: a native of County
.Cork, Ireland, ¦ aged 51 years. (Skibbreen pa-
pers please copy.);-/: ¦ ¦
(CFriends and acqaalntances-and members
of Court Star of theAVest No. 6956. A. O. F.,
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
Sunday, AprtlI4, at 1:30 O'clock, from the
residence of ' his sister, Mrs. R. E. Cole, 634
Folsom street, between Second and Third,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. :¦:• . " .•¦., ¦ , ..••¦¦ .-'..
PETERSON— In Sacramento; April S, 1901.
James, ¦ beloved husband of Annie M. Peter-
son, .father of Emmett J. : Peterson, brother
of Louis and H: C. ¦ Peterson; and brOther-In-
law of Charles. F. Curry, a native of Den-
" mark, aged 37 years 11 months and 17 days. .
PH1LIJPS— In this city. April 10, 1901. Jennie
Phillips, a native of London, England, aged
.60 yeard. ... -.
REDDY— In. this city, April- 10, 1901, Edward
A. Reddy, a native of AVoonsocket. R.I.
• ' [CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the faneral this day (Friday), at 10:30
. • o'clock, "-from St. Ignatius Church, corner
,'. Hayes street and Van - Ness avenue, ¦ where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. « :?.-¦'
RIESENBERG-mn Fruitvale, ¦' April 11, 1901,
Julius F., beloved husband of Tlllie Ries-
enberg, and son of Julius and Marie Rle-sen-
, bere, ¦ a native i of Germany, ¦ aged 35 years.
.: (Burlington. - Ohio, papers please copy.) • •
tC?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully I Invited . to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
»* Firsts Danish Norwegian Church', East Four-
- teenth street and Twenty-fifth avenue. In-
.terment Mountain View Cemeterj'.-.i^ *""; -
¦ ROBERTS— In this city, April 11, 1901, Ronald
Holmes Roberts,' dearly beloved and youngest
son of J. G. and ¦ Constance Roberts, and
brother of George R. Roberts, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year 10 months, and
• 17 days. ...
CTThe funeral services will be held-this
.. day (Friday), at the'residence of his parents,
2505. Green street, at 9:13 o'clock. *,; Interment,
'via' electric cat from Eighteenth' and Guer-
• rero streets, - Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RONOLDSON— In this city, April 10, 1901, John
Ronoldson, -a • native of . London, England,
aged 27 years and 10 months.
f, ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend - the funeral - thl3 day
•(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the , parlors of
H. F.- Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
trveen ' Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount,
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
I Eighth and Harrison streets.
SCHAERTZEK— In this city/April 10.' 1901.
-John A. Schaertzer, dearly beloved husband
of Barbara ; Schaertzer, and father of Mrs.
, C. J. Turre, Mrs. P. R. Haley," Mrs. E. R.
. Fletcher and Henry C. Fred C, John A.,
Joseph P., Charles. H., Eddie and Barbara
Schaortzer, • a native of Bavaria, Germany,
aged C3 years and 11 months. • . ¦
ICFrlends and , acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral 1 this- day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, . from the Independsnt
Order of Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush street.
Where servleee will be held under the aus-
pices Of Pacific Stamm No. 66, U. O. R. M..
• Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at
the funeral parlors of H."F. Maass, 917 Mis-
sion street. '¦ ? " - - ¦.;,"--":
SCHEURING— In this city, April 11, 1901, Caro-
line, , beloved wife of Nlcolaus Scheurlng,
mother of . Louise ¦ Scheuringr, and sister' of
-. Neuberger Walhart," a native of Aberhafen,
Tyrol, Austria, aged 34 years 11 months and
7 days. • . .
tC^Frlendsand acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. V F; Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street. ,be-
, tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Anthony's Church, Army ! street, near Fol-
som, for. services at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery. J . •-.- .¦:
SHELTON— In this city, April 10, 1901, Annie.
" beloved wife of Daniel Sheltoti, and mother
of Thomas, James and the late ' Frank . Shel-
ton, a' native of Liverpool, England, aged 50
• years. • .-' '¦• -¦• - • . • . .
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited "to attend the funeral this. day
(Friday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J."- C." O'Connor & Co., .. 767 Mission street,
thence ' to ' St. Patrick's Church for' services
,at. 2 "vo' clock. Interment . Mount Calvary
SMITH— In this city, April 10, 1901, Owen, be-
foved husband of the late Bridget Smith, and
. lovingr father of Mary A., John C. and James
J. -Smith, a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land, azed 71 years. • ¦ • • ,- ••'"
jC7Frlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
-(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
dehce,' : 4138 Twenty-fifth street,' thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a Volcmn requiem mass
¦ will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
¦ commencing- at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
' Crops Cemetery. . ?
SWEKJfEY^-In Oakland, Aprll_Jl, 1901, Emily
J.,- beloved wife of ",W. T. Sweeney, a' na-
tive of Suisun, Cal., agrcd 29 yearst :•
THUENER— In this elty. April 11, 1901, Emil,
dearly beloved • son of Henry and Dora Thue-
. ner, and brother of William, Harry, . Stella,
Flossie and Loretta Thuener, < a native of
Cleveland. Ohio, " aged IS years. . .•
TRAUTNER— In this city, April 11. 1901, Her-
". mann Gustave Trautner, dearly beloved hus-
' band : of Elisabeth Trautner." father of Lily
and ¦. Herrman Trautner, and brother of
Charles Trautner, a native of Kahla. Thur-
lngen, Germany, | aged .68 years and 13 days.
" A member of Gesellschaf t Tcutonia. : . .
' . (C^Frlends- and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. Sunday.
April 14, 'at 2 . o'clock, from - his late . resi-
dence, 716 Fell street, between AVetster and
- Flllmore. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TtlMELTY — In ¦*¦ Somersville, Contra » Costa
' ¦ County; . April : 9. 1901. Etta, beloved wife of
'John Tumelty, beloved mother of J. T. Tum-
elty, daughter of. Thomas and Annie Jones,
granddaughter of John and the late Margaret
Jones, . and sister of Albert F. and George
Jones, a native of Somersville. Contra Costa
County, Cal., aged 26 years. 2 months and 16
Ity Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully • invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her aunt. Mrs. J. P. Hughes. ¦ 143S Guerrero
1 street, corner of Army. -Interment Cypresa
Lawn ¦ Cemetery. •
VAIL-- In this city, April li; 1901, Charles H.
Vail.' father of Robert, . Charles . and Francis
Vail! , e. • native ; of • Chester, - N. T. , aped • 7»
years. . -y~ .
WALSH— Irr the City and County Hospital,
April 11. " 1901, Charles Walsh, a native of
California, aged 28 years." •
WALPH— In this city. April. 11, 190L Charles
' "A * Wateh,". beloved brother of Mrs. » Charles
«• Denny and James, John, George and Maude
Walsh, a native of San Francisco, axed 23
: - " C?"Notfce~of ; funeral hereafter.
WEBF.R— In Ocean -View, April .11, 1901, : John,
' ¦¦ beloved I non , of i Julius and Margaret . Weber.
'-¦ and - brother of Mrs. ' Henry Ickler and 'Julia
'•-¦ and - I^ottic "Weber, - a native • of 'Brookljrn,
-'N."T.,' aged. 29 years and 12 days. , -. -
E7"Friends and ; aco.uaintances are respect-
•¦- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Saturday).- at 2 o'clock, from the residence
• -"cf his -parents. Ocean View. -. • ; .
WIENER— In Corte Madera, ; April $. 1901, Bella
'1 A:, -wife ".of Uhe ¦ late ' Adolph -Wiener,: and
'mother otGustave," Jacob and Emma Wiener,
" a native of Germany, aged 66 years, v:;,
' - .. tc?" Friends ¦ and ' acqtlalntanc^3 • are respect-
fully Invited 'to attends the. funeral :thl3 day
¦ ; (Friday), at 10 , o'clock; from the family resl-
¦ dPnce, 504 Buchanan street. * Interment 1 Hi 11s
of : Et«*nlty- Cemetery. . by:fl:30 o'clock, tram
'. '¦ from .Third and streets. ' .
.WYNN— In 't Alameda,' - . April ; • li;-..'l901,' Mary
Ellen I Wypn. beloved mother of Margaret
"W'ynn, daughter of Mrs. Mary, Smith,: and
sister of Peter H. : Smith and Mrs. Margaret
Bertram. • T a ¦. native of • New ..York, aged • 32
years 1 month and 4 days. ¦ »- »
Delighted Witli
the Route
I came over the Burlington two years ago and
was delighted with the route. As my parents ex-
.'. ; ;¦.-.:.'¦ pect to visit southern California the coming
November, I would be pleased for them to come
the same way. Please send them information.
E. J. Brown, Chula Vista, Cal.
•---'•• The Burlington Overland Excursions leave San Francisco Tuesdays
ifd^fr^V?^ and ThurKh}' s — Omaha, Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago —
ijjm^^^j EVERYWHERE East. Tickets and berths at—
|^3jfjfm^^j * Ticket Office, 631 Market Street
' |^SaBaBfe^»al W. D.'Sanborn, General Agent San Francisco.The President .upon his arrival at. the Third and Townsend street depot
will be met by, a committee consisting of James D. Phelan, Mayor: F. S.
Stratton. Collector of the Port; Joseph S. - Spear, ' Surveyor; General "William
R. Shatter, U. S. A.; Admiral Casey, IT. S. N., Irving M. Scott, Henry V.
Brandenstein, A: A. Watkins, Claus Spreckels, F. W. Dohrmann, General R. H.
Warfield. A. Sbarboro, George A, Newhall, J. M. Gleaves, P. H. McCarthy,
Horace" Davis, A. D. Cutler.
I I Telegrams have been received from Washington signifying that the Presi
dentis inclined to accept the proffered hospitalities of , the Union League
Club. Plans have been formed by the executive committee for the entertain
ment of the President at a luncheon to be given at the Palace Hotel under
'the auspices of : the club immediately after the launching of the battleship
Ohio en Saturday, May 18. It was originally planned to entertain the Presi
dential party at the Union Iron W ; orks, but the programme iv. this respect
was changed to meet the desires of tre club, without imposing additional tax
on the President's time. . . .."«•;"¦
• District committees: District 1— M. J. Brandenstein. G. A. Scheer; 2— E. ¦ S.,Roths
child, Henry Payot, C. G. Young, "W. "W. Baker, Charles R. Havens; 3— Moses Greene
baum,: Henry Sonntag, John A. Hammersmith, C. S. Benedict; 4— J. "W. Raphael, Eu
gene Korn.R. D. Davis; 5— M. S. Kohlberg; &— Louis Pock wltz; 8— G. A. Scheer; J—
Norman Otto; 10— "W. B. Hooper, Leopold MIchels. Joseph Howell; II— F. H. Whelan;
12 — Albert* Castle; 13 — Frank Bates, ,'ohn F. Slebe,'/ Gisberto Granucci; 14 — E. P. Dan
forth; 15— Captain "W. G. Leale; 16— James B. Steeris, P. Cavagnaro, J. E. Nash; 17—
Al Gerberding. S. B. Welch. A. Zellerbach; 18— H. H. Colby; 15— H. H. Colby; 20-T.
G..Nearny; 21— J. A. Whltesldes; 22— E. W. CurVIer: 23— M. R. Krlegbaum; 24— 'a. Arter;
25— E. J. Ensign; 26— M. G. Pumphrey; 27— Adam Heunisch; 28— Georjre D. Clark; 29—
Charles E. Miller, Andrew Carrigan; 30— S. J.Hendy; 31— Harry. Blngham. J. X Ja
cobl, Percy 'T. Morgan; 32— Charles Bundschu. Charles Runyon; 33— John Gill; Jerome
E. Stanford; 34— Milton E. Baker; 33— E. M. Elliot; 35— Max Davis, "W. H. Jordan;
37— Frank A. : Vail, H. "W. Thorpe; 3*-W. H. ftilner; 3&-C. M. Cole. C. B. Perkins,
David Hughes: 40^Marshall Hale; 41— "W. Z. King; 42— S. B. Maule; 43— J. M. Long;
44— D. R. McNeil; 45— CM.- Plum, Thomas H. B. ..Varney; 46— E. Dunne; 47— "W. J. Pat
toelen.H. B. Arnold ; 4S—L. ¦ A. Rea, L Shemanskl. • -
Special committees: City Hall and Hall of Justice— John Lackmann. "William Brod
erick; commltteemen at large— Julius Kahr. Charles L. Patton; wholesale liquor deal
ers—John C. Lynch; retail liquor dealers— Peter J. TVenlger.. Isaac Deutch, Rudle Fisch
beck..W. - J. - Sullivan, "Hugo Hornlein. William Boeder. Ted Lunstedt, Charles New
man, «Cy, Green; carpets and furniture— Clrrence "Walter; banks— S. G. Murphy. Adolph
Schmidt; insurance— Rudolph Herald Jr.. "W. J. Dutton. John Landers; shipping— A.
C. Freese, Charles M. Goodall, A. M. Simpson; railroads— F. W. Dohrmanir, Charles
Holbrook; Chinese— George H. Plppy; ; hotels— G. XV. Kingsbury. J. C. Young. CM.
Brennan; restaurants— Frank "W. Marston. Ferdinand Zlnkand. "William ¦ Bogen. Henry
S. Martin. Michel Debret; Federal offices— f! S. Stratton. Joseph S. Spear Jr., Daniel
T. Cole, Julius Jacobs; public corporations— John I. Sabin. PeJham Ames; theaters-
John Morrisey, Melville Marx, "Walter Morosco, Alfred Bouvler; drayage and ware
houses—James McNab, Edward H. Dangfcrth; butchers— J. . H. McMenomy. " .
There have been published recently various versions or statements re
garding the itinerary of the President's outing.' The Call receives authentic in
telligence direct from Washington that the itinerary Js still under considera
tion and will not be approved until next Saturday. It will be published in
this journal immediately after its approval by the President. F. "W. Dohr
mann, chairman of the executive council of finance of the San Francisco
general committee, has completed the work of appointing sub-committees to
collect funds. The following assignments to duty by districts and in special
fields are announced: . > •' .
"The President Is a plain man, whose lifelong associations have been with
the people, and I am sure that he will be pleased If his speech making be con
fined to one occasion, and that as public as possible. When he** speaks he
says something, and it will be more satisfactory to him and. the people if it
be said all at once, thus, relieving him of the. burden of serious -speeches on
every appearance. He and his Cabinet have their dally business to transact
during all of the coming trip, and a programme that occupies all of "their
working hours is inconsistent with their comfort and their public duty.
"There will be many ladies in the party and I am sure their welfare will
be consulted if the women of the State relieve them of some of the weariness
of public functions and give them frequent opportunity to see our home life
in; repose.'' . - ¦ . .
"The President looks forward with the liveliest pleasure to his Western
trip, but I think he is somewhat appalled by the overwhelming heartiness'of
the California hospitality ., which is to be offered to him. The succession of
functions here should not exceed the holiday allowance of the President.
We should not forget that he is a very hard working man and should try to
make his outing as real a vacation as possible. The strain which is hardest
on a man in his position is the making of many speeches. fSun sure we will
please 'and rest, him by having his speech making limited if possible to one
occasion in San" Francisco, and to that the public— all the people— should have
access. - • ¦ . ¦ .
Colonel Irish in an interview, yesterday said:
Succession of Functions.
Colonel John P. Irish, who came home from the East yesterday, saw the
President several times in Washington, and at every interview the proposed
trip to the coast was a topic that.engaged the President's special interest.
• When The Call on March 21 published the official programme as reluct
antly approved by the President, public attention was called to the number
of functions embraced in the general list. The executive committee sought to
make the , burden lighter, and listened to a suggestion that the proposed ex
cursion to Mount Tamalpais should be excluded. When the suggestion was
submitted to the President he promptly objected to the revision, saying that
he wanted to go to the mountain; provided the morning was not foggy, and if
fog prevailed, he desired to rest In San Francisco. Every message from Wash-'
ington signifies that the President is s parring for rest. -
Tne Accepted Programme.
"visit to this city will not afford him a real , vacation. Every Califor
;nian who has visited the White House recently brings home the same story
of the President's desire for. an outing— for an opportunity : to rest, visit the
'interesting places and see the sights. The accepted programme, however, • pro
;poses to make his daily life in. San Francisco one constant round of functions
and receptions. If the societies and organizations which have been clamoring
i for ."the President's presence at their special functions do not come for
-ward and make some concessions to his desire for rest and recreation, the ex
ecutive committee should-' proceed to perform the heroic duty of canceling en
gagements. • .
citizens'- executive committee appointed to arrange plans for the
, II President's sojourn In San Francisco may be impelled by force of clr-
II cumstances~ to revise the programme and cut out some of. the func-
UL '; tions. . President McKInley is beginning to be apprehensive that his
rtcKinley Is Seeking Rest and Not a
Round of Receptions and Honors.
PRESIDENTIAL PLANS
UNDERGOING REVISION
; . Following our usual custom during this I
month, we will close ; out 'a big. lot ' of odd j
framed ; pictures j at exactly /one-half price.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741" Market street." • : > j
Closing Out Odd . Lots, i
¦ William ' Penrose. the - aged : ex-school
teacher; who -was. knocked down ¦ by/; a
Chinese laundry wagon last MonJay even
ing, died from his Injuries at 6:50 p.m. on
Wednesday; at the Lane Hospital.
Succumbs to His Injuries.
day at the Lane HosDttal.! He entered the
hospital . Tuesday Buffering ¦ from appen
dicitis and submitted to an operation. He
apparently rallied, .but was greatly weak
ened and passed away yesterday, morning.'
Mr. Chambers. had been connected with
the* mining 'interests at "this State •: for
many.: years. ¦» He came here when a young
man : and became lntei euted in I the • mines
located In' Plumas County. -He was'an ex
pert | in • his I business i and I was I selected b by
Hearst' and .Haggin to attend to the pur
chase-of the. great Oneida mine in Utah.,
Upon j completing •' the purchase he was
made superintendent oMhe mine and held
that- position , up to the time of his death;
¦:¦ Mr. 'Chambers was 65 years of age and a
native of Ohio. He made his home in San
Francisco and remained here until Mils
duties called him to Salt Lake City. .He
was a widower,, his wife having died four
ago. -'¦:.'.. ' ~- , • .' • .'
.. •" . to Appendicitis. '
Craig; Chambers, superintendent
of the | famous Oneldai mine, died yester-
tendent of the Oneida,, Succumbs
PIONEEB MINING MAN"
• DIES AT JaAHFE HOSPITAL
Robert \ Craig' ; . Chambers, Superin-
PECULIAR OLD DEED APPEARS
UNEXPECTEDLY IN BELL ESTATE
. John i H. . Cordes, who - shot arid fatally
wounded John Carlson'and Peter SjOrgren
inf a 'saloon at .436 ; Pacific street . early
Thursday morning, April 4, while firing at
a woman, Kitty Eisel,' with whom he had
lived, was able to appear in ; Judge •; Con
lan's; court yesterday. . . He tried to butt
his brains out in his cell in the City Prison
on the. morning: he was 'arrested and had
been confined in the City and County Hos
pital since, - He was instructed as : to his
rights.: and the -two| cases . of i :, murder
asainst him \ were continued for a .week, v
John H. Cqrdes Arraigned.
A deed was filed in the Recorder's office
yesterday from Thomas Bell and Teresa
Bell ,to Mary E. . Ple'asant showing that
the Bell homestead on Octavia and Bush
streets was conveyed to the last named
just twenty-one years ago. The document
is dated April 13, 1880, and Is recorded at
the reauest of George' R. Eaton. It con
veys to Mrs. Pleasant two lots on , the
south' side of.Sutter; street, 165' feet east
of Jones, measuring 45:10 by 137:6 feet, and
on; the 'southwest corner of Octavia and
Bush streets running 137:6 feet by 275 feet,
being part of "Western Addition block 199;
on which- the old ' Bell ' homestead "now
stands.
The deed, recites that Teresa Bell was
the sole owner of the property, which was
acquired by her before ¦ marriage. The
consideration mentioned is $1, and the
deed ,wa* acknowledged by;TVilllam Har
ney, a notary public, and witnessed by
W. C. Burnett. -
. I The records show that previous to the
filing of the deed the;Sutter-street prop
erty . stood in the name of Mrs. . Pleasant
and the homestead property in that of
Mrs.' Bell.
According to T. Z. Blakeman, attorney
for Mrs. Bell, this deed will be of little
avail against the estate, as on the same
date as this deed, was made a grant; bar
gain and, sale deed covering ' the same
property was made • by - "Mammy" Plea
sant to Thomas Bell and wife ¦ and duly
recorded. . The deed filed yesterday fig-'
ured in recent litigation and was released
by ' Judge ¦¦¦ Hebbard from t his custody
about, two months 'ago. '. r •
George" R. 'Eaton, who presented the
deed ; for*- record, • is • the assignee of Mr.-.
Pleasant in her Involuntary insolvency
proceedings.
A note for $5000. which has al3o been «.
subject - of . litigation and which passed
through" the - hands of . E. .. L. Reese of
Bodie 1 arid a' party named Hopkins, also
figures in the case.. Eaton* is, alleged to
have | sent ; an agent recently - to Mrs. Bell
asking for ¦ an interview . with Eaton, but
she: declined -to meet -him.' Eaton on this
occasion is said' to have. offered to with
draw, and 1 : destroy the deeds if Mrs. Bell
would comply, with certain I •
- "This deed, 1 , in • my • opinion." . said . Mr.
Blakeman f last night, ¦ "after going en
record - does ¦ not ' cast the : least (shadow
of: a cloud on Mrs, Bell's title. I have
known of the existence of this deed for
more ; than : a . year past, and. know .in
whose possession it has been during that
time. ; : I suppose the party who filed . the
Document Executed flore Than Twenty Years Ago
ariti Showing Transfer of Homestead.
deed may think it will throw a cloud
on Mrs/ Bell's title.. We consider It of so
little value that we will not even ask
that it be legally set aside." -w
.Lucius. Solomons' attorneys, who prose
cuted the case in which the deed was an
exhibit, it Is alleged, secured Us return
from the clerk of Judge Hebbard's court
during the absence of Mrs. Bell's attor
ney from the city. • This occurred early
in the year, and the deed has . been hel 1
out as a menace ever since.
- Mrs. Bell is again occupying the old
family mansion. Mammy Pleasant is said
to have gone to pastures new, and Fred
Bell has settled down to a business life.
COMES TO LECTURE TO
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS
Dr. Tucker, President of Dartmouth Col
.: lege, Arrives in This City."
SUDDEN SHIFT
OF SERGEANTS
Harper, Duke, Burnett and
Tobin Will Exchange
Beats To-Day.
«
Sudden- Changes In Captain Witt
man's Division Are Mad© With
out Any Explanation
Being Given.
Orders we're Issued last night for a gen
eral shifting around of the sergeants of
Company A of Captain Wittman's division
of the police force and the sergeants are
wondering what It all means. Every ser
geant in the company has been trans
ferred and the only explanation thus far
vouchsafed Is that the changes are made
for the good of the service.
The order goes into effect this morniijg.
Sergeant Duke goes to the north end sta
tion, relieving Sergeant Harper, who is
transferred to O'Farrell street Sergeant
Burnett goes from O'Farrell street to the
Central station, relieving Sergeant Tobin.
who will take Duke's place at the City
Hall station.
It Is said that there is no significance
In these transfers, but the fact remains
that the order was totally unexpected and
caused considerable uneasiness.
HOUSEMEN DECBY POOR
CONDITION OF SPEEDWAY
Drivers' Association. Members Object
to /Neglect of Their Favorite
Stretch.
The San Francisco Drivers' Association
had under discussion at its meeting in the
Palace Hotel Tuesday night the condition
of the speed track in Golden Gate Park.
It developed during the meeting that more
than one of the members had noticed the
"cuppy," dusty and decidedly poor condi
tion of the stretch of road devoted to their
use in the park. The members were not
a bit backward in declaring their opinions
on the decided leaning toward the chauf
feurs and cyclists displayed by those who
know, no thing of the comforts which can
be derived from a drive over a good road
behind a lively horse. •
While the drivers concede- that the auto
mobllist and the cyclist are worthy of
even.' attention, and while they are will-
Ing to grant them the same rights which
the horsemen have always enjoyed, they
do not think that those who are not given
to taking up ' the newest methods of
traveling should be neglected. The
cyclists have their pathway and it Is kept
in good condition. This, the drivers con
tend, is what they are entltfled to and they
have not the least objection to Its being
kept ko. but they do think that while the
question cf the rights and privileges to be
afforded the wheelmen and the steam or
electric carriage enthusiast are under
discussion the existence of the driver ajid
the delight he derives from riding over a
good roadway should not be forgotten.
The drivers also say that a drive over
the speedway in its present condition. is
a dri-ngerous undertaking and at- any mo
ment the life of a driver or a valuable
steed is at stake.
REV. DR. WILLIAM J. TUCKER. ¦¦
PRESIDENT OF DARTMOUTH
COLLEGE.
Charming Auxiliary Irecture.
"Wilbur A. Reaser of ICew,York delivered
the fourth of his series oT art lectures be
fore the ladies of the Channing Auxiliary
Society in the parlors of the First Uni
tarian Church yesterday afternoon. Mr.
Tteaser spoke on his bohemian days in
Paris and told many Interesting stories
illustrative of the lives of the art students
in the Latin Quartier. The final lecture
of the course will be delivered next
Thursday.
Stanford Professor Lectures.
Professor Goebel, head of the German
department at Stanford, lectured on the/
leg-end of Parsifal to a Jarre audience
in the parlors of the Young Men's Chris-
that he will appear In public before his
departure from San Francisco. : ...
"Water Front Steam Titters Meet.
The Water Front Steam Fitters and
Helpers met at Labor Hall, 1159 Mission
street, on Tuesday evening and elected
ofHcers for the ensuing year. A committee
was appointed to confer, with the San
Francisco Labor Council, v . :
p*Tf=a HE Rev. Dr. "William J. Tucker,
I president of Dartmouth College,
1 arrived in this city yesterday
il evening, accompanied by his wife.
He is staying at the- Palace. He
is but here on a special trip to lecture be
fore the students of the University of Cal
ifornia," and will address them in the gym
nasium of the college to-day at a quarter
past IL
Next Monday evening he will attend a
banquet at the Palace Hotel given In his
honor by the alumni of Dartmouth Col
lege. The event -will be an auspicious one,
as among the guests who have been in
vited and who have signified their in
tention of being present are some
of the brightest men on the Pa
cific Coast. 1 Among those who have
charge of the banquet are: Thomas Flint
Jr., president of the alumni; Rev. Dr. Wil
ley, C S. Wright, Professor Frank Mor
ton, president of the Boys' High School
of this city, .and W.-P. Johnson of Oak
land. Among the invited guests are Judge
Sears of Portland. Or., Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Hon.
Frank S. Streeter and Senator A. E. Nutt
of San Diego. ' '- — '• -¦ •
Dr. Tucker will probably remain on the
coast for some time. It is to be hoped
tlan Assocation building last night. "The
works of Wolfram von Eschonbach, a
lyric poet of the middle ages, were 'also
considered. Professor Goebel treated hi3
subjects from critical and historical points
of view and frequent illustrative readings
from the original were given. . .
Floor '< director, ' George V. Lerol; ; assistant
floor director, George L. Morgan; chairman on
reception, u James H. Boyer ; reception commit
tee—San Francisco Tent. H. ;L.' Tlckner, - T. J.
Harris. J. M. Jacobi, C. E. Jackson; Golden
"West ¦ Tent, Dr. I Z. 1 T. I Malaby. • O. - H. Packer
J. C. Sharp,. C. H. Classen; Pacific Tent. T.
W.. McDonald, A. Traube. Charles Moise, J. | B.
Croll. : Floor committee— San • Francisco ¦ Tent,
Dr. Josef I. Manson, D. B. Richards. . W. H.
"Waterhouse. E. H.. Stephens; Golden West
Tent, .G: C. Freeman, H. Ernest, I* A. Case.
H.A. Patten;. Pacific Tent, Pr. A'. J. Hlniker,
A. Roberts, . Dr. L. , Gross,- C. E. ; Hatch.
The supreme commander delivered an
interesting address, from which the mem
bers learned that at the close of the year
1900 the order, which was instituted : in
1S93, ' had a membership .of 84,657, distrib
uted- In 1835 subordinate hives. ¦ - Of the
membership 65,336. are in the beneficial
branch and 19,321 in the social branch. The
gain during the year was 188 hives, with
237S members. Four, hundred and twenty
five death claims, amounting to $411,379,
and twenty-two disability claims, amount
ing to • $2400, : were paid during the year.
The total Income during the year was
$638,180. : The fund on hand at the end. of
the year: was: In . the life benefit fund
$90,521, emergency fund $196,400 and general
fund $7054. This, the speaker said, \vas>a
pretty good financial showing. for an.or
ganization composed exclusively of women
and managed exclusively by 'worn en.
Last evening there -was a ; grand 1 recep
tion and ball in. Golden Gate Hall, given
by. San Francisco, Golden West and Pa
cific tents, of the Knights of the Macca
bees to Supreme Record-keeper Siegle and
the visiting delegates to the State conven
tion. After a presentation of the supreme
officer to- the assemblage there were . ad
dresses by the supreme record-keeper; Dr.
Hanchett, J supreme medical i examiner:
Mrs. 'Lillian M. Hollister, supreme com
mander of • the i Lady : Maccabees, and S.
W. Hall, State commander. These were
followed by the grand march, and- a" well
arranged programme of dances. The func
tion was -under the direction of the fol
lowing committees: . , ,
> All the delegates to the State convention
of the Ladles of the Maccabees responded
at rollcall' yesterday when- the convention
was, called to order -by State Deputy Su
preme Commander Lady Eudocia S.Mof
fat;in. Golden Gate Hall. ' She introduced
Supreme Commander Lady, Hollister, after
which the following. named: were appoint
ed as. the officers of the convention:' Past
commander, Sophia E: Keyms; lieutenant
commander, Mary Ashby of Sacramento;
record-keeper, . Mary ¦: E. * Clark of ' Pasa
dena; finance-keeper, E.Dean of Los An
geles; chaplain, Minnie Aydelotte of Oak
land; sergeant, Rebekah Penrod of Santa
Ana; mistress • at arms, Minnie. Ashcroft
of Riverside; sentry, Carrie Silvers of Los
Angeles; picket, Lillian Perry of Redondo;
press committee— Mary E. Clark of Pasa
dena, Louisa Balllie of San Bernardino,
Nellie Geddes of Sacramento; Carrie Rich
ards, chairman of the committee on cre
dentials; Mellissia Branstetter of Lomis
Hive, . chairman of the committee on new
business, and Harriet Barr of Woodland
Hive, chairman of the committee on reso
lutions." ' ; , .
Convention of: the Ladies of |
the -Maccabees--Recep
* -vtionHo^ Officials.
WORK BY DAY,
BALL AT NIGHT
• "Among the subjects on the programme j
for fixing:* of Crates' at this meeting are .
the General- Convention of. the Episcopal |
Church, which will be held in this city ir.' :
October; - the biennial .meeting of the
Knights ! of Pythias, to be held in ban
Francisco | in 1902: the General Assemb y
of the Presbyterian Church, to behelil
in Los Angeles in M&y. 1902; tho con ven-'
tion of the Federation of Women s Clubs, i
to take place in Los Arigcle3 in 1902; tno ;
convention of ihe Bautist Young People s .
Union, -to -be lield In Chicago in July of
this year;, the thirtv-nfth annual en
campment of the Grand Army of the Re
public in Cleveland in September, 1901; the
National Irrigation Congress at Colorado
Springs July 12 and 13 of this year: the
National Convention- of the Travelers
Protective I Association at Tortland, Ore.,
in 1902; and many other Important j mat
ters.". : ¦'¦ "¦ - '-¦¦' :i - ¦• i ¦¦ ¦ ' •" ¦ • .
.Among the delegates that will represent
their respective .railroad companies at tne I
meeting are:- '.t ¦•.:- .- -.- : . ¦.
John Sebastian, general passenger agent Chi
cago. Rock Island and Pacific: C. J. Charlton.
general passenger, agent Chicago and Alton; v. .
Bowes, assistant general passenger agent. Cm- ,
cago and Alton; George Morton, chief clerk;
Missouri, .' Kansas and Texas; "W. A. .Lalor.
assistant Keiitral passenger agent Chicago, bur
lington and: Qulncy; S. G. Hatch, assistant
general passenger agent Illinois Central; i.
E.-- Fisher. Ker.eral passenger, agent Colorado
and Southern; A. B. Smith, assistant general
passenger agent Burlington and Missouri; J. j
R. Buchanan, general passenger agent Fro- i
moht. Elkhorn and Missouri. Valley; A. F. ¦[
Merrill, assistant general passenger agent Chi- :
cago. Milwaukee and St. Paul; E. W. Thomp- . |
son, assistant general passenger agent Chicago, ,
Rock Island and Pacinc; W. J. Black; general
passenger; agent I Atchlson, Topeka and Santa
Fe; George D. Nicholson, passenger traffic j
manager > Atehison, Topeka, and Santa Fe; S. i
W. Manning, general New England agent o( \
the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe; E. H. j
Woodman, advertising agent Atchlson, Topeka
and Santa Fe; E.,0. McCormick. general pas- i
senger traffic manager • Southern Pacific and .
Assistant •: Passengrer Traffic Manager S. I.'
B.- Morse of the Southern Pacific. . . , . - I
.Railroad business of ereat importance j
will be transacted at the Transcontinental
Passenger. Association meeting that opens |
at Del Monte next Monday.' A large num- |
ber .of ? delegates now on ' their way f rota ,
the East to attend the convention will ar
rive In Los Angeles to-day. They ..will
leave Southern California Mondav morn
ing in • a special J train and go direct to
Monterey. . :'.- -" .
RAILROAD MEN
TO FIX RATES
/Transcontinental Passen-
to Meet
¦\ at DerMonte.
Matters of Importance to California
: Relating to Coming Conventions
in This State Will Be * ; •;.
Decided.
THE SAN FRANCISUO CALL, FRIDAY; APRIL 12, 1901.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•Ask .your, druggist 4 for a 50-cent pack-
age ; of: Stuart's : Dyspepsia Tablets,^ and
after a week's use note. the Improvement
1 in health, appetite ; and nervous energy. .
There is no danger of forming an in-
jurious habit: as the tablets contain ab-
solutely nothing but natural digestives-
cocaine, morphine and similar drugs have
no place An a stomach medicine -and
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are certainly
the best known and most popular of ail
stomach remedies.
People who make a a dally practice of
taking one or two , of Stuart's DysDeosia
Tablets after^ach meal a?Tsure^ to hkvt
perfect digestion.: which means perfect
health.
•But many of the most nutritious foods
are difficult of digestion and it is of no
use to advise brain workers to eat large-
ly of grains and vegetables where the
digestion is too weak to assimilate them
properly.
It Is always best to get the best re-
sults from our. food that some simple and
harmless digestive should be taken after
meals to assist the relaxed digestive or-
gans, and several years* experience have
proven Stuart's Dyspepsia .Tablets to be
a very, safe, pleasant and effective di-
gestive and a remedy which may be taken
dally with the best results. laKen
-Stuart's Dyspepsia- Tablets can hardly
be called a patent medicine/ as they do
not act on the bowels nor any particular
organ, but only on the food eaten Thev
supply , what weak stomachs lack Ded-
sln diastase. . and by stimulating the eas-
tric glands increase the natural secretion
of hydrochloric add. .
• As a general rule, meat once a day is
sufficient for all classes of men, women
and children, and grains, fruit and vege-
tables should constitute the bulk of food
eaten. .
Nearly every one will admit . that as
a nation we eat too much meat and too
little of vegetables and the grains.
For business men, office men and clerks,
and in fact every one. engaged In seden-
tary or indoor occupations, grains milk
and vegetables are -much more healthful.
Only men engaged in a severe outdoor
manual labor can live- on a heavy meat
diet and' continue in health.
Is of Little Benefit Unless It Is Di-
gested.
BRAIN FOOD
A profusion of
SUMMER
NOVELTIES
at MAGNIN'S,
A daily freshness of ever-
changing stock. Bright,
new, seasonable goods are
shown in every department
. — not the ordinary kind but '
the moSt " exclusive and
original designs — the best
products of domestic and
foreign skill.
Among this week's ar-
rivals are entirely new
i ideas and colorings in La-
dies' Waists; also many
unique and pretty effects in
Children's and Misses*
Dresses.
Special from Underwear Dep't
Our Corset Cover special
met with such approval last
Monday that we have de-
cided to again place on sale
the balance of those left in
stock at the same price.
Customers pronounce this
value extraordinary.
CORSET COVER SPECIALS
Four styles, made of nain-
sook; front handsomely
trimmed with Valenciennes
lace; effectively embroidered, -
$1.50 and $2.00 values. »
A few odds and ends in
corset covers; principally
purple; made of batiste
lawn; such as worn under
shirt waists —
Regularly Odd
60c. <£\Jk' Colors.
Special from Waist Dep't
ABOUT 50 INDIA
SILK SHIRT WAISTS.
Guaranteed fast black; our
own manufacture: perfect fit-
ting garments; handsomely
tucked front and back; been
selling them at $4.50—
Special from Summer Suit Dep't.
CHILDREN'S SAILOR SUITS
, 'Made^of all Hnen; extra
wide skirts; superior in style,
fit and finish; all sizes — 4 to
14 years —
"$1.35 I
Makers of Ladies'. Children's
* * 1 ¦ and Infants" Wear.
938=922 fiarket 51,
Between Powell and Ellis.
A Surprise
In handsome Furniture 13 one of the fj
most agreeable surprises that de- |
lights the mistress of a. home, espe- B
dally in such New and Beautiful H
designs In Bedroom Suits, Chiffon- u
lers, Sideboards, Extension Tables H
and Foldlns Beds. wh!ch we have n
been sellin&.ior the las.: few days at ||
20% discount I
For cash on our regular prices, m
This sale will continue only for the H
balance of this week. It is an op- ti
portunity seldom offered. H
All our good3 are marked In plain R
figures. «
CASH OR CREDIT. Q
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO., I
1O15-1O17 Market St. |
Tel.gonth 371. Opp. Taylor. Fj
DR.MCMJLTY.
rpHISWEtX-KIfOWIf ANDRKLIABLE OLD
: «- Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Gonorrhcaa,Gle<»t.
Stricture, seminal Weakness, Impotrnc* and their
allied. Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men. freeu
OY«!r20Tears>xperience.TernnireMoiiable. Hours.
9to3d*lly;«:30toS.30ev'gs. Sand»y<i,io to 12, ComroN
tulon free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddresa
P. BO8GOE SlearilLTY, H.D.
SC^ReaniySt, Han JFrancisfco. Ca>-
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
The most -wonderfnl *phrodl«lao *nd SpecUI
T S5! C i or . the Mal O""*. tor both wiefc
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neyt * nd T5 B1 » d< le r - Se»» on ita own m«rtt£
• ¦: NABER. ALFS * BRUNE, Arent*!^
ta Market rt.. S.S-.— <S«nd for ClrSu?a.>
REmpvEa
PATRICK <& CO.,
RUBBER STAMPS. ETC..
TO 221 SANSOME ST,
Between Pine and California, »ta.
JACKSON-STREET RESIDENCE,
NORTH ra^gai-B^su, ST.
. MUST BE SOLD. VERY CHEAP
THOS. MAGEE & SOX3,
5 ¦ Montgomery at.
IA/. T. HESS.
» • HOTAKT PTTSLIO A5D ATTOaKIT-AT-LAW.
I Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Clans Spreckels Bid-
' Telephone Brown m. " "
-Residence, ttl Calif ornU St.. b«low FoweU.
\ Ban Franclaco. .
wfy? 0-H-M I I,M"H"1-M-I I II 1 1 ,11 1 II 1 1 W-M ia..!»I ; -l-H ; .H»I"!"i'H'H"M-I-»'- ¦
fxS Have You Thought of His Summer Hat? We Have fe&l
X^ t ' : " I " : " I ' : : : ' : " : " Hi^ i: " :i: *-:":"H"M :::::: >:¦¦:¦•:¦: i m: i-ii-H-i-H-i-i-H^e LXi
¦ Jill B%T /% H Q^ORPORAr?D^I 1 P* » iAlL »^4
>J>^ ¦ \/ Aft fi aIjuL^sl^kJ cok^ kXJ
For your name and address we will mail you oup Catalogue on fYl
2L Spring and s ummcr Fashions. - 9^&^