President McKmley and
Members ol Cabinet to
Attend Funeral.
Words of Condolence
Prom All Parts
ol World.
HARRISON'S
L0SS MOURNED
UNIVERSALLY
Pistols for Two Will Be Re
sult ol Cbarge oi /
Treachery.
Anna Gould's Hus
band Must Fight
M. de Rodays.
COUNT BONI
SLAPS FACE
OF EDITOR
Eldridge E. Keith, president. Metropoli
tan National Bank, eue of the richest
banks in : Chicago.
Rollln A. Keyes of Franklin MacVcag*i
& Co.. the second largest grocery houso
In America. '
J. V. Farwell Jr. of J. V. Farwell & Co.,
rated as the third largest dry goods house,
In America. ' r '
James H. Eckels, president of the Chi
cago National Bank and ex-Comptroller
of Currency of the United States, who Is
one of the financial pillars of America,
John M. Clark, president of the Chicago
Telephone which does tho
greatest business of Its kind In the world.
CeneraJ Harrison. Arrangements have
been znale for a Joint meeting of the
State and Marion County bar associations
Znfi!&ca.polls held a meeting this afternoon
and drafted a memorial on the death 'of
Contlnued on Second Paga.
Continued on Second Pag*-
¦-..Ex-President Cleveland has telegraphed
that it; will' be 'impossible for him .to at
tend. Telegrams have been received from
Governor Beckham ol Kentucky. Gover
nor; Nash ¦ of Ohio. Governor Dietrich of
Nebraska; and {others. Among the teie
grairis received from foreign representa
tive's are those 'from Wu-Ting Fang.'Meac-.
ican*EnVba.ssador<-Azpiroz, T. Daggettau,'
Commissioner, from Porto Rico; Sir Rich
ard Webster of .London, who was chief
citizen.; The. people of the nation mourn
with you.. You .have; the heartfelt sym
pathy of -Mrs. McKmley and myself .In
this the hour of your overwhelming sor
row In your home."
All the members of General Harrison's
Cabinet have been, heard- from with; the
exception of- Redfleld, Proctor, who is. now
In Cuba. Telegrams have ' been received
from B. F. Tracey. Secretary "of the Navy;
Charles i Foster, Secretary-' of the " Treas
ury;.. John ,W. ' Noble, ' Secretary of ' the
Interior; S. B. Elklns, Secretary of .War;
John W., Foster,' Secretary of. State, and
John . Wariamaker. ; Postmaster .' General." '
¦ ; This morning • Mrs. Harrison received a
telegram from President' McKlhley which
read:;.'*-.:'._- • • .
; . "In ; .the death of -General : Harrison the
'country : has \ lost " a \ distinguished ; states- :
man, a devoted patriot and an exemplary
The body, will lie in state at the Capi
tol Saturday from 11 o'clock Intthe morn-.
ing until 10 a/clock' at night. Arrange-'
ments have been completed and the body
will be taken from ¦". the -home; Saturday^
morning, accompanied ] by a "military ; es-^
cort composed of the National Guard and
Grand Army t posts. Orders have} been Is-;
sued for" the ?. moblli zation k of * the •) entl re
National- Guard.^ 9 n ' Saturday, there < t will
be a military "display,, but ; the. wcerclsea
Sunday will be uhostentAtlous.' '
Remains to Lie in State.
has issued an order, requiring that ' tho
Circuit Courts throughout the State be
closed Saturday. ' '.
-Commercial Club of Boston— Robert M.
Burnett, president Joseph Burnett Com
pany, and Frederick B. Carpenter, George
O. Carpenter &' Son. Commercial Club of
Cincinnati— Edwin : G. Goshorn. manager
National Lead Company, and William
Worthing, attorney at law. Commercial
CLub.of St.. Louis — Isaac W. Morton, dl-
As guests of the Chicago Commercial
Club are. the- followln/r named gentlemen-
McFarland. Murray . Nelson. '¦ Byron L.
Smith,' A. A. Sprague, G. C. Walker and
General Wesley A. Morritt. U. S. A., re
tired/the dashing "soldier who commanded
In the campaign against the Sioux and
Cheyennes.
Included In the party are W. A. Fuller
of Palmer. Fuller & Co, Franklin Head.
Christopher Hotz, J. J.. Janes, Henry J.
• Edward P. RIpley, president of the Santa
Fe Railroad, which j new runs from San
Francisco to Chicaero. :
Robert T. Lincoln, president of the Pull
man Palace Sleeping Car Company aud
son of the lamented Abraham Lincoln.
The president of the sleeping car company
is rated as a millionaire many times over
Charles F. KlmbaJl. nresldent ¦ C ; P.
Kim ball Company, which ranks next to
the Studebaker Company as a manufac
turer of carriages and farming imple
ments.
SOME OF THE PRINCIPAL MEMBERS OF THE CHICAGO COMMERCIAL CLUB, ¦ REPRESENTING OVER OXE
BILLION DOLLARS IN WEALTH. WHO WILL ARRIVE THIS EVENING AND : BE ENTERTAINED BY SAN
FRANCISCCS REPRESENTATIVE CITIZENS. "
counsel for Great Britain In the Vene
zuelan case, and -Von Holleben, Imperial
German ¦ Embassador. '
Flags are at half-mast and buildings are
draped In mourning. While the body lies
in state to-morrow morning all the mer
chants In the city wii? drape their places
In mourning and business practically will
be suspended. The burial will be private.
Late this afternoon IV. H.- Miller. Rus
sell Harrison, Secretary Tibbetts and Col
onel Ransdell, who id in constant attend
ance at the Harrison home, visited an un-
Commercial Club Has a Gala Time at
the Seashore.
SAX DIEGO. March 14.— The Chicago
Commercial Club has come and gone and
another chapter has been added to the
story of the Western trip of the distin
guished gentlemen from the city at the
other end of the railroad line, whose
guests they are. When in fancy the San
Diego and Coronado stay is reviewed
there will certainly come pleasant mem
ories of summerlike days in March spent
within hailing distance of the great Pa
cific, j with the thermometer clinging
around the 75-degree mark and nothing
In the wide world to do but rest There
wlll.be thoughts of surf bathing or of an
hour In the immense plunge baths. There
will.be recollections for some of an after
noon on board the big battleship Iowa
with Rear Admiral Casey.
The golf links were not forgotten by
Robert T. Lincoln, General Merritt. Mar
shall Field and many others, nor the
shooting traps, where, as the guests of
the Coronado Gun Club, the clay birds
were broken to bits by James H. Eckles
and William J. Chalmers.
. At 9 o'clock to-night the special train
started north. In the early . morning it
will pass over the famous Tehachapl Into
the San Joaquln Valley. San Francisco
will be reached to-morrow night.
PLEASURES AT SAN DIEGO.
"Southern Pacific Railway Company"
'.. President C. M. Hays
Speeches will also be made by Robert
M. Burnett of the Boston Commercial
Club, Edwin G. Goshorn of the Cincinnati
Commercial Club and Isaac W. Morton
of the St. Louis Commercial Club.
Mayor Taggart has called a special
Council meeting for to-morrow morning to
take action. The State' Bar Association
County offices will be closed Saturday at
1 o'clock In honor of General Harrison.
The Superintendent of Public Schools
has Issued an order lccommendlng that
a part of Friday be devoted to the life
and services of General Harrison and that
the teachers epeak of his life In connec
tion with the history of the Unltcl
States, of, his services as a soldier, as a
Senator and as President of the TJnitert
States.
to be held in the Senate chamber at the
Statehouse to-morrow afternoon.
Among those who will arrive this even
ing may be mentioned the following prom
inent gentlemen:
Marshall Field of Marshall Field & Co..
the merchant prince of Chicago, who Is
said to be worth more than $30,000,000.
W. T. Baker, the ov.ner of the famous
Temple building In Chicago. 6aid to bo
able to sign a check u.t any time for
$20,000,000.
Aflolphus C. Bartlett of the firm of Hlb
bard, Spencer. Bartlett & Co., one of the
largest wholesale grocery houses In
America.
J. Harley Bradley, president of the
David Bradley Manufacturing Company, :i
firm doing a business of more than $20,OOV
000 a year.
Edward B. Butler of Butler Bros., the
largest department store supply concern
In the world, with branches In Chicago,
St. Louis and New Yt«rk.
William J. Chalmers of Fraser & Chal
mers, the largest mining machinery com
pany In the world, supplying machinery to
all parts of America and other conti
nents. % -
Are Men of Vast Wealth.
To-morrow evening a banquet will be
tendered to the Chicagoans at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, when the most
distinguished men of the city and State
will sit at table with the guests.
The dinner will be given by the Cham
ber of Commerce, the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association, the Mer
chants' Association, the Board of Trade
and other commercial bodies. The tables
for the banquet will be arranged in the
Searles Gallery, and no expense will be
spared in the decorations. During the
sojourn in the city of the members of the
Chicago Commercial Club all the princi
pal points of interest In and around the
city will be visited. The gentlemen from
the East will have every opportunity of
eeelng that San Francisco Is truly the
metropolis of the Pacific, with boundless
possibilities of extension in the, near fu
ture.
Guests to Be Banqueted.
party is rated to be less than a million
aire.
The city of San Francisco and the State
of California will tender the guests a
royal welcome. The special train will be
met this evening by a delegation of the
city's representative men and the visitors
will be escorted to the Palace Hotel,
where apartments have been reserved for
them.
Count de Castellan* interpreted & para
graph In the Figaro as alluding to him.
He was accompanied by his father, the
Marquis de Castellan? . and a newspaper
friend, M. Morel. They proceeded to th«
residence of M. de Rodays. In the Rue de
la Chausse d'Antln. situated In the center
of Paris. The Count asked to see M. de
Rodays. and was ushered Into the writer's
study. M. de Rodays later received the
party In his dressing room. Count da
Castellane said:
"You published In the Figaro this morn
ing an abominablo paragraph against
me."-
M. de Rodavs replied that he did not
understand what the Count meant, to
which the latter retorted hotly:
"Will you retract or not?"
Count Boni as a Slapper.
To this M. de Rodays repllsd by ex
plaining that the paragraph was courte
ously couched and that no mention waa
made of the name of Count de Castellane.
Then, without further ado. Count de Cas
tellane boxed M. de Rotlaya* ears severely
and repeatedly.
M. de Rodays. who was seated, recoiled,
and M. de Castellane followed him up and
siapped his face severely.
The Marquis de Castellane and M. Morel
then Interposed and protected M. de Ro
days from further violence. The De Cas
tellane party then withdrew.
M. de Rodaya later in the day said he
had decided to send seconds to Count
Bonl de CasteHane.
The affair Is the sensation of Paris.
Since the speech of M. Deroulede at San
Sebastian last month. In which he Inti
mated that the Royalists of Paris had
notified the police of his attempted coup
d'etal. after his refusal to allow the Duke
of Orleans to appear In the rank* of the
ajritators. very great Interest has been
aroused respecting the Identity of tha
Royall3t emissary who approached M. De
roulede and M. MarceV-Hebert on that
occasion, the names suggested Including
Jules Guerln, the hero of Fort Chabrol.
while the Royalists denied that the emis
sary acted In behalf of them.
Arrange for a Duel.
The duel arranged to take place pesstbly
to-day or to-morrow near Lansann«.
Switzerland, between M. Deroulede and
M. Buffet, the agent of the Duke of Or
l'eans, is a direct outcome of the discus
sion on the subject of the coup d'etat
which failed.
The paragraph In the Figaro, which was
the immediate cause of the assault upon
M. de Rodaya. was as follows:
"People have been asking who Is th»
person M. Deroulede wished to designate.
It appears that he Is a member of Par
liament, and it Is affirmed that be Is the
young Deputy whose name Is best known
and who. on the eve of starting for Amer
ica with his young wife last week, very
loyally delayed his departure In order to
reply, if necessary, to the polemics which
may develop."
Count de Castellane was Interviewed
to-day at his residence on the Avenue du
Rois de Boulogne, on his return from the
residence of M. de Rodays. He said:
i "Yes. I boxed M. de Rodays" ears sev
eral times In the presence of my father
and M. Morel, who is editor of the Jour
nal de Castellane." They are here now.
and can give you particulars of the Inci
dent.
The Count, who was calm and rmlMng.
PARIS.V March 14.— Count Bonl do Cas
teliane assailed M. Fernand Go Rodays,
editor of tbia. Figaro, to-day for Insinuat
ing that'£$i*(M. de Castellane) had be
trayed the Derouled© plot on the occa
sion of the'iuner&f of' the lato Prisificnt
Faure. Februarj- K, 1S3D. A duel Is ex
"pe"ctia. T '^~-~"*^- " -¦ ' \>. ¦ i
POET RILBY
PAYS TRIBUTE
INDIANAPOLIS. March 14.—
James Whltcomb Rlley has writ
ten the following poem on the
death of General Harrison: •
HARRISON'S KOME TRIDUTE. ',
Bowed tr.ldit a universal grief that ',
R>kea ,
Columbia's self a rtrlcken mourner. '
cart '
la tears bereath tie old tig at half
mait.
A eer.se cf glory reuses ue. and breaks
L'.ke ecr.g TJjwa BorroTrtnt. aM shakes '.
The <ew up from our drenched eyes
that amlle at last.
In eMl£!«h prlSe— e* though the rreit
man passed
To his mort hlcb reward for our poor
rakes %
lyjved of all men— we rause— yet onn
he wat;
Choice of the catlon # » mighty brother
hood—
Her fcldier. gtitetnan. ruler— *ye, but
then,
TTe kn»w fclni— long before the world's
applause.
And after— ax a neighbor, kind and
good.
Our common friend and fellow citizen.
The railroads have made arranKements
for a rate of one fare for the ronnd trip,
¦which wttO have th<» effect of greatly in
creasl-g- tb« crowds. Stony different State
ar.<J national orsanlzations held meetings
to-i^sy and took actlo.i on t.ie death of
the statesman. In th« rr.omlns a meeting
att<*r:«3e<l by Governor Durbin, State offi
cials, representatives of the family and
citizens was held in '.he Governor's par
lom and arrarseements were made for the
funeral. The Merchants* Association of
Plans for the Funeral.
The funeral will be attended by many of
the noted men of the United States. Presi
*!pnt McKinJey and members of his Cabl
ret ¦will be here. Governor Yates of
Illinois te!e?rraph«?d that he would be
her*. attendeJ by his staff. Governor
Nasb rf Ohio, rcith his staff, will atterd
the fur.eral. Governor Durbin this after
nocn sent a notice of General Harrison's
death to the Governor? cf many of the
States an<l it is th*> belief that a majority
cf them will come. Several members of
General Harrison's Cabinet have sentwoM
that they will attend =:r.<i It Is the Jnten
tlcn to have tfiom act as honorary pail
bearers.
EXSCTTIVE MANSION. *i
"WASHINGTON, D. C. March 14. J
To the Peocle of the United States: J
¦ Benjamin Harrison. Presiier-t of the »|
' Unitel States frcm ZSS3 to 1S33, <!led «j
\ yesterday tt 4:<3 r- m.. at hts heme j
lft Indianapolis. In his death the j
, country h»e been deprived cf one of J
, its dearest citizens. A brilliant »ol- J
• dler ja his ycung rr.ar.hood. he gained J
' r&rr.e ar.d rarld aivance:re::t by his r
| energy ac2 valor. As a lawyer h« *j
| rose to be a leaser cl the bar. In the j
, Ser.ate fce et once took ar.d. retained his J
• rar.k as an crater as3 lerls'.&tor, and J
• In the high rfCce cf President he <iis- »
' played extraordinary c 1 ---* as adalnis- "j
trat^r and etatesrr.an. Ir. labile and *|
) private I'.'t he «et a shlnlr.s example j
, for his countrymen. J
. In •.estir-.ory cf the respect In which J
• his rsez:ory is fceli ty the Government •
• and recp'.e of the United States, I •
" hereby direct that the Sags on the *
) Executive Maccicn and the several *
. d»r*-rt:=ent£j bui'.Clngs be displayed at .
• bj<iT-n:a.Et icr a period cf thirty days, and >
' that suitable military and naval hon- *
era, ur.£er the criers cf the Secretaries ";
| cf War and of the Navy, b* rendered *
, en the day cf the funeral. "i
Done at the city of Washington, this j
, fourteenth day of Harch. In the year I
• of our Lord one thousand nine hundred .
• and cr.e, ar.d In the inder-enfieace of •
' the United States cf America the one *
hundred and twenty-fifth.
| WILLIAM McKINLET. *
Ey the Preslder.t: .
. JOHN HAT. Secretary of State. •'
PROCLAMATION
BY PRESIDENT
attack."— Statement b7 M. d» Rodays.
editor of. the Figaro.
"I received this racm'.ag the card of
the Marquis of Castellans, whom I In
structed to be shown la immediately -
I found myself In the presence o£ three
persons— the Marquis, the Count and a
third person, whese came I do cot
know. The Marquis eald. "Totx ta
sulted my son." Ccunt Bonl de Om
tellane then asked me for information
regarding a paragraph la the Figaro. I
replied that the caragrach waa in no
way offensive to him. and that, en th«
contrary. It was worded is th* most
courteouj terms, and that his cam«
was not mentioned. The Count then
threw himself upon me and punched raw
without even giving m» time to defend
myself. I believe It was a prearranged
STORY TOLD BY
THE PRINCIPALS
¦ > ¦
"Reading W»e Figaro I was filled with
Indignation at the perfidious insinua
tion accusing me cf treacher*- T fca
medlately begged my father and a.
friend. M. Morel_t<3»>"cr-»D» n y =*e to
the residence 'J. M. us Rodays. Tha
latter received as, and after a few
brief observations, to which ha gave
unsatisfactory responses. I Inflicted on
him merited correction. I reserve a
similar cne for any person permitting
himself the same accusations."—State
ment br Count Bonl de CastelXane.
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
Berkeley.
"Santa Fe Railway Company"
President Edward P. RIpley
Prominent Hen to Speak.
Irving M. Scott will preside at the ban
quet to-morrow evening at the Mark Hop
kins Art Institute and the toasts will bo
as follows:
Opening? remarks Irvtnr 31. Scott
"Welcome to California" _
Governor Henry T. Gage
"Welcome to San Francisco"
Mayor James I>. Pbelan
"City of Chicago"
Responded to by A. C. Bartlett and JR.
G. Keith.
"Pacific Commercial Museum"
rector Simmons Hardware Company, and
H. N. Davis, president Smith & Davis
Manufacturing Company. Chicago— E. C.
Dudley, M. D.
Among the gentlemen who are to arrive
this evening are merchant princes, finan
ciers, real estate owners and railroad
presidents, and It Is no exaggeration to
state that not a single member of the
A more distinguished body of men has
never left the East for the Paclflc Slope.
It comprises millionaires and men . of
world-wide repute, and, while It is said
that the object of the visit is pleasure. It
is known that the men of millions are
Inspecting the Pacific Coast with a pros
pective view of investment.
MEN representing more than
$1,000,000,000 In wealth will
arrive In San Francisco
this evening- on a Santa Fe>
special from Los Angeles.
They represent the Com
mercial Club of New
Tork's great rival, Chicago, and the me
tropolis of the Pacific Coast will tender
a flttlng welcome to them, representing
as they do the moneyed Interests of the
great lake city.
SAN FEANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH ¦; IBi ' 1 901 : :
VOLUME LXXXIX-SO. 105.
PRICE FIVE CE5TS.
Commercial Club From Second City in Country, Representing a
Billion in Wealth, Includes Merchant Princes, Financiers,
Railroad Presidents and .'Others of Equal Renown.
MEN OF MILLIONS FROM CHICAGO
ON PLEASURE AND BUSINESS BENT
WILL ARRIVE IN THIS CITY TO=NIGHT
INDIANAPOLIS, .March If —The «rf
racgcrsents for lha, *B&eral - »t t jGenffal
B*nJ&3iiTn~l!rii-iisohr' • of "ti\fT
United Stales, have been completed. The
body will Me la state at tlie Caoltol Sat
urday from 11 o'clock rn the morning until
10 o'clock in the evenins ar.d the fune»-il
cervices will "be held 'rcm cbe First Pr's
tyterian Church Sur.dav afternoon, at 2
o'clock. Rev. M. L. Halnes officiating- The
event will not enly be one of national
Interest but one of international import
ance. Cable-grams are reaching the family
cf the dead statesmrn from all parts of
the ¦world offering: condolences In the hour
cf bereavement. General Harrison vras a
man rf International r^p-tation and was
held !n high esteem throughout the civil
ized ¦world.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.MRS. r CORDELIA BOTKIN, CONVICTED OF THE CRIME OF POISONING SEVERAL PERSONS AND SENTENCED
TO LIFE IMPRISONMENT, WHO HAS BEEN GRANTED A NEW TRIAL BY THE SUPREME COURT OF THE
STATE. •- -. . /
CHICAGO, March 7, 1901. ..,
John J>. fepreckels, Proprie
tor of The Call, San Francisco:
Owing to delay of Government
in compiling' and revising cen
sus it wili be impossible to
ship first carload of atlases or
dered , by you before . March
30th. They "will go forward
promptly that day by fast
freight.
GEORGE F. CRAM. ~
SLIGHT DELAY
IN COMPLETING ATLAS.
Cabinet Crisis Imminent
LISBON, March , 14.— It is rumored that
a crisis is imminent in the Portuguese
Cabinet. :
Meleto a Captain, General.
MADRID, - March 14-General Meleto
has been appointed a" captain general.
TAXATION OF FRANCHISES!
Amendment in It.
Bill Is Passed With an Important
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 14.-Curtin's franchise
assessment bill, over which there has
been such a contest In the Assembly, was
passed In Its amended form by that bodv
to-nijrht by a vote of 43 to 17. There was
no debate. As amended, a franchise may
be taxed in the county where it exists
instead of In the county where the cor
poration owning It has its principal place
of business, es provided in the original
bill. '.,*"."
Brady s telephone resolution was beaten
In the Senate this afternoon, Wolfe alone
voting for It. It was argued that the pre
vious passage of Assembly constitutional
amendment No. 28 made the Brady
amendment to fix rates useless. It was
at first attempted to pass Jt upon the file,
but objection was made, so the amend
ment was taken uz> and beaten.
CHINA BASIN BILLS SAFE.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 14. — Johnson's motion to
reconsider Senate bill 293, one of the China
Eas!n lease bills, was promptly laid on the
table by the Assembly thl» morning. Th«
three companion bills are • low in tho
hands of the Governor.
Ex-Governor Budd. attorney for the
Harbor CommlEsioncra. and Al Ldndley.
¦who have been present much of the later
weeks of the session to answer questions
regarding the hills and to see that they
were not sidetracked in committees or
lost on the flics, are receiving many con
pratulatior.s on the success of their ef
forts. ¦ . -
dertaklng establishment, selected a cas
ket and gave directions concerning the
funeral arrangement?. What is known as
a state cafiket was decided on. It was
made of red cedar and is provided with a.
copper lining, which makes the compart
ment absolutely airtight. Over the cop
per Is a silk lining, on which the body will
rest. The casket is decorated at the cor
ners with simple hand-carved molding.
The top is absolutely plain and the only
ornament will be a plain oxidized plate,
on which will be engraved the words:
BENJAMIN HARRISON.
1833-1901.
American Flag on Car.
The covering is of black broadcloth.
Heavy oxidised handles and ornaments
will be used. The casket complete will
weigh nearly three hundred pounds.
A heavy red cedar outside box will be
used with the casket. It will be deposited
In an alr-tieht vault and the casket will
then be placed Inside.
The casket will be removed to the home
to-morrow afternoon- and the body will
then be dressed for burial and placed in
It. The body will remain In the room
where the death occurred and where it
has since rested until after it. has been
placed in the casket, when It will be taken
to the double parlors on the south side of
the house. Here it will remain until Sat
urdav morning, when it will be taken to
the Statehouse to ile in state all thPt day
and until 10 o'clock that nleht. It will
again be deposited there on the return
from the Capitol.
Four black horses will be used to draw
the hearse, which will be draped In black.
A large American flag will be thrown over
the tPD of the funeral car, falling down
about the sides. Black rosettes with long
flowing streamers will be attached to the
horses T bridles.
Vault Being Constructed.
The vault at Crown' Hill, Where the body
is to be placed, is now being constructed.
General Harrison will He a.t the right side
of Mrs. Harrison, who is buried in the
family lot, located in one, of the loveliest
spots In The cemetery, which Is widely
noted for its beauty. It Is situated .imme
diately at the foot of a grassy knoll that
rises toward the west and Is surrounded
by shade trees which in summer add
greatly to the beauty. ! Not far away are
the tombs of Oliver P. Morton, Thomas
A. Hendricks and William H. English and
the graves of tha unnamed heroes who
gave thtir lives for their country In the
Civil War. A tombstone marks the lot.
General Harrison himself selected the
monument, a solid piece of eranite, ten
feet high and six feet square, which
marks the grave of his departed wife and
V.hich will also stand above his head.
"Harrison" is the simple inscription on
the toir.b. , :"- ; ¦;,•¦' £#*;¦; ? ;v ;
State Troops Summoned.
Orders were issued to-day /calling for
the assembling In this : city - Saturday
morning at 9 o'clock of the entire force
of the State . troops. Tho order was so
distributed throughout the State by wire
that the companies of the three regiments
of infantry, the three batteries of artillery
and the hospital ; and signal corps will
have ample time to reach Indianapolis so
as to report in strict'accordance •with the
provisions of the general order. %• • -
Two hundred troops will be under arms
in Indianapolis Saturday morning- to par
ticipate as a military escort ana do ser
vice as guards of honor during the after
noon when the remains of the dead ex-
Presidcnt are lying In state at the State
house.
MOTJRNING AT WASHINGTON.
Supreme Court Adjourns Out of Re-
spect to Harrison's Hemory.
WASHINGTON. March i4.-Presldent
McKinley left Washington at 7:45 p. m.
for Canton, O., via the Pennsylvania. He
will proceed Saturday night to Indianapo
lis to attend the funeral of General Har
rison. With him were Mrs. McKlnley,
Secretary Cortelyou and Dr. P. M. Rixey.
Mrs. McKinley will not: go to Indianapo
lis, but will await tho President's return
at Canton. The return trip from Indian
apolis will be made Sunday night, and,
although the matter has not been finally
determined, the ; probability is that the
President will make only a very brief stop
at Canton and come back promptly to
Washington. .
In pursuance of the, President's procla
mation, the flags on *'ery public building
in the United States, at every post in the
United States, Cuba, Porto Rico, Hawaii
and the Philippines, and on every. Amer
ican warship, in whatever quarter of. the
globe, will fly at half-mast for thirty
days.
The State Department has addressed the,
following circular letter to all United
States diplomatic and consular officers
abroad:
"WASHINGTON. March 14.-<3entlemen:
Your attention is invited to the Presi
dent's proclamation of this date announc
ing the death of j ex-President Benjamin
Harrison and directing a. proper expres
sion in honor of his memory. You will
cause the flag of your respective offices to
be displayed at half-staff on the" reception
of this circular and for a period of thirty
days thereafter. '
"I am, your obedient servant, •
. "JOHN HAT."
The United States Supreme Court to
day, after disposing of the case under ar
gument yesterday, adjourned until, to
morrow out of respect to the memory of
the late ex-President Harrison. The an
nouncement of Harrison's death was
made by Attorney General Griggs in a
few eulogistic .words, and was responded
to by Chief Justice Fuller. In announc
ing the death of General Harrison. Attor
ney General Griggs said: »¦*->', <%*>,
"It is my sad duty to convey to the
court the intelligence of the death of Ben
jamin Harrison of Indiana, which.oc
curred at his home in Indianapolis yes
terday. He was President of the United
States from 18SU to 1893/ and most ' distin
guished as a citizen and a statesman— as
a soldier and a practitioner at the bar of
this court. Out of respect to his memory.
I move that the court now adjourn until
to-morrow."
Chief Justice Fuller responded:
"The court fully shares in the national
sorrow and sympathizes with the sugges
tion which has Just been made. The great
services tb his country rendered by this
distinguished soldier, statesman, and citi
zen; the exalted , office : so worthily Ailed
by him; his conceded eminenece at this
bar; his private virtues/make recognition
of the. loss sustained in his death involun
tary and universal. As a mark of respect
to the memory of Benjamin Harrison the
court will now adjourn until to-morrow at
the usual time." > ¦
Marriage Lav Must Stand.
SACRAMENTO, March 14.— Fisk's bll!
repealing the act of 1897, which requires
the lapse of a year from the date of enter
ing a decree before divorced persons may
marry, was beaten in the Senate to-night.
Killed in a Kansas Mine.
GALENA, Kans,, March 14.-i-George
Murray and William Chestnut, miners,
were killed at the Badger Company's
mine, nve miles north of here, to-day. An
Immense slab of dirt fell on the men,
killing them instantly.
PARIS, March 14.-M. de Rodays' sec
onds. MM. Prestat and Perlvier hav*
called at the residence- of M. de Castellane
The representatives of the Count are not
publicly known, but it Is understood that
the four seconds will meet to-day to make
arrangements for the duel.
Arrangements for the Duel.
"Boni then exclaimed impatiently '"Will
you retract? Yes or no!'
_"M. de Rodays began: 'I cannot— — '
Boni, without allowing him to conclude
said: 'Can you say formally that it is not
I you Intended to refer to? Reply aulcklv
that it is not I. speak quickly or— 'at
the same moment Boni approached him
and boxed his ears several times. M. de
Rodays and Boni struck him
again. We then intervened and stood in
front of M. de Rodays. Then, after polite
salutations, the whole party withdrew, M
de Rodays, who was much agitated, ac
companying us to the door."
"I interposed, saying: 'Have you not
read your paper?'
" 'Yes/ said M. de Rodays, 'but I do not
understand.'
The paragraph in Figaro clearly desig
nated Boni as the traitor of whom M. De
roulede spoke, but Boni could not have
acted such a role, nor be suspected of so
doing. It was a most outrageous insult to
designate him. Boni determined to ask
explanations of M. de Rodays and begged
us to accompany him in order to serve as
witnesses in case of need. We. therefore
went- to M. de Rodays' residence this
morning, which is on the fifth floor of the
house, where we presented our oards. M
de Rodays immediately received us. He
had on a gray dressing robe. After a po
lite exchange of salutations the Count de
Castellane said. 'You published against
me this morning an abominable para
graph. I have come to. ask for explana
tions.'
"M. de Rodayn replied: 'Do you mean
an article?'
I>etails of the Incident.
then retired to his study and the Marquis
gave the following account of the affair:
Continued From First Page.
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN. con
victed of the poisoning qt Mrs.
John P. Dunning and sentenced
to life lmprlsonmentl was
granted a new trial yesjerday
by the Supremo Court. This will <iot be
a surprise to the legal profession Ind to
those who have followed the case <#psely.
It; was practically understood that the
HARRISON'S LOSS IS
MOURNED UNIVERSALLY
Continued From First Page.*
COUNT BONI SLAPS
FACE OF AN EDITOR
constitute the crime of murder In this State,
and we now hold. that the legislative body has
made that declaration.
The opinion, which is written by Justice
Garoutte and concurred in by Chief Jus
tice- Beatty, and Justices McFarland, Van
Dyke, Henshaw and Temple, then quotes
section 27 of the Penat'Code and proceeds
to refute arguments of counsel for appel
lant in detail. " " >-. i •
Defendant has been convicted of. the crime
of murder and prosecutes this ¦ appeal. The
charge of the court given to the Jury upon the
law contained declarations which were held
to be unsound and constitute reversible error,
in People vs. VerenesiinckocHoQkhoff, 189 Cal.,
437. In view of the ikgjfian in that case the
Attorney General cone jup* Jtb«t 'the judgment
should be reversed and tie^ cause" remanded to
the trial court for fucther. proceedings. But
defendant claims that^^liejj n|t triable at all
Appellate Court would reverse the Judg
ment of the lower court upon the ground
that the Instructions given the jury in the
case were similar to those in the cases of.
Hoft and Brandes, who were awarded new
trials.
25 In the Hoff case the Supreme Court re
versed the judgment of the lower court
upon the ground that Judge Cook had In
, his- instructions to the jury gone beyond
the limit by dealing too much with the
facts and the Importance of circumstan
tial evidence. '
The decision of the Supreme Court set
tles an important point, however. Mrs.
. Botkin's counsel contended that this Btate
:• had no jurisdiction to try the prisoner,
Justice Garoutte In the opinion filed
holds 'that as the crime was In part com
-¦ mitted ln-thia State the Penal Code ex
pressly states that the perpetrator may
be tried here. The opinion of. the court is
an Interesting one. It Is In part aa fol
• Iqws,: : / v /.. "
'''-,' '¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ' \ '
by the courts of this State and this contention
should now be passed upon. For If maintain
able a second trial becomes a useless expen
diture of money, time and labor and neces
sarily, should not' be had.
For the purpose of testing this claim of
lack of Jurisdiction In the courts of California
to try defendant the facts of this case . may
be deemed as follows: Defendant. Jn the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, sent . by ths United States mall to
Klizabeth Dunning of Dover, Delaware, a box
of poisoned candy, with Intent that »ald Eliza
beth Dunning: should eat of the candy and her
death be caused thereby. The candy was re
ceived by the party to whom addressed, she
partook thereof and her death was the result.
Upon these facts may the defendant be charged
and tried for the crime of murder in the courts
of the State of California? We do not find
it necessary to declare what the true rule may
be at common law upon this state of facts,
for, in our opinion, the statute of. this State
is broad enough to cover a case of the kind
here dlscloHed. There can be no question
that the Legislature of this State had the
power to declare that the acts hera pictured
Supreme Tribunal Finds Error in Charge to Jury but
Sustains Lower Court's Jurisdiction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 14— City Jailer
Ben Robbins had an eioitinc experience
vith a lunatic this mi'rr.inK and had not
<"Ierk Edwards gor.e to his assistance he
vould have been Berioutlv injured it not
killed by the murderous prisoner.
William Hanson, a. re!»rious crank, was
arrested yesterday afternoon and taken to
the City Hospital to be examined as to his
Fanity. All during the iii?ht Hanson lay
like a <5ead man. This morr.inff a minister
called to see him and Robbins took him
Into the hospital. Hanson was still un
conscious and when the jailer and the
trusty pot him up on his feet he stood
rigid as a corpse.
As nothing could be dene with the man
he was put back in bed and Bobbins es
corted the preacher to the front door of
the cell. The jailer let V.ic prcacher
through the door and was talking to him
¦when he heard a scream. On looking
around he saw the hospital steward eom
lr.g through the door on a rur>, with Han-
EO" !s •. . i: • "'¦ trCSt: ..:•''. !
>-- . ¦ - 't*_.;i e to tue tcr;K« sni tint
K.r. •--.••: ; r -« : ,rht nf Kott>ln«, tarried
upr r.iir.. RoMfam proscjrtij KTapplea
v.-:ti. t'.s Ct£uX!&*)t*&p4 tot i T.2V zrdrmlefi
ii.?r- -wu- n livclr r:;ix-ur- Tte Iun.'.:i.
t -c:-D*=d[ to ; »¦{• the rtreuffth of fsit a
* .ztn rntii *«.. ¦ ¦-\j> irt-ltlv.g the ?>«'.t»-.r it
in* ;ji?ler vhe*? the ia -er'e fcriES '•: h«J]
;•!-•.'; !,t rierk rMwarJs ar»-1 ;<-v?r;.J irus
tjx-s to >>•-«. 'Sscue.
ri&itZC?, >fc» Cg&tla# *.!kfi - Wild bcal!
era it wea 1 Uu I tXMt rrtfn ooxtU Si to
t2:rcw hlto t(. r n -\r.<l tait cur?* Vir-oi, him;
when i.t- zlir.- .,. ; ¦.'¦.*.- jy lupttA. into u
eet&iii'us 'fcttti;.
Jleasures to Which the Upper Houso
Has Given Approval. ,
f ACRAMENTO. March 14.— The Eenate
h.as passed the following bill?:
Fy ¦Wright— Appropriating t^.000 for lmprove
ttKntf at the Sas Jose Normal School; also
$.Vi<i0 for a water tower.
By Collins of Batte— Appropriating J250Q fcr
•n additional building at the Chlco Normal
F-hool
By Broughton— Appropriating $1500 for lm
rrovementu at the Southern California Slate
Hoepttat
By Uanen— Appropriating tll.pno for improve
ments et the Mendocino State Hospital.
By Anderson of Solano— Prescribing condi
tlor.s under which insolvent banking lnstitu
tlrrs F haii wind tip their affairs.
By Bennink— Appropriating J45.000 for Im
provements at Southern California State Hos
pital.
By Greer— Appropriating^SDOO for an air com
jrewor at the Fol?>om State Prison.
¦ By W alker— Appropriating 11300 for lmprove
*ncnt3 at the Women's Relief Corps Home,
Fanta Clara County.
Hy Currier— To prevent fraud in the Fale of
ccmnjercial fertilizers.
By Johnson— Helat ingr to the origin and con
tinuance of bufines* corporations.
Hy Kellcy— Exempting from payment of 11
c-ense commercial travelers relling at whole
rale coodg or r'rodur-ts of the State.
By Cutter— Empowering Boards of Supervi
sors to declare iecal holidays.
ceived Majority Votes.
PASSED BY THE ASSEMBLY.
Grist of Measures That Have BY-
SACRAMENTO. March 14.— The Assem-
Ky has passed the following bills:
I3y I^eavltt— Permitting the apical of eon
t«rr.j>t cases to the Supreme Court.
By I-*rt!nw— Appropriating K6.0G0 for a State
hiciiway from *!eye:-s station to Tahoe Citv,
>>vafia County.
By Muenter— To prevent incompetent and in
capacitated person*, other than those properly
eorr.T.lttf-ri to State hospitals, from becoming
pubijf «.harr*f".
By I-iuchBir.Kc-r— Declerir.g Cache Elough a
r.avigabl* ftream. to bring It within the scope
cf the worX performed by the Comailss'oner of
J»ut.!if Wcrks.
By Wolfe— Providing: for the appointment of
two additional clerks to the State Board of
Exasr.ir.ers.
Hy OrlPtt— Appropriating JO.CCO for a mod
em hotpltal at the Veterans' Home, Yount
vl!le.
By Belshatr— Empowering Boards of Super
visors to construct tunnels in the course of
roa-i hu!M!r.K.
By Corleit— Makin? an appropriation for ar
electric licht ;>lant at Napa. State Hospital.
P.y coranlttM — Making an appropriation to
pay the claim of Dateman Bros, for work per
formed en the l.'nicn depot, Kan Francisco.
T5y Fims-Authorizir.g the Ftate Board of
Harbor Commissioners to insure wharves and
ether property to the amount of tiOO.OOO.
Hy Smith of l^os Aneelrg— Appropriating JCOCO
It a blacksmith and carpenter enop at Whlt
tier State P'-hcoJ.
Py Tyrrell of Kan Francisco— Carrying Into
«>x<>cvtion, the rwirlon of the constitution that
no test or plec-fre *ha!l be required of an of
ficial after taking of«W. SicXell save notice
of a mot^n tn r<-cor:F!6er.
By Greer-To pay the clalj.-' cf C. B. Llght
tnex ng&ln«t th» Htate.
By L>avi?- Amending the Civil Code relatlnz
to community r-roperty.
By Devlin— E*t»ndinr the right to public
turiaj to tioiditr* and pallors of the Spanish
end Philippine wars.
Hy Bauer- Relatirjr to the issuance cf per
manent certificates xn school teachers
By Fellz— To establish a State highway be
tween Salinen and San Miguel.
By Lea vitt — Appropriating J2.'5,fy>0 for the pur
chafe of improved machinery for the State
Trintlr- Of3 C f.
By l» a vttt— Providing for the appointment of
rro*ecut:nsr attorneys In the Police Court of
th» city of Oakland.
By Cromwell— Allowing, supervisors pay for
half the cost of fencing along public roads.
Hy Caldwell -Allowing Supervisors to pro
vide frr Fprinklinc roads with oil and author
izing them to erect storage tanks.
Ejr Luchelnger^— Appropriating 5100.000 for the
Auditing Board to tbe Commissioner of Pub
lic Wcrks. . ...
By Bmlth of Kern— Appropriating JS61 to
cover deficiency In expense account of "Attor
ney General'* office. • . -<
By Taylor— Enforcing the educational* rights
of children. .-•»..
By Laird— Appropriating JSOO for 'clearlfir Pit
P.iver o1 obstructions. • ' ' . ¦ -¦ '•
By Muenter— Appropriating JCOCO for neces-
Fary machinery at Stockton- State Hospital.
By. Devlin— Extending leave of absence from
Etate to statutory efflcers. ¦ . , t
By L'Jkcns— Relating to eavlsgs and lain
e.?«oe!aticns. ¦ ¦ - - v ..-..,
By Miggsrd— Appropriating «7X « for Btate
forestry station. Chlco. - ••,-.. • .
Insane Prisoner Grapples With One
of the Officials and Makes Des
perate Efforts to Kill
Him.
Exciting Affray Behind the
Bars of Jail at Los
Angeles.
JAILER BATTLES
WITH A MANIAC
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 14.— In a Joint caucus to
night the question of apportionment was
settled for this session by a decision to
stand by the original Senate' bill which
leaves San Eenlto an Assembly district
by itself. The Assembly amended the bill
so as to link San Benlto with Monterey
In one Assembly district and give the
extra Assemblyman left without a dis
trict in consequence to Placer alone, tak-*
ing Placer away from El Dorado. El Do
rado would then go with Alpine and Mono
and Amador and Calaveras would be to
gether.
Duryea' of ' Placer offered a ' resolution
directing that the Senate concur in the
amendments made in the Assembly. This
was lost after some debate' by a vote of
31 to 51. Then Shortridge offered. a reso
lution providing that it be the sense of
the caucus that the Tenth Assembly Dis
trict be composed of the counties of Pla
cer and El Dorado, the Eleventh Assem
bly District of Amador, Calaveras. Alpine
and Mono; the Fifty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict of San Benito, and the Fifty-ninth
Assembly District of Monterey. This was
adopted bv a viva voce vote and left the
bill as the Senate originally passed it,
with the exception of a few words in the
body of the bill put in by the Assembly
and adopted by the Senate.
There were twenty-nine Senators and
Fifty-three Assemblymen In the caucus.
The Senate acted on the bill at once, but
the Assembly adjourned without acting
upon It. in violation of the strict agree
ment of the caucus.
The caucus amendments to the bill were
given to Johnson to introduce in the As
sembly, he being chairman of the Com
mittee on Conference, which had. the bill
In hand. There was a roll call on the
question of adjournment and w Johnson's
was the vote which carried the motion to
adjourn. He eaid afterward that he had
not had a chance to Introduce the amend
ments as agreed upon by the caucus. It
must be done to-morrow or the Senate
will make trouble.
The apportionment bill was the measure
which it. was feared would hold the ses
sion over to next week. It will be passed
by the Assembly, receding from ita
amendments to-morrow.
GAME LAW IS PASSED.
Frequent Efforts to Amend It but It
Gets Through Safely.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 14.— The game bill, which
was the subject of much debate and a
great deal of feeling when It came up for
second reading, was read the third time
and passed this morning, despite vigorous
opposition and after several amendments
had been defeated.
The bill as passed Drohlblts the selling
of quail and deer, but cloes not stop hunt
ers from killing them. It wa3 argued that
this was an unjust discrimination in fa
vor of the sportsmen and against those
who do not hunt but wfco enjoy a qua-1
now and then Just the came. An attempt
was therefore made to araond the bill to
cure this objection bv making the bill
operative upon all. This was provided for
In Leavitt's amendment to prohibit tho
killing of quail by any one for three years
In offering the amendment Leavitt said
he did so as a better measure of protection
to the quail than the bill as submitted. He
said if the bird needed protection at all It
was better to give it absolute protection
for a few year* than partial protection for
a good many. » The Senate was lined up,
however,, and Leavitt's amendment was
voted down. . ... ..
Taylor afterward got In ahead of the
amenders by moving the previous ques
tion. This was carried and then the bill
was passed by a vote of 23 to 6.
Senators - Find Themselves Losers
HASTE ENDS IN SORROW.
While Hurrying Their Bills
Through.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 14. — In a desperate effort
to hurry the Senate this afternoon tripped
itself up and lost one and a half of the
precious hours that still remain. Senator
Smith of Kern introduced an urgency res
olution providing that the tax levy bill
should be read three times on. the same
day and put upon Its passage.
Immediately Lukens tacked on another
bill, and before the resolution went
through It had three or four bills upon it.
Then another resolution was put in, and
immediately a dozen Senators were on
their feet with bills to add to it. It finally
went to a vote with nineteen bills upon
it, and It failed of the necessary twenty
seven votes. This was somewhat of a
facer for the unduly industrious, but they
went at another file and nearly had it
completed when the point of order was
raised that the Senate, having refused to
declare certain bills ¦ matters of urgency,
those bills could therefore not be -put
upon the second resolution. As these
were tho bills every one wanted hurried,
they were all effectually shut out, and
the Senate went back to the regular or
der.
WELCOME FOB McKINLEY.
the President's Be
csption.
State Legislators Meet to Arrange for
SACRAMENTO. March 14.— The Joint
legislative committee recently appointed
to receive President McKlnley upon his
visit to California in May held a meeting
to-night, at which the preliminary work
to be done was outlined. Lieutenant Gov
ernor Neft presided at the meeting-. A
substitute committee, which shall have
charge of the details of the matter of re
ception to the President, was appointed
as follows; Lieutenant Governor Nefr.
Senators Devlin and Selvage. Speaker
Pendleton and Assemblyman • Johnson.
Lieutenant Governor Neft was request
ed to telegraph Robert Cortelyou, secre
tary to President McKinley, apprising
him of the preparations -for his chiefs
reception which are In contemplation, and
asking for the executive's proposed Itin
erary. It Is expected that Cortelyou's re
ply will be received to-morrow, In which
event another meeting will be called to
further shaps proceedings.
Fifth Judge for Alameda.
SACRAMENTO. March 14.-<3overnor
Gage to-day signed Kelley's bill creating
a fifth Judge for Alaxneda County and im
mediately appointed Henry A. Melvln of
Oakland to the position, to hold office
until the next general election.
Measure Will Be Passed To-Day and
San Benlto Will Be an As
sembly District by
• Itself.
Legislators in Caucus De
cide to Accept Original
Senate Bill.
APPORTIONMENT
NOW SETTLED
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 8ACRA
MEXTO, March 14.— The primary election
bill, Assembly btll 793, was accepted thla
afternoon by the Asserrbly as amended
in the Senate. The test of party fealty aa
framed by the Joint Elections Committee
thus becomes a feature of the bill as It
will co to the Governor. That test la a
declaration of a bona fide present Inten
tion to support. the nominees of the con
vention for which del«?eates are beln?
chosen.
Johnson led with the faint opposition
there was to concurrence In the Senate
amendments*. It was his amendment that
placed in the Assembly bill the other test
of a declaration of belief in the principles
of the party as embraced In the latest
platform. • Ills was a forlorn hope to-day,
but Johnson has led nothing but forlora
hopes for the last two weeks of the ses
sion and he is getting used to it.
In the course of the debate Johnson as
serted that the political bosses of the
Senate were insisting? oa the test they harl
placed in the bill in order that thf» act
would be declared unconstitutional. Sheri
dan said one test w«is probably as good
as the other from a Ic»pal point of view
and the approach of adjournment made
concurrence advisable. Otherwise agree
ment would probably not be reached ani
the responsibility for failure to give tho
?eople a primary law would rest with thtj
tepubllcan majority.
On motion of Macbeth the Assembly
concurred by a vote of 4S ayes to 9 noes.
Joint Elections Committee's Test at
Party Fealty Becomes an In
teresting Feature of ths
Revised Measure.
Assembly Gives Its Approval
to the Amendments by
the Senate.
PRIMARY BILL
IS ACCEPTED
TTRREI«L'S BILL LOST.
No Reconsideration Now for the Civil
Service Destruction Measure.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO, March 14.— The attempt th!s
morning in the Assembly to secure a re
consideration of Tyrrell's Senate bill 569.
aimed at the destruction of cfcil service
regulations In San Francisco, met with
defeat. It was laid on tbe table by a viva
vote vote. Speaker Pcndleton announcing
the result without giving opportunity for
a demand for division or rollcall.
Somewhat later Sutro made another at
tempt to get the bill again before the
house by a motion to reconsider the voie
by> which the former motion to reconsider
was laid on the table. "Colonel" Mart'n
Brady promptly moved to lay that motion
on the table and on rollcaJl his motion
prevailed by a vote of 33 ayes to 21 noes.
Many members voted for the bill, believ
ing It to be unconstitutional and there
fore fraught with no danger to existing
civil, service regulations. In any event it
I? quite generally held that it cannot ap
ply to San Francisco. The character of
the bill is seen In the following provisions:
Section L Whenever acy person within this
State FhanMiold any ofilce or position of public
truM and shall have taken the oath *f office
prescribed by section three of article twenty of
the State constitution upon entering: upon such
office, or shall, after lite election or appoint
ment, have offered to take such oath. It shall
be unlawful to remove tuch person from such
office or position of public trust because such
person has not compiled with some or any
provision of any law, charter or regulation
prescribing an additional test or qualification
for such office or popirlan of public trust, and
any person who Is removed or threatened with
removal from any office or position of public
trust under any pretense or device whatever,
if the real reason be because of non-compliance
with provisions requiring such additional test
or qualification, shall be entitled to restrain
ruch unlawful removal or to enforce restora
tion by process of .Injunction both prohibitory
and mandatory.
8ec,'2. It shall be unlawful for «ny perion
having the power of removal from office of any
public ©racial/ State or - local, to" remove or
threaten. to. remove, such official from his office
¦because such official in the appointment of any
person to a position of public trust under such
last named official, refuaes to require any teBt
cr additional qualification than the 'oath re-
Terred to In; section otie'of thin act as a con
dition ol .permitting:, such -appointee ta enter
upon or remain in such position of public trust;
and-'EUch r-erson making or 'threatening «uch
unlawful removal from office may be restrained
by' prohibitory and mandatory Injunction from
effecting: *uch removal under any pretense or
device if the real reason - of such removal or
threatened removal be or. was euch as herein
declared unlawful. V -'¦¦¦ ¦ ' ¦• '¦ * ¦ ¦
TUMTCTLT OVER ; AMENDMENT.
Lively Debate on the Quasi-Public
Corporation Control Measure.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March It.— The Senate this aft
ernoon considered Assembly constitu
tional amendment No. 28, which provides
for a State Commission with power to fix
rates and exercise control of all quasi
public corporations. in the State. It was
a line-up pure and simple and the amend
ment went through because It had votes
enough to stand off all the filibustering
the opposition could indulge In. There
were aa many parliamentary puzzles,
points of order. Questions of Information,
motions and counter-motions and amend
ments fired at the chair in the fight as
would serve ordinarily for th« session.
But the support behind the bill was too
strong and it would not even allow an
adjournment until the motion to recon
sider the vote by which the amendment
passed had been laid on the table.
The motion to reconsider was tabled by
the following vote: . Ayes— Bettman,
Byrnes, Cutter, Devlin, Greenwell, Hoey,
Laird, L«avltt, Maggard. Nelson. Nutt.
Oneal. Selvage, Shortrldge. Simpson.
Smith of Los Angeles, Tyrrell of Nevada.
Tyrrell of San Francisco/ "Welch and
Wolfe— 20.
Isoes-Belshaw, Caldwell, Currier, Cur
tln. Davis. Flint. Goad, Lardner. Luch-
Finser. Lukens. Muenter. Rowell, Sims,
Smith of Kern and Taylor-^-15. -
i V > !?. nt T ABhe .- ' Bu mett, Corlett, Paco
and Plunkett— 5. v
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March H.-Shortly after the
Legislature adjourns sine die Governor
Gage will probably appoint some one to
succeed Major P. J. Harney as a member
of the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners. The appointment may be made
before this legislative session ends, so
that confirmation by the Senate will es
tablish the right of the appointee to hold
the office for a term of four years, but
the opinion prevails that the Governor
will wait until the present session ter
minates.
The Commissioner, if selected after ad
journment, may " not 'be permitted to
Eerve four years. Should the Governor on
the convening of the next Legislature
fancy that the right man had not been
selected he could send to the Senate the
name of another candidate. There Is talk
that Gage expects to succeed himself, and
is willing to wait a while to ascertain if
the appointee to succeed Major, Harney
shall develop into a good Harbor Com
mi^ioner.
However, the next Governor, whether
he be Gage or some one else, will be at
liberty wncn the next Legislature is con
vened* to nominate the man of his choice
for Hnrbor Commissioner. The question
is frequently asked, "Why does not the
Governor now s*end a name to the Senate
and make sure of a good Republican
Commissioner for the lull term of four
years?"
For a while ex-Surveyor General Wil
liam H. Brown had hopes of serving his
country on the water front, but his hopes
have vanished. There was talk along the
line of the push politicians that ex-Su
pervisor Kd Smith would get Major Har
tley's job, but the friends of Mr. Smith
are by no means sure that their man will
win out. Charles L. Patton, who made a
gallant race for Mayor of San Francisco
in isy&, was frequently mentioned as one
worthy of water front recognition, But
there has not been much X J atton talk
since the Legislature convened. Senator
Sig Bettman is on the list of candidates,
and is at least horioful.
Kx-SuporviEor Edward Algeltlnger Is a
candidate for service on the Harbor Com
mission, and it ii« known that he is sup
ported by influential merchants.
Inasmuch as Paris Kllburn, president of
the Beard of Harbor Commissioners, is
from Monterey County, it is presumed
that the Governor will appoint a citizen
of San Francisco to succeed Major Har
ney. ¦
John C. Lynch, Collector of Internal
Revenue, is "among those mentioned."
His tc-rm as a Federal office-holder will
soon expire, and as it seems to be settled
that Senators Bard and Perkins will not
rrcomrr.end him for a second term his
friends insist that Governor Gage will
appoint him Harbor Commissioner.
CharleB F". Curry is spoken of as one
likely to be chosen to look after harbor
affairs. Custom, honored alike in the
breach and observance. Imposes upon a
successful Harbor Commissioner the duty
of keeping the fences of the administra
tion in good repair. It is said that Secre
tary Curry's Ions experience In the field
of practical politics enables him to de
toct in a Fingle glance any weak place on
the line of political fences.
Rounders who have surveyed the field
on the outside and sought by every clever
stroke to pet at the true Inwardness of
the situation insist that the Governor has
a "dark horse," whose name has. not been
mentioned in the gossip. . Meanwhile Ma
jor Harney Is not pressing the Governor
to act immediately. The major's term of
four years will not expire until next
Thursday, and to accommodate the ex
ecutive he would doubtlees be willing to
serve a few months overtime.
Speculation Over Causes of Gov
ernor's Delay to Suggest Major
Hartley's Successor for an
Enviable Position.
ANXIOUS EYES
ON HARBOR JOB
Prospective Vacancy in
State Commission Causes
Commotion.
GRANTING OF A NEW TRIAL
TO MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY- MARCH 15, 190
2
nDTTOUT?Q roR BARBERS, BAK.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maker*, cannerm,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, she* factories, a ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, ato.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento St
To Prevent Pneumonia and Grip.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine remove* the cause. •
If You Have Rheumatism
Send no money, but writeDr.Shoop.Ra.cine WIs
boi T37,ror eix bottles cf Dr. Shoop's RheumaUc
Cuvc.exf .paid, if cured payU.50. II not.lt Is fr«t»
ADVEBTISE31ENTS.
I^/Rv : FRID^y ONLY ;
v\/ i\ Ladles' patent leather lace shoes, dull tops, ex-
'^\ 7*y tension soles, military heels, our regular $4.00
V\ fX shoes, at #
-joyb $0.05
H This is undoubtedly one of tho most fashionable
\O; looking shoe3 ever- produced. It closely resembles.
V3/ ln every detail a shoe which ordinarily sells for Av« .
¦ v ;>-. dollars. , _; , ,. . ; . t , -¦
\ ' - ' " ." In the future Friday will be a very Special I>ay
feti55y at Kaufmann'a. when exceptional value3 in high
fi grade ladles',, gentlemen" s and children's shoes will
H / be offered. Bo hi on the lookout for our Friday
>V / announcements.
. Money back If not as good as we say.
t I
EgQ3WC9^ W wry /Ltjfs^sKif^/BW w sjl 'fjL
BlVi wood> -^ ar^ e i St., San Francisco {^T.^
g^ *>i «* q»<
0vi»iT OR- JORDAN'S ohsatw
{MUSEUM OF INATOMYf
b O lcaausxs? safest. te*7a.s.r.cai. id
X QT Th»!-«Tjrit Anatomical Mm«am In tbe \
a l"ilft» WewkL VI soama e t «> contracted 4
• 323 l«y <J'sei*« pcelU«»lr«or»lbyihaolde»: V
fy fefjl SpeciWlktcntlwCoufc Ejc.j4y*u». $
A i^K/1 C3.."0a0M-PflrtA!E DISEASES 4
\ V^35S Consultation frw» and strtctlr princa \
A S }fr£r 3 "^" r!nent p«r»on*"ir «r by truer. A m
\ H lr\iw /**«»# Curt to eterycuouDdemken. \
AF-lf II* WritsforB.Mk.PHJl.OBOPJBlf.fA
"" l! li aa*«aiA«ic. mailed »zu. uf
X n II' valuable boob for mra) \
9 JDXL JOBDA5 A C*.. 1061 Mark?? St.. S. 8". 9
DR.MEYERS&CO. ,^13%
Specialists, Dls- «jpff^*" ¦ , '
ease and Weakness fKyjl
of men. Estab- Jr^n
lished 1881. Consul- Wm jt&&\2f
tffction and private \7fo. \ /—A, I
took free, at office Mo&i v"^»J
or by mall. Cures '¦ pt|il^>e.'M
punrantecd. 7,'Jl frSAsS^friSi
Market street tele- ¦ J/^SfSSSu^Jy
v a t o r entrance), >«V\ ffl^©£t*a*^
San Francisco. .^^SSS^wi^PiiCffe*
"" MS - iMi»HCfr» m vD^W vji cm Vfn
SSI t£€lfjf A nwck im -^. c3r tf&t i51
¦Xh flflyfl flf^ft Vm jjj Mm nw^^tQk l3tlSCENES IN JUDGE FRITZ'S COURT DURING THE HEARING OF THE
CASE 'OF "SIR" WESTWOOD COOPER; WHO DELUDED A .PRETTY
CONTRA COSTA GIRL.
The Riviera has not had such a cold
January as the last one since 1371. '
MARSHALL, Mich.. March 14 Judge
Walter Ingalls Hayes of Clinton, la., died
here suddenly of angina pectorls to-night,
aged 2) years.' He haa served three terms
In Congress, representing an Iowa district
as a Democrat.
Walter Ingalls Hayes.
to. the Tribune from St. George. Utah, an
nounces the death of John Pymm, post
master at St. George, aged S5 years. Mr.
Pymm had been with the postal service
for thlrty-flve years and was the third
oldest man In the service in the United
States.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
John Pymm.
SALT LAKE CITT. March 14.— A special
SAN JUAN. March 14.— Two meenber*
of the Porto Rlcan Regiment. Bertram
and Arraoyo, committed sulctde to-night.
Beltram had been reprimanded by an of
ficer for untidiness and ordered to
kitchen duty. He went to quarters and"
blew off the top of his head with his rifle.
While the body of Beltram was being
buried Arraoyo, who was a close friend
of Beltram, shot himself In the same way.
There have been many suicides In the na
tive regiments during the past six months.
This morning Clavllle. an apprentice of
the United States training ship Monon
gahela. Commander W. H. Emery, was
accidentally killed while practicing with
a revolver.
Private in Porto Hi can Regiment
"Cannot Beer I>e gradation and
His Chum Also Dies.
SHOOTS HIMSELF BATHER
THAN SERVE IN KITCHEN
VICTORIA. B. C, March 14.— >Tews from
Cape Nome has reached here as follows:
J. Densmore has returned to Nome from
Kuskogwin and reports that hl3 party,
which had a hard trip, having run short
of provisions, had to eat three dogs; their
moccasins and deerskins. They found no
gold, although they prospected the coun
try thoroughly.
C. Betch and J. McKay, while en route
to Nome from Teller City, found a man
lying nude lr» a. sleeping bag on the snow
frozen to death. Theydld not remove the
body, but notified the authorities at Tel
ler City, who suspect foul play.
Stampedes occurred from Nome to
American Creek on Kougrock and Nor
ton- Sound, where rich strikes have been
made. The news of the Presidential elec
tion had not reached Nome on Decem
ber 10.
Prospectors in the Nome Region Suf
fer on a Journey. ¦
DOGS FOR THEIR FOOD.
Bailroad Magnate's Death Prevented
His Testifying in Action, but
Fight Will Go On.
NETV YORK. March 14.— By motion be
fore the Supreme Court the suit between
the late John I. McXulta and the lata
Collls P. Huntlngton will be. revived by
their heirs. The death of Mr. Huntlngton
prevented him from making a defense In
the action, but his heirs will continue the
light. The suit Is one for breach of con
tract.
General McNulta, who wa3 the head of
the so-called whisky trust, planned to
build a railroad in California. He ob
tained the charter and was ready to besrin
the road when Huntlngton opened nego
tiations with him to acquire- the charter.
.»». was agreed that $32,000 represented the
value of the charter.
Huntlngton Is alleged to have paid $11,000
and to have drawn a contract. But the
contract was only signed by his cleric.
"When the time came for the 03,000 to be
paid, and the demand was made upon Mi*.
Huntington. he is said to have refused.
Before the time came for Mr. Huntlngton
to testify In the matter ho died.-
HEIBS OP HXTNTTNOTON
. AND McNTJLTA RENEW SUIT
MANILA* March 14.-The rebel trading
operations In the Viscaya Islands have
been effectually broken up. Lieutenant
Fred R, Payne, commanding th* United
States gunboat Pampanga, pursuant to
Instructions has seized and destroyed 300
vessels of various sizes, mostly native
craft, constructed to assist th» insur
gents. But among those which have
come to grief are a number of coastlnj
vessels belonging to leading Manila firms.
Lieutenant Payne captured a quantlty
ol supplies and -war materials shipped by
th© insurgent Governor of "th© Island ot
Leyte to the rebel commander on th© lsl
land of Samar. The Cebu pirates, who
occasionally raided tho opposite shore of
Neg*os Island, have been suppressed and
their boats are all burned.
Lieutenant Payne on Gunboat Pam
panga Captures and Destroys
Vessels Containing War
Material.
Viscaya Island Cparations
Stepped bj Seizure of
Native Craft.
REBELS' TRADE
IS BROKEN UP
BRUSSELS. March 14.— The general of
the Dominicans has convoked , a general
chapter. to meet at Ghent' June 25* for u
discussion of the situation of the Domlnl
xrans In the Philippines, France and South
i'AmerIc"a. _
Dominican" Chapter Invoked.
' K 4\ From Tombstone.
TT'CSOX. Ariz., March 14.— There is re
ported to have been _ a big strike of gold
mads twenty miles from Tombstone In
the Gleason mining* district and the news
has caused a stampede for the new field
It is> alleged that the gold ore will assay
from J2000 to 5D<XiO per ton.
The first reported Htrike was made In a
thirty-foot shaft and the second on 'an
adjoining claim at a depth of forty feet.
All the ground purrounillng the claims on
which the strikes were made has .been
staked off. Stages and wagons leaving
Tombstone and Pearce are crowded with
prospectors bound for the new field.
Reno Hotel Man Dead.
RENO, New, March 14.— Timothy
O'Keefe, a well-known hotel man and sa
loonkeeper, brother of Daniel O'Keefe* the
proprietor of the Grand Central Hotel and
a well-known race-horse man, owner of
the late famous mare Silver State, was
found dead In his bed this morning. . Heart
disease is supposed to have been the caus.i
of death. . : . -
Brospectors Said to Be Hurrying to a
Precious Locality Twenty Miles
RICH GOLD FIELDS
BEPOBTED IN ABIZONA
People of.'/Colfax, Wash., Alarmed
. Over the Strange Disappearance
'¦/ of - Miss Laura Morgan.
COL.FAX, Wash., March 14.— The town
is disturbed over ; tho mysterious disap
pearance of Laura Morgan, the 1G- year-old
daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth Morgan, prin
cipal of the Main-street school. She was
tracked by bloodhounds to a. clump of
bushes. There one of her books wa3
found. The dogs then worked to a bridge
across the Palouse' River and would go no
farther. The missing girl's cap was found
near by. Foul play Is teared. •
BLOODHOUNDS FIND
A MISSING GIRL'S .CAP
Cape Town and Soldiers May
Be Confined.
CAPE TOWN, March 14.— Owing to, the
increasing gravity, of the outbreak of bu
bonic plague in Cape. Colony the authori
ties here ; purpose to confine the soldiers
to camps and barracks.
The. number of European cases Is In
creasing, four having been officially re
ported to-day. In 'addition to ' these wero
elpht- other cases" reported. Thus far
there have been thirty-seven deaths all
told. AVholesale Inoculation was .begrun in
Cape Town to-day and 2000 natives were
treated.: The plague has made Its ap
pearance . at ; Malmesburg, Cape Colony.
Wholesale Inoculation Is Begun in
CAPE COLONY ALARMED
OVER PliAGXJE OUTBREAK
The magistrate has intimated to the
seconds of MM. Deroulede and Buffet
that the duel must not take place in the
Canton. of Valid. *
M. Andre Buffet has arrived In Uansanne
M. Deroulede, referring to the activity of
the police, is quoted as saying that if he
and M. Buffet cannot elude them there Is
nothing to do but go elsewhere.
LAUSANNE,. Switzerland, March 14.—
M. Paul Deroulede arrived here to-day
The police are shadowing him closely to
prevent the du«l.
PARIS. March 15.— A dispatch to Le
Journal from Lausanne, after announcing
the arrival of M. Buffet's seconds there,
says they have had a final interview with
the seconds of M. Deroulede and that the
duel will take place at dawn to-day (Fri
day).
Their Duel in Swit
zerland.
Buffet and Beroulcde Heady for
WILL BATTLE AT DAWN.
HAKRISBURG, Pa.. March 14.— Charles
W Ryan, cashier of the Harrisburg Na
tional Bank, was shot to death by Henry
Rowe and Weaton Kelper of Lykens at
noon to-day, in an attempt at a daring
bank robbery. The robbers were cap
tured by a party of citizens soon after
the crime and were brought to the Har
rison Jail, together with F. B. Straley
of Lykens, who is suspected of being an
accomplice. '
Rowe and Kelper drove to Halifax from
Ellzabethville this morning, /and hitching
their team on* the outskirts of the town
boldly entered the bank with revolvers
presented and. demanded that the at
taches of the bank throw up their hands
and turn over the money. One of them
held in check Abraham Kaustenbaugh, the
president; Isaac Lyter, the teller, and ex-
Representative Swartz of Duncanhon,
who was In the bank on private business.
The other covered • Cashier Ryan and
under the menace of the revolvers the
cashier collected the cash In the drawers
to the amount of $2000 and placed It In a
satchel the robbers ; had v brought with
them. Rowe, with the cash-stuffed satchel
in his hand, backed; out toward the door,
and Kelper also 'moved toward the .en
trance of the bank.. Just when It, seemed
that the robbers. would succeed In' getting
away Cashier, Ryan leaped forward In an
attempt to knock up the revolver of the
man with the money., In the scuffle four
trate Their Escapa and
*
Brave Official Tries to Frus 1
The first witness called yesterday was
Miss Nora Schneider. Cooper tried to at
tract the attention of the young lady by
smirking and smiling, but she avoided
hia glances. When 'asked her name by
BANK ROBBERS
KILL CASHIER
Nora Schneider on the Stand.
The prosecution endeavored to place
Nora Schneider on the witness stand, but
counsel for the ex-convict strenuously
objected. He insisted that the young lady
was the wife of the prisoner and could
not give testimony against Jier husband.
Assistant District Attorney Whiting
argued that Cooper or Chadwlck was a
married man at the time he married Nora
Schneider on February 23 last and that
the burden of proof as to the defendant's
right t« form a second marriage lay -with
the defense. Judge Fritz took the matter
und«?r advisement and will announce his
ruling this mornlns. . ;';' ; ;
the Assistant District Attorney she re
plied:
"My name Is Nora Schneider." . -
"Do you know the defendant?" she was
then asked.
Attorney Murphy was quickly on his
feet with an objection.
"This witness." he said, "is the wife of
the defendant and she cannot testify in
this case."
•The prosecution temporarily withdrew
the witness, and then, -In order to show
that the last marriage of Cooper was in
valid, Introduced evidence as to his for
mer marriage. J. A. Pickett, clerk of the
Langham Hotel, testified that In 1897
Cooper and his wife registered at the ho
tel and remained there for three weeks.
The witness produced the hotel register,
showing the signature "W. Cooper and
wife, N. Y.," under date of August 8.
1S97. . Pickett Identified Cooper as the man
who made the entry and stated that Miss
Schneider was not the lady who accom
panied him.
Captain Seymour, chief of detectives.
shots were fired and Ryan fell to the
floor, shot through the groin by a bullet
from the pistol of Rowe. Mr. Fausten
baugh grabbed Rowe and after a s-hort
scuffle threw him to the floor. Kelper ran
out of the door. The noise of the shots
attracted J. F. Lelter. who has a store
near the bank building. -He ran out with
his shotgun and pursued Kelper for one
block and shot him In the back of the
head, when the robber surrendered.
The wounded cashier was taken to his
home after the capture of the despera
does and died to-night. .
The relatives of .tite defendant say they
believe the indictment is simply -a bluff.
They say.there is no evidence to show that
she fired the shot 4 or that she saw any
one . who did. ¦ The Grand Jury \ will con
tinue work on the . Richardson case. ~ It
Is expected there- will be two other indict
ments. ¦¦' -¦ .-'- ,¦" ' " ¦'¦ "' -.
The indictment of "Mrs. Addle L. Rich
ardson to-day for the murder of her hus
band, Frank ;l. Richardson.' the million
aire merchant of Savannah, Mo., was en
tirely unexpected, according to the state
ments of relatives. Mrs. Richardson, some
time after ."the Indictment .was returned,
said: • ¦ ,
"I have no fears as to the outcome of"
the trial. I know absolutely nothing. of
the crime more than I have told to the
Prosecuting Attorney.. Furthermore. I be
lieve he knows- that I am Innocent." :
¦ ¦¦/¦>'
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. March 14.— Mrs. Rich
-irdson has been Indicted by the Grand
Jury for the murder of her husband,
Frank Richardson, the wealthy merchant,
at Savannahs Mo.'; last. Christmas eve.
Grand Jury Charges Her
With Murder of Million- x
aire Husbmd.
INDICTMENT FOR
MRS. RICHARDSON
At that point Judge Fritz announced
that he would adjourn "the hearing: until
this morning at 11.
J. E. Fitzpatrick, cashier of the Dono
hoe-Kelly Hank, testified that "Chad
wlck" was introduced to him by Captain
Colvllle-of Crockett. The defendant had a
draft for $1000 from a New Zealand bank
on the Exchange Bank of New York aud
on the Indorsement of Captain Colvllle
the bank had placed *970 to Chadwick'a
credit pending the collection In New York.
"In the afternoon of the same day," sail
the witness, "we noticed p serious error
on the draft and we wrote to Chadwlck
that he must not draw any money until
we heard from .New York. He came In that
aftecnoon and we showed him the letter.
He said that he had urawn a check for
$250 In favor of Colonel Andrews of the
Diamond Palace and we s decided to pay it.
We . ¦warned him. however, that -he must
not draw any more on the account."
The Thousand Dollar Draft.
Andrew C. Cunningham., an engraver at
436 Montgomery street, testified ¦ that
Cooper had ordered the seal press bear
ing the words "High Court of Chancery,
Probate. V. R., London, E. C.V Witness
stated that Cooper ordered th* seal press
on February 18 last and that it was sent
to him at Crockett per \Vell3, Fargo &
Co., who collected the amount due. The
receipt showed that the defendant had
signed for it In the name of Chadwlck.
E. L. Colvllle, real estate dealer of
Crockett, testified to indorsing a draft for
"Chadwick for $1000, purporting to be
from a New Zealand bank on the Bank
of Exchange In New York.
"I only consented to do .this." said the
witness, "after he had shown me th© pa
pers In which it was btated that he had
been left the sum of £31,000 by an aunt In
England." . -
The documents were read In court and
when the I Assistant District Attorney
came to the words "You are to collect
the sum of £31,000 at the English consul
ate. Fall not at your r»erll. God save the
King." there was a roar of laughter, in
which Cooper joined.
An Engraver Testifies.
With the Introduction of the evidence of
Cooper's first marriage Judg-e Fritz de
cld<^l to take the-malter undjer. advlfrsment
until this morning. . ; '
The second charge against Cooper was
then, proceeded with,- namely, .that Of
forging a seal of record of a court of Jus-,
tlce.
testified that he arrested Cooper at the
Langham Hotel on August 31, 1897.
"He asked me at the time to let him
go to his room and see his wife, but I re
fused to do so."
Captain Seymour identified a wedding
certificate as the one which Cooper had
asked witness to give to Mrs. Cooper. The
certificate records the marriage of Harry
West wood Cooper and Ida Maud Cam
paign by J. A. Hankin, minister, and Is
signed by Charles Fish and Amy Austin
as witnesses. It Is dated May 24, 1897,
and was Issued In Mulvln County, On
tario, Canada. ¦
Laborers Are Transported to Port Los
Angeles for Departure on the
Steamer Zealandia.
LOS ANGELES, March 14.-Two pas
senger trains with 54G Porto RIcan labor
ers, en route to the Hawaiian sugar flelda,
passed through the city to Port Los An
geles during the early morning hour*.
The Oceanic liner Zealandia awaits them
at the long wharf.
The programme is to load the Porto
Rlcans upon the steamer and when the
embarkation Is completed the ship will go
direct to Honolulu. This Is the second
large consignment of Porto Rlcans sent to
the islands.
Former Teacher in Prison.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— George Perry,
who at one time was principal of a high
school In Sonoma County, was to-day sen
tenced to. six months in the County Jail
for stealing a bicycle. . Sobbingly he
begged for mercy from Justice Richard
son and said grief over the death of his
wife and liquor had brought about his
degradation. Perry has spent two years
In an Insane asylum. Another charge of
p»tty. larceny was not pressed against
him. - " -
Hemorse Causes Suicide.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— Laura Medane, a
Mexican .woman about 25 years of age,
committed suicide this morning by swal
lowing carbolic atid at the home of her
mother, 653 Park avenue. For some time
she has been living with a street peddler
as his wife. Remorse is said to have
prompted the act. ,
MOBE POKTO BICANS j
FOR HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
KESWICK, March 14.— Two | three^ton
rollers crushed the life out of "Albert Bak
er last night at the. smelter. He was
foreman on a' briquetting: machine and
was standing on top of a vertical shaft
to which were attached the arms ' from
which revolved the three-ton rollers. He
called to his helper to start the machine
slowly, his object being to move the roll
ers so as to get at an oil hole.
The helper started the machine at full
speed, the rollers making sixty revolu
tions a minute on the bottom of the large
iron tub where the brick are pressed.
Baker was .thrown into the tank and the
rollers passed over him before the . ma
chinery <wasst*>E£ea. Baker was Z\ years
old. and was recently' marriedV:- - •
Young Man Employed on a Smelter
at Keswick Meets With a Tcr
. rible Death.
EOLLERS CBTJSH OUT
LITE OF A LABOREE
''Thirty-five to-day: a failure."
H<* left a lot of letters to various rela
tives. Mohley was claim ag^nt for the
Missouri, Kar.fas and Texas Railway.
HOUSTON, Texas, March 14.— W. H.
Mobley. son-in-law of John H. Reagan,
tn-day committed suicide by taking mor
phine. He *ent a telegram to his wife
:n which he said:
Morphine Ends His Life.
The Chinese who was Rilled was Lee
"Wing, an industrious and inoffensive man,
employed for twenty years as a cook in
the fairiilies of T. Ellard Beans and W.
K. Beans, San Jose bankers.
Fong Ling, the leader of the Hip Slngr
Tong, had a price set on his head for
some time, and the influx of highbinders
Is said to have been for the purpose of
killing him. Last night he applied to the
Sheriff for permission to sleep In the
County Jail, as he feared he would be
murdered. This was granted him, ' and,
before the shooting to-day he left for San
Francisco.
This afternoon Policeman Hughes was
starting uptown and saw a Chinese run
ning tilong Taylor street. Others were In
pursuit and were firing at him. Hughes
drew his revolver and began firing. At
this moment Deputy Sheriff Rives drove
around the corner and joined in the
shooting. The highbinders had overtaken
their victim at this time and two of them
were firing bullets into him. The man
fell on the sidewalk at Fourth and Jack
son streets.
-The highbinders then fired at the offi
cers and endeavored to escape. Rives
brought down Lam Him with a bullet ia
the left shoulder. Hughes wounded one,
but he managed to escape. Another Chi
naman" Is also believed to have been
wounded. About thirty shots were fired.
Lam Him and Ah Luck were captured.
The former had. a large pistol on him and
is one of the men that did the shooting.
Song Ylm and Ah Jim were arrested
while boarding a train for San Francisco.
To-day's shooting was the culmination
of trouble between the Hip Sing Tong
and the Bing Ong Wong Tong. For the
past ten days there has been an influx of
highbinders to this city, and Sunday six
hatchetmen from San Francisco arrived
here on bicycles. The police squad in
Chinatown was doubled and every pre
caution was taken to prevent a Chinese
war. .
SAN JOSE. March 14.— A highbinder
murder occurred at Fourth and Jackson
streets this afternoon at 3 o'clock and
was followed by a battle between Deputy
Sheriff John Rives, Policeman Hughes
and nearly a dozen Chinese. A Chinese
cook was killed by the highbinders; Lam
Him, one of the murderers, was shot in
the shoulder by Deputy Rives, and Po
liceman Hughes wounded another. Ah
Luck, Song Ylra, Ah Jim and Lam Him
were arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bullets Hurtle In the Streets of San
Jose and Mark the Culmina
„ tion of a Mongol
War.
Highbinders Murder a Chi
. ness and Then Turn
on the Police.
OFFICERS FIGHT
"HATCHETMEN"
LONDON'. March H.-In the House of
Commons to-day th* leaders of the op
position searchingly criticised the Govern
ment's proposal for the increase and rc
fprm or the army. Sir Henry Campbell-
Banneraian eaid:
"The name and fajne of Lord Roberts
are a little too largely invoked in this
Question. Lord Roberts has spent nearly
the whole cf his military, life In India,
¦where he has had to deal with a finished
article, but he has had no- experience ot
the peculiar difficulties found in England
cf late in utilizing ajd furnishing raw
material."
Sir Henry declared that no Justification
had been offered by the Government for
increasing the aggressive military power
of Great Britain. Dwelling upon the dif
ficulty of getting rtcruits. he asserted
that the country wjuld not stand con
scription, and that the Government was
introducing a military system and spirit
which would fatally change the character
or the nation and empire.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt. who re
viewed the rapid Increase In the army
estimates during recent years, said noth
ing could be more hollow than the Idea
that great armaments were a security for
peace, adding that it was an easy matter
to make a war Inevitable. He reprobated
the proposal to have 123.000 men ready to
send abroad.
"Other countries r.eed great armies."
said Sir William, "because they have Ions
and vulnerable frontiers. England's po
sition is on the sea and it is the fleet
that must be made sufficient at whatever
cost."
Balfour, replying to the opposition lead
ers, pointed out that England's colonies
and dependencies v.ere contiguous to
great jwwprs which might be at war with
her and that her allies might reasonably
expect her assistance. The chief object
of the Government, he said, was not to
increase the number of troops, but to
make that number effective. The only
actual increase was the 10.009 garrison
veterans and the 25.000 yeomanry, an In
crease so Email as to afford no Justifica
tion for the charges brought against the
Government.'
Sir Charles Diike criticised the Govern
ment's scheme as ?nadequate. declaring
That he attached more importance to a
strike force equipped for going abroad
ih&n & horde of men at home.
The debate was thrn adjourned.
Sir Henry Caiapbell-Banaerman De
clares in Commons That Pro
posed System Would Change
Nation's Character.
Government's Prcpasals for
Reform Meet Extremely
Severe Criticism.
OPPOSE INCREASE
OF BRITISH ARMY
PIETERMAP.ITZBURG, Natal, March
14.— The trial of the moet prominent rebel
In this colony, a man named De Jager.
has been concluded. He was sentenced
to five years' Imprisonment and to pay a
fine of £5000. De Jager was a Boer com
mandant. . His defense was that a Trans
vaal burgher court had decided that al
though he was not a naturalized burgher,
he owed allegiance to Natal.,,-
Krltslnger's men have driven off- all the
horses in the Albany district, for which,
as they were registered. Great Britain
will hjve to pay £10,000. The raiders were
civil to the Inhabitants of ' the district,
though they commandeered the . horses
and food.
ADELAIDE. Cape Colony, Wednesday,
March 13.— Krltslnger's commando Is
working northward and has eluded three
British columns. It passed here on both
sides of the town without attacking. A
Boer patrol captured four native scouta
last night and shot three of them.
Commando Eludes British
Columns and Drives Off
Many Horses.
RAID OF BOERS
IN CAPE COLONY
CALL BUREAU, 1106 G STREET. X.
I "W., WASHINGTON, March 14.— The situ-
I atlon in China Is described by the officials
as resembling a tinder box. and a spark
generated by friction between the allies'
may set theVountry, if not almost the'
entire world, aflame.
As an illustration of the serious results
which may arise from minor causes at-,
tentlon was called to-day to the incidents
which followed the acquisition by Russia
of the settlement at Tientsin. This set
tlement is similar t-j that held by each
of the other nations. The Italian troop3
raised their flag over a portion of tho
settlement and Indicated their purpose to
remain. Fortunately Wojjack.
the Russian commander^ is a cool-headed
{ officer, and by diplomatic representation
he succeeded In securing the withdrawal
of the Italians.
If it be true, as'reported. that the Brit
ish commander In Tientsin has announced
that he proposes to .use force to compel
the evacuation of the settlement occupied
| by the Russians an armed conflict will
occur. The authorities hope that the
British Government will not support him
in any such action. ' *
Germany's Harsh. Terms.
In her proposal for settlement of the
Indemnity question Germany has agali>
shown her purpose to deal harshly with
China. Information ieceived here is to
the effect thafghe contemplates naming
a large sum for the Celestial Government
to pay and demanding that It be paid
without loss of time. .Russia, on the other
hand, has adopted ihe unselfish attitude
of the American Government. She has
heartily approved Secretary Hay's pro
posal that the Minsters in Peking de
termine upon a sum that China can pay
as the amount of indemnity to be de
manded ami to proportionately dis
tribute it among the powers. Great Brit
ain, of course, agrees with Germany.
Having a Just idea of the position of
China, Japan does not propose to join »n
any representation which- may result in
repudiation by China', .or precipitate dis
memberment and the American proposal
consequently meets with favor In Toklo.
Austria and Italy are creatures of Ger
many, so that they will support the pro
posal of the German 'Minister. Special
Commissioner RockMll is working ener
getically to obtain the assent of the pow
ers to the American proposal, but it is
anticipated that negotiations will drag
along for weeks bctcre a settlement of
this vexatious question is accomplished.
Suzerainty Over Manchuria,
Such Information as has come to the
hands of officials indicates that the Rus
sian agreement with China consists of
twelve articles. Th* chief concern of
officials here has Do?n to learn how far
these articles affect the permanent future
of Manchuria. On their face, it Is said,
they show a return of Manchuria to
China, which would seem to be quite in
jkeeping with the desire of all powers.
But this is accomplished • upon certain
conditions imposed upon China and It is
understood that these conditions, in effect,
establish a Russian suzerainty ov«r
Manchuria, with a Russian official oc
cupying the chief executive position, quite
similar to that of the. British Viceroy of
India. Comparing thb* condition with that
in India It is said that If the present
agreement is consummated ., Manchuria
iwifTbe much In tlttTTitrtte position as^inV'
*of the Indian states, having a certain de- [
Kree of Independence and yet 'conforming
all Its actions to il>e supreme authority
over it.
A -*--*-* .*..•..*.¦• t • t t » .t f__<__»_.»._t_.t_y_t..t. t a
Special Dispatch to The Call
Germany Shows a Desira to Daal
Harshly With Celestial Gov
ernment and Is Backed by
Austria and Italy.
Friction Betwesn the AUie3
in China Would Result
BRITAIN LIKELY
TO CHOSE CLASH
'JLJtlX5 AN FR ANGISGO GALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 1 5, 19O1.
Lawyers Wrangle Over Question as to Whether ]NJora
Schneider, Gan Testify in Court.
• ¦ V : .•-,•. ¦¦ ¦¦;.-¦ ?¦?}*/¦¦. .. • - - . ¦ ¦ •¦
LAW SEALS LIPS OF YOUNG
DUPE OP EX=CONVICT COOPER
» GUNNING attempt on the part of
"Sir'l" Harry-: Westvrood Cooper,
/~\ alias Dr. Ernest Moore Chadwlck,
A W.' to create a spectacular, scene in
. the courtroom was ; neatly [ foiled
by Judge \ Fritz yesterday/; afternoon.
Shortly* after the court had convened, and
the examination of the prisoner -Was in
progi es3 a messenger boy entered the
room with a large bouquet of flowers and
started toward/ the ex-convict.:, Judge
Fritz quickly ordered the boy to place
the flowers at the step? of the bench, and
there the blossoms remained. Tuntil after
court adjourned.
It is not at all unlikely that Cooper may
also have .to face a charge, of bigamy.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Corner Sacramento and Montgomery Sts.» San Francisco.
GENTLEMEN: To-day, upon bcinc appointed Executors and miklnc our claim
ajrainst your Company under ACCIDENT POLICY held by tho late Mr. Adolpn
Bissinger we received your check $20,050.00. being amount of policy with retufn
of the premium paid. The accident whlcn caused Mr. Blsslnger's death and the sail
attending circumstances are still fresh in the minds of all. Pernjlt us to say that
the IMMEDIATE PAYMENT of this policy, which was taken out only eight day<»
before Mr. Blssinger's death, lg much appreciated. Yours very truly,
r.r.x SAMUEL BISSINGER f Exe cutora
• c .»-- ¦ ISIDORE BISSINGER I ***ec.uiors.
OF CALIFORNIA,
• . SAN FRANCISCO, March 12, 1901.
THE PACIFIC MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
HEART DISEASE
Some Facts Segarding tha Rapid In-
crease of Heart Trouble.
Heart trouble, at Irast among the Amer-
icans, i* certainly Increasing, and while
this tasy be larptlj- due to the ficlteiaetit
and w»jrry of American business life It is
mcTf > if ten the result of weak *toma.cns 4
or tn>nr < rjLTrttohr " "—^ ----:. i'^^r.^-^.^
Real orptnic disenfce Is Incurable; but
not one tcse in a. hundred o* heart trouble
js orranlc. - _ . ,
The p lose relation between heart trouble
end poor digestion Is because both organs
are controlled by the same irreat nerves,
• the Sympathetic and Pneumofrastric.
In another way. also the heart Is affect-
f-6 by the form of poor digestion which
musts cap and fermentation from half
diprstrd food. There is a feeling of op-
I-retfJon and heaviness In the chest caused
by pressure of tile distended stomach on
the hf-art and lur.gs, interfering with their
cctior.; hor.ee arises palpitation and short
breath.
Poor digestion also • poisons the blood,
rasklrir it thin and watery, which irritates
and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble is to Improve the digestion and to
insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regxilar use
after m^als of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, which may be found
at most drug- stores and which contain
valuable, harmless dipestive elements In a
pleasant, convenient form.
It Is safe to say that the regular per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
ax mealtime trill cure any form of stom-
ach trouble except cancer of the stomach
Full Elzed packag-e of these tablets sold
by druggists at 50 cents. Little book on
stomach trouble mailed free. Address F
A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.
No Waste in the Kitchen
T7o «rm*te of time or materials, for with
a rm&il quantity of extract, remnants
wbica by themselves would be intipid
L::d useless csn b» xa&de iaro a delic&ta
eocp, or esvory dish.
I COMPANY'S EXTRACT I
j OF BEEF for j
I IMPROVED AKD ECONOMIC COOKERY
* f jtBRt^ >™. VIGOR. VITAL! TY for MEN
Jgi TgL MORMOX BISHOP'S TILLS
J&-V4-* cn * :% ' r ' t "" n *" Uf ' ° v *"' fl'ty
£&*. *6fe» y^ars by th<- H-ndm* r,f th»
ES>v5 tZs r^ji Mormon Churrh and th«lr fol-
£5K-.s>> .C-Jj Io-b-«tb. Positively cur* the
VZi» V • fc^al wcryt r^"* in r.\<i HDii yr.unjr
Y&\^Vfy3 arising from crr<?rr» <,f ' g*ir-
'® ! W)«G*t Ebu«». dissipation, exn>s*p* or
<:j.-arott»>-Frnnkinfc. (."ur» Jy^tt
Mar.Iiood. Jmpotency, Lost
whins itowcr. Nicht I/nun, rnsom-
r.ia, Pr'.n? in Back. Kvll I>i>lr«>. Lame Back.
Nervoug Debility. Headache. l.'nfltn«»es to Mar-
ry. Jy*9 of Seaca. — r V? rieocele or Con-
rtipstion. Storw »*3 M rvous Twitching
of Eyelid*. K7»"-t«r^. JT^ are Immediate. '
Irr.rart vicor anA**^™' = potency to every'
function. l>cn't p"t Respondent: a cure Is at
hand. Itpstor*? *mall, ut.tfevejooed crfcans.
Stimulate the brain and nerve tentera; &0c a
box; « for C SO by mall. A written guarantee
to c-ure or money, refunded with € boxen, oir-
Irular* <TPf. *<:<JreM« BISHOP REMEDY CO..
<0 KIU« ft., San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
imUG CO.. 3S and 40 Third Kt.
XvJr FAVORITE
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A Olil-AT RESTOUATIVK. IXVIGORA-
TN> aphrodisiac and Special
hi-
Market St.. S. f .-(Send for Circulars.)
.DR. CHQSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE-'
r« t*e «« of GONORRHEA- GLSET&
STRICTURES and analorou* complaint* or tn«
Price Si a botue. Far tale by drujrjlsti."
'ADVERTISEMENTS.
T-.;-'--';-'-*"*"^^ vi^--.t:«>v^t-gv.^r^ -. '-g '-. ¦vrt-a-Tv^Vifcyy ; >''te;:- > -:",;J-^.y^>Ay-/.v->«^T^
-s£\ a B 1 1 7« y*^~-' ~?mT~^ > ~^ : i^ ::^*** > *^^ :: * "* ' t -^~ M ' — ** ft' ¦ •
\ \M\3 4V WILL RETURN TO ITS NATURAL COLOR fe- £
5S5/ -IF YOU USE §?? >
ttGfH AV CARTER'S SWEDISH HAIR RENIWERJ%^
ykn'JCK.*\ *• Fon sale by all o^uc^ists. k^> '**
price j\5 cents. aCx'*"Papa," said little Ethel Snaggs, who
nas an -inquiring s mind, "why, - are you
bald-headed?" - . ' . ' ,
"I was born that way, my child," re
plied Mr. Snaggs.— Courier Journal. »
. The oldest waterworks - system in the
county is that of 8outh Bethlehem, Pa.
The original mains laid were made out of
cedar logs, some of which have been re
cently taken up in a good state of preser
vation. - ¦ ' - - <¦-.¦! ¦ '•' ¦" ¦ .
Ancient Order of ' Foresters.
High Chief Ranger ¦ Bo'ehm and rermra
nent Secretary Falconer of the Ancient
Order of Foresters paid a visit iast week
to Court Treadwell In TeBla and> found It
in excellent condition. There was a good
exemplification in the initiatory work, and
the records show that the' court Is doing
well, it having increased Its funds by J200
during the quarter Just closed. •- \
' Court San Pablo, in the town of that
name, 1 was visited, last week by High
Court Senior Woodward J.'J. Roberts and
Bay City Club Bouts.
The Bay City Athletic Club will hold Its
monthly boxing | exhibition this . evening.
Manager Crowley has arranged an excel
lent programme. Jack McCarthy will
fight "Nobby" Otts and Frank Neal will
go four, rounds with ' "Spike" Wallace-
These bouts are the events of the even
ing. Following is the rest of the card:
' "Young". Snailham vs. "Young" McPadden
"Kid" Corvln vs. Jerry Mitchell: Mike Curtln
vs. "Cyclone"" Kelly; George Doherty \-s. Ed
Tillton; Jack McCormick vs. Frank Dillon, and
Jack McGlnnls vs. Tody Everett.
SACRAMENTO. March IJ.-Some men
who were dragging the Sacramento' River
at a late hour this evening succeeded In
bringing up a remnant of cloth which
was identilied as a. portion of the clothing
of John Bunner. the San ¦ Francisco sur
veyor who •was drowned here about three
weeks ago. The hooks in use were too
short to sustain the weight of the. body,
'.however, and to-morrow another attempt
will be made/or its recovery, with longer
hooks, and Coroner McMullen" states he
feels eure it. will result successfully. > .
Banner's Bpdy Located.
Fifth rac*. Fix and a half furlongs,, selling—
P^tH Maitre won, Judu^ Magee second, Lady
Curzon third. Time, 1:25. '« • . i
Sixth race. Fix furlongs, 'celling — Miss Go
llghtly won. Boomcrack. eecond. Curtsey third.
Time, I:l€H.
Fourth race. Fix furlongs, handicap— Kleanor
Howard won. Wild " Pirate second, Thurles
third. .Time. 1:17.
Second race, mile and sevecty yards, BPlIIng
— Eiiholln won, HanJwurst second, | I'hidlaa
third. Time, 1:52.
Third race. # mile and wv^nty yards, splllnjr—
J. H. h'l'.iiii won, Lackman second, Gcorgie
Gurdnpr third. Time. 1:50.
First rao*, Keren furlongs. Killing—Wood
trice won. Colonel Gay second, Tillle W third
Tlm«\ 1:33. > ,
Over Slow Track.
.NEW ORLEANS, March : It— Weather clear;
tra.rk elow. -.-¦ • ,*,
Selling and Handicap Events Bun Off
RACING AT NEW ORLEANS.
California Wins.
BERKELEY, March 14.— The California
nine won easily from the Golden Gafes
this afternoon in a game played on tho
college diamond. The score was 16 to 3
Following was the line-up:
Golden Gate. Positions. , California
Shea Catcher Smith
McMcnomy Pitcher.. Overall. Nourse
Johnson. First base Gardiner
Waterbury ..Second base ....Klne
McCIune Shortstop .' .Hunter
Spencer .Left field M ..;.. Kennedy
Clynea ...Center, field.. . s ,.....:.HamIln
Thomas Right field ....McKeowa
Ancient .Order of Workmen.
Last Monday night there was a well at
tended meeting of the. Past Masters' Asso
ciation. Several past masters were elect
ed to membership and quite a number
later on were given the Mogulion degree,
which was given in fine form by a
specially picked team composed of Past
Supreure Master Jordan, Past Grand Mas^
ter Barnes. Grand Receiver Booth. Colonel
Malloy and Major Blackman. The- very
Impressive ceremony will be long remem
bered by the nine candidates who received
tho degree. After the. new Mogullons had
been welcomed and had been received into
the long-earcrt fraternity, there were ad
dresses by. the degree officers, songs by
Grand Receiver Sam Booth and remarks
by Judge Beatty.
Prosperity Lodge at its last held, meet
ing . initiated three candidates and after
the meeting the members and visitors
were entertained with selections on the
graphophone. On the night of the 7th
inst. the members of the lodge and a few
favored friends as guests, ln all about
one hundred, enjoyed the lodge's annual
banquet. J. C. Langensderfer was the
toast master and Tie kept those, present
busy answering to sentiments which he
proposed. The principal speakers, were:
Judge WillJ. Beatty., who delivered a
sermon: Grand Recorder Spencer, Lieu
tenant Devine, Captain McPherson,' J. II.
Jenner, F.; J. Klatzel,- Herbert Kstes,
James Cunningham, Major M. J. Black
man, W. H. Daniels, David Keefe, J. A.
Connolly, Financier Yeakle, B. D. Gbod
rich and Dr. Steiner. .- •
The picnic committee has decided on
holdinp a family outing in Fern Park,
Nlles 1 Canyon, on the 18th of May.
On the evening before • the session, of
the grand lodge. Magnolia Lodge will en
tertain the members «f that body in the
banquet hall of the Red Men's building.
.A first class programme will be presented.
GrRnd Recorder Spencer, .accompanied
by about twenty-five members of. Mag
nolia Lodge, visited Fidelity Lodge la«t
week and the grand recorder ¦ conferred
the degrees on bne candidate, after which
there was an evening of entertainment
and speech making. ¦ • - ; :
Grand Recorder Spencer and Grand Re
ceiver Booth, recently paid a fraternal
| visit to the lodge ln Oakdale, where they
conferred the degree on two' candidates.
Silver Spray Lodge of the . Degree of
Honor will' have. an entertainment forlta
friends on the night of April 26. : .
Oakland Entries.
FirFt race— Five f urlongi? ; four-year-olds and
Upward; pcllinjj.
WS2 Fpry Lark W t"C0 Merry Boy 120
*HS Kinc> Pal 116; 2<-« Rsrt1m» 113
1K22 C Harrison Jr.. 110 1742 Gliwsando 116
is>f.4 Aurora B.......11R U'% Rod Leary 110
2"T3 Looram 120 26;i John Welch lOfi
2tP7 Hvnjon 1<"> 2'IS3 Nettie Clark. ...114
2<ns Fairfax idi] 2117 Miss Rowena..-118
20S3 I Don't Know.. 110'
Fernnd race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
pplllnr.
ISM Intmdnctor 11? 2"12 I>andy Jim I1fi
(2082) Bernota 107 2O6S El Ktrn. 107
Third race— Four furlong*; two-year-olds;
purse.
<2f»2(Miko Murphy. ..110| Frank Bain 110 •
2K'4 1-iHin IK* (21P4)Mona~Etlc 110
C:04C)\Yatcrscratch ..110i
F<^urth race— Oi: 'mile and a sixteenth; four
y**a.r-old!« and upward: spninff.
jr-47 HpUt<> 102 r 2121 Cromwell 1<19
21"6 Vas-Fal V*. iO.-JtSlNorford 114
2W1 Itio Shannon 103 i 2115 Don Luis 1%
Fifth race — On* mile and fifty yaftis ; . three
year-olds and unward: welling.
2-TR3 William Ack.... SS 201S Mitten 90
XZ» The rhocnicianlto 2/*3 Castake lOfi
<2CjS)Ko!Iick KS (20S9)Havfland ¦ 102
Flxth race— Pen>n furlongs; three-year-olds
¦ nd upward; handicap. -¦ .- -<¦•
«2^T2)The Fritter.,. ..122K2011)Ton«ina 104
(H*2>Rosormonde ....IPS (2070)St. Hlca g7
210S Orponent : 90 210S Flamero 95
Oakland Selections.
Flift rare— MIfs Jlowrna, Fairfax, Hagerdon.
Bccond race— Dandy Jim, Bernota, Introduc
tnr.
Third race — Mike Murphy, Waterscratch,
Monastic.
Fourth race— Xorford, Cromwell, Don Luis.
Fifth race— Ha'viland, Rollick. CaM&ke.
FIxth race — Flamcro, Torsina, The Fretter.
Tanforan Entries.
First race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; selling::
<2050)Misalon 103 19S2 Alee 106
1971 Alary'u Garter.101 (20S6)Santa Lucia ..M04
2003 Uacetto 105 2110 Prejudice 104
2019 Crutch 1011
' Second' race— Three furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; purse:
2064 Royalty 100 Murcla '. 110
2W3 I>r. McNutt ...10S 1907 E. M. Brattaln 103
2027 finowberry lO.'i 20S7 Slleslan ..110
2099 Contestant 10.1 20R3 Muslque ....... .1CB
• 2004 Ixmlette 105 2087 Ban Lultlon ...105
ISOfl Dandy 113) Priam ....110
1811 11. C. Greene... 103. 20G5 Minerva 105
1R83 Ogle 10S .... Muresca U0
2065 Oratossa 100|
Third race — F"ive furlong's; maiden two-year
old fllllcs; selling: .
2014 Alpha Lee 1C5 2114 Mrs. Brunell. ...105
2054 Singer 105 1636 Katherine Un- ¦_
20U La CaUna 105 nls 105
2014 Luca ..105 2102 Cushion 105
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
2067 Kitty Kelly.... 103] 2040 St. Cuthbert.... UO
(1971)AntaKone ......1051 2090 Hermoso 117
Fifth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
gelllnp;:. ¦ -
f20?9)Hav!land 104 f2039)Wyomln|r 113
(2C30)Nansen 102 2043 Free Lance iw
Sixth race— Five and a half* furlongs;' three
year-olda; purse: v.
2054 Maresa 112 (2091)Selde ".. H2
2111 AUura *..,107 2059 Andrattuo ......101
2101 Toah 109
Tanforan Selections.
First race— Alee, Prejudice, R&cetto.
Second race — Contestant, Snowberry, Min
erva,
' Third race— Luca, Katberlne Ennis, Mre.
Brunell. .
' Eourth race— Hermoso, Kitty . Kelly, St.<
Cuthbert.
Fifth race— W'yominir, Nansen, Free Lance.
Sixth race— Toah, Maresa, Selde. '*
" By the Importation of polecats Shakan
Island Inaugurates an enterprise ln pun
gent perfumery.
Daughters of St. George.
The committee that has charge of tha
entertainrrfent that is to be given by Bri
tannia Lodge of th« Daughters of 3c.
George ln the Pythian Castle on the 19tn
inst. ha» been Increased to> twelve and
now consists of Meadames G. Muhlner A
Price. Ji Creba. R. Hf.witt, S. Clack. 5\
iCorrington, E* Goss^. J. ft. £taple». -one
man, McAdams, J. G. Davis and Miss M.
Ball. *¦
American Companions.
On the night of the. 5th Inst Grand Sub
Chief Alice Ttcoulet. accompanied by a
number of the grand officers, paid an of
ficial visit to Pride of the Forest Circle, in
South San Francslco.
Robin Hood Circle will have five candi
dates to Initiate on the night of the 20th
Inst. It has appointed -an entertainment
committee, to serve, for three months.
which will present a programme of enter
tainment at every meeting. The first of
these will be siven at the next meeting 1 ,
when the feature will be a ca.ndle-blow-
Ing-out contest. Dancing will follow.
Inter >{od Circle is still booming. Ini
tiating members at almost every meetlnsr
and after meetings having a jolly goo<i
time for the young people.
Bay City Circle is arranging fbr a se
ries of pleasant meetfngs in order to bring
itself more prominently before the public.
The circle has many wnthuslastlc mem
bers, who, If they -will, can carry out tha
proposed scheme to perfection.
there will be a lively contest for the office
of exalted ruler- and that there will not
be less than 300 votes cast at the election
on the 29th inst. Thomas E. Dunne of
this lodge has entirely recovered from his
recent attack of illness. A. J. Carmany
of this lodge made a most efficient •secre
tary during tho institution of Eureka
Lodge, which by the- way; started with
165 names on the roll, the largest charter
list of the Pacific Coast jurisdiction. Dep
uty Gray will visit No. 3 during the lat
ter part of the current month.
Grand Exalted Ruler Fish will be ln this
city during the current month.
Tho foundation Is now being laid for a
new lodge ln Suisun.
Oakland Lodge netted $750 by its mln
strel show given In aid of its charity fund.
San Jose Lodge, is still increasing In
membership and is takinp a great deal of
Interest In the approaching election.
Salinas Lodsje reports a good, steady
growth and much interest in lodge mat
ters by the members.
Lcs Angeles Lodge, with Its membership
ot 4G0, will soon have a stag social and
entertainment, and expects by that time
to have quite a number of new Elks.
Fresno Lodge, which has doubled It3
membership during tho last twelve
months, Is arranging' for a banquet in
April.
Prosperity ln and around Bakersfleld
has aroused a new interest ln Bakersfleld
Lodge, and ln the past two months It has
trebled its membership, having now sev
enty-five, as against twenty-five in the
latter part of 4ast year. The present of
ficers are noted for their courtesy to vis
itors and the lodge for its hospitality.
It Is expected, that the new lodge in
Riverside will be Instituted next month.
On the night of the 4th inst. Pickwick
lx>dge of the Sons of St. George held an
open meeting 1 in Red Men's Hall, at which
there were present in addition to the
members a large number of Englishmen
and. descendants of Englishmen. For the
entertainment oT all there was an excel
lent programme '" St numbers, oratorical^
and musical, and' something gastronom->
leal. During the evening Richard Wilson
rT-p-ptitod to the lodjje a fine oil painting
of Field Marshal Lord Roberta, which in,
a fitting manner was received by R. Dig
by Johnson on behalf of the lodge. Those
Sons of St. G-sorge.
Court Acme celebrated its eighth anni
versary by a banquet last week. There
•was present a large number of the mem
bers and a very enjoyable evening was
spent after the menu had been discussed.
? Court Golden Era will celebrate Its
twelfth anniversary with a banquet on
the 19th of April. . ¦ ... . .
Two new courts, aro to be lhstitutea
within a short time in Humboldt County.
"There was an official visit of grand of.
flce,rs to Court Eureka at Eureka, last
week. There, was an . exempllilcatipn of
the work by the Initiation of a candidate
In a manner that, won the approval of the
vlsltlnfT officials. The records show that
the court has a good membership and has
more than $2600 ln its treasury. .After the
work of the evening there was a first
class banquet in honor of the visitors.
Otto Gelger was the toastmaster and
after the menu had been disposed of
there wa£ a round of toasts that were
responded to by Ed Harrison, George
Raleigh, W. Eccles, It. K. Woods. P. A.
Jansen. E". Skinner. Dr. Carpenter, Dr.
Felt. J. II. Cone and others.
Court Sutro Heights expects to have a
good meeting to-morrow night, including
work in the initiatory degree, as there
•are several candidates' on the list. This
court, one of the most active in the order,
still has as Its pillars that support the
fraternal arch of the organization genial
Ed S.- Harding, tho, financial secretary,
and courteous J.' W. Gleadell, the record-
Ing secretary., . \ , " f '. ;"-
Elkdom. * ,
San Francisco L,6dge. at its meeting on
the 1st Inst. receive^ ten appllcatl6ns for
rnembership; At the last -held meeting
nominatioryi for officers for 'the ensuing
term were ln order. It is expected that
Foresters of America.
KEAL ESTATE TBANSAOTIONS.'
Ernestine, and Charles Jest to A. Miles Tay
lor. 16t on-N line of Post street, 68:9 W of
Polk, W 25 .by N 120; $6000.
Mary R. McLaughlln to Abble M. McLaugh
lln. lot on-. SW corner of Bush and Devlsadero
streets. W 206:3 by S 137:6: plft. «
Carrie L. Burr (wife of E. B.) to Emil Pin
cus, lot on E line of Baker street; 50, S of
Okk, S 25 by E 96:10^; $2500.
Fritz Illing to Mera Illing, lot on N line of
Nineteenth street. 230 W of Sanchez, W 25 by
N 114; gift. .
Bernhard Wurthmann to Minnie Wurthmann.
lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 2S0 W
of Noe, W 25 by N 114; $2500.
Simon Koch to Elizabeth Koch, lot on N line
of Twenty-fifth street, 22:6 W of Shotwell, W
20 by N 75; Rift. .
Katie r>. Munday to Edward Ambrose, lot on
S line of Jersey street, 130 E or Diamond, B
30 by 8 114; $1000.
Harry. W. and Fannie R. Patrick to Patrick
•Swift, lot on W line of Castro street. 149 N of
Nineteenth, N 37 by W 125; $3000.
Isabella .T.. arid William F. Barton and Grace
B,. Smith (wife of T. C.) to Union Faclflc Salt
Company (corporation), all interest In lot on
N line of Hacra'mento street. 200 E of.Drtimm,
E 25 by N 59:9; $1.
¦ Henry L. King Jr., Bmlly K. Latham and
L«ouise D. Bnderhill (wife of George LO to Ed
ward F. Franks and Edward D. Swift, lot on
NE corner of Clay and Powell streets, E 60
by N 40: $5500.
Marie Hltte to Fabien Hitte. lot on S line of
Jackson street, 107 :-6 E of Mason. E 30 by S
137:5; gift.
John Wadsworth to Isabella T. Barton (half),
William F. Barton and Grace B. Smith (wife
of T. C.) (a. fourth each), lot on NW corner of
Lombard and Jones streets, N 6S:9 by W 73:6;
$500. -K
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to Jea-n Chaix,
lot on SW corner of. Sacramento and Leaven
worth streets, S 60 by W fi6: $15,500. •
Tlllie E. and AV. U Stowell to W. .>!. Sto«er
and W. I>. Holeom, lot on \V" line of Twenty
eighth avenue. 310:5 N of Clement street, N
42:6. SW 3:9. SE 42:3; $000. •
E. E. Jones to Frederick L. and Benjamin
F. Jones and Annie L. Gilfether. lot on E
line of .Second avenue. 173 S of l>eeth street
(California street south), S 25 by E 120; gift.
B. A. Meyer to Ida W. M. Meyer, lot <fti S
line of U street. 32:6 W. of Forty-fourth ave
nue, W 23 by fi 100; also lot on 8 line of W
street, S2:6 K of Thirty-ninth 'avenue, E 50 by
S 100; also lot on AV-llne of ' Forty-seventh ave
ntie. 250 S of TV*tr«*t. S'W-byW 120; also lot
on SW corner dt Forty-seconJf avenue and It
street. W 240 by-S-lOOialso lotV 44 to 43, block
19, City Land Association; gift.
William and Caroline T.- Nlcpl to Ijoultt Levy,
and George Thistleton, lot on N line of.Mon
tana etreet, 180 "W of Capitol avenue, \V7 by
N 125, block U, Railroad Homestead, quit
claim deed; ?25. . '#
Samuel and Katherlne H. Jackson to Olive
Verkouteren. lot on NW line of- Prague street,.
160 NE of Brazil avenue. NE 150 by NW 100.
block 89, Excelsior Homestead; $500.
Oorge F. and May Ross to Noah E. and
Jessie M. Smith, lots 215, 217 and 219, Holllday
Map A; $500,
Builders' Contracts.
Charles Xauman (owner) with A. C. Soule
(contractor), architect T. Paterson Ross— All
wtrk for two-story, basement and attic frame
"building: (flat?) on W line of Guerrero street.
160 N of Twenty-fifth. >T 25 by W 125, - Home-
Stead Addition, block 30: $4160.
John W. Allyne and William H. White (own
ers) with O. E. Brady & Son (contractors),
architect Charles Geddes— Brlek underpinning
of a wall under building at 561 Mission street;
John Leppla (owner) with Adolph Petry
(contractor), architect William Koenlg— All
work for a two-story frame building (flats) on
S line of H street, 45 E or Twelftti avenue, . S
100 by E"25; $3695.
Patrick J.. Regan (owner) with William Lem
ser (contractor), architect . All work ex
cept plumbing and painting for a one-etpry
nnd basement cottaRe on W line of Missouri
street. 5ft N of Nineteenth (Butte), N 25 by
W 100; $10M. . •
Reuben II Lloyd (owner) with California
Concrete Company (contractors), architects
Salfleld & Kohlbersr— Kxcavatlon. concrete and
twisted Iron work, cementing and pumping for
a three-story and basement concrete and brick
building on NW line of Mission street. 91:8
SW of Main; SW 45:10 by NW 137:6; fS340.
thing to talk about. Xext week Techow's
cats will be one of the star attractions.
Those particular tabby comedians an 1
acrobats have made friends all pver tho
world and are Just as popular with the
"grown ups" as with little folk. In the
r"anks of the Techow company are com>j
dlans, clowns, acrobats, pugilistg and
tlKht-rope walkers, and they arc all cats
of high degree. As a fad the cat has tak-
NOT a little of the fame of Or
pheujn entertainments has been
won by the "trained animal" ac's
.which the management has from
.. ¦ time to time brought out from
the East and Europe. People are still
talking about Lockhart's. elephants, al
though the big entertainers are by this
time almost on. the other eide^of the At
lantic on their way to give London some-
Permanent Secretary Falconer, on which
occasion a class of thirty-one strangers
was initiated Into tho court. There were
present as visitors members of Court uni
versity -of Berkeley, Court Webster or
Pinole and Court Pacific of Stockton.
Court Violet at Its last held meeting
initiated one stranger and received two
applications. .
Court Sutter Fort of Sacramento has
within a short time initiated sixty
strangers. •
en the place of the Belgian hare and is
now the reigning- social favorite. The
advent of these pretty, gentle born pro
fessionals Is expected to create quite a
flutter in the exclusive circles of local cat
society and It In expected that all the tlnr>
the Techow family have to spare from
their theatrical duties will be taken u->
with teas, luncheons and receptions. They
make their bow to the public at the Or
pheurri. on Sunday afternoon.
who contributed - to the pleasure of the
evening were A. Slchel. Mr. Jeffrey, late'
"band master In the royal navy; Mr. Ewart
of Westminster Lodge of Chicago. Mr.
Gerrans of Burnaby Lortpe. Mr. Carles,
Mr. Brown. Mr. Bentley. Mr. Coatea and
Mr. Wollett. There were interesting- re
marks by Mr. Pope on the- value of belnj?
a member of the lodger by Mr. "Watson,
president of the St. Andrew's . Society;
Richard Wilson, who had at a raffle won
the portrait from the lodse and returned
it so It mlRht adorn the ¦walla of tha
lodgeroom; H. DJgby Johnson and F. D.
Brandon. The affair, a most enjoyable
one, was conducted successfully by Wool
erton R. "Whyte. master of ceremonies.
GALL'S BACING FORM tKARTi
TANFORAN PARK- Thursday, March
14, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast. " .
211O. FIRST RACE— Six. furlongs; selling;'
fcur-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. 4.' Str. Fin.
20f,2 Tizona. 4. 103...\Veddstd 2 12 114 114
2018 Brenhilda. 5, 110.. .Henry 5 8 '5121
2CS6 Foul Play, 4, 93. ..Walsh 6 5 1 6 1 3 h
19C9 Prejudice, 4, 10a.. Bergen 1 4 h 7 2 4 3
2100 Limelight. 6. 102... Miller 7 7 4 2 h 5 4
19S2 811. Garter, 4, 110.. Daly 3 3 h 4 4 64
....Jennie. 6, 10S Thorpe 8 2h 3h 7 1
S17 Yaruba, 5. H0..O'Conrror 4 6 h 8 8
Time-U. :244; H, :48%; ' %. 1:144: Good start.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner, I'artlngton Bros.' b. g. by Puryear D-
Ptralght Tip. Tizona had too mucii speed for
r.is Held. Jennie got away poorly, showed a
lot of speed and then blew up. Brenhllda and
Foul Play closed strong. Prejudice had no
chance, with the rider.
Betting— Tizona. 8; Brenhllda, 4: Foul Play.
S: Prejudice, l; Limelight, 8; Silver Garter,
«£; Jennie, 30; Yaruba, 40. •
2111.: SECOND RACE— Five and a half fur-
Kngrs; selling; three-year-old nilieg; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
2C62 Sinn. Ill Murphy 3 1 Vi 1 h 1 ns
(l^l)Prin. Titania, 107..Wedd 5 4 4 5 1 2h
202S Alzura, 114 Turner 6 3 h 3 1 3 ns
207S Nellie Forest. 109. Henry 4 6 4 2 4 4
2uS4 Moonbright. I13..0 - Connr 15 1 6 5 4
C014)T'lphone Girl, 107. Burns 2-2524 6
2C91 Artena, 107 Thorpe Left
Time— 1-16. :06»i; 3-16. :17%; 7-16, :41%; 54f,
l:07»i. Bad start. Won first three driving.
Winner. E. I* Liger's b. f. by imp.- Loyallst-
Irrepentance. Slnfl hung on longer than usual.
Alzura away badly or she would', have won.
Moonbright cut off and nearly thrown over the
fence, spoiling- all her chances. Titania closed
very strong. Scratched— Luca 107.
Betting— Slnfl, 7; Princess Titania, 5; Alzura,
7-2; Xellle Forest, 5; Moonbright, 11-5; Tele
phone Girl. 10; Artena, 15.
2112. THIRD RACE— One mile; four-year
olds and up; purse, $400. : ' ¦ '
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Str, Fin.
2101 Tuthill. 4, 110 Burns 1 14 13 13
1849 Star Ch'mbr. 4, HO.OICn 3 2 3 2 4 2 5
2074 Gonfalon, 4, 110... Henry 2 3 3 3
Time— U. :254: 4. :4»4: %. 1:15%: mile.
1:35%. Good etart. Won ridden out. Second
driving. Winner. John McCaflferty's br. h. by
Fordham-Old Miss. Tuthill the best horse.
Star Chamber was probably not up to a bruis
ing race. Scratched— Pupil 110.
Betting— Tuthill," 7-5; Star Chamber, 8-5; Gon
falon, 3. ,
2113. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; high
weight handicap; three-year-olds "and up;
purse, $605.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %• Etr. Fin. •
(2067)Theory, 5. US Henry 4 5 1 2H 1%
J07« Dang. Maid, 4, 112. 0' Con 1 1 4 1 h 2 %
(COlS)Sly, a. 123 Turner 2 6h 6h 3 Mi
2C29 Our Lizzie. 6. lOS.Thorpe 8 7 4 6 1 4 h
1923 MacGyle. 4, 106.. ..Bums 7 8 3 4 6 1
(tO7S)MaB. Davis, 6, 111. Woods 6 S h 7 1 . «.tf
203S Sad Sam. 3, llO.Weddstd 3'24 4h 71"
1?66 Oenua, 5. 99 Murphy 5 4 1 8 • 8 '..
Time— ».;. :24; 4. :47%; &. 1:13U- Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, S. C- Hll
dreth's b. m. by imp. Esher-Morning Glory.
Sly in a pocket most of the way or she might
have won; she closed very strong-. Dangerous
Maid ran a swell race. Theory is a grand
weight packer. Sad Sam found the . pace too
hot.
Betting— Theory. 5-2; Dangerous Maid. S; Sly,
5; Our L.lzzie, 12: MacGyle. 5; Maggie Davis,
10; .Sad Sam, 8; Genua, 20.
2114. FIFTH RACE— Six arid a half fur
lt'KKs; ir.atden three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, ilorne. Wt. Jockey. St. .4. Str. Fin.
2062 Immodell. 107 See 6 4 1 2 4 12 •
1W>4 Aphrodis. 107... O'Connor 4 2 1 1 h 2 h
2031 iXcefa. 107 v ".'.;... Thorpe- 1 3 h 3 4 3 4
2031 The Oaffir, 109. ...Henry 8 8^51 43
202$ Mrs. Brunei!. 107..Wedd 3 14 6 1 5 1
2031 Robert J. 10T Meade 5 5 1 4 h 6 4
:... Master Cal, 109...Ben?enlO 10 7 4.-78
1740 Oblden. 104... -..Burns 7 6 h 8 2 8 2
2031 Tilt, 104 Miller 9 7h 9 2 9 3
2031 Rood Agent, 107.. Walsh 9 2 10 10
Time— 3-lfi, :194: 7-16. -.43%; 9-16, :56U: 64f.
1:23. Good start. W,on easily. Second and
third drlvtnR. Winner. O. P. Romigh's oh. c.
by imp. Inverness-Model. Immodell won quite
easily. I,ucera and. Aphrodis ran their races.
The Gafflr sot away poorly and showed no
»reod- . Scratched— Wardman 112. Alpha I^ee 102.
BettlnK — Immodell. 20; Aphrodis, 6; Lucera,
4; The Qafflr. 11-5; Mrs. Brunell, 30; Robert J,
15; Master Cal. 60.; Golden. 4; Tilt, 8; Road
Agent, 15.
2115. SIXTH RACE— Mile and a half; handi
cap for qualified Jumpers; on the flat; purse,
1480.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. SL V,. Str. Fin.
20S8 T. Sharkey, 4, HO.Murph 2 3 1 1 h 1 h
2018 May Boy, 6. 115..YounR 4 2 h 2 1 2 1
2C63 J O C. a, 115 Bennett 3 5 4 4 3 Vi
(2063)Olinthus. 5, 126.0'Connor 1 4 10 3 2 4 6
2C16 Koenlg, 5, 112. Miller 6 11 5 5
2C07 Rapido, a, 107 Thorpe 5 Pulled up ...
. BetUnR — Tom Sharkey, 20; May Boy. 40: J
O C. 9-5; Olinthus,- 9-5; Kocnlg, 11-5; Rapido,
coupled with J O C.
Time— H, :26: 4. :5<Wi: %, 1:174; mile, 1:444:
Wm, 2:11%; l%m, 2:3S4- Good start. Won
first three driving-. Winner, E. L». User's br.
g. by Imp. Calvados-Roselle. Rharkey got the
best ride. Boys reversed May Boy would have
¦won. With a decent ride- J O C could have
v/on. Too much' weight for Oltnthus.
OAKLAIfD RACETBACK-Thureday.
March 14, 1301.— Weather fine. Track
pood.
211«*. FIRST RACE-Four furlongs; two
year-old?; purse. J400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. K. Str. Fin.
miZllt 110 Dominick 2 13 11 13
ion Jerretiere <l"Or, m.Hulz 4 3 4 3 5 2 1
<2071)Killdc*. 115 M ounce 1 2 3 2 2 3 20
J7.".7 You You. 114 Cmmtin*' 4 4 4
2*68 Gartha, 110 ... Matthews •
Time— H. :24; '». MS. Good Ftart. Won eas
ily. Second and third driving. Winner, Felix
<*arr's T.Ik. i. -by imp. Saln-America. Zirl was
best. .Killdoe ran below -form. 'Fell.
IJeitlnsr-Zirl. 8-B: Jarretiere d'Or. 7; Klldoe,
4-5; You Ycu, 100; G»riha, 100.
2117. SECOND rtACK-Futurity course; sell-
Imr: three-year-olds and Ui>; purse, $300.
Index. Uorse. Wt; Jov-kcy. 5=t. H- Str. Fin.
<r>i4MM. Strau??. 4, 116 l>omk 5 1 h 12 1'2
203S Alleviate, 6, 118..Hr.» ->li « 6 1 2 4 24
S 1 *:. Midlovr. 5. 113..Faui;:'.ry 2 4 2 3 1 3h
2"«1 Miss Rowoaa. (. m.lluix 3 3h'41 4h
(?««iSuMimf. 3. 1"2 I>a:y 7 S 6 1 .5 3
?W Fcalawnp. 3, l f >4..Moi:nc«- 1 2h 6 U 6 4
lf'72 Hat hear. 3, 96 \\>lr S 5 2 7 13 7 20
2^14 Yodel. 3. 87 Stuart 9 8 2 S 50 S 100
2'tSS Fre«- Pass, 4. 112.Armst(? 4 7 4 9 9
Time— To U. :21%i; to \*. :*:-\: last S.l:01^i;
Fhort \. \.l\\. Oood Ftart. Won easily.'Sec
and third driving:. Winner. \V. E. Cotton's
br. p. by IroqnufjuCypry. Strauss a fast one.
Alleviate handled her wc-ipht well. Miss Row
ma backed up in the run home. ¦ Scalawac
r«n badly. Scratched— First Call IIS. Pkip Me
*7, MorinRa U", Fidel Youlin K'4, Downhearu-i
?2
nottins-Mike Strauss. 4; Alleviate, 7-2: Mid
love. (: Miss Howena. 9-2: Sublime. 12; Scala
'«a(r. 7-2; Hathpar. 2""; Yodel. 100; Free 1'ass.
21 IK. THIRD KACK-Six furlongs; selling;
four-y<-ar-o!ds and up: rurse, J100.
Index. Horw. Jockey. St. V,. Str. Fin.
OrfllTh* I.icht, 5. l'>6.Mounce 2 2 h 14 12
OSOnnuokoy. 4. ini.. Dominick 3 11 2 2 2 I
\na T. Irishman. 4. mT.Wrir 4 4 2 3 1 3 2
2*2 Mocorito. «. ]n2..Mathwc (i «4 6 5 4 1
3«T7 Gauntlet. 5. lCC.Fauntlry S 7 »i 4 1 5 Vi
2»« <1arando, n. 106... Kelly 1 5 3 6h'61
2«44 Mittm, 4, 99.... "....'. Daly 7 8 8 7 5
15)37 F. Tarsus, 4, lCl.Stuart 5 3 h 7 4 8
Time—'.. :U: '», :4S%i: \. l:H^. Good Ptart.
Tlon easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, HuphM & Klliott's oh. m. by Cncle Jess-
Harbary Maid. Winner much the best. Duckoy
vf-U ridden. Mocorito is Ftale. Saul of Tarsus
had plenty of Fpeed and will do soon. Scratch
ed—Gold Baron H>4. *
Bettlr.c— The Lleht. -1-2: Duckoy. 4; Tame
Irishman, 12: Mocorito, J3; Gauntlet, 20; Clar
ando, Z>; Mitten, DO; Saul of Tarsus, 40.
2119. FOrRTH RACE- Three furlongs: eell
ln#r; two-year-olds< purse. $350.
Index. Horcp. Wt, Jockey. 6t. 4. Str. Fin.
<2n*OOlcr.drnn'.r.fr. 10?..D<-mnk 3 ... 11 12
»M.T(;>OonFtable, lC3..napsinfrer 4 ... ' Ih 2 n
2*:,* Jlaraochino. l^..Mathw« 1 ... 4 2 3 1
HM Victoria S. 115.. .Mounce 2 ... S h 4 10
ffilO R. Bonner II, lOT.Fallhy 5 ... 5 4 5 1
Z<&* Wardrr. 103 Shoohan 6 ... 6 2 6 13
.... Jutof, 114 ras!=in 7 ... 7 '7 1
Yellowstone. 106.Fantlry S ... 8 8
Time — 'i. :12^: %. :3St "Good Ftart. Won
easily. Second and third driving. ' Winner, At
kin & Txittrldge's ch. g. by St. Carlo-Olen
ltvpt. Winner a clever perfonner. Constable
ptond a lonsr, hard drire. Victoria S quit.
Scratched— Estado 10«. ;
BettinB— Glend«-nrin»r. 1-2; Confita.ble. 12;
Maraechino. S; Victoria 8, 7-2: Robert I?onner
1 1, 100; Warder, £00; Juros, £W; Yellowstone,
20J. . -...
21 SO. FIFTH RACE— One and a. sixtc&nth
ir.il*>! 1 ; Ounst handicap; three-year-olds and ,-up;
purse, 11500.
In4fx. Horn*. Wt, Jock«T. St. ».J. Str. Fin.
2>*fi My Gyr*J\ 4, *."... Ransch 1 3 h 2 1 1 n '
2013 yellowtall, 4. i:0-Malhwa 5 12 12 2 3
2074 Formero, 5, Uu..Mounre 3 4,3 3 1 34
2*41 Flortzar. 4. J0S...H"well 6 6 44 45
•Wl H. Ormondp. 3. SS.Domk. 2 5 2 5 1 r, 3
14C3 Goldoiw, 4, S2.Faunt!croy 4 2 H « ' 6
TIm«— I-l«. tOSH: li. :25; H.- :45H: V. l:tS\jt
Tn. L;Oi, 1 l-16m, 1:4S^». C<vxl start. Won
f.r«t throe rtrlvirjr. TVinnrr. Burns & Water
ho-js<> # s b. m. by Fcre?t<>r-My Gyp. Ye'.low
tall Fhnu'.d*have won. Wof ridden In bad go-
Injr through strptoh. Formero did well. n»iu
Ormonde in wnrst footing. Scratched — Slac-
Gv\*> SS>. Telam^n 100. V a r da S3, Herculean 103,
Fra Lion lf>5. Advance Ouard 121.
BfttinK— My Gypsy. 4; Y«llowtail. 2; For
m»»ro. oourl<"1 with Tfllowtail; Florizar, 3;
I3eau Ormonde. ll-£; Goldone, &. '
2121. EIXTH nACE-Pevra furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and ur; purse, $400.
Jn<5ex. Hnrw. \Vt. Jooker- St. »£. Str. Fin.
«2O4S>>Pt. WckxI. r,. lf«..Domnk 4 1 h 1 »4 1 2
2r*l Cromwell, a. 103. Mat hws 15 5 4 2 2 H
r«7 Vohlcer, 4. P4 Weir .V 3 3 2 2 3 5
K'l Mcrops S. iru..nasMnfrrr 2 2 h 2 1 4 4
VT2 a. fia<-h«>m. «, lfi3.F«ntly 3 4 n f, 4 5 4
2073 Gibraltar. "6. ]f>3.Mounce 6 6 6 6
Time— M. :13: ::4; Vt. :45; ~i: 1:29. Good
etart. Won Sr-cond and third driving.
Winner, Frr-J Cook'e ch. h. by imp. St. Blaise-
WoodSowrr. Ft. Wood is pood right now.
Crom»*ll fin'.she'i wfM. Vohlcr quit: Merops
ln ba4 rolnK. Gibraltar sulked.
BettlriK— Pt. Wood. 8-S; Cromwoll, 20; Vohl
err. 2; Merer?, 12; flran«l Fachem, 12; Gibral-
Ur, 13-5.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
BY F. R MTJLHOLLAND.
MORE than 2000 people -saw di
minutive My Gypsy, carrying J.
Ransch and eighty-five pounds
on her back, defeat the giant
Yellowtall for the Gunst handi
cap at Oakland track yesterday. It could
not be said the winner was best of the six
contestants for the prise, as. B. -Matthews'
injudicious handling of . Yellow Tail cost
that horse the race. After wiring the
management of OakHmd track for stalls,
the owners of Advance Guard and Tela
mon declared them out of the race, Tr.ey
were not missed and reither will owners
who resort to petty underhanded prac
tices ever be mis-sec! from the sport in this
State.
Betting on : the stake was keen and
sharp, both big and. small wagers pouring
into the bookmakers' tin "take boxes."
Tellowtail and Formero, each allotted 110
pounds and coupled as t the Hackett stable
entry, closed a slight favorite over Beau
Ormonde, the Litter -with Dominick up. In
wnrming up Yellowtall tried to run away
with his rider, and this exhibition earned
for him additional friends. The eighty-five
pounfler, My Gypsy, had fives quoted
about her, and Florizar tickets at 4 to 1
were peddled out profusely. Goldone
had the outside call; Called to the post,
Jake I-foItxnan pent tho horses away per
fectly aligned/ after- only a slight delay,
caused. by the unruly actions of Yellow
tail. Unfortunately Beau Ormonde drew
the inside position, and trudged along in
the deep going for a quarter of a. mile,
when he fell back. Matthews, taking the
lead with Yellowtail, .had the big chest
nut under restraint to the stretch. Head
ed for the wire. Matthews, instead of
picking the best footing, clung to the rail,
where It was cuppy and slow. Opposite
the paddock this handicap began to tell,
and Matthews drew his whip. It was no
help, for Ransch, on My Gypsy, ran him
down, and In a fierce drive, ¦won by a
neck. Florizar closed well, Just losing the
show to Formero. . . ¦
Favorites decamped with three events.
Dominick again rode in superb form, pi
loting four winners.
After the indifferent showing made b/
Killdoe, favorite for the opening four fur
long scramble, the Foulshot youngster's
victory pver Dr. Scharff some days ago
must be put down as a fluke. Zlrl. with
a whirlwind gwet of epeed, led from the
jump, winning easily by three lengths.
Ruiz brought Jarretiet re d'Or up in time
to collar arid beat Killdoe for the place.
The winner, second choice in the betting,
was ridden by Dominick.
Mike Strauss demonsirateJ the fact that
he is a sprinter with tome pretensions to
class by beating- Miss Rowcna and a
bun^h of fast ones in the Futurity course
sprint following. Before a furlong had
been reoled off Dominick had Mike in
front and, gradually drawing away, scored
easily at the close by a couple of lengths.
Alleviate outgamed Midlove. taking the
place. There was . no uronouneed choice
in the betting, 4 to 1 being obtainable
against lany of the starters at one stage
or another of the speculating.
After this came the very handy win of
The- Ligh.t. with Monnce in the saddle.
The books at first laid 4 to 5 against tie
chances of the fast marc winning the- six
furlong Fprint, which was quickly cut to
1 to 2. With his customary alertness at
the j>ost Dominick had Duckoy away" ln
front and, though- -tr-.p gelding made an
excellent showing, was outpointed .and
outclassed, falling short two lengths at
the wire. Tame Irishman ran into the
show. \ • ¦ -_
Atkin & Lottridge'B useful two-year-clo
Glendenning made it. four , straight bv
capturing the second kindergarten number
with Dominick up. One to two was the
closing quotation and tl?e son of St. Carlo
finished an, easy first.. Constable stood
a h.ird driv#. leading out Maraschino for
the place. Victoria S had a world of speed,
but stopped to nothlh!?r
Bookmaker Fred Cook's erratic sprinter
St. "Wood i* becoming quite consistent of
late. Closing an 8 to 5 choice for the final
event, he won all the way, downing Crom
well, a 20 to 1 shot, two lengths. Gibraltar
sulked from, start to finish.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
BY LOUIS HONIO.
ONE .dollar parleyed on the six win
ners at .Tanforan yesterday at pre
vailing odds would have fabulous
ly outgrown itself in labyrinthine,
multiplicity. Something like $750.
000 would have been Its accretionary value
if the winnings of each race -could have
been placed and allowed to accumulate.
Such was the deluge that fell upon th?j
favorites, sending them to everlasting
reckoning without the showing of a first
money, except in the single Instance of
the fourth race, which Theory annexed
at odds of 5 .to 2. On the faces of the
bookmakers was engraved the quiet,
thankful spirit that Is born of gratitude.
The public said harsh things, but that is
nothing new and hardly a ripple was
stirred in the ring atmosphere.
Tizona at 8 <o 1 introduced this .long
shot festival. Then came Sinn at 7* to 1,
after which was Tuthill, 8 to 5; Theory,
» to 2; Immodell 30 to 1. and last of nil
Tom Sharkey at 30 to 1. Just a single dol
lar to start with, six shafts of luck shot
Into you.In succession, more acceptances
by the bookies than they would or could
give and something like three-fourths of
a million dollars would be waiting, for a
place In your private safe. The figures
Beem declaratory of falsehood, on their
face, but add it up and lind out for your
p*lf. Seven hundred and fifty, thousand
dollars for one. -What a. pleasant dream!
"Fifteen minutes for a new book" was
.shouteiin the ring before.the third race
yesterday. Originally Tuthill was posted
with the name of Thorpe on top. That
was an error, as Thorpe had not been en
gaged, but Burns, who afterward rode
the horse to victory. When tho change
was announced Johnny Coleman» who
"cut in" yesterday, made a short cut him
self to the judges' ptand, heavy with a
request to call all-bets off. The Judges
listened aiid decreed. Tuthill with Thorpe
un,sold at 2 to 1; with Burns at 6 to 5.
The race was, triangular, over the-milo
. route --and was without Interest. Soon
after the start Burns went out in the lead,
O'Connor taking second place wlrti' Star
Chamber and Henry oh Gonfalon snuffling
the wake. So the race 'began and so it
endod-. Tuthill covered the distance in
1:33%, fast time for Tanforan.
. In the first race Tizona covered the six
Jurlongs ahead of the pack. At the finish
and Foul Play shot out from a
bad mix-up and secured place and show.
'•After.a bad start SInll with Murphy on
lop woii' by a bare ' neck from Princess
Titartla. To many on the other side'of
the. wire it looked as If the Princess had
reached home for the first dab rj. the
money.- . ...
Theory beat a field of eight ln tho fourth
Tace. • Henry waited iri a position that was
-*afe for a sprint when the time came, and
the* time came in the stretch. Theory
proved himself a gperd one, but Dangerous
Maid piloted by O'Connor drove Henry to
the bat- sometime.' before the stand waa
reached. . Maid took place, money and Sly
fought the game for show.
Immodell was the great surprise of the
fifth race. O'Connor on Aphrodis-seemed
to have a good hold on the race until Im
modell spurted and won out. Luccra got
tho show. . .
The last race for qualified jumpers en
the. flat was, won by the belated Tom
Sharkey. whose arrival ' was so many
times, delayed. • Olinthus, the favorite,
showed no speed at all. May Boy, 40 to
1, and Sharkey fought it out in tho
stretch for first' honors, when the sailor
put the whin! of summer " into second
money.
Track Note.
St. Wood was bid ud $500 over his er
.tered selling price of $300. The. stable re
tained" the horse. ¦ ¦
Shower of Longshots Falls oti Tanforan Track;
Favorites Prove a Sickly Ltot.
Techow's Gats Coming to the, Orpheum, and Among
Them Are Comedians, Clowns and Gymnasts.
THESPIAN TABBIES OR HIGH
DEGREE TO APPEAR SUNDAY
Special - Dispatch to The Call.
¦'. TACOMA, March 14.— Dawson advices to
March 9, via Skaguay, state that John G.
Schwlndt' of San Francisco is believed to
have been murdered there early in March.
Schwindt went to the Klondike" from
California, a year ago and had lately been
-employed as a teamster. The body was
found near one of the creeks at Dawson
on Thursday of last week. There were
marks of violence on the head" and other
indications that he had .been dealt with
foully.
- A' dispatch from Dawson io the Skaguay
Alaskan, eays the Northwest Mounted
Police were of the opinion that Schwlndt
•was murdered. The bes£ detectives at
Dawson -were assigned to work on the
ct.se and ferret out the mystery. Schwlndt
possessed some money, but is not thought
to have^had enough to have made rob
bery a'prime motive, for killing him.
A private letter received at Dawson con
veys the news that Premier Wilfred Laur
ier and Minister Sifton will visit the Yu
kon district during the coming summer. ¦
The first spring: thaw occurred at Daw
son March 7, when a warm Chlneok "began
to blow and the snow melted very fast.
Teams were blockaded and the hauling of
supplies to the creeks was seriously In
terfered with. . • • '•-
MURDER DONE
IN ARCTIC SNOW
Mutilated Body of San Fran
ciscan Pound Near a
: , ;.-.^.. Dawson Creek. ' .
Detectives In the Yukon Country
Searching for Persons Who Are " :
Supposed to Have. Com
mitted Crime.
MY GYPSY TAKES THE GUNST
HANDICAP FROM YELLOWTAIL
THE SAN FJRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1901.
AMONG THIS PRETTY GROUP OF POSING TAJJBIES ARE COMEDIANS, CLOWNS, ACROBATS, PUGILISTS AND
TIGHT ROPE WALKERS. THEY ARE KNOWN AS TECHOWS CATS AND WILL. MAKE THEIR FIRST AP
PEARANCE AT THE ORPHEUM NEXT SUNDAY. .' : \ .
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C% 4* IS J &K P ac^ e^ away in your insidcs and most be kept dean,
O vA I /^^A^M^-2 &* order and doing business.
y§,f&^^^^^^^^^k%L s a on 8f way, with many turns and pitfalls to catch
ill tBIllllllllilcjll *^ c rc^ use an d clop; the channel if not most carefully
§tt*!$y cleaned out every day*
V^^ Sell pg^gjjg^ When this long canal is blockaded, look out for
/^^^^^^^j^^^^^^Tx trouble — furred tongue, bad breath, belching of gases,
y^w^^^^0^^^^&WL Y c^ ov/ spots, pimples and boils, headaches, spitting up of
O \"tjH^' A '"''^^^^n^c^^^^^S. ' iood after eatine — an all-around disgusting nuisance*
' Viokni c * tome J W 5 or griping salts are datr
(Jj h-^^- w^mnu^TS!\M^^^^ 1\ 1 " gerous io use for cleaning out the hotels.
V . l '»'f^^ h^^'''"' i< ' : ' ! ''^nO^^ They force out the obstruction by causing
(tSy^T^C, y '^^^^^'^^¦^^-'^ • ' the intestines 'teeak and even less able to keep
P&BOSSS»S^^fe^ °P regular movements than before, and make a
]^P'M^^SSS^^^^^|2 larger dose necessary next time,
/H^M^ Then you have the pill habit, which 'kills more people
M®$&p^' than the morphine and whiskey habits combined. .
v^a^ lll&^llr^ 'The only safe, gentle but certain bowel cleansers are
O ' /^^Pl3 sweet, fragrant CASCARETS, because they don't force
out the foecal matter with violence, but act as a tonic on
!4 :rlll!£^ *k c whole 30 feet of bowel wall, strengthen the muscles
- . and restore healthy, natural action. Buy and try them!
J^«£I5^^^ToB^tS&ci^SItE.ttMJ5- (Look out for imitations and substitutes or you can't get
to tha stomach ; 2. Cardiac end of stomach: 3. Pylorle end of «. f , «« • i n_ -w ? r ±<-
Jtom*chL4. Duodenum; 6. Oall bladder; i, 6. i. ¦mall into*. rCSUltS. d^CSLXCtSOXC XXCVCt SOld inDUlK. LOOKtOrthc
. tlnesi 7. Caecum; 8. Vermiform appendix; ». Ascending colon: . * 1 ,i 1 L 't J U ft* x<_ t \ ir .ft
io. Transrene colon; u. Desccnainsr coiom is. sifrmow nax- trade-mark* the lonsf-taileo C on the box.) You will
ure; 15. Kactiim; 11. Anus. Thu duodenum 1* continuous with r , t t 7 ,» 4 « f ' « ttt t .--« . ;
ISyffigya^^Sio^ &'%££«?S*'38%W221 fmd ***** m *° cntirdy natural way your bowels will be
[ p^ul^S^h t& Mt^t^oSL^" bowel " Jau ' tuke ln • promptly and permanently
; '^^^|^ Made CLEAN and STRONG by •
I xSa^flk llfi^^K JuaSSl MHDr nu^n Va Ipn luSA m^Jw WrSPn * Si CJ^k
all druggists. ..T^Jp* li 11h.MiI 1 W » "^ SOLD IN BULK.
: Allfir* ?" : -bowet tronbles. appendicitis, bll- fill R S> fl blTTr R TO CtTRXi FIt* rear* »xo
'•s I'IIk k lousneM i bad breath, had blood, wind I'll B KJ II |U fl tb " flrm * box of Cascak-
Illinr on th0 stomach, bloated bowels foal BfllJLIil&SlW I Prll ET! * w »« • olu ' >ow u u
VVlllai month, headache, lndicoftlon,pimplr>, Uwrlllflll 8 LaLiU °* cr tlx "««Hon bore. m.
larlj yon aro getting sick. . Constipation kills more win *«u <msoa«et» *baoiateiy cnaranteed to eare *r
people thau all other diseases : together. It Is a money refunded. Go bay today, twofiOcboxrt, give them m
starter for th© chronic ailments and long: years of fair, honest trial, as p«r simple directions, and If yon «r«
suffering that come afterwards. ¦' No matter what 5°t •»*i»««d,aaer»i.in«oneSO«boxjretar«tiie«nn«ed»o«
alls yon, .tart lakl n S CASCAHETS to-day, for yon %^£&SSS£tu?LSl 2Tt??£ ZLltl 2^£«i«* t?ff
will never get well and be well all -the time until S.™" wte?a?s
..-. 7onr t>ow«ls right. Take our nd vice; start dnyf Bl^MX^M^nS^l7^^iXS^SSVS
wlUt CASCARETS to-day, under an absolute guar- loaflr.t.tart^dtKtn.forCA'.CAKJ TS. JBook rr*"bymaXt
anteo Co cure or money refunded. M I Address: STEUU.NU BEBEDi to., SEW YOBH or IIUUIUO.Katherine F. Conway, secretary of the
Police Relief and .Pension Fund, has 01
rected the attention of the Board of.Su
pervisors to the serious deficiency In tha
fund. As recently, published in The Call
the deficit will reach $8000 at the end of
the i fiscal year, r The board - is urged to
take legal steps to wipe out the accrued
deficit. •
Police - Pension Fund T>encit.
NOTE— In the above exposition , of the tides
the early morning tides - are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of . the
day in the order of occurrence as to time ol
day; the third time column gives. the last tide
of the day. except . when there are but three
tides.' as sometimes ' occurs. The heights "given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast ; Survey charts, except " when ' a
minus (— ) eirn precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of ' reference
la the mean of the lower low waters.
The North Central Improvement Aaso
c.ation has requested the Board of Super
visors to allow its representatives to b^
heard before the water rate ordinance is
finally passed. The communication says
there are many irregularities in. the ordi
nance which should be corrected before
ttnal passage, in order that better fire pro
tection may be afforded in downtown dis
tricts. ' yn --r
Water Bate Ordinance Defective.
Sun rises ..8:21
Sun. seta | 6:17
Moon rises 2:40 a. m.
¦William M. Smith of Sacramento was
unsuccessful in his effort to make the
Capital Gas Company of that city pay him
damages for refusal to furnish him with
illumination. The Supreme Court has af
firmed the Judgment of the lower court In
favor of the corporation.
Smith brought suit to recover damages
amounting to (1300, alleged to be due him
under the provisions of section 629 of ths
Civil Code, for the gas company's refus-:l
to furnish him gas. Smith served a writ
ten notice upon the company notifying It
that they must immediately furnish him
with gas. The company in reply notifletl
Smith that it would supply him with gas
if he would furnish a meter or agree to
pay it 50 cents per month rental for the
meter. This Smith refused to . do, and
then brougrht suit.
In Its decision th« Supreme Court heM
that a gas company had a right to charge
rental for the wear and tear and aire of
its property. - _ •
OONSXTMER LOSES SUIT
AGAINST GAS COMPANY
Supreme Court Decides That Rent
May Be Received for
i'*C LCI O*
Sun, -Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* • at Fort Point, entrance- to 8an
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the. Superintendent. .
NOTE— The high and low waters • occur at
the city front - (Mission-street wharf) about
tw«nty-flve minutes later than at Fort "Point;
the height of tide In the«same at both places.
FRIDAY, MARCH" 15.
TO SAIL.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted on the
ground of desertion yesterday to Magda
lene Fisher from George H. Fisher, Rosa
mond L. Currier from Leon G. Currier ami
Martha Busby from William Busby.
Suits for divorce on the ground of deser
tion were tiled by Ella Sullivan against
Harry Sullivan, May Bray against "Wil
liam H. Bray, and William Miller against
Marguerite Miller.
Hay Not Erect Frame Building.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee yester
day denied the petition of O. D. Baldwin
for permission to construct a four-story
frame building on the northeast corner of
Powell and Clay streets, as the board has
no power to permit frame structures to be
erected within the fire limits.
There will be two celebrations of the
Jubilee. The celebration which takes
place next Monday and Tuesday will be
followed by a threo days" jubilee in the
first week of June. A3 the fiftieth anni
versary of the founding of Santa Clara
College occurs in the Lenten season, the
event of next week will be in the nature
of a home celebration. The celebration in
June will be far wider In scope. On Mon
day next high mass will be celebrated by
the Superior of the Jesuits, and Bishop
Montgomery of Los Angeles will preach.
Archbishop Riordan of this city will offi
ciate on Tuesday. In addition to the
religious ceremonies there will be several
orations and field day athletics by tho
college alumni.
It is the intention of the college to pur
chase. If possible, a tract of land adjoin
ing the present buildings and erect a
larger edifice. If the '.ana is secured, the
foundation stone of the new Santa Clara
College will be laid during the June celt
bration. The first day of that celebration
will be marked by the commencement ex
ercises. In addition, a new sacred drama
by Clay M. Greene, the New York play
wright, who is" an old student and class
mate of Rev. Father Kenna, will be pro
duced. Greene says that the drama was
written by him out of love for his alm;t
mater, and he Is in hope, of being able to
be present and assist in staging it. On the
second day there will be a pontifical high
mass celebrated by Bishop Grace of Sac
ramento, at which Archbishop Riordan
will assist and also breach. The thlr-J
day will be surrendered to the alumni.
There will be athletic exercises a banquet
and appropriate literary exercises.
The foundation of the present greai
educational institution was laid March
IS, 1S51. by Rev. Father Nobili, S.
J."," who was one of the greatest teachers
known on the Pacific S.'jpe. Rev. Father
Kenna, S. J., who Js now president of
the college, is a scholarly man and pos
sessed of great executive ability.
The arrangements for the celebration of
the golden jubilee of Santa Clara College
have been completed. It is now certain
that the celebration will be attended ov
many people from all parts of the State.
The alumni have taken an active interest
in the preparations and nothing has been
left undone that mlshi contribute toward
properly commemorating the fiftieth an
niversary of the founding of the college.
Arrangements Completed for
Santa Clara College
Anniversary.
WILL CELEBRATE
GOLDEN JUBILEE
Some of the surplus will be devoted to
repairing the plumbing in several school
houses, which are sadly In need of sani
tary improvement. Auditor Wells holds
that the money may be legally used for
such repairs, and tho work of repairing
will be vigorously prosecuted during the
coming vacation week.
It vi as stated that the surplus will be
Increased over the figure named by sev
eral thousand dollars at the end of the
fiscal year. If the Increase permits an
other six-room schoolhouse will be built
probably In the district south of the park.
President Kincald says that the expendi
ture would be warranted because hun
dreds of dollars are expended yearly in
the districts named for the rental of out
side rooms, and this would be saved.
Auditor Wells informed the. board that
he would not oppose the use of the money
for that purpose, as he was of the opinion,
that the only way to build schoolhouses
was for the board itself to take the mat
ter in hand. The board then decided to
go ahead with its Intention to build the
proposed schoolhouse.
School Directors Kincald, Mark, Cas
serly and Denman visited Auditor Wells
yesterday for the purpose of ascertaining
if there is any legal obstacle to using at
least a portion of this surplus to build
the new schoolhouse. President Klncaid
stated that the Board of Kducation was
anxious to carry out the plan, as it was
felt that the Supreme Court decision on
the bond question would be long delayed.
Mrs. Kincald said that It had been
learned that a good schoolhouse of six or
eight rooms could be built for about $6000.
The Board of Education has been con
sidering, the advisability of building a
new schoolhouse out of its surplus fund
and has decided that as soon as Its plans
are matured the Richmond district will
be provided with an eight-room school to
accommodate the growing population. At
present the surplus to the credit of the
School Department fund amounts to $12,
356 27. Of this amount $G000 was carried
over from the last fiscal year.
Board of Education Decide3
to Use Surplus Fund for
This Purpose.
SCHOOLHOUSE
WILL BE BUILT
for San Francisco.
BARRY— In port Feb 16— Ft bark MacMahon.
for San Francisco.
HULL— In port Feb 25— Br ship Sir Robert
COROX EL— Arrived March 13— Stmr Califor
nian, from Hilo, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 14— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York.
Sailed March 14— Stmr New Enjrland, for
Queenstown and Boston.
ROTTERDAM— Sair»d March 14— Stmr Maaa
da«n, for Boulogne and New York.
KIAOCHAU— Arrived March 13— Stmr Calth-
TO ARRIVE,
NAPLES — Arrived March 1« — Stmr Trave,
from New York; etmr Chins Wo, from Port
land. Or. via Et Vincent. C V.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March J4— Stmr Taco
ma, from Horurkon*. for Tacoma.
QCEESSTOWX — Sailed March 14 — Stmr
Oceanic, from Liverpool, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed March U— Stmr La
Champagne, for Havre.
Arrived March 14— Stmr Kensington, from
Antwerj*.
PORTLAND. Me— Sailed March 14— Stmr Nu
mldlan, for Liverpool; stmr Belgian, for Ant
werp.
Steamer Movements.
p«-^«iHE echooner Llllebonn* has been
I chartered to take a load of lum-
J b«r to Tonga. Thla 1» probably
Jl one of the first vessels that ha3
ever cleared from thla coast for
that far-away Isle In the Southern seas.
The LJi:ebonr.e arrived her* from San
Marcos Island a week ago with a cargo
cf gypsum. She was chartered prior to
arrival by Williams, Dlicond & Co. to load
lumber at Grays Harbcr for Toaga.
The island of Tonga is ruled by a na
tive King under a British protectorate.
Hitherto ail the merchandise require.'
there has g-one from Auckland, K. Z.. or
Sydney. N. S. W. Kauri lumber that goes
from Auckland is very expensive and does
rot Etar.d the climate as well as Oregon
pir.e. The Klnp of Toapa has recently
taken unto himself a wife and an addition
al wing is to be added to the palace. His
Majesty has heard the praises of Pacific;
Coast lumber sung many a time and the
Lillebor.ne's cargo Is for the King. For a
return load the schooner will bring back
copra and pearl shell.
Captain Hansen and his schooner are
likely to remain some time In Tongan
waters, a* at the present time there are
only :he working days In the island. Sev
eral generations ago the missionaries
rrade a mistake In the days of the week
«wl Saturday was considered "'the day
of rest." Latterly the Government, backed
by the British resident agent, has changed
the Sunday to the first day of the week
against the wish of the natives. In con
feiuer.ee the natives pray on Saturday
cr.d work on Sundav. while the Govern
ment offices, including the Custom-house,
ere open on Saturday and closed on Sun
day.
SAILOBS ABE STILL SCARCE.
Ships cf the Grain Fleet Cannot Se-
cure Men.
Deep water sailors are hard to get and
the big ship Dltton has been tied up for a
week for want of men. The DuchaJburn
came down from Port Costa yesterday,
but there Is no telling when she will get
away.
After being tied up for nearly a fort
night the A.uldglrth und Arranmore *rol
away Wednesday. Captain Howes of the
Arranmore had sufficiently recovered
from his illness to be able to take his Ehlo
out. The Marguerita Doilfus and the
Hougamor.t are loading a.nd will be down
next week, while the Merioneth and Har
blrger are going to The grain elevators In
a day or two. This will about exhaust the
fleet.
The British fhip Eulomene will have
pome fun aboard when she gets here.
She Is now at Victoria. B. C. but as there
Is no chance for a grain charter on the
Sound, she is coming- here to load wheat
"on owners' account" at Balfour's. The
bcarriing-houFe runners will use every
means in their power to induce the crew
to leave the vessel, and. as the captain
knows the state of the labor market, it
will be a case of diamond cut diamond.
Lost Her Propeller.
The steam schooner Robert Dollar Is
on her way hero In tow of the steam coll
ier Matteawan. On Tuesday la«t the
Dollar started from Seattle for San Fran
cisco. When riphteen miles south of Cape
Flattery she Ftruck a floating pile or some
thing' else and h^r propeller was carried
away. The steamer was soon pot under
all sail and headed back for the Sound.
When Ne-ih Bay was reached the anchors
¦were Jet ko. and the captain went ashore
to telephone for assistance. The Matte
awan. with COM tons of coal aboard, was
bound out. and the captain apreed to tow
the Robert Dollar to San Francisco.
Steamship Australia Late.
The Oo*»ar.lc Stpami-hlp Company's Aus
trsMa Is atray behind her schedule time,
and the a^ntp are beginning to think she
ha? been detailed at Papeete. Had any
thinj? happened to the mall boat the news
would probably have b»en cabled from
Awk'.nr.d or Sydney, as two lines of
6t*>am'-rs from thoce ports make Tahiti a
calline pla<-e. Then agnln something may
have hapjiened to her machinery and. like
the City of Pokinjr. when she lost her
propeller, the Australia may be coming 1
alone under pall. Captain Lawless has
tried the Australia under sail several
tlrrK-s. and on each occasion Fhe averaped
aMit four knots an hour. The run b«
tww>n Tahiti a::d San Francisco Is the
moPt peaceful on the Pacific Ocean. The
"Water Front Notes.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The Commerce loads poles at Cowichan for
Santa Rosalia; the La Gironde. coal and sup
plier at San Pedro for La Paz; the Eulomene.
wheat at this port for Europe, owners' ac
count.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Thursday. March 14.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 44 hours from
Ean-Die^o.
Stmr Greenwood. Fasrerlund, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Chas Nelson. Klltgaard. 20 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 47 hours from Coon
Bay.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, 90 hours from Be
attle.
Stmr Nome City. Daniels, €2 hours from San
Diego, via Redondo 86 hours.
Stmr Noyo. Hansen, 14 hours from Fort
Eratf.
Stmr Navarre, Hassen. 10 hours from
Bowens Landinr.
Nor ttmr Tlumia, Egenes, 92 hours from
Xanalmo.
CLEARED.
Thursday, March 14.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Gooda'.l. Per
kins & CO.
Etmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Bark Kalulanl, Dabel. Honolulu; Williams.
Dimond & Co.
BAILED.
Thursday, March 14.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Nome City. Daniels, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Whaling etmr Grampus, Porter, whaling.
Schr Albion. Laxsen. Coqullle River. 1
Sehr Lily, Bottger. Umpqua River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Fort Ross.
Echr Western Home. Christensen, Cooa Bay.
SPOKEN
Feb 24. lat 12 N, Ion 27 W— Br ship Allerton.
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Feb 25. lat 14 N, Ion 28 W— Br ehlp Dovenby
Hall, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBO6, March 14, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
ISLAND PORTS
COOS BAY— Arrived March 14— Schr Gotama,
h#>nce March 8.
Sailed March 14— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived March 14— Schr Mary E Ru.a, hence
March b: schr Glen, hence March 2; stmr Sig
nal. h»nce March 12.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed March 14— Stmr Rival.
fcr San Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY-Salled March 14— Stmr«
Pel Norte and Crescent City, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed March 14— Stmr Geo W
Elder, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 14— Stmr Ruth, from Seattle;
bark Harry , Mors*. hence March 6.
CASPAR— Arrived March 14— Stmr South
Coast, hence March 13.
NEAH BAY-Salled March 14-Stmr Mattea
wan. with stmr Robert Dollar for San Fran
cisco In tow.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 14— Schr
Alvenia. from Eureka.
EASTERN PORTS,
HILO— Arrived Feb :«— Schr Jennie Wand.
from. Eureka.
Sailed March 2— Ship Falls of Clyde, for Ban
Francisco.
KAHUL.UI— Arrived Feb 1-Bark Edward
May. from Honolulu. Feb lS-Schr OttllHe
f*Jord, from Eureka.
MAHUKONA— Arrived Feb 2S-8chr O M
Kellc~r. from HUo.
HANA— Sailed March 2— Schr Stanley, for
San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 13— Ship Er»
k!ne M Phelp«. hence Oct 17.
FOREIGN PORTS,
OYSTER HARBOR-Sallfd March 14-Shln
Indiana, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO- Sailed March 14-Stmr San Ma
t»-o. for Port L«oa Ang»les.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 11— Br etmr
Emprefs of China, from Vancouver.
Sailed March 1J— Stmr Tacoma. for Tacoma.
Jap «tmr HinskonK Maru. for San Francisco.
ACAPt'I>-"O — Arrived March 12— Br bark
Mary A Troop, from Newcastle, Aui.
COLON— Arrived March 12— Stmr Finance,
from New Ycrk.
Hailed March 12— Stmr Alllanca. for New
York.
FA LMOUTI I— Arrived March IS— Ger ship
Henrietta, from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March 13— Ger
strar Mirce. from Portland, Or.
FaileJ March 12— Stmr China, for San Fran
cisco. March IS— Br stmr Kmpress of Japan,
rcr Vancouver.
CAPE S PA RTEL— Parsed March 12— Br etmr
Hyson, from Tacoma.
gUEEXSTOW'N— Arrived March 12— Br ship
Hyderabad, henc* Oct 17. March IS— Ger ehlo
Slriue. from ¦ Portland: Fr ehlo Vllle de Mul
hou«*. h^nct Nov 25.
SYDNEY— Anlv<?d prior to March 11-Stmr
\>r.tura, hence Feb 14.
KINPAUE— Passed March 1J— Br ship Dal
cilrnlr, from Portland, and ordered to Ant
»er»
SCHOONER T.n.T.rTtnvvr, CHABTERED BT WILUAM3. DIMOXD &
CO. TO LOAD LUiDBER AT GRAYS HARBOR FOR TONGA. SHE IS
THE PIONEER VESSEL ON THIS RUN.
PALACE FOR TONGA'S KING
TO BE OF OREGON PINE
Potentate of the South Seas Buys a Cargo of
Lumber on This Coast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX.. FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1901.
5
The bay schooner Berwick met with a
peculiar accident yesterday. She had dis
charged her cargo into the bark Kalulanl
and was being towed away from Folsom
street by the tug Amelia when the trou
ble came. Tho flood tide was running
about four miles an hour, and when the
Berwick cleared the wharf it caught and
carried her away from the Amelia down
on the _ stem or the Government tug Slo
cum. The schooner was struck amidships
and nearly cut to the water's edge. She
swung clear and then the Amelia got hold
or her again and ran her down to the mud
fiats.
The transport Pak Ling will dock at
Harrison-street wharf to-day. She will
J&T e T^ cavalr y horses to the Philippines.
The Pak Ling. Meade and Indiana will all
probably get away Saturday.
The steam whaler Grampus got away
for the Arctic yesterday. Captain Porter
is a rain in harness an<i rnnv h» «.<•»
reports of sailing ships for years and
years have always been "light winds and
calms, until the coast was reached when
sometimes It blew hard. If. then, the Aus
tralia has not been detained at Papeete.
It will be found that some damage to the
machinery has caused the delav.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
March 15.
Amer. Maru. China and Japan...
Corona Newport
Mnrcli 10.
Argo Coqullle River ....
Australia.... Tahiti
Marlposa Honolulu
Mandalay Coqullle River
Point Arena. Point Arena
Santa Barbar S«-aitl» direct
Empire Coos Bay
March 17.
Eureka Humboldt
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa.. San Diego
: Mnrch 18.
W. Kruger... Tlllamook Bay ....
Newport. Panama & Way Pt
North Fork.. Humboldt
March 11>. .
Rainier Seattle & N. What.
Arcata Coos Bay
Pomona Humboldt
Coronado Grays Harbor .....
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
Bonlta Newport ..•
March 20.
Tueapel Valparaiso & Way.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Queen San Dleiro
Acme Tlllamook Bay ....
March 22.
Umatllla. Puget Sound Ports.
1 pm PMSS
8 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 1
4 pm Pier 7
2 pm Pier 7
Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 13
11 am Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
• pm Pier 13
12 m FMSS
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
2 pm Pier 9
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 11
12 m S.W. ]
10 am Pier 2
9 ami Pier 11
Pier 13
U S-mlP!er 9
Steamer.
From.
I
Due.
— —
Australia Tahiti Mar. 15
Empire "... Coos Bay Mar. 15
Chlco Tlllamook Bay ..; Mar. 15
Mandalay Coquille River Mar. 15
Orescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 15
Kureka Humboldt Mar. 15
Argyll New York via Panama Mar. 15
City of Peking. China and Japan Mar. 15
North Fork.... Ilumboldt Mar. 15
Arjro Coquille River Mar. 13
bamoa Humboldt Mar. 16
Kan Pedro". Humboldt Mar. 16
Kvarven Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 16
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 16
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 1C
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 1«
Santa Barbara San Pedro Mar. 16
Rainier.... San Pedro Mar. 17
Queen San Diego Mar. 17
Tucapel.. Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar. 17
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 17
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 17
Acme Tlllamook Bay Mar. 17
Bonlta Newport Mar. 17
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Mar. IS
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. IS
Bonoma .- Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. IS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... Mar. 18
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. IS
Coronado. San Pedro Mar. CO
Corona Newport Mar. 20
W. H. Kruger. ISan Pedro Mar. 20
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 21
Point Arena — Point Arena Mar. 21
O Tim* Time Time Time
E. Ft. Ft. J Ft. Ft.
• L. W H W L W H W
IS ... 0:44 3.0 6:34 S.O .1:34 0.3 8:43 4.7
IS ... 1:45 2.6 7:ft 6.2 2:25 0.2 9:23 5.0
17... 2:38 2.0 8:42 5.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 5.3
li ... 3:25 1.5 '9:40 5.5 3:5« 0.2 10:32 6.5
19 ... 4:12| 0.9 10:35 5.6 4:38 0.4 11:08 6.7
20 ... 6:00 o.S 11:23 -5.6 6:19 0.7 11:41 5.8
21 ...| 5:50 0.1 12:24 5.5 6:0OJ^l.l
O Tim* Time Time Time
E. Ft. Ft. J Ft. Ft.
• L. W H W L W H W
IS ... 0:44 3.0 6:34 S.O .1:34 0.3 8:43 4.7
IS ... 1:45 2.6 7:ft 6.2 2:25 0.2 9:23 5.0
17... 2:38 2.0 8:42 5.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 5.3
li ... 3:25 1.5 '9:40 5.5 3:5« 0.2 10:32 6.5
19 ... 4:12| 0.9 10:35 5.6 4:38 0.4 11:08 6.7
20 ... 6:00 o.S 11:23 -5.6 6:19 0.7 11:41 5.8
21 ...| 5:50 0.1 12:24 5.5 6:0OJ^l.l
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
March 15.
Amer. Maru. China and Japan...
Corona Newport
Mnrcli 10.
Argo Coqullle River ....
Australia.... Tahiti
Marlposa Honolulu
Mandalay Coqullle River
Point Arena. Point Arena
Santa Barbar S«-aitl» direct
Empire Coos Bay
March 17.
Eureka Humboldt
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa.. San Diego
: Mnrch 18.
W. Kruger... Tlllamook Bay ....
Newport. Panama & Way Pt
North Fork.. Humboldt
March 11>. .
Rainier Seattle & N. What.
Arcata Coos Bay
Pomona Humboldt
Coronado Grays Harbor .....
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
Bonlta Newport ..•
March 20.
Tueapel Valparaiso & Way.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Queen San Dleiro
Acme Tlllamook Bay ....
March 22.
Umatllla. Puget Sound Ports.
1 pm PMSS
8 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 1
4 pm Pier 7
2 pm Pier 7
Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 13
11 am Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
• pm Pier 13
12 m FMSS
9 am Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 13
2 pm Pier 9
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 11
12 m S.W. ]
10 am Pier 2
9 ami Pier 11
Pier 13
U S-mlP!er 9
Steamer.
From.
I
Due.
— —
Australia Tahiti Mar. 15
Empire "... Coos Bay Mar. 15
Chlco Tlllamook Bay ..; Mar. 15
Mandalay Coquille River Mar. 15
Orescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 15
Kureka Humboldt Mar. 15
Argyll New York via Panama Mar. 15
City of Peking. China and Japan Mar. 15
North Fork.... Ilumboldt Mar. 15
Arjro Coquille River Mar. 13
bamoa Humboldt Mar. 16
Kan Pedro". Humboldt Mar. 16
Kvarven Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 16
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 16
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 1C
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 1«
Santa Barbara San Pedro Mar. 16
Rainier.... San Pedro Mar. 17
Queen San Diego Mar. 17
Tucapel.. Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar. 17
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 17
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 17
Acme Tlllamook Bay Mar. 17
Bonlta Newport Mar. 17
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Mar. IS
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. IS
Bonoma .- Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. IS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... Mar. 18
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. IS
Coronado. San Pedro Mar. CO
Corona Newport Mar. 20
W. H. Kruger. ISan Pedro Mar. 20
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 21
Point Arena — Point Arena Mar. 21
RATT.WAY TRAVEL.
BAJXWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally- Daily. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Ptockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno'.. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
•• Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
. •• Vlsalia "•'. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld «:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .....;..
•• Kan. Cty.. 2:41 a 7:30a
" : Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p .."
a for morning;, p for afternoon.
¦ 9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chlcagoi Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
¦ first ¦ class passengers. N'o second . class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond.
Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining; Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a, m. Is BaVersfleld; Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 111S Broadway, Oak-
. land. .- .- - .
RIM'Tlir.UW IMIIKIC lOJIfAST.
(PACino mnix.)
Trains !••»*• niiil nrv •!¦•• In nrrli* ••
NAN fll A'. N «:!<»«•«».
1 (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LSAYE — FSOU MAKCB 14, 1X1. — AftXIYl
7:0u » Martinez, Saa Uamon, Vallejo, Napa,
1'a.llitcga and Santa Rosm 6lX3p
TiSOABenida, eiuiaau. Elmfra. Taearlllo,
Bamsey and. Sacramento 7<3.1p
?:3OADftTit, W oodlaad. KnlihuLtadln;,
Marjs»llle . Ormille.. 7:31 f
7:3«» Atlaatio Ki press— Ogdan aod Eaa« 12:SSp
8:UU4 NUi>«. LiTermore, Tr*cy, JLatlaor.
atocktOD 7:S3p
S:S»a ShasU Express— Dafis, WiUiami (for
Bwtlttt Esrlna), Wiilow*. Red
Bluff. PorUand. 7:S3p
Si3O» San J«»e, Ufenaore. Htooktnn.
lone. Haorameutu. PlaerrTille,
M»rjSTllle. Cbieo, lte.1 Illuff ' 4>23p
NiBOa Oakdale, Chinese, bonora. Carters... 4:S3p
»:UOa Haywarda. Niks and Way SUtloas. 1 IsSJa
0:«»aIxm Aatelea Express— Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop. .stuck ton. Merced
Vreano aud Los Angeles 7:33?
SiSff A VallrJ... Martiimi a 11,4 Way Stations Sifter
1 0:O«A Tbe Overlaud Limited— Ojdeu. Den-
ver, Oiaaha. Chiot^j 9:HSr
I1:OOa Nile*. 8tooiton. Maeraai«o»a, Mmi-
dota. Fresno, llaaford. Vlaalia.
FortexTill« *iZ3r
11:00a Li»rnnnr», Banter. Goshen Joao-
tlon, Btkenfield, Los Angeles
fI:OOr SucrameutK Klter Siteanier* t^'^OA
8>*S)p ll-aicla. Winters. ftaeraraanto.
UcHjland. KnlvhU Laadlng.
M»r»»»lllf. Oro.ilM 10:1.14.
SiOOp Hayvards, Nllrs and Way Buttons. 8i33p
4t««r Martluex, Han Uamon, Tallajo,
Napa, CaltatoKa. Hunt* Itosa 0<93a.
ftiOOP Sanaei limited. El Paao, 2.*ew
Orleaoa and K»*V .1 1:23a
4:OOrTli« Uwl Limited— Traer Fresno.
BakenQeld. Baagns for Sanla Bar>
bara, Los Ancelea. 11:13 1
4iS*p Hsrwarda. Mle« and San Jom...... fStft^A
Si«op New Orleanc Ezpreas— llakenMelO.
8anta Barbara. Los Angeles. U»«n-
Ing. El ruo, New Orleans and
Kaat 7.33a
8:00p 5nes. LlTtrmore, Stockton. Lodi.... IOiSSa.
' «i««p UaTwaida, Mle» aud San Jose 7iS9a
f«:OOr Vallejo lliSSt
•¦•«r Oriental Hall— OgJen, Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicago 1S<S9>>
¦iOOr Oriental Jlall-Ojdf n. Dearer.
Omaba. Cbloaga «»13#
7»0» p Oregon and California Uxpr#»«.Hao-
rani«iitii. M»rr»'lll», Iledillug.
1'ortUti.l. r>ige» Hound and Kait llUl
••¦SpBan Pablo, Pork Costa, Martlau
and Way Stations IIiSSa
t»:»3p Vall.Jo 7l33r
COAST D1TISION (5arroir Uaaxe). *
(Foot oC Market 3trm>.)
lil3ANe»ark.t>uteMtlle.!iaaJose,r«lton,
Bonider Creek . Santa Crux and Way
Station* «¦»»»
fSilSr Newark, CentetTllle, 8an Jose, Hew
Almaden. Felton. llonlder Creek,
Santa Cnu aod l'rladpal Way
Stations tl«i"*&
4ilSp Newark. H»n Jo««, LosGatos §:."»«>«.
aOiSOr Banters' Exsnnion. Baa Jos« aad
Way SUtions t7r«»y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtatll FH 1ClSC3-r.it *r Htriit SUnt (Sli> It—
t7:l» 9:0Q ll:0O*.it. I:C3 3:39 9.1Sr.«.
rrMdlUIB— FMUriruiaa;.— 1«:00 tSOO t3«3
m.OOt.M. UC3 2:8J 153 r.M.
COAST DITCUOS (Itroad (iaage).
. (Third and Townsewi Sta.>
(¦ilCAOeean View. South Han Fraadaoo.. fii30p
7iOOa Han Joie and Way Stations (Nsw
Almaden \V«lne<dajt only) itSOp
•¦•Oa Han Joee. Trea I'lmw. Hanta Cms.
racilic (!n.»«. I'asn UoMee. Man
I .nls Oliinpo, Hnrf. Lorapoe aud
Principal War SUUnm 4il«*
I«i4*A San Jnas and Way Htatlous •«:«."» a
IIiIOa .San .ln.« ami \Va» SUtim. SlSv*
t*i«Sr San Matra. Redwood. Mrnlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. .San Jnae.
Tres Finos. Manta Crux, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Oro»e 1l«i««4
ftiS«p«ao Joaeand Way Stations 7:.t«»p
f-lilftp gan Joraamt Principal Way RUtlone »i4.1a
t3to«r Ban Joee, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t9iOfta
3i3Op Sau.l me and Principal Way Stations MiS3a
•tllQr Ban Jose and Way Stations t*<**A
«lli4-tp 9an Jrw ami Way Stations 7i3Op
A for Morning. P foe A rterooon.
t "Mnday exempted. J Sunday onljr.
f Mondars. Wedaesdsrt. Friday*.
« TuasdsTs, Tbursdajrs, Bandar*,
a Saturday only, - — <,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SsHisallto F«iry.
Comnienctns September SO, 1300.
FKHM SA.f FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:». r>:!5. 11:00 a. m.. *1:U.
1:15. «:0O. 5:15. *«:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:C0. •10:C0. *ll:30 a. m.. # 1:1j,
1:13. »4:45. «:3O. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Qnentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. •€:». 7:43, »:30 a. ra..
•l* - 30 1:*5 *3:30. 4:20. 5:20 d. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-*:*). *3:<», *10:O0. -11:4s a. m..
•1:40. *2:13. 4:43. •S:^ d. m.
Trains marked (•) start from SanQu»ntln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. «:45. 1:53. 9:30 a. m..
12:33. 2:10. 3:30. 4:34. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
, and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:65. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, !:15. 3:30.
5:00. CMS v- rn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
S:iS a. m. week days — Caxadero and way
statlcns. »
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations.
8:C0 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way
«tatlnn».
ffWMWpeS
RATT.WAY TSAVEL.
roTrrBTrro'7roTnroTr&^^
LIKE THE
WHIRLWIND I
!° ' °{
p You go on the 3
o CALIFORNI A o
|2 LIMITED «
|o but you ride gently, a
g as the breeze 3
io San Francisco 3
£ to Chicago -v, 3
C In 75 hours
on the g
I SANTA FE I
g Leaves San Francisco »:
g at 9.00 a. m. dally. 3
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. Ca
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Marlc.«t St.
' San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBUROX FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 1:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. 1:30.
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:10
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 And
11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS-8:00. 1:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. iM.
6:00. 6:10 p. m.
t»nn aiaiual to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 1:10. >:S0. 11:10 a. m.; 12:i5.
1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays- Extra trips at 1:S5
and (45 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— S:10. t:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:03. (:2S p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetsen Park,
same schedule es abOTe^
L«ava I In Effect I ArrlT*
San Francisco. |Nov. 7. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I We«k
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm S:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 8:23 pm
Fclton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:»pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm liflpm
7:S0 ami I Hopland ] I
| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| I:O pm
7:30 am " W:» »m
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm t:t2ym
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm <:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am!10:J5 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:3S pm| 8:M pm
SUtres contect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skairgs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John ¦ Day's. Riverside. Herlejr"s Bucknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendocino City.' Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Wllletts. Laytonvllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs,
Harris ' Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . "
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market et.. Chronicle build-
Ins". R- X. RYAN.
¦ H. C. WHITING. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. . Via Sauulito Ferry— Foot of Muket St.
9:15 a.m.) ttp-fw niVQ ( 3.-00 p.m.
1:«Ip.m.V WEEK DAYS t 6 .:5p.m.
4:00 f. m.) Stay over ntghtat the TAVEiur (Uk-tf a. m.
»ffl».«.l f 1:00 p.m.
10:0O a.m. •¦¦ - srrvr»AV«» J *«>Mi.
11:30 a. M.f SUNDAYS i 4^5 r.M.
1:13 P.M.) l5:i5p.lf.
Kare. San Francfcco to Summit and Return, f 1.40. .
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., A Sansaltto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST AT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of 1'rlvat*
ni««-a<se<i. Ixmt Manbood. Dehilit.v or
disease wearlogon body ami mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cares when
others Tail. Try him. ('barge* low.
«'iir«»« rnarnnlrrd. Call or write.
Dr.J. W. fllBOoa. bau Fraaclaco. CaL j _ ,.
»• SOBCISlI' SS&IO "Gay Coney Island," the great mechanical show — Exhibition Hill, second floor; free. Buit&i* SnifS
| M. N. Shampoo Millinery Opening Days. Friday Only. I
X To-morrow (SalurJav) cn'y, we will fell the >--i The best Creamery Better that moncycan j*
*|» famous N. .N. Sha-nroo, for thoroughly . '- . .tfjfrflfflSjSfr' Jf^^^t^> buy, regular size squares; iTJ^J) *
j,- «ahinjandeeawngthei«Ip and hiir, In it j j t on specul sale to-dav %SlSC '*
t? b^xes corti nine six shampoos: sold — — r^-r. * t • I 1 vwfT*>^^">5?JvvV H 11 fl n X f? fl Ol ' '"' «•
1 poo is- not for to-day nor for Mon- t _l „. fn Wt&~9 fflZM^mm! from our own <*OOtlS special. ; J
£ day, but /or to-morrow, Saturday Tern naiS l0 Iff \2sSS2i S^S l^rcre- work- C 'T VJ™ shoi^ n ?° f '5
* r " /'htrmca -frnrrt L. n » r ««"" ISige WOIK" sty.ish, desirable dress tjbncs, we orlrr about if
f Otlly ' ' CnOOSe irom. g^T/ \Z.'\\ W room 150 yards of Donegal Honwpon «n4 530 •}
K B^SSsbOrBS J>-S^SL_- so<x!s £e '^ n = r-gularly a: 75c, <i.oo ani \
I • 1/ln Panama WalKinj Hats— Ml styles; now on display and sale. *° r - -- M • — • — • 54c j
«;: fc, r«,. <»- y . .S-j 4°«> s^ °< jw? Y \x*s4 »«„«. —Jf f+ B*** B~ 8mm n Oofn Good Flannelette . : J
s •iwj.TSk, xl^£, : it t . a-ast uays or tstotnmg sate. Night shirts 35c, s
K and lust- ou% both' in so id colors and fancy Until closing time to-morrow night we offer the balance of the manufacturer's stock of Men's and Boyi' Latrst Style e bo*»ght all tiat the manufacturer had of jj
fc . d«-gns, full 3 # inches wide, tbli season's Clothing, which we bought for two-thirds its real value. ' these 50c FlanneV.t.- N'igbt Shirfa for men J
jf choicest ttylr? for neckwear and mill nery «. , - a cue * an s i they are maic of a good quahty ot «
If purposa; rrgularly »5C « y«J; Fr- M:ni * J 2.50 Sack Suit $8.45 — All- Wool S \ Boys' $7*50 Suits 54-95— Long Pani Suiti; . w ft fl ce cy flannelstte ia fancy woven pat- S
K cay only ; BH'C Cheviots, Ca»imere» and Wonteds, in new p^ f—zZm* <Pfa AU-Wool ¦ Ku: Cheviots, ¦ Gray, Brown and terni, cut lul and extra lonj, made with a £
h " : ipring effect*. JfcrX ]E"»W Te^J Fancy Mixrorcs; well made and ni.ely yoke and pocket; on'y 60 dozen of them at jf
t, "fT'BLm. yt^VSy*** *•• I " f-*7 trimmed. the jpec-al ja'e price Friiay an4 m^ mm 3*
s $h ThesG M T k * 5 i°:V ll ?v*\'Tr'/n **""-"* *
5 %tff n**n^ I Frock StyH in Wo^d,, OxW / I f 9 to IS *«"* «». AU-Wool FabHca, b SOBCiai So/CS Of 3
}£ X^Sv mJOMtS Vicuna, and Fancy Mixtures; eoa'. either J V (P)/ f /V^CSi \ *** lat K shades of Gray, Tan and other *PJF ma iSm X
a; /\ ... tf 1tT% tingle or double breasted. | /\ l^if b I V^ZJ^TV color mixture*; both dark and Ught ; bright, SvMUSMM WCSM** S
V fy uy a EC a M . w , p , t . , n , f . f . 11/ \J ?J f frCj cheerful patterm for iprinj. Al»o, &« buej; Ladies' Drawers— Good mnalin, deep {£
5 I Mr-j.. JL - atj ?1.50-Madc of good y/ V I > t> Me each garment weUnud; and lined and wil h emititchcd ' " ?
ft I II Kid jointed, hair Stuffed, B.ack Cheviot, warranted not to rip, should / \ ' L \ V-L ¦- J -: v , MtVi-tDrv wear m e «
5 / ttnnmmv \ \ i • « j » • . • . . // V#?* JK^x > it " ••* > - BJI J w c«i> rum; of cam- . PsX 9
J. U Ii::., /J bisque head, g!»i not be !» than pair. j \ Men's $5.00 Pants $2.98-Thi. b about We cut wide -/^C\\\11S^ S
2 I C X«» Showing teeth, Bays' $5.00 and $6.00 Vestee Sui'j $3.35 // / \\1 ' T half their prxs and real wcrth; there are ex- «nd fuU, wdl /.\>>^^^N\ -*
J. LJU bngflaxn hair, shoes _S M 3 to 8 year.; Fine AU-Wool Blus // / \ \ actly 100 piiri of thae Men'. Finetf Wor- tewed; value for I. \ L^iVS «
S SS and Stockings, doll 1O s ' Cassimcres and Tweecs; in a'J co'or- _^-T \ T L 4lls .^ Pant,; neat stj-pes.ia .variety of shades 35c; »eaal to- I PM J
•l S WS i't,/-^-. !«„„. mr>0.f\-,] . . I JL.^S 8 *^ 1 I tzSZtt&r 3 that are newest and best, t£k srwn, perfect <« » J (*riday) I t\ ? A *££ , jg
J WS , , 8 ' P inp; hand$ome single or double breaitcd lilk K^^ j A **^ S) fitting-on iptcial sa!e for two da}., if quan- only o - jJ] '^Jr *
$ £ to-day Only Q*^ vets. • V I /\ ' tlry 3a..«, per pair $2.98 ••• «*C /ilk ,1 IlkTUliUA^ £
$ 6 « -each.... 11C _ , Ladies' &^6i^j||l^ia 5
i Friday and Saturday RBf » fti PI LeSS Titan Half FriCe, lc^ iea^ aSt tuckbg J
| Cigar Sale. I «« \vL4f Broken Lines Ladies' Shoes. 15 " d J 6; £
X For two days only— to-day and to-morrow. f\ /B£} ?§[& |N NA Friday and Saturday only we offer six lots of Ladies' Shors— about 240 onTy S5C %
J! Li Ro«a de Cast:!!are Cigars, the o _ k^|%w\ ; 4\\^hJx\TX Fairs in all— broken lines of siz:s; desirable i+hSlri-nn'c U*%*+<% 1/1 '?
V "two-Wqaarttr" me.3 ton 4-?5C 5 a few pairs of button shoes, but mostly lace. If we are able [_£ •^ * ynUUren S HOSC M**C 'x
%>' General Arthur. Clears, the "two-for-a-quar- V^ tt^"*^ c \. • c u . j c .u 1 . *-. - J. A4 Jr** mm i ou will consiier them a bargain a: 23c a pair, X
*\ ter" S ize-t0-d»yfnd to-morrow * \ x^V^^ 1^ tO '^ two days of thesr regular $ z. ,0, jEJ m &%f the.e children', narrowtrbbVd, fas: b^ack *
» 2 fop ZOG X $3-0° $3*5° Shccs for * cotton hose; th:y have couble kneej, heels
a/ ! — • and solej that ars made of an extra fine qua!- Jf.
S Neckwear Sale Pompadour Combs Hose Supporters. Letter Tablets 7c. J
J* Friday and Saturday a tOOa Ladies' sllc tide Hci; Suppcrters, with the They are a good quality of ntin woven rn'eJ day enly; p:r cozen $1.65; per pair IQC . %
*>" For the two days we make a rare offering of »oo short fh:ll pempaiour comb?, regu'ar value j "Priscilla" button c!as ? , an asso:tment of j heavy letter paper; 50 pages in a tatlet, regu- „ — ; .J
£ itylah CoUarett.-s and Neck Ruffs, in black =oc each— on ta'e in Noticn D;- m n Y^i colors » rsgulir value 25c a *^y larlyisc each, 400 enly— on sae to- _ mUtJUOl* "J
J* only, styles and cjual'ty "the very best, about partroent Friday only, each MUG par— special prce for Friday MOG day at M G Harper Kye Whiskey— The celebrated I. W. >
IT ico in a'l; to closi out th: line these pri:cs: — ~~Z ' IZ[ . — • ~ ~ ~ J~ Harper saaight goods; rega!arly O ***•":£
V $5.00 Collar.-ttw $3.33 5Os Chambers ifBfiE KMiJirk^n^la^XaBi 81!ki<3 Rat TrapS 9C. Jr.oo a bottle; to-day only..,.. OUC jj
£> I4.50 Co-brettes-* • &3.OO 33Cm ffiS BUB iHITH \\\%mW\\\8L\ B B 9 BB^ The "Blizzard," with patent ta^ty Gin— The tamous O'.d Theme's English tot- ' X
U <7-5° Collar:tt« $5.OO W hite enameled steel, doub'e coatrd, H WMfr ** ' «iul * V WS '' cvcr t0 £c: i: w:th > safc and P 3wer * u> 5i I^tt $ i'°°? Z^- 83 ° %
IV Jis.50 Collarett:s $8.33 ' ••-¦ CAUFORNIA'S LARQEST—AWERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. ' * SSO X
a* t X
THS EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE; EMPORIUM.
f I "\
ordinary
•» -
oatmeal
is pasty—
VU\Q^= is
the perfect grainCAXIFOBNIANS HT WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The follow
ing Callforniang are In Washington: At the
National— L. Dickson, A. Hunter and wife,
San Francisco. At the Raleigh— George
A. Robrlck, Los Angeles. At the Shore
ham—W. J. Mack, San Francisco.
Things concerning which w© possess but
a negative knowledge have no power to
accomplish a positive result.
Special Information suppUed dally to
business houses acd public men by tna
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery at. Telephone Main 1042. •
William Jennings Biyan has again unslung his pen
and predicts dire disaster for the nation. Calamity
Bill should learn the lesson which comes in eloquent
flashes of silence.'^ /. :
- Two French statesmen have decided to fight a duel.
And the strange part of the affair, is that they seem
seriously determined to damage one another.
Mr. Nation of Kancas has risen up to say that Mrs.
Nation, will stop crusading, and we are now likely to
learn at. last which is the head of the family, .....
1 he gamblers, it is said, have won everything worth
winning in Nome. This fact ought to suggest to the
miners an excellent opportunity to make a round-up
and get back everything that belongs to them.
The Democrats of Denver seem to have reached
that desperate climax where they don't care ; whether
trouble comes or" not. They have decided to nomi
nate a woman for City Clerk. ; -¦¦. >H
In the general meddle and muddle of legislative
affairs ' throughout the country, it is worth noting
that the Wisconsin Legislature is discussing a bill
"to promote matrimony." There appears to be some
thing wrong with the girls of the State, or else the
boys are waiting for the Legislature to offer a bounty.
The Kansas Legislature, recently adjourned, adopt
ed 427 bills which arc now laws of the State. One
would suppose from the Carrie Nation hysteria that
Kansas already had more than enough laws with
which to wrestle. f--. : *."-?:
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Jb at Townsend'a."
Choice candies. Town«nd's, FsJace Hotel.«
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK. March 14.— The following
Calif ornlans are In Xew York: From San
Francisco— F. J. Tolten. at the Albert; N
M. Smith, at the Marlborough; E. J*
Qulnn. at the Vendome; F. Older, at the
Holland; P. L. Pettigrew. at the Ven
dome; W. Brackett, at the Herald Square
This city has been the scene of an incident which
argues forcefully that the homes for the feeble-minded
in this State are not as densely inhabited by eligible
patients as they ought to be. Cooper, the rascally
ex-convict, has received many floral offerings from
female admirers.
Local Chinese gamblers are now employing white
agents. The struggle for existence reduces some
white men to desperate and despicable extremities
to live
It is stated that the Merchant Tailors' National Ex
change of America not only triumphed at the Paris
exposition by taking a gold medal, but that their
exhibit so deeply impressed the Russian Government
that it offered to buy the whole thing for display at
Moscow: but it remains to be seen whether the Mus
covite dandies will look upon our styles as models or
curiosities. ¦
After Senator McLaurin of South Carolina had
voted several times with the Republicans of the. Sen
ate on party measures an effort was made in the South
Carolina Legislature to pass a vote of censure on h!s
action, but the resolution was defeated and now the
people of the State arc wondering what is going to
Hppcn next
By a recent vote of the Commons the coronation
oath of King Edward will be so changed from the
oath of former sovereigns as to contain nothing offen
sive to the Roman Catholics of his empire. The
clause requiring the King to expressly repudiate the
doctrine of transubstantiation and to declare the invo
cation and adoration cf the Virgin and the saints to
be idolatrous was embodied in the coronation oath
in 1G88 and has been retained until this time. The
new King will have to swear to nothing that signifies
any kind of religious intolerance.
An item going the rounds of the Eastern press is
to the effect that if Minister Conger, now at Peking,
wishes the Republican nomination for Governor of
Iowa he can get it. The report goes on to say he
is heavily in debt by reason of bad speculations, but
*'his creditors expect that he will obtain a personal
indemnity from the Chinese Government sufficient
to clear the flate." Here then is a new way to pay
old deb*s, and doubtless many a speculative politician
will make a note of it.
TROUBLE IN THE BALKANS.
pZJ OR a long time the people of the Balkan States
I ; had a monopoly of the European war cloud.
Public attention was incessantly fixed upon Bul
garia, Servia, Macedonia, Albania and Turkey. There
was always a sign of war in that part of the world,
and speculation used to vary in calculating the time
when the cloud would burst. Some authorities said
six months, some said six weeks, and some said it
might occur any day.
The outbreak of our war with Spain distracted at
tention from the Balkans, and as the war in South
Africa followed and the Chinese imbroglio came soon
after, comparatively little has been thought or said of
them for about three years. Now, however, they are
making a new bid for public notice. * Weary of in
action they "have once more filled their skies with
clamors and made the welkin ring with shouts that
give promise of battle.
For some time pa.it the Macedonians have had
trouble with the Turks. They complain of Turkish
outrages and the Turks answer by complaints of
Macedonian outrages. It appears there is a strong
secret society having its headquarters in Bulgaria
which is incessantly working for trouble in Mace
donia. Recently the Turkish Government threatened
to line the Bulgarian frontier with troops and make
short work of any one found intriguing in the inte-est
of the conspirators. Another report is to the effect
that the Bulgarian Ministry is strongly Russian in
sympathy and is fomenting trouble in Macedonia as
a part of a Russian programme.
At this distance it is not easy to determine the rela
tive rights and wrongs of the controversy. In fact
the disturbance is primarily due to the artificial man
ner in which the states of the Balkan peninsula are
organized. The people of all of them are dissatisfied
with the existing condition of things, and so long as
that discontent continues there will never be lacking
cause for strife. The whole of that portion of Europe
is in a condition of instable equilibrium and very little
in the way of impulse is required to' set it rocking to
and fro as if, about to fall to pieces.
It has been announced that for the purpose of pre
paring to meet the new emergency "the Macedonian
Committee has summoned an extraordinary Congress
to meet March 31 to consider the complications." Just
what -that may mean is. not clear; but some light is
thrown upon it by the further announcement in the
dispatch: "It is known that large quantities of arms
and ammunition have been secretly imported into thi
vilayets ot Kossovo, Uskuv and Monastier. ' Two
Russian officers, who have recently toured in North
ern Macedonia incognito, left last evening for St.
Petersburg. The Bulgarian Government has received
sharp reminders from three of the great powers that
it will be held responsible for the preservation of order
in the border districts. Great anxiety exists in Al
bania, which is in a state of unusual ferment."
Since Russia has so much on her hands in the build
ing of the Siberian railroad and in the advancement
IRRIGATION.
THE National Irrigation Congress meets . this
year at Colorado Springs.
It will discuss the progress of irrigation and
the condition of laws upon that subject, individual and
interstate water rights and the whole body of legal
and physical problems involved in the conservation of
water and its equitable distribution and economic use.
The appeal to Congress for appropriations to irri
gate the West failed, and its failure was avenged by
Carter in talking the river and harbor bill to death.
. We are not clear that a Federal appropriation for
that purpose will ever succeed on its merits. Federal
appropriations are now only three hundred millions
short of one billion per session. The taxpayers , are
going to soon become impatient with the invention
of new objects of expenditure. Our pride is satisfied
because we have the greatest government on earth,
but our pockets are sore because it is the costliest
also. If there be any way tp utilize existing public
resources for irrigation without resorting to taxation
it should be considered. The people of the "West
should be wise in their day and generation. They
should examine their own resources and if possible
derive therefrom the means for their development.
The proposition to lease the arid ranges to stock
men and devote the' proceeds to irrigation in the
States and Territories where it is derived is so reason
able and so feasible that it excites the contempt of
those who think a crooked line is shorter between
fixed points than a straight one. A reasonable esti
mate puts the rental of the arid ranges at $9,000,000
a year. We believe that Senator Carter "beefed" be
cause Congress denied $250,000. for irrigation. If, in
stead of leather lunging the Senate, he had consulted
in his own State men like McCormick and John M.
Holt, they could have shown him how to get thirty
six times as much money for irrigation without asking
a dollar from the treasury or getting an attack o!
laryngitis by a thirteen-hour speech.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Charles Weir of Los Angeles is at tha
Palace.
Dr. G. F. Faulkner of Salinas is at the
Palace.
Dr. J. Clark of Gllroy is registered at
the Grand.
Paul R. Ruben, a Fresno merchant, is
at the Lick.
J. O. O'Brien, an attorney of Sonora, la
staying at the Lick.
C. R. Tllson, a fruit grower of Modesto,
is staying at the Lick.
A. C. Calkins of Los Angeles registered
at the Palace yesterday.
E. C. Chapen, a merchant of Los An
geles, is at the California.
D. O. Cook, an extensive land owner o£
San Diego, is at the Grand.
R. W. Skinner, a fruit grower of Marys.
vllle, is a guest at the Grand.
Alfred Stern of Los Angeles is a guest
for a few days at the Palace.
A. W. Simpson, a lumber man of Stock
ton, is a guest at the Occidental.
E. S. Valentine, an insurance man ot
Fresno, is registered at the Lick.
J. M. Wilson, a mining man of Reno.
Nev., is a guest at the Occidental.
L. H. Morgan and wife of New York and
Herman Schlrmer. the musical publisher
of the same city, who are at present at
the Palace, leave Monday for an exten
sive tour of Japan.
General William Ludlow arrived yester
day from the East, accompanied by his
wife, and is at the Palace. The general
will leave on the transport Meade for Ma
nila, where he will report to General Mac-
Arthur. •'•«-
Lowestoft The ware of Lowestoft is a
coarse-grained bluish-white. The decora
tion Is often of little stemless flowers In
natural colors or chocolate or brown; of
shields, coats of arms, monograms or
initials, frequently in brown and gold.
A border of blue, diversified with gold
stars, or a meander pattern of gold, la
seen, especially on punchbowls. Th? cups
of Lowestoft are usually small and with
out handles; .the mugs are both cylin
drical and barrel-shaped. The coffee pots
are tall, with straight spouts; the han
dles of the teapots are crossed or twisted
and attached to the body with leaves.
The surface glaze of the large pieces is
often somewhat rough, as if painted Into
shape by hand. There are no marks or
Btampa on this ware. The ships of New
England merchants in the India trade
brought vast quantities of this Lowes
toft to America in the years between 1800
and 1830, and nearly every old family of
dignity from Maine to Georgia had a
Lowestoft service which was called India
china. Hence specimens are not rare, but
are much beloved by their owners.
Willow-pattern ware was seen every
where. This willowware was made in
England from a design copied from the
Chinese, and It was made in China from
the English ware. A table set with wil
lowware had much charm both in appear
ance and In the Imaginary story con
neqted with it, which was a favorite with
children. A sprightly woman wrote a
poem to the willowware, beginning thus:
I have never been to China, and I fear I never
can
Be chosen as ambassadress to Peking or
Chusan,
Hut I know the kind of place it Is as well as
older pates
From different works ! on China illustrated by
our plates.
The color of the country is a. kind of dingy
blue.
With chaotic land and water here and there
j appearing: through.
Interspersed with funny bridges and paths that
eeem to glide
To very funny houses upon the other ilde.
There are frightful flowers growing upside
down and Inside out.
Trees with caterpillars laden, iom« with roots
and eome without.
These set designs were followed by blue
and wnue ware of clouded outline known
as "flowing blue," which Is valueless save
for Its color.
Tea Drinking a Century Ago.
Silver spoons were seen on all tables of
well-to-do people In 1S01. Alchemy and
powter SDOons were out of date. There
were a few three-tined forks; two tines
were far more common. Knives were of
steel, sharpened for use. with handles of
shagreen, horn, ivory or wood. Table
cloths and napkins were of homespun lin
en, ample in number and firm in quality.
A fashion prevailed of spreading a white
damask tablecloth over one of figured
colored damask. When the last glass of
wine was reached and the almonds and
raisins and fruit, the white cloth was
taken off, leaving what was called a des
sert cloth. If tea was served it was in
handleless cups, hard of hold if the bever
age was hot. The tea was poured into
a saucer and drunk therefrom. Daniel
Webster always drank his tea from a
saucer. The teacup wast set in a little
plate known as a cup plate. Prince de
Broglie discovered after drinking his
twelfth cud of tea that if he wished no
more he must place his spoon across his
cup. Until he did that his hostess kept
pressing fresh tea upon him. A tea urn
was a pretty table appointment with tea
ana sugar canisters, cream pots and su
gar tongs.
George Washington's Invention.
Wine was served in handsome glass de
canters, which were set in silver-rimmed
coasters with wooden bases. These coast
ers were sometimes double, made to hold
two decanters or bottles, and were set on
four little wheels like a miniature wapon.
They were dragged around the surface of
the table by a little tongue or handle. It
is a matter of tradition that these double
coasters on wheels were Invented by
George Washlngrton, and that the word
coaster thus used is also American.
table was often set with the dessert in
groups of pretty glasses and dishes, and
it deserved display, for the whips, sylla
bubs, trifles, quaking custards, creams
and floating islands were the skilled labor
of many hours, usually of the house mis
tress and her daughters:
There was another reason for the con
venience, of a narrow ,,table— there .was lit
tle waiting upon or serving airoeals, save
by the persons seated at the table. Men
of great wealth— the great land owners
in the South and ship owners in the North
—had butlers and waiters, usually ne
groes, often clumsy and Ill-trained; but
folk of ample means and bountiful table
helped one another at meals. Servants
placed the food upon the table, and some
times tho "help" then sat down at the
end of the long table. The host always
carved, placing his cuts one by one on the
pile of plates In front of him, which were
In turn passed down the table and sup
plied by each person with the vegetable
or sauce from the dish in front of him
until -all were served bountifully with all
on the table.
Wooden Trenchers and Pewter Plates.
Wooden trays and trenchers, ever the
cheap, cleanly and convenient table fur
nishing of pioneers, had disappeared with
the eighteenth century, before the domin
ation of pewter, save in rare instances,
as during the Revolution, when pewter
was melted into bullets, or during the
embargo in the nineteenth century, when
London pewter came little to American
ports. Then "trencher bees" were held,
where the young men made trenchers
from poplar wood and the young women
scraped them smooth with glass.
Pewter, too, was being thrust out. Con
servative folk like John Hancock hated
the clatter of china and clung to pewter.
It was thought that china dulled. the
edges of knives. The round platter, or
"charger," was used for serving boiled
meats long after pewter plates had dis
appeared. A "garnish or pewter" still
was a bridal gift in the country in 1801,
though china was used everywhere in the
city.
Sefore tho Revolution there began to be
imported to America from England many
pieces of a close-grained, creamy, opaque
ware, which was not china and seemed
smoother pottery, which was known as
"yellow ware" or Liverpool ware, and
nearly all of It was decorated in Liver
pool In black or red prints by a process
of transfer printing or pottery engraving
invented by one Sadler, a Liverpool en
graver. He had the notion of china print
ing suggested to him by seeing children
when at play in a doll's house decorate
their broken pieces of crockery by past
ing on .scraps of engravings which he had,
thrown aside. This yellow ware was very
highly prized for many years, and.
wealthy merchants and sea captains
brought pieces home as gifts. We find,
therefore, that many of the large pieces
of yellow ware found in America, such as
pitchers and mugs, are printed .with views
of ships and sailors, Masonic designs and
patriotic views relating to America. ;"
These pitchers are what are known as
the watermelon shape, and often hold
two or three gallons, whether they were
made in Liverpool or not, they were dec
orated there, as Sadler kept his process
a Becret, and Liverpool ware is their
name. They are much sought after by
collectors, and are usually about a cen
tury old. I have found but one that had
the Liverpool stamp on the base.
Tableware and Their Designs.
Other cream-colored ware were seen on
the table of 1801, chiefly the queensware,
whicn was made at Leeds. It is yellow
ish and was imported in some quantity
after the Revolutionary war: also a pure
white ware made at Leeds. Both are
found in basket or openwork wicker de
signs. Often these pieces are unmarked.
Some are marked "Leeds pottery" or "C.
G." (for Charles Green, one of the owners
of the pottery), also a "G" under a crown
and sometimes an arrowhead.
The Castleford wares came to this coun
try in considerable numbers, especially a
fine white ware, with surface divided into
compartments by raised lines ¦which were
colored green or blue. In these compart
ments are sometimes medallions of liberty,
the spread-eagle or other devices relating
to America.- These are usually unmarked.
Very rarely old pieces of salt-glaze ware
came here. These have a granulated sur
face something like orange peel. They
•were usually of pure "cream color, in
raised designs, standing on feet usually
designed like lions' heads. They were
cast i in molds < resembling the molds for
silverware. Sometimes the relief borders
were colored green or yellow. These aro
sometimes called Crouchware and were
imported more frequently to the Southern
States than to the Northern. .
Pieces of "black china," especially tea
pots, are often seen In old country homes.
The oldest are a 'kind, of red "pottery cov
ered with a black glaze. They look, al
most like black glass. They often have a
raised • design and sometimes have cay
colored flowers painted over this black,
Klassy surface. They are called In Kn*
land • "black decanter" and were made In
Jackfleld as early/ aa 1713. and In one or
two other ootterles.r "
BEREFT DELAWARE.
T OR the first time in the history of the Union a
State is left without any representation in the
1 Senate.
Addicks has made coed his threat, "Addicks or no
Senator.'' The State of Delaware is bereft of repre
sentation, but perhaps is just as well off as she wouVi
be with John Addicks sitting in one of her Senatorial
teats.
He is a very rich man who moved from Philadelphia
into Delaware with the avowed purpose of getting a
Senatorship. He has deadlocked two Legislatures,
but except his money has exhibited no merit that
has commended him to the State. By pursuing his
personal and selfish ambition he has deprived Deiu
ware of two Senators, and the Republican party of
two voles.
It would seem that his mere membership of the
party is damage enough to its good name, without
inflicting upon it deprivation of the strength to which
it is entitled in the Senate.
The continuing deadlock in Nebraska also involves
two feats in the Senate, and it will be a sorry com
mentary upon the loyalty and public spirit of the
Republicans of that State if personal ambition shall
bear the same fruits there as in Delaware. If 'it do,
i« will have a strong influence in sending the State
back to Bryan and Populism, a slough of despond
fiom which it was believed to have happily escaped
Four votes in the Senate may be very important to
the administration and the party, as well as to the
country, and the men who put their selfish interests
above all other considerations will not soon cease to
feel the righteous wrath of those they have betrayed.
The dining table used a century ago
was much narrower than that of the pres
ent day. It was a survival of the "tablet
board", of the early colonists, which was
simply a long, narrow, detached board
top laid on trestles shaped somewhat like
a fiawhorse. The tablecloth was then
called a "boardcloth." This narrow table
top was ample for the table furnishings
of the day. Our grandmothers did not
need the five feet of diameter which w©
now crverload • with a motley display of
linen, lace, silver, crystal, flowers and
confections. They had no flowers on the
table, and but rarely an epergne. or dish
with fruit. . There were no "individual"
pieces, save plates, knives, forks and usu
ally but not always glasses. Sometimes
a tankard circulated round the table.
There was always a' salt cellar, one of
goodly size; and by 1820 there was a cas
tor, which had been &een before that date,
but was not universally used. Benjamin
Franklin had cruet stands and castors. A
book of directions for fashionable dinner
giving, not yet fifty years old, begins the
chapter on table furnishing thus: "Be
sure to set the castor exactly in the mid
dle of the table."
At a formal tea party or dinner the
Such pieces are always old, and are
much sought after by collectors ana are
often found tipped with silver and with
silver lids. The other so-called "black
china" Is unglazed and dull of surface
and was made by many of the Stafford
shire potters. It was named by >v edg
wood, as ho perfected it, "black ba
saltes." Some of the finer pieces have
sliding lids or lids hinged on metal pins.
Pieces Imported From China.
A sudden and vast commerce sprung up
between America and China and was well
under way by 1S01. so that great quanti
ties of Oriental ware came to our ports.
The Chinese pieces found in greatest
quantity are old Canton and what Is
known to collectors as Lowestoft. The
Canton pieces are a thick and rather
clumsy war© of greenish or bluish white
ground, with blue figures of Oriental pat
tern. The marks or stamps on the under
side of the pieces are generally Chinese
letters or signs in bluo, of various mean-
Ings. The Oriental pieces known as
Lowestof t are so called from an errone
ous Impression which has been promul
gated to a moat remarkable extent that
these pieces were made or decorated in
Lowestof t, England. I have never seen a
piece that I believed, to be made In
TRACK GAMBLING SCHEMES.
WE are not^the only community in the Union
that is being subjected to the schemes of race
. track gambler^;. There has j recently been in
troduced into; the 'Pennsylvania; Legislature a bill
which the Philadelphia Public Ledger says "while
professedly for the purpose of regulating horse racing
and improving the breed of, horses is nothing more
than an attempt to legalize and encourage poolselling,
gambling and debauchery." •
The scheme which has been put forward in Pennsyl
vania is; so- much like ; that "which has been' worked
upon the people of San Francisco that it is worth not
ing as an< illustration of. how. thoroughly in harmony
the track gamblers aVc. The bill, which is entitled an
act to regulate horse racing, and to establish a State
Racing Commission, begins by declaring: • "The
breeding of valuable horses is a matter of public con
cern, and is best promoted __by regulating the times
and places, when and where, and the circumstances
under which, horse racing can.be legally held." That
much is said to hoodwink the public. The substance
of the bill is to" be found in a clause to this effect:
"It' shall be. unlawful for any- person or persons to
make or sell pools or to make a book or to bet upon
the result of any race except within the grounds of
any corporation or association licensed as hereinbe
fore provided."
Commenting upon the-bill and the proposed Racing
Commission the Public Ledger says: "The Commis
sioners are to serve without compensation, but it re
quires no wizard to foresee that the post of Racing
Commissioner is likely/to .become more lucrative than
the Governorship. The Commissioners, in the first
place, decide who shall have licenses to conduct gam
bling race meets; they, lay down the rules under which
the racing is to be carried on, and the licenses have to
be renewed yearly. In the exercise of their autocratic
power they. will, dealwith gamblers, -crooks,, and, in
a word, with the riff-raff of the community, who in
clude in their ranks s?mi-criminals and those who are
strongly predisposed to blackmailing and corruption.
We said that the bill was designed to legalize and
encourage gambling. • In fact, it appears to be an ac:
that will encourage the levying of blackmail, and the
Legislature, if it passes the bill, will create a commis
sion and a condition that will prove a great scandal."
The vigor with which the scheme has been de
nounced by the press el Pennsylvania is instructive to
us because it proves that the evil of track gambling
is as welLunderstood there as here. It is, in fact, in
herent in the very practice of gambling and does not
depend upon location or circumstances. As the Pub
lic Ledger puts it those who regulate gambling at
race tracks "deal with gamblers," crooks, and, in a
word, the riff-raff of the community, who include in
their ranks semi-criminals and those who are strongly
predisposed to blackmailing and corruption." - ¦
That is the sort of crowd that is to be brought to
San Francisco by the reopening of Ingleside. Tht
author of the track gambling ordinance in this city,
who announced his responsibility for it, will not be
envied when the full significance of his responsibility
becomes demonstrated by results that are sure to
follow.
. .-. • . u; _; 1 ..1
@3re *i^&^ ¦ <£aii*_
FRIDAY .....MARCH 15, 19 01
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
lii:tt% All Connsnieatioai t» W. 8- LEAKS, M»n»g«r.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pros* 201
PIBLICATIOX orFICE;..31.irkct and Third. S. F.
Telephone Pre^u 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone l'rc«« 202.
Delivered bjr Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Conic*. .*"» Cents.
Term* !>>- Mail. Including; l'oi<acci
DAILT CALL Onr'.udinff Fur.day). c» yenr J6.00
TAILT CALL <tnclu£!ns Fun.lay). 6 months 3.00
PAILY CALT, <inc!udins Bandar). 3 months l.r.O
PAILT CALL— Vy Single Month 6V;
ECXDAY CALL. One Year 1*9
WEEKLY CALL. One Year !•<*>
All postmaster:* are nnthorlied to receive
enbscriptinn*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall rjfc*crlber» la ordering change of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance wlth/thelr request.
OAKLAND OFFICE X11S Droadirar
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Ktntgtr ttttlgn A2r«rUii&£. Minjc-ttj Building, Chicago.
(Lour XHstacc* Telephone "Central 2618.")
KE"W YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX. ..Herald Square
NEW TORE REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Balldlns
NEW YORK NETS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A- Brentano, SI Union Eauare:
XTutray Hill Ilctr!.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bherman House : P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Krernont Hcusef Auditorium Hotel.
\VASHI5TGTO* (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., JT. W.
MORTON E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BB*\CH OFFICES — ZZl Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until ?;S0 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. K«3
McAllister, cpen until S:SO o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t:SO ©" clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2251 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1086 Valencia, open
scttl f o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. ICTV. cor
ner Twenty-semnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call
Strange and Costly Wares With Which the
People of a Century Ago Adorned
Their Tables.
By Alice Morse Earle,
NIAL. DAYS," Etc
AUTHOR OF "CHINA COLLECTING IN AMERICA," "HOME LIFE IN COLO-
COPYRIGHT, ISM.
IV.— TABLE FURNISHINGS.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON'S WORLD
OF LETTERS
More lovo letters!
They are by the lady who signs hersolf
"George Eserton," and appear to have
been written a lonff while ago. Nay,
more, they wero accepted by the pub
lisher and might have been out before
the letters about whose authorship there
has been so much mystery. "George
Egerton" calls the volume "Rosa Amo
rosa," and gives it thfe subtitle of "The
Love Letters of a Woman."
Mrs. Egerton Clalrmont, who Is "Georga
Egerton," Is now staying In Norway.
One curious feature in the changing
tastes of tho reading: public 13 how au
thors are turning their attention to the
garden, though they have won name and
fame by works of quite another sort.
Thus Miss Emily Lawless, whose novel
"Hurrish" has long been popular. Is now
writing a garden diary.
She is a Keen amateur gardener, and in
her book is giving her experiences of the
delights and sorrows of the garden.
Then Miss Jeanette Duncan Is writing
experiences and impressions of an Indian,
garden.
Both books will be published by ilessrs.
Methuen.
The eternal controversy about Juniua
will receive a fresh 1 impetus from the long
promised volume of correspondence en
titled "The Francis Letters," which
Messrs. Hutchlnson axe about to lssua.
The book will contain a note on tho
Junlus controversy by C. V. Keary.
Written by many members of the Fran
cis family, the letters cover a period of
nearly three-quarters of a century, be
ginning In 1750.
They give glimpses of the American col
onies on the eve of war with tho British
Government, of India under Warren Hast
ings and of London and Brighton In tho
time of the Prince Resent.
Miss Beatrice Harraden, the authoress
of "Ships That Pass In the Night." o£
which, by the way. It is understood that
eome 160,000 copies have been sold, ha$
just started upon her new novel. It.*
scene Is to be laid partly, at any rate, la
Norway, where the authoress saw a great
deal of the peasants' country last year. I
It Is not generally known that she broke
her leg near the ankle on a mountain ex
cursion, and the limb being badly s«t she
had to go to Chiistlania to have the heal
ing fracture rebroken In order to get her
foot straight, and was thus very much
longer in the country than she had an
ticipated.
She turned her enforced, stay to good
account.
Guy Boothbr, like many other success
ful novelists, is now turning his attention
to the stage, not In the direction of melo
drama, which one might imagine ha
would do from the nature of hh» works,
but to comic opera.
It is said that both the libretto and th«
music of the opera are in the hands of a
well known London manager with a view
to production at an early date.
Among other most recently complete*!
works which will be. published next sea
son Is one by Mrs. Henry Norman, enti
tled "The General; a Story of Society and;
War."
There is also a book coming: from Mrs.
R. Norman Sliver, tho authoress of "Hate
the I>estroyer." who has written a sensa
tional story of modern life, making use
of X-rays as the means of retting a se
cret.
The story will be published by Jarrold
& Sons.
Miss Mario Hay. who Is the pretty
daughter of the late Lord Dupplln, has
taken society by storm by publishing a
most beautiful book, entitled "Madame
.Dame IMane d© Poitiers, la Grande Sen
eschale de Normandie Lhichesso of Va
lentinois."
It is many years since any accurate his
tory of this fascinating personality haa
been published.
The volume Is beautifully grot up, print
ed and illustrated, and contains many de
tails of her life of an artistic and literary
nature. It has been most carefully com
piled from authentic sources only trace
able in rare books from facts whfch are
scattered through ponderous histories of
the sixteenth century.
MI33 Marie Hay Is shortly to produce
another Jbook, entitled "The Life of Gla
morgan." who was a member of the Beau
fort family.
of Jicr schemes in Manchuria, it is hardly likely she
can be actively fomenting further trouble for herself
in .thevBalkans. Still, there is; nip. telling what, may
he^going £>n in that distracted quarter of Europe, and
the Macedonian. Congress will be worth watching.
1 7 ASHINGTON CITY, has of late become noteil
\Aj .for something more than 'Congress. Visitors
.' to the place no longer, look upo.n it asa.mcr:
hotel and boarding-house. annex to the Capitol. It
lias become a city and is being criticised; as such, but
the criticisms are not altogether favorable. :
Upon the occasion of the inauguration of President
McKinlcy last week many thousands of people-went
to Washington to see the sights and share in the pub
lic rejoicings upon the beginning of a second terra
of four years of prosperity. Most of them appear to
have been jarred by their reception; for. since their
return home our Eastern exchanges have been marked
by, the number of communications protesting against
Washington manners and Washington extortion.
The extortion is what seems to have "hit them hard-'
cst." One of them, writing' to the New York Sun.
says:
The national capital may not be up with New York as
a commercial center, hut in hotel enterprise I think a
glance at the following list of prices for two persons for
two days of tlie-Inausuration ceremonies may i>e instruc
tive. One room at the Rises House for two people must
be taken for a week, charges $175; at the Shoreham for
one week, $20 a day: the Metropolitan, $50 to $75 for /four
days; the Ebbitt, flO a day for one week; at t,he Wlllard,
five days, J10 a day.
Such charges are evidence that Washington City .
understands that the country is prosperous and that
the people have money to burn. It is clear, however,
that if those prices are to prevail it will\be cheaper
for the republic to hold inauguration ceremonies in
San Francisco, since patriots from the remotest East
could come here, spend a week and get back home
for less than is required to pay a hotel bill for two
days at Washington. Several authorities" estimate that
there were expended for the inauguration parades and
festivities upward of $4,000,000. There are doubtless
many cities in the Union that would undertake the
show for half the money. •
'The manners of Washington appear to have struck'
the visitors in much the same way as the hotel prices.
It is said the manners arc very high and have a foreign
flavor. One writer who seems to have made a- deep .
stud}' of the subject says there has centered in Wash
ington a large number of wealthy people of leisure
who, having never acquired at home any. settled social,
convictions or any formal code of etiquette, have in
their new location adopteu the manners, modes and
precedents of the foreign Embassadors and Ministers.
Thus the society of the capital has a manner which
irritates the visitor whether from Maine or from Kan
sas, and he feels that he is not at home even when he
can slap his Senator on the back and call him "old
hoss."
This student of Washington society says:
The American "smart set," who have to a o>gree
taken possession of Washington, "dearly love a lord."
Their functions must no»- open with the presence of the
Right Honorable Lord Pauncefote and family, and there
after pursue a gilded course down through a series of en
tertajnments whereat the foreign embassies provide the
most cherished guests. The President of the United
States and his Cabinet and those concerned In the legisla
tive branches of the Government of the greatest nation
In the world are but lightly regarded in comparison. They
have and can have no established and lasting social state
after the European models, because republicanism means
change and unsettlement, equality of opportunity and no
monopoly of privilege. Here officialdom is a shifting and
unsatisfactory Quantity. Officers of the navy and army
come neaVer to meeting this demand of "society," and so
are more hjghly regarded.
Such arc the echoes that roll around the land after
the uproar of the inauguration. There is nothing in
all of these statements which need annoy Washington.
In a country so big as this there is room for all kinds
of cities and all sorts of folks. Since Chicago does
kowtow to a pork packer, New York to a stockbroker,
Philadelphia to a sleepwalker and Boston to a lyceum
lecturer, there is no reason why Washington should
not go into raptures over a man who attends repub
lican levees in a court dress. It is only in San Fran
cisco that we can expect to find at all seasons fair
hotel charges and a society based upon genuine worth.
In its new development Washington promises to be a
very interesting city, and, despite all that captious
critics may say, the people may be sure there will be
always there some place where meals can be had for
two bits, and manners to suit the customers.
WASHiNGTON AND ITS WAYS.
THE SAN FRANC1SCO V CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 15; 1901.
Odd Tableware of a Century Ago.
AT HOTEL DEL CORONADO the teaion Is
bow on at -full tide. American and Kurop-a Q
plan*. Best of everything Including the caar
acter at entertainment. Apply 4 Ntw Mont«3m
ery at., city, tor ipeclal tjeket.
: "That girl." said the dentist, "must
work In a restaurant."
. "Why so?", asked the next customer
looking after the retreating figure
"Because," replied the D. D. s "the
first thing she said when she came In
was 'Draw one.' f— Philadelphia Bulletin.
6
"HOLE IN THE LUNGS
There are thousands of men
and women, as well as ever,
with holes in their lungs : con-
sumption stopped.
What did it?
Some change in way of life
and Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil.
A hole in the lungs, once
healed, is no worse than a too-
tight waist or waistcoat. Take
the emulsion and give it a
chance to heal the wound.
We'll send yon a little to try, tf ym, \^ e
SCOTT & BOWNE. ,09 P ear i Jtrestf Nnr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Orjiheuro— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Around the World In Eighty Days."
Grard Opera-house — Sembrlch Oper* Company, March IS.
Alcazar — "The Last Word."
Columbia— "The Highwayman."
Alhambra— "L'nder Sealed Orders."
Tivci:— "Wizard cf the Nile."
Central — "Captain Impudence."
Central— Benefit performance Thursday night, March 21.
California— "The Telephone Girl."
Oljn:pla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.!
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Race*.
Tanforan Park — Haces.LOS ANGELES. March 14.— Henry Tib
betts, aped 76 years. Is dead as the result
of a wound received while brushing his
clothes. He carried a small screwdriver
in his vest pocket and inflicted a slight
cut on his hand while brushing the gar
ment. Blood poisoning: set In, causing: his
death.
Screwdriver Causes Death.
CLOVERPORT, Ky., "March H—Th©
bursting: of a natural gas pipe at midnight
started a tire that destroyed property
worth half a million dollars. The greater
part of this little town was completely
wiped out and over a thousand persons,
about one-half the population, are home
less and were in great distress until a
special relief train from Louisville reached
here. The heaviest loser la the American
Tobacco Company, which lost two large
stemmeries and 1,000,000 pounds of tobac
co. The company's loss has not been es
timated Bucket brigades were formed
and men and women alike fought the
flames valiantly, but to no purpose. Ex
hausted women and children huddled in
little groups wherever shelter could be
found from the biting cold of the night
and early morning. Neighboring towns
were asked for assistance in lighting the
fire, but before it could be rendered the
high wind had swept the flames through
the place, making the devastation com
plete.
As soon as the management of the Lou
isville, Henderson and St. Louis Railroad
learned that hundreds of people were
homeless they ordered every available
coach .between Louisville and Henderson
hurried to Cloverporf, and in these the
unfortunates will, fo» the time being,
make their homes. The management also
sent 5000 loaves of. bread and other food.
Not a store was left in town where a
mouthful of food could be obtained. Ad
jutant General Murray telegraphed that
500 tents had been dispatched from Frank
fort, and the authorities at Louisville
wired that a tralnload of relief supplies,
quickly gathered, would leave at noon.
At noon the fire was still burning In
Bpots, but little is left for It to devour, the
few remaining houses being scattered and
away from the business and residence
Bection of the town. There were a few
minor accidents, but so far as known no
one was seriously injured.
Burst Pipa Starts* a Fire
Which Devastates Hun
dreds of Homes.
GAS EXPLOSION
WIPES OUT TOWN
The first gold pens were made by hand
In 1S40 rn tho city of New York. .
DENIED A LANDING.-In the matter of
the application of two Chinese mailers en board
the John Currier to I*r:d Port Collector Strat
ton refuted to errant the application on the
jrround that the <?hlne*se rsllors had failed to
jirove to bis EaticfacUcn thai they were na-.
Uvcs of lit v.s.:'..
I Conference.
The members of the Pacific Commercial
Museum and the Sausalito commuters
have reached an agreement concerning
the space that was desired by both parties
in the ferry building. A conference took
place yesterday in the ferry building,
which -was attended by Harbor Commis
sioner Paris Kilburn, President Irving M.
Scott of the Commercial Museum and
General Dickinson, representing the Sau
salito commuters.
It was made clear that there was room
enough In the building for the museum
and for the commuters. After gome dis
cussion of the situation an agreement
was reached which will leave the commut
ers the space that they have had at the
north end of the building; with a little
curtailment, and will Rive the museum
space farther south. The fence that tha
museum erected will be moved. This ar
rangement will avoid crowding tho com
muters together on the lower floor of the
building. It is reported by Commissioner
Kilburn to be 'jatisfactory to all parties.
MUSEUM AND COMMUTERS
BEACH AN AGREEMENT
Satisfactory Allotment of Space In
Ferry Building as Result of
If every mortgage is to be treated solely
se an interest In the land and not as Inde
pendent property or ¦ credit It must follow
that the rr.ortsase •« exempt when the land
is exempt. . As has been rhoun above the Su
preme < v-urt has eaid much that would seem
to justify no other conclusion. But there has
|je#>n no ca»e before the Supreme Court In
which the question Involved was the exemp
tion of a mortgage by reason of the exemp
tion cf the property noi tgaged. And the Ger
mar.ia Trust an4 affiliated cases are distin
guishable upon the ground that they ail In
volved the question of double taxation. To
tf,x both the bond" involved and tne property
noitgaged es security therefor would place
a double burden of taxation upon the eame
I il l ¦Mill*, and to avoid this the court held that
The l«>r.ds n-ere an interest In the property tor
purpoties of taxation arid could not. therefore,
he taxed. Where, however, the property Itself
in not taxed this principle would not reason
ably apply.
Th» »jLicstlcn la one that ie not free from
Coubt. hut what doubt there may be should
he resolved ir. favor of an assessment and
taxation of inurtea^ts upon church property,
It bring wlth::t the power of those otherwise
r-lvisfd to protect themi^lves by payment un
£'.T proujit.
In the rpn*TaJ provision that aJl property
Fha!l be taxed to be overthrown by what ap
pear* to be a rule «>f procedure as to the
method of taxation and which was not in
tended to rive exemption to any property, but
to maJce certain that the owner of the prop
eity ehould be t«.X"l tor hl« Interest In the
property only and the owner of the mortgage
for his mcrte&ge interest therein distinctly
and separately? Th»*2 ar* questions which
:'.." Supreme Court must pass upon and decide
adversely to taxation before I shall regard It
bf the law that such rfortgages are not tax
able property.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion with
'At-sessor Dodge yesterday In which he ad
vises that mortgages upon church proper
ty are taxable, though the constitutional
amendment recently adopted exempts
from taxation church property upon
which there is no Hen. In his opinion Mr.
Lane say*:
Unincumbered Portions Are
Exempted.
MORTGAGES ON CHURCH
SITES ABE TAXABLE
City Attorney Lane Holds That Only
POLO EXPERTS TO TLJL.Y
AT BUELINOAME TO-DAY
Champions of Europe to Contest With
Local Experts — Game Scheduled
for This City.
A large delegation of local society peo
ple will Journey to Burlingame this after
noon to see the polo game between tha
Hurlingham and Burlingame teams.
These teams were to have played In Gold
en Gate Park on Wednesday last, but ow
ing to the soft condition, of the ground,
the Commissioners asked lor a postpone
ment of the match. The public, however,
will have an opportunity to see the two
crack teams in action, as they will play
In the people's playgrounds on Monday
afternoon.
The ponies and trappings will be shlppel
up here on Sunday and be in readiness for
the game the following day. The contest
this afternoon will be aji exciting one
The Hurllnghajn team Is the foremost in
England and now holds the championship
of Europe. So excellent was its perform
ance that the team was sent to Paris and
challenged all comers. Tiring of victories
across the water, the team came to Cali
fornia to try conclusions with the crack
players of Burlingame. The following
well-known players will take part in the
series: :
Hurlinghara team— Lawrence McCreery, F. O
Menzlea. F, Jay Mackey and Walter McCreery.
Burlinpame team-Chai les Dunphy, Joseph S.
Tobin. Thomas A. Orlscoll and Walter S.
Hobart- .it:-:
NEW YORK, March 14.-Andrew Car
negie himself does not know exactly how
much money he has given away.
Here is a recently published synopsis,
which is not far from correct: Trust fund
for pensions for Carnegie workmen. $4,000.
000; trust fund for free libraries in Home
stead, Braddock and Duquesne Pa
».000 000: educational institutions in Amer
ica. S<.I50.000: Carnegie libraries in Ameri
can cities. $7,126,000; libraries and schools
Jnft f.S^l? 1 "^ 11 * 235 '* 51 miscellaneous
gifts, J4.42S.2OO. Total, $24,904,865.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Andrew Carnegie Ignorant
of Amount He Spsnds
on Philanthropy.
DOES NOT KNOW
VALUE OF GIFTS
The Injured: Mrs. Mary Dehrer. severe
ly burned about feet, legs and neck; Far
fell Murray, burr.rd about hands, arms
nr.d face; Fireman McCue of the Brooklyn
¦water tower, cut about hands and arms by
/ailing glass.
MRS. RANTIO. aged <5
Farrell Murray, a moiorman, was badly
burned while earning Mrs. MJiry Dehrer
through smoke- end flames from the fourth
floor to the roof. The dead:
MARY MADDEN. 67 years old. a widow.
GEORGE RANTIO, 12 years old.
A woman and a 12-ycar-old boy, crazed
fcy fear. Jumped from ihe fourth and third
Ftory windows, respectively, and were
killed. The mother of the boy was burned
to death in her auaxtments.
NEW YORK. March 11.— Three persons
¦»<»re killed and three injured early to-day
Jn a fire that drove flfiv tenants In panic
from the five-story tenement house. 270
Atlantic avenue. Brooklyn, and partly de
stroyed the building.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
Three Are Killed and Three
Injured in Tenement
Conflagration. .
PANIC AND DEATH
IN FIERCE FIRE
WASHINGTON, March 14.—
Colonel William C. Sanger cf
New York was appointed As
sistant Secretary of War to
day and immediately enterel
Tipon the discharge of the duties of h*K
office. His commission was made out at
the War Department this morning an;l
was signed by tne President during the
forenoon. Soon afterward Colonel San
cer appeared at the War Department and
was immediately ushered into the private
office cf Secretary Root. There, in tba
presence of Lieutenant General Miles and
Chief Clerk SchoJIeld. he subscribed tj
DIAZ IS NOT DYING,
SAYS. AN ACQUAINTANCE
DENVER CLERGYMAN
CONCLUDES TO REMAIN
Mexican President's Health Is Ro
ported Good, but El Paso People
Discredit the Information.
EL. PASO. Tex.. March 14.— To-day a
dispatch was received from a banker at
Cuernavaca, Mexico, where President
Diaz is sojourning for his health, which
says there is no truth in the report that
the President is in a dangerous condition
or that the end is near. The writer say;*
he saw Diaz last evening and his health
is good.
The information contained in the dis
patch is not generally credited here and
an El Paso afternoon paper says edi
torially to-day: "We are inclined to be
lieve that the closest friends and sup
porters of President Diaz are trying to
conceal the President's real condition in
the en'deavor to avoid trouble and to pro
pare for what mus:' be the inevitable
issue— the death of the ruler. It is also
likely tUst there is a large amount of
intrigue and • even plots that savor of
treason among certain portions of the
upper classes of the people, while it is
unlikely that there would be much if any
assistance to be gained from the masses
of the people."
The Rev. Robert Coyle, Formerly of
Oakland, Will Not Go to a Los
Angeles Church.
DENVER, March 14.— Rev. Robert F.
Coyle, who startled the congregation of
the Central Presbyterian Church last
Sunday by resigning, his position as pas
tor, has been prevailed upon to reconsider
his decision and to remain in Denver. He
will announce his determination to stay
in his pulpit next Sunday.
During the week Dr. Ooyle has had a
large number of visits from his parish
loners, all of whom assured him of their
approval of his methods of conducting
the church and of their personal favor
and desire to co-operate with him in his
work, and all of whom begged of him not
to carry Into effect his decision to accept
a church in Los Angeles. These calls
were not without their effect upon Dr.
Coyle and his wavering desire not to go
became a fixed purpose last night, when
at a meeting of the elders of the church
ail the differences and misunderstandings
between pastor and people were cleared
up. Mr. Coyle came to Denver from Oak
land five months ago.
GRAVE WILL BE HERE
IF BODY IS FOUND
Captain Ward's Brother Says There
Was No Dispute About Posses
sion of the Remains.
DENVER, March 14.-C. E. Ward,
brother of Captain William Ward of the
steamship Rio de Janeiro, returned to his
home hero last night after an absence of
three weeks, during which time he en
gaged actively in efforts to locate the
steamer and recover the bodies of the
victims.
"There was no dispute as to the posses
sion of the body or my brother in the
event of its recovery," said Mr. Ward.
"There was a woman in San Francisco
who said that she wanted the body burled
there if it was found. Her wishes will bo
respected. My brother, John Ward of
Raleigh. N. C, arrived in San Francisco
a few days ago and he will remain there
for a month to take charge of tha body
in case It Is found."
While the New York Senators had been
disposed to oppose Colonel Sanger, the/
realized that the assistant to a Cabinet
officer should be in harmony with b!a
chief and they decided not to carrv their
opposition any further. Colonel Sanger's
confirmation by the Senate will not be
opposed by them. •
The New York Senators. Platt and Depew.
called uj>on the President this morning and for
the first time Colonel Sanger"s appointment as
Assistant Secretary of War was referred to.
Having gone over the matter fully with the
Secretary of War, they decided to offer no op
position to Colonel Saneer's appointment.
Some time before the expiration of the last
administration and before the reappolntment of
the Cabinet, Assistant Secretary Melklejohn
notified the President that, by reason of his
candidacy for the Senate, the long canvass at
tending it and the necessity that there should
be an assistant secretary who could be present
in Washington to perform the duties of the of
fice, he was unwilling to permit his name to *e
considered for reappolntment. William Carey
danger has. accordingly, been appointed and
will immediately enter upon the discharge of
his duties.
Senators Platt and Depew of New York
called at the White Hou?e to-day and
were with the President one hour. When
they left the following statement was
made in connection with their visit:
The following official statement was
made by the Secretary of War this after
noon in regard to the appointment:
the regulation oath of office. In it he
stated his residence as Sangerfield. N. Y.
The new Assistant Secretary Is a guest
at the house of Secretary Root and tho
two took luncheon there this afternoon.
Acording to an arrangement made in the
meeting Colonel Sanger at once took for
mal possession of the office of Assistant
Secretary and was introduced to the
bureau chiefs and all other principal offi
cers of the department. Later he was
presented to the President by Secretaiy
noot.
COLONEL WILLIAM C. SANGER,
APPOINTED ASSISTANT SECRE
TARY OF WAR.
NEW YORK, March 14.— "William Mar
coni of wireless telegraph fame arrived
here to-day, a passenger on the White
Star line steamship Majestic from Liver
pool. He will probably go to Washington
in a day or so to consult with the authori
ties there concerning the Introduction of
his system info the United States navy.
He said to a Call reporter that his plans
were rather indefinite and he could not
announce his programme.
One of the principal objects of his visit
is to establish stations on the American
coast for the purpose of signaling incom
ing vessels. Had the Mafconl system been
in use at this port, for instance, it. would
have been possible for the approach of
the Majestic to have been announced
while she was 200 miles out at sea.
It mleht also have been used by the
Rio de Janeiro. If a wireless telegraph
message could have been sent instantly
to an intelligent operator at the life-sav
inpr station, instead of having to rely upon
steam whistles and a stupid fellow like
lookout Mark Ellingsen. assistance might
have gone to the Rio de Janeiro in time
to have saved some lives at least. And
had Captain Ward been able to announce
by wireless message to the Pacific Mail's
officers his ship's approach to the Golden
<Jate he would not have been so eager to
steam up to the docks, for It was his anx
iety to report the arrival of his overdue
steamer that caused the disaster.
Mr. Marconi said that the United States
was slower in adopting the wireless tele
graph than were England and other Euro
pean countries. He declared he could not
at present tell where stations, in this coun
try would be established. He remarked
that he had many business Interests to
attend 1o in the United States and that
he would make no' experiments, as the
workings of the system were now defl-~
nitely established and he Is able to signal
vessels at a distance of 200 miles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will Probably, However, Go to Wash
ington to Consult on the Intro
duction of His System
in the Navy.
Marconi on His Arrival
Says That He Has Not
Any Set Plans.
WIRELESS WIZARD
IS IN AMERICA
SANGER GAINS POSITION
IN SPITE OF OPPONENTS
New Assistant Secretary of War Triumphs
Over Antagonism of New York Senators.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 15,-1901.
7
VAUDEVILLE'S VERY BEST.
Bunth and Rudd Co.. Mr. and Mrs. Mark Mur-
phy. Beatrice Moreland and Company, Les
Trols Freres Maeagno, Wilson and Waring.
Katherlne itlomieood, Johnny Johns, the
Great American Biograph and
PAPINTA H
Reserved seats, 23c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box Beats, EOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
*T!VOLi*
EVENHSG3 AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT 2.V
LAST NIGHTS! LAST NIGHTSt
"SEE HIM BEFORE HE SKIPS OVER THE
HOT SANDS."
WIZARD
% E MLE!
March 18— "THEJVEDDING DAY."
POPULAR PRICES 23c and Me
Telephone— Bush 9.
Every Evening— Matinee To-morrow— Saturday.
She Is Clever, Lovely, Charming— "THE
TELEPHONE
\J( 1 r\ Lmd* —ALL NEXT WEEK
The Members of Her Company Are All Artists,
Including
y- « «-» « f WHO ARE PRETTTt
ClIr^LS WHO CAN DANCE!
V *" VE -*^ WHO CAN SING!
Evening 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c, 91.
Matinee 25c, 30c, 75c.
SEATS NOW READT.
HS&SrSH?
.....LAST THREE NIGHT8
MATINEES TO-MOKROW AND SUNDAT.
Augustin Daly's best comedy,
ThetastWord
Next Week— The New York Madison Square
Theater Farce Hit,
THE PROPER CAPER.
RACES_ Ti S 1N
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
Week March 11 to 16, six high-class races
each day.
Saturday. GREAT CALIFORNIA DERBT.
- WATCH FOR TO-MORROWS AD.
First race dally at 2:10 p. m. Trains from
Third and Townsend. 7. 10:40, 11:80 a. m., 12M0.
1, 1:30, 2 p. m. Returning, leave track 4:15 and
thereafter at short intervals. Rear cars re-
served for ladles.
(DT Week of March 18, SEVERAL BIG EVENTS
ADMISSION. INCLUDING R. R. PARE, $1 25.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER. Racing Secretary.
CHUTES AND_Z00
BIO VAUDEVILLE . BILL.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON
JUVENILE PERFORMERS MATINEE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
BIG CAKEWALK.
COMMENCING SUNDAT,
- LEAH MAT,
The Tallest "Woman in the World.
Telephone for Seata. Park 23.
WBiifcfcCi $1.00 perYesr
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
I am positive that this is the best Toilet Soap ever made. I Icnow it because it is the result of a long series of experiments to secure
the best at any cost. I know that it will soften the roughest skin, that it will cure chapped hands and lips in a single night, and I know that
mothers will say it is just what baby's delicate body needs. If your hands are rough, try it ; if you have facial blemishes, try it ; if you have
dandruff, try it ; if you wish your skin to be soft as velvet, try it. It is absolutely free from those poisonous animal fats from which most
toilet soaps are made. It does not contain one atom of those destructive alkalies Which burn, torture and irritate the skin.
I am offering this Soap to the public at the price of 15 cents for a large cake, and 5 cents for a trial cake.
Those who have tried my remedies — my Cold Cure, my Rheumatism Cure and my other specifics for various diseases — will not as1c
any further indorsement of this Soap than that the name of Munyon is stamped upon it.
Mv remedies mav be haH at all drup' stores, mostlv 2^ cents, or Twentv-sixth and Broadway, New York city. — MUNYON.
ADVEBTISEKLENTS.
GRAND' OPEF?A HOUSE
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Last Three Nights of the Gorgeously Beautiful
Spectacle,
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
PRICES s 10c. 13c. iZc and Mo
Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c. Good
Reserved Seats In Orchestra at all Matinees.
25c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
MONDAY EVENING— SEMBRTCH GRAND
OPERA COMPANY.
SEMBRFCH.
SEATS NOW ON SALE AT BOX-OFFICE.
First Appearance In San Francisco.
SEMBRICH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction of C. L. GRAF.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
COMMENCING MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
Two weeks, with performances, first week,
on Monday and Wednesday evenings and Satur-
day afternoon. Second Tuesday and Thursday
evenings and 9aturda7 afternoon.
REPERTOIRE, first week. Monday evening—
"The Barber of Seville" ; Wednesday evening.
"La Traviata"': Saturday afternoon, "Don
Pasquale." Second week— "Faust," "Lucia."
"Pagllaccl," "Rigoletto." etc.
MADAME SEMBRICH TVILL SINO AT
EVERY PEIlFORMANCE.
PRICES— Orchestra, J3 and J3: Dress Circle.
J3 and J3: Family Circle. 12 and »1 60; Gallery
(not reserved), {1.
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
...TO-DAY...
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
performances at 2:30 and 8 p. m. dally.
NORRIS €r ROWE'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
LAST PERFORMANCE NEXT SUNDAT.
300— PERFORMING ANIMALS— 300
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
In the World.
Elephants, Zebras. Goats. Sea Lions. Ponies.
Monkeys, Dcgs, Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First time In this city of Mr. Winston and h!s
wonderful school of EDUCATED SEALS, the-
most marvelous animal act In the world.
HERR SETTLER, the famous German animal
trainer, and his small Clown Elephant
Seat sale opens at Pavlllcn To-day at 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS. *5c: CHILDREN. 10c,
; Phone South 720.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
TO-MORROW AT 3:13 P. M..
LAST RECITAL.
MME. TERESA
CARRENO,
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST.
Reserved seat.-. V 00. $1 CO and $1 CO. On sa!«
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
11 A I fl n r These hotels po3-
I ALAuL sess the attributes
1 ™^ riWi " t hat tourists and
pnfl travelers appreciate
UlIU —central location,
PDA KID liberal manage-
U II A ill) - meat, modern ap-
IBfiTCI 0 pointments and
HU I hLb,
Sail FranClSCO. ropean plans.
DR. W0SQ WOO TEA AMD HERB 8ANITASIT7X.
76t-7S9 CLAY 3TKEET.
£San Francisco, Dec. 24, 1300.
To all whom It may concern:
In December. 1899. I was taken
sick with Black Typhoid Fever,
the most virulent tvpe known
to medical science. I had hem-
orrhages, both r.;i3al and Intes-
tinal, eight of the latter occur-
lng In one day. Dr. Wong
Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
sician, was called, and with one- close of hH
tea stopped the flow of blood, thereby saving
my life, as I had been given up by my white
physician, as well as by all my frlenda. Was
unconscious four we«ks. but by Dr. Wonsr Woo's
wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation In six months from the time t went t(»
bed. and now I weigh 102 pound*, more than I
had «ver attained previously. I wou!<1 cheer-
fully recommend Dr. Wong Woo to any one in
need of a first-class physician for any cause
whatsoever.— RALPH X. FOLKS. S13 Golden
Gate ave.. San Francisco, Cal.
1A/. T. HESS.
K0TARY PO3LI3 *H3 ATT3SSiir.Af-I,l-».
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Ppreckelsi Btdff.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell,
Ean Francisco.
Tr OttXfi CITY MALL
Phone South 532.
TO-NIGHT, and Saturday and Sunday Eves.
MATINKES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Last Performances of the Patriotic Drama,
CAPTAIN
IMPUDENCE.
A Picturesque Romance of the Days of 1846,
During the Invasion of Mexico by Our Troopa.
PDirEC Kvenlncs........lOc, 15c, 35c, 50c
I ftlLCJ Matlneea lOc. 15c, 25o
NEXT WEEK-Don Bouclcaulf* Great
Drama. "COLLEEN BAWN." JAME3 M.
WARD as Myles Na Coppaleen.
BBLASCO & TH ALL'S
CENTRALJflEATER.
THURSDAY NIGHT, March 21, 1901
BENEFIT
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. WIDOWS
AND ORPHANS OF ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OP THE
S.S. RIO DEJANIERO
Given Under the Auspices of th»
MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL ASSO-
CIATION No. 85.
Tickets - - One Dollar.
fl* A B I IM D I A SAM FRANCISCO'S
UUsLUlYljSlA LEADING THEATRE
Every Night, including: Sunday. Mat Saturday.
AN ASSURED HIT 1
DB KOVEN and SMITH'S
Moat Successful Opera,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
Together with the World's Greatest Dancer,
LA LOIE FULLER,
PRESENTING THE GRANDEST EBTECT8
EVER SHOWN!
In "Tho Archangel" and "The Tempest"
PRICES-25C to $1 60.
Bex and Loge Seats, $2 and $2 50.
Beginning Next Monday — Second Week,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN" and
LA LOIE FULLER.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING.
MAT.-TO-M0RROW-9ATURDAY.
STAMPED WITH THE SEAL OF SUCCESS.
UNDER THE
SEALED romantic
ORDERS C0MEDY -
PRICES:
IBc. 25c, 35c, COc. .
Next— Sunday afternoon, March 17, tha bis
New York sensation.
(SOMETHING NEW AND NOVEL.) .
"THE ANGEL OF THE ALLEY.".
RACING! RACING! RACING I
1900— WINTER MEETING— 1901. ~
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or sbiaa.
. Five or more races each. day.
Races start at 2:15 p. ra. sharp. •
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at U m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last I two cars on train ¦ reserved far
ladles and their escorts; no smoklsjr. ~ Buy your
ferry tickets ' to Shell Mound. , All trains via
Oakland mole conneot with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak"
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. ¦ These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave tho track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
* R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
mcp|IpD»C CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUnJBtn O Adml«s.ion lOc.
Flechtl's Tyrolean Troupe, Eg-ry, Irene Kober,
George - Sisters, Trlxeda. the Leons, Chester,
Matt Keefe and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra, Reserved
Beats, 25c. Matinee Sunday. ,. ,
*. TWTTR V, TA V. MTfl.
f\f f Iff
# a e & JL JLrf L^aZ3© o o
Why Suffer From This Dreadful Disease, When
Science Has Conquered It?
Nearly one thousand permanent cures have baen
made here in your midst. Over nVe hundred in the city
of San Francisco alone; business men of tne first rank,
some of whom you may know, and who for the sake of
suffering humanity are willing to be privately in-
terviewed.
There is nothing: to dread; the treatment is faultless;
no surgery, caustics, ligature or salves, and no. delay
from business.
ANY CASE. NO MATTER HOW SEVERE OR OF HOW
LONG STANDING, no matter how many salves you may
have tried (for they are all delusions), can be perma-
nently cured in a very short while if scientifically
treated by a skilled PHYSICIAN.
For further evidence and particulars
Address PHYSICIAN, Box 1950, Gall Office.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
(Save the Number.)LIVERPOOL,
Wheat— . May, July.
Opening 6 H 6 M.
Closing .*..• 6 H 6 H
PARIS.
Wheat— ¦ r March. May-Aug
Opening .'.. Holiday.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March ,H—CATTLE-Recetpts.
7500, including 250 Texans; steers, steady to
strong: butchers' stock active, stronger; Tex
ans, shade higher; good to, prime steers, $4 90
66; poor to medium, J3 6504 80; stockers and
feeders, $2 75® 4 50; cows, J2 65@4 35;. heifers
12 70@4 70: canners, t2$2 60; bulls, weak to 10c
lower, $2 60®4 25: calves, $4 50@6: ¦ Texas ¦: fed
steers, $4iff5: Texas gra*a steers, $3 35<g'4; Texaa
bulls. $2 60ff3 75. -
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 22,000: to-morrow,
20,000; left over, 5000; opened 6c higher, closing
weak: top, $5 80: mixed . and butchers, $5 50©
6 SO; good to choice heavy. $5 62%4@5 77%; rough
heavy, $5 50<g6 60; light, $5 47H@5 70; bulk of
sales, $5 fififiD SO.
SHEEP-Receipts, 8000; sheep, strong to 10c
higher: lambs, 6c to 10c higher: yearlings, up
to $5 10; good, to choice wethers. $4 40© 4 SO"
fair to choice mixed, U@t 50; Western sheep'
$4 40^4 80; native lambs, {! 75@5 40; Western
lambs, {5 10@5 40.
Nezu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Marrh 14.-The downward
movement continues in copper eircles abroad
to-day's cables indicating a further loss of
12s 6d under liquidation, with ; the market
Hnally weak in tone at £68 15s, this being the
lowest figure reached since December, 1899
The local situation was featureless, with prices
On the basis of $17 for lake and |16 62>£ for
casting. - Tin was - somewhat depressed to-day
by unfavorable reports from London, prices
there closing at a decline of 5s to £117 5 S
but trading locally was on very conservative
lines.- The close here was quiet at $26 25. Lead
displayed little of Interest and prices were un-
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
tivity and variety in the laFt half hour of to
day's rtock market than during any other
I'crioc! of the session. A buoyant rise in the
Krie stocks, led by the second preferred and
fullow^d up by the other coalers, caused a
•¦ovrr'.ng movement amons the shorts ail
around the room and a smart rise In prices.
The bears rallied their forces and raided stocks
h< re and tiicre sufficiently 10 check the ad
vance Eiii unsettle the clcse. The advance In
Krie second preferred in the final bulge was
4'j and the othT coalers rose between 1 and 2
flints in sympathy. The St. Paul dividend
Increase sw-m«>d 10 fa!l flat on the market.
*i*Tie *»jcp»cta tion "f the afternoon action had
h»"!d tta market in check all through the day.
The ttock was run uit 2 points during the
morniSC but when the increase in the divi
dend was announced selling to realize wiped
our all but a small fraction of the rise. It
loofc* s '3 as though the heaviness in St. I*aul
wouM carry down the whole market until the
ris* in the Eri<*s stiffened the tone. For the
rest of the day th" market was rather dull
• nd narrower than ufu*1 of late. It
fvmtinued to be checked by the movement
of sr>»»cialtWi. The Southwestern railroad
ft-xks continued in large demand on the gen
*ryl ground of th* prosperity of that region of
tV cour.try an<l the »-xpectatif.n of a coming
¦n,»1j«»i«tli»i r,f irnportant railroad properties
tJiT^ Th* Wr^>at-h securities came to . th.;
fr^nt in the BMNaott and were bought on a
ray large *r a i<». Many of the minor ratl
road prorert'.es cnntir,u»4 unusually oonsplcu
mjf on the tircfessed belief in their coming ab
su»»si<H»rj" VanrjerMlt lin^s were included In
th!« movement tr-dav. Th*re was large real
ising colng on under cover of the points of
*tr»r.cth and tr.any stocks which advanced re
acted on protlt -taking during the course of the
««¦'. Am?lS8ma-ed Copr»»r after oarly weak
n-^r- turned strong, closing with a net gain
pf 1\. Contincr.tal Tobacro preferred rose
3%. Th* 1 ront!nuf-rt ease of call money. In
spite of tii* calling of some loans, quieted ap
fT*h"Pi if*n on the score cf money rates. .
ITmlm — In railroad hondn continues verj'
Isrcp. but rroflt-takfnr in the speculative, is
fii^f r-Rvi-rA R-m» irregularity In to-day's prlc
raorement. Trtal sales. JS.MS.OQO. United
ftst»s ref undine twos, the threes and new
f^urs advanced 14 per cent on the laet call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
2**.2f<0 Atchison ..................»*••.'........ h%
rr.TOO Atchison rr"fd 92«»
3.r/(i Haltimoro & Ohio B2»i
rro Canadian Pacific 90
4. Iff* ("ana<5a 18
16,r/«A Ch«sapeak« & Ohio.. 4«»
;«.jivi CniroKo Orcat Western 2-*»i
».«oo <"hicaso. UurHndton & Quincy 152H
«.(ffl rhicaKo, Itid & Louisville 3CU
L509 Chicago, Ind &¦ I»uiFville prefd 72%t
Ohi?ago k Kaftem Illinois Ill
r-hicago A- Northwestern I72*i
*=..4"0 Chicago. R I & Padflc 125A,
Li"** C C C & Ft Louis 77H
te.y* «'olora<lo Southern 10%
r<ilnra'lo Southern 1st prefd 46',i
?.7"(i <V,lora<Jo Southern 2d prefd i\
W^t Delaware A Hudson 167Vi
«¦>« |»i3»iirf. Lack Western 19j»/j
2.U0 Dt&rer &. P><o Grande.... 40*;
1.2Wt IVnver & Hlo Grande prefd SS
14.4'J) Trie 29T4
16.inr. Krie 1st prefd 67'i
4.WX1 Orfat North-rn prefd ..2iiS%
V*> , Hooking Coal 15H
;&fi Hocking Valley 54*i
r.rfifl Illinois Central ....1SI
4.100 Iowa Central .-.. 3IU
• 7O> le»a Central jjrefd 19%,
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and steady ; No. 2 spring wheat. 7234c: No. 2
red. 76%c: No. 2 corn, 40c; No. 2 yellow. 40c:
No. 2 oats.' 25S4c: No. 2 white, 2SHc; No. S
white, 27^28c; No. 2 rye, G2@53c; good feeding
barley, 46c; fair to choice malting, 61(g56c; No.
1 flaxseed. SI 62; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 S3;
prime timothy reed. $4 35: mess pork, per bbl
J15 2CS13 25: lard, per ll*> lb«, J7 67%®7 70; short
ribs sides (loose), $7 3507 45; dry paired should
ers (boxed), 6%€6%c: short clear sides (boxed),
$7 7007 90; whisky, basis of high wines. Jl 27;
clover, contract grade, $10 Go.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 40.000 36,000
Wheat, bushels 78,000 61,000
Corn, bushels 237.0*X» 220.000
Oats, bushels 174.000 203.000
Rye. bushels 7.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 12.000 18,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries. 15@214c; dairy,
ll(519c. Cheese, quiet; 10U@ll%c. Eggs, dull;
fresh, ll*ic.
Articles— . Open. Hish. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March U% 74S 74 74H
April 74»i 74% 74H 74^
May 75-i 75 75% 75V4
Corn No. 2—
March 3374
May 41M 41% 41* 41<i
July 41% 41H 41^4 41U
Oats No. 2 —
March 24*i 24»'» 24 VI 24&
May 25U 23% 24?* 25
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 13 DO 15 67% 15 30 15 32%
July 15 00 15 00 14 70 14 70
Lard,, per 100 lbs —
May 7 72>,i 7 72H 7 65 7 674
July 7 77& 7 77V4 7 67^ 7 67«i
September 7 80 7 82% 7 72% .7 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 7 47% 7 50,. 740 740
September 7 47% ' 7 50 7 40 7 40
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
**. minimum 4S. mean 54.
V.EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOP.ECAST
<~!oudy weather prevails over Puget Sound
«ro partly cloudy weather In Southern Ari
«'>na: elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains
th<> weather is clear.
The pressure has fallen slightly over the Pa
cific £lope. but rerr.ains above the normal ex
cct<t alone the coaet of Southern California.
The temperature has risen over the entire
Pacific £lci>e and is generally above the nor
mal.
Conditions tie favorab'.e for fair and con
tinued warm v.ieather Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
h-turF ending midnight. March 15. 1801.
Northern California— Fair Friday: continued
warm: light northeily wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday: continued
Mm; lleht northerly wind.
N'cvada — Fair; continued warm Friday.
T't8h — Fair; continued warm Friday.
Arizona— Fair; rrr.tlnurd warm Friday.
San Frar.ciseo and vicinity— Fair Friday; con
tinued warm; lieht northerly wind.
CHICAGO. March 14.— Strength and bullish
activity, tcgether with the punishment of
shorts in wheat, came at the opening as a re
sult of an advance at Liverpool and the light
ness of Northwest receipts, due partly to un
favorable weather. May opened U®He higher
at T5v»2. Outside interests and the silent
speculators who work through brokers in the
majority of cases support the market, while
the crowd which was long sold liberally to
secure profits. The demand was heavy, how
ever, and during most of the forenoon the
market fluctuated between 75?»c and 75%®76c.
A good cash demand and liberal -clearances st
' the seaboard were supporting influences fol
lowing the opening. During the afternoon the
corn break brought additional selling pressure
on the market and liny was forced down to
75«ic The close was heavy, Me lower at
Tj*»5i75Hc.
Corn was very strong at the opening and
continued so for an hour and a half. Realiz
ing caused a decline. May leaving off a shade
lower at 41V«c.
Although the profit-taking movement in pro
visions was generally of an aggressive order
the market was not forced much below its
recently attained high mark. Lard and ribs
were sold on a liberal scale by packers, but
the trade !n nork war comparatively light.
May pork closed 20c lower, lard 6@7Vic down
and ribs 7V6@10c depressed.
Oats were narrow. Thecloee was a shade
lower at 23c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83'4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89?;
New Tork Exchange, sight — 15
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 17»4
Silver, per ounce — 61^4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ SI
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT — The market seems to be working
Into better shape. Liverpool was higher, but
it was,«. holiday at Paris. There was no par
ticular change in New Tork. The foreign mar
kets are not inclined to follow- any American
decline.
Chicago opened firmer on better foreign ad
vices, .with the cash demand improving and
more disposition to buy. The whole list was
strong, and the market was largely oversold.
The Cincinnati Price Current says that there
has been no material damage thus far from
freezing, and that the general condition of the
crop Is favorable. The damage from Hessian
fly is still uncertain. The market is now al
most on an export basis, and 200.000 bushels
were worked for this account, while Buffalo
was reported sold out. Wall street started in
to buy again, and the shorts began to cover.
Thus it will be seen that the situation is de
cidedly bullish.
The local market advanced again, both on
and' off calL * ¦ ' ' - ¦>¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96Vi@9T^c; milling,
9S?icSU C2% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctl3,
99?4c: 2000. 99»iic; 2000, $1; 2000, $1 00%; Decem
ber— 8000. $1 0514 : 2000, $105%; 2000. $105%.
Second Session — May — iCCO ctls. Jl 00H-
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls.
99%c; 2000.' 99%c; 14,000, S3Uc; December— 2000,
U 05H: 10.000, $1 05.
Afternoon Session— May— 20CO ctls, 93T»; De
cember— 4000, $1 04%; 2000, $1 O4T4.
BARLEY — Spot feed has advanced and is
quoted firm, though the demand is nothing
extra. .
Feed. 73?;ifi75c for choice bright, 72^c for No.
1 and 67%@70c for off grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77 I ,4@S2 1 / £c; Chevalier, nom
inal.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— Xo sales.
Second Session— No Bales.
Regular Morning Session — No sale*.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls. 70%c.
OATS— Dealers quote the. old prices, with a
moderate demand.
White, $1 25®1 43: Surprise, nominal; Red
SI 25®! 40 for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for Seed :
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed, $1 17&®i "o
for Seed, *i 25@1 30 per ctl.
CORN— Continued dullness still characterizes
the market. There is more or less damp Corn
offering, and nobody wants it
Yellow. $1 1001 15; White, $1 10@l 15; East
ern mixed. $1 12^4 per \:tl.
RYE— 80!ff82 1 4c per etl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none coming in
Flour and MillstufFs.
FLOUR-Californla Family Extras, $3 250
3 50, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 75@2 35 per barrel for family and
J2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers", 12 75
©3. ._
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, J2 75
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, J3 5083 73; Buckwheat Flour, J4®4 25-
Cracked Wheat. 13 BO; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 10
(37 (50; in sacks. $5 75<37 25; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, to; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
It is the old story of quiet and steady mar
kets.
BRAN-$15@15 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS-J16 50019 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16®1? B0 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing.
*26 60; Cocoanut Cake, »17®18; Corn Meal, '$25®
25 50; Cracked Corn, |25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
?l;mlfi. , ¦*;¦':
HAT— Volunteer. J5@S; Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, 19^12; Oat. |9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $S@9 50: Barley. $7 60©9 50 per ton./
STRAW-35@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
After weeks of stagnation Beans begin
to show some change. Llmas axe higher, as
New Tork has been such a free purchaser in
Ventura County that stocks there have been
materially cut down. A' * recent f shipment
amounted to 17,000 bags, leaving about the
Eame quantity In the country, with 5000 to 7000
bags needed for seed. In this market Pinks are
weak at lower prices than have lately been
quoted, but all other descriptions stand about
as before.
i BEANS— Bayos $2 €0®2 75: Small White, $4 60
@4 SO; Large White, $4@4 25; Pink, $1 90@2 15:
Red, $3«J3 60: Blackeye. r $3@3 25; Limas, $5 73®
5 90; Pea. nominal; Red Kidney. $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; i'ellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 WifM; Canarv, 3"4®
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7#<3SV4c for Califor
nia and 9®9V4c for Utah-, Rape, 2@2V4c; Hemp,
3Hc: Timothy. 6Vlc. -
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 50; Green, J2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There Is no further change worthy of note in
Potatoes and Onions. Both are In sufficient
supply and the latter are weak. -r'y^'y. \ ' ¦
. Green " Peas and' String : Beans are weak and
plentiful, but the other Vegetables show. little
change. Receipts; of Asparagus are not In
creasing as fast as usual at this time of the
year. 1 - ¦• -v • .. ¦ • ', t .- ..*
Receipts were 425 boxes Asparagus, 367 boxes
Rhubarb and 280 eks Bay Peas. : ,. ;_¦>
POTATOES— Early Rose, 85c@$l; Burbanks,
40®55c for River and 60(g90c for Oregon; Garnet
Chiles from Oregon. 60® 80c; Sweets. 50@75c for
Merced: New Potatoes, 2® 3c .per. lb. . -. .' .
ONIONS— $2®2 75 per ctl; Cut Onions, 50c@
$150 per sack; Australians are 1 Jobbing at. 5c;
Green Onions, 35@40c per box. ; . r ; ¦:¦/'.<
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 73c® $1 75 per box;
Asparagus, 10©12*4c for fancy. . 7®flc for No. 1
and 5<g«c" per lb for No. 2;. Green Peas. 1
for 1 Los Angeles and " 293^0*.* for. -Bay; String
Beans, 4jJ8c; Cabbage," 80c; : Tomatoes, Los
Angeles. tOc@$l 25 per, crate; from Mexico,
75c<fr$l 25 per crate; Eg«r Plant,* Los Angeles,
lf*512V£c per lb; Green Peppers. ' Los Angeles,
S®10c per lb for Chile and 10@12V4c for Bell;
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Receipts of wine and brandy at this port
thus far this ye%r are as follows, compared
Tiith the first two month* of 1500: Of wine.
ijOBtJSt rallors. agatr.st 2.744.700; of brandy,
€l.SS<i pallors, acainft 116.CCO.
Dried Fruit in Nciv York.
Lat* tr.ai! advices from New Tork say: "The
irgrrlty of dO-SOs prunes continues the feature
of Xfre spot market, and the few holders of
this tlZC are still firmer In their views. Sales
of fair lots were heanl of at o-ic. Sixties also
are frr.fr, many asking H4& Bids of 4'*c
were reported turned down. There is a good
demand for 90-100s. hoMers asking 3@3'ic The
x-ery Frra!l sizes also are meeting with a good
wi>. In fact, demand is (rood for practically
¦ II Fizes of prunes, excepting 70-fCs. Outside
holders on the coast art still reported willing
to •ell on the 2c ba.-is. but local buyers are
unuilling to place ordtrrs except for immediate
rhipir,%-nt.
"Rai.-ir-s are dull an-1 easy. Pome Inquiry
1v noted from a local seeder for good 3-crown
California loose at i^c. Apricots are dull and
easy, with a lower ier.iii-r.cy. There is eome
inquiry in & small way for unpeeled peaches,
with lower grades easy and better quality of
fruit fairly steady. Dates are dull and easy,
and fits in a little r<.oueft.
••Currants are unchniiged and going out
fio»:y. The Gler-troi! hfc* arrived from Patras
with ICtT barrels, 100 c^."es and 2420 half-cases,
but her coming, it is said, will have little or
no effect on the spot, ac the bulk of the goods
V'rousrht by cer are in transit for Canada and
the largest part of ths l.alance goes to clean
er*. Evaporated apples are weaker."
Weather Report.
FAN FRANCISCO. March 14, 1901—5 p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«!ate. as compared with those of the same date
l^rt season, and rainfall in last twenty-rour
hours :
eoo Lake Erie & Western 454
Lake Erie & Western prefd 115
I>eke Shore I10U
6. cr*) Louisville & Nashville 95ifc
1S.9*V) Manhattan L 120'J
to 1 "*) Metropolitan St. Ry 165T,
7.100 Mexican Central m;
7.500 Minneapolis A St Louis Sl»i
«o Minneapolis & St Louis prefd Ill
2,200 Ml?souri Pacinc 92H
Mobile & Ohio 81
26,300 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 234
24,400 Missouri. Kans & Texas prefd 59',i
500 New Jersey Central 155
y<t New York Central 144%
21.1C0 Norfolk & Western BlTs
Norfolk & Western prefd ?5
1.100 Northern Pacific $4U
1.700 Northern Pacific prefd S7T»
1B.SC0 Ontario & Western . 82 %
Oregon Ry and Navigation 42
....... Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
3.500 Pennsylvania 151%
S.600 Reading ' "" 331?
S.400 Reading 1st prefd 73»j
5.1C0 Reading 2d prefd 44'
Rio Grande Western !.." 63
Rio Grande Western prefd 96»;
9.S0O Pt E. & San Francisco 44
"i^A St L * San 1st prefd.... S6V,
7.2^0 st L & San Francisco 2d prefd 70*i
13.700 St Louis, Southwestern 34^
14.4*0 St Louis. Southwestern prefd C3H
60.1C0 Pt Paul . 1M i4
St Paul prefd "lSS
Bt Paul & Omaha r>6
12.300 Southern Pacific '" 43U
5.0C0 Southern Railway »t\.
4.600 .Southern Railway prefd 7S>*
S.SOO Texas & Pacific 311;
10.600 Union Pacific 911;
1.000 Union Pacific prefd " 84*i
11.400 Wabash 191*
56.100 Wabash prefd '.'. 35
J-22 Wheeling: & Lake Erie "HI I4"i
n.COO Wisconsin Central 21>i
Third Avenue ym :
1.900 Baltimore & Ohio 921'
600 National Tube ---.. .£
600 National Tube prefd '..'.'.'.'.'.ill
Express Companies—
Adame 155
2M American "*"l94
600 United States " 64
Wells Fargo '.'.'.'.'.' 112
Miscellaneous—
4M American Cotton Oil 27&I
....... American Cotton Oil prefd SS
400 American Malting 5%
CO American Malting prefd .".. " 27
5.400 American Smelting & Refining.... 55
1..00 American Smelting & Ref prefd... 94Vi
Amcricsn Spirits ju,
American Spirits prefd '.'.'.'.'. 17 *
1.000 American Pteel Hoop 36U
?•£*} AmeriM!1 stee ' "OOP Prefd Sli!
1.R00 American Pteel & Wire 3S»*
400 American Steel & Wire prefd... V. S7
1.20) American Tin Plate :.... 61^
in-J£ Arner j can Tin "Plate prefd ioi> 2
10.. 00 American Tobacco 1»*S
100 American Tobacco prefd 140
1.000 Anaconda Mining Co '"* 4$
11,500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit "' 791U
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron' 441.
l n .5O0 Continental Tobacco """" 45%
2.9O0 Continental Tobacco prefd lOZ^Z
4.100 Federal Steel " 43*
3.350 Federal fteel prefd S9'i
100 General Electric ""'"ml
Glucose Sugar ""41
Glucose Sugar prefd ;;.'. 94
International Paper 23 1 £
— "- International Paper prefd .- 73>i
s-00 I.aclede Gas .. en
«*> National Biscuit ..."".'"" 401:
300 National Biscuit prefd 94
600 National Lead ."...:... "n
.. ; . . National Lead prefd '.I'.!!!"".!!! g^i
7.100 National Steel r
1.200 National Steel prefd '.'.'.'.'.' 102
•" New York Air Brake jr.6
500 North American 75
Pacific Coast " 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd ....'.!'.!'" 88
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd .... «2
S00 Pacific Mail 34V
20.200 People's Gas ...'.'.'.'.'"" l<m£
300 Pressed Steel Car 35
490 Pre?sfd Steel Car prefd ..'.'."" 74
Pullman Palace Car '205
100 Standard Rope & Twine '" 474
10.600 Fusar '"l4O«2
100 Ruirar prefd ".... . ""119
1,500 Tenn Coal & iron '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'."" 5415
400 United States Leather '" 12U
400 United States Leather prefd 75U
United States Rubber 13
200 .i:nited. States Rubber prefd '.'. 6811
1,600 AVestern Union r?**
20.200 Amal Copper • '.'.'.'.'" lV>
1.500 Republic Iron & -Steel " '" %h'
2.7C0 Rep Iron & Steel prefd. '" 66^
P.C C & St L * M *
S75.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 105% N Y Cent lsts.... 107»i
L S 2s ref coup...l0« N J Cent gen 5s...l33»i
t; S 3s re* ill N Pacific 3s " "i»i
U S 3s coup Hi N Pacific 4s 105U
US new 4s ree...m NYC & S L 4S.108H
V S new 4s roup...l3S N & W con 4s 103U
T S old 4s reg... ..113 Or Nrv l-ts... no
IT fi old 4s coup. ..114 :Or Nav 4« " "104
\: S 5s regr lll^ijo r Short "Line "fa"] 27%
I S si i coup 111% Or S L con 5s H64
Din of Col .3.65S...123 Reading Gen 4s..'.. 94U
Atchlson gen 4s. ..104% R G \V l«ts... loot!
Atchison adl 4s.... Si S L A T M con Ss. 117%
<-»n«<Ja So 2ds lOS^ S L & S F gen 6s 131
££** f -2J? 10 «Hs..lO7»f, ,«=t Paul oon!....:?iMi4
dies A- Ohio 5s....m\ S P O & P Ists...ll8>i
C & NW con 7s...l40>; PPC4P 5s m
C & NWSFdeb £s.I18l4 p 0 Pacific 4«.V.V.'.! 9314
Chso Terminal 4s. 97 Po Railway 6s.... H6«
Colo Southern 4s.: S«U f=t»T,u It & T 6s." 55
D &-R t» 4s ..102^i Texas fc Pac lsts 11S14
F:rle General 4,.... W» Texas A rlt Mb!.**
Gen Electric 5s....l7« WahaKh Ists iis2
Iowa Centralists.. n6 IWabash 2ds 109
L * N tTnl 4s ifiJHjWemt Shore 4s HSU
Jfl'g £ T 2ds M -v.-is Cent lsts 90
M.K & T 4s .SS'i Va Centuries 56
MINING STOCKS.
Adams. Con - 2»jUttle Chief - 14
Alter 35 Ontario "« 21
Breece 120iOphIr '/' 55
nrurwwick Con :2;Phoenix "' og
Comstock Tunnel... f6 Potosi .. *"" in
Con Cal & Va 1 4.VFavage ... «s
r>»a<Jwood Terra.... 60'fJlerra Nevada"' 24
Horn Silver 1 lu Small Hopes...".."'" 65
Iron Sliver 60 Standard ."390
Leadvllle # Con. ...... 05 u
EOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mon»j- — . -. • . Union- Pacinc ..... 8H4
Call loans Z^m Union Land 3?
Time loans 4'*'g5 West End- 97?
a P t1Vf u %2S?!Sg5,«
A T A S F prefd. S2>4 Atchlson 4s 102
American Sugar.. .140Vi N E Gas&Coke 5s 68
Am Sugar prefd.. .120 Mlrilnz Shares—'
Am Telephone tit,\i Adventure ... 13
Boston A Albany. .rj BIngham ' 223;
Roston Elevated. ..170 Amalsr Copper.- Wl'Z
Roston & Maine. ..194^4 Atlantic "32
Chgo, Bur & Q...151*,» Boston & Mont..".. 245
dominion. Coal 3ii,,Ruttf & Boston.... 105U
Dora Coal prefd... .110 iCalumet & Hecla..S60
Federal gteel 42*«iCentennlaI ..... ->5«
Fed Steel prefd %9 Franklin " «2U
Fitchburg prefd.. ..144 Humboldt : ." 62v£
Gen Electric 210V* Otceola g7
Gen Elec prefd... .190 Parrot 53
Ed Elec III .242 Qulnry ...;... 174
Mexican Central... lam Santa Fe Copper 7H
N' E Gas & Coke.. 12^ Tamarack ....... 337
Old Colony ........ 209^ijUtah Mining 35
Old Dominion. 37'i Winona 6'i
Rubber 18*^1 Wolverines 5314
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 14.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Activity Is developing in the stock market here
again. The tendency of prices to-day was
toward a higher level. impending resump
tion of mining in the Transvaal contributed
largely to this better tone.. The American de
partment w«s. fairly ¦ busy. -London advanced
NEW YORK. March 14.-FLOUR-Receipts.
14,434 barrels; exports, 75S1 barrels: unchanged.
WHEAT— Receipts, 80,600 bushels; exports,
67,667 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 8OH0 f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 794c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, SS^c f. o. b. afloat: No 1
I hard Duluth. 91%c t. o. b. afloat. Options
i opened firm and for a time held their ground.
Influenced by small Northwest receipts and
higher cables. But under subsequent favorable
crop reports, disappointing outside support, a
reaction at Liverpool and light export Inquiry
at seaboard ports weakness developed at
tended by a partial loss of early Improvement.
Closed. easy and unchanged. March closed 79H C -
May closed 79%c; July closed 79%c
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm. :
WOOL— Dull.
SUGAR— Raw.; steady; fair refining. SHc;
centrifugal. 95 test. 4c; molases sugar, steady
refined, steady.
COFFEE-Snot Rio. easy; No. 7 invoice, 7tfc:
mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@12^c. Futures closed
unchanged to 10 points net lower. Total sales
51.2S0 bags; May, 5.75c; July, 5.70@5 80c; Octo
ber, 5.S.V775 90c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3649 packages; steady.
Fresh creamery, 16fi22c; June creamery, 15®
20c: factory. 10U@10»ic.
EGGS— Receipts. 15.051 packages; steady
Western at mark. 13»4@14c.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK, March 14.— Demand for evap
orated apples was only of a hand-to-iaouth
character. Exporters are holding off for con
cessions and the market was easy at un
changed prices. State common. 3};«ji4»;c"
prime, 4%i@5c: choice, 5H@6c: fancy, fiig*c
California dried fruits. Inactive and un
changed. Prunes were quoted at S'iSSHc per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal, 7&;@12c; Moorpark 8>i
@15c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@19c: unpeeled, 6%@12c.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $160,000,000 gold reserve
lirtne amslon of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $149,812,697; gold, $91,113,684.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, March 14.— Money on call
steady at 2"i per cent: prime mercantile paper,
3V4^4U per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87^4 for
demand and at $4 84H for sixty days: posted
ffV&i.'te'S? 4 85H and ** ss '' 4: commercial bills.
$4 83y«z4 S3%. Silver certificates, Cl"4®62c.
Bar silver, 61Hc. Mexican dollars. 49c. Gov
ernment bonds, strong; State bonds. Inactive;
railroad bonds, irregular. •
Na.v York Money Market.
Atrhlson. 69«£: Canadian Pacinc, 93»4; Union
Pacific preferred. S7Vi : Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 90W: Anaconda. 9U. Bar silver, steady.
29 3-16d. Money. 3@3U per cent.
CLOSING
prices in the early hours and when New Tork
roiiowel with an acceptance of the London
quotations and jumped up Denver and Rio
Grande and Wabash l>ondon followed the fresh
lead willingly. Monev easy.
All local markets sJiozring more life.
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat and Barley higher again.
Oats, Corn and Rye quid and unchanged. ,.
Kcthing nc-zv in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Lima Beans advancing under large purchases by' New York.
Potatoes steady. Onions weak and Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Eggs in good demand and lighter supply.
Poultry still firm under moderate stocks. Game^lominal.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes in manageable supply and firm.
Bananas doing better with reduced stocks.
More call for Dried Peaches and Apricots in New York.
Continued activity in Prunes throughout the East.
Provisions steady to firm, but not active.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Lighter trading in local stocks and bonds.
Oil stocks shozv increased activity.
Grain and Wool Bags quoted higher.
San Quentin Bags all sold up to the first of September.
SUMMARY* GF THE MARKETS
EEAL ESTATE TBAITSACTION!
Alameda County.
David S. and Sarah J. Sherman to Chart-s
E. Graham, lot on 8 »n« West Third Mrs**,
'3 W of Lewis, W 50. S 67.84. SE 52.33. N Si 73
to beginning of block 1. Bay View Homestea.1,
Oakland: $10C0.
Frederick Krambs to Wilhelmlne Kramb*.
lots 6. 7 and 8. N % lot 9 and N % of 8 H lot
9 block 129. Kellersberyer's map. Oakland; girt.
'Kate S. and James M. Perry to Samuel H.
and Anna C. Gandrup. lot on N line of Thirty
eighth street. 500 W of Telegraph avenue. \v
10O N 144-10, E 100. S 144:10 1 i tr> beginning of
lot's 14 and fid Perrin Tract. Oakland: $1500.
Wells Fargo & Co. to Anna L. Carpent»r
(wife of J. K. Carpenter), all interest in lnt
on W line of Harrison street, 56 S of Twentieth,
thence W interior angle 82 degrees 13 minut»«
120 31 thence S interior angle 97 degrees 41
minutes 46:8. E interior angle 84 degrees ?
minutes 119.57. to W line of Harrison street.
thence N 52.17 to beginning. Oakland: $2000.
Ellen E. and Charier G. Ewing to August
L. Ott. lot on S line of Vine- street. 135 W t f
MilvU, W 33:6 by S 150, block 6, Graves &
Taylor Tract. Berkeley; $500.
Cecil Brown (as trustee of estate of Oo«^^
Rhodes, deceased) to John Finn, lot on 8V7
corner of Spring and Vine streets. 8 109::,
W 135. N 100. E 135:5 to berinnlnir. block •
map of property of Berkeley Vltw Homester!
Association, Berkeley: $1500.
Frances B. Sprague (widow) to Melissa C
Kelsey (widow), lot on N line of Rum-.!
street. 200 E of Lowell. E 40. N 131.77. W ff.
S 1S2.93 to beginning lot 25. block 29. on trap
of Smith's subdivision, portion Matthew*
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jonw to Sarah. J.
Boyle (single), lot 23. block 8, Allenfial* Trfirt,
Brooklyn Township: $10. . I
Sams to Florence M. Boyle (single), lo* en
NW line of Over street, 175 SW of Allend)a;»
avenue. SW 37:8 by NW 100. lot 12 and £2*
of lot 13 adjoining, in block S. Allendale Trxrt,
Brooklyn Township: $10. \
Jessia Quint (widow) to Hubert Judge, lot ->n
N line of Central avenue. 60 B of Ban 3fl
street. E 90 by N 150, lots S3. 38 and 87. I r i1
portion of lots 33, 41 and 42. block 22. map f
Mary A. Fitch Homestead. Alameda: $500.
William H. and Alicia H. Wood (execu tot
¦nd executrix of estate of Thomas Bryan) •->
W F. Boardman. lot on SW corner of Twel t!i
and Grove streets, S 60- by W 103:«. block L54.
Kellersberger's map. Oakland: $7500.
Matilda L. Happ to Lawrence and Ra jh
DeluchI lot on NW corner of Shattucfc »tj Mt
and Mona avenue, W 143.94, N 67.50. B 14. :\
8 67.61 to beginning, lot 16. block C. Erut :a
glm Tract. Oakland: $5C0.
D. B. and Matti* Parker to Neal J. McK "->n
(single), lot on S line of Isabella street. 575 vr
of San Pablo avenue. W 37:4, S 105, SE lria
straight lln» to point of Intersection of JfTT
and SW lines of lands of Peter Madson (by
deed of Nov. ¦ 13. 1?S4. thenc* SE to a point 1 nn
S boundary Hn* of Gunn Tract, thenca Ei to
a point distant 25 W from W line of lot 14 on
map of Gunn Tract, thence N' 133:2^4 to begin
ning, portion Gunn Tract. Oakland: $3000.
Trading in local stocks and bonds was mod
erate in the morning and the only change waa
a further decline In Oceanic to_$45. the stock
subsequently recovering to $43 75.
In the afternoon there was more activity.
Makaweli sold down to $4* £0. Alaska Packers"
advanced- to $110 and Oceanic wan steady at
$45 23CT46. There were sales of Hawaiian Com
mercial at $78®SO. . :""
The morning session of the Producers Oil
Exchange was lively, with large sales in Pe
troleum Center. Monarch and California-Stand
ard. There was a decline in Hanford to 194.
In the afternoon Hanford declined to $31.
Dividends will be paid as follows: Hutchin
son Plantation. 25c. on the 20th; Kllauea Sugar,
25c. on the 15th; American Beet Sugar, 1% per
cent for the quarter, April 1.
STOCK AITD BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. March 14—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.J Bid.Ask.
4s coupon ....114 lHViUs coup (new). 137*4133',*
4s registered.. 113 113',i Ss coup *11 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 103»4 — Oak W Co 5s. — 101
Cal-st Cab 6s. 116% — Oceanic 83 Bs.105 106
C C Water 5s. — 10914 Om C R 6S...12SH —
E L A P 6s..l2SV4133ii Pac O Imp 4s. — 100V4
F & Cl Ry «s.H2H — Pk &C1 R 6S.105 —
Geary-st R 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s. — —
Haw C 8^s...l08>4— Powell-st R 6*120 —
Haw C 5s 105H — 8 E O & R B» — MVi
L A R R 6«.. .11214 — 8 F & SJV Bs.lMH —
L A L Co 6s.. — — B P «f Cal 6s.llO —
Do gntd 5s.. — 104 S P R of A 6sll2tt —
Do gntd 6s. 100 — 8 P C 6s (1905.
L A P R R 5i.l01*4102tf Series A) ... — UW
Jlarkt-st C 6s. — 127 Do 8ertes B)!!!^!! 1 -*
Do 1st o 5s.l20% — Do (1906) ... — 113}4
N C N G R 7s — 113*4 Do (1829) ....122% —
N R of Cal 6s — 114% 3 P C lit « 5slO6H —
N R of Cal 5sl20H — S P Br R 6»..1*1H —
N P C R R 6S.101H — 8 V Water 6s.llZi4112%
K P C R R Ss.lOSVilOSH 8 V Water 4S.103U104
NCR R 5».lll — Do 3d mt«c ..102% —
O G L & H 5B.113 — Stkn GAB tolOO —
Oak Tr Co 6s. — 117%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 71 72 Spring Valley. Jl tJ
Marln County. 53',4 —
OAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P.. 3 4 Pao Lt Co 43 —
Equit Gas .... 3% 3% Sac E G & K — 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — SM 3 F G & E... 47H —
O G L & H... 50 61 San Francisco. 4% —
Pac Gas Imp. — 43 Stktn G & E. — 14
1NSURAXCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 233 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 70 77« Lon P & A...14SH1M
Bank of Cal.. — — Mer Ex (llq.).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.105%106 S F Natlonal.120 126
1st N Of S F. — 312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1300 Sav & Loan..— —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual ...; 60 — Union Trust .. — —
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Cal-st — 140 iO S L & H.... 49 —
Geary-st 47H — 'Presidio — SO
Market-st 69% 70 I
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con .... — 84 ]Vlgorlt .....'... 2T4 —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan ... 7 — Kllauea 22% 23%
Haw Com .... 80 81 Makaweli 41% 43
Honokaa 32% — Onomea 30 —
Hutch S P... 24«i — Paauhau U 34%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.,119%120 Oceanic S3 Co 44 —
Cal Fruit Can. 93 100%. Pac A F A... ITi 3%
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Assn.102% — Par Paint Co. 12% —
Morning Session.
Board —
43 Giant Powder Con 83 W
25 Honokaa Co 32 75
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 47 CO
15 Oceanic S S Co 45 50
25 Oceanic S S Co 45 00
30 Oceanic S S Co 45 75
$1000 Oceanic S S Co bonds 105 60
45 Spring Valley Water 91 00
6 Bank^of California 410 60
100 California Fruit Canners 93 73
JCCOO S P of Arizona bonds 112 60
Afternoon Session.
Beard — v
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 120 00
SO Alaska Packers' Assn. ¦ 19 120 00
5 Hawaiian Com and Sugar. 73 00>
5 Hawaiian Com and Sugar SO CO
$1000 Hawaiian C and S Co 5s. 105 SO
50 Honokaa S Co 33 50
60 Hutchinson S P Co 24 87%
I 200 Hutchinson 8 P Co 24 75
50 Makaweli 42 50
60 Makaweli 41 50
5 Oceanic S S Co 46 00
13 Oceanic S S Co 45 25
$1200 Oceanic S S Co bonds..... 105 60
50 Onomea Sugar Co 30 00
120 S F Gas and Electric Co 47 73
$3000 S P of Arizona bonds 112 50
50 Spring . Valley Water 9150
$2000 Spring Valley Water 63 112 50
Street—
?:000 Los Angeles Ry Es 113 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Bear Flag 13
100O California-Standard 50
2000 California-Standard, s 30 61
203 California-Standard 62
700 California-Standard 51
100 Caribou 60
S5O Four £9
1800 Four 5»
1 Hanford 9« 00
4 Hanford 95 00
1 Hanford 94 00
50 Homo 4 00
H Kern, s 95 7 00
200 Lion 20
CO Lion 21
300 Monarch of Arizona „. 63
600 Monarch of Arizona, b SO S4
300 Monarch of Arizona 53
200 Monarch of Arizona, b 63 55
300 Monarch of Arizona S2
200 Occidental of West Virginia "... 43
S700 Petroleum Center 15
12 Reed Crude 60
20S Reed Crude 55
115 San Joaquln Oil & Development 19 50
100 Sterling 2 40
900 Superior 24
100 Superior 23
600 Twenty-eight, b 30 1 30
300 Twenty-eight 1 25
200 Wolverine , 125
Street—
20 Kern 7 50
475 Occidental of 'West Virginia 48
Afternoon Session.
Board—
400 California-Standard 51
1000 California-Standard 62
1000 California-Standard, s 30 53
200 Caribou 50
1 Hanford 95
2 Hanford 94
1 Hanford 91
50 Home 4 00
200 Home ,.... 3 95
100 McKlttrtck 43
100 Monarch of Arizona 53
BOO Monarch of Arizona, r 90 43
200 Occidental of West Virginia 47
1000 Occidental of "West Virginia 44
5 Peerletrs g 00
1700 Petroleum Center 15
200 Sterling 2 3i)
200 Sterling, b 60 240
200 Wolverine j 20
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning; Session.
Board —
500 California-Standard 54
1 Hanford 95 00
250 Lion "I
5000 Lion, b 90 .„" 21
300 Monarch of Arizona 55
100 Monarch c«f Arizona 54
200 Monarch of Arizona 53
300 Monte Crlsto. s 90 2 20
35 San Joaquin Oil & Development Co.!lO 75
Afternoon Session. :*,v;
• Board —
500 California-Standard 52
1000 California-Standard 61
1000 Junction $3
1000 Kern Oil ; 00
5000 Lion, s 90 20
«X> Mona»ch of Arizona 52
1000 Monarch of Arizona, s 99 45
200 Monte Crlsto 2 20
500 Occidental of West Virginia 43
5003 Petroleum Center 15
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ECO Con Cal & Va..l 60 200 Overman 13
60 Mexican '1« SCO Silver Hill 41
ICOOphIr €6
Afternoon Session.
400 Best & Belcher 171 200 Ophir . <rr
500 Chollar 131 1100 Sierra Nevada. 23
• Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Confidence 71 200 Silver Hill.... 41
•200Ophtr '..... 66 500 Silver Hill.... A
200 Overman 13 200 Utah ' «
200 PotO3l 14 "
Afternoon Session.
ECO Best & Belcher IS 20O Overman .. 13
50 Caledonia ..... 65 100 Potosi " 1.
130 Con Cal & V.I 62% 300 Sierra Nevada' «s
1200 Con Cal & V...1 65 200 Silver Hill.. * 41
200 Ophir 67|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
THURSDAY. March 14—4 p. m .
Bid. Ask. I Bid \a!c
Alpha 05 06 1 Justice ( 1 Si
Alta 02 03 Kentuck _ J»
Andes ..:...'..... 04 05 Lady Wash fi m
Belcher ....¦..;. lft 13 Mexican is 17
Best & Belcher 17 IS. Occidental 13 «5
Bullion ri 02 Ophir ec 6S
Caledonia 63 " 70 Overman 33 n
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Dried Peppers. 12@18c; Dry Okra. 25c per lb:
Carrots, . 25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers. eOctHl 75 per dozen: Summer Squash, 75o
@il 25 per box; Garlic, 2'/4®3c per lb; Marrow
fat Squash, $30 per ton; Mushrooms. 8012%c
per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The flrmness In Poultry continues and stocks
are kept well cleaned up.
Game is featureless and uninteresting.
POULTRY - Live Turkeys, 10®llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
nominal: Geese, per pair. $1 50@2; Gosllrjrs.
$2 50@2 73; Ducks. $4@5 for old and $5@7 50 for
¦vounc: H'n«. $4W6: Younir R<v>st»rs. WJ- oM
Roosters, $4 50; Fryers. $3 50@6; Broilers, $15)
(So 50 for largo and $3@4 for pmall; Pigeons,
$1 7o@2 per dozen for old and $2 50@2 75 for
Squabs. . *
GAME— Gray Geese. $3: White' Geese. $1**
1 25; Brant, $1 50® 1 75 for small and $2 for
large; Honkers, $J@4 50; English " Snipe. . ;
Jack Snipe. ; Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 3 for
Cottontail and 75c for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
All descriptions under this head seem to be
working Into better shape. Stocks of Butter
are lighter, as the last steamer for the north
took out a large line, and the next steamer
will also take a liberal shipment. The feeling
Is now steady. Eggs, too, have lately gone
so freely Into storage that there are not many
on the market now, in spite of the liberal re
ceipts. Cheese stands about the same as be
fore quoted.
Receipts as reported by the" Dairy Exehinsre
were: 43,600 pounds of Butter, 1545 cases Eggs,
22,250 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; lecondi.
14c.
Dairy— Extras, ISc; firsts, 13c; seconds. 12c;
¦tore, He.
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts. — — ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, . j
Pickle, per pound.
Keg, per pound.
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream, 9c: choice,
8c; common, nominal: Young Americas, 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16^c per lb,
EGGS—
California Ranch — Selected White, 12tfc:
mixed colors, HHc per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, llHo; stand
ard, lie; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds. .
Storage — California fancy, -i standard.
; Eastern fancy. ; standard. ; sec
onds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges continue firm for sound stock, with
moderate supplies. Seven cars are announced
for to-day's auction. The steamer for Pana
ma brought up 305 boxes Mexican Limes. Th<»
weakness in Lemons has apparently passed
off and dealers are again quoting a firm mar
ket.
Bananas are firm under moderate supplies,
and good stock is bringing an advance.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—50@75c per box for common, 90c®
$1 60 for good to choice and $1 75®2 for fancy.
PEARS — "SciSJt f.o per box and nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. Sl@2;
Seedlings, 5Jc@$l; Tangerines, 23c@$l 25:
Japanese Mandarins, %W\ 50; Lemons, $10
$1 50 for common and $1 75®2 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit. 60c@$2; Mexican
Utncs, SS; California Limes, nominal: Ba
nanas, 75c@$2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, 75c@
$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There Is rather more life to Peaches and
Apricots In New York, but local dealers still
quote a dull market. Prunes continue to sell
freely at slowly improving prices in the East.
FRUITS— Apricots, E@7c for Royals and 8%®
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4@5V4c;
sun-dried. lH@2%c; Peaches, 3@3>,4c for stand
ard. 4@4Hc for choice and 6ff!c for fanoy-
Pears, 2@7c: Plums, pitted, 4@Zc; .unpltted, 1ft
lHc; Nectarines, SSS'.ic for red and o'»l>{j6c for
white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: 30-40s, 7c
40-SOs, 6Uc; 50-60S. 4V4c: 60-70s. 3*ie; 70-80s, 3«c
80-903, 2%c; 90-100s. 2\ic; 100-12Os. l%c; rubles,
V t c premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joaqulns
Uc less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Asscciation
has established the following prices: Hleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie
standard. 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10»4c per
lb; choice, 9^c: standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes
6Hc: 4-crown, 7c: 3-crown, 6Hc: 2-crown 6c
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5Uc. and
4-crown. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy. 16
ounce, 7c; 12-ounce. 5Uc; choice, 16-ounce, 6^ic
12-ounce, 5Vic: London Layers. 2-crown. $1 50
per box: 3-crown. SI 60: Fancy Clusters, %2; De
hesa, $3 50; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at
common shipping points In California.
" NUTS— Chestnut*. 8®10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7»4c; No.
1 hardshell. 9V4c: No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 12@l3e
for papershell, 9Cllc for sortshell; Peanuts 5@
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuta, 13c; Filberts 13c •
Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13*4<§14c for bright and 12>4@
13c for light amber: water white extracted
7Hc; light amber extracted, 6',4<g7c; dark 6&
6%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, ll@ll!4c per lb for
heavy, ll%@12c for light medium, 12> / A'3l3c for
light, 13@14c for extra- light and 15@15>-ic for
sugar-cured ; Eastern sugar-cured Hams 12®
!2%c; Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess
$13; Family, $14; extra fine Pork. $ 15® 15 DO:
extra clear, $19 50020;. Mess, $17; Smoked
Beef, 13c per pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9H@9?ic for pure: half-barrels,
pure, 10c; 10-lb tins, 10%c; 5-lb tins, lOftc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrels, 8^c; three
half-barrels, 8c: one tierce. 7T4c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%©10c; medium, 8V4@3c; light. 8@8%c;
Cow Hides, 8^c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags, 6#6V4c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9@
9V4c: Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. l»H®16c:
Culls. mi@14c: Dry Kip. 15@16e; Dry Calf. 1G<&>
17c: Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins.
shearlings, 20@30c each; short Wool, 30@5Oc
each; medium, 60@75c; long Wool, 75c@$l
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50®2 75 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium. U 25 for small and 50c
for colts: Horse Hides, dry. *1 75 for large. Jl 50
for medium. *1 25 for small and 50c for colts
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 33c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c per lb:
No. 2. 4@4^c; grease, 2®2»4c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 15@16c per lb: Northern, free. 12@13c: do,
defective. lO-flle: Middle County, free. 10@llc:
do. defective. 9iS10c: Southern, 12 months, 8@
9c: Southern, free, 7 months, 7®10c: do. de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c: Oregon Valley, fine,
15<i?16c: do, medium and coarse, 14®lf>c; Ore
gon Eastern,' choice. 12@14c; do. fair to good.
9®llc: Nevada. 10@12c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, ll@12c: Middle County and North
ern. S©9c: San Joaquln. 7@Sc.
HOPS-15S20C per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain as bef or* quoted.
BEEF— 7®8c for Steers and 6®7%c per lb for
cows. 4 ' dsjc<- ':'.¦ :"
VEAL- Large, 7@8c: small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9©9>*c: Ewes, S%S9c per
pound.
LAMB— Yearlings, 10c per lb; Spring, 10®
HV4c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6\ic:
ISO to 225 lbs. 6c: 22S «nd over, 6%c; feeders,
5%c; dressed Hogs, S};@9%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — The- situation , is stronger all around.
Calcutta.* are higher, San Quentins are all
sold up to September. Wool Bags and Fleece
Twine are higher. San Quentln Bags. $3 C5;
Calcutta Grain Bass. June and July. 6%f?~c:
spot, 6*sffT6%c; local make, i»c less than Ca/
cuttas; Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine,
7H©So. . • •
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. J7; Bryant. *7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operati\'e Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 4»
per 2000 pounds and $3 50 - per ton. according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
¦ Crushed. 6.05c: Powdered, 5.65c: Candy Gran
ulated. ' 5.65c; Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A, 5.15c; i Extra C.
6.05c; Golden C. 4.95c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for. less than "5
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels, 6.30c: boxes, 6.55c per lb. .
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSD AT. ; MARCH 14.
Flour, qr sks..... r>5.263 Pelts, bdls ]»«
Wheat, ctls.... ...109,421 Hides, No ;«
Barley, ctls 54.209 Leather, rolls.,.! r»
Potatoes, sks..... 3.321 1 Lime, bbls a T?
Bran. sks......:.. "2.875| Raisins, bxs " aji
Middlings. sks.... 1.20O' Chicory, bbls ii
Onions, sks....... S01 (Sugar, ctls...;.... 2 550
Hay-tons......... 420 Powder, cars..... \
Straw, tons....... . 5 Quicksilver, flsks s 54
Wool, bales 13 Wine. gals........ 34 80o
Shorts, sks 163 1
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks..... 8,008 Cornmeal, aks.... C 500
Oats, ctls 230
EASTERN. e
Beans, ctls....... ¦. 2oO J
changed, j Spelter , was again weak In tone,
doting nt ?3 &0(g3 95. American iron markets
were dull -*nd nominally unchanged. Pig Iron
warrants, J3 50(gl0 50; Northern foundry. $15®
16 60. ¦ '-**,'
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. March 14.— Prices in cotton
opened 10 points lower | to 3 points. Buying
became general and at a higher basis than
last night, with a bullish feeling. Before mid
day the market had partially reacted under
room profit taking and a slight falling off In
the outside support. But early In the after
noon renewed buying for both accounts sent
priocs back to about the best level of the
morning with the market thereafter tolerably
firm and fairly active. The market closed
firm with prices net 8@11 points higher.
London Wool Sales.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, March 14.— At the wool auction
Bales to-day 12,740 bales were offered. There
was a good supply, comprising some superior
grades, which were actively bid for, chiefly by
home trade, the Continent securing suitable
lots. Scoured merinos were In supply and
crofsbreds were In fair demand at steady
prices. Seme faulty wools were withdrawn.
Victorian wool was firm and In good demand,
superior secoured combing realizing Is 6d.
PORTLAND, March 14.— Clearings, $258,783;
balances, $23,394.
OREGON-
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, March 14.— WHEAT— Bids of
56o were made for Walla Walla wheat to-day
and 68®58V4c was easily obtainable for blue
stem, but there was very little offering at
these figures.
Cleared— British ship Colony, for Queenstown,
with 95,719 bushels wheat.
Foreign exports of wheat from Portland for
the week ending to-d*y were 470,408 bushels.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, March 11.— WHEAT— lHc higher;
bluestem, 68%c; club, B6c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 14.— Consols, 98?i; silver,
28 S-lCd; French rentes, 102f 40c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 2s>a 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 2Ss 7V£d; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL. March 14.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, Cs 2ttd#6s ZVt\ French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON- Uplands. 4 31-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California, 6s
2Vid No. 2 red "Western winter. 5s lUid; No. 1
Northern spring. 6s 2^d. Futures, steady;
May-July,. 6s %d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American new, 3s lOHd;
do old, 4s. Futures, quiet; May- July, 3s 9%d.
Challengo Con. 16 1J Potosj M u
Choi la r. 1< 1? ***!*.•• W 13
Confidence "0 "¦> Scorpion....... ZL «?
Con Cal & Va..l «0 1 «3ffe* Belcher.... « n 3
Con Imperial... "1 02 g f rra ***•**• » B
Con New York. 01 03 1 Silver Hill 40 43
Crown Point... 10 12 ft LouJ» - Q
Eureka Con C* — ! Standard 3 SO _
Exchequer 01 02; Syndicate — ft:
Gould & Curry. 15 18 Union Con ,7 v>
Hale & Norers. 1? , 1» Utah ............ 04 nj
julla 01 03 Yellow Jacket. U 23
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
TA
N'S.
1 I
Lest '• This
Hours 1 Season.
i Lasl
! Season.
> .
...I
', 40.81 :
22.34 '
16. M
1S.T9
10.23
]
I
1S.M
: is. 44
I 1T.C2
T.04
"II .-.!:o
j 27.62 I
.... I H.«5 I
I 2.4Z
I 14.70
i 5.56
.... i S.€l
| 3.13
TA
N'S.
1 I
Lest '• This
Hours 1 Season.
i Lasl
! Season.
> .
...I
', 40.81 :
22.34 '
16. M
1S.T9
10.23
]
I
1S.M
: is. 44
I 1T.C2
T.04
"II .-.!:o
j 27.62 I
.... I H.«5 I
I 2.4Z
I 14.70
i 5.56
.... i S.€l
| 3.13
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leav« Broadway
»v wharf. San Francisco:
Gfflfci^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
HSSjgW March 7. 12. 17. 22. !7. April 1.
|K9^SSX Change to company's steamers
r ° r Vlctorta, Vaneour-r (B.
ESBiBbi&£pyR c >> P° rt Towrssend. Seattl*.
ul VlfffK&l Taeoma, Kverett. Anaccrt-n
and X«w TVhateom (Tv"a-»h.i —
lit n., March 7. 12. 17. «. VT.
April 1. and every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle for this corncany's steamers for
Alaska and O. N". R7. : at Seattle or Taeoma to
N P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— J p. m.. March
9. 14. 19. 24, 29, April 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping eniy at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo Ojom An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. » a, rn. :
steamer SantA Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
neas. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hnenexne. San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro fLo» Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, I a, in.; steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mardalena Bay, San Jos« d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. L* Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mfi.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company* a
folders.
Th» companr reserves th« right to ehang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours at sailinr
withont p'^vJotJ!" notice.
TICKKT OFFICB-4 New Montfomerf
street (Pstnee Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Aft*..
-« ¦ (0 Market t.. B«n Frunclico.
THE 0. Ri & IV. 09.
DISPATCH FAST 8TEAMER3 TO
F> O IR, T L J± 1ST ID
From Bpear-street "WTiarC at 11 a. m.
Finr SI2 First Class Including Berth
lAnC $3 Second Clasj and Meals.
COLUMBIA ealls Mar. 14. 24. Apr. t
GEO. "W. ELDER satis Mar. 9. 19, 23. Apr. S
Short Line to Walla "Walla. Spokane. Bntte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
1 Montiromery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
WKV TORK. 6OrmUMPT0S. L0HD0H. PABI3.
ptopuln^ at Cherbonrir.
From New York Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Vaderland Mar. 27lVaderland April 17
St. Louis April 3 St. Louis >r.*l 14
New Tork .April lol^ew Tork .May t
RED STAR L1NB;
New York and Antwar*.
From New Tork Everv 'Wednesday, 12 noon.
ICoordland Mar. rlWestemland ...April 1?
Krtesland April JlKensinrton ....AT»rtl 24
Soathwark April lOlZeelaad Mar t
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. •
CHA3. D. TAYLOR. General Arent.
Paciflc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KIS1N KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 pi m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
RS. AMERICA MARU.... Friday, March 15. 19f!t
PP. HON'GKONG MARU.. Tuesday. April 9. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3. 190t
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freitrht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Ar»Aan1s> C Q 4*A "*«»"• MU 2*. "e*
oceanics.3.to. ss^sss
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, March 18, 2 o. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Ne-wr
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. March 27. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
; . March , ¦
I D. SPRECXELS k BROS. GO.. Bmera! Agents. 327 Market St
Ooi'l Passongtr Otto, 643 Hartat St.. Piar la. 7, Paofi: Jt
PANAMA R. R. S S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. flftS: Steerage. f4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. sails Tuesday, April 16.
From ¦wharf, foot of Lombard »t., at 2 p. tn.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PAOITIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
COXFAlflA SCD AMERICAMA DS YAPOBtS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
SS. TUCAPEL March 21. 1^1
SS. AREQUIPA April 4. 1901
fS. LIMAKI April 17, l>n
S. PERU April — . lJ«n
At 12 m. from Section 2. Seawall.
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger sen-Ice.
<Nf> change at Acapulo or Panama. > Fretght
and passenger office. 318 California str»et.
BALFOUR. C.ITTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
C0MPAONI2 GENERALS TBANSATLASTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Saillr.c every Thursday. Instead of «^*S~?P»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42.-^******
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre. $33 and upward. Second class to
Havre, 145 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast . Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. Ticket*
sold by alt RaUroad Ticket Agents. _j^
BAY AND HIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello.**
MON., Tues., "Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at tH
a. m.. S:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:S0 a. m., J
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150$.
OCEAN TEAVEL.NE"W£/F APPOINTED JUDGE OF
ALAMEDA COUNTY SUPE
RIOR COURT.
V : A spinster says that an old bachelor !s
a -man who : has lost- an "opportunity, to
make some woman miserable for life."
AUSTIN, Texas, March 14.— Governor
Sayers did not send the expected message
to, the' Legislature ;to-dav on, the. burning
of -the negro" Henderson at Corsic'ana yes
terday-- owing . to the fact that .he Is
awaiting an official reoort from there. Ho
will, it is! said, urge prompt and vigor
ous-, prosecution * of all members -of the
.Will Prosecute the Mob.
WASHINGTON. March -14. -^Colonel
Charles F. Humphrey, who has been chief
quartermaster with * General Chaff eo in
China, has been ordered to the Philip .
pines. He will make a tcur of the islands,
visiting various. posts, and return to Ma
nila about June 1 to assume the duties of
"chief quartermaster ' in' the islands/ re
llavlng Major Miller. .
To Be Chief Quartermaster.
Warrant for W. M. Cooney's Arrest
Mrs. Elizabeth J. Holley, 742 - Minna
street, swdre to a complaint in Judgo
Conlan's court yesterday, charging W. M.
Coonoy with grand larceny. Cooney'is a
con of. the late ex-Judge Cooney and It is
alleged that he is holding certain deeds
belonging to Mrs. Holley with the object
of obtaining from her -money which sho
declares is not duo him or .his father's
estate. A search warrant was secured
that efforts might bf» made to obtain po-'
sesslon of : the deeds and other papers,
valued at $5000. which were alleged to b«
In. the: office of Attorney John J. Barrett
in the Parrott building. .
St. Patrick's Day Celebration.
The final meeting of the executive.com
mittee of the St. Patrick's day convention
w^s held last night in Hibernla Hall.
The several subcommittees reported' thai
all arrangements had been completed for
both the afternoon, and evening exercises
and that the success of the celebration
was assured. The principal feature oMhe
evening exercises at Mechanics' Pavilion
will be the rendition of patriotic airs anil
Irish melodies by a chorus of 230 boys
under the leadership of Brother Hosea.
The Western Addition Improvement
Club has elected the following officers for
the ensuing term: President, F. C. Sel
fridge; vice president, L. T. Samuels; sec
ond vice president, N. B. Greens/elder;
third .vice president. Brooks Palmer;
treasurer. A. J. -Vining; secretary, J.
Henderson; scrgeant-at-arms, L. • - c.
Bertz. Executive • committee — N. b]
Greensfelder. chairman; L.. T. .Samuels,
1% Cross. William Denman. A. J. Vlnlng,'
A. Bbarboro, ISrooks Palrcer, J. Hender
son, F. C. Self ndge, I. Schwartz. A com
mittee was appointed to co-operato with
the Cycle Board, of. Trrtflo to secure the
paving of Valencia -street with •bitumen."
Delegates were elected to attend the or
ganization of the Federation of Western
Addition Improvement Clubs at Saratoga
Hall, on March 27, and ndvocate the press
ing necessity of the immediate paving of
Bush street. The newly elected executive
committee was appointed as delegates to
the Municipal League. The newly elected
officers promise a vigorous campaign for
the better lighting and paving of that sec
tion of the city. , • ¦-;.:>; -
Western Addition Club Meets.
Herman Leske, a recent arrival from
Montana, was invited last night by a
stranger to enter a game of poker at 320
Taylor street. Lesko 'took part in the
game and lost $365. Suspecting that ho
had been made tho .victim of a bunko
steerer he grabbed by the throat the man
who had tendered Wcti the invitation ancl
proceeded to take revenge. He was in
terrupted by Officers Dougherty and Fra
her and Detective Tom' Ryan, who,- how
ever, after listening to his story, arrested
the sharper, who gnvo the name of John
Hansen. He is known to the police as a
clever confidence operator. •
Sharper Beatsn by His Victim.
BRIDGE WILL SPAN
THE COLUMBIA RIVER
Settlement of Cases in Court Opens
Way for Important Railroad
Work in Oregon.
PORTLAND, Or., March 14.— In the Su
perior Court at Vancouver, Wash., to-day
Judge Miller deefded against the Colum
bia Valley Railroad Company Jn its Inter
vention proceedings with the "Washington
and Oregon Railroad Company to con
demn the right of way of the Portland
and Puget Sound Railroad between Van
couver and Lewis River. This is the part
of the grad<# lying within Clark County.
The Jury awarded the Portland and Pu
get Sound Company $11,000 for the 17V4
miles of right of way. -Manager Rice of
the Washington and Oregon Company
paid his company expected to begin con
struction of the line next week. Immedi
ately after the close of the legal proceed
ings in Cowlitz County next Monday.-
He stated that he hoped to have the
road finished within a year, Including a
bridge across the Columbia river at Van
couver.
The first practical evidence In the
Northwest of the combination of»trans
continental railroad interests Is afforded
In the harmonious adjustment of a strug
gle for a track on the north bank of the
Columbia between Vancouver and Ka
lania. This matter has been arranged in
New York, and there will be no fight. It
Is understood the Groat Northern has
been recognized In the adjustment.
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
INCUMBENTS TO REMAIN
WilJ Be Beappointed as Their Terms
Expire, Except Where Charges
Have Been Made.
WASHINGTON, 1 March 11.— Attorney
General Grlgg3 talked with the President
to-day about a number of places under
the Department of Justice, the terms of
the Incumbents being about to expire.
These include a. large number of United
States District Attorneys and marshals.
Except where charges have been made
against incumbents and where the Sena
torial status has changed, the incumbents
will be reappotnted as their terms ex-,
pire. In a few instances new Senators
have succeeded to those who secured ap
pointments four years ago. In a general
way it can be safd that the new Senators
will be allowed to exercise their preroga
tive and name men of their own selection
If they are not .satisfied with the present
officials. ± V
Surplus in Ontario.
OTTAWA. Ont.. March 14.— Mr. Field-
Ing. Minister of Finance.- predicts a sur
plus for the current year of $6,3Ti0,000. Ho
announces no tariff changes except that
machinery for the manufacture of beet
sugar will be placed on the frco list.' -
It Will Cost Tony Andrus $104 for
Windows He Broke in Oak
land Store v
OAKLAND, March" 14.— Revenge is
Bwcot, but it will cost Tony Andrus $104
for what little he had. That is, he will
have to dig up that sum before the peo
ple of the State of California will raise
the embargo that has been put on the
younp man's liberty.
Andrus threw basalt paving; blocks
apainst the plate glass windows in E E
Lyon's store last Saturday night The
missiles did not rebound, but . went
through the glass and narrowly missed
people on the. other side. Andrus kept ud
the practice until he hnd laid waste $104
worth of window. Then he was arrested
" In Police Judge Smith's court this morn-
InR Andrus explained that It was the
-thirst for revenge that had led him to
commit the act. He had been in the em
ploy of the L.yons firm and been dis
charged. Judge Smith fined him the price
of the class.
HIS EEVENGE IS SWEET
BUT RATHER EXPENSIVE
MUSIC FOR KPWOrtTH LEAGUE.— The
Epworth Leapue took preliminary Rteps towarJ
organizing Its great chorus for the Interna
tional religious convention to be held here next
July at the Youni? Men's Christian Association
building last night.
CITAHaES DISMISSED.— M. A. Barlow and
XV. fluerln. who were -arrested Thursday on a
charpe of grand larceny on complaint of "Kid"
Hazel, a racetrack tout, appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday, and as Hazel refused to tes
tify against them the canes were dismissed.
CRIPPLED BOY DfiSERTED.-Louis Bohm.
a boy 7 years of agre. was taken to the City
Prison Wednesday nlftht by Policeman Kav'an
au«h ana yesterday- was sent by Judge Fritz
to the Children's Hospital. The boy was de
gprtftd Sunday by his mother, who lived in the
basement at BS3 Seventh street, and nlnce then
he had been hohbllnir about the streets on
crutches begging.
,L,A BLAN.CHE TUIAb COMMENCED.— The
cape of Ilendy' La , Blanche, the restaurant
.man charged with assault to murder for nhoot
ing his wife Kitty, was called in Judge Cook's
court yesterday, and after- a Jury had been
Impaneled It was •continued till this morn
ing. P. J. Curtln, "the private detective, failed,
to appear as ¦ a witness, and he was arrested
on on attachment,
PTOL.E COPPEK WIRE.- James Brown alias
Furcell, Oscar Ryder alias White and Gus
Oman, charged "with- stealing: 40C0 feet of cop
per wire belonging to the Western Union Tele
graph Company, pleaded guilty to. petty lar
ceny before Judge Cabanlss yesterday. Th«
two former got five months each In the County
Jail and Oman, owing to his youth, four
months.
ON TRIAL FOR COUNTERFEITING —Wil
liam llenton Frltch and his son. Emmet Ben
ton Fritch. were riacwl on trial yesterday in
the United States Diitnct Court on charges
of counterfeiting ten-dollar pieces and of hav
ing counterfeiting tocW and moldB -in their
possession. Judge de Haven -remarked that
as the ten-dollar pieces had not ¦ been gilded
they could not have- deceived any one and
therefore the prisoners, could not be convicted
on the counterfeiting charge. Tho trial then
proceeded on the charges of having counter
feiters' tools, molds, elc:. In their possession. •
DUTIABLE GOODS ON THE HANCOCK.-
Fifteen hundred and fifty cigars, several em
broidered silk shawls und kimonos and other
dutiable articles were seized by customs In
spectors on- the Hancock yesterday.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Owner of Strong Box Is Not Known,
as It Has Not Been
Opened. • .
A small safe was discovered in the ruins
of the Baldwin Hotel yesterday by the
men engaged in clearing away the debrfs.
Every safe that was known to bo in tho
building at the time of the fire has been
accounted for and no one seems to know
to whom the latest find belongs.
The safe was taken away with a load
of rubbish, and as it has not yet been
opened no clew has been obtained as to
the owner.
SMALL SAFE FOUND IN
BALDWIN HOTEL DEBRIS
OBDEBS DISTBIBUTTOET OF
MARY B. TOLANiyS ESTATE
Decedent's Son Given Entire Residue,
Other Devisees Waiving All
Claim.
A decree settling the final . account" o*
George IJ. Mastick as executor of the will
of the late Mary A. Toland and distribut
ing decedent's estate was signed by Judeo
Beawell-yesterday. The executor was al
lowed $516 35 commission and Hugo IJ
Toland. the former administrator, was at •
lowed $2500. For legal services \V. C. Van
Fleet was allowed $1000. '
Mrs. "Toland's estate was appraised at
$119,635 2S. In her will she provided that
one-half of this amount should go to he"
son, Hugo H. Toland,. and out of the
other half the following legacies should be
paid:
• "William Orldley Toland. JHXV); Edwin B
MaBtick. $1000, "for hia ever kindly professional
advice"; Grace Church, $500, for a pew to be
kept for her son and members of her'famHy;
Mary J. Earl. $2000. :n addition to decedent's
wardrobe: the residue to her brother*. John
W. C Morrison and George- Hush Morrison
and the families of her two deceased sisters.
Before distribution could be ordered,
however. $51,828 81 was expended in satis
fying the debts of the deceased and pay
ing expenses of administration. Only
$57,806 47 remained for distribution, and
of this sum $10,000 was paid to William
Grldley Toland. a grandson, who, not sat
isfied with the $2000 bequest, contested de
cedent's will. After allowing a bequeat
of $750 to the Laurel Hill Cemetery Asso
ciation, Judge Seawell ordered the residue
of the estajte distributed § to Hugo Toland.
the other devisees and legatees having re
linquished all claim to decedent's estate.
Cotton Warehouse Burned.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. March 14.— Fire at
Eutaw to-day destroyed the . planters'
warehouse, 1500 bales of cotton and sev
eral cars of freight. . Loss, $100,000.
BERKELEY, March H.-John Enoch
Pond, a student in the middle class of the
Berkeley High School, has the distinc
tion of being the first person to be rec
ommended for appointment to the Naval
Academy at Annapolis from the Hawaiian
Islands. Young Pond is the eon of Lieu
tenant Charles Fremont Pond, who is in
command of the na^al station at Hono
lulu and the United States steamship Iro
quoip, stationed at that port. The recom
mendation was made by Delegate to Con
gress Wilcox of Hawaii.
Pond is 1G years old and a native of this
city. He has resided here most of hia
lire and attended the local schools. He is
a member of the vested choir' of St
Mark's Episcopal Church of this city!
Mrs. Pond, his mother, who is a daughter
of the late Judge John McIIenry of San
Francisco will arrive here from Hono"
lulu seme time this month to be with her
son prior to his departure East on the 1st
? f ?*£ y -t7 OUn ,* Pond wUI Ko to Annapol"
tp take the entrance examinations at that
The young man Is a nephew of Mrs E
of th? s m citv. andMrs - W11 ' iam Kei *h. both
Has Distinction of Being
First Person From
r Hawaii.
POND IS NAMED
FOR ANNAPOLIS
RAI-EIGII. N. C' March 14.— Governor
Avcock to-day sent a t peclal message to
the OenenU Assembly stating that a J40.JW
deficit had b^en found in the accounts of
the State Prison. To Stato Treasurer Lea
rev Major XV. H. Martin. CO years old, a
cl^rk in the office for years until the 10(h
r>f March, 1901. to-dav confessed that he
took the missing monev. which he says
he gave to the church and In chanty. He
was arr**f<ted on a warrant charging em
bezzlement and went to Jail in default of
iis/j bongs.
Deficit in State Prison.
'LONDON. March 11— "Serious disturb
ances by students occurred here March
S." pays the Odessa- correspondent of. the
Time?. "Many wero arrested on charge?
nf defying: tho authorities. The lodgings
of the* ringleaders v.'tre searched, by the
l>oliro. who found inflammatory docu
ment, proving thai the students rfre In
liarmnny with the students in Kieff and
Kharko. The news has hitherto been sup
pressed by the censor." '
SERIOUS DISTURBANCES
CAUSED BY STUDENTS
Goes North to Make, a Valua
ble Collection.
NEW YORK. March H.-J. Alden Lor
ing. curator of mammals in Bronx Park.
Wt to-day for Kodiak Inland and the
*"<>ok Inl<t country. Mr. lx>rlng goes as
the flMd ajrmt of tho Kew York Zoologi
cal Society with in5tructlons to capture
r>nd srnii back hrrf specimens of the
Kodiak boar and while shr-ep, nefther of
which animal ip In captivity at present.
Incidentally Mr. Lorlng is directed tn se
cure specjment of moose, caribou, deer,
brown b«virp and any other animals which
should Btray across his path.
Field Agent of the Zoological Society
NEW YORK DESIRES ,' .
ALASKAN ANIMALS
Representative Easterday of Pierce
County Strikes Another L>e{ris
lator Because of a Vote.
OLYMPIA.' Wash., March ».— Ropre-
Fontativo ICasterday of Pierce County and
Pointer Ruth of Thurpton. County can:e
to blows on the floor of the Senate ye?
t^rday afternoon. The trouble arose owr
Kuth'p- votr- in favor nf po.-tponing a bill
To rrr»eal the present libel laws of the
Htatr.
Rrprcprntalive Easterday was rn tho
Senate Door and hs soon :i? he ?aw that
hi* bill wa* bonten *io walked over to
Ruth and cailci the latter a liar and ac
cused him nf promising lo support tho
Mil. Ruth retorted sharply and Kasterday
struck him.
The wildopt rxrltemcnt prevailed, and
for a mniBcnt it looked nt\ though the ses
sion of the Senate would wind up in a dis
praof fu! some. Senator Baker of Kllcki
lat reJi^Vf-d the situation hy moving to ad
journ until evening. The motion was car
ried. Th<» defeat of th<* libel repeal law is
n victory for the newspapers of the State.
LAWMAKERS FIGHT IN
WASHINGTON'S SENATE
Or-neral and Mr?,. MMes and their son.
Sherman Miles; Quartermaster General
and Mrs. Ludington. Colonel H. II. Wylie,
artfllerj corps, aM-de-camp to General
Mile?: Albert A. Pope of Boston. Frank
Wtborg of Cincinnati and General* Miles'
ccorftary and orderly, left here for C\iba
to-night over the Southern Railway.
After sending about two days at Palm
Reach. Fla.. the party will "embark at
Miami for Havana. It is the purpose of
<J^n*"ral Miles and General Ludington to
inspect the principal militarv posts in
<"uba. but their itinerary wUl not be ar
ranged until after their arrival In Ha
vana.
<>*>noral "Woo«l. commanding the De-
I'arnifnt of Cuba, has arranged to place
:i Government fteamer at the disposal of
General Milf>s, and it undoubtedly will be
utilized during the trip. It is expected
that the party. will start back from Cuba
tlie latter p«rt of next week. Although
• "."n^ral Mik" has been commissioned to
look into certain military matters for the
F«-rr*»tary of War. it is stated with the
utmost positivorfss at th»» War Depart
ment that General Mites' visit has no
<onnmkm with the political affairs in
Cuba.
Will Visit Island's Military Posts,
; but. riirther It jnerflxy Is Not
Yet Arranged.
WASHINGTON. .March 14.-L!eutenant
GENERAL MILES AND HIS
PARTY LEAVE FOR CUBA
Although Sawyer was reputed to be
highly connected and to have' plenty of
money at the time of his death, It de
veloped upon investigation by the Coro
ner "and Public Administrator of the ef
fects of the derid man to-day that ail of
the valuables In his possession consisted
of J2 50 in cash and a silver watch.
There were no checks or other negotiable
papers and nothing to indicate that he
was the possessor of a bank account or
of an Income of any kind. His room bill,
which he had paid regularly every Tues
day for several months, was- due the
morning after he died, and it is believed
he did not have sufficient funds to pay K.
A few days before he died Mr. Sawyer
in a conversation with, the hotel clerk
said that as he was getting along in years
it would be a -good idea, to make out »
list of his relatives in case of sudden
death. This list was found among his ef
fects after he died. It contained the name
of Mrs, Joseph Nash, formerly Mrs. C. H.
Henderson, of 3100 Pacific avenue. San
Francisco, who is supposed to be his sls-
The name of I... S. B. Sawyer, a lawyer
of San Francisco, also appeared oh. tho
list. - Both were telegraphed upon Saw
yer's death and Mrs. Nash returned the
telegram, saying she did not care to have
anything to do with the matter. ¦ The
brother .has • been telegraphed several
times, but up to a late hour no word. had
been received from him..
Mr. Sawyer had in safe keeping In tne
vault of the hotel a large envelope ad
dressed to H. T. Dawley. private secre
tary to Marvin Hughltt, president of the
Northwestern Railroad, which was sealed
in several places with wax. Inside of It
were three other separate envelopes,
sealed eaually secure, and all that was
found In them was In the last envelope, a
pamphlet bearing the fltle "In and Around
Chicago."
•Many similar Indications of insanity
were discovered among, his effects. At
the post mortem examination the. curious
feature of the case was passed over and
it was decided he had died of heart fail
ure. -- ' •'¦<,"•*>¦'
CHICAGO. March 14.— Instead of dying
from heart disease, as. at first supposed,
W. C. Sa"wycr of New York, who was
found dead In bed at the Wellington Hotel
Monday afternoon, is believed to have
committed suicide. Developments In the
case and the circumstances surrounding
the death Indicate, that Mr. Sawyer's
mind 'was affected.
Investigation Deyelops^That
His Funds Were Almost
Exhausted.
BELIEVE SAWYER
KILLED HIMSELF
named colored, were convicted of battery
by Judge Conlan yesterday and were or
dered to appear for sentence this morn
ing. They were convicted of brutally as
saulting Mrs. Harry Piper at her resi
dence. 28 Birch avenue, on Saturday,
March 2, while forcefully removing her
piano because she was In arrears on pay
ments to the Heine- Planq Company.
Mrs. Piper testified that Woenne«mtruek
her under the left breast 'twice and; while
she was sitting on the doorstep in a semi
conscious condition kicked her in the
back. She Was still suffering from tho
blows, she said.
Dr. S. XV. Truitt testified to having ex
amined Mrs. Piper and finding bruises on
her, left side and back.
The defense attempted to show that
Mrs. Piper commenced the attack by slap
ping Woenne on the face and attempting
to strike him with a baby's chair. "Woenno
made the assertion, but he received no
corroboration from either P?nn or Charles
Cooper, another colored man, who was a
co-defendant.
The Judge dismissed the charge against
Cooper, and In convicting Woenne and
Penn characterized their action as out
rageous and cowardly In the extreme.
Action of William Woenne and John
Penn Characterized as Out-*
rageous.
Wllliam'Woenne and John Penn. the last
MRS. PIPER'S ASSAILANTS
CONVICTED OF BATTERY
to the Standard from Butte says: The
police officials made public to-day the de
tails of an attempt to blackmail Charles
\V. Clark, son of Senator W. A. Clark,
out of $3000. Mr. Clark a few days ago
received a letter directing him to send tho
money in. small bllla to "Wyose," Butte
Postofflce. The blackmailer added signifi
cantly that he was a dead shot.
The letter was turned over to the pest
ofnee authorities and the police. The gen
eral delivery window was watched for
several days and finally a small boy
called for a package addressed "Wyose.
He was arrested and ryiestioned. He said
a masked man had given him 25 cents to
call for the package. He proved his In
nocence. The blackmailer is still at large.
Steamers for Alaskan Trade.
VICTORIA^ B. C. March 14.— Manager
Troup^of tne Canadian Pacific Naviga
tion Company announces that the com
pany will place the steamers Islander.
Amur. Danube and Tees on the Skaguay
ruo, and they are looking for two more
steamers that wilVfoe better than any now
on the routes.
Son' of Senator Clark of Montana Se
lected by Unknown Miscreant
for Attempted Extortion.
ANACONDA. Mont.. March 14.— A special
POLICE MAKE FTTBUC
BLACKMAILER'S SCHEME
Colorado Statesman Declares That tho
Cuban People Have Not Been
Treated With Justice.
CHICAGO. March 14.— "I think the na
tional administration should have kept
faith with Cuba and granted the peoplo
of that island their Independence." said
United States Senator Teller of Colorado
to-day, who passed through Chicago en
route to Denver.
"The Cubans should have received jU3t
what was promised them — their indepen
dence. Then after that ha/i been don#»
this Government could have taken up the
concessions demanded of those p<*oplo
through diplomatic relations. As a mem
ber of the Cuban Relations Committee of
the Senate." I did not vote in favor of tha
demands made on tbe Cuban constitution
al convention, nor did I vote for them tn
the Senate. The people of the Island dkl
not have an opportunity to demonstrate
¦what they can or cannot do. I don't
look for any trouble down there, howevf.".
as they seem to be reconciled tr> their
fate, for the time being at least."
GEANT INDEPENDENCE 7 ;V
• SAYS. SENATOR TELLER
NEW GRAND OFFICERS OF
THE ORDER OF THE AMA
RANTH.
Deputy County Clerk James Glover will
be assigned to the new department.
Harry A. Melvin. the new Alameda
County Superior Judge, is orie of the
most popular members of the Alameda
County bar. He is a comparatively young
man, but ranks high in his profession,
particularly as an expert lawyer. Ho has
been Chief Deputy District Attorney for
some years, has served as Deputy At
torney General, and is well known as an
orator. He made his mark in several
cases, both civil and criminal, where he
was compelled to . handle the most dif
ficult kind of medical testimony, particu
larly in the Brandes case. There was not
a single attorney in Alameda County who
opposed his appointment to this position,
and most of them actively favored it.
After the installation there was the pre
sentation of a token of remembrance
from Crescent Court to the retiring royal
grand matron and a number ef com -atu
latory addresses. . «
• -«
•warder; Hattle Alexander, grand marshal In
the east; Cora -Greely; grand marshal In the
west, and George XV. Drew, grand sentinel.
Honored Lady Addie I... Ballou, royal grand
matron; Sir Knight Florin L.. Jones, grand
royal patron; Marguerite Bemls, grand royal
associate matron; J. B. 'Hughes, grand royal
associate' patron: F. C. Sommers, grand treas
urer; Mary Gllmore Dunn) grand secretary:
Lizzie Cunningham, srand conductress; Ella
Williams, erand associate conductress; A. M.
Betts, grand lecturer; Mary J. Parker, ftrand
prelate: Mary G- Wiley, grand marshal; Fidelia
Anderson, grand Truth: Emma C. MalRren,
Rrand Faith: Anna Dlffenbacher, grand Wis
dom; Anna Lambert, grand Charity; Barbara
Sommers, grand herald; MelHsia Hester, grand
At the session yesterday a. number of
suggestions for the advancement of the
organization were adopted and they will
be put into force during the course of the
year. The following named were elected
the officers for the current year and were
Installed by the retiring- grand royal ma
tron, Mrs. Alexander:
Gate Hall in the presence of nearly one
hundred members by Initiating four
strangers. The work of fh^ officers was
nearly perfection and was most favorably
commented upon. For the good of the
order the grand royal matron, Mrs. Hat
tie E. Alexander, delivered , an eloquent
address, as did also the grand royal pa
tron, R. Williams, after which there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where there was. served a supper, and. Sir
Knight Florin L. Jones acted as troast
master. There were responses to toasts
by the grand officers. Sir Knights Lloyd
of Los Angeles, George L. Darling, H. M.
Owens, A. M. Betts and Bemls an/1 Asso
ciate Grand Royal Matron Mrs. Ballou,
Royal Patron F. C. Sommers and others..
American District Telegraph Com
pany Petitions Supervisors for
Privileges.
The American District Telegraph Com
pany is beginning to feel the competition
of the. California Messenger Company,
which is composed of boys, and yesterday
President Charles Ackerman of the first
named corporation appeared before the
Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors with a demand for the same priv
ileges now enjoyed by the boys' company.
"'Superintendent of . Electricity Hewitt
was authorized two years ago to define
the common points at which overhead
wires were to cross certain streets," said
Ackerman. "but that official has taken
no action. We ask to be permitted to
string our wires overhead and to operate
a 'push button' system, so as toenable us
to compete with the boy messenger com
panies, who enioy the privileges named:
We ask that Mr. Hewitt be cited to ap
pear and explain wh,y he has not denned
the common points of crossing and show
why we. should not he given equal priv
ileges with the boys."
The matter went over until next Thurs
day, when representatives of the two
companies will be cited to appear.
BIG MESSENGER COMPANY
AFRAID OF BOYS' SERVICE
LONDON, March 14.-In the House of
Lords to-day Lord Salisbury warmly sup
ported the Bishop of Winchester's habit
ual drunkards' bill. He said he was en
tirely In sympathy with the measure,
which fixes higher penalties than in tha
case of simple drunkenness, especially In
the case of a person drunk ¦when In
charge of a child.
The bill provides that habitual drunk
enness should be treated as persistent
cruelty and entitle a wife tb divorce. The
sale of liquors to inebriates is forbidden.
Lord Salisbury said he hoped that ho or
the Government might succeed in passing
the bill. What was ordinarily called tem
perance legislation was diminishing th^i
power of obtaining Intoxicants. This class
of legislation was uirected against per
sons guilty of intemperance, but it also
affected the large body who were thereby
restricted in their natural liberty by the
desire qf legislators to deal with In
ebriates, which seemed to*be unjust.
The bill was passed to Its second read
Ing.
Salisbury Approves of the
Measure Fixing Higher
Penalties.
FAVORS HABITUAL
DRUNKARDS' BILL
This will- cause some' rearrangement of
other offices. It will leave a vacancy in
the District Attorney's office, where
Judge Melvin was chief deputy, and it
will probably make necessary • another
deputy in that office to act as prosecutor
of that court, there being one Deputy
District Attorney for each court at pres
ent. It is probable that Assemblyman
David F. McWade will be given one place
in the office. The young Assemblyman
from Alameda County' is already an ad
mitted attorney with a substantial prac
tice and stands very high in his profes-
Fion 'or a young man. He has made an
admirable Vecord at Sacramento for a
first term member, and has accomplished
much for Alameda County by his care
ful work. His term as Assemblyman
closes with this session and it is probable
that his good work at Sacramento will be
rewarded.
Judge Melvin will have a conference
with his associates upon the bench of
this county to-morrow, and there will be
pome arrangement made with the other
four Judges about quarters, and the as
signment of cases. It Is -probable that
the new court will t>e devoted exclusively
.to probate, and all new cases and some
of the pending ones will be assigned to
the new department.
The bill becomes operative at once, and
while. Alameda County has no place in
which its new Judge can sit. it has a
new Judge. It is expected, however, that
the new court will be put into operation
in the rooms of the Board of Supervisors,
and that it will begin work next week,
when Judge Melvin will ascend the bench
in the presence of his friends and fellow
members of the Alameda County Bar As
sociation. •
OAKLAND. March 14.-Harry A.
Melvin. chief deputy In the Dis
trict Attorney's office, arrived
from Sacramento to-night with
the bill creating a fifth Superior
Judge for Alameda County In his pocket,
signed by Governor Gage, and in the
pocket with the bill was his commission
as Judge, signed, also, by the Governor.
In response to a question from Mr. Mott.
Attorney Moore paid the reason the com
pany had restrained the Council from
passing an ordinance was because his
dfenta had information that the Council
was about to establish rates on the basis
nf a J3.OOi.oon valuation. Mott retorted that
there had not been a slnple expression
during the inquiry which would give the
company the slightest ground for knowing
what valuation would be placed on the
water company's property.
OAKLAND. March 14— Lewis A. Hicks,
one of the city's experts, was before the
City Council to-night as a 'witness in the
water ratrs" inquiry. His testimony bore
upon estimates of the cost of operation
and drtn:!? of handling- the plants In other
cities, with relation to comparative figures
upon the Oakland system for supply, it*
rost, etc. Attorney Moore was relegated
temporarily to a back coat by the Coun
cil, after he had protested against not be
ing permitted to then place another bunch
of. witnesses on the stand in behalf of the
water company.
Lewis A. Hicks on Cost.
Council Listens. to Testimony Fron
HEARS EXPERT FOR CITY.
It is to forestall thi* hearing, which the
city s cnursrl maintains ha* been illegally
nored. that the matter will b*» taken
¦ n !" tbeSopwtn* Count, where Judge Hart
will be h<?!d up on the defensive concern
ins his restraint.
Paper? have been drawn hy Special
< nunsel tim-nr «n<1 every effort will be
ma£r to expedite the hearing before the
Supreme Court that there may be a
ppeedy clearing up of the complications
which have arisen in the water rates suit
r"»cau«=e of the water corporation's latest
rr.ove to prevent the fixing of a schedule
by the present City Council.
Sproial Counsel Hayne stands upon the
flaw ground that Judge Hart in granting
the ordrr applied for by the Contra Cofm
1J ator < otnpany far exceeded his jurisdic
tion and his authority. As> the matter
row Mand?. the City Councilman will be
compel]^ to eo into court on Monday be
[wtiitSS^ 1 **** and Phow why "they
rhoulrt not he permanently prohibited, en
..'? .2 a retrained from fixing a sched
-K- that win yield to the water mmpanv
d revenue of less than pw.m a year cross
or an Income net cf : per cent o'n a valua
tion of J7.nno.ono. with allowance for va
rious items ol depreciation in the prop-
In accordance with this deoislon.«a peti
tion will be f;!ed to-morrow before the
Supreme Court for a writ of prohibition
rt.rocted against Judge Hart to prevent
nim fronf restraining the Council in the
; rmt< i^oi°i<> flXlnB the rates for the fiscal
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 14.
The city of Oakland proposes to go into
the restraining business Itself. The city's
attorneys In the water rates suit are not
Futiefiod to allow Judge Hart's order of
temporary injunction against the fixing of
rntrs to re?t without an appeal to the Su
rrrmp Court. Snrclal Counsel Hayne ha?
decided to po before the Supreme Court
at onoe to trst the question. «}f the legality
cf Judge Hart's action.
Application for Writ of Prohibition
Against the Granting of In
junction on Fixing Water
Kates.
£pscial Counsel Prepares
.Appeal to the Supreme
Court.
CITY TO RESIST
RESTRAINT ORDER
wet towel knotted about her throat. So
tightly was the bandage fastened thai
Curtis was compelled to cut it off. A3
soon as the tight binding was removed h«»
summoned assistance and In the course
of a couple of hours the patient had been
resuscitated.
Miss Smith's first altfmnt to pass out
of existence occurred in the same ward,
when she filled a bathtub with water and
was nearly dead from drowning when th»»
prison keepers discovered her condition.
After she was restored the policemen were
assured that the experience was enough,
but the young woman forgot her pledge.
Only a few weeks later she repeated the
bathtub episode ar.d again was brought
back to the life she" evidently desired tr»
leave. The third time she leaped oft
Broadway wharf fnto the harbor, .igatr.
a policeman was on "hand and after drag
ging her out of the water sent her to th<»
City Jail. Barely recovered from the ef
fects of her struggle in the bay. Ml**
Smith tore a blanket Into shreds and uae-l
an impipvised rope to execute herself. A
fourth time she was resuscitated.
After to-day's experience the Jail watch
men will keep within rosy reach cf their
suicidal prisoner, but they feel sure, dj
'spite their vleil. that she will try to swell
the record of her flirtations with death..
this morning in the -cman's ward of tha
City Prison after the despondent woman
had been sent from the Police Court to
serve a short sentence.
Prison-keeper Curtis had a watchful eyo
upon his melancholy ward and not a ratn
ute too soon did he arrive on the seen* of
her fifth start for the grave. When Cur
tis, attracted to the woman's department
by a premonition that • something: wa*
wrong, entered the ward he found Mlaa
Smith hidden from view beneath a blan
ket on her cot. •
The policeman threw back the covers
and saw the object of his call almost .
black in the face from suffocation with a
Oakland Office San Francisco Can.
HIS Brrudway. March 14.
-Five times within as many months has
Marguerite Smith, a young; domestic with
a fondness for alcoholic stimulant, been
rescued from death by the timely inter
ference of the police. Five times has Mis»
Smith tried to end all of her troubles only
to be checked by the prompt action of
some guardian of the ' peace who knew
her falling. The last attemDt was mado
Police Foil Young Woman's
Attempts to End Her
Own Life.
Marguerite Smith Adds to the Record
of Her Various Efforts in the
Line of Self-Destruc
tion.
FIVE TIMES SHE
TRIES FOR DEATH
Soon after the shooting Look On was
taken to the Receiving Hospital. His
wounds are serious, but not necessarily
fatal.
The trouble among Chinese in San Jose
has cost numerous lives and is due to
quarrels over Chinese girls. .The Celes
tials of the Garden City are in direct
touch with the highbinders, of San Fran
cisco, and it is not a difficult matter to
trace- the shooting of this morning to a
desire of the members of the- tongs to
carry on the warfare in this city. The
agents of the rival tongs met in. this/ city
a week ago and practically agreed to
transfer the scene of strife to the larger
field presented by San Francisco's Chi
nese Quarter. !¦¦
The shooting is the result of the war
that has been wa?cil for the last six
months in San Jose and is regarded as
the forerunner of many more desperate
affrays in the Chinese quarter of this city.
'* About 1 o'clock this morning, under the
bright glare of the lights in Ross alley
and while hundreds of " Mongols were
tramping back and <orth_ through the nar
row thoroughfare. Look On, a member of
.the Bow On Tons, v.a&.shot at four times
by Ong Sing Och of the Hip Sing Tong.
The aim of the Celestial was poor, but
two of the shots' taking effect, one pen
etrating, his 'hip and the other striking
him on th<! kneecap.
Two. Bullets Fired by Member of Hip
Sing Tong Seriously Wound
Look On of Bow
Attempted Murder Is- Result
of Late Battles in San
CHINESE SHOT
IN ROSS ALLEY
ORDER OF THE AMARANTH
ADJOURNS GRAND COURT
New Officers Chosen for the Current Term.
Presentation to the Royal Grand Matron.
THE_ Grand Court of California of
the Degree of ' the Amaranth,
after being in session for two'
days, closed its labors yesterday
afternoon. This order, which has
been established but two years In this
State, it was shown by .the reports pre
sented, has- a membership in its four
lodges of about BOO, with an increase of
200 during the last year. But three deaths
were reported during the year. Finan
cially the order is in a remarkably good
condition.
On Wednesday night the officers of
Crescent Court of this city exemplified
the ritualistic and floor work in Golden
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JfclARCH 15, 1901.
Will Serve as the Fifth Member of Alameda
County Bench, Beginning Next Week.
H. A. MELVIN APPOINTED
TO SUPERIOR JUDGESHIP
C
9
THE SUNDAY CALL
• MARCH SEVENTEEN.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO (XO OOOOOO OO^O^OO^Q
OOOOO OOOO OOOOOOOO 0000 000000000 0-000 0000 0000 0000 0000
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO
0000 0 000 0 0000 000 OOO 00 OOOO OOOOO OOO OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOO
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO ¦¦¦—ii^^'i^— OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
ooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooo
OOOOCJOOOOOOOOOOOO A TKAitM«^ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO . ** lilUWotlllU OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooo « - -. t# . ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo ACFSS 01 o3tl. ooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO .- . COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooo Bv Jose de 0 ivares ooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 7 . :- ' OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOO OOOO OOOQOOOO. ", • "'¦••¦ . O.OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
ooooooooooooooooo . ¦ ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo ¦ ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo At tfl2 a Dunnv ooooooooooooooooo
' . OOOOOO *** " lb *»***mj OOOOOO"
oooooo Hud" Dnnrp oooooo
nm." ' oooooo I1V S *«*nce. oooooo t»i«-
ITIS OOOOOO „ A n OOOOOO 1 J1C
X11 * oooooo Bj»,Anne fc^e. oooooo X11W
• oooooo - . oooooo — _
Ct A m 7 OOOOOO .v OOOOOO flif]
iJlOiy oooooo . \ oooooo vSlrl
** oooooo T\\c Ruildind nf oooooo
c oooooo 1UC KVIlUlflJJ Ol oooooo TTT'ti.
Ol OOOOOO T Tn*r\r»»c Not,t OOOOOO WIlM.
vx : oooooo JLipiOil S WCW oooooo " ***•*
TMhr «¦»«¦««¦»*>»«¦ iflCflt. • ¦*«««••»*•» tllC
o^o"o"o"^ : • oooooo __.
T rf /¦* oooooo " ' oooooo D A cn
LIIS. . 0oo0 °°. Farlvtlav oooooo * ROM;
. : ,v-. oooooo Lany vay oqoooo
ftv oooooo Theatricals in oooooo in Hpt*
*Jy . oooooo _ _ . oooooo *** ***'*
_ oooooo San ' Francisco, oooooo
T^7»T\rnt^ oooooo ¦ . oooooo n?tfr>
Pap.lIllU. qooooo . By Harry Gatei. oooooo llCUl
r OOOOOO , •»*"•"*«««*• OOOOOO
* • nnnnnrs nnnnnnl •¦
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO -. i* OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOO - BOC'KS. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO _ - OOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooo Fiction ' ooooooooooooooooo
OCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO -»«v**y«* OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooo - nnri * Hniivohnirl ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo fluu uuuxuuia ooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOO M-**-«- COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooo i*iaiicrs. ooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ¦¦.'. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO —^— OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOO OOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOO OOO OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOO OOO OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOO OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAKCH 15, 1901;
10
sax rnAXCisco call.
BCEnCESS OFFICE cf The San Franciso
Cell, corrcr of Market an;! Third streets: open
until 12 o'rlcck every r.ljrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 577 Montscraery street,
corner Clay: oj-on until 9:30 p. no.
•Srn I Is. ye* Ftrt-ct; open VPt!l S:30 p. m.
i?£ McAllister street; cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
<!5 Lar!;:n urert; cpen until S:3n p. ra.
1S4! Mit-rion ttreet; open until 1« p. m.
IT'l *'ar!:«t street. corner fifteenth; open
until S p. ra
Jf*6 Eleventh street; or^n until 9 pm.
3^6 Valencia rtr^et; open urtll 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twerty-sf-ccnd and Ken-
fjrkv ftreets: open UTitll 9 p. m.
• . MEBTOIG KOTICES.
CALIFORNIA ConimsndMT No. 1. K. s-
T.. * P<M st.T-Hr^ular HF*eir.bly THIS (M,
EVEXIXG ct 7:20 o'clock; Order of fCjg
the Temple. All fraters eaaxteovaly W
Invited. JJ> order of'th? Commander.
" HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.^
lXIFatTfaTtK Union Lotfge No. 17, F. fk
and A. M— Called meeting rRIDAY. ,-«%_
Marrh l."th. S i>. m.; First Degree. liy j£. JiT
order o! tie U\ M. / TT >
P. ST. JULLIEX. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 1SS. F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting FRIDAY. * Iarcll -^\-
15. at '-' SO r m. for '¦)¦¦<¦ purpose >'' /%>\
conducting the funera! *»rvires of ou."'"
late brother. JOHN COSGROVE. By order
of the W. M. H. FORTKIEDE. Sec.
DORIC Ledge No." 216. F. and A. M.— a
Special meeting THIS <FIUDAT)
EVENING Rt 7;=0 oclock; First LV- }&J\
grec. By order cf th» Master. f •
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
THE nffli-ers and merr.foers of Xing Solo- •
mon's L.-dce No. S>M. F. and A. 11.. _JV_
are rt-r;u^Fte<l to attend the funeral of >£jf
our '.ieo«-af*<i hrottvr. WILLIAM'*'*
ALEXANDER ROBKRTPON. from the Ma-
sonic Temple on SATURDAY. March Kth, at
1 o'clork p. m. HARRY HAEHR. Secretary.
A POLI.O Lodr^ N^TTHnTo. O. F.
-Thtr.1 J^egi-^e THIS ¦ FIIII>AY>
NJGHT. Memorial Hall, S o'clock. -^fS^r
Visitors end memb«:s * cordially • "/""•
invite.; CTIAB. K. PESRT. ST. G.
W. F. NPRCnOSS. Rpc Sec.
REGULAR rr.ecting r.f the Cale- . XT Sa
rirr.lan i-'.v.h THIS EVENING at S tfciSJ i
o'clock. Scottish Hall, 117 Lar- isK!L\jZ
hin st. A. M. ltACPHEBSOX. **^3*
.TAP. H. IirXCAX. S«-j\ Chief. |
FAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 1?. 1C -v~w
O. T. M.-Rev'.ew THIS (FRIDAY) //&»&
KVrNING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer jvi^X'
Ha::. U Fo-arth rt. *$ &>&}
It. II. CASTLE. "n*&!S?
Record Keeper.
reers' Society: The now-
ly ur-FF.ni7.e2 Srx-jety of !
i.sa Pioneers iir.r.1 will / t *4 s t.^tij»?'£a' '
hold its first social meet- m^&^jSjJfvj i
ins MONDAY. Man-h *^ ar^ r*.-^ar :
It, it 3 p. m., at Pioneer Hall. All mem- j
f'rs if the Society of California 1'icnfers !
i-.r.l thc;r families are cordially invited to I
atten-V <Cards of admlteion will be Issued !
to the femilies of ex-mem!>ers and deceased \
members ujk n arrlication to the secretary, j
1TISS r>E FOREST. 30«'i0 California rt.)
JCOTTCE— M. E. B. A.. ST.. Please «ieet at ]
1I:!'» p. m. at reading; rooms. March S, to at- I
tend the feneral of late John Cosgrove '
C. P. TRUE. Sec. J. R. FLOUD. Pres. \
I* ETA IT., Drusr Clerks' A«*oclotlon meets TO- i
NIGHT. Knights' Pythias Hall. 10:30.
AXKTJAL Meet:r.R-The annual meetinp of the j
ftr.ckholder$ cf the Western Sugar Refining
Cn*r.rsny ¦will be held at the efflce of the I
compRny. 227 Market st.. Pan Franc!sco Cai i
on MOKDAT. the 25th day cf March. 1301.
Bt the hour of i; m.. for the purpose of ;
flectir.p a beard cf dlrec'crs to serve for
the er.suir.K year and the transaction cf
such other business us may ecme before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri- !
day. March 35. 19GJ si U m.
W. II. HAVN'AM. Secretary. !
AGENTS WAXTEH. ~~ :
AGENTS enl Foli<-it<»rs wanted to represent a i
w. il-estal'Msbed publishing company; male or I
female; wages or commission Ruaranteed j
Oakland. Alameda. S. F.. etc. Co» 2C&1, Call, j
EXPERIENCED insurance fcifents. Ca!l at j
room irx t?T Market st.. corner Sixth.
WANTED-Aper.ts In earh cKy; cood money! i
Par.fl- Tract M. & L. Co.. 4£0 fth. Oakland. }
AT LAW.
AOVICE free; diverge law a specialty; private; 1
no fee v.-ithout Furres?; collections G W
HOWE, af.y at law, fc^i Market, cor. St >cktn! j
J. H. McK.VlGHT. collections: damages; e»-
tntes: mir.irg: open even. 512 Pariott b«B.
1'KANK \V. FMTTH, mining ami probate law a '¦
H>ec!aity. Mills l.'.g.. r. S. 4th flf.; tel. Red 3S1S. j
AOVICE fre«: no chare-* unless successful W. i
W. DAVIX>SO.V. m Market st., opp. Mason.
1. F CX.ARK. Enna Spr?ckels bid*.. 927 Mar- j
l:et rt ; consultation free; no fees In advance. I
. ASPHALTUI ROOKI.XG.
2. PELTIER. a«rhalt roofing, sidewalk* re- i
ralrf-c; postal. 11SS Migrlon: tel. Folsom 1607. j
UOAKBIXG Foil CIHLDREX.
CHILDREN boarded; good home. 1719 O^Fa^
rell £t.
BtSIXESS CIIAXC1SS. ~
A- SO; PLUMBING ehop, established~rnanv
years end doing a first class paying business;
rent IS 5*2" location b*«t; business street
Western A.33. R. q. WILKE. 26>» Kearny st.
a-j:«k«i; CHOPHOC6E and rertaurant on
Davis 5t. ; ke;*t by present owner 7 years; a
f.rFt class- laying business. Call R. G
V.ILKt:. 2C'* KearrT ft.
A— Jl<»<>: SALOO.V. close to Palace Hotel; net
rent |37 U* old established; welf paying; ele-
pam fixtures; about $300 stock, on hand; a
*•¦!<. r.did char.ee. K. G. WILKE. K'a Kearny.
A— $300; trio Alt jrtar.d: rent «3O; dally receipts
%Y1: located close to PaJace Hotel. Call R l»
V.ILKE. 26'jj Kearny st. . • "
A-J:;Mi: CORXUR gTocery and bar on Cali-
fornia "Ft. : choicest location in this city; «roo-l
j.aying i.loce; clean stock, eocd fixtures. C*U
P.. G. WILKK. 26H Kea«jy Et.
A-tlCO: STATIONKRY store; 2 llvinc rooms;
rent Slt>; rood tju.-inest; for man and wife.
Call R. O. WILKE. 2W* Kearny sv
A— J12C0: RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
I>; place estab. yean?; dally roeeicts fcO;
trial irivon; a good business and best loca-
tion. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Et.
A— j;:0; SALOON; clearing: |15j per month; lent
}<0; established many yeart;- only day busl-
nerr: location bes<t in this city. Cail R. G.
WILKK. ¦*'>. Kearny tt.
-.— JT.Vi; COR-CHR crocery and bar; -northern
jiart of city; death of owner cause of sale; a
jfoofi t>i!s:net-;s for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKK. CC'.r Kearr.y rt.
A— t'lUj: SALOON - close to Montgomery st. :
I>iac«? ftrfttf '-If I In year*; clearing al least
T10 p-t month": Z furnished rooms Included:
lent V,'.. Call R. G. WILKK. :6 l ,i K«rarny et.
A — tiZJd: CAFE and rerta-jrar.t: elegantly fitted
up cn<1 coins a ruhhlng business: located
close tu I'nv.tM and Market sts. Cell R. G.
WILKK. rc'i Kearny st.
A-I'-Of.; CORNER butcher shop in northern
part of city: rent J2'i: horse, cart; selling *
catile and about 13 sheep per week; a ca«h
custom. Call It. G. WILKK. C6V» Kearny rt.
$eoo-nC.\tt»ING-HOUSE. ~21 rV>ms~and bar;
?.n kooo boai-flf-rv; one of the best paying
liousex In the city and the (greatest bar-pain
ever offered for will clear $1V) to $201
ier month: rn-jn sell this week, as the owner'
has other buriner* to attend to in the coun-
try. Iluslnws ISoard of Trade. 32S Pine et .
opportt* San Francisco Stock exchange.
CALL to-day for ha-salns. Burlnese Beard of
Trarto. Uvrry an4 boarding stable, $icoo ;
fa^h grocery and bar. for the Invoice: half
Interest In old reliable Ftore; fine Iodine-
house. 15 roorr.s. 226 Pine st.
?.T/ -Tomer rnlpon; bargain; eieicn<«-s cause cf
— -:_^- I "} l ' O " I - l: '' & co • 77T1^ Market st.
flS' 1 — PARTNEK wanted: Indoor commission
bttMneyy. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777Vi Market.
•CJrCASfof Man and factory: bargain : leav-
Irsr rtty kum of tzle. UcLAt.'GHLrx &
CO.. 777Vi Market Ft.
AN unprecedented sacrifice; TJ-room brick ho-
'.el nn<1 furniture: ¦l.v.r.g Immense flm-class
til a tay) l,v!f.-ir«s: ccft and ucrih JSO.OOO:
*r.'ere(J for JlC.itJ; hs* rented for MOO; now
run Ijy oun^r. ¦.¦ -~-
X T). FICKF.LP. the Ir.nd Atfer.t. C Geary n.
HOTEL, country. (0 -ocmr; rent I7E: livery at-
tached: itc-o*; l-usin'-<i<: price ?2^C0; easy tenxifc-
•.-.ill early lor this barsoln.
G. »V FCHVriCINHARD.
RQ.-K3 ?. 317 Mitel M.. opp. Mason.
10* CIGAR stands. SM groceries *nd bars.
SO candy ar.d ieecr»*m storrs. UM restaurants.
M *totes or nil kind*: partners vranted.
J'arlies v.itii Jico vu enn l>e sjited.
WALTlCIt HAYES &• CO., K.« Market *t.
TiTS— PXSTAt.'BAN'f; good location ; dally re-
<vp;tK *Zl>: reiit fl*» per month: Rood fixture*:
5 ro';ms in irar. Apply LUNDIX & CO., ?06
Market rt. .
A A— M'.iii: CiJt_*NlJ opj>ortunli» for lady or pent.;
location f*Tfc?i: ciirsr?, periodicals, notion*.
Wpitlnt-roon'. CZH r.ve. ffatlon. K. Oaklnnd
A.-V-C-: PABTJCCB •••.intcd; !Is-ht busine-sTTn.
tn 5J3 n «Kk ea>-ii: no experience requiretl;
tr'al river., ir, Gecr>- rt.. room 1.
ATTENTION'— Krst«urant 4iS Third ct. to be
sold ft forcM sale. For particu'.ars apply
P. McRAtX 1ST Mist-Ion rt.
I>IJV eoods fcddlinir. countrj' route, wagon and
te.->.tn; Mr money: owner retiring rlchi Cai.
Hot. Atsn.. Id Market tU
SPLENDID established newspaper and print-
ing cpeninp; whole or half interest for sr.l«:
$150 down, balance time and work; owner has
too much tuslneis. Address box 2494, Call.
¦ PAI5TNEK wanted, small capital, in manu-
facturing business: staplo poods. In <lally use;
cash business; investigate. . 235 Valencia Ft.
WANTED- Perty with S1CC0 to $"W0: will pay
liberal salary with secured interest in Alas-
. kan business. S03 Call bldg., S. F.
DELICATESSEN, bakery and dairy produce;
;; furniFhe<i rooms; must be roM by April L
Apply Wi Mission Ft.
FOR sale — Candy store and Ice cream parlor;
pood location. Inquire at 1C42 Market st.
A DELICATESSEN rtore; bargain; must sell
immediately Recount of sickness, r.35 Sixth st.
FOH FALK- Good paving route on this paper.
Address Box U. Call Branch. 300 Hayes 6t.
UXCKI<LENT chance to ptep into an old es-
tablished paylsij: grocery business: chly flrst-
olars good^ for first-class customers carried;
price. Including stock, fixtures, horse and
i wagon, etc.. S20OO; reason for selllnc too much
j other business. Cor. Alameda ave. and Park
St.. Alameda. -.*¦,•
and coal yard; established 40
years; in central location; never changed
hands; clears from JSOO to $400 per month;
6 fine wagons nnd horses; low rent; for refer-
I ence see el' wholesale coal dealers. Address
I Owner, hex ?G9g. Call office.
A— HOME bakery and restaurant; flrst-class
trade; dc'ng excellent business; well fur-
r.lfhed living rooms; low rent; will be sold
at a bargain: good opportunity for right
party. ?TCO Mission et. '
j DA.VKRUPT sale — Sealed bids for stock of
i FilUs. dre*» goods and ether merchandise of
the estate of J. RRETT & CO.. In bulk or
in lots are solicited. For particulars apply
' F37 Market St.
I , , i
i FOR sale— Oriental booth In art gallery of
; Mechanics' Pavilion; 14x40 fret; has cost over
; $200; no reasonable offer will be refused by
j PROF. HAUSSLER. 1418 Market st.
I GOOD opportunity for young man desiring to
invest In the printing business; well estab-
lished nfflre fcr pale. Apply Halleck block,
320 Sansome Ft., room €S.
RESTAURANT for sale: established 30 years;
; doing bUFln^Fs x>T about J»5 per day. Inquire
j at Call office.
i DRUG Ftore. 14SS Market St.; call between 9
a n-.. and ". p. m.
; PLUMBING shop for sale In Palo Alto. Ad-
dress Plumber, box 179, Call office.
IN city, near Grant ave.; good paying dress-
l making business cheap. Box JS4». Call office.
BAKERY for «aJe — Largest and best; located
In large country town. Box 26S9. Call.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
FOR sale— A Et»am laundry in the Sacramento
Valley, doing a. business from $100 to $150 per
•week: no other" laundry within 50 miles. ' Box
1C45. Call office.
WILL seH half Interest In a good carpenter
and store fitting business; well established
and paying. Apply nt carpenter shop, 612
Bush et.. between 9 and 10 a. m.
FOR sale or leas* — The Bay View Stables. San
Rafael. Marln Co., Cal. For particulars ap-
ply to M. ML'RRAY, on premises; cleared
ever $jCO a month fcr ast 3 years.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside rout? (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
HOTEL to lease — 21 rooms at San RaTael ; new-
ly painted; in first-class or.der. Owner. 11
Lyon st.
FLANING-MILL in this city for sale. F.
GEIER. Market and Dolore« sts.
SMALL restaurant for snle. cheap: doing a
good business, f-06 Howard St., near First.
BAKERY for'rent: oven complete: good buel-
n*ss. US2 Phattuek a\-e.. North Berkeley.
ISO VIIXS 1300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE inside rcute on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlc*.
{.ODGI.\G-nOUSE9 FOR SALE.
100 BARGAINS— All Flzes, f r om 3 to 500 Rooms.
Consisting In Hotels
Rooming Houses :
Lodging Houses
-.Boarding Houses
Flats and Private Homes..,
40-room house: rent $00 $1,000
14 rooms on Third st.-. 450
JO roon-.s on Taylor et Z'M ¦
23 rooms on Market st S.">©
33 rooms on Market st 1.700
106 room*: modem house 10.000
H. C. DECKF.R. 1C20 Market St.. Mint 796.
EKE OUR L.IS*T OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. TVe have them all sizes and prices:
M rooms, dose in. elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new. clean; clears $50..; SOC
, 14 rocrrts. sunny corner, good condition 1003
! $0 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. S0OO
] 11 rooms, only $200 c^sh. balance pay-
ments B00
; Vacant houses furnished
! \\> furnish th« money— yon pay as you can.
| DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
SELECT your house from largest list In town.
7 rooms; well furnished; only $100
S rooms, fine location 425
j 14 roon-.s: elegant: must 6ell 800
I 59 r.. apartments absolutely new: cash.... 1000
i S3. SI. Ill end 136 r. houses: values excellent
I»uy«rs from JICO to IIOO.COO can be suited.
j We lend half purchase money at lowest rates.
WALTER HATES & CO.. S3S Market st.
• MARION GRIFFIN has a big list. See it
I 719 Market St.. nr. Call bldg.: tel. Black 1SC3..-
I 40 rooms, respectable, clears H45; rent $120...
nice location: terms V, cash; big mortgage....
11 rooms, new houge; new h»avy carpets: fine
oak furniture: Income $160 : $600
Houses of s.11 sizes, kinds and prices.
j City hotels. $3000 up to $10,000
! FIRHER & CO.. 1032 Market st. 1W9.
48 rooms, X. of Market; only '.. .$16<V).
1« rooms, Hyde; very finely furnished... 600
30 rooms, rent $50; location desirable... 900
! If ft bargain we h«ve them at any price
: north or south of Market Bt.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit
all buyers: titles guaranteed; money loaned
j buyers; before buvln«- call.
! G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
J • Phcne Mrnt 1911. ?17 Market st- bet. r.th*Cth.
' 60 ROOMS, nice ocrrier. well furnished, cheap
j rent, half oash. balance at 1 r*r cent. J4500;
J It rooms, rood location, $K0. half cash, bal-
I anee nt 1 per cert: money to loan at 1'4- M.
I R. RIVES. t!6 Market, r. CT. tel. Mnin 128.
j CALL, and s«-e our list of bargnln-» In hou«es:
i we have them In nny part of the rtty and at
| any nrice. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 23
] Sixth st.
! O'FARRELL st., 15 ' rooms $".00
! Stockton st.. near Union Square. 9 rms. £00
! Lcavenworth st.. 27 room*: see this.. 2000
I DOBI.E Jt TURNER. 3 Eddy.
j !2r>0— "4-ROOM 'house. 3 unfurnished! all out-
j side nunnv rooms; poo>l. substantial furnl-
i tnre: mu«t s*ll: own*r ha« to leave. city. 16
Montgomery ave., corner Jackson st.
$S0O— 2C ROOMS; fine location: well famished;-
j all rented: low rent. DAPILE. 3 Eddy St.
j JSOO — Bay-window house. IS rms., good furniture;
I always full .rent $44; bargain. 834 Folsom st.
turn— LODGING-HOUSn for «ale. UStf Ellis.
FCT sale— 10-rocm house: nicely furnished;' al-
wavs full. Tnoulre Bt 792 Ellis rt.
SPiniTUALISM.
MME. ARNDT. the treat clalrvoj-ant, tells past
. and' future, cures diseases by sympathy; never
fails; has the seven seals, the greatest Egyp-
tian secret of the world; shows picture of fu-
ture husband or wife; gives lucky numbers;
advice on all speculation, love and legal af-
fairs: any one consulting the madame will be
convinced that she is no sham; prices 23c and
I up;' eome and you will tv» surprised: gives
j satisfaction every one; op. Sundays. 211% 6th.
I ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
i ter. whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of thaone you love and the ntime of the
one you will marry, for a short time; the only
medium in the world to sure of his occull
power that he will give every person who
comfs prepared a wonderful free test. Call or
write, with stamps for answers. 13S2 Market
¦tt. opposite OdU Fellows" Hall. ¦
I AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
1 world -reno-vned spiritual medium: advice in
i all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths*
unites the separated; mining n specialty: cir-
I eles f5un.. Wed., Fri. eve. ; letters answered.
i Hepld.ino slgnr). 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde. I.ar):ln.
f A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
! medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: s!t-
| t'ngs. $1. I1C4 O'Farrell. nr. Gough, Ellis car.
I MR8. Winchester, trance medium, has returned
from the East & wjll be found at 1610 Clay
st.: circles Sun. even, and Tues. afternoon.
GO to Mansey, ijypsy medium: scientific pr.lm-
jgtry taught; certificate guarntd. 1079 Market.
I MRS. Harland's circle to-night; articles read.
10c: prophetic trance readings. $1. 14S Sixth.
C. V. MILLER-Matcriall:lng seance 8 p. m.;
rxv. 1CJ>4 Bush st.
MRS. I>OU1SE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkln st.
MRS. WEST, -fonder ful medium Hnd healer:
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. LESTER— Readings SOc: circle every eve.
ex. Sat.. 10c: devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllh.ter-Mrs.CT.
Meyer: ulttlnca dally; tests to all to-night;'0c.
;¦/££¦».;¦, ; CLAIRVOYANTS. '£&4i*$
aSME M.~BERNARD~~ "~"
THIfi FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business rneulum, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St., next ICxaminer bldg.
She reads your life correctly, give* an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
luture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
- tic, love or businet-s troubles, consuit this
(Treat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in air affairs
of life; 2oc up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MltS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 12C6 Mar-
l:»t et., corner <>olden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and :o; take elevator. Perfect • satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlct *vlth special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MJ1E. PORTKH. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil—second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents ;i; palm, and olair. sit. $1 r.0. 125 Turk.
ISMAIt. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanontly located 1US Market, op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist:
teaches mind vibration., the greatest secret on
earth: readings dally. 1104 Market St., r. 2S.
MME. LAROSE. best clalrvovant, card reader,
test medium: 2.V; up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MME. ZEREDA.-the gypsy, is the great palm-
. 1st. and card reader, 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; telHowardlS16.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings dally. 41SU Jessie St.. b°t. 5th A 6th.
MMK.. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MMK. RAVENNA, read* life fluently, business
»*<•!«•»; nnTTK-B rivn: 2.V up. s Fourth St.
CARPET BEATIXG- AXD CLfJaXI>G.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
sond to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 3T.3-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
CITY • Steam Carpet-Beating Work*. G. H.
mgr., 3S-40 Sth, st. ; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 344.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 71.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 334. GKO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
ClltnOPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown n&iif^vraTtsT^hvC-
blains ; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES:
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~chaW<« un".
Ie«s successful. Room 310. 927 Market «t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3S33— Cottage~3^oomsTla7ge
yard; rent fS.
COTTAGE cf 4 rooms and bath. 670 Walnut
»v». bet. Octavia and Laguna. sts.
DRESS'UKBRS A>D SEAMSTRESSES
OPENING day spring millinery of McDowell
• School. Friday. March 22.. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 PoFt. over O'Connor & Mnffatt.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL~CLfNIc7~goTj?ar^
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
feavo your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. .m. ; Sundays,9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 / O'Farreil st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rosa Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
V«-; plctes. $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth, i
DR. LUDLUM HILL. H43 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per eet; extracting, 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 9S9
Mission »t., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR.R. L.WALSH. 815>4 Geary. nr.Larkln-Paln-
less extraction 50c;plates $5up;phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. O. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. EX.
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evening? and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk tt.
EDL'CATIOXAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. — Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees .a complete business education. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc. : positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
WANTED— An office boy to work 2 hours daily
in exchangee tuition. Ayres' Business College.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand:- reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, clvl!.
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
•and night sessions ; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or 'any
Stanford profrssor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
tlons to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln St.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,mlnlng,mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
•Gregg shorthand . costs only $C0. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1238 Market Bt.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners ;. business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., $20 Parrott bldg. <
MEHRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45.
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH, Spanlfh.etc Prof. DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Larguages,32QPost;f8tab'd- lS71:abl*st profs'.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin,
• guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar; writing,
etc.; cay or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING In hich school mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple methods: successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
K.MPLOVWEXT- OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help; send men at short :
notice. 112S Sutter. nt. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
A — UNION Japanese-Chinese Erap. Office— Best
help furn.; domestic servants; work executea
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 375.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur., f-44 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning &. employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 20J.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment ot".
flee; all kinds help.' .115 Stockton; Main 518S.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE' and Chinese employment office —
• Best help. 526 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411'4 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WA XTE D — FEMALE.
COMPETENT^ ladles" nurse, confinement or any
kind of nursing; day or week; could take
care of child; no objections to leaving the
city. Address 5 Polk St.
RESPECTABLE woman would like a position
at managing housekeeper of rooming house or
private family. Call at 531 O'Farrell st.
2 SCANDINAVIAN girls, lately from the East
would like fUuatione to do second work- also
laundry work. 1836 San Bruno ave. ' .
A RELIABIJ3 French seamstress would like
a few more engagements by the day; terms
$1 £0 a day. Address Box 2652. Call office.
A WOMAN wishes to cook end. assist in
housework; would care for an invalid lady
moderate wages; no postals. 7 Van Ness ave.'
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing
Ironing and housecleanlng; $1 day and car
fare. Apply for three days. 32C Minna at*.
LADY waitress wants lunch or dinner work
Call or address 103 Eighth <*t. •
WOMAN .wishes to go out by the day, wash-
lng or housecleanlng. 515 McAllister " st.
COMPETENT Japanese girl wants a position
C°n° f« neral housew °rk in family. Box 2483
EMPLOYMEVr WANTED— FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by a Swedish glrKtO do
Cenf-ral housework; best of referencf*.- Ap-
ply at 103? Minna St., between Hth and 12th.
residence of Swedish M. E. Church.
DRESSMAKER; just arrived from New York,
wishes encasements In .families- by tbe-Oay;
{1 CO. Apply to Dressmaker. 56S Mission st.
COLORED girl, experienced child nurse, would
like position; can sew and mend; references.
Apply 1104 Taylor gt.. 'J to 6. J__
WINCHESTER Houso, 41 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to$l 50 per night; $1 50 to \<i
week; convenient and respectable: free "bus
and baggage to and. from «erry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
'subscriptions has beeu established at lOl'ti
Valencia ft.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
AN Eastern gentleman who teaches Spanish
and branches in English and who speaks
Swedish and German wishes a position. Box
2056 Call office.
A CLOTHING man with 15 years' experience
desires a. location; no objection to leaving
city. Address box 2498. Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse^and attendant, Oer-
man, desires position with Invalid gentleman.
HENRY FICHTNER. 1009 Mission st.
YOUNG Swedish man wishes work about
place; understands care of horses, cows,
chickens and generally handy. Box 2493, Call.
FIRST class barkeeper desires employment;
best city references. ¦ B. K.. 209. Valencia St.
WANTED— Employment by elderly respectable
active man; knows city well: city reference
of probity and trustworthiness from past em-
ployers for 7 years; nominal salary- .Address
box 2401. Call office. - .
STATIONERY engineer and machinist, strictly
sober and Industrious, capable of making all
repairs, 20 years' experience, wants steady
position: 'city - or country. Address box
209S, Call office. !
SINGLE, active, middle-aged registered phy-
slclan offers services, particularly .to steam-
ship company needing surgeon and to' cor-
porations. Graduate.' box 2700, Call office.
YOUNG man 'would like position running en-
glno or firing; handy around machinery. J.
C. 'S.; -7 Fourth st. '
RELIABLE and honest youns man from the
country desires employment in the city. Box
K97. Call office. ¦
SITUATION wanted by a German to drlvs
a delivery wagon or as a salesman: has ex-
perlence for tb\ last 5 years. Box 2402. Call.
FIRST-CLASS coffee house manager wishes'
position; best of city references. Box 2684,
Call office.
COACHMAN, first-class, wishes position: thor-
oughly understands his duties: willing to
make himself generally useful. Box 2078, Call.
WANTED— A position as bookkeeper or corre-
sponding clerk; years of experience. 10S
Eleventh St.. box 19.
ENERGETIC young man wishes position as
collector; city references. Box 2885, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call .branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FKATHF.Tt FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET. f
SACRAMENTO. 1365— Flat of three rooms; sep-
araf entrance: rent $12 50.
4 ELEGANT new sunny flats of 9 and 10 rooms.
872 to 880 Eddv Bt., near Van Ness ave.
$22'B0— MODERN 6-room flat, 412S Seventeenth
St., bet. Eureka and Diamond.
t SUNNY modern flats. 5 rooms and bath
each. 967 and 975 Golden Gate ave. '¦
FLATS TO LET — FURMSII2D.
' THREE to five handsomely and completely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; all mod-
. ern conveniences; pleasant surroundings;
very desirable. 129 Liberty et. '
FVRMTi:UE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $4S EO. -with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE— B-room modern flat, elegantly
furnished; owner ill; going East. 10 IS Ellis.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 634:
furniture * furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton St.: tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furnlturt, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.: tel. Jessie 7G1.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 more waitresses; short distance; first class
hotel, country; only 8 chairs; $25; call early
2 waitresses, springs $20*
2 waitresses. Santa Monica $25, free fare
2 waitresses, commercial hotels.... $22 50
' 10 waitresses, city and country $20, $25
2 chambermaids, city .;. $20
• Walter and -Waitress ' $05
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper for 4 men, short distance. ...$20
60 German and' Scandinavian houseglrls..
$23. $30
Cooks and housegirls City and country
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
MBS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
7 waitresses, first-class city Tiotels, $20; 12
waitresses, commercial hotels, $20 to $25;
restaurant waitress, .new place, $7 week'; 3
. chambermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid,
country. *ee party here.*
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
• Flrst-class positions for experienced family
help at best wages.
" MRS. M. E. DAT & CO., 333 Geary Bt.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery St.. r. 12.
Waitresses, city and country hotels, $20.
BUTTON sewers' on shirts wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS &, CO., 36& Fremont at. Apply to
Mr. Henshaw.
WANTED — Experienced operators on gingham
overalls. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 86ft Fre-
mont fit. Apply to MKi HINDSIIAW.
WANTED — A few experienced operators and a
limited number for instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Girl for general h6usework and
plain cooking. Call bet. 1 and 3. 1213 Filbert
Bt., near Hyde.
STRONG girl, German preferred, for cooking
and housework; 4 In family; $15. 2153 Santa
Clara ave.. Alameda.
WANTED- Dantsh lady to take room for one
hour's housework dally. Call Sunday at 1127
Nebraska st., between 22d and 23d.
A— SMART young girl to wojk In shooting
gallery. Call at. 515 Pacific st.
AVOMAN for general housework and care for
two small children. 143 Fourteenth st.
LADIES' help on custom vests and buttonhole
maker. Apply flat- 4. 249 Fifth et. • .
COMPETENT girl for second work and wait-
ress. Apply, with references, 2440 Pacific ave.
GIRL with some knowledge of cutting ladles' or
, children's wear. 220 Sutter St.,' room 25.
BRIGHT girl will be taught hemstitch and but-
tonhole machine; paid. 220 Sutter St., room 25.
GIRL for housework", 10 to 4:30; $8; carfare one
way. 1511 Baker st. ,
WANTED-Talloress at ROO5 BROS.
A/ young woman, light housekeeping; $10 month;
small place; home advantages. Box 2695. Coll.
GOOD alteration hands at E. MESSAGER'S
Cloak Store. 145 Post st.
A FIRST class waitress wanted. 204 Sixth st.
WANTED— Fine skirt and waist finishers; also
Improvers and apprentice. 411 Mason st. •
NEAT young girl wanted for light housework,
family of 2, $10. 112G Turk Bt.
A LADY to take charge of 12-room house on
Howard Bt. Apply D. McRAE. 837 Mission.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
C23 Halght Bt. s
FIRST-CLASS sewers on skirts, waists, etc., to
. take, work home. H. ', FRIEDLANDER, S38
Fell, gt. ¦ -
GIRLS wanted; bookbindery. '536 Clay gt.'
WANTED— Young girl for light housework and
care of children; sleep home. 2517 Bush st.
BUTTON-HOLE MAKER,- finisher, apprentice:
.- paid while learning. 6C9 Kearny St., room 2.
YOIJNG girl for general housework ; new low-
: or flat. Bush, near ' Webster st. .
EXPERIENCE!) oDerators on pants wanted
by a. N. WOOD & CO. Apply at factory, 27
Geary at;
PANTS finishers - wanted by ' S. N.' WOOD &
CO. Apply at , factory, ¦ 27 Geary st.
HELP, WANTED — FEMALE— Con.
FINISHER; on custom-made coats, at once;
steady work. Call at 651 Sacramento St., be-
low Kearny. •- . ¦ ¦ • .
WANTED— Clever wiJov,- over 28; good man-
ager. Box 2193, Call office. •'.
SKIRT hands for dressmaking; also appren-
tices; paid while learning. 121 Post; room 49.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats. 222
'Kearny et.
PANTS . finishers wanted." 253*4 Stevenson St.,
between Third and Fourth. ' .
NURSE cirl wanted at 863 Hayes st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
in factory. 723 Market at., room 35.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 541 Mar-
ket St. . . v.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. BELASCO
&..HARRIS CO., 641 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS -Operators on pants; steady
work; good pay. Ml Market St. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
-.Valencia st.
HELP WANTED. — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* Geary St.
' RAILROAD WORK
25 Drlllurs for big tunnel, Chatsworth Park.
Los Angeles County J2 to %2 50
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare
Engineer and electrician, country hotel, see
party here; ranch blacksmith. 145; black-
smith, country shop'/ $40; 10 farmers, near
city, $26 and board: 3 milkers. $30
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 French or Italian waiters, restaurant,
south, $50 and fare paid; 10' waiters, different
hotels and restaurants, $30, $35, $40, $45;
second cook, $85; 6 cooks, $50, $40. $30 v ...
Washer and starcher, country laundry.. $45
and-found. fare paid; polisher, country hotel,
$45; starcher, ¦ ?30; extra lroner, country,
11 50 a day and free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 101 Geary at.
A— MURRAY & READY— PHONE MAIN B848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Vhlte male help of all kinds furnished
FREE OF CHARGE TO
Every Employer of Help.
No syndicate too large, no firm too email for
us to. supply. No objection to distance. We
ship good help to all parts of the world.
• Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, write
or call in person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We. gave employment .
. - In 1897 to upward of 17.000 men.
In 1S98 to upward of 19,000 men.
In 1899 tc upward of 21,000 men.
In 1900 to upward of 35.000. men.
HELP WANTING WORK— Hundreds
Of places awaiting your selection.
COME READ our BULLETIN BOARDS.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay St.
A-WANTED i .'
We pay fares both ways and return fees
where work is not offered you; no other
employment agency will give you that
guarantee
6 fanners for large vineyard $26
2 farmers for orchard $2G
10 different farm Jobs $25 and $20
Farmer, steady place $20
2 milkers, fare paid $30
Milker for Oregon, fare paid $30
.Milker for Slskiyou, fare paid $30
Blacksmith and sheer, near city, «t3 a day
Planing mill man. country $3 a day
2 sawers for furniture factory $2 a day
2 coopers, slack work, country, $35 and found
Cook** country hotel $10
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay Bt.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 53 Third St.. photie
Red 31 — Man to milk 15 cows and dairy work,
country, $25 and board; 2 farmers, $1 day
and board; 2 vineyard men, $1 day and
board; waiter, hotel, country, $25 and found;
gang of men for mills and woods; 10 men to
make redwood ties, long Job, big money;
woodchopper. redwood, 75c; pine, $1 25; oak,
$1 50 per cord.',
A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Man end wife to wait at table and do cham-
berwork, country hotel; 6 waiters, country,
$30; bell boys. $10; yard man. $20.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
• Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary.
WANTED — Man for general work about a
place; one who understands the care of a
gentleman's stable and Is a careful driver:
also care of a small garden required. Box
,2W)0. Call office.
WANTED — A good steady sober shoemaker.
Apply at M. OLSEN'S shoe store, opposite
Postofflce, Haywards, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced ladles' tailor: perma-
nent employment; good pay. M. J. KELLER
CO., Oakland.
WANTED— Domestic salesman: state experi-
ence, age and salary expected* Apply box
2497. Call office. ..... . -
EALESMAN wanted on salary and commis-
sion; must understand druggists' sundries;
Al references required. Box 2492, Call office.
-WANTED— A bushelman at RAPHAEL'S.
GOOD cash boys wanted. S. N. WOOD &
CO.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply at'lllO Market
street. .
BARBER wanted Saturday eve. and Sunday;
15c shop. 2007 Mission st.
BARBER wanted. 142H First st. •
BARBER for Saturday at 1211 Market St.;
wages.
WANTED— Good barber Saturday and Sunday.
$6; union man. 2144 Mission st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday, $5.
1073 Market St., near^Seventh.
WANTED— Man and wife for delicacy store:
small capital. 320 Sixth st. %
STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75
month. Apply 610 Folsom st., room 2.
BOY wanted In bakery: experienced; sleep at
home preferred. 108. Ninth St.
WANTED— A flrtt-class waiter. 29 Stockton st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1713 Market st.
SHORT-ORDER waiter. Call at 1005 Va^
lencla et.
BRIGHT young man for grocery and saloon;
references required. 2608 Mission st.
BOY for drug store: must come well recom-
mended. Address box 2491. Call office.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop, i 215
O'Farrell st. -
THREE wood carvers; non-union: no office
fees. Mechanics' Reg. Bureau. 410 Kearny.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $50 or
$75 cash, $30 month and board; no experience
required. Restaurant, 496 Fourth st.
WANTED— First-class, brass finisher, scroll
makers and pattern makers. S. F. Novelty
Works. Bay aVd Stockton sts.
"WANTED^Steady young man to learn clgar-
maklng. 247 Fifth st., near Folsom.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOOKFOLDERS and sewers wanted. 422 Sac-
ramento st.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In two months, saving . two years;
mailed free. We have no 60 shop In connec-
tion with our college; .chairs and furniture*
are all made to our- own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED — A single ' man. sober and of good
habits, who understands running milk separa-
tor and is a good cheese, maker: board and
room; easy place; state wages. Address San
' Juan Creamery. San Benlto Co., Cal.
CENTRAL Hotel Barber Shop, San Rafael : 2
chairs; good trade for sale; sacrificed; $50;
must be sold this week.
WANTED— 2 coatmakers In Kern R. R. sta-
tion, Bakersfleld. ¦
WANTED— Practical gardener for work In
nursery. 215 Hayes Bt.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st. • .
FOR sale— 3-chalr barber «¦¦ shop; bathrooms;
near city. Box 2035, Call office.
BRIGHT men of good "address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at S02 Post st.
MEN OR WOMEN.
Paid Big Commissions....
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COK-
PANY. 21 Spear sj.
WANTEI>-Laborers and mechanics to know
that EdRolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House.' 217 .Third st. : .150 ¦ large
rooms ;_ 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
KARBERS all invited to call and see the latest
• Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
> back";, it's, a corker. STOLTZ' S new* head-
quarters, 723 Market St.. first floor up.
McDONALD & PERRY have COO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; SOc up; drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third.
MEN to learn ' barber trade; catalogue mailed
; free. 8.1 F. Barber College. 741A Howard st. ;
no barroom chairs u?ed In this college... - : ¦ -
ALL sizes men's shoes,, slightly damaged, half
'- price. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BLACKSMITHS for whaling cruise; also car-
penters,- at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
COAT, pants and vest maker -for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS.. 24. Sutter st. -
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply at 327 Fourteenth.
HELP WANTED— MALE — Con.
'bus and baggage to and from re>T £:^_^__
"mmsKs . and v -* GOX _g:
•a rtnoafQ for ««lp* also wagons, buggies,
SULLIVAN fc DOYLE. Auctioneers. ¦
6-TEAR-OLD • well broken horse, suitable for
erocen' or express business; weight 12M>. M.
I. MEYERS & CO., Geary and jPevtsadero.
S F VETERIXART College will commence Its
3d'ses«ion June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. UP.ancoa.st. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ONE billytoat kid. pure * Blt T \ "^EracK 9
mother If desired. Address
HARDT. Melrose Postof floe. Alameda Co.
A-100 SETS second-hand harness; nm
carts, buggies, aurreyj, horses. 1140 Folsom.
COAL wagon for sale; double and »>nf le - XE -
cor. 26th and Mission sts.. grocery store.
THREE fast road, horses: also some good
business hors's. at 721 Howard st.
AN A No." 1 express •*»F«» n v» tn *- e ;-. a -S > ,«"£* t
camplng wagon, for ghte cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET. I
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let : send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICELY furnished house. 9 rooms and bath:
will rent furnished ox unfurnished; reason-
able. 1625 Post st.
LOST AND FOPSD.
LOST^Two railroad tickets and discharges
from U. S. army: tickets have been canceled.
Please return Southern -Pacific office and re-
ceive reward. ~. -
LOST— Near Dunn's, one diamond ring, bought
of Shreve. The finder will be* liberally re-
warded If returned to 814 Scott st.
LOST— Buneh of keys In Union Square; re-
ward. 2503 Sutter st.
LOST— Gold medal Inscribed "Louis L»vy."
Return to secretary Olympic Club; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
¦ and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of MRS. JENNIE CRESWELL, No.
194-643. The finder will please return to bank.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O.-Nolte. I
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to mairy wealthy ladles
¦end 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 708 Ellis st.
MAxtltESSES AXO UI'llOLSTKR V.
M^iTTOE^ETlinl~upholstery; tel. South 792;
to order or -renovated, feather and hair
steamed; expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
.MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; ladles only; my reg-
ulator, has no equal: all classes of female
complaints relieved by treatment superior to
all others; the only* treatment that helps the
unfortunate; the most obstinate cases ar«
Immediately relieved without pain: no other
treatment will do this; the most difficult
cases treated: scientific methods guaranteed.
DR. G. XV. O'DONNELL. 1C18 Mrkt. opp. Sth.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3. 1223 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return same
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOMETREAT-
MEN'T;a sure cure; gives Instant relief; harm-
less; any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DR. POPPER — Newly Improved genuine regu-
lator can only be had at my of flee; for all
femalo complaints; beware of imitations; can
be sent: 37 years' experience. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. ¦WYETII. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.*
successful practice: ruaranteed> treatment at
office: any aliment; home. for patients; con-
. suit free. 942 Poet st. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market— Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known: implicit confidence: reliable.
MRS. D. ALLEN-Removed to 1118 Market at,
bet. Taylor and Mason; ladles' specialist.
MIHIXO AXD ASSAYING.
ATTENTION miners and capitalists— The- most
promising group of copper mines In Southern,
Arizona, partially developed, can be bonde<r
for the next 30 days for *30.00O: mines will
¦ pay their way from date. Address Owner,
• Postofflce box 91 Oakland. Cal.
MINES AND MINING.
MINES bought and.eold; also- stocks in mines
and oil companies. Prof. John TUton. rms.
475-476. 4th floor, Parrott bldg: 10-12; 1-S.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH * WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above' Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting! pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 118 Spear «t.
FOR sale — 2 cloth cases. 1 counter. 1 desk; all
like new. 230 Van Ness ave., near Grove st.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
- Apply at 216 California st.
A— 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California,
A beautiful pair diamond screws for $50: worth
double the price.* Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ave.
BABY carriage, as good aa new; hood top;
cheap. 217A Colllnswood st.
FOR sale— Merry-go-round: good running; order.
Address box 63, Oakland P. O., general office.
FOR' sale — An upright piano; good order. 214
Franklin st.
Valuable tide and marsh land records. Apply
JAS. MASON. Notary Public. 423 California.
S10 — NEW HOME sewlnc machine. In good con-
dition. 1571 Market st.. near Twelfth.
TYPEWRITERS. Id-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and Id-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. -NEWELL. 66 Bluxoxne.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
ID-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. Whtta, 616 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLAKD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WAT.TZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Thirty-four seats S In., and 24 ft.
7 In. double leather belting; also 30 la pul-
ley, at Foster's wood yard, 9 Cotton St.. off
. Brady: must be cheap for- cash.
WANTED— Latest model Stearns bicycle; 2nd-
hand. MONTGOMERY & CO.. 927 Market St.
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dles'. gent's clothing. 154. Sth; tel. Folsom 2'22.
SECOND-HAND steam, gas and electric ma-
chinery wanted. 204 Mission st.. near Main.
OLD gold. and silver and diamonds' bought. 208
Kearny st.. room 412.
MONEY TO LO A V.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which* people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market St.
ANY proposition, arty amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estativ:, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. .Room 1«. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY. amount at 6%; first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
• bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where., R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est, rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. $46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1G14. Branch 19 Third 8t. *
LOWEST rates on furniture." etc., by private
party; no removal: no commlssln; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bids., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds*
watches. Jewelry. .W." J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for "old .geld, silver, diamonds.
S% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI, 6 Eddy st.
LOANS, 1st or 2d rates; city, country, 6%, undi-
vided inta. ; estates. HARPER, 337 Parrott bin.
OS . i f ""? :tur C plants'; no~7emovaT: m75J^
2^e C - re ?T1 St inteTS * t - « s >- *nm, no broker-
age, reliable party. 1170 Market st. room CS.
M S^ Y !^ n r lsalarl '* d P«"opl?w77hout securltyT
" IU * ""• **. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
"low^rJ? '??" on ,, real "tate or for buluiin^
Joj^^JIome^g. Co.. £3 Sansome. r. i.
£TOCSZJCT?cr! Sa^, rl^ : NVw Ycrk plan. TilB
1 " uu '' Z^Jr 1 Parrott building.
tSSSSStSSes-Btssssassf
T S M^r r .*s!^s > fe?;a t ?Sua: ,sr
MOXKY
5rasr<ai^iggr nr worth «^.^
31FSICAI. IXSTnt'ME.Vrsl
ANT person having use for a piano can be an
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co "s w'th
easiest payments, lowest prices and- most re
liable maker* to choose from. Each the best
of their jrrade. from Stelnway down Priv-
- Uege given to exchans« medium and low
priced pianos for a n."w Stelnway any tim»
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for )S cash and
$6 per month. We effer to sell some good
planes at J3. M and J5 per month, siiep.
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter »ts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth Bt., Oak-
land.
OUR advice to-day Is short and to the point—
Buy now. Bify from us. Buy a Decker &
Son If you can afford it. If you cannot, then
buy a Packard. Baum«ister. Smith & Barnes
or a Wlllard piano. Wa sell on eaay pay-
ments If you do not want to pay cash.
MAUVAIB MUSIC CO.. 769 Market »t.
ABSOLUTELY the ohlest and largest hous»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER St CHASE'S. 2«.
2S and 20 O'Farrell st. : planoa. organs and
all other musical Instruments of all gradea
and prices; terms ea«y; pricoa lowest; »v*ry-
thlns possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
A 'STORAGE auction piano -sale: 21 fine pianos.
Just removed from storage room and placed
on sale; offew wanted to force them out.
WILSOX'S STORAGE. 1708 Market st.
SO UPRIGHTS, all makes. $T3 up: rented and
rent allowed: Hallet & Davis agency. HEINE
PIANO CO., 217. Geary at.
A FEW new pianos fcr 9130; second--
hand from J30. BENJ. CURXAZ ft SON.
16 O'Farrell St. Chlckerlng and Vose agency.
THIS week only; 10 new pianos (samples), half
price. DEWING CO.\ 12 Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. |1S3 up;' rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 22fi6 Fillmoro st.
FINE standard upright piano, also parlor set;
sacrifice; leaving- city. 32« Golden Gate ave.
SPECIAL sale of planns this we?k; Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRI.'EXX, •508 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must fce 5old. 301 Jones st.
CLOSING out stock cf elesrant pianos; send
for price. W. C. HAMILTON*. 8 Flood bldg.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over end ethers. Wiley B. Allen Co., 31* Po»t.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice uprlj-ht piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister. St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLT new granl upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HOUNUNG, 115 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. asreney Sohmer ft Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 3C8 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shontnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and hew. II.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES ASD STORES TO* LET.
LARGE elegant store; cement basement; M
Valencia st.. near 21st. ; will make any neces-
sary alterations of front or Interior to suit
good tenant.
OXE-HALF of larsre office in desirable loca-
tion: rent reasonable. 918 Market St.. rm. *i>.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOrLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
TWO prospectors going to oil fields will lo-
cate claims for others; reasonable. Addresa
box 2495, Call office.
PAIXTERS AXD DECOUATOns.
WALL paper, window -hades; rooms papered. S3
up. Jenaen & Bath, SC& Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from 13 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 313 3d st. ; tel Red 3521.
I PALMISTIIV.
M^IET~VEll6^nrTRXvC^
palmistry, readings.* 847 Howard it.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 315
Taylor it., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black.SCl.
PATENTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GTCO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner hlg.
FERSOXALS.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. 8. MOORE. 4S3 Geary St., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; call or send for circular.
MRS. W. II. MAT. there Is a.letter for you at
the main postofflce; please call.
PERKINS— MRS. LULU PERKINS or MR3.
LULU HOWARD; probate matter of. lntere*t
to her. Call or address ZENAS 1*. DODGK
Esq.. attorney-at-law. 508 California at.. S. F\
Stoddard's Celebrated Plasters, a positive cure
for all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and sold only by MRS. N.
BTODDABD. main office 1137 Geary st.. nr.
Franklin; 'phone East 233. Branch office 1313
Market, opp. Van N'ess ave. References— Hor-
ace Platt. attorney; Tom V. Cator, attorney.
I AM not responsible for any debts contracted
hereafter by my wife. DELIA McCULLOUGH.
"WILLIAM McCULLOUGH.
JAMES' Detective Bureau. 127 Montgomery St.,
room 21; phone Bush 2S9; charges reasonable.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years" experience. J. B. RAT. 357 Jessls'st.
}1 WEEKLY: suits to order .from genuln*
Scotch. SIS up; fine diess suits. (20 up; ele-
gant >pvercoats. |13 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC llsht In every room— Winchester
Hotel. *i Third st.. near Market: TOO rooms:
IEc to St :o per nlzht: St 50 to SS per week:
free 'bus and baggagu to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron b«ds. single, three-quarter
or double. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. ' 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1011 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
A-S3 60 DERBT and Fedora hats. SI 73. Po?u-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. S10; dress pants. SI 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery 3t.
SCHOOL to learn halrdrosstng. hair work. man.
. tearing: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.-
DOTI.E. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
MASQUERADE costumes, play nooks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
COOD home open for heulthy boy or girl baby.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; SI: at all druggist ».
PHYSICIANS AXD SUItGEOXS.
D Sv,£«- O'DO'JNEI.L-Ofnce and resia'e^
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh!
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se*
testimonials at office. 115-m Mason, nr. Ellis.
nEAL ESTATK— CITV— FOR SALcT
SHOO— -»'EAT cottage, 4 large rooms, high base-
ment: nice garden; chicken house and chick-
ens; lot 23 by 100; with or without furniture-
also adjolninsr cottage, with 3 rooms anri
chicken house; large, irregular lor; hair
block from carm and Fairmount School In-
qulre 213 Palmer et. or 610 Valencia. In store.'
GO to-day and see those 7 and 9 room houses
on. Clayton st., 2 bjocks sjuth of Halght-
traf.afer to Masonlc.-ave. car and get oft at
Carl st. See owner on premises or J. ENG-
Llstl, 11 Montgomery st.
EVERY one comes to me who has lots to sell
north 1 of the Park; quick sales made W J
GUNN. 530 California , st.. between Mont-
gomery and Kearny.
I HAVE buyers for lots north of the Park
from First ave. to th« ocean. W. J. GUNN
550 California st. v "• '
SI30O— CHEAPEST home In the city; v, effect
quick sale; 4 rooms and stable; well of water
produces 1000 gallons per day; street accent-
ed by city;, cement sidewalk; plank side en-
n^'. : ,r% rt caan - Cal1 Immediately on H
W. DAVIS. 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond aivTt.C
cheapest call on W. J. Qunn. S30 California!
MODERN cottages and flats bullf reasonable'
, Plans furnished. GEORGE M. SALSBUR?'
, buHder; office 1S3 Market st. SsA1 * i>BU - i *.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park."
then call on W. J. CCX.N'. 53, cSuroroui^*Narrowly Escape Death by
Drowning.
BREST, March 14.— A ; French torpedq
boat, which had been sent to meet an in
coming: transport, the Leprln, Epruntr ' a
leak to-day and suddenly began to fill],
sinking in a few minutes. The crew nar
rowly escaped in the boats.
FEENOH TOBPEDO BOAT
GOES TO THE . BOTTOM
Springs Leak Off Brest and Her Crew
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
ft Thursday, March 14.
Stmr "Alex Duncan, 'Guthrle, 3ti hours from
Monterey and way ports.
Stmr ¦ Empire. . Macscnn, M houn from Coos
Bay ' "domestic roRTs. . '..
EUREKA— Sailed!. March lt-Stmrs Eureka
and North Fork.' for San Francisco. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 14— Brig
Geneva, from San Pedro; schr 'John A; hencr
March. 7; schr Eureka, from Honolulu; ,bltin
Portland, hence March 6. M— MMJBBME
In 1820 our cotton crop was 870.415 bales;
in 1899 It had grown to 11.235.383 bales, or
90 per. cent of the total crop grown In the
world.
Americans Gain ' Honors.
. PARIS. March 14.-The following Amer
icans have, been appointed Chevaliers of
the Legion of Honor, in connection with
the Paris Exposition:: Colonel Charles C.
Long, James Deering Humphreys, the
artist, and Mr. Puig, an engineer.
Cuernavaca and Pacific Inspected by
Her Son With View to His
Mother's Interests.
MEXICO CITY, March 14.-E. H. R.
Green, president of the Texas Midland
Railroad, son of Mrs. Hetty Green, re
turned to-night from a trip over the Cuer
navaca and Pacific road as far as Iguala,
It Is reported that- "Mrs." Green contem
plates the Investment of four millions In
gold for the completion of the road to the
Pacific and that her son Is here to report
upon the advisability: of her doing bo. Mr
Green said he was much pleased with the
road. He admitted a possible Investment
by his mother, but refused to state what
his recommendation would be.
James Simpson and His Son, Killed
at Dlamondville, • "Wye, Were
Wanted in Alabama,
CHEYENNE, Wyo). March 14.— It de
velops that James Simpson and his young
son, two . of the twenty-eight men that
lost their lives In the Diamondvllle coal
mine disaster a fewweeks ago, were want
ed in Coal City, Ala., on a charge of mur
der. Sheriff North of St. Clalr County
has forwarded the Information that the
men killed a companion In August,. 1900;
that while in jail they were supplied with
guns by Mrs. Simpson, the wife and
mother, and with • the weapons held up
the jailer, and escaped. Mrs. Simpson dis
appeared soon after. The Simpsons ar
rived 5n "Wyoming last November. A
week ago Mrs. Simpson left for the East
with the remains of her husband and
son. ' i . . -. - . '.:'-¦-
HETTY GREEN'S MONEY
MAY COMPLETE BAILBO AD
ALLEGED MURDERERS
AMONG MINE VICTIMS
WASHINGTON. March 14.— The Vene
zuelan Charge, Senor Pulido, says there
need be no fear of Governmental compli
cations growing out of the recent asphalt
affairs in Venezuela and the course of Mr.
Loomls, the United States Minister. Any
criticisms which have been made of Mr.
Loomis are said to come from private
sources and not to bo shared by the re
sponsible officials of Venezuela. The local
representatives of the company have
printed articles, appeared In the United
States arraigning Venezuela as a "blood
thirsty country," and; these have. caused
considerable irritation and adverse press
comment. But so far as the Venezuelan
Government is concerned frequent com
munications to Senor Pulido show that
the most friendly sentiment continues to
b« entertSUned for the United States.
While there has been no occasion to di«.
cu83 Mr. Loomi3 f status, yet Mr. Pulido
la satisfied that the reported . feeling
against him is not shared by officials.
m
COMPLICATIONS WITH
VENEZUELA NOT FEARED
Criticisms of Looicis Come From Pri
vate Sources. and Are Not
Shared Officially.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Ralston & d. Or
Mrs Garland & d. Or
D M Griffith & w. Or
J II Selcel. N Y
O ScUbner, Bakersfleld
J £ Verrel, Chicago
F J Grippe, Chicago
Dr D B Fields, Cal
J M Richardson. Ohio
Miss A Richardson, O
K J Kerrldge, Sonoma
J It Pendleton, Saratog
G W Brown. Denver
A M Smith, Minn
M Dlepenbroch, Sacto
M Wolff, New York
T Turner, Modesto
D O Cook. San Diego
R W Skinner. Marysvl
Mr» ilcMurray. Mo
M Williams, Mo
B N Hi Hard, Idaho
W S Bryant. Mass
H Andrews & w.Bostn
II J Schrupp &. w. 111
Miss C Schrupp, 111
G B Malres, Phlla
T F Bellhouie & w.Cal
Dr J Clark, Gllroy
J Clark. Gllroy
Z Opet & w, Laramte
II Rummelsburg. Cal
Mrs J Nelson, Chicago
T F GlUhouee A w.Cal
J Stover & w, Cal
W H Hawley..St Barb
J Bennett, Chtc&KO
S Frankenberg, N Y
C M Blanchard. Phlla
H Shackleford & w.Cal
J E Poindexter. Nev .
J S Murphy & t. Cal
F J Monahan, Omaha
Fl B Taft. Boston
Miss E L Taft, Boston
C J Nunan, Oakland
S Arnold. Valiejo ..
T. Epstein, Cleveland
C Burnett, USA
C F Schuelk. Sacto
A Neilson, Sacto
P Wadsworth, Stanfrd
A M Clarkson. N Y
J Markley, Cal
Mrs. L M Moore. Cal
E Painter & w. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
J M Selman, Ohio
J T Witt, Cincinnati
O KInnleburg, Chicago
II Rowe Si w, Mich
T Jocobln. Salinas
R A Beauchy, Spain
Miss Bauchey, Spain
C C Franklin. Cal
C S Domlna. St Louis
C Avaron. Denver
[»ulse Lewis, 6 Rosa
D A Bouts, N York »,
M Hennesiy. St Louis
C Roan. Moline, 111 •. .
r O'Donnell, Los Ang
P Johnson. S Barbara
A H Bernach, St Louis
J Dungan, Chicago ; <
Tom Quinn, Cincinnati
H McFarland. Cai ;¦••¦-•
P J Martha, Denver .
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs G Spencer. Chgro
Mrs A H Cunningham
Chicago
C R Russell&w, }y C
Mrs K M Burr. Ind
Percy Wadsworth. S A
P J Hart. St Paul
P A Johns. Arlr
T H Holland, St Louis
A Cohen, New York
Mrs B R Mayer. N Y
Max Rotter. Chicago
G B Jenklnson, X J
C A Campbell, Boston
\V Campbell. Boston
Li Plate, Germany
C AVentzei. Germany
H Nunnemacher. Wis
Mrs Nunnemacher.Wis
W Zwek. Ill
Miss Zv.pk. Ill
T A CosBrlfT. Salt Lke
J B Cosgrrirr. Salt Lke
Miss Cosgrlff. Salt L.k
D S Brlnsmade
("has Weir, I>os Angles
K C I.usk, Chlco
\V Li Vlnson&w. Baker
Mrs C J Hood. Nevada
(} T Cannon* w, Utah
P J Cannon. Salt Ldtke
Annie Cannon, Salt L.
Wm Ludlow and wife
H Dorsey. USA
Max Potter. Chicago
G B Jenkinson, N J
Q K Rule Jr. Los A
N Frankland&w. N Y
Miss Marks, Chicago
Miss K Marks, Chgo
H O Colby, N Y
T J Field. Monterey
W J Lannen, Salt Lke
G J Bundv&w, Vancvr
J W Patterson, Phlla
E H Patterson, Phlla
J 8 Woodruff. N Y
Mrs A W Calnet, Phil
Miss L. lSajjer, N Y
J Goebel. S A
W I. Woodrow&w. Cal
H S Adams, X Y
A Stern, Los Angeles
G B Katzensteln, Sac
Mrs R, Darnell. Chcago!
Dr G F I^averty, N Y
R SchermerAw, N T
Mrs "VV T Pratt, N X
Geo H 'Clark, N Y
N B Pratt & wife, Ind
C Davis, Cincinnati
Mrs E Davis. Cincinti
Raymond Whitcomb
Excursion Party:
Col J H Cunningham
Mrs Cunningham
Miss 8 M Cunningham
Miss B A Howard.
I H Converse and wife
MIes F Converse
Aaron Kahn and wife
Max Kahn and wife
H Strauss and wife
Mies 15 Strauss
J J Douglass
Miss Klla Douglass
C B Humphrey & w
W S Ballon and wife
J W Vose and wife
a S Kendrick & wife
V. B Burgees & wife
Ade Graff and wife
Mita F Graff
Miss E M Maltby
Mrs 1 H Coleman
J H Harrington & w
Miss M S?nnow
Albert Wallace and w
Miss A Wallace
Tapt D A Kllham & w
Mrs. C Lowry
Miss A R Edwards
Mrs M W Blnckerhoff
Miss K Flnckerhoff
R W Allen and wife
Mrs S Carpenter
Mra B Vastlne
Mrs T Cole
Mies B Phelan
Mr« E B Webster
Mrs D B Moulton
Miss A Ilendrlck
Mrs J Hendrlck
C II Crosctte and wife
M w Carr. and wife
Miss H Carr
Mrs E Blodfett
Mrs J A Marshall
W K-Alden
G F Blmonda
P V Coween
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
County Resident for Over Fifty
Tears, Passes Away.
L-OS ANGELES, March 14.-Joseph M.
Workman, died yesterday of rheumatism
of the heart. He. had been^a resident of
this county for fifty-four years and had
seen Los Angeles grow from a struggling
village to the second largest city on the
coast, i His wife, four daughters and two
sons survive him. His daughters are Mrs.
J. P. Stolt, Mrs.' J. J. Thornton, Mrs. John
Buehler and Miss Josephine Workman.
His sons are William and George Work
man. City Treasurer W. H.' Workman Is
a cousin of the deceased. ' •
? . . .
Says I*aws Operate Unjustly.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 14.— William
Calvert, , superintendent of the Taku,
Alaska, cannery, In discussing the pres
ent fish agitation in the north, declares
that the Alaskan laws operate unjustly.
While the canners in Washington State
pay a tax of 1 cent per can on their out
put. In Alaska they are made to . pay 4
cents a can. In. Washington the State
maintains, the supply by operating
hatcheries, while? in Alaska the Govern
ment ha3 said that the canners must keep
up the supply.
Stanford's Track Captain.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 14.—
A. S. Henley was unanimously elected
captain of the freshman track team this
afternoon. Henley is a geology major.
He registers from Ukiah, and was the best
athlete in the Academic Athletic League
last year. -¦¦•¦ t -•-¦•.-- ¦ ¦
i - • ¦•
Winery and Home Burned.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— The winery and
residence of C. Ralnarl on Bascotn avenue,
one mile south of Santa Clara, were de
stroyed by flre this morning. . Thirty
seven thousand gallons of wine was de
stroyed. The total loss Is about $8000, with
insurance for half that amount. .
SOUTHERN PIONEER
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Joseph Workman, a . Los Angelas
RENO. New, March 14.— Francis Young
and 'G. Margaret Drummond w.ere mar
ried here Wednesday by Justice of the
Peace Linn. Mr. Young Is a native of
Reno and a telegraph operator by profes
sion. Miss Drummond Is the divorced wife
of "Swlftwater Bill" of Klondike . fame.
The couple left for Sacramento, where
they will visit for a short time, and then
go to San Francisco, where they will In
future reside.
WEDS FORMER WIFE
OF SWIFTWATER BILL
Telegraph Operator United in Mar
riage to Miss O. Margaret Drum
mond of Klondike Prominence.
SEATTLE, March 14.— At a meeting of
the Chamber of Commerce to-day a letter
was read from E. O. Graves, formerly
president of the chamber, In which be
says that work on the cable between
Skaguay and Juneau will be commenced
In the Immediate future.- The letter Is
as follows, having been written in Wash
ington, D. C. March 7th: •:•
I have- had an interview 'with General
Oreely. who Informed me that the Secretary
of War had just authorized him to proceed
with the laying of the telegraphic cable from
Juneau to Skaeuay. He will at once advertise
lor proposals foil the performance of the work.
The supervising architect Informs me . that be
has authorized Collector Huestis to make the
rrcessary arrangements for the establishment
ot an Immigration office at Port Townsend.
CABLE WIIX CONNECT
JTJNEAU AND SKAGUAY
Work Is Ordered to Begin at Once
in the I*aying of the Tele
.. ;,.....=:. graphic ; Wire.~ ..-.. J.T
California— Box. Plurnas County, mall to
Buck; Cortina, Colusa County, mail to Ar
buckle.
Washington— Clover. Okanogan County,
mail to Conconully.
Postmasters commissioned:
Oreg-on— James R. Hunter. Monkland.
Washington— Albert D. Tiff, Griswotd.
The following pensions were issued to
day:
California— Original— Caleb O. Noble.
San Jose, $6; Robert Gawthorp, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $6. Increase— Patrick Mc-
Kay, Veterans' Home, Napa, J8. Reissue
— "William Reasuer, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $8. Reissue and Increase — Rich
ard Mealley, Alameda, $8. Original wid
ows—Mary A. Marsh. Pomona, $8: Mar
garet Whlteley. Arroyo Grande, $8. War
with Spain — Original — Charles Altan, San
Francisco, $8.
Washington— Original— John Lanedon.
Seattle. 56; Henry Averbeck. Soldiers'
Home, Orting, $6; William S. Arnold. Ta
coraa, $8. Increase — Conrad H. Stenby,
Sylvan. $30.
Naval orders: Lieutenant J. C. Burnett,
retired, detached from the naval training
station. Ban Francisco, to duty in- charge
of the branch of the hydrographic" office-,
Portland, Or., relieving Lieutenant A. N.
Wood. The latter Is ordered to the naval
training station, San Francisco, on April 3.
Lieutenant R. M. Hughes, upon comple
tion of the examination preliminary to
promotion, will be detached from the nav
al training station, San Francisco, to Phil
adelphia as navigator.
The hearing at the Interior Department
In matters of scrlppers against petroleum
miners was continued to-day. The time
was entirely occupied with , purely legal
and technical arguments. Ex-Senator
Thurston of Nebraska will conclude to
morrow for tbe scrippera, when Judge
Vandeventer, Assistant Attorney General,
before whom the hearing is being held,
will take the case under advisement. -
Many Pensions Issued— Scrippers'
and Petroleum Miners' Battle
Goes On. t
WASHINGTON, March 14.-The follow
ing postofflces have been discontinued:
INTEB-ESTS THE PEOPIJB
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
It is also contended that a verdict 0,1
manslaughter will not stand because
there was no element of manslaughter In
the case. The. woman's reading of the
novel was given as the cause of the mur
der. • • i
John F. Dore, counsel for the defense,
said to-night that an appeal would bo
taken to the Supreme Court. He contenda
that although the defense Introduced tes
timony to show that Mra. . Gorsa&e was
insane the State made no attempt to prove
her sanity, ¦ notwithstanding the burden of
proof had been shifted. ¦.'.-
SEATTLE. March 14.— Mrs. Jennie Gor
sage of Mount Vernon, "Wash.; ¦who read
Marie "Thelma" and then blew
her husband's brains out with a revolver
as he lay asleep in bed, has been sen
tenced to serve a term of eighteen months
in the penitentiary.
Sentence Imposed Only Eighteen
Months' Imprisonment, but Her
Lawyer Will Appeal to
¦ a Higher Court.
Woman Who Killed Husband
After Reading "Thelma"
. Is Convicted.
MOST SUFFER
F0R H ER CRIME
For th*se reasons, briefly and Imperfectly
stated, and for many others which might be
given at length, I am unable to approve the
bill now- before rat. Very resnectfully,
HEBER M. WELLS, Governor.
I yield to no one affection; for those of ' my
people who from the highest motives, and be
cause they believed it a divine command, en
tered . Into the relation of plural marriage.
Born and reared in Utah, myself a product
of the marriage system, taught from Infancy
to regard my lineage approved by the Al
mighty, and proud to-day, as I have ever been
of my heritage, it will be granted, I trust,
that every instinct of my nature reaches out
to blilelil my friends from harm and to pro
tect them from unjust attacks. Their cause is
my cause, and when they are hurt, I am
hurt, for I am part of them. But In that
same heart which Is filled. with sympathy for
them. I find also the solemn feeling that this
bill holds out only a false hope of protection,
and that in offering a phantom of relief to a
few, it In reality invites a deluge of discord
and disaster upon all.
In my opinion nothing can be clearer than
that this bill, if passed, would be welcomed
and employed as a most effective weapon
against the very classes whose condition it Is
Intended to ameliorate. Furthermore, I have
every reason to believe its enactment would
be the. signal for a general demand upon the
national Congress for a constitutional amend
ment directed solely against certain social con
ditions here, a demand, which under the cir
cumstances, would assuredly be compiled with.
While it may be urged that in any event only
the few could be made to suffer, is it not an
odious thought, repulsive to every good citi
zen of whatsoever creed or party, that the whole
State should thus be put under a ban 7 Sure
ly there is none so selfish and. unpatriotic a*
to argue that this is preferable to the endur
ance of a few Isolated Instances of prosecu
tion — unbacked, as they , are. by either re
spectable moral support or sympathy. All of
us can readily recall the conditions of the past
as compared with those of to-day. In the
shortest memory still remain incidents of that
distressing period shortly before statehood
during which bo much sorrw and bitterness
stalked through our community. Of still' more
recent date— no lonper than two years ago —
another outburst was threatened and to some
extent was manifested. But as a termination
of the first came concession, and amnesty,
and evidences of good faith, and at length
statehood. In which everybody rejoiced: and
while as a rc-sult of the second, the sun of
our prosperity was. for a time obscured, the
clouds at length have rolled away, and Utah,
united, hopeful -ami - 4 vigorous. — Is- marchirj;
bravely forward to'tl^ mUslc'ofthe'unlori.""-
The patience, loyalty and conservatism of
our citizens are so widely recognized that only
by the passage of such a bill as this can
their reputation be injured. The broad-mlndetl
and intelligent everywhere accept the situation
here as it exists, and are content to let time
complete the solution of the problem. Kven
the bigoted and the meddlesome have to admit
that with rare exceptions the conduct and in
tegrity of the people are above reproach.
But these conditions only serve to make the
responsibility of the executive the more
weighty, and I could have wished to be spared
the test. Nevertheless, the recollection of my
oath of office, the requirements of my duty
as I understand it, and the conviction of my
own best Judgment and my conscience, unite
in demanding of me that I withhold approval
from this bill. If I know myself. I can sin
cerely say that I am anxious that the very
best and wisest thing shall be done in respect
to all matters that have vexed us so much in
times past. And knowing this whole people as
I do. it is my firm conviction that whatever
the present feeling may be they will be sin
cerely grateful In the, days to come if thla
measure Is not written upon th« statute books.
Xo official act of my life has been approach
ed by me with a sense of responsibility bo pro
found as Is Involved In the consideration of
this bill. It is a measure of the supremest
importance, and in its consequences for good or
ill it easily surpasses any other proposition
that ever came before this commonwealth for
legislative and executive determination. . It
has been argued in both branches of the As
sembly .with splendid force and ability, while
Its provisions have doubtless been eagerly dls
cussfd in the remotest hamlet of our State.
With due allowance for the exaggerations that
may be expected from those, who warmly sup
port, and from those who with equal warmth
antagonize the measure, I accord to all of
them, without any reservation whatever, full
credit for absolute sincerity, breadth of sym
pathy, and a desire for the public welfare,
which of themselves render it a noteworthy
and unique piece of proposed legislation.
To the Senate: I have the honor to return
herewith, without '• approval. Senate bill No.
113, • 4 an act amending section 4611 of the Re
vised Statutes of Utah, 1898, In. relation to the
making of complaints and commencing of
prosecutions In criminal cases."
SALT LAKE, March 14.— Governor
"Wells has vetoed the £.vans bill, relating
to the" making of complaints and com
mencing of prosecutions in criminal
cas«B. The following Is the full text of
the veto message sent to the Senate to
night: -
Cannot Approve of What Might Be
Used as Weapon Against the
Very Classes It Is In
tended to Benefit.
Governor of Utah Says Meas
ure Would Cause Wide
spread Harm.
WELLS VETOES
EVANS BILL
THE SAN, FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1901.
11
la
• — OF THE— " .
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
fPATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Sinftle Number, Class ;"?»'! Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., Sat-
urday; /March 16, i9oi. ¦ ;?•;:;:
No - Prize. Xo. Prlza. No. Prize.
52 1« 79 24 96 16
144......;. IS 223... 40 474 16
i2° • 24 721 «' 897 24
.21 2I 10S8 16 1173 H
H3 16 1365 1« "«» t«
1"> 1* 1588 40 1675 IS
'.J«?J 24 1742 2000 1777 1«
IS"-- 1« 1»7. - 80 2014........ 16
«?} 1« «M........ 16 ffij M
23o4 so 2434..: 1*Q 1508 14
2323 1« 2684 24 1729 18
I"(!2 }4 2818 lg 2830 1<J
2833 24 2S43 24 aM!":::: 16
»« 1« 3173 so 3JS4 24
31S6 80 Xiii 120 KS1 2 IS
3481 16 3644 40 S©7 IS
*9« 24 4149 4ft(416« 1«
«69 SO 4200 1« 42«4 24
4349. ., 24 4501... IS 4560 16
4726........ 24 4S18 21 4$« 24
6006........ 16 6007 80 50» 80
BC35 !4 K37 16 5333 1«
6360 24 6398 SO MIS 16
• 54« 24 63S7 24 8672 16
6754... 40 5774 24 «379 .' 16
¦ 5970 ; 16 6SS6 16 *3U 24 '
6418 16 6424 IS (503 IS
,«5S7 24 «670 16 «S34 It
6S30 16 6958 40 6971 24
6999 8000 7042 16 7200 16
7HS... 16 74S6 IS 7583 14
7794 24 80« 80 82C3 : 16
S233 IS 8378 80 8517........ 40
$643 16 S6S1 40 8753 IS
8761 ¦ 16 8S01 21 8950 24
9056 40 S211... J« 9238 16
9241 - EO 9366 IS 9423 SO
9125 16 94« 40 9609 - 16
9P23 16 9849 16 98S3 16
9875 16 100S9 40 1041J 18
10579 24 10605 SO 10614 24
10639 16 10S24 24 11054 IS
11352 24 11313 16 11356 24
11437 24 11637 IS U«8» 24
11S99 16 11997 24 12034 40
liC6G 16 1*179 40 12457 24
12494 40 12629 16 12653 40
1J7C4 8012727 24 12SJ2 16
1C947 4012997 4013044 40
1M74 2413483 40 13650 IS
13740 40 1376S 16 13*42 40
13995 40 14103 -24 14134 40
14176 16 14244 80 14249 24
14279 16 14729 4014377 14 i
14S99 16 15055... 16 15229 18
15242 24 15545 24 15549 W
1?59» 24 157*4 ' 16 15»47 16!
U057 80 16074 16 16117 SO
1P133 16 1S134 24 16588.. 40;
I«3o0 24 16473 80.1S594 18
1CC67. ...;... 16 16924 24 16371 24
16&93 16 17011 16 17062 40
17138 16 17279 24 17373....;... 24
17614 4O176W 80 17718 18
17783.. ...... 4017930 '16 17994 24
18061.: 24 18CS3. ....... IS 18170 40
1S231 16 1S365 40 1S490 1«
1K66 16)18571 24 18598 24
1S6S8 40 18711 . J4 18796 «
18iO3 .16 18864 J 4 19077.. 18
W.44.*. 40 13199.. 2119224 40
19257 24 W4S2 16119720 16
I!i771 16 19S74 16120013 40:
20066 802CCS8 120120112 80 1
20228 24I2O2M 40 20301 24
2(1411 16120453 16|2O3M 400
20561 1S20633 16I206S4 It
20796 4OJ2OS12 80 20874 1«
2C939 120121069 40 21137 16
21385 16J213S6 24121619 80
21620 16|21675 16 21684 IS
21932 24 21971 40 21999.,, IS
2K23 16 22362 24 22179 18,
2.-604 40 22609 16 22657 IS;
22922 16 22937 16|229R2 19
2.-.004 15J23291 16 23302 IS
2^392 40 233S3 4O'23610 16
2^.656 16:3873 ICtoSO 24
2rt'G4 40 239*9 16I242S5 1«
243S8 21 2454S 80 24576 80
2457S 16[24769 80 24317 1«
24S64., 16124378 24 25015 16
2iC34 16 25121 16 25228 24
25157 24 25279 21125335 1« :
IC429 1SI255SS.... 16123742 1« !
25797 24125975 16I26C28 40
2C091.. 24126316 24J26343 80 i
2CJ41 16(26552 24|26830 24 I
r.127 24i27144 16127253 40O
2^284.... 12027316 16127333 24
2-.251 16 27439 KI27441 J4
27«5. 120 37003 16 27365 r .. 24
27594 24 27607.. 24 27697 24
27794 40J27905 24 28170 16
2S212 40I2S319 24I2S488 18
2S527 24I2S546 40128575 16
28782 1SI2SS20 40129223 24
2t277 21|£>349 2ll29U*> 24
2T473 4929302 24129519 40
2K-91 1625602 40123608 24
2V761 4029835 1SJ29569 1«
, 2<j*3 40 j
f X<m. ....... 1S303S6....:./. 1S:SO479 1«
!3fl5C6.. 40 3C6C6 16J3CS73/.."..... • 40
30768 40 30IS2 16130994 49
31145 40 31246 16J313O9 2-1
21352 16 31604 16:31513 16
316SO 24 31712 24J31S14 16
31S23 % 40 32007........ 16132303 24
32321........ 18 323*3 16:32708 24
377S9 40132918 24J32979 IS
33041 1613=243 16133290 24
333S6 1633S23 16 83329 24
33779......:. 24|33784 16|33S47 24
33S91. ....... 24I33S83 16I3334S 16
34026 24131406 4034437 40
31459 24 34501 16134503...-. 1*
34637 10CO 34643........ . 24J34S63 43
34884 4034964 40 33083 24
35172 ' 16IS5221 l«lsS318 4U
35540 40135621 40 36050 1«
36073./. 40J36147 16 36232... 24
S6235 40 3G2CS 24 363S5 24 i
36411.. 16 3C432 24 36367 40'
36799 40 37069 16 37217 1«
374C2 16U7421 24137126 MO
37458 • 24137303 24 37574 24
37017 80'37719 120137774........ 40
37805 40137821 16137830 40
37902 A . ¦ 16IC7943 16137946 M
27S57 40137962.. :..... 16J37982 IS
37989 40|380U 80|3S099 40W.
3S199 1«'3S215 8013SS30 16
3S358 1613S430 40 35460 40
3SiO5 16I3S692 49J38739 16
3S875 40 3S975 16I3S994 80,
39W9./ 12O|39139 24 39C0O .40.
39201 16139233 24 39233 Jl :
S943S... IS 39458 16 39479 21
39514 24139357 IS S9«?l 16
38703 24|39713 80 39719 "IS,
39746 40 3*814 40 S9937. M
4CC64 24 40188 54 4CS0 24
40259 40 40264 16 45427. 89
40688 1« 4C753 24 40810 40
40959.. 16 41036 24 41039 .49
41046 16 41151 18 41313 16
41453 16 U638 24 41717.. 1«
41941 1642105 16!42123..'..... K 40
4C167 16 421S8 40142294 IS
42335 24 42340 16JG341 SO
4C377 16 42413 24 42437 :. 24
42469 80142578 24 42591 . 1«
42662 16142709 16i4284I... 16
42*76 16142898 16 42911 24
42973 24142958 2143109 IS
43263 2JU32S3 40 43387.. M>
4340*.. 24143516 24 43594 16
43ES9 16143676 24 43750 16
440S6 16144113 16 44113 IS
44200 16 44333 16 44332 IS
44394 120 41400 24J44401 16
44J8S 24 44768 40 44770 24
4»824 .- SO 14857...,,... 24 4*212 16
45274 40 45368 16 45378 SO
45500 1SI43J63 80145594 80
4397,5 8OJ46023 16|46503 2*
46670 80146709....'.... 16146847 IS!
4C843 S0U8894 16|46912 24;
;47188.. 16147206 24 47*45 24
472S0 ,. . 16|47333... 40 47132 21
47431 24 47541........ 24 47558 24
47595 16'47G38 16H7S72 lfl
47819 16117838 16J4785S 49
47933 16147999.... 16I4S196 '... Jl
4S208 ' 40 4327S 40148318 IS
48391 40 48577 WI48654 16
480*0 16 4S9S2 400 49062 IS
49060 i 40149076.-. ' 80 49120........ -»
49228 16 49509... 16 49738. ...... 24
49775....:... 80i43777..: 16149783 24
49791 401 . ; -;-
E0007 24150141 16 50249 IS
E02S5 16150409 24150625 24
60741 ' 40!50999 16151058. 14
510J6 16151181. ...... 24151259 ' 16
£1330 16151469 16!S1550.? 80.
51679 16151740........ 16131748. 40
E2023 16152055 ¦ 40152071 24
52301.. 16152542 24152840.. 40
52794 24i62S15 16tS2SS<J. ....... 24
53072 16J53C87 . S01533J3 40
53398. ..... ~ - 40I&3407 40153408. . ...... 24
£3461 16153664 40153702 49
C37S5 16153738 16153748 120
ES910.. -¦..... 80154025.... J4I54040 24
54252J 40I54S6I.'. 4O!M40S 40
'54487...'.....- 24154505........ 2*!54£63 80
C4S58... :..:: 16IM917 80155029........ IS
55C83 16I55W5 2415523S IS
ZIZSS .-. 40I5S472 24)55581........ 1«
55679 24155712 24155728........ g»
£5742........ 24155757 16I55S47 IS
65S93 16155909 40156222 18
M223 .- 16156276 40I564CS 24
5C410 40!56416 24156469 ]g
U90i. 40157210 16157234 40
o/ 1 »49..'. 40157388........ 24|57433.. 15
KM 16157710 40157795 21
57835 .*. 16137934 24158075 24
6*227........ 40)5X32.1...:.... 24(38333 24
55411 24U84S2 24!5S562 • j«
BS73J 401S8737:.. ...... 24I5««X» "4
£!-S>l....... 300COI5S570 120!5969S 40
Wi7CS........ ; 16I59S03. ' 40159987. ....... is
tfiC-32 1 24160058 16160290 lg
Cf3Sl. .....-:¦ 80160382 16160536 lg
6CC43.. 16160565. .; 16J61WO 18
f,1150 16161294 16161352 jg
fl4S4....V... 40161558 16(61723 18
61S90 18I619M.., 24
Cn50 40162204 16!62S!»1 " s
61422 24!654«7.. ..'.... 24IS24W »•
62672 16I62S92........ 16162901 jU
62945 24182979 16;63062..' ' 80
63212 40I632S2.. ...... 4fl[63371 jg
63T^2 80!63394.. ...... 1616341S i«
C3T9O .... r 16163*04.......: 16it4O73 »«
64100.. 'MUM167.: ...... 4OJ64169 40
64270 21IS42S5 12OIS4390 24
«1432. ....... 24!64328.. 1SIS4567 24
64fO2 36164S46 241*4724 40
€4743.....:.. 16!«5A«l> 16I6312O u
65285 40165412........ 24165445 i«
R449 ..V' 16165472.-....;.. • 1«;«5723 IS
60706........ x 120160860 '... :4[«S76 2J
-T^Tr" APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100' numbers from 59,331 to 59.431. lncluslre.
being 50 numbers on each side of th» number
drawing tbe capital prize of $30,000—840.
100 numbers from 6949 to 7043. ineluslvt. be-
ing SO numbers on each aide of the number
drawing the capital prize of fMCO — $24.
100 numbers from 38.049 to 33,149. Inclusive.
being: SO numbers on each slda of th* number
drawing the capital prlxe cf I40CO-111
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 81. being th» two
lest figures of the cumber drawing th* capital
prize of J30.COO-I*.
»»9 numbers ending with 99. being- the two
last figures of the number drawing th» second
capital prize of $8CC0— »S.
Tbe subscriber having supervised the alng!*
number drawing, class "C." Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were this
day drawn from tbe IGO.000 placed In th* wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
(Signed) W. & CABELL, Commissioner.
Wltneaa my hand at Puerto Cortez. Hon-
duras, C. A., this Saturday. March 9. 1301.
J30.0CO FOR 82— WHOLE OF FIRST CAPITA!*
PRIZE.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 1». 1301.
Archibald Douglas of Ko. 2344 N. 19th atreet.
2Sth Ward, elty of Philadelphia. State of Penn.
rylvanta. belrg duly sworn, deposes and says
that he Is the true and rightful and bona fl<l«
Cmner of one whole ticket Xo. 87,188 of th«
Honduras National Lottery Company (Louisi-
ana State Lottery) of Puerto Cortex. Honduras,
C. A., and which number drew the first capi-
tal prize of thirty thousand dollars ($30,000) at
drawing held Saturday, February 9, 1901. in
Puerto Cortez. Honduras. . C, A., and hereby
ecknowledges that tbe sum of thirty thousand
dollars, in current funds of the United States.
«as paid him In tbe city of Philadelphia upon
the surrender of said ticket.
(Signed) ARCHIBALD DOUGLAS.
Sworn and subscribed to before me. a notary
public of and for the city and county of Phila-
delphia. State of Pennsylvania. February JO,
1101. (Signed) ARNOLD KATZ.
Notary Public.
$2000 FOR M CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OF SEC-
OND CAPITAL PRIZE.
State' of Texas. County cf Tarrant— ss.
James Simmons, being duly sworn, on «hls
oath says that he la * resident of the elty oC
Fort Worth. Tarrant County, Tesas, and that
he la the bona fide owner and holder of ticket
lii'mber 19,733 In the Honduras National Lot-
ti ry Company In the drawing which took place
at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., Saturday.
February 9, 1901. entitling him to one-auarter
of second capital prize of 1*000 In said com-
pany. (Signed) JAMES SIMMONS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this lSUt
day of February. 1901. »~xr»r.«
. (Signed) E. RENFRO.
Notary Public, Tarrant County. Texas.
84000 FOR 81— ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAPI-
Statt of Indiana, Tippeeanoe County— ss.
On this 23d day of February. 1901. before me.
Harry Herrmann, a notary public tn and for
said county and State, personally appeared M.
J Gettler, who. being first duly sworn, deposes
and says: I am the lawful owner of one-half
ticket ot th* Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany formerly Louisiana State Lottery, bear.
ing number nineteen thousand seven hundred
and thirty-three (19,733> In the drawing of said
lottery which took place at Puerto Cortes,
Honduras. C. A., on the 9th day of February.
1901- said ticket N'o. 19.733 drew the second
capital prize Of eight thousand dollar*.
feigned) M. J. GETTLEB.
Witnesses: FRANK K. SPITZNAGLE. R.
L ADKINS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of February, 1901.
(Signed) * HARRY HERRMAN>*.
Notary Public, commissioned to June 21, 1901.
J*000 FOR M CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OF SEC-
OND CAPITAL. PRIZE.
Conrad Acker of No. 1519 South Broadway,
being duly sworn, says that he Is the nghtfu'.
owner of one-quarter ticket No. 19.733, which
drew the second capital prize of SSOOO tn th>»
drawing held at Puerto Cortes. Honduras, C.
A.. February 9. A. V. 1901.
(Signed) . CONRAD ACKER.
State of Missouri. City of St. Louis— ss.
On this 23d day ot February before me. the
undersigned, a notary public within and for
the city of Et. Louis and State of Missouri,
personally appeared Conrad Acker. t» m»
Known to be the same person whose- name is
subscribed to the foregoing Instrument as a
witness thereto, who. being by me duly sworn
r.n his oeth. deposes and says that the forego-
ing Instrument Is correct and true to the best
Of ( S h .^ed n ,° WledKe - HENRT C. ARENDES.
Notary Public within and for th* City of St.
Louis, Mo.
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by pres-
ident of Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company).
THE WEEKLY CALL
: §1 per Year.
No. Prlae.lN-o. Prize.JNV*. Priz-.
«•¦*« *o«6i3». isiaem i«
6*234. 40SS283 40186433 4t>
SfiSS ' 16 86651 1SJ68S52 1«
66908 24 67061... 16:67181 2t
K1S9... 24 ! «727S 24187281 SO
17433 S*;S7«93.. 24;S72>3 1«
TOW 16{«7«» 1667736 24
6"'S25 24,KS53 18 6834? 24 J
6M53 24I6S599 80 63604 W
6SM3 16 69073 24 69159 80
«31«4 40 892S0 18169417 1«
«M28 24iS9549 *0|«9557_ 34
*>«» l«i«)Stt W163741 SO
6M» 10i6998S 1617003 31
7C023 120 70044 18170332 1«
7W0S 40 70470 80I7BS17 1«
70634 139 70638 16i70S22 8<>
I«*S« l«i7084S 24171132 . 89
• 1194 18|712SO !4'7i:99 14
71358 24171645 24 71603 2t
717S1 1671822 8OJ7DCS 14
7197* 18,72002 40(72019 1«
"2071 16 72099 16;72133 1«
7IH2—...... 24 721S3.. ...... 1«|722U 80
722« 16 72443 l«|7:4«0>. M
:!;«.. ...... lsten is;t2:3* :»
72«S5 161T27SS 16|7*S22 1*
KS39.. 24.72S57 1SI72979 120
73034. 24173080 4Ot73173.. ...... 2t
7SS03 24173321 40 73X3 1*
B477 34734*5. lSi73533 \i
T3M3 S0|73S2« 40 73627 ?>
73644 S0173781 24 7379*........ 2*
73f?ll 24J7391S. 2173944 1«
74125..- 40174234 24174344... «... 24
743S0 88174301 24 74S05 19
71557... 1«?4653 24174790 14
74S23 34 74839 I«l749«3 1«
TT.135 24J731*« 18I7S2S4........ lOOrt
Tfc,2» 24 73424 1S175441. ....... 14
75583 1S7S937 1SJ7I5O40 1*
76S» J4764» 1«|7«443 1*
T8758 40J76835 40I7S901 34
7«63 16,770c* unni w
77015 24 77149 16177227 24
T72S*> 1«|773S8 24|7741« IS
T7425 161774S9 80)77355 M
77632 16 77701 16177708 2t
77720........ 16 78037 24,78074 14
78241 -84 73251 l*|7S30« 8»
TS361 1«7S3«4 24S7SU25 S»
7?4S8 1878526 40(78537 ?>
7KS7 120*78623 24J78934 :t
7J.964 4079111 1«|792« Vt
K«13 4079716 40J7S747 41*
7W5« 4Oi*0OS« 24IS0263 IS
SC308 SO S0443 34:SO466 IS
8^05... 120 S0556 16IJ0S87 \*
?075« 16;S0780 80 80787 4i>
JM1T 80i80V5S 4O;SO379........ H
8M47 UISU12 80)81243 SO
81304 24S1S08 H.S13S2 1«
81415 241S15M 24J81J6S 24
*161S 16181763 8O!S18J1 40
81SS5 24i$19C5 16!S204> Jl
82082 40JS2115 1BI82212 M
83434 1SJ82386 18 82S57. ....... 24,
8270*. 80iS2714 1«!S2733 IS
83751 1«.82315 8OIS3952 40O
8C9SO 1SJS29S1 24 83013 14
83042 80S3223.. 40S31C6 1«
8S544...:.... ¦ S0S3642 80JS3732 1«
83S70 24 84053 400184155 8«>
•4218 - 4O8424S 24134373 2»
84414 24[844S3 18J8452O 40
84723 8018476? 16 84783 14
84SC8.. ...... 16JS4S87 ]«'»>«> 40
8C002 ' 241S5O15 24IS508S 24
85139 16:85202 SOI8o227 IS
83:89 1«'3S431 24t83433 40
85483 16[S3504 24!8i589 14
85619 1«««43 16JS3733 40
£5739 16i«5793 12O!8;»1S 1«
85897 24|S£324 16 86113 2fc
8«92 „ 8OJS6322.. ...... 24!s«5O» *>
8f«71 24l?6S4S l«;«723l 1»
87260 401872S8 1687301 24
87338 16'S7450 24187658 24
87««0 40 S78S4 24i*T71S 2k
87795 24187*87 1« 88123 M
8J304 40SS3S4 1« SS409 4<i
8X476 4088433 16!S8J20 14
8£«32 1JI.1S6S4 16 Wit 1*
*m« 1«!8S9«8 40183373 120
R!»4f« 16:89428 1«|8964» IS
8V780 4O;89S03 161*9812 2*
JC060 1*90100 24190107 41
90f63 40 90683 1«!9C6M.. ...... 40
»»733 16^0730 80190770 14
30772 24 90SSS 24iJ1035 2»
J1109 40(91299 1«!91311 2*
91324 KI91465 24J91494 , SO
S1610 24191797 49I31S79 W
91S68 SOi920C3 18!921J0 40
91604 16 92647 M^ISM 4<»
92687 4O92679 M|M«9J 2*
92S13 40(92848 80192898 SO
92951 16I9305S 16 93059 IS
9;090 120932S1 t4[3333S 40
9^61 16193338 40'33603 24
936SS 16:83SS2 Mt33977 W>
MM1.. IS 34T31 40 94289 2»
94307 1494544 24|34659 ,. IS
W707 120 94755 24194947 1«
J49S1 40 93015 24J95O21 14
M031 18 951M 40'95321 W
9M23 16195405 19195461 ... 1«
9M92 18 95774 16195984 40
9(063 40 96150 24196199 120
9f496 16 3KU 1RI96J63 1"
9(588 24 S6631.. 24]96«35 19
9C722 I619678« 16I96S32 24
9«J90 24197128 80!9717» 4O
97301 16'97»4«> 16!97373 „ 14
97B11 24i9757S 16197613 80
97783 120I9779S 16197S68 2*
97926 40197936 80197995 1«
9;1137 • 1S.9S26'» 21)98360 40)
9i448 40!9S«4S. ....... 16;9S631 2*
9S773 40'3SST.l..; 40198377 2*
9-.iO27 l«;99034 16,99178 14
9<214 169923", 40.9926S 1«
W39« 1899341 24199557 4»
J97K 18 »7M 120I99965 18
nEAL ESTATE COnTRV — For Sale
A GOOD general farm. 160 acres; 35 cultivated;
halance wooied hill pasturage; fenced; liv-
ing stream; well; tangly orchard.: residence,
barn, etc.; •'% miles iron two railroad sta-
tlone; Sonoma County; $3000. Only S1100- 10
*+r~e. bord»rin«c llvlr.c «lreani; richest level
alluvial anr. rolling land: 160 bearing trees-
f-room residence, barn, weM, etc.; only on<s
rr.'.le from Nara. Remember I'm accurately
acquainted with more country property for
*ale or.d exchange than all other arenas in
fcan Francsco: 3000 ranches on my list State
v/hat's wanted und pet reliable descriptions
cf barrain*. N. D. SICKELS. the Land
Agent, b Geary ft.. Fan Francisco.
$4^tv— <2 actvs fine level land In Sonoma County-
1 mile from town and railroad; SO acres in
vines, twvthirds full bearing; 1 acre fruif
Pr*re crop this year should bring :iD00; house.
tl C - '' ,^l" ls very chM P *nd part of it
could be sold In S and 10 acre lot* at a Janre
profit. CAMAX & ALLE.V. 215 Kearny et.
AN . ex 5T Jon * Uy charm! *S. highly Improved
and fully equipped M-acre foothill ranch. 6
n «^7-J.C VfI roa(1 £rom N »P»: only JJR50. X.
t>. SICXELS— the— LAND AGENT, 6 Geary.
GRAZING or dairy Und to lease. 2S0 acres,
with large outside ranee. In Humboldt County.
Cal.. for term of years: plenty wood and
water. M. It. JAGER. 110 Taylor St.. S. F.
AT $30 per acre; choicest level orchard and
grain land In State; a^Joir.s R.R.: easy terms.
Cal. rarra Lar.d Aes?i.. m Examiner bldg.
•WRITE J. W. HORN. F12 Main. Petalama, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents-The Weekly Call.
18 page*, in wrapper, for mailing, il per year.
ttEALTY TO EXCHAXGB.
ii arion giuffin! -~~-~~~~~~~
719 Market, n^ar Call bid*. Tel. Black 1801
I have a Innjr list of city and country prop-
erty for *a]«» ani »ich»n<r«. Tlease call.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALK REAL ESTATE.
$:SCO— *-nOOM house with latest Improve-
ments, including electric lights; lot 50x165; a
tatFaio: beautiful view.
f2 «00 — 6- room house; all modern Improve-
ments; corner lot, &CxloO; In beautiful Fruit-
vBle: term? rasy. Call or acMiv*s A. R. PE-
TEKgoy fc CO.. 4T8 Tenth n.. Oakland.
T<~>n sale — A muntry home: fine grounds; house
of 6 rooms: 10 minutes' \r.-ftk of local trains;
<n Haywards electric roa-1. Frultvale P. O..
box IIP.
HAVWAUDS REAL. ESTATE.
C50V-BABQAIN! Fine home In Haywarfls*
Modern onttapp. F. room? snd basement; barn,
mill and t«nk: J 1-10 acre* all in choice fruit;
fine view; cost fJOOO. Address C. PROWSE,
Hsywaris, »"al.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— !!1S BROADWAY.
OAKLAMI REAL. ESTATE.
A BAKKEB'S home, s rooms; pran.ily situated: j
ralf b'."<-k: magnificent grounds: over 117,000 j
•¦xi-end^d: qu>k yalp; price JWV'; Koine to
Humpe. LAVMANi'E REAL. ESTATE CO..
4P0-«6* Klchth «.. Oakland.
I/IT 3 in p!at 0 Piedmont Park, ns a whole
or In ra:t to salt. ALFREDJ. KELLEHER,
T324 Clay ft.. F. r.
OAKLAXD^nLATs' TO LET.
ABOUT completed— -C-room flats, entirely mod-
ern; 3 blocks from railroad station In choice
residence feetion. tZCi to J2T £0 per month.
HERON & HOI/TOMB. 1069 Proadway.
OAKLAND FIIIXITIRE FOR SALE.
> X intrtx3u<-t!on to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, lHh and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEI'IXG.
EDDY. 93^—2 lareeoSnnectlns room*; newly
papered; private residence; no children.
ELLIS. C21— N'ictly furnished front room, com-
plete for housekeeping; E*s etove; |10.
FOLSOM. ~$\rt — - neatly furnished connecting
rooms with stove; reasonable.
GOLDEN' GATE ave.. 213-Unfurnlshed rooms;
no children.
I.ARKIN*, 716 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
suite, t!2; single room, $;.
MIVNA, 175, near Third— Housekeeping rooms
i-ir.c> or suite. $2 59; also others at Jl 25.
MIFFIOV, I60<— F"ror.t bay-window rooms and
kitchen; housekeeping;, co children. . . -
OCTAVIA. HDJ. cor. G*>ary— Large 6unny room
and kitchen ccinplete; also single for two.
/r.rnsp. ri2— Furnished housekeeping rooma;
r.eai, clean end respectable; reasonable.
FIIOTWELL. 121. near Sixteenth— 2 furnished
front rooma for light housekeeping; cheap.
FIXTH. 541— Sur.ny front and back parlor for
housekeeping, 510; rlngle room with stove, $3.
TEHAMA. 44 — 3 housekeeping rooms.
TWELFTH. 12. near Market— Front furnlebea
room, with stove, for housekeeping. —
TWENTY-THIRD. 372S. near Dolores— 2 or 3
Funny bay- window rooms; neat and clean.
<"LASSIK1ED edvertispments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*'jV»ser: rations has be«?a established at 1096
Valeria st.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. nnd 1 nf nrn.
/ROVLE, The. McAllister «t.. cor. Larkln—
This hiph-class rooir.irig-houee Is newly open-
r-i; it has been elegantly and tastefully fur-
nished: e\-ery Improvement for comfort and
*anitary requirements has b**n adopted; all
. rutslde. eunny rooms, with or without baths:
parties with references are invited to inspect
above premise*; rooms shown In the evening.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— For room*, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nlehed, unfumirhed. with or without board.
, f.nett In city. ***¦ ELDER ROOM RENTING
<"O.. 22 Kearny tl.. t<*l. 2ZH Red.
AHLKJKX HOTEL, ZZ1 Grant ave.— Best dol-
Ur a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences
room* 50c up; first class m<?a's 2jc; fiee coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOrSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
2^c to $1 per nijrht; Jl 15 to t5 per week, and
light housekeeping; cpt-n all night.
ANTONIO, 14. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. off
Jonee — t sunny rooms; large yard and cellar.
BL'RNKTT. 1C6 Market (old No. lJf4)— Fur-
r.:sh«d rci«., suites, eingle; also unfurnished.
BCSH. 225's— Double rooms, week. Jl 50 to $3-
*:ng!e. Jl to 51 50; right, ZZc to JL
tl WEEK; lai-ge, sunny furnished room, closet,
bath; private; call toy 8 p. m. S34 Folsom!
CHART. 1137— Newljr furnished rooms; hot and
ccid water; bath; phone East 23J.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooma, Vn eulta or
».:ns'»; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
MARKET. 1055. opp. Jonea— Furnished sunay
roomi, p.ingrle cr double; bath.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market et.— Nicely
furnished rooms. S- a week up; S5c a day up.
O'FARP.ELL. 20-Sunny furnishe-d rooms and
office*; elevator; elec. lights; day, wk. t mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoklrjt-rocm and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, r«*r night. 2oc to $1 DO; week, $2 to
I'.: tnor.th. SS to 530; elevator en ground floor;
r.X)ir.s with hot smd co!d water; baths.
ROPHDALK Houm, Sli^2*l Ellis et.— Rooms,
right, 2Sc to Jl; v.eek. |l 25 to J4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 3 Eighth et.
t'.ear Market— Fur-KlEhed or unfurnished.
TAYLOR. ifi6— funny rooice en suite and sin-
gle; Vo month; Cic x*r night.
THK EKP.LIN, 2*3 Kearny— El ogar.t *ulte«-
p'.ngje rocms; running m-ater: transient. '
VAN NEF5". 1C12 — Elegant eunny alcove, newly
furnif-hfd. with connecting dressing room-
also large eurny room; gentlemen. '
CLASSIFIED a/li-ertlBernents and eubocrlptiona
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fttlmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
jtubecriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. ~
AT the old Eterenson mansion, opp. Craca
Chtirch. with annex SC? California st.. mar
t* found amort exceptionally good table, at-
tractive end ilgntly rooms at modest rates.
EDI>Y. wC flrvinrdale)— Nice eunny front room
with board; other rooms; reasonable.
P.OOMS and board: jirices reasonable. 415
Jlryt gt.
11OO319 AM) 11OAKI* \VA.\TI51>.
WANTED — Board and room for young lady In
reJlneJ private family; San Rafael preferred.
Address B. J.. box 2404. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
I city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
' 41* Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 65M.
SHOW CARDS AXP POSTEltS.
tHO'tV cards, window tickets, posters. DEK-
ilOXV. 1170 Market, r. 1G3. phone Folsom ISO.
SEyVINO MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL . k lnas bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 19ti Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; ne-dles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 6.
KTORAGEAXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH~Storage and MovTng~Co^
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6712.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmor« St.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion 6t.; tel. Wat lSJl. F. W.ZEHFUSS.
BEKIXS Van «nd Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
?el. Main 1840; chipping at cut rates.
TRUSSES. _^
MANUFA'R; elastic etocklng?, shoulder braces.
supporters made, repaired. Menge. 603 Kearny.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-We
pell better mcahines for less money than any
house in the elty: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 638 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend Xo. g» (twenty-
flve cents per ehare) of the Hutchinson Su-
gar Plantation Co. will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st, on and
after WEDNESDAY. March 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books close on Thursday, March 14. 1901,
at 3 o'clock xv m.
G. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No. 19 (twenty-
flve certs per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. on and
after Friday. March 15, 1901. Transfer books
will close Saturday. March 9. 1901, at 12
o'clock m. E. If. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVEIITISEMESTS.
IN th# Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— In thf
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
rxration. upon its application for a Judgment
r>f dissolution. Notice. — No. 75.397. Dept. 10
Notice is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws ot the
Ptate of California, and having: Its office and
T-lace of business in the city end countv of
Pan Francisco. State of California, has filed
its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of its board bf directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
nf Fan Francisco. State of California, pray-
ir.g for a Judgment of dissolution of paid
corporation: and that Monday, March I5th.
]?fl. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
mid court. Department No. 10. In the City
Hall of the city «.nd county of San Fran-
rif.co. have been appointed as the day. time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto 6et my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 190L
fPeal] WM. A. DEANE. CTerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deoiitv Clerk, ftn-
dcrsed.) Filed Feb. 20. WSk. WM. A. DEANE,
<1frk. by E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
EXTENSION of protest— Captain W. U'ilmsen
master of the German ship Otto Gildemeis-
ter of Uremen. will extend his protest on
Saturday. March lfl. 1901, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the office of the Imperial Oermin Con-
sulate in this city. SIS Sacramento *t. San
Francisco. Mar*+i 13. IS01. O. LOHAN, Im-
perlal Herman Vlcg Consul. .
PRO PO S AI^S.
NOTICE TO ARCHITECTS— General in«truc-
tlons to competitors for desicrnlnr and fur-
nishing plans for a hospital for the German
General B»n«volent Society can now be ob-
tained at the nfflc*. seo Geary *t.
THE nuiLDIXG COMMITTEE.
TVTARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlace license* were issued
yesterday:
. John J. Schonie, 26, 1723A Scott street, and
Nina L. Calatlof. 10, 17^A Scott street.
George A. Bundy, Xi, Vancouver. Wash., and
Viola' V. JefTrees, 22, city.
Charles J. Hussey. 19, 747 Howard street, and
Maud McCormick, 16. S49S Minna street.
Charles Doyle, n. Presidio, and Alexandria
E. Klein, II. 2?60 Twenty-second street.
John Reckelberr, 30, 1 Pixley a.venue, and
Emma J. Zembleman. 21. 62 Albion avenue.
Charles K. Hea.bury. 41. 262 Seventh street,
and l>eanora F. Mitchell, 32. 2€2 Seventh street.
Lorenzo D. Batchelor. 5fi, 3222 Eighteenth
Ftreet, and Susie Batchelor, 29. 3222 Eight-
eenth street.
Otto H. Mohr. 23, 611 Eddy street, and E.
KEtelle Stelnegal. 20. 611 Hddy street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, mania re and death notices cent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either cf the publication offices -and -be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to bave the same published.
MARRIED.
SHAVEN-HANSON— In this city. March 13.
1901. by the Rev. Dr. J. George Gibson. Roy
t-havrn and Louisa. Hanson. ' both of San
Francisco.
WITT— BECKER— In this city, March 12, 1901,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Charles J. Witt
and I-rna Becker. *
DIED.
Clark. Albert I* McHugh. Mary E,
Connor. William L. McKiver. Lizzie
Coscrove. John Mayhew, Allda J.
De Rome, Mrs. C. A. Mitchell. Ella M. ¦
Dowsett. Georre Nelson. John A.
Hanson. Harlow K. O'Malley. Charles
Hsrtzell. Mrs. Rhoda Patchell. Sarah
Heirel. Sarah Perry. William
Johnson. Andrew Hemlllard, Philip H.
Kelly. Thomas F. Robertson. Wm. A.
Labelle. Mrs. Ellen Thurston. Bertha
lAvorel. Pierre Trengove. Edwin
McAleer. Hush Zlhn. Abigail A. D.
CLARK— In this city. March IJ. 1301. Albert
L. Clark, a native of Maryland, aged 43
years. *
C7The funeral will take place this day
'Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
CONNOR— In this city. March 14. 1901. Wil-
liam Leo, dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
William J. Connor, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years and 1 month.
|C7Notice cf funeral hereafter.
COSGROVE— In Oakland, March 12, 1901, at 860
East Twenty-second street. John, beloved
husband of Margaret Coagrove. a native of
New Hampshire, aged 64 years 11 months
and 73 dajs.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
I Friday), at 1 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner Montgomery and Post streets, under
th? auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 139, F.
and A. M.
DE ROME— In this city. March 13. 1901. Mrs.
C. A. de Rome, mother of Wilferd. Louis.
Albert, George and Louise de Rome and Mrs.
W. Corcoran.
E7"Nottce of funeral hereafter.
DOWSETT — In this city, March 14. 1901,
George, beloved husband of Mary Dowsett.
ani father of George, William, Paul and
John Dowsett, a native of England, aged 70
years 2 months and 14 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence. 231 Lombard street, near Kearny. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
IIANKON— In Oakland. March 33. 1901. at 1709
Kirhth street. Harlow K.. »on of Dr. T. C.
and Mary Kimball Hanson, a native of
Nevada, aged 19 year* S months and 23 days.
HARTZELL— In Oakland. March 14. 1901, Mr*.
liliodn. Harwell, mother cf 'Mra. Alice Baiter
of Butte, Mont., and Theodore and Frank
Hartzell cf Los Angeles, a native of Eng-
land, aged 70 yearn.
HEIOEL— In the City and County Hospital.
March 13. 1901. Sarah Hel 5 el. a native of Ire-
land, aced 69 years.
JOHNSON— In this city. March 14. 1901 An-
drew, beloved husband of Emma O. Johnson,
and father of Maud. Gusta, Fred. May Au-
gust and Adolph Johnson, a native of Swed-
en, aced f.0 years 4 months and 8 days
CTRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission etreet. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
KELLT— In this city, March 13. 1901. Thomas
F., dearly beloved eon of Michael and the
late Mary Kelly, and beloved brother of
Catherine Kelly, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2% years 2 months and 22 days.
(TTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Frlday), at 3 o'clock, from his Ute resl-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
29 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
. •¦ Telephone South SO.
| UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
77 and » Fifth st. TeL South 117.
IUHEEAL DISECT0R3 AMD KKBALKEB3. -
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, fl
IKS Market at., between Sth and 3th. 1
Telephone South 247. . ' . I
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.
The undertaking business of the late CHAS
J. B. METZLER will hereafter be conducted
under th« tame firm name of CHAS. J p
METZLER. at 636 Washington St., San Fran-
cisco, by H. METZLER, proprietor.
San Francisco, Cal.. March 11, 1901.
MARCH 11. 1M1— I have this day sold my In-
terest In the undertaking businesii of CHAS
J. B. METZLER to H. METZLER. and am
not responsible for any outstanding ¦ debta
I CHAS. L. METZLER.
ty Funeral services will be held this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of Hal-
sted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
private.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, under the auspices of King Solo-
mon's Lodge Xo. 260, F. and A. M. Inter-
ment private.
THURSTON— In the City and County Hospital.
March 14. 1901. Bertha Thurston. a native of
Illinois, a zed 42 yoars.
TRENGOVE— In Oakland. March 13. 1901. at
920 Filbert street, Edwin, son of Mrs. Mary
A. Trengove, and brother of Mrs. J. C.
Phillips and Miss Ullle Trengove. a native,
of California, aged 82 years 11 months and
14 days.
ZIHN— In this city. March 13. 1801. Abigail A.
Dow Zihn, beloved wife of Andreas Zlhn, a
native of Haverhill, Maps., aged 57 years. 10
months and 21 days. (Boston papers please
copy.) . (
E7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Frl-
il.iy). at 2 o'clock, at the residence of the
patents. 654 Thirteenth street, Oakland. In-
terment strictly private. Please omit flow-
ers.
ROBERTSON-In Llvermore, March' 14, 1901,
William A. Robertson, a native of Georgia,
afed 63 years.
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, at his late residence. 3919 Sacra-
mento street. Interment private.
REMILLARD-In this city. March 12, 1901.
Philip II.. beloved son of P. N. and Cordelia
Remillard, and brother of Emma and Lil-
lian Remlllard. a. native of Oakland. Cal.,
aged 32 yearj 9 months and 18 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 700 Ellis street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
PERRY— In this city. March 14. 1901, William
IVrry. a native of England, aged 45 yeara
and 11 month?.
E^TKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1612 Jones street, thence to St.^Fran-
cls Church, where' services will be held for
the repose of his soul. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
PATCHELL— In this city. March 13. 1901.
Sarah, dearly beloved wife of E. Patchell,
and mother of William E. and Frank A.
Patchell, a native of. England, aged 62 years
2 months and 13 days. (Woodstock, N. H..
I>apers please copy.)
itTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her firrandmother. 89' South Park,
thence to. St. Rose's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In Oakland, March 14. 1S01. . John
Augrust, beloved husband of Anna Dorothea
Nelson, father of Henry J. L. Nelson, an'l
brother of Mrs. T. Fugel, Mrs. S. Sorensen
and Emilia Xelson, a native of Sweden, aged
31 years 10 months and 20 days.
O' MALLET— In this city, March 12, 1901, (
Charles, dearly beloved husband of Mamie
O'Malley. father of Gertie, Grade. Grand-
vill. Evert, Charlotte. Edward and Charles
O'Malley, son of the late Thomas and Annie
O'Malley. and son-in-law of Mrs. Mary J.
Fitzslmons, a native of San Francisco, aged
37 years 9 months and 3 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Third Con-
Krepatioiml Church. Fifteenth street, between
Valencia and Mission. Interment private.
MITCHELL-In this city. March 13. 1901. Ella
Marguerite, dearly beloved daughter of Man-
uel and Margaret Mitchell, and granddaugh-
ter of Mrs. J. Kelly, a native of Pajaro,
Monterey County. Cal., aged 12 years 11
months and 21 day*.
CRemalns at McGinn Bros.* funeral par-
lors. 31 Eddy street. Funeral notice here-
after.
MAYHEW-In this city, March 13, 1901. at her
residence, 2114 Howard street, Allda J., be-
loved wife of William E. Mayhew, and mother
of Jennie. Is-'annle and Sadie Mayhew. a na-
tive of Pittsbursr. N. Y-. aged 43 years 3
months and 1 day.
ICTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 60S Second street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
..repose of his »oul. commenclnic at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. t .
McALEER— In this city. March 18. 1901. Hugh
McAleer. beloved husband of Mary A. Mc-
Aleer, and father of Minnie, Tillle. Margaret,
Sarah, Lillian and Andrew McAleer. a na-
tive of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 65 years
3 months and 25 days.
McHUGH-In this city. March 14, 1901. Mary
: K.. beloved daughter of Thomas and Johanna
McHuch. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 15 days.
McKIVER-In this city, March 14, 1901. Llirie
McKiver, a native of County Antrim, Ire-
land, aged 64 years.
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respecc-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Manonic Cemetery.
LAVOREL-In Oakland. March 13. 1301. Pierre,
b*»!ove<i husband of Anastasia Lavorel. and
father of Mre. Tilley de Mont and Eugene,
Cecile. Gabrielle, and Joseph Lavorel. a na-
tive of France, ated 47 years 6 months and
6 days. . . • -. .
dene*.' 13^4 Beidcman street, thence to Holy
Cross Church. Eddy street, between Scott
and Devisadero, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:50 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . •
L.ABELJJE— In this city. March 13. 1901. Mr».
Kllen Lebelle, beloved mother of Klla and
.Uresorie Labelle, Mrs. Otto Barff and Mrs.
James Brossolt and Mrs. H. R. Bur* of
Montana, a native of Glasgow. Scotland,
aged 52 years 10 months and 12 days.CUSTOMS;.' INSPECTOR 'APPOINTED.—Ar
thur K. ; Sheats - was appointed yesterday : by
Collector ' Strat ton ' to the position of customs
lnsDector at {3 ser diem. '
Cheapest and Most Delightful Ocean
Trips in the "World
Are those now offered .bv the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company to Southern
California ports. For rates and informa
tion.' call . at office, 1 New Montgomery
street. • • , .
The first battalion of the Twenty-eighth
Infantry will leave the Presidio for tho
transport dock this morning, where the
men will embark on the Indiana for Ma
nila. Major Yeatman goes in commai'd
of the battalion. The other officers are
Lieutenants Halstead, Dabney and -Peck.
The Meade will sail Saturday with two
troops of the Fifteenth Cavalry and head
quarters' band and a squadron of the
Fifth Cavalry. The last named command
is due to arrive here from Fort Meyer to
night. . Seven companies of the Tenth In
fantry will sail on the ISth on the Penn
sylvania. ¦ -
Eecruits Start for Manila.
-"In time of peace prepare for war."
There is a suggestion of summer days in
Nathan-Dohrmann CompAny'3 announce
ment of the receipt of two carloads of
Automatic refrigerators and one car of
White Mountain freezers. •
Civil Service Examinations.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission - announces that on dates men
tinned in all cities having postal free de
livery.' examinations will be held for the
following positions: . ' .
MTxeh 21 1901 —Mechanical engineer, new
TI S Mint at Philadelphia; -salary. $5 per
diem' Chief engineer and electrician,
eame- place; salary. $6. Assistant chief
engineer and electrician, same place; sal
arv $5 -' April 23. 1901— Acting assistant
surgeon, marine hospital service, at
Shreveport, La. ;- salary. . $600 per annum.
Physician. Indian , service Jmale). Chey
enne River Agency. SchooK South Dakota;
salary $1000 per annum. Senior architect
ural draftsman in the^supervislng archi
tect's office: salary. $2000 per annum. Top
ographic draftsman In' the office of the
surveyor general at San Francisco, Cal.:
salary $1200 per = annum. Aid.- coasts and
geodetic survey; 'salary. >$<20 per annum.
Persons who desire to compete should ap
ply at onco to the commission at/Wash
ington, D.C., for application forms 304
and 375.
INQUEST INTO CAUSE ? ; f .
. OP REMILLARD'S DEATH
Coroner's Jury Finds That Deceased
Merchant Accidentally Stepped
Off the Fire Escape.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yester-
day over the body of P. H. Remlllard, the
young merchant, who fellout of a second
story, window of the- Delmonlco restau
rant last Tuesday morning.
William Sproule testified that he attend
ed the party given by Mr.Remillard. The
party consisted of Mr. Re'millard, J. C.
"Wilson, himself and three ladies/ whose
names were not inquired Into by the gal
lant Coroner. They had a pleasant time
at the festal board and at half, past 11
o'clock Mr. Wilson took one of the. ladles
home. Just before the accident occurred
Mr. Remillard remarked that he would
step outside for fresh air. He opened a
window and stepped upon the fire escape.
Not seeing his friend ¦ immediately after
ward, Mr. Sproule looked out of the win
dow and saw a crowd on the sidewalk. ¦
Other witnesses testified to the state
ments made . by. Remillard to - the effect
that he had stepped off the fire escape ac
cidentally. Averdlct of accidental death
was rendered. • ¦
Tho principal European manufactories
of perfumes are in London. Paris and tha
towns of South France and Xorth Italy
EECOMMENDS EMPLOYMENT
OF FIFTEEN POLICEMEN
Police Commissioners Appeal to Su
pervisors — Lottery Lists May
Not Be Published.
President Newhall of the Board of Po-
lice Commissioners appeared before the
Supervisors' Police Committee yesterday
with a petition for the employment of
thirty-five additional patrolmen. He said
that the men." were absolutely necessary
and the commission had a fund of $11,000
at its disposal for their remuneration.
Chief Sullivan stated that the Sunset dis
trict was in need of police protection and
the men would -be distributed there, at
Holly Park in the Mission district and
wherever needed. The committee decided
to recommend to the board the appoint
ment of fifteen policemen.
The committee reported in favor of < the
proposed ordinance- prohibiting publica
tion of lottery drawings in newspapers or
by any other method. There was no dis
cussion over th© ordinance, both Tobln
and Stafford voting in its favor. The
penalty for violation Is fixed at $500 fine
or imprisonment for six months.
The committee recommended that the
gum of $250 paid by Charles Rosenberg as
fees to the poundkeeper for the. • release
of a- band of sheep which was Impounded
while his employes were driving them to
Butchertown be refunded to Rosenberg.
The committee reported in favor of the
ordinance requiring . the Chief of Police
and Chief Engineer of the Fire Depart
ment-to strictly enforce the fire and police
regulations at. amateur boxing exhibi
tions; also restricting the number of per
sons attending them to the seating capa
city of the place, and requiring clubs giv
ing such exhibitions to be members of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
Theodore Kytka, handwriting expert,
created a sensation in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday afternoon when
he swore that tho bill of sale of California
and Nevada Railroad bonds purporting to
have been signed In August. 1S05. by J. W.
Smith, deceased, in favor of his son.
Charles H. Smith, was evidently the fly
leaf torn from a book and bearing the
genuine signature of J. W. Smith, as J.
W. Smith used to write fifteen years ago.
He swore further that the body of the bill
of sale was written about ten years later
than the signature, and that Ink of two
different kinds and of different ages ap
pears in each." .V
In proof of his statement he showed
Judge Morrow the admittedly genuine
signature of J. W. Smith to several bank
checks written on the day and on the day
after the date of the bill of sale, showing
that at that time, which was In August.
1S35. J. W. Smith wrote his name tremu
lously, whereas fifteen years ago his sig
nature was firm in every line. The signa
ture on the bill of sale showed no tremor
whatever, he said.
The bill of sale was of 304 bonds of the
California and Nevada Railroad Company
valued, at the present time, at about $65.
000.\ It was written on a small scrap of
unsized paper, such as is used in printed
books.
Mr. Kytka turned the microscope upon
the writing and showed the Judge how
the ink in the signature had become oxid
ized, thus proving Its age. while the con
trary was the case with the Ink in the
body of the bill. He swore that the body
of the bill could not have been written
earlier than five years ago. and that it
was written probably as recently as three
C. K. King, the administrator, testified
as to several conversations he had had
with J. TV. Smith regarding the Intentions
of the testator as to the disposition of his
property. Mr. King said that in those
talks J. W. Smith fold him that he had
given his children tee greater part of his
property, and that ne had given his son
Charles his Interest in the railroad. That
was a month previous to the death of
Smith. It was for that reason that the
witness had not entered the railroad
bonds as a part of the estate. Mr. King
identified the signature on the assignment
as that of J. W. Smith, although it lacked
the rubric apparent on the bank check
signatures. He declined, however, to
pwear positively to the genuineness of the
E Then the claimant. Charles H. Smith,
was put upon the stand. He told about
his coming to this city from Denver. Colo..
In July. 1895. and about his father dying
on November 15 of the same year. He was
in his father's room on August 14. 1S95.
on which occas'.cn he handed the witness
a small scrap of paper and requested him
to writ® upon It a bill of sale of the rail
road bonds. The witness did so,- and wrote
the assignment, which was afterward pro
duced in court. His father then read It.
said that it was "all right," got up out of
bed. sat down at the table and signed his
name to It. He looked at his signature
and remarked, "That is a pretty good sig
nature," and handed the witness the
paper.
The witness went on to say that after
that occurrence his father told Captain
W. R. Thomas and Abner Doble that he
had given the railroad bonds to his son
Charles. He said to the witness: "Char
ley. I have given Mr. Doble an order to
deliver those bonds, and I have told him
that they belong to you." Doble after
ward delivered the bonds to the witness,
who, at Doble's reque3t. gave him a re
ceipt In the name of "J. W. Smith, per C.
H. Smith."
On cross-examination the witness said
that he wrote the body of the assignment
on a desk in his father's room, and that
his father signed It on a table about an
hour later. He was not sure as to wheth
er or not the signature was or was not
made with the same pen and ink as was
used in wrltins the body of the bill of
sale.
The case will be argued this morning.
Sensation in the Smith Bond
Cast in the Circuit
Court.
KYTKA SWEARS
IT IS FORGERY
A flra that occurred on the gasoline
launch William D. of the Peterson Boat
ing Company caused considerable excite
ment tn th© vicinity of tl»« United States
transport dock at the foot <of Folsom
street shortly after C o'clock last night.
The cause of the blazo Is unknown, and
the launch did cot suffer to any great ex
tent, j
A. Nichols, an embalmer. In th« employ
of the Government, and Harry Holden. a
soldier, were In the cabin of the boat
when the alarm was first sounded. N. Ol
sen. a special policeman In tha transport
service, noticed clouds of thick smoke
arising- from the small deck near th« stern
and phouted to the men. Both were
asleep on the cushioned seats and were so
startled when they suddenly awakened
and discovered the presence of the fire
that they leaped overboard and had to be
pulled out of the water.
Chief Stevedore Dunne, Pay Clerk F. A.
Campbell. Henrv Lunderland and Olsen
soon secured lire apparatus and put out
the blaze, which had not yet reached the
pasolir.e tank. The paint and oil house
for thJ transports Is near where the burn-
Ing launch lay and. had an explosion oc
curred, the destruction to property might
have been gTeat.
Soldier and Embalmer Dive
Into Bay When Flames
Art Discovered.
GASOLINE LAUNCH
CATCHES FIRE
PROFESSOR W. A. ROBERTSON, LATE PRINCIPAL OF THE HAMILTON
GRAMMAR SCHOOL. WHO WAS ASSOCIATED WITH PUBLIC EDU
CATION IN THIS CITY OVER A QUARTER OF A CENTURY.
WILLIAM A. ROBERTSON,
the pioneer educator, who
lately served in the capacity
cf principal of the Hamilton
Grammar School, died at 5
o'clock yesterday morning- at Llvermors.
Death resulted from dropsv. For the past
two years the deceased had been gradu
ally failing, but he remained in charge of
the Hamilton Grammar School and only
relinquished his offlce when illness con -
polled. As an experienced instructor aru"
en efficient yet considerate disciplinr
rian h» wen the affection of both pupils
and teachers and in his death the School
Department has sustained a great loss
V.*i!Iiam A. Robertson was born at At
lanta. Ga., in 1S27. He studied law. was
admitted to the bar and practiced in his
native State ur.yi the ccmnyncement of
the Civil War. when r.e joined the Con
federate forces. He rose to the rank of
captain and near the clos-e of the struggle
he was taken prisoner, surrendering u'.s
sword to General La Granje. who was
Fubscrjuently appointed superintendent cf
the Mint of this cltv. Robertson wa«
eventually paroled ana immediately came
to this State, v.hcre he entered into ihe
vocation of proebptcr. His first school wa3
near the boundary !!:'<> of San Mateo
County. Here he tauei 1 : until he was ap
pointed vice principal cf the Llncoh'.
Grammar School. He i ctair.ed that posi
tion until 1S74. v.-h.cn he was elected prin
cipal cf Hamilton Crammer School, tho
position which he hc!d until he was called
bv death.
After the deceased had been in this State
for a few years and had become moder
ately prosperous he sent for his agvd
moiher and father, who still resided at
Atlanta. Oa., and brought them to Ca'.'
forr.ia. ; SubsoyuenUy he assisted Is;.'
brothers and sister io icne to this St.air
He was a. prominent number of the Jla
rorJe fraternity and a thirty-third degree
member <jf the Scottish Rite. . He also
belonged to the Mystic Shriners. Pro
fessor Robertson was never married.
He leaves two brothers— George, who is
editor of a rai>er at Honolulu, and I>r.
John Robertson, who is iv charge of a san
itarium at LSvermore— and a sister, M's 1 ?
Mary A. Robertson.
The funeral will take place Saturday af
ternoon and will be >:nder the direction
cf King Solomon Lod^e of the Masonic
order. Services will be held at Franklin
Hall on Fil!:ncre street. The funeral will
then proceed to Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
where the body will be cremated.
Eminent Principal of the Hamilton Grammar School
Succumbs to Prolonged Attack of Dropsy.
John B. Hewitt of Bakersfleld. who has
won a fortune within the last few years
through lucky speculations in oil lands in
Kern County, has flled in the- County
Clerk's office an affidavit denying that ho
married Mary E. Hewitt, who recently
brought suit for divorce against him. she
charging cruelty. He admits, however,
that they entered into a written agree
ment at Redding, Shasta County, March
26, 1S91, to live together, but now claims
that the paper is not vilid as a marriage
contract. He further sets up the defense
that on February 25, 1SJ0. the plaintiff ad
mitted that she had been guilty of Infi
delity and "as a just punishment" for
her wrongdoing she waived all claims she
might have upon him or his property.
This paper, which is made part of the af
fidavit, was acknowledged March 20, lS&Q,
before H. P. Bender, a. Justice of tho
Peace, who is also a partner of Hewitt
in his oil land speculations. On the same
day the plaintiff, on j;ayment of $200,
signed a release on both Hewitt and his
fortune, it is alleged. Upon this showing
Hewitt has asked the court to dissolve
the injunction issued when the suit was
commenced restraining him from dispos
ing of any of his property interests during
the pendency of the litigation. < * •
The discarded wife to whom three
children were born while she was living
vith Hewitt, intends makinc a hard
struggle for recognition of herself arid
babies. If she succeeds Hewitt will be
placed in a serious position, inasmuch as
he has married since their separation. If
the marriage contract is declared valid
Hdwltt is liable to prosecution for big
amy and it is not Improbable that he will
be arrested on that charge before the civil
proceedings are finally disposed of by
Judge Hunt, to whom the case has been
assigned for trial.
Mrs. Hewitt, in reply to the affidavit
made by Hewitt, filed with the County
Clerk yesterday a counter affidavit,
in which she details the alleged circum
stances under which she signed the re
lease. She alleges that the documems
were signed under duress and that sho
affixed and acknowledged her signature
to them believing her life to be in daji
ger. She alleges that at the time of sign
ing the papers, February 25, 1S99. she was
about to become a mother and that Hew
itt threw her on the floor, called her v!l<?
and abusive names and threatened to beat
her to death if she refused to sign the
documents or ever divulge the fact that
she had been forced to sign them. She
further alleges that after signing the pa
pers she begged Hewitt to be allowed to
remain at their home in Bakersfleld untU
she could find some other home and take
her children with her. Hewitt permitted
her to remain and they continued marital
relations until March 20. 1S99, when he
again became violent, cursed and abused
her, struck her in the face and threat
ened to kill her. He demanded that she go
with him to his office and acknowledge
bfore Notary Public Bender the papers
signed by her some weeks before. She
claims that he again threatened her with
death if she refused to obey and instruct
ed her to answer "yes" to all questlon3
asked her by the Notary. Under these
cicumstances and conditions she acknowl
edged the papers. The following day Hew
itt drove her from the house and, in the
words of her affidavit, "compelled her to
go to the city of San Francisco an.i
threatened that if she ever returned he
would beat her to death or cause her In
carceration in prison." In conclusion she
alleges that at the time she acknowledged
the papers on which Hewitt bases hts
defense there was no onepresent but her
self. Hewitt and Notary Bender, her hus
band's partner, . and that she. had no op
portunity to appeal to any one for pro
tection or assistance. She asks that Hew
itt's motion to dissolve the injunction be
denied and that she be awarded alimony
and counsel fees pending the trial of the
suit.
The matter will come up for hearing this
morning before Judge Hunt.
When Mrs. Hewitt left Bakersfleld Hew
itt refused to allow her to take their thre^
children. Myrtle, Gladvs and John B..
with her. They disappeared from Bakers
fleld soon afterward and it was generally
understood that they had been placed in a
private school In Los Angeles by the fa
ther. The mother made several efforts
to find them, but she was not successful
until a few days ago, when she learned
that they were In charge of a charitable
institution in Oakland. It l<* said that
Hewitt turned them over to the institu
tion, saying that he would never recog
nize them again.
Missing Children Have Bsen Found
to Be in the Charge of an
Oakland Charitable
Institution.
Discarded Wife Tells How
She Was Forc.dto Sign
Release
MORE DOCUMENTS
IN HEWITT CASE
PROFESSOR W. A. ROBERTSON
PASSES AWAY AT LIVERMORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1901.
Dragged to His Death.
Paul W. Hack, formerly a corporal of
Company D, Twenty-first Infantry, was
killed yesterday afternoon by being
thrown between a dummy and car on the
Union-street line.
Hack and a comrade named Leary sig
naled a Union-street car to stop at Polk
street Leary boarded the car first, and
while Hack, who was slightly lame, was
attempting - to ste.P ' on the car was
started. The Jerk threw the unfortunate
fellow between the wheels of the dummy
and car, and he was dragged a consider
able distance before the car could be
stopped. He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, ¦where it ¦was found that he
had a fractured skull and internal in
juries.- He died a few hours later. The
police were sent to arrest the grlpman.
The crushed and mangled remains of lit
tle Charlie Gandolfo. a 10-year-old- boy.
occupy a slab at the Morgue and at the
home of his parents, 23 Boardman place,
his father and mother are bemoaning the
fate that robbed them of a bright and
manly son. His life was crushed out by
car 41 of the San Mateo electric line yes
terday shortly after 5 p. m. on Bryant
street, between Sixth and Seventh.
The little fellow had attempted to cross
the street and was struck by the car, the
approach of which he failed to notice. The
motorman. John Powell, stopped the car
bo suddenly that the front wheels left the
track, but it was too late. The accident
was witnessed by an elder brother of
young Gandolfo. who was standing In the
doorway of a saloon kept by his father.
Motorman Powell was arrested, taken
to the City Hall and charged with
manslaughter. He ssaid he did not see the
little fellow,until the car was almost upon
him. He reversed the current and threw
on the brakes, but his efforts to stop the
car in time were without avail.
Willie Connors, a, 15-year-old newsboy,
was thrown from a cart near the corner of
Powell and Market streets yesterday
afternoon and received injuries which re
sulted in his death.. The boy, in company
with a carrier on the Evening Post, was
driving along Market street In a delivery
cart. When nearly opposite Fifth street
the horse stumbled and the Connors boy,
who was standing on the rear step, was
thrown hackward into the street, striking
on the back of his head.
Officer Rellly of the Southern Station
had the injured boy hurried to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where Dr. Morrison did what
he could to relieve the sufferer. The boy
lingered until nearly 6 o'clock, when he
succumbed to his injuries. Death resulted
from concussion of the brain.
The boy resided with his parents at 167
Linden avenue and was their only child.
Charlie Gandolfo and Wil
liam Connors Jr. Are
Killed Accidentally.
TWO YOUNG LIVES
SUDDENLY ENDED
SLIGHT DELAY
IN COMPLETING ATLAS.
CHICAGO, March 7, 1901.
John D. Spreckels, Proprie
tor of The Call, San Francisco:
Owing to delay of Government
in compiling and revising cen
sus it will be impossible to
ship first carload of atlases or
dered by you before March
30th. They will go forward
promptly that day by fast
freight.
GEOEGE F. CEAM.
12
taken the place
a of 'Olive; Oil <&&&& _|
EL^'^vhgre nice distinction-': arc madc'^Vj
DR.MCNULTY.
rynvi vvkll-knov.-n* and rkliable old
I Specialist ewrfjBlood Poison. (;onorrhce>»,r.i?e{,
Strlctar.-. s •mir.nl Weaknps*. Im p«it*nc«» and their
atlleil PisuMNTS. I'.ook on Di<t«>ax<>a ot Men fr*e
9to3dally;6:X)to^30ev'CT.Sun<layvl0toric'n"i:
tetloufreeandsacredlyconUdentlal. Call oi-nldresj
P. ROSCOE JIcXCLTY.ai.D.
SS^a liearny St., Son Francisco* Ca*-
Smart Clothes?
Smart Fashions
...AND...
Tempting Values
Always Bring Crowds.
Always?
The house to make your little
pocket-book go the farthest.
Always?
Always
Tempting You With Sweet
Novelties at
Tempting
hk>i Prices.
V§P|>/ That pretty
,, , /^f^^^is-'i sitit pictiorcd
JgJ^^^IJ, hire in Tans,
\&@$W'P^&ft{ > 'i l Tilloes ' Sage
t^fW-^ "%i^Ti' rrccns aiul Ox-
lSO?3f?SK9 \fnrds: always
W^^W'i 3 - 30 * to u -
I ~ es 3 t0 8
/ years.
:. . i -','.¦•¦
nussian 0^>
Blouse ML
SUITS /il A
In, strong, ser- A^v^*=>^ t/J
vlceable serges, wM^^^dllm
in Tans and' W-'l • Off
Reds, verr/ pret- ll I :^> v^ \l
ty, zvorth $7 1LJ
'and 98. W3^S
SPECIAL M f&
****** •<••••*¦. ,
/C) Just
_^/. Like Papa.
\ \///J \ fi8t °f Knee
fcHoX^n Trouser Sioits
vi /r \ T^J in all-wool
ij^*^\^\jj Scotches, for
ra i^wl boys a i es 8 to
9 i A f fMI ' 16 y ears > ™ade
iUj ftl ftM with separate
V yM'/f dowUe-breasted
fag H vest, ivqrbh f6.
B S SPECIAL
ADVEBTISEUENTS.
ADVEBTISTnVTRNTS.
(gJ/FGOODS ARE NOT JA7IS FACTORY YOUR yi
K MONEY WILL BE CHEERFULLY 'REFUNDED. W\
>J Q LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, 1/
ff V E3^ C"7" Made of best quality fast-color w&'
y&\ I *, -. 8 J rC B<. M /'Xyfiiy^^. Italian cloth, hichly moroerized. *£
4aSflI I *knt j j a „.(,¦,„/., rrniiire- I (>sy '/ir 'with umbrella iloimcp. corded and fiffiSk
ami that is made to meet your own particular require /AEgLJJl trimmed with narrow ruffles, m\
rQA/ ments. wSsS&r flounce faced up with canvas. 9 \
\\ XW ¦ -5S5TO d lHSt"q^© St^allan r8 c1oth. I in<l -"--S&Ep. ttanw. M k for rtlrt complete: ¦ J\
\ 1 J& boned throughout with best-tempered. - S1.OO. nt , . . n M\
\l f£*£\ rust-proof steel, coming in short med- Some very Special Easter Offerings in Our B. n
flky ' l^ <iT\ lum and extra long lengths. This cor- oijirp rvpr** r>»r»ii/ii3MTr» M B
Wj\ y*%T\\ set -would sell readily tor $3-j». but OUIl DdPARTMdNT. {« £3
//\J te// If vou wish" the" 'new KANGAROO - - TV* urgo intending customers not ®Sf
j A rss G o4 E^ h^^T^Ra T 2oJ?s?? As sffic s^^gt&Ks'nSsz Ik
$\f) to show ,ouf5S&?n R pScl vo S3.o« JOfc PI SS SS fi?f
%A ""6nV" B tyVe"Ys"made"of'bV S tquallty fast black Wfrfi f%£l$ 1 * ti $£.*%}.\ m A
V Italian clcth bias cut hand-gored and low slop- /JsHi t Hi * tall ° r su J ts - strictly man- /m
Ji a s&^»^°»as IM Sir&otg^^^ss 1^ 1^ //
/\ and beading. Our . motto. The Best lo y "Jj 1 oo J.VTWYiP* «ned with good pereallne and bound £ I
fPrW V^LV"«»T*'wvE7rfc*'r» llYv.VNlJ.\ wltn S° od corduroy; jacket neat fly fl /
m iSU UNDERMUSLIN DEP'T W> ffiffiS-^S*? 1/
\\ we have some very Special Bargain* to oner *^Jrv-* i & r: In tan. navy and black. Our A
>\ our customers Ifi/'s week. price ready for comparison. ST.T5. Y*37j
<SV^ t A-nT-pc- ctctrt THFMISE made of Rood soft ALSO LADIES GOLF SKIRTS, made of best MtirV
0VB bleached musl!r?Sk?nd arm s?ze finished with all wool golfing, welted seams, stitched bottom, new W /
\\A dKfntvn-Sern of Nonnandy lace, with in- fan inverted back, perfect fitting and well finished. /
\1 serUon Across the bust! & bottom finished all being man-tailored. Our sacrifice offering V.
\i M^B^^^^^^S^^iif^9 t sklearo-FarVVlV-^ee-t-En^nceV- 82 - 50
V ALSO LADIES* DRAWERS, made of good soft r A DIES, h*™ Is a chance to buy /
S\ bleached muslin, with wide, umbrella flounce of fcH „ E< Hr Z3 17 n /s /
&JDB every sense of the word oUC ». - - At prices far below cost, and tw I
W I TO-DAY »e place on sale in our $^§0$? 1 SiV^S y a° U t5?. k i! %l
If HOSIERY DEPARTMENT W"*T^)^ %2^> y %£ M t£S& 1SSSSS Jk
A Some of the greatest bargains in hosiery it has V*\ V v r v [£$> and daintiest braids lmasrin- £&M
l i¥tf\ ever been our sood fortune to offer the bargain- i^ft v?? 4«^) ab i e _ gome are made with M 1
fit™ I loving public. • „ . f «,, a iif W 7/ii' * Vv fin® lace Duchess or Honlton rfl| I
M ) LADIES' HOSE, made of very beat <x uaHty <5fS IS braid, others made ot finest I l\/
'®L/ Egyptian cotton and French Lisle Thread. niRn ff\^tg^r»^^ linen Battenberg braid. I \
yZ- spliced heels and toes, warran ted_ '"t"" 1^^ 1 fe^^K^K)' Following are two samples 1\
fW the new Parisian lace epcts or fancy riDoea. v^t^\^/>^^~ of low selling: \\ A
f&j This is indeed a scnuine half-priced offennp . o t BATTENBERG SQUARE, made of best linen %*&.
If Tni7 X>nC171VrTJ17Prt 816 MARKET STREET, %A
Pa\ J U Ea Xtv/iiljiM jDJuiiVlj Running through to 11 OTarrel!,
v/r) ....Mail Orders Solicited.... PHELAN BUILDING. /^
eoaeaeoeaeeeeseeoeeeeo
••••••••
*^^^^^^®7/ Dressy, Smart,
P^^^^^mlu Rlch and Reflned
A H -«^ t nxiY /* The New est Shades,
r\ I W CL V S The New est Fabrics,
In Sage Greens. Olives. Tans,
--, . _ ¦ _ „ for spring. Such svvirb suits
WatCll What the Swell we've marked special to-day,
. . and the values will surprise
dressers are wearing. you . The suit—
Peep at our windows; Mj'j \
you'll see 'em. ••*PJLA # ©;
/ % \ CTlNCORPOgATCD^H i Dl RAlL
h\ W I ¦ /— % I 1 V 1 Kearney A
/ % a m 9/ mi • H w I 6 * Union-
The Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
HOUSE. i
Making Home Inviting
¦ n<J cozy Is an art that the refined
housekeeper studies. We can help her
If «h« looks at our exquisite designs In
Furniture for Parlor. Chamb«r or Li-
brary. Our handsome dtnins-rooTn Fur-
niture, In Chairs, Tables. Buffets and
Sideboards. In carved and quartered
oak. are strictly UD-to-date.
HOMES FURNISHED COMPLETELY.
CASH OR CREDIT.
All our foods are marked In plain
figures.
10 PEB CEN'T DISCOUNT FOR CASH.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1O15-1O17 Market St.,
Oppo«ite Taylor.
Tel, youth 371.